bCENES'AT 1 ME DESTRUCTION OF' SHAG ROCK
; LONDON.. May 1.— The Express corres
pondent at Cape Town cables:
"I have it on the, highest authority that
General Hunter has been sent to Kim
berley to command, a strong column In
tended'.for the relief of Mafeklng. Gen
eral: Barton's 'brigade also has. been di
rected on ' Maf eking," an operation which
probably • will ' be seconded by ¦ Lord
Methuen." . -. . \
TWO FORCES SENT
TO RELIEVE MAFEKING
ultimatum that. was to have been given
to-day deferred, the status of the strike
on car repairs of the New York Central
Railroad is unchanged to-night, except
ing so far as the action of President Cal
laway In consenting that Superintendent
Walt of the - motive power department
shall meet In conference the members of
the executive committee, has tended to
create a belief, among the strikers that
the company Is disposed to pursue a con
ciliatory . policy.
The leaders of the strike were to-night
very pronounced in their expressions of
determination to make no concessions.
To-night about 1000 freight handlers em
ployed In the railway freighthouses of the
roads entering Buffalo other than the
Lake. Shore decided to strike for an in
crease of wages and shorter hours.
Two hundred men employed in the
yards . of ¦ the New York, Lake Erie and
Western at repair work also struck to
night. -
ST. LOUIS. April 30.— The strike situa
tion on the Suburban Street Railway re
mains unchanged. No serious Interrup
tion to the service of the system resulted
from the walkout. William MoDanieis, a
motorman, died at his home to-day as a
result of an injury caused by being ""truck
by a stone Sunday night. while running on
his car.
Freight Handlers on Roads Entering
Buffalo Decide to Strike for
Higher Wages.
BUFFALO. N. Y., April 30.— With the
LEADERS OF CHICAGO
CAR STRIKE HOPEFUL
Baron von der Jeltsch Dead.
BERLIN. April 30.— Baron Saurma von
der Jeltsch. former German MlnlitT at,
Washington, is dead.
north of Sunday River seems compara
tively clear of Boers.
General Louis Botha has returned to
Pretoria to resume the supreme command
of the Transvaal forces.
LADYSMITH. April 30.— Tbe country
BOTHA IN SUPREME COMMAND.
BERLIN. April SO.— Dr. Theodore Barth.
the Frelsslnnige leader, has abandoned the
Idea of promoting a German national
anglophlte demonstration, friends of Eng
land here having advised him that In view
of the present temper of the English peo
ple It would be liable to bo misunder
stood. /-.
Baxth's Scheme Abandoned.
most Interesting event of the day in con
nection with the Ecumenical Convention*
which will close to-morrow, was the r»
ceptlon at Sherry's to-night, tendered by
300 missionaries, who are British subjects
or who pursue their work of teaching In
British possessions by the residents of New
York. Several hundred persons of British
birth were present at this reception. The
big ballroom was decorated with Ameri
can and British flags, smllax and palms.
American. English. Irish. Scotch. Welsh
and Austriallan airs were played by the
orchestra. After the reception address -of
welcome was made by George Gray Ward.
president of- the St. George Society and
chairman of the executive committee.
Bishop Potter. E. Gerald and Rev. Dr.
R. S. M. Arthur were among the speakers.
Another Interesting reception was that
tendered the missionaries and delegates
by the Chinese Christians of Greater Now
York at the Presbyterian Chinese Mis
sion to-night. There were present about
150 missionaries and 300 visitors mam
friends.
Interesting Event in Connection
With the Ecumenical Conven
tion at New York.'
NEW YORK. April 30.— Probably the
BRITISH MISSIONARIES
TENDER A RECEPTION
0NE.of.the most beautiful . and im
pressive sights ever seen on the bay
of; San Francisco was the blowing
up of Shag, or Barrel Rock, yester
day. Contrary to. the general expectation,
there was rio'Tconcusslon, nor was 'there
any tidal wave. The- fish - that were
killed, as far as . seen, .would ,. not
number a score. Fishermen were
on the scene by, the , dozen \ ready to
scoop up all of -the finny .tribe. that were
stunned by the explosion, but their hopes
ended, in-a, disappointment, fpr not a sea
bass, palmon or sturgeon showed among
tho yeasty foam that spread over, a mile
of surface radiating from where Shag
Rock formerly poked its head above
water. -
Shag and Arch rocks have been consid
ered "a menace i to navigation" by mar
iners ever since the days of '49. Blossom
Rock was also classed as an obstruction.
As it lay more directly In the fairway
than did the other two danger spots it was
blown' up. by the Government in ApriU
1870. It was "the intention of the contract
ors to blow up Shag Rock the. same day
that Blossom Rock was destroyed, thirty
years ago, but owing to mishaps in per
fecting plans the work could not be ac
complished until yesterday afternoon.
Tho contractors took every precaution,
and In- consequence there was not the
It is stated that the contractors are to
receive from the Government S2SO.0GO for
blowing up Shag or Barrel rock. Arch
rock and the reef extending from Alca
traz toward Sausallto*. Having
fully performed a part of their contract
they will immediately receive J3O.C0O. Their
next operations will be upon Arch rock.
Upon completing their work on Arch rock
they will pay. their respects to the reef
extending from Alcatraz toward Sausa
llto.
the tugs. In five minutes from the time
the sirens sounded tin? button waa touchea
and. Shag Rock went up into the air.
In spite of the fact that the hour for the
explosion had been kept a profound secret
the wonderful sight was witnessed by
thousands of people. The • garrisons on
Alcatraz. Angel Island, at the Presidio
and Black Point were all gathered to wit
ness the sight, while Telegraph and Rus
sian hills and the shore line from Powell
street wharf to Black PolnT were dotted
with people anxious to see the sight. They
v«ere all more than satisfied, as they wit
nessed one of the grandest sights ever
seen on the bay of San Francisco.
It was shortly after the noon hour when
the tugs Lottie and Transit took a lighter
in tow and started for Shag Rock. On
reaching the scene no time was lost in at
taching the cable to the mine. Then the
wire was reeled out until the barge and
the tugs were close to the Angel Island
shore. There the dynamo • was attached
and three long whistles blown by one of
The Call tug was the first boat to enter
the muddy water which resulted from the
explosion. The State tug Governor Mark
ham followed about ten minutes later, and
thrn in rapid succession came launches,
yachts, fishing boats and tugs until fully
a hundred craft were gathered on the
spot. The Call boat went clear across the
spot where Shag Rock formerly stcod.
and the bubbling and seething waters did
little more than make her roll from side
to side. In fact, there was less movement
from the phenomenon than there was a
few minutes later In an encounter with
the back wash of n stern-wheel steamer.
The hour -for firing the mine wa3 set
for 3 p. m., and it waa exactly two min
utes past that hour when the electric
spark was released. In l the twinkling of
an eye a" huge mass qf rock and water
and splintered lumber from the derrick
that had been erected to facilitate opera
tions were flying heavenward. Long be
fore the' water had ceased mounting up
ward the rock was falling back into thp
water, and the splash, splash, splash of
the huge pieces ccuUI . be, heard a mile
away. After the great upheaval had sub
sided somewhat the water over the spot
once marked by Shag. Rock -continued to
boll for nearly fifteen minutes.
slightest hitch when it came to the final
test.
"The Basutos are a" second time as
tour.ded to see the Boers peacefully retir
ing with herds* which, the natives think
ehould be the b<»ot>Ao'f the British, who
are said to be the ectiqucrors."
According to • information from Maseru
the main body of the .Boers reached
I^eeuw Rtver, -due w^st of Ladybrand,
Sunday, email parties* trailing behind "at
intervals of ten miles t\ protect the .rear
and whip up their herd! Slight oulpost
actions take place dall>\ beyond Karee
Siding, where the.hoad ol the British in
vasion is cantooned. ' / \ ''
Sickness Among BullW's : Horses.'
African horsey sickness his broken out
la General Buller's army, llkprovts espe
cially fatal anrong freshly Vrriveri ani
mals. The Bloemfontein coVespcndents
point but that the dcflclenciesu'n *he vet
erinary department cause thVu&ands of
loeses. \
General Lucas Meyer, replylnV to Gen
eral Buller's complaint that sbrte of the
British prisoners at Pretoria ,ai\ lodged
in the town Jail, says that only tl\se are
so treated who have tried or w^o te sus
pected of tryfng to escape. He \torts,
moreover, that Boer prisoners ar\ con
fined in the town Jail at PietcrnVrilz
burpr with natives. . "
The morning papers give special p»m!-;
nence to the statement of a news agVey
A dispatch from Maseru, dated Monday,
eays: ... - .¦• .
The Boers are now showing -uncommon
activity west of Bloemfontcin. They are
in force between Fourteen Streams and
Kimberley. On Sunday .they occupied
Windsorton, "west of the' railway, and now
threaten to Interrupt the communication
of the British force at Warrenton to the
north— this. too. at a time when General
Hunter is' about to start on* a 200-mile
march fcr Mafcking. probably with 5000
men.
To the east of Bloemfontem, the Boers
on Sunday night were still holding the
bills near Thaba Nchu. while behind them
long wagon trains loaded with wheat for
the Boer army In the north are moving
through Ladybrand. •
The British captured one Boer convoy
on Sunday, but its siza is not mentioned
in the dispatch^ which barely' announces
the fact. Weptner, lately the ecene of
incessant -fighting. Is* deserted. General
Brabant and Colonel Dalgetty having
moved northward, . . '.
Activity of the Boers.
commandos which besieged Wepener and
found Rundle before Dew'etsdorp have
safely arrived at Boer 'headquarters.
There is a general inclination here to give
the Boers full credit for the clever way
in which they managed in the nick of
time to elude the British columns sent to
compass their destruction.. . .•. ,;j v '".-
Waxrenton construes the recent maneu
vers of the Boers to foretell a concerted
attack. Marking Is maintaining a bold
front, or was on April 12, wh'ich. is the
date on which the Boors reported Colonel
Baden-Powell dead. It is reported that
more Boers are gathering before the town
to resist any attempt at Its relief; . "
LONDON, May 1, 4 a. m.-Flghting
continuous, but apparently not or
a very 6evere character, has been
In progress In the neighborhood of
Thaba Nchu during the last few
days. The Boers have been steadily
thrust back on the eastern side of the
town by a strong force of cavalry and
mounted infantry under command of Gen
eral Krcncb, but, as was to be_ expected,
they are planning to offer sto'iit resistance
to the further advance of the British in
the direction of Ladybrand. They' have
fadlen back only to take up a new strong
position on one of the mountain ridges
barring the path of the British eastward.
There has been further fighting at Fa
rec Siding, the opposing artillery exchang
ing compliments aX long range.
From Brandford comes word tfial the
IN HO NOB, OF COLOLiALS.
LONDON, April 30.— The banquet given
*.t the Hotel' Cecil in London this after-
JAMESTOWN'. St. Helena, Aj>rll 30.—
General Cronjc and his wife, accompanied
by the general's private secretary, were
permitted to attend religious services at
Dcadwood Camp, after . which they had
their first ride . around : the country, an
experience -which seemed to give General
Cronje much pleasure. The famous Boer
commander was received with cheers.
Commandant Schatt has been relieved
of the military command at' Johannes
burg arid has gone on command.
CRONJE CHEERED IN
HIS ISLAND PRISON
PRETORIA. April 30.— As a sequel to
the Johannesburg explosion the Govern
ment-has ordered British subjects with
a few exceptions to leave .the republic
within forty-eight hours. J
Nearly £400 has been subscribed for the
relief of the victims.
BRITISH SUBJECTS
MUST LEAVE REPUBLIC
Mr. Wyndham said. that the War. Office
had not communicated with General Bul
ler in connection with the Spion Kop dis
patches, but that communications had
passed between Lord Roberts and General
Buller in reference to the publication of
the dispatches In question.
The Government leader, Mr. Balfour,
subsequently announced that "with a
view of clearing up misconceptions which
had gathered round the publication of the
dispatches" he would place the salary of
the Secretary of State for. War among
the votes to be taken Friday and "thus
enable a debate to be had on the subject.
LONDON'. April 30.— Tn the House of
Commons to-day John Gordon Swift Mac-
Neill. Irish Nationalist member for South
Donegal, resumed the Interrogation of the
Parliamentary Secretary of • the War
Office. Mr. Wyndham._ln regard to the
South African war, but .got little satis
faction. Speaker Gully finally called Mr.
MacNeill to order for demanding to know
whether the operations at Magersfonteln
were exempt from criticism by the com
mander in chief of the British forces in
South Africa because Lord Methuen was
a "society peer and court favorite."
WARM WAR TALK ""
IN THE COMMONS
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent
of the Times, telegraphing Monday, says:
"Part of the machinery of the Begble
works has started again. The Federal
Government continues to buy enormous
quantities of provisions." .
A dispatch to the Dally News from Lou
renzo Marquoz says: "Sixty-five bodies
have been extricated from the ruins in
the Begbie Iron Works at Johannesburg."
Bodies Found in the Ruins.
The Daily Chronicle's expert says: "If
a solid victory is to be attained the Brit
ish must have different leadership from
what has been displayed in the Dewets
dorp operations."
The war specials to-day consist* chiefly
of detached scraps, the favorite Introduc
tion of the military commentators and
editorial writers being that, as only scant
news has been wired, something big i3
probably about to happen.
that Sir Redvers Buller sent his resigna
tion to Lord Roberts after the Splon Kop
censures were published and that Lord
Roberts declined to accept It.
noon by the British Empire \ League In
honor of the colonial troops In South
Africa and of the Australian federation
delegates brought together here a bril
liant gathering. The Duke of Devonshire,
lord president of the Council of Ministers
presided. The Prince of Wales respond
ing to the. toast to himself; the Princess
and the other members of the royal fam
ily, made the following brief reference to
the Brussels incident:
"I will say no more than this: . All of us
are In the hands of God, and whether we
lese our life through sickness, accident or
the hands of an assassin we must bow
to his Inscrutable will. ":
m
COMING OF BOER DELEGATES.
WASHINGTON, April 20.-U _ can be
stated that (the persona composing the
Boer delegation who are about to sail
from Europe for the United States this
week will not be denied access to the Sec
retary of State when they reach Wash
ington. They will be received as Indi
viduals. Just as was Montagu White, but
with the distinct understanding that they
are not recognized officially as' a Boer
delegation, and that the Secretary does
not admit their competence to enter into
any negotiations with the State Depart
ment.
f, (From the Spear.) ¦
To drop three shells in succession within a space less than one hundred feet square, at ordinary
range, is counted fair marksmanship, but to plant them bo close together from a rangs of six and a '
half miles and just missing the object fired at is very remarkable. Yet this was just what the Boer
"Long Tom" on Isiznbulwani Mountain did when a battery of British artillery was returning 1 to" Lady
emith. after an engagement on the north side of the town-. Saving to cross a ridge, on the top of -which,
they were exposed for a short distance, the Boers directed f«ie flre of one of their big guns on them. The
first shell struek.as showaLin.thA.above.pictur« just «s th» G'st jnin passed.) TTis second fill alrcost in^the^
same place, barely missing the second gun, while the third struck, come fifteen feet to the right of the
.road. The escape of the British gunners -was lucky, not one being touched.
GOOD GUNNERY ON THE PART OF THE BOERS. . w
Further Fighting Occurs at Karee Siding, the Oppos
ing Artillery Exchanging Compliments
at Long Range.
Great Column of Water Thrown High Into the Air
When the Heavy Charge of Mitro-Gelatin
Expanded.
Thousands of People Line the Shores
of the Bay to Witness the
JL>li> GAUlUolUIl.
Thrust Back From One Strong Position
They Prepare for the Fray
Jat?i. : byMfc 'igfiittjfioi'tentftUiht '¦ he : has
coinrnunlcu,ted specially with -fcls. Govern
ment'regarding,'' ,the~- influx 'ofY Japanese
during, the last few months. He keeps si
lence regarding' contents of communica
tions that have passed ;hetween himself
and - ; his Government, and shows
anxiety to make out that the number of
Japanese -coming to this country is not
nearly so great as reported.
As to the possibility '/ of ' international
complications arising through any abuse
of Japanese that may be caused by the
growing sentiment against their ccmlng
here to compete at small wages with
American labor. Count Mutsu simply says
that he relies too much on the justice of
American tribunals to fear any such re
sults. He relies, too, Implicitly, he says,
on the courts here punishing any offend
ers against the peace of Japanese -resi
dents to believe that his country will ever
have cause for complaint.
This is all' pretty sentiment, but human
passions are not controlled by sentiment,
especially when the acquirement of daily
bread is at the bottom of the agitation.
Remembrance of how the Chinese were
treated before the passape of the exclu
sion act. when the, feeling against them
was at the highest- pitch, naturally gives
rise to apprehensions, as to what may hap
pen to the incoming Japanese coolies.
A dispatch from Seattle,- published. here
yesterdav morning, stated that "Japanese
Consul Shokmo" of that city "had re
ceived a dispatch from the Consul at San
Francisco to Join in the cabled request of
all the Japanese Consuls on the coast to
their Government 'to stop further Japa
nese emigration to this country," and that
"Shokmo had wired a strong protest to
the Japanese Government."
Consul Mutsu denied yesterday that he
had sent any dispatch to Seattle. »
.The Mikado's Consuls on this coast are
keeping a watchful eye on the situation
brought about by the arrival of the hordes
of Japanese; laborers in this country. It
is thought *! that", alarm ;is-" filling their
breasts at', the probable results when the
laboring men.:, here • become; thoroughly
aroused, and'that much secret correspond
ence ls ? goin^'on between the 'Japanese
Government fuid Its representatives In this
country anerit' the situation* 'ft~.'~z ' -\
ThoMapanepe Consul in this city;' Count
Hirokchl Mut*u, denies that "any alarm cx-
Government "of the Mikado Watches
the Situation, but Tak»s No Ac
tion Relative to Bsstrict
ing Immigration.
' Special Dispatch to The Ca'l.
CALL HEAi>QUARTEIlS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, April ,30.—California's
Congressional-delegation has been
for.several xvssks considering means
for j checking- _undesirabl9 Japanese
immigration.: V' Bs'prssentativo de
Vries has prepared a bill providing
for the'restriction, if not exclusion, of
the incoming hordes of the Mikado's
subjects. Hoyevcr, - De Vries i will
await developments b«fora introduc
ing this mosCiraportaiit measure.
. Representatives" Loud and Kahn
were informedpsy; Secretary of State
Hay to-day^.that'the State Depart
ment was not'|awar a of any, action
being taken.! by -.the Government
of Japan r^ative to the restriction of
Japanese immigration-
JAPANESE CONSUL
HERE IS WATCHFUL
CALIFORNiANS ARE '
IIIrIdy to act
Representative De Vries Has
Preparedja Most Im
portant ./Bill."
RESTRICTS
JAPANESE
COOLIES
BOERS WILL OFFER
STOUT RESISTANCE
FEARFUL SHAG ROCK
BLOWN OFF THE MAP MAP
prSAN:FEAlSreiSCd;c TUESDAY,; MAY 1, 1900.
ToiiUaiB Lxxxvn-xo. iG2.
PRICE GENTS.
< .;¦;:¦:
*¦¦-¦:¦¦
The San Francisco Call
ANOTHER LITERARY TREAT!
: Riidyaipd; KipHBg"
• „ "WILL APPEAR IN
THE GALL^O-MtORROW
It deals with the wounded, depicting their sorrows
and their hopes as only Kipling can.^ ;«*-«* •**'. '
Jit, ONE OF THE MOST GRAPHIC PEN PICTURES EVER PRESENTED. J|lfc
DON^T MISS IT! I **<* [ DON'T MISS IT!CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, .WASHINGTON, April 30.—
Naval coercion of Turkey to obtain a set
tlement of American missionary claims Is
not contemplated by the administration.
This statement Is made upon high author
ity., Drastic measures against the Turk
have been urged by former Minister An
gell, by politicians on behalf of mission
aries and by ministers of the gospel, but
the President and Secretary Hay have not
considered their suggestions. The admin
istration is well satisfied with the conces
sions made by the Sublime Porte, and
while it is anxious that the Sultan shall
keep his promise to pay the.claims It feels
that he already has been considerate oi
this Government In permitting the recon
struction of the American mission in Har
poot and in the extension of the Roberta
College in Constantinople.
. It is authoritatively stated that the lat
est note presented to the Porte by Mr.
Griscom. the American Charge d' Affaires,
Is not an ultimatum, but Is merely a repe
tition of the demand for a settlement.
There is no disposition in the State De
partment to unduly hasten the Porte'b
answer. While an evasive reply Is ex
pected. . an official ¦ said to-day that the
Government would calmly await the out
come, believing that it would be satisfac
tory to Turkey as well as the United
States."' This official said the President
contemplated only as a remote possibility
a severance of diplomatic relations, and
this possibility haU almost entirely disap
peared as a result of the concessions the
Sultan has already made.
It is likely from all that can be learned
that the extent of the expression of dis
pleasure by this Government at the con
tinued failure of the Porte to pay the
claims will be the maintenance of a
charge d'affaires in Constantinople." Min
ister Straus Is not expected to return, and
until the claims are settled it is not pro
posed that any Minister shall be sent to
Turkey. The conclusion of the adminis
tration not to adopt the suggestions that
this Government make a naval demonstra
tion in Turkish waters is undoubtedly due
to knowledge that Europe would resent
the entrance of the United States into the
Turkish question.
There is -some reason to believe that a
powerful effort is being put forth by the
Turkish Government to compromise the
missionary claims • ¦ unofficially. The
method which is looked upon as most
feasible is that connected with the build
ing of a warship for Turkey In the United
States. If the claimants chose to receive
the amount of their claims from an Amer
ican ship builder Instead of through the
State Department, thereby removing from
the department the basis for further pros
ecution of Its demand upon the Porte,
some interesting point3 of International
law might be raised. It would seem that
once committed to the State Department,
an International claim cannot be with
drawn without the consent of the depart
ment, though whether there would be a
refusal inthis case cannot be stated.
LONDON, May 1.— The Constantinople
correspondent of the Standard say3: "It
is tolerably certain mat .a settlement
with the United States Is not far distant,
since not only is Turkey averse to seeing
a precedent established for making na
val demonstrations, but several other
powers are. disquieted over the active In
terference of the United States, which in
troduces a new element • Into the Eastern
question and offers an example which
might easily be followed by Great Brit
ain."
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
Latest Note to the Forte Only a
Repetition of the. Request for
Payment of American
United States Will Not Press
Its Demands for a
Settlement. .
NO INTENTION
TO COERCE THE
TURKISH RULER
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Evening Reception Held in the Pavilion Theater
Which the : Keys^of the Citjr^ere
J '/¦••". Turned Over to! the Visitors.
Foresters * of America arid Grand
Army Veteran s Welcomed
by Citizens.
TWO CONVENTIONS
AT SAN LUIS OBISPO
SEATTLE. April 30.— The big steam col
lier Willamette was floated this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Apparently she did not sus
tain serious damage by. the fire on Sun
day and her subsequent scuttling for the
purpose of extinguishing the flames.
l*umps were at work, early this morning
and it is estimated that more than a mil
lion gallons of water were pumped out be
fore the vessel floated. There Is ntlll more
oi less water In her hold, but it will be
pumped out to-morrow ..
Willamette Floated.
WOODLAND, April 30.— J. F. Supple, an
employe of the railroad chops at Sacra
mento, was robbed of his watch and chain
and $40 on the railroad track near Wood
land on Sunday night. He came over from
Sacramento with a man he had never seen
before and was Induced to take a walk
along the track. About a mile north of
this city four men. who evidently were
confederates of the stranger, held them up
and committed the robbery. Thw stranger
disappeared with the other footpads, and
no trace of any of them has been obtained.
Robbed by Footpads.
Fr»olal DirrvHch.to The Call
Census Enumerators.
Ppf dal Dl«r>atch to The Call. . ,-
WOODLAND. April SO.— The census enu
merators : appointed "for ;'thlsJ-con"ntyVare
George Lovejoy. E. . Fj.;.Hcbener,.JIayes
Gable," C. P. Balzarl,UGeorg;etHemenway
Guy Minor. Lee Millsap, .Mrs. 'ALaggie Al
len, Lemuel. North- and Harmon ¦ Tabor.
Two : other •appointments* are -rtv *be 'an- 
nounced. and the presumption is that Miss
Myra Ward and Walter Hlnsdill will be
the lucky applicants. . .
Denies All Rumors That She Contem
plates Matrimony.- :
BERLIN, April 30.— Mrhe. Melba pub
lished this evening through Herr .Wolf,
the Impresario, a Statement that air re
ports representing her as contemplating
marriage are entirelywlthout'foundation,
including the report that she would marry
Haddon Chambers. The statement con
cludes: 1 .- v- ; '!'¦•-- :
"Any further tales of this kind will be
equally unfounded, even If the most prom
inent newspapers should .publish them."
Postoffice Appointments and List of
;!^V;v; Pensions Granted.
Special DlFDatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 30.— Pensions-
California: Increase — Francis Louis
Chandler, I«os Angeles, $8f John Gumbin
ger, Los Aitgles, $8; George T. Ward,
Boulder Creek, 58; Lorenzo^D. Allen,: San
Francisco, $8; Ambrose P. S. Hughes,
Stockton, $8.' Original widows, special-ac
crued April 13— E'la Dodge. Blue Lake, $g.
Washington: : Additional — Andrew . , F.
Perkins, Colvil'.e, $8. Increase— Thomas
O'Rouke, Spokane, $8; Robert Daugherty,
Spokane, $10. '¦ -- '
Oregon: increase— Lewis C. Ray,-Port
land, $S: Gustav A. Wllpret, Portland. $8.
War with Spain, original— Jacob C. "Bins,
The Dalles, $6.
A" postoffice has been established at
Kasaan, Alaska, Louis A. Babcock, Post
maBter.
Postmasters appointed: California — G.
L. Brady, Dos.Palos, Merced County, vice
F. L. Bowen, resigned. William M. Wil
son, Maybert.
Oregon— Q.. K. Kronenberg, Parkers
burgh. Cods County, vice Ottille Parker,
deceased. " ' •
Washington — Loid Hutching, Camden.
Stevens County. . vice Minnie Kelly, re-
Mgned; M. M. Pittinger, Southslde.,Doug
las County, vice W. B. Estes, resigned.
MELBA NOT TO MARRY.
Charge Made That an Effort Is Being
Made to Freeze Out Former
Manager Robinson. -
Special Dlppatch' to The Call. ." ."'
LOS ANGELES. April 30.— Through the
legal entanglements in -which the cele
brated Copper World mine, owned by the
Ivanpah Mining Company, is now. snarled
the fact was to-day develdped that on
April 13 an attempt was made to blow up
the mine in order to ruin the ore chutes
and depreciate the value of the property.
This direct charge Is made by .W. E.
Robinson, former manager and part
owner, who asserts that his associates
are attempting to freeze him out. This
charge is substantiated in the affidavit of
a miner named G. M. - Boyd. who avers
that one and a half kegs of powder were
placed in shafts and that by their explo
sion great quantities of earth were dis
turbed. Robinson claims that the mine is,
worth $3,000,000. and that the men em
ployed do work as they please and; that
no responsible head is found to properly
manage so valuable a piece of property.
INTERESTS THE • COAST.
ATTEMPT TO DESTROY .
COPPER WORLD MINE
The bill for a constitutional amendment
to. disqualify polveamists for election
as. Senators and Representatives and to
prohibit polygamy, which was reported by
the Committee on the election of Presi
dent. Vice President and Representatives
in Congress, was referred to the Commit
tee oq Judiciary after meeting opposition
from both eides of the House. Every
speaker who antagonized the bill said he,
opposed polygamy, but did not Pee any
reason for legislating in the constitution
and invading the rights of the States.
. The House agreed to the conference re
port on the joint resolution extending the
tenure of military offlcers in Porto Rico
WASHINGTON. April 30.— The House
to-day passed the Lacey bill to enlarge
the powers of the Department of Agricul
ture and to prohibit" interstate commerce
In game killed in violation of local laws.
It authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture
to provide for the introduction and res
toration of game and inscetivorous wild
birds. It gives him the power to prevent
the introduction of undesirable foreign
birds and animals and prevents the kill
ing of game In violation of State laws fov
concealed nhipment to States where it
may be sold in the open market.
The Senate bill to create a commission
of .five to investigate and report, upon the
commercial and Industrial conditions In
Japan and China was debated at length
but was vigorously antagonized by the
Democrats, and they finally succeeded in
striking out the enacting clause in com
mittee. This motion was pending when
the House adjourned. If the motion pre
vails in the Hou?e the bill is dead.
Provides for the Introduction and
Restoration of Desirable
Species of Insectivor
ous Birds.
Bill Giving Increased Au
thority to Agricultural
Department.
EXTINCTION OF
WILD GAME TO
BE PREVENTED
SAN PEDRO. April SO.— A Norwegian
known as "Chris, the Cook" died here this
morning about 10:30 o'clock from the ef
fects of injuries received at the hands of
John Coleman. a noprro sailor, in a fight
In Happy Valley a week ago. Coleman is
in Jail here and refuses to talk, except to
pay; that the fight was forced upon him
»nd'he act^d in solf -defense.
Fatally Injured in a Fight.
Turner of Washington opposed Jones'
amendment, •: holding \that the Carter
amendment Ought ta be adopted. .He. de-.
dared '.-.'.that' hundreds- and thousands of
claims in the Cape Nome district had been
located .by persons in- the ¦interest of the.
various • transportation .companies and
were now held by these. companies. ;, He
said these -locations -were illegal and
fraudulent and were therefore- a proper
subject of legislation by Congress. He fur
ther declared. In response .to /inquiries,
that these claims-were -located by aliens
in the employ of the North American
Transportation: Company and other trans
portation companies. When pressed as to
how he knew these locations were "fraud
ulent-and illegal." he .said he understood
that a majority of the locators, who werei
employes of the transportation companies,
were aliens. 1 '¦ .
Corporations .Own the Claims.
Turner maintained that the whole coun
try in the Cape Nome district had been
gobbled up in the interest of. these big
companies, which were now holding -the
claims to the detriment of hundreds of
American miners. . .¦¦: ;':¦,'.'. , ,"¦¦
Turner caused to be read a l«tter. ; from
an American miner who had been in Cape
Nome, saying that the Laplanders ¦ who
had gone to the district in the employ of
th$ United -States had been employed by
the: 'transportation companies' to? locate,
these claims, the companies paying about
$2 a claim for* the locations.,..^ : :
Hansbrough . made an earnest appeal in
behalf of the Carter amendment. He held
that an alien on the public domain was a
trespasser, and had no right to treatment
better than that accorded a trespasser.
"The American miners." declared Hans
brough. "will not stand idly by 'and see
claims usurped by men who have no right
to them." - " " ' •
Hansbrough asserted his belief that
there was a monster conspiracy in the op
position to the amendment to grab' the
richest gold fields on the face of the earth,
and that the conspirators were the mil- '
llonaires and corporations that had ac
quired the claims in the Cape Nome dls-j
trlct - '¦¦ ' —" '-¦ : i
When consideration of the Alaskan civil
code bill was resumed the pending ques
tion was the amendment of Carter .of
Montana; in charge of the bill. Jones of
Arkansas offered an amendment striking
out of Carter's amendment all but the fol
lowing: "That nothing in this act.con
tained shall be construed as changing the
existing mining laws of the .United
States.'S • ;' . ; .' .. ; *-V
Ayes — Allen. Bate, Chandler, Clay, Hale.
Harris. Heitfeld. Hoar. Jones of Arkansas.
Kenny. McCufnber. McKnery. Martin. Mason,
PetUsrew, Ross, Teller, Turner. Vest— ; 20-
Noes— Aldrich, Allison, " Bard. Carter. . Clark
of Wyomir.K. Davis, Fairbanks, Foster, Frye,
Gallinger, Gear, Hawley, Jones of Nevada,
Kean, Lodge, McComas, Morgan, Nelson. Pen-,
rose, Perkins. Pettus. Platt of Connecticut;
Platt of New York. Sewell. Shoup, Stewart,
Sullivan, Warren, 1 Wolcott— 23. •.¦ . ' ¦.'".•""
Pettigrew, after .ascertaining that his
resolution expressing sympathy for the
Boers, which was before the Senate when
the body adjourned on, Saturday, had
gone to the calendar, moved to take ¦ up
the resolution. On this motion the ayes
and noes were demanded. It was defeat
ed, 29 to 20, as follows: - : ;
WASHINGTON, April 3O.-^Agaih to-<3ay
the question of expressing- 'sympathy Tor
the- Boers was thrust upon the attention
of the Senate. This time it icame up on a,
motion to proceed to the consideration of;
the resolution introduced by Pettlgrew.*
which was. before the Senate last Satur
day. The motion was defeated, 29 to 20.
The conference report on tho joint reso
lution relating to the administration of
civil affairs in Porto Rico and providing
for the appointment of temporary officers
on the island was agreed to. -¦'•¦- ."'/.
During- the greater part of the session
the Alaskan civil code bill was under con
sideration, but no progress was made.
ITtsolutions. offered by Jones ofArkan-'
sas were agreed to calling for information
regarding alleged irregular practices of
William H. Theobald, special treasury
agent at New York.
• Vote on Boer Resolution.
In the, Debate on Alaskan Code Bill
. It Is Claimed, Corporations Are' -
Getting All of the Nome;. l.-vH
v< :: ¦.''•.;:••. :.\: •".•Gold Claims. )> : <°m'=':'-';-°:
Senate Defeats Consideration
by a Vote of 29
to 20. '#- ¦; }
REFUSES TO
TAKE UP BOER
RESOLUTION
Guests View a Beautiful Sight Within the
Auditorium During the Naval Ball
at Night, r >.V /../••.'-. 6:1 vSS
Thousands Cheer the Hero of
Manila While Cannon Boom
Their Salute.
CHICAGO HONORS
ADMIRAL DEWEY
CHICAGO. April 2O.-Amidthe booming
f cannon and the cheers of hundreds of
people Admiral George Dewey arrived in
Chicago to-day. For the next three days
he will be the guest of this city, and the
programme for his entertainment will
tske up nearly every moment until his de
rart'jrc on Thursday mcrninjj for Jack
sonville. III.
The special train bearing the admiral
and Mrs. IX-wey, Lieutenant Caldwell, his
secretary, and Lieutenant Crawford was
met near South Chicago by another Fpe
cial carrying the general executive com
mittee of the Dewey celebration and in»
oludir.g Mayor Harrison, lion. Charles M.
Plamor.rtcm and the admiral's son, George
Goodwin Dewey.
•The admirals train arrived at the
Grand Central depot, at Fifth avenue and
Harrison street, six minutes ahead ot
schedule time. 21 o'clock. A strong pla
toon of police had been stationed at the
platform gates, and the immense crowd
which had congregated in the streets sur
rounding the station and packed almost
to suffocation the bis depot building It
ec!f was not allowed to go inside the train
ttied.
The moment the whltc-mustached naval
hero was seen a rear of cheers went up
from, the fortunate ones inside the sta
ti£i and tvus quickly taken up by the
thousands in the stret-ts. Kscortcd by the
members of the general executive com
mittee. Admiral Dewey and Lieutenants
Caldweil and Crawford proceeded down
the lung platfcrm and mounted the steps
leading to the driveway, where carriages
were in waiting.
Mrs. Dewey, who was somewhat fa
tigued by the long journey from Wash
ington, did not accompany Admiral
Ifcewey on his ride through r 'jhe downtown
street*, but, escorted by the special com-,
mittee of the woman's reception commit
tee—Mrs. Byron Lathrop. Mrs. Carter h.
Harrison fcnd Mrs. Charles A. Plamondon ;
—went direct to the Annex, where she
retted until the arrival of Admiral
Dewey. .
Guns Roar a Welcome.
The route to the Annex was on Fifth
avenue to Jackson boulevard, thence down
Michigan avenue. Along those streets
were gathered crowds that literally pack
ed the pidewalks. The cheering that start
«d at- the depot swept along. the streets
bs the admiral and his party were slowly
driven to their apartments, the applause
being almost without -cessation until the
admiral entered the hotel. As the party
reached the corner of Jackson boulevard
und Dearltorn street a signalman on the
top of tbe Great . Northern Hotel wig
v.agped that fact to a land -battery stand
in the Chicago. Rock Island and Pacific j
Hallway yarrts and to the officers of the
revenue cutter. Morrill and the United
States ship Michigan in the harbor. In
etantly the land battery roared out the
admiral's salute of seventeen guns, while
the gunr, of the -ships were fired in the
twenty-one guns of the tfiaval salute. '_• .-
At i:3u p. m. an informal luncheon was
given Admiral and Mrs. Dewey by the
v.-oman'g reception committee.- J^ater. a
delegation cf Canadians called -on thead-'
miral and "presented him with a formal
invitation to be present at a reception to
he given in his honor at Hill Terrace. Port
Stanley. Ontario, on any day In July conv
venlentf to the admiral. Admiral Dewey
In reply thanked the Canadians very cor
dially for the Invitation.
"Of all the evidences of good willshown
me since my arrival in'New York last Oc
tober," said he. "non^ has touched me
more deeply than this. We are of the same
blocd. There is but slight difference be
tween us and I want to say that the cm*
man who stood at my back during those
trying days at Manila was an English
man. But for his support and the moral
courage he inspired me with I don't know
what would have happened. I refer to Sir
Charles Seymour.". . • • ¦'¦•¦'•;
The admiral said that his engagements
were many and that he was not prepared
to state offhand -whether or not he would
accept tho invitation. ..••.•' ¦¦'
Scene at the NavalBall.
ICtver in tho history of the great Audi
torium has there been within Its walls a
Fight more beautiful than that revealed
to-night when tho great ball given in
honor of Admiral Dewey was at Its height.
It v/as a decisive success from first to
last in all details, from the decorations on
the walls to the reception proper. There
w^re present perhaps somewhat too many
people to allow of all dancing in comfort,
but when the dance programme proper
was fairly under way the older, people
Fought the boxes and the spacious foyer,
leaving the floor to the younger people,
who used it until daybreak. Fully 2000
persons were present.
It being a naval ball the predominating
decorations were of white and green. A
canopy. was drawn over the hall, making
it resemble a huge white-capped wave,
the deep green at the bottom shading
softly into the purest white at the top
most edge. At intervals around the tiers
of boxes were placed white galleons.'
which seemingly started from the mist of
bunting and dellcate-hued electric lights
which concealed them a few feet from the
prow, where dolphins arose from tho im
aginary sea below. Above each galleon
arose a towering mast bearing. in. relief a
lion's head and fluttering with the signal
flags of the navy. Behind the figurehead
of each galleon stood a sailor — a veteran
of the Spanish-American war— who saw
active service in the Caribbpan Sea. Un
til after the admiral left the hall these
men stood steadily peering out over the
prow "of the fanciful and beautiful ships.
Long festoons of electric lights, marked
alternately by yellow lantorns and Japan
ese lanterns of many shades, hung from
top to top of the great white masts ex
tending around the. hall. On the right
and the left of what is usually the stage
of the great theater were erected plat
forms of honor, upon the first of which
the admiral and Mrs. Dewey were seated,
within hand-shaking distance of those
upon the dancing floor. ITpon the second
platform were seated Mayor and Mrs.
Harrison. »."„ :-. .„.'• :.i.
Admiral Shakes Many Hands.
At 9 o'clock the patronesses and man
agers of the ball, who formed the recep
tion committee, entered the ballroom. At
the right of the line as it formed to re
ceive the guests stood Mayor Harrison,
then followed a long line of managers and
patronesses. When 'Admiral and Mrs.
Dewey entered' they were followed by a
throng of less distinguished guests.- Im
mediately behind the admiral came, with
their wives, the naval officers on duty in
Chicago and the offlcers of the United
States steamer Michigan. Behind the
navy came the army, headed by Major
General James F. Wade and Mrs. Wade,
officers of General Wade's staff, with their
wives, and officers of the garrison at Fort
Sheridan and their wives. Officers of the
revenues service, followed arid behind them
came officers .of- the Illinois National
Guard, closing the j)rocesslon of the city's
guests.- ••••. ¦:--.' .' • -'- ." ':
• -The admiral and Mrs. Dewey. after they
had exchange*! greetings with the mem
bers of the. reception committee, took
their stand at Mayor Harrison's right and.
to them were presented the guests of the
city who had followed them into the hall.
Then came in long lines the guests of
the balL all who desired being afforded
an .opportunity of greeting the admiral i
ajid his wife. There, was no grand march,
the admiral's party retiring to his box
when the line of guests had passod and
the orchestra striking up De Koven's two
step. "The Dragoons," the floor was sur
rendered to the dancers. . .
At midnight the admiral and Mrs.
Dewey left the hall for a luncheon in their
honor given in an adjoining room by Ho
bart C. Chatfield-Taylor. and then, after
returning to the ballroom for a brief in
terval he and his party retired.
Dried Fruit Association Has Not Se
cured the Required Acreage.
Special ;; Dts?a*tch ' to" The Call.v"^
SAN JOSE, April 30.— The California
Dried • Fruit Association, which ¦ was or
ganized; for the purpose of handling the
dried prune.' crop,' has -not secured the
requisite control of 90 per '• cent : of the
crop, : ajid another extension of time < in
which to . acquire it will , be ' asked of the
packers at their meeting Wednesday If
the packers .. refuse to grant tho exten
sion; of time - the California Dried Fruit
Association will .abandon its .. project
Those-atthe head of the prune-growers
believe some time will be granted them
however. . . .„ .. '
Brazil's Celebration.
RIO, BE .JANEIRO, April 30.— The Por
tuguese cruiser. Don f Carlos . has arrived
here; with General Cunl la.*. the special en
voy of the King^ of ; Portugal, to: attend
the four, hundredth anniversary of the
discovery of Brazil. *
WANT EXTENSION OF TIME.
Committee Considers His Explana
tion Unsatisfactory and Demands,
His Resignation.
Special cable to The Cal I and New York Her
, aid.. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub-
Ushtnc Company.
LONDON, April 30.— The case of the Due
d'Orleans has now\ been settled by the
Bachelors' Club.
At an adjourned meeting of the commit
tee a communication was read from the
Due d'Orleans explaining his conduct In
relation. to the attacks made by a certain
section, of the French press upon the
Queen. : . -
His explanation was considered very un
satisfactory and a resolution was unani
mously passed calling upon the Due" d'Or
leans to resign his membership of the
club. :
ORLEANS MUST LEAVE
THE BACHELORS' CLUB
FRANKFORT, Ky.. April 20.— Five of
the defendants charged with complicity
or as accessories^ in the murder of "Wil
liam Goebel were arraigned this afternoon
before Judge Cantrill. They were: Repub
lican Secretary of State Caleb Powers,
Captain John W.. Davis. Harland "Whitta
ker. .W. H. Culton and Richard Combs
(colored). All of them entered pleas of
not guilty. Henry E. Youtsey, who previ
ously,had been arraigned and pleaded not
guilty, joined with the other prisoners in
asking for a change of venue.
After the arraignment ex-Governor John
Young Brown, for the defense, tendered
pardons granted by Republican Governor
Taylor to Caleb Powers and John Davis
and offered them as a bar to the prosecu
tion. In presenting the pardons ex-Gover
nor Brown said that he did so as a mat
ter of form and not with the hope that
the court would sustain the motion for
dismissal. Judge Cantrill, in overruling
the motion, said:
"The alleged pardons are not Rood In
law. The title to the office of Governor Is
in dispute and the litigation over it is
still pending in a court. Several of the
courts have passed on the questions at
issue and- those that have so passed there
on Jecided that' Mr. Taylor is not Gover
nor and was not at the time these pre
tended pardons were granted."
The petitions for changes of venue were
then made. The prosecution entered an
objection and filed counter affidavits The
defense maintained that it was Impossi
ble in the present state of public feeling
for. the. defendants to obtain a fair and
impartial trial in this community. The
counter affidavits stated that there was no
such feeling as would prevent a fair and
impartial trial. Both sides presented a
lengthy list of witnesses, who were called
to give testimony as to the state of feeling
and the question as to whether a fair trial
could be ordered here.
Three witnesses were heard on the side
of the prosecution In regard to the change
of venue. The hearing of evidence on this
question will probably take up most of the
day to-morrow.
SUSPECTS APPEAL FOR
A CHANGE OF VENUE
was begun in the United States Supreme
Court at 12:30 to-day. The first presenta
tion was made on behalf of Governor Tay
lor by Attorney Helm Bruce. Bruce was
accompanied by a"number of "distinguished
Kentuckians and the lobby was, crowded.
The members of the court were present
and from the beginning gave close atten
tion to Bruce' s plea. '
Bruce said that Taylor's contention was
for constitutional liberty and that it was
waged in a court of justice and'not on a
field of carnage, because in entering the
Union Kentucky had 'surrendered its right
of resistance. Ho. came to this court, on
the basis of tho principle laid down in an
opinion of the former court that the arbi
trary exercise of power of government un
restrained for private rights and justice
could not be tolerated. Bruce reviewed
the case at length upon its merits, con
tending that after the issuance of the
certificate of election Taylor was as much
the Governor of Kentucky as any man
tvho. had ever been "inaugurated for that
office. He denied that the legislative ad
judication was any adjudication at all,
contending that to oust Taylor by this
process would be to deprive him of his
office by despotic power and not by due
process of law.
Democrats Took Secret Action.
Referring to the contest before the Ken
tucky legislature, he said that the report
of the committee of investigation present
ed no evidence and stated no fact and that
it was made to a secret meeting of the
Assembly, of which no Republican mem
ber had been notified. In this connection
he referred at length to the charge that
the ballots -used were thinner than re
quired by law. If this was true, he said,
the wrong was that of 'the State if wrong
had been committed ; ; surely one-third of
the voters of the State could not be de
prived of the right of, franchise on such a
plea/ Bruce was followed' by. Hon.' Law
rence Maxwell in Governor Beekham's,in
terest. He said that the constitution of
Kentucky made the Legislature the adju
dicator in contests for State offices in that
State. The proceeding in this case had
been in accordance with - the law under
the constitution. There had been no au
thority, ns was claimed on. the other side,
for dissolving the Legislature by Gover
nor Taylor.' Maxwell contended . that the
case ; presented no . Federal question and
that, therefore, the' Federal Supreme
Court had no jurisdiction. The Kentucky
State. Court of Appeals had decided that
Taylor had never acquired title to the of
fice of . Governor under the constitution
and laws of the State.. The decision was
final, and a" national court had no part
to play in the proceedings. As to the cer
tificate of election from the State Board
of Canvassers, it was merely a writing
showing the returns of the election offi
cers. It was no evidence of validity -. : of
title in view of the conclusion reached by
the constitutional authority, which was
the State Legislature.,- .
a State Question..'
In view of the.' fact that; the case was
merely a State question. Maxwell: thought
it unnecessary to consider, the application
of-, the- fourteenth amendment -of- the. con
stitution concerning .the; taking; of
erty without ¦ due • process ¦ of • law. As •'-. a
matter of fact-.that l amendment. could be
brought^ into requisition only on a case
where a right had accrued and that;, was
not true in this instance: The decision of
the ' Kentucky court shows that>Taylor
WASHINGTON. April 30.— The argu
ment in the Kentucky Governorship case
Republicans Contend That They Are
Striving Only for the Right •
• of Constitutional
Liberty.
Counsel for Taylor and
Beckham Before Su
preme Court.
KENTUCKY'S
GOVERNORSHIP
CASE ARGUED
Louis McQuown also appeared for Beck
ham, goine over all the points at issue.
"When McQuown had concluded the court
adjourned for the day. Ex-Governor
Bradley, who Is to make the concluding
speech for Governor Taylor, ,ls ; the only
attorney, still to be heard. • . -
had never held any title to the office
claimed by him.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1900.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 30.—
The judges of the Intercollegiate debate
which will be held at Metropolitan Hall in
San Francisco next Saturday evening
were appointed to-day. They are the Hon.
Erskine M. Ross and Thomas P. Hawley,
Judges of the Federal District Courts,
and Hon. John A. Cooper. Supreme Court
Commissioner of California. The ques
tion which will be discussed is: "Resolved.
That the guarantees of the constitution
should extend to all persons and terri
tory under the permanent control of the
United States, except to persons living in
tribal relations." Stanford will support
the affirmative.
Debate Judges.
Special Disratch- to The Call
S. A. Bryan Summoned Before the
Court in Yolo County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.,
WOODLAND, April 30.— S. A. Bryan,
under a pretense of taking her for a short
ride, abducted and secreted his 11-year-old
daughter, Bellah. last Friday. He made
his reappearance Saturday night but re
fused to tell the whereabouts of the child.
To-day Judge Gaddls granted a writ of
habeas corpus commanding Bryan to pro
duce the child or show cause why he
should not. The writ is made returnable
May 7. An order was also issued enjoin
ing Bryan from selling any of his prop
erty. -
CONCEALED HIS CHILD.
dom anywhere In the city from cellar to
garret. . . . i „ ...
Responses were made on behalf of
the Grand , Court. F. of -A.; by Grand
Chief Ranger J. W.- Hughes of Sacra
mento, and on behalf of the G. A. R. and
W. -R. c. by Department Commander A.
P. Dill of San Diego. The entertainment
and reception brightened campflres : and
forests until a late hour. ..." • ¦
To-morrow, will be the gala day of the
great Joint celebration. John" Whicher of
this committee has made arrangements
for an elaborate parade. A local member
of the Order of Foresters will act asgrand
marshal. . . ,
For election to the position of depart
ment commander of the'G. A. R. the fol
lowing names are mentioned: H. C Dib
ble of San Francisco. Frank Miller of
Sacramento, J. G. Giesting of San Fran
cisco and A. J. Bell of Ventura. Upon* the
best of i authority It is conceded that
Comrade A. J.* Bell will be elected. Hon.
Stephen D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo
will be chosen senior vice^ commander,
G. A. R., without opposition. " =
In the Woman's Relief Corps there Is
promise of an exciting, contest, which
probably will be settled on the first bal
lot.-for the position of department presi
dent for California and Nevada. The can
didates for this honor will be Mrs. Ida L.
Jarvls of Pasadena and Cora A. Merritt
of Oakland. Southern California has been
twice represented by this honor and the
Oakland candidate has been twice defeat
ed at election. . The contest Is exciting
keen interest. . .
A. K..Asher will be the next chief ranger
and Warren M. John, now grand trustee,
will be_prOmoted to grand junior beadle
of the-F. of A.
Pacific Grove, Santa- Barbara and San
Francisco are mentioned for place of
meeting of the next State Encampment
of the'G." A. R. Pacific Grove will win out
if San Francisco does not contest for it.
PROGRAMME.
:_. Monday, -April 30— Reception at pavilion, 9 p. m. All shake hands and look
cheerful. . . ; ¦ ¦•.; ¦ "• '-"..V^. .'¦''!'" •\-X-:t ' • '¦¦ ... —. '-'. £~.*"'~_ c . -£. *.. ¦*'-
''¦>'„ Tuesday/ May t-Business' session. 10 a. m.- Grand parade. 1:30. p.;m. ;. those
¦ in ;'.llne_ will be permitted to view the grand offlcers. Entertainment at pa
vilion at, 8 p.m.; all may dance who can procure partners. . ,
"-'^ Wednesday, May 2— Business session, 10 a.m.' Business session, 1:30 p. m.
> Go-as you'please in'the evening. '.\~
Thursday, May 3— Partake of light breakfast and prepare for excursion
and barbecue; eat, drink and be merrj'. Aid digestion by keeping time with
the fiddlers at the Tavern ;de Ramona in the evening.
Friday, May 4— Business session, 10 a., m.; to be repeated in the afternoon
if necessary. Camp fire at pavilion at 8 p. m.;- Grand Army Veterans and
Foresters of America will be assisted on this occasion by the public. The
bill of fare will consist in part of music, interrupted by general conversa
tlon.;; Pork and beans with chin music and , hard tack.- Recitations and
stories, some. of which are true. Speeches by those who .know how. Songs
by local warblers. More P. and B. .with army coffee." War. reminiscences,
some. of which have never, been published.- Conversation/Interrupted by
'music. Break into groups of four and congratulate each other that you are
alive. War dance. Auld Lang Syne. r ' - : . '
• SAN LUIS OBISPO. April SO.— This city
is wearing her gayest livery in prepara
tion for a hearty welcome to the twelfth
annual session ". of the Grand Court of
Foresters of "America and the thirty-third
annual encampment of the Department of
California and Nevada of the Grand
Army of the Republic.
' • Tho leading hotels and places of busi
ness, courthouse, city hall and many resi
dences fare decorated; in profusion, with
bunting, flags, shields, portraits and erri
blems of the two great organizations. ,
; The hotel's are crowded with guests and
many private residences' have thrown
open their doors to entertain the dele
gates.""' > -¦ -¦¦.'»-..• ¦; "¦¦"¦-.: .¦' ¦--¦„-* .-¦''.¦ •!
¦This afternoon at, 4 o'clock the special
train; from' Sati Frantfsco ' arrived ' with
cars gayly. dressed. • =^. v ' "- "'¦ ; • ¦•' •
To-nighf at ~the;Pavilidn Theater a rous
ing ' reception was" given the visitors. . The
San Luis Obispo military, band of sixteen
pieces, led by = Knight,^rendered
many popular ' selections."^ - Mrs. A./J.
Monihon aqd - William "'. Knight, soloists,
sang. and ; ,Miss E.York recited. - Then,. on
behalf of > Court Star No. S3, San Luis
Obispo, Warren M.; John, in a few words,
welcomed the. Grand Court .of Foresters
of America, and Rev.. G.W. Swift receiv
ed, on behalf of Fred Steele Post. G. A.
R., of- this city, the State encampment of
G. A. R. and department of the W. R. C..
California and Nevada. On behalf v of the
citizens of San Luis Obispo. Mayor Wil
liam Shipsey in a few words of hearty
welcome, .spiced with -good wit and play
ful Irish humor, delivered the keys of
the city— good large keys which fitted
large, generous hearts— to each great or
ganization. F. of 3 A. and G. A. R.
W R. C. These keys were good for free-
2
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
CALL FOR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEND FOR CIP.CUL.AnS AND TESTIMO-
NIALS" OK THE GRKAT HUDYAN. FREK.
* * of tbe Hurfyoo Remedy
I DUL 1 UIlO I by letter or Jo person.
* . ' — ' : * Write your symptom*.
WOMEN!
Backache In women is one of the lead-
Ing symptoms of ' disease of the deli-
r— w cdt« ma-
j£2{ufc/> trrnal or-
ifcSill^i Kans. Be it
/iS?*iM?. S »ght or pr-
R^-N^t*! •¦> vcre. It is
«V-Tf *** c i^lf^, ¦ warninR.
- "^—^1 -i: /£-3*jo neverthc-
S?K brings
/ J» ki V>rv \Q( jirompt re-
/ Jf1&2rsr«£ K --~b^te HUDYAN
/ ' ' >» u r»V& > ** i; * Ml^ cures uter-
C \^wiW\ ( ( M i n * ? n d
\. -\7 «2t\ * ¦»'/ • /V f \!jv f ovarian
X \/i)k'""?v>^> j f&^i" troubles.
;^* ' W^*'f a n I'D V A N
; y^y { *n. '¦'; fs also ourc-s
;. ./ . \ 'tfA /;.<P palpitation
•;./ 1. \ vT-Sffo f the
' i \ \. {I heart •(Fig.
in I \ »A i&*^ 1>; choking
7iW • \ \ |t\i B«meation»
I-,' ¦ * V 4 I- J paleness."
£•*, • ' V/s emaciation
'. ¦ ! . V <Fig:. 3):
" ' hollow eyes
HUDYAN FOR WOMEN. (Fig. • 4);
All Druggists. 5 Oc. (yTg^K
cold extremities (Fig. 5>; weak back (FIr!
T.) -These are all fyraptrms of Female
"Weakness. HUD VAN cures, and perma-
nently, too. Female complaint is n'early
always associated with Nervous Disorder.
The least thing worries and excites the
patient. She is irritable, melancholy, for-
getful. The smallest task s=ecms weari-
fome. Uterine or Ovarian trouble is the
catsse of all this nine rimes out of ten. '
Remember HUDYAN. It cures positive-
ly. .HUDYAN brings back the glow of
health.
HUDYAN at drug stores— 60 cents a
pacKfige. fix packages $2 50. If yoftr drug-
girt does not keep it Fend direct to the
HUDYAN" REMEDY CO., comer Stock-
ton. Ellis and Market streets, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
BACR=ACHING
fi I I"l™ nOtf I I Corner Fourth and
Cfl/E ROYAL "^
W[]l Is l!UitlL»5 C : overcoatPaml
i / yall3S3Ch.eck.tt free.
XZiJ T| -ALL ferrotM .Diseases' failing M«ev
Cr Sf) or *> H«»pl?«*ns«s. etc., csnwtd by o»er-
\S iA! "ork • nd Indiscretions. Them qnitki^
S && <*niir*rel v restore Lost Vitality In old
>\ *V or jooag. and fit a naa for •' ndr. bo»i-
¦«Su*^v ne»- or pleasure, fnreat Insanity uni
T»*fxS3S»Corf=iaptioQ it tuioa la tims. jTh*ir
a»a sbow«iaiia*diata improvement and effscta CT7XB
irbere all othen* fill. Insist apoahanogUtegenaiim
AJax Tablets t They have cured t&ocsaad* aadwill
rare yon. W» give a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect a care Is each ease or refund tbe moaer. Pric*
«U CIS. n«nt) forSa.SO bymail.ta plain wx3;f*r.
npon rsonir-of ohm Ciroularaltran.
r\JAXfeEMEDY CO., 7 %^^h^
For m« In 9- *". by Lelpalti & Co.. Nj Per-
centage Prug Co.. Owl Drug Co., S. 7.. Oakl'd.
\)A\//\\s DR. PIERCE'S
iiili elegtrig
*d_lH!; t ki> ! BELT IS WAR-
A\v ranted to be tbe latest im-
' * proved, most powerful and la
an r —pacts inn beat now manufactured la aav
Wtofth* world. Its equal does not exist. Th«
Galvanometer show* Its electric current to bo
double that of any ether. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach,
nentm. Special conductors aad electrode*
Double wire suspensory for mea-It wiu cur*
any disease on earth that It U posslbl* to cur*
with electricity, and It cares when others fau.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's."
"Booklet No. 2." free at office or sent by mail
for a t-ceat stamp, tells all about It Addreu
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
Eastern Office— New Tort City.
62 O Market Street.
(Opp. Palace HoteD 8AN FRANCISCO.
The Great Heart and Blood Tonic.
¦ "I suffered a great deal from soreness about
my . heart, had no appetite, could not sleep at
night and was run down in every way. The
ler»st noise or excitement would bring on a
fluttering and palpitation of my heart ani make
me so weak that I could not stand alone. Ex-
ertion of any kind would cause fainting or
sinking BpelU. when the breath would seem to
leave my body. Nothing that my physicians
did for 'me seemed to give relief and X began
taking Dr. Miles 1 Heart Cure. The first bottle
helped, and after using six bottles I -frit 'tot-
ter and stronger than I had before In year* "
MRS..HATTIE DAVIS. Farmer City. 111.
'Dr. Miles' Heart Cure is sold at all drug
stores on a positive guarantee. Write for free
advice and booklet to
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, tnd.
Dr. Miles'
HEART
CURE,
Pale Blood,
Sunken cheeks, a sallow skin, ir-
regular pulse, fluttering cf the
heart, palpitation, pain in left
side, short of breath, loss of appe-
tite, indigestion, fainting or sink-
ing spells — all these and many
more signs point with unerring
certainty to a weak or diseased
heart. Is your blood pale? Is
your heart weak? Remember, a
weak heart never cures itself.
Weak hearts may be made
strong and thin blood made rich
and red and pure with
723 Market Si, San Francisco.
MAIN OFFICE
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS.
PORTLAND, OR.
1 Cold Crowns. $5: Full Sat Tee tb.
\ $5; BrldgeworK. $5: Gold Fillings.
$1 up; Silver Fl Mings. 50c.
sPSs^#% C*§Rv ' —^
New York Dental Parlors, !
Our offices are conveniently and elab-
orately arranged with Private Operating
Rooms for each patient, with all modern
appliances, and are the only dental par-
It rs In Kan Francisco that have the pat-
ent appliance and Ingredients to extract,
fill and apply gold and porcelain crowns
undetecUble from natural teeth, and
warranted for ten years, without tha
least particle of pain. Gold crowns and
teeth without plates, gold fillings and
all other dental work done painlessly
and by specialists.
TEETH EXTRACTED and filled abso-
lutely without pain by our late sdentiao
method. No sleep-producing agents or
cocaine.
In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE
WORK, of which we are making aSPE-
CIAUT. the most BEAUTIFUL.
PAINLESS and DURABLE af all den-
tal work known to the profession, you
will find an example of the HIGHEST
ARTISTIC ATTAINMENT, the adapta-
bility of which to the HYGIENIC con-
ditions of the mouth Is unquestioned.
Any work that should not prove satis-
factory will be attended tow without
charge, at our nearest office.
You may have your TEETH OUT IN
THE MORNING and go homa with
NEW ONES THE SAME DAY.
NO CHARGE for painless extraction
when teeth are ordered. All work done
by graduate dentists of. 13 to 20 years*
experience: a specialist In each depart-
ment. We will tell you In advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a
free examination. Give us a call and
you will find we do exactly as we adver-
tise.
Absolutely Without Pain.
TEETH FILLED
' In neeertfi»ne« with t?j« direction* of tfc» RB-
PtJBIJCAN NAT1OXAI* COMMITTEB th*t
delesated reprewn'UtiTes of tho Repnbllcaa
Party from th» several States a«sfnile la Na-
tional Convention In tbo city ot Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY. th» 19th
day of Jane. A. D. 1900. at 13 o'clock noon,
for the parpoM of nominating candidate* for
tbe office of President and Vies President of
tbe United States, and for such other business
as may bo brought before said convention: and
In accordance with, the Instructions glvea by
¦aid National Committee. . directing that th»
Congressional District delegates snail be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district. In tbe- sams
manner as the nomination of a Representative
In Congress Is made in said district; therefore.
b* it
Resolved. By th« REPU BtilC A2» STATS!
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORS1A.
representing the Republican Party of said
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be beld as hereinafter
provided at which two delegates shall ba
chesen to represent each of such districts la
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION to be held as aforesaid, and for th»
selection of two alternate delesates. to act la
case of the absenc»of the delesates Rrst chosen.
Tne selection cf the delegates of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district. In accordance with tho call of the
National Committee.
Provided. That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than one county, there shall b*
cce delescate for each county and fractional
part of a county in such Assembly District,
and one delegate for each 100 votes east for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor fa 1S38. and one delegate for each rra*-
tlon of ISO votes or ot«t-
It Is further directed that tbe delegate*
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet In State Convention at th* city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, tbe 15th day of May.
1900 at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four delegates-
it-larse to the NATIONAL RKPURLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In ess* the delegates
selected be absent, for the election ot a Stat*
Central Committee, and for the transaction ot
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It is further directed that where primary
flections are held the test for voters shall b«:
••f believe In Republican principles and In-
doie the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President MeKlnley. and Intend
to support the nominees of tbe Republicaa
Party at th» ensuing election." „
It Is further directed that contest* mast fee
film! with the Secretary of tbe Congressional
CcmmTtteVtn writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of tb« State conventW
All matters relating to. such eontest before tha-
Congressional Committee, with said Commit.
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of tbe State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before nooa of the 14ta
ta AdopUd*by tn^SlKFUBMCANJ BTA.TB CTEJ;
TRAT? COMMITTl^^t^a^^ncUco^AprU
jfe&5& It's a pleasure
&Hr **"*9wr »"' ¦"e* 1 " rv>he!m> stylish.
/y7 *<S pSfc P^rfpct-atting suit*.
\g t ZJ"" ' Tfg/ to tb<» pocket-book, too—
" ' 2?' ' * eavlns ot *? t>cr ccnt -
R§ Call or etai for eamplcs.
J0E po heim »
-ffiirt&r ''- : : The TaHbr,
¦ irx^O IMft-HU Market St. *
/fie /Mi/»r 2ni-203 Mosttomery St.
9H ¦ nPw A ™g« u i/fl
Si ft^* IS
ADVERTISEMENTS.nices of the fair structures blazed forth
their welcome. Half way down the vel
vety Capitol Park stood the lofty throne
which the May queen was about to as
cend. From its canopied roof gay pen
nants fluttered, while its : outlines were
traced with hundreds of red and yellow
lights, tepiinatlng in. the center over
head in a magnificent crown, "all with
pearl and ruby glowing." <
As the first carriage contrived to pene
trate the crowd to the throne steps two
little pages, dressed In white satin and
scarlet caps, ran nimbly up and stood sen
tinel on either side. Then the twelve
maids of honor— Misses .Mabel Lyon,
Laura Cooper, Alice McAdams, Mollle
Bullock, Sue Geary, Ruby Cooper, Daisy
Ennis, Ralpha Hale, Llna Turner, Grace
Gwlnn, Hattle Jenkins and Mildred Obarr
—attired In white, ascended and awaited
the arrival of Miss May McAdams, the
carnival queen. Her appearance In an
open carriage, drawn by four spirited
bays, elicited a hearty cheer from the
great assemblage. The little pages caught
the ermine ends of the queen's purple
robe and followed her as she made her
way between her attendants to the throne
chair. On either platform was ranged a
file of soldiers as a guard of honor.
E Mayor Clark stepped forward and pre
sented the May queen with the keys of
the city. C -The crowd did not stop to think
what use the keys would be to the gra
cious queen, but the presentation proved
?— 3 1 • < S>-»-^— »—€> -?-<£> -»-4>-»— 3>— »-<3>-»— <&__
Thousands View the Spectacle and Cheer to the
Echo When the May Queen Is Enthroned
* T T /""^ 1 • C O i ° t ¦*"
oil nci v_>ridir oi oidi".
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO'S STREET FAIR
IS AUSPICIOUSLY OPENED
Fatal Boiler Explosion In an Ohio
Sawmill.
TIFTON, Ohio. April 30.— Five men were
killed ancPthree Injured by a boiler ex
plosion here to-day in tho sawmill of. J.
N. Bray & Co. The dead:
LUTHER CLAIR, fireman,
HUGH CHAMBERS. _£ 1 T I
GUS NICHOLSON. *" : .1 ]':
JACK CASTLE. " ¦ ' • ',K
WILL HOUSTON (colored).
The Injured: J. C. Raine. lumber In
spector, may die; Wesley McPhaul, and
an unknown negro.
The sawmill was almost demolished and
many buildings in its vicinity were
wrecked. The cause of the explosion 13
not known.
i'lVJJ HE3T KILLED.
ceived from Its Washington correspondent
the first statement from Senator Hanna.
-who is chairman cf the Republican com
mittee, concerning the outlook of the
coming Republican campaign from a Re
publican standpoint.
"As a result of a careful study of the
situation I feel perfectly safe In making
the prediction at this time that McKinley
will be re-elected. There is no way of
figuring how the Republicans can lose in
the coming contest if they put their
shoulders to the wheel and are not Imbued
with a spirit of overconfldence. The price
of the victory will be much narder and re
quire constant effort irora the time the
campaign opens unttl election day.
"The Republicans should make the same
kind of a fight they did, In 1S96. There
should be no cessation In their endeavor
to elect their candidates, and their appli
cation and attention to the details of the
campaign must be steady and unceasing.
They should go into the contest on the
supposition that hard work Is absolutely
essential to the victory.
"The spirit of the Republicans this year
is of a most gratifying kind. At the Ohio
State Convention, held In Columbus last
week, this spirit was manifested In a plain
and unmistakable manner. The delegates
even then were preparing for the great
political battle which Is soon to begin, and
it was patent that thoy will go Into It with
great energy. Senator Fairbanks, who
has Just returned from the Indiana con
vention, informs me that the Republicans
of his State possess the same Inspiration.
"This Is true of Republicans in every
State and all reports which I have re
ceived along this line are to the same
effect. Evidence Is plentiful that the Re
publican , party all over the country
realizes fully, the necessity of entering the
campaign with earnestness and a deter-
mlnation to win a victory. In going over
the list of- States that cast their electoral
votes for McKinley four years ago I do
not see any which will not do the same
this year unless It be Kentucky. That
State I am placing in the doubtful col
umn, although we certainly purpose mak
ing every effort to carry It. I regard
Maryland, which the Democrats are
claiming already, as reasonably certain to
remain In the Republican column. Be
sides holding' our own In practically all
the States that we carried In 1S9»>. we
have reason to believe that the Repub
licans will carry Kansas, South Dakota
and Washington, which went for Bryan
four years ago. while our chances are ex
cellent. I am Informed by Senators Shoup
and Carter of winning Idaho and Mon
tana, the States they represent in the
Senate. Altogether I am pleased with the
outlook, which couid not be any more en
couraging than it Is."
HANNA GIVES WARNING
AGAINST OVERCONFIDENCE
CLEVELAND, April 30.— The Leader re-
. "The contracts are awarded and Ihe
work of changing the exposition -building
so it will accommodate 15,000 spectators is
well advanced," said -Mr. Wiswell.
The following appointments have been
made by Sergeant-at-arms Wiswell: Da
vid C. Owen, Milwaukee, assistant . ser
geant and general organizer of the force;
W. \V. Johnson, Baltimore, Md.. chief of
staff and in charge of the stage during the
convention; Major Huxford of Washing
ton, D. C, 'second assistant chief of staff
and in charge of the delegates during the
convention; Charles A. Stone, Illinois,
third assistant chief of staff. In charge of
distinguished guests' seats; J. W. Roney,
Chicago, fourth assistant chief of staff, in
charge of the press and artists' seats;
Cole G. Pratt of Des Molnes, Iowa, fifth
assistant chief of staff, in charge of the
balcony; Dorus M. Fox, sixth assistant
chief of staff. In charge of the alternates:
Samuel E. Kelheval of Indiana, master of
doors; Colonel . Swords of New York, In
charge of the committee rooms.
The headquarters of the sergeant-at
arms on and after May 15 will be in the
new court house building. Independence
square, Philadelphia.
According to the programme the con
vention will be called to order at noon on
June 19. Committees on contested seats,
resolutions, etc., will be appointed and an
early adjournment taken. For the even
ing the allied Republican clubs have
planned a mass meeting In the Academy
of Music. Noted Republican speakers will
address the meeting.
On Wednesday, June 20, the convention
will go into session again. The platform
will be presented and matters may be ad
vanced so far that the nominating
speeches may be made. The contest over
the Vice Presidential nomination may
carry the convention Into Thursday.
MILWAUKEE, "Wis., April 30.— George
"W. Wiswell, sergeant-at-arms of the Na
tional Republican Convention at Philadel
phia, announced to-day that all arrange
ments for holding the big convention were
completed.
Proceedings Will Open at Noon on
June 19 and the Session Is
Likely to Occupy Three
Days.,
Sergeant-at-Arms Wiswell
Says Arrangements Are
• f^rtTYl Y\ I ATA/1
uompieieu.
READY FOR
REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION
MANILA, May 1. 10:40 a. m.— Major GUznore of the Forty-third Volunteers <
reports from Calbayon, Sama, that a detachment of his battalion, was be
sieged by. Insurgents at Catublg for five days. In that time ho lost nine- (
teen killed and -two wounded. 1
Word of the position of the detachment finally reached Major Gllmore, /
who made a forced march, relieved the besieged force and scattered tho in- j
surgents.
LONDON. May 1.— Tho Daily Mail prints the following from Its Hongkong (
correspondent: ¦ -<
, "The. situation in the Philippines Is most unsatisfactory and extremely /
detrimental to trade in the East. For months past merchants have been hop- )
ing that some active steps would be taken to bring about a definite result.
When General Young's troops swarmed from Dagupan to Aparrl it was (
thought a decisive moment had come, but It was afterward found that this ¦>
move was not countenanced by General Otis. From that day to this things /
have gone from bad to worse and the Islands are practically in a state of an- .
archy. V
"The Filipinos here boast that as soon as the rainy season, which begins (
in May, sets in, Agulnaldo, who is hiding in the mountains of Northern Luzon. -
will . organize another Insurrectory government and rally his scattered fol- /
lowers." i :Vj
In Five Days' FiQhting Nineteen
of the Forty-Third Volunteers
Are filled.
FILIPINOS BESIEGE
AMERICAN TROOPS
¦ Overcast skies boded ill all day, but to
ward night the air warmed perceptibly
and all sign of rain disappeared. No
summer night could have been balmier
than was this, when the electricity was
turned on and tho arches, the colonnades,
the minarets, domes and glistening cor-
to crush the life out of any living obsta
cle that opposed it. Seats had been erect
ed, tier upon tier, to the height of an or
dinary house and the length of a city
block for the accommodation of the crowd
which the projectors of the fair had
counted upon for to-night, but before the
ceremonies began these seats were all
taken, and their thousands of occupants
looked down upon many more thousands
on the midway below, unable to remain
standing in one place by, the force of the
current of .which they were part.
The carnival streets were filled witn
people until late at i night. Such scenes
have not been witnessed here since the
memorable electric carnival of five years
ago. Hundreds are coming into the city by
every train, and it is expected that the
floral parade to-morrow will be witnessed
by the largest crowd ever gathered in
this city.
of such moment that it started the fire
bells of the city ringing and all the
whistles shrieking, while the firing of can
non caused the great white dome of the
Capitol to send rattling back upon .the
gorgeous scene innumerable echoes like
the reports of musketry. The people
watched the enchanting scene as if trans
fixed by its splendor. The band played
"America." and then the hoarse voices of
the concession spielers brought the popu
lace back to the sordid realities again.
MISS MAY McADAMS, MAY QUEEN, IN HER CARNIVAL ROBES.
(From a Photo by Varney, Sacramento.)
/~\ ACRAMENT.o'.-. April SO.— Twenty
I thousand people witnessed tho open-
ing of the street fair and trades car
v ' j nival to-night. Women fainted in
the throng arid had to be lifted on
the shoulders of strong men that
they might be revived with a breath of
the cool air. The equipages of the May
queen and her suite on their way to -the
throne in Capitol Park were forced to
move inch by inch in order to blaze out
a path through the dense pack of human
ity. The crowd was representative of the
best citizenship of this city and this sec
tion. It had assembled with no other end
in view than to do honor to Sacramento's
splendid show and to witness the beautiful
spectacle of the May queen's enthrone
ment. Yet the resistless momentum of
that throng, once it. began, was enough
COMPROMISE ON
MEAT\ INSPECTION
reached here that the London Mission
School has. removed from Maiua, on the
German Island of Upolu, to the American
Island of Tutuila. taking up its location
on the shores of Pago-Pago Bay. This is
the largest educational institution in the
Samoan group and is a .great favorite
with the natives. ¦
It was also reported that many of the
Samoana on Upolu are flocking to the
American island, while others are going
to the British islands of FIJI and Tonga.
The approaching completion of the Amer.
lean naval coaling station in Fago-Papo
harbor, the Inclusion by the United -States
in the general mail contracts of a provis
ion for stopping steamers at Pago-Pago
on route between Ban Francisco and New
Zealand, and finally, the construction by
the Pacfic steamship line, plying on that
route, of larger vetsels than those now
employed, which probably will be unable
to enter, the harbor at Apia, are a basis
of representation to the State Departmant
of the future predominance of Pago-Pago
over all the ports of the Samoan group.
I m I,
American Possession in the Samoan
- Group Assured of Future Pre
dominance.
WASHINGTON*. April 30.— News has
FLOCKING TO THE
ISLAND OF TUTUILA
Special DlF^atch to Thp Call.
SAX JOSE. April 30.— A rancher's du
plicity, which involved the loss of thirty
acres of land, was related by Silas Shir
ley on the iritness-Etand in Judge Rhodes'
court to-day during- the proceedings in
the foreclosure suit of M. L Hill against
T. H. White. The action is one in which
Hill sues White to recover $1000 due
on a promissory note, secured by"
mortg-atre— on • thirty acres of land
near Mllpltap. Shirley is a de
fendant intervenor in this suit, and
also has a suit pending. In which he is
seeking to have the land set apart to him
on the ground that he was unlawfully de
prived of it.
Shirley, who is as verdant as the 3elds
he formerly tilled, stated on the witness
stand that at one time he owned the
thirty acres of land near Milpltas. He
Journeyed to San Francisco one day, and
on the train he met White, to whom he
confided his financial troubles, among
them that he was In debt several thou
sand dollars. Shirley said White sym
pathized with him. and told him he had
a mine in Oregon worth about $40,000,000;
that be was pcing to pet apart some of
the money for philanthropic purposes,
end that Shirley s case was one that
would appeal to him. He said he would
let Shirley have enough money to pay his
debts. Shirley finally went to San Fran
cisco to see White to get what he sup
posed would be a gift of several thou-
Fand dollars. At White's office he met
Hill. At the request of White, who said he
would pay on! all the debts (some $5000),
Shirley gave him (White) what he sup
pofed was a trust deed to his ranch, but
which later proved to be an absolute
deed. White, however, persisted in -pre
senting Shirley with forty shares of min
ing stock, which he said would make a
capitalist of him, and then he could re
pay the kindness done. Shirley received
no money from White for a ranch worth
over JJO.OOO. and when he appealed to him
several times for money White told h!m
the mine had proved a failure. He then
realized he had been taken in.
Hill declared on the stand he knew
nothing of the transactions between
White and Shirley, and the deed to the
property had been assigned to him by
White in lieu of a $CT0 indebtedness.
Judge Rhodes decided the foreclosure
Bult In favor of Hill, saying that side
matter? of Shirley and White could not
be considered in the case, as they would
come up in separate action.
San Jose.
Story Belated by Silas Shirley on
the Witness-Stand in
PARTED EASILY WITH
A VALUABLE RANCH
Were Called on Either
Side.
« '
SALT LAKE, April 30.— The case of B.
H. Roberts, charged with unlawful co
habitation, took an unexpected turn this
afternoon.
After spending the entire morning ses
sion In securing the eight Jurors, County
Attorney Putnam this afternoon an
naunced that, by stipulation, the whole
case would be submitted on an agreed
statement of facts, constituting what the
witnesses would testify to if called on the
stand.
The following- Jurors were sworn to try
the case: Robert Graham, John H. Thorn,
John F. Edwards, John Spencer. Joseph
Knight, William Hart Jr., C. E. Stokes,
Samuel Allen Jr. The Jury Is composed
of seven Mormons and one Gentile.
The information was then read by the
clerk. ; X: -
Mr. Pjtnam then addressed the jury,
stating that this case would be submitted
to them upon an agreed statement of
facts. There would be no witnesses call
ed by either side. He then proceeded to
read the statement wiiich set out that the
delenda.nt's legal wife was Sarah L. Rob
erts, who resided In Davis County, that
Dr. Margaret Shipp Roberts resided at 75
North State street; that in 1897 she
changed her signature from "Dr. Mar
caret C. Shipp" to "Dr. Margaret C. Rob
erts;" that in 1897 Dr. Luella Miles was
Introduced by Mrs. Dr. Roberts to Mr.
Boberta, the latter entering the house
without knocking; that In June, 189S. J. R.
Letcher called at Mr. Roberts' office to
see him and was directed to Dr. Roberts'
home, where he found the defendant in
bed. eating-, he having undergone an oper
ation, and that defendant introduced Dr.
M. C. Roberts as his wife; that Dr. Mar
garet Shipp Roberts was introduced to
parties by the defendant as his wnfe in
the presence of Mrs. Maria McDougal:
that in JSDT, a* a large political gathering
at J?altair. the defendant and Dr. Mar
garet -C. Robert* were present together;
that B. H. Roberts Introduced Dr. Mar
g?ret Shipp Roberts to Dr. Wlshard as his
wife; ihat the defendant admitted to E.
A. McDanlel that he had three wives;
that the defendant had been" seen' fre
quently at the home of Dr. Margaret
Shijip Roberts, going In and coming out.
The facts as stated above were admitted
V>y the defense. The counsel for the de
fendant moved that the court instruct the
jury to return a verdict of not guilty.
The motion was -overruled and after brief
arguments, the case was submitted to the
Jury. _______ _______
Charges Against Former
.Congressman-Elect
Submitted.
» ... .
Number of Statements "Were Bead,
but by Agreement ICo Witnesses
ROBERTS' FATE
IN THE HANDS
OF A JURY
William Hayden of Los Angeles
Says He Knew Very Little
0 ., of the Girl.
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 30.— When the
information reached Los Angeles to-day
that Minnie M. Wray had committed sui
cide in the Palmer House, Chicago, her
friends were at a loss to find a motive
for the deed. The young woman came to
Los Anseles three weeks ago with a
party of friends that had been touring
Arizona, New Mexico and Texas points.
The party took lodgings and visited the
many seaside and summer resorts In this
section. By tho3e who seemed to know
her best Miss Wray was considered
bright, witty and above the average in
points of intellect.
Among, the girl's effects was found a
note, in v whlch she stated that she had
wrecked too many live* already, and in
tended to end It all. A business card, of
the firm of Mullen & Bluett was also
found, and on the back was the name of
William Hayden. He has charge of^the
hat department in Mullen & Bluett's es
tablishment, and says his real name is
WHmot II. Hider. Regarding the de
ceased, he said that he knew her but
slightly. .
"About three weeks ago four young
women came into the store to look at the
sombreros that»areso fashionable in this
section," he said. "One of them, whom
1 take to be Miss Wray, told me they
were Chicago milliners, enjoying a vaca
tion in Southern California, and that they'
would return East in a few days. Two
of them purchased hats. When they left
I gave them my business card, which is
not an unusual thing for clerks to do.
That , possibly accounts for ' the card be
ing found among the dead girl's effects."
CHICAGO, April 30.— George B. Wray
of this city, brother of Minnie M.^Wray.
Is unable to advance any explanation if or
hl3 sister's suicide. She resided here, with
him until six months ago, when she went
to Leesvllle, Ind., where her parents re
side. While in Lincoln she did not ap
pear despondent. Her brother supposed
she was still .with her parents ¦ until': he
was Informed of. her. suicide in Chicago.
V-- . . . ¦ ¦ - -• — - - ; '
Defaulting Detective.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 30.— Private Detective
J. \V. Watts, who Is wanted on a. charge
of perjury by. the San \ Francisco authori
ties, la also being, mourned by. a number
of local creditors, and it Is said he : has
left the State. He did collecting for; sev
eral .firms, and It ;ls said failed, to; turn
over , Borne of the , receipts. Watts . was
formerly in: the employ of the Pinkertons
in Chicago, and in a: letter received- they
state " they were compelled" to ¦ discharge
him because of crooked ness.vnffl
SUICIDE OF MISS WRAY
STILL A MYSTERY
SEATTLE. April 30.— Richard Riitt Par
klnson.the Nestor, of, Nevada* Journalism,
the ¦ personal ? friend of Horace Greeleyr
Mark Twain,' United States Senator, Stew
art, all of California's great *. millionaires
and ' Judged C." C. ¦ Goodwin; formerly; the
edltorlah writer ; of , the Virginia Ci«r* En
terprise, now editor of the Salt Lake Trib
une," died t to-day ¦:> of £ pneumonia ;s after 5 a
brief illness, aged 82. years. -. . ,
¦->¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' - •- •¦ •¦
Death of Richard : Parkinson.
Conferees Come to Terms on the
Joint Resolution Amending
the Act.
WASHINGTON, April 30.— The conferees
on the joint " resolution amending "the
Porto Rico act reached a complete agree
ment after, a second session to-day. Tha
original Senate resolution extending the
tenui-e of military officers in Porto Rico
until' their successors are appointed is re
tained intact. The sections added by the
House relating" to corporations are
changed and-, in their final form are as
follows: BH^aj
Sec. 2. That all railroad, street railway
tele.raph and telephone franchises, privileges
or concessions granted under section 32 of said
act> shall be approved by the President of the
United . States, and no such' franchise, -privi
lege or concession shall be operative until/ It
shall have been so approved. ' , • ¦ t>. -
3ec."3. ' That all franchises, -privileges or con
cessions granted under section 32 of said , act
shall provide that the same shall be subject to
amendment, - alteration or repeal : shall forbid
the issue of stock or bonds, except in' exchange
for actual ; cash - or. property at fair valuation
equal. In amount to c the par value of the stock
or bonds issued; 1 shall forbid the declaring of
stock or bond dividends, and in the case of pub
lic service corporations shall provide - for the
effective resnulatipn of the charges : thereof and
for the purchase or taking by the. public au
thorities of their property at a fair and reason
able valuation. ¦ • ¦
No corporation shall be authorized to conduct
the businpps of buyinar and selling real estate
or be permitted to hold or own real estate, ex
cept Buch as • may v be reasonably necessary to
enable it. to, carry out the a purposes for which
it was created, and every corporation hereafter
authorized to engage In agriculture shall, by Its
charter, 7 be; restricted to the :- ownershiD . and
control of 'not to exceed ECO acres of. land, and
this provision shall be held to prevent a mem
ber of, any. corporation engaged In' agriculture
from being In any way interested tn any other
corporation engaged In Egrlculture. Ccrpsfatlons.
however, v may • loan ". upon :• real - estate i security
and : purchase : real estate when necessary ¦ for
; the collection . of loan?, but they ; shall dispose
of .real estate sorobtalned within five; years
after 1 1 eceivlnc the title. .. Corporations organ
ized in Porto Rico, 1 and doing business therein,'
shall be bound ; by ' the • provisions • of. this sec
tion so far as ':¦ they are ; opDllcable. ;
:¦ The reportiwasadoptetl in both houses
so the blllnow goes to,the;Presldent. :-
FINAL AGREEMENT ON
PORTO RICAN PROBLEM
pionshlp Diamond Medal.
° FRESNO, April 30.— The eighth annual
tournament of the California Inanimate
Target Association closed this evening
and at a late hour to-night Secretary Gun
zendorfer announced the trophy winners.
To-day's shooting was done In the rain,,
as was the first day's, and the day wa3 re
plete with surprises, some beating their
records, while other crack shooters failed
to come up to their own expectations or
those of their friends. Most of the visit
ing gun men left for their homes on the
late trains to-night.
C. C. Nauman of the Olympic Gun Club
of San Francisco carried off the honors of
the tournament. Besides winning two of
the most valuable cups in the Individual
events he was awarded the championship
diamond medal for making the highest
average in all Individual events. The
trophies were awarded as follows:
First day— Lincoln Gun Club trophy—Wil
liam Varien: wecond . event — Kmplr* Gun Club
trophy^ F. Feudr.er; third event— E. T. Allen
cup, Cf. C. Nauman; fourth event— Gold Dust
diamond medal. C. C. Nauman: fifth event-
Garden City Gun Club trophy, M. Chick: sixth
event— Merced Gun Club trophy, Ed'Feudner:
eeventh event— Hoos three-man team' trophy,
Olympic Gun Club.
Hecond day— Flirt event — Olympic Gun Club
trophy. C. Merrill; second event— San Fran
clnco Gun Club trophy. Dr. Barker of San
Jose; third event— Golcher trophy, Hartley of
Antloch; * fourth event— Fresno Gun Club
trophy, J. E. Vaughn ; fifth event— Match box
trophy, O. Feudner; sixth event— Antloch Gun
Club trophy. Empire Gun Club, San Francisco.
Japanese Naval Review.
TOKOHAMA, April 30.— The naval re
view was held at Kobe to-day in the pres
ence of Emperor ;Mutsu HIto.' The review
was very fine and thirty warships partici
pated. -
C. C. Nauman Wins Two Valuable
Cups and Captures the Cham-
CLOSE OF TARGET
; ASSOCIATION TOURNEY
THE SAK FRANCISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1900.
3
BERLIN. April 30. — Couat von Posadow
eky-Wehner, Secretary of State of the In
terior, made the following statement to
day to the correspondent of the Associated
Press: \
"The Prussian Governmert has. agreed
to a compromise on the mefct inspection
bill, excluding sausages and cinned meats
but admitting pickled meats In pieces of
over eight pounds, provided the meat has
been thoroughly pickled. If \lt should
prove insufficiently pickled It wiu be treat
ed as fresh meat, and could oily be ad
mitted In whole carcasses. \
"Instead cf the present clausemrohibit-
Ing meat Imports entirely after three!
years, the new clause provides \hat the
meat question must be settled anrw after
December 31. 1903." \
It is expected by the entire Prussian
Government. Count Posadowsky-\fcehner
rays, that this compromise will be idopt
*-<5 by both the Kelchstag and the Bmdes
rath. . ¦" * \
General Joseph Wheeler has
written three exclusive articles
upon "My Eight Months in
the Philippines." The first of
these papers appears in the
magazine section of next Sun-
day's Call and will be the best
and most authoritative ac-
count ever published of the
conditions existing in^ the
islands.
pa I I|!S!!![I UR clothing is union-made clothing — made by trained, Igs
HI /je\\ 1m\ billed union men at full union wages. ; This means that fe
Hi C f 1 II J wesecure e best, though costliest, labor in the world. ||p
Wi ?3^^> But suc^ labor 'necessarily makes. the best clothing in the !& :
||| - Illllllllllllllll. world. Union-made clothing is perfectly clean — it is made fep
11 under the strictest sanitary regulations. This is of vast importance to you. j&jt
H * K! LTHOUGH we pay good wages we offer values. We are able raaj
fe* lJs^\ t0 l^ is ecause we ma^ e t>ig cl ot h purchases direct from ||-|
E J^JI^Sk e m^' s « anc^ we a ' so se^ clothes at small profits. We Ipt
1 1 to interest you in our suits at . |Sf
m They constitute over 50 patterns of all-wool suits in fancy and mixed fig
(pi cheviots, in summer and heavy weights, also black and blue cheviots §>|[
ijj| and clays, either in single cr double breasted sacks.' Some are checks, ||t
H some stripes, others are mixed and some come in solid colors. They |g
M are desirable suits at a desirable price. . |||
JL 1 Boys' Wash Suits M
|s||| For boys from 3 to 10 years old we have something very neat |||jf
gj^ and novel in wash suits. They have short pants and sailor blouses; Ij^j3
liiif £ inbidethe blouse is a patent waistband to which the pants are ijSgl
h|l| .^? buttoned. This 'does not effect the waist at all, but allows it to
Wvk ) remain in the proper position. There are a number of patterns /p|If
Wjjg <k> to choose from. All suits are neatly trimmed. Prices ,., s .v- ' • "^^^^W(Copyright. 1900. by Horace H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Monday. April 30. 1900.— Weather cloudy. Track good.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
NEW YORK. April 3O.-Jack O'Brien
and George McFadden, both of this city,
fought a draw at 133 pounds before the
Broadway Athletic Club to-night. The
men went twenty-five rounds. At the end
both were able and willing to go on for
an Indefinite period, but if looks counted
for anything McFadden should have been
declared the winner, '."as O'Brien's face
was badly cut and bruised. . .
Twenty-Five Round Draw.
Thomas stated to-day that when the
poolrooms open on May 7 residents will
hardly know they are In operation so
strict will be the surveillance placed over
the resorts. The rule against minors will
be .vigorously enforced, and no women are
to be permitted in the rooms, through
even Sylva admits that it will be impossi
ble to prevent the admission of "pikers "
Only two poolrooms will be allowed to
operate this season, Sylva's friend, Joe
Harvey, being one, while a firm from Sac
ramento, whose . identity is at present
veiled In mystery, will in all probability
rule the destinies of the rival gambling
place. .,
» . ¦
SAUSALITO, April 30.— The poolrooms
under, the new regime will, if Jacques
Thomas and Adolph Sylva keep their
promise, be more innocuous to the general
public than a Sunday school.
ish Obnoxious Features.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sausalito Truste«s Promise to Abol-
REGULATING POOLROOMS
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Ulm. Be Happy. Henry C.
Second race— Heraldo, Lobosina, Gold Find*.
Third race— Diderot. Bernota, > Princess Tita
nia.
Fourth race-Corolla, Miss Madeline, Romany.
Fifth race— Sir Hampton^' Lady Meddlesome.
Merry Boy. , .-.
Sixth race-Sllv«r Tone, Wyoming, iDe Blaise.
rlongs; three-year-olds
(1140)Pereeu8 103
1167 Merry Boy 103
(1164)Slr Hampton.... 9J
1134 El Mldo 105
1167 Pat Morrissi?y..l03
1169 Tlzona 33
•; three-year-olds and
(1152) Wyoming .108
1096 Castake ."..108
1169 Irf>s Medanos 110
1152 Socialist 108
U167)De Blaise 107
1170 Silver Tone 107
Fifth f race— Seven fu
and upward; selling:
1156 Proclamation .. 89
(1159)Spike B 9
<n34)Lady Meddls'm.101
1169 Jingle Jingle.... 33
1131 Good Hope 93
1142 Jack McCabe...l01
Sixth race— One mile
upward; celling: ¦
1152 Rio Chlco ..104'
HifLMontanus 107
1167 Rosalbra Jll
1164 Alarla i<v>
1163 L B McWhirter.103
1164 La Borgia 92
Fourth race — One mile;' three-year-olds and
upward; selling: . ; ,
O136)Mlss Madeline.. SSI 1170 Cromwell Ill
,JJ2°T° m Calvert....l(wl 1160 Romany 104
( J"2)Corolla ..861 1117 New Moon 1<W
"S 0 .^ 08 Prlctos...v.l08 1090 Grand Sachem.. 108
(113o)Melkarth. ...... 10S 1160 Nllsar 107
1146 Mamie G ..106 1142 Edgardo ........ S3
Third race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
1125 Princ's Tltania.105- 1166 Grafter ...110
1166 St Rica... 110 1161 Llllle Dtres,...110
1166 Phil Archlbald.108 (U55)Diderot 110
(933)Rlo de Altar.. ..113 1155 Bernota 115
ling of Storm King being especially wor
thy of mention.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's mare Cla
rando was considered a "moral" to take
the opening Bprint. but was -said to have
grabbed herself, finishing next to last.
Meadow Lark, a 6 to 1 chance, with Boze
man up, won almost easily from Nettle
Clark and Tourist II.
Chappie, the stunted son of Imp. Order,
led a cheap assortment of platers out in
the second number at odds of 10 to 1. Gold
Baron, the 5 to 2 favorite, met with some
hard luck early In the running, finishing
second, ahead of Jim Brownell.
Burns & Waterhouse's crack youngster.
Rollick, made It six straight by capturing
the two-year-old scramble. He ruled a
2 to 5 choice and won smiling from Gay-
Ion Brown and Articulate.
Speculators were surprised to see Storm
King go out in the mile and a furlong
run and win all the way. Gauntlet, sec
ond choice, lost the place to Coda by a
nose. Stuart made a botchy job of it
astride the favorite. Ailenna, finishing
back in sixth position.
The closing mile and a sixteenth purse
affair fell to the 1 to 2-favorite. Mortgage,
pacemaker all the way. Driving hard
Roslnante snatched the place from Snips
by a neck. ¦
Track Notes.
The poor showing of Clarando caused
the judges to inquire Into her run. Dr.
Fitzgerald examined the mare, reporting
that she had grabbed "herself during the
progress ,of the race, taking a chunk out
of one ankle. It was also said she had
run away three miles on Sunday, which
was denied. Caesar. Young later sold
Clarando for $100.
Trainer Fred Edwards is deserving of
much praise for the splendid condition In
which Yellowtail was sent to the post
after his long rest. In the past he was
usually short first time out.
To-Day's Entries.
Firet race — One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward: selllns:
1149 Flambeauette ..lilt 1135 Be Happy Ill
1153 Hohenlohe .....116 1159 Mis« Soak ..Ill
1154 Henry C 116 1171 Tourist II. ......107
1153 Llzella Ill) 1160 Ulm 109
Second race — Five furlongs: .maiden three
year-olds; selling:
.... Heraldo .." 103| 1171 Nettie Clark. ...117
628 Favorlto 103 1159 Young: Morello..ll7
.... Lou Clievedon..l07 1159 Lew Zara.......lO7
.... Jds Shropshlre.109 1159 Gold Finder.. ..119
Mlltouche 103 1139 Swiftwater ....112
1165 Loboslna 1121 1136 Tanobe 117
AMERICAN BRED FOX TERRIER OWNED BY G. J. M. E. D'AQUIN; PRINCE LIONEL, REPRESENTING
GREAT DANE KENNELS OF DRESSER & SIMPSON, AND MRS. WALTER FERGUSON'S VALUABLE AUSTRA
LIAN PUGS. W1LSY AND ARRVA.
GREAT WORK BY
YELLOWTAIL AT
OAKLAND TRACK
Wins Galloping and Goes
One Mile and a Fur
long in 1:52.
Favorites Capture Three Purses.
Storm King Surprised the Tal
ent — Rollick Scores His
Sixth Straight Win.
With his traps already packed and a
berth reserved on the overland flyer
which pulls out of Oalcland depot to-night.
Captain Hackett's great colt Yellowtail
gave a parting exhibition of speed nt Oak
land track' yesterday. The big chestnut
was a prohibitive choice for the slx-fur
long event in which he started, and after
winning Irom Olinthus. "throwing the bit
away," was worked on by Buchanan. He
carried his 110 pounds to the mile in 1:33
flat, finishing out one mile and a furlong
In 1:52, though some watches showed a
quarter of a second slower. The extraor
dinary* workout created quite a sensation,
and If the three-year-old reaches St.
Louis in good condition he has a more
than passing "look-in" for the Inaugural
handicap to be run May 12. Allotted 107
pounds in that event, many think he has
the stake at his mercy.
First choices in the ring started off the
week by annexing three purses. The suc
cessful outsiders were Meadow Lark,
Chappie and Storm King.. Ivy Powell pi
loted two of the winning horses, his hand-
FITZSIMMONS
SHOWS UP IN
HIS OLD FORM
. . , .- - . ¦ ...
Knocks Out Ed Dunkhorst
in the -Second Round at
New York.
Quickly Sizes TJp His Big Antagonist
and Punches Him to Bleep
. . ' With Hardly an*
% ¦ Effort. y
¦ . ¦ . -- ...... ;,.. K?- ¦ • .- '¦
NEW YORK, April 30.— At the Hercules
Athletic Club to-night Bob Fitzsimmons
proved that he was far from being a
"dead one." In : less than two rounds he
knocked out Ed Dunkhorst, the Syracuse
giant, a feat which other and bigger men
found impossible. Fitzstormons showed
that his- wonderful hitttng" powers have
not forsaken him and he was as lively on
his feet as ever, but had little time in
which to display, the fact. ¦
The bout was booked to go twenty-five
rounds. Fitzsimmons was cheered lustily
when ho entered the rinff. The attendance
exceeded 4000. Dunkhoist was attended
by Tommy Ryan, Jack. Jeffries and Jan
Johnson. The lanky fellow was "looked
after by Ernest Roeber, Jeff Thome and
Dan Hickey. Dunkhorst appeared to
weigh 260 pounds and /was very fat. Bob
looked lit and. weighed about 170 pounds.
When they shook hands it was seen that
Dunkhorst was the tiller by at least two
Inches. ,
'As the bell rang Dunkhorst assumed a
crouching position. Fitzsimmona walked
around him for a bilef second and then
hooked a left that raised a lump under
Ed's right eye. He Jsinded another of the
same kind a second later and then drove
his left hard to thfi wind and "ducked a
right swing for tJie head. Dunkhorst
landed a light left to the face and Fitz
slmmons closed the round with left and
right to the body.
Dunkhorst open* A the second round
with a left to the face and Bob hooked
his left to the Jaw and ducked Ed's re
turn. Fitzsimmons received another jab
on the mouth, but only smiled and ripped
right and left to tie stomach. Two more
lefts to the stomach, followed by a right,
made the giant wobble. Fitzsimmons
measured him coolly and then hooked his
left flush to th«e mark and Dunkhorst went
to the floor with a crash. It was fully a
minute before hla -seconds could raise him
to his feet, and meanwhile Fitzslmmona
was cheered wildly by the crowd. Time of
round, 2 minutes iS seconds. _
In a preliminary Kid McFadden of Cali
fornia knocked - out Johnny Hines of
Brooklyn in less than two minutes of the
first round.^ V^ "-;.
TEN INNINGS REQUIRED.
Philadelphia Defeats New York in a
Loosely Played Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L-Pct.
Philadelphia 7 8 .700
Brooklyn ....7 »,•'«>
Cincinnati ...S 4 -W0
St. Louis. .,..5 4 .5w
Clubs — W. L. Pet.
Plttsburg ...4 « .400
Chicago 4 6 .400
New York... 3 5 .375
Boston 2 7 .222
PHILADELPHIA. April 30.— While to-day's
Kame between New York and Philadelphia
was anythlne but good baseball, there was
plenty of excitement and ten innings were re
quired to decide It. Hit* and errors abounded.
Wolverton made hi» first appearance at third
base with Philadelphia and created ia favor
able impression. Former Captain Cooley of
Philadelphia was to-day signed fey the Pitts
burl? club and Third Baseman Myers, who re
celevd notice of his release on Saturday, wa»
enRaged by Hartford of the Eastern League.
Attendance 6124. Score: ' .
R. H. E.
New York '••••« J« \
Philadelphia 1* " 6
! Batterleis— Hawley and "Warner; Fiatt,'Bern
hard and Douglass. Umpire— Connolly. .
BROOKLYN, April 30.— Dunn was hit freely
to-day, but sharp fielding behind him held the
BoBtonlans down to two runs. Boston lost a
fine chance to win in the ninth, when the bases
were full and only one roan out. j Attendance
3C00, Score:
V, R. ' H. E.
Boston 2 1J 2
Brooklyn 6 o 1
Batteries— Willis and Clark: Dunn and Mc-
Guire. Umpire— Emslle.
CHICAGO, April 30.— St. Louis went to piece*
in ' the second and third innings, and - on the
most miserable misplays, together with Har
per's poor work, presented the home team with
enough runs to win. Attendance 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago » -7 C
St. Louis 6 10 fi
' Batteries— Callahan and Donahue; Harper.
Jones, R. O'Connor . and Crlger. ¦Umpire —
O'Day. - . .-
Minor Baseball Games.
BUFFALO, April SO.—Buffalo IB, Indianapo
lis 16.
MINNEAPOLIS, April SO.—Minneapolis 11,
Kansas City 6.
CLEVELAND. April 30.—Cleveland 8, De
troit 6.
MILWAUKEE, April 30.—Milwaukee 10, Chi
cato 9.
Gardner Knocks (hit Haley.
CINCINNATI, April 30.-Oscar Gardner
knocked out Patsy Haley here to-night in
the fift hround of what was to have been
a flfteen round fight.
The Alaska Fostoffice.
Postal Inspector John P. Clum left yes
terday on the steamer Portland for Cape
Nome and St. Michael to look after the
postofflces In the frosted gold district."
DOGS OF HIGH DEGREE
WILL BE ON EXHIBITION
Fourth Annual Kennel Show Opens
To-Morrow at Mechanics' Pavilion.
LOVERS of aristocratic canines will
have a treat this week. The fourth
annual bench show of the San
Francisco Kennel Club will open in
Mechanics' Pavilion to-morrow afternoon.
The entries number close upon 600 and the
quality of the dogs is higher as an aver
age than has been seen in any of the pre
vious bench shows held in the West.
Many prize winners have been sent from
the East and the Northwest. ,\>v>/
In the fox terrier class some of the
finest dogs In America will appear. The
fox terrier Warren Supple, which H. E.
Hemmelwrlght brought out from .the East,
has been purchased by».N. H. Hickman.
owner of another high-class animal of the
same breed. Warren Sceptic. Hernmel
wright -will exhibit C.ilrnsmuir, Doctor
and other fine fox terriers and cockers.
Alec Truman .will -have -one of the larg
est exhibits. He will show pointers, En
glish and Irish setters that will be hard
to beat.
¦ The Redwood Cocker Kennels have a
large entry and among: the best of these,
which are owendby H. A. Wegener, Is
Champion ' Polly Pastime. Mrs. W. C.
Ralston of Frultvale will show some
splendid specimens of. the same©>reed.
MERRIAM NOT
ANTAGONISTIC
TO UNIONISM
General Explains His Stand
in the Coeur d'Alene
Troubles.
Declares He Sought Only to Suppress
an Element That Was Respon
sible for Criminal
WASHINGTON. April 30.— Brigadier
General Merriam was again on the stand
In the Coenr d'Alene Investigation to-day,
with Attorney Robertson conducting the
"Would you consider It right," aslied
Robertson, "that Federal troops should
force men at the point of the bayonet to
protect the property of the mine owners,
and that similar protection be withheld
irom the men?"
"1 would use Just as much power and
Just as much Influence," replied General
Merriam, "to have mine owners observe
their obligations as to compel the mine
men to observe theirs."
Concerning the permit proclamation.
General Merriam said he had suggested
to Bartlett Sinclair, the civil official In
charge, that certain features should be
embodied, and they were put In by Sin
clair.
When Robertson sought to show that
the War Department had not been suffi
ciently advised as lo the permit system
General Merriam said that was for the
War Department to determine. Witness
was asked if the dispatches of Secrttar>
Alger did not In effect say, "Let the per
mit system alone."
GeneraJ Merriam said he had not inter
fered in this nyptem or in the labor affairs
In any way, "except for the purpose of
maintaining order."
Corrects a Former Interview.
General Merriam was questioned as to
an interview representing that at a meet
ing: of the citizens in the Coeur d'Alene
he eald that Congress should pass a law
to deal with unions as criminal organ
izations. He said he was glad of the op
portunity to correct the errors of this
alleged Interview. He had not. he said,
mentioned Congress, nor did the inter
view so state, although an erroneous in
terpretation of this character had arisen.
He Katd that what he had said at that
meeting was In substance as follows:
"You ought to have a conspiracy law
which would make the action of these
people — narrated by Mr. Sovereign in his
paper— crimes punishable by law."
He also said that the remedy for the
trouble was in the State. He was per
fectly positive, he said, that he had not
stultified himself by telling these genile
raeti that the remedy was in the State
and at the came time that it was with
Congress.
"Did not Mr. Gompers at Denver charge
you with making the statement?" asked
Robertson.
**I never saw Mr. Gompers In my life,"
answered General Merriam.
Robertson said that in an address at Den
ver Gompers had made a charge of this
character. General Merriam said he had
repeatedly stnted that he never pronounc
ed the unions of the Coeur d'Alene.crimi
nal organizations.
Not Opposed .0 Unionism.
To Representative Dick General Mer
riam Ftated that he did not disapprove of
labor organizations as euch. for. like other
social and charitable organizations, they
accomplished much pood in their legiti
mate spheres. But he expressed the opin
ion that radical leadership in the Coeur
d'Alene had diverted these organizations
from th<4r beneficial spheres.
Representative Sulzer cross-examined
General Merriam particularly on the ex
tent of his authority in the Ooeur d'Alene
n-pion. The witness paid the State offi
cers assumed responsibility for the gen
eral policy in force, and he was satisfied
to let the responsibility rest there. Gov
ernor Steunonbcrs; had frankly and gen
erously taken upon himself full re*=pon."«l
hility, although. General Merriam said, he
had not asked the Governor to assume
responsibility for anything the military
commander of the troops had done.
General Merriam completed his testi
mony during the afternoon and was ex
cused. Sulzer at this point sought to In
troduce two telegrams just received. on.e
fa'.leging that Patrick J. Murphy was ar
rested in the Couer d'Alene region last
nlcht for having expressed criticism on
the course of investigation, the other
from Edward Boyce. president of th*
Western Federation nt Miners, denying
the Etatemt-nts of Governor Steunenberg
as to Bovce's connection with the blow
ing up of the Bunker Hill mill. Sulzer
asked that Boyce and Murphy be Fub
penacd. There was energetic opposition
against taking this up. except In the us
ual way of executive sessions, and It went
over.
Captain Frank A. Edwards began his
testimony during the day. He was in
command of the troops guarding the pris
oners and his evidence was as to the care
shown the men. , He also made a general
denial of the charges of harshness made
against the troops.
SCAFFOLDING COLLAPSES.
PARIS. April SO.— There was another ac
cident thls> afternoon at the exposition. A
Fraffoldlnp collapsed in the Salic des
Ketes. where the lnauffuration ceremony
•was held. Four workmen were killed and
a fifth is dyin«?.
The Salle des FctoR had been hastily
prepared for thp opening ccrpmonles, the
rubbirh boinp cleared away and the un
rompl^ted walls covered up with tapestry.
Since the funotinn the workmen have
been rncaged in finishing the bu M <1 i n g.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.I,, TU JSSDAY^ MAY 1, 1900.
1171. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300,
" : ; : . I I |Bettin K .
In4«>«. Hoif*. Age. Weight. ISt. % >/i % Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
116fi Meadow Lark, a. ...1<» 2 ... 3 i 3 4, ... 1 t Bozeman 6 6
lir>9 Nettie Clark. 3 104 3 ... 2H 1 h ... 2 3 Fauntleroy ... 12 10
1149 Tourit-t II 4 I'M 6 ... 3 2 6 4 "... 3h Dingley 10 20
1U7 Anita n 3 104 7 ... 11 2 h r. - ...' : 4 1 Vickery 12 40
1149 Mv Dear. 4 104! g ... 7 4 8 1 ... 6 4 Basslnger .... .6 19
1136 Bona 3 104 9 ... 4 V 3 5 h ... 6 1 Ranch 4 10
1153 San Augustine. 4. ..106 1 ... 8 h 7 4 ... 7 h Mounce fi 7
1141 Elsln. 4 121 5 ... 95 4h ... 8 Burke..: 12 20
1149 Mahcpany. a 121 4 ... 6 1 9 5 ... 9 H. Stuart 10 13
1144 Majesty. 5 121110 ... 10 2 10 1 ... 10 I. Powell 12 20
1105 Clarendo 4 10l|ll ¦•; ... 112 115 ••• 11 Ruchanan — 8-5 3-2
1025 Solano. S llllilg ' ... 12 ¦ 12 12 Barnstetter .. 20 100
Time— T« U. :21'4: to '"i* :46%; last %. 1:02: Bhort Si, 1:12. Good utart. Won first three driv
ing. Winner. C T. Bootn" ¦ br. K.. by Imp. IlrutUB-Np.bette. I«ark had one of his days.
Anita B showed ppwrl. Clarando crabbed h^rsc^f^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
117^. SECf>NI> HACK— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purpr, $300.
Index. H'TPe, Age. Weight. iSt. V* M % Str. Fin. | Jockey. jOp. cT
1123 Chappie, 5 12lfl ... 4 4 31 12 13 I. Powell 10 6
1141 «old Raron, 4 106 1 7 ... 5 3 5 2 2 1 2 3 Basslnger .... 3 6-2
li:.7 Jim Browncll. 5.... 109! 4 ... lh lh 3h 3 1 rMngley 15 10
11«5 Mr? C 3 1071 5 ... 3 'j 4 4 4 4 4h Shaw 6 : - 4
163 rxid Ej-es. * "6' 3 ••• 9 7 4 7 1 5h . r.uiterez ..... 10 25
115S Moscow Boy. 5.... ..1211 fi ... 6h 6 1 6 4 6 5 J. Woods 6 15
1147 Knjojwnt. 3 104 S ... 8 4 » 8 1 7 2 Morse • 10 15
1149 Almoner, 4 UM 3 ... 21 - 2h 64 8 Holmes 8-5 9-2
1105 . Itlcardo. a 112j 2 ' 7 4- 81 9 / 9 Golden ........ 10 10
Time— To \i. tnSi to 4. :*46'4: last »i. 1:01%; short *i. 1:11%. Good start. Won easily, Fec
ond and third driving;. Winner. I. Morchoupe's b. ft., by Imp. Order-Hoyden. , Winner was
well backed »nd ran^well. Mrs. C a quitter. Almoner quit. Scratched— Skirmish 107,
.^.^^^^.^^^^^^^.^^.^^^
11?:i. THIItO HACK— Six furlonRs: thrce-ypaf-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse Age. Weight. !St. %~ 4 % Str. Fin. I Jockey. lOp. "cT
794 Yellow Tail. 3 ll<»i 3 ... 114 13 13 15 Buchanan 1-5 1-3
11R7- Ollnthus. 4 111! 2 ... 3h 3 3 . 3 5 : 2 n J. %\ r oocls • 6 • . .. 12
10*1 Hlph Hoe. 5. ...11411 ... 21 22 23 ,3 12 I. Powell 5 16-5
1136 I»ulfP Heyman. 3.. »6| 4 4 4 ' 4 4 Gaffney : . BO J00
Time— U. :234: 4. iSX; %. l:lS»i- Good start. Won racily, second and third driving. Wln
ner Hackett Bros.' -ch. c, by imp. Watrrrrf-sp-Imp. Paloma. Yellow Tail galloped. High
Hoe tired rha*|Pfr Iilm. Scratched— Stroncoli 111. Tuthlll 110. . ¦. , -- _ .
1174. FOURTH ItACn— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. • "~Tiorg*.~ Welght.]St. U 4 \ "~ Str. Ftn. I Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
(1166) Rollick ....ilf.l i ... .:. 12. 12 11 H. Shields 1-4 1-4
Il« Gaylon, Brown.... ..110! 3 ... ... 22-22 '22 J. WooVIb...... 10 25
1110 Artjculate 1««| 5 ... ... 33 = . 34 35 I. Powell...:.. 20 ' 30
(10T.7) Pars-Jfal .,..113 < ... . ...' 6 1 • 4 2 4 2 Buchanan .... , 5 «
116f. rKl Orient* .....10^12 ........ 6 1 6h 6 1 " Alexander .... 20 100
1168 Jim Hale ' 10T.I 4 ... ... 4 1-51 6 4 Mounce 80 73
1161 Oarllee ...10T.I 7 ...; ... . 73. 7 3 7S Basslnger .... 10 30
1145 Follow Me .....:v...lfl3| g . ... .... '8- " 8 - 8 ' Holmes 20 ' . 60
Time— \4. :244; 4. :<8'4. Good start. -Won easily, seennd and third drivlnif. Winner, Burns
& Wa'erhouse's ch. jr., by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick is fast. ¦" Articulate im
proving. Parstfal backed up In bettine. Scratched— Kitty Lundy 100, Opal Stone 100,
J JZfl!l££?i££I£5*_Jl^rJ^£C5£^^ „ „.„'„ .-.'r, r, „.'.. " '
117.1. FIFTH RACI5— One mile, and an eighth; yelling; thr.»e.ypar-oldB and, up; purse. $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. K 4- K 8tr. Fin. I Jockey. ., |Qp. -. Cl.
-1170 Ftorm Klnft. 6 115 8 .11 11 • 11 11, 11 I. Powell...... 5-2 ' 6
1154 Coda, a :..110 2 32 3 4 2h 4h. 2 ns Mounce....*... 10 "15
1K0 Gauntlet. 4 Ill 1. 6 1 4h 4 h: •. 2 h ' 3 4 II. . Shields..... 7-2 : -3
114r> Htuttpnrt.'4 ..........11015^ ,54 - 72 6h Bl ' 4 2 ..' Ruiz ;..-. <10 ••¦•¦• 8
1145 Dr Marks. D....... .112 4 '4 4 64 7 1 7 2 6 h Basslnger .... - 13 . 15
H64 AUenna. 3 101 1 8 7454-6 1 «1 « 5 - H. Stuart.".... 11
1140 'Anchored. 4 10«! 7 24 23 31. .34 '7 2 ' Bozeman ; -20 40
1144 Croker. 4 ...'... ."...:. 11819 9 ; . 82 R3- 83 85- Fauntleroy ..: 30 10>)
1164 • None Such. 6 ...122| 6 8h 9 9 9,9 Dlngley .. 60 150
Time— 4. :W4: %. :JS; %. 1:02%: ¦%.¦ 1:23; mile, 1:42W: 14m, 1:5514. Good start. Won eas
ily.'second and third driving. .Winner, E.I^andsberg & Co.'s: blk. h"., by Imp. Whlstle
: Jacket-Grenadine. Winner nicely rated. Stuttgart cut off on back stretch. -/Allenna rid
• den the overland. _-- L -- J^ jr) _ <^__------ 0^-._ 0^^ _ _ ' _ _ ; I '2 - I '""
1 1 7H. HIXTH nACI>-One mile and a sixteenth: three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400. ;
Index. Horre. Age. Welght.lSt. % 6tr. Fin. t Jockey. , |Op. = CL
(1157) Mortgage. 3 ........ 88 1 lnlh 13 1 U .1 1 . Ranch:..-. i^ T^
(1150) Rosinante. 6 .....:.. 107 4. 58 56 ' 4 4 3 1 2n H. Stuart.;... 3 14.5'
(1170) Snips, 5 107 2 41 43: 58 213 4" Mounce....... 10 25
1150 Morlnel. 5 ..102 3 32 2hl 31 44 41 JcWoods..... 15 ?v
; 1168 -The Fretter.. 4.".. ...108 5 23 3n. 2h 55 53 Buchanan .... 6 S
1U2 Inverary II, 6.... ..104 6 6 8 t - t - ¦ ° . 6 ' ": J. 'Daly.-.'..-.... JM ;oo
Tlme^-1-l*,. ;07; 5-16. :31; 9-16, :654; 13-1B. 1:214: mile, 1:41; 1 l-6m,, 1:47. Good start. WoTi
Sret three driving. . Winner.. Burns &;-Waterhou»e's b. f..* by Montana-Lottery- i Roslnant»
mlRht have won had she pot^been bothered in ,the stretch. The Fretter was ¦- sore in his
, shoulder. - / ¦...¦¦ HHHHBHBraftSSflKi ' ' ' ' '"' " -
4
FAMILY WASHING.
¦ - * - - * ( j
Why turn the house upside down
every Monday, make your husband dis-
gusted with life, nearly suffocate the
children with steam, make yourself ill
with overwork and annoyance, when
you can get your washing so cheaply
done by the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offlco 1OO4 Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone— Office. South 4-2O,
Laundry. South 418.
HICHUND SPRINGS
J. CRAIQ and H. R. WARNER, Men.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croo.net
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livtry.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guide*.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hnnter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) wul o*
ben to welcome bis boet of friends.
OVER SO MINERAL SPRINGS/
Rates. $18. $1J and iu per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade,
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening; Oeorge
W. Watson, Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLT GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COTJNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 318 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on •'aleat
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth • and Webster streets. Oakland:
AHTIENS. PEIN & BULLW1NKLE. CO Post
street, San Francisco. -y-''.'^
Take a Hot Sand Bath
Free country life among oak-clad
hills away from wind and tog: a , ¦
fine hotel with every modern con-
venience and new home-like cot-
tages. Beautiful hill and valley
drives. FAMOUS MINERAL
MUD and HOT SULPHUR and
SAND BATHS. Enjoy life and re-
gain health.
AT PASO ROBLES
HOT SPRINGS
Flowers and well kept grounds,
tennis, croquet, shady walks and
groves. Rates, including hotel,
baths and physician's attendance.
$10 to $21 a week. Write for Illus-
trated booklet.
SFE01AL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
Frank W. Ely. City Agent. TeU
Red 2336. 640 Market St.. S. F.
Otto B. Never, Proprietor. Paso Boblts, C»l.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
t\L Hours' ' Ride - From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRT CLUB,
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to ...
v ¦ GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
621 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Loa Anrelea. Cal.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages ' renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, reat and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 8. 7.. 9 a.
to. sod >:43 p. m. daily. Carriages at Oilroy
tsr springs. For illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
. DR. C. C. O'DONSELVS SIINKKAL
SPUIN41S at Glen Ellen is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
stomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in
the world; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. anrt'N. P. I& R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 10214
Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this is the place to go.
\K I WM SPRINGS
OPENS MAT 1st. Round Trip, $3 75. Send for
circulars. FREESE & JUERGENSEN.
Proprietors. City office. MS Larkln -trect. ' .
@GLENWOOP HOTEL,
Amongr tbe redwoods. Santa Crus Mountains; 5
minutes' walk* from depot: cream, fruit, poul-
try: chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hall; acetylene gas. Round trip. $2 SO: $S
to $10 per week; fr«e carriage. WM. MARTIN
Glen wood. Cal.
V O F M I T F °k - hours f rom Sai »
I VJOL.1TH 1 L. Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route. Stages leave ' Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. It. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $32. For further Information call
or -address WM." J. WHITE, General Agent,
830 Market St.. S. F.; telephone Main S1S2.
HOITT'S MENLO PARK:
The beautiful ; grounds and new buildings at
Holtt's School will open to guests during June
and July; good accommodations, excellent table,
reasonable prlcea. Address IRA G. HOITT.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT. '•"'•
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
MfiNTFVKTA OPEN MAT 1st: tons of
fllUtl 1 C V 13 I A fruit: help yourself: illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
Flat.- Cat'
Free. Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser
is sent free on receipt of stamps to
pay expense of mailing only. It con-
tains 100S pages and over 700 illustra-
tions. . Send 21 one-cent stamps for the
book in* paper covers, or 31 stamps for
cloth binding to Dr. R, V. Pierce,
Buffalo, n. y.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And • • .
SodaJSprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
treated la the midst of grand and lmpresslT*
mountain scenery with Mt- Shasta
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTINO AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE. round trip. Including
sleeper both ways. ? 14.OO.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dresa: E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care Padfle ImDroT«ment Company.
¦ Crocker Building. San Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-dat*
accommodation*; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda. - sulphur and elcctrlo -
Uths: ewlmmlnsr tank 3ta«0 feet. Our msjmeurs
are til graduate*. Hunting; and Caning; chil-
dren** playground, croquet, lawn tennis an4
dance ball: largo hotel and X0 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by teas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. Ban Francisco, 9 a. in.; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:13 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to Bprlnn. Round-trio tickets $1. at S.
K office, CLJ Market street. Teleohon* and
poetofflco. For Illustrated pamphlets <ind fur-
ther Information address E. L. PEHRACLT.
M. D. proprietor and resident physician.
RQWARDENNAN
SOUTH BEN LOMOND. CAL.
OPENS MAT 15th under entirely new man-
agement. My personal attention will ty» paid
to the oulslne and service, which will be sur-
passed by none. Full Information at Traveler
office. W Montgomery st.. or
B. DICKINSON. Lessee-
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from TJklah, Mendoctno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place In the world of this class ot water*
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and tablo first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMEVER ft CO.. Proprietors.
CI/ArrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
OtVAVlJVIv? County; only 4ft hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural bath In State; grand mountain
¦cenery; »eod trout streams at door; telephone.
telegraph: dally mall and express; FIRflT-
CLA6S HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE;
morntns; and Afternoon Btag»«: round trip from
San Francisco only 15 50. Tiburon ferry
at 7:*> a. m. or J:JO p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
tit a week. " References— Any aruest of th» past
ov« years; patronage constantly tner-aslnif.
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lake Conntr ts
•rend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl,
tag tannts. livery, new walks. «tc. Writ* for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
Dally Stage Is
Now running to
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
Lake County. Cal.'
J. MARTENS. Proprietor,
Bachelor Postofflce. '
418 Pine St.. City Office.
CARLSBAD'tWHtRg:
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations firs:
class: J10 a week: llghtsd by gan.
W. R. MGOVERN. Kelseyvllle. Lake Co.
h r. p b c - TOCALOMA, "& w
BERTRAND HOTIL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for familes and par-
ties: fishing, bathlnr. beatutiftil drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl's
shoe store. 324 Kearny st.. S. F.
HO! FOR BLOE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel aeing built. Fishing, hunting
boating and bathing. For further particulars
address O. WE.SMAN, 41 Third st.. aTrTca?
THE GEYSERS, g«
ONE f-F NATURE'S WONDERS
-Natural ,rteam baths, swimming, fishing
W^RTHE^ER^anSe^ ** **»*"• *
H- MONTE HOTEL, 625,^x0*0.,.-
SSf nlfl riL Tlew> aRd fl »t-cla 9 » Iccomm^al
SANTA' CRUZ Mountalns-A quiet ranch, flvs
¦ES^toSJSS** Crua: delightful s5mmlr
5°™* 0 ™ 1 "! running water; abundanc*
W. i.tlAr<< DELL, Santa Cruz CaJ *• ¦ > -
The WfeHe Ken's Bar den
can be named in the single word — dys-
pepsia. It is the one disease, which more
than any other, affects f- | jri WjWftL&fi-.'i.- 1
It is co::i!non to all »a
classes a:id all condi- r*3 KScfiJfSS
tions. It makes life 5^
miserable. It mars pL. NJ2©?k&t
interferes with busi- W>£g \P^
ness and pleasure [Syf
alike, and it discou n ts WHI y
a man's usefulness k£9 '
just as much as it g5« ;
discounts his happi- 0£$$\ C
Pierce's Golden Med- p*P*f
lifted this burden 8h|^_
from the bodies of RvS&jSsrfe! £?§
hundreds of thou- 1% fij^l An
ninety-eight out of fe^S^^a K7
every hundred who l§|&K3|j8 E3
give it a fair and D^jKtt&jrejL Kj
"I u?«i ten bottirs of B3I
Dr. Pierce's Golden Mt-di- l£3i£JE&lgl f&l
csl Discovcrvand styeral p^SjHHKfeS *7?5
rial; of his l~l i ml JCijff'HiMjT &&a
frUrls • a vrar apo this BaSsS^Sb^ fl£»S
*prinp, anrf havr had no Bi*£S5r_ M^H
trouble with indigestion QfinflP^ Bh!
since." writes Mr. W. T. FjjJ!&«ftres5^F>EJE£5
Thompson, of Town- K'-I&j8a*%affio?!ffi%
send. Broadwater Co., •¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦•i ¦mi'TnEXJ)
Montana. 'Words fail to tell how thankful I
am for the relief, as I had suffered so much and
it seemed that the doctors could do me no good.
I got down in weight to 125 pounds, and was not
able to work at all. Now I weigh nearly j6o
and can do a day's work on the farm. I lhave
recommended your medicine to several, and
6hall always have a pood word to say for Dr.
Pierce and his medicines."
DR.;MEYERS SCO'S FAIR OFFER':
IF PATIENTS PREFER THEY
may deposit the price of a cure In any
. San Francisco bank, to be paid- unly
< after they are well, or may pay In
monthly installments. Prices reason-
able. No other doctors will make such
an offer.
They Cure the Following Ailments : }s
Private Diseases ' Lost Manhood
Varicocele- Nervous Debility
Hydrocele ¦ Loss of Memory
Bladder Diseases Wasting Drains
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness
. Spine Diseases Blood Poison
Rupture Despondency
Advica and Consultation Free.
SPECIALISTS— Estibligifi at»rly 20 years.
T3I MARKET ST., S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
f Dally. % to 5.
HOURS: •{'Evenings. 7 to 8.
I Sundays, 9 to 11.
?Medlcinrs Free to Patients.
1
The Main Cause of Sickness
Is Impure Blood.
If you have symptoros— such as headache, tired feellnq, nervousness, Im-
paired digestion— a remedy should be taken trjat purifies the blood and
corrects these minor derangements, which are nature's warning of approach-
Ing disease, and If not checKed rrjeans njucb suffering In after years.
TdKe ELECTROZONE. when these rolldsyn)pton)s- appear. Doo't wait til'
they develop Into chronic diseases before you comrnence treatment. Purify
your blood and check disease. . '
: ELECTROZONE Is Known to-day as the best of blood purifiers- , It renjoves
all Impurities, givlos tbe blood richness, purity and nourishing power. .
Elec^zone
i _ . _ ._ " Rheumatism, . Female Complaints*
P 1 1 R k Q ¦ Kidney and Bladder Troubles, Nervousness,
VUllL-O i Stomach Troubles, Catarrh,;
' si , All Blood Diseases,; . Dyspepsia. ;^
•¦* At DrUKBiets. '¦-.'-.¦' •¦*--'-V *-:.•"•'¦" ••' '•¦•'-¦• •'. ¦
K II a bottle. Send for pamphlet to ELECTROZONB M*FO. CO.. Ban Francisco.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.QUESTIONS FOR THE
STREETCAR MAGNATES
Mayor Phelan and Supervisor Ma
guii-2 Preparing Queries Regard
ing Expenses and Profits.
Mayor Phelan and Supervisor Magulre
have b^on busy framing: a set of ques
tions which will be asked the streetcar
magnates at- Thursday's m-»etlnjr of the
Street Committee. These questions relate
to ',he flr i ancjareo:i<lltion of the corpora
tions. Th?y include requests for informa
tion regarding the daily receipts and ex-'
pondliureF, -the extra cost of trailers, cost
of tfe< Market. Ftrect system, bonded ln
<5eUt^<2npfrs. arranp«raents. for '-.transfers
betwwn 1 he various 'lines, amount paid In
civld-endsand the present value of the dif
ferent yysterhs and whether, a commuta
tion ticket at* a reduced rate would be
more satisfa.ct.ory than 2*6 cent standup
fare:., ;.- - • -.-; ...:?v-.--.;!; ;. ¦ .. ¦ ¦¦: ¦•.,;. :¦-;;'
Fell Eighteen Feet.
. E. J. Beringer, a carpenter living: at 236
Lexington avenue, fell from a scaffold "a
distance of eighteen feet yesterday while
working at a house, 32S San Jose avenue.
He escaped with a contused hip and abra
sions on his face.
Robbed His Friend.
George Baker was yesterday held " to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Fritz on a charge of grand larceny,
In $2000 bonds. He came from Manila re
cently with Fred A. Newcomb, both hav
ing belonged to the same regrlment. They
were rooming together at 130 Ellis street,
and Newcomb says Baker stole $70 from
his pockets while he was asleep. -
Ask for Allen's Foot-easeV
A powder. to shake into ycur. ehoesl '¦ It rests. the
feet arid makes walking easy.- Cures" Corns and
Bunions, Swollen, Callous and Sweating feet.
Sold by all druggists and shoe stores, 25c. Ask
to-day. Sample FREE. Address, Allen S. Olm
sted, Le Roy. N. Y.
Sentence Was .Too .Previous.
..'Thomas. GoldenV" a so'n,. of -the. jate well
khpwn')undertakeri.^ ; as' : i6nvicted before
Judge- Fritz:;yesterday: on" complaint bi
his brother-in-law' on., a ¦•charge of va
grancy. He was sentenced to six months
in the County Jail. After being sentenced
he communicated with Attorney Sullivan,
administrator of his father's estate. The
attorney was indignant and Insisted on the
case being reopened. It was placed on
the calendar for further hearing to-mor
row. . ¦ . i ¦ .......
SCOTT ACCEPTS PARTIAL !:
PAYMENT OF TAXES DUE
Corporations Tender Second Install
ment en Real Estate and Personal
Property Other Than Bonds.
Tax Collector Scott yesterday accepted
a number of partial payments of taxes
due by banks and corporations; where the
rematalsg portion is in dispute, though
xY.n City Attorney has advised the City
.treasurer that a taxpayer has no right
to tender only a portion ot his taxes and
oo:npci a. receipt therefor. The opinion
yrows out of the refusal of certain banks
and other corporation? to pay taxes on
bor'Js and offering the Tax Collector only
their taxes due on real estate and such
ether personal property as they have
heretofore l»e«n in the habit of paying.
A number of these corporations tendered
a. portion of their second installments of
taxes which fell due yesterday. Scott ac
cepted the money as his predecessor had
do:ie on the lirst installment, but he Issued
a receipt It: which It was agreed that the
acceptance of the amount shall not be
held as a waiver of the city's right to col
lect anv additional sum or to enforce any
ricrbts In the collection of such taxes or
penalties.
T'nder Lane's opinion the Treasurer may
refuse to accept the portion so collected.
War Stamps for Nome.
•;' j; :Bi- Mull.aV;." assistant Internal .revenue
agent.;; left- this „•' city , yesterday;;. on the
steamer -Portland for Cape N<?me,' which
he expects to reach about June 1.'. He
will establish at Cape Nome and St. Mi
chael stamp offices for the sale of pro
prietary and documentary internal reve
nue war stamps.,
Good trunks, valises, dress-suit cases
and traveling rolls in our leather goods
department at lowest prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Orders will be Issued to-day for. the
election of officers of the First Regiment
of Infantry of the National Guard, to be
held on the 10th inst. This will include
the colonel, lieutenant colonel and three
majors.
Field Officers of the First.
British Aristocracy Blamed.
r. Many-. people attribute the recent reverses af
theBrlttsh' to the degeneracy of the aristocracy.
The- life" of -Juxury certainly does not produce
vigor.: ¦-•.-, Indigestible suppers, late hours, - con
stant,; nerve :stra!n' and lack of exercise upset
th* : : - : .«itbmacji i '-.and 'weaken both physical and
;in.ental: v i'vitaJ.tty.'t«-.The • blood that makes men
heroes: must :come '..- from active, healthy storn
acha.'. liostetter's Stomach Bitters purifies the
blood arid strengthens the stomach. It cures
constipation,:; indigestion, dyspepsia and bill
pusne.ss. • " '.' • - . '7^-'-\
iTi : h Ji'-'^ayjEma^gii^Has j a.-^D^sperate;-
Fight With Them and Succeeds
in Arresting One of the
Culprits.
;? rPcjlicemah.iT. ;'J:o Kavanaiiglv. had '"..avdes^
¦ : p?Vatfi : .:;ftght;^th' : i ; h^f^y^u : nj?>^
::fet^.:^nday.'ni&ht : :at;-S^th^arid^Blu^
strff t>- \ ' n • < tho name
of John Greer told thf <>i! , r Kit th<»
¦ ; :::- had-'atta'cked him.
.: 'After,; the- officer, had .arrest^divth'e ;trl6;
they walked with him a fr ;uc-" -. - n
hts ; h^trri^ Xiq ff • r^V hile'
stpopinpr, to pick. lt--'up"- Ka«ah : agh:.. : .Wa's.
strUck-'oh. the '.head and. the tHr<><> jtttacJked
him: ¦'.:. ; Kavanaugh . knocked Mhcni v dbwh
with-Ah*.!? -flsts'-one after the .Pthf>r..~ ; vTwb
of -.them- thought they .'; an( l
fled." : The. third had to be severely handled
.before :being subdued. He was. arrested
on ; a charge of .battery, and gave the ¦name:
of -Jack Quinlan^' Kavanaugh.kn'bckedvhls
.Uttle : linger out of. joint in .the .tight :sihd
injured his knuckles. ;¦' ¦¦:•' '~.\':k\ '¦;.'¦.: - • ;¦.
POLICEMAN ATTACKED
BY THREE HOODLUMS
COLONEL VICTOR DUBOCE .
VERY SERIOUSLY ILL
Former Commander. 1 : of .the ; First
. . -. California Volunteers Is Not
Expected to Live.
Colonel Victor : D. : Duboce. lieutenant
colonol of U!<- Fir«t IUci: out <">f jnfantry
of the Nationnl (Juard and a member of
the Hoard <>f - ¦ ¦' - *ined tc
his home.-fixr IJaki r stroet, l>y n severe
aj:tack: : -cif 'Ullness i ; ing;.malaria>;:cbn
tfacted.'.while.-'-'iti; command ¦• of '• ; the. .'First;
Re'jf lme'nt of '; Volurit eers : irr the
¦philippines'i-.-.Shortly-- after.' His.- •¦fel'ur'hr with
'hlg'''reglm.enfv8ym'pt^S".V».{v ; ";.the'v disease
advt.sM lo-':rest^ but •he.;c.ohttriued- ; at.' w.ork :
and" his "."ambit iqri:>was:;;tpv:see •-'•the;-: First
Be^Jinent of "the .National Guard, re-estab-:
•lishe'd.:'.'- T.o.-;-thii't«;t'ndV'hV',--'ilevp-tetl-:'a." ;'ifre'at:- :
deal- of .time : ¦: /and • attenticm. ;.Uf : :fpurid'
: more :'d tfll^ul ty? : In : tha t wo rk: t h.i n he : ha d .
i:ntlcipatea: ; :::TiiiP,-:with^the car^s of;;p.ub
itc rtu' tfesi ; :;'..tol.(l:, ; ;.upqh his: w^aketied.'isystem'.
'to.' Such : 'nn::fxtent':thaf : hi? .' f rlends;":!' orbed
him .to •;' go ¦;-..t.b.:-.'Paraisp '• Springs,:: where he
reniaini-d for two-; weeks; "-.¦ 1 retii'rn'ing:"--last 1
Friday: :y.He:. was.: taken the- night ;of ; his
return • with: a/high fever, arid;. Is -now; in. a:
very/' serious • condition. „ ' .¦"--; - ; : .v.' s : V" ¦/'• ! : ''•';''-':¦.
TEACHERS ARE READY -^m.
FOR A GREAT OUTING
Promise of a Successful Day; /With
the School Children at Glen
The big celebration: of the 'teaJchers
¦will open In Glen Park this' morning... : ;It
will be a great day.'ifUllof: eritertalnineiit
and excitement, with a May Queen to . be
crowned with appropriate ceremonies and
music and dancing until the day runs lht<j
darkness. ' •• •: .••-..- -•-,. -.-J-J ;¦'¦:, A ¦¦:/. : .^'.-.^ .•.;;¦¦..'.' i
During the morning there will i>e a pa
rade of school children, .a drill" by the
boys and girls and calisthenics under the
direction of Professor .George MIehling:
Then there will be races for the children
and games of various kinds until the ex
ercises of the afternoon begin.- .There
have been prepared four programmes to
last from 1 o'clock In the afternoon until
6. They will all be given in : the theater;
The first will be the crowning of the May
Queen. Jessie Eva Swift: It : will, be a
most elaborate affair, participated in by a
large number of children, and -will be ac
companied by ; -.- the time-honored 'dance
round the May; pole. There will, also, be
fancy dances by . the : children- of-. -the
<jupen's court. The : second programme
will include music and fancy dancing. The
1 hird will be a flag drill, - with music,
dancing, club swinging and calisthenics
and fancy marches. The fourth will .be
cither the first or second programme .re
peated. . - ¦ '-';. -'¦ - : - '•;.: -¦';¦¦ •:. ; ' '-• ,. I-."": ,. ¦¦<
The park has been specially decorated
for the great occasion and extra arrange
m^nts have been made to make the. caf
service to and from; the grounds capable
In every way to handle the crowds that
will attend. The sale of tickets has '¦ al-'
ready shown that the- crowd will be . a
large one. and everything points to a most
successful celebration of the day. ;. The
committees of teacher? have been at work
for several weeks on the various depart
ttfeQts of the celebration, and everything
•vvlll run smoothly. . . .: . ¦ .. •;.¦¦- ¦ ; .
He Received Hundreds of Dollars for
s : ..-Shares in an Imaginary Oil .
'kf):)f\ '¦ " Company.: ¦ , ;
John Barstow, alias James Buckner
Blair, alias Robert Deuprey, the man who
Used the. United States mails' for the pur
pose of swindling the heirs of dead men
by collecting on a pretended transfer of
stock of the "Onetda Oil Company," was
taken 'before United States Court Com
missioner. Heacock yesterday: morning
and identified as required by the statute.
Jh6 United States Grand Jury will take
•upi 'the'. case at once, and''' after -the In
dictment Barstow will go before United
States District Judge de Haveir and plead
guilty. "V;/ ;.i ; ¦:-, r:'-\ '¦;:¦:
.Postoffice Inspector Erwin had gathered
such a large, volume of evidence against
him.tha^:he confessed that he and John
•Bapstow;- secretary and agent of. the oil
company, -.were one and the same. person.
.Inspector. Erwin said yesterday that
..Barstow's .scheme was .one. of. the : most
clever/and most novel that he had ever
¦heard, ofiih" all his experience. Barstow
;kepf. track 1 of the names and. addresses of
business men who had died on. this coast
within --.three' or four weeks and addressed
printed circulars -to them calling for the
.'last "payment of. $5 on ten shares of the
stock, stating Incidentally that the stock
'hsjd.cost the deceased- $15 per share: that
¦the shares had reached $100 each in the
market, • and .that regular monthly- dlvl
dendsof $1 per share were being, paid to
shareholders. : .,, . ¦ ¦ . •; . .:•.
. .The relatives. and executors of the dead
men thus addressed did not want to lose
$1000 -; worth of stock for the sake of a
paltry" $5. and In '.-. nearly every case sent
the. swindler. a jaostal note or a bank check
¦for the : -nmount«'"- ¦•¦ •. :'; •••
BOODLER BARSTOW .;
i;;^: -\ : ; confesses guilt
J3rpkien Shaf t Was vllepairisd at ;-Hii.'bj
-;.:{^p^^Frt>m.^rhere the Kuii to ;Sa^: :1 ;
Francisco Was a Good
One.
:.. The ¦¦¦ steamer; Cleveland, • about: which so
much thas' ibeeti' ' w.r 'itteny Vfl-rrly ed ; lri\ pqVt
yesterdaY: :&f t er '.a--. good .' run -. of :• fourteen
.'•-¦.- .• ti Ullo. She left Kehel fqrty
eight 6 - i-. i ; ¦ if>n two days out
;bipfce..her'fehiift::^^
JuIuV^but bpfbre^a : 5tearner .'CGiuldvreach; the.
"dibbled ; 'j . y^Ssel'lV.. paptaln; vKiltgard !•"' -hafl
¦trje'd.am^
age w.i ¦ paired Tho run to San Fran
ci^ro v, - in, > ¦: f .1, but much to the dis T :
; giist; ; <>f.''the. ; :cai?tairi7ahd^crew.:tlie;|Gleve- :
:.lahd;.-'was.\placi^/ : in vqu&Tantlhe..- •¦It.^yni
prblbabiy^he; -the-^end- of^ihe :.week befo'rd:
8he is releaspd.
PortlTnd S*',5. for Nome.
Anotli.-r stoamer ssiiled Kjr the gold
llflds ..: th" m rth yesterday. Tho Alasita;
1 (imnv :• s il ¦ nmpan> -! ..;..-.' • .
tlurintr t|ie turnoon with in<ir«* th.irs .
"i I i'j i s .« ¦ • n' p.t ¦ ? s ¦„ '¦:; i ll ;¦ .0 f .•¦ av lib m> « p ec t ; ' "t 6;:- rc\i cli
< th.-.;ji.Uv-;./Kl,I.)Qra:do;*arlyi.in:Jun.P : ;; ¦;On ; '.-her:
>' -'• "! • li' I'ui iI.m ii will st ¦)¦ at Un
alaska and St. Michat-1. fit which points
¦ tiiei' p'.a s's'en'KiM-s'.',-v-'i ! 1 ; Kt-u ; :r : nnvllashore; -'a'n'd'
, - tin i ••• -. n iys i'.. M1 d . y , x imi
and York.
- " - Water Front Notes.
:>: The, transport, ''Aziec-yyraayrefe&ise&'ioytiliz
:^ye'iti^jsftt-.\^ei5terjia-y;':.flnb. : - ! .wjll-V.\r^surni!5
¦h^r.;;t : rIps-: : to':: ; the;;.QrI.eVt:uiid : er/tb^--Pa''dflc''
;Ma[lV;fla : g«; : .;>'; i----': : '\ : -- 'C~-.-\ : ': '"J '-: : .f : - '¦
V /The vWeStrnlnster, 'silled for> Manila '¦¦yes
.t<-rday..;;v\vtth. :a;;;full:;.earg-6' ; of Vsiij-ipHes :for
.th<»- :Rol(ii.'-TS;-:.a.iirt- -i fid tier: : -i' or: the-.-:-h6rses: v '•--"¦ .' :
;.'^He-: ( l"liiushirev:;.docked. : - ;yp?terday. ; ; : a;rtd
; ':::tlier: ; \V»'Ktnilnsi/'r.^ih^--fe\v;:
.
/. : ;Tli6;.:':WarrenlsaI]s:to-day;;\vnh^;s6ldle ; rs ; ,
'ia'n'd supplier i >i '' . u
'..MThe:H:i.ntiiSFf' ; -«=teairif>r' S'trathe'yleT: which ;
left\here./.for :ihp;;pFient: yia'- : Saii?nif<Kq -.u
,fc;W:;weeks apo^isqri nre : ';4n\K&b& Harbbr^
¦AcgordlliKf v taV•:tl»¦e^¦:^al8i i ';t.oj^;t.h^^Me^4¦
chiahts 1 :• txchange ; . the chances :were gpod
for ; putting the::blaze: but < -without . much
'-damage'': to- vessel v.or-.'cargb.v. ;.>. :.-•.'... ".. ; . ..."• • ••'..'
Steamer Cleveland Arrived
From the Islands in
Safety.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
,: PiFSHE -municipal -law: : known '^s the. transfer brdinanc.o. has.been upheld -.by
¦ : 1^ the' Supreme. <:purt; To give : away -a -streetcar- transfer; Is.- consequently
:V. •¦; .11 " : in^ vJolatlbn .of the and' the/offender, ifcaught, is subject to punish^
'.¦'•¦••/¦¦:.¦-¦ ; ":.;meht;>;Thisv : .dec'is^n : -wasv-fi£inaea SoJ/n yesterday ln:theVhabeas.-.cor.p;us:
/>'ca.sc^pt-MenryYIJ3rerizeh:',<"<.'y'K^»:^:"':t '-V 1 '^':.' •:"¦."•!"• "°"" .¦ I .¦:-" C • •'-¦ -\~',
, "i;. •:On ; Jun'e.io; 1896; the;'Supervisbfs : passed : ;:thevordinance in. question., for' the.
./purpose of: controlling' the disposal of -transfers; by persons other. than..coh- :
"ductbrs.- The order made. 'the, offense purilshable;..by ; -a .fine., not- to exceed. $500
1 V or in. "the-. County". Jkil not ";.tp' exceed si?c -months, : or ; both. ;• ! .
,...":.. -Henry". L;6rehzen was apasseiiger.ori >a Powell street; car. last June; and
,;¦; took a transfer to the" Market -stTeet line, which '„ he gave .to a newsboy,
. He was detected by Policeman' James- Cullinane- and •sentenced by Police
• Judge Treadwell to pay n fine, of $20.6r goito jail for twenty days; . Loren
1 zen went to Jail. He at ohceA applied for a writ, of habeas .corpus, which
.was granted.. Argument was made in 'November: . ¦'• '.-'.;' . ;•'
Lorenzen- contended that, -in the first place, ;tne transfer was his personal
1 property, and the taking of it' f rpm. him : was.- .in: violation of the Federal
. .constitution,: which declares that personal property. shall not be taken from
the. owner without due process of law. ..He. further contended that:.if. was
'. not within the jurisdiction of the Superyispfs; to pass' such a law as- the
• transfer ordinance in question. ;- .'.V ; 'v -.."•. : .S;- .'.* ''. \ : - '•'¦'¦ -". ': ~^>'- '?¦¦' ¦¦.', '¦'¦"'."; ¦'}'
: ' ; Justice Henshaw, who wrote, the preyailing opinion, holds that a streetcar
transfer is not personal property, but the 'evidence,, of a contract between the
passenger and the streetcar companies, : For a passenger. to give away the
paper slip or transfer is a violation of the; contract, according to. the Judge's
opinion. Such a violation Is an abuse," which, .if it were.' allowed to become
general, would demoralize the transfer system, :by. which the public is ben
efited. The result, would' be that the tmrisfer. system would either be discon^
tinued or such- a public nuisance that.the injury would.be greater than the
. benefit: .Where public benefit and convenience are concerned the Supervisors
. have the. right to establish police regulations/ .Hence they had a. right to.
'make such a- law. While it .Is true; the bfricials.'haye no right to take private
property without due process of law, they : have a: right to regulate the use. of
private property -.where public convenience is r concerned. : ; .-¦¦¦¦ .^ -.'¦¦:''_ '¦
/".:¦ -The writ was dismissed" and Mr. Lbrenzen remanded to . the custody, of
¦' *- + Vi«» nn1!/»£» ¦ ' = -.'- ° -'..;.:• • ' ' • . '. ' , •.-.¦¦ . :. ¦¦¦¦ *. ¦ "V -:.>'¦;¦• : •'¦.:'.¦ : -- . . ; '
the Board : of Public Works . to collect . the sum
of $10 prior to .the Issuance of.- a permit.. .: : ....:
•• The California Special Messenger Service, was
granted permission to' erect and maintain over
head.wires, .according- to the regulatipns of -the.,
"board,.-- -•'•-.. ..': ' '¦'%•- . •.'•'.'.¦¦•;.¦••.¦.- "" '.¦'..¦'' m -J -"
¦ :'; The Tesolutlpn'sdlrectlng '-.t}ie' : ; Auditor'-',- hot :;t6"
. pay any mahey'.'.but 61 .the StJ Mar>'.'.s-,p.ark-.fund:
: for other purposes cWas ; ref.erred,.tb'..the- Finance.
Committee.. .•.¦'¦.•; ¦ : . •'...•. ~ ; ... ¦'"-¦• : '.;•.•..•.-.: -V-- "'• : .v ;
; The .resolution- ' 'directing ¦:-. the xSprlhgr; Valjey
:\\'ater Works to pllPty 160 hydrants tp remaln,ln :
ipla.ee'.- until ; July 1;' ' arid that . .provision ••be .made,
:iri the next- tax '.'-. levy vfor- their payment,-.. wa«
.referredito- the :Firiance : Coihmittee;--; .¦.•';.. : -." :
'¦; ¦ Supervispr d-Ancona: lntrpduced. .a'..resoju.tion.
¦which' was . posjtpon'e'd-: for two. .weeks;, providing'
for ..the.helecttpn of a site 'fpr'the. propi5"se'd-riew-.
City and; County: .Hospital at the he>id.pf.-,:N.lhth ¦
"a\'«nue.:..iri ; '.t ; he . western.' ;pprtlon:-"Pt the. Alms- '.
house' tract.:'.' ,''¦< :C '':..•¦;•¦ ¦;¦'¦'.'¦'¦ "'>¦'.'¦. ''^.'¦^¦¦'¦ : :~ .!.•''". '.\-.
- >' A- resolution'; was', adopted' glyinB notice: of .the
intention Of' the- board -to .-require : all overhead;
•wires to.be removed'. aiid .placed -in'- underground-;
:cPhdults..:pn;prVbef6Te Janiiary'.i.viTOl.-. ;•;¦:.¦'.-¦: •¦.;¦.
¦ _'• '{-. '¦.:' - > pfficial:.pbtrimuhicati ; 6n.s. ; /. -' V ; : ;: •:¦
J'-The''':fpil9'rins--pfflbial 'communiGation^-were
received:.'.;'- '". " " "¦¦¦ ". • • .¦¦}¦'¦ ¦¦':::'¦'¦¦¦'.•.¦¦¦'/¦ :: -^'-^- :
: . .Board . of?. WorkPT^Rpcpmmendlng: 1 the full ...ac
ceptance : .Pf ¦ the ' roadway" pf Sari • Jose; avenue,
between .:. Twenty-sixth , arid : Twenty-seventh
streets- •:: that Willard ¦ street." ' f rom i I Fulton ¦; to
Turk';- be declared an ppen. Dtibllc «treetJ •¦-... ¦'¦¦'
' -.'Park .Commissioners— Submitting an; : estimate'
of. the' expenditures fpr the next-fiscal'. year;.at
5390.000: ¦-...• ••. ' -.- • : .' . ' : "•-.'• ¦. ; -' ;¦ .-¦; ¦ ¦¦¦.•¦-¦ ¦¦ .
. :Chief.pf Poilce-^Statlngr that he has given his.
men'.instructlPiiVto allow- any' awning tp. remain,
which jpes n.Qt 'conflict with the '.regulations ,6t
the-.Supervlsprs-and the. charter. .7- . .'vV--. ¦;.'_.>• :/¦-.'
:¦¦¦¦:¦:¦¦:; Eef erred to ; C6niihiftees:;' :^^;v :'¦
,'. The'., foUowlng; -petitions were referred, to "/the
proper committees^' .'¦'¦'•; \ ,.'•; •: "¦¦'¦¦.:. ..•¦.-,"-:.' ¦•"•'•:.
-.•¦•¦M;Brket-5treet and Eureka' V.al!e^ Improvement 1
Ciub-^Tritiave fneluded.lh.vthe ; next: tax ¦leyy;,a'n'
.appropriation, ofr $20.-000" f pr-the purppse ;pf • rhpdi;-.
.fylpg.'the Krade pf : Jlarket.etreet;- between Qcta-.
via 'and' Ftfte'enthi'-also, for; ari-apprppriatidn' of
$3(KH>' for- a\brahch ;¦: public-library -.In -.thej vicinity
-of-.-Marlfpt.-.-.<7u!=tr'ft and :Se\-enteerith' streets ;. also"
for an 'appropriation -:tp. permit.the'= extension- of
th¥' : elestrlcJ-lfghtinr systtiin .the ' full 'slength^pf
:Market':streetvK -.&':¦ ;'¦•;.-* :;'• '.¦%';'':', '¦•¦-¦¦¦'/". '¦¦.-. '¦-¦'¦':¦:':'¦ '¦/'¦
.. Shermanr'iv.ehue property OwhersT-Requestlng
ih" remnval:pf ..a fence ferected- by/the. Soii the-frt
:P i.^iffc Company :.Avh)chv6bstrincts'- Sherman.:' aver':
'nue>;.betweeh; \Vypmihg. 'jLyenuie." and- the. .old' : San.
7 lp.se"roiafi;: ;¦' ; ; ; : '¦:¦• : ;;;. " ',.-.' ':...¦¦.;;;¦..•¦¦¦•.. '"--^ '..¦¦.,¦¦•¦"*¦:; : -.:.'
. Federation, pf -.. MlssJon.VJmproyemeht ...Clubs^
Requtstln'R -. an', aprr.ppflatlon-.pt .. $10,000- in the:
next: 'tax!' : :ieyy:: for -.the •:lmprpvem'erit.-"of: • Holly.
Park,
'.'•¦¦'¦ North -.-Geritriil- xlmprbyertient •. ftlubTrrppposlnK.:
an. ejtt.enst.oh.bf .time.to:ihe.--l?aclnc Purety.<;qm-~
¦¦¦ i '. ¦• • -I': •• ¦ to ¦ ¦¦ mpl.ete ,..the.;IIair: of
Justice,
TO GIVE AWAY YOUR
T RAN SFE R S IS UNLAWFUL
Backs Down Prom His In
tention to liegallze- Ti*aGk ffi
."¦-"'¦" • ' Crambling. ~'.~ : :^ ''¦'¦
Supervisors Re-enact an Ordinance
Already on Statute-Books Prohib- . ;
'¦'. V; iting Pool-Selling on Bogs
",~'XO\ "7 ••.¦'.-"• : v and;-Horses..- -' --..;..""
: The fond hopes "of. the race track gam
blers were blasted at yesterday's meeting
xf the Boar 1 of Supervisors when Helms,
who has all: along been posing as their
champion,.- backed down from his ex
pressed determination to present his or
der licensing horse racing and allowing
gambling within the track inclosure. ' In?
stead of 'such an., outrage' being perpe-,
trated on the community. after all the sigi
tation .pronounced against It; by clergy
men and ¦ representative citizens, Reed's
order prohibiting pool selling on contests
between horses or'dogs was passud ;.'io
print. After the order had been'- read-To
bin, chairman of .the Police Committee,
stated that he had;^received the right :.to
jpresent an amendment wheii he had voted'
In favor of Reed's order in coinmlttce.
That amendment was practically . one
which had previously been beaten In the
board and. prohibited pool selling on con
tests between' horses, dogs .or men. ¦'¦-•He
saw. no .reason .to relntroduce; the .order;'
but: .he ••thought.: that ' the ! regulation- 'V'pf'
•.racing belonged more properly •to'-the'Ijeg-'
islature. . ',-..'; '¦.;¦¦-''¦'¦ <¦ • • : '.. ¦•¦ ':'¦"¦:',' -\'j-- : '-i i> : ' '. ¦
.:. "i will. Introduce^a resolution. sh6rtiyv" :
•said;.Tobin,'. "asking .the Legislature to re-^
strict .the racing season to'each"qounty..to.
thirty -pr'. forty days; •-•There are -/certain,
influences that have been brought to bear
to ¦.- open-'' Ingleside that-: 'la ..¦.'killing -' Jiorse
racing In this. city. I .am in favor ..of clos-:
Ing: all the. pool rooms and: I believe that
It : -; would b> inadvisable 1 at ; this time to
break down the restrlctldhs; on racing;'-' ' .'
¦' i It -was : then-thkt :Helms,''-'/whd. had: evi
dently; thought, better of. his expressed inr
¦ teption to request .-that. Ingleside, :. : jbe
opened, said meekly :.- s'. ! :_- : :--. .-•"•• : ..- ¦•'.-: .¦,-.
.. "I had an. ordinance which; I . wished to
present, hut .1- do .hot -care, to dp., : sd ¦ndw.'';
.: -Dwyer '.could see rid -reason . for. the;.pre>
sientatiftn of the order-since there Was.bne:
at present on. the .statute, books.substan
tially the same. .Reed explained : that : he ;
toad drafted the order at the request.: of
the Police Department, which .found . it
impossible toi secure a convittlon. because
there was ho : penalty imposed for .visiting,
pool rooms/ Mis order .supplied, the^iiils-.
sion and met-with. the approval <>f.;Ghlef
Sullivan., Brarideristein raiseda point :, of
order that the board could not re>enact a
statute -:• already •: irv^-force^ The; :-^ Mayor
stated that Reed's order was Intended to
correct.a technical error! discoverea. in: the;
old -law. '--. The/ vote -on passage, -to print.
was: Ayes— Bopth, : . Conite. .Connor; Curtts,.
Dwyer," Fontaha," Hotaiing, Jennings; Mav
gulre and Reed;Ctotal;-10.:-NoestrBoxton;
Brandenstein, : D'Ancpna, '.Helms,;,--5lcGar-
thy and Tbbinr:tb.tal.. G.:.. ;Dubpce and -Sa .;
derson. absent.' '.' ;.-* •'-'; '^v'^V.;^ V ; >.^ ¦¦'.'¦¦;.¦• '••"'
'..' The ¦brdinance; follows:- ¦•• ¦;•;;.:;:;;;.;.-> •-'. ;;";.';:.;
' Be "it pftJilned ;by ' the. -peppie'pf : ihe : -city and •
county' of San^FraJTciPCPJ ¦- ; '.••>w-^X : i ; "V-!N^'.V
Section : i: It-shall -be .'.unlawfui.for .any: ; r.er-,
eon In th<» clty : *n.d.cbiinty tp.5>-ll. or hu.v p<5p:8-.
t>r make bdolts 'pr inak* any..- bet; or '.waBerJn,;
any System' • of --¦ :.fec.isterihk.:';V)ets-.-.; or-. /.wagefe ¦;
wherein .hione'y. or .ot.h« i r..r : epre.sehta.t|on \pf.-.value.
cr other '•articles of yaiae;.are-;8taked -or -.pleaged
oh- Tace§.<)^ '.other! ;^htests'.;betw^en. ..horse's
dC*i5S : ! " l 'VC-:f Lv'-'.i-. .. : .-. '"..:¦ '-''?¦':' '.\'-\'^..'. *?.X :.-:-.' ¦ '•'".'¦ ..-¦ .- .' : -* '.-¦
¦ Section 2. Xo<persdn- 'othor ; »i*e. r Vpnfpe.tent\.:a8
a • 'witness-: if ,ffbrh -" testifying ;>».
Fucti concernlriE the off»>n='B: lri this ordinance...
defined on :thV- prou.n>I. -:th'at ; ?;i;ih- te? tlrnony,- may
¦cr.imiria.te :: :^uch:':W-ltr«- i f i ? i >*s':Hi::iV-"r..tti'e p.nVvipjon?
of this :prdlnanfce;- but rid- pn^ecUtXon^ein,~.«,tt-f
erward . : fee .¦•'-: ha <V-yt (¦;; l-n «,t ¦¦:• : sii <- h '•;.-. ><l t it? ss; : for ¦ ' any • ¦
offense dfSn"' in t.h> r,d! : n.T.r - «n< » rnl'ik
•which h» ". • . i
-¦-, •: ¦ ¦ - <¦¦¦¦% th» provl-
Flons of this • ¦• -M I" pullty of a
;misae.mpan<-.r. -Mr.il '.¦kViotv- r i «-'n.VlVtIon-..thf'.i-fnf ->h.ill ,
be' ruriished i5y;a;flrie:'pot: : f'x<w^tn^';f^:pr;;by:;
Imprisonment not excfpfll I
;Reed*s. spcoriil 'order.; rnakiiicr iit.'ia:- mli=-.:
demeanor to vyisit.. poolroom s.yrhet ¦?¦¦ with - :
considerable ;oppo? it l.oriv. Tbbln "mdyisdvxo.
amend the -brder V5=6 i as to include..-. pools' :
sold en prize-flghts.' but hi? motion-¦•:was
lost. ; McCarthy; held .that 3f betting'. an;
boxing contests .werei allowed ? '- the; ..¦ law
would be evaded and pool^ «/)<! <-=i:rfeptl
tiously on other corit^sts..<;onnor; thought
It would be bad.po.lfey tb pass thr onlfr;;
"The sports of .the city ptobd. behind/the..
Supervisors,"^^ said Cohn6r.,;^n(i:ypu:.Ga;n-':
not re-elect a Elemocratic ;.. board ,-agairi;
without- them.'*; .•-•;'v: ;; ..:.:; °. \''' J ',¦'<'.-¦ v-Vpf:
¦ The or.d^r, howpyer.. f ailed 'tO:Tbe.. passed'
to : print-.bv -the following ::;\-bte:.;. .' Aye.s^
Bboth. . Comte.;: Connor.' ¦, Curtis;:; VX)wy-er;>
Hotaiing. Jennings. Maguire;.. and Reed;;
total, 9, ten votes being necpssary. JSToesV- 1
Boxton. Brandenstpin, D'Ancona, : Fon-..
tana. Helms, McCarthy and Tobin. .•.;: -' , v
Tobin gave notice of reconsideration,:
and the order will be taken up again in;
two weeks..;: ' ':' : :-'.- ¦ ¦¦¦-. '?'-'. 'P. : '.' :
Reed's third-order, prohibiting the sellr
Ing of Paris Mutuels or betting on the
fractional part of boxing contests, went
over for two weeks by unanimous vote.:/
/Miscellaneous Business.
The Invitation of President • Newhall of the
Police Commission to the board to witness the
review of the Police Department at his reel
uVnee this mornlnf wan accepted.
The Board of Police CommlfMpners was di
rected to appoint an efficient phptoprapher for
the Pol'ce Department. ¦ whofe duties shall be
to photcKrs»r>h every person charged with fel
on} ; tn photograph premioes where crime is
committed and other exhibits, and to manage
the new Bertlllon system of identiflcarlnn.
An ordinance was passed to print KrantiriK
the Board of Public Works full charge and
control of all public . ways, street*, avenues,
etc. which may be opened, and the construc
tion and alteration of all buildings, the Hoard
of -Supervisors reserving the right to lmpone li
censes for all special privileges; also requiring
HELMS WEAKENS
IN THE PLOT TO
OPEN INGLESIDE
An opinion was handed down by the
Supreme Court yesterday to the effect
that Boards of Education cannot be com
pelled to issue teachers' certificates to ap
plicants who decline to take the exam
inations prescribed.
Alys L. Kemble brought action In man
date^in the Superior- Court of Tulare to
compel the Board of education of that
county to issue to her a teacher's certifi
cate of the high school grade.- She made
her. application upon the fact that she
held a California State University di
ploma, and her contention was based upon
section 1775 of the Political Code of Cali
fornia, which says that "the board may
also without examination grant county
certificates of either the grammar or the
primary grade." etc. The lady refused to
take an examination, and contended that
the word "may" should be construed as
"must." She won her point In the lower
court, but the Supreme Court takes the
other view of the case. It holds that toe
standard of proficiency may be dlff erenx.
in different counties. As a result the
county with the lowest standard would
get all the examinations and the candi
dates .after obtaining their certificates
could go elsewhere to teach.
: As to the language of the code, the Su
preme Court holds that it is not manda
tory, but. plainly permissive and discre
tionary.-.
Boards of Education Are Not
"MAY" DOES NOT
MEAN "MUST" IN
THE HIGH COURT
Compelled to Grant Cer
tificates.
Meaning of a Word Denned by the
Supreme Judges, and Miss
Kemble Must Take Ex
aminations.
Proposals Are Invited for the Con
, struction and Furnishing of a
Complete Municipal . Tele- '¦:!' '
.;• .. . phone Installation. -
A; resolution, was introduced by Reed
at ..yesterday's "meeting, of the; Board of
Supervisors whereby it is proposed to ac
quire a complete telephone system for. the
city. Reed believes that municipal owner
ship will relieve a. long-suffering commu
nity from.' the many, burdens and petty
exactions to which it has been subjected
by the local monopoly. '.- '¦• ' ; •". , :
Under the terms of the resolution, which
will • come up . for . adoption at the next
meeting, .proposals ;are invited for the
purchase by the city of Its own telephone
installation. The ¦ underground .conduit
system of wires is particularly specified
and the equipment must be such as to be
capable of ultimately serving 50,000 sub
scribers. The resolution follows: ..,.'¦
• Whereas, It la the Intention' of the Board of
Supervisors to -proceed In acquiring plans and
estimates of the cost of, public utilities In ac
cordance, with the mandate; of the new charter
in' that regard; -therefore/ be- it ¦••.•¦¦ :-.""*:---" " " :
. Resolved, ¦ That the Board of Supervisors ; of
the city and ¦county-;of-'San : .. : Franclsco i now In
vites- proposals'- for the', .construction -and ¦ fur
nishing to this, city of a- complete telephone sys-'
tern.:-'. ¦>•¦•¦'. •¦•:\- : ..." :••'.;¦: •'• --v"- ! : "t-.-' •':•:'¦ ':•-• "'• '• •
• ¦ To this: end': all persons, ".compahies/pr cprpo'r
rations, now' pperatinsr -.a: telephone, system :lr.
San Francisco^ as. well as.; those .not now oper-.
ating a- telephpne-B-ystem . In this.city. but de
sirous "of- maklne such an " installation ; for.-the.
city.'.'aLre hereby invited toi. submit proposals for
lhstalling and: transferring; t.o : thls : .clty a. com-'
plete : telephone systeni.'.-'r' '- '¦['.'..'¦"¦ ¦;-.:-.'•¦ ' -. ' '
' !' The •¦/proposals •=;: jsubm'l t ted' ; : under;' • this call
should include a complete, equipment, for. a cen
tral station,'. arid' for' the' necessary sub-stations; :
wires! to all parts of .the city. •. cpndults anJ
pbles'tP carry wires,'.- and all 'switch'-bpatdsand
other appliances; and things 'of whatsoever na
ture.':neces*ary •¦tbmake.the. Installation acom
plete'one. ready:' fpr : operati6n,-..and. thoroughly,
equippe.i. to .serve at-least '25,000 .subscribers. •
..The Installation throughout and . particularly:.
In the matter ''of -the; 'arrangement of. the central
station'.'- and ; .sub.-statlohs and: of : : conduits. for
Wires to-^be such as •tP.'permlt of ah'ultlmate
equipment : sufficient to; serve . flt -least .50.000
¦Each •.. proposal:' roust be' accompanied •; bjr ' an
itemized.''- statement -venumeratinK properties,
lands..- buildings;- cbhaults.,- poles,- wires,, switch-
boards' aind ¦ all /other-apiiltajnces 'of .whatsoever
nature':, whiqh; ;lt : Is -.•proposed to.-: furnlslv and:
must' ' be' ¦ accompanied'-; -wit ft; plans-.' and -.ppecl.fl-
¦cations ¦ land^speclflc' descriptions.;, of.-: all • pX>i>.
tipns'Vpf. :the' :pr.Qp6sed'--,installatl6h'-..such- 'as> to:
make'th^-.piTer, definite "and''cIearly>.lntelllKlhIe;
and ;inust, , js'et-- forth : ' what;; ' portions, tir". -..'parts : of
the. pro posed •¦¦instaHattbn- are'- -epvered. -by ;P»t-;
ent.rights and what royal.ties,.'lf any^ will ha.ye
io be.;paid'-..for the use ¦¦ot:sucti':paterit. rights.. -.-¦ ¦ -.
': ¦•'Proppsalg;'.' will : be; considered^ under "this i call.
.'whether'.the/nec'ess:aiT.'3 a .p4s;. : and.':bylIdihgS: are-.
Included pr'npt." -. v - '-"- .':";-.v '.'.¦¦.. ;-'\".h : " :¦-¦•' .'-¦' •".¦•
"¦-.•: All " wires' should -.be, placed under .ground;' «k
?f4Va8 i '-ma/yvb?KhpMght:-a'aylsabIft^l)y'.;'the'..p.ropQ-;'
.pent;- but -are;: required to .be. .so placed.: through-.
outjethe:-: streets.-. of :...thofe ¦•:portlohs"pf/'the. clty ;
¦known; as underBround.-ldiRtrlcts-.- -¦¦¦.- ¦¦'¦." - .,: : ,-\- ':
•••Prpppsals under -this:' cail:,are ta'.be; filed: with
the Clerk, of -the : Board... of. Supervisors' on .or
before ¦Augus.t-li'19 f *n. :,:¦.,.. .'. :.:- : - :v'v •¦-.¦•;; •••
Supervisors Will Proceed to
v' Ascertain the Cost, of : ;
: \ :.v I;;; One Utility. ? ¦ (
TO ACOUIRE FOR
CITY A SYSTEM
OF TELEPHONES
LICENSE RAISED
ON THE NICKEL
CARD MACHINES
Ten Dollara- Per: Quarter to
Be Collected on (jam^;t">
bling Devices:. . . v?
Cointe's Order Prohibiting Their
Operation Indefinitely Postponed
and Coinproinise Measure ': - ' •
Becornmended-. : . - '. ;
¦ , ... . .:•; . . \ . " ". - ..•:.:
Comte's order repealing the ordinance
licens>inc nickel card machines at $3 per
quarter and providing for the total sup
pression of the gambling devices was in
definitely postponed at yesterday's meet-
Ing of the Board of Supervisors and a
compromise measure raising the license to
$10 per quarter was recommended to the
Judiciary Committee for favorable action.
An oraer recommended for passage by
the Police Committee fixing the license
at $25 per ouarter was opposed by Comte.
It was explained that the license was in
tended to be a practical suppression of
the machines. Comte granted that little
revenue would be derived if the high li
cense was imposed, but said that it would
Jiot prohibit tne operation of the machines
altogether. r ..-;¦:
Former Superior Judge Levy addressed
the board on behalf of lower license. He
argued that the city should obtain as
much revenue as it could by a fair tax.
If it were placed at 525 the poor man who
was trying to earn a living would be;de
prived cf the privilege enjoyed by the rich
man, who could afford to- pay it./ : .He
thought that the number, of machines in
use would drop from lUCOto \i'jO .if ..the $25.
rate were adopted. . ''¦ :;¦¦¦¦¦.. y.- .'¦'¦ ' .'-~Y' ">'•'"> .-v-."
Brandenstetn amended ¦ the order.: mak-.
Ing it read 515 instead of $25. but his mo
tion was Jost. Hotaiing contended that If
the license were raised the' public: who
played the machines would suffer,:a$ tire
chances in its: favor would be consider-^
ably reduced. • Reed's amendment -to fix
the license at $10 was carried:-. The ordi
nance follows: ¦-¦ ¦: .'-';•• I"--.- ;:'. I, ,-;:;.-- : :5 ':'y_ ;X' V; ;
Each proprlrt or of any V machine, or' appar*
etus in which a d»;iosUof a 6-cent. piece or
any other r>iece of money or article represent-'.
inp money within or !n connection wlth'.eaid
machine whrrein crtaln cards are exposed.-. or,
by means of certain or a combination of cer-:
tain figures, tickets; . check?, numbers, names'
or ma;kf are exposed or ejected frorii.sajd
ir.aehine whereby the player or person opera*-.'
iner the machine, or any other person, • is/ em- '
?itl<*d to receive clears, clearettes or .liquor •
or a certain, number of drinks of liquors. EhalJ •
ray a license of $10 per quarter for each ma
chine co used. -¦ ¦ • •.:,.." ;>- ¦ •¦¦.•.;•";•¦. .-•'•.. -••¦'•'".
MATTERS OF MOMENT TO CITIZENS AND TAXPAYERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1900.
5
General Joseph Wlisakr has
¦wrrittea three exclusire articles
upon "My Eight MontHs in
' the Philippines." 1 The first of '
these papers appears, in the
magazine section of next Sun-
day's Call and will be the best'
and most 1 authoritative ac- -'
count ever published of the
conditions existing' inA ths
islands. c\ -
¦ v ' : . Don't Ml to try J
I BEECHp'S PILLS |
+ :,v»hen sufTarlng from any bad ?
j* .. condition ot tho Stomach +
T :¦.;¦"¦;.>¦;; .. or LJvar. *
+ ¦ ldrrntinnii:arrntt.nt dratrstores. I
sei..«. •;- ; -:y.;.-'.r ; - •" ' * • • ••>.**.!..%++»{
STRICTLY
mi \ RELIABLE
1^3 BR. TALCOTT
& CO.
> -i^t-LjS^^ Diseases and "Weak-
ONLY.
i\ \F// // 837 Markst St., Cor. Bti.
)\ J J Kntlre Upper Floor.
LESLIE C. HURST
Will find it greatly to his interest to
write to E. \V. MORANCY, admin-
istrator of F. K. HURST, deceased.
Versailles, Kentucky, or to ANDREW
THORN'K. MILLS BUILDING. San
Francisco, Cal.
Any one knowing him to be alive since
18S9. or knowins him to be dead, kindly
notify the above. -
T><-» 1 « r\ r\ Tht! covered passage-
KH.1H,C6 way connecting these
***»* >^^' two immense struc-
— tures places under
one management 1400
nr .r] rooms. 900 of which
allU. have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-.
— — — —^— — ers from every section
r* -i of the -world recognlxe
rjpQTin and appreciate the
ViiailU-, comforts and convenl-
• ' " - •- ences offered by -these
¦;¦ v*-. hotels. :>;¦; .
11/%4-Aln .American plan.. Eu-
XlOtOlS ropean plan.. . :•
Dk.dALL'i EtlNVlGORAf ORR^^
Five hundred reward for any $5|lo5
case we cannot 'cure. This secret 8"H "**|f ¦
remedy 'stop* all losses in 21 • it
hours, cur*i Emissions.- lmpo- Jt[J f^>
tency. ¦ Vartcocele; = Gonorrhoea. Jjp PTTf
Gleet. Fits.- Strictures. l*o*t £m< fVi.
" Manhood and all wasting effect* 3i*i_KiS
of. self-abuse -or excesses. Sent BKt^trlliia
sealed. U bottle; 3 bottles. $3; cuarnnteed o
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITXJTFX «!»' Broadway.' Oakland. Cat. Al»o
tor sale at 1073% Market «t.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. .- Send for free book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Oamiaria Bitters
IS ¦ A , GIIEAT RESTORATIVE. INVlGOa.v-
tor and Nervine. .
The raoft- wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs for both Mzea.
¦ Th« Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th* Kld-
. sty » and Uladder. ¦ SelU on its own merits.
, - NABER. ALF8 & BRUNR. Agents.
, tSS Market at.. S. F.— (Send (or Circular.!
m *%s# BE A FREE MAN!
/^^lh^~f*~&Sr e a Man Among Men! Be Strong and
£> M-'^h^V^^ Youthful !.'! Free Yourself From the
¦a EM^hW^ Chains That Hold You Down !
Yw /M*^l fe)$%M^&?S Nature intended you to be strong. You have the physique, the constitution, and
a? 3m?/ vto^b^tRS^*^- yet you do not feel the vim, the sand, the ambition one would expect in a man of your
Xtt JmS ~^$££*¥%k^n a^e. Whatlslt? Why a lack of vltality-the foundation of strength ? You have lost it,
(Pli^^ JZ&yfrrf&iZjtif^^ no matter how. Get It back; feel young, look young-, act youn£: Life Is beautiful when
• j|$f^ar: . '*&'*t$^*\\\ . you have health. I can help you. ' ., : = .- ; = ,«
•'w J?' JkJj&L •'.-'¦ Dr - . McLaughlin's Electric Belt, ¦ - /
i ¦''r^^l//&rxlw' A - : With Suspensory, for weak men, has brought strength; ambition r arid happiness to 10,-
• ¦"" /' ; J^^'-"-/Wflr^=^ 5 - : ' ; -Vir; : T"."-i 000 men In the pastyear;: • ;> . „¦ " ; r, -.:•¦:. .:¦'/•,,,- .-;¦¦;. v- .•¦¦-.¦. ¦¦:-,- ;,'¦-¦.-, -I
%'-'C~*&fy-' ' "•¦'''¦OTir 1 ''- 11 ' 1 ' Men. why will you be weak -.?¦•¦•¦ Why do you not listen to the echo of thousands of
• • ; ¦ ¦&' • grateful voices raised in thanks : to Dr. McLaughlln's Electric Belt ? .'Whydoyou on
fe.^^: V ••¦A»itr' \ from day to day losing your.nerve force, your energy, when -you see a cure within your
Wt"^ : ¦ • Ser^hA,' grasp ? Reach for it,/ take It to your, heart, and feel the life blood flowing- jumping;
'.'. Vi\ *u : •¦¦'••"V'- : - vw \ : dancing through your veins ; feel the exhilarating spark of life warm yourframe,. the.
¦ \u<» v : ; : \ : bright flash come to your eye.and.the firm £rlp^ to your hand^the grip which grasps
: ! A Ifl, V your fellow-man and tells him that- you have^^fourid your. Mecca— yburhave regained
' ' W>k : -:' : - •"•¦¦-¦•••¦¦¦•¦ ! ' ; -Wlllffl : your power.. , : ; -. ;. : ., .. - . / :-. ;. : ;¦ •,••.•..-•••.
1*4% XwMl "¦ A r*T" TfY«.n A Y do not?delay amatter which Is the key to your.futurehappiriess;
*•• : x^^AjN \'Ki '^ v ' L "3 ' rdonot allowa disease to destroy all possibility of^ -future pleasure
c7 rf^^*i^ ___,. rWA for you. Whatever/youKcondition, you will not Improve as ;you grow older; Age calls
1^ mM' : h~* for greater vital force, and the older >you get the ; more-pronounced will! be your weak-
•— —^^^^^^r^^^Mp 1^ nessr'so cure It how-while, youare young. The time Is ripe-^ While the vital spark is
¦-¦=£=-¦— -f^Z&tJ still warm It can bejeaslly fanned to flame by Electricity, and Dr. McLaughlln's Electric
, Belt will make you strong If,you try It now. ', . ._ .. .
SneCial * My BeItdoesnot ( sca »" tn X skIn - My new finely lllus- | DR. 7VI. /\. McI^/\lLJGHL-IIN» ,
'^ry^'r' * trated bOOk IS free tO man Or Woman. Send for It. I 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S/ >., and cor. Sprins and Second; LosAiigeleir
? 0#0*0«>0*0<$-0*0»0<S>0-»0»0<»0-#Of>
SVIICHY JSJEAtlilOMl
? £j&t A Natural Mineral Wata? *
O *lth medicinal qualitlis. O
o jjjpgk For Indigestion and °
o 4^% Stonach Disardars. o
*i0m s ™ aUcd VICHY^
£ gfe^^ IN SIPHONS Z
? S^^|j Get the Genulna
Ml, mjsm-JL'UI'BI ] "J js^tAvme jlJA
0 A. V1GNIER, Distributing A&rant*
? 0«0*0»0#0*0<»0*OtfO*C*0«-0^0»
dwisi' OR. JORDAN'S sreat4
OF ANATOMY I
$ Qb 1:r - luszsr :r. tat. 6±xtx ar.ca A
T CyV • The Lar«e«t Anatomical Mwmm in tl>e \
T ftt fewi disease pe"i*li»^ly cured try the elicit
'P 1 IKUJ bpeoaiisifatliL Cosm. E$i Avoirs yf
1 fl^^J C3.i503DAJJ-PR1YATE DISEASES^
\ fffiaflbtl t-o.xu!:3t:on hen and ttrirt'.y pTivire *
9 1 iVw^fl Tt» Itinein ncisAn.illy or by Ii-Ttcr. A (C
V U H" >J|h *•*" tt»«me»erjreaieondetta!i~>. Y
A 9 It l!«n Write for Booh. PaiLOSUPBktli
V 1 it 'AS JiAS*aiIAC£. MAILED FREE, jif
A A /J »sluai>!c book for mra} . \
7 OR. .IOKS>A5f &CJ>., 1C51 MarSet8t..H. F. f
STATEMEINT
; -OF THE>-
CONDITIpN AND AFFAIRS
".".'-^F THE—
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IX THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania* on the 31st day of Decem-
b«r. A.D. 1S99. and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner 61 the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and 811 of tha
Political Code.' condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
Amount of Capltat Stock, paid up In
Cash .....:.............. JMO.OOOOO
: assets.
Real Estate owned by Company $353,043 03
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1.T6I.20S 89
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ¦
Bonds owned by Company 2,956.804 23
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral HI. S2? 13
Cash in Company's Office 40.MT 73
Cash In Banks 12S.S14 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 25,333 77
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Rnd Mortgages 46,273 2S
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 804.132 M
Rents due and accrued 1.530 00
Due from other Companies for re- ,
Insurance on losses already paid.. 15.913 40
Due for salvage on losses paid 1,631 05
Total Assets ..t6.2S0.029 43
LIABILITIES. — —
Losses Adjusted and unpaid S1CSS7 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ; 139,«8S 79
Losses resisted Including expends... • $8,206 SI
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or les*. $1,830,332 S3:
reinsurance 50 per cent 915.264 43
Grcws premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,210.-
5-4 S 15: reinsurance i>ro rata 1.1S5.3CS ?4
Amount' reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance .
polled 1.957.342 »
All other demands against the com-
pany • 341.839 13
Tota! Liabilities .W.74O.SM 53
IXCOME. — — —
Xet Cash actually received for Fire
premiums C, 433.733 O
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .". * 107.618 93
Received for Interest and dividends
or> Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources lU.irm 31
Received for Rents »,863 73
Deposit premiums received for per-
petual Fire rtsks $2,301 39
Total Income.'.:. ..$2.813.738 13
' EXPExr>rrcTtE3.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses <ln-
cluding $254,743 07 losses of pre-
vious years) .....' $1,8C«,SC2 43
Dividends to Stockholders 20,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 531.390 14
Paid for Salartes. fees and other '
eharjcm.for officers, clerks, etc " TH.ZZ3 54
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ..'.,.." :....?..,.... S3. 140 79
All other payments and, expenditures 206,943 29
Total Expenditures ..O.122.5CT n
. Flrel
Logsea Incurred during the yoar.:....$t.874.C33 00
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. | ; Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
- written 'Juries - the
"year $2SS.7M.9» $3.:63.694 34
Net- amount of Risks • •
expired during the
year ......f....... 2*7.531.^9 S.WS.J45 1?
Net amount In force '
December 31. 1539 362.2.-S,7fl7 4.041.073 9S
E. C IRVIN. President.
BENJN. T. HEUKNESS. Secretary.
Subscribed and nmrn to before me. this 23d,
Cay ot January. 1MO.
THOMAS B. PROSSER. Notary Public
T. C. SHANKLAND.
State Agent for California. Nevada. Arizona
' and Hawaiian Islands.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,'
Manager San Francisco Department.
. 215 Ransome St.
Telephone Main &G24. -
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVEBTISETOngTa.
a .^s
Let the bj^ i
store make . I
an estimate |
on your . I
Alaskan outfit. |
food* clothing j
and utensils, j
' Everything *
under one roof, I
Goods properly,' I
• packed and del- 1
ivered on time*; |
Iwyy.,, rJjflShighwayman who is holding people up at
the point of a pistol, and has already, shot
one man. The officers think ttiat the high
wayman may be crazy, and advise people
not: to . attempt to resist hlm> . It lstlso
stated that' the police officers, have been
sent' out dressed in women's clothing in
the. hope of catching the robber, as he
seems to prefer to stop men-'and womeri
walking together. Jimmy Phelan's mu
nicipality is getting to be a pretty- tough
place* ¦ • . : ; ;'' • . ¦ •-;. .-¦ ¦¦'.-; "
Under : the Phelan Flag.
' ; ", ' \ Sausalito.News.
The police of San Francisco are much
exercised » over- the doings of a masked
. • "' Alturas Plalndealer. .
The. Call makes the startling disclosure
that In the thirty-four months that John
P.' Jackson has been Collector of -the Port
of San Francisco over; ten thousand Chi
nese have been admitted into this country
at that port. . Wwkingmen should make
The Call's Great Disclosure.
'; It is extremely unfortunate that the San ;Fra : ncisco
police, who are. criticized in an alleged funny cut ..in
yesterday's issue of the Examiner for 1 tlieirffailure to
capture the "high-born boy bandit," did no^have'thc'
Examiner map of the capture in the same issue 'to
guide them. It shows that thejgenial Vetsera was
captured on Thirteenth street, between Alice and-Jef
ferson, Oakland, and. when one stops to consider that
Jefferson street. is seven blocks. distant from Alice it'
can be easily, realized what a help to them' this map.
would have been. /
.The San Francisco. Call of last Friday
exposes a' crooked piece of .work whereby
the Collector of the Port and others have
Illegally, landed over, ten thousand China
men in "the last three. years— all in viola
tion of the exclusion act." . It is lucky for
California, that this, gigantic-- fraucf/has
been discovered and exposed even at this
late hour. . .'; : • . -•
A Lucky Exposure.
Davisvllle ; Enterprise.
Were the Police in Women's Clothes?
. ; ¦ ;; Sacramento Record-Union. '•¦-'' .-¦
Things have; come to a" pretty.' pass in
San; Francisco; certainly, when" thieves
can • seize the hands of ..women ¦ In ¦ broad
daylight on crowded streets,. cut the: dia
monds from their linger rings -and escape
despite- the outcry, of the victims..- •¦ .-,-
' If we;cahnot induce the. Siiltan. of Turkey to treat
our missionaries .fairly/by any other means, ', it ; might
be i worth /while to; put! him on ; a par with the Sultan '.
bf-Sulu and give hima pension to behave himself. ;
- It is said some of the Tammany.^ braves propose to
celebrate David Bennett Hill's; resurrection as a poli-*
tician by giving a- banquet , in his honor; but!the!fes
tival|6tight to take the fprm of a ghost dance {
¦ .!' ¦'." ' ' '•' : - .
. - ' .'.'." -.,:,- ' ¦;¦ '.. -,i^7^ ~ — ~ ;.-. ¦.'•¦¦-/•¦
, It' is ¦ announced that the Isthmiah Canal Commis
sion will not have its reportready for publication ;be
fore . peccmber, ¦ but ; it; is a . safe ' bet " that if there be
anything in it worth' publishing! The Call will have it
before that; time, : '•¦.¦.¦ :-... ¦- \
Wahamaker and his followers have seen to it that"
Quay did not get;intOvthe Senate, but the next time
any.jof those fellows runs for office in Pennsylvania
' he "• will find that '¦ Quay, can : get ' into! the. ; -fight ' any
4iow, and that he will have a hatchet big as a broad
ax when he does "get in,' '.¦.-',' ' : : "
The costume represented is of Sevres
blue, taffetas embroidered in the same
color. It Is in the princess style, forming
a tunic, the lapels of which are edged with
black velvet and Louis XV bows of the"
same. The tunic is bordered with ecru
lace,-. and 'beneath it is a white lace
flounce, draped, surmounted by a black
velvet bow. :ifinBni
EMBROIDERED TAFFETAS ; DRESS.
manipulator known to the profession of the lobby
was hired by them and kepi at work in the effort' to
get permission for the resumption of racing at Ingle-
side track with gambling privileges. To overepme
so strong a combination of corrupt forces is no. slight
accomplishment, and much credit is therefore due to
the Supervisors who stood firmly for the interests' of
BY the action of the Board of Supervisors yester
day in passing to print an ordinance' prohibit
ing pool-selling or bookmaking upon horse
racing or dog coursing the people are brought within
sight of a complete victory over the track gamblers,
it has been a hard contest and a prolonged one, and
upon the result yesterday the public is to be congratu
lated and the Supervisors commended.
The success thus achieved in the interests: of
morality and public welfare is the more notable be
cause of the persistent efforts made .by the : track
gamblers to obtain a license to carry on their ruinous
trade. They retained the service of a strong lobby
and spared no money in the light. Every kind of
VICTORY IN SIGHT.
•The' disorderly man of Chicago claimed that he is
as useful to a political procession as any player in the
band, and perhaps he is right in the claim. He has
at any rate some merits. He works hard at his blow
ing, but his horn has a cork in it and, disturbs ho one.
Thus he is a blower whose blowing has the charm of
silence. We may mock him on general principles, but
there are times when we must wish that all the band
were like him. Certainly a man who is a filler in the
noisy during his hours of labor has some excuse for.
making Rome howl when he has his recreation, and
it is gratifying to know, that the Chicago Judge was
compassionate to the particular filler before him and
let him go with a warning.
• In the Bryanite band wagon, for • example, how;
many dummies are there? There: is a brave show
made at every town where Bryan goes' and a plen
tiful array of men are set up alongside of him as es
corts and supporters.. To the casual observer the
wagon appears* to be filled with influential men, first
fiddlers and blowers of big horns. The acute listener,
however, will soon note that no sound is heard "ex
cept that which emanates from the hollow caverns of
Bryan's own skull. The parade is stuffed. ¦ The silver
man's show is made up of dummies.
i Here .we, have a -statement; that casts- a . beam of
illumination' upon an obscure corner of politics. How
many a man dp we se? occupying a position which we
know he is.-.incompetent to fill? He has a horn, as
it were, 5 and yet he ;could not play a tune on it to
save him from limbo.- "That kind of man is visible in
every department of political life. A good many of
them are in Congress, even in; the Senate itself. In
all great public movements they are plentiful. They
are conspicuous at mass-meetings. They show up at
gatherings of prominent citizens. In-short,^when
ever-a procession moves there' are dummies in the
band wagon, fillers in the noisy; men who to be
playing a great part,-. but who play nothing: • " -I •¦
a; |-mt£RiiN the:; noisy,:--} : ¦
:;. >•;;.- :»--. ; ¦•;-. :¦—¦ — i— — -.. . .- >-.- : . •; : -.•'.. :. ¦ •
yf'TTX tjjR. "estcenjjed; cohtempbrary, the: Chicago ; Inter \\
|T ' : , ) Ocean,; states, that • a "citizen; of : : that tpw.n.'-wasrv
'^\~^v- rcc:ehtly:'.a.rrested for, disorderly; conduct; and
\s\\zn a.ske'd by-^the. Judge of the. Police! Gbiirt, "What,
do you dp for. : a'iiymg? I V:repJiedj' 1^I'.arn^'fill.er. in-they
noisy." ;! ¦ The ¦ :J.U'dg(j. was rshpck.ed -by,- thje : . seeming-.
flippaniiy vof the !' reply,': and. 'warned; • the:. : ; p.risoher:',
'ipon.'t get frcs!h!npw or rlj;send. you where : ;ypu'll be : :
saited' dowri.". \ Thereupoji the contrite citizen hurnbly .
.fsxpiairied, :"I Jam" ajdummy in. the band, wagon:'/ ;-. \.
:'. Even with that iexplanati6n r the Judge: iyas T hot satisr;'
fied/and the.novv. thoroughly subdued citizen went oh;
to say:- -''There: is !grea.t demand ior bands nowadays..
to' stir up',;ehthusiasrn for political meetings. : Usually.^
the .' politiciaris ! 3vant,- to- ' make . a" big -show, for little
mone.y, so, iheyj hire a !band wagon, and get about' six.
rbal musicians and fiH; the. rest 6i the scats with !diini- :
niies. I : wear..a uniform, blow a' horn that ; has.a cork
ir- it, and/ though. I ddn'.t; make any noise, yet.from •
standpoint I- am: as important to. the success
of the band wa;gon : as:;an^ rrianin it, ; It requires a
great deal. of hard : wprk to become, a good dummy."'.
If Colonel Bryan wish to be understood as say
ing that if President he .would embroil the country in
another costly foreign war, all right. .What he says
is in violation of the Monroe doctrine, for that means
that we will keep our official hands ou.1 of European
affairs in which the interests of our- nation and its
citizens are not involved. . ',
His utterance is that of a demagogue, and the prom
ise it discloses is one that can be kept only; at the cost
of war. The American people sympathize with the
Boers and have given substantial evidence of that fact.
They did not wait for Colonel Bryan, to tell theni
vhere their sympathies should run.;. '
The President of the United States is^ invested with
power over international affairs. 'He : cannot offi
cially express sympathy with cither belligerent in a
foreign war. Congress may do so; the people may
do so. For the President to do so is a different mat
ter. It means in his case not a? friendly, but an un
friendly expression, and would be rightly considered
at home and abroad as an act intended to lead to war.
That request has been made of this "Government by:
the Boers, and was acceded to and the tender of good
otfices was made to England. and declined by. that
power. That is all "that the President :ipf the United
States can do, short of an act of War against Great
Britain. Colonel Bryan in McKiriley's place could
do no more and no less. His tender would be of
no more influence than the tender' already made. :
When he pretends that he as President' could do any
more than has been done he is pretending only, in
the hope of fooling somebody out of. a few votes! :
Perhaps Colonel Bryan does not himself know; just.,
what he means. He regards it as a vpip-calcliiit'g;
thing to say, and therefore puts 'it among' Jiiiptiie^
campaign properties and mktextaX '. ; '!ir.v/'.' ' ¦. \(i- %
The treaty of the Hague, : which we believe is : :.nqt>i :
yet ratified, provides that when; We party to a contest;
requests another nation to tender its good! 6ffices;in ;
effecting peace, the nation sq requested may . rnalce!
such tender to thf other party, which is free to accept
or refuse, as it pleases. '. - ¦¦ :,-; -,- .
COLONEL BRYAN is anxiously ? torjcjiing| for :
an issue to add tp.the job lot already on: hiadl'
After a long conference in Chicago;wit!h a party.:
by the name of Johnson he emerged laying: .^Thc
hopes of the Boers are- : centered upon - AmC]fi?a;
should McKinley be defeated and Russia, j The good '
offices of this nation can be tendered,- according to:
the new treaty of The Hague, at the proper tirrie and
in earnest. These offers of a friendly semce would
have great influence." .';'• "'¦/;¦'.:.':'••:¦ "' ¦''¦:/¦,: ?';} ! ; "..
BRYfIN AND THE BOERS;
•BCtn iviann no, lO/nger.aesires ine giory .
Ofij>ern'ocratlc. : leadership. -He gave, notice
yesterday tri.at.th<i- State Central: Giammit- ;
teelrii.ust-'select Some at her man for : chair
man <i>f the'.O.rga'nJ?;at.ion;" -A, .meetfiigr of trie'
State . Executive Gormh|t'tee was held; at
theCklifprnla... Hotel ' yesterday- afternoon.. :
•The '.torpmitte'ernen: attending were : Seth
Mani (chairman),. James. H.- Budd, Jarned
D. Phelan,:A\ r ; H; Alford, Jv, J. Dwyer, M.
P.-cTarpey,-- J.' JL.l'-!<3aHagher..'Cha.tle3...\V.
Fay end.W, IJ. cDevlin., J. Leo Park J>er-|
formed the duties of secretary;- H: .A. Mc-
Gfaney, financial agent ;ol- the party, was
a ; f 'looker . on." ls T o time was wasted. In
preliminaries. Mr;-Mann said the meeting
had been called to; make some suggeationa!
tb-'the- State Central I Committee pertain i :
"insr-to plans' for: the electloli. of delegates
to the Derh'Qcratlc National: Convention,
which is toi:asserribleat=Kansas-Gitj* July.
4, J900. •¦ Mr. Manix reminded .the gentlemen,
present that the call : of' the perriocratie
J^atipnal-Comfnttte'e; :express.ed no method
of electing delegates, Imposing no. restric
ti.0'ns and : prpyided no . plans.' - Heais.o-re
rriarked that the primary lawof.:Califor
nladid riot apply to. this early cohyention,
arid .therefore S it- was py rely ¦ a ¦ party af-,
fair. The executive committee was called
together to discuss if they, saw tit a plan
to-besubmitted to:tbe-State Central Com
: Mr; Mann' observed that "still another
matter demanded .consideration, and that
was whether: a. hew State Central Com-:
mlttee should- be chosen- by the conven
tion, iie was "-fully convinced by reading
section 1IS6 of; the Political Code that the
power to elect governing bodies of various. ¦
political parties was vested in conventions
elected under the primary law. Mr. Mann
then repressed his. modesty and spoke of
himself, saying: :. .
'.'Personally. I am : not a candidate for
chairman . of the committee and cannot
consider- the possibility- of becoming a can
didate. J feel called upon to make this
statement in. view, of . newspaper corn-
Mr.' Minn spoke highly of . the position
and of its exalted duties and patriotic re
sponsibilities/indicating that an extension
of his term would-be acceptable if duties
to himself arid his- prof esslon did not de
mand lees political activity on his part.
In closing he said: ¦'¦;,' ¦ '„
"It. behooves you to consider who shall
manage, the State campaign this year."
A resolution, recently adopted by the
Iroquois ! Club, was: read., It enjoined the
committee .to • '.recognize clubs In
the choice • of,.- delegates to the
convention. The -expression was so al
luring that J.'. J: ¦¦ Dwyer, • National Com
mitteeman, asked' for a second reading.
No comment other than that expressed
by Mr. Dwyer. was uttered. Not even
a third reading was demanded.'
Silence ensued. Ultimately it was*
broken by Mr. Dwyer, who remarked
that the best thing to do was to suggest
nothing to the State Central Committee.
It was highly dangerous, in view -of the
existing condition of affairs Democratic,
to discuss plans to be considered by : the
State Central Committee next Saturday.
It was not in his judgment necessary for
Democrats to invent new plans. Old
plans and precedents, such as Thomas
Jefferson established, were good enough.
Mr. Dwyer spoke well of Mr. Jefferson.
Any plan adopted by this committee will
be denounced as a programme.
• "On some occasions,' remarked- Mr.
Dwyer, "programmes are justifiable." ¦•¦
Mayor Phclan smiled his approval. In
a generalisense Mr.- Dwyer spoke well of
programmes. --"
- Ex-Governor Budd put- In this inquiry:
"May I ask the- gentleman a question?
Have we any right under the rules of
the convention of 189S to do more than fix
the apportionment and designate a' time
and place for holding the convention?"
Chairman Mann read the rules adopted
in 1898, and > the reading attested the ex
cellent memory of the ex-Governor.
- Mayor Phelan coincided ¦ with the view
expressed by National Committeeman
Dwyer, and asked to be excused to at
tend a meeting of the Board of Super
visors. Consent was given by silence.
It was late in the afternoon when J."
L. Gallagher arose. He agreed • partly
with Mr. Dwyer. He did not indorse the
view that • plans ought not to be dis
cussed. " . : ¦ ' '
W. H. Alford. -the eloquent immigrant
from Tulare. who settled in the District
Attorney's office under the new charter,
remarked • that, discussion . would be idle
unless an official plan was submitted. •¦
Charles S. Fay, of the -Mayor's office
was thoroughly In -accord with Mr.
Dwyer.; ¦:•.;.-.•' 1 " '•;''.
M.-F.":Tarpey;.wlse in his day and gen- :
eratlon; observed that .advice given . un
sought wasnever valued highly. . The de^
auction drawn from the .philosophy '. of
Tarpey was that the State. Central Com
mittee ? should not' be advised. Tarpey's
attitudt? settled the j question. No action
was.,taicen. r '¦ ¦.
The committee - then went ¦ Into execu
tive session, to. Inspect the glowing assets
in. the possession of'H. A. -McCraney. He
canvassed "the State : and secured sub
scriptions.' - The: only.. point to be settled
at the: secret ; session was whether - ! t
would ; nott cost : - more than • the ¦..amount
promised : to • collect the ' McCraney sub
scriptions.'. The committee decided. to col
lect -and to .consider the debt of 53000 liq
uidated. • ; * : f -¦¦;¦•- :¦':¦¦'¦ :,.. ¦
State; \Executive . 0oinimittee .of the
Party Declines to Recommend a;
!'-.. t Ptbgramnie to.;, the : Cen-: ;.; : ;':- :
, T -';'>; 'Vtral Organization; rJ ; ?••;:-¦:; \ ':
Adyisbs Hi? Fallow : Dejno
> : : pratisito Select a New^ :
!••;¦¦ > Ciiairman^
MANN SIGHS NO
MORE FOR FAME
OF LEADERSHIP
TUESDAY .......,..: ....MAY 1, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PCBL.ICATIOJT OFFICK..MarUet and TJilrd. 8. F.
Telephone Malm 1S6M.
EDITORIAL noO5IS....71T to 221 Stevcnaon St.
Telephone .Main 1874.
Delivered ttr Carrier*. IK Cent* Per Weelc
.Mnple CopiP". 5 Centa. ! •
*•.•.:; 'Terms t»r Mntl. Inclndfnjr Po«lnrei
fiATLT CAlAi <lacluClnc Sumlay). one rear ...fft.OO
I>AILT CALX. UneluiJiTiK'punaay). 6 month* ...; S.00
DAIL.T CAI^L (including Sunday). 3 n>oa«ui..;...W....... J.50
IJAILT CALJ>-Br Sinsl* Month We.
BUNDAY CALL On* Tear ..;......«; l.W
WEEKLT CALL One Year .;..'...V...i....~ l;00
All pet tuinsicm . are «a <horlrcdl to . recelra '
¦ obacriptlons. . .-.-'..>¦ ',•-• ' "V-"
£amjA« eoplet win fce ;crrr»nled when rwjuerted. .: .
r>AKi.A\n , OFFICE 111S Broadvray
C. GEORGE KROGMESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lose Distance Telephone "Central 8£1S."")
PKEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
CARLTON......... ; Herald Square
NEW YORK. KEPRESENTATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.. - 30 Tribune Building
BBAKCH OFFICES— 657 Montrcmery. corner of C3ay, oP«b
octll 9 :S0 o'clock. 800 Bayea. open until 9:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €19 Larkln. opea until
f:W o'clock. 1941 Mission. cp»a onUI 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, ecr&er Sixteenth, open until 0 o'olock. 1006
Vale&cta. open uatil » o'clock. 10« Eleventh, epea uata
6 o'clock. KW. comer Tweaty-eeccnd and Kentucky,
open TxmtU 9 O'clock. • ... •;
Commerce with Louisiana as external territory went
on for a year, and then Congress extended thereto
the revenue law of the United States and the follow
ing laws of the Union and no others: An act to es
tablish the Treasury Department; to enroll and li
cense ships; for the compensation of treasury of
ficers; for the recovery of debts due, by individuals
to the United States; to provide for settlement of
accounts between the United States and accounting ,
officers; to authorize the sale and conveyance of land
by United States Marshals; to remit fines and for
feitures; to establish a mint, and to regulate the value
of foreign coins. . \
Surely that was not- a very sumptuous extension of
the principles' of the constitution, and, such as it was,
it was withheld for a year after annexation, and if one
year it might have been withheld twenty years.
Louisiana was continental territory, sparsely inhab
ited, with physical features not widely differing from
territory already in our possession. If the extension
of any part of our laws and constitution to it was de
ferred for a year, when expressly stipulated in the
treaty, where is the need of hasteHn making such ex
tension :to tropical islands and. people, some of ithenv
8000 miles away, when no treaty. stipulation requires
it? . * • .; ' -'. ; • ;...--.• .„¦•"/..
What is the covert and ulterior purpose, of "those
who are urging such haste? Why. do they! read into
the' treaty of! Paris- what was omitted from: it?.' And
why, above all, are they so anxious to, admit the
.Democratic" position" as to that treaty.?' -*. -•;¦ .:
NTIL now the country has accepted Webster's
I I exposition of the Federal constitution. His
J fame was won as the expounder of the funda
mental law, and it has not been suspected that his
method of construction, applied -to it in body or in
detail, was devised as an expedient merely. On the
other hand, it has been believed that his exposition
was derived from the spirit and letter of the constitu
tion itself, and that his construction was the logical
development of principles .inherent in the instrument.
In his speech of February 24, 1S49, Webster said:
"I do not say that while we sit here to make laws for.
these territories we are not bound by everyone of
the great principles which are intended as general se
curities for public liberty. But they do not exist if
territbries till introduced, by authority of act of Cop
.•gress.'V;- :';-.vv : ¦ V;v; •¦: ;
The Chronicle is. engaged in a debate with Webster,
and begins its argument by insisting that his view of
the constitution was influenced by. his opposition to
slavery- In fact, it accuses him of talking external
principles in the constitution to serve a political pur
pose, instead of deriving from the constitution its in
herent principles, let their application fall' where it
might. ;
The Whig and Republican parties were founded
mostly on 4 Webster's exposition of the constitution.
If it be true that in one instance he talked principles
into that instrument that are not inherent, then his
entire exposition of it is tainted and untrustworthy.
Not accepting the Chronicle's ascription of false mo
tive to Webster, The Call insists that his contention
was correct. Being correct, we deny that the treaty
of Paris extended the constitution over Porto Rico
and the Philippines and made them a constitutional,
integral part of the United States. As it did not,
and as Congress only has authority to introduce the
principles of the constitution into those islands, it may
extend one at its will, or -withhold all at its will.-
This is its right under the only possible interpretation
of Webster's exposition. :
.The Chronicle says: .'.'The plain duty of Congress
is to recognize the limitations of the constitution and
its ; power,, and at the. earliest practicable moment pass :
laws whifch will. give, such of the. inhabitants of the
Philippines as we '-hayejinadc citizens of the United
States" b^y .-annexation all;; the benefits and immuni
ties of the.constitutibn : ;".- : '¦' _. ; K". : V- ¦ ''¦]• . >'
; . In that statement, is the; field * <i>f the controversy.
The Chronicle desires the party to take
the ground, that :?. annexation conferred citizenship;;
upon fifteen. minions of people in the . Philippines and.
Porto Rico!. ..That is the position taken by iBryan ;
and Jones, the chairman of his committee;. !. The 1 ;
Chronicle, inserts -a confiisirig ..compli;catio.n.in the:
phrase, ."-Which- will give .':siich 6f the inhabitants Jts
we have made citizens ot, the United States by an-r
nexatipn/all the benefits and immunities 91* the coriv.
stitution." • p-v '...: .' ;• -. . .> ¦¦¦' ,, ¦ ,
; : -AVhy the. distinction?/. ..What class of inhabitants
Weremadecitizeris. by .annexation, and \v'hat cliss .are
excluded.? v\yha.t /language, in .the; treaty. Of Paris'.
, classifies the annexed popple?; ;• How are. we!; to gbyr.
-erri the icxcluded cla^s? Why are vvc.tbdeny to. them,
the imtnunities, bf.the; constitution? ; : ', : \ ¦'_'¦ ..:.li ' .'¦ [
;':i ..The. people;, of; the United; States do riot intend to ;
"have snap jiidgmcht taken! ;. They ..deny ;the : : Denibr
cratic-Chroni.cle, contentipri.;that.;. aiinexatiori.'.by: the
treaty of Paris carried fellow; citizenship to. fifteen niil-',
lions : of isiahdws of alien races. -They have relied oh-,
the declaration of. the Senatethat itis ; not theiinteit*
tion of. this Government, to inake ; these islands ..an
integral "part, of; the' United : States.:.. They:.: have ¦ 1.117'
tended that a -final, decision of. the; states of. the. islands'
and the islanders shall ' wait until the situation;- is llj,
juminated by wider knowledge. • The people! khb'.y,
well that if the Brj'ari-ChfbnicieUheory.be acceptedi
and it is admitted that the.treaty of these
islanders citizens, there -is- rip power any wheje.in,.thc ¦
Government to strip them pf that status: • The; treaty
of Paris especially • omits. mention.. bf citizenship 1 .or.liU : :
corporation of the islanders: into the.. Union.' ; ;.'¦;•
That omission was. not: accidental.! It was=inten-:;
tional. Louisiana was purchased and acquired by
treaty made at Paris in 1803. Article III of 'that,
treaty says: "The inhabitants of the ceded territory,
shall be incorporated into the Union .of the United
States, and admitted as soon as possible, according to
the principles, of the Federal constitution, to. the en
joyment of all the rights, advantages and immunities
of citizens of the United States, and in the. meantime
they shall be maintained in the free enjoyment of their
liberty, property and the religion which they profess."
There is no such clause in the treaty of Paris of
1898. It "does riot incorporate the islands and the
islanders in the Union of the United States. • '..'-
The treaty, made with Spain for the purchase of
Florida contains the same clause and stipulation as
that for the purchase of Louisiana. . . ,¦ '
If bare annexation incorporates land and people
into the Union of the United States, why did Jef
ferson and Monroe insert that clause in those trea-
THE CHRONICLE AND WEBSTER.
Of course the Bryanites will immediately resume
their declarations in favor of the- canal. Their
organs will scream in. circus poster type for a speedy
construction of it. The politicians will put it in the
party platform, and the yellow organs will nail it to
the mast as a part of the yellow programme. Se
cretly, however, a good many of those politicians and
most of the yellow organs wiU : again conspire to de
feat any. Nicaragua canal bill; that may be presented;
The. trick that has been played this year will be played;
over again with variations next year. This time the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty has made an. excuse for'de
feating it: Next: year some other excuse will.-be
found:- : : : ; . ¦ -i ,' ; i.^y ; .; . -v^ '.
: ;.The one satisfactory feature of the situation is :.that';
the intelligence 1 of the : people has how discerned. the-,
methods of. the opposition- and the public will be on.;
guard hereafter. ; A: Republfcan administration ,. has
done what it tpuld. to hasten the construction ibrthe
great water\vay,\and.the Republican- majority, of. the'
House of Representatives has done what. it: could jp:
advance the.n.rbvcntentj and but forthe pppositibn of
the- Bryanites. and the railroads we. should haveShad
the' enterprise. iiiidertakeh as one of. the. salient ; ciir 1 •
terp.rises' whicli wiU mark the beginning ;of the ; tweh-'
tieth century; rrj'- i ;. ; ;' • . ; .-: •'¦'.'.'.,. 3 .;".; "V V. '¦'.'
It is now evident that many who pretend to be
supporters of the construction of the canal are ready
to work against it whenever an excuse serves. Their
pretended friendship -is. only a cloak which .enables
them to ; act with more efficiency against the enter
prise by acting secretly. -These hypocritical foes of
the canal were loud >in declaring themselvesin favor
of it- a short time ago,- but as soon. as they perceived
that the bill was likely to pass they suddenly turned
against it, and under a-show of opposition to the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty have succeeded in having the
Avhole enterprise indefinitely postponed.
= The fight against the *tr eat y was made most vo
ciferously by the Bryanites, who thought they saw in
it an opportunity to make a point against the adminis
tration for use in the coming campaign. These politi
cians and their organs readily and even eagerly com
bined with the transcontinental railroads in the fight
against the treaty and the canal. The- combination,
it seems, has been sufficiently strong to obtain at
least a temporary victory. They have defeated' all
chance of passing the, measure at .this session, and
are in a good position' to defeat it again next winter.
REPORTS from are to the effect
that while the Nicaragua canal bill. will prob
•ably pass the House to-day,; it will go no f"r
ther at this session of ¦ Congress, : as the . Senate ' will
not take it. up. Thus, despite the favorable prospects
of the early .days of the session, the opponents of. the
enterprise have achieved another victory. The de
sire of the people has been once more baffled. At
least another year will go by before the bill can be
passed/and as the next session of Congress. .will be
a short one, the hopes for success in that year have
but little foundation on which to rest. ;
THE C0NAL , BILL POSTPONED.
a note of this, as the admission of the ?n
rat-eating heathen displaces ten thousand
of their number In the labor market.
DENIS KEARNEY— G. E. H., Reno.
Nev/ Denis Kearney, the agitator; is not
dead,; but is. still living In this city.
ANSWEBS TO COBRESPONDESTS.
THE TVINFIELD SCOTT— J., City. The
steamer Winfield Scott ran ashore in a fog
on Anacapa Island. December 3. 1S53.
- SAILING TIME— II. E. L.. B. Q.. Lorn?
Island. The average time made by saJllns
vessels from Hongkong to Honolulu, H. I.,
is about forty days.
:;. OFFICIAL LIST— B.. Portland. Or. No
paper In San Francisco publishes the of
ficial list of unclaimed letters. None has
done 3o for many years. , . ¦
MAIL TO HONOLULU— H. E. L., B. Q.. •
Long Island. All United States transports
that salt from San Francisco for Manila.
carry mail to Honolulu, H. I.
POPULATION OF CITIES— C. D.. City.
According to the census of 1S0O the popu
lation of San Francisco was 238.997, Cin
cinnati 2^6,008, Cleveland 261.253 and New
ark 1S1.SC0. . " :
.MILITARY SCHOOL— Subscriber. City.
For Information about the proposed mili
tary school to be established in Colorado
address a letter of Inquiry to Governor
Charles S. Thomas, Denver, Colo.
THE ARMOURS— J. O*C City. Philip
Danforth Armour and Herman Osslan Ar
mour, the merchants and packers, wera
born in Stockbridge. N. T.. the T, 0 "?^
May 16, 1S32. and the latter March 7. 1S37.
BEST PITCHER — O. R.. City. J.
Hughes of the National League was th*»
champion pitcher for that league, whilo
Harvey, now with the Sacramento com
bination, was the champion pitcher for
the California League during the year ISM.
TESTAMENTARY DISPOSITION — J.
W. H., Oakland. Cal. If a man dies and
leaves only a widow to whom he wills all
his estate it becomes her separate prop
erty and sho can by will dispose of it in
any way she pleases, irrespective or tha
fact that she has a niece.
TO CAPE NOME— P. H. J.. East Oak
land, Cal. If you want to "go to Cape
Nome and desire to know what Is requisite
for a trip to and stay there you should ap
ply to any of the outfitters whose adver"
tlsements appear In the columns of The
Call. Any one will give the desired Infor
mation. . ' ' - ¦ : .
THE ODD FELLOWS' BANK-"W. J.
B., Cajon.lCal. The Odd Fellows' Bank
In liquidation has paid up to date 87^ p*r
«ent of the amount due the depositor*.
The concern still holds tule lands which it
is trjinjf to dispose of. It is «Pected that
it will be able to pay oho more dividend OS
either 1 2 or 2Va P«" cent: ¦-:¦
POLITE WAT-O.J. M.. City. Tha
POHte.way to Indorse a ticket for an en
tertainment that is intended to be without
cost to the one to whom it is *ent 13
"Complimentary:" To iodorse such a
tlcktt "D. H.." the abbreviation of "dead
head," :is common and. many would loos
upon It In the mature; of an Insult.
TRAN'SPORTS^-y.: I.; City. The United
States transport I^nnox sailed from Hllo
March 25; 1900. That Is the latest informa
tion about that vessel. The transport
Strainer was at April 13. 1900, on
¦her- way-, to Manila, thence to this port.
The; chartered British steamers : Asama
and Emir: will: not. come to San Fran
iCjSC.pi:.'-' .CJ ; ¦.<¦¦.•>¦•:-" :'¦¦'¦' '. ' ' V \ '¦''¦'. ,
Bt.THESC?REME COURT— O. S. G..
Tucson. -Ariz.: . In . March. 1900. the Su
preme Court of the United States decided,
that abona fide Chinese merchant resid
ing in the; Urii tejdh $tates could have Ma
wife admitted' to-' 'United States territory,
provided, he could establish the fact of
marriage,' before ihe : came, to the United
.states. ;-;- : v. : - •-•.:-;" y •.. --:-.. ¦¦'-": '. \~-:Jk, ¦-".-
PJEpPI^El'S fiCfilE SAVINGS BANK-
L. Ci.TL. City. and. others. The latest div
idend' paid by the: People's Home Savings
Bank was on the lpth of April. 1900. mak
ing 37 per cent paid tip to date. The bank
still owns certain- real estate in the south
ern.part of the. State, which It Is expected
will shortly be realized upon, but it is im
possible at this time to tell when the next
dividend will bo declared. The time for
winding up the affairs of the bank was
extended one year. .
CaL (flace fruit 50c per n> atTownsend's.*
Special .information supplied dally, o
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mart
gomerv street. Telephone Main 1042. . ¦•¦
~ Everybody likes nicely framed pictures
ind everybody can have them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing:
New moldings coming: In all the . time.
Sanbprn^ Yall & Co.. .741 .Market . st. •
Ail. Involuntary Insolvent.
• ¦ -.-vvv ' : • j. ¦ : Hosking. merchant, filed . fcla
schedule in involuntary Insolvency yes
terday. His liabilities are $304083 and ha
has no- assets..- .. . • :.• ,• ¦ . ' <¦ ... ¦ . .- : .
The Grand Canyon of Arizona.
The Mason la now '¦ open. Stag* trip has bean
reduced to 2\j hours. . Comfortable accommotU-
Uons at hotel. Tho round trip rats from Sw
Francisco la only $55. . Particulars at Santa Fa
ticket of nee.. 628 Market street. . ,. • : . . '.
THE SAX FEAXCISCg; CALL, TUESDAY, MAY: 1, 1900.
"BLAST IT. OLD MAN ! DON'T. COM SO BLOOMIN' SHORT!"
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
NEW.^ORK; April 30.— Edward May of
San Francisco is at the Gilsey; Dr. Hi F.
KrenUmann and J. T>. Grant. Of San Fran
cisco-are at the Plaza.. \\ ¦; ¦ • ...":. • •
CAIilFOBNIANS IN NEW "TOBK.
•Edward 1J Dfas, brother-in-law of
George W. Nachmah, the manager of: the
Baltimore (Md.) Herald, is ln : theclty on
a^visitland is stopping at the/Commercial
Hotel...: ;.. : ; ;. • = :.•¦¦. ••: : : ¦¦ .'•¦•
Admiral Kautz and Mrs. : Kautz and
Ljeo.n ' Garrett, the admiral's flag iieuten
aflt,' aria registered .at the Palace.;./ .. '.' ...
¦ p"i>r.VWS "W. Eastman.of . Sonora is at the
iiick. : -i ;-\V ;¦¦¦•:¦ ;;— "V: - ? ! ; ! \!;:./! .v'
; -Pejter- Johnson, v of : Sonora ,lt • at the
Grah^v • :•¦:' : ; : ; : '. V: .'"••• ''¦'¦ '' ;'¦¦¦•; • ¦•: ' ¦•¦..
.•jainei3 -^Cudden/ef -.Vallejo-Ja; at the
Grana.; - : .'•."- '¦¦' ; ' '- vV..; ¦ ¦ ~. !:'"' ¦ "-'•" ¦ -,V
;Fred!l>pdd. : a : hbtel rnan 'of, Fresno/. la
atthe |Lick.V . '; -/^ / •'.. •¦..•' . .• ¦] ;;/. ¦:¦'
•Thbitias 'Eiint^Is '.registered atahe; Pal- :
ace? frbrri. Sin ' juanl, .." ; . •'- ¦-.. -v -.'; v- ;. •:• ¦
> : Joh)n : McGcShbglei "a. "fruit grower, from
VehturS. lBiatttle ;Llck. I:. ' : j' * '¦:¦¦:¦'¦'.. <
! Captain ! ftenry Glass, U. S. v -N-:» com
mander of the JI. S.S. Pensacola, is regis
tered at the Palace. ;" -i ; = : -^ ''>'¦¦; > ::
PERSONAL MENTION.
ties?
6
—Life.
the. people despite all the gamblers could do to win
them over.
The cxtent'of the benefits which will accrue to the
community by the. final passage and adoption of the
order can hardly be overestimated. I The records of
the Police Courts and the Morgue reveal something
but not all of the fearful blight that track gambling
has been to San Francisco. Not all who have fallen
¦under the curse of the gamblers have appeared either
cs criminals in the" courts or as ' suicides at the
Morgue. Misery and wretchedness and dishonor
have been carried by. the influence bf c gambling into
many a home of whose bitterness the public knows
nothing. The amount that. is known,* however,, is
enormous, and when people recall the* appalling
record of the effects of track gambling during the la^t
two years there will -lie found ample cause for .wide
spread rejoicing over the action of yesterday. There
remains now only for the board to complete the work
so auspiciously begun. The order has been passed
to print by a large majority. It should be " finally
! v General Joseph^Wheeler has;
Written three exclusive articles!
upon r"My Eight Montha'ln
the Philippines. " The first : 6t
these papers appears in; the .
magazine section of next Sun-
day's Call and will be the best
syadj most -uthoritative ac-
count ever published ; : of the
conditions existing- in, .the
isliands. : -, : -;: "';;¦":• '¦¦=.' ; ! : - ; ' : -f!!. : '-
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY arid SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
f/s-m/\f>|j Were successful at Nom* last
KKUUn year. All others failed. In opo-
"* . ration dally. 9 Stevenson st.S.F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Daily. C) Sixth 8tr»«t.
BYRON JACKSON.
.-¦"¦•'¦',¦!": •;• assayino.
LEARN to pan." amalgamate, etc.. In 10 days.
j:o. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market st.
DREDGING PUMPS.
on. Oasolto*. Steam Hoists. Centrifn
KnriaesABoUen. . HendyMach.Wk«...
: . MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for slulo» bcxa»:
hlrh or low lifts.. Blmonds. P Markrt «t
: COLO SEPARATOR.
Cyelen* Gold . Separator and Amalgamator ri»
dally operation.-. Win. H. Birch at Co.. U3 tt.
jagg-Si 1 -^ GOLD SEPARATOR. -V
¦ MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. Ki Fol-
som street.' Oriental Gas Engine Company.
: . ... CO>CENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acme" Concentn
- black: sand, daily. 227 Mission st.
¦ . . SLUICE BOXES. ;-'; ¦
Klondike champion sluice saves goIJ; eompetl*
• tlon invited. ' 1798 13th St., corner Guerrera
,, . / " -. ROCKERS.
The lightest, cheapest ani proven the best for
= placer., work. 1311H Mission st.
!;' :'• PLATES. FOR SAVING GOLD.
BettaeiTcla *¦ Bnrrldg*. ; t Hard!* placat off
Kearny. between' Buttar. and Boah'strectm...
OROCERIES > NO. PROVISIONS.".--
°2l?Ml P» cke<!l - IRVINE BROS.. S70 Howard.
M8 Fourth, ua Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. V.
' : !¦ - ,; :.pr6.ME v -MiNiN'a:sGKQOL;..
I>arn" -tof : iajbw -. pold and ¦ save it; . to handle-
amalgamating ylatea.. etc.. Central Park. •
. . SiLVER-PLATED JVtLNINO PLATES.
GET. them at'-Df'ri'ntato.n's San- Francisco- Plat*
; ing Works. «5i. Mission st..- '-. ..= ,--.
F.-AV. BEJJU Central Plating Workj, iij Mla-
. ' »1on «t.. S. F. Phors JessVs 101. ¦ = .-„ .
; : : LIQUORS- . . ,
WHISK FY 5P«£ Z BEER. B^tUesda Water.
•nUIJRCl CAHEN & SON. 413 Pacram«nto st.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
EUP.NHAM-STANDEFORL* CO.. Wmihlnr^r*
.o*ad !»t tti.. Oakland, or Builders' K*.. 8.f.
-: •• • whisky. . • o ¦> '¦
HIINTFR BYF CHRISTT,. * : WISE Coml.
L . j oasolixb '. engines; ¦'¦" ¦¦¦
HERCX-tEa GAS ENGINE: WORKS Is flllln*
> many orders for Nome. H1-U3 First st? 3. i\
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpbeum— Vaufleville. :
Columbia/ — "The Floorwalkera."
Tlvoll— *Tne TVizard of Uie Nile." j.V
• Gra.ad Opera-house— "la Gay New York.** '•>. •
Cailfornia— "A Gilded FooL"
Fischer's Ooncert House— "La Travlata." . . •! ¦ .'
O!jTT.pl», corner Mason and Eddr «treet»— Specialties.' '
Csutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville, every ait«raoon and
rveaisg. . -:. - ' "-, ¦.¦••;. •;.•. • •= • .
Mechanics* Pavilion— Dee Bhow, ifay i. ¦¦:¦ .¦ ''.-V -;.: ; - . .; ',' "; .".
El Caxapo— Dancing, bowling, fishing, etc.. «very Bunday. if.-
Oakland Racetrack — Rae?s to-<!ar. • ; "i ..¦.¦•>.¦ N' : - •¦.' '• "'.
Dr!i Sanford's Liver-Invigforator.
¦ The best liver inedlclne. : A vegetabl* cure fop
liver Ills, biliousness, indigestion, constipation,*
After a ¦•sleepless night, use Dr. Slsgert's An.
gostnra Bitters to; ton» np.yow system. . AH
drugglats. ¦" ¦¦ • ' - ¦ ' :Rabbi Meyers Re-elected.
Officer Tuchler Resigns.
Police Officer- Isaac Tuchler tendered his
resignation to Chief Sullivan yesterday.
He was appointed to the force about five
years ago. He will go into" the saloon
business at California and Drumm streets.
Officer Tuchler was born In this city, and
until appointed on the regular force was
a special at the Baldwin Hotel. His work
as an officer has been highly commended.
Recently he joined Sergeant Patrick Ma
honey's squad in Chinatown • and ; is still
doing duty in that quarter. His knowl
edge of Chinese affairs and crime is un
limited and his superiors regret his resig
nation, which will probably be acted on
by the Commissioners at their next meet
ing.-
Wedding Invitations, visiting cards, fine
writing papers, tablets and papeteries at
unusually low prices in our stationery de
partment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
company's line from Chicago to San Fran
cisco. The party Includes Vice President
Paul Morton. Traffic Manager Biddle,
Passenger Traffic Manager Nicholson,
Passenger Agent Byrne, Manager W. G.
Nevin and others. The contract for the
use of the Southern Pacific track from
Mojave to Bakersfleld goes into effect to
morrow. The first train over the line, a
freight train of thirteen cars, loaded with
meal for Manila, will leave Bakersfleld at
3 o'clock to-morrow morning and is due at
Point Richmond at 12:45. .May 2. There
will be for the present two freight trains
each way daily. The passenger schedule
is not yet completed.
Copyright* 1800, by Seymour Eaton.
Note— These papers on practical science have
been prepared for The Cain Home Study Cir
cle by Professor William J. Hopkins of Drexel
Institute: „ _
V. PROCESS ENGRAVING.
In the older methods of producing en
gravings on wood or copper or steel, for
really good results the engraver must be
to some extent an artist. An engraving
made entirely by hand has possibilities
for good or bad that do not belong to the
mecnanlcal processes, and a good wood or
steel engraving has a character all its
own that can be attained in no other* ay
In many respects it is as individual as
a painting. Such engravings, however,
are both rare and expensive, and It Is
principally because of this and because
at the growing desire for good copies of
artistic things that- the various photo
graphic processes have been developed.
These processes, moreover, ate very rapid.
A picture that an engraver would be
weeks in doing by hand can be produced
in a few hours, and the photographic copy
will be Infinitely better than a poor copy
made by hand. The process picture will
be faithful, photographically subject to
the faults of the photograph; but these
faults can be avoided or neutralized to a
great extent by skillful handling, both In
photographing the original and in the sub
sequent treatment of the plate. .
There are so many processes that It is
impossible to treat all of them In the lim
its of this article. But one will be re
scribed, therefore— the one usually known
as the half-tone process. It is the most
common, and its products are the most
a The a pfocess plate is printed as type is
printed, the raised portions carrying the
ink and making the impression. In this
respect it differs from the engraving on
steel or copper. In which the ink Is car
ried in the cuts, the raised portions being
wiped clean. Some method had to be used,
therefore, which would produce a plate in
which tho portions to be printed in black
would be left raised. Moreover, since
everv printed part is as black as every
other printed part, the half-tones must
be made up of the right proportions of
dead black and clear white. The effect of
a photographic negative or a print from
such a negative. In which the tones are
produced by different density of deposit,
cannot be exactly copied In printers' ink.
The effect is approximated by the use of
a "screen."
The Half-Tone Screen.
This screen consists of a great number
of lines ruled upon glass. Usually the rul
ing Is such that the space between adja
cent lines is of the same width as each
line and- the lines cross each other at
right angles. More complicated arrange
ments of lines are sometimes used, but
they present. little if any advantage. The
ruling is of course done by machinery
and is then covered by another glass as a
mechanical protection against injury.
Such an arrangement of lines produces
curious effects. Look at a street light
through an umbrella or a handkerchief
and It appears to be spread out in a klnrt
of chocked pattern. This is not exactly
the effect of the half- tone, screen as it i3
used in practice, but it is somewhat simi
lar. • ' \ ¦¦¦¦ ¦•"¦'"'¦
The fineness of the ruling on the half
tone screen is adjusted in accordance with
the work to be done. A plate which is to
be printed with care on special paper may
be made with a fine screen. 150 lines to the
inch, or possibly even finer than that. The
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
The general fault of a half-tone plate as
it comes from the acid bath is a lack of
vitality or contrast, a slight muddlne?a of
tone or an abruptness at the edpes. This*
can be remedied in either of two ways,
both of them hand work. Further etching
can be carried on in any desired parts by
the use of the acid brush, diminishing th<*
size of the minute copper points and thus
clearing up the high lights or softening
the edges. The second method la the uso
of the 'regular graver's tools, 'cutting the
surface of the plate in lines of greater or
less regularity, to obtain tho desired gra
dations of tone in the different parts.
Th»»5e engraved lines are. of course, quite
evident tn the print. Th!a method In tho
hands of a skillful enirraver produces the
most artistic effects. The best result« are
seen on the pages of magazines of taa
higher class.
When the negative has been obtained In
this way. developed, washed artd dried,
the film Is placed in contact with a sensi
tized plate of copper or zinp— the copper
for the finer work— under considerable
pressure and exposed to sunlight as in or
dinary photographic printing. After treat
ment the copper plate shows, an enamel
like coating at the points, which are final
ly to print black, and the space between
these points is clear. The edges of the*
copper plate are then varnished to pro
tect them against the action of the add.
and the plate is ready to be etched. This
is done by rocking It ina bath of arid,
which eats away the^^TTftpper surface
wherever it Is unprotected and leaves the
parts which are covered with the enamel
like deposit raised to the original level.
These raised parts will thus take, the ink
from the roller and print black. The plate
is removed from the acid occasionally, if
the etching Is long continued, to tent -It
and to protect the small raised points
from undercutting by the acid.
The Process.
In making the photograph the original,
whatever it may be, is very strongly Illu
minated either by arc lights or by sun
light, so that all reflections are avoided.
The grating or half-tone screen is a short
distance in front of the plate. The effect
can be varied by changing the distance;
but the distance must not be too great
nor must the plate and screen be in con
tact. The light forming the image, which,
without the screen, would produce an or
dinary negative, bends around the fine
lines of the grating and produces a nega
tive in which there are minute patches
of light or clear spots and of dense de
posit. The light from a very bright point
In the object- will .bend so completely
about the fine lines of the grating that
their presence is not evident at all. A less
bright point permits the intersections of
the grating lines to show as small dots
which may be connected by line lines, or
mav not, according to the brightness.
Still less light shows as small circles, op
posite the openings in the screen, and the
size of these circled depends also upon
the brightness. The cut shows the ap
pearance, very greatly magnified, of a
portion of a print by this process. The ef
fect of such an appearance, without mag
nification, is a continuous graduation
from dense black to clear white.
finer the screen the more perfect the tones
which it produces. For newspaper work,
on the other hand, where the printing
must be done without great care and on
coarse paper, a coarse screen must ba
used, perhaps not more than fifty or sixty
lines to the inch. A fine plate would sim
ply fill up with Ink, and none of its tine
gradations of tone show at all.
What Glaus Spreckels Prophesied for. the
Valley Road in 1895.
the new road was held February 20, 1S95,
and the following board of directors was
elected: Claus Spreckels, John D. Spreck
els, W. F. Whlttier. J. B. Stetson. Robert
Watt,. A. H. Payson, Charles Holbrook.
Lewis Gerstle, Alvinza Hayward and
Thomas Magee. The first officers of the
road were: Claus Spreckels, president;
W. F. Whitticr, first vice president; Rob
ert Watt, second vice president; Alexan
der Mackle. secretary; W. B. Storey, chief
engineer. • —
From the outset the work was pushed
as rapidly as possible. The San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway,
which was the name chosen, received the
encouraging aid of many communities and
the membership of the old Traffic Asso
ciation, the North American Navigation
Company and the Merchants' Shipping
Association, all of which had been en
gaged in establishing competition, lent
their assistance. The first contract for
grading was let July 8, 1S95. From then on
the construction work was continuous.
The subsequent history of the road -Is
well known. ; ...
The road was completed from Stockton
to Bakersfleld and for a time it was oper
ated as a local road. Then it was pur
chased by the Santa Fe, which has filled
In the gap between Stockton and this city
with rail and ferry service and is now
actually operating from Chicago to San
Francisco over its own lines. From the
enormous benefits that Southern Califor
nia has derived from railway competition
it may safely be inferred the development
of Central California that will follow the
coming of the Santa Fe to San Francisco
will be pronounced. The following dis
patch was received last night:
¦LOS ANGELES. April 30. -A . party of
Santa Fe Railroad officials left here to
day to be present at the opening .of the
subscribed. The list of the original sub
scribers was as follows: Claus Spreckrls,
$500,000;'' Adolph Spreckels.. $100,000; John
D. Spreckels, $100,000; W. F. Whlttier, $50.
000; Alvinza Hayward. $50,000: Andrew B.
McCrecry. $30,000; -A. Borel. $25,000; Adam
Grant; $25,000; Daniel Meyer, $25,000; Levl
Strauss, $25,000; Louis Sloss & Son Com
pany, $25,000; Charles Holbrook, $20,000;
Thomas Magee, $15,000; E. F. Preston, $10,
000; James B. Stetson, $10,000; Payot, Up
ham & Co.. $5000.. The committee for many
days personally .solicited aid for the en
terprise, and in a short- time large sub
scriptions had been received from the Ho
bart estate, Mrs. A. M. Parrott, the San
Francisco and Fresno. Land Company
(connected with the Bank of California),
James D. Phelan. the San Francisco Sav
ings Union, James L. Flood, the Hearst
estate. Joseph A. Donohoe, the "William
Sharon estate. Lloyd Tevis, Miller & Lux,
the HIbernia Savings and Loan Society,
the Stockton Lumber Company and many
others. . ;• :, i
The first meeting of the stockholders of
rier between San Francisco and. the
East. The first train of cars ar
rived from the rail terminus of
the Santa . Fe at Point Rich
mond, crossing the bay on a huge freight
barge, towed by the Santa Fe tug Rich
mond. When the cars reached the land-
Ing at the foot of Main street In this city.
engine No. 1 of the Santa Fe; Terminal
Company, which had arrived the day pre
vious, was attached to them, and they,
were pulled upon terra flrma and took
their place on the tracks in the. freight
yard, ready to be loaded for the East. -A
crowd gathered to see the first train come
in, and the full significance of the event
was not misunderstood by any one. On
the tug several employes of the Santa Fe
Company came from Point Richmond with
the cars. AmonK the number were Mas
tor Mechanic Rutherford . and Station
Agent Chambers. Engineer Lumsden
stood at the throttle of the engine. "Doc"
Adams was the fireman and Peter Farrell
was the; conductor. The engine tooted
trlumphaJUy and the bell was lustily
rung. ;It was like a pean of , deliverance
for the city. ¦ f\ .. '¦- '¦'•. .-°.- .¦¦¦>¦,,'.•"•
The first loaded train is due to arrive to
day from Chicago. Early, this, .morning
the tug Richmond will be under way and
all day will be'busied bringing over cars
to be loaded for the first through over
land business of the Santa Fe, eastbpund,
direct over its own track. ; « ¦ £ : /•
Many citizens, hearing of the. arrival of
the Santa Fe as an actuality, went last
night to the Main-street yard and there
was a fringe of curious spectators .gazing
at the spectacle as long as, there was any
'^here need be no apology at this time
for recalling the events which led up_ 10
the institution of railway competition
north of Tchachapl. That was not accom
plished at once nor with great ease. The
Southern Pacific Company ,. was so
strongly entrenched in this State., finan
cially and as a transportation monopoly,,
that several attempts to deliver the btate
by means of the construction of a compet
ing road signally failed. Not- until Claus
Spreckels lent his commanding Influence
to the establishment of a competing rail
way was there any real probability that
the Southern Pacific would be disturbed
In long years of monopoly. The Traffic
Association of California, an organization
of merchants, had been formed in 1891
and had accomplished much good, open-
Ing the way to competition by sea
and had attempted to raise the necessary
funds successively, for a road from San
Francisco to Salt Lake City and for a
road through the San Joaquln Valley, be
ginning at Stockton and ending at Ba
kersfield. In 1&94 the chance for final
success appeared to-be very poor. But on
January 17, 1S95, It having come to the
knowledge of some of the executive com
mittee of the Traffic Association that
Claus Spreckels thougnt favorably of the
establishment of a competing railway, a
call for a meeting of all Interested In the
project was Issued by Isaac Upham, pres
ident of the Traffic Association, to be
held in the rooms of the Chamber of Com.
mfirce on the afternoon of January 22,
1895.
The memory of that historic meeting
will still cause the blood of those who.
were present to tingle. The despondency
which had long obtained was suddenly
displaced by buoyant hope and a cer
tainty that at last there would be a com
peting railway. Before the meeting was
adjourned a committee was appointed to
Bolicit subscriptions, the committee con
sisting of Claus Spreckels. Alexander
Bovd.i James D. Phelan. O. D. Baldwin,
Daniel Meyer. W. F. Whlttier, Albert Mil
ler, Charles Holbrook, Thomas Magee,
John T. Doyle and E. F. Preston. Also,
before the meeting closed. Claus Spreckels
subscribed $00,000. and there were many
offers of considerable subscriptions. The
next day the committee met, and on the
following day the news was given out that
Claus Spreckels had subscribed $500,000.
When the subscription books were
thrown open to the public inspection. Just
one week after the meeting in the Cham
ber of Commerce hall, $1,150,000 had been
<5v^>ESTERDAY marked the end of the
]( monopoly of the Southern Pacific
11 Company as a transcontinental car-
SCENE AT MAIN-STREET WHARF WHEN FIRST SANTA FE TRAIN ARRIVED-
L« comptoir de lalnes; kon-twar
duh len.
21. Silk goods; lea soierles; swa-ree.
22. A suit of clothes.
Un habit complet; — comnlay.
23. A soft felt hat.
Un chapeau do feutre.
A silk hat; un castor.
24. How much are these suspenders?
Quel est le prix do ces bretellcs?
pree bret-tell.
2a. A coat; un habit; ah-bee.
An overcoat; un snrtout.ua pardessus;
suuhr-too. par-dess-uu.
A pair of trousers.
Un pantalon: pahn-tah-lqn.
A vest: un gilet; jee-lay.
26. Boys' clothing; des ve'tementa pour
garcons; vet-mong-poor-gar-son.
27. A traveling cap.
Une calotte: kah-lote.
28. This coat Is not to my taste.
Cet habit n'est pas a mon gout.
Sett-tab-ee goo.
29. I wish to have it with slllc trimmings.
Je le veux avec des parements de sole;
luh vuh avek par-mon duh
swan.
30. This style is very becoming to you.
¦ Ce type vous sled bien; teep —
see-ay.
31. A paper of pins; unpaquet d'^plngles;
day-pan-gl. . ,.
Some needles; drs aiguilles; zay
gwee.
Some hairpins: des 4pingles a- cheveux;
zay-pangl-zah-shev-uh.
A curling iron; un fer a f riser;
falr-ah-free-zay.
A shoe buttoner; un tire-bouton; —
teer-boo-tong.
A glove buttoner: un petit tire-bouton;
teer-boo-toiig.
32. Ladies* gloves; des gants de dame; — —
gaun duh dahm.
Gentlemen's gloves; des gants
d'homme; dom.
Have you cheaper gloves? avez-voua
des cant3 a mellleur march*?
may-yuh-mar-shay. ¦--.- ¦¦-•
Show me the best gloves; montrez-moi
YOs meilleurs gants.
33. Where Is the silk department?
Ou est le comptoir des soierles?
day-swa-ree.
34. "Woolen goods: d« laine: -^-duh-len.
35. A white silk shirtwaist: un corsasre
blouse de sole blanche; kor-saxj
bloosf .
36. A skirt; uno jupe; zjoop.
37. A petticoat: un Jupon; zjoo-pongr.
3S. Cashmere goods: cachemlre.
30. A dress: une rob*».
An evening dress; uno toilette de
• soiree.
A street dress: unn robe de vllle.
40. A lady's veil; une voilette; . ¦••
vwal-ett. ¦'' ' "K '
Plain: unle; oon-ee. .
:¦ Figured; ouvree: oo-x-ray.
Spotted: mouchetAe; moosh-tav.
41. Silk ribbon: du ruban de sole;, _•
duh swa.
42. Show me some ribbon velvet.. '. :
Montrez-moi du ruban de veloura; ;
Reading Lesson. . : "
The following Is the proper translation
of the French exercise of the last les
son., The student will carefully compare
the same as far as he Is able, comparing
the difference in the construction of the
two languages. It is advisable that each
exercise be corrected, copied and again
compared. "When all Is found to be per
fectly correct, study , each phrase by
6 <n She has found a gold ring. (2) My
friend has lost his pocketbook. (.1) Do
you like this bread? «4> This wine is not
so good as the wine which we had yes
terday. (5>l3 the bottled beer in Parl*
good? (6) Is it as good as that which one
buys by the glass?. (7) How pretty these
knives and forks are. (8) Are these cups
and sauceTa of real porcelain? (9) Is this
water fresh? It does not taste so. (10)
This gentleman la a traveler for an Eng
lish house. ,(11) Shall we take th» ex-
Eress or the accommodation train? (12>
'o you prefers front seat or a back seat?
(13) We leave pretty soon. I believe. (14)
Will you not a.sk the conductor? (15) See
after the baggage, while I buy the tick
ets. (16) Ask him for the checks.
Vocabulary— II y a: there are-. Types;
styles. Habit complet: whole suit. Maga
sln; shop. Allons; suppose we go. Les
points interessants: the sights. Rapporte
rez-vous; will you take) home? Un deml
numero; half a size. J'al peur: I'm
afraid. Trop: ' too. Prefercz-voua? do
you prefer? Le plus: the most Ralaon
able; reasonable. De piix; in price.
Jaune; yellow. Droita de douane; duty.
Etoffe: material. .
Translate the following Into English:
(1) Que de beaux maga3ins 11 y a ft
Paris! (2) Les genres de Paris sont
beaux. Les modes de Paris sont belles.
(3) Mon tailleur m'a. pris mesure de. <4)
Voulez-vous m'accompagner pour falre
des emplettes. (5) Allons voir les points
Interessants de Paris. (6) Combien de
palres de gants rapporterez-vous en
Amerique? (7) Ce tire-bouton, est-11 le
vOtre? (8> Je pense que ces gants de
peau de Suede sont tres beaux. (9) Quel
est le numero des gants que vous avez
achetes? (10) J'al peur pu'lla ne soient
trop petlts d'un deml-numero. (11) Lequel
est au prlx le plus raisonable? (12)
J'ai achete des rubans noirs, bleus,
rouges. Jaunes et blancs. (13) Les drolts
de douane pour »les plumes sont-lls
Clevfts? (14) J'achSteral seize metres
d'etoffe pour un costume.
Note— The English, translation of thi3
exercise will be given the following les
son, which will be published next Tues
day. -:;*"¦ ."•::¦.
Note — These lessons have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They are
Intended primarily for Americana who purpose
attentlng the Paris Exposition. The lessons
will Include (1) common - French words and
phrases, (2) easy conversation and (3) simple
reading lessons. ' -.
LESSON NO. 11— ONZIEME LECON
Idiomatic Expressions.
Forward; en avant; ong-avaung.
Backward; en arriSre; ong-ah-ree-alrr.
On top of: au-dessus de: o des-suh-duh.
Underneath; au-dessous de; o-dessou
duh.
Up stairs: en haut: ong-ho.
Down stairs; en bas; ong-bah.
Very early; de tres bonne heure; duh
tray bon huhr.
Kxtremely late: tres tard; tray tar.
Inside; en dedans; ong duh-dong.
Outside; au dehors; o duh-hor.
Near by; tout pres; too pray.
Far away; loin; lwane.
(At) a good distance; assez loin; as-say
lwang.
Pronouns.
My; mon (masc), ma (fern.), mes (plur.).
His; son (masc), sa (fern.), ses (plur.).
Her; son (masc). sa (fern.), ses (plur.).
Your; votre (masc. and fem.),voa (plur.).
Our; notre (masc. and fem.) nos (plur.).
Their: leur (masc. and fem.), leurs
(plur.).
Note— The^e rronominal adjectives differ, as
will be seen, airreeln» In gender with the noun
following and not with the possessor, as In En-
Klish. In forming comparisons, they are used
Instead of "If." "la," when an idea of pos
sesion is implied, as —
My youngest sister: ma plus jeune soeur.
My sister's hat; le chapeau de ma soeur.
His second daughter; pa deuxleme fllle;
duh-zee-em.
Her oldest son; son fils atne; feesa
say-nay.
Useful Words to Remember.
Once (one time): une fols; fwa.
How much? comblen? kom-bee-yan.
Four times four make sixteen.
Quatre foia quatre font seize; aez.
To count: cornpter: cong-tay.
Up to; jusqu'a: Jusk-ali.
A half; une moltie; mwa-tee-ay.
Note— The word "demie'* is mostly applied to
time, weight and measure. .
One-third; un tiers; tee-air.
A pound; une Iivre; oon lee-vr.
Note — Generally the "Iivre" is almost equiva
lent to our "pound." but varies according to
locality. A kilogram Is about 2 pounds.
A mile: un rallle; un meel. (Remember
that "millo" means also "1000.")
Note— A French mile is I.«OO.3l4 metres. A
centimeter is about 0.3937 of an inch. ¦'".:¦
A league; une lleue; oon lee-yew.
Note— A "lieue" is a little less than three
English miles, but varies according to locality.
A yard; un mitre; un mettr. . < ;. .,' ; =
Note— A French metre is about one yard and'
three inches; a kilometer is about *i of a stat
ute mile.
A quart; un litre; — lee-tr. ••:/.,
Note— A French "litre" is a little more than
our quart. ; C-j '.
A gram; un gramme; un grahm.
Note — A French "gramme" Is a little over
fifteen and a half grains troy, j
One-flfth; un cinquleme. /, .
One-hundredth; un centleme. • .- -¦•
Note — The decimal system la used In France
exclusively. In ' using 1 ordinal numbers, such
as one-flfth. one-ninth, etc.. In French they al-
T.-aya express one-flfth of a. part, one-ninth of
a i art, etc. . ? > .-V*
Memory Exercises.
1. The article: l'artlcle. '- . *:'-'l
2. At the millinery store.
Chez la modiste: mo-deest. .',>/.'•
3. At the tailor store.
Chez le tallleur: tah-eey-uhr. -.- -. •.
4. At the shoe store.
Chez le cordonnler; — kor-don-nee
ay. ¦ •'
5. At the book store. ? -V". -° ° ';i r ;
Chez le libraire: lee-bralf.- :.•:.¦„• ;
6. At the cigar store. •.,.-.= . ':;• •
Au bureau de tabac; ; ',' • .,/
7. The dry goods store: ¦-¦¦,''." ¦• ' . •
Le magasln de nouveautfis; mah-gah
;¦ •- zang.' • '. '''.-¦' ,' ".•¦-. " -'-\."- • '¦'.¦¦
8. At the stationery store.-/.. - _° >%'.'
. Chez 1« papetler; pap-tee-ay.^ =• ¦
9. At the jewelry store. ' ". • :¦••>; .-;> >¦
Chez le bijoutier; bee-Joo-tee-ajr. , ,"
10. The store: le magasln, . la boutique;
— — boo-teek. , ¦ •: ; . -f' .'-, :> ; -.
11. The repair shop, i* * -> .' '
Le dfipartement des reparations;
- — ray-pah-rah-see-ong.
12. The factory; l'usine; la fabrique; loo
zeen; fah-breek.
13. The tailor; le tallleur; tah-eey-uhr.
-The dressmaker; la coutuiiere; koo
. t6o-ree-alr. ; ° c ° , \_
= "-The dressmaking establishment; la
. malson de modes. ¦-¦ , \ Ij, - ¦•
14. The hatter; le chapelier; - — shap-lee
ay. .. •-, v *° ¦-. f'"' '• ~° c ".
15. The milliner;." la •' modiste; mo
. deest. '"¦*.•': s • '•• .*'¦" °
16. The book seller: le libraire; lee-bralr.
17. The shoemaker; le cordonnler; kor
, don-nee-ay. „• •• - ., ='«
18. To trim; garnlr; gar-neer/
To sew: coudre; koo-dr..'- -. .¦¦-':. •
•¦ To repair; reparer: ray-pah-ray.
To sell; vendre: vong-dr. '-,- ¦;¦--.
To wash; laver, blanchir; lah-vay,
• blang-sheer.'
To clean; nettoyer; net-twa-yay.
19! Some purchases.. J
Des emplettes: - — zom-plett.
20.' The dress goods department.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION
Copyright, 1900, hy Seymour Eaton.
Alfred Heslop- and J. R. Savory are
Joint owners of the pleasure yacht
Juanito. but. as they were unable to agree
as to whom should be entitled to the cus
tody of both halves of the vessel, the
court has been called upon to settle the
dispute. Heslop alleges that Savory has
denied him the privilege "of enjoying the
us© of the craft and prays the court to
order Its sale so that the proceeds may be
divided between the defendant and him
self. ---¦ -
Both Want the Yacht
The Continental Building and Loan As
sociation filed suit yesterday In the
United States Circuit Court against A- K.
Coney to recover $6500 on a promissory
note secured by mortgage. < •- , ;
Suit for Foreclosure Filed.
Eight weeks of wearisome, somnolesccnt
•teslhnony were given a quietus yesterday
morning in the Fair case. By stipulation
of attorneys It was agreed to allow a
condensation of evidence relating to the
pencil deeds, evolved in the trial of the
case of Angus versus Craven, to go into
the record of the present case.
Judge Troutt showed a unanimity with
the counsel of both sides. One hundred
days' were consumed In the former trial
over the pencil deeds and a wealth of tes
timony was inscribed by Court Reporter
George Smith. Later on when a tran
script on appeal was prepared, Smith con
densed the testimony and it is this synop
tlcaJ abbreviation wuich will be read into
the case of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven vs. the
heirs of James G. Fair.
The morning' session of the trial was
given over to a wholesale Introspection of
i stipulations. Attorneys for the respond
ents were desirous of reading into the rec
ord all the material evidence j In regard
to the deeds. With saving- objections the
petitioner's representatives agreed and
now Court Reporter Smith will have to
work 1400 odd pages of typewritten testi
mony into the case. Supplementary and
new matter will, of course, be worked in
to the trial also /rora time to time. At
present the signature of the marriage
contract is under investigation. In the
near future the Grand Opera-house note,
"Do you know your name, James G.
Fair? :> will be experted and then chiro
graphy will be relegated and place given
to human, breathing testimony.
The afternoon session found Expert
Ames on the stand and he declared that
the signature to the marriage contract
was altogether dissimilar from all the
other attested signatures on checks ad
mitted to carry the genuine handwriting
of the deceased millionaire. The testimony
was all of loops, circular lines, shades,
dots, flat tops, connecting lines, hesitat
ing strokes, blind loops and a wealth of
other , technical chirographlcal stuff that
is meant to convince the Judge that the
contract signature is a forgery. Ames
got as far as the F in the surname and
then the court adjourned until to-day at
10:30 a, m. ¦¦
Professor Ames Finds No Similarity
iu Signature on Marriage Con
tract to Other Handwriting
of Senator Fair.
Stipulation of Attorneys
Shortens the Trial Eight
Weeks.
TESTIMONY OF
PENCIL DEED'S
CASE ADMITTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TU ESDAY, MAY 1, 1900;
Ringing of the Locomotive Bell
De&tli Knell\ of Sotitliern
FIRST SANTA FE TRAIN
ENTERS SAN FRANCISCO
The semi-annual meeting of the Congre
gation Ohabal Shalome : wm - held at the
Bush street synagogue last Sunday. Rev.
Isidore Meyers was unanimously re-elect
ed ? rabbi, of the conere^atlon. .
7
- General Joseph Wheeler has
I written three exclusive articles
? nipon ."My Eight Months in
1 the Philippines." The first of
? these papers appears in the
- magazine section of next Sun-
»- day's Call and will bj the best
- and most authoritative ac-
' count ever published of .the
' conditions existing in the
*T!¥O Ls I *
AmlaWiz? fhe~Nile Overflows!
AND SO DO OUR HOUSES NIGHTLY!
With the Enormous Comic Opera Success,
The Wizard
of the Nile.
Xrw In Its THIRD BIG WEEK!'.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
price"? 25 and 50 Gents
Telephone Bush 9.
PHONE_MAIN 532.
HOLIDAY. MATINEE TO-DAY. ?¦ •.
' • A GREAT HIT!*. ' . •
Instantaneous "and brilliant success ' •
Of the -famous musical' comedy,' ''"' "-¦•¦'
IN CAY NEW YORK
Cheered and applauiled last night by a crowded
and enthusiastic house. ._ .- ..
If you miss It, you "miss a lot of fun.. '
In\ preparation,, an rntire novelty -to San
Francisco. "The LADY SLAVEY."- for -' two
years the -rage of- Lr*ndon -and New York/
USUAL POPULAR. PRICES,- . •
Good reserved Mt in orchestra- at all mati-
neeg. 2ao. Branch ticket office. Emporium.
RACING! RACING!. RACING!
1900-CALIF0RNIA : JOCKEY" CLUB -1900
APKIL. 21 TO .MAY 5.- INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND :RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thur»-
day, Friday and Saturday. . Rain or shine.
Kive or more race* each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
JI:30, 1,-1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
.-with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
end Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. rn. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B, MILKOY. Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
TRANS-ATLANTIC TRAVELERS
Furnished Special attendants by the
Pennsylvania System.
The bureau of attendants for trans-Atlantic
travelers established In Jersey City and New
York City twenty years ago by the Pennsyl-
vania System, has proven a great convenience
to persons making European trips and to
tourists arriving in America at that port. It
will be particularly convenient for visitors to
the Paris Exposition because the departure
docks of most of the Atlantic Steamship Lines
are convenient to the new Jersey City Passen-
per Station of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company.
This bureau consists of experienced agents
whose duties are to meet passengers arriving
In Jersey City and New York over the Penn-
sylvania Lines and assist them' In arranging
for trans-Atlantic trips via any of the steam-
ehip lines by conducting them to steamships
and aiding in preparations for a trip abroad.
These agents will provide rabs operated by
the Pennsylvania System and aid passengers
with their baggage. They are fully posted on
matters pertaining to steamships leaving New
York, and arrangements can be made through
them for procuring steamship tickets In ad-
vance.
They also meet Incoming steamships to aid
travelers In shaping details for continuing
Journeys from New York over the Pennsyl-
vania Lines by furnishing tickets, arranging
for the transfer of baggage from steamship
docks after it has been passed by customs ln-
Bpectors, and having the same checked through
to destination. They will reserve sleeping car
accommodations and relieve persons of the
foregoing details, making themselves useful as
attendants and guides free of charge.
Further information on the subject may be
obtained by addressins A. S. T. HOLT. Pacific
Coast Apent. No. 30 Montgomery St., San
Francisco. CaU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS., r°
¦
' Rest and help for weary
women are found in Lydla
Em Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. It makes wo»
men strong and healthy to
hear their burdens, and
overcomes those ills to
which women are subject
because they are women.
I LydU E. Pinktan's Vegetable Compound.!.
is known from coast to
coast, it has cured more
sick women than any
other medicine. Its
friends are everywhere
and ihoy are constantly
writing thankful letters
which appear in this
paper. '
If you are puzzled write
for Mrs. Plnkham's ad"
vice. Her address is
Lynn, Mass. Sho will
charge you nothing and
she has restored a million
women to health.
r*~~- ¦— ~ ~~ — [~-~-^i
.... . .-»^ s^."_^fr.-_j.^;^._..-s
4 QUART BOTTLES S3.20.
Kxpress charres prepaid.
Qigfceet rrade lor Medicinal or Family uee.
TVe give you the benefit ol the middlemen*!
profit besides 70a are guaranteed tie oer-
taisty el
PURE WHISKEY, „
N. ¦ tLSagr on case to Indicate content*. '-.
Money refunded If not eaUs^ctory.
Reference, any business firm and commercial
tcescie*.
F 1 . EPHRAIM dfc CO.,
Distillera* A-eats.
18 Montgomery street. Ban Fraaclsoo. CaJL
C^Xuloe the price could buy no better.
AKUSEMENTS.
Special Matinee To-Day, May 1.
DEWEY DAY.
Parquet. 2^c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
AN OVERWHELMING SUCCESS.
Fulgora's ALL-STAR SPECIALTY COMPANY.
UTTLE FRED. MR. AXD MRP. ARTHUR
£IDMAN. BOWMAN AND ARDELU
EJIOTHEKS FOIIREST.
In conjunction witli
OBPHECM STARS.
ETTA Ttt'TLER, PIGBY BELL. RAE AXD
BBOSCHE. MILDRED STROLLER.
PROTO.
AGAIN . THK ENTIRE
ENORMOUS PRESS >
PRAISE. I PRONOUNCE
•'A GILDED FOOL"
As Presented by
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Very Versatile Company
The U***! Dramatic Production of the Season.
Remember the Two Matinee? Thursday and
Saturday Afternoon*.
Xext Sunday Xlght. by Sp*eial Arrangement
- with Mr. Richard Mansfield.
"A PARISIAN KOMAZNCE."
Seats Now on Sale.
Tuesday Afternoon. May 8 — "SADA," Amer-
ica's Young Dramatic Violinist.
LAST 6 NIGHTS ANdTaTURDAY MATINEE.
THE COIXERS OF FUN.
WARD and VGKES,
<: PEOPLE— 40
In the So Funny Musical Farce,
THE FLOOR WALKERS!
FL'X PRICES ....25c. 25c, 50c. TSc and Jl
Jv'ext Monday. First Time Here. •
-THE EVIL EYE."
<atheatre *O
DEWEY MATINEE TO-DAY.
riCTrni-SQUE production
OX Bret Harti-'s Beautiful Story or the Early
Day* of California.
SEATS— 15c. £kv 23c. 50r.
MATINEE SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY-
Next tTeek, Ecrnic Production..
.." THE GREAT DIAMOND ROBBERY."
GLEN_PARK.
NEXT SUNDAY, MAY C •
WRESTLING MATCH.
HAM AOALI/th* Terrible Turk. Will M'et
A. O. OLSEN, the ForooiouK Xnede.
MONSTER VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
HALLOON ASCENSION. .
Fan Mat'-o <*r MiKMon ft. Cars. !
IO r.'ENTS— ADMISSION— JO CENTS. }
¦ ' : — r j
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
ir:-i:« otarrell street. «
Lillian Waltl.p. noprano. and John Kurkamp,
tenor. - Great Lan:bardl Opera Quartet. \ "La
Traviata" <C«rnflle).
10c— AdraiFEion— 10c. Matlcee Sunday/. ' |
•I^^i-W clean-up. V |
tf.)\^^- r /- <\%r\ } I jr For bovs from 3 to 8 years. They M
3^-y r-u-w'^-- I '/j /•/ are broken sizes, and odd c lots, and we
Sl^iil^N/ W won>t keep that kind Of cIothing ° x ne I!
W m if li minute longer than is 'necessary. da|
• p 61. / / Reefer and Middy Suits with vests m
W' «BrV / V / an( * sa " or c0 " ars — braid trimmed— fancy ||s
lip— : j\ mixtures, tweeds and cheviots. '
|^r " If ' to Greys, browns and blues. ¦ ||
0 "* v£\ 300 in the lot— some soli for $185, |p
'.- >J others JM-35* Come early to-day. Your g|
. ' • . pick from the tables P
Wms B he Ked rronXi^gdt
A. J PRAGER & SONS
857^859 HASUttX ST*ZMl .[»' NEW .YORK. ,; April : 30.— Business very, slow
to-day In" the.market for - metals.' ';. Tin, 7 how
ever. ... on s somewhat . , favorable . advices - from
abroad, showed : some improvement of price.
Nnv York Metal Market.
, Cherries : and . Strawberries , sold : off vcy well
for Monday.'- -> ?o? o
Six cars of Oranses were auctioned.'. as, 'fol
lows: J Kancy Navels'; J2 10® 2 70: . choice •do
U75©2; Standard, 85c@Jl 35; Seedlings, H 4S»b
1 CO. ."¦ . . . ? . ¦ .. • ..7.
Th» fir-iit Cnoscbprries of the »eason came In
Deciduous and f Citrus Fruits.
CVLL. I CA LEND AR
May. 13C6.
Time Ball.
Branch , Hydropraphlc Office, U. 3. X.. Mer
chant* 1 • F»-hance, San Francisco, Cat..
Aprtl 20/ 19C0.
The urn« r.a.i on the tower of the new Ferrr
buililnß Vaa dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 t h; meridian, or »t 8
o clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
CO. CALKINS.
- Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge.
: Stocks - df/ Butter are free . and r'Uhs-: market
Is dull, ob" the" ; recent -advance, . though
was sufficient to shut off northern, and "south
ern orders, Packing alone now keeps down , the
surplus! •'¦-' . • ' ¦'"' , : ' ¦ --. • "
Cheese is unchansed. ' " .¦. ¦ '
"Ranch, hirers are not over; active, ,but store
Ekks ere,' almost .wholly . cleaned up'nnd very
firm, ns tho demand for them 's brisk. ¦
lv.'l i Kii.« . V —'
Creamery— Fancy creamery, lTti<3 lSc; seconds,
17c. -•¦¦ . : ¦ • ' . ' ..-•¦¦•
Dairy— Fancy. 16V4©17c; c KOod to choice, 14®
16c; common, 14c. ,-. :-"j
CHEKSB— New. "HfJSc: Ycunc America. %ii
514.*" TTfjyt^y-Ti- ¦'^/Jyi"/** T\'*»tPrn ' \ )s^f lßf - n*»«_' 1^
EGGS— Quoted at KH^l-'S O toT s l° re and ICQ)
17^£c per # dozen for ranch.
Buttei; Cheese and '-Eggs.
SHEEP— Receipts. . lO.ftOO; shrep uteady to
clow; lamb* weak to-10iT15c lower; top, lambs,
$5 75: good to choice' wethers, 15 2'i(fij 50; fair
to choice mlx Ml. J4 CO^S 25; Western sheen
$5 15«i5 SO; yearllnss. *5 CCQ6 15: native lambs'
$sX.ofe7 25; Western lambi!,- Jo 8507 25' . '
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 33,000: to-morrow
IS,GOO. estimated; ' left .over, 60C0; 5c -to 714 c
lower: tor, 15 57*4: mixed and butchers, $3 Zo<6
5 SO; good to choice heavy. $3 40© 3 57H: rouch
*eavy. |5 ings 35: light. « 13©5 47H::-balJc of
Chicago Livestock Market,
CHICAGO, April 30.^-CATTLE— necelpts, 22,.
00<V' Including 400 .Texans; .steers. Blow to- 10c'
lower; butchers' >tock Pteady: natives, . best
on- Bite to-day, one carload at- $5 CO: good- to
prime ;trers. $4 SS©5 75;. p00r to medium, $4 20-V
4p; telected feeders. Ktronß, active, $4 4<Vr7.>;
rolxed stockers, J3 Do«fi4 25; cows, J3Jj4 60;
heifers, stronsr, J3 40ft5; cannerß, ; ;$2 250"2 98;
bulls, $2 "Mi 4 S5; calveg, weak, $4 25^"6 25-
T*xan f»*d Btsers, $15ij 20; Texas. bulls, stronp
S3 2:.(53 75. , "
.'• ¦ ¦-•¦•..'"¦ .LIVERPOOL. : •' •".' . -¦
Wheat— .:,..•.:. . • • •. . •;•-:•; May. • •• July.
Opening :::>.>.. 5 9»i :-:".-5 S*i
Closing .....,;....; 5 914- 6 S%
:-¦•"¦ ' ' .. .•• Paris.,
¦ . ••' ;"¦ May. Bept.-Dec,
Opening ....... ... : .'..¦...¦..... 19 95 SI TO ¦
Cioslnpc 19 S3 . II 70'. • -
Flour— -' ' .',. ' '. ¦ -, .'-¦ ' ¦•,¦. -'
Oiwning ....,." 26 60 ' 28 40 :
ClosinB 26 M - '28 40
Dried Fruit in XmYork.
The New York Commercial fays: "From Cal
ifornia come reports of more activity of late,
with Improvement !n Inquiry, limited chiefly
to prunea and peaches. ; But little additional
trade has resulted because prospective . buyers
ofTer V»c le*» than holder* are wjlllng to ac
cept. The s-anie rep< rt s-ay» that' the miscel
laneous lots of prunes have been cleaned up
and the bulk of supplies remaining are closely
concentrated. This makes it more difficult to
rhnde pi-ices, and apparently holders have se
cured the upper hand. A good many peaches
have b»*n fold of late on a haeis of i>\.c for
choice, but holders arc firmer now. and it would
be difficult to get anything "below 6c. The mar
ket on the coast Is fald to b<- In much better
shape than for a number cf weeks heretofore. •
"'Raisins are moving slowly. Crop pros
pects Indicate as larpe a yield as last year,
even th<uirh frott damage 1" reiwrted ifJJ per
cent of thr early crop. Producers and handlers
will have the advantage this year of a bare
market when the new crop is ready for.«il»
trihutlon. There If no change in the general
situation. Some buying, subject to opening
price*, is in progress, but it is said that it is
not a«> large as it was a year ago. the dis
sensions among growers and packers having a
tendency to reduce buying for future delivery."
Weather Report. '¦
oroth Meridian— Pacific Time.) . : .
SAN FRANCISCO. April 30, 1900—5 p, m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<5ate, as compared with those of the same date
la*t season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours: - .'•¦'. '-.. : ¦'-¦¦ ¦•¦¦.¦
~.< Last- This v: Last
Stations— Zi Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .'....;.,.'.. ?..'¦• 0.00 - : 47.98 '33.24
Red uiufr o.oi 21-t; ro.c*
Facramento „,... 0.04 17.36 V14.01
Pan Francisco.-. Trace 18.10 16.00
Fresno 0.24 6.33 / -; 7.1!
Independence 0.22 2.42 '-¦•¦- 1-1*
San L-uls Obispo 0.00 15.S2 .16.31
Los Angeles 0.(«3 6.06 4.97
Pan Diego 0.00 4.S4 .4.^7.
Tuma 0.U0 . 1.2S 1.34
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CS; minimum, S3; mean. 66.. ••;
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
The pressure has risen slowly over th» central
portion of the Pacific .Slope and has fallen rap-
Idly over the l"pi>er Missouri Valley and the
British possessions. The depression over North
era California is working slowly northeastward.
The temperature has lallen rapidly over Ore
grm. Southern Vafhlngton and Northern . Ne
vada. In the great valleys of California the
temperatures are from 10 to IS degrees below
the normal. '¦ ¦.- -. •'.:• "' .-' . ¦ ':
Rain has fallen generally through California
north of Point Conception. In the Sierra* gen
erous rain has fallen. ¦ .¦"'.¦ '¦ ;'¦-: .-
May day i>romises to be pleasant over the
greater r*>rtlon Gf the coast. ¦ ,'- ¦¦
A maximum wind velocity cf C6 miles per
bour from the west is reported at Neah Bay.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 1. 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday, with
showers in the Sierras: warmer in the valleys;
southerly winds changing to westerly. '. "-¦ ' •
Southern California-Fair Tuesday; light
*-«>sterly winds.
Nevada— Showers Tuesday. . ¦..¦ - : '¦::'..'
l"t ah— Showers: cooler Tuesday. :'" .V'.V
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
probably breaking away early in the day; light
eoutherlv changing ti> fresh westerly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
AVti' York Stock Market... ;
NEW YORK. April 20.— The day on the
stock market started oft with another attempt
to nifh up prices by speculative manipulation
with the purpose of attracting: an outside fol
lowing, but the ghcst Interest had bevn so
far eliminated by the event* of the latter part
of la« week 'that there was not sufficient de
mand from that source to keep up prices.
Neither was there, any awakened Interest de
veloped through the commission house*. The
market therefore fell back and became dull
and heavy, but without i>osltlve weakness un
til some of the latter developments, when the
bears Bhowed renewed vigor and sold prices
to the lowest of the day. The violent break
in Sugar was the principal element in the de
cline. That stock sold up to 1214 In the early
dealings anc} recoxered to jhat ngure after a
reaction end then tell away with occasional
spasmodic rallies to 112°*, closing only slightly
above that. The news bearing on the stock
consisted of a story from iioston giving elab
orate detr.tis-cf the alleged terms of the set
tlement of the trade "war and the expressed
opinion of a prominent speculator Just before
Falling for Europe that the war was settled.
Several of the principals in the trade conflict
denied the allegations during the day: The
threatened strike on the New York Central
caused a "all of 2'*i points In that stock and
hid a sympathetic effect elsewhere In the list.
M.ssouri I-"aolnc was push*/ up to CO on ru
xnorc that a dividend wouid be declared at
«o-day'8 meeting of the directors and that
John I>. Rockefeller would be admitted to the
directorate. Both rumors failed to he con
firmed by the event and the 6to<*k fell back,
but saved a small net gain. The steel In
dustrials after some show of. weakness also
became firm and closed generally with a
email net gain. The only developments bear-
Ing on the group were rumo?« regarding the
threatened legal process against officials of
the Steel and Wire Company. United States
I>-ather made a considerable show of strength.
Otherwise the market generally yielded to the
reactionary tendency and "closed very near the
lowest and easy in ton*.' There were no de
velopments of Importance in the money or
exchange market. • though both were scanned
wllh eager interest. Discounts In London and
sterling exchange here were slightly easier,
but Londcn has to prepare for a 10 p*r «*nt
Installment of the (government loan, which
will be taken up this week. The tightening
of the London money market and the demand
Xor exchange in New York to pay the Install
ment of American subscription will all tend
toward puld exports.. The money market here
continues easy and f.h"ws no sign cf harden
ing, notwithstanding the diminished supply of
cash for the market on sub-treaaury opera
tions. It is worthy., of remark in this con
nection that Saturday's treasury statement at
Washlnirton *!.owt-d an excess of receipts over
expenditure for the day of H.T.21.O1. thus ma
terially raising the figure of the month'* sur
plus. . . v • ¦
Itailroad bond* were r.eak In sympathy with
Ftooks, but the dealings were rather light.
T"tal sales, par value, $1,470,000.
United States 2s advanced U and new 4s <Ie
c51ned % in the bid price.. ;
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ."
fc"fcarf» <¦ . - Closing
•old. Ftorks— • „• ''..;•: ;¦'• bid.
3;XA AtchiRon ....'.:'..:..... 3GU
20.S30 Atchison prefd . .'." 62^J
4.t-*0 Jialtimorc k. Ohio K3'»
l.OuO Crnadlan Pacific .....:, K.\
. S.O00 Canada Southern ."....:; 551,
• 3.S50 . Ch»^3peake & Ohl« .'».:...., sov*
-1,510 Chicago Hrent \\'tti*rn~ .:...: nv 4
' ll.f.75 Chicago 15ur»ln?ton & Qu'acy.. ,.lZi't
fTiicago Ind & Louisville . ; ;.-,
Chicsgo Ind'A: Louisville prrfd iB'-A
Chimgo fc East Illinois jno "
..¦ Chicago A Northwestern jej '
5.JK5 Chicago Rock Irland &. Pacific V'%
l.Jf,0 (' C O J Pt I^ou!s ' , ttilf
110 Colcrsdo Southern .¦/. (,%
Ccl Fouthern l«t rrrM , f2
Col Southern 21 prefj IC14
Ijelaware ft Hudson :..-.. "..115
?f»0 Delaware I^nckawanna & "n'csfern..lT7
2:5 Denver* nio Orande lS>i
f^O Denver & Rio Grande prefd '.. GS»i
300 Erie : .*..... 12'i
?00 Krie Irt prefd 3»
CC; Ore^t Northern prWd l.%6 «
Hooking Coal 17»;
Hocking Valley 40
«40 Illlnoli Central :.. 114Vt
200 Iowa Central '. 1TV4
JtO Iowa Central nrefd '... — MM
rw Katifs« City nusburg & Gulf \%
1.0M Lake Rrie A; Western...... Sfl«i
100 LtUc Erie & Western prefd.......... K
..'..'.:. Lake Shore 210
3.000 Louisville ¦& Nashville 814
' S.S75 Manhattaa L i'i\
4,110 Metropolitan Street Rallway....v...-157
.400 Mexican Central ..;.'.. 13»i
... Minn & St Louis ..v... ..;...;,........ 61
.;..™. Minn & SfLouIs Drefd .............. 94*;
TS.SJO Missouri Pacific ..:...... f.S
Mobile & Ohio ..:. 434
....... Missouri Kansas & Texas ll>- 4
2.500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 34»i
842 New Jersey Central .............. IIS"*
3.773 New York Central 133^
4.€«7 Norfolk &. Western ..; 3S>-%
3.200 NorfoJk & Western prefd : .". "i%
6,s<«j Northern Pacific ¦..:.:..,..;. 5*2fc
1.033 Northern Pacific prefd ;. .-.' "5 ¦'
4.S00 Ontario & Western 22«»
,.. Oregon Railway & Navigation. ..,.>. 42 ¦
....... Orrson Railway & Nav prefd. .'. 76 .
14.ET.0 Pennsylvania -..•.•..-,...;..'¦:. 13tST»-.
6,110 Reading .,:... ;......;. .;.;....V..:- 1S4 '
¦'¦.. -200' Reading 1st prefd ¦L..;,V>.::>..-.'.. .;.;;;. b? -.
....... Reading 2d prefd ...V-i..:.!.....'.;.:.....' 41' •
....:.... Rio Grande. Western '.. :.....,'... ;.v.. ;.".- CO V
'••: 400 Rio Grande Western prefd . -.».';.. !»..'..- S64
:.;>...• St Louis & San Francisco :.Y. .'.;...,.. 10U.
...,..; St Louis & S F 1st ?>refd ;..:...;.... C9
....... St Louis & PF2d prefd. :.,".,.. .." : 35«4
......: St Louis Southwestern. ;.;..: :.v;,. : ... 12 •¦"
3.^23 St IjouIs Southwestern prefd -.\iY..'..' 304
t.230 ft Paul. ;.... ..........,../..„:.... 11S^
....... .-'Ft Paul prefd ¦..•:..-..;Vw,'.-...i.iVi. .;..... 173.
....... st Pnul & Omaha .....:^^,..'.: : :... : .119 \
U.f'f.O Southern Pacific r:::..i-';...4;'.;;>:;;'... 2i ¦
i 220 . Southern Railway /..V..;:v..;.,.,....13ii
• 2.C00 Southern RaiHvay prefd,-.^...\:i....v 66 r «i
; 4.1J0 Texas &- Pacific :....;.::..^,.... : i..,: 19>i
13.2v.O fnlrn Pacific ;..:;¦*:. ;;J.;».ii;.:;., ./UFJi
4.S1O : l*nlon Pariftc -prefd ;.V...:-..^:. :..... 74'x
2.2CO Wabash ....:.: i i..:.;.:^;,:; i :;.;«..i.v i -..:- KH
S.ttf) Wabash prefd .........:.-..;.:^..i....:22»
.:..:... Wheeling & Lake Erie... :..:;.,. '.:V...i 10£
.; 1.0C0 Wheeling & L E 2d prerd ....... .;;u.2<»
• €10 Wisconsin Central .-..,i : .-.;^v,:..-... J .106^
..•¦'¦ '-."•'... ICxpre^s Companies— *- :"..,.-' ;-.\--\\ ¦¦'..¦ :
.^..... Adams •..'..:...:...¦.>........ .'.. : .' :.,.:.. •.'..'. 125 :
i . . .... .American ' ... .ivl. ¦;".-»; i-.'.v. :>';.^.;..Vi . . .147 v .
....... fnited States >.:......>^.;..,U-......; 46^'
:...... Weils Fargo .; > .^^ii...;.;:;;.:. i .a23.>
MiscelLaneous— .' .' • •••'"-:..••.¦¦¦." •.;:." \.
2S0 American Cotton QH:.;^/... ..;... V.;,V, 354
¦-. ..American Cotton Oil. prefd.-... .¦...:*.. &6 •¦.¦.
¦«.....:. American Malting ¦;;....¦.,:.<..:!.;.:,... 33%
;. ..... American Malting prefd:..'.'.'...'.-.;:.'; .21..
1.200 American Smelting & •Ref..';'»i'^i.,.':"'.'S7- i ' !"
.410 American Smeltine. & Ref. prefd.:,;;. fS?i
...'.' American Spirits. '.*,%•> . . . . .'..;; f ..ii-....¦¦•'tii'
.'...... American Spirits prefd.V.».......V;.'.' 17:: ¦
.1,130 American Steel Hoopu.:".. : .'J:,L^i'.-."iY$5}i •
420 Arr.erlcan Steel Hoop prefd...-.;.:;/.viIJ4tj
14.:?."i American Steel & Wire..'.;..;...'...;. 391,.
6.M American: Steel &' Wire prefd/... ..-.764
775 American Tin. Plate.;.... ;.:..:. i.^.; 26V
CM American Tin Plate. prefd;:.. .. l-..'...v 7J : :-..
C,f'7O •'. A merlcan Tobacco .v. . : . .«:..". .'. .;'.'.; ; . 103^i ;
.American Tobacco pretd..;; /. ;.:..'. .131
COO -Anaconda Mining 'Co...V. J ..i.':...:,. 46'
1*.7S3 Urooklyn Ilapid Transit.........;... 73?i
' 2.050 Colorado Kuel & Iron.:.,V.'..Ui.'.;;;,. 41 : •
2.6^ Continental Tobacco , ...>;v,. ; .;..,.;.-.'3O'.'. •
4^1 Continental Tobacco -prefd..,..;,;.. M*i. :
7.560 Federal Steel .. .-.i ;;-.";. .. ,;„.„. i v :.-. « ;
780 Federal Steel prefd. . ; ; ; . ;. i. . . ........ 69Vi
2.27*. General. Electric .'li.»:>...;. : '.i.'.. ; .'.'.,.;lJ7.- •¦'
1.S50.- Glucose Sugar . ..¦..'.. ;VV.. ;..;.'....*.¦..» 43 ¦¦'¦
...;... Glucose Sugar firefd....;;.;;.,........ 994
3,295 International Paper. ....;..". ,'.'......'¦.;¦ .23%i •
.200 International Pai>er prefd..'...'.; .60 .
' li/0 I^adede Gas ..................... -;. 70.
100 National Biscuit ¦: .. ; . Z2V 2
....... Nitional Biscuit prefd 86
; ]0<) National Lead . 22*i
225. National Lead prefd ....;... ...104 ¦'•¦
2.U'0 National frteel .'...-.;.........>. 33*4
: .: 400 National Steel prefd .'...... *S ¦
New York Air Brake ;.... 125
'•'••:; MX) North American .-.........; 14^.
;:....'¦;•;¦¦. Pacific Coast ;....;...; 51 -. r
........ Pacific Coast 1st prefd..'..'.;.......... M '.7
....... : Pacific Coast 2d prefd.. ..:;. ......;.. 60 .
.'. ..:. . ; Pacific .': Mall 32
9,l;i0 I'eople's Gan ...;...........,. 4 .;.... 103U
.200 Pressed Steel Car. ......;.;.....:. 45
....... Prfssed Steel Car prefd...... „..;... SO'
*50. Pullman Palace . Car.-.. ;'....„... ,.V.'Al84 '•'•
.......' Standard Rope 4: Twinei.;.,.'.;.'.v,.-. : .'' 6 K
2".6,170 ..Sugar .• .........-..'. -.. .'.;.-... . . .', ;'; .-..; . .'. .. ;lt?«'
2f>0 Kugar.prefd .....,.......wiVi':;..i;.v. : .lli- .
3.^'.0 .Tennertee Cob! & Iron: . U,^ ...... ; : . .. Sl^i
32,ffrt I'nited .S;ates I^enther .....:...;.....' 13
7(>0 Vn'ted States J-eatherprefd..;.;..;:-7i
340 T-nited States Rubber....;....;.;.... sow.
130 T'nited States Rubber prefd........: 9>! ;
3f2 Western I'nioh: ........;,..;.......„. k2 ¦:
2J31 Republic Iron & Steel. .\i.-.. .'..¦¦.;.::. 17 ,
425 Republic Iron & Steel prefd. '...;,...• 53 '¦••
PC C & St Louts. ;.:....:.:.:...,,.;; G2 :
30A Third Avenue. ".,:'.:.".;':.'.,;;.V;.-.;.'.-.i.lO7 ! .
620.WO Shares sold;. ¦ ¦,'¦:.}:. ••'.• ": . \'..\' "• ' • '•:'•
-; : :'.-B6xps.r- : ; . "/.'¦ :'.://; :""'
.'J S 2s refunding : JM-' K .&' ; Tids.ir..:"C9 '
¦ w < when Issued) . . . . ICftfc j *.I . k . * J. 4s. .; .... "S3i;
I S 2s whenJssue<llC2i ? !N . Y CenfV-lsts...llOH
!. I s reg..... WJ;N J ¦ Cent- gen : 5s ; . 123 v;'
L S is reg....,.....M*si:\V. ; Car6llna 6s;.:;l.»7'i
L S 3a coup. ;.......10-ji,;N6,raroUna4s.^.. 106
I S new 4k reg.... «3';«| Northern Pac 33.'. te
l S new 4s eoup..J34VN"orthent Pac 4s..:.105»i
I" S old 4s reg.... ,,114 jN .Y C ..& Si L 4s.ly5»i
I B old 4s coup-.i-lHiiiiN &,Wcon v 4s..;..97ii.
t- S 5s reg '-..11? -]N t : &- W feen 6s.i..,134 •*
I R j» coup .¦¦.-.113'i Or Nav Ut«... : .;v.'-'.-10S-. : -'."
Diet of Col 3-65S...12I .-Or' Nav -4ii..-l'. : .\ ¦ . • 1C3Si-
Atchls<:n pen 4s....l0o<i Or Short Line £s j'3 . •
Atchison adj 4s.... St . -i-Or'S Line con 5siluX4-
Can So Ids ;107 I Reading Gen 4s:-. i.ss^
<'he S «r Ohio 4V>s. 99H R O:W. lsts:;..;v. H9 .*'
Ches & Ohio S*:.V.121 St L '& I Mcbn 5<lio4
C & NW con 75. .143 IStL & S F Gen Cs 1-4?.
C & NW SFdeb 5s m^St Paul con..:.. I7»i;
Chicago Term 4s.. 96 ! St P C & P is ' 1'>1
n & R O ljts:...:104»;!st P C & P letsl'lio
D & K G 4s :.. UH60 Railway . r .s....ll2 l i
K T Va & Ga lBts.102^1 Stand R & T 6s 71
Erie gen 4s........ 73 Ten new set 3s 95U
F W & D t: sts...; 714 T & P lsts..... n;u
Gen Elec 5s .'..120 T & P 2ds " eU
O II i S A 6s. ....107 ITnlon Pacific 4s.. !l0. : ,
G H & S A 2ds....l03 Wabash 1st mvi
II & T C 5s .¦.Hl'.i Wabarh 2ds...... lnjii
II & T C con .6s... 110 [West Shore 4s.,;. . .11314
Iowa Central Its.. 113 twis Central lats »1>4
K C P & G sts.. 72'i Va Centuries...... si»i
Lo new con 4s 10SV«>Va deferred.:..;. 5
L & N unified 4s.lOOVC & S 4k ' tiu
S P 4* S3 ....... . . '. • ,¦ " *
MINING STOCKS.'/ ¦',•••¦'• •
Chollar ....' 30jOntarl» ....<.... .' 8 23
Crown Point ¦...-. lOIOphir ..:.!.... .;-.;; f,4
Con Cal & Va:...l 43 i Plymouth .j">
Deadwood GO; Quicksilver ...... '* 1 m
Gold & Currj'..:... lO 1 do prefd .-.......; 750
Hale & Norcross 20'|Slerra Nevada.: 33
Hntnestake ...M f*>!Standard ... 3 75
Iron Silver .....:... 6S.TnIon Con ........:-. ">i
Mexican 2Ci Yellow Jacket.*...!. ' 21
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.--' V.'.
Money — - Rubber " '0
Call loans 34^4 Union Pacific ,. .' 55U
frimeloans 4JX.> West End ...-.;.¦:... 93
. Stocks — k^ .Bonds— ¦¦ ...;.•¦- •¦
'Atuhlfon 23% Atchlncn 4s ..'..' ?100 '
do prefd 63', N E G & Coke 5s.. 6Stt
Am Sugar 112H| Mining shares— •«
do pr^fd 1124 i Adventure 41:
Bell Telephone .... 334 Allouez Mln Co...' 1*;
Boston A- Albany. .243 |Amalg Copper ftou
Hostcn Elevated... 14S4 Atlantic 231,
Boston & Maine.. .191 ¦ Boston ¦& Mont.. 3.)0
C li 4- Q ,...124T« Calumet & IIecla.7:.3
IVim Coal prefd.... 44 Centennial 19
Fed Fteel 116 Franklin 15
do prefd 41 Humboldt no
Fitchburg prefd .. 6>'i lOsoeola gjj
Gen Elec 137 iParrot 4414
Ed Elec 111 203 Qulncy [ 13s
Mex Cent 134|Santa Fe Copper.! &|i
N E G & Coke.... 154'i:tah Mining ...... 30-
Old Colony 299 JWinona .....,,,.... 4 '.
Old Dominion ...... 1S»4; Wolverine* 43
New, York Money Market:"../' :
NEW YORK, April SO.— Money on call at *!&
24 per cent; laet lean. 2Vi^per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4g5 per cent. ' Sterling ex
change, irregular, with actual business In
bankers' bills at « SS'4©< SS4 for demand and
at- 14 64^4 844 tor elxty ¦ ¦•ays. Posted rates
?4f:,'54fS4 and $4 R9Q4 83^. Commercial bills'
J4*3 > ,i0i Sl'J. Silver c certificate*, t9',t'SC0V;c'
liar silver, M%c. Mexican dollars. 474*c. '
BONDS— Goverrment, Irregular; State, Inact
ive; railroad, we&k.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 30.— The New York Com
mercicl Advertiser's London financial cable
gram says: -'j87fl| • ¦
The markets here were Idle and dull to-day,
ostensibly on dear money, but really because of
the persistent pressure, realizing sales and the
general disinclination to buy. Funds relapsed
fractionally.
Americans opened slightly above parity, but
i there was absolute stagnation In th»:n . until 3
";Twb carv of Ea»tern ' Poultry-, were offered,'
selling at (rood prices. - ". • '¦'••¦ ' . '-.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9311 c for Gob
blers and 13514 c: for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 7:©2; Goslings. $2 23®2 60; Ducks, $1 60^5 CD
for old ' and t6@7 for young: Hens, $3<s?6:
Younft " Roosters »fl no@7: Old Roosters. <$4 250
4 £0: Fryers, {5 °S0©«; . BrolKrs. J3 &o®4 £0 for
larre aad ?2 sC{f3 for .«mnll: Pltreons; $1 7^j2 p«r
dozen for old and $1 75©2 for Squabs. . ' ; ; ;
- GAME— Nominal. •.¦.: •" . • • •
~P Sultry, and '¦ Game.
, .VUI'ATOKS-— Hu'Huiki". 40g"?or rr sack: Ore
gon Burbank*. COtffSOe; New Potatoes, l©l',4c,
. ONIONS— New Red, U 50@l 75 per ctl; Aus
tralian. TS per ctl. '
VEGETABLES— nhubarb, 25<S"5c per box:
Anparaptis, ?1«il 60 per box for No. 2 and $175
ifi2 for No. 1 and • $2 25>!?2 50 for. fancy larue:
Green }'ea»«. 75c@$l 25 per, Pack for common and
2©<4c for Garden; String Beans, Gs?7c for. Los
Angeles and S«f9c for Vaeavtlle: Horse Beans,
75cW$l ppr sack; Cabbage/ 40(?f50c: Tomato*^.
U25«2: Kgß-i'lant from Los AnjceJes. S@l2'^c;
I^rJcd OUra. 32Hc cor lb; Garlic, 3e; Green
i'eppers from Los An«re!os, 7@loc; . Dried Pep
l>ers. Sf?lCc; Carrots, 254f35c per sack; Los An
geleK Summer' Squash, $1 25©1 50 per box; Cv-
Curnbers,-4.0c(?/U per dozen.- ¦:, ••
. Supplies of Vegetables were free as a rule and
prices were rather easy. 'There was no particu
lar change In Potatoes find Onions. •• •;
¦' Hecel fits were 778 boxes Asparagus, 276 boxes
Rhubarb. 6G2 sacks Peas and 30S sacks New
Potatoes. . , ¦ ¦•" ' • ' :
Potatoes, l ;on ions and : Vegetables!
.. Price's- 'for all descriptions remain, as/before.'
Tiitb a <3^U'markiß.t.. : -: •. •.- . ¦; • •.¦. ¦ / •; ';¦•;.¦ .
. UKANte-^Bayos; J303 26; : rmall White; $3 250
a'SO : l»f?e: .White;. •. $3 20g3 23 ; Pink. J2 t&tfiM;
Jtfdv"jJ®3X'o;:'.lslißioke:ye,- ,$4 50;' Butters, nomi
nal.- lilma\ $s : 2si:i'ea,;-.»34«i03 50; ned-itldneya;'
J3..5G18 1.';'.-- : ¦¦•"- vV ,¦¦¦•.: ¦••-¦:<¦ ¦'.' \. :••''.:¦:•••;•.¦>•.
. :SKEf.>S-^Hrown -.-Mustard.' nominal; t*»ow
Muitanl;'. .-^'/jfi'Wici-.Flnx. .$1 004T2 20; ..Canary,
3V4c:.'per..rb:fcfrV<^a'llf6rnia .and '4c- for. Eastern;.'
Alfalfa. -.seiDc:- * Itapei .2H®3c;.V.llemp.-. 4O4Vic;
Tlthothy.' 4iff4%c, .-.• : •-:•-' • ' .• ••••¦•.' ••:-'.;
• -DUIED I'KAS^-Xlles,. Jl 9032 2j; Green,; »190
62 2i' per .c'tli ¦];_;.. ;"V". •-• .' ; .:¦¦: ¦¦¦'¦¦ './:¦¦ ;. •'
Beans arid. Seeds.
•.'¦•¦ •'".* : i- - •'.!¦.•";¦ . iipN'nAY.; 'xStti'iHtii'-i. m."
¦• •¦¦ •¦/ - : ' - : .' :'•• .'. ntd.-Ask." .v :-.:.¦•¦.'•;•;¦ ¦ •• Birr/A^k.
.-. V S. BoridsrV- . : - ' ' "•¦ Eqult Q'L.-Go;:-.2'i 3
4s quar coup;...114V114<^ Mutual • Ej'.'eo. — 11 -
Hs do reg.......n4."114> 4 O G L &II..:« 46' " —
;-4s-.dp.cp new. ; r . 132^4 =.>'¦* I'ac ¦'«¦«« Imp..'.. ' ASM
3s' do' coup..... — lluVi Pa'ir.L Co.-. ,.¦;.' — ,.' 4i •
Miscellaneous—"- ¦. S F'O"&'E.".,%* .48"
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll9 : 120 Han. Francisco. (U 4S
C C Water 5s. .W7 — 5tkn O & E Co 10 •— •
Ed L. & P, fi«. .130 — Insurance— 0 -.':
F & Cl Ry 6s. .115 — FirenVs Fund. 227 —
Genry-st R Cs. — S2V4 BanK Stocks—
H C & Siiji. — — Anjclo-Cal Ltd. 64% —
Do E«..:......ior,«4 — Bank of- Cal...4<i.-> •_:
L. A Ry Cs 104% — Cal S D A T..I03\ —
Do gntd 6s.. — — First National. — 290
LA L Co 6s... — Lon P & A....132V1 —
Do pntd 5s.. 99\il01 Merchants" E.M5 —
I'A*PB 59.1D2S — Nev Nat Bk.. : . — —
Mark-t-st Cs...l2Sr* — Savlnes JJank^-
Do 1st m £s..n7'.i — Ger S & L...1S90 —
N C N O R 7s. — 1U Hum S & L... — —
N U of Cal 6s.U3'i — Mnt Sav Bk... ATM —
N P of Col 6».115% — S F Sav U 510 — v
¦ N V C R R 6S.10S — tav &. t. So... 74 78 .
Do 5s ...107 — Sec Sav Blf. — —
N Cal R H 6s.ll3 — Union T Co.... — —
Oak « L&HSs.llO — Street Railroads-
Oak Trans 6s.. 114% — California 12m —
Oak "VV Co ha.. — 10r.^ Geary-tt ... BO . _
Oceanic S Co. .107 107H Market-st Ry.. 62»i C ai i
Om C Ry 6s...l2G*;i2S O S L & H — »i
I' & Cl ity 6«.104Vi — Prtrsldlo ."' is —
P & O R R Cs. — — Powder Stockp—
Powell-st It C».117 — California 150 —
Fa- I. &• niUi. 90 — Giant Con Co.. S4 84^
S F & SJV 58.117^118^ VlKorlt 3 3'i
- Hv of Cal 64.1UW — MiKHr Sto«-kE—
S P of AC 114HU4 1 ; Hana S PCo... SV1 S^i
Do (1203) 109 110 Haw C & S Co 87V4 S3
Do <100fi) 1UHU3 Honokaa S Co. .T'u S2V,
Do (1312) 119V4120 Hutch S P Co. 23-* -mvH
Po 1st cc Cs. — — Kllauea S Co.. 21 21V1
S P Br f,a 127\il2S'.£ Makawell S Co 47H 4S
S V Water 6s..lM» g U5Vi Onomen S Co.. "-,' - »su
Do 4s... 1C4 — Paauhau S Co. 30'i -r
R V W <3<1 in). 102 — i Viw»llnn«>u*--
Stktn Grb 6s.. 09 — Al Pack Ansn. — ll$U
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asii.105% — ¦
Contra Costa... 63 — Mer Kx \i««n . — K.n
Marln County.. — — Oceanic S Co.. 9CU 94U
Eiirlng -Valley.. 95U 93H Pac A F A.... 2 \ —
¦• C'Bf <t K'«ctrlc- ,' Pac C Bor Co. 150 ' —
Cent L & P.... 3*1 — . Par Paint Co.. 10 ' —
Cento L. CaV— — .„ ° : . . ¦,
•' ' Morning Session.'
.".•Board— ° ° ' - ,""•'
30 California Fruit Canners' 106 00
¦ W Hana Plantation Co 8 50 ¦
,100 Honokaa Sugar Co .... '.;.., .V.....;s2 2T»
50 Market Street Rnllway 62 "s
,100 Onomea Sugnr Co ."..,.....' '. *-, oa
1^ Paanlmu S P Co .............J; ii) 50
CO Paauhau S P Co .-- 30 1714
13 Spring Valley Water ...: \C..\\: 95 25
: .. Street— '."¦'
SlC.OVrt Market Street Cable 6s i<im
J20CO S F &. S J V bonds.... .....'""llS 00
. Afternoon Session. """
.... Beard—. " • .
£5 Contra Costa Water ..I'... "63 00
• 10 Giant Powrier Con '" fu Art
¦ 20 Giant Powder Con i. ,
20 Hana -Plantation Co". '"¦' e ,-,.
$1000 Hawaiian. C & S Co Ss ;"-""' 105 sA
2:. Hutchinson R P Co ..'.. :.....- ••••• 1 «- ojj .
25 Hutchlnnon S P Co '..".;!. !!!!i.i!!!".!"-M --
$6000 Los Anifles Ry 5s ".:..". .7.. r. ""'iftA -ii
: 3f» Mcrket ¦ Street Railway ......V. eo 7{
11000 Oceanic S SCo.......: ' "107 •>-
110 Paauhau. RP Co..:.; .....""" art yJ "
50 Paauhau S P Co. cash...........!"" 30 "^
- 100 Poauhau S P Co.-.;... ¦ ¦ ¦>" 3,) S-i.
;.55 S F Gas & Electric Co.. '.!'.".'.'.'.'.! 4S.23
STOCK; AKt)' BOND . EXCHANGE.
./. ¦, I . — '¦ — '¦ . . ..'.¦:"'--.¦ ':.''-'..'¦ ¦¦¦ ' ¦'¦'?.'¦'. ¦*:
< .There was no change worthy -of- ncite-. in local
securities' on. the morning sessjonv.. business be- :
Ins light. ¦'• There was. "an advahcfe-in Giant
•Powder to' JB4 Z5 In the af ternoon. ' ¦' "." : ¦ •• • '•.
• Home- Oil- was weak .at" lower.itiuptatlons.- / ¦
•' . 'l'acLfic Coast- Borax Is . npw-.paylhg.-'a-: dlvl
•denra.-Of. Jl. : - : : ' -. ¦;':' ¦'¦".':¦.¦ ¦'.-¦ ••• :.:> .¦";¦. -. ' '.• -.
¦¦'.The •¦Standard. 'Co.n.VMlning;Coihiia.riyhas do
.cl'arcd -a dividend' of .10 cehts.''. ¦*":.• ; ': .¦¦ ¦'. ¦ '•• V ' •
THE STOCK MARKET;
OEN^A— Arrived April 30— Stmr Werra, from
New T'rV. v!h Nsdl*«.
STDVEY. NSW— Arrived April 3»-Strar War
rimoo. from Vancouver.
NAPLES?— SaiIed April 27— Stmr Emi, for
New York •»
MCVILLE-SaPed April S»-Stmr ParJiUn.
fr"r- ' Llverrwioi. for Montreal. -
CIiERnOKRO— Arrived April a>-Stmr Maine,
fro* Brea.cn. for New York-
OCEAN* STEAMERS.
PORTS.
•FALMOUTII — Arrived April 29— Br baric
Metropolis, thence Jan 12. and sailed for Bris
tol.
MAZATL.AX— SaiIed April 27— Stmr Acapuleo.
for San Francisco.
CAFE TOWN— Sailed Drlor to April 30— Bark
Harvester, for Newcastle. XS"W.
SYDNET— Arrived Aorll tt-Br atmr Victor
ious, hence Feb »5.
N*AOAFAKI-P«lled A^rtl 23— Br «tmr Vic
toria, fcr Sun Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW TORK-Salled April 2S— Ship Aryan, for
San Francisco. - vJHKSMIM
CRESCENT CITY-Satled April 23. at 4 p m
— Stmr Al->i:a. far San Francisco.
n WDON, Or— Arrived April 30— Schr Con
flan'za. hence April 13; schr Joseph and Henry.
Arrived April 23— Stmr Jeanle.
hence April 22: *tmr Aberdeen, hence April 24:
strrr Rosalie, from Skaruay.
PORT RLAKELEY-Sailed April 2»-Schr
Veea. for Cap* Nome; schr Wawona. for New
pert • «ehr Ecllp***. for — .
TACOM A— Sailed April 30— Bktn Monitor, for
- EintEKA— ArxlVed April 23— Schr Ida McKay,
from San Pedro; stmr Del Norte. hence April
2S bOWENS LANDING-Arrlved April 3!>-Schr
Marr Ktta. hence April 23.
PORT HADLOCK- Sailed April 30— Schr San
Buenaventura, for Cape Nome; Nor stmr Elds
vold. for New Whatcom.
COOS RAY— Sailed April 30— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived April SO— Stmr Columbia,
hence April 28.
rORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 3fV-Oer
ship Pru. from Shaaifhal; Br bark Illshlands.
from Honoluhi. «nvl proceeded to Port Blake
l»v at 1 p m: Nor *tmr Eldavotd. proceeded to
j,>w Whatcom at J:SO zl m.
SAN PI EGO— Salted Aprlf 30— Ger stmr Octa
vla fnr Pan Frn:ici»co. , .
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 30— Stmr Despatch.
for San Ftanclwa.MHMNlMtaßt
DOMKSTIC
POIXT LOPO3. April 30. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind rourh. velocity 8 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
LONDON. April M— Br »tmr Strathgyle. from
San Viezo at Kobe, caught fire, but It wu
extinguished. Vessel's damage sllsbt, but th«
cargo suffered considerably.
Br Bttnr Aberseldie. previously reported
ashore at Kobe, got off without assistance un
damaced and proceeded.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAILED.
,-.;¦_. Monday. April »
Stmr Portland, Lundqulst. Unalaaka.
Strar Suncl. Green. .
Stmr AVestoort. Krlcsson. . ..
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyr*. ChemaimiB.
Br stmr Westminster. Petrle. Manila.
1 Bark B P Cheney.'Johnson. Bristol Bay.
Bark Merom. Petersen. Karluk.
Fr- bark Grande Duchesse Olsa. ilahc^
Queenstown. • :'.
Bktn Willie R Hume. Pederson. Bristol Bay.
Schr North Bend. Palmnren. Grays Harbor.
. Sehr Louise J Kenny. Everson. whaling and
Cape Ncme.
Siohr Besrle K, Nielsen. Cape Nome.
.-¦.;¦;¦¦ • • ¦ .;. "¦¦•¦ Monday. Anrtl SO.
;.'Stmr Cleveland. Kllt&aard. 43 day* from
Kihel. via Hllo HV4 days.
Stmr A'ex Duncan. NoDander. 15 hour* from
Moss Landinr-- ¦ • -*•/'.
Stmr State of California. Gagre. 87 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 434 hours.
Schr Newrak, Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
N'ar stmr Tltanla. Gulllcks<3n. SJ hours from
Xanalmo. . 11 .
Stmr Sunol. Green. 43 hours from San Pedro.
Schr Mary C Campbell. 9 hours from Bodega.
Stmr Portland. Lindqulat. Unalaska; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Westminster. Petrie. Manila and,
Honolulu; V S Government.
. Bark B P Cheney, Johnson. Bristol Bay; Nak.
nek Packing Co.
Bktn Willie R Hume. Pedersen. Bristol Bay:
CE Whitney & Co. --¦•'i m , „ „
Schr Antelore. Asplund. Cape Nome: G V
Hume.'
ARRIVED.
¦¦.:.¦¦.. ¦• •: ... FOR MON'DAT; -Aprti SO. : ; . ; V •
Flour, qr Bks :.., :. 13, 62S. Lime, btls /.:.;... -364
Wheat., ctls . '¦':. :.'..:¦ 4.0001 Susarv.bbls .V...:; 172
¦Harfey, ctls ....... .15.S 1 "! :££»;*, dozen ¦;'.'.... .24,300
"Ojits. ctls ;'..;..::..-- 670:.SuKar..ska: ; .; i ;.^:-. -SCO
'.Cort. ¦ctls.-.-...^.'....-..-'7.60,Hiulck8Hvfr/ HasKs ; 212
Kyev- ctl«- ..i.. ; ;..V, . eop'.ijrarrclyv. gallons ¦...: 5,ono ;
Tail!? w;:, ctls: :..... ... ' 112] Leather., roils ! .:,;v 69
Butter; ctls....^:.. 601 ' Htdes,-No...;..".'. i ; 101
Cheleso, ctls ..:.;.L. * 42;PeJu/.Ml»}...:."."vV-.; .So.
" \Vool, ¦ tales' . «..".',' .'i ':,. .ra '. Beans; -sks ¦ '...'. .:;¦.¦ 1.0*6
Hay.tons ;>,Vv.:;;.- ."Mi Potatoes; sks. ../..:1.40o
Straw; -tons' .¦:.'. . : ..\ ./alOnldns," sks...i. : .:.'.:- --W)
¦Wlrie;- gallons ¦'...¦.53.100! -•••;.: .¦¦¦.¦¦;¦.•...• ¦¦.-•¦¦.
: ,:" ; ;.-' ¦¦; .-..¦¦Oregon-.-.-.:"/ "¦.¦--¦•¦•¦•''¦ •/•;/.¦; -
Flour; qr sks \...;;i2.994 Bran. .sTcs,'..-.v..'.:.'i* •4,43fr'
Potatoes, sks .!'.-..•• 4,67X Shorts, .sks. /. ¦.;„•;. il,2C0-
: Rcccipti^pp.fQdpce.
Shipping Intelligence.
COLUMBIA RIVER. CHANNEL OVER
"WALKERS ISLAND BAR TO
MARTIN ISLAND.
Notice Is hereby given that on April 13
Hunters Shoal buoy No. 0. a red. first-class
spar, was established In twenty feet of water,
as a guide In the newly dredged channel over
Walker Island bar. Ahles Point post light
NE.. Hunters Point post light W. % N.. Sand7
Island <E. tangent) NNW. H W.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Parine Coast. 1900, pag* 57.
By order of the Lighthouse
Commander. V. S. N.. Inspector Thirteenth.
. ' Lighthouse District.
Notice to Mariners.
SUGAR— The Western RuKar Refining. Com
pany, quotes • per lb in 100-lb bags: . Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.SOc; Powdered;
5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.10 c;. Dry Granu
lated;' be; Confectioners'.- .-A,--' sc; -.. Magnolia •A,
4.60 c; Extra C. 4. 5 Cc; Golden C;. 4.40 c; barrels.
10c- mare;. -halt-barrels, ¦ 25c .'. more ; boxes. 50c
more; 50-lb basH,.- 10c more.- :;Xo orders .taiven
for- ieisa- than "iib&rrfls'orJtsVfqulva'lent.' Dom
inoes/ half-barrels," 0.75 c ;-baxes,-.. 6c per :Ib. -V. :
.' CO>ALrT-"*\>llington, J8 per ton: new Welllne
ton; ;sB:..Sbuthfleld Wellington. ,J7 60; Seattle,
$6 50; '.Bryant;- t$ 50: Coos.Biy, $5; Wallsend. $S;
Co-operative- Wallsend; |S; Cumberland, ili In
bulk and 513"25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Kso.' '•¦ tU-i :"Cannel. 11l per ton;. Coke, $13
per ton In bulk vanri ¦ *IT , in sacks: Castle Csata
and H<vk ¦ P-'Hnr'". t* « P^r 2"00 lh«. . - -
BAGS^San Queattn • Bays, $5 65;, Calcutta
Grala Baes. 6U©6Hc; Wool Bass. 25%®32%e;
Fleece.Twine. 7Hc ..••.•..;• , - . ¦
General- Merchandise.
¦ The trade In wheat was .quiet, and consisted
mostly in exchanging May' for- July at a spreud
of. .-l%c. .As a result -May was relatively
weaker, than July, the latter 'closing with an
appearance of 'steadiness,:. .'.Traders generally
were inclined : to play over the holiday to
morrow, .a fact which contributed rhuch.tp the
quietude of- the session... Cables were weak a;nd
the., weather . fa vorable,'-'- but ' as'- an offset to
these Influencis- was the visible decrease- of
2,342,000- bushels, larger .than- had been antici
pated. -The- decrease and the strength/of corn
caused', a rally ..folio wintfV.-the- early easiness*,
but' It was' lost.' May', closed U®%c .under -year
terd?y."- July closed'*»c down at Wic.'
Liquidation of May was : the feature in.- oats'
and the discount'.. between that:- option ;arid July
during ' the', day ¦¦' \yldened .^ to . ?ic. •!. The • market
was aull and eapy all; day.- The; flne. weather
as much .as- anythihK.' was -. the factor. ; May
closed .^;C. low^r." .July .closed "a shade.. lower: ;
The provision', market; under thev-injluence. of
a' -v-eak'/ hog market.' was 'quie.t and-', easy all
day; -but- . fairly •¦>tteady:.-;The featwrs'. was
chancing.* • There :was • a • nioderit^ amount . <»f
liquidation^ thrp-igh- -.cotriinissloh .house's.; : ;JuJy
jjork' closed- 17>jc : lower:' July! lard,- lUc- -lower,
anil/ July ribs 2^5J5c rdo\yn. .'¦" .' '¦..';.••'. '...
¦ Tl;e- leadinc- futures rar.ged as followa: .".••.
• Caslr' Quotations! -.-were ...as., ¦foIlou-&: •T'loiirY
pt^ady : ;-XQ~ J. spi-inB.-wheat;:Cl^:' >T-d.; 2 rp<i;7Cr
ft'OV'C.:' No.; 2:c6rn,-"-3n",i}f 40c ; • No. ' 2 o'a t j, JBMjTr
I4',4c: N'Oi ¦2.whHe,'£6'.'i'ii27 1 sc;,N'o.-3 white, 2.V,i
Xo. ¦.?'• barley. 42"?j«i4c; No;. 1 naxseej.
!1 73*ir 76: 'prime ttmcthy F«?eflv J233; mess- pork,
r*r barrel.. J114-W12 r.O;- lard, Ji'er 100- pounds,
t'iil 10; short rfbs sides (Iooxe). J5 SOT7 05; dry
raited shoulders "tboxedi. 6%«I7i*: short clear
fides fboxedv;-; S7 Wdl 55; whisky: distillers'
flni?he<V goods, per Ballon, $1 2i',i. .Sugars-^Cut
loaf, 6c; • granulated, 6.44c. . . ¦ : .*¦. •'.....
*,;.'.¦,..;.- '.V' '¦¦.'-¦'¦.."-/ ¦ ¦¦¦: .'¦,. ¦:¦ .'. — "'¦ -.: '¦¦'¦':¦.¦¦s¦¦¦
i'ClM'CAGO.'vAprli- 30i-^-Corn' opened, .firm. frac.-.
t tonally;- over Saturday's ..close. Cables \\vexe
strong and .cduntry^.pfferlrigs srrialt. '.•¦. There was
«.;. fair 'though, rather.^ scattereij : ;deitland.' and
hp ..partrcular ¦¦/Belling •; pressure. '-, There vu
some - liquidation p Of : .', May with -.purchases fit
July in :«xcjiange:at ~lV4®lUc. difference.' . Dui'.-',
ing. the '& spurt of liberal offerings f rpnv
an lnfj jentlat : .' trader caused ' a " dip,;- but,. :thliJ
was recovered. ¦¦ helj>ed by the" visible .decrease!
of-'2;iO€,OOQ bushela.-.' May' closed :^i<3Mc .'up- -at.
40c,'. Julj':<:losed Uc higher- at lie; ; '¦. "¦¦ .'.¦¦¦_•..
I PORK— Live Hors. b%<3S%c for email and
medium "and 5V4®5%c for la r*e; stock Hogs and
•feeders. 5%@5V4c; dreesed Hogs, ¦ 7©SVic. •• : ;
t MUTTON— Wethere. 737}Jc:: ewes, 6%37c p«r
Xb'.' '""*¦' ' • ' '" • ' : ¦' . .-• ¦ •. : ' '.'¦¦¦¦ '. ¦'..
, LAMB-^-SprlnK. B®9o per Ib. .. ¦ - . : - '• -
BEEF— €<g'7c- per lb for. fair to choice.
VEAI>-«%©9c per.lb.' 7 j • : : ..- ;
Son Francisco Meat) Market.
TO SAIU
L. Brown, M. Brown and 0 ' B. Sheldeman
(owner*") with XV. 11. Wilton (contractors),
archftects SalfeM ft Kohlberß— House ralalnff.
excavation.' brick and carpenter work for »l
terations to n two-?toxy frame butUllnfr. on SE
corr^r of, Polk street and Myrtle avenue, S 21
by X 73: $1800. = V--, = .
Richard Flaherty (owner) with Stephen It.
Doyle (contractor), architects McDougall Bros.
—All work except asphaltum roofing anrl plumb-
Injs for alterations and additions to three frame
cottaßes, on S line of -McAllister street, 110 E
of Polk. X 53 by S 120; $3894. .
Max Neumann (owner) with Martin CarrJck
(contractor), architects Bro. Adrian and Mar
tens & Cnffey— Lathing and plastering: for
church bulldintr. on. S line of Golden Gate nve
nue 137:6 W of Jones street. S 157:S by W 192:8;
nsco.
Builders' Contracts,
Alexander Martin to Mrs, Charles W. Bolles
(formerly Emily H. Ehmann); lot on XE line or
Kast Twentieth street. 350 W of Twenty-fourth
avenue. W 50 by X .150, quitclaim deed. East
Onklnnd: $10. ,• • ¦ '• i* ; .?v'_ '? „* ..
Evodle J. O. Boettger (wife of C. \. S.) to
Theo C W. Petersen. lot W. block li, Daley s
Scenic Park Tract. Berkeley: $10. ."
Catherine. William. T.. John J. and Georse
H Sesnon lo Mary Austin, all interest In lot
on XE corner of Pacific avenue and Bay street.
N "CO E 125 S ICO. W 30, S ICO. W to beßtnnlnK.
Alameda: also property In San Francisco: Rift.
Edward L. or Ed L.. and Milllcent Harbert
to Ilenolt Ba«cou. lot S. Shirk Tract, city of San
Lenndro. Eden Township: grant.
Mary Ives . Crocker and Kate M. Dillon to
James Gallasher. section 29 In townshlo I S.
n ip containing 640 acres, reserving right of
way C P. R. H. Co. through SW corner of
saUl section, being In Aiam^da and San Joa
quln counties. Murray Township: $10.
B Wolf to- XieU C. Lorenzen, lot on X line
of Fourth street "> W of Jefferson. W 23 by X
ICO betnK lot 23, blcck AS. Oakland: $700.
W C. Parsons to WHlanl C. D>>ane. undivided
half Interest In lot on E line of Webster street.
131 S of First. S to X harbor line of Oaklaiv.l
harbor. E to Its Intersection with a line paral
lel and' ICO E from E line of Webster str«et. N*
to a point, IS3:S S from X line of Flm street.
XW In a straight line to a point, which Is 13
B from E lino of Webster street and 131 S at
right angles from X line or Flrsi street, thence
W 25 to befclnnlnK. Oakland: $10. .
Alameda County.
. Almlra T.. D., John D.. Franklin P., Howard
G. and Jennie D. Sherwood to William John,
lot on SW' corner of Ellis and Gouch streets,
WZS:by S 30: $10.
.: Estate of Charles M. .Chase (by Kate and
Henry A. Chase, executors) and Kate Chase to
Douglas XV. Montgomery, lot on S line of Cali
fornia street, 171:104 W of Fillmore, \V 34:4^
by S 137:6: $4«0.
Frank J. Devlin to Charles and Cora C. Per
kins, lot on S line of Hayes street. 153:3 W of
Ivnt, \V 25 by S 137:6;. $10.
¦ Wallace and Acnes Bradford to Frank J.
Devlin, lot on S line of Washington street, 137:6
E of Locust, E 3S:9 by S 127:SVi; $10.
I-ariKo Investment Company (a corporation)
to H. Peterson, lot on S line of Carl street.
223:4 E of Stanyan, E 0:4 by 3 100; $1.
H. and Christine Peterson to Lange Invest
ment Comi'.iny (a corporation),' lot on S line
of Carl street, 279:4 E of Stanyan, E 0:1 by S
loo: ii.
Estate of Emily J. Fulton (by Phtlo Mills,
.executor) tp R. 11. Barry, lot on E line of
¦ Guerrero street, 90 X of Twenty-second, X 24
by E 105; $3230. ¦ •
- John It. and Robert R. Fulton to same, same;
J10. • ¦ . ¦¦-¦••¦ • .
Charles D. Farquharson to Sebastian Merkel.
lot on S line of Liberty street. 155 E of San
chez, E SO by S 114; JU79.
Charles Camden to Wlnnlfred Fennell (Chap
pie, wife of William), lot on E line, of Fair
Oaks street, 135 X of Twenty-sixth. X £0 by E
123; Jl. ¦
James S. Hill to Meta Elliot, rerecord of 1330
d £6. lot on XV line of Dolores street, "1 X
of Clipper, N 34 by W 161:9: $10. ¦
Timothy Regan to Giovanni and Angelo Ros
celll, let on SW corner of Francisco and Belle
Air place, being 122:6 E of Stockton street. W
45 by S 122:6; $10. ¦•¦ ; •
Elizabeth McMahon to Agnes McMahon, lot
on SW corner of Hroadway and Salmon street,
W 20 by S 57:6; dft.
John Rodgers to Thomas H. Hasklns. lot
on S line of Greenwich street, HO XV of Taylor,
XV 30 by S 70; $10..
Charles H.- Fehnemann to L. Chleltnettl. lot
on S line of Green street, SI E of Larkln. E
0:« by S 35; $5J . ."-. : :.¦ .. ; •• : . . ¦ : :
: B: Fehnemann 'to same, lot on SE corner of
' Green' arid I,arkin streets- E S2:6 by S 35: $3600.
¦ ; Same- to- - WV. H. Melson. lot ¦ on E line of
Larkln street, 63 8 of Green. S 23 by E S2:6; $5.
.' Gi LV'BIarkwell to .George' J. Strong.' lot' ont
~E .lt.tlR 'of avenue. • 75 X. of. Clement;
X 25-by '.E : :j20; $10: •: . - ¦ --'•,. ::': ¦¦ •¦ ,• • i : •.-..
'.-. CharleVE. "Smith to:' Frarizlska Barta. lot on
E. line- of : Forty-seventh avenue, . 225 ¦ S i of I
street;'.? 23 by.-: E 120r $75. '-:• ¦.-.'.¦¦' '. .-.•..
- Franzlska and. Charles J. Barta- to Abble J+.
¦Patriarche (wife, of: C. -T.).. same;; $300. ..• ...V: .
•• E.-H. ahd'Mafy. Green. Cowing to GUstave
•Gunzendorfer; let on. X corner '..of . India and
Edinburgh streets, XE liO by. XW 100. block
33. Excelsior Homestead; $10. :•.,.•:.
: - Gustavo and. . Minnie J., Gunzendorfer. .. to
Therese' Lewlp,.' same;. $10. 1'-.-.,- ..'. ".-'.' •:' ¦" " ; ¦¦'. .
Jacob and Llna H?ytnan tp Ira-! E. . McGahan.
lot.-on-W line of Idaho. street^ 25. S of Pow
hattarti'S-25 by TV" ICO, block 3, Barman's Map;
$10, : :-. :'¦. :¦ '¦'¦" ¦ •-.- :: .' " ¦- ' . ¦ ¦' ¦¦ : •
• ; T.-'B. arid -Annie E. Draper to Henry Sehune
rr.arm. lot oh S line of Precita avenue, 230 XV
of York. W 20 by. S 130. lot 223. Preclta A'alley
lands; $10. . ¦ : . .'. ¦• '. .: ." • .' .' ¦ •' ':'¦ .
John W; and Martha DolUver to Henry F.
Blanchet Jr.. lot on XV line cf Wheat street.
E0 S of Paul, S 100 by. W 100; block 6, Garden
Tract Homestead: also lot ¦ on SE . corner of,
Paul and Wheat, S SO by E 100; block S. Garden
'¦; Danies and Anna Massorgibe (by H. M. Cov
ert, commissioner) to Annie Finn, lot on XW
corner of -Courtland and Buena Vista avenues.
X 51:4 by W 35, lots 301 and 303, Cobb Tract;
$2700' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ "•
Dames Massonabe (or Masonabe) to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10. . ','¦•.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
¦ •Xcw 7 : Hay '•'has. appeared.- Two cars- df volun
teer; "wild. .oaf,: from 1 Midway. ' Aiameda. County..
ft yrtyed. : :knd-:w : ere;Kld\in; a^.."s6 50.per-.ton.. \liz-.
Ct!pt!<- p'fr Hay'were/I.argp:-. ' ¦•¦¦;• .. ' ' ¦'.-.:
:r,-,-ilstufi? ;shrt>v<-.i n>> -change. ¦ . '¦ :• ¦ ¦ '
' ItHAN— II24JI3 P«r .ton. ..:. •" ¦..¦-.¦¦; . .:\ ./.:.;.
Mil)t>LlN<-iS-?iT(g2i) per ton.. .:;•..'
FKIvDSTUFFS— KoIIed. Barley. $15017 : . per
toh; -Oilcake Meal at the mil.. 126g27; Jobbing,
J-»7 504i2!!;'C6coanut'..rake. W821: Corn Meal.
J23- dracke<l Corn.. $25 60; Mixed Feed. Jli 50;
Cottonseed >leal, ; . nominal. . Lv " .'.¦.¦ „•
• HAY^Wheat; $7^9 for -common to Bpcd;.J3 50
for 'choice *nd occasionally $10: Wheat^and Oat,
li DCy.9; .GaU »iigS; ; . Barley.;, *sB7;. Alfalfa. <6©
J£o tier ton. .-. ¦'•'. -•--.' : . -• • ". ..! ' . '••..¦'¦ . ; ¦'• .
. •' BTlt AW-^2J©3sc per -.bale. -?•;.•. :\ ¦¦¦ •'••- "i;;.-.
Ha V Feeds tuffs.
: FLOUR— Calif orn? a family extras. JJ 6003 75,
usuat terms: bakers" extras, $3 400350; Oreeon
and Washington. V 25® 3 per. barrel;- ' /... -;. :..
' MILLSTUI-'FS^-Prlees ' In sacks are • as{ :fol*
lows ¦•'usual discount; to: the.. : trade:.- Qraharh'
Fiqu'r. 52 75 per; ,loo Aba; Rye Flour. J2.75;. Rye
Meal,' $2 50;' Rice' Flour.' $7; Corn ; Meal, ' $2.50;:
Bkt- Groats, |4 50; Hominy,- $3 25513 50; Buck-,
wheat . Flcur. JJ^ 25; : Cracked Wheat; |3 «.
p-arina M 50; Whole ¦ Wheat Flour, }3; Üblled
Oats (trarrelsy. $6417 55;. In rackfl, $5 75ijj7; Hear!
Barley, J5; Split lVa?;: $5; .Qreen Peas, %i 50 >er.
ico.iba.;\:. : . .; -v.^/.'.. . v: : " :v ' : ' : -;:..-- ; -' .. ,y •.'.
Flour -and -Mills-tuffs.
'"¦'•-. '•:'¦ V\ .;¦ CALL- no ARD SALES.- v.'?!--.;:- >¦-.'
• Informal Session— 9:ls Vctoek-^-IJeceriiber— 200Q
ctls; 7V l ,ic '.c: --:-: -v: '¦•'"•:•¦»•..¦•;/ ; •;••. - u .v- ¦•¦•i'.'V.^;
• Second S?esslon^-^o ealesi' ;•.•.: ¦;•; .'• ' "• ¦ ••'.•¦•
• ' Regutair-.'Mornlhg: Sesslorj-^pecember^CWWctls,;
-Afternoon.. Session-^b'ecembet^- 2QCO ctl»i : -isi&c.
•¦Q ATS— Trade was ¦.v«rj'./flull. yesterday at /un
changed quotations. .:¦;¦¦ ??':.":¦'.'*:¦ '.?.'.' ',-,• : ' ¦¦¦•'
• whit*, ji lo^x 30: n^d^n-gi :q: Gra>vsi mi®
1 15: Black. 11^107^. ;. : : •¦,' -¦¦;. •; • • :, •¦:.;•¦•,.•
COUN-^-Easterri AVhlte Is. quoted at ¦ Jl@l 10
per ctl No other descriptions. ln. market./ ¦¦>¦
: ¦ KYE-65<&«He P*r --.ctl.-..-.-) ¦¦¦•¦=¦•: -%;•; f.*.;.: : -.V,V '¦
. DUCKWHEaT— NomInaJ; :; ••; . . '..
Informal f=««<rton— 9:ls ¦, o'elocX-^December*-
ro.coo ctis. $1 (ay;.-- ¦¦¦¦ -•-. - v ' ¦•.•.¦•"• ,v : :- ••¦•.¦. ;. •-•
Second Session— December^-6000;. ctisy $1 03»4';
SfOO. Jl C 3; May-^OOOO. SZ\bc: ..'Y-'. jv>-_ ':.'; ' '
: Regular .. Morning ' ¦¦ Session— December— 2ooo
ctls.-»l C3:-'BOOO, U 03U; 18.000, JVO3H; May—
SOCO •'Me: 6000. 93Hc; 6000, 93'ic: 4000.934 c.
"Afternoon Session— Hay— looo ctU. 93Hc; 22,
000 93^4c: December— Sooo, |1 C3V4. ¦ : . .
I BAHJL.EY— The . General Roberts . . takes for
Cork 63.925 ctls, valued at $67,218. ;<; ¦'¦ :
The market U- quiet, ;wlth. a. decline, in . fu-.
tures. • .•,"•¦.' v. : .- -• r\- ¦¦¦/.' ::¦'.:'.¦ ¦•¦¦
Fe«d -75©77Uc for No.- I .and. 70C72HC for oft
grades; Brewing: *rid, Shipping, grades, 80®S7Hc;
¦ChevaJi«r, nominal.' '-.' ¦•-.'••¦'•/•. '-.'"¦ .•¦;>• •¦
CALL . JJOAnt> SAL,ES.
¦..WHEAT— Paris ."was lower/. 'opened
. woaU',- but. quickly turned" firm -under llkat Qf»
Itp'iigi .and .a . decrease; 'iti'. 2,-415,000 -..jaush'ls • In ;
tlie' American visible.' sup'plyi: '.The weather, was
favorable and. the news colorltJis: . -•..:.¦•¦'-"¦ -'"M •
"¦,. The local market was' dull,; wlXK.; a! decline In
futurtt*-- •' '-¦¦:.:'¦:••¦ ¦-.;" ' v •¦:.,=;'• "•:¦•-¦;. -..";:•.. : ¦'. •
i ' ypot ¦• ¦ Wheat— Shipping; V '" ¦9a®S6\ii::: ; ' mtlllns,
?7^c&n. ••:•¦¦ -;•- =;---C' Vj .-:«-- ; .-VV7::i-V.^-.- :
Wheat and Other-Grains,
¦ The Giant Powder Company has declared a
dividend of 75 cents per share.
Sterling -Exchange, 'sixty 'days.'. Y-' ' ; ' %i 85%
SterllriK Exchange* sight >\i..y. : .y '•.—',¦.: "' '¦¦*
Sterling Cab1e5.... .'..:.. .-.lj-p.-.i^ii ,— . "; ' 490
New. York Exchange. slfrht.V.v.'.V-.T^-. •/.. •. 17^3
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — : :.'. 20
Flne.Sll%-er.- per ounce.'. :;.i.,".Vi';' —..:''.-.. .. 19M
Mexican -Dollars.. ./.•.:•.;...;.¦.;.•;.. fSH.v \ *> :
Exchange 'a rid Bullion.
Hides are dull and weak and stocks are cc
cumulatlng. Prices show.-. a weakening, tend
ency. The Eastern markets are In poof .shape
and the local tanners are not buying.-. •:.•". .•'.¦•..-/
HIDES AND sKINS-Culls ana prands • w!l
about If itnde- ou'«tr>tlorm. Heavy Salt—l ««»<t»..
10c* medium. flc; light, 9c: Cowhides. 9c; Stacs.
7c: Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. : 10c; ..Dry. Hides,
sound • ISc: culls and. .brands. ;... 15c: : . •l>ry
Kip and Veal. 16@17c; \Dr>\. Call. IDJiZOc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c. each;...- short.
Wool 3o(gt)oc each; medium. 7u®9Oc; long Wool,':
Slfil 25 each; Horse Hides. $2 25«?3 for- large
and Jl 25(1zl 75 for small; Colts, 25S'50c. : Deer
Skins— Summer or red eklns, 40c; fall or medi
um skins. 3oc: winter or thin skins,. 2oc,. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and BinooUi,
50c: medium.' 25c. -•¦'¦:. ''¦•;"*-• •' vv . ', • •".-•-;;:
. TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, C®s^4cper lb; No.:
2' 4»4>*c: refined. 6Hc: grease. 2%i93c. ¦.•.'.
1 "W'OOLr— Spring clip Is quotable &» follows:
Northern free, 16@18c; Northern defective. 13ft.
16c- Middle County, free. 15®17c: Middle.
County defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain;
12 months". 12®Hc: do. free. 7 months'. 12@UJc;
do defective.. 7 months', 10®12c- r Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20^'23c; Nevada, 16<ffl8c per lb. . •. .
HOPS— 6S9c. per lb.'. • .•¦•..¦.•.¦-••-
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
TO ARRIVE.
the ..'absence ¦of "sellers., th*- undertone -was about
stead jr;:.;a.t •;¦ fully:; .sustained ' prices. • 'California
dried fruits, werf Quiet :and .steadyiat .unchanged
• STATE ' jiVAPOnATED Cbjnrnon,
AVzSthc; r.prlme. •s^J@6c;.^ ichoice/- 7@7J4c.;' fancy,
TMi^Scv.:-.:'. :¦:¦¦¦ .¦•¦::.'•":.¦,.;:.. v:.'-fx- ; •" '¦•'• ¦ •.-;'.¦•¦.".
-CALIFORNIA DRIEO PRUNES— oK®Ic. .
.' APRICOTS-i-Rpyal, : 13®l»c; Moorpark, 15@lSc.
• VPiiACHESr-Peeled/.lSlgl'c; unpeeled, 7HO9c.
¦...'.BuslfieVs: wad ¦¦'¦. fairly : : actlve.. In ¦ the.m arket '.for
PVapoTated'-applfs.: -.¦ Advices from the c.ountry
were finore . favorable lhan -antfclr>ated ..and ,ln
DRIED. FRUITS
looked for. '.The .- market closed' steady with
prices net-.unchaned to 5 points higher. -' Total'
5a1e5.3750. bass,, including: May, $7 65; August.
?6 9(1; September. J6 90; .October, $7 25@7 30, :
¦.Rt'GAKf- Haw,., steady: fair refining. .3 15-16 c;
inoht.rifUKal.- 96 ..te5t,.:- '4 7-16e; .-'molasses sugar,
3\c,- iJeflned,- quiet. ¦¦'•".•¦ • ,•¦'¦:'.•¦/ ¦: : -- ..'¦:;¦
.. BPTTKR-^Recelpt&i . .$553 : packasres. . Firm;
Western '.iT^ameryv 15 l 4'!j'19cr' factorj'; : 13©I41i'c.
EGGS — Receipts,: V 12.102 ¦ packages. ¦. Flrmr
Western, 12%513c; v regular packing, • 11%®12Hc>
NEW' YORK, April 30— FLOUR— Receipts.
16, €20; exports, 97,246; market quiet, ; but fairly
steady and unchanged.
' WHEAT— Receipts, ITS. 400 bushels; exports,
<0,C€9 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 7S%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 73Vic t. o. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions were- Kenerally firm all day on strength
for the local cash situation, big visible supply
decrease and crop damage news from the West.
This served to offset cables which were bearish,
but the market finally yielded to realizing: and
closed easy at lUc net ilecllne. May "2%<Q"3^c,
closed 72%e; July 73 2-16@73Hc, closed 73kc;
September 74Vi@74c, closed 74c. ;>,.
HOPH— Quiet. ' . ¦ . •.
•¦ : HIDES— Steady. , ' • ... . ...:"•. .
WOOL— Dull. • " , ¦
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No. 7 invoice,- 7%c.
Mild— Market quiet; Cordova. 9ViG?13V2C. Futures
' — C^ix-ned steady at unchanged prices to , five
points advance and ruled exceptionally- tame,
with only/local trading and scarcely anyJur
ther variation:. ...There was a steadier .under
tone, ' however! on the average" of cables than-
¦••¦ MONDAY. April 30—4 p. m.
Alpha .;..-. :C3 04 Kentuck — 01
Alta .04 06 Justice C 2 03
Andes 08 10 Lady Washgton — 05
Belcher 12 14 Mexican 23 29
Best & Belcher. 20 21 Occidental C 8 10
Bullion 02 03!Ophlr E8 .59
Caledonia 135 1 45! Overman 19 20
Chollar ;... 23 23 Totost 24 25
Challenge Con.. 15 HjSavage 06 07
Confidence SO JSoiScorplon 02
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 60 <-Seg Belcher .... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — . 01 1 Sierra Nevada.. 33 41
Con New York. — 04 ' Silver Hill 15 IS
Crown Point.... 12 u'st Louis — 12
Eureka Con .... — MlStandard —4 00
Exchequer ¦;¦...'. — 03|s?yndlcate ...... OS —
Gould & Curry.. 23 "24 Union Con 21 23
Hale & Norc... 31 33jUtah W 11
Julia .......„..— 03* Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
The market continues dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Uacori, lie per lb lor tira.vy,
lie tor light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and UMc for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hanw. ltH©Wc; Mees Beef. JIJ p*r
bbl- extra Mes«. $13: Family. 114 : extra Prlm«
Pork $14 50015; extra clear. - $13;. Mesa. $16 »0;
Smoked Beef. 12%@lSc per lb.
¦ LARD— Tierce* quoted at 7©Sc per lb for
compound and B%©9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure »Uc; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. IOHc :¦,.
COTTOLEN IS— Tierces, BH©S%c per lb; half
barrels. B%6ST»c: 10-lb tin*. 9Vic. =,•: ,-:: v
Provision.
WASHINGTON*
TACOMA. "April 3ft.— Wheat unchanged; Club,
E3c: Bluestem, S6c. * : •¦;• ¦ . ;.:¦¦':• •" • .
OREGON*. ¦ . '
' PORTLAND, April 30.— Local -wheat ' quota
tions are nominal at about J3fl34c for . Walla
Walla and 53c for Valley, with Bluestem In lim
ited demand at 55@56c. ¦ • : : ." •"
Cleared, ship Xajada for Queenstown with
110,300 bushels wheat. . ' .
Northern Wheat Market.
Steamer Movements.
Portland's Business.
\ PORTLAND. April SO.-rPearings, $313,639;
balances. , $28,707. ¦'..". '?.''!¦¦'..
\New York Grain and Produce.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 30,— To-day*8 state
ment of . the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the J150.O0O.0O0 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cast- balance,' {H8.01S.09G; sold, {79.493.269.
LIVKItrOOL, April 30.— WHEAT— Spot, firm:
No. 1 California, Gs 4d(fi6s 4«4d;No. 1 northern
spring, 5s ll>4d. Futures, quiet; April, nominal;
May. 53 9Ud; July. ss.S%d.
COUN— Spot, firm; Arrierican mixed new.
4s 3Hd. Futures, steady; May. 4s 3%d; July,
4s l*i<l; September, 4s l%d.' • :
LONDON*, April 30.— Consols, .100%: silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 17& c: cargoes or.
passage, white easy, red quiet; cargoes No. 1
standard California. 29s S)d; cargoes . Walla
.Walla, 2Ss 3d: Kngllsh country markets/quiet;
import into . United Kinedom. wheat. 407,000;
import into United Kinedom, flour. 274,000;
wheat and flour on passatre to United King
dom, 3,440,000; wheat and flour on passage to
Continent. 1.390.C00
< LIVERPOOL, April 30.— Wheat, quiet; No.
1 .standard California. 6s 4dQ6s 4V4d; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON-Uplands, r.Vid.
. . . CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
IjOXDON'. April 30.— Canadian Pacific. 97Vi;
Northern Pacific preferred. TTfi; Grand Trunk,
S; Anaconda. 9H. t-x-divldent; Atchlson, 27%;
Union Pacific preferred, ~hi.
Bar Silver, 6teady, 2"Vid per ounce. Honey,
3?i(g4 i>er cent/
CLOSING,
o'clock, when a futile attempt was made to
Improve prices. New York came heavy and
fagged until the close. Tlntos fell 7-1S in con
sequence of the Paris settlement, and on sales
Anacondas sympathized. Call money was in
(food demand, heavy installments of West, Aus
tralian copper loans falling due. Bills were
steady, but had a slightly easier tendency. The
bank renewed some loans and did a goo 3 dis
count buslnee.". The bank bought £166.000 gold
in German coin. The exchange will be closed
to-morrow. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In tfc« left
rand column and the successive tide* of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column elves the second tide or
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Klves th>
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Riven are in addition to tf>e soundings on th<»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus altn (— ) precedes the heUht.
and then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth elven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
Bun rise* 5 ;»
Sur. sets 7:>»
Moon sets 9:54 o. m
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 3*4 c for
40-COV 3»4c f or 50-60*8, ZMc for eO-70's. 3ff!«p4c for
70-SO's. 2%<S3c for 80-9<yK and 2<4c for 90-10O*s;
Apricots. \ W 10c for Royals and 10t@lle for
Moorparks; Peaches. 4H®Sc for Standard*. 60
for choice and 8c for fancy: Peeled Peaches. 109
12Hc: Evaporated Apples. sH©6c; Sun-dried, 3®
4c per lb; Pears. 3Vift4Vic for dark and 7©Bo for
bright halves: Black Firs. 1%02c: White Figs.
2«Jc: Blenched Plums. 7%c; unbleached Plums.
6c for pitted and ttic for.unpltted. _
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson s —Fancy, per
IV 10c; cholc*. 9c: standard. 8c: P rlm «' *='• un "
bleached Thompson'i! p*r lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb.; S^c: choice. 7>*c: standard, 6Hc.
prime, sc: unbleached Sultanas. 6c; Seedje»s.
EO-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crOwn, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown. «Vie; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. Jl 60. F« nc y
Clusters. S2; Dehesa. $2 SO; Imperial W^ All
prices are f. o. b. common shipping points
In : California. * , *
KUTS — Walnuts. B®9c for standards and
SCTIOc for noftshells; Almonds. HH©l2c for
pap*r shell. 9010 c for soft and 4S5c for hard
shell. Peanuts. 6%06%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. 1 Brazil Nuts. 7V4<BBc. Filberts. 12®
12V40. Pecans. ll®l3c. Cocoanuts, i* 6C ® 5 - ,, M
HONET— Comb. 1H4012C for bright and I(H#
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7\c: llßht amber, extracted, 7V»tf7tfo; dark.
SV»ti6c per lb. • . \ '.'¦ ¦ ¦
BEESWAX-24026C per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts' and Raisins.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
500 Andes 09 3W> Hale & Xorc... 31
800 nest & Belcher. 20 200 Mexican 30
600 Challenge Con.. 15 300 Ophir 61
200 Challenge Con.. 16 600 Overman 22
6C0 C C & Va.....l 57^i 500 Overman 21
50 Con Cal & Va..l 5a 200 Potosl 25
200 Crown Point... 13 200 Sierra Nevada.. 41
300 Crown Point... 12 900 Sliver .Hill .... 13
800 Gould & Curry. 24 300 Union Con ....; 23
200 Gould & Curry. 23 500 Utah H
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher; 20. 200 Ophir W
200 Challenge Con.. 15 i 200 Silver Hill 15
500 Chollar 22! 300 Union Con 21
100 Gould & Curry. 23i ¦ . >•
Following were the sales tn the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes » C9| 300 Mexican ' 30
200 Belcher 14| ICO Mexican Ti
400 Best & Belcher. 20 .200 Oj>hlr 60
250 Caledonia 140 JOO Overman 21
\M Caledonia 1 3i 100 Potcwl 2%
200 Chollar 2? 100 Sierra Nevada.. 41
2CO Con Cal & Va..l 55 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
CCO Gould & Curry. 21
Afternoon Session.
100 Chollar 21! 2TO Savage 07
100 Gould & Curry. 23 SCO Utah 10
SCO Gould & Curry 21 1 . J . ..vr. v \>; ,
MIXING STOCKS.
Mornlnc Session. '
Board—
60 Barker Ranch 1 i:»
40 Home Oi! 4 93
100 Home Oil ......•..-.' . 4 83
100 Home OH 4 73
Street—
25 Hcme Oil '. 4 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Barker Ranch 1 15
100 Home Oil 4 75
200 Home Oil 4 63
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
, NEW YORK, 'April 30.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday. April 28. as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
„.. Bushels. Increase. D e " eas £:.
Wheat 52 471000 ••• 2,41j,000
Corn ..; 21.915 000 2.197.000
2 ata 7.9S7.CC0 SSS.000 .......
gye -.. 1.2SO.00O,. . J?' 0^
Barley 1,099.000 ";> ........ 3o.000
Visible Sttpplv of Grain.
TfESDAT. MAT 1
United Stales Coast and Geodetic .Surrey—
Tiroes and Heights of Hlsh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to s«n
Francisco Bay. Published by official au>
thorltV of the Superintendent.
XOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front <Mlsalon-<itre«t wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ts the same' at both Dtac-j'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
but was very quiet, closing dull at^ $23 6o@
28 75. Lake copper ruled dull at $17. Pig Iron
warrants were weak at |13 50. entirely nominal;
Northern No. V foundry. «21@23. Spelter, easy
at $5 Co@s 55. The brokers' price for lead Is
$4 45 and for copper $17 25.
from the river and sold at 15c per lb. They
were of the English variety.
UilClDiiOLo ritUlUs— ,
AVPLVC— 7Rr#»t? i»r>«x. •
, STRAWBERRIES— SS@6 per chest for Urge
and $7@lO for small berries. Receipts were Zsi
CHERRIES— 3<KET7Sc per box for common red
and white and =75c©$l 25 for black, aeielptx
were 412 boxes.
CITRUS- FKCITS— NnveI Orange*. « ?*g2 <»
F«r box; Seedlings. 75cSU 75; Lemons, »lwl so
for common and $2i&J 60 for irood to cno'/ti
Mexican Limes. $4©4 60; Bananas. U 2»»2 "
per bunch; Pineapples. 13 50©! per dozen.
60 Spring Valley Water ..........:. 93 50
5 Spring Valley Water 93 62%
*10CO Spring Valley 4a (2d mortg) 104 00
Street—
30 Contra Costa. Water '....... 65 00
$4000 Los Angeles Pacific It R bonds 102 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 25
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MM 1. 19UO.
LOCAL" MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
s
Silver and Exchange unchanged. •¦. ..
Wheat and Barley futures lozcer:;r<y ; • A.
Oats and Rye quiet. Corn well cleaned up.
AVrc Hay appeared: Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull; and. nominal. , r;
Potatoes and Vegetable: i in. good supply.^ . ;;
Ttio ears of Eastern Poultry offered. . . . ;:i
Xo change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs: :.':.
Fresh and Citrus Fruits about tlie same.:, .
Provisions dull and unchanged. ./.
Hides zurak and accumulating. ¦¦¦¦:'.* ';.:\'^ )(}¦}£
Meat market as before quoted:: .. ,'¦ ;-. '1":
EASTERN MARKETS.
IGhic&^yGfdiflfflarfcitiTHERE will be no lack of opportunity to spend a pleasant; Mayday to
day, for chances of entertainment will be all over the peninsula and as
varied as numerous. . From the time Glen Park opens in the morning to
let in tho flr?t of the schoolchildren until the close of the last,entertain
ment at' night there will be one continual round of pleasure for the pleasure-
Beeker who seeks diversion in varied amusements.
The police parade will start on Van Ness avenue at 2 o'clock and will
march down Market street to the tune of the. police band. The officers ;will
wear their new uniforms. . .
There will be three big picnics and any number of smaller ones. The Na
tive Sons will picnic atEl Campo, the railroad employes at Sunset Park and
the people of St. Francis' parish of this city will picnic at Shell Mound.
There wih be a Veterans' Dewey day luncheon at the Occidental Hotel,
and there will be coursing at Union Park.
The big celebration of the teachers will be a great day, full of entertain
ment and excitement, with a May, Queen to be crowned with appropriate
ceremonies and music and dancing until the day runs into darkness.
During the morning there will be a parade of school children, a drill by
the boys and girls and calisthenics under the direction of Professor George
Mlehling. Then there will be races for the children and games of various
kinds until the exercises of -the afternoon begin.
There have been prepared four programmes to last from 1 o'clock in the
afternoon until 6. They will all be given in the.theater. The first will be the
crowning of the May' Queen, Jessie Eva Swift. It will be a most elaborate
affair, participated in by a large number of children, and will be accompanied
by the time-honored dance round the May pole. .There will also be. fancy dances
by the Children of the queen's court. The second programme will include mu
sic ami 'fancy dancing. The third will be a flag drill, with music; dancing,
-club swinging and calisthenics and fancy marches. The fourth will be 1 either
.the first or second programme repeated. , ; . c /= >»°
> : The park- hni been specially decorated for" the great occasion,' and extra
arrangements have.becn. made to mak? the car service to and from the grounds
capable*in"-cvcry "way to handle the crowds that will attend. The sale of tick
ets has already shown that the crowd will be a large one, and every thingpolnts.
to a most supcessf ul celebration of the day* The committees of teachers have
been at work for several weeks on the various departments of the celebration,"
and everything will run smoothly. ,-; i; ° „ : "° s- „ ° : °°°°? W
WHAT THIS MAYDAY HAS
FOR PLEASURE SEEKERS
PIPECLAYED COPPERS WHO
RIVAL THE MIDDAY SUN
: The two drunken mothers, Mrs. Nellie
Qualts and r .Mrs. Bridget Haynes. con
victed by.' Judge , Mogan Saturday on the
charge of cruelty to children, appeared
for. sentence yesterday. The Judge se
verely-reprimanded them and sentenced
each to six months in the County Jail.
Drunken Mothers Jailed.
| The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on May 22 and 23
an examination will be held in this city
for the position of assistant Reologist in
the Keoloidcal survey. The examination
will be easy, the successful applicant be
ing required to be proficient in a few
simple branches such as English compo
sition, geology, drawing, French and Ger
man, physics, chemistry, mineralogy,
mathematics, education and experience.
In other words, the commission wants a
first-class mathematician, linguist, geolo
gist, draughtsman, mineralogist, chemist,
natural philosopher and pedagogue rolled
into one for from $75 to $100 per month
salary.
A Soft Government Snap.
Several changes in the time schedule of
the overland limited were decided upon by
the Southern Pacific officials yesterday,
the new time card to go into effect May
13. The train that used to leave at half
past 8 in the mornins will leave now at
10 and. arriving at Osfden at 12:45, will
make half an hour on the present sched
ule. The evening train that has been leav
ing at half-past 6 will leave at 6. A new
train will be put on the Fresno run be
cause of the heavy traffic on both the Owl
and Southern overlands. It will leave at
5 p. m. and will run by way of JLathrop
and Merced. The northbound Owl from
Los Angeles will leave an hour earlier and
will arrive here at 9:43 in the morning in
stead of at 10:43.
Changes in Railroad Trains.
I It is further claimed that the executors
caused the deceased to believe that Attor
ney J. A. Storke killed A. P. More, his
father-in-law, -nineteen years ago.
Contestants depose that the estate of
Miss More is worth $75,000. Under the
terms of the will John F. More will receive
$15,000 in cash, Watson $10,000 in cash, and
the residue of . the estate, after several
small bequests are made, to be divided be
tween them. /.'¦ ° '.<'¦ = " :
9 The contest will come up for a hearing
before Judpre Greene on Monday next.
It is further charged that John F. More,
as administrator of the estate of his de
ceased brother. A. P. More, failed to ac
count for certain assets of the estate
amounting to the sum of $67,6S5 79. and
was removed for that reason by the
courts, his sister, Eliza M, Miller, one of
the contestants in the present action, be
ing substituted. Both More and Watson
are charged with attempting to collect
claims for $30,000 against the estate, but
were prevented by the determined tight of
Mrs. Miller. ,\- V ~
It is alleged that the will was made
through fraud and undue influence exer
cised by, More and Watson, who are the
principal legatees and the executors. Both
are termed "conspirators."
The expected contest of the will of
Eleanor H. More, who died while on a
visit to her old home In Iowa In March
last, was filed to-day by Mrs. Eliza M.
Miller, Mrs. Cornelia A. Baldwin and
Miss Martha A. Duval. The first two are
sisters and" the last named is a niece of
the deceased and none were benefited by
the will to the extent of more than $150.
Sensational allegations are, made, in the
complaint t against John F. More, a
brother, and JJg W. Watson, a friend of
the deceased. The attorneys for the
plaintltts" are C. A. Storke and T. M. Os
xnont.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 30.
Accused of Having Charged At
v torney C. A. Storke With
Murder.
John F. More and P- W. Watson Are
The Sensational Allegations
Against Miss More's
>v Executors.
FAMILY SCANDAL
IS REVIVED BY
A WILL CONTEST
FRESNO, April 30.— The body, of Gus
tav Monbilly was found In a pool of blood
early this moraine. The face c was badly
cut ar.d bruised and the head was Funk
deep In the soft wet sand of the road. It
was at first thought that the man had
been . murdered, .but it has since been
learned that h* was subject to epileptic
fits and he may have injured himself dur
ing- a ri>asm.
May Have Been Murdered.
Edward Smith, better known as "Legis
lative" Smith, from the fact that until a
few years ago he had held office In nearly
ffv-'ry L^Rislaturp, appeared before Judge
iifogan yesterday on a charge of va
grancy. He wan arrested at Montgomery
und Market s-treets Sunday night. He is
row a wreck from liquor. The case was
continued till to-morrow.
"Legislative" Smith Jailed.
K. Van Ktten, general superintendent of
the New York Central and Hudson River
lisilroad. arrived in his private car on
Saturday night and will be at the Palace
for sevrral days. He Is accompanied by
Mrs. Van Etten-and the Misses .Mat-on of
New York. It is understood that Mr. Van
Kttrn Is here especially to look after the
building of tho Jackson, Butter and Ama.
dor Itailroad, of which he is the president.
New York Railroad Man Here.
Clever Boxers Will Don the Gloves
To-Morro-w Night at- San Fran- "! .
Cisco Athletic Club.
There will be lively times at the . San
Francisco Athletic Club, to-morrow night.
Sixteen amateur boxers will be pitted
apainpt each other in -four-round events,
and th«*y will furnish enough excitement
to satisfy the most hardened ring-goer.
The bouts will be strictly amateur and
trophies will foe awarded. : Alec Greggains
v.ili be referee.
The opening bout will be between Jim
Hamilton and Kmll Henko, at 112 pounds.
This will be followed by Ed Conklin vs.
Hilly Corincilv, at 115 pounds; Joe Wat-
Fon vs. Bob Jones, at 118 pounds; George
Curran vs. Jack McCormack, at 120
pounds; Jack Wilson VS. Thomas Tra
bucca. at J25 pounds; Al White vs. Young
Noil, at 130 pounds; Gur Salfbury vs.
James .Hopkins, at 140 pounds, and
Thomas Scars vs. Oscar Wilson, at 150
pounds.
AMATEURS WILL SPAR .J:
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES
OAKLAND. April 3O.-^The' funeral of
Captain C. £*~ Hooper: of -the United
States Revenue Marine /¦vrijl : take, place
to-morrow afternoon from: the-. -Masonic
Ttrnple under the charge "of -.Oakland
Lodge N"o. 18S.;. ©f Masons*.-." Captain
Hooper was one of the best known com
manders of the Revenue. Marine; Serviced
He wa? for many years in command of the
ivrir.g Sea fleet of the United States.
He corr.mnndod at -different times the Cor
win. Rush and IJear and ... Was trans
f'-rrcd to tho command of the McCulloch.
at Manila same months ago. The .change
from the cold of the north to the' heat or
Manila caused a -complication of troubles
which r^sultr-d tn his death. -¦ H.e. -was 60
years of age. -'• ¦;""-; :"-/.-: •-.'.: •!••-•
Captain Hooper's. Funeril.
ible?" Miss la Baraque has a very agree
able voice anid her views on the subject
were clear cut and convincing. The fair
lawyer showed by her wide knowledge of
the subject that she had made quite a
study of it and was able to enlighten the
ministers on the much mooted question.
At the outset she told of the statute of
divorce in this State, the number of legal
grounds of separation, and also discussed
the divorce laws of the various States of
the Union. : She contended that divorce
was a moral question rather than a legal
one. ¦: - ¦ ¦ '. •¦ ... ¦
At the conclusion of her talk a general
discussion followed, in which Rev;. Hugh
\V. Fraser. Rev. Duncan Monroe and Pro-.'
fessor Landon of the San Anselmo Theo
logical Seminary were the chief speakers.
The latter said that in some sections he
found that some of the Presbyterian minS;
isters are inclined tp have loose views on
the subject and they might profit from the
strict manner in which the Catholic
church regards divorce. Dr. Fraper ,eoh-:
tended that more barriers should be 'put'
up acalnst people who .want to be ¦¦¦'di
vorced. It was his belief that the grounds .
for divorce in this State were entirely too
broad.'. . ¦'. ' ...'-. ' ¦ ¦' \ .
Rev. Stephen R. "Wood, chaplain of the
Twenty-third Infantry, delivered a talk
before the Congregational ministers on
his work in Manila.
The following officers were elected for
the term: President. Rev. Walter Freer;
vice president. Kev. S. H. WJHey; secre-
Mies" C. : B; la Baroque Breads ¦ an In
: v'ter^st^g,,: : : ; Pap?ri^Bef6re' ; ;-; the'-- - ; :
.--. ;c : '=. -XPresij^erianv'iMinisters* •.'¦•.' : :if' : /i
! ;;irliss Chrl'Jtine B. la .Baraque. a '.blind
graduate bf the ¦'. Hastings -Law College,,
read a paper before 'the-Presbyterian min
isters • : 'yesterday, morning' entitled,. "Is- a
Uniform Divorce taw Desirable and Feas-
FAIR BLIND LAWYER
DISCUSSES DIVORCE
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
111H Broadway, April 50.
Since Alaroeda County refused to take
tb«* feeble-minded Insane from the State
Insane asylums, aocordlnp tn the proposi
ti<i:i niade to the' Alameda County Board
of Supervisors by Insanity Commissioner
Hatch a few wocks a5<). the feeble-minded
v. jil b* turned Into ¦ the county without
further ceremony;. A notification was -re- .
t"telv«sl a -few .."days since )"¦ %o . that "effect
from, Commissioner Hatch 'anti; to-day.' the' -
Supervisors triej to : grapple/ with . the
• iui-sviohf.*;. ' .,• \. ¦¦¦[ "... '-.;vji' !."! •.v-/-'": •"¦'¦ft'J i
This act. will turn into A.lameda. County
tnuriy -ft^ble minded.. ihe familiesj of tnany
<r whc;rs» are unable' ..to .car** for thern^T-he-.
snitliodiu be pursued la tlie . dischdrge^of.!
tne patients troia me asytunis is not >et
k:in\vsi,.)iut ttejf v.iil proaaoiy be pent by
ri'.p Slate aniciais to. the county sc£t arid;
l'ltTf ieJCa.SCd. ¦¦¦•;"¦¦"'•';' ', v'--'v" ¦•••'. ¦' :;¦ ¦'.':"•'•¦ i;'-'' ""*
riboriff lioger* io-day sent a conimunlcar:
tiiffl lu ttie »upervt»or»-.; asking ;.titexn uo'^
law some action to protect ihediscnatg.^J .
pjiffptm. The communication :.V\vas re.ter-'
ic J to the DistrictvAilurney for. adyice/: ..;
The matter has become a isbf.iou'Jr.tJne,;
Iiartic-uiarl-y if. it is .to be; dy rile In. ..other
K'UiitJes lhati Alahicdai . for: ..thfe :;.tiir-ni.ng .
run hf i1iiinr_frrjil'» irrfhfTriy unabiie. to : c-arc;
t or ti-.c rn^ el % f.< :; mi .-.wit h iio - i' n»- t q tare.
for ti'.epi;- ma%cs; :•» _;.pr<»fcl^nl .= V-for. -.niany
. Boards of Supervisors ; ;ta ;.s<>lVe; ;. Sherilf
: ltojferh" cprnaiunicatioti is,'a;S' .fqll-ows:- :"... ; ,
To
:' Kudi :c.jCtiiy--G~nilvm<-ti: iHeiecrlng %e> y-oiir/.
miuftrt :or V : ¦r^i-ort :t:imi hi'* -...upon the letter
¦.mcf.iwd'by-yoiir licnijr»bi.»; ti«ir'<3 frr>m the g«u--.
' -'t-r'ai guj^e.-ir.lciicjfiit ot th.e."-Srtt«" 'Hospital 'toT\
lbs if.sirre; threatening 1 to. ¦ discharge. /feeble-.
• Eduded 'jtetiems wm .tne:"t5iite. I -Ho*pita;l-.< those
\ : coatmitUxi .un AlameJa [•County) i.t an early.
day and tiirr. them over fj the Sheriff of Alar'
riwrda tyirttMT i" r care as he -jnay t»e . d!-rect^::
• «d . t» ' e»'v« them Uy > our ; bonora&ie.' l»oaril, T
wi.uia fiate that, taking tbe cdmaiurricalicq '
tenously, it w.juia eecialobe. the duty of your..
l.tril in tiike ipuK%Qitix£: etei* ; tp.-.ipett the'
. fnici gtney. ¦;.."; .-.-:• ':.••.¦-'-..: -..'= ¦¦'•¦:'''' '.¦'.• ¦.' : ;-' ', ¦ ''•
1 knew -<;f- no .taw- permitting- me: to -receive:
FU'-h jieivcns ur.tii nftrr an applicAUon lor their
. xar-iit.&tUri eknll Uave . l«n tard Id the
V.ur District Attorney ¦will, probably better
than 1 ctin, aivis« }t)U at to whether the State
L.uiif.cy <\jjnm:Mion c^n comi»tl the Sheriff to
¦ receive into the County Jail treble-minded per-
KBs'taWgttt from other counties, nameiy, the
rcyirittw .n «h!ch the fcState Hospitals are eil-
DMtft
If the Comrr.iFFKiTiTJ' can do bo. then are they ¦
tnip iwt-rcil to brir.K the Tet-ble-mlnded persons
wit.*)i,ut Itgai j>ror*s«? MuKt not the.Commls-
Elacera remit to the usual method provided by
Jan. i>y ajijllcation lo the courts to have eucJi
l>iiti«-n:« committed to the Hume for the Feeble-
Mindtd?
Can adult r*r»ont who have been confined- In
the htate H«?i'it£!B tot the Insane, and whose
condit on !uis ::n£ti»d fr<<rn that of insanity to
ptaslrt maksen of intellect or feebie-minded
»es« be fon-mitted to the Home for the Feeble-
Slindod? , If not it. j'-r subject* for the home,
wiiat [snix ifrions tan be made for them, and by
»hc3i nmrt they be cared for?
fSkcmxtf. to my Tn:n<I, such r-ersons. belns no
thaler .-.-..> but having become feeble-minded.
-art net tmptr subjects (or either the insane
asylum or the Hume fur the Feeble-Minded,
and i'^'irajly ihfj- must be returned to the
oour.ij from which they were Fent — nut to the
3ail,«.-r «Jte county, but to some institution fit
fT their detention «nd care provided *by the:
cctr.tr throug-h its Hoard of £uperv!sor». ' '
Cir.siderirg the fact that m-)tt of the unfor- j
twnatff: -vk'io will be thrown ui>on r.ur can? do
-not resSjr fielongr hf-re. but are drifters from the
interior of the Kt?.te and from other Ftaten. the
.burden nt caring for thtm would be unjust,
¦ unfair an 1 intolerable. . The eame condition ip
l-;'.fcp t.-} San Franci&co. and perhaps in greater
pceportlQa. ani theee facts suggest that the
ut;",y fair #o\utlon of the problem before us is
that the £tat<- should assume the care, responsi
bility and cxmrnte of the care of the feeble
minded j-oor.
In the meantime, if the Lunacy Commission
«ill r.ot wait until the Lecislature can be
; ¦ r to make the pro\iFion eugjrested. then it
Ka>ai HUui to be your duty to provide at least
ieniporartly for the emergency. ReppectfuHy, : ¦
OBCAR L.. KOQERB. .
BfecffS .of Alameda County.; !
Alameda County Novr Considering
What It Will Do When Weak-. . ;
Minded Are Turned Out ;v .,
Without Care.- "
; ALAMEDA. Aprl.l BO.-Uenrj^ Fortmann,
brother'of the late .Frederick Fortmann,
passed away at hiss' residence in Alameda
to-day, after a -short The death
of the capitalist ''removes! one of the best
known men of the State. He came to Cali
fornia in the; fifties arid engaged in bust
ness in Los A ncfeles. ', He was th.e owner
of- the New : York' ; Brewery of "that city.
At the- outbrejikof'the Civil .War he
drbrjped tl'le cares: of..t)U?l"neps . to. offer his
f=ei^-:cbs 7 t6 hlsaatpte'J coohtryV He volun
tvercd;-\vUh; thV 'famous "California Hun
dred/:, and. . ; bth<?r: .members cf Hhat
brave -band ;: ofA.patrjots;!was enrolled as
Coirspiiiiy Jy-in.. the Second Massachusetts
Cavalrv* -¦•' He ¦ fc-^rvird: honorably through
the. war aivi hiirticijjated. in many battles.
At the cirtse: of .hostilities : ne traveled
through Europe iird. -upon his return to
thiis couhtrj- he- .became- Interested In the
Pacifc brewery / of San Francisco.- lie
ar.d ¦' his . bioth« ; r • controlled . the stock
of the < arr«crcti<iri and later deceased and
hls !: -'.nep£e5»v: 'Henry ; F. Fortmann. xon
dacted the brewery buFtness... In IS 1 *? Mr.
Fortmann retired from bufiness qn : ac
ctfuiit \of ill ,ht v aH.h.. : Since that .period ho
has lived .in Alamedi. and looked after his
private interests, vv ¦;.:¦•-¦, :¦';¦.¦¦. "i
IJpcea^ed leaves : a wife,, three, sons and
thrfc ;dausht«-sv.: .--The f uneral : ' will^ take
{i!a« \\"»dne?clay: .from; California Hall,
Uuih'- street. San Francisco: .- ¦;&:¦•?! :'•¦&'. .¦:
Was a. Member of the ; "California
Hundred," Which Fought Through
": v the" We^r— Brief History, of . .
¦ /. ; -. " ""-• ¦ ; -."¦¦¦ , 'His Career.. ; .. ¦{¦¦¦ •'¦¦}%'.
•—7— i . «
Well-Known Capitalist and
}¦: Patriot Passes Away
•.;•.. ;.. Suddenly/: 1 -'
HENRY FORTMAN
CLOSES A VERY
HONORABLE LIFE
State Insane Commissioners
So Inform the Super
. V ViSOrS. •'.*•'.' r : '-;
COUNTIES MUST
CARE FOR THE
FEEBLE-MINDED
LIKE a touch of a South Sea sum
mer, the police appeared yesterday
In their white stripes and facings
and belts and chevrons, j It was the
debut of the finest in their new uniforms,
or old ones brought up to date, and they
were the most conspicuous things on the
city streets. The, full effulgence of the
new regulation burst first on Van ; Ness
avenue, when Captain Wittman took
Company A and Captain Spillane took
Company B out for a drill and a prelimin
ary inspection in preparation for the Com
missioners' inspection to-day. The com
panies were ¦ each headed by - a drum
corps, but the populace had attention for
nothing but the white stripes that adorned
: Margaret ? T. '. Mogan,' niece of - Mother
Mogan ¦ of St.:. Mary's •¦ Hospital and sister
of P. J. Mogan, the: attorney, died yes
terday afternoon after a long illness. De
ceased was : a native • of Boston and : 43
veara of " age. ;. She ;¦ was well •; known in
Petaluma* and Santa ¦ Rosa j for her i char
itable -;work.3. Police ! Judge. E. j, P. Mogan
la ;a.nenhew of deceased. _
Death of a Charitable "Woman.
each trouscr leg and made tho platoons
resemble sections of an animated picket
fence, newly painted. ¦¦ ¦ ; «. ¦¦:.
The fat coppers look as airy-fairy In
their white facings as a . summer, girl, a
tennis player or a plasterer, ready ,' -for
business. It seemed as if they were
clothed all In white, like naval officers in
the tropics, for the unusual I bit | of • color
In - the . dull . familiar.- blue took ¦ and - held
the eye like a mesmerist* There was noth
ing ; to look at but the white stripe and
when, as It often happened, a = sergeant,
laden with three white chevrons on each
arm and a fist full of- service stripes at
each cuff, crossed the line of vision,; it
hurt the eyes to look at him. Already
the price of chalk - and ;-.. pipe clay la on
the rise and office duty : men ; are : SDecu-
To-day the big inspection by the com
mission will .take ; pie ce, followed by. the
parade. --¦¦; For : that occasion v, the -• police
band, brand new and as yet untried upon
the • public, j, will come ? out 4 Into % the open
and lead the line.
lating on the hanging of curtains, .; for
where formerly the hurried ¦ copper come
in -- late,~ threw ; off < his citizen's coat and
hat, dove Into : hisunlform coat and'hel
met and was ready, now. he. must perforce
go through' a more serious ceremony, ,• for
with the white stripes upon them the uni
form trousers can ! no longer be worn for
common or barnyard wear. They must be
put ; on ' In ; the ¦; office." to \ the edification ; of
the : drunks, unless the i more ! modest bor
row an Idea from "The Turtle", and Invest
in • BCTeens:^Bax&<^SiSSl^>i3Se^gst^m^m
How the Finest Look in Stripes and Facings and Belts and Chevrons.
Solace Ready to Sail.
Special Dispatch to ; The Call.
VALLEJO, ' April 20.— The navy trans
port ""Solace leaves to-morrow, at noon for
Guam and • Manila. ¦ ' She - takes a" number
of officers for the fleet and 190 men from
the East for duty ¦- at . the navy yard , at
Cavlte. : - '- '-¦'¦¦- : . : ¦'¦:-' ' •?->;
Accidentally Killed.
SACRAMENTO. April 30.— Robert Doug
las an employe of the railroad shops, was
accidentally killed this afternoon c by being
struck with : a . plank ; In , the ,. shoulder In
the shop where he was employed. o De
ceared was a brother ' of ¦ City Trustee
Philip Douglas. _ .-. -;¦- '-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 30.—
Mrs. Stanford will give a reception to the
Stanford students at her Palo Alto home
to-morrow afternoon., It will.be the first
reception since Senator Stanford's death.
Twelve hundred guests are expected.
Reception to Students.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, April 30.— Joseph Nathan
iel Germeshaussen and Miss : . Lizzie Mae
Richter, two \ well-known ; and popular
young people of this county.. were mar
ried very quietly Sunday evening. They,
are spending their honeymoon In San
Francisco.
Wedded at Woodland.
Special Disnatch to The Gall
NEW YORK, April SO.— William F. Mil
ler, manager of the Franklin syndicate,
who was recently convicted of grand lar
ceny, was sentenced to-day in Brooklyn
to serve ten years 1 imprisonment. - Mo
tions for a new trial and a stay of pro
ceedings were denied. The indictment on
which Miller was convicted charged him
with having swindled Mrs. Catherine Mes
ser out of $1000, and there are twenty other
indictments standing against him. The
Franklin syndicate promised to pay 10
per cent per week on 3 deposits. Its man
agers alleging that the money to do thi3
was made in the stock market. The total
amount secured by the concern was about
$1,000,000. ;¦ • _'¦; _;\ ¦
Franklin Syndicate Manager ° Sen-
tenced to State's PriBon.
TEN YEARS FOR MILLER.
If we abandon the: idea- of self-government in
the Philippines we cannot long, retain self-gov
ernment In the United States.* It- we send, an
army of," 65,000'men to stifle aspirations for
liberty' In- the' Orient, those soldiers .when they
return home', will surely have become Impreg
nated with those ideas of oppression. I= The Fil
ipino must be either a citizen or' a savage. I
challenge . any one to cite any despot in all
time upon whom more autocratic power has been
conferred as a ruler than that conferred upon
the President by the Porto Rlcan : bill., °. •¦¦>
'• Mr.. Bryan' warned the people against
being misled into the notion that the Pres
ident- could rightly depart in governing
the -new dependencies from the plain; pro
visions . of the constitution which; he has
sworn to uphold. ='. >¦--%;. J 1 ,¦<¦' ,\, -\ . .'.% ¦>.
PORT HURON, Mich.. April 30.— Nearly
all the leaders of the Michigan Democracy
and hundreds of the rank and file came to
Port Huron to-day for the dual, purpose
of seeing and hearing the party's national
standard-bearer, William Jennings Bryan ,•
and of attending, the State Convention,
which will meet- at noon tOrmortow ;to
select, delegates .to the- National Conven
tion:-.Another incident-.6.f- the .gathering
to-day was .the .Seventh .District [Demo
cratic. •'•Congressional . Convention, i_; which
.this' afternoon : nominated ''.Congressman
Justin R. Whiting for re'-election. '•
. On account pf the. presdncg at Mr. "-Bryan
t he -. Congressional .Convention -was- held in
the -..city -Szlargest and .handsomest audito
rium.^. The.'- coldhel/.appeared- toward;'- the
close -of': the '. convention prdceedinga ' and
received", an •'; enthusiastic'..: reCep.tipn.' ! To^
night' Mr/ Bryan .adaresse'dfahqther-. crowd
of 4000 in the/same hall.';'. .Thesp.eaker'.was
loudly cheered iwhere he- reiterated his be
lief in-free', coinage -of- silver at the.-.ratio
of 16. to .1: '•'" Concerning'-: the Philippine is-."
' sues" ' he : said:- "•'.'•.-: • ° r /. ¦¦¦.': .;..'• •',
Beiterates His Sixteen-to-One
;^i •:; Dogma.
Democratic Leader Cheered When He
MICHIGAN CROWDS
HEAR ORATOR BRYAN
AT GLEN PARK.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1900.
tary, : Stephen- Wood;' -'arid treasurer;.- Bey.:
E.^JJ : Sin.g:er;-'r ; - ; .V:-v;,-:.'Vv : --::-:;:-v:.-:- K-r.^y-:.:p
The;:Pey. Iioyal. Wirt; has; returned,;! 'f bm ;
JUaska.an(i:te yery ; much... pleaded ;with the.
wprk ; he.dirt. lit \tha.t;sectfon.;;,: ;\:V \i\'.'f/-, ;.;¦•."¦• 1
In. the .Divorce Court. '[,'¦
Sadie Urquhart . Was • granted a divorce
yesterday jCrom William Urquhart on the
ground of willful desertion, i Suits for dl-
*i^».rciil;fiM^eeri; : filed by.. 1 Lulu.B.-'Delzelle
aKainstr>Vii)l*^¥i£l5eliillir-fOT;"lnridc1It^5:
IJarhara :Falloiii against. Thomas Kallon
for cruelty; . .Kate .• L. ¦: ...Whitney against :
Charles:.L..'Witney :fqr Maie E. '
Faulkner: '.against Coryell Faulkner for
.failure to provide,' Klla L. Butler against
J/C; Butler for desertion, Catherine J.
Duncan against James A. Duncan for In
temperance and Helen Kilintz against
Charles Kilintz- for j failure to provide. " ¦¦; '
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MT^y^w ¦ c>
SIOK HEADACHE
.Potttivcly cared by tbeso
little Pills.
*ney also rtueve Distress frora vji^u^tB^
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect xcoakdf for Dhrfnrw, Nausea, Drowd.'
ness, Bad Taste fa the Mouth, Coated Tongoo
Pafa in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the BowcLs. Poxely Vegetable.
Small Pin* Small Doso.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
* Steamers lea re Broadway
: l^ wharf, San Francisco:
vchu^^ For Alaskan [>orts— 11 *. m..
B^gaSk May 1. 6. 11. 1«. 21. :<!. 31. Jun*
|&a^J»*v 5. Change to company «team-
ISTl»iv§^ er* at ?eattl». •
mS*5^ For Victoria. Vancouvr (B.
ES^CJi^'feSJ f > P"rt TownsenJ. Seattle.
f^Tfcw^ll Tacoma, Ev-ret£, Anacort»«
and New Whatccm ( T Aa»h . )—
11 a. m.. May 1. «, U. 18. Zl.
18. SI. June 5. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to S. P-
Ry. : at Vancouver to C P.- Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. May X.
S, 13, 1«. 23. 23. June I and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Cruz Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
neos. Port Harford <San Luis Oblspo>. Gariota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Lo* Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. May 3, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. Zl. 31. June 4 and
every fourth day thereafter. ¦ ' •
For Ran DiejfO. Btopplnir only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Ansreles)— 11 a. m..
May 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 23. 23. June I and every
fourth day thereafter. «.,!..
For Enaenada. Mairdalena Bay. San Jos* d*l
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pai. Santa Ro«alla
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each.
For further information obtain company 1 *
Th»" company reserves the rtisht to ehan*«
steamer-., sailing dates and houra of salllnr.
W TICKET OFFICE— ? New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIX3 & CO.. Gen Affents*
-. 10 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
THEO. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO 1
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC *'S flnt Class Including Berth
I Ant S8 Second Class and Maals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sail •••—,— -
May 3. 13, 23, Jun« 9
COLUMBIA »ails May 8. 13. 28. June I
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points tn the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD, General Agent.
«30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Superintendcnta.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPAHY
Will Dispatch From
BAN FRANCISCO Direct for
NOME
The Well-Known ALASKA FLYER.
S. S. HUMBOLDT,
Sailing WEDNESDAY- -May 30.
ELEGANT S. S. ZEALANDIA
, . ., ; . (3000 tons burden).
First sailing (capacity engaged) May list
Second sailing (approx.).... ........June IStii
S. S. MORNING STAR,
Sailing (capacity engaged). May 24th.
Through service for Dawson and all Tukoa
River points.
For passage and freight rates apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
General Offices,, 139. POST STBEET.
AMERICAN LINE.
REV YOBS. 80CTHAXPT0H. L05O05. PAU&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May !t St. Louis Maya
New York. May Sf New Tork May 3a
St. Paul.. May lti St. Paul Juaa «
. :., RED STAJ* LINE..
¦ . New Yorlc aod Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Noordland ......May 2 Westernland ....May 13
Fiiesland .......May 9 Kensington May 30
Southward .....May 16 Noordland June C
';. EMPIRE LINE.
S S Ohio sails from Steuart-st. wharf, Sai»
Francisco, for Nome, on May 15. 2:30 p. , m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, but limited freight space*
Is still available. ¦ Subsequent sailings from
Seattle June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and oth«r information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st.. or any of Us agents.
TOYO KM KAISDi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Htogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, anct
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. May 19th. BOG
SS. HONOKONO MARU
- Thursday. June Uth. 1909
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Foe
freight and passage apply at company's ofSc«.
421 Market st. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
@E|B flfcjf ft The 8. & Australia
sails for Honolulu
:«r ««¦¦¦« Wednesday. May J,
W -—^' 1«». at J p. m. •
Ct^ — F^\ The 8. S. Alametfs
JNjPSmSnincJ ••Ha VIa Honolulu ajut
Q)lCflllD»U^ v Auekland for Sydiwr
Wtdnesday. May U.
Favorite l!n* trotxnd tb» world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Bum.
England, etc.: JC10 first eias*.
I. b. SfK£CKEL$& BROS. CO.. Aats.. MMonteasMff
P?«r 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Otflce. 327 Market St
IKOSHOS LINES^ ; ts^;
3SKAPI3 .4000 Ton.
Monrhly sailing for Valparaiso aad Smmbarg
via If axlean ports. Central. South America, etc
8. 8. CCTAVIA 8 AILS ABOUT VAT 10.
J. 9. arUCXILS * BROS, f 0.. Jfiata. Ill 9—Ucm*rj St.
• rW n«t— »r**«fctOS W , t>7 *«»*»* M^MmmVnmHf
CO HPA05IE CXVSXALK TSAnSATUHTIQinB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRS-PARI3.
Saillni? every Thursday Instead of 4ESjT3j>
Saturday, from November I. 1839. at ••J^w'Ws*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.. LA BRBTTAONB. May 1; La.
CHAMPAGNE. May 10; LA GASCOGNE, May
17; L'AQUITAIXE. May 24. Flrst-clasa to>
Havre. $60 and upward; 6 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. M3: 5 per
tent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN.
ADA. *2 Broadway (Hudson building). New-
York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pactflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery ««.. San Francisco.
BAT AND SIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
¦¦,:.' Steamer "Montlcollo."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at $:U
a. m.; 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frl.
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., g
p. m. Landing and office. Mlssion-»tre«t Dock.
Pier Not. Z. Teleshone Mala 150S.
FAKE .,..j...... K9
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
liai)eNofflel
I Blankets §
W • ¦ ' AND B
I Underwear ! I
8 The right kinds and the right $
«„, weights. All-Wool Blankets, tt
w from 5 pounds to 16 pounds, in S
w scarlet, gray, brown and blue. g
S A large assortment of the right S
S kind of Underwear and Over- S
8 shirts, in light and heavy weights; g
o also linen Mosquito Canopies. «
g Call and examine our goods; q
rt you will find the prices right 8
I C. CURTIN, I
| 911 and 913 MiRKET STREET. |
. bad
BLOOD
"CASCAKFTS do all claimed for them
and are a truly wonderful medicine. I ha»e often
wished for a racilicioo pleasant to take ana at last
baTo found it In Casearet*. Since taking them, tn- .
blood bas been pnrined and my complexion bas im-
proved womlortullf and 1 feel much better in everf
irar." Mas. Ballix IS. k kixahs. LuttreU. Tens.
S CATHARTIC
Plesrant. Palatable." Potent.' Taste Ooort. Do
Good, Never Sicken. Weaken. or Gripe. 10c. 2ic. 50c
:..'. CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
¦ttriUf n«t4; (oi-panj. Cktcac*, Inlnil, Saw Tork. 81»
|| ft Tf) 0 H f 1 Sold and eniranteed by all drag-
nil" I U'DAu glsu to Ci:u K Tobacco Habit.
Y OCEAN TBAVEL ,
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS BERV1CB
IO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG. "
= ' TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc., Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. S7 B'dw'y.NT.
-¦ PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATIOJ*
Reserved for Co."» passengers on application.
¦• HERZOO & CO.. u en. Afrta. for Paclflc Cout.
*)1 California «t.. corner Sanaome. 8. F.
". General Joseph Wheeler has
written three exclusive articles
upon i( My Eight Months in
• the Philippines." The first of
these papers appears in the
magazine section of next Sun-
day's Oall and will be the best
and most authoritative ac-
° count ever published of the
conditions existing in the
islands.THE SAN FRANCISCa CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 1, 1900.
10
nUSI.XESS CIIAXCKS.
A— IS5o7 CORNER~sa7oon, i block^Trom Market
and Stockton sts.; net rent $63; a good-pa}-lng
and old-established business. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 806 Market st. . - . ,
A-K000: BEST located saloon on Market St.;
with 7 club and ladies' rooms and fine
grounds; place is known over the U. S. and
Kurope and doing a large-, profitable business.
Particulars It. O. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— J2000— PARTNER wanted in best-located sa-
locn on Market St.; place open day and night:
dolr.g a first-class, paying business; owner
sanu a good, honest man for assistance. Par-
ttcu'ars It. G. WILKE. 9C6 Market «t.
A— OLD-ESTABLISHED roadhouse with over
one acre of ground; house of 7 furnished (
rooms, with barroom, piano, etc.; rent $30. <
Particulars It. O. WIL1CE. 9C6 Market st.
A— 1900— BAZAAR and notion store, with 3 fine
living rooms; rents $22 50; a good paying busl-
ness: stock values the Drice ; best location on
principal etreet. R. G. WILKE. 9C6 Markut.
A-$1SOO— BAKERY on leading business street;
.Western Addition; rent $65; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 3% barrels per day: sick-
ness cause of sale. Sec It. G. . WILKE, 806
¦ ¦'¦ Market st. ¦ .,- :.¦•:."¦ -..'•' ¦,- '. ¦
A— $2000— CORNER grocery and bar. with four
living rooms: rent 150: 3 years', lease; the best
•'"•corner on MiFsion st.; place doing a good
raying cash business: full value In sight.
¦Call R. O. WILKE. Sod Market st. ¦" . V '...:¦¦ ¦¦
SOME GOOD SENSIBLE ADVICE. ; •¦ -. : "'-¦.-¦:
• We have on our list some barcalns/rare,.; • "¦
..' And tn cur dealings we are • fair: • : '. -.•.;/¦•'. ''¦¦'.¦
¦¦• Saloons and restaurants of every size.- !'. ',.':'•:.
:'. For cale. in The Call we advertise. : '.;.'¦. -". .'¦'¦,
'¦:. So if In bUblness you wish to go -\ :•¦.':'...<¦•'¦'.:¦.¦¦
In seelne us do not be slow. ,;".•.'". ;.-,.•- ¦
.¦ -.The nnmber is Market, seven five nine. :;"•.¦¦•;•.'.
-'.'•So come up early andfall in line. ".- .>'¦.•:-. •• v "
;'•-' If you wish' to pell or wish to buy." "".;•.'.••.-".;:
;:"VVhen you mean business, us do try. ;.--• : -. '¦-<-¦;
¦-.:We are not here Just for our health..:: .'.- .•'--;
\\ Iliit. lfke «ur patrens, are: gaining wcaltn..
".' You don't risk life, nor pay big f are "¦•;" .;¦ • '¦ ;..'•¦
: ;'..Tci come, -and in our profits share.-.-- i.;:-' ••¦; ;-..
.';.-: So don't >risk life In coinc to Nome. V .'s .•;-_• ....
: ; -. Invfft in -busln*F!r and stay at home, •';•..•¦••.•¦....
f : REMEMitER MARKET. 759. - : '.'- : . ; >.;'"> '¦.::' i]'v ,
I :' ' Don't fail' to call on us in time;" *=•'• ': { '.:.>':''v '
ky-; : : : BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY. '
I QltiCK ; sales- Is. '-bur motto." : . .¦¦'.•: x \r', ../.¦-'. i:-y:i-:': :
f: :: Should j:ou want to buy. sell or. exchange any
;•.•"- property or ¦bu« r !r.ess. we are able to please
;>.ycu 1n every respect: BROCKLEHURST>&
'¦¦ ¦ : '>^EG. La: PPKRY.; : 759 Market : st.;;-;: -/q/ -^V-:;,; "-
FOItFaier^iCO' atresjof: pasture 'and rolling; land.
. ¦- near Reiidtng; bargain .at $5- an~-acre: :CaII .
¦ -¦:! BUOCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY'. .759
J ; ; .'vMarke.t;it. '¦/.: ••':.••'. -;-.'V ¦¦,_¦¦ ": i:' ¦¦¦'-¦'..¦¦¦;.- '' : :.-':-"y.-:'- :.•¦-.
[ A ;. BAZAAR .-Store: ': fine 'location:' sreat iaerl-'
: Vrllice: receipf s $15 ; daily. COWING & . Cai
: :'. J-JIS J.Market' st.:;.:^\/;;o:; :^;';;.V-^.y;-;-v.';j/,V : ''-.- .'
A CANDY: ; 5tore, near Market :¦ cause, death.
'¦ x:C«-> W 1 N.Q : '.& ;¦ CO.; 719 Market;,. s-t; ¦¦'-.¦.-'•'.'. •.-';. -;. v :. : *: ;; ¦'¦
A^HOME kitchen :and delicacies store"; : re-
¦ -.cei-pts $15 day: COWING & CO.- 713 Market. ;
A^BUTCHER shop, near bargain.:
;:{.^OW.INQ^;CO..: ; ;719 Market /Bt..;{ : . ;¦:¦:.; - :v :.y;-,-
iXCAN'L'V rind Icecream. parlor: Market: st;;- a
¦'lEhflp^ ;•: COWING & CO.. .719 Market si. -¦....;;
$ ipC'O^NEWSI'APEI' ¦'route:; -:V leading , ; : .morning.
- ¦>t'apfr • will : pay about... $75 per-- month. -: r r -'F-tBr ; ,
; particulars see McLAUGHLlN ; & : CO.. 7.77Vi
v" Market it.:,.*--: ¦;¦-. - ; . : '- : '?-; ¦¦ '.:¦ ¦V:.-;.y-;,'.<; '-.:' '¦i'A'i'X-K'-.
$500irSA BBER shop ; 4 chairs ; well ' established ;.
i^:^^^b^ga^:^McL^\L•GIILIN¦A^¦eO:;;¦^^77T^ : •¦MarkeU.• : .
$S0O-^BAKER Y : bargain ; disagreement of part-
ners cause of sale. . Mclaughlin &.; cp.,
77TS Market st.
A— JSjO-^PARTNER wanted:^ 'must ¦'.- be' steady,
reliable man. ; satisfied with $1S to -520 a week ;v
¦ -no: night or Sunday work;, trial:' given .-before •
/¦¦•¦ buying;;, j Apply at -i-9 Geary vl., ,rpom^.."y^;.^v
IJ.0O— FINE carriage and wagon 'factory •! a ;bar- '.
..gain; must leave city. JONES & CO., Siillkt;-:
AN UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY,. :.^^.U:.i^J:w : : .
Grocerj'i saloori: and bakery combined; located
' in the Western Addition: 5nlce sunny.llvlng
:. rooms attached: all handsomely fitted : up
-:¦' and furnished; over $2700 worth of stock on
hand; also a new and elegantly furnished
house of « rooms; this is the greatest bargain
¦ «-v«r offered in San Francisco; open to inves-.;
tlgation; absence and sickness of owner forces
•sale at once. See M. A. BROOKS, 12 Goldin
:. Gate ave.". ':¦¦';.•'.;¦¦ ; '.¦.'•..'. ¦•'.-.'¦ .1 ¦ ¦..,¦:¦¦'¦'¦¦'.:¦':¦ ':'¦¦ '¦¦¦
$<00 WILL buy a first-class milk route in Santa .
Rosa, with horse, harness, wagon, : cans and,
. ever>'thlng complete; now clearing from $S0 to
$100 per month; books will be shown. Call on
or addrcrs B.W, ROBERSON. 41S B . et..
••*. Banta Rosa.- Cal: 1 :'-; \-r i P-..i-/-- : y,i- .¦';.••-..-. '.'••¦: ', '":-:.
OKH-CHAIR barber shon for sale., worth- J125;
•party jcolng to Oregon Thursday : sacrifice for
¦ $C5; guaranteed to. make $15. a week over .ex-;
¦ ; penses ; 3 nice living. rooms. . ;1933 MIssloh-.Bt. ••
DENTISTS desiring larse: and . growing.: prac-
tice immediately oil shares r- investigate ;¦ -eaity ¦
¦terms. Wrlte-.D.. D^- S;;'-.. Call yfflce. Oak land.
RELIABLE business man wants loan $2000: gilt
edge proposition, or would take honest part-
\ : .ner. Address box 45S1.. Call of flee. .
$250— RESTAURANT; good location; opportun-
. ity seldom offered ; .time payments. Apply
P. McRAE, 837 Mission st. •¦ . . ...
11006— PARTNER for Nome retail liquor. busi-
ness; can stay at home or' accompany. Call
on MEAXES.. 3C8 Eleventh et. : ¦
$375— SALOON, doing fair trade for saloon; good
chance for a man net afraid of work.. Box
. isss, : call. • • - - ' . 4 ."--.."-""-- ¦'".•'¦:' ' - ¦¦ .
WELL-ESTABLISHED grpcerj-;" central loca-
tion; cheap if at once." Box .303. Berkeley.
FOR sale — A. 'fine- fruit store :.- good business;
: : price :tTO0... 1217H Scott, st.;., near Ellis, .- . ¦ •¦
FOR >tle-^Saioon 'and r .'caf.e:-..'a great bargain;'
..must tell; srojns: East. 1446 Market st...; ; :••.••'.•'
FOR sale— Ft rft cabin b!erth td.Nome for /lady;
r .steamer. Senator.- Box.. 1S63.. : Call. '-.. ¦ '....¦'¦ -.' '..-;
GOOD feargain- in hay.: grain'.', wood, Coalbusl-'
¦ .ness:. ;. Box 16, .106 Eleventh.. rt. ¦¦• . - ¦¦.•;".-:•¦¦..-
SALOON for nte.'.-: Apply -ill -East vst.V. north
¦¦-" of.'.Market. opposite 'ferry-' •' 1: ."'•¦" : - .- .¦¦¦¦.'¦ .'¦
CANDY : store; must- sell" at' ince;: cheap." .1506
¦"¦ Howard;stC '¦'. -. .-."„'••¦ . 3 ;.';•:';? I. ''¦'¦'r}y.~'~Y. ¦.'¦•'•. * ¦-.
TO -.rent .bri ¦ shares', .On'-. Sin -Pablo Creek— 250
'. .-acres' of good.!wlunteef- hay. •.with building.
Apply to R. '•¦ E./ ROWLAND, Orlnda Park,
... Contra : Costa; County^ :¦ .'.-. '¦ ".' ..-.-. ¦ . " v , •" • -
BARBER." shop Iftfr-- sale 'on -.account of depar-
; ¦ ture.''-. Corner- Uallroad:. and Seventh • aves.,
.'.South' San Franciscpl/ : ; '-/•¦•; : . . -.'.•
¦BAItliER fhnp for rent :> Completely furnished;.
.'¦2 chairs;' leng "establlsh-id business; good lo-
¦ cation on Third -St.; rent complete, $22. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. €14 Call
. udg. ;;¦¦:•,,-. .. • ¦ •;•; ¦¦•:;.-.
FIRPT^CLASS saloori and lodging-house, fur-
• niflied, for rent;"wlthin or.e block of Powell
nnd Eddy. •" Apply to DONNELLY & BRAN-
• NAN.' wholesale, liquor- dealers. 1CC9 Mission.
$10,000 TO $20, WO wanted: corporation; jmonop-
oly: manufacturing product of universal Use;
rare chance fcr amount of Investment; princl-
| rials only. Address X.X.X., box 3445, Call. ¦;
' DO -you. war.t gocd payins dairy depot, -clear-
ing more than $2 per day?" some delivery;' on
1 account of departure; ' no reasonable offer
j refUFcJ. Addr-^« J., hoi 1S31, Call'offlqe. • .
PARTY leaving tlie city has for sale a tin and |
corper chop; also steel range; doing good j
butines*: established 14 years. 411'4 Califor-
I n!a ft.. F.UGF.NE ROBINET. . - * j
I DRUG Ftore for sale or exchange for Sari Fran- I
| cIpco property; a well-stocked, modern, payinc
<*lruir store In a r.ood mining town; cash trade.
Call at 720 O'Farrcll st.. city.
A CAPABLE business person wants a partner
wlih $2i//: cash: gtwd opportunity; good secur-
ity; iirincrrjals only. Eox 4 £50. Call office. |
PEFtSONS capable, of Interesting capital r«-
QBested to call room 13, seventh floor. Mills
bulldinr. - , .
NEW r!sir Ftand for rent; chc?p; southeast
corner Third and Townscrnl, opposite R. R.
derwt.
FOR *ale — Handi-ome furniture of a family ho-
tel In full rur.ninc order. 728 Sutter st.
BUTTKR, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth st. ;
FOR Sale — Oyster and chop house; 26B Hayes
etreet: cheap: other business.
FOR sale— Delicacy store; good location. C03'i
Pest st. - .
SALOON cheap; located In the Potrero. Apply
en premises, IM3 Kentucky at.
SU.-TIONKRY. school supplies: clean, new
stock; $1000. Bex 1S20, Call office.
BAKERY store, 11CS Hoivar.1 ft.: 4 rooms; large
I oven and tools to let low: location excellent. '
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
j W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
! CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
— — — — — .— — — — — — . i— ___ .»
LODGIA'G-IIOL'SES FOR SALE.
22-ROOM CORNER
: TRANSIENT HOUSE.
CLEARS $200 PER MONTH.
PRICE $1050 IF SOLD MONDAY.
For Bale by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
18-P.OOM house at your own price. Apply to
DECKER. 1020 Market et.
100 rooms: rent $50; clears $200.... $1500
18 rooms: on Third st 250
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash..... 2000
S-room flat; new; elerant... ;... 2M
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office... LoQ
37 rooms; on Howard et.; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market ft.; worth $1200...... SCO
r 19 roome; on Mason st.; payments.. 450
36 rooms: on Market St.; payments 1S00
MONEY. TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE. •
TELEPHONE JOHK 51. ,
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
60-ROOM CORNER
........BAY-WINDOW HOUSE
CLEARING $300 ................
....OWNER MUST LEAVE THE CITY....
OFFER WANTED ..............
For -sale by DECKER. 1020 Market st. >
FOR sale— Rooming-house. 7 •• rooms, all occu-
pied; good location; rent J2S;- price $250. 709
Taylor st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S : is i the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. *103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect nt. .
AN experienced misses' and childrens'; dress-
maker: latest styles; 50c up. . Eox 4533. Call.
ACCORDION- pleating faiftory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. : ' '¦ -¦' -'
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages; telegraphy, .English
branches, civil, electrical and mining' engin-
eeririg. etc.; new 80-page catalogue • free.
A HIGH srrnde school— Commercial , Western
Business University; arranged In departments;
pay. only for what, you get." Call or address.
-723 Market st., San Francisco.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping. . shorthand, typing: c life
scholarship;. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL: students but- two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. '¦
ENGINEERING, civil elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. PS3 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calc TARR. -Expert acct.. 429 Parrott bldg:
ADULTS ami children taught English branches;
'.individual instruction;. day and eve. 334-Hyde.
BOOKKEEPING practically: no theory; rapid
¦;• calculations. Tarr,. Expert Acct., Flood bldg:
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERK1. IOCS Mission ;vlolln. guitar.
EEP1NA, Penman: business writing a specialty;
- engrossing; Spanish.-. 337 Phelan- building. ¦
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
.-etc.; day or eve.; $3 mo. '1024 Misston. nr. 6th. •
EMPLOYMENT :•„ OFFICES. . .
A^JAPANESE-'CHINESE Contractor and Em-
. .ploymcnt Office furnishes best -laborers and.
V domestic servants. " 4 Carlos place,. oft O'Far-:"
' rell. : bet., Powell and Mason; tel... Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese . and ' Chinese em-'
:.-. ployment office; established over five .years.
' 421 Post st. ; telephone aiu.sh 13o. ; ' ¦:•¦' ¦-....' ¦¦ ¦. - ]
JAPANESE and Chinese employment- office; i
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. S06V& Stockton.
CHINESE-.and Japanese- Employment Offlce-r
.liest help. . 4111.4 O'Farrell ,et. : tel.* East 426; ."•' .
UNION Japanese-Chinese'Employment Offlce-%.
. :-•* Best help. 417 : . Powell 's't, telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, ChU
..-(. nesr:; 426 Powell.'near Sutter:-" tel. ¦ Black 5072:-
EMPLOVMEST WASTED— PEBIALE. 1
WANTED--Byir6od cook, place to do cooking
¦ or. housework- In -small •• family. Call, at .620.
¦''.'¦.Minna St.. bet. /Seventh and Eighth. ¦¦¦'¦ -'\':" :
FIRST-CLASS 'Gerinan : cook; -middle-aged.;
¦S wishes situatiori to "do"" cooking; some house-
V work; wages $25 to |30: country preferred..- 348
/"^.Third-st. ;.;"-V;; /¦:.:.::^::^--^' ¦¦..•¦'¦.:¦"¦ '.¦¦¦' ¦¦"¦¦¦¦..
ARTISTIC dressmaker would. like engagements.
by the day; $1 50; will take work home; per-.
. : feet -fit: guaranteed. .Address 2SS Ellis St.. / '.-.
RELIABLE^ girl I place., for
•:: housework; private, family; wages : |20.. Call:
.. at 63< 'Fulton : Bt.-.. -¦.;.¦•• ¦•«"'•'•'•¦••-"¦¦" i.y.~:- : '-\. ¦¦''¦¦::..¦
I WOMAN with a : baby will do housework; can
: also teach music in. return for a good home.
. Box 1S71.. Call office. . ..:.:- '
COMPETENT cook would do American cook-
i ing and downstairs work. with. small wash-
ing or general housework: willing and oblig-
ing; wages $25; no postals. . Inquire 817 Mls-
f lOll St. ¦ '¦'¦¦¦¦ ¦'¦'.¦¦;" V .¦¦=..-¦•;." '
AMERICAN woman wants chamber work in
the city;' Is willing and obliging. 993 Market
St.. room ¦ 8." •:.-¦• - ' ¦ . . ¦
? YOUNG woman with a child wishes position
as . housekeeper. Call between 10 and 12 a.
m.'. S61 Greenwich st. '; '¦'¦.'-'¦ .' .
LADY wants position to take charge of room-
, lnig- house for a small salary:- -34.. Sixth st.
• ALL-AROUND . cook and • helper ' want S places
!¦ . ; together;-.city or. country." .242 Natoma st. •'
WOMAN watits. work by the dayi'.VVddres3 Call
-.. ¦ branch- office." 1941 Mission -str .'";•-¦. ¦ -' ¦ .'•
A GERMAN woman wlshes : to do washing and
cleaning or plain sewing and mending- by the
¦ day. ..469A Minna' St. . ".;¦¦"¦-:':¦ : " --'
GERMAN lady wants family washing by the
week: work at homo. 2334 Greenwich St.,
' near Pierce ;¦ telephone Baker 11S9. : *
COMPETENT North German nurse seeks po-
sltion to go to Europe with a family: is used
1 to traveling; best city reference. Address F.
I F.. 1516 Pacific ave. - - ..
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: irood reference. 608 Franklin' st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to %1 50 night; $1 50 to $0
'. week, convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
¦ • tlsements- arid subscriptions has been opened
at 1223Pplk St.; open until 9 p. m. :"-; ..••••'¦¦•
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements and
¦;¦ subscriptions .has' been established at .1096: Va-
¦ ¦¦-lencla >t ¦*¦'*¦¦ .. .•• .;. :.-. '¦ _ '- . ' •¦ -
' .- E Sl'PLQ V ME Jt T. ¦ . WAX'Viib— MALE... :
¦BARKEEPER." experienced " man;- desires Vposl-
. tlon: flrst."-class 'city 'references.. .Address L.V
'¦209 Valencia it.' ¦'•¦ : - ¦.-•¦-•: .. ' •'¦.'.¦' ¦'.'-. ¦
¦OLD -gehtlema-n-.-and- • wife want -to go Into the
•country to take.care. of 'small place; wife good
• cook; man understands taking care, of stock:
• Call. -2435 Folsom , st. .-., .' ,
OYSTER . opener, : cook, short order and. lunch
counter- work, market, oyster • hoifse or bak-
ery, wants steady place: work from 6 p. m. to
; . midnight. 614 Central ave. - ". '¦' ¦¦ • ".
MAN and wife wish position; wife Is. flrst-
' .class cook; man-' handy about ;* the place.
' Box ISfio. Call offlee. •:;..,-.- ; , . , ',
MAN and wife would like situations on ranch:
. man as eeneral ranch hand,: wife as cook.
Address J. H., 474 Jessie st. •':' • .*".
RESPECTABLE gentleman of good address,, 43
•' years of age, best reference, would llkea po-
-. sltlon as traveling 'Companion with an old
¦ = gentleman. Address box 3442. Call office.
..GARDENER,; 'Oerman, wishes position; refer-
'"• "onces from home and abroad. : Address R." B.,
¦••.box U30. Call office." , ;; .. .:¦••¦,..;.
¦MAN'wIshes to. take charge of cattle or horses.
••' for, fare-. East,"- Box 1S11. Call office. .... ; ;,.
YOUNG rna;n-,'. inexperienced, desires position to -
' learn to. tend-tar; references ;-..work first mQn'th
:. l tor bgard.V-V; SPECK, 613 Gough st. .".¦"•-." .;.:
COACHMANV-thproughly understands his busl-
' ne»s In all brahxibes. Is trustworthy and rell-
;•'¦ able. '.desires situation In private family; ref-
'•• erenc.es, . C. S., 1022 Jackson st. •• •
EXPF.niENCED bookkeeper seeks situation In
ofllce: thorough knowledge of office routine;
exceptional references. H. E., 623 Fell St.,
San F:anclsco. ¦ -f^fpXi .':.-'.
YOUNO Japanrse- boy'- wants situation as good
cook In a family. ,H. I.. 248 Ellis st.
GOOD gentlemen' garment cutter with much
, -experience desires position In city or country.
; Address box 4573. Call. ;¦'.
NURSEr graduate of training school, would
like situation. •¦• O." A. McKENZIE. * 217
Minna ft. . - - ;- : ; ' ¦ ;¦• ¦ ¦ :¦¦-. . ¦
"WANTED-^Position i as Janitor, .watchman ' or
any-. kind -.of. work' around ¦ house;- can give
good > references; aged 26. Box f 1860, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office.' 2200 Fillmora «t.
A HHAN'CH' office for the > reception : ot adver-
;. tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 , Polk st. ; . open ¦ until 9 P. "i m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
mbscriptions has been established at lOOS Va.
lenclni tt. '¦" ~» ¦ ¦¦-.¦- - --¦-.'-.-
: EXPliRT OITICIANS.,
GEORGR MAYERLE. German expert optician,'
-'- 1D71H i Market St.— Examinations i free ; German
eye water by mall. 50c. s Phone Mint 257.
:." , FLATS TOLET.'.
A— $20— NEW; every room sunny; i rooms, por-
celain bath; marine 'vlew.i 1421 Green, Bt.,'
near ¦Van Ness ave. .;
BEST centrally located flats for small families:
- nice [ "neighborhood : must =. be ¦ seen. ¦ Hanover
pin ce. off Sacramento st.,[ above: Powell. .¦--¦;
FELL, r 624— Flats > of S ' rooms and bath, - $13 ;
, : ; also flats," 4 rooms, no , bath, $9. -
FILLMORE. " 118, rear— Flat - of . 3 rooms, with
¦: yard. ¦ ¦:•. •'¦¦¦ "¦.:¦¦/; ... ••-.?•- .' ¦ : _ ¦ ,'...- -...--•.•,
FULTON, - 142— Extra fine ' modern - middle = flat ;
.'6 rooms; bath; City Hall; fur. or, unfurnished.
HOWARD, \ 1133— Flat i of 4 nice aunny rooms; 1
.," large cellar; cheap; rent. ;j^ -¦•:!:
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
. from BALDWIN & HOWE1-L, 1 10 Montgomery.'
MISSIONS 1513V4— Upper r^ flat; ¦ -¦. 6 S large s sunny
. rooms, , bath, gaa and laundry: i rent; $18. v - : ::
O'FAURELL, ' 73»-Upper ' flat,. S; sunny rooms;
:-"¦. key 737,' O'Farrell iEt. ¦S^^'-/- >¦¦-¦',':::'<.
SIX-ROOM flat— Clara st rent $14;; also . three
rooms.for $9. : KREDO & CO.,"36 Geary St.*;, .>
»8— FLAT, " S87«,i • Hayes i et. ; : 3 ¦ rooms and • bath
•and yard; new plumbing-.- -
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED to rent 0X2 eas . e - BulW 1 I , n ?A^?Jd l for
. StrM^ sa ffi c^«^/o°. r
Angelea. .___„-. —^ *^"'~-*
LOST AMJ VMXiSD.
LOST— Lady's pin- wreath of pearls; Sunday
mcrnlr^ from California and Scott sts. to
f^rry. Rcturr~to S26 California st.; reward.
LOST— Japanese male pug dog; hangs tongue to
left side; answer to "Patsy." Return to VA
Rues »t. ; reward. . - . . '
LOST— Small fox terrier bitch. Return to
1617t£ Webster St.; reward.
LOST— Feather boa. going on Haight st. from
Scott to Van Ness ave. to St. Ignatius
Church; liberal reward. Return to 7.. Haight.
•LOST — A dark chestnut mare from , P.'
WULFFS grocery. Seventh ave. and M. st..
Butchertown: reward. - ' --'--' -.
LOST— Pocketbook. at Oakland Pier, about '«/
p. m. Finder will please return all butjk*
money to owner. RICHARD W. READING.
Selby. Cal. , . . ' • c " ; .
FOUND— Pointer: owner can have same, by,'
provinB property and paying expenses. Apply .
3546 Twenty-second ft. _.1___^__ .
MEDICAL. . .- .. ; ;.
DR NO TOY KEE late of Canton. China, tea
¦and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento at., cor-
•ner of Kearny: all diseases and ailmenta ,
| cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas:
advice free; office hours. 10 a. be. to U m.. : .
• 2 .to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. ' ¦*•'•. '.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned ',
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-.
'-tlced In S. F. for years; treated thousands of •
• cases successfully; treatment can b« used at.;.
.'home; consultation- free. Write or call at ..¦
.1023^ Market st. ' - : : - "•"
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' pby- '.
slclan. formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned
•¦from Europe with advanced knowledge ; treat- ¦ '-'
' ment $5: 15 years' successful practice in S. F.{
•.maternity home; low feea. 1007VJ Market st. °.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: hom« ,;-
' In confinement: treatment at office. $3; any . •
"-. ailment:, consultation, free; confidential. *4J v
¦ Post St.. bet. .Hyde and Larktn. - . ' '¦: ' . .-
DR; F; FRANK and MRS. ANDERSON. ladle* ,
physicians; every case guaranteed; reliable , :
.v specialist; treatment. $5. 1013 Laguna st. ;
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles* '
¦..physician; chronic- diseases treated: late s;len- -.
Hiflc methods: cure guaranteed; treatment. t>.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-.
sician: English -and- Oerman spoken; term*
.? reasonable. 82S Castro St.. near 7th. Oakland.'.'.
MRS. DR. KOHL. v ladies' ¦oeclallst— Treat-
men at office. $5: consultation free. 1122 Mar-- ;.,-¦
¦: ket st.> bet. Mason and Taylor. ' ¦ . -, • •¦...
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market: ladles' trpe-
clallst; treatment at office, $5; consultation
free;, hours 10 tq 8. •• •¦ ¦-. ' . • . ' .... '.•:.•'"-•
MRS SCHWARTINO. midwife: private home :
. in confinement; English and German spoken. •
,510 Eddy at. . • ' '- .;
DR. JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk tt., the eminent .
female specialist: home or offlee treatment. $3.,- ¦
VI- VI— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists. „
1118 Market: every case guaranteed: $5 ap»
Die. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horns
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave. .¦¦:, •;
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
mesot tha human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» Weekly
Call 18 pages, sent to any address tn ta« ¦
United States, poatpafd. for $1 per year. : .„»." .
• pontagg paid. - __^^^__'
31KDICATE1) OATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles: ladles' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness ave.,
opp St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Addreaw for booklet. DR. CONAXT. 47 Po-it
' METAPHYSICS.
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mag-
netlc healing. Dr. Lasswell.U McAUlster.r.24.
" M1XCS ASD MINING.
SHASTA mines— Deal direct; several cholc*
properties, large and small; personal knowl-
edge of them; principals only. C. L. PAIGE.
room 320. Parrott buldg.. S25 Market at.
MISCELLA.VEOt'S— *'Oll S ALB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1!>7 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. W<HITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ONE 3 II. P. 220 volt motor; standard make: al-
most new; cheap. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
ALL goods sent C. O. D. with privilege of ex-
amination. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
TWO horses, buggy, cart and harness cheap..
Call after 4 p. m.. 1311 Greenwich st. . ,
FRESH Durham cow; milks 20 qts. rich mills
dally; cheap. 1312 Folsom st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
.. ters. linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
- have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
'.32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
;.we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
• NAN. 1017, ¦ 1019. : 1021. 1023 Mission St., abova
' Sixth; write for catalogue.. -
WRITTEN guarantee given . with everything
sold; money back if not as represented; estab-
•'. llshed 1S5L UNCLE HARRI3. 15 Grant ave.
2000 SHEETS, 100O pillow slips, suitable for
-' steamships or hospitals, cheap. Address box
. 2762. Call office.. ...,-¦•
AUTOMATIC WiUcox & Glbbs sewing machine;
• good order; complete; cheap. 1913 Mission at.,
¦ near Fifteenth; -
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $3 50. BACIOALUPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pln«.
WE want good clothes and will pay big prices.
, , PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con- .
dltlon: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers: lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beal».
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fir* and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second band. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and barg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 43 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand, all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
. ONE -4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: S locomotives. 220 FVemont.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent t.-» any address in th«
tr-nlt**) Ptnt>». pn*trt»M. fw $1 Per y»ar.
™ Mli-CBLLA.NKOtlS UA\TS.
FOR cash— Long Focus Korona. Premo, King
Poco or Monbank camera, 6H-S3H. .In perfect
condition. INKERSLEY, SOS Montgomery st.
WANTED— Pressure blower: Root or Baker;
state size and price. California Manufactur-
ing Co.. S42 Townsend St.
SECOND-HAND garden hose and attachments;
must be reasonable. Ohio Dental Parlors.
SSO Market st
BIG prices paid for full-dress suits. PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stsckton; will call.
WANTED — Second-hand upright ptano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market »t.
WO.VEr TO LOA.X.
¦¦.¦¦¦¦—-. ¦....*¦....¦,.—. ..^v^«. «!„.,,.. |, .„,„., I,
ANY proposition, any amount: ( per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. B. -
OLSEN. room 16. flrst floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at s per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortraees and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before dotng business elae-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private . place to obtala
liberal advances on d!a;noa-da. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelr/ Store. 546 Market
st. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable « place to oorrow on diamonds.
W ."l Ch » S ' wel JT- J - HESTHAL. 19 Sixth;
hlgh-st price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party en furniture and
E.'i n . o^;. n:> removal: low 'ates: confldentlaL
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 120 Powell st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rate*. BECKER &. CO.. 28 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearxy st.. room ». respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonis; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tei. Da via 9U
ON furniture arid pianos without removal: .ju! •<
service: money direct; lowest lnt-re«t. Rooms
C3 and 63 Dorrohog building. 1170 .Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at lVi per cent: also
l o^ n L,\ n ****rt** people. HARSHSAP.GER.
222 E11M St.. room U.
M S N T E r YlOane< J. sa i arled P«0P>e without security.
._ HILL, rm.44. Merchants' Erchge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people: without security: all bust-
; Bess coBfldentlal. Tousley Co.. m Parrott bis.
FL4T» : TO ; LET. .
4 ROOMS and yard in the healthiest locality,
for $3 per month: water free: at 1 Ewer place.
Inquire at 1011. Mason St., between Clay and
Sacramento. .. .
$18— UPPER flat, 5 rooms, bath; modern; ma-
-Srlne view; close to cars. 1121 Filbert st.
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath. $18. 2524 California st.
FUIIMTURE FOIl SALE.
FURNITURE of. 6 rooms for sale; great bar-
galn. Apply 19A Lafayette st.
NEW furniture of flat of 6 rooms at a sacrl-
flce. 283 Thirteenth st.
FURNITURE in seven-room flat; piaao; no
dealers. Box 3444, Call office. -'-.;
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50 with No.
,7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
"~ .< f UltNlTUKB ' WAM'ED. ,;
CH AS. LEVY buys your furniture, . carpets,
piano. ,1135 Market at. ;' telephone Jessie 761;
ALFRED WOLLPERT, ,773 Mission St.; pays
the highest 'price for your Id-hand furniture.
W. E.'CODYOate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.;, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
; HELP WANTED-PEMALE. ; ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO...... ....Phone Grant 185
............ MOTEL DEPARTMENT....
*. Waitresses for Sacramento, Fresno, Marys-
ville, Redwood City, San ' Jose, Antloch;
.'. Healdsburg, Hollister, Watsonvllle and. cltyi
'¦¦ $20 and J25: 2 waitresses, resort, $20; 2 cham-
.'". bermaids, $20; 2 chambermaids. $18: chamber-
maid, $15; 2 chambermaids, to 'wait. $20; 2
fancy ironers, $30 and found. . city and coun-
'.- trj",-2 lunch waitresses, 60c; woman cook, $40,
summer resort.' ."• :• . " . ¦ .
........:....;..FAMILY ORDERS .......'.;.
. Woman. for chamberwork, $15. no objection to
¦ : child; woman for waiting in railroad camp,
no objection to child; 2 house girls to go to-
¦ : get her,' $20 each; woman -for housework on a
farm, Santa Rosa, $15: German. girl for Ger--
man family, in city, $20, ¦ choice" place; house
•. girl, Monterey, $15; 15 house -girl3. city, $15
•and $25; others. . C. R. HANSEN & CO., .104
-.Geary st. .':'•. .- •;'. .';••,. ' ' , : .
A CASHIER and bookkeeper; accurate; $10.
..BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market Bt.,
10. GIRLS, ffeneral housework; $20.to $30; 1 cook,' .
:.- small restaurant, $10 per week;- 1 German or
¦'.'¦Swedish' erlrl; general housewrork, . country: -1
. second ¦ Rirl, city. BUSINESS WOMAN'S
¦-CLUB. S27 Market st. ~; ¦'- . :>•':..- ;".'y:';.'.
WANTED— 100 cooks, second girls,' waitresses,
;. city and country; housework, nurses, etc, ;. too
•' ¦ many orders to try to advertise them: we have
'.-.work' for- any competent person at $13 to $35.
/• J. F.. CROSETT : &. CO...316 Sutter. St. -.¦¦• : ','..
;WANTED — Woman toact as housekeeper; good
¦'¦ home. '. Address box 477,; Call.: . :.-. : ' •• ¦.•.•.'. ¦.-..¦•¦
COMPETENT girl for housework and. cooking;
$20.'. 12C9 McAllister St.;.. •.•."-' ?<\\; ,\ w.;;. ¦:;;, -.
WANTED^A ' woman to : 'do:'hpusework:'-- sleep
' home: good wages. Inqulre.bakery,' Eighteenth
,:.and S'ce sts. ¦..•-.;.'•• f-;; .>-... ; . :,¦:¦.,< ¦-.¦¦¦, ¦'¦¦_. -.;";/
NEAT girl for cooking and housework In small
•;.: family:.; wages $15. -. 3022 Clay- st.-- =; /:/.'*¦-';:¦''¦. %'¦{•:¦
WANTED — . Vest finishers, ':' buttonhole makers
' ' and apprentices. ', 503 Kearriy- St., .room 2..-'-.;:-
GIRL'for. : housework; no children;' no cashing.
',;'-1611,.'.Ste'lher.,at;';;--'.,-v. i .";" : - ;. ; - v ..- •>'.".;j; x . >. :."•¦•'.'¦'¦'
WANTED-i-GlrKfor second work- and waiting.
.y. 1307. Hyde'.st.v.,-' .- r". "<¦'¦- -..=.;V' •¦¦¦¦-.¦¦-•••¦ .v :;.;: -:;::-v; ; .'
AyANTED^— Experienced hands on: eklrts; -also
'•¦". Infants', wear. -Cal. Underwear Co.,,1025Mkt.
BXl'ERIENCED: chambermaid : wanted at 321;
...Ellis rt.. Rosedale;. :.'.- .•.¦;-••,":.'..:' :. : :.
LADY with a child wanted for housework and
cooking at 319. Third st. .-..•¦".. ¦ •: ' : .
SMART young woman as assistant nurse in in-
stitution for children, $12 a month. 512 Minna.
STRONG girl, about 14, to take care of baby.
Apply 4168 Seventeenth st. ¦
TAILORESS wanted; steady work for good
tailoress. 2132 Mission st., between Seven-
teenth and Eishteenth.
.WANTED— A nurseglrl. 1216 Masonic ave.,
near Haight. : -. .
APPRENTICE on custom coats; paid while
learning. 657 Minna st., near Eighth.
WANTED— A. waitress at 207 Third St., Chicago
Restaurant. ...... • '•...:¦ ¦ •'.•.'.•¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦-
GERMAN or Swedish girt to assist In light
¦housekeeping; good home.' 328 Eddy st.
GOOD tailoress wanted: steady Jobl Apply C.
RAPHAEL. 2S22 Greenwich st:. .;. .'. :;¦¦ ,
WANTED— Middle-aged lady . to.- do \ general
housework. 5C3 Hayes et. ¦¦
WANTED— A young girl for light house-work;
German preferred. 1052 McAllister st. - .
WANTED- Good finisher on custom coats;
steady work. 55? A Minna St..,'.
GIRL for light housework; wages $10 to $12.
4 Bylneton ¦ st., off Webster, between- EUls
and O'Farrell. . ; '• •
WANTED— First-claj<s skirt hand, also -Jacket
finishers at HELLER & STOFFVS. 4S EUls.
GIRL for housework and assist In candy store.
30S6 Twenty-fourth st. ,. •¦••..•
YOUNG girl to take charge of baby; good
.home. 1SC6 Sutter. tt. . ¦:'.:.¦
GOOD tailoreg3 wan'ted.-Vsig^ Ellis st." ", '-.". •'••'
GIRLS •: ¦-"¦ ... \ GIRLS... . .I' '.\. GIRLS."
.•• Highest . wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on" LEVI STRAUSS & CO:'S overalls.
•v'Apply at once to MR. DAVIS;.".32H Fremont.
LADIES' wanted— To learn:. barber trade;, only
" requires 6 to 8. weeks to complete; day and ¦
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
' of city mailed -free.;- hairdressing taught In 4
. weeks MOLER'S. BARBER COLLEGE. 635
yciay.st." : ; . .. "-• . .'•" ¦:. "¦ . •"¦¦.'".••• : •'••¦•¦
A. BRIGHT woman, looking '¦ for * a • business
¦opening; must' use: good language and dress
I neatly-. . Box 1S43, Call p.fflce. ". ."¦ .'--'j<
WANTED^A .middle-aged woman for. general
¦ • housework. Apply at 717 M -st., cor. '9th ave.,
•.• South San Francisco." :'..••-•. • ;¦•
'PROTESTANT girl for- • general housework;
.good home; wages $1S. Apply 222 Dolores st., •
near Sixteenth. . , -. - .:'',•
TAILORESS. 'wanted.' as pants finisher. ' BV4
Kearny st.. room IS.
xti \V ¦< young ladles : to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. ,723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
' tlsements and ¦uhncrlptions has been opened
, at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m. -.>.-¦
A BRANCH cfflce for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been. established at 1096 Va-
¦ .lencla tt. ' '•• , . •."...' "¦' ¦.' . .
; .
!. . • .KELP WAXTEDr-JlALE.;.-.,-
A— MURRAY" & READY ....'Phone'." Main 6848
'....Leading Employment and Labor" Agents....
- '......... Want 7 a. m. Tuesday... ;.
C423 men for. various positions: wages from
;$120. $110. $100. $30. $55. $S0, $75. $65, $S0. $35, $.10,
$45. $40, $30, $23. $20. $15 per month and found;
6 stablemen. $30, $35,. $40 and: found: 27 black-
smiths, also some helpers. $2 75, $2 50 day, $30,
$45, $40, $ JO, $60 and found;' 3 -wheelwrights.
$2 DO, $2 day, $40, $50, $G0 and found; 3 coopers;
blacksmith, machine shop, city." $3 50 day; 20
haymakers, different good jobs, $1 25 day and
found ; 63 milkers, buttermakers. . $35. $30, < $25
" and found; 6 sheephcrders, $25 and found: 2$
chore men aod boys; 126 ranch, orchard, vine-
yard hands, $35; $30, ¦ $26, $20 and found; come
see lists; 65 laborers for mines, no experience
required, you'll; suit, $3-1 and found,- steady
: year round; 2G miners, ¦< single-hand and ma-
chine. $90 and $75; 36t laborers, teamsters, city
- and ' country ' Jobs, $2 75. " $2 50. $2. ¦ $1 75 day :
'.come see lists; gardeners, coachmen, farmers
; and^wives ,...........*...............;
Big wages— no experience required— for 25
strong, able-bodied laborers for mines; $60 and
. found; 30 muckers, large, gold ' mining*, com-
- pany .......% •••'' — ..........;.. .$73
Come. .'..."... V.We pay your- fares.. See
165 men, no experience required, anybody; will:
suit '.'that's you," to work In mills, ¦ woods,
yards, .'Wharves, .. etc., $26, . $30, - $35, $40 and
found;! band sawyers, screw turners, lumber
pliers; gang e<Jger men, tree fellers and fifty
other positions, $35; $40, $30, $60, ¦ $70, $30, $30
• and found : 156 tie-makers. . woodchoppers, $3
' $2 50.' $2. $1 75, $1 cord. 12c. 13c each, tools.
• etc.. ' found; for the other positions, come
down and read bill boards
! ..T...:.Y... ............ ".MURRAY* READY..
......;............. ...".634. and 636 Clay, street.''
A— HOTEL, Laundry.' Bakery and Other Dep'ts.
.39 cooks.. ...:$60,;$50. $45, $»0..$35.:$30. $25,fd.
.38 waiters... '.$40, $35, '$30. $26. $25. $20 and fd.
27 dishwashers*, porters, runners, bell and ele-
vator boys, $30, $26, $25. $20; $15. and found.
12 laundrymen.. ..$33. $30, $26 and found
9 second and third-hand bakers, ;also helpers.
$40 and '•¦' $20 and found ; bed ' maker," $15 and
found; hand Ironers. $33 and found; mangier.
$25. and found; nil around butcher, $30 and
.-'. ° MURRAY & READY. 634-6;6 Clay street.
A SHIP'S carpenter, Government "work; also
' painter,' Government work. ¦ : '
: MURRAY & READY, 634-63S Clay street.
WANTED— Neat boy. for our, otflce: must kno'w
the streets;; $4 per week. W. &-KWER&
.Co... 610 Clay st.
WANTED-^-2 : good , milkers for steady Job near
city; $30 and fare paid. ,W. D.;. EWER &
. CO.;; 610 Clay st. .,:-'¦
¦¦?. ::;:.:.~.;-:.:r:.. '..: .wanted ::.::......:.... •.:...¦
¦ 10 laborers . for. large sawmill company. | $26 to
: $40 per month and board,? free fare, -fee party
¦ here;.' stableman : for- gentleman's, ranch," $23
and''' board; ; boilermaker; ; country; shop,- $3 50
¦ ; per ' day and , free ' fare ; ; man to railk 6 cows
¦ and 'chore about ranch. $23' and Aboard ;:rniik-
- ers, '. $23 '• and ; $30; : blacksmith, small I country
shop, •- $55 "and -board; 'and .others. - W. ' D. -
; EAVER ; & CO.;^ 610 Clay. Bt.- 3 « .
BARBERS'' Progressive Union — Free employ-
, ruent. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel; Jessie 152.
HELP WASTED-MALES.
A— 500 MEN wanted to-day -•••-
Railroad work; long Jobs .'. $2 a day
Free transportation to the work. Apply to
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geaiy st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/S....104 GEART ST.
20 railroad laborers; company work; $1 i» a
day; free fare.
50 woodsmen, lumber pliers and laborers for
sawmills and woods; $26 to $35 and board;
. fare advanced. -
30 laborers, city and country, $1 and $125 a
day and board; 20 teamsters, city.- $1 day and
board: 20 farmers. $20. $25. $26 and $125 a day
and board; 2 boilermakers, $3 60 a day; 10
blacksmiths, $2 10 and $3 a day and $35 to $45
and board; 20 miners, $2 50 day: wheelwright,
ranqh, $35 and board; blacksmith, summer re-
sort. S10: 2 buggy washers, $50 and 160. C. K.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. /-,.
A — HEAD waiter: 5 waiters, country restau-
rant, $50; 3 waiters, country hotels, $25 and
•'¦$30; waiter, mine boarding house. $25; camp
waiter. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
SECOND cook for country hotel, $60; vegetable
.: cock, country hotel. $40; cook, private family,
$50; day cook. $10 week, and night cook, jS
• v/eek, for coffee house; fry cook, $60; second
cock. $60. city; 6 bakers* helpers. O. $30 and
$£>; 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands. $20. $25
and $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A COOK; broiler: city; at once. BUSINESS
WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st. ¦ -\.
A" MANAGER; retail business; experienced: in-
* terlor city: salary $60 per month. BUSINESS
-WOMAN'S CLUB, 927 Market st. " . .-. ¦
A JAP cook; city; at once. .'BUSINESS "WO-
MAN'S CLUB. 927. Market st. • . ¦ ./¦
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, dishwashers and all
kinds of hotel help to fill situations too nu-
merous to advertise; going wages.. Apply to
gj. F. CROSETT Agency. 623 Sacramento st. •'
3 MEN and wives for farms and private places,
$C0; men for woods and mills, $2 day anv-! in-
crease; milkers, farmers. laundrymen, team-
sters, machinists, laborers and many ' others
too numerous to' advertise; work for all who.,
want it. J. F.. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacra-
mento St. ,.:: > : .-: . ¦ ... ¦;. •-.'.-< '.
WANTED— Steady man, . satisfied with $18 per
week; must ¦ be able to keep plain, accounts
and assist in outside work; $100 cash required.
1016 Market St.. room 10. .-. ¦ . - • ¦ '¦.'.. ..-'.¦• ¦ "
BOY between 15 and 17 years for fruit '-.store.'
; 1217V4 Scott ; st. ¦¦:¦,¦¦ : .:'••¦ ;¦:¦,. r; --y^y^
YOUNG boy to -help tailor. I~ GLASER, : 612
•¦ Minna 'st: ',:•". /....' '. : '.¦:¦:¦¦ '''¦¦: .¦-..'. ¦':"'! '
DISHWASHER. 116H Taylor et;'.' : '"':>; ¦:^>- ' .¦¦'
SHOEMAKER on repairing: steady place for
gocd man. Apply Call office. ..•.¦".•.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Fillmore st;. near
¦ Turk..';.-..'-.: ¦¦•- -•"-. - ¦•-¦ ¦-¦¦•¦-¦¦ - . ¦¦ : r . .. •;
WANTED— Handy man for card writing -and
as a-slstant window trimmer. WEINSTOCK
& LUBIN, cor. Market and Taylor sts. ¦"' : ,¦ "¦.'
BOY to. work in shop; $3 a week to start; state
..age.' Box 3446. Call. .-¦¦".. - ¦-¦/;':¦:'¦.¦;,¦
BARBERS— Three chairs and complete outfit,
almost new, at a. bargain. 14J6 O'Farrell st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply, at REISS
..¦¦ BROS: & CO.. 24 Sutter st. ¦"¦-¦¦¦ -V" '.- ':'•'. ; ¦.'¦;": .-." -:
TAILORS and' pressers wanted; steady.work.
: ;238EUlsst. .../;¦ •.-..-¦ : -:-¦. ;". ' :¦ . .•'•'. V'- ' ',
GOOD bootblack for barber shop. 407. Bush
-.'.-Btrect. .'.•¦;.'-'¦•'•¦-'•-••.".¦¦;'¦:•..¦..:¦':..'¦'¦'•¦ :'¦•¦:¦ -
"WANTED— Lunch walterl ..-223' Brannan' at."
WANTED— Solicitor. Sanitary Carpet Beating
and Cleaning and Dyeing Co.. 342 McAllister.
FIRST-CLASS wheelwright; steady work. Ap-
ply 630 Broadway. ¦
BARBER, first-class workman, wants position
. in country or Oakland. Box 4579, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1416 Howard at.
BUSHELMAN and presser at 428 Ninth St..
Oakland; steady work.
GOOD barber for country: good wages; fare
paid. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh 'st.
GOOD barber; steady; early closing. 1 Spear
St.. near Market:
WANTED — A waiter in coffee-house ; able to
run it. 607 Clay st. --.-
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop. -103
Fourth «t. ¦
WANTED — Boy for hardware store; references
required; not under 15 years ase. Apply be-\
tween 9 and 12 a. m., 1346 Market st., off 7th.
EXPERIENCED driver. Sanitary Cleaning and
Dyeing Co., 342 McAllister st. , '
A SOLICITOR for merchant tailor. 1215 Mar-
ket st. • . : -
BARBER wanted, must be Al, at 12 Fifth st.
PRESSMAN wanted on pants. 734 Montgomery
st., room 1. .
BARBER shop wanted for cash; city or coun-
try; price not exceeding $600; must stand thor-
¦ ough investigation. Particulars STOLTZ. - 630
Market st. ¦ '
WANTED— Valet: Edward Langer preferred.
Address WM. I. PiXLEY. corner O'Farrell
and Powell sta.
WANTED— Parcel boy in wholesale fancy goods
house; state salary and references. Address
S. B.. box 1S64. Call office.
BUSHELMAN at PLANZ & SON'S, merchant
¦ tailors, 665 Geary St. . '. . .' .» ;¦:¦'", ' .'
WANTED— Recruits for • • the " United - ¦ States
Marine Cotps, U. S, navy; able-bodied, un-
¦' married men. of good -character, between the
."'ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than- 5 feet
.-•-. 4. Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height:
: must be citizens of the United States or per-
."¦ eons who have legally, declared their Inters
' tions to become citizens: able to read, write'
and speak English properly.- For further in-
•. ' formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
.-Office. 40 Ellis st.; San Francisco; • Cal.. or
.530 K st.. Sacramento.. Cal. ¦ • • '¦
BARBERS— Good-paying 10-cent shop and-. 8
baths; for Bale at a bargain. DECKELilAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis St. .- , .; ¦¦¦ •: • ¦•_•*
WANTED- Men and women to learn barber
trade: only two months required. GORDON
Barber College. 417 N. Main st.. Los- Angeles.
SMART industrial insurance collector and can-
vasser. R. RALPH. 405 Montgomery, ira. 6.
ALL size men's shoes, -slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 24 sts. .
BURNISHER wanted In DENNISTON'S S F
Plating Works. 652 Mission at.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; 'only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
Class; special inducements this season; only
institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. • MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. - -. .
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. . £62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
i .
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands-
all part* of world. HERMAN'S, it Steuart.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
"runs Denver House. 217 Third, st.: 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work^for his tuition
!n. barber school. 741 Howard st.
BOY 14 to 16: make htmself generally useful
¦ in factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: It
¦ —years" practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: readinsr room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the '•--<•.
LIN DELL Houee. corner Sixth and Howard—
P.r»nrn« 1S<» t^ 25c "•>- nl«»rif 7S<* tl *2 ner week.
HullM-..*-. I.IVt, SKllK. ICtr- l-'or sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
J27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
PULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
E0 HEAD fine draft and drlvlnr horses at 1(21
and 1618 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Hradr:
also some fine matched black teams.
FINE draft and driving horses constantly on
hand. Occidental ; Horse Exchange, 721-723
Howard st. ',':.*¦,
JUST received. 25 head of fine horse*, ranging
from 10(10 to 1400 pounds. 35 Dore St.. near
Folsom and Ninth. ¦
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st: Castro-st. ears pass the door.
• FOR sale— Fine, doctor's, team; < and 7 years
'Old. PALZTEL. vet. d»nt.. «05 Oolrl^n Gate av.
,V HOUSES TO LET. " .
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; It Montgomery.
TO rent — For the summer; complete furnished
house of • 7 ' rooms, bath, fine garOer.. pure
spring -water.' beautiful scenery; with or
-without use of barn. ; horses anil vehicles;' 3
miles from St. Helena; % mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel.; St. Helena. Cal.; also cottage
of 4 rocms; furnished or unfurnished.
$1COO— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; 2 lots and
! .ford,. Cal.'- KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary st.
$900— SUNN Y cor. ; 15 rooms ; neat and clean ;
clears $80 a month. KREDO & CO., 38 Geary.
1822 Pacific av.; 10 r.$S01Sl0 California; 7 r ..r->
2018 Buchanan: 9 r:r. 45' 301 Jones; 14 r. ;. 85
ELEGANT nunny house • near park ; 8 rooms
\ and bath. Corner of Haves and Devisadero.
MODERN house. 9 rocms and bath. $1*. i912
iWathlngton st.. above Franklin. .
POLK. 2309— A s one-story, five-room house to
- let. ¦ . . ¦ - . -
UPPER, part of building tt E29 Mission St.:
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES. '
MARION^GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
36 rooms. 5 blks. N. Mkt.: 23 boarders $1600
48 rooms; clears $140 a month J2500
SO rooms; N. Mkt.; rent $90; bargain $1200
10 rooms; S. Mkt.: rent ?20; full............ $150
U rooms. 4 blks. N. Mkt.; rent $50.. . . . . „ »600
6 of 18 r.; $550. $400. $1100. {1000. $1400. $500-
SELECTED list of good houses. 10 to 100 rooms;
prices. to suit all; money loaned buyers at 2
per cent. SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market
st.. rooms 1 and 3.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 10J6 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS
23 rooms, near Market St.. reduced to $6j>0
TiJ rooms, corner. A No.- 1- furniture. ..'... .J1000
47 rooms, rent only $75: on Sutter st J2S00
55 rooms, fine corner, part cash, only $1600
IF 5'OU wish to buy good and cheap SALOONS
in good location gee BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
IF you wish to buy good and cheap SALOONS
- In good locations see 'BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
CAimi AGES : AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts. . harness,
etc., cheap. EA PAN & SON. 2117 Mission at.
SEff'4 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING' out. half cost. 100 sets harness, JCO
wagons. 1140 Folsom tt., near Eighth.
'¦"v''- : ". .:•"-. :...•¦ CAPK NOME.;. ,.,-• " ,•¦¦
FOR SALE.'.-' -.' .; • ' "" :" • - -
.The steamer Cella: a good steamer for Cape
' Nome business: Just off the ways at Hay &
'"Wright's shipyard. Alameda; length 116 feet.
.' beam 29 feet, gross tonnage 2S1.45. W. H.
... HIGH. NW. corner of Broadway and Twelfth
;. St.. Oakland. Cal; ¦¦ ¦ .'; . ¦ •.-.., ¦ ";' - - -
PARTIES'..' wishing ' to obtain • stock -in: the
•: Alaska and Cape Nome Company, or informa-
tion regarding:, same, can apply to W. B3.-
VBARNAKD, secretary', Examiner building. 8.
..' ¦ F,i'-' room 20?.-'cr -.1113 Broadway. Oakland. •¦ '¦ .
ONE room- t' berths;- ladles' . room: 6 berths.
¦ gents: center steamer Tacoma ; May -21; $100;
. baggago and freight $10. Call on MRS.. H..
4M302. Twelfth ave.. East Oakland;' .;;.'. . -. .
THE Bllckonsderfer Typewriter Is; especially
• adapted; dt!rabie;.-.portable, reliable, practical;
- : -.y»<Q-.V'-.M7.gu.t't«T.-!»t:'.;-' ¦••• ¦¦•¦' ••"•• •'•-¦- ' ¦¦;¦'¦¦.''¦':¦•"¦¦ ¦
CAlil'KT itKA'i'l.NG-. ".ANIi^ CLKA>I>tJi : -
W1IFN -youbecorne disgusted:; with ''-poor- work'
. send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
¦ iving-Worka. :t&3-357 Tehama: st,;. tel. S.-.40.' ; -.
J.E. MITCHELL Carpet VUeatlns and Reno-
:¦ yati ng Co:. J40 14th: st. : tel. Mission 74. . : . ¦:
CITY Carpet-beating: Works. O. H. ;
.. : STEVENS., mgr.. .38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
;'.;' 4S3. Stevenson st.li tei. South 228.: lowest rates.
CARPKTS cleaned at 3c per. yard: laid at 40.
STRATTON' S. . 3 Eighth St.: tel.-' Jessie 944. . :
; ADVANCE Carpet Cleaninur Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
:>•: telll' Main 3S4. GEO. ...W ALCOM; proprietor. '
CON KLIN'S Carpet- beatln* Works. 333 . Golden
¦¦¦Gate ave. : telephone East 126. ¦-;.:¦¦¦¦'¦¦:¦¦
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTioi^Trrrr/rr^ ¦
, : ; '¦ : : ; : t MKS. DR; A.' D. - HOWE.'. ¦':.:.¦ vv.- .-.'.".
<a"? : ; V:-The' World's Mfst .Famous-Medium :.: '.
and Clairvoyant. ;. ... -.;-,-.'• ':• .-: '.- • . ¦ ¦.:.;
:' v -:'-'V,"-;":'-:;---.'V:.:V •;-;--S/to' the -Grave.- ¦¦ ¦¦. v ,<-'••"".: • -i '*.?-. "¦
>VvJ'/-..- Every. Hidden Mystery : Revealed. ...--.¦:•. - ;
. : - ..:. ,:.. . .;; ; To trie SlckVESDecially .-.-- -:-' * '.- ;; • 7' ¦
Her. assistance vis ¦¦ Her -"Revealed
¦Medicines;^ "registered ; and: : copyrlghted.:-.cure;
all 'diseases :on 'earth.'-, consumption/ paralysis,,
rheuniatisirv, : : :all.v skin diseases.: . heart :'-..-. and
nervous affections. ; The- wonderful cures which
she =' has made : are. the talk of ; the . yr hole slope.
..-.¦;...-.¦:¦,:,;. V .~V .;¦;.;¦:,-.;: WRITER- •?'. .'•"¦':•; ¦¦¦•".•'¦¦ • '•' ' >-
If tou . cannot call, 'for thousands upon thou-
Ba'rids have: been, made rich., happy and healthy
without ever havtng come to see this wonderful
woman. .'¦•'¦ Consultation by mall is always suc-
'cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential. :'•
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D, HOWE.
:.¦ Of nces removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
ave., East Oakland, Cal.— - : ¦;.-'. . .-¦ • -. • .; ¦
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off. at Clinton -Sta-tlon.. second station from
IBrcadway..!;.'.' ; .-.¦:• '•' '
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
'¦¦. rult ; medium: the luckiest and truest on tne 1 "
coast; readings 2T.c. . 15S1.' Market st it . near
..¦^Twelfth: specimens., mall. BOc. .•,;..;,. ',¦¦-.¦ ¦
M.ME : YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
! : . 605 McAllister st.i:' 10c;; come. : skeptics. ¦';'.; . ' '.
MEPA HOSKINS. spiritual medium; :1423> Mar-
..ket. bet..30th and 11th; clr:., Mon.... S p.-. m. .;.
MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetic medium;
sittings. $1; clr. Frl.. ! p.m... 25c. 233 Valencla.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
mpiilnm.' I!f<» ren<1»r: Blttlnc. tl. 11M Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
MKS. DR. CLARK. T~~ " """ ¦ ¦ :': y k
. THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 206 TURK.
• May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
•' -entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
the will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost
affections; unite the seoarated: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life, while In a perfect trance ;
. satisfaction guaranteed by mall. '- .' . -
Send stamp for clrrular. with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk St.. near Jones;
:,. hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Tally. ;
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
'; future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
¦.¦•secret; shows picture future husbend or wife;
'. fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; tips
."', on races. 1167 .Market st.y bet. 7th and 8th. -.
MME: A. CERVANTES, the-' Celebrated Spanish
• fortune, teller:' gives -'.- best. advice tn difficult-
' .matters.,- 19 Fulton St., ¦ near Larkln. ¦ -'•:' -' : .
MISS MELVILLE, kreat .clairvoyant and "water
reader; German -spoken;. 921*4 Mlsslon,op.'-.Mlnt.-
MME HANSON^-Pnlmistrj'i.card reader; past,
prei?ent. future;. .25c. '.148. Sixth, st. room;12.'- •¦
MME. AUGUST," Clalr*oyant?i card-'reaaer. and
I palmistry, 25c;. truth' or:no;pay.. : 1149 Mission."'
MME. ZEREDA of . B Seventh st:;.- original
g>T«y life reader; readings 35c;. no sign. ¦¦ •
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant. - card reader:
sittings, dally. - 212H Sixth. st.\- ; -.: : ' . ".. • .-. ..; ..
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given;. 25c up. S Fourth st,;' -
MME. SYBlLLE-^Cra«il« to grave: future hus-
band's plcUire. 2. r .c':.' ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. i
CHEAPEST, and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, . sent to any addr<»ss; : in the'
United States or Canada, one-: year for •¦$!,'
postage paid. ¦ •• • ; ¦' ""¦,: :•.-;- ¦¦'. . ..
: '...-¦ .COLLECTION OPP1CI5S. T-.
GEORGE W.. KELLY'S Agency: ho charge un-'
leys Bucceysfijl. Room .310.. -?27 Market st." '. .'
..-. -. " COTTAGESA'l'O 'LET. .:.!•• •;;:;•, :•,'.
; COTTAGE' 4[ rooms; large yard. '- 214 Colllng-
s •¦ wood' -st... between Nineteenth". and Twentieth;
i COTTAGE 6 rooms ' and ,bath; : fine view;- rent:
j $35. 1323 Washington et.,. near Jones.- "¦••,.'.:.¦•
110— COTTAGE: 3 sunny rooms; yard." 134 Rose
ave.. between Gough and Octavla. - .'• :
Di2.\TisT«. ¦ -; ¦" . • . ¦ ; ,
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 327
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
j chloroform ; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the runi<; the best and most artistic dental
! work at reiisoniible prices: pure gold fillings
! from tl up: other rillir.cs from COc; badly de.
! cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
! crowned without pain;, plates that fit from
$4 EO up; open evenlnss'and Sundays. .'¦¦-
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5;. a
, full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; - teeth
: without a plate; crown and bridge work our
:¦ specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted ¦ for 20
years, fllllncs. COc; crowns. S3 E0: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st. •-. . r ¦
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bid?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 00 up; platec, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 0 a. m.. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
- p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrcll St.. ex-
tracta and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
1 derful tecret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $S; received: 8 first
• Prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold -crowns. $3: • new
methods in brldire work: fillings. -gold. $t up;
silver. 50c: painless extraction, SOc; gaa gives.
. New York Dental Parlors. 909 Mission, cor.eth.
Dn. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. llth-No
charge for extractinc when plates ara made;
old plates made over -like new: teeth from $8
per set: extracting.. COc: gas_ given.
IDEAL gold fllllngr, inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten iruarantee for 5 yearn; plates. ¦ $3 : : cro-wns.
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental ! Parlor, 255 Kearny, * cor. Bush—
,FuH set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk ; painless
«xt.. crowns, .bridjre work: open ; Sund.. till Is."
VAN VROOM— "Painless'.* ; evenings and Sun-
days. - 1001 Market st.'. corner : Sixth. .- -.-
SET of ' teeth without plate. DR. . H. Q.
young; 1841 Polk st. .-'•¦.-. ::,;:, ;
A WEEK'S newti for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦ It paces. In wrapper. fr»r mailing. *l.ner year 1 .
-DOG" HOSPITALS. Sv : ~~~
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. ; mange cure and 'worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dor hospital.
110 Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
_ : for contagious diseases. . ¦ Telephone ; East 1 2S7.'
DR. BUZARD'S Pogr Hospital. Post. 1 Fillmore^
-Advice and medicine 75c; city -visits $1 CO; all
| animals treated; dogs boarded. .Tel. West 6M.
«A\ FR.AXC1SCO CALL.
ErSTNEPS OFFICE of the San FranclBCO
Call, corner of Market and Third street*. op«n
trr.tll 12 o'clock every nltfht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-C27 Montsomery street.
eomer Clay; open until S;30 p. m.
SO0 Hares street; open until 9:33 p. m.
«S9 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C13 Larkin street; epen until »:30 p. m.
ZUl Mlsrion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
TXl Market itreet. corner Sixteenth: open
vr.lll 9 p. ci.
JM Eleventh etreet: open -until 9 p. m.
JttX Valencia street: open until 9 p. in.
113 Polk etreet: open until 9 p. m. i c
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tacky ttreett; open until 9 o. rn.
MECTI.\G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter JCo. 5. It. A. M.. jft
ulll meet THIS (TUESDAY) E\ EN;
ING. May 1st, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated TtX
mectins and M. M. degree. By order of / v \
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec. .
GOLDEN Gate Lodre No. JO. F. and • •
A. M.— Stated tneeiinc THIS (TUES- _**-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. -, VLj\
¦ GEO. J. HOPE. Sec. ¦ W
PACIFIC Lodce No. i*6, F. and A. M.. \ 4: '•"
121 Eddy et.. will meet THIS DAY-fV,
(TLTSDAY). at 1 p. m.. to attend the/^^T
funeral of our late brother. JOHN P- ]"¦ .
BLUNT. M«LFt^r Maeoits are Invited. ¦;.•...-••"
GEORGE PENL1NGTON. Secretary.'
PACIFIC I»dge No. J35, F. and A. M.. . » '.
121 Eddy Ft.— StateJ meeting THIS
KVEN1NG at I o'clock. . V >Uk
P GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec,. /.V.> !
ORIENTAL Lodce No. 144. F. and A: • .
M.— Stated meetlns THIS <TUES-_*\^-
DAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. Vjf
A. S. HCBBARP. Bee. Y\T>
PAKKSR Lodce No. 124. I. O: 6. Y
V.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) 3253§£i ¦
" V. f. NORTHRUP. ?f. O;-'-!-"^^*^^:!/
blVISION~Nc. 2. A. oTS.-The recu!*r j
monthly meeting of, this fiiri6:on will r^v.f A
b* held at H:i*raia Hall. 120 Ninth :
. etreet. on TUESDAY. M*y 1. ISOt fQ£fy 'I
¦ at 7:20 p. m. .' Nomination of offloers *;^ c *'.!
lor er.suins" term ¦ will ..be' ta-.- order' at. .this j
meeting: Every' member should .attend,'..- "'"-.:". •¦•¦ :
. ¦"--¦.-¦ ' BA BTtY: LEE. President; 3 . .1
T. L.' CLANCY,- :Secrnary:' v. J : . ' : - : ''; -y'."'.;;j y.V-../'
MAT-DAY <?clebrati'on— A rr.Sfs^meetlnK'wlil be
. held. in MetropoKtan I'emple tl*.t:l at ? p. in.. :)
•> ' In' celebration bt Interaa-ttor^il.-. Labor, ¦pay: ;
-.: first-class • music c^^d Fpeakers. .-;-. adrcls^ :.froe.- 1
. ANXVAL rr.eeiinsv-The renjlar annual -..meet--
¦ . -.ir.g of jrtoc.khr.idera.cfthe Hutchirison SuKar
' ; - riantaticn Cotppknr. trn! be held ar the offlce
.": of the coTapftr.y. '.-SS7- Market ft., San T"ran-
»-i»co. Cat^ on Tuesday.. ihe Sth day of ;llay.
It 00. ot the hour, of 11 a. rn.; lor :t he purpose :
Of elect'npa; board .nf'. directors to serve for.
.-.- the er.fuinx year and tlie 'transaction «jf.-«uehV
¦;'. other busSnM>s as may come, befbre the meet--
Inr. Transfer., books, will ctoee. on ' Friday.:
April IT. !!/¦». at S p.. nt-:" '¦'¦¦:" '¦':¦:': S: r'.-'-:-':-.-~'' =
'"¦-. H. TV. THOMAS. Acting Secretary. ,
.¦' : 'AGE\TS ' WAXTE-p/j--;:;^"*/,: 1^
(AGENTS— You will secure best :huBtlers In
email V.'eFttm towns, by advertising in "Mail
' Order llor.fhly.". -St.- Paul. Minn.: <ruaranteed
. ¦ drculat4pn- iTi.OCO; rate,- 6c'per word);' results j
¦will surprise you. ...'¦.•:.'"•.'•'">•;?¦.¦¦:''.-• ~" ' '-¦ -¦!.-¦¦•¦-.-'
. A LIMITED -rjurhber of women capable of Inter-;'
e*tir.g capital are requested to call at room
13. sevemh: floor. .•Mi.ltebuildine.i ¦-•;¦'; - '^ -,-v.".;
ACTIVE, enerjretic men of good address .and
-. ability to -solicit; .steady work. -good • wages
. ¦ and rapfd advancement. \.91« Market, room 42,
GOOD thine:-' -ladles 'or .' refitlemen: city or
country. Crown Studio. 1140 Market et. ¦ '": ¦
2CXPERIE5CCED buildinp and ; loan agent*.
RfK'n 140C. Claus FpreckeU building. ¦¦¦;¦•¦ :¦;
¦¦'. "'.; •,'¦ asthology. '¦¦ : '-'v'..:'Y'' ";\
J'ROF. A. MAFERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
ogist and : palmist in the world; satisfaction
iruarante«^d. 15 Powell et.
ATTOK.NEYS 'AT UW. • . .'.
ADVICE free: dl\-orce law a epeclalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law, toi Market, cor. Stocktn.
XV. A. ?. NICHOLSON, attorney at law; tele-
phone Pavis 234. 410 Kearny st, ;..:/•'. • v:-:''.;- ¦
ADVICE fr*^: no chanre unless successful.'. T(V
W. HAVIDSOX, S27 .Market St.; opp. Ma»on.
F. H. MERZBACH. att3rftey at. law. has re-''
sumed practice at COS Cal. . St.. Ounle bldg.
L. S. CL-\RK. Emma. Frreckel* bldg.. ?27 Mar-
k« <rt. : mnFultatloT. free; n" fees in advance.
n\TH CAIIIXET — IIOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBINSON Ji 4-paoel folding; door opens firm
»nd tafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, net.. 4i» Ellis.
BELGIAN HARKS. ;¦
i-CALIFOP.NIA. BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION" OF ALAMEDA, CAL.,
Hare the largest collection of IMPORTED
and HIGH CLASS Animals in the world,. Our.
ctud is led t>>* • ¦-.• •- .* *- .'¦¦ • ¦ ¦ >•-.-• - •
"WANTAGE FOX" (Score: 96).-: r ¦ .."
fcr whom more money was paid than any.
other Belgian Hare en ea.rth: ¦'.¦¦•.:'¦"'¦:¦¦¦•.¦¦.' .
•'CHAMPION DUKE OF. CHESHIRE," X
England's latest champion' and wianer of 13
first prizes and gold medal in JCngland-.r- ;-.. v •
Special Announcement..- - =. . ' -¦-¦¦:¦
We wi'.l. on January 1st. 1S01. pay Five Hun-
dred Dollars <$'.«) in Gold Coin- for the best
•peclmen «ireS. by our "WANTAGE FOX" out
of any Doe bred to him after April 24th. 1900.
Ccmprf.tcrs for prize to select the Judges.:. .-••.^.
(Signed.) - ¦• ' '¦: ¦ '. ; . ¦' : -.'¦ ¦-' : :'•••:
"CAi^IFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
V.> car fill your orders for any kind : of an
impcrted or domestic ariimal -of 'every, popular
strain known, end at csr.Eiactory prices. ¦
Call ur^s cr address •* .:•-'.'¦ ¦¦¦¦''¦' •' .'-•¦ - :
-CALIFORNIA UELGIAN BARE ASSOCIA-
TION." ." - ¦ '.'. \ ¦ ¦'- ¦-.•'.' . '•' .' '. '¦:¦.¦ ¦ :¦: - -¦'¦ .¦'¦;';
\lVb»ter-*t- Station, Narrow-gauge - Railroad,
'. '-¦• -',•:.?-:;•• •. Alameda,- • Cal. ..
GEO. A. TOrNG. Manager. ., ¦"." --..¦' '¦¦ V
BELGIAN HAR5 LUN'CH. '¦'-•¦:¦ - ; :
THE PACIFIC BELGIAN HARE CO,,
E. V. CAMPBELL & . CO.
On Saturday. ¦ Ma y 6. - will open " business at.
' ' their oew headquarters with a sale commenc-
ing at 9 a.' ra., which wljl con6jst of : some
choice Btoclt. both -fancy and heavyweight
strains. '•' .'."' *-"
Ikws. bred and unbred, and does with. litters. '
Our Mr. Campbell has be»»n in Los Angeles,
arra.ngir.g a «c-cor.d carload of .Belgian* for
this sale from cur_ model rabb!trj'. Note a
ievf c! our Irg^f-rs:* ;. ¦"'-¦ ¦
DUKE OP EDINP.ORO. . •" .' :
Onir imported buck -iioiaing first-prize cer-
tificate at exhibition' he!4 at Lo«" Angeles.
EXGUKH ffURPniKE; YOUNO FASHODA:
LOR1> JiKlTAIN" JR.; SIR STTLES Jit.;
BANIJLT.Y CHIEF.
' Rerr.err.'>»r Uiat we are not selling out and
¦ retiring, but remain. behind all sale*.-
Headquarters formerly »t 713 East Ttrelfth
Ft.. <">akJ»ir<i; now remm-eii to >«. W. «virner j
Blt^>*om ft. and Frultvale iv«., Fruitvalo. 1
Takfc bro;«d-Rai pp end etreet care and trans-
fer to Fru:tvale- avenue cars. !
Lunch served free. , 1
AT F. H. MASON'S. 1710 Everett St.. Ala- I
* tneda— "LORD ESSEX." imported, fee $20:
"Teddy Roosevelt." winner first prize Lo»
|>ne*iee. fe« J:S;' "Dandy Sty!«." own eoa !
cf "Sir Fty!i»K." fee $15: "Britain Prlnc#,"
:vn *~.n ot "Lorf Urltalc" and "Avalanche."
it* tl£: "General WtBhlnrtcn" (heavyweight),
ron cf "Star Buck," fee $1?: d<-»s bred to
three buck* frcm $19 up: ciosed Sundays. .
THK largef-t and bert-equlpped rafcbltry north
cf Lcs Angeles; Imported n?ig:an hare?:
wholesale and retal!; faEhlonnble ttra'.nn of
imjTorted tucks anrt- dees always en hand;
nurf* does; a full !:ae,of rabbitry supplies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
r^-CU GcK'-n Gate H\e.. S. F.; tel. South
ICl. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprlet or.
ti-TiionorGHEnED Belgian iiahes— ».
We cfTer fcr quick rale a shipment of Lord
Britain rtraln at II. each, $10 pair; other
rtrains from TZ up. KENAVOOD HABBITRY,
K:C Fourt*eBth ft., Oakland, adjoining C:ty
IiaH. " .*• ,
ATTCN'TION-TREMOST BELGIAN HARE
CO.. riJ4 Fiilmore si.. Ran Francisco, Cal.
Berd € cents in stamps for book on care and
JVr-dir.* The cheapest and best treatise on
tfce subject. .
SALESROOM for the taurrl Dell Habbltry of
Salinas. Cal.. at the Montgomery Market. 735
MarkPt rt.: tser.t* for the Meadow Brock
IJrlirian liare Compacy rt Ijo* Angeles.
%\TIV Is it thore r.'ho purchase of the Eureka
ncfcbltry reccir.mrr.d ethers? We handle the
best and our price* are rcas'abli;. 1C1?A Turk.
FOIt »:»!e— Pedlcrpp''. Ilelyian h«res; from tl
upward. KARKCT-FT. RABBITRT, W. C.
BnKTHAM. proprietor. 1S2Z Market tt.
ItO?n>tn::T P.abbitry. 26 Maple court, off 14th
Bt.. Kbove Guerrero-7-nreedlriK does J12 hi) up;
youngftors U up; large etock; finest 'strains!
rr.KIGP.nni> does »-ith litters and young does.
J2 up: «-xpi-WFace i»«!d. \V. K. ADAMS. 741
pnuth l!«:n mt.. Lo« Ar.«r»le*. Cal.
MAJ?COT RAKBITRT. 4r7 gutter at.. S. F. Fine
pedlsrcc-d stock guaranteed; at reasonable
rriccs; f*n'ice. Jii and $25.
THi: I'nclnal Ilafcbltry, Haslett t Bew, 122J
Grand tst.. Alameda.; correspond. Kollclted.
UOAUUINU l'OU' CUlL»Ki:.V.'
YOUNG couple would* like to take.charge of
little pirl as companion to their daughter; $10
month. <1 Julian ave.; near Fourteenth et,
1:oai:d for one or two children in German
family: gunny yard. 4a Minna st. .
BOOKS— «B\V AM) OLD.*
KICHOOL BOOKS, hwght and exchanger
»f»l«».-^orV rn.. 7»t V<»«!*n »t. n»»r ThtM.
BOOT AM* t-llUi: I1AUGAL\!>.
BAKOAINB. ladier and. children's shoes: drum-
mtn* aamples mft- cost. Kohlbecher.' la 4 th.One of. the most remarkable social rje
velopments of these latter: days, is ¦ the
evolution of the mature, heroine of! fo
xnance^ this pcist was:/ allotted
t6 the young eitl or the youngr- marrred
woman.- In :.th.o'se'..- times, moreover, the
adjective- youth- -would not -have b-303
applied to the miiden who ftad passed her
twenty-fifth ye*r. and only in the spirit
of the grossest flattery to the matron who
had seen her three decades. It is typical
of the : age that .' this explanatory note
should be necessary; K<rw the expression
"yoiing" is purely relative. The period of
rrilddle age. has. .been -entirely abolished.
Where almost everybody is younger than
somebody el?e, it is only the. few who are
rrotid of their extreme antiquity who can
be regarded iwith (any degree of. certainty
a? old: -Ar 30 the srirl. of. to-day no lonser
retires/ on tb.e shelf is:. a failure, to pass
tbe rest Qf her life in tbe humiliating po
sitibn'of the .maiden.: aunt ..who devotes
herself to -the' children, or. revenges herself
bo- the poof.;- She-is : merely ' preparing to
Ftart <m : £. rifcw phase of life .wjth .a more
definite plan! and a clearer vision. Aery
pftea she-jmarries. and begins -afresh at iv.
Sornetimes she- -has- been: known to ba- »Q
greatly airing as to enter: on matrimony
for : the:first time -when, she has. passed
her' fif det; n ' y? ar - For-: the. matron the
Tinge isf-"e.vpn more :ex.tehded. At SO she Is
quite a:y6ung thing— gay.- frivolous, skit-
Ush.v. to ' whom :«>ciety-and : - flirtation are
the ihlef Jobjects in life.. Ten years more
bring ;lieri to ber prime: . It is the period
bt ¦ fascination, of adyenture. of impulse.
The woman of 40. is capable of.anythins.
She is. the ; object6*. the wildest plans, the
tenter at- the. most daring romance. At
Id she is probably marrying for the sec
ond time. -Three-score will find, her ap
proaching- the oltar for her third weddinn.
and if she lives long enough she may even
reappear at . a later date to brins her
record up to four.— London World. V--.-
She la : : No irfinger Belef^ited to the
...h:-; ¦;¦'-} Shelf : After^ Thirty^ . ,-i ;
the : girl ; of; to-day.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Gay, : Sacramentp •¦•• :J Osrren. X T
C Wilson Vallejo .... 1 R • C Cadogan. Chicago
A H Harris. Seattle "j'G Harlow. Madera .
J C Murray, AiamedaU E Hall. St Paul
J Hamilton, Fresno - ! N A McDonald. Napa
F Carstensen; Cal .. |F B Colver. Loa Ang
J' Kln'e. San :Jose ..•. -D--W. Jay * w. Cal .
j'L Barr. Chicisro ¦••• ¦¦" : A J Duffey. Monterey
W- Toung. ¦' Chicago- r IBJishcr, Stal Crux .
GRAND HOTEL
E G. Hurnphrey&w, Cal;P Johnson, Sonora- •
D : B Hemastead t w, J. MeCudden. Vallejo
Salt Lake :••¦ GW Dwinell. Montague
H X Chesbra, Seattle |J H Donnelly. Chicago
R E Bevan & w, Cal I O B Pratt Chicago
S E Arnold. Chicago . }J "White. Chicago
XV Dolan. Cal |C E Henry. Chicago
J Bell, Ben Lomond |J O<»strieher. Nevada
W H Barr>". Courtland H Wright. Cleveland
Miss M Anderson. Cal |Th Schmidt. NT '
E Everson, Cal - JMrs Barnard. Moltne
W S Tinning. Martinez Mrs J B Lent. Eureka
E Dinkeisplel. Suistin {Mrs B Foster, Eureka
H Corrotn. Cal )DH Jackson. Placervl
W H Murphy. Palo Alt;N V. Frossate, Placervl
H E King, Butte . ;Wa Koch. Cal : , •
R M Wilbur. Portland >S J Fare. Cal . .: '
A H Hart. N Y V. : |H C Ray. Visalia ,'.- ,¦
J W Newkirk. PortlnJG W Farnlss. Boston
E Marx. Portland -)O Brown. Cal
PPage.XT ¦>. : ¦ •'." FS Goodwin &w. XT
Mrs X Wines, Cal .:':¦¦ J ti: Read. Sacramento
J Archer/ Silinas . . !G W ChurchiU. Ill
F Phillips &w, Chicago OJ Johnson t: w. Sac
C H Eddy & w, Nev ]WN Ketchum. Chicago
Mrs F W Hubble, LAG Buell. Stockton
C W Jackson * wlfe.-VV J Doherty. Bakersfld
¦ Eiouz City - :'• .' •' ¦"-¦ •'¦ tL AXunan & w, d D
PALACE HOTEL.
W. G*bring •*.«•¦;• 'Oh.lo i.iVMrs'EyTje. ;Mehlq-. Park
P.Wadsworth, Pa .: :' f lli'S.-.Eyre;' MenlO'Pk >:
F.'Plminick.'- p^nve;r".'.Vvi Ca'ptVH.; Orass."-.. U:.' : 'S:.-:N
G -'J.-'Mattalspa,- tJenvef f.A C^JaGkaoh;' •¦¦'Alaska"
S"B."Welch; JSVMatoo : 'A P Edwardv Stanford
Mrs '.Trescott.. Portland C- P-McColnii: .NV T'-:'.
g ¦:R--5cbwartx,. NT- ;-::.'¦ Ml« A- P Sarnpsori.X T
F -Wrld Jr. X>t>enVer a H Bamoson Jr; N...Y
R A- Ballluger . & w. '• C- LoverinKi- N T ; V"v.;
: Battle ":-.-.--'. . :.• *¦•.':¦ G;LoTerinr. ; N Y-'--- •.-/;.
H \VGoode *:w'.-Oi; . E ; JF*'.RawIe/.PWla:': -
MissiOopde.. Or- -•:"¦.::¦'.:•".• D 8/ Jordan.. Stanford;
J M : Hannaford. Minn Miss K C Baldwin. NT
O.W Biillngs.Pasadena A B Chandler * w.NT
T Flint.. Jr:.& w.-eal'.-'-fR? J Beatty, - Pittsburg
E Chambers,: Los Ahjc- JO B. 'W'eed. US A : , .
C F Craver,: Chicago. : F Peach; U 3 A : : -\
D W Burrows,. Chicago' J.TVCatly & w ; Londa
H J SmalJ, Sacramento' j:A White. Boston ¦ ¦
D F Warnock. Chicago W A Brewer. S Mateo
K W Brown. Chicago ij D Phillips; S Diego-
D Keith. Salt Lake ;O H Taylor, Denver
Etta Keith. Salt LakeiG H Rickard »l w. Cal
Lillie Keith. Salt Lake C S Williams «; w.USN
O E Babcock i w. Cal G W Mentz It w.U 8 N
Mies Edwards, Cal' '•'-.¦ La' Radel b. w.. Conn .
A Kautz 4 w. U S NfMrsrR "W Merryinaa,
L M Garrett. U S N : : 1 Wls ¦ ,. , • '• . '¦¦¦:
DA Keller *: -w. Ky. (Bertha Merrycian. Wis
Mies Keller. Louisville A L, Levlnsky, Stktn .
Miss Thompson. LoulsT.I. : .'.. ' . :•.¦:", -..- ¦
HOTELS ABBIVAM^
THE SiVN FRANCISCO CALL, TTJESDAY, MAY 1, 191)0.
11
NEW house, "near university-, 9 rooms.- • batS.
'etc-': • complete;. In every particulars- very nc-
¦cessible.r Fcr eale 'by. MASON & SlcLENA-
-..T.HEN.-3ClJ<Jtnlnr PostortSce, Berkeley Station:-
. R.XETT S;;? < - 'No. 1»64)-Fur-
:;\ri:u^^':rmvr;'«^»e8^|giaBle;v;aIsp;.vr;'nirrilshed.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE--ril8 BROADWAY.
NUMBER of .la:ri:e sunny rooms for gentlemen;
¦ S10. to S35;.call for lirt. SIS Examiner bldg.
OAK. lUr-^-Eunny newly furnished front bay-
¦ window room; ras; bath; private family.
OAK,- 385— Larse front room, nicely furnished,
¦: with' private family; bath and eas; cheapt . .-
POVTELL. Ill— Light; cleaa, comfortable rnss.:
.suites cr-slcrles; runnlns water; ras; reas.
O/FARRELL. a^Bunny furnished rooms and
• offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
rnoposALS.
¦ If :deceas'ed-was. a member-'O?" !ANT '.ORGAN-
IZA'tlON harlr.|r..a presidini pfflcer.aBd' secre-
tary;.:: th».i.chars-e for •' cremation, '''a •.copper:' re*
eeptacle.vf pr • the 'ashes and.'orgran'.service Is S30.
The"san3e-.for...rnerobers- -of his : - family^ :•>•.'¦¦';• '-'
¦ ¦;. GEORGE: -R;' : FLETCHER. : Superintendent.'
fan. \FR^-.CT.sq0;>v California;
Odd : 'jH\l$w£ji f eme]ferj v isisociatioo,
GRE^YV^VrTlON.
SHERMAN Apartment Bouse, 28 Eighth St..
: near Market— Famished and unfurnished.
TO let— Nice sunny front rooms for offices and
. also furnished rooms: very cheap. Apply at
rooms 11 and IS, 18 Montgomery st.
¦WANTED — F'u'Tiirtied.'.or onfurniehea room, by
German family, where they .would take care
of and board a baby; must be near or arnjind
Sixth and Howard Mi-. ' Apply 2M Sixth st.
ROOMS WAITED.
BAD tenants ejected for U: collections made:
city or country. • • PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co- 415 Jiontjomery -st.. room? 9- ID; teL '6680-
LADIES— Chlchester's EneJIsh Pennyroyal Pills
are tbe ¦ best: safe, reliable: , take no other:
•end 4c stamps for: partienlara. '• "Relief for
L«diee." in letter by return -mail: at drug-
¦Vsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel. t Pa.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
-.'. ; -,-vDIEp--;.;.-r '•;¦¦. .'-).
Blunt. Joha P. ' Lyons. Thomas - ";'•
BrtgrRT-. Mrs. E. t. MeKee. Josenh L. ¦
Burke. OUv«r J. • • f Catheriae
UNITED UNDERTAKERS;
':.• n. and" » Fifth st. ' TeL South '*.%:.
rDKESAL DIKECT0B8 ISO, EMBAXJUSS.
7 ¦: Finest Equipment at Uoderat* Rates.
• (Successors to Flannaran & Gallagher), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8.
• ¦¦¦» Fifth st.. . onposlte Lincoln. School; .
¦-.-'• ...•'..-•. j Telephone. South 80. . .- . • ¦
HEN R Y J- GALL AGH ER CO.,
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT; LINE
• : . FROM : •" ¦_-' : , .. ; . °
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Loais
New York iind New Englind Points.
, Finest- Vhiouch train seryice. withl polite and
courteous, employes. . Stpp-cJT : allowed at' the
Falls. • ROSS C CLINE. P. C. P. Ast_
."¦."• ' •¦• ..}'• '¦ Los Aaseles, :CaI. '
C S. CRANE. G. P. A»t..
::¦::¦•• "¦'' ,' : -¦•• ¦•St-.Louia. Mo. _;
BRAUN^BRETER— In * h!s city, April. IS.ISOO,
by th» Rev.. J; "H. Pchroeder,. Phillip Braun
aitd . Manraretha Breyer.*; . . : .
COHNREilCH-^-LtrVyTrln thU -city.: . Anril 13,
•-13W.- by the -Rev. M.-S., Levy, Eugene R.
Cohnreich and.:MiIdred A. Levy, both of Eaa
. Francisco: •;¦•'.:::" .?''' ¦"••:' : = ',."¦
JOHNSEN-LANGE— In this city.* April 25. 1&00;
•Jby the Rev." O. Grortisberg. Anton- M. Joha-
:" ren and Martha M.'Lange. . '. . ' -. -
LEVY— WOLF— ia this city. April 23. »00, by
the Rev. M> S, -Levy.' Elias ¦ Levy and • Phoebe
."•Wolf, bothef San Francl-sco. - ; . ¦•
LTTLB^-MUBRAT— In this cltyV April 29, : 1300.
¦by the Rev. H:' T. Shepard.- pastor of the 011-
.vefCon«rreraUonal Church, . Henry R. Lytle
of; Dsvisville.Cal.. and Christina -MurrayVcC
."•San Francisco..:' .--'- - . . ij 1 ; •',%'.'¦.. -f
aia-DONALr>— SEXTON— -In Oakland.- Cai..
April 2?. lS00."by the Rev.'F'.rA,-- Doane; Dan-
iel Wilbur MacDonald of Los Anrelee:. Cal.,
and Lottie- Flora Sextons of. Santa Barbara,
Cal. ..>-\x- ¦¦ ¦¦: - -.- •;.¦¦ si y.feV---V - v .
PATTERSON— BTIEGLITZ— la this city, April
1«. 1J00. by the Rev. "J. D. Kloof. Frank; N.
Patterson and .Henrietta _A. SUeRlits.;'.-, . «•¦-..
PETERSEN— DAT— In this city, April 25. . 1300.
at St- Peter's , Church, ; by the Rev. W. • Si.
'i: Bours,- Axel .T. Petersen and Ethel A. Day.
ItITTER-BAMMANN-In this: dty. ADril '25,
. 1900. by the Uev. J. - H. • Schroeder.' ; Edward
¦¦•'¦ T.' Rltter ind Louise C Hi Bamgiann. XX ¦
BCWinMEB-^CRANER— In this city.'. April 29.
'1900, by th^ .Rex-.v M. ¦ S. - Levy, r>n Morttz
Schlrmer- ' and . Jin.' Bertha. Craner,'- both of
San Francisco; •'¦ - ' • ¦ . ._.- . .- ,-
ROOMS ¦ papered from S3:-, whitened. :*.l-".up
¦ painting done, Hartman Parint Co., 219 Third.
MACHiXEs a.\d supplies.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine, aup-
• piles. Standard Agency. 145 tth; phone Mirit 45..
ALL kinds bwifrht, eoid. ext3ian|red. rented:
renairtnis at lowest rat-es. ' ZQl, Fourth »t. : '-
BIRTHS— -HARRIAGESr-DEATHS-
., Birth.: marriake ana ; oeath notices sent .p'y
mall will not.be inserted. They murt be banded
Jn«.t either. -of tbe.-Bablicatloa of flees : and : be
'lndorseid with the name and residence of.per-
son* authorized to have- tbe same published; • , .
'^:': .V- ••.'"". •• ;• .", ¦¦¦BQBN V ;'¦"¦¦. ¦;¦' :¦' .-'^
XETTIN*Cr-In this ctly/Aprii .27.' 1900,,:to the
- wife of fSeorge J. Netting, a son.
O'CONNOR— In this city. April 1. 1900, to the
• wife of. M. Cv 0' Conner, a son.. ,-;.", .".
ifmaiij— In «ed wood' City. April 29, 1900," to
the wife of , George V.'.. Wrlsht^a son. ¦'. I ¦
storage: a.\d . warehouses.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage, and Movin's Co.
.OOc(>,- 401 Poet St.; cor. Powell; tel. Main S71J.'
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co.". 1140' Market sk:
tel.- Sooth £35; packing. • mpfin« and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnltur' Moving Com-
pany. 2*M Fl'lmrr*! St.: phone Jackssn 251.;
SUMMER RESORTS.
CAMPING cround at Redwood Crovt: 10-rnlr.-
¦utes' walk from Fairfax etatron.- near San
RaXa-el:< a!so furnished house of J rooms to
¦ rtnt. Iniculre of J.-B. Benrude, Sausallfo, or
• j. B.. 6LIXKEY it CO.. €£... cor. Market
and Fifth- sts. .•¦.-- -' •¦-•••. ¦- ; ¦•'..¦-
TO'.LKASU.
FOR rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 123 cows; In Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent' to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further particu-
lars apply to FRANK HICKMAN. 412 J St..
.Sacramento. • • ¦'¦>*'.¦' • -. . '.. ,
¦¦'¦¦ : 1 .":^dxfz*- -to loIv,' * :•' ;" : ''
¦ rniVATE rsrtyV.on rurr.i-t-sre'and ,-»lar.M; !^:
v.o rT=nva!i -jii ccrr.rni»»'oa.' e KdiJ-. «t,.r.lL,
ATFTIN'S Siltrj-.Lssa Co./. Vi Parrott ''-build-' '
«.ac— Men .can fcetcre laaas on ptrssaal note.
CASH;-1qbs.-c4 .tb-tsala-i-Ecl pecple -en r.ote without
isccr^r:-.vMOR^i£:^T.. : .ge> Exarnlcer buSldtc-r,,
:;o TO. !&,,«'<>: j-jw-est; rate* : lit t->> M. mcrtjrs. ;.i
«-5v,.rry^-ilJotL ; :.riRTDE> r ; - : iVt- Montcomery,; <
*^ . vur'^ttirie. • rH'ano^: without -'remcvali-' 1 no:'.
£^-^;.fi^ri.:-.v prnatf. ' : LJCK ; ;n«'.)4cAill*ter> ; ;
'.r : --.: ¦; -: r'"y -'.* in^rtpac-m. »r.d ¦ jrcu'ine^d.'
mrrr -ray -j-y »^ SL^URP.HT^£^;^arl|ret : .Afc- : j
O rs'.u*-;»fl m^a^.--'^» i iir'_-r;t'-<:Ci!eteT-il or' irii-irser-./
< -.i.-r vi; r*.T-.'-*-'^^.'-rrt>*t - . : r^m*v- : ---.5.aa;'Firaa;r-?
'. .'--¦ r> : .Ac>r.r3.-.-.-'-141:.phela-n-'buiia j ,.ac:-.v.-
MLMCAL i.\M'UL'ilE.%TS. . - : •
A p' \-^'a X2?'y : i-- a . n '? *aie.«lor stor-nre> — Uprlptit
V~, V-ads ;¦ 1 3C !:.r:-nc>: TO.\ A i ; -J !.' O!ia*<".;-'?=' WinV;'
wj ; y ; er.u-'(-tr.rn;Va!so. -.nr:"e;-.:fiew^;
J -?r -.->. de.-,-..",r.-> Jt:-rt j f- n:. : .N':'-Y-.'.-f artery. !a r ¦
'¦'¦¦ -'r-rJ • • -.-:: I -r* :oii\. n : -»r ?;oretj -«.:» h-us, •¦•
: i 1.': ¦:»:;•.&; in%r.lMr'svy: j:.-ct»- to taVe: ftisrirei::
c*rh - or :...:insta;:rp*'h^-}-..'4»^*w';:.-^r6'nt»'.'" : sa-v.od.i:
_J^^2^^J-^>N-^:g^jaAUC;';tTl%M.-Lrketv: :
J. > ?;t re •Fr* > -beat ; : .::he'.; ; .brst ••Tnik'e : . oC^piaiies i^la •
* v *ry . trxi*, . -.irc'ra' : -Sseia*-ax'.V*P.*"'a' : 'to.^''li9w-'
T~-c~£ ;r.k*;-»«. i-i it our :ncta7l7&'eat^-"'ipay.*-
merit are 'M»i»rVjfcia^ the»e'- of -.other.: desJera;;:
*'" 'r* 1 ->•• ¦• J>ec-jcrje '-. Jrcm- iwjjcin • you^.- ehoalil
r'-: - ''-l-ar*.: r.ew.^rnirht r".aa4«.-;*': ct*h, : -J6..r*r ::
:r, ,-::::: c"^?r r:sr.e>* %Z. V» ard.Ji- per rsonth:
F2-:EF.MAN. CLAY-.& :CO.-.--.S:elcwitj- :r>«*J«rsV ::
rx-r. . Kearr.->-. : .and. 'Batter '.sts./ •BaJi'.-'.Fraaieissff;:'-
cor. -; Th:n^th-:aad ¦.Ei^awM-.-.'rOaklaad;;, S 1 ,'. .-
r AN pi r > orTi;ct':y :fcr.- «3as ; vh-iiat-;rs.'--':-: : ".-. •¦¦ - ; ' : -'->
VffptT^VpriKtnz: Uke .new. .;;-. •• ;-¦."-;>•:•''. V '"•'..--; ¦.*¦/:.
E» rr-rtt- • '¦ ¦ •''¦'.'¦:'"•¦. ¦ 7\;; ~.
v< f*rrfiIi4Tfctljr'. .u#ed; -.walr:-Bi..ca4e,"--'. ; -; !-'r X- ;-;
Kr»:^rrl-*»rse s'.se .very pood.-'--- ¦'••.'¦: ¦¦¦ ; --":-v;'-. : :**¦
lJ 'ey-— *l.e«l i u rn: r'. £•';'. ftce tpneJ^- •' • ¦ • ¦'... '. ¦'';'¦:. ;' ¦/.
'¦' ¦ -» •¦—.:-. -.-—».; urnrhi. -Tr'^'ry'v^.'
Fr?m <?£• ct;.t<s -clp«e -gulc«:jy-..no reatGnab"<
';....;¦ c-Cer relufed: -fraxrant-sd.- vEENJ;:' CURTA2 :
£. BON, ¦ 1S-1S-.2V x-O: TartTU,--. f« 'Chltkertns-.
AS«»cy, :¦'¦¦'¦ •.¦¦' : --"'-'.-';"' •¦/;¦•¦ ..V"..j-v.'.:' ' \- ¦X'\ : :\-'s/^~?*%i? F
IF yoa -reaJ'.r wanta -Tea! barg-ala, yea -can.reiy
cr. etttinjr a relialr^: artjcie vf rora '-us at a -low--
;r:ce; .caM. sr.d .;.;•** --f i>r...y^Ur*elf.,'. MAlTVAlS-
alt'SIC <"<».. "CJ -Ktriiev'iL; :'y:.- ,xy ; ;Xy^. +;¦(;:¦
CT. rci^vatlc-a- -I6r..-: : b*'rcaiss--.'ls:.^^ wen''--es.tab- : -
.:•. Iishe^.'-becKuse we always • itJv* : .tte.--m-c-»t--taat : -
. : 'v'v«aai t» had itr tbe-rnoaey:' tryci. : MAU\'AIS
?.:rsjc '-r:o:. : ~a aiar^et etJ.i..-.. yyxrjXx^x
DECKCH & SON "a«id;?ACICARp?Fia3os ":have-:
lieu sa weil kacwa:fc>r;isiany years ¦ that. -we .
r-eea c=:y say *"e' are' the agents asd : carry a:
fuli llse. MAUVAI3 MUSIC '.-CO,-.-. ';'&.:. lit-T-'
l:e -Ut- -," ;-,:;.;':. ; ;. :: ;-..-:^e^^:-;.;V ,¦•,.;:
AI5SCLX.TELT the • eldest ar.4 larrest boas*
west ef Ct Scs^ro'.'ts-^KOHt;ER .-¦':&> -CHASE' Si'
Tl. 2S atS til O'FarreUsu; .piaacs. :orraas aad
a'.! other ,XBU»lcal' ! '.4ijstjxxn'es'ts of. rail rrsdes
*r.2 priree; terms. «*vsy; prives'l*«est: every-
thisz possible £sae to pleas* and aatlsfy tae.
curtctS'r. ¦;-¦ ; .;- '¦.:::. -.:¦ . y. .:':.:¦;»'¦¦ ..¦/.¦¦¦;¦ /v'.^v
£N*££ p!anoc: new scaJ«; rew styles. KOK.
LER ft CHASE. -1». Q-Farrell :st. -¦'.¦•.: \x ;. ; ¦ -.'
.A 'PIANO in *03d.-:ocod;tion.y..'...'...;.......',.'»45
F^.ae upr.ght r»a=a<abavri:a'.n)i;. ...... ...1.J14S
Vprlsit j-lano <»:irhtljr ..us*a.1,.i..-..i;-i.i..$U7 .
l'rr!»M piano, wainut .{neariy newj.~i.....jl*7.
t^eet rr.uatc small -isrssi cal Inetruineiits. : 6,
_T. Mr glC CO., 22S Patter »t. .., \ ;-y : - ¦¦:;¦¦ :: : ' : -:
GOOD p'.ar.o fros; 5M to W>:-cuaraate«4;; %n-
Ftat'.nier.ts : U. - . Jf . . JT. " I!*;.: ...re.r.ta '. U 'up,.
.iiciNE-s: .. m ¦ -Jrit.is «-¦:;. :-.-. ; ¦¦x r . \ ¦..;. .-¦';-' -x-yx
MAGNinCEXT sprisrht riaao; n:c«t be sold
Imrn^'llatejy' on account cf tfepart-«ir» c? o»-rier •;
frm-. Ihe city;- J^s; A?T'y nn. 81. Flood bldK.
F^NC c'.2 ItsJltn \-1c'.in rteajv ; 153. Jessie St.,
ccr. Anr:'.e. err- Ps-lare Hct«U r '.-:;- : -v.' : ..:'-- '¦¦'•¦¦'.¦.¦: ' ¦
EORVEK & CO.. Byrca Maury piaac*. f Kl to'
112 Post -rt.:- ::['-¦: X:-X:X: !¦...¦¦";•:.-¦ ;'-:¦:¦¦¦.--¦ '.'- ; .'.:-.."..-.'
FINE fl«'.s*ir jjprtirtt for sale: lea-rlrj; dty..
:g5 TVebtter.rt;;,ccrr:»r:.Sut;«!r^:.- : --'..'; -'-::? ¦:¦;
$45 — FINE: uprtj-i.. riaac; perfe^ ¦•orde*-;..-fTeat
bartraia. ISA Misidca rt,. eesj irir.ta.- ¦ •- '/¦}}¦
X FTTW fiars caly— New planois. S2 50 per xno.
SCOTT-eL'RTAZ PIANO CO.. StO Hayes st;
GOOD Fischer; arreai barm'.a, SCHMITZ. I*
¦ McAHtFter .st-.-aext'-Hjcercla gaak.;: -: ¦.- -7;V>. -.-.L
FINE Fl«am aad Pteltway trpright: . farrtflcrd. ¦'¦
KEEFFE'S. IKt Vaa Ness ave.. ar. Geary st,
W. O. BADGER. . 412 SacraraeBtp •¦isfci^aseaf'tor-
Fraaci* Ba-con and KaUett : tc ,;i>ar4s ptano^.
ET'PERICR rtcllss, x:taera. old aaa new. H.
JIULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
O7FICE3 ASb STORES— TO LET.
f!0 Efc-fTORS avud S lirl&c roozss; : yard; eaon-
xer;: cbelTlntT- 10OS Natcma, naar. Eleventh.
.-'; LARGE:. store;' -.ooraex." fieveata said Natoma;
use* Zt> y*s. as grocery aafi saix.s.; reasonable.
Valencia, bsj. him i t»> i iIf rii it ' tm i+*\ eie-
tn.r.i ftor»: rear roorsf: lanf basemect.
. ' PALJUSTRr. ; :' '.':>. \? ' ;
ilME. Neerr&ara. Pres. St. Geraaia Collete of
Pateilrtry; reads 1 to-t.-. C16 Geary, nr. Jones.
. P1ETSERS WAXTED.
FIKST-<JI-A£S »a!rter. as x>artn«-, with fooA
l»rerrncea. PAINTER. .243 Tfclrd St.. room 10.
PERSONALS.
Tl AXTED— Infrrjnaf ica cf THOMAS HUGHES,
who cape to Cc^i'oriUa Z5 or *i years aro: bis
r-y'r-- * wm. v&e -fclcOuinn. Iniormation
: tEify. te 'auftdreaaed beat. 476. CaM..
'¦ .; TG ¦ whcrri;'. : it day; coaeera— I. the uadersiraed,
have ijet ' eold cr eivea.:cptlbBs to tbe "Nome
. ik)hcerii" ¦: on. No.- . 45 beach claim ca Anvil
r-rr^k^'.&xon -Or*c?a : or- Huz.tT7 Creek, Cape
'. : Jvcjk* MialEar ¦ District.^' -Alaska. f
/:. . : ALEXANDER MeLELLAN.
ELl'E-ETED baby giri'.'tcr adoption. ' MRS,
,:'... r-R-'-FUNKE, ICE Eighth St.. Alamefia. ¦ ¦' . •'
LEDERER'S Qu'.r.tecica Iceeps hair fresh aad :
fine;. 25c bcx: Lederer'f Foamo Shampoo keeps
the *-•.'; clean; tc PkM-' 122 Stockton- at.
flilA'ATE detective work; reasonable rates; tea
.'-¦¦//.years' e^p^rlenc*. J.B..BAT, S7 Jessie St..
XXDEF.EB is the hairdresser wfeo does it right.
jr.ee (SC! saJcea a specialty of ssndias artists
¦-. i a. do bride*' hair: this week 22-laca switches
;.-,lS:W-- 12 Etpcktca st.::.: - -.- . - . ¦ -.- ',¦ ¦
¦" tj AIR doctor's ¦ TfTzs^af.;". prepare-, on ruyaelf.
-'. ¦¦ KL" ESTER. ¦ -epedaltsSi,' -,-K. G. depot.. Oakland ;
. ,';-<eaTL.. ¦write. " '': "•' : ";, ¦-'•',-¦ ¦• -¦¦ .•"'•
t>H.. -PARKER. abseSVtreatraeat cures all dle-
*ases.: lOTT'-i: ijarket.st.. Saa FYandsco. -CaL
3_AliIES' and Keaji'-east-oa* dothiagboueht aad
64i»era»aa^, Jg4 FplaoTp; t«4. Folsora 1131.
XNFCiRMATIOS warjtet! cc-nornlng WILLIAM
THOMAS pr XXDI BOWHEN. . nitlvti of
: Ki!tubrt<Je. County I>ltrlm. Ir^lapd. If liv-
¦ ir^ please address CHARLES H. GILLOOLT.
¦ RaorJe Island.' ¦ box .127. - j. . : -,-
FP.EE— A fcpttle ot hair, tonic to- each <T3*toraer
jtallicje- a-l nxy hair fireasinr and ' manicuring j
rja-ri.org;: .113-'. safl .113. i-.SS? Market ;' .open e»»s. '
j: " it."t$XFZi£K i .S/
:;<?,. t?aritet.-.ft.-.->..ear-,.7;ay^CT^'- .:'. .-.. .¦ ¦ : f '• X-
SHELPON. calrtraoJlist aai bnsiEesj ad-
v.ce. : ,4i? Market et.iv-secoad ; floor/ .roionv 87,' •' '
AN *l*«a.tit VaU for SJCTS frorri Imported or iflo-
r- ««--..- ——.-ir.;t U tEUOS. 1217 Market St..
to»t»een Seventh a.nd .Eirbtn, '.¦ ' '¦ .. ¦'¦;.
CTJPXED cr waved hair eaa be culckly obtained
t}' u?:r.r Talemt't Carllng Fluid: 25c bottle.
CA?T-OFF clothing, old pcld and silver bought;
send tw:aL COLEMAX S. KX Kearay st.
ELECTRIC l!rfct» in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tfcird «.. near Market: 100 rooms;
2Tc to Jl 10 per r.i«r.t: SI E0 to SS per week;
free 'bos aad ba^cace to aad from the ferry.
ETAMirEP.ING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
BOIOr. AM.. Ph.D. v:iS Uno>n St.. Oakland.
IF yon wish full value for yoor cast-off cloth- j
iz& caU en B. Coher.. 1T7 Third: tel. B!»ck 41S.
ALaEEA ?ar E*rm*rrt«. hoods, mitts, leather
ma-s. H ?.T. KKTN'EMAr:. 1S9 Sara-nrae st
ruoTOGR.vriiio supplies.
WE loan kmlfLk* fre*: phots frupplies; Backca
«tutf)& i: Geary rt-. srround fioor.
1'uvsiti.os ajsu >lugi:o.\s.
CR. C. C O DO:»NELI>-Of5ce anil re*»defcee,
K~«^ Ittrket *t.. ijet:' Sixth aad Seventh.
DR. STTA3T* Rhe^rnat'rrn Cure. Sis free to I
p-y-,r »vrv TTegiesdar. 7X G<?ary «t. ; |
II CAL ESTATE^GITV FOR SALE.
A. K. Fl'E^K * Co-V::.'.. i ,..«:7 MARKET £T.
OPPOSITE. KEARNrST. .-.
SSQ.COO— Few .t;'K.ks frorii Chronicle; pays < p*r
cent ¦ -feet: let- t.lr;20 ft.;' 2 frcclaces;
brick im.3f>i5tr*-?t;<rrta. - - .. , • . •
171.0^9— Cumvr: rrtlf Kjk-k f rctn Market st. ; vl-
dnJty HlS^rnta B&r.k; 73 ft. front; rar-
JnvettTTient; - : re:"t.«. tVO. ¦ ; .'; -. ;i •.;.-: •'
IC.rx—^Nttr..'. M».riurf ."First .-ntji.: tot SSxSI !
.; . ;¦; '. ft.-: taak..*!.^;- .1
• MS.CW— Bents »4^;";cvo<J^'.im"preAr*pentr;. Jot «».:
:.- . ¦--•-"¦¦:a.l27.:C:':.i«ijTE-10 -o^r cent n*t- ¦-' --' ¦ • "
' f^-'W^N*'ir'..K»trr.y -«ct.; srood- brick. Jmrrrn-e-'
/¦'. .UjJieats: ' rrr'.it SliO6.artr.aaily;'-S» : ftJ ! frbriL:'
: 'pg.wwjr-'Lirfj «*:»*. 129 ft.;" ilblr.ltyMcAnisty-and.
: '¦ ¦.Lirkln.rts.:;' mits-ta?. • .!.'-.. •:, ..''..'.¦• ••' •;
; C3.«K>-^Siit.h- .f^ ; -. T£ ¦ ft: : 'ronfjpm; bay-w^eddw
•:•".- *tuiii!'=6'-:-r«it*.rRiO;. 4#K<r«i,- ' ••
t:2.»&— Rents $l9b; martn* vtrsr; 3. new Cats.
III •.'H>_TTHi*|| > rt irfl rr^r.t;; i stocra and
. . : •¦ • Sate;. ria«!FM}S jeariyV •... . .;-¦ -.
' {3.0*C*-NK.;'Ccrnrt 3P"*il and -Masonic av-e.; Jot
v • . SxIOC; "Jetint mM«jre, 10 rooms, bath; .
! Kf).-. : .m'^ern." rorh-rnier.ee*;- space, fpr.- a
• . '¦ «j»rjle-;.rr.iLkf'~c?>r.'.. ;* ' ; *- : -*.-'; . .
,' . JS.OPC— <-f»ew.'Cat^;'-,r«rits J84r_!'>t Mx;C8:*t..- •]
¦ ftHW" f r III' «eir-.4Uh:ai»d ATicskni;-r«nts SS« {
¦ ¦-:: * Z'^»r: l<x rJ'iTX ¦ ¦:-. '. ' ;•'. i ..-.•¦ - -¦!
¦ r;.y»--r^n 1 r!l>t-:^ : na^«:-rrr.t>.SLj:- '• -I " ' ;
C-T30-Howr.s:-'.*tcd."}ot;>-tlx!57^j N-o. a-.rVwstb
I .'-.- ,---... 4>rk. -'-= ~j- ' • • .¦,-••;' •: .
A - M- SPC'-K fc CO,'.;.:;::'.....tC. MARKET ST.
jSfr,!j_orrEK warned:' BTV.' earner Port and
Ijyrm ru.: stir* with'. *'. roomsi lot 33r7.2:C ft.
Ast^y A. ULSrSCK. ;.-« CX>.. «C Market et.
tions.* • ¦",.-.-" . * - .
: 12:45 P-: m.ySnB3ays^-Poiat Reyes -aid "way
stations..;.-. ¦!• '¦¦¦-. -:x'~ - - X' •
. Via Sausallto Ferry. .?
" •' Commendn? April '3.' UWt • ¦
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. ' . •
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. *S:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:45. '1:43. 1:15. 4:15. *5:1S. 6:13. «:4t) p. m.- ¦ '
EXTRA • TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m..
6UNDAYS-::C0. »i:0O. 'S^, •lf:M. UM. UM
a. m.:-i::45. *l:30. 1:30, -3:45. ZM. «:M. I:2t»
. p. m *'••""¦
¦11:CO a. ra. -does .not run to Eaa Rafae! Sua-
¦ days .-.,.- ¦ . ¦ '
•Trains marked {•) run to San Quentln. -- ¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5J5. »l:30. 7:50. 8:49. »10:15 a.
m: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. "JJO. 4:30. 5:39 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, v.edcesdays
and Saturdays at "S^ and 10:2d p. m. :
srNDAYS-y<:15. *S:CO. 'J-.a). •11:80a. m.; *12:»
a.; 1:00. 2:13. •»:*>. 4:30. '5:43. «:45. 7:3*. 1O:M
marked <•) start from San Qcentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. 6:45. S:C«. 8:55,. 19:33 a.
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. J:». 4:30, 8 :» p. m. •
EXTRA TRIP3 on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Patardays at 7:10 and 18:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «iI5. 8:05. 10:05. U:l» a. m.: U:aL
1:» 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. «:1». 7:05. 10:23 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m, week days— Caxa.dero aad way sta-
S:15 n»ixa.' Saturdays— Cazadero and way. sta-
tions ' • •• '
8:15 p. m. ..weekdays <Saturdays eaeeptsd)—
Point Reyes and way stations, ¦ •=-'.-
•8*0. a.- m.' Sundays— Caraderp aad way sta-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
hahTboad tbavel.
VAN NESS ave.. 844 fThe Wallace)— Rooms and
:board: furnished and unfurnished: J20; '•
POWELL.; W4-S2S (The Hedges)— Large . snnny
rooms: marl n« view- exeelleut boa.nl: reas'ble...
LAS PALMA8. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 5 or 3
rms.;' private;; bath;. sla. rms.: board optional.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde arid Eddy; changed
hands;- thoroughly renovated:; elegant rooms.
HOTEL' CLAIRMONT. SIS Taylor— Renovated;
suites and Slngl* rms. ; runny; excellent table.
HAIGHT. 232— Suany rooms with board; terms
moderate; : .
BUSH. 1105-^-2 large elegantly furnished rooms;
2 persnns in/either. S55: 1. {33;. billiards; piano:
BELGRAVIA Ho.teli"Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window- sroorns; superior board; tT5 up. :-¦
: Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
•Charles T. Sicler; 23. 630 Ellis street,- and
Nettle F. McCarthy, SO. €30 FJHs strett.;
¦ John Vauthiera, 35. 31S Taylor street, and
Man- J. Mooney/ 19. 237 Natoma street. .-.
Ferdinand RossL 24, Santa Rosa, and Maria
Ribolzi. I". 3C*l Larkin street.. •:•:•:
FYancls W. Lynch. SS. 1514 Larkin street. .and
Ciayxta M Gassniian, ft. 145 San Carlos avenue.
• Adelbert r)>'sert.'S8/311AGuerrero s«tre;et. and,,
LUlf*' A.'Jf lly; I*;' 3UA Guerrero, street-. : :• ¦;. : •
• Arthur : G Crawford, 35. J>3s Ahgelesi ¦-•¦fcrid:
Geanah -L. GldUtngB. &t :- Lps: AnselesJ-: .;,'-.. : , /
Benjamin F. Clfeary, 2Ti. 11. Hatght streets jand.
E11**» C: TCanoche. 23,' .11 Haijcht: street.;. . s - : ,. . :
•Wlliiarh J. JIuehes. '. 33^ .OaKdale, and -Ma-
Anderson,- 2«. oafcd-ale: : x^. -¦¦.-,. ; ;. .-;-.
Edward C. Ballser. 31. IMs Folsom street.-. and,
Mary A. Atbregbt, 26. 2429: Harrison street.- -'¦"-';
Meas L«!s*n. 47. -725 Pine street, and Maude
O. . Josselyn. 23,' 441 Geary street. . : •: :- v . •
Otto Hansen.-40. 55 Steuart street, and Lizzie
M: Sanffa. 30. 3819 Array Ftreet.
Frank S. Fait*. 33. 705 Polk street, and La.ii-
rane Tllley. SO. 7te Folk street. .;..-.
William H. Fray, 131 Diamond street., and.
Margaret Cameron, IS. S23 Bryant street. ,- ••
Oliver J. Harris, SO. Llvermore, and.- Mar-
garet J.' McSwaln. 25. Evermore.. • .-.-
Joseph F. Sllva. 14, Pinole, and Ruth j; Bar-
ton. 17. 3 Lilly Terracg.- . . '. .-.-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
JOHNSON: House.. 6<?5 O'Farrell-Double' and
.single.' sunny.- :rooms, with ¦ excellent board;
"large grounds;' : ref erences.;' reasonable.
NEW family hotel;'- first class In all appblttt-
:¦ merit*: excellent table; special Inducements to
.-.select people. 807.: California «t.. occupying
-corner' opposite Grace. Church. ¦ ' • . -.'•
A— HOTEL La Normandle. 216 Eddy— Sunny
.suites.-and^slngle rooms; everything new; ex-
-cellent table and services; prices moderate.
TjiflTED. States Engineer Office. " Flood bultd-
•¦linc. San . Kranci«co. Cal.. Arirll 3.' ..19OO.r-Sealed
-. proposals for dredging in ' AUMso Harbor. Cal..
. will be received here until. 12 noon. May S,
1S0O. Information on application. V,'. H.
: HEUER. Lieutenant Colonel Engineers.
HEAL . 3STATE^-CrTTi4-F6 R . S AXE:
BOVEE. TO t ¦*: EONICTAG. .' :.-X' ' -. ?¦£) •¦ '
I •-' ¦¦ ¦¦' '•.-':-. --MB4 Market Street.--.' ¦•-'¦ ' ' . '• •-" -
¦ •¦;-::¦,•;.-.-¦¦. - :: .- -•.•at auction."-.- .•"-•;: y,.:i: .'¦¦
...-¦.¦.:•: ".-••':TaUR£DAy j May Sd;.U00. . - - ••'..'•••
--•¦.¦¦..'.';. : ,'.. r .'.':-. At-U O'C'ock Noon;' .-.•',' ;---'--
•¦; ¦;¦' . = -At.-Oar Salesroom,, «24 .Market. -st- : • • '
¦.Forecloeed yroperUes' by -Order of tise Bask. .;.
•, - : - ¦i : .icttages -of' j rjooms -and ba.th' eacn:.-'Nos.-..
: ••?»;. :u.;;^-. 6th ; ave.i.-*est' -side.- betweea Call--
:ji<>rr.Ia;and::cie'aeaj tts. f each ' tot J»xliO;..to. be '
;. :¦ sold ¦ a*, a: whole or' separately ;'¦ cars, pass ; tbe
._;^««Jr^ : .:-,-:.^,:;. :};.: : yy~i--:\::-<.' : I'-. :.¦<¦:'¦-'¦?;<¦'¦'¦:¦,''.' " : ;-
.'. ;.;vi«t : o.5.:^cth^'st-"llne'-bi :.p'.orter.T'aye.-.''S»'. feet,
f -aorth'eji* t- ot ¦ Najrlee : a v-e. :: 4 ex 123 t eei...... '¦'. .¦:[¦: '¦:'¦ :.'¦': -- : ..-;
¦\ ¦:: : ; : CTa^n2on- : iHrtchjs.Viots;'Na' -S ; : .:Nb: :4; : :No,; B,'..;
'. ¦west riif'-of etasywiRt^.
t-ClaxenaoaV zverXr\si:;Sd.:; :U*' '.•.^»« t xll0xl-l«.-.tt;i'.:
..}^ ; H- : iN6:: :t ; .;[ >l;t:-No'.v.5 : u-:-5^*-.
{ utxin ft.
'•I-.'. Ha'TTiFpf! ' »t;-.loV-75xl24:2'ft:t-' : eas:-rly:.l!ne 'of
Harrison st., 60 ft. soath of 1Mb st. .,;;'.- /¦;.'¦¦]
¦'-. ::-^Lct?«^.'tiifV : 'Msj)^o^ r; :^ea>i: r\&'x>Z: Chintz,
. ¦.bu«co- *t.. •¦¦.between. ; -E5si'rra:.ia:. aye;.- s ad" Ccjo'.:
::r:av«.:,:nxT0 : ft:; ilbt. iMS. • Gift. . Map ; No.-' ». : east-
; -,r:side- : 'qr.-Pr^tJM;-st;.--betfe«.tixPo»b>ttaa-.su'and;
,-, ! :. ; ;;7 >;;^ ; -.-"; .';..<:'..:-.; SH
¦ 's'r^ north^sioei:"*- ft.^.
eaet of Cr*-*r:h St.; Kxl!4 ft.
:: -i-Vjdarirev ic-via ti»t- «t^' jscuth>td-.--15S-- ft.-'.east ; :.of.--
, Noe st : fine, view; IMxU* rt
i'6 ; L« ; .os:-s>jutr 1 #ait / career:. "cr; !3S;:.ar:S : --pVampBa-':
|«ts.; I£i:r» ft . re&fly ta b'Jiia en.
I Bnlld:nr 1m cr. a«Hui }>'ct'» o-. isu:h
¦'•i-,sioe':e+, .rro^«.-:rk'-- sv 'X\ '¦-: i ¦-':.¦• > rst^f-AshbuxyC
Cae Vle» cf toe r*rk »nd C.'J . -»:?: -'t
Let rr. n=-th »:i- cf :':h «: . '.60 r:. east cr
: ; , ; .Dla!fecni;t:v : i- ; we:!.: ;c?cat-u::-;>^:l< -.'.'i:.' -.; ¦;':[ x--, ¦.-¦¦
: '¦ '¦' S \:r.~r ¦ t-- rr »r -i-i- rn-. n"ort'S.»a»r- .'crr=?r -.of ¦': Saa'r :'.
.cfcei and Eilrabeth »ts.. J5x8I ft: 1 : -.•¦ -¦ • •¦ ¦,-.-.-.,
• I .-::LctI'onVi^utri's:3»'-bf^::th ; ' r itt:^V83- ; ft; .'esit-iofC
, j Fountain st . Ki:r. ft j
¦ |.-:'- TER?.r?^-Th« above .{-rvr-'rtY Is-ta.'-be iold-fcr-:
• -.' 'r-oae'-'quarteT cash. ¦•.the : :baliunee .In. •one,...t wovand:
•j tir»e yeare.- Interest six ¦ per- cent. ¦¦ .--.-. :
' i Cats ef f, S. i rosrr.f ar.d bath: ' Ncs, 13".
'•I JS»:^i::: :'ri4 y -. *: . !;; T».n t j ' I* V. p> : r ;.rn6nttt;:,-al^o;.
¦¦¦fr>c«ate.:.rr.-;:t-.rc <r.. Lfl;-jr»l .«ve:.or -!.rq.cnis;ao_d.
J tath: rer.fi Jl r srr r.-. •-: v -.. IJsir! ft.
! ; ! Hats cf «, 5 r.cVrr s ard bf'h •¦ach >ANc«': ¦ 1 to •
-I-'? -Cohen "p!ac*i.'orr E'.:!» •:.. tiet'-.v-Lea'v'en.wCrtiti"
iMlaai-Hyae: •¦.reMi.-l'.a: :;>r m^nth-Ht^JiJ^ft:^:/:^
:^ ; ; ; -^-;-: i :> =";: BQVEE;:?OT >A : : P0NNtAO;v^:'
Jyx:{.XX'--X': '::¦--''' V'xyy '¦¦¦',. .; . t!4 ¦ .Maricet^sti^.;:
! REAL ESTATE FOR 'SALE- BT ' •
:.X.-::; •-,-'.-: v'-tiJO?.- MAGEE * :SO.NS^. ¦; .iu". '.:.;.-'-> .^
£ M:r.tcotaery st.
-.; *".--pii:e-: : torr;er'':.iSv».«rr:»rt-:-->ri:::5uiter'. st=;- ; ; 137^4: :
'¦ :?eef front 'en. Suiter 'St. ,by-?7'^ : .fee.t ; :dee.p: : '.w«.h':
-.•' ; 'sTpbd;:.?-stpT>- : ;-.--h«usM'^;';.b.rJaipriflc:- : ;ift.: J2i7.td: a ¦'.
, : aicnth, ' :¦ With an expenditure .of 42500 this place
- : would pay ; ,a high. ¦ rate : . oa- amourit :--:iriyested;:;
;. Prjc* only . tr5.SO0L, t ;':.:-¦ ¦; ;:---:':X--. r- -.-: ;•' .. .".:•: '-•••¦'->->;.:.;:..-
¦ ¦ ' : A 1 - northeast- comer- 6a :Turk ¦¦ stiV '.va'caat.'. ti*+
¦ ¦ fcy.;120;:f.or.$S5<»:. cr will tt\\ c-rr."r .:"t'--\by ..110:
.' : -t<^--ji^^a-^i&^ ! p^.^iiai\i :^;y- / :: -. ¦/:< '¦
• "Two^-etcry house on the- ijbrth side Of Golden-
- Gat* ave... Tx»twe<ni Franltlln and Gouph *ts.:'-
' \.Jot.- -*t.H'-' '. 1 ? 0 - ; Price'itirt reduced, to $7000, ... ,
'[¦'• 'NortliwesT.' ¦ ce.rr.er-"- of l-Pp(nt'.'.Lob;3s.'-a:Te^ '-"and ' :
Wood' et. : 5\ iy M 2-S;.«WT,er. very:; anxlsns.tt.
j *e:i -and' will; ; se!l ..for arri-rjrit.-pf ;.rnqrtgage : and.
itterest^ -.- ¦'.'.? •' : ".'rS-:':-/ .- ?•,'; <r^:x '¦'¦'¦•':' ¦'¦ '¦ . ' ••'¦•.-' ¦¦¦'¦¦:
> |3?»— 'At ¦'¦' i: *aertrire ; :rh vaccount'.'.of -bank. 'or*-'.-.
|- closure: ... lot .'•JlSxlWj-:' jraprpverrierrts -.- t-story j
v .liousei;" roonis bay*;- south : side Seventeenth. ,\
" '¦¦ bft."-' Howard.: and': Miesion-; : . ¦¦'Apply' "R.'-'-Me--
. ¦y-.COLOAN.."l4;.;Monfg6mery : .st.-.. ' rpora i.- : . ¦:¦:'.-.•'
' MA.RKET-ST.yPRQPERTt;. .'' •!- : '^>V-^-''.~ ' ': ."'
r i.' Ti f ot* corner: -wnlmErbvedi' Address REEL
¦'-. : '. : :6.,:^TAIT;,:I^: Eighth st....-nx;m : .42. ¦ \.X ':.¦-,.- ..-::;;
: UP-TO-PATE ;new\mcidern hotne; 11 r.. S baths:'
> -:. : '-cos:p.Ute-ar.a T.r.!sb»3; th.ls-.week.;-2715Stelrer '
- •V:»t:;i .rr^-vBrMaway^-raE^iloCARTHT CO.-.
:;_ 6<ft ..Market; irt.;^;/V : v>.. ,V^>:y- ' '• ¦'¦'''¦ : - ¦': C-' '•-•'¦•' '"'.'.'' :
MODEP.N .xew ' '-artistic'- -complete" home ot-ll-.
\: rocnis. ¦ J bathe rStelaer. st-* near Brcafiway.
-li:,-:-THE McCARrnr:;Cp:-; : --. ¦:¦;•¦¦-.¦ .%-.-••;'¦¦.--. :-. .:;;¦¦':
¦; x»5fc-ABSOLUTE sacrifldr: tearly-cew .$^rpom
¦¦¦«cttag«: stable and large lot; SCth aad Dolores
•¦¦ »ts:: electric ear passes: principal, bank loaned
"..- 1110© at 7 per ; cent six riionths agp; can remain.-
'.' Jf - deslredi brotners;:. is ¦ cbean. for
. • SI000; epportunttv of a lifetime to par rent to
'• '¦ .: > ocrseif .. P>. A. DOLAN. 11 Montgomery st.. •
: • tSXJ^r-TTTOjCatSv five and four rooms: ail known '
lmproveraests; ' bay-window; bulkhead;.- brick-.
¦ : wails and founda.tlcn; be*! street: suniayiMis-..
tier.: only two-years bttllt;. a sacrifice: «ih;Jn- :
•ttalhnents: 115 .monthly or will excbanjre -for-
vacant lots aay part of city... P. A. t>OLA>r,
IX Montgomery •¦l;-': : > ¦-.•.. ..:/¦ ¦'.-. :¦""-,'/¦ :
FLATS— Always rented; pay W per.-ce&ti rnay.'
be lacreaeed to 17 per. ceat;. Second ave.. Rich-
• raonfl Addition: must . : b» sold at oacel. ao
agents. Box 1339. Call of flee. ..- .:- : ' ¦¦'
2 FLATS- top er>e 7 room* and bath: lower one ¦!
6 rooms and bath; lot 2:6x1^:6; price $00.
PKILBRICK. IS47 Folsom st. - ¦ Xx ¦'¦:...
WILL, build for $ao* rear I-fiat house;, plans :
furnSshed; house repairing. done; drop postal. ¦
GEO. M. S.1LSBURT, billlder .. »47^ Polk .at. .
PATS 12 per cent net— 4 • rnqiSernVflate ;'; all rent-,
ed; Urge lot; J4400; \balf cash. Apply on
premises. Harrison : st.;. near- -, Twenty-first.-
HAVE yen real estate in the : Mission or.Hor-
Eer"s Addltioa that .yoa. wish to. dlspoae of
then call on TV. J. GUNN. t» Califcrnla St.:
' 11*00— 4 4-room cottates; - -pantry, hot and
cold water: easy terms. 1522 Rhode. Island «t-
CHEAPEST arul best in America— Tb* Weekly
Call 16 pares, sent to ar.y address la ths
} Pntted PUtes. prgtpaid. for tl per year.
REAL ESTATE— COC>TBy—-For i S. 11 - 1 *
. THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be locked after at once, as this
is tbe time of the year to arrant* for tree and
vine planting; farias range In size from 10 to
4» acres aad now sold to induce immediate
action at. low'. prices, iand easy terms; home-.
.. veekers will never..regT«fsecorlre one of these.
bomn: no. malaria. -no frosts: products earli-.-
.. est tn market; good society, grood schools (ln-
clnding hlch school); rEacadarnlzed- roads;. 2.
railroad trains dally frcrn.;San •'Francisco;'
water for irrigation when desired; superior. to
Southern .California for raising all ltlnds ef •
citrus fruit, recently- -sol ;r>ronounced ;by lead-.:
¦ lnjr Soothem-CaliforrsUL-experts: these. • iahde< .
¦with the suoerlcr soils irvia.ll other advan- •
¦ tages named, will be sold at prtces; far below -
those 1 asked in localities hitherto considered
c&approachabl* \1n. excellence; there ls.no more
Independent UTe than the small- : 'dlverstaed
farmer'*; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed aad are paying annu-
ally as mucb as tlOo per acre; you can leave
Ban Francisco on S a. m. train, have t or 4
hours at EvDarto. and back to San Francisco '
early the eame evening; you will find an agent
at" Hotel ' Barnes. Esparto, to show you the
laf.ds. Cnmmunlcate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. CaL ; : ¦ -jr.
RANCH — State lowest ' raeh price, whether
J. - -wooded or farm land; no agents. Box 1676,
•- " Call of ftce.' : " . ¦ . . - . : .
ACCURATE persoaal Vncwlence— each of the
8500 ranehi* on riy sale and exchange list..
...... IC; p. SICKELS— .the land agent— ID Geary gl
ACCXTRATE -personal Jcnowledge^ — each of. the:
• 1300 -ranches on my BALK AND EXCHANGE .
llet. N- D. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
10 Oeary a-t. ' - . _•'¦_
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
COR. McAllister. £24 La guna— Handsomely fiir-
ctshed large sunny front suite. tl6;.al5O.modr
era fittings for light hsiepg.; St: James. 1
EDDT 207— Large front room, S2 75; front roazu.
rur.niac water. U IS; snnnv room. 'B,:, • ¦
EDDY. 604— Nice suncy cor. bay-window aalte^ 1
kitchen, gas range; complete for housekeeping.
I EIGHTH. 34 B, near Market— One or • two -sunny,
front T-Jorna aad kitchen. JnmJsbedj.f or boiiee-
keeping; bath. -• j ¦ ' ' ' ¦'.''¦ : "
EIGHTH. :06— Sunny housekeeping room: fold-
In?: bed; imall rarse; sunny porch; staUoa-
arytubs; 17. . .. .^
ELLIS S3O— 8 small sunny I uralsbed housed
keeping roonit In rear; t>. - ¦ ¦ ¦•¦.-.. ..•¦'-'
FIFTIi. 25*— FureUhed housekeeping^ 3 eoa-
nectlr.g. >10; also 8. >1» 50;. tlsjcle. & up.
1 FIFTH. 34J— finite cf ' rtomi furijiebed .for
houfkeeplr.g; rent cheap. • -.-. • ; - - - '
! FOLSOM. £34-2 large synny connecting hou!*-
i keeping rooms; stove, bath; prl vafc» ; . *2 50.
GOlJiEN GATE ave./ 229— I iittany-yconnecting
rooE*, f urniehed for Ijouafkeeplng? rent H».-j
HOWARD. ttU-Qse or- two froat rooms for
light houpekeeplai,. ' • ¦' • , :
HIDE. 40»— SJunay. parlor 36or o-f 2 or- 3 rooms,
¦ canap;ete for housekeeping; also -'slorle. ;. '
IVT:-ar»,, ;-2M. near Franklin— J saany, rpotos,
¦ £ alrik. stove; S>;.I roora; $7 monthly.
j KEARXT. -2JJ. near Eutter— A front. stilts 115;'
1. r«»; jar.itor-xTvice free.. ¦¦ Apply :15 'Grant aye:
LEAVEnWo-RTH. 1M1— 2 or S roams -funilshed
• or -pnXnrnlghe3. for .houyelceeplnc. : * '. ¦
MARKET.' 1C2S—J rooms -furnished; for house-
: keei-ttig. ¦ ttl;,' 2 onfutnisbed t£: 3>, ti. J . . .'¦'
MARKET. JSSS. br.Clty HsJl— ! sniwy front ¦con-
nect, roocis, campLete, $13; 2 sunny, roams. 110.
MARKET. J&i. opp-. Tenth— Largs' ; sonny al»
cove $7; -also com! ortaM* -. bedroom 'and
kitchen. _-/.'. •-. - -..;¦-'. :-].•¦
MCALLISTER. tZ&— I rooms complete for feetsse-
lterpinjr: fas, bath, enamel sink, range, laun-
1- dry;;|15. - ; ' . - - •• : ¦ .,'.'.
1 'MISSION. IOCS— Frc8t : Faite furnisbed; bouse-
)-• JccfpJng rooms.- ' - - . '• ;.:_ ¦ ¦ . ¦ v
' MI5FION. • 1S04— Sunhy . bay-window room;,
klscaen connected; hdasekeeplng; '. ' ..- •
OTARRELI*. 421— Tiro : or. thrre sunny : rooms,
furrrfshfd for Uonsekeeplag; no children.'
SIXTH. 'ISA— 4 ronnecttng rooms,': with plaa'o,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
A— FIRST-CLASS . family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice- sneny bay- Window . rooms: first -cla»i
: tab'le; prices moderate: 2 car lines pass note!:
elevator: telephone-. Hyde 2771.- IBM California
st.:-.' corner Polk, near Van Ness ave. ;•-.:.;¦
A FAMILY having i a large, well appointed
and refined home wlehes to . secure a . few
• couples to board and room; flrst-class in every.
' particular; references required. Address .box
MM. .Call office. ; -.-. : .= ¦ ¦
ROOS1S AND nUAUD.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements, and stibscrlptions has been. opened
at 1^1 Polk St.; open until »vjp. ra. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements arid subscriptions
received at Call branch. -office, 2200 FlUmore.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 28. 1SQ0.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, until 11 o clock
a. m. Monday, May. 2S, 1900. .for furnishing,
during fiscal year commencing July 1, 1900.
forage and straw for . San Oiego Barrack^.
Cal. ; also at «irrie : time, at this office only,
lor forage and straw for Alcatraz ; Island.
Angel Island, Fort Baker, Benicla Barracks,
Fort Mason, Presidio of San Francisco.' and
: San Francisco, • Cal.- -. Government reserves
• •.'¦ risht .to reject,, or accept any and all bids, or
. any . part thereof. Preference given : to arti-
cles .pt American production, conditions ot
• : price; and quaMty : (including, in the price of
Vforeign production's the duty thereon) being
••'equal, and!, such -preference: given to articles
: of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast to extent'of. consumption required
•¦¦by the public- service' there.'-'. All Information
.'furnished on application: to :Qu-artermaster at
•San Diego Barracks : or ' to undersigned. En-i
velopes containing, bids to be endorsed:,
• "Proposals .fpr. F.qrage ; and Straw;" and ad-
idressed to said Ouartermaster, or to J. M.
MARSHALL.; C; Q. M.. . f :>¦•', V
WIDLEY. IS. bet. Bush and Pine. Web-
ster and Fillmore— Rent no object to elderly
•' lady; sunny room; all conveniences.
WEBSTER. 706—! or 3 large, sunny rooms, f ur-
..;.r.i*hed or unfurnished; modern improvements.
VALENCIA. 1*32— A large sunny front room;,
-sas. and - bath: nicely furnished. • • .
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A rood rooming house
: for rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THE Aster. 11» Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; tingle. ruMes; trant't.
TATLOR. 511. near Geary— Nicely furnished
; sunny room. ¦ •' , -.¦'•'. ¦'-
ROYAL HOUSE. li« Ellis st— Incandescent
• light, reading rccm. smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. JSc to |1 50; week. $:
to $*: month. Is to CO; elevator on office fiocr;
; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
PROPOSALS FOR MILITARY SUPPLIES.— 3«
New Montgomery st-, San Francisco, Cal.,
• April SOth, 1SO0.. Sealed proposals In triplicate
•wiH be received here until 11 o'clock a. m..
May 16t!i 1300, and then opened, for furnlsh-
irrg Sutibnery, Lanterns, Stoves, Stove Fur-
niture. Lamp Chimneys, Feather Dusters. Of-
fice Tables. Rugs. Hardware, Saddlery. O. I.
Buckets Alcohol Stable Brooms, Excelsior.
Glae, Axle Grease, Leather. Lumber. Oils,
. Paints Rope. Soap. Sponse. etc. Preference
will be -given to articles of domestic produc-
tion and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including in tbe price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) and
such preference riven to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent el the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserve* the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Proposals for delivery at ether points will
be entertained. Information and blank pro-
. posals rnmlrhed. on application. Envelopes
will be indorsed • 'Proposals for Military^ Pup-
piles No 35SS." and addressed CAPTAIN
OSCAH F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster.
U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. .
ROSEDALE House. 313 * Stl Ellis St.— Rooms.
..night. Sc to $1; week, tl 25 to »4; open night.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALti.
. ;. OAKLAND 'FURHSHED FLATS. :
J20— FLAT; 7 roonis: complete for housekeep-
ing; gas range. S16 E Fifteenth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale— Fine ¦ home, I rooms; large trarden;
en. EUteentb-st_ electric line: bargain. Ad-
¦' dress F. N.: 1431 Bush st.. San Francisco.
: •- ; OAKLAND REAL ESTATE^ :
J100 CASli,. ¦' |5 60' rhontKly. «4 acre, more cr
l.e.s»,.\3vroom -cottage.' all picket fenced;'- shade
. ¦ ahd '--'fruit trees and. 'shrubbery; fine -spring:,
also city water In the house; away from cold
winds and fog- ;¦' close -to steam local, electric
cars and model school; soil the very best;
price, ail told. $S50; Gallndd tract. Fruttvale.
¦ adjoining Oakland: call or send for circular;
• 455 Seventh Ft,; near, corner Broadway. Oakr
. land; carriage free. H. Z." JONES. Owner.
; 'FOLsSM^;-f«^;/:cdr^\fth^^V-vfOiiver)i^Ne ; w;y;
:n-furtr.:.8Uiwiy : roc.msV;:sVn'ile>'6r.-,eu
» irc'.e racm. ' ;:¦:.¦. yy.^y^yx. i;- ¦::¦:,. -.:.' «: : K: ; ::¦.¦¦¦'¦;
.^B^jt K ELE Y ' ROOM S ' A XD BOARD. ¦
r THE ' FLEASAXTON'r . «S Durant ave., will
: -be .-open for summer boarders May 15; rates
:'reBsor«ahle;. board -optional. ¦ ,-. • ' ..
'6 CAR V; 4H ; : 4 The -Niva r«')-Elegantly' : furnish--
..:: - : fd. i ,.rccrn*;.--'>ui!e?. or.' stricle:;. travelers; acccm.
GpL ; I>EN."d;ATE;{s;ve,,G4— Sunny roonis; ;fiiri
¦;/-.nl'shed ; :;;yif : x;t very -reasonable.-; v ;„-]-'. '¦,.¦¦- - . ¦ •¦
GR A.\ PiEOfTKER-SV southeast corner Seventh
: : aed- ilission'.. fts.-^-Sunrny • rooms, *n suite or
> :.*iEglet-la4i:e» # - parlorj reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK ; HOUSE;,; rtl Mission st.— Select
;-.;famUy, rocrnlng house; $1 £0 to »6 per week.. ¦:
HAJs'O VER; HOUSEi. ! 827A Howard— Changed
¦iharids.; newly.: renovated ; housekpe. and single.
HdWARD. ; K»— Rooms ffpin »t. week up to.tt:
:;ISc to. $1' night :¦. also;. housekeeping rooms.' ¦-...
HO\VARt)^ iOTJ-^pOur siinny rooms and -bath;
:-..ta:w-^:x'x-:S/i ¦="'':i-.'V V'-,- / '-;;- .-•":¦ : .- ' ..; ;
MrS'N'A. 667; corl* Elsbth— New.:furT)lshed bay-
¦ -«-:nd6i!P.rci}m,. Jl. per -.week*; transient; .. ,' : .--.- ..
MISSION; •¦1514.' .'rear-' 'Elevf nth— Large . sunny
: front Tpom;:flne-. for 2;gehtlenien; * 2 w «* k - ": ; ' : '
NATOMA. : B63H— NJceJy,- furnished sunny; front
•.'.room; It ii: bark .ropm,'$4 1 .:.; •: -..' : .. : '-.-.;"-• ¦ . "•..
•- 1 ii H _:.. ,.»•-. ' .- ia&ed roora;
vri?r tdiex'r : ta : h' ;¦' '-pr ! v>-t.p : vl .1: IS; ;.!*r^e.V _.'-¦/ .-- ft • Zi\ ¦ !
EI>DT; : ;?i?yRbc!ni«^ : aay; i we : .ek : Or:mcnth;.,.best
fcr :! * insn») in th« olt;, ¦•¦•'.; '' : y--- ¦'¦-, ':"•;?.: ";- ? .'='~.
.GO0d:.'.BERKEL,ET- BUYS.-.-,.--.;' .:.•;-;. '. ,¦..- f.-
:>' tWPCfrChofce- ebrner-i.- fl»w.;;:f roanas;.- elerant
rli»ir:-'.clc$e; : tovy.i'C.;:: : - .• ¦ .•.¦.--.•¦¦.'¦¦. ?•...-.'•.-. '
'.•¦$45X>6^C!5lon!aThcn:e; near. U.'.CJ; easy teriisii' 7
;.'. ISOO^- Eflxl!*!);;:. North Berkeley :-enap..- :• ..:¦ - : ¦ n'y
¦¦ r-tiSOOJ-Moderrii;: nearly. -.new,. 6-K>om- .eotta'se:
;j?.ou:h -B.erk»Vey;'- easy-'term*..' W^RXS,' S^y.en-
te>nth mxiS- Broadway.- Onklacd:. '..¦¦.•-¦ .'-¦".•:•¦¦..¦'
¦CA/RRCU^TO>.'.' : .^12tf. ;; :Siarket.'--:eor.-'Ooidenv-- ; .Oa'te'
sve— ;-„• • '•"• — "veil furn.^ rms.;
CALirOJis'M 'T n '^ 51 ¦:;: e'.egtntly furished
;",. :r\iryr.y Vrcyr::'-.:'!^ in -and - ; p hone: ;,- ¦-. ,V . ;.:"-¦¦¦:¦; :.
BX'SH. U d«-Sun&y corner rooms;
-- iKwh^.j'e^pfc'f'ne'^niJ ;.-all.;^conveniences;;:-. hot
Wirater/ahdaalh^^vv, -\^:/. ' X:X: ! .X .xU. ¦ '• ;-. : .''.-
* • ACRES: b-nly'S miles' north ,'pf. Berkeley; ' 7-
'Toorn'--' bouse, -ebfeken •houses'... barn, farming
.-•implements/-. - horses, buggy,." pigeons,.
- chickens ••and'.eyerythlng. pertaining to' the
.-. place f-' air in. .first-class condition; -only : J2500;
'¦:¦ $SW>.-'cash,-- balance to. suit; also a. fine resi-
:'.fV»hc> lrt.' ; Be'rkeley. to- exehancefor a-.ranch.'
:.: GEO- .seHMlDT... Berkeley; : . Schrpldt block. . .
BOHEMIA, X:V) iVc?t;:'c.br.- : : Stocktpn— Stp^e and
..¦.r-or'r.T- : ¦Fu.nr.v:: : >-jr;"'-5';:''-f.r.^t : !n: : city<- ; ..hot and
ihy* r -v-ft -. ' - « ..jconjrncdated..
Buehl-;st:., ad>
'i : : ir>\^itz;,\^t,Hu^XH'iiXe)i.iiA.-.T^Tn*:. a.ll' prices.
A— BRCNSWICK HOUSE.- - 14S : Sisth-i-Rooms
.:¦ Rc'.tq'vU'p'er nlg:b't.:;.:ivi25 to «5--.'per week.' and
;-.' ; :;l'.«ht.-.'.hc>ii?eke»p.lii'if-:;'ppea.'an -niehtj..-.- .¦ • ¦ .: ;
¦....'. BERKELET It UAL ESTATB.' ¦ .
VACREsTrifbt in the heart cf beautiful Berke-
•ley: email house, larice barns; .very con ven-
'-ient: for »ale at a ;' low. -price.- • MASON *
McLEKATHEN'. adjoining Postofflce; Berke-
.V'Jey Station. ; •• ;¦ •''>-¦•'•;• •"-' •:"' '-: "'¦'¦ * '. '
¦ROOMS: TO:. LET^Fijrn; and: Vpfnrsi.
.'X''-BlL\x6jr.6fSce-ioV."<^H-'eaTertlsemen't'«>iii'
.'fubecrlrticni^ -has ¦beeh'estabnshed.';.atip»«'.Va-v
'¦.-.'¦ ' ' ¦• ¦''¦ '-."-¦¦ : '¦*:."'¦ '¦¦• ' •"'• --- ' ¦ '"
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
¦i '¦¦¦' .'¦ ' BARGAINS: ON TERMS.. :'¦¦¦¦.¦ • ,.-,-:
¦¦•,' «' apd -7 room cOttares:-?. 8. and 9.. room
houses; waterfront - property; lot 56x195..- on
Central ave'-T- near Fifth' st.:: double:lH-story
house rents :for $24;. price '.|^0O. , Apply to A^-
R- DENKE.- -Webfter.gt. 'station. • --..-'
2 OR 8 iarfe-e '.'i-'in.nv.-rpcnjs;; connected,. for'lMJ^aJ
v 'kefpingr ;-.; c Ink.-- :;bat^> arjd.'-gft s. ¦-' 1401- : Powf il .st. :
A. ; BRANCH - otQctl for ttie'- reception "of. sdrer-"'.
-. ; tlseir.et!ts : :;ao4' subscriptiens has "been, opened
¦;---at..i?3. ; Pbri':su':-".open'u^.tlt * .p, 'ra. .; ¦.-'--¦" ¦•;.'•; .':."¦
2 ..SCXNT-tront- -foqrn?.- fiirnishwl complete. for
¦ : 7>otis>keepirigf.:- rent $K p^r ¦« e?K. Shoe : store.;
'-'tC2 .¦Jllss'en- st.'.'-bet. ; i^rst ar.d gecond'-stsj-.-:
VAN ' ICESS. jl J-^Sunny. front' Irooris • for house-
":keepIr.g-/-.IiP't»'JlS; a^so '^Itsele rqems for gen-'
Vtlcrrjffri. n/td ¦ Slg... ¦ ' ¦ . . . ' •' - ' ¦'"- . ¦¦' '
inert • sraxax.)
Train* lt>si • xdiI ara *»m la arrlf • ••
«A5i ri:*.M *hi4».
(MiIaLh. Foot of VUts-t Street)
ti*T« .. — Ttom A.-aii 13. 1<(«1 — AKJtxra
•7:»#» BeriH», u>j5, Ehnira, VacarOa,
Ramsey aud s»cr»m«>nt« •T:4.'If
•7:09i Shssta Express— !>»»», WIUows,
Red B: 2. PortUad •7s«5»
*?:*•* Martinez. S»u HuDOn.Vall4jo.Sa9a.
¦ Oalistesma. ' Santa Eon # OiI»r
•9:3** The OverUod Limited— Ollen, Den- -
.;.¦-¦- vex, Omaha. Cbkaca. ....... .. *9tl>p
•i.30t Sau Jose. Literaior?. Utoektoa.
¦ . lone., aacmnvnto. PiaeerrlUe.
M»n*Till«. Ctte... K»4 Waff »4il»r
•»-.3»» # lir.lon. Oa«4»!e. noaora. Cartwrs... *4:l3r
•»:»O« HirnrJi. Niiaasnd Way s>»Uun». «1 1:4.-)*
•»-.ot»» DaiU. WooUlaad. Knijiiu Laodlac.
... - MarrsrUia, OratBl* » •7M»p
••!:••» AUaatic Kipresa — O?i#n aad East *»:I3»
•9:i)Ot M»ri5u«..Tr»CT, Lau.ro?, Stockton.
Mireed aod Fresao. MSitSv
. •¦)••* Part Costa, Frrsao. Jlojtts aad Los
' ¦ Aasslti *«rf3r
•Itttti V»Uf jo. M»-tin«x »n.l Way Stations *«sl3p
• llt««A Kiles. Li*«rmor«, Stockton. M*cr»-
- ¦ aacoto, Mendota. Uaolard. Tbaua,
PoctarrUlA « MtISp
•I 1:«4>K Hay vards, XBm aad Way SuUoss. *S>43p
. tt:0«rBa«ram«ntolUTerSl«am«rs tSi«*p
. ' *3:OOr Hay wards. KUei and Wsy Btatlcvs. *Si43 p
•4i*«r MarUaM*. bau lUmou. V»!;«J 3 ,
.- - - ¦-¦ N»r». C'»y«u>»«. Suit* Rosa •*<!>«
- .*i:w«p BtBtela, ' Vaea'UI*. 8aoran>«ate.
. .'.. ,'.'••• Wo*>liand, Katgats Laadlng.
H . T" ":•. Harrsrillo. Oro*i!l0 »l«:4»4
;".>4:3»P Nil 9*. Jt»u .lone and Stoe»»n *?>13»
' ' •3:«»r The Owl Lualtod— Tracy, Tresaot
-- ' . ' - . . • Bakenoahl. Main-tis far 3*at» E»r-
¦ - ':¦ ' .-'- ' bar* Los Aside* *I»»«3*
•SiS*p Stocktoo. Merenl. Fr:»uo *lS:13p
-': ¦'-•3t3OP rr-siio.llUksr»l,.'..l. Sauta K»rhtr». . .-. -
' ' ¦'¦' .'-¦ ¦ Lrs Angeles. Iteming. El Ptso,
'.'". : ¦' " -. Ssw Orlsaas and F.«st «ii43 4
'. *»tS»P Ssata Fa itonts— Atiaulio Eijum ' -
' - -.: for Mojat* aud ICast ••t4»»
. : *e>*Op Hsy wards. HV.ei »od .-Jan Juss *7>4a a
¦••iJHrV.lltin »I«iiap
••i3wp Oriental 5UU— Ogaen. Caeyenae,
" ••:•'. Omaba, Chicago •»i4»*
••j*Op Orient il M*U-4Jgdea. Oearer. .
'-¦¦' : • • Oauha. Chicaja H1U1
r7>**P Yalle jo. Toil Costa aud Way SU-
: . •¦¦. - Uona.... , J»«»a»
;¦ •8t«3p O«cgo« and CalUorala Kiprns.Ma*' . . - .. - ¦
'¦'¦: ¦'-.-¦¦ .- »:»eutii. M»rj«'l'->. IU4illi»«. ¦ ¦
.-;"' . r»ttl»».l. Put"' Hnn.i4 smt Kairt tlll4
COaST niftHfOa («arr»r» C.*mf).
>: » „ <root ot M»rkst 3tre«t >• -
17i43a B*nt» Cm Excursion for Saata
¦'¦¦ '¦¦:¦- Cm and Principal ; Way Btatleoa : S :03»
- ••:13a Kewark.Centeriilie.Ssa Jose, Fcltoa. - - -
:¦} ¦-:::.. ¦¦-,¦ BoalderCreac.SsBt^CrusaBdWs*
••¦'-¦¦:¦ " ButloBS....:..;-...' .-..U..; •4)»««t
•«-; |3ilftr Newark. CenterTllle, 8»:> Jcsb Kew -. . .'
\'':'-'.--' :¦ :-¦- Almadoo. reltoo. lion '«r fwi. 1 '.- •• -
-. ¦''TV ..•'." SaaU Cm an* Trmcrpal . Way ¦¦
:¦¦;¦; SUtloas ;..-..-. ?••!»••
: . a 4tl3p JT»»ui, Ha« Joes, Lrm Gatos....... . *••*•«
'-' w4;!3p Glea-wood. Felton. Baata Cnu...... «»i»»4
%: CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSH riilCISCS— FmI •(»•:.. I XlxMt (ti^ t>— --¦-.
:-. : :«7U» ; . «:«O. 11K»*.m. tl:M *2;:J tl:89
',)¦ ¦•l;03' :- liii :*l:83r^M. -¦¦"-¦ xX-X : '-Xv '-,..= ;.-
trim Ci:U»3-.'Mt •' Jn.l. «».—*« 00 JM 18:00 ».«.
: ., -'ti3:ca-:. n:ca - ti;a *3:M tt.:3 -wu*.
¦.-;¦•¦¦..•; CO»ST IHTIHIO5 (nr«ad«a»f»)i .>../
• "••. -..¦¦".' : (Third and 1cm nserid *»•) . : . •
¦ t«tlO* Oce*:i Tlaw. B«ith Saa Fraactaeo.. ¦ 1*»»*4>P
. t?:*«4 Sa» Jos« anU t?ay SUtkins (N»w
'. • Aluiadeti Wortue«J»j« snly) •l:StV
. «T< S *A Sunday Excursion fcr Saa Jos*. -.. ; :
-.-.., Saata Cruz. TwdSa Grove aad
'--. ' . ' :' - . Prlaefpal Way BUtiocs... ......... $feS3*
•199k Ran Jom. Tim FIwi, Mauta Cms. ,.t .;- •
• - ¦• • ¦- - ¦ Facttte Clr»»a. 1'ui Koblca. 8a» ''.¦".'.'¦
'¦'-... ' , ).¦!!• Obiapo. Surf. Loaipoc anil .'¦ '¦ ¦ '¦
. .- ¦¦'• '¦- ViU elril w»r Stations Mil**
•!•;«•« Saa Joss and Wsy SUtioos. •«tM»
•lltSO* asa.lot«,LoaGatos»oaWsT^Utions *3>3*»
. t*:*it Ssn M»fo. lu4"w>J. Msale Tut. -
Psio Alto. SaaUCara. Han Jose* - : - ;-."¦'¦"
. ' Trea Pino*. Kinu Cms. SaUcaa.
mlantwrey and l'aeifie Qrovs «!•:»•»
f Zi3»r S»a .Im- and Way StaHon* •7iS»r-
M«l5r Saa Jnteaud Principal Way Statlout *9l434
f3:O*p Ssn Jose. Los Gates sad Prindpat
Way Stations ? «•:••*
•5:3Or 3*n Jcto ani Prlniltitl Wsy Stations i »:3»»
•G:.t»p 6»n Jos- *ii ! Wsy Statfoas..'. .. t*:*o*
, sll»4»P San Je— awl Way OtaUons »7t34»p
A tor Monuii. P lot Afternoon.
'Sally. t Sunday excepted. t 3nod»f «o'j.
» Satarday only,
a Sstsrdsy aad Sn»tar. c SstmUt aad Monday.
CALIFORNIA NOSTfl WESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
•: Tlburon Ferry. Foot •! Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAJ» BATaEL.
WEEK DATS— ?: JO. »:00. U:0O a. ra.; 13:11.
t:20. t:10, 1:29 p. m. TUarsdays— Extra trip
at 11:13 o. a. Earorfayi— Extra, txlpa at X:i«
' aad ll:*0 p. m.
> EUNDATS-CM. >:X. 11:08 a. m.: 1:». !:».
(*to 1 *3t d m.'
SAN RAT ATI. TO 8AS» rRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:l». 7:54. »:». U:l» a. m- : U:4«.
1:40. 5:13 p. ta. Eatardays— Extra trips at
1:H aad S:S5 o. xa.
ElTNDATS-!:l». 1:40. 11:1* a. m.;»X:4«, 1:4*.
. I:C5. 1:25 P. O-
Between Saa Praacisca and Sctsttzaa Par*
same schedule as above. .-
~ Leave ~ I In Effect. I Arrtr*
San rranelsca. [Apr. 15. 19<».| Saa rrmndaea.
Week J 6aa- J J 60a- I W«k
Days, f days, f Destination.! days. 1 Pay.'
f:Nia 1:00 a= Norata. 19:40 in 1:49 aaa
»:» po t:Maxa Petalmsa. «:05 pra 1J:S am
r t:13 pm >:M pm Saata. Rcxa. 7:35 pm « JO pn
... ¦ Fulton. . ¦ . . I
IXis ,- Windsor. ... UJia
..-.." HesUdabazy. - '.-"
"•'.•¦ ¦ •¦•. . •:: -.' Lyttoa. ' : ' ¦' :'
•"• .. • • ¦ • ¦¦••• Oyserrllls-.
. l:» pm »:Cfl sx Clgyerdais. 7:35 pm IJ»CT
I:Marat . • 1 Hopland --"I fl»:J5 ta
»:*) pm{ »:00 arcl.'and tTfctait. ] 73S pm| S J» pa>
¦ 7-m«^i ; : - : \ '.'.'•- . ' ' la^Saja '
.:'¦: S:Ma=i OoersarClau T:J3 pa .-
l-IQ'pia ':..:-.' '.- I tdtpra
!:U aaa 1:00 iua Soaoma I »:1S ami »;*• u
•'• ' ; * nd I I
t:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellgn. | tas pm| t-M pm
7:30 asil S:CO ami p»:40 imlttdS us
«:» pmf S:tO pgi| Sgbaatopot. > 7:35 pm| %J» pm
Stares cosaect at Santa Rosa for Mar* Wsrt
Sprinc* and VTtif Solphor Sorters; at Fultoa
for Altrnrla: at Lyttoa for Lyttoa Sprtac*: at
GeyserrlUa far Skacza Bprlnxs: at CUnroTdai*
for ta* Gsys*r»; at Hoptand for Duacaa
I Bprtnrs. Hla-hrand Fprtars. Kels«rrin«. Carts-
tad Pcrlnsrs. Soda BayTLakcport and Bartlett
Eprtars; at tntlan for Vlcay flprtaasv 8aratoc»
Bprtsrs. BhJ» Lftkes. Lanrel Dell Lake. Wlttar
eprlaara, Upp*r Lake. Poao. Potter Taller.
John Day's. RlTtrslde. Li«rl«7'i. Boekaaira,
Banhedrtn Bclcsta. Haimife. Orr'a Hot
Bprlas*. Meadoelno City. Fort Braxr. W«st-
port. UsaJ. Wllrtta. UytcnTilla. CBsmiM.
Bell's Springs.. Haxxla. OUea's. X>yer. Scou»
ar.d Eureka- •¦¦¦¦••':":.- - ' - - •'• ¦
Saturday to ICaaday .rooad. .trt» tlekat>; %t
ttdnced rate*.' -¦-•¦>-• ¦• . ? •¦ '¦
Oa Sunday nnad trip ticket* to all petals
beyond Ban Bafael at half rates. ¦ '¦
I Ticket offices. CO Market at.. Oronle!* bI3c
: h. c. wHrrwo. :; a. x. rtakTT
Otateral liaaa<sr. .; Qgo. Paaav A<«at.
RftL.tFORNJflifM.tED
Santa Fe Route :4
TsGMiciidi
¦ , This Is tbe quickest runcinz tad most •,'¦
¦ °- luzurioas train across the continent.
CoircscnxG Txaix Leaves Sa* FsASciscot
- - i P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Friday and '. :. : .
5atcrday, arriving In ChJcajo at 2- 15 :::';-
¦ P.n in time to connect with all limited
., • trairxs lor .New York. ; • ': " » ¦ I ; ' - : ' ' ' '='." ¦ '
OVtBLAND Leaves Sin Ftainclsw it 5iX
FVDDF^^ p. m. with Palace- aad Tourist
• rw a 11 v •' : ¦ an ior Kansas Cttr. St. Lotus
. DAILY, -Chicago aad East.: : j j
Tvocal trains •• between Stockton,' : ° VALLCY
Fresno, Han ford, Vrsalia, Talaro DO*n
SEC YOU IN S»a FraacJsep: office «3
•pDicrfi «nn>4 Mark«S:reet. PhcaeMaia
TKidCU 3UU,^t s 1£n . Oakland. UJS Broad-
way; Sacramento, 301 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Saata. Clara Streets- ;V-:-» •% ;-. . -°. : \.. ; -.- -¦•. : .:
MILL VALiIeT AJJD MOtH&T ° TAMALTAia
1 SCENIC RAILW AT— Corameacia« Suadar.':
AprU 21 1900. via Saoaailtd Ferna Wat*
' aajs— Lear* Saa FrancUco. S:*J a. m.. I:«4 p.'
so. 8undays— L«av* Baa rraaelseow S a. in..:
¦• a. m_ Ii aw m.. 13 a. m.. 1:M p. m.. !;3«
¦ p. ra- Tlekets eaa b* purchased at t ha SaU-
asrtlto Ferry, norta end of Cnlon Ferry Uepofc
foot of Market iU Eaa Fraaeisco, Far*.
round trip frara £aa rraadsca ma. ¦' • '. ¦ ;
a Dr. Gibbon ? s D ispensary ,
625 KKABXT ST.- . Establlah-4
In I»54 lor the tr*atnopat of PrtT»t»
Diaeaaea,LontMananod. Debility or
disease •KariBx on bodyaadmlndasd
Skin Diseases. ra»doctorcnreswa*a
others faO. Try him. Caaire* low.
CwT+^Km*rmm l»«t Callorwrlt*
Or. J. jr. o 1JKB v >. Kot 19*7. Saa j~raacteea>
U00— FORECLOSURE; modern i room and bath
cottage: sunny.; side of street; 3. blocks from
'nation 1 and-.- school; terms $100 cash. $10 per
• : zncnth. ' ' ¦ ¦ : ' - " '• .. - x - ¦ • . ". . . >
$1900— New moJera ¦ ccttage; 5 rooms f and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc.. com-
- plete; near station and; school;- $100 cash. $:0
' per month. ¦¦'".¦.••¦• ' ' .'¦ ; ' ' .-.:¦•¦
$1650 cash-r^To close! an estate: worth $3000;
.. finest corner In AJarneda:-se« this at once. ! .
-. Fine modei-H house; 8 rooms'. and bath; $3000;
" no money dowr(;,-easy monthly payments; or
'¦" will -exchange- for lot; this -Is a snap. • -. ' ; •
..' ... ¦ ... H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st. '.'
RIORDAN— In tW« city. April ». 1»"<>. Jo-
' hanna Riordan. relict of Engen* Riordan. a
native or MllUtreft. County Cork. Ireland.
1 ap«»d 76 years an J 4 month?.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter, v
ROSSINI— In Oakland. April 3D. MOO. John
Rossini, beloved husband of Sarah Roesini. a
native of Australia, azed 43 years.
RYDELL— In^ this city. April ». 1900. EdltU
Victoria.- only and beloved child of Mr. and
Mrs. John A. Rydeil, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years and & months.
EEYMOCR-In this city, April 30. 13*0. J*ae.
'..wife of Alfred ; C. Seymour, and mother of
Mary. C. Seymour, a native of New Bruns-
• wick.. N-; J...- aired SO years and 20 days.
ORIENTAL- Rebekah Lodge No. 90. I- O. O. F.
' —^Members .are requested • to attend the fu-
'..neral of -our late sister. Jane Seymour, char-
' t«r-.' mernbef. • to-morrow (Wednesday), at 19
o'clock, from. Good Samaritan Mission Church.
¦i Second' ahd Folsorn. streets. °; ¦¦••-¦• : v : . ¦•
.-. , •••¦.-•¦••¦; ..AMY- WEBB; AcUng N. G.
WAEDK&-In ' the City and' County Hospital.
April 30, 19C0, JuUus; Waedke. av native of
' Germany, .-aged : £2 years.;. -•':">¦ • .-• - '¦ ~ ; '. '.'- : '¦ ': ¦
WESTGATE— In this city,. April ». 1900. at h!s
residence, 113 Russ street, . George E.. West-
gate, brother of Ned Weitgate, of R16 Vista,
¦Cal. • • ¦: - : -' : xy.;: : ¦ ' ¦'¦¦ ¦- = .;'." '.:
'. ¦ C7" Remains at the- parlors of X. • Gray.;. *
•'• Co;,-. 641. Sacramento street. . -. = '• •'¦•'.- "
WOBBER— In this cltyi April JO. 1JW.' William.,
¦dearly beloved husband of Marie Wobbsr,
• father of Alma Wobber. brother of Peter W.
-. and the. late Hermann Wobber. and brother-
.••¦in-law of Nlc Diers. a native of Hanover,
..- Of rrr.any. aged hH years 5 months and 23 days.
-. -A -member -of Vereln \ Eintracht and- ; Union
•: = IJodgie N'o.'. fS95; :K^ ofiH. • .' ¦" -¦.••¦,¦'.¦.':•¦".'
¦••'-:.-¦ fc7"Frien.ds : «nd- acquaintances. are respect- 1
" fu!lytn>1fed to attend the fnneral to-morrow
• (Wednesday^ at 2 o'clock, from his late rtsl-
602 Brodertck- street, corner of . Grove..
:'.: '.Interment- L : 0--.O. ; . F/Ge.metery.i' ,-¦:• ••' ' ." ''.
ZGRAGGriN^In •thfs..':cify ; ;.:ArrlT.». -1900, Anna
. • Zgraggen-,-; d*arly : belqYefl-daught»r- of Joseph
.V;an.d :FTan<?l?ca-.zVrasgenj : - sister, of ' Elizabeth/
; Paul apd. Maria Zgraggenl and rranddan*hter
••¦: of;. Maria- 'Zgraggen..-a..'nat.lye- :of San Fran-.'
:.-"'cisco.-agedH) montha-''..' /:V-- '-.':- : '¦•'•¦ '-'-•- •¦"¦'-¦';
HAUSSLING— In Lambrecht, Rhelnpfalz, Ger-
many. April 7. 1300, Jakob Hausslinr. dearly
beloved father of Mrs, R. Hlnkelbeln. • Mr«:
L Schaffrath. Henry and Max Haussling and
Mrs. W. Bolwlri of San. Jose and Mrs.^C.
Hoffmann of San Francisco, and {rrantftntn-r
of Carl, Hattie and the late Ernest Hoff-
JOHANSSON-In : - Mill Valley. .April $BJfc 19W.
Frans Augusr. beloved husband of Emm* O.
: Johansson, brother of Peter. F. W .and Albert
Johansson, and cousin of Peter West and-E.
A. Sehelln of. Oakland, a native of Olond.
Sweden, asred 34 years and- 22 daya. -...- '=.
iCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:*0 o'clock, from the par^
lors of Valente. Marlni & Co.. 13*4 Stockton
; street, thence to K. of P. Hall. 909 Market
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of the Swedish Society at 1 o'clock.
Interment CjTDress Lawn Cemetery..- .-••.-
KANE— In this city. April SO 1900,: John F..
beloved husband, of ' Eliza J--Jyane; brother of
the late Thomas L. Kane, and;unc!e of C. S.
Orcutt and Gertrude Keene.A native of New
Jen<ey. aged 63 years: 1 month and s days.
EXFrlend* and acquaiptances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha-fuoeral to-morrow
(WednesdayV. at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. 2«6« Mission street. Under the
«u«pic*3 of Mission Lodge No. 165. F. : and
A. r M Interment. Masonic Cemetery. : . Re-
mains : at the funeral, parlors ot Bunker. .&
Lunt, :*©5 Mission^ street:- .'. : •; ;.:.: -r . ¦/:,
LAW— In Clarendon, Texas.;- April 23. 19C0. Rev.,
Victor 'Marshall; beloved husband of Nora
F Ur, and ' father of ' Valentine. ¦¦ Matigaret
and Florence Law,- a native of .Illinois^ aged *7.
years. ¦ "' • • '¦ ' - '•' ' ¦ X '¦'.¦¦'
LYON'S-In this city; April 80/ 1300, Thomas
Lyons beloved brother of Patrick, Hannah
and Annie Lyons.: Mrs. J, Frawley and; Mrs.
Ellen Gilhooly., » native Of Cregan. Ballinv
loe. County Galway, Ireland, ased 47 years.' .
. . [CTFTiends and acauaintances' are r**pect-
' fully in^ted to attend the funeral to-m'orrxrnr
¦• (Wednesday), at ?;30 o'clock, frbm.the parlors
• of the Henry J. 0allagher Undertaking Coni-
-pany. 50 Fifth street,: thehce tt? : St.; Joseph's
Church, .where a solemn Tequlefn. mass. : will-
|W! celebrated -ifte ¦'• the •'r?poee:;of : hls' soul,
:commi8nclnB..at 19 o'clock-- Interment MoUnt
.. Calvary : Cemetery*,: ¦¦ j ¦.:¦=.::.-.:: '.. : = . ,- ;-;
McBRfcAttTT- Ittthia city. :April 3ft;. 1900. Cath-
• eirihe ¦•i-belo'cpd • wife 1 . .of. James; :.MeBrearty 4 :. a
• : native of Cbiihty : Cork.. Ireland, raged 66:years.-
: . , ryThe- fiin.eral'^llL -take.- place 1 tr^raprraw
•¦¦{Wedhesday-j.-'at" 8;la'o'cipck;..'frfjm her.late
residence.- » Columbia" square, : whence- to St.
• : "••'¦Patrick's GhJireK.- where -a- requlerfl hl?h: mass
- will be : celebrated 'for. the. repose bf her. soul
'¦'¦ aV 10 o'clock '¦": Jnterraen-V'H^y;- Cr<»«s : peme.r
: Mc < r^E-ln : Xhls'; 'citjr.;--|-AprU *V i^o;. Joseph.
tudlow.- beloyea nuftand; ot IJelen L.. Me-
• Kee father Of Mab>l . H. .McKee, arid brother
I of 'Anna K. Wurkman of ..L6si Angeles: and
; Mrs :¦ <3eorse : W, .'WarVl. of Brooklyn,' NL -. Yy.
"¦ a. native of MlddletoWn. Jgpnn.^iaged 61 years
:- 3 months and 1 day. A -member. of Golden
" Council. • (Rochester .-.and: Brooklyn,. 3S.: 1...
papers please copy.) • -':•-.,;:; ." •' :•'-' .r yi
•• MCTFrienfls and accrualjita.nce.? ; .ar? .-respect;
•' fully. Invited to attend the .funeral .to^mprrpw-
• (Wednesday)., at 1^0- o'clock, from his. late
• residence. 43 Chenery. street. . between OThlr-
' tieth and Randall streets; Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
enerrery- and Randall streets at 2:1a o clock.
McGUSHIX-In this city. April SO. l«00. at St.
Mary's Hospital, James MeGushin. a native
of Dromod, County Le.Itrim ; Ireland, aged
43 years and 1 month. ¦¦
' ¦ B^TThe funeral will take plitce to-morrow
fWednesJay). at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
ior* of the Pacific Undertakers. TT7 Mission
street, thence to St. Paul's Cnurcb. Twenty-
ninth and Church streetB. -where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repo6e of his
soul commencing at 9;S0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • :
McMA.NUS— A r<*qulem mass cf month's- nrind
• will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
• of the late Michael- McManus it St. Patrick's
Church to-morrow; -(Wednesday), commencing
at fi o'clock. Friends are. respectfully invited
to.' attend. . ' : . ':
MOFFATT-In. this- city. April: ». ISM.-WU-
llara N.. beloved husband of Maggie Moffatt.
and father of Edward Moffatt. a native of
Scotland, aged 4S years. A member of Ale-.
• mania LodBe No. 8. K, of P. ,
' • ir7-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully 'invited to attend tfce funeral tMs day
' (Tuesday^ at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.- 2905 Sixteenth street, near Howard.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. ¦
M0GA>i— In this city. April ». -1900. Margaret
- T daught-r oT the late John C! and Catherine
MorarL and Bist*T of P- J- Mogan. a native-
of- Boston. Mass.,. ased 4S years and 10
months. <Troy. N. Y.. and Boston. Mass..
paper* pleaxe copj-.> -
ICTThe Xuneral will take place to-morrow
?Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the chapel of
St. 'Mary's Hospital. Remains at the mortu-
ary chapel, St. Mary's Hospital. Interment
Mount Calvary. Cemetery .-
PARKER— In Alameda, April 29. 1900. Harold
David Parker, beloved son of Fred W. and
¦Jennie E. Parker, (nee Peterson), a native of
Pan Francisco, ared 9 montfcs and 20 days.
'•- K> Friends are respectfully Invited to.at-
' tend "the funeral this day - <Tuesday). at 1
o'clock, from .the residence. W09 . Bay .street-
Interment ¦ private.". . ; ¦ • -' •-';¦ -¦ •'.-'.
PARKINSON— In .Seattle, Washr.' April JO. 1800,
Klchard R-. beloved husband of Helen Park-
inson, and father of E. J.. John P.. -Emma
and Edith Parkinson. Mrs. George M. Stew-
art. Mrs. -H^- B. McAvoy, :Mrs. J. B. Loughary
•-'and; the late ' Mrs. . Flora: Smart. : a native of
: London. Enjland, . •">" • . :' . . - ,
• •¦•¦!ry Notice :'of funeral hereafter.' St :'..:¦.; :",)" : '-'.:. :
DAVlbSON—April • "2S. 1900. : Georse .Fauntleroj-
Davidson, son of. George- and Ellinor : pa.vtd;..
'¦¦:. son. aged 37 years. -\ •' ¦ . -V- " •V;'-' ! i iJ^-^; : > : ''
' , C7"Sen-lce» private at his bome...22;i Wash-
ington Etreet. this day (Tuesday ). vat J p clock..
Cremation aL Odd Fellows' Cemetery. : •.__. : ;.;V.
DE VEUVE— In Larkspur. Cal... April ftf, 1900.
Hennr P beloved husband : of : .Louise :de
• Veuve and father of Harryi Arthur *nd ; :Atiee:
de - Veuve, and son of .Mrs. Henry, de veuve.
a native of Texas, aged - 4J .'years/-.' - ; ;> ; ' .•¦:- ? >V"-\':
ICTFriends and acquaintances. '.are: reypect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral; this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock., from ,St: : Stephen's,
Episcopal Church. Fulton -. street;-. ; bf tween-
TVeb-ter and Fillmore. Remains lat^ the. fun-
er»l Parlors of Banker * Lunt. .^Mission
Ftreet Mission Masonks V Temples -. Interment
Cy cress Lawn Cemetery, by electric ; funeral
car from Eighteenth- and : Guerrero-, streets.;-.-
FLORENTINE-In this city: April J9. 1900.
Alexander Florentine, beloved \ husban4 . of
Margaret Florentine, and father, of. \\il!iarn,
Walter and George Florentine;. Mrtr. A. G^.
Heyl and Mrs. E. Wi : Little/ a. native. of New.
York, aged 67 years. -.¦¦¦.¦-' .'¦ :¦ x.?-}^ \*''
FORTMANN — In Alanieda, •' April JO. 1900.
Henry, beloved husband: of Anna Fortmann.
ahd father of Mrs. James McMa*t«;r. Mrs.
Bert Noy and Henry. Annie. Ernil and. t\ al-
ter Fortmann. a native .of ¦Bremervoerfe i -
Germans-, aged M years:.: .•••• •¦:¦'¦•'.•-"'•¦•..'
¦CT Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday).- at I o'clock^at Cali-
fornia Hall, S20 Bush street. San Francisco,
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery... ':¦'¦''
FOSTER-In Napa. April 30. 1900. . Ludwick
Foster, beloved husband ot Alice ; Foster, a
native of Germany, aged 49 years.'-. - :
GREY-In this city. April ». 1900. Mrs. Sadie
Grev dearly beloved wife of John Arthur
Grei- the well-known horseman and trainer.
a native of Wales. England, aged 30 years and
6 months. -(New York. Chicago and Pennsyl-
vania papers please copy.) . X^- ¦
ETFrlenis and aeauaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-morrpw
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, . Interment I- O.
.:. JCT Kindly, omit flowers,- ;¦' ' : "V- :^%.C''' -- •'
CATAFORDr-in this city. -Apr" 2?.. ml/an-
; dre.belovea -.husband pf.:. CeceHa Cataford
•.father of- MarKaret Cataford^ and ,. Fon. Jol-
-•.William an«l J\.rtami>>e'-Cafafor4.a native, .of.
Canada.: -.aged. % . : 3S' .years -.-: .and Jd
; months... -..(Moiitreai; Canada,- .papers.- _ please-
' : --°C7 : Friend* and 'aequaintances /are ;. 'resj>«fct" ?
.'.fully -invited to attend the ...funeral this; day
: «Tuesda>). at 8 o* clock.: ; from the parlors .Oi-
: /the. Pacific : .Undertakers;: ." •; Mission =-«treet .;
' thence to St. ;PauVs Church, where :mass will
.- ;.be. celebrated : lcrXhe'Tep6BeotM*£^r£<£*-
.i ir.encing- at .9. o'clock;.- ¦. interment. Holy Cross
:.-, Cemetery; ¦.¦•.""•:.¦-• '.'• ' '..v ¦•--••:-.•*..• .'.-: ' J -.-Vj.- : - ' -'*"¦
'CHASB-In ••; tWs.' city; -April :Jte '-WOO.- --EYa,
.daughter .of Warren Chase;. and sister. oI-LU-
-. lie -CKase. : 'i native ; of ¦Callfcrniai -aged- -20
CURRAN-In thiiViDfitiv^Ap^i -SO.-/ 1X6. ;'rat : Ws
v residence^: lOitt ?, Bro«*e"riek.-- street;: .- • Jo.hn . E.
: >:Curran.'.!-ecpnd spn'of-.' Elizabeth- a nd^.the late
V Bernard* Curran. ¦ s/ native of- San Francisco;
BLUNT— April 28, 1900, John P.. bjloj'ed. hus-.
. band of Sarah, and brother of T>- G.
and stepfather of WiHiam D. ar.d Arthur B ;
Worster. a native of Massachusetts, aged i»
. C^Friends and accualntaEces are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .this .day
JTuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, '-'roia. '- T Edd>
• street, under the auspices of Pacific^ Lode*
No. 129. F,-- and- A.. M;-; Intertnent Masonic
1 ¦-. •. .' : '' ; ¦: : l '¦ .-¦'.- ...:.' ¦¦•'¦¦•¦:¦•• W>
BRIGOS-In- this city, April ; S3.' . 1900;: M £fi.E-
.L. Briggs. > native, cf CalifOtnia. fteed Ji
BCKKE-In this" city. ' April 30; \^'-<X£ n J&
dearly beloved .husband of Annie Burke, and
: father of G. E., J.: F. and.il.. L Burke. Mrp.
, Charles E.' ThOmpsan.. Mrs.- .-I..- Isaacs*. Mrs,
F. Russel. Mrs. William Hanlan and Mrs.;F ;
..' M. Bucklln.; a. native ;of- Ireland.-.- aged S.
CA^LAGHANiln- this city;" April .' 30. 1900. .Dr.
•John Dowpey.'.. husband., of -Maria- Encracla
Munras Callarhan. a. native. of, Irelana. . -;•¦/-.
Callaghaa. Dr. J. D. McGushln. James
Cataford. Learcdre McManus. Michael
Chase. Eva Moffatt. William N.
Curran. John E. Mogan, Margaret T.
Davidson. George F. Parker. Harold • D.
De Veuve. Henry P. Parkinson. Richard
Florentine, Alexander Riordan. Johanna ¦
Fortmann, Henry Rossini. John
Foster. Lud wick RydeU. Edith A -
Grey, Mrs. Sadie • Seymour. .Jane ¦
Haussling, Jakob Waedke. Julius
Johansson. Franz A. Westgate. Ge-rge E.
Kane, John F. , Wobber. William
Law, Rev. Victor M. '"Zrrareen, -Anna : -. •
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend Xo. ' 164 ¦ (30 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at tbe office of the ccmpa.ny.
127 Market St.. on and after. Tuesday," May L
1W0. Transfer books will close on Wednesday.
April SS. 1300, at 3 o'clock p. ra.
: ; • W. D. K. GIBSON, Acting Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notlee-^THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY iCen.)-^A dividend. No. 17 of
Sfirentyflve cents :(7Sc) per ehare on the is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
d*clar»d. payable at the . office of the com-
••pany. -<30 California .et.. San Francisco on
May 16... 1*00. Transfer books close May 3.
V-W), at noon. . A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND ¦-¦ KOTICE5.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
STEVENSON, .642, bet. 7th: and Sth. near New
Pr»stofflc#— Fnrn. hkrr, rms.: bath; central.
SOUTH "PABKi 1S4— Two sunny front rooms;
• nicely /furnlrhrd; convenient: housekeeping.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
srTTER, ilil. near Larkin-4Com;ortably furn.
' : . single ¦ suites ; also hkpg.; terms reasonable.
EUTTER. F22C— Unfurnished frost rooms with
. mantel, 'gas.. and. closets.--. SS SO. '•'
toThe bonds '"of friendship ¦are stronger
than the ties of Jdndred, y..-- : : ; ; ? : .::.v : /?v 1 *'£?>.
i The final session .hi the » cbfiyentibn of tii«>?
German .Catholic siociettes;'. Of :, CaHforn!* ,
was , held yesterday, • after;* the rdelegates"
had attended a high mass at St. Anthony's
Church: The election of officers resulted
as followst: ; President. F.-B-Scboensteini:
first vice- president, George Buecker; sec-"
'end vice. , president: -:J!»ud,:.y.-: Kaesf el4;-- re» 7
cording, and flnandai vsecretary. - Henry ; F.
BuddetY correspondins : secretary.; Car. A«
Schnabel i treasurer, :^Jicdb i Fredricks;. di
rectors i : Robert Frost, Charles P. qonrad
and,. P.;:.A; .Meyer. vSan Ff anoisco was
chtjsen as. the Piece of meeting" for. next .
y^ar.
German Catholic Officers.
Merchants After a Short Work Day.
-A committee. representing the fruit and
cctminlssion. men will meet A. D. Shepard,
peneral freight: agent of; the Southern Pa
cific Company, to-day: to secure^ .decision
concerning fixed hours for the delivery of
freights. TThis. is a part of the movement
to shorten, the : hours of store keeping,
•which has already. given rise to one_ meet
ing of the merchants. If Mr..^Shepard
shall decide that the company will deliver
no freight before 4 a. m. and none after
4 p --"v m. W. the trade • the movers for .the
shorter dair say : that they will : have ac
cPinplished their purpose. .:.¦.-: . [¦; ;f. ¦..¦ :
ten if«et of- him without- stopping. . ' A- few
. naoments: : later, his ¦ frail;- craft.- struck -:a
rock; and -Smith vwas> thrown .Vqut.. He
scrambled on some rocks and^ took off:
his pink shirt, Vwhichlhe wayed at passing
craft, but jvplnk was npt an ¦•:• attractive
color to any pf. the mariners :passing that
wai',: and Ithey: failed to: respond.'?.:- ¦¦ - : i ; - :
-;Xhe:s>hip'Wrecked sweeper says he. thinks
he was: cast away on -Lime. Pointy and he
stayed there without food '.Until
rhornlh{r : at 9 , when/ a- soldier,
named Wordsworth; crosslhg: in ! :*¦•' boat
from Anger Island to the. Presidio, picked
him: up V.and: landed him; at : the-.Presidio
dock.-:/^:Ar :;;¦¦:.:¦::¦:•:;:•-:•.; :;i'Sjy. : ¦' T [ : ~--\i '¦;:•;
: ¦.Sweeper ' Smith's' .thrtlltng. stdry : - would
be readily : believed cbuld. it-be: proved that
such a man; as Bqatnian Sheehan is mlssr
ing:, but ltcarindt be found that any such .
person •even' existed^ : . Chief • Wharflhger i
-Henderson intimates that Smith is: "sniok
ing.*-'.. : The:.bweeper- : l3 one 'of; Governor
Gage's. . Los , Angeles . pets. He la to . have
a job in the pssnitentlar>': when there is an
openinp.. No rescued: eastaway was:.landr
ed at the: Prpsidto: wharf Saturday. or. at
any time recently , so . iar : as the post • au
thorities: know.--' '.'. ¦-.-."¦ yyy ¦':¦¦.- [¦'', %:.:¦' ¦.-..- '". : ; ¦
Delia M.
dourslng;; PariEi- 1 :^ :.: Sixty- four: high-class
ddgd -.wlli. -compete; ..for- big- prizes, and. a .
gbod 'day's sport is I assured to- : the follow-:
€irs:; of ": the ; interesthig: pastlind. , Interest
will >"0enter;lri -the: perfbriniance of Sarah
Gold,- an .Emiri Pasha-altoriehaha pup,:
which will inalte its Mnltfal appearance on
the sward. -.; ;'.j i-".\~-" ''.¦'¦'.'¦¦'¦: -.'': ; "'i
The probable winners in the first, round
,are: May Queen, Rlenzl. Wandering Tom. ;
Wonder. Hurricane, Metallic, Lavender.:
Maid, of Erin, iviagnate, Santonin, . Freda.
C, Slim. Sleety, Mist, False Flatterer.
Tyrone ¦ Prince, Los ; Angeles. ¦• tottie :. "iI»- :
Shy lock. Boy,- Statesman. St. Anthony.:
Brin; Risky Attempt; Vixen, ."ilagrteto,*
Auckland, Red Hind, Royal Artne.,Round
about. Thornhlll. Sleigh Bells, Wild wood
and Paplta. The prizes offered are: Win-O
ner. $60; runner-up, $40; next two, $20; next
four, $12 50; next eight. $7 50. arid .next:,
sixteen, $2 50; total. $290., Hares are run
ning mu=h stronger .: than . tot the past ¦
three months. The running will begin on
the arrival of the 10:15 train. Following is
the result of last night's drawing:; ¦ • =: : v>
Midweek reserve stake, stxtJT-fQtir <xitrfe*-H. \
Lynch's Lexington v», Erwiu. A Lyon f a 3Iay
Queen; Pasha Kennels' Rude ' Awak»nlns *¦- :¦'.'.
l»aaha K.enoelaT Jtest Aasuredi^I^ande &G«t
ber's Rlenzl vs. J. I. O"T}rien's.tVandering. Torn: :
R. E. de B. Lop«& Son's Wonder ts; Aeneia
Kennels" Agfljnemnon ; J. Hnrley's Hurricane
vs D. K. Carter'* High Jlnka; Paaha Kennels".
Metallic vs. J. P. Thrift' »: Tar o* Hill; J. M.
Halton's Lavender vs^.B- Silver's Reaanex: ,,
Aeneld Kennels^ Maid of EJrlB vs. F* P. Clarke' ¦ 3
Sarah Gold; F.: Van Sogater"* tnamee) Magnate
v«. A. L. Austin's Thorndale: --$i. ¦¦J. Edmtjnits'
Go On vs. W. C Glasson's Samonin; C. Bon
nln'e (names) Bosery B<sy v». George Nather
cott's Freda C; W; Sr«amer r s Jesse Moor* ?»>.-
Jeff Martlnette's Slim;. T. J.Cronin's Rose cf
Tralee vs. Sterl & KnoWles* Slee{y Mist : Pasha ,.
Kennels' Rolllckine AJrs vs. J.. A.. GafJney's
False Flatterer; J. P. ThrUCs.Ty.rone Prtac»:
tb. W.' H. LdrtCa Revolver: J. Ad»m»' Wild
Lassie vs. A; ¦ L-' Austin's . Lost Anjele*::, .K..:-
Lynch's Lottie M vat J. J; Edmon^.Mqrnlni:
Glory F. A. McGomb'S One.Spot vs.; J,i Hurv? ;
ley's Shylock Boy; J. 1. O'Brlen r s Statestnan tm,
n. I* Taylor's (names) .Wlnntng Lassie;. N.: F r
Whiting's St. Anthony vs. • Sterl & Knowles'
Rlprle; F. A. McComb's Said Pasha. VSi. ;.M. :
Dunlea'S Erin; D. Winder's ifnamee) Rlslcy At-:
tempt vs. A. Masse'a Hidlwlst; F. .Brown's
Sweetbiiar vs. T. J. Cronin's Vixen; J. Carrotr?
Bluestonft vs. J. Carroll's Auckland' 11. Lon«v
don'* Magneto vs. Sterl 4s Knowles' G'llara: J, -
Carroll's Red Hind vs. R. E. de; B. 1»d«z & ;
Son's Diablo; G.. Abercrombie's Victor King "»s, .
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne; Pasha. Kennels*'-
Roundabout vs. J. H. Muller*p Cruiser; T. -J--
Crouir.'s Thornhlll vs. O. ¦'W. Hetntz-s Rustic
Beauty; "W. ¦ C- ¦ Glasson's Sleigh-' Bells 1 *•>:. J^i'
Austin's Firm Fo«; J. Murnane's Wild wood ysJ
Captain Kane's Miss • Penman : . R. B.. da B. :
Lopez & Son's. Miss- Pepltay*. X Q. Mack's-
An; Interesting : Card to; 4 Ba >Btui
v;V'-'v;OfE-r|ftt:;Unioii;> Coursing :
. Park.
',; -A' midweek' reserye stake; of .uixusual' ex
cellence witi; be riin off to-day at Union
MAYDAY STAKE WILL ¦¦ :.,;•;: .;
OUT GOOD DOGS
without accomplishing much beyond the;
election: of ¦ Third "Vice -President .; J;; -C. ;
Stubbs. of the- Southern- PaclnC aSiChair
irian of the conference. "¦¦ : ?. ':-': : M V^V'-S'^i
There seemed: to be some confusion at
th^ 6futset : as: to the reason -for con
ference; but- it was generally, tx-iderstood
to mean a readjustment of .the trans-Pa-:;
cific and tr.ariscpntinental.trafflc. The only,
action taken was the appointment of a
cornmlttea composed of representatives of
the various trans-Pacific steamship coin
panfes to talk; over the . faroposltion and to
formulate: definite conclusions, as to What
Is needed.: The cpramlH*? was Instructed
to. report progress thlsrmornlng.^ The
committee : members: are; P. E.. Brown,
Hongkong manager of the Northern Pa
cific Company: General .Manager R. P.
Schwetin -¦ of the Pacific Mall Company,
who represents also- the. Occidental and
Oriental and Toyo:..Kiseri: Kaisha lines;
General Agent Dodwell of the Northern
Pacific line; J. 8. Van Bureh, ; manager of
the Toyo Risen Kalsha . lines at Hong
kong: Alexander Center of the Occidental
and Oriental line: A. S. Mihara, Hongkong
representative of: rthe • Nippon "iusen
Kaisha: C. S. Whealler, Hongkong agent
of the Dpwdell line;: J. S- Van Buren of
¦Hongkong, and Stoddard Of the Occidental
and Oriental Company. •;-:
; The principal matter that the conference
has to consider i3 the inward-bound^ traf
fic '•• to overland .points in the United
States. During the past ten years the de
velopment of the Oriental trade has been
so rapid that steamship lines have multi
plied very rapidly. There are now eight
competing lines and the tonnage has in
creased to such a degree that freight rates
are greatly reduced to many points. It is
now sought to divide the business so that
all of the trans-American roads that con
nect with trans-Pacific steamship lines
may make a profit, instead of cutting
each other's throats, as they claim they
are doing now. The whole scheme is to
beat the Suez canal jcompetttion.
The railroads and steamship lines rep
resented in the present conference are:
Canadian Pacific Railway Company in
connection with the Canadian Pacific
Steamship Company; Great Northern
Rallwav In connection with the Mppon
Yusen Kalsha from Seattle; Oregon Rail
road and Kavi gallon Company in connec
tion with the Northern Pacific Steamship
Company- from Portland: Santa Fe Hall
road Company In connection with the Cal
ifornia And Oriental Steamship Company
from- this: port and Sari Plego. and the
Southern : Pacific Company in connection
with? the Mali.: Occidental and Ori
ental^ and Toyo Kisen Kalaha companies.
The 1 other transcontinental roads repre
sented In the conference are the Rock Isl
and.' Union Pacific, Chicago and North
western. Rio Grande Western and Denver
and Rib Grande. ;;, v. ;^ '; _, , , »
The number of important officials at
tending the conference seems to be a sur
prise to. even the local railroad people,
and It is freely predicted that the results
will be Important, The proposition Is a
hew. one, butit Is generally understood
and generally appreciated. '. .
¦t FRED C. SMITH, WHO SAYS HJS COMPANION WAS DROWNED.
: =' •The Pacific ! Unitarian ;. Conference. • six
; :the : teenth:".s;e.s8lpri,:willTbe-'in • SJnltarian
"¦clmrch, /Berkeley,- -.frotri- : Tucsday> ; May 1,
• to '¦¦¦ Friday ,' May. 4.- ; The ¦ last > day ; pf . the
.Besslon ¦wlll : be-devoted to business; -.'of -the
Women's '. Unltartan Conference.': • ..." : ¦
•Unitarian . Conf erehc^.
: 'i)yin|:;
.."•• Prank : ".Gfv" "Edwards,; ..ie.x-Plre '-epmrisls>
slpher- arid \t Or : TTiariy Xyea'rs' • pr.esldeiii \^L
the board,; is • confined „• to- his:;ihome.;.on"
Dolores- striset :by. an iattack" of fUness- that'
is of:'«b- grave :-a character -.that.- Jhdr!eV;is'
¦no . hope ,ot •hls/TeeOveryi-'.'.'Ho.; -hiid:' b^?'n":
ailing- for .some. thne. : "- -but^"-.wiUtio'..iak. Jfe'w:
.days lie has ;.been fatlinjg' rapidly.!,: The
end niay come : at ¦ any hibment; ¦ , ... -v \"'~. .
The .bea-uiifuV:- 'Czarina,' ? the '..nicest r arid
e'asiiest; : stioe izr-l the.' market, : riiade; of . the
very : best- vlci.. kid,-' hand turned, -Will' be.
.sold for- only. J1.5D a'ipair- at : the-.Bee;-Klve
Srioe CovV. 7l7:.Market.,st.-,; hear Third. /. • .•¦. '¦'¦
To-Mbrrow;"
Members of ;;the ./Society :o;f Ameri^i^
:. • - Wars Make 'Merr^i^Thefc j^£> 1
' ;¦¦ '-'¦¦'•; : i::?
% The> Society- of . Amcricaii . WarsJ'.- Cp'm
mandei-y *>f the'.State pf;<;aiK6rnia.'. held
its &ecpnd annual- banquet lastf,njght/.;in"
the niarble-rooin : of : th^.;Palace?ij.otel-."to
Gommerriorate the llltri" ariniverpary-'of : th$
inaugiiratlpn ot: George;- Was/hingtpri:' as
President of the United States. ?'\ :j : ' j,;.:
% A bountiful' feast wa?=spr-ead Qri.a'.-hor.Be;-.
shop table, whl<r^. ; was decorated- with red
rose^. Prayers were : said -.by Rev; William
A. Brewer,. "The.follpwing.: toasts^.wer&fjg;-
Epondedtb: - ? .--:.'-*; ." 'f' ¦¦;•¦':': 'Jf-^F'.i'l'-'*- '"'
"Thr- Prfesiat?ncy." Ir*-Irig3I/ Soott ;'/'3"he.
Navy;" Coriirriarider .. Franklin J:vI)rakeJ.
."Our City.ln'i : BelatJ6n>,tp Or;Jental,:G.oTfl
merce," : William ii.'.JbrdaniitThe/Arriiy
and the Patriot Givlllan,: 1 - William JI.iAri-
detison; • Captaii) Henry : :Giass," U,; S.-- N:,
acted as ¦toastmast«>r.":.i ;.¦•::•; :.'i. ; -;;" :.:C i,}
ENJOY THE PLEASURES . C
r: xof^thS FESjAd iB(Mb
.<Jecirge: Webb Alexander,". -president of
the, • Alexander-Tost i Hardware * .Company
an.d: ar^ellTknown- business niari , of .this
city,': died yesterday:'. at >,Liyermpre, " Ala-,
meda. County; : Mil: ¦?Alexander ..has;been
ideritifled with the' hardware business .for"
¦more than : thirty /.years: \; He • lived, with
: his fiimfly at. 1020 Potirteenth Street;-Oak-
;la'nd. ; . Deceased :leaves"a;' widow, and two
sons,/ QtorgeVA, arid.. Jesse ' Alexander.- ; .
PROMINENT MERCHANT V
tl ji IS CALLED BYv DEATH
Eiijgaged i^iia-Saiopri "Quarrel Witli
: v }--Ht!S ; > Bmth^rv Stabbed
Him.
¦William and -. Edwin Tohlar , ¦¦¦ broth
eVs', residing at.Sld ;Cryant fttree.t, engaged
-In a' quarrel in a saloon at 531 SUth.street
last night arid • as? a " rlesul t :.'. the; "f prnier
stabbed his brother Edward In.- the thigh.
The " mother of. the .young ] men , raji-'- ber
tweeri them and attempted tfb . secure ipps
sesglon.ot'tnd; knifje arid was badly cut in
the haiic 1 . -.. The: wounded man was rempv r
ed ; to the ' Receiving "Hospital. : : After, his
injury had- been dressed he was taken to
the: City. Prljspn and charged, with disturb
ing thepeace; 'WiUiatn Pohlar. escaped In
fh« excitement.' • The police, are' searching
fbT.him: The; mother had her injuries
dressed by. a. faitiliy .physician.) •Family
trouble. Was : the cause Qf .the. quarrel; v ¦: '¦
WILLIAM POHLAR TRIED
• Th« Alcazar. Stock r * Company ' operiod'
this week \ rwith V- "Sue," an .adaptation
from Bret.- Harte:«; : ."The ; Judgment :of
Bolinas Plain,'^ to a . good \ audience, c In..
point of numbers, and . appreciaiibn, Mr;
Hastings. Mr. .'Williams' '.and. "Miss 'I>aura
Crew^ being caUe^l • before the. curtain
several times; The, local coloring of "the
play is aboufthe same., as the, old theirie
of the days of forty>nlne, except that th©
Bcene is laid. In .a. *tockrralslrig locality
and. there are no-'miriers tP'be. seen.- The
old-time vigilance committee;-.with"-pis
tols in their belt* and Rrilves: in : their
boots. do the farcical business In'. the last
act,, and the audience laughs- at ' the -ab^
purdlty of it "a}L i The villain Is tried by
Judge Lynch for the murder, of- the Sher
12, and the . trial is rudely; germinated - by
Alcazar.
California.
: There was a good attendance at t th9.Ca}^
Ifornia last night^and a-better-"apprecia
tion of the work of Jaihes;N"eIll and./hls
cle\-er company in. "The Gilded. .FobLI'.Tlie'
play ¦ runs more : smoothly 'and; actively
. than on the opening, night and • not witij-
Et&ndltig comparisons between ICat-Gpod-
the creator of .the etar role, and Mr.
Nelll, is well worth seeing. .'•-..;. r ::-:¦•
. 'Ward and Vokes have tills week to run
at the Columbia -Theater, . W.here. they 'iaris'
In high favor with ihci'r production- of
'.The Floor "Walkers." : ,~ The .- ftnal , week'
of' the engagement -liegan--- -with -. last
night's performance, on .which,: occa^lph
a number of new songs,. -dances and jjags
were introduced . by Ward and . ; .Vokes,;
Lucy Daly, Margaret Daly Vokes". and
"the amusing . liebrew •'' Impersonator,
Geor-gc Sidney. The last performanc«! by
ihese people will take plaie next Sunday
night. Much Is expected of Yale's trick
fantastic spectacle, "The Evil Eye,"
which is to be seen for the first, time in
this city at i the Columbia Theater riext
Monday night.- ' .:. • '-; -;: ¦ •¦" . • , ; 1 • ¦ , ? A;
Columbia,
- Blanche CJiapmaij'e. burlesque, ot = Mrs,-
Leslie Carter in. "The, Heart of Mary
land" won the -audience; as did Chris
Bruno'6 imitation of Henry .'Irving. -Pret
ty Mabel Russell . made, friends with her
graceful and lively dance; : Harry Cash-^
man made a. decided hit with his : Hebrevf
song; ixmise'JRoyce and Ida Jlawfley. were
commendable in ibeir xoles," and Isabelle
Underwood made a;' pleasant impression
by a song entitled "breams." • . . ' '. • •" • ••
• The play, by reason of the earnest ef
fort devoted to it and the widely diversi
fied specialty '• acts . Included i in \ it, should
have a euccessful run.- •- -¦¦' y, ' ¦", ¦*.¦;-"
•; "In Gay New-'Y^rklhiB -aiiQdgerpoage^
consisting of songs.jphorases sindspectaUjr
acts which dp not seem to have any -;*xf.
cuse for being, -'.tout ¦ which amuse. the* ay
dlence and keep '.things mDying-.' '..This.;: is
certainly the note jiim of the-' manager- anrt
eimplifies the situation: There are pretty:
women, good danctrg, : some, acceptable
boIo singing .and fair! character work.'
Taken as a whole the entertainment wa>
¦well worth the admission price.- : The play
Is well staged and the/action, prompt. . - : . ¦-•
If "Gay. New Tork"; ppsseBses any plot;
and the ; same -can -.be . located • there -will
¦be a largre. reward: paid -to the. discoverer
by anybody looking for plots. ¦. There Is no
rhyme or reason in the nonBensical pro
duction at 'the CSrand Opera-house, but
that . is . a ! matter riot •' calculated to -em
barrass the , box i office; ;by . reason of ¦ th<»
fact that' the ..house. w.as. : 'CJjed'- to its:bUj
seating capacttj- last nigbt*'.' .;, ••;., : •¦:•'¦>¦ '
«The Wizard of ¦ the IJile^ Still Pros
pers, Neill Iinprb-ces ftt.th.e Cal-.,'"
"'•; • .. Jfornia"ind u Sn<e" Crowds [ ,' ¦'¦
f\\ ? vc-'/" the Alca2ar.'; ; : '.:-:¦¦•'-;'¦>•
"In Gay New York" Makes
v Merry at the Grand; v
Opera-House.j ? :'/
PAY FOLKS AND
THEIR OFFERINGS
FOR THIS WEEK
-."¦ Professor- H'- s ?C.i Ttomain;^,'. '¦; who"."¦'-.per
formed the-:; hazardpuS;, feat;{of : riding ; a'
bicycle down a .fortjvdegree incline "o^ a
rickety: trestle laEt'Stiriday jri Gien Park,
was Inadvertently confounde-d /with ifbn
aeronaut who met. a riabhap: ; Prpfessof.
ftpmainft's:. "slide "-for.'.iTf«!V-:waj5--.Va cotn^
plete success, and ;of- s'Ue±t;a."nature-as" tp
call for. th>-gj-eatest :arftp : urit of nerve.
Bomaine Not ', tije ! iieronant;
; 'At .the .Chutes?; last, "night MisB':Ma'bel
•ieVciaire./Jate.-pf the/;De Wolf ..lloppor
companyi-scoreiijahit iri : singing 'operatic;
selections.- Other new features are: Fair
bank V brothers,", club, swingersj And ; the
Leons;- trappse-artls<t!».. "Th«; holdovers -are
Jones,; t>a.vi.s atid. ilekrdi V-tho '.Criterion
trio: Erans and- 'Maltfarid. DaVenpOrt.sis-:
terj, Alice Raymond; With the ftewmov).
inp pictures they:- give .a" good : perform*
:'ance:.- /: .v : " ¦':'¦•¦¦' '¦¦¦ '-¦•:¦•"-'¦ y .ht..'i i--:,-,-- ..'..
Chutes.
• There.Is.. good , entertainment ""-ait. the
CHympia this week... : The programme is
made. up. of..-:a:series of 'clever, .vaudeville
acts-'-'and last : night' : eytery= number, was
.•well received. . v ' ¦¦.;¦¦¦¦•'¦ ¦ :*•-."¦• .-* :¦';¦•¦-•' : j-;
Olyxnpia.
: Etta Butler leads In thfc CJrpheumpro
gramme this week. ..ThJr; bright little
California girl, with her" Imitation's'' i.ot
JCethersole, . Mod jeska, Minnie. Madderri
Fiske, Anna Held. Edna May and Fou
gere, runs thenrarnut of tragedy and com
edy and shows: a talent- second only to
Clssie -Loftus. '. Besides her realistic-mim
icry there is the line work of Air. and
Mrs. Arthur Sldman. in their : pastoral
sketch,. "A Bit of Real Life." which is
¦deserving of .more than passing" notice*
Little Fred and his troupe of trained anir
-Rials, Buoman .and Adglle and' the .For
rest Brothers/ also add to the.general-ex
cellence of the. programme, which in ad^
iflition to the :new numbers retains sev
eral pf the best attractions ¦•= of the past
WMk. •".'/ .^••... '.'. : .¦-'•;¦' : • ,. '¦••; . '. .".•;
Orplieum.
The comic opera, "The Wizard of. the
Nile," commenced its third week at the
Tivoli Opera-house last night to. a crowd
ed house. The audience was delighted
with the • sparkling music and beautiful
scenery and costumes, and showed its
appreciation by liberal .applause. The
house seemed to never tire of the "Star
light" part song, and Ferris Hartman for
himself and associates had to beg off.
The production should have as sticcessful
a run as the "Idol's Eye." .;/ ;. ,. ; ..:
TivoLL
the arrival of ¦ the supposed-to-be-dead
Sheriff, at the head of a posse of .law and
order men.: The production is like a page
from the Chronicle of Wolfville and about
as realistic.. It has some good points,
however, the best being that it gives Mr.
Hastings an opportuntly to do a bit of
good acting, which he makes the most of.
!. ' Re-prfseitatives':. of « the .various > steam
ship; arid .'rallppfad ¦.companies ;thaf partici
pate .In Vth-e.-'Orientar trade held •" a', metting
in I the ;AYJellSrFargo\ building :.yesterday '.- to
determine' ,"ui>pni rates, that will give them
'&¦[ fair; 'division. "of/ the ;:traffic.and- at. the
Sam«i I ,..tlm.e i;;eriable iithenv tp^;compete.suc
•bessfuUy."With;fthe? Suez 'Canal. • '¦ .- -.,.".'
i^/rhe; vrneeting:'. yKas -called Vsome months
ago} by;; ; Collis •. P. Huritirigton",- ¦president of
.the. ' Soutlierh: Pacific; {: It ./Was; fully .ill
o.'cl.ocH;. before -the.": representatives .of 'the
yaripua •Vtranspprtattonl ' corporations ,' got
togretheri'jand ; they V talked ¦ for \ two • hours
; P~\-^H^j rate . on transporta"-..
•' li -• '*'^ n °* dry goods,". raw .mite'-/ •
, : 'V; ji ¦'¦ rial, :rriaehinery : arid.-.mariufaC:- .
J- ¦.!•.•': ..?" tured: articles. ls'now..flxgid by
the : .rate' fr^m:- inland .'.points ' : 5agt*<v
-i!ward^^\th^;';Ai'latitic:S9iibolardi and
isX.affe^t.ed • by> the deep-water.; rate; -.
.thi-pugh. t he : Suez eanalj' ;; 0£ course; 1
but I a small 'percentage .: of i the. car- ..'
riageivis • by : rail; ¦ and the-, dlstribu* :
tiph points .are 1 fixed on the Atlantic . :
.^eabpardv }./,:.'$¦'>.- ::- i: /---.'/.''-'-;-V;. ; ,'-^;'J./v;
; When thesame cpmmerce.'is stiftrt- •
ed westward., from ,its - Inland : .:pb!rjts :
"of : .-Origin'. nearly:'5O per cent of . the-.
carriage.' is- by, railj arid 'different .
conditions are at, once : presented.
The purpose: .of.- the . t rahscontin en t al :
.rpadg is-to- stand as a ; unit in . fixing
such a rate-as will = start, the trans-r !
¦pprtatlonpf commerceg-olns to Asia j
;ati once 'westward frpm- Us inland
•origin,-: and '-start all . return com- :
.m'erce .at;. oricfr- eastward from its
•Asiatic orlglrii : Of course, the same
.principle. fipplieW' to 'the trade of ¦
Ne ; w Zealand^Austraiia, Japan,' the
PhiUnplnes/and : the: Straits' Settle
-inentsV I- };:¦}'¦]. ; '.'-)"-.' : v-; '-. : .;' : - : //¦'¦. .' ¦;'
•\:lt;.i3;beUev.eathat by standing; as-.
¦a ¦unit 1 " the '.transcontlnentai roadi;.
can. 1 send; aiiid 1'Teturn a' large • Bhare
: pf ;':this : trade ;.by. the /.ports of this :
.coast, • arid Xdistrlbute : . it from here
I instead of Xroirt the ; Atlantic Coast. .;
'" ;-The..' issue- -is ; :a /great; one.. "It is
. simply. ;:whether- this', transportation :
Tshall g'6' two-thlrds'the circumfer
• erice "of .the globe by water, or .one- -.
fthlrd by Water; and; the? rest by rail."
If 'the rall ;^'ln," the cotton fabrics.'
' and the raw cotton;^machinery, ma- ;
"terial for Aisiatic railway construe-':
'¦¦; lion"; arid all; the- commerce- gener
iated -In-: pur '/exchanges with -Asia
..wlll ; finallybe:handied both ways. on
: this:-eoast;; T; -:V;\" ~ *"¦ .''¦ ;• . . :- : : - ;
;; : rt:.wlU-b€; : se.en readily that this i?
.a/cotiflict between- the: Eastern and
the ;. '.-. trariscontinental: . ¦ lines. Li The
V?ormef:;ndw;get a,8hort.hauV. both
¦¦ways;ih-:thfs.::.trade; ! the [latter- are
.reaching; for a : ;lbrig; haul, both ways,'
••giving. the/ EaStefn'.-raads. 1 ; their share ;
In ; tifie! local; distribution; s H-,:.;-'v *:•'. "'¦¦•'¦
':•.; rti.sjestimated'that'the ijuccessof ;
I -"roads in this .'
•' sdhffm e will ' niake necessary , a large .;
..addi tlph ; to; their: equipmerit arid to '
ythelr , Pperating •.foroe,..;all. of which
:1s. P.f: : in"terfesttp : .thls'c.oast.>. .•'••' : '¦= ..:
tKcONKRENCE MEANS.;:
First :Gonyentlon of the . iKlnd Ever
v KBteid-ontjie: Pacific Coast- — Com- ; •
/r; : v - ; mitte«'v la^ It&mBi to '• For-;.! '..'},
% :^:mulat© iPlaii of -Action. - ; .•
Trying to Readjust Rates for
General Trans-Pacific
Traffic.
STEAMSHIP AND
RAILROAD MEN
IN CONFERENCE
bear directly upon 'his Identity. Those
have been reduceid. to his admission that
the nanie he \ gave is not exactly ; correct.
As a matter of ;f act; he has juggled , his
name : about, added a bit here, .lopped off.
some there, iand thus buHtiup the name
he-now carries.- There : is-; considerable in
this name thit : would serve to , establish
his /Austrian .relationship. ¦ ¦ ; ;.: : .^; : ¦'^¦.- v:
. "There ' is oot: a particle of doubt that,
his/father is. an officer; , In .the .Austrian
arrny, and that this boy has an intimate
knowledge pf. military /matters; '.which
could: only :Cpme /from personal ; . touch.. Is
undoubtedly true.. • v:;;. . -r • .- ;; - > -.;:¦¦¦ •¦¦¦¦. :
"So far as thfit feature ; is. concerned, I
am thoroughly .satisfied: of. the • absolute
:his harrative.'!:.;- ; : .. fv '- ; ••;-¦- ; :
Vetsera will be tried .In Oakland for, the
.crimes he committed .in this, :city; ,T6
.nlghtthree charges; of /assault with. Intent
to rob ,w'er«'. registered against' him -at: the.
City Prlspn. He; wjll be brought into the.
Poliee C<}urjt :-.':-fbf- ; arr^Ignm^t;jt07iinpjTj[»*F-;
morning.
: , Vetsera. was apparently overjoyed at. the
:prdspect- of. speedy itrial.,^;^. . V^':? :: -"; ; ;.i :v:
¦ "That is all I desire." -hie: said: tp^night.
*'I feelt that the sooner; I can gp to prison
thevbetter fdr:me."; : :. ; /: ; .;' ; --' '.'.'^?v>'.'- :¦ ..
; iVetsera: 'admitted^that:withln two-years.
he -had sent iris' papers, to -the rEmbassa
dor 'at.Waghihgton;; arid- thatOthey
¦returned itp him 1 through- the Austrp^Hun
garlari Consulate in San Francisco.^Thpse
ddc-Uments'arenoWi, he: aay»,. wjth. friends
in/ New York. : Vetsera paid that; for. the.
first-two; years of 'hls^absence. irpm';home.
he /received :-mbrithiy. rernittances: of.- J25
fr6m his;father, but these ceased ;becaiise
;he-np. .longer ; sent; bapk-vhis. changes, ot
addressL:-..':'- ';¦.-""¦!¦':• ¦':} •'*:' : v- : .-: : -. '•¦¦¦¦'¦¦ l y."--i-v : .r'iy.'*.
[¦Sf—^aRED : Cv SMITH; a sweeper : in . the
I {Irr^.i employ. 'of; the Harbor Gdmmissibri;
i;- : -H;.' ; . v startled^ the; front yesterday; wlth:a;
¦; ,'¦ V':red8re";:t;ale. : about ;» '/drowning .. that
he gays tppk-placeThurgday arid his own
rescue 'after .being' nearly : fortyrelght
i hours without: food. ; to Smith:
he! went fpr:a;bpat ride on ;the;;bay -vvith
: a boa tman ';: named j ;Fred ; Sheehari : last
iThursday;- They :started"frpm.:the. ; Clay- ;
:street^ .wharf- between 12;- and >X, p'clpck.,
' : When; between- Alcatraz ; and Angel :Island
Sheehan ; lost' an ioar^SmitK -says : in":the;
cpiirse- of his thrilling tale, ; and: in; reach
ing; for it- feliioyerboafd,:; Smith tried :'tp
reach: hirn : the. other: ; 6ar^andvio$t ahat.
alsp. A moment later Sheehari sank from
-slght-^o;.; Smith: sayjB., :,;;,:, ; : ;- V ¦ ; '-:^.;. •¦;;;;;:::
" Unable to procure: the qara, Smith, avers
he 'was ; helpless.- and .the' botit. drifted tor
ward; Lime Point. It drifted all :the after
noon .and passing boats paid ¦ no attention
to the <fles arid signals otdlstress of ;t.he
lone occupant. ;It grew dark, and^theri/a
big steamer drew near.-. Smith thought he
was eayed, but . the vessel passed ..within
The prisoner is not unknown to the po
lice. In 1SS7 he was convicted In San Ber
nardino of attempting to rescue a pris
oner by boring into the jail in which he
was confined, and was sentenced to serve
four years in San Quentin. Shortly a.fter
being releaj^ed he was arrested in Ala
meua for burglary, and on a conviction,
was sent to the penitentiary for three
vears. • At . that time he was. known as
Avilliam Wilkinson. After serving his
sentence he went to Salt Lake, where he
was caught in the act of breaking into a
house. He pleaded -uilty to the charge
and was Feiiteneed to two years' imprison
ment. After 'being, discharged McKenile
came to this city and proceeded to worry
the Police Department by committing a
number of daylight burglaries. -
ordered him back under penalty; of being;
shot. -' ¦ -: ; --' ¦•. :.':¦.' S'r:}. : '.' : •'¦'-/¦
As soon as the burglary .was reported to
the police. Chief Sullivan detailed Detec
tives Harper and Sullivan and ; Sergeant
KHis on the ¦ case. Yesterday afternoon
they located the thief in the VAdelphia
House, on Kearny street, where he. had
been rooming since his advent in this city.
Knowing, the character of the man the.
detectives broke into his room and with
drawn revolvers ordered him to throw up
his hands. McKenzIe. who was in : bed.
attempted to reach for his pistol, which
was under the pillow. After a struggle
he was finally handcuffed and taken to
the City Prison. In his room the detec
tives found a portion of the plunder stolen
from several residences in the Western
Addition. • -. -i...
The job which resulted in his arrest was
committed Sunday night at the residence
of D. H. Vail, 2&13 Devisadero strtf-et. See-
Ing the family leaving the rouse, the crook,
"presuming that they intended to. remain
away for some time,' determined to ran
sack It. Approaching- the front, door;, he
rang the bell, and; failing to. get a re
sponse, he promptly, forced open the -win
dow with a "Jimmy.'- • : When.. once Inside
he pried open the bureau drawers and
closets, securing a quantity Of silverware
and jewelry, valued at over $500. Ashe
•was leaving the bouse he was seen by a.
citizen, who, suspecting that he had rob
bed the house, attempted to arrest him.
The crook promptly drew a; revolver and
,- During the pas't two .weeks the. man has
been reaping a golden harvest; in the
Western Addition by plundering houses
during the absence or the Occupants. As
far; aa the police know he succeeded^ in
forcing his way frito at least a dozen
houses and stealing property.- valued at
several thousand dollars. ' ' ..•¦.;. •••-; -
t__jHE burglar whose operations in the
• lp~ Western Addition caused the police
: U as much trouble as Vetsera, .the
¦;*.. footpad. Is tinder arrest. . He was
captured yesterday: by Detectives Harper
and Sullivan and Sergeant Tom Ellis.: The
prisoner is " known under . the aliases of
tVllliam McKenzIe, • ¦ William Wilkinson
and Harry Lamson. His true name Is said
to be AViliiany Seott. . . . ='
" vi'esV replied Vetsera. ..- • -. •. ' •-••••.;'.¦
; 'tnlnk I obeyed "pr.derB,- added
Peaniev- "and- .under the isSLme .-.eircmrii*:
8ta'nce.s.I..wbuId do /it a. gal riV-* ¦.:'.••¦•..-¦ : ':\
¦ "The newspapers : said y?Wr lady cora"
pahloh was .-'on^ your, arm Vet;-,
sera, ; "but^ tha.t waen't fio.-.:'Bh6'was; sirh<
ply walking,:ak>nigi8tde of you when ;I: put
t-h-e pistol- atyour head." . •; .; : .. -. '....'
"Yes- that's so,"; replied Deane, : • ¦• •":"•.
' . "Anil, you; :ga ve me J3 ; 50;.i^hen". I. asked
you to Jsand bver your- money /' -continued
the y.QuriKihlghWayman. -.:¦••-. • . ! . ¦:.-. : 'r.:
¦ -¦vjci/.i^at- \s Mfl^Xoo"was;tli^ : Tesponse.
'- ;VY6H.dpn't ; .lbpk. as big as.ypudld; that
nlRht," t-ommehtedvVeisera;, after .'critic-:
ally examining ;th*5 r '(¦ ¦ .: ;.-.'• . ,-. -
¦ ¦¦ VThere. Is ¦ bne :,thiriR in >'<iur ; story, that
ls'ihot'.cofrect;," remarked I?.eane...''Tha.t:.is
ii:noUf : youf. iiand iJrcmblinpwhcn you .put
the s^istal^at 1 iny head.;" lypw,. 1 the pistol
Tvas as 'steady as> a. rock, Vana.it' lpoked big
"ehough;. too.'' . :- ; : v \ "¦¦... '- • :"A ¦>¦ \- •¦ .•>•_;'•'.•¦;
. -Then the: two talked about the way Vet
sera wore ; his handkerchief Tna.sk. When
the Hlftter.vfew 1 closed-. each man was • wplj
satlpfted thav they.- had met before. ;.; . , .. ¦¦:
•Peftpe had'-' no trouble In recognizing at
:dnce itjie low; ¦ cool;..' gentle -voice - qf ; VeU
< "It '¦¦ Was • Just .as- he talks -iloyr."- 3 salt!
Ofcane, . .^Uttle oaboye ;a whisper, yet . clear
and with 'thai unmistakable accent which
•I. could, not faiito-rfcan."'-:. ;•• : • • -\ '
? 'Mrs: Steddph" and -.Miss; Bennett, :.twa; pi
•the women who were .held' up : on- Boule^
iv^rdT^rriice in Oakland.^ Saturday night/
visited -thefjail. .to-day,, btit- beyond recoB
.nizins a .j^enerarfiimilarlty to' tlje high
i-»Yiayman/.Whp nearly:' frlKlTtened-,then f to
• tiftat hv were; lirtaible'. to .pos'ItivelyXidentlf y
•yet$era; ; ". ¦¦'-. ''" '*¦ . ¦"'¦'¦. ¦. ¦ .;.. ; V' '' ¦ ¦''••-'••':•
.': .After- ari:inte.r\ie"w. t.o-day ; ;with hJg.pris
•o:ner/.Chief J:iodErkirt3.sai<Ji-- ¦'• . ''.'¦' r ' -"
. "/"This. Vx>y..bearsf ; al.l -of -.the-.jinarks-.-.'of
¦'gp.od- i :br« > e : dirijp : aiid- r«»ilneinent- : :I: am:en
tirely, sa'tlsfled' tnat '.h ; e : hasi:t61d-the".truth!
aibnirt...hia." family.:-"- His ¦OTJlyViaeslre'vapr
pearq-.'t& :W;that : ..he; shall;: not- t>Il any*
thing, whteh- rtay.Teveal" 'his \ name; "-al
.•though he; hflLs- tctia ; '..xn^ : tha:t ? he Will -glv^e
•itnV.-hJ.s.'. -whole, -history,' under.' pledge, -of
¦¦s.ecTe.cV:' -T.h&- .b'oyi-. ;- I--.'an>"'-'sati!»fle.d,v"has'
bj?eh:the^Victim bl a : .woman -.'ot .the- wprM. ;
;Thcre"is' nothing.- In, ;his; .Semcandr;. :b.ut
¦points to: -a •hlghrbr&d beginning; That he
. is;- of- ft -fajnUy of' high rank , I have • not
the i sJighteBt' do-ubt; arid ¦ if it \were of in
terest- to .the- .Police Depaxttnent. .there- fc?
: n6c>b«bt inrhymiria-I cquIJI feaslly: verify
every ;:stateriient h.e. has made.' , ; • . ; ' ;• "; '.'.
- "-"His' genuine' erriptlori; when hoineV and
family are'-.mentipried.goeis a- long, vay
'to prove .the = tr'uth.-'of his-Story.:' Hp, Ka»
hiddept" ribthine:- ¦ Uut: :.the matters whicli
• That . the story.. he:has told of .the.' rob-,
beries in San F/rancisco Is j true was fully
veritled to-day," when John.J. Deane,-who
was held up by Vetsera last night
at Broadway and Franklin street, visited:
the Oakland City Prison, to Identify .the
footpad. Vetsera had not been apprised of,
Dearie's coming, but .wlthorit ceremony
was taken Into the captain's; office," and
¦was seated. :there ; when Deane appeared."
Vetsera recognized . his victim Immediate:
ly; There was a smile as i Deane. said : • -; :
¦ "We have met before." -,:^> :;...,¦. - • ..••-;
'Chief of Police; jlodgkihs flatly- jieclares;
his belief in the bpy'S .story i'- for; despite
his four -years of batUingaboutt%. world
the lad has- all-."t^e'v?p'pen'Vir3-Jikpes8-_ :!^f- ;
youth. The most interesting, phase; of : ;th4
extraordinary story .is ;th& ;manlfest ; will-.
Ingness of the young highwaynian to con
ceal nothing but such facts. ?w rriight.-trabe
his connections' at home. — ¦¦.•.'.•'.•;¦•¦ '•'.'.
¦;"; OAKLAND ¦ v ;Api|li ti^^Slnion:-,. Louis;
Muncaros : :von: Yetsera ;has;; ; satisfied iihe
Oakland police 1 that .the. : remairJkable riarra-:
tive he has given ;to the. world, of his jif©
and wanderings is truth toa.verlty. i^The
youthful, footpad^: Who : claim5 : ;.connecUQii :
with the highest famJBes. : of : ;the Austrian;
empire, -does ' . not-: fiiiich .under fthe l.most
severe investigatlobi'-.ahd"prily .stops -wheri'
the effort of ; his interviewers' to /fathom;
the., secret; of: his : family -ties; reaches | tji.o
warm a spot. • -. .".'•:•';• : \ : y>'.-_^ ':•;.*::'; '.'¦'¦'\ : -,~ ¦¦¦:-.'. ¦'.
Captured a .Real Npblenianj
Oakland I Is; Confident/ That ; ; ;It /Has
BELIEVE i FOOTPAD'S STO&Y.
Under the name of Siebold Herbertstein
he washed dishes at. the .United States
Hotel/ and was known there -as ''Nosey."
-Vetsera got two letters' from a nalniripr
companion at Denver, under the, name Of
"Prince Hirverstein*' while he was. at.the
Centra) House, but ; they, were sent In 're
ply to. letters written/by hlrri asking^ per
mission tp sell iBtock'W : Cbmiiilssiotuv ; ; ; '/;:_\
y- jit;- has; beenvdiseovered that the': young
rrikn; went by; v a /multitude" of names, one
almost for every day in .the week.. Once,
;^.t- least;: he Was Inh the: Ptjlice; Court "herb;
on a /charge of vaJSfancy, : and;;was lec
tured; by, Jud^ -iltjpan,; At ¦ timeis/lie ;wjis.:
engaged; at: hon$r£tte:.6mploiy men t;: being
a dishwasher ;• and^'Jiojise-.servaiit,: but most:
of ; the: tlme^he : ; was .deriving -his; liylrigi
from -the earnlTtE3. of a : fallen : woman, or
pther^vtl spurpes>'^i... -v;r>;- :: >;.^. : ; ; 'H
AVhile >'etsera wa? cominitting This rob*;
beries in this city he roomed at the Brans;;
wick House, Six'th and Howard streets;
For nearly a month he stayed there, never:
getting to bed . untH-3 or '4 : o'clock in the.
morning and sleeplne:all day.,.- He -had no
baggage whatever. :.;¦ He paid his . bill last
Friday "afternoon and- departed.. That
same evening an unknown man; called at
the house, arid asked for, him. He; said
Vetsera had' stolen -avsult of, clpthesi^a;
razor :and. some other property- from him.
The man: said: Vetsera was a chloroform:
.flend. ¦ = -:--^'-- ¦:¦-¦•¦ :-.::¦• ¦ ¦¦yif : ---.
: "Hansteih^-ih^t's the nanie he; Used here
—must have had money r.- all, %m lime" said
the clerk, "for every. night. when he came;
in he gave me nearly a dozen good cigars;
some of them: two-bitters. Thursday night;
he eahi& in very dritnk. .'HO wore at times;
two very valuable diamondsf-a ring and a-
Stud."- ' -?-"; ::; . ¦:•"'".'.•*: ¦¦ »-: : - '¦'¦'¦' ''":¦¦ ¦•;•. '¦-y-'.'i'y- : :':':
At the Central Hquse,. 871. Market street,
considerable seems, tp: be known about the,
footpad. He-Mew in there - July 31;. . Ib99,"
with a^: companion, - and • registered . as,
"Count Atamontfi." ' 'According '.. to. ' Kd;-
Westman, : the night cleik,. his- cpmpaLniqn
booked himself • as "Baron ; . WQeneri-' =
Later on Vetsera gaid^hisnarne; was Si
mon Louis .Hirverstein .and; ho • kept - the/
guests of the Central widQ-mouthed with
astonishment over hi3 Stales of '.the Aus-v
trian nobility. He: said his father had"
owned the Castle of -"Heldburghausen; 1 ',
thirty miles from Vienna, but had been
robbed of it by a wicked Prince. :;.. : ¦'."¦¦ "°
When he reached the Central ..the de
generate nobleman was finely: dressed and ;
wore a gold watch: that he said his mother,
had given him. He pawned his overcoat
first for 75 cents ana then put the watch
In for. $20. Later on he :sold- Iv for. ?10,
which demonstrates his busiiies?:- ability .-."¦
The people about the place: could not :
keep track of his tales. He said. Her
mann Oelrichs had paid his fare from
New York to San Francisco, and: one day
under the name of Prince Aramonte '¦¦'. he.'
¦wrote a letter to Miss Jennie Flood ask-
lnp for $250. He did not get it. '¦¦: ",- ••¦••
After two weeks «it the Central House
Vetsera said: he had secured a position,
from Prince Poniatowskl,: whom he
claimed as a particular friend, at a cop-:
per mine in Arizona. He then left, but
returned In two weeks. He : worked for-a
time as a house servanffor "W. F. Herrlny
so he claimed; washed dishes at. two or
three places and tended bar at Coso's,
Twenty-second and Valencia streets. ; :
¦''¦.: A.. : youth; of high! degrees ;iuajr b«^ : tho;
.yo:u:nsJfb6tp?ia. SimdriJ^ouis Mundkroa'voh
Vetsgra;: or hi;?; name. Is;;but,:lf;
¦he; really ': is. a scion pf European nobility : It
ls^certainly : ;b!ettet;.f0r> tti? bliie;:WpdU ; : ;s'p- :
etety of the.: Old World that he emigrated
iearty^liisj history i: In -this; ¦- : oily
toUinlyr-^jr^i^-yp^as-sbciaribna^-'nn^Iyyasrahcy
and .the romance ' thrown around : him. Is
iveryVirtuch tfirnined'by; hlS v degenerate ica-;
reer in San Francisco. •
The Toiling: Itfaii Sad-Evil;Associates
„' and Was in the' Police Court
on a Vagrancy
Charge.
KNOWN UNDER MAHY NAMES
If Footpad -Is Highly^ Boni
. His ; Record Sho^sl Him ; "
f :< • a Degenerate. y ; S
HISTORY OF
VETSERA IN
THIS CITY
TB;E : • SAN FRANCISCO :OALL, TUESDAY, MA Y 1, 1900.
DAYLIGHT BURGLAR
IS FINALLY CAUGHT
SMITH'S LURID TALE
OF ALLEGED DROWNING
12
WILLIAM: McKENZiE, ALIAS WILKINSON.
mA §r{ fnLtRBIRTHPAV^ ilOSlS
to-morrow we celebrate our eighth birthday in
this store : ; the last birthday we shall have in
this building, for we are subject to the great law ; , :-.
of supply and demand, and sorry in a sense
as we shall be to quit this old camping ground,
we shall be glad when. fi hint mwican grass
; ¦ we can; stretch oiir legs^ ¥^ C ?W ("'^^ha^mpek^: .;; •
¦W liniQurnewmiidiH^^ ': .
; ¦'-,;'¦ we are;indeed?crampe.di ,", n>ocks;,extra ; iarge .s«e;.::$i.25 i y%
¦ ;..¦:¦: ¦jhArA-' : ¦ i^-: : '^y- : u^y^-- :^y '- >fineH; Y cpttpn>;hanirfl0ck5,; i wtth;, ,?.- •;.-:
; ;,; : : ;: : tx^ l F-i ..¦% fi^f'i^ri^y^?;: 1^ ¦ ¦¦ : .
50 feet of 5*ply 54-inch garden . .. -
J < . cillfC new desigrij and . -colors ; npsei>..:cdrnp;liete/:-': : :#itn .. coup- . " ' ; .
,-.;-.: [***? ¦* i £=-'5n:f foulard: ¦si)k^:-includ-;^ v Mm^-^; r i ;V-;^^^>^>.>$4-25 •£•.•£•
'•/•; : V. : ing : pplk^ 4qtsjv24-:irjchei-wide;:^ -:. : .
. -\t-- ¦ '•^.l.^.-iU .¦;vi-V;^>- 1 '.'-i'-i";iy-'/v.-'.rV83c :"-."¦; ting-;:-. :--..:y:;-.;. .'.'. --.V^. -*.*:. .".$2.25 . . . :
new plisse silks, in plain colors, garden hose reels 98c • : , ; ¦
. ;.. - in, fluffy designs, ivories, old fine garden- sets, j'Ust the thing = -\y.y
/;":•¦.-;¦; : ;tp^/.ttse4a*:^atd;n^I;.v|.ct;c : i : " : ;:^ ; ¦ :fpr i;Ja 1 i|i'c]?ifo".-;;tffitinue'''"wit n »'- : - :¦¦¦'.' V-
: : : inches widei;.. i i.i*.i.i:..;$i,oo -.per set of three pieces.... ioc,. ; ;..' ..-
garden trowels . . ; — ....... . 5C ; >.-.•: , ;_¦
bfiltS May and its many (in" our bi^ and busy basement.)
ii-i'-. ."?'-¦ '; : : outings and; picnics we efjirtVI/fli^t^ • I0 dozen percale^ >• .'.'V
;Sv >offeV y* sanipre'slirie^ {pit high: * l ! l !^:™P 1 v! a ' v shirt? ,_¦ waists,;, .;'• g
;.'>'•>-.¦• ..gradejleather belts, ;:n6t:a; belt:in ; :^ith;istttched' yoke, :body ; lined::
-..- ]], : [.'_ tHe lot Vwprth less thari':75c7 arid -tn^bluecand whitestripcand red } : : •-
¦A'. \i ¦ jspme as : "high.: as: : :?i.25;: ;i :. : they; ¦ arid; white;: .sizes^.3? to 44'.;.;,^)C ¦."//.''.- :v
;•:;..;;¦ \;Cpme:;Tin.; :^hite ; vkidi;-bKck^^ y- : •¦"")'<
brown, green, navy, garnet percale, with white yokes/- i . ;
' - and tan, in real leather; nicely tucked down front: .;'¦¦¦ ¦
all i l A inch, * —— and back;': y~'- : S:
and kid or (^^^^^•^•^uf^gn---^ -/''bine and
metal stud- /:/>n/i>»^r -^ :-; black a n d • i >.;
ded; birthday -. * — i — --rTT;. : ;^ :^;: V; white,, sizes.:; /. y
price ....48c "the stx o clock house. 32 to 44. >73c -.', "¦.. : - : x
;'?j^^l^ThlE:>.LASt M/V^DAV; WE SHALL S£C IN THIS STORE./ - : "fl-^j-. %
OPEN
SAN FRANGISCO
TO
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
Atchison,' :Tpp^*. : ab^£^i;JFe/^^ii^y- Sy^teni^begs^tp;
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Chicago— 2550 miles.
•It. is the onty^ilW^v^ '
the Pacific Ocean tp'LaKe Michigan.
: It proposes i tp fiirnish^prprript^^:an^; satisf act^^Jser^ce, arid' it
•hopes to re^^eiaEerierpusJprbpprtJp^
May ; ¦ 1st freight, jiwiii handleidl^regulariy: tp.s-an^-f roto'.th e* Easity
' and all points in the. San 3paqti
; Freight'' Depot :-;Corrie£:$r|earf an^ %i: : Vvy : \
: The^ date :; for jihaugtirating;^^^engw^trtin'^^^lTO^i.witt^fce j
announced later.
JOHN J.BYRNE, . EDWARD* CHAMBERS,
General Passeage.r£ge^^
•: '•, - ; '. :;/¦».•; ¦¦ ¦' ;;:y-.':.".tines west-pf "Aihu(iuerque.- : " T-^y^yiy- --.:¦ '/ r -. : ;!'w
'y. jy\i.A. BlSSEL^;^s$istant-'ljraf jic lyianager; Santa : Fe;Systern;-
" A- blr,weelcJjr;-Bt:or>! P*.I>ef, - "..P«irli''ifew8.-. XAir.
tst ehort stories. -fl' par : . year 1 , ; "•¦,-. ¦-;"/¦¦ : : ¦ ';• y
'¦'. Cfarn^ras and 'photographic supplies; : also
'pjriritlrigirVdeVeJoplrig and. mouritfrig' at StfttV
Dorn : &,yall\s;;; 741 'Market street.. ••..-.¦>,;..•::'•.
.' -It yotii ."haye .niB.viW..ta«lBd*JCTBe.!^o^fe .''AA"-.
whlfkeV; ;. try! Jt;ind/.b«^c6nvine'W.;thit; it : : r W
the- best wWeVw :'«'". th^lwaria.;' .>:• Tr •:-.'; '. '^S-'
./.'.'; ''. general; Joseph Wheeler has; ;
¦ written three exclusive articles '
.uppn ..'. <fMy ¦ Eight * Months " in '.-:
I thess .' papers i appears iia ' the' ,
magazine section of next Sun- '
[day's Call aid will be the/ best-
end '¦¦ most : authoritative :.' ac-.
! cpunt .;everVpUblis}ied \Qf ' the
conditions existing ' ;.inl th^;:
'iBlands./'V .•.;:•;.;•:';¦. : :- 'y [¦''./¦ ¦;'
Hale'..
Eale's.