FIFTH-AVENUE HOTEL
SOLD AT AUCTION
Four and a Quarter Million Dollars
Bealizsd for the New York
Property.
Special Disratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 2*s.— The executors of
the estate of the late Amos R. Eno to-day
sbld at auction the Fifth-avenue Hotel
and Madison-square Theater for $4.225.'X)0.
Never before has there been such a big
crowd in attendance at an auction sale in
this city, and the reason for it was that a
single parcel of the value of the Fifth
avenue Hotel has never before been of
fered for public competition.
Perhaps the most intorfstlng announce
ment connected with the tala was th« re
port that William P. Eno. who bought U
and who is the son of the late former
owner, had organized a syndicate for the
purchase of the property and that thM
syndicate had caused plans to be drawn
for a twenty-five-story office building to
be erected when the existing leases, ex
tending to 1303, expire.
In two parcels there are 43.333 square
feet, equal to about 13.73 city lots. The
property Is assessed by the city at $1,150.
000. or $73,000 less than it brought at auc
tion. The late Mr. Eno bought the land
on which the theater and hotel stand in
ISJS and I*s*> from John R. Monnott for
$330.0001 The hotel and stores under U
alone are now leased for $r,10.0C0 per an
num. Mr. Eno finished building the hotol
in IS.>D, and it was lease.! to Hitchcock.
Darling & Co.. who still manage it. The
hotel, without a peer In this country at'
the time of its construction, haa iinder
gone few changes during its iong career.
There have been marked changes in real
estate values in New York since to*
Fifth-avenue Hctel was founded. For
merly the vicinity of the Astor House.
City Hall Park and postofilce was regard
ed cs the center of town. Hemmed in by
rivers on three sides, New York could
only grow northward, and the streets now
stretch from Battery to Yonkers. a dis
tance of twenty-five milex Broadway In
Yonkers is a continuation of Broadway la
New York City.
Madison Square is now regarded as ths
hotel center of New York, though it la
gradually extending northward. The Im
perial Hotel on Thirty-second street .tnd
the Waldorf on Thirty-fourth are com
paratively recent examples of the growth
of the hotel district northward.
GEORGE BRADFORD FOUND
DEAD ON HIS RANCH
Balieved That He Accidentally Shot
Himself While Handling a
Pistol.
Special Dtscatch to The Can.
SAN JOSE, April 2G.— George Bradford,
a well-known resident of this county, was
found dead at his ranch near Mud
Springs, a short distance from Evergreen,
this morning with a bullet ho!e In his
head. He was living alone at the place.
Thl3 morning Sam Young, a man who had
been working at the Bradford ranch, went
to the place to see deceased and found
the remains in thf barn. By his sfde was
a revolver. Bradford was last seen alive
yesterday afternoon. He had been dead
about twelve hours when discovered.
No cause can be advanced for suicide,
as Bradford is a msn of means and said
to be worth $200,000. His friends assert
that shooting must have been accidental,
as he was always fooling with firearaasi.
Deceased va.i about 3H years of age and
3ingle. A brother. XValdo Bradford, re
sides in San Francisco. Both have been
deeply Interested in mining operations
and until lately deceased, with his broth
er, owned the Bradford mine in Lake
County.
An inquest was held this afternoon anrt
the jury brought in » verdict oi acciden
tal JL*>ti*.
Boers May Make a
Stand to Cover the
Escape of Convoys
Hastening North
ward*
Lan Hamilton's Column Making a Forced March to Intercept the
Retreat of the Patriots From Dewetsdorp.
PLATEAU OF THABA NCHU OCCUPIED BY .
THE BRITISH AFTER SLIGHT RESISTANCE
HANDS OF
NATIVES
CUT OFF
Awful Cruelty Charged
to Belgian Traders
in Africa.
KING LEOPOLD
IS UNDER FIRE
i
\ Accused bf a Deputy of Being
the Chief Trafficker in
Rubber in the Cop
Free Stale
/^wRUSSELS. April 26.— 1n the Cham
yjp bet of Deputies to-day the debate
J^^\ on the massacres in the Congo
gSJifA Free State arising out of the ex-
ploltation of the indlambber in-
dustry was concluded. Tht? socialists
again i.ss_Tte{! that the asjents of the Pel
: jrian company, in order to obtain nremi
j urns, which :ire given in proportion to th>>
j quantity of rubber secured, have been.
¦ guilty cf frightful brutalijy upon the na
, fives, thousands of whom, they* declared.
: had had their hands cut off because of
: thtMr failure to procure the amount de
j maudeJ of them.
¦ The socialist leader 51. Vantlerveltie vio
! lently attacked the present regime anii
j repeated his assertion that the King of
the Belgians was himself tho chief traf
ficker m rubber and ivory.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. de
! Favoreau. replying, denied that the state
; had anything to do with the appointments
, of the agents of the Belgian company.
; and he categorically affirmed that K.'ng;
¦ Leopold possessed no sharts In any rub-
I her company in thr Congo Free State,
I adding that the Government was deter
mined to repress any excesses In Its ter-
r itory.
M. Lorand. socialist, that th»
; explanations of the Minister were pitiable
; and moved that the Chamber insist upon
; explanations of the atrocities in the Mon
' galla country. M. Woeste, former Minis
i ter of Justice', retorted that such a mc
j tion constituted an insult to the Govern-
I ment of the Congo Free State, and ha
! asked the Chamber to vote the siraplo
j order of the day. which was adopted by
ZS votes against 25.
HAVOC OF
FLAMES IN
TWO CITIES
Twenty Million Dollar
Fife in Hull and
Ottawa.
THOUSANDS ARE
iMADE HOMELESS
Fire Square Miles of Terri
tory Burned (her and the
Conflagration Is Yet
Uncontrolled. .
yifVTTAV.'A. Ontario, April 26.— Five
ijf^l square mi;es cf territory burned
M. jff over, more than 2500 dwellings.
t^Jt factories, mills, stores and other
buildings destroyed, entailing a
loss estimated to reach $20,003,000.
and between 12.000 ar.d Io.'XKJ men. women
end children homelesj, is a summing up
of the havoc wrought by the fire which
has been raging at Hull and in Ottawa
Fir.cc :i o'clock yesterday morning-, and at
mldr.ipht was not completely under con
trol.
Most of the lumber piles in Ottawa and
Hull have disappeared and are now mere
heaps of charred wood ar.d ashes. Half a
doz«-n churchc-s and schools, a number of
mills, the Hull water works, the Hull
Coorthooae an<s jail, the postoJfice. the
convent — almost every business place and
about UOO dwellings and shops In Hull
have been nrstroyed. Indeed, practically
nothing of Hull is left but a church and
a few houses beyond it.
The spot where the fire originated is
about a quarter of a mile from the main
F'.vfi of Hull, and. as a gale was blovr
ir.jr from the rtprthwest. right In the
direction of -the lumber piles and mills on
both the Hull and Ottawa shores of the
< >*;;iv;t FJver and Chaudiere Falls, it wa>
soon setn that the lire was almost cer
tain to be a large one. By 11:30 the fire
had got a good hold of Main' street and
" • entire street, with dozens of cross
streets, was burning. Practical!}- there ¦
Is not a house left in the street. About ;
-•::> tlm<- the fire made a jump of nearly
l.alf a mi." a&d ignited Eddy's woodyard,
near the match factory. It was soon In i
fiarnes and the fifty-mile-an-hour gale ;
¦which was blowing drove a high column ;
<;f name across Bridge street and set fire j
t^.ihe Eddy p.iT>er mill, and the other;
buildings ol the company.
Fire Crosses the River.
The !ire r. t this time also sprang across
the Ottawa Blver and caught the sheds
in the rear of the Mackay Milling Com
pany on Victoria Island, and -in a few
minutes the lumber piles on Victoria and ;
Chaudiere islands, one cf the power '
houses of the "Ottawa Electric Company,
the Victoria foundry and half the build- I
Ings on the two islands were in flames.
The result i.< that the whole of that part i
of Ottawa known as the Chaudiere fiats, I
surrounding tho Canadian Pacific Railway I
Mation. wnere the lumb-.-r mills are all '
located, is nr>-sw«;,t. The only building.
fc'.;in<ling in the whole area is that of the j
Ottawa carbide factory, which is newfy I
erected and fireproof. From the flats the i
fire extended across th»- Richmond road ¦
on to BocbestervlUe and v far as the ex- j
pr-ritn«-r.Uil farm. Westerly, th* lire took
in Huntonburg and MeohanicFville. po J
that on the Ottawa side of the river there j
Ss a larger area covered by lire than on
\hf Hull side. It is estimated that at the
j-irf-s^nt time the number of people home- i
l«-ss in the two cities and suburban towns '
is not less than 12,'> jO and it may reach ¦
15.GC*0.
Hull has a population of about 12.0T0 peo- '
pie and more than half of them are home- ;
less To-night. The entire business part of
the city, including all public buildings and
newspaper offices, is one mass of ruins.
The Government has giv«>n the drill hall
svA the city the large exhibition build-
Jngs to accommodate the sufferers. All !
th*; institutions in the city which have j
any accommodation at all have lent a ]
hand to aid the distressed. The only in- j
<Ju*try left standing in Hull is the Goul
intr & Houston lumber mill at the ex
treme end of the city limits. •
The Hull Lumber Company's mills, the
extensive works of E. B. Eddy, both
n»atch and paper factories, as well as his
residence, are all in ruins, as well as the
lnterprovlncial bridge, which connects the
city cf Ottawa with Hull.
On the Ottawa side of the river the loss
i* ttill greater. There are in ashes the
JJronson & "Weston Lumber Company
mills, the J. R. Booth lumber mills, the
McKay Milling Company, the Ottawa
electric railway power-house, the Martin
& v.arneck mills, the Victoria foundry,
the Ottawa taw works, the Ottawa Spe
cialty Company, the Pain planing mills
and several other Industries. There ar« .
also some fine residences Included in this
nrea. Among them are those of J. R. '
Booth, whicli was valued at $100,000: the
residence of his* son-in-law, A. \V. Fleck; !
that of Hon. George Foster, Lewis Run
nel!, mar.agtr for Mr. Bronson, and Mr. '
I*a!n of the Pain mills, the latter two j
beautiful houses, out of which their own- !
rrs were .not. able to take anything, bo I
quick did the flames extend to them.
As soon as the members of the Govern- \
ruexit saw that the fire was to b-» a dis- ]
i«;roup one the Acting Minister of Public i
I'orks telegraphed to Montreal. Peter- j
tooro and Brockvllle for fire appliances
and all assistance that could be sent. But
although they arrived speedily they were j
cf no avail. In Hull the fire has about
burned out. The business portion Is all !
pone and over half of the residences. The ,
Hainan Catholic cathedral has be«n saved, :
together with Eddy's sulphite works, j
Gilmour and Houphson's mills are also ¦
Ftanding. The only means of communlca- I
tion between Ottawa and Hull is by boat, j
Ftvtq 2 o'clock the only water to be had !
In Hull is from the river.
Chief Henn^tt of the Hull fire brigade j
was injured and taken to the general hos- j
pital in Ottawa. ,
Origin of the Fire.
The fire originated through a fire Jn a
dirty chimney, and the high wind caused
Me flames to spread rapidly. Coming, to
the Ottawa side of the river and that por-
Continued on Seccad fa.£n.
RED CROSS NURSES TAKING CHARGE OF THE WOUNDED.
HOWEVER SHORT OF EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES OTHER DEPARTMENTS OF LORD ROBERTS' ARM!
MAY BE, THE FACILITIES FOR PROMPT AND ACTIVE SERVICE ON THE PART OF THE RED CROSS AM
BULANCE CORPS ARE KEPT RIGHT UP TO THE STANDARD, AND MANY A POOR FELLOWS LIFE OR LIME
HAS BEEN SAVED BY THEIR TIMELY AND TENDER CARE.
Brabant's Horse Are
Aimcst Entrapped
During the Opera
tions for the Relief
of Wepener*
LONDON. April 27.— Israelspoort.
which is r.ot marked on the maps.
Iks between Sar.nas Post and Tha
ba Nchu. General Hamilton has
probably by this time arrived at
Thaba Nchu. as he as using his utmost
endeavors to cut off the Boers who are
retreating from Dewetsdorp. The Beer
forces at Thaba Nchu are not unlikely to
make a stand to cover the escape of the
convoys from the southward. They have
laagers eight miles apart, stretching from
Brantford to Thaba Nchu. with a basa
camp at Samalldell station.
A report comes that a small force of
British mounted infantry had a brush
with a party of Boers three miles east of
Karee Siding, who were trying to estab
lish a connection between Bramford and
Boer forces to the southward.
It appears that General Brabant in the
fipht with the Boers at Wepener had a
narrow escape from capture. General
Pole-Carew's advance was much hamper
td by the tardy arrival of artillery, which
prevented him capturing Leeuw Kop be
fore darkness set in and enabled the
Boers to secure their retreat.
Although the large succession of opera
tions worked successfully, several cases
of unaccountable delay in the advances
are remarked by the correspondent.".
Taken on the whole, however, there has
been no bungling, and apparently Lord
Roberts, with the commands in the hands
of your.per genera's, now has axi exceed
ingly efficient army.
The report that thp-TJoers had rroccu
pied Boshof prows to be untrue.- , Lord
Methuen is still there, and General Hun
ter's division from Natal, which was sup
posed to be going to Bloemfontein. is ar
riving at Kimberley. This Is evidence
that some important operations are afoot
in that district. „
It is understood that the reason the
Boers did not destroy the Bloemfontein
water works was that there are many
Boers among the shareholder?.
The Boers are showing more activity in
Natal. They are placing some heavy guns
four miies north of Elands Laagte.
Mr. Wyndham's explanation In the
House of Commons yesterday has aroused
considerable comment, especially his
statement that Lord Roberts has been de
layed by the necessity of defeating de
tached forces of tho enemy which threat
ened his communication from Cape Town
and , Port Elizabeth, and which blocked
them from East Londcn. The only inti
mation hitherto received that the East
London line was blocked had been dis
credited. This was the Boer report that
the bridge at Bethuiie had been blown up.
WYNDHAM EXPLAINS
ROBERTS' DISPATCHES
LONDON. April 26— In the House of
Commons to-day George Wyndham, Par-
SLAUGHTER
OF TAGALS
CONTINUES
Three Hundred Put Out of
Action in North
Ilocos.
?
MANILA, April 26.— About three hun
dred of the enemy have been killed re
cently in North Ilocos, including Dodd's
fight and the attack on Bato on April 16,
when from six to seven hundred rebels,
only a quarter of whom were armed with
rifles, the rest carrying bolos, determined
ly attacked the Americans, charging their
positions and fighting at close -quarters.
The engagement lasted all the afternoon,
the enemy burning the town, but they
were repulsed after the arrival of Ameri
can reinforcements. The Insurgents gen
erally are aggressive in that province.
They captured an American provision
wagon near Lapo.
The Americans, having obtained evi
dence that the Alcaldes of Lapo, Magsin
gal. Cabugas and Small were holding
treacherous communication with the In
surgents, imprisoned them and burned the
Lapo Town Hall.
There have been several minor fights in
the province, including an attack on La
vas on April 17 by 200 insurgents, , forty
of whom were killed and eighty cap
tured. The officers report that the men of
the Thirty-third Regiment and Third Cav
alry behaved splenaidly under very trying
clrcumstancess
There were no American casualties at
Bato, where ISO Insurgents were killed and
seventy were captured.
WILL SEND A CHEERING
MESSAGE TO AGUINALDO
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,"£"- i.
MxaoiT. >«rii 2S.— Loyal British sub- !
T ONDON, April 26 (Midnight). — The War Office publishes the following dispatch from Lord 1
/ Roberts, dated Bloemfontein, April 26:
"General lan Hamilton yesterday drove the enemy off a strong position at Israel's Port by a
¦zvcU-conccired turning movement, which was admirably carried out by General Ridley, commander of
the Second Mounted Brigade, and General Smith-Dorricn, commanding the Eighteenth. Brigade. The
troops arc to-day advancing tozvard Thaba Nchu: Our Imscy zcerc slight, only one yet reported —
Major Marshall, Grahamstozvn Mounted Rifles, scz'ere wound in the shoulder."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the Standard, telegraphing Thursday, says:
"General lan Hamilton* with mounted. infantry, naval guns and a hozcitzcr battery, advanced
from the zvater zcorks in the direction of Thaba Nchu. A large force of infantry supported him. He
met no opposition, and the mounted infantry occupied a position dominating the Ladybrand district/
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, under Wednesday's date, says:
"Our mounted infantry entered the high mountain plateau of Thabo Nchu to-day, almost with
out opposition. As Thaba Nchu is a natural fortress, this must mean that the Boers' have practically
'thrown up the sponge' in this section of the country. If the force presses on to Ladybrand the zvhole
country south of that point and in line with Bloemfontein will be completely in our hands. One difficulty
is that many of the Boers forming commandos immediately on finding themselves beaten retreat to their
farms and resume the roles of peaceful citizens, hiding their rifles."
liamentary Secretary of the War Office,
replying to questions, declared that Lord
Roberts had made no comment whatever
upon General Lord Methuen"s Magersfon
teln operations. Neither, he continued,
did Lord Roberta" dispatches indicate that
the advance was either retarded or modi
lled by the scarcity of remounts. At the
Bame time, the Secretary declared, it was
true that the expenditures for horseflesh
had exceeded all the estimates and that
the War Office had invariably exceeded
the requisitions from South Africa. The
jeets of "Windsor will rebuke the Phtla
delphians who sent to President Kruger
of the Transvaal a set of resolutions of
sympathy. On the 24th of May, the
Queen's birthday anniversary, they will
dispatch two delegates to the Philippines,
bearing a message of sympathy ahrl ad
miration to Aguinaldo and his Tagal war
riors.
The decision to retaliate upon the Phil
adelphians was arrived at in a meeting
of the Board of Education of Windsor.
Arrangements were made to solicit sub
scriptions to defray the expenses of the
delegates. A canvass will be made of
the city and if enough money cannot be
raised by popular subscription the neces
sary amount will be made up by contri
butions from one or two wealthy citizens.
THOMAS MELLERSH TO
WED AN OHIO BELLE
Secretary of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Will Join the
Benedicks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio, April 26.—An
nouncement is made to-day of the engage
ment of Miss Carrie M. Coombe, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Elijah .Coombe of Young
street, Mount Auburn, and Thomas Mel
lersh of San Francisco, Cal. The marriage
will take place In June and their home
will be in San Francisco, where Mr. Mel
lersh is secretary and controller of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
road. Miss Coombe is an only daughter, a
graduate of Woodward High School and
has done superior work in the art school
wood carving department. Her father is
retired, having been formerly of the firm
of Daniels & Coombe.
WOMAN SOLD AT
AUCTION IN TEXAS
Human Chattel Disposed of for Forty
Dollars in the City of
Galveston.
GALVESTON, Tex., April 26.— A woman
known as Margaret Connette was sold at
auction within a block of the Federal
building here Monday night for $40. The
police and Federal authorities are search-
Ing for the parties involved. The woman
Is said to have been Imported from Bel
glum, together with a lot of other Belgian
and French women, and was under con
tract to the man who sold her. United
States Immigration Inspector Levy la
working on the case
difficulty In procuring ships and handi
capped the authorities, but already this
year they had sent out 27,041 horses and
17,153 mules as remounts, in addition to
thost? accompanying the troops, and by
the end of May the remounts delivered
would number 42,000 horses and 23.000
mules. Stpps had also been taken to sup
ply the necessary rolling: stock for the
railroads.
But as far as the Government was
aware the military problem before Lord
Roberts had not turned on the question of
RETURN OF
THE QUEEN
TO LONDON
Given a Hearty Farewell on
Her Departure Prom
Dublin.
DUBLIN, April 26.— Queen Victoria and
the Princesses Christian and Henry of
Battenberg left the viceregal lodge at
noon and drove to Klngsbridge station on
their way to Kingstown and England.
Large crowds at every point of vantage
gave her Majesty a loyal farewell. The
train started for. Kingstown at 12:30 amid
the heartiest demonstrations. Enormous
crowds had preceded the Queen to Kings
town and occupied the piers and other
places from which the royal yacht Vic
toria and Albert could be viewed. A mem
orable demonstration occurred as her Ma
jesty, attended by a brilliant suite, board
ed the yacht, which steamed seaward at
1:15 p. m. amid the firing of the royal sa
lute by the fleet and hearty and prolonged
cheering from the throngs^ lining the wat
erside.
Before her departure the Queen con
ferred baronetcies upon the Lord Mayors
of Dublin and Belfast, the title of Lord
Mayor on the Mayor of Cork and his suc
cessors in office and knighthood upon the
Mayor of Cork and the Mayor of Lon
donderry- Her Majesty gave £1000 to be
distributed among the poor in the Dublin
hospitals. By the Queen's command Earl
Cadogan, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, has
issued the following:
"The Queen 1b very anxious before leav
ing Ireland, where she has spent a, most
agreeable time, to express through the
Lord Lieutenant to her Irish people how
very much gratified and how deeply
touched she has been by her reception
here during the three weeks the Queen
has spent in this charming place.;-., ."
"She has been received by all ranks and
creeds with an enthusiasm and affection
which could not be surpassed. Each time
remounts or rolling stock, but on the fact
that Lord Roberts had shifted his base
from Cape Town to Bloemfontein. thus
necessitating the recapturing and repair
of the railroad and the clearing of the line
of communication for a distance of 750
miles on a single track with a rise of 4500
feet. Regarding the relief of Mafeking.
which all had at heart, the Secretary said
that the House would realize that" speedy
relief would not be aided by divulging the
Continued on Fifth Page.
the Queen came before with her dead hus
band they kindly and warmly welcomed
her. but on this occasion, after the lapse
of thirty-nine years., her reception equaled
that of previous visits, and she carries
away the most pleasant and most affec
tionate memory of the time spent in Ire
land.
"The Queen earnestly prays that good
will and harmony may prevail among all
her people and that they may be happy
and prosperous."
LONDON, April 26.— Queen Victoria ar
rived at Holyhead at 6:30 p. m. The chan
nel fleet flred a royal salute as her Ma
jesty's yacht anchored. The town was
profusely decorated, and this evening
there was a general Illumination of the
town and harbor. The channel fleet pro
ceeded to Mllfordhaven. The Queen and
he.r suite dined aboard the yacht after the
anchorage had been reached. They will
remain on board the vessel until 10:30
o'clock to-morrow morning, when the
party will take a train for Windsor.
WINS A BET BUT
KILLS HIS FRIEND
Fatal Result of a Discussion as to the
Explosiveness of Dy
namite.
GREENSBURG, Pa.. April 26.— 1t was
through a wager entered into between
George Stoncowich and John Mickolick
that death and destruction was brought
about in the tenement house at Laramer
on Tuesday night.
The party of Austrians sat in a room
where there were stored several kegs of
powder and some dynamite, at the home
of John Mickolick. discussing the explo
sive powers of powder and dynamite.
Stoncowich offered a wager of 25 cents
with Mickolick that the blasting powder
contained in the kegs would not ignite.
The bet was accepted and a quantity of
the powder was placed on the tloor and a
lighted match thrown into it. Stoncowich
lost the bet. The body of Mickolick lies
at the morgue here. The other victims
will recover. .-;.,;
SUBSIDY BILL INDORSED.
National Association ' of Manufac
turers Favors the Measure.
BOSTON. April 26.— The National Asso
ciation of Manufacturers has indorsed the
bill now pending before Congress for th.c
encouragement of the American merchant
marine. Resolutions favoring the laying
of competing cables between the Unitea
States and Cuba. Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines were adopted.
The association voted to hold its next
convention at Detroit, Mich. .
Explosion Wrecks a
Boer Arsenal at Jo
hannesburg, Killing
Thirteen Men and
Injuring Many.
Cause of the Disaster
Is Not Known, but
It Is Believed to
Have Been a Trai
tor's Deed*
> —
PRETORIA. April 25.— A terrible ex
plosion occurred at Johannesburg
last night in a magazine containing
smokeless powder. Thirteen work
men were killed and thirty-two in
jured. The building was demolisheJ and
a number of structures in the vicinity
were destroyed by fire that -was communi
cated from the burning ruins of the ar
senal. The scene was one ghastly in the
extreme and attracted a great crowd. The
shrieks cf women and children added to
the horror of the situation.
The wrecked arsenal was located just
opposite from the Begbif wcrks. used by
the Government as an arsenal. About 20u
persons, mostly French and Italians, were
employed in the latter place. Among the
injured was Htrr Grunberg, the manager
of the workn. ' ,
The cause of the explosion is not known,
though there is a suspicion that it was
the work of a traitor. Fortunately the
most valuable portions of the machinery
were saved.
As soon as possible after the explosion
the work of rescue was commenced.
Many heartrending sights were witnessed.
The Red Cross ambulance rendered ex
cellent service in assisting the wounded.
Another batch of British subjects, con
sisting of ten men. 263 women and 429
children, have been put over the border
and are goirg to Delagoa Bay.
LONDON. April 26.— The Pretoria corre
spondent of the Dally Mail, telegraphing
on Wednesday, says: "The Government
inquiry suggests that the explosion was
a planned outrage. The explosion oc
curred in a house quite separate from the
works and required a much larger quan
tity of nitro glycerin than could have been
found on the premises. The factory will
be working again in a fortnight."
The Lourenzo M,arques correspondent of
the Daily News, under Wednesday's date,
commenting" upon the methods of tbe
Transvaal Government in expelling Brit
ish subjects at a time when there is no
steamer to take them from here says:
"United States Consul Adalbert Hay Is
doing- his best to delay their departure
until a steamer is ready. As the British
are suspected at Pretoria" of having
caused Tuesday's explosion by means of
a tunnel dug from a house on the opposite
side of the street the affair is likely to
precipitate the expulsion of those yet re
maining. It Is also feared that the Boers
will make reprisals on the mines."
French Enters Dewetsdorp
DEWKTSDORP. Wednesday. April 23.—
General French entered this town to-day
with two cavalry brigades. He left camp
at daylight and found the Boers holding
the hills. These were shelled and the
Boers retreated. The cavalry pushed
around the position of the Boers above
the town, where they were holding Gen
eral Rundle In check. It 13 reported that
6000 Boers passed through the town last
night in order to avoid General French's
attack In the rear.
CONCESSION
FOR A CANAL
CANCELED
Nicaraguan Government Dis
poses of the Maritime
Company.
> —
"WASHINGTON. April 26.— The Nica
raguan Government has finally
the concession of the Maritime Canal
Company to construct a ship canal across
Nlcarag-ua.
This decision is the result of proceedings
covering a period of nearly five months.
The* original concession would have ex
pired on October 5 last, but the company
applied for an extension of the period.
This was refused by the Nicaraguan Gov
ernment, and then the company, contend
ing that It had been prevented by cir
cumstances beyond its control from carry
ing out its contract, had resort to an ar
ticle in that contract providing for a set
tlement of differences between the com
pany and the Nicaraguan Government by
means of arbitration. The Nicaraguan,
Government admitted the obligation to
arbitrate the matter and announced Its
arbitrators. The company was invited to
do likewise, but being i.otilled that, in ac
cordance with the common laws of na
tions, it must name Nlcaraguans as ar
bitrators, it failed to do so.
On the 31st of January the Nfcaraguan
fiscal solicitor appeared before the Su
perior Court and asked for a judgment
against the company by default. Since
that date the matter has been held under
consideration, and the United States Min
ister to Nicaragua, Mr. Merry, has been
at Managua seeking to effect a Just set
tlement of the issue. Informat^n has just
reached here that the courts, having de
cided against the company's claims, the
Nicaraguan Government has refused to
extend the period of time allowed for the
construction of the Nicaraguan canal by
the Maritime Canal Company and has va
cated its concession, i
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 158.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLCANCER BACILLUS FOUND.
Berlin Scientist Claims to Have Lo-
cated the G«rm.
BERT.IN. April 25. -Professor Maximil
ian Schullrr claims to have discovered the
cancer bacillus. The Central Blatt Puer
Bacteriologist*!, publishing a report 'of a
ec-rles of "xporiments. gives a detailed de
scription of the appearance and develop
ment of the bacillus.
Klondike Census.
SEATTLE, Wash.. April M.-Telegraphic
advices of April 21 from Skaguay brought
to Seattle on th«* FUramer Humboldc ar
riving to-day. Ft.ite that the census of the
Klondike !.as been completed. The popu
lation cf Davson Is 504« and of the Klon
dike 2597. Dawson hap 1120 voters and the
£,n, n V re .. dlFtrirt 3944 - "T" 0 district has 2767
Btitub subjects and K29 citizen* of the
Trited fiiat^s. The population of Dawson
has Increased 1200 Elnce January.
SPECIAL SALE
Only ! | . . i
MWS TAN LACE PIT OK. i^^^^Ujj/
latcM tee and Ltst; regular * :y v> ?~j
price $3 £0. * Wfy&g&B
Special W £i»
Sale F»rle*» AZ'^Jr
IiADIES' TAN -.
OXFORD t\^ol^rFi£Sl
TIES (L«lnl, cf^PC^^S^ni
rr.»kcr»). point- '/&tSSYS^-*Xr
ed to« 8. LXV ¦ £?&g®KS~Er
heels, cloth and /^zflJy^t^&L
V't t"M, alzei >#*sSJ^'' *^*&>
»tt-nt. widths /r* 3^ j/
AA -KJ; rerular *M
I>rlc« |5. . "TtMtit* 11 **
Special Pal, Price «;3 "CO.
MISSES' OXBLOOD BUTTON SHOES, squara
toes, cloth and kid tops; regular price IJ.
6pecl«l »j\l*» F*rlc« 1.0-5.
INFANTS* OXBLOOD BUTTON SHOES. n«w
toes and last*, alzcs 1-8; regular prtct $1 U.
SpscUl s-.alc* Price siOc.
830-832-834 Markat Street
BAN FRANCISCO, CAl* -•
Pure, Selected Materials
only mz* vr-i^i in the nreparatlcn of MALT
NUTRIN'E. the rrestert tonic and food-drink.
Th* name of the Anheusfr-Husch Brewing
Aiw'n. its makpr«. guarantees its merit. Sold
by all drurcirt*
EFFORT S TO
FORCE CRANE
TO RESIGN
4
Politicians Are Stirring Up
Strife at Agnews
Asylum.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 26.— Medical Director
Crane at Agnews Asylum is proving to be
the whole thing, so far as the manage
ment of that institution is concerned, and
the Rca gang and local politicians have
been turned down. For years these peo
ple farmed out the patronage in the asy
lum through the locaj trustees, and the
place became filled with help that de
pended on a political pull to hold their
Jobs. With Sponogle's departure a changr
took place. Members of the gang now de
clare that Dr. Crane is prejudiced against
local help. Managers Hale and Green
inger have long quit making recommenda
tions for appointments, and many claim
that in order to secure positions at the
place they must give their address other
than Santa Clara County. Since Crane's
appointment there have been over flfty
changes in the corps of employes— an
average of six or eight resignations a
month. In tilling these places the trus-.
tees have not been consulted.
While the local trustees— Hale and
Greeninger— would like to rebel at this
monarchial reign of Dr. Crane's, they do
not dare 'to. Gage Is backing Crane up
in his administration. The terms of
Greeninger and White expired several
months ago, and it is said these vacancies
exist in the shape of a club. Should either
of those whose terms have expired at
tempt to take Crane to task they can be
removed immediately, and two new men,
with Trustee Wilson of San Francisco
would give him a majority of the board.
While there is some dissatisfaction
among the employes at the asylum be
cause of a reduction' in salaries and strict
enforcement of rules, It is stated local
politicians are working to an end to se
cure Crane's resignation by stirring up
strife at the asylum and the promotion ol
Second Assistant Physician Marvin as di
rector. Marvin secured his position be
cause of voting for Dan Burns for Sena
tor in the Assembly, and the gang have
figured it out that with him as director
the patronage of the institution would be
once more in their hands..- They think
that If matters could be made so uncom
fortable for Crane that he would resign
Marvin would be the only available man
for the place, as First Assistant Physi
cian Stocking's position under Sponogle
would disqualify him. and besides Ga^e
had recomjnended that he be removed at
the time he turned Sponogle out.
RENO GAZETTE
TAKES A WHACK
AT VON SCHMIDT
Nevada Paper's Caustic Com
ments on Lake Tahoe
k*cneme>
Erecial Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, April 26.— Under a "flare" head
line, to-night's Reno Gazette publishes
Nevada's side of the scheme proposed in
Wednesday's San Francisco papers by A.
W. Yon tachmiut, "president of the Lake
Tahoe and aan Francisco Water Works,"
by which he offers for an almost unlimit
ed number of millions of donars to tunnel
thruusn the bierra' Nevaua Mountains,
and after diverting the waters. of Lake
Tahoe, convey mem In pipes to San Fran
cisco, and practically obliterate the Spring
Valley Company.
The Gazeitc article refers to Yon
Schmidt as the "would-be water stealer
of the century," and then quotes a letter
written, ten years ago by It. L. Fulton,
then manager of the Nevada State Board
or Traue to the Mayor and Board of Su
pervisors of San Francisco, In which Yon
Schmidt's lack of rights are said to be
fully shown, and in which It Is made to
appear that the use of the waters of Lake
Tahoe are essential to the welfare of Ne
vada, and that the people of Nevada will
protect them to the last ditch against all
the promoters of Christendom or any one
else.
Many interesting figures and facts, as
well as references to the law in the case,
are given showing among othera things
that there is no surplus water to be had
and that any possible storage would raise
the level of the lake but a trifle.
The Gazette then prints an Interview
with Mr. Fulton, had to-day, In which ho
cays: "There is a six-foot dam at Lake
Tuhoe, but It does not belong to Yon
Schmidt and he. does not own the land
it stands on. Yon Schmidt claims a dam
lower down the river. That dam was
burned out years ago. It never stood on
his land. He took up forty acres, but he
built the dam on land next to It, which
the, Truckee Lumber Company owns.
What ails. the people of San Francisco?
Just across the summit from Lake Tahoe,
where no $10,000,000 tunnel would have to
be built, they have beautiful lakes with
pure water that sink into the bay un
used," ¦.• :•. •
• In conclusion, Mr. Fulton says: "If you
could gel a good committee from the
Board of Supervisdrs of San Francisco to
visit the head « waters of the American
River, see hoon Lake. Spider Lake, Blue
Lakes and a hundred others, then bring
them to Nevada "County, California, and
to Washoe County, Nevada, and let them
see Mr. yon Schmidt's surplus and where
It goes, there would never be anything
more - heard of Mr. yon* Schmidt or his
schemes. All his talk about only, using
water that he would store up from flood
time is pure bosh. The floods are stored
now,- every drop, and the»-, water' Is all
.used."-" ..'.v:'_ ;¦¦ , .¦•. ¦-¦¦¦•'.:¦¦'. .^: •. ? ¦
: . Mr. Fulton Is a representative Nevadan
and as well posted on this subject as any
*a»*: ; .-
DREW AGAINST
HIS MYTHICAL
BANK ACCOUNT
George Hayford Held for
Trial for Passing Worth
less Checks.
NEW YORK, April 26.— George Hayford.
formerly a lawyer in San Francisco and
recently a lecturer on .prison reform, was
held in $1000 bail by United States Com
missioner Shields to-day on a charge of
obtaining money on false pretenses. Hay
ford was arrested last night at his home
on advices from Washington, D. C, that
he was wanted there for passing worth
less drafts. Edwin Spaldlng, a lawyer, Is
the complainant against Hayford. He
said that on March 21 he cashed a draft
for Hayford drawn on the Douglass Coun
ty Bank of Watervllle, Wash. The bank
returned the draft two weeks ago with a
statement that the bank had never heard
ol Hayford until within the past few
weeks, when they had received drafts
from different sections of the country ag
gregating $550. Hayford said:
"There is a terrible misunderstanding.
There is not the slightest irregularity In
anything I have done."
George Hayford was for a time previous
to the fall of IS9B a practicing attorney of
the San Francisco bar, but his practices
were of such shady character as to bring
down upon him the censure of his profes
sional brethren as well as the strong arm
of jthe law. The crimes of embezzlemeot
and obtaining money by false pretenses
were several times charged against him,
but by some means not clearly apparent I
to 'the public he always escaped paying
the-penalty his offense demanded.
He was arrested on September 14, 1596,
at the Instance of Mrs. Susan Cunning
ham, a client, on the charge of embezzle
ment, on which charge he was held over
in the Bum of $3000, but was acquitted in
the Superior Court. On June 4, 1807. on <
the complaint of Attorney Jordan, Judge
Belcher In open court suggested that he
be presented before the San Francisco
Bar Association for expulsion on account |
of his shady action in the case of Wil
liam Knowles vs. B. J .Baldwin. On De- |
ceinber 20, 1807, Judge Conlan gave him an '¦
unmerciful excoriation In his court., char
acterizing his conduct In. a. certain case i
as subornation of perjury and calling the i
attention of the Grand Jury thereto. , |
On March 8, IS9S, William Ralston, pro
prietor of the restaurant at 763 Market i
street, lodged complaint with the police
against' Hayford charging- him with ob- i
ttilning money on false pretenses, giving '¦
a check on the Union Trust Company; and
getting change, when he had no money
there to his credit. On March 8 following
two more- warrants were issued for his
arrest, one on complaint of E. H. Baxter
of the No Percentage - Pharmacy, 949
Market street, charging him with petty
larceny by trick, fraud and device, and
the other of I). M. Fletcher, saloon-keeper
at -Hayes street and. Van ¦> Ness.- avenue, •*
for obtaining" money >by false -pretenses. -;
In each of these cases he had given checks ;
when he 'did not have the money to hla
eriMilt. • •*; J
Lowe and Santa Monica. Two weeks ago
Los Angeles Commanderv had provided
1000 tickets for the pleasure of the
Knights and their escorts. These were
yesterday distributed, and to take advan
tage of this opportunity to visit the rare
spots of the southland an early adjourn
ment was taken and the Installation of
officers postponed until 11 o'clock to-mor
row morning.
At Pasadena and the other points the
local commanderles took charge of the
visitors, refreshments, and social func
tions being the programme for enjoyment.
Aside from the conferring of the Order of
the Temple to-night by L,os Angeles Com
mandery the night has been given up to.
festivities.
Knights and their ladles to-night have
made a path between the Westminster
T OSANGELES.ApriI 26.— 50 far as the
j ¦ serious work of the forty-second
I conclave of th.c Knights' Tempiar
j Grand Commander}' of California is
¦ ' concerned the session of the body
can be called closed, as to-day completed
llie business that called the Knights to
the jurisdiction south of Tehachapi. To
day was consumed In the grand session to
the reading of reports of officers, deferred
committee reports and the finishing of the
routine business that had accumulated.
Anxiety was manifest in every seat to
break away from the monotony that hung
between four walls, as the day had ar
rived to participate in the excursions that
had been planned for Catallna, Mount
1. JOSEPH FISCUS.
J. J. R. PAUL.
8. — LARSON'.
4. FRED L.EIXE.
E. C. L. ENNIS.
«. W. A. HAMMEU
7. F. M. PARKER.
LOS ANGELES COMMANDERY No. 9.
HAVOC OF
FLAMES IN
TWO CITIES
Continued From First Pare.
WORK OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
AT LOS ANGELES IS ENDED
CIVIL RULE
TO BEGIN I
PORTO RICO
Charles H. Allen Will Be
Inaugurated Governor
on May 1.
HOLIDAY IS PROCLAIMED
Citizens Invited to Suspend Their
Ordinary Vocations and Join
in Celebrating the Great
Event.
PAN JTIAN PE PORTO RICO. April
26. — Governor General Davis, through a
pi.era! order, has annoucced to the peo
p'.e of Porto RJco that the inauguration
t>f Civil Governor Charle» H. Alien will
take place la the executive mansion May
1. Following the time honored custom of
the island, the day's ceremonies will be
t'in with sunrise serenades by bands of
music, followed at 9 o'clock by military,
r.av&l and civil pnrades. which will be re
viewed by the Governor on the Plaza
Principal. Tuesday. May 1, will be ob
served as a general holiday throughout
the island. The citizens are invited to
EXlspend their ordinary vocations and unite
In honoring the day. which Is designed to
bC forever memorable in the history of
Porto Rico.
The rarfid*? will consist of four compa
res oi the Porto Rico Regiment of Ma
nr.rs. the civil societies and the troops,
vho will wear white helmets, blue
btoeses end white trousers. They will be
bended by the band of the Eleventh Ueg
iir.ent.
Governor Allen w!ll probably arrive here
ti-morrow, when General Davis will visit
the Dolphin and arrange with the new
Governor the programme for disembarka
tion. Governor Allen probably will be
r*corted from the wharf to his mansion
by detachments from the Port* Rico reg
lrarnts and the insular and municipal po
lice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 27. 1900.
+. The San Francisco Kennel +
*¦ Club is almost ready for its +
? great JJench Show. Next Sun-
day's Call will show you some +
splendid photographs oi some +
4: splendid dogs, all candidates -^
NOT TO VISIT PARIS.
Report That the Kaiser Will Go In-
cognito Is Denied.
BERLIN. April 26.— The statement of
the French press that the present visit
to Parts of Prince Hohenlohe. the Im
perial Chancellor, is intended to pave the
way for Emperor William's " visit incog
nito is emphatically denied by the German
Foreign Oflice.
To enable German officers to see the
exposition the Kaiser has rescinded the
I^6 order. Officers must, however, uee
the prescribed precautions in order .to
avoid becoming victims .of the French
espionage law:
INDEPENDENCE
FOR CUBA ON
JULY FOURTH
Text of a Resolution Intro-
duced in the Senate
by Mason.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— Senator Ma
con to-day Introd-uced a Joint resolution in
the Senate requesting the< President to
withdraw the United States troops from
Cuba co as to turn the government of
that island over to the Cubans by the
4th of July.
The resolution Is preceded by a pream
ble setting forth that In entering upon the
war with Spain the United States dis
claimed any disposition or intention to
exercise sovereignty over 'the is and; that
the United States Is under treaty obliga
tion to give independence to the Cuban
people; that "the continuance of the
United States In possession of the island
has excited the ¦ attention ,of the
world and Is exciting the: apprehension of
the people of Cuba"; that under the Mon
roe doctrine the island is safe from for
eign invasion; that "the Cubans- have
shown a disposition to "make the best ef
forts to govern themselves and can un
doubtedly <3o so without endangering life
or property and that the United States
l;r««. dm <¦ all that cr»u!d be exne-cted of it."
The full text of the resolution follows:
That the President of the United States is
hereby requested to withdraw the forces of the
Uniiod States as rapidly as may b* done with
convenience and safety and that on the 4th
of July. 1600, all cUll and military, power of
the * Unite€ States be turned over and sur
render*! to the pec»>l<» of the island of Cuba.
Hotel and Kramer's Hall. Golden Gate
Commandery this evening entertained in
.the parlors of. the Westminster, prepar
ations having been maoe for the comfort
of 1000 people. This commandery being
noted for the elegance of its functions,
very many went who otherwise would
have passed the entire evening at'Kram
er's Hall, where the Ladles' Drill Corps
of Los Angeles kept open house and enter
tained all the Knights and their ladies.
The Los Angeles Knights, under whoße
auspices the ladies are holdlpg the recep
tion, prepared an elaborate entertainment.
The banquet at Mnlaki Temple to-morrow
night in Oasis Los Angeles is sharpening
the appetite mental and otherwise of all
Sir Knights. It will be the warmest affair
of the kind in the history of the order In
this State.
»
'a he visitors who came here from the
north to attend the meeting are loud in
tlltfir praises of Los Angeles as a conven
i. n city and they cannot, they insist, find
words to express memselves upon the
subject of Southern California hospitality.
All of them, men and women alike, de
clare that they have enjoyed themselves;
that their every wish has been gratified
during their stay. Nearly all will remain
until the last, and not one of the four
special trains, which brought the five
leading commanderies south, will leave
the Arcade depot until Saturday, between
noon and night.
The traditional banquet and great feast
of camels foot Jelly and extra dry mum
mies at Malaki Temple, nobles of the
Mystic Shrine will .keep the visitors until
the end of the festivities.
15. J. HART.
16. WILL JEFFRIES.
17. FRANK PFAFINGER.
18. H. W\ CHASE.
19. F. M. SMITH.
20. FRANK MESSMORE.
21. DAVE SUTHERLAND.
22. JAMES LONG, Commander.
23. B. R. PENDKLL.
24. JOHN FRANCIS. •
25. M. W. DYER.
26. G. H. STEWART. . '
27. W. D. STEPHENS.
28. J. C. CANNON.
29. V?. C. BLAKE.
SO. GEORGE SINSABAUGH.
8. JOHN KINGSLEY.
t. J. F. HUGHES.
10. W. GUTHRIE.
11. J. A. FOSHAT. •
12. J. M. BURR.
IS. ROBERT MARCH.
14. MARK JONES.
tion of the city east of Division street.
rhe r,M boundary line of the city before
RochesterviMe was annexed, was almost
entirely burned down. Here and there a
mains remains. The village of Hinton
bwrg. st!i! farther east, in proximity to
the- city, has rot been destroyed as re
pr- rted The greater part remains.
Mechanirsvi'le. .too. was supposed to
fcavo been entirely swept away, but still
jc-mains. The fire- at midnight was large
ly confined to that part of Rochesterville
lylrg rear the St. Louis dam in the south
east part of the city. Unless a heavy wind
;ires the remainder of the city is safe.
Thp bucket brigades of the military and
the Uontrea] liremen with their engine
<?id yeoman service at this point. In addi
tion to the losses mentioned there is that
of the Export Lumber Company, limited,
whose establishment was at the Chaudl
«re. Their loss will be very heavy, but is
covered by American and English' insur
ance companies. A prominent lumberman
said that the price of lumber would cer
tainly he raised on account of the- fire.
The casualties so far reported are Miss
C'pok. an old woman, who lived on We!
lir.gton street, near the French church,
snd who was burned to a crisp In her
boose. An unknown man was found dead
oa the Canadian railroad track. James
Mavan of Queen street west is reported
to be fatally Injured, and Borne pieces of
timber fell on James Merrifleld. who was
taken to the hospital. The Government
Is supplying blankets and doing all In Its
power for the comfort of the sufferers.
The Ottawa Insurance Company, a new
Institution, will be a heavy loser in the
fire. All the Canadian companies and
pome of the English and American com
panies are interested.
A prominent lumberman, who Is not in
terested himself, placed the losses for
lumber piW at from four to five million
dollars. This is thought to be a low esti
mate, as the Export Lumber Company
alone has lost nearly Jl.OftO.ooo. The same
lumberman estimates the entire loss at
about $13,000,000.
The larr<- oliff tvhlrh extends from the
Ottawa River back by Christ Church and
Kt. John the Baptist Church on to Ro
cfcestervme was the only thing which
Ftorped the whole city of Ottawa becom
ing a prey to the fire. Shortly after noon
the wind, which iril blowing previously
In a northwostf rly direction, changed to a
southeasterly direction, and in this way
what remained of Ottawa was saved.
While the Victoria and Chaudlere isl
ands wr-re a seething mass of roaring
flames, the fire made another Jump and
caupht In the frrijrht sneds of the Ca
* radian Pacinc Railroad yards at Chau
fiirre and soon after the union station
was ablnz* 1 .
The rolling Ftnrk and mont of the freiffht
srid bagpape ha 4 been removed, but the
flames with great rapidity, and
In a very short time the whole of the
Chaudlcre fiats were fire-swept. The mass
of fire was blown by the wind, which
fctlffly continued to blow a gale, down
¦tipon Roches tervllle. Mechanicsville and
Hlntonburg.
The fire also devastated the little set
tlement of St. Marys. The flames spread
along the Richmond road, burning Mar
tin & Warner's flour mill and extending
almost to Skead's mill, come three miles
beyond the city limits. " At that time. 5
o'clock, there was almost a continuous
line of fire from its starting place at
Chaudiere street. Hull, to the St. Louis
dam and the experimental farm In one
direction, and through and b>ycnd Hin
tor.burg In another, a distance of nearly
wven miles. In some places the fire was
more than half a mile deep.
INDIANA REPUBLICANS
NAME STATE TICKET
Colonel Winfield Taylor Durbin Nomi
nated for Governor on the
Seventh Ballot.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 26.— After a con
test that lasted from 9 o'clock until 3 In
the afternoon Colonel Winfleld Taylor
Durbin of Anderson was nominated for
Governor by the Republican State Con
vention to-day. The nomination was made
on the seventh ballot, after Durbin had
gradually drawn strength from the fol
lowing of Griffiths. Hogate. Haggard.
Posey and Dodge. The nominations for
the State ticket follow:
For Governor— Wlnfleld T. Durbin.
Lieutenant Governor— Newton GilDert.
Secretary of State— U. B. Hunt.
Auditor of State— W. H. Hart.
Treasurer— Leopold Levy.
Attorney General— W. J. Taylor.
Superintendent of Public Instruction— F. I*
jlfd^ea of Supreme Court-First District. John
H. Jordan; Fourth District. L. J. Monica.
Reporter of Supreme Court— C. F. Remy.
State Statistician— B. F. Johnson.
Delegates at Larye to the National Conven
tion—United States Senator Fairbanks ana
United States Senator Beverldge. Governor
Mountt and Charles S. Hernley. chairman of
the State Central Committee.
Alternates— Nathan Powell. T. H. Adams.
F A. Amsden. O. Brewer. , ..
Electors at Large— Hurt H. Hanna. Indian
apolis; Charles Miller. Goschen.
The convention was one of the most har
monious ever held by the Republicans or
Indiana. Just before the convention ad
journed a resolution was adopted extend
ing to Senator Beveridge, who is at Dan
ville. N. V.. attending at the bedside of his
wife, the sympathy of the body and its
earnest hope for her speedy recovery.
At 10:10 o'clock, after thirteen hours of
continuous session, the convention ad
journed sine die:
DELEGATES DIRECTED
TO VOTE FOR M C KINLEY
Republicans of Mississippi Strongly
Indorse the Present Ad
ministration.
JACKSON. Miss., April 26.— M. A. Mont
gomery, E. C. Turley, John R. Lynch and
James Hill were named by the- State Re
publican Convention, which adjourned to
night, as delegates at large to the Repub
lican National Convention at Philadelphia.
The final session, . lasting nearly five
hours, was a turbulent one. The Mont
gomery faction, otherwise known as the
new white leadership crowd, captured the
convention and elected three of the four
men chosen as delegates at large. H. C.
Turley of Natchez was elected national
committeeman. Turley is a brother-in
law of Judge Thompson, President Mc-
Kinley's former law partner. The reso
lutions indorse McKinley's administra
tion, the Nicaraguan canal movement: de
clare that the financial question has been
effectually and finally settled; that the
Porto Rican tariff bill is the wisest piece
of national legislation that has been
passed in recent years, and instruct the
Mississippi delegates to cast a solid vote
I for McKinley's renomination.
and J. A. Rice. A resolution was adopts
indorsing U. S. Grant for delegate at larga
to the National Republican Convention.
REAFFIRM THE PLATFORM
ADOPTED FOUR YEARS AGO
Republicans of Massachusetts Con
gratulate the Country Upon
Rejection of Free Silver.
BOSTON. April 25.— The Republicans of
Massachusetts to-day elected delegates
and alternates to the national Republican
convention. Congressman F. H. Gillette,
permanent chairman of the convention,
delivered a lorn? address. The platform
presented by Attorney General Knowlton
was adopted unanimously.
The platform affirms adherence to tne
platform of St. Louis of 1596. and congrat
ulates the country upon "the rejection or
free silver coinage and the Indorsement
of the gold standard." Relative to com
binations of capital for industrial and
commercial purposes," the resolutions de
clare that whenever they become destruc
tive of the rights of citizens they should
be suppressed by adequate statutes en
acted by Legislatures of the States or by
Congrera if the resulting evils are beyond
the power of the States. The retention
of the Philippines and Cuba te advocated
and the construction of an Isthmian canal
and the laying of a Pacific cable ara
strongly urged. The encouragement of
shipping by proper legislation U favored.
Delegates to State Convention.
Bpe«tal DlsDatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 28.— The Republi
can County Central Committee met to-day
and appointed the following deleyate* to
the State convention: Colonel "W. H.
Alken. XV. R. Porter. G. G. Radcliff. D.
F Maher. H. F. Kron. XV. C. Hoffman.
A. G. Lay. H. G. Hollenbeck. Dr. Ben
jamin Plant resigned aa secretary of the
committee and H. S. Wanzer was elected
to fill the vacancy.
at> y KK-'i' i k V, lyrrrisrTS.
J, O'Brien & Co.
WILL PLACE ON SALE ]
THISMORNING
3
Extraordinary
BARGAINS
LADIES' APPLIQUED SUITS, \
tailor-made value for $10. I
will be sold at.. 84,50 \
LADIES' LIGHT GRAY SUITS, \
tailor made, va'ue fop
$12.50, will be sold at \
67,50 \
LADIES' BLUE AND BLACK
CLOT SUITS, tailor-made. \
value fop $;1, will ba sold T
at.. 57.50|
oveltj Suits from $15 to $65. *
J. O'Brien & Go.
IM6 Market street ;
Fine Suits o^. to
Business Suits. f^ *-*.
Dressy Suits. fc*(l ilSh^^W*V
Pants. 1M.r.0. rft^^!/ * V\
Satisfaction smar- \i> tj^H3J M^VT
Samples s<»nt free. L__^/ pjVafS' \\
JOE POHEIM, If / IB 1 \\
The Tailor. JIJ I / BQ | V
1110-1112 Market «t. ' JL 4
201-203 Montß'y st. -^^ V
<?visi* OR JORDAN'S SRCA-ri
OF ANATOMY?
\ . Cf^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 &%**>**. VVornl Wieakaeeo or Any contracted m
\. r3?rv3 disease »«e«i«»««-ly cm 4 hy the oia«4« T
() &&*&& Qh. •.'MaA.f PRIVATE DISEASES 4
1 f t-o-""'-"** freo and strirtly private \
/ J Mfv n ' Tt llmen ' personally or by letter A 4
\H T rt H **¦•*••• t^"'« in e^ery ease undertaken. V
0W i! Qu> > v "-hii!okl>Hll.oi.i)l'H««li
a ilTi •¦¦••MaiAciK. mail££> gg.aa. 'AT
A A 1} valiuUa book for mroj \
7OH JOBDAX AlO, JOS' -Market St.. S. 6 f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most w^nJ-rful aDUrodlslas and SnacLai
Tonic for the Sexual Ornaus 'or both «e«-»
The M-x:.-an Remedy 'or l)i.^ a »fc* uf t>i* icid-
nty» and HUdder. Sells on Its twa merit*
NABER. AUn & BRUNC. A«e Q ":
OS Market tt.. 8. F -iS^nd fur ClrciUr.*
REYNOLD'S
vj#^ pi f" cw persons need
Goutor Rheumatism, if on the Urstapt.roarh
rl me paroxysm tlu-y have recourse to this rem-
edy . .th, n. i s;i!!?K- d'*t» U oftt-n AcfTn-ient.
js- »ot«.Eii.uiu.. -o.ao.Vttmum.Nt .* ..
bKUSriiiS iS^&'is
u-*s M"..*rtl i*h »».
« "-»• '••¦ •<-• •¦ » ' -• -• • ;m-*> TsV-r-j -jir >-l
iHt«,r« piln.««». ju>f,»^n. »«,c« fWeWftajj .i*.
b!«m-o f«t-r>,rt-n«. r«i-.*r». <alK.r» Ho
Eruah MiimU;m.- t ri. fcOQ Sarsr »-n-nta St
lA/. T. HESS,
Tenth "oo^R-™ Ml^cuu. SprecWel, BU*.
Sa^Fra^sco 21 ffffi°f«
PITT nnVll Corn «' Fourth and
Ifi h b XII I A I Mar * e t- SF. Try
Will L iJUIIIL. steam and Laser.
¦¦<*• Overcoats ami
Valises c-.h<r-lcwi free,
THE WEEKLY CALL*
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
REPUBLICANS POURING
INTO LOS ANGELES
Friends of Thomas Flint Will Boom
Him for the League Presi
dency.
LOS ANGELES, April 26.— A movement
was started to-day In favor of Thomas
FJlnt Jr. of San Benito as the head of the
State League of Republican Clubs. Sen
ator Flint is not in any sense a candidate
for the office and has so announced, but
he has enthusiastic admirers who will
make every effort to «lect him to the
league presidency.
With the close of business to-day at
noon at the executive headquarters of the
local committee their reports show that
1440 delegates have so far been reported
from 275 clubs, with a grand aggregate of
30.000 members of the State.
The northern delegation will arrive to
morrow morning. The crowds will In
clude the delegates from San Francisco,
the Oakland Alliance. Sacramento and
other cities in the northern and central
parts of the State.
It was announced to-day that Stockton
would bid against San Jose for the next
league convention.
ALABAMA DELEGATES ARE
INSTRUCTED FOR BRYAN
Democratic State Convention Asks for
Legislation That Will Curb the
Influence of Trusts.'
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. April 26.— The
Democratic State Convention to-day com
pleted the State ticket, selected delegates
to the Kansas City convention, adopted a
platform and adjourned.
W. J. Samford of Lee was nominated
for Governor. Senator John. T. Morgan,
Frank S. White, A. H. Morrill and R. J.
Lowe were named as delesates at larpe
.to the Kansas city convention. The con
vention adopted resolutions indorsing W.
J. Bryan and instructing delegates from
Alabama to vote for him for President.
A resolution Instructing the delegation for
the Chicago platform's reaffirmation was
lost. The platform advocates the con
struction of the Nicaragua canal, and in
this connection pays tribute to Senator
Morgan. The treatment of the Porto
Ricans is denounced and legislation is
demanded "that will curb the Influence of
trusts and combinations."
Delegates to Sacramento.
SAN DIEGO. April 26.— The Republican
County Convention to-day chose fourteen
delegates to the Sacramento State Con
vention, which meets May 15. Those se
lected C. R* Stewart, E. S. Bab
cock. W. R. Guy, A. E. Nutt. D. C. Col
lier. J. G. Bureess, John Forward Jr.. A.
G. Nason. XV. H. Doddridge. C. C. Hakes.
Sam F. Smith. H. R. Arndt. A. D. Dunn
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Btomo Quinine Tablets. *AH
(Jrufrclsts refund rh* money If It fall* to cur«
E. W. Grove's' algnatufo U on each box. tie'
2IN SHAFTER'S INTEREST.
Bill Providing for the B«tirement of
the General.
WASHINGTON. April 26— Senator Bur
rows Introduced a bill in the Senate to
day authorizing the President "to select
from the retired list of the army an .offi
cer not above the rank of Lripadler gen
c-al who may have distinguished himself
durlns the war with Spain in command of
a separate army and to appoint him to
be major general on the retired list." The
till is in the interest of General Shafter.
Assaulted by Robbers.
Social Dispatch to The uu.
VAIXEJO, April 26.— Frank Gasser and
Auinietlne Jacques were murderously as-
Eaulted in the tenderloin district this
racrnlrK about 1 o'clock. Gasser received
a^blow on the head which fractured his
skull. He may die. Jacques escaped. Th
motive was robbery.
America's Latest Note De
mands an Immediate
Settlement.
OTHER POWERS WATCHING
TROUBLES
OF SULTAN
MULTIPLY
JAPANESE LABORERS
STRIKE FOR MORE PAY
Make a Demand for Higher Wages
When Their Services Are Badly
Needed.
Eprial Difsatch to The Call.
VACAVILLE, April 26.— Orchardlsts are
beginning to have their first serious
trouble with Japanese labor. Early in the
Ff-aEon it was reported that the Japanese
would strike for $1 25 a day as soon as
cherries were ripe. To-day the Japanese
a<ked several orchardists for $1 50 a day.
¦which was granted in some cases, while
ethers discharged the Japanese help and
put white people to work. The strike I
comes just as cherries are ripening very !
fr.st, and unless other help materializes j
will result in a serious loss to orchardists. j
WWte help is beinK put. to work as fast
as possible and should the strike con- J
tinue there will not be by the middle of ¦
the season any Japanese working in this ;
valley.
Many orchardlsts will commence thin- |
ring fruit next week and there is not an j
idle white man in this vicinity. The apri- j
cot crop is enormous and a great deal of
thirmlns *'H1 be done. The town authorl- j
ties have determined in consequence of •
the demand for help not to allow any of ,
the hobo class to He around idle. Wher? ;
work is offered and not accepted by this
class of people they will be promptly ar
rested and put to work on tiie rock pile.
MILLER STILL IN A
CRITICAL CONDITION
Dr. Bogle Charged With Assault
With a Deadly Weapon With
Intent to Kill.
f»P*rt«l Dlscatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, April 2C.— The condition
©r J. M. Miller, who as the result of a
difficulty over money matters was shot in
his yard last night by Dr. S. S. Bogle, Is
still swy serious and is regarded by the
physicians as critical in the extreme.
Dr. Bogle was to-day charged with as
tault with a deadly weapon with intent to
kill in Judpe Brown's court, his prelim- I
mary examination bclns set for next
Monday. The affair continues to be the
chief lopic of discussion here, and public
sentiment appears to be strongly with
Dr Bogle, wh6 is still out under $10,000
bail- _
Should This Government's Claims
Be Paid They Will Insist Upon
Similar Action on Their
Ovra.
? ?
? LONDON. April 26.— The Constan- ¦?¦
•?- tlncple correspondent, of the Dally ?
¦?• Mail cays: "In addition to rebuild- ¦?¦
•*¦ ing the American structures at -?¦
•?• Kharput, the Su'.tan has found a -?•
? way of paying the indemnity by ¦?¦
-?¦ ordering a cruiser built in the -?¦
•?• United States, the cost of which ?
? will Include the $200,000 claimed. By -?-
? this adroit movement he hopes tot-
?¦ shelve the question of principle ¦?•
¦?¦ and thus avoid giving the powers a ¦?-
¦?• pretext for pressing their claims." -t
? ?
•????? + ?????? ?tt + t»Mt»»»
CONSTANTINOPLE, Wednesday, April
Co.— Tho negotiations between the United
Slates and the Porto regarding the Ameri
can indemnity claims have again been
transferred here. United States Chargo
d'Affaires Griscom yesterday handed to
Tewfck Pasha, Minister of Foreign Affair*,
a not» based on instructions he had re
ceived from Washington, the tenor of
which has not yet been made known. It
is understood, however, that it demands
prompt payment of the indemnity. The
vote will be discussed at the council of
Ministers. Similar steps by the other
powers are regarded as imminent.
Charge d'Affaires Griscom In the present
circumstances declines to express his
views. The only istue at present, how
ever. Is the execution of the Porte's re
iK-aied promise to Minister Straus to pay
the Indemnity.
After Mr. Straus left the matter re
mained in abeyance until the dispatch
from Washington, April 17. sharply re
minded the Turkish Government tnat the
question required urgent attention. Tne
lorte immediately telegraphed to the
Turk'.i-h Minister at Washington, asking
for explanations of reported strained re
lations. The Minister replied that he had
called at the S;ate Department and was
Inforrr.tci that the situation had not jet
assumed a serious character. The
words, "net yet" seem to hay» im
pressed the Porte, and on the strength
of this information the Sultan issued
»n jrade in regard to the Kharput ir.at
tor, which he hoprd would serve as a sop
tnd defer pressure in the demand for in
demnity, although it is generally recog
nized that permit-ion to rebuild will be
cf little value to the missionaries without
the payment of the indemnity.
Another irade, issued April 15, orders
Rear Admiral Ahmed Pasha to proceed
to America in order to study the con
struction cf battleships.
WASHINGTON. April 2«.— lt is learned
that the note of Mr. Griscom. United
States Charge d'Affaires at Constanti
nople, is founded on the State Depart
ment's instructions to press \*igorously
the claim for indemnity already lodged
with the Porte. The note is not an ulti
matum In any sense, but is a continuation
of the expressed determination of the
Department to exhaust all peaceful
•ir.J proper means to secure a settlement
cf these claims.
It ! s not doubted that the Turkish Gov
ernraer* trcrsU spt'edlly meet our desires
in the matter could the claims be adjusted
privately «r.d without the knowledge of
its European Ambassadors In Constanti
nople, but this is impracticable, and the
Turkish Government is, it is believed, em
barr»i»«e2 at the necessity of settling all
;%•• claims of European countries for large
tun:H cf money, shr-uld the American
claims he allowed. Tho t-xpectant aiti
ui« of the Kuropean diplomatic agents
1" Coaatantinopk- during the active prose
cution of the negotiations is probably the
?dsi= for such s-tories as that put afloat
to the tffect that the Russian Government
«nu MCTCtIy backing Turkey in opposition
to the settlement with the United States.
It is realized that the Turkish Govern
ment is not at all averse to the spread of
a belief in the truth of this story, but it
is hold h^re that there is no foundation
in fact for it.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
111 !• \JUf- ¦ I «&O-D AY and to-morrow we have a special pi
@Pi I - JnIML • \' reß sa * e of men's all-wool singly and double |||
iii I j^^^^^^. ! iSm breasted suitsin cheviots, cassimeres and ij§
jlp |/f||i||||^S)lif||\ I - tweeds, constituting a varied lot of pat- i§§
iii I IiiIiSH^B H I II SSM terns in brown and gray mixtures in innumera- |i|
||;£! | I ||j (Plf (1I IP I'lilfii k' e shades ; the principal patterns are checks, stripes and mixed col- m§M
ff^S M ill Hi ffll l If ' '111 fulfil lli ors ' ewe ' iave a " sizes . there are onlyfrom 2to 8 sizes in each ||||
Pip /'} J illli 111 1 II fiiiilliPili k pattern. ' Though you might not get your size in one pattern, you can £|£|
W^li } A il/Mlnll hirf I Ifllll S^9lm get it in another. The assortment of sizes, as you see, is broken, so p|||
iffiUßlil' 1 ! 1 ''P^^^«M we have marked the suits down to a price that will sell them all out. % : %«s
l^i^ 111 1 iH ' Wl kVw \ iHi mm S The y are well worth $ 10 ar >d $12.50, but to-day and to-morrow we pH
1^ 11 2 i ! iflß fii 11 1 SiftlHli^ wil > sell the entire lot for ' . . fgM
tW'^MA mM&MMM^vm \ ]^ \ 1 !l \&slFw " II Hil iii^B^ ' rl- : s:^
WWI IM\lw \ m v ll mftffl® 1 ¥%l W I## HEN suits as £° od as these are so ) d for such a P rice - P eo P le are uick in seizin^ the Wffi&
M ijlf^iil/'iiiJlv W/ilv ' Mliß I' Hli'l^'l Wi \SVjS&J opportunity to secure a good suit at a low price. With this in view, we suggest §giV-*p
mrti U y!]|Sp! \\ MilM W V[ *M\\ ,' IISfW II \^/V/ that you call to-day if possible or early to-morrow morning. We think that we @#£
®' ; *?:R1 I |?R^! lf 'l'i tlf I PPf rßlrii® m THI Inn have enou g h suits t0 iast U P t0 Saturday night, but, of course, nnt in all the sizes or fife^
l¥£P VlS^^Wl^W ffmln 'I V flfl P "'l' ""'"' all the patterns: Remember, the sale is for two days only— to-day and to-morrow. jpSj^K
1 PSi 1 111 I I'\ \l UvlJ^ 4^diiUl i^^SSOJ^^^^^^^^^SBs2S23^ fejvV^
I^l I 'Iwffi i) lii! 1 "^g™JH| OR Friday and Saturday we shall offer in our | ~% * ft&£
M'&W* i Pftrif^f Pi M gE^ children's department a special sale of sailor U Mfe|^^ft®^V^?V SJSffe
h m j§M jji M liji f \lx suits * They are niade of mixed cheviot I ip^®^^Sos^m % l ijS^!
I ill' ill I i I lli!lli::l » have French cuffs (the pleated style), neat I \ WH>
W&% 1 SlWiflSi 1 HI ' braid trimmings, a whistle and cord; the ages run from | \ Wsi
Wifjjm I Jij I I $ fflh j We make the price this low because the suits are ;B; B ISr Wll ' !l^-li
ffi.'Vv *Jv I li'ili'l Vl'V 1 ' IH w^ at are ' eft °^ a lar S e Shipment. There have been |j WWI *
W%s * |1 11 WWm I numbers of the suirs sold, only two patterns remaining, | ||| Wffl j p|Sl|
£is:K| Hail %^^v I but they are the very latest of this season's productions. E, P^f 3 0Z&1
Wfi}:M 1 '*v*^ffl Mothers! Be sure you take advantage of this sale. IjP^jlj
MM Golf Shirts Golf Gaps ' ' lil
S^S To-day and to-morrow cnly we will The caps are not a two-days' spe- ' /^^^ S*^?P
•>'*-' W v^^^^^l^^T^^^^^Nv sell seventy-five cent golr shirts cial, because the price is already
S%S> ' '•'• t : l :: [ -C. ' •'¦ 'l' \^^T^ colorings constitute all customer merely P* ?4f
if •;':^M yR4mT' V you would expect to see— for the making, so W- %&$
U \:'^h If r Plitj s wlß^^ pinks, blues, heliotropes, you get a good four-bit M&M
%& '•'.:'. pi t feFM^ir "^^lHTP etc -' in harmonious effects; pair cap for 20c. They com- if ¦ '"''-'l-l
Pr&'-lfe "^^g^*^^^^ of cuffs with each shirt. The price prise all colors, patterns anJ |"t^ : aj:
f% '}' m \ |ij — 40 cents is for two days only. cloths. Ay''''}'^
ip| m W 718 Market Street. . HSB r V I^|
3J3AY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." "
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thura. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 d. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 1 50c
Fir*>
Losseti Incurred during the year 11.574.C32 OO
Risks and Premiums. ( Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
Y**r ••••• J263.7-50.K3 13.163.8 M 31
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
Net 'amount In force
December 31. 1539 362.252.707 4.041.073 93
E. C. IRVIN. President.
_ . BENJN. T. HERKNES3. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
flay of January. 1900.
THOMAS a PROSSER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHANK LAND.
State Agent for California. Nevada. Ariaon*
•¦ ~ and Hawaiian Islands.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Manager San Francisco Department
213 Sansome st.
?-, Telephone Mala 5C24.
F. H. BUSHNELL'S CHAMPION DOG
LE PRINCE JR. IS HOME AGAIN
FiNEST SMOOTH-COATED ST. BERNARD IN ALL AMERICA.
AFTER a four months* tour of the circuit of bench shows throughout the
Eastern States the famous St. Bernard dog Champion Le Prince Jr.. was
returned yesterday to his owner, F. 11. Bushnell of this city. He will bo
exhibited at the bench show to be held here on May 2. Champion L,e
Prince Jr. is the best smooth-coated St. Bernard in the United States. He has
met and defeated the best dogs which were Imported from England to'meet him.
He is a St. Bernard of wonderful type. He stands 35 Inches at the shoulder
and weighs 218 pounds. His color Is dark orange, correct white markings with
dark shadings. His sire was the champion rough-coated -St. Bernard Le Prince,
who never met defeat. His dam was the famous Judith Rachel, the mother o£
champions. F. 11. Bushnell purchased the grand dog from C. A. Pratt of
Argyle Kennels, Little Rock, Ark., when a puppy one month old.
This is the second time Mr. Bushnell has sent this grand dog East, and both
times he has returned crowned with laurels. Mr. Bushnell first sent his dog
East in December, ISOS. and on February 22. 1839, he made his debut at the West
minster Kennel Club show held in Madison-square Garden, New York. At this
show ho won second limit and second in the open class in a large entry,
under Miss Witney as judge. The decision caused much criticism- at* the * time.
At the Boston show held a month later Champion Le Prince Jr. met his New
York victor and defeated him under the same judge. Miss Witney, which - win
upneld the New York criticism. From New York and Boston he journeyed to Chi
cago, St. Louis, Minneapolis, Cincinnati and Pittsburgh and swept everything
before him, winning first and special In e-fery class. He won first in the open
class and special for the best St Bernard in the show In this city last year. He
was exhibited at the Westminster Kennel Club show, New York, on February 22,
WOO, and won second In the open class. In Boston he again took second in the
open class to the same victor as at New York, and both times under the same
judge. The victor at these two shows was not entered at any other' show where
Le Prince competed under another judge. From New York and Boston Cham
pion Le Prince Jr. competed at Chicago, St. Louis, St. Paul, Minneapolis, Cin
cinnati and Pittsburg. where he carried off all honors, being the winner in every
class in which he exhibited. He was winner of the silver cup for the best St.'
Bernard in each of these shows. Such a continuance of wins has ncjt been equaled
by any other St. Bernard since the days of Sir Bedlvere, the champion of the
world. • ' .. - . • • 'i.i^'-i.-i •. ¦- .'¦* ¦
Mr. Bushnell dees not intend to stop with this one dog, for he. has already
rent a commission to England to purchase for him the best rough-coated dog
and bitch that money can buy, an he Intends establishing on this coast a kennel
of St. Bernards that will be second to none in any country.
Look out for the special
Mayday edition of The Call —
it will appear on Sunday,
physical strain to which they may be sub
jected. The medical expert paid partic
ular attention to Murphy, as attention
had been called to his heavy breathing
while he was in training. He found the
Australian's heart and lungs in perfect
condition, his previous work in the ring
not having impaired them in the slightest
degree.
The bout has been what the pool sellers
call a "nice betting fight." On Wednes
day morning, when wagering commenced,
AL NEILL, middle-weight champion
boxer of the Pacific Coast, and
Tim Murphy, champion of Austra
lia, will meet in a passage at arms
to-night in Mechanics' Pavilion. Both
men have paid the strictest attention to
their preparation and neither can have
any excuses to offer when they leave the
, ring after the referee has declared one of
them the victor. They were examined by
Dr. Lustig yesterday afternoon, and he
.declared each of them lit to undergo any
NEILL AND HIS WATCHFUL SECONDS, "DUCK" SULLIVAN AND FRED MULLER.
the odds were 10 to 7. with N'eill money
plentiful and but few bettors to take the
Murphy tickets. As the clay advanced the
situation changed and Instead of there be
ing a scarcity of Murphy money the op
posite condition prevailed, the X-Mll bet
tors having for the time being exhausted
either their energies or their money. Un
der this condition Vurph.v went up a
notch, closing at 10 to 8, Neill being fa
vorite. Neill's adherents came up strong
yesterday again nnd the bulk of the
money went into Harry Corbetf s strong
box at 10 to 7. These odds may still
HEADWATER AND
CAPTIVE FINISH
NOSE AND NOSE
Judges Unable to Separate
Them, Deciding It a
Dead Heat.
Mortgagee Takes the Handicap at
Oakland — Bemota Is Beaten by
Diderot — De Blaise Shows
in Front.
»
In the mile selling ex-ent which con
cluded the racing at Oakland yesterday
Captive and H tad water indulged in a
highly sensational finish, baffling tho
judges as to the winner. The last named
Celdirg, with young Ranch in the saddle,
had been backed from 2 to 7 to a favorit
ism. For a time after the start Buchanan
on Judge Jingle cut a dash several
lengths out In the lead, collapsing after
turning for home. Then, assuming the
front position. It looked easy for the rirst
choice, when suddenly he began tiring.
Captive, next th« rail, cloeed fast, and as
the wire was passed the spectators were
<livlded as to which had won. So were
the Judges, and a dead heat was an
nounced, giving entire satisfaction. The
owners of the respective horses agreed to
split the puree, and the crowd were not
compelled to wait and see a run-olf, which
would undoubtedly have been taken by
Captive.
As Fashion Plate and De Blaise were
the only outsiders the books did not put
In a very profitable afternoon. The card
wore a dressy look, attracting a large at
tendance.
The Golden Gate handicap at seven fur
longs was conspicuous for the marked im
provement shown by Mortgage. Some
cays ago the iilly ran disappointingly in a
mile and a sixteenth run, but yesterday
covered hem-ll with glory by stepping to
town like "Hawkin's horse" did. Kosor
xnonde was a handy second over Dr. Siiep
pard. The winner was played down,
while every other starter receded In the
betting.
Nora Ives, the entry of Frank Phillips,
started favorite for the opening sprint
over the Futurity course. Moscow Boy
raced out in front with the first choice
until he grew weary. As the wire was
approached Her.nes^y on Fashion Plata
cajue with a rush, beating the 40 to 1 shot,
San Augustine, a length.
Lady Meddlesome, at odds on. captured
the jnile and a sixteenth selling event.
Storm King gave Andy Blakeley's mare
quite a stout argument until the paddock
was reached, when the black horse gave
lt up, the favorite winning easily. Coda
took the show.
Tfie Alameda stables' youngster. Dide
rot, had a pronounced call over Bernota in
the betting on the two year old scramble
and won very handily. After fifteen min
utes' delay at the post Bernota broke away
back in the bunch, closing very strong,
in time to get the place from Ar.drattus.
Going to the post at 8 to 1 De Blaise
outsprinted a big band in the fourth num
ber, reaching the stand a length in ad
vajnr* nf Ih* fnvuritp linmhonlia.
Track Notes
The horses owned by "Boots" Durnell,
Dan Hor.ig and ore or two other owners
will be shipped xlast to-morrow. '
Jockey Eddie Ames was told by the
judges yesterday to accept no more
mounts a.t Oakland. '
To-Day s Entries.
r^rsi race — rive :urione=. ::.a: .- n ir.ree-ycar
olis and up: veiling.
1671 Lew^ara *4' IH9 Lien dOr IW
112! Palatine •*« 1149 Miss Soak llj
luT4 Red Cherry VA. 1142 St. Germain ...M
IC3S Spike X IHT Nettie Clark 104
lOfc* GoWSnder 19C] 1136 Young Moreno. lol
lOCS Afcwannee 1041 llfT Letig-r 101
Second race — One d;le; four-year-olde and up;
eellins.
1141 Lou Rf>y 1"D1 105S Lest Girl ICS
1<:53 N;lgar 102 1123 Morir.ga 310
1073 Lc* Prietos ..tAXO] 1141 MeaduwUrk ...104
JUtfi)l»e B)a.!se Id H4i Twinkle Twlnk.l-.il
11T2 Dolore IC» 1141 Ulrr. tt
<1143)Rtir.a de Cuba. l^l (lllT)Romany lOfi
ThirJ race— Four furlongs; two-year-oli
Clli<-e: purpe.
10*0 Lily D-ggs 110- IU2 Carllee 100
1130 Irute 110 <lll«)Hcmage 110
JITS Moonbr:ght 110 J123 Location 100
11S8 MaJcea Vib lOkt Sacharoid 110
<ll^)Bavai,sa US 1143 Sublime 100
Fourth race— Five lurlongrs; four-year-clfi*
«nd pp; spiling.
Sl4 Pat Murphy.... lo6 IH6 Rnsalbra 119
Zl« Etta II 114 1141 Uonitwl K'l
114 C R njrma«rter I<^ IV.Z Casdale 113
IMS Aluminum IOS ]]41 Himt>:take 104
UN I^a.iy I'rlo'.** ..114 IISI I I>on't Know..l'.i6
CltijMifcs Bowena.~r.ll4 3106 Amaea us
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; purse.
1144 lic4u-nfr.de ....114 ! lISI Cue 1M
1i47 Ella IV.land ... 53 HO Xl Art* n
11 W Anchored 10J> UlSDPcmplno 10s
.... L!tti» F'.Fter....l f -9 1131 Alas 93
ll.'i L. McWh'.rter..!'* «v)]iaf iad S7
UCt ba.!lie Goodwla.lo9 (lUDTuthill 110
Flxth race— J' 1 !' and a sixteenth; three-year-
Dld« and us; »el!ing.
1333 L*r.a IW(n»)?5r Hampton ... 94
1139 Silver Tone ....1»6 ll4i Montanus 10C
UXtGnAf 110 ID AUenna fca
KMI AUrro |07 n"T I^a Borgia s:
11!S Magnus 107 1123 None Kuch 10;
1146 Alarla 104 1127 Scotch Plaid ...11J
Selections for To-Day
tt rst r&c^^— All witintf^t £* t . ¦_¦ o*l wrfcf SXiss
Third race— Homage, Bavassa, Maresa.
Fburth race— Miss Rcwena, Lady Hcloise,
Fifth n.n — Ola. V. ;,r. •. Tu thill, Poxnplno.
s. x * ): racfr— Sir Hampton, ,\\ '.•¦:.:. a , Scotch
PlaJiS.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
v ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
....; ..." .Saturday. May 19th. 1900
SS. HONGKONO MARU
Thursday, June 14th. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st., corner First. '
. W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
!P O IR, T Jj-JLN-TD
From Spesr-street ""Vhart at 10 a. m.
CARC £12 First Class Including Berth
rHIIL $8 Second Class - and Meals.
COLUMBIA Bails April 28. May 8. IS. IS
STATE OF CALIFORNIA saiis....May 3, 13, 23
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
(Baring Chart on Page Eleven.)
PHILLIES AGAIN LEAD.
Dcfaat Brooklyn and Pass St. Louis
in the Race.
STANDING OF THE CLUDS.
C!ub»- W. L. Pc. ( nubs- W. L-Pc.
Philadelphia. S 2 ."MiPittstiurx .... 3 4 .444
Ft. Louis 4 2 .6'/; New York 2 3 ,<.¦»
Cincinnati ... 4 3 .r,7i Chicago 2 4 .333
Brooklyn 3 3 .000 Boston 2 4 .233
SETT YORK. Ar>ril :6.-Th.» Xew Yorks made
another grand rally in the ninth inning to-day,
•coring five runs and tying the score. It was
then too dark to pUjr, but Umpire Connolly re
fused to call the pame. The Bortons went in
«.nd made thrt^ runs In the tenth. The Xew
Yorks In their half delayod matters at every
opportunity. FinaJly Umpire Connolly weak
ened and called the game. The game reverted
back to the ninth inning, with the score a tie
Attendance. 4(WO. Score;
•o2^~ ,n, n - H. E.
iT* 10 !* v. 1» 16 2
"New York U j 4
BattM-Ufc-Ralley, Pettlrger and Sullivan:
Ilawley and Grady. Umpire— Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. April =6.— Philadelphia's
heavy hltUrs batted out a victory to-day. They
were aided by Brooklyn's costly errors. Kitson
wae comparatively easy for the local batsmen
but had their opponents fielded with more ac
curacy the score would have been smaller *t
tendance. £166. Score: '
Club.-. R. H. E.
Brooklyn 7 «t c
Philadelphia )**u J J
Batt«*ries-Kitson and Smith; Bernhart and
Douglas. Umpire— Etnslie.
PITTSBt-RG. April Zfl.-Plttsburg opened the
•eason here before a record-breaking crowd
but disappointed her friends by permitting
the Cincinnati to win. The home club wjui
not In the gam« until the ninth Inning when
seven runs were made, coming within cr.e of a
tie. The vigorous rooting of the crowd out
Hahn In the air for a time in this Inning and
be forced two runs over the plate. Waddell
was reli-ved In the eixth inning after twelve
clean bits had been made. Attendance. ltOya.
Pittsburg ii, jf c
Cincinnati 12 i$ j
Batteries— Waddeli, Che*bro and Zlmmer-
Hahn and Peitr. Umpire — Swartwood.
ST. LOUIS. April -18.— Although Chicago tried
la vain to hand to-«ay # « game to 8t Louis on
a aUrcr platter Tebeau's men positively refused
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON LONDON. PABZ&
Stopping at Cherbours," westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m
St. Louis May 2( s?t. Louis May 23
New Y0rk.. .....May 3' New York May 30
St. Paul May 16, St. Paul .June 8
RLD srA^ LIN£.
New Yorlr end Antwsr-s
From New Tcrk every Wednesday, 12 noon
Xoordland May 2 Westernland ....May 23
Friesland May 9 Kensington May SO
South wark May 16 Noordland .June g
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco. May 15 anrt
from Seattle. May 24. to Norno and St. Michael
Subsequent sailings June 30, July 31. Aucu'n 20
First and second class passage. Xo steerage '
For fun information regarding freight aid
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agents
OCEAN TEAVEL.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
few. Steamers leave Broadway
'W!'''" I"**^1 "**^ wharf, San Francisco:
'• v '22v'k. For Alaskan ports — 10 a. m..
*»^?S^SK May 1. Chance to company's
jjX egSjXji'S steamers at Seattle.
••'¦ T>,«2h jCmI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
22&'Vr^%Jl C -)> ¦ Port Townsend, Seattle,
'^^SllPfs?.! T a coma . Everett. Anacortes
and New 'U'hatcom (Wash.)—
10 a. m.. May 1 and every
fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle to thl9
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Tacuma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— lo a. m.. April
29, May 4 and every fifth day, thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huerieme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. April 29, May 4 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Ohlspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
April 27, May 1 and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Calii. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder. v
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. Bailing dates and hours of sailing
' TICRKT oirFICB— 4 New Montgomery
strf. i*» k'ulace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market st., San Franclsc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
-OP THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE —
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1539. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant t>>
the provisions of Sections 610 and Sll of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. •
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 5353.043 O.T
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,764.208 Si
Cash Market Value nf all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,958.804 13
Amount of Loans secured by pledjre
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 141, 53) 11
Carh In Company's Office 40.647 73
Cash In Banks 125.814 SJ
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 25.333 77
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 44.2T2 X
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 804,132 3^
Rents due and acciued 1,53 c oo
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 15,913 4.1
Due for salvage on losses paid tB5l 03
Total Assets 53.25*029 42
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid 1162,887 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 153,8*3 75
Losses resisted Including expenses... J3.3X 81
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,830,533 83:
reinsurance B0 per cent 815.288 42
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,210,-
548 15: reinsurance pro rata 1.163.5CS 84
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance
policies 1,937.342 20
All other demands against the com-
pany 341,835 13
Total Liabilities ..M.740,59« 53
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums t2.495.732 «7
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgrases 107,818 93
Received for Interest and dividends
on. Bonds. Stocks. Loans and. from
all other. sources 144.1 M n
Received for Rents ».SB3 73
Deposit premiums received for per-
petual Fire risks €2.301 33
Total Income ..t2.813.73« 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding- 1254.743 07 losses of pre-
vious years) n.BC«.SR2 41
Dividends to Stockholders 20 000 •»
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage _ C3l 390 14
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc J74 223 54
Paid for State. National and local
taxes S3 140 73
All other payments and expenditures 206,545 29
Total Expenditures ....SJ. 12.588 13
Anti-Jewish Riots.
BERLIN. April 26.— Anti-Jewish riots
continue at Konitz, Baldenburg. Vands
burg, Brechlau. Czersk and Wlelle. At
Baldenburg a synagogue has been wreck
ed. A number of policemen have been
summoned from Bromberg and Dantzic
to re-establish order
f> take it. It was a miserable exhibition of
the national game. Attendance. 3100. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
St. Louis S IS 2
Chicago U 1* 6
Batteries— Pcwell, Young and Crlger; Calla
haa ar.d Donohue. U.v.pire— Hurst.
Association Games.
CLEVELAND, April 2S.— Cleveland 5. Indian
apolis 4.
KANSAS CITY. April 16.— Milwaukee 8. Kan
sas City 1.
CHICAGO, April 2S.— Chicago 9. Minneapo
lis 8.
EUFFALO, April 26.— Buffalo 3, Detroit 2.
Armstrong Knocked Out.
LOS ANGELES. April 2u.— Billy Galla
gher of this city knocked out Billy Arm
strong In the seventh round In a battle
before the Southern Athletic Club here
to-night. Armstrong apparently had the
better of the contest up to the time he
received a blow on the jaw. He was sev
eral minutes in recovering from the ef
fects of the blow.
RUSTY GOLD IS
TOO SPEEDY FOR
HIS OPPONENTS
Displays His Old-Time Form
and Wins Handily at
Ingleside.
Cruiser Beats Safeguard on a Fluke
at Ten to One — No One Was
Backing His Chances
to Win.
Sterl & Knowles' dog, Rusty Gold, -won
the midweek stake at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday with M. J. Kelly's Ever
Shore as runner up. Rusty Gold outclass
ed his opponents and rounded up . to his
Sears: D. O'Connell's Satan vs. W. Perry's
Campania; Steri & Knowles' For Glory vs. J.
McEnroe's Nor'west; J. R. Smith's Magic vs.
M. Mlrhalek's Terrona; D. Shannon's Strand
of Gold vs. P. J. Nolte'a Fire Laddie; H. A.
Deckeln.an's Rocker vs. .O'Shea Bros.' Merry
Girl; T. Nevin's Nellie N vs. J. Byrnes' Eleven
Spot; D. Ford's Bonita vs. E. M. KelloKK'a
Ben's Babe; Kay Bros.' Cross" Patch vs. J.
McEnroe's Lady Trilby; Russell, Allen & Wil
son'n Miss Allen vs. R. Toland's Twilight Jr.;
C. O. Ptterson's Silver Cloud va. R. L. Taylor s
Beauty Spot; T. Farming' s Babe Murphy vs.
R. E. de Lopez's Sara: W. Cairns' Imperial
vs. W. C. GlasFon's Slelchbella; C. Levy* a
Wild Game vs. E. Ready's Chauncey; W.
Stark's Thunderbolt vb. McCarthy & Muller's
Brentwood Belle; Curtlß & Son's Echo vs. C.
Bonner's Wild Nora; I). E. Wiley's High Born
Lady vs. M. Mlchalek's Terronite; S. Handy*3
Lady Hufco V 3. J. Hurley's Shylock Boy; J
Hurley's O X Capitol vs. P. J. XolttTs Fire
Queen; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Cable
ts. W. H. Shear's Alarue: r>. J. Healey's Lady
Clare vs. George McDougall's Spindle; D. J.
Healey's Grenada vs. J. Moriarlty's Jimmy An
thony: P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold V 3
S. Mahoney's Nellie G: P. M. Clarkson's Gold
en Garter va. S. Handy' s Free and Easy.
form of a year ago. at .which time he was
considered a. hard one to beat. Ever
Shore, the runner up. reached his posi
tion through sheer good luck. In his run
with Esmeralda the latter dog was un
sighted, but even then would have won
but for the favor of the hare. He beat
"Wild Norah after she had run four hard
courses, which should have caused her
withdrawal. Under fair conditions Wild
Norah should have- reached the deciding
round.
The hares proved to be a good lot and
much stronger than usual, four of them
reaching the escapes. Courses in conse
quence were longer and more Interesting.
Ten short ends landed. Fire Queen
against Prince George at the false odds
of 1 to 6 was the best. Cruiser beat Safe
guard at 1 to 10 on a fluke. The latter
dog led to the hare and would have won
but for a severe fall. Not a ticket waa
sold on the course. Deckelman's Snap
shot won from Maid of the Hill in the
longest course of the day after a hard un
decided. He was withdrawn after the se
vere work. Fern beat Strand of Gold at
2 to 3, Game Cock beat Charming Belle
at 3 to 1, Nor'west beat Modesty at 2 to 1,
Morse Patrol beat Beer Brewer at 3*Vto
1. Nor" west beat Baron Blood at 2 to 1,
Cruiser b<v»t Sir John Arnott at 2 1 ,*. to 1.
Morse Patrol showed great Improvement
and is expected to be In the winning class
from now on.
Following are the day's results with
Judge P. J. Keilly's official scores:
Midweek stake— J. Stillwell's Fern beat D.
Shannon's Strand of Gold. S— 6; Bartels 'Bros.'
Betsy Barrow beat J. Caveney's Juliet, 7— fl;
Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer beat R. K. de B.
I^opez & Son's Dairy Maid. 3—2:3 — 2: Farley Bros.'
Morse Patrol beat C. Clifford's Christmas r>ay,
12— Of R Attridge's Masterpiece beat J. Dil
lon's Colecn Rhue, 34—2; Curtis & Son's Terron
ite beat Farley . Bros.' Cash Day, 9—2: J.
Sweeny's Free and Easy beat J. Perry's i>!&a,
4—2: H Lynch's Game Cock beat Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Charmlne Belle, S— s: Sterl &
Knowles' Olita beat H. Lynch's Emma M. J— 6;
T. Sullivan's Caf-tle Island- P.oy beat J. H.
Muller's Mocoiito. 8—0:8 — 0: J. McKnroe's Nor'west
beat D. Dillon's Modesty. 14—2; Bartels Bros."
Baron Blood beat l^and ¦ & Gerber's Concord.
15—6; H. Lynch's Loiterer beat C. O. Peter
son's Silver Cloud, 4—3: Sterl & Knowles' Rusty
Gold beat H. G. Nichols" Lyonesse. C— l; D.
Ford's Bonita beat J. Duffy's Flashing Lass.
6—o; P. J. Nolte's Fire Queen beat D. Dillun'a
Prince George, 6—5;6 — 5; L. Herbst's Revolver beat
J. McEnroe's Lady Trilby, S— 2; C. Bonner's
Wild Norah beat A. F. Moors's Decency, 4—o;4 — 0;
T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer beat -A. John
pon's LowlanJer. 9—4:9 — 4: A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty beat D. Dillon's Europa, 7—l;7 — I; T. A.
Gaffney's Sir John Arnott beat H. Lynch's
Clairbourne, 4—3; J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser
beat D. Shannon's Safeguard, 9—7: Land &
Gerber's Mount Ida beat McCarthy & Muller's
Brentwoo<l Belle. 14— fi; M. Miehallk's Terrona.
a bye: Bartels Bros.' Winning Style beat J.
Dean's Sweet Lips. 6—4;6 — 4; M. J. Kelly's Ever
Shore beat O. O'Malley's Wolf Tone, 16—2;
J. M. Stillwells EsmeraMa beat D. E. Wiley's
May Girl 6—o; H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot
beat T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill. 24— 1C. .
Flrnt ttr— Uetsy Harrow beat Fern. 8— «:
Morse Patrol boat Beer Brewer. 4—3; Terronlte
heat Masterpiece. s—l: Free and Easy beat
Game Cork. s—o; Ca.«tle Island Boy beat Ollta.
s—o: Nor' west beat Barnn Blood. 7—5: Uustv
Gold beat Loiterer. 7—2; Bonita b«at Fire
Queen, a— o- Wild Norah beat Revolver, 4—2;
Mountain Beauty beat False Flatterer. 10— 4;
Cruiper beat Sir John Arnott, 1^—8; Terrona
beat Mount Ida. s—l: Ever Shore beat Winning
Stylo. 9—3; Esmeralda a bye.
Second tie— Morse Patrol beat Betsy Barrow,
B— 2: Terronlte beat Free and Easy. 5—4: Castle
Island Boy beat Nor 1 west. 7—4; Rusty Gold beat
Bonita, 6—o; Wild Norah beat Mountain
Be.auty. 14— S; Terrona beat Cruiser. S— 7; Ever
Shore a bye.
Third tie— Terronlte beat Morse Patrol, 18— B:
Rusty Gold beat Castle Island Boy. &— 1; Wild
Norah beat Terrona, 6—3: Ever Shore a bye.
Fourth tie— Rusty Gold beat Terrona. 10—0;
Ever Shore beat Wild Norah. s—o.
Final— Rusty Gold beat Ever Shore, 4— 3.
NINETY-SIX DOGS WILL
RUN AT INGLESIDE PARK
The stake at Ingleslde Coursing Park
for to-morrow and Sunday attracted an
entry of ninety-six. It is limited to non
winners and Includes an unusually good
lot of greyhounds. The sport will com
mence to-morrow at 12 o'clock and Sun
day at 10:30 a. m. The draw last night re
sulted as foiiows: . .
J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson vs. P. Hor
gan's Manila; T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott
vs. T. Famine's Royal Cliff; W. C. Glasson's
Santonin vs. S. Hanson's Long Shot Conley;
F. MeCcmb's Motto vs. J. J. Edmonds" . Morn
ing Glory; J. Potter's Remus vs. M. Tlerney's
Mary Ann: R. E. de 13. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa
\s. J. R. Smith's Master Davenport; J. Hol
den's Scottish' Chief vs. D. ; Dillon' &¦ Prince
George; V. Passon's Merry Maiden vs. J. Morl
arlty*s Snapper Garrison; Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara vs. J, Byrnes' Olympus: Connell Bros.'
Green Isle vs. J. Dean's BrHHantine; D. J.
Healey's Maggrie N. vs. Russell, Allen & Wil
non'B Victor Boy: A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty vs. J. J. Edmonds' Go On; P.
Horsran's Lucretia Borsia vs. A. T. Leon
ard's Master Lawrence; Bartels Bros.'. Beer
Brewer vs. J. Hurley's Hurricane; A. Venden
burg's Naushty Girl va. J. Dean's Sweet Lips;
A. T. Leonard's Mayflower vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez's Cannenclta: Russell, Allen & Wilson's
fcplteful vs.T. J. Mclluph's Maid of the Mill;
G. Sharman'B Walt a Bit vs. J. McNeil's
Blackhawk: J. Flower's Keystone vs. C. Levy's
Babe Sheridan; H. A. Deckelman's Snap Shot
vs. Lande & Gerber"s Mount Ida; E. M. Kel
logir's lowa Maid vs. M. J. Kelly's Ever Sure;
D. Shannon's Safeguard ; vs. H. •¦ A. 1 ; • Deckel
man's Flyaway; D. Dillon's Europa vs. ' J. Moo
ney's Silent Treasure; ,W. Hoag's Lady Nor
borne.vß. T. A. Gaffney'B False Flatterer; J.-
It. Smith's Victor vs. J. K. Smith's Lady.
change, but it is conceded Neill should
enter the ring a slight favorite owing to
the showing he has made here In his re
cent fights. He has always been a safe,
careful boxer, erring if at all in not tak
ing the chances which have been at times
offered him when he had men at his
mercy.
To offset this. Murphy comes with a big
Australian record. He has met men in
aud out of his class and has been uni
formly successful. In addition, he has
shown well in practice here, bearing out
all that has been said about him.
•RIVAL MIDDLE-WEIGHTS AS THEY APPEAR ON THE EVE OF THEIR MEETING.
The bettimr in the mutuels last night
showed Murphy to be the choice of the
men who usually bet only a dollar on
three of the four linbs Into which the
twenty rounds are divided. The table
shows the number of tickets sold on each
line:
Neill. Rounds. Murphy.
43 1 to 6 51
S3 7 to 12 84
47 13 to 17 52
£6 13 or over H
225 Total 211
NEILL'S CLEVER GUARD,
MURPHY ON THE AGGRESSIVE.
! TEETH FILLEDJ
S Absolutely Without Pain. 3
5 Our offices *re conveniently and e!a.b- f>
™ orately arranged wit* Private Operating J*
© Rooms for each patient, with alt modern 9
O appliances, and are the only dental par- O
Z lors in San Francisco that have the pat- f\
** ent appliance and Ingredients to extract. 2T
• fill and apply gold and porcelain crowns. J»
O undetectable from natural teeth, and 0
2 warranted for ten years, without th« O
2 least particle of pain. Gold crowna and -v
• teeth without plates, gold nillnes and J?
0 all other dental work done painlessly tP
0 and try specialists. O
Jx TEETH EXTKACTED and filled ab»o- «%
2 lutely without rain by our late scientific JT
• method. No sleep-producing ayenta or J»
ccca n^ OOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE A
2 WORK, of which we are making a SPE- fl
• CIALTT. the most BEAUTIFUL, y
O PAINLESS and DURABLE af all den- ©
A tal work known to the profession, you A
Z will flnd an example oi the HIGHEST X
• ARTISTIC ATTAINMENT, the adapta- W
© bility of which to the HYGIENIC con- O
O dltinns of the* mouth Is unquestioned. 0
©Any work that should not prove satis- q
A factory will be attended to. without JJ
© charge, at our nearest office. *#
O You may hay« your TEETH OUT IN O
£* THE MORNING and ko home- with g»
X NEW ONES THE SAME DAY.
•* NO CHARGE for painless extraction J*
0 when teeth are ordered. All work done Q
O by sraduate dentists of 12 to 20 yean.' 0
f*. experience; a specialist in each depart- q
X ment. We will tell you in advance ex- J:
© actly what your work will cost by a V
Q free examination. Give us a call and Q
C you will flnd we do exactly as we adver- «*
2 Cold Crowns. $5: Full S«t Teetb. g
q $5; BrldgeworK. $5: Cold F'H'ngs. **
A $1 up: Silver Fillings. 50c. a
i no PLATES S
S New York Dental Parlors, S
q 723 Market St.. San Fraccuoo. SJ
A MAIN OFFICE {%*,
T FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS. X '
5 PORTLAND. OR. 5
9 ©
BOXER NEILL WILL ENTER THE RING FAVORITE
OVER HIS OPPONENT. AUSTRALIAN TIM MURPHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
SEC3IETS SOLVED.
Men Hunting for the
Gold Mine of Health.
Great Discovery That 1« Erinfelnc Thl,
Boon to Many »ufierer*i. fctory of
One o* the Lucky Ones.
The greatest treasure of all— health.
All the sold In the world cannot pay for
th The 8 secret t ' of how to remain In good
health, and. with reasonable care, live t >
be a hundred, Is worth more than t.ie
richest gold mine that has been discov-
ered.
What is the secret?
Keep your bowels open:
Almost every known disease 13 caused
by an Irregularity of the bowels. Consti-
pation Is the first source or the attendant
symptom of nine-tenths of all Illness.
To cure constipation, to make the liver
lively, clean out the bowels, prevent sour
stomach, stop poisonous gases, purify the
blood, kill disease germs in the system Is
to keep the body and mind In good health.
That is what Cascarets Candy Cathartic
do for you. , _ '_
Go buy and try Cascarets to-day. It s
what they will do. not what we say they ii
do. that will convince you of their merit.
All druggists, 10c. 25c. or 50c. or matlefl
for price. Send for booklet and free sam-
ple. Address Sterling Remedy Co., Chi-
cago; Montreal, Can., or New YorK.
This l» the CASCARET tat>-
•* X jet. 'Every tablet of th» only
I v IT (i 1 genuine Cascarets bears th*
I Vijl^lb I magic letters "C C C." l^cck
k A at the tablet before you buy.
Vj 1/ and beware of frauds. Imita-
tions and substitutes.
The Watchdog for the Gold fields.
¦ lt bit6S When U barks ' lt wiU P rotsc t your claim
Jf Mj&^^^i, and supply you with food.
Alwa y s relJa^2, sold everywhere, Send name and
address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
J V Winchester Repeating Arras Co.,
I»M|||pB*-g^/y I NEW HAVEN. CONN. #Ufl
J^M^H^mA-/ t 418 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. J^M
f^JPfSBIIff' The s - S- Australia
l^^^iatim, » a . lla "T Honolulu
1 fc lr " lli ' Wednesday. May i,
m 5 IWO. at 2p. m.
Q-H<^m««Lli» The 8 - s - Alameda
HMcMSn 0«-' falls via Honolulu and
i^mnihn Auckla "<J tor Sydney
fOfflßflQW- Wednesday. May 11.
'" • ¦ . ' * at 8 p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Eamoa, New Zealand, Australia. India. Sue*,
England, etc.: 5810 first class.
£> »«-«LCtitLs<* «i-.00.C0..Mat5., il4MontgooMn
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL FreioW Cfflrs.327 M.v Vet St
- . SSHAPI3 .4000 Tom
Mor* hly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg r
via Mexican port*. Central. South A taerioa, etc :
8.8. CCTAVIA SAILS ABOUT -HAT 10.
J. D. BrKF.CKII.3S r.ROH.<O.. Ar-»u. lit Inlnmrrßt.
PW 1>» 7-' rrlttit Ofll». K7 M.rtrt Sultan rnarix*
IOkPASU!-: tiNEKALL THAKf ATLiMTIQ.CS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^_
Sailing every Thursday Instead of -'WfrFTs
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at ' " ••* t
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st., LA BXETAGNE. May 3- LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10: LA GASCOGNE.' May
17; L-AQUITAINE. May 24. First-class to
Havre, $t>o and upward ; 5 per cent reduction on
round trlD. Second class to Havre, H3; 5 per
cent reduction -on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coa»t
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
4
Glub Physician Examines and Pronounces
Both Men Physically Fit for To-Night's
Championship Contest at the Pavilion.More Japanese Arrive.
POKfTLAND. Or., April 2S.— The steam- I
ship Buemer from Hongkong and Yoko- I
hama v\a Victoria arrived to-day, bring- I
Ing 133 J^anese for this port. j
Under-
|^s\ skirts
A I \\ Double ruffled and*
yi deep flounced "Near
' \ 1 V-y S'-k"" Fancy Under-
. j i \\ sk:rt?, bright cal-
tyf i\ I \\ ori, ji>t the skirt
/ f/\j \ \ for warm weather,
>^,VAi I \y^jQ on special ?a!e Fri~
da y 0nfy....500
Grsstest Offer of
Dicti&nsz'fes Eva 7*
WiatSa in This City.
Only about 60.) !ef: of our lar^e purchase
of D ctkmar es. rchich we are selling now at
about half COStm
Thft' erf the gtnitou Si'jnJjrJ Dictionary,
fubhshei by Funk &¦ fVagnilis; t:und in
best full sbesp. 'si:b TDennison's pa.eni thumb
tnd.x; 2joo pjgts, 50^0 illustrations and
colored plates, ;ot,S6i zocibulary terms,
the host dictionary of the
Entjish language publivhod,
it- accip'.ed authority in all ttu Uiding col-
Uges
Publ shers' price $12.75; our usual cut price
SI 1.70; our extraordinary 4% p. yw g%
price for this lot; " C?S?»^PW
Main Aisle— Rotuada: also in Bock Dep't.
Junk Men Incorporate.
Articles of Incorporation of the "Junk
men's Protective Union No. 1 of San
Francisco" were filed yesterday. The di
rectors are Phillip I. Friedman, L. Edel
steln and Joseph Attell.
"The Queen of the HuntP"
Next Sunday's Call will tell
you who she is and you can
judge for yourself whether or
not she has earned that title.
ErecUl Dtagaieb to The Call.
OPJDVTLLE, April 26.— The cession of
the Grarfd Parlor is over. Th
hopes end fears cf the candidates
have been laid to rest and the dele
pates are preparing to go home
tfter having eper.t as pleasant a session
as the heart d ar.y delegate could desire.
They have been feted with true California
hospitality and every haif-fonned wish
for amusement. Instruction and adventure
has been gTatined. One end all they have
l.ai an Ideal time.
The cor.tested elections have been
fought and from the wreckage rise Cos
tcHo and McNoble. It was a hard fight
that landed McNoble as grai:d orator, bui
;t was a harder one that brought the
grand marshal's baton to Costello, and
after ail the fight for grand marshal end
ed cp in a spirit worthy of the paiiny
days of chivalry. Costello was elected.
Eioxtoa moved to make the election unan
imous, and while the shout of acclamation
was still ringing Costello rose and ap
pointed Boxton his chief of staff. So the
tight for who should run the great Admis
sion day celebration next fceptcmber in
tan Francisco was decided.
P&st Grand President J. D. Sproul start
t-<i matters by nczmz.niizig Coaielio. Frank
i_>. iiyaa of Sacramento No. 3 nominated
C. H. SLatyac, and Ernest Seiner of Hum
boldt No. 14 nominated Boxton. It took
three ballots to tiect. On the firet 227
.. lea were c^ti— l>J to Ccsteiio, 44 to Sta:i
jaa and ±i to Boxton. It was feared that
wi: t.:.e second bailot Stanyan would with
draw a;,d throw his .strength to Boxton,
but he uid not. and lie i-T votes stood
cctteiio iiu. iiuxtun i»j, dtanyan 27. The
;i:;ro Idiot was laken aad with 2i< votes,
Ui necessary to eiect, tat vote stucd Cos
leilo H"v. lioxton 11j. s-tttnyaa had drawn
oat.
Battle for Grand Orator.
The battle lor the coveted ofSce of grand
orator cai.ed out a close vote, much elo
quence ana gTeat enthusiasm. George K.
< axta cf Stockton No. 7 nominated H. X,
McNobie. Past Grand President J. D.
bproal ot Chico No. zi nominated Fletcher
A. Cutler and William J. Variel of Ra
rnona No. luS nominated Edwin A. Me
,tr\e. There were ZA votts cast on the
first ballot, making 11% necessary to a
ccoice. The result was: McNoble 113.
Cutler 93 ar.d Meserve 2). Amid great tx
i .•.'-zr.er.t another ballot was ordered. This
time 227 votes were cast, making 114 neces
titry to eiect. and McNoble went in on ll'l.
Cutler receiving fc6 and Meserve -J.
The right bt-twetn Kohn and Henry
Martin was a one-sided a2air. Martin
was nominated by Frar.k L. Coombs and
Kohn by Pistoiesi. There were 215 votes
cast. Martin getting lt"7 and Kohn 4S. On
ruction cf Kohr., ilarua's election was
made unanimous.
The other oSce* were without opposi
tion. Frank Mattifon dropped peacefully
to a. seat among the past presidents in
tr.e natural order of things. R. C Rust.
the f.ret vice president, was nominated for
fe-rand president by John F. Davis of Ex
celeior No. 21, John T. York of Napa.No.
62 coininated Frank L. Coombs, the sec
ond vice president, for first vice presi
dent; C. E. McLaughlin of Quincy No. 131
ricniir.ated Lewis F. Byington. grand ora
tor, for seccnd •vice. Ernest St-vier of
Hunaboldt No. 14 nominated Henry Lun-
for grrand secretary, his old position.
J. H. Marcus stepped Quietly up one peg
from gracd outside to rrand Inside sen
tinel.
Vallejoans Over-Confldent-
The sel<*ction of the r.ext meeting: place
v.a.s a. surprise to every one and to none
more than the contestants themselves. It
was conceded from the time Vallejos
r.ffer arrived that VaJlejo would fret it
without question, and fearing that by
the prize so easily their citizens
would lack in enthusiasm the Vallejo dele
gates rather fostered the languid claims
Ot Far.ta Barbara and were pleased that
s^ome optK>sitlon was showing: itself. The
column and after when they scattered. It
was a bis parade for everything parail
able in Oroville and the surrounding
towns and the county had been pressF-.i
into line. The flnats were particularly
good, the prettiest being the Women of
Woodcraft, a floral circle bearing the
wnrda "Citrus Circle." and borne on four
bicycles ridden by four young ladles in
dainty white costumes. The most inter
esting- was the Chinese float, on which
rode four of the prettiest Chinese maidens
from the county's Chinatoyns besides
a number of Chinese figures of miscel
laneous meaning. It was driven by a
Chinaman arrayed in a gorgeous red
shirt and we-arir.g the fulldress helmet of
a United States infantryman. The Chi
nese hose company also oaused much in
terest. Every rrian on the rope was
dressed in nfff bliie overalls, biack blouse
and highbinders' hat. arvi all queues were
done in Psyche kr.ot,<.
Palermo was a goo'l third of the parade.
She had floats representing the Industries
of the county and any number of her own
pretty pirls "to make thorn attractive, and
the tloat from the Odd Fellows' Home
t>rci:jrhi hats from hfuds ar.'i cheers from
throats, for on a seat of honor, raised
above his comrades, sat "Old Man"
Quayle bowing nr.d smiling and waving
his hat', with ail his years, just as If he
wrro as far fron: the reaper's sickle as
when in '45 he helpf-d raise the Stars and
Stripes over Monterey's old courthouse.
He is the last survivor of the men on the
halyards.
The baseball tournament ended by a
pame from Honcut to Chico by a score
<^f 24 to 8 and then Gridley beat Chico
by 22 to 2.. This pives first prize, $30. to
Gridley, second of JW to Chico, and third
cf $30 to Honcut.
The Banquet.
This evening the banquet wound up the
session. Jo D. Sproul was toast
master. The toasts and responses were
as follows: "Our Order," by Grand Pres
ident R. C. Rust: "Our Absent Brothers."
by Grand Trustee M. T. Dooling; "Sweet
hearts and Wives." by John F. Davis:
"The Flag," by ,C. E. McLaughMn; "The
Gem of the Foothills." by E. Myron Wolfe:
"California — One and Undivided." by Ed
win A. Meserve. who is of Los Anpeles.
"The Pioneers." by Frank L. Coombs;
"The Goo-Goes." by John T. Greany;
"Our Roll of Honor," by Fletcher A. Cut
ler: "A Good Loser." by Ernest Sevier;
"Welcome and Farewell." by A. F. Jones.-
Major Jones called the gnests to the
table and introduced the toastmaster.
There were seats for ZOO and. none were
empty. The ladies of Oroville decorated
the tables, set the places and waited upon
the guests, and all the cake at the ban
quet and many of the fancy dishes were
made by the ladies themselves. The ladies
who assisted were: Mrs. G. W. Braden
Mrs. J. C. Osgoort. Mrs. E. C. Whiting.
Mrs. E. J. Mitchell. Mrs Fred Schneider,
Mr?. A. M. Smith, Mrs William Ward.
Mrs. Frank Atkins. Mrs. C. L. Bills. Mrs.
Bokman. Miss Mary Bokman. Miss Min
nie Kusel. Mrs. J. W. Ashley, Miss Leonie
Grace. Miss Lorena Grace. Miss Carrie
Sexton. Mrs. H. D. Verney, Mrs. Carl
Gray. Mrs. F. C. Danforth. Mrs. Fred
Faul Mrs. B. F. Reppert, Mrs. W. H.
Toland. Miss Gertie McSmlth, Mtss Anna
Patton, Miss May Harvey. Mrs. John Rip
pey. Miss Viola Evans. Mrs. Carter, Mis?
Mary Ve-atch. Mrs. John Bullard, Mrs.
Eva Patton, Miss Lizzie Kelly.
MAYOR PHELAN THANKS
THE NATIVE SONS
The following telegram was sent yes
terday by Mayor Phelan to Grand Presi
dent Mattison of the Native Sons:
The city of San Francisco thanks the Grand
Parlor ot the Native Sons for the compliment
cf having selected the metropolis for the eemi
cent»nnial celebration of the admission of Cal
ifornia into the Union o£ States. This great
historic event should and shall be celebrated
worthily. Our citizens will patriotically re
spond not only because September 9 next
marks the round fifty years of statehood, but
because the importance of our membership In
the Vnfon has been forcibly made manifest by
the army and navy in the recent war. Greet
as California is in natural resource* she would
only be on that account a prey for other na
tions were not Uncle Sam standing by her side
Let us celebrate, therefore, the golden wod
rtlng of California and Uncle Sam with every
manifestation of our loyalty to nation and our
pride of State.
GRAND PARLOR'S
NEW OFFICERS
? Past president— Frar.k Mattison, +'
¦?• Sar.ta Cruz Parlor No. «. ?
¦?• Grand president— R. C. Rust, Ex'- -f
¦?• celsior Parlor No. 317. ?
¦?¦ Grand tirst vice president— Frank ?
? L. Coombs. Napa Parlor No. 62. ?
? Grand second vice president — ?
? Lewis Byir.gton, Niar.tic Parlor No. ?
•?- 1(S. +
? Grand orator— Hugh K. McNoble. ?
-?- Stockton Parlor No. 7. ?
¦?- Grand secretary — Henry Lunstedt, -?•
-?¦ California Parlor No. 1. ?
-?- Grand treasurer— Henry S. Mar- ¦?¦
¦?¦ tin. Stanford Parlor No. 76. " ?
+ Grand marshal— Stephen V. Cos- ?
•?¦ teilo. Pacific Parlor No. 10. ?
•?¦ Grand inside sentinel— J. H. Mar- ?
¦?• cuse. Marysville Parior No. 6. ¦*¦
•*¦ Grand outside sentinel — Joseph ¦?¦
? Goldman. Yosemite Parlor No. 24. ?
4- Grand trustees— Charles E. Me- +
+ Laughlin," Quincy; Parlor No. 131; ?
•?¦ J. R. Knowlar.d, Halcyon Parlor -f
¦?¦ No. I<s: James Gallagher. Alcatraz *¦
-?- Parlor No. 145; M. T. Doolir.g. Fre- ?
? Mont Parior No. 44; Percy V. Long. ?
¦?¦ Golden Gate Parlor No. 25; William -?•
•?- T. Shea, California Parlor No. 1; ->
+ George G. Radcliff, Watsonville ?
•?¦ Parlor Xo. 65. ?
? ?
question of the next location of the Grand
Parlor was taken up while the first ballot
on the grand orator's light was being
crjunt<?d. It was known then that Meserve
had made but a poor showing and a feel
ing that the south should get some con
sideration In some other direction made
many turn favorably to Santa Barbara.
Anyway, when the vote came it was too
close to be decided by the ayes and noes,
so a rising vote was ordered ami Santa
Barbara carried off the plum. The vote
stood 11s fur Santa Barbara and ICO for
Valleio.
G. O. Halll-iay and J. F. Deininser of
Vallejo Parlor No. 77 were the supporters
<"'f the navy-yard town. Halliday made
the motion and both spoke strongly for It.
Then Ramish of Los Angeles Parlor Xo.
«5 moved to amend by substituting Santa
Barbara in place of Vallejo. Sevier of
Humbnldt No. 14 and Pistoles! of Sequoia
No. !•» backed Ramish's amendment and
Coombs of Napa No. t2 and Dinkelspiel
of Bay City No. 104 spoke for Vallejo.
It was a case of Vallejo being too con
fident.
On motion of Frank D. Ryan it tvas de
cided that when the Grand Parlor ad
journed it should do so out of respect to
the memory of Past Grand President
Her.rv Clay Chipman, who died some
months ago. A committee consisting of
Frank D. Ryan. A. F. Jones. William H.
Devlin, James P. Dockery and E. A.
Forbes was aonointed to draft resolutions
of reFpect.
Th*» resolution recommending the pres
ervation of the Monterey Custom-house as
a mu?eum of California's history was
adopted.
.The following was submitted by the San
Francisco delegation:
To the Delegates cf the Grand Parlor^-The
fan FVar.ciyco delegation In the Grand Parlor
convened exter.d* pre^tlr.ps to th<Mr brethren
and on behalf of the San Kranci.*co Native Sons
cordially invite the members of the order
throughout the State to attend the celebration
cf the fiftieth anniversary of the admission of
California Into the t'nion. assuring them all
that the occwlnn will be caie a memorable
one in every -way.
Medals Distributed.
The report of John T. Greany, chairman
of the volunteer medal committee, was
submitted. He reported that over 600)
medals had been distributed and that the
distribution was still going on. those sent
to Manila beintr cared for by Steuart S.
Harvey, an ex-soldier. The receipts of
the committee were J3364 M and the dis
bursements JSO 43. leavinc a balance on
hand April 1, 1900, of $CS3S ST. It was
recommended that this balance and tho
meda'.p on hand be taken in charge by
the Grand Parlor, that future distribution
be made through the office of the grand
secretary and that the committee be dis
charged. The report was adopted.
Then the Grand Parlor installed its new
grand officers and adjourned.
Street Parade.
For the greater part of the afternoon
the streets of Oroville were filled yith
¦fragments of the parade, before the
march while seeking their places In the
Cloth Bound Novels, P QrB3§P 111 Wonderful Cockatoos—
167 Titles, Publishers' ||| §jPf|p| g^ |Tla » w^o^ || E] S Free performance daily
Price 75c; on Sale f|| iipl^^ And 1 & to 12 a. m,, 2to 5
Saturday 35c, or ™ ©o9<d^lTft f&aiße ®a^aa.l*. P ' m ' Concert Saiur-
3 for $1.00. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST *STORE day 7:30 p. m.
10)000 Clear Havana Cigars (worth 12 1-20 each), Saturday only, 5c straight.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
J Cameras and photographic supplies, also
I printing, developing: and mounting at San-
I born & Vall's, 741 Market street. •
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce granted in the
Superior Court yesterday to Olivia Meyers
from Otto Meyers for desertion, Soledad
Echeverria from Romualdo Echeverrla
for failure to provide and John Dletz from
Grace F. Dietz for desertion. Suits for
divorce ha\ - e been filed by Mrs. E. G. Lee
against R. Lee for failure to provide. Kate
Schetzel against August Schetzel for de
sertion. James Allen against Elizabeth
Allen for cruelty and Pauline Goldman
against M. B. Goldman for cruelty.
be very pressing at Bloemfontein. A des
perate attempt was made by a large Brit
ish force in two columns to recapture the
water works. Their right f.ank was
beaten back, however, a party of fifty
was cut off and twelve men were killed.
The Johannesburg commando has cap
tured a British scout. Some American
scouts have been shot.
German Sword for Krager.
BERLIN. April 2s.— German veterans of
ISG4-66 and ISTO of the Solingen district,
famous for its military cutlery, will wiih-
In a few days send a sword of honor to
President Kruger. A detailed description
of the weapon appears In the Tageblatt
this evening.
news from Baden-Powell up to April 10?
McLaren much better. All the wounded
doing well. The Boers captured several
native women who were trying to escape
from Mafeking, but these were turned
back."
m
DEFEAT OF BRITISH
COLUMN AT BOSHOF
BRANDFORT, Orange Free State, Mon
day, April 23.— A . British column in the
direction of Bultfontein and Hoopstad
has been- beaten back through Boshof.
The federals sustained two casualties and
the British had twelve men killed and a
number wounded.
Yesterday General Kelly-Kenny's artil
lery at Dewetsdorp Indulged in a mild
bombardment of General De "Wet's posi
tion, the firing lasting through the morn
ing. The scarcity of water la supposed to
Impure Food Condemned.
The food inspectors of the Health De
partment have condemned twenty-seven
sacks of beans, three sacks of prunes, two
sacks of coffee, six cases of honey and a
quantity of baking powder taken yester
day from the store of A. Stein. 404% Sixth
street. The food was pronounced" unfit
for human consumption. About a year
ago Stein's entire stock was confiscated
for the same reason.
Belgian Hare
For lunch and dinner, specially prepared
genuine Belgian Hare, at Zlnkand's •
Railroad Men in Conference.
S. H. Babcock, traffic manager of the
Rio Grande Western Railway, took a
hand yesterday in the conference between
General Manager Kruttsehnitt and Su
perintendent Fillmore of the Southern Pa
ciiic. General Manager Dickinson of the
Union Pacific and General Manager Gar-
Jlner of the Chicago and Northwestern
The rnstter under discussion is the rear
rangement (t the overland passenger and
freight schedules.
P. J. O'CONNELL, A
PIONEER, PASSES AWAY
P. J. O'Connell, brother of the late
Bishop O'Connell of Grass Valley, died at
his residence, 2034 Steiner street, yester
day.
Mr. O'Connell came to California In the
early days and engaged in mercantile
pursuits for many years, retiring from
business some years ago. He has been
living in San Francisco since the death of
his wife about a year ago. after having
ber-n a resident of Oakland almost from
the time of his arfival in this State. He.
was a highly cultured man and was very
prominent In Catholic circles In Oakland.
His death will be a severe shock to a very
large circle of friends.
Mr. O'Connell was a. great lover of the
arts, particularly music, and in early
days entertained many of the greatest
artists that came to this coast.
children survive him, all -of whom are
splendid musicians, and are favorably
known.
objective of any of Lord Roberts' forces.
James Lowther (Conservative) was
heartily cheered when he gave notice
that he would call attention on May 22
to Lord Roberts' recent Spion Kop dis
patche? and move the production of fur
ther papers on the subject.
BOER ACCOUNT OF THE
REDDERSBURG VICTORY
LOURENZO MARQUES. "Wednesday,
April 25.—A correspondent of the Standard
and Diggers News with the Boer com
mander. General Dc-wet, gives a full de
scription of the British disaster at Red
dersburg. He says:
"Five hundred Irish Rifles entered
Dewetsdorp on April 1, under Captain
McWhinnie, and demanded the surrender
cf the town, which was readily given.
Captain McWhinnie was surprised to hear
that a Boer force was approaching and
he promptly retreated on Reddersburg.
"General Dewet. fresh from his bril
liant victory at Sannas Post, followed the
retreat along a range of kopjes for hours.
The two opposing forces were In camp on
different sides of the range. General
Dewet knew all about the British posi
tions and movements, but the Irish were
quite unaware of the proximity of the
Boers. They blundered again, as at
Sannas Post, and the scouts were not
alert.
"Before sunset on Tuesday Dewet had
the British force in his power, after an
engagement which lasted all the after
noon. The Irish made a 'most brilliant
defense, but their fate was never in
doubt. During the afternoon Dewet sent
800 burghers to cut off their retreat and
he then moved forward a small force of
Boers to the top-of the kopjes held by
the British. The latter boldly attacked
the Boers and then Dewet's plan was
suddenly developed.
"The British soon found themselves sur
rounded. They had. Indeed, fallen into a
beautiful trap, for they were commanded
at every point by the Boer guns, while
their force was surrounded on two kopjes
with the Boers in between.
"At sunrise on Wednesday the Boer
guns commenced to hurl shell upon the
devoted Irishmen, who. however, refused
to surrender, but fought with the utmost
fierceness for three hours. At 10 o'clock
the British commander saw that further
resistance would only Involve a useless
waste of life, as his military position was
quite hopeless, and he therefore, hoisted
a white flag. Twelve officers sorrowfully
handed over their swords to General De
wet and 459 non-commissioned officers and
men surrendered."
News from Mafeking
LONDON*. April 26.—The War Office has
received the following message from Lord
Roberts:
"ELOEMFONTEIN, April 2S.— Good
YELLOW JOURNAL
SCARES TAHITIANS
Ships From San Francisco Barred
From Papeete Because of
Plague Reports.
sfv? DDITIOXAL evidence of the disastrous effect on the commerce of Saa
II \\ Francisco of the Examiners plague scare is at hand. The alarming re-
Jj ppotsf ts of the alleged existence of the dread disease In this city, sent broad
cast by the yellow sheet, penetrated to the furthermost corners of the
world, and In consequence thereof goods shipped from San Francisco are being
refused entry at foreign ports where the actual facts are as yet unknown. The
latest developments are of a serious character and the shippers of this' city, who
are the principal sufferers by the unwarranted and sensational publication, are
considerably wrought up over the matter.
The barkentine Tropic Bird and the brig Galilee are now on their way home
from Papeete, and from advices just received their owners fully expect they are
coming back with the cargoes they sailed from here with nearly three months
ago. The merchandise Is valued at JTS.OCO. and the loss will come altogether on
San Francisco parties. Furthermore, It will be Impossible to straighten the tan
gle out before next July, and in the meantime all the trade from Tahiti will pass
San Francisco by.
When the Board of Health, assisted by the Examiner, b^gran Its raid upon
the city treasury the Tropic Bird and Galilee were on their way to Tahiti, while
the City of Papeete was at anchor in the harbor of the Tahltian capital. The
yellow journal's startling story of the plague that never existed was telegraphed
all over the world, and two weeks later, when the steamer Ovaiau arrived at
Papeete from Auckland, X. Z., she brought the news of the alleged scourge.
The French commandant at once Issued orders that no vessels from San
Francisco should be allowed to enter the port of Papeete. The agents of the ves
sels sent cables back to Auckland by the Ovaiau and In due time they reached
San- Francisco. These warned the owners not to send the vessels back to Ta
hiti until letters explaining the situation arrived. In the meantime the City of
Papeete is due and the Galilee and Tropic Bird may be expected any time during
May.
"The plague scare was an outrage perpetrated upon San Francisco shipping
that we will not get over for months to come." said Raoul Jaudin of Pinet &
Co. yesterday. "As soon as the news reached Tahiti the commandant refused to
permit any" vessel to enter the port of Papeete. Our agent cabled us via Auckland
not to send out any more vessels until we heard from him by letter. All the
vessels that left here took a clean bill of health from the Custom-house and
the French Consul, but they seem to have been of no avail. By the Moana we
sent out official denials from Mayor Phelan, and the health authorities, but it
will be the latter part of May before they reach Tahiti, and in the meantime our
trade connections will be scattered. The people down there will have to get their
goods elsewhere and San Francisco will have to fight to get the trade back
again."
CHIEF CIVIL SERVICE
EXAMINER IS HERE
To Consult Mint Director on Plan for
Examinations in That Brascli
of Service.
A. R. Serven. chief examiner of th«
Federal Civil Service Commission, ar
rived yesterday from the north and Is at
the Palace. He left Washington. D. C.
nearly three weeks ago on a tour of the
principal mints and assay offlces in th»
United States, to consult with the direc
tors concerning a plan for. examinations
for employes. Slr.Cf h<? left Washington.
Mr. Serven has visited Philadelphia. He
lena and Seattle, and after leaving hers
will visit Denver on his way eastward.
"The commission only took up the class
ification of mint* and assay offices last
July." said Mr. S»rven last night, "and
there is yet much :o be done. Here there
have been but a few special examinations
thus tsiT, as occasion demanded. Under
the full c'.asstrication of mint employes
there are some forty different kinds of
examinations, and t>«?fore we can arracga
them we must consult with the directors
of the several instituticr.a and ge: down
to a general basa."
Mr. Serven said that since his arrival
here he has received instructions from
Washington to look into the newspaper
stories concerning the alleged unfairness
In the recent examination for cashier of
th*» sub-treasury. To-day, he sail!, he had
received an affidavit from a responslbla
man. in which the affidavit avers thac
he saw the first package of examination
papers opened in the presence of the can
didates and that the lr.ner ?*>al had noc
been broken. He is assured that the sec
ond examination was entirely proper.
Mr. Serven called on Mayor Phelan yes
terday in company with Chief Examiner
Moran of the San Francisco commission.
THABA IIO IN
' BRITISH HANDS
Continued from First Pape.
Graniteware Sale,
This is the last day of our extraordinary special
offering of Granite Ename'.ed V»"are. Manufac-
turers' prices are a third higher now than when
we bought these goods. We cannot duplicate
these bargains when present lots are gore.
45c V.'ir.d«or Faueepar.s JITJc Z*c 4-<jt Cov*r*'l Saucepi33..r?le
31e Handled Saucepans 1»»«" 4iXr l'-^-it Teapots '2 2.**
Xc Handled Saucepans "'-v ZZc S-qt Dishpans -->•
• 4»V Har.iiled Saucepans —Te Ksc l'"*-cjt Dishpans SSe
35c i-.-jt Pre<«*>rvins Kettle?..--'- Cc 'j-qz Teak^ttl'fs 4»ie
4Zc 6-qt Pre«erAi"g Kettles..- "»»• 11.0' T-qt Teakettles 51e
Vc :-qt CcrTe^ Pots 25c ISo 2-4)1 MilJc I'ar.a *c
13c Z -nt Podding Pans He. IOH-inch Wash Kaslns He
x BioycSe Pumps
I 29c.
JThe-e quick-actin? Bicyc'.e Foot Pamp3 are
r.ever sold les3 than 50e each, rr-g^ar v.
They have a brass barrel (nickel p'ated» ljx
12 inches with steel foot rest and mole hm-
dle. 0a special sale to-day, Fri-
day, only each £i%J%*
Sporting Goois r>partrr.eat— Sez-ir.i Floor.
Back Combs 15c
Not a very large lot (oalj 3X)) but a s^SS
very pretty lot of Empire She.l Eack I^ST
Combs go on ?pec:3l sab this norn- 6^@|}|j!sga^\ "^^
ir.g on one of the bargain tables in \&' u^*zs~^~f*}jjy"l
tha main a's'e. Taere are several ¦/»///( iV* t'lfajy'
n?w sty!e3, fancy and plain tors; reg- J/// null Htlf^
nlar va.ue3 2 % c to 35e each; sale price. m| J UJj/
Friday only 15c
I2^o Percales 3c.
We carry only the best grades of Percale?,
and there are no old sty'.e3 among then;
every one thi3 year' 3 production; for
Friday only we offer 2000 yardj of
theae choice ani serviceable wash ma-
terials in light, medium and riark color-
ings, 36 inches wide, oar 12Jc value
per yard Qc
Bargain Table— Rotunda.
Dress Goods
Remnants.
One-Quarter Off To-Day Only.
Hundred? of Remnants of this season.? black and GOf-
orcd dress fabrics have again accumulated. Lemths vary
from 1* :o 6 yards, suitable for waists skirts ani children's
dresses. These are the accumslations cf ths n.i3C few week*
a-d represent only the newest and most stylish fabrics. To-
day. Friday, oaiy, your choice at ona> quarter off
already reduced remnant prices.
Bargain Table— Main Aisle.
WMm Shirts &3g.
'T :nirflj!*'M tte have k'^S' 11 tke sample iine
li jjjji j|i Bj ;];! for Spring and Summ-r of the
JJjLJj'ji °" i ill Oclnhnated Monarch
frhl?t7T*\\ \ ''M /X Golf Shirts, and wii! place
rJll/'ri r!\ 'Irl! tbe ent ' re lot on sa!e f° r Fi*i-
irJlili/i/^ c i if'i ! tfa^ an .** Saturday only.
cdPlfflyMl 1 ! They are in the. correct stripe?
i lltfTjiT" i'! i ' I aa '^ C3^oring3 for tha present
i A j .j; IJrjj i i j; !|i season. A little better mad?,
; ; j i; ! | jjj :|| jj> /// perhaps, than tha regu'ar Una
|I;| ; jl >|i Jl / (samples ar^ apt to be ; the
1f v I II if' 1 cheapest one worth a dollar;
jijii irM'iiliflilv so ra^ of them worth ?2 n3. We
have divijed them into three
large lots and the price*? for two days enly wii! bo
630 89 c 52.G3
$xi 9 ®@QB*ies—LiqiH®ps.
Quotations given below are good until closing time
Saturday.
Best Dry Granulated Sugar 2O lbs $I*OO
Babhit-V best Soap 7 bars 25c
Fine Wa'nutG, new crop, lb VJq
Best seeded Raisins, lb packages lOg
Best clean Currants, lb packages IQo
King3f ord's C/oss Starch, b packages. Sc
Choice. =e'ect Oysters, 2-lbtins ISg
Best Eistern Gorttmcal, white or yellow, 10-!b sa^ks—
i his week IQc
Clarot Sale — Another of our popular Caret sale*— our
regular 4?c per gailon quality, until 10:30 p. m. Saturdiy.
for 27c
5- gallon lets o' this Claret 2sc.
Wilson Pure 'Rye Whisky, 8 years old, none better at
any price, regularly here ;I.2s— specisl for two days. 99a
Gi'ngßr Ale, Cameli & Cockranes Belfast, r;gu!ary :1.6)
per <iozen — for two days, special price $I*4-5
Main Floor— Rear.
f Special Sale
of Trimmed
Millinery.
Onr deep-cut prices on Trimmed Mil-
linery for last Wednesday one day
on'y v attracted so much attention and
so many customers were disappointed,
bec33 j e ths tine was so limited, th 3*
we have decided to rapea: then agaia
for Friday only*
All 512.5J and $13.50 Trimmed Hata...
53.00
All $15.00 and $16.50 Trimswd Hats .
$10*50
All SIB.CO and $20.00 Triarned HaU $13.50
All $25.00 Trimmed Hats 318.00
Second Floor — Front,
A Cut in Clothing.
Some splendid bar-
T^f gains for Friday
/9 . JS&. and Saturday
wWrffh only. Stricfly up-to-
r—sfl nif \ ate spring clothing
/ \W4]'/-Xa/ / Boys 9 Top Coats at
Vrjrfs\tr\ \J one- fifth off regular
ffll ft ( \ il 1 w nr ' ceSm Thij offer 13 iOT two
\ *\J±i^Ji JN \ T days only, and includes any Top
),',] A Hi' Coat in our Children's Clothing
ill A ty e P artment - All new spring goods,
'Hi] M /} Oxford vicunas, whipcords and
til / 1 • coverts, for boys 3to 15 years of
f I I a?e, nade in the newest style box
1/ I I back, satin sleeve liaings ani finely
II I 1 finished.
-JLJ\] Ore-fifth off on
-<&" -jgp* Men's $20.00 Suits
For two days only your nnresemd choice of any $20.00 suit in
. our stock— Sacks, Cutaway Frocks, Prince Albert3— all the
new spring goods, including Striped Worsteds ani Cassi-
ireres and black or blue Worsteds. Linings and trimming?
of the very best and a perfect fit guaranteed.. Sixteen
Dollars instead of twenty on Friday and Saturday.
Main Floor— Near Entrance.
75c Ribbons 24c yd.
Special Sale of MIU ££ /?k
iinery and Neck
Ribbons, Friday ffi^fj/
Only. t C^t/V
We cleanup a jobber's stock of W^^Xav '
? ," 111,- - / /IT / \y/\: VV >
wi.-le, fancy and black S3tin •- dilif// V .!
ribbons at about a third of ) r^^ \. !n
their actual worth: 4700 yards (?*i*^^-^ f^ >''>
in all, and they go on sale to- V»]©j iX" ! \ '
day at the cnifora price. (OiBHV ,\
twenty-four cents A \ /
per yards The purchase (Ty ' \ > Yffo
incindes: r^S-— X^*— - /^^* s *
2000 yards 5-inca Liberty Taf- <&^ -x^~-
feta Silk Ribbon — a roperb quality — more than thirty styl-
ish coloring, including pa3:e! aai staple shades, regular
value 75c yard, to-day , 240
1500 yards 4i-inch Imported Persian Ribbooa. heavy qavity.
exquisite colorings — regular value 50c yard, to-dz?...240
1200 yaH3, 4-inch, all silk, best quality, doub'.e faced. Black
Satin Ribbon 3 lor pclley belta or neckwear, regrdar vatae 75c
yard, to-day -........._.......*........«.. — 240
B&rg&ia Tatles— Mala Aisle.
NEXT GRAND PARLOR WILL
MEET AT SANTA BARBARA
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Gloves 69c,
A Clean-Up Sale on
Friday Only.
Another of our /a
famous ejlove Jyjl
. sales to-day — ilpi!!
just 635 pairs
.in this Jot — ? jF
broken line 3
and sizes of la- /7&J(Jr(\
dies' mocha kid «sjs/ ( jEY I J
and chamois %§QLJyL/ M
gloves; black,
white and col- iifvL-^N
ors. If you can V^
find your size
and color in the collection you
will get the biggest kind of
a glove bargain at to-
day's special price, per £?tf>^
pair ©*W
Remember, there are only 635
pairs of these glvues, and come
early.
Main Aisle— Near Entrance.
DR. MEYERS SCO'S FAIR OFFER:
PATIENTS MAY DEPOSIT THE 3
price cf a cure la any San Francisco
ban*, to be paid only after t!^r are {
*el!. or may pay in m^r.tfcfy install-
ments. Prices reasonable. No other
doctora will make such aa oCer.
They Cure the Following A fment3 :
Private Diseases Lost Manhcod
Varieoceie Nervous DeMlity
Hydrocel* Lees cf Memory
Bladder Diseases Waiting Drains
Ktdney Diseases Sleeplessness
Snine Diseases T*.J-whl Poison
Rupture Despondency
" Advica and Consultation Frae.
Medicines Frcs to Patients.
SPECIALISTS— EitaSlaied ajtrij 20 run.
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
Take Llevator tn Third Floor.
f Daily. S ti> S.
HOURS: \ Evenings. T v i.
[ Sundays. 3 tj 11
Quaker Bath Cabinets
AT THE OWL
COMFO/?T
TRUSSES
Are t£e kjr.d w<? Jit— no fit, no pay.
fSifk Elastic Hose.
M** 52 00
Knee Caps $2 00
Logins $200
Xea as* Wia*a AtUsdtats.
£E*D FCS CATALCGUE. .
THE QWL DRUG CO.
Cut-Rate Druggists.
f/2a MARKET ST.,
~-~-~— — . SAN FRANCISCO.
5
Election of Officers the
Chief Feature of the
Day' s Proceedings at
Oroville.
Stephen Costello Wins
the Honor of Grand
Marshal After a
Hard Fight.While the boasted reforms of the Police Depart
ment go merrily on the reformers would do well to
inspect the results of their labors on Market street.
The notorious dens on that thoroughfare are being
conducted, in the same outrageous manner as they
were before licenses. were taken away and the air was
noisy with" "reform." ¦
The old farce comedy incident of hiding coal in .1
combination safe is being more than paralleled at
Cape Nome. The miners, whose gold cannot keep
them warm, are killing men who. steal fuel.
Orpheum Circuit Incorporated.
Jesse Meyerfeld. R. de Clalrmont. Syl-
vain Sander. George Kayser and J. R.
Howell have Incorporated the Orpheum
Circuit Company with a capital stock of
$750 000 of which £VJ has been subscribed.
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures
and everybody can have them nicely
framed If thi\v will let us do the framing.
New molding* cominsr In all the time.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
There has been a great deal of idle talk about the
matter, based upon the supposition that the Govern
ment has power to confiscate private property. No
such power exists, nor can the Government even
condemn private property for public use, except upon
proof of a public necessity therefor. Of course such
proof in the case of the Calaveras grove is impossible,
because its reservation is a sentiment and not a ne
cessity. It has been in private ownership for fifty
years, during which time its owner has repeatedly
sought to get it purchased for public use. But
neither the State of California nor individuals saw any
public necessity in acquiring it for the public, and
financial necessity drove him actually to a forced sale
of the property. His long ownership was no public
offense nor was his transfer of that ownership or its
acquisition by another for profit.
Sentiment asks, very properly, that this first dis
covered of the great Sequoia groves be preserved,
and those to whom that sentiment appeals, instead of
girding viciously at the old owner or the new, should
be glad that their transaction and transfer of the
title roused public attention here, and kept it awake
long enough to impress Congress with the desirabil
ity of purchasing the property.
The Secretary of the Interior, endowed with au
thority to bond it at a price and advise Congress, has
sensibly refrained from offering any price, and the
owner has fixed none. The Government must first
know what the property is, and ascertain approxi
mately its value. This it cannot find out. in the
rhapsodies of sylvamaniacs. nor the sordid estimates
of tree butchers. Therefore the Secretary has asked
Congressional authority to appoint three Commis
sioners to expert the title, examine the property, es
timate its value and arrange with' the owner for its
purchase.
This is the proper and businesslike method and if
it be authorized and followed will result in saving
the grove from the ax and saw, which have been im
pending over it all of the fifty years of its private
ownership.
THE CALAVERAS TREES.
THE Secretary of the Interior seems to have
adopted a sensible course in the process of pur
chasing the Calaveras big tree grove for a Fed
eral reservation.
All American reports from Paris -have been to ilic
effect that our building at the exposition is further
aavanced than that of any other nation, but a Rus
sian report claims that the building of Russia leads
ihc world; so it looks as if the Paris folks were trying
to say the polite thing to everybody.
Don't miss next Sunday's
Call. It will contain a f ml page
of photographs of the little
tots — most of them in cos
tume—who will take part in
the coining Mayday celebra
tion.
Looking for American Machinery.
Editor The Call: Will you kindly print
In a conspicuous place in your paper a
request for catalogues of different kinds
ot machinery suited to the needs of this
island.
Many native citizens have asked me
for Information on this subject and I take
this method to meet their wishes, lou
will confer a great favor on an apprecia
tive people. Very truly yours.
J. H. SUTHERLAND.
Chaplain U. S. Army.
Cebu Cebu. P. 1.. March 16. 1900.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ROOSEVELT-K. I. M., City. Theodora
Roosevelt, Governor of the State of New
York, was elected on the Republican
ticket.
WRECK OF THE MAINE— I* H,
Bishop, Inyo County, Cal. The wreck of
the Maine la still In the harbor of Ha
vana.
DIVORCE^ — Easterner. City. In order to
obtain a divorce the party applying for
the same In California must have been a
resident of the State tor one year.
AN OLD BOOK-P. H. 8.. City. You
can ascertain the value of "The Pa!ae<?3
of Borne." issued in 1665, by submitting it
to the liorarlan of some of the local libra
ries.
ROYAL AND STRAIGHT FLCBH-
Subscriber, City. Where there is no so
cial rule, the highest hand In poker U a
royal flush; a straight flush beats a se
quence of the same suit.
A PREMIUM FIVE-A Subscriber.
Oakland. Cal. A five-dollar piece of 1534
¦commands a premium of from $2 to $4 If
It has "E Plurlbus Unum" over the eagle.
A dime of IS^ii is not a prenctum coin.
CAESAR AND NERO-Sv iscriber. CUy.
Julius Caesar. Consul anr! Dictator af
Rome, was born 100 B. C and died "44
B. <3» Nero, the Roman Smperor niio
burned Rome, was born A. O. 37 and dlVd
in 68. i
COPYIST— M. A. V.. Panojhe, Cal. Th«
qualifications for a copyist ;are ability f;
write a good hand, accuracy" and rapidUj
The pay of a copyist dep«;'n<Js upon th*>
line of copying In which a .person is eng
aged.
TONNAGE— A. S.. City. The tonnag
of the Hamburg-American line that sail*
out of New York amounts in the aggre
gate to ISB.SOJ, and that of the North Ger
man Lloyd. Baiting out of the same port,
amounts to 113.2U2.
CL.AYTON-BUI.WER AGREEMENT -
S. . Oakland. Cal. The Clayton-Kulw^r
agreement says: "Provided thnt neither
Great Britain nor the United States shall
fortify or attempt to cornm-tri'l the en
trance to the Nicaragua c.iiiaL"
EMBASSADOn-J. T.. City. The resi
dence of an Embassador is Called an em
bassy and the official ro«lfien?p of a dip
lomatic Minister to a fo'*>:j;n court la
called a legation. This depart m t-nt has
not .been able to discover th:-»t the resi
dence of either is called a "legin."
FRUIT-C. City. The yield of fruit in
California varies with the counties. Thi3
department has not the space to "give the
average of yield hy trees 7 to 10 years old
of apricots, cherries, peaches, piums and
apples" in each of the fifty-seven coun
ties. If you d'-fire to know about any one
county the information will be published.
RIGHTS FORFEITED— I. E. W.. San
Jose. Cal. If A owned a half Interest in
a mineral claim that had not at that time
been patented, pells one-half of his inter-
tst to H. and both neglect to perform the
required amount of assessment work,
they forfeit their rights and any one'e!--»e
has the right to locate anew. If subs*
cjuently A should purchase the claim from
the latest locator that would be an indi
vidual transaction In which B would not
have any rights.
BLACK ANTS— L. H. L.. Berkeley. Cal.
It Is said that black ants will forsake
susjar for lard. To destroy such in pan
tries spread lard on a plate and set where
they most congregate. Th#y will get
caupht in the lard, and when there is a
number on the plate hold it over an open
fire and in that way cremate the pests:
then reset the plate with lard and catch
more, and so on until there are no more in
the place. This la said to be the most
effective way of getting rid of ants.
MULHAUSEN— L. M.. Bishop. Inyo
County, Cal. Mulhausen was created a
froe imperial city by Rudolph of Haps
burg in 1273. By siding with some of the
Swiss cantons in the fourteenth century
it was enabled to maintain a degree of
neutrality between the empire and
France. It remained a part of the circle
of the upper Rhine till 1798. when it In
corporated v-ith France. It became a
town of the German empire as a result of
the Franco-Prussian war of IS7O-71.
MUST PERFORM DUTT-Subscrlber.
City. A native of Italy who leaves hia
r.ativp country when a minor in order to
rscape service in the army, comes to the
United States and becomes a citizen there
of, cannot while he is of military age re
turn to his native country and claim ex
emption from military service in the
Italian army by reason of his American
citizenship. The United States does not
protect a man who owes an obligation to
his country prior to having become a cit
izen of the States.
FRIDAY APRIL 2;. 1900
JOHN D. SrRECKELS. Propneto'.
Ui CrrrmunicaVonj to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
I lULICATIOJI OFFICE. . Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main lses.
lITMTORIAI, ROOMS. 217 to 221 SteT«-n«on St.
Telephone Main I W T4.
Delivered hr rwrrler". 15 Cent" Per Week.
Mnerle (oplf«. 6 Cent*.
Term* l»r Mall. Inclaillnc l'o»tat't
T :LT CAUL jr.^udlr.c Sunday*, one year *« -<*
:?AILT CALL "Srcludinr Sur.Say). «5 Ecnth* S.na
L>AILT CALL Ur.rhi-l'.cr Sunday). 3 rccntks 1W
lAILT CALI Dy Smcle «Sf
f.XOAT CALL On* Tear I- s * l
KKKLY CALX One Tear l -°°
.411 poatmaater* are aalhortied to recelT*
• ¦b«rrlptlon«.
Eairple cctlee »:.! bt forwart«d when requested.
UiKU\U OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS
Vsrtffer Fceign Advertising, M&rquette Eu !:¦"£, Ch ca? 3 -
OdOl IXttaac* Telephone ••Central itli.i
N'KVT TCRK COKiiHSPONDETCT:
C. C. CARLTCN Herald Square
NT^V TO:-:X KKX'ItIISENT »TI VE:
STEPHEN B EVI7H 33 Tritune Buf'ding
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ei-jenraa Hgum; P. O. New* Co.; virrat Northern Hotsl:
1 if meet Hou*e: Auditorium Hv.»l.
NEW TOP.X NEVI"S STANDS:
Waleerf-A*tt>rla Hctel; a Brestano. 31 Union Equa.re:
Hurray BUI Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.TOFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E CRANE. Correspondent *
UK A\rH OFFICF.S«-:r: Moctrcmery. corner of Clay, cpea
vrMl 8:30 o'clock ry> Hayes, open ur.tl! 9:80 <f clock. Q9
McAJM^rer. rpen cn*.';l 9:50 o c'.oek. Cl 3 Larkln. open ur.tll
1:80 o'clock. 1141 C(x& BOtU 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner £b*t««ntli. cpea uatll » o'clock. fO9«
*• fc.'.r.-.a- oj,ri until S o'clock. 16* Eleventh, open Tint.ll
i> c'clock. NW. <4crner T»ecty-»tci-ii<l *n<l " Kentucky.
• r»r ut-TI! * c'clocß.
AMUSEMENTS.
I :<!!f-*-r.*a — "Cipti'.r! I><ntarb'.alr. "
Otltrornla— Pptschr.!kc*r and Hunbourt, this afternoon.
/Wcarar— "Quo Vad:»."
? "viuujbii— "Tt» Floorwalkers."
TtTOii—The Wizard zt the Nile."
'Jr«.Tvd Ojen-inuif — "An Arabian Gtr!."
< mitKllin V»ml«i11U
}'.>rb«-'s Concert House — "La Traviata "
Olyrrpia. corner Mator. ac3 Eddy street*— Pr>?-c;a!*:*!.
Orates, Z r .o and Theater— Via<sev!!!e every afternoon an<!
?wr.iri*.
d Carepo — Daneicr. bawling, fl*hlr.g. «-tc," every Sunday.
'"•ak'.ar.-i Rac>rrafli-Rccf» to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
IJ;- Kmil O •hr.~Thl« day. at 31 o'eirck. Janar.w* Filk*. etc.
i:y B. Br«tldtl»— M ndajr. Air.i 30. bt 11 o'clock, llorres and
llar»-s, at 3~TI Market strttt. %
LANTERNS, PISTOLS AND SPRIN
KLING CARTS.
T_\ S a result of the fiasco reform administration
/ V o; - v - avor Phclaa the people of San Francisco
are undergoing an era of something like
in which each individual must look
out for his interests and take care of himself. The
.:ccts are left unsprink'ed and the merchants have t j
• ,i^i:i sprinkling carts and have the dust laid at their
t.»-n expense. The streets are uniighted at night and
; Otpsuds profit by the darkness, and so the citizen
\. ho poe-» abroad at night must provide himself with
a lantern to see where he is going and with a pistol
iv protect himself against robbery.
Robberies by footpads have become alarmingly
frequent. TVo occurred on a single night. Others
:re likely to occur at any time. In the darkness of
the uniighted streets no man can see the approaching
robber and knows not of the danger until a pistol is
thrust in his face and a demand made for his money.
So frequent have these robberies become that Cap
tain Seymour of the detective force is reported to
!<ave advised citizens to go armed when they go
abroad at night. He is quoted as saying: "Eycii
though I am a police officer, when I go home the>e
('..rk nights after the lights are turned out I carry
ray revolver in the right hand pocket of my coat and
keep my hand on it continually. If I had an oppor
tunity 1 would shoot through my coat." In answer
to the direct question, "Would you advise a citizen
abroad at night to carry a revolver in his coat pocket
with his hand on it continually?" the captain is re
ported to have replied, "Yes; that is the only pro
tection he could have."
It is to this condition of affairs the reform adminis
tration has brought us at the beginning of the new
era under the new charter. It is not an era of
-progress, but of retrogression; not one of light, but
of darkness. Public streets have to be sprinkled by
private contributions, and safety on the streets at
night is to be secured only by a general arming of
the coTnmur.it}'.
The evil which has resulted from the policy of
leaving the streets uniighted is not unexpected.
When it was first announced that the municipal au
thorities intended to practice economy in that way ir
was foreseen by intelligent men that the opportunity
for robbery would prove a strong temptation to the
criminal class. Darkness suggests crime by afford
ing an «uy possibility of committing it. The rascal
who would not venture to assail a man in the light
grows bold when he has a chance to approach un
?een and make the attack under circumstances that
virtually prevent resistance.
It has been suggested that the robber or robbers
who are now committing such frequent crimes Upon
the uniighted streets are prompted to it by dime
novels. The suggestion is hardly warranted by the
facts. Reading bandit stories does not excite the
commission of crime on well lighted thoroughfares,
and were our ftreets kept lighted at* night there would
b" little danger from the novel readers. The tru
cause of the outbreak of crime is the midnight dark
ness which tne reu>rm administration lias imposed
v;>on us. The bungling authorities of the municipal
ity have afforded an opportunity for crime, and the
criminals have simply taken advantage of it.
, „,
Inspired by a zeal to make themselves felt in the
community, the Supervisors are considering a propo
sition to put a tax on cleanliness.' It is proposed to
exact a license from bathing establishments. That
most of the members of the board are Democrats
and desire to tax only luxuries- probably has nothing
•o do with the case.
r-— . . _
The enormous appropriation made by Congress for
the navy must indicate somewhat clearly to the pow
ers of the Old World that Uncle Sam likes the game
to which he was initiated in the recent unpleasantness
?«th Spam.
— — — • ;
The cruel murder of a young Los Angeles man
•vho sought to defend his mother against thugs sug-
Rests that the people of the southern city might with
sroariety invite a session of Judge Lynch's court
ISLAND FELLOW CITIZENS.
THE Chronicle retires within a numerical state
ment and calls the roll of the Republican papers
which agree with it in its contention that the
constitution follows the flag, that Porto Ricans, Fili
pinos and Sulus are our fellow citizens and. must
have immediate free trade with us.
While we respect the well matured opinions of
others, we have some regard for our own matured
judgment. Majorities may decide policies. They
r.everyet created truth. That exists in the nature and.
relation of things which majorities cannot change.
7l he Chronicle may have with it a majority of the Re
publican press of the country, as it certainly has all of
the Democratic press, but that does not create a prin
ciple, ncr change the truth of any proposition. If ma
jorities settle things, the tarift question was settled ad
versely to the Republican position by the party re
verses in IS9O-92. The McKinley bill and its author
were »et aside by a political reversal such as the coun
try had never seen before. But within six years that
reversal was reversed and the rejected author of the
rejected biil was made President, and the spirit of his
bill was refieshed in the Dingley tariff. It is not Re
publican practice to consider a principle settled by a
majority. Policies may be so settled until the majority
changes, but principles are irreversible and inde
structible by majorities or any other thing.
For these reasons The Call is unaffected by the
Chronicle showing, that many Republican, and all
Democratic, papers insist that the treaty of Paris made
the islands part of the United States, brought them
wholly under the constitution and made their people
our fellow citizens.
A professor in Johns Hopkins University estimates
that we have in the United States thirteen millions
of negroes. He points out the growing danger, to
our social and civil institutions, in the rapid increase
in our domestic colored population. We believe that
danger is appreciated by all thinking men, white and
black. The history* of man furnishes no instance in
which the two races, white and colored, have sat
down under the same vine and fig tree, on terms of
civil equality, and dwelt together in peace. The pro
found agitation in progress in our Southern States,
aimed at defeating the r.egro ballot, although his
right thereto is planted in the Federal constitution, is
only a ?egmer.t in the circle of fire that is around us
in consequence of the race problem already on hand.
To these difficulties the Chronicle and the Demo
cratic party desire to add the irrevocable citizenship
of fifteen millions of islanders, of many races and
origin inferior to us. This would load us with a col
ored and inferior population of 28.000.000!
If we have a problem now. due to the presence of
white and colored on terms of civil equality in the
temperate zone, what misery-are we taking into the
very marrow of the republic with fifteen millions,
mostly colored, to whom our very language is jar
gon, to be our constitutional equal?, in the torrid
zo:ie where we cannot live nor stay to teach or con
trol -them except with powder and ball!
Between the two parties in this country four yeais
ago thtre was a margin of 600.000 votes. A colored
population of 28.000.000 will have 5.600.000 voters. Our
"island fellow citizens." as the Chronicle fraternally
calls them, will have 3.000.000 of voters! They can
swarm into the States, and without waiting for state
hood in their o.vn territory can. not only control an
election of President and Congress, but can also dic
tate their own destiny, compel the admission of their
islands into the Union, and, alternating their favors
between the two parties, can wield the substantial
power of the government.
This is no imaginative picture. We have seen what
ambition can do in the Philippines in the leadership
of Rizal and Aguinaldo, and amongst the West In
dians in that of Garcia and Gomez.
Before exposing the country to such results of the
Chronicle- Democratic policy, the people want time
to think. After Louisiana was purchased the country
trusted Jefferson to rule it until the people handed up
to Congress a policy for its government. The people
are willing to trust President McKinley in like man
ner, to administer these islands until we have taken
our bearings and make up our minds upon a policy
that will, primarily, secure the safety of our own
country and the prosperity of our own people, and,
secondarily, do the best that can be done for the 1
islanders themselves.
The Chronicle contends that the whole issue was
settled and concluded by a ptar.k in the Republican
platform of this State, adopted August 24, IS9B, ten
clays after Spain asked a protocol and seven months
before the treaty of Paris was ratified!
We deny that such action at that date binds any
body on that issue.
No one would suspect that the real estate man of
Oakland who had himself arrested for battery was
looking for a free advertisement. He probably be
longs to an unknown band of civic reformers.
¦I iiiimmii 11 1 irii n m, v -
NOT A CAMPAIGN ISSUE.
S~~^ OMMEXTING upon the earnestness with
( which the Pacific Coast States have taken up
the issue of restricting Japanese immigration
since The Call exposed the extent to which that im
migration has developed, the Philadelphia Public Led
ger says: jj "Perhaps it would be better for the whole
country if its Atlantic coast were as sensitive on the
subject of undesirable immigrants as its Pacific side.
That section has succeeded in excluding Chinese la
borers, without stopping to make distinction between
those who might be desirable and those who might
not, and now it is threatening further agitation on
account of the influx of Japanese. It has succeeded
in inspiring the British Northwest with the same
spirit, and the people of Vancouver arc moving for
a restriction on Japanese immigration at that port.
The Britith Government is too' conservative to move
hastily in the matter, and if it places any restrictions
on the Japanese will do so only after investigation
and full consideration, but we may as well prepare
for an issue of this kind as an incident in our coming
Presidential campaign."
Our Philadelphia contemporary is wrong in sug
gesting preparation for the issue as an incident of the
campaign. It .is not one of party politics, nor is it
likely to be. For the exclusion of Japanese our treaty
with that country will have to be revised, and that is
a matter for the careful consideration of the adminis
tration and of Congress. There is no need for a
campaign of education on the subject among the peo
ple, for they arc virtually of one sentiment concern
ing it. All that is to be done is to urge the matter
upon the authorities at Washington, and that has to
a considerable extent been accomplished, for after
the publication in The Call of the rapid growth of
j the immigration the ( Congressmen from this State
at once took the matter up. It will not be neglecte-.l
nor forgotten. The press. and the people will see to
that, but there is no reason why it should be. inter
jected into the campaign even as an incident.
If there be any immigration question in the cam
paign it. will be one of comprehensive restriction,
Oakland pedagogues .want to teach their youthful
charges morals and manners by set rules. This ought
to suggest the necessity of giving to each otTcnse o£
which the youthful mind is capable a , mathematical
! dealing with the whole subject and aiming at the <x
j elusion of undesirable immigrants of all kinds. That
is an issue which has long been debated, and it is
time that it were .settled. The Ledger is right in
saying "it would be better for the whole country if
its Atlantic coast were as sensitive on the subject
of undesirable immigrants as its Pacific side."
GOVERNOK OF NEGROS THANKS THE CALL
OFFICE Of NULit AUY GOVERNOR; ¦
ISLAND 01' NBGROS,
BACOLOB. MARCH 18. 1900.
Editor Th« Calt-My Dear Sir! fioth COMlgnmentS of The Call were duly
received and very heartily, xvdeom«M. not only by myself and family, but also
by the sick in the hOJplw a"'l tK« |Otdicft generally. •
' Your thbughtfulncss is Wghly npprcci.iicil by us all. nnd in a special man
ner the sick feel sratcful to >•<*. for giving thctn tlie means t>[ passing some
hours in contemplations other than those created by their own ills.
In my own behalf and for the command stationed here, J. return sincere
thanks, and beg to remain as ever, very sincerely JJJJ™' ES p SMITH
WHAT MODERN WARS HfIVE COST.
I % Hero 1» an Interesting? table showing th» q
© cost of tho seven ffreat waxs of recent *
•i-'S PfcANC& Q&fcHJ\N tlm "- ny far tho most expensive Inter- I
•fiv ** VaQa^ rv^V na tional bout at arms. It will be notice.!. ?
I national j^^j^^ war of ?
1 V with the Crimean war second. Perhaps
J \ (ft a\ * n0 more eloquent plea for universal peace 4.
M\ ?%s/ CeiMHAKI could be brought forward than such a I
? /*^\ OW&C i^nrs statement as this, showing as It does what %
± SvtfT^ '^-«I^- I, r ."^)C» .000,000 expensive arbitrators In International di 3 - .
? TW^V*fWl f^^fclS^t? nutes gunpowder and steel really are.
I V'ttfJ LJ "Hi "if Ru6*bo. *
I mi \ U 50.000.00o '-'. r J
; /' • , \ /' * l \ Hrush> *»' i|^o.ooo.oooAugT*c *
-*• /v^^v:^ ¦'¦'• ¦'¦'¦¦''¦' ¦¦¦'"¦¦ ¦ ; - ' ¦-¦¦'• ' '¦¦• : '''•¦: : - : : \ I \•/,' : \ ¦ t^\ .sj\«^«*33aooaooo *
APVEBTISEMZUTS.
children growing nicely ?
Stronger each month? . A
tritie heavier? Or is one of
them growing the other
way r Growing weaker,
growing thinner, growing
paler? If so, you should try
%aM> 6mutsipn,
It's both food and medicine.
It corrects disease. It makes
delicate children grow in
the right-, way — taller,
stronger, heavier, healthier.
jocaod «"•«>. all tfrccspsts.
SCO'!*! & b'JWSE, Chemists, f»cw Y«h-
i ¦ • ' *"t" t
Ian?"?™ 7 '" 1 * ¦ t
I |i|| I ' flops tie Will Be. Our \ //"^v^?£?\
I, v WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO WITH IT? I
? —St. Paul Pioneer Pniss. f
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb atTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily t3
business houses and public men by th->
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Alnr.t-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Sheetz Is Arraigned.
Elmer L. Sheetz, the defaulting employ
ment agent from St. Louis, was arraigned
in Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday on the
charge of felony embezzlement. The com
plaining witness is Captain James Boland
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 26.— The Misses
Cowley of San Francisco are at the Eb
bitt; Alice H. Salade and Mrs. W. H.
Ersklno of San Francisco are at the St.
James.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. April 26.— Charles H.
Zachariaa of San Francisco is at the
Herald-square; Louis Hopkins and wife
of San Francisco are at the Empire.
HE KNEW A GUN BUT
The man who thinks he can shoot en
tered a Washington sporting goods store
recently and looked with the critical, ex
amining glance which at once stamps one
as being a sportsman of experience, at a
new model shotgun.
He deftly raised the weapon to his
shoulder and squinted down the polished
barrel with a regular trap-gun-nlnety
nlne-out-of-a-hundred squint.
He tossed it at different angles, dropped
it in the hollow of his left arm. fingered
the safety lever with a skilled hand and
lovingly snapped the triggers.
He opened the breech and held the bar
rel between his eye and the light from
the window, and said something about U>q
advantage of using "barrel reflectors" for
cleaning.
The clerk was much impressed. He
smiled.
The learned gunner talked of "choke
bores," "new s.xteen-gauge." of the new
"takedown, single-barrel repeating" shot
guns being inferior to the old and tried
double-barrel gun; of the relative qual
ities of "Damascus," "double laminated."
"decarbonized," 'Tine three-blade," and
other barrels; of "half-pistol grips,", "au
tomatic ejectors" and "solid strikers."
He expiated on "nitro-powder guaran
tees," "low circular hammers," and ex
plained to the clerk how easy it was to
take out the "safety plunger" with safety.
He was eloquent about •'flat" and other
"trajectories." lie knew all about
"globe," "wind," "knifeblade," "bead"
and "peep" sights*
The clerk was. much Impressed. He
laughed.
He gave a practical illustration to the
admiring clerk of "how to stand when
trap shooting, without muscular strain or
tremor. He demonstrated tho importance,
where "aperture front sights" were used,
of having the "aperture In the bead 'ring'
the bullseye."
Then he bought the gun.
. A week later he returned to the store as
mad as one of the hares he had hunted.
"Here, you!" he cried to the clerk, an
grily. "Here, take this gun back! You
have cheated me! It won't "ihoot!
"I have tramped over the fields of Vir
ginia for six d.iy^». and banged away at all
ranges at everything from a chippie bird
to a cow, but never once have I brought
down the game. I have shot until my arm
aches and my shouidtr Is numb. I have
sworn until 1 can swea.r no more. Take it
back, or I will have you arrested for ob
taining money under false pretenses!"
"What kind of shells have you been us
ing?" asked the clerk, mildly.
"These."
"Oh, that's all right. Keep the gun; it
PERSONAL MENTION.
P. Sweed. a merchant of Petaluma, Is at
the Grand.
Louis Dean, a cattle buyer of Reno, Is
at the Russ.
J. S. Graham, a merchant of Seattle, Is
at the Palace.
James Gallagher, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the Grand.
D. R. Cameron, an attorney of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
L. L. Gray, a banker of Fxesno. Is at
the Occidental.
Douglas S. Cone, a banker of Red Bluff,
is at the Palace.
T. J. Tompkins, a merchant of St. Paul,
Is at the Palace.
Martin C. Cuddyhy. the Mayor of Happy
Camn, is at the Russ.
R. G. Harvey, a mining man of Van
couver, Is at the Palace.
Charles E. Seymour, a mining man of
Canyon, is at the Grand.
William McKinlcy, a mining man of
Nevada City, "is at the Lick.
R. S. Peeler of Sacramento, acting ad
jutant general, is at the California.
Congressman Louttlt came down from
Stockton yesterday. He is at tfe Lick.
Captain T. J. Duncan, a wealthy mine
owner of Nelson, B. C, Is at the Palace.
J. Parker and L. Cerf, merchants of
Salinas and Ventura respectively, are at
the Lick.
Henry J. Anderson and A. S. Greig,
mining men of Bolton, N. Mex., are guests
at the Palace.
\V. S. Gage, owner of valuable mines at
Silver City, N. Mex., is a guest at the
Pak..e.
J. A. Hopper, one of the most influential
business men of Honolulu is at the Occi
dental with his wife.
Hiram Smith and W. B. Blackwell.
members of the "New York Board of
Trade, are guests at the Palace.
G. K. King, assistant general passenger
and ticket agent of the Micifigan Central
Railroad, is in the city on business.
,J. J. Williams, a photographer of Hono
lulu, and J. C. Cohen, manager of the
Orpheum Theater at the island metropo
lis, are in the city.
Yuen Chong of the Chinese Consular
service has been transferred from Hono
lulu to this city. He and his wife camo
up on the Australia.
• A. Hunker of Dawson, discoverer of tho
famous HiTnker Creek district, is at the
Russ with his wife, having just returned
from a trip of several months In Europe.
S. H. Babcock of Salt Lake, traffic man
ager of the Rio Grande Western Railway,
is a guest at the Palace. He has come
to confer with the Southern Pacific peo
ple on the summer- schedule for overland
trainc.
of the schooner Louisa D. He was asked
if \V. A. Prince, the name he assumed
hero, was his true name, and ha refused
to nnswer. Captain Seymour received a
dispatch yesterday from William Des
mond, ngrent for the State of Missouri,
that an omccr had started with papers
for Sheetz's extradition.
Is a good one. The shells are 'blank* '
that's all."
It was enough.— "Washington Star.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AVMML V!T» UHK),
OAKLAND'S TELEPHONE MONOPOLY.
/~"\ AKLAND is now to be, added to the length
( J ening list of cities whose people have begtrn
Ma campaign against the aggressions and the in
efficiencies of the telephone companies. Possessed of
a monopoly which even if managed with fairness
would yield an enormous profit, these companies in
all parts of the Union seem animated by a mad kind
of avarice which impels them to inflict upon the pub
lic every sort of wrong that will yield a penny to
themselves. *
The form in which the Oakland company appears
to have committed its most serious offenses against
its patrons is that of an inefficient service. The com
pany demands good pay and high pay. but it gives
poor work. At a recent meeting of the Merchants'
Exchange of the city there was an extended discus
sion of the subject, and without a dissenting voice a
motion was adopted to communicate to the company
a protest against its methods of doing business.
In the course of the discussion one of the speakers
stated that the telephone service in Oakland is worse
than any with which he had come into contact in
any part of the country. He is quoted as saying: "I
have lost whole hours in trying to make a switch, and
have given up in disgusts They tell you 'Line's busy,
call again,' before you even ask fo- a number. * *
We pay enough for the telephone and should get
good service. It is time to call a halt."
In Oakland, as everywhere else, one of the evil
practices of the company is to cut down wages and
overwork the employes, so that the service is neces
sarily inefficient. In their greed to get as much as
they can for as little as possible t'-e monoplists will
not provide a service at all equal tvi that which they
promise and for which they exact exorbitant pay.
As a result of these extortions artd frauds, petty in
detail but in the aggregate amounting to enormous
robberies of the public, there is now going on in all
parts of the Union a vigorous campaign in favor of
stringent and comprehensive regulation of telephone
rates. In some instances competitive companies
have been invited to enter the field, and the competi
tion has proven beneficial in some respects. There is,
however, a serious objection to competition in tele
phone service, due to the fact that it is desirable all
parties should be connected with one line, so that no
one would be compelled to have two or more tele
phones in order to communicate with the community
at large. For that reason State or municipal regula
tion of telephones is preferred to competition, and it
is now probable such supervision will be ere long es
tablished throughout the country.
The agitation in Oakland comes at an opportune
time. We are now on the eve of electing a Legisla
ture to assemble next winter. The question of State
supervision of telephones can therefore be made an
i?sue of practical politics at once. Every candidate
for the Legislature ought to be required to give to
his constituents a specific pledge to vote in favor of
such supervision at the coming session. That is the
best solution of the problem which the extortions of
the telephone companies have forced upon the peo
ple, and as a remedy for notorious offenses it should
be promptly applied.
6X -The latest is the Silk- Weav- J
-f ing Spider! The Belgian Hare +
-f has caught California and now +
comes the possibility of a new ?
X" industry. Next Sunday's Call X
+ will tell you all about i« , 4.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR^GbTD^REDQINTpUMPS^
u'DACU Were ' successful at Nome last
s\!\UOrl year. All others failed.. 9 Stev-
enson St.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
it- r>r^«-« #l r.n Dallr W. 1 - .•*»¦¦•».
BYRON JACKSON.
DrJEDQING PLMPS.
¦"•it. Osfnlin*. Steam Hol»tt. Centrlfutal rnmp*
rne;n»**-H-iller». HendyMarh. Wka .w Ft*— tont!
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
"nrel- fr«h or salt wster far tsiuie* botM
>rh rr icw T!rt». Sttr.rn<lt. 11 Market *L
OOL > SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold anrt Amnlzumator '•»
«ally nreratlon. Wm. H. Birch k Co.. 1M tst
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARfHALL Gold Savlnc Machln*. m Fol-
| -itn «treet. Oriental Ga* Krjßlne Companr.
CONCENTRATORS. ~~"
PATTERSON'S "Acme" Concentrator works
black sand dally. 227 Mission st.
SLUICE 'BOX' S.
-Klondike champion sluice saves s;old* competl-
tlon Invited. 179S 15th st., corner Guerrero.
POCKERS
The lightest." cheapest and prcven the best for
placer work. 19JH6 Mlt--.lon at.
PLATE* FOR SAVINO GOLD.
«'r.«»tl#ln A Burrid«#,' J Msrdu olac* off
Knfn>. between gutter and Hu*h strMta.
f. XV HELL." Central PUtir.e Wnr*». Mt _..-
»'»-,n »t 8. F. Phrn* Jrr»\+ tCI.
SILVER-PLATED MININO PLATES.
GET them at Pennlston's San Francisco Plat-
'lng Works. *12 Mission st.
N)ME MINING SCHOOL.
I^earn to know cola and save It. 'to handle
amalgamating platen, etc.. Central Park.
GROCERIES 'Pin P O VIS lONS.
Ootfltn packed. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard
808 Fourth, 1202 Polk and 1441 Stockton, 8. f!
L'QUORS. ~
WHICPFY ni ; ATZ BEER. Rrthesda Water
W ni-ft-I CAHEK - SON.4U Sacramento st!
WHISKY. ~ — — ~
HIPrTF? RYF C " RIS J T & WISE Coml.
UU.rICA me- Co., 327-323 Sar.some Bt.
PORTABLE HOUSES. ~~
HinSHAM-STASUEKORU to.. V-ashln«tni>
•nd Ist »ts . Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. a. r.
GASOLINR ENGINE*?.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is nllln«
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First St.'. 8. F. |
. ; ENOINES, BOILERS. ETC~ T
TAKER A HAMILTON. Entlnes and P-oIlert;
lowest cricts on ths coast Pins A Davis sta.
TENTS AND OVERS. ~~
.'vKViIXK *t CU.. manulacturera, ea<sw Mot^
MVtn. UudU CMUornl* ik
POSTAL CLERK RUINED
BY THE RACETRACK
T-\OSTMASTER MONTAGUE
LJwas notified yesterday by the
I Postmaster General that
Adolph Soher had been dis
missed from the service of the San
Francisco Postoffice.
Soher's downfall is another name
added to the dishonorable roll of
victims of racetrack gambling in
California. He had been for many
years a trusted clerk In the dis
tributing department of the San
Francisco Postoffice. About a year
ago he was seized with the gam
bling mania and most of his earn
ings went into the pockets of the
bookmakers. A short time ago it
was discovered that he had been
embezzling funds from the estate
of Lewis Soher, his father, and
squandering them upon the race
track. With the discovery came
his flight, and the detectives are
yet' ln pursuit of him.
Postofßce officials say that up to
the time he began to attend the
races he was a man of Unblemish
ed reputation, of great industry
and attentive to his duties. After
that fatal epoch the change was
swift and marked, and he went the
way of all turf gamblers.
CONTRACT LABORER
ORDERED DEPORTED
He Quit Work Before He Cleared the
Bebt for His Passage
.Money.
A. K. Coney, Mexican Consul, called the
attention of United States Immigration
Commissioner North yesterday to the fact
that Maximlno Villasenor, a recent immi
grant from Mexico, was In a state of des
titution und had become a public charge.
Mr. North detailed Captain A. de la Torre
Jr. to investigate the case, and upon his
report Mr. Villasenor will be deported.
According to the statement of the un
fortunate man. he was Induced to come
to this country last July by Mrs. Fran
clsca Carillo de Guglieri. who resides with
her husband at 821 Vallejo street. She
paid his passage from Mazatlan to this
city and promised that upon his arrival
she would give him constant and remu
nerative employment. She was at the
dock when the steamer arrived and passed
him $30 as "show money" for the eyes of
the Immigration officials.
After working thirty-eight days on the
ranch and receiving no pay Villasenor re
turned to this city and was for three
months a patient in the City and County
Hospital.
,^.,-%nr. CBCS3SCBG CB36CBC OOi> O'OOO CB2C6CB^ C-K-iC'fO OO^Cm? 0?^!C : QO'O O<XCO O«
O- ¦¦;.¦--¦ "-'•"• * " • g
I _ ' ¦ P
1 Blankets and Underwear, i
ft . O
pi The right kinds and the right weights. All-Wool Blankets, from •§
X 5 pounds to l 6 pounds, in scarlet, gray, brown and blue. W
r, ¦ A large assortment of the right kind of Underwear and Overshirts, Q
<? in lipht and heax'j- weights: also linen Mosquito Canopies. _ . y.
¦*? Call and examine our goods; you will find the prices right. £
% C. C UR TlN~sti "a^d~9l3 Market Street. B
FIGURE 9.
points of secondary importance, with the
exception of the middle rectangle, the
central point, of which B is the weakest
of all. Fi£. Ji shows how the idea is fol
lowed In practice. In looking at the pic
ture the eye is first attracted to the large
tree in the foreground, which lies along
the line DD. It then wanders Into the
middle distance to the castle, which Is
situated at a ver^" strong point, where two
Mnes, 88. CC. cross. The figure In the
toregrounu next attracts attention, and It
is found to be In the middle of one of the
rectangles, a point of secondary imnor
tance. It should be noted that these three
objects form the outline of a triangle, and
that the heavy weieht of the tree on fine
side is counterbalanced by the building
and the dark figure on the other. The
horizon line is located on one of the lines
88.
XIII.— PORTRAITURE AT HOME
BY F. DUNDAS TODD.
Over half a million cameras are sold In
this country every year, and a very large
percentage of them are bought for the ex
press purpose of photographing the baby.
Poor babies, they have my sympathy. I
sometimes think that about a score of
years hence all those who have been libel
ed from Infancy by a camera In the hands
of devoted parents wijl band themselves
Into a league of some sort or another, un
der some such title as the "Anti-Baby-
Portralt-by-Parents Society." and If they
do It ought to be the biggest and most
Influential body this nation ever saw. If
imbued with the proper spirit, it could
entirely alter the complexion of political
parties and such terms as Republican.
Democrat. Populists, free sllverltes, etc.,
would be interesting from an antiquarian
standpoint only.
But all joking aside, a camera in the
hands of the average individual is a ter-
FIGURE 7.
tographers to rule the focusing screen
with four lines, as In the accompanying
illustration. The? principal objects should |
be made to lie alon^ each of these linos. |
T.-hich are the strong points of the pic
ture, and from their very position will
command attention. Where two lints in- ,
tersect are especially strong points, while
the middle points of the various '•ectan
gle_, such as A, are regarded as strong
FIGURE 12
stance of this effect. Figure 12 shows a
stable form of pyramidal composition.
Xote^ — This study will be concluded next
week.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION".
Spring Term, 1900
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons In
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses •will continue until
May 31, 1000. Examinations will ba
held at their close as a basis for tha
granting of certificates.
ures of the far-<\ and In a good portrait w©
should attrmpt to secure one of these dis
tinctive rcsitlon. But all attitudes are
not graceful, th^r^fore we must select,
and that hrir.grs us at once to th' 3 point
are thrre any definite rulos that will gitlde
us to the Judicious choice of a pose? Yes.
the rules of composition, as I explained
In my last article. I went pretty fully
into the subject then, and of course I
cannot traverse the whole ground again,
but I will select such principles as are
specially applicable to portraiture and re
ptat them. •
The pyramid Is practically the only
tie finite peometrlc figure we can utilize In
posing, but tb.is can he used in a large
variety of forms. It may have any pro
portion between Its height and width and
have any kind of angle, with but one ex
ception — a line let fall perpendicularly
from the top of the triansrles must always
cut the base. In figure lo Is shown an in-
AMrSEKENTS.
WILL | THE
YOU { ONLY
r.KMEMRER I MATINKE
TO-atonxtoxv (Saturday) aftehnoos (
'CAPiAI^ LEiIARBLAIh
Bo charmingly presented by
;V\R. JAMES NEILL
And the Incomraranle Nelll Coir.pany.
BEATS NOW ON BALE for Nat Goodwin'
Greatest Comedy Success,
"F\ GILDED FOO
First IVrformance on SI'NDAY NIGHT
Secure seats <;uick if you want them.
CALIFORNIA THEATu
farewell this aft mo ,
AT 3:i5 PROMPT.
TO A.CCOUODATE BVEXtTBODT.
PETSCHNIKOFF,
The Poet or the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
The roans P!eyfried of the Piano
LACHAUMiE,
D_r_SS*___ed Comppwr and Pianist.
1-orrLAR PRICES-Rpsen-ed seats, 50c $i
A REMARKAHLE PROGRAMME.
ALL THIS an^NEXT WEEF
Ever> - Nifht Incluilinp Fur.<?ay; Mat. Pat.
Those Fur.ny Fel'.'ws,
WARD and YOKES.
45— PEOPLE— 40
In the Musical Farce.
THE FLOJR v* ALKERS.
Mutinee Saturday C3c. BOe, TSc
BseßlßS Prices Csc. Ssc. inc. 7->c and tl
Se-ts Now Sellir._ for NEXT WEEK.
Look out for... "THE EVIL EYE."
*TI VOLl*
AMIAWIZ? YOU BET I /M
ESCOSfD WEEK OF THE EXORMOUS SUC-
CESS,
a The Sufierb- C<ta_e Opera,
The Wizard
of fte Nile.
CveKings at k. Matir.pc, ?aturday. at Z.
POPULAR PRICES. :ic and Me.
Telephone HufH s.
FINAL tVFEK.
hopkins' t n a, \s -oceanic
vaudeville: company.
In Conjunction with ORPHECM STARS.
: [GBT I^ELT-; BAE * BROSCHJE: MLLK. '
PnOTO: MILPREH BTOLLER; MAKZEL-
I.A- GCITAXOS: FALK; £E_ION; LSKLL-
MAX: MOORE: DCXCAX.
r.^'rvfl poatf 1 . rr»c; balconj', 10c; opera |
•-'.'".'".- and box s«»"nts. Z'>r.
Matin*** Wedn»?.lay, Paturtav an<l Funiay. I
KBXT Y/E.BK — FVLCOHA'S ALL- '
STAft SPi CIALTY CO.
_ I
PHOKE MAIN S£2.
MATINEE? BATCRDAT AND TUESDAY
NEXT (DEWET PAT).
\j*r\ Week of Our New Y^rk Extravaganza .
AN ARaSIaN GIRL. I
Rparresrence After Thtlr Triumphant E^iFtorn i
Tour of
The Wonderful Child Artl'ts.
ARNOLD GRAZEB and LA PETITR HA7F.L. j
In their I'n'.Que a.i-A Delljefatfal Cake Walk.
Accnrdf^ a Perfect Ovmttoil Lart Ni-jht.
Xex; Week— "lX GAY NEW YORK."
Afi^itionai tfesr Fur*".
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GcxxJ Reserved Seat in Orchestra at All Mat- I
Jne«t, toe.
Branch Ticket Office. Emr-orium.
¦O^ H EAT R rM. >
LAST THREE N'IGHTP
SOLDIER BOYS
BACK FROM THE
SCENE OF WAR
»
Home Battalion of the Four
teenth Come in the
Sherman.
Majority Are Native Sons Recruited
at Cnn^) Merritt— Six Die En
Route From Manila — Ves
• sel Quarantined.
The United States transport Sherman
arrived from Manila early yesterday
morning, making the trip in twenty-six
days; seventeen days from Nagasaki. 3he
has on board a battalion of the Four
teenth Infantry. 154 prisoners. 27 insane
people and 172 invalid soldiers. There were
six deaths during the voyage, and as
there were some suspicious cases among
the sick Dr. Klnycuri ordered the vessel
Into quarantine.
.Besides the private soldiers and the sick
the Sherman brought up fifty-two cabin
passengers. Many of those are officers of
the battalion, and the others are officers
home on sick leave, nurses and civilians
given transportation to San Francisco by
General Otis.
The boys of the Fourteenth will be
given a cordial welcome when they land
from the Sherman. Nearly all of them
are Native Sons, as the Fourteenth was
recruited at Camp Mcrritt nearly two
years ago. They have done some hard
campaigning in the Philippines and have
Leon sent home to recuperate. After a
short rest at the. Presidio they will be
sent to Fort Wayne, to which station they
have been assigned.
Soon after the Sherman reached quar
antine the Government tujr Fearless went
oiu to her and put the mall aboard. In a
very short time the letters were distrib
uted, and soon every, one of the returned
soldiers was reading the latest news from
home. Those who hung over the rail
viewing the shore did not seem to have
much the matter with them, but the sick
in the ship's hospital tell a different tale.
Home of them arc having a hard fight
with death, and the chances are that the
number of fatalities will be increased be
fore the transport i 3 released from quar
antine.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
XII.—COMPOSITION OF A PIC
TURE
(Concluded.)
BY F. DUNDAS TODD.
Pyramidal composition is the simplest
and best for figure studies and groups,
Fig. 7 shows this form very -pell, the one
line running from the brow to past the
hp.nd3 and knees to the floor, the other
starting from the top of the head runs
past back of chair to the ground.
In his first efforts at composition the
beginner is very apt to be somewhat at
sea. and it will therefore be wise of him
to follow the mr-thod recommended by the
late Norman Macbeth, a distinguished
Scottish artist, who took a kern interest
in photography. Ke recommended pro-
Th*»y really couM not proclafm It mor»
efficiently if they removed the roofs of
their heads and exposed to the view of.
the world the blank condition of the pho
tographic department of their brains.
Now, I want to see ail this changed. I
want to srt» everybody using the camera
wiih intelligence and with a purpose. I
want each Individual to know exactly
Trfuit he wants, and I am pretty certain he
will see that he Rets ii. I do not pretend
to be able to teach the v.hole art of por
traiture in one short lesson, but T think
I can piv*- material fr>r the laying of a
Rood foundation, ar.d any tiiinklr.ff person
can add to the structure as he ro»>s alone
In ether words. I propose talking about
What I tnay he allowed to call the me
chanical eM.- of portrait-making, ami this
I will do under the three heads of posing,
liphtirg p.nrl backKrcunds.
First as to rosing. Kverybody has a
variety of attitudes that are as charac
teristic nt fhc individual as nrc fh«» t*:\t-
Good trunks, valises, dress-suit cases
and traveling: rolls In our leather roods
department at lowest prices. Saxiborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Personating the Fire Marshal.
Fire Marshal Towe was notified yester
day that a man has been calling at dif
ferent houses asking. to examine the elec
tric llerhts and representing himself as the
Fire Marshal. An effort- will be made to
arrest the fraud. He is supposed to be a
burglar or a sneak thief.
Hibernians Will Smoke.
To-morrow night all the divisions pf the
Ancient Order of Hibernians will assemble
at Teutonia Hall on Howard street to
enjoy an old-fashioned Bmoker. The com
mittee In charge has arranged an enter
taining programme fbr the evening. •
FIGURE 10.
rlble weapon of offense. «He presses the !
button and expects the instrument to do
the rest. But It cannot, for it has no
brains. He has brains, but won't use
them, Is in fact Intellectually lazy, and
glosses the facts over by asserting he is
too busy. - *
A camera is only a tool and can record
only what is In front of It. What It pho
tographs is a sure measure of the intel
lectual caliber and artistic taste of the
person who handled It. I am afraid the
average individual never dreams of this
when he passes his photographs around,
for If he did he • would probably dig a
hole and bury them instead.
What does the average man or woman
know about portraiture? Absolutely noth
ing. Yet they make portraits and there
fore every print they make shouts aloud
the appalling depth of their ignorance.
Employes' Benefit Association.
The directors of the Employes* Mutual
Benefit Association of the Southern Pa
clflc Company held a meeting yesterday
afternoon preliminary to the annual
stockholders' meeting, which will tako
place a week from next Monday. The
association now has a bank account o£
197,000 and a membership ot 906.
The Original Little Beneficencia Publica
Co. of San Francisco Drawing
• Apr! 10. 1900.
No. 14,597 wins" $3750, sold in San Francisco.
Cal : No. 2438 wins $1250. Bold In Los Angeles
Cal.- No. 15,445 wins t«23, sold In Oakland. Cal •
Nos. 34.4P7, 46,747. 50.986, (5.056 and 75,239 each
win {62 50, sold in San Francisco and Sacra
mento, Cal. •
A Supreme Officer Dies.
Mrs. Henry Schmehl, supreme vice pres
ident of the Friends of the Forest, died
Tuesday evening as the result of an ope
ration. She had been ill for several
months, and the Bhock was more than her
system could stand.
Struck With a Hatchet.
John Kane, a plumber Jiving at BCT
Minna street, quarreled with his wife yes
terday afternoon and locked himself up in
a room. Mrs. Kane ordered him to open
the door, but h« refused. She procured a
hatchet and was chopping down the door
when Kane opened It. He grabbed the
hatchet from her and struck her on the
face, Inflicting an ugly wound. Kane was
arrested on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon.
matinee ro-_coanow and Sunday.
SEATS NOW REAKT FOH NEXT WEEK.
nCTUBESQUE PRODUCTION.
"SUE!"
EXTRA MATINEE DEV/EY DAY.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
IS-124 OTARRELL STREET.
E. A. FISCHER. Prop; I OKO. MOOSER. Mgr.
TEE HASDSO-EST KCSIC SALL IN AKEBICA!
...WEEK OF APRIL 23...
Entire Change of Programme!
LA TRAVIATA
(CA.WLLC)
GREAT LOMBARD! OPERA QUARTETTE.
e:gsc_ badaracco ewoba-baeddcci
SIGNOa NA POLLETri.JI E133021NA PU-REHI
EESCS TAHOAS SIGXQ3.IZiA SA.LVIM
MISS L't.L'A . II RW OD.
AUGUST HIXRICHS* SUI'EHU ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION". 10 CENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB 1500
AFItIL ;i TO MAY £. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND HACK TRACK.
Hicini? Monday. Tu^day. WedaesUay. Thuri-
fy, Friday and Saturday. K&in or thine.
hive or more raiee each day.
Ita<~e» et«»rt ai 2:3 i p. m. nfcarp.
Ferrj-boatj. leave San Kram Isco at 22 m. and
12:20, 1. 1.3u, Z. t:\> and I p. m., connecting
with train* etfcpjjir.j at the entrance to the
track. L~*t two cars on train reserved for
I— dies and their enc-jrts: no B'TiolclnK. Buy your
ff-rrj- ikk«n «o Fhell Slound. All tralcs via
' ..¦¦.!¦*:. 1 ::..•- connect v. .:;, Han Pablo avenu*
rl»-ctric cars at f ; * > v«-nth anfl Broadway. Oak-
land. Also a'.J trair.s via Alameda mole con-
nect n-lth Pan PaWo avenue rar* at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Ttope electric cars
CO <Jlr»»ct to the tr»rk in fifteen minutes.
rfceturnlnic— Trains iesivo the track at 4:15 and i
4 «. p. m. and fmmediat'ly after the last race.
THOMAS H WILLIAMS JR.. President
H. B MILP.OY. fiecretary.
CHUTES AND_ZQO. z H7i%ZI"
EVANS and MAITLAND. DAVENPORT SIS-
TERS. ALICE RATMON'D. JONES; DAVIS
and HF.AP.ri. THE HEWITT-, KD\VAIU>
ADAMS. Ut'LLEN'snd V.'AHp. MOVING
MCTunns.
CAKE WALK CONTEST TO-MORROW
NIGHT.
Telephone for Feat* — Park S3.
Weekly Cail,sl.oo per Year (
Home and Foreign Missions.
The ninth annual convention of the Wo
man's Home and Foreign Missions held
sessions yesterday afternoon and even
ing in the First English Lutheran Church.
The meetings were well attended and the
proceedings thoroughly Interesting to the
audience. They included devotional exer
clscb, report of synodlcal officers, auxil
iary delegates and other reports devoted
to work in the Eastern States/ Rev. Wil
liam Brandes discu^ed in the evening,
"Home Missions and Church Extension,
and Rev. »C. F. Oehler discoursed on
"Sunday Schools." The synod will hold
sessions this afternoon and evening.
RUEF DONATES HIS
FEE TO CHARITIES
Judge Coffey's Schedule Causes an
Unpleasant Debate in the Fen
nell Case.
A. Ruef donated to charity the fee al
lowed him yesterday by Judge Coffey In
compensation for hl3 services as attorney
for the special administrator of the estate
of the late Winifred FennelH Before
Mr. Ruef made the donation, however, he
indulged in an argument with the court
as to the merits of the latter's fee sched
ule. He demanded ICOO for his services In
settling the estate and asked, that $250 be
allowed Special . Administrator Drink
house.
Judge Coffey said that $100 was a reas
onable counsel fee and fixed it at that
amount. Mr. Ruef said he would be as
liberal as the Judge, and asked that the
fe« allo—red him be divided among tho
Roman Catholic, Protestant and Hebrew
orphan asylums of the city. •
"Your criticism Is the most unjust of
the many to which this court has been
subjected during recent years." said
Judge Coffey. "It hurts me to the bone —
to the marrow— and Is uncalled for."
, Mr. Ruef declared the court had award
ed larger fees In cases where* the work
was not so hard. Judge Coffey responded
that the fe«a -were larger because the
amounts Involved were greater.
THAT WEEKDAY EXCURSION
TO SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
FIRST - CLASS TRAINS AND
CHEAP ROUND-TRIP RATES.
Exceptional Opportunity for Visiting
One of the Most Attractive
Camping Regions of Cali
fornia. ¦
Since the first announcement made, by
the Southern Pacific Company a few days
since that they would inaugurate a sea
son of personally conducted excursions by
sending a train of flrst-clas3 coaches to
the heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains
numerous inquiries have been made at all
of the company's offices regarding the
special excursion train which will be dis
patched from here on May 5, stopping at
all the famous camping resorts along the
route of the narrow gauge, including
Alma. "Wrights. Laurel, Glenwood, Camp
ers, Felton, Ben Lomond, Eccles, Rowar
denan, Reed and Boulder Creek.
As heretofore, these trains will be un
der the personal supervision of Mr. Wil
liam H. Alenton, the well-known excursion
passenger agent of the Southern Pacific
Company, who will look after the com
forts and enjoyment of the excursionists.
Excursionists desiring to spend their
time at any one of the above points can
do so and take excursion train, which will
stop for them on return trip. Round trip
fate $1 25. Train will leave San Francisco
ferry landing at 7:45 a. m.. Oakland (Four
teenth and Franklin streets), 7:45 a. m.;
Alameda (Park street), 8:20 a. m. Re
turning arrive at San Francisco at 8:05
p. m.
Tickets will be on sale at 613 Market
street. Grand Hotel ticket office. April 27,
23 and 29, and at ferry landing on the
morning at the excursion. They can also
be procured at Fourteenth and Franklin
streets, Oakland, and at Park-street sta
tion, Alameda, on the dates above named.
HEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AID THE
WATER FRONT
Ship Annie Thomas Has Been
Posted at Lloyds as
¦ Missing.
Captain Merideth, Her Master, Well
Known in San Francisco and
Wp.s Last Here in the
Dominion.
» .
The British sh!p Annie Thomas, on
which there has been a considerable
amount of reinsurance gambling in San
Francisco, was "posted at Lloyds as miss
ing" yesterday. This means that all the
money put up on the chances of the ship
ever reaching port has been lost. When
a vessel i.« "posted at Lloyds" all insur
ance claims must be paid, captain and
crew are clapped among the dead and
pone, while the craft !s stricken from the
world's list of merchantmen. There are
some people in San Francisco who assert
that the Annie .Thnmas will be heard
from, and that Captain Merideth will
bring his ship into port.
Tlu- Ann!e Thomas -left Cardiff July 29.
lSl't!. for Acapulco with a carjw of coal.
On October 19. in latitude 57 south, longi
tude 70 west, she was spoken with her
fore topgallant mast gone and nearly ail
her sails in ribbons. She has not been
heard from since. During the October
storms that raged off Cape Horn over a
dozen vessels were so badly damaged that
the^- had to put into Stanley for repairs.
The supposition is that the Annie Thomas
foundered in one of the hurricanes that
disabled the fleet.
Captain Merideth, her master, was well
THE MISSING ANNIE THOMAS AND HER MASTER.
known in San Francisco. Some of his
relatives reside here now. He was for
merly here in the Dominion, but left thrjt
vessel to join the Annie Thomas.
Hio de Janeiro Arrives.
The Mail Company's steamer Rio de Ja
neiro arrived In port early yesterday
mornittp and was sent into quarantine.
She brought up twenty-five cabin passen
gers, four Europeans in the steerage and
torty-seven Japanese and 2SS Chinese.
One of the Chinese passengers died dur
ing the passage. Until Dr. Kinyoun is
satisfied that there is no contagion aboard
no ono will be allowed to land. The cabin
passengers are:
; R. Osrilvle, Dr. A. Sinn. W. J. Theband, S.
Halllwell. E. Uauraas. J. C. Creves, S. P.
tlreenstone, Chun Yun and servant, J. C. Les
ser and wife, \V. H. Melsome. Mrs. \V. E.
Dorland, K. W. Ronnoflon. W. Lewis, Max
Fleischer. Mrs. and Miss K!rk:and, H. Wilson,
Mrs. R. H. Crane. Miss A. C. I'inkham. J. J.
Antmlus. L. S. Hopkins, F. 11. Noltenins, G.
B. Ryan.
Trouble on tho Nile.
The British ship Nile arrived from Kobe
yesterday in the very smart run of 23
days.
The Nile made her fast run In spite of
i the fact that the officers and crew were
| at outs. As soon as the anchor was drop
ped yesterday six of the men deserted
and once a.«hore swore they would never
sail in a ship again on which ?.late March
j was an oflicer. While In Kobe the cook
and five of the sailors deserted, but wore
causht and put aboard again by the Brit
ish Consul. During- the voyajro they re
fused duty and wore put in irons. The
rest of the crew had to do double duty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
AJDV EETISEMENTB.
| Let the big
I store make
I an estimate I
1 on your
1 Alaskan outfit. j
r 1 fbod # clothing
| and! utensils.
I Everything
I under one r&of,
Goods properly
packed aiid deJ-
': ivered on time.
g _»B»* and
h> * C"o»«l<cr»'Sl_te OLau_ < ai<ft,r'. fifl j
MUWYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong Asuertions as to Jnst What
the Remedies Will Do.
__«<~~N_ Munyon fuarsntees
Ite^^ "¦ Ji^W l? at hi ' Rb«n_aatism
jfV«;;^i --¦jf'W Cure will cure nesrly
Fsf^^ : <&& tirm - 1 » hw hours,
i £*& I^.4^ that Lss Cure
%'Jjl •£'¦>£ wlu cure sril
f.'T JTOu- —Slttf * v f-caaru trouble*
yf 6&p*Uf:s*ff tin his Kidney Cure
V ' fcwKp WUI cure W) per cen-.
'i y^t^J" *3 ** ' ; 1 cases of tirin-.
\ C l l^ Uouble; that his Ca
JV- * t s?i.'7 tsrrh Cure •will cur»
catarrh no matter how
I fgr&^^JCPiZ^. '"as starxilnj; tLat his
V^l^si___l_. *}'Af H«-i<!sr!i«- Oaro will cure
»TI i iff/ acj bid of besdacie in
i I F' a few minutes; ths*
• b!« Cold Cure wi:i
quietly tirrat np am
Ira of cold na<! no rm tl.rcusb the entire list uf
t«'E:edlci. At 2!! dncsisti". _> cpnt« a rial
If jc*3 n»p<| tr)<f::r.-:i tdvir^ Trrl:^ Trof Mudtoo
b- lfiO6 Arcb st. Pbtta. It Is absolitte;y tn«.
i ' " '"" ' "" " — — — — - - 11
/£ **\ STRiCTLY
0 A RELIABLE
l^fi DR. TALCOTT
fV^^'A Disease*: and Week-
1 vSIH MEN ON LY.
V j / Entire Upper Floor.
_* 1
f^4* FAVOEBD7E
M trOaWEAKWOWf-gM.
|^^^ WONDERFUL
\ t!^^ luUuu,
R PXURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLIVKF.NOWNED
"Marnetle Elastic Tmts" Dr. Pierce tave to
the public the noit remarkable remedy erer
«l»covered Tor the "jece*sful treatment of Her-
n'a cr Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hay»
hevh permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this treat appliance, and* thousands or otfceri
are now en ths road to complete recovery. This
Trur* Is different from all others. It does tb*
W Tou can ret <rar -"BOOKLET No. 1" br eall-
•lrr st the ofP.ce, or It will be sent on receipt of
a »-c<nt stamp. It tell* all about this Truss.
"mTgnetic fla^tictru^sco.,
C_O ilarket Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San FrancUco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
Dninnn The fo vp re<s passage-
£ CtidvvJ wa >' connecting these
two Immense struc-
————— tures places under
_ one management 1400
t\ -y\ f\ rooms, " SX»i of which
d-lvl have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
————— erg f r om every section
/nj j of the world recognize
ll T pQTlfl and appreciate the
v * * l ** lvl comforts and conveni-
_________ ences offered by these
hotels..
TJ-.f rk ] r , American plan. Eu-
nULfc/lb ropean plan.
AMUSEMENTS.
Takily resort-el campo.
OPEN' EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-flve minutes' ride on the bay In that
large magnificent steamer. Uklah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing, boating, plenty of shade, re-
frfthments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. 25 tents for the round trip, including
admission to the grounds. Children between
S and IS rears of age 15 cents.''
X>eave Tlburon ferry, foot of Market street.
10:30 a. m.. 1 and * p. m. Leave El camjio
11;- t> bi., S t nd Sp. m. ,
7The situation shows no change whatever.
BKANb— Bayos. $3&3 25; small White, J3 23(3)
X BO; large White. J3 20@3 25; Pink. $2 25@2 90:
Red, -$3@3 50; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $5 25; Pea, $3 40© 3 50; Red Kidneys,
»3 50® 4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
THE STOCK MARKET.
" There was more activity on the morning ses
sion, of , the Bond Exchange than for some
little time, but the feeling was Weak in the
sugar stocks and Spring Valley Water de
clined to $93 and Gas and Electric to $47. '. ,
la the afternoon business continued active.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. April 26.
Stms Na-varro, Jensen. 10 hours from Bowens
SUnr^Luella, Miller. 57 hours from San
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro. Ward. 30 days
from Hunjjkong. via Yokohama li>n days, via
Honolulu 7 days 10 hours.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfieth. 30 hours from,
Crescent City. ?
U S stmr Sherman. Grant, 28 days from Ma
nila, via Naassakl 17 days.
Br stmr Flintshire, lawyer. 34 days from Ma
nila, via Naeasaki 23 days.
Br ship Nile. McCallum. 23 days from Kobe.
April 22. lat 3S N. lon 31 "W— Br ship Ben
De.irg: from Seattle, for Liverpool.
March 30. lat IS S. lon 36 W— Br shio Afoa
Alaw. from Swansea, for San Francisco.
March 21. lat 8 N. lon 2S W— Fr bark Cana
bronne. hence Dec 10. for Chemainus.
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDON. Arril 23— Br ship Annie Thomas.
from Cardiff, for Acapulco. has been posted la
Lloyds as misslns.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
April 26. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
¦a : • *
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. APRIL 27.
Sun rises... 5:13
Sun setsl.J %-JSA
Moon rises 3:53 a. m.
O • Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
!» L W H W L W H V,'
77 ... 3:43 0.1 10:28 5.0 J:3B 1.9 10.00 6.1
28 ... 4:32 —4.4 11:24 6.0 4:20 2.3 10:40 6.2
» ... -5:21-0.7 12:19 4.3 5:03 2.8 11:20 «.2
10... 6:10-0.8 1:14 4.S 5:47 2.9
HWLW H W L W
1 ... 0:00 S.O 7:00-0.7 1:10 4.7 «:33! 3.1
2 ... 0:44 5.7 7:50—0.5 3:06! 4.6 7:27 3.3
3 ... 1:32 5.4 8:42— V.2 4:03| 4.5 8:331 3.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Elves thr;
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The helshts
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when ' a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the heleht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TACOMA— Arrived April 26— Schr E X Wood,
hence April 9.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 28— Schr Maggl*
C Russ. from OlymDia.
Sailed April 26— Schr Expansion, for Grays
Harbor.
Arrived April 25— Schr J M Colman. from Port
Blakeley. >
REDONDO — Arrived April 26 — Bark Vldette.
from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 25— Br bark Holy
wootl, from Tacoma.
Sailed April 25— Stmr Excelsior, for Valdes;
stmr Cottage City, for Skaguay; stmr Dirlgo,
for Skacuay.
Arrived April 26 — Stmr Humboldt. from Skag
uay.
Sailed Asril 26— Schr Abble F Morris, for
Cane Nome.
PORT CRESCENT-Passed AdHI 28— U S
stmr lowa, hence April 23. for Seattle.
I'SAl^— Sailed Ai>rll 2t— Stmr Westnort. for
San Francisco.
EL" 11EK A— Sailed April Iv-Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco; stmr Despatch, for Sup Fran-
Arrived ADrll 25— Br bark Collingrove. from
S TOUT* GAMP.LE— Sailed Aaril 26— Schr Fred
E Sander, for l.'aoe Nome.
EASTERN PORT.|
NEW TORK— Arrived April 2S-Br stmr
Athos. from Tolon,
FOUniGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Arrll IS— Br ship Lyd
gate. for Oregon.
FlJl— Arrived March 21— Br stmr Victorious,
hence Feb 23.
DUBLIN-Arrlved April 23— Br ship Alcinous.
from Oregon.
ANJER— Passed April 25— Br bark Strathern.
from Norfolk, for Manila. She signalled her
carso was heated,
OL'AYMAS— Arrived April 28— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence April 17.
NANAlMO— Arrived April 23— Nor stmr Tlta
nia, hence April 20. and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
HONOLCLU— Arrived- A^ril 17— Haw bark
¦Himalaya, from Newcastle-. Aus: bark Sonoma,
from Newcastle. Aus. April IS— Stmr City
of Rio de Janeiro, from Yokohama.
Sailed April 17— Bktn Palmyra, for Port
Towns?nd: bktn Echo, for Port Townsend; schr
Marie E Smith, for Port Townsend.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed ADril 20— Rusa stmr
¦ Dalny Vostok. for Tacoma.
Sailed March 2*— Ger ship Peru, for Che
mainus.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— Arrived April 26-Stmr Co
lombia, from. New York, via Plymouth for
Hambrt:.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 26— Stmr Maaa
dam, from New York.
Sailed April 26— Stmr Rotterdam, for New
York.
BREMEN— Arrived April 2S— Stmr Lahn, from
New York.
QCKENSTOWX — Arrived . Ajrll 2S — Stmr
Rhynland. for Liverpool. *
Sailed Arril 26— Stmr Pennland. from Liver
pool, for Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Arrived A?ril 25— Stmr Barce
lona, from Hamburr: stmr Germanic, from
Liverpool.
Sailed April 2K— Stmr La Touraine. frvr Havre;
stmr Bremen, for Rremen. via Southampton:
stmr Georcia. for Naples, etc.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Arrll 26— Stmr Colum
bia, from New. York, for Hamburg. vi\ Cher
bOMTZ.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April 2*-Stmr Penn
land. for Philadelphia.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Arril 28-Stmr Kals«r
Friederlc.il, for New York.
CLEAP.ED
Thursday. April 28.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San DieKo; Ooodall.
Perkins & Co. "' . . ,
Ship Pt Nicholas. Brown. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Br ship Jessemene, Thomas. Queenstown; O
Bark Acate, Bergman. Bristol Bay; Bristol
Schr TwtUsht, Centhen. Klhel and Fanning
Island; J WlKhtman Jr.
SAILED.
Thursday. April 28.
Ptmr TJmatllla. Cousins, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Luella. Miller. .
tftmr Del Norte. Allen. Astoria, etc.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Brags.
Stmr Francis Cutting. Walker, Kodiak.
Stmr Newsboy. Walvlir, Usal.
U S stmr Bear. Tuttle. Seattle.
Br stmr Warfleld. Petti e. Chemainus.
Br ship Clan Galbralth. Barker. Queenstown.
Bark Edward May. Hansen. Honolulu.
Pchr Mary C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Churchill. Treaner. Grays Harbor.
Schr Ralph J Long. Islgkelt. Sluslaw River.
Schr Mary E Kuss. .Wikender. Tacoma.
«chr Luisa D. Dickson. Cape Xome.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS, April 26, 10 p in — Weather
hazy; 'wind NW. velocity 20 miles.
COLLISION*.
HONOLULU. April 17— Bktn Echo, leaving
Honolulu on the 17th in tow collided with Nor
bark Fortuna. striking her on port quarter,
carrying away Fortuna' s rail. Broke the water
ways and lift of spanker boom; also broke sky
light and after rail and companion way; wheel
aso damaged. Echo lost her martingale and all
head-ear.
SPOKES.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NFV." TORK, April 26.— The stock market de
veloped an Impressive chow of strength dur
ing the latter part of to-day. The principal
Influence in the rise was a resumption of the
upward movement in Pennsylvania and Balti
more and Ohio Mock. The recent reaction in
these Btocks has boen accompanied by rumors
that Important cpeculative Interests which had
lc»n prominent in the advance had cold out
and taken their profits. The news of the very
heavy outlaye Jn prospect for permanent bet
trrment and increafied Ehipmenti awakened
pome apprehen*ion of dividend Increases being
lrideflr.itfly postponed, not only on Pennsyl
vania Etock. but on Baltimore and Ohio and
many ethers which have been subject to ru
mors of increased dividends, but to-day the
report of a probable Increase In the Penn
sylvania dividend rate took form again and
ru circulated with tr*-> explicitnegg. Blfli
were made en the board for the next eemi
anniul dividend on Pennsylvania on thousands
of shares cf stock :*» per cent, compared with
2^4 per cent the last rate. The meeting of
the directors for the purpose of fixing the
dividend rate is fixed fcr Tuesday next. These
r«-port» In regard to Pennsylvania had the
ruo«t Indirect influence in IJaitimore and Ohio
¦toclce next to i'czinsy] va.nta ltseir, but the
whole railroad list rerjKmded in varying de
l^ee« to the Influence of this movement. These
pools, whose operations for a rise were in
terrupted by the i-teel and wire episode, re
turned their operation? to some extent. This
•was notably true of the Gould Southwestern
group, which are subjects of teeming rumors
of prospective combinations or consolidations.
The dtterm'.hPd firmness of Sugar and Its
liuoyant upturn later had a sympathetic effect
ob the market. The movement Is etill at
tributed to the demand from tn«> thorta. but
the many assertions of favorable developments
In the tra<?e war may have had their effect.
A number of unusually favorable railroad
statement* had a strengthening effect on the
market. Increase in net earnings for March
were reported by the Atchlßon, Topeka and
Jianta Fe of 53 per cent; by the Hocking VaJ-
Uef Kallrfiid of 105 p*r cent, and by the Cen
truJ of Georgia of 20 por cent. Returns of
ktors earnings for the third week in April
were al?o uniformly favorable. Thene factors
of strength caused growing uneasiness among
the rather w leldy nhort Interest and the de
mand from that element had no small part
In the rallj- in the market. Thf« unsteadiness
cf the sterling exchange market to-day gave
ground for renewed doubt as to the continuance
for the present of the gold export, movement.
The etrong return of the Hank of England
fcr the Wf-ek as w«-ll ac that of the Imperial
1 ..-.:•. of Germany hzu& some effect on the ex
change market. The FUb-treaeury's debit bal
ance at the clearing-house showed a further
decline to-day, falling to $300,M>9, compared
with the recent average of over a million-dol
lars. If this replenishment to the money mar
krt is cut off it may serve to prevent the out
ward flow of jrold.
The bond market showed increasing ac-
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, April 28.— The corn market opened
erratically because many had expected a rush
of selling orders, in place of which some of
the Influential people were buyeri. The In
fluences were the strength of Liverpool, par
ticularly for spot, and the reports of delay in
seeding due to the rains. A broad general
demand developed at the start and the price
went up on the Jump, longs, shorta and traders
buying as If there was 'nothing in the world
worth having save corn. At the top the de
mand slackened and In proportion the offerings
Increased. The cash business was poor and
New York reported only ten loads taken for
export— a poor showing in comparison with
recent export business. Under these conditions
the market proceeded to relinquish Its early
gaim and the result was a weak close. May
ranged from 40»»c to 33% c and closed Vie down
at 33»,£c; July, from 4iVJc to 40% c, closing
Ko9ic depressed at 4O'.± 1 940% c. Receipts here
were 14S cars. Trade early was characterized
by great activity, but the later part of the
session the animation was much less marked.
In the wheat pit at the opening disappoint
ment was felt at the cables, which did not
reflect the advance here yesterday. In ad
dition to this the weather wan reported per
fect and the crop proipects good. With these
things In mind the beginning of trade saw
the market easy and depressed. The corn
strength, however, was felt almost Immediately
and under that Influence wheat rallied, shorts
covering freely. The cash business was very
slack and the trade in futures most of the
time quiet. With the talent bearish the break
In corn was readily .followed, early buyers
Felling out. The close was weak. May ranged
from 66V»c to 65% c and closed H@%c down at
er.^fjC.'.Vic; July opened at 67?4c to 67V4c. ' ad
vanced to 67"4 c and declined to 67c, closing at
that figure, -} 4 c under yesterday.
Oats were steady at one time, but finished
weak In sympathy with the wind-up In corn
and wheat. Even at the periods of the great
est strength In corn and wheat 1 this market
responded very heavily. The cash demand waa
reported poor and the good weather had a
depressing effect generally. Local receipt*
were 132 cars. May ranged from 23V4c to 23!^@
23'/4c, and closed V4@Vic under yesterday at
23 '1,1} 23 1ie: July sold from 23% c to 23H&23 I >c
and closed H@ ;> £c down at 23?4®23V6c.
Lard was the main item in the provision mar
ket. There waa a big trade and the tone was
firm. July pork closed 2Vfe<3sc lower at $12 £5'
July closed a shade lower at $7 25@2 27« i; July
ribs closed a shade depressed at $7 07^.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as- follows: Flour,
steedy; No. 2 red, 63'£<^70^4c: No. 2 corn, 39'jiji
40& c; No. Z oats, 24%(ff25c; No. 2 white, 27V 4 @
2S>f.c; No. 3 white. 27§28Uc; No. 2 rye, 64Hc;
No. 2 barley. 40V4@44c; No. 1 flaxseed. il 73;
prime timothy eeed. $2 35; mess pork, per bar
rel. Jll 75@12 SO; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 HXg7 23;
ehort ribs sides (loose), $S 95ifJ7 20; dry ¦ salted
shoulders (boxed). 6%@7c; short clear • sides
(boxed). $7 &o<B7 60; whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per gallon, $1 25>£; sugars, cut loaf, 6.00 c;
granulated, 5.44 c.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 S5 l «
Storling Exchange, sight — 4 sav 4
Sterling Cables — 4 9UV«
New York Exchange, sight — 17Va
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — ba\
Mexican Dollars 4S'^ 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris, were both firm.
Chicago opened steady and quiet, but fell oft
half a cent. The tscntiment was more bearish
on the absence of demand, the Indifference of
European buyers and showers In the North
west. Later on' there was a rallying tendency
on the strencth 4n Corn.
The local market was easy and dull.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 95®3tiVic; milling,
97V,C<&$1. .:',- • _ „..,„„
CALL BOARD SALES.
In-formal S*»<*sion— 9:ls o'clock— December —
26.000 ctls $1 04.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 0374;
4000, $1 04.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 04; May— 2ooo. 95c.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctla, 94% c; 2COO,
54»ic: December— 6ooo. $103^: 20.000. $103%.
BARLEY— The drying north wind blowing
pretty much all over the State Is affecting the
market, and as there is an Improving local
demand the tendency is toward an advance.
Quotations are already up a fraction. In ad
dition, the local millers allowed their stocks
to run down In expectation of a break, and
have started in to buy again. Spot supplies
are small, but there is plenty in the country.
Feed 7r.@77V.c for No. 1 and 70®.2V 2 c for oft
grades'; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@!>7^c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls 77Hc.
Second Session— No j<ales.
Regular Morning Session— No pales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 74c.
OATS— The market rules firm at the advance,
and dealers report a continuation of the de
"white. $1 10@l 30; Red. $I@l 17%: Gray,
$107^116; Black, $I@l 07%. ,, M ,,^
COIIN-Eastern White is quoted at $1 02V4f8>
1 07»4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 15©1 20
per ctl; mixed, $1 12H@1 15 per ctl.
RYE— esyi)7'/jc per ctl.
BUCKWIIK AT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China eteamer took but 17.123 barrels
FLOUR— California family extras. S3 60®>3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— I'ricea In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 12 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour $2 75; Ry«
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Xleal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $3 2 a ®3 60; Buck
wheat Flour $4©4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 25,
Farina. 4 50; Whole' Wheat Flour, J3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6®7 25; In sacks, $5 ia<&7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 60 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Bran continues weak and quiet. Hay and
Middlings are as before.
BRAN— $l2^l3 per ton. ?¦ ;-. ¦/;,-
MIDDLINGS— U7@2O Per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 60© 28 ; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
J25; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 GO;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY Wheat.' $7@9 for common to Kood; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
$6 50©9; Oat, $6® 8; Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa. $6®
7 60 per ton.
STRA"\V-25@35c pe* bale.
Beans and Seeds
Mustard, 4H@4%c; Flax. $1 90® 2 20; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9@loc; Rape. 2M.@3c; Hemp. 4@4!4c;
Timothy, 4©4Vic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 80
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions stand about the same.
Vegetables are in good supply and generally
weak.
Receipts werfe 711 boxes Asparagus, 622 boxes
Rhubarb, 937 sacks Peas and 777 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 4O<g7oc per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 60@90c; New Potatoes, lU@l%c.
ONIONS— New Red, $1 50@2 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 35c@$l per box;
Asparagus, 75c@$l 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 50®2 for No. 1 and J2 25@2 50 for fancy large;
Green Peas, 75c(g$l per sack Tor common and
2@2',£c for Garden; String Beans, s@Sc for Los
Angeles and B®loc for Vacaville; Horse Beans,
75c@$l per sack; Cabbage. 40550 c; Tomatoes. $1
<Tf2; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, B@l2V>c: Dried
Okra, 32»£c per lb; Garlic, 3c: Green Peppers
from Los Angeles, B®l2Vic; Dried Peppers, 85j!
10c; Carrots, 25535 c per sack; Los Angeles
Summer Squash, $1 23151 50 per box; Cucumbers,
25c@$l per dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $40 per
ton.
, Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues firm, supplies being light,
the only exception belrg small broilers, which
are lower.
POULTRT — Live Turkeys. il@l2c for Goo
blera and 13@14c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $4 50@5 60
for old and $6<{?7 for' young; Hens, {15085 50;
Young Roosters. 16 50^7; Old Roosters. $4 25®
4 50; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers, $3 50@4 50 for
large and $2 50@3 for smail; Pigeons, $1 75(32 per
dozen lor old and $1 7u&2 for Squaba.
GAME— -Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Egg market Is badly mixed, owing to the
pernicious system of contracting on newspaper
quotations, which Is not good business pro
cedure and la goln? to make trouble for some
body, sconer or later. Thus, 17c Is being paid
in Fetaluma, because the San Francisco papers
quote this figure, and the Eggs are brought to
this city and sold at 18c. which, of course,
ought to be the quoted price. But If 19c were
quoted, then the San Francisco merchant
would have tn get 19c, and the next day 20c,
and. so on, until the price would be above what
the toods were selling for, which would stop
this whole foolish business, which is getting
to be boyish. It Is safe to say that In no
other city in the United States is such fool
ishness shown in a market as that displayed
in the handling of Eggs In San Francisco.
Butter is very firm. Cheese stands the same.
HI.'TTKK—
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 17 I /iSlBc; seconds,
17c.
Dairy— Fancy. 16t£S17c; good to choice, 14<9
16c; common, 14c.
CHEESE— New. 7ViiiSc: Young America, iii
£'¦.?: Eastern. I?fil7e: Western 15@16c per Ih.
EGGS— Quoted at ll^loc for' store and lC®
17!£ per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cherries hold up well, as there was a shlp
pinff demand, though' receipts continued to in
crease. Berries and citrus fruits stood about
the same.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLKS~7Sc®tJ rer box.
STRAWBERRIES-$3'S5 per chest for large
and $7@il for small berries. Receipts were
252 chests. Blackberries from the south, .
CHERRIES— SocSJI per box for common red
and white and Ssc®sl 50 for black. Receipts
were 6CS boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25®2 75
per box: Seedlings. 75cig{l 75; Lemons, $I®l 50
for common and $2@2 50 for Kood to choice;
Mexican Limes. $404 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 5C®4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 3»ic for
40-30' s, 3U,c for 50-60' s, 3»,ic for 6<l-70's, 3^3>4e for
7(?-S0'», 2*i(S3c for SO-90"r and Z^c for 90-lCO's;
Apricots. 9#lCc for Royals and ICQUc for
Moorparks; Peaches, 4Vi{fse for Srar.dards, 5c
for choice and 6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10J?
12^c; Evaporated Apples. sVi©6c; Sunrdried, 3®
4c per lb; Pears, 3V>SJ4V'C for dark and 7'<?Sc for
bright halves; Black Fics, l%9Zc; White Figb.
2©3 c; Bleached Plums, 7Vic; unbleached Plums.
6c for Pitted and me for unpitted.
RAISINS — BJeached. Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. Sc; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
b'.eached Thompson's, per" lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb., 8V»c; choice, 7^c; standard, 6Ug;
prime, oc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless--,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. s*sc;
3-crown, 6'ic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crnvn, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, U 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. Ail
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping poinid
in California.
NUTS — Walnuts, B@9c for standards and
!'4ilCc for softshells: Almonds. UH®l2c for
paper shell, "J^lOc for soft and.4@sc for hard
shell. Peanuts, b^diey-yic for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts, VA&ic Filberts,- 12fc
12Vjc. Pecans, Il!gl3c. Cocoanuts. $4 5C@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll! 2 <Ql2c for bright and lO^iS
lie for llcht amber: water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted. 7V»'G"Vic; dark.
sV*i?6c rer lb.
BEES WAX— 24® 26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market is steadily getting duller,- and
there is no more talk of an advance.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie i«-r !b for heavy,
lie for light medium. 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14«ic for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13Mi<gl4c: Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl- extra MeEs, Jl3; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork Jl4 W&1J: extra clear, $19: Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12'.£{tl3e per lb.
LARl>— Tierces qu.ited at 7@Sc per lb for
compound and BV-<U9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 9V*c; 10-lb tins. 9«; c: 5-lb tins,- lOV4O
COTTOLENE — Tierces. S*»WBHc per lb; half
barrels, S}4<B^T»c; 10-lb tins, 9V4C.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands s»!I
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10011 c; medium, 9%c; 41ght, ili^c; Cowhides,
95914 c; Stags, 7e; Salted Kip, 9®9^c; Calf, 10c;
Dry Hides, sound. 18S19c; culls and brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16gi7c; Dry Calf. 19®
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15$?C0c each; short
Wool. Zh<Qff)c each; medium, 70@/0c; long Wool,
$l@i 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 25@3 for large
and \\ 25@1 75 for small; Colts, 2.5@50c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
SOc: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, s®sHc per lb; No.
2 401Hc: refined. 6'.4c; grease, 2^@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is Quotable as follows:
Northern free. lG@lSe; Northern defective, 13ft!
16c; Middle County, free. 15@17c; Middle
County defective. 13t?15c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12® 14c: do. free. 7 months'. 12615 c;
do. defective. 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendocino, 20@23c; Nevada, 16@lSc per lb.
HOPS— €®9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF — 6©7 c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6V^9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethere. 7@7&c; ewes, 6Hft7c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. S®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%@-6Hc for small and
medium and sVfc@saic for large-; stock Hogs and
feeders EV4@sVtc; dressed Hogs, 7@BVic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%<ffS&c; Wool Bags, 2S^«32'ic;
Fleece Twine. 7»ic ' ' «.." .
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton;. new Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6 50; Bryant, J6 50; Coos Bay, J5; Wallsend, JS;
Co-operative Wallsend, $S;' Cumberland, Jl2 in
bulk and Jl3 2. r . in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. 514; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and U7 In sacks; Castle Uate
anil Rock Springs. $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining- Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.50 c; Powdered.
5.COc; Candy Granulated, 5.10 c; Dry Granulated,
sc; Confectioners' A, sc: Magnolia A, 4.60 c;
Extra C. 4.50 c; Golden C, 4.40 c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more:
EO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domino*.
half-barrels. 5.75 c; boxes, 6c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, April 26.
Flour, qr sks.... 6.350 Hay, tons 308
Wheat, ctls 62.701 Middlings, sks .. 322
Barley, ctls ..-.. 7.000 Bran, sks 322
Oats, ctls 5,330 Onions, sks 236
Corn, ctla 415 Potatoes, sks .... 921
Rye, ctls 370 Sugar, sks 400
Cheese, ctls . 218 Wine, gals 15,050
Tallow, ctl3 215 ERga,- doz ..• '22,300
Butter, ctls 710 Sugar, bbls 52
Pelts, bdla 233 Quicksilver, flks. 70
Hides, No 233 Lime, bbls 1«2
Wool, bales 372 Leather, r0115.... 65
Flour, qr sks .... L 124!
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, April 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14,355 barrels; exports. 12.562 barrels, without
feature apart from steadiness; Minnesota pat
ents. $3 70£3 90; winter extras, $2 60@2 85.
WHEAT— Receipts, 42.F.00; exports, 111.740.
bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 7S f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red. 75% elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 75*4 f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No.
1 hard Duluth. 77* i f. o. b. afloat.
Options alter opening a trifle easy this morn
ing because of tine crop news and unsatisfac
tory cables, firmed up sharply with corn.
Scalpers covered and upheld the market until
afternoon, when realizing ensued and prompted
a set back, helped by disappointing export
business. Closed weak at Wi He net decline.
May, 72 H-lC^i73» a c, closed 72\c; July, 73'fi
73^. closed 73i s c; September, 73* 4 <g74Uc, closed
72&ic
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOLr-Dull
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice.
7"* c; mild, quiet: Cordova. »%®l3Hc Futures
closed steady, with prices 5@15 points net
lower. Total sales reported 33.500 bags, ln
cludinc: May. $0 70: June. $7 75; July. {6 SO;
A'.igust. $6 8096 £5; September, $6 Sstf?6 90; Oc
tober. f$ 95; November. J6 Si; December, $7 15
Q7 20. :..¦>. ¦ ,-;
SUGAR— Raw. steady; refined, quiet.
PUTTER— Receipts. 3317 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 15%'SlSc; factory 1 . 13S14HC.
EGGS — Receipts, 15,737 packages; steady;
storage Western at mark, 12H®13c; regular
packing at mark, l2*?l2Hc; Southern at mark,
11©12>4C.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. April 26.— The market for evap
orated arples continues to hold steady in the
ahstnee of sellers at fully sustained prices.
California dried fruits ruled dull," but steady
at unchanged pricps.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
J^^Sc; prime, s}i'g6c; choice, 7@7!4c; fancy,
'CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3^@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13«Inc; Moorpark. l.VaiSc
PEACHES— PeeIed, lSti22c; unpeeled, 7' 2 Q3c.
* — *
Chicago Grain Market.
tivlty and strength to-flay. Total sales, par
value, :2,35(J.w0. , , i.,*
United States bonds were unchanged In bid
prtc«.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares 11 *
fc^ld. Stock— Bid 
6.H-0 Atchiswn •
16,!-70 Atchi&un preld '}<*
IO.iW ifeuUmorr tc Ohio »•>;:!
Canadian Facilic So I,*1 ,* [
100 Canada Southern *** J
1.43J Chtsai^ake 4i Ohio 31v 8
1.4u0 Chicago Great Western !¦>:»
«,C3O Chu-auo. Burlington & Quincy 127*
Chicago, Ind & Louisville -^Va
Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd s<Vj
€00 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 104 Vs
4'J) Chicago A: Northwestern 163
2,130 Chicago, Hock Island & Pacific 109V4
410 C C C «: St Louis »!'**
100 Coloradu Southern
li 6 Colorado Ist prefd 42
Colorado Southern 2d prefd lti 1 -!
11l Delaware & Hudvon Uj* !
200 Delaware, Lackawanna & Western.. li»V* |
431> ]>enver & Hio Grande 2"'*
COO Denver & Hio Grande prefd 1W
Erie 13 "'n
600 Erie Ist prefd f>
100 Great Northern prefd »7Ji
100 Hocking Coal l'H
1,445 Hocking Valley ?«»
440 Illinois Central Iwi
130 lowa Central t --••• JJH
W0 lowa Central prefd
1»00 KanEas City, I'ittsburg & Gulf IS
215 Lake Erie & Western 32
I^ake Krle &. Western prefd ?a
16» Lake tfhore 2 '*>
6.020 Louisville & Nashville ».>*»
«.ISO Manhattan Elevated 93 7 »
3,460 Metropolitan Street Railway 15'J 1 ,
500 Mexican Central 13 s *
SOO Minneapolis £ St Louis 64 1 *
Mlr.ne«polis & St Louis prefd -*o
11.653 Missouri PaciHc i' x * |
Mobile & Ohio ** |
Missouri. Kansas & Texas II 1 * i
1.400 Missouri. Kans & Texas prefd 3S>«
1.000 New Jersey Central Hi* 1 * j
6.i:7 New York Central ISj l^
€.010 Norfolk & Western 3SV^
1.303 Norfolk & Western preM 7»
10,000 Northern Pacific !>s'*
235 Northern Pacific prefd 76 1^
1,400 Ontario & Western io a » I
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42 I
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76 |
61.645 Pennsylvania 13»H
100 Heading 19
12.750 Heading Ist prefd GO 1 * j
400 Reading 2d prefd 31' i ;
Rio Grande Western 50 I
Rio Grande Western prefd S2
700 bt Louis & Fan Francisco 10% |
St Louis & Fan Fran Ist prefd 69
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35U
550 St Louis. Southwestern 12 : -g j
2.510 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 31"-» j
t.620 Ft Paul 120' 8 |
Bt Paul trefd 173 1
St Paul & Omaha 116
19.760 Southern Pacific 37-i j
1.400 Southern Railway 13 T « j
1.47.". Southern Railway prefd IS\ I
7.53H Texas & Pacific 13 T *
15.255 Tnlon Pacific J-7S.
l.P2'i Vnion Pacific prefd "JS
23,ir«) Wabash 8\ I
15.6:>> Wabash rrefd tZ%
3.nrHs_Wheelir.K & L E lO'i
1,2W Wheeling & L E 2d prefd : 29H
400 Wisconsin Central I" I,*1 ,*
Kxpress Companies —
Adams 120
....... American 148
Vr.itcd States 48
Wells-Fargo 125
Miscellaneous —
230 American Cotton Oil 33<i
American Cotton Oil prefd 96
American Malting 4
American Maltlr.f? prefd 2H4
1,f>12 American Smelting & Refng 3S
20 1 ) American Smelting & Refng prefd.. S^'4
American Spirits 2.a
! American Spirit!! prefd IT
?.3O American Stfel Hwp 27
SOO American Sfel Hoop prefd 75
7,350 American Steel & Wire 41%
I.CIO American Steel & Wire prefd 79v;
230 American Tin Plate 27* i i
$10 American Tin Plate prefd 79
6,000 American Tobacco 103%
American Tobacco prefd 133
475 Ar.aconda Mining Co 45% I
8,775 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75
1.610 Colorado Fuel & Iron 42 7 4
4,300 Continental Tobacco ?0»i
1.420 Continental Tobacco prefd Sl'i
5,570 Federal PteM 43%
610 Federal Steel prefd 71 I
LOSo General Electric 137 H !
450 Glucose Sugar i'j\
110 Glucose Suirar profd PS
1.55? International Par-er 23»4
1,440 Intornational Paper prefd cc*
Laclede Gas 71^4.
200 National Piscuit 3314
National Hlpcuit prefd ?S
National Lead 22H
National Lead prefd lot
600 National Steel •. y,zi
National Steel prefd 9t,
New York Air Brake 125
4<y> North American 15
400 Pacific Coast Mi£
Pacific Coast Ist prc-fd ?2 j
Pacific foaft 2d prefd 61 I
1.42S Pacinc"Mail 2214
27.9K0 People's Gas ; IOITi 1
100 Pressed .Steel Car "47 I
Pressed Steel Car prefd " Sl'4 i
2.479 Pullman Palace Car is7V. '
100 Standard Rope & Twine " r/.Z \
137.«7r, Pupar !.".11S " I
23ft Suirar prefd m i
1.610 TnniefE*! 1 Coal & Iron "fo'i i
2.25S t'nited States Leather " ix 2
i,400 T'nlted States Leather prefd " 70»i
600 I'nitod States Rubber 3>>it
T'liHod States Rubber prefd .' 57
410 Western t.'nlnn sis;
250 Republic Iron & SteM " IS iJ
Republic Iron & Steel prefd "" '.¦j.i?
P C C & St Louis "¦ 6:3 *
100 Third Avenue xOS',i
£33,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2<is refdg . Do 4s 931 '
(when Iseue-J) IO2H|N V Cen Ist? 110*4
t>o 2» reg »js N J Cen gen 55...123-4
Do 3s reg 10b%»;N Car 6s 1271,
Do Ss coup IOOVs Do 4s '106
Do new 4s r*g...133 N Pac 2s 6SS4
I>o 4S coup 134 Do 4s v 1O3»*
Do old 4s reg..-.114 NYC & S L 45.. 106U
Do 4s coup 114 Nor & W con 45... S7*i
Do 5s re* 112 Do gen 6s 124
Do Fis coup 113«4 Ore Nay lsts.... 108
Dls of Col 3.655... .121 Do -4s '\<n
Atchison gen 4s 100* i Do Short Line 6s'rB'-i
Do a<ll 4s .' S4>; Do con 5s 114?
Can South 2ds 107H Read Gen 4s S8&»
Ch»« & Ohio 4%5.. S9^|R G West lste.... S9
Do 6s 120^iS L. & I M con ss.Ho>i
C& XW con "8...145 Do B F Gen 6s 124
Do S F deb 65. ..122 St Paul con. '.. 172U
Chicago Term 45.. 95 Do C & Pac lsts l»0
D & R G 4s 104H Do Ss !¦>¦>
Do 4s S9>4 South Ry Ga '."ll^ii
X T V & a lsts-.lo2Vi;£tan R & T 6s. 7iv£
FW& D C l»t 72>/iiTenn new eet 3b..". SS'^
Erie General 45.... 73HIT & Pac lsts . ll r .i«
General Elec 58...120H 1 Do 2ds 60
Gal II & S A 63. ..107 Union Pac 45...."105 ii
Do 2ds 110 Wabash lsts ... us
H& T Cen £s 111% Do 2ds '.i,) 3
Do con 6s 110 West Shore 4s. 113%
lowa Cen Ist* 113',i Wis Cen lsts S2
X C P & G lsts.. 73 Vlr Centuries n\i
La new con 4s 10S 1 ,* Do deferred 5'
L& N unl 4s 100 Co! & South 45.... R3
MX t T 2ds SO South Pac 4s S3'4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar '¦ 20] Ontario % 25
Crown Point 12:Ophlr to
I Con Cal & Va 1 40|Plymouth jj
i Deadwood tO .Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry...- 20! do prefd 7 {,0
Hale & Norc 30, Sierra Nevada S6
Homeatake DO 00 Standard 3a
Iron Silver 60;C n | on Con ig
Mexican 26 1 Yellow Jacket is
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Pacific C7'i
Call loans 3H@*ttiWeet End 93
Time loans 4(Si|\Vesting-h Ulee 4714
Stocks — I Bonds —
! Atchison 27 Atchison 4s :ICO
¦ do prefd 71>V|N E G & Coke 6s. 6&! i
Am Sugar .118 Mining shares
do prefd 111% (Adventure 4V4
Bell Telephone 340 jAllouez Mining Co 1%
BoEton & Albany. .244 JAmalg Copper 32V»
Boston Elevated... l 44 'Atlantic 25 .
Boston & Maine. .lX3 .Boston & Mont 315
Charters.
The Albert leads merchandise for Honolulu.
The Emily Re«-d loads coal at Tacoma fcr
Kahului: Novelty, lumber at l'ort Blakeley for
Oillao, 15*.
Exports of Salmon.
Exports of eatmon from this port during the
first three months of the year were 1D3.71J
cases and 2700 packages, valued at S<"J4,SI3,
acairs- tftt.^S cases and 1300 packages at
?441.«0 during the same time last year.
Imports of Specie.
Import* of epect* at this port durim? the first
three months of the year were $T46.tSJ. against
V, Sr-O.WiO during the Fame time la« year, the
descriptions being as follows: Go'id bullion,
J7l ~.d- gold coin. J79.576: stiver bullion. JCISEII;
silver coin. J76.330 The leading sources were
Mexico 5E37.460. find Hawaiian Islands, J-J.140.
Mercantile Trust Company.
The annual meeting; of the Mercantile Trust
Company cf Pan Francisco was held on the
rith, the following officer* and directors being
elected: Frederick W. Zelle, president; N. D.
Kideout. vice president: John I>empster McKee.
cashier: directors, William Babcock. Warren
I> <"!ark. George Crocker, M. H. Hecht. E.
W. Hopkins. W. G. Irwln. D. O. Mills. James
I> Thflan. Claus Srreckels.
The financial statement for March SL 1900,
end of the first year. is as follows:
RESOURCES
rnltea States bonds J^O.ooo 00
Other bonds 2K«-547 50
Loans on collaterals I.IW.S^S 20
K-al -Mate TS.J27 50
Furniture account 1.0-o 00
Cash in bank and on hand 636,458 66
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid In JMO.OOO W
Profit and loss 21340 C
tnie depositors 1.554...1 .1
Weather Report
ttSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FHANCISCO, April 26. B p. m.
The following are the ee&sonal rainfalls t
date, as compared with those of the sam
date lai=t season and rainfalls In last twenty
four bours:
• Last This Last
Stations— 24 hour*, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 47.98 22.43
Red Bluff 0-00 51-71 19.itf
fWranwnto ©.00 17.32 13.92
San Francisco 0.00 IS. 10 15. 51
Fresno 0.00 7.^3 7.0*
Independence 0.00 2. .9 I.IS
San I-uls OWepO 0.00 15.82 16.31
I.os Angele* 0.00 6.04 4.97
Han Diego O.W 3.54 4.89
yum 8-00 0.79 1.34
Ean Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
X; minimum. 45; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The pressur* hag risen over T.*tah. Nevada
and north to the international boundary- It
has fallen over New Mexico. Arizona and
Southern California.
The tem;>*-rature ha* fallen from 10 to 16 de
crees between the Sierras and the Rocky
:¦: -¦ ::¦- -¦- It has risen about 10 degrees over
Idaho and Eas-terci C&lifornia.
Uain with snow !n the mountains is reported
frcm Utah, Nevada and Arizona.
¦ The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka. 30 miles per hour, from the
northwest: Sacramento. 20.,, from the northwest;
Independence. 3S. north, tnd Lander, 32. from
tlie southeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 27. 1900.
Northern California— Fair Friday, with brisk
northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, with showers in the moun
tains; southwest, changing to light northerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair and warmer Friday.
Utah— Cloudy Friday; continued cold.
Arizona — Cloudy and ur.«*ttled weather Fri
day, with occasional ehowers; continued cold.
:-.i". Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday, not
bo culd; northerly wind*, diminishing in force.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Paauhau declined to $30 73. Gas and Electric
advanced to J4S 25 and Giant Powder to $S3.
Home Oil continues to improve, as will be
seen by the sales.
Justice has levied an assessment of 5 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. "
THURSDAY, April .26— 2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. t Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds — jEquit G L Co. 3 33 1 *
4« quar c0up.. .1t4U114 3 i El Co. — HV:
4s do reg 11414114% [O GL & H.... 46 —
4s do cp new.. 133 — iPac Gas Imp.. 47 l i 43Vi
3s do coup — 110'.i:P;« LCo — 43
Miscellaneous— aVG & E 4S 4S>» i
Cal-Et Cab 55..11S 120 Han Francisco. 4»b 4*s l
C C Water 05.. 107 — IStkn G&ECo 10 —
Ed L & P 65. .130 — j Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 65. .115 — iFirem's Fund.. 226 —
Geary-st R ss. — 92' i: Bank Stocks—
II C & S sVis. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. G4Vi —
Do 5s 105^ — Bank of Cal. -.435 —
L A Ry 5s 104V»105 'Cal S V> & T..104 105
LALCO63...— — ;First National. — 290
Do gntd 65... — — !Lon P & A. ...1324 —
Do gntd ns... 9S 100«^i Merchants' Ex 15 —
LA& P It ss.li>2'4 — Nev Nat Rk... — —
Market-st 65...125>4 — Savings Bank? —
Do Ist m 55..117' A — Ger S& L ISS3 2010
NCN G R 7s. — 114 I Hum S & L... — —
NR of Cal 68.113 1 ; — jMut Say 8k... 43*4 —
N P of Cal 63.115»i — ;S F Say U;.V.512H —
NPC n R 65.104»i — 'Say & L 50... 74 73
Do 5s 107>i — :Sec Say 8k.... — —
X Cal R R 55. 113 114*i' Union T C 0.... — —
Oak G L&HSs.IIO — 1 Street Railroads—
Oak Trans 6s..lU*i — jCallfornia 121»4 —
Oak WCo 55.. — 105 v i Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C 0..107. .107 — iMarket-st Ry.. — 63 1 i
Om CRy 65.... — 12S OS L & H-... — 50
P & Cl Ry 65. 104'- — IVresidto 16 ' —
P&O R R 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.117 — 130 163
Sac L & GR3s. 90 — | Giant Con Co.. 83tf S4
SF & SJV 55.117 — jVierorit 3 l » 3U
3 Ry or Cal 63. 1 ll 1 * — 1 Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 65.. .1141,; — iHana S P Co.. 1% SVi
Do (1905) — 110 I Haw C&S Co — 90
Do (1906) 111^113 iHonokaa S Co. 32^4 —
Do (1912) 119 120 i Hutch S P Co. 24^ —
Do Ist eg 6s. — — iKilauea S Co.. 21 21' a
S P Br 6s 127U127"«:Makawell S Co 47T, —
S V Water 65.. 114^115 Onomea S Co.. — 2S*i
Do 4S 103*il04'i Paauhau S Co. 30% 31
SV W (3d m). 102 — » Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65.. 93 — Al Pack Assn. US 11S%
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.lo6 —
Contra Costa.. 64',± S3 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Jlarlh County. — — Oceanic S Co.. 93H &4Vi
Spring Valley. 93»i — j Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— I Pac C Bor C 0.150. 150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Faint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P... 3«i —
Mornlns Session.
Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Association 11* 00
10 Honokaa Suj?ar Co 32 00
225 Honokaa Fu?ar Co 31 *7U
30 Hutchin-on S P Co 24 50
15 Kllauea Sugar P Co 21 23
51000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 107 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 75
25 R F Gas & Electric Co 47 B0
ISS S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
2T. S F Gas & Electrio Co. b 3 : 47 "O
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 4 47 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 47 00
J5OOO S P Branch Railway 6s 127 75
2 Spring Valley Water 94 00
130 Spring Valley Water 63 00
15 Spring Valley Water 93 50
Street—
$1000 United States 3s HOW
Afternoon Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 113 12^
60 California Fruit Canners IC6 00
20 Contra Costa Water 64 30
ILO Equitable Gas 3 00
10 Giant Powder Con 82 30
93 Giant Powder Con 83 00
40 Hana Plantation Co S 73
1(1 Hana Plantation Co 8 62Vi I
2.1 Hana Plantation Co 8 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 8S o>>
SO Honokaa Sugar Co 32 00
100 Honokaa Sugar Co 32 23
2M) Hutchlnpon S P Co 24 5U
20 Kllauea Sugar P Co 21 25
190 Makawell S Co 4S W
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 C«J
2r,0 Paauhau S P Co 30 ST'A
225 Paauhau S P Co 30 73
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S no
r.O S F Uas & Eloctric Co 4S 23
JiOtW S P of A Bonds 114 30
i*trcet—
$10,000 Spring Valley €s 114 73
PRODUCEP.S 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninff Session.
Board—
130 Barker Hanch 1 15
:0 Home Oil 4 15
E0 Home Oil 4 30
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Barker Ranch 1 13
900 Home Oil 4 43
400 Home Oil 4 40 I
Street—
100 Home Oil 4 40 ]
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the tales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchantr^ Board yetter- .
day:
Morning Session.
200 Challenge 17! V<n Sierra Nevada. 41 !
50 Mexican 29 Brt) Silver Hill 13 j
100 Overman 23 V 0 St Louis 12 ]
600 Overman 24 iw Yellow Jacket. 25 i
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 20i 400 Mexican 30
100 Caledonia 1 50: I*o Occidental ....' 03
100 Challenge IS! 12*) Ophir 60
6M) Chollar 23 ] 300 Overman 23
500 Con Cal & Va.l 00 11X0 Potosi 25
4M Crown Point.. 14i SCO Savage 08
ICO Gould & Curry. 23 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
100 Justice 03:
The folliwine- were the sal's. :n the Pacific
Stock Excliar.se yesterday:
Morning Session.
3<"pO Andes €3- 2«i Savage OS
300 Challenge Con. 17) 200 Sierra Nevada. 42
3CO Chollar 23! 100 Standard 3 64
200 Mexican W. MO Standard 3 65
5f.0 Ophlr iSj 100 Standard 3 70
200 Overman 23 200 Union Con U
SCO Overman £5
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 2<>i 3to Occidental .... 08
200 Chollar 24 1 300 Ofrhir 60
200 Chollar 23' 2CO Potosi 2»
irrt Con Cal & Va.l 57 200 Potosi 2G
2no Crown Point... 14 300 Savage 08
TOO Gould & Curry. 24 2i 0 Sierra Nevada. «2
100 Mexican 30 300 Yellow Jacket. 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. April 26—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 02 03
Alta ..." 02 04 Kentuck — 02
Andes CS 10 I*ady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 16 17 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 20 21 Occidental OS 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 53 «
Caledonia 150 1 60' Overman 23 24
Chollar 22 ?4 Potosl 13 2S
Challenge IS 19 Savage 07 OS
Confidence 89 90 Scorpion — «2
Con Cal & Ya.;l 53 1 (SO Beg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial .. — 02. Sierra Nevada. 42 41
Con New York. — Ut I Sliver Hill 13 17
Eureka Con — 50 St Louis — 12
Crown Point... 13 14 Standard 375 —
Exchequer — C3' Syndicate 07 f$
Gould & Curry. 24 23j Union Con 24 X
Hale £ Norc... 34 SoiUtah 10 U
Julia 01 03! Yellow Jacket. 24 23
"Watches are securely held on the
handle bar of a bicycle Dy a new clamp,
which Is formed of a split tube to en
gage the vertical portion of the bar,
with a pair of fingers extending- from
the tube, between which the case rests,
with a slotted finger for the stem,
which is fitted with a lock to clamp the
watch tightly.
C B & Q 12674 Butte & Boston... 75
Dom Coal 44V4 Calumet & Hecla..7Cs
do prefd H6 Centennial 20
Federal Steel 43H Franklin 15%
do prefd 71 Humboldt 50
Fltchburg prefd. ..1344 Osceola :. 67
Oen Electric 137U Parrot 45>4
Ed Elec 111 205 Quincy 136
Mexican Cent 13% Santa Fe Copper. 5H
N E G & Coke Uy. Tamarack IS6
Old Colony £08 Utah Mining 39>,£
Old Dominion 20" Winona 4
Rubber 33 Wolverines 40
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 26.— Money on call, steady
at 2?j2 t .£ per cent; last loan, 2V6. Prime mer
cantile paper, 4@5 per cent. Sterling exchange,
unsteady with actual business In bankers' bills
Rt $4 SS!?/4 SS'i for demand and at $4 84U@
4 M>i for sixty days. Posted rates, J4 85®
4 SSU a nd $4 S9@4 S9'fc. Commercial bllle. $4 83/4
fji H. Silver certificates, 59»i®60Hc. Bar sil
ver, 59?ic. Mexican dollars, 47%ic. Government
bonds, steadY; State bonds. Inactive; railroad
bonds, strong. ,
London Market.
NEW TORK, ADril 26.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet to-day, but there
was more investment business. The bank re
turn caused a firmer tone, although the close
was rather unsettled. Consols were fractionally
harder and the war loan touched 1 1-3 premium
on strong buying, finishing *at 1 3-16. Americans
were Inactive but cheerful, being made harder
despite the absence of Continental support.
New York responded and the close was near
the top. The features were Baltimore and Ohio
and Wabash bonds, the latter on New York In
quiry. Coppers were again wanted at a U rise
en bear closing-. The bank bought JC30.000 In
German coin. The fall in sterling exchange
reduced the talk of American exports, but it is
reported that gold Is going- out soon from Lon
don to Paris. Call money was firm at un
changed rates and bills were harder and fewer
were offering. The bank renewed the few sums
due and also lent slightly, besides doing a mod
erate business In discounts. The bank return
shows a rise of i 2.500.000 In puMlc deposits,
merely representing bankers holding back funds
for the end of the month and the war loan call
of 10 per cent on Thursday.
CLOSING.
LONDON. April 26.— Canadian Pacific, 9S;
Union Pacific preferred, 77; Northern Pacific
preferred. 7S; Grand Trunk, 8; Anaconda, 10^4;
bar silver, steady. 27 7-16 d per ounce; money,
4 j>er cent. '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer Movements.
Silver and financial quotations about the same.
If -'heat easy and quid.
Barley rising. Oats and Corn strong and Rye steady.
Beans and Seeds motionless.
Max and Fccdstuffs as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter and Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
Poultry still in light supply and firm.
Fruit stands about the same.
Provisions dull at unchanged prices.
Meats as previously quoted.
Local stock market more active.
Decreased imports of specie.
Increased exports of Salmon.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
market was firm; creamery. 13%@17^c; dairy.
12H015%c. Cheese, firm; 10@l!c Eggs, llrm;
fresh, lO^ic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
AUCTION SALES
EMIL COP, Auctioneer,
Will sell TO-DAT. FRIDAY.
At 11 O"clock A. M..
One of the finest collections of JAPANESE
SILKS and SCREENS and GOWNS, MUF-
FLERS. HANDKERCHIEFS and everythlnc
and anything of the nicest kind; direct impor-
tations "from the Orient. Particulars Chronicle.
EMIL fOIIN. Auctioneer.
SALE OF TnE 81 A'-CN.
Consignment of SO head of choice, well broke
TIOR«SE^ \ND MARKS from the bmlth ranch,
Fresno Monday. A^ril 30. 11 o'clock at Sales-
yarJ 1374 MARKET ST.. between EigMh an.
Ninth near Lurkin. Han Francisco I will *.>!
at nublic auction SO head of choice horses and
mares.' suitable fur all purposes rant-.ng in
woisM from M 0 to 1400. in aXea K e from 4to 8
yearV. all well broke to harnew. The above
¦toe? will arrive at yard Sunday. AnrtT J*
{^Persons having u.-e for jrood. serMc-able
horses will find it to their advantage to at end
this sale, aa they will positively be sold to
highest bidder without limit or reserve. S.
WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
Foreign Futures.
# __ - *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- May. July.
Opening 5 9?; ff9H
Closing ..; 5.9% 5 8%
PARIS. i:
¦Wheat— May. Sept.-pec.
Opening .... 20 40 22 00 '
Closing 20 35 2195
Flour—
Opening 27 05 28 »•>
Closing 26 90 28 75
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 26.— CATTLE —'Receipts,
9000. Steers generally steady except heavy,
easier; butchers' stock, strong and active; rfa
tives, best on sale to-day, two cars at $5 60;
good to prime steers, $4 95@5 80; poor to medi
um, $4 20<g4 85; selected feeders, active, 10c
higher, $4 15<§5 05; mixed stockers, steady to
strong, J3 40@4 10; cows, $3@4 50: heifers, $3 23
<gi SO; canners, stronger, $2 25® 2 90; hull 3.
steady, $2 75ff?4 20: calves, steady, Si oOtyb w;
Texas fed steers, $4g5 23; Texas bulls, steady,
$3 25473 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25.000: to-morrow,
18,000, estimated; left over, 5000. Steady to
shade higher; top, $5 60; mixed and butchers ,
$3 25<go 60; good to choice heavy. $o4osju6o;
rough. So 30«5 40; light, $5 25@5 52%; bulk ol
sales. $5 35@5 55. , ' ,„
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. Sheep, weak to 10c
lower; lambs, slow to firm for best; good to
choice wethers, $5 25@5 65; fair to choice mixed,
$4 75@5 30; Western sheep, $5 40Q5 65 i>'-f *?"
lings, 1 $5 50@6 25: native lambs, $a 50©7 *>;
Western lambs, $6i§7 36.
New York Metal Market.
. x
NEW YORK. April 26.— Trading In the mar
ket for metals was not very active. The un
dertone, however, continues generally weak,
owing to the unfavorable cables and the over
production of Iron.
Tin in London was 10s lower, this, together
with the falling of a tin consumption, caus
ing prices here to ease off materially. The
close was very weak at $29 50@29 75.
Lake coiiper, while it was lower in Lon
don, was dull and steady here at sustained
prices, closing at $17.
Pig iron warrants continue weak ana nomi
nal, closing at $15 50. No. 1 Northern foundry
was Quoted at $23 nominal.
Lead was dull and nominally unchanged at
$4 67>4 bid and $4 72' a asked.
Spelter was weak and a shade lower on ac
count of heavy receipts, closing weak at $4 55
bid and 54 60 asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 4a and for
copper $17 25. ¦_
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 26.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of resumption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $145,755,435; gold, $50,284,503.
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON, April 26.— A sale of sheepskins
was held to-day and 3262 bales were offered.
The attendance was good and a large propor
tion of the offerings were sold. Merino real
ized 3#4J; merino clothing, *id and crocs breds,
'AS '-id more than the last sale. "\7.. L .
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 26.— Clearings, $238. 025;
balances, $51,506.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 2«.— ln the local wheat
market there was the same masterly inactiv
ity that has been a prominent feature of the
market for the past few weeks. Fifty-three
cents was offered for Walla Walla, but no sales
are reported at that figure and a cent more
was offered for some stock for milling pur
poses.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week- ending to-day were 137,333 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 26.— WHEAT— There were no
changes in quotations to-day; bluestem, 55i4c;
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 26.— Consols, 100} i; silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, IOOf Soc; cargoes on
passage, sellers at advance 3d; cargoes No. 1
standard California. 20s 7V4d; English country
markets, quiet.
Liverpool; April 26.— wheat, firm: no. i
standard California, 6s 4d"f»6s 4'jil; wheat in
I'arls. firm; Hour in Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-lCd.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot-Steady; No. 1 California. 6s
4d'S6s 4Vid: No. 1 Northern spring, ns lid. Fu
tures — Quiet: April, nominal; May, 5s U%d;
July, os ST«d.
CORN— Spot — Firm; American mixed new. 4s
2%>1. Futures— Quiet; May, 4s ?4d; July, 4s
September, 4s l',«d.
* #
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
ARTICLES. lOpen. [High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April .... 66%
May 65% 66H 66% 65%
July 67*4 67H 67 67
September 68H 68*4 68 6SH
Corn No. 2—
April 89ft
May 40 40% 30% 39ft
July 41ft *V& 40% 40%
September 41% 42 ,41 41
Oats No. 2—2 —
May 23« i 23H 23t; 23%
July 23>4 23T4 23?, 23^
September 22% 22% 22ft 22ft
Mess pork, bbl—
May 12 75 12 80 12 70 12 70
July 12 S7ft 12 SO 12 85 12 S5
Lard, 100 lbs—
May 7 22.4 730 7 22V4 7 22U
July 725 735 725 7 27'^
September 730 7 37ft 725 7 2a'
Short ribs*. 100 lbs—
May i 7 05. 705 7 02ft 703
July 7 07ft 716 705 7 07^
September 7 07% 710 7 02V4 7 Oc'
aici i(.i>L_.-3. iteceipis. sniptn ts.
Flour, barrels 25.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 00,000 163,000
Corn, bushels 211,000 365,000
Oats, bushels 98,000 237,000
Rye. bushels- 7,000 1,000
Barley, . bushels 34.000 9.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
Steamer.
From. [ Pug-
i ;
Bonlra
Point Arena..
Samoa
Queen
Pomona
Xcwbure
Matt«-awan ..
Valencia
Newport l-*pr. 27
Point Arena Apr# %¦,
. Humboldt •• Apr. 27
'victoria & Puget SouadiApr. 27
UlumhoUH Apr. g
;Grays Harbor lApr. 27
1 .« i ¦'::.. i : Apr. ->
'Oyster Harbor 'Apr. IS
Curacao
Emphre
Wellington ..
City of Puebl
Aloha
Slate or Cal..
Octavia
Arcata
Tltania
San Bias
North Fork..
Coos Bay
la.'
.. .
¦M»xlco Apr. -_•
.'Cods Bay [Apr. n
. Oyster Harbor 'Apr. -^
(Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. Z>
.¦Crescent City iApr. w
.iVtortland [Apr, w
'Hamburg Apr. »»
.'Coos Bay — • Apr. V>
.INana'.mo Apr. W>
.[Panama !Aj?r. *3
. Huinb..lJt (May \
WaMa Walla..
.IVictoria & Pu?et Sound. May J
'r>»n,m-. >May J
Acapulco
Thyra
Mackinaw
Willamette ..
Corona
Crescent City.
!'chlna and Japan May 2
I scatti* Ma y *
[Seattle M« 3
. i-'an I)te?r> Maj -
iCresrent City i?^ a >' !
• rr* t*f a « s
¦Steamer.
I Destir
nati<
I Sails.
%. I Pier.
Corona
Columbia .
Peru
Albion ....
?San Dl
. Portiai
. Panam
.Cape N
lego
nd..
na. . .
¦•"•¦'
.'Apr. 27. 1
.Apr. M. 1
.lApr. 2S. 1
.lApr. M. i
H am: Pier 11
10 am'Pt^r 21
12 m'PMSS
12 mt Pier 1
r'Apr. 23.
2 pm, •
>. am Pt»r 11
Vtoiiua
Pomona ...
. iNcwpo
. jlfumtx
.tApr. t>.
.(Apr. 29.
;• am r-i»r n
2 pm Pier !»
«« 1 r».. 11
Samoa
Portland ..
Pt. Arena.
. iHumlv
. !Care N
.! Point .
le
na..
.'Apr. 3A. 1
.lApr. 30.
.'Apr. 30.
1« am Pier 13
2 pm Pter 34
J pm'Pler 1
Newburg .
.! Grays
Hal
r'Apr. 30.
M..,- 1 1
l San I »i
Manauense
IKahuli
IVIr- .«-
¦'sal
iMajr 1. 1
.May 1. 3
12 m'
11 am I Pier »
l-Rl
W ¦¦*' ¦ il
Ma v 2
.May i.
Arcata —
State of Ca
Coos Cay..
rt»nf Rio
>j
. ;Cooa B
1 Portiai
. |N>wpo
I'Chlna.
3ay.
IB*..
ort..
.iJlay 2. 1
.May 3. 1
.May 3.
n May 3.
12 mi Pier 13
10 am Pier 2»
9 amPler U
1 pmTMSS
txyor kio
Xorth For
. I May 4."
9 amPler I
ri May 5.
ARTICLES. lOpen. [High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April .... 66%
May 65% 66H 66% 65%
July 67*4 67H 67 67
September 68H 68*4 68 6SH
Corn No. 2—
April 89ft
May 40 40% 30% 39ft
July 41ft *V& 40% 40%
September 41% 42 ,41 41
Oats No. 2—2 —
May 23« i 23H 23t; 23%
July 23>4 23T4 23?, 23^
September 22% 22% 22ft 22ft
Mess pork, bbl—
May 12 75 12 80 12 70 12 70
July 12 S7ft 12 SO 12 85 12 S5
Lard, 100 lbs—
May 7 22.4 730 7 22V4 7 22U
July 725 735 725 7 27'^
September 730 7 37ft 725 7 2a'
Short ribs*. 100 lbs—
May i 7 05. 705 7 02ft 703
July 7 07ft 716 705 7 07^
September 7 07% 710 7 02V4 7 Oc'
aici i(.i>L_.-3. iteceipis. sniptn ts.
Flour, barrels 25.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 00,000 163,000
Corn, bushels 211,000 365,000
Oats, bushels 98,000 237,000
Rye. bushels- 7,000 1,000
Barley, . bushels 34.000 9.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
¦Steamer.
I Destir
nati<
I Sails.
%. I Pier.
Corona
Columbia .
Peru
Albion ....
?San Dl
. Portiai
. Panam
.Cape N
lego
nd..
na. . .
¦•"•¦'
.'Apr. 27. 1
.Apr. M. 1
.lApr. 2S. 1
.lApr. M. i
H am: Pier 11
10 am'Pt^r 21
12 m'PMSS
12 mt Pier 1
r'Apr. 23.
2 pm, •
>. am Pt»r 11
Vtoiiua
Pomona ...
. iNcwpo
. jlfumtx
.tApr. t>.
.(Apr. 29.
;• am r-i»r n
2 pm Pier !»
«« 1 r».. 11
Samoa
Portland ..
Pt. Arena.
. iHumlv
. !Care N
.! Point .
le
na..
.'Apr. 3A. 1
.lApr. 30.
.'Apr. 30.
1« am Pier 13
2 pm Pter 34
J pm'Pler 1
Newburg .
.! Grays
Hal
r'Apr. 30.
M..,- 1 1
l San I »i
Manauense
IKahuli
IVIr- .«-
¦'sal
iMajr 1. 1
.May 1. 3
12 m'
11 am I Pier »
l-Rl
W ¦¦*' ¦ il
Ma v 2
.May i.
Arcata —
State of Ca
Coos Cay..
rt»nf Rio
>j
. ;Cooa B
1 Portiai
. |N>wpo
I'Chlna.
3ay.
IB*..
ort..
.iJlay 2. 1
.May 3. 1
.May 3.
n May 3.
12 mi Pier 13
10 am Pier 2»
9 amPler U
1 pmTMSS
txyor kio
Xorth For
. I May 4."
9 amPler I
ri May 5.
Steamer.
From. [ Pug-
i ;
Bonlra
Point Arena..
Samoa
Queen
Pomona
Xcwbure
Matt«-awan ..
Valencia
Newport l-*pr. 27
Point Arena Apr# %¦,
. Humboldt •• Apr. 27
'victoria & Puget SouadiApr. 27
UlumhoUH Apr. g
;Grays Harbor lApr. 27
1 .« i ¦'::.. i : Apr. ->
'Oyster Harbor 'Apr. IS
Curacao
Emphre
Wellington ..
City of Puebl
Aloha
Slate or Cal..
Octavia
Arcata
Tltania
San Bias
North Fork..
Coos Bay
la.'
.. .
¦M»xlco Apr. -_•
.'Cods Bay [Apr. n
. Oyster Harbor 'Apr. -^
(Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. Z>
.¦Crescent City iApr. w
.iVtortland [Apr, w
'Hamburg Apr. »»
.'Coos Bay — • Apr. V>
.INana'.mo Apr. W>
.[Panama !Aj?r. *3
. Huinb..lJt (May \
WaMa Walla..
.IVictoria & Pu?et Sound. May J
'r>»n,m-. >May J
Acapulco
Thyra
Mackinaw
Willamette ..
Corona
Crescent City.
!'chlna and Japan May 2
I scatti* Ma y *
[Seattle M« 3
. i-'an I)te?r> Maj -
iCresrent City i?^ a >' !
• rr* t*f a « sADVERTISEMENTS.
calTlfor
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION,
Tr BemHtaaee with ?v. «!-«-»!,-*. o . ¦o V .
HTLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
<e!erat»l ret"T*«*2-s.t;ve« cf the Republn-an
Tarty fr^ra The ferera'i Ft*r»« a?«err.b!e 1n Na-
tural Ctocreattea !n the citr <¦: Philadelphia.
State cf Per.r.fyivar.ia. on TCESDAT. the l»th
day ef Jur.e. A. D. IJOO. at 1! o'clock naon.
fcr the purrc»« cf nomtcatlcr candidates Tor
the office cf Pretide-ct tnd Vice President of
the Ur.:t«s Ftares. aci fcr sarh ether busmen*
cs ir.ay le trrjgt.t befcre ra'.a ccaventicn: ani
•.r. acf-rdar.ee with the [azfractkHU given by
ti'.i Natirr.aJ Con-.rr.itte*. iirectlr.* that the
Cccrr*£t-'~al Dirtrict delegate* shall be ch'«»i
at a mm IlitVlsi called by tbe Corrrc«« •¦ ,
Crirmlttee of each ca:d district. In the une
rsr.r»r as the ccmlcaticn cf a Representative
in Cce£t«** :* made Sa said district; Uier*:or*.
ti :t
ReKtvrd. Py the REPUBLICAN PTATE
CENTr/I, COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA.
r*rre*#r.tinc tfce Republican Party of said
f.ate. that the Cr-r.gresricr.il Committees of
th* e<?ve*-aj Coacr^«s'.cn».l Districts cf the State
ef CalUcrcia are berecy advised and requested
to call Ccc^reee'.cr^J Ccnventlosu of their Cca-
Crets:cr.&! LcttrlcU. i, be be!tj as hereinafter
provided, at which two de'fratei chall be
chosen tn represent each < '. »uch districts la
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to t>e b«ld as aforesaid, and fcr the
•election cf two alternate de'.erate*. to act in
ca»e cr tfc» sbeeace of the delegates first chosen.
The felectTcn cf the £elef/ates of the Coa-
rretticcal Ccsrestlcn chall be usder the d!r*c-
ticr. cf the Ccr.grctslonal Committee cf each
«'.rtrlct. la accordance with t$M call cf las
2fa;!cr.a] Ccrcniittee.
Provided. That the basts cf representation
to raid '" -: r-f ¦¦•--&; Conventions shall b» as
! fellows, to wit: One delicate for each Assem-
bly District with'.n the Congressional District:
provided, that where any Assembly Dirtrict
embraces mere than ccc cousty. there ehall be
cne delegate for racb cousty and fractional
part cf a ccuaty tn each Assembly District.
»- ". ccc <?•-..,:• fcr each X9O votes cast for
I-Jenry T G***. Recub!l'-*n candidate for Gov-
»rc-jr In I***, and «m deieffate for each frs,e-
tlcn cf s'.© vctes cr over.
It is further directed that the delecat«s
ct-.reen t« the Ccr.gTess-.cnal Conventions shall
ireet !n Plate fVr.venttcn at th» city of Sacra-
irecto. on TUESDAY, the 15th cay of May.
J«OC. at J r'clocß; p m.. to s«lect four delesrates-
*t-larre tn the NATIONAL RKPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and roar al-
tercate rtelerates. to act In case the delegates
selected be absent, for <he election cf a State
Central Corr.Tr:!ttee. and for the transaction of
«¦_ '. further business as ir.ay be brourht be-
fore the «ald fitate Convention.
It U further directed that where primary
electlcn* are held the test fcr voters shall t>e:
••J believe in R»publl-an principle* and :n-
tfers* the R^rt:b!lcan policy and tbe admin-
istration of President McKlnley. and Intend
to eappcrt the ncrnlree* of the Republican
Party at the rcsut&K election."
It is further directed that ocnte*U tnntt b«
f.Je« with the Secretary of the Conrresslonal ;
Crmictrtee In WTitffig-. with a full statement
ef the rroonif "f the contest, live days pre-
e*dlr.«; the iroetinr of the State convention. ]
All ir.att»r» re!»t!r.s; to roch <wnte«t before the j
Ccrrre**''^* l <^nrnnr:rttee. with eatd Commit- '
tee'a detertr.lsatlon therein, mutt be transmit- I
t*6 to tbe Secretary cf the Fute Central Ccm-
r-'.ttee •? Facrarretsto. before nooa of tht 14th i
Cay cf M*y. 1S«-
Adopted h» th» REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
•TP*L COMMITTEE »t f s* n Francisco. April
A ISSO. E. C HART. Secretary.
ROOSEVELT FOR THE
PRESIDENCY IN FOUR YEARS
Marquette Club of Chicago at a Ban
quet Suggests the Candidacy of
the Rough Rider.
CHICAGO. April 26.— At the banquet of
the Marrju^tte Club to-nierht the themo
wa3 'Thfodore Roosevelt for President in
1!»4." Th~ 3ugsre3ti"r. was made by Toast
master Frank O. Lowden and received
with cheers. Governor Roosevelt wad
present and se*>met! pleased.
In an interview to-day Governor Rnosc
velt declared that he would rather be in
private life than be Vice President of the
L'nlted States. He said that his position
In ree-ard to the Republican nomination
for this office was absolutely unalterable.
He said he wou!d b<» glad if the Republi
cans of New York should renomin?.te him
for Governor, and expressed the belief
that he could be of mere service to hi-*
party and the public in that position than
as Vice President.
FIRED AT HIS WIFE AND
COMMITTED SUICIDE
CARSON. Xev.. April V,.— Late last
I evening Charles ZlciifeM. a baker, at
i tempted to kill his wife by shooting at
her while she was at the house of a
friend. After firing a shot which missed
her. he returned to the bakery and killed
himself by shooting a bullet into hi 3
I brain.
ZichfeM and h!s wife had trouble last
I -week and she let him. He made an ac
| tempt to kill her. but the SherifT took the
I pistol away from him. Yesterday he was
given the pistol under a promise to make
no further trouble.
Zlchfeld left a letter, disposing of his
property, ami also statins' that he Intend
ed killlrsar his wife and himself. He evi
dently thought he had carried out the
programme, as the woman fell when
shot at.
Zichfeld had .served a term in the Ne
vada penitentiary for bigamy, he bavins
married the woman he attempted to- kill
while he had a wife living in California.
Admiral Hichborn Coming.
"WASHINGTON. April X.— Admiral
Hlchborn. chief constructor of the navy,
will leave Washington May 10 next on an
extended trip to the Pacific Coast with
the purpose At insp^ctin? the Mare Isl
and navy-yard and the naval station at
Eremcrton on Puiret Sound.
trimmed with duchesse lace, and wore a
veil that fell to the long train. She car
ried a bouquet of Easter lilies with a
shower arrangement of orange blossoms.
Her veil was caught In place by a dia
mond sunburst, the gift of the groom.
Miss Ethel Klttredge wore pink chiffon
nnd carried pink roses. Mrs. E. H. Kit
tredge wore a handsome toilet of black
lace In a chrysanthemum pattern over
white satin.
The ceremony was followed by the sup
per, which was held in a marquee built
on the lawn. And while the guests en
joyed the repast the orchestra" played ap
propriate airs. The decorations of the
marquee were In pink and white, and the
scene was a fairy-like one. Everywhere
there were garlands of pink geranium
against a background of green smilax
and ferns, and pink grauze gave a dainty
finish. The bride had two round tables,
each decorated with pink ro«03. On the
backs of the chairs were tied Easter
lilies, white ribbon being u?ed.
At the first table were Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Baldwin, Miss Ethel Kittredge.
Arthur Baldwin. Mlfs Bernice Landers,
Robert ML Fitzgerald. Miss Jean Hush.
George Wheat on, Mlfs Carmen Moore.
Wallace Alexander. Miss Bessie Palmer,
Walter Perry Johnson. Miss Gertrude Al
len. Walter Starr and Mr. and Mrs. Oscar
Gowing. At the second table were Mr.
and Mrs. Irving Lundborp. M'ss Florence
Hush. Dr. Roy Balden/ Miss Eleanor
Warner. Francis Johnson. Miss Florence
Ftarr. Edmund Baker. Miss Mary Barker,
Phillip Clay. Miss Emma Greenwood.
Bernard Miiler. Miss Jean Howard 1 and
Brvant Grimwiod.
The guests Included many prominent
people, among them well-known Hawaiian
families, for Mr. Baldwin Is a cousin of
the S. T. Alexanders and Is also related
to other families hijrh In social and finan
cial circles of Honolulu. All the well
known families of this city were repre
sented.
W. P. DRUM. C. R. BROUGHTOX. C. K. MOSER. ROT WOOLSEY
A. CADOGAN. A. D. PLAW. J. D. HOFFMAN.
ATHLETES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
Teamster Dies of His Injuries.
Albert 1 Rosser. a teamster who was In
jured by a fall from his truck on Market
street, near Beale, on Wednesday, died at
the City Receiving Hospital yesterday.
He was a native of New York. 50 years of
age. and resided at 129 Morris avenue. He
leaves a wife and three children In desti
tute circumstances. t
Honor to the Late A. S. Hallidie.
The trustees of the Mechanics 1 Institute
held a special session out of respect to
the late A. S. Hallidie, who was for many
years president of the institute and prom
inently identified with its progress. It
was decided that the trustees should at
tend the funeral In a body. Trustees J.
K. Cosgrave, George Beanston and Hor
ace Wilson were appointed a committee
to prepare memorial resolutions.
GERMANY TO EXCLUDE
AMERICAN PRODUCTS
Said to Have Forbidden Importation of
Fresh Meats, Butter or
BERLTN, April 26.— The Socialist Vorwaerts and the Xurembtirg Tage
Post publish the sensational announcement that Prince yon Hohenlohe has
. forbidden the North German Lloyd Steamship Company under article XXVI
of the subvention contract to make further importations of and to land In
German. Dutch or Belgian ports freshly slaughtered meat 3, butler, dairy
product cr cereals, as directly competing with German agriculture.
This ytatem^nt has been republished upon the authority of the Journal*
named and neither the Xord Deutsche Allgemeine Zeitung nor any of the'
re t aenlea its truth. The Frtlssinige Zeitungr to-morrow will confirm it.
Expelled From Venezuela.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. April 25.— Dr.
Ricardo Beccera, an ai?ed and distinguish
ed Colombian resident of Caracas, has
bec-n expelled from Venezuela by order of
President Castro for press writing.
Aged Woman Seeks Medical Aid.
Delia Jackson, a widow aged 9S years,
residing at 3031 Steiner street, was ad
mitted to the City and County Hospital
yesterday at her own request. The a?ed
iady was born in England and succeeded
in outliving all the members of her fam
ily. Old age and falling health caused her
to seek medical aid. Although within but
two yf-ars of rounding out the century
she pc?sr-sFts all her faculties and has a
remarkable memory, giving the days and
dates of numerous occurrences which
transpired over seventy years ago. She
will receive the very best of attention at
thf hands of Dr. Maher, the resident phy
sician of the hospital.
INSURANCE MEN AND
THEIR WIVES FEASTED
The annual banquet of the Western
100,000 Club of the New Tork Life Insur
ance Company was held last night at the
Palace Hotel. The club, which is com
posed of all agents west of Denver who
have sold }100.000 or more of life insurance
has been in session here for two days and
wound up its business yesterday.
About fifty guests attended the banquet
Among- them were the wives of several
of the agents. During the feast the Ha
waiian Quintet Club rendered Hawaiian
mtiFlc. a novelty that was very much
enjoyed by the Eastern people. President
Oliver G. Snow acted as toastmaster.
rfJefore the club adjourned yesterday
afternoon the members presented Presi
dent Snow with an Ivory gavel, encircled
with a broad silver band, upon which is
inscribed his name and the date of pre
sentation.
PENCIL DEEDS
ADMITTED INTO
THE EVIDENCE
Attorneys for Respondents
Gain a Victory in the
Fair Case.
Judge Troutt decided yesterday to ad
mit the pencil df-eds in evidence in the
Craven-Fair litigation now pending In his
court.
"In ruling on the objection to offered
evidence I shall merely say the deeds are
an important circumstance, as they tend
to show that a provision had been made
and might be such as a man like Senator
Fair -would make for his wife." said the
Judge, In rendering the decision. "I con
eider it relevant to the issue and not
collateral, and so shall admit the deeds in
evidence."
When the pencil deeds were disposed of
the Grand Opera-house note— "Mrs. James
G.. do you know your name? James G.
Fair"— was- taken up. A squabble of the
attorneys followed. Expert Kytka was
called to the stand. He had a photo
graphic enlargement printed on a screen.
Although the negative from which the
print was made had been developed ac
cording to stipulation, the print was not.
Expert W. J. Street, engaged by the es
tate for the petitioner, was not present
when it was made. This caused an objec
tion from Charles Pence. The court over
ruled it and the screen print was admit
ted. The trial was adjourned at 12 o'clock
and -will continue on Monday morning.
NATIONAL BANKS
INSTITUTE SUIT
TO AVOID TAXES
Assessor Dodge Restrained
Prom Levying on the
Assets.
The Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco, the San Francisco National
Rank, the First National Bank and the
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank have
brought suits in the United States Circuit
Court to restrain Assessor Dodge from
proceeding with the collection of the taxes
en the personal property of the banks.
Judge Morrow has issued a restraining
order and the Assessor will be unable to
take further action until the court passes
upon the case.
The banks allege that the Assessor la
proceeding in violation of law, that on the
nrst Monday in March. 1900. all the prop
erty of the banks, except the real estate
and mortgages, was exempt from assess
ment and taxation. It is alleged that the
Assessor will claim that while United
States bor.rls sire exempt, the premium
thereon Is liable to assessment and taxa
tion and that he v.ill not deduct It from
the value of the stock.
Suits of a similar nature were filed
against the A««es.-or last June by the
same banks. The outcome was that the
Assessor was enjoined from collecting the
taxes. The cases were submitted on briefs.
ODD FELLOWS SPEND A
DAY IN MERRYMAKING
Eighty-First Anniversary of the
Founding of the Order in This
Country Celebrated.
Special IMstatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, April 28.— This has been
a great day in the history of Soaoma
County Odd Fellowship. The ocoision
was the big celebration held at Grace
Bro'.hers' park under the auspices of San
ta Rosa Lodge, nnd in which representa
tives frv,m all the different lodges of tho
county participated In honor of the
eighty-first anniversary of the founding
of tho order in the United States.
The different trains were met by Eark"<s
tind and local Odd Fellows in line, and
upon the arrival of the Fpe.ial excursion
tir-j morning a procession was forme J at
the depot, and under the direction of
Grand Marshal L. W. Juilllard and Aids
C. H. Holmes and John L. Gist marched
to the park. There appropriate exercises
¦"•ere htld, the address being delivered tv
Homer T. Wilson of Tennessee. A basket
picnic followed and games anu other
amusements took up the remainder of the
day
In the evening a grand baH, largely at
tended, took place in the pavilion.
WILLOWS. April 2-5.— The eighty-first
anniversary of Odd Fellowship was cele
brated in "Willows to-day. Excursion
trains were run from Davisville, Wood
land. Colusa. Arbuckle, Wl'liams, Corn
ing, Orland and Germantown. Large del
egations came from each of these places.
Altogether about 4000 were In attendance.
In the forenoon there was a grand parade,
which was a complete success, although
the north wind was blowing a gale. After
the parade a vast throng repaired to the
pavilion, where they were entertained for
two hours by an address by Hon. M. M.
Estee, P. G. M.. and other literary exer
cises. In the afternoon there was a com
ical circus parade, in which all the lodged
of the city were parodied. The remainder
of the afternoon was spent in a drill in
fancy movements by a company of gro
tesquely uniformed Odd Fellows from Co
lusa Lodge, and various athletic contests
nt th<> racecourse. The day's festivities
closed with a grand ball at the pavilion
in the evening. Judge Oval Pirkey acted
as president and J. H. Mitchell as grand
marshal of the day.
FRESNO. April 26.— Odd Fellows from
surrounding towns celebrated the eignty
flrsc anniversary of their order in this city
to-day. The festivities opened with a
large parade this forenoon. During the
afternoon literary exercises were held In
the Barton Opera-house, at which Hon.
James G. Maguire. past prrand master, de
livered an address. After the Institution
this evening of Canton Fresno, followed
by an exhibition drill, the day's pro
gramme was closed with a grand ball.
STEWART WILL LEAD
CARDINAL TRACK TEAM
Popular Young Athlete From Penn
sylvania Unanimously Chosen
by Stanford Men.
.Special Dispatch tc The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April X —
The members of the Stanford track ienm
to-day unanimously chose Arthur B.
Stewart to lead them against the blue and
gold next year.
Stewart halls from Pennsylvania and Is
a low major. While in college he has been
associated with its athletic interests, be
ing for three years a member of the 1901
class team and taking part in its Eureka
and Reno trips.
Though he failed to make the showing
that was expected of him in the last inter
collegiate meet, he had lost none of the
confidence which his men always had m
hirr., as the vote to-day shows.
He is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
and Sigma Sigma fraternities.
WHEELER WILL STOP
HIGH SCHOOL RUSHES
OAKLAND. April 26.— President Wheeler
of the University of California has writ
ten to the principals of the High Schools
of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley, an
nouncing that he would forbid the use of
the university campus by the High School
students if they did not stop lighting: and
rushing. There have been several rushes
of late at the interclass and interschool
meets that degenerated into pugilistic en
counters. -
Tne result of these letters was that sev
eral principals deliveredi a series of lec
tures to their classes to-day. The stu
dents claim that outsiders interfered with
their exercises and they had to fight to
protect themselves.
HAWAIIANS
ARE OPPOSED TO
PROHIBITION
Gillette Amendment Is
Unpopular in the
Islands.
Special Correspondence cf The Call.
HONOLULU, April 17.— Not even the
amendment to the House Hawaiian bill
providing for the deportation of all Asi
atic contract laborers introduced into the
islands since annexation created as much
surprise and met with so strong an op
position sentiment as the Gillette amend
ment prohibiting the sale of liquor in sa
loons. Outsiue of a handful of prohibi
tionists, scarce one of whom has been in
the islands more than three or four years,
together with the few members of the
Woman's Christian Temperance L'nion,
no one can be found who approves the
amendment or who is willing that it
should become a part of the organic law
of the Territory without a protest. Every
element of the community almost is
against It, and none more radically than
the church and temperance element.
This element holds that the present sys
tem of regulating the liquor traffic, which
is the result of years of legislative strug
gle, is the best that can be devised to
meet the conditions here, a seaport town,
and otherwise influenced by a transient
population. Cnder this system the num
ber of saloon licenses issued is restricted
to seventeen for the whole group. These
each pay a license fee of $10:?} a year, the
saloons are closed at 11:30 o'clock at night"
and are closed all day Sunday. No music
Is allowed In them, nor is liquor allowed
to be sold to women or minors. They are
under strict regulations which can be in
creased by the Minister of the Interior to
meet special conditions, and the penalties
imposed for violating these regulations
are very severe, a second conviction for
feiting the license and the bond of $1003.
For localities where a saloon selling all
kinds of liquors might be a center of
loafers and a temptation to idleness, a
secondary class of licenses are issued,
called iight wine and beer licenses. Un
der these licenses only light wines and
beer may be sold, the places must close
at 8 o'clock at night and remain closed
on Sunday.
Under this system it is acknowledged
that saloons and «aces where lfquor is
sold have never been the centers either
of crime or disturbance. It has thrown
the business into the hands of a much
higher and more reliable class of men
than carry it on in most communities and
the business is conducted on more con
servative lines than It is in most Ameri
can cities.
The temperance element has shown It
self satisfied with the workings of the
system by the fact that there has been
no agitation for several years of a stricter
system, and that the last Legislature, of
which a majority of the Senate were
members of Protestant churches, added
the light wine and beer license system.
Rev. Dr. S. E. Bishop, a son of one of
the early missionaries, a man who was
born In the Islands and has been for years
one of the most consistent temperance
advocates, says that if the amendment
becomes a law it will prove a great source
of corruption and demoralization, with
out reducing the liquor traffic any, and
will destroy a system that ha 3 worked
well and proven all that the sentiment of
the community is ready to enforce.
Professor W. T. Alexander, another rep
resentative of the missionary element, is
equally outspoken against the measure
and for the same reasons. Every daily
paper In Honolulu has taken an editorial
position against it, and the entire senti
ment of the community almost is
against it.
The Liquor Dealers' Protective Associa
tion which includes practically the en
tire liquor trade, both wholesale and re
tail, held a very largely attended meet
ing yesterday to consider the subject. A
committee was appointed to prepare and
forward data to the Liquor Dealers' As
sociation of California, showing the sen
timent of the community, the conditions
under which the traffic is carried on and
the great interests to be disastrously af
fected by the amendment. It will show
that the liquor traffic contributes to the
Government a very large proportion of
its revenues. In a legislative report made
in IS9I it was shown that the revenues
from the liquor trade were equal to 52 per
cent of the entire Custom-house receipts.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Incraases in Pensions Granted, Post
masters Appointed and Other
Changes.
S;«cial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 26.— The follow
ing increased pensions have been granted:
George Gilmour, San Francisco. $<i '.o $12;
Charles H. Lee. Anaheim. $>> to JS; James
F. Campbell, Famosa, 5v to JS: William H.
Brown, San Francisco. iS to $10: Lewis M.
Hickox, San Francisco. $6 to iU: Thomas
Lyons, Veterans' Home. Napa. $3 to $10;
'lerer.ee O'Brien. San Francisco, Pi to $10;
James Austin. lowa City. $6 to $S; Georg?
Van Uuskirk. Marysvilie. JS to SV2: Andrew
I.or.gr. Youngville. $S to. $10; Elijan W.
Fuller. Sold;er3" Home, Los Angeles. $6 to
JS. Reissue and increase— Leonard H.
Marky, Forestville, $6 to $10. Original
widows, etc.— Clara Kerr. West Palmbate.
¦Washington: Restoration and additional
—Charles T. Harris »dea-1). Dungeness.
$S to 512. Increase — Eli.is V. Ruger. Seat
tle, $10 to $12; Joseph Perora. Richardson.
Pi to $S; Martin C. Hopkins, Soldiers'
Home. Orting, $•; to $S.
Oregon : Increase— Edwin Lee. Green
ville. $G to $10. i;
The Postmaster at San Francisco will
hereafter make an additional dally dis
patch of registered mail matter to Chi
cago via Ogden and San Francisco, at
S:3O a. m.
Postmaster? commissioned: California —
Aue-ust J. Henry, Alamo; Fanny B. Kane,
Can by.
Guv H. Tuttle of Los Angeles has been
appointed clerk in the War Department
at a salary of $!'"*"<}.
Malcolm Mac Lean Dead
Sp-cial Di'ratch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN. April 25.— Malcolm
Mac Lean. one of the best known fijrures
in this part of the Stat^. tiieel here to
night of aneurism of the heart. Deceased
was 71 j'ears of age and leaves a widow
and four children. Mr. Mac Lean was a
pioneer guard at the prison, havinjr nrst
gone to work there In the early sixties.
He was known and respected by every
prominent criminal in the State, while the
prison authorities regarded him as one of
the most efficient and energetic officers.
Death of a Pioneer.
TUBA CITY. April 25.— Westley Moon,
the oldest resident of this county. died
at Moons Ferry this morning. He was
M years of age and came to this State in
IS JO
walk.
Walsh will participate only In the meet
with Chicago, the other universities
having eliminated the walk from their list
of events. Service, who ran a mile in 4:46
this afternoon, may join the team later
if the necessary money can be raised by
private subscription. Manager Ezra De
! coto an.l Trainer George Hufferdlne will
j accompany the team.
To-morrow afternoon the students win
; give a grand rally to the members of tbe
I team, who will take the evening train fcr
j the East. The students win escort the
i departing athletes to the Sixteenth-street
station, where a rousing farewell will be
given them. Captain Drum expressed him
self as well pleased with the team and
predicted great successes during the East
ern trip.
The engagements scheduled for thd
team are as follows:
May s—Yale.5 — Yale. New Haven. Conn.
May 12— Princeton. Princeton. X. J.
May Vj— Pennsylvania. Philadelphia. Pa.
May 25 and 25 — American intercoHegiar*
fleM day meet at Manhattan Field. New
York.
June 3— Western intercollegiate field day
at Chicago.
PRINCIPALS IN A PRETTY OAKLAND WEDDING,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
ms. Broadway. April 26.
MO prettier wedding has been seen
this year than that which was
celebrated at the handsome home
of Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Kittredps
I to-night, when Miss Harriet Kittredge
\ became the bride of Frank Baldwin of
j Honolulu. The residence was elegantly
'¦ decorated for the event, and over 2"jO
j guests were present at the ceremony, and
! the suprer which followed.
The marriage; took place in the drawing
1 room, which was a bower of pink roses
! arranged with pink catin ribbon and
gauze along golden rods. Bermuda lilies
were also used, and the effect was ex
tremely beautiful. A trellis of pir.k roses
separated the bay-window, where the
service was said, from the reception room.
The wide hall was in white and green
snowballs, bridal wreath and woodwardla
ferns being- caught here and there on
chandeliers and staircase with white
gauze. The music room was gorgeous in
purple and yellow, the flowers ust-d being
Spanish Iris and yellow iris, with mari
golds and pale and dark yellow satin rib
bon. The dining room was in white and
green, like the hall.
Promptly at k:3O o'clock the strains of
Mendelssohn's "Weddine: March" an
nounced to the guests the approach of
the wedding party. It was awaited fn the
drawing room by Rev. Charles R. Brown,
who united young couple, assisted by
Roy. J. K. McLean, and by the frroom and
his brother. Arthur Baldwin, who was
best man. The ushers. Alexander P.uth
erford of New York. Wallace Alexander,
Walter Perry Johnson and Walter Starr.
Ip<s. Then came the bride's sister. Miss
Ethel Klitredfr**. who was maid of honor.
The bride followed leaning on her father's
arm. She was gowned in white satin. .
BERKELEY. April 2S.— The track
team to represent the University
of California on Eastern fields was
finally selected to-day. The team,
which will leave for the East to-morrow
night, is made up as follows:
William P. Drum, captain. 100, 220. 440
yard dashes: Anthony Cadogan. 100.-220.
4« yards; T. Hamlin. 120. 220 yard hurdles:
C. Broughton, 100 yard and broad jump:
R. Woolsey. half mile, shot put. high
jump and hurdles; C. K. Moaer. mile run;
A. Plaw, hammer throw and shot put; J.
Hoffman, pole vault; and A. Walsh, mile
CALIFORNIA SELECTS TEAM
OF ATHLETES TO GO EAST
CONTRACTS FOR
PARK SUPPLIES
ARE AWARDED
»
Commission Accepts Propo
sals of Lowest Respon
sible Bidders.
Many of the Leading Finns of the
City Submit Figures for. Fur
nishing Building Material
and Forage.
The Park Commission held a special
meeting yesterday at the lodge. Golden
Gate Park, to receive bids and award
contracts for supplies. Three of the Com
missioners—A. B. Spreckels, president;
Reuben H. Lloyd and John A. Stanton
were present.
Proposals for supplying 2000 feet of 1&
inch and 2000 feet of 1-lnch rubber hose
were first opened. The bsd.iers were:
Boston Woven Hose and Rubber Com-
pany. Bowers Kubber Company, Uocdyear
: Rubber Company, Revere Rubber com
pany, Gutta Percha and Rubber Manu
facturing Company. Gorham Rubber Com
pany. Nathan. Dohrmann & Co., Crane &
Co. and Miiler. Sioss & Scott. The con
tract for furnishing the Ik-inch hose was
awarded to the liowers Rubber Company,
the price being 20 cents per foot. The
Boston Woven Hose and Rubber Com
pany got the award for 1-inch hose at 14V»
cents a foot. These bids were the lowest!
Proposals for galvanized iron pipe were
next opened. The quantity advertised for
was 1000 feet of I^-inch, 3000 feet lVs-inch
and 5000 feet of 2-inch pipe. The bidders
were: Miller, Sloss & ricott; Crane &
Co.; Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson, and
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden. The con
tract for supplying IVi and l^s inch pipe
was awarded to Miller, Sloss & Scott, at
$14 50 and $17 25 per 100 feet. Crane & Co.
secured the award for 2-inch pipe at ?23
per 100 feet.
Proposals for furnishing lime and ce
ment were received from T. H. Holmes,
E. Aigeltinger and Henry Cowell. The
award for Portland cement went to
Holmes at $2 So per barrel. Aigeltinger
was the lowest on lime at $.1 36 per bar
rel and received the award. The Com
missioners ruled that the successful bid
der on cement should furnish a standard
quality of Portland cement, and desig
nated the following brands: Germania,
Gillingham, Josselyn and White.
Proposals for ha.y were next opened.
The bidders were; E. Aigeltinger, Som
ers & Co., J. L. Vermeil. Scott & Magner.
Peters & Cowey and Ellis & Co. Somers
& Co. proposed to supply gilt-edged
wheat hay at 50 50 per ton, and gilt-edged
oat hay at JS 50 per ton. This bid being
the lowest was accepted.
Bids to supply rolled barley, oats and
bran were received from Ellis & Co., Pe
ters & Cowey, Scott & Magner, J. L. Ver
meil, Somers & Co. and E. Algeltinger.
The contract was awarded to Somera &
Co.. whose figures were: Barley Jl6 25 per
ton, oats $1 15 per cental, bran $13 per ton.
A contract for supplying linseed oil at
70 cents a gallon was awarded to Whit
tler. Coburn & Co. Other bidders were:
Yates & Co.. Church & Co., W. P. Fuller
and Mttger Bros.
The lowest bid for lumber was tendered
by the Dickens Lumber Company, and tho
firm received the contract at these fig
ures: Pine, spruce, redwood, rough. $1S
per 1000; planed, $20 per 1000. Proposals
were made by the Humboldt Lumber
Company and Mechanics Mills. *
Proposals for furnishing coal were re
ceived and will be considered at a meet
ing of the commission to-morrow.
BECOMES THE BRIDE
OF A HONOLULU MAN
Frank Baldwin Comes From His Island
Home to Marry Miss
Kittredge.
THE SA2S FBA^GIJSUO' CAlili, FKIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
TURF SCANDAL
BIDS F AIR TO
END IN SMOKE
Danny Lynch and Ed Lsni
gan Appear Before the
Stewards.
Jockeys Pigg-ott and Hennessy Also
Heard — A Decision Wiil Be
Xecched at the Meeting •
to B- Held ToDay.
•
The stewards of th<* Western Turf As
sociation not a?a!n at tht- Palace Hotel
Ja*t night. v.i:h W. J. Martin. F. IT.
Green. Joseph '".iSm Simpson and M. J\
Terroy comprising the board. No start
ling developments v.ere brought to the
Bcrface ur.d it Us freely jprophesied the
much talked nbout turf s*jniai wiil end
la a big fizzle.
n«1 l^ar.lgan, the one-time friend and
e^-panner of Danny Lynch, vas the first
•witness to be examined, and from all ac
counts there was nothing In his story
thai would cast any discredit en Lynch.
Ji- said the latter had always treated him
pquareJy and honestly in their business
dealings and that Lynch'a money was free
as water. It was generally supposed the
politician was hot after his ex-i>artner's
scalp, apparently a mistaken conclusion.
•K-cKty M:*:e ilenriet^y was also called
nr.i questioned regarding his confession,
involving the honesty of Lynch and
Jockey Pig^ou, made to the stewards of
the California Jockey Club, and which
caused tne eruption, m tun circles. This
was somewttai modified by Mennessv,
which wou<d make it look as* if he <He:"i
eessyj rr.ig.'n have misconstrued matters.
tlenneasy Mii<i that on the day he rode
iiard Knot at Tantoran ana nnished
UnnL Lyncn caM he mi not playing the
horse ana did not csre whether he finished
::: the money or not. Hard Knot ran
n::rd. tti* fa?t (printer, i-'rank Bell, cap
turing the event. i:^rlii r in thf day. Hen
r.i ¦->;.• piloted t'T.e two-year-old Carlonian,
< :¦. irmca Lynch net r.-avjly and through
¦ racing luck failed to land the purse.
I m > L; ccn. whi came back from
v :¦< appear at the meeting, ga\«?
iis ve;sion cf the fetor;-. He said tn»t he
. !,jc bet down on Carlonian and was
nettled at Hese«s«T*i riiie, and that in
remarking "r.-> .iiun't car» whether Hard
: • «.,•> to tbe money or not" was be
cause h« had lost n:n?t of his meney on.
ih£ twi -'.•¦ :<r-< Id, However, *its orders
• ¦ N ' **to t?-k<? it easy the first
j.*rt end try an<l cutfoot tho field throusra i
:;-;»:• stretch." The fact, he rlaJmed. th,it
no bet %<t '- 1 it<i Knot did not
'. him ulln.z friends to play the !
: r ; • aad snew. which Lynch i
am be substantiated Danny also !
caid he could see no way in '.vhich Bell
could i c beaten.
¦'•:« :ids <<n th* nutfid" Danny Lynrh '
afterward reviewed the whole matter. He ;
;- "I always pive a boy tlOi when he .
wins cut a horse of mine, and when lion
came to me with a hard-luck story
jockey to send his trunk over
to th»- stable. After Hexmessy had rid- ,
r.e winner and received his money
h<~ tx sran •irinkine'.sr.d Mr. Lanigran said
to *r<-t another rider. After this Pig-pott
ard Bellman w^re engaged."
Jockey Rggott was questioned antnt '
* v - charge mad" against him by Hen- !
: - • • day the nrst-named ;
rSder Rat astride Hari Knot in a seven ;
furlong: run he remark- ''. "nothing 1 doing '
to-day."" Pig-g-ott «eaid his friends "wer
down" on the horse, a statement that
could also te proven.
At:r :•• .-iy "d.-.tpinfi:" ca«e had again
b*-«-n reviewed Jockey Powell was rein- ,
Ftat^d for a w*ak ride made at Tanforan
oa Gl'-rt-a 1 ' r. The suspension against I
Morpan for ar. alleged weak effort astride j
Prestome w^s rniiJe to t'.nr.inate on i
Ma >¦ L
AltbOQCh th<- name of "Willie ilartin wa?
rroupht up during the sesFion Bullman !
wp.« in do way connected with the affair.
1 ¦ stewards at a late hour adjourned
until this forenoon at 10 o'clock.
Wanted to Kill Himself.
Y. M. I. Dewey Day Picnic.
LOOK OUT FOR OUR SPECIAL MAY
DAY EDITION, OUT SUNDAY, APRIL 29.
// The Little >\ // Two Splendid >\
I MAYDAY \{l POSTER 1
II CHILDREN. )) 11 PAGES )
\\ AFuUPage. II \\- Icf Color. II
QUEEiN OF THE HUNT.
One of San Francisco's Most. Charming Society Belles.
Do You Know Her I
SILK-WEAVING SPIDER
Promises to Rival the Belgian Hare Industry in California.
STORY OF THE OAKLAND BRIDGE-TENDER
WHO HAS SAV£D THIRTY LIVES.
K phs CANDIDATES FOR RIBBONS fc^S? 1
COURAGEOUS WOMEN OF ARIZONA.
¦¦.'_'. ": -"-.:"¦! ¦--*¦¦¦¦¦'•-¦*-;* *¦- ¦'.'¦¦ '' ' T_" -_' .' '.' 't' . ¦\" r - -Z
And a Host of Other Newsy and Interesting Features.
/THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS ALL COMPETITORS
IN BRIGHTNESS AND ORIGINALITY.
9
John rajreu. a iri:'l<:'.e-aretl man. was
taker from a Sacramento River steamer
last right and locked up in the detention
¦card of the Receiving Hospital. His ar
:• tl was prompted by a friend, who
fesrred that Farrcil would kill hirnseif.
"While «n route to this city he attempted
to <iriv>? a nail into his head, but only
eucceedefi la cutting his scalp in twenty
places. He will h* examined by the Com
• -- ¦:- of Lunacy to-day.
Tae Doara ci jrar.acracTit representing
th* local cfiur.ri'.s of th? Toune Men's In
• ••¦ met last evening to make final ar
:.-.:._-¦ r.:-r.* c V r thc-ir picr.lc and excursion
to Cm Cfttot • D Devejr day. May LSAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BCPINT.fS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
rail, eorr.er cf Market and Third 6treets. open
r::tll 12 o'clock rvery n!ght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICnS-::7 Montgomery etreet.
rrmer C!cy; open until S:3O p. m.
80C Haven rtrect; open until ?:30 p. m.
(Z9 McAtl'.ster street: open until 9:39 p. m.
C 5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Mission ttreet; c^en until 10 p. m.
i:fl Market ttreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.tU S p. ci.
3d Eleventh Ftrert; cpen until » p. m.
"C?C V_>ncia street: open until J p. m.
ins IV.Ik rtreet: orrn urit!! 9 n. m.
Kcrt_wort corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turfcy street^: open tir.til 9 p. tn.
KEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cotnmanderj- No. 1. K. jb.
T No. 8. Pr>st «.— Regular assembly tSS^
THIS EVENING. Ordc-is ol ReJ Cross JMJ
2nd the Temple. All frnters cour- *^«
tecus'.y lnvitc.i. By order oi the ccm- *~
pander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA C~C__-&4erT Prill Coirs,
— Members cf the corps are notified to T_*p
assemble in the asylum THIS KVHN- f__j
ING at S o'clock for important busi- tjgT
rte=e. Fr_tere erf the comrr lanuery are v
Invited to be j>r*s"nt.
REUBEN P. HCRLBUT,
Drill Cores Commander.
YERBA BUENA Lortce of Perfectirn •**}»
No. I.— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) 5
BVEXnVG :it 7:10 O'clock. I>gree 9. fi\
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary. «£££&
JIBOV BEN ADIIEM Lodge No. _< : _ t **_:>.
112. I. O. O. X.— Members are noti- : q52H555j p
s,e<i to attend the funeral of rur : 2£*%X?^.
late brother. F. !I. STEVEN?. ""'''
from li!s late residence. 2119 Clay ft.. SAT-
URDAY. Arril 2S. at " r- m. fharp.
T. G. OBRAM. X. Q.
ST ANDREW'S Society— Annual pic- __ >.
r;c will be he! 3 at Faliiax i'ara. EaUJ
near San RaTael on SATLT.DAY.
May 12. 1900. Round triD tickets. ~=_7*
E&c- children. 25c: to b* had from members.
WILLIAM BALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
Zn'XUAL meetir.E-The regular annual meet-
ing of EtocklK.'der* of tr.e Hutctlnson Sugar
Plantation Company ~"!1J be held at the ofilee
ol t_e ccmpari-. . Z~ Blarket Ft.. Han Fran-
«-is?o.«Cal.. on Tu-sday. the fth day cf May.
IKO. at the hour cf 11 a. r_.. fcr the purpose
«>; eiectlr.g a liiard cf directors to porve for
the ensuing year an 3 the transaction of such
(¦•ther bi:s'.:i"ss as n;ay Baton before the meet-
ing. Transfer boc.ks will close on Friday,
Afril 27. ISOO. at t P- m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
AGEVTS WASTED.
KXr~RI~NCF.D building and loan agent*.
Room HOC, Clave fpreckels building.
A GCOD in— tHMlttffP for ladles or gentlemen.
YA'i V*rk»t pt.
ASTUOLOGV.
FHofT A . mT?I : KYK Y of Egypt greatest astrol-
rp'.st and patattiflt in the world ; satisfaction
;ruarar;?ee^. IT. Powell Ft.
ATTOUXEi'J AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce Ihw a specialty; private; j
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W. j
HOWE, att'y at law. S."» 0 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
tF. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney at law; tele-
phone Ilavit ZM. 4IS Kearny st.
ADVICE free; n 1 charge v.nless successful. W.
W. DAVIPSOX. E2I Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MKRZRACH. attorney at law. has n--
F;:rrf"i practice at X^Z Cal. St.. Clunle bMg.
_.. P. CLARK. Kmma ?preckels bldg.. S2T Mar-
ket st.: nonsuit at ion free: no fe^s in advance.
RATH CABIM:T — HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBINSON Si (-panel !ci<t*Tig; door opens firm
and raf.-. W. S BROWN, gen. apt.. <C« Eilia.
mSIASIAX HARES.
AT r. E. MASONS. 1710 Everett Bt.. AJ«.-
trefia— "LOlll> ESSEX." Imported, fee $29;
"Teddy Kocsevelt," winner first prize Lo»
ABECtat, f*-' 1 S'.C; "Har-d/ Styles." twn son
cf "fir Etylee." fee JU; "IM:_ln Prince,"
own ?or. of -'I/Mrd Britain" and "Avalanche."
fee $15: "Genera! Washington" (heavy— -e!f;ht).
Ron cf "Star Huck." fee JIC; does bred to
these huctt frcm JlO up; closed Sundays.
THE largest nnd bcst-eq'.iix>ped rabhltry north
of Los Angeles: Imported *>Was hares;
wholesale and retail; fashionable strains of I
:rr.; —.•¦'. bucks and doe* nlwajra on hand: j
irant <iocs; a full line cf rabbitry supplies.
GOLOEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,
COS-Cll Golden Gate aye.. P. F. ; tel. South
CO. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
ATTENTION— TREMONT nELGIAIC HARE
CO.. I 13« Fill— ;ore «.. Pan Kranclsco. Cal.
fVri 6 cents in s-'arr ips for bock en care and j
fee<i:r.7 The cheapert and b"st treatise on I
the subject.
HA WTJIOIC'K RAP.IUTR7. 4GO Tayicr aye..
Alcme-a. Cal.— Headquarters for fine pedi-
frTT-eoi Be'rrlin hares; all prices. Grande Dash
(imp.*, bervice {15. Inspect!-*! r.f rtrck so-
Ilfit..'.. T. P. RAYMOND. Prop.
SALESROOM for the Laurel Dell Babbitry of
f-a!:iias. r_l- at the Montgomery Market. 725
Market «.; SEents for the ileadow Brook
P.eigian Hare C<::r.r_ry of Ix>s Angeles.
VICTORIA RARBITRY— Headed by Palace
Royal. •corS&C 6 prizes; other buck* at, Etud
and for sale; doc* rf _!1 grades and strains.
Tr.re<l and unbred. iITT Seventh aye.. E. Oakl'd.
TTTIY is It tho=e —ho purchase of th<? Eureka j
RhbbMry peoo___c_d others? We handle the
hffZ arri 'l:*- j *-i<~->« are rens'&ble. VA'y.K Turk.
HoSEMONT Rat-ttry. 3fi Maple court, off 14th.
above Cuem-ru — Brewing does. 112 £.0 up;
youngsters. %', _p; large stork; Oxwat strains.
lI ASCOT P.AI*.I}ITRY. AT. Sutter et.. S. F. Fine
r« stork — uaranteed: at reasonable
]iri(»»; service. TIo and 525.
"FOR rule — redipreed Belgian hares; from J5
§ upward. MARKKT-PT. RABBITRY. W. C.
L',"NT!IAM. proprietor. U32*Market st.
THE rncina! P.aM>itry. Hasl-tt _ R»w. 12_!
Grand St., Alfcrreda. ; correspond, solicited.
BOAXimSG FOB CHILDR_S.
"WIDOW, having her hrme near school, would
Sike chlSdn-n to care for; rocm fcr parent. C&JI
f. to 1: at 4. 13 25th St.. bet. Noe and Sanchez.
BOARD for one or two children in German
family: Many yard. 4-3 Minna et.
GOOD honr.e for a child, with German widow.
I*3 EacfcOTT aye.. near r;^u E h.
BOOKS BOSW AM» OLD.
WCHOOU DOOKfI hcurht and exchanged.
F-irre* r>'V Co.. TN MK*tn«i rt.* near Third.
UUUT AMJ BHOiS IiIKUAi.VS.
SABGACCS in ladles' and children's ahoea;
<lrun:— lerv' »•*— :j..;<-a at ir iari;:facturer'a cost.
3 K«~»HLPE''KEK. Ui Fourth Et.
BUSINESS CUAXCES.
A POO SALOON on Fourth et.; larre stock
and a first-class p_j-:n_ business ; rent {li;
owner 10 leave for Nome; a jrreat t>acrifice.
Call 11. G. WILKE. 0.-S Market fct. |
A— s2ooo; PARTNER --_nted in best-located sa- !
tloon on Market St.; place open day and night; j
_oinp a firft-class payir.ij., business; owner j
wants a good honest — ;an tur assistance. Pat-
ticulars H. (? WILKE, 90S Market st.
A— OLD-ESTABLISHED roadbouse with over
one acre of prounU: ho-jfee of- 7 furnished
riK)— is. wltli barroom, piino. etc.; iect t3O.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. IK* Market st.
A— JSOO— BAZAAR and notion store., with 3 fine
living rooms ; rents 122 £*; a good paying bus-
iness; stock values the price.; best location oa
principal -trcet. R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market.
A— JliOO: BAKERY on leading; business street; j
Western AUd:Uo&; rent jo;; 3 horses, wagon;
I _ew over.s: bak:n_ SM, barrels per day; tlck-
r.eec caute of e-le. &«e R. O. WILKE. »0C
Market Bt.
A— J2tCO; CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
et. : rent tl\ Including: rooms; larce stock of
liquors and proceries; a flryt-tlats, paying
fcUEineas. Inquire R. G. WILKE, SOS Market. |
jt- 12000; CORNER crocery and bar. with 4
Jivir-p rooros; r*r.t j:.9: 3 yeans' lease: the best
comer en Mission St.; place dolnK a r.ooa
payinr ceth business; full value In eight.
Call It. G. WILKE. &<K Market Bt.
tJOO— A FIRST-CLASS nlooa on the water
front: a rood stock, fixtures, safe and cash
register, vrlll be nold at a treat sacrifice on
account of ether business. J. E. —LIXKKY
& CO.. 1 Fifth st.
A CIGAR store; Wholesale district: great eac-
riflce. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st. '
A— PARTNER —-anted In good paying business 1
with CiCO. COWING & CO.. Tl9 Maikct st. j
fr.no— BAP-EFTR siiop: 4 chairs: well established; !
barjraln. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market, j
ISC'}— BAKERY; bargain: Disagreement of part-
r»j- cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
*777»* Market siu
A— ZVA: PARTNER --antrd; must be steady,
rtli_L!<» man; satisfied with tIS to TM a week;
no ; :• 'i.t or Sunday work: trial clven before i
ijuylnr. Apply at 9 Geary ft., room 2.
j«!*i_FlXl~ csrriaga and w_ron factory: a bar- '
gain: must leave city. JONES & CO.. £65 Mkt.
WILL f<ll pood riiTcie fcj*!nesB and Al repair
shop, wheels, tocis, sundries; &_O. 1454 Mar-
ket st.
TO lease — O!<3 ostab ishod hrewf-y; fitted up for
Immediate operation. 217 Sacramento st.. San j
$300 CASH— Double express and business: es-
tablUhed 18 years, with good paying haulinj.
Address box I*os. Call.
ETATIONERY. brar.cb l/akery. candies, dears
and Laundry in connection. 1259 Market st. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
SOME GOOD SENSIBLE ADVICE.
We have on our list some bargains rare.
And in our dcallnus we are fair:
Saloons and restaurants of every Blze.
For sale, in The Call we advertise.
Po if in business you wish to go
In Ferln_ us do not be Blow.
The uurr.her Is Market, seven five nine.
So come uy early and fall in line. '
If you wish to sell or wish to buy.
When you mean business, us do try.
We are not here Just for our health,
But, like our patrors, are gaining • wealth.
You don't risk life, nor pay big fare
To come, and in our profits share.
Bo don't rls-k life in going to Nome.
Invest in business and Ftay at home.
REMEMBER MARKET 7E9. t
Don't full to call on us in time.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY.
BARGAIN; J2M will buy good cigar stand:
half a block from Market et. ; doing a good
business; present owner going to Nome.
HROCKLEIIURST & MEGLADDERY, 759
Market tX.
BARGAIN— Corner grocery and ber: good loca-
tion; rent $*»; no reasonabla offer refused.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY. 759
Market Et.
GOOD cppcrtunlty: manufacturing business for
the restoration of hair and patent medicines:
rights and patents all clear; will sell entire
plant or half interest In same; A) Investment.
Brocklehurst A Megladdery. 759 Market St.
QUICK 6ales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy. sell or exchange any
property or burfr.ess. we are able to please
you in every respect. BROCKLEHURST £
MEG LAPDKRY. 7*9 Market st.
FOR Bale — Old-established drug store In North-
ern California town of 8M0; no t_tter drug
town In State: invoice about $3000;~w!ll sell 2a
per cent below invoice: reason for selling satis-
factory; business very profitable. Address
box 3153, Call :
$100- WAN TED— Active, reliable man to take
interest in an old-established commission
business that will pay from $75 to $100 per
month the year round: no experience re-
quired. Apply at 1016 Market St.. room 10.
DRUG store for rale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property: a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug store In a pood mining town; cash trade.
Call at 7SJ O'Farrell st.. city.
SALOON for sale cheap. 872 Fourth st.
LEAVING city— Nice art and stationery store
for sale: good location. 628 Post st.
BARBER shop for rent: completely furnished;
2 chairs; long established business; good lo-
cation <-n Third Ft.: rent complete, $22. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON _ CO.. 614 Call
bldg.
FOR rale— Saloon In ¦wholesale district at a
bargain; good reasons for selling; no night
workt fine location. Box 4577. Call office.
RESTAURANT for Bale; doing a good business;
cheap rent: good reason for selling. Call at
li Ei.hth St.
FOR sale— Barber chop: good business; rare
chance. Box 279. San Luis Obispo, Cal.
BAKERY store. 1105 Howard St.; 4 rooms; large
oven and tools to let low; location excellent.
¦WANTED — Home bakery; must be doing good
business; cheap for cash. Box 4571. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor fcr sale.
Inquire 1532 Stockton Et.
1-CHAIR barber fhon fcr sale; cheap; account
of departure. 1933 Mission st.
BARI'EK sh^p: Kocd business: 3 living rooms
in rear. 1223 Market St.. Oakland.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper fhop: also steel range; doing good
business; established 14 years. 411^ Califor-
nia st.
AT riSSn— Must be sold immediately; good-pay-
lrs saloon; central location: urgent reasons;
no a_ents. Bix •4:.65. Call office^
BUTCHER Fhop; good trade and location; horse
and wagon: route; sacrificed to go to Cape
Nome. 475 East Twelfth st.. East Oakland.
FOR sale, cheap— Paying grocery and bar; cor-
ner; cause owner's death. 2240 Folsom Bt.
SINGLE young man with few thousand In cash
depires an opportunity In business or other-
— -lse. Box 4.'.41. Call.
GOOD raying saloon aHd caTe for f_le; cheap;
rent $20. Box 2322. Call office.
BARBER shop; must be *old this week. 5035
Sixteenth Ft. ________
WELL-ESTABLISHED brancn bakery, candy
end notion store cheap; reasons, going back
East. 916 Railroad aye. South.
p:0-CIGAR stand; splendid opportunity; good
location. See owner. 92 Minna, bet. 3 and 5.
WELL-ORGANIZED machine shop, established
In ISGI. for sale cheap. Box 4C54, Call office.
COKFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacsaincnto St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements anrt subscriptions
received at Call br_nch office. 2200 Fill— lore.
A BRANCH office lor the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at IC2T! Po!k 6t.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubfcriftio/is has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Et.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
£O^Ro6si~CORNER HOUSE;; RENT $1<».
New furniture: grand banraln: see it. For
eale only by DECKER, ÜB9 Market st.
IS-ROOM house at your own price. Apply to
DECKER. 1020 Market fct.
100 rooms; rent $50: clears $200 $lfOo
is rooms: en Third st 2W
30-room corner: 2 entrances; half cash 2'JOO
S-room flat: new; elegant 250
is rooms; on one n\x>r; near Call office... E5O
37 rooms; on Hov.-ard n. : only $."™ cash.. 4'»)
25 rooms; on Market St.; v.-orth $1200 803
V> rooms; on Mason st.; payments 450
36 rooms; on Market St.; payments ISi>J
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1»> Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
27 rooms; <:l<?an; part cash; taole board. .s2f>oo
63 rooms; N Market: nice and fine 3400
20 rooms; rent 560; clears $00..% 600
9 rooms; meals given; north side 4QO
44 rooms; rent $120; income $2^o mo 2500
17 rooms; rent $50; Income $115 monthly.. 750
11 rooms; rent S2S; full: nice; all men 225
And many more. Please call for particulars.
R~ H WINSTON & CO.. 1^26 Market St.
; RELIABLE BROKERS
23 rooms, near Market ft., reduced to $G5O
20 rooms, corner. A No. 1 furniture Jlo<io
47 rooms, rent only $75: on Sutter st $2SOO
". rooms, fine corner, part cash, only $1600
$1500 — HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; 2 lots and
furniture; rents for $45 per month: at Han-
ford, Cal. KREDO & CO., 3« Geary Et.
$300 — FUNNY cor.; 16 rooms: neat and clean;
clears $S0 a month. KREDO & CO., 36 Geary.
BARGAIN— 9- room lodging-house; central lo-
cation; all occupied; good furniture; rent low:
clearing $32 above rent: will sell for $300. Call
between 11 a. m. and 7 p. m., 743 Howard st.
SNAP — $400: 22 rooms, all rented; pood location;
cause of selling, sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$275— ELEGANTLY furnished; 8 rooms; bath;
yard; full roomers; great bargain. 913 Howard.
CAIUUAGES AND yVAGOMS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, boggles, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
FELLING out. half cost, 100 sets harness. 200
wagons. 1140 Folscrn st.. near Eighth.
CARPBT BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULDIN'G'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. Si 3-357 Teh_ma Bt.; tel. S. 49.
J. n. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co., HO 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr,. 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpst Cleaning Co..
4i3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest ratesw
CARPETB cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 40.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3t4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION ! ~.\T.7™".~."."".. REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Mr.st Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
P.ereals Your Life Frcm the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Esoecinlly
Her nsslstance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekln diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
fche has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot csll. for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
weman. Consultation by mall is always suc-
cessful and Hatlsf-ctory, and all correspondence
Is ktpt sacredly confidential.
Addrers or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
ay«., East Oakland. C.-U.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
rrtf at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway. - :. .s ¦ .: ¦ ¦.--_ ¦ . .
GO to Wst6on, "only natural" palmist and oc-
cult medium; the luckl«-st and truest on the
coast: readings 25c. 1581 Market et., near
Twellth: specimens, mall. EOc.
MRS. BAILEY, circle R p. m.. 10c; readings 25c
and up. 1204 Fillmore st.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; test
readings to-day. 25e. 126 O'Farrell st.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetic medium;
sittings, $1; clr. Frl.. 2 p.m.. 25c. 233 Valencia.'
SPIRITUALISM.
NAPOLEONIC spiritual developing circle to-
night. 25c; "Under Venua, Goddess of
Beauty." 220 Eddy st. ___^
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
. medium, life reader: sitting. $1. HC* Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
MRS. DB~~CLA_u£ „„„„„
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life: while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
the will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost
affections; unite the separated: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life, while In a perfect trance;
satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send etamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk St.. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. daily.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fells; has the greatest Egyptian
eecret: shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and r.p: satisfaction to everybody: tips
"on races. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St., near Larkin.
MIFS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92l% Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 25c; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
• palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card r«ader;
Elttlnga dally. 212H Sixth gt.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busi-
ness advice. 527^4 Post st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NOME.
PARTIES wishing to obtain stock In the
Alaska and Cape Nome Company, or Informa-
tion regarding same, can apply to W. E.
BARNARD, secretary, Examiner building, S.
F., room 202, or 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best; latest improvements. 191M4 Mission st.
LATEST Alaska rocker with pump; be sure and
Eec It. 3 Natoma Et. *
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
leys successful.' Room 310. 527 Market st.
' COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE; 3 sunny rooms; yard. 134 Rose
aye., between Gough and Octavla.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllngs
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; gee our flesh-colored platen thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years, filling*. 50o; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. oor. itli. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 GO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge work; fllllngs. gold. $1 up;
Fllver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 9C3 Mission, cor.Sth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charpe for extracting when plates are made;
old plates maile over like new: teeth from $8
per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 73e. with writ-
ten guarantee fur G years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DKNTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk: painless
«»xt., crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till lz.
EASTERN Dental Parlor, 119 Third St.: crown,
bridge work; ext. painless; full get teeth $7.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of taeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS 4I Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEYS C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital. I
£10 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 2&7.
DR. BL'7-ARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
j animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
I UUKSSMAKEUS ANU SEAMST RK-MS:*
1 ____________ _^. -^ -_¦-_?_, f ,_,,_
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Po6t st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary St.; dresses
made, to up: dresses made over; perfect n't.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Mofratt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SHORTHAND— lndividual Instruction each
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer. 1720 Market st. ; highest speed
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the inventor of phonography); rates $5
per month; by mail $4; another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-paije catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school — Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market Bt., San F*nclsco.
AYRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL etudents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COI,LEGE. 1226 Market Bt.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
ADULTS and children taught English branches;
Individual instruction; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, lOCS Mission ;violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 .Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes beet laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment ofllce; established over five years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment ofllce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office-
Best help. 417 Powell st., telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nesc. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tal. Black r.072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman; good cook and housekeep-
er; assist with washing; city or country; give
reference. Call 141 Hyde st., near Turk; no
postals. '
WANTED— A situation to do general housework
In small private family; good cook, or would
do second work. Call at 843 Franklin st. ;
telephone Red 2CSB.
DANISH girl wishes a position as cook In pri-
vate family: best of wages $30.
1C63 Howard st. y ,
HUNGARIAN girl wants housework and plain
cooking: likes children; speaks a little Eng-
lish; $12. 1931 Sixteenth aye.. South 8. F,
LADY wants work by the day; quick and neat.
Address 4 Sherwood place, off Third, between
Howard and Mission. /-.'•-
SITUATION as working housekeeper and cook;
hotel or boarding-house; city or country; ref-
erences. Box 4575. Call office.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman; light house-
work. 4222 Twenty-fifth Bt.
A — WOMAN wlnhes to do housework by day;
I wages £1 and car fare. 136 Hayes et.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
RELIABLE 'German woman, speaks English,
wants work by the day as nurse, seamstress,
housecleaning, /office work. Call 522 Stockton.
WANTED— A lady wants a partner in a -well-
established business;, will bear investigation.
626 I st.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Position as Infant's or Invalid's
•nurse; good references; no choice of location;
salary $15, $25. Address box 3443, Call.
NEAT, young competent woman with a boy
of 6 wants position as general housekeeper;
best of references; no objection to short dis-
tance in country. Address Box 2760, Call,
Oakland.
LADY with little girl, 8 years old, would llk»
a place to work In small family; home more
than wages; good plain cook; city or Oak-
land. 572 Clementina et.; no trlflers.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take car» of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union at.
TWO young ladies going to Cape Nome would
like the promise of work there; have their
fare paid. Box 4559, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress. Is a good hand on
children's* frocks, wants work by the day.
Box 4580. Call office.
NEAT German girl wishes position for general
housework or second girl. 709 Polk St. .
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: good reference. 508 Franklin st.
LADY with one child wishes to do chamber-
work; wages $15. 314 Sixth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $160 to, $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st _____________¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — 3IALE.
YOUNG Irish Catholic ecclesiastical student.
wJthout means of pursuing his studies, de-
sires position as teacher or tutor or any con-
genlal situation. Box 1806, Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper seeks situation In
office; thorough knowledge of ofllce routine;
exceptional references. H. E., 623 Fell St.,
San Francisco. •/*.-?
THOROUGH accountant desires situation;
well qualified to handle any system of books;
competent to accept position as secretary or
manage office.' Address C. E., bo_ 181 S. Call.
MAN and wife would like situation on ranch:
man as general ranch hand, wife as cook.
Address J. H., 474 Jessie st.
ELDERLY man open for a situation May 1;
fair cook; good bread maker; country pre-
ferred. Address box ISO 4, Call office.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly competent in every
respect m handling horses and first-class gar-
dener; with best of ref. G. L.. 2759 Mission.
COUNTRY newspaper man, practical all-
round compositor and pressman, wants posi-
tlon; references. W. J., box ISCB. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as good
cook In a family. H. 1.. 248 Ellis st.
A YOUNG man of good appearance and habits
would like a position as nurse or attendant;
understands massage; city reference. Ad-
dress box 4374, Call.
ENGINEER, flrst-cla3s traction, thrashing or
any kind, would like work. Call or address
Engineer, 2808 Laguna st.
GOOD gentlemen garment cutter with much
experience desires position in city or country.
Address box 4573, Call. :
RELIABLE young rr.an want,* some kind of
work for the mornings. Box 4572, Call.
BARBER, first-class workman, wants position
In country or Oakland. Box 4579. Call ofllce.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness in all branches, is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation In private family; ref-
erences. C. S., 1022 Jackson St.
fcIAN wishes situation in dairy: Is first-class
milker and can take care of horses. 4427
Mission road; telephone, Capp 462.
NURSE, graduate of training school, would
like situation. G. A. McKENZIE. 217
Minna at.
SITUATION as day or night clerk In lodging
house; middle ace; strictly temperate; ex-
perlcnced. Address MORTON, box 4556. Call.
AN experienced gardener, 32 years of age. Ger-
man, has knowledpe of few other mechanical
trade?, desires position as gardener. Janitor
or house agent. K. W. Q., 101 Bartlett st.
BY active, m!dd!e-a_<?d, respectable, educated
mnn of family; outside work preferred; refer-
ences for 30 years hsre and security. Box
4.'ul, Call office.
WANTED— By competent man, position to
clean and repair harness. Box 4508, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn, flowers; In private family; very useful
and willing. Box 4634. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Ft.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and.
rubfscrlptlons has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla yt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071% Market St.; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
BEST centrally located flats for small families;
nice neigh Wffnood; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento St., above Powell.
ELEGANT large sunny flat; 8 rooms; modern
improvements. NW. cor. Page and Shrader.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine modern middle flat:
6 rooms; bath; City Hall; fur. or unfurnished.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &lIOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
TO let— Sunny flat cf 5 rooms, bath. 318 Capp
street.
TWO elegant corner- flats of 7 rooms and bath
each; sun all day; rent very reasonable. 300
and 302 Scott st., near panhandle.
VALENCIA, 1306 — Flat, 6 large rooms; sunny
yard; cheap to right party.
$18— UPPER flat, 5 rooms, bath; modern; ma-
rine view; close to cars. 1121 Filbert st.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard: base-
ment: rtnt moderate. 1931, 1935, 1937 O'Farrell.
$10—4 LARGE rooms and yard. 627 Grove st..
between Laguna and Octavla.
PLATE TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNITUnE bargain— Elegant furnishings of
G-room flat on Van Ness aye.; rent $35; never
been used: Axminster carpets: solid mahogany
parlor furniture; round dining table; brass
bed, cost $55: if responsible cash not required.
H. J. MOORE, 1039 Market st.
BIRCH, aye., s—l rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nlshed.
KUHMTUttB FOR* SALE.
r'ROOilS*"fu'rnts'hed In oak "for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— The furniture of a seven-room house;
complete; piano. 2224 Union st.
FL'KMTURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for .your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — 4 chambermaids and waitresses. J2O,
nice country hotels, also city: 10 hotel wait-
resses, _$20; chambermaid and waitress, $15;
waitress, $20, same place, country; 1 restau-
rant waitresses, $6, $7 week; 4 hotel cooks,
$25, $30, city nnd country; French nurse, $20;
2 Infant nurses, $20. $25; 2 nursegirls, $20;
mother and daughter, $30, country place, or
2 sisters or friends; German .second girl, $20;
chambermaid and seamstress. $25, see lady
In office to-day: 4 Becond girls. $20; 2 cooks,
no wash. $35. J. F. CROSETT, 816 Sutter st.
12 GIRLS; general housework; $20 to $30.
1 cook; Oakland; $30.
2 girls, Oakland; $20 to $25.
1 waitress; Vallejo; $25 and found; fare paid.
1 housekeeper; Blue Canon: widower's family.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market St.;
Oakland office. 1003% Broadway.
CHAMBERMAID and laundress for Santa
Clara; see party here at 11 o'clock; $25 a
SIRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COOKS, wcond girls and nursegirls; good
wages. MRS. CATTELL, 625 Eighth st.,
Oakland. .
YOUNG girl for housework.. Apply at 1019 H
Bt., cor. Twalfth aye.; take blue cars going
to Cliff House.
GIRL wanted for general housework; one who
bleeps at home. Apply at 33A Capp St., be-
tween 12 and 4.
WANTED— GirI for light housework 1n small
family; wages $15. Call after 9, 2229 Leaven-
worth st., near Chestnut. ¦¦_,}¦
WANTED— A good 1 talloress. Apply C. RAPH-
EAL, 2822 Greenwich st. =
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. 6H
Kearny st., room l_
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN _ c6TrTjPHON_rGRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 Waitresses, check and tray work. $25; 17
waitresses, first-class, commercial hotels, $20
and $25; 3 waitresses/ city hotels, $20; 2 res-
taurant waitresses, $7 week; 2 fancy lroners,
$9 week; chambermaid, city. $20; chamber-
maid, city, $1S; chambermaid, city, $15
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
cook, no dishes to wash, $30, see party here at
10 to-day; women to cook for men; 2 second
girls, choice places, $20; 2 cooks, country,
J2o; cook. city. $30; 5 housegirls, city. $20
and ?25: 2 housegirls to go together, $.40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSE for sanitarium work. $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
Ing In private family; city; reference re-
quired. Apply between ll and 12 a. m., at
room 212 Occidental Hotel.
WANTED— Woman to wash napkins and help
on dlahes during lunch. 307 California st.
WANTED— GirI to do cooking and downst-lrs
work. Call forenoon, 2101 Pacific aye.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20; small
family. 1705 Baker at.
WANTED— First-class skirtmaker: also ap-
prentlce on ladles' tailoring. 4S Ellis st.
YOUNG girl for second work; wages Jl5. Call
bet. 8 and 12. 2597 Howard st.
WANTED— GirI to assist In housework; $15.
71S Stfelner st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework.
Apply 2634 Howard st. .
YOUNG girl for general housework;' small
family. 2225 Pacific aye.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; 2 In
family. 1304 A Masonic avenue.
WANTED— 2 colored girls; 1 as cook. 1 for
chamberwork. Call 239 Post St., room L
TAILORESS wanted: steady work for good
tallorees. 2132 Mission st., bet. 17th and 13th.
GOOD help at dressmaking; J3 a week. 1504
California st. -
GIRLS.- W; GIRLS" GIRLS.
Highest. wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
BTRAUSS & CO., 86_ Fremont St.; elevator.
NEAT woman or girl for light housework and
take care of child; J10; good home. 2520
Mission St., near Twenty-first.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hairdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st.
WANTED— Vest finishers,' buttonhole makers
and apprentices.' 609 Kearny st., room 2.
FIRST-CLASS walstmaker. 1037 Post St.
GERMAN woman to assist in light housework;
small family. 1130 Mission st.
PANTS operator; steady work. 110 William,
off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones.
VEST maker and apprentice wanted. 617
Jessie st. ¦
LADY agents wanted. Apply £12 Hayes Bt. ;
morning.
LADY hairdresser for nice place; permanent;
good wages. Address box 4554. Call office.
GIRL to learn hairdressing; also one to learn
manicuring and face massage. 240 Stockton.
FEW young ladles to join night school: low
rates. Ayres" Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ot. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Band sawyer, country mill, $90 per
month and board; ocrew turner, same place,
J49 and board; 3 buying hands for Santa
Clara Co., $26 and fo*und; 5 milkers, near city.
$30 and $25; man to run self binder on large
ranch, near city. $30 and board; stablemau
on ranch, good steady job at $25 per month
and board; working foreman on ranch, near
city. $30 t<i-J3". and board
waiter, country hotel, nice place $30
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay Bt.
WANTED
Bread and cake baker for country shop, JiO
per month and found; baker's helper, country
shop. J3O and found. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged man for general work
about milk and butter depot In city. ref. req.,
steady place. $20 per month and found. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st
A— soo MEN WANTED TO-DAY
. Railroad work; long jobs $2 a day
Free transportation to the work. Apuly to
.C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
20 laborers for sawmills and woods, no experi-
ence required, $26 and board, fare advanced.
see bots here: band sawyer, $90 and board;
ecrew Getter, $40 and board; 10 Jackscrewers.
cross-cut sawyers and swampers. $26 to $35
and board; machinist. $3 day; 4 blacksmiths,
$2 50 to $3 day and $40 to $45 and board; 15
farmers, milkers, choremen and others. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 SAILORS or seafaring men to work on a
dredger, $40 and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO. .^
A— 3 FRY cooks, $60, $55 and $50; second cook,
$50; second cook, $40; German baker, country,
$35 to $40; pantry man, $25; 6 waiters, $25 and
$30; waiter, boarding-house, $25. C. It.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— NURSE who can give massage, country, $10
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
PLATEN press feeder wanted. HANCOCK
BROS.. 73 Third st.
FARMER and milker, Humboldt Co., $40 and
found; 3 carpenters, $3 day; car builders; 4
machinists, $3 to $3 25 day; man and wife
for poultry* ranch, $40; farmers for steady
work, $25; band sawyer, $90 and board; sec-
ond setter for mill. $26 and board; edger man,
$3 day; butter maker. $35 to $40; 5 milkers,
$23 and |30; chore boy, $10 and found; 20 la-
borers for mill and woods, $26 and board,
fare advanced: laborers for mine, $1 day
and board; laborer to learn mining, $2 day;
miners; car men; 10 bark peelers, $30 and
found; 10 wood choppers, Jl 25 to $2 cord,
tools advanced, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country, German or
Swede. $40; second cook, country. $40, $35;
broiler. $55; baker, $10; second cook and bak-
er. $12; cake baker, $40; waiter. $7 week; sec-
ond baker. $25; third-hand baker, $3C; dish-
washers. $6, $5, $4 50 week, $20 month; vege-
table man, ?20 month; lunch waiter, $20;
other hotel and restaurant help. J. F. CROS-
ETT Acency, 628 Sacramento st.
3 STOUT laborers for dredger: <-all early; $40
month and board. J. .F. CROSETT AGENCY,
628 Sacramento St.
2 BOYS wanted at once. BUSINESS WOMAN'S
CLUB; 927 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive ! Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Cook (single) for small restaurant;
must know his business: wages $10 to $12:
rlso dishwasher and evening waiter. 710
Kearny st.
WANTED— A first-class watchmaker; steady
position; German preferred. For particulars
write with references to JOS. MAYER &
BROS.. Seattle. Wash.
WANTED — Good carpenters; $4 per day. Apply
J. W. SCHOUTEN. lumber yard. Sixth and
Channel sts. • •
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day; $5; steady place for good man; no Etu-
dents. 1310 Castro st.
TWO good canvassers; salary $1 B0; none but
hustlers need apply. Santa Clara. Milk Co.,
721-723 Howard st.
WANTED— Bookkeeper for livery stable; from
2 to 4 hours a day; wages $23; state are.
Box 1317, Call office.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third
street.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; steady. 629
Union st. ¦
2 BARBERS for Saturday. 797 Mission st.
BARBER wanted; must be Al. . 12 Fifth st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 105 Fourth st.
BARBERS-^Wanted to buy second-hand revolv-
ing chair. Box 4535. Call office.
TAILOR— ROOS BROS.. 23-37 Kearny Et.
WANTED— Young man to do painting and
paper hanging. 319 Third st. , .
DISHWASHER wanted; at 217 Sixth st.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work
and jobbing gardening. SCO Halght st.
WANTED— Piano player for country. Apply
630 Jessie st. . ¦ .
WAITER wanted at 537 Fourth Bt.
PANTS maker wanted at 1110 N Market st
DISHWASHER. Capital Restaurant, 206 Mc-
Alllster st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M •••
3 sailors for a dredger, see boss here...J4o id
2 sheep herders. J25 and found, steady, good
job; man for a chicken ranch J25 and fd
6 haymakers Jl 25 day and fa
TO THE MINES j~
23 miners, single-hand Jp
65 laborers (you'll suit), good mines.. J34 fxi
Repair man, country cyclery
Machinist, lathe hand, country J3 50 day
3 men to thin peaches, same orchard.. J26 fd
MECHANICAL HELP
Carriage trimmer, J3O
16 blacksmiths, also some helpers, t- 50 day.
J35, J45, J5O and found; 3 wagonmakers, J2 50
and {40 and found; machinist, lathe hand,
city job, J3 day; carriage woodworker. J9O
FARMS. DAIRIES STAHLES, ETC
63 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, J3O, J3O. J26. $20 and fd;
COME SEE; 43 milkers and butter-makers,
J35, J3O, J25 and found; 6 stablemen and 3
gardeners, J3O, J4O. J25 and found; 29 chore-
men and boys, $25, J2O, $15, Jlo and found;
gardeners, coachman. 3 separators for dairies.
COME.LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.SEE
3Mi laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some In San Francisco, J2 and
Jl To day, J3O, J2S por month and found: 38
scraper teamsters. '. J27 50 and found
IS laborers, you'll suit this mine..?3o. $33 fd
B43.TIEMAKERS AND WOODCHOPPERS.S43
J3. $2 50. J2, Jl 73, Jl 50, Jl. 70c cord : 10c, l2c,
13c each: tools and provisions found; some
fares paid and at mines; Portuguese milker,
J36 and found; 2 men or strojsg boys for a
slaughter-house, J2O and found; 365 Jobs not
advertised COME SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARE PAID .....NORTH
65 laborers; you'll suit. MURRAY & READY.
A— WE PAY YOUR FARE Read Carefully
To sawmill woods Come at once
Millwright, J4 day 3 coopers, J3 day
6 rough carpenters, you'll suit J6O
3 carpenters, housework, etc, boss here.. ..s6o
Band sawyer, friction nigger, boss here.JDO fd
Band sawyer, steam nigger, boss here....J104
screw turner, $10 and found; gang edgerman;
second man on carriage, J3O and found.
ANYBODY WILL SUIT THE FOLLOWING.
184 men for all classes of work, such as learn-
ing to run machines, carrying off timber,
piling lumber, wheeling sawdust, laborers In
woods, clearing brush away and 50 other dif-
ferent jobs, wages running from J26, $30, J35,
J4O and found; also bark peelers, tree-fellera,
offbearers, swampers, snipers and 34 other
positions for mills and woods, from J3O, $35,
J4O, J5O. $60, J7O. J&O and found.
WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARES 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL. BAKERY. Laundry, Other DeptsT
Cook and wife for mine kitchen, boss here..
J43 and found
Cook for a small mine. J35: dishwasher for
mine, J3O; cook, J4O; plain waiter, same hotel.
J2O. fare Jl
32 waiters, J35, $30, J25, J2O fd; COME SEE;
S7 cooks $60, J5O, J35. $40, $30 and found
3 porters; elevator boys; help for Institutions;
27 dishwashers, potwashers, $30, $25, $20, $15
and found; 7 second and third bakers, J4O, $35.
$30, $25 and found; 12 laundrymen. all classes,
$35, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Reliable man with small capital for
light, genteel work; can make $15 to «1S per
week; steady place. Apply 1016 Market St..
room 10.
STRONG boy wanted to feed Gordon press.
Wale Printing Co.. 1305 Polk st.
GARDENER wanted. Call at flower store. 1211
Polk st. .
WANTED — Young man; neat. After 9:30 a.
m. at 207 Powell at., room 2.
BURNISHER wanted In DENNISTON'S S. F.
Plating Works. 6:2 Mission st.
WANTET>— Men having acquaintance and In-
fluence with many employes. M., box ISO3,Ca!I.
GOOD bootblack at 1201'~4 Polk St., near corner
of Sutter.
BARBER shop; In good mining town; for sale;
cheap; shaving 25c. DECKELMAN BKOS.,
106 Ellis Et.
BARBER wanted immediately to rent elegant-
ly furnished shop. Inquire M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. 1103 Market St.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. '
SAWYERS wanted; especially a first-class man
with experience to run circular rip saw. Ap-
ply to CALIFORNIA BARREL CO., Twenty-
second and Illinois sts., Potrero, San Fran-
. cisco.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop with baths In near-
by town. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
W r ANTED— Engraver for jewelry store; steady
positlon for right man. Box 4563, Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over S feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal. or
630 X st.. Sacramento, Ca!.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight week#; day and evening
class: special Inducements this season: only
Institution in the world teaching thl3 trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-so!ed while watttnc: 25c
to 50c. ¦ 562 Mission Bt., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — 2 proficient engineers and 2 capable
lever men for dredger: hirh wages: none but
men of financial responsibility need apply.
Address box 4627, Call office.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do janitor work fir his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard st.
BOY 14 to 16: make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBKLL. lawyer: 14
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the >«¦¦ r.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms l.'c to 25c per night: 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branr-h office. 22 1 *) Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 10?6 Va-
lencla st. _,
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For >nl«
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at J621
and 1825 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FINE draft and driving hcrses constantly on
hand. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721-723
Howard st.
JUST received, 23 head of fine horsei. ranging
from 1000 to 1400 pounds. 33 Dore st.. near
Folsom and Ninth.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st. ; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
20 WORK and driving horses: fine carriage
team; span of mules, 2200. 1731 Mission st.
$45— LIGHT wagon, horse and harness; also
large mare. $30. 19 City Hall aye. -
FOR eale — Fine doctor's team; B and 7 years
nW. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. 605 Golden Gate ay.
FOR sale — 1400- pound team of horses; cheap.
17 Diamond st.
HOUSES TO LLST. ~~
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO rent— For the sunimer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, pure
¦ spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; 3
mllea from St. Helena; \* mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE,
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal.: also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished;
BROADWAY. 1516. near Van Ness aye.— Sunny
house of 7 rooms, bath and basement; newly
renovated: fine yard; stable; $30.
ELEGANT sunny house near park: 8 rooms
and bath. Cor. Hayes and Devlsadero sts.
MODERN house. 9 rooms and bath, $45. i 912
Washington st., above Franklin.
UPPER part of building at 529 Mission st.;
contains IS rooms.
6-ROOM flat; Clara street: rent $14; also 3
rooms for ff). KREDO fc CO.. 33 Geary st.
HOUSES TO LET — KCR.MSMEEO.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan' and Webster; 11 rooms and sen-ants'
room: 7 bedrooms: sun In every room: every-
thing In perfect order: stable on rear street-
will rent for 6 months or a t'rra of years.
J. H. GILMORE. 323 Montgomery st. -
FURNITURE of 8 rooms for sale and house to
let. Southwest corner Sutter nnd W>bner sts.
HOUSE FOR SALE. '
FOR sale— A house to be removed. Ax>ply~93B
Bush st.
LOST ASD FOCXD.
STOLE^^From undersigned. April 21. open
buggy and harness: bugrjry 13 low set. sida
spring, covered with leather over rear end o!
bos; body painted black, ruftnins? gear red:
boards in bottom shrunk apart some; suitable
reward for recovery of same. GEO W\G-
NER & CO.. 540 Clay St.. San Francisco. *
LOST— On Brannan St.. between Fourth andi
Fifth, order book with note for JlO3 payabls
to the order of Lowry & Daly, at First Na-
tional Bank. Finder please return to LOWUY
& DALY. XI Brannan st., and receive re-
ward^
LOST— On the ferryboat Berkeley, which left
Oakland mole at 12 o'clock, a genti. man's
open-face gold watch, wtth lady' 3 Dicture in
back. Leave at Senate Saloon. Pine and
Kearny sts., and receive liberal reward.
LOST^Foxterrier. white body, black face."
brown spot over each eye. Retur% ta Charts
Ilolbrook or John B. Carson. Parrott build-
Ing and receive reward.
LOST A dark chestnut mare from P. 11.
WULFF'S srocery. Seventh aye. and M 3t_.
Butchertown: reward.
LOST— On Market St.. near Third, gray fur
cape. Return to 1009 Natoma St.; reward.
LOST— Monday; watch fob. silver buckle with
Mauser bullet attached; reward. Cashier Call.
STRAYED— From 617 Eddy st, black cocker
spanief; half breed-, female; lon* tail: n»m»
Onida; {3 reward for her return.
LOST— Grip of tools marked L. Jmalmnin-
ward at 830 Mission st. F. A. JEN.NI.Nu9.
FOUND— St. Bernard deg; prove prop., pay ex-
penses; bet. 7 and 9 p. m.. r. 63. Fulton House.
MEDICAL.
DRsToOODWIiTThe well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly*)f 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge: guaranteed
treatment Jo: safe and reliable cure In on»
day; 15 years' successful practice in S. * . ;
maternity home; low feea. 1007'? Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed in S. F. f"r years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023-. Market st.
j DR. NO TOY KER. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 7iM Sacramento st., cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles* specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office, Jo: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor; iKurs 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. Dlt. WTETH. reliable specialist; horn*
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. J5; any ailment; consultation free: con-
fidential 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market: ladles" special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. J5; saf»
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; Ir.te scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. Jj.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; rhy-
sK'lan; English and German spoken: terms
reasonable. 82S Castro St., near 7th. Oakland.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist; home or otflce treatment.
VI-VI— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
HIS Market: every case guaranteed: J3 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGBNER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICAT-U lIATUS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles: ladies' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness aye.,
opp St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. I>R. CONANT. 47 Post.
MIM.NG AXIi ASSAYING.
3 EXPERIENCED miners, who can save all
the tine gold, want a grub stake for Nome.
H. V.. 317 Minna st.
3IIXES ASD MINING.
GOLD 'aver; we challenge all competitors;
call and see. 1733 Fifteenth St., or 23 East
street.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bara. mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice' furniture and fixtures;, new and second
hand. J. NOONAN, Wl7-Ul9-1021-10_5 Missioa
St.. above Sixth.
ONK second-hand metal turnln_ lathe, planer,
drill attached: also second-hand Ho. 2 Hooker
steam pump. Emery gear; also pipe fittings;
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wrisht anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 543 Huward at. |
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe. Rhaftlng, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear s_ :
EDISON cencert phonogTaph. price reduced to
J10O: concert records. 12 50. BACIGALUPI.
533 Market st.. San Francisco.
A— ANEROID barometer for $7 50; cost JIS.
UNCLE HARRIS. 1» Grant aye. >
A— s3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pino.
L^RGE Reed power lathe; J135. 1484 Market
street.
FOR sale— Young donkey and St. Bernard bltcb;
cheap. 410 Maple st^
GASOLINE engines: all slzps; second haadj
cheap; guaranteed. _STewell Broe.. HO First st.
FOR sale— 2 elegant large wall cases at a bar-
gain. 230 Stockton st.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
ONE 2^2-horsepower £fi<Vvolt mqtor: standard;
make: cheap. WHITE. 315 Mission st.
A FINE suit. J10: dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine: good enn-
dlt'.O!*: complete; cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. loth.
A COMPLETE outfit of 24-hand sausage ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 135 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2tl hand. J. Eurke. IJ3 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe, "to California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-1U Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: -5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND garden hose and attachments;
must be reasonable. Ohio Dental Parlors.
S3O Market st. ?
810 prices paid for full-drpss suits. PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. !5 Stickton: will call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright ptanm for
cash. H. L. WHITKHKAT). 1710 M-rket st.
MON 12 V TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bidg.
ANY amount at * per cent; Ist. 2d and Sd, mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my t»rms before doing business else-
. where. R. McCQLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
HIGHLY respectable ! private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Mark't
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth'-
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture _n_
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential
BONELLI. Conservatory bid?.. 130 Powell stl
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd* mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery!
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable rrlva*<»
• place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal- outfit
« rVl^*U in ? n f y _ !rect: lowest 'nterest. Rooms
6S and S9. Donohoe building. 1170 Marketst
LOANS made on furniture at IVi per cent; aUo
iS? ™U "f larled %_?P le - HARSHBARGER.
M im E T Tl^, ne^. Sa i? rte<l P^P-p without securlt-:
*ti_-s rm. 41. Merchants' Exchge. 431 Calif.
MONEY loaned; unsecured note of any manot
good character. Prescott & Co.. Pho^nlJTxriz
A £!T?Men f^l ary loan Co - 365 Parrott build-
lng-Men can secure leans on personal note.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
10HOWARD. E29 — Rooms from If week up to $«;
26c to tl ntKht: also housekeeping rooms.
KEARNT, 215— Sunny rooms, Jl B0 per weak
and up; aUo housekeeping rooms.
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
H*iP > *£\\in 1*54 for the treatment of Private
ElLL^.teX/ Pi«e«ses, Lo^t M»nh-«>d Debility or
•SSSfctV^MJi dl«e««e "-earing on hody and mlnd»n<i
*S^-i'iSf4 " ikln Df»e»*«>. Thedoctorcureswhm.
fcVj?C^rft*4""" r9flin Trx h'nx Charter iow
•^^¦artn'--^i.a «'nrnTinr»m..<l Callotwrltn
Dr. J. *'- viinno>'. Bex 1937. 5aa Fraaciaco
HANCOCK HOUSE. "SI Mission et.— Select
family rooming h"u?e: $1 50 to J« per w»ek.
HANOVER HOUSE, 827 A Howard-Changed
hands; newly renovated; housekpg. and single.
HARRISON. 7f4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished eunny rooms; bath; all latest improve-
ments; homelike: SI week up.
UNITED UNDERT X; RS.
17 and 23 Fifth St. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
LIETHB— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be-
lndorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EASTMAN— In this city, to the wife of A. C.
EaFtman. a daughter. (Sacramento papers
• please copy.)
JENSEN— In this city, April 19. 1900, to the
wife of Ernst Jensen, a Bon.
McCLOSKET— In this city. April 23. 1900, to the
wife of John B. McCloskey, a daughter.
PUGH— In this city, April 12, 1500, to the wife
of James Pugh, a boo.
/v\cnvo"v a co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1239 Market st.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone South 247,
GWELL FLATS IN A PWRLL DISTRICT.
Pay '.2 I^r Cent.
I!2,.ViC-Hana»,ir,e new flatß on Van Nei>s »v*. :
cintain T r:x>n ; a tach: latest sanitary plumbing:;
Rinrble nei k i-te. : exr*nMvely finlrhed: an ex-
cellent Investment in a swell district: rent Jl3O.
*COO-Brand new house: 775 Cole et., between
Waller and Frederick Fts. ; fine new eunny
bouse, containing fc rix.rns, bath. etc.. wineroom
*:. : laundry Jn batezneat; lot 2£xlOO- street
blturr:nl7.f<J: expensively finished: wall* all
tinted and decorated tn the btst taste.
, ftlSO— A irem of a house on Ninth aye.. two
blocks couth of the Park: contains reception
hall. lar»-e parlor*, dining-room and kitchen on
flr»t floor: 4 bedrooms and bath on second floor:
fine finished basement; latest sanitary plumb-
ing; two mantels: bay- windows front and rear,
coirmandlnc a super* view of Park and b«y; If
you are looking for a new up-to-date house In a
desirable location, don't fail to see this one; S
built since January Ist.
LYON & HOAG. IJ4 Montcomeiy st.
7:30 am' t:CO ami 110:40 am;lo:2s am
1:20 pm l S:00 pm' Febastcpol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 prn
Ftares connect at Santa Rnna for Mark West
Eprinen and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lyttnn for Lytton Sprinrs: at
GeyserrlUe for ska«-*F Sprinss: at Cloverdale
for th* Oeysers: at Hnpland for Dunran
Pprln^*. HlrMani Fprlnes. Kelseyvllle. Carl*-
Siad Pprlnsrr. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Fprinrs: at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoca
Fprlnrs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. W>tt«r
flirinffi 1 . I T pper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Backnell'a.
Fanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*» Hot
Pprlncs. Mendoc.lno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Peal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cumm'ns.
B*ll'» Prrincs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
R. P. and Mary E. Schwerln to H. C. Somers,
lot on SW corner of Pine and Touchard streets,
beins 53:6 W of Jones. W 54:6, S 105 :*U. E
3S:9?it. N 14:8 V;, E 15:7 V». N 90.11; also benefits
derived under covenants In 1604 d IS should be
1614 d IS, made May 2i, IS9I, by Michael P.
Jones to R. P. Schwerln to keep lot of land
on W Touchard street. 90.11 S of Pine, S 14:SV«
by W* 15:8% vacant and to use it only for
washing vehicles In connection with stable ad
joining on S and right to use of sewer connect
ing with Jones street sewer; also furniture on
said premises: 122,000.
Annie and Patrick Boland to Frank Maskey,
lot tin S line of Bush street. 95 E of Leaven
worth. E 37:6 by B 137:6; JlO.
Frank and Annie Murasky to Alice Brown,
lot on S line of Uush street, 130 E of Leaven
worth, E 2:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Edward F. Franks to Annie E. Franks, lot
commencing 108 feet from SW corner of First j
street on S line of alley running from First to
Ecker, and at the point where said alley com
mences to be 12 feet wide. SE 41:6 by SW 24; !
Ellen A Byrne to FTancis J. Griffin, lot on SE
corner of Perry street. 225 NE of Fifth, NE 50
by" SE SO; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to John A.
Beckwlth, lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth |
(Sonoma) and Kansas streets, R7sby E 100. I
A. M. and Sophie S. Simpson to Pauline j
Echoenberg (wife of Louis), lot on N line of :
Pacific avenue, 72:6 W of Octavla street. W <
65 by N 137:6; $10. I
Jeremiah Joseph Galvin (by Susie A. Galvln,
attorney) to Robert Richards, undivided one
third of lot on S line of Sutter street, 87:8 E
Of Scott, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Estate of R. C. Goodspeed (by O. C. P. Good- '
speed, administrator) to R. D. Cranston, undj
vided one-half of lot on NW corner of Halght
and Pevisadero streets. N 137:6 by 137:6; JS2O6.
Phillpp Frenzer to Gertrude. Amelia, Algar
and Alf reda Frenzer, lot on N line of Green
wich street, 252 E of Baker, E 29:6 by N 120;
Man* A. Thome to Marie C. and Michael
Torpey, lot on S line of Oak street, 152 W or
Lyon, W 25 by S 110; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
¦ John H. Brickwedel (owner) with J. H.
Hughes and J. A. McDonald (contractors),
architect H. Hess — All work except foundation
walls, concrete work, mantels, shades and sas
fixtures for two-story frame building on lot on
K\V corner of Larkln and. North Point streets
W 22:11 by S 91:8: $3500.
T. W and Florence W. Jackson (owners)
with \V. H. Wiggins (contractor), architect
All work, except painting for alterations
and additions to make a two-story frame build
ing at 44- Prosper street, between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth: $1325.
Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society (owner) with Joseph Gewirtz (con
tractor), architect Henry Mauser— Painting-,
gralnlni? and varnishing of Home for Aged on
Silver avenue, near Mission street, and Pacific
Hebrew Orphan Asylum on lJevlsade.ro stteet.
between Hayee and Grove: $2000. '
A. Aronso"n (owner) with Floodbera- & Mc-
Cafferey (contractors), architects Hemenway &
Miller— Plastering for a concrete and brick
construction on lot on S line of Post street.
70:6 E of Jone«. S «0. W 70:6. N 60. E 70:6; 12278.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Vfard H Lane, 40, 743 Willow avenue, and
Elizabeth Suffer, 28. 720V4 Willow avenue.
Ernest TV. Klein. 33, 907 Howard street, and
Linda 8. Hagstrom, 24, 447 Natoma street.
Eugene U. Cahnrelch. 24, 761 Eddy street, and
Mildred A. Levy, 24, Sll Octavla street.
Edward T. Hitter. 23, 733 Lanuna street, and
Louise C. M. Bammann, 25. SSS Shotwell street.
Joseph ¦ Carrey, 34, Smith Son Francisco, and
Ernelle Ferret. 19, liowdoin and Woolsey streets.
Oeoree McGllllvray, 29, ¦ 709 Post street, and
Harriet Saneer, 23, Ocean View.
Horace L,. Sartorl. 25. city, and Wilhelmine
C. Harweca/23, city.
James T. Gardiner, 33, city, and Blanche M.
Bpencer, 2s. city.
David Klopstock. 30, 744 Hayee street, and
Mabel C. Phillips. 23, city.
Manuel Aneei, 25. 320 Drumm street, and
Ro*a Femadea. IS. 6S Jackson street.
CLASSIFIED advertlt-ementu and *übsrrlptlon»
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlF'irer.ts and subscriptions ha* been opened
ttt 1223 PolY It.! open until 9 p. m.
A BItANCH offlce for Call edvertlsements and
FUbFTlptlons bas been established at 109t Va-
lenrfn St
California Limited
Santa Pc Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running end nrast
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Tkain Leaves San Franciscoi
I P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
s«tu«Jav, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P./l in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leares Saa Franchtcu at 5:30
FVDDF^I P- m - w ith Palace anil Tourist
rw .iw car " ior Kansas C»tj, St. Lotus,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanfotd, Visalia, Tnlaxe on An
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 628
'FDKrft «if»n!\. Market Street, Phone Main
TKIdCU SUOPI IS3U Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Bant* Clara Street.
riIOTOGHAPHIC SCPPLIKS.
V>"E loan kodaks free: photo supplies; Backus
*tn<llo 11 Orary et.. ground floor
DEU.NQIE.M .>OTICKS.
VrffTlVAM^ROPKCußPrroZ^^Aa^et it",
Ban Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March.
1900. the several amounts set opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
. No. No.
Name— Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Bpreckels.. 1 33.313 1-3 J99S to
Chas. A. Hug 7 M M
And In accordance* with law «nd an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. 19fW. tn many rhares of each parcel of
Fuch as may be necessary will be sold at the
efflce of the company. 226 Market street, San
Francisco, on the ZSth day of April. 1900, at 1
p. m. of such day. to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tltlnr and expenses nf the sale.
F W!TTP»V .Tt>. pprv r?« «t
IVY. 214—3 rooms furnished for housekeeping;
rent $9. .
AL.AMEDA I'l I1MS1IK1) HOUSES.
FURNISHED house of S or 8 rooms: large
grounds: convenient to etatlnn. Tlnx 4<!3S. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
H.iLHl>rilY.
11ME. Neergaar.J. Tres. St. Germain College of
Pm!mit=try: r«-adi< 1 to i. €16 Geary, nr. Jones.
$4<rt WILL buy a first-class milk route in Santa
Ro*a. with horse, harness, wagon, can? and
everything complete: now clearing from $¦«) to
JlOO per month; books will iv -.howii. Call on
or address B. W. ROBERSO.V, 418 B St.,
Panta Rosa, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NVTRV^TZRN RY. CO.
UEISSTZm
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St **>
SAN FRANCISCO TO bAN HAt AtL
V\LbK L-AYb— 7 30. ».wu. H.uu a. ra. . 12. ii.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdiya— Lxtra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. *:M. 11:00 a, m. : 1:10. I:3b.
• :00. fc:10 D. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WF.KK DAYS— «:IO. 7:W. >:ZO. 11:10 a. m . 13:43.
3 40. 5:15 p. m. "aturdayi— Extr* trips at
1:?6 and €35 o. m.
EI:NDaYS-S:10. 5:43. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:44. S:«.
6:05. 6:23 p. m.
Between Saa Francisco and Schuetxea Paxit
¦ame schedule aa above.
OmCES AM STORES TO I.XT.
ONE mo. free; nice store with living rooms; JlO
for « me*.; vorth I2S. FPECK & CO.
FART of workshop at low rent $10 Mission
¦unit.
LARGE Ftcre. corner Seventh and Natoma;
us<h! Z0 yrs. as grocery- and saJcon: reasonable.
VALENCIA, 553. near Twenty-first— Large ele-
par.t Ft;re; rear room?: larsre basement.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francif Bacon and HaJlett & Davis pianos.
Bt'HKKJOR violins, zither*, old and rew. H
HITLLEII. rr.aVer. repairer. 2 Latham place.
BOVEE. TOY & SOXXTAG. •
624 Market st.
BARGAIN— For sale, fine sunny residence, U
rooms, bath, attic and basement: modern;
perfect order; grand view: large lot 80x114;
electric cars: might exchange in part for
f=Tri«ill<?r house or sood lot. Addres* D. J.
MURPHY. 00$ California St.. rooms 30 and 31.
SACRIFICE— New 9-room, 3-story house; lot
26:5x100; with chicken house, etc.: suitable
frr flats; must be sold: make an offer: $2000
or less. FHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento st.
PARK residence: new house of 6 rooms and
bath on Beulah et.. near Cole; modern Im-
provements: street work all done; price $3SOO.
Annly on oremlses.
BAVE jiu real eFtate in the Mission or Hor-
r.ti's Addition that you wish tn dispose of
th»r> call m TV .T GT'NN. HSfl Callfnrn'a st.
$1200 — 4 «-room cottages: pantry, hot and
cold water: eacy terms. 1322 Rhode Island st.
FOR calf — Factory, 10.700 feet land: sidetrack
2&TQ B^x 4.'07. Call offlce •
KUAL INSTATE — COUNTRY — Fur Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
ia the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range In size from 10 to
40 acres and now Bold to Induce immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
seekers will never regret securing one of these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est In market: good society, good schools (In-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; 2
railroad trains daily from San Francisco;
water for Irrigation when desired: superior to
Southern California for raislnc all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently m pronounced by lead-
tnp Southern California experts; these lands,
with the sut/erlor polls and all other advan-
tage? named, will he sold Rt prices far below
those asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable in exce' ler.ee; there is no more
independent life than the srr.aU diversified
farmer's: the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as $l'»j per acre; you can leave
San Francisco on S a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Efoarto, and back to San Francisco
early the same evening: you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Esparto, to show you the
land«. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FIPKE. Woodland. Cal.
lme— To hi. :22>i: to %. :47*i; last H. 1:03; short %. 1:13. Good start. Won first three driv
l" s - * % , ne O,,? : - F - Smith & Co.'» b. m.. by Racine- Faustine. Winner showed improve-
Moscow Boy.
ULSICAi, l.>S»inLjul£.\TS.
At? »c represent the best make of planop In
every trade, from Steinway down to lew-
jilted mat,- - and a> t.;ir installment iiay-
merts are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from wliom >'fu should
purchase; new upright I'ianos. $0 cat-h. $C per
m< ti\h: < ther pianos $3. $4 and $5 p^r m nth.
MIHRMAN. CLAY & CO.. ISte.nway I>ea'ers,
cor. l\euri.y mid Putter Ftt... San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Uroadw'ay, Oakland.
Wl-; lx> NOT etll poor pianos.
V. 1: DO reU covd r>ian._s cheap.
WE WANT to sjiow >ou how cheap we can
Mil a good piano. UAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
:*>* Marki^t st.
OfR LEADERS are DECKER & SON. and
PACKARD: either one Brill *uit you: they are
tht bert that money will buy: we sell on pa>-
n:.-nTS If you wish. MAIVAIS MUSIC CO..
:cs. Market t-t.
YOU CAN l>uy any kind oi a musical instrument
.:. tsstailmest* iruu: us. MAL'VAIS MUSIC
CO.. TCS Market Bt.
A FEW of our many snaps:
.-::¦:*:; oprisbt $35
Ki-try nprisbt; special map 19u
t^teok uiirit-'ht: t-xcellent - 2iO
Bterllng u|.:;Kiu: fine 215
Vof« UPT.Cfet; walnut 2Jd
Rzxy payments; pianos for rent. BENJ
d'RTAZ A- SON. 16 OFarrell St.; Chickenng
agency.
jkTPOH'TFLY the c:<v.-«t an 4 largt-Ft hou«e
west cf Chicago I* KOIILKR & CHAPE'S,
IS, I* and 30 O'Farr»H et. ; pianos, organ* and
a!! other musical Instruments of all grades
ar.d prices: icriris easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible <Jcne to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNAHK j.';anc*: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHAPE. 30 O'Farrcli et.
A PIANO In j;o->d condition 143
Fine upnffht piano (at bargain) JHi
Cprtsfat piano fsitirliily used) $167
ITiricM piano, walnut 'nearly new) JIS7
Fht-»t muFlr. E:va'»l musical instruments. S.
F. MUSIC CO.. ZS, Sutter st.
SEVERAL bargains in second-hand upright
lie nos thi* we«'k: Ptelnway. Weber and
< i!i^ r». from JIIS up. Room 12, Flood bl.ig.
WILI^ *cli Tor storage, upright. J5": Thos. Ball
piano. 120; A. 11. Chase. Ste'.nway and
ethers. WILSOyS STORAGE. ITIO Market.
fOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy pianos. 30J to
2.2 l»<ft St.
tzn SAVED— IOO pianos at a sacrifice; install-
ments IS 75: rents 11. HEINE'S, 136 Ellis Ft.
FINH Pt-Mr.Ti-ay upright for sale; leaving city.
I>:H5 V.Vbftor Ft., corner Sutter.
12 "rt-FOK rent— Fine upright piano; or sell
< hemp. 241 Keamy st.
A I'l'U' day* only— New pianos, 12 5C per mo.
BCOTT-CUKTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Hayes «t.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITi 1«
McAllister st.. next Hibemla Bank.
K'NF Fir- h. r n-.<l Ptcir.way upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'P. ICU Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
ether propositions: private rooms. Fan Fran-
r'.ycr. rv.x-'-.um Acency. 143 Phelan building.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
rr.or* money see H. MURPHY. C3O Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 26.
Stmr Nawburg, Peterson, «1 hour* from Qrayi
Harbor.
CREMATION.
Cdd Fellow- emeiery sscca ion
BAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA
If deceased was a member OF ANY ORGAN-
IZATION havir.g a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service is $30.
The same - for ' members of his, family. ;¦>-
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 624— Sun-|y rooms; fur-
nished; rent very reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
einrlc: ladies' parlor: reading room: elevator.
MILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
fccENIC RAlLWAY— Commencing Sunday,
April 22. 1900. via Eausallto Ferry. Week
da>b— Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 p.
tn. Sundays— Leave San Francisco, S a. tn..
I a. m.. 10 a. m.. Ham. 1:30 p. m.. 2:39
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st.. San Francisco. Far*.
round trip from Fan Francisco, tl 40.
ELLIS, €33. corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
room; mantel: gas; for 2; $11.
FOLSOM. 834— Large single sunny front fur-
nished room; el'sat; bath; priv.; fl 15 week.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms: suites or single: travelers acconu
H3RTH PACIFIC Cf/STR/OAD,
Via Jousallto Ferry
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO. *S:3O. 9:30. 11.00 a. m.;
I.M, *1:43. 3:15. 4:li. 'ailS. 6:1.".. 6:40 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
.afael. on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
.nd Sundays, at 9:CO and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:CO. •3:00. *0:00. 'Kt.eO. 11:00. 11:30
4. m.; 12:45. "l^O. 2:30. •3:45. 5:00. «:00. 7:»
p. in.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
.ays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:3S. '6:30. T:SO. »:40. "10:15 «.
m. : 12:30. 1:15. ?:15. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IS. *S:CO. «»:50. •11-.C. a. m. : »12:0O
m.; 1:CO. 2:15. '3:30. 4:30. »5:45. «:4;. 7:30. 10 JU
P Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:S3. 6:43. «:W). 5:55. 10:30 s»
m : 12:35 !:<¦» 2:45. 3:30. 4:;o. 5:20 p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneavlajs
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:3T>. S:O5. 10:05. 11:19 a. m.: 12:15w
1-20 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. 8:15, 7:05. 10 30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cacadero and way sta-
J:IS p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way iu-
tions
»:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays except Pin-
point Reyes and way stations.
9:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
station*.
ROOMS TO LIST Knm. nail I nforn.
A-BRCNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Blxth-ftooms
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $S per week, and
Mitt housekeeping; "pen all night.
i)ivioi;mj MtritKM.
DIVIPEND notice— Dividend No. 104 (50 cents
per chare) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the offlce of the cempany.
12? Market »t., on and after Tuesday, May 1.
. 1900. Transfer books will close on Wednesday.
April 25, 1900, at 3 o'clock, p. m.
W. D. K. GinSON. Acting Seer* f a ry.
Hi; 4,1. I.MUh ClTl « Ult SAL.B.
l*j\\ .Si ou .n INVESTMENT.
tZt.ZiiO— 1 itja 7 per cent net; handsome 4-
evory and na«crn«nt building; one black Irora
A lhambrm Theater. .
$4250— ?i lendid cottage; contains ( rooms,
hath, etc; lot i'lxl>; location. Jackson st., near
lirodtrick; terms $©00 cash, balance monthly.
?7<X<0 — An offer wunted; fine residence of 9
rooniE. oa Clay street, near Scott; facing Alta
Plaza; cost owner over iiOOO.
|6*Qfr— Rent 5-7 to ; fine new bay-window
Cats, epntaiaing t and S rooms, etc.; latest
phimblng; every modern convenience: lots' of
combine; lur^e lot. 2;.xllO; in very best part of
Turk I\Biih»tnd:<? district.
$77:f)-Ret:t »S3; all rented: splendid Invest-
ment in best residence section of Mission warm
LeH; lot C^xil.'^; inspruvtment in apple-pie oriier.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery et.
TWELFTH. 145— Runny furnished front tultes
of I ar.d 3 rooms for housekeeping.
WEBSTER. 711—2 large unfurnished rooms;
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and resilience,
KSIVi Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
t'R STTAJTB Rheumatism Cure. $1; free to
poor every Wednesday. M Geary «t.
$14— BAY-WINDOW; 6 rooms; gaa and batn;
rooms newly fixed up. 3154 Twenty-second St.,
corn/ r Capp.
SIXTH. 136 — Large sunny room, light house-
keeping: also other rooms: rent reasonable.
NINTH. 236B— Sunny suite of 3 rooms: gas
etove: also single; new flat.
O'FARRELL. /42— Nirely furnished, sunny par-
lor floor. 2 to & r"< m» : hnuwkt-e. or otherwise.
PINE, 1439. cor. Polk — Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas; running water; also ona
single room.
2 OR 2 large sunny rooms, connected, for house-
keeping: sink, bath and gas. 1401 Powell sL
SIXTH. 119A — i connecting rooms, with piano,
furnished for housekeeping; also other room*.
MISSION. 151t near Eleventh— 2 large sunny
rooms; light housekeeping; priv. family: $12.
MARKET. IC2S— S rooms furnished for house-
keeping. $11; 2 unfurnished $6; 3, $8.
MINNA. 514 — Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 1121—2 or 3 rooms, furnlihed
or unfurnlFhed. for .housekeeping.
KEARNY. 223. near Sutter— a front suite. $12;
Ktth. Janitor service 'ree. Apply 15 Grant aye.
GLEN PARK aye., 5. off 12th and Mission— 3
unfurnished eunny rooms; closet.
HARRISON. 731 — < rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping: large yard; bath; rent $16.
HAYEK. 461 — Four newly furnished rooms and
bath.- 118; also three rooms. $12 60.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny parlor floor of 2 or 3 rooms,
complete for housekeeping; also single.
I_Al>lES'cnd pent?" cat-t-eff clothing bought and
told. Sllvtrman. 9M Folscm; tel. Kolsom 119 L
INFORMATION wanted concerning WILLIAM
THOMAS or ANDY EOWHEN. natives of
Kiltubride, County Leitrim. Ireland. If liv-
ing plestse address CHAKLES H. GILLOOLY.
QuroU&a, Rhode Island, box 127.
MAY GARRET, formerly of Sunta Cruz, will
hear something to h^-r advantage by ccm-
tnuriicatir.K with EL W.. b^x ISC2. Call office.
im. E. J. WILLIAMS, removed to 888 Howard
st., cor. Sixth., Orlando Houee.
FREE-A bottle of hair tonic to each customer
tailing at my hair dressing and manicuring
parlors. 112 and 113. i'.'T Market; open eves.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 3i" Jessie at
%l PHOTOS for $2 per dozen at FOWZER'S.
114 i Market st., near Tajlor.
JJIPS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
vice. t'Jt Market et.. eecood floor, room 37.
LKI'EP.KKS Quintcnica Hair Tonic makes the
l.air look to fine and classy; nothing else will;
:."o boni*. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
A— l GUARANTEE to permanently remove the
most stubborn growth of »uiierfluouß hair by
*¦ iectrolysis; call and Investigate my treatment
that enlarges and fully develops the bust and
:.i'k: free treatment th!* week. MISS ISA-.
T «>':r BARRKTT. 12fC Market, op. City HalL
ONLY f4 fcr fine 24-inch switches this week.
Lfiitrr-r's Fcamo shampoo &c (kg.; neat j.ar-
tors: finest fca!<irfssir.e In town. ISc only
rr.anlouring. 2r.c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton
FOLSOM. &34 — Large sunny front bay-window
room; kitchen; closets; bath; everything pri-
vate: $3 23 week.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
8000 ranches on my *a!e and exchange list.
N. D. PICKELS— the land agent— 10 Geary st.
ACCURATE personal knowledce^ — each of the
8000 ranches on my SALE AND EXCHANGE
list. N. D. 6ICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
10 Geary at.
uooms yon tiOiis»fc.twKt2PiAU.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Sunny parlors: also single
room; breakfast if desired; references.
COMPLETELY furnished parlor, two bedrooms
and kitchen; rent only $12. Including water.
Apply at 515 Second at.
EDDY. 207— Nice furnished large front room,
gas. bath, cheap; light housekeeping.
FIFTH, 221— Sunny front alcove room for
housekeeping; clean; respectable.
PIiHSONALS.
AUMEDA HIIAI. KSTATHS.
ISOO— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street: 3 blocks from
Ftatinn and school ; terms $100 cash, )10 per
month.
$1900— New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc.. com-
plete; n>>ar station and school; $100 cash. $20
per month.
11650 cash — To clo^e an estate: worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda: fee this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath: S3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this Is a snap.
H. P. MORFAI. & CO.. 1432 Park «t.
y, <r< r«>r.t— Elecant efflres !n Y. M. C A.
bottdlnc. HaFrn »n<! Ell!s sts.
PACIFIC Pt^racp and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232" FUlmnre «t. ¦ nh-n» '.Ta^k!">n 2^l.
PIFRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 533; packing, moving and storage.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,
Mrs E L Crabbe, N V
Miss M B Crabbe, N V
Miss Crabbe, N V
Mrs E T Spring, Cal
Miss I Tennent, Cal
M N Claggett, Mo
F L Torres, Mexico
Mrs Torres. Mexico
A W Johnson, Cal
Mrs Johnson. Cal
pr S J S Rogers, Cal
C W Thomas, Utah
A H Gaffeney. Oaklnd
D T Cone. Red Bluff
P Beanie. Red Bluff
J S Graham, 'Seattle
E L Doheny, Los Ang
S H Rabcock. Utah
S U Hyms, Chicago
S H Harrison. Mexico
H J Anderson. N Mcx
A 8 /I re is. N Mcx
L B Conroy. N Mcx
W S Gase. N Mcx
W H Harrison. Cal
Mrs Harrison. Cal
J M Elmer, Baker City
F G Moyer. N V
T S Tompklns, Minn
G Harvey & w. B C
F F Baldwin. Hawai
ian Islands
Mrs. Baldwin, Hawai
ian Islands
A Kuab, Cincinnati
F W Bullock. Chicago
E S Gleason, N V
P H Brady. N V
A Petschnlkoff, N V
M Hambourg. N V
A I-rfU'haume, N V
J V Gottschalk, N V
II Smith. N V
W B Backwell, N V
J W Hurus & w, Cal
Mrs A S Post & eh.
New York
R D Harrlgan, Mass
H J Courzelman, N V
Mrs Courzelman. N V
G A Stemmetz & w,
New York
Mrs J Herset. N T
J E Richards & w,
Mrs St D G Walters,
Honolulu
Agnes Foster. Chicago
L H Howe. N V
A T5 Cohn. Mo
W A Price, Ohio
Mrs Price. Ohio
Mrs G L Pease, N T
Mrs A MacNaughton,
New York
Mrs S S Dickinson,
New York
Miss A C Splcer, N V
Mrs S D Spicer, X V
H A Lozler, N V
Mrs Lozier, N V
Mrs E R Thomas, N V
T B Clark. Chicago
S M Woodard. Chicago
C W Bunnof Jr. USA
J S Ryan. USA
R Ogilog. Scotland
T H Nottemias. Japan
G Halliwell. England'
S P Greenstone. N V
C A Myers, Sonora
Mrs Myers, Sonora
O E Neva. Paso Robles
J E Willard, Virginia
F E Keating, Cal
Mrs W Wallace, Colo
Mm C Nledenhofer.
Butte
E W Roberta. Utah
Mr» Roberts, Utah
A Brown. N J
,Mrs Brown, N J
Miss Dargie, Oakland
C D Blanet. San Jose
Mrs Blanet, San Jose
W B Kneskeon. 11l
N Caroe, Copenhagen
W Bottern, Denmark
GRAND HOTEL
T Theberath, Cal
E J Simon & w, Cal
H B Litcomb, Tracy
W Dolan, Cal
M Gregory, Kuisun
H A Todd. Oakland
J F Raymond, Cal
T Fogg, Cal
J Malliera. Sacto
A L Miller. Cal
G M Gramm. Cal
W W Priestley. Cal
J F Calif, Mo
B F Watklns. Pa .
H L Smith. Cal
G Mayer, Fresno
H A Nesblt. Cal
F P Carson. N V
P F Kelly & w. Boston
J M Smith & w. Pa
Mrs M X Wrlgle. Pa
C E Smith, Pa
M A IIIgley& w, lowa
W C Sheldon, w & s,
Mich
G W Carpenter, Cal
H N Turre'l Oakland
P Sweed, Petaluma
C Duand & w. 11l
Miss B Dunand. 11l
NEW WESTE
A G Hansen. San oJse
W Ball. Courtland
R E Cadogan, Chicago
G B Bascoin. Sacto
B F Watkins, Pa
J E Hall. Minn
A M Byrnes,* Honolulu
J B Dunand. 11l
C E Seymour, Cal
F B McNear. 11l
E Smyth. Grass Valley
I C Greves. N V
A Brown. Cal
It H Crane & w, China
C H Egan. Petaluma
Mrs B J Reilly. Cal
J Norbon £ f, Cal
II S Chalmers & w, Cal
L McKcnzle, Denver
J A Robinson, Wales
W G Muster. Ind
O H Wefing. N V
R E Edwards, Wls
R A Blair. Cal
G Migllovacca, w & f,
Cal.
Mrs M Sheppard, N T
D Jones. Cal
T H Buckingham. Cal
V. W Uruwn, Cal
H Plndle. San Joee
T B Gibson, Woodland
D Levy. Williams
C L Loud, Pomona •
E A Grau. Irvmgton
W S Prugh, Pgh
:rn hotel.
Mrs E A Hill. Wallace
W Chirm, Vallejo
S <E Ballard. S Rosa
J L Ross. N V
P F Anderson, L Ang
H L Smith. N V
.T B Hawley. Balto
Time— To V*. :21K; to V 4. :46; last H. t:02; short %. 1:11. Good start. Won easily, second and
third driving.' Winner. J. Rothert's eh. h.. by Perblalse-Devotee. Winner finished Uke a
good one. Sugden badly handled. Proclamation backed up. Scratched— Aluminum 107,
Clarando 101
Time— l-18, :07^; 6-16, :31; 4Ht. :M. Fair start. Won handily, second and third driving.
Winner, Alameda Stable's eh. g.. by Rousseau-La Reina. Bernota closed strong. Klnsstella
couldn't stay. Moonbright no speed.
1155. THIRD RACE- Four and a half furlongs: selling: two-year-olds; purse. 8400.
1154. SECOND RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth; selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse. 8330.
BOVEE. TOT & SONNTAG.
624 Market Street.
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. May 3d. 1900.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. C 24 Market st.
Foreclosed Properties by Order of the Bank.
I cottages of 6 rooms and bath each: Nos.
209. 211. 213 6th aye., wesj side, between Cali-
fornia and Clement sts. ; each lot 20x120: to be
sold a« a whole or separately; cars pass the
door.
Lot on southeast line of Porter aye.. SOO feet
northeast of Naslee aye. ; 40x125 feet.
Clarendon Heichts, lots No. 3. No. 4. No. 5.
west side of Stanyan St., between Belgrave and
Clarendon ayes.; lot No. 3 Is 25*iU10xll6 ft.;
lot -No. * is 2i*ixll6xllB ft.; lot No. 5 Is 25% x
118.M22 ft.
Harrison st.. lot 75x124:3 ft.: easterly line of
Harrls< n Ft.. 60 ft. south of 18th st.
Lot 4CC. Gift Map No. 3. east side of Cheru-
busco Ft., b^-twetn Esmeraida aye. and Coso
aye.. :ox7o ft.; lot 1042. Gift Map No. 3. east
side of Premiss et., between Powhattan and
California sts., 25x70 ft-
Building lot on Jersey st.. north side, 25 ft.
ea*t cf Church st.; 25x114 ft.
LarK<? lot on 21st St.. south side. 156 ft. east of
Noe St.: fine view; 150x114 ft.
Ix3t en southeast corner of 23d and Diamond
ets.; 2SxIOO "ft. ; ready to build on.
ttuildinc lot on Ashbury Heights, on south
Fide cf Frederick st., 106:3 ft. west of Ashbury;
fine view cf the uark and city; 25x102 ft.
Lot en north fide of Btb st.. 160 ft. east of
Diamond st.; well located; £oxll4 ft.
funny corner lot on northeast corner of San-
chez and. Ellza.b<>th sts.. 2oxS2 ft.
Lot on south side of i'lh st., 80 ft. east of
Fountain St.; 6^x120 ft.
TERMS— The above property Is to be sold for
one-quarter cash, the balance in one, two and
three years, interest six per cent. '
3 flats of C. 5. 5 rooms and bath: Nos. 1307,
1309, 1311 Eddy st.: rents $41 per month: also
cottage fronting on Laurel aye. of 4 rooms and
batli: rents $10 per month; 2^x120 ft.
f> flats of 4, 5 rooms and bath each: Nos. 1 to
S Cohen place, off Ellis St.. bet. Leavenworth,
and Hyde; rents J!32 per month; lot 53x56 ft.
ON furniture, piano*, without removal: no
oomm;fs!on; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
__„ _ Ap^^l9oa^^^ther fln^^Track fast. _ i _ o _ l _ ul _ u _ >
1153. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. 8300.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and llnfnrn
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MIbSION. 837 A (Avoca House)— New: newly
iurr.lshed: rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
husband of the late Margaret O'Connell,
father of Mary. Margaret, Eugene and Fran-
cis O'Connell, and brother of the late Bishop
O'Connell of Grass Valley, a native of Ire-
land, aged 72 years.
POPE— In Martinez, Mary Pope, aunt of Mrt.
M. E. Mabee. and erandaunt of Mr. E. J.
Coadcy, a native of Ireland, aged 80 yeara.
ET Funeral will arrive in San Francisco at
13:15 o'clock, leaving Martinez on 10:30 o'clock
train Saturday morning. Go by carriage to
Holy Cross Cemetery. Mass will be held at
St. Catherine's Church. Martinez, at 9 o clock
Saturday morning.
PRIDEAUX— In this City, April 26. 1900, John
S., beloved husband of Rose Prideaux. and
father of John H. and Frank W. Prideaux. a
native of Wisconsin, aged 60 years 6' months
and 15 days.
RANSOME— At Gwin Mine. Calaveraa County,
April 26, 1900, Ernest E.. beloved son of Er-
nest L. and Mary Jane Ransome. a native of
Oakland. Cal., aged 29 years.
STEVENS— In this city, April 23. 1900. Francis
Marlon, beloved husband of Marion S. Stev-
ens, and father of Mrs. I. J. Harmon. Mrs.
J. K. Parker. H. C. Stevens and Dr. W. E.
Stevens, a native of South Paris, Me., aged
68 years 2 months and 5 days.
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. 3110
Clay street, near Baker. Interment private.
SCHMEHL— in this city. April 25. 1900, JennU
Schmehl, beloved wife of Henry J- Schmehl,
and mother of James O. Masten. a native of
New York, aged 51 years 3 months and 22
days. (New York City papers please copy.)
ICTFticnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attpnd the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the lodgeroom,
2131 Mission street, under the auspices of
Mlzpah Lodge No. 4. F. of F.. and Pocahontas
Council No. 3, Imp. O. R. M. • Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OFFICERS of the Supreme Lodge, Friends of
thn Forest— You are hereby requested to meet
at Mission Opera Hall,, 2131 Mission street,
to-morrov/ (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late Supreme Vice
President. Mrs. Jennie Schmehl. By order of
MRS. I. F. RAYMOND. Supreme Pres.
LENA SCHOLTER. Supr^ie Secretary.
SIEBKE— In this city, April 26. 1900. Fred-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Katie Siebke,
and father of Alfred and Clara Siebke, a na-
tive of Meldorf, Schleswlg-Holsteln, Ger*
many, aeed 30 years 3 months and 1 day.
SPAULDING— In this city. April 25. 1900. Jer-
ome, beloved husband of Ctleptia Spauldtng,
and brother of N. W., Charles. Marcellus and
Madison Spaulding, a native of North Anson.
Me., aeed G3 years 4 months and 13 days.
CJ^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlprs of Bunker & Lunt. 2866
Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple.
VALLE— In this city, April 25. 1900. Vlctorine
Valle, beloved mother of Pierre Valle, mother-
in-law of Mrs. P. Valle, and grandmother of
Joseph, Marguerite. ¦ Rene. Louis and Marie
. Valle, a native of Marseilles, France, aged
84 years.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlora of
J. S. Godpau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
VAN HOUSEN— In Berkeley. April 26, 1900,
Belle L., beloved daughter of William and
Mary Van Housen. and sister of Marion and
Anice Van Housen. a native of San Fran-
clsco, aged 24 years 1 month and 10 days. •
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from St. Mark's
Episcopal Church, Berkeley, interment pri-
vate.
mom:\ to low
MAKRIED.
BENNETT— GERAGHTY— In this city, April
22, 1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
William George Bennett and Magete Ger-
aehty, both of San Francisco.
ELLFSEN— THELLER— In this city. April 17,
1900. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Ole
Ellfsen and Emma Theller. both of San
Francisco. ¦ •¦*"• ;
KLOPSTOCK— PHILLIPS— In this city, April
26, WOO, by the Rev. William C. Pond. David
Klopstock and Mabel C. Phillips, both of
¦San Francisco.
REIT— LANDRUD— In this city, at the parson-
age. April 21. 1900, by the Rev. E. M. Stens-
rud, Carl E. Reit and Julia Landrud. both of
San Francisco.
SIMON— DANIELS— In Alameda. April 25, 1900,
at the residence of Mrs. J. H. White, the
bride's sister, Edward J. Simon and Sarah H.
Daniels.
WALLING— MCMILLAN— In this city, April 16.
19<J0, by the Itev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Oscar Thomas Walling and Annie Jones Mc-
Millan, both of San Francisco.
A MARINE VIEW LOT SACRIFICED.
llTXO— Gre*>n. near F"ott: i'xlOO: nelect neigh-
borhood: mortgar* l $1000 can remain.
LTON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery «t
NUMBER of large sunny rooms for gentlemen
110 to $35; call for list. 613 Examiner bldg.
OAK, lift— Sunny newly furnished front bay-
window room; gas; bath; private family.
o'FAHKELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POWELL. 121— LlRht. clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDAJUE House. 31H A- 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
lij?ht. reading room. Fmokinsr room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per nlirht, 35c to $1 DO; week. $2
to S8; month. JK to f2O: elevator on offlce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Hcufs. 2S Elßhth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotisserle) — Nicely
furnished rooms from 112 to $30.
TAYLOR, 511, near Geary— Nicely furnished
sunny room.
TAYLOR. 515B— Fine large sunny parlor, upper
fitory; also side sunny room; moderate.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric b»lls. ll?hts
elepant new furniture; slnsle. suites: trans't
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A eood roominc house
for rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fnlmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open ur.til S p. m.
A BRANCH office fpr Call advertisements and
FUbFcrlftions has been established at IC9B
Valencia st.
ROOMS AM> 110 Alt D*
A FAMILY having a large, well appointed
and refined home wishes to secure a few
couples to board and room: first-class In every
paiticular; references required. Address box
34r,4. Call office.
HGti. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; •elllntr; three-year-olds and upward; purse. 8330.
A-FIRST-CLASS family hotel, Tlie Bradbury:
nice eunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table; prices moderate: 2 car lines pass uotel :
elevhtor; teler.hrne.Hyde 2771. 1604 California
st : corner Polk. n»ar Van NeM aye.
JOHNSON House. 605 O'Farrell— Double and
slnßle sunny rooms, with excellent board;
lar^e grounds; references: reasonable.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
. bay-window rooms; superior board: 525 up.
BUSH. 1105—2 larpe elrpantly furnished rooms;
2 persons In either, $55; 1. $35; billiards; piano.
HOTEL TLAIRMONT. 615 Taylr.r-Rennvat»d;
ruites and sinsrle rms.: sunny: excellent tattle.
1157. FIFTH RACE— Seven fnrlongs; Golden Gate hdcp; three-year-olds and up: purM, t-ca.
HOTEL SALIPBrRY, Hyde nnd Eddy: chanced
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. IS2« Market Ft.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: eln. rms.: board optional.
POWELL. 524-S2S (The Hedges)— l^arije sunny
rooms; marine view; excellent board: reas'ble.
VAN NESS aye.. 544 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
Time— H. :12%: *». :36H: H. 1:02; T». 1:27. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Wlnfter, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f.. by Montana-Lottery. Mortenge turned a somersault.
Dr. Sheppard blew up. La Goleta in poor shape. OUnthus cut off at start. Scratched —
CroodHcmejM^Headwater 103.
1168. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling: four-year-olds and upward: purse. 8100.
•PECIAL NOTICES.
THE Union Oil Co. of California will remove
its efflce May 1 to the Mills bldg., rooms
31 and 32. seventh floor.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montßomery St.. rooms 9-10; t»»l. 5080.
PEWI>« MACHINES AM» SCI'PLIKS.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine iup-
plles. Standard Areney. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, nold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowppt rates. 205 Fourth st.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrlv*
Fan Francisco. 'Apr. 15. I^oo.l Ban Francisoo.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
\\>ck I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, t De«tlnatlnn.l days. I Pays.
7:80 ami 8:00 am! Novato. 110:40 ami t:43 am
t.30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I «:0S pm li).:.i am
1:10 pm 1 S:00 pm Panta Rnsa. l 7:25 pm' «:20 pm
Fulton.
7:80 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Hraldiburf.
Lyttnn.
Geyservllle.
J-.SO cm 8:P0 am Clnverdale. 7:3 i pra C :S)pm
7:80 ami I Hopland I !1»:25 am
3 3i pml S:00 are* and t*klah. I 7:83 rm' 1:20 rm
7:30 ami I I 10:25 am
I 8:00 ami GuernevlUe.l 7:3S pm
8:3« pm! I • I «:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Scnoma I J:l5 ami »:40 am
and I
• ¦1.1 pmf S:00 pml Glen Ellen. I *:05 pml C:2O pm
:BKKKKIKi It I I MM K.
WE offer a centrally located boardlnir-house,
with furniture or without, at a bargain: also
a new modern dwelling in choice location for
I370O; another of, 8 rooms for $3500, In Scenic
Park; all street work done.
O. G. MAT & CO., •
2123 Center st., Berkeley,
FINELY furnished house of 12 rooms to let; In
the very choicest part of Berkeley; references
required. MAFON *; McLENATHEN.
Adjoinlnr P. 0.. Rerkeley.
LARGE kitchen and bedroom, furnished com-
plete for housekt-epinp: rent SI 50 per week.
Jlpply at shoe Ftore. 5C2 Mission st., between
T"irst and Second st*.
NEW houses for rent; only 4 blocks from Uni-
versity grounds: all the lat»!>t improvements.
MASON' & MpLENATHEN,
A<Vlolnltir P. 0., TWkpley.
LARKIN. 707. nr. Ellis— Newly furnished, nlca
clean housekeeping rooms. $15; no children.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
L hF.CE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FIIRXISIIED FLATS.
$20— FLAT: 7 rooms; complete for housekeep-
ing;. K3B ran»ce. 516 E Fifteenth st.. Oakland.
AN r!.-ear.t suit for $10 7i from Imported or do-
rr.fstic rf-mnar.te L. LEMOS, 1117 Market «t..
between Beventh and Eighth.
CVRI.ED rr waved hair can be quickly obtained
b) i.vine Taicou's Curling Fluid; 25c bottle.
CAFT-OFF clothire. old (? ild and silver boucht:
K»nd t»etal. COLnMAN'S. £'« Kearny ft.
F < ITS on cfisy inst 3.a4it i^T*it.? mom i m r* - ¦ t*t*?'J or
''.'imestlc rfttinanu. One Price Tailoring Co.,
B3S Tvf-aray et., between Sacramento and Call-
frrr.la
El-KCTRIC l:cj.t.» In evp-ry room: Winchester
»ot»-l. 44 Third St.. near Market: I<X> rooms:
Kp to SI 50 per nljrht: SI 50 to »6 per week;
free 'tms and bairraee to and from the ferry.
G. P. MORSE, phot^praphcr. Pafiflc aye.,
liftwfen P\frr» and i^.-ott: phone FtelnPr 22?1.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
IMMTTIIKKM l>4l'iri«' 4'O.lirA*T.
|p«nri( BTMTBM.I
Train* l»»v«* iiml nr* ilm- (• nrrltr* t%l
MAN Kll » *«!«•<«».
(Main Lu.e. Foot of Market Street.)
Litre — Fr..w ArRIL IS. 1900 — aRRIVI
•7:0O« Bmiieia, SaUun, Kiinr*. YaetvUlo.
Rums*? <n<i *»crt MHIIIO # I:l.1f
*?:»<•« Sh>*U ETpress— D»Tis, Willow*.
K«l Blufl. Poland ittSr
•7i:i»* Marline*, nun Umimiii. Vallejo, Nap*.
' »ll«t. gn »n<l -> .iiu It.'* ¦flll»P
•ft>3O* Th. O*ef! tad l.i »it»t— Oxdeu. Dun-
»er. t>,,.»h* Chicago *3:13p
•«i:«»» Si 4» .!.««. l.i. r.u.r-, Mtockt.m.
lone. HMTvni.-uto, Pl»e-r»w r,
VUrjuilllr, < hiCTi, IJ«I HlufT *lsl*r
•»sn«« •Mi.r,.,, luk.Ui... -.oM.ri Cartera... Ml 13a
•!>:<»«, lUywwls. HUr* mad Way Htalta— . *l ltW<
•Icoua D**U, WooiUand. Ki.v.u Limix*,
M»rjs»illa.«»r..»i.le •7:l.">r
• »><>•* Atlantic K.xpresa— Ogilen »u-l Kaat *tt:l.?«
•S»i«o» M*rii»*z. Tr.'Cy. IjtUimp, titockton, .
M-TC<l and rrw.no M3ji:»r
• »,<>•» 4 Port • ost*. rrauio. M»]»r* and l.ix
Aus^n 'H:Mr
• lOiMi Will. j... Mtrtfiinx »n.l Way Htatioiia *Si*3r
•I I :«»(*« Nilrs. l.iveru-i.r*. Slockttfn, Macra,-
Earuto. Menilut*. iUiifurl, Yi«<Ui»,
Fr-rurTllln M:l»p
•IS:«Om Hajwanls, Ml«a »ud Way BUtlons. ••»*»¦
tl:<M»r *»t-i»m<<titf> IClter HI ¦¦!¦¦¦¦ t *:«»»!>
•3:»<>r H-ijwarilK. Nilnand W»y Muttons. *8:1.1p
<4t»»P Muriiii**, .H»u lUiun.!. V«!i.>,
Nap*. ( lalUtiiKM. San t* ItiMM "*• IS*
•IHMIr Keoicik. V»c*ilil«.. Macro ¦•••¦to.
VVII.I.IUIIII. Kutiihta l.«uill!itf,
MiiryMille. On.illi- <••• ••••:•¦•»»
•li3f»^ Nil**. H»n.»i«»»iid Stuck ton •Tl3r
•SiVOpTlin Owl IJmit»-d— l r»ry, Kif«no.
li«kfnllri<l. rtangim fur U»nta Uar-
hut, Los Angi-les. ••»:!.¦»»
•SiSOr Hkictmu. Unreal, prvaiio *13:13p
•3<»«*p rraanu. lUkeraliflil s.i.U lUrhara.
htm Aiic»ie». Dpiuliik. El Puo,
New Orl. •¦•• »ud K,«t *9i41»4
•SiSOp MmiU 9m Couln— Atlmitie Kipraia
f..r M..J.K Hii'i I.H.t *n:l.lp
•«>n»p ll>yw%ril». M!« *ml S4ll Joa« *7:1.->*
t«sß»r v»n^j< 'taiisr
•«i:iii»r «ir.-ut*l Midi— Orien, Ckejenne.
Oniith*. Cnlcij.. ••i 434
•«uor Oriental Mall I >gden, Denver.
Ora»b». «hlc*«o. . MilSp
1? t«O p V allr jo. r..rL I'iiiti ami Wij .Sta-
tion* J9:.15p
•MittUp OfrKiHi and CslirornU Kt|>ri>m.Mao-
rmiipiit... M.rj.viltn. ttiMlliU
r.HtU.-l. r»f<- *«¦ I »i"l »^<t •»«!.?>
lUivr in vision (lUrram Ihrngt).
< foot t>t M-irk^t Street. >
;?:I3a h*nt« I'nu Excnraion for B&nta
Crtu and iTmcipai Way suiioD* J^iO.Tp
*Hlin* Neti.irn 1 '¦•nt.-ul.ir .'»ii.li.<». F r.t..ii,
BouiderCri ek.Kai.m Crui and Way
HuUoim ••:2»f
t2<lßr Newark, (VnUrvillH. San .horn, Nrw
Alm»l»:i. t- -itt.u. ITrdrtiTaw <'r-»k,
.S*ii't I'rux aod Inn. :\'j.'. Way
Si»t!o-.« t»»--'»»«
Mil.ir Newark. >«n .).«-, 1.0. r.».»c.« ?«»i>»4
»l:l3pGl<»nw^o.l Ff'ton. «»qi» Ira . B<:3">
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSt* FIUSCI.'>CU-F»«: •' Marital. Strml <3fe» l>—
•7:15 $.00 .1100.... tI:C3 *2:03 tI:W
•I:C3 13::: 't.iir.u.
frim ihIL»I9-Cmi «'Hri'J«.r.— «-00 n.OO IOOOt.W.
t!283 '1:83 »:33 '3^3 1 1 23 -3::3r.ii.
COAST lIITIMON 1 UnixMiaugr).
(ihlr.i m.d TonnaeiMl St- )
1U:1»« •««*,» View. Sow: h s,n Krmitwn.. IH:.Htr
filUtti «^,i .luae ami Uay S. ,ri,.,,, , N e »
Al ml 11 v\v.i,,««,i»H,..,ivi •i.aup
t?:30» Snnd.j Ficonion f r s»n Joae,
K.n».* Cruz, Pa it:e Gruva »ud
Pri.idpaJ * aj oUtiona tS:33*
• UIOHI Man Jiwe. Tim l'i»i>*. Mania •'ru*.
Tarllle Unit*. !*¦*¦ U.ihira, Man
l.nla ol.miHi. Hurt. Lompoe ami
r.ii.i|.»l War sii»ti..nt *4«IOT
•¦•tlO* San Ji>ea »i.l Way St«U:ma ••»:;»5 4
•ili:io« »»ii.l.»»-,Lo«Gatoa t:.>«u»yHUr.|»iia *3iU«>p
filler H»n \l»t-... 1:..i*..0<1. \Uulo l'*tk.
Pal<i Alto. Sauta«:ian. San .1 mm.
Treat Mm* Santa Crux. Saliuaa.
Mmuer-y au.l I'anlto «;roT- )ir»-.:tn»
t.i:^»r ¦»»n.liw«- a.i.l Way Htaliana •~:.li*r
1 1 jl3r 4au Joman.l Principal Way Stations *U: 13a
tS:Uttp3an Jn«-. Lou . ,»tcn aad Prinoip*!
Way .SMtlona t1»:««»
•it^Wp Saii.lnite n:.l I'rl-.cv*! Way Stktiuua t «::«»
•Hi:i«r San Jn«- an.l \Tny «'at*ons ?••:•'<•»
tll:l."ir flan .»na» ami Way Stationa »7;3l>p
A for Mnmiiig. ¦ P f or A rteriMVin
• Daily. t NuiMay etcKntrd. ! .-md.ty ootj.
b .Saturday »uly.
aßttnrd'y and *ii- -'.v r'n- rt'iT and Vn^'ij.
ETAMMEftnca corrected: booklet. J. WHITF-
HfiRN. A.M.. Ph.D.\ 1315 Linden «t. Oakland.
OAKLAND i I HM'i'l ItU KOK SAL,...
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
JK -. ¦•» v sh full value for your capt-off cloth-
ing rtui on B. Cohen. l'.T Third: tel. B'.aek 4123.
.ALASKA fur rarments. hoods, mitts, leather
costs. H. M. H^'VPMfK. ir>9 Par»-me st
TWO unfurnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing; private family: references exchanged.
Ad<lre«s box ISO 7. Call offlce.
A— "THE ELMER VMTSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel; &4 rooms; all prices.
DIED.
Beamish. Richard McLean, Malcolm
• Boje. Mrs. Marie Molus, Albert L.
Bradford, George C. Neal. Genevleve F.
Hrune. Gustave Nolan, James F.
Cerrutl. Knrlco A. O'Connell. P. J.
Corrigan. Michael Pope. Mary
Diehl, Alvina M. Prideaux. John S.
Gisin. John F. Ransome. Ernest E.
Hallldle. Andrew S. Schmehl, Jennie
Hayden. Kate Siebke. Fredrick
Huber, Edward A. Spaulding, Jerome
Johnson, Karl Stevens. Francis M.
Krebs. Marie Valle. Vlctorine
Lynch. Catherine Van Uousen. Belle I*
McGratn. Mrs. E.
BEAMISH— In this city. April 26, 1900. Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Prudence Beamish,
and father of Samuel F., Stanley A. and Pru-
dence Beamish, a native of County Cork, aged
EG years and 18 days.
in7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BOJE— In this city. April 23, 1900, Mrs. Marie
Boje. beloved wif§ of the late George Boje,
sister of Mrs. Charles D. Evers. and aunt of
Mrs. Louis Huhs, a native of Germany, aged
69 years 1 month and 13 days.
CfyFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. L. Huhs, 219 Webster street, between
Halght and Page. ¦ Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BRADFORD— Near Evergreen, Santa Clara
County, April 26/ li'oo, George C. Bradford,
a native of California, ased 3s years.
IC7" Funeral private. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
BRUNE— In this city, April 26, 1300. Gustave
Brune, beloved brother of H»nry and Dr. A.
E. Brune. Mrs. C. A. Kern," Mrs. G. A.
Hagedorn, Mrs. O. Pabst and Dledrlch, Ernst,
Louis and Fritz Brune. a native of Germany,
aged 33 years 5 months and 2 days.
CERRUTI-In this city. April 26. 1900, Enrico
A. Cerruti. telovert won of Giuseppe and Gio-
vanna Cerruti, and brother of Amalla, Her-
mando'and Esridio Cerruti, a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years 3 months and 20
days.
COURIGAN — A requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repoee of the soul of the
late Micr.ael Corrlsan at St. Rose's Church
to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
are invited to attend. Interment will take
place to-morrow (Saturday), from the vault
In Holy Crocs Cemetery on arrival of 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. San Francisco.
DIEHL— In this city, April 25, 1900, Alvina
Maria Diehl, beloved daughter of Johannes
and Anna Margaretha Diehl. and sister of
Mrs. A. Meysersehmldt and Heinrich, Kon-
rad and Peter Diehl, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 28 days.
tC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
' Jhe parents. 34 Church avenue, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Stockton and
Powell. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GISIN— In this city. April 26, 1900, John Fred-
erick, beloved son of C. E. and Mrs. L. I.
Gisin (nee Center), and brother of Ernest
and George Gifin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 years 2 months and 25 days.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
Ai>ril 2'; at 1 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 343S Sixteenth street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HALLIDIi:-In this city. April 24, 1900, Andrew
Smith Hallidie, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 64 years 1 month and 8 days.
ICTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the First Unitarian
Church, corner of Geary and Franklin streets.
Rev. Horatio Stebbins officiating. Interment
privato, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAYDEN— In this city, April 25. 1900, Kate
Hayden, beloved mother of William and Lulu
Hayden, Mrs. James Finn and the late Mrs.
Lena Mercer, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
R8 year?. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
fCS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 9SO Jackson street, thence to St. Mary's
Church, where a solemn requiem high niu.-s
will he celebrated for the repos* of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Intorment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Please
omit flowers.
HUBER— In this clty^April 25, 1900. Edward
A., husband of Emma Huljcr. and father of
Marion L. and Edward A. Huber Jr.. a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 74 years and 3
days.
C7"lnterment private. Please omit flowers.
JOHNSON— In Reedley, Cal.. April 26. 1900.
Karl, beloved son of Alfred and Emma John-
son, and brother of Axel and Alfred Johnson,
Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
3 months and 15 days.
KREBS— In this city. April 24. 1900. Marie
Krebs, beloved mother of Mrs. J. C. Schruder,
Bertha Krebs and the late Walter and Oscar
Krebs, a native of Germany, aged 62 years
and 3 months. (Cumberland. Md., papers
please copy.)
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock. fr'%n her late resi-
dence, 502 Gough street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, April 26. 1900, at her
residence, 418 Grove street, Catherine, be-
loved wife of Michael Lynrh, and step-
mother of Katie-L ynch, a. native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 60 yearn.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
McGRATH— In this city, April 25. 1900 Mrs.
Elizabeth McGrath, relict of Patrick Mc-
Grath, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Charles
H. KalFer, Mrs. John White. Mrs. Joseph
Relay. Mrs. Thomas Swanton and Ellen. Ag-
nes. Patrick, John and James McGrath. and
. beloved sister-in-law of Lady Mary Arundel.
a native of Mount Gabriel, County Cork, Ire-
land.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 920 Jackson street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Intennnt Mount
Ca.lvary Cemetery.
McLEAN— In San Quentin. April 26, 1900, Mal-
colm McLean, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth McLean, and father of Charles H ,
Eliza J., James G. and Rosella F. McLean,
a native of Arg-yleshlre, Scotland, aged 70
years.
KjrFrienc!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, San Quentin. Interment Mount Tarn :
alpais Cemetery, San Rafael.
MOLUS— In this city. April 25, 1900, Albert L
Molus. dearly beloved father of Mrs. Henry
Hall and Albert 1., Edward H. and Herbert
L. Molus, a native of Finland, aged 61 years
2 months and 17 days. A member of Alta
Council No. 147, A. L. of Honor.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theo. Dlerks. 957 Mission street
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NEAL— In this city, April 25. 1900. Oenevleve
F.. wife -of Robert W. Neal. daughter of Mrs
Lauretta Ladd French and the late J. M*
French, and sister of Laurletta and George
French and Mrs. J. H. Goldman, a native of
California.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence. 332 Halght street, corner of Webster
Interment private.
NOLAN— In Novato, Marln County, April 25
1900, James F., beloved son of the late James
and f-arah Nolan, and brother of Thomas,
l John, Joseph Rnd Magpie Nolan and the late
Mrs. Mary Glenn, a native of San Francisco!
aped 23 years and 5 months.
ICTThe funeral will take -place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Conner & Co., 767 Mission street
thence to Rt. Joseph's Church. Tenth and
Howard streets, where a requiem hlph mass
will he celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy :
Crop* Cemetery. \
O'CONNELL— In this city, April 26. 1900. at his J
residence, 2034 Steiner street. P. J.. beloved
BURNETT. 142G Market ft. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rrns.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124, corner Hyde — Sunny corner rooms;
lawn, telephone and all conveniences; hot
water and bath.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Oate
aye. — Eunny corner: well furn.: rms. & n'tl'-es.
H; >^V fl C i. A'^'t: •
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
fTfjO— BI'PINESS corner at the Mlselon: two
pood buildlnes: all .rented: pays over %10% 10 per
cent; a first-class Investment.
L.YON 4k HOAG. 114 Montgomery «t.
11
Time— l-16. MM: S-16, :304: 9-18. :5«; 13-18. l:22fc; mile. 1:41^; 1 1-I6m. 1:47»i. Good start.
Won easily, second and third driving. Winner. A. O. Blakeley's b. m.. by imp Meildler
irop. Little Lady. The Lady outclassed her field. Storm King ran an excellent race Mary
Tittie— U. ":2<H: H. M9H: %, l:15)i; mile. 1:41>4. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s br. %., by imp. Watercress-Headflower. Captive W'juld have scored
In another jump. Horton slow to begin, as usual. Mistral out for an airing. *Dea>l heat.
Scratched— Morlnira 104, Pat Morrissey 104.
tndex. Horie. Age. Weight. |st X
1145 Fashlon~Plat«. a.. ..107 7
1117 San Augruetlne. 4....10S 8
896 Nora Ives. 4 ioi 3 . .
.... Texarkana.6 121 5
.... Moscow Boy 5 121 1
1109 Hohenlohe. fc...""j09 4
940 St. Aignon. a 10« 8
1137 JLizzella, 4 lVthl
1123 Harry Corby, 4 IC3 2
IU4 Aunt Bird, 5 US 9
1054 Wick Wick, a 12110 '.'.'.
152 Irrltator. 5 121 12,
%_
4 ht
1 h
•s %
X Z
10 •
« H
11 h
9 1
n
6 1
12
ti Str.
61
3 2
1H
4 4
1% :::
7 1
10 3
6 4
93
118
12
Fin.
12
22
32
4 b
5 1
« h
7 4
< 1
9 4
10 4
11 l'J
U
Henni
Hassa
KancJ
Mack:
Uasai:
Bozen
H. St
H. St
Holm.
JM.-wse
(ilair
F. Xi
ockeT;
ie«sey ..
ard
h
tlln
Inspr ...
man
ituart
hields....
les
c
viz
Jop.
.. 5-2
.. 15
.. 8-3
.. 10
.. V*
3
¦ ¦ U
.. 1"
.. 13
.. l'»
.. «')
.. 6D
CL
I
40
11-. "i
23
a
7-t
20
10
30
12
100
10tJ
a
Index. Horse. Age. U eight. , St.
112S) Lady Med'les'me. 4.. 104 1 2~i
1140 Storm King, 6 113 6 1 h
1134 Coda, a 104 3 3 1
1120 Terrene, 4 100 8 4 1
;iI2S) Ace, a 106 4 8 2
1134 Mary Kinsella, 5 104 ? 6 h
1116 Kapido. a 106 5 9 3
IU3 Henry C. 5 112 9 10
998 Senora Caesar, 4....HW 2 8 1
1134 Glengaber, 4 105 10 7h
\t
4 b
3 1
5 1
6 1
9 4
10
7 h
tVt
%__
1 3
4 1
3 h
6 2
7 1
8 4
6 4
9 1
10
Str.
1 n
2 1
3 2
4 1
6 1
?x H
5 1
9 3
10
Fin.
1 1
3 1
3 6
4 3
6 Hi
6 4
7 H
SH
9 4
10
J _J ok k ey^
IBuchanan
lliozeman
JMounce
JHelnson
;Amn
|H. Stuart
Romero
H. Shields
J. Daly
Ranch
_ipp._
i
.. 25
. 12
.. 12
S
. 12
.. 2»
. W
. 12
_ci 7
1-2
I
n
15
12
40
87
Index. Horse. \Velght.|St. X V»
1138 Diderot 100 8 ... .t.
(1130) Bernota 101 7
1130 Andrattus 96 4
113S Klnßstelle SSI »
1138 Moonbright 106 3 ... '
IHS Thornwild 99 * ....
1138 Scotch Belle 96 5
1138 Intrepldo 96 2
X
It
62
i b
1 l
5 h
8
2 1
76
Htr.
1H
1 1
S 1
2 2
4 1
7 1
« 5
8
Kin.
12
2 h
3 2
4 1
5 2
• 1
7 2
g
_] Jockey.
|Logua
Ranch
Basslnser ..
Buchanan ..
Ames
Heinaoa ....
Holmes
J. Daly
|0P-
... 3-5
... 6-2
... 10
... 12
... 12
... SO
... 40
... 15
Q.
3-5
5-2
15
15
15
13->
<>>
40
Index
Horse
Aj;e
Weight
St.
fair
ke
1144 De Blaise. 4 113) 7
1129 Bamboulta. 3 100 S
1137 Jael, 5 110 4
1122 Sugden. 4 103 8
1127 Mountebank, 8 103 9
1050 Bogus BUI. 8 95 1 '
1151 Proclamation, 3 ....10a 3
1111 Amasa, 5 112 5
1105 St. Apolllnarls. 4. .110 10
RejrelonK. 4 112 2
5 S
1 1
2 1
62
8 4
8 5
4 h
3 1
7 1
10
3 1
1 1
Z 1
4 h
72
96
6 h
« 3
8 4
10
I
I
li
1 1
2 5
3 1
4 h
51
64
7 4
8 10
5 4
10
H. Stuart
Buchanan ....
Holmes .......
Baasinger ....
Helnson
Mounce
Ames
Hennessey ...
Bozeman
H. Shields
8
3
¦ i->
. i
. S
. 8
. 6
3
. 10
•
7
13-5
10U
IS-3
15
so
9
4
40
15
Ind^x H«-'t»e. A*e. Weight. St.
1132 Mortgage, 3 911 3
1119)Rosormonde. 5 10S| 5
1114 Dr. Sheppard. 6... -..115 4
1100 Constellator. S 94 S
1111 Theory. 4 1M 1
1112 la Goleta, 5 109 2
1017 Olinthus, 4 IP3 8
906 Jim Browrell. 5.... SO 7
3 1
6 3
4 1
1H
7H
g
2 1
Sir.
5 H 4 H 11
652 h 3 2
1 H 11 2 1
4 H 65 4 H
2H3 b B 3
7H 7H «1
8 S 73
3 1 6 ', 8
Fin.
1 4
2 4
3 3
4 1
5 8
61
7 (
8
i
I
r
A
j
¦J
Joe
Ranch
Buchai
Ma.kli
J. Dal
Bustn
Anues
J. \Vo<
J. T. '
cKey.
i ....
man
in ..
1y....
li'er
Woo<
>ds.'.
i Op.
. s-s
! 15
. 100
Cl.
9-5
S-2
I
15
It)
i
30
300
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |
;st.
X
H
>.
tki
IQp
(1061) Headwater, 4 103!
(1137) Captive, a 1131
IGOrt Jingle Jingle, 4 33
1137 Horton. 4 103|
(1133) Kormero-. 4 109
1141 Petal. 4 108
(1146) Imp. Mistral 11. 6.. 108
1140 Donator. 5 104!
I 3
! 4
I!
3>4
2 2
1 8
5 h
4 1
7 2
8
64
2 1
3 h
1 4
5 1
4 4
7 6
8
6 h
2 1
3 h
1 1
5 5
4 1
S
« 1
1 1
2 1
3 2
42
A
7
•
• S
3 h >
4 S !
5 1
6 5
7 15
8
Ran
Amf
'Hue!
H. :
Hen
F. 1
Bas!
IHoli
»eh
a
¦ha
at
me
He-
1
... io
!" i
a
3
-«)
I
n
Index
Horse
Aj;e
Weight
St.
fair
ke
1144 De Blaise. 4 113) 7
1129 Bamboulta. 3 100 S
1137 Jael, 5 110 4
1122 Sugden. 4 103 8
1127 Mountebank, 8 103 9
1050 Bogus BUI. 8 95 1 '
1151 Proclamation, 3 ....10a 3
1111 Amasa, 5 112 5
1105 St. Apolllnarls. 4. .110 10
RejrelonK. 4 112 2
5 S
1 1
2 1
62
8 4
8 5
4 h
3 1
7 1
10
3 1
1 1
Z 1
4 h
72
96
6 h
« 3
8 4
10
I
I
li
1 1
2 5
3 1
4 h
51
64
7 4
8 10
5 4
10
H. Stuart
Buchanan ....
Holmes .......
Baasinger ....
Helnson
Mounce
Ames
Hennessey ...
Bozeman
H. Shields
8
3
¦ i->
. i
. S
. 8
. 6
3
. 10
•
7
13-5
10U
IS-3
15
so
9
4
40
15
Index. Horse. \Velght.|St. X V»
1138 Diderot 100 8 ... .t.
(1130) Bernota 101 7
1130 Andrattus 96 4
113S Klnßstelle SSI »
1138 Moonbright 106 3 ... '
IHS Thornwild 99 * ....
1138 Scotch Belle 96 5
1138 Intrepldo 96 2
X
It
62
i b
1 l
5 h
8
2 1
76
Htr.
1H
1 1
S 1
2 2
4 1
7 1
« 5
8
Kin.
12
2 h
3 2
4 1
5 2
• 1
7 2
g
_] Jockey.
|Logua
Ranch
Basslnser ..
Buchanan ..
Ames
Heinaoa ....
Holmes
J. Daly
|0P-
... 3-5
... 6-2
... 10
... 12
... 12
... SO
... 40
... 15
Q.
3-5
5-2
15
15
15
13->
<>>
40
Index. Horse. Age. U eight. , St.
112S) Lady Med'les'me. 4.. 104 1 2~i
1140 Storm King, 6 113 6 1 h
1134 Coda, a 104 3 3 1
1120 Terrene, 4 100 8 4 1
;iI2S) Ace, a 106 4 8 2
1134 Mary Kinsella, 5 104 ? 6 h
1116 Kapido. a 106 5 9 3
IU3 Henry C. 5 112 9 10
998 Senora Caesar, 4....HW 2 8 1
1134 Glengaber, 4 105 10 7h
\t
4 b
3 1
5 1
6 1
9 4
10
7 h
tVt
%__
1 3
4 1
3 h
6 2
7 1
8 4
6 4
9 1
10
Str.
1 n
2 1
3 2
4 1
6 1
?x H
5 1
9 3
10
Fin.
1 1
3 1
3 6
4 3
6 Hi
6 4
7 H
SH
9 4
10
J _J ok k ey^
IBuchanan
lliozeman
JMounce
JHelnson
;Amn
|H. Stuart
Romero
H. Shields
J. Daly
Ranch
_ipp._
i
.. 25
. 12
.. 12
S
. 12
.. 2»
. W
. 12
_ci 7
1-2
I
n
15
12
40
87
tndex. Horie. Age. Weight. |st X
1145 Fashlon~Plat«. a.. ..107 7
1117 San Augruetlne. 4....10S 8
896 Nora Ives. 4 ioi 3 . .
.... Texarkana.6 121 5
.... Moscow Boy 5 121 1
1109 Hohenlohe. fc...""j09 4
940 St. Aignon. a 10« 8
1137 JLizzella, 4 lVthl
1123 Harry Corby, 4 IC3 2
IU4 Aunt Bird, 5 US 9
1054 Wick Wick, a 12110 '.'.'.
152 Irrltator. 5 121 12,
%_
4 ht
1 h
•s %
X Z
10 •
« H
11 h
9 1
n
6 1
12
ti Str.
61
3 2
1H
4 4
1% :::
7 1
10 3
6 4
93
118
12
Fin.
12
22
32
4 b
5 1
« h
7 4
< 1
9 4
10 4
11 l'J
U
Henni
Hassa
KancJ
Mack:
Uasai:
Bozen
H. St
H. St
Holm.
JM.-wse
(ilair
F. Xi
ockeT;
ie«sey ..
ard
h
tlln
Inspr ...
man
ituart
hields....
les
c
viz
Jop.
.. 5-2
.. 15
.. 8-3
.. 10
.. V*
3
¦ ¦ U
.. 1"
.. 13
.. l'»
.. «')
.. 6D
CL
I
40
11-. "i
23
a
7-t
20
10
30
12
100
10tJ
a
Ind^x H«-'t»e. A*e. Weight. St.
1132 Mortgage, 3 911 3
1119)Rosormonde. 5 10S| 5
1114 Dr. Sheppard. 6... -..115 4
1100 Constellator. S 94 S
1111 Theory. 4 1M 1
1112 la Goleta, 5 109 2
1017 Olinthus, 4 IP3 8
906 Jim Browrell. 5.... SO 7
3 1
6 3
4 1
1H
7H
g
2 1
Sir.
5 H 4 H 11
652 h 3 2
1 H 11 2 1
4 H 65 4 H
2H3 b B 3
7H 7H «1
8 S 73
3 1 6 ', 8
Fin.
1 4
2 4
3 3
4 1
5 8
61
7 (
8
i
I
r
A
j
¦J
Joe
Ranch
Buchai
Ma.kli
J. Dal
Bustn
Anues
J. \Vo<
J. T. '
cKey.
i ....
man
in ..
1y....
li'er
Woo<
>ds.'.
i Op.
. s-s
! 15
. 100
Cl.
9-5
S-2
I
15
It)
i
30
300
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |
;st.
X
H
>.
tki
IQp
(1061) Headwater, 4 103!
(1137) Captive, a 1131
IGOrt Jingle Jingle, 4 33
1137 Horton. 4 103|
(1133) Kormero-. 4 109
1141 Petal. 4 108
(1146) Imp. Mistral 11. 6.. 108
1140 Donator. 5 104!
I 3
! 4
I!
3>4
2 2
1 8
5 h
4 1
7 2
8
64
2 1
3 h
1 4
5 1
4 4
7 6
8
6 h
2 1
3 h
1 1
5 5
4 1
S
« 1
1 1
2 1
3 2
42
A
7
•
• S
3 h >
4 S !
5 1
6 5
7 15
8
Ran
Amf
'Hue!
H. :
Hen
F. 1
Bas!
IHoli
»eh
a
¦ha
at
me
He-
1
... io
!" i
a
3
-«)
I
nSHE RISKED HER LIFE
TO RESCUE HER DOGS
Anxious to Save Her Pets, a Woman
Does Not Notice Her Clothing
in Flames.
THROUGH her frantic efforts to save
her pet dogs from a burning build
ing Mrs. Sadie Grey of 110 Sussex
street may lose her own life. Her
hoir.e was set on fire by the accidental
overturning of a coal oil heater caused by
dragging a rug through one of the rooms.
Mrs. Grey seized the heater and ran
with it into the back yard near the kennel
of her pet pups In her anxiety to sava
them from being burned to death she did
not notice that her clothing had become
ignited from the blazing oil. She did not
appreciate her danger until she had res
cued the dog 3 and carried them to a place
of safety. By this time her skirts were
blazing and tongues of fire were reaching
to the upper portion of her body. Her
screams brought some of the neighbors
w as s)stance but too late to render
bSdy ? clothing was burned off her
The unfortunate woman suffered terri
bly from her injuries. She retained con
sr»« us !S ca i 9i 9 e o en ? hile havin & her Injuries
n£ S w '," l t< ,, Luke 5 Hos P«tal. where
v - C. Bailey and T. E. Sawyer did
all they could to alleviate her pain The
severity of the burns, which are about
v»™ »W» W n r E ortion of the body, leaves but
YJjEF little hope for her recovery.
Jh* h °R^ , was totally destroyed, to
nf ?£I vi th he contentB - The .presence
or tne Fire Department was useless, as
mere are no hydrants near the place.
Wedding invitations, visiting cards, fine
writing papers, tablets and papeteries at
unusually low prices in our stationery de-
partment. San born. Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. •
Death of a Redding Merchant.
Lehman Blum, a well-known business
man of Redding, died Tuesday afternoon
at the Waldeck Sanatorium after an oper
ation. Deceased was a native of New Or
leans and came to San Francisco when 4
years of age. He removed to Portland and
later to Pendletcn, Or., where he engaged
successfully in the commercial and bank-
Ing business, finally settling in Redding
Mr. Blum was a member of B'nal B'rith
and of the United Workmen.
had made a report on some of the queer
points of the affair. The captain forced
her to admit that the extent of her loss
as stated by her in the first instance was
wrong. When told of the detective's In
vestigations on Ivy avenue she corrected
htr first statement by saying that the rob
ber pointed the gun at her on Birch ave
nue. This latter avenue does not touch
Van Ness, but runs between Polk and
Larkin streets.
Captain Seymour wound up the inter
view by telling the woman in polite lan
guage that her story was about as false
as any ever told in his office. She appear
ed embarassed and hastened away.
COPS ATTIRED AS FEMALES.
The Novel Way to Catch a Footpad
Gets Two Officers Into Serious
Trouble.
The novel way of capturing the gentle
manly footpad now operating in the
Western Addition by detailing several po
lieerm-n in female attire, accompanied by
an equal number in civilian clothes, was
generally discussed yesterday in a strain
of amusement and ridicule. The schc-me
fertilized in the massive brain of Captain
Wittman, he of the "cold feet," and Chief
Sullivan and Captain Seymour were fool
ish enough to bite at It.
Six of the crack shots of the depart
ment—W. W. Wilson. Frank C. Howard,
Smith Carr, Harry Hook. John W. Flem
ing and T. A. Atchison— were selected as
the civilians and six young members of
the department of slim build and smooth
cheeks were told to get their wives or
.sisters or sweethearts to fix them up as
maidens fair. Knch was to wear a golf
cape. und*-r which they were to carry a
revolver clutched In the right hand. When
the footpad approached and ordered the
"cop" in civilian clothes to throw up his
hands he was to instantly obey and the
"female" "con" was to step three paces
to the rear, draw a bead on the footpad
and ehoot him dead. If he missed his
mark the crack shot was to instantly
open fire. Unfortunately for the success
of the great and original scheme, the
footpad did not show up. He must have
been suspicious of the number of tall,
awkward females parading the district in
company with stalwart, determined look
ing men. Now that he knows all about it
he will shyclear of men with tall females.
An amusing feature of the fiasco oc
curred yesterday. Frank C. Howard had
as a "female" companion Frank J. Ha
ley, a brother of the ex-County Clerk.
They got tired patrolling their particular
district and strolled into Lafayette
Square. They sat down on one of the
garden chairs under a spreading tree and
had a good time laughing and chatting
about the fool business they were engaged
in. Captain Wittman had walked over
their district two or three times about 10
o'clock without seeing them. Becoming
suspicious that something was wrong, he
struck into the square, a block and a half
away from the boundary of the district.
Gains in the Savings Banks.
According to the reports of the savings
banks of the State to the Bank Commis
sioners of the condition of business on
March 31 there has been a material in
crease in business since November 30. The
gain In deposits of the forty-four banks
outside of this city in four months
amounted to about one and a half million
dollars. The gain in the deposits of the
city and the country* savings banks, flfty
three in number, during that time was
$4,742,000.
St. Vincent de Paul Society.
The second general meeting for the year
1900 of the San Francisco conferences of
the Society of St. Vincent de Paul will be
held next Sunday morning in the hall of
St Joseph's Church, Tenth and Howard
streets, at a quarter before 8 o'clock. The
members will thence march to the church
to receive holy -communion at 8 o clock
mass. The conference* will assemble
again in the same hall at 3 o'clock in the
afternoon to hear the term reports of the
conferences and to transact other busi
ness.
RIGHT OF SUPERVISORS
TO REGULATE SPARRING
Argument on the Columbia Athletic
Club's Preliminary Injunction
Heard by Judpe Murasky.
Whether or not the preliminary injunc
tion b-reVfore issued by Juries Murasky
restraining Chief of Police Sullivan from
Interfering with the Columbia Athletic
Club's proposed exhibition snail tc made
permanent or dissolved will be. decided
next week. Argument on a motion to dis
solve the writ made by the respondent
was heard yesterday. Supervisor K«£d.
who represented respondent, argued that
the powers of the board to regulate cer
tain businesses or pursuits extended to
the one in issue. He argued that the
board had the same right to limit the
number of prizefights as it has to retu
late the saloons. „ , . . -?,
Attorney Collins for the Columbia Club
held that in relation to boxing contests
the State law relating to boxing contests
Is paramount. _. „„
Assistant District Attorney Deupre>
will argue on behalf of the r«P« n . den *
Friday. The case will be submitted on
briefs next Monday for decision.
POLICE SCENT A SCHEME
IN A WOMAN'S FAKE TALE
Miss Babcock Tells a Fairy Story That May Result in
Explaining Footpad Mystery and Has Already Placed
Her in a Peculiar Light.
overlooked the southern district of the
city. Early yesterday morning the gro
cery store and saloon of H. A. Wuhrmann
on the corner of Sixth and Harrison
streets was entered by burglars and »oo
taken from the till. The entrance was
effected through the side door, the IdcK or
which was picked.
Three burglars visited the residence or
Mrs. McLaren, at 726 Stevenson street,
and two houses adjoining Wednesday at
midnight. Mrs. McLaren discovered one
of the men in the act of opening a oacK
window, while his two pals stood on tne
porch. She screamed and was warned to
remain silent. The criminals evidently be
came frightened after the alarm and maae
their escape. People in adjoining houses
report that the men attempted to gam
an entrance to their premises, but were
frightened away.
MAGUIRE'S FARE
ORDINANCE NOT
A POPULAR ONE
Street Committee and Mayor
Offer Several Novel
Suggestions.
Representatives of Santa Fe and Bay
Coast Roads to Draw Up Order
for Franchises on Illinois
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday afternoon and
listened to representatives of the various
car lines of the city declare in no un
measured terms why the 2*£-cent standing
fare as proposed by Maguire should not
become an integral part of the ordinance.
Mayor Phelan was present and offered
many suggestions, some of which were
as bizarre and fantastic as they were im
practicable.
Maguire admitted that the purpose of
j the ordinance was not so much to force a
reduction" of fares as to secure better ac
'' commodations for the public during hours
: when traffic was particularly heavy and
the travel congested. The Mayor also
made a confession, not that he was the
father of his country, but of this new
streetcar proposition.
The representatives o€ the street rail
way companies cuuia not see the necessity
or the utility of all this. They claimed
that the expense would be greatly in
creased, especiaJiy if they had to employ
extra men for a few hours during the
day. Then the Mayor came to the front
with another choice bit of advice. " He
wanted to know why the butcher, the ba
ker and the barber should not be given a
chance to make a few extra dollars per
month by handling the extra cars during
the hours of increased traffic. To this
came the reply that the public might not
enjoy a ride in an electric car down Bteep
grades when the controller was In the
hand of a dough-mixer or a tonsorlal
artist. The Mayor looked wise for several
minutes, and visions of his high hat fall
ing to the rear of a runaway car brought
him up with a jump.
The Mayor did not impress the car men
very favorably yesterday. In a moment
of enthusiasm he suggested a tunnel for
the busy portion of Market street. When
he was informed that property always de
preciated on either side of these tunnels
in big cities his pedal extremities began
to freeze, but he grasped at the straw
and inferred that a tunnel would be both
artistic and valuable from Montgomery
street to the ferry. The Phelan property '
is farther up the street. . |
Again, when the father of the 2%-cent
standing fare suggested that the compa
nies would soon be before the Supervisors
for renewals of franchises and that they
would better beware, he was answered
that as long as he was Mayor there would
be little desire on the part of capitalists
to Invest their money in public utilities in
this city.
Secretary Clayton of the San Mateo
road read a typewritten argument against
the ordinance, which he considered to bo
impracticable.
"We believe the order will not remedy
the evil it proposes to correct," said Clay
ton. "We also declare it to be. unjust,
for it reduces fares to a point below cost
as a penalty for failure to provide a seat
for every passenger under any emergency.
The topography of San Francisco is such
as to peculiarly lend itself to the crowd
ing of street cars during the rush hours.
All the traffic centers down the narrow
district bordering on Market street. The
tlrst car along' always catches the load
and the national characteristic of 'get
there' will always have a tendency to
crowd street cars in spite of ample accom
modation.
"The proposed ordinance Is not a true
remedy and would increase crowding
rather than alleviate it, for it offers a pre
mium to crowd cars. People who have
'no seat' tickets will wait for a full car
In order to use them. There would be
great difficulty in determining which of
several passengers who boarded a car at
the same time were obliged to pay 5 cents,
and there will be constant disputes as to
who shall pay the higher rate of fare by
the 'short distance' riders on the dum
mies. Under the ordinance the 'no seat'
ticket will entitle the holder to a seat
on the line to which he transfers. We
nay tho 2Vi cents to the other company for
his transfer and we get nothing for carry
ing him on our line. The transfer privi
leges would of necessity be abolished,
they being voluntary on our part and not
bound by the franchise. Thus it would
cost 10 cents instead of 5 as at nresent.
"If it were practicable to put on three
times the number of cars during the rush
hours, from 5 »o 6:30 p. m., we could not
obtain men to handle them, as they would
be unwilling to work for only two hours
each day."
At this point the Mayor suggested that
the company might employ many barbers,
butchers, bakers nnd other craftsmen who
would be willing to earn a little money in
addition to their regular stipends, which
Clavton said was a remarkable statement.
Maguire stated that each passenger who
pays 5 cents is entitled to a seat, but he
does not always get It.
"The ordinance has been framed, paid
Maguire, "to bring the companies to a
realizing sense of their duty in operating
enough cars to insure the comfort of their
customers. It is introductory to a great
question of the proper transportation of
the people of this city. I would like you
gentlemen to suggest some way out of tho
difficulty. Will it be remedied by another
turntable at the foot of Market street, by
the loop system at that point, by an ele
vated or an underground system?" .
Clavton said thnt the situation might be
relieved by operating four tracks on Mar
ket street. Superintendent M. D. Stein
said that the acute congestion of traffic
would be lessened when tho Post street
nnd other lines were operated. He asked
for a postponement of the question until
the result could be ascertained. The com
mittee agreed to take the question up at
the next meeting.
The Mayor went off on another tack
and asked what it cost the company to
carry a passenger on a streetcar. Clay
ton replied, 4 cents.
"Well." said his Honor, "that opens up
a new field of investigation and at the
next meeting I would suggest that the car
companies submit a financial statement of
their profits and expenditures.' . •
His Honor was apparently in blissful
ignorance of the fact that the companies
could not be compelled to answer such
questions, except under a call for the ac
quisition of a public utility.
Then Phelan pitched into Clayton.
"Well, what interest has ycuf road In
this proposition anyhow? It is a small
road running through obscure streets, it
has never paid and probably never will
pay and was only acquired for a debt.
"We have tho came interest." quickly
replied Clavton, "that you would have
were a building to be erected near your
Market street property that would tak*>
all ynur profits away. Furthermore, we
intend to make our road the best in th<»
city and this a-t a no very distant dajr
Action on the petitions of the Santa Ft
road nnd the Ray and Coast road to enter
the city on Illinois street was postponed
one week after representatives of the two
roads had been heard.
"There have been allegations." said Phe
lan, "that the Southern Pacific nnd Santa
'Fe roads have been consolidated and the
public hns become distrusted. "
"The Santa Fe road is an independent
transcontinental line," replied its repre
sentative. Attorney Preston, and the
Mayor subsided.
W. T. Baggett said that the Bay and
Coast road was willing to let. the Santa
Fe get the franchise on Illinois street, as
the tracks could be us*d Jointly. The rail
road people were requested to draft an
ordinance embodying all the requirements
fn tho matter for presentation at next
Thursday's meeting.
Commissioner Mfinson was requested to
draft an ordinance to regulat" the width
of wapon tires. At profit the law pro
vides thnt a wasron of 4000 pounds capa
dtv shall have a four-Inch tire ard of
7POO pounds oanßrity a five-inch tire. Man
son stated thnt these tires are too narrow
and-.cut up the bituminous streets. ¦
HELMS POSES AS
A CHAMPION OF
TRACK GAMBLING
Will Submit an Amendment
to Reed's Order Against
Pool Selling.
Police Committee Recommends a Li
cense Tax of Twenty-Five Dol
lars Per Quarter on Nickel
Card Machines,
?
Supervisor Helms demonstrated that n?
Is a stanch champion of the racetrack
gambling interests when he expressed hi.-*
determination at yesterday's meeting o£
the Supervisors' Police Committee to sub
mit an amended order to the board per
mitting horseracing for a period of sLsty
days and allowing poolselling within the
racetrack inclosure. " The Mayor wad
present at the meeting.
The committee decided to recommend
for passage Reed's ordinance, which pro
hibits poolselling on contests between
horses or dogs at any place within thti
city and county. Tocin agreed to this
but reserved the privilege to present an
order prohibiting poolselling on prize
rights as well as animals, since he believed
that all poolrooms should be closed.
Helms, who had tried hard to get the
committee to recommend his order allow.
Ing . racetrack gambling for sixty days
then said that he would ask the full
board to adopt it.
During the discussion Reed remarked
that the proposition to open Ingleside was
impossible, since the Mayor has taken a
determined stand against It. The Mayor
spoke of the evil effects of racetrack gam
bling and said that he had recommended
to the Civil Service Commission to adopt
a rule providing for the removal of any
municipal employe who engages in gam
bling. Helms said that since they allowed
racing In Oakland this city should do
likewise.
"The only way to prevent the defeat of
our purpose to discourage gambling "
said the Mayor, "is to request the Legis
lature to pass a law restricting racing In
each county for thirty days." Tobln ar
nounced his intention to prepare such a
resolution.
The commltte* also decided to recom
mend Reed's order prohibiting parls mu
tuels on prize fights to prevent fake con
tests, and also his order prohibiting the
visiting of poolrooms.
Comte's order prohibiting card and die«
games of all kinds and nickel and card
machines brought up the subject of tho
open gambling in the Cafe Royal. Chief
Sullivan said it was intended to allow
the place to run until the expiration of
its license, which would not be renewed.
The committee then decided to prepare
an order imposing a license of $23 per
quarter on nickel card machines instead
of abolishing them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 27, 1900.
Read in next Sunday's Call
how the brave Oakland bridge-
tender has saved the lives of
thirty people. We have heroes
right here at home!
Cogswell College Entertainment
"A Family Affair," by Charles Towns
end, will be presented at the Cogswell
Polytechnic College to-night. The players
will be: Virgil Tharp. Conrad Christensen
Zi, Ca ?? cT ~~ B $?* y s ** iss Ann a C. Meaney,
Miss Ida C. W ightman and Albert McGill
Miss Georgia C. Macpherson will be the
pianist.
He saw a couple apparently billing and
cooing on the chair, the man with his
arm around the "woman's" waist. He
recognized Howard and confronted the
pair. Wittman talked to them in tones
of- thunder, telling them they had been
detailed on an important mission, which
ny-ant promotion to the man who cap
tured the footpad dead or alive. He or
dered them to report off duty.
Nipped the Stone From Her Ring.
Mrs. Laura Wilson, who is stopping- at
the Commercial Hotel, had a $250 diamond
taken from her yesterday afternoon while
walking along Kearny street, near Post.
She wore the ring on her left hand. As
she gathered up her skirts to cross the
street the gem attracted the attention of
a crook, who slipped up behind her and
"pinched" the stone from its setting with
a pair of. nippers. She caught sight of
the man as he disappeared in the crowd
and describes him as being about 25 years
old, fully six feet tall, with red hair. '
During the past week two other women
have been robbed in a similar mannor
The police believe the fellow is an East
ern crook.
Not the Footpad.
The detectives who have been on the
lookout for the lone highwayman ar
rested a German yesterday, who tallied
with the descriptions given of the trouble
some crook. He was taken before Captain
Seymour, and John J. Dean, one of the
victims of the footpad, was sent for. He
spoke to the man and- scrutinized him
carefully. He was satisfied that he was
not the highwayman. The man said he
had been in the city about six months and
had been attending the racetrack. He was
set at liberty.
Dr. Clampett to Lecture To-Night.
"Ireland and the Irish" is the subject
of an illustrated lecture to be delivered
by Rev. Dr, Clampett, rector of Trinity,
at the Young Men's Christian Association
Auditorium to-night.
RESIDENTS OF
WEST END ARE
BADLY SCARED
Daylight Burglars Ply Their
Vocation Without Pear
of Police.
Startling Number of Thefts Reported
From a Resident Section of the
City — Much Valuable
Property Stolen.
«
An organized gang of daylight burglars
has been operating in the West End. Most
of its work has been done in the section
west of Polk street and as far as North
Beach. The residents are almost in' a
state of terror, principally on account of
the apparent helplessness of the Police
Department to round up the thieves.
The number of burglaries committed
within the last few days is alarming. The
thieves continue their depredations appa
rently without fear of the police and with
total disregard of humiliating the blue
conts.
Mrs. Petzold's home on Steiner street,
opposite St. Dominic's Church, was en
tered about a week ago during her tem
porary absence. Two diamond rings, a
gold watch, a pair of opera glasses and
some money were taken.
The gan« next visited the residence of
Mrs. E. B. Comings, Chestnut street, be
tween Hyde and Larfcin. She left the
house for a few hours one afternoon and
when she returned she found that her
home had been entered through a window
plainly visible from the street. The marks
of a jimmy were evident. A quantity of
valuable silverware was stolen.
At the home of Mr. Cook on Steiner
street the gang varied its methods and
attempted to enter the placp at night.
Mra. Cook ard her daughter, who were
alone in the house, were startled by the
repeated shaking of the front door. The
daughter summoned up courage and went
to the entrance, but the burglars took
flight.
F. B. Kellum's residence on Central ave
nue was entered one afternoon while the
family was downtown. The housebreak
ers were scared away by a grocer's clerk
before they secured any plunder.
A house at Jackson and Devisadero
streets was entered through a basement
window. The thieves were frightened
away by the furious barking of a pet dog.
Thomas E. Dunne's home, 1439 Hyde
street, was broken into while he and his
wife were absertt. A lot of jewelry was
taken, but a large sum of money was
overlooked.
Mrs. Maggie Ford, who resides on Fil
bert street, is another victim of the house
breakers. . Her residence was turned
"topsy-turvy" during her absence, but
nothing of value was taken.
And this Ib by no means a complete list
of the burglaries. . .
The footpad and the burglar have not
Men that are known as
I :.vr- i..-^4-'-v^i ..-^4-'-v^ widK»-jui J" *wj'... *'.¦ i 1i 1 .".¦!¦ ¦>'.'.¦ «L, » «.¦ j-'fi Good Dressers are wearing
'^h^^^^^^^m^s^^^^Ss^ws^^^- Shoulders!
&i$M r sw^} iliS^Sill il^!^r*lj sii wj^'^*-* sir able sh ades an d fabrics.
rP • Builders of High-class Apparel,
Cor. Kearny St & Union-Square A?,
SPECIAL PRICE ON
Misses Tailor
Made Suits—
rjv All newest fabrics —
«£D cot from newest
yj models — silk lined
rf}s*\ throughout Ages
Iffi,/ JO- J 6 years. Have
'•/ /4f4s ' been selling for
l y l\\ $12.00-$15.00-SJB.OO
l\ f tt\ Special this
Ij | sj\ week for
I.MAGNIN&CO.
840 Market St., Opp. 4th
cfi? "WOMAN giving the r.ame of Miss
// 'X A. G. Babcock, also known as Mrs.
Jf^ Goodwin, who has been living at 21
Page street, reported the sensa
tional details of a bold hold-up to the
police yesterday afternoon. Her ac
count of the 3ffair was thrilling In
the extreme and her description of the
perpetrator of the crime tallied exactly
•with that of the reckless highwayman
who has already set the Police Depart
ment in a state of turmoil.
Subsequent developments proved to the
patisfaction of the police that the
¦woman's )*tory was a fake. She contra
«l<ct<?d herself every time she was ques
tioned.
The police, who have been puzzled for
the past few days by the daring work of
tome criminal In the Western Addition. ;
regard with some seriousness the attempt
tif the woman to increase the record of.
hold-ups.
The wornnn railed at police headquar
ters about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon j
c.nd reported that she had bt-en held up
l>y a man on Ivy avenue, between Van
>Tt-ss avenue and Polk street.
She said she left her home about 2:30
o'clock to go downtown. A man who was
standing at the corner of Page and
Kranklin streets followed her along Mar
ket. She thought he was a "masher"
*.nd to get rid of him turned along the j
• ast side of Van Ness avenue. At Ivy j
nvenue she looked around and saw he j
was close behind her. so she turned into :
the- sHe street. She was carrying her t
purse In her hand, she said, and while it !
appeared well tilled it contained nothing i
but paper*. When she was half way i
down the block the man came up behind ,
her and said, lifting his hat:
"Madam, I wai:t your purse."
She thought he was fooling and replied:
"Go away: I don't want to have any
thing to do with you."
The man then put his hand in his coat
pocket and. pulling out a revolver,- re- [
plated his demand with emphasis. She |
told h'.m she had nothing but papers in i
it, and he made her open it.
"What have you in that small purse?" I
he inquired. She opened it and handed j
h:m an old C5-ce:it piece that *he kept as i
ii souvenir.
"Now," said the footpad, "walk straight j
¦lens and if you make any outcry I will i
kill you."
Such was the lurid ttory the told the i
police. She followed it up with a minute
description of' the man which was sus
piciously detailed.
Before the- woman returned to her homo '
her landlady. Mrs. Knapp, who hangs out
a shingle as a clairvoyant and card !
reader, had told the first story which cast j
suspicion on the tale of the alleged hold- \
¦up. She s-aid that Mlsa Habeock had re- |
. iated to her the particulars of an attempt- ¦
«d hold-up which happened last Tuesday j
evening:, but which was frustrated by a
male companion, who drew a revolver and
frightened the robber oft. She thought the
hold-up »»f h/r guest twice in succession a
queer coincidence.
When the Habeock woman arrived home
Fhe denied to reporters the story of the
hold-up she had related to the landlady
Tuesday night and upbraided the latter
for having told it.
She then described the fake affair in a
much different manner than that in |
which ?he had told it at the Central po
lice station. Sh«" commenced by saying
that $5 had been taken from her in addi
tion to the 23 cents of which tb.9 told Cap
tain Seymour. Instead of demanding the
purse immediately she said the robber
had raade the remark that he wished to
s-peak to her and repeated it a couple of i
times. Then he drew his pistol and re- '
quested thf contents of the purse.
In one of her conversations with the j
raptain she said she met the man at I
McAllister and Market streets and that {
"fie followed her up to Market and Van
Ness avenue, thence to the scene of the
crime. She emphatically denied this after
ward and said the meeting place was at I
Franklin nnd Page streets.
The location of the crime puzzled tho
woman the most. li(-r first story was that '
It had OTurr^d shortly after she had \
stepped lr.to Ivy avenue. aft*-r she left j
Van Ness. She said that there was not a j
person in sight and that sh*» met no one j
on Van Neps avenue. Her reason for not
continuing down Market street when she |
noted the man following her was because I
Fhe thought his queer actions might at
tract the attention of the police and cause
her arrest for soliciting. She at first did
not know the name of the small street
Into which ehe turned, in which the rob
bery took place, but remembered it be- j
cause it ended at the rear of the Me- !
chanic's Pavilion. She was also sure
that bill boards adorned one of the cor
ners.
The detectives visited Ivy avenue and
! found a number of children who had been
playing about the premises all afternoon. |
All of them denied that anything unusual I
had occurred.
The woman was sent for by Seymour ;
SLgain last night after Detective "Diljon
12