J£rj2S'i;o collapse of the California
Packing Company has re3u!l
i£ ed In a series of eensatlona
&j£f that la perhaps v.ithout purn!
%g&r lei in the history of the com
mercial world of San Fran-
Cisco. Men whose names hith
erto have been beyond the shadow of sus
picion are> being- hunted by detectives of
the Police Department. A warrant charg
ing one of the most prominent business
men of this city with felony embezzle
ment has been demanded and Issued.
Chargeß of fraud, conspiracy, theft and
business duplicity are being exchanged
on all sides. While one man is accused of
crime another is under the suspicion oi
one of the prominent banks of the city
and preparations are being made to ex
ploit the whole sensational scandal before
the Grand Jury.
Accusations are being made that two of
the leading business corporations of this
city have been used as dummies with
which to enrich a little coterie of com
mercial gamblers to the extent cf many
thousands of dollars. A respected and
aged merchant of the city accuses his
pon-in-law of having conspired to cheat
him out of a fortune, and bankers, mer
chants and detectives are watching with
eagerness to see what the outcome of the
disgraceful muddle will be. Meanwhile
the double life of one of the most promi
nent of local merchants is being exposed
and the racetrack gambling, poolroom
ventures and stock speculations of an
other are being revealed.
The crash came yesterday when Judge
Cabaniss issued a. warrant for the arrest
of Charles J. King, charging him with
felony embezzlement. King is a man
known from one end of the. city to the
other. He is high in the councils of fra
ternal organizations. He is prominent in
affairs of charity and of religion. He has
been honored by nominations for public
office, and until yesterday there was no
public shadow upon his reputation. Then
he was accused as an embezzler and
charged with being many thousands of
dollars short in his acounts as secretary
of the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works.
The police have been searching for him
for several days, but up to a late hour
last night he could not be found. And,
strange as it may seem, the arrest of a
man prominent as is King In the local
business world is only anMncident In the
scandal which the collapse of the Califor
nia Packing Company has provoked.
The financial difficulties of the Califor
nia Packing Company were described ex-
Continued ca &tcond Pa**.
Continued on Third rare.
PLOT TO DESTROY
PROPERTY IN CANADA
Semi-Offlcially Stated That Attack on
Welland Canal Was Hade by
Organized Fanatics.
NIAGARA FALLS, Ont.. April 24.—
From a semi-official and reliable source
the following statement was obtained to
nisht In relation to the attempt to destroT
the Welland canal:
"There is no question that the three
men under arrest constituted one party
of a large gang which was sent out to in
flict damage in various parts of the Do
minion. It is yet a question whether they
came from Philadelphia. Chicago. New-
York or Buffalo, in each of which dtl<»*
there are many fanatics who hate Ens
land; or they may have been s«>nt from
some part of Canada, because ther* are
fanatics here as well as across the bor
der. I think the attacks w«>re to hav<»
been marie in various quarters and tha
failure of the first party discouraged «>r
postponed other attempts. The plan tr>
blow up the canal shows the conspirators
intended to strike hard. Hail th«»y iujc
ceeded the Johnstown Hood would have
been discounted."
NOT TO WED KITCHENER.
Denial of the Reported Engagement
of Mrs. Brown-Potter.
LONDON. April 24.— Investigation of the
rumor circulated here and cabled to tho
United States that Mrs. James Brown-
Potter, having been divorced • from h?r
husband by mutual consent, was shnrily
to be married to Lord Kitchener of Khar
toum, shows the story to be entirely with
out foundation.
General Rivera Resigns.
HAVANA. April 24.— General Rnls Ri
vera has resigned the post of Secretary
of Agriculture. Industry and Commerci la
the Governor Generai'a Cabinet.
ciusively last Saturday in The Call. To
the surprise of the business world, th:s
corporation, which is the largest of* its
kind in San I rancisco, was unable to meet
a petty obligation of much l*-ss than $200.
The concern was supposed to be solvent
and prosperous, but the creditors soon dis
covered that its affairs had been grossly
mismanaged and that tho only remedy
was to fqree the corporation into Involun
tary insolvency. Inquiries were made on
all sides and then the collapse and expose
followed.
It was developed that the largest cred
itor of the California Packing Company
is the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works,
which is a sort of patron of the former
concern. The Paclflc Vinegar and Pickle
Works practically dominated the Cali
fornia Packing Company, supplied it with
material and encouraged it In trade.
Through an unusual if not singular busi
ness transaction Charles J. King, who Is
accused of embezzlement, was made sec
retary of both corporations. Elie J. Cote,
for whom tho police are searching, la
president of the California Packing Com
pany and Sidney -M. Smith, who has de
parted hurriedly for the East, is presi
dent of the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
Works. It is around these men that the
storm of the scandal has burst.
When the creditors began their investi
gation of the accounts of the California
Packing Company they discovered a re
markable condition of affairs. The books
of the concern told very little that was
definite and when any single fact was
fixed it was flatly contradicted by several
others. It was like unraveling the In
tricacies of a Chinese puzzle to determine
just what amount of money the California
Packing Company owed to its largest
creditor and patron, the Paclflc Vinegar
and Pickle Works. Sidney -M. Smith, the
president of the Paclflc Vinegar and
Pickle Works, told his directors that the
amount did not exceed $30,000. Then he
told others that the sum was $64,003.
Charles J. King said to one class of cred
itors that the amount of indebtedness
was $43;000 and. another set that* it was
nothing. The experts finally agreed that
the California Packing Company owed the
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works $24,000,
and men who have reason to be familiar
with the affairs of the packing company
Insist that the sum should not exceed
$12,000. ¦ .
It was rery evident that some strange
jug-glery with the books had taken place,
and that all was not as honest aa it
LEADING CHARACTERS IN A LOCAL CONSPIRACY OF FRAUD.
should be. The glaring discrepancies in
accounts led .to further inquiries. It was
discovered that money which was sup
posed to have been paid by the packing
company to the pickle company never
reached the latter corporation. It was
found that In two collection days EHe J.
Cote found need to spend ti. . enormous
sum of $32,000 and that he had gambled
freely on horse races, prize fights and
stocks.
The investigators went further in their
search and found that the stock of the
California Packing Company, which was
represented to be worth $25,000, was is
reality worth not more than $6000 or $7000.
A suspicion that the grossest fraud had
been practiced began to crystallize into
a certainty. The investigators were
gradually approaching one of the most
remarkable phases of the scandal.
It was found that A. B. Patrick, the
father-in-law of Elle J. Cote, had indorsed
notes aggregating many thousands of
dollars. It is practically impossible at
the present time to tell just what amount
Patrick is pledged for in the financial
crash. It is claimed that Cote, whenever
he needed money or wanted it, went to
his father-in-law with 90-day notes for
various amounts and secured the neces
sary indorsement. On many occasions, it
it alleged, Patrick signed these Indorse
ments when he was ill in bed end did
not know what he was doing. For thous
and after thousand of dollars h»? pledged
himself, his son-in-law Cote represent
ing that the money was needed to meet
obligations in business, most frequently,
according to representation, to satisfy
claims of the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
"Works.
¦ Cote and his associates claim that the
aged and now dangerously ill merchant
stands pledged for more than SSI.OOO. Pat
rick and his sons, who speak for him. in
sist that the old man has not pledged
himself for half that amount, and that
more than that he has been robbed of
every dollar for which he stands sponsor.
At present and until a more thorough In
quiry has been made by the authorities it
is impossible to tell for what sum Patrick
has pledged himself, as he does not know
himself. The disposition of his ninety-day
notes, however, forms a curious and sig
nificant feature of the case.
Cote as president of the California Pack
ing Company would deliver the notes to
Sidney M. Smith, the president of the Pa-
Police Seeking to Solve a Local Commercial Mystery— San Fran
cisco National Bank Will Bring the Atfair to the Attention of the
Grand Jury— A. B. Patrick Loses a Fortune in the Deal.
Charles J. King, a Prominent Merchant and
the Secretary of Two Allied Corporations,
Is Accused of Embezzling Funds.
SENATE DENIES
QUAY HIS SEAT
Pennsylvanian Defeated by a Ma
jority of But a Single Vote.
For Quay — Allison, Baker, Carter, Chandler, Clark of Wjo
ll.inc. Callnm, Daniel. Dnvlv, Drbor. Fonkfr. Fry*, Geitr. Il:in%
hronßh, Jnnen of \pvniia, MeComn*. MrLanrln, Mnxon. Morsan. Sel
non, Penrose, Perkins, Plntt of New York, Si-ott, SewHl, Shonp,
Spooner, Stewart, Sallivan, Tallaferro. Warren, \l>tmore. AVolcott •
Against Qnay— Allen, Oaron, Bard. Bate, Berry, Barrow*, But
ler. Clay, Coekrell. Culbernon, Hale, Harrin, Heltfehl. Hawley. Jonea
of Arknn»H«. I.lndiny. Mcßrlde, MrCnmbtr, McEnfry. McMillan.
Mart'n, Money, lMntt of Connecticut, Proctor, (Inarlri, Itoa», Simon,
Teller, TUlmnn, Turlcr. Turner, Ve«t, Wellington — 33.
Paired (the flr*t-nnmetl belns fnvornble to Quay >— l*rltehar«l
nllh Cnllln^er. Depevr with Knnnst. Foster with KeMn. Lodee nlth
Thurston. Keniiey with CafTerj. Elkin* with f'hllton, Fatrbank*
with Mallory, Hoar with I'ettu.i. Kyle with Itawlln*.
t'npalrrd nnrf not »otl us A !il »-l«-li. Brrrrltlsr. Clark of Mon
tana and FettlKrew*.
B» 0K ASHINGTON. April 24.— Hon.
if/8 H Matthew S. Quay was to-day
tiLff \W refused a seat In the United
States Senate on the appoint
ment o* the Governor of Perm- j
sylvania by a vote of 3S to 32. The en- j
tire time of the Senate to-day was de- j
voted to debate upon the Question, many j
of the greatest lawyers and orators in i
the oody deMvr rlns speeches. As the j
day's oes=ion wore on and the hour f->r |
the final vote approached the galleries ;
filled until they were thronged with mul- ,
titudes. while other multitudes were un- [
able to gain admission. On the floor of
the Senate were every member of the I
body now in the city and scores of the
members of the House of Representa
tives. The great throng listened with
deep attention to the brilliant argument
of Spooner In favor of the seating of the
former Pennsylvania Senator, and the
i dramatic : and n>ry - eloquence "of "Cunlef
of Virginia, who appealed to his col
leagues to do what he, on his oath' a? a
i.enator. deemed right and to vote to do
Justice to him who was knocking at the
Senate doors.
As the big clock opposite the president
pro tern, indicated 4 o'clock there was a
hush in the chamber. Frye, in the chair,
announced that the hour for the final vot
had arrived, and that the question was
the pending motion of Chandler to strike
out of the resolution declaring Quay not
to be entitled to a seat tho word "not."
Senators throughout the chamber eas:erly
followed the rollcall. for all knew the
vote was close. Th? first sonsation was
caused by the failure of Pcttigrew
of South Dakota to answer to his
name, althousrh he wa? in h!s
seat. When Vest's name was called
he voted "no" In a clear voice, thus
clashing the last hope of the fr'ends of
Quay, who had expected confidently that
the ilistinKuished Missourian would vote
for his long-time personal friend. In per
fect silence it was announced that the
Senate had denied to Quay the seat which
he hns rought for some months past.
Penrose Opens the Day's Debate.
. When the argument on the Quay case
was resumed Penrose of Pennsylvania
continued his speech, begun late yester
(!av afternoon.
McCumber of North Dakota delivered a
carefully prepared constitutional argu
ment In opposition to the seating of Quay.
Only a brief while ago he was regarded as
r.n advocate of Quay's claim, but he an
nounced in a speech that after careful
consideration he had changed his opinion.
This condition, he said, was not based
upon emotion, but upon reason.
In an extended argument Lindsay of
Kentucky presented legal and constitu
tional reasons why. in his opinion. Quay
ought not to be seated. He held that the
appointment of Senators by the State ex
ecutive was provided for by the framers
of the constitution merely to provide for
the filling of vacancies that may be re
garded as unexpected. They never con
templated, he maintained, that the legis
lative power . to elect should be divided
with the executive, and he urged that in
the present case the Governor did not
have constitutional authority to appoint
Quay.
Spooner of Wisconsin said hi 3 long and
laborious speech two years ago In support
of Corbett's right to a seat had seemed
to have little effect, and had not even con
vinced Senators Quay or Penrose. He be
lieved the question pending ought to be
determined upon the constitutional view
of it taken by each Senator. Personality
had no decent place. ln the discussion. He
did not undervalue precedent, but prece
dent should shackle no one.
Hale asked Spooner if he thought It well
that this creat question should be continu
ally before the Senate. Hale contended
that it was better for Governors and for
Legislatures that there should be an end
of such contentions.
"I shall be glad." said Spooner. "if this
discussion shall lead to legislation or a
constitutional amendment that will put an
end to the possibility of such cases."
In conclusion Spooner contended for
liberal statesmanship and not a narrow
view of the case. Neither personal tie nor
popular criticism would influence his vote,
which should be cast for Quay.
Stewart explained that he had voted
against the seating of Corbett two years
ago because he did not think "Mr. Corbett
came here with clean hands. I have not
the slightest doubt that the Governor In
any case like the one pending has perfect
right to appoint the Senator."
Turner of Washington said his convic
tions compelled him to vote against Mr.
Quay, although he had voted in favor of
seating Cqrbett. He differentiated be
tween the two cases.
Question a Judicial One.
"This is a judicial question." said Dan
iel of Virginia, "and ought to be decided
upon Judicial principles. According to my
lecal convictions Mr. Quay Is entitled to
a seat in this body, and so believing I will
so vote."
Daniel concluded at 19 minutes of 4
o'clock.
During the afternoon the galleries had
filled gradually until at this time they
•were jammed. Every Senator In the cify
was in his seat and many members of the
House of Representatives, including al
most the solid Pennsylvania deleiratlon.
were in the area outside the rows of
desks.
The joint resolution providing for thfl
filling- of temporary offices in Porto Rico
was sent to conference. Senators Fora
ker. Perkins and Cockrell being named a<*
conferees.
At 4 o'clock th» chair announce 1 th«»
hour for voting- had arrive<l and the pend
ing question was Chandler's motion to
strike out of th« committee resolution*
de.clarinK that Mr. Quay was not entitled
to a ?eaf trt the Senate t.ie worrt "not."
The motion was defeated by a vote of S3
j to Z3.
The question then recurred tr> th<» or
iginal resolution, and it was adopted— 3.l
to 22— the former vote being exactly re
versed on this question.
Thus Mr. Quay was denied a seat in th»>
Senate on the appointment of Governo>
Stone.
The Senate then at 4:25 p. m. adjourned.
QUAY IN CONTROL
Pennsylvania Republican Convention
Meets To-Day.
RARRISBURG. Pa.. Apri! 21.— 1t la con
ceded that tho Republican State Conven
tion here to-morrow will be controlled
by friends of Colonel Quay. There doe;i
not sf«>m to be much doubt of the selec
tion of M. S. Quay. Governor Stone. At
torney General Elkin. ex-Senator Charles
Porttr. J. A. Elverson of Philadelphia.
Congressman J. S. I^eisenrins: of Wilkes
barre. State Chairman Reeder anrl "Wil
liam B. Green of Emporium as delegates
and alternates at larpe to the national
Congressman William Connell of Scran
ton la here urging the convention to In
dorse Postmaster General Smith for Vice
President.
WANAMAKER PLEASED
Says Quay Will Not Be Elected by
the Next Legislature.
NEW YORK. April 24.— John TVana
maker. who was in this city to-ni^ht. ex
pressed satisfaction with the vote in th«
United State? Senate to keep II S. Quay
out of a ?*>at in that house. He said:
•The fact that Quay is to be kept ou:
of the Senate is sufficient for congratula
tion, but I take no satisfaction In. the per
sonal humiliation of a man who has been
so prominent in public life."
Asked if he Intended to be a candidate
for Senator. Mr. Wanamaker replied:
"I'll have to change my mind first.*.
TVanamaker said that Quay could not b»»
elected by the next Legislature by fair
means.
Vest of Missouri Casts
His Ballot With the
Opponents of His
Long-Time Friend
An Immense Throng
Crowds the Galleries
During the Closing
Hours of the Debate*
ROBERTS' ENTIRE
ARMY IN MOTION
British General Attempting to
Isolate the Boers at Wepener.
fllsKltl. Barotoland, April -I. The Born severely attacked
Colonel Dn]irrt7's nortbrrn poHltlon, facing Bokpoort Acton, under
Trhone flrc they made a determined advance. The British retnrned
a hemvy fire, before 'which the Boer* recoiled, after extending:
sn-ons the flats anil maintaining a oontlnaoos lann-ranicv fusillade
f«-r some hours.
Artillery can be heard In the direction of Den'etndorp, bat
there Ik no «i>fn that the Ilritl»h colnmn In that quarter hu ad
v»n«-e«I farther.
The native* report that another British force ban been dc
fnchotl from Rloemfnntrln. If no. the position of the Iloers Bronnd
Wepener tr- prrcarloan.
l.n\i;n\. April 24. — W'lnnton Chnrchill wire* from WaUker
wtrooni. tin -'or Monday* date, a« follow*:
"Combined operations on & izt***t\l neale fire now in proicreitH and
General Hind '#-"«< force in ntill confronting the Boer position be
fore Dewetudorp.**
4ON DON. April %. ia. m.—T he re
ports that the siege of Wepener
has t>e,-n practically raised were
apparently premature. The Beer
attack upon Colonel Dalgety' s
northern position, as described
frcm Maseru, was probably a flr;a.l at
tempt to ru?h the garrison before securing
a safe re-treat. and iis Colonel Dalgety
suecrFsfully repulsed the attack little fur
ther cnxiety Is fe'.t en his account.
Lcrd Roberta has row Eprc&d a net
¦witfc eczne 40.000 or racr? ra<;ri and lf/>
K-ur.a. covering the whole w«tern seni
circ.le around Wepener. while General
Hamilton has occupied the water works,
pmcticaJly without opposition.
Tt-.c Seventh Division, under Oenera.l
T'uZ:ri tesUled It/ luv-at fcurv&f-s made
a demonstration from liar*** 1 Siding, the j
Uoers shewing ««ome opposition- At the
earae tiTne a brigade moved out from Glen :
to take up a position en a range of hills ,
at Gcnraadpnale. north of the Hodder.
The water works were found undamaged
with the exception of the removal of the
eliair.sr valves of the pumping engines.
The Boers now ran only csrape without
risking an encounter northward to Lady
trar.d. and the chance of a successful out
ocrae of the plans of Lord Roberts de
pends on whother the British troops can
r«*ach Thato Ncnu ar/i I-adybrand before
the retreatir.;? < ommaridos from Dev/tts
dorr- and \Vrp«»:ior.
All the correspondents report that the
roads are in a terrible condition, which
accounts for tbe slow progress of the
Brttteb edaoitf; and if the Boers are as
well tr.fcnr.ed of the British plans as they
hitherto have bren they are likely again i
to efcarx-. It is now within three weeks
of the date for the HritlFh occupation of :
Pretcria. and although t fle present opera- ;
tiers, sf jesg£tst*4 ir. ?omo quarters, may !
W> the beginning of the main advance, it
Jr BCt certain that they will not entail a
further fca't at Bloeafoctdn.
Sre-.ccr Wilkinson. <i!s- ussing the mili
tary a tuat'.on in the Morning Post, says:
•¦Lcr<J Robert?, with a commendable con- j
cer.'.rr.cnt of hi* intentions, has btpun the '.
me-rczid act in his campaign. He has sud- ;
oVniy deployed his axmy on the long front
fr.-n: Karee Riding to Wepener. a dis- j
tar.cc of about seventy miles. Without
doubt Winston Churchill's sentence re
garding General Rund'.e means that this
commander Is endeavorirs to amuse the<
E^ers until General French shall be able i
to shut orr the retreat northward.
•The Boers have no army on the spot '
large enough to attack the British army
po deployed. Therefore, as soon as the
locn.l struggles are over the British nu
merical superiority and the skillful har.d
llrrr which recent movements have shown
¦'••s'tify a hope that matters will end in
rarer of the British. The line can. if need
be. be wheeled to its left, so that while
the left holds its ground at Karee Siding
the center and right can move forward to
Thaba Nehu ar.d Ladybrand. Such a
movement would hurry the Boers away
from their position at Brandfort."
A correspondent of the Standard with
General Brabant at Zastron, telegraphing
Monday. *ald:
"Before leaving Rouxvllle. on the ad
vance northward. General Hart issued the
following proclamation:
Take notice— lnhabitant* of Rouxvllle and a.l
rnacern«4, that you are allowed to remain in
occupation 0< your home* In peace an<i qulet
r.fsa, rubjpet to your proper behavior always
a* non-con-.batar.tß in this war and to your
rhp4!enw to *u«-h rules a* the officer whom
I appoint to command here may find it neces
sary to make.
fiuch ral«! will not. howe\-er. b« for oppres
sion, but for precaution, and I hereby direct
him and all troop* under his command to ,
treat you with all due respect and kindness. ,
But If in my ahrence you commit, abet or
Brrecn any act of hostility toward the troops
of the Quwn, not consistent with the honor
able <-u«toin* of mar with regard to the be- !
havlor oi inhabitants considered to be non
rombatant*. I will Sa <Jue time certainly ln
flif-t on you and this town «uch a penalty as
will fore* yju to regret your tranFgreaslon.
"A Boer commando left Zastrom last
Monday, going in the direction of Wep
ener. Before leaving the commanda.nt
compelled a number of unwilling burghers
to Join the fighting force by threats of
confiscating their property.
"The march hither from Aliwal North
ha* been most trying. The roads are in a
terrible condition, and the country- is full
of fwamps and rocky passes. The trans
port, however, surmounted all difficulties
-General Brabant commands the colo
nial cavalry division, and the brigade un
der General Hart forms the advanced po
sition of the column. Boers are reported
to b* In great force on our immediate
front. They are estimated to be 8000
strong, and 13.000 more are eaid to be in
th»» Wepener district."
Tte aiAfekinj: correspondent of the
Times, telegraphing Monday, April 'J,
pives a gloomy account of the depression
aue to the probability of the siege lasting
until the end of May, and says:
"It is hard to accept Colonel Baden
"Powell's efforts to cheer the people by
optlinlstic predictions, in the absence of
any sign of release."
CLARA BARTON SCORES
THAT CHICAGO CORPS
WASHINGTON, April 24.— "1f the re
ports be tru*. these men have practiced
gross deception, broken a. pledge and vio
lated a. confidence which they nought. The
humane world wifi not hold them guilt
l«?ss."
This was the declaration of Miss Clara
Barton respecting the reported action of
the ambulance corps from Chicago in
easting away its Red Cross emblems as
soon sjs it Arrived on the field of war In
South Africa and taking up arms in the
Boer cause.
Miss Burton called upon Secretary of
State Hay to-day and explained her con
nection with this ambulance corps. She
was accompanied by Dr. Hubbcll. who !s
familiar with all the circumstances of the
case. It appears from her statement that
Miss Earton, as president of the American
Red Cross, was waited upon some time
ago by .Mr. Judd of Holyoke. Mass., who
told of the intention of the Irish sucletk-s
cf Chicapo to s=>ind out an ambulance
coips to the Transvaal. It was pointed
out to her that the British side in the
war had received all of the outside help
ar.d fhe was asked to give outgoing expe
ditions credentials and the Red Cross
flag. After consideration Hiss Barton
gave Mr. Judd a letter of a general char
acter, askinp right of way and good treat
ment for the expedition as long cus the
members lived up to the rules of the
Geneva convention. Care was taken to
Include this Important limitation in the
letter. Previously Miss Barton had
learned that each individual composing
ihe party had made oath before a notary
that he was going out to South Africa to
work under the Red Cross and in the
ambulance service To confirm this lm
pwrton Miss Barton was consulted, as
was Dr. Hubbell. respecting the character
of the supplies to be taken to South Af
rica, the rjucntities of medicines and the
number of Ftretchers necessary for the
party.
There were about fifty-eight men in the
expedition when It left New York, a
proper number for an ambulance corps.
But when this party was sr,-elled at Lis
bor. by about 150 men who had preceded
them suspicion was aroused as to the
true character of the men. There was
s-till an Indisposition on the part of the
Red Cross people in this country to be
lieve the first reports of the breach or
faith on the part of this expedition, but
doubt on that point has been removed by
the receipt of Consul Hay's cablegram
confirming the news dispatches. It is not
felt that the Red Cross of America has
been to blame in the matter or that it can
be held responsible for the actions of a
party organized as was this one, entirely
outside of the society's own material; nor
could the request to aid what appeared to
be a laudable enterprise be declined,
though it is improbable that any more,
expeditions of the kind will receive coun
tenance.
RECENT OPERATIONS
REPORTED BY ROBERTS
LONDON". April 24. 11:15 p. m.— The War !
Office Issued the following from Lord
Roberts:
"BLOEMFONTEIN. April 24,-Generals
Brabant and Hart yesterday turned the
position occupied by the enemy, who tried
to prevent their moving, and got into
heliographlc communication with Colonel j
Dalgety, commandant of the besieged gar
rison at Wepener. who reported all well.
General Brabant has three wounded, one
0118510?. Three were wounded on the pre
vious day. The Border Regiment had
s*»ven wounded. ,
"At 11 p. m. yesterday Brabant and Hart
were eight miles south of Wepener. The
Eleventh Division, under General Pole-
Carew and General French's two brigades
of cavalry reached Tweede Celuk yester
day afternoon without having met serious
opposition." - ¦",'*'
."Heliograph communication has been
established with General Rundle. A pa
trol cf the Seventh Dragoons, under Lieu
tenant Jenkins, which was reported miss
ing yesterday, has rejoined General,
French's camp, with the exception of
Corporal Taylor and Private Cook, who
are believed to be wounded end prisoners.
PRICE FITE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIi-XO. 15G.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
COLLAPSE OF THE CALIFORNIA
PACKING COMPANY DEVELOPS
INTO A SENSATIONAL SCANDAL
The San Francisco Call
Son. Matthew S. Quay.
Spreads a Net of Forty
Thousand Men in a
Crescent r Almost In
dosing the Patriots*
CoL Dalgety Repulses
Another Attack and
Is Considered Now
Out of Danger.
Major Qtneral Brabant
Special Dispateh to The CallkK . fSiH tf %>H - A &*«& bar.
DLIU OlXLiO*™- hwtbeaa* bats.
- • .i3Ti«es, Mr..irrt tmb'.»«.
tue-*«i.. i.o. »!. p,.is.v »»nd>-n;«y.*iu. cann«r*.
nyer». fUnjr nntls. feenrtrtea, Urni-Im*. paper-
hxMan. pita'.ocs. paintwn. »&c» fastuilaa, »v«
blemai. Ur-rocfen«. tanner*. tftUora, «to.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrament* St
vjgshv /7© &*^ &yt\) £T^s u '~^ ry3i Ay *s +3 _sp^
Is so vvell known as the best Spring Medicine, that
upon this simple reminder thousands of people will
at once, begin to take it. Will you be of the number?
Hood's Sarsaparilla has' proved by its thousands
of great cures that it has no equal for the v blood,
stomach and nerves. It cures scrofula, salt rheum,
boils, pimples, humors, dyspepsia, sharpens the ap-
petitg, drives away that- tired feeling. It has well
won its title, America's Greatest Spring and B ood
Medicine. Get a bottle and begin to take it TODAY.
REV. ROWLAND HILL
WANTED IN NEBRASKA
Preacher Who Afterward Became a
Milkman Is Accused of
Bigamy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr.. April 24.— Rev. Rowland
P. Hill, under arrest 'at Tacoma, Wash.,
for bigamy, is wanted at Blair, Nebr.,
where a year ago he married Miss Dolly
Powell. Hill's first wife will reach here
this week, having sailed from England
April 14. Hill is a graduate of Cambridge
and a high churchman. A special from
Blair says:
Rowland P. Hill, or Hills, as the Eng
lish letters give his name, was married
here at the Episcopal church by Rector
Young on March 11, IS9D, to Dolly Powell,
daughter of Edgar Powell, now living at
Florence, Nebr. Hills was formerly rec
tor of the Church of England at Bolsover,
Chesterfield, England. He was married to
Mi«s Adsetts of that place about 1593 and
left her in January, 151*6. coming to Phila
delphia. He returned to England in Feb
ruary of the same year and again came to
the United States in August, coming to
New York with his ordination papers,
where he entered upon church work. His
wife's letters followed him. and the
Bishop revoked his license there. He then
came to Atlantic, lowa, and again his
license was taken away from him. There
he became acquainted with the Powell
family, with whom he came to Blair and
went into the milk business. Rev. Mr.
Young had been warned to look out for
one Dr. Hills, but little dreamed that the
man who brought milk to his back door
was the one. It was at the request of the
parents and upon affidavits of Hills that
he had never been married that Rev. Mr.
Young consented to perform the marriage
ceremony, having misgivings of the man
on account of his highly educated man
ners.
Upon learning that he was the man
of whom he had been warned about ten
months before he has taken earnest steps
to have him brought to justice.
DIGNITIES GRANTED
TO WALES' SON-IN-LAW
Queen Victoria Bestows Upon Him
the Titles Earl of MacdufE and
Duke of Fife.
LONDON, April 25.— The Gazejtte this
afternoon contains the notlflc?atlon that
the Queen has granted to the Duke of
Fife (son-in-law of the Prince of Wales)
the dignities of an Earl and Duke of
the United Kingdom, under the titles of
Earl of Macduff and Duke of Fife, with
the remainder, in default of a male heir, to
elder surviving daughter, and successive
ly to the male heirs of the daughters by
his wife, the Prlnce33 Louise of Wales,
thus practically precluding the extinction
of the title. The Duke and Duchess of
Fife have two daughters, Lady Alexandra
and Lady Maud.
Mansfield's Season to Close.
BUFFALO. April 24— The engagement
of Richard Mansfield here has been can
celed. Mr. Mansfield arrived here from
New York yesterday. His condition is
such that complete rest will be necessary.
He will close his season immediately.
MARRIAGE THAT
SHAKES BERLIN
COURT CIRCLES
Dowager Empress Frederick
Wedded to Count
Saeckentorf.
Legul Ceremony Recalls an Old
Scandal Dating Back to the
Reign of the First
William-
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April 24.— A sensational fact
concerning the court of Berlin has Just
come to light, a fact, however, which will
not surprise those familiar with certain
scandals current in court circles during
the reign of Emperor Frederick. The lat
ter's widow, Empress Frederick, has just
been married to Count Saeckentorf.
It was observed when the Empress was
last In Naples that she walked about ¦with
Count Saeckentorf arm-in-arm and caused
not a little comment thereby, especially In
view of the* fact that during the reign of
William I the Empress was ordered to
leave Berlin by reason of her familiarity
with this court official. Even during the
time of Emperor Frederick a scandal was
quietly circulated concerning the relations
between the two. As both the Count and
the Empress are now well on in years, the
desire to put an end to court chatter, and
by virtue of a legal marriage to spend
their lives quietly together, unhampered
by the discomfort of a false position, may
be easily understood. The Empress desired
that the announcement of the marriage
sh6uld be made public, but this the Kaiser
objected to.
The source from which the information
comes makes the fact as reported here in
disputable.
TO PLACE TAX
BURDEN UPON
CORPORATIONS
Bill Presented Jo Amend the
War Revenue Law
Now in Force.
Proposed Measure Provides That
Railroads, Express Companies and
Other Common Carriers Must
Affix the Stamp.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 24.—Representa
tive Wilson of New York to-day Intro
duced a bill in the House of Representa
tives to amend the war revenue law so as
to compel railroads, express companies
and other common carriers to pay the
revenue taxes on express packages and
freight shipments. The bill provides that
the company shall affix and cancel at Its
own expense a 1 cent revenue stamp on
each bill of lading, manifest or other evi
dence of receipt and forwarding of each
shipment. For failure to comply with the
law, a' penalty of $50 In each case is pro
posed and no bill of lading, manifest or
receipt is to be valid for use In evidence
unless duly stamped as provided In the
bill. This bill is advocated by the Mer
chants' Association of New York and by
many other commercial organizations
throughout the country, as under the re
cent decision of the United States courts
these freight and express taxes must bo
paid by the shipper. ¦
APPLIES FOR A RECEIVER.
Hearing of Suit of Clarence Barber
Against International Land Co.
HARTFORD, Conn., April 24.— An inter
national case, affecting the claims of all
creditors of tho companies which were
formed under the laws of Connecticut and
were later succeeded by the International
Company of Mexico, with headquarters
in London, came up in the Superior Court
to-day on application for the appointment
of a receiver. •
The International Company of Mexico is
the defendant and Clarence L. Barber, an
attorney of California, plaintiff. The suit
Is to recovrr on a United States judgment
awarding Frank E. Bates of California
$120,000 In 1592 on a certain parcel of land
which the company had agreed to sell him
in Lower California, but had failed to do
It. The Judgment was assigned to Mr.
Barber, who brines suit.' . ¦ • •. •
DR.PIERCES
MEDICAL ¦ j
SD!§C©VEGIY
FOR THE
BLOODJJVER. LU WGS;
PRESIDENT AND PARTY .
VISIT HIS CANTON HOME
In Deference -to the Wishes of the
Chief Executive There Is No
< "Public Demonstration.
CANTON, Ohio, April 24.— President and
Mrs. McKinley and party arrived at 10:10
o'clock this morning. In deference to the
announcement of the President's friends
that he came here for rest from public
care and to look after private affairs no
public demonstration was arranged.
The carriages were driven by the most
direct route to the M. C. Barber home,
where the party are to— be entertained
during their several days' visit.
President McKlnley expects to leave
Canton for Cleveland by the Valley Rail
road Wednesday morning to visit his
sisters, Mrs. A. J. Duncan and Miss Helen
McKinley. It Is thought he will return
to Canton Wednesday evening.
PRISON KEYS RETURNED.
Outlaws Send Their Compliments to
Sheriff White.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., April 24.— Sheriff Scott
White of Cochise County has received the
keys of the County Jail that were taken
by train robbers when they shot the jailer
and broke Jail a few weeks ago. The
keys were sent to the Sheriff by the
fugitives themselves, and the train mes
senger to-'whom they were intrusted was
Instructed to present the Sheriff with
the compliments of the fugitives. The
keys were given to a train messenger at
Cochise station by Alvord, Stiles and
Bravo Juan when they were at that place
a few days ago. Nothing has been heard
from the posse that Is on the trail of the
fugitives. , . - t -
Suicide of a Miner.
JAMESTOWN, April 24.— Some time to
day Sidney Tranler, a miner employed In
the Abby L mine at Big Oak Flat, blew
the top of hlB head off with a giant pow
der cartridge in a stope in the mine. His
body was discovered this afternoon. He
was . about 2S years of age; single a-nd
came to Tuolumne County from Nevada
City five months ago. He had been acting
queerly of late and frequently threatened
to take his life.' •
CAMELS FOR CALIFORNIA.
Afghans Told That They Could Be
Used on the Deserts.
VANCOUVER, B, C, April 24.— Two
natives of Afghanistan are in Vancouver
en route to San Francisco. They say they
were told that "camels could be used very
profitably on the deserts of California and
on the plains of Alaska." They were
told on arriving here, however, that cam
els In AlaSka were an absurdity, and that
there were no deserts in California, but
they are going to California to see for
themselves before they return to New
Zealand, where they have a big camel
freighting business in full swing.
"Waresheds Destroyed.
FAIRMOUNT, Ind., April 24.— The ware
sheds of Wilson & McCulloch's fruit jar
factory were destroyed by fire to-day.
Three hundred carloads of finished jara
were consumed. The estimated los 3 is
$150,000. insurance $70,000. This represents
almost an entire season's work. The ori
gin of the fire is unknown.
UPRISING OF
CHINESE REBELS
IS EXPECTED
» ¦
Quantities of Arms Have
Been Shipped Into the
Interior.
In Many Places Camps Have Been
Established and Revolution
ists Are Drilling
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 24.— According
to news received here by the Empress of
China great preparations are being made
by the rebels of China for a big revolu
tion. A Macao correspondent says there
Is not the slightest doubt that tho near
future will see a vast army of rebel 3
rising in the interior. During the four
months of the present year no less than
20,000 Mauser rifles and a great quantity
of' ammunition and other war materials,
were taken inland from that port and
colony. On March 19 a German steamer
arrived there with cases of what pur
ported to be merchandise, but which it
was afterward learned was COCO rifles and
a large stock of powder and ammunition.
The captain of the steamer said these
arms had all been sold to the people of
inland China. *
A correspondent of the North China
Daily News in Shantung says the move
ment of the "Boxer" rebels continues to
grow. In many places there are camps
of Chinese drilling with more or less pub
licity with the firm expectation that in the
not long distant future there is to be a
general rising.
The rebellion in Shantung is growing to
an alarming extent, the revolutionists
having even made an irruption into Chill,
and it Is even said by some correspondents
that they have reached the neighborhood
of Tientsin, so that should they attempt
to enter that settlement the foreign troops
will have to land to protect life and prop
erty.
The Peking Government, however, de
siring to avert the necessity it is pre
sumed of alien interference, has sent 7000
troops to attack the rebels. In Canton,
too. despite the attempts of Li Hung
Chang to put it down, the insurrection
grows, and from Wei-Hal-Wel comes
news that disturbances are threatened be
tween the British and the Chinese.
EMPEROR OF CHINA ILL.
Humor Current That He Is Being
Slowly Poisoned.
YOKOHAMA, April 13, via Victoria, B.
C, April 24.— As to the approaching de
mise of the Emperor there are strangely
conflicting reports. A few days ago there
came the news that the court was mak
ing extensive preparations for going into
mourning, the Empress Dowager, it being
presumed, buying her supplies. •* .
I The same day, however, came the an
nouncement of visits paid by the Dowager
to the Ewo palace, in company with the
Emperor. Private accounts, nevertheless,
all agree that his Majesty Is In a pre
carious condition, some averring that slow
poison is doing its work and that' the re
ported death w.ill shortly reach some such
culmination.
Mounted Infantry yesterday, under Gen
eral lan Hamilton, occupied the water
work«< at Sannas Post. As the enemy are
holding the neighboring hills In some
strength, the Ninth Division, consisting
of General Smith Dorrien's and General
Macdonald's brigades, has been dispatched
to support Hamilton.
"General Maxwell's brigade, formerly
General Chormpide's, of the Seventh Divi
sion, yesterday moved eastward and
poized the hills covering: the wagon bridge
over the Modder River at Krans Kraal,
an Important communication, much used
by the Boers during the Last three weeks.
Our only casualty was Private Brun. New
South Wales Mounted Rifles, taken pris
oner."
SAYS BRITISH GENERALS
ARE VERY INCOMPETENT
PARIS. April 24.— Captain Leon, the
French engineer, who had charge of the
Boer artillery and engineers and who was
phot in the head during the siege of Ktm
terley. arrived at Marseilles to-day. His
head is still bandaged and the sight of the
left eye- is lost. In the course of an in
terview he discussed the Boera as "splen
did artillerists." He said they never had
more than from 36.000 to 40.000 men under
arms, and of these they had lost only
6000. of whom only 600 had been killed.
"In my opinion," said Captain Leon,
"unless the Boers win an Important vic
tory near Blocmfontein they must b<
beaten In the end, and although Pretoria
could withstand a Jong siege, because it
still possesses cannon and emplacements
for those temporarily withdrawn, I be
lieve the plan of the Boers is to* take
refuge In the mountainous region to the
north, which la practlcaly Inaccessible,
rather than to defend Pretoria at the risk
of a heavy lo*s of life and the exposure
of the population to the fire of the British.
Evm when Great Britain declares the
Transvaal annexed the Boers will never
yif-ld, and an army of liiO.ooo will be need
ed to occupy the country."
Speaking win reference to the climate
of South Africa, Captain Leon said that
the season was now approaching when
horse sickness ceased, and that Jthe Brit
ish would therefore not suffer much long
er on this account.
The death of General Villebois Mareuil
was. In Captain Leon's opinion, a very
great lors to the Boers. Louis Botha, the
new commander In chief, he characterized
as a "capable and daring general, upon
whom the Boers could reckon consider
ably." When his opinion of the British
generals was asked he replied: "They are
absolutely worthless. Their lncompetency
surpasses all belief. The errors they have
committed are enormous and Incompre
hensible."
SAYS THE BOERS GAVE
NATIVES NO QUARTER
LONDON, April 25.— Lady Sarah Wil
son, In a dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Maf eking, dated Sunday, April 8, says:
"Our bread is made now entirely of
oats and Is full of husks. This causes
much Illness. There are many cases of
nervous prostration and malarial typhoid
among the garrison.
"The news of the check to the relieving
column is a terrible disappointment. Last
Friday thirty-three natives issued forth
to recover some cattle which had been
looted by the Boers. They were betrayed
by unfriendly natives to the Boers, who
surrounded them while they were eleep
ing and shot them all but one. giving no
quarter. One escaped to tell tne tale. The
natives are now mad for revence and It
will be very difficult to control them.
"The bombardment continues. Our cas
ualties to combatants up to the end of
March ag-gregated. 368 killed and wound
ed."
LISTING THOUSANDS
OF COLONIAL REBELS
CAPE TOWN, April 24.— The authorities
have already listed the names of 12,000 al
leged rebels in Cape Colony and Natal.
A consignment of thousands of boots,
shirts, clothes and packages of tobacco
will bs dispatched from here to-morrow
to the United States Consul at Pretoria,
Adelbert S. Hay, for distribution among
the British soldiers held as prisoners by
the Boers. V
Prisoners for St. Helena.
CAPE TOWN, April 24.-The transport
Bavaria sails for St. Helena with 105 pris
oners to-morrow. . " '
rWOMBFUL
TRUSS.
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTINO HIS WORLD-KENOWNED
#r Ma»TJetle Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce cave t»
the public the most remarkable remedy eT?r
<ll»covered for the successful treatment of Her-
cla or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hav4
been permanently relieved and radically CUR2D
by thl* rreat appliance, and thousands of oteera
are now en the road to complete recovery. Thl*
Trass la different from all others. It does ta*
Too can »et o«r "BOOTCLET No. 1" by call-
in* at the office, or It will be sent on receipt oC
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
G2O Market Street (Opposite Palac* Hotel).
San Francisco.
Ea«tern Office— New York City.
ROBERTS' ENTIRE
ARMY IN MOTION
Continued from First Page.
PACIFIC GROVE. April 24.— The Ep
worth League convention, which
opens In this city next week, is to
be a gathering of extraordinary im
portance in several ways. Repre
senting, as it does the flower of
young Methodism in California, it stands
for much in the State's progress, and tally
recognizing this fact those who are at the
head of its affairs have brought a large
amount of thought and energy to bear in
planning for what they hope will be one of
the most notable assemblies of its kind
ever held on the Pacific Coast.
About 500 persons will be In attendance,
over 300 of whom are accredited delegates,
and leaders in things secular as well as re
ligious in California will appear upon the
platform during the convention. Among
these are Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, presiding
elder of the San Francisco district of the
California Conference; Rev. Dr. J. N.
Beard of Grace Church. San Francisco;
Hon. William H. Waste of Oakland. Hon.
B. A. Eardley of Pacific Grove. Rev. Dr.
Thomas Filben. moral and prudential
manager of Pacific Grove; Dr. John A. R.
Wilson of Howard-street Methodist Epis-
quet to the delegates will be held on Fri
day evening, the 27th. in which the local
league ¦is host. Saturday afternoon a
sightseeing tour to the points -of interest
hereabouts will be enjoyed between busi
ness sessions. Mrs. R. H. Willey, presi
dent of • the Pacific Grove League, has
charge of these arrangements, as well as
all preparations for receiving and enter
taining the delegates upon their arrival.
The new assembly hall being as yet un
completed, the convention will be held in
the old building, and elaborate decora
tions, in which the red and white Ep
worth League colors will jn'ngle with cy
press and llveoak and handsome floral ef
fects, have been planned by the commit
tee. A large part of the decorations are
already in place.
The convention will be formally opened
on Friday afternoon, the 27th, and routine
business will occupy that session. In the
evening there will be an address of wel
come, delivered by Hon. B. A. Kardley.
President H. D. Smith responding, other
notable addresses and the reception and
banquet. On Saturday the business of the
convention will be carried forward, and
Sunday will be devoted to religious exer
cises, the assembly closing with a league
consecration service on Sunday night, the
29th.
copal Church, San Francisco: H. E. Mil
nes of Santa Clara and H. D. Smith of
Santa Cruz, the convention's president.
The work of the convention will include
discussion of all departments of league
work, and especial attention will be paid
to .the new literary and social features,
that are proving so successful throughout
the State. The body is of a legislative as
well as advisory character, and it is ex
pected that much important action rela
tive to future enlargement of the general
work of the league will be taken during
the convention.
An exceptionally important feature will
i be the plans for tho international conven
1 tion. which meets in San Francisco next
I year/The present convention will be prac
! tically the host of the great international
I body, and leading points to be considered
|in making preparations. for entertaining
i tho thousands of young people who will
attend will be considered by Dr. Beard,
Dr. Filben. William H. Waste and other
prominent Methodist. clergymen and lay
imen. Indeed, the international convention
iof 1901 will be. in a measure, the keynote
i of the work of the present gathering.
i The social features will not be lacking
In entertaining these 500 young people,
'and in this- regard the local league Is to
come out strong. A reception and ban-
I do not beliere there
is a case of dyspep-
sia, indigestion or
any stomach trouble
that cannot be re-
lieved at one* and
permanently cured
by my DYSPEPSIA
CURE.
MUNTON.
At all druggists.
23c. a TlaL Guide
to Health and medi-
cal adrice free. 1505
Arch Btreet, Phila.
EPWORTH LEAGUERS PREPARE FOR
THE RALLY AT PACIFIC GROVE
WARNING SENT
TO THE RULER
OF THE TURKS
American Government In
sists Upon an Immediate
bettlement.
Ottoman Minister Notifies the Ports
of Bad Impression Created
by Continued
Delays.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 24. — The
Porte has received telegrams from the
Turkish Minister at Washington, Ali Fer
rouh Bey. pointing out the bad Impres
sion created In the United States by the
non-payment of the Indemnity due, and
announcing the determination of the
American Government to insl3t upon
prompt settlement of the claims.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— 1t can be
stated on authority that the negotiations
respecting the American missionary
claims are progressing in the most satis
factory manner In the view of the Gov
ernment. The department has received
from Mr. Griscom. the United States
Charge d'Affaires, a cablegram announc
ing that the Porte has undertaken to
meet all of the engagements made with
the United States Minister regarding tho
payment of the claims set up on account
of the destruction of American mission
property in Turkey. It is not stated when
the payments will be made, and it is sur
mised that owing to the many obligations
of greater magnitude pressing upon the
Porte, some time may yet elapse before
the money is actually in hand.
The Charge also confirmed the press
reports as to the publication by the Porte
of an irade authorizing the rebuilding of
the destroyed missions at Harpoot and
Harsam, and the construction of an an
nex to the Robert College, the great
American theological school in Constan
tinople. This action of the Turkish au
thorities is regarded of an importance far
exceeding the mere payment of JM.QOO on
account of property destroyed by a mob.
It amounts to a recognition of the rights
of our missionaries to build their schools
in Turkey and insures them against what
they regarded as a gradual but absolute
exclusion from the domains of the Sul
tan.
On the whole the officials here regard
Mr. Grlscom's cable as marking the safe
passage of what might have been regard
ed as a critical point in the negotiations,
and feel confident that, in addition to
this notable concession, the t'nited States
will secure all of Its just claims.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIL, WEDNESDAY,/ APRLL 25, 1900.
OHIO REPUBLICANS
EULOGIZE McKINLEY
Not a Discordant Note to Mar
the Opening Day of the
Convention.
Hanna Responds to Calls for a Speech and
Urges Organization for the Coming
Campaign.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. April 24.— The Re
publican State Convention made a gTeat
administration demonstration here to-day.
I'sually there is only one- keynote speech—
that of the temporary chairman— but
there were two to-day, and the one that
caused more comment than any other con
vention speech In the history of Ohio Re
publicans was by Senator Hanna. It was
vry much of a Hanna day, without dis
"cniing or discordant notes.
The Senator arrived early In the morn
ing and was encaged all forenoon In re
oeivlr.g visitors. Several delegations called
on him in a body and he responded in
speecbes. At th<? district meeting In the
af.lorr.oon hi« friends were selected on the
DCW State eouiiniite© and all other com
mittees. There- were sharp contests in
cone districts, but they were mostly be
tween so-oailcd preferences. When Sen
ator Jlanna entered the convention hall
there was a preat demonstration und he
vaa forced to b-t'x his acknowledgments
from the piatforin.
In all tilts speeches and other proceed
inrs to-day there was no reference at any
time to questions <>t currency, the tariit
or ary other former lst^ue.
State Chairrr.aji Myron A. Norris or
Your^Jtown called the convention to or
der Robert M. Kevin, the temporary
chairman, made a decisive hit In li.s
forcible delivery, and evpedmUy in tno
peculiar cr.:phr»sis he put in the words "as
U a.«J:i:irai In referring to Dewey. In
beginning he said:
We can cor^ratulate ourselves upon prom
ises kept, fitMXtßtm* fulfilled and pledges re
deemed. No party vai ever richer in promises
than the litmocraiic party and no party was
ever acantier in fulfillment. When we I«H
back but four years and see the condition of tne
country when Grover Cleveland wan serving his
last term, and compare it with to-day, we can
soiirt-ely believe tiia.t only four years have
elKpwJ. At that tlnw labur was Peking em
ployment mill* and jactories were closed, farm
produce was seliins at the lowest prices and
the neoplr. iatttad of bulldir.j? fur the future,
»ere «.jrjderii-g whence would come their daily
brr&d.
We entered urxrm the campaign of education
in ISS6. trusting to tiie honor and integrity of
the American people. When the question was
prooxtad as to whether we should pay our
debts in the best coin in the world, or whether
we would re;>udiate them in whole or in part
by JJ*yinß in a debased currencj". the RejiuWl
cin party unhesitatingly went to the people,
believing that it couM trus=t them at all times
and under ail circumstances to do what was
r:pht. The reouit we know. In no uncertain
trnni went" out the fiat that repudiation either
tr. whole or in jiart would never be permitted
bjT the people of thi? country- Ohio's gifted son.
\Villiam McKinley. was triumphantly elected
and e\ory promise that had b?en made hy the
National (.'invention in 8t l^iuis has. through
hi» administration, been loyally fulfilled.
Hanna Called Out.
After the demonstration at the close of
his addiess Chairman N'evln attempted to
proceed with the order of business, but
the convention was bound to call out Sen
aiur Hanna. Finally he arose and spoke
as follows:
I am sorry that I have not the strength nor
the voii-e to comply with your request, and.
therefore. I rise only to express ray feelings
Of gratification at this kind reception. And
now that we have established the fact that
"We do know our business" (great laughttr
anj <*hecrE>, my next suggestion is that we
l.roo^d to do it (renewed cheering), and I
¦rooM mc-iestly suggest that from niy ctand
point we have plenty of business to do.
I say the spirit of the hour is one of abso
lute fearlessness on the part of the Uepubli
c&iis. \V« are ccnsoii.u?, as our chairman has
eaid, of having fuifi'led every promise made.
\\> took this country into our hand> and
under our care after four years of the greatest
vicisti:udes through which we have ever
passed in our history- At our convention at
Bt. l^«iu:e we unnouncfd the jrolicy and the
doctrine of the Republican party, upon whkh
Jiad been builded the material Interests for
twenty odd years. We promised euch reforms
and economic measures as would produce ma
terial benefits to the country, and we went
farther and paid we will co beyond even the
itValts of our fathers in the preat results which
must com* fr>,m the peri*iuation of such a
Policy. The best tvidence of the success of
that pclicy is in what we have accomplished
*nd achieved as affecting the material inter
e*t* of this cnuntry. Yuur chairman made
some statements with reference to the growth
erf our export trade. Why he did net state
half of it. Th<> balance of net trade in favor
of the United States during the last century
preceding this administration amounted to
tSll.OWj.tnX>. ' ._ , ..
In 100 years that was the n^t balance to tne
credit "of" the United States in our trade with
the world. In three years of the administration
of President William McKinley the net balance
«s shown 'by the books of the United fctates
Tie-fury i» tIA%.WO.V» (great applause and
cne* of "Good. rood"). It is U.IM.WO.OM more
ace mp'.i^h^d in these three years than nad
l«*r wawapllmhed in 100 years precedlnK
(More ch.-*rin«:.> And then, looklnp n.to the
face of such r.-sult*. I repeat your chairman s
words "I»o we want to change?"
Th«- rt-pults of the war with Spain are not
accidental. The destiny which had been writ
ten fo- th'.s country must 1^ filled in the nat
ural order of lh:nps. It was but one step for
wa-d in the direction of the duty pet for us
to <(o. and n<. matter what influences may be
thrown ar.-und us to impede our progress, it
can not and will not stop. (Cheering.)
I>estiny of the Country.
I do not care wheth«T you call It imperialism
or »-x->ansion. The destiny nf this country is
writun ar.rt any party or combination of m«>n
that HU*?:nptß by any subterfuge or makeshift
in DOlttSa to gtop the power and proirresg of
this nation will iro down under it Just as the
I Htmocmtic party ha? Kon«» down, and now that
this Government is confronted with the respon
sibilities which are ciK-n to us we a*k the Re
publican party in Ohio, as we did four yean
ago, to sound the keynote to the balance of the
t'nion: to esi'i-ejss her confidence in her great
leader, our ITesident: to show by the interest
they take. and the efforts they make in this
campaign their confidence in that leadership in
their determination to *tand loyally by him and
his policy. (Henewed rheerlnK.) Hi» courage
during all the dark days of that war and
many corn nli eat ion* which succeeded it has
never failed for cne moment. And I want to
Improve this opportunity to say in this pres
ence that there nev<-r hag been an hour, no, not
a moment, that he h»p n-it been in touch with
hi* party in Washington.
The cor.scicuFn<~FS that he is prepared for and
jnwts every diffiuculty determined to do what
peems bert and right for the people in- our tn
rular possessions, at the Banie time maintain
ing the dipntty and prestige of our own country
and protecting cur labor and our industries:
that feeling that he is doliyr ripht has enabled
him to call to his support that aid which al
wey* come* to a etronj: leader of men and no
matter what collateral issues may be arranged
in this coming campaign. I know that the
people of the United States feel comfortable
and cor.fldrnt when thej- know that WilHam
McKlnley is at the wheel. (Cheers.) I «ay,
mv fellow Republicans, that we want to com
mence now to <lo buy'ness. and the spirit and
hiirmony which j>ervades the convention is a
irood ausury that we will work together Jn
this campaign, shoulder to shoulder in a com
mon ranee, fonrettim? ill individual contests
and lend ourselves to cne rreat united effort
y put the KepuWican party of the State of
Ohio where it nlwaya is— to the front— and
through the cMnraicn to maintain that posi
tion «¦ an example to the country. Let us
commence now. as «oon as the duties of this
convention are over: make our organization, as
we always do. perfect, forretting. as I said,
all differences, but lorkinic only to the common
end. and U'e success of the whole party^ plac
lnjf us in such a position that whatever falter
\ng and indecision there may t«e in ether sec
tions of the country. Ohio will stand, as she
always does. In solid phalanx in the front rank
of the fight. (Cheers.)
At the close of Senator Hanna's speech
the districts were called for the members
of the committee on credentials, resolu
tions, order of business, etc. After an
nouncing that all the committees woulij
b<» expected to complete their work to
rsiRht the convention adjourned to 10 a. m.
to-morrow. '_"
ADMIRAL DEWEY TO
ISSUE NO STATEMENT
Decides to Stand Upon His Record
Before the Kansas City
Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!l.>V* -.'
WASHINGTON. April , 24.— Admiral
Dewey has decided to go , before the
Kanr as City convention on his record.
Unless the advice of come "of his friends
should overrule his decision he will not
issue a. statement' giving his ' views' on
[ pending national questions. The admiral
;. feels that the Democratic party is ac
j quainted with his services, and they can
i Judge his future conduct by his work In
! the past. Therefore he sees no advantage
j to be gained by the publication of a state-
I mem. Some ct his advisers believe the
j admiral is making- a mistake in failing to
! acquaint the country with the platform
j on which he v.-ill stand, and they predict
I that should he keep his lips sealed his
chances will very rapidly diminish. The
admiral is as confident as ever, however,
that his candidacy .will be successful. En
couraging 1 letters continue to reach him
from persons of more or less prominence
throughout the country promising him
their support and declaring that the peo
ple are with him. Some letters are re
ceived criticizing the admiral for his en
trance Into the Presidential rare. It is
kpown that some of the admiral's corre
| spondrnts and several of his friends are
j urginpr him to accept the Vice Presidential
candidacy on the Bryan ticket. Those
who know the admiral's detestation of
Rryarism well understand that this is Im
possible. Furthermore, the admiral fe»ls
that ho has announced himself as a Presi^
i dorctial and not as a Vice Presidential cant
j dldate. and he proposes to have first place
! or nothing.
Speaking for 50.000 children of the North
west. Representative Cleary of the Minne
sota delegation in Congress will present
! to Admiral Dowry to-morrow a rfandsomo
j pold watch. The timepiece was purchased
i with 50.000 pennies contributed by the chil
i drcn of Minnesota and neighboring States.
Congressional Nominations.
WASHINGTON, April 24.-The follow
lnp Congrresslonal nominations are re
pnrted:
First Wisconsin District —Congreasman
P. A. Cooper (R.). renomlnated.
Twelfth Indiana District—Congressman
James M. Robinson (D.>. renomlnated.
Second Wisconsin District—Congress
man Herman B. Dahle (R.). renomlnated.
Sixth Wisconsin District —Congressman
J. H. Davidson (R.>. renomlnated.
Fourth Wisconsin District—Congress
man Thonhold Oljen (H.). renominated.
Third Wisconsin District —Congressman
J. W. Babccck (R.). renominated.
Let the ba£
store make
an estimate
i on your
i ASasfcan outfit.
food, clothing
and utensils.
Everything
under one roof.
Ooods properly
| packed and del-
ivered on time.
w>l |^^^)^~y~B!S~~^~^^PEH^»^^^^Di^^.— i ____f
Wl^lTTS^TiWi TPT^
c STRICTLY
RELIABLE
DR. TALCOTT
& co.
fV\j£A>jr Diseases and "Weak-
M\V</1 >. nesses of
only.
\jCyl // 897 Market St. Cor. fltl».
j / Entire Upper Floor.
WjJfrmWßr INJECTION. |
I A PERMANENT CURE I
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcra >
P and Gleet, Kraranteed In from 3 to 6 C
5 J? •no ot hrr treatment required. s
5 ' Sold by all druses**. S
Dolqaq The covered paaaagre-
1 did I/O wa >* connecting these
two Immense struc-
—^— — —— tures places under
.. one management 1400
of* rl rooms. 900 of which
C*llV* have baths attached.
______________ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
f* ~._ ~- ~1 °' the w °rld recognize
ill clTlCl aml appreciate the
»-»¦«»<» comforts and conveni-
—————— ences offered by these
?'¦* --¦¦• hotels.
Hnfnlo American plan. Eu-
11UIC19 ropean plan.
visit OR JORDAN'S sreat4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
9 © 1: " UA2XXT 2- ¦ **~ 6±k?X Z.T .&L 4
\ Vf Ths Largest Anatomical Mtacum in the T
W A^vW*^ World. W exicne&^es or any contracted M
L PCSSVu «? ile «*« pciillvrljtcurtrf by the oldest V
f» (J^SfA C 3. JQRDA.M--PEWATE DISEASES 4
1 ff^*^" ,, t -°- 1 ' ultitlon frf and «tri'tly private. \
S a UvTii Trt Mment personally or by letter. A a
\H W Tl M "*•''" t '^« r « in erery case undertaken. \
(5 Tif iIW" w 'itefor Book. PaaOoOPßVtl M
I 1 jmai*«K, mailko »xa& <Af
\ (i [!¦ valuable book for ora) \
7 f>it JORDAS i «* «'O .. K»l Martr.Pt St.. B. F ¥
ITft — "» T~ Tl T T> I>i m ¦> ii » »
2
Good Speakers En
gaged to Address
the Delegates to the
State Convention.
Ample Entertainment
Will Be Provided
After the Business
of the' Day Is Over.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, April 24.— Instructions have
been cabled to Mr. Grlscom, Amer
ican Charge d' Affaires in Constan
tinople, directing him to reject the
proposition submitted by the Sultan
for a settlement of American mis
sionary claims, and to peremptorily
demand payment.
ACTIVE WORKERS IN EPWORTH LEAGUE MOVEMENT.Parlors IMssolved.
The committee on returns reported that
Altamont Parlor No. 167. Shasta Parlor
No. 25 and Mayfield Parlor No. 166 have
filed no reports for the term ending De
cember, ISO 9. It was therefore declared
that they were not entitled to representa
tion in the Grand Parlor, and the delegate
from Altamont Parlor, who had been seat
ed by the committee on credentials, was
declared not entitled to his place. The
recretary of each was fined $5.
tered the institution the physicians said
he would not live five months. Reports
from there, it seems confirm this. The
ex-Attorney General Is very nervous and
it is almost impossible to quiet him down.
His relatives are doing everything pos
sible for him."
NATIVE SONS ARCH AT OROVILLE.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
nBOVILiLE, April 24.— 1t was sup
posed when the last delegate and
Utfce l&st delegate's lact friend had
stepped down from the train last
night that the town of Oroville was
foil, but it was not near full, as the
streets to-day prove people from the sur
rounfiing towns axe beginning to come in.
This afternoon's train brought In a dele-
E*tL°n of Argonauts from Marysvllle and
ct&ges brought In a pack of Coyotes from
Chlco. To-night they and the Goo-Goos
ar« holding high revels. The day was a
beautiful one, the girls of the town were
dressed in tn«lr prettiest and the streets
are gay as & country fair. Politics in the
Grand Parlor has taken another small
hitch. Perkins of Athens Parlor has
withdrawn from the contest for grand
outside sentinel, thus leaving the Ala
meda delegation to unite in one fight, that
of Knowlsjid for grand trustee. He be
lieves this will assure his victory.
D. D. Lowney of El Dorado No. E2 has
Joined the fight for grand trustee and his
workers are out In force.
Dick Barton, leader of the Goo-Goos, is
out for grand outside sentinel, and the
other fights have lapsed Into silence and
hard work. It Is now reported that Kohn
may not go before the delegates as an
opponent to Martin.
Revels of Goo Goos.
To-night the Goo-Goos have possession
of the courtroom and they are trying
Dick Barton for the set of his collar or
the color of his hair, or something equally
Fc-rious. and crying for punishment. It is
hard saying what will happen to him be
fore they are through.
In the session hall the Coyotes are eon
*i-n-lr.g their dread degree on several of the
pracd officers, and when they are through
the Argonauts will confer their degree on
some more unfortunates. This will last
until daylight. Before the ceremonies
there will be a parade of Argonauts.
Coyotes and Curly Bears. The delegates
were busy to-day and got through quite
an amount of work and listened to much
discussion.
Fred H. Blackwell of Dormer No. 162,
whose election as a delegate was Irregu
lar, was nevertheless seated as a fully
credentlaled member of the Grand Parlor.
A resolution directing that the Govern
ment be petitioned to dedicate the old
custom-house at Monterey, the scene of
the first flag-raising in California, as a
permanent museum of California history
of pioneer days was referred to a commit
tee composed of J. J. Lermen. J. T. Har
nis and George E. de Golia. The resolu
tion sets forth that the "building is an
exemplar of the style of architecture pre
vailing In the pioneer days of our State,
and In many other ways can serve as a
fitting and lasting monument of the events
of those times."
Admission Day Celebration.
On motion of L. C. Pißtolesi, the follow
ing resolution was adopted:
Resolved. That the celebration of Admission
day, September 9, 1900, under the auspices of
Urn Grand Parlor of tha Native Sons of the
Golden West, be held In the city and county
of £an Francisco.
a communication from Stella Finkel
dey, Anna M. Llnscott and Adele F. Ben
nett, of Santa Cruz Parlor No. 26, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, called
attention to come criticisms which
have been passed by the press on pre
vious celebrations, and also by the peo
ple for conduct on the part of followers
of the celebration, for which and for
whom the Grand Parlor is In no way to
blame. The injury of this, it is noted,
falls particularly upon the Native Daugh
ters, and the committee asked that strin
gent rules as to the issuing and loaning
oi badges be framed. The matter waa
referred to the legislation committee.
Grand Vice President F. L. Coombs,
Grand Past President ¦William Conley
CARMVAL QUeENS AT ORGViLLE.
people of Oroville will wind up the session,
with a carnival, for which some of the
prettiest features planned for the week
have been reserved. There will be sev
eral events of Interest during the day. but
the feature of it all will be the parade,
the battle of the flowers and the crown
ing of the queen. This has been left al
most entirely to the ladles.
There will be three floats in the parade
—the queen's float, decorated with UUes
and done in white; the children's float,
done In pink, and the bear float, on which
will be seen a bear In a field of popples.
The children's float will represent a large
shell and upon It will be grouped the
fairy queen and her attendants. Little
Lesle Jones will be the queen of the fair
ies and her attendants will be Edllda
Fogg. Hattle Jacoby. Marian Duncan. Lu
cile Wise. Xellie Paxton. Carrie Myers.
Edith Gardella. Ethel Smith. May Doo
ley. Lucinda Srnuck and Bethyl Berrter.
The parade will march to the Court
house square and there the queen will be
crowned. She will be escorted to her
throne by the queen of the fairies, while
the school children will strew her path
with flowers. After the coronation the
queen will issue a proclamation forbidding
all care and ordering that Joy and glad
ness shall reign supreme. The queen will
also be attended by her four maids of
honor— Miss Mildred Martin. Miss Ger
trude McSmith. Miss Libby Marks and
Miss Viola Evans.
The following committees have the af
fair In charge:
Queen's committee— Mrs. T. B. Reardan.
Mrs. John Myers. Mrs. J. W. Ashley. Mlsa
W. P. Hammon. Charles F. Beldlng and
Dr. J. W. Ashley.
Children's committee— Ml3s Jessie Mar
tin. Miss Caroline Sexton. Miss Lizzie de
Lancie. Roy Fryer and Henry S. Verney.
Carriage committee— Mrs. T. C. Lee.
Mrs. Frank Atkins and Charles Beldlng.
Bear float committee— Mrs. O. "W. Jas
per. Mrs. A. M. Smith. Mrs. T. C. Lee.
Mrs. J. W. Ashley. Mrs. G. W. Braden.
Miss Gertrude Mclnnls. Miss Leona Grace
and J. W. Grace.
Special committee No. I— Mrs. R. L.
Powers, Mrs. G. W. Braden and Mrs. E.
C. Whiting.
The ladles of these committees, with
Mrs. A. F. Jones as chairman, make up
the ladles* committee of arrangements.
Hon. A. li. Hart.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. April 24.— Ex-Attorney Gen
eral A. L. Hart has been an inmate of
Livermore Sanitarium for several 'weeks.
He ivas coaxed to the institution by his
father-in-law, Colonel Beckman of Sacra
mento. He was taken there from San
Francisco. This is confirmed by James
Rhodes, son of Judge Rhodes, a relative
by marriage, who said:
"Mr. Hart was here about four. weeks
ago and was falling. Overwork and ex
cessive cigar smoking Is the cause and
he is a : total wreck. - He smoked from
twenty-five to v thirty cigars . a day. ' A
number of prominent physicians are
working with him, but there is little hope
of his tfettln* well. When he first en-
EX-ATTORNEY
GENERAL A. L.
HART INSANE
Has Been an Inmate of
Livermore Sanitarium
Several Weeks.
YOUNG INFLICTS HEAVY
LOSSES ON THE REBELS
During the Operations From the 15th
to the 17th the Enemy Loses
333 Killed.
WASHINGTON. April 24.— General Otis
has cabled the following account of recent
engagements in the Philippines:
MANILA, April 24.— Early on the morning
of the 7th, several hundred Tagalos and Vlsay
ans attacked a battalion of the Fortieth In
fantry at Cagrayan, on the north coast of Min
danao. Our casualties were two killed, eleven
wounded. The enemy's loss was fifty-three
killed, eighteen wounded and captured In the
city, besides other losses suffered on retreat.
Younp reports from Northwestern Luzon that
several hundred natives. Influenced by Agut
naldo's Bishop. Aglipak. attacked his troops
at several points, and in turn had been at
tacked. Their loss in the attack on Patoe, on
the 15th irißt.. v.as 106 killed, and during the
entire fighting from the lath to the 17th. 333
killed; our loss during the period was two
killed and four wounded. Young has plenty of
troops and will have little further opportunity.
Affairs at Luzon points are improving. The
local president and Inhabitants of the towns
are giving information and rendering assist
ance. The troops are now taking possession
of smaller Inner islands.
GOLD MINE FOUND
IN MARIN COUNTY
Rich Specimens of Quartz Picked Up
by Two Young Men in an Aban
doned Txirinel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 24.— Ed Watson
and Bert de la Montanya, young men of
this place, claim to have discovered an
exceedingly rich quartz mine in the
range of hills north of San Rafael.
Although both refuse to give the exact
location of the mine, they state that they
suppose their discovery to be a disused
tunnel which was for some reason aban
doned by Its owner, several rusty tools
strewn about the mouth of the mine
seeming to point to the 'fact that It had
been worked for some time. The discov
erers of the mine state that large quan
tities of rubble had been piled over the
mouth of the .shaft, as though to -conceal
it from observation. The specimens of
quartz which Watson and De la Montanya
claim to have picked up at random In the
abandoned tunnel are exceedingly rich for
this region, and the mine if developed
may yield a small fortune for Its lucky
discoverers.
TRIAL OF VICTOR
BOUTON COMMENCED
WINNEMUCCA, New, April 24.—Dis
trict Attorney Van Duzer to-day dis
missed the charges of cattle stealing
against Joseph O'Neal and the charge of
horse stealing against Frank Stone.
The trial of Victor Bouton, charged with
cattle stealing, was commenced. The' out
come of this case is likely to Involve some
of the leading cattlemen of, Humboldt
County. The Cattle Association has em
ployed W. D. Jones, Attorney General for
th° State of Nevada, and J. T. Boyd, Dis
trict Attorney of Lassen County, Califor
nia, to assist in the prosecution of Victor
Bouton. Victor Bouton Is a brother of
Madeline Bouton. the well-known actress.
BRABANT AND HART
ENGAGE THE BOERS
ALIWAIi NORTH. April 24.— 1t Is re
ported that firing haa been heard between
Zastron and Wepener and It is believed
CHARLES J. KING
ACCUSED OF CRIME
Police Seeking to Solve a Local
Commercial Mystery of Fraud
and Duplicity.
Continued From First Pagfc
CISc Vinegar and Pickle Works. Smith
would then, acting practically as the
barker of Cote, discount the notes with
the indorsement of his company at the
Wells. Fargo & Co. Bank and at the Bank
of British Columbia. What became of the
money thus obtained Is yet to be deter
mined. Patrick had a large account at
the Crocker-Woolworth Bank, and that
also, with the exception of $350. went into
the maw of the packing company and its
patron, the pickle company. While It Is
not known definitely Just what sum Pat
rick is pledged for, a partial investigation
shows that the sum is at least $57,500. This
aggregate is made from several sources.
Tne Bank of British Columbia holds $18,
000 in these indorsed notes: there are $20,
000 in the safe of the Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle Works: Sidney M. Smith has. It is
»?aid, $17,000 in his possession; Abraham
son. Heinisch & Co. have $7500, and the
dinner on Sunday, declaring that he was
going into the country.
Two Insolvents.
A petition in Involuntary Insolvency was
filed yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court by creditors of A. B. Patrick
of this city. The following amounts are
said to be due: R. C. Van Fleet, $6 65:
Mary K. Wood. $21; A. B. Patrick & Co.,
$1221 18. The petition stated the the cred
itors do not number more than twelve.
It is believed that the petition grows out
of the insolvency of the California Pack
ing Company. William T. Wilson of Sac
ramento filed a petition In Insolvency, In
which he stated his liabilities at $2770. He
has no assets.
San Francisco National Bank has $5000.
This represents a gigantic robbery, the
sons of Patrick claim, and they want Sid
ney M. Smith to explain why it was that
at the monthly meetings of his directors
he would declare that the California
Packing Company owed the Pacific Vine
gar and Pickle Works no more than $30,-
OuO. when he knew that there was $20,000 In
Patrick's indorsed notes In the safe and
$17,000 more in his possession. The only
explanation, they Insist, is an admission
of palpable fraud. So determined are they
to press the matter that it will be taken
before the Grand Jury, where the books
of both corporations will be experted and
examined. Whatever the outcome may
be, the fact remains that the elder Pat
rick has lost many thousands of dollars
and the corporation for which he gave his
money has been forced apparently with
out any good business reason to the wall.
It is claimed that the large sums of money
advanced by Patrick to Cote and nego
tiated in notes through Smith played ab
solutely no part in the financial affairs of
either the California Packing Company or
the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works.
While Patrick has been striving through
his sons to discover what has become of
his money another creditor of the Califor
nia Packing Company has been hot on the
trail of the president, Elie J. Cote, and
Charles J. King, the secretary. His cred
itor is the San Francisco National Bank,
which loaned the defunct corporation $5000
on what the bank claims were the gross
est of false representations. As soon as
the collapse came the bank authorities
communicated with the police, and detec
tives have been at work on the case ever
since. They have been handicapped by
their innbility to locate either Cote or
King, who have taken no pains to make
themselves visible to visitors.
The bank people say that when Cote
asked for the loan of $5000 he submitted
what he represented to be a true state
ment of his affairs prepared by James
Bayes, who was not Ms regular book
keeper and who Is not now in the city.
This statement showed that the financial
condition of the California Packing Com
pany was first class and that it owed the
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works noth
ing. Charles J. King certified to this
statement, a.nd upon this representation
the bank loaned the money. The officials
now demand the punishment of these men
for their alleged misrepresentation. This
phase of the scandal will also be submit
ted to the Grand Jury.
While disaster was following disaster in
the affairs of the California Packing Com
pany and evidences of fraud were multi
plying the directors of the Pacific Vinegar
and Pickle Works began an^investlgation
of their own affairs. The result was the
startling accusation made yesterday
against the secretary, Charles J. King, and
the Issuance of the warrant charging him
with felony embezzlement. King, as al
ready indicated. Is a man of prominence,
lie has Interested himself In fraternal and
religious affairs, teaching In the Sunday
pchool .and passim? the collection plate at
Sshbath services. - ¦
He has been secretary of both compa
nies for a long time, ' but his accusers
claim to have very damaging evidence
against him. They say that his alleged
embezzlement, concealed for a long time
by a falsification of the books of the Pa
cific Vinegar and Pickle Works, will a?-.
gregate between $10,000 and $12,000. The
particular charge made yesterday, how
ever Is based upon the firm's account
with' H. Lev! & Co.. the wholesale gro
cers. These grocers owe the Pacific
Vinegar and Pickle Works $559, while the
books of the Pickle Works show that the
indebtedness Is J2900, an evident falsifica
tion of the records. H. Levi & Co. have
produced for the Investigators a receipt
for $150 signed by Secretary King. There
is in the books no entry whatever of the
receipt of the money. Upon this showing
Fred Shumacher. bookkeeper for the Pa
cific Vinegar and Pickle Works, appeared
in the Police Court yesterday afternoon
charging King with felony embezzlement.
The whole malodorous administration of
the two corporations has thus reached a
climax In the incident of- the accusations
against their Joint secretary. With
charges of fraud, conspiracy and embez
zlement clinging to the affair, the further
Investigation will be referred to the Grand
Jury.
At a late hour last night the police
searched the house of Charles J. King at
1839 Green street, but the accused mer
chant .was not there. His baggage was
packed and ready in the hall, and his wife
and stepson said that ht had left after
IMPOSING PAGEANT
OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
Citizens of Los Angeles Greet
Plumed Visitors With Salvos
of Applause.
LOS ANGELES. April 24.-The forty
second annual conclave of the Knights
Templar of California opened this morn
ing In the asylum of Los Angeles Com
mandry No. 9- Business of Interest To
members of the order was transacted.
During the forenoon the weather was
cloudy and threatening, but in the after
noon the sun shone brightly and It was
an ideal day for a parade, ffrons before
the procession started the P rlnci P»»
streets, which were lavishly decorated
with bunting, were thronged with People
who patiently awaited the parade, which
was somewhat late in starting, ow ng to
he fact that the special train bringing
Golden Gate Commandery did not reach
the Arcade depot until 12:30 o clock. It
had been expected about 8 a. m. Sacra
mento Commandery arrived at 4:30 and
1 arrival Gate Commandefy
completed the influx of knights and the
annual conclave of the State of California
S The four special trains which have come
from the north since yesterday morning
brought to Los Angeles a total of about
600 people. The Southern California com
manderies, exclusive of Pasadena and
this city, have furnished 100 more, the
local ancl Pasadena contingents swelling
the grand total to about 1200 which was
about the number of knights In the par
ade this afternoon.
Commander James A. Forshay and a
detachment of Sir Knights met each com
mandery to-day as it reached the city,
all the visitors being welcomed with music
and later escorted to their several hotels. |
The parade started shortly after 3
o'clock and was an Imposing pageant, j
The picturesque uniforms of the Sir
Knights, the beautiful feathers in the
chapeaus and the clock-like precision of
the movements made the parade one long
to be remembered. The evolutions were
both intricate and simple. The beautiful
black horses of California Commandery
No. 1 were a source of much admiration
and well merited the applause accorded
this commandery all alone the route of
the parade.
The staff of the right eminent grand
commander consisted of the grand officers
and past officers, actlner as escort to Most
Eminent Reuber Hedley Lloyd, grand
master of the Grand Encampment of tha
United States.
At the Velodrome to-night exhibition
drills were given by the Knights' and
Ladles' Drill Corps. A feature of the
evening's entertainment was a drill by
thirty-three prominent society girls of
Sacramento.
The programme as arranged for to-mor
row is to hold morning and afternoon ses
sions of the grand commandery. At the
afternoon session the election of officers
will occur, and from the present outlook
the several officers will simply be ad
vanced a step.
that Generals Brabant and Hart are In
contact with the enemy.
The Boers are so numerous that It took
them two days to cross the Caledon River
at Bastards Drift.
C. A. PITCHER ENDS
HIS LIFE IN SEATTLE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. April 24.— C. A. Pitcher, a
mining man supposed to be from San
Francisco, took his life to-day, through
the medium of cyanide of potassium.
Pitcher had a sweetheart, who Is sup
posed to be Anne King of San Francisco.
Whether It was trouble In love affairs or
despondency over financial matters that
caused him to take his own life has not
been settled.
Most of the letters found by the Coroner
were written by "Your Loving Sweetheart
Anne." They contained little that threw
light on the case, with the exception that
one contained the following:
"I am sorry you were disappointed
about Dan Burns, but do not do anything
you would be sorry for."
It Is presumed that Pitcher came to
Seattle with the Intention of going to
Nome. He registered at the Perrln Hotel
last Friday. He drank considerable and
on one or two occasions complained about
being In financial difficulties. The fact
that he had only SO cents left when he
died is looked upon as indication of-de
spondency over money matters.
stands the wooden cross on the scene of
the Dormer party tragedy, between
Truckee and Dormer Lake, has been de
cided upon as the most suitable memorial
of the 111-fated expedition.
It was reported that $8000 would prob
ably cover the cost, which could be raised
by subscriptions from the various par
lors and from Individuals, and It was
recommended that the Native Daughters
be asked to assist. The report was made
a. special order of business for 11 o'clock
to-morrow.
and Grand Treasurer M. T. Doollng sub
mitted resolutions on the death of Grand
Trustee Frank SaWchl. The resolutions
were adopted by a rising vote. A copy
was ordered sent to Ramona Parlor No.
10:) and to the family of the deceased,
and they were Bpread on the minutes.
The resolutions reviewed his career as a
man and a Native Son. and paid a touch
ing tribute to his memory.
The committee on the Dormer memorial
reported that a shaft of polished -granite,
suitably Inscribed, erected where now
FAMILIAR FIGURES AND FACES IN OROVILLE AS CAUGHT BY CARTOONIST WARREN AND
THE PHOTOGRAPHER.
Fresno Parlor No. 25. Baker Parlor No.
42 and Gllroy Parlor No. 81 had failed to
rrport for both terms of last year, and
they were therefore ordered dissolved.
W. P. Humphreys, for the committee on
chair of history, reported that his com
mittee had Interviewed prominent citizens
of the State, as well as the officials of tne
State University, and all seemed favor
able to the scheme, but the committee
could sugpest no better way of securing
the desired end except by the adoption of
a resolution setting forth the plan and
providing for a committee of five to lay
the matter before the Regents of the Lm
verslty and co-operate with them in every
way. The same committee as has had the
matter in charge was appointed to pre
sent it to the Regents. The committee Is
composed of Ben Wead. Leonard Stone.
George E. de Golla. P. E. Zabala and W.
P. Humphreys. <¦
On motion of Devoto. a resolution was
adopted providing that, so far as possible,
all supplies and regalia used In the Grand
Parlor or subordinate parlors be of Cali
fornia manufacture. It was also decided
to apply the same rule to the coming cel
ebration.
Thanks to Ladies.
A resolution extending due thanks and
appreciation of the Grand Parlor to the
ladles of the California Club for their
work In protecting the big trees of the
S A^mmunlcation from the ladles of the
California Club, calling the attention of
the Grand Parlor to their efforts to pre
serVe Telegraph Hill in San Fran^coand
asking the assistance of the Grand Parlor
was read and placed nn Hie. ? __-„
This afternoon the Masons of the town
entertained the visiting Masons who be
fonl to the Native Sons. An enjoyable
90^?^^ «nong
the people of Oroville now is the big pa
rade P to be held Thursday, and the feature
of this will be the representation of the
Seal of California on a big float near the
he The O Be^ e wlu e be set in a big ring. The
desl«i of the seal will be painted on the
background, but the bear will be a real
bear arid the figure of California will be
one ofthe belles of Oroville; ; and the seal
wm be reversible, for on the other slde
w 1 bl another live bear and another
hMic Treyoung ladies who will repre
sent California are Miss Lottie Goldstein
and MIM Georgia Peters. Both are young
! and very pretty girls, and the seal will
! be something to remember.
LADIES PLAN A CARNIVAL.
Special Dispatch to The Call
OROVILLE. April 24.— 0n Friday the
Grand Parlor at Oroville Spends
a Day in Considering Matters
of Grave Importance to the
Members of the Order.
NATIVES TRANSACT BUSINESS AND FIND TIME FOR FUN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
Cameras and photographic supplies, also
printing, developing and mounting, at
Sanborn & Vali's, 711 Market street. •
Outside, the Meeting Hall Goo
Goos, Coyotes and Curly Bears
Pass the Hours in Merry
Revel.
¦¦ ¦ r^\ 1 1 1 1 r\ \/i \ i fs 1 1 r"^ r™" (^
r»-tr »-t J) t I Iji y A IVJ 111 I c I"*
/Uffl>»j^^»fj~ II \j \lJr\ I \ \J it £_, ,
/j^Bltfr^W^i^'^-v Your heart will show siens of distress
stS'ilZrt'l^' % l° n^ before organic destruction has be-
/^^¦i^"3^'} A-\A -\ y o&ai S un . • i:; 'l this is the time to seek relief.
y/^/y.rijr^-^J^X ,\, t^jj One of the first warnings is Hutte^ins
(&4/^^^^W/^\\^S\\ fflt or P a 'P' tat ' on> Fig. i. Other indications
vrtubpl *<r tv* sKt\ 'M ' wrm are ushin S °^ lace u P° n slight exertion.
W/^H^ !]//'*s/ Fig - 2; o PP r essed feeling in chest and
({Cfc^* '\ \ ' I; I1 iv.'l- "i( choking sensation, Fir. 3: disordered
wjffl -~W .^^i\t-'^/'->?i.t{ stomach. Fig. 4; weakness of limbs.
Ijj^^l2^^^j^\ ijl -^'S- • S " 5: col ' lnes s of extremities. Fi;r.
\ 6. Other symptoms arc ciddiness. diz-
Vv' r?2BB§ißL3§^^^M%ifc!l zy s P e l' St . headache;, swelling of ankles
\j sf/fi^i'*ii^ir i &VI an< 3 pain in left side.
//£^j. /if f^3iii&£*i£*/r These are all warning symptoms. The
/l-^^ -«§. S^tlSl remedy is HUDYAN. HUDYAN re-
Is^^^M^^^X^i moves every symptom; it is a positive
//sisv*'^^?^^pi^S^K Ofstroycd. TaS HUDYAN
/^^fe4f^t^K^-^^4P^^^ as soon as you °' )Scrve the
pM:^o^M^i^^\ HUDYANU within your
/^^S^W^^tS^^^il druggist's— 50c a package, or six
/M|&|^M^^.^^^M\ Pa if he does not keeo it. send direct
/^fp-r^-^l^^^S^ to HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
cor. Stockton. Ellis and Market
\f^o£&^g£o£os\ streets. San Francisco. Cal.
[W^^^^t^'ii '¦¦¦¦•- •'¦> V-f^\ ' DUL 1 UUP I ?ult dby fet -r or
Vui^S^^^^^^^^*^^'^l;^/%rp\ your dymptrms
l^K^^S^^loi^«VV SEND FOR CIRCULARS
AND TESTIMONIALS OF THE
GREAT HUDYAN— FREE.
tm. — -*- /•* d*h «v *%. 4k *¦* 4fe 4fe *•«. a a*
Cooper's
California
Olive
Oil.
We have Just received the first
of the "NEW CROP" of this cele-
brated Santa Barbara County oil.
Our price same as always—
$1.00 per quart bottle
Free delivery to all railroad
points within 100 miles on orders
of $5 or over when money accom-
panies the order.
Baker's Extract Witch Hazel, pints 25c
Baker's Extract Witch Hazel, qts.. 50c
Baker's Extract Witch Hazel. Xgal 75c
Baker's Extract Witch Hazel, gal $1.25
Johann Holfs Malt Extract 25c
Renner's German Malt Extract. . .20c
i Swamp- Root ..40c
Valdler's Violet Am-
monia ...25c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Write for our ISOO
Catalogue.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Cut-Rat* Druggists.
USa MAFtKET ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
3Time— V4. :13; %.¦ :37'. *4. 1:02: %. 1:28. Good start. Won easily, , second and third driving.
Winner. Earnshaw Bros." eh. h.. ,by Florentine-Imp. Close the' Door. Start hurt- Morrls
sey's chances. With more luck Alarla could have won. • Los Medanos not ripe. Lodestar
cut off. ¦ ¦ . •• ' " - ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ '¦ •::."..-.¦-¦ .•:-«¦:
Tune-^, :is ; %, :38: %, 1:03; %. 1:29; mile. 1:4214: l%m, 1:5% Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, Dallas Stable's b. (?., by imp. Brutus-Nabette. Twinkler showed vast Im
provement. Shaw outrode Ranch on Gauntlet. Snips can do better. '
Clara Foltz Will Lecture.
"The New Thought" will be the subject
of a lecture ty Clara Foltz to be delivered
at the Turk-street Temple this evening.
LAUGHS ARE WON
BY DIGBY BELL
Digby Bell is making Orpheum audi
ences laugh this week. He has entered
a new field although he Is no farmer, as
the way he wins the house proves. In
stead of operatics in outlandish costumes
he gives us monologue in a dinner coat
and the novelty Is a success.
He is different from what he was and
different from what I expected. I am
not going to compare the" new Digby Bell
with the old because it is quite clear that
he is not traveling on his reputation. If
he did not have his reputation to live up
to he would not have to be as good as
he Is to make a hit. He would not have
to be better than other/ monologists in
order to be acceptable. As it is this gray
haired novice in vaudeville impresses peo
ple with his cleverness of the immediate
moment and taps the laughter of his
hearers -with at least every other line ha
emits.
Bell had always the distinction of being
a comic opera comedian with a voice and
he still carries it with hint He has a
number of jokes that were not old enough
to know before he reached San Francisco
and a few new versions of antique wit,
a good story or two and a couple of songs
that have merit. Before he leaves us I
expect him to revive some of the things
he did prior to his escape from comic
opera.
Rae and Brosche are new this week—
truly new. Miss Brosche does something
in tne line of a garrolous female that I
am sure no other woman could do quite
as well.
Mildred Holler sings.
Mile. Prato does "spectacular dances"
according to programme and pleases the
eye. The rest of the bill is made up of
the hold-overs who are variously good.
Mile. Marzella's performing birds are
among the veritable wonders of the
variety business.
PORTER GARNETT.
quarter, or strengthening his arms in the
fascinating game of fan-tan. Ah Sam's
trainers are feeding him on large quanti
ties of chop suey, his favorite dish, and
he is raptdly gaining in weight and
strength. Both have laid aside the seduc
tive pipe for fear that the fumes of the
poppy might impair their wind and dull
their senses. Other precautions are being
taken by both "chinks," and a lively flght
will result.
Manager Bishop has completed all ar
rangements for the coming exhibition.
The records of Wing and Sam 'have been
published at length in the sporting col
umns of the Chinese papers; the dead
walls of that section of the city have been
covered with vari-colored papers extolling
the merits of both fighters, and notices
have been' sent to all the highbinder so
cieties of the coming event. The pohce
authorities favor the exhibition. .They be-
CHINATOWN is to be Initiated into
the mysteries of the art. of self-de
fense as practiced by the "white
devils." Ihe popular game of fisti
cuffs will be introduced to the denizens of
the Celestial quarter by one of their num
ber, the redoubtable Ah Wing, one of
Auburn's most distinguished citizens. On
Saturday evening next Biddy Bishop's Ce
lestial wonder will make his initial ap
pearance in the Palace Theater, on Wash
ington street, when he will box an exhibi
tion bout with Ah Sam. alias "Chop
Buey," the champion rice-eater of China
town.
That the contest will be interesting is
assured. Ah Wing has already gone into
training. Every night he can be seen run
ning through the dark alleys of China
town, inhaling the sweet odors of that
Chinese Athletes Who Will Don the Gloves for the Edification of Their Countrymen.
Good trunks, valises, dress suit cases
and traveling rolls. Immense assortment
at lowest prices. Sanborn, Veil & Co., 741
Market street. •
lA/. T. HESS,
ROTABT PO3LIO AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 9SL
Residence. 821 California st.. below PowcU.
Ean Francisco.
English Golf -Player Wins.
NEW YORK, April 24.— Harry Vardon,
the English professional golf champion,
to-day defeated the best ball of Walter
J. Travis and James Douglass, a profes
sional player, over the links of the Oak
land Golf Club near Bayslde, L. 1., by six
up In a match of 36 holes.
fp* CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
fpftYßOyAl PILLS
STATE BOARD OF TRADE
WANTS LAND SURVEYS
Representatives at Washington Are
. Petitioned to Secure Legislation
of Benefit to California.
The California State Board of Trade haa
drafted an address to the California repre
sentatives In the Senate and the House
urging a completion of the surveys within
the next few years.
It is claimed that immediate relief is
necessary for the benefit of the miner as
well as the settler. The enactment of
such laws as will properly decentralize the
present directive function at Washington
Is asked. According- to the address Cali
fornia has been . discriminated against.
The last report of the Land Commissioner
is quoted, and the showing is made that
of the surveys of public lands accepted in
the, year. 1599 California's ratio was a trifle
more than S5-1000 of the whole area. . The
address is signed by E. W. Maslln for the
committee.
Time— H. :12'/4: «4. :S6; %, l:01U. Bad start. Won easily, second and third driving:. Win
ner, E. Lanlfran's b. m., by Bal go wan- Parolee. Genua away flying. Nothing else had a
chance. Scratched— Deerfoot 101. I
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. I^JVIOOR-i-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderTul aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sex**
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid.
nsy* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits/^
NABER. ALF3 & BRUXE. Agents*
«S3 Market st.. S. P.— (Send tor Circular.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HARES SUFFICIENT TO
RUN A MIDWEEK STAKE
Management of Ingleside Coursing
Park Arranges a Fifty-Six Dog
Stake for To-Morrow.
Hares are again sufficiently plentiful to
permit of extra stakes. The management
of Ingleside Coursing Park has therefore
eeen Its way clear to announce a mid
week stake to be run on the field to
morrow. The entry was limited to fifty-
Klx dogs. Coursing will commence at 10:30
a. m., which will allow an intermission
for luncheon. The draw last night re
sulted as follows:
D. Shannon's Strand of Gold vs. J. M. Stil
well's Firm: J. Caveney's Juliette vs. Kartels
Bros.' Betsey Barrow; R. E. de B. Lopez's
r>alry Maid vs. Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer; C.
Clifford's Christmas Day vs. Farley Bros.'
Morse's Patrol: R. AttHdge's Masterpiece v«.
J. Dillon's Colleen Rhue: Farley Bros.' Cash
Day vs. Curtis & Son's Terronite; J. Perry's
Aurer vs. J. Sweeney's Free and Easy; H.
Lynch's Gamecock vs. Hussell. Allen & Wll-
•on's Charming Belle; H. Lynch's Emma M
vs. Sterl & Knowles 1 Olet*: J. H. W. Muller'B
Moeorlta v*. T. Bullivan"» Castle Island Boy;
D. Dillon's Modesty v«. J. McEnroe's Nor" west;
Lande & Gerb*r'« Concord vs. Hands Bros.'
Baron Blood; H. Lynch's Loiterer vs. C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud: fiterl & Knowles'
Runty <J"ld vs. H. G. Nlcholl'B Lyum-sw-; J.
Duffy's Flashing La*s va. D. Ford's Bonita;
». rmion's Prince George vs. P. J. Xolte'a
Fire Queer.; J. McEnroe's Lady Trilby vs. L.
Herbst's Revolver; A. F. Moore's Decency ye.
C. Boaner's Wild Nora: A. Johnson's Low-
Under vs. T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer; D.
Union's Europs. vs. A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty; T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott vs.
H. L<s-nch'« Clalbourne: It. Shannon's Safe
f-uard vs. J. H. W. Muiler's Cruiser; Lande &
Gerber's Mount Ida vs. McCarthy & Muller's
Brentwood Belle; M. Mlohalek's Terrona vs.
D. Cronin'a Swlnnerton; J. Dean's 6weet Lips
vs. Bartels Bros.' Winning Style; O. O'Ma.l
leifa Wolfe Tone vs. M. J. Kelly's Ever Sure;
D. E. Wiley's May Girl vs. J. M. 6tJlweH's
Ksmeralda: H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot - vs.
J. eulllv&o's Maid of the HIU.
Heirs Escape Assessment.
By an opinion of City and County At
torrey Lane, Assessor Dodge has discov
ered that he has not the right to assess
property which escaped taxation during
the life of the owner and is now held by
the heirs. Dodge says that this decision
will deprive the city of the taxes on sev
eral millions of property.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
INFLICTED HEAVY FINES
Policemen. Feld and Green Severely
Punished for Dereliction of
Duty.
Officers Charles Green and Joseph Peld
were last night fined $75 and $100 respect
ively for visiting a saloon while on duty.
Both policemen tried to mitigate their
offense by relating the circumstances that
drew them to the drinking resorts.
Green said that he was called into the
saloon by its proprietor to inspect the
back rooms and he was doing so when
observed by Sergeant Duke.
Policeman Feld was defended by At
torney Arthur. Bahrendt. The accused
officer pleaded guilty and asked for
mercy. In fining him his month's salary
Commissioner Newhall severely lectured
him. He told the. officer that the next
time he came before the board he might
as well hand in his star as he would be
dismissed from the force.
The board devoted the balance of the
evening to examining candidates for
liquor licenses.
1143. THIRD RACE— Four furlonss: maiden two-year-olds; purse, $250.
Time— M, :25; %, :50; »4, 1:15%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner* C. W. Chap
pell's br. g.. by Reporter-May M. Lou Rey closed Etronsr. Polka died away. Mussle and
TITLE TO LAFAYETTE
SQUARE IS IN ISSUE
Litigation Over This Much-Coveted
Property Has Received a New '
Impetus.
Litigation over Lafayette Square, cor
ner of Laguna and Sacramento streets,
has been given a new impetus by the fil
ing of a suit against the city and county
by Marlon R. Clement and Samuel W.
Holladay to quiet title to the land In ques
tion. The property is of the alleged value
of $50,000.
Plaintiffs allege "that on July 1, 1850,
their predecessors In Interest entered Into
and upon the property and disseized the
city and county until April 29, 1595, when
the city and county in violation of plain
tiffs' title, acquired by prescription*, en
tered upon the land and expelled the
plaintiffs without compensation to them
offered or tendered."
In addition to a decree quieting: title
plaintiff asks that the defendant be for
ever enjoined from molesting them In
their possession of the property.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In OT*r*tlon Dally. €25 SiTth Str~t.
BYRON JACKSON.
Beat His Old Father.
James McGuire, the young hoodlum who
brutally beat his father, Frank McGuire,
was convicted by Judge Cabaniss yester
day on the charge of battery and will be
sentenced to-day. The boy's mother tried
to save him by saying that she hit the
old man with a club and clothes' basket.
The Judge did not believe her story.
POLO TOURNAMENT.
Pony Races the Feature of the Day
at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA. April 24. —A crowd
of 2000 people attended the races this
afternoon under the auspices of the Polo
Club. Each race was hotly contested and
the best horse won In every case. The
first race for horses at a mile was won
by Redemption, Petrarch second and Sin
dar third. Time. 1:47 1-5. The second
race was a quarter of a mile dash for
ponies and brought out seven starters.
Slats, owned by \V. S. Hobart. won hand
ily from C. E. Maud's Gertrude, Barney
was third. Time. :25 4-5. The next race
called wap the bending race for ponies at
oatchwelgrhts. Hobart's Feather Stitch
won with ease in 23 seconds. Stillwell's
Flora was second. The fourth race was
also a novelty, beinp fifty yards around
a stake and back. It was won by Still
well's Flora, with Wilson's Merry Leja
second and Two Bits, ridden by Hobart,
Only two starters came up for the fifth
race, a quarter of a mile dash for horses.
\ M Ruiz's speedy Castellar won In a
gallop, with Albert two lengths behind.
Time :24. The last and best race of the
day was a haif-mile dash for ponies. Ho
bart on Slats led into the stretch where
he was passeU by Stillwell on Viola, who
won out by a neck from Redemption, who
in turn beat Slats half a lenpth. Time,
-.5*4-5. The races to-morrow wind up lie
polo tournament.
ST. LOUIS PASSES BROOKLYN.
Slight Changes in the Percentages of
Eastern Teams.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet.) Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 4 1 .WN>w York 2 2 .500
St Loulß 3 1 .750 Cincinnati -.2 3 .400
PittFr.urff ... 3 I .€¦» I Chicago 1 % .250
Brooklyn t 2 .500 Boston 1 4 .200
NEW YORK. April ML— Timely batting In the
seventh inninp enabled the New York team to |
win a close game from the Boßtona at the Polo
grounds to-day. The Honton* tied the score In
this Innins. but In their half hits by Gleason.
Carrick and Van Haltren brought In the win
ning run. Both Carrick and N'lchols pitched
in pplendid form. Attendance. 4100. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
New York 4 8 2
Boston •" 3 10 1
Batteries — CarrUk and Grady: Xlehols and
Clark. Umpire — Connolly.
ST. LOOP. April 24.— Chicago forced St.
Louia to take to-day's game. Bad work by
MeCormack and Taylor in the first Innlnar pave
Tebeau's men a commandinK lead. The visitors
oould not locate Young's curves. Attendance,
2700. Score: , ; ; "'/-._ .
Clubs— R. H. E.
Et. Louis ? 8 1
Chicago 16 6
Batteries— Young and O'Connor; Taflor and
Chance. Umpire — Hurst.
PHILADELPHIA. April 24. — Donahue's mas
terly pitching was the cause of a shut-out for
Brooklyn at the hands of the Phillies to-day.
Both teams played a superb fielding game. 'At
tendance. 0322. Score: •*
Clubs— 11. 11. E.
Brooklyn 0 3 2
Philadelphia 3 9 1
Batteries — Kennedy and RlcGulre; Donahue
and McFarland. Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI, April 24.— The Clnclnnatls hit
Tannehill hard to-day, but could not get hits
when they were most needed. Breltensteln was
hit for lone hits quite often. Geler had an
other off day at third. The fielding of the
Pittsburg infield was a feature. Score:
Clube— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 10 ,4
Pittsburg 5 7 1
Batteries— Breitensteln and Peitz; Tannehill
and Zinamer.
Association Games.
KANSAS CITY. April 24.— Milwaukee 8, Kan
sas City 2.
CHICAGO, April 24.-Chlcago 6. Minneapo
lis 2
DETROIT. April 24.— Detroit 4. Cleveland 2.
• INDIANAPOLIS, April 24.— Indianapolis 4,
Buffalo 3.
LORING CLUB HEARD
IN FINE PROGRAMME
Musical Organization's Third Concert
of the Twenty-Third Season At
tracts a Large Audience.
The Lorlng Club gave the third concert
of Its twenty-third" season at Odd Fellows'
Hall last night. A large audience enjoyed
a vocal programme of rare excellence.
Several of the best compositions of noted
composers wen? rendered in fine style by
the well trained singers of the organiza
tion.
Liszt's "Student Song.-" Schumann's
"Dreamy Lake," Yon Weber's "Silent
Night," Bruch's "Roman Song of Tri
umph." Truhn'3 "The Three Chafers."
Sullivan's "The Long Day Closes." Abt's
"A May Night" and Hatton's "King Wit
lafs Drinking Horn" were all well ren
dered by the full chorus.
The rest of the programme was as fol
lows: Tenor solo, Liszt's "Thou'rt Like
a Flower" and Leoncavallo's "Serenade
Harlequin." Clarence Wendell: tenor solo,
Reichardt's "Image of the Rose," J. F.
Veaco: barytone solo. Abt's "The Lotus
Flower." H." E. Medley. The club was as
sisted by Miss Ruth W. Lorlng, pianist.
lieve it will have a tendency to teach the
warring tongs that the better way to set
tle their disputes is with padded fists, and
not with cleavers and revolvers. Whether
or not the meeting of the two Celestials
will have a beneficial effect on the high
binders remains yet to be seen.
In the event that Wing achieves a vic
tory over Ah Sam he will throw down the
gauntlet to any fist fighter In Chinatown.
As there are a number of fighting men in
that section of the city it is likely the
challenge will be taken up.
The Chinese sports will bet heavily on
the result of the fight between Wing and
Sam. The latter will enter the arena a
favorite, because of his past victories.
Sam has defeated "Malliky" Bannon, the
pride of Sixth street:. Duck Low, Hot
Stuff. Punch Low and ''Solar Plexus." He
weighs 150 pounds and fights with a Jef
fries crouch.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CELESTIALS TO BE TAUGHT
HOW TO USE THEIR "DUKES"
TWINKLER CUT
A WIDE SWATH
AT FANCY ODDS
Beat Gauntlet Out With 25
to 1 About Him in the
Ring.
Three Favorites Home in Front at
Oakland — Pat Morrissey Defeated
by Mistral H, an
Outsider.
» ¦
Trainer Johnny Campbell of Castaway II
fame put a warm one over the plate at
Oakland yesterday in Twinkler, which
captured the mile and a furlong selling
run at odds of 25 to 1. In his previous
Ftart at Tanforan Park the Brutus horse
had appearently not recovered from the ef
fects of his f-ftort in the Thornton stake,
for Gaffney seemed unable to make him
raise a gallop. Shaw had the leg up yes
terday and, never in a worse position than
third after the start, downed the favorite,
Gauntlet, a heal on the wire. If a "kill-
Ing:" was made ovi-r his win most of the
coin must have been bet in the Eastern
poolrooms.
While only three choices took purses.
very few of the books laid up any money,
the outsiders all being nibbled at.
The opening six-furlong sprint was pro
lific of many torrid tips. Petal and Lou
Rey. backed from 20 to 6, Elsin and Boni
bel all having a following. Brown Prince,
a 15 to 1 shot, upset things by taking the
lead in the stretch and beating out Lou
Rey a length. The saddle on Petal slipped,
which acounted for her poor showing.
On paper it looked as if Corolla held her
field safe in the seven-furlong run, and a
heavy p. ay cut the odds from y to 5 to 13 to
19. Third Into the ptretch, the filly then
assumed the front position, breasting the
tape over a length ahead of Coming Event
and Jack McCabe. 1
Little Ranch followed this up by land
ing the two-year-old dash with Ada N,
the 12 to 5 choice. In a false breakaway
haJf of the youngsters ran to the head of
the stretch, which incident seemed to cut
little figure in the ultimate result. El
Karn showed the way into the stretch,
when the favorite assumed the lead, win
ning cleverly from Illusion. Phil Archi
bald received extensive backing, but is
evidently cracked up too high, third being
the best he could do.
Mr. Ferguson presented Genua with the
five-furlong spin for all ages. A 9 to 1C
favorite, she went out of the chute and
was never caught. Beau Monde finished
in the place in front of Uterp, while De
Blaise, a well barked one, was left at the
post.
Pat Mcrrissey now seems to be the
"hoodoo" honse of the Burns & Water
house stable. Receding in the betting
from 7 to 10 to even money, Henry Shields
managed to get away from the post poor
ly and was downed with ease by Mistral
TT a in tn 1 niit«:iil«*r
Track Notes
"Horses In Training:. 1900, recently is
sued by H. A. Buck of the Spirit of the
Times, New York, is finding a ready sale.
It contains a complete list of horses in
training, both East and West, making the
book Invaluable to followers of the turf.
The Racing Calendar, issued April 19.
contains the first publication of the en
tire programme of the spring meeting of
the Westchcster Racing Association.
The Golden Gate handicap, at seven fur
long:», will be run at Oakland to-morrow,
with the following list of entries and
weights assigned by Handicapper Brooks:
Dr. Sheppard H5, Formtro 112. Headwater
H«. La Golita 103. Rosormonde 10S. The
FYetter 105. Theory 104, Rosinante 102,
Ollnthu* 100, Silver Tone 100. Opponent 93,
Scotch Plaid 99. Pat Morrissey 99. Jingle
Jingle 87. Rosalbra 97. Snips &5, Rio Chico
M. Grand Sachom 94. Constellator 94, Mort
gage 91. Good Hope 90. Cue S3, Ringmaster
S9 Mamie G SS. Casdale S6, IsaJine 84. Jim
Brownell SO. Kickumbob 80 and Bonibel fcO.
To-Day 's Entries.
Firet race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-old flllifs: purse.
454 Enjoyment 102> 1136 Kettle C1ark. ...102
fs€fc Gumiara 102 Abbyleix L IU2
(ICK'3)K!Ia Boland I'Z, 7«8 Free Pass 102
... Katie Wolcott.li'2! 1136 For Freedom. ..lo2
Anita B 102 1123 Lobosina 102
1058 Antoinetta 102UM&S)May Gertrude. .lo2
Pecond race — Four furlongs; two-year-old colts
end ireldinge; selling.
113" Thomwild 111! 1130 El Piloto 11l
lllfi Uriton 115 l>imb of Law. .ins
1130 Billy Ly0n5.... 11l I 1110 Fellow Me 11l
&44 Itlrnard S 1%: Ajramemnon ...111
1143 UlUouon Ull 1118 Phil Branson... 10S
Third rac*— Five furlongs; four- year-olds and
upward: felling.
L.on dOr 129 K'44 Reina de Cuba. lls
1074 My Dear 112. 1131 Mahopany 120
SS3 Almoner 111, 10€7 Fl&mbeauette .121
1109 rjeerfo^t 11^ 1109 Mies Soak 112
10T,6 Milo Melo 11^ 1141 F.lFir. 120
1123 Tourist II 112 1007 Mainstay 112
Fourth race — one mile an<J a Quarter; three
year-r.ld» and upward: purse.
1122 The FreUer.-..lolj<H«)My Gypsy .....SI
IUS Fiile dOr Tl 1 1133 Fan Venaio 103
1112 ItoHlnante 10" (114D)Twinkler 102
1118 Mortnel 100
Fifth rae* — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; purse. •
SS7 Tiburon Ill" 1054 Tuthill 103
11SJ L. McVniirter..lO3 1045 Skirmish 112
833 etmr.poTl 11l 1111 I Don't Kn0w. .114
1021 Mldlove 109 1134 Glen Ann U2
.... J. Doherty ....ldoj 1123 Cue 10J
1127 Proclamation ..10C' (103S)Candleli(fht 11..10J
Sixth race— One mile;; three-year-olde and up
ward: selling.
1140 Tirade 106 (1121)Torsina 105
101! Torsida 105; 1107 Rio Shannon ... 91
1135 Inverary II 107: 1117 Royal Prize ...107
B*l Rio Chleo 103 1126 Wyoming 107
HIS Expedient SS j 1113 Opponent 107
1129 Ca*dale IMi 1080 Socialist IC7
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Ella Boland, May Gertrude. Gun
flan.
Second race — Briton, Follow Me. Thornwild.
- Third rac«— Almoner, Milo Melo. Miss Soak
Fourth race — Hoslnante. The Fretter. Mj
Gypsy.
Fifth race— Tuthill, M!3love, Proclamation.
Sixth race— Torsi na. Wyoming, Torslda.
BOXERS SELECT
PHILIP WAND AS
THEIR REFEREE
Experience No Difficulty in
Coming to Agree
ment.
Neill Is Favorite Over Murphy' at
Odds of Ten to Eight in the
Betting Already
Done.
?
Neill and Murphy, the boxers who will
meet in a twenty-round bout at Mechan
ics' Pavilion on Friday evening, selected
Phil Wand last night for the important
position of referee. There was no hag
gling over the matter, each principal af
firming that he would be satisfied with
any representative man. Xelll was pres
ent in person, while Murphy* interests
were looked after by "Jack" Sheehan.
Murphy had only one request to jnake;
this was that no member of a recently
organized fraternal order, of which Xeill
Is a member, be chosen. Beyond this all
he desired was a man familiar with the
rules under which he and his opponent are
to box.
Mr. Sheehan was asked to name the men
whom Murphy would be willing to accept.
In response he suggested Phil Wand and
"Jack" Kitchen. Without hesitation Xeill
said: "Wand suits me; I will accept him."
This settled what proves at times a
vexed question, and indicated that neither
contestant wanted any shade the better of
it in selecting the third man jvho will be
in the ring on Friday night. Wand Is well
informed on tiie rules governing boxing,
and has earned a reputation for fairness
in the years he has been connected with
sport, both amateur and professional.
The selection of the referee completes
the most important of the preliminary
steps for the light. The boxers have
given unusual care to their preparation,
as each has much at stake. Neill Is in
line for the world's championship as a
middle-weight, while his opponent also
apr.ires to the highest honors, and is
averse to returning to his Australian home
a defeated man.
The bettors have already made Neill a
pronounced favorite, the opening odds be
ing 10 to 8 at Harry Corbett's in the
straight betting. The mutuel betting has
not settled down yet. the dollar bets al
ready made giving no line on which to
figure which man will be the choice there.
So many requests have been made for
the records of the two boxers that they
are again reproduced herewith:
Murphy's record — LlphtweiKht contests:
Defeated George Johnson, eeven rounds;
defeated Dick Wright, six rounds: defeated
Harry Howard, seven rounds. Middleweight
contents: Defeated by "Bill" Jenntngs,
Australian middleweight champion, seven
rounds, subsequently defeated Jennings in
six rounds and gained middleweight cham
pionship title; defeated ••Jack" Dunne,
nine rounds; defeated "Jack" Dunne, two
rounds. Contests with heavyweights: De
feated Tom Mclnemey. ten rounds; de
feated Fred Treston in ten rounds and again
in ei*?ht rounds; defeated Dick Kemick,
reven rounds; defeated Jim Rodpers. four
teen rounds; defeated Aubrey Clifford, two
rounds; defeated Jim Archer, heavyweight
champion of Australia. in seven rounds.
Neill' s record— Defeated Thomas Pender
ga*t four rounds; draw with John I^ahey.
four rounds; defeated •'Soldier" Green, four
round?; knocked out "Younpr Fitzslmmons," .
one round; knocked out Jo<» Reay: draw
with Frank McConnell, twenty rounds; de
feated Tom Tracey. twenty rounds; May
31 IS'.i9 decision over Georjre Green, twenty
rounds : draw with Jack O'Urien of Phila
d^ii'hia, twenty rounds: knocked out Frank
McConnell, elpht rounds.
JOCKEY O'LEARY
KILLED AT THE
AQUEDUCT TRACK
Sustains a Bad Fall and Is
Kicked in the Head by
One of the Horses.
G. E. Wlghtman Stumbles and
Falls, Bringing" Down Two
. Others in the
Mix-TJp.
NEW YORK, April 24.— A frightful ac
cident occurred at the Aqueduct track
to-day in which Jockey O'Leary was so
badly Injured that he died shortly there
after and two other boys were badly
shaken up. It occurred In the fifth race
and in a moderate field. The horses got
away In good order and when they had
gone about a sixteenth of a mile G. E.
Wlghtman, McJoynt up, stumbled and
fell, the Jockey rolling under the fence out
of harms way and escaping with slight
bruises and a shaking up. Pettifogger
bumped into Wightman as the latter was
falling and went Into the air, turning a
somersault and landing on his back. Hew
itt was thrown some distance, but he,
too, was out of the way of the other
horses and was even less hurt than Mc-
Joynt. O'Leary, however, was not so
fortunate, for Randy, which he was rid
ing, stumbled into the pair of horses on
the ground and threw O'Leary among
them. He was kicked in <he head by one
of them and his skull crushed in. An
ambulance was called and he was taken
to St. Mary's Hospital In Brooklyn, where
he died.
The three horses escaped with severe
injuries, and they ate not likely to race
for some time. Results:
Four and a half furlongs, sell In*— Himself
won, Mudder second. Vouch third. Time.
:B6 2-5.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Bannock
won. Rare Perfume second. The Gardner third.
Time, 1:45 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs — Sir Christopher
won. Elfin Conig- second. Unmasked third.
Time, 1:08.
Four and a half furlongs, Canarute stakes—
Kenilworth won. Fake second, Oatiander third.
Time, :55 2-S.
Six furlongs — Hesper won. Plcardi second,
Kamara third. Time. 1:14 »-5.
About seven furlongs— Royal Sterling won.
Trumpet second. First Whip third. Time,
1:25 2-5.
MEMPHIS,* April 24.— Miss Bennett,
George C. Bennett's filly by Russell-Imp.
Memoria, demonstrated to-day that she
is the best two-year-old developed as yet
this year. In the third race she romped
home in front of the best field of young
sters carded together at the meeting,
winning pulled up by four lengths in
BoU seconds, breaking the local track rec
ord by half a second.
Atlantus In the second race, at a mile
and a quarter, made a new track record
of 2:09.
The weather was warm and the track
fast. Results:
Blx furlongs, selling— Al Caskey won. Etta
Fonso second. Galloway third. Time, 1:16.
One mile and a quarter, selling— Atlantus
won, Ben Chance second, Schnell Laufer third.
Time, 2:09.
Four and a half furlongs, purse — Miss Ben
nett won. Sllverdale second. The Mecca third.
Time, :55H-
One mile, handicap— Great Bend won. The
Lady second, Ed Tipton third. Time, 1:42.
About two miles, steeplechase — Cheesemlte
won. JLlvonian second, Jim Hogg third. Time,
3:12^.
Six furlongs— Maggie Davis won. Clara
Wooley second. Winter third. Time, 1:18.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
BIG RAILROAD
MEN FROM THE
EAST IN TOWN
Come to Confer With Krutt
schnitt in Regard to
Rates.
Officials of the Union Pacific and Chi
cago and Northwestern Roads
Arrive In a Special Car on
a Btisiness Trip.
13. Dickinson of Omaha, general man
ager of the Union Pacific Railroad, ar
rived at the Oakland mole yesterday in
his private car, accompanied by H. R. Mc-
Cullough of Chicago, third vice president
of the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad,
and W. A. Gardiner, general manager of
the same road. The party is stopping at
the Palace and will probably be here for
several days.
Messrs. Dickinson and Gardiner are here
for their annual rate conference with
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific Company. They made a
friendly call upon him yesterday and
spent an hour or more in the railroad
building.
While they are her© the schedule for
through trains will also be arranged and
other matter of common Interest to trans
continental lines will be discussed.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS-Eitiblisbed marly 20ye»n.
Cure ihe following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Varicocele Nervous Debility
Hydrocele Less of Memory
Bladder Diseases Wasting Drains
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness
Spine Diseases Blood I'oisun
Despondency Rupture
¦:.: ;r;; r ; Advice and Consultation Free.
OUR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any San FVanclsco bank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay In monthly Installments. No other
doctors will make such an offer.
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
If you cannot visit San Francisco
write for free private book, advice,
question list and full particulars.
731 Market St., S. F.
HOURS— Daily. 8 to 5; Evenings, 7
to 8: Sundays, 9 to 11. Elevator En-
S'CINES FREE TO PATIENTS!
SENT FREETO. MEN !
A -Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute haa decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who -write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 328 Elektron
building. Fort "Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable* them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/nAPII * Drake Amalgamators. op«rat-
HKUbn In* dally. 1 10-Hp. rasolm* »n-
rlce cheap. 8 Stevenson. 8. T.
DREDGING PUMPS.
on. Oaaottn*. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumpa.
Enirlne«*Bollars. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fupply fresh or salt water for slulc* boxsa:
risrh or low lifts. Slmonds. 13 Markat st
OOL"> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator tn
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch 6 Co.. 131 Ist.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1901, by
H. H. Egbert
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday. April 24, 1900.— Weather fine. Track f a*t-_-_-^.
1141. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; Belling; purse. $300.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savins Machine. 133 I*ol-
•om street Oriental Gas Ensrlne Company.
CONCENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acdis" Concentrator works
black sand dally. 227 Mission st
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice saves golAj pempetl-
tlon invited. 179S 13th St.. corner Guerrero.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
£enaezleln * Bnrrldre. t Hardla plaesv off
Kearny. between Sutter and Buah streets.
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Works. SU Mis-
sion St.. S. F. Phcn» Jea-ie 101.
1143. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; sailing; three-year-olds and upward : purge, $300.
SILVER-PLATED MININQ PLATES.
GET them at r>enntston's San Francisco Plat-
Ing "Works, C 52 Mission st
NOME MININd SCHOOL.
Learn to know gold and save It. to handla
amalgamating plates, etc. Central Park.
GROCERIES »ND PROVISIONS.
Ootflta packed. IRVINE BROS.. S7O Howard.
SCB Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
LIQUORS-
WHKFFV Rt^ATZ BEER. Bethesda Water.
TT 111 jat 1 CAHEN & SON. 41S Sacramento st.
Time »i :13: %. :36»i: %. 1:01%; Ti. 1:28. Good start. Won easily, second and third driv
ing Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. f.. by Imp. Brutus-Copette. Winner best. Aborig
ine made up a deal of ground lost at start. Mnrella away poorly.
WHISKY.
HITVTPP DVP CHRISTT & TvISE Ooml.
fllillCll KIC- Co., 327-ro Sansome St.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BTTRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washfnctnt
aod lat its.. Oakland, or Builders* Ex., 9. T.
OA3OI-INH ENOINE*.
HERCTTLES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is niline
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st, S. F.
ENOINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Kntfaes and Roller*:
latest prices on tn« coast. Pin* * Dans at*.
Tlme-Vt, :25Vi; »4, :SOYt. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner C. L. Jones' b. f.,
by Herald-Santa Rosa. Ada ran to head of stretch In a false breakaway. Archibald not so
good as touted. El Karn quit.
FURS.
FUR COATS AND ROBE 3 FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFUCH. 118 Qrant «*•.
1144. FOUUTII RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
TENTS AND COVERS. .'¦
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturer*. t>*ca. unu.
covers, d and t» California st.
1145. FIFTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, . $400.
114(f. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
*iEW WESSTERN HOTEL.
I^EARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-lIE.
•* modeled and renovated. KING WARD *
CO. European plan. Kooma. s£ to » t>d«r
$5 to $S week; IS to J3) month. F>4 baths: hot
and cold water every room; fixe grates la «verj
room; elevator run* all niahtT *""- lc * *"""'
4
SPORTING PAGE
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. [St.
574 Brown Prince, 6 961,6
10S7 Lou Key, 4 11l 8
1105 Yule, 5 95 4
1105 Polka, 4 110 2
1039 Homestake, 6 109 9
1117 Gold Baron, 4 108 5
1109 Joe Mussle. 6 1141 1
990 Meadow Lark, a 11111
1051 Petal, 4 P3! 7
.... Klsln, 6 11l 3
1111 Bonlbel, 4 91 10
1032 Judge StoulTer, 8. ...11 l 12
V* H
2 2
5 1
82
\2*
7h
9 1
3 h
12
10
6 V,
4 h
11
% -
2 3
3 h
6%
12
C 1
4 h
7 1
12
8 2
9 1
10
11
Str.
Fin.
1 1
2 5
3 2
4 4
5 h
6 1
7 1
8 M
9
10
11
12
i" | Betting.
I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
H. Stuart 10 12
Macklln 12 6
Mounce 4 5
It. Shields 6 8
Bozeman 15 40
Thomas 6 15
Basßinger — 10 30
Ruiz 10 10
Holnvs 3 ' 9-2
N. Hill 10 10
Ranch .6 4
[Buchanan .... 6 20
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St.
1133 Corolla, 3 95 2
1074 Comlnp Event, 3.... 95 8
869 Jack McCabe, 4 10R 4
1039 Aborigine. 3 102 9
1117 Morella. 3 85 10
(1123) Garbo, 3 100 1
110S Klckumbob, 3 100 7
(1106) Edgardo. 3 97111
10«7 El Arte. 3 97 5
1123 St. Germain, 3 101 12
1117 Wild Het, 5 109 3
1115 Jolly Briton, 3 97 6
hi
5 1
1 2
2 <4
7 3
8 h
3 1
6 h
11 3
4 h
12
10 2
9 n
V,
3 1
1 4 .
2 2
6 3
7 1
5 h
9 2
8 h
4 M
112
10 1
12
%
3 2
1 2
2 3
4 3
6 t
a h
9 2
8 1
10
11
7 h
12
Str.
IK
2 2
3 1
4 5
5 h
6 h
7 H
8 2
92
. 10
12
11
Fin. I Jockey. |Op. CI.
1 lVz Itanch 9-5 13-10
2 4 Mounce 10 15
3 h J. Woods 10 13
410 O'Brien 50 B0
5 h H. Stuart 6 9
S 1 Basslniter 4 8
7 h Buchanan .... 3 8
8 3 Log^ie 10 IS
9 1 Walnwrlght .. 60 100
10 2 Norton 30 60
11 1 N. Hill 3D 25
12 JW. See 30_ 60
liviex. Horee. Weight. jSt.
v
w
%
Str.
Fin.
j Jockey. IQp. Cl.
1125 Ada N 10R 2
1037 Illusion 10" 4
1130 Phil Archibald 110 6
1125 Carilee 105 3
1110 Xl Karn 105 1
905 bonellneEs 100 10
1110 Illllouon 103 9
1037 Tinllta 107 5
1123 Sublime 1051 8
1110 Cambereeres ..: 107! 7
.... Missel 115111
1110 Jim Hale 1111 Left
2%
4 2
5 h
3 h
1 1
8 1
62
9 3
7 1
10 15
11
1 l
5 1
3 h
2 h
4 h
7 1
8 2:
62
9 3
10 9
11
1 2
2 n
3 l
4 l
5 h
6 H
74
82
9 4
10 8
11
Ranch 2 12-5
Macklin 3 6
H. Shields 5-2 16-5
Buchanan 12 15
Hennessey .... 4 5
I^Kue 40 12
Rassinger — l'> 20
Ames 13 2')
Gaffney IS 23
.1. Woods 60 100
IHyland 50 150
fo'nrlen 8 15
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. M Vz
(1103) Genua. 4 101 1 12
1105 Beau Monde, 6 109 8 ... 6 20
10S7 Uterp, 4 1M 4 • ... 4
1007 Aunt Bird. 5........ 99 2 ... 2 %
1114 Silver Maid, a 104 3 ... 8 2
1105 Clarando, 4 101 8 ... 8 4
.... Gold Beater. 4 101 7 / ... 6 1
514 Majesty, 6 101 5 ... 7h
1140 Croker, 4 103 9 ... 8
1120 De Blaise, 4 106 L*-ft ...
1056 Christine, a 104 Left ... ...
X
1 2
2 1
4 2
3 h
C 5
73
c i
9 8
9
Str. Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
~ TT, Ranch I T~9-10
2 1 Hennessey ... 12 10
3 h Bassinger .... 6 . 15
4 5 Ames 6 12
5 3 Cannell 50 , 75
6H Buchanan .... 4 4
7 4 Walnwright .. 100 200
... 810 Gaffney 100 200
9 Fauntleroy ... 15 25
N; Hi 11.... 6 7
... ... Brodten ... 50 60
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
1120 Twinkler, 5 .....106 5
11S9 Gauntlet. 4 105 4
1135 Twinkle Twlnk. 6. .104 3
1042 Snips. 5 104 6
1134 Stromo. 4 102 7
1134 Montanus. 4 112 2
1103 Fashion Plate, a 104 1
1117 Stuttgart. 4 102 8
1044 TJlm, 4 ..102 9
1128 Dr. Bernays, 5 113 HI
1019. Dr. Marks. 5.. 106 11
Vt, M % Str. Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
3 1 2h 23 ... In Shaw :. 12 25
5 1 33 IVi ... 2 2 Ranch 2 , 2
6 1 6 5 5 2 ... 3ns H, Stuart..... 30 ' sfl
4 2 5 1 4 2 ... 4 n Mounce ....... 3 13-5
lh 1H 3h ... 53' Fauntleroy ... 8 13
22 42 61 ... 62 Norton 15 23
7 4 7 2 7 2 ... 7 2 Ames ......... « 6
8 1 9 2 Rl ... ' 8 Buchanan .... 5 12
9!4 8 1 9 ... 9 Logue 10 23
11 11 11 ... 10 Ruiz '6 10
10 10 10 3 10 1 ... U N. Hill 10 30
[ndex. Horse Age, Welght.jSt. Vj * H %
1122 Imp. Mistral 11, 6.. 112 7 7~h 7h, , 6 1
1054 Pat Morrissey. 8. ...109 8 6 1 4 h 3 4
1117 Alaria. 4 .....107 5 5^4 6 1 Bn
1134 Lob Medanos, 4 112 1 4 2 2 H 2 3
1122 Rosalbra. « ..112 4 lh 1 V 4 lh
1019 Mamie G. a.. 11l 6 3H 5 1 "71
1122 Lodestar, 6 109 2 91 10 2 92
1114 Gold Buft, a ...109 9 84 81 83
1028 Rlngmaßter, .6 109 3 22 32 4%
496 Schanken, 4 ........107 11 11 11 11
1116 FonKO. 5 •¦ 112 10 10 9 4 10 1 .
g str.
;tr.
PMn. ' Jockey. |Op.
1 1 Kasslnper .... 6
2 h H. Shields..... 7-10
3 2 Fauntleroy ... io
4 4 Ames 10
sy, Hennessey — 10
fi 1 Ruiz 10
7hi Macklln 6
8 1 O'Brien 100
.9 8 * Buchanan .... 15
10 4 F. Bennett.... 50
11 Holmea ....... 15
Fin
Jockey
ci.
¦S
1
¦ ie
5
18
¦ 30
7
100
. 20
100
lOfl
Cl.
[ndex. Horse Age, Welght.jSt. Vj * H %
1122 Imp. Mistral 11, 6.. 112 7 7~h 7h, , 6 1
1054 Pat Morrissey. 8. ...109 8 6 1 4 h 3 4
1117 Alaria. 4 .....107 5 5^4 6 1 Bn
1134 Lob Medanos, 4 112 1 4 2 2 H 2 3
1122 Rosalbra. « ..112 4 lh 1 V 4 lh
1019 Mamie G. a.. 11l 6 3H 5 1 "71
1122 Lodestar, 6 109 2 91 10 2 92
1114 Gold Buft, a ...109 9 84 81 83
1028 Rlngmaßter, .6 109 3 22 32 4%
496 Schanken, 4 ........107 11 11 11 11
1116 FonKO. 5 •¦ 112 10 10 9 4 10 1 .
g str.
;tr.
PMn. ' Jockey. |Op.
1 1 Kasslnper .... 6
2 h H. Shields..... 7-10
3 2 Fauntleroy ... io
4 4 Ames 10
sy, Hennessey — 10
fi 1 Ruiz 10
7hi Macklln 6
8 1 O'Brien 100
.9 8 * Buchanan .... 15
10 4 F. Bennett.... 50
11 Holmea ....... 15
Fin
Jockey
ci.
¦S
1
¦ ie
5
18
¦ 30
7
100
. 20
100
lOfl
Cl.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
1120 Twinkler, 5 .....106 5
11S9 Gauntlet. 4 105 4
1135 Twinkle Twlnk. 6. .104 3
1042 Snips. 5 104 6
1134 Stromo. 4 102 7
1134 Montanus. 4 112 2
1103 Fashion Plate, a 104 1
1117 Stuttgart. 4 102 8
1044 TJlm, 4 ..102 9
1128 Dr. Bernays, 5 113 HI
1019. Dr. Marks. 5.. 106 11
Vt, M % Str. Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
3 1 2h 23 ... In Shaw :. 12 25
5 1 33 IVi ... 2 2 Ranch 2 , 2
6 1 6 5 5 2 ... 3ns H, Stuart..... 30 ' sfl
4 2 5 1 4 2 ... 4 n Mounce ....... 3 13-5
lh 1H 3h ... 53' Fauntleroy ... 8 13
22 42 61 ... 62 Norton 15 23
7 4 7 2 7 2 ... 7 2 Ames ......... « 6
8 1 9 2 Rl ... ' 8 Buchanan .... 5 12
9!4 8 1 9 ... 9 Logue 10 23
11 11 11 ... 10 Ruiz '6 10
10 10 10 3 10 1 ... U N. Hill 10 30
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. M Vz
(1103) Genua. 4 101 1 12
1105 Beau Monde, 6 109 8 ... 6 20
10S7 Uterp, 4 1M 4 • ... 4
1007 Aunt Bird. 5........ 99 2 ... 2 %
1114 Silver Maid, a 104 3 ... 8 2
1105 Clarando, 4 101 8 ... 8 4
.... Gold Beater. 4 101 7 / ... 6 1
514 Majesty, 6 101 5 ... 7h
1140 Croker, 4 103 9 ... 8
1120 De Blaise, 4 106 L*-ft ...
1056 Christine, a 104 Left ... ...
X
1 2
2 1
4 2
3 h
C 5
73
c i
9 8
9
Str. Fin. I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
~ TT, Ranch I T~9-10
2 1 Hennessey ... 12 10
3 h Bassinger .... 6 . 15
4 5 Ames 6 12
5 3 Cannell 50 , 75
6H Buchanan .... 4 4
7 4 Walnwright .. 100 200
... 810 Gaffney 100 200
9 Fauntleroy ... 15 25
N; Hi 11.... 6 7
... ... Brodten ... 50 60
liviex. Horee. Weight. jSt.
v
w
%
Str.
Fin.
j Jockey. IQp. Cl.
1125 Ada N 10R 2
1037 Illusion 10" 4
1130 Phil Archibald 110 6
1125 Carilee 105 3
1110 Xl Karn 105 1
905 bonellneEs 100 10
1110 Illllouon 103 9
1037 Tinllta 107 5
1123 Sublime 1051 8
1110 Cambereeres ..: 107! 7
.... Missel 115111
1110 Jim Hale 1111 Left
2%
4 2
5 h
3 h
1 1
8 1
62
9 3
7 1
10 15
11
1 l
5 1
3 h
2 h
4 h
7 1
8 2:
62
9 3
10 9
11
1 2
2 n
3 l
4 l
5 h
6 H
74
82
9 4
10 8
11
Ranch 2 12-5
Macklin 3 6
H. Shields 5-2 16-5
Buchanan 12 15
Hennessey .... 4 5
I^Kue 40 12
Rassinger — l'> 20
Ames 13 2')
Gaffney IS 23
.1. Woods 60 100
IHyland 50 150
fo'nrlen 8 15
Index. Horee. Age. Weight. [St.
574 Brown Prince, 6 961,6
10S7 Lou Key, 4 11l 8
1105 Yule, 5 95 4
1105 Polka, 4 110 2
1039 Homestake, 6 109 9
1117 Gold Baron, 4 108 5
1109 Joe Mussle. 6 1141 1
990 Meadow Lark, a 11111
1051 Petal, 4 P3! 7
.... Klsln, 6 11l 3
1111 Bonlbel, 4 91 10
1032 Judge StoulTer, 8. ...11 l 12
V* H
2 2
5 1
82
\2*
7h
9 1
3 h
12
10
6 V,
4 h
11
% -
2 3
3 h
6%
12
C 1
4 h
7 1
12
8 2
9 1
10
11
Str.
Fin.
1 1
2 5
3 2
4 4
5 h
6 1
7 1
8 M
9
10
11
12
i" | Betting.
I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
H. Stuart 10 12
Macklln 12 6
Mounce 4 5
It. Shields 6 8
Bozeman 15 40
Thomas 6 15
Basßinger — 10 30
Ruiz 10 10
Holnvs 3 ' 9-2
N. Hill 10 10
Ranch .6 4
[Buchanan .... 6 20
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St.
1133 Corolla, 3 95 2
1074 Comlnp Event, 3.... 95 8
869 Jack McCabe, 4 10R 4
1039 Aborigine. 3 102 9
1117 Morella. 3 85 10
(1123) Garbo, 3 100 1
110S Klckumbob, 3 100 7
(1106) Edgardo. 3 97111
10«7 El Arte. 3 97 5
1123 St. Germain, 3 101 12
1117 Wild Het, 5 109 3
1115 Jolly Briton, 3 97 6
hi
5 1
1 2
2 <4
7 3
8 h
3 1
6 h
11 3
4 h
12
10 2
9 n
V,
3 1
1 4 .
2 2
6 3
7 1
5 h
9 2
8 h
4 M
112
10 1
12
%
3 2
1 2
2 3
4 3
6 t
a h
9 2
8 1
10
11
7 h
12
Str.
IK
2 2
3 1
4 5
5 h
6 h
7 H
8 2
92
. 10
12
11
Fin. I Jockey. |Op. CI.
1 lVz Itanch 9-5 13-10
2 4 Mounce 10 15
3 h J. Woods 10 13
410 O'Brien 50 B0
5 h H. Stuart 6 9
S 1 Basslniter 4 8
7 h Buchanan .... 3 8
8 3 Log^ie 10 IS
9 1 Walnwrlght .. 60 100
10 2 Norton 30 60
11 1 N. Hill 3D 25
12 JW. See 30_ 60ADVERTISEMENTS.
comes but once In a lifetime. Act
now, ere 'tis too late. Don't wait
until you have a large amount, but
Invest to-day. If it Is only ten dollars.
Substantial profits are paid every
month as earned. Invest ten dollars
and earn ten thousand dollars.
Is the desire of all. If you Invest
with us you may get rich In a very
short time. Your money ia absolute-
ly safe and may be withdrawn upon
thirty days* notice. Our Investors*
are getting rich and will tell you
that our plan is the safest and best
In the world. Accounts 0/
and upward received.
Call at our office or write to-day.
South American Security Co,
214 riNK STREET. S. F,
Correspondence throushout South
America.
ARGUMENT ON
PENCIL DEEDS
NOT YET OVER
McEnerney and Budd Plead
Hard for Admission of
Documents.
Claim That They Have a Right tc
Introduce Them as an Incident
of the Alleged Mar
riage.
Another day of mouthing was the order
of the proceedings in the Fair case yester
day, ajd it was all about the admission
of the pencil deeds into the evidence of
the present case. For the first time since
the present litigation began ex-Governor
Budd took an active part, supplementing
McEnerney's exhaustive argument. He
is not yet finished with "his work, but will
continue this morning. Then the Pences
will have a closing shot or two and a de
cision will be rendered which may kee>p
the present case before the courts for an
other three months.
"We are entitled to put in the evidence
every circumstance that will show that no
marriage between Mrs. Craven and Sena
tor Fair ever existed," began McUnerney.
'"lhe deeds are not only relevant to this
case but the cross-examination in regard
to them was proper. The entire argument
of the petitioner was that the dee-ds are
irrelevant, but the moment it ia proved
that the cross-examination was proper all
claims of Irrelevancy must go with it.
"The genuineness of the deeds might af
ford a reasonable belief, that the marriage,
contract is genuine, and if we prove that
the deeds were forged it is reasonable to
suppo.se that the marriage contract was
also forge-d.
"The marriage contract and deeds are
so related in point of time that we ought
to be allowed. to show that both are for
geries. The petitioner has testified that
she claimed to supj>ort the deeds by an
assumption of the marital status at the
time when she brought out the deeds."
This was in substance McEnerney's ar
gument. In support of his contentions
great stacks of case lav/ wefe cited and
the .text books again played a leading
part.
Governor Budd followed with a consid
eration of the single point, the material-
Hv of the pencil deeds to the main issue,
which :s the marriage.
"The main issue, he sa!d, "is, "Was
there a marriage or no marriage? Each
fact that is adduced here is for the pur
popc of proving a valid or an invalid mar
riage. It was expressly agreed by the
parties to live separate and apart from
each other. Consent does not make a
marriage. It must be followed by an as
sumption of marital duties. From the
facts there was no marriage. The docu
ment of the solemnization was tut one
step toward the proof of the ultimate fact
of marriage. **^l
"The document is simply • evidence to
prove consent, and it is no stronger In
kind than acknowledgments by Senator
Fair, and the deeds are but one link in a
chain of evidence to prove that there was
no marriage. The ultimate fact is the
union and all the other probative facts.
Not only must there be consent but an
assumption of" the rights, duties and ob
ligations of the marriage. status. One of
these obligations Is support, and so far
as Senator Fair failed to support Mrs
Craven, so far he failed to fulfill the ob
ligations. The deeds, being an incident of
maintenance, are Instances of support,
and therefore we are entitled to have them
introduced into the' evidence."
The court then adjourned until to-day
ct 10:30 a. m.
Is State Senator Sims of this city. Attor
ney John P. Rodgers of Petaluma, Kior
dan & Lande of San Francisco, and At
torney William F. Porter of Fresno. The
biggest kind of a legal battle ia expected.
A citation has already been issued by
Judge Burnett, before whom the matter
came up. directing the executors of the
will of the late Lydia C. Wickersham to
appear in court on May 7 and show cause
why the probate of the will should not be
revoked. The grounds upon which to
day's suit is based are fraud, influence
and undue menace exercised upon her
husband by the other heirs of the estate.
In Inducing him to sign the famous agree
ment whereby he sold his "birthright for
a mess of pottage."
in pair?, thp bride's sisters. Misses Alice I
and Ethel Haper. bcin.ar fir*t. and Misses
Daisy Van X<=s:s and Helen Dean, the lat
ter a Piptor of the groom, following.
The bride entered the room leaning on
the arm of her brother. Frank S. Hicks.
Her trown was of white satin, the train
trimmed with Italian point applique lace
nearly 100 years old. The same lace had
adorned her mother's weddinp costume.
and Is a treasured family heirloom. The
i costume was trimmed with garlands of
WILLIS POLK
A BENEDICT
\rchitect Is Quietly Wed
ded to Mrs. Christine
Moore.
Testerday afternoon in the parlors of
St. Ipnatius College Willis Polk and Mrs.
Christine Moore were married, the Rev.
Father Varsl officiating. It was a very
quiet wedding. The only witnesses to the
ceremony were E. J. Prlngle. who was
best man. and the relatives of the bride.
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. F. L.
Bareda and widow of the late Charles A.
Moore. Willis Polk is a popular club man
and a well-known architect.
1- N* the "white drawing: room" of the
Kaptr residence at California and
Cough streets, amid a profusion of
flowers and bursts of music, and be-
fore x brilliant assemblage of San
Francisco's most prominent society peo
?>;• . Miss Emily Hager and Walter JL.
l>ean went through the ceremony of mar
ri&ge yesterday afternoon.
BecJLnse of the social prominence of the
bnde and groom the prospective marriage
h^d been much talked about by society
f w«r since the announcement of the en
gacement and the elaborate ceremony
that joined this fortunate couple in the
holy bonds of matrimony fulfilled all the
expectations of the swell set in which
they moved. Gowns, music, flowers were
¦II that they should .have been to com
plete the beauty and irnriressiveness of the
event. The arranpemer.ts had been made
with care and were carried out perfectly.
It was 4 o'clock when the bridal proces
einn came down the stairs and moved to
v.;ird thf altar •which had been erected In
t.i- \a.y window at one corner of the white
room. This altar, despite the profusonesa
•with which the housp had hepn decorated.
•was r.oticeably b*-autiful. golden candela
bra and rich, rare blossoms enhancing the
effect
The procession was led by Allen St. J.
Bowie and John <5e Ruyter, who were fol
lowed by the other two usher?, Hugh
Tevis jtnd Edward M. Greenway. Next
came the groom and his best man. J.
JJowney Harvey.
Following them came the bridesmaids
$3.95 Suits Wednesday Sates. $1.25 <f|
$2mGsm Wonderful "ffMH. FIIDAMBI&l Nomo "&IStST <&%>
/ffZss> ¦ 0n] 7 of these; Cockatoos S&ig! E^"^§%B&!iwii Su(y P licSm fOt* S9C J^&^
udM~^ snapped up at a Free show, 10 to P B»5, and Let n.4 n ?,,,,,
wST^) very low price: go- 12 a. m, 2to 5 «l estimate on °° specialsale Wtd- ifife^TO
ing to sell every P- m., daily. California's laroest-america-5 ora-ndest store, yonr outfit. JS^ew^fSah^lS |W^f«l|i
ff*3k% • SSSSiSg Tray Cloths 12c 15c Madras 9c Kf^ WUfW
(.OVljUr n DitS £ W r l The last lot that we put on special sale sold Fine quality real Madras Ginghams -in iii™.^ oo^ 6^ Wfi^W'
Bne Chevjot; for 12 o'clock. We offer twice the . pink, blue, rose, jrray, etc., effects— JrandTew~?ool— at V 3 1)
" I / / boys 3to 8 years; number to-day and. hope they won't run stylish and good wearing and washing t jj_ ,j ccD ] TentT cnt n ice V - ""* f);i
a\ / / rest and the sailor out before closing time. fabric for waists and outing suits— full eac jj py ««' / '^~ V*
Y'\ LJ collar handsomely All linen— l7x2s inches — stamped in floral 30 inches wide — our 15c the yard value Second" rioor^ Front. * :
I/, V-HTj trimmed with silk an( * conventional designs— with lots of for Wednesday Only q
<{',\\\A braid; are worth drawn" work— at the very special price ." 9C
\ V Mi\ regularly $3.95. WodnOSdSy Only I2C Bargain TAble-r.otur.da. SGm^9*f^ 4SC.
Ml l^*^ 1 Special Wtdnesdav mm i» m * g-m* m
U C/ only $2.65 An iBim&BW SbZ£B(P*m On B P ecial Fale tn " da y (Wednesday)
Main Floor— Near Entrance. Mra m mmW%m^mm **nly, 16 1 ") DudO Hat and
A9/v a a 9 c» # m m Neck Scarfs, the 75c kind, fine
£YaG%ffdE£iia!B&¥£Jl3*(&f* S %fratTiß3M& &m9F2&m quality net, with embroidered ends and
G&mRSm-x* 06%~*. ,~ _ . JL over two yards long, in white or cream,
%&8BiiZ!& &%3G* . G&jp> t Qf* Z&mt§ mZQs* and so°o ° Fancy Ribbon or
„ , . , . .. . %y«jr^ '«7O €9MmU &*?Z'm S/Ik scar IS, vith hand-mde,
We place on special sale this morning We have bought the entire frin « ed eilk ends, the 75c and $1.00
more than 100 different designs and S?o^\ !Inl! 15n«KuMV kind ? . in a full assortment of colors,
colorings in 51. 25, $t.50. j& sample line (1500) of this all at the rerv scecial D-ice -— >
$1.75, $200 aAd $2.25 W/ M season's Ladies' Belts Z // ffl ' each P.. . P .*. .^Sc
fa/ICy Silk S. bought from a job- %/ >^ f rom an Eastern manu- W/ Aft Bargala Table-Main Alsl*
S,TkslrLndrelythis 1C seas C on'; P roduc! W /s£#' facturer, divided them jfc/^ y£o _ ~ 7T~ -
tions suitable for street and evening ff Jsy% int ° tliree reat lots nd // /®^^>'' UOntMUßtiOn Of
wear>, including satin stripe^ lace fm aa >g&gr<2' all go Off SOBCiai W^J&zfeC'%s Standard
stripes, corded stripes, brokan plaids, \?%*&BP^*^ xalo in-rlrtv fWpr? \^£&k vk A n . T- r+ i
etc." in blues, greens, modes, ceri<e, V^^^V A \ J?~£K * VS DlCtlOUary So/C
heliotrope, magenta, reseda and other V nesday) O/lfy at a frac- 1 V _ jg^
extremely fashionable colorings. Our tion 01 their real value. Vgl A
extraordinary ' bargain price for 7H» This purchase includes \M C . ? ..
Wednesday only, ocr ac% /% j2^d?£&* leather chain and Antr Wk JFL^ • grM P^ ¦ —=. mmm^tf^^SSX
yard Q9C /// y^^^^J^ ieainer, cnain ana aog- \£***'l*S^ mg concern havm? t^Jj'i- , I
BarcainTnbVe^Main'Ai'sie.' ffl/ col'ar belts, ranging in /^/^fHi bought 5000 copies to pAQ ;
/// / /) value from 25c to $1.25 '%y /\*f) M c{ th " Dictiomry^S 3 Wj&k'
***% tef% e*H ftW S% • vugu g f^S J& pose found that^ gWsk
$2aOSB ShOeS W >*&% PnCC3 WiH be: tW S%r% the - v hai overesti-^ Dp^3
******* W 25c to 40c Belts Oc hp JV'JP'?' mated the number j"^ 1 Xt&itm
£&Bm£+£Bm 45c to 7. r >c Belts... ./9c \jL^,*t£&^ that they could use, \W\jfi7
*^' \CG^^ 75c to $1.25 Belts 29c _ an -j wishing to \^'vi
J Ladies' Black Vici Bargain Tables— Main A!?ie. quickly turn int--*^3sr: £S&/j%
'-Kid Lae<> Shoe?, *r^ m* ~ *r% m ca'h the 9)0 re-jd^tt l^^S^S-i
fancy silk vest- ItX LT* £%[!%s£ ®Vlf 28 B*£& rSSflfl- mainin- on their^^M^^^~
ing cloth tops, wiim»w»»»«b ¦%*> msa^ta **>* haadg d; spoge( j o f
S'mond Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. *V* t0 ™f alout . * al {; 05 :' 4rrVf . '
diamond-shaped. , • , , They are the genuine Standard Thctum-
kid tips, sewed \ve begin this morning a three-day special sale of Granite Enameled a ry, the best Dictionary of '.
flexible soles, "Ware at a great reduction from regular prices. We purchased this the English language
inLcrZTvSll kitchenware months ago, that is why to-day's quotations are possib'e— for P"*'** 1 ? 0 ?' the ,f ccepUd^ o^ \
S ?2-spedal manufacturers' prices have advanced fully one-third since last fall. If %S^?SSSiSS^^S& \
for all sizes, your kitchen closet needs replenishing buy now, as prices will not be so usual cut price Sir. 70; our very spe-
Y/cdncs- low again in months, if ever. rial offer for this lot -?_ —mm
day only $1.48 ••• 95m*t-U
Fl«t Sectton-Rlcht of Entrance. Bomd in heav!est an ' ! *** fnll shee ?' '.
m /'^'^ \. t , 1 <^> -^T j*m w "k Denison'a patent thumb index. This
mf£lS*f*f*i!l*B+ia*6* llt<g^^^~J>' /;,.fV -^o\, f/tJ^B r^Pl, Of S.|# li. dictionary contains 2300 pages, 5000 iI-
%XrOC&M m i&&m ira^^J. '(11 ngfj/,, { Mm W%, liill lustrations and colored plates, 301,365 ;
B fM^^"^%mma^ l^. I \^ 'I M ' I =¦- -^J vocabulary term 3, nearly two and a half
&m»C^&£lGm&a ¦ z^= ¦* — Zm — L=s^ times the number in any other single or
H«t rirv Trinnlat^ £«#»««• 2t% Covered Wind s o r Handled Saucepan Granite Enameled Granite Enameled two volume dictionary, and about 75.C00
Best Dry Granulated Sugar, 2O Saucepan of fine with lip- Ware Preserving War c, straight more than in any oth-r dictionary of the .
R,hh^bV s 'rSoao'"7AarfSse granite enameled 4-quart size... 180 Kettles- covered s«u cc- English language, with complete appends
F^ Walnuts n^wfron lb lOC are ~ 5-qnart«ixe...22o 5.qnart.ii9...220 pans, large (4- of foreign phrases and proper names.
tat^f^m^k^fSS 4- q uartaiz3.;.Jso G^quart size...27c 6-quart ri»...*50 qnart)size..3lc —
Bjst clean Currants, : lb packag^ j±i <***>^ . a |^v- ZOC mUSiM [
Kingsford's Gloss Starch, 'lb pack- (f^i irt (T tt^^-j? \l - GOWnS SO Cm
Ghoice. select Oystcrs,2-\bV\ns.l9c \ | Vr^fer' — --^Sni U^. Ladies' fine Moslic I }Tp&fr»sffijJ|
Best Eastern Gornmoal, white or // >a| .^\^/j\l;^/-' gj^^^A (i>y^ s '^^Jb,''fs 4Vli Gowns, with 2 in- 1 rSw^^l
yellow. 10-lb packs— Lhis week.... 18c 'n]~ ~ l!i '\ ::^=^ ..vj^:- I >/\Z>«~^ ==^Z^ ' f=z IA /, sertiona of Iri^h f^n^H^ 1
Claret Sale— Another of our popu- Hlj^__^"v V^^=^J ti',t^Lr=-: :^^-J *^i po i nt embroidery. f^l^!^
lar Giaret sales all this week— our reg- Prnnitfl Fraraeled a " (i enbr o i d cry \Kqs X&
ular 40c per pallon quality t0r...270 Teakettle- ™ zn'>^4^M^
Wl&l^^'wMmkv'f^ Granite Enameled 5-qnartsue.forNo. , yect ™ 14. la^.^OTfe>
C I«SS PS Z^^° C^e^e f^
this week's special price $1.45 1-qt 6c 4-qt 120 £-qt 180 1-qt 8c 3-qt 130 sqt 16c t^oU a customer. '& % J J I
Main Floor-Rear. 2-qt 8C 5-qt 13C 10-qt 2/O 2-qt tIG 4-qt 140 6-qt 18C Second Flcor. ¦ < »'.
Printing, engraving, die-ainking. stamp-
Ing and embossing done in our stationery
department. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street- * ;
Ross on Trial.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. April 24.— Two days
of the trial of Convict Ross for the mur
der of Deputy Sheriff Ward of San Diego
have passed without securing a Jury. The
special venire was quickly exhausted and
a call for a venire of forty was Issued.
This is over half exhausted and the Jury
box la not half filled. Public sentiment
B'nai B'rith Entertainment.
The intellectual advancement committee
of District Grand Lodge No. 4, I. O. B. 8.,
will give a literary and musical entertain
ment this (Wednesday), April 25, at B. B.
Hall. The musical part of the programme
will be of a superior character, and the
speakers will bo Dr. Jacob Voorsanger.
Past Grand President D. S. Hlrshberg and
Mr. Otto Irving Wise. Admission will be
without cards. The nubile is Invited. •
Salary During Vacation.
Mayor Phelan has requested City Attor
ney Lane for his interpretation of the
charter In regard to the provision which
allows a city employe to be paid only for
the time he is actually employed. The
Mayor is in doubt whether the charter
contemplates the total abolition of the
vacations of city officials. The point to be
decided is interesting from the fact that
the time is approaching for the usual
summer vacation of the Board of Super
visors.
BOSWORTH-STREET
TUNNEL COMPLETED.
Mission-Street Cars Will Now Run
Direct to Glen Park.
Manager E. P. Vlning of the Market
Street Railway authorizes the statement
?hat the Bosworth-street tunnel will be
completed In time to carry the crowds to
Glen Park through It on the Mission street
cars next Sunday.
To celebrate the occasion fittingly the
opening day at Glen Park, next Sunday
will be called Tunnel day. The manage
ment have prepared a monster show for
the occasion. Over twenty vaudeville
artists will appear on the bill at the thea
ter, and some startling and sensational
outdoor events are on the programme.
INCREASED ATTENDANCE AT
ECUMENICAL CONFERENCE
Prominent Speakers Who Save Done
Missionary Work in All Parts
of the World Heard.
NEW YORK. April 24.— There was a
notable increase in attendance when the
Ecumenical Conference began its session
to-day, with simultaneous meetings In
Carnegie Hall and three churches. Evan
gelistic work was the subject discussed
at Carnegie Hall, while at the Central
Presbyterian Church, Calvary Baptist
Church and Madison-avenue Reformed
Church sectional meetings were held on
woman's work.
After the devotional service at Carne
gie Hall Bishop E. G. Andrews of New
York made a brief address. Bishop J. M.
Thoburn of India, Rev. Dr. W. F. Oldham
of Malaya, N. L. Gordon. M. D.. D.D.,
who has for many years been conducting
evangelistic work In Japan; Rev. Dr.
Henry B. Richards and Rev. Dr. Taylor
Hamilton also were among the speakers.
At Calvary Baptist Church the subjects
discussed were: "How to Present the
Christian Truth to Women and Children."
"The "Work of Native Christians," "Gen
eral Evangelistic Work on Behalf of
Women."
The speakers were: Miss Jennie Duncan
of India, Miss Alice E. Delton of Japan
and Miss E. B. Daskervllle of India.
At the Central Presbyterian Church the
topics discu??ed were: "Kindergartens,"
"Common and Village Schools." "Higher
Education for Women." "Training of
Bible Women." Among the speakers were
Mrs. Irene Barnes of London, Miss Isa
bella Thoburn of India and Mrs. T. M.
McXalr of Japan.
At the Madison-avenue Reformed
Church the general tonic under discus
sion was "Giving." At the woman's meet
ing in the Central Presbyterian Church
the discussion was on the "Systematic
Study of Missions Among the Local So
cieties In This Country."
WATER SCARCE IN KLONDIKE.
Miners "Will Make Their Wash-Up
by Rockers Instead of Sluicing.
SEATTLE, April 24.— Arthur P. Curtis
and two partners have just arrived at
Victoria from Dawson, which point they
left April 8. They say water is running
in all the creeks and will, owing to last
winter's light snowfall, be exhausted be
fore the clean-up is fairly commenced.
In consequence of the water shortage
many claim owners are pumplne from
Bonanza, while the majority will make
their wash-un by rockers instead of sluic
ing This will give employment at" good
wages for all the unemployed in Dawson
until the lower river breaks and the ex
odus to Nome sets In.
Sulphur, Hunker and Dominion Creeks
are the new fortune holders this year,
while Bonanza and El Dorado are pro
ductive as ever, the dumps on 16 (Cook
& Co.) and 17 (Berry Bros.), being the
largest on record. From Skaguay comes
the news that Armour & Co. are estab
lishing immense storage warehouses there
and aim to secure control of the entire
northern meat trade.
CALL FOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In errcrflaxre with the direction* of the P.K-
PfELICAS NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
de>£ate3 representatives of the Republican
Party frrm the several States arsen-.ble In Na-
tional Ccr.ver.tion In the city of Philadelphia,
Eta'.e of Pennsylvania, en TUESDAY, the Utb
£ay of June. A. D. ISCO, at II o'clock noon,
for the purpose of somlnatlnc candidates fcr
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for euch ether business
•c may be brought before said con\-entlon: and
In axecrfance with the Instructions given by
caid Natlccat Committee, directing that th«
Ccr.Kret»!cr.al Dletrlcf delegate* shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Crmmittee of each said district. In the same
r ¦•¦¦' ¦¦ " as the nomination of a Representative
In Cccrreks Is made in tald district; therefore.
t- It
Re*olr«fl. T.y the REPUBLICAN FTATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA.
repm-entir.* the Republican Party cf tald
F:ale, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Consreesiocal Dietrlcts cf the State
cf California axe hereby adxlsed and requested
ereesional IJistricts. to b« held as hereinafter
provided, et which two delegates shall be
chcten to represent each of *uch district* In
the NATIONAL, REPUBLICAN "CONVEN-
TION, to be held as aforesaid, and tor the
*electicn cf two alternate delegates, to act In
care cf th» absence of the d^leeate* first chosen.
The wlecticn of the delegates or the Con-
•rrefFlor.al <~cu\ent!on shall l»e under th» direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
<!irtrlrt. !n accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided. That the ba*ln cf representation
to faid Corcr«t'.onal Conventions ("hall be as
fellow*, to m\t: One delecate for each Af»*em-
bly District within the ConeressicnaJ District;
provided, that where any Assembly District
t-mbrai-M more than one county, there shall be
cm deleeatr for each county and fractional
fart rf -? f-ounty ia «uch Assembly District.
and cue delegate for each 300 votes cast for
HT.ry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In 2?l'S. and one delegate for each frac-
tion cf V.Xj vote* cr over.
It 1i further directed that the d*lepate<
«-ho*en to the CongTf**!oaal Conventions shall
ir»»t !n ftat* Convention at the city of Sacra-
fn«nto. en TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
JfOO. st 2 o"clork p. m.. to celect four <3e>gate«-
•t-larr* to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION ebove mentioned, anj Tour al-
ternate delegates, to act In cawe the delegates
rejected \* eb*ent. for the election or a State
Central Committee, ana for the transaction of
rvrh further burlnefv a* rr.ay be broucht be-
fore the »ald Ktat» O-uvention.
It t»i further directed that where primary
#lectSon« are held th» test for voters ehall be:
"I believe In Rer>ubl!oan principle* and in-
Corre the Ileimbllraa policy and the admln-
tftratlon cf I^rerldent McKlnley. and Intend
to support 'he nojr.'.reea of the Republican
Party at the er.rulnc election."
It la further d'.rerte." that contertg muit be
fled with the Secretary of the Con*re«Blonal
Crirnilttee In wrUinr. with a full statement
ef the rrounds of the rnntest. five days pre-
All matters relatinr to nuch content before the
CcnrretsJonal Committee, with eald Commit-
tee* determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Om-
nttte* «t Sacr*Tiento, before noon of the 14th
Cmr nt May. 1900.
Adopted by the RKFI'BLICA?: STATE CEX-
TH>Ii COMMITTEE at San Franrisco. April
C l9ofc E. C. HART. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADY RECORD KEEPER
GUEST OF MACCABEES
Eeception Tendered Miss Bina M.
West, the Visiting Grand
Officer.
There were several hundred Sir Knights
and Ladies of the Maccabees In Golden
Gate Hall last night to welcome Miss
Bina M. West, supreme record keeper of
the Ladies of the Maccabees, who arrived
yesterday from the East on a tour of vis
itations to the subordinate branches of the
order on the Pacific Coast.
I^ady Jacobs of Mission Hive and Sir
Knipht S. W. Hall, State commander,
made a few Introductory remarks, after
which Lady Moffat delivered a brief ad
dress of welcome to the visitor, introduc
ing her to the audience. Lady West spoke
for nearly three-quarters of an hour, ex
plaining the order she represents, which
she said, now numbers 1700 subordinate
hives in the United States, with a mem
bership of 77.000. She also said that it Is
managed exclusively by women, who since
its organization In 1592 have disbursed
more than one million dollars, showing
that women can manage a great corpora
tion as well a? men. The reception was
under the direction of the following
named:
San Francisco Tent — W. W. Thompson. F"red
AVastier Jr.: Golden West Tent — C. B. Classen,
H. F>. Williams; Pacific Tent— James Boyer,
David Rohr: Ran Francisco Hive— Mary E. Sal
mond, Gertrude Wastier; Golden West Hive—
Ivlllan Rinner. Minnie E. Loos; Mission Hive—
Klla P. Jacobs. Lady Rader; Fraternal Hive —
Ida J. Lorol. Jennie Green; California Hive
Maud Mack. Isabel Howard. Floor director.
Georce V. Lerol.
Bergen Held for Trial.
The preliminary examination of Benja
min C. Bergen, the United State? Branch
Mint employe charged with stealing bul
lion, was had yesterday forenoon by
United States Commissioner Heacock. The
defendant was held to answer for trial
In the I'nlted States District Court. He
¦was defended by Bert Sch'esinger, but re
frained from putting in a defense.
WICKERSHAM
WILL CONTEST
IS REOPENED
Suit Filed to Have the Pro
bating of the Document
Set Aside.
Son of Frank Wickersham, Who Was
Disinherited, Seeks a Share of
the Estate of the Late
Petaluma Banker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, April 24.— The death of
the late Prank P. Wickersham of Fresno
did not end the litigation in the famous
Wickersham will contest after all. To
day the papers were filed In a new suit,
whereby I. G. Wickersham Jr., the young
son of the late Frank P. Wickersham and
a grandson of the late Petaluma banker,
through his mother and guardian, Mrs.
Cora L. Wickersham, seeks to have
the probating of his grandmother's will
revoked. Three similar suits are also to be
brought by the same parties as soon as
the necessary papers can be prepared, and
the big Wickersham estate seems destined
to be subjected to even more litigation by
reason of Frank P. Wickersham's death
than would have been the case had he
lived and carried out his original inten-
The history of the litigation up to date
In the Wickersham will contest proceed
ings is interesting in the extreme. When
the late I. G. Wickersham, the well known
Petaluma banker, passed away he left a
will disposing of an estate valued at some
thing over a million dollars. All his heirs
were well provided for in his last testa
ment with the exception of his oldest son,
Frank P. Wickersham. then one of the
best known residents of Fresno. He was
cut off with $5. Frank at once began con
test proceedings, but a compromise be
tween him and the other heirs was finally
effected and the proceedings were
dropped. By the terms of the agreement
the contestant accepted $28,000 in cash as
his share of the estate and also waived
all claim upon the estate of his mother,
who was then living.
A short time afterward Mrs. Lydia C.
Wickersham, his motner, died, and Frank
began a suit contesting her will, denying
that he ever signed the agreement, and
claiming that if he ever did it was while
he was mentally incompetent owing to the
excessive use of drugs, tobacco and alco
holic stimulants. In his complaint some
highly sensational allegations were made,
but before the case came up for triai
Frank Wickersham himself died, and the
matter went by default, no attorneys ap
pearing at the time set for hearing.
The case begun to-day marks what ap
pears to be the reopening of the entire
matter. During the coming week Mrs.
Cora Wickersham. the widow of the late
Frank Wickersham. will, on behalf of her
son begin suit to have the contest pro
ceedings instituted by her late husband
Just before his death revived. She will
also institute a suit in her own name look
ing to the same end. Mrs. Wickersham
will in her own name also bring suit to
have the settlement of the. estate of the
late Mrs. I. G. Wickeraham set aside, as
her son did to-day.
Among the array of legal talent to
gather before the Sonoma County bar in
the interest of Mrs. Wickersham and her
la.t» son when " the matter comes to trial
in this city Is against the prisoner, and
people wonder what line of defense will
be offered by the lawyers for Ross. Dis
trict Attorney Lewis of San Diego is as
sisting in the prosecution. It is said that
Ross has threatened to make a break if
he gets a show, and in consequence his
trips between the jail and courtroom are
much Impeded by heavy irons, which the
Sheriff here deems necessary to prevent
any attempt to do further mischief.
GAUGED SHORT FREEDOM.
Count Lautrec Liberated and Then
Rearrested.
CHICAGO. April 24.— Count Lavine d©
Toulerse Lautrec. charged by the Mon
treal authorities with having disposed of
forged bonds under the name of V. Cas
tano, was released from custody here to
day by the county authorities, but was
soon after arrested by Federal officers and
taken, before Commissioner Humphrey on
new warrants issued on the old charge.
The warrant under which the Count was
first arrested was found to be faulty when
passed upon to-day by Judge Dunne.
Resembled Perez.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL. April 24.— Sheriff Taylor
received word from San Mateo this morn-
Ing that a man answering the description
of the missing Andrew Perez had passed
through there some days ago. Perez is
the woodchopper who was thought to
have been murdered in Carson Gulch and
later was believed to have left there tr»
desert hia wife and children. The Sheriff
will follow up the clew he has received.
SCHOOL OF
HYPNOTISM
IS CLOSED
Partners in the Enterprise
Disagree and Go Out
of Business.
Recently Incorporated in San Josa
With Heavy Capital as the Great
Western Institute of
Science.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 24.— The Great "West
ern Institute of Science, which was incor
porated here a few weeks ago with JoO.OOO
capital and a grand flourish, has gone out
of business. The object of the institute as
Incorporated was to give instruction in
hypnotism and all branches of the occult
sciences, and It prided Itself on being the
only institute where schooling in these
arts could be obtained in the West. At its
head was C. H. Haviland, M. L>.. presi
dent: F. T. Mclntyre and W. D. Mitchell.
Unlike most Institutions of the kind that
dissolve, no unpaid bills were left around
town.
The projectors of the enterprise made
their appearance here about three months
ago. They had money of all kinds to
burn and became very popular around
town. A large suite of offices were rent
ed In the Rea building, and these were
fitted up elegantly, with carpets and fur
niture. Hundreds of dollars' worth of
printing was secured and sent out broad
cast, and it Is said the Great Western In
stitute was rapidly increasing. Trouble
arose between the partners, and a few
days ago the doora of the Institute were
closed and action begun In court to dis
solve the corporation.
In circulars sent out "the cereopathic
home treatment" was offered patients at
the low price of $10 per month. This de
partment was in charge of Professor L.
Morcief Deyo. who is said to have passed
in private life as Mr. Mclntyre.
"Hypnotic balls" were among the stock
of trade of the institute. Just what this is
Is a* mystery, but from the amount of
printed contracts left In the rooms a large
run on this article must have been ex
pected. They read:
Gentlemen: Inclosed you Trill find $5 In pay
ment for the Great Western course. It Is un
derstood that I am to receive the celebrated
"Hypnotic Ball." together with the five com
plete courses in hypnotism, mesmerism, per
sonal magnetism, magnetic healing, suggestive
therapeutics, vitaopathy, cereopathy, public
entertainments, heallnjr as a profession, etc.
It is further agreed that if I am unsuccessful
my money will be refunded as per your guar
anty contract and bond.
I promise not to give th» Improved methods
to any other student or persons until I graduate
and receive my diploma, and then not to In
struct any one thoroughly for lesa than $30. It
Is understood, however, that after I have fin
ished the complete cours* that I be permitted
to give a partial course for any amount which
will pay for my services.
orange blossoms and chiffon. The bride's
veil was of tulle, and she carried a bunch
of lilies of the valley.
Th<* bridesmaids wore preen taffeta,
covered with white organdie. Their cos
tumes were trimmed with lace and made
with a princess effect. They carried
bunches of pink roses and wore bunches
of them in their hair.
As the procession entered the room the
I.ohenprin wedding march was played by
H. J. Stewart on a pipe organ that had
been broujdit into the house in sections
and set up for the occasion. Mr. Hlcka
gracefully pave the bride away.
As the last words pronouncing the
couple husband and wife were spoken by
the officiating clergyman. Rev. Father
Ramm of St. Mary's Cathedral, Mendels
sohn's wedding march burst forth from
the organ.
Durinp the subsequent jollity of the
wedding reception and while the bride was
boinp toasted in a flow of champagne
Stark's orchestra filled the chambers of
festivity with delicious music.
The floral decorations were in tones of
pink, the principal flowers used being car
nations and pink roses. Asparagus ferns
and appl*» blossoms were also prominent.
The centerpiece over i the altar was a
costly creation of orchids. Over the man
tel in the hall was a mammoth curtain
made of pink roses and greens.
Mr. and Mrs. Dean will leave to-day
for a bridal trip, but where the honey
moon is to be spent Is a profound secret.
They will not. however, go to Europe,
as has heretofore been rumored.
Miss Emily Hager and Walter Dean, Social Favorites, Who Were Married Yesterday.
San Francisco's Elite Attend the Beautiful Wedding Which
Takes Place at Bride's Home Amid Roses
and L>arnations.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
DEAN-HAGER MARRIAGE A
BRILLIANT SOCIAL EVENT
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
Ibrowm's BrchshialTrgches I
j give most salutary relief In |
I Bronchitis. |
3 T&e Genuine fcut&o J
I rJMsSImC* _j(//s? *£ Of** 7 1
5If reports of military extravagance in Cuba be true
it is evident that Uncle Sam's soldiers believe that in
tine* of peace to the victors belong the spoils of war.
. Learned debaters in Missouri have reached tho
solemn conclusion that "Democratic principles are
contrary to the laws of God." The decision was has
tened by the interesting fact that one of the orators
on the negative side almost killed his opponent with
the leg of a chair.
The American chess players of Harvard, Yale and
Columbia, who .were defeated by the experts of Ox
ford and Cambridge, have at least one consolation.
Our British cousins haven't yet tried conclusions with
If scandal and scoundrelism make success on the
turf Tanforan can reasonably be considered without
a peer among American racing associations.
TELEPHONE REGULATIONS.
SUPERVISOR MCCARTHY'S discovery that
an ordinance of the city requiring the payment
of a license fee ot $2 a quarter for the privilege
of operating a nickel-in-the-s!ot machine for gain ap
plies to telephone slot machines as well as to others
of the kind appears to afford a solution to that par
ticular problem of telephone regulations. That view
cf the case was taken by the Board of Supervisors,
and by a unanimous vote a motion directing the at
tention of the Tax Collector to the ordinance and
caning for an impartial enforcement of it « wa»
adopted.
The language of the ordinance fully sustains the
construction put upon it. After specifying certain
kinds of machines, such as weighing machines,
phonographic machines, music machines, electric
nachines. etc.. it goes on to add: "Or any other
rnnchine or appliance of any kind, character or de
scription in which on a deposit of a five-cent piece, or
ary other piece of money or article representing
money, within S2id machine, a person is weighed
thereon, or music played therein, or other services in
connection with said machines so designated are .ren
dered, shall pcy a license of $2 per quarter for each
mr.chine so used."
It will be seen the language is sufficiently compre
hensive to include every kind of nickel-in-the-slot
machine. It as clearly applies to telephone slot ma
chines as to any other. As the ordinance has been
on the books for about four years, the amount of
bade licenses due by the telephone companies under
its provisions are large, and if they be fully collected
the deficit in the treasury which has compelled the re
form administration to deprive the city of street
light; and street sprinkling will be materially dimin
11 ncu.
In addition to calling for the enforcement of the ex
isting ordinance, the board, upon the motion of Mc-
Carthy, added to it a section providing: "Every per
*or.. f;rm or corporation engaged in supplying water
or g-»s or electric lights or electrical power or per
forrr.'ng or rendering any telephonic or electrical
horvLc to or for the inhabitants of this city and
county shall pay on their aggregate sales or receipts
a license ns foHows: For sales or receipts of $500,000
per quarter, $^51 per quarter: $300,000. $151 per quar
ter: $200,000. Sici per quarter: $125,000, $65 per
carter; $75,000, $41 per quarter." '•[%¦
The icgaiity of the tax will of course be questioned
zr.<l vigorous cftorts will be made to evade it. for the
telephone company has the habit of tax-shirking too
stror.^iy developed to submit to any tax without a
!on£ fight and a hard one. Moreover, we shall prob
ably hear, once more the familiar threat to "put it
in the bill" and make the public pay it. The issue,
there "ore. serves to strengthen the demand for mu
nicipal supervision of telephone rates, as it furnishes
another evidence that only bj- such supervision can
the people be protected from the exactions and the
extortions of the company.
There remains oac other important feature of tele
phone regulation to be dealt with — that of requiring
the company to furnish to the patrons of the tele
phone slot machircs the desired switch before dc
molding the deposit of the nickel. The tactics to be
pursued by the company in fighting that regulation
have been intimated by statements made by President
Sabin to the Supervisors, to the effect that if the pro
posed ordinance be adopted the company cannot give
as good service or as prompt service as before. The
statement suggests a determination on the part of
the company io keep the public waiting for switches
sn Jong under the new rule that there will be a de
rnrnd for a return to the old way. The company, it
v.ill be seen, is cunning and full of tricks. The only
way to protect the public rights is by a thorough
and comprehensive municipal supervision. That is
the key to the solution of even' phase of the problem.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Frank H. Buck of Vacavllle Is at the
Palace.
R. Wingate, a mining man of Eureka, Is
at the Lick.
T. A. Griffin, a railroad man of Chicago,
Is at the Palace.
Ex-Judge E. McLaughlin of San Jose Is
at the Occidental.
H. D. Chandler, an attorney of Vaca
ville, is at the Lick.
"W. A. Junker, manaper of the Del Monte
Hotel, is at the Palace.
Dr. E. B. Baldwin and wife of Louis
ville, Ky., are at the Occidental.
Thomas J. Kirk of Sacramento. State
Superintendent of Public Instruction, Is at
the Lick.
Peter Slems. a railroad contractor of St.
Paul, is at the Lick with his wife and
three sons.
Rev. Edward Beal, pastor of the» First
Christian Church of Tulare, and wife are
at the Hotel Royal.
J. J. Hebbron, manager of the Pacific
Improvement Company ranches at Sali
nas, is at the Grand.
John FinnelT of Tehama, one of the
wealthiest ranchers in the State, is at the
Palace with his daughter.
Jacob Steppachcr leaves the city this
evening to attend the Republican League
Convention at Los Angeles.
Superintendent F. K. Jackson and S. R.
and John E. Porter of the Ballol mine, at
Sutter Creek, are at the Occidental.
A. M. tDuncan has returned from Fish
Rock, where he disposed of his mercan
tile interests, and is staying at the Lick.
C. E. Hamilton, a Chicago newspaper
man, is in town on a visit. He was en
tertained by friends last night at dinner
and the theater.
H. Braunschweiger left yesterday for a
year's trip to Europe. He will visit
Uraunschwelger, his native town. In Ger
many, and the Important cities of the
old world, finally attending the Paris Ex
position.
PARTY AUTHORITY.
THE Chronicle again enters the field, chiding
The Call, the Fresno Republican and other
party papers which refuse to admit that the
California Republican Convention •of 1898 had au
thority to bind the national Republican party to the
policy of free trade with Porto Rico and the Philip
pines. We regret that the pen of the Chronicle slips
badly when it attempts to quote The Call. It says
The Call "then follows with the conundrum whether
California Republicans, who now oppose giving their
commercial rights to our island fellow citizens, are
false to the party?" And to^this the Chronicle
answers "Yes."
Will the learned pundit who insists upon that teil
us how these islanders became "our fellow citizens"?
It is a misrepresentation to attribute affirmation of
their fellow citizenship to The Call. That status we
have all the time denied to them. It is not conferred
upon them by the treaty of Paris, nor has it been ex
tended tcf them by any act of Congress.
The Chronicle insists upon the right of a State
convention of this State to conclude the nation.il
party upon an issue of policy until the same is re-
versed by a national convention. The error in this
is obvious. When a new issue arises, upon which
party welfare demands party harmony, and there is
no opportunity for expression by a national conven
tion, there must be an intermediate authority to act
tentatively until a national convention can utter it
self. There is no other such intermediate authority,
except the representatives of the party in the House
and Senate. This intermediate authority considered
and acted. The Chronicle is displeased because the
California members did not bolt that action and defy
that authority. Had they obeyed the Chronicle and
bolted they would have reduced their party to a
minority in the House, and would have done more
than defeat the Porto Rico' bill. They would have
given victory to. the constitutional contention of the
Bryanites and the Chronicle, that the Porto Ricans
and the Filipinos are "our fellow citizens," possess
ing all the rights, immunities and privileges that the
constitution confers upon us!
It will be seen that in such bolt as the Chronicle
advises there was much more than the passage of a
tariff for Porto Rico. It meant the declaration of a
national policy of the gravest and most important
character.
We need not again go over the argument and its
proofs, that the constitution has'not been extended to
these islanders. We know of no more dangerous
ground that the Republican party can take than that.
It is the Democratic position, which we are sure
that the country will repudiate. It means that not
withstanding the safeguards of the treaty of Paris, and
that without discussion by the people or a formal
expression of their assent, we have taken into our
body politic, as our full-fledged fellow citizens, ten or
fifteen millions of people, aliens to us in race, language
and character, with whom homogeneity is impossible.
It means that the territory they inhabit is fully and
finally under the whole constitution, and must re
main so. no matter what necessities the future may
disclose, fince constitutional territory was made for
ever inalienable by the verdict of the Civil War. Is
the Chronicle prepared to accept the consequences of
its position? Is it ready to stand by the full Ameri
can citizenship of these islanders? Is it prepared to
support the proposition that they may freely come to
California, and. after the year's residence required by
our State constitution, go to the polls and vote?
Will it present proof and reasons for their fellow
citizenship? Did Dewey's guns, or the Spanish sur
render, or the treaty of Paris, or the military procla
mation of General Miles, give them that status?
Leaving this part of the contention for the more
mature rumination of the Chronicle, we go to the
verbiage of the resolution of our State convention of
i.SoS. It says: "In the event of the retention of this
foreign territory, it should be the policy of the
United States to extend to it the benefit of free com
mercial intercourse with all sections of the American
Union, and to that end the provisions of the consti
tution requiring that all duties, imposts and ex
cises shall be uniform throughout the United States
should be rigidly enforced."
It will be seen that, throughout, this is an advisory
expression. At that time the Republican convention
thought that "should be the policy."
The resolution did not say, "In the event of the
retention of this foreign territory it is the policy," but
that it "should be the policy." Who is to determine
whether it should be or not?
There is but one answer. No authority could de
termine it except the majority in Congress. * That
majority determined that for the present it should not
be the policy of the United States, and the California
members went with that majority of their part}*. The
Chronicle insists that they should have gone with
the Democratic minority, and this we deny.
The Republicans deny it with us. They also deny
that these islanders are our fellow citizens. They
deny that fellow citizenship has been conferred upon
them, either by treaty, by conquest or the automatic
vigor of the constitution. The Chronicle seems to
think that it fell upon them as a sort of political
shekinah and made them voters and their territory
inalienable except by a dissolution of the Union.
often develop into weak,
delicate, backward children;
undersized, neVvous, feeble,
tdufts. Lack of nourish-
nent is the cause.
is the remedy. A little of
c three or four times a day
.vill do wonders. The
pinched. ?ad faces become
-ound and rosy; the wasted
limbs plump and hrm. If
your baby is not doing well,
try this great rood-medicine.
VC dad Jt.oo, *a 4ru£giK*
ADVEBTISEBLENTS.
The traditional resting place of the remains of Ireland's patron saint at
Downpatrick. has recently been covered with a huge memorial stone weigh
ing about seven tons, taken from the mountain side of S.lleve-na-Largie On
the upper surface is carved an Irish cross with the name "Patric" in Irish
characters of the ancient Celtic form.— New York Herald.
THE GOVERNORS ON LEASING.
IT transpires that at the meeting called at Salt Lake
for the Governors of Colorado, Nebraska, North
Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming, Montana,
Idaho, Nevada". California, Oregon, Washington,
Arizona and New Mexico, only five Governors were
present. They expressed satisfaction with things as
they are on the ranges, and decided if there were any
change it should be by cession of all the public do
main to the States.
Since then there has been a further illustration of
things as they are on the range. Dr. Romine, a
sheepman of Chadron, Nebraska, drove his flocks on
to the range on the Wyoming line. He first pro
cured title to a homestead taken by an actual settler
in that region, and dug wells, put up windmills and
equipped a headquarters, and then followed with his
thousands of sheep, overrunning not only the free
range but the patented lands of others. One morning
last week this gentle shepherd awoke to find several
hundred of his best ewes too dead to skin, and sev
eral hundred more too sick to stand. The water had
disagreed with them. He cleaned the poison out of
his tanks and disinfected them. A few mornings
later he found his windmills all a wreck on the
ground. They had blown over and the auger-holes
m the posts showed the direction from which the
wind blew. He found also that all his wells had been
filled solid full of dirt and gravel.
The pasture in Southern Utah, once very fine, has
Judgment on a Note.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday gave judgment In favor of the
plaintiff for $6352 on a promissory note
in the suit of the Bullion and Exchanga
Bank vs. John H. Hegler.
Special information supplied daily t;>
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The shocking brutality which is revealed in the re
ports of the progress of British arms in Borneo tells
the story of what might have been the record of war
in South Africa if England had met a less formidable
foe.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Last
week of Spring Exhibition. Last concert
Thursday evening. •
Ought to BE Behind the Bars.
Livermore Herald.
The Call claims the existence of a ring
through which Chinese are not only be
ing brought Into the United States by
the hundreds in violation of the exclu
sion act, but are being made eligible as
citizens as well. If The Call's charges
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb atTovrnsend'i."
LADY GROOMS
A LONDON FAD
Lady grooms have made their appear
ance In London. They are the happy ex
periment of a riding mistress who believes
that horsewomen will prefer a companion
of their own sex to the discreet groom
who must always follow in the rear.
Fashionable English women view this
Innovation with favor. They declare that
it was lonely to ride with a groom lag
ging at a respectful distance. The charm
of the new woman groom is that she rides
beside her employer and acts as a com
panion and chaperon. She goes along prin
cipally for company. Her usefulness is a
secondary consideration.
The managers of the New York riding
academies laugh at the idea that the
London fad will come here.
E. C. yon Glllman. horseman and
teacher of the Central Park Riding Acad
emy., New York City, said:
"In New York there are women riding
teachers who accompany their pupils as
instructors, but not in the sense of
grooms. Men do not take a groom along
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 24.— W. C. Ralston
and G. W. Kline of San Francisco are at
the Waldorf. A. J. Moore, Sunday editor
of The Call, is spending a few days in
New York.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. April 24.— Mrs. H. Reed
of Los Angeles is at the Wlllard; Mrs.
F. W. Moore of San Jose, M. J. Davis and
wife and Miss Letitia Leonard of Sail
Francisco are at the Raleigh.
HOW TO LIVE LONG AND WELL.
DR. D. K. PEARSONS' of Chicago, described
as a "benefactor of colleges, who has given
away a millionaire's portion of his fortune,
eighty years of age, in sound health, and resolved to
live twenty years longer in equal good health." has
recently made public the S3'stcm by which he has thus
far managed to fulfill his desire of completing a hun
dred years of wholesome, hearty and happy life. »'
The doctor, we are told, lives in a house with seven
open fireplaces and sleeps in a bedroom with seven
windows, the lower portions of which are always
open. He rises at 6, breakfasts at 7, takes a half-hour
drive at 8, spends three hours and ten minutes at his
office, dines at 1, takes a nap for an hour and a half,
then talks, reads or drives until 6, at which time he
has a light supper, and goes to bed at 8. His pre
scription for long life is summed up thus: "Clock
work, clockwork all the year round; keep cool; don't
overload the stomach; breathe pure air, and lots of
it; eat a vegetable diet; don't eat late suppers; go to
bed early; don't fret; don't go where you'll get ex
cited, and don't forget to take a nap after dinner."
About the time the Chicago man was giving that
vegetarian advice in the city of the pork packers and
the beef trust, Dr. John Fiske, the robust and mas
sive philosopher of Cambridge, was explaining to
his friends in Boston how he manages to keep vig
orous and hearty in spite of years. He says: "Always
sit in a draft when I find one, wear the thinnest
clothes I can find, winter and summer, catch cold
ence in three and four years, but not severely, and
prefer to work in a cold room, 55 to 60 degrees.
Work the larger part of each twenty-four hours, and
by day or night indifferently. Scarcely ever change a
word once written, eat when hungry, rarely taste cof
fee or wine or smoke a cigar, but drink two or three
quarts of beer each day, and smoke a pipe all the time
when at work. Never experienced the feeling of dis
inclination for work, and, therefore, never had to
force work. If I feel dull when at work, a half hour
at the piano restores normal mental condition, which
is one more argument for the hygienic and recupera
tive effects of music."
. It will be perceived there are wide differences be
tween the methods of the Chicago doctor and offthe
Cambridge philosopher. The one lives on vegetables
and by clockwork, but he works only three hours and
ten minutes a day. The other eats irregularly, and
stimulates himself with beer, tobacco and music, but
he manages to work the greater part of the day.
"Fiske has won the greater fame in the world of
science and letters, but Pearsons has made millions
of money. The citizen who desires to live a century
may follow whichever example best suits his taste,
but none should attempt to mix the two. It would
be a bad policy, for example, to follow Fiske in the
use of beer and tobacco while adopting Pearsons' sys
tem of abstinence from work.
The Board of Public Works is still sorely dis
tressed by its effort to save Telegraph Hill. A pass
ing attention given to some of the neglected streets
of the city might relieve the mental strain.
ANSWEES TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TAME RABBITS— M. S., Monterey, Cal.
There are a number of dealers in San
Frar.cfsco who buy and sell tame rabbits,
but this department cannot advertise luch.
OLD COINS— M. P., City. No premium
is offered for a twenty-dollar piece of l£w,
a ten-dollar piece of ISI9, for five-dollar
pieces issued after ISJ4, a dime of ISG4 or a
half-dime of ISC4.
THE PRESIDENCY— J. G., City. There
is nothing in the constitution of the
United States which prescribes the num
ber of times one may hold the ottice of
President. One might hold the office as
many times as he i 3 elected to it.
CHINESE— N. N.. City. There la no rec
ord of the number of California natives
of Chinese parents who voted at the last
hell Presidential election in California. In
San Francisco there were eighteen sucti
who were registered. As those of Chinese
parentage who are entitled to registration
have never, as a whole, registered in San
Francisco, It is impossible to tell how
many there are.
RATTLESNAKE BITE— A. S.. City. la
case of a person being bitten py a snake
and there is no physician within call, the
first thing to do is to ha%-e some one vig
orously suck the wound so as to absorb
the poisoa and tie a tight bandage a little
above the bite so as to prevent circula
tion. The party bitten should be given
large and frequent drinks of brandy or
whisky, and if there is coal oil at hand
the wound should be bound with a piece
of cloth and kept moistened with the oil.
WHIRLPOOL— E. Jt; City. The largest
whirlpool is off the coast of Norway and
Is known as the mael3trom or moskoen
strom (whirling stream). The Norway Pi
lot, issued by the British Admiralty, says
that "It Is not advisable to attempt the
gassage of the moskoer.strom. which runs
etween Mosken and Helseggen. In a sail
ing vessel with light winds in summer
but with a steady breeze after several
days of fine weather there is no danger
at all In taking it. It is imprudent to try
and force a passage in or out in adverse/
CHANGE OF NAME— A. O. S. City
This correspondent writes: "When I was
7 years old my father obtained a divorce
from my mother, and I. being awarded to
his custody, lived with him until 11 years
cf age. Since have been living with my
mother, who in the meantime married
again. Can I assume the name of my
stepfather without my father's consent or
without an order of court? Should I. with
out consent from either, assume my step
father's name and marry under that
name, would the marriage be legal?" The
answer is that legally no one has a right
to change his" or her name except In th*
manner prescribed by law. and that Is by
applying to a court of competent jurisdic
tion and giving satisfactory reasons for
so doing. When obtaining a license to
marry the party applying for it must de
clare under oath that the names of the
parties for whom the license »s to be is
sued are their true names. To assume a
name without authority is wrong, and Xa
secure a license to marry under a name to
which one has no legal claim ia also a
wrong, and It \: a maxim of law that two
wrongs do not make a right.
A Chance to Smile.
Correct Diagnosis.
A certain eminent physician, "who is fond
of a bottle In the evenings, was recently
called upon to attend a lady of social
prominence just as he had finished his
second bottle. In feeling her pulse he
found himself unable to count the beats,
and in self-disgust exclaimed, "Drunk, by
Jove!"
The lady looked shocked and the doctor
took a hurried departure. The naxt morn
ing he received a note asking him to call
again, and he did so. much abashed for 1
his previous night's indiscretion. The
lady met him shamefacedly but cordially,
and, to his surprise, complimented him
on his correct diagnosis of her ailment on
the night before, observing: "I trust I
may depend on your discretion in the
matter?
The eminent physician, who had list
ened with growing wonder mentally, but
with an expression as solemn as an
owl's, replied: "Yes. you may depend on
me, madam: I shall be as silent as the
tomb."— Collier's Weekly.
• • •
A Matrimonial Report.
A Salt Lake City paper reports that a
tall, gaunt woman, with ginger hair and
a somewhat tierce expression of counte
nance, lately came to the County Clerk
of Moxelder County, In that State.
"You're the man that keeps the mar
riage books, ain't you?" she asked.
"Yes, ma'am," he replied. "What book
do you wish to see?"
"Kin you find out if Jack Peters was
married?"
Search developed the name of John
Peters, for whose marriage a license had
beeen Issue<l two years before.
"I thought so," said the woman. "Mar
ried 'Lize Waters, didn't he?"
"The license is issued for a marriage
with Miss Eliza Waters."
"Yep. Well, I'm 'Lize. I thought I'd
ought to come in and tell you that Jack
has escaped."
How His Wife Fixed Him.
A commercial traveler, whose wife is
one of those women who borrow trouble
indiscriminately, had occasion to make a
trip East recently.
His wife was very anxious about him.
and felt certain that he would fall a vic
tim to smallpox, which was reported to
be prevalent in the city to which he was
Koing. . She begcred him to c»rry a little
lump of- a^nfoctida in his pocket to ward
off contasion.
Naturally he objected, and positively re
fused to be made the permanent abede of
such a persistent odcr.
When -he came home from his trip he
said to his wife:
"It is wonderful, the power of the im
agination. Why. don't you know. I im
apined that I smelled asafoetida the
whole time I was gone.'"
"It wasn't imagination at all," quietly
replied the wily little woman. "I sewed
a bit of asafoetida in the corner of your
coat before you went away I"— Memphis
Scimitar.
What the Women Didn't Do.
Her Retort: "A lot of women love to get
toget>er and talk over a preat mass of
impracticable subjects." said Mr. Blykins.
"and then go home and leave the world
no better nor wiser than it was before."
"Yes," answered his wife, with serene
amiability, "sometime?! women do so. But
they didn't get up that Peace Conference
at The Hague some time ago."—Washing
ton Star.
are true, and there has been no denial
thus far. there are a number of high
toned Federal officials who ought to go
behind the bars for the rest of their lives.
The offense of Benedict Arnold pales into
insignificance compared with this trea
sonable conspiracy, and in fact it la so
bold and shameleess as to almost pa»»:»
belief, yet this country has been bp
trayed before by men of this ilk and.
possibly it has again.
as a friend, but as a servant. Women will
continue to use them In the same capac
ity. Should riding academies here at
tempt to furnish lady grooms there are
many women who might not care to ride
side by side with them and meet them on
terms of social equality. Women are not
so anxious to talk that they cannot go for
a canter without a lady groom with
whom they can carry on a conversation."
MESSENGER JAMES FRAXCIS SMITH LEFT PHILADELPHIA FOR PRETORIA OX APRIL 9. BEARING A
MESSAGE OP SYMPATHY TO PRESIDENT KRUGER SIGNED BY 28,000 SCHOOLBOYS OF PHILADELPHIA.
SMITH SAILED FROM NEW YORK ON THE SWIFT OCEAN LINER ST. LOL'IS APRIL 11. HE IS DUE TO SAIL
TO-MORROW FOR PORT SAID. HE EXPECTS TO ARRIVE IN PRETORIA NOT LATER THAN MAY 23 NEXT.
THE ABOVE CARTOON ILLUSTRATES HOW THE DENVER NEWS THINKS THE MESSENGER BOY WILL.
LOOK WHEN HE REACHES PRESIDENT KRUGER IN THE DIM, DISTANT FUTURE.
AN AGREEABLE OBJECT LESSON.
| \EPORTS that the Merchants' Association has
U-/ decided to sprinkle at its own . expense the
principal business streets of the city for w
period of thirty days or longer, by, way of giving an
object lesson illustrating the benefits resulting from
keeping down the dust, are highly gratifying. Object
lessons are not always pleasant. Sometimes they are
like bitter medicines, and teach wisdom by disagree
able processes, but the one proposed is commendable
and desirable in every way.
. Of course we would have had an object lesson on
the subject under any circumstances. Should there
be no street sprinkling, nature. herself with dust ani
wind would- raise an object lesson that no eyes could
escape. It would be an abomination and a nuisance,
it would injure stocks of goods, it would render the
streets disagreeable and make the city offensive to
every visitor, but it would teach its lesson thoroughly.
There would be no mistaking the dust and the wind,
and loud and long would be the complaints against
the authorities that left the people exposed to such
annoyance.
The object lesson given by the Merchants' Associ
ation will be unobtrusive. There will be no dust to
affront the eyes of people nor to damage the goods of
merchants, hence a good many unobservant persons
will probably never note the lesson at all. They will
go on their way unconscious of the fact that the
streets are being sprinkled, or even if they note that
much they will be unaware' that it is by private en
terprise and not by municipal administration the dust
is laid.
We ought fo profit as much by agreeable as by dis
agreeable object lessons. The sprinkling of the
streets by private subscriptions should impress us as
strongly as would the dust were the streets un
sprinkled. It should not be overlooked that the en
terprise of the Merchants' Association implies a lack
of adequate administration on the part of the mu
nicipal authorities. There is something wrong in a
community where private citizens have at their own
expense to sprinkle business streets frequented by the
community at large. It is pleasing, of course, to have
in the city men who are willing to undertake such
work, but it would be more pleasing to have a city
government which would not leave such duties to be
performed by private generosity. That is the true
moral of the agreeable object lesson the Merchants'
Association is to provide for us, and it should not
be overlooked by the public.
The bill posters of San Jose, who demand the right
to erect sky-scraping fences, insist that they are en
gaged in a lawful business. This is perhaps the first
contention that the hideous plays' a legitimate part in
the law.
JTHE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
been fed out, and the country is a desert. Hundreds
of thousands of sheep are being driven from that sec
tion into Idaho. The Governor of the latter State
has issued a proclamation forbidding them to set
hoof in his jurisdiction.
The Governors must be impressed by these mod
ern instances of things as they are on the free range,
enjoyed in common..
PRETORIA IN 1940.
®txe -rSgd^gN .Call*
WEDNESDAY. , APRIL 25, 1900
JOHN D. SFRtCKELS. Proprietor.
/ddress AH Ccrr.rr.un!c£t:on» to W. S. LE.AKE, Manager.
I'l/nLICATION OITICE..Market and Third. S. F.
TrlrpUttnr- Mala Ifititi.
r.niTon:.u, itocms....?i~ to 221 stev*n«on st.
Telephone Main 1874.
nrllTrred i»r Currier*. IS Cent* Per Weelc
itßjCfe Coplcn. 5 Cent".
Term* l«y Mall. Inclndlncr Postacet
TV TT..T ("ALL itadOfitOS Sunday ». one year..... JG.W
I^A'.UT CALL • Sncluflirr Sunday). « tr.ontii* 8.00
Ha:UT CALL. Sudsy). S month* 1.80
I>a:lT CALL— Hy Slr.j> Mcntfa We
EUNDAY CALL On* Year I.M)
V.< ;;KLT CALL Ot» Tear 100
All poklmuitcri are itnttinrlced 1o receive
• nburrlptlnm.
Earns!* ccr-le* w~i be forwarded when requested.
OiKLAMI OFFICE 1118 Drosdirar
C. GEORG£ KROGNESS.
f/anager Foreign Advertising, Marqueita BuldinT, Chicago!
iL<ccc Distance Telephone "Central 2615.")
NEW TCKK CGIiMESPOXDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NT TV TOUK KEPKESENTATTVEt
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building:
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sfcerm*n Hcusc: P. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
r.-*:ncnt Hcuze; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦Wajflcrf-Artnrta Hotel; A. Brentaao. 31 Union SQntx«:
liurray Hl!l Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
ORAKCH OFFICE*— I? 7 Mrr.urcmerr. wan 1 of Clay. cp*o
until 8:30 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 639
McAllister, rpen ur.tll 9:20 o'ciock. «15 Larkln. open until
»:S0 ©"clock. 1041 MlEs:on, cpen octtl 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, eor.fr Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109«
Valencia, cptr. cnt.l ( o'clock. 10S Eleventh, cpen until
It o'clock. NW. corner XwcntT-Mcood and Kentucky.
«~r*n until 9 o>leck.
AMUSKMFNIS.
"Cartaln Lettarblalr."
California— retschnikrff and Hambonrs, Friday afternoon.
Alrazar— "Quo Va<sl*. #>
Columbia— "The Floorwalkers."
Tlvoll— "The V.-ltard ?>t the Nile."
Grar.d ODera-hcu»e— "An Arabian Girl."
Oriili^um— Vaudeville.
Fischer* Concert Hcu»e— "La Travlata."
Olympia. corner Sl»;cr. and Eddy streets— SDeclalties.
Chute*. Zoo. ar.d Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon aad
¦er.irx.
Or.tral r»rk— -Gentry'* Trained Animal Show.
T. M. C. A. AuJito.rium — Lecture Thursday nl^ht.
Xl Campo— Dar.cir.p. bowlinr. fishing, etc., every Sunday.
Cl*>n I»ark— Orand cpenlnr Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— liares to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Emil Cohn— Thin day. Household Goods at 7 City Hall
fquare.
Uv Ohßj>e & aipnd^nhai;— Thursday. April 26. at 11 a. m.. at
1732 llark.-t ftr^et. H-rstf>.
ST. PATRICK'S GRAVE. I
6Bench Warrant for Crooks.
Robert" L. Crooks, a beneficiary in the
Crooks estate, failed to appear In Judge
Cabanlss' court .. yesterday and a bench
warrant was Issued for him. He was ar
rested In the beginning: of last December
on the charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses from Louis Joos, a saloonkeeper
in the Mission. He gave Joos a check for
$20 on the First National Bank to cash,
representing that he had money on de
posit there. He promised to repay the
money, but has failed to do so.
i> T oM DING ISS?S?£ ¦
They Have Captured the Town Solidly
MR. JAMES NEILL
And Hl« Really Incomparable Company.
-CAPTAIN LEITARBLAIR"
All of This Wetk and Saturday Matinee.
TfiUR DAY AFT7RN3QN at 2:15.
ONLT ONE PERFOKMANCE OF
"CAPTfIIN IVIFT."
Next Bttktiy NirM- Nat Godwin 1 * Greatest
Comedy Succe*>. "A GILDED FOOL."
CALIFORNIA_ THEATER.
FAREWELL CONCERT.
FRIDAT AFTERNOON, April -7th. at 1:15.
REMEMBER THE ftOUR.
PETSCKNIKOFF,
The Poet of the Violin.
< HAMBOURG,
The Tounr Siegfried of the Piano.
LACHAUM£,
DlEtinruished Cctr.:y>»er and Planirt.
A MOST REMARKABLE PROGRAMME.
Reserved Seats. ;oc, $1, J. 50. NOW ON SALE
Et the Box Office.
"A WEALTH OF FUN"
EVERT KIGHT THIS WEEK. INCLI'DING
PUNDAT. MATINEE SATfRDAT.
WARD FUN
? ?^rti> prices
YOKES $ ,:00.
40 People. „,£&-.
In Their So Funny
THE FLOOR WALKERS.
PHONE MAIN 532.
CROWDED EVERT NIGHT.
LAST WEEK of Our New Tork Extravaganza
Ccmyany In.
AN ARffiiAN GIRL
OR ALI BABA AND THE 40 THIEVK&
TUTS EVENING.
NEW FONGS. NEW SPECIALTIES.
NEXT WEEK-'TN GAT NEW TORX."
Adaiticnal New Fac-*.
USUAL H)PULAR PRICES.
Gr>r>4 Reserved Seat In Orchestra at Eatur-
_ay Matinee. _^.
Branrh Ticket Office. Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAT <WEDNESDAT) April 25.
Parqutt. _Sc, any seat; balcony. 10c; children.
3 r c, any part.
FINAL WEEK.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
In Conjunction with ORPHEUM STAitS.
I :<-.l V HELL; RAE k BROSCHE: MLLE. j
» PROTO; MILDRED ETOLLER; MARZEL- i
LA; GVITANOS; FALK; SEMON; BELL-
MAN: MOORE: DUNCAN.
_____ , __ j
AM 1 A VYIZ? ~YOU BET I/M
SECOND WEEK OF THE ENORMOUS SUC-
CESS.
The Superb Comic Opera,
The Wizard
of the Nile.
E»rr.:nfi at S. Matinee, Saturday, at 2.
POPULAR PRICES. Be and 50c.
Telerihcne Bueh 9.
V FO RTH A D LAST WEI.
MATING S4TCRDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MX" WfcEK-"?UE."
OLYMFIA c % D « D . r M 226 n
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITT.
ROM^LO BROTHERS.
The Wor;_'i Gre_t»*t Head-to-Head Balancers.
THE BLACK BARTONS,
K.:.g and Queen of Colored Comedians.
MLLE. THELMA
In Pc*ea Plastique.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT.
MATINEES EVERT SC.VDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION . .FREE!
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1800-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
APRIL SI TO MAT 5, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racine Monday, Tues<_ay, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Ratn or shine.
Kive or more ra.cec each day.
Races st_rt at 2:15 p. m. Kharp.
Ferry-_c*t» leave 6an Francisco at 12 tn. and
12:3 U. 1. l.Ji. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecUnj
-rlth tratn- st.,p;>in» at the entrance to the
tracic La.t two cars on train reserved for
la-ie- and the'.r escorts: no srooklnc. Buy your
ferry ticit«t» to {-hell Mound. AM traica via
Oakland nioie connect with San Pablo avenue
electric car* at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda rooie con-
nect with San I'ab'o avenue ran at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These el»ctrle ears
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
IU-tuminp-Trains i-ave the track at <:1_ and
CCS p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THCMAP I!. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
n. B. MILROT. Secretary.
CENTRAL PARK JSSh A S.
LAST WEEK
GENTRY'S WORLD'S GREATEST '
TRAINED ANIMAL SHOW!
OfiA — WONDERFULLT TRAINED — QAA
OUU_ AKD EDUCATED ANIMALS—^"^
A Mort [oterc-tlnc and ReSned Entertainment.
Performance* 3 o'clock afternoon, 8:23 at night-
ADMISSION— ChiIdren 10c. Adult* 25c.
WeeMF Call $1.00 BBr v Yfisr
¦into Moliere's plays that in which Oreon
discovers the perfidy of Tartuffe repre
sents nigh comedy at its b<?st.
Mollere was not a moralist or a reform
er. He took life as he saw it. He did not
pretend to teach. The mean or gross mind
will rind it easy to reflect itself In "Tha
bchool for Women' or in some of the
farces of which "3ganavelle." -Monsieur
oe 1 ourceaugnac" and "Les Fourberies d«
Scapln"' (The Rogueries of Scapin) are
examples. Only the narrow-minded or the
prurient can discover dislike of true re
iglon in "Tartuffe," or Immorality— that
Is. the intention to be immoral— in any
other of the comedies. Shakespeare as a
poet U as immeasurably above Moliere as
he Is above Corneille and Racine. But as
a writer of delicate comedy, of manners
and character skillfully arranged. Molier.*
is beyond all writers, including even tha
author of "Much Ado About Nothing"
and Lope de Vega himself.
!n 1*62. the year after the performanco
of T^he School for Husbands," Mollera
married Mile. Bejart. On February 17.
1673. while acting in "Le Malade Imagi
nalre," he was taken ill. He hid his Illness
from the audience; death was near; a
hemorrhage could not be stopped, and
that night he died.
The most brilliant of the contemporaries
of Moliere were Pierre Corneille and Jean
Racine. They were not great in cornedy —
though Racine wrote a clever comic play,
"Les Plaideurs" (The Pleaders). They re
main, however, the greatest of French
writers of tragedy. Their names would
have been sufficient to make a literary
epoch. The greatest dramas of Corneilla
are "The Cid" (lt£7>, suggested by and
partly borrowed from the Spanish of De
Castro: "Horatii" (Les Horaces), produced
in 1639; "Cinna," his masterpiece, accord
ing to the French, and "Polyeucte" (ls4o>.
The lesser works are "Rodogune." "The
Death of Pompey," "Nicomede." "Don
Sanche," "Sertorlus." "Otho" and "He
raclius." Corneille made comedy possible
in France and revived tragedy. It has
been truly said of this Imitator of Roman
writers of tragedy that "his heroes are all
demi-gods and his heroines, except Chi
mene and Pauline, all men."
Corneille and Racine were rivals. Hen
rietta of England asked them to write
"Berenice." Racine carried off the palm.
Corneille was Roman. Racine Greek.
Their gen!us was so different that each
must be Judged by Himself. Racina
touches the heart: he does not, like Cor
neille. keep us above the ordinary feel-
Ings of humanity. Hi 3 "Andromaque"
(lijSD made an epoch as "The Cid" had
done. In "Britannlcus" Racine is strong
in the Greek sfr.se, revealing great psy
chological strength without physical real
ism. He takes us to the court of Nero,
but he avoids the horrors which the Latin
historian Suetonius and the modern ro
mancer Slenklewicz have inflicted on us.
In "Eajazet" he parted for a time from
his Greeks to return to the Romans in
"Mlthridatus." In "Iphigenia in Aulls"
("Iphigenie en Aulide ') and "Phaedro"
("Ph«dre") he reached his most glorious
height.
The court circle was narrow In the reign
cf Louis XIV, and then even great poets
bloomed or drooped In the smile or frown
of the King. The King, led by a cabal
against Racine, frowned, and the poet
gave up the stage, retiring to the society
of his wife and children. But Mme. da
Malntenon. the King's wife, wanted a
play In which love should have no part
for the young ladies of her school at St.
Cyr. On request. Racine wrote his great
pieces "Esther" and "Athalie," both sug
gested by the Old Testament. "Athalie"
MOLJERE
was founded on "Ion," a tragedy of Euri
pides; but when Racine borrowed he re
turned the loan with more than compound
interest to humanity.
Regarding ttie effect of the performance
of "Esther" at St. Cyr. the charming
Mme. de Sevigne says. In a letter to her
daughter, written on February 21. 1659:
"I cannot tell you the extreme beauty
of this piece. It Is a performance not
easy to represent and Is inimitable. It is
the union of music, poetry, singing and
character so perfect and complete that
there is nothing we wish to alter. The
young ladies who represent kings and
great personages seemed to be born for it.
Everything is simple, innocent, sublime
and affecting. I." continues Mme. de Se
vigne. "was delighted and so was the
Marshal de Belleiond. who left his seat
to tell the King how glad he was to have
a place near a lady so worthy of seeing
'Esther.' The King approached our seat
and. having turned around, addressed
himself to me. 'I am told, madame, that
the piece has pleased you.' I answered
with perfect self-possession: 'Sire. I am
delighted; what I reel is beyond the power
of words to describe.' The King contin
ued: 'Radne ha« great talents." 'Sire, ha
has indeed, and so have these young per
sons. They enter Into the matter as If It
were the sole employment.' 'Ah. that Is
very true," he rejoined. And then he re
tired, leaving me the object of universal
The great Louis had spoken, for in that
golden age kings were more than men of
genius; but now we remember the "sun
king" principally because the men of gen
ius he reigned over help us to forget his
arrogance and vlclousness.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900
Mondays— American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
Hay. 31, 1900. Examinations will be
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates.
historian and brilliant maker of maxims,
and Mme. de Sevigne (1627-36), whose let
ers are models of brightness, sympathy
and of the power of drawing character.
There are many other names that add to
the glory of the epoch called the age of
Louis XIV (163i>-1715>, Just a3 we speak of
the "age of Pericles," "the age of Augus
tus," "the age of Elizabeth." But the
splendor of the flashing constellations dim
by contrast stars that would be great
alone.
Moliere (Jean Baptiste Poquelin) must
be classed among the constellations. He
assumed the name of Moliere after he had
become an author. Of his youth — and. In
deed, of his later life— all sorts of stories
and calumnies were current, for his pen
made him many -enemies. He was born
at Paris, January 15. 1622. His father was
an upholsterer at one time. Later he as
sumrd the personal service of the King.
At the age of 14 Jean entered the Jesuit
college ot Clermont. In Paris— he owing,
like Voltaire, who records this, his train
ing in rhetoric and philosophy to the dis
ciples of St. Ignatius Loyola. Some time
about the year 1641 he took to law. What
ever pl?e he cid between this date and 1659,
It is 'certain that he was a strolling actor
and a hard student. The Italian and Span
ish comedies— to which Mollere owed
much— were not included in the courses of
the Jesuits, though the Latin comedies of
Terence and Plautus were not unknown
names. Moliere studied the art of acting
from the strolling players, who were then
looked upon as outcasts, and the science
of constructing dramas from the Italians
and Spanish. It was a similar combina
tion of genius and knowledge, with theat
rical experience, which made the plays of
Shakespeare more than beautiful dramatic
poems— ln fact, acting dramas.
Moliere was permitted by the favor of
Louis XIV to establish himself and his
company of players in Paris. Before the
year 1620 there were no "stock companies"
in that city. Pierre Corneille had, about
1630, written some farces which gave a
theatrical troupe an opportunity. Cardinal
Richelieu recognized the value of the
drama as a civilizing process and brought
the play of manners— which is called in
France a comedy— into fashion. The pic
ture of the disappointed tragedian In "Cy
rano de Bergerac" will give a clew to the
condition of the drama In the time of
Richelieu. Having employed his hand
for some time in adapting from the Span
ish and Italian farces, Mollere. in 1659.
produced "Les Precieuses Ridicules."
The "precleuse" was what In England was
later called a "bluestocking.'
As time went on the lovers of ultra-re
finement In letters and ultra-senslbllity
In life became more and more absurd.
But when Moliere's "Les Precleuses Rid
icules" (The Absurd Bluestockings)) ap
peared, "predeuse" became as ridiculous
an epithet as "esthetic" Is now, and both
meant about the same thing. All Paris
laughed. A new master of comedy had
arrived, but there were still touches of
the farce, of distasteful exaggeration
about Moliere. Comedy pure and simple
without the farce element was demanded.
The methods of Moliere continued to Im
prove until they reached their height in
r 'The Misanthrope," "The Doctor in Spite
of Himself" and "Le Tartuffe." These
are true comedies of manners and the
best of all his delightful plays, though
there are critics who will raise their
voices for "The Pretended Gentleman" —
how else shall I translate "Le Bourgeois
Gentilhomme"?— and still others for "The
Hypochondriac" and "Le Maladle Imaff
nalre." In 1665 Louis XIV. who had al
lowed his company to call Itself "the
King's," bestowed a pension upon Moliere.
While Cornellle and Racine were rivals
and had rivals— Voltaire (ICM-1775) later
wrote tragedies— Moliere "had no rival but
himself. He stands alone: he was really
the Investor of comedy pure and simple.
Like Shakespeare, he borrowed his plots,
and even some of his episodes, from the
Italians and Spanish: the dramatic move
ment, the presentment of character, the
laughter, the tears, are entirely his. He
saw deep Into life and he drew pictures of
what he saw. and those amusing: trifles
which seem exaggerated when presented
by him are even drawn from life. "The
chief character In "Le Bourgeois Gentil
homme" Is astonished to find that he has
been speaking prose all his life. A refer
ence In the letter of Mme. de Sevigne,
dated June 12. 16S0. shows that the orig
inal of this character was not a pretended
gentleman, but a noble, the Count de Sols
sons. The letters and memoirs of the time
are evidences of the appreciation In which
Moliere was held and of his faculty of
using the details of daily life in his com
edies. "Tartuffe." a satire upon religious
hypocrisy, raised a storm only equaled by
that which broke out after ,the produc
tion of "L'Ecole dcs Fcmraes (The
School for Women). It Is difficult to
understand why "TartuCfe" should be
considered a blow at religion, and
only persons whose consciences were
more concerned with the externals of
religion than the spirit could have thought
It so. It was natural enough that the
friends of the Abbe de Roquette. who It
was supposed was the object of Moliere's
satire, should have resented the Insinua
tion. But it was probably the enemies of
Roquette, afterward Bishop of Autun.
who pointed out where Moliere's arrow
ought to have struck, whether It was
aimed that way or not. "Tartuffe" Is a
comedy of character as well as manners.
It ranks in this respect with "L'Avare"
(The Mister) and "Le Misanthrope."
"L'Avare" Is a reminiscence of Plautus,
but an Improvement on the" Latin poet.
It has been asserted that Moliere In "The
Miser" shows too much tolerance for av
arice — he merely makes us laugh at it It
is quite enough to be grateful that he has
made us laugh with a harmless laughter
which will go on for a long time to come.
Increasing the merriment of nations. The
situations and even some of the lines in
"L'Avare" have been copied so often In
modern farces and comedies that now,
when we read the scene between Harpa
gon and his cook, it seems "full of quota
tions." "Les Femmes Savantes" (The
Learned Ladles) will always be a favorite
but probably of all the episodes introduced
CASH orCREDIT.
Furniture, Carpets, Mattings,
ETC.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN ALL LINES
It will pay you to Inspect our etock
an<l prices.
Estimates slven on complete house
furnishing.
Goods delivered free within 100 milee.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
NEAR POWELL.
Open Evealr.fi.
SCHOOL BOARD'S
SUBTERFUGE HAS
BEEN UNMASKED
Easy Way of Dismissing
Teachers Declared* to Be
Illegal.
Although Classes May Be Abolished
the Heads Must Be Given Em
ployment and Their
Salaries.
R. H. Mitchell, recently teacher of
physics in the Polytechnic High School,
has won his suit against the Board of
Education. A writ of mandate has been
ordered issued by Judge Hunt. On the
points Involved the court has established
a new precedent which will hereafter gov
ern the board in its efforts to reduce the
force of teachers by declaring certain de
partments and classes abolished.
Mitchell was appointed to the second
ary substitute list and assigned to the
Polytechnic High School in the capacity
stated on August 25, 1597. On January 12,
IS9S, the Board of Education adopted a
resolution that Mitchell be elected to the
head of the science department of the
Polytechnic High School. Subsequently
Mitchell was transferred to the head of
the science department of the Lowell
High School. This position he filled until
March 31, 18S3, when he was relegated to
the unassigned list without pay. On May
10 1539, in accordance with a resolution
adopted by the board, the position of the
head of the department of science of the
Lowell High School was abolished.
The .Board of Education sought to de
fend its action in removing Mitchell by
citing a resolution adopted May 10, 1899,
to the effect that the rule of seniority of
appointment should not apply to the re
moval of teachers of high school?.
"From facts adduced at the trial,"
Judge Hunt's opinion reads, "it appears
that plaintiff's removal was not prompted
by any considerations of economy, as the
result of reclassiflcation or rearrangement
of classes in the high school, so the ac
tion could not be Justified under the rule
previously mentioned. The excuse was a
mere pretense, because after plaintiff was
discharged another teacher was selected
in his place. In my opinion plaintiff was
a regular teacher in the department and
as such regular teacher the board had no
power to dismiss him except for insubor
dination or other causes, as prescribed in
the code. My conclusion, therefore, is that
while the Board of Education had author
ity to abolish the position of head of the
department of science of the Lowell High
School It had no right to remove the
plaintiff from the department and deprive
mm of both employment and salary. The
plaintiff is therefore entitled to a writ re
storing him to the position of a regular
teacher in the high schools of this city
and county."
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
All Kinds of Craft Ready to
Join in the Rush to
Cape Nome.
Yachts, Coasters, Ocean Steamers and
ex-Transports Will All Carry
Gold-Hunters to Frozen
North Next Month.
The time Is drawing near for the exodus
of the Cape Nome fleet, and every wharf
from Melggs to the Mail dock has one or
more craft alongside fitting out. Every
class of vessel ever seen In the bay of San
Francisco will be represented in the rush
to the gold fields. The ex-transports Zea
landia, St. Paul, Senator, Ohio and
Charles Nelson will be the contingent
from the ocea.n-going fleet, several ships
are on the berth and almost every bark,
barkentine and bri? that can be pressed
into service will carry freight and pas
sengers. Schooners are going north by
dozens, and half a dozen yachts have been
fitted out and some ot them are now on
their way to the Alaskan Ei Dorado.
'lhe rush to Nome tnis year is soinjr to
rival the great stampede to tne Klondike
in 1*97. At the present time it looks as
though there win not be enough vessels
in the trade to carry all the gold hunters
who wish to reach tne new treasure fields.
Close calculators say that aU.uw men will
attempt to reach Nome this season, while
there is only transportation lacillties for
2u,uw. No wonder, then, that every vessel
on the berth has every inch of room taken
aiready, although it is yet two weeks ana
more to sailing time. Around about May
15 there will be an exodus of gold hunters
from this port such as has never been
seen before in the history of California.
Blowing Up of Shag Rock.
The work of removing Bhag Rock from
the bay of San Francisco is nearing com
pletion, -ana the bla.-st that wili destroy
the well known landmark will be fired one
day next week, .bitty-four holes nine feet
apart have been bored in the rock, and
into these charges wnich will aggregate
eight tons of nuruglyoerin will be placed.
The explosion that will follow the netting
off of this charge is expected to reduct?
bhag Rock to i>o\vder. Ine contract calls
for thirty feet nf water on the spot at low
water, but the contractors say that when
they are through with the job there will
be from thirty-live to forty feet where
Shag Rock now rears its ugly head.
A Chapter of Accidents.
Mary Denny, an old woman from West
Berkeley, fell dov.-n some steps in Smith's
cash store yesterday and broke, her right
arm. She insisted upon following the
clerk into the cellar, and missing her foot
ing fell. The old woman is a well known
character in the college town. She is re
puted to be very wealthy. Gossip has it
that she carries several thousand dollars
In gold about her person. Yesterday she
refused point blank to be undressed and
put to bed. Her arm was set and then
she started for home.
P. Labaceathad his leg broken on Union
street wharf and was attended by Dr.
Hopper at the Harbor Hospital. He was
trucking some merchandise from a ship's
side and one of the cases fell on his leg,
fracturing it.
W. H. Hubbert, a painter, fell down the
forward hatch of the steamer Irrawaddy
and sustained a fracture of the back, be
sides internal injuries, from which he will
probably die. Hubbert tripped over the
hatch combing and pitched head foremost
into the hold. He was attended to by Dr.
Putnam at the Harbor Hospital and later
was removed to the French Hospital.
Water Front Notes.
Governor Gage paid a visit to the water
front yesterday. He was received by Com
missioners Kilburn, Harney and Herold,
and with them inspected the many im
provements now going on. The Governor
expressed his approval of all that was be
ing done.
There Is to be quite a shaking up among
the officers of the Pacific Mail Company.
All those who hold an English certificate
are to be sent to the Algoa. and that
means promotions for several others. The
Algoa will be turned over to the Mall
Company to-day or to-morrow, and her
crew will then leave for England. The
Lascars who now form the majority of
the deckhands, firemen and oilers will be
sent back to Singapore, their places being
taken by Chinese. On her departure next
week the Algoa will fly the Mail Com
pany's flag and will have a set of Mail
Company officers.
The tug Richmond brought over the
rails for the car line on Main-street wharf
from Point Richmond yesterday. She
made the run. towing a barge. In a few
minutes over an hour— a splendid showing.
The Call's
Home Study Circle
A GOLDEN AGE IN FRENCH LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by
Seymour Eaton
Metal rustic Initials or name stamped in
gold leaf free of charge on all leather
Roods purchased at Sanborn & Vail's, 741
Market street, ; ;\ .•
Camera Club Lecture.
John P. Clum will lecture on Friday
evening before the California Camera
Club at Metropolitan Temple. "In the
Wake of the Setting Sun" will be his
subject.
Stanford Camp Delegates.
The Leland Stanford Camp No. 2, Army
and Navy Republican League, has elected
the following named delegates to the
convention of the California League of
Republican Clubs which will meet at Loa
Angeles on April 27: Colonel M. S.Black
burn. Colonel W. C. Alberger. Adjutant
General J. Murray Ballev. Hon. Frank
McGowan. General R. H. Warfleld. Major
J. H. Simpson. Captain William Irelan.
John Heffernan. John Hope. Phil M. Bel
ton. Captain Joseph Graham, Bert F.
Miller. \V. H. Dibble, W. J. Alexander. R.
E. Whitefield, R. M. Deverell. C. Rhodes.
R. H. Bicrelow. H. T. Hobart. J. J. Holt.«
lander, Fred H. Heltler, P. 11. Hartman.
T. J. Kearney. S. W. Knowles. John Me-
Kee. R. H. McPhearson. E. L. Meriman.
J. B. Mulcahy. G. Molitore. J. A. Ply
mire. Perry M. Archibald, William Rud
dick, J. C. Bowels.
Ireland and the Irish.
Dr. Clampett, the new rector of Trinity
Church, will deliver an illustrated lecture
next Friday evening before the Young
Men's Christian Association on "Ireland
and the Irish." One Hundred dissolving
views will be thrown upon the canvas.
This will be the first time Dr. Clampett
will give this lecture In San Francisco.
A Pugilistic Beggar.
Harry Farrno was sent to the County
Jail for six months by Judge Conlan yes
terday on a charge of battery. He had
been importuning E. C. Ferguson, 48 Sev
enth street, for small sums of money, and
when he met him Monday he asked an
other loan, Ferguson having given him 50
cents a few days before. Ferguson re
fused and Farrno hit him on the jaw, cut
ting open his cheek. ¦> v
Yosemite Season Open.
The Big Oak Flat and Yosemite Stage
Company has established its office In San
Francisco at 630 Market street and ap
pointed as agent William J. White, who
haß been associated with the Wabash and
other lines for years. Mr. White states
that the waterfalls are now at their high
est, the 'scenery most beautiful and the
roads In excellent shape. The changes
made in the Big Oak Flat toll road are
very gratifying, the road now leading di
rectly through the Big Trees, doing away
with the necessity of extra side trips. Pas
sengers leaving here at 8:30 a. m. reach
Yosemite at 5 p. m. the day following.
LITERARY WOMEN MEET
IN SOCIAL SESSION
Pleasant Gathering Yesterday After-
noon of Pacific Coast Women's
Press Association.
The Pacific Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation held a social meeting at Century
Hall yesterday afternoon. It was well at
tended. The programme was a very en
t«rtalnlnt; one. Mrs. Charlotte Perkins
Stetson delivered an address. She told of
her own literary efforts in this country,
Canada and England and spoke also rc
?ardin? the matter that coes into the col
umns of the. ordinary daily newspaper.
Miss May Thomas sane. Miss Edith An
gus Barthyto recited, Mesdames A. W.
Trr.esdcll c.nd Elizabeth Dohrmann read
poems and Mrs. S. E. Reamer, the presi
dent, made a few remarks..
Seriously Hurt by a Fall.
Miss Mary Mclntyre. an elderly lady
living at 120 Silver Btreet, slipped on the
sidewalk at Washington and Dupont
streets yesterday afternoon and fell. She
was unable to rise, and when taken to
the Receiving Hospital It was found that
her left leg and kneecap were fractured.
Santa Cruz Bond Case Reopened.
A dispatch was received from Washing
ton yesterday stating that the Supreme
Court of the United States had granted a
writ pf review in the case of Albert H.
Waite against the city of Santa Cruz. The
suit was brought to recover the value of
city bonds and coupons held by Waite.
They were known as the water bonds, and
the city repudiated them owing to irregu
larities. The case was decided in favor of
the plaintiff, but the decision was reversed
by the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals.
WARREN TO TAKE
OFFICERS TO MANILA
Headquarters Third Artillery to Be
Transferred From Angel Island
to, the Presidio.
The Warren will be the next transport
to sail for Manila, and she will carry a
number of ofllcers returning from sick
leave and a corps of surgeons. Among
them will be: Major Charles L. Helz
man, surgeon U. S. A.; Major Edwin F.
Gardner, surgeon U. S. A.; Major F. J.
Combe, surgeon U. S. V.; First Lieutenant
G. A. Skinner, assistant surgeon U. S. A.;
First Lieutenant Benjamin J. Edgar, as
sistant surgeon U. S. A.; Acting Assistant
Surgeons Frank R. Maura and Albert L.
Mlllen; First Lieutenant Carl R. Darnall,
assistant surgeon U. S. A., and Acting As
sistant Surgeon Randall C. Stoney. Sev
enty-five hospital corps men will make up
the medical fcrco on the Warren.
Major Philip Harvey, surgeon; Major L.
H. Rucker, Sixth Cavalry; Captain West.
Sixth Cavalry, and Captain Alift. Third
Artillery, have been appointed a board to
meet at the Presidio on May J for the pur
pose of examining b number of veterinary
eurgeons.
Several changes in the trcops at the
Presidio will be made in the very near
future. Two troops of the Sixth Cavalry
will go to the National Park reservation,
the headquarters of the Third Artillery
will be changed from Angel Island to the
Presidio and the home battalion of the
Fourteenth Infantry will arrive from Ma
nila.
AN ABSCONDER FROM
ST. LOUIS ARRESTED
Elmer L. Scheetz's Trip to Cape Nome
Postponed to an Indefinite
Period.
Elmer L. Scheetz, alleged to be the ab
sconding manager of an employment
agency In Bt. Louis. Mo., was arrested
here yesterday by Detectives Whittaker
and Crockett. He Is wanted In St. Louis
for grand larceny. He was known here as
William A. Prince.
A few days ago Captain Seymour re
ceived a dispatch from Chief Campbell of
St. Louis to arrest Scheetz. He was taken
Into custody there last November and
Jumped his bonds. The detectives found
that Scheetz had purchased a one-third
Interest in the schooner Louisa D, now
lying at Mission street wharf, ana was
to sail for Cape Nome with her to-day.
They arrested him as he was going into
a freight office at 632 Market street. Chief
Campbell was notified of the arrest and
will send an officer for Sheetz.
! NO MORE DREAD OF THE
DENTAL CHAIR.
\ TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
FOLT/TKLY TTITHOCT PAIN*, by our late !
I -elenilflc method applied to the gums. No !
I eleop-pirxiuclnK apents or cocaine.
; These are the only dental parlors In Ran !
j Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES !
I end ingredients to extract, fill and apply -zA\ I
¦ trown* and porcelain crowr.i undetectab> frsnj .
: natural t»»eth. and warranted for ten y^are. '
! WITHOUT THE LEAST TAIN. Full set of ]
t»»th J5, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
' Gold crowns. J5. Gold fillings. «. Silver fill-
in*-. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
Ti£TP r 'f from 1_ to 20 years' experience, and
' each department In chanre of a specialist. Give
j us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
iac we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work, will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street, S. F.
HOURS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE..' PORTLAND
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., enred by
ESPICS CIGARETTES, or POWDER
FirU. J. ESPIC ; Hnif Ttrk, C. rOUOE&A *CO
SOLD BT ALL. URUOtiISTiL
«| PP nntf I I Corner Fourth and
CfiFE ROYAL WMM
! Will U lI V 1 Ilk. r e overcoats and
Vallsej checked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
12M:< O'FARRELL STREET.
E. A. FISCHER. Prop. I GEO. MOOSER. Mirr.
THE HA.TD3OXE3T KUSIC SILL 15 AMERICA!
...WEEK C#- A MIL 23...
Entire Change of Programme!
LA TR AVI ATA
(CA.MILLE)
GREAT LOMBARDI OPERA QUARTETTE.
B:S>"CE BADAKACCO EI-SORA BAEDUCCI
EI-SOSIHAfOLLETmi EIQHOEIMA P?£BERI
EESCR VARGAS BIONORINA BALVINI
MISS ULLfAN SHPRWUD.
AUGUST HINRICHS' SUPERB ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION. 10 CENTS.
CHUTES ANDZOO-^sßSr
EVANS & MAITLAND. DAVENPORT SIS-
TERS. JONES. DAVIS & HEARD, ALICE
RAYMOND. EDWARD ADAMS. THE HEW-
ITT P. MULLEN &. WARD, MOVING PIC-
TURES.
TO-MORROW NIGHT THE AMATEURS AT
THE HANDICAP.
CAKEWALK CONTEST SATURDAY NIGHT.
Order Seat- by Phone. Park 2S.
GLEN PARK.
GRAND OPENING SUNDAY. April «3
TUNNEL DAY!
THE SLIDE FOR LIFE.
MAMMOTH VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
BALLOON ASCENSION.
San Mateo can or Mission »t. can, via the
Bosworth «t. tunnel.
10c— ADMISSION— 10c.
STUDLNTS' LECTURE COURSET
APRIL 26th, 8 P.M.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
LAST LECTURE I
rev. James McDonald.
"-TO-AJN" OIF 1 ARC."
A-mlsalpn £0 cents. Tickets at Elder & Shep-
hard'a.
SOME OF THE CAPE NOME FLEET READY TO SAIL
SITUATION IN
THE PHILIPPINES
"WELL IN HAND"
War Department Announces
Organized Resistance
at an End.
Secretary Root Regards as Favorable
the Outlook for the Ultimate
Pacification of the
Islands.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The military
situation in the Philippines, as shown by
the latest mall advices received at the
War Department, is summarized in the
following statement, which was made
public to-day at the department:
On the let of January, 1500, the insurrec
tion in the part of Luzon embracing the pro
vince of Manila and the provinces to the north
of It had collapsed to the extent that or
ganized resistance to American control had
virtually ceased. A different state of affairs
existed in Caylte. Batangas. Lancuna and
Tayabasa. the provinces lying immediately
south of Manila. In this territory, the richest
and most populous of the island, the birth
place of Agulnaldo and the rebellion, the in
surgent troops were still Intact and in fact
had been strengthened by accessions from the
north and as regards equipment, discipline and
cohesion were equal If not superior to any that
had been raised in support of the insurgent
cause. General Otis committed the taelc of
the destruction and dispersion of the forces
within this district to two expeditionary
brigade*, commanded respectively by Briga
dier Generals Wheaton and Schwan.
In and about the two towns of Bacoor and
Imus. tn northern Cavlte, there were and
long had been insurgent bodies of considerable
size, tome of which had actually beslejed our
garrisons in those towns. These insurgent
bodies General Wheaton's command attacked
and completely routed on January 7 last. Fur
ther disintegration of the remnants of this
force— giving it. so to speak, thi "coup de
prace"— of suppressing the insurgent troops
in the remainder of the four provinces and
of restoring, if practicable, peace and order
therein, fell to the lot of General Schwan's
brigade.
In the course of its campaign hiß troops cov
ered C',o miles, fought thirty-three combats and
established permanent garrison* i:i twenty-one
towns with this district. It set out on Janu
ary 4, and its work was practically finished
on February 8. Not that all hostilities had
ceased; on the contrary our troops have had
and fctlll have frequent conflicts with the robber
bands that were lormed from the disintegrated
Insurgent armies, and emerged periodically
frnm their hldinc places tn mountain and
thicket to pounce upon inadequately guarded
wagon trains and small parties. Hut concert
of action or co-operation, save on a very lim
ited scale, was ended on the latter date; the
control exercised by *ie insurgent leaders, ex
cept over their small immedlal-3 following, was
minimized and their power for mischief mate
rially reduced, if not wholly broken. In the
principal towns or centers of trade and munici
pal government, military forces, generally
battalion*, have been placed. These forces
operate within their spheres under their ma
jors, for the most part energetic young officers
holding lesser rank In the regulars, and when
ever necessary to co-operate under their colo
nels for the battalions of a regiment, are
grouped in neighboring places.
On the whole, the outlook for the pacifica
tion of this district and other parts of Luzon
Is favorable. In their conflicts with our troops
the Ladrones are universally worsted. Their
defeats will become more serious as our troops
gain the confidence of the intelligent and
property-owning class, and when the latter be
come unwilling to submit to the robbers' ex
actions and become willing to guide our troops
to their retreats, their doom will be sealed.
To accomplish this object may take time and
It Is possible some of the robber bands may
be able to maintain themselves during the
coming wet season, but their eventual destruc
tion is regarded as certain.
GOLDEN AGES OF* LITERATURE.
XVII— MOLISBE AND THE AGE
OF LOUIS XIV.
BY MAURICE FRANCIS EGAX, LL. D.
The name of Louis XIV. with whom the
Caesarism of the Bourbons culminated,
recalls not only the splendor and
vicicusness cf his court, the garish mag
nificence of his palace of Versailles, the
bravery of his generals, but several names
of great men of letters whose fame would
live even if the "sun king" were forgotten.
These are Moliere. "the prince of com
edy, 1 , 1 as Sir Walter Scott calls him; Ra
cine (1639-99). Cornellle (1606-S4). writers of
tragedies not second to those of Euripides
and Sophocles; Bossuet (1627-1704); Fene
lon (1651-1715), the most eloquent and cul
tivated men of their time, whose glory has
not been dimmed by succeeding time; La
Fontaine (1621-53), "the flower of the
French spirit, with the perfume of an
tiquity," whose fables have become part
of the household language in every civil
ized country. There are. too, Boileau
(1636-1711). the master of exquisite satire
and the mentor of stylists, and Descartes
( 1396-16"*)), whose Influence as a philosoph
ical investigator has been so powerful:
Pascal (1623-62). a scientist with an ardent
imagination; La Rochefoucauld (1513-S0),
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJITTBEMENTa
THE SAX FBANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25. 1900.
THE HEALTH HABIT.
Just es Easy to Form as Any Other.
We do not deliberately form our pet
habits, but they are unconsciously ac-
quired and grow as we crow. and by the
time we learn they are hurting us, we
find them too strong to be easily broken.
Then, why not form a good habit, a
habit which will counteract the many bad
ones. In other words contract the unfash-
ionable habit of being always well.
The best health habit to get into is to
rnve and keep a vigorous stomach: if you
have a healthy digestion you can drink
your beloved coffee, smoke your favorite
brand of tobacco, with little or no harm;
the mischief begins when these things are
forced upon the faithful stomach, without
any assistance.
Form the habit of taking after mea'.s
som* harmless but efficient digestive
which will relieve the stomach of so much
extra work.
Nature furnishes us with such digestives
and when they are combined In such a
pleasant preparation as Stuart's Dyspep-
fia Tablets, they give the overworked
stomach just the necessary as. c lstance to
Ffcure perfect digestion without any of
the harmful effects of cathartics and sim-
ilar drugs'.
The habit of taking Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after meals is as necessary to the
weak stomnch as food Itself, and Indeed
to pet the Deneflt from food eaten, noth-
ing better and certainly nothing safer can
be used. •
Many families consider Stuart's Tablets
ai> ettential ir. the house as knives and
ioiks.
They consist entirely of r.aturai digest-
ive principles without the effect or char-
acteristics of drugs: they have no cathar-
tic action, but simply go to work on the
fond taten and ci'gest it.
Take Into account your bad habits and
the expense they entail and then invest
fifty cents In a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets .'ird fee if your digestion" for the
next month is not vastly Improved.
Ask the clerk in any drug store the
name of the most successful and popular
• tomach remedy and he will say "Stu-
art's."
MAKES YOU STRONG.
KNOCKS OUT PAIN.
fiß\ Every movc-
-j^^J 7^J*v merit of the
body, every ef-
yglgLß^^gs?^ is a d/aw upon
§&§s£ Fst&K ncr v c Power.
fin&^iM^kJ Mental tension
V^^^fic^M or wear ancl tear
wilTf\fHly oi life with ? ut
__^a_r cor r e sponding
1 " 4 " f^Jr recuper ation
i\j, f W >N break down
JD jh th c strength.
m) V\ That tiring, lo\v-
f / ering back pain
m£^ \ J shows weakness
>iAJ^ | of the central
«»* J "* i c_» muscles. This
affects the action of the kidneys. Put on
one of my ELECTRIC BELTS and it
will save you a lifetime of suffering. You
quickly feel the exhilaration, and the
work goes on till the cure is complete.
OLEANDER. Fresno Co.. Cal., April 21, 1800.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin— Your Beit v an
right af a remedy. I have rained . fifteen
pounds since I put It on. I have no regret*
that I rot It, and shall certainly recommend It
to other people. J. T. PUTNAM.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
70S -t-rht St.. Cor. Kairn-, 8. T.
7
PIERRE CORNEILLE,LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . May. July.
Opening ?... B 8% S SVi
Closing ;....:. •.;..;... 6 9 5 BA4
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec
Opening .". 20 25 2173
Closing 20 30 21 S5
Flour-
Opening 26 80 2g 70
Closing 26 90 2S 71
Available Grain Supply,
NEW YORK, April 24.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
ehojv the following changes in available sup
plies from the ylast account: .
Wheat, United States and Canada," east of
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 24.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 6% days from Port
land, via Eureka 22 hours.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Nopander. 63 hours from
Santa Cruz Island.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 43 hoars from Port
land, via Astoria 38 hours.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. 13 hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Sehome, Peterson, S days from New
Whatcom.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen. 3 days from Coqull!»
mVer - CLEARED.
Tuesday. April 24.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, Saa Pedro; Ooodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Clan Galbraith. Barksr, Queenstown;
Eppinger & Co.
Bark Edward May, Eansen, Honolulu; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Br bark Inveresk. Hughes, Queenstown; Gir
vln & Eyre.
Schr Lulsa D, Green. XJnalaaka; Hawkeys
Prof pectine Co.
Schr Aloha, Fry. Honolulu: Williams, Dl
mond St Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 24.
Stmr Prccreso. Zolllnz. Tacoma.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, Rockr>ort.
Stmr Aberdeen, Higsins. Seattle.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brideett. Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Noyo. Fosen. Fort Bragg. ¦
Stmr Aloha. Jortensen. Crescent City.
Bktn J L Eviston. Wtrschuluelt. Seattl*
Schr Lizzie Prlen. Hansen. Coqullle.
S.'hr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, Hana.
Schr Albion. Goodmansen. Bandon.
Schr Impossible, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 24. 10 p m.— Weathe*
hazy: wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
March 14. lat 55 S. lon 63 W— Br ship Hutton
Hall from Orr2i>n. for Cjueenstown.
March TJ. lat 13 S, lon 31 W— Br ship Pen
thesilla, from London, for Port Los Anseles.
DOMESTIC PORTS
EURsSKA— Arrived April 24— Stmr Despatch.
Sailed April 24— Schr Mary Dodge, for Hono
lulu: 3tmr Fulton, for .
EOWENS LAN DlNir— Arrived Acrll 24— Stmr
Navarro. hen<-e April 23.
FORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 24— Br
bark Mountstuart, from London: Br bark Bat
tle Abbey, from Falmouth. and proceeded to
Seattle: schr Novelty, from Kahului.
Sailed April 2S— Schr Azalwa. for San Pedro.
In port April 24— Br bark Elizabeth Nichol
son from Port Blakeley. for Shanghai.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 23— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skasuay; U S stmr Rosecrana, for
Valdez.
Arrived April 13— Stmr Golden Gate, from
Sltka.
FORT WRANGLE— Arrived Aorll 3— Stmr
Ella Rohlffa, h»nce March 27. April 14— Ship
Llewellyn J Morse, hence March ».
PRINCE WILLIAMS SOUND— Arrived April
7— Stmr Pacific, hence March 23.
KARLUK— Arrived April 2— Stmr Thistle, hnc
March IS.
I-ORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 24—
Stmr Sequoia, from Fort Bragg, and, sailed
°PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 24— Schr Spo
kane, for .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Acrll 2t— Schr Lucy, for
Tort Blakfley; ?ehr Annie Larsen. for Tacoma
REDON DO— Arrived April 24— Stmr Sequoia,
from Port Los Angeles. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIMERICK— Arrived April 23— Br shit. Kirk
cudbrightshire, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 17— Stmr Tacoma.
for Tacoma.
Arrived April 22— Br stmr Strath*yle. from
San Dletro: Br stmr Abergeldle, from Oregon
ACAPULCO— SaiIed April 23— Stmr Acapul
co, for San Francisco; stmr San Bias, for San
Francisco.
OCEAN STF.AMERS
BOSTON— Arrived April 24— Stmr Sardinian,
from Glasgow.
GLASGOW— SaiIed April 24— Stmr Belpravia.
for Hamburg, via Cherbourg; stmr Kalserin
Maria Theresa, for Bremen, via Cherbourg and
Southampton: stmr Curie, fop Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 24 — Star
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH— SaiIed April. 24— Stmr Patri
cia, from Hamburg; for New York.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Arm 24.— There were indica
tions of soir.e large operations on the Stock
Exchange to-day and the market seemed to be
under manipulation for the purpose of facil
itating them. Yesterday's late show of
strength found a resrx-nse In the London mar
ket this morning and prices of Americans were
well advanced before the opening here. Lon
don bought quite freely ir. this market after
trading commenced. But it quickly became
manifest that yesterday's rally in prices was
largely due to the demand from the short
Interest. After the opening Fpurt buying
Quickly fell off and prices fell back while the
market became very dull. The pool opera
tions to Missouri Pacific, which were a prom
inent tactor in yia^erday's rally, came to a
«.jp .:.,-».:: and ttu»t mock fell back. The
room-u»d<*rs turned to the bear eide and
¦worked for a reaction. The vigorous attack
on Baltimore and Ohio and Reading first pre
:»irred <auw-d declines of 3% and 3% respect
ively, and broke the whole list quite eharply.
But at the decline very large buying de
veloped again for Loth accounts, all offerings
fee-rig freely absorbed, apparently with no de
*=ire to advance prices. A very characteristic
luuvemer.t in Sugar indicated the periodical
punishment to the shorts In the stock. After
a preliminary drive which carried the price
to 104^» tlie stock gradually ehot up in the
last hour to 111/ i». The scramble of the shorts
to cover helped on the rise and enormous
blocks changed hands. People's Gas at the
same time rallied 2 points and the whole list
vas more or lee* affected. Feverishness in
Fupar and one or two relapses elsewhere gave
a bilghtly irregular tone, but the closing was
generally firm and at small net changes in the
majority of stocks. Dealings in the steel in
dustrials continued large, but the price move
ments v.eie unsensaiiunal and the changes
email. The short Interest continued to cover
In ts.e group or. a large scale. Some of the
recent deiiiand for exchange Is reported to
have been for investment, and bills bought
for this account would come on the market
at or near the gold export point. But the
general opinion is that gold will ehortly go
out, ji-s discount rates continue to harden in
London arid money rates to decline in New
York. Already money rates are lower here
and higher in London than in June last when
$2<i,oOU,uuU went out iti payment of Spanish war
claims. The demand sterling at that Ume did
not rise above $4 6^>4, compared with $4 (>SV»
this morning. The Bank of England wajs then
bidding l%c higher for American eagles and
»af allowing interest on gold transit, which
It seenje not disposed to do now. Notwith
etandins the prevailing ease of money rates
the surplus reserve* or New York hanks are
lower than usual at this period of the year,
and the use of the money continues active
in the interior. The recent supply to the mar
ket Srora the sub-treasury on account of the
j>ayment of bond prembuaa cannot continue
Indefinitely. Should it be interrupted while
gold exports are making inroads upon the
«ur|i!us of the t>anks the effect on money rates
would rieceMiarlly be promptly shown.
Weftern New York und Pennsylvania gen
eral 3s and 4s rose 3 and then reacted 2. The
bond market generally wan rather weak.
Total Kales, par value, $2,2^0,000.
United States reminding 26. when issued,
the i> and old 4k declined 14 in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
.I l^ StocK- "BIS 1 *
7,050 AicMsoa ...: 255»
2<).6»5 Atcluson prefd tj9
21.520 Baltimore & Ohio Is 3
Canadian Pacific %
Z2Z Canada Southern j^
6,tiO i'hesaix.ake & OhiJ 3094
860 Chicago Great Western 1334
10.&60 Chicaso. Huriinptoi. & Qulncy 125
2,2 M Chicago. Ind & Louisville "... 25
CM Chicago, Ind prefd 56%
112 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 100
ZW Chicago & Northwestern IC2
4,t>.',5 Chicauo, Rook Island &. Pacific 108%
2,160 C C C & St Louis 60%
ZOO Colorado Southern <j'
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4;
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16%
1.400 I>e!aware & Hudson Ils'
7<X> I>e la ware, Lackawanna & Western.. l 76%
C2i> Denver & Hlo Grande 20
212 Denver A Rio Grande prefd 71«4
ISO Erie 134
3.335 Erie Ist prefd SS',
Great Northern prrfd 157
Hocking Coal j—4
1,r,n0 Hooking Valley 4vf*
100 Illinois Central 114%
;00 lowa Central 17>i
100 lowa Cfr.tral prefd £2
Kansas City. Pittsburg &. Gulf lg
«10 Lake Kr'.e & Western 31 U
Lake Trie & Western prefd 95
Lake Shore 205
5.178 I<otil9>ville * Nashville il'i
7,080 Manhattan Elevated , 93%
S.S2B Motrnjiolltan Htreet Railway 15S
COO Mexican Centra! 1374
<00 Minneapolis & St Louis £3%
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — 1 $4 S.'>Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars 45% 49
Wheat and Other Grains
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal at rates
quoted for some time past. The chartered
wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage
of 30.2C0, against 4000 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 5700 tons, against 33,800;
on the way to this port, 179.230 tons, against
172.000.
WHEAT— Futures opened wpak. but recov
ered. Spot prices were unchanged.
Chicago was dull and not materially changed.
The weather was favorable for the growing
crop, except in the Northwest, where It was
dry. Offerings were liberal.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 933i@95c; milling,
96%©97% C.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $1 02^; 4000, $102%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 93c; 2000, 93% c;
December — 1000, $1 C 2%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2o.oo
ctls, $102%; 16.000, $1 C2»4: 4000. $1 02*6; 12,000,
$103- 14.000, $103%; May— 2ooo, 93% c; 4000. 93% c.
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls,
$1 03%; 10,000, $1 03V*.
BARLEY— The market stands about the
same, being dull. ,_.,^,-. . «
Feed, 72%Q75c for No. 1 and e^^.Oe for off.
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77%@
85c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
71c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctls, 75c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The demand for black naa fallen off,
and the market Is quieter again.
White. $1 loiiH 30; Red, 95c@$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%«fl ir.; Black, $I@l 05.
CORN— The market continues in good tone,
with light offerings and a fair local milling
demand. Eastern White is quoted at $1 02%©
1 07% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 1501 20
per ctl; mixed. $1 12%fgl 15 per ctl.
RYE— 9sft 97%c per ctl. There have been re
cent free sales In the Interior for Port Costa
d BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40{f3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2."»@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. *2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, 52 60;
Oat Groats, $4 M): Hominy, $3 25(fT3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4fi4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 25,
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6W7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $D; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Bran- is lower again. Middlings are
unchanged. New Hay is looked for almost any
day now.
BRAN— SI 2 T,O(<XU 50 Der ton.
MIDDLINGS- sl7ij2o per ton.
KEKDSTUFFS-Ilotled Bnrley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26<g'27; Jobbing,
$27 50fj28; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$25; Cracked Corn, $25 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7iS9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
$6 &o@9; Oat, $6@B; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, $6<B!
STRAW— 2SQ3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
•Beans and Seeds continue dull and un
chansed. ]
BEANS— Bayos, $3ff3 25; small White, $3 25©
3 50; large White. $3 2003 25; Pink. $2 2310-2 90-
Red, $3fc3 SO; Blackeyc, $« 50; Butters, nomi
nal: Lima, $5 26; Pea, $3 4U@3 50; Red Kidneys
$3 f»o@4. • '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4%©4?4c; Flax, $1 90*32 20; Canary
3'ic per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Tl'mothV 9 f©4%c UaPe# 2H ® 3C: HemP> 4m^ C 
DRIED PEAS^-Nlles, $1 90@2 25; Green. $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potntqes are firm. Red Onions are weak and
declining, though receipts are not heavy. Sup
plies of Vegetables are ample for all needs.
Receipts were 714 boxes Asparagus, C5l boxes
Rhubarb, 816 sacks Peas and 378 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 40® 70c per Back- Ore-
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, April 24.— The grain and pro
vision markets were quiet but firm to-day,
wheat closing higher, corn He to %c
Improved and oats U@V*c better. Cables were
a strengthening factor. Provisions closed 7%'(f
12% c over yesterday. It was a placid, un
eventful middle-of-the-road sort of market In
wheat, not seeking to take spoils from any
body, but rather seeking to persuade the
mighty bulls and the growling bears to He
down together and be good. Considerable
swapping of May for July was done. The cash
business was not large. An incident of the
day was the heavy shipments, 478,000 bushels,
making shipments from Chicago for two days
SCO.OOO bushels. The sustaining Influences of
the market were the steadiness of Liverpool in
face of the decline here, the corn strength and
a lack of new bearish news. The weather was
all that could be desired by the farmers, mild
temperatures over the growing belt and show
ers where needed. May sold from 64* t ig647ic
early to 65Uc and closed U6?ic over yester
day at ejVtc; July from 66% c to 6634^j66}gc and
closed ?»c up at 6614 c.
Corn was quiet and strong, the most Im
portant market on the floor to-day. Cables
were strong and more rains caused appre
hension of delay In planting and moving re
serves. The beet item of the day was the
renewed export business which developed,
probably as a result of the .recent decline.
Considerable May was liquidated, but not on
a sufficient scale to depress the market. The
cash business was about 200,000 bushels, of
which r.lne loads were sold for export.
Th 3 oats market was firm, but trade was
dull. May closed H&Uc up at 22% c; July,
U*jVic up at 23"iC'23i,ic.
The provision market was quiet and rather
irregular. The opening was at prices over yes
terday's closing figures, but a small decline
followed because hogs were ea«y at the yards.
The decline met good buying and the mar
ket reacted, closing firm. May pork closed
10c over yesterday at $12 75; July closed 7%c
Improved at $12 70: May lard closed 10c better
at $7 02%: July closed 7%c up at $7 10; May
ribs closed 10c higher at $6 92%; July, 10@12%c
better at $7*87 02%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows
Flour, steady. No. 3 spring wheat, 62%0
64*; c; No. 2 red, 69569% c. No. 2 corn, 38',ic.
No. 2 white catF, 26>4c; No. 3 white, 26Vi©26%c.
No. 2 rye, 54%^ 56c. No. 2 barley, 40(&44c. No. 1
flax seed. $1 73. Prime timothy need, $2 35.
Mess pork, per bbl, $11 £5@12 60. I^ard, per 100
lbs, $6 85Q7 05. Short ribs sides (loose), $6 80©
7 05. Dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%57c.
Short clear sides (boxed), $7 40@7 60. Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal., $1 25%. Su
garB — Cut loaf, 6.00 c: granulated, 5.44 c.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shipm"ts.
Flour, barrels 22,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 47,000 488,000
Corn, bushels 190.000 874,000
Oats, bunliels 144,000 482,000
Rye, bushels 6.000 1.000
Barley, bushels 81,000 17,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 13%©17% c; dairy
12>/afcls%c. Cheese, steady, 10®12c. Eggs-
Fresh, nrm. 10% c. ,- -'*.'..
200 Minneapolis &St Louis prefd 95 I
33.755 Missouri Pacific 66%
100 Mobile & Ohio 44
2'JO Hissourt. Kansas & Texas Jl I*.1 *.
l.&OO Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 35^
2.400 New Jersey Central ll'JV*
4.044 New York Central 133**
E.4M Norfolk & Western Zihk
1,050 Norfolk & Western prefd 7S
8,400 Northern Pacific M%
1,015 Northern Pacific prefd "i^t
6,050 Ontario & Western , 23
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Orejron Ry & Navigation prefd 76
14,810 Pennsylvania 135
2.100 Reading 19
110.450 Reading Ist prefd 59
2.600 Reading 2d prefd 3O"i
Rio Grande- Western 83»6
Rio Grande Western pr*fd S7^i
ICO St I^ouls &. San Francisco 10S
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 6S
150 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd SoH
400 St Louis, Southwestern ll^i
1.000 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 30
12.625 St Paul 119
St Paul prefd 1724
St Paul & Omaha 119
17.570 Southern Pacific 2~M
2.941 Southern Railway 13^
2.E75 Southern Railway prefd E7ifc
1.400 Texas & Pacific 19
20.1<v) Union Pacific 56H
2,500 I'nlon Pacific prefd 75
200 Wabash T&
2,050 Wabash prefd 21% i
300 Wheeling & L E 10%
L«SQ Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 28 7 i
1.000 Wisconsin Central 16%
Express Companies —
Adams 120
American 116
110 United States 48
WellF-Farpo 125
Miscellaneous —
34-"> American Cotton Oil SSVL
100 American Cctton Oil prefd 96
American Malting 4
American Malting prefd 21
2.600 American Smelting & Refng -3?
300 American Smelting. & Refng prefd.. BSS
Amerir-an Spirits 2"-i
American Spirits prefd 17
1,025 American Steel Hoop 27T4
1,100 American Steel Hoop prefd 74
16.f.55 American Steel & Wire 41H
S.2SO American Steel & Wire prefd 79V t
1,410 American Tin Plate 27
100 American Tin Plate prefd 76%
SOO American Tobacco 102%
3<XI American Tobacco prefd 135
2,!>t.1 Anaconda Mining Co 45 T 4
19.H» Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74
3.200 Colorado Fu<*l & Iron 41« i
2,175 Continental Tobacco 29"%
727 Continental Tobacco prefd 80\i
11.7W Federal Steel 41 T i
1.490 Federal Steel prefd f,9%
2.2 r 1 General Electric 137
520 Glucose Sugar 4?%
Glucose Sugar prefd 95
400 International Paper 21%
110 Interr.atlonal Paper prefd 64
B'»s Laclede Gas 6S
National Biscuit 22%
National Biscuit prefd 84
National Lead 22«-i
National Lead prefd 104%
1.400 National Steel 36>i
National Steel prefd 90
New York Air Brake 125
W) North American 14"*
100 Pacific Coaft R7'-.
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2 "
Pacific Coast 2d nrefd 61
100 Pacific Mall 32%
21,700 People's Gas 104V4
PresFPd Steel Car 4S
110 PreFped Steel Car prefd 82
200 Pullman Palace Car 184
Standard Rope & Twine fi
51,475 Sugar 103%
Susar prefd m
1.800 Tennessee Coal & Iron S37£
2,435 United State* Leather 10"^
3;J) United States Leather prefd 70
1,000 United States Rubber 33
3*2) United States Rubber prefd 9fi'4
1.470 Western Union SIU
400 Republic Iron & Steel 17%
400 Republic Iron & Steel prefd firt
P C C & St Louis 60
555 Third Avenue 108%
Shares pold
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refdg (when ! Do 4s 931,1
Ifsued) 102UJN V Cen lsts 110%
Do 2b reg 99\i:S J Cen gen 5s 123'
Do 3s reg 108% IN Carolina 6s 127 Vi
Do 3s coup lU3^. Do 4s ioC'a
Do new 4s reg...133 jNorth Pac 3s ft I,*1 ,*
Do 4b coup 134 Do 4s 1044
Do old 4s reg 114 iN V C & S L 45...106>,
Do 4a coup 114 Nor & W con 4s 9714
Do 5s reg ll^^i Do gen 6s 134
Do 5s coup 113V4 Ore Nay lsts ]0S
Dis of Col 3.655. ..121 j Do 4s 10414
Atchison gen 4b...100H| Do Short Line 65. 127 V
Do adj 4s 83"ii r>o con 5s 11414
Can South 2ds 107 (Read Gen 4» ssv*
Ches & Ohio 4^s.. 99 JR G West lsts 99
Do 5s 120V4 S L & I M con SS..UOU
Chic &NW con 75. 142 ; Do S F Gen Gs I' 4
Do S F deb 55. ...122 :St Paul con .'.l72'i
Chicago Ter 4s 96*41 Do C & Pac lsts 12o'
D& R G lsts 104 ! Do 5s 122
Do 4s 99«4South Ry 5s 112%
E T V & G Ut5...102</j Standard R & T 6s. 71(4
Erie Gen 4s 73V4 Tonn new set 35... 95Vj
FW & D C lsts... 71 ;Texas & Pac lsts..Ho>4
Gen Electric 55.. ..117:^ rj 0 2 ds 60
Gal H & S A 65. ...107 ;Unlon Pae 4s. 105 H
Do 2ds 110 jWabash lsts H7*i
H & T Cen 5s 111% j Do 2ds 102
Do con 6s ...110 jWest Shore 4s 11314
lowa Cen lsts 113Vj,Wis Cen 15t5.:.... 9i«i
X C P & G lsts.... 73!»iVa Centuries 81>a
La new con 4s 107 | Do deferred 5
L & Nash uni 45...1<W4 Colo & South 4s 83H
M X ii. T 2ds 6S'i South Pac 4s £3
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 13 Ophir 55
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 15
Gould & Curry 20 Quirkellver prefd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcross... 30; Sierra Nevada. 40
Homestake 50 00: standard 3 70
Iron Silver 68 1 Union Con ...... 22
Mexican 27|Tellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — .Union Pacific £«
Call loans a%«4V4 West End 9314
Time loan 4 {jps Wia Central .. 16^4
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F 25H!Atchison 4s 100
AT& S F prefd... i| ;N X Gas&Coke ss. 68
American Sugar. ..Vu*i\ Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd.. .ll'">'.i Adventure 4«
Bell Te1eph0ne.... .333 AUouez Mln Co \K
Boston & Albany.. 243 Amalg Copper 9l'
Boston Elevted 144 Atlantic .' 24
Boston & Maine.. .l9l | Boston & Mont... 305
Chro. Bur & Q — 12.". .Butte & 805t0n.... 71
Dominion Coal 44^1Calumet & Hec1a..745
Dom Coal prefd. ...116 ICentennlal 19
Federal Steel 4114 iFranklln 15
Fed Steel prefd 70 illumboldt 75
Fltchburtf prefd 133 |Osceola ....; " C6'4
General Electric. .l37^4 l Parrot nil
Kd IClec 111 2O. r . jQulncy .'."*138
Mexican Central.... 13M:Panta Fe Copper.. 5
N E Gas & Coke... IS iTamarack 155"
Old Colony 207 "Utah Mining ; 30
Old Dominion IStilWlnona jt^
Rubber 33 lWolverines '. 40
A r £i 0 York Moncv Market,
NEW YORK. April 24.— Money on call steady
at s@2tt per cent; last loan. 2% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4@o per cent. Sterling
exchange easier, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 SBVi'i?4 88H for demand and at
$4 84H94 84»» for sixty days; posted rates
$4 Ss©4 K9. Commercial bills, $4 84V-. Silver
certificates, r,9%;«j6oHc. Dar silver, 59% c. Mex
ican dvllars. 47% c. Bonds — Government, weak;
State, inactive; railroad, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 84.— T0-day** »tate-
3vi-'in"x V) «-t». W4ej K>- ""*• *lf" # J*Sr
B'Vett! Vhtt-. b}4e p-r »-t,- &, I]-**.:* "£
U-bt ' U wttii white. I2'4^; >2«. M-«»«- w "' »- t
¦whit". Uttfll eolorM. W fit«h«T.
San Francisco Meat Market
ThT» his r*Ti 'no ehnnt* In tb» vr\r* ft
nothing ttit n w^»- ""*' ftS*™ 1 in "* ht
rrrpij.f mit thf «th»r d-sorit-Uc.n* »r« torn*
MUTToy-Vv^therpJ^^Vif-; -w... *%&>; per
piif'K-f.tve H '•*¦•, RlO«M tnr small *nd
fe?'lern. 5% r dh^c; iiretf* It"**. TU*-'*r.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AVl\M> 21
Flwr 'ir f»k-».... 3»,»''< Onlf.n*. »k» «7
«Vri"y, etl< ..... l.l*> MUi'Mngn. *k* .. JO
Om» ctln 1.3)0 lf«y, tr.rm 2«
Cnrn! Ctifl f) Ptraw. f>n» 4
Ry^etu mn-u. »-«*• J«
ButUr 'tis W Win", an ¦ «•?•/»
Tallow, ftla ZiOI.-a'W rolli 1 ... M
Kee*. <Vi *I,W qT J |,k.ilv,r. tinkm V,
p.iK«r. bhl» 75, Mm». MAi 27}
Puenr, sk« 9™ »'»1««. bndls »»
Potatoes, ski .... 1.562 IU61; M)
onr/iou.
rioiir. qr »k5..,. »l^ Wool. btlM ...... i
Potatoos, ski .... 1.425
gon Burbanks, 60-aoOc; New Potatoes, IfIIM
ONIONS—New Red, $1 tW2 25; Australian,
$S«10 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb, 4'ict?st per box;
A«parn#us, CoCdsl per box for No 2 nnd ft 2"W
1 s') for No. 1 and $1 71J3J2 25 fnr fancy lnrKPj
Green Pens, 75c&$l zr> per sack for comtnnn and
$1 R0 for. Garden; String Beans, 4'B*7<: for JX'B
Angeles and SftlOo for Vacavllle; Morse Uwinn,
75c per sack: Cabbage, tOOSM) Tomatw!". H'f
1 75; Brjc Plnnt from LO3 Angeles. : l'tleJ
Okm, 32'4e per lb; Garlic. Zijio; Green pppper«
from I»s Angeles, l«1?15c; Dried Pepperi", Bit
10c: Carrots, gii'Q'ZJJc per sack; I>ofl Angles
Summpr P«iua«>h, fl 25 p»r box; Cu«lfliper#, 3Jc
©$l per dozen; Marrotrfnt B'luash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game
rtecplpts from th«* Eost are running unusually
light this week and the iimrkPt Is flrrri In con
seo,u*>nce. Prices show imms rhnnuet.
POULTRY — Live Turkey*, 11U12C for G-^h
blem and lUtfHe fnr Hpiis; Oe»s», p»r pair,
$1 75iJT2; Oozing*. $2 20«?2 E0; Ducks, $« tMH M
for old and $M? 7 for young : Hen*. $? W'tt" sft;5 f t;
Young HoopUts, JO BdOf J Old lloonfrn. f* 2W
4 l>0; Fryers. $;» BO«r. : nr<ili*r«, Was for larK»
and $2 BOOS 60 r->r ptnall; Plß»oti*, $1 75-fJ 2 per
dozen for old ami $1 ?809 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is quotPtl vrry sternly and some rr»>nni-
erles ari> bringing over tlie quotations. CbMM
is also fairly sternly. !
Kggs continue firm and another frnrtlnnnl nd
vance Is noted. Storks are considerably lighter
than they have been.
BUTTER—
Croamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds. H
@lt>V6c .
DiUry— Fnncy, 16c; good to choice, W4<fsK\i>!i
common, 14c.
CHEESE*— NOW, "Vj^So; Tounir America. fCt
BHc Eastern, le^Kc: Western 15'til'jo v«r ll>,
EGGS— Quoted n.t 14O1&0 for store and Wit
17c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Strawberries show little change and clean up
well at the fair prices. Cherrle* are weak un
der increasing receipts, though arrivals sell off
well.
Oranges are slowly accumulating «galn.
Lemons are steady. Limes art* dull and weak.
Pineapples are lower. •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLKS — 75c<352 per box.
STRAWBI3KIUES— S2 5035 per chest for large
and STWIO for small berries. Receipts were
339 chests. Blackberries from the south, .
CHERIUKS— GOc&SL 25 per box for common
red and white and $1 20t12 for black. Receipts
were 446 bo\*s.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 2S^2 75
per box; Seedlings, 75ciT$l 75; Lemons, $l'tfl 60
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, -$4#4 5O; Bananas, $1 25'tfa W
per bunch;' Pineapples, $3 50*y4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisitis.
Dried Fruit Is quoted excessively dull and
prices show considerable change, generally
downward. The coast supply of Prunes Is re
duced to 250 or 300 cars, not a heavy stock for
this time of the year. Other fruits are well
cleaned up. Honey is steady. There have been
recent sales of carload lots of Peaches and
Evaporated Apples at sc.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 3*ic for
40-50' s, 3%c for 50-60' s. 3>ic for 60-70's, S'fj.S'ic for
70-SO's, 2%©3 c for SO-90's and 2Vic for 90-100's;
Apricots, 9liloc for Royals and lOfollc for
Moorparks; Peaches, 4^if}sc for Standards, 5c
tor choice and 6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10fi
12>^c; Evaporated Apples, sH@6c; Sun-dried, 3'a!
4c per lb; Pears, 3%«i4Vic for dark and 7'«-8c for
bright halves; Black Figs, l?*!S/2c; White Figs.
2Ci3c; Bleached Plums, 7' /3 c; unbleached Plums,
6c for pitted and l%c for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's —Fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice, &c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb., B%c; choice, 7Vic; standard, 6Vjc;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, s'/ic;
3-crown, 6>ic; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 SO per box: 2-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Walnuts, S@9c for standards and
9(5 10c for Hoftshells; Almonds, 11%@120 for
paper shell, 93! 10c for soft and 4 / gsc for hard
shell. Peanuts, 5%^6%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts. i^S-Sc. Filberts, 12®
12'4c. Pecans, ll@l3c. Cocoanuts, $4 50Q5.
HONE I*— Comb. ll l^@l2c for bright ami 10^1?
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%i,c: light amber extracted, 7V*ffl7'.ic; dark,
5Va r a6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers are now quoting a quiet market, and
thgre is little or no talk of an advance.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14',ic for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13V4@14c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl- extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork $14 50® 15; extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 oO;
Smoked Beef. 12%015c per lb.
L4KD— Tierces quoted at 7®Sc per lb for
compound and hV<i9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure 9Vic; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. lO'.ic.
C'OTTOLENE— Tierces. per lb; half
barrels. iVub^c; 10-lb tins, BKc.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
'Wool Is coming In very slowly, and going
out with even more slowness. In fact, there
Is no demand at all. Hides continue dull and
weak, with accumulating stocks. There Is ab
solutely nothing doing- In Hops. .
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands s<?ll
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOiillc; medium, 3 Vic; light, 9ff94c; Cowhides,
St'SVic; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, B®9V4c; Calf, lfc;
Dry 'Hides, sound, 18@19c; culls and brands,
15c; Dry Ki:> and Veal, le^Hc; Dry Calf. li)'ff
2uc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool, Z'<!>i<oi>c each: medium, 70<fj90c: long Wool,
Jl'n 125 each; Horse Hides, $^ 25*3 3 for large
and $1 25«J1 75 for small; Colts, 25@-50c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red bkins. 40c; fall or meUl
um skins. 30o; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c: medium, 2Gc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, Sigs'ic per lb; No.
2, 4'rflVie; refined, 6'ic; grease, 2',iQ3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16(fjlSc; Northern defective, 13*J
16c; Middle County, free, lS'gHc; Middle
County, defective. 13ttl5c; 'Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12fil4c; do, free, 7 months', 12{Jlic;
do, defective, 7 months', 10<gl2c; Humboldt and
Meniloclno. 20®23c; Nevada, 16®18c per lb.
HOPS— 639c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6^*96^o; Wool Bags, 2S!^@32^c;
Fleece Twine, 7^c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6 60; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $S; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13 20 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 lbs.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $I@l 60; To
matoes, 75c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 4Cg3 for
black and white; Peaches, $1 65@1 90; Pears,
$1 604J1 SO; Apricots. $1 25@1 70; Plums, $1 20®
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14<S16c for prime
washed; 12®13V4c for good washed; I3ftlsc for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll@n'sc for
good to prime peaberry; llftlSVic for good to
prime; OijjlUHc for current mixed with black
beans; SlilO^c for medium to fair; 6Vs&7%c
nominal tor common to ordinary.
Salvador — 11Q14C for good to prime washed;
D&iilO^c for lair washed; 12 ; 013'-sc for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9%@10c for good to
prime semi- washed; a'Af&lOc for super or un
washed; S^'ffOc for good green unwashed; 10VO 1
lo*;c for good to prime unwashed peaberry; ti®
7?ic nominal tor common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 14'iil6 I,^c1 ,^c for prime to fancy
washed; sVj(s|l3c for fair to strictly good
washed: .SV-jyi'Vic nominal for good to superior
unwashed; lo^lO^c nominal for good to prime
unwashed ))eaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 6@7%c for inferior
to ordinary: 12V&'S' i l3c for strictly good washed;
ll<7jll%c for good washed; JXfjlO'/ic Tor fair
washed, 85is%c for medium; 6@7%c for Inferior
to ordinary; 12iftl3'^c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10&10HC nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; STiSSfic nominal for
good to eupi-rliir unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 2S®3oc per Jb; Sole
Leather, medium, £S(ii2lc; Sole Leather, light,
26(ft27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@U8c; Rough
Leather, light, 2r.i??26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32'(i33c; Harness iA-ather, medium. 30@i32c; Har
ness Leather, light, 2Htfi3oc; Collar Leather. 15@
16c per foot; Kip, llnlshed, 40@50c per lb; Veal,
finished, 6OOK>CJ Calf, finished, 75cg$l 20; sides,
finished. 16!?f17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14®
16c; Rough Splits, SifrlOc per lb.
OlLS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
7*ic; raw, 73c; cases. 6c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter Etralned. barrels. 59c; No. 1, 49c: cases,
5c more; China Nut. 61«j 63c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, COc; Whale Oil. natural white. 32!*: c;
Pacific Rubber Mltfed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 2."i@l 25 per gallon; wagon colors, $20
2 25 per gallon
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 13Hc: Pearl OH. In
cases, 19>/»c; Astral, 19% c: Star. 19% c; Extra
Star Oil, 23% c; Elaine. 24Hc; Eocene, 21Hc;
Deodorized Gasoline. In bulk. 16c: do. cases,
22c: Benzine, in bulk, 15>4c; do, cases, 21% c;
S6-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; cases, 27c per
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7@7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 7%@"%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 73c; in Iron barrels,
67c; in wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 70c: raw, barrels,
68c: cases, Sc more.
QUICKSILVER— I3I GO per flask for local use
and $46 r.OQ'47 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
CniHhed and Fine. Crushed, 5.60 c; Powdered,
6.50 c; Candy. Granulated. 5.10 c: Dry Granulated.
sc: Confectioners' A. 6c: Magnolia A, 4.60 c;
Kxtra C, 4.50 c; Golden C. 4.40 c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, SOc more;
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $144,442,760; gold, $52,652,023.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were gloomy to-day, but
still Irregular and dull. War news was re
garded as more favorable, but the monetary
outlook Is disliked. Consols were down 5-16 c
and the war loan is down. The market Is
still talking of a new issue being Inevitable,
but obviously the market would have- to be
worked up first. Americans were quietly
cheerful. They opened >i a point above parity
and were idle until afternoon, although Ber
lin bought a few shares. New York pur
chased only slightly and finally sagged. Cop
pers spurted in sympathy with Americans and
the rise of 10 shillings in the price of metals.
Paris bought Tintos steadily, making them
rise one point. Anacondas were bought here,
causing an advance of 5-16. No gold was re
ceived or lost. Call money and bills were
steady and a brisker business with them was
done. Loans due the Bank of England were
renewed and a large business In discounts was
done. The prospectus of a cement manu
facturers' combination will be out In a few
wefeks. The capital is $8,000,000 and over
thirty businesses are- consolidated, giving a
practical monopoly in building cement.
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific, 98%; Union Pacific, 77;
Northern Pacific preferred, 78; Atchlson, 26%;
Grand Trunk, Shi: Anaconda, $%; Rand, 36%.
Bar silver, firm. 27% d.
New York Grain and Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1.665.000
bushels; Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat
for and in Europe, increase, 700,000 bushels;
total supply, decrease, 968,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease. 415,0<i0 bushols.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1.074,000 bushels.
Among the more- Important decreases re
ported to Bradstreet's not given in the official
visible supply statement are those of 600,000
bushels at Northwestern interior elevators;
247,000 bushels at Chicago private elevators;
50,000 bushels at Cleveland; 65,000 bushels at
Fulton and Newport News, and 50,000 bushels
at Jollet, Fort Worth and Manitoba storage
points.
The principal increase is that of 86,000 bush
els at East Dubuque. ? . _ .
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Fort
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, "Wash., de
creased 180.000 bushels last week.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 24.-CATTLE— Receipts,
2000; export steers strong; others slow; butch
ers' stock, firm; natives, active: good to prime
steers, $4 9005 SO; poor to medium. $4 10<tf4 *5;
selected feeders, $4 10!f«4 80: mixed stoekers,
$3 30ig4: cows. $3®4 50; heifer?, $3 25Q4 S5; can
ners. $2 25@2 So; bulls, $2 90<?14 2D; calves, slow,
25c less than last Tuesday at $4 COS 6 35: Texaa
fed steers, $45Jf> 25; Texas bulls. $3 25Q"3 80.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 18.000; to-morrow,
23,000, estimated; left over, 4000; average. 2Vsc
to 5c lower; top, $5 57H: mixed and butchers,
$5 30<S5 55; good to choice heavy. $"> 45 to
$5 57%; rough heavy, $5 "C"as 40; light, $a 20@
5 474; bulk of sales, $.'i 40®3 S2V£-
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000: sheep weak to 10c
lower; wooled sheep about all gone; wooled
lamba, steady; shorn lambs, weak; good to
choice wethers, $5 25^5 75; fair to choice
mixed. $4 75^. p . 50; Western sheep. $5 50£5 75;
yearlings, $5 50<i?6: native lambs, $3 Wgi 30;
Western lambs, $6 50iJi7 30.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, April 24.— General business in the
wool market .has been quiet with .the tone
about the same as last week. Territory wools
continue to take the lead and the larger part
of th° business Is In wools grown west of the
Mississippi River. Fleece wools, washed, re
main quiet, with prices held about the same
as last week. Quotations: Territory wools-
Montana and Dakota fine medium and fine, 21
@22c; scoured, 57@5Sc: staple, 60® 62c; Utah and
Wyoming, fine medium and fine, 19®20c;
scoured, 55@57c; staple, 60®62c; Idaho fine me
dium and fine, 18@19e; scoured, E5S57c; medium,
20ig~22c; scoured, 52@54c. Australian scoured, on
basis of spot prices — Combing: superfine, nomi
nal, 93@S5c; good, 88@S0c; averages, SOQSoc.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 24.-Notwithstandlng
that advices from abroad were favorable to
friends of the metal market prices broke
sharply in tin and spelter, while Iron was
weak. Tin dropped 45 to 60 points under local
pressure to sell. The close was easy at $30
bid and $30 23 asked. Lake copper continues
dull and nominally unchanged on the basis
of $17. Spelter ruled easier and 2% points off,
closing at $4 60 bid and $4 65 asked. Pig iron
warrants were weak in tone, but not quotably
lower, closing at $13«J16— nominal at that.
Northern No. 1 foundry was nominally quoted
at $21@23. Lead ruled dull and unchanged at
$4 67& bid and $4 72U askt>d. The brokers'
price for lead was $4 45 and for copper $17 25.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 24.— Clearings, $229,400;
balances, $32,111.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 21.— The wheat market
to-day was as flat and uninteresting as It has
been at any time this season; 52c and 53c is
bid for Walla Walla: valley Is In moderate
demand at 52'!i53c, and blup stem, 56c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 24.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
club, 63% c; blue stem, 55Vsc.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 24.— Consols, 100 9-16; stiver.
27% d; French rentes, lOlf Cc; cargoes on pass
age, quiet, less disposition to buy; England
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April 24.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California, Cs 4(11/63 -ltd; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French coun
try market, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 13-32.1.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 Northern spring,
Es lid; No. 1 California, fis 4dff6s ii l i<l. Futures,
quiet; April, nominal; May. 5s 9d; July, 5s 8?i>l.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s
l%d. Futures, steady; ilay, 4s ?4d; July, 3s
ll»id; September, 4s > H d.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS
TO SAIL.
TO AKRTVB.
Steamer Movements.
Charters.
The Eurek* loads '.uir.ber at Grays Harbor
for Kahului; Katie Flickinper. lumber at Ta
r-ma for Honolulu: W. F. Witiernann. lum
ber at Grays Ilarb^r for Honolulu.
Weather Report.
OSSOU Meridian— Pacific Tlffie.)
£AN FRANCISCO. AnH » P- tn.
The followinr are the seasonal rainfalls to
flats a* corr-rared with thof*r of same dtte last
•«-*» on a.nd rainfalls In last 14 hours:
Last This Last
?tat:cn»— 2* boon. s<*as>n. season.
Eureka C.C<O 47.98 31.23
I.-i JJ urT O.W 21.71 ls.w>
taoranunto O.Crt 17.32 13.91
San Francisco COO IS. IO IS.M
Fteano ~ 0.00 7. 53 €..6
Ind^^cdenc* 0.00 2 97 1.15
San Lai. Oti.-po O.W 15.52 14.33
1> s Ar.pelts 0.00 6.C4 4. Si
San I>.ego <f.W 2.M 4.j5
Vuks O.W 0.7S 1-34
.-an Frar.r-:sco data— ilaxiinuia temperature,
£•; wit»»rn«™, 45; n-.e«n, IZ.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tlie pressure fcaf fallen rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the country. From
EMica California ncrtheaF'vi.rrJ through Ne
vaia and extending to the International bound
ary tlit- |im Him is beicw the normal.
The temperature has risen between the Sier
ra* and the Rocky Mountains, and has fallen
over Orecon and Washington.
Light iboven are reported at Portland and
5s Southern Arizona.
Th* following ir.ax:n:cTn wind velocity is re
jwrted: Neah, Zi miles per hour, from th"
Forecast male at San Francisco for 30 hours
er,dir.g ErAizlsti. April 3. DM:
Northern California— Fair W^^nesday. except
ehowers in extreme northern jortion; southerly
wines :a the interior, fresh southwesterly en
the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wiris.
Nevada— Fair Weiresday, except light Ehcw
*a= in extreme north portion.
Vtah— Cloudy; cooler Wednesiay.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
Francisco anl vicinity— Fair Wednesday:
Betel tec hi tie morning; southwest changing to
brisk westerly wir.iis.
ALEXANDER G. McATttE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, April 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,780 bbls; exports. 6000 bbls. Dull and easy,
especially for the top grade of winter extras.
The general market showed no change, but was
nominally lower to sell. Minnesota patent,
$3 75Q3 90: winter extras, J2 60@2 S5.
WHEAT— Receipts. 32,355 bu. Spot, steady;
No. 2 red, TSVjc t. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 75% c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 76Hc; No. 2
red, SSHc t. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 75% c ele
vator: No. 1 hard Duluth, 77% c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady with corn and on better
cables than expected, but sold off later be
cause of May liquidation, splendid weather
news and light clearances. In the afternoon
the market rallied in sympathy with provisions
and corn and closed firm at l \o net advance.
May, 72Hc, closed 72>4c; July. 72*4@72%c. closed
72 s i»c: September, 72 15-16<g'73Hc, closed 73i4c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed quiet, prices net un
changed to 5 points lower. Total sales, 12.250
bags. Including May, X 75; July, J6 80; Septem
ber. J6 90; October. $6 95; November. 17; De
cember, $7 20; January, $7 25. Spot Rio. steady;
No. 7 invoice, 8c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9U
@13e.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8577 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 15%4?15c; factory, 13®14V4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 20.258 packages. Market
steady; storace Western at mark, 12%t@13c;
regular packing, 12@12Vfcc at mark; Southern
at mark, ll©l2Vic
DRIED FRUITS.
There was a very fair movement in evap
orated apples to-day at the undertone fairly
steady at last night's close. The better feeling
was attributed to light receipts and the fa
vorable country reports, the latter advices be
ing better than looked for.
California dried fruits were moderately act
ive and rather firm at unchanged prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4'4 l fisc; prime, s*i@6c; choice, 7@7Vic; fancy,
7^o«c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES — 3>£@7c
per Ib.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13^15c; Moorpark, 15^1Sc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@22c; unpeeled, 7V4<g9c.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
58 BEAD DRAUGHT, BUSINESS
and DRIVING HORSES,
BROKE AND UNBP.OKE.
Also 10 Head of Weil-Broke
SADDLE HORSES,
Consigned by Clark & Cn-x. *fcraraento.
XI. Mi»i»:h. ?' he mod
THURSDAY. APRIL 25. 1300.
At 11 *. m.. at
PAI,E3TAr.D, 1732 KAP.KET ST.. CORNER
VAN NEB 9 AYE.
?I/)r»»s now »f y\ r<!.
CflAfE b. MTnrDJWHALL.
Suec»*«'>r* tn Klllip A Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
EMIL CO:iN, Auctioneer.
WILT. FELT. TO-DAY
April Vu »t 7 ''Ity Ifall Square, a consignment
r,t »l»«ant hmwholrt K-wi*: mod<yn oak noods,
I ft<-. etc. EMIL COHN. .«uetione»r.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, , APIIIL 25, 1000
Sihcr and financial quotations unaltered.
Wheat and wheat freights quiet.
Barley, Oais and Corn inactive. Recent free sales of Rye.
Bran lozccr. Middlings unchanged.
New Hay expected to appear shortly.
Flour and Millstuifs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds very dull at tte old prices.
Potatoes firm and Onions weak.
Butter and Eggs firm. ¦ Cheese steady.
Poultry in light supply and good demand.
Cherries lower under increasing receipts.
Oranges in larger supply and weak. Lemons steady.
Dried Fruits very dull at lower prices.
No further change in Provisions.
Wool in slack demand. Hides dull and accuimthiiin*.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Oil statids the same.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.
New prices for Candles.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast ar.d Geodetic Survey-
Times and He.tghts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th<* <-lty front /Mission-street wharf) about
tw»n'y-flv«» mlnot»« later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both piaces.
WEDNESDAY. APRJL 25.
flnn r!*»s 5:21
Hun n»t» 6:54
itorin rl«»« 2:43 a. m.
NOTE— In the abovo «x?o«ltlon of the tides
the early morninj? tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
th» day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when ther* are but
three tide*, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition tn the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given in subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ts the m»an of the lotwer low -water"..
Dullness continue* th» order of th« day la
local securities an<} fho oil stocks itj also In
active, with occasional narrow fluctuations.
The Belcher Mlninc Company ba» levied *n
assessment of lie.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. April 24— J P- m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Aik.
U B Bonds— Kault OL. Co. S »S
4s fjuar coup.. 114^111% Mutual El Co.— lift
4s do ro(f 114l»UI%O OL& II .. 45 —
4s do cp new..l33'i — Pac Gas Imp.. 43 —
4a do oup 110 UOtt I'ac L Co — 45
Miscellaneous— 8 F O & E 48* 4'J
Cal-»t Cab 55. .11? 120 Han Francisco. 4>* 4H
C C Water 55.. 107 — Stkn O&ECo 10 —
Ed L & P Bs. .130 — Insurance —
F& CI Ry 65.. 115 — Flrem's Fund. 22B —
Geary-st R ss. — 92} i Bank Stocks—
H C <fc 9 5Hs. — — Annlo-Cal Ltd «4U —
Do Es 105H — Bank of Ca1...40« —
L A Ry 6s 104 V» — Cal SD & T.. — —
L A LCo 65... — — First National — 230
Do gntd 65... — — IJin P A A 132H —
Do gntd 35... 58 IOOVi Merchants' Ex 15 —
LA& P It 55.102H — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-st 65..125U — Eavtnirs Banks —
Do Ist m 55.. 117*4 — Ger S & L..ISW —
NCN G R 7a.HO — Hum S & L. — —
NR of Cal 65.113 Vi — Mut Say Bk. 4S>i —
N Pof Cal Gs.llSVi — S F Say U.. 512^ —
NPC R R 65.104 1 , — Say & L So. 74 78
NP C R R35.107 1 4 — Sec Say Bk. — —
N Cal R R ss. 113 114' i Union T Co. — —
Oak G L&H5s.lOT'4) — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65. .115 117 ICallfornia 121 Vi —
Oak W Co 55.. — 105% Geary-st 60 —
Oceanic S C0.. 106^ — Market-Ht Ry. 63 B3U
Om <J Ry 65.. 125 — O S L & H... — £0
P & Cl Ry 6s.l(M*i — Presidio 14 —
¦P& O R R 6s. — — Powder Stocks —
Powell-Bt R 65. 117 — California KM 163
Sac L & GR5e, S"0 — Gtant Con Co. So}» —
S F & SJV 55. 117 — VlKorlt 3 3H
S Ry of Cal 6s.lll'i — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 69....113%n4<4 Hana S P Co. 8% 9t;
Do (1905) ....100 110 Haw C & S Co 8?4 894
Do (l*» 06) ....111V-113 iHonokaa S Co. 32 32»»
Do (1012) ....119 1204! Hutch S P Co. 24% 25
Do Ist eg ss. — — .Kilauea S Co. 214 22
SPBr 6s 127U12SUMakawell SCo 43 4SH
S V "Water 65. -Ill 3*3 * — Onomea S Co. 23 —
Do 4s 104 104ti;Paauhau S Co 31H —
SVW (M m). 102 — Miscellaneous —
Stktn Gaa 65.. 99 — Al Pack Assn.ltS'-iillSli
, Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.lOSt* —
Contra Costa.. 63 64>£;Mer Ex Asan.. — 100
Marin County. — — i Oceanic S Co. 94H 944
Spring Valley. 94 944 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.150 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co. 10 —
Cent L & P... 3*i —
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 113 CO
70 Hana. Plantation Co g 73
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S8 75
100 Honokaa S Co 32 23
70 Paauhau S P Co 31 75
2." Pacific Gas Imp 49 25
10 S F Gas & Electric 49 00
3o S V Water 34 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers* Association US 124
60 California Street R R 122 00
10 Giant Powder, s 30 SO 50
lIS Honokaa 32 25
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 124
10 Makawe'.i ..". 48 00
16S Paauhau S P Co 31 374
15 Pacific Ga.« Imp 49 25
SSF Gas A Electric Co 49 00
D S V Gas & Electric Co 43 75
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 50
300 Vlgorlt 3 124
Street—
100 S F Gaslight 4 50
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board.
500 Anaconda 35
2iX) Anaconda 40
mo Anaconda . 45
270 Barker Ranch 1 15
100 Home Oil 4 00
2j San Joaquin 200
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Home OH ..." 4 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlnff Session.
300 Alpha Con 03 200 Ophlr 58
300 Best & Belcher 20: 100 Overman 20
50 Caledonia 1 25! 200 Sierra Nevada. 41
300 Chollar 23 30 Sierra Nevada. 40
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60i 600 Union Con 24
200 Hale & Norc... 32' 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
100 Mexican 23. 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 20 ! 200 Overman 21
200 Chollar 24; 600 Potosl 26
100 Gould & Curry 23! 200 Silver Hill 15
100 Mexican 29! lf*> Union Con 24
300 Occidental 11l 300 Utah 10
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnjf Session.
400 Alta °4| sf| o Hale & Norc... 32
200 Belcher IS 300 Justice C 3
200 Belcher 1"; 200 Occidental 11
1000 Best & Belcher 20; 200 Occidental 10
200 Caledonia 1 25i 200 Ophir 59
600 Challenge Con.. 17 • 2W Potosi 26
200 Con Cal & V.I 574! 3™ Sierra Nevada. 41
200 Crown Point... 13 1 200 Silver Hill 13
500 Crown Point... 12. 200 Silver Hill 14
600 Gould & Curry 23
Afternoon Session.
50 Belcher 15! «X> Mexican 29
200 Belcher 16 200 Mexican 30
200 Best & Belcher 21 100 Potosl 2*
200 Challenge Con.. 16 1 2M Sierra Nevada. 41
300 Chollar 24' 200 Sierra Nevada. 42
200 Con Cal & V.I 574! 200 Sliver Hill 15
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60j 500 Yellow Jacket.. 24
200 Gould & Curry 23!
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
TUESDAY, April 24—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04[Justice C 2 04
Alta f '.l MlKentuck — 03
Andes OS 09' Lady Wash ... — OS
Belcher 1R 17 1 Mexican » 30
Best & Belcher 20 21 'Occidental 10 11
Bullion 03 04'Ophlr 59 60
Caledonia 1251 30 Overman 20 21
Chollar 22 23Potosl 25 27
Challenge Con. 16 IS Savage CS 09
Confidence SO S3 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 f>o Set; Belcher ... 02 04
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 40 41
Con New York. — 04 Silver Hill 14 16
Eureka C0n.... — 50 St Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 12 14Stan»lard 325 3."."
Exchequer "1 03 Syndicate — 10
Oould & Curry 22 23H*nlon Con 23 25
Hale A Norc... 32- XolUtah on 11
Julia 01 03 Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrofrraphic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, CaJ.,
Arril 24, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buiHintr was droprrf'd at exactly noon to-day —
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. a. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. N.. In chance.
rARIS.
8
THE STOCK MARKET.
ARTICLES. jOpen. IHlch.l I>jw. |Clos«>.
l l 1 i -
Wheat No. 2— j
April CSVi
May f>4% 65% 64% 65%
July 66V4 66% 66% 66%
September 67% 67% 67% 67%
Corn No. 2—2 —
April I 37%
May 38% 38% 88 35%
July I 39% 39% 39% 29%
September 40 40% 39% 40%
Oats No a—
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
July 23 23V4 23 23',i
September 22V4 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 55 12 57% 12 40 12 55
July 12 65 12 75 12 62^12 70
I^ard, per 100 lbs—
May 6 97% 7 02% 6 87% 7 02%
July : 7 02% 7 12% 6 97% 7 10
September 7 Ift 7 15 7 00 7 15
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
May 6 90 6 93 6 90 6 95
July 690 7 02% 685 7 02%
September 6 90 6 95 6 90 6 95
£
Ft
¦ Ft. 1 Ft. — — ; Ft.
J»
«• w
H v:
JL W |U Wj
us
:i
17
i
r>
0
1
;: JiS
.. 4:22.-
. S:M'-
,. «-10'-
(H Wi
..' 0:00'
I
0.1
o.i
-0.4
-A.7 !
-O.S:
«.0 :
| «:»
«:2<
10:2(
11:2
' U:l!
1:1'
It. VS
>': T:O<
!<!
'A
»
i 4.8 J:CS! M 8:4i)l S.«
1 4.9 2:12 l.«! 9:20' J. 9
I 5.0 l:3« 1.9! 10:001 1.1
> S.Ot 4:20! J.l' irtt «.]
' 4.» S:o3' 2.« U:2t>! i.l
1 4.8 5:47 Z. 91
!H W Xi W
—0.7; 2:10 4.7 «:S3' S.I
Steamer.
\ From.
I On*.
Australia
City of Rio J..
. .'I Honolulu • "- , '
..'China, and Japan.. — .....
• |Apr. 25
.| Apr. 2S
rr>ron»
Tellua
..iSan Die*o
..|Oyster Harbor -?
.Apr. ti
-jApr. r.
Columbia
Crescent City..
Bristol
..[Portland _......
...ICrescent City .—^....
...lOyster Harbor.. _.......
.Apr. ».%
.Apr. 25
-!Apr. «
Robt. Adamso
Newburg
Empire
Bontra
Point Arena...
Samoa
Queen
Pomona
G. W. Elder...
:-r.'Xar.airr.o
..(Grays Harbor
... Coos Bay — ...
.. Newport ....
.. PoJnt Arena
.. Humboldt
.. Victoria & Puget Sound
.. HumboKlt
... Portland
.[Apr. 25
.lApr. H
.lApr. 2«
.'Apr. 27
.jApr. rr
.!Apr. n
! Apr. 2?
JApr. 27
.Apr. 2S
Matteawan ...
.jTacoma „
Valencia ,
City of Pueblr
...lOj'ster Harbor....
a.!Victnria & Pug»t Sound
Curacao
"Wellington ...
State of Cal...
Octavla
Acapulco
Arcata
Tltanta
North Fork —
Coos Bay
¦Walla Walla...
..IMexlco
...Oyster Harbor
..Portland
.. 'Hamburg
...{Panama
...iCnos Bay
... Xar.airr.o
...'Humboldt
..I Newport •
..IVlctorta & Pusr»»t Sound
.[Apr. 2^
.Apr. 2:)
.(Apr. SO
.|Apr. 3>
.(Apr. 3)
.'Apr. 3f>
.(Apr. 30
.•May 1
.'May 1
i'May 2
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Tlllamook .JTlllamook |Apr. 25, 6 pm;Pler 2
Coos Bay... (Newport jApr. 25, !> am; P*rr »..
Nip. Maru..lrhlna<fcJapan!Apr. 25. 1 pm'PMSS
Arcata !Cooa Bay | Apr. 25, IS m!Plerl3
North Forki Humboldt Apr. 28. SamiPler i
Umatttla ..'Vic 4 P«rt Sd.'Apr. 2«. in am Pier j
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor' Apr. 26. 12 ml
Del Xorte.. Oregon Ports. | Apr. 26. 1J am Pier 20
Corona San Diego Apr. 27, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Apr. 2S. 10 aim Pier 2k
Peru Panama Apr. SS. 12. m'PMSSJi
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 2*. 2 pm'Pler !?
Albion 'Cape Nome.... I Apr. 2S, 13 m|Pter 2
Bonlta (Newport [Apr. 29. » am. Pier 11
Pomona ....iHumboldt lApr. 23. 2 pm'Pier 3
Newburg ..{Grays Harbor, Apr. 29, 5 pmj
Samoa iHumboldt lApr. 30. 1«> am Pier IS
Portland ..JCape Nome....|Apr. 30, 2pmiPier3l
Queen iVlc & Ppt Sd.'May 1. 10am;Pler t
Santa Rosa San Die so iMay 1. 11 am Pier 11
Thyra China &Japan' May 2. I
Australia .. Honolulu 'May 2. 2 pm!Pler 7
State of Cal Portlanfl IMay 3. 10 am Pier 21
ARTICLES. jOpen. IHlch.l I>jw. |Clos«>.
l l 1 i -
Wheat No. 2— j
April CSVi
May f>4% 65% 64% 65%
July 66V4 66% 66% 66%
September 67% 67% 67% 67%
Corn No. 2—2 —
April I 37%
May 38% 38% 88 35%
July I 39% 39% 39% 29%
September 40 40% 39% 40%
Oats No a—
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
July 23 23V4 23 23',i
September 22V4 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 55 12 57% 12 40 12 55
July 12 65 12 75 12 62^12 70
I^ard, per 100 lbs—
May 6 97% 7 02% 6 87% 7 02%
July : 7 02% 7 12% 6 97% 7 10
September 7 Ift 7 15 7 00 7 15
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
May 6 90 6 93 6 90 6 95
July 690 7 02% 685 7 02%
September 6 90 6 95 6 90 6 95
£
Ft
¦ Ft. 1 Ft. — — ; Ft.
J»
«• w
H v:
JL W |U Wj
us
:i
17
i
r>
0
1
;: JiS
.. 4:22.-
. S:M'-
,. «-10'-
(H Wi
..' 0:00'
I
0.1
o.i
-0.4
-A.7 !
-O.S:
«.0 :
| «:»
«:2<
10:2(
11:2
' U:l!
1:1'
It. VS
>': T:O<
!<!
'A
»
i 4.8 J:CS! M 8:4i)l S.«
1 4.9 2:12 l.«! 9:20' J. 9
I 5.0 l:3« 1.9! 10:001 1.1
> S.Ot 4:20! J.l' irtt «.]
' 4.» S:o3' 2.« U:2t>! i.l
1 4.8 5:47 Z. 91
!H W Xi W
—0.7; 2:10 4.7 «:S3' S.I
Steamer.
\ From.
I On*.
Australia
City of Rio J..
. .'I Honolulu • "- , '
..'China, and Japan.. — .....
• |Apr. 25
.| Apr. 2S
rr>ron»
Tellua
..iSan Die*o
..|Oyster Harbor -?
.Apr. ti
-jApr. r.
Columbia
Crescent City..
Bristol
..[Portland _......
...ICrescent City .—^....
...lOyster Harbor.. _.......
.Apr. ».%
.Apr. 25
-!Apr. «
Robt. Adamso
Newburg
Empire
Bontra
Point Arena...
Samoa
Queen
Pomona
G. W. Elder...
:-r.'Xar.airr.o
..(Grays Harbor
... Coos Bay — ...
.. Newport ....
.. PoJnt Arena
.. Humboldt
.. Victoria & Puget Sound
.. HumboKlt
... Portland
.[Apr. 25
.lApr. H
.lApr. 2«
.'Apr. 27
.jApr. rr
.!Apr. n
! Apr. 2?
JApr. 27
.Apr. 2S
Matteawan ...
.jTacoma „
Valencia ,
City of Pueblr
...lOj'ster Harbor....
a.!Victnria & Pug»t Sound
Curacao
"Wellington ...
State of Cal...
Octavla
Acapulco
Arcata
Tltanta
North Fork —
Coos Bay
¦Walla Walla...
..IMexlco
...Oyster Harbor
..Portland
.. 'Hamburg
...{Panama
...iCnos Bay
... Xar.airr.o
...'Humboldt
..I Newport •
..IVlctorta & Pusr»»t Sound
.[Apr. 2^
.Apr. 2:)
.(Apr. SO
.|Apr. 3>
.(Apr. 3)
.'Apr. 3f>
.(Apr. 30
.•May 1
.'May 1
i'May 2
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Tlllamook .JTlllamook |Apr. 25, 6 pm;Pler 2
Coos Bay... (Newport jApr. 25, !> am; P*rr »..
Nip. Maru..lrhlna<fcJapan!Apr. 25. 1 pm'PMSS
Arcata !Cooa Bay | Apr. 25, IS m!Plerl3
North Forki Humboldt Apr. 28. SamiPler i
Umatttla ..'Vic 4 P«rt Sd.'Apr. 2«. in am Pier j
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor' Apr. 26. 12 ml
Del Xorte.. Oregon Ports. | Apr. 26. 1J am Pier 20
Corona San Diego Apr. 27, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Apr. 2S. 10 aim Pier 2k
Peru Panama Apr. SS. 12. m'PMSSJi
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 2*. 2 pm'Pler !?
Albion 'Cape Nome.... I Apr. 2S, 13 m|Pter 2
Bonlta (Newport [Apr. 29. » am. Pier 11
Pomona ....iHumboldt lApr. 23. 2 pm'Pier 3
Newburg ..{Grays Harbor, Apr. 29, 5 pmj
Samoa iHumboldt lApr. 30. 1«> am Pier IS
Portland ..JCape Nome....|Apr. 30, 2pmiPier3l
Queen iVlc & Ppt Sd.'May 1. 10am;Pler t
Santa Rosa San Die so iMay 1. 11 am Pier 11
Thyra China &Japan' May 2. I
Australia .. Honolulu 'May 2. 2 pm!Pler 7
State of Cal Portlanfl IMay 3. 10 am Pier 21OCZAU TBAVEL
POSTUM CEBEAL.
SUPPLANT COFFEE.
Belief of a Raymond I«ady.
Mrs. T. T. Bartlett. Raymond. N. H..
cays: "I suspected that coffee was the
cause of my persistent dyspepsia and
terrible feeling of weakness and feint-
ness at the heart. It was hard to give
up coffr e, but when I got some Postum
Food Coffee and learned how to make
it properly, I quickly obtained relief
from the old troubles. The unpleasant
sensation of faintness at the heart has
entirely gone.
'When I first tried Postum. I failed
to notice the injunction to boil it fifteen
minutes, and so let it boil just a few
minutes, as I would coffee. I was
disappointed in the flavor, and did not
try it again until told by a friend that
this was cne of the absolute essentials.
I have since observed the rule and am
entirely satisfied with the drink. It is
simply perfect. I believe it to be the
beverage of the future and that it is des-
tined to supplant coffee everywhere.
"One of our business men here has
l^en improved in health by the use of
it. No one could wish to return to cof-
fee-drinking after properly testing your
deliehtful and healthful Postum Food
Coffee."
Made at the pure food factories of
the Postum Cereal Co.. Ltd.. Battle
Creek. Mich.
Valley. 111., shivered and moaned for more
than three hours last night while he wait
ed for the health authorities to send an
ambulance to remove him to the isolation
hospital.
Meantime residents in Wentworth avenue
between Sixty-fourth and Seventy-first
Ftreets, where, before he was taken into
custody at V o'clock, the man had entered
a dozen stores, were dreading a spread of
the disease among them. No one knew
how many had been exposed. It was the
reports made to the police of the man's
appearance and actions that led to his
being taken Into custody.
Dr. Spaldinc of the Health Department
reached the station at 11 o'clock. A hasty
examination satisfied him that Harris
was suffering from smallpox and he sum
moned the ambulance from the isolation
hospital. It was 12 o'clock before Harris
was released from his prison and 1 a. m.
before he was houFed In the hospital.
The police so far have been unable to
lenrn hoy- long the man has been In the
clty'cr whether he had contracted the
disease before or after he came here. The
mnn ¦was half delirious and unable to
talk coherently.
Harris was well dressed and the police
are of the opinion that he Is a man of
comfortable means and probably of good
family, Judging by hi? appearance.
WILL INVESTIGATE
JAPANESE IMMIGRATION
Treasury Department Orders Special
Agent to Proceed to This
Coast.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The Treasury j
Department has ordered a special agent •
to proceed to the Pacific Coast to invest!- j
gate the matter of the large intlux of i
Japanese coolies to this country within j
the last few months. The question is still j
troubling the immigration officials. Until >
two or three months ago the immigration !
of Japanese to the United States was |
small. It has become so heavy as to ex- j
cite suspicion that the men are coming |
here as contract laborers.
The Treasury Department has also re- '
quested the State Department to ask j
American Consuls to investigate the mat- !
ter and make a report. The Treasury De- ;
partment has not been Informed that the ;
Japanese Government, as stated yester
day, intends to put a stop to the imml- j
gratlon. as It does not desire Its people to
suffer hardships in this country while
waiting for employment, and the official I
investigation will continue.
Acquitted of Smuggling
, MANILA. April 24.— Louis Spitzel, an
' agent of the Remington and Maxims, and
one of the biggest prombters in the Orient,
has been tried and acquitted on the charge
of smuggling. Government detectives have
i shadowed him since he arrived In Manila,
I .suspecting his business was filibustering,
! and the authorities were said to be anx
j ious to get rid of him. Learning that an
! employe of his had brought $2000 worth of
i jewelry without paying duty, they arrest
i ed Spitzel. but were unable to prove the
i charge. Spitzel Is a British subject.
Convicted of Manslaughter.
Special DiEpatcn to me can.
REDWOOD CITY, April 24.— John
Orales was on trial here to-day for the
murder of Manuel Fialho at Halfmoon
Bay en January 13. The story of the
killing was related In court by Orales,
the defendant, and Manuel Brown, who
witnessed the affray. The testimony of
both was to the effect that the fatal blow
was struck during a quarrel. After an
hour's deliberation the Jury returned a
verdict of manslaughter.
To Improve State Guards.
WASHINGTON. April 24.— The House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day di
rected favorable reports on the bill estab
lishing four permanent camps in the four
main sections of the country for use both
by Federal tioops and the National
Guard; Representative Marsh's bill giving
rank to contract army surgeons, and the
Senate bill providing additional officers in
tne commissary department.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
ANGELS CAMP. April
tendent Holmes of the Jones mine died
at that place at an early hour this morn
ing as tne result of his being caught In a
cave on the morning of the 4th inst.
Holmes was not believed to be fatally
injured at first, but later heart trouble
developed as the result of internal Inju
ries sustained.
Fitzgerald Jury Disagrees.
Special L/in.-'aUh to The Can.
REDWOOD CITY. April 24.— The Jury In
the case of John Fitzgerald, charged with
the murder of John Lennon, failed to
agree on a verdict and was discharged
this afternoon. It stood eleven for con
viction of murder in the first degTee and
one for manslaughter.
Populist Nominees.
SPRINGFIELD, 111. April 24.— The mid
dle-of-the-road Populists in convention
here to-day nominated a full State ticket,
with A- C. Vantine of Flora for Governor.
Delegates to the Cincinnati convention
were elected and a platform was adopted
reaffirming the Omaha and St. Louis dec
larations.
Oppose Women Nurses.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs decided by
a majority of one to report adversely the
bill, to provide for the employment of
women nurses in military hospitals.
Wins the Metropolitan Stake.
LONDON, April Z4. — me great .Metro
politan stakes of 1000 eovereigns, run at
Epsom to-day, was won by Lord Pen
rhyn's flve-year-old horse King's Messen
ger. Fifteen horses ran.
Disastrous Fire.
HOUSTON, Tex., April 24.— Half the
buElness' portion of Groveton. Trinity
County, waa burned early to-day. Loss
$50,000.
WILL RETAIN
HER POSITION
AS ORGANIST
The trustees of the First Presbyterian
Church have Induced Miss Vlrginle de
Fremery to withdraw her resignation as
organist In the choir, the board having
acceded to her request for an increase of
salary. Miss de Fremery will continue
to serve the church in the capacity she
has occupied during the past twelve
years. The trustees have abandoned ne
gotiations which were commenced with a
prominent Eastern organist as soon as
Miss de Fremery's resignation had been
presented.
The young woman is one of the lead-
Ing factors In the equipment of the mag
nificent choir of the church. She has been
organist for so many years that the news
of her resignation provoked sentiments
of regret from the members of the
church. The trustees, however, accepted
her letter as llnal and proceeded to make
arrangements for her successor, when an
'effort succeeded toward the adjustment
of the question of salary, over which a
difference of opinion had arisen between
the organist and the trustees. That ended
to-day in practical accession to the or
ganist's request.
Miss de Fromery stands In the front
rank of church organists, and is highly
esteemed In this city. The news that she
Is to continue In the First Presbyterian
Church will be received with much Inter
est by the members of the church and the
congregation.
Speaking of the matter. Trustee "W. H.
Quinn said: "Miss de Fremery will not
leave us, as the trustees, after careful
consideration of the situation in the
church, have Induced her to withdraw her
resignation. The arrangements which
have been made are entirely satisfactory
to Miss de Fremery."
GUchrlst and Anna Heggerty. They wore
gowns cf pink silk tafleta covered with
net. The maid of honor. Miss Tina Doyle,
sister of the bride, was attired in a gown
of white silk net over white taffeta. The
ushers were H. Stinge. Henry L-asaen cf
Alameda and J. E. McElroy of Oakland.
The best man was Lambert Keunle.
The decorations were very elaborate, es
pecially In the reception hall, where pink
silk ribbons were festooned from the cen
ter of the ceiling to the sides of the room.
White snowballs and La France rose*
were used In beautifying the rooms, and
smilax gave the needed touch of green.
A reception for the friends of the bridal
couple followed the ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. Mnßiide will spend their
honeymoon In the south, after which they
will reside at Golden Gate.
PRINCIPALS IN A GOLDEN GATE WEDDING
OAKLAND G:RL V/EDS A SACRAMENTO MAN.
OAKLAND, April 24.— Miss Ellanora
[very cf this city became Mrs. R. TV
Scholes to-day, the wedding cere
mony being performed at high noon
In Stile? Hall, Berkeley, in the same room
from which Miss [very graduated ten days
ajro as a member of the Berkeley Bible
Frminary of the Christian Church. Rev.
A. M. Elston, cne of the instructors of
the seminary and pastor of the First
Christian Church of Berkeley, performed
the ceremony. The room was decorated
la pink and white and a larpe number of
friends and fellow-scholars of Miss Ivery
were present. Miss Maude M. Hogrue of
Berkeley was bridesmaid and Max McCul
loug-h, also of Berkeley, was gromsman.
Miss Neille B!y Jones and Miss Marie
Doaglas were maids of honor.
The wedding breakfast was served at
the residence of Mrs. George Eiddall, a
sister of the bride, at 551 Locksley avenue,
Oakland. The couple will reside in Sac
ramento, where Mr. Scholes is manager
of the shipping department of Wood. Cur
tis & Co.. wholesale produce merchants.
Th-j brk?e is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. [very of Oakland and sister-in
law of Dr. O. S. Dean, president of the
Christian Endeavor Union of Alameda
County. She is a talented elocutionist and
has made quite a reputation by her excel
lent work In this line.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Georglana M. Brastan haa sued her hus
band, Charles P. Braatan, for mainte
nance. Mra. Braatan alleges that her
husband deserted her In October of last
year and since that time ha» refused to
contribute toward the support of herself
and minor son and has forced her to de
pend on her friends and relatives for a
Livelihood.
Fails for a Large Sum.
CHICAGO. April 24.— Lazarus Sllverman,
the real estate dealer for whom Judge
Clifford appointed a receiver last week,
has filed in the United States District
Court a petition In bankruptcy, schedul
ing an indebtedness of $821,300 and assets
amounting to $351,463. Sllverman formerly
was In the banking business. .
Judge Disbarred.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, April 24.— The Su
preme Court to-day affirmed the decision
of the lower courts In the case of Judge
Frank Dellabaugh of Cleveland, and he
stands disbarred from the courts of Ohio.
The ground for the disbarment was that
Judge Dellabaugh shared a fee with an
attorney In a case which came before him.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway
•jj. wharf, San Francisco:
V\3sv^_ For Alaskan ports— li a. m..
R&QX APrllA P rl1 21 « 2S: Ma y L Chance
T'!fl**tT>Y*'^ t0 Coirlpany ' 9 steamers at Se-
I^SSfl >*ii FoT Victoria. Vancouver (B.
LSV^'O-*"Pj! C.), Port Towr.wnd, f»*attl*.
/"*NJSixOII Tacoma. Everett. Anacr.rt^s
and New WhJitcom lW».«h.)-
10 a. m.. April 2L 28: May 1
and every fifth day thereafter; change at Se-
attle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry- _?
For Eureka. Hurcboldt Bay— lo a. m.. April
14, »; May 4 and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoB. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 21. 25. 23; May 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Aneeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— ll a. m..
April 23. 27; May 1 and every fourth day there-
FoV Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. L* Pax. Santa Rosalia
¦nd Guaymas (Mexico) — V> a. m.. 7th of each
month. . _,
For further Information obtain comparri
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
¦u-itvw.'* r .-ovi<":« notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO -
F > OPt r x i i J^.3srr>
From Sp»-ar-street "^'harf at 10 a. m.
CADC £l 2 First Class Including Berth
rrtnL S3 Second Class and Meal*.
COLUMBIA sails April M. May 8. IS. 23
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.. ..May 3. 13. 23
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
fTJjj £.'£** Oj£ *all» tor Honolulu
i*flB"" "^ Wednesday. May 2.
it -* 19C0. at 2 p. m.
o^rLl Th * S - S - Alameda
nM&M D«-' * aU " vla Honolulu and
Gn^'L'^i'K Auckland for Bydney
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Famca. New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: 1610 first class. .
i. b. »r«tUHtLt> * rf.ib3.CO.. »3ts.. if4Montgoai«n
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freijjht uttce.327 Market SL
OCEAN TRAVEH
AMERICAN LINE.
ITXTT TO&X. SOCTHAH?TOS, L05D05. FISX9L
Btopp!n* at Cherbourg, westbound.
From Nrw Tork every Wednesday. 13 a. m.
St. Paul AprUßfPt. Paul May H
St. Loul« May J! St Louts May Tt
New York May Ji New Tork May io
RED STAJ* LINE.
New Yorl( and Antwerp.
Prom New York erery Wednesday, 12 norm.
Kensington ....April S3! Southward May IS
Noordland May t' Westernland May 21
Frlesland May « Kensington May 3U
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco. May IS. and
from Seattle. May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Rubsequent Mtllngs June 30. July 31. August 20.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
BO Montgomery tt., or any of Its agenti.
TOYO KISE_N KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COU-
ner First and Brannaa streets. 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllns at
Kobe (U'.ogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In.
dla, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. *fc-a»
BS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. April Cth. MOO
S3. AMERICA MARL' „..
SatcnJay. May 13th 1300
S3. HONGKONG MARU....... .....„.'..
Thursday. June lith. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
fr«"Uht and passage apply at company's offlco.
421 Market st.. comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COXPAOSIE GESiaiLE TBASSATLAHTIQ.B3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^v..
Salltnff every Thursday Instead of <Tr*^\
Saturday, from November !. 1339 at **'****»
10 a. m.. from Pier 45. North ' River, foot of
Morton St.. LA TOTJRAINE. April M; LA
BRETAGNE. May J; LA CHAMPAGNE. May
10: LA GASCOGNE. May 17. First-class to
Havre. SSO and upward: 5 per cent reduction oo
round trip. Second class to Havre. 143 : S per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. M Broadway (Hudson but!d!n*>. New
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. S Montjromery avc, San Franelsro.
BAY AND BIVER STEA2EEB3^
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON Tues.. Wed.. Tburs. and Sat^ at »:4l
a. m.: 1:15. 8:» p. m. (ex. Th"*,- 11 !?"* 1 '"•
d»T«. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. ViSttj. «*-. I
P. m. Landing and offlce. Mlsslon-strert Dock.
Pier No. «. Telephone Main 120*.
FARE *"
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
Opening cf the County Institute in
Eedtrood City.
Pp<flal TM*r>atch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. April 24.— The regu
lar annual Institute of the teachers of
Fan Mateo County commenced here this
morning and will continue in session up
to and including Thursday afternoon.
The officers and committees who have
rharpe of the institute are th^ following:
Kx-offic'.o president. E. M. Tilton; vice
jirpKidems. G. Williams. R. Cloud. A. K.
Weed. L. A. Hciner: secretary. A. M.
Gray; assistant secretary. Nellie V.
Casey; committee on exhibits. G. F. Gll
crift. Mrs. Wallace. Misses Hvnding,
Kuck. MrGovern. Pavap*. Nelson, Elvin.
S. Lane. Disrgles. Craig. Donahue. Mullen,
M. S. Campbell. Cumins. Keltlng. M. A.
rimpbril. Chalmers. Madden, M. Savage,
MrCualp.
Committee m resolutions— W. J. Savagp
O. W. Hall. I- A. Hrlr.er. J. L. Kelley
Mifßp« Carolan. McCarthy. Quinlan
WaldrofT. Meehan. McPhllipn. Dnyle.
Comrnitiee on music and entertainment
— F. S. Ross=c-ter. C. J. Plerson. Mrs. Hart
ley. Misses MoNamara. Stewart, Betta
mer. Hansen. Purdv. Srhubert. Hanley.
Finger. Edwards. Shine, Lawrence. Burke,
M. Leathers, Fuller. Jackson, Mcßenn.
BriFtoJ.
Committee on Introduction— MMse? Hen-
Jon A. Leather*. GUlisran. Paradi,- Wood.
A. Lane. L^ip-hton Maloney.
SMALLPOX IN CHICAGO.
Sick Strang-er Exposes Many Resi
dents to the Disease.
CHICAGO. April 24.— Penned In with
four doss and three horses In a small
pound behind the Englewood police sta
tion and suffering from smallpox In a
malignant form. James Harris of Spring
GENERAL OTIS CABLES
RECENT LIST OF DEATHS
WASHINGTON, April 21.— The following
list of deaths which have recently oc
curred in the Philippines haa been re
ceived at the War Department from Gen
eral Otis at Manila under date of yester
day: .
Malarial fever— April 16, Charles V. Stiles,
Company H, Forty-fourth Infantry; April 13,
James F. Littleton, Troop I, Fourth Cavalry;
April 19. Harry E. Nash, Company D. Nine
teenth Infantry.
Accidental— April 17, Harry H. SchultK, Com
pany H, Forty-fourth Infantry, dived on a
rock; March 23, John S. Dibble. Company M,
Nineteenth Infantry, killed by a comrade.
Enteritis— April 8, Thomas Gillcspie, Com
pany G. Eighteenth Infantry.
Typhoid fever— April 15, Frank J. Valdez.
corporal, Company X, Eighteenth Infantry;
April 14, Dock R. Elsenbarger, Company B,
Thirty-fifth Infantry-
Colitis— April 11, Charles J. Magor, Company
G, Eighteenth Infantry.
Septicaemia— April 7. Charles Lighten, Com
pany C, Nineteenth Infantry.
Dysentery— April 7. Llewellyn H. Converse,
corporal. Company E. Sixth Infantry; March
10, James P. O'Shea. Company G, Sixth In
fantry; April 14, John P. Brouner. Company
H. Fourth Infantry; April 15. Henry Welbner,
cook. Forty-second Infantry; April 18, Charles
Brown. Company H, Twenty-sixth Infantry;
April 2, Garland B. Southerland, Company
N. Sixth Infantry.
Variola— April 15. Arthur Gwynn. first ser
geant; Richard B. Harber. Company D,
Thirty-second Infantry.
Pneumonia— April 10, James J. Curran, Troop
L, Fourth Cavalry.
Died from wounds received In action— April
9. Benjamin F. Welch, Company L, Fourth
Infantry»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Injured by a Careless Driver.
OAKLAND. April 24.— David Dawson, a
colored lad, living at 710 Jefferson street.
waß run into by a butcher's wagon at
Clay and Tenth streets yesterday and
hurled from his wheel with such force
that his collarbone was broken. The
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. April 14.
Schr Parkerstrarg. Jorgensen, 3 days from
CcqulUe River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 24— Bktn
Quickstep, from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 24— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMER.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived April 24— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York, for Hamburg.
BILL PERMITTING ALIENS
TO SUE FOR INDEMNITY
Measure to Dispose of Possible For
eign Complications by Reason
of the Acts of Mobs.
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The Judi
ciary Committee of the House to-day di
rected a favorable report on the bill pro
viding means of indemnifying foreigners
injured in person or property through
mob violence or otherwise in this coun
try. The measure grows out of the
lynching of Italians In Louisiana and the
representations made by Italy through
Baron Fava. the Italian Embassador. As
an airs of this kind were of frequent oc
currence, each time threatening diplo
matic complications, the President rec
ommended a general measure of redress,
and the bill now reported seeks to carry
out this recommendation. The text of
the bill as finally adopted is as follows:
That any subject or citizen of a foreign state
claiming of the United States under a treaty or
upon the principles of international law in
demnity fcr injury to person or property may
bring suit for such claim In the Court of
Claims. Such sections and provisions of chap
ter 359 of the acts of ISS7 as are applicable to
the Court of Claims shall apply to and govern
the initiation of such suits and all subsequent
proceedings therein.
Provided, that the provisions of this act
shall apply only to the citizens or subjects of
those foreign states according like rights and
privileges to the citizens of the United States.
And, provided, further, that no suit shall be
brought after the expiration of two years from
the acciuing of such claim or cause of action.
And, provided, further, that It shall be a de
fense to such suit that the plaintiff has made
his domicile In the United States for more
thna a year continuously prior to the accruing
of such alleged claim or cause of action.
In case the bill becomes a law It is
understood that Its provision will cover
cases arising one year prior to the en
actment, which probably would Include
the last Italian affair in Louisiana.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
List of Pensions Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINTON. April 24.— The Postmas
ter General has ordered to be consoli
dated July 1 the postofflce at Oak Park,
Sacramento County, California, with the
postofflce at Sacramento, and to be estab
lished in lieu of a postofflce a station with
facilities for the transaction of money or
der and registry business, sale of postal
supplies and receipt and dispatch of mails,
to be designated as Oak Park station of
the Sacramento postofflce.
Postmasters appointed: California —
Gracy. Mendocino County. S. J. Zerbe,
vice A. A. Lord, resigned; Stlllwater,
Shasta County, W. R. Young, vice M. B.
Walker, resigned.
The leave of absence on a surgeon's cer
tificate of disability granted to Captain
Edwin B. Bolton. Sixteenth United States
Infantry. Department of California, is ex
tended one month on surgeon's certificate
of disability.
Pensions— California: Original— Twenty
years' service, William H. McHugh. La
Grange. $11 50. Increase— John Crlndrod,
Los Angeles, $6 to $8; Wilson Carey. Jo
pephine. $G to JS; John R. Clark, Pasa
dena. $6 to $12. Original widows, etc., spe
cial accrued April 11 — Lovlnla A. Brown
Rialto. $S; Susan D. White, South Pasa
dena, $s.
Washington: Original— Henry Wackter,
Friday Harbor, $6. Increase — Palemon C.
Mills, Edmonds, $7 50 to $11 25.
Patents granted: California— Joseph E.
Bright. Los Angeles, hose coupling; James
A. Cronkhlte, Los Angeles, sterilizer for
Famous War Nurse Dead
CONCORD. N. H.. April 24— Harriet P.
Dame, a war nurse from New Hampshire,
known by name to many Union and Con
federate soldiers, died to-night. She hats
the right to wear the insignia of the One
Hundred and Eighty-eighth and the One
Hundred and Twenty-eighth Corps and
the Third Corps of Hooker's Division.
ORATOR BRYAN TALKS
AT A KANSAS BANQUET
Explains Why He Has Relegated the
Silver Issue to the Back
ground.
WICHITA, Kan.. April 24.— William Jen
nings Bryan arrived here to-day at 11:05
a. m.. on his way from Texas to his home
in Lincoln. Neb. His visit was under the
auspices of the Sunflower League, a Dem
ocratic organization, embracing the
State. Mr. Bryan attended a meeting of
the club this afternoon, making a short
address, and later delivered an open-air
speech to 2000 people. To-night he was
the guest of honor at the annual banquet
of the Sunflower League. Mr. Bryan, In
the course of his banquet speech, said:
The public wonder* why I have dropped the
¦liver question. New measures are resting upon
us. but I shall never drop the silver question
until the little coteries of English financiers
cease to meet In secret and plan the laws of
this country- The difference between this cam
paign and that of l>'.'6 is that matters of trusts
and Imperialism have been injected and that
the East has become educated on the sliver
question. The East no longer regards Popu
lists as anarchists, but has come to respect
them. %
Referring to the Boer war he said j
I am sure of men's opinions by their sym
pathies. The sympathies of all our people are
with republics, and In the great contests that
are fought between kingdoms and republics we
know where to place the heart of Americans.
It is so to-day with the Boers, and I do not
cay that because I am against England. I
have some regard for England, because I am
part English myself. I am also part Irish
and part Scotch, but above all I am an Ameri
can.
As to colonial affairs Mr. Bryan said:
We are unalterably for the republic and
everlastingly agalnnt the empire and denounce
the present national administration for its
shameless attempt to unsettle the foundations
of our Government: for its abandonment of
the Monroe doctrine; for its attempt to thrust
our country Into European and Asiatic poll
tics, against which we have been warned by the
fathers; for its attempt to subjugate unwilling
and llberty-lovlng citizens, not to make them
citizens, but serfs; for Its attempt to adopt for
our country the English colonial system, as
foreign to our plan of government as a titled
aristocracy or a king; for its brazen disre
gard of our promise to the people of Cuba to
give them their freedom: for Its permanent
Increase of our standing army from 23.000 to
100.000 men, with no possible justification ex
cept to keep unwilling foreign peoples in sub
jugation; for Its notorious secret alliance with
England to be used as a menace to other
friendly nations, and for Its carpetbag govern
ment and unconstitutional tariff Inaugurated
in Porto Rico. All of these things, the natural
sequence of Republicanism and the first symp
tom of a military imperialism, we will forever
oppose.
SELECTS DELEGATES TO
PHILADELPHIA CONVENTION
Republican State Convention of New
Hampshire Emphatically En
dorses McKinley.
CONCORD, N. H.. April 24.— The Repub
lican State Convention to select delegates
to the convention at Philadelphia was held
here to-day. Senator Gallingrer. assistant
chairman of the State Committee, called
the delegates to order. N. B. Bryant of
Andover was presiding officer. The dele
gates selected were: J. H. Galllnger,
Frank Jones, William C. Clarke and
Thomas N. Hastings.
The platform adopted says President
McKinley "has met and solved graver na
tional problems than have fallen to the lot
of any predecessor save Washington and
Lincoln. His* renomination is recom
mended. The financial legislation of the
present Congress is commended. Regard
ing the recently acquired islands the plat
form says;
"We heartily support the administration
In the annexation of Hawaii and in the
acquisition of Porto Rico. Guam and the
Philippines. We intrust the future gov
ernment of the new possessions to Con
gress and the President, believing they
may lawfully control and govern them as
they deem best, and feeling assured that
they will give the islands every measure
of local self-government for which they
may show themselves fitted."
DEWEY AND BRYAN.
Seven O'clock Club Changes the Flan
to Have Them Meet at a Dinner.
CHICAGO. April 24.— Admiral Dewey
will not break bread In Chicago with Wil
liam J. Bryan. The Seven O'clock Club,
which had arranged for the pleasant cere
monial to take place next Tuesday even
ing at the Lakeside Club, has changed
the date of the dinner to May 5. Admiral
Dewey will leave town on the evening of
the 4th and Colonel Bryan can reign pu
greme at the banquet. The officers of the
even O'clock Club have little to say con
cerning the sudden change of plans, ex~
cept that Mr. Bryan, the guest of honor,
could not arrange to be In town May 1.
Oakland Divorce Court.
OAKLAND. April 24.— Jessie L. Ely was
granted a divorce from Frank A. Ely to
day by Judge Hall. The ground was
cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed by A. Louise
Robinson on the ground of cruelty and by
Celia L. Paul against James Paul on the
ground of desertion.
GRAIN OF OATS WAS
GROWING IN HIS EAR
OAKLAND. April 24.— M. Lowry. an ex
pressman living on Franklin street, be
tween Eighth and Ninth, was the victim
of an accident a few days ago which al
most destroyed his reason. When his
mental tension was relieved to-day at the
Receiving Hospital by Steward Borchert.
who removed a grain of oats from Low
rv's ear, the expressman heaved a sigh
of relief and declared that if he had not
found out what was the matter with him
before many days more had passed he
would have been a candidate for an asy
lum for the insane.
It seems that while Lowry was pitching
hay at Haywards he got a grain of oats
in his ear. In a few hours his ear began
to ache and several days afterward hla
head began to be filled with strange
noises. Lowry declared that he heard
everything from the note of the siren to
the latest thing In ragtime melody.
The grain which had lodged In Lowry's
ear had sprouted and considerable diffi
culty was experienced in removing it from
its position against the tympanum.
driver of the wagon did not stop to see if
the boy was injured. The father of the
lad Is blind and his mother an invalid,
leaving him to support them and five little
Bisters.
MILLER'S WHOLE
ESTATE IS LEFT
TO HIS FAMILY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. April 24.
Th» will of Albert Miller, the deceased
capitalist ar.d university regent, was filed
for probate to-<iay by his son, Henry
Martin Albert Miller, who is named as
executor. Mrs. Mary Ar.rSe Miller, the
widow, who was named tr> act as execu
trix in conjunction w'.th her son, volun
tarily relinquished her rights.
The Testament is holographic and dated
March 31. ISS-6. The witnesses were T. B.
Kent and Lovell White. Thtre is a codicil
bearing date of May 16. ISSL
The various bequests contained In the
Instrument are as follows: To Charlotte
Kendall Miller ar.d Mary Annie Miller,
daughters of deceased, ten shares each of
the capital stock of the San Frajicisco
Favlr.gs Vr.lon. made at the especial re
quest of Mrs. Miller: to the widow all the
Interest of the deceased In the family
residence at Fourteenth and Union
street*, all the personal property con
tained therein an<l half the residue of the
estate; to his children — Charlotte Kendall
Miller. Henry Martin Albert Miller. Harry
East Miller. Mary Annie Miller, Chris
tian Otto Gerber^tns: Miller. Horace Her
bert Miller and Paul Lucien Miller— half
tJi»» residue of the estate, share and share
alike.
It is provided in the cn^fcil that in case
XT. F. Herri'-k of Oakland should survive
the deceased three Insurance policies on
Herrick's life, which the deceased held as
securities, should be reckoned among the
funds of the e?tat#». but if Miller survived
Herrick the policies wore to revert to his
willow, Mr«. Lacy F. H*»rrick.
It is stated in the petition for probate
that the value of the estate cannot at
present h«» exactly estimated. There is no
doubt that it wUI run into the millions.
OAKLAND. April 24.— Miss Elizabeth
May Doyle and Glenn Elton Mc-
Bride were married this evening at
the home of the bride's sister, Mrs.
James H. Rourke. in Golden Gate. The
affair was one of the season's most Inter
esting social events In this little burg. The
bride Is a daughter of John T. Doyle, a
Berkeley capitalist, and the groom Is a son
of B. H. Mcßride, postmaster of Dlxon,
Solano County.
Rev. S. P. Whyte of St. Coluraba'a
Church officiated at the ceremony. The
couple stood under a floral canopy of pink
and white. The bride, who is one of the
most beautiful young ladies of Golden
Gate, wore a handsome dress of white
satin trimmed with chiffon and lace. The
bridesmaids were Margaret Ayden, Jennie
GIVEN CONTROL
OF FRANCHISES
IN PORTO RICO
President Must Pass Upon
All Concessions to
Corporations.
House Adopts the Foraker Emer
gency Resolution With Its
Two Eestrictive Amend-
WASHINGTON, April 24.— The House
to-day, Hill of Connecticut objecting,
adopted the Foraker emergency resolu
tion to continue the present officers in
Porto Rico in office until the appointments
are made under the civil government act
as amended by the committee on insular
affairs. The amendments require that all
franchises shall be approved by the Presi
dent before they become operative and
place certain restrictions upon chartered
corporations, such as the Issuing of stock
or Donds. except for cash and inhibiting
real estate corporations or the holding of
real estate by corporations, except such
as is necessary to carry out the purposes
for which they are created.
About twenty pages of the postofflce
appropriation bill were disposed of. the
only substantial amendment adopted being
one to give extra compensation to letter
carriers who work in excess of forty
eight hours a week.
The Foraker resolution carried two
amendments placed upon it by the Insular
Affairs Committee — one to provide that
franchises should be approved by the
President and another placing certain re
strictions upon charters, corporations,
etc. It was arranged that the resolution
should be debated for one hour.
Hill of Connecticut raised a point of or
der against the amendments. Williams
paid that information had come to the
Insular Affairs Committee that all sorts
of companies were preparing to invade
Porto Rico, and the committee considered
that the proposed restrictions should be
placed upon them to prevent a great
scandal "there. He said he could not un
derstand why the point of order had been
raised.
Moody of Massachusetts, prefacing his
remarks with the statement that he re
gretted exceedingly that the point of or
der had come from his (the Republican)
side of the House, raised the point of or
der that Hill's point of order had come too
late. This was sustained by the Speaker.
Cooper, in closing the debate, said that
one of the Republican members of his
rninmittee hnrl informed him that he had
been approached by a capitalist who had
stated mat a company was being formed
to buy up all the mortgages on the island.
The amended resolution was agreed to
without division and the House resumed
consideration of the postofflce appropria
tion bill.
GIVES THE LIE
TO COUNSEL FOB
MINERS' UNION
Exciting Scene Before the
Wardner Investigating
Committee.
Bartlett Sinclair Insults Attorney
Robinson and Is Attacked
While in the Witness
Chair.
WASHINGTON. April 24.— An exciting
encounter occurred at the Coeur d'Alena
Investigation this afternoon, when Bart
lett Sinclair, who was on the stand, gave
the He to Attorney Robertson, represent
ing the miners. Robertson sprang for
Sinclair, aiming a blow at his face. Sev
eral Congressmen intervened and held
Robertson and Sinclair from coming to
gether. An officer appeared on the scene,
but his services were not required, a?
order had been restored.
The encounter occurred while Mr. Sin
clair was testifying: concerning his order
forbidding a meeting at the miners' cem
etery on July 11 last commemorating the
deaths resulting In the riots of 1592. He
said his notice did not forbid women from
assembling to put flowers on the graves.
Attorney Robertson contradicted the wit
ness and said it did specifically prohibit
women from assembling.
"Do you ask that as a question or state
it as a fact?" asked Sinclair.
"I state it as a fact," replied Mr., Rob
ertson.
"It is a lie." responded Sinclair.
Robertson made a lunge at Sinclair, but
the distance was too great to permit a
blow. Representatives Sulzer, Hay, Esch
and other members sprang forward to
stop the fracas.
In the few minutes that the melee was
at its heipht members were standing on
and jumnlng over the large committee
table, seeking to get at the contestants.
The latter were in a confused tangle of
chairs and witnesses on the farther side
of the table.
After Robertson's first lunge he rushed
on Sinclair, who was sitting in the wit
ness stand, unprepared for the onslaught.
The two went over in a crash on the floor
and were then separated. No actual blows
were struck. Sinclair, when order was re
stored, resumed his seat in the witness
chair and, after vigorous cautionary re
marks by the chairman against such dis
order, resumed his recital. Neither of the
contestants showed any outward mark of
the affray.
Mr. Sinclair completed his direct testi
mony during the afternoon. In view of
the excitement it was deemed best not to
open the cross-examination, 'which will
be conducted by Mr. Robertson, and the
committee adjourned until 10 a. m. to
morrow.
Mr. Sinclair left the committee-room
Joking over the occurrence.
The investigating committee in execu
tive session to-day voted adversely and
on party lines on a motion by Representa
tive Sulzer to summon as witnesses Lieu
tenant Governor Hutchinson of Idaho;
Father Becker, a priest who sought admis
sion to the prison, and Edward Boyce.
president of the Western Federation of
Miners, who was mentioned in Governor
Steunenberg's testimony. A motion by
Representative Slayden of Texas to limit
each witness to six hours was similarly
disposed of.
dental or surgical instruments: Aaron C.
Grube, Pasadena, feather renovator; Hans
Z. Neilson. Alameda, acetylene gas gen
erator; John S. Stubblefleld, Los Angeles,
geographical globe; William T. Van Der
car, Pasadena, window shade cutter and
creaser. i _-• '-'--¦
Trademarks: Newton Gum Company,
SRn Francisco, chewing gum; Henry L.
Wagner, San Francisco, carbonated bev
erages. ¦
NEARLY TWO HUNDRED
MILLIONS FROM WAR TAX
Secretary Gage Sends to the Senate a
Tabulated Statement Showing
the Hevenue Obtained.
WASHINGTON. April 24. — Secretary
Gage to-day sent to the Senate a reply
to the resolutions of the Senate of April
20 In regard to the amount of revenues
derived from the so-called war revenue
act with a statement showing the total
amount of such receipts from the 13th of
June. 189 S. to the 31st ult. Commissioner
of Internal Revenue Wilson, who pre
pared the statement, says in his commun
ication to Secretary Gage that !t Is im
possible to furnish a more detailed state
ment showing the amount received from
each source under the head of Schedule
a with any degree of accuracy, as the
five hundred million 1-cent stamps and
the five hundred million 2-cent stamps
may be used on documents requiring a
higher «.ax than is required in the four
specific purposes provided by law. The
statement is as follows:
Objects of Taxation. Amount Collected.
Cigars $5,202,691
Cigarettes 2,442,020
Snuff 1.641.251
Tobacco, chewing and smoking 27,070,113
Dealers in leaf tobacco 127,170
Dealers in manufactured tobacco 30,637
Manufacturers of tobacco 39,193
Manufacturers of cigars 446,724
Miscellaneous collections relating to
tobacco : 773,117
Fermented liquors £6,936,731
Additional collections on fermented
liquors stored in warehouse 197.936
Mixed flour 14.154
Bankers, capital not exceeding $25,000. 712,416
Bankers, capital exceeding $25,000 for
each additional ?1000 in excess of
$:5,000 6,066.135
Billiard rooms .: 553.443
Brokers, stocks, bonds, etc 559,256
Brokers, commercial 277,016
Brokers, Custom-house 11.880
Brokers, pawn 71.776
Bowling alleys ' 90.626
Circuses 25,919
Exhibitions not otherwise provided
for 145.759
Theaters, museums and concert halls. 97,729
Legacies 2.556.306
Schedule A 6f1.781.776
Schedule B 8.693,881
Excise tax on gross receipts 1,453.547
Total $153,405,232
The foreeolng statement embraces all
the items It Is practicable to specify.
HEARTS PIERCED BY
CUPID'S TINY DARTS
CHOOSES SCHOOLROOM
TO BE MARRIED IN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
(~^l^)£y In the Goldflclds, a
J^Sprj^ 1 Winchester Repeating Rifle
ji * s a g™* l aw 111I 11 Itself. It will protect you and I
j^S3S Winchester
hlsSr |T fl Ammunition
Bnl !§§ sg^Sj| Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
fg&jjM &1P» S *H'* address on a postal card for 160-pag3 Illustrated
}$m \^k. Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
jk^^^LL^>ri 44 1 ** ar^ cet Street, San Francisco, Col.
THE BEST LAXATIVE.
A Pure Natural Aperient Water,
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS,
and therefore free from all the offensive smell often
found In Aperient Waters.
RELIEVES DISORDERED STOMACH, CURES CONSTIPATION.
The ONLY Aperient Water bottled at the Hunyadl Springs,
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, Sole Prop., Budapest, Hungary.
9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
B AN FRANCISCO CALL.
CrFIVEFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market snd Third streets, open
cnttl ll o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
crrrer Oar: cpen until f:3O p. m.
»0 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C* McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open ur.tll 9:SO p. m.
IMI Mission street : open until 10 p. m-
S2t'J Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
erttl * p- ~>.
106 E>venth street: cpen until » p. ro.
1C95 Valencia, street; open until I p. m.
IrTJ Po!k ftreet: open until I p. m.
JCor—weFt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turl— - streets; open until 9 P. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CnOCKEWLofIce No. T29, F.~aa3 A. «
M.— Derroe three THIS (WEDNEh- m£\-
PAT) EVENING, April" 25, at ':*>_V\
o'clock. By order of the W. M. /~^
H. FORTKIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodre No. 166. F. and A. •
j{ —{Special meeting THIS «WED- ?#%
NESDAT) EVENING. April 25. at " :So^/\
o'clock. Second decree. ' "
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. ICS. F and A. M-— •
Called meeting THIS (~ TEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. Second de- TC_K
gree. C. D. BUNK EH. Secretary. / >
ANNUAL — loetinc— The regular annual meet-
ing of stocitholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Co— ipanr will be held at the offlce
of the company. 227 Market st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on Tuesday, the Sth day of May.
1900. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the purpose
of electing a board ot directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other busine-e as may ccme before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will clcse on Friday,
April 27. i9OO, at 3 p. .m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and diploma* a specialty. J. W.
Grttath. HecJd's Business College, 24 Poet st.
AGENTS _ WANTED.
AGENTS for an all-rour.d useful utensil: best
ever Invented; $:.'. to $25 per day; profitable,
permanent business. Call or write HERRICK,
1417 Brush Ft., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED building and loan agent-.
Room 1406, Claus Spreckels bull-ing.
A GOOD proposition for ladies or gentlemen.
H4O Market ft. ¦
ASTRO LOUV.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest a.«trol-
cgist and palmist in the worid ; satisfaction
— uarante<»d. if, Powell st.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
ro fee without success : collections- G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. tSo Market, cor. Stocktn.
VT. A. 6. NICHOLSON, attomey-at-law; tele-
phone Davis £34. 410 Kearny it.
ADVJCB free; no charge unless m -cce-sful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney-at-law, has re-
sumed practice at SO3 Cal. et, Clunie bldg.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket tt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BATH CABINET— HOT AIK. VaPOK.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; door opens firm
and *afe. W. P. BROWN, gen. ag_. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN HAKES.
On Wednesday. April 25th the California Bel-
gian Hare Association will oj^en THE ONLY
H^KAL Rabbitry ever constructed in the
United States.
\\> l;ave purchased the very cream of all the
principal R_bbitri»»s in Los Angeles and in ad-
dition have imported a large number of ani-
sials directly from Ksgland.
We can safely fay that we have more IM-
PORTED ANI» HIGH CLASS STOCK than
any other RabMtry in America, and also that
WE HAVE MOHE IMPORTED AND HIGH-
CLASS STOCK THAN ALL THE OTHER
RAIiBITRIES around the Bay of San Fran-
cisco COMBINED; we lurthe— —ore challenge
:.-•,.-.:. _> to the truth of the foregoing
Etatements.
Our Stud stands pre-eminent and is lead by
WANTAGE f>JX (fccor* 96), Fee $50.
an animal which arrived direct from England
on April ICth and
SCORED SS
immediately a't«r arrival. He Is undoubtedly
the moet perfect animal In color, shape and
lorm ever imi>orted to America.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
We will on January Ist. 1&C1, pay the sum of
Five Hundred Dollars ($500) in Gold Coin for
the best specimen sired by our WANTAGE
FOX from any Doe bred to him after April
24th. li>oo. Judges to be selected by the com-
j»etitor6.
Full Information concerning: this competition
cun be secured at our office.
t Signed.)
California Belgian Hare Association.
Next In our list comes England's latest cham-
pion Buck.
CHA_lrloX DUKE OF CHESHIHE. Fee $50.
This animal ie a wonder of color and secured
U KII_?T PB~___ and Gold Medal in England.
DASH I'KINCE < Import*^ t. Fee $25.
Bon of Champion Dash and winner of a special
prize in England.
RAIUiI .Imported April 10th). Fee $25.
Eire "Cock o1o 1 the North." Excels all In shape
•nd Form.
DUKE OF TECK (Imported April 10), Fee $20.
2-AKQUIS OF LORNE (Imported April 10),
Te~ CO.
"EARL BAJCBUKY." Fee $20.
Sire Lord Banbury. Dcni Lady Rosewln, the
most beautifully TICKED animal ever Im-
ported to America.
E-'DUKE OF BELMONT," Fee $15,
Famous Yukon strain
"SIR FREDERICK," Fee $10,
Son of the famous P.ochedale.
"SIR ROBERT." Fee $I_,
Son of Lord Britain.
*nd many others of equally as ROYAL BLOOD.
A c_oice selection of high-scoring English
Does just received direct from England.
We have TOUN'JSTERS direct from Fashoda.
Danh, Britain and Lunfan.
We specially solicit inspection by all pur-
chasers and fanciers of high-class thorough-
bred etock.
Our Rabbitry Is located at the old Nep-
tune Gardens, Alameda.
If you t_ke Narrow-Gauge boat get oil at
Webster-ftreet Station, Ala_neda.
If the Broad-gauge, leave the train at M_»-
tlck Station.
Alameda electrio cars run within one block
cf our Rabbitry.
California Belgian Hare Association.
GEORGE A. YOUNG. Manager,
Alameda. Cal.
ARRIVED— PALACE ROYAX* Imported, score
i£. 6 prizes, fee 125; to approved does only.
Prince Alfred, imported, score Sit, fee $15.
Blenheim. f<-« $_.
Klondike Nuccet Jr.. fee SS.
Come and s«e these four grand bocks; does
from best strains, bred and unbred, always on
hand: visitors welcome.
VICTORIA RABBITRY. 1277 Seventh aye-
East Oakland; telephone Brook 17L
AT F. E. MASON'S. 1710 Everett tt.. Ala-
me_a— "LOßD ESSEX." Imported. fe« $10-
"Teddy Roosevelt," winner first prtie Lot
Angeles, fee $15; "Dancy Styles." own son
of "Sir Style*." fee $15: "Britain Prince,"
cwb eon or "Lord Britain and "Avalanche."
fee $15: "General Washington" (heavyweight)
eon of "Star Buck," fee $10; does bred to
these bucks from $10 up; closed Sundays.
THE large-t and b*pt-ec,utppe_ rnbbitry north
of Los Angeles: imported Belgian harep;
wholesale and retail ; fashionable strain* of
Imported bucks and does always on hand;
nuree does; a full line of rabbltry supplies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO
€r*-€U Golden Gate aye.. S. F. ; tel. South
Ctl. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
POUND— A place suitable for general merchan-
ai*e store, with 3 living rooms, large yard,
sheds ;.-. ! adjoining building; just the place
for raisin*, exhibiting and selling Belgian
hares, without Interference with the mercan-
tile branch of business: rent. Including city
water, or.!y 122 per month. Address 2719, Call
office. Oakland.
BOSS nahbltrj-. ISIS Howe St., Oakland— Thor-
oughbn »d Belgian hares, breeding does: young-
ster* for sale from the following strains: Yu-
kon, Lord RocVidale, Klondike Nugget and Red
Sovereign; British King at service: visitors
welcome; take Mountain View cars.
ATTENTION-TREMONT BELGIAN HARE
CO.. 1124 Fillmore et.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
Sf»rd 6 cer.ts la etarnrm for book on care and
feecinr The cheapest and best treatise on
the subject.
HAWTHORNE RABBITRY. 460 Taylor aye..
Alame'la. Cal.— Headquarters for fine pedl-
Fr«>ed Beljian hares; all prices. Grande Dash
(lirp.l. service $„. Inspection of stock so-
llcl'-ed. T. D. RAYMOND, Prop.
EALKsnOOM for the laurel Dell Rabbitry of
£a:inas. Cal., at the Montgomery Market. 755
Market ft.; arer.ts for the Meadow Brook
Belgian Hare Company of Los Angeles.
KOSEMONT Rabb'.try. S< Maple court, off 14th.
abow Guem -ro— P.repdln_r does. 112 60 up;
youn-sterg. U up; large stock; finest strains.
MASCOT nAIiriITRY. 427 Sutter St.. S. F. Fine
pedigree, rtock guaranteed; at reasonable
prices; Bf-rvlee. tlf> and 125.
FOR sale-IVJiKrwd Belgian hares; from tt
y pVra^; M AItKnT-ST. RABRITRY. W. C.
-ENTHAM, proprietor, lgn Market St.
THE Kncinal Rabbltry. Haslett _ Bew. 122.
Grand et.. AlamfJa.; correspond, solicited.
lIOARL>I\f; I'OR CUILUHE.I.
WIDOW, having her home near school would
like chiHren to rare for; room for parent Call
S to 12 at 4023 2Cth Et.. heu Noe and Bapchez.
I'OUNC cotiDle would like to talte charge of a
little fflrt «s companion to their daughter
41 Jul'an aye., near Fourteenth Bt.
BOARD for one or two children In German
family; sunny yard. 429 Minna st.
COOP home for a child, with German widow
I£2 Hickory aye.. near Gough.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* P.nok Co.. 701 Mission St.. near Third.
UOOT , A>U SHOK I>AKGAIXS -.
BARGAINS In ladles' and children's shoes;
drummers' camples at manufacturer's cost.
J. KOHLRECKER, 145 Fourth st.
" lUj!»TJv_sa ciia.\c_S.
A— $200oTpa RTNER wanted In best-located sa-
loon on Market st.: place open day and night;
doing a first-class paying business; owner
wants a good honest- man for assistance. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— OLD-ESTABLISHED roadhouse with over
one acrs of ground: house of 7 furnished
rooms, with barroom, piano, etc.; rent $30.
Particulars R. Q. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s9oo— BAZAAR and notion store, with 3 fine
living rooms; rents $22 60; a good paying bus-
iness; rtock values the price; best location on
principal street. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— $1800; BAKERY on leading business street;
Western Addition; rent $65; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 3% barrels per day: slck-
cecs cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE. 908
Market st.
A— ssM; PARTNER wanted In old established
and first-class paying corner saloon; retiring
partner to leave for Nome; a splendid offer.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market tt.
A— s22oo; CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
ft.; rent 126, Including rooms; large stock of
liquors and groceries; a flrst-class. paying
busineee. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
living rooms: rent $50; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mission st. ; place doing a good
paying cash business; full value In sight.
Call K. O. WILKE. SO6 Market at.
A— s2so: CIGAR store; clearing $4 dally: splen-
did Ideation: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
BARGAIN— Corner grocery and bar: good loca-
tion: rent $10: no reasonable offer refused.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY. 759
Market st.
GOOD cppcrtunlty: manufacturing business for
the restoration of hair and patent medicines;
rights and patents all clear: will sell entire
plant or half interest in same: Al Investment.
Brocklehurst & Megladdery. 759 Market st.
QUICK »ales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy. sell or exchange any
property cr business, we are able to pleas*
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDEHY. 759 Market st.
$900— CORNER saloon near Market St.; present
owner has the place 8 years and is retiring
from business; dally receipts. $20 to $25. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market St.
$Soo— BAKERY; bargain: disagreement of part-
ners cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN A CO..
777% Market it.
$300— PARTNER wanted In one of the best
saloons on the water front; a good uvlnr
guaranteed. Apply J. E. SLINKEY A CO..
southeast corner of Market and Fifth sts.
BARBER shop for sale; very central location;
must be sold on account of departure. Apply
to J. E. SLINKEY - CO.. 1 -Fifth St.
BUTCHER shop: must go; last chance; a snap.
COWING _ CO.. 719 Market et.
A— s3so; PARTNER wanted; must be steady,
reliable man; satisfied with $18 to $30 a week;
no nlcht or Sunday work; trial given before
buyinc. Apply at 9 Geary st.. room 2.
! PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper shop; also steel range; doing good
business; established 14 years. 411% Callfor-
nla st.
CHEAP— Good sausage and delicatessen store;
rent cheap; pood trade. SUNSET MARKET,
comer Fourth and Natoma sta.
AT tlSTO— Must be sold Immediately: good-pay-
ing saloon; central location: urgent reasons;
no agents. Box 4565. Call office.
PARTNER In offlce business: light, pleasant
wcrk; short hours; clear $100 mo. each; no ex-
perience required. Jones & Co.. 865 Market.
BUTCHER shop; good trade and location; horse
I and wagon; route; sacrificed to go to Cape
i Nome. 475 East Twelfth St., East Oakland.
i . — ___________________
j FOR sale— Must sell to-day; candy and statlon-
i cry store. 13S Hay eg ft.
FOR sale, cheap— Paying groopry and bar; cor-
ner; cause owner's death. 2340 Folsom st.
CORNER grocery for sal«; $1100: In the best lo-
cation of Oakland; plenty room for bar. with
a eplendid side entrance; good paying custom-
ers; business can be largely increased with
right management; full Investigation. Address
box 2757. Call offlce, Oakland. ?'_r-'. ;
i $lto— WANTED— Active, reliable man to take
I Interest In an old-established commission
business that will pay from $75 to $ICO per
month the year round: no experience requir-
ed. Apply at 1016 Market St.. room 10.
! BARBER shop for rent; completely furnished;
2 chairs: long established business; good lo-
cation on Third st. ; rent complete, J22. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON _ CO., 614 Call
bldg.
AN oM arocery and liquor business: must be
sold this week; owner Is on sick list; must
quit May 1; lease of building will be sold also.
! Call on "JOHN KENNEY. 1406 Pacific st.
I FOR sale— An old-established saloon In a good
location; good paying business, with 4 liv-
ing rooms; reason for selling. 111 health. In-
quire pouthwect cor. Sixth and Folsom sts.
$650— RESTAURANT; grandly furnished; $400
down- balance easy: good business; parties
leave for East the 26th. Apply D. M. Mc-
RAE. 743 Mission st.
FOR saJe — Branch bakery, stationery, notion
and candy store, news stand and laundry of-
flce school supplies, etc; good location. 1604
Hares Bt.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
clshed rooms, all rented; near car houses and
transfers; rent $35; going to Cape Nome.
j 1915 Central aye
SINGLE young man with few thousand In cash
desires an opportunity In business or other-
wlse. Box 4541. Call.
FOR sale — Restaurant, fixtures and furniture of
7 rooms; $150; Is very successful. Box 4544,
Call office.
jioO — 7-rooms: nice flat; furniture cost $1000;
great bargain; north of Market. Apply 743
Mission st.
CHEAP— WhoIe or part of small chicken and
hog ranch. Apply 3168 Sixteenth. St., near
Valencia. **
BARBER shop for sale; on account of depart-
ure. Cor. Railroad and Seventh ayes. south.
GOOD paying saloon and cafe for sale; cheap;
rent $30. Box 3332. Call offlce.
FOR sale— Barber shop; good business; rare
chance. Box 279. San Lais Obispo. Cat.
BARBER thop; must be sold this week. SO9S
Sixteenth Et.
$2000 CASH or security; grocery and bar; flr.e
etock; good location; no agents wanted. 20
_lly aye.
WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery, candy
and notion store cheap; reasons, going back
East 916 Railroad aye. South.
$200— CIGAR stand: splendid opportunity; good
location. See owner, $2 Minna, bet. 8 and 5.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine flx-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth st.
WELL-ORGANIZED machine shop, established
In I&6L for sale cheap. Box 4654, Call offlce.
$300 — FOR sale — Long-established watch and
Jewelry repairing store. Box 4850, Call offlce.
A BAKERY for Bale, cheap; cause, sickness.
Address box 4C47. Call office.
HOTEL to rent; 607 Twentieth st., near Untoo"
Iron Works. Inquire 907% Illinois st.
FOR sale— Barber shop; good business; rare
chance. Box 279. San Luis Obispo, Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASW'ELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. ! received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
' A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions baa been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; -pen until 9p. m.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subccriptlo.is has been established at 1096 Va-
lynrla »t.
1 LODGIXG-HOusrS FOR SAI.K.
t CO-ROOM OOHNERS HOUSE; RENT $100.
t New furniture; grand bargain; see It. For
tale only by DECKER, 1020 Market St. .-•••..-
, 18-ROOM house at your own pries. Apply to
DECKER. 1020 Market tt.
i 100 rooms; rent $50; clears $200 $1500
18 rooms; on Third st 250
17 rooms; on Jones st 600
; PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE.
: 80- room corner; 2 entrances; half cash... 2200
1 8-room fiat; new- elegant 250
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call offlce 600
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason et.; payments 450
36 rooms; on Market st ; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71J Mark*, nr. Call bldg.
27 rooms; clean; part cash; table board. .s2soo
63 rooms; N Market; nice and fine 3400
20 rooms; rent ICO; clears $60 coo
9 rooms; meals riven; north side 400
44 rooms; rent $120; Income $250 mo 2500
17 roemi; rent $50: Income $115 monthly.. 750
11 rooms; rent $28; full; nice; all men.... 225
And many more. Please call for particulars.
jir.OQ — HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; 2 lots and
furniture: rents for $45 p«>r month; at Han-
ford, Cal. KREDO & CO.. 38 Geary st.
$900— SUNNY cor.; 16 rooms; neat and clean;
clears $80 a month. KREDO & CO., 28 Geary.
SNAP; U00: 22 rooms, all rented: good location;
cause of selling, sickness. BASILE, 8 Eddy.
1275— ELEGANTLY furnished; 8 rooms: bath;
yard: full roomers; great bargain. 913 Howard.
JJOO— LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 233 Third «_;
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out, half .cost, 100 sets harness, 200
waponn. 1140 Folsom ft., near Eighth.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
eend-to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. MlEsion 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., BS-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
w^ss^ ;
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone Keet 126.
SI'UUTUALIS— .
T-tt^vttON^ 77. REMOVEDI
ATTENTI MRS."DR:X D. HOWE
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradls-
to the Grave. ' , . : :
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed,
To the Sick EsDecially •
Her assistance Is priceless. Her Revealea
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE _.
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to soe this wonaerrui
woman. Consultation by mail Is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all corresponaence
Is kept sacredly confidential. • xrnw-
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. E . HOWa
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
¦V ' B —Take S. F*. broad-gauge ferry and get
ofi 'at Clinton Station, second station from
Broad waj". _______
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
cult medium: the luckiest and truest on tne
coast: readings 25c. 15S1 Market st.. near
Twelfth: specimens, mall. 50c.
NAPOLEONIC spiritual developing circle to-
night, 25c; under Mercury, goddess of busi-
ness. 220EddyFt.
ARNOLD DICKSON— Sit dally: consult, free;
meeting to-night: all Invited. Hi Sixth, room 1.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th: clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetic medium;
sittings, $1; clr. Frl.. 2 p.m.. 25c. 233 Valencia.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium. 43 Sixth—
Circle every evening; 10c; sittings dally.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 110* Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
M THE D WELL^KN6«_r TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; whlla
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost
affections; unite the separated: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life, while in a perfect trance;
satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for clmilar. with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st.. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future: never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; tips
on races. 1167 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St., near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken.92l% Mission, op.Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 25c: no sign.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned: magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
lI ME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busi-
ness advice. 627% Post st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best; latest Improvements. 1911% Mission st.
LATEST Alaska rocker with pump; be sure and
see it. 3 Natoma nt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. !>27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGIN3' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold filllnss
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $S; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
Fpecialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stroneer than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th, rrr i. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to in .r.m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W.WILLIAtfSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 50c; painless extraction, SOc: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 9C9 Mlsslon.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set: extracting SOc; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
11. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. « Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st.: crown-
bridge iworkjext ; pa__ess_fun__________s7
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
TOT7NO. I*4l Polk »t.
DOG HOSPITALS, -^^j^^
DR, CREBLEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
plll«: by all drujrplsts or nt the dog hospital,
ElO Golden Gate aye.: a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dos: Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine Tsc: city visits $1 60: all
unl—mls treated: <\nz* bowrrt»<l. Tel. West <&«.
DRESSMAKERS AND S_AMSTR_SS_S
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
6. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School ;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 887 Geary st.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor— Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SlioßTHAND^lndlVidual Instruction each
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer. 1720 Market st ; highest speed
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem" <the inventor of phonography): rates .$5
per month: by mall $4; another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., 8. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpylng, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial . Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
jin y only for what you get. Call or address
.22 Market «t.. San Francisco.' t. •?
AYRES'. the leading business college. 728 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing: life
scholarship. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, meoh. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve,: est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best gystero." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
hi PROF. MERKX. 1003 ___lon;vlo_a. jcuiUr.
EDUCATIONAL.
FRENCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Fillppe's Academy
of laneuases,32o Post;estab'd 1871; ablest prufs.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
• A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off OFar-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806% 'Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Best help. 417 Powell st., telephone Clay 88.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Butter: tel. BlftCk 5072.
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN young woman wishes place as cook
in resort or chamberwork. MRS. LAMBERT,
418 Powell st. : . ; -„ '¦
NEAT, young competent woman with a boy
of 6 wants position as general housekeeper;
best of references; no objection to short dis-
tance In country. Address Box 2760. Call,
Oakland. ¦•¦.¦¦- ¦¦¦-¦-¦¦
LADY with little *glrl. 8 years old, would like
a place to work In small family; home more
than wages: good plain cook; city or Oak-
land. 372 Clementina St.; no triflers.
HUNGARIAN girl wishes to do housework and
plain cooking: 'likes children; speaks little
English; wages $16. 1931 Sixteenth aye., South
San Francisco.
RESPECTABLE strong woman wants work by
the day; willing to do washing or scrubbing
or any kind of cleaning; good references.
Box 4567, Call offlce. -
RESPECTABLE young widow from the East
wants employment by the day or week; no
objections to any kind of work. MRS. BEW-
LEY. 718 Folsom st.
WANTED— By a young girl a situation to do
housework or second work In private family;
best of references. 843 Franklin st., Oakland;
phone Red 26SS.
AS working housekeeper by neat, elderly Amer-
ican woman: good cook and laundress; likes
children; city references given; wages from
$10 to $12. Address box 3452, Call offlce.
NEAT German girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or second work In small Amer-
lcan family. Apply 142 Eighth st.
AN experienced nurse, kind and reliable, wishes
position to care for Invalid lady; massage;
excellent references. Address box 4563, Call.
TWO young ladles going to Cape Nome would
like the promise of work there; have their
fare paid. Box 4569, Call office.
GERMAN woman; good cook, wants a situa-
tion. 316 Second aye., Richmond.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress: good fitter;
sews SOc day. M. C. box 4668 Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse, having to go East, will
take care of children or Invalid for her fare;
Al city references. Address MISS MAY. Ala-
meda P. O.
2 EXPERIENCED seamstresses from the East
wish employment by the day; competent to
do ladles' trousseaux and children's dresses;
best of city references. Apply Box 4542,
Call.
YOUNG German girl to assist with house-
work. 332 Third st.
GIRL to care for children or second work.
83% Gilbert St.. upstairs.
AN elderly lady wants a place to do llsht
housework In small family: wages no object.
Address box 2758. Call offlce, Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework In private family. Call or address
2103 Powell St.. cor Chestnut.
YOUNG woman wishes - housework by day; $1
and car fare. 232 Seventh st.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union tt.
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires position as nurse
or companion to lady en route for Paris:
knows French; no wages; city reference. Call
2623 California st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $160 to }i
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage'to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ,
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st _________
EMPLOYMENT AVANTED — MALE.
. COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness In all branches, is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation in private family; ref-
erences. C. S.. 1022 Jackson Bt.
MAN wishes situation in dairy: is flrst-class
milker and can take care of horses. 4427
Mission road; telephone, Capp 462.
NURSE, graduate of training school, would
like situation. G. A. MCKENZIE, 217
Minna st.
JAPANESE wants situation In family; good
waiter; willing to do housework. Address
B. Q-, box 4560. Call office.
SITUATION as day or night clerk In lodging
house; middle age; strictly temperate; ex-
perlenced. Address MORTON, box 4556. Call.
YOUNG Irish Catholic of highest education
wants position, preferably teaching. Box
4563. Call.
AN experienced gardener. 32 years of age. Ger-
man, has knowledge of few other mechanical
trade*, desires position as gardener. Janitor
or house agent. K. W. Q., 101 Bartlett st.
BY active, middle-aged, respectable, educated*
man of family; outside work preferred; refer-
ences for 80 years here and security. Box
4551. Call office.
COOK— A plain cook would like to get a place
to do plain cooking; $25. Please address
Cook, 649 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED young man wishes position In
creamery; can make butter and attend steam
boiler; good references. Address S. K.
LEWIS. 2263 Alameda aye.. Alameda. Cal.
SITUATION wanted as coachman, gardener;
good horseman; good references. Address box
3449. Call.
WANTED— By competent man. position to
clean and repair harness. Box 4508. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn, flowers; In private family; very useful
and willing. Box 4634, Call . /¦':-¦-'
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place; under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows, run gasoline engine: handy with tools;
best reference letters. EMIL GARDENER,
San Rafael. Marln Co.. Cal., P. O. box 252.
YOUNG man desires situation as night watch-
man; good references. Box 4649. Call offlce.
GARDENER wishes situation: ten years' ref-
erence from last employes. Address Gardener,
care of H. W.. 879 Washington St., Oakland.
JAPANESE boy would like a situation as cook
In a family. Address ICHI. 248 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Pclk St.; open until I P, m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenda at. __—__——————————-
"EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market St.; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall, SOc. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— BRAND new; 4 rooms: 1421 Green st.. near
Van Ness aye. Apply SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
A MODERN middle flat of 6 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. 639 A Minna St., bet. 7th and Sth.
A FLAT of 3 rooms and bath and 4 closets and
large store room. 923 Shotwell st. ¦ -¦
BEST centrally located flats for small families;
nice neighborhood ; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento St.. above Powell.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine modern middle flat;
6 rooms; bath; City Hall; fur, or unfurnished.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat of 6 rooms; sunny; $24. 1545 Mason
street. ¦ - ¦ '
SUNNY flat: 8 rooms, yard; water free; $10.
366 Third at,
TWO elegant corner flats of 7 rooms and bath
each: sun all day; rent very reasonable. 300
and 302 Scott St., near panhandle. •- . |
8 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard; base-
ment; rent moderate. 193 L 1935. 1937 O'Farrell.
$B— FLAT, 887% Hayes St.; 3 rooms and bath
. and yard; new plumbing.
$10—4 LARGE rooms and yard. 627 Grove St.,
between Laguna and Octavla. ; '. .- .
$12— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, rear; also 4-room
: flat, bath.- $18. 8524 California st.
$18— UPPER flat.. 6 rooms and bath. 541 Castro
. st.. near Nineteenth. j
PLATE TO ; LET— FURNISHED.
CLAY, 144»— Completely furnished 8-room flat;
$60.
FLATS WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE young couple, no children, will
care for flat for few months. Box 3331, Call.
FURNITURE KUK SAL—.'
HOUSEHOLD furniture, total or by piece; Just
the thing for parties to start housekeeping;
rent $17. 1757 Howard st. -
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— The furniture of a seven-room house;
complete: Piano. 2224 Union st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
Cr^HA3^E7r_^a?T!?pllON_^G^A^T^_s
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, new grillroom, Sacramento, $25;
2 waitresses, Visalla, $20, fare here: 2 wait-
resses, $20. Portervllle (see party here): walt-
resa, Hollister; waiters, Napa, $20; waitress,
Marysville, $20; waitress, San Joao, $25; wait-
ress, Keswick, $20, fare here; waitress. Lath-
rop, $20; chambermaid, $20; 2 chambermaids
to wait. $20; waitress, icecream and coffee
parlor, $7 week, no Sunday work; cook, sum-
mer resort, $35; 3 bright neat girls to learn
waiting.
FAMILY ORDERS
woman to cook for men, $15, see party here
at 1 o'clock; working housekeeper, San Joee,
$15; German second girl, $25; 2 housegirls,
country, same place, $20 each, and long list of
others too numerous to mention. C. R. HAN-
SEN & C 0. .104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook. $35, no wash; cook. $25; sec-
ond girl, $20, same place In country; English
or Scotch nurse or North of Ireland, $25;
Protestant chambermaid and seamstress, $25,
country; laundress, by the day, $1 60; 9
lroners, $25 and $30, city and country; 5
cooks, plain wash, $25, $30; 5 second girls,
$20; German second girl, $25; a large num-
ber of house girls, $20, $25, city and country.
J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER. German. Swiss or Alsatian,
not over 40 years, for 3 gentlemen; city. MRS.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell st.
AT MRS. LAMBERTS, 418 Powell— Cook and
housework girl, with elderly American cou-
ple; very good place; $25.
MOTHER and daughter, $35, see party here
at 11 o'clock; two cooks, $35 and $30; 6 sec-
ond girls, $25 each; housekeeper, $30; middle- i
aged woman, country. $25, two In family, see
I party here. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
25 GIRLS;, general housework. -
2 middle-aged women; city and country.
1 waitress; country; $25 and found; fare paid.
, 1 chambermaid; city.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market St.
NEAT woman or girl for light housework and
take care of child; $10; good home. 2520
Mission st., near Twenty-first.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing: 5 grown persons: references; wages
$20. 2810 Clay st.; afternoon.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
family of 4 adults; small washing; wages $20.
1603 Gough st.
WANTED— A strong woman to cook, wash and
iron; also second girl. Apply 17 Sixth st.,
in store.
GIRL wanted for the country to do cooking and
housework; family of 3; small washing; wages
$25. Call 1832 Bush st.
GIRL for light housework; over 20; plain cook-
ing; no washing; ' 2 In family. Call to-day,
10 to 2. 469 Tenth st.. Oakland.
ELDERLY lady or girl to tend children; good
home; small wages. Call or address 1226
Cyprus st.. West Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket hands, tailor-made suits.
Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt finishers on ladles' tailor-
made suits. 131 Stockton st.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. M 9 Kearny St.. room 2.
LADY hairdresser for nice, place; permanent;
good wages. Address box 4554, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats. 1575 Turk
street.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
no washing; $15; reference. 3912 Clay st.
LADY agents wanted. Apply 612 Hayes St.;
morning, '
FIRST-CLASS finisher and good buttonhole
makers on custom coats: steady. 559 A Minna.
GIRL to do cooking and washing: 4 In family;
wages $20. Call before 12. U36 Ellis Bt.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $20 to $22 50. Apply 1004 Webster et.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 410 Kearny st.. room 27.
GIRL to learn halrdresslng; also one to learn
manicuring and face massage. 240 Stockton.
GIRL to do sewing and go errands. M.
FEDER, 211 Post st.
EXPERIENCED youn_ nurse to take care of
Infant, with references. 2202 Jackson st.
PANTS operator; steady work. 110 William,
off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones.
WANTED— GirI for general housework In small
family at 12S1 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; $20.
1605 Laguna st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 1700
Larkln st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In light
housework. 2241% Sutter st.
WANTED— Good talloress on fine pants. SO
Mint aye.. top floor.
WANTED — Steady waitress; no Sunday work;
call early. 619 Sacramento st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. Z2\j Fremont.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 86% Fremont at.; elevator.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts; steady
work; good pay. A. AARON. 673 Mission st.
GIRL for housework; Scandinavian or German.
Inquire at Jewelry store, 103 Sixth st.
GIRL to do cooking and assist housework; ref-
erences; wages $25. 2307 Broadway, near Fill-
more.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work; also to help
watt at table. 662 Fulton st.
WANTED— Examiners to examine shirts. Ap-
ply The L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
GERMAN woman for light housekeeping and
care two children; $12. 15_ Broderlck st.
WANTED — Good finisher on pants. 104 Kearny
st., top floor: steady work.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on fine coats. 511%
Jones St.. bet. O'Farrell and Geary sts. .
WANTED — Younc saleswoman in bakery: one
with experience preferred. 2232 Mission st.
MORE girls from 14 to 16 to learn cigar mak-
• Ing; paid while learning. 803 Eighth st.
GOOD finisher on men's coats. 1038 Howard
St.. first floor.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber .trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class: Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdrexsln. taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 835
Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators
on pants. 541 Market st.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
tt 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HELP W ANTED— MALE.
BOYS, messenger and delivery: wages $12.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market St.
BOYS 15 years old; offlce work. BUSINESS
WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
BOY; good position: good address: offlce.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
SOLICITORS at once; good chance. BUSI-
NES3 WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
A FEW bright business men of ability; salary
to good men. BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB,
927 Market at.
A MAN and wife for hotel; must have some
furniture; responsible parties only. BUSI-
NESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st. ;
A BRIGHT man wanted for 15-acre fruit ranch:
experienced ; $25 and found. BUSINESS
WOMAN'S CLUB, 927 Market st.
WANTED— Three good solicitors; salary and
commission. Apply between 8 and 10 a. m. at
¦ 405 Montgomery, room 6. H. E. CRAIG.
BARBER wanted Immediately to rent elegant-
ly . furnished shop. Inquire M. 'L. WERTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland. -- , .
WANTED— A night cook for restaurant. 176
Fourth st. • (
HELP WANTED — MALES.
A— COO MEN WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad work; long Jobs $2 a day
Free transportation to the work. Apply o
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S 104 Geary st.
50 laborers for sawmills and woods, no ex-
perience required. $26 and board, fares ad-
vanced, see boss here; -j laborers and team-
sters, near city, $26 and board; 10 laborers,
city, $1 75 a day; 2 blacksmiths, $2 50 and
$3 a day; engineer and machinist and electri-
cian, country, see boss here; m—chinist, coun-
try, $3 day; 2 blacksmith helpers, $2 25 day;
10 miners. $2 50 day; 2u farmers. $2u and V*
and board: 10 milkers, country. $25 and $30;
butter- maker, country, $35 to $40; 6 choremen.
$20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— 2 FRY cooks, city. $60; broiler, city. $55;
cook, country restaurant, $50; cook, country,
$12 week; second cook, mine boarding-bouse,
$40; pantryman, country hotel, $25; baker's
helper, country hotel, *30; 6 waiters, city and
country, $25, $30. $35 and $10; lroner. country.
$12 a week; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN &. CO.,
104 Geary »-
A^_URRAY & READY Phone Main 6343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day, a. m
MECHANICAL HELP
Carriage trimmer, $s«) band sawyer, $120
15 blacksmiths, also some helpers. $2 50 day,
$35, $45, $50 and f d. ; 3 wagon— takers. $2 50 and
$40 and fd.; machinist, lathe hand, city Job. ;
$3 day; carriage woodworker, $90; gang edger-
farmsV 'i> a£b___.'.'.'.*.V.V.V.Vsta'bl_s." etc!
63 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for ah
parts of California, $35. $30. $26, *20 and fd.;
COME SEE; 43 milkers and buttermakers, $35.
$30, $25 and fd.; 6 stablemen and 3 gardeners,
$30. $40, $25 and fd. ; 29 choremen and boys,
$25, $20, $15, $10 and fd.; gardeners, coach-
men, 3 separators for dairies.
COME.. LABORERS and TEAMSTERS.. SEE
3SB laborers and teamsters for all Darts of
California, some in San Francisco, $2 and $1 I»
day. $30. $26 per month and fd. ; 38 scraper
teamsters $27 50 and found
16 laborers, you'll suit this mine.. $30, $35 & fd.
J43..TIEMAKERS and WOODCHOPPER3..S43
$3, $2 50. $2, $1 75, $1 80, $1, 70c cord. 10c. 12c.
13c each, tools and provisions found, some
fares paid and at mines; Portuguese milker.
$35 and fd. ; 2 men or strong boys for a slaugh-
ter house, $20 and fd. ; 355 Jobs not adver-
tised COME SEE.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL— BAKERY— LAUNDRY.
36 cooks— COME SEE— $5O. $45. $40. $35. $30 fd. ;
4 first. 6 second. 3 third bakers, also boys
and helpers.... s4s, $40, $35. $30. $25. $20. $15 fd.
6 laundrymen, lroners, shirt hacker, polisher.
etc $25, $30. $35 and found
Chore boys for bakery; porters, hotels and
restaurants; waiters, country hotels and res-
taurants, city and country. $25. $30 and found
and $8 to $10 week; dishwashers, kitchen help
etc. MURRAY - READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
A— FARE PAID NORTH
65 laborers; you'll suit. MURRAY A READY.
A— WE PAY YOUR FARES.. TO SAWMILL 3
and redwoods (no experience required); 134
men for all classes of work, such as running
saws, machines, piling lumber, wheeling saw-
dust and 50 other different positions; any la-
borer can fill the bill; wages $26, $30, $35, $40
and found. MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 836
Clay st.
WANTED — For springs, 2 waiters; one to do
shaving and one to play piano; good chance.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— BoiIer-maker; country shop; good
place. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Gardener for ranch; good steady
Job: $23 and board. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Dishwasher, country hotel: nice
place; $20. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED -
Hostler for country stable. $30 per month and
found •
Bread and cake baker for country shop, $50
and found
Choreman on ranch near city; good steady
Job at $25 per month and board
Blacksmith for dredger, $40 and board:
steady Job
Wheelwright for shop in city. $2 50 per
day
Stableman for country livery stable. $30 and
found
10 farm hands for different places near city.
$26 and $30 and board
C milkers - $30 and $25
Working foreman on ranch near city, $30 to
$35 and board
Man to milk 10 cows and chore on ranch
In Sonoma County, $25. and others
W. D. EWER A CO..
610 Clay st.
I. R. NEVE and wife, call early
Typewriter and offlce boy
young English groom. $30; 2 men and wives
for private family, $45 and $50; farmer and
wife Sonoma County, see boss here. $50; but-
ter-maker, $40; 8 milkers, $25 .and $30; farm-
ers $1 day and $25 month; choreman for
ranch, $25; stableman for country. $23; floor-
man for s-hoelng shop. $2 50 day; 2 wheel-
wrights. $2 50 day; blacksmith, $3 day; starch-
er and polisher for country, $40 and found:
young man to learn laundry business, $17 59
and found; miners, $2 DO to $3 day; muckers,
carmen, laborers for mines, mills and woods.
and many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
628 Sacramento at.
WANTED— Broiler, $65: fry cook. $30; first
cook $10 week; second cook and baker, $12
week: cook for country boarding-house. $35
month and found: cook, miners' boarding-
house, $30; baker for country, $10 week; cake
baker $40; third-hand baker, $30; second-hand
baker, $25; confectioner's helper. $30; lunch
man $20 and found: waiter, hotel, $20 and
found: waiter, $7 week. $33 month: dishwasher.
$6 week, $20 month; German hotel clerk and
barkeeper, country. $23 and found; other ho-
tel and restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
CATHOLIC dishwasher. Oakland, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, ranch. $50, good place, see
party here at 10 a. m. to-day. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND cook, railroad eating house, $40. Utah,
see proprietor here to-day. MIS 3 CULLEN,
825 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
SAWYERS wanted; especially a first-class man
with experience to run circular rip saw. Ap-
ply to CALIFORNIA BARREL CO_. Twenty-
second and Illinois sts., Potrero. San Fran-
cisco.
WANTED — By an established merchant tailor-
Ing house In outside city, a thoroughly ex-
perienced ooatmaker who has had experience
In handling help, to make from 20 to 40 coats
a week, at an average of $3 60 per coat; a
guarantee will be given for 20 coats a week
the year round; must bring help with him;
workroom free. Address box 4643. Call office.
DRUMMER for wholesale plumbing supplies;
must know the line; wages $73. Apply by let-
ter, with references, box 4562. Call offlce.
STRONG Intellectual boy about 18 years to
learn mirror business: must have $30. MIR-
ROR SIGN CO.. 113 Hayes st.
WANTED— Barber for rest of week In Vallejo;
fare paid. Call early at 141 Ellis st.
BARBER for Wednesday evening, Saturday
and Sunday. 2CO Third st. •
WANTED— Custom pants cutter. Room 38.
Phelan building. ,
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop with baths in near-
by, town. DKCKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellla st.
EXPERIENCED layer-oft. CARSON GLOVE
CO., 35 Market st.
BOY, 16 years: one who Is anxious to learn
trade. Box 4568. Call offlce. .
WANTED— A night waiter at 43 Third street.,
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562. Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — Young man as waiter In hotel. Call
at 718 Valencia st.
WANTED— A shoemaker at SOS Third st.
WANTED— 3 shoemakers and cleaner for cloth-
Ing. Apply 1042/*. Howard st.
WANTED— Engraver for Jewelry store: steady
position for right man. Box 4369. Call.
BRIGHT young man to work In store; German
preferred. Apply 1600 Bush st.
WANTED— Good wagon blacksmith an_ helper
on Jobbing. 537 Brannan st-
WAITER— Young man; $8 week. Restaurant.
206 McAllister st.
WANTED— Second cook; call early. 106 Cali-
fornia Market. _____
TAILORS and pressers wanted. Apply 23S
Ellis st.
WANTED— A waiter at 19 Powell st.
BARBER shop for rent, completely furnished;
living-rooms rear. Apply 133 Gough st.
WANTED— Reliable man with small capital for
light, genteel work; can make $15 to $1S per
week: steady place. Apply 1016 Market' st..
room 10.
FIRST-CLASS cutter, fitter and designer on
ladles' tailor gowns. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116
Kearny Bt.
BUTCHER wanted as partner with $100 capital
,to take half Interest In business. Inquire
NW. cor. Fifth and Folsom sts. .
BARBER fixtures; complete set for 4 chairs;
cheap. 1201 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS mechanic and a housesmith at
, Hermann's Safe Factory, 417 Sacramento st.
HELP WASTED- MALE^ _
WANTED— Recruits for the United State*
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between tne
agea of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 reel
4 Inches and not over S feet 1 Inch In helglK.
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, writs
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Re«ruitlns
Office 40 EIIU st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
530 K*st.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks: day and evening
class: special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
m«.t> of city and Illustrated cataloarue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 6~
Clay st. ;
WANTED— Second man in fancy goods- must
understand laces, embroideries, gloves, hand-
kerchiefs veiling and n-ckwear thoroughly;
state age', experience, reference, salary- Ap-
ply box 4557. Call offlce.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 5Cc 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
_—_————
COOK— Crystal Hotel. Fourth and Berry sts.
A— SNAP— 3-chair barber shop. $100; well lo-
cated; good trade. Apply 1542 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmrticer for inside: weekly or
piece. MARK LEVY. 22*4 Geary st.. room 20.
BARBERS— 3-chalr outfit. complete, almost
new, at a bargain. 911 Larkln st.
WANTED— 2 proficient engineers and J capable
lever men for dredger; high wages; none but
men of financial responsibility need apply.
. Address box 4527. Call offlce.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
! WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard at. _
BOY II to 18; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
' WANTED— Tailors In Kern, Bakersfleld station.
by L. Clar.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 19
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third ?t.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the *»-— v.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Roonv 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22^0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been openea
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements «-«<*
subscriptions has been established at loss \ a-
lencla gt. ' ________ __^
HORSES. LIVK STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons. hn«^ c*'e *'
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1821
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team:_ 8 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent.. 80S Golden Gate ay.
HORSES WASTED.
WANTED— Good stylish carriage team oyer
18 hands: about 8 years old. B»x 4^ct. Call.
HOVSE9 TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1518. near Van Ness ave.— Sur.rjy
house of 7 rooms, bath and basement; new.y
renovated; fine yard; stable: $30.
ELEGANT sunny house near park: 8 rooms
and bath. Cor. Hayes and Devlaadero sts.
HOWARD. 574. near Second— « rooms, bath:
very nice and clean: only $IS.
HOUSE of 4 rooms; 20S Perry St.. near Fourth:
rent $7 50: water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
TO rent— For the summer: complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath. line garden. pnr»
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; S
miles from St Helena; Vx mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena, Cal.: also cottags
of 4 rooms; furnished cr unfurnished.
UPPER part of building at 629 Mission st. ;
contains IS rooms.
6-ROOM flat: Clara street; rent $14; also S
rooms for $0. KREDO & CO.. 33 Geary st.
IS*2 Pacific ay.; 10r..580 1136 Howard: 2<)r... $TT»
1810 California: 7r... 25 209 Grant ay.: 20r..1)0
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster; 11 rooms and servants*
room; 7 bedrooms; sun In every room; every-
thing In perfect order: stable on rear street:
will rent for 6 months or a t»rm of years.
J. H. OILMORE. 323 MontKorr lery St.
UOUSE - F ! () P- .- SA - LE - ~~
FOR" sale— A liouse to be removed. Apply 933
Bush st.
LOST AXD FUt.ND.
STOLEN from 540 Clay st., San Francisco, oa
Saturday, April 21. bay mare II years old) and
buggy; mare weighs about 1100 pounds; favora
left forefoot; with leather under shoe; Inter-
feres left hind foot;" white spot on each side
of back: buggy Is low set; side spring; piano
box: painted black: running red boards in
bottom shrunk apart about half an Inch; a
suitable reward will be paid for the recovery
of the same; also for apprehension of thieves
(said to be two). GEORGE WAGNER A
CO., 540 Clay St., tel. Main 1343.
LOST— Great Dane pup. blue, ears not cut:
answers to name of Romeo; bears llcens*
tag 3230. A liberal reward will be paid for
return of the dog to DR. E. O. JELLINEK.
787 Sutter st.
STRAYED — From 817 Eddy st, black cocker
spaniel; half breed: female; long tall; r.am*
Onlda; $5 reward for her return^
LOST on Bartlett or Twenty-sixth— Plans and
ifpeclflcatlona. Reward at 3343 Twenty-second.
MEDICAL. '
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In on»
day; 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 10074 Market st.
DR G W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023 1 * Market st.
DR NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; offlce hours. 10 a. m. to 13 a..
J to 5 p. m. and 7 to > p. m.
MRS Dr! KOHL, ladles' specialist-Guar-
anteed treatment at office $5: safe and re-
liable- consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS DR VVYETH. reliable specialist: horns
Jn confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce $5" any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' special-
ist" guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; saf»
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
Eliyßtcian; chronic diseases treated Mate scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment. 15.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent
female specialist: home or offlce treatment.
_ _______—__——————-—————¦———-——--——_ — _ i
VI-VI— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladies' specialist?
1113 Market: every case guaranteed: $5 up. *
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Privata horn«
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS,
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles: ladles' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness aye..
opp St. Ignatius, room 22, front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
~^ MIXES AXD MI.M.VG.
GOLD ».aver; we chatlenge all competitors;
call and see. 1793 Fifteenth st.. or 23 East
street.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH — WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and o*-
flea furniture and fixture*; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-IC2I-1023 M.salon
tt.. above Sixth.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear mach!n*;y. en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear at. '
CASH registers of every description for *a!e
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. »th and 10th.
ONE 2H H. P. 800 volt motor; standard make-
cheap. WHITE. 51* Mission M.
10A SSFI^. P Sr^ i £SSSrS&&ISS »¦-"*. to ,1:^,125 to ,4: open night!
Ult - -.--,,-r - .. r . ~-. . ,•,-.«•-, ROYAL, HOUSE. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
N. D. EICKELS— U>« LAND AGENT— H K ht. reading room. Bmoklng room and ladles'
" Geary it. parlor; rooms, per night, 85c to ,150: week, J5
-.»* tt.»vnnft_i *?-.),,. ««,„_. Mvw , n to ,8; month JS to ,20; elevator on office floor:
¦ftw'&uS?^l A mVl%!\S£; room, with kot and cold water; baths.
tre«s. barn, chicken house*; S minute* to elec EHEtIMAN Apartment Houne. 2S Eighth at.
trie cars or S. P. local. Address 8. PARKE, near Market— Furnished and unfurnished
San Leandro. ¦ — ____^ — ,
¦ — — — ; — - — ¦ — STOCKTON, 12 (over Pup Rctt«serl«) — Nicely
STOCK and grain ranch for sale In Coins* furnished rooms from ,12 to ,30. ¦:;,
County: 1240 acre*; ,10 per. acre; 600 grain, — — —^— — — —^— — — — _ _____
re«t hill land. M. B. CHA^'DON, Marys-
villa. Cal , TEJIAMA, 44— Two housekeesirx room*. ':*-
ri:uso.\ALS
LADIES' and tents' ca*t-off clothing bought and
sold. £ilverman. SfM Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
yearn' experience. J. D. RAT. 2iT Jessie Bt.
$5 PHOTOS for 12 per dozen at FOW%ER'S.
IKS Market tt., r.ear Taylor.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist ar.d business ad-
vice. iiO Market «.. second floor, rocm 37.
LEDEREIV6 Quintonica Hair Tonic mik*« the
hair lock so fine and gtosaqr; nothing else will;
iia bctUe. G. LEDEREB. IH Stockton st.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the. publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
HENRY J G'Lf.AGHE" .*;..
(Successors to Flannajran & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
BORN.
BROWN— In thii city, April 12. 1900, to the
wlfe'of Matthew Brown, a daughter.
McDERMOTT— In Giant. Cal., April 23. 1900, to
the wife of A. McDermott. a daughter.
McKINLAT— In . Nevada City, Cal., Aorll 18,
1900, -to the wife of Edward McKlnlay, a
daushter.
WOLTERS— In this city, April 17, 1300, to the
wife of John Woltera. a daughter.
POWELL. ISl— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
roWELL, 617— Nicely furnished suite; use of
kitchen; no children.
MISSION. 837 A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished;^rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
ORLANDO House, 959 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms: prices to suit: open night.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST R/IHOAE.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 22, 19C0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:OO. -3:20, 9:JO, 11:00 a. m.:
1245, '1:45. 3:15. 4:15. *5:15, 8:15. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 7:00. -^00. "10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 12:45, *l:30. 2:30. -3:45. 5:00. 8:09, 7:20
p. m. ¦
11:00 a. m. does net ran to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:35. '8:30. 7:50. 8:40, »1O:15 a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. -3:30. 4:30, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at -6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— «:IS. *8:C0. -9:50. •11:00 a. m.; »13:C0
m.: lifiO. 2:15, *3:30, 4:SO, -5:45, 8:45, 7:30, 10:20
p. in.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:S3. 8:45, l:C0. 5:65, 10:30 a.
ra.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS— 4:3S. 8:05. 10:C5, 11:10 a, m.; 13:15.
1-20 2:30. 8:45, 4:55. 8:15, 7:C5, 10:30 r>. m.
" ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays ezcepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
UKAL. ESTATE — COL.MRV — For Sale
THE Esparto Colony farm* In the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
Is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range In size from 10 to
40 acres and notv sold to Induce immediate
action at lew prices and easy terms; home-
seekers will never regTet securing one of thes»
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est In rnsrket; pood society, good schools (In-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; 1
railroad trains dally from San Francisco:
water for Irrigation when desired; superior to
Southern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the superior foils and all other advan-
tages named, will be cold at prices far below
tboee asked In localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence: there Is no more
Independent life than the small diversified
farmer*!: the farms sold before the pante
have become developed and are paylnc annu-
ally as much as 1100 per acre; you can leave
£an Frsncisco on t a. m. train, have i or 4
hours at Esparto, and back to ??n Francisco
early the same evening; you wlllflnd an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Espsrto, to «how you th«
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FIPKT. Worwiiand. Cal. I
$1200 — 4 4-room cottages; pantry, hot and
cold water; easy terms. 1322 Rhode Island st.
FOR sale— Factory. 10.700 feet land; sidetrack
ISW. R<ix 4507. Call office.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
* Etajres connect at Santa ftc««a for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservtlle for Skagcs Fprlnes: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hooland for Duncan
Sprln<C9. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Fartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vtchy Springs. Saratoga
Fpring*. Flue Lakes. Laurel DeTl Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lferl^y's. BucknelVs.
Panhedrln Heights. RullvtUe. Orr"s Hot
Fprlncs. Mendoctno City. Fort Brag*. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvlile. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotls>
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafa»l at half rates.
Ticket offlcen. K0 Market St.. CnronteJ* bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manag-er. Gen. Pass. A sent.
fifIUFOBMA Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running; and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Coicxectixq Train Leaves Sas Francisco*
I P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all Hailed
trains lor New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Franciscw at 5:30
FYDDFCS P- m - with Palace and Totinst
n a ii v "f* for Kansas City, St. Loaia,
fAll. I Chicago and East.
Local trains Vtwe«n Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulaxe nn A r»
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FDI^rO Market Street, Phone Mai a
IKI3IU 3UUP* 1531 . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
tray; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
£anta Clara. Street.
MILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAUALPAI3
SCENIC RAlLWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1300. Tia Sausalito Ferry. Weei
da>s — Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 p.
m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco, i a. m..
• a. m.. 10 a. m.. It a m.. 1:30 p. ra.. 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at ths Sau-
salito Ferry, north end of Unisr* Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st-. San Francisco. Fare.
_round trip from San Frar.ciaco. $1 **- mm^^ m^
sT **%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ML vrs M 62i> H KAE.M .IT. Established
!>}*< f**' v tS ln I "»•"»» for the treatment, of Private
Hj *k^*i f Diseases, Lost Manhn. d Debility or
t£fCZ^Z*s fliieaw^earirgon DfHjyand iiindand
w<ta > *~rS*l •''kin Dlmeaawt. Thedoctorcureswhen
; *l' >tD ersfs4l fry him. Charge* io'.r
V^;,.V .lrnr>..n» fi mi» lll l Ca!lorwrit«.
Or. J. *'? UIBBOA, Box J'JST. saa i'taoci— •<»
BARGAIN— For sale, fine aunny residence. 11
rooms, bath, attic and basement; modern;
pc-rfect 'order: grand view; large lot 80x114;
electric cars; might exchange In part for
smaller house or good lot. Address D. J.
MURPHY. 508 California st.. rooms 80 and 11.
PARK resMence: new bouse of 6 rooms and
bath on Beulah St.. near Cole: modern Im-
provements; street work all done; price $3SOO.
AoVly on Dremises.
CONSIGNMENTS from a piano factory to be
closed out at a great sacrifice on account of
f.re. Room 1% Flood building.
5M PAVED— I9O pianos at a sacrifice; Install-
ments 13 7J: rer.tg t2. HEINE'S. 13* Ellis St.
12 fCt-FOn rent— Fine upright piano; or seil
cheap. JC Keamy r
WILL sell for storage, upright. VJy. Thoa. Ball
plfc.no $20' A. B. Chase, Steinway and
other*. WILSON' 6 STORAGE. 1718 Market.
FORMER & CO.. Byron Maury pianos. 80S to
tAt Post st.
A PIANO In good condition $45
Fine upright piano <a bargain) $14i
Upright piano (slightly used) $167
Urrtfrfct piano, walnut (nearly new) $IS7
Fhe«>t mus'c. small musical instruments. S.
T. MUFIC CO., 225 Sutter et.
ABSOLUTELY the cld»rt and largest house
we?t cf Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
S6, 28 and SO OFarrell tt.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
cuetcrser.
KNABE pianos: new trale; r.ew styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell «t-
A FEW cf cur many enaps:
Edill upright $95
Estey upright; ep«<:lal enap 190
Eteck upright; excellent 250
Sterling upr.gi^; fine... 115
Vcse upright; walr.ut 2iO
Easy payments; pianos for rent. BENJ.
CURTAZ & 6ON, 16 OFarrell St.; Cfelckering
agency.
A BRANCH office for Call edvertlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia »t-
NEW houses for rent; only 4 blocks from Uni-
versity grounds: all the latest Improvements.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
I ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house of 8 or 9 rooms: large
grounds: convenient to station. Box 4838. Call.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
jSOO— FORECLOSURE; modem 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny aide of street; 3 blocks from
,rtatlon and school; terms $100 cash, »10 per
month. ¦' s ¦ ""
$1900— New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc.. com-
plete; near station and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
$16S0 cash — To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house: 8 rooms and bath; J3CCO:
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. H32 Park st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
At:?TIN"S Salary Loan Co.. 3C6 Parrctt bui'.d-
ine— Men <an secure leans on personal note.
CASH leaned to salaried people en note without
lodorcer. iIORRELL. CCS Examiner building.
$'' TO (SC.QOO; lowest rate?: Ist arM 23 mrrtpr. ;
ar.y proposition. DRTDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furn!rur<", j>Sancs, without removal: no
commie*! r. ; r'ivate. LICK, in McAllister.
IF row property is m^rreaced and you need
mor* moaej ** H. MURPHT. C3O Market st.
T r * Fsiar?ed m*n. without collateral or ind^rFer;
r-th"r "rnprsitiens: private r~>ms. Pan Fran-
Atrenry H3 Phelan buiidiz
MONET loaned; ur.^Tured r.cte of any man cf
c~'<i character. Presi-ott 4- Co.. Phoenix. Ariz.
TO fT.arif'i t*ople: without Fecurity: a!! busi-
otmt confidential. Tocalej Co.. 3tl Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 2%:
no removal: no commission. € Ed»ly et., r. 61-
SSI iN EY loaned salaried people w.tho-jt security.
KILL. rrr.. 44. Merchants' F!x<-hge. 431 ralif.
I/.ans r.si« on furniture at i'-j r»r cent: also
loans to falar>4 people. HARSHBARGER.
t?2 Bills ft., room S4.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PAI.ACE HOTEL.
C H Morse, Chicago Mrs N Ludicgton, Cgo
D B Hemstead, Utah Mrs J P Fleitz. Detroit
Mrs Henr.stead, Utah Miss Fleitz, Detroit
Mrs M Sayre. NY G L Fleitz, Detroit
A M Sayre, X V Mrs W C Smith, Chgo
E Danenhcuser, N V W C Burns, Pa
R Creswell, Phila Mrs Burns, Pa
Mrs Creswell. Phila L» J Bonsneld. N V
C E Webb. Elko, Nev ! H R McCullough. Chgo
C H Haberkorn. Ohio!W H Gardiner, Chgo
Mrs Haberkorn, Ohio E Dickinson, Omaha
H A Adaiaide. Ohio A M Ardny, Carson
A O Hewitt, Boston D S McCurdy, St Lake
R C Kirkwood, Cal W J Willets, Mich
Mrs Kirkwood. Cal Mrs Willets. MK.h
H J Small. Sacto G T Kearns, Colo
A W Foster, S Rafael IMrs A A Drake, N V
Mi?s N Dezelskl. N V IHelen Drake, N V
C E Rumsey, Pa iMrs M E Hobart, N V
Mrs P.urasey, Pa I Miss A B Engiis. NY
Mrs W X Ma?s?y, NY Mrs L D Bishop, Ohio
C B Lewis. NY IM Johnson, Albany
Mrs Lewis, NT [E S Bondy, Prague
F E Short, Fresno |W H Hollingb^rg, Cal
D S Rosenbaum. Cal jT A Grifiin. Chicago
D R Smith. Boston | Mrs Griffin. Chicago
G J Denis, Los Ang G F GriSin, Chicago
F H Green. S Rafael 'M Griffin. Chicago
Mrs E T Spring, Cal J M Arthur. Chicago
Miss S E Tennent, Cal J J N White. Boston
T Theberath. Cal jW McDonald, Colo
J S Murdock, London !W C Smith, Chicago
B F Bennett, Boston J H Cunningham, O
Mrs M Kervin. StLake Mrs TDStudebaker.NY
H P Kervin. St Lake Miss Studebaker, N V
G B Katzenstein. Sac A Holman, San Jose
C A Belden, NY W H Boothe Jr. Utah
W E Wheeler, Colo Mr« Boothe, Utah
Mrs Wheeler, Colo O G Snow. Utah
H Isaacs, N V T Harada. N V
A Bettins, Byron J Stork, Washington
H Stahler. Honda W A Greer, N V
C Dobbl?steln, Cal |G C Crocker, Boston
L W Bllnn, Los Ang |Mr» Crocker, Boston
Mrs Blinn. Los Ang jM Crocker. Boston
W F Barrett. Chicago C Crocker. Boston
J S Cressy, Los Ang iW O Rowe, N V
A G Slocum. Los Ang!w A Doyle, S Mateo
W H Gehiklns, L Ang F Buck. Vacavlll*
J H Blajge. Los Ang W A Junker, Cal
W H Breeding. NO G F Blandy. N V
J Flnnell, Tehama W S Watson. Pa
Miss Fourster, Cal Mrs Watson, Pa
W H Miller, Spokane .Helen P Watson. Pa
Mrs Miller, Spokane J Brooks, S Rosa
D P Klngsley, Spokane! J Rowen, Chicago
Mrs Kingsley, Spokane ; Mrs Rowen, Chicago
J C McCail. N V |G Mitchell. N V
E R Perklni. NY R Halloran. N Mcx
Mrs J S Tobin, Cal Mrs Halloran. N Mcx
W T Roberts, Colo O L Richards, N V
F P Williams, Olean J M Benham, Stockton
Mrs XV Kohl. Menlo C Maze. N V
Miss Kohl. Menlo Mrs Mare, N V
G P Holman. St Lake J H Kuhns. N M
R H McKaig, St Lake
GRAND HOTEL.
R Flndlay. Denver IChas H Blemer. Sacto
J C Franks. Cal (Mrs Frank & f. Wash
R J Stewart. Cal jC H Sibley, Los Ang
G Livingston & w, Cal Kauka Hale. Honolulu
W E Veazle. S PCo H Loverlng & w. Mo
B D Blakeslee, Nome Mrs Payne & t. Albany
W C Allen, Cal Miss Payne. Cal
W M Doyan. Cal Pldney Newalt. Stcktn
W Miliican &w, Cal S W Newall. Stockton
J E Bush, Redlands iE Sweeney &w, Cal
O B Waste & w, lowa J B Htggtns, Reno
S C Shale, Les Gatos J A Garver, Cal
J J Hebbron. Salinas iD A Dunlap. Napa
T D Mauser, Sacto E Campbell. Cal
S B Thorp. Mich G W Thompson. Cal
D G Kent & w, Cal C M Molteer. Cal
W C Gregg. Honolulu C M Campbell & w.
C L Bendy. Cal Salt Lake
S D White. Peoria XV H Benten. Cal
L R Swift * w, Cal A J Larson Lodl
R Nelson. La Fortur.a !C L Nye. Cal
C W Mills & w, Denver) Miss Graves. Cal
P Musto, Stockton E J Jones, Elmira
J Williams &w. Sacto N O Jones. Elmira.
W J Wlllets & w. Mich O M Weetcott, Conrad
C Thorn. Washington John Lawson, Cal
J P Davenport, Cal Mrs W Schaw. Sacto
H H Hunter. San JoseMlss Sehaw, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Gay. Sacto A B Stone. Mich
J Watts & w, Fresno W H Taylor. Sacto
G Hatch, Oakdale A Webster & w. Cal
H L Halse, Marysville J L Small, Riverside
W Van Valkenbergh, C M Watson. Cal
Byron. H L Johnston. Cal
W H Keen. Modesto J Baxter. Petaluma
D Fitzgerald. Ukiah R C Morris. Stockton
P Foley, Fresno |M Hansen. N V
D de Wall, Mich F Wallace. Lea Ang
A B Royce, Mich •
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
eervic* 1 ; money direct: lowest Rooms
tt a-i €». DoßOhoe Viui'.Hnß. 1170 Market st.
NOTlCE— Cremation. ODD FELLOWS* CEME-
TERY ASSOCIATION. San Francisco. Cal. If
the deceased was a member of a society or
of any organization having a presiding effl-
cer and recretary the charge for cremation
and a copper receptacle for the ashes Is $-50.
The same charge to members of the family
of such deceased. GEORGE R. FLETCHER.
Superintendent.
MOST reliable place to borrow en diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. KESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
h:(the»t price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furnltur* and
pianos; m removal; low rates: ror.fidentlal.
BONELI.I Conservatory bid?.. 130 Powell st.
ON rea! estate, Ist or 2nd racrtgapes, and on
furr.Sture or piano*: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. £6 Montgomery.
AT ITS K>amy tt.. rwm S. respectable private
plare to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
ra?»f: take i>>vatcr. Tel. Davis J55.
1100-US FUIt HOUSfc-twJbJUPiAO.
BUSH, 140S— Three furnished rooms and bath
for housekeeping.
MO.NEY TO LOA.\.
ANT preposition, any amount; 8 per cect; first,
tecend mcrtpages. estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
m^rtfcages: confidential: advice free. G E.
OLSEN. rtcm 18. first flocr. Chronicle bldg.
ANT amount at € per cent: Ift, Id end 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
tate; mortgages acfl legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my term* before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLY respectable private race to obtain
liberal advances on ijlamcr.ds. jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8»? Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third tt.
TWO unfurnished rooms for light housekeeping;
reliable man and wife; must be north of Mar-
ket "t. Box 4555. Call.
MADGE— In this city, April tt. 1900. Mary Ann.
wife of Frederick Madge, a native of Eng-
land, in the 66th year of her age.
tE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
("Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
MAGORTT— A requiem high mass wUt be of-
fered for the repose of the soul of the late
ALbis Masorty at Sacred Heart Church. Fell
and Fillmore streets, to-morrow (Thursday),
at 8:30 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances
are invited to attend.
MURPHT— In this city, April 23, 1900. Hannah,
beloved wife of William A. Murphy, mother
of William J. and the late John D. Murphy,
and lister of Patrick McDonald, the late Mrs.
Crowley and the late Mrs. Brickly. a native
of Ireland, aged 57 years.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are re3pect-
fullx invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 33 Federal street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROWE-TRAUTMANN— ApriI 23. 1300. 4 p. ra..
Rowe-Trautnrann, at rest. Harriet M. Dodge,
beloved mother of Maud M. Rowe.
ICTFrlends are resDe?tful!y Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 3:30 o'clock, at her late residence,
1347 Taylor street.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April 24, ISOn. A.
J. Henry Schneider, beloved son of Henry
and Christine Schneider, brother of Mrs. P.
Schneider. Mrs. William J. Hackineler and
August Schneider, and grandson of Mrs.
Margarethe Schneider, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years and 24 days.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April 24. 13C0,
Henry, beloved husband of Barbara Schneider,
father of William A. and Fred J. Schneider,
Mrs. Tlllle Esring, and Edwin G. and Henry
G. Schneider Jr.. stepfather of Mrs. H. Meade.
and brother of William. Mathew and Emlle
Schneider, Mr 3. C. Huber and Mrs. E. Har-
flnser, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 67
years.
STEINMANN*— In this city. April 24, 1300. Rosa
Steinmann, beloved wife of the late Frido-
lin Steinmann, and mother of Teresa and
Rosa Steinmann. Mrs. William Kllopel and
Otto and Fred A. Steinmann, a native of
Germany, aged €1 years.
SUBLETTE— In FmUvale. April 23. 1300. Wil-
liam A. Sublette. beloved husband of Jessie
F. Sublette, father of Willie M. and Joel A.
Sublette. son of the late William and Maria
Sublette. and brother of Mrs. Clara Fouse.
Maria Dafsonville. Nellie Bartells and Rich-
ard Sublette, a native of Wisconsin, aged SS
years 3 months and 8 days.
C^TFriends and acqeaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Davi3 street, near Redwood road.
Fruitvale. Interment private. Mountain View
Cemetery.
TRUMAN— In this city. April 23, 1900. Irwin
Clark Joseph, beloved husband of Mercedes
Truman, father of Ceymour. Viola. Lucelle,
Annita. Raymond and Robert Truman, and
son of I. J. and P. Truman, a native of
Canada, aged 33 years 5 months and 17 days.'
ICTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thta day
(Wednesday), from his late residence, 2415
Howard street, between Twentieth and Twen-
ty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Twentieth and
Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
WILSON— In this city. April 24. 1300, James
Wilson, a native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
THE monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association and for the parents and
relatives of the living members will be sung
in St. Dominic's Church to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock.
HKAL LM'AIK — cot.MX. — for Sale
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. MAY 8. 1900.
At 12 o'clock, noon.
At our salesroom, 63S Market st.
MISSION STREET BUSINESS PROPERTT.
Sooth side: 939-95*4 Mission St.. 12S feet east
cf Sixth; store and 14 rooms; rents $82 50 per
month.
PARK PANHANDLE LOT,
North side Waller St.. 32:6 feet west of
Ehrader, 2SxIOO feet; a fine lot, ready for
building; one-half block from Golden Gate
Park; a fine site for steady renting flats.
PARK LOTS.
South side Carl et.. 107:6 feet west of Stan-
yan; t lots. 25x137:6 feet each; a fine chance
for speculators as lots In this locality are
seldom sacrificed at auction to highest bidder.
VALENCIA STREET BUSINESS PROPERTT.
East side Valencia st.. 102 north of Seven-
teenth; lot 60x57:6 feet; a fine lot on the best
business portion of Valencia st.
BUSH STREET INVESTMENT.
South elde, 1411-13-15 Bush St.. between Polk
and Van Ness aye. : two !-room and one J-
r<x>m house; in good condition: rents tt2 50
p*r month; a fine large let, 65x120 feet, with
two frontages.
GUERRERO STREET RESIDENCE.
East tide, SO" Guerrero st., 77:6 south of
Twentieth; fine large nlce-appearlns residence
of 8 rooma and bath, all modern improvements;
porcelain tubs, etc.; lot 25x100 feet.
NORTH BEACH BUSINESS PROPERTT.
Southwest corner Baker and Jefferson sts. ;
larpe fine business cr.rner; 103x137:6 feet; par-
tially Improved with store, restaurant and
dwelling; rents $50 per month.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
South side. 1527 Howard St.. 212:6 feet eaat
of Twelfth; two flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents $ — per month; lot 25x100 feet.
SCOTT STREET FLATS.
"tt>st side, 1413 Scott St.. near Geary: three
flats of 5. 6, 7 rooms and bath; rents $77 50
per month; lot r7:€xW:6 feet.
MISSION CORNER LOTS.
Southeast corner of Noe and Hill sts.; two
lets, suitable for cheap homes; street and
sewers all done; corner lot 16:6x119 feet; inside
lot Zlxllii feet.
NORTH BEACH CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Lyon and Filbert sts.: sire
1:5x110 feet; a large, fine corner lot, suitable
for business, residences or fiats.
MISSION CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
Southeast corner Twenty-fifth and Castro
cts.; size 2SxSO feet; suitable for store and flats.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
POWELL 524-S2S (The Hedges}— Large sunny
rooms: marine view; excellent board: reaa'ble.
ONE 4-Fid>d tticker: 1 p!an>»r ar.d matcher; 1
sir com p^ee «=rr : 5 Irccmotivps. tf) Fremont
EPISON concert phenopraph. price reduced to
1100; conerrt record*. I! 58. BACIGALUPI,
52S Vfirl-ft ft.. Pin Fmnr'sci
I'll 1 >itIA.M» A.MJ >Li.Ui;O.NS.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— Office and residence,
icri4 Market tt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
FECON'P-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and bur^-
lar-prc"-f safe: cheap 4! Main et.
lkats — From April 15, 1900 — areivb
•7:0o% B»niria. SuUtit>, F.lmifa. YacaTCle,
R:s:i:i-j 4iiti - t.;r vi.fiito *7:13p
•I:«to» Shiata Eipress-DaTia, WUlows.
Ue.l EiuS, P-jtxlxud *7:43p
*?:3e.« Martinez, -«»ii !:*iinm. Vallajo. Nap*.
• 'alint ¦t»an.l .S*iit» i: •-.* *<t:l:>p
•9:30* Th^ Uteri ..i.l U ..i:ei!— Video, Dea-
Ter, Omaha, fhica^-) "3:13f
¦•iU«« Ran J— , Lifermure, Htocktoii,
Inne. HawiMSiitu PlacvrvUle,
>! .ryaiiiir. rbseit. Kad fttntt MiLlp
•Hiai»» *M:.u>n. Oak.U.c. .-Kjiiora. Carten... Ml 1»»
•9:O«« lUjwifls. NiMtiud Way . Stations. "I I: 13a
•U:oo a Datia. Woodland. Kni{hu Laodisz.
. M uystil.e. Ormillo. . »7:13p
•9:OO* Atlantic Kxprest— Ogden and Eaat *»:I3*
•U:Ot>* .\UriiiM. Tr •<¦>-. Lathrup. Stockton,
Mi.rce.Uuil *res«H». M3113F
• U:O»4 Pore Costa, Hie»uo, .Uojafe aud !.o«
AnxolffN •«:«3p
•IO:<m»a VhII.-j... Martian ami Way Stations Mt:«3r
¦ll:Ot)( Nilti, LiTormore, BtuckUiu. Sacra-
ni- :>:•: Mendota, llaitfortl, VUalia.
I\.r.er»ii:» MjlSp
•I2:OOx Haj<?ar<:«, Ni!es and Way KUtioas. *3: l-1r
f ItT-Tt ßmiihi nla RtsatStaassasa t%:fl«p
•:;:(M»r II .yw «»:.«. VOm »ud Waj Stations. *3: 13r
•|:i>i»r UaxUIMH, Hsat lUnton. Vallejo,
N*l'-i. t'u.iv.-Kii. .-i»uti Uu«» *tfil9*
•l:«i»r B-joitl*. V.tcvl.le, HacraMiento.
•.'•..-.• I :.u,,1, Kiiluhts ijuiJinc.
Mirjmtinr. ()f..»l]|« •l*): 43*
••:3<tr Nile*, *au . fr*e»utl Stockton *?:I3f
•3:«»rThe Owl Limited— Tracy, fresno.
lUi.rr-.H-M. engiis for nn. t» Uax-
bar», Los Aisles 'l»i«J»
•r»jSOrStocktoD. Mvrcal. Vresuo M3il3f>
I-.-h fUtsl— i l>--tii-<. El Pmo,
N- w ' >ri -.i 4 si. J. Cast •%: 1.1 «
•3i2Or M«i.U fm V. ...: At »ii'.!e Ei;rei«
forMdJKT-ai.il i:.nt Mliiar
•0:»»p II iv* tr n, NHesamirtan Jose •TiJ-V*
1«:3»r Vausja # ia:l3r
*U:2»r Oriental Mail— Ogtleo, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chlc»io •0:15*
•0:3»r Oriental Mail— <.>gden. Denver,
Oicat*. Chicaso. MjlSf
tT:»Or V»ll!-Ju. P-"* fussa and Way Sta-
tious .• :9:S3f
•8:«3p Oftjon and {'*!!.'¦ ri.i* tSipraat, N»o-
wmwlii '.hr)«>i.>. IC*hl.llii«.
r»rt!»lni. V, ,-¦ Smiml •».) Cut *«:l.1«
EAFES— ICew and eecond-han4. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO . 417-423 Sacramento st.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly obtained
by using Talcotfs Curling Fluid: 250 bottle.
AFX ts see the 14-karat poll lady's full-Jeweied
American watch; rrice Sl2: worth $20. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant avenue.
COLO <ji:artx «?carf pin: made by Ehreve; $5
PORTLAND LOA.N OFFICE. SS Stockton st
A FINE salt; 110; drefs pams. ti 75. Misflt
Cloth'.r.i: parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
DIED.
Augustine, Frank O. Himbert. Hans
Ballou, Esta A. Jacobsen, Maria E.
Belloll, Clement J. Jones, Peter P.
Blean. Herbert L. Kilborn. Augustine
Blum. Lehman King. Georse W.
Burk. Charles Love. Harry J.
Butcher, Harry F. McCarthy, Mac G.
Carlos. Tiburcio McQuaide. Mrs. Mary
Carroll. Mary Madge, Mary A.
Craig-. John Magorty. Abble
Dalton. Irwin W. Murphy. Hannah
Dekau. Harry G. Schneider. A. J. H.
Dodge, Harriet M. Schneider." H«nry
Everett, Maggie C. Stetnmann. Rosa
Fortier. Pierre A. Sublette, Wm. A.
Gately. Mamie Truman. Irwin C. J.
Goldmeyer, Louis Wilson, James
Hart. Elizabeth
AUGUSTINE— In this city. April 24, 1900, Frank
Oscar Augustine, beloved brother of Mrs. Ph.
Gaupp, Mrs. C. Gustavson, Mra. C. J. Wes-
ter. Mrs. J. Hansen and Otto. Andrew and
Karl Augustine, a native of Sweden, aged
26 years 2 months and 1 day.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thurfday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, corner of Post. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BALLOU— In Oakland. Aorll 24. 1900. Esta A.
Ballou. mother of Phillip and Harold Bal-
lou, and sister of Mra. J. O. Bodwell, a na-
tive ».f New Hampshire, aired 57 years.
BELLOLI— In San Jose, April 23. 1900. Clement
J. Belloll, oldest son of J. A. Belloll. and
brother of Theodore E.. Joseph A., Emlle.
August, Rosalie, Louise, Clara and Isabel
Belloll and Mrs. Eleanor Hammonds, aged 26
years.
CTFuneral this day (Wednesday), at 3
o'clock, from the family residence, 80 South
Fourth street, San Joee.
BLEAN— In Berkeley. April 23. 1900, Herbert
Leslie, dearly loved son of James E. and
Nettle Blean, aged 7 years 4 months and 5
days.
BLUM— In this city. April 24. 1900, Lehman,
beloved husband of Ettie Blum, father of
Mabel Blum, and brother of Isaac Elum of
Portland, Or., a native of New Orleans.
(Portland and Pendleton, Or., papers please
copy.^
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from 21S0 Post
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11-20 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
BURK— In this city. April 22, 1900, Charles
Burk, a native of Stockholm, Sweden, aged
52 years. (Portland. Or., papers please copy.)
C7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from James Ha-
san's undertaking parlors, 445 Valencia
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUTCHER— In this city. April 23, 1300. Harry
F. Butcher, a native of Missouri, aged 23
years.
CARLOS— In this city, April 24. 1900, Tiburclo,
beloved husband of the late Guadalupe Felice
Carlos, and father of Frank Carlos, a native
of Mexico, aged E0 years.
CARROLL— In this city, April 24. 1300. Mary
Carroll, mother of Kittle and Mamny Carroll,
a native of California, aged 39 years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
CRAIG — A solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
John Craig In St. Dominic's Church, corner
Bush and Steiner streets, this (Wednesday)
morn.'nir at 3 o'clock. Friends are respect-
fully invited to attend.
DALTON— In this city. April 23. 1900, Irwin W.,
beloved Bon of Edward and Myra M. Dalton,
and brother of Peter E. Dalton and the late
Minnie A. McCarthy and George A. Dalton. a
native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 3
months and 6 days.
C7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 12 Elizabeth street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
DEKAU— In Benicia, April 23. 1300, Harry Ger-
ard, son of G. H. Dekau, and brother of
Walter, Dorothy and Willie Dekau. a native
of Benicia, Cal., aged 17 years and 19 days.
ICSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fi»ly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence In Benicia.
EVERETT— In this city, April Z3. 1900. Maggie
C, beloved wife of Harold F. Everett, daugh-
ter of William and Kate Erwin of Virginia
City, and sister of Mollle and William Er-
win. a native of Stockton, Cal., aped 29 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respe-»-
fully invited to attend the funeral thl3 day
(Wfdr.P3day>, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
FORTIER— In this city. April 22. 1900. at his
residence, 2917 Washington street. Pierre A..
beloved husband of the late Elizabeth Fortier.
a native of Havre, France.
[CTThe funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church. California street,
near Fillmore. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
GATELY— Young Ladies' Institute No. 2— Dear
Sisters: You are hereby invited to attend a
requiem mass for our late sister, Mamie
Gately, at Holy Cross Church, to-morrow
(Thursday) mornine, at S o'clock.
MRS. MULLEN. President.
MARY DONOVAN, Secretary.
GOLDMEYER— In this city. April 23. 1900,
Louis, beloved husband of Fanny Goldmeyer.
and father of Samuel, Alex, Isaac, the late
Tlllle and Abraham Goldmeyer. Mrs. Max
Bremler and Aaron and Theresa Goldmeyer,
a native of Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged
77 years and 6 months.
CJ^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 20 Tehama street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, by train from Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
HART— In Stockton. April 20. 1900. Elizabeth,
daughter of the late Nancy Hart, sister of the
late Hush R. Hart, and cousin of John E.
Sullivan, a native of New York, aeed 54 year*.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repo*e of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HIMBERT— In this city. April 24, 1900, Hans,
dearly beloved son of Charles and Catherine
Himbert. and brother of Carrie. Charles. Ar-
thur and Emma Himbert. a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years 3 months and 14
days.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parent*. 1014 De Haro street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the remains
will be cremated. Kindly omit flowers.
JACOBSEN— In this city. April 24, 1900, Maria
E.. beloved wife of Edward E. Jacobsen, a
native of Denmark, aged 66 years.
JONES— In this city, April 23. 1900. Peter Paul,
beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. John J. Jones,
and brother of Thomas P. Jones, Mrs. J.
Sexton, Mrs. A. Mesendumk and Reynold,
Antona, John and Edward Jones, a native of
California, aged 28 years and 6 months.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30" o'clock, from the family
residence, corner of Army and Alabama |
streets, thence to St. Peter's Church. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, at 9 o'clock, ,
where services will be held for the repose of
his soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
can-lace.
KILBORN— In Sausalito. April 24. 1900. Au-
gustine Henry Kilborn, youngest son of Wil-
liam K. Kilborn.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KING In Stockton. April 22. 1900, Geonre W.
Kins, husband of Margaret .King, dearly be- '
loved father of Mrs. Louisa M. Neave. and :
brother of Mrs. H. J. Layton. Mrs. M. I
Thompson and John King, a native of New j
York State, aged 69 years 3 months and 15 !
days. ¦ - ¦ i
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this uay (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his son-in-law. 1329 Henry street
Berkeley.
LOVE— In this city, April 24, 1900. at his resi-
dence, 51S Laffuna street, Harry J. Love,
dearly beloved husband cf Mac L. Love, be-
loved father of Mildred L. Love, dearly be-
loved son of Mrs. C. R. Bradley and the late
J. H. Love, and brother of George. Etta,
Charles, Walter and Mabel Love and Mrs.
Harvey Crowe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years, and 9 days.
E^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl- i
dencei 51S Laguna street. Interment I. O. O. |
F. Cemetery- \ j
MCCARTHY— In this city, April 23. 1900. Mas
G.. beloved daughter of John J. and Ellen J.
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco.
(?r Funeral private.
McQUAIDE— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Mrs. Mary E. McQualde at Mission Dolores
Church, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
ONLY $4 for fine 24-!nch switches this week.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo 5c j.kg. ; neat par-
lors: finest haidresslng in town, 25c only;
manicuring, 2oc. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
A— l GUARANTEE to permanently remove the
most stubborn growth of superfluous hair by
electrolysis; call and Investigate my treatment
that enlarges and fully develops the bust and
neck; free treatment this week. MISS ISA-
noRE BARRETT. 1207 Market, op. City HalL
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights
elegant new furniture: single, suites: trans't
MABBIED.
GARRETT— BRYON— In Alameda, at the par-
sonaee, April 24, 1900, 'by the Rev. H. Cope-
land, T. S. Garrett of San Francisco "and
Alice Bryon of Alameda,
SWEENEY— LYNCH— In this city, April 24,
1900, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father Hanni^an. Eugene J. Sweeney of Los
Angeles and Mary A. Lynch of Petaluma.
ROSEDALE House. 819 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms
night. 20c to $1: week, $125 to $4; open night
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, Ssc to $150: week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with tot and cold water; baths.
PALiIISTKY.
OFARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
NUMBER of large sunny rooms for gentlemen
$10 to $35; call for list. 613 Examiner bldg.
NOE. 830—2 or 8 furnished runny rooms with
all modern conveniences In a beautiful neigh-
borhood; new house; Castro-st. cars one short
level block distant.
MISSION. 862H — 2 large eunny back furnished
rooms; bedroom and kitchen; rent, $12.
MINNA, 667, cor. eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
LARKIX, 715— Sunny corner rooms; running
water; gas and all conveniences.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John F. Bernard, 40, city, and Mary B. Tur-
man, 40, city.
William K. Bush, 28, 523 Shotwell street, and
Jennie L. Martin, 16, 220S Mission street.
Willis Polk, .34, city, and Christine B. Moore,
John C. Castle, 28, city, and Kate M. O'Brien,
Charles Wetherbe*. S7, 214 McAllister street,
and May Cole, 35, 909V4 Dolores street.
Robert H Johnston, 31. 205 Second street, and
Mac E. Soper, 23, 15 Heron street.
John R. Ramsey, 37, 242 Bartlett street, and
Agnes B. Friederleks, 23. 37 Ninth. street.
Owen Larkin, 37, , Watsonvllle, and Agnes
Finnegan, 25, 216 Marshall street.
Greeor G. Fraser, 40, city, and Marl* I* Cur-
Carlo'Baboil, 38. 110 Pacific street, and Ade-
lalda Garratl. 20. 110 Pacific street.
HYDE. 1106 — Nice sunny alcove room; also
oti.tr rooms.
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5
Isc to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 946— Neatly . furnished double and
single rooms. $1, $1 15 and (1 50 week; quiet
and respectable.
HARRISON, 784H, near Fourth— Finely fur-
niehed sunny rooms; bath; all latest Improve-
ments; homelike; $1 week up.
ELLIS, 623, cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished
room; mantel, folding bed; Welsbach light.
CLEMENTINA. 327. flat B— Fine room to rent
to a gentleman by a German lady.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
T<">U CAN buy any kind of a musical Instrument
en JEsta ! .!rr.er.t* "from us. MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. TO Market e%.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 8 p. m.
CB LEADERS are DECKER & SON. and
PACKARD: either oive will suit you: they are
th* be«t that matter will buy: we sell on pay-
ir-ent* if you wish. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
7CS Market et.
WE DO NOT sell Twr rlanos. %
WE DO eel! good pianos cheap.
WE WANT to show you how cheap we can
reV. a good piano. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
STEVENSON. 461, near Sixth— A nice sunny
furnished room for housekeeping; all com-
plete, with running water.
TWELFTH. 145— Sunny furnished front suites
of 2 and 3 rooms for housekeeping.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
Kb MARKET STREET.
SNAPS.
FORCED SALES.
LEAVENWORTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
(13, WO — Three-story house, 10 rooms and bath,
and S fiats of & rooms and bath each;
rents $108 60 per month; lot 40x60 feet.
SeSGO— ELEGANT FLATS— $8500.
$1,500 Cash, balance $»4 per month— Two
eleeant modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath: porcelain tubs: fine tile man-
tels: frescoed dome ceilings, etc.; lot
25x106:3 feet; close to park panhandle:
rents JCS per month.
BUSH-STREET BARGAIN.
I6.Soo— Near Polk st. ; lot 27:6x120 back to Fern
aye.; double frontages; lot alone worth
$?0v0: improvements 2 houses and 2 flats;
rents $64 per month; $4500 bank mortgage
can remain.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
JB.oOO— New eleear.t niodern house, 12 rooms
and bath: beautiful, artistic and modern
In every particular: on Cole st.
BRODERICK-STREET RESIDENCE.
$3,50<) — Near California St.; elegant modern
houee, S rooms and bath and servant's
room, etc.; every modern improvement;
porcelain tubs, tile mantels, etc.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$3,2S0 — Built to order: new house. 6 rooms and
bath; porcelain tubs; tile mantels: ras
Krates; china closets: pretty, artistic
front: iron fence; cement walk; bitu-
men street; cars pais the door; Mission
warm belt; will make terms.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
$2.000— 0n Welch St.. near Fourth; 3 flats of
4. 4 and 3 rooms; rents $23 per month:
lot 20x&3 feet.
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTT.
ll£o per foot— 4s feet frontage street; best
business portion.
EASTON. ELDRIDGB & CO..
C 35 Market st.
SEVENTH, ITS — Large sunny room, complete
housekeeping; also single front room; yard.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
LARGE sunny front room, elegantly furnished,
modern; appreciated if seen: very light house-
keeping allowed. IGI4 Sacramento, nr. Larkin.
HOWARD. 940—3 rooms, housekeeping, fIL
I TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
ALL makes of standard typewriters from $25
to $45; guaranteed: pend for aamplea of work.
L & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA, 2523— Front and back parlors;
suitable for 2 gentlemen or single room; near
the Presidio; breakfast If desired; private
family; references.
((KM 1 ItlVlsioN (Urna^Hixiage).
flhlr.l and :<>....-..¦* SU)
SACRIFICE— New J-room, S-story house; lot
26:9x100; with chicken house, etc.; suitable
for flats; must be sold; make an offer; $2000
or less. SHADBURNE, 6!6 Sacramento st.
ELEGANT new IU-story cottage of 7 rooms in
Excelsior Homestead, on Lisbon st.. near
China aye. : part down, balance monthly pay-
ments same as rent. Particulars BALDWIN
& HOWELL.
VAN NESS ay»., 944 (The Wallace) — Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnl*h«d:'s2Q.
6AFEB. r.ew nr.d f»crnd-han i. all rir.es. THE
WALTZ SAFE. l"?-i:i MarkK n.. San Fran
A U-TON Fairbanks Frale ar.d fire and burg-
lar-proof safe. 21S California *t.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
GASOLINK engines; all sizes; «econd-hand.
cuaranteed. NEWELL BIIOS.. 1«
Firs; st.
TWELFTH, 142— One nice sunny furnished
room.
TWO unfurnished rooms with running water
rent reasonable. Apply 51 Natoma st.
PERSONALS.
NOOMS TO LET— Porn, and Unforn
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
" ' 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$2•.6oo—Paclflc-ave.2 •. 600— Paclflc-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence; 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$Sooo— Octavia st., near Broadway; two-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND- RESIDENCE
1 ' ¦ SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st.. Treat
ay , e -> Thirteenth and Fourteenth sts.. being
offered in subdivisions; call at office and get
diagram; $1400 and upward. •
. » A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40.000— Third-st. corner; 137:6x137:6; store and
lats; good Improvements; rents $250.
$40,000 — Folsom-st. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents' $170; lot 100x87:6.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$32i)0-Rltch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 50: lot 22x80.
$6000— Rents $65; Natoma st.. near Sixth; coal
rard and 4 flats above; lot 25x75.
.„-,-, RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7000 each— Facing Jefferson Square on La-
giina St.; special offering of several choice res-
idences; get a diagram and particulars at office.
$.000— Nice suburban home; 7-room cottage,
bath, high basement; large lot. 106:6x178; near
Misaicn road; windmill; tish pond; every fea-
ture on country home, while being convenient
to city.
$11,000— Pine st., near Buchanan: good mod-
ern residence; 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
plumbing:, electric lights; lot 25x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
$5000— Van Nets aye.; corner; 22:6x109.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6x127:8^!
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY,
$3250— Mi1l Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; large lot; will trade for
tlty property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
¦•VTIIKRSI rtririr compast.
lr«oiric stsTfciO
Train* l»ir :>¦••! »i «• tin*- to mrrlv* at
(Main Line, Poet of MarkeS Stfeet)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
MISCELLANEOrS — FOR S.VLD.
CXH «»cond-hand metal turning latne. planer]
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
fete-am pump. Eir.ery cear; also pipe fittings;
1 atrusaabile. nearly completed; 1 second-hand
rr:-n> Peter VrUht anvil: tne 7-horsepower
pa? engine. E<3 Howard et.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A pood rooming house
for pood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk *t. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1031
Valencia st.
CAPT-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. EO6 Kearny st.
SUITS on easy installments from imported or
donestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
£32 Kearny st., between Sacramento and Cali-
fornia
A— l 3 SO DEUIJY and Fedora hat*. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
HIGH-ABM P'.r.cer sewir.p machine: good con-
dition: complete: cheap. 1513 Mission, r.r. 15th.
A COMPLETE outfit of M-hand s>ausa«e ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Wolrman. IS Fremont.
ROOMS AND HO % III).
A FAMILY having a large, well appointed
and refined home wishes to secure a few
couples to board and room; first-class In every
particular: references required. Address box
3454, Call office.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms:
Sto to $1 50 per nipht: $1 50 to $8 per week;
free "bus and baggare to and from the ferry.
G. D. 'MORSE, photoprapher. 1606 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Srott: phone Steiner 3331.
POSTACLE er.cines. boilers: Utffl end wood
planers: lathes: td-har.d. J. Burke. I 3» Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cY.ezv TypewrttW Kxchange. «0> California.
•CEW p.nd »cf-cr.4-han-* stot machines bought
er.-1 »nM V C. BENTHAM. MS Market st.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden St.. Oakland.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table- prices moderate: 2 car lines pass uotel:
elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. IEO4 California
st.* corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ir.g call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up.
ALASKA fur rarments. hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINKMAN. 109 Fansime H.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovat-d;
suites and single rmi; sunny: excellent table.
HOTFL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: chanced
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
studio 11 Oeary et.. ground floor.
LAS PALMAS. lS? n Market *t.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply Twen-
ty-fourth and Florida sts.
!UISCEI.K%\n<U S \VA\TS.
EECONTVHAND rarflen ttosa and attachments;
must b* reasonable. Ohio Der.tal Parlors,
KO Market £t.
CWT kW.FT and best In America— The Weekly
Tali IS rages, sent to any address In the
TTr.ltert Ftat»s or Canada on© year for $1.
tT ANTED ?rr cash — Loan association *tr>ck.
Aflflre— . with particulars. F.. box tUX. Call.
CIO prteea paid for fuM-.iress fjlts. PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Pf.ckton; will call.
ROOMS AND BOARD W\NTED.
ROOM and board near Standard Shirt Factory;
must be reasonable. Box 4570. Call office.
>NLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAS AND WATER SERVICE.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and
I Bts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right
on the Park and the new Nineteenth-aye. bou-
levard; most of the lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine investment; good
building lots: all ready; lota on official gTade;
macadamized; plank sidewalks; 6 per cent in-
terest only.
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes: elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
once: go to our branch office to-day, cor. H st.
and Ninth aye. ; price lists, etc.. there or at our
office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — P>^:or!d-har.(l urr'cfct piano for
rash. H. L. "WHITF.HEAn" lTli Uarkrt «r
HIM i>l\ lsii.% ;N.irinn Uaaire).
TFiiot^f M.rlcet Stfert.i
{7:43 a Ssntt <*raz Excursion for Siat»
Craz and Priiicisai Waj Stations J8:03»
•»:134 Nf>**r... ( -N'-.-.i:. -..-ill .!,.(¦-. f, .r.. ii,
lloulvierCrrak, -Santa Crux aud Way
Buttons •«:«•#
f2:l3r Newark. Ce>iterfl!ltr. San Joar, Nrw
Aini«(lnu, Frlbm, l,oul«ier Creek,
H»;im <.'ruz and I'iliieipal Way
Stations tlO«!»»»
•4:l.tp Newark. H»n Jose, Lna Oatos •Si.%»»
a<: 1 3? Glen wood. Felton. Santa fra ««j3«a
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Union Oil Co. of California will remove
Its office May 1 to the Mills bldg., rooms
31 and 32. 7th floor.
HAVE jcu real eetate in the Mission or Hor-
r.ei's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call en XV. J. GITNN. £30 California st.
B^D tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery *t.. rooms 9-10: tel. ."3?0.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr«aEii r.:.;.j;:j-».j: »r s>r<u s-..'«-..?...s -..'«-. .? ... 3>—
•7;U 900 11.00t.H. 11:53 •253 1J;59
M:C3 tS:S3 *«::3r.M.
IfomUIUSS — faai •'3r.j ! jm». — -rt.CO 8.00 IO.OQi.M.
ti2:ca n-oa t2.:3 'z-.:z ttw »&«>¦¦¦.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page., sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL k'nds boueht. sold, exchanged, rented;
renn'r'n?' at lowest rate* 2fln Fourth St.
STORAGE ASD WAREHOUSES.
FIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5711
CLEMENTINA. S27— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; couple only; no other roomers.
BEKINS Van «nd Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 535: packing, moving and storage,
COMPLETELY furnished parlor, two bedrooms
and kitchen: rent only $12. including water.
Apply at 515 Second st.
PACIFIC Ptoratre and Furniture Movintr Com-
pany. 2321 Fillmore ft.: nhcnp Jackson Til.
FIFTH, 34« — Two nice housekeeping rooma;
rent cheap.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping, t con-
necting, $10; 3 connecting. $12; single, $5 up.
FOLSOM, S34— Large sunny bay-window room;
kitchen, closets, bath; everything private; {13;
alcove, $14.
SUMMER. RESORTS.
CAMPING ground at Redwood Grove: 10 min-
utes' walk from Fairfax station, near San
Rafael- also furnished house of 7 rooms to
rent Inquire of J. S. Bellrude, Sausalito, or
J E. ?LINKEY & CO., SE. cor. Market
and Fifth sts.
GEARY, 1012—4 unfurnished sunny rooms; par-
lor floor: bath; reference.
(0:IOa ''cemn View, (south *«a Franciaeo.. tU:^Op
t«:OO* San .l.i— ami Way Hutimi* . Ns»
a:.;i!-. \V«<l»e4il»}»<>nl}) *l:3Or
17:30* Sunday Excursion f r £au Jose;
Banta. Crnz, !'»::.¦ Grove and
Principal Way Stations :»:33»
•BiOO* H»u Jum. Trea I'ltKis, Smiti* «'»u«,
Pactfla tirofo. I'asn R»Msa. Basj
],nia Obfcnot .Surf. Looipoc ami
PriueipaJ WayAtaiioM **»!•»
•lii:in, a«n J--f »»«l Vftj .stations ••>«»»
¦II:3W« Maii.loac.LosGatoa tiul vv,t}-*utiu«is *3::n»r
ftslSrSui Matro, l^Uwuoil. Menlo P*rk.
I'alu Alto. Santa Clara. Hail .lota.
Tre« Pinoa. «»atm Vtmm. Salluaa,
Muninri »».l t'^cittc Gro»e 'l»:Srt\
|:i::i»r-jn,!.wu:l wk y >,:»¦!,..« •~:3»p
tt:llir S»u Jinem.l rrii.c:;.*; W«j HUMons "J. ••"»»
15:uor Sfv-i Jose. Leu Gatos and Principal
Way rttations *»:««»
**:3»r San .lose »:nl Principal W*j -Stations t<*:3-1*
•B:.ittr s»!i.Ji>«9*iiil WmyStaUona ?i:«o»
Hl:»f Ban .I<mr *»¦! W A y >tat:iuis «7:3i>i>
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
'Daily. t SundaT »iceptfd. t oundaj only.
6 Saturday rmly.
a Satnrdsy ftnd Bumlay. c SnmUy and Monday.
HOWARD, 761 Vfc— Nicely fum. sunny bay-win-
dow; other rooms; man and wife; moderate.
TO LKAStE.
TO Lease — All or part of vacant property: 95x
360- on Missies St.. near Fifteenth: will build
lirht Ffructure. Owner, box 31 0 I *.- Call.
KEARNY. 223. near Sutter— A front suite. $12;
pas, Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARGE kitchen and bedroom, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: rent |1 50 per week.
Apply at shoe (store. 562 Mission st., between
First and Second sts.
MARKET, K2S — 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping. $11; 2 unfurnished J6; 3, 88.
NINTH, 23fiB — Sunny suite of 3 rooms; gas
stove: also sinifle; new flat.
CALIFORNIA NTTHW^TZfiN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuxon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WLtK DAl'S— 7:^o. 9:w>. 11:00 a. m. ; U:35.
J:3O. 5:10. 8:30 p. a. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 d. ta. Saturdays— Extra tr.jia at l:*t>
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 1:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. »:3bw
6:00. S:2O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9.20. 11:10 a. ta.: 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. rr.. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1::5 and 8:35 D. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:19 a. m.: 1:40. J:4O.
1:05, (:25 V- m.
Between San Francisco and Scsaetzen Pars;
same schedule as above.
NOE. 153. near Market— 2 sunny bay-window
rms.: modern cor. fiat; range, bath, tubs; Jl2.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Pan Francisco. I Apr. 15. 1300.1 San Francisco.
OAK, 119 — Sunny parlors, furnished for house-
kpg.; reas.; also sunny back room, same; $6.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window; closets, gas etove. mantel; |10.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor floor. 2 to 5 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
ia>;< AL I\!>THCixt:.VTS.
AS *c r?r.reseEt the best make of pianos in
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as cur installment pay-
merts are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upriFht piancs. ti cash. $C per
D r;h: other r'.arcs $3, $4 and $"> per EBOBth.
FHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stemway Dea'ers.
ccr. Ke&rr.y and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
' Days, f days. I Destination.! days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 io Novato. 10:40 am( »:40 am,
1.30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pmjlO:2S ant
5:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:20 pm
Fulton.
1:30 ara Windsor. Xo:2saa
HeaMsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
2:30 pm 8:C0 am Clnverdale. 7:33 pm 1:20 pm
7:» am! I Hcplar.d I 110:25 am
1:30 pm! 8:00 am! and Ukiah. I 7:33 pm! 6:20 pm
7:30 am , 10:23 am
S:CO am Guemevllle. 7:33 pm
»:30pm «:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 arr. S:4O am
I and
5:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. C:O3 pm B:2> pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am'lo:2S am
3:30 pmf 6:CO pm! Sebastcpol. ! 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
BKKKRI.RY K..AI. KSTVTE.
FINELY furnished house of 12 rooms to let; in
the very choicest part of Berkeley; references
required. MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
WEBSTER, 711 — 2 or 3 large handsome rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; modern improve-
ments.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
ROOMS TO LET — Karat, and I'nfara.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth—Rooms
25c to $1 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
OAKLAXD FURNISHED FLATS.
120 — FLAT; 7 rooms: complete for housekeep-
ing; gas range. 516 E Fifteenth St., Oakland.
A— "THE ELMER H^TTSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
OAKLAND fc'UR.MTtmtS - FOR SAL^.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
AN 'Ctroductlon to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FELL, 2?l— Furnished rooms; private family;
home comforts.
GEARY. 405 <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms; suites or single; travelers accom.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; 51 50 to J5 per week.
HANOVER House. 827 A Howard— Changed
hands: newly renovated; housekpg. and sing.
DELIXQUENT NOTICES.
San Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March,
1900, the several amounts set opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
Vo. No.
Name— - Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Spreckels.. 1 53,313 1-3 $999 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 80
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. 1900, so many shares of each parcel of
such as tnay be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company, 226 Market street. San
Francisco, on the 28th day of April, 1900, at 3
p. m. of such day, to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costa of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Pecv . 228 Market st.
DIVIUUMJ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 104 (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the oempany.
827 Market st.. on and after Tuesday. May 1,
1900. Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
April 25. 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
XV. D. K. GIBSON. Acting Secretary.
A FEW 4sye cr.ly— New pianos, S2 M per mo.
ECOTT-CrRTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st.
C.OD Fis<-fcer- treat harraln. SCHMITT^ 18
McAUieter et.. next Hlbernla Bank.
FINK Fi^hor and Ptelnway uprlcht: sacrificed.
KEEFFT'S. ICli Van N"ss aye.. nr. Geary et.
W. G. BATKJER. 412 Sacramento at., ag^ent for
Francis Bar^n and Hallett & Davis pianos.
6T"PER;or violins. atUhere. old and r.ew. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. I Latham place.
KEARNY, 215— Sunny rooms, 11 50 per week
and up; also housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY, SlS— Newly furnished sunny front
suite, or with use of kitchen :«ceasonab!e.
OFFICES ASC STOnES— TO LET.
ONE mo. free; nic* store with living: rooms; »10
for t mot.; worth *25. gPECK &. CO.
PART of workshop at low rent. $40 Mission
etreet.
LARGE etore. corner Seventh and Natoma;
used 30 yrs. as grocery and *aloon; reasonatle.
VALENCIA, SS-3. near Twenty-fir»t— Large, ele-
gant ttore; rear rooms: large basement.
FOR r»nt— Elegant rfflres in Y. M. C A.
rru'.'.tfirr. Mason and Ellis *ts.
MME. Neergaan!, Pres. Et. Germain College cf
Palmistry: re*<sf 1 to 8. C:S Oeary. nr. Jones.
rAHTXEES \VA.\TED.
FIRST-CLASS painter as partner: American
pr*?err«-d: rood ref. Painter, 340 Third, r. 10.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL MP.ECrORS AND EMBALMSBS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
/ncflVOY ««: co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1239 Market St., between Bth and 6th.
Telephone South 247.
11Vocal Teacher Sued by Pupil.
Professor J. "W. McKenzle, the vocal
teacher, was the defendant in a suit
brought against him by Hugh Callender.
one of his former pupils, in Justice of the
dent of the Transvaal Committee of California;
organ solo, "Battle Prayer" (Professor E. Wer
ner), Professor K. Werner; address. Hon. John
P. Irish; chorus (selected), Scandinavian so
ciety; "Auf "Wohllauts Fitttgen" (fantasle for
three zithers) (C. Umlauf). Misses E. Schnei
der, D. Bahr, L. Klopper. members of th«
Columbia ZJther Club; "Rose Frelhelt." chor
us. Social Maennerchor. Rothmaenner Lleder
kranz, et aL, conducted by Professor Franz
Dletz; "Schwyzersanfr. Was G!ebt es Scho^n'res
uf d'r Welt" (J. Schneeberser), singing so
ciety of the Gruetll Vereln (Swiss), mixed
chorus, conducted by Professor Franz Dletz;
(a) "Auf den Bergen" (Abt), (b) "Lledes
Frelhelt" (Stunz), grand chorus of the sing
ing societies Alpenrosli, Germanla, San Fran
cisco Turn Vereln, Mission i Turn Vereln,
Schwaben Vereln, Walhalla. et al. : "My Flag"
(Roeckel), Alamo Quartet, Mme. Couisen-
Roeckel, Mrs. H. Le-wls, Mile. Elena Roeckel,
Miss Tlllle Miley; violin solo (selected). Pro
fessor Bernhard Mollenbauer, accompanied by
Miss Edith Batchelder; (a) "Abschled Tom
Vaterland" (F. Moehrlng). (b) "Heute Scheld
Ich. Morgen Wand're Ich" (C. Isenmann),
jp-and chorus by the singing societies Teutonia,
Eintracht, Freundschaft, Saenger Bund, Bay
em Bund, Frele Deutsche Gemelnde, et al.,
conducted by Professor J. R. Rlegger; Trans
vaal national hymn, Mme. E. Coursen-Roeckel;
"Der Alpen Frische3 Gruen" (J. It. Krenger).
slr.glng society of the Gruetll Vereln, mixed
chorus, conducted by Professor Franz Dletz;
organ solo (selected). Professor E. Werner.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
SAVERS OF THE
WINTER FLOODS
READY TO ACT
Contract Will Be Signed to
Apportion the Work
Contemplated.
California "Water and Forest Associa*
tion, Two Departments of Federal
Government and Two Universi
ties to Co-operate.
Methods for storing flood waters have
been engaging the attention of Interested
parties throughout the State. Represen
tatives of the California Water and For
est Association, the State University and
Stanford University and J. B. Lippincott
of the United States geological survey
will meet in this city next Saturday for
the purpose of contracting surveys for
the construction of works to store flood
waters.
The two universities, through proper
representatives, have agreed to contribute
their best efforts. The Government
through the D. partment of Agriculture
and the geological survey will supply the
necessary funds. The "Water and Forest
Association will also supply money, $10.
000 having been already subscribed. Prob
ably not more than $2500 will be necessary
for the beginning.
The country tributary to Cache Creek,
Stony Creek and Putah Creek in the Sac
ramento Valley, Tuba River in Lassen
County and Santa Ana River has been
selected as fields for preliminary work,
which will consist of the location of res
ervoirs, an investigation of the water
supply of each district and an Inquiry into
the matter of conflicting rights.
v^. ¦
HI Serges and Cheviots.
20 pieces GENUINE CHEVIOT SUITING, warranted all
wool and 46 Inches in width, 10 different shades....
SScYaid
30 pieces NAVY STORM SERGE, two different shades,
full 42 inches wide, sultahle for outing wear
65c Yard
18 pieces 50-INCH BLACK CHEVIOT SUITING, shrunk
and sponged, veru superior (rualitu.. Sl.OO Yard
NOTE.
All the ahoye goods we have on display this week,
and our patrons in the interior are reauested to
write for samples of same.
21-lnch Open Work, Satin and Taffeta Stripes, In latest
pastel colorings 51.50 Yard
20-inGh Taffeta, Pllsse and Corded Effects,- In great
varletg of colorings and styles
$1.35 and &1.50 Yard
22-lnch Monotone Effects, In extra heavß warp printed
taffetas, all new designs $ 1.50 Yard
24-lnch Satin Striped Taffeta Gros-Graln Silk, In light
and dark colorings, extra cnialltu SI. 15 Yard
FOOTPAD GROWS BOLD
AND USES HIS PISTOL
A. Rodgers Shot in the Shoulder While
Trying to Escape From a
Highwayman.
A RODGERS, a young butcher, re
siding at 916 Pine street, was held '
0 up and shot in the right shoulder
by a masked footpad shortly after ,
7 o'clock last night. The shooting occur
red on Jackson street, near Franklin.
After the encounter the wounded man •
hurried to the. Receiving Hospital un
assisted and secured treatment.
The bullet struck half an inch inside the '
edge of the scapula and followed across
the sheath of the shoulder muscles and ,
lodged In the muscles of the right arm.
Drs. Armistead and Thompson probed for
the leaden missile but without success.
They decided to resort to the X ray to lo
cate the bullet.
Accoring to Rodgers' version of the
affair he was walking up the Jackson
street grade, between Franklin and
Gough. accompanied by a young woman,
when the footpad, who had been follow
ing in their wake, touched him on the
shoulder. As Rodgers turned the high
wayman pointed a pistol at him and or
dered him to throw up his hands. He
obeyed with his right hand, the left being
grasped tightly by his. companion.
"I asked him what he wanted," said
Rodgers, "and he replied, 'I want your
money.' At that moment the lady pulled
me away and my upraised arm was low-
Detectives McMahon, Reynolds, Deenan,
Wren, Sullivan, Graham and a half dozen
more were detailed to scour the Western
Addition for the footpad.
It is believed- that the highwayman went
downtown soon after shooting Rodgers.
Being well dressed, he was enabled to
mingle with the crowds along Market
street without attracting attention.
At a late hour last night the entire de
tective force of the Police Department was
put on the case and every section of the
city Is being searched for the criminal.
In the Divorce Court.
Juan Dorrego was granted a divorce
yesterday by Judge Bahrs from Guada
lupe Dorrego on the ground of desertion.
Annie Harloe has been granted a divorce
from Charles C. Harloe on the ground of
failure to provide.
Suits for divorce have been filed by John
M. Ricker against Mary A. Ricker for
desertion: Susie M. Putnam against Soulo
A. Putnam for desertion; Marie Fontanel
against Louis J. Fontanel for cruelty;
Mary E. Coleman against Henry M. Cole
man for cruelty, and Clara Vecki against
Victor G. Veckl for cruelty.
Estate of the Late D. V. B. Henarie.
T he Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late D. V. B. Henarie was
filed yesterday. August Muentner. John
P. Finn and Ira D. Thompson, the ap- i
praisers. find the estate to be worth i
5252.C74 54. It consists of moneys in bank j
J13.524 54, 500 shares of the capital stock of !
the Mutual Savings Bank valued at J22.- j
UiO, 2500 shares Eastern Oregon Land Com
pany and 1000 shares Dalles Military
Wagon Road, valued at $150,000. promis
sory notes of the Leake Glove Manufac
turing Company of New York valued at
J30.01X). 21 « shares Pacific Telegraph ami
Telephone Company valued at $21,400, ISSO
chares of E. Martin anO Co. valued at
$146,250, real estate on Twenty-second
street near Valencia valued at $9000 and
real estate in San Jose valued at $10,000.
Lecture on Alaska.
John P. Clum, United States PoEtoffice
Inspector. . will lecture at the Calvary
Presbyterian Church. Powell and Geary
streets. Thursday evening. April 26. His
subject will be ''Alaska— Its Value, Vast
ness and Grandeur."
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures,
and everybody can have them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing.
New moldings coming In all the time.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market stret." •
TELEPHONE LICENSE
WILL BE COLLECTED
Tax Collector Scott Will Recommend
That Present Order Be Amended
to Comply With Charter.
Tax Collector Scott will go before the
Supervisors' License Committee this aft
ernoon for the purpose of recommending
that the ordinance which provides for f
icense of $2 per quarter on "all machines
n which on deposit of a 5-cent piece cer
tain services are rendered" be so amended
&*.£ U n c °n for m with the provLTons
of the charter. Supervisor McCarthy holds
that the ord nance plainly covers T nickel
fc, the >; SlOt telephones, and that the Pacific
lelephono Company is indebted to theclty
The Tax Collector declares that as soon
fle.nuv L csol V,V On Is conveyed to him of"
ficlally.he will proceed to obey it. He is
of VhL #£ i 0, nt ho ™? v «. that section two
of the charter, which provides that an
ordinance shall embrace but one subject
Th! PP T eVe f* !, he , enf orcement of the order!
T h linkn k Co Uf c i or stat es. however, that
he will be guided entirely by the action of
instructions 3 WiU Carry OUt thelr
ANNUAL MEETING OF
LIFE INSURANCE MEN
Many Prominent General Agents
Gathering at the Palace for a
Big Dinner.
A number of general agents of the New
York Life Insurance Company arrived in
the city yesterday to attend the annual
meeting to be held to-day. More agents
are expected to arrive this morning. About
fifty of them will sit down to a banquet
this evening at the Palace Hotel. Third
Vice President D. P. Kingsley of New
York and' his wife are here; also J. C.
McCall, son of President J. A. McCall and
secretary of the General Agents' Clubs,
and B. R. Perkins, . superintendent of
agents, both of whom make their head
quarters In New York.
Among the general agents from west of
Denver who registered at the Palace yes
terday are the following: R. E. Brett of
Victoria, B. C. F. J. Cressey. General J.
H. Blagge, A. C. Slocum and W. H. Gehr
kens of Los Angeles, "W. T. Roberts of
Leadville. R. H. McKalg. W. H. Bortlie
and wife and O. G. Snow of Salt Lake. B.
Holloran and wife of New Mexico, J. N.
Benham of Stockton and Walter H. Miller
and wife of Spokane. -V"
To Get Rid of Hoodlums.
A meeting of citizens living In the Yidn
ity of Bay street and Montgomery avenue
met last night to devise means of ridding
the neighborhood of the hoodlums that
congregate there. The chairman was In
structed to appoint a committee to confer
with the Board of Supervisors and Police
Commission regarding the matter.
TO CLOSE ALL THE
STORES ON MAY DAY
Street Railway Companies Making
Preparations to Handle Teachers'
Picnic Crowds.
There is a movement on foot to have all
the stores In the city closed on May 1. It
was started by those in charge of the
teachers' annuity fund benefit, who are
working night and day to make the com
ing event a success. Many of the teach
ers suggested that the exercises In Glen
Park would be more largely attended it
the clerks and other employes of the
downtown stores and wholesale places
could be given a day off from their labors
on that occasion.
A number of the larger employers have
been interviewed and nearly all of them
agreed to the suggestion, with the proviso
that the closing of stores be general. Be
tween now and .the 1st • of May nearly
every business man in the city will be ap
proached with the- request that he close
shop on May 1.
The promoters of the movement are of
the opinion that they will succeed and
that nearly every clerk and employe In
the city will have an opportunity to enjoy
the outing with his family and friends.
All the spare men and cars of both the
San Francisco and San Mateo and the
Market-street companies are being made
available for the big Mayday festival. The
former line will have its nineteen new big
cars out on that day, besides all of the
other remodeled ones, which have .been
receiving an overhauling in the shops dur
ing the past six months. This company
has been figuring how it could get suf
ficient power to propel these additional
cars, as the motor power of the plant is
not sufficient for the extra work. The
solution of the problem has been reached
by the offer of the Market-street company
to furnish the San Francisco and San Ma
teo company with all the extra power
that may be needed on this occasion.
By the completion of the tunnel leading
into Glen Park along Bosworth street the
Market-street company is enabled to run
its cars into the park direct from Mis
sion street. To meet the tremendous
tratjlc on Mayday Manager Vining of the
Market-street system has evolved a plan,
which he thinks will be satisfactory tp
the public. For the accommodation of the
people residing* in the Western Addition
all cars intended to enter the grounds
direct by way of Fillmore street will start
from Broadway and Fillmore street and
go straight to the park without transfer
ring. For the Mission people the starting
point will be the carhouse on Mission and
Twenty-ninth street, thence direct to the
park. Persons taking Valencia-street cars
will have to walk one block from the
southern end of Valencia street to th&
carhouse. It is -estimated that 150.000 per-;
sons will be transported to and from the
park by the two lines of electric cars. All
cars south of Market street will transfer
to the Mission cars at Twenty-ninth
street.
OFFERS THE CITY A
FINE WATER SYSTEM
Lake Tahoe and San Francisco Works
Agrees to Construct the Plant
for ?21,215,000.
The Lake Tahoe \ and San Francisco
Water Works yesterday submitted an In
ventory of its property and works to the
Board of Supervisors. The inventory was
accompanied by a definite offer to deliver
water to this city at a pressure of 300 feet
above the sea level. The offer is outlined
In the following five propositions:
The company offers to construct the
works, with a capacity of 30,000,000 gallons
daily, single pipe line, for the sum of $17,
960,000, or with two pipe lines from the
reservoir for $20,405,000. For a capacity of
100,000,000 gallons daily the sum of $21,215,000
will be charged. For a capacity of 100.000,
000 gallons daily above the Intake reser
voir and 60,000,000 gallons dally to San
Francisco, single pipe line, the price will
be $28,772,000, br with two pipe fines $32,
600,000.
The time in" which the company binds
itself to finish the works under any of the
propositions will be five years. The differ
ence in the foregoing estimates and the
one made September 23, ISS9, to bring 30 -
000,000 gallons daily for the sum of $15 000*.
000. is on account of increased thickness of
metal used, the factors of safety being
much higher than was intended.
Wholesalers Suffer Loss.
Wholesale dealers In wire nails and -wire
fencing In this city say they have lost at
least $100,000 In the last few days by rea
son of an arbitrary reduction by the man
ufacturers in the price of these goods, of
which reduction they were first notified
last Saturday by John W. Gates, chair
man of the American Steel and Wire
Company. The reason assigned by Gates
is that there is an overproduction. The
New York correspondents of the San
Francisco houses have written that the
move came about by reason of the short
ing of stocks, and that the shutting down
of twelve plants controlled by the com
pany was ordered to affect speculative
values.
IN MEMORY OF COMRADES
WHO HAVE PASSED AWAY
Services Held by George H. Thomas
Post, Grand Army of the
Republic.
George H. Thomas Post. G. A. R., held
services last night in Red Men's building
In memory of Samuel O. Gregory. C. B.
Hutchlns, George A. Fisher. Henry P.
Stults. F. C. Muller. George Hageman.
Fred V»~. Xeuman, James Ryan, A. M.
Brown, P. F. Walsh. Henry Williams, D.
J. Staples and F. S. Douty, comrades
who passed away during 1533-1900.
The memorial service of the Grand
Army of the Republic was read by Com
mander A. Mautner. after which J. H.
Roberts, the adjutant, read the records
of the deceased comrades, closing with
a peroration. Rev. J. S. Thomas delivered
the address of the evening. In addition
there was a programme of appropriate
vocal and instrumental music; also reci
tations that were listened to by a large
audience. "W. J. Watson, A. J. Vlning.
Hugh M. Burke and A. D. Cutler were
the committee on exercises.
SF the gallant, fierce-fighting Boers
knew of the hearty sentiment favoring
them expressed at the benefit meeting of
their sympathizers at Metropolitan
Temple last night they would be nerved for
harder battle. The house was filled with
an audience that hissed every mention
of the British nation and cheered every
mention of the heroic Boers.
Judge Cooney, chairman of the Trans
vaal committee of California, presided,
and after announcing several substantial
subscriptions .to the fund for the support
of the widows and orphans of the Boer
patriots introduced the speaker of the
evening, John P. Irish.
Colonel Irish ably reviewed the condi
tions which led up to the present war and
incidentally roasted the British for what
he called the worst kind of oppression.
He told the history of the Free State and
the Transvaal in a manner that aroused
genuine enthusiasm and he was continu
ally cheered during his discourse.
In addition to the oratory there was a
musical programme under the direction
of Professor Franz Dietz that charmed
the big gathering. The singing of the
choruses was really excellent and there
was not too much of it. The programme
follows:
Chairman of the evening, M. Cooney, presl-
GUILTY, DESPITE
RANK PERJURY
Chan Kam Quey Proved to Be
Illegally in the United
States.
The Depraved Woman Swore That White Wit
nesses Had Perjured Themseives and
That She Was an American.
KIM Qi El , or, as she gave her name,
Chan Kam Quey, repudiated the
confession made by her to Chinese
Inspector Gardner. Chief Dunn of
the Chinese Burea.u and Miss Donaldina
Cameron, matron of the Presbyterian Chi
nese Home Mission, and went on the stand
yest'-rday in Commissioner Heacock's
court and swore that those witnesses had
j>*rjured themselves. She had previously
lia.d two private interviews with J. N. L".
Wilson, her attorney, the last being yes
terday morning and lasting an hour. Com
missioner Heacock will recommend her
deportation.
On the preceding day Mr. Wilson made
an arrangement with O. D. Jones, official
Chinese interpreter of the United States
District Attorney, to interview the woman
at the mission home. Jones was to meet
Mr. Wilson at iii o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing in the office of the District Attorney.
Mr. Jones waited until 11, when he re
ceived a Up through the telephone that
Wilson was at the home with a Chinaman
in consultation with the woman. He hur
ried to the home and found that Mr. Wll
eon had concluded an interview of an
hour'B duration and that his services were
not required. Then it was that Jones
realized that he had been holding the sack
and the candle in the old game of hunting
tnipe.
liert Herrington. the lawyer who had
tried to kidnap Chan Kam Quey at May
field, did not appear. Marshal B. Wood
worth. Assistant United States Attorney,
appeared for the Government.
The defendant was the first witness. She
testified that she was born In San Fran
cisco, and was married to Wong Ling
Ding in this city a few we«ks ago.
"1 did not tell Dr. Gardner that what I
had testified to in Mayfleld was false,"
paid the witness. "I did not tell him that
JJert Herrington forced me to testify to
what was< not true or that he had threat
ened to put a bullet through my head or
that either Ay one Fong or my husband
Wor.g Ling Ding had forced me to testify
falsely. I am 21 years old, find I was born
.hi Washington street— l don't know at
what number. It is not a fact that I
came here from China two years ago with
the Omaha Kair people, and I didn't tell
Dr. Gardner so. My father and mother
•lied in this city — my father before I was
born and my mother when I was a few
months old. I have never been in China.
I never made any statement to Miss Cam
eron through an interpreter or otherwise
that 1 was born In Shanghai and that I
)in«l been at the fair In Omaha,
"Mrs. Brown at the Presbyterian Mls-
Fion asked me to go upptairs with her and
tried to s»t me to admit that I had come
here for the Omaha Fair. I said I would
not admit it. even if . they killed me. I
never said to Chief Dunn of the Chinese
Bureau or to any one else that I was
afraid that Wong Fong and Wong Ling
iJing would be hanged, and that taking
pity on them I testified falsely at May
lield. Wong I-ing Ding had a wife, but he
has no wife now but me."
While the woman was making this de
nial the expression of disgust on Commis
sioner Heacock's face deepened, and when
Lawyer Wilson mildly objected to a ques
tion the Commissioner broke in with: "I
don't think the questions are of much con
sequence now. I certainly cannot believe
this woman, for her statements are in di
rect conflict with the statements of the
Federal officers. I have come to the con
clusion that she is testifying falsely, and
you are of the Fame opinion."
Lawyer Wilson replied that he did not
think so.
Mr. Woodworth subjected the woman to
a severe cross-examination, in the course
of which she admitted that she had re
sided for a year in a bagnio in Bakers
alley.
Mr. Wilson admitted that his client was
a depraved woman. Then followed the
woman's statement, that after the May
field trial she had remained in Bert Her
rington's house with Wong Ling Ding for
several days. Her husband, she said, was
a physician and owned a gold mine in
Trinity County.
Mr. Wilson asked that a continuance be
granted for the purpose of securing the
attendance of Mr. Herrington.
"The press has said some very ugly
things about him," said Wilson, "and he
ought to be allowed to explain. He is a
gentleman, and I can vouch for him as a
man of honor." The court denied the re
quest.
Miss Donaldina Cameron of the Presby
terian Mission Home. Dr. J. E. Gardner
and Chief Inspector Dunn reiterated the
statement that the defendant had con
fessed to them that she had perjured her
self and that she was not entitled to re
main in the United States.
Mr. Wilson offered to prove that the de
fendant had married Wong Ling Ding a
few weeks ago: that he was a physician
and owned a gold mine in Trinity County
He claimed that the defendant was enti
tled to remain as the wife of a merchant
irrespective of the fact that she was born
here.
"There is testimony before me." said
Commissioner Heacock. "that the defend
ant came from China for the purpose of
taking part in the exposition at Omaha.
She was entitled to remain here for three
months after the close of the exposition.
She had no right to remain in the country
for any other purpose, and she could not
take upon herself the status of the wife
of a merchant or a physician. I find that
she was born in China, and I shall recom
mend her deportation."
Peace Barry's court yesterday. Callender
sued for $190, which he claimed McKenzia
owed him aa the proceeds of a benefit con
cert. The vocal teacher testified that the
concert was an artistic but not a financial
success and that only $31 was realized.
which was just enough to cover expenses.
Judge Barry reserved his decision.
BOERS ARE LAUDED
BY SYMPATHIZERS
Large Audience Listens to the
Grilling of Great Britain by
J. P. Irish.
House Filled With People Who Hissed Every
Mention of the British Nation and Cheered
the Heroic Republican Forces.
GENTLEMANLY HIGHWAYMAN AT WORK
57y> HIGHWAYMAN' with the manners
//_\\ of Claude DuvaJ, the famous rob
// \ her of old, is operating in the
Western Addition. During the
jiast week he has hold up several people
at the point of a pistol and robbed them.
About S o'clock Sunday night, while Ed
xrard Northrup and his best girl were ad
miring a building which is In the course
of erection at Washington and Laguna
streets, they were suddenly confronted by
a well-dressed young man. After doffing
his hat and apologizing for interrupting
them he quietly drew a pSftol from his
ovtrcoat pocket* and. pointing it at North
rup, demanded hi? money. Northrup'p
companion, thinking he intended to rob
her. took out her purse and started to
hand it to the highwayman.
"I don't want your money, my dear
lady." apologetically remarked the pol
ished knight of the road. "You'll need it
jx-rhaps to buy. Fime things that are dear
to the feminine hf-art."
While thus addressing the woman the
robber kept his revolver trained on North
rup. who was nervously searching his
pockets for his loose change. Taking out
i 5 cents, he handed it to the highwayman.
"Sorry you haven't any more." remark
ed the rubber, "but this will buy me a
necktie."
Turning to Northrup's lady friend, who
was on the verge of collapsing, the mod
ern Claude Duval bade her to cheer up.
"Th*>re is no necessity for being alarm
ed." he remarked, again lifting his hat.
"Perhaps a quiet Ftroll with your gentle
man friend might do you some good."
Then, turning to Xorthrup. he ordered
him to "take the lady for a walk."
"Don't turn around." he commanded,
"or I might be compelled to take a shot
at you, much as I would dislike to."
After the couple had gone a short dis
tance the robber walked along Laguna
street and was soon lost in the darkness.
Northrup described him as being about
20 years of age. rather tall, with a light
mustache. He was tastefully dressed and
wore a light overcoat of the latest style.
As soon a? the robbery was- reported to
the police several detectives were imme
diately dispatched to the scene of the
hold-up, but after a thorough search they
faii<-d to get a trace of the robber.
John J. Deane was also held up Monday
night, presumably by the same man. He
was accompanied by his wife, and when
near Broadway and Fillmore street he
was confronted by the robber, who, after
covering him with his pistol, ordered him
to "shell out." Deane gave him $3 50 and
the highwayman departed apparently sat
isfied.
NEW STYLES IN FANCY
SILKS FOR WAISTS.
SILKS.
I* B H awL HhV H \tL m yft B ia B H B wt
MODERN CLAUDE DUVAL
STOPS YOUNG COUPLE
Edward Northrup and His Sweetheart
Held Up by a Lone Bandit Dressed
Like a Gentleman.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 25, 1900.
MEETING HELD
TO CORRECT A
BAD BLUNDER
Congressional Committee Is
Too Busy Arranging
Programme.
Finally Discovers Its Mistake and
Fixes Time and Place for Hold- ,
ing the Convention at a
Special Session.
»
Another meeting of the Fifth Congres
sional District Republican Committee
was held last night at the office of W.
H. Cobb in the Parrott building to rectify
a curious blunder.
At the meeting held last Thursday so
much haste was displayed in adopting
the caucus programme to appoint dele
gates to the State and District conven
tions that the committeemen forgot to fix
a time and place for holding the Congres
sional District convention to select dele
gates to the national gathering. They
also neglected to fix the representation of
Santa Clara and San Mateo counties un
der the apportionment provided by the
Republican State Central Committee.
In order to correct • these mistakes and
make the record clear the committee was
convened last night. Max Goldberg,
chairman, presided and W. H. Cobb acted
as secretary. J. Alva Watt, holding the
proxies of Alvinza Hayward and R. Dono
van attended.
J. D. Mackenzie, E. I. Robinson. F.
R. Danforth and G. H. Fairchlld, commit
teemen, were also present. Judge Dibble,
who is not a member of the committee,
••graced the occasion" with his presence.
The following revised call was submit
ted by Mr. Uatt and adopted by the
committee:
Whereas. By the call of the National Repub
lican Committee the selection of delegates to
the National Republican Convention to be held
In the city of Philadelphia on the 19th day of
June, 1900, was referred to the Congressional
l>istrict committees throughout the several Con
gressional districts of the United States, there
by devolving upon this committee the duty of
providing for the selection of said delegates;
and whereas, the State Central Committee of
California has fixed the apportionment of dele-
Kates to the State Convention to be held in the
city of Sacramento on the 15th day of May,
IDW, under which apportionment the county
of San Mateo is entitled to six delegates and
the county of Santa Clara la entitled to
twenty-Biz delegates, apportioned as follows,
viz. : To the Fifty-fourth Assembly District,
nine delegates; to the Fifty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict, nine delegates; to the Fifty-sixth Assem
bly District, eight delegates, and under which
apportionment the city and county of San
Francisco Is entitled to 112 delegates; and
whereas, by agreement between the sub-com
mittees heretofore appointed between the
Fourth and Fifth Congressional Districts, the
Fifth District is entitled to have that portion
of the district lying within the city and county
of San Francisco represented by fifty-four dele
gates; now, therefore.
Resolved, That the apportionment of said
delegates for that portion of the Fifth Con
gressional District situated In the city and
county of San Francisco be as follows:
To "the Thirty-fourth Assembly District;
seven delegates; to the Thirty-fifth Assembly
District, six delegates; to the Thirty-sixth
Assembly District, eight delegates; to the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District, eight dele
gates; to the Thlrty-eiphth Assembly District,
eight delegates; to the Fortieth Assembly Dis
trict, eight delegates; to the Forty-first As
sembly District, nine delegates: and, .
Whereas, It is further provided by the call
of said National Republican Committee that
the delegates to the National Republican Con
vention shall be selected by conventions called
by the Congressional district committee In the
manner of nominating Congressmen la such
district; and
Whereas, Under the primary election law
adopted at the last session of the Legislature
of this State, approved March 3, 1599, con
ventions to nominate Congressmen must be
chosen under and pursuant to said law; and
Whereas, No primary election can be held
under said or any law until the second Tues
day of August, A. D. 1900; and
Whereas, In the absence of any such prim
ary election law the holding of a primary
election would be without the safeguards
against the frauds that notoriously have ac
companied every primary election held in this
city for many years past; and
Whereas. The Congressional committee of the
Sixth Congressional District, Including the city
of Los Angeles, the second city of this State,
has resolved to appoint the delegates to said
State and Congressional district conventions;
and
Whereas. This committee Is advised that a
majority of the counties of the State have, ow
ing to the absence of any law controlling the
primar?' elections, resolved to appoint the dele
pates to the said conventions; now. therefore,
be it
Resolved, by this committee. That a Repub
lican convention for the Fifth Congressional
District be and the same is hereby called to
convene in the convention hall at the city of
Sacramento on Thursday, the 13th day of May,
1900, at 1 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of elect
ing two delegates from said Fifth Congressional
District to the Republican National Convention
to be held at Philadelphia on the 19th day of
June, 1900, and for the purpose of electing two
alternate delegates to serve in case of the ab
sence of the two first elected, and for the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the convention.
Resolved, That the delegates to the Fifth
Congressional District Convention to be held
pursuant to the call of the National Repub
lican Committee, as aforesaid. Fhall be ap
pointed by this committee according to the ap
portionment hereinbefore recited.
Resolved, That the delegates bo appointed
shall he the reDrosentatives to the Republican
State Convention to be held In the city of Sac
ramento on the lath day of May, 1900.
Resolved, That the several members of this
committee shall after consulting representative
Republicans of their several districts, recom
mend to this committee the names of persons
to be appointed as the representatives of their
several districts to the district and State con
vention.
Resolved. That this committee adjourn to
meet at the snme place on the Sth day of May,
A. D. 1900. at S o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of receiving said recommendations and acting
upon the same.
The members of the committee are In
danger of being plunged into a serious
muddle by the failure of James Alva Watt
to produce his authority for appointing
them. Mr. Watt claimed this authority
was vested in him by a resolution of the
Republican District Convention of Sep
tember. 189 S. When the committee met a
few weeks ago and organized the resolu
tion was not produced. W. H. Cobb re
ferred to It at a meeting last Thursday
night and Mr. Watt promised to produce
the records at the next meeting. This he
again failed to do last night, nor was a
call made for the document which he says
exists.
CAie fourth % qf your life is spent injgajkinj.
/dP"""s!iN in£ shoes should
M^k last's shoes are noted J§j|a
7 38— /4O aI^U? I me r styles!
12
Jcred. The footpad thinking I was reach
ing for a gun, pulled the trigger of his
pistol and it missed fire. The young lady
? then dodged and ran away, while I, see
king that he intended murder, jumped into
[ the street. He tired and the bullet
* struck me In the shoulder. I did not fall,
t.but the* footpad became frightened at the
i sound of the report and ran.
? "I was unable to see the man's face, as
had a handkerchief tied over It. He
i was about my height, 5 feet 8 inches, and
? was thick set. He spoke with a broken
L accent."
i The hold-up of Rodgers is the third
? within live days in the same district.
* Captain of Detectives Seymour is certain
' that one man i 3 responsible for all of them
r In all three instances a lady accompanied
£>the gentleman held up and all give the
L same description of the footpad.