H^ KCYAL HIGHNESS THE tRNCE OF WALES.
From a photograph takrn lately in his uniform as captain srencralof the
Honorable Artillery.
THE LATE GENERAL JOHN BIDWELL.
Continued on Second Page.
ATTEMPTS TO KILL
PRINCE OF WALES
A Young Anarchist Fires Two
Shots at His Royal Highness,
but Fails to Do Injury*
date If he had managed matters right
when .he . first returned to the United
States. He then declined to be considered
a candidate and subsequently dampened
enthusiasm for him by his marriage and
the transfer of his house. In the Judg
ment of politicians he has allowed his
opportunity to pass and cannot now hope
to secure a prize that he might have had
for the asking when he first came home
from Manila.
Whether politicians underestimate Ad
miral Dewey's strength with the people
of the country Is a question that can only
be answered when time enough has elaps
ed for the feeling throughout the country
to manifest Itself somewhat. There have
been Instances In American history when
politicians and party leaders have had
to give way to a. general manifestation of
the popular will, and the admiral and his
advisers have hoped that this would be
one of those occasions.
However this may be. it is certain that
the trend of opinion among politicians,
and especially among the supporters of
Bryan, is that the Dewey candidacy will
amount to very little. This was well illus
trated by the reply of Senator Jones of
Arkansas, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, to my question as
to what he thought of the admiral's can
didacy: .j. , ?
"I have not given it any consideration,
paid the Senator. "It will be forgotten by
to-morrow night, so what is the use
thinking about It?"
When I asked the admiral this morning
IOMON, April 5, 5 a. m. — It looks to-d.17 as though, the Boers had conceived the audacious plan of •
A attempting to invest I.ord Roberts at Bloeinfomein, or at least to endeavor to delay his northward ad-
vanes by harassing the British lines of communication. On his side I.ord Roberts is concantrating his
forces and preparing to take every advantage of the bold but risky tactics of the enemy. He is not likely
to strike at cny cf their forcss until he is certain of delivering a crushing blow. ¦ -
There is little doubt that Lord Roberts is hampered by the necessity for remounts and transports, and
the less of the convoy guns and all of Colonel BroadwcGd's baygage was a serious matter. The Boers are
now trusting to what they believe to be thf.ir superior mobility.
Continued on Second rage.
•-^HICO. April 4.— General John Bld
1 well, perhaps the oldest living Cali
1 fornla pioneer, died suddenly at his
\_jJ magnificent home ; on the Rancho
Chico at 2:30 'o'clock this afternoon.
General Bldwell had for several years
been superintending the work en a new
drive through his grounds, and went out
to Inspect the work this morning at 7:30
o'clock. At about 9 o'clock, while mark
ing_ a fallen tree for sawyers, he suddenly
dropped to the ground. He was conveyed
to his house and several physicians were
summoned to his bedside. At first he ral
lied and strong hopes were entertained
of his recovery, but at 2 o'clock fie had
a relapse, from which he never recovered.
Besides a widow, he leaves three nieces
and one cousin in this State to mourn his
loss.
In IS6BI in the city of Washington, he
was married to Miss Anna Kennedy.
His three nieces are: Mrs. Emery Hobart,
Mrs. Mary Reed of Chico anil .Mrs. W. C.
Collins of Sacramento. The cousin is Dr.
Ella Getchell of Chico. The date of tho
funeral has not as yet been decided upon.
General Bldwell was born August 5, ISIO,
in Chautauqua County. New York. HI-*
youthful life was full of change, very few
opportunities being presented him for edu
cational advancement. The principal and
last schooling he received was obtained
at Kingvllle Academy. Ashtabula County.
Ohio. He walked 300 miles to reach the
BRUBSELB. April 4— As the train
wat= leaving the northern station
for the southern railroad station, a
youth fired two phots from a re
volver at the Prince of Wales, but
miffed his Royal Highness.
The am-mpt upon th<- life of the Prince
of Wales occurred at 3:35 p. m. The
wouM-btt assassin jumped upon the foot
board of tho Prince's salon car as the
train was starting and tired Into the car.
Miming at the Prince of Wales. The as
sailant was Immediately arrested.
The would-be assassin Is a tinsmith
nair.ed Sipido. a resident of Brussels, J6
years old. His pockets were found to be
full of anarchistic literature.
When examined by the station officials
Eipido declared he intended to kill the
Prince of Wale? and that he did not re
gret his action and was ready to do It
again If given a chance.
Sipido subsequently paid he wanted to
kill the Prince "because he caused thou-
Fands of men to be slaughtered in South
Africa."
Hearing the shots the station master
rushed to the scene and knocked down
the would-be assassin's arm as he pre
pared to fire a third shot, and a number
of persons threw themselves on the
Prince's' assailant. ' In the' Confusion a
second man who was quite Innocent was
seized, roughly handled and beaten!
After the Prince of Wales had ascer-
CHICAGO. April 4.— From early morning till nearly midnight the executive committee In charge of the prepara
tions to receive Admiral Dewey on the oc'ca«lon of his proposed visit to Chicago on May 1 was in session listening to
demands of angry contributor* of money for. the return of their contributions and to withdrawals of offers of a
score, or more of civic and other organizations to participate in. the proposed Dewey day parade.- As a result it Is con
sidered quite probable the Dewey day celebration may be called off.
When the committee was formed It was decided by the members of the finance committee, to whom was intrust
ed the work of collecting funds to meet expenses, that there was to be nothing of a political nature In the affair, but
that this occasion was to bo a patriotic celebration of one of the greatest naval battles in history: that Admiral
Dewey had kindly consented to lend his presence to the occasion, so that hundreds of thousands of admirers of the
hero of Manila Bay might look upon his features, grasp his hand and pay him homage.
The committee met splendid success up to this time. The people have felt the season was good for such an event
and the occasion would bring thousands-to Chicago. The fund which was raised for Admiral Dewey's entertainment
was in keeping with the city and occasion. Military and civic societies volunteered their services to make the display
such as had never been witnessed in Chicago before. .and .-"every. one felt the celebration would be as fitting to the ad
miral as had been the one in New York on his return from the Orient.
The committee was hurriedly called this morning to discuss the new phase put upon Dewey's standing before the
people by his announcement of his candidacy for the Presidency, and had barely been called to order when demands
for the return of contributions began to pour in by mail, by telegraph, by telephone and by word of mouth. The one
general excuse for the demand Invariably made was that the contribution had been made for the entertainment of
Dewey, the victorious admiral of the navy, and not for Dewey, the politician and office-seeker. The withdrawals of re
quests for positions in the parade by civic and military organizations were Invariably based upon the same grounds.
Members of the committee are facing one of the strangest propositions they have ever been called upon to solve.
They talked the matter over at length, and after a conference made the following statement to the press:
"The majority of the members of the committee find themselves In an embarrassing: position, owing to the fact that
they supposed they were to entertain the admiral of the United States navy, and now it develops they are to entertain
a candidate for the office of President of the- United States. This political feature has caused the embarrassment re
ferred to, and many of the organizations that were to participate in the parade have decided to withdraw.
j "Contributors to the fund to defray the expenses did so on the assurance of the'commlttee that there would be. no
politics whatever on the occasion, and now contributors are asking for a return of their money.
"It is hoped that the preparations for honoring Admiral Dewey will not have to be abandoned, and the committee
will do Its utmost to overcome the revulsion of feeling caused by the publication of Admiral Dewey's determination to
become a candidate for the"Presidency." . ' ;> . ' .-. ' : . , >- . *>;.C;',> .;;=t. Y.'^;
Notwithstanding the committee's public statement that preparations will continue, the members privately say they
believe the. "Jig la up." Many of the members have lost-heart, and If Admiral Dewey should change his mind, now that
he has become a candidate for office, and -decline to come to Chicago,; It would bea great relief to them.
CONTRIBUTORS TO DEWEY DAY FUND
DEMAND A RETURN OF THEIR MONEY
SUDDEN DEATH OF
GEN. JOHN BIDWELL.
Was an Early Pioneer and at
One Time Prohibitionist Can=
didate for Presidency.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARCHING TO THE
RELIEF OF MAFEKING
LONDON. April 5.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from- Mafeking. dated March
2. r >. by h runner to Gaborones. says: "Last
n-Klit we received the welcome news of
the dispatch of a column by way of Vry
burg to relieve us. The messenger report
ed that he had encountered no Boers on
the road.
"Other runners from the north' tell of
the rapid approach of Colonel PlumoY's
column. The Boors continue the bom
bardment, but It is believed now that
there are not more than 2i«W around v«,
many having left daily."
COLONEL PORTER MAKES
A MOST BRILLIANT CHARGE
LONDON. Anri! s.— The Daily Mail has
the following from Bloemfontein; dated
Tuefeday; April ":
"Colonel Porter, with ninety carbineers
and .Scot.* Greys and two guns, performed
a brilliant deed Sun'lay. He charged a
large body ot Bo<»rs and rescued ninety
odd British prisoners. Including eleven
officers who were captured the previous
day. There were no casualties on the
British side." • /
GENERAL CLEMENTS' MOVE.
LONDON. April s.— The ¦ Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Daily Mall, tele
graphing Tuesday, says: "General Clem
ents' force traversed Petrusberg Sunday
morning and is now encamped a day's
march from here."
SAVING A GUN OF BATTERY U, R. H. A.
In the fliFrjstpr at Bushman* Kop on Saturday last a sergeant major of Hattery I.', Royal Horse Artillery, by great
exertion and cool Judgment n:aii«'uT<vi to save one of the eight guns which had h<en cut off and thought to bo lost. Tbe
above picture, taker, from The Sphere, shows Battery I" in action at Modder River— a limber galloping back for ammu
nition.
Convention hall, Kansas City, as It Appeared Before Destruction.
and means of raising an additional $-V>.ooo.
The hall association has $10. 0» in the bank
and wi',l have the $155 ,0e0 insurance for im
mediate use. the insurance companies
having spontaneously agreed to waive the
sixty-day limit and make a settlement nn ]
demand. The Kansas City Lumber Com- !
pany. that furnished four-fifths of the j
lumber for the old building, has agreed
to duplicate the order at once at the rate
in existence two years ago. and the Min
neapolis firm tha: furnished the steel
girders for the immense roof has been
telegraphed to duplicate this order.
Flames Spread Rapidly
i lie tire started, as near a.s can ne
learned, at 1 o'clock this afternoon just
above the boiler room in the northea.-it
corner of the building, on the alley,
where some plumbers had h«.-n at work.
There was no fire in the furnace and the
supposition is that the blaze started from
a spirit If mp used by one of the plumbers
or the crossing of an electric light wire.
A still alarm was rirst turned in. Fsy the
time the first engine arrived, ten
minutes later, the whole building was a
ma?s of flames. The entire structure,
covering half a block each way on Fif
teenth and Central ntr?ets. was a furnace
of fire before a second alarm could be
sounded, anil in less than half an hour
the roof, upheld by massive steel girders
that spanned its 200 feet of breadth, fell
with a crash that sent showers of burn
ing embers in every direction and drove
the fireman across the street. The brick
Corinthian columns lining th»» building
along -the facades on Thirt.-renth and Cen
tral streets tottered a few . minutes and
fell outward and the hall was a complete
wreck.
A strong wind carried the flames to the
Second Presbvterlan Church, on the op
posite side of Thirteenth and Central
streets, and In forty minutes that struc
ture, occupying a half block in length,
was in ruins. The parsonage adjoining,
and next the I.athrop School, which was
partially destroyed in the cyclone of 15.5.8.
and which had been set aside for the use
of the newspaper correspondents during
the coming convention, were attacked
simultaneously, and soon nothing but
their wall* were left standing. For
tunately the school children had not re
turned to their rooms after the noon hour
and all were got to places of safety.
Next the flames caught the Williamson
fiat^ across the alley from the. hall on the
north, on Twelfth street, and these were
gutted. The fiats occupied a half block
and were of brick and three stories in
heisrbr.
Flying embers star'pd blazes on a dozen
different residences within a radius of two
blocks, and. fanned l>y a stiff breeze ami
aided by a low water pressure, threatened
a general conflagration. Ths» fire, which
was- finally got under control ot 2:+>
o'clock, proved one of the quickest and
most dangerous experienced in Kansas
City for many years.
History of the Building
Convention Hnll had been classed by
travelers as one of the largest and most
perfectly constructed auditoriums In the
world. The building was erected In ls!>8
at a cost of I2?.s,iyn>. which was raised en
tirely by public subscription It occupied
a piece of ground Ml by 2'>> feet in extent.
was two storir-si high and built of native
stone, cream brick and terra-cotta. The
first story was of the Renaissance style of
architecture anrl the second story in perl
style form, with groups and columns. Tho
building was of hridtre construction, with
out a column, the roof being supported hy
great steel girders. Its general seating
arrangement w;ts modeled somewhat upon
the plan of ihe Metropolitan Opera-hou?"
of N*w York. The floor space was divided
into ttrena. arena balcony, balcony an<l
roof ftarden. boxes skirting the arena and
the a»ena balcony. ¦
The total seating capacity was nearly 5\
fWX) and with standing room the building
was capable of holding more than 22.000
people. The arena alone seated 4"00. The.
building had no stairways, the upper
seating being reached by means of In
clined plants. Separate exitn were used for
the balconies and roof garden and it wa*
estimated that the hall could be emptied
Xt the rate of 50"O people a minute. Prac
tically nothing remains intact of Conven
tion Hall save the Thirteenth-street one
str.ry wall and the foundation. The strag
gling side walls will have to be torn down.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. April 4.— Con- |
vention Hall. Kansas City's pride,
wherein the Democratic National
Convention was to have been held
on July 4, was laid In ruins in less
than thirty minutes' time this afternoon
from a tire that started from an unknown
source at 1 o'clock. The fire burned with
such fury that it was evident almost
from the start that the structure was
doomed and the firemen soon turned their
attention to saving surrounding property.
A stiff breeze was blowing and before the
tire was subdued at 2:15 o'clock the Sec
ond Presbyterian Church,, one of the
finest edifices in the city, the church par
sonage, the Lathrop public school, a two
story, thlrteen-room building, all situated
across the way on Central street, a half
block of three-story flat buildings on
Twelfth street, were rendered total losses.
Several residences were damaged to a
greater or less degree and for a time it
was feared that several blocks of build
ings In the residence district would so.
The aggregate loss is J400.0G0, ap
portioned as follows: Convention Hall.
J235.000. Insurance $13.1,000; church $50,000,
insured; parsonage $15,000. insured; schooi
$35,000. Insurance J20.400; Williamson block.
Twelfth street. $50,000, insurance $15,000;
miscellaneous $5000.
Will Be Rebuilt.
Plan's are on foot to rebuild Convention
Hall immediately and make It ready for
the Democratic convention In July. While
the fire was still in progress members of
the Commercial Club, through whose ef
forts the hall was conceived and built,
mingled in the crowds of spectators and
began soliciting funds for a new struct
ure. This evening $25,000 had been sub
scribed and Secretary E. M. Clendenning
of the club called a mass-meeting of cit
izens for to-morrow night to devise ways
British Forces Now Being Concentrated to Offset
the Audacious Plan of the Advancing
Transvaalers.
BOERS TRYING TO INVEST
ROBERTS AT BLOEMFONTEIN
FIRE DESTROYS CONVENTION
HALL AT KANSAS CITY
Presbyterian Church, Lathrop School and a Row of
Flats Swept Away by the Devouring
Elements.
DESIGNING
MEN BACK
OF DEWEY
Party Opponents of
McKinley and Bryan
His Advisers.
USING THE ADMIRAL
AS A POLITICAL CLUB
Led Him to Believe Both
Parties Would Be Eager
Bidders for His
Lecd-rahip.
Swcial I»i!"r'nteh to The Call
NEW YORK, April 4.— The
Herald has tw?nty-nine inter
views -with Democratic Na
tional Committeeznen. Twen
ty-seven declare for Bryan;
North Dakota, is for Dewey,
and J. J. Dwyer of California
says he cannot decide until he
knows Dewey's politics.
The Herald has interviews
with thirty Senators and Rep
resentatives. Twenty-nine
either declare for Bryan or
ridicule Dewey's pretensions.
Representative Jefferson Levy
of New York says he is for the
admiral.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LIXGTON HOTEL. WASHING
TON. April 4.— Admiral Dewry's
announcement of his candidacy for
the Presidency this morning has
been almost the sole topic of conversation
to-day unions' public men in Washington.
The announcement came as a complete
?surprise to all except the few politicians
who had teen using their influence with
the admiral for some time to induce him
to adopt this course.
Though Admiral Dewoy does not indi
cate in any way which party be expects
to take up hfs candidacy it Is stated tha*
', ho, expects that his announcement will
"create such a \vav*;*6f poßiUav.ehtilushi^m
as to indicate . to" the leaders of the
Democracy the advisability of placing him
in nomination at the Kansas City con
vention. The men who are understood to
I have been consulted about the matter and
! who cave It more or less encouragement
are all Democrats who are opposed to th<?
nomination of Mr. Bryan. Among them
are said to be John R. McLean, the ad
miral's brother-in-law; former Secretary
of the Navy Whitney, former Senator
Gorman. Nathan Straus of New York aid
Judge Brawley of South Carolina.
There is pood reason to believe that
certain prominent Republicans are well
pleased with the admiral's action, even
if they did not urge it upon him in ad-
J vance. Some of tne Republicans who
I have opposed the Porto Rlcan tariff bill
i were hopeful th.« morning when they
I tend the announcement that it would re
j suit in frightening the Republican leaders
j and cause them to abandon their un
! popular policy. Senator Proctor of Ver-
I mont and Senator Allison of lowa are said
j to be two of the men who looked upon
j the announefment with favor and Senator
; Allison was or.c of the first callers at the
admiral's residence this morning.
Unless the effect of the admiral's an
j nouncemrnt outside of Washington has
i bren entirely different from what It has
' 1 «en here* it will utterly fail to arouse
| enough popular enthusiasm to carry th*
i hero of Manila into tl-.e White House.
| Politicians of both parties believe that
; the admiral nas been misled by the ex
j hibltlons of popular enthusiasm with
j which he has been greeted at railway
; stations and receptions into the belief that
• the American people were ready to be-j
I Stow upon him any office or honor within
i their gift. It is plain that if the admiral
j is to receive any nomination it must come
j as the result of a spontaneous outburst
, of enthusiasm' from the people, so strong
i as to be beyond the power of politicians
i to curb it or control it. Politicians with
few exceptions ridicule, the idea of his
obtaining the nomination from either
party. It is said that the admiral would
have been an 'exceedingly strong candl-
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 13G.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL. 5, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
Continued on Second Pag*.J, B. Nichols is one of the best known and most respected citizens in
Southern California, a man whose honesty and integrity has never been
questioned, a man who has been _*«ggg!fl"Vjß»>^
got so I was unable to pet around
the second bottle. The swelling -, ,
left my limbs, my appetite im- KnSliniaflSin Gail D 9 Cured.
proved, and I am now in good
condition and will always recommend Electrozone to all sufferers "
J. B. NICHOLS, Baldwin's Ranch, So. California. All drutreists «p-11
Electrozone. XX SeU
Electrozone Is a Boon to the Sick and Suffering
ALL DRUGGISTS.
If you doubt this letter write, and
Mr. Nichols will verify his state-
ment. Electrozone cures all dis-
eases arising from impure blood.
Rheumatism, Stomach Trouble.
Kidney and Bladder Ailments,
Catarrh and all Blood Diseases.
Women will find Electrozone a
positive cure for all female com-
plaints. Go and get a free sample at
233 Kearny street, Saturday, April 7.
possible until I go West. When I return
I shall resume my residence In the coun
try and will continue to perform my
duties as a member of the Naval Advisory
Board. In the event of my nomination It
Is my Intention to make application for
retirement. Under the law there is noth
ing to prevent a retired officer apceptlng
the Presidency."
The admiral declined to state for publi
cation who his party managers are or
that he had been Influenced by leaders of
either party to enter the race. When
this question was touched upon he begged
to be excused from any further statement
at the present time.
The whole Interview with the admiral
Indicated that his attitude toward the
Presidency Is an independent one and that
In case neither of the two leading parties
should nominate him he would be willing
to run on an independent ticket.
PRESS UNFAVORABLE TO
DEWEY'S CANDIDACY
NEW YORK, April 4.— Newspapers of
this city comment upon Dewey's candi
dacy as follows:
The Journal: This Is the time when the
people want leaders. When Dewey sailed
into Manila Bay ho knew precisely what
he was going to do. When the admiral
waa asked what his platform was he re
sponded, "Well, how would the American
flag do?" It would have done very well
a few months ago, but now according to
the new Republican doctrine It means one
thing In Porto Rico, another in Hawaii,
another in Idaho and another In tho Phil
ippines.
The World: If he is to be a candidate
with any hope of success it must be as
the nominee of the Democratic party.
President McKinley is as sure to bo re
nominated by the Republicans as the Bun
.is to rise. But — always the pregnant
"but"— where does Dewey stand? What is
he for? What is he against? And most
important of all, would Mr. Bryan, who
unquestionably controls the situation, and
will continue to do so, step aside and in
duce the Democratic party to accept him?
Has not Admiral Dewey waited too long?
The Sun: When Admiral Dewey last
fall said he was not and would not be a
candidate for President the face of .cir
cumstances favored continuation of that
state of mind. Then came his marriage and
the consequent subjection of all thoughts
and feelings and ambitions to another
influence. No one can be a Presidential
candidate in truth who does not first say
by which of the two great parties he desires
to be nominated, or, If either suits him,
what set of principles he believes In. Hut
anyway as a friend of Admiral Dewey we
are sorry for the episode.
The Tribune: The people woke up yes
terday to find they had a new candidate
for President, and when they asked on
what ticket he would run and what prin
ciples he would represent they found it
was a case of "no party, no platform
Just Dewey."
The Times: Admiral Dewey exhibits In
a most unusual degree the attractive
quality of simple, open-hearted frankness
In avowing his willingness to accept a
nomination for the Presidency. The
American people will like him all the bet
ter for that. .
The Press: Dewey is pretty pure to dis
cover a painfully cogent reason to re
shape his conclusion that "the office of
President Is not such a very difficult one
to fill." Indeed, that single sentence will,
we fear, give the admiral some reason for
regret.
CHICAGO. April 4.— Regarding Dewey's
candidacy for the Presidency, the Even
ing Journal <7nd. R.) says: Notwithstand
ing the widespread discontent with the
fonrttftnn of national politics, , we cannot
help feeling that Admiral Dewey's candi
dacy is inopportune and ill advised. The
admiral cannot hope, for nomination, at
the hands of either great party. There Is
FOR
warnw am6 hi P SAN PEDRO
(Built In 1599.)
Capacity 1000 tons. AH modem
conveniences for comfort. Eleo-
tric lighted throughout.
Balling- From
SAN FRANCISCO ;
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company will fcavs \X.» own
complete equipment for the safa
and expeditious landing of passen-
gers and carso on arrival at .Noras.
For Freight and Passenger
' Rates Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
<H. R. DUFFIN & CO.. Qen'l Agents.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
the Northern California forestry station,
J13.W0 site for the northern branch of the
State Normal School. ah% valuable build
ing sites for the different churches of
Chlco — Presbyterian, Roman Catholic,
Methodist Episcopal; Methodist Episcopal
South, African Methodist Episcopal — each
of them receiving as much land as they
asked for, and often supplemented by lib
eral donations of cash.
General Bidwell built the first flour mill
of Chico. which was the first water mill
in. the Sacramento Valley. The general
began also at an early day to set out his
magnificent orchards, which are the old
est and most extensive in the State. His
estate. Rancho del Arroyo Chico, is one
of the finest stretches of land on the con
tinent. It Is largely devoted to grain
raising, but the portion adjacent to the
town of Chico is magnificently improved.
friends would regret the humiliation of
defeat to which he would be exposed.
Winlield S. Hancock, the superb soldier,
was utterly unable to lead the Demo
cratic party to victory in ISSO, and we be
lieve the task of Admiral Dewey would
be hardly less difficult In 1900. -. ¦
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The Washing
ton Evening Star, regarding Dewey s
Presidential candidacy, declares both po
litical party candidates already selected
In McKinley and Bryan and says: There
is no sincere friend or admirer of Admiral
Dewey but will regret the announcement
which appears In print to-day by his au
thority. Admiral Dewey, for the first time
In his life, takes the field too late. The
battle virtually is on; the parties are lined
up; the leaders are chosen. There are
some discontented men In both parties;
but they are not numerous In either party,
and if it were possible to bring them all
together for co-operation they would not,
by virtue either of numbers or character,
be able to tempt any man of experience
or ability to accept their leadership. Ad
miral Dewey will presently find that he
Is yielding to influences which lead only
to disappointment and regret." A great
sailor should have a better chart In a
strange sea.
Washington Evening Times: The formal
announcement by Admiral Dewey that he
Is a candidate for the Presidency is the
most interesting political event of the
year. While coming at this time it is in
the nature of a surprise, there is no
doubt that the admiral has had the matter
in serious consideration for many months,
and only yields now to what he believes
to be an overwhelming public sentiment.
It is apparent that the admiral comes be
fore the people neither as a Democrat nor
Republican. In his opinion his services
have been rendered to the whole country
arid It must be the country itself which
shall call him to the White House. But
this raises a question of the greatest In
terest. Will he be nominated by the Re
publicans in June, by the Democrats In
July, or will he take the field as an In
dependent candidate In response to a
great public demand? In other words,
can he »defeat McKinley at Philadelphia
and Mr. Bryan at Kansas City, or, fail
ing to do either of these things, can he
defeat them both at the November elec
tion?
CINCINNATI. April 4.— Commercial
Tribune (R.): The admiral has reconsid
ered. Caesar did the same and received
the crown, but afterward he was knifed
in the house of his friends by Roman
politicians. History, which may repeat It
self In the first . parallel, will probably
mix matters a bit in the sequence. Dewey
will not receive the crown, but he will be
knifed by his pseudo friends, the Ameri
can politicians. And the knifing will pre
cede the bestowal of the frown. In the
matter of this Presidential nomination,
had Dewey but pursued the tactics that
marked his May morning victory In Manila
Bay, the results might have been as then.
But the tactics of Dewey in politics have
not been the tactics of, Dewey In war.
The results will be equally diverse.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 4.— Morning
Dispatch (Bryanlte, but antl-Goebel Dem
ocratic organ in Kentucky): There Is not
much doubt Dewey as the Republican
nominee would defeat Bryan, and as the
Democratic standard bearer he would
easily triumph over McKinley. McLean's
machine could give him Ohio and the
Haldeman machine would be glad of the
chance to give him Kentucky if he should
develop a chance to win. With Dewey" in
the fight. Indiana and Illinois could not
be put down as safe for Bryan. If by
force of Dewey's popularity and shrewd
manipulation of the wires by politicians
a platform could be adopted upon which
Bryan could not accept the nomination,
Dewey is the only man to whom the party
could turn with the slightest hope of suc
cess.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 4.— The Press-
Post, a Democratic evening paper, came
out to-day in support of Dewey's candi
dacy for the Presidential nomination. The
paper has been a strong supporter of
Bryan, and immediately upon the an
nouncement of the change in policy Web
ster Huntington, the editor-in-chief, re
signed. Huntington said in explanation
of his action: ".,j. V i.
"It Is simply Impossible for me to be
connected with a newspaper that Is ready
to support Dewey for President and be
tray Bryan. It will be time enough for
me to support Dewey when he has proved
himself a Democrat and is nominated for
President on a Democratic platform, two
thiners which T dn not expect to happen "
PHILADELPHIA. April 4.-The Led
ger: The tide of enthusiasm for Dewey.
if taken at the flood, might have swept
him irresistibly into the White House,
but It lost its : force in the passage of
BALTIMORE, April 4.— The Sun: It Is
impossible to consider a candidate before
It Is known what he stands for.
ATLANTA. Ga., April 4.— The Constitu
tion: His announcement is a very .funny
episode. He needs a good, strong, healthy
man to advise him.
DOES NOT INTEND TO
RESIGN FROM NAVY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Before an
nouncing' his candidacy for the Presi
dency, Admiral Dewey Investigated his
status in the navy In the event of his
election. I understand on high authority
that he has decided that he will not have
to resign his position in the service should
he be carried by a popular wave Into the
W'hlte House, nor by his acceptance of
the Presidential office will he vacate* his
commission of admiral of the navy, as
Grant did his position of general when he
assumed the Presidential office. Since
General Grant's time there has been an
amendment to the law on the subject.
But before his inauguration, in the event
of his election, Admiral Dewey proposes
to apply for retirement.
Considerable regret Is expressed In
naval circles at the announcement by
the admiral that he will be a candidate
tamed that the man who fired the shot
had been arrested he declared himself and
the Princess uninjured and the train
started.
¦The attack is condemned even at the
labor headquarters here and at the Malson
dv Peuple, where the extreme anarchists
meet. A leading member of the young
socialist guard was loud in his denuncia
tion this evening of Sipido'a actlcn. Le
Patriot in a special edition denounces the
attempt as "cowardly and senseless," and
says: "It will create general indignation,
and the worst enemy of Belgium could not
have dealt the country a fouler blow."
The Journal de Bruxelles says; "This
outrage will provoke the Indignation of all
honest people In every civilized country,
especially Belgium. We stigmatize it as
the crime of a youth of disordered brain.
We deeply regret that It was committed
In Belgium, and we congratulate the
Prince of Wales upon his fortunate escape
from the bullet of a regicide."
An eye-witness says that the train was
already in motion, and when the engineer
heard the pistol he shut off steam, ap
plied the brakes and stopped the train.
As the train restarted after Sipido's arrest
the public loudly cheered the Prince, who
acknowledged the demonstration from the
car window.
An examination of Slpldo's revolver
showed that four charges nad been fired,
but that two of the cartridges had missed
fire.
Sipido has a round, boyish face, black
eyes and dark hair. At the examination
before the magistrate it was ascertained
that he had purchased a penny ticket in
order to reach the departure platform,
where he walked up and down quite a
while at the same time the Prince was
promenading.
Persons who attended the Malson dv
Peuple yesterday say that they heard
Sipido declare that if the Prince of Wales
came to Brussels he ought to have a bul
let In his head, and they also heard him
offer to bet five francs that he would fire
at the Prince.
According to Le Patriot some news of
the views expressed at the meeting re
ferred to was conveyed to the station mas
ter, who had taken what he thought were
jextra precautions.
Slpido appeared at the station In his
best clothing, having explained to his
father that he was going to seek employ
ment.
The Prince of Wales appeared quite un
affected by the Incident. He asked
whether the revolver was loaded, and on
being Informed in the affirmative smiled
and begged that the culprit might not be
treated too severely.
La Chronique says: "Belgium should
not be held responsible for the act of a
madmfn. whose conduct she repudiates."
LONDON*. April 4.— The Prince and
Princess of 'Wales started for Copenhagen
this morning for the purpose of attending
the celebration of King Christian's birth
day, which occurs April S.
¦ The news of the attempt on the life of
the Prince of Wales spread with rapidity
in all parts of London and created the
most flitense excitement and bitter Indig
nation among all classes. The fact that
the attempted assassination occurred In a
city where Dr. Leyds. the diplomatic
agent of the Transvaal, has made hl3
headquarters was generally taken to In
dicate that the would-be assassin was a
Boer sympathizer and this so Inflamed the
passions that the most bitter Invectives
were hurled against the Boers and every
thing connected with them.
The Government was wholly Ignorant of
the attempt on the life of the Prince of
Wales until the press dispatches on the
subject were communicated to the For
eign Office.
The Marquis of Salisbury Immediately
telegraphed to the Prince of Wales his
congratulations on his escape, while the
United States Charge d'Affalres. Henry
D. White, who was calling- on the Pre
mier, promptly repaired to Marlborough
House and left his card there.
All the officials were greatly disturbed
by the occurrence and the general view
was that It must be connected In some
way with the Transvaal, especially as the
Prince of "Wales has always heretofore
been such a favorite on the Continent and
never before has been molested in the
slightest degTee.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
for the Presidency. None of the officials
or naval officers on duty In the Navy De
partment cared to give public expression
to their views, but it is evident that they
think that the admiral has made a great
mistake.
Stops tho Cough and Works Off the Cold,
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets cure: a cold
In one day. No cure, no pay. Price 23e.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. •
ROR
NOME BEACH DIRECT!
BARKE.NTLXE CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL. 18, 1300.
Ornc«: 4 California st *
WOMEN
AND MEN
TAKE
ELEGTROZONE.
what he meant by "people's candidate,"
he replied that he had not tdenlfied him
self with either party and that he was
unwilllr.g at present to indicate any party
preferences and that he would wait to
hear from the people before making any
statements on public questions. The ad
miral frankly admitted that he had pur
posely made the announcement through
a paper which advocated his nomination
before he returned from Manila,
"I 'have every reason to believe," re
marked the admiral, "that there Is a
popular demand for my nomination. If
buch Is the case I am perfectly willing to
obey the orders of the American people,
just as I have done my superiors in the
navy. From every State in the Uniqn and
from all classes of people I have received
gratifying evidence of a desire for my
nomination. The demand has become so
general that 1 felt constrained to give
serious consideration to the matter, and
although I had previously stated that I
would not accept the nomination, the con
ditions have so changed in the past few
months that I cannot longer as a loyal
American citizen say that I would not
obey the will of the people If the decision
should be that I am a suitable candidate
for the Presidency."
"But, admiral," I remarked, "there In a
very natural desire to know something
about your platform and the party from
which you may expect the nomination."
"Oh, I cannot talk about that now," he
replied. "I am not a politician. I have
not any platform except the constitution
and the laws of Congress. It is for the
convention which may nominate me and
not for myself to make the platform. In
my opinion the office of President Is
wholly executive. It should not be the
policy of the President to dictate to Con
gress or to the people, but to faithfully
and conscientiously execute the laws
which Congress may exact for the benefit
of the people.
"1 fully realize that In announcing my
willingness to become a candidate my
troubles are beginning; but a man who
haa the Interest of his country at heart
cannot escape his share of them, and I am
willing to risk all that may come to me.
It is not my purpose to do any campaign
ing. I have simply announced my position
in order that people may know where I
stand. It is not true that the visits I have
planned for the West are for political pur
poses. They were decided upon long be
fore I reached the "conclusion to become a
candidate. In a few days I expect to go
to my new country residence near Tenal
btown and to remain there as quietly as
D C C to Bvsrv r6806r
A SAMPLE BOTTLE OF ELECTftOZONE,
Who Will Call at 233 Kearny Street, Saturday, April 7th.
DESIGNING MEN
BACK OF DEWEY
Continued from First Page.
CAPE NOME
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American
Steamship.
iEnhmlillA
(CAPACITY £000 TONS)
FOI HE DIRECT,
Bailing from San Francisco
Monflay, May 21, 1900.
Special rates for freigßt and Insurance.
Through passenger and freight servtc* to
Dawson and atl points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
139 POST STREET.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
GEN, BIQWELL
Continued from Flrrt P««e.
Dr. Greenburg announces that while he
will not follow the old rabbinical custom,
he will preach the essence of Judaism
pure and simple. He will not wear a. hat
during the service, in obedience to an
Oriental custom, not based on divine law;
nor will he appear with silken cape or
shawl, as the ultra orthodox do at their
services.
Thus it will appear that there is not
likely to be a union of the extreme ortho
dox with the reform Jews. although a wel
come is offered to the former at the re
ception to the new rabbi to-morrow night.
Dr. Greenburg is a graduate of the
University of London. He received his
degree of Ph. D. at Heidelberg and is a
student of Hebrew, the Phoenician and
other ancient languages.
The reception to Rabbi Greenburg at
Y. M. C. A. Hall to-night, though informal
in character, proved very enjoyable. A
committee of ladies from the congrega
tion managed the event. The hall was-,
very prettily decorated with flowers and
looked very inviting. Albert Elkus, pres
ident of the Congregation B'nai Israel; 11.
Weinstock and L. Heilbron occupied seats
on th? platform with Rabb! Greenburg
and aided the ladles In intrcducing him
to the members of the congregation and
Invited guests. An excellent programme
of music was presented. A feature, of the
reception wa.s the presentation of solid
silver loving cups, suitably inscribed, to
H. Weinstock and L.. Heilbron on behalf
of the congregation and in recognition of
its appreciation of their services in filling
the pulpit of the synagogue during the
months when It was without a rabbi.
(~\ ACRAMEXTO, April 4.— Rabbi Wil-
L iam H. Greer.burg, Ph. D.. who is
to have charge of the Congregation
vl B'nai Israelin this city, has arrived
in Sacramento and was tendered
a formal reception at Y. M. C. A. Hall
to-night. On Friday night next Dr.
Greenburg will preach his Initial sermon.
Since the new rabbi is distinctly a be
liever in reformed Judaism, his advent is
not likely to have the effect of bringing
back to the fold those 'who have been
alienated by the advanced doctrines of H.
¦\\'eint>tock and others who have filled the
pulpit of the local synagogue from time to
time.
Readers of The Call will remember that
some weeks ago a number of well-known
Jews In Sacramento filed articles of Incor
poration of a religious body dedicated to
the strict observance of the Mosaic law
and the worship of what they conceived
to be the true Jewish religion. In a pub
lished statement the incorporators of this
yew organization asserted that in dis
cussing with liberality such subjects as
"Shall Jew and Christian Intermarry?"
H. Weinstock was departing from the
creed of the fathers and they preferred
their children to attend services where the
Hebrew language and the ancient Hebrew
religion should have ascendency. This
statement was followed by another from
Albert Elkus. president of the Congrega
tion B'nai Israel, in which Mr. Wein
stock's services to the synagogue were
acknowledged and his advanced expres
sions sustained.
ATTEMPTS TO KILL
PRINCE OF WALES
Continued from First Page.
££*^
#111
\ ( yd 1 v^S^s*^¥Pvk
' ,-~ . v/ Mail order*
Going
to market?
Yes, and going to Smith's
.^oing where grocery buying
is safe — where pure food is
sold for the safety of health-
ful little folks
Flour 85c
Srerrv's— Port Costa sack \
or S C S Gold Brand (best)
— free delivery in San Fran-
cisco onlv — limit 1 sacks —
50-lb sacks — 2 days' sale
Mush, 12 lbs for 25c
Rolled Oats — Rolled
Wheat— fresh best grade
—2 days' sale
Coffee 28c
Java and Mocha— pure— ">
our 35c grade — a trade
bringer
Cocoa 70c
Royal Dutch— i-Ib tins tln
regular 85c — you know
the brand
Whole Tomatoes loc
To slice — for salads C3n
or to fry — 3lb tins — new <;
Olive Oil 70c
"Creme de Luxe" that **
means good — clear — i
brilliant — pure as gold
CASH STORE
35-27 Jtarut St. & f
ADMIRAL'S CANDIDACY
PLEASES CLEVELAND
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRINCETON, N. J.. April 4.— Former
President Grover Cleveland can find no
words too strong in which to express his
delight at the announcement of the can
didacy of Admiral Dewey for President.
"This Is fine," was his exclamation
when he first heard the tidings; then he
added to me:
"Look at his record in the Philippines.
Such diplomacy was after my own heart
cool, solid, firm, unchangeable. Long ago
I picked him for a great statesman. 1
knew that once a man of his personality
firm and far-sighted— took the reina into
his hands, the Democratic party would
no longer be honeycombed with the rot
tenness of Bryanism. but would again be
come the great compact organization or
Jefferson's days."
BULLETIN'S
STORY BRANDED
A RAW FAKE
Statement Made That Roose-
Condemned Presi-
dent McKinley.
Was Quotsd as Having Said That the
Chief Executive Had No More
Backbone Than a Candy
(From the San Francisco Bulletin.)
WASHINGTON, April 4— A special dis
patch frnm Indianapolis sives this re
markable Interview had there with David
Starr Jordan:
"Is it Bryan's or McKlnley's view that
Is paining among the people?" was asked.
"After all this talk, do you ask what I
think? I^t me quote to you Governor
Roosevelt on that. He said to me last
week: 'Jordan. I wish to God we were
out of the Philippines and had them off
our hands, and many other Republicans
nre thinking the same.' I feel free to
«juote Roosf-velt, because I consider him
Jn many respoctfi one of the greatest men
of the Republican party."
"How do you size up President McKin-
Key? " „ r,
"Let me quote Governor Roosevelt
apain. He said: 'McKinley has about as
much backbone as the toy chocolate man
that you pee on the confectioner's stand.
He is a dreadful disappointment.' "
.
FLATLY DENIED BY
ROOSEVELT AND JORDAN
ALBANY, N. T., April 4.— Governor
Roosevelt to-n!jrht denied most emphatic
ally the statement attributed to President
Jordan of Iceland Stanford University
that President McKinley had no more
backbone than a toy chocolate man.
'•I am eoniident that President Jordan
ri^ver made the statement in question."
tvaid the Governor. "In the first place
because he was a guest at my house, and
In the next place because the ptory is an
absolute falsehood. No such conversation
«ver took place and I made no such state
ment ntir any statement that could by
any possibility he twisted Into It."
Governor Roosevelt received this after
noon a telegram from President Jordan
denying that h» ever made the statement
attributed to him.
SACRAMENTO HEBREWS
RECEIVE RABBI GREENBURG
Reception for the Distinguished Divine
Who Is to Take Charge of the Con
gregation of B'nal Israel.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, T APBIL 5, 1900.
JUSTICE DYER
APPEARS BEFORE
SUPERVISORS
Board Powerless to Take
Any Action' in His
Case.
District Attorney Campbell In
structed to Investigate the Mat
ter Thoroughly and Prose
cute if Warranted.
*¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 4.— Justice of the
Peace Dyer of Palo Alto appeared before
the Board of Supervisors this morning In
answer to a summons to show cause why
he should not be removed from office for
his actions in the disgraceful proceedings
recently enacted in the kidnaping case at
Palo Alto. He was represented by At
torney Joseph Hutchinson, who Inquired
if there were any written charges against
Dyer. The attorney stated Dyer was will
ing to waive all technicalities in the mat
ter, but asked that hearing be postponed
a few days, when he would make a full
explanation. If desired.
It developed that the Supervisors had
no jurisdiction in the matter, and on mo
tion of Supervisor Rea the matter was
referred to District Attorney Campbell,
with instructions that he investigate and
prosecute, if the evidence should war
rant.
The mass meeting last night has had
a good effect, and will do much to purge
San Jose of the infamous proceedings in
Chinese cases that have characterized
its justice courts. The Chinese have al
most monopolized these courts. Factional
wars have been frequent in Chinatown and
kidnaping cases a common occurrence. A
number of unscrupulous attorneys have
prospered by this class of business. On
some occasions as high as forty warrants
in Chinese cases have been issued in a
single day in one Justice court. These
same warrants would be repeated in the
other Justice courts in this city and also
in the two courts In Santa Clara. They
would later be dismissed without prose
cution, thus mulcting the taxpayers of
many dollars.
Since the determined and general ris
ing of the people at last night's mass
meeting there is a strong undercurrent
that these methods must be stopped or
the people will see why.
Wong Fong, the Chinese arrested in San
Francisco yesterday, is a prisoner in the
County Jail.
The finance committee appointed at last
night's meeting is receiving much encour
agement, and a good sum will be realized
to be used in prosecuting those who took
part In the outrage perpetrated upon Miss
Cameron.
MEETING AT PALO ALTO.
Upon Attorney's Advice Dyer and
Dtmsmore Refuse to Answer.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 4.—
The meeting of the citizens committee to
night, held for the purpose of examining
Dyer and Dunsmore as to their part in
the Chinese abduction case, made little
headway. Dyer and Dunsmore appeared
with their attorney, Joseph Hutchinson,
who, before his clients were allowed Lo
testify, wanted to know what was the
purpose of the meeting. Chairman Brun
stated that the committee granted that
it had no power to cross-examine the pai»
ties, but would receive any voluntary
statements they might offer.
Attorney Hutchinson took exception to
Brun's action at last night's meeting in
San Jose, in reading Dyer's statement of
facts offered before the committee and
omitting his defense.. As Brun was un
able to state the purpose of the meeting
to Hutchinsun's satisfaction the attorney
advised his clients to answer no questions
and the party withdrew. The committee
then went into executive session.
Wong Foug, the Chinese arrested In San
Francisco, was given a preliminary hear
ing in Justice Van Buren's court in May
field last night. His trial was set for Sat
urday. In default of $5000 bail the pris
oner was taken to San Jose for safe
keeping.
hard*y time for the organization of a third
party before the next Presidential elec
tion. It is conceivable that his personal
popularity might once have carried him
into the White House Just as it Is con
ceivable that the popularity of General
Fltzhugh Lee might have made him a
candidate to be reckoned with, or that
General Miles might .have become at least
a nominee when the country looked upon
him as the victim of a low political ex
pedient. But that time is past. ¦.; -.
Evening News (Ind.): Admiral Dewey
has announced himself as a candidate for
the Presidency and Mr. McKinley s ad
ministration has passed the Porto Riean
tariff bill. What more does the Democ
ra The\lmes Herald: "I think I have said
enough at this time," declared Admiral
Dewey as he concluded his Presidential
interview, "and perhaps too much." Pity
that the Judgment that was expressed In
this comment had not been formed before
ever a word was uttered. For, If the
speaker is correctly reported, a more as
tonishing explanation of a complete
change of position, a more curious justi
fication of a great political ambition,
has never been heard by man. We doubt
if the disturbance will be very great poli
tically. As the Brooklyn Eagle said in
an editorial which Admiral Dewey pro
nounced bad and wretched, "Democracy
or Republicanism could invest in him only
as a speculation," and he Is not so allur
ing an investment as he once was. Not
even Republicans who are opposed to Mc-
Kinley or Democrats who are opposed to
Bryan would care to feed their antipathy
by taking chances with his "availability"
after they had realized the Indiscretion
of his utterances. .
The Tribune: Admiral Dewey has re
suscitated the question of his Presidential
fitness and announces to the public that
while a few months ago he did not believe
he had the quallnctlona a chief magis
trate should possess, he has made up his
mind that "the office is not such a very
difficult one to fill," the, duties "beJng
mainly to execute the laws of Congress."
This declaration Is one which will be
deeply regretted by sincere admirers of
the admiral. w^- >
The modesty with which he disclaimed
all Presidential aspirations a few months
ago made ttiem have an even higher opin
ion of the hero of Manila than they may
have now. Perhaps Admiral Dewey Is of
the opinion that both parties will compete,
for the honor of nominating him. It Is
not certain, however, he will receive a
proposal from either. It may be taken for
granted the Republican convention will
renomlnate President McKinley, who was
Admiral Dewey's favorite candidate when
he returned home. It Is not safe to as
sume the Democratic convention will
nominate the admiral. It may be s6 far
committed to Bryan as to be unable to do
so. Furthermore, that party has commit
ted Itself of late to policies of which the
nomination of Admiral Dewey would be
a sudden and startling abandonment. The
admiral may be looked upon as an orig
inal expansionist. What could be more
mortifying, cruel and humiliating for
Bryan than for his party to put In his
place a man who is the outward and visi
ble exponent of what Bryan has been de
nouncing for more than a year? But the
Democratic party Is skilled. in the art of
reversing Itself, especially of late years.
It Is guided by expediency rather than
convictions. Yet the- substitution of
Dewey for Bryan would give the Republi
can party all It wanted to do to win a vic
tory. The former would make a poor
President if elected. He would no doubt
"execute the laws of Congress." He would
also execute the will of the few men and
the objectionable men who would have his
confidence.
The Inter Ocean: George Dewev.ls the
greatest living American. He Is the fore
most citizen of the republic. He has won
such degree -of fame and nffectlon from
the American people that it is difficult to
see what more of honor can be gained by
him as an American citizen. The Presi
dency of the republic is, of course, worthy
of any man's noblest- ambition." Yet. In
aspiring tcit.'a man in Dewey'g exalted
position ought to think many times of the
risks which' his aspirations must Involve.
Could, he be nominated with himself or
his record as a platform the splendor of
his reputation would not suffer from any
campaign, no matter how , that campaign
might 'terminate. But should he be nomi
nated on a platform framed .by . the na
tional Democracy his millions of devoted.
I CHARLES MEINECKC U CO. M
school and worked a whole cummer to
get means to go there. This lack, how
ever, had been of no real disadvantage to
the general, for he learned well from the
school of experience and by wide and
general reading:. In 1539, at the age of 19
years, he left his home without means,
first poing to lowa, then to Missouri.
In the Fpringr of I^4l General Bldwell,
with sixty-nine men. women and children.
set out to tempt the then unknown West.
With many difficulties they poshed on and
crossed the Sierras — being: the lirst party
that ever did so— to the headwaters of the
Stanislaus River, and made their way
down to the San Jnaquin Valley. At that
time <Jene:al liidwell thoupht there were
not over 100 foreigners (American, British,
Germans and other nationalities) "in Cali
fornia, scattered all over the State from
San Diego to Sonoma.
It Kit in camp at Mount Diablo that
General Hid well first heard of General
Sutter, who at that lime had begun a set
tlement r.ear the Sacramento River, to
which General BldweU made blfl way. He
engaged and remained in the employ of
Sutter. enllstfd in the defense of Califor
nia Rgßinst th<- Insurrection of the native
chiefs in the revolt of IM4-45 and acted as
eid-de-<tamp to General Sutter until the
war was ended by the expulsion of the
Mexican Governor. In the latter part of
ISI6 young liidw<-U. then but 27 years of
ace. was appointed by General Fremont
* us a magistrate for the San Luis Key dis
trtct.
In IS4S, while returning from San Fran
cisco. General Bidwell camped on Feather
River, thre^ miles east of the present
town of Bijrps. Th^re he washed out a
few pans of sand obtained from the mrir
pin of the stream. A few "colors" was
the result, the harbinger of the vast for
tunes subsequently found in the stream.
General Hldwe 11 went to Chico and im
mediately fitted out an expedition, com
posed chiefly of Indians, and returned to
Feather Kivcr. After prospecting at va
rious {places, finding jrold everywhere, he
located at a place known as indwell's
liar, an extensive sandbar named after
him. The bed «t the stream was found to
be fabulously rich in prold. The quantities
of the precious metal which he and his
Indians took away tradition estimates
only by th<^ donkey-load. News of Gen
eral EUdwelTa rich Tind soon spread to
various ranches in the vall«-y, and there
was a general rush to Feather River In
lMy. at tbe acf of 30. h<- was chosen a
member of the first constitutional conven
tion of California at Sacramento. In the
Fame year h«» was elect ed to the Senate of
the first California legislature, in IS.V)
Governor Burnett appointed General Bid
well and Judjre Schoolcraft to convey a
block of native pold-bearing quartz t<>
Washington as California's tribute to the
Washington monument. In ISM he was a
• delegate to the National Democratic
Convention at Charleston. In IMJ3 he was
appointed by Governor Stanford to com
mand the Fifth lirlg.idr-. California Mi
litia. In ISC4 he was nominated and
elected to the Thirty-ninth Congress. In
I*C". h*> was nominated for Governor of
California on the anti-monopoly or non
partisan ticket. He was a delegate to the
anti-Chinese convention, held in Sacra
mento, March. ]<;w. The general was a
strong prohibitionist, and was nominated
by his party for President in ISO 2.
He was a devout Christian, a member of
the Presbyterian church. By his bene
factiors he has acquired the* sobriquet of
"Tho Father of Chico." Among his most
noteworthy don.-itior.v are a JlO/tQO site for
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
F"OR THE
fe^ CAPE NOME
i^^ GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will Sail From San Francisco MAT Hth for tn«
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leaving there May 13th. Subao-
Quent trips will be from Seattle direct, uamely-
June Hst. July Mat and August 20th. Passen-
gers are advised to Inspect the Senator befo.a
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
eecond-class and steerage accommodations ar»
superior to the first-class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for Nome
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company haa beeii
running Its steamers to Alaska-wintar ana
summer— foi '2s years and Is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further information In-
quire of J. F. TROWBIUDGE. Ocean Dock
Seattle Wash. NPOSTON. 2O W«ahtSs£
*H tol^t 01^* 1111 ' Or- W. PARRI9, 12* West Vec-
•^.J-i £°» Aneeles. Cal. GOODALL. PER.
KINS & CO.. Gen. Agents. 4 New Montgomery
rt.. or 10 Market st.. San Francisco? Cat
2
DR. W. H. GREENBURG, New J abbi of the Congrega
tion B'nai Israel, Sacramento.DMALL'S J.EWVIGORATORjJg|aS
Fly« hundred reward for aay iffi|
cas« w« cannot cur*. This secret If"
»«m"<ly stcss all lcs*e» la It j . ¦ lp
tour*, cure* Emissions, Impo- -Vj P^m
tenry. Vancocele. GocorrCcea. ljT^i f/.'fli
die*:. KitJ. Stricture*. Lost SfciJ UjO
ii«nho->3 and ali wasting «SecU J*<flL— JnS9
tit *«U-abu»« or «ji.ce»a«s. Sent —^T*
•ealed. 13 bottle; S bottles. S3: (oaraat««4 to
car* any case. Address HALLS MCDICAI* C«-
BTITUTK. »55 BroatWar. OakUnd. OH. Ala*
for sal* at WT»t Maflwt .*..•. ». All pftw*»
itiitur* qalckly curvd, S«ad tor tr*m book.
The Strand is by far
the most dressy busi-
ness suit that there is.
Being of the cutaway
pattern, it is a stylish,
fashionable suit; and
being short and having
outside pockets, it is
handy and convenient
for the business man.
We are making, dur-
ing our sale, Strands
to order
$13.50
offering you many cloths
to choose from — some
good spring patterns.
' During the sale we
are also making to order
seven other styles of
suits and overcoats —
any one is $13.^0.
We will give samples
of everything upon re-
. If you reside out of town send for
our catalogue of "samples No. 1. and
self-measuring blank. Through this
you are assured of getting a good fit.
718 Market St. and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.
Women
Indorse
Hudyan.
• - • « r-'-Fl^k '£&£&• > "vjcj
;*"•-. fH I ¦'l/*&agBf\ V >-3
;oUow rf" *"""^
*>«? <ftir.
> ». «Tink«i rhe»ks and paleness tS.g. 4). flat-
terlnir heart <flg. 2). m<i:ge«tion tfig. 2). ema-
ciation itLg. i>.
Women, It i* *Jnful to necleet your health.
T^n't ws.it for th* surir*on*s kr.Jfe. Take HUD-
YAN nru-. It will <*ur» all those chronic In-
rarrrr.atl.--r.fi or ulceratlonfi that Riv« rise to
your *uf>rln*r« and rr>l*«rie«.
HUDYAN J* wonun't frier.d. for It br!nir»
I*rk ro»y eherks. bright eyes, a clear corn-
fl'xtnn
HE I HI I'll' tackle*, six package* for
J3 5". If your <Jrup?lM f.cr-t rot keep It send
direct to the HUDVAS P.EMEDT CO.. corn-t
Ftrtcktcn. n:n» a r:(I Market etreeta. San Fran-
cteco. CaL
* — *¦ of trje Hudyaij Femedy
! nnfTflDC ) Co - mc y be corjsulted
! LjU>^. I UflJ I by tetter or In persoo-
* * Write your symptoms.
SEND FOR CincrUAKS AND THSTIMO-
XIALS OF THE GREAT HLTJYAN-FHEE.
4v<s<~ OR. JORDAN'S great j
fHUSEUa OF fIHATCMY?
\ Th^ Largest A nstraucal Mtncum in t** \
m — -a>->_ Wor.d Wtiiwo i» «T« T contracted J
\. F^^W An*** r^»iti«,i, rmrm^ ,, y the ojas^t w
£ &*&* l 08 rffJKSAK-roiYATE DISEASES 6
\ *qsss^s C«a«ult»rion ttvr. and •tri'-tly pmate \
\ R ™ M " /: ' a ' rn: « Cttr »" ICT e r y«*»«!K*irrtik»i.. . T
A'" 1 iiW> wme for Book. PlaOtOfUYrl A
1 U d •»;«-. e book lot mra; \
"DB JOKD A X <*«•<> .IXI ilarlc-t.-t-.S. F. f
Held for Sheep Stealing.
LAYTONVILLE. April 4.— The hearing
rf John Etchart, a prominent rancher.
B nested on Monday on a charge of steal-
Ir.sz a tar.d of she^p and mutilating the
tirands on others, took j-ilace to-day. The
• r toner arai hr-ld in $T«'<o bonds to appear
for examination on April 25.
Bee-Keepers Meet.
VISALIA, April 4.— The Tulare County
T^f Keepers' Association met to-day. R.
Hyde v.as unarjimouFly elected to handle
the entire honey crop of the county this
year. Estimated honey yield Is 73 tons.
Death of Dr. Rodgers.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
TVATSOXVILLE. April 4.— Dr. W. D.
Rodgers, the pioneer physician of this
city and one of the most highly esteemed
citizens of Santa Cruz County, died here
last night, after an Illness of several
weeks. He was a native of Tennessee and
was about 63 years of age. He was an un
cle of Arthur Rodgers of San Francisco.
The funeral will take place here on Fri
day afternoon.
You Cannot Ob^ia Life Insursxca Whan Toar Kidneys Ara Out of Order.
The most Important organs in the
human body are the kidneys.
diate attention.
Swamp-Root is the wonderful dis-
They remove all the waste and
poison from the system. They are
the natural niters of the body and just
as sure as water i 3 purer and clearer
after it has passed through a filter, so
is the human system purer, so is the
blood richer and more rosy when the
kidneys are properly performing theih
functions. You may feel as though
you have co kidney or bladder trouble.
It Is best to be on the safe side. Find
out whether your father or mother had
kidney trouble, and If so be tfn your
guard, for no disease follows from gen-
eration to generation like kidney dis-
ease.
covery of Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kid-
ney and bladder specialist, and It will
be found in the dispensary of every well
regulated hospital; it Is taken and rec-
ommended by the foremost physicians
in the lacd. Thousands of men and
women occupying useful positions to-
day owe their very lives to the use of
Swamo-Hoot, the great kidney remedy.
In order that all our readers may
know Swamp-Root for what it Is. and
participate in its great benefits, every
Call reader who will send their nam«
and address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng-
hamton, N. V., will be sent a sample
bottle of Swamp-Root absolutely fre«
When your kidneys are not doing
their work, some of the symptom*
which prove it to you are pain or dull
ache in the back, plenty of ambition
but no strength, sediment in the urine
after standing twenty-four hours,
scanty supply with scalding Irritation
In passing It. may be obliged to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. Catarrh of the
bladder, gravel, excess of uric acid,
you may feel as though you have heart
trouble. Rheumatism, bloating, dark
circles under the eyes, weak stomach,
poor digestion are unmistakable evl-
dence that your kidneys need lmme-
by mall. Also a pamphlet of valuable
information pertaining to kidney and
bladder diseases and containing gome
of the thousands of testimonial letter*
received from grateful sufferers cured.
Swamp-Root being 1 so successful our
readers are advised to write for a free
sample bottle and to be sure and stat<»
that they read this generous offer In
the San Francisco Daily Call when
sending their addresses to Dr. Kilmer &
Co.. Blnghamton. N. T.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root la what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and SI bot-
tles at drug stores everywhere.
__ DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
REVOLUTIONIZED !
Treatment of Diseases of the Kidneys,
Bladder, Blood and Liver by the
Wonderful New Discovery,
Swamp-Root.
Tens of Thousands of Men and Women Owe Their
Health, in Fact Their Lives, to the Wonderful
Curative Properties of This Great
Kidney Remedy.
JEANETTE IS
PURSUED BY A
TORPEDO-BOAT
Believed That a Deserting
British Officer Is on
the Whaler.
W&S Paymaster on tie Leander and
There Is Ho Satisfactory Ex
planation for His Dis
appearance.
Ez*cL*l Dieratch to The Call.
VICTORIA. 3. C April 4.-Wfcen Cap
tain Ncwth cf the San Frar.cisco whaling
steamer Jeanette sailed frcm here at 2
o'ciock en the afternoon of Monday for
the whaling grounds In the eea of Anocir
and Ct£>e Ncme he little reckoned that In
loss than a <iay his craft would be chased
through the North Pacific by one of the
f.tet torpedo-beat destroyers of the Esqui
nialt Meet, the Virago. Yet such is the
cate. The Virago is steaming at a speed
cf over thirty milts an hour after the
2 h* cause cf the pursuit of the Jeanatte
is that Assistant Paymaster Thom«u> B.
Clarke of her ilajtstys ship Leander is
believed lo be on board. This officer mys
teriously disappeared from his ship on
Sunday. It waa at first though: that h«
had absconded with a large amount of
dovemment money, but on the examina
tion cf nis accounts they were found to
be correct. The naval authorities are.
they bay. endeavonr.g to catch, him only
lor deseruon, although such r:gorou* \
measures a& tnose :iuw being taken have :
i^fevtr beta taxen belor* in apprehending :
fc. cesertiiig oacer. but as tne rugttivo
j/&; Uiajster was aJsj secretary to Captaiu ;
i-'iigir.. and as such had full access to his !
private papers, it is alleged that tnere are ;
ether — .. - mcro in.jorLaiit rt^isons lor tno I
ctrtnuou* eSorLt tnax are being maJe to .;
capture Clarke. The oliicers ci tna ship, i
t-E might fcc ci.pec:ed, are ver>- secretive j
over tne ct'.'.cr, but all say that the night >,
and endeavor to capture the runawaj' of- j
ticer are surroundea with eensaucnai cir- ¦
The disappearance :s a strar.ge one. The ..
young c£~.ctT. who was but So years of age :
Li.d a. e tri.c.'jJ favcr::e with Victoria so- :
ciety, came to th:s city en Sunday and had '
dinner w:th Major N:cholies' family. He i
&I":erwa.ri accoi^parUed thera to church,
and left iate in the evtrJ.zig for Esquimau
on a street car in company with a feiiow i
ofScer. Ke afterward left th« car, teii- i
Ing r.:s cempanion that he had an appoint- j
nes:, a::d when the latter reminded him
tbmX hi* shore ieave had expired he said. •
"It wuiit make any diHertnce now." and i
leii. This wajj the last seen of him.
Next mcrnir.g a search was begun, and
a« he had asked Miijor NichoUea as :o i
the sailing of steamers for Cape Nome
and was known to have been fired with a ;
. - r - to go to the Arctic gold fields, the :
-Virago hurriedly got up steam and with :
ll third of ner crew on board left for
Vancouver to catch the Alpha before she ¦
sailed. Search of that vessel, however, !
failed to reveal the fugitive. On reporting j
b< r unsuccessful search the torpedo-boat )
destroyer was ordered to pursue the whal- *
_• --.-iirner Jeanette. and to date she has
not rtrurned.
There are many stories told on the ship !
n tative to the disappearance of Clarke,
but none have been verified in the Blight- I
fs*. Some hint that the paymaster has met !
w:t!i foul play and tell of the coming on
board on Sunday evening of an officer of ;
marine* with blackened eyes, wbo was
known to have quarreled with Clarke over
the a!T>ctior.s of a Victoria lady. Others ;
ray that there is a young woman connect
ed with his flight end that he has her
with him. bound to Car>e Nome.
In "-onnecticn with the inquiries made
Into the saiiir.jjr cf the Jeanette the fol- i
lowing etmng-e little scheme to ch«?at the :
:::«rom« was brought to light. The whaler j
nade*' here a large amount of alcohol and
tobacco on which no duty was paid to
either the United States or Canada. The j
pno<?s were la a bonded warehouse In i
<">maha and were brought here in bond. ;
Here they were aeain bonded for United !
Stales territoryJ and as the intention of •
the whalers is to use the foods in trade !
with the natives no duty will ever be paid j
on thtm.
PINE KNOB REf ORT. g«&. I X$: Placer
Elevation 3600 feet: delightful climate. • beau-
tiful scenery and One drives. Hunting and
fishing; pleasant walks. Rates, 1$ and SIO a
week. Send for circular. I. H. McKIM. Pro?.
Death of William R. Shaw.
SOXORA. April 4.— William R. Shaw,
oldest son of Dr. and Mrs. John Shaw]
died at Hastallpoaquillo. State of Jalisco'
Mexico, on the ISth of March. Deceased'
was a native of this State, born In Sonora.
Tuolumne County, in 1555. He was a
graduate of both the Grammar, and Boys'
High School in San Francisco, also a
graduate of the class of '77 of the State
University.
Mules for South Africa.
Special Dlscatch to The Call
WOODLAND, April 4.— M. Dlribts yester
day sold three carloads of mules to A. W
Keck of Kansas City for the British Gov
ernment.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The most attractive place in Lak» Cooaty to>
spend yoor vacation. Boating, bathing, bowt-
ing tennis, livery, new walks, etc. 'Writ* for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Laks County. Cat
PASO
ROBLES
Hot Sulphur Springs.
OTTO E. NEVEK Proprietor.
ONE OF THE MOiT NOTED MIXERAX.
spring resorts and sanitariums la America.
Open all tha year round. Marvelous cures of
rheumatism, bleed, liver, kidney and stomach
disorders. Famous mud ar.i sand baths. Ele-
gant hotel accommodatlcns. Rates, including
board, lodging, use of baths and. advlc« of
resident physician. JiO to J^."
Special Round-Trip Rebate Tickets.
FRANK W. e£y. City Agent.
Tel. Main 1043. No. MO Market st.. S. K.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are ncted for their thousands of
cures of Kheuniatlsm. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Dtsea«#s, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, deltshtful walks. Hunttns and fish-
ing. No fegs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. V.Z to lit per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 9. F.. * a-
m. and !:*5 p. m. daily. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For illustrate pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
DUBLIN GIVES
WARM WELCOME
TO THE QUEEN
Ceremonies Attending Her
Arrival Surpass Lon
don Jubilee.
Not a Jarring Note Occurs to Mar the
Greeting Extended by the Peo-
pie of the Emerald
Isle.
• —
DUBLIN. April 4.— Queen Victoria land
ed In Ireland this morning for the first
time In thirty-nine year?. The disem
barkation from the royal yacht was ac
complished at 11:20. The commander of
the forces In Ireland, the Duke of Con
na'ight. the Lord Lieutenant, Earl Cado
gan, and their staffs greeted her Majesty,
and the ride from Kingstown to Dublin
commenced In splendid weather and be
fore huge and good-natured crowds.
At the entrance to the city she received
an address of welcome, and handed the
Lord Mayor the following reply:
"I thank you heartily for the loyal wel
come and good wishes which you have
tendered me en behalf of yourself and
your fellow citizens on my arrival In the
ancient capital of my Irish dominion- I
came to this fair country to seek a change
and rest and to revisit scenes which re
call to my mind the warm welcome given
to both myself and my belo\*ed husband. I
am deeply gratified that I have been able
at this time to see again the motherland
of those brave persons who have recently
distinguished themselves in the defense
of my crown and empire with cheerful
valor, as conspicuous now as ever in their
glorious past. I pray that the Almighty
God may ever guide and direct you In the
high function which you exercise for the
benefit of your fellow citizens." v
The Queen appeared to be much affected
by the warmth of her welcome.
'Mr. Burke, a son of the former city
sword-bearer, took the place of James
Egan. the sword-bearer, who had refused
to officiate, but the Lord Mayor himself
handed the sword and keys to her Maj
esty, who touched them.
The ceremonies at the city gate were
most picturesque. London's Jubilee Mayor
Sir George Faudet-Philips, said the cere
monies were the finest he had ever seen,
far surpassing those of the great jubilee.
In reply to the address of welcome of the
Township Commissioners of Kingstown
the Queen handed the following to the
chairman:
"I thank you for your loyal and dutiful
address and for the warm welcome
wherewith you have greeted me. On set
ting foot again on Irish soil I received
with heartfelt satisfaction your assur
ances of devotion and affection toward
me. I am looking forward with much
pleasure to my visit to this part of my
dominion, and I pray may God bless Ire
land's welfare and prosperity."
As this written reply was handed to
the chairman her Majesty said: "I am
very pleased to find myself In Ireland
again.
A slight shower marred for the mo
ment the prospects of the day, but it was
soon over and the weather remained
splendid. No sooner had the Queen ar
rived at the vice regal lodge and lunched
than she drove out again In Phoenix
Park, being much cheered.
It is understood that she expressed her
eelf as wonderfully pleased with the re
ception and as yet suffered no fatigue.
Dublin went wild with delight over the
excellence with which all the arrange
ments"Vere carried out. Not one black
flag or disloyal motto marked the line of
march, and the population burled all
political feeling for the tlm*». Before
landing, the Queen, who looked remark
ably well, asked for a bunch of sham
rocks. They were secured, and through
out the day she wore them pinned upon
her breast.
The Duke of Abereorn. premier peer of
Ireland, who, with the moat of the castle
party, went to the vice regal lodge after
the royal arrl\-al and wrote his name In
the visiting book, Fald to the correspond
ent of the Associated Press: "It is the
most wonderful, chivalrous and spontane
ous exhibition I hav^ ever seen, and I
am immensely proud of being an Irish
man. Neither the weather nor the
crowds could b# more propitious. The
demonstration showed, despite all politi
cal differences. Ireland Is a loyal portion
of the empire."
These sentiments are echoed by all the
Irish nobility who are gathered In Dub
lin In numbers never f^en before. From
the pier at Kingstown to the royal resi
dence In Phoenix Park the distance Is
about n!n*» miles. Crowds lined the en
tire distance, but there was practically
no disturbance, the police and military
preserving perfect order with les* effort
than would have been necessary In Lon
don. Thanks to the brisk wind and sun
shine the forest of bunting had regained
freshness aftor yesterday's soaking, and
then one could realize that the boast of
the Dublin neople that their decorations
surpassed thos»» of th*« tuniW In Lon
don was not without foundation.
at least made an excuse regarding Its
whereabouts.
As the father was unable to obtain any
proof that a ceremony had been perform
ed he demanded the return of his daugh
ter. Thomas refused and the girl seemed
desirous of remaining with him. Her
brother. Lace Silvey, armed with a pistol,
called at the house where the two were
rooming and demanded that his sister re
turn with him to her father's home, and
when Thomas attempted to interfere he
fired several shots at him. none taking
effect. He succeeded In getting his sister
to her former home, but. through a seere t
means, she succeeded in carrying on a
correspondence with her lover and asked
him to take her back to him that both
might be happy. This correspondence was
carried on about a week when on the
afternoon of December 2T, accompanied
by her sister-in-law, she waited at the
door of the Star office, where Thomas was
employed, and waited for him to leave
the office. At 4:30 o'clock ho started out
of the door and was met by the woman
that claimed to be his wife. She engaged
him In conversation for a few moments
and then pistol shots were heard by those
employed In the office. Thomas rushed
back into the office, closely followed by
Mias Silvey. who held the still smoking
revolver in her hand and was about to
aim again when she was disarmed by par
ties in the office. Thomas sank Into a
c.iair, exclaiming: "I'm shot." He was
removed to his room and medical aid
summoned. He suffered greatly during
the night and r> n the following day the
bullet was removed. After lingering
through the night he died at 7 o'clock on
Friday morning.
Released on Bail.
Miss .Silvey. after she fired the fatal
shot, walked with her sister-in-law down
the stairs to the street and started to
ward home, but was overtaken and ar
rested and lodged in jail, but was after
ward released on $1000 ball. After the
aeath of Thomas she was rearrested and
charged with murder. She appeared in
the Justice Court and was hem to appear
before the Superior Court. On a doctor's
certificate, which represented that the
Jail was unfit for one so delicate, she was
released on $12,000 ball.
Thomas was born in Mondenon. lowa.
Before he came to California he married,
but was divorced. After coming to Cali
fornia he located In Suisun, where he
again married. After a short time he sep
arated from his wife, but did not get a
divorce, which explains why he did not
carry Miss Silvey.
MERCED. April 4.— The trial of Miss
Marguerite Silvey, charged with havlcg
killed Charles A. Thomas last December,
commenced In the Superior Court th.li
morning. Judge J. K. Law presiding. J.
W. Knox appeared for the defendant and
District Attorney* F. G. Ostrander. assist
ed by F. W. Henderson, represented the
people.
Shortly before 10 o'clock Miss Silvey. ac
companied by her father, mother and her
sister-in-law, Mrs. Dora Silvey, who was
with her when she shot Thomas, entered
the room and was seated near Miss Sil
vey's attorney. The defendant was very
pale and showed signs of nervousness.
The foliowir.g jurors were selected: C.
C. Nelson. R. H. Wallls, Thomas Max
field, W. C. Wilson, G. W. Baxter, Will
iam Robinson, Freeman Lowell. S. O.
Chittenden. F. M. Preston, W. H. McEl
roy. J. Blacklock and A. Julius. The
taking of evidence will commence to-mor
row.
The young Jady whom Thomas married
after he secured his divorce from the wife
he left in lowa arrived here yesterday to
appear as a witness In the case. Her
grandfather. Rev. A. H. Hitchcock, and
her uncle, S. B. Priest, all of Suisun. and
D. H McDonald of Windsor, are also
her* as witnesses. The latter married a
sister of Thomas and is editor of the
Windsor Herald.
Promise of THarriage.
The circumstances of the murder are as
follows:
Charles A. Thomas, a reporter on the
Merced Star, after several months' court
ship with Miss Marguerite Silvey. was
several times requested by her folks to
rr.arry her, they believing that he had
betrayed her. Finally after 'several re
quests he agreed to do so, and on July 30,
IS*>9 both boarded, the southbound train,
stating to their friends that th«»y were go
ing to Ix>s Angeles to be wedded.
When th^y arrived at Fresno they pot
off the train arid registered at a hotel un
der aesumed names as man and wife.
After a few days Miss Silvey returned to
Merced, he remaining in Fresno, to follow
four days lat^r. and upon his arrival he
introduced her as his wife, and the two
lived as such until the girl's father, be
lieving that all was not as it should be,
asked Thomas to show the marriage cer
tificate, which Thomas refused to do, or
KENTUCKIANS
IN WORDY WAR
IN THE HOUSE
Wheeler and Pugh Clash
Over the Frankfort
Situation.
Exciting Scene During the Discussion
of the Bill Providing a Form
of Government for
1 Hawaii.
•
WASHINGTON, April 4.-There was an
exciting scene in the House to-day as the
climax of a discussion of the Kentucky
situation, when Wheeler, a Kentucky
Democrat, and Pugh, a Kentucky Repub
lican, faced each other from opposite
sides of the main aisle and Indulged in a
wordy duel. Pugh charged Wheeler with
having misrepresented certain facts. He
was laboring under great excitement.
Wheeler showed admirable temper and,
though quick to resent tne fancied insult.
awaited the explanation of Pugh, In which
he disclaimed any intention of Imputing
to him personally a desire to distort the
facts. Throughout the debate, which was
precipitated by Boreing, the other Repub
lican member from Kentucky, there was
an air of suppressed excitement. It was
the first time the subject had been
broached in the House and great interest
was manifested. Lacy of lowa. concluded
the debate with a general denunciation of
the Goebel election law. This incident
overshadowed tht other speeches to-day
on the Hawaiian bill, many of which were
irrelevant.
When the House resumed the consider
ation of the bill to establish a territorial
government in Hawaii. McDowell of Ohio,
a member of the Committee on Territo
ries, was the first speaker. While Mc-
Dowell was speaking the clerk of the
Senate appeared and announced the pas
sage of the Porto Rican tariff bill with
"sundry amendments In which the con
currence of the House Is requested." The
bill was immediately referred, under the
rule, to the Committee on Ways and
Means.
Free Entry to Coolies.
McDowell, one of the original opponents
of the annexation of Hawaii, inveighed
against the labor conditions in the islands
and the Influence of corporations there.
i He approved some of the features of the
bill, but was severe in his condemnation
of the tenth section, which, he said, con
' tinued in force the labor contracts made
with imported Chinese and Japanese.
De Armond of Missouri believed the bill
would allow all the Chinese and Japanese
In the islands free entry into the United
States. He also denounced that section
' of the bill which extended the constitu
tion to the islands as far as applicable.
He took the ground that the constitution
was there of its own vigor. If not. Con
gress by enactment could not extend it
there.
Boreing of Kentucky aroused general
Interest by discussing the Kentucky situ
ation. Holding the light of civilization
before the world as the United States
were doing, were we. he asked, willing
«to tee the torch of liberty extinguished
at the birthplace of Abraham Lincoln and
the home of Henry Clay. It was with no
spirit of acrimony, he said, that he re
ferred to the situation in Kentucky. So
far as the Goebei election law that
; State was concerned, he said, the peo
ple of Kentucky would be glad to ex
change places with Porto Rico or Ha
waii. They were not asking for Federal
interference — they were asking simply
for a fair election law. In conclusion he
gave notice to the country that if it wero
necessary to get rid of the Goebel law
he would ask for tho passage of a Federal
election law.
Borelng's speech drew the fire of
Wheeler of Kentucky, who replied In a
fierce speech. He had sincerely hoped, he
said, that the Kentucky situation would
not be brought to the attention of Con
gress. He admitted that the situation was
humiliating to every Kentuckian, but had
hoped that It would not be ventilated
here.
Defends the Goebel Law.
Proceeding he eulogized the Goebel elec
tion law, which had been declared con
stitutional by the highest court of the
State. To that decision, he said, it was
the duty of every law-abiding citizen to
bow. He would not contend that .the
dominant party had not taken advantage
of its power in districting the State. It
had done so. following the tactics of the
dominant party in most of the States.
In conclusion Wheeler assured those
who had crowded about during the ex
citement and the packed galleries that
there would be no blood shed in Ken
tucky.
"But." he said, "the Goebel law Is there
to stay. It will remain as a permanent
and enduring monument to the knightly
son of Kentucky who was stricken down
by a concealed and cowardly assassin."
The Democrats gave Wheeler a round
of applause when he concluded.
MARGUERITE SILVEY ON
TRIAL FOR HER LIFE
Special Dispatch to the Call.
WHITE DOVE
HOVERS OVER
THE SENATE
Friends and Opponents of
Quay Patch Up Their
Differences.
Wolcott Apologizes to Lodg« and It
Is Agreed to Take Up the Caaa
of the Pennsylvania!!
WASHINGTON, April 4.-Peace was
restored in the Senate before that body
convened to-day, and during the proceed
ings there was only a reminder of the
harsh language used lust before adjourn
ment yesterday. The session opened with
a lively and interesting discussion of the
etatus of the Quay caas, in the course of
which TTolcott aoolog-ized for the lan
guagre he had used yesterday, disclaiming
any intention of being offensive to any
body, least of all to his friend. Lodge. The
Colorado Senator made a vehement and
eloquent appeal for early action upon the
Quay case. He was supported by other
friends of Quay, and it was decided
finally to take up the case to-morrow, un
der the unanimous consent agreement
made on March 16. In accordance also
with that agreement the Spooner bill was
made the unfinished business, thereby
bringing the Philippine question to a di
rect issue In the Senate.
"There is a great State," said "Wolcott.
"which is not represented here as It la
entitled to be. That State has almost as
many inhabitants as there are Tagalos*
in the Philippines, and yet Senators would
hold one of its Senators at the door of this
body. It Is not a question of the person
ality of Mr. Quay, but one of proper rep
resentation of the State of Pennsylvania.
"Here we have a Senator, brave, kindly
and able, dear to the people of his com
monwealth. He is rightfully entitled to
a seat in this body as an appointee of the
Governor. This Senator has been sub
jected to more vicious and overwhelming
attacks than any man in public life to
day. It is cruel If this Senate, where he
served with honor and distinction for
twelve years, shall give him the final
stab which may end nis public career."
Wolcott then referred to Quay's political
work, which he thought had brought him
many enemies, especially his service as
the national chairman of the Republican
party. Every man who filled such a po
sition was In danger of hia reputation. He
believed that the Senator from Arkansas
(Jones), who had served at the head of a
political committee, had come out of the
fire with as little of the odor of smoke on
him as ever a man had. but that might
have been, said Wolcott, facetiously, be
cause he had little money to spend.
"And I am quite satisfied. continued
Wolcott. "that if the Senator from Arkan
sas Is at the head of the committee this
year he will come out absolutely un
smirehed."
Referring to the Incident of yesterday
Lodge said that no explanation from Wol
cntt was necessary to assure him that he
fWolcotO had meant no personal reflec
tion upon him in his remarks of yester
day.
At Carter's request the Alaskan code
bill was then taken up. Morgan made an
effort to have a day set for the considera
tion of the Nicaragua canal bill, but Ma
son objected, -saying he favored the canal
bill, but he did not want the time deter
mined until the fate of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty were known. He did not be
lieve that the people generally would want
the canal at all if it were to be construct
ed under the terms of the treaty. This
objection served to prevent the granting
of Morgan's request.
Consideration of the Alaskan bill was
proceeded with on the basts of Senator
Hansbrough's amendment for the exclu
sion of alien minors from the mines of
Alaska. In this connection Hansbrough
had a letter from an American miner read,
complaining of the mining regulations of
the Canadian Government as unjust and
oppressive. The writer said that he had
addressed a letter to Secretary Hay de
nouncing the Canadian retroactive law as
"highway robbery."
Piatt of Connecticut suggested careful
Inquiry into the Canadian laws before
taking action upon the Hansbrough
amendment, saying that retaliation on the
part of Canada might follow.
After some further discussion action up
on the amendment was postponed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1900.
"THE CALL" READERS MAY HAVE A SAMPLE BOTTLE FREE.
7 COMPANY t-/>k, Will)
S S^tj sw^sl »"»»»jC^|y^ " ¦ \ fIE fc^^BT^Tsl s^ m ¦
Id o y Sa xshsi b9 ks b I «m.-W
?3 »13 £1 HI H t@l R QtSH
IU W I t^9 MB 9 B*9 is&u 9 w<Sp 51
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
tTNDER NE^C MANAGEMENT.
A. rXJLLMANN. Napa Scda Springs P. O.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, CarU A b^ r f ca .
Monterey County. ,Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: swimming tank 39x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting ar.d fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third an<l Town-
rend streets, San Francisco, 9 a. m.; First and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sol*-
dad. then by stage over beautiful level road 7
mllea to sprlnKs. Round-trio tickets S3. at S.
P. ©f3ce. 413 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For U'.ustrat-d pamphlets and fur-
ther Information addrsM E. Li. PERRACL.T.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
CI/APrC HOT SPRINOS, SONOMA
OfV/\VIvJO County; only 4ft hours
from Son Francisco and but nine mllea oC
staging: waters note<i for medicinal Tlrtuea;
best natural bath In State; sratul mountain
scenery; good trout ajreams at iloor: telephone,
telegraph: daHy mail anJ *>xpres»: FIRST-
CLu\SS HOTEL, AND STAOB SERVICE:
morninir and afternoon Btagn: rounil trip from
San Francisco only SS 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 v. ra. Terms. $2 a day or
$12 a w*ek. Reference*— Any gr.est of th« past
five rears; patronage constantly Inervajiinp.
J. F. MULQREW, Proprietor.
0 - TOCALOMA, "Jg 5
BERTBAND HOTEt.— Flr*t-c!as» »Konmiv
tJatioas: n»ss<>nab;c rates; f!si!r»»: be-antl'u!
drive* to Itear VaM^y. etc. JOSEPH F. IJKRT-
RAND or I'obra «ho«» stor», .T?4 Kearnr st.. 3.
F.. evary Friday from I to 5 o*c!.~<)c.
* liif I
1 1
for
3
PRINCIPALS IN THE xMERCED MURDER CASE AND
THfc SCfciNE OF IH£ TRAGEDY.Winners at Bennings.
WASHINGTON. April 4.— Results at
Bcnnings:
Six furlonc?. three-year-olds and upward —
Firpt Whip won. Klmmtge second. Mouseltorf
third. Time. 1:16.
Pour and a half furlongs, two-year-olds—
Vouch won. LUht Ball second. Clodhopper
third. Time. :. r .7 3-5.
Maiden hurdle race, mile and a half, over six
hurdles— Gould won. Cousin Jess second, Mon
roe I»c>ctrine third. Time, 2:."9 2-5.
Sevf-n furloncs. splllnp. thre*-yoar-olds and
upward— Diminutive won. Pickwickian second.
Holdup third. Time. l:3l'<i.
Handicap for throo-yonr-olds and upward,
mile and I<v> yards— Chnrentu* won, Sidney
Luras second P^nu Ideal third. Time. 1:51 4-5.
THE engagement is announced of
Miss Emily Ilager. the well known
society belle, to Walter L. Dean,
also well known in society circles
and son of Walter E. Dean, the capital
ist. For some time past the gossips have
exchanged whispered confidences regard
ing the warm friendship existing between
the young couple and it has on
more than one occasion been hint
ed that the marriage bolls would soon be
ringing, but no formal announcement of
the engagement has heretofore been
made.
Miss Haper is a daughter of the late
John S. Hager and is widely known. .The
bride to be is a handsome demi-blonde,
highly accomplished and universally pop
ular.
Mr. Doan is associated in business with
his father and is one of the best known
young men about town. He is a member
of the Pacific Union Club and other swell
organizations.
No <late for the wedding is given out,
but it is understood that the happy event
will take lilace In the near future and
after th* wadding tour Mr. and Mrs.
Dean will take up their residence in this
city.
The marriape will undoubtedly be one
of the most notable affairs of the pea
son in view of the social prominence
of the contracting parties, and will
be looked forward to with more or
LICK OF HARES
HANDICAPS THE
COURSING MEN
Both Parks Declare OS Their
Midweek Stakes for
This Week.
Union Park Management Arranges
a Great Eierhtv-Four Dog Stake
for Saturday and
Sunday.
The management of Inglrslde Coursini?
Park has been compelled to declare <jff
the midweek meotinp which was sched
uled for to-day. Inability to procure
hare? at any price is the explanation of
the failure to hold the meeting:. \V. J.
RrowninK hap had a monopoly of the busi
ness for years and has gradually in
creased the price from 25 to .a cents. In
thf-ir anxiety to secure hares for this
week the Inglii-ide directors offered $1
each for 101 hares. The answer came
back: "'Stormy weather; no hares."
In addition t<> the first cont of the hares
there is nearly an equal amount for ex
pressage an.i transfer expenses. The
problem of procuring sufficient hares is a
serious one with the promoters of courfl
ir.p. as a lark of hares strikes at the inun
dation of the pport. Tho continued slaugh
ter of the pests in the San Joaquin \ alley
i< said to have reduced vheir number enor
bjoublt. ... ,
An etehty-four-dop etake will he the
card at I'nion Park on Saturday and Sun
day a hiph class entry was received at
the fimw last nipht. The dogs are well
matched and are expected to provide
good sport on Saturday afternoon. Cours
ing will commence on Saturday upon the
arrival nf the 1 p. m. train. On Sunday
there will be trains .it 11, 12 and 1. The
total prize money is JT^t, divided as fol
lows: To the winner. Jll<; runner-up, 170;
third. $50; three at $30 each, five at $'JO,
ten at fl5 nnd twenty-one at JlO. Ihe
draw repulte*] as follows:
Mar,*r & Reld'n Nelli* Hawn vs. George Me-
DouKaire Bpindle: F. A. UcOomb's One Spot
vs Uui AtxTcromhie's Victor Kin*: T. J. Cro
r.'.r.'s Wild TraW vs. <J. W. Helntz'e Rustic
Beauty; J. L. Hoes' Just Tip vs. F. A. Mc-
Corr.b 1 * Fir Pasha; R. K. de B. Lope**a I'raw
fr»r<J I-ai vs. R. E. Ie B. Lopez'a Whit, -h. -a*i:
J Ferris' I^ah Vf T. J. Cmnln's Rose of Tra-
W: Pasha K«»nTi*!fr" Rnun<i About vs. A. John-
Pfin'f Mountain IV-auty: Aen^iJ K*ntvls - Aih<>
na vs. J. Sher(dan> Forest Kmp; Rufspll.
A'!«»n & Wilson"* v*. Curtis & Son's
r;>:re Fox; E. M. KeUore*e H<-n's Babe vs.
furl & Knowtetf" Bleety Mi^t; Gus At»»rerom
tie> Hr.rk Inland Kin? vs. W. C Giafson's
Finish Bells: Curtis & Fon's Beacon vs. K. E.
tie B. Ixipci's Diablo; J. Carroll's Auckland ra.
V. Winders' Rieky Att«=n.it: R. E. de B. L>-
I^z'f Pei>it» vs. T. J. Cron'.n'i" Vandal; .T. 11.
Harrison'* H<>t Ha*-te \>. S. Van<W Whites
I>»ar King; Georjr*" N*»ther»"ote's Freda vs.
Ijin.'.e A- Gerber's Rienzi: H. 8.-"de li. Lopes'a
Dairy Maid vs. J. Carroll's IW Hind; D. K.
Carter's Joe Farrell vs. Pas-ha Kennels' R*
ronilnfr Ar.trel; J. M. Haiton'a Lavender vs. K.
M. KetlopK's Kid McCoy; Pterl & Knnwles'
F*or Glory vb. J. Hurley's Hurricane; E. M.
KenofcK'e" Sweet Emma vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson' (= Master Ciair: A. Vander White's
Cymro vb. E. Geary'F Palo Alto: A«.-neld Ken
nel*' Aeneas vs. J. Hurley's Bhylock Boy: H.
McNeil's Biackhawk vs. T. L*u:an'«« Honor
BrlKht; M. Michalak's CM Glory vs. J'nsha K-n
r.e'.e' May H^nirstead ; \V. C. GJaenon'* £-an
tonln vs. Mah*r £ Reid's Sintleton: J. L.. Ross'
J ij R vs. Curtis & icon's Vulcan: P. Poyle'n
Wild Monarch »n. Maher & Reid's Uncle Ful
ler: 11. G. Nichols' May Herscbel vs. R. Far
mer's Moonstone; T. J. Cronin's Maid of Ball
vs. Aeneid Kennels' Apamemnon: E. Geary's
Ireland vs. Vasha Kennels' Mtta'.llc; R. E. de
B. bapez'a Wamier vs. D. K. Carter's Hiph
Jinks: R. I-.. Taylor's Winning LaPsl* vs. R.
L. Tay!or'« fttoae: K. M. Kellocc's lowa Mai.t
vs. J. Hur!e>'s O X Capitol: Curtis & Pnn's
Blackette vs. RuneU. Allen & Wilson's Miss
Allen. Ernin & Lyons' May yu>*n vs. G. \V.
Heir.tz's Coquette: Erwln & Lyons' Silver
Wines vs. C,u* At^rcromb'.e's Ro<-k Island Boy;
T. Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. A. Ma*sey*« Hadl
»ift: R. L. Taylor's Hmdy Boy vs. J. Cane't
Greenhall; George Wait a Bit vs.
R. ftrahl'F Three Cheers: Pasha Kennels* Roy
al Anne vs. T. J. Cr nin's Thornhill: F. A.
McComb's Little Sister vs. Pasha Kennels'
lie*t Assured.
MMafoedefr
I|^wii> the acknowledged
il^fP^^ King of Bottled
r^J^^^^^\ Beers, possesses
'* every element that
makes a perfect and delicious brew.
Nearly three quarters of a billion
bottles of this famous brand have
been consumed-a world's record.
. , The product of
Anheuser=Busch Brewing Ass n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
- m s*^S m Famous the world over for Its tonic qualities,
recommended by physicians everywhere, is
4f/l > lS+*/+/ $msw*wv+*' prepared by this association.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
//^"2§*&^\ / T t\ Sj? // Tlicro is a glorious builder of manhood, a power which will renew the fire of youth in men who are
/j.j|ili7\sif /L 1/ X /j r jr iff breaking down, which will cure the effects of early dissipation and excesses, stop all drains upon the vitality and
flifi^Yßy I A tjy ll!1 every I1( -" rv0 - every muscle and every organ of the body with the vim. snap and energy.
A / S^ -f /^ Tllc Dr ; IcLau shlin- Electric Belt will cure Nervous Debility. Early Decay, Lost Vitality, Varicocele,
JwJg'fiS'*-* Sy * Jr Impotency. Weak Back. Weak Kidneys, Rheumatism. Sciatica. Paralysis, Lumbago. Locomotor Ataxia, In-
jdr digestion, Dyspcpsfa. Constipation, Piles, Enlarged Prostate Gland. Bladder and Urinary Troubles, all Female
tf kf «i^Cj rffijr Complaints, and all Pains and Aches by renewing the warm, vigorous glow of life in the parts and restoring the
/^ y\ MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
i $£*z2%f?^- 4 I * ; : ® Is the best on earth. I guarantee it to be stronger in power than any other elec-
/. \ J&fc^^''' '. \ >Vcak Bnck ard Kidneys. trie body appliance in the world. I warrant it to last one year without repairs or
li 'V2-I~* •. J I El sivorf Cal Anrii i 1° be re P l£ ieed with a new one at my expense. It has the only regulator possessed
If I&*Z V ~ UJ on M A McL\UGHLiN-Dear Sir-' I II 5 ?' Electric Belt and Soft Chamois Cushion Electrodes which cannot burn and
I 'l£§z~^ v *% have used your Belt three months and can blister as do the bare metal electrodes on all other belts. To appreciate these
I //^^~ • » 1 sa y t^ Bl r feel like a new being, and am points see it and compare with others.
I i^yV?* ' • A completely cured of my kidney trouble ami
f. >//'lM^ ' i all pains in. my back. lam satisfied with ' rDCC DAAI/ My SO-pajre book is beautifully Illustrated and full of
\\ i&ridtj§£*~* : *~ "if what your Belt has done for me. and shall *¦* » »— *—> OUvi\ truths for men and women who are weak and declin-
V-'vfe^3^r' v Jrl / always speak a good word for it. Yours ing. Tt is worth rondinff. If you have tried everything elso and believe in noth-
r-^aSS^^KV^V^ -V-V^ rt-jH-ct fully. N, C. SLATEK: lntf. this book will convert you to the altar of truth. I send it, closely sealed
— — .. f ree . Ask for u _ Callf if possible, and consult me personally.
'^Wl^tf^':^ nO M fl y ft | illinUl \i\ 702 Market, Cor. Kearny,
\%^^S>^4\ USI. IfL H tV.f.l illlhril 111 S.F.. and Burdick Block.
i-lll^P^TV'^ Ulil Ifll fll lIIULnUUIILIII9 Ccr. Spring «d Swo.d, Lot A«g.l.t-
NEVER SOLD IN uituG STORES. Offlc* Hours-9 A. M. to 8 P.m.| Sunday.lO A.M.to t F». iVt.
The strrct vender's business is more of
a calling than a trade.
CHARLES SCHIMPF.
Died on the Street.
William Jurgens, a brewer, residing at
227 Francisco street, fell dead at 3:45
o'clock yesterday afternoon while walk-
Ing along Montgomery avenue, near the
Intersection of Broadway. Deceased was
57 years old and a native of Germany. The
body was removed to the Morgue,
POPULAR THEATRICAL
MAN PASSES AWAY
DEATH has claimed Charles
Schimpf, secretary of the Walter
Orpheum Company, and one of
the most popular theatrical men on
the coast. Mr. Schimpf passed away at
the German Hospital last night as the re
sult of an operation for appendicitis, per
formed ten days ago.
Mr. Schimpf was a nephew of the late
Gustav Walter and was born in New Tork
thirty-two years ago. When Mr. Walter
opened the Rathskeller, at the corner of
Turk and Mason streets, years ago, he
brought his nephew out from the East
and placed him in the box office as as
sistant ticket agent. When Walter
opened the Orpheum Mr. Schimpf occu
pied a similar position in that Institution,
and when the branch Orpheum was estab
lished in Los Angeles he was sent to that
city as treasurer and assistant manager.
On the death of Gustav Walter his
widow brought Mr. Schimpf back to San
Francisco to act as her representative at
the local theater.
John Morrisey. manager of the Or
pheum, paid a high tribute to Mr.
Schimpf's many good qualities last night
and expressed deep regret at his untimely
death. Deceased left a widow, a daughter
Of Mrs. A. T. Dunphy, but no children.
CAPE NOME AS A PORT
OF ENTRY FOR ALASKA
Special Treasury Agent Evans Here
to Take Testimony on the
Question.
J. F. Evans, special treasury agent for
Alaska, who will take testimony for and
against the proposition of making Cape
Nome a port of entry, has arrived here.
In regard to Cape Nome as a port of
entry the interests of Canada and British
Columbia are ranged on one side and the
shipping Interests of the United States on
the other. If the commercial and ship
ping facilities of this coast are sufficient
to transact the business it is not In the
interest of San Francisco to have Cape
Nome made a port of entry, and the ad
ministration would not feel disposed to
cripple trade if facilities for doing busi
ness could be furnished at this port. For
this reason Colonel Evans is seeking in
formation and testimony from the com
mercial and shipping interests here on
this matter.
Seattle, with her rival interests and a
railroad running north and connecting
with the Canadian Pacific, has such Brit
ish connections and interests as induce it
to favor the making of Cape Nome a port
of entry. Hence the significance of Col
onel Evans' stay here for the coming two
weeks.
Water Polo Tournament.
The first of a series of seven games of
water polo between teams of Olympic
Club swimmers was played last night in
the big tank of the Post-street building.
j The team captained by C. K. Melrose won
j from that captained by Archie Taylor by a
! score of 3to 0. The winning team, known
I as number one, was made up as follows:
! C. K. Melrose (captain). D. Carroll, F.
! Hartman. F. Duran, T. F. Kennedy. A.
| Swinnerton, B. Sherry, F. Leary, H. Pfuhl
. and George James. The losers, or team
i number three, consisted of A. Taylor
! <cap'ain). Alex Pape. J. J. Phillips, B.
> Connolly. W. Clausen. J. J. Bevans. R.
i C. Fen/ton. W. Cartwright, Lloyd Lieb
'¦ man and C. Conlon. The members of the
| other team are: G. A. Hinkel (captain).
i G Croal G. Habenicht. Lester Hammer
! smtih. A. Wilde. G. Gallette, XI. Dickey,
j C. Clough. W. H. Byington and W. Leon-
a rd. Kach team p'.ays the others twice,
! the games being held each Wednesday
¦ night.
Marriage of a Revenue Officer.
Miss. Lottie K. Hood, a beautiful young
woman of this city, was last night united
HONOLULU HEALTH BOARD
DENOUNCED BY DR. LEVY
Well Knou-n Rabbi Declares There |
Was No Plague — Claims His
Son Was Unfairly Treated.
Mrs. M. S. Levy, wife of the well-known |
rabbi of this city, left for Honolulu i
yesterday on the steamship Australia i
for the purpose of visiting and nursing
her Pon Herman, who w.-is reported on the
Ut of March last to have contracted bu- I
bor.ic plague. The family of the young
man has been In 'a state of distress over
Uie unwelcome tiding* and have waited
• overly for news of hi« condition. Wht-n
!he rumor of Herman Levy's dread 111
?: ess reached his parents they also re- i
oetved the promise of Dr. Hoffman, chief
of staff o' the Board of Health of Ho
nolulu, that he would keep them apprised
of their eon's condition. Th* doctor's
failure to do so has caused great anxiety
to Rabbi Levy and his family.
Rabbi Levy is indignant because of Dr.
Hoffman's forgetfu'.ness and mure fo over
the uncharitable and brutal way his son
has been treated by the Health Depart
ment of Honolulu. In an interview last
night h* expressed his opinion that th«re
was no plague in Honolulu, and that the
ecart was brought about so that certain
officials could lay their "claws like vul
tures" upon the gold set aside fur the
purpose of protecting the city from the
dread disease.
"On the Ist of March." he tsaid. "it was
reported that my son Herman was sus
pected of having bubonic plague. On that
occasion I received a note from Dr. Hoff
man, chief of stafr of the Board of Health
of Honolulu, informing me of the condi
tion of my fion, his temperature, pulse
and respiration, ail of which were of an
alarming character. He further volun
teered the Ftatement that he would keep
me well informed as to the condition of
my son on each and every outgoing
steamer. This he has failr-d "to do. By
reason of an article which appeared in
The CaJl of last week, wherein it was
stated that from information they had re
ceived an>l from interviews that "had be«n
published from prominent business men
of Honolulu, it would appear that there
has never been a genuine case of bubonic
plague in the city of Honolulu, and that
the. whole scare was a fake.
"This proposition seems feasible when
»c stop to consider that the Government
funds amounting to neatly three-quarters
of a million dollars were at the disposal
<jf the Hoard of Health to stamp out fhc
bubonic plague. Personally I believe The
Call's representations. I cannot believe
that anything e.o audacious could possi
bly be perpertaed upon an indulgent com
munity. But when a young man is kept
in the pesthnuse for twenty-four days
and the Board of Health is either too
cowardly or too ignorant to publish to
the world what ailment has kept ¦him in
the pesthoupe all that time, then it Is but
natural that our suspicions should be
aroused and that we should th-ink that
this cry of plague was a fake. It is im
possible at thic time, so near the Passover
holidays, for me to go on this errand of
mercy instead of Mrs. Levy, but under all
circumstances our child needs careful
nursing, and we are determined to probe
to the very bottom what power and what
right was Riven the Board of Health of
Honolulu to take a young man from his
oottape at the dead of night, pump Pas
teur serum into his body on peveral occa
sions, without there ever having been, so
far as our information goes, a single in
dication of plajrue in his system.
"The physicians have- acknowledged
that there were no 'buboes,' that the pa
tient was never delirious, and animals in
oculated with his 'sputem' still live. Can
any reasonable person doubt these condi
tions that his illness was anything but
the plague? If we shall have evidence to
fustain us in this matter we shall make
the Board of Health feel the injustice and
wrong they have perpetrated upon our
Fon. as well as the anguish and anxiety
and sorrow they have brought upon our
family."
An Insolvent Farmer.
Isaac O. Jacks, a farmer of Silveyville
Township. Solano County, filed a petition
In Insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. His liabilities are
$14,177 02, and he has no assets.
MRS. BALLINGTON BOOTH
TALKS OF PRISON WORK
Tells of the Great Reform Among
Criminals Due to the Efforts
of Salvationists.
Mrs. Maud Ballinglor. Booth met a
number of ladies and gentlemen In the
parlors of the Occidental Hotel yesterday
and told them about her prison work.
Although the movement had originated in
New York scarcely more than three years
ago It has proved successful far beyond
the hopes and expectations of Mrs.
Booth. Out of SOO ex-convlcts who have
passed through Hope Hall In New York
75 per cent have been permanently re
formed and most of them have become
active Christians. The work has passed
beyond the experimental stage and can
now be eet down as practical and perma
ment, and tho only way of successfully
dealing with criminals and making them,
good and useful citizens.
Wardens all over the United States,
paid Mrs. Booth, recognize the work as an
important adjunct to theirs and lend it
their support. At the Joliet (111.) prison
the good behavior and discipline of the
men has Increased 50 per cent. It Is not
right to say that the 84,000 convicts. In
prison in this broad land cannot be saved.
The majority of them can be reformed,
and the work every day is proving It.
Mrs. Booth spoke of the pressing need
of funds to promote the work. She said
that she herself earned $10,000 per year for
the work on the lecture platform.
MONTGOMERY
HANDICAP WILL
BE RUN TO-DAY
John W. Schorr's Streamer
Likely to Be Made
Favorite.
MEMPHIS. Term.. April 4.— The gates of
! Montgomery Park will ne thrown open to
' morrow for the twentieth annual spring
j meeting of the new Memphis Jockey
! Club. The feature of to-morrow's pro
' gramme is the historic Montgomery han
j dicap. at a mile and a sixteenth, for
j which some of the best handicap horses
!In the West will start. The race will be
I worth about $3000 to the winner. John W.
I Schorr's colt Streamer is looked upon as
I the probable favorite. He will be ridden
iby Tommy Burns. The entries for this
event are:*
Cambrian li'lHarry Xutter T>-,
Streamer IHJIM Tipton 105
j Crwrrrleat ll<MHlKh j;nk* 102
! •Crockett lio rapron 100
; Duke of Haden 10$!8alnt Plmonian 100
i Jolly Hoper Wi 'Altoe Turner 96
: Grpatlands Ws.iFlorlzar S>6
j Helle of Memphis.... l*7 iMaude Wallace 62
j Laureate 106J
•Doubtful Ftarter-
MAYDAY FESTIVAL TO
BE HELD IN GLEN PARK
Unusual Preparations Under Way for
the Annual Outing and Exercises.
Programme of Events.
Preparations for the teachers Mayday
festival, to be held at Glen Park, are
progressing satisfactorily. At Tuesday's
session of the press committee Deputy Su
perintendent Jordan presided in the ab
sence of Miss M. A. Dean. The commit
tee consists of Miss M. A. Dean, chair
man; Mrs. Edith I-yons. secretary; Miss
Mary R. Moran. Miss Emma Stincen, Mrs.
Eva S. Hackett. Miss J. M. Mlchelson,
Miss Eliza D. Keith. Miss Pauline Hart.
Mrs. H. J. Bain and Deputy Superin
tendent Jordan.
A communication was received from
Walter X. Burt. chairman of the commit
tee on athletics and games, stating that
a football game would be played, if de
sired, by teams from the Clement Gram
mar ami the Adams Cosmopolitan schools.
A tug of war will also, it is believed, be
arranged between students of the High
Schools.
It has been decided to Increase the num
ber of children to take part In the singing
and physical culture exercises from 3000
to 6500 and to make It a leading feature of
the entertainment. The teachers, who are
managing the business end of the pro
gramme, are meeting with the most grat
ifying success. Merchants are responding
liberally with advertisements and It Is ex
pected that 11000 at least will be the net
profit realized in this way alone.
There will be no difficulty in the trans
portation of the expected crowd. Within
a week the tunnel will be completed and
the cars of the Mission-street line will
then run directly Into Glen Park. Facili
ties will thus be given for the transporta
tion of people at the rate of 20,000 an
hour.
In marriage to Frederick C. Hill, an of
ficer on the revenue cutter Rush, by Rev.
E. A. Woods of the First Baptist Church.
The ceremony was performed- In the pas
tor's study and was strictly private, only
the Immediate friends of the couple be
ing present. After the ceremony the hap
py pair adjourned to the home of Mrs.
C. Hinckley at 609 Polk street, where
a wedding repast was enjoyed.
CURTIS DENIES ALL
KNOWLEDGE OF JONES
Has Letters Showing Excellent In
dorsements of Character by
Prominent Men.
George F. Curtis denies that he has any
connection with or knowledge of tho lot
tery game that D. 11. Jones and L. O.*
Skancke are engaged in, and said last
evening that he had never heard of either
of them before The Call's expose of
yesterday morning. A Washington dis
patch cous>led Mr. Curtis with Jones and
Skancke. Mr. Curtis shows by papers in
his popsespion' that he has the very hlgh
est connections, and that Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States and
other leading men of the country, in po
litical life and on the bench, have spoken
in the highest and most unqualified terms
concerning his worth as a man. Among
the number are General Joe Whcelc-r, Jo
seph H. Choate, Chief Justice Brewer of
the Supreme Court of the United States
and Associate Justices Field, Brown and
Shiras. He came West some time ago to
identify himself with the legal fraternity
of the Pacific Coast, bringing the letters
from the persons named and from many
others of prominence. He was the law
librarian of Congress for eleven years and
has a complimentary letter from libra
rian Spoff<">rd. Concerning the statement
thBt he had trouble in Switzerland he
gays and has papers to show that he was
arrested by mistake for a Spaniard who
was wanted for some offense in Monte
video. He was released when the mistake
was? ascertained and the State Depart
ment of the United States took up the
matter. He has a suit now pending
against the Swiss Government, which has
made proposals for a settlement.
less Importance by society. Both the
prospective bride and groom are natives of
California and have spent all their lives
in this city with the exception of occa
sional trips abroad. It is hinted, although
without any pretence of a knowledge of
MISS EMILY HAGER AND HER FIANCE, WALTER L DEAN.
the itinerary, that the honeymoon will be
spent In the East and on the Continent
and that the Paris Exposition will be
among the places visited before the pair
return to the Pacific Coast to take up
their permanent residence.
BOARD OF WORKS
ESTIMATES ARE
TO BE REDUCED
Auditor Finds Big Increase
in Cost of Engineer's
Department.
Contemplated Expenditures of tho
. Commission Exceed One-Third
of the Total Probable Mu
nicipal Revenue.
The Auditor's clerks were kept busy
yesterday reducing the amount of money
estimated by the Board of Public .Works
to be necessary for the maintenance of its
several departments during the next fis
cal year. In the one item of the estima
ted expenses of the Bureau of Engineer-
Ing an enormous Increase has be«n dis
covered over the amount expended for the
same work during the fiscal year of 189S
1599. The consolidation act provided that
the City Engineer should receive $500 per
year and all fees, out of which he was to
pay his deputies. The salaries of the lat
ter under Charles Tllton amounted to
something over $18,000 for the year named.
The office was self-sustaining, but cost
the city $11,706 for surveys. It Is thought
that the City Surveyor had over $5000 for
himself after paying all the expenses of
the office.
The following Is the amount estimated
as necessary for the Bureau of Engineer-
Ing, which takes the place under the new
charter of the Surveyor's Department:
Salary of City Engineer, $5000; investigation
of plans and estimates of cost of publio utill
tlpp. ir.n.OOO: division of streets and lot sur
veys, $59,450; division of construction, $9540; of
fice equipment, testing appliances, chemical
laboratory, etc., $4100. Total, $133,120.
Eliminating; the item of $55,000 for the
Investigation of plans and estimates of
cost of public utilities will leave $78,120,
which the city will be required to pay for
the department undfer the charter, as
against $11,706 under the old law.
For the Bureau of Streets the estimate
of the Board of Work? for the next year
has been placed at $6*7,720. whereas for the
last fiscal year the expenses of the Street
Department were $410,500. Estimated in
crease this year over last. $267,220.
For new departments the sum of $307,
4fio 50 Is asked: the Bureau of Light and
Water, which corresponds* to the Gas In
ppector's office, will cost $2350; stationery,
$3000: expenses of peneral office. $21,960;
recommendations for repairs to City Hall,
$113,687: sewer construction. $229,750. mak
inp a grand total of $1,499,047 50 which the
Board of Public Works desires to spend,
or over one-third of the probable amount
which will be raised by, taxation and other
sources of revenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, 'APRIL 5, 1900.
POPULAR SOCIETY COUPLE
WILL SOON BE MARRIED
BICYCLES!
SODTHWICK'S
EUREKA
OR
WATERJELLY!
Sure cure for porous or punctured tires. War-
ranted to be superior in every way to anything
ever invented.
EUREKA is in use in nearly every shop in
Southern California and in all up-to-date shops
in San Francisco and within 50 miles of San
Francisco. Try EUREKA and you will never
be without it. It fills the bllL
For Bale by all up-to-date dealers la large
and small cans. Cheapest and best.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
•/ r> i\ CLJ & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
KKUuil ing daily; 1 JO-Hp. gasoline en-
glne cheap. » Stevenson. B. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. 625 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME HOUSES FOR SALE.
12x18 ft.. $150; 16x20 ft.. JMO. Apply to the
HUMBOLDT LUMBER CO.. Third and
Washington sts.. Oakland. Cal.
DWEDOING PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pttmpe,
Englnes&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 644 A Mission. S. F.: communl-
catlcns from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
F apply fresh or salt water for elulce boxes:
high or low lifts. Elmonds. S3 Market st.
BEACH OOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. .No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
THE Eureka l!K<0 beach gold saver; the only
pan motion. 26 Beale st.
OOL » SEPARATOR. ~~ ~
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 133 Ist.
MATTESOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Long torn, riffles and carpet combined saves
placer jrold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Paving Machine. 239 Fol-
Mtn street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GASOLINE ENGINES,
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORK 3 ts fllllns;
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. 8. F.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard.
3CB Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F. j
LTQUORS-
WHICI^FV U CAHEN * SON.
VT lllOrVl-. I 413 Sacramento.
OILS.
LUBRTCATINO OllCrude Oil and Oasolln- j
ENSIGN & McOCFFICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F ¦
PLATES FOR SAVINO GOLD.
Schaezleln & Burrldge. S Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BELL. Central Plating Works. 85) Mis- J
slon St.. S. F. Phone Jessie 3CI. I
ROCKERS.
nnrrcne Hula-Hula Rocker: Centrifugal
nUVIICi J sand Pumps: Machinery. PARKE I
A LACY CO.. 21 Fremont st. j
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washlnfrton j
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F. ¦
PILE-DRIVINO ENGINES. '
Worthlngton Steam Pumps & Water Meters.
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
ENGINES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER ft HAMILTON. Engines and Boners;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine A Davts sta. j
FUPS.
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME. I
ALBERT HOEFLJCH. 118 Grant aye. j
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents,
covers. SI and S3 California st.
EATLROAD TBAVEL.
California Limited-
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
T* I *!* tho Quickest running and most
luxurious train «cro« the continent!
Connecting Traix Leaves San Francisco:
| P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
goturday. arriving in Chicago at 2:15
tt r I Nel OC V°o n rk! Ct W " h "" lUnUed
OVERLAND Leaves San Franclsc* at 5:30
EXPRESS P-m-witkTPalace and Tourist
DAILY S?J? for Kans as Citj, SuLoma,
UAIL.T Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
LTBaWeS^^^'^^ ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
FRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
_„. o, 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
SSu^S^suK 01 J su ~t:~ t: Jose « 7 West
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC KfULWAY
w v£? n Fran c»aco via Sausallto Ferry.
Sundays... .8;oo. io :0 o a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
— IMI.MHT rAVTTtC C^KFAJIX.
(TACiriO *TSTMi.)
Tmtß* leave •»«•• aro due »• »rrtv« •«
HAH VKA*V I*<:o.
(M*ln lir.e, Foot of Market Street)
LXATI — 7BQM PMBPABT t3, 1300. — A*MTTm
•7KH»a Benidm. Solsnn, Ehnlnk. V»«»in«k *
Rumie y «.rul Sacramento ~"°f
•7iOOi ShaiU Expreu— DaTi* Willowy _-_-_ -
Rod BluH PorUand *7t43F
•7t3OAM»rtinex,B»nlUinon. Vallejo. >»p^
C»lUtoe» ami Santa 110« a. ........ ••HBP
•»i3o*ThoOTerUndlim«ted-Os<len,D«»-
Tor. Omaha. Chicago. •--•••• •??«- •»« I»F
•¦iSOa 8»n Jo«e. Llfermore, BtoekVm.
Ion«. B»crmmento, TUomtlle.
M«rj>*l!le, Chico. lSwlßliiff %*\*+
•St 3©» •Milton. O»kd»le. Honor*. Carter*... *•*•»*«•
•»:*©» mjwar'l*. »U« M»* Way Ht»Uoo.. •! 1.43 a.
•osOUa D»tU, Woodland. Knfchu landtag.
•O.OO* Atlantia KxpreM-Otfden udbrt «u^s4.
•U:»Oi Martinez. Tracy. Laturop, Stockton. _
Mercfdan.l Fresno..... •»»'»»
•»¦«» a Port CoeU, FresDO, Moja»» »ud Loa
AnKele* '• Ma *
• 1 ftino a Vallejo. Rtwttaw «n.l W«y Butlona »a»43r
mento.MendoU,H»nford.Vl»^ta»
PcrterrUla ....-• ....¦•• "wiIUP
•I ««O<hf H»yw*rda. KHw an J W»j SUUom. *****
tliOOr B»craro«nto ltiterStejmew......... I'JjSJ
•3iOOp lHyw»rd», NilMi and Waj BUUom. •a t 43f»
•4iU«ii> MarUuex. S»i» lUmou, V»U»Jo,
Nap*. O»l!»toii«. Hauta no«* «»«1»*
• l,s«r Benlcla. VacaTiilo, tUer*m*nto.
Wooilland. KnighU l*n<lln«.
M»ry»Till<?, Oro»iii*> .5*1.1
•4ta«rNllo«. Han .lose »ml Stockton "7«ia»
•SsOOrThn Owl limited— Tracy. *rW£O»
lUkenflald. Hangn* for S«iU «•*•*-.
bara. lw» An«el«L ...--• •1«»«»A
oSiOOr 6nn»e« iartit49d— El Puo, W«w On-
leanaand East SlrTi*
•3i»Op Stockton. Meiccl. Freawo »1»»1O»
•3 l'.Ute K.t-auo, ltakenn«iil. Santa lluhmnt,
Ix>» Angelem, laming. El Paao.
New Orleam and East **»»
*3iB»r Hanta »* Kouto— Allan tlo ExpreM
• for Mojats and Kast 25*??'
•OjOOp Haywards, XUesandHan Jo«« *i .«*
t«:aurVall«jo •I»il3p
•oi3Ur Oriental Mail— Ogdan, CD*T«na*
Omaha, Chicmjo ••*»*
•4iUr Oriental Maii-Ogden, DetrfCT,
Oman*. Chicago.... *••*»»
t7:oor Vallejo, Port Co«U and Waj SU-
tion*. :»!<W»
•Wi«3r Oregon and California lix|.rea«,Hao-
rameuto, Marjifille. lttxlillng.
Portl*».l. Plight H.Miml ami lU«> »<t!34
COAST IHTHION (Harrow Caaire).
{Foot cf Market Strwt.) i
•»; 15a Newark. C>nt«rT»ill(?,.HauJo»o,Felton,
ltoui.lcr CTr«k,Saut»Cnu and Way
BUUons .-.-• *>»•»
tSttSp Newark, C«nt«rTille. Ban Jew, "Sew
ALtnaden. k'elton. limiMet Creek,
Banta Crua and l'riuclpal War
Stations »!•«»•*
"4 : 1 3p Newark. H%a Jos«. Loa Gatos. <9>2Oa.
SI1:I3p Ilinters" Excursion. San Jo»o and
Way Sta:lon!i t' I ***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;
frtmSlH rRAKCISCO— Foot cf M»ritt StrMt(Sli? »)—
•7:15 0.00 11:00 a. «. tI:C3 *2.33 JJ:0O
•4:C3 t3:C3 •C:C3r.n.
fromOHUKD— rul«fßra»aw«T.— "B:oo 8:00 I<H)O».*.
tIS:C3 *l:03 12:C3 «3:C3 lt:C3 'ie3r.ll.
COAST DIVISION (II road <!*¦•;•).
(Third aiHlTowniwmlSta.)
tH:lOA«>oeaii View, Bontb Han Fianelaco.. i+t*+r
•7:ll«« Ktui Jon »"-V Way Statl-n* (New
Aluifleu Wednesday* only) »li*«p
•»iOO> Hau Jrmi. Tres I'inoa, H&ntA Cms,
I'ariiio Urote. Taso Hobles, Baa
I.uU Oblsro. Surf, Lompoo *a 4
Principal Way Htatlnns •4sl«v
•lotio* BauJo«aan<l Way MtaUona *fltS3«
•lIiUOa San Joao and Way Station* *3<S4tr
t'Jli tr,r San Mateo. Uedwood. Mer.lo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joaa,
Tres Pinos, B»uta Crux. Salla**.
Monterey and I'acllla Grove {IOtSO*
?s:n«rBan Joaa an.l Way Buttons *7:30p
t Ir I3p Saa Joseaml Principal Way Stations •»: 13*.
ts:OOpSanJosoand Principal V/ay Stations t«:OO.i
•5:30p Sao Jose and Principal Way stations •H:33a
•Oiaop San Jose aud Way Stations »*:OO\
HII-45P San Josa ami W>y Stations > ?»:iop
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
* Dally. t Hun.Ur ex.?»ptwl. J Sunday on!y.
6 Saturday only.
_a Tne«Jar« and Fridajs s Thnrsdajs and Sunday*.
CALIFOSNU HOBTS¥EST£SH IT. CO.
SU FRAROSCO AND NORTH PACJFB
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUuron fmrry. Foot of Mark.*t M.
BAJT FHAXCISCO TO BJLS RATAZI*
mrnas. days— 7:a>. »«o. v:» «_ m.j »«,
1:30. 5:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extns tr.j
t>t 11:30 d. m. 6a.turtlayi»— Extra trip* at 1:1*
and 11:30 d. m.
BUNDAT3-«:0o. 8:30, 11:00 a. ra.t liSOt 1:30.
5:00. <:»> p. m.
SAX RAFAEL, TQ BAJI FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 4:IO, 7:50, »:», H:W a. m.; U:«U
t:4O, 6:13 s>. m. Saturdays— Extra trb» at
1:M and «:35 p. ra.
BTJNDAYS-«:10. l;i0t UU» a. m.: V.iO. l:*0. i-.C*.
<:1S ». ra.
Between San Fraadsee and SchueCsea FarM
•acoai schedule aa above.
I>eaT» Arrtrs
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco*
October 13. 1 ¦
Bun- isM. Pun- I Week
days. Dertlnatlon. days. | Daya.
T:JO ami 8:00 am Xorata. |H:« am] »:*> act
8:30 pm! t:3O am Petaluma. I <:9S pm[lO:SS ans
B:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. I T:SS pm| (:23 pot
Fulton.
t JO am Windsor. 10:18 am
Beaidsburt?.
Lytton,
Qeyserrtll*.
l:Soprn 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:13 pm t:a prsj
T:3oajn| IHopland. and I j ~"
| 1:00 am| UkiaJi. | 7:35 pm[ «:O pm
7:30 am 10:9 ana
1. -00 am GutrnsTttla, 1:35 pm
1:30 pm *:23 pra
7:10 am 1:00 ami Sonoma 1:15 am 3:43 axa
I and
1:19 pm 3.00 pm; Glen Sllen. (:06 pm (:23 pni
7:30 am! S:00 am! SebastopoL 110:4'? am|lo:2S am
1:30 pm| 5:00 prnj . | 7:35 pm[ <:g pra
Stares connect »t Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White, Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; aC Oeyservtlle for Skies »
Sprlnrs- at rtoverdale for the Geyser*; at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring*. Highland Springs,
Ketseyvll> Oarlsftad Sprln»s. Soda Bay Laka-
port and Rartlett Springs; at Uk'.ah tor Vichy
Bprlnn, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Vpper Lajie, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Uer!ey*s.
Buckn»:i'». Sannedrtn Heights. HullvtMe. Orr'a
Hot fprtogs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bnurs.
Westpjrt. Usal. "WTUtltta. LaytonvtU*. Cum-
mlng**. BeU"s Sprlagm. Barrls. CHswn's, Dyer.
ScotU and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*»
aucrd rates.
On Sunday round-trlD tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. CO Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Can. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PAcTFFcII^sTRAiILROAD^
Via Sansallto Femr. *
i Commencin* October 1. 1539.
FROM SAN' FRANCISCO- TO MILL, VALXM
AND BAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— ~1;QO. •$:». U:00 a. m.; «l:«a»
•S:«0. 4:15. «:00. 8:30 ». m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
ar«:oO l aSd l il^%.^"* S3W *** B*la«^8 * la «^-
SUNDAYS— "S^, •10:00. ni:» a. m.: n-UL
«:U. M:«. 1:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qnentin.
FROM 3AN RAFAEL, TO, BAJ* FRAXCISCOL
WEEK DAYS-6:25. •4:35. 1:45. •*£ £/£a
•11:30. 1:15. «J:4O. «6:15 p. m? mm ' 1
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ajd
Saturdays at «:40 and 1O:1J p. m. ""***¦ * aa
SUNDAYS— «r2O. »S:00. »10:00. »11:«S a. M.i
n:4O. I:\S. 4:45. »«:S0 p. m. SB " 1
Trains marked <•) start from San Ouonttn
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 8:45. list, $i& \. nP.
11:35. 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. *" m>l
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Baturdays.at 7:00 and 10:20 b. m /^^ cajr " * n4
t™*?4s L l s ~£: < *- 10:<s •• m - : UM - 1J3 > »««•
_ ' * THROTJOH TRAINS.
T.-Wa. m. wwk days— Casadero and w»y station*.
1:40 p. m. Snturdays-Tomales and wa> iStlont
4
A n*w hotel. Th« Brmibury- AH room* innny. |
1604 CeJSf r.ma. St.. cor. Polk, near Van Ness. • • - jKENTUCKY LOTTERY.
MONTREAL. April 4.— The regular monthly
drawing for April of the Canadian Royal Art
Union, by which* the winning prize* of the
Kentucky Lottery are decided, was held here
to-day. The first six winning numbers were aa
follows: 75.456. St5.OOQ: 83.401. $4000; 76.551. $3000;
9231. S1000: 33.16.V ILOO: %V£tt. IW. ¦ •
ADVEETISESTENTS.
SCHOOL BOARD MAKES
SOME ASSIGNMENTS
Stveral Teachers' Certificates Granted
on Rfcxnniendation of the
Boa:*? of Examiners.
At the meeting of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday the following assignments
were made:
Miss V. 1.. English of the evening sub-
Ftltute list to the Hamilton Evening
School: Miss F. Han!ey of the day substi
tute list to the Garrield School; Mrs. 1,.
I?. Biddell of the unassifmed list of day
echool teacher? to the substitute list; Miss
X Oair.^s. having b*>en consolidated out
of th« Washington Evening- School, was
" placed at the head of the evening sub
stitute list.
I>=avf> of absence wa.' granted to Mrs.
A. L. Staples from May 15. 1&00. to No
vember 15. IW. provided she waives her
rlxrht to wjm to her present position.
Hies E. Kallsher of the evening schools,
having bora out on l^ave and having re-
Tjrr.ed to doty. wi!l be assigned to the
first racancy that occurs In the evening
schools.
It was resolved that C. F. Weber & Co.'s
r>iHs under date, of August 1, laS?, be
audited ar.d paid.
Or. rec<~,rr.r:.'ndatios of th*» board of
examiners the following certificates were
reriewed :
Grammar prade— Miss N. K^rshaw. Miss
K. J. Mavr.lhar. Miss K. F. Williams.
M!s« L. r>ou4erbaclc Mi«« E. Leather.
Miss A. W. Thompson. Primary grade —
Mr«. S. WiAgari. Miss I* K. Armstrong.
D. C. Deasy. N-w certificates for gram
mar irradp— M!s? E. Cudworth. Mips K.
Hrvw. Miss H. Cordon. J. P. Dougherty.
IILLIE FLYNN WHO HAS TRANSFERRED FROM WRATTEN TO BUNCH
57 r?> lI.LIE FLYNN, the soprano of Trinity Church choir, is to wed again, and
|\VA\ thus once more will the fair songstress attune her voice to the pitch of a
Ji ItA \ ticket-punch. Th*- last time Miss Flynn essayed matrimony she boarded
¦* a Market strot cable car. Th:= trip the songstress will ride on a Pull
man. ?e<"'.r!riST her transfer frcrn Wratt -n to 7."'.;p( h.
The first man M!ss Flynn tried to make the happ!<>«t of mortals was Frank
Wratter. of the Market-street cable lin^. The singer and the transfer man were
married in May. IiSS. and rode together for just eight months. Then th* singer
grew pale and thin bckause the man with the punch scolded her. She secured a
divorce from him on the ground of cruelty.
Three months ago Miss Flynn went to New York via tho Sunset limited. The
night she stepped on her car Major Hooper Introduced her to the conductor.
Burke H. Bunch. It was a case of love at first sisht. and; before Bunch had ex
amined the songbird's ticket many times he got her promise- to link her fate to
his.
Miss Flynn returned to ;nwn spcurely guarding the secret of her transfer of
affections, but as Is the case with all grcd secrets, there was the little bird that
told.
Although Punch's home is In Washington, the songstress wiir make her home
In this city. Run<-h makes the run from Washington to San Francisco every
two weeks, and spends every second Tuesday and Wednesday in town. On these
days, after the marriage b«Mls havo rung out fur the singer and the bell puncher.
Bunch will devote himself to his wif«\
No date has been set for the wedding of Mis? Flynn and Mr. Bunch, but
it will tak^ place some Tuesday in May or June. There will be but one brief day
of honeymooning and then liunoh will again board his train and steam away for
Washington. Miss Flynn's marriage will not, interfere with her musical engage
ments, but shi? will not appear in public on the second and fourth Tuesdays and
Wednesdays of each month.
Mrs. Margaret Kinsey. Elk. Genessee County, Mich., writes to Dr. Hartman aa
fOii "?'am well and think I will need no more medicine I fe^l so well, and all my
old complaint? are gone, which were many. I often did not know which way to
turn No ore kn»w what I Buffered. For forty-nine years I suffered, but now I
am cured, for which I thank Dr. Hartman for his advice and good treatment I
keep Peruna in the house all the time and shall never be witnout it.
"My husband had a cough for nine years. Ha took Peruna and it
helped him. He looks quite young. He works hard every day and is
getting fat. He takes Peruna three times a day. You don't know how
thankful I feel toward you; I never think of you but to thank you and mill
'o all I can for you
<'on?re=sman J. H.
it
Bankhead of Ala- I remedy A*a tonic and a catarrh cure I
v.0~,.> ?-« of thP know of nothing better.
bama. one _or tne raedlclne wh , ch
most influential |s & radical sp^.-i.ic for catarrh. It ia
member? of the ; peruna. which has stood a half century
Ho»«e of Repre- : test. It has cured thousands of cases of
BCntatiTea In a ; catarrh. Ninety times In a hundreil
iet t c r written • those who have been cured of catarrh by
from Washington. : P»runa thought they had some other
D <U gives hi* en- disease.
dor?ement to the • The remedy to cure catarrh must b«»
treat catarrh i able to reach the mucous membranes, and
remedy Peruna. thi.-< Is exactly what Peruna does. Peruna
in the' following , operates at the fountain head. Peruna
words: "V our! produces normal, clean and vigorous nre-
Peruna is on* of ; rnu>< membranes. «'atarrh cannot remain
the ' best mcdi- '¦ in the sy?t*-m If Peruna is used according
cinf«« I ever tried. ; to directions.
and" no family Address the Peruna Medicine Company.
«>hould be Without | Columbus. Ohio, for a free book on. ca-
vour remarkable ; tarrh.
TRIES TO SHOW
THAT SYLVA DID
TAKE A BRIBE
Cross-Examination Fails to
Shake Sausalito Man's
Tale.
Wind-Up of the Testimony of the
First Witness of the Defense.
Dunand Will Take the
Stand To-Day. •
Adolph Sylva. politician, journeyman at
the law, trickster, raiser of chickens, mu
sician, theatrical manager, scientist,
scholar and a man with a romantic past,
has had his say on the witness stand and
left his mark in tho Craven-Fair litiga
tion now being conducted before Judge
Troutt.
He was examined on Monday by George
Knight, subjected to cross-examination
all of Tuesday, yesterday morning and
the greater portion of the afternoon, and
to re-direct examination during the last
half hour of yesterday's session. Then
he went his way. smiling, self -satisfied
and happy. His story was not broken by
opposing counsel; nor was he at any time
left floundering or ill at ease. He wore
Lafe Pence on: in the cross-examination,
gaining increase of strength and spirit
as he was baited from timtr to time by the
petitioner's head counsel.
The cross-examination yesterday was
confined to confer«ncf s which Harvey and
Sylva held in the PeerH-ss <= a ioon. to the
reading of newspaper clippings to the
witness and the forcing of a i.enial from
him as to their intrinsic truth, although
he admitted that he- was responsible for
them. The most interesting portion of
the day was Sylva's recital of a section
of his owti life when he chased from one
city to another'en the continent in search
of his wife and her Kng'ish captain of the
sruards.
Sylva and Joe Harvey
In regard to the Tnt-eting between Joe
Harvey and Sylva in the Peeritsx qaloon
on Wednesday. February 11. I\5S. the Savi
salito trieksi>r testified that their conver
sation was held in the side room; off the
bar. and was anything but what I^afe
Pence tried to fasten upon him. Perce
insistently inquired if Harvey had not
stated thai Simpton must be brought over
to the Fair c'.ce -it any cost, promising b'g
sums of money to Sylva if he would en
gineer the deal successful!:.-. To all of
these interrogations Sylva made emphatic
denial.
Pence then veered around, endeavoring
to gain an admission from the witness
that Farley, one of the proprietors of the
saloon, was present during the conversa
tions with Harvey (in that Wednesday
afternoon and evening and th*» following
Thursday afieri.oon. Sylva declared that
he and Harvey were in the back room of
the saloon am) it was there that they dis
cussed the Fair case, at all times without
the hearing ->f any other person in the
saloon. After the Wednesday afternoon
mertine \v:th Harvey Sylva rushed post
haste to Pence's office and with a lie on
his lip.* played the criss-cross game reek
intr with infamy.
Meetings With Harvey.
The following is a bit of tho cross-fire
and the negative answers in which the
witness found r. refuge:
"Did you not state to Harvey on Thurs
day. February 15, that the main trouble
was with The Call?" interrogated Attor
ney Pence.
'•No, sir; no, sir:" was Sylva's answer.
"Did you not state: "The Call reporter
caught me Tuesday night and I tcld him
that the interview with Simpton in re
gard to the marriage and the testimoney
of Mrs. Craven-Fair was true?" "
"I did not. No, Harvey and I had no
such conversation at any time."
"Was not 'Dick' Farley present in the
Peerless saloon when you met Mr. Har
vey on Tuesday. February 13. and did
he not say to you that Mrs. Craven had
testified that Judge Simpton performed
tne marriage ceremony between Senator
Fair and herself?"
"No, sir: no. sir; no, sir."
"Did not Harvey state it made no dif
ference what it might cost, Simpton must
que*>r h^r testimony?"
'No. sir; no. sir."
"Did he not ask how much it would
cost to have Simpton deny her story?"
"No. sir; no, sir: he did not."
You stated to Mr. Perkins of The Call,
did you not, when you came over in the
launch that day. that Simpton's story
was true, you having learned it many
months before?"
Yes, I told all the reporters that to
bluff them."
"Did you not state to Harvey that night
that the only way you could do business
was for cash and he replied, "have a little
patience, as Mr. Fair was pressed, but
you will get it all right?" "
"No. sir; no, sir; no, sir."
On Wednesday, February 14, Sylva had
another tete-a-tete with Harvey In the
Peerless, after which he went directly to
Pence & Pence.
"When you were In the saloon did not
narvey ask you again: 'How much is it
going "to cost to get Simpton?" "
The usual negative response came in
the characteristic guttural tones.
Refreshed His Memory.
On Tuesday Sylva would not trust him
self with admissions of dates, but there
was no hesitancy yesterday. From place
to place he traced his career, giving the
year in which he stopped at each place.
His memory was refreshed by looking
over his own papers.
When Knight took Sylva In hand the
story of the charges of embezzlement In
1592. which the trial failed to prove, was
repeated and Sylva came out of it with
out much regret or show of confusion.
Louis iJunand will go upon the stand to
day.
A flrst-cl&ss family hotel. The Bradbury. Ex-
cellent culalne. 16M California st.. cor. Polk. •
I A banker's Interest In his fellow-man is
j * note-worthy matter.
Catholic Truth Society.
A large congregation listened to an ear
nest discourse delivered last night In St.
Mary's Cathedral by Rev. James McDon
ald at St- Charles Church. The occasion
was the monthly lecture and religious ex
ercises of the Catholic Truth Society. The
speaker appealed to his auditors to read
the Bible daily, as it was the voice of
God. He called attention to the value of
such reading by saying it contained his
tory, the grandest poetry, oratory and
Catholic truth. All those who attended
the interesting exercises were presented
with copies of the pamphlets for holy
week, entitled "A Gospel Story of the Pas
sion" and "The Ceremonies of Holy Week
Explained."
STRANGE SUICIDE
OF MRS. L. GOETZ
Found Dead in Her Bed and Three
Gas Burners Fully
Open.
Mrs. I>eopoldinf Goetz. wife of Charles
Goetz. vice president of E. A. Fargo &
Co.. committed suicide Tuesday night by
suffocating hc-rFelf with illuminating gas
at her residence, SWI Golden Gate avenue.
Her husband is in Europe on business.
For the past five years Mrs. Goetz has
been suffering with a disease of th_- lungs
and frequently threatened to end her mis
try. Three years ago she attempted sui
cide by means of illuminating gas.
The "deceased was living with her son
Charles and her daughter Leopold'ne.
They paid she played cards with them on
Tuesday night and was in excellent spir
its. Ytsteroay morning the daughter went
to her mothers room to awaken her and
found the apartment filled with the odor
of illuminating gas. Three of the stop
cocks en the gas fixtures were turned on
full. Medical aid was hurriedly sum
moned, but the unfortunate woman had
been dead several hours. Coroner Cole
allowed the body to remain at the homes
and will hold an Inquest to-day. The de
ceased was a native of Austria and 5S
years old. ?'.
NEW MANAGER ALL THE
WAY FROM PORTLAND
Several Important Changes in the
London and San Francisco
Bank. Limited.
An important change is about to be
made in the Ix>ndon and San Francisco
Bank, Limited, wh/ch is^welcomed in busi
ness circles by the few who have been
apprised of the news. The position of
manager, which has been in suspense ever
since the retirement of Arthur. Scrivener
and the death of William Steel, is to be re
vived. William Mackintosh, who has been
for the last twenty years the manager of
the Portland branch of the institution, has
been named for the position. He is ex
pected to enter upon the discharge of his
duties toward the middle of the month.
He is well known in business circles, hav
ing been a resident of this city in former
years.
Gustnv Friederich, connected with the
bank for thirty years, who for many
years has tilled the position of cashier,
has been appointed general inspector of
all the branches, with headquarters at
San Francisco. N. D. Rideout. who has
been acting managing director since the
dea.th of Mr. Steel, will remain on the
board of its local directory, consisting of
himself. Christian de Guigne and John L.
Howard. i
A Young Girl
May be very old in MifFering. She is
very apt to neglect the earlier symptoms
of disease. Often when she takes treat-
ment it is the wrong treatment for
her case. Very
m an v young
women write to
Dr. Pierce and
consult him by
letter free. Aft
such corre-
spondence i s
strictly private,
and womanly
modesty is
spared the
shock of indeli-
cate examina-
tions, unpleas-
ant question-
ings and offen-
sive local treat-
mefits,
"I suffered with
feiaa'.e trouble."
write* Miss Agnes
McCowne, of i«i
Bank St., Wash-
ington. D, C. "I
tried rarious rem-
edies but none
seenied to do hit
permanent good.
The doctors said it
was the worse case
of internal trouble
they er-cr had. I
decided to write to
Doctor Pierce for
help. I received
a very encourag-.rg reply and commenced treat-
ment at once. I had not used the "Favorite
Prescription ¦ a week before I bet^an to feel bet-
ter, and. as I continued, my health |jradua!!y
improved. It is improving every day and I still
continue to take the medicine
Br B Pierces
FavopHe Prescription
Makes Weak Women Strong
And Sick Women Well.
WERE MARRIED
BY THE BISHOP
Engagement Announced o?
Mrs. Jones and Consul
Artsimovitch.
Miss Clarlsse Sheldon and Edward
Houghton were quietly married on Tues
day afternoon at 4 o'clock at the residence
of the bride's aunt, Mrs. Dutard, on Pa
cific avenue. Bishop More-land performed
the ceremony in the presence only of the
relatives of the contracting parties.
Neither bride nor groom was attended.
The bride wore a dainty gown of blue
foulard, with dainty bonnet to match.
Mr. and Mrs. Houghton are spending their
honeymoon In town, and next week will
occupy their new residence at 30)4 Clay
street.
The engagement is announced of Mrs.
Beulah Hobbs Jones and Count Vladimir
Artsimovitch. Artsimovitch is at present
Russian Consul General of San Francisco,
but will shortly be transferred to Berlin.
The wedding will take place quietly in
about two months in Washington at the
home of Mrs. Jones' sister, who is the wife
of an army officer. After the marriage
the Count and his bride will sail immedi
ately for Europe.
iinn. J. H. Hankhead
WRIGHT'S PENSION IS
HANGING BY A THREAD
EX-CAPTAIN OF POLICE WRIGHT,
who wa« retired on a pension by
the old Board of Police Commis
sioners just before it went out of
office, will in all probability be
compelled to again don his uniform or
suffer the humiliation of being dismissed
from the department. Prior to his re
tirement Wright, who acted as clerk to
ex-Chief of Police Lees, complained of
being temporarily disabled on account of
a severe attack of rheumatism. He con
sulted with the old Commissioners about
his condition and was advised by them to
apply for a pension, notwithstanding that
he had been connected with the police
force for only eight years, when the pro
vision of th^ charter specifically states
that a member of the department cannot
be retired on half pay except for physical
disability, unless he has been in actual
service for a period of twenty years.
Shortly after the new Commissioners
were inducted into office the retirement
of Wright was discussed, and notwith
standing that a majority of the members
of the board were in favor of ordering
him back into the department, final ac
tion was not taken. The matter has^ been
allowed to re?t since then and would per
haps nerer have been thought of again
if Wripht had not sent a communication
to the Police Board asking permission to
Wye the city. He stated that he was
about to jro to the Philippines and in
tended to remain there for some time.
Chief of Police Sullivan emphatically re
fused to l*-nd his consent to Wright leav
ing the State. He spoke of the retire
ment of the ex-captain a? being a nag
rant violation of the law and a rank in
justice to the other members of the de
partment who are entitled to pensions and
who have been denied them on account Of
the condition of the pension fund. He was
in favor of forcing Wright to again don
th«« stripes or be summarily deprived oi
his pension.
After considerable discussion It was
finally decided to ord*r the ex-captain to
appear before the examining physicians
of the Police Department to be examine*!
as to his physical fitness to do future
duty If they report favorably on his
condition Wright will be given the alter
native of reporting for police duty or hay-
ing- his name stricken from the pension
roll.
It Is the firm resolve of the board to
have the men who hereafter seek ten
sions undergo a thorough physical exami
nation before their applications to be
placed on the retired list shall be consid
ered. They ar^ue that If this had been
done in Wright's cast- he would not have
been granted a pension.
The friends of the ex-captain say that
he was disabled while in the discharge
of his duties and was as much entitled
tn a pension as any of the older mem
bers whose names were placed on the
retired list. It Is more than likely that
the matter will be taken up at the next
meetinp of the board, which will be on
Tuesday afternoon.
MISS FLYNN TAKES
ANOTHER TRANSFER
Trinity Church Soprano Will Again
Venture Into Matrimony With
Another Conductor.
HEADQUARTERS
OF THE THIRD
FOR PRESIDIO
Colonel Rawles Notified That
He Will Soon Be Trans
ferred.
Report That Orders Once More Mak
ing the Presidio an Artillery
Post Have Been
Issued.
The long expected appears about to hap
pen, and The Presidio is to come under the
orders <<f an art;li<ry headquarters. A
telegram to Colonel Kawlcs. commanding
the Third Artillery, stationed at Argel
Island, from Colonel Rogers, commanding
ihe Fir.«t ArtilU ry. who is In Washington.
announced that fact yesterday. The tel* I 
frara stated that the order transferring
the hc.-'dTuarters of the Third Artillery
to the Presidio had been issued.
The report has gone all over the Ire
Fidio, and the source of it gives it cre
dence at ence. Colonel Rogers would not
fcecd-such a telegram witnout bting sure
d what be was saying, and the fact that
h* telegraphed that tt:e order is actuall>
out is taiien to mean that the transfer is
setT.ti.
Xtie particular interest attached to the
trtrsftr is tna.t GeneraJ Shatter has de
clared that so lons as he Is in command
ct the Department of California the Pre
sidio shail be an Infantry or cavalry post;
that is. that the commanding officers shall
be of that branch of the service, and v
possible the garrison also. Opposea to this
has always been the Influence of the artil
iery arm of the service. The post was
governed by artillery cf.icers for years;
In fact, until General Shafter, then colonel
of the First Infantry, was taken from
Ar.gel Island after yrars of service there
ana made commandant of the Presidio.
The rule ra.< the other way before that,
and the First Infantry was left to sax
rison the post at Angel Island, while the
artiiiery garr;s< r.t d tne Presidio under the
idea that th<- artillerymen should be near
the guns. Shatter's iaea wap that artillery
belonged to fortifications and infantry a^d
cavalry to an unfortified post, such as tne
Prtsidio is. and he believed that if artii
lery were sent t<> the Presidio at all it
should be quartered out at old Fort Scott.
r»-ar where the military works are lo
cated.
The coming of the headquarters of the
Third Artillery is taken therefore to mean
a relapse into the old order of thirds and
a move directly at variance with the pol
icy outlined by Genera! Shafter. His idea
©f bavins the Presidio an infantry or
c;-.\\S.ry post was held alsu by General
Miles. It seems, however, unless t'olonel
Rawing !::<..« bt-en misinformed, that the
influence of the artillery has b»*en too
rtronu >>r that Shafter has weakened a
I>c;r.t. for the Presidio is a prize post, arid
»h'*v«r pets It is fortunate.
As to the disposition of Colonel Esk
riiip*^. who commands the post at present.
tn the event of the advent of the Third.
::g is known. It was General Shaf
rer's icier, that he should command the
- Slo with th« •:••!:•.. battalion of the
Twtr.ty-thlrd as garrison, but if the in
forxEatb :. fr.-n-, Washington proves cor
rect it Is- hr.rd to su>- what win happen.
If The telegram is followed by the order
:.• ¦! Rar.les will relieve Colonel Esk
v.r.e:^ as c-jir.mandar.t: Captain Rum-
s .l'uch.. I'uch. adiutar.t of the Third, will relieve
First Lieutenant Parker of the Sixth
'V.valry. detailed to that duty, and the
other officers attached to the" headquar
ters, with their families, will play havoc
with the presence of the families' of offi
cer? noir on s^rvic* in the islands. Th»r»»
ar«- several such families now occupying
'jiiiriT? at the post, and a? th^re is no
m< re room they will hav^ to make way
for the it-cuiar officers of the carrison.
Ther* !¦ sure to be rt general stirring vp
THERE WILL BE
GREAT CHANGES
IN SCHOOL LAWS
Committee of Educators Gives
¦ Out Its Preliminary
Report. .
State Text-Books Are Declared to Be
Below Grade — High Schools to
Be Recognized by the
Constitution.
«
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, April 4.
A sub-committee of the State Educa
tional Commission has been at work in
Oakland for some timf preparing a report
to the main body upon necessary chances
in the educational laws of California. This
committee has prepared its report, which
will be submitted to the main body, which
will consider it. and then report finally
to the State I.eKi.«lature. The importance
of this report lies In the fact that the
main body will probably adopt it as their
report. Theso proposed changes in the
State educational laws interest the entire
State and are somewhat radical. The
State text took? are declared not to be
up to jjrade. and no recommendation Is
made in rcpard to them.
The sub-cemmittee which prepared this
report is composed of the following 1 : State
Superintendent J. Kirk, chairman; G. W.
Beattle. secretary: J. W. McClymonds.
Elmer E. Brown. Kllwood P. Cubberley.
J. \K. Linscott. Robert Furlong, R. M.
Shackelford.
The important portions of the report are
as follows:
Teachers' Certificates
1. r> changes should be mii* unar impair
the validity of existing certificates.
J. Statistics show that the formal examina
tion as a basis for certification is becoming
Obsolete and that the credential basis Is rapidly
increasing In favor. Also that our professional
training schools are supplying as many teach-
ers ac the schools require.
3. The large excess of certificated teachers In j
the State makes It i.racticable t,» raise the re- j
•juirement for teachers' certificates.
4. <a> High school certificates should be i«- !
surd on credentials only: "h> elementary, kin- I
dergarten and special certificates should be j
based on credentials or on examination in ac- •
cordanc* with higher standards than now pre- !
Tall: rurh examinations should be held not >
oftener than once a year: «c> the Issuance of
primary certificates and of educational diplo
mas should be discontinued.
Gradations of Schools
1. Ninth grades to become part or the H!gn
School course.
2. State constitution to be amenied to allow
State pchool funds to be applied to High
School*
The Tnoct urgent question with reference tn
the cradatinn of <'ur srho..ls 1? the question as
to where the trammar schoo! fhall end ami the
h'.ph Frh^.l begin. The practice in the several
counties varies considerably with reference to
this point, but we believe a larse majority of
the yehoo! chihlren In the State are to be found
In districts In which the ninth trrade ia count
ed as a i>art of the grammar schr.ol. In th'.s
California, differ? from tho t.est usage of the
country at larsre. which treats the ninth grade
as belcruing to secondary education.
The disposition In California to lengthen out
the jfrarr.rr.ar school nnduly ;ivt<« us at a dis
advantage as ronipar^l with • :h«r r^-"'"'' »f
the country, which are more free to adopt Im
provements in thin staKe uf iiirtrucci' .i. aim it
Is well known that the Calif->rn .> practice :i>
this rppard Is the outcome of the clau«e of ar
ticle IX. section 6. of the State constitution,
which provides that "the entire revenue derived
from the State school fun 1 and the State school
tax shall be appliM exclusively to the support
of primary and crammar schools." S?uch a
provision Is not found In the constitution or
the statutes of other leadinij educational States
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i— j^ jp» Eft ¦ b n ji rs a ti^k
MB. AND MRS. KINSEY. OF ELK, MICHIGAN.
% **M
J LI .Vrrroiu I>»j-c«f»— •• ».i.=^ Mao-
err. Sl«eplria«nata. etc.. caase4 b? u*w
work and Indiscretion*. ''.»«? ¦?•"'-'!(
««<. xurtlti rasters i^cw: \ '.: — :j ia oii
or roua?. aad c. a c»a fcr tt'txiT. bn.i-
Bes* or pleajare. Prevent I;wi:iJi aa-i
Co=.-=cjption ii tais»i ia siae. Th»ir
oviuojrsi— .rae>:iiit*i improTKnentandeSi-ctaCUllx.
•there nil others fill. liuist •j>intu>:^t^c*r.-j;ai
A^ajc Tabieta. Th«y have cored thoa-<uais undwili
rare joa. W» iriTe a positirs written guarantee to »{•
f«ct a euro ia *ach ca«e or rerond tb» moa97. i*ri<»
rft r.fe r«r p»c<ca«r-, cr six packag«-» Ifull Uw.
UU bid, maatl for 33 SO trrc-.;.. .a ;u_i.i *rc;-..er.
apon receipt of priw. rtreafar*fref«.
AJAX REMEDY CO., '^gS^S? 8 -
For dale in 5. F. by Leiynita & Co.. Nj Per-
centage Druz Co.. Owl Drug Co.. S. I<\. Gakl'd,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT KEsfiOBATIYE. tN'VIGOIIA-
tor and >i«i;vme. . ¦ «5Ct«
I Tfee roo*t wor.derfiU achrodfslas aad SpejUl
Tcn'.c for the Sexual Orsaa* for l>oUi aexe*.
i The Mexican Keiaedr for Dti-eaaea uf the Ki<i-
! neys anJ Hla-ider. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRL'SE. Agent*.
i JT3 Market st.. S. F.— (Send toe Clrcuiar.>
l^sl Sunday
IHE: : : &
w. Examiner
SPECIAL EASTER EDITION,
APRIL 8, J9oo.ot»*otototo* fc *
The Most Magnificent Collection of
•RELIGIOUS PICTURES
EVER OFFERED.
St. Luke's Candy Sale.
A sale of home-made candy, cake and
Easter eggs will be held by the young: la
dles of St. Luke's Church on Saturday
from ° till 6 o'clock In the Sunday-school
room of the new church. The sale is for
the benefit of the church buildine fund.
The tables will be in charge of the follow
ing young ladies: Miss Bertha Smith.
Miss" Bernie Brown. Miss Kline. Miss
Simpson. Miss Helen Gibbs. Miss Stone.
Misses Cole. Miss Kellosrs:. Ml3s Gertrude
Eels and Miss Therese Morgan.
MRS. BALDWIN IS
VERY SERIOUSLY ILL
Mr?. Baldwin. the second wife of
"Lucky" Baldwin, from whom he has
been divorced many years, is lvlnp se
riously ill in her apartments at the Occi
dental. Mrs. Baldwin Is threatened with
pneumonia and her advanced ape mak'.'S
her condition alarminjr. She has two
nurse* and two physicians In constant at
tendance and everything that medical
pUll and trained attention can accomplish
is belne done for the lady.
Mrs Baldwin is well known In social
circles and with her daughter. Mrs. J.
Foard. has entertained extensively.
? If Natural Mineral Water |
? iS?*? 1 known for centuries sni t
O *J£?\ Imported o
o nS£* ONLY IN bottles - o
X I^Sli For D:sc?d ? r:d Stocuch ?
° rV||||jp «* Iniigesiioa J
9g^ 1 1» Talus has teen test!- O
o :: s&i^isi? fi d to fey t - ou " n!js - ?
? I VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy- ®
o %W&& IS N ° T VICHY * a
? fcg^£r£3 Get the Gsnulne. ?
? gg?*«^3 A. VISSIZa. D:?tr:>g*.t3gAtrBßt °.
» o*o«o»o»o*o-» o-»o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-«»
be paid from funds other than the State or
county school funds.
3 If Possible the power to commit to a ..r.
ar.t or parental school, without the consent r.
parer.ts should r*st with school n'flcvrs rat h <" r
than with the court, to the end that the crirr..
nal idea rr.ay b*> f'.lmir.atel as far n« {*->*. s.e.
Trachers* Institute Trustees.
It Is recommended that cne half-diy session o.
the Ccur.tyTef.chT3' Institute In ea>- h county ie
d<-=lpT-.ate.l by law as trustees' day. and :nat
the programme be so arreng«-d that matters
relating to school administration shall tnen
be discussed.
Manual Training.
It Is proposed that the manual trainlrer de
partment of the State normal schools he fo»
tere.1 and strengthened: that both cities ar.a
counties be empowered tr, employ expert super
visors or deputy superintendents, to direct In
struction in tiie manual arts, and that rroyl«
ion be made for State aid to county technical
schools of secondary grade.
State Text-Books.
In view of the constitutional provision
requiring the State Board of Education to
compile or cause to be compiled, a series
of State school text books, and in v.ew
of the conflicting opinions regarding the
b*«t method and plans for securing text
bocks your committee contents itself with sub
mitting the fact that it is the opinion of the
educators Of this State that the present •*?«?
of school text bocks is not up to the his*
standard of excellence l*rr..Anded by the n*«--«s
of th» teachers ar.rl the school children of Ca!s
forr.ia. and that we lcr.k fr> th'.s State educa
tional commisslin to suggest ways and mean?
to solve thi« difficult problem.
. . . PRICE 5 CENTS. FOR SUE EVERYWHERE . . .
20 pages cf color and half-tones, among which will be found splendid
reproductions of the following masterpieces «
"The Ascension." by John la Farce.
from the Ereat painting In the Church
of the Ascension. New York.
"The Adoration of the Shepherds,"
by E. 1. Couse.
••Madonna." by Mary L. Macomber.
"Magdalen," by Mary L. Macomber.
"Hope," by Mary L. Macomber.
"Lazarus." by Elihu Vedder.
"The Prophets." by John S. Sanrent.
"Mary Matcdalen." by Edw. H. May.
"The Baptism." by Charles M. Shean.
Big double-pace picture of "The Lost
Shadow of the Crucifixion," by George
Inness Jr.
"Mary," by John la Farge.
"St. John," by John la Farge.
"The Captive." by E. A. Kramer.
The famous frieze in the Boston Pub-
lic Library.
'The Crucifixion."
"The Annunciation," by Mary la. Ma-
comber.
••The Annunciation." by A. O. Tan-
ner.
•"Christ and N'lcodemus." by John la
Fare*.
••Ministering Anjrels." by "Elliott Dan-
gerfleld.
"Madonna," by L. Welles Champney.
"Madcnna and Child." by Frances
Day.
"Botticellis Madonna," by L. Welles
Champney.
"Gethcemane." by Elliott DanserfleM.
Beautiful full-pase photographic fea-
ture In four colors.
"The Benediction." The monks of
Santa Barbara.
Full page of half-tone and brilliant
color.
"Holy Week Amcnu the Taoa Indiana."
Pull page In four colors and half-tone.
Trust
Your Oculist
And brtn* us the order for g!as3e*. They will
be made to suit him and fit you. With the new
clip don't slip— tilt— waver— or plr.ch.
Oculists' prescriptions fill*-!. Fa?tcry oa
premises. <J'alck repairlnj. Fh:r.e. Alain 10.
OPTICIANS^>w£«W!ft
642 Market St. is»Tf.a<w»
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen's Foot-Kase. a powder. It makes tight or
new shoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions.
Swollen. Tired. Sweating. Aching Feet. 30.C00
testimonials. At all druggists and shoe stores,
2Jc Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address Al
len S. Olmste<l» I* Roy. N. T.
Amendments Proposed
First proposed substitute for section •>— Th<"
public school system shall Include primary and
rrammar schools and such high schools, even
ing schools, normal schools and technical
schools as may be established by the Legisla
ture or by municipal or <ii?tr!i-t authority.
Sercnd proposed substitute for section S — The
public school system shall Include primary and
grammar schools and such high schools, even
ing schools, normal schools- and technical
schools an may be established by the Ty?*lsla
ture or by municipal or district authority;
but the entire revenue derived from the State
school fund and the revenue derived from taxes
collected for primary and grammar schools
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. The revenue
derived from taxes collected for hiph schools
and technical sch.-w.ls shall be applied ex
clusively to the support of such schools.
Normal Schools
1. In order to remove the normal school?
from rolltlcal interference they should tx
placed under the control of a biard of regents,
free from partisan, sectarian or sectionaJ bias.
The members of such a board should have a
lonit term of office.
2. The qualifications for admission to the
high schcl course or Its equivalent
State Superintendent.
The election of the hlchest official In the State
system of public schools should be taken out of
party politics and his responsibility to the pub
lic should be purely educational. Nomination for
office of Superintendent of Public Instruction
should be made by a non-parttsnn 'educational
body and not by party conventions. At the
same time the present provision for nomina
tion by popular petition should be left un
changed.
Country Schools.
1. In ortVr that harvest duties need not In
terfere with attendance at school elections
such elections should be in the month of April.
2. Boards of trustees should be required to
meet on or before the 13th day f»f June of each
year, except in districts consisting of a city
and county, and elect teachers for the <jnsu
In* year, and upon failure to do so the uach
ers already employed should continue as such
for the following year.
3. Your committee has drafted an act which,
without disturbing the present system of ap
portioning funds, will permit the union of small
rural schools for the Improvement oi school
nnnrilrlnrm.
Compulsory Education.
The present law in California is practically
Incapable of enforcement. A new one should
provide for the following:
1. Local option In the enforcement of the
compulsory features and the organization of
truant or parental schools.
2. That the expense of maintaining truant
or narental schools, other than for instruction.
S*& VERY LATEST
ft. >fj Straight Front,
Cl 'I *} Hand-Made
X SAPPHIRE
lil CORSETS
P*® % 10 Gearu St.,
// ,\ "V.:! CORNER KEARXT.
£#^f\ • CHeSTER F. WRIGHT,
/,jri»T T3t_' Royal Worcester Cor-
set-Fitting Parlors.
SUMMER Q1C.50
UiTS... 013 to $25.00
Get a nice str- ,£y^^efC> <irw
llsh gult ma.!* lo jJT,'''";i»v
order at Poheim's. /s£/ J^J>fK
suits for the -¦ ( -\ v \
Money returned «-/ ! -ftSaipL< X^ZS
If dissatisfied \ ,\
Sarcplea sent ._/ JstSH \^
JOE POHEIM, /I|V V.
The Tailor. / H I I \
lii'VtliS Market ft. ' ** \ '
101-103 Montg'y st. -~^ \
5
EX-CAPTAIN C. P. WRIGHT,
WHO MAY I_/}SE HIS PEN
SION. • 'Not Hi 3 Affair.
"John." she said, "bundle up yonr
throat! Tou can't afford to run any risks.
What would you leave for me if you were
to die suddenly?"
"Well. Julia,' he replied, "you ought to
be able to answer that question Detter
than I. You know you Ret the pay en-
velope every Saturday night."
GAGE NEEDN'T WORRY.
Visalla Delta.
When Gage was campaigning for the
office of Governor of California he said
he wanted to be Governor for only one
term There Is now no occasion for Gage
to worry over the possibilities of being
nominated a second time.
VICTORIA IN IRELAND.
ACCORDING to the statements of some of the
more influential papers of London, the recent
imperial demonstration on St. Patrick's day
and the visit of the Queen to Ireland are designed to
be something more than a compliment to the valor of
the Irish troops in South Africa. They are intended
as overtures to the Irish and forecast the adoption of
a policy of conciliation on a comprehensive scale.
In support of that view of the case the London
Chronicle in commenting upon the situation says:
"The meaning of those who, not being Irishmen,
made a point of acclaiming Irish gallantry and self
sacrifice on St. Patrick's day. from the Queen on the
throne to the man in the street, was to extend the
hand of brotherhood, to suggest oblivion of past
discords, and to offer an equitable and a generous
settlement of every outstanding grievance. Irishmen
v.-ho cannot read so much as this between the lines
of Saturday's record, and who cannot find this
significance in the wave of popular sentiment which
has pulsed round the empire since her Majesty's
gracious initiative less than a fortnight ago, must be
blind indeed to all that most nearly concerns them."
How far the British Tories are sincere, in this sud
den manifestation of a desire for a "union of hearts
and a union of hands," and how far the Irish patriots
will reciprocate it, are matters that remain to be seen.
Conciliation is a plant of slow growth. The heredi
tary antagonisms and prejudices of centuries are not
to be overcome in a day, not even if it be a day so
halcyon and vociferous as was that of St. Patrick.
The refusal of James Egan, the city swordbearer of
Dublin, to present the sword to Victoria or to take
any part in the ceremonies of welcome is significant
of the attitude of thousands of representative Irish
men. On the other hand, a good deal of praise has
been given in Great Britain to a recent letter of John
Redmond, in which he is reported to have said: "It
seems likely that the great question in the immediate
future of imperial politics will be the question of im
perial federation. This, which up to the other day
was little more than a dream, has been brought
within range of practical politics by the war in South
Africa and by the action of the colonies in relation to
the empire. Any scheme of imperial federation must
include Ireland, and, while I do not look for a final
settlement of Irish questions in this direction, I think
I see a possibility in the near future of a further de
velopment of Irish self-government."
The terms of the letter declare a belief on the part
of Redmond that something like local self-govern
ment is in sight for Ireland, and the commendation
given to it in London implies a willingness on the
part of a considerable number of Englishmen to con
cede it. Victoria's visit may therefore prove to be
more than an idle holiday or a state, pageant. The
British empire. like our own republic, is confronting
a new era, and out of its complications Ireland may
STILL LIBELING CALIFORNIA.
Treka Journal.
Hearst of the New York Journal and
San Francisco Examiner is about as great
a liar in reporting the plague on this
coast as he is in traducing the administra
tion. No doubt he will next accuse Cali
fornia of being infected with smallpox,
if he can make a lot of nickels in doing
so The Examiner keeps a little more
shady for fear of loss, but Hearst's other
paper in New York is libeling California
most outrageously.
STATE SCHOOL PROBLEMS.
rROM the sub-committee appointed to outline
subjects for the consideration of the State Edu
cational Commission at its meeting on the I2th
of this month there has been issued a circular set
ting forth a number of important problems and
propositions for discussion. These, in the order in
which they are presented by the' committee, are as
follows: i. Certification of teachers and duties of
County Boards of Education. 2. Definition of grades,
relations of high schools, grammar and primary
grades to one another, constitutional amendments
concerning State school moneys. 3. A governing
board for normal schools and requirements for ad
mission to such schools. 4. Method of selecting the
Superintendent of Public Instruction. 5. Time of
electing school trustees and appointing teachers.
6. Compulsory education. 7. Attendance of trustees
at Teachers' Institutes. 8. Concentration and super
vision of rural schools and transportation of pupils.
9. Technical education. 10. State textbooks.
The constitutional amendments proposed are for
the purpose of removing the restrictions upon the
Legislature which prevent the adoption of the de
sired reforms in grading the schools. Two substi
tutes have been suggested, and it will be for the com
mission to consider which is the better. The first
would substitute for section 6 article IX of the con
stitution the following: "The public. school system
shall include primary and grammar schools and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools and
technical schools as may be established by the Legis
lature, or by municipal or district authority."
The alternative substitute is more guarded in lan
guage. It provides: "The public school system
shall include primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established
by the Legislature or by municipal or dis
trict authority; but the entire revenue de
rived from the State school fund and the revenue
derived from taxes collected for primary and gram
mar schools shall be applied exclusively for the sup
port of primary and grammar schools. The revenue
derived from taxes collected for high schools and
technical schools shall be applied exclusively to the
support of such schools."
In support of the amendment the committee points
out that the effect of the present constitutional re
quirement is "to extend the term 'grammar school'
and the type of instruction proper to grammar schools
as far up the scale of our grades of instruction as they
can be pushed. It prevents the consideration of
questions relating to those grades on educational
grounds, and compels the consideration of such
questions instead on purely financial grounds."
Furthermore, the committee says: "Until this limi
tation is removed it is of no avail to recommend im
provements in the gradation of our schools at this
most vital point."
It will be noted that the question of school grading
as well as many others in the list affects some of the
most important features of our school system, and
the discussion of them by the State Commission will
awaken widespread interest. No part of the machin
ery of local administration more closely affects the
welfare of the commonwealth than that of education,
and its problems merit the attentive consideration of
all.
THE JOBBERS' CONTENTION.
Ti I E hearing of the differential case by the Inter
state Commerce Commission is the n:ean> of
furnishing valuable and needed information to
all shippers and business men. The jobbers of the
Middle West, who uphold the contentions of the
St. Louis Association, demand a rate on broken car
luad lots that will bring them in direct contact with
the retailers clear to the Pacific Ocean. With a highly
organized industry in manufacture and distribution
in their favor, such a freight rate enables the dumping
of their surplus here and the obliteration of the coast
fobbing trade. Standing at home as wholesalers en
a magnificent scale, they desire to appear here as
j eddlers, doling out their pack to the retailer, like
thread-and-ncedle men.
It must not be supposed that the granting of this
demand affects our jobbers only. It is equally against
our manufacturers. California has a field for manu
facture by the use of power that is of recent devel
opment, but incloses possibilities unequaled any
where else in the world. Our great mountain up
lift puts the law of gravity at our service in the un
limited water power furnished for the generation of
electricity. At the moment of the appearance of this
resource for power the great oil deposits are ex
ploited, and the use of oil in ore smelting comes to
the front. This State has never been efficiently pros
pected for iron, because our lack of coal threw the
smeiter back upon wood, and the consumption of the
forests for such purpose is inimical to our agricul
tural and horticultural interests, through the effect of
deforestation u*<on the conservation of water. But
v.uh oil as a fuel the prospect entirely changes, and
the iron prospects are destined to undergo before
long a searching examination, with the certainty of
finding ledges that will bring the supply of that metal
into prominence among our mineral resources Rm
as every one knows, the development of the useful
metals depends, primarily, upon a profitable local
consumption, and, with our existing manufactures
obatcrated upon the demand of the manufacturers of
the Middle West, the lure to iron ore development
goes out of existence. The jobbers and manufac
turers of the Middle West are commending to us a
medicine they would promptly reject for themselves.
If the Atlantic seaboard, from Mobile to Boston,
should present the claim that the Middle West is
their natural jobbing field, and that they must have a
broken carload rate that will dump their surplus upon
the shelves of all the retailers of that region, at a
price which the local manufacturers and jobbers can
rot meet and live, they would view the proposition
just as our Pacific Coast jobbers and manufacturers
view their present demand. This was demonstrated
by the keen interrogatory of Mr. Stubbs of the South
ern Pacific, who asked the Middle Westers if they did
not regard it as perfectly consistent for them to reach
into this territory and build up trade by selling on
close margins. They hastened eagerly to agree with
him. when he turned the other edge of his knife by
raying: "Then if the existing differentials give the
coast jobbers a slight advantage, is there any reason
why they should not use it to reach into remote dis
tricts and extend their trade farther East?"' The
Middle Westers avoided any further assent to any
proposition offered by Mr. Stubbs, for he seemed ro
have something up his sleeve.
It is a principle of business that the prosperity of
a community requires a full circle and not a segment
of business activities. To promote it there must be in
every great commercial and producing region such
manufactures as are natural and a wholesale and re
tiil trade in all the merchandise that is required by
the necessities of a people. For this principle the
Pacific Coast jobbers are contending, and have as
their allies the people who understand the conditions
of symmetrical development
The Interstate Commerce Commission is an impar
tial body. Its functions are judicial, and. although
the roast is handicapped by having no member on its
bench, we are sure that it will do nothing in violation
of what is clearly the natural law of trade and de
veiopment.
OUR STREET IMPROVEMENTS
UNDER BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS
The Call* does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have ss communications of general interest
EDITOR The Call: Thanks to the
new charter, the citizens of San
Francisco have to pass through an
interesting period of moral evolu
tion and to adapt themselves, like Dar
win's species, to new conditions of life.
Just now they have slowly to educate up
to the level of our Board of Public Works.
Formerly when at the city front a street
became impassable the good, plain, more
or less honest men whom we had made
our Superintendent of Streets got a hun
dred dollars' worth of rocks together and
dumped them into the holes: the teams
rolled over the improvement smilingly and
hoped that in a year or so a new Super
intendent of Streets might do even bet
ter. Xow, of course, nobody cares to ex
pect that our Board of Public Works, pre
sided over by a real United States colonel
and composed of gentlemen who by birth,
education and talent are competent to
tackle the heaviest engineering problems
of the country, would dump rocks into
street holes like hayseed farmers. They
know better.
Plans are made to place the dilapidated
street on piles or on a concrete foundation
or both. Plans and specifications cost
alone as much as did the rocks of the
good old Street Superintendent. When
the bids come in the repairs of the faulty
block turn out to be a matter of say $.7)00
or more. Unfortunately it turns out. too,
that there is no such sum of money avail
able. Perhaps the board knew that be
forehand. Anyhow it has succeeded in
proving the fact in a scientific way. The
teamsters receive the hearty regrets of
the board and drive around the block as
before.
On Sixth street, between Folsom and
Harrison, a similar experience puzzles the
afflicted property owners. Our old-fash
ioned Superintendent of Streets, under the
pull and push customary and provided for
in such cases, might have put some money
aside to raise the rurb to the street rail
road track, which represents the old
srade of the street since It was accepted
by the city twenty years ago. Our Board
of Public "Works does not do such kind of
business. Their professional conscience
pot troubled by a doubt if that grade of
twenty years apro was the true on^. The
original grac!*> they claim to have be^n
two feet hltrher. They have given the
matter to the City and County Attorney,
who has pondered over it since some
months. He ponders still. Thence it will
pass to the courts and will rest there a
little while longer. Meanwhile nobody
could expect the board to reserve any
money for the improvement. Kverythinff
has been done that can be done and all In
a legal and professional manner. Should
the court decide that the original grade of
back in the fifties holds good, then the
board will propose to raise the level of
that afflicted block on Sixth street two
feet above the railroad track so that it
it like a "knpje" over the rest of the
world around it. For unfortunately dur
ing the generation that has passed since
the grade was lowered by two feet, a
whole densely populated square mile of
the city — that is. all the land between,
say. Howard and Channel and Third and
Tenth (probably morel — has been left two
feet below and has to be slowly educated
up to the level of our Board of Public
Works.
As the owners of the Sixth-street prop
erty will object to do business on a
"kopje." the board will once more express
its hearty regrets and the teams will drive
around the block, until a terrestrial or po
litical earthquake brings the board or
street to the proper lever.
One thing is certain, to-wit. that, since
these differences In the professional and
business levels have sprung up. there
floats again at the City Hall at half-mast
the familiar flag of the empty purse that
makes the honorable Board of Public
Works free from all further insinuations.
If it should ever be taken down, let the
board please remember that we on Sixth
street want to do business on a level with
our fellow men and that we are ready to
go up with them as soon as the million or
two are ready to raise the odd square
mile of city that lives now two feet be
low the law to the legal and professional
ievel. ROBERT R. RUSS.
23 Columbia Square. City.
THURSDAY APRIL 5. 1000
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ml Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
FLBLICATIOS OFFICE. ..Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL lIOOMS Vl7 to 221 SteT*n«on St.
Telephone Main 1874.
IlellTered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelc.
StDKle Coplen. 5 Cents.
Terms Ij j Mall. Includfns PoitaKfi
r-AII.T CALL .including gun Cay). one year $i.OH
VAILY CALL tlnciudlng Sunday). C mor.thi S °°
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months IM
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 6Se
frXDAT CALL One Year l-''°
WEEKLY CALL One Year lo °
All poatniaatern nr+ authorized to receive
¦ abnerlptlona.
Eaisple copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAK I. AM) OFFICE HIS Bromdir**,
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Var.ager foreign Advertising, Marquetta Building, Chicago* :
NEW TORX CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Squara
NEW TORE REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sfaensaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FYacont Houbv; Au4!torium Kctel.
NEW TCnK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Artorta. Hotel; A. Breataao. 31 TJnloQ S?aar*:
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON t. CRANE, Corres^ondoM
till IXCII OFFICES — E27 Montgomery, ccrcer ct Clay, cr«»
umi! S<:3o o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:3 i) o'clock, tt-19
McAllister. or*n 'Jntll 9:30 o'clock. 61! V Larkln. open un'il
9:3'f o'ciock. U4I Mission, open until 10 o'clock- 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, o^en until 9 o'clock. 10M
Valencia, cptn until :¦ o'clock. KS Eleventh, cpen until
a o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
cf#n until 9 o'clock.
DEWEY'S CANDIDACY.
ON" his return home last fall Admiral Dewey
found his countrymen in an idolatrous stage
of cffusi%-e feeling, and was immersed in an
atmosphere of popularity which was like incense.
But incense, though pungent and pleasant at tirst,
finally dulls" the nerves through which it is appre
ciated. The stage of satiety is reached, and though
the censer still swings and the perfumed clouds rise
from it, the aroma is unnoticed and the satiated
nerves turn to something new.
The Admiral seems to have reached that stage in
which the full soul loathes the honeycomb and turns
instinctively to something new.
Last fall, when the Presidential candidacy was pro
posed to him. he talked like a hearty sailor, declaring
that his life had been spent in his profession, out of
touch with civil affairs, and that the Government
could not be run like a man-of-war, and, as running
a ship was the limit of his knowledge, civil affairs
should be left to those trained in them.
Now his taste changes and his point of view shifts
with it. He accepts the idea which was repugnant to
him six months ago, and seems to hear his country
men calling him to the Presidency. Whatever sign
he may make, or what say or do, will not diminish
the kindly esteem in which he is held. But the state
ments in his assenting interview will not in any de
gree increase that esteem. When a man leaves a
pedestal to which he has been elevated by popular
acclaim, because of action in a specific line to which
training, experience or natural talent has directed
him. and seeks to climb upon another, in a far dif
ferent line, he comes to be judged -by an estimate not
of his right to stand upon the former eminence, but
of his fitness for the new one.
This is a high and mighty time in our history.
Great and novel questions are rising and growing to
overshadow the past. Party alignment is being re
arranged. Already there is apparent a new cleavag?,
but it is partisan. Men in great public station or
seeking it cannot keep their opinions dormant. The
people are not grabbing for a President in a bag. like
children at a church fair, nor are they playing blind
man's buff this year to catch the man who is to
serve them for four years in the great office. They
intend that the election next November shall decide
some things which wait for decision. They are in the
habit of adapting instrumentalities to their uses. An
American farmer does not use his daughter's piano
for a plow because he likes to hear "Yankee Doodle"
played on it. An American carpenter does not use
his wife's washboard for a jackplane because he ap
preciates the white linen she rubs clean on its ribs.
The American citizen does not send his watch to a
blacksmith to be cleaned, nor his horse to a jeweler
to be shod. He is skilled in self-government, and
wise in the adaptation of means to ends. He admires
Dewcy for what he is, but does not therefore feel
c; lied upon to admire him for something else.
This discrimination in selecting instrumentalities **
repressive of enthusiasm for the Admiral's Presidential
candidacy. A further bar is Dewey's lack of decision
as to the party whose candidate he would be and the
platform upon which he would run. He invites re
sentment by the apparent assumption that his person
ality is sufficient. We have not had many men in"
public life in all of our history whose personality
stood for that much. Indeed it is doubtful if we have
had any. Washington and Lincoln both had oppo
sition, and as for the others, they are all far away
from the ideal spot on which the Admiral seems to
believe he is standing.
His country will take hi? offer of himself with good
humor, but he mu?t not be disappointed if that humor
lack the eager enthusiasm which greeted him in his
proper character a few months ago.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1900.
attain at last a portion at least of the independence
for which her heroic sons have so long planned, agi
tated., worked and fought.
Colonel Baden-Powell might as well buy a house
and lot in'Mafeking and settle down for life, as it
looks as if he can neither walk. out nor be driven out.
The New York Post says: "If the Democrats have
the ri^ht candidate they will win this fall." and the
sayirrg is true enough, but, unfortunately for Democ
racy, it is going to have the left candidate-
THE EXAMINER SCHOOL OF CRIME
Sacramento Bee. '
Sunday's Examiner contained a roseate
article concerning four or five men who
have risen from poverty by "following the
races."
Let that metropolitan Journal print a
few of the names of once good men and
women who have been forced into pov
erty, driven into crime, maddened into
suicide or are still living in a perpetual
hell upon earth because of this same evil
habit.
It is the greatest curse In California to
day, and every honest turfman will ad
mit it.
SHOULD SUFFER FOR THE PLAGUE
Alameda Argus.
The merchants of San Francisco are
suffering heavy loss from diversion of
trade through a sensational and untruth
ful report, emphasized by big type and
pictures, that the black plague had ob
tained a foothold in San Francisco. There
appears to have been no motive at all in
spreading this report other than one of
pure deviltry. It is an exaggerated case
of malicious mischief. It will hurt even
the newspaper that is guilty of it. but
that will not make good the injury to
Innocent and decent parties. "What to
do" is the question. To whereas and re
solve at public meetings will neither miti
gate the present situation nor guard
against a repetition of the offense that
produced it. Just what remedy is prac
tical may not be set forth with certainty,
but this may confidently be said: To
damn a newspaper and then to subscribe
for it is never felt by the man at the head
of it to Indicate the public's active dis
pleasure. '.;'. V
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...f 0R...
Nome, St. Michael, Bawson
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
mOM PAN FRANCISCO S. S. "PORTt.AVn" A«m «n *m.
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS-
FROM s . fc ..„. pAUW . '
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Eiery Fortnight Thereafter. /
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet
Kodiak and Ail Intermediate Points* *
FROM 6EATTL.B.... c s ~ BEPTH . ? ¦•«•=».
For Md. «!*» .pp* to CAPT. JAS. C AKUOW, SSTl^&a^.
Ladies are greatly ber.eflted by the use of Tr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowsej
South American tonic.
A Simple Deduction.
Stuper — Here's a nice letter for a man
to receive! The scoundrel who wrote It
calls»me a blithering idiot!
Teeple^ — What's his name?
"That's just what I'd like to find out;
but there's no signature."
"Don't you recognize the writing? It
must be somebody who knows you."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A SCAR— Z.. City. No method has yet
been discovered that will obliterate the
trace of a scar.
XEXT JANUARY — Subscriber, Santa
Cruz Cal. If you are living at one sec
ond past midnipht December 31, 1900. you
will then for the first time be living in
the twentieth century.
THE BLUE AND THE GRAY—Sub
scriber, City. The poem entitled "The
Blue and the Gray." in which occur the
words "Under the laurel the blue, under
the willow the pray," and "Under the
roses the blue, under the lilies the gray."
was written by F. M. Finch. The poem
was inspired by a custom of Southern
women. The women of Columbus, Miss.,
animated by noble sentiments, showed
themselves impartial In their offerings
made to the memory of the dead. They
strewed flowers alike on the praves of
Confederate and of Union soldiers.
ENGLISH ARMY AND NAVY— J. B.
X., City. The term of enlistment Jn the
Art Exibition and Concert.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. corner
of California and Mason. Open dally from
9 till 5. Concert to-night from S "till 10.
Admission 25 cents. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public iren by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen 1 ?). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> atTownsend*9. #
FOR THE PROTECTION OF PATIENTS
SENATOR GALLINGER has introduced a bill
providing for the regulation of scientific ex
periments upon human beings in the District
of Columbia, the object being to put an end to cer
tain offenses to which the American Humane Society
has recently directed attention. It provides that no
person shall make or perform upon the body of any
human being within the limits of the District any
scientific experiment involving pain or risk of life or
health, for any other object than the amelioration of
the patient, except under the restrictions established
hv flip nrt
These restrictions are that the experiment be per
formed only by a duly qualified physician or sur
geon, that the subject of the experiment be not less
than twenty-one years of age and in full possession
of reasoning faculties, that the person making the
experiment obtain a license to make it from the
Commissioners of the District, that no such experi
ment be at any time continued against the expressed
will of the person experimented upon, and finally it
is provided: "That nothing in this act contained
shall be construed to prohibit or interfere with any
properly conducted method of medical treatment or
surgical operation, whether experimental or other
wise, having for its demonstrable end or object the
amelioration of suffering or the recovery of the pa
tient treated or operated upon."
The advocates of the measure claim it has no other
object th3n that of protecting those who cannot pro
tect themselves; that no reputable physician or
surgeon is affected by it, as it will not interfere in the
slightest degree with any method of treatment de
signed for the benefit of the patient, but that it "for
bids absolutely all experiments productive of pain or
distress or dangerous to life or health upon children
of any age, or the inmates of asylums, hospitals or
public institutions — in short, upon those who from
weakness or ignorance cannot protect themselves,
and whose helpless condition appeals to the common
instincts of humanity."
The Humane Society claims to have ample proof
of the necessity for restraining legislation of the kind
proposed. In these days, when an enthusiasm for
scientific .advance prevails in all civilized countries,
and when such large rewards of fame and fortune at
tend any notable discovery in science, the temptation
to make experiments upon human beings is inevit
ably great, and it is not to be doubted that in ! many
instances such experiments are made less with a view
to the good of the patient than for the discovery of
some secret of pathology. It is therefore advisable
that a safeguard be provided for the weak and the ig
norant against the excessive zeal of the devotees of
science, or the recklessness of quacks. The Gallingcr
bill applies only to the District of Columbia, but if it
prove efficacious and beneficial there, it may be fol
lowed elsewhere, and its consideration is therefore a
matter of interest to the country at large.
English army Is six years for "short ser
vice" and twelve years for "long ser
vice." One who has served twelve year.*
may re-enlist for nine yean and at th<»
close of the second enlistment, which
makes twenty-one years of service, he la
entitled to retire with a pension.
Able and ordinary seamen seldom enter
direct into the English navy. The sup
ply is obtained from the apprentices from
which the seamen and petty officers.
classe3 are recruited. The boys enter the
navy voluntarily and they may be re
ceived between the ages of 13 and 16%.
They enlist with the understanding that
they are to serve for ten years after hav
ing attained the age of eighteen.
It was said the capture of Cronje would dismay the
Boers, that the taking of Bloemfontein would dis
hearten them, and that the death of Joubert would
demoralize them; but it appears Lord Roberts is
finding them more lively and aggressive than
ever, and it i? probable that if they suffer a few more
losses they will get their dander up and whip every
thing British in sight. «
AMUSEMENTS.
Or; hfiin! — Vaudeville.
Ai.srar — "Quo Vad;s."
Grir.l Opera-hous* — "The BPFgr.r Student."
Cr.iifomia— "On the Sawanee River."
Califcrnia— Padererwfki, next Sunday night.
Columbia— "iiT. Smooth."
F.s-rher's Concert House— •'Faust."
TivoU— 'Manila Bound."
Ci.utf-s. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon an!
evening-
Olnnptm, corner of Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
El <"ii:npo — Dancir.p. bowline, fishing-, etc.. every Sunday.
<j\er. Park — Opening April 2J
Oakland Race Track— Races
"THE END OF HER LAST VOYAGE AS A SUGAR BOAT."
The brig W. G. Irwin Is now out about ten days from Honolulu, and on her arrival here will be turned over to her new
owners, Scammell & King, who will put her in the Nome passenger trade. She is perhaps the fastest vessel in the Hawaiian
"trade, and will in, "all probability make steamboat time to the gold fields.
• A considerable portion of the Irwln'3 cargo for Nome will be a steam beer plant. The owners of the patent have
-put' ssooo into the venture and expect to make a fortune out of it. By a new process all the ingredients of a first class steam
? beer are reduced to a powder. When a keg of the thirst-quenching fluid is required a certain quantity of the extract is put
,into the barrel, the water is turned in and the compound allowed to stand an hour or so. At the end of that time the
( faucet is turned and out comes as fine a steam beer as was ever served on the water front.
PLAGUE SCARES
KEEP TOURISTS
FROM HONOLULU
Mail Boat Australia Sails
With Only a Few
Passengers.
Big Fleet of Sugar Vessels In Quaran
tine^ — Harbor Commissioners
Let Contracts — Tug Ida
"^^Burglarized.
»
The Mail steamer Australia got away
promptly on time for Honolulu yesterday.
Owing to the plague scare she took away
very few passengers, but there was a full
cargo of general merchandise. The ad
vent of the Mail boat will be anxiously
looked forward to in the islands as owing
to the quarantine supplies are getting
very short down there. <.
The cabin passengers wno sailed on the
Australia are: William Booth, Mrs. Ed
gar, Miss- M. Grau, Miss C. Howland.
Chief Justice A. P. Judd, Mrs. Judd, Miss
A. E. Judd. J. R. Judd, Mrs. M. S. Levy,
W. Lindgren and wife, L. A. McCreanor,
William Morris and wife, Mrs. T. A. Pet
tus Mrs. S. N. Sexton . E. J. Ward and
wife. Mrs. M. Widdiueld, Miss Widdifleld.
Chief Justice A. F. Judd had to be car
ried aboard the steamer. He came to this
country for his health, but got worse in
stead of better. It is feared that he may
not live to reach Honolulu. The Judge is
accompanied by his wife, daughter and
son. Mrs. M. S. Levy is the wife of the
well known Rabbi. She is goinp to Hon
olulu to nurse her son. who was treated
as a plague suspect by the authorities
and sent to the Pesthouse. Later it
turned out that he had typhoid fever, and
the moving of him through the streets
in an ambulance nearly caused his death.
His mother will bring him home with her
when he is convalescent.
The arrival of another sugar fleet has
again made things lively at the quaran
tine station. The Planter was released
yesterday, and the cabin passengers of
the Sheridan were brought ashore, but
the fleet was almost doubled by the quar
antining of the barkentine Archer,
twenty-one days from Honolulu, ship
Falls of Clyde, fifteen days from Hilo,
schooner Dora Bluhm. eighteen and a
halfoays from Kahului and the schooner
Jennie "Wand sixteen days from Mahu
kona.
The pilots arc not in love with the quar
antine. The captains who are held on the
ships and those who have to do double
duty outside In consequence all hav^ their
little kick at the plague scares ana their
accompanying ills. Captain Swanson 13
patiently teaching Captain Pearce the in
tricacies of crib on board the Sheridan:
Captain "Xewt" Jordan is learning all
about rats and how they carry the plague,
aboard the S. N. Castle; Captain Wallace
is getting pointers on the best way to
reach the volcano aboard the Falls of
Clyde, while Captain McCullach is study
ing Hawaiian legends aboard the Mauna
|i Th* 1 Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and awarded a couple
of contracts. One was for a shed over
the apron of the Creek route ferry slip.
Newson & McNeil and Val Franz each bid
$1528 while Fred Miller bid $1520 and got
the job. the paving of East street in
front of the ferry depot was let to the
San Francisco Paving Company at U\i
cents the yard.
The ex-transoort City of Puebla will
po out on the Walla Walla's run to Puget
Sound next Friday: The latter vessel will
go on the drydock to-morrow and will
have a few necessary repairs made. She
will resume her usual run next trip.
The tug ' Ida W was ransacked last
Tuesday night. Some of the water front
thieves got aboard the steamer and stole
everything they could lay their hands on.
They broke into the forecastle and took
all the men's clothes, then ¦went to the
cabin and stole Captain Dan James' Sun
day suit and his oil clothing.
It is said by the Philadelphia Ledger that owing to
the enterprise of a Western railway upward of 1500
farmers from Pennsylvania and other Atlantic States
are now on their way to make homes in North Da
kota. That men should go to the blizzard country
to farm when there are so many idle acres in Cali
fornia is strange, but then there is a big difference in
railroads.
6officer as an owner of household furniture
or other property stands on common
ground with other residents and citizens,
and his property not within, army quar
ters stands as much in need of State and
municipal protection as any other kind of
property and is subject to the personal
property tax in the city where he is sta
tioned on duty.
Pierces
Favorite
Prescription
75 Cents.
7VO MORE.
7VO LESS.
And this price every day
in the year.
SEND FOR 100-PAGE
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE.
Palne's Celery Compound 75c
Plerce's Prescription 75c
Plerce's Discovery ?. 75c
Plnkham'B Compound ..75c
Baker's Honduras Sarsaparilia . .75c
Hood's SarsaparlHa 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilia — 75c
Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size... 75c
Carter's Hair Benewer 50c
Carter's Lithia Tablets .25c
Valuer's Violet Ammonia 25c
f Swamp Root 40c
Syrup of Figs-... 35c
Carter's Liver Pills. 15c
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Cut-Rate Druggists,
1123 MABKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO.
lOth and Broadway
Oakland.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Hervey Llndley Is at the Palace.
John Filllus, a merchant of Redding, is
at the Grand.
L. M. Ludwig, a lawyer of Toledo, Ohio,
is at the Palace.
Garrison Turner, an attorney of Mo
desto, is at the Grand.
W. H. Hatton, a legal light of Modesto,
is staying at the Lick.
Ex-State Senator E. C. Voorhels of Sut
ter Creek is at tho Palace. .
George K. Rider, a business man of Sac
ramento, and his wife are at the Grand.
George Myers, who has a corner on the
cigar business at Fresno, is at the Lick.
A. Brown, member of the State Board
of Equalization, from Milton, is at tho
Lick.
J. A. Robinson of Wales, well known in
Fresno and Los Angeles districts, is at
the Grand.
W. D. Blabon, a wealthy merchant of
Philadelphia, is at the Palace, accom
panied by his family. ; . « ¦.
J. W. Barbour and D. R. Cameron, who
are deeply Interested in the oil wells about
Hanford, are at the Lick.
R. J. Kimball, a capitalist of New York,
is at the Palace with his family. They
are touring the coast for pleasure.
W. H. Hollablrd, a heavy dealer in real
estate at Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
He Is on his way to Carson City on a busi
ness trip.
J. C. Hampton, vice president and gen
eral manager of the Pacific Lumber Com
pany's mills and railroads at Scotia. Hum
boldt County, is in town.
Judge, W. F. Fitzgerald, former At
torney General, who is now on the Supe
rior bench at Los Angeles, is at the 'Occi
dental with his wife and daughter.
"\V. F. O'L^ary, a prominent business
man of Healdsburg, is ln town on busi
ness connected with, the estate of his
uncle, for which ho is one of the exec
utors. Ills deceased uncle was of the firm
of Kane, O'Leary & Co., wholesale liquor
dealers.
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN EJ2.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
Commencing SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
Richard Walton Tully's Lauckable Farce.
"JAMES WOBERTS. I. S. S.. BOSTON."
Characters by Studpnts of the University of
California.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Gkm! KoFPrved Seat ln Orchestra at All
Mitlners 20c
Brar.rh Ticket Office— Emporium.
EXTRA !
SUNDAY AFTERNOON and EVENTNG NEXT,
S:£XT.'.?..-«»r.t Pr'»ductlon of Palmer Cox's
BKOWNIES IN FAIRYLAND.
Pasie Cwt and Spec!aJtle« as Recently Given
at the California Theater.
LMLUnpIA 'Baa
LAST i NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY. |
Srr.yth and Rice present Comedian
WILLIE COLLIER
— In His Own New Farce —
MR. SMOOTH.
Last Performance Sunday Night.
Be£. NEXT^MONDAY—
\A7A\. H \A/EST»S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
The Oreatest Minstrel Organisation Extant.
FPF.CIAL PRICED- 250. sOe, 75c and $1.00.
A NEW BILL 7)F HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTIES!
MATTHEWS AND HARRIS: lIARRT
COGILL and MAY ARLEA:
KARLE and SHEPHERD;
CARRIE BEHR;
KK.VO, WELCH end MELIiOSE;
LO.VEY HAPKKLL: W. C. FIELDS;
A. L. GUILLE:
CHARLES SWEET.
Reserved Peat*. ZX,c: naJceny. 10c; Opera
Cha'.r* and Box Seats. ZOc.
Matinees— Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
Massive Production
80 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE.
Q-GREAT SCENES-8
PRICES— ISc72Sc, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNTWT.
FISCHER'S
-«- CONCERT HOUSE "^
122-124 O'FAftIiELL ST.
K. A. FJSCHFR Prop
GEORGE MOOSEIt Manager
The Ilandsorcif-n Music Hall ln Air.erlca.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
THIRD ACT FROM "FAUST"
IN ALL-STAR CAST
COMIC WHEN YOU PLEASE.
S:'*. Aujruft Hir.richs' eu;><?rb orchestra: EJ7.
f*nur Yaritas: t:4*. £l£T.orina I'clltiunl; 11:12.
Kiiinorina iiarduci; l:lo. Klijnor Nai*cleoiie;
S:»n. Bfttvfat; 'j:2Z. Ficr.or Badaraceo; 10:00, BU-
norita Pttereri: 1O:C5. duet, h'alvlnl ar.d Varjja:;
11:05 to 11:50, •¦Faurt."
3n l*rr;>aratton — "La Boheme?"
ADMISSION 10 cents
GRAND OPENING APRIL 29th
Fop the Season of 1900,
T'nJer the direction and management of the
C. F. KiPP COMPANY,
1200 Market *t., Waees.
Ocm-«»ss|rtriF for disposal. Arranrf-ment* can
now be mad* by clubs and societies ror leas-
inir the Park. etc.
STUDENTS' LECTURE COURSE.
THIRI> LECTURE— April !.. ft p. tn., Y. M. C
A. Auditorium. REV. CHARLES R. BROWN.
•'Constantinople and the Turks" (Illustrated
with Ktereoi-tlcon). ADMISSION, SO cents.
Xickeu- at Eider & thephard's.
EVERY EVENING. MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Merry, Musical Extrai'ag^anza,
MANILA BOUND
Don't M!r» the Topical Songs. Duets, etc.
See the "HOOT MON GOLF RALLET."
Hear the "GREAT PATRIOTIC FINALE."
Popular Prices ..... 25 and 50 Cents
Telephone Bush 9.
NEXT WEEK-
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL"
April Uth— Magnificent Production of
"THE WIZARD OF THE N^LE."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
"Hoot Mon"
AND
The Amateurs
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night.
Order Peats by I'hon*. Park 23.
AMUSEMENTS,
Din YOU HEAR THE
FOUNTAIN CITT QUARTET
In the Season's Greatest Success,
ON THE SUWANEE RIVER.
Presented by a Great Cast. Including
MIPS STELLA MAYHEW.
The Queen of Impersonators?
YOU WILL LIKE IT. YOU CANT HELP IT.
All Special Scenery of the Beautiful Sunny
South.
Commencing MONDAY NIGHT. April 9th.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And Ills Incomparable Company.
Pre«eat:ng Sol Smith Russell's Beautiful
Comedy,
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
JREMEmBERij
LAST CONCERT
SUNDAY NIGHT NEXT at 8:30.
BEATS NOW ON SALE.
<STEINIVAY PIANO USED.)
BACK FROM THE
ISLANDS TO BE
TRIED FDR LIFE
James Redmond; Arrested in
Manila, Now in the City
Prison Here.
To Be Taken to Kansas City to
Answer for the Murder of
Miss Emma Schu
macker.
«
James Redmond, alias Coleman. alias
Mlko Seville, alias William O'Neill, ac
cused of murdering- Miss Emma Schu
macker !r. Kansas City, Mo., on the night
of December S. 1F97. while robbing her
house, is In the City Prison awaiting the
arrival cf an officer from Kansas City
with the necessary papers for his extradi
tion. He was arrested in Manila by Cap
tain J. F. Morrison of the Twentieth In
fantry for personating a sergeant of ar
tillery and was identified by Lieutenant
Cobb of the Thirty-ninth In Jan try, for
merly a reporter in Kansas City; Alfred
O. Glrard, clerk In the chief surgeon's of
fice and formerly first sergeant of Troop
I of the Rough Riders, and others as the
Kansas City murderer.
Redmond arrived hero on the transport
Sheridan from Manila and was detained
at Alcatraz Island. Chief Sullivan had
been notified by Chief John Hayes of Kan
sas City that Redmond would arrive on
the transport. Chief Hayes requested
Chief Sullivan to take charge of the pris
oner until ho could send an officer for
him. Yesterday morning Detectives Rey
nolds, McMahon and Egan were sent to
the island by Captain Bohen for Redmond
and they brought him to the City Prison
yesterday afternoon.
His description, sent out by Chief Hayes
at the time of the murder, mentioned that
he had tattooed en his left forearm a
ballet girl with a sword in her hand, and
on the right forearm a tombstone, weep
ing willow, sailor and anchor. He had
ai?o a scar on the richt cheek from a
bullet tired by Miss Schumacker at him
before she was phot dead. Redmond de
nied that he was the right man, claiming
that his name was William O'Neill, but
he was examined in the prison and all
the marks referred to by Chief Hayes
were found on his person. The Chief also
said of him: "He is a burglar and would
steal lead pipe or blow a safe. He Is a
dope fiend and fond of women."
Redmond Joined the Rough Riders un
der the name of Mike Seville. After the
return of the regiment from Cuba and
while at Montauk Point. N. Y., he desert
ed, as he learned that the Kansas City of
ficers were on the way to take him back
there. He made his way to Seattle and
left there with the transport Garonne for
Manila in charge of some horses. He was
engaged as a teamster in the quartermas
ter's department in Manila when arrested.
Redmond positively refused to say any
thing except to deny that he was the man.
He said that he saw Wellington G. L.lew-
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GOLDEN AGE OF ITALIAN LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
Property of Army Officers Taxable.
The City Attorney yesterday Informed
Assessor Dodge that a United States army
ft lIT nntfll Corner Fourth and
CAFE'-BOWLs^a
Will !¦ lIVIIIU sc. Overcoats and
Valises checked fret.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. April 4.-H. J. Scott.
T.J. Scott and Charles J. Crocker of San
Francisco are at the Shoreham.
The Most Popular Resort
In the city Is Zlnkand's. Good music, fine ser
vice and the best food in the market cause the
place to b« deservedly patronized. • ,\* •
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 4.— J. Edel of San
Francisco Is at the Savoy; W. \V. Foote,
the well-known San Francisco attorney,
is at the Waldorf-Astoria.
Tickets to Be Sold.
There will be a special meeting held
this evening at 7:30 o'clock In the vestry
of the Geary-street Temple, at which all
interested in the late fair are requested
to be present with their friends. The final
disposition of the remaining articles to be
raffled will take place and the remaining
tickets unsold will be disposed of at this
meeting. A large attendance Is earnestly
requested.
£mssk ELECTRIC
*ltoF BELT.
•;{ \z=- THIS BELT IS WAR-
/j!X ranted to be the latest Im-
k proved, most powerful and Jn
all rerpects the best now manufactured Jn any
tirirt of the world. Its equal does not exist. The
Galvanometer fhows Its electric current to bu
double that of any other. Kasily regulated.
I>urably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments Ereclal conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. ' It will cure
any dlrease on earth that It is possible to curs
with electricity, and It cures when others fall.
Buy no belt till you *<>c "Dr. Plerce's."
"•Booklet No.'!," free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
020 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel) SAN FRANCISCO,
Eastern Office— New York City,
Good Arises From Disaster.
500 pairs ladies' fine kid shoos, in lace or
button. All sizes and widths, for Jl IS a
pair, worth from $3 to $5. (These shoes
are supposed to have boon soiled ln a col
lision.) On sale to-morrow (Friday), at 9
a. m. "The Standard." 102> Market street,
between Sixth and Seventh. •
Investments !
That combine safety and good returns are what
you want
vi w2 e!3 oji
Invested with the Bouth American Security
Company will earn more money in less tlm»
than by any other method.
Is protected from loss.
VAITD wnVEV Wlll brine «ocd returns.
IUU-'i UIUNEI Has full earning power.
Is subject to withdrawal.
Our certificate holders will testify that our
plan is the safest, surest and best plan of in-
vestment. „„_
Accounts received for $10 and upwards.
Sontli American Secnrity Go.
214 Pins Street, San Franci3co.
Send for our Uttlo book and toll particular*.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
MARCH 26 to APRIL 7, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TKACK.
Racine Monday, Tuesday, 'Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or chine.
Klve or more races each day.
Races r tart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boatß leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:J0. 1. l:S0, 2. 1:30 and S p. m., connecting
with trains etcpplng at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dle* ar.d their e*cort»: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Ehell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alamoda mole con-
nect with Kan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. Theee electric cars
to direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Train* leave th<« track at 4:15 and
<:4£ p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILUOY. Secretary.
FAMILY RESORT-EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERT SUNDAY.
Fnrty-flve minutes' rido on the bay In that
large, mnrnlflceni sto.imer. T.'klah. D.-inclng,
bnwlinp. toning, boating, plenty of shad?, re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adult*. 25 cent* for the round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children between
i and 12 years of a*e 10 cents.
I>ave Tfimroa ferry, foot or Market street.
10:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 4 p. m. Iy»ave El Campo,
12:43. 3:ir> and 5 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEFECTIVE BURNERS
COST A GIRL'S LIFE
Mami* Sullivan Asphyxiated in Her
Bed by Gas From a Loose
Fixture.
Mamie Sullivan, a domestic. 21 years
old, was asphyxiated Tuesday night ln her
room at the residence of her employer.
H. H. Brann, 51 Cumberland street. At
6 o'clock yesterday morning, her usual
hour for arising, gas was found to be es
caping from her room, and when the door
was forced she was found dead. One or
the gas burners was loose and was partly
turned on.
Her employer says that she was In very
cheerful spirits and there were no Indi
cations that she contemplated taking her
life. It is believed that the girl's death
was accidental. The parents of deceased
reside at 22 Clipper street.
An up-to-date hotel. The Bradbury. Every-
thing first class. 1604 California St., cor. Polk. •
Fred Gray Discharged.
The charge against Frederick Gray, In
dicted for having coin counterfeiting tools
ln his possession, was dismissed yesterday
by United States District Judge de Haven
on motion of Assistant United States At
torney Banning, who entered a nolle
prosequl. Gray had been tried three times
and the jury had disagreed on each oc
casion.
Re-Open Sunday.
Next Sunday the California Northwest
ern officials will start the Uklah on her
regular runs to El Campo.
This popular resort has been put in first
class condition, and there is an abundance
of shade, boating and fishing.
The dancing, bowling, etc., will be as of
yore, and refreshments can be had on the
grounds. The scheduled trips are an
nounced ln the regular advertisement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o iiim c
© ©
I Bargains I
s °
© WILL BE PLACED ON SALE ©
§ THIS DAY. |
©50 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE §
© SUITS, in black, navy blue, ©
Q brown and cray; v.i've for Sio oo ©
© —will be offered fifcff.OO ©
§** &^ g
© 50 dozen LADIES' STOCK 1
2 COLLARS, in satin and v-Ivit, g
n price 25c — will be offered «£> S
P at C*C O
§ NEW SUITS DAILY ARRIVING %
O ©
© ~We are strictly one-price house. q
© ©
O Suits made to order. Perfect fit q
O guaranteed. Q
I J. O'BRIEN & CO. I
§ 1146 Market Street. §
© o
eeo®o®ooeooeoeaeoooeoo
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
Willie Collier and his company con
tinue to amuse large audiences at the
Columbia Theater with their clever per
formance ln the farce "Mr. Smooth."
These are the last nights of the engage
ment, which comes to a close on Sunday
night.
Next Monday night W. H. West's
Minstrel Jubilee will be the attraction.
Carroll Johnson, Richard J. Jose, Fred
Warren, Waterbury Brothers and Tenny,
the three L.ukens, the three Marvelles and
others are on the company's list of per
formers. During the minstrel engage
ment popular prices are to prevail.
At the California "On The Suwanee
River" continues for the week. On Mon
day night the James Neill Company will
open in "A Bachelor's Romance," one of
Sol Smith Russell's greatest successes.
The Neill Company will, produce a num
ber of interesting plays and much is ex
pected of the organization, which else
where has been most successful.
"Quo Vadis" will be continued next
week at the Alcazar. In the review of
"Quo Vadls" that appeared in The Call
on Tuesday morning Will H. Irwin was
credited, through inadvertence, with the
work of Edwin T. Emery, whose acting of
Vinicius was intelligent and artistic.
"The Beggar Student" Is the farewell
bill of the present Morosco Company at
the Grand. On April 15 the new extrava
ganza company will open In "An Arabian
Girl and Forty Thieves."
The Tivoli will abandon "Manila Bound"
on Monday night for "The Bohemian
Girl." "The Wizard of the Nile" is in
active preparation.
The bill at the Orpheum this week is
not the strongest the management has
presented, but it is drawing crowded
houses just tho same. Next week's bill
will be an exceptionally good one. The
newcomers include Bobby Gaylor. the fa
mous dialect comedian; the Empire Quar
tet, a musical comedy combination; the
De Forrests. who call themselves "Whirl
wind Dancers." and SI Stebblns. the mon
ologue comedian and well-known sleight
of hand performer.
The third act of "Faust" is being pre
sented at Fischer's Concert House, to
gether with instrumental and vocal se
lections, including songs by the beautiful
Salvini.
The Black Bartons head the list at the
Olympla.
On Sunday afternoon and evening next
"The Brownies in Fairyland" will be pre
sented at the Grand Opera-house with the
same cast and specialties as recently seen
at the California.
Paderewski will give his final .concert
on Sunday night nt the California The
ater. The programme, which has not yet
been decided upon, will be made up large
ly of request numbers.
ellyn the soldier who murdered Pollce
men Clifford and Griillths in Denver Au
gust 13 last, white he was in Seattle wait
ing for the Garonne to sail.
Chief Hayes was at once notified of the
fact that liedmond was ln prison and that
me marks or identification were on him.
The Chief replied that he would send on.
an olllcer ana the necessary papers with
out delay.
KANSAS CITY, April 4.— James Red
mond is wanted for the murder of Miss
Kmma Schumaker, in her grocery store
here on the night of December 8, 1597.
Two masked men entered Miss Schu
maker's store about &:oU o'clock that
night and demanded her money, which
flic was counting. Instead of giving up
her money Miss Schumaker drew a re
volver. One of the robbers promptly shot
her, the bullet passing through her body.
This did not weaken her, tor she imme
diately discharged her weapon at the man
who shot her. The robbers ran out of the
store and jumped into a buggy which they
had stationed near and drove away. Miss
Schumaker died a rew days afterward.
Bill Handy, an old negro living ln the
southeastern part of the city, told the
police that Kennedy, Kansas City's fa
mous train robber, who is now doing
nineteen years at Jefferson City for the
Macomb train robbery, brought a wound
ed man to the Rose House shortly after
the Schumaker shooting and that the
wounded man, who is declared to be Red
mond stayed there several days. It was
also believed that Kennedy and Redmond
had a hand in mis murder and that Red
mond was the man who was wounded by
Miss Schumaker. Kennedy was indicted
for the murder, but has never been tried
on the indictment. Shortly after the mur
ci.r Redmond left the city and detectives
have been on his trail ever since he joined
Torrey's Rough Riders at Rock Springs,
Wyo., and later went to Cuba. He was
recognized at Montauk, L. 1., after his
return from Cuba by a man from Kansas
City who visited the troops there. A de
tective was sent from Kansas City to ar
rest him, but he got wind of the affair
and made his escape. During the past
year nothing had been heard of him until
his arrest at Manila.
XIII. DANTE'S DIVINE COMEDY.
BY VIDA D. SCUDDER.
Dante's "Dlvino Comedy" belongs to a
great group of poems which may well be
studied together; symbolic or allegorical
poems, which toll us how noble imagina
tions have conceived of the spiritual his
tory of man. The book of Job Is one of the
first of these poems; in the renaissance.
Spenser's "Faerie Queene" Is the great
representative of the type. At the begin
ning of the modern era we meet Goethe's
"Faust" and Shelley's "Prometheus Un
bound." A little later, on a more limited
scale, but of the same order, Carlyle's
"Sartor Resartus." They have wonderful
Interest, these poems, and curiously
enough they reveal better than any real
istic literature the true character and
Ideals of the ages that produced them.
The fourteenth century was the only
period in which the "Divine Comedy
could have been written. The poem comes
right out of the heart of the middle ages,
but the middle ages old enough to have
become conscious, and, as so often hap
pens ln literary history, gaining power of
utterance Just as they pass away. The
accumulated passion and insight of many
Christian centuries are In the. poem.
The "Divine Comedy" is the story of a
pilgrimage. A little later, ln the renais
sance, Spenser showed us his conception
of earthly life, and his was a great battle
field, where knights of spiritual glory
fought forever against the forces of sin
and guile. Either conception Is true. J^ife
is a journey, it is also a battle; but a man
of the middle ages, which were even more
profoundly contemplative than militant,
was more likely to use the symbol of the
pilgrimage.
Into strange regions Dante's journey
took him. Tne poem is full of picture and
story, presented with marvelous vividness.
But this is because the middle ages had
an extraordinary gift for translating the
invisible into form and color. For ln real
ity all the landscape Is within the human
spirit. We are carried into hell, up the
purgatorial height and thence into the
glories of farthest heaven; and yet all the
time we have not left the limits of one
human, sinful, penitent, forgiven soul.
Hell first. Dante tell 3 us how he was
wandering, lost and beset by foes, ln the
wlldered forest of life, when there met
him a stately figure, who told him that he
was sent to be his guide. This was the
poet Virgil, representative of the wisdom
of the ancient world. It Is a heavenly one
who has sent Virgil to Dante's "help;
Beatrice, Dante's early love, now a saint
in paradise. Fearing, yet with an instant,
loving trust (which never fails him) In
Virgil, his noble master and lord, Dante
plunges into hell— into the murk of hell.
Hell is within the earth. That is be
cause to Dante, as to all men of the mid
dle ages, this tarth seemed an evil thing,
which drew men away from God. It does
not fill the whole globe, it is only a coni
cal pit. clown which he stumbles, guided
by Virgil through the most varied and
terrible landscape ever conceived by man.
Now they press through a raging hurri
cane, on which wailing souls are borne
forever hither and thither; now across a
black marph, wherein are plunged the
souls of the wrathful and sullen, while
beyond loom the mosques of a city of fire;
now wander in a sinister land of tombs:
now in a horrible wood, where tortured
branches hiss and speak: now over burn
ing sands, whereon fall slowly, ceaseless
ly, dilated flakes of fire, and now they
wade a little river, the redness of which
makes Dante shudder — a river of Mood.
Downward they press, ever downward, to
the very center of the earth, where bit
ter cold reigns forever, where- Lucifer, the
evil worm. Is stuck, the central principle
of evil, death-giving, impotent.
All this hlde-ous region is full of agoniz
ing souls, whose place of abode, though It
appears material, is but the expression of
their evil minds. For behind the gro
tesque punishments which Dante devised
lies the inexorable fate of wicked charac
ter, nowhere else in Christian literature
rendered with so stern a power.
Some people talk as If Dante were only
the port of the "Inferno." and they pic
ture him as a gloomy, fearful person, se
vere and even vindictive. This Is not at
all true. Hell was. Dante had to go
there:
Christ! Once must every man descend to
depths of hell:
Ooest thou not ln life? In death there must
thou dwell.
Says an old German mystic. But Dante
was thankful enough to escape, and. once
out, his whole nature expands with an
exquisite tenderness. Nowhere ln litera
ture Is there so wonderful a sense of re
lief and escape as we feel when with Vir
gil and Dante we emerge from the "blind
world" into the sweet life-giving air and
watch the trembling of the dawn over the
ocean, from which rises toward heaven
the Mount of Purgatory. Hell was only a
very sr*ill part of Dante's universe. Just
as large was purgatory, and Its inhabi
tants continually were renewed, for the
pilgrim throng which he and Virgil now
join, mounting continually upward, re
joicing In tortures that purify and prom
ise, were constantly, their purification ac
complished, uplifted Into the supernal
bliss of the overarching heaven. It Is ln
tho earthly paradise, once the Garden of
Eden, on the top of this mighty moun
tain, that Dante's long trial is at an end..
Worthy of spiritual freedom, he is also
worthy at last to behold once more his
lady and his love — that Beatrice whom he
had early loved and early lost and
mourned through all his days. She comes
to htm. the light of heaven in her dear
eyes, and to heaven they uplift him. And
vast Indeed Is heaven; vast as the grace
of God. Hell Is only a segment of one
small globe. But Dante's heavens encir
cle this globe, sphere surrounding sphere,
out Into infinite space, all circled and
bounded by the boundless love of God.
If one is to believe ln hell at ajl— of
course many people to-day refuse to be
lieve ln It — it is hard to see how one could
construe Its proportion in the universe
with more optimism than Dante. Here,
ln heaven, move, harmoniously free, the
GOLDEN /\GES OF* LITERATURE.
shining, singing spirits whpse earthly pil
grimage is over; no longer in human form,
but manifesting their bliss through love
ly light, color and movement. and
through speech and song more and more
fraught with spiritual rapture and wis
dom, as Dante pierces nearer to the heart
of the divine "light intellectual, full of
love: love of true good, full Of joy, Joy
whlrh transcends rvery sweetness"; that
Is what Dante found in the heavenly coun
try. He turns away at last even from
the eyes of Beatrice; turns to the contem
plation of the primal light. And in the
very conclusion of the j>«>em he reaches
in a flash the end of his journey, the goal
of his desires. It is the beatific vision, the
supreme longing of all devout souls in tho
middle ages, of all devout souls to-day.
Dante, who has beheld hell and, climbed,
the weary steps of purgatory, grazes at
last, his spirit unconsumed, upon the be
ing of God.
VIDA D. SCUDDER.
Wellesley College.
Selected Critical Studies.
The most obvious quality of Dante la
definlteness. This gives a peculiar char
acter to his sincerity, to his intensity and
to that wonderful faculty of vision for
which he Is unique among the poets of tha
world.
Dante's genius Is like a wedge of steel
hard, narrow, fit for rending oaks. Smit
ten with sledgehammer blows by his Ti
tanic energy it penetrates the toughest
matter and pierces to the very core of
things. The breadth of his thought Is less
remarkable than its depth. He goes
straight to the essence of his subject, re
jecting accidents, despising ornament,
and. having seized its truth, he grrasps
that with a grip of iron. Dante seems
ma.de to nullify the aphorism "not deep
the poet sees, but wide." he is so deter
mined to be dorp In insight and exact In,
detail that he limits his subject, if need
be. in order to secure the utmost deflnlte
ness. Nothing, again, can exceed the
brevity of his speech. His words are like
flowers and fruit 3 upon a tree of silence
—definite, precise, sincere. His pictures
are painted with the strictest parsimony
of description; yet no medal-striker ever
wrought his outlines sharper or his shad
ows deeper. The salient ami essential
points of an object are selected and made
visible with such vividness that we dis
cern tha whole. It would seem as If
each line of Dante's poem, each simile,
each aphorism, had been wrung from him.
with pain and struggle.— Slmonds.
But of all the great world poems un
questionably Dante's "Divina Commedla"
may be justly claimed to have a spiritual
sense, for it possesses a philosophic sys
tem and admits of allegorical interpreta
tion. It is pur excellence the religious
poem of the world. And religion. Ilk©
philosophy, deals directly with a first prin
ciple of the universe, while, like poetry,
it clothes Its universal ideas in th» garb
of special events ar.ii situations, making
them types and hence symbols of the kind
which may become aliejjories.
Homer, too. shows us ihe religion of the
Greeks, but It Is an art religion, having
only the same aim as essential poetry— to
turn the natural into a symbol of the spir
itual. Dante's theme Is the Christian re
ligion, which goes beyond the problem of
transfiguring nature and deals with the
far deeper problem of the salvation of
man. For man. as the summit of nature,
transfigures nature at the same time that
he attains the divine. The insight Into
the divine-human nature of the highest
principle of the universe and the conse
quent necessity of human immortality and
possibility of human growth into divine
perfection includes the Greek principle as
a subordinate phase. — W. T. Harris.
The ••Iliad" and the "Odyssey" do not
become antiquated to us. The characters
of Shakespeare are perpetually modern.
Homer, Dante. Shakespeare, siand alone
in the closeness of their relation to na
ture. Each after his own manner gives
us a view of life, as seen by the poetic
imagination, such as no other poet has
given to us. Homer, first of all poets,
shows us Individual personages sharply
defined, but in the early stages of intel
lectual and moral development, the first
representatives of the race at Its con
scious entrance upon the path of progress,
with simple motives, simple theories of
existence, simple and limited experience.
He is plain and direct in the presentation
of life, and in the substance no less than
in the expression of his thought.
In Shakespeare's work the Individual
man is no le^a sharply defined, no less
true to nature, but the long procession of
his personages is whonv different in effect
from that of the " iiiad" and the "Odys
sey." They have lost the simplicity of
the older race; they are products of a
longer and more varied experience; they
have become more complex. And Shakes
peare is plain and direct neither in the
substance of his thought nor ln the ex
pression oi It. The world has grown old
er, and in the evolution of his nature man
has become conscious of the Irreconcilable
paradoxes of life, and more or less aware
that, while he is infinite ln faculty, he Is
also the quintessence of dust. But there
13 one essential characteristic In which
Shakespeare and Homer resemble each
other as poets— that tney both show to us
the scene of life without the Interference
of their own personality. Each simply
holds the mirror up to nature and lets us
see the reflection without making: com
ment on the show. If there be a lesson
in it we must learn It for ourselves.
Dante comes between the two. and dif
fers more widely from each of them than
they from one another. They are primar
ily poets, He Is primarily a moralist who
is" also a poet. Of Homer the man and of
Shakespeare the man we know and need
to know nothing: it Is only with them a»
poets that we are concerned. But it Is
needful to know Dante as man tn order
fully to appreciate him as poet. He jrfves
us his world, not as reflection from an
unconscious and Indifferent mirror, but as
from a mirror that shapes and orders Its
reflections for a definite end beyond that
of art and extraneous to it. And ln this
lies the secret of Dante's hold upon so
many and so various minds. He Is th<*
chief poet of man aa a moral being.— C.
E. Norton.
Note — A paper on "Homer. Dante and
Milton." by Miss Vida D. Scudder. will
be published next Wednesday.
REPUDIATES A DEBT
THAT SAVED HER SON
ARREST. >^^^^r> v
Office Chief of Police. 3
AugUSt 10, 1897. IS-- 111 l
Arrest for felony embezzle- \ &&W tsg£2* W^\%
mpnf NTCHOT A*^ RTTTA : W^a %s's
former bookkeeper for Sea- a^*£iE^ &*w4 l *
tena & Co., 104 Washington "^^^S^ ' ffipl
street, this city. Left here yMS^
August 9th, supposed to be /^£%isiii£S Ws!k&
bound lor the South, via San -#«^3k'^?^>v
Jose. «Wil >«&'
DESCRIPTION: Age 28,
5 feet 6 inches, 150 lbs., dark complexion, dark eyes and
dark hair; walks a little stoop shouldered. Looks like a Jew.
Dressed when last seen, gray checked suit, black hard hat.
If found, arrest and wire. I hold warrant. Will pay all ex
penses. I. W. LEES, Chief of Police.
FACSIMILE OF THS POLICE DESCRIPTION OF BUJA,
THE filing of a suit Tuesday wherein
Mrs. Mary Buja seeks to recover
$1500 from L. Scatena, the commis
sion merchant of 104 Washington
street, recalls the crime of Nicholas Buja,
once the bookkeeper for the defendant ln
the action and son of the plaintiff.
Had Mr. Scatena been the hard-hearted
and designing man he Is alleged to be in
the complaint he would have allowed the
law to have taken Its course back in 1597.
when he discovered that Buja had robtjed
him of $3000. Instead he listened to the
appeals of a tearful mother and his re
ward for his kindness Is the suit in which
he is charged with extortion.
In the latter part of July, 1597, Scatena
discovered that his bookkeeper, Buja, had
gone wrong. The young man learned that
his employer suspected him, and to pre
vent an investigation of his accounts took
his books one night and dumped them Into
the bay. Ills act was witnessed by a
watchman, who recovered the documents
and returned them the following day to
Scatena. As the watchman entered the
front door Buja went out the rear and
fled. The police were notified and his pic
ture and description were sent all over
the State with the result that he was ar
rested and lodged in the City Prison.
While he was In Jail, unable to secure
bonds, the mother visited Scatena and
voluntarily offered to pay him J3OOO if he
would not prosecute her son. At first
Scatena refused to accept anything, but
Mrs. Buja was so persistent and became
such a nuisance about his store that he
finally acceded to her proposition. She
paid him $1500 in coin and gave a mort
gage on her property for the balance and
the son was released from prison. She
now seeks to repudiate her debt to Sca
tena and »eeks to impugn his motives in
the bargain. The mortgage fell due a
short time ago and Scatena was forced
to commence foreclosure proceedings.
Charles Wesley Reed and Grove L. John
son are his attorneys.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALI/, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1900.
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
THE WORD
Is Used to Cover a Multi-
tude of Diseases.
(NEW YORK JOURNAL. MARCH ir. iooo.)
"Nowadays the word 'Rheumatism' is used to cover a multitude
of diseases. They are all allied by the common bond of what the phy-
sicians call 'urk acid poisoning' — an excess of uric acid in the biood.
and are. penerally speaking, 'kidney troubles"— with the real cause of
danger not so much in the aches and pains (the signals of distress given
out by the muscles and joints) as in the gradual vitiation of the blood
by the failure of the kidneys to eliminate the deadly poison, called 'uric
ncid,' from the 'physical economy.' This vitiation of the blood results
in 'rheumatism' (although it is a vague word), and a variety of symp-
toms which not infrequently end in what is called B right's disease — the
disease of which James G. Blair.e. Mr. Cleveland's great political rival,
died. It is the disease which medical authorities say is becoming more
and more alarmingly prevalent in the United States of America, espe-
cially among the thinking, planning and writing classes — the classes
made up of the kind of men that it is the fashion to call distinctively
'brainy men.' "
From the reading of intel'igently edited papsrs, and from exam-
inations for life insurance, the great public is rapidly learainp; the fact
that the human system becomes thoroughly poisoned whin the kid-
neys fail to do the work nature intended them to do, and that if not
speedily cured rheumatism, heart disease, Bright's diseas : and dsath
surely fo'low. The kidneys, ani they alone, purify the blood. Ton-
ics and s:-callcd spring medicines prove costly and miserable failures.
There is one scientific, vegetable sprcific for all kidney troubles — War-
ner's Safe Curt— a preparation with 21 years of succ;ss brhini it. A
positive cure fcr sick and tired-out kidneys. Not an experiment nor
a goad, but a soothing, harmlrss, yet conquering friend. Give it a
chance to-day to do you lasting good.
SAW EDGES
Are all right on saws, but people don't
care for them on their collars or cuffs.
Our careful methods give you perfect
work, which is shown in the beauty of
the finish and the immaculate color of
your linen when it is done up at the
United States Laundry. Offlo*
1004- Market Streat.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 614 Eleventh St
f^^kMw///^^^^
t
lIAI ArC^ nlC(lon Market t
r ALALE fitreet ln closs !'
M. n*jn.**Rj pro=lm , ty to bugl . (
AM ft neSS sectlon - "laces *
Alii' of amusement and t
- n , « T wv H"3 rooms, *
¦IKAW II w!th baths «»- \
UlYrtni/ tached. The largest '
ar.d fine' hotels '.a "
HAT' EI C" c v ' orld - Amerl-
nuicLj^ and Euro ° can \
7On the, morning session of the Bond Ex
change Contra Costa Water sold up to $65
and Hawaiian Commercial to $S6 50.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water sold
up to $65 50 and Market-street Railroad to
$63 EO.
There were fair sales of oil stocks, as will
be seen below.
The Savage Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents.
The Mutual Electric Company has declared
its seventh consecutive monthly dividend of 3
cents per share, payable on the 10th.
The Gas Consumers' Association will pay
a dividend of 15 cents per share this month.
Sales of bonds on the Bond Exchange during
the first three months ot the year were $1,315,
650, against $1, 551. 600 durine the same time in
ISW, and of stocks 135.553 shares, against 190,
611;
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNES
Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar c0up..114?4115
4s do rep 114"ill5->i
4s do ci> new.. 133*41344
3s do coup 110UU1
DAT, April 4—2 p. m,
Bid.Ask.
Cefat L & P... 4 44
Equit G L Co. 3*i 4
Mutual El Co. 12 13
O G L & H.... 464 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 —
Miscellaneous
Pac L Co — 45
Cal-st Cab 55. .117 —
C C Wat ss...lOo*ilOGi,i
Ed L & P 6«..12'j —
F & Cl Ry 65. .11 l —
Geary-st R ss. — 924
11 <: & s 545. — —
Do Ss 10") —
L A Ry is. ...1034 —
L A L Co Es.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd as.. — —
L A & P R 55.102% —
Market-st 6:«...12?iU —
Do Ist M 55. 116 —
NCN G R 7s. 10S —
N R of Cal 6s.H3»i —
N R of Cal 55.H44115H
N P C R R 65.1044 —
N P C R R 55. 1074 —
NCR R T,s. ...UU> —
Oak G L&HSs.IOSH —
Oak Tran 65... 1134"^
Oak W Co 55.. — 10S4
Oceanic S C0..105T,1064
Om C Ry 65.. .125 —
P & Cl Ry 65. .104 —
SF G & E.... 52 52' i
San Francisco. 44 4" s
Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund. 223 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 664
Bank of Ca1. .410 —
Cal S D & T..101?il03
First National — 290
Lon P & A.. ..132 —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L..1510 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Say U.. 810 —
Fay & I, So. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California ....120 122
Geary-st 60 —
Market-st Ry. RS% K?4
O S L & H... - 60
Presidio 15% —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 65.117 —
Sac LSc GR5s. !'O —
R F & SJV to.:»H —
S Ry of Cal 65.1154 —
S P RRofA 65.11? —
S P C 65(1905).105*i —
Do (1906) ....110 —
Do (1912) .... — —
Do Ist eg ss. — —
S P Br 69 12""i —
S V Water 6s. 1144115
Do 4? 104 104« i
S V W 4s(3dm)lo2!ilo3^
Stktn Gas 65. .100 103
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. fis 65%
>tavin County. — —
Spring Valley. oo\i 95%
Gas * Electric—
Cent G L Co.. — —
Powder Stocks-
California 150 155
Giant Con Co.. $64 874
Vlgorit 34 3%
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co. 9 S\
Haw C & S Co 86% —
Honokaa 8 Co. 324 32%
Hutch S P Co. 26H 2fi»i,
Kilauea 3 Co.. 21* i 224
Makawell S Co 4?»; —
Dnomea S Co.. 27»4 2S>4
Paauhau S Co. 304 314
Miscellaneous —
Al Pnck Assn.HS4l2o
Cal Fruit Asn. — 102 Vi
Mer Xx Aspn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. 94« i 97
Pae AF A 2 —
Pac C Bor Co. ISO —
Pnr Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board—
145 Contra Costa Water «5 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... 86 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S6 50
ISO Honokaa S Co 32 124
20 Hutchinson S P Co 26 374
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 75
205 Makawell 4S 374
CHICAGO. April 4.— CATTLE— Receipts. 11,.
500; generally 10c higher. Natives, best on sale
to-day. $5 SO; Rood to prime, steers, $5®S SO: poor
to medium. M 25i54 90; selected feeders. $4 20®
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 10' i 6 9*i
Closing 6 10U 5 9%
PARIS.-
Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 20 70 2195
CloFlng ;o 70 21 95
Flour— ; ."•'.;¦ ;-:;
Opening 27 20 27 TO
Closing 27 20 27 SO
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 4. — May corn opened He to
44jHc over Monday, at 39Htf40c. sold to 414 c.
the highest price since May. 1535, and closed
strong am', buoyant, I"»'ff2c Improved, at 41He.
Thfre was a clamor for July as well as May.
and contrary to recent practice, the shipping
bids followed the advance. There was profit
takint at times and some heavy pocketing of
losses by -horte. It was expected that offer
ings, which were light early, would be more
free over 40c, but the market passed that flg
ufe with its fractional additions' with scarcely
a tremor. There seemed to be no leadership—
Just a iAfc scramble for com. The news influ
ences were the Liverpool advance, serious dam
age by floods in Argentine and the usual coun
try offerings. At 4!c offerings for profit were
mure liberal and the price fell back to 40?»c,
but the market shot up again to 414 c, closing
shortly after this point was touched.
May pork opened I'Ciiioc over Monday, at $13®
13 30. sold to Jl3 4i. the highest price since 1594,
eased off on profit-taking to $13 10, and cloyed
4 r .c improved, at $13 20. Fluctuations in lard
and ribs were less wide. May lard closed 24c
up.
May ribs closed 27»ic better. As in corn, the
session was one of great activity and strength.
An advance in hogs of 20c since Monday, the
bullish showing of stocks and the upward trend
of corn were the main influences. There was a
heavy demand from commission houses and
packers and shorts were compelled to do a deal
of covering.
As a speculative market wheat broke Its own
record for a year, so those In the pit said. The
trade was excited— the pit crowded, but the
general feeling In the sufficiency of stocks to
meet all demands was such that the excitement
did not approach the wlldness apparent In corn
and provisions. May opened He higher, at f>lt 2
Cc67He, influenced hy higher cables of damages
to crous In 1-Yance. Largely tinder the influ
ence of the corn and provisions strencth the
market rallied to Cs,'ic. The bulge met proflt
taking and May eased back to 67^4c, but stead
ied and closed strong, »«Sv»c improved, at 6Sc.
St. Louis and the lucal talent were both short
and had to cover.
There was t)--e same experience in oats as in
the other markets— a seneral demand being
enouzh to overshadow all else. One hundred
thousand bushels were reported sold for ex
port. The strength In the neighboring pits was
the chief influence. May closed **©lc over
Monday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
September 69'-i 70 69' i 69Ti
April ei\
May 67H 68^4 67\4 68'
July 63 69% 6S*« 63»i
Corn No. 2—
April 40s;
May 40 414 35% 41>S
July 40T4 424 40», 42V»
September 41% 42? i 41 42%
Oat« No. 2—
May 24H 254 24H 254
July 24'; 254 24H 25« i
September 24 24 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 13 00 13 45 13 00 13 20
July 12 50 12 S5 12 50 12 524
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May .....6 724 «75 6 674 670
July 6SO 6 824 675 6SO
September 650 690 6 524 6 874
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 680 6 924 6SO 6 92'^
July 6 75 fi ?5 « 75 « 85 "
September 6 S5 6 S5 6 SO 6 S5
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
ptmrfs: No. 3 sprlnsr wheat, 64tf67Hc; No. 2 red.
TogTOUc; No. 2 corn. 40!;c; No. 2 oats, 23141??
2<">o: No. 2 v.-hite, 27',2?j2Styc: No. 3 white. 27V§
2S'.ic: No. 2 rye, 5«c; No. 2 barley, 40#44c: No.
1 flaxe^ed. Jl r&; prime timothy seed. $2 2S#.
2 <0: mcRS pork, per barrel, S12 60^13 35; lard,
per 100 pouritis. $5 £9^6 75; short ribs sides
<1-0!=<0. Jfi SiB" lf>: dry Baited shoulder? (boxed).
•8 2".'?6 . r .P: short rlear ?ldo« fboxed). $7 15®
7 30; whisky, distillers 1 finished Roods, per sal-
Inn. Jl 2.',; sugars, cut loaf. 6c; granulated,
5.44.".
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flnur, Larreln 13.000 133.000
Wheat, bushels 178.000 817.000
Corn, bushels 717.000 C7S.00>
Oats, bushels S34.OOO 617,000
Rye. l.unhels 21.000 18.000
Barley, bushels 131,000 72.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery, ISSICe: dairy.
WTtZOc. Egss steady, 10@12c. Cheese firm, 12®
12c.
Charters
The A'ehs, llaur.a Ala, Planter and S. N. |
C*s-Je !3*l rr.erchar.iise for Honolulu; San- j
t:ago, rr.erchaniilse fir Hilo.
The Lakerrba ica<is lumber en the Sound for
Valptralso fcr orders, is.
Receipts of Coal.
Rece.!rts cf coal at this pert durtnr the first i
three months of the year were 553.140 tons, j
ejalr.st 80.0 tor.s during the same time In !
IStS. the leading tfescrlptlor-s being 1C3.1O) tons ;
from I'ugei Bound a^d 133,tH.\> from BrltiEh
Columbia.
Weather Report.
<32fth Meridian— PaciSc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 4—5 p. m.
The ttiO&mrtag are the s»ascnfil rainfalls to
£ate as compared with tboae of the same date
las; »easin, ar.i rainfall In the last twenty-f jur
tours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season Sea-on.
Eureka 0.09 44.10 31. IS
Ylei Bluff 0.00 20.C3 19.37
0.C9 IS.^ 1391
Far. Frar.clsco Trace 17.47 15. »S
Fresn 1.00 17.33 C.'i
lr.Zerenirncv O.« 2.78 1.16
fan Luis Oblspo 0."0 16.10 14.77
Lo# Aneei*t O.« E. 67 4.7>
Hmtt Dieso C.CI 2.SS 4J.S
Yum C.M 0.77 1.34
WEATHER CONPITK'NP AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Cl: minimum. 4S; nitan. 54.
The Ti-ather Is partly cloudy over the Pacific
-,!Oj*» txcept In Ariror.a, »here It is cloudy and
tr.:t att-!.:r.j,\ with enow falling In the moun
liiius. Ooufly «eati.er alto prevails over tfce
J!ucky Mountain 'region. Light showers are re-
I-orttrd Tnim the Washlnpton coact. Light rain
ha* fallen in Southern Arirona and quite
lieavy m the northern portion.
Tbe ; reHSOre has fallen slightly along the
lmmt-diatf cvat: aiid risen over the interior.
The t*-rr.;.eraiure has generally risen over
the country »est of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
v. ;;::;<! :r: California Thursday.
V< rn'&st made &t San Francisco for thirty
boors >-i.d:r.tr ii.lJnipht. April 0, 1S"«.>: .
Northern i'alifornia— Partly cloudy Thursday;
fr>-sh »wthwest wind.
Southern «?aiifornia— Partly cloudy Thursdaj .
fr-Mi northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
I • .:. Cloudy, probably with rain. Thursday.
Aril, na -Cloudy with light rain in the south
portion and enow in the north portion; Thur»
oay mirmcr.
.-an Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Xbtmda} ; :res h vest wind.
G. H. ttILLSON, Local Fcrecaot Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
-Yrti 1 York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 4— The stock market I
again r'-SVcted strong buying power to-day. !
order* f r stocks coming from widely separate
Man.-ri both by cable and telegraph. The ,
<!*r:aid showed a tendency to converge on j
a few stocks and strength raf shifted from I
nne croup tr, another. Prices turned back
fr._.m the highest level In the oas» of all the
active stocks under the influence of protit
laJuriK by the i.ro:es.«:<jnal room traders on
the day* advance. The sustaining force of
¦pedal stocks was available ottot to take profits :
<,r. stocks which have already enjoyed a no
table advance. The market was almost en
tirely relieved from any depressing factor in
the shape of positive weakness in individual j
ntoclu. though some pressure was br-.u^ht to !
l*ar on Federal fit eel and People's Gas. The j
net rrs-l; Of the diy'fi traJing Is a higher ;
average of pries a.rvl an important digestion
of realizing sales without any material harm i
l>e:r.y a* :¦« tr, jiriwß. The movement in Perm- ;
ty'.var.ii v.as the m^M extensive in any In- j
dividual st >ok. No special news reached the •
public to account f<>r the movement and it !
waF attributed to the increase of funds made I
available f>:! stock market use ami the ao- j
cumulated evidences of the prosperity of the j
corr.pan> . Its recent Investment in the stocks
ot UaiUmore and • »hio. Cheeixix»ake and Ohio I
«n<l Norfolk and \Y< r-tern. Iwsides the advant- j
e^es g;v«»n in th» extended control of possible
cot&petitora evidently insur-s a gu-xi dirwt re
turn of the outlay in the shape of dividend?.
Itv-asonin*. liy analogy from the course of the i
Pennsylvania, company many rumors are cur- t
rent in the Stock Kxchanse of movements !
toward consolidation <>r raiiroaJf- In New York J
Ot-mra.l territory, one su< h. alleging the jja?*- !
ititz o* uMiUul Of the Krie. Reading and I.«e- 1
liiKh La il;e New York <>r.tral. was denied by i
lieading officials, and the early strength of the •,
ptocks cf">'n<»d rave way to sharp reaction, j
The rise in Chicago. Indianapolis, and Louis
ville and Lake nrl>-> and Western is due to the !
X'rf-valetit belief in the general policy of ex- \
tending control and influence on the part of ,
tr.<- great trunk lines. The mark-t strer.pth !
n( the Pacific stcks was largely due to-day |
frorr. abroad, the ouyirp for London account 1
aeain arbuminc irr.iiortant proportions. St. I
I'aul on the fourth week's statement of earn- I
lr.i:s ari<l several ocfaer railroad stocks on good j
«-ari:int:s were jxsitiis of strength, and Sugar.
t!.<> local traction Btocka and Tobacco showed 1
EO"<1 advances. Iteallxtny wma heavy in Balti
more and Ohio, People's O^s and on a lighter
*<*z.\r- in the At<~hi«i.ri stocks and nme others, j
Tie tirsal reaction of a p- lnt in Pennsylvania
fr • m tbe top level rbecked !he activity of the 1
market ; ; n.l the cl.jsis-41 was dull.
liuf!net>ft in the bund market was on a large
r-sl<-. Reading general 4? being takr-n In round
amounts. The buying was generally widely
dis-tjibutf-d st.d prices advanced. Total sales,
jar ulup, STi.TK,'**.
t'nif-d r?til»s refunding 2s. when icpued, 2s
< register* d>. old 4s a.nd Ss declined \i in the j
l)i<J price.
::i:w tork stock list.
Riares Closing '
6 >ld. Bid. I
i»,<ni Atchlson ::<>*, >
17. c 20 Atchison prefil 73: s I
Zt,£S* iialtimore & Ohio f5
<'»r»fllan Pacific 971;
".f 1 t'ana.ia Southern , r ,3U '
7-0 Chesapeake & Ohio 22\ •
2.CW) Chicntc" <:re»t We«tern .*. u\ j
&.VSS Cblcaro Kurllnjrton & Quincy 132'^
*.i.4i Chicaco lnd A Ixiuipville 27S !
E. 561 Cfaicaeo lnd & Louisville prefd 61
Chlcmco A^ KaFtfrn Illinois ldl
T7f. ChicaKo & Northwestern 164 U
V.S7O Cblcaco l'- r >ck Island & Pacific 113%
j . 4*ti> C C C & Hi Louis...: 64 T »
510 Coloralo Srtithern 7
C2O Colorado Bouttem l^t prefd 43
22. Oilorado Southern 23 prefd IS
K9 1 >'Ui ware & Hudson jig '
!.<J24 Ix-ianar' Lackawanna &. Western. 180>4 |
J.l"0 Denver & Kio Grande 22'n
"•W IVnver &. Rio Grande prefd 74' 4 ,
Krie 14 ]
¦&.455 Krie Ist prefd 43 1
C3O Great Northern prefd IC.'.'i
IOT HiK-t'fnar Oca! ]<.>.
M» Jlorklng Valley 37
2.110 Illinois Crmral Ugi,
2.C20 li.wa Central IS'i i
t<io Ir.ua Central rrefd r.S«Z I
60!) Kansas Oty Pittshurg * Gulf l?»* j
4.J1V.0 I>ak» »:rie & Western CS\
l(ii Kakr Ktie i: Western prefd *«; j
Ukr Phore 200
to:* Ixiulsville & Nafhville hn^
1..77» Manhattan Elevated H'^
f.SiO Metropolitan F'rtet Railway 1-34
Mexican Centra! 13S i
4.100 Mir.neapoll* & St l>ou!» r.s\ 1
TSm a:innea|K)ll? & Ft Louis prefd !"iV I
5.420 MijiKOurf Pacific 4?t^ j
4W yr,bi> & Ohio 47
Missouri Kansas & T"xai? nl^n 1^ ;
l.T.<> MiPßOuri Kansas &¦ Texas prefd Si'- !
3.«20 New Jt-mr-.y Central lISI4 j
M,7li New York central l?.f\
C2.OW» Norfolk & We F tern... X,\
Norfolk & Western prefd 76
CI.TiS Northern Pacific f.t\i,
1«5 Northern Pacific prefj 77H I
*k.:< •¦Man-, A Western IS*]
Or»con Mailway & Nay 42-
Ort-pnn rtai;-.vay & Nay prefd 76 I
J54.341V Pennsylvania I<fWi
S.f-r; Uradlng 2Q\
»,46) Ileaiing Ist prefd C 4?»
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Harry ~V. Goodall to George H. Hauerken.
lot on SW corner of Stelner and McAllister
streets S 5J> by W 106; $10.
Rudolph Nipper to Mary A. Nipper (wife), un
divided half interest in lot on S line of Green
wich street. US E of Baker. E 24 by 3 120; gift.
Jennie Fisher (by S. C. Blgeiow and A. A.
Smith (trustees) to Savings and Loan Society.
ICB d IS3 lot on E line of Ashbury street. 721:2
S of Frederick. *" 50. E 130, NE to a point. W
180 (trustees' deed); $2000.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Morris Sim
inoff, lot on SW corner of Waller and Pierce
streets, S 85 by W 47. block 3. Marlon Tract
(Hospital Ix)t);*$10.
Mary Dfscal-o to Luca Descalso. lot on W*
line of Howard street. 260 N of Sixteenth, N 30
by W 125; $10.
D. N. Haxvley to George T. Hawley. let on
NE corner of Twenty-first and Stevenson
streets. E 33 by N 85; gift.
Jane KeJly (Widow) to Isabella H. Gilbert
(wife of W. S.). lot on S line of Thirteenth
street. 74 E of Waller, E 24 by S 100: $10.
James Healy to Adele Fasathey. lot on N line
of Day street. 101:9 >.' of Douglass, W 25 by N
114; $1.
Albert Arents to Luigl Cademartorl. lot on N
line of Jackson street. 65:6 E of Mason, E 23 by
N 74; 137C0.
Denis Donahue to Margaret Donahue, lot on
N line of Natoma street, 368:6 NE of Second,
NE II by NW 75; gift.
Mary R. Wall to Peter J. Smith, lot on W
line of Arkansas street, 325 N of Sierra, N 25
by W ICO; $415.
William anil Jennie Helblng to Harry H.
Grant, lot on W line of Kansas street, 90 N of
Nineteenth (Butte). N 25 by W 100; $10.
Flora and Stephanie Hess, Ida Goldschmidt.
Leontlne Oppenheimer. Adele Karpeles, Alice
Leifmann anJ Evelyn and Martha Livingston
to Emma Livingston, estate of Frank Living
ston; $10. '
Hessie McKee Scott to Solomon Getx. lot on
N line of California street, 57:6 E of Twenty
third avenue. X 25 by N 100; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Mary
Griffith, lot IS. plat 5, Templar section Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery; J265.
Alaxneda County.
T. W. and Joscfa N. Harris to Francisco
Costa, lot 6S. Nevis Tract. Town of Pleasanton.
Murray Township; $10.
Frank Alvord to Elizabeth Bryant, lot 3.
block J, Bay View Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Thomas Ledgett to John W. Ledgett. lot on
S line of Fourth street. IPO W of Castro, W
60 by S 100. being lets 12 and 13. block 25; gift.
William H. Hebard to G«orge W. Wheaton.
lot on W line of Pleasant Valley avenue. 150
N of Sunny Slope. W 132 by N 25. being lot 7,
block C. map of Sunny Slope. Oakland; $0.
George W. Austin to Christine J. Cameron,
lot on NW corner of Twenty-flrst avenue and
East Twenty-sixth street, N 140 "by W 102:«.
belne lots 23 to SI, block 89. map of lots In
Brooklyn. East Oakland: $10.
O. L. Shafter Estate Company (corporation*
to John C. Merrlam. lot on SE corner ot Chan
nlng way and Bowdltch street. S 50 by E 125,
being lot 1 and N 6 feet of lot 2. map of Shafter
property, and being a portion of block 8. Col
lege Homestead. Berkeley; $2000.
George W. Beaver to Mary M. Bea\-er. lot on
5 line of Bancroft way. 500 E of Dana street.
E 104. 82 by S 130. being lots 11 and 12. block
A, Beaver Tract. Berkeley: rift.
J. L. and Mary C. Barker to Emily A. Wig
gin, lot on NE corner of Channlnc way and
Mllvia street. E 42:6. N 130. W 34. S to begin
ning, being a portion of lot 25. block 2, Barker
Tract, Berkeley: $100.
George K. Fitch (trustee of the estate of Har
riet A. Simons) to Mary P. Murfey. all Inter
est In lot on N line of Railroad avenue. 138:7*1
E of Eighth street. E 50 by N 150. being lot 1«.
block B. mnp of property of E. B. Mastlck.
AlanWa: $1500.
Kate M. Rlehl to Frank A. Louis. lot on SE
line of Fountain street. 100 NE of Monroe. NE
f.6:04 by SE 100. being lot 16 and a portion of
lot 15. block SI. Alameda; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, the N 40
feet of subdivision B. lot 59, map of Alameda
Park. Alameda: $10.
Charles E. and Emily A. Wiggin to Jame*
L. Barker, lot on W line of Fftllon street. 100
6 of Seventh. S 25 by W 100. being lot 17. block
133, map of Dillon property. Oakland: $100.
Isaac and Marsaret E. Coneland to Clara
Hare (wife of Q. A.), lot on S line of Isabella
street. IS W of San Pablo avenue. W 42 by S
CT:2',i. being portions of lots 3. 4 and 5. map of
Gunn Tract. Oakland: gift.
Ellen S. and Ralza R. Morse to Henry C. and
Cornelia M. Zehner, lot on N line of Bancroft
way. 450:8 W of Shattuck avenue, W 47.43 by
N 134.63. Berkeley: $100.
George and Mary Newman to W. E. Boody.
lot on S line of Delaware street. 100:5 W of
Hamilton. W 70. S 134:6. E 1«1:4, N 35. W 53:6.
N 99:9 to besrlnnlng. belr.e portions of ranges
9 and 10. Hardy Tract. Berkeley; $10.
S. D. Avers to Jane. E. Herrmann (wife c'
Andrew), lot on SW corner of Oregon and Grore
streets. "W IC2. S 49. E 97, N 50 to beginning,
being a portion of plat SS. Rancho V. and D.
Peralta. Berkeley; $100.
Joseph A. I^eonard Company (corporation) to
Alameda Pavings Bank, lot on E line of Chapin
street. 100 S of Pacific avenue. E 73 by S 50.
being the W half of lots 9 and 10. block 2.
Chapin Tract. Alameda (Note— This deed Is
given in consideration of satisfaction of n mort-
jrage made by Peter NeilFon to the Alameda
Savings Bank and recorded In 531 M. 3S1): J2SI.
John M. and Manuellta T. English to A. J.
Snyder. lot on SW corner of Thirty-second
street and Telegraph avenue. W 136.55. S 180,
E 134. N 115.C3 to beginning, being lots 3. 4
and 5 and portion of lot 2. block 2P3fi. Row
land Tract, subject to a mortgage for $4*oo.
Oakland; $10.
Edward and Rosetta Metztrer to Henry Homes
Smith, lot on W line of Summit street. 130 N
of Prospect avenue. N 75. W 125 73. S 7T.. E
I3.CS to beginning, being lot 23 and N half of
lot 22. McClure Academy Grounds, Oakland;
$4750.
H. H. SkelUnj- to George E. Pratt, lot on S
line of Evt>y aye. or Fortieth st.. 150 E of West
street. E 100 by S 100. portion of lota 4. 5 and
6. Quint Tract. Oakland: $10.
John F. and Maria S. Dincwell to Realty
Syndicate (a corporation), San Francisco, lot
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty Jays — $4 534
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7V*
I Sterling Cables — 4 SS'i
J New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
I Fine Silver, per ounce — h3\
Mexican Dollars 454 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Chicago opened dull and easy, but
advanced on better foreign advices. Broom
; hall cabled unfavorable news from France and
i damage to the Argentine crop by continued
I rains.
I The local market was firm, but dull, with a
I BllKht improvement in futures.
! Spot W heat— Shipping, s6 I ;'tf974c; milling,
is\tn oivi.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
9?c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls. 9sc;
December— 22, OCK>, $1 064.
' Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a dull
market.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 653724 c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, So<&
S74c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon "Session— No sales.
OATS— Dullness rules and quotations stand
as before.
White. $1 l'^ffl 30; Red. Ssc@Jl 174: Gray.
Jl 0745il IS; Black. S74c@Jl 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at Jl 05!g'
1 074 per ctl and Eastern \ellow at Jl@l 10;
mixed, Jl 05<al 074 per ctl.
RYE— a74c4jsl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. J3 60^3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2i.(g3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Ktoe Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 JOSS 50; Buck
! wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
I Farina. $4 i.O; Whole Wheat Fiour, $3 50;
I Rolled Oats (barrels). $6(&7 25; in tacks, to 75®
7; Pearl BarWy. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed Stuffs.
Bran Is quoted at unchanged prices. There
Is nothing new In Hay.
BRAN— JI2©I3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JI6!"fI9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF'S— RoIIed Barley. *1f.<?17 per
ton: oilcake Meal at the mill. J'.'6'527; jobbing.
J2T r-OffiCS; Cocnanut Cake. $20921; Corn Meal.
JJ3 :>CK.i 24 ; Cracked Corn. $24'<i24 su; Mixed Feed.
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. J7'{i9 for common to good; J9 10
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
?6 10&S; Oat. $6sjs; Barley. Js(g7; Alfalfa. Wcf
7 &0 ocr ton.
STRAW— 25®3cc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The situation stands the same and trade Is
quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $3®3 25: small White. $3 25®
3 50: large White. J3 20fr3 25; Pink. J2*}2 S5; Red.
J3 5063 75; Blackeye, J4 50; Butters, nominal;
Lima. $5 25; Pea. J3 4»«3 50; Red Kidneys, J3 50
m.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard,' nominal; Yellow
Mustard. iWiH\c: Flax, Jl 90&2 20; Canary,
3Vc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. SfSaOe; Rape. 24fc3c; Hemp, 4Q4Hc;
Timothy. 4?i 14<".
DRIED PEAS— Niles. Jl 90^2 2"; Green, Jl 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices for everything stood about the same
yesterday. Supplies of all kinds were ample
and the market was weak as a rule.
Receipts were 1261 boxes Asparagus, 746 boxes
Rhubarb, 553 sacks Peas and 117 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65i5?75c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks. 40-fj'6sc per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 63cQ$l: Sweet Potatoes. Jl SJ@2 25
for Merced: New Potatoes, lig2c.
ONIONS— J2 7*^3 25 per ctl for good stock. .
VEGETABLEH-Rhubarb. 50cig$l 25 per box;
Asparagus. 60-.-SJI per box for No. 2 and Jl 25^
1 50 for No. 1 und Jl 75 for fancy large; Green
Peas, llgl 75 per sack: String Beans. 4 99 c;
Cabbage. 4C'<j-<Sc: Tomatoes. $1 I^2; Egg Plant I
from Lor Angeles. ('.{jlC'o: Dried Okra, 324 c per
lb: Garlic, IViQV&ei Green Peppers from Los
Anireles, 10620 c; Dried Peppers. SI/lOc; Cm-rots.
255?..' c per sack: Los Angeles Summer Squash.'
75c<SJl per box; Cucumbers, 60c(2Jl 25 per
Poultry and Game. . !
j Supplies of Eastern are light at the moment
and t^e market Is firm in consequence. Game
is dull and nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9ftllc for Gobblers
and 12©13 c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2@2 25:
Gosling*. $2 25@2 75: Ducks. $4 50{?5 50 for old
and $4 5C@5 50 for young; Hens, J3 50ig5; Young
Roosters, J6® 7; Old Roosters. J3 50@4; Fryers.
$5 50g6; Broilers, $4g5 for large and J3®3 60 for
small; Pigeons. Jl 7.">1i2 per dozen for old and
$1 75©2 for S<iuabs
GAME- Hare. Jl; Rabbits. $I@l 23; Gray
Geese. $2^2 50; White. 50c: Brant. 75c@$l 50;
Honkers, per dozen; English Snipe. J2 50;
Jack Snipe. Jl 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter If coming in heavily and the market
is weak. Receipts from Humboldt ara steadily
increasing. Cheese Is weak and In largo sup
tiy.
In spite of the free receipts of Eggs the mar
ket ts steady. It Is In a curious condition at
the moment. Some dealers quote an advance
to IS<\ while others are storing their surplus,
being unable to get 15c for the bulk of their
stock.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 17@17%c; seconds,
ICSI64C.
Dairy— Fancy, 16c: good to choice. 15@15Vac;
common, 14c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 7%c; old, 7c-
Young America, S©9c; Eastern. 15lg>16c; West
ern. 134015 c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@13%c for store and 143
15c per dozen for ranch, with 18p quoted by
some dealers. •
Deciduous and Citrus i Fruits.
Two cars of Oranges sold at auction as fol
lows: Fancy Navels. 11 8*32 20; . choice do,
Chicago Grain Market.
14.3£5 Reading Id prefd 34 j
Rio Grande Western f'3^i ;
£00 Rio Grande Western prefd 90 j
St Lou!s & San Fran 1H» j
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 714 •
1,200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 37S 1
1,2 -30 ft Louis Southwestern IIH j
5.4:0 Pt Louis Southwestern prefd 32
f,460 St Paul 126
ICO St Paul prefd 1T24
St Paul & Omaha 110 !
25,?75 Southern Pacific 454 j
8 725 Southern Railway 15 j
9.T20 Southern Railway prefd 60»i j
410 Texas & Pacific 17 s * •
99.535 Union Pacific 52 s * !
14,550 T'n'.on Pacific prefd 'H
Wabash ~K ,
B. WO Wabash prefd 22^
tOO Wheeling & Lake Erie 11 s * j
i.VO Wheeling & Lake Erie Zd prefd 31 T ,
200 Wisconsin Central 13
Kxpress Companies—
:00 Adams 116 >
American 145
I'r.lted States 4S
\\>,!s Fargo 124 j
M is. re : 1 a r.eou s —
1.420 American Cctt<n Oil SO 7*7 * ;
American Cotton Oil prefd 95 1 * |
American Malting <S ;
American Malting prefd 224 |
750 Am Smeitlng & Re!;nir.g 40 1 * :
1.000 Am Smelting & Refining prefd S?^
. American Spirits 22 1 -*
AmerlcsJi Spirits prefd 17
SCO American Steel Hoop 33 |
ICO American Pteel Hooo prefd SI
10.170 American Steel & Wire f&% i
£63 American Pteel & Wire rrefd 90", I
TOO American Tin Plate 334 '
000 Ameri.-nn Tin J'late prefd «4 j
15.f1') American Tobacco I P 7
American Tobacco prefd 18514 ,
2.la* Anaoon^a Mining Co B4H :
3S.'SS Brooklyn Rar^d Transit 72"* !
2.ifO Colorado Fu*-1 i Iron 4S\ i
11. '.20 Continental Tobacco 32^ ;
;00 Continental Tobacco prefd S<4 j
33.940 I>.3eral Steel 4SVj, !
7.1.21 Keriera! Steel pref'J 734
i-70 General Electric 131
Glucose Sugar 53
Glucose Sugar prefd 9SM
International Paper 214
"W International Paper rrefd 65
lf>fl Ijnc]e<if Has 75
150 National Biscuit 2"4 ]
National BISCUtt rr^fd M \
National I>>ad "ii '¦
National \^3l>\ preM K'4> t j
400 National Steel 4»4 ;
210 National Pteel prefd 94 j
100 New York Air Brake 2S •
2.117 North American l^S
KSS Pacific «'^a«t E2 l ;
Pa-iflc C.-.ast 3Ft prefd S4 |
Pacific O*.-=t 2d rrefd 63
€-n Pacific Mall «" !
10.720 People's Gas " n 7-Si I
Prpssei Pteel Car BIH I
l.lrt Prised Pteel Par prefd S3» t |
Itillman Palace Car I*3 i
V<n Stanrtard Rope & Twine 7 1
41.150 Sugar '. lOStf |
Pudar rrefd 1^
1.710 Tenne^'ee (Vial i- Iron 9'.\ \
2.Va> T'nited Ptat"= leather 12\ !
1.297 United States I^sther preM 73%> |
I.W United State* Rubber 314 I
14" United States Rubber prefd !*4 |
1.42". Western Union 534 '
sr.n Republic Tron & Stf-e! On 22 '
22." Fiepuhllc Iron & Steel Co prefd 6,%* i !
P C C & St Ix>ul= 6?
250 Third Avenue 103
MS.G'Y) Shares Bold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refdg 2s. when | Do 4s P3"i '
Issued 103 NY C lsts 110%
Do 2s re* 10014 N J C gen 5s 123--, !
Do 3h reg lO»4|N <"arollna (if 1244 !
I>o 3S3 S coup IWH4 Do 4s 100 :
Do new 4s ree...lS3? 4 N Pacific 3s fS*,~
Do new 4« c0up..133'« Do 4s l'H^t !
Do o!d 4>> reg 114 V NYC& St L 45.. 106 j
Do old 4s c0up... 114V N & W con 4s P>4 |
Do M re-g 114 ; IVi gfr. 6s 133 :
Do Is coup 114 :Or Nay lsts 110 1
Dist of Col 3.C05...U3 I Do 4s 1044 !
Atchlson gen ta.".loo%{Or Short Line 65..127»i'
Do adj 4s M"» Po con 5s 11l |
Canada So 2<ls l*"» Rrattlt'.p pen 4a ??•* ;
Ches & Ohio 44s. .I'*"* X G W lsts M'»
Do :, s i?>4 St L &- I M con 55. 11 l ¦
Chi &N W con 7s. 142 St L& S F gen 65.120 ;
Do S F deb te.*r.l22-4 ?t Paul cons 171
Oilcago Term 45.. i"7 ?t PC & P lsts..lK'H i
D& H G l.«ts T«4 Do r.s 12)4
r>o 4s "... Wi'So Railway ss» 113 ;
E T V & G lsts...K'lV Stand R & Tts.... 72
Erie gen 4s 75 iTer.n new set 35... P5Vi 1
V W ft I) <: l»ts... 724 Tex & Pac L5t5. ..,1144 I
Gen Electric 5s 120 : Do 2ds "8 !
GH&S A €« 110 C Pacific 4s I%'k |
I>o 2ds 10S ,Waba.«h lsts II7U :
II & T <* 5s lln ! Do 2ds I'l2 :
Do con 6s IOS -West Shore 4s 1144 I
Jnwa Cent lsts 114 |\Vi.« Central lsts... 93 1
X «' P & G ls's... 74%|V« Centuries 90W
!-a new con 4s I'JS D.'Tdefcrred 54 j
LX- S unl 4? IW 0010 &So 4s S4-; t
>1 K& T 2ds 69 Is Pacific Is S5 j
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 13 Ontario 8 SS '•
Crown Point IS fiphir 83
con Cal & Va 1 V) Plvmomh 10 !
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 1 7.1 ,
Gould & Curry 1? Do prefd gOO ;
Hale & Norcross... I! Sierra Nevada 50'
Homestake 53 W Stan<lar<l 3 I." !
Iron Silver C". Union Con 16 j
Mexican 22 Yelolw Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ,I'nlon T^ind Ili
Call loans 34 44|Wfst End 93
Time 'nans 4 ©5 I Wisconsin Central. 19
Stocks— I Bonds—
At«h T & St Fe... 2V-; : AUliison 4s 100
Do prefd 73V«;N E Gas & Coke 5s 704 1
American Sugar 10S i Mining Shares —
Do prefri IC*4| Art\-enture 5H
Bell Telephone 3M 'Allouez Mm C 0.... 2*i
Koi*ton & Albany.. 24."> .Amalg Copper M 4 !
IV.s-ton & Maine. ..l?-4 'Atlantic 254 j
Chi B & Q 1224 ! 805t0n & Montana. 3C>
Dominion Coal 4S 'Butte & Boston 83
IX) prefd 1144iCalurr.et <fc Hec!a..7.".3 !
F*-<3<>ral Steel •!? 1 « Centennial 24 I
Do prefd 734: Franklin 17 '
Fitrhburc prefd.. .l32 Illumholdt 1
General Electric. .. lSO 4" Opreo'.a 724 j
Do prefd 136 iParrr.t K1&
E. 3 Elec 111 2CI iQu'ncy 137 1
Mexican Central... 134 Pta I-'e Copper 6% j
N E Gp.s & Coke... I^4 Tamarack 103 ;
Old Colony 2"6 :Utah Mining SS%4
<">]<j Dominion 24 IWlnona S*, ]
Rubber 32 1 Wolverines 424 I
Union Pacific M%j
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 4— Money on call, steady.
at 3Q4 per cent; last loan. 3 per cent: prime
mercantile paper. 44£ i" 1 4 per cent. Sterling ex
chance firm, with actual business in bankers' j
bills at $4 Se^^M tG\ for deman.l and nt J4 S2«i j
<ili S2"»c for sixty days; posted rates. H fc34'^
J4 S4 and U S7: commercial bill?, Jt t>2V«<g'4 S2\.
Silver certificates. 6(! l ifr/61Vic; bar silver, C9Sc;
Mexican dollars. 47*-« c. Government bonus,
w^ak; State bonds, stronz ; railroad bonds,
stroric-
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 4— To-day's statement
ft the Treasury balances, exclusive of the $150.
000.OiQ £old reserve shows: Available cash bal
ance. J157.375.E72; gold. J95.455.21i.
London Market.
NEW TORK. April 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Ixjndon financial cablegram says:
In the markets here activity began to re
vive to-day, particularly In Americans. There
was a good ceneral tone, but the Eai>ter holi
days nre too near for a sustained movement.
Americans began bullish. Baltimore and
Ohio was below New York's Eensational parity,
but steadily Improved and 1% and {4 was given
for calls on Baltimore and Ohio to end in
May. There was a strong House tip to buy
Union Pacific and Northern Pacific. New
York continued Its buying In the afternoon,
raui>lnr a buoyant finish near the top. Lon
don followed this lead, but not very actively.
There was. however, a distinct Improvement.
Tlntos ecored a new record at 60c. Ana
condas rympathized up to 1114.
No cold went out or came In.
Money «¦<! «.isy. The larc» sum due the
E Market-street Railway £3 r?
50 Paauhau S P Co *f £;
140 Pacific Gas Imp °J XA
50 S F Gas & Electric Co g nn
$1,000 Sierra Ry of Cal £s bonds 1U w
Street— ..
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 £
$6,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 11* 0°
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water *? 22
10 Contra Costa Water « Jii
15 Contra Costa Water, b 5 e f 3. i
25 Contra Costa, Water, b 30 »•> *' a
$10,000 Contra Costa Water bonds lth CO
50 Equitable Gas * 15
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S6 00
20 Kilauea Sugar P Co •} '•*
$I.OCt» Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 103 R.' a
130 Makawell £> •>:' =
10 Market-street Railway 63 3. '»
60 Market-street Railway 63 s">
$2,000 N P C R R 5s bonds 10' 2->
10 Onomea Sugar Co i *S 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co o2 P0
$2,000 S P Branch Ry 6s bonds 126 00
Street—
650 Honokaa S Co 32 12' i
$5,000 Oceanic S S bonds 106 00
C 23 Paauhau S P Co. 30 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board—
2M Anaconda *'
200 Anaconda °°
100 Barker Ranch 1 " i
100 Stella 63
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda 3"
100 Barker Ranch 1 I 5
100 Home Oil. s 30 3 60
MINING STOCKS.
The following 1 , were th* sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester- !
day:
Morning Session.
2Cfl Andes 12 600 Gould * Curry 1%
100 Best & Belcher 31 SPO Mexican i* 1
50 Caledonia 105 200 Savage 1*
100 Chollar IS 400 Union Con IS
250 Con Cal & Va..l 60 sr>o Utah 12
200 Con Cal & Va..l 53 SCO Yellow Jacket. 15 ,
100 Crown Point... 22,
Afteraoori Session.
200 Belcher 21 EOO Ophir 83
200 Best & Belcher 30 100 Ophir S2 !
100 Best & Belcher 31 100 Potost Hi
100 Ccn Cal & Va..l 60. 3C? Po'.osi 17 j
100 Crown Point... 20 300 Sierra Nevada. 34 1
200 Gould & Curry 16, 100 Union Con 19 1
200 Hale & Norc... 25; 100 Union Con 20 \
100 Justice 05! 200 Utah 12
300 Mexican 23: 300 Yellow Jacket. 13
100 Occidental 12 1
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con 05 2CO Gould & Curry 18
300 Best & Belcher 32 300 Ophir 87
300 Beat & Belcher 31 3CO Ophir SS
100 Caledonia 103 200 Ophir S4
200 Challenge Con. XII 300 Overman 22
100 Con Cal A Va..l 60 ! SCO Overman 21
4CO Con Cal & Va..l 53 i 3CO Sierra Nevada. 53
1100 Gould & Curry ISi
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha Con 05! 300 Con Cal & Va..l 60
200 Alta 07; 2fO Gould & Curry 13!
POO Alta 06. 200 Gould & Curry 17 !
2f«) Belcher 30 ; 3tO Hale & Norc... 2.'>
7'»* Belcher 31' IIVI Mexican 23
400 Best & Belcher 31 ! sn»' Mexican 2t
3f.0 Caledonia 9»j 200 Ophir 82
100 Caledonia 9311100 Ophir :.. S4 |
£00 Chollar 17|200Potosl 17 i
20") Con Cal & Va..l 55 300 Savage 13
400 Con Cal & V.I 57% 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 55
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 4—4 p. m. j
Bid.Ask. Justice 05 06 1
Bid.Ask. Kentuck 01 C 2 j
Alpha 04 05 Lady Wash 05 — 1
Alta 06 OS Mexican 22 24
Andes 12 13 Occidental 11 13
Belcher SI 32 Ophir 82 !>3 |
Best & Belcher. 31 3; Overman 20 21 |
Bullion 03 04,Potosl 17 IS;
Caledonia 95 — I Savage 11 13'
Chollar 17 18 Scorpion — 02 i
Challenge Con. 20 2S,Seg Belcher 04 05 |
Confidence — SOJSierra Nevada. 63 54 |
Con Cal & Va..l 55 160 Silver Hill 11 —I'
Ccn Imperial... 01 C2iSt Louis — 12
Con New York 02 — Standard 305 —
Crown Point... 1!) 20 Syndicate — 12 j
Exchequer 02 04 Union Con IS 20 '
Gould & Curry IS KlT'tah 11 12,
Hale & Norc... 22 244 Yellow Jacket. 13 13 j
Julia — o:si
on NE corner of Cypress and Twentieth streets,
N 263:5 by E 339:6. Oakland; $10.
Charles and Fanny Kuhn to Carrie B. Jurr.p.
lot on E line of Bray avenue. U'>.s2 S of Tobier
street S 5S by E 120, being lots 30 and 31.
Lamp' Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. XT. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
The^time' ball' on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I c at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich Ume, ££^ g
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in chars*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-.
Ttmes and Heights of High ana Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th- Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low waters oc<™? at
the citv front (Mission-street wharf) abou:
twer.ty-nve minutes lat«r than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at T>otrt places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morninz tides are given In the let
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day tn the order of occurrence as to time. Th
seconri time column gives the second tiae c.
the day, the third time column the third tid«
and the las: cr rizht hand column gives th«
last tiile of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are in addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number (riven la subtracted from
the (I«>pth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW TORK. April 4 —FLOUR— Receipts,
52.914 barrels: exports, 576S barrels; fairly ac
tive and firmly heM; Minnesota patents, $3 70®
4; winter straits, $3 40Q3 60; winter extras,
$2 SZ'pZ 95.
WHEAT— Receipts, 42.5.V) bushels; exports,
13,3."4 bushels: spot rm: No. 2 red, 80Hc f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 77^»c, elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 78\c f. o. b. afloat, prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth. SO'ic f. o. b. afloat, prompt.
Options were generally Btrong with a few and
unimportant exceptions, reaching the highest
point of the season. Foreigners ¦ bought freely
anj local demand was actively stimulated by
firm cables, damage reports from India and
France and the strength in corn and provis
ions. Closed firm, H^^c net advance; May,
74 7-lC2'7sv*c, closed at 74"» c; July, 74 l-16ig'75 l ic,
closed at 74?ic; September, 74jj@75*ic, closed
at 75^c.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 7\c:
No. 7 jobbing, BV,c; mild, market quiet; Cor
dova. SVi-(jl4c. The market for futures closed
steady at net unchanged prices to 10 points
advance. Total sales, 15.000 bags, including
May. $6 65; July, $4 tia">6 70: August. $6 70; Sep
tember, $6 SO; October, $6 85: November, $6 S5;
December, $7 0J5j~7 10- February. $7 20.
SUGAR— Raw quiet but firm; refined irregu
lar.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4000: steady; Western
creamery. lSil2lc: factory, 17glSi-ic.
EGGS— Receipts, 19,517 packages; steady:
Western at mark. 11*4^11 V-c: Southern, 11®
U**c. '
DRIED FRUITS
Nothing in the way of new business trans
pired in evaporated apples to-day. The mar
ket, however, holds steady. Prices about un
changed.
STATS EVAPORATED APPLES^Common.
4lygse:4 I yg5e: prime, sVg6c; choice, 7@7Vic; fancy.
CALIFORNIA PRIED PRUNES-3U£7 C per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. IS'allk-: Moorpark. lS'glSc.
PEACHES-^Peeled. lSfi^c; unpeeled. "H&9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 4.— The metal market was
irregular and business fair. Copper reacted
about 50 points from yesterday's advance, but
continued firm In tone. The decline was due
generally to unfavorable cables from London.
The close was firm at $17.
Tin also eased off a partial 15 points on lib
eral offerings, closing barely steady at $31 7i.
Spelter, however, continues to gain strength
on the good export movement, advancing 5
points to H G."jf(4 70, closing Firm in tone.
Pisiron warrants were quiet.
Lead ruled quiet all day. closing unchanged
at $4 C 7 's bid ami U 724, asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 45 and for
copper. $17!jil" 25.
Sih-rr firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Slight improz-ement in Wheat futures.
Other cereals dull and unchanged.
Bran firm. Hay zveak and plentiful.
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Putter coming in heavily. Cheese steady.
Eggs shozc more tone, with some sales higher.
Poultry and Game as previously quoted.
Oranges scarce and firm. Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Provisions in fair demand and firm.
Meat market fairly supplied and unchanged.
Decline in Hides apparently checked. Tallow steady.
$1 65@1 95; standard, $1 40 1 65: seedlings, $1@
1 25.
Strawberries were rather weak. Limes were
weak at the decline.
Prices . for Strawberries are declining under
Increasing receipts.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S®9Oc per box for common. $101 50
for good to choice and $1 75®2 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— U&% per chest for large
and $?Sl5 for small berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25@3 25
per box; Seedlings, $I®l 75; Lemons, $IQ'l 50
for common and $222 SO for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5; California Limes, ;
Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $43"5
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4@4Hc for
40-50'e. 3»i@4c for 50-60*s. 3^sc for 60-70*s, 3%c
for 70-So*s, 3@3Uc for 80-90's and 2»«c for 90
100's: Apricots, 11Q12HC for Royals. 12H<j?15c
for Moorparks and 12@13Vic for Blenheims;
Teaches, sVi<g6c for Standards, 6^®6Sic for
choice and 7@Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10*5?
12Hc; Evaporated Apples. 6#7c; Sun-dried. 5@
s>Hc per lb; Nectarines, SfgSc: Pears, 3Vi"5-l x .sC
for dark and 7SSc for bright halves: Black
Figs. 2@2M:c; White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, SgDc: unbleached Plums, 7@7>4c for
pitted and lHc for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, SVic: choice. 74c; standard. frHc;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: 6eedles.«,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. &4c;
3-crown, CUe; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 s<i per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 839 c for standards and
9@loc for softshells; Almonds. 11H312C for
paper shell. S-SlOc for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell: Peanuts, s*i®CT4c for Eastern and 5c
for California: Brazil Nuts, 7H@Bc; Filberts.
12<s?12Hc; Pecans, ll^lSc: Cocoanuts, $4 50<35.
HONEY— Comb. liu@l2c for brlpht and lO'i-9
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7^ic; light amber extracted, "hi&Tiic; dark,
6H@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24g26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy. IOHc for light medium, ll^c for light.
12Hc for extra light and 13V4c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $12
per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra
Prime Pork. $14 &0S15; extra clear, $19; Mess,
$16 50: Smoked Beef, 12&@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7®Sc per lb for
compound and SiOS^c for pure: half barrels,
pure, S*ic; 19-lb ttns, 9>ic; 5-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, SSSViC per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9Hc
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says of
Hides: "The wet salted market shows a better
demand, but no Improvement In prices. The
decline has been checked, but tanners, as a
rule, continue to buy sparingly. Dry Hides and
Calf show more activity and have sold freely
during the past week. There is a fair demand
and a steady market for Horse Hides. Deer
Skins come in freely from the north, northwest
anj Mexico and the demand is active, with
prospects for a well-sustained market. Goat
Skins sell readily. Tallow is steady, with a
fair demand."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
nbout 1c under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
10c; medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides. 0c;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf. g'n^lOc;
I>ry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands, lac;
Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, ISc: Sheep
skins, shearlings. lo'&Sf'c each: short Wool. 3itf
COc each; medium. 70<g!)0c: long Wool. $IQI 2.i
each: Horse Hides. J2 25'n3 for large and Jl 25
Col 75 tor small: Colts, 25@.">Oc. Deer Skins-
Summer or red tkins, 4t»c; fall or medium skins.
35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat Skins—
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium. 3Sc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s(gsHc per lb; No.
2. 4'S4Vic: refined. 64c; grease, 2V.'Q3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16©lSc; Northern defective, 13{J
16c; Middle County free. 15017 c; Middle
County defective. 13fr"15c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12-SI4C; do free, 7 months', 12^ 15c;
do defective. 7 months', lO'g^c: Humboldt and
Mendocino 20(323c; Nevada, 16Q1SC per lb.
HOrS-6W?iiec per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market shows no further change In any
description.
BEEF— 6'i'S7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6^ 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, "SBc; ewes, 6H'<J7c per
lb.
LAMB— Sprine. 9®loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small and medium
and o^SD^ic for large: stock Hogs and feed
ers. iV4'a»4»c; dressed Hogs, 7(gS l ic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, J5 65; Calcutta grain
Bags. etifTSSc; Wool Bags, 2S^@32i»c; Fleece
Twine, "lie.
COAL— Wellington, J3 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S: Southneld Wellington. $7 DO; Seattle.
$6 50; Bryant. 16 50; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. JS.
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Cumberland, $12 In
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per
sacks: Castle Gate and Rock Springs, $5 45 per
:om> lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in liVMb bags: Cubss. A
'crushed and Fine Crushed. s.*)c: Powdered,
F> 6"c; Candy Gralnulated. 5.20 c; Pry Granulated.
E.lOc; Conf«-ctloners* A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C, 4.6t»c: Golden C. 4.50 c; barrels. 10c
more; half- barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more;
Mi-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
ttrnn 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, 5.85 c; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4.
Flour qr sks 5.506 1 Quicksilver, flsks 44
Wheat ctls 70-iJLeather. r0115.... 49
Barley ctls I.43OiWlne. gala 33.0n0
Cats ctls S7oJ Pelts, bndls 4. 370
Corn, ctls S3*|Hldes. No 1,677
Butter, ctls 431 Wool, bass 337
Cheese, ctls 320 : Straw, tons 20
Tallow, ctls 245 Hay. tons 323
Epks. doz 24,810 Middlings, sks .. 200
Lime hbls 91 ! Potatoes, sks .... 1.503
Sugar, bbls S3 Beans, sks I*7
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 1.600
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. Aortl 4.
Ptmr Lagura. Stark. 91 hours from TUla-
Haw bark Falls oi Clyde. Chlpperfleld. 14 days
from Hllo.
Bktn Archer. Calhoun. 21 days from Honolulu.
Schr Twilight. Gruner. 13 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Alcalde, Johnson. 13* i day» from Ta
coma.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen. IS days from
Mahukona.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith. 13^4 flay* from Ka
hulul.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, Aortl 4.
Stmr Reporter. Lindbers. Cooks Islet; AJask*
Packers Association.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka; OowSaH.
Perkins fc Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria; Orejrca
Railroad and Nay Co. :
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolscn. San Pedro; GoodaH.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia. Lawless. Honolulu; J J>
Spreck*ls & Bros Co.
Whaling stmr Alexander. Tllton, wtallas; H
Uebes & Co.
Ship Stntram. Larsen. Loring; A"a,iV» Pack
ers' Association.
Bark J D Peters. Townsend. Chlxalk Bay
and Uyak; Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Br bark Lynton. James, Queenato-wn; O VF.
McNear. .
SAILED.
Wednesday. AorQ 4.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockaetb. Ciei-csnt City,
Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. .
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Honolulu.
Stmr Greenwood. Faserlund. Oreenwood.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
XT S stmr Rosecrants. Dobson. SeatU*.
Ship Slntram. Larsen. Lorlnc.
Bark Ferris S Thompson. Murk. Chfrslk Bay.
Schr San Buenaventura. LankUde*. Qraja
Harbor.
Schr Reliance, Andersen. .
Bchr Archie and Fontle. Bklprer. Stewarts
Potnt.
Schr Bonlta, Genereaux. Car>« Jforaa.
Schr Newark, Beck. 80-wens Landing:.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Llndb«r-r. »
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 4. 10 p m— "W«ather
hazy; wind NW. Telocity IS miles.
SPOKEN-
March 1. lat 38 S. lon 23 W— Ft bark Can
bronne, hence Dec f>. for Queenstowa.
MISCELLANEOUS
PORT TOWNS END, Aarll 4— Br bark Elza
beth Nicholson, from Port Blakeley. for Shang
hai, put back here in distress, leaking badly.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived April 4— ScSr Id*
Schnau»r. hen^-e March 21.
POINT LOBOS— Passed April 4. a: 11 a m—
Haw stmr San Mateo, from Pert Lcs Angeles,
for Nar.atrr.o.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 4— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Hongkong; stmr Despatch,
hence Arril 1.
COOS BAY— Sailed Arrll 4, at 4 p tn— Stmr
\rcata for San Francisco.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived April 4— Schr Sal
vatore. from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrtved April 4— Schr C
H Merchant. hence March 24; achr Fred. J
Wood. from Santa Rosalia.
CASPAR— SaiIed April 4— Stmr Cleone. for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 4— Stmr Xa-
.-»'. City, hence Anrl
failed April 3 — Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 4— Schr Jessie
Minor, from Honolulu.
Sailed April 4— Stmrs Del Norte. Brunswick.
San Pedro and Samoa, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed April S— Bark
Oregon, for Honolulu. April 4— Schr Robert
Searles. for Kahulul.
ISLF. OF WIOHT-Pased Arrtl I— Br ship
Tola, hence Nov 23. for London.
BEACHT HEAD— Passed April 4— Br ship
Queen Victoria, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed ADril 4— Br ship
Valkyrie, hencs Nov 17.
BRlSTOL— Arrived Aoril 4— Fr bark Bour
baki. hence Nov 4.
CARDlFF— Arrived April 4— Er shin FalrDort
hence Opt 17.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 4— Br ah!s> Clf
forrt. hence Dfc 16. - -
QUE EN STOWN— Arrived April J— Fr bark
Genevleve Mollnes. hence Nov 9. and sailed fcr
Dublin. April 4— Br ship Glenbrock. hence De
cember I.
Sailed ADrll 4— Oer bark Niobc. fcr Hull.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Arrll 4-Br itmr Em
pre-s of China, for Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed March 31— Br stmr Flint
shire, for San Francisco.
FREMANTL**:— SaiIed April 3— Bark General
Falrchlld. for Newcastle. Au».
SYDNEY— Arrived April 3— Ship J Ii Brown,
from Chemainus.
FALMOl'TH— Arrived April 3— Oer ship Ferd
inand Fischer, from Oregon: Br ship Manchea
ter. from Tacoma; Br ship ComllebanU. from
Oresron.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
bank was repaid this morning; In the afternoon
there was some fresh borrowing for week or
ten days, to the market's surprise, consider
ing the heavy dividend distributions.
CLOSING
LONDON, April 4.— Canadian Pacific, 100%;
Lnion Pacific preferred, 794; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 79%; Atchlson, 29%; Grand
Trunk, 84: Anaconda. 114; Rands, 36%; bar
silver, 274 d.
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
TITE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1900.
$5 30tT5 60; good to choice, heavy. *' 45^5 63
rough, heavy, $5 3Ck§s 40; light. $5 25@5 52%
bulk of sales. $5 45<g5 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000; sheep and lambs
strong to 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
$6@6 30; fair to choice mixed, $'06: Western
¦heep. $5 75@6 30; yearlings, $6tJ6 60; native
lambs, $5 sOig7 40; Western lambs, $6@7 40.
Boston Wool Market,
BOSTON, April 4.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will »ay to-morrow: The wool
market continues dull. Some houses report a
little more looking around on the part of the
oonsumers, but there Is no improvement to
be noted in the actual demand and where
wool is sold to any extent It is generally at
concessions. Manufacturers as a class are In
need of wool. Nothing but favorable reports
are received from the goods market and if
the present demand keeps up most of the
trade are hopeful of a good business in the
wool market before long. Some of the more
impatient ones have, however, after waiting
three months for an active business resolved
to make business by letting their wools go at
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 4.— Clearings, $332,699; bal
ances, $41,695.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 4.— ln the local mar
ket there has been some buying during the
past few days at prices showing the usual
wide variation which has prevailed throughout
the season. For No. 1 Walla Wa.la 54c is
generally quoted, with 55c paid for a round
lot and some light wheat reported cold early
in the week on the basis of about 54c for
No. 1. For valley there is some demand for
milling purposes at about 34c and some choice
lots have sold a shade higher. Blue stem Is
steady at 66257 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 4.— Wheat market quiet and
unchanged; blue stem, 56c; club, 54c. Both
export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON*. April 4.— Consols. 101%: stiver,
274 d; French rentes, lOlf 124 c; cargoes on
passage, sellers at advance 3d; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 80s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s Sd; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, April 4.— Wheat, firm; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, nominal: futures, quiet;
April, nominal; May, 5s K>Ud; July, 5s 9"4 d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American, new. 4s I4d:
American mixed, eld. 4s 2V*d; futures, steady;
May. 4s lUd; July, 4s 14d: September, 4s li t d.
4 S5; mixed Htockers, 53 50@4: cows. $3® 4 SO;
heifers. 13 25H4 75; canners, $2 10@2 75; bulls,
$2 60^4 25; calves, $« 50g6- Texans: Receipts,
S00; best on sale to-day, four cars at $5 O.V
Texas fed steers. $4Q'5 05; Texas bulls, $3 2oa
3 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 18.000; to-morrow,
20.000 estimated; left over. 2500; average fully
10c higher. Top, JS 65; mixed and butchers'.
8
Steamer.
iTom. i ww
.l_ !
pet Norte
Willamette ....
TeMus
.'Oregon Port* —_,Apr.
. Peattl* Apr.
. iOyster Harbor Apr.
5
5
5
Point Arena —
Columbia
Santa Rosa
Ccqullle Rtver.
Aloha
.'Point Arena Apr.
.[Portland Apr.
.:San Dieso ~-... Apr.
.¦Grays Harbor Apr.
.iCrescent City Apr.
S
5
5
I
Samoa
North Fork
Moana
Empire
Arcata
?HumbolJt Apr.
.;Humboldt Apr.
.tSydner Apr.
.!Coos Ray [Apr.
.Coos Bay .....lApr.
5
I
*
<
<
Pcmona
Matteawan
Progreso
Doric .:
City of Para
Orlxaba
rmatMla
Belgian King...
Corona
Crescent City...
State of Cal
.'San Diego — . Apr.
.JTacoma Apr.
.iTaccma Apr.
. Vhin.i and Japan Apr.
. i Panama Apr.
.(Newport Apr.
.¦Victoria A Puret Sound' Apr.
.'China and Japan |Apr.
.:San Pie«ro I Apr.
.'Crescent City Apr.
. IPortlap'l 'Apr. I
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
i
t
¦3
1 11
Bristol
Honita
JOyster Harbor. — ....(Apr. ]
. i Newport !Apr. 1
ilvictoria & Puset SoundjApr. 1
13
Newbunr
.'Grays Harbor >Apr. 1
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.
Pier.
J .
Bonita JNewport Apr. 5. 9a:
City PueblaVlc St. Pgt Sd. Apr. «. 13 ai
Aloha 'Crescent City. Apr. 8. 3p:
Santa Ruea San Diego JApr. 7. 11 ai
China |Chlna&Japan;Apr. 7. Ipi
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. M Apr. 7. 2pi
Curacao ...'Mexico 'Apr. 7. 10 ai
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports. Apr. 7. Bat
.m,
>m
im.
m
>m
onj
.m
ler U
ler 9
ler I
¦i«r 11
MSS
ier 2
ler It
ler ZO
Coqullle Rv; Grays Harbor Apr. 7. spi
Columbia ...Portland jApr. S. 1 » ai
ler It
Samoa JHumboldt !Apr. 8. 10 ai
Arcata ' Coos Bay |Apr. S, 19 ai
City Sydney: Panama jApr. 9. 12 i
Coos Bay.. Newport Apr. 9. 9ai
North Fork'Humboldt lApr. 9. 9aj
IB
.m
m
m
im
Pi
. PI
p:
. P!
lrr 13
ier 13
MSS
!er 11
"!•» 2
Pomona ..JHumboldt Apr. 9. Jpi
Corona San Dleso Apr. 11. 11 as
Umatllla ..(Vic & P»rt Sd. Apr. 11. 19 ai
Belgian K?'Chlna& Japan; Apr. 12
State of Cal, Portland 'Apr. 13. 10 ai
m
.m
.m
...:
m
ler 9
ler U
ler 9
!er*2»
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.
Pier.
J .
Bonita JNewport Apr. 5. 9a:
City PueblaVlc St. Pgt Sd. Apr. «. 13 ai
Aloha 'Crescent City. Apr. 8. 3p:
Santa Ruea San Diego JApr. 7. 11 ai
China |Chlna&Japan;Apr. 7. Ipi
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. M Apr. 7. 2pi
Curacao ...'Mexico 'Apr. 7. 10 ai
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports. Apr. 7. Bat
.m,
>m
im.
m
>m
onj
.m
ler U
ler 9
ler I
¦i«r 11
MSS
ier 2
ler It
ler ZO
Coqullle Rv; Grays Harbor Apr. 7. spi
Columbia ...Portland jApr. S. 1 » ai
ler It
Samoa JHumboldt !Apr. 8. 10 ai
Arcata ' Coos Bay |Apr. S, 19 ai
City Sydney: Panama jApr. 9. 12 i
Coos Bay.. Newport Apr. 9. 9ai
North Fork'Humboldt lApr. 9. 9aj
IB
.m
m
m
im
Pi
. PI
p:
. P!
lrr 13
ier 13
MSS
!er 11
"!•» 2
Pomona ..JHumboldt Apr. 9. Jpi
Corona San Dleso Apr. 11. 11 as
Umatllla ..(Vic & P»rt Sd. Apr. 11. 19 ai
Belgian K?'Chlna& Japan; Apr. 12
State of Cal, Portland 'Apr. 13. 10 ai
m
.m
.m
...:
m
ler 9
ler U
ler 9
!er*2»
\1
T. A
rises..
VI.
a..
IT'.me'
v,
•
!H Wl
! Ft -
|
U Wl
e
5
6
7
J-77:
..I 3:.>;'
T
I 4.:
i 4 -
I ii
i
, i:
H
H:1S
«:»
r w
0.3
«:33
7'2S!
t> Wj
4.3! 9:53j
4.4: 11:2S
' 4.5 1
3 I
3 i
..i 0:50*
.1 1:53!
7:3:!
4.5j
«.4j
1:12:
1:34 1
O.Jl 8:111
4 *
S:««>i
2:ZS.
l.ji 9:IT!
¦; s^i
!i
y:32l
*-5i
3:14
!.$' 9:Sll
5 2
Steamer.
iTom. i ww
.l_ !
pet Norte
Willamette ....
TeMus
.'Oregon Port* —_,Apr.
. Peattl* Apr.
. iOyster Harbor Apr.
5
5
5
Point Arena —
Columbia
Santa Rosa
Ccqullle Rtver.
Aloha
.'Point Arena Apr.
.[Portland Apr.
.:San Dieso ~-... Apr.
.¦Grays Harbor Apr.
.iCrescent City Apr.
S
5
5
I
Samoa
North Fork
Moana
Empire
Arcata
?HumbolJt Apr.
.;Humboldt Apr.
.tSydner Apr.
.!Coos Ray [Apr.
.Coos Bay .....lApr.
5
I
*
<
<
Pcmona
Matteawan
Progreso
Doric .:
City of Para
Orlxaba
rmatMla
Belgian King...
Corona
Crescent City...
State of Cal
.'San Diego — . Apr.
.JTacoma Apr.
.iTaccma Apr.
. Vhin.i and Japan Apr.
. i Panama Apr.
.(Newport Apr.
.¦Victoria A Puret Sound' Apr.
.'China and Japan |Apr.
.:San Pie«ro I Apr.
.'Crescent City Apr.
. IPortlap'l 'Apr. I
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
i
t
¦3
1 11
Bristol
Honita
JOyster Harbor. — ....(Apr. ]
. i Newport !Apr. 1
ilvictoria & Puset SoundjApr. 1
13
Newbunr
.'Grays Harbor >Apr. 1Nuisances Must Be Abated.
The Supervisors' Health and Hospital
Committee yesterday decided that tho
Central Llcht and Power Company must
abate within thirty days the smoke nuis
ance in connection with its plants in the
basement of the Parrott building. The
petition of taxpayers for the abatement
of the nuisance now existing on the tract
of land bounded by Twenty-sixth street
Army fctreet. Potrero avenue and Ala
bama street through this basin acting as a
trap for the Potrero avenue, Florida and
Alabama streets sewers, was favorably
acted upon, and the Board of Public
Works will be directed to construct an in
tercepting sewer to carry off the refuse.
GRAPE-NUTS CURE.
Good Food Works Salvation.
"When I began the use of Grape-Nuts
food for breakfast I was suffering with
nervous and stomach troubles. I found
that Grape-Nuts furnished a nourishing,
satisfying meal, that the stomach took
to it beautifully. I feel so much more
satisfied and well-fed after a meal of
Grape-Nuts and do not have that dis-
agreeable gorged and tight feeling in the
stomach which so often used to accom-
pany my meals when I was using other
foods.
"This proves to me that Grape-Nuts
food is highly condensed and nourish-
ing food, which satisfies the system as
no other food does, and causes no indi-
gestion. It is a godsend to all sufferers
of stomach and nervous troubles.
"I have several neighbors who are |
using both Postum Cereal Coffee and |
Grape-Xuts, and they wonder how they
ever did without either, since learning
how good and beneficial they are. One
lady has a family of growing school
children. She says they use nothing
else for their luncheon at noon but
Grape-Nuts with milk. They all enjoy
the food very much and feel well fed.
She states that when the children come
in from school they are not starved for
a piece of something to eat, as they for-
merly were when they lunched from all
other foods.
"This has convinced her that Grape-
Nuts food sustains the system longer
than any other food. The fact that it is
thoroughly cooked and ready for imme-
diate serving is of great value, especially
when one is in a hurry. Please do not
publish my name." The name of this
lady can be had by application to the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek.
Mich.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave 'Broadway
fc^ wharf. San Francisco:
VtjVfr-^ For Alaskan ports — 19 *. ra.,
l*\^2Sk. A £ rll l - *¦ v - X -"- ; '' : MIV '•
K!s£%3tfSi i v hhart'^ t ' l) company's steasera
s^K£*J3 Vt4 For Victoria, Vancouver (E.
MK*T!S2"tKV! C.). P r >rt T^wr.send, Seattle.
jt"« "^ffy^^JH Taccma, Everett. Ar.ac --•¦<
• a n'l New Whatcom (Wash.)—
¦•^4 id a. m., April 1. 6 11. 16. 21.
!«; May 1. and every fifth day ther»aft*>r;
cha=K» at Seattle to this company's etearner*
for Alaska and G. N. tiy.i at Tacorna to N. V.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka Humbohlt Bay— 2 p. m.. April 4.
S. 14. 19. 24. 23'; May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Ciy-
ncos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo>. Oa»!Pt.i.
Santa Uarbara Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lou AngelesV and Newport— J
a. m.. April 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. IS; May 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Dießo, stopping only at Port HarfoM
? San Luis Obt!>ro). Santa IJarhara. Port Ix.»
An*ele3 and Redon.to «Loa Angeles)— ll a. m..
April 3, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27; May 1. and every
fourth -lay thereafter.
For EnsenaJa. Macialena Bay, San Jo>>e d?l
Cabo. Mazntlan. Altata. La Paa. 3anta Roaali.i
anl Guayir.as (Mcxicc)— lo a. m.. 7th cf ea?h
month.
For further Information cbtaln company's
folder.
The company reserves the rlffht ti chani;<>
¦teamers. sailing dates and hours of WtTTnfc
without previous nctlce.
TICKKT OKKICti — 4 New Montgomery
•treet (Palace lintel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A^ts..
Death of Miss Eva H. Parker.
ALAMEDA. April 4.— Miss Eva Harriot
Parker dlfd yesterday at her home. 912
Park street. Deceased was a native of
Apia, ag-ed 22 years. She was the daugh-
ter of Joseph and Harriet Parker am! sis-
ter of Anita, Mabel, Alice. Ernest and
Aubrey Parker. The fur.eral will be held
Friday, from St. Joseph's Church, at 9:30
o'clock.
aspirants for honors, such as the ring ,
affords, had to don the gloves and show j
their mettle before the bouts were ar
ranged. The men are matched as follows, j
Tom Gilfeather and Jim Hamilton. Ed.
Finnerty and Dick Riger, Dave Sheehan ;
and Mike Joyce. Luke Dean and George
Curran, C. A. Barnett and Ed. Barker,
Jim Whipple and T. OLeary, Young Neill
and Jim Ryan, Steve Kennedy and George
de Comcey, Pete Bush and Fred Plrker,
Tom Herman and Jack Porter.
With the exception of the latter all
bouts are scheduled for four rounds.
Herman and Porter will box six rounds at
128 pounds' weight. The size of the ring
has been decreased, which will have the
effect of quickening the pace of the box
ers. Alex. Greggains will appear in his
original role of referee.
THE gymnasium of the San Franci?co
Athletic Club. Sixth street, will be
the scene to-night of a number of
bouts with the gloves between
amateur boxers. With the exception of
Tom Gilfeather, who appeared recently in
the Olympic Club's tournament, the ma
jority of the boxers are making their first
appearance in the ring. This does not
mean they are untried, as the ten brace of
Freight Cars Wrecked.
SANTA CRUZ, April 4.— Three cars
loaded with slabs got beyond control at
Loma Prieta while on a down grade this
afternoon and were wrecked. No on© waa
hurt.
Delegates Elected.
SALINAS, April 4.— The San Jose Dis
trict Presbytery elected the following to
the general assembly: Rev. E. L. Rich
of Gllroy, delegate; alternate, A. H. Barn
hisel of Hollister; elder to the assembly,
William G. Alexander of San Jose.
Inheritance Tax Must Be Paid.
Treasurer Brooks yesterday sent notices
to all executors, administrators or trus
tees of estates liable for the payment of
collateral Inheritance tajc, to pay tho
same, or the District Attorney will pro
ceed to enforce the law providing for its
collection. In all cases of reai estate the
unpaid tax will be filed as a lien on the
property. There remains to be paid a
large amount of rebates on personal prop
erty taxes of last year, ranging In sums
from 8 cents to several hundred dollars
The rebate is due to the Tact that the tax
levy was made after the taxes were col
lected. ;••-' v-.
GRAPE-NUTS.
GRIFFIN KNOCKS LAWLER
OUT IN THE THIRD ROUND
OAKLAND, April 4.— Charles Lawler of
Detroit, widely advertised as the "unde
feated," collided with the right fist of
"Hank" Griffin, the colored scrapper from
Los Angeles, at the Reliance Athletic
Club rooms this evening, and five minutes
afterward came to a realization of the
fact that he had been up against the real
thing. The knockout blow was a right
swing on the jaw in the third round of
what was to have been a ten-round con
test, and came bo suddenly that the spec
tators were taken by surprise. Lawler
dropped like a log. He. tried to rise to
his feet as the eighth second was ticked
off, but fell back and had to be carrier to
his corner by his seconds.
The first two rounds were spent In fid
dling at long distance and only one light
: tap was landed by each man before the
end came. Lawler was seconded by Tom
Tracy, R. S. Cole and George Croll. Grif-
Jin was seconded by Tom Sadler, Watson
Burns, Frank Malley and a brother of
"Soldbr" Green. . Jack Kitchen officiated
as referee. Prior to the battle Charles
Long announced that Fred Russell chal
lenged the winner.
The first preliminary between "Jockey"
Maynard of Oakland and "Kid" Shon
brien of San Francisco proved a rather
tame affair, and was stopped in the fourth
round and the laurels awarded to May
nard by the referee.
The real fight of the evening was the
second preliminary, in which Jack Cape-
Jlss of the Reliance Club defeated Charles
Trost of San Francisco in the seventh
round of what was f-cheduled for a ten
round "go." Both men went at each
other like tigers, Trost having somewhat,
the advantage until the third round, when
he was considerably weakened by a se
ries of stiff body blows. Both men were
groggy on several occasions, but Capeliss
showed the greater recuperative power
and had Trost all but out in the seventh
round, when Referee James Fox stopped
hostilities and declared Capeliss the win
ner. After the contest It was discovered
that Capeliss had broken his right hand.
Though this accident occurred in the sec
ond round he had not even notified his
seconds, but fought gamely with his left
hand and won a most creditable victory.
The action of Referee James Fox in stop
ping both preliminaries when they became
one-sided Is generally commended.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of div.rro* have been granted
Sophie Affron Becker from George F.
Becker on the ground r,f desertion; Carrie
S. Hale from Edward S. Hale on tho
rround of desertion; Lizzie Chaussagne
from Henry Chaussagne for desertion,
and >iargaret Richmond from Thomas
Richmond for desertion. Suits for
o.vorce have been filed by Samuel
Kclleher against Mary E. :Kelleher for
desertion; George H. Le Roy against
Hattle <i. Le Roy for cruelty, and Nellie
Fisher against Joseph Fisher for deser
tion.
Librarian Taggert Exonerated.
The charges preferred against Librarian
Taggert of the Mechanics' Institute were
found to be unfounded by a special com
mittee composed of Charles M. Plum.
Charles Taussig and E. P. Irving, which
reported in the matter at a meeting of
the board of directors on Tuesday. P. J.
Healey. who preferred the charges, was
dissatisfied with the verdict and spoke in
favor of the charge? of ineompetency,
etc., which he made against the librarian.
The directors also decided to spend double
the sum heretofore used in the purchase
of books. A box will be placed in the
library and members are requested to drop
into the box any suggestions as to the
management of the Institute and they will
be acted upon by a special committee.
West's Minstrel Jubilee.
One of the most popular forms of amuse
ment during the past half century has
been the minstrels. It is a style of enter
tainment purely American. The public
delights to be amused, and as this fnrm
is light, airy and tilled to the brim with
music and novelty it should be popular.
William H. West, who will appear with
his own company at the Columbia The
ater beginning next Monday, has many
surprises in store for his friends this sea
son, and promises a brilliant performance.
Among the company are Carroll Johnson.
Richard J. Jose, Fred Warren, the Luken
brothers, the three Marvelles, the Water
bury brothers and Tenny and others as
well known.
Foreign Missions Their Theme.
The twenty-seventh annual meeting of
the Woman's Occidental Board of Foreign
Missions of the Presbyterian Church be
gan yesterday at 920 Sacramento street
and will continue until Friday night
morning, afternoon and evening exercises
being held all of the time. Delegates are
arriving from all parts of the State and
it is believed that my this evening the
attendance will be larger than on any
previous occasion.
Yesterday the time was devoted to the
reception of delegates and brief exercises
by the Occidental School and Chinese
children of the home. To-day the routine
business 'of the body will consume the
afternoon and in the evening there will be
a young people's foreign mission rally,
under the leadership of Miss Belle Gar
rette. The business on Friday will bo
equally Interesting.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Id Hi s»* *i lA. s ' iiN vVI '* ¦""' : ' ; ; »n»1
["S"^*"**" Auckland for Syrlr.^y
3 Wednesday, April IS.
ronpw ™-<^ **y «.
Favorite line around the world v!r\ Hawaii.
Pamoa. New Zealand. Australia. 'India, Suex,
England, etc. ; $81i) first class.
.- b. aricCK£Lb<k v..v... CD.. «(jts.. -(4 Mortgonert
Piar 7. Foot Pacific St FrsicntOflScc.32? r.T.uke; Si.
STATESMEN INCLINED
TO CENSURE DEWEY
WASHINGTON. April 4.-Senator Han
na said respecting Dewey's candidacy
that it "ought to have been announced on
April I— April fool's day." That wus all
j Mr. Hanna would say about it.
None of the officials of the Navy De
| puxtment cared to express publicly any
opinion as to the admiral's Presidential
announcement. But it was plain to be seen
that It. had created profound surprise in
every circle. The Impression prevailed
that, regardless of the outcome of the ad
miral's movement from a political point
of view, his entrance into the arena of
politics marks the termination of his ac
tivity in the navy. Not that it is be
lieved that his retirement is pending, but
it is felt that, engrossed as he will be in
his other aspirations, the admiral will not
be able to spare the time necessary for
the discharge of purely naval duties. It
is intimated that he practically indicated
his purpose to withuraw from active naval
work in a conversation recently with an
Intimate friend and brother officer.
Senator Proctor of Vermont to-night,
speaking of Admiral Dewey's announce
ment saJd: "The statement in regard to
the Presidency purporting to come from
Admiral Dewey is as much of a surprise
to me as it can be to any one. The sub
ject of politics has not been referred to
between us In the slightest manner, di
rectly or indirectly, since his statement
soon after his return last fall."
Here is what pome Californians think
of Dewey's candidacy:
Representative De Vrles— l do not se
riously regard the candidacy of any man
who has no platform upon Important mat
ters. •
Representative Waters— lf the Dewey
interview is correct and he states that
he is a candidate, but unwilling to state
of what party, then I should say he
ought to have a political guardian ap
pointed immediately.
Representative Kahn— l feel satisfied
that Dewey stands aosolutely no chance
for nomination by either party.
Representative Barbam— l don't believft
Dewey ever made that statement, but if
he did he has held the last official posi
tion he ever ought to hold In this world.
Representative Needham— His candi
dacy makes no difference with the two
great national conventions. The Republi
cans will nominate McKinley, the Demo
crats will nominate Bryan, and McKinley
will be elected.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 4. — The announce
ment of the Presidential candidacy of Ad
miral Dewey has created a tremendous
sensation throughout this section of the
West. Bryan's friends are considerably
exercised. The Gold Democrats are very
much elated with affairs, as are leading
Republicans. They claim the situation
is very much complicated and that Bryan
will have trouble disposing of Dewey, as
there will be a spontaneous outburst in
behalf of the hero of Manila Bay. Na
tional Democratic Committeeman Thomp
son this afternoon asserted that the can
didacy of Dewey meant nothing and that
nothing could head off Bryan; Nebraska
was still for him and would remain so
even though every other State were for
Dewey.
J. Sterling Morton. ex-Secretary of Agri
culture and the leading spirit of the gold
Democratic party in the State, thinks
Dewey will prove a very disturbing factor
in the Bryan camp. So does Euclid Mar
tin, for years chairman of the gold Dem
ocratic State Committee.
The Omaha World-Herald takes the po
sition that Dewey Is not right on the ques
tion of Imperialism for the Democratic
Convention to make him a formidable
candidate, and that he cannot be seriously
considered by the Democrats because
anti-imperialism will be the cardinal prin
ciple or the coming campaign. The Bee
editorially says the De.wey boom is liable
to prove a serious thing for Bryan in view
of the prominence of the movement in the
East. All the small dailies throughout
the State give the announcement of
Dewey's candidacy under scare heads and
say Dewey will have a big following.
DETROIT, April 4.— Daniel J. Campau,
Michigan member of the National Demo
cratic Committee, wires the New York
World to-day In response to an Inquiry
whether Dewey would not be a stronger
candidate than Bryan as follows:
"In the present crisis the Democratic
party needs a leader of positive convic
tion. The Democratic candidate must not
only stand firmly upon the Democratic
platform but must be a platform in him
self. Mere personal popularity Is never
sufficient to win, especially at a time when
voters are studying, as now. The Demo
cratic party is strongest when fighting
aggressively for principle, and weakest
when supporting mere popular heroes.
Proud as Democrats may be that Dewey
is among those who desire the downfall
of Imperialism, I think It would be a grave
mistake not to place in nomination Wil
liam J. Bryan, whose vote of 18% was
larger than had ever been before required
to elect, and whose following to-day ia
larger by far."
HILL»SBORO, Or.. April 4.— Regarding
Dewey'a candidacy for President Hon. W.
J. Bryan declines to be interviewed.
LOSING OF A CORPSE
WRECKS HIS MIND
Stockton Man Becomes Insane While
Escorting a Body to the East
for Burial.
i Bpcda] Dispatch to The Call.
BINGHAMTON. N. V., April 4.-M. N.
I Beach of Stockton. Cal., is insane at Nor
j wich as the result of losing a corpse he
; was conveying from Stockton to Oly
i phant. Pa. Mr. Beach reached Norwich
lover th*» Ontario and Western, registering
|at the Palmer House. He acied strangely
j and said that while <-scorting the body of
| Mrs. Hill from Stockton to Olyphant ht>
lost it atOswego and took the wrong
; train. Papers in his pocket substantiated
\ the assertion.
He left the hotel and soon afterward
I was seen trying to crawl into a child's
enow house. Later he attempted to break
in the door of a prominent residence,
searching for the corpse, and was locked
up by the Sheriff. In his cell he rayed
in delirium and the authorities had diffl
! culty in restraining him. Relatives at
j Stockton, whose address was found among
I the man's papers, were notiiled and wired
1 to take the best of care of the unfortunate
I and a man would be sent to care for him.
The body which went astray later ar
rived safely at Olyphant. This, when
communicated to the patient, had a quiet
ing effect, and it is thought he will soon
recover. He is said to be a prominent and
weaJthv resident of Stockton.
EMPLOYES DISMISSED
BY THE HEALTH BOARD
Dr. Bazet's Plans for Central Disin
fecting Station Approved and
May Be Carried Out.
The Board of Health held a special
meeting yesterday and decided to sustain
Health Officer O'lirien in Lis summary
removal of Steward Reilly and Day
Watchman Wollard from the Twenty
sixth-strcet StnaJlpox Hospital. Dr.
O'Brien said his action In the case of
Reilly and Wollard was the result of a.n
aflidavit liled by Thomas Powell regard
ing the conduct* of the dismissed officials.
Powell in his affidavit stated that there
was a case of smallpox la?t March at his
house, luti Taylor strt-t-t, and Reilly and
Wollard came with the ambulance to re
move the patient to the hospital. Reilly
drew a revolver and said that ho had
heard there was going to be trouble. He
then said that everytning would be taken
out of the room and burned, but .told
Powell that if he was "wise" and "next
to himself" he knew what to do. Powell
says he then gave Reilly a dollar, and
Reilly and Wollard brought the bedding
into the kitchen, but took nothing away
with them except a part of the patients
clothes and a grip belonging to him.
J. P. Keating and B. Walls were ap
pointed to succeed Reilly and Wollard.
and T. Cullnnden succeeds P. McMillan
as night watchman.
Attorney Bennett; for the Chinese Con
sul, addressed the board regarding th«?
suppression of basement lodging houses
In Chinatown, saying that the enforce
ment of the order would work a hardship
on the poorer class. The board was of the
opinion that the order should be carried
out to its strict letter and will prosecute
its work in that direction.
C. H. Mills, M.D.. was appointed an in
terne of the City and County Hospital,
vice Dr. A. Glroux, resigned.
Dr. Bazct read a paper regarding the es
tablishment of a central disinfection sta
tion similar to the one now successfully
operated In Paris. On motion of Dr.
Baum the plans and .specifications for a
local station as outlined by Dr. Bazet
were approved and the Supervisors will bo
requested to set aside sufficient funds to
carry out the suggf-stion.
JACK PORTER.
TOM HERMAN.
EFFORT TO SAVE MOLINA
FROM THE GALLOWS
Chief Justice Beatty and Thres Su
preme Justices Urge the Governor
to Use Clemency.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— Chief Justice
Beatty and Supreme Justices Henshaw,
Temple and McFarland have recommend
ed to the Governor clemency In the case
of Ysabel Molina, who will be hanged at
Folsom next Friday for tho murder of A.
Ramos at Bakenfietd in 1536 unless the
Governor interftr»'.s on appeal. The Su
prcce Court ulnrmed the judgment of the
lower court.
Tremendous influences have been
brought to bear upon the Governor ta
commute Molina's sentence to life lmprls.
onment. In addition to the four Justices
of tho Supreme Court, the Mexican Era
bassador at Washington. Senor Don Man
uel de Azpiraz, has interceded in Molina's
behalf. The Justices gave no reasons for
recommending clemency in the case. It
seems from the record, however, that Mo
lina's case had not been properly pre
sented before the Supreme Court at the
time of the appeal to that tribunal from
the Judgment of the lower court.
Justice Temple. In the original case, dis
sented from the decision of affirmance up
on the ground of misconduct upon the
part of the District Attorney, which mis
conduct, in his opinion, warranted the
granting of a new trial. The full record
was not presented to the Supreme Court
on appeal, but when the application for
clemency was made to the Justices the
entire record was laid before them. Gov
ernor Gage is not in the city at present
and it is not known what action, if any,
he will take in the matter.
PORTO RICAN LABORER
PERMITTED TO LAND
Secretary Gage Passes Upon a Test
Case Involving the Status of
the Island.
WASHINGTON. April 4.— Secretary
Gage to-day passed on the case of Jorge
Cruse, a native of Porto Rico, who was
dt-tained at Ellis Island, N. V., and or
dered deported on the charge that he had
violated the contract labor laws. In his
telegram to the Commissioner of Immi
gration at New York Secretary Gage
says:
You will allow Jorge Cruse to land, the de
partment reserving tlw right to deport him at
any time within one year and to bring suit for
$1000 penalty » gainst the person or corpora
tion asutsUng, encouraging or soliciting him to
come under contract. It appears that Cruse
came without knowledge that he was in viola
tion of the law. If he be here In violation of
law. It further appears that he waa brought
here to make a moot case and not In good
faith, as a contract laborer. This being an
Isolated case, public interests are not affected
by allowing him to land subject to future de
portation. Legislation now pending In Con
gress may change the present status. The de
partment prefers to test the question by bring
ing suit to recover penalty Imposed by law
upon the person who brought CrUse Into this
country under contract. The matter will be re
ferred to the Department of Justice with a re
quest to take such action In this direction as
the case may justify/
COUNT DE LUBERSAC
ENGAGES IN A DUEL
Victorious in the First Affair Result
ing From His Quarrel With
the Rothschilds.
PARIS, April 4.— lt Is reported that the
first of the series of duels arising from
the Count of Lubersac's letter to Baron
Robert Rothschild took place this after
noon between Baron Michael Ephrussl
and the Count of Lubersac, on the island
of Grande Jatte, in the Ri%'er Seine, near
Keuilly. At the fourth onslaught the Baron
was wounded in the breast, the count's
sword striking a rib.
The count received a slight scratch In
the neck. M. Ephrussl's seconds wero
MM. Tavernlere and Blestagana, The
count, it Is said, found difficulty In secur
ing seconds, owing to the question of ar
bitration which the count's previous sec
onds thought necessary and he was
obliged to ask the assistance of two non
commissioned officers belonging to his old
regiment. They are gendarmes and wear
the military medal for valor.
The duel took place in the rustic danc
ing hall, which was the scene of the notor
ious encounter between Marquis de Mores
and the Jewish Captain Meyer, in which
the latter fell an easy victim. Quite a
crowd had got wind of the meeting and
was assembled in the grounds. The count
attacked vigorously from the outset and
the combatants parted at the finish with
out the customary handshaking.
The count left the scene in a landau and
was greeted with cries of "A bas les
Juifs," and "VJve l'Armee."
Recorder Selects His Copyists.
Recorder Godchaux yesterday selected
the following copyists from the list of
twelve furnished him by the Civil Service
Commission: Mark Bartlett, Charles J.
Sandregan. William J. Wilson, John F.
Williams. W. H. Smith Jr., Benjamin P.
Wilbur. Ed L. O'Connor. Edwin I>ewls,
Charles O'M. Cosgrave and Eugene J. Sul
livan. Joseph Hayes was appointed chief
copyist. He was accepted by the County
Clerk, but the commission will transfer
him to the Recorder's office, where he has
been employed since Godchaux took office.
I*osttivcl7 cored fey th£BQ
.Little Pills,
They alsc relieve Distress from VyrpettSx,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Rrsjulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. .
Small PHI. Small Dose.
. Small P?!so»
DR. MEYERS & CO.
MEN O»ir-CO»Sl/tT4TIO(V FREE.
PUIVATE BOOK. DIAGNOSIS SHEETS,
etc.. free.>cfflce cr mall. Home cured. Ad-
vice free.
731 Market St.. S. F.
HOURS— Daliy. 9 to 5; Evenings. 7 to 3: Sun-
days. 9to 11. Klevntnr >ntranc».
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICERS SHOT
FROM AMBUSH
BY OUTLAWS
Walked Into a Trap Set by
a Gang of Arizona
Cattle Thieves.
George A. Scarborough, Who Has
Been a Terror to ths Criminals,
Severely Woundsd and Will
Probably Die.
o
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 4.— A special to
the Republican from .Benson, Ariz., says:
sTe?terday afternoon about 2 o'clock while
pursuing an unknown gang of cattle
thieves, George A. Scarborough of Dem
ing, who has been a terror to lawbreakers
in New Mexico and Arizona for many
years, accompanied by Wait Birchfield, a
Deputy Sheriff, was ambushed by the
outlaws In the Chirucusa Mountains and
both were wounded, Scarborough se
riously and Birchileld painfully. The out
laws in some way discovered that they
were being followed and laid a trap for
the officers, who walked into It.
As soon as they came within rifle range
the party of three bandits opened rire.
The first volley wounded both Scarbor
ough and Birchfield, one shot striking
Scarborough In the leg, shattering the
bone, another struck Birchneld In the
left arm. Both men are disabled. The
wounded officers held the outlaws at
bay, although hard pressed several times.
A continuous firing was kept up until
dark.
In the meantime Birchfield managed to
build a rude rock fort. In which he placed
Scarborough, and as soon as darkness pre
vented his movements from being ob
served by the bandits he slipped away,
secured a horse and went for assistance.
Returning at daybreak he found Scar
borough still alive and holding the fort,
but suffering intense pain from his wound
and exposure, it having rained and snowed
all through the night. The party arrived
at San Simon at 2 o'clock this afternoon
with Scarborough, and he was sent to his
home in Deming. Ills wound will prob
ably prove fatal.
A large posse has started in pursuit of
the outlaws, who have evidently gone
farther back in the mountains, where it
will be almost impossible to dislodge
them.
AMATEUR BOXERS IN
SIX-ROUND BOUTS
WILL INQUIRE
INTO DISMISSAL
OF LAMPHREY
Prison Directors Say That
Good Cause for Removal
Must Be Shown.
Position Was an Important One and
Under Aull's Management He
Was Always Particularly
Mentioned.
»
Si>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— The dismissal
of George E. Lamphrey from hl.-i position
as lieutenant of the guard fit* Folsom
Prison without any assigned reason ha*
created much unfavorable commenl
among Republicans here. State Prison
Director R. T. Devlin, a member with
Director Wilklns of the present Republi
can minority of the board, announces his
determination to inquire at the next meet-
Ing of the board into the cause of Lieu
tenant Lnmphrey's discharge. Lamphrey
Is a Rt'publlcan, and Warden Wilkinson
and a majority of the Hoard of Directors
are Democrats.
Although the late Warden Charles Aull
was a stanch Democrat, he reposed the
utmost confidence in Lamphrey and in
Captain R. J. Murphy, another Republi
can, and to them he often credited a large
share of the success of the prison m:v!\
agement. Friends of Captain Murphy,
who, by the way. received the votes of
the two Republican directors for Warden,
assert that It would not surprise them If
his head next dn>r>s into the basket.
Said Director Devlin to-day: "If Lam
phrey was able to hold his office on hta
merits during the- Democratic adminis
tration of Governor Itudd, I confess I am
greatly surprised to see that since Cap
tain Aull's death it has been found under
a Republican administration that he is
unfit to hold his position. Immedlately
upon learning that Lamphrey had been
discharged 1 went for him, and while he
does not wish to go back to the prison
under existing circumstances. I feel it a
duty I owe to him as a prison official and
to the State's service as well to ascertain
the causes that lead to his removal. If
Warden Wilkinson was justified In remov
ing him on account of any misconduct of
Lamphrey I have not a word to say and
shall heartily approve his act; If, on the
contrary. Lamphrey was removed through
pique or malice or for political purposes,
I propose to Inquire into the matter vig
orously.
"This is a matter that does not concern
Lamphrey alone, because we have at Fol
som prison some of the most hardened
criminals in the country. They have
made several attempts to escape from
prison and It is only because they hav>»
had to cope with efficient and brave oA
cers that their outbreaks were not suc
cessful; but if the prison Is to be demoral
ized by removing good men and person*
with Inadequate experience are to be put
In their places the prison will soon become
unmanageable and outbreaks that will
lead to great loss of life will Inevitably
follow."
There is a likelihood that a meeting of
the Board of Prison Directors will be
held with the State Board of Examiner*
in this city in a few days, when the sub
ject of the Folsom prison management
...111 1... rmn*> Inln ftillv
THE SAX FRANCIScO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1900.
GRAND LODGE OF
THE WORKMEN IS
NOW IN SESSION
Members of the Weil-Known
Order Deliberate on
Many Things.
Ike Per Capita Tax Is Now Fixed
at Two Dollars and a Half — A
Session of the Degree of
Honor Is Held.
•
Ax ttie mmnlriK tosslon of the Grand
Ivcxlgro of the Ancient Onl<>r of United
".Vorkiuea yesterday the cmsid. ration of
the report of the committee on la\vs and
amendments was again taken up.
Proposed amendment No. 11. relating to
reinstatements, adopted at the previous
session, was recensidrre.l nnd amendment
No. 17, "which deals w:ih the same matter
liut In a clearer and more definite manner'
m as adopted.
Amendment No. 12. providing that lodges
shall appoint a committee of three on in
crease of membership and care of sus
pended members, was adopted. Amend
ments Nos. 13 ;,nd 14. that deal with the
wn:<- :nutter and deal with the manner of
: rts by euch committee, were also
adopted.
Amendment No. 15. which proposed to
lix t.'u fee of the srranci medical examiner
for revising medical certificates at ;rf) cents
instead of cents each, and that the agr
gregat* amount monthly shall not exceed
Slav, was? defeated.
Amendment No. is. providing that an
applicant who wants to b<» reinstated
••shRU pay the medical examiner's fee of
51. Jl for beneficiary certificate and such
other sum or B&au as the by-laws of the
lodge may provide," wits defeated.
Tne report of the same committee ap
proving a number </f changes to by-laws
of (subordinate lodges was adopted.
The committee on good of the order an
:nu:»ced Its approval of the report of the
Krand matter in relation to the assistance
rendered him by the grand foreman,
grand overseer, deputy grand master and
grand lecturer, visitations by Brand offl
<en and dispensations and adding th».t
the visits by grand officer* shuu.u «.0..
linued.
The announcement was made that the
r. Ft::t of the competition between drill
t«ams th<* evening previous resulted in
l'r<. sperity's team winning the lirst prize
and Kr.terprize's team winning the tec
ond.
At the afternoon session there was a
protracted discussion on the subject of
retrenchment in the expenses of conduct-
Ing the affairs of the Grand Lodge, and
several motions and amendments to the
recommendation of the finance committee
that the per capita tax be fixed at 12 75
were presented. Finally It was decided
that the report of that committee on es-
Umated expenditures be parsed upon se
riatum. All the recommendations were
; . ; ted without change except that the
estimate for printing was cut down from
Jl4vO to {1900, an 4 the amount due the bene
licinry fund was reduced .from !10,<X>0 to
one-half that fua, the other half to be
paid next year. The tax was then fixed
at $2 50 and made payable 75 cents in July,
50 cents in October. 75 cents In Jaiiuary
unM 0y cents in April.
The claims of several beneficiaries were
not allowed, as the law of the order did
rot warrant of their approval on account
of the absence of proof of death. These
were the claims of Louisa. Polsky. Ada H.
Hammond and Mary H. Grimm. The
claim of Mrs. Annie F. Smith Uearbjrn
was allowed.
A motion to have the grand recorder
Fend out an appeal circular to all the
lodges in aid of Mrs. Hammond was re
ferred to the good of the order conitn'ttee.
To-day the officers for the ensui:;--, .ear
will be nominated, elected and installed.
and it Is probable the Grand Lodge will
terminate Its labors.
Mrs. Walter Malloy presided la^t night
at a reception in Shiels building tendered
try th<" L>«rßToe of Honor Grand Lodge to
the members of the order and the. grand
officers and representatives to the Grand
Lodge of Workmen. There was an enter
taining musical and literary programme
and addresses by Supreme Master Work
man Uickford, I'aet Grand Master Barnes
and ex-Grand Recorder Hirshberg. after I
which there, was a programme of dancing.
Degree of Honor.
The firFt session of the Grand Lodge of I
the Degree of Honor was called to order ]
> • Bterday morning by Grand Lady of I
Honor Mrs. Viola S. Norman, in the Me- I
morial Hall of the Odd Fellows' building.
All the grand officers and representatives i
were present.
The reports showed that during tho past j
rear there was an increase of fourteen |
lodges and that there is a membership of '
2211. of which 32S are beneficiary members.
There was a gain of 611* members during
the year, of which 134 were beneficial.
There were fifty visitations during the
year.
A gTeat deal of routine business was
disposed of. The most important was the
change of sessions of the Grand Lodge
from annual to biennial. The money that
will be paved in that way will be used in
extension work.
To-day the urand officers will be elected
for the ensuing year and the grand body
will terminate its labors. After the ad
journment of the Grand Lodge the ritual
istic work was exemplified by the drill
team of Ivy Lodge of Oakland. Supreme
Master Bickford a"d Past Grand Master
Harnes visited the Grand Lodge and ad
dressed it.
jpy^'^y *jl ¦¦ ue3 vt%
The Ideal Man.
There Is much rivalry between the various
colleges as to which will oroduce the Ideal
man. By this they mean a vigorous, honest.
Intellectual man. who will make the world bet-
ter for having lived. Health will demand first
consideration, for upon that depends bratn and
achievement. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will
keep the bowels regular and the stomach
healthy by curing all stomach disorders. It also
prevents malaria, fever and ague. Try It.
For Bilious and Nerrous Disorders
fire Without a Rival.
AimUAL SALES OVER 6,00(^000 BOXES.
lOcontaand 95centa. at all drag- stores.
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025UEAGXTMT. Established
In I*sl for the treatment of Private
Dlseitses, LcstManhixKl. Debility or
disease on brtdyami mind and
skin Dlwaaes. TbedocuVreureswheri
Hihersfall. Try him. Chitrgev low
Cur<>«ciinr.ini«-ril. Callorwiite.
Dr.J,t'.UlUDU>,IIoi lU37.iau t'ii..cutu
AMERICAN LINE.
HTW TOES. 80OTHAMPT0S. LONDOS. PAB2SL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul April 4! St. Paul April 23
St. Louis April 11 1 St. Louis May 3
New York April 13i New York May a
RED STAR LINE.
New Yorlf orjd Antwsrp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frle^land April 4' Kensington ....April 23
Southwark April ll' Noordland May 2
Westernland ...April IS, Frtesland May 9
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 13 and
from Seattle May 2-4, to Nome and tjt. Michael.
Subsequent sailings. June 30. July 31, Aus. 30.
First and second class passage. Xo steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONA!. NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery at., or any of io agents.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL
The
Rights
and
Duties
of
Wives
and
Husbands
Stenographic
report of dis'
cussions by
"Jenny June"
Croly, Mrs. Al"
mon Hensley,
Judge Chas. A.
Truax and Pre
fessor Franklin
Giddings.
t&F
Two
News-
boys
Have
a
Very
Swell
Dinner,
Take a box at
the opera and
tell the Sunday
Call readers all
about it.
OF APRIL 8 WILL CONTAIN THE FOLLOWING
EXCEEDINGLY INTERESTING ARTICLES : : : : :
"LEA."
Beginning of Great Fiction Story by
MARCEL PREVOST.
"SENATOR NORTH."
The Latest Novel of
GERTRUDE
ATHERTON
Reviewed by B. G. Lathrop.
Prince Cupid Tells
Why He Has Left Hawaii
Forever.
HOW TO CARE FOR BABY.
Illustrated.
General Wood
And the Cuba of To-Day
EASTER PREPARATIONS.
Full' Page Drawing by
N. Gertrude Clark.
What Edward F. Searles
Has Done for Art.
Westlake in Court.
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— The examina
tion of Mark Westlake for the recent bru
tal murder of Robert Watts, whose mutl
iated body was found in a swamp near
the city, was begun to-day. The prosecu
tion is making what seems to be a strong
case, and it is generally believed West
lake will bo held for trial. He is the man
who sold Watts' watch and who had in
his possession some of the murdered
man's effects.
Company F's Social Officers.
The members of Company F, N". G. C,
held an election for their social officers
on Tuesday with the following result:
Hoard of administration — «'harles D. Cook.
Milton A. Nathan. Recording secretary. K. A.
Millican. Financial secretary, William Conn.
Company clerk, Richard Jantzen. Recruiting
committee— William A. Varney, O. W. Iverscn.
Preston H. Ralne. V. C. Meyers. Richard Mac-
Donald. Social committee— William M. Hljc-
Sins, Oscar H. Fernhack. Harry Homer, John
L. Simmons, Charles O'Connor. Range commit
tee— Charles D. Cook. Henry W. I^osch^r,
Henry V. O'lirien, Andrew Irving-. Gus Oem
balla.
The meeting last night was the twelfth
anniversary of the company anil was
well attended by the members. A reunion
will be held on the 17th instant, when a
jolly smoker will form a portion of the
programme. On the following Sunday the
first shoot of the season will be held at
Schutzen Park.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp»ar-«tre«t Wnarf at 10 a. m.
CADE £12 First Class Includics BertJj
I HnL $3 Second Class and .Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
April J
COLUMBIA »ail 3 April 1
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. liutJe.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General As»nt.
S3) Market st.
CCODALL, PERKIN3 & CO.,
Superintendents.
Republican Committees.
There will be a meeting of the execu
tive committee of the Republican State
Central Committee at the Palace Hotel
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. The general
committee will meet at Golden Gate Hall,
on Sutter street, to-morrow at 1 p. m.
Immediately after the adjournment of the
State Central Committee to-morrow there
will be a meeting of the First Congres
sional District Republican Central Com
mittee.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
nen First and Brann.in street*. 1 d. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at HonKkonic with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on beard on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARtT ,
Wednesday. April 25th. 1100
SS. AMERICA MARK.. Saturday. May 13th. 13to
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. Juna lith. DOO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passasre apply at company's office.
421 Market St., corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Ajrent.
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TBANSATLAHTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^-»_
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <f<r c •>
Saturday, from November 2. IS3O, at •*«*->«-^
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton «t. ; LA BRETAONE. April 5; L'AQ.CI-
TAINE. April 12; LA GASCOGNE, April U;
LA TOURAINE. April M. FJrst cln*» to
Havr*. $80 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
en round trip. Second class to Havre. Jl5; 3
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITET> STATES ANI> CAN-
ADA. 32 F.roadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
Altents. B Montgomery aye.. San Francl3co.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TU'IN-FCRKW EXPRESS SERVICR
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). riIEKi:OL*RO.
(PARIS) AND HAMr.URO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CIIERHnCUG AND HAM-"
BtTRO. AL?O NEW YORK TO CIIEnROL'IKJ
For Saliintr. etc.. Apply tn
HAMTirRO-AMEKICAN LINE. 37 KMWjr. NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Rpserved for Co.'s passfngprsi on application.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. A*ts. for I'acifl- Coast.
401 California »t.. comer Pan.wmc <J. F.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJQ,
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thur*. anil Sat. at 9:15
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. ni»;hO; Kr!-
days. Ip. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:Si> a. m #i j
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier Xo. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ' r3r 3
9
e^SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PfPTNnFP OFFICE o? the Pan Franclrco
Call. r»mer of Mnrket anil Third streets, open
BHtfl 1? oVlock every n'.eht In rhe year.
BSAKCB OKFJCKF-J27 MsT.tßcmerjr street.
eOitiej Clay: rjmn _ntll *:"."> p. m.
SPO Hayes street: open until S:SO p. m.
CIS McAllister ftreet: open ur.tll ?:"0 p. m.
n. Larkin street; open until $:30 p. m.
1841 Hl— lm ftreet; open until 10 p. tn.
SO Market ttrect. corner Sixteenth; open
_r.tll • r . m.
106 Eleventh Ftreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
IPSC Valencia ftrwt: open until 9 p. m.
:£3 Polk Ftrret; open ur.tll S p. m.
North-- est corner Twenty-seccnd and Ken-
tucky frr»!f; ojen until 9 p. m.
¦ T~~~T~~~~*"*""^
MEETING NOTICES.
M?SSlo7rTh7p7er~No~79r R- A. M — fl
Hinted meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/\_
EVENING. 7:80 o'clock. Mission lla- M^X
fonlc Temple. 2CCS Mission st. Buni- '~;
ness. P. ML and M. E. M. degrees. By order |
of the H. P. JNO. K. HILLMAN. See.
CALIFORNIA Loice No. 1, I\ and A. «
M . -. -HI meet THIS (THURSDAY) _X\-
EVENING. April 6. at 7:3'j o'clock.
Stated meeting. By orSer of the /~^
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
BOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lod_e No. •
212 F. and A. M.— Stated meeting _f%^
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. '¦^T%J\
o'clock. E. C. HARE. Sec. / >
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— «
Stated ami Thirl Degree THIS
(THURSDAY) EVKNING. at 7 O'clock }LM
•harp. Mastfr M_sor._ are Invited. * V
By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. 1. I. O. <___^_V-
O. F.— Members will meet in the
hall. nUDAT. April 6. at 1:30 p.
m.. to attend the funeral of our /Wl>^
iate brother, n. H. HECKMANN.
nil, FHOTTER, N. O.
THE MEMBERS OF TEMPLAR -^^ai^
Indite No. 17 are respectfully Tn- :g_£_!gyg_.
vital to attend the funeral of our "J*^JS^sr-
late brother. IX J. .STAPLES. *\
from the First Cocgmr_tlon_l Ohurch TO- j
DAY at In. m. C. T. O'NEIL. Sec
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1f.5. I. O. O. F. ,__gS_B»>_. i
Initiation THIS (THURSDAY) Jg_gg«£ j
EVENING. Visitors nel n vS_P*_S**
FRED D. APHWOHTH. N- G. "^ lr - L **^
AHOLPH US E. GRAUPNER. Rec Sec :
ENGROSS INO
P.esoluti> as and dtplcmas t rpecialty. J. W. .
Griffith. Heald's Business College. 24 Post st. 1
i__^l!!_i^^
PROF. A. ICASEBT of Egypt, greatest aatrolo-
triFt end ralmlst in the world: satisfaction
vuftra rteeri 427 Oolden (Jflte aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; dlvcrce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without euccee*: collections. G. W. 1
HOVE, att'y at law. tiO Market, cor. Stocktn.
W. A. 3. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele- j
phone Davis li 4. 410 Kearny St.
Al>Vl< E tr»*e: no charge unless succeisful. W. ¦
W. PAVIIISOX. ?:T Market gt.. cpp. Mason.
y H MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re- •
-uir.ed M-_ctice at 5C3 Cal. ft.. Clun'.e bldg. ,
L. S. CLAP.X. Emrr:a Pprerkels bldg.. 527 Mar- •
fc»t ,t : o^r.fultati-n free: no feey In advance. '
HATH CABINETS THERMAL.
KOP.INSON $5 4-panel folding: see it before !
b-jying. W. P BROWN. Cos". Agt.. 4?6 FM'.s.
BELGIAN lIARIIS.
LORD ESSEX. !r::jiort*_ Fee $15
T*-d<ly Roosevelt, w!n'r Ist price L. A 15
I>r:ta"in Prince, own eon of Lord Britain. 10
I >a_dy Styies, own son of Sir Styles, Imp. 10
Kilcare. imported 5
;!ii,h-c!a^s doe*, from SlO to $75 (bred); also
KTunii bucks lor sale.
K. E. MASON. 1710 Kverett et.. Alameda, Cal. :
Visitors welcome, except Sundays. J
VICTORIA IIAKDITRT— Headed l>y Palaew j
Royal, scoring ti prize?; other bucks at stud
ar.'i for rale; di*s of all grades and strains.
bred and unbrei. :;77 Seventh ay., E. Oakl'd. ,
P2LYER Gray Itabbltry. WW Scott St.. Los j
Anpolef— One of the oldest rabbitrie* In Los .
Angeles; both standard and heavyweight; SOO !
head to choose from; all from Imported Etock.
fOME flrst-class stock at reasonable rates. J. .
N. WILLIAMS. 44G (J. Mott it.. Los Angeles.
UUAUUINU FOX CUILUIt-.V.
EXCELLENT home for children; terms low.
f.a Kay st.. near Hyde. j
WANTED— I or J children to board; German
family. 429 Minna gt.
L.AI>Y war.ts >oung child to -boara; no other
chiliireu: piwd home; reasonable. Box 3005.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
CCHOOL BOOKS bought a_d exchanged.
ji In o. Book <"0 .. Tf>4 Mif=sion ?t.. near Third.
BOOT AND MIOi: BARGAINS.
BARGAINS In ladies' and children's chocs;
drummers' earr.jles at manufacturer** coe_
J. ICOHLB&CKER. MS Fourth Ft. i "
UISINESS CHANCES.
A.— l2J9 — CORNER eaJoon established for many
years and doing a ruEhlng bUßiD^re; rent
:-: '.. bent location; on Sar.scme St.; owner
ciears above Jliy per month- R. G. WILKE,
806 Market et.
_T— »75i^— CORNER saloon; with 11 club and la-
dies' rooms; rent $40; pia.ee establiphed for
years: very r*-Ft location: first-class; paying.
Call R. G. WJLKE. !>O6 Marktt *t.
A — II2J0 — CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
ct_: rent tZh. including rooms; large stock of
liquors and groceries; a first-clans, paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, yO6 Market.
A— ISO— DELICACY store connected with lunch
room; 6 living rooms; rent $17 L 0; best loca-
tion O'F_rrel! Bt. ; must be sold _t once; eick-
nes» in family. R. G. WILKE. Us 6 Market.
A— SIOOO— CORNER grocery and ber. with four
living room.: rent $50; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Miselon st. ; place doing a good
.faying cash business; full value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. Ml Market St.
A— :ZZi>— CIGAR etcre; clearing $4 dally splen-
<3:<3 location; Market and East ets. ; rent $12.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market Bt.
A— J6'/) — SALOON and lunch house: established
rnsr.y year* and doing a good paying busl-
Bess; rent $40; best !<ication; close to 6utter
et. ; Investigate at once; a rare chance. Call
R. G. ' ILKE. $06 Market st.
GROCERY and ealoon; S living rooms: cheap
rer.t; long lease. Call Liquor Dealer-* Jour-
nal. fS'JH California st.
TRANSFER faloon; cheap If sold this week.
Liquor i - a.- ¦-' Journal, S3 :•"•-, California et.
EARGAKf for buying or Belling raloons or any
Insltnw; fair tre_t— lent. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. Z?S-i CaJlfci— ;!a st.. room i,
$7_ft— MECHANICS' Hotel, r.'-ar the city, bar-
galn; <-ther business cause of ea.le. ilc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market Bt.
Jt7S^bL.D-nSTAßLls?H ElTTestaurant " with «
furnished rooi_?; all rented: near car house
transfer: r*nt $35; goir._ to Cape Nome. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H- Market Et.
QUICK sale* Is our motto.
Should you want to buy. Bell or exchange
any property or buslnep*. we are able to
please yrj In every respect.
KROCKLEHURST & MEGLADnERY.
¦ ' ¦* ¦. 7C9 Market rt.
$_oo— s= A LOON fcr Fale north of Market st.; we
have a cash buyer for a good centrally located
lodging house of about W to 55 rooms.
J!_; — P.raneh bakery and confectioner—; cen-
tral: rooms Tor family. Apply J. E. SLIN-
KTY & CO.. KR. oor. Market and Fifth Bt».
A- $!_WV- PARTNER: old -established and popu-
lar confectionery *~d Icecream mfg. ; whole-
sale and retail. KREDO A CO.. 2IVi Geary.
A— I»O— PARTNER; moving and storage busl-
re^s; $150 — orthly. KREDO & CO.. _2>. Geary.
A- H»"TAURA*T: heart of city: great sacri-
. flee; eicknets. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A PAHTNEH wanted: good-paying restaurant;
dewntown: $300. COWING &. CO.. 713 Market.
A RESTAURANT: downtown: irreat wacriflce
•Us .iav. COWING & CO.. 71J Market st.
J3:. r »-RESTAT'RAN*T: north of Market: monev-
• maker. Cal. Investment Co., £32 Market, r. €.
FOR sale-— a half-Interest in one of the- best-
S paying and centrally located »aloons In San
Frnn<Msco; tl"* party df-flres a partner: must
have -:it!sfactr>ry references: need not have
rtpcrii'ii'* In the pajoon buKlneßs; good busi-
ness management is all that is required: the
faloon is doing a larre and profitable business
nnd a lull trial and thorough Investigation
wi!l be given persons Investigating. Box 3257,
Call office.
THE "I>qu!mau" preservative renders leather
;¦; -isnlutfly waterproof; will not harden, crack
f.or discolor leather; prolongs, wear 100 per
cent: try It. it will save you money; airvnts
iv:mtr-d everyvrhere. H. MILLER. -02T. Mission.
MnRGKNTHALER linotype machine] with
rv .'. badness, for sale; easy terms. BYRON
RING, r.15 Kacramento st.
PARTNER -.-anted to 'nvept a small amount
of ir-raejr In Cape Nome property that Is
km\m to lie good. Box 5143, Call office.
<"i_,i, c.v_i.bi< F hMl grocery and bar doing good
hosineee. Ilailro_d Brewery, Valencia St., nr.
Slxtf-enth.
FOR *r.le— riakery, candle?, eiarar- and tobacco;
reasonalile. U7l Market i>t-
LADY partner wanted for flm-class family
f flinlng-t-om. Address 615 Larkln «t.
EIIOE shop lor sale; coed location. 2007*. FM-
«tore it.
ni'SINESS CHANCES— Continued.
LIST YOUR STORE
. SALOON CITY OR COUNTRY. REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH Mi:
. . I CAJf SELL IT FOR CASH
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
Have been In the business In this city
**"*H. C? D^*KER.''i6-O''MARKET'sT!,""''*
PHONE JOHN SL
CO-ItOOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
60 BOARDERS.
CHEAP RENT.
Bargain; price with DECKER, 1010 Market. '
A^SrOC— HOME bakery: fine trade; low rent.
Apply 9 Geary St., room Z.
A^-KOO^PARTNER wanted; $50 a week. Apply
at 9 Geary St., room I.
AN Interest in long-established cash business;
valuaM? etock and fixtures and good will; too
m-.wh work for one: suitable for lady; $3000;
references. Box 3342. Call offlce.
WANTED— SaIes— lan and offlce man to take an
interoFt in a staple and o'.d established man-
ufacturing business; capital required. $2000 to
$f>OOC each. Address bex 3352, Call office.
FANCY grocery, Btrlctly modern: good loca-
tion; unuri:al naertflce. PEN NELL. SUYDAM
_: CO.. wholesale grocers. 4 California st,
j;rx.o_opi*OKTlTNlTY for two experle-ncel cat-
erer* and saloonmen with $2000 each to act as
directors In a corporation already formed;
business established for years: fortunes have
been made therein; only active principals
wanted. Addrets bex S3ll. Call office.
~OR sale cheap to responsible party— Grocery
and bar: established 15 years; full value In
Mock; pays $100 net per month.
HARPER & KREIGER. 312 Examiner bldg.
WILL sell or exchange 4 lots best residence
port'on of Stockton for stock of merchandise
or (mod rooming house. P. J. BARTH, 414
McAlll»ter at.
COAL yard for rent; fine location and does good
business; entirely covered: 3 stalls: also fine
place for milk depot. Inquire of WILLIAM
HENDRICKSON A CO.. room 614. Call bldg.
FOR sale— LfMjglng-house. rettaurant and bar;
gor.d chain-? for man and wife or two part-
ners" owner going to Cap* Nome. Address
•'TOMT" Postolflce, Stockton.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making. horss-
thoelng business; 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR Bale— Branch bakery, candy and notions;
fine location for coffee parlors. 213H Four-
teenth st.. San Francisco. Cal.
GROCERY and bar for sale; cheap; party go-
Ing to Cape Norre. 28 Natoma st.
BEST^PAYING route In city cheap; parties go-
ir.g away. Jl2 Capp at.
$210— SALOON for Bale at a sacrifice. Box 3157.
Call offlce.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty: we at-
tend to everything complete! charters fur-
nished. P.S.M.-:1.C0.. 220 California St.. r. 6-7.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Saoramento at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons bas been established at ,1094 Va-
ienria ft.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. lEth & Valencia.
SELLING cut. half cost. 100 Eets harness. 200
wagons. 1140 Foli»om Bt, near Eighth.
A GOOD chance for llui© money: horse and
wagon for sale. 9C3 Pt. Lobos aye.
CAPK NOME.
CAPE NOME PROSPECTORS call at rooms 1
and 2, 1104 Broadway, Oakland, between •
and 11. cr send stamped envelope for reply;
your family looked after while you are gone.
GRt'B stake wanted by a miner for Cape
Nome, Alaska: will give half interest; is a
Freemason, fair and square dealing. Ad-
nre?R Danish. 231 Kearny st.. room 43.
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount of
n".n<-y in Cape Nome property known to be
pood. Addr*-«s box 3343. Call office.
NOME gold mines; Fmall capital; safe invest-
ment: lartre returns. Box 3317. Call office.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
\CiIEN you become dlFgusted with poor work
rend to BPAULDDJG'fI Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3i3-3f.7 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Heating and Kcno-
vstlnc Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pteam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 28-40 Bth st.: tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
413 StevenKon St.; tel. South C2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et. ; tel. Jessie 344.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutler Bt.;
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her aeristance Is priceless. Her "Re— ealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
ail diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all ekin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the w_ole slope.
WRITE
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon tbou-
tands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept 6acredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oaklar.d. Cal.
N. B— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get eff at Clinton Station. ?d station from
Uroadway.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, Is located at 43
Sixth et. : spiritual labor readings dally from
9 a. m. to 7 p. m.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader.
1424 Market Et.. bet. Seventh and Eighth,
room l«: ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 60S McAllister St.; 10c; come skeptics.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. dally; consult, free;
meeting to-night; all Invited. 14S 6th. rm. 1.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1428 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Cir. Mon. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m.. 25c; Bit. daily.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 235 McAllister; spiritual
readings dally: test cir. to-night, Thurs. at 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
me.iluTT 1. life render: sitting-. 31. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME?^lCr^EißvA^?rE^r^hTc7lebrated SpanlßlT
fortune teller: gives best advice in difficult
matters. 1» Fulton st.. near Larkin.
MADAM BYLYESTER. the celebrated BClentlflo
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee, ladles,
tOo; cents. $1; 10 a. m. to S p. m. 313 Eddy Bt.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
neck to know answered, without questions;
satisfaction; readings M)e and $1. 126 O'Farre-11.
MME. XEREDA of 5 Seventh st Is the origin-
gypsy life reader; readings 23e.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmi-try. 2.">e; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. DR. WEST, business and test medium,
returned: magnetic treatmts. 17 6th. rms. 1-1.
Mi'F HANSON, palmistry, I<V: card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth »t.. r. 12.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op. Mint.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212yt Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
MME BYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no~ch_rgT_n^
1»~ Bucces-ful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— 9-ROOM cottage, with barn; io~Vlcksb_rg
Bt., near Twenty-second and Church. SPECK
& CO
COTTAGE of 6 rooms In center of town, within
half-block of Oakland and San Leandro elec-
tric cars; with half-acre of fruit, barn and
chicken yard: $15. DRIVER, ABER & CO.,
Fan Leandro,
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HHIGINS' dental parlors, 327
Market Bt., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the beet and most artistic dental
* work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platen our specialty; gold crowns,
jr. CO up: plates, extractions free: $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. n:. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 3
p. ro .. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 rears; plates. $3; crowns.
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
MEYER. Deutscner Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; painless
1 ext.. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
DBKTISTB.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber Plate, $5; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate. $-5; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
Fpecialty; tee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Btroncer than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. FCc; crowns, $3 50; all work
pairiless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
iors. 24 Sixth Bt.
DR. GEOP.GE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell b_. ex-
tractß and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; trowns. $2: bridges, »4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prlxe«: no students; guaranteed 12 year-.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
Filver. SOc: painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LTJDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per tet; extracting 60c; gas given.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 113 Third St.; crown-
bridge work; ext. painless; full set teeth $7.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25tf.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, mi Polk «t.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tor*: open evenlncs and Sundays. S5O Market.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pill- by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dor Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dog- hoarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 van Ness.
PLAIN skirts mode. $1 50: binding on skirts,
3:.c. MISS KELTER, 703 Geary st.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Inir. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor ft Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post *t.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged in departments; pay only for what
you get. Call or address 819 Market at.
BOOKKEEPING es it Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL ttudents but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
AYRES', leading business college, 723 Market;
Individual Instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand. typing; life scholarship. $50: catalogue.
ENGINEERING; civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
FRF<NClT,Spanlfih,etc.,Prof.De Fillppe's Academy
of l_nsnase*.3_O Post;cgtab'd 1871; ablest prufi.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 100S Mission: violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Minion, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail:
lan-uag--. Miss M. C. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domettic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fire years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
¦Tif.«t he!r-. 414V4 O'FaTfll «t.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALIC.
SWEDISH girl wishes place to assist, $10;
German woman, good cook and houseworker,
$15: Hwedlfh second girl, good waitress, $20,
and a Swedish cook. 3 years last place. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter ft.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; 3 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 3-o Sutter st. ¦
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly; can do any kind; good
hnusecleaner; would go by day or any way.
ir.3H Third St.. room 8^
COMPETENT girl wishes place to do house-
work; good cook and laundress; city or coun-
try. 114 Propped place, off California, be-
tween Stockton and PoweU^
DRESSMAKER who thoroughly understands
cutting and fitting would like a few select
customers; latest styles and best work; $1 25
day. 6 Elwood Et.
ENGAGEMENTS In families by flrst-class
dressmaker; tailoring and fancy dresses; good
city reference; $2 per day. 689 O'Farrell st.
GIRL wishes situation to do houpework or
second work. Apply A. 8., Y. W. C. A.. 1221
O'Farrell st.
WOMAN who understands both housework and
downstairs work: desires position; wages
$2.\ $30. 1910 Steiner s^
LADY with piano wishes room In exchang* for
lessons: willing to assist with sewing; city
or country. Box A, 300 Hayea. Branch.
A RESPONSIBLE young lady stenographer
and typewriter wants position; salary no ob-
ject. Address box 97, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as cham-
bermaid in lodging-house or housekeeper;
good at plain sewing. 140 Minna *t.\ room 18.
GERMAN girl wants place to do housework
and plain cooking; 'wages $15 to $18 a* month.
Call 602 Bush Bt. : no poatals.
HOUSEWORK wanted by the day. Call or
address 232 Seventh st^
STRONG willing girl, with some experience,
for general housework. Apply at 217 Polk.
DRESSMAKER, fashionable; will go out or
work in. 711 Franklin sIU
EXPERIENCED laundress wants to work In
public or private laundry. 349*4 Minna, rm. _,
WOMAN wishes situation; washing. Ironing
and housecleaning. 1436 Pacific st.
COMPETENT woman wants charge of infant
or children; city or country; good reference;
apply afternoons. 12T.9 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; $L
Inquire 78 Third St.
SWEDISH girl would like position to do second
work In private family. Call 757 Harrison t>U
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: SOO rooms: 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and taegaKe to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FJllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GENTLEMAN, 28, exceptional ability and ref-
erences, lots of energy, plenty nerve and per-
serverance, large advertising and general
business experience, original Ideas, thorough
knowledge of German, Russian and partly
French, desires paying position. Box 3013,
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by experienced male nurse
as attendant to- invalid gentleman, mentally
or physically; excellent city references. Box
3305. Call.
SITUATION wanted as city agent or collector;
very well acquainted In city; can give good
references nnd, if necessary, security. Box
3315. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. with 3 years' experience In wine
business; can give the best of references; de-
sires- a position In same; wages moderate.
Box 3011. Call office^
RELIABLE man wants position as chief cook
In hotel or restaurant; best city references.
PETERSON, 615 Larkln Bt.
BITUATION wanted by flrst-class coachman
and cardener; can milk and do all work
around gentleman's place. Box 3318, Call.
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily: understands the care of horses, garden
and can milk; references. Box 3016, Call.
YOUNG man. 24. seeks situation: can drive.
If necessary. O. CLARK. 7K5 Harrison st.
GARDENER. German, single man. desires po-
sltiop; long experience In all branches of gar-
dening. Box 3100. Call offlce.
HORSEMAN wante situation; ' Al references;
has traveled all over the world with prize
stock; good driver and breaker. Box 3396, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED -MALE.
CLERK— Experienced dry goods salesman of
tact and ability, well acquainted with general
and Implements, desires engagement In large
town or country; good references. J. H.
WHITE. 1137 Union st.. San Francisco. ;
WANTED — Work as salesman, stockkeeper or
shipping clerk; experienced In wholesale dry
goods and the glass and china business; can ,
letter neatly with the brush. Address box 2740.
Call offlce, Oakland.
COACHMAN; understanda hla buslnees thor-
oughly; Is capable of taking charge and care
of centleman's residence; Al references. Ad-
dresa C. S.. 1022 Jackson st. '--, ';
CHINESE experienced, first-class cook wishes
position: hotel, boarding house or family;
good references; satisfaction. 116 Prospect
.place, near California and Powell sts. C. M.
WANTED— Situation as porter In commission
house by Intelligent young man aged 20: has
had some experience. Box 3314, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED valet wishes a position with
a sentleman traveling. Box 3346. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as good cook
in a family. F. H.. 248 Ellis Bt. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. : open until 9 p. m. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - -
j EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071H Market st. ; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall, 60c. Phone, Mint 257.
EXCHANGE.
TO exchange — A stock ranch of 320 acres In
Nevada for a small improved farm near city.
Address J. C. SNYDER. 12H Hill st.
DESCRIPTIONS of small tmproved ranches
ne;w city that are for sale or exchange. J.
C. SNYDER. 12H Hill at.
CITY income property to exchange for small
fruit ranch. Box 3390. Call offlce.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NEW flats now ready: 4 to 10 rooms, $20 up.
At SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market Bt.
A BRAND new 4 rooms; porcelain bath, electric
lights, gas, grates, nice storeroom: grand ma-
rine view. 1421 Green st., near Van Ness aye.,
one block from O'Farrell or Sutter Bt. cara.
FURNISHED flats— 3. 6or 9 rooms; $S up; call
10 to 12. 7 St. Mary'g, Pine, near Kearny.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let <
from BALDWIN &HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513%. near Eleventh— 6 large sunny
rooms; bath; laundry; rent reasonable.
SAN CARLOS aye., 366, bet. Twentieth and
Twenty-first— Flat 6 rooms; bath, washstands
and cellar.
TWENTY-THIRD and Guerrero— French sunny
fiat, 7 rooms: wash tubs and porcelain baths.
VALENCIA, 1003, near Twenty-first— Sunny
side; flat 6 rooms and bath.
$6— LOWER flat and yard. 726H Harrison at..
between Third and Fourth.
$12— FLAT of 4 large sunny rooms, bath and
gas. 392S Nineteenth St., bet. Noe and San-
chez; water free.
2 LARGE rooms, with basement. If desired,
and sunny yard; cheap. 11 Harlan place, off
Grant aye.. near Sutter Bt. '
FLAT- TO LET — FURNISHED.
VALENCIA. 223— Sunny flat, partly furnished:
5 rooms. 5 closeta: bath and ga«: reasonable.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
YOUNG couple leaving city desire to sell their
elegant furniture; in use 4 months. Inquire
669 Geary st.
FOR sale— Furniture in 10- room house at 643
Geary et., near Jone«.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1 1 S. r » Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO second girls. $25 and $20; nurse, $20; cook,
$30; waitress, $20; chambermaid, $18; house-
keeper, $15; woman to cook for 15 men, $25;
boarding-house cook, $25: middle-aged wo-
man, light work, $15; German woman to
keep house for one lady, $12; 60 housework
girls, city and country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT IS6
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses, Oakland, Martinez, Madera,
Fresno, city, $20 and $25; 5 chambermaids, to
wait, $20; 3 cooks, hotels, $30 and $35 (see
party here at 10 o'clock); 6 girls to sew on
labels and buttons, 75c a day.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second girl, $25 and $20 (see party
here at 10 o'clock to-day); cook and houso
girl, Palo Alto. $30 (see party hero at 11
o'clock): colored girl, $20; others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MAGGIE CURLEY, pleftse call or send address
to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Cook, $30, see lady at 10 to-day;
mother and daughter, $30; 4 lronera. $9 week
or $25 month; I'rotestant cook, $30, no wash;
10 waitresses. $20, country resorts and city;
7 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7 a week; par-
lor maid and waitress, $25; 6 second girls.
$20: nurse and Becond girls, $15, $20; French
pecond girls, $20; German or Swedish woman
for cleaning, $5 a week; tailoress, $8 or $10 a
week; kitchen maid, $25. J. F. CROSETT
CO., 316 Sutter st^
A— FRENCH lady's maid, $25; Infant's nurse,
$25; colored maid. $6 per' week 1 : colored girl,
housework, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
RESTAURANT waitress, $7 a week; 6 cham-
bermaids to wait one meal, $20: 4 waitresses,
$20 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
GIRLS looking for first-class places can fit-euro
work In private families, hotels, etc., city and
country, by calling on or addressing MISS
CULLEN, 335 Sutter Bt. Phone Grant 120.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB, ROOM 202, 927
. MARKET ST.
2 waitresses; city. __
12 girls; general housework; dty; $25 to $30.
2 cooks for country.
21 other positions^
WANTED— An elderly woman for general
housework In a family of t at Pleasanton. 40
miles from San Francisco; German or Scan-
dinavian preferred; wages $10 to $12 per
month; fare paid. Address. German or Eng-
lish, box 89, Pleasanton, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl to do light
housework for S adults; can sleep home If
preferred; good home; small wages. 2940 Cal-
ifornia Bt. ¦ ; .
A BRIGHT lady of business ability for offlce
position; Bmall capital required. Address
box 3356, C,all office.
WANTED— Neat girl; upstairs work and take
care of child 6 years old. 1131 Lacuna st.,
corner of Eddy.
GIRL about 16 to assist light housework; nice
place for good girl; German preferred. 67
Central aye.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on Jackets
and skirts. City of Paris Dry Goods Com-
pany, Cloak Department.
A FIRST-CLASS chocolate dipper wanted this
morning; dipping by fork preferred. 6 Mis-
sion st.
WOMAN for cooking and housework; small
boarding-house; wages $20. 26 Steuart at..
upstairs. ¦yr^-.
YOUNG girls to Attend to stock at A. CAIL-
LEAU'S, 114-116 Kearny St.
WANTED— Young girl to wait table and up-
ftalra work; small hotel. 662 Fulton at.
GIRL to do general housework; no washing;
wnges $20. I Scott st. .-'¦:¦.;
WOMAN to do washing and Ironing; Mondays;
$1 a day and carfare. 1 Scott st.
GIRL wanted for upstairs and children; refer-
ences. 2311 Broadway. .'¦: ¦¦¦:¦¦* ¦"".
TAILOUESS wanted for bushellng department.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
GOOD chambermaid who can assist waiting at
table. Hotel Miramar, 703 Geary at.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted for bindery.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay Bt.
EXPERIENCED lroner on ladles' and chil-
dren's wear. 723 Market St., room 35.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1040 Mc-
Allister at., Hughes bakery.
WANTED— A German girl for general houte-
work. 2109 Taylor st.
GOOD SEWER wanted. 1423 Polk st.
WANTED— Woman for second work In kitchen.
Apply 631 Ellis St., restaurant.
YOUNG girl to mind two small children. 1237
Howard at.
GIRL for general housework: good cook; $20.
2217 Octavia St., corner Jackson.
TRIMMERS and makers wanted. New York
Millinery, 1208 Market st.
YOUNG girl for light houpework; morning and
evening; sleep home. 27324 Howard st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; family of
four: $20. 1312 >ell st. r ,
WOMAN for general housework. Apply at 1016
Market st.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats; steady
work. 22& Geary st.. room 44.
WANTED— Vest finishers. 718 Market st.
W ANTED— A girl to do housework. 1143 Mar-
ket at.
TWO first-class finishers on custom-made coats;
good wages. J. C. COHN & CO.. 775 Market.
STARCHER wanted at St. Nicholas Laundry,
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
YOUNG woman to help In kitchen; light work;
$10. Call 1909 McAllister Bt.
NEAT girl; general housework; sleep home;
wages $15. 776 O'Farrell at.
COOK— Young girl for cooking. Call between
10 and 2 at l£o4 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress. COHN. Ladles' Tai-
lor, 232 Sutter at.
GIRL to assist with second work and care for
2 children. 1622 Geary st.
YOUNO girl to assist with light housework.
Apply at 11 Erie st.. near Mission.
APPRENTICE with experience to assist tal-
loress. 238 Ellis Bt.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at
623 Fourth St.. after 8 a. m.
GIRL wanted to wait at table. 823 Fourth ¦_
LUNCH and dinner waitress: 6 hours; $20 per
month; must be neat and active. Apply at
JOHNSON'S. 28 Montgomery Bt.. between 10
and 12 a. m.
WANTED— Young girl 14 to 18 years, to care
for child of 6; moderate salary; good home.
16 Landers st.
WANTED— Good talloress on custom coats.
306 A Mason st.
GERMAN girl; general housework; small fam-
ily; good wages. 933 Haight st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and care
of children; $15. 718 Steiner Bt.
GIRL or woman for housework In a small
family; good wages. 624 Oak st.
FIRST-CLABB talloress on fine coats; wages
$12. 6im Jones st.. near O'Farr ell.
WANTED— Respectable girl for housework In
private family; $15 per month; good home.
1215 Bush, between Hyde and Larkln.
A GIRL wanted to assist In general housework;
must sleep at home. 600 Clayton st.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 609 Kearny st., room I.
* ___
GIRLB WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO.. 86H Fremont st.; elevator.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELABCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market at.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
shirts. ROOERSON. 635 Valencia st.
NIGHT school reopens April 2; speed claes $3
per mo. Ayres' Bueiness College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2229 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
....Leading Employment and Labor Agents —
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
Surveyor for a large ranch $3 to $5 day
Blacksmith for a mine $2 60 day
6 blacksmiths for Bhops, ranches, etc., $2 60,
$2 day. $45, $30 and found
Cut-off sawyer, $2 to $2 50 day, city Job
2 gardeners, private places.. s3o, $25 and found
6 men or boys for hop fields, fare $1..530 & fd.
Young man for paint store, city $6 week
Middle-aged man to drive light wagon
$30 and room
MARRIED
6 men and wives for ranches, institutions and
vineyards, $30, $35, $40 and found
MUUKAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
BAND sawyer. $4 day. .carriage trimmer, $3 day
4 blacksmiths and helpers, $2 50, $2 day
Tail-edger hand, $30 fd. ; woodworker, coun-
try, $40 and found
CARPENTERS
6 carpenters. 4 months' Job. house building,
$3 day; 12 laborers for a sawmill C 0.'.530 & fd.
Carriage woodworker, city $2 50 day
Gardener, $25 and fd. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay St.
A— FOR A SYNDICATE „
BANK; YOU'LL SUIT
12 men or strong boys to dig small trenches ao
water can run down between vines, trees.
etc.; help generally; what you don't know the
general manager will teach you; $20 per month
and found; fare $1 10
LOOK HERE
15 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb and hoe
in an orchard (no experience required), fare
SOc, $17 50 and found
TO THE MINES. ...SPECIAL R. R. RATES
10 laborers (no experience required), you'll
suit, wages $48 per month and found, steady
Job: 12 miners, different gold mines. $75 and
$3 day: 15 muckers, come at once. $63 and fd.
STABLES. DAIRIES. KARMS, ETC
69 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for differ-
ent places $35, $30, $26. $25 $20 and found
18 milkers $30. $25 and fd.. good places
12 chore boys and men. $25, $20, $15, $10 and fd.
6 men to buck coal $75 and $80
WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS
864 men for above work $3, $2 50. $2. $1 75,
$1 60, $1, 75c cord: 13c, 12c, lie each; tools and
food advanced: some fare paid and at mines.
TEAMSTERS. ETC
27 scrapers, 4-horse teams, large ranch, $26
and found: 5 teamsters, special ranches, $32 50,
$26 and found, fare $1; other places
IN AND NEAR SAN FRANCTSCO
6 2-horse teamsters $26 and found
16 laborers, fare 35c $27 50 and found
23 laborers, good Jobs, $1 75 day, $30
....2 BUTCHERS 4 TAILORS....
. HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
37 cooks. $50. $43. $40,. 535, $30. $25 and found;
25 waiters and dishwashers, $30. $25, $20, $15
and found
7 laundrymen $25, $30, $26 and found
Several second and third cooks, porters; 6
ranch cooks, and 250 Jobs not advertised
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
FARE PAID: NEW JOB FARE PAID
10 laborers (no experience); $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
A— li» TEAMSTERS, laborers and rockmen.
$1 75 and $2 a day, for railroad work; free
fare
10 quarts miners, $2 60 a day; 6 miners for
quicksilver mine. $2 50 a day; furnace man,
$2 r.O a day: 20 muckers for mine. $2 10 a day;
2 black powder men, $2 60 a day; band saw-
yer and edgerman, country: cut-oft sawyer,
city, $2 a day: wheelwright. $2 60 a day;
ranch blacksmith, $30 and board: tlemakers
and woodchoppers: 20 farmers, $26, $25 and
$20: 2 milkers. $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN
St CO.. 104 Geary at.
A— BROILER, restaurant. $55: French cook.
$50; broiler, hotel, $40: window baker, $40;
dishwasher and vegetable man, same country
hotel, $25 each; kitchen hand for Institution,
country. $25: potwasher, mine boarding-house,
$25: 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $30, $25
and $20
German waiter, country hotel, $30; 3 wait-
ers country. $30 and $25; 5 restaurant waiters,
$40. $35 and $30.
2 neat be-llboys with references, $10; htil
and elevator boy, $15: barber and do porter
work for resort. C. R. HANBEJJ & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Stableman on ranch, steady Job, $30
and board: wagonmaker, country shop, going
wages: 14 farm hands for orchards, vineyards,
etc., $25 and J2G per month; 6 milkers, $25 to
$30; young German to learn confectionery
' trade, country store, $15 and found to start:
woodchoppers and others. W. D. EWER _:
CO.. 610 Clay at.
A— MAN and wife, ranch, country, $40. good
place: apply early. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter Bt.
A— RANCH hand, $20; good place; apply early.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
ROOM 203. 927 MARKET ST
Jap. cook: country; wages $20, $25; must b«
recommended; call before 10:30.
ROOM 203, 927 MARKET ST
Gentleman who understands stenography,
typewriting and bookkeeping; good position.
ROOM 203. 927 Market Bt.— Yard hands; tan-
nery: experienced: steady emDloyment.
BARBERS" Progressive- Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
EXPERIENCED manager for medlutn-Blsed
printing offlce; must be competent proof-
reader; permanent position to good live man.
Address, with references, stating ability and
nalary. A. 8., box 3316, Call offlce.
BITSHELMAN wanted. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m.. CHARLES LYONS. London Tailor.
721 Market st. t
A RESPONSIBLE young man of business tact;
permanent position; fair salary to commence;
email capital required. Box 3359, Call.
STRONG boy to work In coal yard; one who
understands the care of horses. Apply at 725
Valencia St.; call after 9.
A— SINGLE man. about 20. to help In real es-
tate offlce. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CASHBOY wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO..
718 Market st.
WANTED — Retail grocery salesman of experi-
ence. Box 3015. Call.
FIRST-CLASP coatmaker for, the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.
SALESMAN who understands stationery; state
references. 5 Addrees box 3009, Call.
WANTED— Buahelman at once. RAPHAEL'S.
TAILOR on ladles' garments. Apply Dress-
makiner Dent.. Emsorlum.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
WA^TED^F^rin^r~ariorwlfe. $40; M farmers.
$26; 8 milkers, $25 and $30: 10 laborers for mill
and woods, go to-day, fare allowed. $-6 ana
board and Increase: carpenters. $3 day; 15 sin-
gle-hand miners. $2 50 day; 2 Burleigh drill
miners. $3 day; teamster. $1 day and board,
machinist for country, $2 50 day; young man
for grocery. $15 and found; furnaceman for
mine and many others. J. F. CROSETT
Asency, 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook. $40; iunch cook. $25:
ranch cook. $20; waiters. $11. $7; colored wait-
er. $25 and found: dishwashers. $15. $25; hall
. man, hotel, $15 and found: candymaker, $2 J).
$3 day. and other hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cake baker: must know ornament-
Ing; steady, sober man only. 32 Sixth st.
BARBER for evenings. Saturday and Sunday;
steady place. Box 3012. Call.
PRESPERS wanted on ladles' cloaks. Apply
L. HORVITZ. 751 Market^s^
GOOD grill worker wanted at Bxcelslor Wire
Works. 751 Mission Bt.
MECHANIC for carpenter and gen. repairing
In hotel; $30 mo. and board. Box 3014. Call.
WANTED— Young butcher. US Seventh st.
SHOEMAKBR on repairing; steady Job. Box
3010, Call.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
ELDERLY man for hotel; help around office.
3377 Twenty-sixth rt.
"WANTED — a waiters for restaurant. 173
Fourth st. __¦ ______
WAITER for lunch hous« from 11 to 1 P. "-
115 Dnimm st. ______
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 f«et
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
•nd speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 4C Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
680 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
GRUBSTAKE— «O miners and laborers for Nome
and return; $5 per day. board and lodging;
must have responsible and reliable parties;
applicants must have $110. 89 Murphy bldg..
1236 Market St.. 10 to 12 and 2 to 6.
WANTED— Young man with small capital;
light, genteel work; $15 to $IS per week. Par-
ticulars at COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY. 28
Geary at.
EXPERIENCED salesmen to solicit country
family trade for a large wholesale house; sta-
ple article; good pay. Address box 3002. Call.
SHOEMAKERS wanted, McKay and Goodyear
lasters: also competent stock fitter and bot-
tom finishers. Q. M. KUTZ CO.. 103 Mission.
WANTED— Strong, experienced male attendant;
mental care; wages $30. 1832 O'Farrell. a. m.
MILK wagon driver; Scandinavian preferred;
wages $30 a month and found. 145 Noe st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St., San Rafael; telephone red 15.
MEN and women to learn barber, halrdressing
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL, 741 A Howard st.
BARBER shop; building, ground, lease: coun-
try; first class; part cash. O. W. 8.. Mill
Valley.
BARBERS— I want to buy a small 60 or 100
shop. Box 3162. Call.
BARBERS: first-class man wishes to rent fur-
nished shop. S or 3 chairs, with living rooms
attached: option of purchase; town or coun-
try. Addresss box S3S3. Call offlce.
SALESMAN for hardware In San Francisco
and surrounding towns: permanent position
to energetic party; experience not necessary.
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. Cleveland. Ohio.
GRUBSTAKE — 50 miners and laborers for Nome
and return; $5 per day. board and lodging;
must have responsible -and reliable parties. S3
Murphy bldg., 1236 Market. 10 to 12 and 2 to 5.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER wanted to buy barber shop; modern
furnishings; 2 revolving chairs, etc.; best lo-
cation in Alameda; will sell very cheap: as a
whole or In lotß to suit; cash or Installments.
Apply Oakland Auction Co., 465 Twelfth st..
Oakland, or E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st., Ala-
meda.
WANTED— First-class ladles' . tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S. 403 Sutter st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C 62 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2 1 sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks;
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season: handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution In ths
world teaching the barber and halrdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. Branches— Ban Francisco, New York.
Et. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go nortb. for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A FRESH carload of horses, all solid colors.
Jurt from the Canty ranch. ISS Valencia st. ;
also a carload of broodmares, with foal.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
WANTED— Carload mules, broken or unbroken;
under 8 years: weight 1000 pounds or over.
Box 3003, Call.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzer's
Horse Market. Twelfth nnd Market ats.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
$300-^TEN^ROOM house; splendid funiltur..
DECKER. 10-0 Market st.
16-ROOM house; hair-top mattresses; oak furni-
ture; rooms all rented; must sell. DECKER,
1020 Market it,
A — 44- ROOM corner: electric elevator $3300
80 rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton 730
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash 22H0
16 rooms;. new furniture; rent $65 1600
Partner In 28-room house 1100
20 rooms on Turk street 800
8-room flat; new; elegant 550
18 rooms on 1 floor; near Call offlce 650
37 rooms; on Howard st. ; only $300 cash.. 400
SO rooms; fine punny corner; on one floor. 900
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 45*
65 rooms; on Bush st.; clears $250 2SOO
SO rooms; on Kearny St.; grand bargain.. 2»>o
3S rooms; on Market Bt. ; payments 1300
60, 40 and 125 rooms; boarding house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 6L
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market gt.. opp Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO 22H GEARY ST.
Money to Loan at Low Rates
x Telephone Black 6052.
9-rocm flat: newly furnished: central.... $400
10 rooms: nicely furnished: cheap SCO
10 rooms; new ami good: profitable. ...... 1000
16 rooms; new and good: profitable 900
25 rooms; modern corner: offices 2700
10 rooms; fine corner; central: only 400
105 rooms; modern; with elevators 6500
12 ROOMS; 3 blocks N. of Market $450
16 rooms; Geary st.: fine and full 1600
26 rooms on G. G. aye.. cor.: rent $100.... 1650
32 rooms; cor.; 2 blocks of Mkt.: rent $100. 900
64 rooms: 1 block of Mkt.: money maker. 3500
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. nr. Call bldg.
NICE 12-room house, Ellis, near Jones. $4M; 18
rooms, nice furniture. Geary st.. $600. C D
DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market st.
A — WANTED: good tenants for new houses;
*5 and 150 rooms. At SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Mkt.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new caeh buyer daily.
FOR Bale — Furnished flat for couple; 4 gentle-
men roomers: 1 man pays the rent. Address
box 3351. Call office.
ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms, bath,
laundry: nice yard; permanent roomers:
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market:
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. .200 Flllmore st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
AT 28 Morris aye.. oft Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house; laundry, yard, cellar;
water free; perfect repair; $13; investigate.
FINE 2-story and basement house: modern
improvements; fine flower garden; 1731 Bu-
chanan St.. bet. Sutter and Post. Apply 623
Golden Gate aye.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let— A furnished house: 10 rooms, with mod-
ern Improvements: large garden, lawn. etc.
Apply on premises, 2143 Larkln st., after 4
p. m., or of owner, S. OTIS, at SIS Montgom-
ery at.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A pass-book with the Hlbernl* Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, In the
name of LIZZIE KELBER. No. 91-431. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST 5 sharea stock In Pacific Undertaking
Co (certificate No. 81). Please return sam«
to 777 Mission st.
LOST Bar pin of 7 diamonds; liberal reward.
Return to St. Nicholas Hotel.
LOST— Sunday, a black field spaniel called
Sport ; reward. 14158 Hayes st.
MEDICAL.
DRS GOODWIN. t^Je well-known ladles' physi-
cian formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; ruarant»e<l
treatment $S: saf* and reliable cure In on»
day 13 years' successful practice In S. T.I
maternity home; low fees. KXKH Market st.
DR G W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' -specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed tn S. F. for years: treated thousand* of
razes successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write cr call at IC23^ Market st.
MRS DR. KOHL. ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at offlce. $3: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 112 Market st. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to & p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; horn*
In confinement; guwante««l treatment at of-
fice «• any ailment: eonsui—tltn.- rre*. 94»
Post st.. between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladies* special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at of flee. $5: b*(»
and reliable: consultation free?; hours 10 t» S.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 13M Market: ladies'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late fclen-
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, ths ladles" specialist. 1113 Market
st. : every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. JAMES FIERCE. 104 Turk »t.. the eminent
female specialist: home or offlce treatment $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1112 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easea of the human body. 115 Mason *t-
IIGDICATBD DATHS.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures: revitalizes, saves life and doctor
bills;' outfits for sale: agents wanted: s*nd for
booklet. ANIPROSI3. 47 Po»t st.. 3 F. Cal.
MILL VLLLEY HOUSES,
TO let— Mill Valley residence. « mo. or more;
modern. 12 rooms, stable, bearing orchard. 3
block* from station. P. GARDNER. Mill
Valley. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BALERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second,
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
$100 PREMIUM will b« given to any one who
can cause water to penetrate the fibers of
leather after being treated with The Esqui-
mau; It does not crack, harden or discolor th»
leather; agents wanted everywhere; send 25a
for sample can. Address 2G25 Mission st.
FOR sale— Steerage ticket on first boat to
Nome. Apply RICHARD UHTE. 425 San-
Borne »t.
'8S RAMBLER bicycle; fine condition; own-r
leaving city; $10 cash. Addrecs box 3338. Call.
FOR sale— Patterns for 2-H. P. gas engine;
castings for small engine, work half fln-
lahed. 135 Douglass St. _
FOR sale— Drawing Board. 36x43; printing
frame with glass, 38x42. 185 Douglass st.
PLAT In O. F. Cemetery: choice location. Old
Friends' Homestead; sloping ground: no rea-
sonable offer refused. C. H. BLOHM. 11l Calif.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter. 10 months old;
will sell at a bargain. 2325 Sixteenth st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
MAKE walking easy by wearing rubber heels:
recommended by physicians; put on while you
wait; fOc. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 13th.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1303 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIQALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fednra hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular PriceHatters^M_Ke^r^y_s^_jir^^in_
A FINE suit $10; dress pants $2 75. Misfit
Clothing Parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
> COMPLETE outfit of Id-hand sausage ma-
chlnery. Mclntosh A Walpman. 135 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; tron and wood
planers: lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
8 H P. STEAM hoist and boiler In perfect
order; cheap. H. 9. WHITE. SIS Mission *t.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork:
latest attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale an-1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California St.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFXS. new and second-hand, all slies. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Coyote nklns and ether furs; price*
have advanced; ship to us at once If you
want highest market prices. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. dealers in hides and fura,
33 Clay St., San Francisco. CaL
WANTED — Old fast-flying pigeons: no squabs.
For terms and shipping directions apply to
San Francisco Trap Shooting Association, 228
Market St.. room 6.
WANTED— Thoroughbred St. Bernard pup
(male); reasonable; state price. Box SfOS.
Call offlce.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHKAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates tn probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldy.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaia
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowent ratas. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. W Slxta;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture ana
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; quick,
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
Cg and €9. Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silTer bought-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 508 Kearny st.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture an 4
other collateral. D McRAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without securltf.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge-.. 431 CalA
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 36S Parrott buliS-
lcg— Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORR^LL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $10,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 4U Montgomery.*
On furniture, planoa. without removal- no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAl!l3t»r.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market »t.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indo-ser-
ether propositions; private rooms. San Kran4
clscr. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL I\STHIMIE.\TI
YOU MAY HAVE WHAT WE w\nT
WE WANT MONEY WHICH TOUM\TH«T
WE HAVE PIANOS WHICH YOU MAY WANT
Our planoa are the DECKER & SOY P\CK
pS£^a_s__f^Ss
J____g_gi__jg^^_^U^^
A^ L . kla . d^ of mu! >«cal Instruments sold for cash
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1900.
101111BTEINWAY PIMOS
USED AT ALL
PADERBWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
PaeiTts Csait ReprtitaUUvei.
©DENTAL PARLORS ©
£& SAVE ONE-HALF YOUR DLNTAL BILL. jg&
W . COA\PARE OUR PRICES WITH OTHERS.
x 3' Painless Methods, 10 Years' Guarantee. SP
Evenings until 9. Sundays all ? I ii\7 fk "\T \7 T~% 4~\f\ Alt "
J^ J day. Written Kuarantee 10 yrs. ? \/\ I^| V tvVrV/ IVI ££S
W~h3 1 1<>llI! Set of Teeth, pain- ? S^3?
T less extractions free..* 1.00 up ? (OUR NEW HOME).
®' Gold Crowns. 22-k :«.r.O up » .«_. .. „ itSa
1 Fiiiinss up } 1001 Market street, Wgffl
Teeth Without Plates Our * _ ... ' _. ¦
®J Specialty. We clve caa. S. W- Corner Sixth. |^fe
• • ¦*-•.••••.. SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY. |@r
The Lar^c-it OSfice West of Chicago*
Jfsse Moore "A A" whiskey Is used at all prin-
cipal hospitals in the t.'nltod States. Why is it?
Gets the Late Douglas Quint's Place.
J. A. Witty, messenger in the auditor's
department of the Custom-house, was ap
pointed by Customs Collector Jackson yes
terday as assistant weigher in place of
the \ate Douglas U. Quint, who was
found dead in bed a few days ago.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old number 21 Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 6522.
A I^l. the evidence the San Francisco
jobbers will offer In opposition to
the claims <.f the St. L*iuis whole
salers, now being heard by the In
terstate Commerce Commission, is
In The local merchants closed their case
yesterday afternoon.
This morning at '-• o'clock the St. Liouis
contingent will introduce the testimony of
some interior retailers, after which the
Commissioners and others interested in
the subject will take a trip around the
bay In the Governor Markham to inspect
San Francisco's transportation facilities.
The Southern Pacific Company will be
Klven an opportunity on Friday to show
¦why the «xisti:iß tariff should not be dis
turbed. The commission will then .po
north to continue Its investigations in
Portland. Oregon, and Seattle, Wash.
By far the most Important testimony
of the present hearing was offered yester
day. The >tar witnesses for the Pacific
Coast Jobbers were Julius Kruttschnitt,
told all about the freight hauling and
the difference in cost to the railroad of
transporting merchandise by the carioad
end in less than carload lots, ajid William
K. Wheeler, who gave an interesting
history of the rate* war of 1592 and the
effect it had on coast trade.
Home Competition Is Keen.
A. L. MeycrFtein of the Meyersteln Com
pany testilied that opposition J from the
East and Middle Wost had a tendency to
keep the margin of profit very low, but
considered that existing conditions had
& tendency to "keep business on an equit
«Lbl* platform." lie said that the home
competition was fully as Fplrited as that
«vf the foreign jobbers and that the Middle
Vest men mlKht be shut out entirely
•without materially altering: the conditions
<if trade. .•¦
The etfrvt on the carpet trade of a
rhangp In the existing tariff was ex
plained by \V. D. <"utnbert, representing
\Y. &- J. 'Sloane. Ha paid that while- !«0
per cent of the Ftock of the local institu
tion was owned by the New York house
«if W. & J. filoane. the San FranciFcp es
tablishment was strictly an independent
concern po far as the conduct of it* busi
ness was In <jur-=tlo.n. He continual:
"ThfT** ar*> differentials on our dan of
iroods of from fifty to seventy-Jivr cents.
suid v.c jdilp. txcluplvely at the carload
rat*. If theae differentials -wore reduced
we would bo forced to ship by water or
give up the jobbing business entirely. Our
V»uf=inr>ss. which now runs about a million
and n. half dollars annually, was once very
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
YOU MAY BE ASSURED OK GET-
TING THE HEST THERE 13 AND
AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
HAMS, per Ib I3is
Choicest Eastern.
Regularly 15c.
CALIFORNIA OLIVE OIL, qt bot, 70c
"Santa Barbara." pint. 40c.
Guaranteed absolutely pure.
Regularly SGc and EOc.
SHELLED ALMONDS, Ib 25c
Fancy California shelled almonds.
Regularly 3oc.
BRANDY Jot. 75c, 3 bots-.52.00
Choice 10-year-oM Cal. brandy, gallon J3.
Finest obtainable.
Regularly $1 and $«.
HOLLAND HERRINGS, 8 for-.. 25c
Very select— all milts.
Regularly 8 for 23c.
FRUIT SYRUPS, bot.. 35c
Raspberry. Strawberry. Pineapple.
Grenadine, Vanilla, Lemon, etc.
Regularly 50c.
ORANGES, dozen 25c
Finest quality of navel oranges.
CHOTCECREAMERY BUTTER,
g.;v:2 squares 65c
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED
CATALOGUE FREE.
Johnron. A. D. Cushlwr. Joe James. B. Corwln.
L C. Kerr, G. B. nark, T. C. Kennedy. L. S. i
(lark, 11. P. Lishtner. C. A. Clark. S. G.
Lyon T. Cullen K. H. I-ittlejohn. G. W. Car
rr.ll. C. I-orenzen. K. C. i'ushinp. C. H. I^ose*,
I>. It. Calderwood. J. U. Lyons. M. M. Crole, K. :
<\ Lincoln. R. A. Curran. \V. S. Lumsden, I». ;
I». Chase, W. F. Luhr, O, J. «"rossley. -O. T.
Leon. L>. M. <V>llzer, "W*. F. Luzzadder, H. Con- ;
Jer. C A. Lorlng-. W. E. Duncan. J. M. Jlr-
Guire. C. O. Dleves, J. MacCaulay. A. Kast
man. J. Megraw. J. Kdwards. 3. Mead. W. J.
JMwards, J. Maloney. \V. J. KJscar. W. C.
Mark. E. Frick. G. W. Marsh. J. Fowler. Wil
liam Manrow. W. TI. Fulton. A. L>. Neff. C
M. Farley. H, Orth, R. \V. Gray. C. Water
man. J. Williams. J. O. Ressequie. H. A. Rob
ertson, C. H. Wimble, C. Rossini. S. 11. Wright.
A. J. Wilson. W. J. Ryan. J. L. Wilson. J.
Rutherford, F. Ramon, W. H. Rice. C. 11.
White W. 11. Russell. J. A. Sullivan. C. M.
WilUrd. F. J. Shaw. A. J. Will. P. Mmon. J.
IF Hmall, I. A. Wright. J. 11. Wilson. W. l*p
warrl 11. M. Tracey. C. O. Thomas. J. B.
Banker. O- If- Thomas. N. K. Smith. J. I«.
Taylor, Samuel Smith. J. 11. Taylor. F. S.
Small, W. J. Skinner. F. O. Sykes. M. Shean.
The officers of Leland Stanford Division No.
ZV. H of L. K. of Oakland. Rre:
Chief enptneer. Isaiah Jordan; fli-st engineer.
C. M Wllllard: second engineer. J. A. Sullivan:
flr?t assistant enKineer. G. \V. Randall: second
assistant engineer. 11. A. Hammond: third as
sistant engineer. C M. Farley; ftuide. H. D.
lirown; chaplain. J. B. Wilson.
not marry her. was up before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on the charge of threats
to kill. After hearing the testimony tho
Judge held him in $Tj<HjO bonds to keep th«
peace.
DEATH OF MEMBER OF
ENGINEERS' EXCURSION
ALAMEDA. April 4.— Anson C. Fisher
died this morning at the residence of his
niece. Mrs. Emretta Sybrant. 2025 Central
avenue. Deceased was an uncle of Miss
Ida M. Fisher and Mrs. Emretta Sybrant
of this city, and Mrs. H. H. Wisner of
San Francisco. The ri-maln? will be sent
to New England for interment. Mr.
Fisher was a member of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers and came to
California with the engineers* excursion,
arriving last Friday. He was taken ill en
route with the grip, and his condition be
came such that from Los Angeles he was
sent to his relatives In advance of the
excursion. Despite all medical aid he
Fticcumbed. Mr. Fisher was an engineer
on the New York Central.
UNFAIR TACTICS
OF MIDDLE WEST
Is Not Willing to Compete With
Pacific Coast Jobbers on
Equal Terms.
Interstate Commerce Commission Continues to
Wrestle With Differentials and Their
Effect on Our Trade.
P. A . BUELL WHO DIED AT • THE GRAND HOTEL
ago, when the candidates for Congress
were mentioned, he .was named- as the
leader of his district. He refused to run
for the position, however, on account of
the press of business duties.. Even at this
early date his name was mentioned as the
most likely nominee for the next Congres
sional election.
Mr. Buell left a widow and two children.
Three brothers. G. A. and-R. I. Buell,
residing in Stockton, and .Seymour Buell,
who lives In the East, and a sister, Mrs.
Ely. whose home is In Washington, also
survive him. „ ¦
The death of Mr. Buell was probably
due to uric acid poisoning. Early in the
evening he -was, forced to take to his bed
and was attended, by Dr. J. I. Stephens.
His last message was to an old friend,
Arthur Lovlnsky of Stockton, to whom he
wrote the folio wing: letter:
4. 4. 9 p. m.
My Dear I>evinsky: If you get this any time
up to midnizht come over to my room. No. 108,
second floor. Grand. 1 I am under the weather
and may want you to telephone for me. Do not
break any ensaKement but come if you can,
and oblige. Yours very truly.
P. A. BUELL.
.... ' ' . . ¦ .. ¦<:¦¦¦
PA. BUELL. one of the most prom
inent business men of Stockton
and Intimately associated with all
° progressive movements in the San
Joaquin Valley, died suddenly last night
at the Grand Hotel. Mr. Buell was In this
city for business purposes, and his sud
den death will come as a shock to his
many friends, who are numbered by the
score.
Mr. Buell was the president of the P. A.
Buell Lumber and Planing Mills, one of
the biggest establishments of its kind In
the State. He was also president of tho
Stockton Commercial Association and the
San Joaquin Valley Association, formed
for the advancement of the Interests of
the San Joaquin Valley. As a public
spirited citizen Mr. Buell did not have his
superior in Stockton. Every .progressive
movement suggested or attempted was
sure to find him associated in Its behalf.
When the. project to build the San 'Joa
quin Valley Railroad was floated he was
one of Its most ardent supporters. His
popularity knew no bounds, and two years
Centemeri Glove Sale
Kid op Suede
Agent 200 Post Street
Held in Heavy Bonds.
John Shaunessy, who threatened to kill
his landlady, Mrs. CD. Parmelee. 433
Jessie street, and himself because he could
Let's print your catalogue. Our printing sells
your goods. Mysell-Rollins. 22 Clay. -" •.-
Sudden Death of a Widow.
Mrs. Nellie Asher. a widow, aped Zd
years, died suddenly yesterday morning
in a lodging house at 179 Fourth street,
where she had been living with William
J. Wallace. The body was removed to the
Morgue.
Ilr Tarker"s Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. All druggists. •
Huntingdon's Gift to Art.
The Mark Hopkins Art Association haa
been gratified at the reception of two fine
raintinßS donated by Collis P. Hunting
ton One is "Solitude." a Landscape by-
Julian Rix. the California artist, and the
fir«t by his brush in fhe institute: the
other a still-Hfe study by Harnett of New-
York.
SUDDEN ENDING OF
P. A. BUELL'S LIFE
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortpapps nr trust deeds
at lowest market rate*. 101 Montgomery.*
much greater, but was reducr-d by unfair
competition trom the Middle West. These
men pay no tafces here, no license and
contribute nothing to the upbuilding of
the community. They take- away all they
can. but leave nothing.
Might Force a Bate War.
"I am quite sure that, if we changed our
shipments to the sea. we would force the
railroad rates down, which might result
in a rate wnr. one of the most undesir
able things that could possibly happen to
the business of the Pacific ('oast."
As an example of the obstacles with
which the Pacific Coast jobbers come In
contact in their endeavor to extend their
trade eastward and to show the import
ance to tlu-m of the differentials, the fol
lowing freight conditions, furnished by
Mr. Cuthtx-rt, are Interesting:
Freight from New York to Salt
I.nk*. L. C. L. JJ 60
N"*v York" to San Francisco, C I-. $1 T.">
Han Francisco to Salt Lake t local
back) ; H 2 50 < ;:,
Margin In favor of EaFtorn
shippers $0 35
This is the great factor which prevents
th«* r-xtension of Pacific Coast trade. ) In
the immediate vicinity of San Francisco
the coast Jobbers have a slight advantage
and this is what the St. Louis people are
flsrhting- to wipe out. For example, a San
Francisco wholes;Uer can bring his goods
to San Francisco at the carload rate of
$1 7.1 and rethip them' to Fresno for 50
cents, making a total freight charge, of
12 20. The best the St. Louis wholesaler
can do, sending his goods by less-than
f arload rate to terminal points, of which
Fresno Is one. Is $2 50, giving the San
Francisco jobber slightly the best of It.
Julius Kruttschnltt of the Southern Pa
cific Company asserted positively that the
cost of handling less-than-carload lots of
freight was fully 50 per cent more than
carload shipments.
How the Railroad Calculates.
"The difference In cost to the company
between carload and less than carload
business is far greater than the differen
tials." s;iid Mr. Kruttscnitt. "The cost of
operating a railroad on the Pacific Coast
is far higher than in any other section of
the country. This is due chiefly to the
difference in price of labor, material and
fuel.
Jacob Levl Jr.. and Leopold Plau. repre
senting the wholesale grocers, gave evi
dence along the line of other San Fran
cisco jobbers already reported. ;
Charles Michaels, of Langlcy &" Mich
aels, and W. P. Redington. of Redington
& Co.. told of the effect the reduction of
the differentials would have on the whole-
ENGINEERS ARE
SHOWN OAKLAND
AND VICINITY
Taken in Special Electric
Cars From Haywards
to Berkeley.
Lunch Served at San Leandro in the
Open Air and a Banquet in
Oakland in the Even
ing.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. April 4.
The visiting- engineers spent the day In
and about Oakland to-day. They came
to Oakland on the 9:30 boat in the morn
ing and were taken directly to Fruitvale.
where they were transferred to the cars
of the Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards Electric Railway and taken to
Haywards. The sight of orchards in full
bloom at this time of the year was a
great surprise to the party, and when
they were taken to Haywards Park and
shown wild flowers growing on the 1 hill
sides It pleased them still more.
The party was brought back to San Le
andro. where they were served dinner at
the Estudillo House, under the big grape
arbor.
• They, were then brought. back to Oak
land and transferred to the cars of the
Oakland Transit Company and taken to
Berkeley, where they visited the univer
sity grounds, to Piedmont, to Alameda
and to West Oakland.
At 6 o'clock they were all taken to the
Masonic Temple, where they were ban
queted under the auspices of the Mer
chants' Kxchange and Board of Trade.
John A. Britton delivered an address to
the visitors.
The committee of Iceland Stanford Di
vision of Locomotive Engineers, who had
the trip In charge, consisted of A. G.
Phipps. I. Jordan and T. Cullen. Those
who represented the city of Onkland were
Mayor R. W. Snow, H. D. Rowe of the
Oakland City Council. Craigie Sharp of
the Board of Trade and F. Sinclair. Wil
bur Walker and D. C. Brown of the Mer
chants' Exchange. I
The roster of Leland Stanford Division
of this city, who secured the visitors for
Oakland, is as follows:
J. Abbay. U. Aitken. W. S. Oetchell. F. Cast.
J. Openshaw. M. O'Brien, "William WriKht. M.
A. Watson. F. P. Osborn. "C. W. Poole. AW B.
Perry, .1. T. Qulnn. A. O. Phipps, I>. J. Quill,
W. A. Payne. J. C. Richards. G. W. Randall.
T. Ambrose. M. C. Gilmore. Joe Aldrich.'W. K.
(ledge, William Bradley. W. A. Garrison. I).
.1. Hrown. *!.. M. Goff. C. H. Ball, S. GllTord.
E. 1,. Baldwin, V. Gazzolo. W. H. Bryant, H.
A. Hammond. W. C. Boylan, A. HotchkisH, W.
D." Bruce, G.> Harvey, W. A. Belden. S. K. Mil
liard. F. D. Billings, G. T. Hoadley, F. H. Ba
ker, 11. C. Hahn. B. H. Buzzo. W. H. Hatfleld,
V C. Barbour, F. A. ,Hißby, C. Barnum, J. H.
Hyde, C. A. Bowker, C. E. Hudson, H. V.
Brown. E. F. Ongles, E. I*. Bonney. J. Ire
land. P. Burns, I. Jordan, E. 11. Baker, E. G.
ment.s even from the Atlantic seaboard, would
not ?o by water and certainly none of the
Western.
We would further suggest that C. L. ship
ments should read: "To consist of all drugs,
chemicals and medicines, including patent and
proprietary and medicinal extracts."
Inspection— We respectfully request that your
Fvstem of inspection be rlßldly enforced at all
stations on this ccast as it is now done at the
principal terminal points. Frequent shipments
are made from Kastern centers of assorted
packed cases and billed as dru«s, when in re
ality the cases contain a majority of higher
class goods.
The undersigned will co-operate with your
association to maintain a fair rate and par
ticularly ask protection at your hands and, as
we are confident that your association will
derive far more financial benefit than we by
these chances, wo remain, yours truly,
HEDINGTON & CO.,
MACK & CO.,
LANGLEY. MICHAELS CO.
San Francisco.
F. VT. BRAU.V & CO.,
Los Angeles.
Some tricks of unscrupulous shippers
were explained by J. H. McCabe, a local
freight inspector for the Transcontinental
Freight Association. Cutlery was sent
from St. Louis billed as hardware to get
the benefit of the rate on the latter class,
which Is much the lowest. Whenever
these cases are discovered the correct rate
Is charged. By his own efforts in that
line McCabe claimed to have collected for
the Freight Association over $40,000 addi
tional freight charges during the past
year.
K. S. Pilllsbury gave a dinner at the
Pacific Union Club last night to the four
members of the Interstate Commerce
Commission now in the city. About
forty representative business and
professional men were invited to meet the
commission, and passed a very pleasant
evening over an excellent dinner.
sale drug trade. They would suffer fully
as much as other lines of business and al
ready felt the severity of Middle West
competition. They admitted having en
dorsed the petition to the Transcontinen
tal Freight Association, claiming their
object was to change conditions so they
eoiild distribute goods farther East. The
petition, which follows, was introduced as
evidence:
What the Druggists Wanted.
PAN FRANCISCO, April 22, ISSS.
T"et!tion— To the members of the Transconti
nental FYeisrht Association, meeting at Milwau
kee. May 10. by the undersigned principal
wholesale drup houses of San Francisco and
\*m Angeiea: We would kindly ask your con
tidtratlon of the Fuppestions we make below,
which changes. If asrreed to by jour associa
tion, would certainly be of great benefit to
>fii In receiving better rates than you do at
jresent on transcontinental business from the.
drujt trade and Incidentally be a better protec
tion to Jobbers In our line and to which pro
tection we consider ourselves entitled by the
volume of our shipments.
Our class of goods haa always been shipped
by railroad and little may be feared that water
competition will interfere with railroad ship
ments.
We refer to your westbound freight tariff
No. C 17, pase 34, drugs and medicines.
L. C. U C. L
Present rate Jl 25 $1 (-0
¦\\> would sups;est that C. L. rate remain the
came as at present, or It you think It advis
able rais? It to C. J>. $1 23. and that L. C. L.
be removed from the transcontinental tariff
and placed among the class rate at L..-C. L.
*2 40.
Manufacturers find dealers In our lino ; are
situated at all points all over the I'nited States,
equally distributed between Eastern and Mis
souri "and Mississippi points. Almost all of
these shipments nre made in 1.,. C. L. and
never made up to C. I>. The nature of the drug
shipments is such that these 1... C. L. shlp-
Tun annual meeting of stockholders
nf the Southern Pacific Company
v.-is held yesterday In President
«'.>lM- P. H'jntingfon's office In the
ITnlori Tnist building. Directors
Kruttschnltt 'and Ptubbs were retired
to makf room on the board for
m--n representing Eastern interests. \V.
K. Dcd»je, E. H. Pardee and Frank Foster
were also retired from the board. The
five new directors are: John K. Searle*.
tors follows the meeting of stockholders,
but this year there is not a quorum in
town, and no one can say when the meet
ing of the directors will be held; it may
be held in New York.
The retirement of Kruttschnltt and
Stubbs from the board of directors was
merely for the purpose of giving the
heavy Eastern stockholders a fuller rep
resentation. Both gentlemen will retain
their positions in the company, as vice
presidents. So far as can be learned no
heads in any department have been mark-
Ed for the official ax. All of the officials
feel secure in their positions.
Huntlngton's private secretary gave out
to the reporters only the names of the
new directors. If there were any reports
and communications, he said nothing of
them. The public was left to surmise
what the meaning of the changes in the
board mean.
To-day President Huntington will meet
the grievance committees of the railroad
brotherhoods to discuss his famous relief
department scheme.
COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON ADDRESSING SOUTHERN PACIFIC STOCKHOLDERS.
John n. Haggln. John D. Probst. Charles |
H. Twr-ed and Kdwin Hawley. The mem- 1
hers uf the old board re-olecteil are: Collis |
P. Huntington. H. E. Huntir.gton. John i
\\\ Mackay, I>. O. Mills, Thomas H. Hub- !
bard and Ausrust Belrnont. Director Haw- j
l<-y is assistant traflic manager at New
York.
The election of the new board was a
very formal affair. C P. Huntington, H.
K. Huntington and IX O. Mills were the
• inly stockholders present in person.
There was 5*5 per cent of the 'J.,iK<O.im/j ,
I shares of stock represented, however, for
I the most part by proxies. Secretary
! Wright voted the proxies. The meeting
i v.-as brief, as the whole thing had been
! cut and dried beforehand, and required
I merely formal action to make It lepal.
It was decided that the place of meet
ing shall hereafter be in New York, for
the reason that all of the directors now,
with the exception of H. E. Huntington,
live in the East. The head nlHees of the
company will also be established thero.
Usually the annual meeting of the direc-
Krattschnitt, Sfabtos and Three Others Step Down
and Out -to Make Room for Five Wise flen of
Qotham Elected at the Stockholders 9 Meeting.
EASTERN INTERESTS HAVE ALL THE SAY
IN NEW SOUTHERN PACIFIC DIRECTORY
Hales.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 5, 1000. .
Hales.
5 just nine days between you aid the great show day H
nt of the fashionable year— Easter ! in nine days p
|j there's the dressmaker, the milliner, the hosier, the f|
M glover to satisfy; but rest easy as to time, for here ||
M under one roof for your convenience is every article j; H
[| (except shoes) which fashion sanctions. | jl
0 but come as early as you Ifi
m y^^^i can » we can ress y ou com ~ s;1
1 new ea^ er " )oas •
6 r'\ v Ttl i VVV V .^•''lM^ffP^S' extra f n». fluffy, lotr fib^r feather b->as. >
H ' \K^x '.'^fflgffiwKt' Hack an.l natural, French ani silver gray. S f
I :^^^W^ f^i; real French kid gloves j;
I ' wJfcHQrl; \ — -s*^ |>y *"^ because we offer thes« for one dollar p«r fi
I ~ / cvZ^' ~ "~"^*— *¦""" pair and unless a responsible house says sj w
I -y~ \/s~. »* , •"real" 1f« liable to be doubted. We guax- E m
I Eton suit : French chic and I
twenty dollars American charm: 1
II double-breasted, jacket Bilk-imed. our milliner? hu . «t onr. t«j«, |H
| braided Iront and reveres and its place a- the leader In this city; H
Hi] cuffs; skirt percallne lined, single « ha, no air of eccentricity, every E «
1 V box pleat; Venetian cloth In navy touch is for beauty, harmony. | U
HE and black; sizes 32 to «. *™* and pric* m | J
W your fancy dictates. 2 »!
M 1 (cloak and suit dept. (two dollars, yet your \ f|
y v fourth aisle.) choice up to forty dollars.) * 7|
f j t\ 935-9J7-9JO>-941-«4>«4S-»f7 Market strett 6j *A
CASH OE LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK OF
Iron Reds~ sinzle » thref *
I1UI! »-^w*J^ quarter and
Rouble sizes, finished in white
enamel, with brass trimminjjs.
FROM 83.50 to $25.00
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),' .
ioit - loss mission STttser,
ABOVK SIXTH.
Phans Srath 14. Saa Fraaclito. ',
12