wholesale y violations ¦of the . law. j Certifi
cate. after, certificate* in Chinese '. and :¦» in
Portuguese •• with : . English ¦:.- translations
have i been accepted. ,' ,The > widest .«oppor
tunity, for «fraudr has; been given- and ac
cepted. .When it; is .found that the Chinese
and $ English versions * of the certificates
do not* agree in vital. points the fault has
been* placed :to the discredit of the English
version -and another : Chinese • has been
landed. - , ¦ ' : - :
, The;. demand. that ; Engllsh. and not. any
other,* language ,be used was placed In the
law" for,'; a, specific, i. and. It was .'believed.,
sufficient protection against fraud. Each
certificate is 'supposed, to ,-showi that .the
Chinese asking I admission . at . this or; any
other, Amerlcan : port as a merchant..stud
ent [or tourist \ has • the ! permission -of * the
Government ; in j whose country \ he ; resides
to depart* for the United' States." .In; this
particular', alone' the 'certificate is -a; badge
of 'character. ''* ", •",'•- ' J
'¦ These certificates must : show .also', the
signature of the applicant, his -individual,
family and \ tribal name^ his 'official rank
or title," his age, height' and physical char;
acterlstics. his former and occu
pations, i when and' how he pursued them.
dered raised the tariff to $100, the price
which the' Consul -received and for receiv
ing which he,, Was deposed.
- It is just such . an outrageous traffic
which -is now being maintained through
a gigantic conspiracy at Hongkong.
Coolie laborers are sailing from there to
this country and are. being landed. The
exclusion law is being cheated and vio
lated, and to a degree greater than ever
befbre tn'tfte- history "of> Chinese legisla
tion. Under the remarkable Chinese ad
ministration: of : Collector Jackson another
palpable iViolationoL the act of ISB4 Is be
ing, not only tolerated but' encouraged.
I The act states- specifically 'that the evi
dence which shall entitle a merchant, stu
dent or tourist- to a landing shall be hi*
certificate In the English. •- Not only must
it be this but it shall be nothing else. The
coming Mongol -. must rest " entirely upon
his certificate and shall not have the right
to. introduce evidence of any. other sort.
He may, be attacked In any legal way by
the government, | but he,' can ¦do nothing
except, show his -certificate and rest upon
it for- admission. Notwithstanding this
specific- character, of. the. provision of the
law -.Collector. Jackson has permitted In
coming "merchants; students and tourists"
toi support, their. claims and, their certifi
cates : with which clearly have
no place in the" investigation?. To pile one
Illegality upon another and to reduce the
entire matter 'to a."farce-if ,it, were not
serious these; affidavits In many instances
have, been returned to the men who made
them; thus leaving the criminal certificates.
Inadequate , in themselves -to warrant the
landing of Chinese and' now without the
tion of Collector Jackson have been vio
lated. Section 6 of the act of ISS4 is In
tended to govern the admission of all
Chinese. 'except laborers, who cpme here
ostensibly for the first time. This section
has b^en the vehicle for repeated frauds
and outrages upon the people of San
Francisco, who must suffer, through -its
violation, the presence of new hordes of
coolie laborers.
There is. now in Hongkong a regularly
established agency, created. and organized
In this city, to secure and facilitate the
admission of Chinese laborers under sec
tion 6of the act of ISS4. A traffic Is "main
tained in the Oriental city. The prices of
tne trade in evading the Federal laws are
matters, of common gossip among lawyers
in this city. The tremendous fraud jls
hardly disguised. Under authority of sec
tion t> of the act of ISS4, Chinese -"¦ mer
chants, students and tourists, who have
never been In the United States before,
may be landed upon presentation of a cer
tificate-'which establishes their character
and which is not only issued by the Gov
ernment of the country in which appll-'
cants reside, but which must also • 'be
vised by the American Consul at the 1 port*
of departure.
While the act of ISS4 provides that any
Government may issue certificates ' to
Chinese merchants, sftidents or tourists
who 'wish 'to enter this, country, the. vital
section of the law declares that the docu
ments must be in the English language.
It docs not say that there may be an Eng
lish translation of any other . lanc-iage.
but that the certificate .Itself 'must;be'_.ln
English. In this respect there have, been
poor and Illegal corroboratlon of affida
vits. •
HOW THOUSANDS OF
COOLIE CITIZENS
ARE MADE.
GIGANTIC as is the evil committed
in the landing of Chinese "mer
chants, students and tourists." It is
minor in comparison with the land
ing of "native sons" of California, Tha
evil done to the people of San Francisco.
to the State and to the United States in
thi3 phase of the admission of Chinese
cannot be overestimated. Every Chinese
who is admitted to this country as a na
tive-born is entitled to a vote and to all
the franchise and elective privileges of
American citizens. Coolie 3 that have
never seen the shores of America until
they come here on a ship as" "native
sons" enter the port as American citi
zens, native sons of California, entitled
to a vote and to a participation in the af
fairs of. San Francisco. These men ara
full grown, and when they come they a»-e
qualified to take part in elections, to dic
tate, as far as their numerical strength
will give them power, the character ut
our municipal government.
And Collector of the Port Jojin P. Jack
son has been admitting over one hundred
of these voters every month while he has
been In office. He has Hooded this city
with thousands of the worst of foreign,
slaves. Mongolian pariahs who. by virtue
of their admission, are American citizens
clothed with every power and privilege of
native-born citizens. During the thirty
four months of his term of office Collec
tor of the Port Jackson has made out of
Mongolian laborers, out of the very drega
of Oriental civilization, out of coolie
slaves that speak nothing but their dia
lect Jargon, thousands of American na
tive-born- citizens, full-clothed with th<»
power of the franchise and endowed with,
the privileges of citizenship.
The tremendous outrage of this traffic
can hardly be conceived. Its results to
San Francisco politically, socially and
commercially can hardly be estimated.
Thousands of citizens have been madi
and every one of them is a slave, antag
onistic to Western civilization. Ignorant
of Western manners and ideals and con
temptuous of Western institutions. Thou
sands of coolie laborers who at best
would have been accepted with repug
nance and the poor courtesy of compul
sion, must now be tolerated as fellow-citi
zens of equal power, equal privilege ami
equal dignity with other eltlzena. The sit
uation is one that naturally is appalling.
Under the law the admission of Chinese
who come here with the claim that they
are native sons of California is less re
strictive, more easy of evasion and more
open to simple frauds than Is admission
of any other cla3s of Mongols under tha
exclusion law. While the exclusion act
is extremely careful In reference to th&
readmission of Chinese merchants who
have been in the country, less careful but
reasonably secure under an honest ad
ministration- in reference to new-comlns
merchants, students and tourists, it is ab
solutely criminal in it 3 neglect to place
safeguards around the admission of Chi
nese who. upon landing, shall be citizen*
of the United States and voters.
When Ho Tow. the Chinese Consul Gen
eral, made a plea for a more liberal con
struction of the exclusion law he probably
had become more than safely daring and
was thinking of the tricks of a poker
game, of which more shall be said in ex
plaining the remarkable condition of af
fairs of the administration of Collector of
the Port John P. Jackson. Under the laws
of- the United States Chinese claiming to
be natlve-bonn citizens of the United
States may come here absolutely without *
papers of any sort. They arrive and their
mere assertion that they were born in
America entitles them to every right of
protection and privilege of consideration,
enjoyed by Americans.
They constitute the most dangerous
class of coolies which is assaulting the
city through the Golden Gate. The law
says that all that shall be necessary for
their admission to this country shall be
the uncorroborated testimony of two Chi
nese, who shall certify to the claims of
the incoming "native son." Collectors of
the Port who occupied office before Col
lector Jackson recognized, however lax
they may have been, how serious and
how grave a problem was presented by
these Mongolian slave "native sons." Pre
cautions were taken therefore against
their admission. They were forced to fight
their way Into the country through the
courts, where testimony is taken in a legal
manner; where the proceedings are regu
lar and where the chances of detecting
fraud are reasonably certain. The result
has been most startling to those who car©
to give even casual attention to affairs
that affect the welfare of San Francisco.
It la a fact of appalling significance that
Collector of the Port John P. Jackson has
admitted to this city more "native sons"
than all of his predecessors combined. He
has made more Mongolian citizens of San
Francisco than all of those who preceded
him in office. He has clothed thousands
of slaves with the privileges and dignities
of citizenship. That there is some reason
for this remarkable condition of affairs
co one can doubt for a moment. That the
reason brings shame upon a system and
an administration of immigration and
treaty obligations is palpable. The facts
which accompany the admission of "na
tive sons." the association of a ring of
favored attorneys and their business rela
tionships are as startling as the admission
of "native son" Mongolians Itself.
When these coolie citizens come on a.
ship to this port they come, as a rule.
armed with documents which state that
they have been residents and that on a
certain date they departed from this city.
The age of the "citizens." their place of
birth and the names of their two Chinese
witnesses are sometimes also given, but.
as already given, they are unnecessary'
under the law. The "citizen" has but to
announce himself, remember the lesson
which was so well learned in China and
trust to the good-will ,of the Collector of
the Port. The lew opens the way and th*
rHERE is now in operation
in this city tlie most gigantic
Chinese ring which has ever
been organized in the United States.
Tlvousands of coolies are passing
the barriers of the Custom-house,
and are net only being landed, but
are being made native-born citizens
of California, each with a vote and
qualified to participate in the politi
cal affairs of this city and State:
During his term of thirty-four
monttis Colonel John P. Jackson, as
Collector of the Port, has landed
oi'cr ten thousand Chinese — an as
tounding record thai is absolutely
without parallel in the history of
During this period Collector
Jackson has landed over one hun
dred "native sons" a month. He has
accepted the uncorroborated testi
mony of tzi'O cooties to make of
every one of thousands of appli
cants a native born citizen of the
I 'nitcd States. By a marvelous co
incidence the last majority of these
coolie "native sons'' left this port
more than eighteen years ago, and
if each is not now a qualified voter
will sKbrtlxitoe.t
This terrible traffic, which is now
gning on. is handled bx a small
clique of laivxcrs who arc personal
friends of Collector Jackson and
Ho Vow. the Chinese Consul Gen
eral at this port. This ring of at
torneys began operations what Col
lector Jackson assumed office, and
shortly before Chinese merchants
cf this city sent' an agent to Hong
kong to manipulate a gigantic busi
ness in "merchant, Mudent and
tourist" certificates. This agency
has operated with marvelous suc
cess, and the hordes of coolies arc
pouring through the Golden Gate.
This morning The Call exposes
this tremendous ring, detailing its
organization, its development and
its audacious operations. It is in
cluded within a very narrow cir
cle. Its leading members arc Colonel
George H. Pippy, Frank V. Bell
and George A. McGowan, friends
of Collector Jackson and other Fed
eral officials. The expose of this
gigantic fraud is timely, for
the steamer China has jusl de
parted from this port, leaving
forty-nine "native born citizens of
the United States" behind her, and
tlic steamer Doric has just arrived
bringing scores more to be landed
and take their place as citizens.
CRIME IN THE NAME OF
THE EXCLUSION
ACT.
*=tt S TIE machinery through which this
; j preat army of coolies has been land
|^ ed by Collector Jackson in San Fran
cisco is of three forms, each of itself
Interesting and significant. The first of
rho three forms, and that in which there
is the least chance for fraud, contains
those Chinese merchants who were resi
dents of this country and having departed
demand now a right, under the terms of
the exclusion act and treaties, to return.
The Chinese who make this demand al
most invariably have an honest right to
do so. They return with evidence of their
merchant character and with the. testi
mony of two witnesses who cannot be
Chinese. The law is very rigid in regard
to the matter, and strangely enough asks
of the Chinese who have once been In the
United Btates and seek to return more
convincing evidence than Is exacted from
those Mongolians who do not profess ever
to have l»e*-n In the country and against
whose admission It might be supposed
greater precautions would be taken.
For several reasons the first class of
Chinese therefore play a comparatively
Insignificant part in the startling revela
tions of the administration of Collector
of the Port Jackson. The testimony of
men other than Chinese must be obtained
to land returning merchants at this port.
and it Is natural that an inspection of the
records shows that the number landed Is
email. It is natural also that an inves
tigation reveals the Interesting fact that
returning merchants are the last of the
three classes to be landed, as they have
Collector Jackson Lands
More Than Ten Thousand
Mongols in Thirty-Four
Months.
Startling Operations of a Gigantic
Ring Organized in This City to
Deal in the Importation of
Coolies.
MAKING CHI NESE CITIZENS BY WHOLESALE.
An Army of Native Sons and
Voters Sent Into China
town by Fraud of the
Grossest Kind.
George H. Pippy, Frank V. Bell
and George A. McGowan, Aided
by Powerful Friends, Cheat the
Exclusion Act.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— >"O. 544.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY; APRIL 13, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
his place of residence and the official an
nouncement of his right to come to this
country under the conditions prescribed.
If the applicant be a merchant the cer
tificate must also state the character and
estimated value of his business. Not only
must these vitally important documents
be in English, but they must be vised by
the American Consul at the port of de
parture.
It is at this point that the gigantic
fravd in merchant, student and tourist
certificates begins. The American Consul
at the point of departure is required by
the law of ISS4 to make a thorough inves
tigation of the pretensions of every appli
cant before indorsing the certificate. How
this Investigation was done was illustrat
ed in the scandal of the removal of Bed
loe, the American Consul at Canton, who
was caught eight months ago charging
1100 for every one of his signatures to
merchant, student and tourist certifi
cates. The Consul's legal fee is one dol
lar. The illegal service which was ren-
a legal right, to be here and are not in
clined to receive any special attention
from the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
or from the little coterie -of favored at
torneys who handle the vast bulk of the
astounding business of landing Chinese in
the city. ,The Chinese merchants who un
der American, and treaty laws have a
right to 'land 'are not disposed to pay
fancy prices for le^al services, and are
kept waiting in, the "pen"' Until thcreprer
sentatives of the other two classes are
carted in droves Into Chirfatown.
It Is in the second class of applicants for
admission that the gigantic system of
fraud begins to show itself and the re
markable operations of the Chinese bu
reau under the administration of Collector
Jackson become apparent. By authority
of section 6 of the act of ISS4 the United
States Government permits Chinese mer
chants, students and tourists that have,
never been in the United States to land
under conditions which are clearly pre
scribed and which under the administra-
coolie laborers. "* * <f \-^5»- <^L ¦/,' V 'm^T^^^El**^ 1 N^SS^^-^^ f fated.^and 'tiTa^de^f- .peStlfttaJ ew
There is. now In Hongkong a regularly ? . /¦'b ,: tk AKI K, v \ ¦•['(•••* ss * XJ *^r'Jn2*f :i '*% or=L ') • h- ' /' *-!3*- c *~*' <^«'s> -:M .• • Cf\* ' 'f befbre fn 'the- history "of* Chinese leglsla
establlshed agency, created, and organized <$> f ;( .'• pTci 'i " A I V^ /> *^l^'^*Tj Jk w J \ r. *-^^* <= -X^ ON V 4> tlon - Under the remarkable Chinese ad-
In this city, to. secure and facilitate the I ( I . CS&U-L. ... . ).l >-' N^-«» <, •_/"" <*^/*^^*^ , V" 'i l > J?l't rfJrXo «=) / ; X" ministration of: Collector Jackson another
admission of Chinese laborers under sec- 1 VV^ yy^ >%/• V^^^^^^iT^C; ' ; ' ; l/ \ V - i THE; »r y 7 X palpable of. the act of ISB4 Is be
tion 6of tho act of 18S4. A traffic is? main- T V f j >/ ... /yy^vjMBff^A^C^ ' X. ->^\PoRTy* fc—--^ > / ' inp. not only tolerated but encouraged.
talned in the Oriental cky. The prices of ? \w_vfV >/\ /y^lfflH^^SC c '^V(' ¦ >^ V S T The act' states' specifically 'that the evi
tne trade in evading the Federal, laws, are <f V\/ 7 /^Pw«Ww^^^ : Vvi\v \ Y^ /"^ ' t dence which shall entitle a merchant, &tu
mattersof common gossip among .lawyers '? . \ Y / /fApWwfr *JI iU V^ ¦¦ X' >^ • ?' dvnt or tourist, to a landing shall be hi*
in this city. The tremendous fraud is i. . \X ///> | '*iS"iiii\\ ¦ "¦ > - ¦ A/ . <*¦ certificate in the English. Not only must
hardly disguised. Under authority of aec- ; . ?.,_;. y . [I t>&& ''** J - «HilMß^» ; iiiil\\ ¦' ? it be this but it shall be nothing else. The
tion 6of the act of ISS4, Chinose -¦ mer- • .. . A A^ ;: -*^V-<- ' • I;; a <- iS'liill «.^- A - A ; >„ ' A A A ' -^ coming Mongol must rest' entirely upon
chants, students and touri^tr,. who have 9 .3r+-?&?~?-*~^.-+~?.r* : 4>-+-$ .* » ?,? » • II.; t -. . •f^^~ < M > ~^^~*"^r^ <^t i 8> ~ 4 ~ < ®T^* > ~ # ~* his certificate and shall not have the right
nevpr b«en in the Tnited States beforo, _ . - nil A\/ /\r* »i .¦\l*H^***, 4 •<"• V^v HltT* - d^k. !""• "' *T» I I T^ Irk to introduce evidence of any other sort,
may be landed upon presentation of a cer- . i AIN 7 A K-IVI V' W T 4>'\V*'3" W? ttOllr// 4> 'Slf H I*) T I .^^ HTI l\ He may be attacked In any legal way by
tlflcato- which establishes their character 'V? 1 .' 1 *V 1 T 1 I V/ 1 T ' AX^/,. » J^^LJ^W|Hr// -J: *J V/ ITI L- ; V/ I ; . 11 I L-. IrV tne . Go V ernment> , but ne can do nothing
and which is not only issued by the Gov- _?,','„_,' v i n i n tir.na nf th» low pp o ,(i(i X v " ¥*$wA/ > ¦ . . . . . except show his- certificate and rest upon
eminent of the country in which appll- * 1 |? le " 1 | ,V «jSfl?a?e- to Chines -^fn <1 W"^^«sZ:.'- f certificate Is supposed ,to ; show : that . the , for admission. Notwithstanding this
cants reside, but which must also - 'be i^ri? e^fh at V!lliuh^t^«S-H«^ f' : (&T^^ : : Chinese ; asklns« admission. atithis ; orjany spe ciflc charactec of. the. provision of the
vised by the American Consul at the' port* c " B .™ Dt ed i^ The wiLt — t >^ •iGEORGEW;. Ts7 f other/Amerlcan^rt .as a merchant., stud- Jackson has permitted In-
O f departure. - ' Sty lor.^u^'s^n^enkndZ' f /{^ ••.MSGOWAh>.AV I ent' or, tourist; has Uhe' permission, of .the co^ng "merchants -students and tourists"
While the act of ISS4 provide that any SS&'S^Vt^^uSr&SdnS- J VS—^ ¦%^W)l* '^SS^A^aS^^^SfSi
Government may issue certificates ¦to and -English versions » of the certiflcatea 1 /\^ /^>^--<X I rarticulaf Son? *he ccrtifica" is^a.badge cates affidavits which clearly have
Chinese merchants, sftidents or tourists do npt<a ff ree in vital. points the fault has J 1 H? Pl »? Sr J," " ?"* ?!! c
«-ho v.ish to enter this, country, the vital been-placed to the discredit of the English ft - * t ; - araC T r ; fl . / O?. '* . 'v^ U*«aHty upon another and to reduce the
action of the law declare* that the docu- version • and another : Chinese : has been 'f . V , i ; These certifi^tes- must show also, the entire . matter .to^a farce If Jt.were not
ments must be in the English language, landed ' ¦ " ¦'--•' - '4, . .. • ' -^i,' signatureof the applicant, his. Individual, serious these; affidavits In many Instances
It docs not say that there may be an Eng- , The. demand. that English and not any :<«>V-<^-0: <«>V-<^-0 family; and Uribal name,; his; official rank have.been returned to the men who made
lish translation of any other . language, other, language , be used was placed In the " " - -L' >- __ . _J or title," his age, height and physical char r them, thus leaving the original certificates,
but that the lertificate itself mustbc^.ln law for . aVspecific,; and It was believed., Y^ LJ f\IuCP ? /\pJV\', : acteristics. his former and i present occu- Inadequate in themselves to warrant the
English. In this respect there have ,' been j sufficient protection against fraud. Each i ,!>-« 11l l,Yi-«»-3L* :r\l*Ls pations.iwhen and how he pursued them, landing of Chlnese i and now "without thechants*! and "citizens" flock forth to take
their places as representatives and orna
ments of Western civilization. - •¦
But the little clique of attorneys which
controls the terrible of making
citizens out of coolies enjdys still greater
privileges, social and professional. They
have two powerful friends— HeP Vow, the
Chinese Consul General, at this port, and
John P. Jackson, Collector of Customs for
San Francisco. Some.of, these interesting
lawyers , have frequently t played poker
with Ho Vow at a downtown club and at
a Montgomery street hotel, and it is said
that. Ho Vow has found the pastime ex
pensive. But the little diversion of poker
is only an Incident. .Ho Vow. and the lit
tle ring of lawyers are bound byties more
stable than a deck of playing cards. ' And
the bond between the lawyers, who never
had to try a Chinese* case, and Collector
of the Port Jackson is : still' closer, and
more powerful. To explain that bond the
names of the attorneys are necessary.
They . are George H. . Pippy,* Ifrank ,',V.
Bell and George A. McGowan. These three
attorneys, who never try a Chinese case
where 'a" right 'to ¦residence in this city is.
"native sons" and ' "merchants." They
hold daily sessions "and conferences
at the Custom-house, In the very offlce of
Collector Jackson, while a Chinese steam
er is In port and "citizens", are to be re
lieved from the stain ;of being Mongol
pariahs and are to be elevated to the dig
nity of Americans citizens. These attor
neys are in themselves a little group of
interesting. men. They visit CWnese mer
chants in company. They confer with one
another on the policy of campaign that is
to be followed at- the approach of each
China steamer. Some of them ex-en plan
to meet Incoming steamers and make
their preliminary arrangements for . the
manufacture of '•"citizens" and=the crea
tion of-, "merchants," "students" and
"tourists." who - come " here Ito - become
shrimp" catchers, cooks ; and washmen." '
These attorneys have social duties which
they observe, in common." They are hon
ored guests In Chinatown , and are on
terms even of conviviality with Chinese to
whose premises- returning "native, son?"
hasten like, cattle in wagon loads after
the pen has been opened at the dock of
the Pacific Mail Company, and the "mer-
CHEATING EXCLUSION ACT CN STEAMER CHINA.
"With a purpose of exposing the gross outrages committed upon the peo
ple of this city and State under the protection of the Chinese exclusion act
The Call made a thorough investigation of the traffic as It is handled by the
ring of lawyers who control It at this i>ort. On ihe steamer China, which
departed a few days ago, there arrived 137 Chinese, forty-nine of whom claim
ed to be "native sons" of California. These coolie "citizens." who upon land-t
ing are entitled jto vote, were traced through every phase of their exam
ination until they were located at last in the heart of Chinatown. The re
sults of the Investigation are of sensational and serious interest to the peo
ple "of San ¦ Francisco.
dregs of China" voters of the United States
and native born citizens of California
passed into entirely different hands. The
traffic became, and is now a monopoly en
joyed by a few men who, until the com
ing of Collector Jackson, knew nothing
of it, bad nothing to' do with it and prob
ably had no , notion that miracles of
woalth were possible at this late day in
San Francisco.
The members of this clique of favored
and influential attorneys are Interesting
from several -points of view. They are
associated by bonds of social, political and
incidentally professional life.
They constitute a little ring that con
trols and handles the landing of Chinese
THE SAN FKAjSCISCO CALL, FKiDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
Continued onSevg^j^r
To Cure a Cold inOnTDa^
,«*• Lax«tlv« Bromo Qju,. -,»
the vital 'lssue,, control the vast bulk of
Chinese business under the administration
of Colonel' Jackson. Plppy enjoys, a double
distinction, won by his own boast. He is
the Jegaradviser of Ho Vow, whose friend
and associate left this city two years ago
for Hongkong to establish an agency for
the admission of "merchants," "students"
and "tourists" of the Oriental kingdom- to
ihe United States.
Shortly after the appointment of Colo
nel John P. Jackson to the position of Col
lector of v Customs for San Francisco Col
nel George :H.. Pippy had the pleasure of
being introduced . to Ho Vow, the Consul
General "for .China at : this' port..- Ho Vow
has had a Varied and pleasant experience
with Caucasians ami he accepted 'the op
portunity of ,'¦¦ meeting - a distinguished
American'in the person of Colonel George
H. P^ppy.\The' introduction was given and
accepted at the Palace Hotel rooms of the
Union League ' Club. Colonel ¦ Plppy is
secretary ¦ , of the Union League . Club, 1
of which"' Colonel" j John P. Jack-
Bon ... is • . a ¦ valued >r- member. It may
perhaps be remembered, that .Colonel
George H. Pippy insisted' that his friend.
thousand Chinese have been landed in San
Francisco In less than, thirty-four months.
After his acquaintance with -Ho Vow
Colonel George H. Pippy entered the lu
crative business of landing Chinese. He
was uniformly successful and he has a
superb record to his credit When one of
the inspectors of the Chinese Bureau sees
the papers of an incoming Chinese "na
tive son" and remarks that "that is one
of Pippy's men" it means that a new "na
tive-born" voter of California is to go into
Chinatown and that the alarming and
disgraceful records of the Chinese Bureau
are to hold the name of another coolie
voter of the State. ' This business, which
means a menace to California and her
people, has been going on for thirty-four
months.
Colonel Pippy has never been called
upon to try his cases In court. As a mat
ter of fact be does . not practice In tie
United States courts. He practices only
beforo Collector of the Pert John- P.
Jackson, who tempers his judgment •of
Chinese "native sons" with startling
mercy. But Colonel George H. Pippy is
not the only one who lands "native sons"
and creates coolie citizens. A large share
of tho traffic is enjoyed by Frank V. Bell,
a gentleman with a history, who poss
esses the friendship and shares much in
common with Charles H. Jackson, the son
of Colonel John P. Jackson, Collector of
Cvstoms for this district.
Bell has also been released fr> a th
trouble of trying any of his^Chlnese case*
in court, ¦ although his freqlent consulta
tions with Charles H. Jackson, who is a
lawyer, would suggest that lie would not
Collector of the Port John P. Jackson, be
made chairman and welcoming host of
the reception recently given to 'United
States Senator Thomas R. Bard. And it
will be remembered also that Colonel Pip
py, in order not to neglect his other friend
and associate, Yo How, Insisted that the
Chinese; Consul General be a guest at a
dinner recently given to William H. Met
son by- that gentleman's friends. ' Metson
did not invite Ho Vow, but Colonel Fippy
insisted. The happy relations existing be
tween Ho Vow, Collector of the Port Jack
son and Colonel Pippy should be encour
aged and it was just as natural for Plppy
to enjoy the company of Ho Vow at din
ner as It is for the versatile colonel to en
joy his evenings at the Sutter-street home
of Colonel. Jackson after the heat and
worry and labor in the Chinese Bureau is
over for the day. . . .
It might have been expected that Colo
nel Pippy would have received his intro
duction to Ho Vow from . Colonel J. P.
Jackson, but this was not the case. The
honor of introduction was to be dispensed
by another of Colonel Pippy's friends— by
Arthur Spear, the interesting son of Jo
seph S.. Spear Jr., who is Surveyor of the
Port, and the •' intimate associate and
friend of Colonel J. P. Jackson, Collector
of Customs. The meeting between Ho
Vow and Colonel George H. Pippy devel
oped into close acquaintance and then into
friendship, but this development probably
had nothing to do with the fact that Ho
Vow was scheming -to land as many of
his ¦ countrymen as possible in this "city
and that Colonel Pippy is a friend of Colo
nel Jackson, at whose discretion over ten
be lacking in competent aavico
proper method to land a Chinese
sen" at this j'ort- i_i,,-miHrate
The. third member of the <£«££*£
which controls the gigantic buslne-s o
hiding Chinese at this port I* George £
McGowah. ai- Interesting > oun * "£«
has the good Judgment to P°»f«*? JJ_
friendship of Arthur Spear to
onel George H. Plppy °«f* I *^VSte
tion to Ho Vow. McGowan l **Z?co\onel
friend of Arthur Spear, and befo-« <-o»o
J. P. Jackson was appointed Cgl3Ct« ot
Customs knew rothlng of the g£jgg
coolies or the art of making ¦»"£ «£J!_
fornlans out of Mongol laborers He po.
sesses much wisdom in both now and en
Joys a very lucrative practice. , hMe
It should not be understood that these
three men are the only men who are en
gaged in the traffic of landing «*;»£;
Others enjoy some practice, but "«'"*»
into Insignificance In company wlrt .the
other. The ring of "landing *£?*":
the men upon whom the Chinese look as
men of influence, whose word and actu
ity mean a residence to Chinese appu
cants, are Pippy, friend of Ho Vow and
Colonel Jackson; Bell, friend of Charles
H. Jackson, the Collector's son. and Me
Gowan. friend of Arthur Spear. The
group is an interesting one from many
points of view.
LOCAL RING ESTABLISHES
AN AGENCY IN HONG
KONG.
SHORTLY after the appointment of
Colonel John P. Jackson as Collec
tor of the Port several Chinese
merchants held a meeting In China
town to discuss some way of Increasing
the traffic In "merchants, tourists and stu
dents," who had never been In this coun
try before, but who wished under section
6 of the act of ISS4 to enter the coumtry.
The traffic in this kind of coolies had al
ways been a profitable one ever since the
exclusion, act had gone Into operation.
Gigantic rings had been formed In this
city and agencies had been established in,
Hongkong, Canton and Macao, the three
points of departure. But there had come
a lull In the business and shortly after
Collector Jackson assumed offlce local
Chinese merchants determined to revive
the traffic. These merchants need coolie*
for a variety of purposes— ln the trades,
in the fields and fisheries and In the shop*
Besides this, there is a good profit In
dealing in the men themselves. When *
coolie is Imported he becomes practically
the slave of the man who Imported him
until such time as the money paid to
gain the coolie admission to the country
has been repaid. The Chinese merchant
takes very good care that it Is paid and
well paid before he releases his slave.
The standard price for the admission of
a coolie laborer to this port and bis eleva
tion to the dignity of American citizen
ship is WOO. This Is looked upon naturally
as very low by those that engage In, the
traffic. One-half of this money 1» ex
pended In this city, $100 goes to the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company and the re
maining $100 for expenses at the point of
departure for United States Consul
charges and other Incidentals. Consul
Bedloe of Canton used to charge $100 as
his share until his brilliant financial ca
reer was cut short eight months ago by
his removal.
The necessity for an agency at Hong
kong, at which port the agent of local
merchants la now operating. Is apparent.
Coolies that want to get Into the United
States as "merchants, students and tour
ists", under the act of ISB4 must have cer
tificates which falsely characterlzs them
as represented, and then they must be
coached to give their story upon landing
without break or contradiction. The sup
plying of the certificates and the coach
ing are. the duties of the Hongkong repre
sentatives of the conspiracy. As already
indicated, several local Chinese merchants
met and the Chinese Consul General was
apprised of the purpose of the meeting.
He. gave his consent, and two years ago
one of his personal friends. Jare Kan. a
wealthy Chinese, was sent to Hongkong
to act as the agent for the importation
of Chinese coolies. He Is acting there
now, with what remarkable success the
records of the Custom-house here show.
The gigantic conspiracy, which has been
traced In such minute detail because of
Its frightful menace to this city and State,
has brought forth .astounding results. In
the last thirty-four months thousands of
coolies have streamed into this port from
the Orient. Month after month the terri
ble hordes came and -were admitted. The
hundreds Increased Into the thousands,
until the records show that in thirty-one
months of his administration Collector of
the Port John* P. Jackson has admitted
9572 Chinese, thousands of whom the Col
lector of the Port has admitted as na
tive born citizens of this State, with an
actual or a prospective right to vote.
Such a fearful record of the admission
of Chinese coolies to this city has no pa
rallel In the history of Chinese immigra
tion since the exclusion act went Into ope
ration. It should not be understood that
all of these thousands of Chinese were
never In the State before. A few of them
and a very few were returning merchants
and had a right to land, but they cut no
figure in the terrific record which has
been made while the public looked on. Ig
norant of what was being done. Thou
sands after thousands of coolies that
neverwere In San Francisco before, never
saw the American shores before, have
been landed by Collector of the Port Jack
son, and George H. Plppy, Frank V. Bell
and George A. McGowan have acted as
the attorneys for the Chinese horde.
TEN THOUSAND CHINESE
ARE PASSED INTO
THE CITY.
BUT the records speak for themselves
to fell a story of dreadful moment
to the people of San Francisco. In
the table which follows the number
of Chinese who arrived at this port, the
number that were rejected by Collector
Jackson and the number that were ad
mitted to Ban Francisco by him are given
month by month, beginning, wtth June
1337, the first month of Jackson's service*
and ending with December, 1899, four
months ago. The table Is as follows:
TELLTALE SCENES IN THE UNFOLDING OF A CHINESE DRAMA OF FRAUD
wisdom of the Collector points out the
road.
When the Chinese ."native sons" arrive
inspectors, interpreters and stenographers
•of the Chinese Bureau attached to the
offlce of the Collector of the Port go
down to meet them in all state.- The "na
tives" tell their story in Chinese, which is
Interpreted, taken in short hand, tran
scribed and reproduced in long hand. The
"native" employs his counsel, the Chinese
friends of the Mongolian "citizen" give
their testimony, the inspector of the bu
reau announces his judgment to the Col
lector of the Port, who must then take
action in the case. The Collector of the
Port may admit the "native son" or defer
fiction or deny admission, in the latter
»a*« forcing the applicant to go Into the
courts on a writ of habeas corpus. In
court the greatest publicity is given, wit
nesses are examined regularly under oath
and orderly and every opportunity is
given for the detection of fraud. Every
Collector of the Port except Colonel John
P. Jackson has sent these "native sons"
to the courts. Colonel Jackson has pre
icrred to exercise his= own discretion and
land them at the rate of over 100 a month
for the thirty-four months during which
he has been in offlce.
In the wholesale admission of Chinese
"citizens" under the administration of
Colonel Jackson and by his authority sev
eral deeply significant facts deserve prom
inence. In the first place, the vast over
whelming majority of returning "native
sons" left this port iicfore June 6, ISS2.
By some remarkable coincidence they
were born in this city, remained here .with
their parents for a few years of their
tender youth and then left here on ships
which departed before June 6. ISS2. They
forgot the English language if they ever
knew it. They forgot everything in San
Francisco except the street and number
of the house in which they were born.
They forgot everything «lse except the
day they left, and that day was before
June 6. ISB2. They left all their families
behind them, their brothers and sisters
and fathers and mothers, upon their re
turn here.
They return now full grown men, quali
fied under the laws and constitution of
the United States with a vote, for they
have been away at least eighteen years
from their "native" land. Being away so
long, having left so early in life, they
know nothing of our customs, nothing of
our language or our manners, but they
are apt scholars and will learn quickly.
They are simply coolie laborers, who
never saw the shores of California until
they glanced at the coast from the deck
of the incoming ship that they were to
lca.Ve full qualified, perfectly endowed
citizens of the United States.
They had forgotten everything, it is
eald. except their birthplace and the date
of their leaving this port. For children of
their tender years they possess a remark
ably retentive memory to have ' retained
in their brains so long a recollection of
the day, the month and the year upon
which they sailed. But they remembered
something more of even greater signifi
cance to them. While they remember
nothing of Can Francisco, which they left
so long ago as children, while they know
nothing of our language, they have not
been forgotten. There are two of their'
countrymen waiting here to recognize
each one of them after the long separa- ,
tion. • .-*~" -"•:-¦ •/ ' \
For every "native son" there are always
Jn this city two Chinese witnesses ready
to take oath that the claims of the "na
tive" are absolutely the truth. Eighteen
jeers have not made old men of these
.witnesses. They are as young as the
men for whom they swear. The witnesses
are examined and upon their testimony
.alone Collector of the Port Jackson makes
hi* Chinese citizens at the rate of more
than 100 a month. In previous adminis
trations it was a custom of Collectors to
refuse these precious "natives" a landing
and force them into the courts if they
wanted to come into the United States;
but now the courts are idle in Chinese
ccses. Collector Jackson has no use for
ihera. The simple, uncorroborated testi
mony of two Chinese is enough to make a
native a Californian and a Californian
native a voter and citizen of the United
States.
In the admission of Chinese the frauds
are almost exclusively committed in those
classes admitted under section 6 of the
act of ISS4 and in the admission of native
eons. During th© administration of Col
lector of the Port Jackson the admission"
at Chinese under section 6 of the act of
liM has Increased from 50 to 80 per cent
and the admission of native-born citizens
from 50 to 90 per cent. Yet this alarming
Increase, coupled vith the startling fact
that the vast majority of "native-born
citizens" now being admitted left this port
before June 6. I£&2, has excited absolutely
no comment.
It has struck no one that there was a
reason why these men left this port be
fore that critical day. The reason Is
timply that after June 6. ISS2, the United
States Government has a record of iden
ticatlon of every Chinese who left on any
vessel from this port, and before June
6, 188?, the Federal Government has no
record that Is worth consideration. Every
Chinese who left after June 6, ISB2, can
be traced therefore without the shadow of
dcubt. Every Chinese who left before
June 6, ISS2, is lost in an official haze. It is
cot so remarkable, consequently, that the
vast majority of the great army of "na
tive sons" which is tiling into this . city
through the hands of Collector of tn»
Port John P. Jackson and a little coterie
of favored attorneys were born in this
city many years ago and left this port
before June 6. ISS2.
The gigantic fraud becomes palpable al
most at a glance. If these "native sons"
had not left Ban Francisco until after
June €, ISS2. they could be traced. Their
fraud would be apparent. The bureau of
information, mhlch Is established in
Hongkong, would be a useless expense.
The constant visits which favored, attor
neys make to the residence of Ho Vow,
the Chinese Consul General, would be
love's labor lost, for even the most ne
glectful of officials must expose the fraud.
The trade would be valueless. Chinese
merchants of this city would have to look
elsewhere than to China for their needed
laborers and the coolies which are pass-
Ing through the Golden Gate.
While entire official responsibility for
the landing of Chinese at this port rests
with Collector Jackson, the immediate and
preliminary supervision of the wretched
business Is in the hands of the Chinese
Bureau, an elaborate arm of the service,
which, in Its individual members, is, with
one exception, new to this .coast. The In
spector In charge is familiar with the
Chinese and their affairs only from what
he has learned on this coast. The inter
preters, assistant Inspectors and others
are under the direction of their chief. This
elaborate service was created during: the
term of Colonel Jackson and all that may
be said of it is that it has not prevented
the landing of Chinese and has done no
more than a perfunctory service which in
no sense has been investigation. When
some stray, densely stupid ¦Mongol be
comes tangled In an absurdity, which is
very rarely the case, he is returned- to
China and learns the lesson over again.
This bureau has allowed 10,000 Chinese
slaves to pass through its hands into this
city.
ORGANIZING THE RING
TO MAKE CHINESE
CITIZENS.
BEFORE Collector of the Port Jack
son assumed office, in June. 1597; the
wretched business of landing Chin
ese coolies at this port was in the
hands of certain attorneys who had work
ed the mine for years. "When. Collector. of
the Port Jackson began his administra
tion, the business of placing Chinese la
borers in this city as merchants, students
and tourists and of making out of the
2
Month and I Arrive.'
Year. 1 at S. F.
_ .
Rejected. [ Admitted
June. 1597
July. 1397
August. 1897...
September. 1397
October. 1397...
November. 1597
December, 1897
January. 1598..
February. 1898.
March. 1598....
April. ISM
May. 1898
364
S3O
233
482
397
411
2S«
113
113
231
213
540
14
13
4
4
12
k "
8
(
4
4
3
27
350
317
2SI
45»
3*5
334
2S*
109
109
237
213
613
Totals
5.733
lit
]_
_«.«!«
June. IS9B
July. 1898
August. 1598....
gepteniber. 1898
October. 1398...
November. IS9B
December. 1898
January. 1W9..
February. 1809.
March. 1599....
April. 1599
May. 1599
433
349
694
633
250
312
292
154
. 203
82
271
420
27
14
70
108
»S
74
CO
41
85
17
25
23
411
323
«24"
S3
IS3
2»
243
113
in
65
246
897
* Totals I 4. 098 _.
632
_J
3.506
Jane, 1809.. -....1 294 ~z: ¦ =
July. 1899 6W> Ji* ' M 5
August. 1509.... 36S S 673
Pentfmber, 1899 459 2. 323
October. 1399... 423 « «4
November. 1599 M 5 Jx >*1
December. 1399 4» J, 606
g ~ Ml
Month and I Arrive.'
Year. 1 at S. F.
_ .
Rejected. [ Admitted
June. 1597
July. 1397
August. 1897...
September. 1397
October. 1397...
November. 1597
December, 1897
January. 1598..
February. 1898.
March. 1598....
April. ISM
May. 1898
364
S3O
233
482
397
411
2S«
113
113
231
213
540
14
13
4
4
12
k "
8
(
4
4
3
27
350
317
2SI
45»
3*5
334
2S*
109
109
237
213
613
Totals
5.733
lit
]_
_«.«!«
June. IS9B
July. 1898
August. 1598....
gepteniber. 1898
October. 1398...
November. IS9B
December. 1898
January. 1W9..
February. 1809.
March. 1599....
April. 1599
May. 1599
433
349
694
633
250
312
292
154
. 203
82
271
420
27
14
70
108
»S
74
CO
41
85
17
25
23
411
323
«24"
S3
IS3
2»
243
113
in
65
246
897
* Totals I 4. 098 _.
632
_J
3.506
Jane, 1809.. -....1 294 ~z: ¦ =
July. 1899 6W> Ji* ' M 5
August. 1509.... 36S S 673
Pentfmber, 1899 459 2. 323
October. 1399... 423 « «4
November. 1599 M 5 Jx >*1
December. 1399 4» J, 606
g ~ MlOBJECTS TO THE ASSESSMENT.
Suit Filed by a Stockholder of the
Union Savings Bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 12.— C. I* Wltten. a
stockholder in the defunct Union Savings
Bank, filed c suit In the Superior Court
to-day In which tho legality of the direc
tors of that tank to levy an assessment
will be attacked. Some months ago the
bank levied an assessment of $60 per share
in order to liquidate the Indebtedness ot
the Institution to the depositors. This as
sessment has not been paid by any of the
stockholders.
Witten sets forth that he Ik the holder
of sixty shares of the bank. He claims
that the assessment Is too large, as there
are $359,000 of assets that If handled prop
erly could be realized on in time. It Is
alleged that $25 per share would be suf
ficient and that hs stands ready to pay
such a sum. Plaintiff then prays that the
$G0 assessment levied be set aside, and.
that the bank directors be enjoined from
prosecuting actions to collect. the assess
ment. An accounting of the assets of the
bank Is also asked in order that the court
may' order such assessment that It sees
fit and deems best without the Interven
tion of the directors..
Clark Will Not Resign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
* LOS ANGELES, April 12.— The. Intended
resignation of United States Senator W.
A Clark of Montana, as has been an
nounced by telegraph, is denied by his
brother, J. Ross Clark of this city. . In
reply to a telegram Senator Clark an
swered: VTho report, which will be sub
mitted about the 20th, will exonerate me
entirely. The decision Is based on tech
nicalities." '
Fire at Duncans Mills.
PETALUMA, April 12.— Word was re
ceived heret o-day of a disastrous fire in
Orr Bros.' saloon and hall at Duncans
Mills. The buildings were valued at *SOOO
and Insured for $2000.
Fish Destroyed.
PETALUMA, April 12.— Serious com
plaint has been made to :. the ' Fish • Com
missioners of the wanton destruction ot
fish in Petaluma Creek by the - use of
dynamit*
New Public Library for San Diego.
BARON ROTHSCHILD IS
INJURED IN A DUEL
Pricked in the Bight Forearm by the
Count of Lubersac Near
Paris.
PARIS, April 12.— The Count of Luber-
Kac and Baron Edouard Rothschild, a son
of Baron Alphonse Rothschild, fought a
duel with swords to-day In. the neighbor
hood of this city. Baron Edouard Roths
child was deeply pricked In the right fore
arm, but was able to return home for
lunch and to go for a stroll this after
noon.
This duel is another of the series of
encounters arising from the Count of Lu
bersac's letter to Baron Robert Roths
child, son of Baron Gustav Rothschild.
The firft duel took place on April 4 be
tween M. Michael Ephrussl and the
Count of Lubersac on the Island of
Grande Jatte. in the River Seine, at
Neuilly. M. Ephrussl was wounded In
the breast and the Count received a slight
scratch on the neck.
Sues for Possession.
Epecial Dlrpatch to The Call.
NAPA. April 12.— The suit of R. B. Saf
fold of Yountvllle against John Finnell of
Tcharaa County came up for trial here
to-day before Judge Ham and a Jury. It
involves the ownership of a ranch valued
at about $25,000. located In this valley. It
seems that about fifteen years ago Saffold
and Finnell made an agreement by. which
the former was to superintend a large
ranch in Colusa County for ten years, in
conFideration of a certain part of the net
proceeds; that after residing there two
rears Mr. Saffold's wife's health failed
and Finneir agreed to purchase the Yount
farm If Saffold would give up the remain-
Ing eight years of his engagement In Co
lusa. This was done and Finnell promised
to give Saffold a deed to the place, but
Finnell has not kept his promise. Saffold
has lived on the ranch ever since and
brings «ult for possession.
STENOGRAPHER M'CALLUM
THRASHES AN ATTORNEY
Accusation of Dishonesty in Vaca
ville Courtroom Ends in a
Street Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
WILLOW'S, April 12.— News was re
ceived here to-day of a difficulty at Vaca
vllle yesterday between Frank Freeman,
a prominent attorney of this place, and
Duncan McCallum, a court reporter ot
Glenn County, which resulted in Free«
man being battered up about the head
and eyes. The trouble started in the
courtroom when a request was made that
the court appoint Mr. McCallum court
reporter. Attorney Freeman quickly
Jumped to his seat and exclaimed, "Your
Honor, I object to his being . appointed
court reporter because he is dishonest."
Mr. McCallum, in answer to this, said,
"Judge, I am at present official court
reporter of Glenn County, and have here
my credentials." Then, turning to Mr.
Freeman, he said. "In regard to my dls
honesty, that is a personal affair; we will
settle that by and by." This happened
In the forenoon. In the afternoon Free
man and McCallum met on the street and
McCallum walked up to him and said,
"You have got me down Here away from
home, among strangers, and are en^
deavoring to make a fool of me. I do
not desire to have any trouble with you,
but if you ever say I am dishonest again
I will thrash you."
This stirred the wrath of Freeman.
He shook his fist in McCallum' s face and
exclaimed, "Don't dare to talk to me in
that manner." He had no sooner Bald
this than McCallum struck him imme
diately above the right eye, knocking him
to the ground. He rushed upon him and
struck him several blows before an • of
ficer could separate them. For some
time there has been ill feeling between
the two men. A year or so ago the men
were good friends, and Freeman waa in
strumental in having McCallum appoint
ed court reporter. A few months ago.
McCallum claims. Freeman asked him to
change the evidence In a case which was
being tried in the Superior Court here,
but he refused, saying he would rather
resign' his position than do such a thing.
McCallum says ever since that time Free
man has been endeavoring to have him
discharged.
Contracts for San Pedro.
LOS ANGELES. April 12.—Advertise
ments for proposals for the continuance
of the Government work at San Pedro
harbor were inserted in local papers to
day.- The proposals will be received until
May 16. 1900, at 11 a. m., when those re
ceived will be opened. Captain J. J. Mey
ler, the engineer in charge of the work
has prepared specifications, which are
quite lengthy.
Stickney Acquitted.
SACRAMENTO, April 12.— Robert 8.
Stickney of San Francisco was acquitted
In the Superior Court to-day on a charge
of grand larcency. He had been arrested
for the alleged theft of some diamonds
from Mrs. Rossiter Lott of Petaluma
with whom he eloped and whom he de
serted at this place.
TELEGRAPH
OPERATORS OUT
ON A STRIKE
Trouble of the Southern
Railway Reaches a Cli
max at Last.
Alabama Great Southern Also In
volved, but Officials Declare That
Traffic Has Not Been
Interrupted.
ATLANTA, Ga,, April 12.— The threaten
ing trouble of the telegraphers and other
station employes of the Southern Railway
and Alabama Great Southern Railway,
which has been pending for several
months, came to a head here to-day when
President Powell of the Order of Railway
Telegraphers called on the telegraphers
to quit work.
The trouble commenced last fall when
the telegraphers of each division appoint
ed a committee to go before the division
superintendents and ask a settlement of
certain grievances. Hearings, they say,
were refused them and an appeal was
made to General Superintendent Harrett
at Washington and later to Vice President
and General Manager Cannon. The offi
cers of the order state that no satisfac
tion was received from these officers and
the grievances were finally taken to
President Spencer, whose secretary said
the president was too ill to consider the
matter at this time.
President Powell says the committee
men selected to represent the men have
been dismissed to the number of moro
than twenty and that dozens of members
'of the Order of Railway Telegraphers
have been discharged because of their
membership. He says the last communi
cation to the officials of the company con
tained an offer to arbitrate the differ
ences. .
In the Atlanta office of the Southern
Railway seven of the nine telegraphers
employed there have quit work. Reports
received at strike headquarters are said
to be very satisfactory. Railroad officials,
however, say the strike has caused them
no Inconvenience and has not interfered
with traffic.
SAN DIEGO, April 12.— Ackerman &
Ross of New York proved to be the
successful architects In the compe
tition for plans for the Carnegie
Public Library building, to be erect
ed here, with the $50,000 given tli3
city for that purpose by Andrew Carne
gie. There were twenty-six designs cent
in for competition, and the committee
after a caieful study of them found thum
selves confronted with problems,
the flrgt of which was/ not knowing the
names or reputations of the architects,
they could "not determine how far certain
plans vrhlcli they favored might overrun
the $!W.COO limit of expense. As the ques
tion of cort, etc., could not be submitted
to local r.rcbltects and ' contractors, the
trustees ceclded to submit the plans to a
committee in San Francisco, consisting of
Willis Polk, a non-competing architect;
Bruce Porter, whose reputation as a
mural decorator and stained-glass artist
is unquestioned, and Rev. Joseph Worces
ter, an art critic of rare discernment, and
Miss Ina Coolbrith, in her capacity of
librarian.
Mr. Porter writes that there was little
room for question after the committee had
examined the set numbered 7, adding:
"We have, of course, no means of know-
Ing who the author is nor of his executed
buildings, but this design is the work of
an artist, working with feeling and sin
cerity and with an apparent security that
would justify the trustees in putting by
any doubt of his carrying through the
building with success and knowledge. It
is one of the best designs I have ever seen
for a small library, and if you choose this
for your building, with modifications that
will suggest themselves upon considera
tion, you will have one of the notable li
brary buildings of the world."
The building is to be two stories in
height' and have a basement the full
length. The outside measurement is S6 by
75 feet and the height 50 feet. Six steps
lead from the basement to the vestibule
of the first floor, where there Is a delivery
room 25 by 40 feet in size. On the right
there is a reference room 19 by 29 feet, and
a men's magazine room of the same size;
on the left are the women's magazine
room and the children's room, each 19 by
29 feet. The book shelves are at the head
of the delivery room, and back of these is
the stack room, 22 by 29 feet in size.
There are four stories of stacks, which
have a capacity of more than 18,000 vol
umes each, or :a total capacity of 75,000
volumes.
On the second floor Is an art gallery, 25
by 40 feet, in the center of the building,
with a museum on one side and a lecture
room on the other, each 20 by 38 feet. At
the rear of the art gallery is a special
study room, 12 by 13 feet, and adjoining
this is a stack room 22 by 39 feet. The
trustees' private room is in the front of
the building. The lighting and ventilation
have received special attention at the
SIMS CHALLENGED
TO FIGHT A DUEL
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. April 12.— A Journal spe
cial from Paris says: Charles Harries
Sims, assistant director of the department
of liberal arts and chemical Industries for
the United States at the exhibition, may
have to fight a duel.
A French newspaper man has challenged
him, probably because of some remarks
he made on French dllatoriness in view
of the nearness of the opening day of the
exhibition and the awful state of unpre
paredness In which everything Is. Mr.
Sims has been particularly energetic in
pushing matters to completion and has
had to complain bitterly about the way
the French officials hampered him. He
has particular charge of the exhibits of
typography, printing processes, national
show newspaper books, periodicals, bind
ings, etc., and In his work has been
brought Into contact with many newspa
per rn^n In Paris.
WHARF COLLAPSES.
Purser Paddon of the Willapa Nar-
rowly Escapes Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 12.— The recent
storms, which caused the fall of the
wharf at the Ladysmlth collieries, also
caused the collapse of the wharf of Stock
am & Dawley, at Clayoquot, one of the
more important trading posts on the west
coast of Vancouver Island. It fell during
a heavy gale on Monday while the
steamer Wlllapa was lying there dis
charging her cargo. Purser Paddon had
a very narrow escape from death. He
was standing on the wharf when it fell
and Just managed to crawl over the fall-
Ing timbers In time to clutch the edge
by the store adjoining the wharf. All
the freight stored on the wharf was lost
in the accident.
The Willapa, which brought the news,
also told of evidences of what may be
another wreck found on the coast. A few
miles from Uclulet Indians found a ship's
boat painted red inside and outside. Its
bows were broken. In the boat was a
GOVERNMENT
BANKS IN CUBA
TO BE CHOSEN
House Passes Bill Authoriz
ing the Selection of
Depositories.
Mothers of Soldiers Who Served in
Spanish War Even Though They
Married Confederates to
Be Pensioned.
?
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The House
to-day after a spirited debate adopted the
resolution reported from the Insular Af
fairs Committee to authorize the Secre
tary of the Treasury to designate deposi
tories in Porto Rico, Cuba and the Phil
ippines for the deposit of Government
funds. By the terms of the resolution it
applies to Cuba only so long as the island
shall be occupied by the United States.
An amendment to include the Philippines
in this provision as to Cuba, offered, as
was stated, to emphasize the desire of the
opposition not to retain the islands, was
defeated by a party vote.
A Senate bill which will permit the de
pendent mothers of poldlers or sailors of
the Spanish war, even though they mar
ried Confederate soldiers, to serve the
benefit of the general pension law, was
passed. The remainder of the day was de
voted to debate upon a resolution from
the Committee on Election of President,
Vice , President and Representatives la
Congress for a constitutional amendement
empowering the Legislatures of States to
decide whether the United States Senators
shall be elected by the Legislature or di
rectly by the people. A substitute reso
lution was offered by the minority, which
differed from the majority resolutions in
giving the States no option, but providing
that in all States the people should vote
directly for United States Senators.
Loudenslager of New Jersey called the
Senate bill to repeal section 4716 of the
Revised Statutes so far as it relates to the
dependent parents of sailors or soldiers
of the Spanish war. The purpose was to
permit the dependent mothers of soldiers
of the Spanish war to be pensioned even
If their husbands had been 'Confederate
soldiers.
"Why not repeal section 4716," asked
Gibson of Tennessee, "and let Confeder
ate soldiers who afterward served in the
Union army be pensioned?"
"No, no, called out Williams of Missis
sippi. "We don't want to pension desert
ers from the Confederate soldiers."
The bill was passed.
The conference report on the legislative,
executive and Judicial appropriation bill
was agreed to.
REFUSED TO
TAKE UP THE
CANAL BILL
Senate Insists Upon the
Regular Order of
Business.
Burrow's of Michigan Begins His
Argument Upon the Quay Case
in Opposition to the
Senator.
?
WASHINGTON*. April 12.— An effort was
made in the Senate to-day by Morgan to
displace the present unfinished business —
the Spooner Philippine bill — by the sub
stitution in its stead of the Nicaragua
canal bill. While Morgans morion failed,
li to 33. the Philippines measure had a
narrow escape from being displaced by
the Alaskan Civil Code bill en motion of
Carter, the motion being defeated on a
roll call 22 to 24.
The feature of the day's proceedings
was an exhaustive discussion of the Quay
case by Borrows of Michigan.
Jones ol Arkansas, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, opened
the session with a sharp retort to a
charge made against him in the House
yesterday by Oouivcr of lowa. He de-
ieiiGtcl nis action m ottering an amend
xiitnt to the A J orto Kico reuei bill, propos
ing to reiund the duties that had twen
cunectea xroiu tne people ot me island to
those who r.ad paid these duties. This
i>'juoii was attached by Dolliver of luwa
in tne House yesterday during the debate
on the l J <jrto Hico taxiit" and governmental
bill. Jones gaid he had offered nis reso
lution from tne conviction that the Gov
trument of the United States had no right
to levy any tariff duties upon products
coming from Porto Kico, and if the Gov
ernment had no such right it was com
mon honesty to give the money back to
the people irom whom it had been taken.
lie said that he was not in the confidence
cf trie sugar trust and had never looked
to see who had paid the revenues or where
this money would go. He had withdrawn
the- amendment, having become satisfied
that the whole matter should be left to
the courts to determine.
Morgan made an unsuccessful attempt
to have the Nicaragua canal bill made the
order of business for 2 o'clock on April 30.
Burrows of Michigan then addressed the
Senate on the resolution relative to the
seating of M. S. Quay as Senator from
J'ennsyivanla.
Burrows said that as a member of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections
he was called upen two years ago to con
cider the case of Henry W. Corbett. ap
pointed as a Senator by the Governor of
Oregon, and he was 'Torced to the con
clusion that the power of appointment in
that case was not lodged with the execu
tive, and a majority of the committee so
reported. The Senate sustained that re
port by a vote of 50 to IS. Since that time
h<> had seen nothing to cause him to re
verse his judgment. Then it was t^-Sen
ator Corbett; now it was ex-Senator
Quay. A change of patties certainly nught
not to produce a change of convictions."
Aftrr citing at great length the prece
dents Burrows brought forward the roll
call on the Corbett case, showing that
Perrose of Pennsylvania voted against
Corbett. and that Quay himself was
paired against him. In conclusion he
f?aid:
"And let me say to Senators of the other
View that no sooner shall you have estab
lished the doctrine contended for than
there will be a popular uprising in this
country which no power can resist or sup
press to take from State Legislatures and
Governors all power to appoint Senators
end to lodge it with the peoole."
The senior Senator from South Dakota,
unable on account of Morgan's objection
to pet his resolution expressing sympathy
for the Boers before the Senate, then ad
dressed the Senate a» If the resolution
were under consideration.
After an executive session the Senate at
4:50 p. m. adjourned until Saturday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
RED BLUFF, April 12.— A wreck occurred this evening between Cotton
wood and Hooker. A work train was backing north to Cottonwood when the
caboose Jumped the track and the otner cars plied up on It. Brakeman
Frank Reznor of Dunsmulr and Frank Rlchart of this place and Oscar Green
of Redding were killed outright and three section men— Dewltt. Green and
Hines— were badly Injured. Conductor Bryce was badly cut uo. but may re
cover. A special train with physicians and a wrecking crew left at once for
the scene of the wreck.
1 The parents of Frank Rlchart, who was single, reside at Sacramento and
lost another son in a railroad accident near San Luis Oblspo only three or
1 four months ago. The family formerly resided In Red Bluff and the four sons
were all brakeraen. Reznor leaves a widow and Bryce a widow and three
' children.
hands of the architects. The roof Is al
most flat and is covered with heavy glass,
which will permit sunlight to reach near
ly every room in the building. The archi
tects suggested that the base be of rock
or granite and the superstructure of light
brick with terra cotta trimmings. This
has not yet been decided upon by the
trustees.
As soon as» the plans have been submit
ted to Mr. Carnegie, which can be easily
done by the architect, for he is now in
New York, .the detailed drawings will be
made and bids for the work of construc
tion will be asked for.
keg of whisky, a breaker of water, some
canned meats and a pair of oars. There
was nothing about It to allow of Its Iden
tity. As no one has come ashore there it
Is reasoned that whatever occupants there
were in the boat have been drowned. The
boat was plainly that -of a ship.
Captain Hughes of the Wlllapa received
from Indians at Clotoose the name board
of the lost bark Dominion. The board,
which was found on the beach some time
ago, was little defaced. It reads "Domin
ion." No further news was heard of the
wreckage found In Barclay Sound or of
the bowsprit found near Kyuquot on the
last trip. The steamer did not go up that
far. r. ¦-„-,•¦¦¦.
Donation of Andrew Carnegie Will Give the City
One of the Finest Buildings of the
. Kind in the State.
BUILDING COLLAPSES
WITHOUT WARNING
Pittsburg the Scene of a Disaster in
Which Three Persons Are Killed
and Several Injured.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. April 12.— Without
warning and with a rush and a roar the
four-story brick building at the corner of
?econd avenue and Wood street collapsed
to-day, burying in its ruins a number of
people, three of whom were taken out
dead, six were badly hurt and several
others slightly injured. The dead:
MRS. MARTHA JONES, aged 64, of 511
Second avenue.
EL"(JENE BARNHARDT, Allegheny,
Eatesman.
ARTHt'R BIGL.ER. carpenter.
The injured:
Noel Casper of Emsworth, salesman,
\fg broken.
Joseph Sloes, lieutenant fire company
No. 1. ribs brnken.
Michael FhanK. steam fitter, leg broken
ir.d arm crushed.
James Sullivan, steam fitter, badly cut
bruised. / . ??
James V. Sims, carpenter, badly cut and
hrtjisr-d.
Aiipu«t Ferdegard. aged G4. was found
In the cellar of the wrecked building suf
fering severely from shock.
The building was occupied by the Arm-
Ftrong-McKolvy :Lead and Oil Company.
It was beins remodeled by Contractors
McGov^rn & Lyte. who were converting
the lower floors of the rorner stnrp ami
that next door into one large room. About
forty-eight feet of themiddle partition had
been removed and steel girders supported
by heavy iron posts were in place and the
finishing touches "were being put on the
remodeling work. The firm this morning
began the transfer of its stock from one
room to the other and apparently central
ized the heavy weight of the leads and
oils about the middle of the structure.
The collapse began by the second floor
breaking through, carrying with it the
two floors above, making a breach from
top to bottom through the center of the
building.
The fact that the rear portion of the
building on Second avenue did not col
lapse paved many lives. It was in that
f>art of the building that the offices were
ocated, in' which there were about ten
persons. Those who were in the rear por
tion of the building heard the crash and
ran out of the side door into Second ave
nue and escaped. The loss to the firm
will be about $40,000.
Mrs. Jonrs, the woman killed, was .in
the store for pome paint and evidently
had just completed her purchase, for
when her body and that of Salesman
Earnhardt, who had waited on her, were
found the man had a five-dollar bill in his
hand and the woman clutched her pock
ethcok. demonstrating the fact that the
collapse came so suddenly that neither
had time to move.
BRAKEMEN KILLED IN
A WRECK NEAR HOOKER
Caboose of a. Work Train Jumped the
Track and the Other Cars Piled
on Top of It.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
PLANS ACCEPTED FOR THE
NEW SAN DIEGO LIBRARY
I .rfffrtfldfw as a " ose p° ints °f st ye an d i
i/fS !i ll- *1 Jl^w iSl]^^^ tfl^w l^ilffiJifi s^^w S race w hich make it a fashionable, pf
'1 1 ! iff/ I H '• : Siif-^iliiflli ' c cutt ' n § anc^ c ma ki n g I
iI I I 1I 1 Jlf II l^piiil^lik are one as e y s^ould be done — I
f\ In! (r wHi 'flpll^lf^lifl \ m a thorough, careful, painstaking |
iM That the blue serge will be I
i^MIl Ii I n lii^Pll WOrn this summer t0 a Sreat ex- |
I lilllii MliilW Will 1 illii S uarantee ever V sui t and our guarantee |
i 111 ISifi 111 liil means something: your moneys worth or 1
I will/If^) ) MKml^ H! 11l - your money returned; or a year's repairing |
1 SliillSl 11 f'l ill e> Our. serges sustain this guarantee. |
H nillislllrlllif nil ( lImiII price ot tne suits is pj
H llllllljl lid liil Cheviot, with sailor collars; vestee and collar elegantly i
H lliillllf 11 ill trimmed with soutache of blue, white or black ; ages 3to 8 ||
if WllfMflif Ulll/llPlk H 9 fill all out-of-town orders for clothing, hats and furnishings. Write to us for our H
38 MAIHs'IH «JnvNsYtt& illustrated catalogue No. 2— it will help you in your ordering. Should you order chthing we l|
el rllJMfllll lilnlruPil send you a self-measuring blank, which assures you of setting a good fit. Write us to-day. »S
3elections all citizens of Porto Rico shall
be allowed to vote who have been bona
tide residents for one year and who pos
sess other qualifications of voters under
the laws and military orders in force on
March 1, 1900, subject to such modifica
tions and additional qualifications and re
strictions as to registration as may be
prescribed by the Executive Council. No
person shall be eligible to membership in
the House of Delegates who Is not 25
years of age and able to read and write
either the Spanish of the English lan
guage,.or who Is not possessed In his own
right of taxable property, real or per
sonal, situated in Porto Rico."
Provision Is made for enacting legisla
tion similar to that in other Territories.
The judicial power is vested in courts
already established, the Chief Justice and
Associate Justices and Marshal to be ap
pointed by the President; Judges of the
District Courts and other officers by the
Governor of Porto Rico. There is also a
United States District Court established
similar to that of other Territories. The
salaries . of all officers appointed by the
President are as follows: Governor, $S0OO;
Secretary, Attorney General, Auditor,
Commissioner of the" lnterior, $4000 each;
Treasurer, $5000; Commissioner of Educa
tion, $3000; Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court and United States District Judge,
$5000 each; Associate Justices, $4500 each;
two Marshals, each $3000; District Atttor
ney, $4000. • ¦
¦ No export duties are to be collected, but
taxes and licenses may be levied.
On the regular election day .In Novem
ber and every two years thereafter Porto
Rico may choose &-¦ Commissioner- to rep
resent the island at Washington; salary
$6000. ¦
A commission of three members, one a
native of Porto Rico,, Is to be named to
revise and codify the 'laws of. the island.
The act for a civil government is to go
into effect May 1, 1900.
Jurisdiction Not Decided.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The Supreme
Court to-day denied leave to file the peti
tion of Ramon Baez, a citizen of Porto
Rico, for writs of habeas corpus and cer
tlorarl in the proceeding against him for
violation - of the Porto Rlcan election law
by the provisional courts of that island,
Baez being now In confinement under this
proceeding. The decision was announced
by the Chief Justice, who made a brief ex
planation of the court's attitude. The
court did not enter at all upon the ques
tion of Jurisdiction or decide any of the
more important points raised by the peti
tion.
The Chief Justice said In his explanation
that the application was not made to the
court until March 26, on the eve of a two
weeks' recess. This delay was, he said.
In the face of the fact that Baez had from
December 11 to apply for relief. Because
of this delay, he said, the court's Interpo
sition would have, been unavailing if It
had taken Jurisdiction. If the writ of
habeas corpus had been Issued April 9,
the next court day after the peti
tion was presented, the imprisonment
would have expired blx days after
ward- and fourteen days before the
person having him In custody would
be required to make his return. Thus, be
fore the case could be heard upon the writ
and return, the prisoner would be no long
er in custody. He stated in conclusion
that the court was not to be understood
as intimating in any degree an opinion on
the question of jurisdiction or other ques
tions raised by the petition..
Conditions in Porto Bico.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, April s.—Gen
eral conditions In Porto Rico remain the
same from week to week. Delegations of
country people continue to arrive at the
Governor's palace almost dally and beg
for relief. Without doubt, thousands of
Porto Ricans are destitute and: without
work. One need but glance at the poor,
ragged, barefooted peons and notice the
expression of want and destitution to be
convinced of. this fact. Nevertheless, the
situation is not quite as bad as it has been
painted. ..
At noon yesterday a delegation of poor
people from Aquas Buenos presented
themselves at the palace. The procession
was headed by four or five little girls not
over 10 years of age, two of whom carried
black flags, evidently supposed to signify
that the party was In mourning for the
ones left behind, too weak from starvation
to attempt the long journey to the capital.
The little glrla^were followed by twenty
flve women anfl one hundred men. They
were taken In at the palace by Colonel
Ho ff, to whom they presented the usual
petition, telling of want and destitution.
This Is the second delegation of the sort
from ' Aquas I Buenos j this week, the first
arriving on Monday. It might be noted in
this J connection that nearly all of these
delegations have come from this same
general district. They arrive at the palace
almost daily, and the general opinion Is
that they are directed by people with an
object in view. An army official is author
ity for. the statement that a delegation
from other sections of the island once in a
while would.; perhaps be more effective.
.When all originate in the same district it
appears rather suspicious. ...:,*
Many Rations Issued Weekly.
According to the report of the post com
mander at Aquas Buenos, • under date of
March 29, over 3000 rations have been is
sued weekly from that post for over three
months. He says that there are no labor
ers idle excepting those who do not wish
to work; that there are few families with
out at least one able-bodied man; that the
Alcalde has orders that every able-bodied
man mustf be made to work for the ra
tions; that the Alcalde has failed; utterly
to have the roads repaired; although he
has had ample time, and that the Alcalde
receives ": thirty relief supply tickets
monthly. „
.The officer adds in his report that in his
personal opinion the requests for work
and provisions are simply schemes of the
Alcalde :to v provide provisions for the
lazy, idle people. The. sergeant believes
that the -petitioners are backed by a cer
tain clique of citizens of the town. Includ
ing the - Alcalde, .who desires that every
family should draw relief supplies, wheth
er or not they are destitute. He also
adds that the Alcalde In Issuing the relief
tickets allotted to him does not distribute
them to the more needy. \ Such instances
us this need not be taken- as applying to
the entire Island. In many cases.. the peo
ple are; actually starving and .-. with no
work to do. Thousands of dollars' worth
of i provisions have »¦ been ; lsaued to these
CHARLES H. ALLEN, Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
Who Will Be Civil Governor of Porto Rico.
NEW HALL TO
BE READY FOR
DEMOCRATS
Convention Will Be Held
at Kansas City as
Arranged.
Committee Appointed to Investigate
Heports That Sufficient Guar
j antfee Has Been Given by
the Hall Company.
KANSAS CITT. April 12.— There w!ll r be
no change in date or place of holding
the Democratic National convention, pre
viously set for Kansas City July 4. The
cub-committee of the National Demo
cratic Committee met the local committee
on arrangements here to-day and after
going over the situation thoroughly draft
ed and signed the following statement:
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 13.
Hon. James K. Jones, Chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee. Washington,
r>. c.
Sir: Tha special committee appointed by you
to arrange all details Incident to tbe holding
of the national convention .en July •* met in
Kansas City to-day In special session. Thla
meeting: wag called on account of the destruc
tion of Convention Hall, the purpose beine to
determine whether this calamity would ne
cessitate any chance In the time or place for
holding the convention. The committee con
ferred fully with the director* of the Conven
tion Hall Company and with' the executive
committee of citizens having- the arrangements
for the convention In charge.
We find that the people of Kansas City are
determined to rebuild the hall and have It
ready for the convention by July 4; and that
the committee in charge of this matter has now
in hand, in cash available for rebuilding- pur
poses, a larger sum of money than was ex
pended In the erection of the building: which
has Just been destroyed.
The directors of the hall company have en
tered into a contract with responsible firms
and corporations for the reconstruction of the
building, the contracts requiring the work to
be completed prior to the date of the conven
tion. In each Instance the contractors have
entered Into a heavy bond, with penalties, for
the literal fulfillment of their several engage
ments. We examined these contracts, and after
full conference with the directors and architect
of the .building we are satisfied that the hall
will be rebuilt so as to fully accommodate the
convention In accordance with the original con
tract of Kansas City, and that no necessity
will arise for any change either in the time or
place of holding the convention.
We do not consider that there Is any neces
sity at this time to trouble the full committee
with the further consideration of this subject.
We make this report so that this matter may
be set at rest.
WILLIAM J. STONE. Chairman.
C. A. WALSH, Secretary
J. G. JOHNSON.
ADAIR WILSON.
JOHN S. RILLING.
For J. M. GUFFET.
Must Begin at Once
the Establishment of
a Territorial Govern
ment for the Island.
Conditions and Provisions of
the New Law Under
Which the United States
Will Remodel Existing
Institutions.
+ ' ' +
? WASHINGTON, April 12.— +
The President at 7 o'clock
+ this evening signed the Porto +
•f{ : Eican tariff and civil gov- +
ernment bill. Only Secretary +
+ Boot and Mr. Cortelyou, the +
+ assistant secretary to the
+ President, were present when +
i; the bill became a law.
©?+?++?++??++++++++++?©
WASHINGTON. April 12.— Charles
H. Allen, at present Assistant
Secretary of the Navy, will be
the first Civil Governor of Porto
Rico under the provisions of
the bill passed yesterday by the House of
Representatives. Inasmuch as the act
takes effect on the Ist of next month,
there is but little time left In which to
outline a skeleton form of government.
Including the formation of a Cabinet. If
Is understood that the new Governor will
be taken to Porto Rico In one of the finest
vessels of the navy. '-.<-.,. ',^-v
Toward the close of the afternoon Mr.
Allen was summoned to the White House
! by" the President and the informal tender
iof the post was made. Mr. Allen returned
[ a practical acceptance. Then the Presi-
I dent and the next Governor of Porto Rico
| spent an hour in close conference respect
i ing the matters to be arranged in the im-
I mediate future. Owing to the fact that
little more than two weeks' time Inter
venes before the civil government must
' go into operation, according to the terms
of the act of Congress/ it was decided
that it would not be practicable to com
plete the Cabinet of the Governor in that
time.
Therefore Mr. Allen will go alone to
San Juan at the earliest possible moment
after Secretary Long's return to Wash
ington, which should be on Saturday next.
He will put himself in touch with Gener-al
Davis, now Military Governor of the
island, and spend a short time in ac
quainting himself with tho insular affairs
and in studying the character of the men
who present themselves to his notice as
proper material for membership of the
new Cabinet. As soon as he shall havt.
established himself and the knowledge ht
seeks Governor Allen will return to the
United States. He may leave General Da
vis In charge during his absence, but in
case it shall have been found possible to
; complete the formation of the. Cabinet or
••even If only one member shall have been
appointed, 1 then that person will act as
temporary Governor.
In the selection of Mr. Allen the Presi
dent has had in mind the appointment of
a man of affairs and of sound business
experience, qualities which are deemed
essential in the administration of an en
tirely new government, such as is to be
erected in Porto Rico.
Allen an Able Man.
Mr. Allen is no lawyer, but legal advice
always can be had even In Porto Rico
when the occasion arises, and. in fact, the
organic act provides for a well paid At
torney General as a member of the Gov
ernor General's Cabinet.
Mr. Allen was born In Lowell, Mass., In
IS4S, and graduated at Amherst: He has
had, In addition to his business experi
ence, a great deal of legislative training.
First a member of the Lowell School
Board, he entered the lower house of the
Massachusetts Legislature in 1881, went
Into the State Senate in 18S3, and then be
came a member of the National House of
Representatives. He served through the
Forty-ninth and Fiftieth: Congresses, and
might have continued in legislative work
had he. not declined a renomination. At
the close of his Congressional career he
resumed the active control of his impor
tant business interests, and although he
became Assistant Secretary of the Navy
on Alay 9, Ih9B, succeeding Theodore
Roosevelt, hs has managed to maintain
his business connections notwithstanding
the volume of Important duties that fell
to his share in the Spanish-American war.
At present he Is the head of a firm man
ufacturing wood preservatives, a presl-.
dent of one bank, a director in another
and is largely Interested in the manufac
ture of high grade papers.
Great interest is telt in naval circles in
the personality of Mr. Allen's successor
as Assistant Secretary of the Navy. His
administration of the vast details of the
Navy Department has been extremely_
-popular,»and it was fully- expected that,
should Secretary Long decline to continue
through another administration in tho
Navy • Department, in the event of Me-
Kinley's re-election, Mr. Allen would suc
ceed to that Important post. It is said,
however, that his assignment to the Gov
ernorship of Porto Rico does not com
pletely remove him from the field as a
Secretary of the Navy in the future, for
the most expected of him now is that he
shall inaugurate and put on a sound busi
ness basis the new government In Porto
Rico. He will return to the United States
when that important work Is accom
plished. . 1, :.'.-'
Summary of Government.
The following is a summary of the Gov
ernment provisions of the Porto Rico bill:
The capital shall be at San Juan. Per
sons who weie Spanish subjects on rApril
11, 1899, and who have not elected to pre
serve their allegiance to Spain are ¦ held
to be citizens of Porto Rico and entitled
to the protection of the United States.
The designation of the body politic Is un
der the name of "The People of Porto
Rico." '
The laws and ordinances of Porto Rico
now In force shall continue In full force
and' effect, except as altered by this act
or. 1 by -military orders which "are not in
consistent with the laws of the United
States. .The old law forbidding the mar
riage of. priests and ministers is repealed.
The vessels of Porto Rico are to be na
tionalized and admitted to the benefits of
the 'United States 1 coasting; laws. Quar
antine stations are to "be established.'
Porto Rico coin Is to; be rated the peso
60 cents In the exchange. .Three months
after tho act takes effect Porto Rico coins
are not to-be legal tender. Property
usually under the control : of the United
States will so continue and: other proper
ties acquired from Spain will be adminis
tered by the Porto ¦ -Rican Government.
The Governor Is to be appointed by - the
President and hold his, -office for- four
years, having the, powers .conferred on
Governors of Territories I of ' the United
States, but is to make his reports through
the Secretary of. State to the President.;
. An executive council' appointed by -the
President and confirmed .by •* the Senate,
consisting of . a. Secretary,'^ Attorney Gen
eral, Treasurer, -Auditor,,", Commissioners
of Interior' and Education and five other
persons, is* to hold " office for four ¦ years.
The Council Is, the" upper- branch; of the
Legislature, five of whom shall be natives
of Porto Rico.' The other. branch shall be
a House of Delegates, to consist of thirty
five • members elected , bl-annually by the
qualified electors.
Divided Into Seven Districts.
Porto Rico is to be divided Into "seven
districts, each with five delegates. V, The
Qualifications for voters are: "At^" such.
PERRY BELMONT
TO ASSIST THE
DEWEY BOOM
New York Millionaire Is
Anxious to Help the
Admiral.
Governor Roosevelt Declares Very
Positively That He Will Not -
Accept the Nomination for
Vice President.
Social rMspatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. April 12.—
Significant developments in connection
with the candidacy of Admiral Dewey In
dicate that . his boom is growing in
strength and that there are friends behind
the admiral preparing for a vigorous cam
paign in his behalf. i ¦
John R. .McLean gave a dinner this
evening to the admiral and Mrs. Dewey
to meet Mr. and Mrs. Perry Belmont of
New York. Although it was largely a
6oclal affair, the fact that Mr. Belmont
has come to Washington in the interest of
the Dewey boom and that he has been In
conference with Admiral Dewey and Mr.
McLean gave the dinner more than a
mere social interest. Another significant
development is the report from Onto that
the Democratic delegation from that State
may go to Kansas City uninstrueted. Sim
ilar reports from other sections cause con
siderable uneasiness among the followers
of Mr. Bryan here. Tncre is a steadily
growing sentiment among the Democrats
who are not pledged to Bryan that Ad
miral Dewey possesses many attractive
qualities as a Presidential possibility.
Perry Belmont's Democracy nas never
been questioned. He has been a regular
attendant at Democratic national conven
tions for many years find he has been an
active and valuable worker In the party
ranks. He does not hesitate to say that
he believes the candidacy of Admiral
Dewey can be placed before the American
people in such a manner as to arouse pub
lic sentiment in his behalf. Mr. Belmont
has conversed with numerous Senators,
Representatives and other public men who
are interested in national politics and he
has found an underlying sentiment favor
able to Admiral Dewey's candidacy.
ROOSEVELT DECLINES TO
ACCEPT SECOND PLACE
President McKinley, after a conference
over the long distance telephone with
Governor Roosevelt, is satisfied that It
will be impossible to gain the consent of
the Governor to accept the Vice I'residen
tial nomination. Information to this ef
f<-ct has been passed among Republican
leaders to-day, and as a result they are
all at nea as to McKinley's running mate.
There is a disposition among some of
them to proceed with the Roosevelt boom
and endeavor tc force his nomination by
acclamation, thus; putting him in the posi
tion where he will either have to respond
to the party's call or sacrifice party In
terests for personal considerations. The
President, however, has taken the Gov
ernor at his word and is conferring with
party leaders with a view to determining
en some other man.
Governor Roosevelt, it is said, was most
emphatic in his declaration that he would
under no circumstances consent to his
name going before the Philadelphia con
vention, and said that if the nomination
were forced upon him he would be con
strained to decline it.
Governor Roosevelt will attend the na
tional convention. Senator Platt said to
day that the four delegates at large from
New York would he Thomas C. Platt,
Chauncey M. Depew. Theodore Roosevelt
and Benjamin B. Odel! Jr. It was the
original intention to keep Mr. Roosevelt
away from the convention in. order that
he mljrht not te able to protest against
the nomination which was to be forced
upon him. Learning that' this programme
was in contemplation. Governor Roosevelt
expressed his intention of being present,
even if only as a spectator, in order to
put a check upon the scheme.
As the matter now stands he will attend
the convention with the knowledge that
he is not to be considered. As a delegate
8i larpe he will be able to participate in
the proceedings of the convention, and it
is understood arrangements are being
made to have him place the name of Wil
liam McKinlev in nomination.
With Governor Roosevelt out of the Vice
Presidential contest. Republican leaders
have been energetically discussing other
available candidates. As the matter stands
to-night Representative James Sherman
of New York and Secretary Long are the
possibilities most seriously considered.
LARGE DELEGATION PROMISED
Many Clubs Will Be Represented at
Los Angeles Convention. \
Fjvelal D'.FSjatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. April 12.— Reports that
were to-day received by the executive
committee having in charge the details
of the State Convention of Republican
League Clubs that meets here April 27-23
show that 170 clubs have been organized
In the State and are in full working or
der. The most encouraging feature is that
twenty-eight clubs have been organized
In the Second Congressional District, dis
tributed through Calaveras. Amador, San
Joaquin Nevada, Placer. Mariposa, Tuo
lumne and Butte counties. These clubs
are well officered and have elected dele
gates. From Southern California reports
are being received of great activity with
nearly every county south of Tehachapi
selecting, delegates. The figure of 1200
delegates the committee thinks will now
be exceeded.
Thousands of bulletins, circulars and
miscellaneous literature have in the past
ten days been mailed to all workers and
ppecial letters of correspondence to every
progressive and R'^ublican paper In the
State. The assertion is warranted that if
the letters received are a fair criterion
the coming convention will be the most
notable In the history of the league.
Bryan in Arizona.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. April 12.— William J
Bryan arrived this morning and was es
corted by two brass bands . through the
streets to his hotel, where he wai en
tertained by the Democratic clubs.
A reception followed, during which he
received a message from a dying woman
enthusiastic for his principles, asking
him to call on her, as she desired to meet
the champion of her faith. He readily
responded. Returning to the hotel, Bryan
addressed the school children, the schools
being closed for the occasion. For an
hour and a half he addressed 5000 people
en the public plaza on tho subjects of free
silver, trusts and imperialism. It was an
attentive and interested audience. He left
for Prcscott on a special train at 1
o'clock.
Men's calf shoes worth $3 for $1 25 a pair
at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market st. •
CULTURED WOMAN THE
WIFE OF A CHINAMAN
Is a Confirmed Opium Fiend and
Lived With Him in a
Filthy Hovel.
EpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. April 12.— 1n a dilapi
dated shanty at Highland Park, near the
Arroyo Seco, was discovered to-day, a
woman, a confirmed opium fiend, who is
the wife of Horn Sing, a Chinese vegetable
peddler. Notwithstanding her wretched
surroundings and % mode of life, at the age
of 23, she is as handsome, well educated
and refined as any one of her former com
panions of Philadelphia. In her miserable
abode she is surrounded by- costly dresses
and does not conceal the diamonds she
possesses.
The woman is seeking the aid of the
Humane Society that, she may recover
from her habit. She stated that her name
is Clara Singcrly. and that she had been
sentenced to eighteen years' imprisonment
for child murder, but was released on a
pecond trial, after having served two
yeas*. One year ago, upon the advice of
the matron of the prison, she married the
Chinese. An attempt will be made to
place her in the care of the King's
Daughters.
URGES THE PASSAGE OF
THE EIGHT-HOUR BILL
President G-ompers of the Federation
of Labor Before the House
Ji^v,: Committee.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— President
Gompers of the Federation of Labor made
an extended argument before the House
Committee on Labor to-day in support of
the proposed eight-hour law. Mr. Gomp
ers said the movement had. secured some
measure of success in the States and mu
nicipalities, and it was desired to have
the Government recognize it by the en
actment of the present measure. Through
some mysterious means, he said, the
words "upon public works" were put into
the Federal eight-hour law of 1592, thus
confining It to narrow limits and robbing
It of the value that Its advocates ex
pected.
The present bill, he said, was the result
of five years of thought, study and effort.
He urged that the reduction of the hours
of labor was demanded by every Interest
of the Government, which should be as
much concerned in the physical and men
tal strength of the workmen as In the
tensile strength of the steel and armor
furnished to it.
QUEEN REVIEWS
SCHOOL CHILDREN
Had. Arrived Too Late to Take Part
in ' the Special Services Held
Last . Saturday.
DUBLIN. April 12.— There was a decided
Improvement in the weather to-day. The
Queen, after starting to drive to the Zo
ological Gardens In her donkey carriage,
abandoned her proposed visit to that
place, and Instead remained driving in the
viceregal grounds, where she reviewed a
thousand children from Queens County,
who had arrived too late to take part in
the children's demonstration in honor of
her Majesty held Saturday in Phoenix
Park. The children were compensated for
their disappointment on that occasion, be
¦ing brought to Dublin on a special train
to-day.
Much to the public's surprise, the Queen
drove out late this afternoon In a closed
landau, accompanied by Princess Henry
of ¦•¦• Battenberg. The route extended
through Castle Nock village, returning by
way of Phoenix Park at 5:40 p. m. In
spite of the pouring rain, her Majesty ex
pressed pleasure at her outing.
•. . ?
To Stock Streams.
UKIAH, April 12.— Alfred V. Lamotte,
superintendent of the California North
western fish hatchery In this city, has re
turned'from the station . at Little Lake.
The catch made this year was over a mil
lion eggs. ¦; Tho streams In this county will
therefore •be thoroughly stocksd during
the coming season.
VThe Peace Conference," a
remarkable poem by Madge
Morris! Illustrated with a full-
page : drawing by Methf essel.
This will be one of the most
artistic : pages ever published
and a revelation in what can
be done by the most up-to-
date halftone processes and
presswork. We challenge
comparison! Get the Easter
edition of The Call-^-out next^
Sunday— or > you will miss
something really great.
SEVERE EARTHQUAKES
OCCUR IN BOHEMIA
Sixty Houses Destroyed at Toron and
It Is Feared the City Will Have
to Be Abandoned.
, VIENNA, April 12.— A severe earth
quake has occurred at Toron, Bohemia,
sixty houses being destroyed, though
without loss of life.
The shocks continue and it is feared
that the town must be abandoned alto
gether.
FIGHT WITH TRAMPS.
Hard Characters Attempt to Hold Up
a Train, but Are Foiled-
HEBRON. N. D., April 12.— After a live
ly fight. In which numerous shots were
fired, six tramps who held up a freight
train here were arrested and lodged in
Jail. They shot at the conductor and ter
rorized the train crew, but were rounded
up by a posse of citizens with rifles The
only casualty was a wound In the knee
received by one of the tramps, who will
lose his leg.
SUSPECTED OF MURDER.
"Widow of a Blind Physician Is Under
Surveillance.
BOSTON, April 12.— Dr. J. P. Cocke. a
blind physician, who recently figured In
a sensational divorce case here, was
found dead in his home to-night with a
pistol shot wound In his mouth. His
wife Charlotte, while not formally ar
rested, is under surveillance pending the
clearing away of suspicious features
Senator Injured.
VALLEJO. April 12.— Senator Luch-sln
pr suffered a severe fall to-day from a
ladder and was badly bruised. Despite
the accident ho made the presentation
XTt h «°/$ eitt of a hancteome s^ord t S
Assistant Paymaster Peoples this evening.
WANTS NEWSPAPER MEN
TO HELP HIS DETECTIVES
Chief of Police of Chicago Thinks
That His Force of Sleuths
Could Be Improved.
CHICAGO, April 12.— Chicago r ?wspaper
reporters may be enlisted In the city police
service. Chief of Police Klpley advises
their appointment to places In the de
tective department, where they may
serve as aids to the officers commanded
by Chief of Detectives Colleran. Chief
Kipley expressed the opinion to-day that
In the employment of active, wide-awake
news gatherers, men trained by expe
rience and fitted by disposition to secura
conviction as well as readable evidence,
the value of his present force would be
greatly augmented.
"The need for remembering minute de
tails of cases and court records after their
disposal before the proper tribunal pecu
llarlv adapts a newspaper man for the
work," said Chief Klpley. "Give me a
few good, lively newspaper men. with a
nose for news, lots of tenacity and the
ability to express themselves, and I could
catch the slickest rascals whom the devil
The recent robberies on the Lake Shore
drive including the Potter residence, from
which nearly $20,000 worth of jewels were
stolen, and the apparent utter inability
of the detective force to find a clew. has.
it Is said brought Chief Klpley to the
conclusion that the employment of news
paper men would result in a vast improve
ment in the efficiency In that branch of
the police force.
Big Mining Company.
SPOKANE. Wash.. April 12.— The
Chronicle this afternoon says: The for
mation of the biggest mining company
operated in the Northwest and one of the
most gigantic mining schemes ever formed
was made public to-day. The King Solo
mon Mining Company, headea by James
B°ToKd of Lima. Ohio, has been cap
italized for $30,000,000 and has secured hun
dreds of claims for two and a half miles
along Lake Kootenay. near Alnswortn.
B. C.
people for many months. Thousands have
been fed and the relief supply has never
run short. In Porto Rico, as in every
country, a class of people exist who will
not work so long as they may pick up
enough to .keep the spark of life aflame
without exerting themselves. This sort of
people have learned of the $2,095,000 appro
priated to Porto Rico, and many of them
nave come In expecting to receive their
share.
The condition of the laboring class will
be materially relieved in a few weeks.
Contracts for the building of nine new
roads from seacoast towns to interior
points were let a few days ago. The ap
proximate coat of this work \ ill be $600,
000; of which $95,000 must be earned per
month, according to the contracts. It has
been estimated that nearly 10,000 men will
be given employment. ; ; ¦
Thousands Need Medical Aid.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, April 12.— The
startling fact was recently made .public
that in many districts of Porto Rico,
where the population reaches thousands,
there is no resident physician. For in
stance Wayula. a town of 1500, must de
pend upon the simplest remedies In tho
case of Illness as there Is no physician
within call. At Utando the death rate la
80 per cent annually, and this town Is a
day's ride from Ponce through the moun
tains. If appears that physicians have
been sent to these districts, but they re
fuse to remain, largely because no town
Is able .to support one. _ As a result of
this condition of things the order pr6
viding a physician for every ¦ 500 people
is now very difficult of enforcement, be
cause the towns reply that there is no
fund to pay for such service. This island
is one vast poorhouse and there are op
portunities for charity at every step.
Were $10,000 to be expended immediately
for medicine and medical aid it would
possibly save the lives of 3000 people. At
one time the Government considered the
feasibility of assigning a physician to
each town at an aggregate coat of JSO.OOO
per year, but the funds for such an outlay
are not available.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE
NAVY ALIEN TO BE THE FIRST
CIVIL GOVERNOR OF PORTO RICO
REPUBLICANS OF
OREGON INDORSE
ADMINISTRATION
State Convention Nominates
Officers and Elects
Delegates.
Resolutions Adopted Favoring the
Nicaragaan Canal and Election
of Senators by Direct Vote
of the People.
PORTLAND, April 12.— The Republican
State Convention met to-day, nominated
one Justice of the Supreme Court, Food
and Dairy Commissioner, four Presiden
tial electors and elected four delegates-at
large to the national convention at Phila^
delphia. The convention Indorsed the gold
standard legislation of the present Con
gress and the course of President McKin
ley's administration in the Philippines.
The following ticket was nominated:
Justice of the Supreme Court— C. E.
I Wolverton, renominated.
Food and Dairy Commissioner— J. W.
Bailey, renominated. . - ; -;.'-
Presidential electors— O. F. P.axton,
Multnomah County; J. C. Fullerton,
Douglass County; W. J. Furnish, Uma
tilla County; Tillman Ford, Marion
County.
Delegates to the national convention —
H. E. Ankehey,' Jackson County; J. D.
Daly, Benton County; Wallace McCam
mant, Multnomah County; 11. P. Kuck,
Wusco County. Alternates — Louis Simp
son, Coos County; E. L. Holgate, Benton
County; Wallis Nash, Lincoln County;
John' \V. Knowies, Union County.
The delegates to the national convention
were not instructed.
The platform commends the Republican
Congress for its recent legislation making
the gold standard a part of the statutory
law of the land ana says: "So long as
either of our great political parties ad
vocates the free coinage of silver the
maintenance of the gold standard is the
most important political issue, affecting
as it does the value of the farmers' crop
and the laborers wages."
On the question of expansion the plat
form says: ./,'.-
We indorse the policy of the administration
in securing the I'hlllppfne Islands, suppressing
the Insurrection there, and demand that they
shall be retained as American territory.
We regard trade with the Orient as one of the
great sources of our national wealth In the
future and an open door in China as an im
portant aid to the growth of our trade in the
Orient. We commend the successful efforts
of the present administration, and especially
of the Pecretaray of State, to secure by treaty
with the several European power* the right to
the free introduction of American goods into
this great empire.
The resolutions favor the immediate
construction of the Nicaragua canal un
der Governmental control.
A resolution was adopted favoring the
election of United States Senators Dy a
direct vote of the people and instructing
the Oregon delegation to make every ef
fort to secure such an amendment to the
constitution.
On the subject of trusts the platform
says: "We recognize the vital necessity
of "control of the organization and curtail
ment of the powers of trusts and combi
nations of capital by the State within its
borders, and pledges its support in the ap
proaching Legislature to laws defining
and carrying out these objects."
««.
Populists Organize.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 12.— The Popu
list State ConventicH spent almost the en
tire day in an attempt to effect a perma
nent organization. The contest was over
.fusion with the Democrats, and the fusion
element finally was victorious. A com
mittee was appointed to confer with a
committee from the Democratic conven
tion for the gurpose of agreeing upon a
fusion platform and ticket.
-At the • evening session tha conference
committee reported that the platform had
been agreed upon by the two committees.
The joint platiorm was read, and after a
long discussion action was postponed un
til to-morrow. The platform reaffirmed
the Slate platform of the Democratic,
Peoples and Silver Republican parties of
Oregon adopted in I£9S; favors the income
tax law ana the election of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people;
opposes government by injunction; favors
the passage of an employer's liability, ap
plicable to railroad companies; tavors
the initiative and referendum; opposes
wars of conquest and colonial possession;
favors Filipino independence and a pro
tectorate by the United States; expresses
sympathy with the Boers; condemns
trusts and condemns the present Repub
lican administration.
The platform also favors Government
ownership of telegraphs and municipal
ownership of franchises. Equal suffrage
is indorsed. Delegates to the National
Convention were instructed to vote for
W. J. Bryan for President. At 11 p. m.
the convention adjourned until to-mor
row. Twelve middle-of-the-road delegates
held a convention this afternoon, but took
do action ponding the decision of the fu
sion convention.
. .• — i — •
Fusion for Nevada.
RENO, Nev., April 12.— One of the great
political disturbances of this State took
place here to-day. The Silver party's
State Central Committee met to deter
mine, first, the question of fusion or no
fusion with the Democrats and Populists
generally, where the Silver party is going
to stand in relation to Francis G.< New
lands' aspirations for re-election to Con
gress, and a great many other things of
minor importance. Governor Sadler, W.
W. Williams, W. E. Sharon, Sam Davis
and pretty much all the prominent Sllver
ites of the State were 1 present. The pro
ceedings were acrimonious and every
point was hotly contested throughout, but
while the Sharon men out-talked their op
ponents, the latter seemed. to. carry every
point. The first test vote occurred on
temporary chairman. Governor. Sadler
nominated Nate W. ¦ Roff. . George S.
Nixon nominated James L. McDonald.
Roff was elected. • ' .
Then the question of fusion came up.
Considlne. Sharon and others said a great
deal. Incidentally holding Mr. Wallace,
who held a proxy in the meeting, to ac
count for all their troubles, but after all
a resolution was adopted in favor of fu
sion, and a committee as follows was
appointed to confer with the Democrats
and Populists as to the date for holding
the State convention: W. E. Sharon, R.
Sadler, 'Ben Rosenthal, Benjamin Curler
and A. L. Fitzgerald. This committee la
supposed to stand at least two to three
against the Sharon-Newlifnds interests.
Democrats Indorse Bryan.
' PORTLAND, Or., April 12.— The Demo
cratic State Convention to-day organized
and appointed a committee on platform
and one to confer with a committee from
the Populist State Convention regarding
a union of forces of the two parties. The
afternoon was mostly taken up in speech
making while the convention was waiting
for the committees to report. During the
afternoon an Interesting, contest for chair
man of the State Central Committee was
decided. H. B. Nicholson of Portland,
who was put forward for chairman by the
anti-imperialists, was defeated by R. 8.
Sheridan by a vote of 195 to C 6.
In the organization of the convention
the silver and Bryan forces were vic
torious, and every mention of Bryan's
rr<me was roundly cheered. Late in the
afternoon the convention adjourned until
"¦'¦'* p. m. QC|VfIBBH3MB*SE
At the evening session the report of the
conference committee with the Populists
was received, but no action was taken on
it. The following were elected delegates
to the National- Convention- at Kansas
City: J. H. Raley, Umatilla; .M. A. Miller,
Linn; R. M. Veatch. -LaneTN. : A.Plery,
Multnomah: John Welch." Multnomah;, J
O. Booth. Josephine ; ; Charles . Nickell,
Jackson; A. S. Bennett; Wfkseo.- ; -.-A
The delegates were instructed to xnte
for William J. Bryan for President. At
11:10. the convention adjourned until to
morrow.
m
Silver Convention a Failure.
PORTLAND, Or., April 12.— The Silver
Republicans held no convention ¦ to-day,
there being only a small number of dele
gates present.
EXCURSIONISTS
ABANDONED IN
FOREIGN TOWNS
Smallpox Broke Out on the
New England in the
Mediterranean.
Sufferers Were Left in Hospitals and
Their Friends Know Nothing
of Their Whereabouts or
Condition.
Bj>ecial Dispatch to The Call. .
BOSTON, April 12.— Advices received In
Boston to-day from Liverpool show that
the ocean liner New England, which sail
ed from here February 1 with over 500
excursionists for Oriental ports, became a
veritable pest ship on her return to the
Eastern Mediterranean. The private
party of tourists on the New England
was made up of some of the best known
and wealthiest people of the Eastern and
Middle Western States. Three passengers
have already died of smallpox, together
with a petty officer of the ship, and there
were twenty cases among the crew and
three convalescent passengers when the
ship recently arrived in Liverpool from
Naples. The known deaths so far are:
Mrs. Thompson of Friendship, Me., wife
of Captain N. Webb Thompson; Rev.
George N. Love Jr., Baptist pastor of Os
wego, N. V.. and Miss Ann Scouten of
Winona, Minn.
According to meager information by let
ters to friends in this vicinity, there are a
number of cases of passengers left In the
hospitals at Rome suffering from the
fearful disease. To-day the steamer sail
ed from Liverpool, bound here with 1100
passengers, of whom 150 are members of
the Clark tour. The remainder of the
tourists — over 300 In number— are scat
tered or stranded in Europe, and great
anxiety is felt by the friends in this vicin
ity, as no passenger list will be given out
for a week, or until the vessel gets here.
The agents here report that £1000 ster
ling was expended In Liverpool in fumi
gating and refitting the ship befora she
sailed on her present voyage, and they be
lieve the disease is stamped out. but grave
fears are entertained that the disease may
break out again with terrible conse
quences among the 1100 now on board.
No word has yet been received in re
gard to the conductor of the excursion
coming to the relief of the unfortunate
passengers who are stranded in and about
Rome, but they will be taken care of by
the United States Consul if no other help
is available. It is believed the disease
was brought on board by those who went
to Jerusalem.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
I! For Friday and Saturday y
plj you can get percale golf shirts, made of good washable material. In \A
fS\ tne latest colorings ot striped effects; pair of separate link cuffs fc'j
pa with each shirt; the shirts will fit and wear well, for their valu: |«
I'll They make good shirts to wear on an outing or a Sunday trip "si
p| across the bay ;in fact they are just what is wanted for warm j£j
HI . For Friday and Saturday only we will seJl these shirts for ~\
jjs Out-of-town orders filled it bearing postmark of Friday or Saturdo 13
4%J? FAVORITE
& FORWEABIWOrSEM.
WONG FANG ON TRIAL.
Testimony Taken in the Palo Alto
Abduction Case.
MAYFIELD. April 12.— The preliminary
examination of .Wong Fang, accused :of
abducting | a Chinese girl from the Pres
byterian mission in San ' Francisco, \ was
commenced , here to-day- before , the '¦. Jus
tice of the Peace. The defendant was rep
resented by Attorney J. N.^E. Wilson of
San Francisco and B. E. Herrington of
San Jose. The District Attorney of Santa
The full page illustration
by Methf essel which will ap-
pear in next Sunday's Call—
the great. Easter edition— is
the most beautiful and perfect
illustration ever published in
any newspaper. It I must be
seen to be appreciated.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
AFTER THE BANQUET,
Man Feels Well, but It's
Different in the Morning.
And Vet It's So Easy to Avoid th.» Dark
Brown Tast;. for Science Comes to
the Rescue. A Magic Microbe-
Kihin£ Tab'et.
Cood fellowship does It.
You eat too much and wash the good
things down with too much drink.
The good time ends in a muddled con-
dition, and tne stomach is worse muddled
>..an the head.
Think of mixing up the various lots of
food you eat at a dinner, from soup to
nuts, in one receptacle, and adding half a
dozen different kinds of drinks, alcoholic
and otherwise. Stir the mixture up well
and Imagine what a sickening' mess it
would make.
Yet that Is what you do In your stom-
ach, and your digestive apparatus can't
handle lt_ So the horrible stuff takes a
night's lodging in your over-burdened In-
terior and eours there.
All this fermentation of undigested food
vrlth Us evil consequences can be easily
avoided. All that is necessary Is to take
a tablet of Cascarets Candy Cathartic be-
fore rolng to bed, and you'll feel all right
In the morning.
You don't need to forego the pleasures
of Jolly companionship if you will take
this advice.
It* what Cascarets do, not what we say
they'll do, that prove? their merit. All
druggists. 10c, 25e or 50c. or mailed for
price. Send for booklet and free sample.
Address. Sterling Remedy Co.. Chicago;
Montreal. Can. : or New York.
n This is the CASCARET tab-
r«k «» a l let - Evei T tablet of the only
I It 111 1 IT I genuine Cascarets bears the
I to l!s U» J magic letters "C C C." lx>ok
tv A at the tablet before you buy,
Sj tr and beware of frauds. Imita-
tions and substitutes.
I do not believe there
la a case of dyspep-
sia, indigestion or
enr stomach trouble
that cannot be re-
lieved at once end
permanently cured
by my DYSPEPSIA
CURE.
MUNYON.
At all drotcists,
25c a viaL Guide
to Health and medi-
cal advice free. 1505
Arch «treet, Phila.
of Helpmaaker. A portion of General
Buller's army has been detached to swell
the forces of the commander-in-chief. A
knowledge of this may have helped to in
cr"ease the activity of General Botha.
Roberts' Assurances.
In a roundabout way London hears that
Lord Roberts, when wiring to the Prince
of Wales at Copenhagen congratulations
upon his escape from assassination, added
two or three hopeful sentences portend
ing an early advance with wide reaching
combinations. Quiet assurances are pass
ed around among military men that Lord
Koberts is employing his great army ef
fectively ana that the adventurous Boer
Commandos are likely to be enmeshed.
Scraps of news — a detail here and another
there — have reached England to-night over
comparatively idle cables, but they do not
lnuminate the situation.
The Boer note to Portugal regarding the
use by the British of the Beira route for
me transportation of troops to Rhodesia
may, if the Boers act against Portugal,
lead Great Britain to land troops at Lour-
I enzo Marques. This possibility has been
seriously discussed and is referred to at
length in -the morning papers to-day.
The work of the Boer Peace Commis
sioners has begun. Mr. Fischer has asked
Italy to intervene and the Italian Minister
of Foreign Affairs, the Marquis di Vls
conti-Venosta, has replied that while he
would receive the envoys, the best he
could do would be to transmit their pro
posals to London, thus following the
course of the United States.
"Never Again," the Motto.
Sir Alfred Milner. when replying to a
deputation of clergymen in Cape Town ,
yesterday (Thursday), said: " 'Never
again' must be the motto of all thinking
and humane men. but not from lust of
conquest or a desire to trample on the
gallant if misguided. There must be no
compromise or patchwork in the settle
ment and no opportunity for misunder
standing, intrigue, the revival of impos
sible ambitions or the accumulation of
enormous armaments. The British will no
longer tolerate dissimilar and antagonis
tic political systems In a country which
nature and history have declared to be
one."
In these absolute utterances of Sir Al
fred Milner he speaks for the imperial
Government.
It is calculated that Lord Roberts now
has 214,000 effective troops, with 12,000 more
afloat or under orders. The War Office
has instructed officers not to take any
more expanding bullets to Africa for re
volvers. :r: r _*-'
Hilyard Steyn, brother of President
Steyn, in the course of an interview at
Bleomfonteln. said: "The original war
plan of the Boers was to overrun all Cape
•Colony, but. on becoming involved In the
sieges of Kimberley and Ladysmith, the
burghers found the design despoiled. To
this I attribute the Boer failure to con
quer the British. I expect the war to last
until Christmas." v '?.' V
The seventh month of the war is be
ginning with Eastertide and the morning
paper editorials expatiate upon the need
of soberness.
LEAVES FOR BURGHERS.
PRETORIA, April IL— The Free State
Gazette publishes orders to the effect that
no person commandeered for active ser
vice has the right to send a substitute
without the consent of the Landdrost. In
reference to leaves of absence the Gazette
says that 10 per cent of each command
will be relieved by ballot for periods of
twelve days. This is intended to meet the
wishes of the burghers desiring to plant
their crops. ....
CONGRATULATED BY QUEEN.
LONDON, April 12.— The Queen has tele
graphed to Captain Lambton of the Brit
ish first-class cruiser Powerful, which ar
rived at Portsmouth yesterday afternoon,
as follows:
"I sincerely congratulate you all on your
return home, and also for the gallant and
valuable services you have rendered in
South Africa. I hope to see you all short
ly after my return to England."
ORDER IN ONE DISTRICT.
BRITSTOWN, Cape Colony, April 12.— A
column of troops, commanded by Colonel
Drury of the Royal Canadian Artillery
and consisting of Canadian artillery and
mounted Infantry, yeomanry and Austra
lians, arrived here this morning. ' They
found the district traversed orderly and
well disposed.
COLONIALS HOLD THEIR OWN.
ALIWAL NORTH, April 12.— The Colo
nial troops are still holding their own
splendidly at Wepener. Cannonading re
commenced this morning. The Boer at
tack yesterday was not very serious. The
British are carefully husbanding their
ammunition and their guns are making
excellent practice. The Boers are short of
ammunition.
A patrol returning from Smithfield re
ports that small groups of Boers are vis
ible.
CANADIAN TROOPS ARRIVE.
CAPE TOWN, April 12.— The. British
steamer Monterey, Captain Padry, which
sailed from Halifax March 15 with Lord
Strathcona and Mount Royal's contin
gent of Canadian troops on board, has ar
rived here.
MOVING TOWARD SOUTHFIELD.
CAPE TOWN. April 12.— The Bloemfon
tein correspondent of the Cape Ar
gus says: Olivier's commando is moving
In the direction. of Smithfield. Five dfffer
ent laagers are located between Bethany
and the Kaffir River, lying parallel to the
railway,' twelve miles eastward.
FAVORABLE TO THE FEDERALS.
PRETORIA. April 11.— Advices from
Wepener. where a British force is sur
rounded, say the battle continues favor
able to -the Federals." About 1500 British
troops are said to be there, A heavy can-
nonade was heard this morning In the di
rection of Bultfonteln, situated midway
between Windburg and Boshof. in the
Orange Free State and north of Brand
fort. Advices from the Boer headquarters
in TCatal say that after a heavy bombard
ment the British are retiring in the direc
tion of Ladysmith and t.he Federals are
going to their old position.
THROUGH BASUTOLAND.
LONDON. April 13.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Lourenzo Marques, dated
Thursday, says: It is reported from Pre
toria, that a Boer commando Is moving
through Basutoland. This is said to be a
clever ruse to draw the British away from
Wepener.
About 20-30 foreigners constitute the new
foreign legion in Pretoria, including some
Cossacks in uniform. Several fresh re
cruits left here for Pretoria to-day, in
cluding a French captain, brother of the
late General de Villebois Mareuil.
PRESSURE AT WEPENER.
LONDON, April 13.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Times, telegraphing
Thursday, says: "The latest news is that
Colonel Dalgety's force occupies a posi
tion outside Wepener while the Rouxyille
commando occupies the town itself. The
pressure there should be partially relieved
within the next twenty-four hours. Lieu
tenant Nix, the Dutch military attache
who was wounded at Koorn Spruit, died
to-day under an operation."
BOERS STEADILY ADVANCED.
LONDON, April 12.— A dispatch from
Elands Laagte, dated yesterday, says:
Fighting was renewed beyond Elands
Laagte this afternon. The Boers steadily
advanced upon, the British positions.
There was a continuous rifle fire and the
Boer big guns were In action. The British
replied effectively, and after two hours'
fighting the Boers were checked.
?
ROBERTS NOT READY TO MOVE
LONDON, April 13.— The Bloemfonteln
correspondent of the I Dally Mall, tele
graphing. Wednesday, says: "Lord Rob
erts wisely declines to exhaust his men
and horses in hunting the elusive Boers
until his preparations are complete. He
will leave to the enemy the barren com
fort of the occupation of a few farms for
a short time."
BOER GUNS DISABLED.
ALIWAL NORTH. April 12.— News from
a Boer source at Wepener, officially com
municated, says four Boer guns have been
disabled and four commandants killed or
wounded. On Tuesday night the British
made a sortie, capturing a Boer gun and
taking some prisoners.
Men's $3 calf shoes for $2 a pair at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market, near 3d.*
SYLVA'S POWER IN
SAUSALITO INCREASED
Made Chairman of the Board of Trus
tees and May Bun Things to
Suit Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, April 12.— Sausalito will
from now on be more under the control
of Boss Adolph Sylva than ever before In
her history. The journeyman politician
boasts he has a cinch on the town, and
as he will be chairman of the new Board
of Town Trustees it looks as though he
gauged his power pretty accurately.
It was decided at a special meeting of
the new board that Sylva occupy that
position, and no doubt exists In the re
form minds that the adept manipulator
will use the power the omce confers on
him to the utmost in furthering his ne
farious schemes.
According to present plans the pool
rooms will open May 6, and Sylva's friend
Joe Harvey will undoubtedly hold the po
sition of first favorite in regard to choice
of location, or any other favor the chair
man of the new board has it in his power
to confer. : ¦ , v>
May Build Car Shops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 12.— H. S. Man
ning, right of way /igent of the Southern
Pacific Company, was in town last Thurs
day and authorized George W. Lovle to
contract for the purchase of all land west
of the railroad from Eighth street in front
of the Catholic church south, including
what is known as the Richards field. The
entire tract covers twenty-two acres. Mr.
Lovie has succeeded in making satisfac
tory terms with all interested property
owners except one. The railroad's ac
tion has given rise to the rumor that the
carshops will be moved to this city.
Debating Contest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 12.—
Arrangements have been completed to
have the final contest for the champion
ship of the Debating League of Northern
California held at Sanford University in
May. The league is purely academic in
character, being composed of nine socle
ties, representing the following .; high
schools: Lowell. Humboldt and Poly
technic of San Francisco; San Rafael,
Stockton, Eureka. Berkeley and two so
cieties from the Oakland High School.
PLAGUE RIOTS BREAK
OUT AT CAWNPORE
Segregation Camp Destroyed, Tea
Persons Killed as Well as
Five Constables.
BOMBAY, April 12.— Plague riots have
taken place at Cawnpore. where the seg
regation camp has been destroyed and
ten persons have been killed.
The rioters Killed five constables and
threw their bodies into the burning camp.
Order is now restored, but all business is
suspended and the populace are sullen.
Troops and volunteers are Datrolling th«
city guarding the mills and factories.
MAJOR BURKE DEAD.
Begular" Army Officsr Who Was
Superintendent of National
Csxneteries.
QUINCY. 111.. April 12.— Major Martin
M. Burke of the regular army died at St.
Mary's Hospital to-day of pneumonia. Ha
was superintendent of national cemeteries
and came here several weeks ago to su
perintend the transfer of the bodies of 400
soldiers from Woodland to the new Na
tional Cemetery in Graceland.
Major Burke was born In Ireland sixty
five years ago and came to this country
when a boy. He enlisted from Texas and
served through the war. He lost his left
arm and was many times wounded. After
the war he retained his position In the
regular army and rose to tha rank of
major.
Miss Bocksfeller Engaged.
NEW YORK. April 12.— Mr. and Mrs.
John D. Rockefeller to-night announced
the engagement of their daughter Alt*
to E. Parmalee Prentice of Chicago.
FECKERS FIGHT
FOB POSSESSION
OF THEIR BOY
Almost Start a Riot in the
Streets of New York
Little Conrad, Cause of the Trouble,
Placed in the Hands of Society
for Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Little Conrad
Fecker. 5 years old. arrived to-day from
Bremen, his cheek 3 ruddy with the glow
of health. Five minutes after the steam
ship touched the pier the boy was the
center of a pushing, shouting, screaming
mob of 500 persons. In the center of the
throng hysterical Mrs. Fecker, backed by
her lawyer and a group of friends, vainly
tried to take the child from the arms of
his stalwart foster-father. '
Fecker breasted through the throng de
fiantly, pushed forward, brushing his as
sailants aside with one strong arm. while
on the other he held aloft the boy, who
clung about his neck and stared around
him in childish wonder.
"You shall take him from me only over
my dead body," said Fecker. The angry
wife and the determined man faced each
other. Threats, vituperation, recrimina
tion were bandied between them. Once,
when George Robinson, Mrs. Fecker's
counsel, advanced to take the lad from
the foster-father's arms, Fecker merely
raised his big, muscular knee and the
LOVE LAUGHS
AT PARENT'S
STERN DECREE
Well-Known Young People
of Santa Rosa
. Elope.
A Young Lochinvar Who Was Ob
> jected To by His Sweetheart's
'Father Finally Wins
His Bride.
SANTA ROSA. April 12.— Miss Minnie
Ducker, the 18-year-old. daughter of An
drew Ducker, a well-known and wealthy
farmer of Vallejo Township, eloped from
her home last night in company with John
R. Lopus. Lopus, who is a highly re
spected young rancher, had been secretly
courting Miss Ducker for several months,
but when the young lady's father became
a-ware of the fact he manifested great
anger. On account of religious differences
Mr.' Ducker refused to consent to the mar
riage of his daughter to Lopus and de
clared that should they wed he would kill
them both.
Some time last evening Miss Ducker left
her home and met Lopus on the road near
the house. The young man took the girl
to the residence of his mother at Perms
Grove and this morning they boarded an
early train for San Rafael. Mrs. Lopus,
to whom the young, people confided their
plans stated that her son and Miss Duck
er would be married to-day at San Rafael,
afterward going to Los Angeles/ The
young woman's father is furious and Is
making dire threats. .
John R. Lopus Is well known here, where
Miss Ducker also has many friends.
CEREMONY PERFORMED BY
SAN RAFAEL'S JUSTICE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL; April 12.— John Lopus
and Miss Minnie Ducker, who eloped from
Santa Rosa, gave their address on a mar
riage license secured here as Petaluma
and requested that the paper which made
them husband and wife be forwarded to
Perms Grove. The young people were de
clared by Justice of the Peace Rodden to
night'to be the most remarkable couple
he had ever met. In reply to all questions
from the Justice they maintained silence,
both refusing to tell where they came
from or where they were going. They,
drifted out of town in the same mysteri
ous manner on the 3:40 p. m. train to the
city over the California Northwestern
Company's road.
Fred Forse, station agent for the com
pany at this point, states that the twain
arrived on the 7:35 a. m. train and at
tracted his attention by their amorous be
havior. As Boon as "Cupid Graham's"
office was open for business this morning
the license was procured and Lopus and
his blushing bride-elect, who gave their
ages respectively at 23 and 20. were pilot
ed to Justice Rodden'a office by Constable
William Treanor, who was the sole wit
ness to the ceremony. It was quite evi
dent that the pair left their homes in a
hurry, as their sole baggage was a clum
sy bundle carried by Lopus. Both
peared much perturbed and shunned the
main streets, taking a roundabout route
to the train. _^
Clara County appeared for the prosecu
tion. The superintendent of the mission
was the first witness and she told In a
graphic manner the story of the breaking
Into the Jail at Palo Alto and the taktng
away of the girl. Many people of Palo
Alto and Stanford University were in at
tendance at the trial and much feeling
against the defendant and his supporters
was manifested. The case will probably
go on to-morrow.
CONDUCTED A LOTTERY
ON A UNIQUE SYSTEM
Chicago Detectives Raid the Office of
a Mining Loan and Invest
ment Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 12.— Central Station de
tectives raided the offices of the Montana
Mining, Loan and Investment , Company,
on the second floor of the Temple Court
building, 225 Dearborn street, this after
noon and arrested J. J. Jacobs, the man
ager, and William Grosclaus, a clerk, on
a charge of operating a lottery. The po
lice opened the safe and found several
hundred lottery tickets of 25, 50 and 73
cents and $1 denominations.
The concern, according to Jacobs, has
been doing business in Chicago since 1592.
and during a large part of that time haa
been using the United States mails. Let
ters found in the room showed that on
numerous occasions the Postmaster Gen
eral had stopped their mail.
The concern operates under a clever
plan with a view of evading the lottery
laws. The tickets are numbered and are
described as shares of mining stock. At
stated periods the company designates
certain numbers as lucky and the holders
of tickets bearing the numbers are en
titled to "loans," which, it is explained,
they are noi required to pay back.
The company Is chartered under the
laws of Montana and the capital stock it
$12,000,000, fully paid up.
Killed in a Railway Accident.
BELLEFONTE, Pa,, April 12.— Three
men were killed to-day on the Bellefonte
and Snowshoe Railroad, three miles east
of Snowshoe. The rails spread under a
mountain switching engine. The engine
and a dozen cars were thrown over the
embankment. The dead are: Harry Tem
ple, fireman: Calvin Temple, brakeman;
Al Beamer, hostler.
lawyer reeled back into the crowd. When
a riot appeared imminent Captain Hayes
and Detective? Wetnthal, Quinn and Fal
lon of the Hoboken police force took th»
whole family party to Hoboken City Hall
Police Station.
Judge Fitzgerald of the Supreme Court,
later in the afternoon, placed the child in
the custody of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, where he will
remain until Monday, when the court will
decide whlcn. If either, of the Fecker3
shall be intrusted with his care.
Jill Sheet
[Music
at Half
1 i H-O .
™ Oolden ffcule Bazaar. **
CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST--A.MERICAS GRANDEST STORE.
Cape Nome
Supplies at
Lcwest
Prices.
Beautiful Easter
3 Cigars 25c.
El Beimonte, Principe de Gales,
Humboidts, La Rosa Castellane,
General Arthur.
at new
cigar-stand in rotunda, any of
these favorite brands of "bit"
cigars—
Three for 23 cents.
Gaiaieas~t9c.
The real imported English Gaiateas, the
popular well-wearing fabrics for boys'
bloufea, skirts, outing and camping
suits, etc , a full assortment of new pat-
terns, our regular 25c per yard qu» i y
— on special sale Friday only IQo
Shirts 57c.
Je~iTj^K§jte&v Shirts— -a satn-
M^S^^^ oneof the lead -
/millm uWPJWp™ % raanufactur-
Jffl/fflfif^MbwW/\ ers "Presented
shirts
' H//llmf'l\^ml '' wl ma ° c °f niadra3,
ll 'lllip '¦ N?\ I* ' ' r c^ ey ' ot aQ d per-
Hwiliiinil'l Pi-Mi Ca ' e> in the new *
\llfirrilh m^li; 'liilli'T e3^ P^erns for
! H-?°llirffti s P r * n 8; the
' 'i'lil I cheapest one in
¦ X 1;' j|jl the lot worth
I %MMm Sl-PO; ™ny of
roi!liliiS. them tfl e 5150
grades — on spe-
cial sale Friday and Saturday, _ —
each O 7C7 C
Yokings and
Drapery Nets
One-Th trd Off.
Here's an Easter offering that fine dress-
ers will appreciate — odd lots of beau-
tiful Yoking^, ¦ together with a line of
the finest Drapery Nats in black, whit*
and colors, short lengths only, and color
assortments not complete, regular
I rices 75c to $7.50 yard — on special
sale Friday only
One-third off marked
prices. '.
Egg Dyes 3c*
During the entire week the bi? store will
sell Paas' Non-poisonous
Egg O^os at 3c pen pack-
ago* With these dyes eggs cm be
dyed in solid colors, calico designs, va-
riegated co'or3, and the heads of fa-
mous men reproduced. Full directions
with each packaga.
T>rug Dtp' t— Rotunda.
Groceries.
These prices until Saturday night:
Yclocros Gbffeo— Until closing
time Saturday night — The celebrated
Yelocros Mocha ani Java Coffee, whole
or ground, put up in 1-lb packages and
sold regularly at 35c a lb, at the ex-
traordinary special price 200
Choice Fruits— While supply lasts.
4SO tins choice Table Fruita. pears and
a few apricots, put up in good heavy
syrup — 2 tins for 250
Marniaixdo- 1-lb tins of Bishop's
Orang3 Marmalade, made in Los An-
ge'es from best oranges — Friday and
Saturday, at the exceeding y low price,
3 tins for 250
Cm & 15 m Lucca Oil— Until closing
time Saturday night, quart bottles of
Cros3e & B.ackweh's Luc;a Oil (the
bestmidei, at the very special price.
per bottle 60c
F y Paper — "Sure Catch," better
thin '"Tanglefoot," large double sheets,
25 of them in a box — special this week,
per box 3Oc
With General Buller— The Famous Chestnut Battery, R. H.A., Going
An original Sketch by F. A. Stewart, special artist of the Sphere
Extra Special Sale
Clothing and Furnishings.
i**\ ?^F?C*2n Many splendid bargains remain of the short
jS/fli*ii3?r\ //*7*°* s^ oc^ s of Men's Clothing and Furnishings
'bought from prominent manufacturers. These
jM(/JM%^r*>/l X? }' are a! * new Spring Goods, in every way desir-
MwMlmwuaLllr able - an<r we can save you from S3
imWWvWgmh, to w on a suit of clothes, $2 on
liPiis'} • a natf and aim ° st baif ° n Furnishin s G °° ds -
m! mlEfir^ ' '' J Men ' s 20 - 00 ' $ 15 -? 0 and $ 12 - 50 Suit 3« more than Bixt y
Hit \ \ *$> ! I vA styles from which to make selections, 4*4 «•» Li-
» IvPl this week HfiUm/iJ
!;|l\|;| Men's $4.00 and $5.00 Fancy Silk Vest?, new spring patterns, wilh or
Mil V'fj without collars, d ,üble breasted, light or dark colors, £»o /7EZ
tjljjj km this week.. .' &&anrO
Ml hr Children's $3.9> Blou3e Suita for $2.05
''«/ ~W Children's §2.95 Vestee Suits for $1 95
[jl ijV Boys' $3.93 Vestee Suit?, in blue cheviots, handsomely trimmed, for aces
'1 •/ \^l O o*** a *« •••••*••• -••*•••-» ¦••••••¦••>¦¦¦¦•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• n Jy ttm m C9 *3^
iM "«. Men's Unlaundered Shirts. 14. 14J and 16J only 3'*n
G* Men's Laundered Shirts, 14, 14 J and 16J only '. 43c
Silk String Ties, good quality, pretty patterns 6c
Siik Four-in-Hands, tin SOc quality, spring styles 2Sc
M?n's Working Gloves 25c Men's Sweaters SIC
Cellars 19c.
2? »v 600 of this eea-
%*****' O^>\ 80a ' 3 newest
'¦jp^*\ -% ', style Satia Stock
JHfog f§t. \U Collars, made in
gs^ J /> satia fold 3 with
<SfcT. S^j' high points, all
" : " **"" colors — on sue-
cial sale Friday only 190
only 24C
Easier Hat
Special $9.50
For an Ea3tar special #*A"!!j
we have copied a
number of beautiful •sJ^/t&JMn
French Mode' Hats, W&S-i*^'
u»in£ tc-t of mite- JR^^iprS^^L
ria!.«; styles and co'-
orifi£< "the leading Ki^Yrt*V'i<3
spring finci??. TV \f%' )^£^'f*B
work ad good a3 we jqS^ <v k%j?
can possibly do. j^ 4r
These hats have all \!L«^%
the qualit.es of those £r V^» Vn\
that sell regularly <s£^^^
for 112.5C — on sale Friday 0n1y.........
59.50
Second Floor— Front.
Country Around Bloemfontein Swarms "With
British Tents, While Boers Get Ready
for Attack.
8 Cigars 25c.
Grand Republic, Nathan Hale, Sandow.
Lillian Russe'l, Renown, King V-
On Friday and /\
Saturday only, -^J^Z^
at rew cigar-
stand in rotun- <rf?j£jfe<^/^
da, we will sell |^V^ r \ \?^C.
any of the
above favorite
brand 3 of 5c Cigars —
Eight for 25 cents*
Decorations of Palms and . Lilies. Grand Concert at 7:30 p. m. Saturday.
Friday Sales.
Za Za Belts
To-Day 77c.
Just 150 in this lot of the latest and best
style in Ladies' Pulley Belts, made of col-
ored double-faced satin ribbon and fully
boned, colors, cream, cardinal, new blue,
corn, pink, cerise, white, tight blue, brown,
turquoise, navy and red, assorted sizes,
regularly $1.25, on special ea!e Friday
only, each .77c
Oxfords $1.26.
y* Ladies' $2 Don?ola Lace
y^fy. Oxfords, new mannish
/^^'^ lastt opera toes with
Sgp?-^ .41 straight kid tip', sewed
FBFS&J& soles, a reliable shoe
Jjfc^f*^ fo f every - day wear,
y^ / sizes 3i to 7in C and
y^t\^y D widths, on special
/"^^^ sale Friday only, pair
$1.26
SOc Frames
240.
Nicely Bound Cabinet Siza (6JxBJ inches)
Frames, with 1J inch mats to match, gilt
corners, easel bick, can be hung or stood
up, regularly 60c each, special Friday
only 24c
Undermuslin
Specials.
Fine Skirts—
S^% Two styles that sell
} regularly at $5.5 '
j^ST C each, made in best
/ possible manner,
/ A,^6'j trimmed with a
( r\^Jr\\; wpalth of lace.double
/^|vV\A >\ ruffle of lace and in-
f' jj \__^l\ sertions. finely fin-
/Ii ¦ J^\ i3hed, on special
/ J h^^SX^K 'ale Friiav on'v
r-SJ^JjySS&y $3.50
&liM%fis-&3ffir Nainsook, collard and
LxzffifTxL'^X^ embroidery, Friday
r - — \Q only OUO
Second Floor— Front.
SOc Hose 25c.
Ladies' Imported Silk Finished Lisle Thread
Hose, assorted shades of tan and russet,
plain, Richelieu, Rembrandt or cluster
ribbed, high spliced heel and double sole,
no better 50c hose in the market, on
special sa'e Friday only, pair 25c
ROBERTS' PREPARATIONS
FOR ADVANCE PROGRESS
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
nw*j7
>e«e9WGVocooooo«eeQ9ooeo9OQOOOGQGOO9CQe9eaedeede9oeoGO9O39**&9O*eo«
| FREE BOOK FOR MEN!!
! It Tells You flow to Be Strong in the Joyous Vigor of Youth, i
» c strong again! To feel the vim, the am- J
} ; / r^b C^^. bition and undaunted courage of youthful days! ]
t > / ifi^i§llfii^ Nfe^S^ How men wish for it! To awake in the morning <
1 /<^^ relliillii 5s H«O^X without that dull, stupid feeling; to be energetic; !
! /s^f fir^^lii \^^\ tO liave b"£ nt * sparkling eyes, quick brain, and, \
> S^* * mmmm *^\r***^3/* o *~ i^'-'* -y That is to be happy, and you can. The book <
» ¦' - .^.^ %* s* J^^^ °* *^ c £ ets ts ie f rom electricity; nerve life is \
\ j .".-..• -^/^^ . electricity. Fill your body, especially all weak j
i ¦'""^""^ • i^* ! ==" - d parts, with electricity every night as you sleep, '
> s^e&Mbl''^'^ "* ' '~ Jrfi* an< * ie v^ or °* y° utn will come back. <
I DR - MCLAUGHLIN'S ELEGTRIG BELT )
I j jffiaM^^ "~T * Mv*!s?l^7* .£j£^EHß§Sep©%§BgE * s pvote<^ to this purpose. Its power goes into the body in a <
I • yffiroKffififfißy^^A \TTP^Ti r t^^'^P^wWiOTflturaSF ' gentle stream, saturating every nerve am! organ with the fire (
I - TSt^K^^Bt^^-^^^lZfi^S^li^^JStS^^^ ot youth. Its touch la macnetism. It causes the blord to
I 0SBBK&B&ESB&" ' -'¦» -^ ' ' ' bound in the veins and charges the nerves with its vital ele- '
' ffljMffffi|Tj|l*jr''^w ¦ .1. r ¦j*^Kkffi's»asa£: ffiSfr- ment until they are as strong as steel. It renews strength. <
| «¦¦¦ r^^^JtT>^»J.\\!^'-^^^ im »t n it is warranted not to burn or blister <
} . nSVfif liOrnS. the skin, as other electric belts do. The <
> • nviv* vuiuj> a p ec j a i cus hion electrodes prevent that. <
k"A JC \J ' LJ /""^ VJ* Devoted to the development of perfect manly vigor. 80 pages, beautifully lllus- \
t JLvd X XJV_> / \^'Xx.) trated. will -be sent, closely sealed, free to any man who wishes to recover the }
' vigor that he has lost, and any man will enjoy reading It. Write for it. If possible call and test my Belt free, and let ma '
'stell you what it will do for you. i
j T\"D IUT A TW^T A TT.PUT TIVT 7t 1 2 Market Street, Corner Kearny. J
I llr\ 111 A Iff! PI,IXI I IT H IM San Francisco, and Cor. Sprinsr
J UJLXm 1?X« JHL« ±IJL\jLj±\U \A±ljLjLJl\ 9 and Second Streets, Los Angeles. <
l\ , NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. <
LONDON". April 12.— Lord Roberts'
preparations for the advance are
apparently proceeding apace. The
country around Bloemfonteln is
fairly white with British tents, and
the enormous force under his com
mand Is growing in strength and receiv
ing a much-needed supply of horses and
mules.
On their fide, and apparently in expec
tation of an attack, the R&ers at Brand
fort are intrenching themselves parallel
to and east of the railway. They still
hold the Bloemfontein waterworks in
great force and are also strong at Water
val Drift, doubtless with the object of
keeping up communications with General
Olivier's commandos to the south.
The colonial force which is beset by the
Boers at Wepener is still holding out well.
They are carefully husbanding their am
munition, according to one story, while
the Boers are said to be short. The arri
val of Lord Kitchener at Aliwal North
may foreshadow a swift rush by the bulk
of General Brabant's division to the res
cue of their comrades, in co-operation
with the flying column sent from Bloem
fonteln to take the Eoer besiegers in the
rear.
Much admiration is expressed here at
the recent daring operations of the Boers.
In Natal the burghers, apparently flred
with the desire emulate the successes
gained by thtir brethren in the Free
State, have attempted to cut off Sundays
River camp from Ladysmith and to press
forward toward Dewdorp from Van Ree
nans Pass and toward the south by way
vise OR- JORDAN'S oreatJ
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
Ch :: n iftTTt; a. wl. t-itrx crca i
fjf The Lar^ctt Anatomical Museum In the \
«-j<*;,- World U ea^neries at »njr contracted Q
fr£ CW a;wi~- p^»lil«.-l, «-»r»«lr T theoldeJX T
>ECI ipC'Ji:urattkC>4U. E&LJbyaut 9
Q^&l CR. JORDI.H-PRIVATE DISEASES *
IR*JFSb CoiKolranon ftrr; and itrirtly private \-
1 WB Tr«irnwm prrtonally or by letter. A 4
I W 'jl W *—-tm* Curt ib e*erycat« undertaken. W
r,7 lfl> u ""< * R«k rnii.bhurßVti £
H I H/IMBMCK. MAILED FKEB. (AT
J H valuable book tor niro) \
DR. JUBDAKACO.. 101> ilarlr.pt St-.8. F. f
5is thin blood. It causes pale
faces, white lips, weak nerves
and lack of vitality. A blood-
enriching, fat producing
food-medicine is needed. .
goes to the root of the
trouble, strengthens and en-
riches the blood, and builds
up the entire system;
For Anemic girls, thin
boys, and enfeebled mothers,
it is the Standard remedy.
«^^©saa&^
ADVEETISEMENTS.
It is gratifying to learn that the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has, undertaken to
stop the shooting of seagulls along our coasts, for
with the present demand for guil feathers to be used
in decorating the hats of the girls it is likely there
would be an extensive slaughter of those useful birds
nnltrs a vigorous opposition were made to it.
The recent frost? have .thinned the apricot, peach
and s^ape crops, but unfortunately the .thinning was
not <!one with a proper discrimination, and conse
quently some growers will have no crops, while
ethers will have so much fruit they will have to go
to the expense of thinning bySiand.
The report that Gatacre has been ordered home be
cause of :r.ilitary blunders is evidently unreliable, for
v ihr.t were the cause he would be accompanied in the
back trip by nearly all the generals in the British
Although the Paris Exposition is far from, being
complete it will be opened on the date fixed, for
whiic the exhibitors are not ready for .visitors the
hotels arc, and that is enough for Paris.
Trod on His Sore Toe.
W. R. McFarland, 127 Hyde street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for .the arrest of "John
Doe" Bosco, 'the snake charmer, on a
charge of battery. McFarland was stand
ing in front of Bosco's show on Market
street, near Third, yesterday morning and
pushed forward to see what was going
on. He stepped on Bosco's sore toe and
Bosco struck him a violent blow In the
face, blackening his right eye. %
A NEW CENSUS SCHEME.
BECAUSE it has been decided that the count of
the population of the United States by the cen
sus officials shall be-made this year during the
first two weeks of June a good deal of dissatisfaction
has been expressed in New York and in some other
large Eastern cities. The claim is made that a con
siderable percentage of the- residents of large cities
leave at that season of the year for the country or for
Europe, and that the percentage will be larger than
usual this year by reason of the Paris Exposition. It
is, argued that because of the departure of these peo
ple a census taken in June will not be a correct pre
sentation of the normal population of the larger
cities. .
The argument has considerable validity, though
the number of persons, who leave our cities for the
holidays is much overrated. The average American
has not yet learned to take a vacation, and even
those who delight in summer recreations content
themselves with excursions and picnics to resorts in
the vicinity of their homes. Still fhere is such an am
bition to make a showing of a large population that
the census officers have. devised a scheme for getting
ahead of the rush.
It is said Director Merriam arranged in New York
tc have sent by the supervisor for the district to-the
owners or occupants of all houses in the residence
part of the citj'— that is to say, above Fourteenth
street— before April I"a postal card, upon the. back
of which is printed a blank form to be filled ou{.
Among the questions to be answered arc these:
Chocolate cream Easter eggs. Town-
send's. •
Special Information supplied d&Hr to
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 6« Mom.
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. * ,
THE ARMY TRANSPORT SERVICE.
SINCE some of the more reckless opponents of
¦ the administration have endeavored, to fix upon
the : Secretary of War a suspicion of jobbery
or at least of wastefulness in the expenditures re
quired to provide transports for the army, it is worth
while to direct attention to the fact that the recent
statement of the Secretary showing the cost of pur
chase and equipment of the transports has completely
refuted all such charges as were made or, insinuated
against him.
The New York Marine Journal, which is one of
the best authorities in the country on matters of this
kind, warmly commends the work of the>\Var. De
partment in providing the transport service, and says:
"Those who have inspected the ships of this fleet and
know how excellently they have been adapted in every
respect for their purposes, have invariably formed a
very high opinion of them, In fact, it is very*doubt
ful whether any other nation could get together as
fine a permanent fleet of transports at as* reasonable
a cost when the nature of the work done is. con
sidered, and it is certain that no ships are better
officered or their service more admirably conducted
in all respects." .
The success achieved in providing and equipping
the transport fleet is the more pleasing to American
patriotism because it was new work for our War De
partment, and was made imperative by a sudden
emergency for which no previous preparation had
been made. 'ln no particular was there any excessive
amount paid either for. ship's or for repairs, and the
officers who had charge of the work may justly be
proud of the success attained. .
Solid cream Easter Townsend's. ?
Little Japs in Jinko Easter novelties, 6c.
Townsend's, 629 Market st.. Palace Hotel.*
You will find pages worth
framing in the Easter edition
of The Call which appears next
Sunday. For excellence in ar
tistic work and perfect repro
duction this number excels
all other Easter editions ever
published. '
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TAHITI— Sub., City. Tahiti, the chief
of the Society ' Islands, being a French
colony, floats the French flag.
DIMES. OF 1894— P. 8.. Oakland, Cal. It
Is for any of the tv.enty-four dimes Issued
from the San Francisco Mint in 1594 that a
premium is offered^
TAX DEED-S. J. A., City. There is no
law in California that allows a person to
redeem property eight years after it has
been sold for taxes and tax deed given.
SKILLED LABOR — Inquirer, Vallejo,
Cal. The reports received at the ofllce of
the Labor Commissioner show that gen
erally speaking skilled labor Is better paid
west of the Missouri than east of it.
YOURS;.', SINCERELY— B. 8.. White
house, Shasta County, Cal. If a person de
sires to sign a letter in Latiin with the
equivalent of "Yours sincerely " the
words "Tua sincere" should be used.
MILITARY EXECUTIONS— V. N. T.
Berkeley, Cal. There were no military ex
ecutions during the Spanish-American
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 12.— C. L. Tllden
of San Francisco Is at the Arlington.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK", April 12.— W. C. Bowring
and H. Levering of San Francisco are at
the Empire. Robert Murray of Oakland is
at the Manhattan.
A WORD OF WARNING.
SINCE there appears a disposition in some quar
ters to avoid holding primaries for the purpose
of electing delegates to conventions called to
choose representatives from Congressional districts
to the Republican National Convention, it will be well
lot all interested to take heed of the fact that, if the
primaries be not held, an opening will be made for a
successful contest on the part of an opposing dele
gation if or.c should enter the field.
The issue is not one about which there can be any
dcubt. The National Committee, in the call for a
uztiona] convention, clearly sets forth the niethol
by which delegates from Congressional districts shali
be elected. It says: '"The Congressional district
delegates thall be elected by conventions called by
tlie Congressional committee of each district in the
n:anner of nominating the candidates for Representa
tive in Congress in said district."
The meaning of that is unmistakable. Now the
State law provides the "manner of nominating can
i\ '.ates for Representative in Congress." It says:
"All delegates to conventions of political parties for
the purpose of making nominations of candidates for
public office within this State shall be elected at
ejections to be known and designated as primary
elections, and conducted at the time and place and
r.ndcr the regulations in this chapter hereinafter
specified, and not otherwise."
That conventions to nominate candidates for Con
gress are included among those governed by the law
is made cJear in the law itself by the declaration:
"Conventions to nominate candidates for Represen
tatives in Congress, members of the Board of Equali
zation, or Railroad Commissioners, or for Senators
and Assemblymen from districts including more than
one county, will be hereinafter in this chapter desig
nated as district conventions, and a primary election
to elect de]esrates to such conventions will be herein
after in this chapter designated as a district primary-."
i-rom these provisions of the law it is certain dele-,,
gates to conventions called to nominate candidates
for Congress must be chosen at primaries conducted
under the State law; and, since the call of the Na
tionr.l Committee requires district delegates to the
National Convention to be chosen by conventions
called by the Congressional committee of each dis
trict in the manner of nominating candidates for Con
grc?< in said district, there is no possible ground on
which to base opposition to primaries.
Any attempt to provide for the election of Congres
sional district delegates to the National Convention
from this Sjate by a convention whose delegates were
not chosen under the primary law and in accord with
the requirements of the law will give an opposing
cV.ofr; tion from the district a sure victory before the
National Committee on Credentials if the opposing
dcJeprtion should be elected by a convention called in
scccrknice with the Jaw. Those who have any
thought of ignoring the primary la\v should there
fore take heed of their ways. The iaw is plain, and
those who violate it will have only themselves to
Mr.n*c if they suffer the consequences.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS.
West's minstrels are having a successful
run at the Columbia. They will continue
next week. Carroll Johnson, Richard
Jose, Waterbury brothers and Tenny. the
three Lukens, the three Marvelles, John
P. Rodgers and Fred Warren are among
the principal members of the company.
Ward and Yokes in their new play, "The
Floor Walkers." follow.
The Neill company, which has made
such a favorable impression at the Cali
fornia, will continue Its' first success. "A
Bachelor's Romance," for another week.
"Quo Vadis" will enter its third week
at the Alcazar on Monday next.
After "The Bohemian Girl." which will
finish the current week at the Tlvoll, "The
Wizard of the Nile" will be presented at
that house, with the same thoroughness
that characterized the highly successful
production of "The Idol's Eye."
Preparations are complete for the first
performance of "An Arabian Girl," which
will take place at the Grand Opera-house
on Sunday night. Morosco's new extrava
ganza company is being looked forward to
with Interest.
Easter week at the Orpheum promises
much. The management has- arranged for
a part of the bill to be given by the head
liners of the famous Transatlantic Vaude
ville Company. At the head of the bill will
be Mile. Marzella. whose troupe of per
forming birds Is famous throughout the
world. The Gultanos, acrobats and pan
tomlmists. have just arrived here from
Paris. Falke and Semon are original mu
sical comedians. A. O. Duncan is a well
known ventriloquist. Bellman and Moore
are singing and dancing comedians. The
holdovers are Bobby Gaylor, Empire Com
edy Four, the De Forrests and SI Steb
"Cavallerla". and miscellaneous selec
tions are the programme at Fischer's con
cert house., '¦'
Petschnlkoff and Hambourg, the Rus
sian violinist and pianist, who have cre
ated such a sensation elsewhere, will be
heard at the California Theater on the
afternoons of Monday. April 18; Wednes
day April 18. and Friday. April 20. at 2:20
o'clock. M. Alme Lachnume wilV,asslst at
the piano In several numbers and will
conduct the orchestra, which is- to be an
important element in the concert, on
Monday afiernon. The programme is as
follows:
Overture. "Hebriden, op. 26" Mendelssohn
Orchestra.
"Concerto No. -4, In D minor, op. 70" (piano
and orchestra) Rubinstein
M. Mark Hambourg-.
"Suite," op. 4S, Peer Gynt" Grieg
Orchestra.
"Concerto. . op. 33. In D major (vioUn and
orchestra) TswhallcowsJcy
M. Alexandre Petschntkoff.
"Nocturne" ...'...... Chopin
"Two Studies" Chopin
"Rhapsodic Hontrrolse No. 2" Liszt
M. Karnbourg.
"Concerto, op ¦ 64, In E minor" (last two
movements) Mendelssohn
M. Fetschnlkoff.
Rakoczy - march ' from "Damnation of
Faust" Berlioz
Orchestra.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. T. J. Cox. of Sacramento is at the
Grand.
F. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, is at
the Palace.
WVD. Tillotson, an attorney of Redding,
is at the Grand.
Frank H. Short, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the Palace.
C. H. Morse, a prominent merchant of
Chicago, is at the Palace.
William A. Junker, manager of the Ho«
tel del Monte, is at the Palace.
J. C. W. Freshmuth, a merchant of
Philadelphia, is at the Palace.
W. D. ,Pennycock, editor of the Vallejo
Chronicle, Is at the Occidental.
George H. Savage, the Sheriff of Solano
County, Is in this city on a visit.
W. H. Cook, Auditor of Merced County,
and his daughter are at the Lick.
J. T. Herrlck, a capitalist of Spring
field, Mass., is at the Palace with his wife
and son.
Colonel John E. Agar of New York,
manager of the Macdonough estate, is at
the California.
Lieutenant Rutherford Corbin of Wash
ington, son of Adjutant General Corbin,
is at the Palace. ¦ .
J. J. Hebbron, manager of the Pacific
Improvement Company's ranches at Sa
linas', is at the Grand.
Judge Henry C. Ide of Vermont, a mem
ber of the Philippine Commission, is at
the Palace with his family. v
Prince Cupid Kalanianaole of Honolulu
and his wife left yesterday for Paso Ro
bles, where they wlli spend several weeks.
William Ferguson, president of the Har
,bor Board that made the Wellington (N.
Z.) harbor what it is to-day, Is staying at
the Occidental with his wife and son.
Miss N. M. Palmer Is a member of the
party.
' Judge S. C. Denson, Henry G. W.
Dinkelsplel and , Judge M. Cooney, trus
tees of the San Francisco State Normal
School, accompanied by President Fred
eric L. Burk, leave for San Jose this
morning to attend the joint convention of
Normal School Trustees to be held in the
latter city. It is expected that several
important questions- relative to the con
duct of the normal schools of the State
will be considered at this meeting.
THE PARIS EXPOSITION.
SO completely is the civilized world occupied
with the war in South Africa, Russian schemes
in Asia, German naval programmes, American
expansion and industrial problems in every country
that the near approach of the opening of the Uni
versal Exposition at Paris attracts but little attention.
The press is too busily engaged in publishing battle
pictures and reports from the seat of war to give
space to illustrations of the stately palaces of art and
industry that have been raised on the banks of the
Seine, and it is but rarely that even* in the weeklies
and the magazines any extended notice of the work
is given. *, •
It is unfortunate that it should be so. Each suc
ceeding exposition is better and more magnificent
than its predecessor, and reveals in a thousand ways
the advance which the world has made in the attain
ments of science and the achievements of mechanism.
There will be nothing at Paris like the great court of
honor at Chicago, but there will not be lacking points
of vantage in which the new fair will surpass the
wonderful white city. There is a sentiment arising
from the consciousness that we are at the close of a
marvelous century and the beginning of an era des
tined to be even more marvelous which has stimu
lated men to make at Paris this year greater efforts
than ever ' to show what the closing century has
achieved. The civilized world, therefore, would have
profited much if events had left the public mind free
to consider the arts of peace at this time instead of
wars and rumors of war.
After the exposition opens and the brilliant series
of festivals begin it is probable popular interest in it
will grow rapidly. The French, at any rate, will do
their uttermost to make it attractive, for they have not
only a national pride but an immense pecuniary stake
in the issue. Certainly they have been lavish and lib
eral in providing for it. In the way of. cost this ex
position far exceeds that at Chicago, although that
wa? regarded at the time as something wonderful in
expenditure. According to a recent estimate over
$200,000,000 has already been expended for the ex
position, and three-quarters of that amount has
been borne by France.
The event is the more interesting because with it
there will close something more than the century.
The whole political horizon of both hemispheres, is
marked by portents of coming change. The United
States has ceased to be an isolated nation. China has
ceased to be a closed country. Russia has made a
long stride toward a dominating position on the
Asiatic side of the Pacific Ocean, and the British em
pire is engaged in a struggle which will materially
alter its relations to the world. What effects these
changes will bring about in the commercial and in
dustrial struggles of the nations no one can foresee,
but it is certain we shall not have another universal
exposition under exactly the same conditions as pre
vail now. With this Parisian pageant we close the
old time brilliantly, and the future lies before us full
of menace as well as of promise.
Dr. Benjamin Andrews, who, after leaving Brown
University, went to New York and from there to
Chicago, has taken another westward step and goes
to Nebraska to tfe president of the university of that
State. These movements are ominous, for with but
two or three steps more the erratic and contentious
scholar may descend upon us and start a ruction here.
Whether the house or apartment is likely to be closed
during the first two weeks; in June, and where the
family or some representative of it can be reached by
mail after June 1; also, the number of persons, in
cluding servants, composing the family is to be in
dicated. It is hoped in this way that a large part of
the "tens of thousands" absent may get counted in
the census to the credit of the city.
Whether similar arrangements have been made for
other cities does not appear in the report which we
find in our Eastern exchanges. It is hardly .likely,
however, that it would be confined to New York, for
all cities should be treated alike. It might be well,
however, for our officials to inquire into the matter,
for it is quite possible the favor may be .given to
cities that ask for it and not to those ; that neglect-it.:
Our summer climate is so attractive that we do not.
lose much in the way of population during the sum-,
mer holiday season, for about as many come- to town
as leave it, but, nevertheless, it is advisable to get as
full a count as we can. ?...«...,....
The issue is of. more importance than appears on
the face of it. It is not a question merely, of making
a big showing of population. For a number of years
past one of the salient features of the development of
civilization has been the increase of urban popula
tion at the expense of the rural districts. The extent
of the shifting of the people from the country to the
towns, will be one of the most interesting facts which
the census will reveal. It is therefore in every way
desirable that a true count be made of jhe city as
well as of the rural population. The census of 1890
was defective in many ways, and it is to be hoped thi'3
one will be more accurate and give a truer*presenta
tion of the state of the country*
¦ ¦ : - ¦ ¦ • ..¦.-•¦. .¦¦¦.¦..¦¦. 4..' : , ' .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
i The report that Clark of Montana intends to • re
sign his seat in the; Seriate, is hardly correct, for he
has no such seat. All that he can do in that way is
to resign himself to the situation.
Bicycle "Cops" in the Park.
Chief Sullivan announced yesterday
that 'two of the park policemen would bo
specially detailed each Sunday in the park
to look for and arrest bicycle "scorchers "
They will be provided with bicycles by
the Park Commissioners and •frill mingla
with the throng of cyclists each Sunday
It is said to have cost the United States .something
over $iooo to pay the expenses of the official trip of
Webster Davis to the Transvaal, and as he resigned
his office as soon as he returned home, it looks as
if the Government had lost money by the speculation.
California Glace Fruits, 50c lb. : In fira
etched boxes. Townsend's, 639 Market St.*
REVENGE. I
MONTOJO (late of Spanish Philippine fle«t)-"Ha, ha, I'll be even with him now." Chicago News.
war. Several United States soldiers were
condemned to death, but in each case the
sentence was commuted to Imprisonment.
INGLESIDE TO CLIFF— E. L. H., City.
The distance from Ingleslde to the CIiXT
was given in answer to another corre
spondent In this department. Sunday.
April 8, under the head of "distances."
A STOCKHOLDER'S RIGHT— A. O. S.,
City. A stockholder In any corporation
has a right to be informed as. to the
standing or transactions cf the corpora
tion. He has the right to go to the office
during business hours and have permis
sion to examine any or all books of the
corporation. Corporations advertise meet
ings of stockholders to give them due no
tice.
A TEACHER'S DUTY— Subscriber, Cal.
If a teacher in one of the public schools
has any reason to inquire into the derelic
tion of a pupil that teacher should use
every endeavor to ascertain the facts, and
if the teacher takes the trouble to call
at the house of the parents instead of
summoning them to the school, there cer
tainly cannot be anything out of the way
in that.
TRADE DOLLAR— Subscriber. City. The
trade dollar was a silver dollar Issue by
the United States in 1573-74 for use in
China In competition with Spanish and- j
Mexican dollars. It was not intended for* '
circulation In the United States, though
It was made a legal tender to the amount
of $5 at the time of its issue. This pro
vision was repealed In IS7<5. Its actual
value was less than that of the standard
dollar.
FIFTEEN PER CENT GRADES— P. J.
A., city. This department has not the
space to give the names of all the streets
north of Market that have a grade of 15
per cent or over. If you will exaYnlne the
municipal reports of 1893-94 you will find
a list of established grades, and all streets
running north and south having a rise of
42 feet or more above base line and those
running east and west that have a rise
of 62 feet or more are streets that have 13
per cent grades or more.
PEP.PETUAL MOTION'— P. M., Angela
Camp. Cal. It has long 1 since been con
ceded that there cannot be perpetual mo
tion. That means everlasting motion, and
as whatever might be devised would In
time wear out there must be a stop for*
repairs and an end to "perpetual" motion.
There is no Government reward for per
petual motion, but any one who can dis
cover a practical self-acting motor that
will run for a long time will find any
number of people who will give him suffi
cient t<J pay for his Ingenuity.
"INLAYING LIKE THE WATSONS"—
N. Z., City. A friend of this department
furnishes the followins «« the origin of
the phrase used by card players, "Playing
like the Watsons": Many years ago there
lived In Solano County,- California, three
brothers named Watson who were
"plungers" as card players. Their au
dacity In playing poker excited the won
der of every one who ever saw them play,
and when any one else played on the same
lines that they did it would causa some
one to exclaim, "Playing like the Wat
sons." ¦, .i\...
THE HALF-FARE ORDINANCE.
ONE of the worst examples of ill-considered
municipal legislation which has been pre
sented in this city for many a day is that of
Supervisor Maguire providing that on street car lines
the maximum fare for the transportation of each
"sitting passenger" shall be five cents for a con
tinuous trip, and the maximum fare for a "standing
passenger" shall for the same kind of trip be two, and
one-half cents, and requiring that "all street car com
panies shall keep for sale and sell on their cars to
passengers, in lots of not less than two or more than
ten, tickets, to be known as 'no seat' tickets, the price
of which is hereby fixed at two and one-half cents."
This is an attempt to introduce into San Francisco
a policy of street car regulation which had its origin
among a people whose habits are widely different
from our own, and whose street car systems are dif
ferent. The Market-street Railroad Company commits
many offenses against the community and is justly
subject to much condemnation, but excessive prices
for transportation is not one of them. No city in the
world has a more rapid, more comprehensive, more
convenient or cheaper system of street car transpor
tation than San Francisco. It has been built up in
accord with the needs and the customs of our peo
ple, and any interference with the system in the way
proposed would lead to confusion and result in evils
which would far outweigh the benefits expected.
One of the notable advantages of the existing
system, is the arrangement for transfers from the lines
of one street car company to another. By that ar
rangement the two companies divide the one fare
collected for the trip over both lines. If. now, a
standing passenger be authorized to ride for two and
a half cents, and take a transfer, one of the two com
panies would have to carry him for nothing. The
inevitable result of such a rule would be to put -in
end to transfers. Instead of one fare there would be
a double fare. Thus the standing passenger would
still have to pay five cents, and so gain nothing, while
the sitting passenger would have to pay ten cent^
and thus double his expense.
The difficulty of distinguishing between the sitting
and the standing passengers for a continuous trip is
another objection to the scheme. A man who boards
a crowded car, finding no seat, pays half fare, but
within a block he may obtain a seat. Another man
finds a seat ready when he enters a car and pays full
fare, but within a block he may have out of cour
tesy to rise and give the seat to a lady. He will be
then a standing passenger, and yet he has paid full
fare.
A third objection rises from the hurry and impa
tience to get forward which is a characteristic of the
American people. If there be three or four cars in
a line every passenger will endeavor to get on the
first car. That car will be crowded so that some of
the passengers are literally hanging on the platform,
while cars that will start two minutes later are left
with hardly enough passengers to fill the seats. To
permit all these standing passengers to ride for half
fare, when they have thus of their own will chosen to
ride that way rather than wait a minute or two, would
be manifestly unfair to the companies. Moreover, it
would have a tendency to increase the number of the
impatient ones and thus lead to a further crowding of
the cars, which is already carried too far in every
American community.
Furthermore, it is to be noted that our theaters dis
miss from their auditoriums every night an aggregate
of something like io.oqo people, all of whom pour out
into the streets at about the same time. The great
majority of them desire to get home at once, and
display an even greater amount than usual of the
characteristic American "rush.' It would be impos
sible for the car companies to provide cars enough
at that particular hour to furnish seats for all. Thus
a large number of the passengers would be entitled
to half-fare, and those who paid full fare would be
exposed even more than now to the crushing and
crowding of standing passengers.
Finally, the ordinance would work a grievous wrong
upon some of the street car companies while only dis
commoding others. All of our street lines do not enjoy
the enormous traffic of the Market : street Company.
On the California-street line, for example, the cost
of transportation to the company is estimated at an
average of three and one-third cents per passenger.
To that company a half-fare for standing passengers
would mean almost a total loss of profits, while the
Market-street line, after breaking its transfer ar
rangements with other companies, would probably
lose comparatively little.
The ordinance has nothing to commend it beyond
the specious promise of cheaper fares for those who
stand, and that promise is deceptive to all who take
transfers. Thus the number who would be benefited
would be small, while the great mass of the people
would suffer. There would be a loss of the transfers
from the lines of one company to those of another, an
increase in the overcrowding of cars, a necessary re
duction in the car service of some of the lines during
the hours when travel is light, and a general disar
rangement of all those conveniences which have
made our system of street travei admired throughout
the world.
T First Chicken— Me father came from Shanghai. T
<s> Second Chicken— Huh! that's nothing. Me mother was an oil stove from Paris t
1 - * ¦ . —Leslie's Weekly. . f
FRIDAY APRIL, 13, 1900
JOHN a SPRECKELS Proprietor.
/dares* Ali Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
2HBMCATION OFFICE. .Market »»d Tliir*. B. T,
Telephone Main ISCS.
EOITOIIIAL, lIOOMS ?1T to 221 Steve»»on St.
Teler>bone Main 1874.
nrllrrrrd 1»? Carrier*. 15 Centi Per Weete.
Single Copiei, 6 Centi.
Terms bjr Mall. Inclo tllncr Po«tasrei
X>a:KY CALL, (including Sunday), one year S«.<X»
DAIL.T CALL. (Including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
PAII.T CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1-60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «3o
ECJCDAT CALL One lew 1-80
BrXKKLiT CALL O>* Tear 10*
All poitmaiter* are aathorlied to receive
• abncrlptton*.
Sample ccplei will be forwarded when requested. .
OAKLiSD OFFICE... x HIS Broadway,
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manzgtr Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago^
KETW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C, CARLTON .. Herald Square
HIW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH . 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hotua; P. O. News Co.; Greet Northers Hotel;
Preuoet House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artort* Hotel; A. Breatano, SI Union S9uer»i
Stormy Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE - Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
BRAJfCn OFFICES— XT Montrcmery, corner of Clay, open
until »:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 630
McAllister, open until 9;30 o'clock. 015 Larkin. open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1094
Valencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until
b o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cpen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orjiheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "Quo Va(2l»."
Grand Opera-housp— "James Wobberts, X. S. 8.. Boston."
California — "A Bachelor's Romance."
California— l'etschn<Jkoff and HsinbourK, Monday afternoon,
April 16.
Columbia— fftrtt'i Minstreli.
T;voU— "The Bohemian Girl."
Fischer's Concert licuse — "Cavallerla Rustlcana."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
Olymjj'.a. corner of Mason a^id Eddy streets — Specialties.
Central Park— Gentry* Trained Animal Show,. Saturday,
/fri! U. *
El Ca>npo — Danrir.R, bowline, fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Wcatcn Turf Association— Races to-day.
6We are making a specialty of gold crown and
trlijge work: the mort beautiful, painless and
durable cf si] dental work known to the pro-
fe*Mon. Our name alone will be a guarantee
that your work will be of the best. We have a
specialist in *ach department. Best operators,
bert gold workmen and extractors of teeth: fn
fact, all the fetal! are Inventors of modern den-
tf«ry. W> will ¦ t—tl you in advance exactly
what your work will ooFt by free examination.
Give ux a call end you will find we do exactly
as we advertise.
New York Dental Parlors,
HISTORY/ BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST.
(Portland Office— Fourth and Morrison streets.)
Horrs: ! to S; Sundays 10 to 4.
- •
' _' Jsf&v!3k ' VQ*-*-»
of a handsome oak
table for
*JxJ%J*
Not more than two
to any one pur-
chaser. It Va fair
idea of what our
750 Mission Street
low prices mean.
You can get some-
thing that you
never, got before.
Five-drawer solid
oak chiffonier
Let us suggest carpets to
you when you are out on
your next shopping visit.
We have a magnificent new
stock.
INDIANAPOLIS FURNITURE CO.,
750 Mission Streetj Si Fi
FISCHER'S
JL CONCERT HOUSE k#
Z22-/24 O'FAHRELL, ST.
E. A. FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOREH Manager
Tbe Handsomest Music' Hall In America.
The Best Orchestra In the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
NEW BILL TO-NIGHT.
8:0O-AUGUST HINRICHS' SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
8:20-S1GNOR1NA PUERERL
?:35-SENORITA SALVINL
>:07— BABY RUTH.
S>:23— SIGNORINA POLLETTINI.
>:33— SIGNORINA BARDUCCI.
10:17— DUET— VARGAP-SALVINL
10:24— BABY RUTH.
11:00 to 11:4.1— "CAVALLFRIA RTTPTICANA."
10c ADMISSION 10c
No More Dread of
the Dental Chair.
TFFTH Which will you have, the
a 1— I— 1 1 1 • comforts of good teeth, or
the wretched misery, suffering and terrible
pangs of toothache and broken-down constitu-
tion, caused by polluted breath from decayed
teeth. And yet many struggle on through life
and allow their teeth to get In this most de-
plorable condition without seeking the proper
fource to have their teeth restored to their
natural condition. ¦-'
There 1* a certain per cent of those who
•re co afflicted who have no other reason ex-
cpt putting oft going to the dentist until too
late.
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without
pain by cur lat* scientific methods. No sleep-
prrvJuctnr arpnts or cocaine. The^e are the only
Dental Parlors in San Francisco that have the
rstent appliances and ingredients to extract,
fill and apply gold crowns and porcelain
rr'rwni, urvlPtprtable frcm natural teeth and
warranted for t*n year*, without the least par-
t'rl* of pain. Onli crownn and teeth without
r'-aW. geld fining* and all other dental work
<Jone cainlessjy and by specialists.
Gold Crowns. $5; Full Set Teeth.
65; Bridge work, $5; Gold Fill-
ings, SI 117; Silver Fillings, 50c.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK I
Every Night. Including Sunday. Matinee Sat.
. *W. HL WEST'S
g"j I C M DC
MINSTREL »,
JUBILEE! HEL
A GREAT BIG LAUGHING HIT.
Positively the Best Minstrel Company Ever
Brought to the Coast.
SPECIAL PRICES— 2Sc, 35c, 50c, 75c, $1.
Kansas has fifty-five dally papers.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
BrXTH MEETING. April 9 to ». laclualv*.
Elx high-class running races every week day.
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons xtep directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glaaa-lnclosed. whera.
comfortably housed in bad weather, they <*«n
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
10:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:15. 13:35. 12:50
and 1:23 p. m.. returning Immediately after
last race at 4:43 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No smok-
ing. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
San Jom and Way Stations— Arrlva at Saa
Bruno at 13:43 p. m. Leave Saa Bruno at 4:Cu
and 4:45 p. m. ¦ . ¦
RATES — San Francisco to Tanforan and r»-
turn. Including admission to track. 11.J5.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
Ladles' fine kid shces worth ?2 60 for $1 a
pr.ir at the Boston Shoe Co.. 775 Market.*
Matinee To-Morrow and Sunday.
EVERY NIGHT INCLUDING SUNDAT.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
THE FAD OF THE HOUR.
"QDO VADIS!"
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT Ml«:n«,
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
NEITHER I NOR
PESACH I HOLY WEEK
HAS ANY EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.
AIR. JAMESNEILL
AND COMPANY.
THE DRAMATIC HIT OF THE SEASON.
In Their Charming Presentation of
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Most Lavish Scenic Mountings.
REMEMBER THE MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Children Under Seven Not Admitted.
ARTISTIC PRODUCTION OP A MUSICAL
OEM!!
Balfe's Beautiful Ballad Opera.
Ti BOHEMIAN GIRL
EVERY EVENING. MATINEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL'!— NEXT WEEK-SPECIAL! !
Frank Daniels' Great Comic Opera.
"THE WIZARjIOF THE NILE"
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
Telephone. Bush 9.
BOBBY GAYLOR; / 1 Pnmarh
DE FORRESTS: / A UOUJgUj
EMPIRE COMEDT" FOUR; / R!|| flf
El STEBBINS; / RlllR 111 Ul
MATTHEWS and HARRIS: / UnSuT-
HARRY COOILL and / vu * ul
MAY APJLEA: / D3SSB3
EARL and SHEPHERD; / P I"**"' 1 '"
CARRIE BEHR. / CIC6 |6I1C8«
= LAST WEEK OF =
J±. 111. GUILLE.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c: Op«r»
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK— Th» Famous
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY.
PHONE MAIN 532.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
For the remainder of the week-
THE BEST NUMBERS OF THE
CALIFORNIA MINSTRELS.
And by popular demand.
Richard Walton Tully's Screaming Fares.
"JamesWobberts. I. S.S. Boston."
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT.
OUR NEW YORK EXTRAVAGANT COM-
PANY In David Henderson's Up-to-Date Ver-
sion of *
AN ARABIAN GIRL
OR. ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES.
The Greatest Extravaganza Production Ever
Given In this City.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orchestra at all mati-
nees, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
¦ ATJVEBTISEIIOrNTS.
£ ||
THE HUB
(CHAS.KEILUS &Co)
THURLOW BLOCK
ITYiPT T T^HX/IT'
L/Av/L/UOl V Air
HirH CRAT&F THE coo ° tailor
V/i-rV-0 1 AllaL-Jwv3 /sihe popular verdict l^hat
else could it be?
"|w Our clothes are not made for specul
j^""| ' sale&.^Pbodclothes never are /ts
par either to bu^y of us.or go to a real
\IJ good tailor on ly our prices
y are exactly oneholfofthe
ki /> tailors pnee.
•*•"*-' Our .garments represent
DDAMPIi thenjOst noted maKers inthe
country A'ouldyoa mmd
STORES tryino on some of our good
Clothes? yts worth th^try.
' cTuits.
.Trousers.
Overcoats-
132 KEARNY ST
SOUTH-EAST CORNER SUTTER
merchants, was in Hongkong plying his
trade.
But the comparison of figures between
these two administrations has only been
suggested. In the last two years of the
term of Wise 3792 Chinese applied for ad
mission at this port. In the first two years
of the administration of Jackson the num
ber of Chinese applicants for admission
was 7830— over twice the number which
had been registered under a same period
immediately preceding. Jare Kan was do-
Ing his work well. In the last two years
of Wise's term 3590 Chinese out of 3792
applicants were admitted. In the first two
years of Jackson's administration 7122 Chi
nese out of 7530 applicants were admitted.
The figures tell their own terrible story
of the ring which is making citizens out
of coolies.
And still the story has not been told. In
the seven months which follow Jackson's
second year of service 3124 Chinese applied
for admission. This number is within a
few hundred of the total number of ap
plications for the last two years of Wise's
term. Out of these 3124 applications 2750
were honored by the admission of the
coolies that made them. Month after
month "native sons" were created at the
rate of over one hundred a month. Hun
dreds after hundreds of Chinese were ad
mitted, until the aggregate on the first
year was 9572, and now It Is far past 10,000.
And Collector Jackson says truthfully
that more Chinese are leaving the port
than entering it. He neglected to say that
all who are leaving have a right to return,
and will do so. and that those that are
coming are coming by no right except
that which Is given by a clique of con
spirators. ¦ .
FARCE OF CREATING A
NATIVE SON OF CALI
FORNIA.
fl NSTEAD of diminishing, the daring:
traffic Is increasing with alarming
J[ strides. Three ships arrive every
month from China, and each brings Its
consignment of "native sons, merchants.
! students and tourists." When the steamer
China arrived a lew days ago this paper
determined to follow the traffic In coolies
from the beginning to the end, to trace
the operations of the ring from the mo
ment the coolies landed at the dock until
they passed full-fledged native-born
American citizens Into Chinatown. The
results of that investigation are startling.
On April 3 the mob of incoming Chinese
landed at the Pacific Mall dock. They
were a motley crew, a great, staring,
wide-eyed, curious throng, gaping In won
der at new sights and scenes of a city
J they had never seen before.
They possessed none of the familiarity
which characterizes Chinese that know
I their surroundings. They were herded by
j commands as cattle would have been, but
I there were forty-nine "native sons"
j among them. These ''native sons," with
i a single exception of a boy 14 years of
j age, are full-grown men. They are ad
i mlttedly of the legal age, as they claim
that they left this port at least eighteen
years ago. They must insist that they
1 left before that fatal June 6, ISS2, or they .
I will be caught by the records which the !
i United States Government has kept ever i
! since.
One by one the coolies were checked off.
They were "merchants, tourists, students
and native 'sons." The majority of the
"citizens." of course, had no papers, as
j they need none. They are natives of this
I country-
As one of these native sons of
California passed in inspection, his
bronzed, »ugly face betraying stupid
wonder, he handed his name and
i characterization to Inspector Lynch of
i the Chinese Bureau. Lynch looked
j at the paper and remarked with wis
; dom as he handed the document to
Inspector Gassaway:
"That is one of Pippy's men."
It was strange that Inspector Lynch
should be able to pick one of Pippy's men
out of the motley crew, but possibly his
powers of Intuition have been strongly
developed since he learned the routine of
the Chinese Bureau. But strange as was
the remark, stranger things happened be
fore the Inspectors of the bureau had
finished a labor of several days.
It was not long before the checking of
the 137 arrivals was finished and the ex
aminations began. A majority of the
"merchants" knew nothing of the cities
from which they claimed to come. They
know only their own little shops which
they pretend to own. As their certificates
were being examined Inspector Lynch was
asked If the documents were In English
with a Chinese translation. He replied,
casually:
"Xo; they are In Chinese, with an Eng
lish translation."
Inspector Lynch Is not aware, perhaps',
that such certificates are contrary to law
and on their face Illegal. And so the ex
amination continued. A score of students,
all having cousins In Washington alley,
; were all going to the\ Chinese Mission
| School on Sacramento street. If every i
; "student" who has said that he was going
; to the Chinese Mission School actually
; went there the Institution would rival
; Berkeley In attendance. The palpa
ble fraud of the applications was so reg-
I ular and persistent that It was degenerat
! Ing irto monotony until an Incident hap
i pened to revive the inquiry into startling
| interest.
; ' Another "native son" was before
' the inspector for examination. He
•was a great, hulky, powerful fellow,,
who had seen hard labor in tin fields.
His high check bones almost pro
truded from his face. He was a
coolie perhaps 26 years of age and of
course had left his native land be
fore June 6, 1882. His name is Lum
Vow.
As that name was mentioned
Stenographer Thompson looked up
and remarked to Inspector Tibbetts:
"That is one of Pippy's men, I
guess."
There was no reply and the ex
amination proceeded. And now Lum
Vow, by authority of Colonel Jack
son and Colonel Pippy, is a fully es
tablished native-born citizen of the
United States, born in San Francisco,
and endowed with a vote as a citizen
of the United States. As a matter of
course Lum Vow was admitted. Hi 3
Chinese witnesses went to the bureau
a few days later, Collector Jackson
affixed the seal that makes a citizen,
and Lum Vow was carted in an ex
press wagon from* the pen on the Pa
cific Mail dock to the shop of Kow,
Kee, Jan & Co., to whom he was con
signed, at 840 Clay street.
The examination of Lum Vow was Iden
tical with that of every other ."native
son" examined. It was absurdly simple,
told nothing but the barest assertions of
nativity in this country and departure be
fore June 6. ISS2. In order that a clear
Idea may be had of the testimony upon
which Collector Jackson makes citizens
cf the United States the examination of
"another of Pippy's men" was taken ver
batim. The examination is that of Lee
Woo. and it Is the evidence that Colonel
Pippy pleads is sufficient to make a coolie
a native-born Californlan. The testimony
transcribed from stenographic notes is as
follows:
Q.— What Is your name?
A.— Lee Woo.
Q. — How old are you?
A.— Twenty-six.
Q.— When were you born?
A.— First year of Kwong Sing.
Q.— What day?
A.— Tenth month, tenth day.
Q. — Where were you bdrn?
A.— 913 Dupont street.
Q.— What floor?
A.-Tblrd floor.
BEACON, ONE OF THE FLEET
GREYHOUNDS OF THE STATE
MAKING CHINESE
CITIZENS
By WHOLESALE
Continued from Second Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
CHUTES AND^OO.^/i^Sr
DE CAMP* MURDOCH. HANLON & SING-
ER. EDNA THORN. THE KRAMERS, AT-
• LANTIS. BOGGS & HAEWARD. ANN
FLETCHER. MOVING PICTURES.
CAKE WALK CONTEST TO-MORROW
NIGHT.
THE BARTONS vs.- DAVIS & HEARD, and
->. Many Others.
Seats by Telephone. Park 23.'
FAMILY RESORT-EL CAMPO.
OPEN -EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-five minutes' ride on the bay la that
large, magnificent steamer. Ukiah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing, boating, plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. 25 cents for the round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children between
5 and 12 years of age 15 cents.
Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Market street.
10:10 a. m.. 1 and 4 p. m. Leave El Campo
11:45 a. m.. 3 and 5 p. m.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY
AFTERNOONS,
April IS. IS and 20.
An Event That Will Lire in Musical History.
THE TWO GREAT RUSSIANS IN JOINT
RECITALS,
PETSCHNIROFF,
The Poet of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
The Toung Siegfried of the Piano.
AIME LACHAUMB,
Distinguished Pianist and Corapoaer.
Reserved Seats. 50c, $1. 1 50, $2. now on sale.
AMUSEMENTS.
A STAR PERFORMER FROM THE KENNEL OF CURTIS &. SONS.
From a photograph by J. O. Tucker, San Jose.
IN Beacon and Luxor the coursing firm of Curtis & Sons of Sin Jose
have, apparently, the' fastest greyhounds now in training. Luxor has won
many stakes without suffering a single defeat, while Beacon has placed
two valuable stakes to his credit within a month. He is a blue-colored
dog, agafnst which there is a decided aversion among coursing men. Beacon
is one of the few dogs of that color which have proved great par
formers on the field in this State. His breeding is of the best, as he is by
Skyrocket out of Buenretiro. He is by far the best of the litter and was
picked out" by Mr. Curtis while he was still a puppy. Luxor was secured in
the same manner. To the unremitting care and skillful handling they re
ceive at the hands of their owners is attributed the great showing they
have made on tbe coursing field.
«
Q.— Who told you when and where you
were born?
A.— My mother. My father told me also.
Q.— When did you go to China?
A.— Sixth year of Kwong Sing.
Q.— Month?
A.— Eighth month, 15th day.
Q.— Who took you to China?
A.— My father and mother.
Q.— ls your father alive?
A.— Yes
Q.— Where is your father?
A.— ln business in China.
Q.— Where is he in business in China?
A.— ln the Sam village.
Q.— Where do you reside in China?
A.— l live in the store.
Q.— Do you live over the store or in the
rear of it?
A.— No; on the same floor where the
store Is; in the middle of the store.
Q.— How many living-rooms have you in
the store?
A.— Four, including the kitchen. ?
Q.— What Is the nature of your father s
business?
A.— General merchandise.
Q.— Have you been living In that store
ever since you went to China from here.
A.— Yes.
Q.— ls there a store to the right of you
in the next building?
A.— No.
Q.— What is next to you on the right?
A.— A brick 'dwelling.
Q.— Who lives in it?
A.— Lee Yen.
Q._Have you lived there ever since you
have been living in China?
A.— Yes.
Q.— What Is next to you on the left?
A. —There is a gate there.
Q.— ls there a large vacant space there?
A.— Yes. No; there is a small vacant
space.
Q.— Then what comes next to that?
A.— Nothing else.
Q.— What is next to that vacant space?
A.— Next comes a store.
Q.— What is the name of the store?
A.— At On & Co.
Q.— Who is the proprietor?
A.— Lee Sung Yen.
Q.— What is the name of your father's
store? ¦
A.— At Hop & Co.
Q._What is the store building construct-
A. — Brick.
-Q.— ls It two stories high?
A.— One story high.
Q.— How many brothers have you?
A.— None.
Q.— Have you any sisters?
No.
Q.— What Is your father's name?
A.— Lee At.
Q.— Has your father any brothers?
A.— He has a younger brother, Lee Yen
Nam. *
Q.— Did you ever see him?
A.— l' saw him on the twelfth year of
I Kwonij Sing.
Q.— ls that the last time?
A.— Yes.
Q.— How old were you then?
Q.— Does he live in the same village with
A.— Yes.
Q.— Does he live in the same house with
you and your parents?
A.— No.
Q. — Does he live on the same street?
A. —Yes.
Q.— When you come out of your father's
store, which way do you turn to go to his?
A.— To the right.
Q.— What kind of feet has his wife?
A.— Small feet.
Q.— How many children have they 7
A.— One son.
Q.— How old Is he?
A.— Fifteen years.
Q.— ls there any one else In this country
you have seen in China besides Lee Yen
Nam?
A.— Lee Chee Yen.
Q.— When did you see him in China?
A.— Twenty-fourth year of Kwong Sing.
q.'_How many times did you see him In
China?
A.— Twice.
Q._Any one else you have seen In China
from this country?
A.-NO. . . .
Q.— Did you ever see Wing Chun Kirn
In China?
A.— No.
Q.— Did you ever see Wing Chun Kirn at
all? Could you remember him?
A.— No. V,sr2
Q,_Has your mother any sisters?
A.— No.
q._ "What is your mother's name?
A.— Wong Ah Toy.
Q._What kind of feet has your mother?
A.— Natural ' feet. »
Q.— Has your mother any brothers?
a!— She has a younger brother.'
» Q._ What is his name?
A.— Wong Toong.
Qi— Where is he?
A.— ln the Sin Yoon village. V -
Q.— ls -he married?
A.-He is. ,
Q,_What is his wife's name? •
A.— Lai Tee.
Q._ What kind of feet has she?
A.— Small feet.
q.—Ho.w many children have they? , :
A.— None.
Q.— Has your mother any sisters?
A.— No. - ' C}--1C } --1
Q.— What Is yourwlfe's name?
A.— Leong See.
Q.— What kind of feet has she?
A.— Natural feet...
Q.— ls your wife living with your par
ents In China?
A.-rNo. -¦ • •"¦¦¦.; :'-:; ; '¦*;/= : ; •: ¦-.
Q.— Do you and your wife keep house
in China?
A.— Yes.
Q.— Where do you live?
A.— At the stored
Q.— Your wife lives In the same building
with your father and mother, does she?
A.— No. My wife lives at another place.
I live at the store.-
Q. — Where does your wife reside?
A.— ln the Sam village.
Q.— When did you get married?
A.— Twentieth year of Kwong Sing.
Q.— Have you any children?
A.— Have a son.
Q.— How old is your son?
A.— Four years old.
Q.— Do you mean to tell me that you
live in the store and your wife lives in
another village?
A.— Sometimes I live in the store and
sometimes I go home.
Q.— What is the name of the village
where your father and mother live?
A.— The Sam village.
Q.— How far from the village where you
live is the village where your wife re
sides?
A.— One alley.
Q-— Are your father's store and your
wife's house in the same village?
A.— Same village. * .
Q— Do you live in the store with your
father and mother or do you live in the
same house with your wife?
A.— Sometimes I live at the store and
when I am not busy I go home.
Q.— Are your wife's parents living?
A.— Xo.
Q- — Is there a river where you live?
A. — Xo.
Q.— How far Is it to the nearest river?
A.— Five lis.
Q.— ln what direction does the river He
from the village?
A.— The river twists all around the vil
lage.
Q.— ls the village on an Island? (The in
terpreter had to explain this question and
talked some little time with the China
man. When he finished he gave as the
answer. The river is to the east.)
Q— Who furnished .the money for you
to come here on?
A.— My father.
It Is upon such testimony as this that
native sons" are made, but Lee Woo, for
a reason, is not yet liberated from the
pen. For several days the mill kept grind
ing. Wagon load after wagon load left
the Mail Dock and disappeared into
Chinatown, but yesterday it suddenly
stopped. The members of the ring had
discovered that their movements were be
ing watched. The clique held a confer
ence. Ho Vow was notified and yesterday
morning not a Chinese "native son,"
"student" or "merchant" left the dock.
There may be -some hope, therefore, that
they will be sent back or compelled to
fight their way In through the courts.
While they are waiting for that fear
fully ready order of release from Collector
Jackson, 200 more of their kind are being
examined on. the Doric, which arrived on
Saturday. The time Is ripe, therefore, to
kill a traffic that beyond all others is the
most dangerous and daring and menacing
ever practiced In San Francisco.
FORGET WON THE
MIDWEEK STAKE
AT INGLESIDE
Captured the Deciding Course
From Brilliantine in .
Short Time. N
Susie After Winning Three Times on
the Short En^ Ban Unsighted
and Lost on the Third
Tie.
>
J. P. Thrift's Forget won the deciding
course In the midweek stake at Ingleside
Coursing ' Park yesterday from James
Dean's Brilliantine, in a short run of nine
teen seconds, after an undecided course.
The stake winner and the runner-up both
showed well throughout the stake.
Susie got well down on the card, win
ning three courses on the short end, and
it looked like a good chance for her to get
to the final. Against Brilliantine, in the
last tie, however, she ran unsighted up the
field, with Brilliantine lengths ahead.
After sighting the hare she ran well, but
lost by a score of 6 to 3. The hares ran
better than usual and gave the dogs a few
hard runs, the course between False Flat
terer and Banner Bright. Tod Sloan and
Swinnerton, Beer Brewer and Silver Cloud
being of the long order. In the latter
course the hare escaped, after an exciting
run." Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Midweek stake— J. R. Smith's Magic beat D.
Ford's Bonlta, 6-4: H. A. Deckelman's Snap
shot beat J. H. W. Muller'a Mocorlta. 6-1; D.
Shannon's Safeguard beat M. B. Kavanagh's
Hard Lines, 4-2; H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway
beat Bartels Bros.' Baron Blood, -5-4; P. Hor
gan's Lucretia Borgia beat F. yon Soosten's
Magnet. 3-2; Ji P. Thlrft's Forget beat P. Hor
gan's Manila, 4-0; T. A. Gaffney's False Flat
terer beat Bartels Bros.' Banner Brierht. 16-7;
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat P. O'Donnell's
Swinnerton. 22-6; O'Shea Bros.' Young Flrenzl
a bye: James Dean's Brilllantine beat D. Dil
lon's Europa. 4-0: Joe Thrift's St. Michael beat
D. Dillon's Modesty. 7-1; Bartels Bros.' Beer
Brewer beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud, 19-2;
Lowe & Thompson's Bagpipe beat R. Attrldge's
Masterpiece, 4-0; Lanrt & Gerber's Concord beat
Bartels Bros.' Betsy Barrow, 4-2; D. E. Wiley's
High Born Lady boat A. Johnson's Lowlander.
7-4; T. Butler's Susie beat S. Mahoney's Nellie
G, 4-2.
First tie— Snapshot beat Magic, 3-0; Flyaway
beat Safeguard. 4-1: Forget beat Lucretia Bor-
Kla. 5-4: False Flatterer beat Tod Sloan. 4-2:
Brilliantlne beat Young Flrenzl, 5-1; St. Michael
beat Beer Brewer, 5-0: Bapgipe beat Concord,
4-3: Susie beat High Born Lady. 4-2.
Second tie— Forpet beat Snapshot. 3-0; Fly
away beat False Flatterer. 5-3: Brllllantine beat
St. Michael. 5-0; Susie beat Bagpipe. 6-3.
Third tie— Forget beat Flyaway, 3-0; Bril
liantine beat Susie, 5-0.
Final— Forget beat Brllllantine, 3-0.
• ?
This Week's Stakes.
The management of Ingleside Coursing
Park has arranged a card made up of a
champion stake of eight dogs and an open
stake of sixty-four dogs. The champion
stake will be run entirely on Sunday af
ternoon. The sport will commence on
Saturday at 1 p. m. and on Sunday at 11
a. m. The draw last night resulted as
follows:
CHAMPION STAKE— EIeht dogs: Lowe &
Thompson's Flora McDonald vs. J. Dean's Con
nemara; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master
Clalr vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Chicago
Boy; R. E. de B. Lopez's Peplta vs. T. Tier
ney's Tea Rose; Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran
vs. O'Shea Bros.' Golden Rule.
OPEN' STAKE— Sixty-four dogs: D. E. Wi
ley's High Horn Lady vs. J. Perry's Commo
dore Nash; J. L. Boss' J L R vs. J. McEnroe's
Admiral Sampson: J. Caveney's Juliette vs. J.
Potter's Remus; H. H. Grey's Rona. vs. J. Far
ley's Morse's Patrol; C. B. Charlesworth's
Crawford Braes vs. Kay Bros." Dudley Dia
mond; A. Johnson's Lowlander vs. D. J. Hen
ley's Maggie N; J. Byrnes' Battleship vs. J.
R. Smith's Victor Queen: P. Herman's Lucretia
Borgia vs. D. J. Healey's Lady Clare; E. M.
KelloßK's lowa Maid vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Little Fullerton; J. McNeil's Black Hawk vs.
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Palmflower: D. Dil
lon's Modesty vs. H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway;
J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sweetness: Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant vs.
J. R. Smith's Victor: J. R. Smith's Master
Davenport vs. J. J. Edmonds' Go On: P. Hor
uan's Manila vs. J. M. Stllwell's Oliver: H. A.
Deckelman's Snapshot vs. J. Byrnes' Olympus:
J. Holden's Scottish Chief' vs. J. L. Ross' Hoot
Mon; Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer vs. D. K.
Carter's Tipple Tyler; J. M. Stll well's Fern vs.
D. K. Carter's Marian; J. M. Stilwell's Esmer
alda vs. Russell. Allen & Wllpon's Belle Clalr;
K. E. de B. Lopez's Dairy Maid vs. Bartels
Bros." Baron- Blood: J. Mooney's Silent Treasure
vs. J. Dean's Brllliantlne: D. J. Healey's Gre
nada vs. D. Shannon's Safeguard; J. R. Smith's
Petrcnlus vs. Connell Bros.' -Happy Thought; J.
McEnroe's Lady Trilby vs. H. A. Deckelman's
Rocker; J. H. W. Muller's Mocorlta vs. R. L.
Taylor's Mose; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie
wawa vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; C. B.
Charlesworth's Crawford Lass vs. J. Anthony's
Patriot; Lande & Gerber's Concord vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Bagpipe: E. M. Kellosrg's Sweet
Emma vs. J. McEnroe's Norwest: E. M. Kel
lokk's Hummer vs. Kay Bros.' Ada: E. M Kel
logtf'.s Lady Gilmore vs. E. M. Kellogg's Ben's
Babe.
WHDf Can. SLOO mTßar
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
A2ITJSESOINTS.
W^^^^^^^^M
ISSS— Arrived. 3722: rejected. 116: admitted, 3616.
becond year. June, ISM. to May. 1833— Arrived.
«<•¦?£; rejected. :,;<;; admitted 3SA6. Last seven
months of im AjTtTPd. 3124: rejected, 374; ad
ir.tued. r:.-.0. Totals— Arrived, 10.U54; rejected,
X*2; admitted. *ST2.
The foregoing table may be better un
deretood when studied in comparison with
another which shows the arrival, rejection
and admission of Chinese during the last
two years of the administration of John
H. Wise, the predecessor of Colonel J. P.
Jackson as Collector of the Port. The ad
ministration of. John H. Wise in reference
to the admission of Chinese was not
famous for its strictness, but the differ
ence between it and that of Jackson is as
startling as are other details of this, the
most gigantic and far-reaching Chinese
ring that was ever organized and operated
in California, or anywhere else in the
United States.
The table which chows the traffic in Chi
r.ese for the last two years of the"admin
istration of Wise is as follows:
The forepojng- tables \rtll show what has
been done by the local Chinese rlnj? under
the administration of Colonel John P.
Jackson. Collector of the Port. It will be
noticed that immediately after Colonel
Jackson took office the Immigration of
Chinese to this port increased with re
rr.arkab!e Jumps. During the last two
years of the administration of Wise the
hiph water mark in the number of Chinese
applicants for admission in any month
was 345. The first month of the adminis
tration of Jackson the number of appli
cants was 212. The number then increased
to 452. then to £40. then to C«4 in a single
month. Jare Kan, the friend of Ho Vow
and the representative of local Chinese
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEFEHDABLE DRUCS.
100-Mile
Drug Delivery Free!
J3 orders— drugs, medicines or
toilet articles— delivered free to I
railroad point? within 100 miles of
San Francieco or Oakland.
Mcney must come with order.
Send for 1900 Illustrated Catalogue.
Nelson's Foot Ctmfort 20c
flncJudinr Postage. 25c.) ;
Murray's Porous Plaster ( 3 for 25c) ICe
Pinkh£m"s Vegetable Compound. .75c
Swamp-Root 40c
Parana 85c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Baker's Honduras Sarsaparilla. .75c
Rentier's Malt Extract 20c
Sea Salt, large boxes 15c
Calder's Dentine 15c
Roll Toilet Paper, largest s!ze..!Oc
Murray's Belladonna Plasters. . .10c
Carter s Little Liver Pills 15c ;
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c \
Carter's Llthla Tab- j
Carter's Cascara
Compound 25c
Stuart's Dyspepsia j
THEOWLDRUGCO,
Cut-Rate Druggists.
lisa MARKET ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
<*wffnni i ifc* lOta aad Emdwty, Oekltnd
REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism. « on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to Una rem-
edy: then, a single dose te often sufficient.
X- FOI'GEB.% A CO.. 5 0.30 X. William 9C..V.X
CENTRAL PARK, S5-3&
TWO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday. April 14th.
Trained Animal Show!
Lareer and Grander than Ever. Twice Its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants. Ponies.
Monkeys and Dogs. Giving positively the most
unique and covel exhibition ever witnessed
under* canvas. Representing; the highest pos-
sible development of animal Intelligence. 75—
WONDERFUL ACTS— 7S. More startling and
difficult than ever performed by their human
prototypes In the sawdust arena. The fad of
the fashionables and an Instructive show for old
and yountr. A most moral and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and best dressed ex-
hibition od tour. Admission — Children. 10c:
Adults. 25c. Performance at S o'clock after-
noon,' 8:30 night. See Grand Par*d» at noon
parh «lav Slinw mfn nr ohtn*.
XS"DTTOTJI?O FOR BARBER - BAK-
DilUuilLO' r9 - bocthla-k.l. bath-
***¦>*' fc*AA**»^ houses, billiard tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers flour mills- foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers." painter*. sho« factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA.VVi t'.KOii..
Brash Mannfactarers. 609 Sacramento St
7
«
tw
years i
of W
se's
mln
.or
to May
r. is&fr
at 5
us;
:. J
»cted
-Arrlv
s
UK:
otals-
Arri\
I'tfl
Icsth and
ed
Tctr.
it
6. I
Rejected.
Adr
7t
A-
ne. H9S
ly. 18SB
sm«. isas...
rteir.ber. U9I
US
170
222
HI
IS
v
17
5
140
tob«r, I«SS..,
¦v*iaber. 1S«
cerabt-r. ISSS
(3
21S
es
IS
22
3
70
cuar>-. UH..
63
i
bruar>-. igs«.
45
45
irch. 1R95 ...
A;
M
trcn. ie»e
irti. TS96
v. ISSS
49
S3
1?1
i
:
27
17
121
¦r
rct«j«
139«
IC4
.Tv
az
1 I
543
:.¦¦;
ta
P.-
i«ru«t, 153«...
pt«nb*r. IS*
tobcr. ISJ6..
a
149
S4S
171
1
s
B
146
X*.
15
i:4
¦Cfrr.ber. 1?:;«6
143
UJ
«
154
12
».f
4
f4
«S
«
SI
il
: .:
B«l
•ot*!«
9S
«
tw
years i
of W
se's
mln
.or
to May
r. is&fr
at 5
us;
:. J
»cted
-Arrlv
s
UK:
otals-
Arri\
I'tfl
Icsth and
ed
Tctr.
it
6. I
Rejected.
Adr
7t
A-
ne. H9S
ly. 18SB
sm«. isas...
rteir.ber. U9I
US
170
222
HI
IS
v
17
5
140
tob«r, I«SS..,
¦v*iaber. 1S«
cerabt-r. ISSS
(3
21S
es
IS
22
3
70
cuar>-. UH..
63
i
bruar>-. igs«.
45
45
irch. 1R95 ...
A;
M
trcn. ie»e
irti. TS96
v. ISSS
49
S3
1?1
i
:
27
17
121
¦r
rct«j«
139«
IC4
.Tv
az
1 I
543
:.¦¦;
ta
P.-
i«ru«t, 153«...
pt«nb*r. IS*
tobcr. ISJ6..
a
149
S4S
171
1
s
B
146
X*.
15
i:4
¦Cfrr.ber. 1?:;«6
143
UJ
«
154
12
».f
4
f4
«S
«
SI
il
: .:
B«l
•ot*!«
9SCLEVELAND BICYCLES — Roa'drten!, $40;
racers, (50. Leavltt & Bill, agents, 30S Larkln.*
1?? NOME BEACH
DIRECT. :
BARKENTINE^THERINE STTDDEN BAIU
For freight rates apply to th«
Office; 4 California at.
The Easter number of The
Call, appears on Easter Sun-
day, April :• 1 5, and will sur-
pass anything of the kind ever
published on the coast.
V '' -' ¦- ¦ ¦
SWELL EASTER STYLES!
Don't foritet that Easter is almost here. If
you haven't selected a nice pair of Shoes to B<>
with that new hat. better do so quickly before
our sizes are broken. .
Our styles are all absolutely correct and so
are our Drices.
LADIES' SWELL PATENT LEATHER
LACE SHOES for walking or dress, leather or
LXV heels, kid or cloth tops #«*.CO
Think of Selling gri
A Shoe I/ I
Like This ffl j\
$fi 50 jPy^p
THIS \*EEK ONLY!
Four styles LADIES' TAN LACE turns. v«stla?
or cloth tODs. new coin toe. concave heel.
Regularly JO. OO.
fIIVE SHOES.
830-832-834 Market St., S. F.
ADVEBTISEMETfTS.
FRANK L. T. MERWIN.
the Morgue by John A. Ellert. a sign
painter residing at 515 Eddy street, as
that of Frank L. T. Merwin. Ellert said
Merwin was a married, man and recently
came to this city from Fresno. He was a
sign painter and had worked for Ellert,
Further than that, the latter knew noth
ing concerning the dead man.
COAST JOBBERS
THINK VICTORY
IS ASSURED
Interstate Cojmmerce Com
mission Adjourns Its
Session.
Attorneys for the St. Louis League
Wish to Offer Testimony, in
Rebuttal at the Oral
Hearing.
SEATTLE, April 12.— The Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day concluded
its hearing of testimony and investigation
in the suit brought before that body by
the jobbers of the Middle West and the St.
Louis Business Men's League against the
Pacific Coast railroad lines to compel the
re-establishmetrt of freight rates and clas
sification to this territory as they were
prior to June, IS9S. The commission left
to-night for Denver and Omaha to take
testimony in similar cases.
Commissioner Joseph W. Fife of Illinois
says the commission has received notice
from the attorneys for the St Louis
League that at the oral hearing of attor
neys they wish to present some evidence
rebutting a portion given on the coast
Just when this hearing will take place,
he says, cannot now be determined, as the
commission has a large amount of work
to be disposed of before the Middle West
and Pacinc Coast jobbers' controversy can
be taken up again. The decision of the
commission in the matter, he believes, will
therefore be delayed for some time.
The testimony taken in the four Pacific
Coast sittings will make between 2500 and
3000 typewritten pages.
The Pacific Coast Jobbers' Association
Is well satisfied with the showing made
by its witnesses, and the general belief
is expressed that tacts and figures have
been presented to the commission - that
will permanently thwart the designs of
the Middle West Jobbers to invade this
territory on a basis that is considered by
coast jobbing houses unfair, unjust and
wholly without warrant or merit.
HIGH STANDARDS
IN THE SCHOOLS
ARE ADVOCATED
Educational Commission of
California Has a Busy
Convention.
Certification of Teachers, Compulsory
Education, Text Books and Con
stitutional Amendment
Considered.
e —'t -HE California Educational Commis
; £ion held Its ilrst meeting yesterday
][ in the as&embly room of the Board
of Education to consider measures
which, being approved, will be turned into
legislative bills to be presented to the
Legislature at its next session. Th« sub
committee consisted of Thomas J. Kirk,
G. W. Beattie, J. W. McClymonds, Elmer
E. Brown. Elwood P. Cubberly, J. W.
Linscott, Robert Furlong and R. M,
Ehackelford. President Wheeler of the
University of California and President
Jordan of Stanford University were pres
ent: also Thomas J. Kirk, Superintendent
of Public Instruction; Samuel T. Black,
ex-Superintendent of Public Instruction;
John Swett. Edward F. Adams of
Wrights, Professor Elmer E. Brown of
Berkeley, Regent John E. Budd, Prin
cipal Frederic Burk of the San Francisco
Normal School. Professor Cubberly of
Stanford, Horace Davis, Alden Anderson,
W S. Melick of Pasadena, Rev. h.. R.
Dille, C. W. Childs of San Jose. George
E. Church of Fresno, Timothy Hopkins,
Will 6. Green. Edward Hyatt of River
tide, E. O. Larkins of Visalia. J. W. Lin
ecott of Santa Cruz, C. W. Mark, presi
dent of th© San Francisco Board
of Education; Frank Morton. Charles
A. Murdock, Arthur Rodgers, Sena
tor Chester A. Rowell of Fresno,
li M. Shackelford of Paso Roblea.
Edward Sweeney of Redding, Superin
tendent Webster of this city. H. Wein
etock and E. B. Willis of Sacramento, J.
B McChesnty of Oakland, C. L. McLane
of Fresno, F. E. Lmnlap of Stockton,
James Demnan and a few interested
teachers of this city.
H. Weinetock presided and G. W . Beat
tie acted as secretary. The sub commit
tee submitted an elaborate programme,
which was well received, aithough a prop
osition to have the Superintendent of Pub
lic Education nominated by an educa
tional body instead of by a party conven- ,
tion was referred back.
Several speakers took the ground that
to urge that measure might prejudice all
the others. All measures went over to a
meeting which will be called by the chair
to prepare bills, probably with the aid of
the Code Commission.
The entire forenoon was occupied in
petting into shape a plan for the certifi
cation of teachers. Tne following provis- |
ions were adopted: No teachc shall i
teach in any public school whose certifl- |
cate is of a lowt-r grade than the class to
be taught; the State Board of Education
to have discretion in special cases, but
the requirements of the certificates for
high school teachers to tx? equivalent to
those who are certified by the university j
feu teachers; high school certificates to be
issued only ujion the credentials of the
Stat* Board of Education, by county
boards, who will give high school certifi
cates, and elementary school certificates,
the latter being based upon either Cali
fornia State Normal School diplomas, nor
mal school diplomas from other States or j
elementary certificates from another !
county in California: the county boards i
to also issue kindergarten, primary cer- j
tificatcs and special certificates for tech- j
niral and othfr special branches of study. |
The qualifications of applicants for ele- *
mentary school certificates were defined j
sncl it was recommended that the State .
Hoard discontinue the issuance of edu- |
catinaal diplomas of the high school |
KT&de and of the prrammar grade.
The report concerning the certification j
of Teachers was made by Robert Furlong !
of San Rafael, chairman of the sub-cor- I
mlttee. and a supplementary report was '
filed by G. W. Beattie. He said there were ;
llj>6 persons provided with high school |
certificates and for the remaining 6943 po- ;
eitions there Is an army of ll.bTO certified ,
teachers available. The recommendations j
In 1990 will probably exceed 2-X* and there i
will be €00 professionally trained teachers
per year from the two universities and J
the five State Normal schools before any
charge in the certificating laws can be- |
come operative. Discussion was carried j
on by Professor Brown. Will S. Green, G. I
W. Beattie. Messrs. Sackett. Cubberly, j
I>inscott. Superintendent Webster, Presl- j
dr-nts Wheeler and Jordan and others, j
When the vote was taken on the whole. ,
section by section, there was no dissent- i
Ir.c voice.
During the afternoon rapid prorress was I
made. The most important action taken i
was to recommend the adoption of an ;
amradment to the constitution of the
State as follows:
The public ecfc<x>l system thaJl Include prl- |
mary and grarr.rr.ar Fchor.U and such hlt;h
schoola. ever.'r.c schools, normal schools and
technical *cho<~.l* a* may be establlefceil by the j
Ij'ffiFlatui* or by municipal or district au- !
thoiity. but the entire revenue derived from
the Etite nrhoo! fund and the revenue derived <
from tare* rnllect»d for primary and tram- j
mar sohcw.lf «hal be applied exclusively to the :
support ofprimary and grammar *chool«. The i
revenue derived from taxett collected for high !
school* and technical schools ehall \i* applied i
exclusively to the purport of such schools.
RernmmpriJatlons were made for a '
Board of Repents for the normal schools; I
for the organization of truant or parental
echools to enforce education; for the con- !
centr&tion and supervision of rural |
schools; for the encouragement of manual
training in the normal schools; also set
ting forth that the State text books are
rot satisfactory and suggesting the com
mission should find a way to solve the ex
isting difficulty.
JAMES L. SANDERSON.
Morgue. An autopsy will be held to as
certain the cause of death.
ANOTHER GIFT FROM
COLLIS P. HUNTINGTON
Keith's "Summit of the Sierras" Pre
sented to the Art Association.
Redmond's Work.
"The Summit of the Sierras." a P'cture
by William Keith, now on exhibition at
the Mark Hopkins Institute, has been pur
chased by C. P. Huntington and Presented
to the Art Association. This 13 the third
picture given to the institute by Mt
Huntington since his return from New
York. This last evidence of his generosity
is a magnificent work and one which at
tracts unusual admiration. .^.^
The attendance at the spring « hl J> ltlon
still holds up. while the number of pic
tures sold Is unusually large.
Redmond recently returned
where he worked for five years ' under the
eye of skilled masters. He wan selectea
as the recipient of the Durham fund out
of which all his expenses were paid while
abroad. While a mere youth and a pupil
at the Berkeley School for the Deaf and
Dumb and Blind he gained the gold medal
of the Art Association for the best work
of the year. He. is now in Lns Angeles
preparing for a three months trip
through the Grand Canyon of th« Colo
rado River and the Indian country or
Arizona and New Mexico.
NOT IN FAVOR
OF RACETRACK
GAMBLING ONLY
Supervisor Reed Forcibly
Objects to Helms'
Order.
Beplies Vigorously to a Significant
Remark of the Gamblers' Re
presentative That the* * v
Measure Will Pass.
. The Supervisors' Police Committee yes
terday was again unable to arrive at any
recommendation in regard to the half
dozen ordinances regulating, poolselling
within the city and county. Tobin was
not present at the meeting, and when
Helms aSked that his ' ordinance allowing
poolselling within the lnclosure of a race
track and prohibiting it everywhere else
be taken up Reed, the third member of
the committee, objected, as he said that
the subject had never" been discussed un
less the full committee was present.
Helms, backed by Frank McQuaide, who
represents the racetrack gamblers, sug
gested that the ordinances be presented
to the board without any recommendation
and Reed agreed with the plan, but de
clined to do anything in 'the absence of
Tobin.
At this juncture McQuaide asked that
the. ordinance relating to racetracks be
allowed to go to the board.
"We'll have. enough votes for it there,"
added McQuaide, significantly.
;To this Iteed replied that the Tobin or
dinance had been beaten by a vote of 10
to.S and that he held a contrary opinion
to that of McQuaide and that a much
larger vote would be recorded against the
ordinances now under consideration.
When McQuaide retired Reed expressed
himself forcibly regarding the assertion
made by McQuaide that enough votes
would be had to secure the passage of the
ordinance intended to legalize gambling
on racetracks only.
"Why does that man say that he has
enough votes on the ordinance?" said
Reed. "I do not believe what he says,
and such tactics on the part of the race
track men will not help their cause."
Reed, who was evidently angered at Mc-
Quaide's remark, then informed Helms
that further consideration would be post
poned. To this Helms replied that it
looked as though the ordinances would die
in the committee, to which possibility
Reed appeared to be perfectly reconciled.
The application of the National Athletic
Club to give a boxing exhibition on April
27 was granted on the managers agreeing
to abide by several rules formulated with
a view to Insure fsilr contests. These in
clude the appointing of one referee and two
judges for every contest and at the slight
est appearance of fraud all bets are to be
declared off.
Manager Crowley of the Columbia
Club asked for a permit for April
17, but was informed that the law
only allowed one professional boxing con
test in the month, and his application
would be refused. At this Crowley mut
tered that his club was not getting a
square deal, to which Reed replied an
grily: "Well, we are trying to secure
high class boxing and not too much of it,
and if the law is not complied with we
intend to put an end to all such exhibi
tions."
Butchers' Day.
Committees are now formulating a plan
for the celebration of butchers' day on th©
23d of May at Shell Mound. It will be un
der the auspices of the Butchers' Board
of Trade of San Francisco and of Ala
meda County. There will be a number of
races, trotting, pacing, steer, butcher
carts and vaqueros, tor butchers; also
games and footraces for others.
On Sundays steamer Uklah will leave
Tiburon ferry for El Campo at 1 p. m. •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April . 12.
Brie W O Irwln. Williama, 12 days from
Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Feb 7. lat 66 39 S. lon 75 W— Br ship Cam
brian PrlnceM. from Fraser River, for Liv
erpool.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 12— Schr
"Wawona, from Newuort.
OCEAN STEAMER.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 12— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPOSWTION COMPANIES.
Insane Chinese Attempts Suicide.
While temporarily insane Ju Pon, a Chi
nese laborer, yesterday attempted to com
mit suicide by -frightfully slashing his
throat with a razor at 741>4 Washington
street. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the wounds were stitched
by Police Surgeon Bunnell. It is doubtful
if he recovers.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
lBtor^anl 8 tor^and H N^i nlen I ef ST ° RATIVE - LNVIG °**-
tJJ?! «?<>¦» wonderful aphrodlslau and Sp«cUl
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both *ex*Z
-£«*«JPni ai i.« Rem<^ for Dls *»*« of th» Kl4.
Bays and Bladder. Sells on Its owu merit*
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. AKent?.
P3 Market st.. 8 F.-«Send for Circular.!
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
FRANK SANGER DOUTY
Bishop Nichols Conducts the Simple
Services and Prominent Men
Attend.
The funeral of the late Frank Sanger
Douty was held yesterday afternoon from
me residence of Dr. Ward on Broadway,
and many prominent citizens were in at
tendance to pay their last respects to all
that was mortal of one they had known
and respected. Bishop Nichols conducted
.....«• simple services, and in a few words
told of the good qualities of Mr. Douty.
The cremation of the body took place at
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery. The pall
bearers were all intimate friends and bus
iness associates of the deceased. They
wer*- R. P. Schwerin. C. E. Wilson,
carles E. Green. Captain A. H. Payson,
Charles T. Patrlarche. C. E. Hayes, N. T.
Smith. W. H. Crocker, Thomas J. Field,
Captain Uriel Sc-bree. U. S. N.; J. Eric
Polhemus and A. S. Baldwin-
Doubted a Lady's Word.
William Sherlock, alias Gilbert, arrested
by Policemen Edner and McGowan for
having burglars' tools In his possession fn
the shape of a picklock, was convicted by
Judge Fritx yesterday and ordered to ap
pear for sentence this morning. When
Sherlock was arrested on a previous oc
casion his landlady, Mrs. May Goley, 512
Bush street, testified that, she supplied
her roomers with picklocks, as they were
handier than ordinary keys, and the
Judge dismissed the case. Yesterday the
Judge said he did not believe Mrs. Goley's
statement, and he did not propose to be
imposed upon a second time.
Attorney Knight Gets His Fee.
Attorney George A. Knight appeared
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday and
complained that the police had unlawfully
Impounded $500 from Elmer Kane Wednes
day, and he asked that an order be made
on the property clerk to deliver up the
money. The order was made, and by con
pent of L. H. Jewell, the miner from
Dawson City, who is the complaining wit
ness, the balance of the money alleged to
have been stolen from him by Kane's
wife, amounting to over $3000, was taken
from the safe deposit vaults and- placed
in the custody of the property clerk pend
ing the decision in the cases against Kane
and his wife, which will be called this
morning.
Berkeley Students in Minstrelsy.
The students 'of the University of Cali
fornia presented the best features of their
minstrel first part In addition to the three
act farce "James Wobberts," at the Grand
Opera-house last night and the perform
ance was well received by a large audi
ence. The first appearance in San Fran
cisco of the Glee' Banjo and Mandolin
Club, consisting of forty artists, was
greeted with unstinted applause and every
number was repeatedly encored.
The Sign of the Peacock
Is the unique name of the very origina'
confectionery . establishment Just opened
at 229 Geary street, opposite Unio
Square, by J. Graef, Kennedy & Co. Ye?
terday afternoon a private reception we
largely, attended by society people. Th
morning the business will be opened '
the general public. Originality of a mo
pleasing order marks every feature of th
new ladles' lunch, Icecream and confe<
tionery room. The tables, chairs nr
woodwork are all of flemish oak, with tl
walls handsomely decorated with appri
priate and harmonious colorings. Tb
confections are displayed In fine old pot
tery. and Icecream soda will be served ii
steins on Italian pottery plates. Mr. Ken
nedy has fortunately secured the services
of one of the best candy makers of the
country. •
NEW DIRECTORS OF THE
MARKET-STREET ROAD
H. E. Huntington "Will Likely Be the
Hew President — Stockholders'
Discussion.
The annual mf«ting of the stockholders
of the Market-Ftrc-et Railway Company
wa« held yesterday afternoon in the of
fices of H. E. Huntington. The following
directors for the ensuing year were elect
ed: H. E. Huntington. Charles Holbrook,
I. W. Hellman. Alvinza Hay ward, N. T.
Smith. Horace G. Platt. J. W. Willcutt.
Charles G. Lathrop and Henry T. Scott.
The annual statement concerning the
affairs of the road and proposed plans
was read, together with a statement ot
the receipts, expenditures and earnings.
Nothing was, however, made public con
cerning these matters. There was also a
central disr-ussion of the proposed Ma
gulre ortflranco to reduce street car fares
to Zhi cents for people who are compelled
to stand In the cars, but nothing could
be learned regarding the results of the
olscussion.
The new board of directors will likely
meet and onraniz* within a few days. It
1? probable that H. E. Huntington will be
elected piesiJent. Charles Holbrook vice
president and J. W. Willcutt secretary.
"DIVE" WOMEN MUST
NOT DRINK AT BARS
In speaking of the saloons on the Bar
bary Coast Chief Sullivan 6aid yesterday:
"In future no women will be permitted
to stand at the bars or drink at the bars
in any saloon or 'dive' in the city. We
cannot prevent women from going into
private boxes in saloons or 'dives,' but if
any women are discovered at the bars
the forfeiture of the license will be the
penalty.- I have to-day sent word to all
saloonkeepers and divekeepers to that
effect, the regulation to come Into force
after Saturday night. There Is no ordi
nance prohibiting women from standing
at the bars, but it can be made a police
regulation. Any women found at the bars
will be arrested for vagrancy.
"Al White's license expires Saturday.
He has applied for a renewal and I was
detailed to investigate. I went there la&t
night and found fifteen women in front
of the bar, some of them drinking. I
at once notified him of the new order of
things and unless he complies his license
will not be renewed. His place is oils of
the worst in the 'tenderloin' and is on
a par with* Billy Abbott's, George Somer
set's and others."
31 MARKET ST.. San Francisco.
FAILED TO BURY THE
BODY OF A DEAD NEGRO
Though Ordered to Do So, City Un
dertakers Turned It Over to a
Medical College.
The undertaking firm of Hagan Broth
ers, which has the contract for burying
the Indigent dead, is liable to get into se
rious difficulties with the Health Depart
ment. On April 7 last George Ramsey, a
negro, 24 years of age, died at the City
and County Hospital, and two days after
Hagan Brothers were notified by Superin
tendent Sussdorf to prepare Ramsey's
body for burial. Instead of carrying out
the order, the health officials say, the
body was turned over to the College of
Physicians and Surgeons for dissecting
purposes. '
As soon as the facts became known an
imperative order was issued to Hagan
Brothers by Health Officer O'Brien to re
cover the body and bury it forthwith.
Further action on the matter will be
taken at the next meeting of the board,
and the Hasans may be severely dealt
with.
Hereafter the resolution adopted by the
board that no unclaimed body shall be
sent to a college except on proper author
ity of the superintendents of county In
stitutions will be rigidly adhered to.
Sunday Lecture Association.
Benjamin Fay Mills will speak next
Sunday night at Metropolitan. Temple at
the meeting of the Sunday Lecture As
sociation. The subject will be "The Prob
lem of Immortality."
REPUBLICANS HOLD A
VERY TAME MEETING
A very tame meeting was held by the
Republican County Committee last even
ing. There was a large attendance, but
very little business to transact. The sec
retary was ordered to pay a number of
bills, and Chairman Bouvier appointed an
advisory committee. The appointees were
John Anern, Alpheus Duffee, P. V. Max
well, J. J. Morehouse and A. Ruef. The
latter gracefully declined the honor, be
lieving, he said, that certain members
would think he was trying to control the
deliberations of the County Committee.
Delegate Tilden tried to mollify the attor
ney by moving that, his declination be not
received, but at the earnest request of
Mr. Ruef the author of the motion with
drew it. The chairman then stated he
would announce Mr. Ruef's successor at
the next meeting. Tire resignation of J.
K. C. Hobbs was received and adopted.
At a meeting held last night by the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District Republi
can Club the following delegates were
elected to attend the League of Republi
can Clubs at Los Angeles on the 27th of
April: J. G. Terrill, William T. Howe,
William W. Sullivan, Frank Bell, P. L.
Archibald. William Conklin. William T.
Kibbler, D. H. Skillln. Thomas Morton.
Dr. \V. R. Dorr, Xathan Bibo, Gus Hart
man, David L. Reynolds, Thomas Kyle,
Charles F. Breidensteln, Daniel English.
ASKS THE GOVERNOR TO
INVESTIGATE CHARGES
State Board of Pharmacy Declines to
Remain Under a Cloud — Result
of f.n Inquiry.
Whereas, An article appeared In the San
Francisco Examiner of the 12th inst., contain
ing statements from individuals reflecting on
certain members of the California State Board
of Pharmacy, be it
Resolved. That the> president communicate
with his Excellency Governor Gage, asking
him to take the necessary steps for a complete
Investigation of the matter set forth In such
article and all matters relating thereto.
C. A. SIEFERT,
SAM L. WALLER.
The foregoing resolution was unani
mously adopted by the board sitting In
a body yesterday in its rooms at the Af
filiated Colleges. It was signed by the
two members who are alleged to have en
tered into a nefarious compact with a
mysterious person named "Dana," who Is
said to have come from Los Angeles.
An investigation was had by the board
into the charges of corruption. A num
ber of witnesses were examined, but noth
ing was elicited to show that a criminal
act had been committed by any member.
William R. Searby, president of the State
Board of Pharmacy and dean of the Oali
fornia College of Pharmacy, conducted tnd
examination. There were also present S.
Oberdeener of Santa Clara, E. Baer of
Bakersfleld, A. G. Orena of Ventura, C. A.
Siefert of Oakland and Samuel L. Wal
ler, secretary and treasurer of the board.
William E. Perry told of his dealings
with Dana; Dr. Houston of Santa Maria
said he knew Dana in Memphis by, the
name of Hart; L. E. Chapln, a Los An
geles printer, told how he had been
coached by the mysterious person; Al
Hoag, manager of the Grand Hotel phar
macy, told what he knew of the case, but
he threw no light on the identity of the
alleged go-between or implicated any of
the members with dishonest actions. A
young man named Pelton told how he had
paid Dana for coaching him and the ex
amination was concluded. .Attorney Strat
um arrived in time to help frame the reso
lution which is quoted, and which was
ordered sent at once to the chief execu
tive.
Secretary Waller made the following
statement at the close of the lnvestiga
tion;
The investigation was a complete refutation
and vindication. My. name was never men
tloned In any possible way. The personal Bpltf
of the president of the board is. I am satisfied
back of the whole affair. .He has fought
against me since I became secretary of the
board and has threatened to "do me." He has
tried to injure me heretofore, and I will yet
prove that he Is a party to the article which
appeared in the Examiner.
RUMORED CHANGE
IN RAILROAD'S
HIGH OFFICIALS
Southern Pacific Directors
Will Likely Meet Here
Two Members Necessary for a Quo
rum Said to Be on Their Way
Out From New York
City.
There is a feeling of unrest again In the
railroad building. . When the new board
of directors was elected last week It wa3
generally understood that Its first meet
ing would take place in New York and
that no changes were contemplated in
the personnel of the company's, officials.
Now comes the story, pretty well authen
ticated, that the board will meet here
within ten days and that there will be a
general shake-up in some of the offices.
The story is denied by Uuntington in a
general way. but the rumor is so persist
ent that there appears to be something
back of it.
There are only four of the eleven di
rectors in the city at the present time.
They are: C. P. Huntington. H. E. Hunt
ington, D. O. Mills and John W. Mackay.
It is stated on excellent authority that
two other members of the board are now
on their way Westward, and as soon as
they arrive the meeting will 'take place.
Just what the changes will be no one can
now say. There has been a story on the
street for some time that Secretary
Wright is to be superseded, but of course
this is denied.
President Huntington has been, ever
since his arrival in town, hard at work
looking over the several departments, and
he alone' probably knows what changes
are to be made. It is not improbable
that some of the proposed changes are to
be made to please new interests in thft
road.
HEARING OF
MARCEAU CASE
IS HASTENED
Attorneys Want a Decision
at Once on the Kidnap
. ing Charge.
Mrs. Fennell Says That She Has
Been Approached by \ Parties
in Hopes of a Reconcilia
tion.
Er>eclal Dispatch to The pall.
LOS ANGELES. April 12.— As sufficient
time has elapsed since the warrant was
served on April 1 on Mrs. Amanda J.
Fiske-Marceau-Fennell that caused her
return from Bakersfleld with her little
son, Theodore Marceau Jr., whonvshe was
charged with kidnaping, a new feature
was to-day added to the case. In order
to bring this charge of felony. Instituted
by her former husband. Colonel Marceau,
to a definite conclusion, the attorneys for
Mrs. Marceau have decided to press the
matter for a hearing. Instead of waiting
until April 20, the case has been called for
to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock in the
court of Justice James. Senator White
and Attorney Pendleton say they will
force the issue and will clear the matter
of its present entanglements, so that if the
final merits of the points involved cannot
be determined here the groundwork will
be laid for the final struggle in Judge
Troutt's court, set for April 23, In San
Francisco.
Mrs. Marceau daily visits her boy at the
Westminster, through the stipulation en
tered into before Judge York. The meet
ings do not prove moments of pleasure to
the mother. . She shows many signs of
distress and that the ordeal ia taxing her
strength. The baby boy begs for his
mother to take him. He repeats his words
of love for her.
"I want to go with you," he said to-day,
"and live in your house, mamma, because
I love you. I want you to take me away,
as it is nicer where you are."
To-night Mrs. Marceau said that she
had been approached by parties whom she
believed represented Colonel Marceau in
the hope that a reconciliation might fol-
New Rules for Plasterers.
The Laborers Protective Association has
cheerfully accepted the new rules formu
lated last December by the Plasterers
Union. These are that on and after tha
first Monday in May the members of . th *
labor union will work eight and a half
hours per day. Henceforth work will
commence at 7:40 o'clock in tne mornins
and continue until 5:10 o clock in the
afternoon: thus making up the thlrt>
mlnutea extra. These arrangements are
satisfactory to all partlei concerned.
JUDGE JAMES IS
TURNED DOWN BY
JUDGE DE HAVEN
Department of Justice Calls
for a Most Thorough
Investigation.
Manner of Handling Deportation
Cases in Santa Clara County
to Be Submitted to the
Searchlight.
As a result of the Palo Alto scandal and
the manner in which Chinese deportation,
and slave women cases have been handled
in Santa Clara County the Department
of Justice at Washington has ordered a
thorough investigation. Reputable wit
nesses tell of highbinderism and black
mail and these stories smirch the reputa
tions of various attorneys and judicial of
ficers.
A decision handed down yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven in
the matter of the habeas corpus applica
tion on be' iof See Ho How, alias How
Tim. rev..-.. _, United States Commission
er James' order of deportation and re
stores How to liberty.
After stating the facts Judge dd Ha
ven's decision says:
It Is apparent from these recitals that the
Commissioner found, as a fact, that the peti
tioner is In possession of a certificate of resi
dence issued to him by the proper officer, and
the Judgment of deportation Is based solely
upon the finding that such certificate was pro
cured to be issued by fraud and misrepresen
tation and by false testimony.
In my opinion the Commissioner was without
jurisdiction to find or adjudge that the issu
ance of the certificate referred to was procured
by fraud.
It is very clear that under this statute each
Collector of Internal Revenue was charged
with the duty of ascertaining and determining
whether the Chinese person applying to him
for the certificate of residence "provided for
was entitled thereto; and I am entirely satis
fied that In any collateral inquiry concerning
the right of its holder to remain in the United
States such certificate is conclusive evidence of
the facts recited therein. The certificate pro
vided for is the solemn act of the Government,
and is issued for the purpose ot furnishing
evidence of the right of the "holder to remain
in the United States, and the right which It
confers Is a valuable one. of which the holder
can only be deprived by the judgment of a
court of equity In a direct action brought by
the United States for the purpose of annulling
the certificate, or In a proceeding for deporta
tion, by proof that since its Issuance the
holder has forfeited his right to remain In the
United States by departing thererrom without
procuring from the Collector of Customs of the
district from which he departed a certificate
entitling him to re-enter the United States, In
accordance with article 2 of the treaty of
March 17. 1554. between the United States and
China, and the regulations adopted by the
Treasury Der-artment for the purpose of carry
ing out th«> provisions of that article.
As the Commissioner did not have Jurisdic
tion in the proceeding before him to adjudge
that -petitioner's certificate was procured by
fraud, his finding In relation to such fraud,
and so much of the judgment as directs the
cancellation of the certificate, must be utterly
disregarded.
The Judgment of deportation In this case
must be held vo'd in the extreme sense because
It appears upon the face of the judgment that
the petitioner is in possession of an uncan
celed certificate of residence, which. In the ab
sence of a finding that he subsequently depart
ed from the country and thereby forfeited the
rlßht conferred by such certificate, entitles
him to remain In the United States.
The Commissioner having found facts which,
under the law, show that petitioner has the
right to remain in the United States, the Judg
ment that he be deported is absolutely void,
as much co as would be a judgment of convic
tion upon a verdict of not guilty. r.- .'
The petitioner I? discharged.
SAT READING IN A
CHAIR AND EXPIRED
Sudden Death of a Colusa Man Who
Came to This City to Settle
an Estate.
JAMES L. SANDERSON, a sporting
man from Colusa, died suddenly yes
terday morning while Bitting In a chair
in a saloon at the corner of Eddy and
Leavenworth streets. Sanderson had en
tered the place about 7 o'clock in the
morning and was apparently in good
health. He ordered a drink from the bar
keeper, and after drinking sat in the chair
and read the morning paper. No attention
was paid to the man until about an hour
later, when he slid from the chair to the
floor. The barkeeper picked him up, and
noticing that the man was helpless sent
for a doctor, but before medical aid could
be had it was found that the man was
dead. i
Deceased had been in this city for about
two weeks. He came from Colusa to ad
minister upon en estate of a relative who
died recently and left a small piece of real
estate in San Francisco.
Sanderson was a native of England and
about 65 years old. The Coroner was no
tified and the body was removed to the
SIGN PAINTER ENDS
HIS LIFE BY.POISON
Frank L. T. Merwin Leaves a Mote
Saying No Woman Is Responsible
for His Death.
AT 11:30 o'clock "Wednesday night a
stranger engaged a room in the
lodging house at 317 Third street,
paying 25 cents for the night. At 9
o'clock 'yesterday morning he was found
dead in bed by Mrs. Lamber, the land
lady, who went to his room to awaken
him.
When Messenger Flanagan and Deputy
Coroner Brown searched the room they
found an empty pill box and the card of
A. J. Brannigan, druggist, corner Third
and Folsom streets. On the back of the
card, scribbled in pencil, was the follow
ing:
¦ For God's Bake don't blame a woman for
this ' scandal, for they are as blameless as the
King of Tlmbuctoo or the Kins of the Fiji Isl
ands. I picked this up on the floor of this
room. There is no other besides myself respon
sible.
Deputy Brown visited Brannigan's drug
store and was informed that a man an
swering the description of the deceased
had entered the store on the previous
evening and ordered a box of pills to be
made up for him, the ingredients being
nux vomlca, phosphorus and extract of
damiana.
The black derby hat of the deceased
was found on the floor and inside it were
several scraps of paper and a lead pencil.
Only the following was decipherable:
Bury me In the Potter's Field with the fools
that have gone before. I hope- the party that
is responsible for this will live long and pros
perous. You will probably have to get a China
man to translate this, as I am writing: It in
the dark. Yours in F. &A. M. & F. L. T.
MERWIN.
On the bosom of his shirt was written:
If you should find any marks on my clothing
corresponding with marks of the San Fran
cisco Laundry, to save trouble they were laun
dered in Sacramento 1849 B. C.
The unknown Hell & Heaven Is Woman.
Good-Bye.
The body was last night Identified at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
SS-5K "S3 SS? SKgHaBS
menta she can no longer trust nia bw <¦ .
when cotning through second parties ana
without her solicitation or request.
Rp^ ,WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RKXOWSED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Plerca sar» to
the public th* most remarkable remedy «r«r
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture Thousands of sufferers haT»
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance, and thousands of others
ore now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss U different from all others. It does thai
work!
Tou can »et our "BOOKLET No. V by call-
ln» at the office, or It will be sent on receipt ot
a t-cent stamp. It tells all about this Trusa.
A res*.
Specialists for Men.
rr^-irVTATTOX AND ADVICE FRSB.
i Bicycling caps i
W\ Here is your chance, whether you ride a "bicycle or ffc]
!H not — you want a cap, especially when you can get one fP
||| We have made the caps from the remnants from our raj
Hi tailoring department. The cloth is useless except for tfj
!||- caps. All we charge you is for the making — that's EM
M You can get the caps in all colors in rough and frj
|| smooth finished materials. They are like other 50c caps. h\
wM Out-of-town orders filled— write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2. W[
fl 718 Market Street. ?|J
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market Street (Ocposlts Palace liotai)
San Francisco. *
Eastern Otncc— New York City.
r cilciCe Conducted undsr thf
——-^——' American and Euro--
cincl ptan pians « and in a
_^^____ mm __ manner that will sit-
U Panel an* particular taste.
1400 rooms—9oo with
tt 'j. 1 baths.
Hotels I
8POCKHPS.
Ppfrp-C Htzla-Huia Rocker: Centrtfursi
IIIWAL 3 g»n4 Pumps: Machinery. PARKE
& LACT CO.. n Fremont st.
OILS.
LrBniCATTNO Oil Crude On «ti4 <Jaa«Hß».
ENKION * MracFFICK. tt Ppear «t-. 8. T.
THE GREAT EASTER EDITION
...OK THE...
OUT APRIL 15th.
J6 Pages in Color, j* & 9 full-page illustrations.
Ea.h a perfect art ?em.' Amon? ths artists who
have worked specially for this Issue are : : : : : :
a: bradshaw, n. Gertrude:
• clark. methfessel. tebbB.
ROSS. DODGE AND KELLY.
THE STORIES ARE ALL OF GREAT J
f HUMAN INTEREST. *.
THE PEACE -CONFERENCE— Poem by
Madge Morris. Illustrated by Meth-
fcssel.
WHAT SORT OF A MAN WAS
CHRIST? A Study of the Physical.
Side of the Man-God.
THE CEREMONIES AT THE VATI- .
CAN. — By Genevleve Greene. '
WHAT SOME OF OUR SOCIETY I
GIRLS WILL WEAR. EASTER DAY.
THE PASSING OF GENERAL BID- .
WELL, One cf California's Most ¦
Unique Characters. ¦> ¦ - • i
THE TROUBLES OF A TICKET-
TAKER AT THE FERRY. Illus-.
trated by Dodge,
Altogether the Most Magnificent Paper of the Day. X X X *i
ORDER NOW. ORDER NOW.
WITH THE LIFE-SAVERS AT THE
BEACH. ¦
MRS. McKINLET IN THE WHITE
HOUSE. Special Poses for the Sun-
day Call.
THE SORROWFUL CHRIST. Poem by
Mrs. i Edwin D. Markham.
PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE FOLLOW-
ING FAMOUS PAINTINGS IN THE
NATIONAL MUSEUM AT NAPLES;
AT THE DOOR OF THE SEPUL-
CHEB, by Rubens: THE MAGDA-
LENE, by Guerclno; ON CALVART,
by Bernadlno Gottl: JESUS ON THE
CROSS. ¦. by Van Dyke.
COMING FROM THE EASTER SER-
. VICE. Full-page Drawing by ; Gor-
don Ross.
Illustrated Back Cover, "TWO LITTLE
CHICKS." by Miss Bradshaw; and a
most attractive front page, "SPRING
: BONG." by Tebbs.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL. Gold Paving Machine. J!> Fol-
mrm ~ir**t. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
lA/. X. HESS,
KOTAHJT POJuiJ ASj AliwlihtJf-Ar-LAW.
Teati Floor. Room 1015, Claua Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown S3L
Residence. £21 California ex... below Powell.
E&n Francisco.
For Asiatic Commerce Commissioner.
The trustees of the Chamber of Com
merce have indorsed Hon. John Barrett
for a position on the Asiatic Commerce
Commission if the bill for the creation of
such a body be passed by Congress Tho
purpose of the proposed commission Is to
study the commercial and Industrial con
ditions of China and Japan and report aa
to the opportunities of the market 3 thers
for the raw and manufactured products
of the United States as recommended by
President McKinley In his report to Con
gress In IS9S. Mr. Barrett is ex-Minlster
to Slam and Is wetl Informed as to th»
conditions in the Orient, having made nev
era.l trips into China and Japan when ha
was Minister. If he Is selected he stands
a good chance of, being made chairman of
the commission. The Commissioners ar»
to be selected from the five jrreat geo
graphical divisions of the United States.
TENTS AND OVERS.
NEVILLE * CO.. manufacturers, bag*, t«ttta>
•orers. tl and SI California tv
FU»S
run coats and roues for cape nome.
ALBERT HOEFLJCH. lIS Grant are.
ENGINES. BriLERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Eorines and notlers:
lowest prices on th* coast. Pine * Davis «t».
Bost Gets His Liberty.
The case of John Bost, a colored barber
of Oakland, charged with a felony for en
ticing from her home for : immoral pur
poeses Lottie Robb, a white girl not yet
17 years of age, wa* dismissed by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. The girl admitted
that she had been wayward before meet-
Ing Bost, and the Judge was compelled to
five him his liberty. '
GASOLINR E*G!NE«.
HKncULKS GAP ENGINE WOItKS Is filling
many onJers for Nome. 141-14S First «t.. S. F.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
ErnNHAM-STANDKFORD CO.. Washington
and J«t «t» . Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. 8. F.
Charged With Murder.
Mamie Layden, 1155 Folsom street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Fritz's court yes
terday charting Wayne Harris with mur
der. She is the Bitter of Andrew Layden,
the messenger boy who was fatally
stabbed by Harris during a fight at 205
Sutter street about two weeks ago. The
Coroner's Jury brought In a verdict of
manslaughter.
FLA" ES FO* SAVING GOLD.
FrrmezVin A Ranidge. S Hardle olae*. off
K-j-ry, between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BEI.L. Central Plating Works. kU Ml«-
»ton st.. S. r. Phone Jessie XL
LIQUORS-
WHIQI^FV J* CAHEN ft BON.
TT lIIOIIL I , 4U Sacramento.
Or.OCFRIES A^D PROVISIONS
Octttp racked. IRVINE BROS.. 676 Howard.
tc& Fourth. UC2 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
MATTISOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Lcrg t- jr.. riffles and carpet combined aarea
placer rold. VAN WINKLE. 411 Market at.
GOL • SEPARATOR.
Creloae Ocld Separator and Amalgamator In
eally operation. Wm. H. Birch * Co.. U» Ist.
RECOMMENDS POLITICAL ARTICLES
IN THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Editor The Call — Dear Sir: I note with
pleasure the extended programme of The Call* 9
Home Study Circle.
In providing wholesome
and instructive, rather
than sensational and un
profitable reading mat
ter, The Call is indeed. to
be commended.
In particular have I been
impressed with the excel
lency of the articles on
''American Political Par
ties. ' ' A thorough study
of these lessons ought to
give every reader a better
insight into the present
political situation, and,
REV. E. NELANDER.
incidentally, fit him for a more intelligent
exercise of suffrage. Sincerely yours,
E. NELANDER,
Pastor First English Lutheran Churoh.
San Francisco, March 31, 1900.
MARSH STEAM -PUMPS
**cn>!r fresh or «alt water for slutc* boxaa;
fclrb or low lifts. filmcn<J». tt Market St.
EXPKRIMENTAL MACHINERY S MODELS.
L PETKRSON W4A Mission. S. F. : communi-
cations from inventors strictly confidential.
D»EIKJI v a PLMPS.
Oil. OaKollne. eteam Hoists. Centrifugal Pomps.
Er.rlE-fiH .llrr«. HendyMach.Wks.,4« Fremont.
Storm Has Gone South.
According to reports from the Weather
Bureau the rain of the last few days has
passed to the south. Indications were
that during last night there would be
ehowers in the upper end of the San Joa
quir. Valley and in the southern part of
the State. In Central and Northern Cali
fornia the weather was clear.
CAPE NOME ENGINES.
p"OTR more of ihtmi small, light-weight Nome
engines have arrived from Cast; call soon.
Rlx Engineering and Supply Co., EIJ Howard.
Ladies' fine kid ties, worth $1 75 for 60c
a pair r ' the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market.*
Pacific Commercial Museum.
Applications for membership In the Pa
cific Commercial Museum continue to
come In, and the executive committee la
actively appointing sub-committees to
place tne plan of the work before the dif
ferent commercial interests. In addition
to the committees already publishfd oth
ers are being formed daily and additional
lists will shortly be given out.
Headquarters have been established In
rooms 2 and 8. sixth floor. Mills building,
where subscriptions may be handed In at
any time. Full information covering tha
scope and purposes of tha museum work
will be given there.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. tU Sixth Strnrt.
BYRON JACKSON.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS j
I/DAPU * Drake Amalgamators, operat-
rVrvUvJil lcr dally; 1 10-Hp. r*»ollne «n-
rloe cheap. I Etevenson. S. T.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Suit Against Biscuit Company.
Minnie Hlllebrand, as administratrix of
the estate of Minnie Bernlco McClellan,
a young girl who was killed on February
7 by falling through an elevator shaft In
the building occupied by the Standard
Biscuit Company, has brought suit against
the latter company to recover $10,000 dam
ages find costs of suit. It is alleged that
the girl's death was due to carelessness
cf the firm in not affording proper guards
for the shafts.
(\ fl fP nnif I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOWL ssa'as
Will U lIVIIIU [n Overcoats and
Valit es i -edced free.
the restful tcnlc. that quiets .nerves, induces
slumber, brings appetite and strength to those
weakened by illness, is the preparation of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, which fact
guarantees Us quality. Sold by all druggists.
Wills Filed for Probate.
The will of Oswald Rothmaler, late su
perintendent of the Western Sugar Re
finery, who died April 6. 1900, was filed for
probate yesterday. Deceased's property
aggregates about $30,000 in stocks, per-
Bonal property and real estate. The be
quests are to Vlctorine . Rothmaler,. the
widow of the deceased.
The will of Edward T. Donnelly, who
died April 5. 1300, was filed for probate
yesterday. Donnelly's estate consisted of
personal and real i«roperty to the value
of JH>,OOO, which he bequeaths to his wife,
jvate F. Donnelly; his nephew, Patrick T.
Donnelly, and his cousin, M. L. Con
nelly, Ehare and share alike.
The will of John Green, who died March
29, 1900, leaving an estate of $3000, was also
filed. The bequests are: To -Mary E. Mc-
Devitt a house and lot at 211 Fifteenth
Btreet, with a request that she convert the
estate into cash and placo a certain
amount in bank for minor relatives.
Carrie M. Allen, who died March 25, left
an estate of SsOOO to Norma E. Short, a
daughter, and two cousins.
PASSED BODIES
IN THE OCEAN
NEAR THE HEADS
Queer. Report of the British
Cruiser Arethusa at
Victoria.
The General Opinion Is That Seal
Hunters Lost Their Lives in
the Wake of the Man-
Did the British cruiser Arethusa run
down a boat containing three men sent
on a hunting expedition from a sealing
schooner, or did she sight the remains of
three sailors drowned in the wreck of a
coaster? This was the one topic of con
versation on 'change yesterday.
A dispatch from Victoria, B. C, says:
"The Arethusa, arriving at Esquimau to
day, reports passing three bodies, evi
dently of male Europeans, floating just off
San Francisco on April 7. There was no
wreckage in the vicinity, although it is
presumed the corpses were from some
foundering sailing ship. There was a
heavy gale blowing and it was impossible
to Investigate."
The consensus of opinion was that the
man-of-war ran down a sealing boat and
sent the seal hunters to Davy Jones' lock
er without a thought of rescue. The old
timers reason in this way.
The men, according to the dispatches,
were in oilskins and long rubber boots.
The boots alone would be enough, when
filled with water, to take a body down and
anchor it forever. The fragments of a
boat run down by a big vessel would make
a certain showing on the crest of a wave,
while seal hunters would keep above
water long enough to enable the men- on
the afterdeck of the Arethusa to see and
describe the unfortunates.
The report from the Arethusa says that
the bodies were sighted about sundown
Saturday night. All of Saturday It blew a
gale and during Its continuance the pilot
boat Grade S carried away her mainmast
head and made port under difficulties. The
Lady Mine was hove to under short can
vas and Pilot Meyer was thrown out of
his berth and rolled across the cabin
again and again, finally bringing up
against the etcve. He is now going
around on crutches and it may be weeks
before he goes to sea again. Several small
boats— the Frolic, Bonita and Rover
started for Nome on Saturday but put
back on account of the gale and did not
leave again until Sunday. There is not
an overdue among the coasters, and not I
one of the fleet now out could have been
anywhere near Point Reyes on the 6th
inst.
¦m
FROM SEA
AND SHORE
Sealing schooners have constantly been
reported during the past fortnight on the
coast. All of them have made good
catches and all or nearly all have lost at
least a boat's erew — three men. One boat's
crew was landed at Eureka; another was
picked up by the steamer Crescent City
and landed at Crescent City, while a third
was picked up by the Noyo and brought
to San Francisco.
Judging from these facts the old timers
have come to the conclusion that the Are
thusa ran down a boat lost from a sealr
ing 'schooner and that the three sealers
lost their lives because the weather was
too heavy to launch a boat.
Sailing of the Alaska.
The bark Alaska was booked to sail for
Cape Nome to-day, but the passengers
urought a pull to bear and Captain Cogan
postponed the sailing hour until 10 a. m.
to-morrow. The 13th of the month and
Good Friday at that was too much for
•even the most hardened gold-hunter and
one and all backed down when it was an
nounced the bark would sail to-day.
Captain Cogan, who went whaling in the
Alaska last year, is in command of the
vessel, while Captain Green, formerly
master of the steam whaler Alexander,
chief officer and Captain. Lew Williams,
formerly master of the whaling brig Hl
ualgo, is a passenger. All three men will
put their knowledge of the arctic into a
common pool, and an attempt will be
made to reach the gold fields a month
ahead of all comers.
Those who will sail on the Alaska to
morrow are:
C. Champion. R. Champion, A. E. Bredull. J.
P. S. Johnson. Gustave Anderson. C. E. Wln
stedt, A. SJoJren, Charles A. Anderson, J.
Dahl, C. O. Peterson. J. Arvldson. S. H. John
son, J. "IV. Poston, F. Cullen. W. Dwyer, C.
Wlllard. D. W. Pass, M. Marsden. J. N.
Thompson, A. Dunsmoore, J. R. Westlake, F.
Slater, J. A. Calkins, A. O. Calkins, Henry
Dorinc, George Whltmlre, I. D. Cane. Charles
Ross, George 11. Pallard. S. F. Pallard, F. \V.
Birmingham. J. Y. Thompson, H. Assmus. J.
Fielder. P. Mlllane. R. Turney, C. A. Wright,
I>. C. Wllhelm, W. R. Jenkins, Robert Guest
and J. Dowd.
Captain Cogan has spared no expense
in putting the Alaska into first-class or
der for the passage, and if the passen
gers are not first at Cape Yorke, Golovln
Bay and Nome it will not be his fault or
those associated with him in the venture.
Irrawaddy Arrives at Last.
The steamer Irrawaddy, purchased by C.
D. Lane in the East for the Cape ' Nome
trade, reached port yesterday. She was
eighty days coming from Philadelphia,
and had to put into Bermuda with her
knlghtheads started and twelve feet ot
water In the forchold and three feet In
the second hold. Part of the cargo was
discharged and the vessel proceeded to
Coronel, where she was overhauled. The
passage from Coronel to San Francisco
was uneventful.
The Irrawaddy is a good stout ship of
2622 tons burden, and is In good condi
tion with the exception of her boilers,
which, require overhauling. She will dis
charge at Harrison-street wharf, and
will then be fitted out for the Nome
trade as speedily as possible.
Water Front Notes.
The Italian ship Emanuele Accame, 146
days from Hamburg; the British ship
Chiltonford, 116 days from London; tne
French bark Marthe Reux, 129 days
from London, and the British ship Bal
moral, 130 days from Antwerp, all made
port yesterday afternoon. The voyages
of all of them were uneventful.
The controlling Interest, flfteen-slx«
teenths, in the barkentine Ruth was sola
to John Rosenfeld's Sons yesterday for
$7600. A hoodoo seems to hang over the
vessel, whlc«* a change of ownership may
efface. She was formerly the bark
Sharpshooter, and was dismasted off tha
coast of Ceneral America while on her
way here with a cargo of nitrate. Th«
hull was sold to American parties, who
changed her Into a barkentine. Since
that time she has never made a dollar for
her owners. x
Frank Huber, well known on the Stock*
ton steamers, was receiving the congratu
lations of his friends on the front yester
day. After a very successful examination
he received his "chief's" papers, and Is
now qualified to take charge of the en
gine room of any vessel that sails in and
out of the Golden Gate
THE BRITISH CRUISER ARETHUSA IN SATURDAYS GALE
With this interrogation in regard to the
witness' moral sense and his reverence
for oaths the cross-examination ended for
the time and Simpton was again passed
back to the defense.
Redirect Examination Begun.
Garret McEnerney took the witness on
redirect examination.
"What record did you make of mar
riages when you married people In Sausa
lito?" began McEnerney;
"I never kept any, but I gave them a
certificate. They always brought their
license and on these were certificates
which I filled out and these I Hied with
the Recorder of the county and returned
them to the parties," said the witness.
The court adjourned until Monday, 11
a. m., in the midst of a long legal argu
ment between McEnerney and Charles
Pence.
turns green it Is useless. Should reduc
tion appear to stop add more of the ferri
cyanide solution, of course removing the
negative first from the bath and seeing
that the latter Is well mixed before the
negative is returned.
There are dozens of ways by which the
process of intensification can be per
formed, but for the average individual I
consider a one solution intenslfler the
best. It is a little more troublesome to
prepare, but It is exceedingly simple to
use, and, above all, one can see just what
is going on and can therefore tell when
density is sufficient. The following: are
the details of the process.
Prepare a saturated solution of bichlo
ride of mercury in water— that Is, dis
solve as much of the bichloride as the
water will take up. This can be done by
placing an ounce of the chemical In a
twelve or sixteen ounce bottle and filling
it with water. An occasional shake will
help solution, which proceeds very slowly.
The solution should be marked "poison."
Then dissolve one and one-quarter ounces
of iodide of potassium in six ounces of
water. The first solution should be poured
into the iodide a little at a time. A red
precipitate will at once form, which will
dissolve on shaking the bottle. A point
will be reached when the forming red
precipitate will no longer dissolve by
shaking, and when that happens no more
of the mercury must be poured in. Be
careful not to add more than will be
Just enough to make the solution very
slightly turbid. Now add one ounce of
hyposulphite of soda, and when this has
dissolved add enough water to the solu
tion to make the total bulk twenty ounces.
For use this should be diluted with about
three parts of water. If the ptate haa
not been thoroughly fixed the intensifying
solution will produce yellow stains. The
negative to be intensified should be soak
ed in clean water for about half an hour
and then Immersed in the intenslfler. It
will rapidly become denser, and the pro
gress can be watched by holding it up
and examining it with the sky for a back
ground. When dense enough the nega
tive should be washed and set aside to
dry. Should the intensification be over
done tt can be reduced by placing the
negative In the fixing bath for a short
time.
Another very excellent single solution
lntensifler is the platinum Inter.slfler,
which is manufactured by a Philadelphia
house. Full instructions accompany the
bottle, and the process is an exceedingly
simple one.
Local reduction and local Intensification"
may often be done with advantage. The
negative is placed in a horizontal posi
tion about a foot above a table, on which
is laid a sheet of white paper to reflect
the light upward. The solution Is applied
to the necessary spot by means of a small
brush. To prevent spreading it is thick
ened by the addition of a little ordinary
gum.
Local reduction may also be done by
taking a small piece of canton flannel op
cotton wool, dipping It in alcohol and rub
bing the spot gently. This abrades the
film and in point of fact is exactly similar
to sandpapering a piece of wood.
Among minor troubles may be Included
small transparent spots, which show very
distinctly on the prints as small black
specks. They are caused by particles of
dust on the film at the moment of expo
sure or by air bells on the film during 1
development. The remedy is to spot each
hole with opaque water color, applied
with the point of a fine brush or the point
of a toothpick chewed soft and brush
like.
The film sometimes feels rough after It
is dry. This is due to the presence of
sand In the washing water. It can be
avoided by holding the plate under tho
tap after washing Is finished and going
over the film with a wad of cotton wool
or .the palm of the hand.
Note— Four very attractive Illustrated
studies will follow. The topics are "The
Composition of a Picture." "Portralturo
at Home." "Photographing Interiors" and
"Landscape Photography.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Par
ties.
Tuesdays — Twenty Lessons in
French Conversation and Recent Sci
entific Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Studies
for Girls.
These courses will continue until
May 31, 1900. Examinations will be
held at their close as a basis for the
granting of certificates. c^
XL — IMPROVEMENT OF NEGA
TIVES.
BY f. DUNDAS TODD
What is a perfect negative? It Is exceed
ingly difficult to give a good definition,
but this may do as well as any. A nega
tive Is perfect when it gives the exact
kind of print the photographer wants.
Some men want all their pictures to be
clear, crisp and full of detail, no matter
what the state of the atmosphere at the
moment of exposure, while others en
deavor to get gray, smudgy effects under
exactly similar conditions. A perfect
negative In one man's hands would be a
failure In those of another.
But another point to be considered Is
the printing of the picture. Photographers
have much choice as to the printing me
dium, but unfortunately the same nega
tive will not give equally good prints with
all kinds of papers. Glossy papers tend to
give contrasting effects, therefore the neg
atives for such paper must Incline to flat
ness. Matt papers, all "gaslight" printing
papers, such as Velox, Dekko, Vlnco, etc.,
and platinotype papers, on the other hand,
require contrasty negatives, as they tend
to flatness. So during development we
must always keep the printing process in
mind if we hope to get a negative that
will approach perfection.
At this point It may be necessary to de
fine a few common terms so that there
may be no misunderstanding as to my
meaning. A "contrasty" or "vigorous"
negative is one where there Is a very de
cided deposit of silver on the high lights
or white objects and a very thin deposit
in the shadows. If the contrast be ex
cessive the print will show lack of detail
In the high lights when the shadows are
sufficiently printed, or If the high lights
are long in printing the shadow detail will
be lost by overprinting. A "flat" negative
is the very reverse of a "vigorous" one.
Such a negative will have a liberal deposit
of silver all over, the result being a flat,
insipid print. A "dense" negative Is one
that has a liberal deposit of silver, and
is easily known by the fact that it takes
a very long time to print. A "thin" nega
tive is the opposite and prints too quickly.
But we may have a combination of these
characteristics, and we must be able to
recognize them all in order to • modify
them Judiciously. In short, we must rec
ognize the cause.
Underexposure will give contrast, but so
will overdevelopment. Overexposure tend 3
to flatness, but so does underdevelopment.
We may overdevelop an underexposed
plate and underdevelop ! an overexposed
plate and thus make matters worse. We
may have a very dense negative, that
takes a long time to print, and yet it may
give an excellent print because we partly
corrected overexposure by overdevelop
ment. But a dense negative that gives a
"contrasty" print indicates a correct ex
posure ruined by overdevelopment.
Suppose we take a batch of negatives
that are not giving satisfactory prints and
see if we cannot locate the trouble. It
might be wise to have a print beside us
for reference, as it will likely be a great
help. Our first negative gives us nice de
tail in the shadows, but the high lights on
the print are simply masses of white.
That is, the print is too "contrasty." Let
us now examine the negative by holding
it up to the sky or in front of a sheet of
white tissue paper, behind which is a
lamp or gas flame. Look carefully at the
high lights and see If there be detail pres
ent, and if so does it look as If it ought
to show in the print or is it lost In the
mass of deposit? If it seems as if it ought
to print and glossy paper has been used,
very likely a print on matt, plainotype or
a "gaslight" paper would be all that could
be desired. But if the detail be choked
up or a print on the papers Just mentioned
be unsatisfactory, then the contrast Is
due to overdevelopment and we must undo
part of that by the process known as "re
duction." This is described later on.
But the negative may be one that at no
stage shows detail in the shadows, yet
j one which takes a long time to print the
j high-light detail. An examination of the
I negative will show detail to be absent in
i the shadows. Here we have underexpos
ure combined with overdevelopment. The
only real remedy for this kind of negative
is a hammer, applied very indiscriminate
ly. Or the negative takes a long time to
I print, but the resulting picture is fair, or
I just a trifle contrasty. This indicates full
i o— -Tc->i-f. or,^ "'•»rrt' i \v'opment. Reduction
will Improve this kind of negative won
derfully.
Or the negative may take a long time to
print, yet the pictures turn out flat and
lifeless. This is a case of gross overexpos
i ure combined with overdevelopment, a not
i uncommon complaint. Reduction will im
prove such a negative and In a very bad
case we may carry the process sufficiently
far to get rid of some of the shadow de
tail, and then recover contrast by inten
sifying what is left.
The negative may print quickly, giving
plenty of detail everywhere, and yet the
picture be flat. This indicates underdevel
opment and the remedy is intensification.
We may have overexposure combined with
underdevelopment and In this case It is
wise to get rid of some of the shadow de
tail by reduction before proceeding to in
tensify.
It is now time to describe how to con
duct the operations of reduction and In
tensification. They are even simpler than
development, so there Wno reason why
any amateur cannot handle them success
fully. .' : i :
Reduction is usually accomplished by
means of potassium ferricyanlde, com
monly called red prussiate of potash. Re
member, please, that it is a rank poison.
To use It take a crystal about double the
size of a pea and dissolve it in about two
ounces of cold water. Then make up an
ordinary hypo fixing bath and add to it
enough of the ferricyanide solution to
make it a slight straw color. Immerse the
negative, previously soaked in water for
about a quarter of an hour, In this, and It
will rapidly lose density. The progress
may be watched by holding the negative
occasionally against the sky or the white
tissue paper heretofore described. When
sufficiently reduced the negative should
be as thoroughly washed as after an or
dinary fixing bath. One' point needs spe
cial notice. Daylight decomposes a solu
tion of ferricyanlde very rapidly and
therefore the tray should not be placed In
front of a window. Whenever the solution
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In arecrflanc* with the direction* of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
<3r>Kated representatives of the Republican
Party from the several States ass«-mble In Na-
tional Convention in the city of Philadelphia,
Siate of Pennsylvania, en TCESDAT, the 19th
day of June. A. D. l? 00. at 12 o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating candidates for
the offlco of President and Vice President of
the L'r.it»-d States, and for such other business
ts may l.c brought before said convention: and
in accordance with the instructions given by
paid National Committee, directing that the
Crngressional District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district, in the same
zr.anr.er aa the nomination of a Representatlv*
in Ccr.CTess is made in said district; therefore.
bs it
BMOIvM. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of eald
State, that the Congressional Committees of
Vie several Congressional District* cf the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Conpn Fsional Conventions of their Con-
er*seional I_>;stricts. to be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two deletcates shall be
. !;usen to represent each of nuch districts in
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEX-
" lON. to be held as aforesaid, and for the
eelection of two alternate delegates, to act in
cafe of the atsence cf the delegates first chosen.
Tba selection of the delegates of the Con-
rressioruu Convention shall be under the direc-
tion cf the Conrressloaal Committee of each
district, in accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided. That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
foJlowe, to wit: One delegate Xor each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District;
j-rcviaed. that where any Assembly District
embraces more than cne county there shall be
cne delegate for each county and fractional
jart of a county in such Assembly District,
and ooe delegate for each »iK> votes cast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor in I«VS. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of ISO votes or over.
It is further directed that the delegates
cnosea to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet in Btate Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of M /
I*oo. at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four deleßau*-
tt-larpe to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act in ca»e the delegates
•elected be absent, for the election of a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
euch further business as may be brought be-
fore the eald State Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary
elections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I be:i«ve In Republican principles and ln-
Corte the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKinley, and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the ensuing election."
It is further directed that contests must be
filed with the Secretary of the Ccnirresslonal
Committee in -writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of the oonteet. five days pre-
ceding the mating of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional Committee, with said Commlt-
Wt determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Becretary cf the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
day of May. 19<X>.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco. April
6. 1900. E. C. HART. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMEJTTS.
SIMPTON SHRUGS
HIS SHOULDERS
AT HIS PERFIDY
Not a Bold Witness on the
Stand, but a Very Cau
tious One.
i CroEs-Examination of I/afe Pence Is
, Concluded and the Sausalito
1 Recorder Is Passed Back
, . • to McEnerney.
O. W. Bimpton, tho Sausalito Recorder,
formerly a Justice of the Peace, Is a
, very phlegmatic person. He was on the
I witness-stand in the Fair case yesterday
' morning and afternoon, and although he
¦ played the target for a steady fire of
\ cross-questions they fell off his armor of
r Indifference like water from a duck.
» Not that Simpton was impregnable on
\ his testimony. He was inconsistent and
i unsteady at times, giving ground when
i ever hard pressed, and continuously
; seeking an asylum in lapses of memory.
. On the whole Simpton's testimony was in
i keeping with that of Sylva, and he made
8 the third of George Knight's famous trio,
t of which the other two members are
i Dunand and Bylva, Much time was con
; sumed yesterday in the reading of news.
I paper clippings and forcing the witness
t to admit that he delved deep In the mine
I of falsehood. Simpton cared not a whit,
> confessing his perfidy and propensi
; ties for falsehood without a blush. Later
; on in the day Lafe Pence brought thf Al
mighty into the play and wanted ?»
, know from the witness if lie had any fear
I for "here or hereafter." Simpton sniffed
f at both with agnostic indifference.
Just prior to the conclusion of Pence's
; cross-examination It looked for a minute
as if another secret paper was to be ln
; trodueed into the evidence. When Simp
, ton went to Knight on the memorable
: Thursday night in February Sylva, the
. engineer, sat down and drafted a copy of
an affidavit, the original of the midnight
• document. The Pence brotherhood want
! Ed this, but Sylva, who was present, de
• clared that it was torn to tatters at the
j time.
i Confession of Perfidy.
On "Wednesday forenoon, February 14,
i where did you go after you left the court
; house? was the first Question asked the
witness by Lafe Pence.
"To your office," was the answer.
After some further and more detailed 1
cross-questioning Simpton admitted that
his answer was Incorrect and that he had i
left the court that day in company with :
Lafe Pence, both going to the Navarre,
the place of Simpton's confinement, for
the purpose of an interview with the re- !
porters. During this interview Simpton '
stated the full particulars of the alleged i
; wedding ceremony. At that time he de«
i clared that he knew he had married the
j Senator and Mrs. Craven in July, IKK, but >
; was not sure of the exact date. As to the I
j secrecy of the marriage, Simpton ad- I
mitted that he said at the meeting: '
"Senator Fair wanted me to keep the fact \
iof the marriage from the world." The i
I full Interview, as reported in the papers !
lat the time, was read off in sections by '
Lafe Pence, who interrogated the witness j
on the truth and the facts of the state- !
ment.
Simpton's Confinement.
"Do you remember saying that until we
arranged for some bodyguard for you !
you would stay in the room?" ]
•Yes, Fir."
"And you stayed In the room all of
Thursday?"
"Yes, elr."
"And you didn't see Sylva from the Sun
day preceding to that time, or Joe Harvey
or Chief Lees?"
No, sir.
"And you didn't see me until 5 o'clock
that evening?"
"No. eir."
"And when I came Friday evening there !
were Charles Pence, two other men and i
Sylva in the crowd?"
"Yes, sir."
"After the Introduction of the two men,
I Messrs. McQuade and Caspar, did not I
I suggest that Sylva wanted to speak to you
alone?" .-.•¦ • ¦:
"Yes, sir, and we had a whispered con- j
j versatlon for some few minutes. When ;
I he finished he went out of the room. Sylva j
j returned later and Caspar wanted to i
know if I cared to go out. Sylva said that i
t he would take me to the fight pictures '¦
J and that he would be bodyguard enough. !
! It was about 6:30 or 6:15 p. m. when Sylva !
; and I left and we went directly to
• Knight's office."
"In the private conversation between I
you and Sylva did he tell you he had seen |
Mr. Knight and Joe Harvey?"
"Yes. sir."
"When you went to Knight's office was
any one else there but Knight and Sylva?"
"No, sir."
"Have you met the other attorneys of
the case?" (and Pence enumerated the full
list i. Tne 'answer of the witness was a
positive negative. He said he had not met
Lees, Curtin or any other party connected
with the case. :
"Were Knight and Sylva present when |
| the affidavit was drawn up?"
"Yes, sir."
"Had you been drinking before you went
to Knight's office?"
"No, sir."
"Who drew the affidavit?"
"Sylva did and Knight made a copy."
The latter is the paper referred to as the |
midnight affidavit.
Sylva Drafts Afiidavit.
Pence then called for the original which !
came from the hand of Sylva, and a re- I
cess was taken to telephone to Knight to j
produce it. Sylva was In the courtroom ;
and McEnerney asked him, "Have you i
the affidavit?"
"No; I tore it up In Knight's office that
night. It was only a draft."
A few moments before Sylva whispered
to McEnerney that Knight did not have
the paper, and that he (Sylva) had put it
in his pocket and carried it away, but im
mediately afterward Sylva claimed he did
not mean this. What he Intended to say
was that It was destroyed.
"Who wrote the first draft?" was the
next 6hot from Pence.
"Sylva, in presence of Knight and rhy- I
self, and then Sylva and Knight went j
into the other room and about fifteen mm- '
utes later came out with the affidavit, j
which I signed.".
81mpton was handed the affidavit, and
after reading it responded that no
changes had been made in it.
"Did not Knight say anything of this
kind to you, 'How is it you have sworn
to an affidavit and have given an inter
view to reporters stating that you had
married Senator Fair to Mrs. Craven?" "
"No, sir,", and when -pressed harder
Simpton weakly said: "I don't remember ]
his having said anything about it at all.
When he and Sylva returned from the
other room he asked me to read it over
and compare it with Sylva's original
draft, which I did, and found them the
same. We compared them, either Knight
or Sylva holding one, but my best im
pression is that It was Sylva.
A few more questions followed and the
affidavit was admitted as evidence and
labeled exhibit 21. .
No Fear of a Hereafter.
"Did not Knight say to you that 'Now
thajt this nefarious plot Is exposed you
ought to go to the District Attorney and
have this woman punished for perjury
and subornation or perjury?' " continued
Pence.
"No, sir; not aa far as Bylngton is con
cerned," was the response.
The witness was then interrogated
about his bodyguards— two of Curtln's
men— who have been tacked to his person
ever since the eventful day. Simpton said
he had no idea who was to pay for tho
guards and that he merely tolerated them.
Lafe Pence asked McEnerney who paid
for them, but McEnerney refused to an
swer. Pence made a long speech to the
court, but worked no results. McEnerney
said at the wind up: "Not meaning to
be Impolite and insulting, I say, with all
due deference to the attorney, 'It's none
of your business. "
"Have you any compunctions of making
a false oath? Does it cause you any un
easiness of mind or loss of sleep?" began
Pence on the conscience talk.
"No, sir. Not under the circumstances,"
was the lightning answer.
"Have you any idea of pains and pen
alties after this life?"
"Oh, I don't bother about that."
"Have you any fear^of here or here
after 7"'
"Oh. yes; same as other Deonla hava."
THE SAIS T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE HAMILTON-BANCROFT CO.
SALE STILL ON
Squares - $25.00 up
Uprights • $50.00 up
GUITARS. $1.00 ep j£\
VIOLIHS, j&^
$2.00 up J%y
\^^6^ ) tBAMDOLIIIS,
\&*£? J $2.00 up
*^ BANJOS, 50 CU. up
BYRON MAUZY
308-310-312 Post St.
9Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — ..' 4 88%
Sterling Cab1e5....... .— , 4 89%
New York- Exchange, 5ight....... '— ; 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per 0unce....... — . 69%
Mexican Dollars 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The local situation show* no
change.: - . t , "..,,,' V
Liverpool and Part* were both weaker.: Chi
cago was weak under the hammering of bear*
and I unfavorable : . foreign advices. f ; Continued
liquidation ln Corn weakened everything. -"At
the same time.' however, there wa* some export
demand - and . 100,000 - - bushels were • taken - for
Buenos Ayres, while 65,000 buthtla wero taken
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. April 12.— The fact that
to-day** adjournment of the Stock Ex
change was to be until next Monday and that
of the London Exchange until next Tuesday
prompted the closing up of epeculatlve. con
tract* to-day. Profeeslonal traders are averse
to keeping open contract* for so long a period
at any time, and at this time especially they
have ln mind the varying ztosslbllities of the
war in South Africa, the war ln the euear
trade, the showing to be made by the weekly
bank statement on Saturday and the possibility
of rold export* by Saturday** steamers. As
realizing has been going on to a large extent
this week most of the uncovered contracts were
on tine short side and the demand to cover
was an important factor ln rallying price*. In
addition the pools which exist ln a number of
stocks adopted aggressive tactics for an ad
vance, taking advantage of the disinclination
of the bears to extend their commitments on
the eve of the holiday. After the demand from
the ehorts had been eatirfied the p«ol manipu
lators began to find themselves alone in the
bldd'.ng for stocks, with a steadily augmenting
burden cf realizing rale* as prices reached the
higher level. The proces« of bidding up prices
was therefore discontinued and the market
lapsed Into comparative dullness and sluggish
ness. The Industrials moved quite Independ
ently of the general market and none of them
occupied a very conspicuous place In the trad-
Ing. The most notable movement of the day
was that in Missouri Pacific, which on buying
Fllcged to be for manipulative purposes was
carried up nearly four points and closed at the
top. This had a sympathetic effect on the
other member* of the Southwestern group.
Union Pacific was xerr heavily absorbed and
was carried up to 69. the other transcontinental
lines. Including the Atchison*, responding ln
6vrrp«thy.
The Baltimore and Ohio *toclw and the Nor
fork and Western stocks rose conspicuously,
ttie lorrztr an very Urge dealings and with
well-sustained strength. The granger* were
comparatively quiet. With the exception of
Baltimore and Ohio and Missouri Pacific gains
were not well maintained and the closing was
decidedly unsteady and below the best. The
industrials as a rule were heavy. Sugar, Peo
ple's Gas. FWeral Steel, the Steel and Wire
stocks and other stock* of the steel group
showing acute weakness -at different times.
Third Avenue showed the effect of disappoint
ment over the term* of the lease to Metro
politan. General Electric was an exception
and enjoyed a net gain of 3%. In spite of an
easing of the London money rate continuous
buying of stocks for London account and the
unprecedented balances ln this country's fa
vor, as disclosed by the March foreign trade
statement, sterling exchange moved up an ad
ditional fraction to-day and all of the usual
authorities are at a loss to explain the
movement. A favorable bank statement is con
sidered assured owing to the large gains ln
the sub-treasury, but ease ln the local money
market will facilitate gold exports. There was
moderate -activity and strength ln the bond
market. Total sales, par . value, $2,205,000.
United States ?a registered declined % In the
bid price. Prices of stocks have moved down
ward during the week, with the exception of a
few stocks affected by special features of
strength or which were manipulated to sustain
the general list for purposes of realizing. There
has been some liquidation, due in part to
the demand from bears to cover short contracts.
The market has been almost entirely ln the
hands of professional operators during the four
days on which business was done and prices
are not an Index to public sentiment regard
ing the business outlook. These stocks were
cold because the considerable advance ln prices
offered attractive profits to early buyers and
the question arose whether the rise had not
fairly discounted the prosperous conditions.
The character of some of the selling revealed
a conviction on the part of those with good
means of Information of the desirability or
realizing. The admission of Pennsylvania of
ficials that advantage had been taken of the
existing high level of prices to market some
of the stock ln the company's treasury was
accepted as a clear intimation that the price
of the stock had gone as high as was war
ranted. When speculative operators in other
stocks sought to take their profits they dis
covered that the semi-investment demand.
based on the dividend return offered by stocks,
had largely ceased at the high level attained
by some.
The jirofesEional bear traders are always on
the alert for such a ! condition of affairs, and
they have been prompt to take advantage of it
this week by selling stocks short and taking
the market away from those seeking to realize.
As conditions of business continue favorable. It
is fair to assume that the decline ln prices will
be arrested before the late advance has been
entirely wiped out. Already bear traders find
offeringe decreasing, ln volume on a decline, and
commission houses made bids for stocks at a
level below the market. The presence of an
aggressive bear element ln the market and the
reactionary tendency shown has prompted thoee
seeking to secure stocks to withdraw their buy
ing orders in the hope of getting ln at a lower
level of prices. The movement of 1 prices ln
come cases indicates that the bear aggression
is to afford opportunity for securing stocks at
lower prices ln greater volume than ia neces
sary for the mere covering of short contracts.
While these symptoms indicate that the limits
of the reaction are not far off, there is nothing
to Indicate whether a general advance will be
renewed. Speculative opinion evidently hesi
tates and waits for further developments to
point the way for a further movement. Great
uncertainty is felt regarding the future of the
money market. Last week's disappointing bank
statement has had a continuing influence, and
the mystery of the small increase ln cash re
serves in view of the heavy accretions by rea
con of cub-treasury operations remains unex
plained. The continued outgo of funds from
the sub-treasury to the market has, for this
reason, failed to have much influence on senti
ment.
Although rates for money this week have
continued low. Indicating easy conditions, there
has nevertheless been come calling of loans and
consequent shifting, which of necessity causes
ecrne disturbance ln the stock market. The
continued rise in sterling exchange toward the
gold export point has disturbed sentiment, aa
fears are enteitained that an outward move
mer.t of gold would stiffen the money. rate here.
As a matter of fact, a small shipment of gold
was made to Buenos Ayres on Tuesday, which
was for London's benefit and which ln effect
represented a control by London of the Inter
national exchange. This movement of sterling
exchanges has detracted from the effect of the
much-paraded London buying of American se
curities. Much mystery surrounds this move
ment. In New York it is attributed to foreign
er* who carry their holdings with money bor
rowed in New York. In London It Is attributed
to Americans who borrow money in London to
carry their holdings. Only very light shipment*
of securities from New. York to London can be
traced through the usual channels. It is re
ported, on the other hand, that the high-priced
American railroad stocks have been coming
home In larger volume.
There has been some demand for exchange to
pay the Installment due last Monday on the
British war loan by American subscribers, but
the amount called for is not sufficient to ac
count for the strength of sterling. This strength
Is the more remarkable, considering the foreign
trade balance, which has -again reached unpre
cedented figures for March. . according to the
results foreshadowed by the Government's pre
liminary figures.
This and last week's shrinkage ln the banks'
surplus reserve* has not availed to check the
upward movement of exchange. Uneasiness over
this development- has been a potent factor ln
causing hesitation In the stock market.
Business ln bonds ha* been on a diminishing
scale, but prices have been better sustained
than ln stocks.
United States new 4s declined %, 8s coupon
U and 3s registered % ln the bid price. Th*
old 4s and 6s advanced U.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* . -. Closing
Sold. Stocks— • Bid.
13.400 Atchison 27%
22. 1»» Atchison prefd 72H
13.142 Baltimore & Ohio 88'
Canadian Pacific ¦ $7%
300 Canada Southern 65U
12,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 33%
200 Chicago Great Western 13%
4.450 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 129
2,900 Chicago Ind and Louisville 27%
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 59%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 104
250 Chicago A Northwestern 162%
6.0G0 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 112%
3,200 C C C & St Louis 64
250 Colorado Southern t%
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd. 17
Delaware & Hudson 117
Delaware Lack & Western 179
100 Denver & Rio Grande 21
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72%
200 Erie >.¦ 13%
2.100 Erie Ist prefd 41%
252 Great Northern prefd ....162%
1,200 Hocking Coal 19&
430 Hocking Valley 39
372 Illinois Central 115%
300 lowa Central i%y.
100 lowa Central prefd 63%
300 Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf is
1,020 Lake Erie & Western 31%
-Lake Erie & Western prefd 98
Lake Shore ." 200
6.140 Louisville & Nashville ss
7,690 Manhattan L 97%
3,642 Metropolitan Street Railway 165%
400 Mexican Central 13^4
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 67
•7,835 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96
Missouri Pacific EB*i4
SOO Mobile & Ohio '. ;... 46%
10.520 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11%
COO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd '37%
1,494 New Jersey Central HB%
19.154 New York Central 136%
4,195 Norfolk & Western 37%
11,600 Norfolk & Western prefd.. 7g%
2.6<v) Northern Pacific 60%
1,690 Northern Pacific prefd ; 77
Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway Sz Nay 42
Oreron Railway & Nay prefd 76
15,610 Pennsylvania ......159%
450 Reading ..:..........¦..„ 1914
6,220 Reading Ist pr*fd... ez%
200 Reading. 2d prefd SZh^
Rio Grande western... 63%,
Rio Grande Western prefd..........: 89
100 St Louis Sc San Fran.... ...- uu
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd....;.. 79
100 St Louis Sc San Fran 2d prefd 37%
220 St Louts Southwestern T. ....12%
C.600. St Louis Southwestern prefd......... 36
1,800 St Paul ........123%
St Paul prefd ....172%
St Paul & Omaha .117 ¦'.
ARRIVED.
J. -•¦'* Thursday. April 12.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 13 hour* from Eu
reka.
Stmr Queen. Jensen. 59 hour* from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 20 hours from. Monte-
Stmr Noyo. Fosen, IS hour* from Fort Bragg.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. 35 hours from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr Irrawaddy. Wicks. 80 day* from Phila
delphia and way ports.
Stmr Nome City, Levlnson. 33 hour* from
Eureka, ln tow of tug Rescue.
Tug Rescue. Thomsen. 32 hour* from Eu
reka, with stmr Nome City ln tow.
Italian ship. Emanuele Accame. Amegllo, 144
days from Hamburg.
Br shlr> Balmoral, Roop. 129 days from Ant
werp.
Br ship Chlltonford, Atkinson, US days from
London.
Bark Chas B Kenney, Anderson. 13 days
from Honolulu. ' - , -
Fr bark Martha Roux. Turck. 129 day* from
London.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, 20 hour* from Bowena
Landing.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. 60 hours from
Bihlers Point. .
Schr Archie and Fontie. Sklsper. 22 hour*
from Stewarts Point.
CLEARED.
Thursday. April 12.
Stmr State of California, Gage. Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro; GoodaJl.
Perkins St Co.
Stmr George W Elder. Randall. Astoria; O It
& N Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Xlclntyre. Chemainus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Haw bark Andrew Welch. Drew, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Schr Arago, Stensland, codfishlnz; Lycd»
Sc Uouzh.
SAILED.
Thursday. April 11.
Stmr Tir.amook. Hutches. Tlllamook.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Alcalde. Johnson. Seattle.
Schr Mary E Foster. Thompson. Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. April 12. 10 p m— Weather
hazy: wind NW. velocity 20 miles.
Feb 10. lat 56 32 S. lon S2 37 W— Br ship Lord
Templeton, from Newcastle, England, for San
Francisco.
April 5. lat 26 20 N. lon 20 23 W— Br ship Ben
Lee, from Shields, for Santa P.osalla.
April 7. lat 26 21 N. lon 23 W— Br ship Deccan.
from Hamburg, for Oregon.
April 7. lat 26 06 N. lon 2S W— Br ship Kelat.
hence Dec 21. for Queenstown.
Feb 27. lat 1 S. lon 28 W— Br ship Port Cale
donia, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
MISCELLANEOUS
Bktn Ruth was cold to-day at public auction
to John Rosenf eld's Sons for $76u0.
MEMORANDUM
Per stmr IrrawaJdy— Sailed from Philadelphia
Jan 22. On Jan 24. 23 and 28 had a succession
of SW and NW gales with a very hish con
fused sea. causing the vessel to leak. Put into
Bermuda on Jan 27 with knight heads started
and 13 feet of water in forward compartment
and 3 feet in second compartment. Discharged
a portion of the cargo, repaired and sailed from
Bermuda on Feb 1. Anchored at Punta Arenas
on March 2 and sailed March 7. Anchored at
Coronel March 16 and sailed March 22. -
DOMESTIC PORTS
fron^P^ ST ADrU 12 - Bri « <*-"*
REDONDO-Arrived Asril lt-Stmr Luella.
from Caspar; stror San Pedro, from Ventura
Sailed March 11-Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco. . ¦_
UMPQUA— SaiIed April 10— Schr Lucy for <?an
Pedro: schr Lily, for San FrancNcoT"
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrlved April 12-Schr La
Glronde, from San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived April 12-Schr
nen^^AVlO^ 9 APrU 10; ««* *«STeK
Gr^ EE w E o^yn?n^-A A r r iVTi e<J A "" ?~ S ™
SAN PEDRO- Arrived A^rtl 10— Schr Chal
lenger, from Tacoma. Ap^ll li—Schr A\icl •
from Eureka. April iS-StnV Alette*. Iwm
Harbo£ APrU U ~ Schr Fan »l« Adele. for Gray.
Continued on Page Thirteea.
W. 225 Southern Pacific 33%
8.450 Southern Railway 14%
2.500 Southern' Railway prefd 59%
1,430 Texas & Pacific 18%
85,460 Union Pacific 59%
4.400 Union Pacific nrefd 76V.
450 Wabash 8%
6,400 Wabash prefd 23%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
325 -Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30%
J. 250 Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies—
Adams 117
American 145 -
United State* 48
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
€00 American Cotton Oil 37%
American Cotton Oil prefd...... 99
American Malting 4%
100 American Malting prefd 20
1.600 American Smelting & Ref 38H
490 American Smelting & Ref prefd..... 89>4
American Spirits 2*»
American Spirits prefd 17
1,285 American Steel H00p.... 32
1,000 American Steel Hoop prefd 77
64,165 American Steel & Wire 60%
19,359 American Steel & Wire prefd....... 84%
710 American Tin Plate 30%
400 American Tin Plate prefd S2
«,SOO American Tobacco 106 ft
American Tobacco prefd 135
2,660 Anaconda Mining Co 52%
13,895 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
5.660 Colorado Fuel & Iron 48%
18,870 Continental Tobacco .*.. 29%
2,143 Continental Tobacco prefd 82%
15,780 Federal Steel 47%
$30 Federal Steel prefd 72
8,935 General Electric 135
300 Glucose Sugar 49%
200 Glucose Sugar prefd 96%
100 International Paper 21
700 International Paper prefd 65
Laclede Gas 72
625 National Biscuit 34%
National Biscuit prefd 8S
400 National Lead 23
National Lead prefd 104%
2,650 National Steel 41
610 National Steel,prefd 93%
New York Air Brake..: 125
North American 15%
535 Pacific Coast 52
Pacflic Coast Ist prefd SI
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62%
600 Pacific Mall 34%
9,170 People's Gas 107%
1,045 Pressed Steel Car 60%
110 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82%
Pullman Palace Car 153%
100 Standard Rope & Twine S%
40,585 Sugar :. 100%
200 Sugar prefd Ill*,*
1,475 Tennessee Coal <fc Iron 32%
1.010 United States Leather 12%
200 United States Leather prefd 73
300 United States Rubber 33%
100 United States Rubber prefd 93
135 Western Union « M%
800 Republic Iron & Steel 20
250 Republic Iron & teel prefd 63
P C C & St Louis 66
2.185 Third Avenue 114%
549.500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2k refunding,
when Issued ....103
U S 2s reg 99%
U S Ss reg 109%
U S 3s coup 110
U S new 4s reg, ex
interest 132
U S new 4s c0up.. 133
U S old 4s reg 114%
U S old 4s c0up.... 114%
U S 6s res, ex int. 112%
U S 4s coup 114
Dis of Col 3. 605. ...121
Atchison gen 45.. .100%
Atchison adj 4s 84%
Canada So 2ds 107 V*
Ches & Ohio 4%5... 99%
Ches & Ohio 55.... 120
C & NW con 75.. 142%
C & NWSFdeb 55. 122
Chgo Terminal 4s. 96U
Colo & So 4s 54%
D & R G lats 104
D & R G 4s 99%
E T Va & Ga lsts. 102^,
Erie General 45.... 74Vi
F W &. D C lsts.. 72%
Gen Electric 55.. .116%
G H <fc S A 65. ...109%
G H & S A 2d5....107
H & T C 5s '..11l
H & T C con 65.. .108
lowa Cent 15t5. ...115
X C P & G lsts... 72
La new cons 4s 108
L &. N Unl 45. ...101
iM X & T 2ds 69%
M X & T 4s 93%
!N V Cent lsts 110%
'N J Cent Ben 55. .124
N Carolina 6s 127
N Carolina 4s 106
N Pacific 8s 63%
N Pacific <s 104%
N V C & . S L 45.. 106%
V &. W con 4s 97%
N & W gen 6s 133
Or Nay lsts 108
,Or Nay 4s 103%
jOr Short Line 65.. 127%
]Or S Line con 55.H4%
Reading Gen 45.... &'.»'*
•R G W lsts 99
H L & I M con is. 11l
iS L & S F gen 65. 122%
Bt Paul cons 172
S P C & P 15t5. ...120%
S P C &.P 5s 121%
So Railway 65.... 113
Ko Pacific 4s 85
Stand R & T 65.... 73
Term new set 35.. 95%
Tex & Pac 15t5.. ..114%
Tex & Pac 2ds 60
Union Pacific 45... 106
Wabash lsts 117%
Wabash 2ds 104
West Shore 4s 114%
Wis Cent lsts 92%
Va Centuries 91%
Va deferred 5
MINING STOCKS
Chollar lOOntario 8 00
Crown Point l7iDphlr 73
Con Cal & Va 1 60! Plymouth 10
Deadwood CO 'Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 25 ' Quicksilver pfd.... 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 30Sierra Nevada 60
Homestake 50 CO Standard 3 50
Iron Sliver 65 Union Con 23
Mexican 32 .ye110w Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
{all loans 3%@4%
time loans 4@5
Stocks—
A T & S F 27%
A T & S F prefd. 72H
American Sugar... 103%
Am Sugar prefd... lll
Bell Telephone ....320
Boston & Albany. 246
Boston Elevated ..118%
Boston & Maine.. 193
C B & Q 125%
Dominion Coal ... 44%
Dom Coal prerd..Hs
Federal Steel 47
Fitchburg prefd... 133
Mexican Central... 13
N E Gas & Coke. 17%
Old Colony 206
Old Dominion 22H
Rubber 34
Union Pacific 59%
West End 93
VVestinghouse Elec 44
Wig Central • 18
Bonds —
Atchison 4s 100%
N E Gas&Coke ss. 69
Mining Shares-
Adventure 0%
Allouez Mln C 0.... 2
Amalg Copper 93%
Boston & Montana.3lB
Butte & Boston... 79
Calumet & Hec1a.,748
Centennial ...-. 22%
Franklin 15%
Humboldt 75
Dsceola .....*. ;. 69%
Parrot 46%
Quincy 134
Panta Fe Copper.. 6%
Tamarack 190
Utah Mining 32%
Winona 4%
Wolverines 40%
Closed until Monday
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at 3%@4 per cent; last loan, 8% per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business ln
bankers' bill at $4 87%@4 87% for demand and
at $4 83% for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84%
and $4-88%. Commercial bills. $4 83^4 S4. • Sil
ver certificates, 60%@61%c. Bar silver, eg^io.
Mexican dollars, 47% c.
BONDS— Government, heavy; State, Inactive;
railroad, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— T0-day** statement
of the Treasury balances ln the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows:
Available cash balance. $145,507,687; gold, $92,
443,245.
London Market.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser** London financial cablegram say*:
There was scarcely any business ln the mar
ket* here to-day and the attendance was thin.
The tone was firm. Americans surprised every
body by their cheerfulness, being good from
the start. Although bought but little New
York accepted the rise and supported stocks,
which closed firm at the top. Union Pacific
and Louisville and Baltimore and Ohio were
favorites. Copper shares were good, Tlntos
being 59% c. The Bank of England lost £70,000
gold to South Africa and bought £39,000 ln
bars. Money is tending to easier rates. The
Bank of England did a large discount business
and fairly large business ln loans at 6 per
cent for the week. Discount houses raised the
deposit rate* % to 3 per cent; call, 3% per cent.
CLOSING,
Canadian Pacific. 100%; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 78%: Northern Pacific preferred, 78%;
Atchison, 25%: Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda,
10%: Rand mines, 37. Bar silver, steady, 27% d
per ounce. Money, 3®3% per cent.
THE STOCK MARKET.
at New York. The croo outlook ln Indiana,
according. to private estimates, 1b the worst ln
twenty-five years.
The Produce Exchange will not be ln session
Spot' Wheat— Shipping, 96%@97%c; milling.
98%c®11 01%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o' clock— December— 6ooo
ctls. $1C4%. •
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $I MH.
May— 6ooo. 96«4c.
Regular Morning Session— May— l4,ooo ctls,
96% c.
Afternoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, 96% c; 2000,
96% c. December— 6ooo, $1 04%.
BARLEY— The feeling has been rather stead
ier of late, but prices stand about the same.
Feed,. 75c for No. 1 and 60Q.72%c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. So©
87% c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
74c; 2000. 73% c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Black show some Improvement under
the continued demand, but other sorts are dull.
White. $1 lOfcl 30: Red, 95c@$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%©l 15; Black, Jl@l 05.
CORN— Eastern White, Is quoted at $1 05®
1 07% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1@1 10;
mixed, | $1 05@l 07% per ctl.
RYE— Is lower, with sales at 95®97%cper ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs;
Several changes ln mlllstuffs will be observed.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60&3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows.,-usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Klee Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 &0:
Oat Groats. $4 60: Hominy, $3 25©3 50: Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 25:
Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6® 7 25; In 3acks, $5 75® 7: Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Conditions remain without change.
BRAN— $l2@l3 . per ton
MIDDLINGS— $16©19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2C@27; Jobbing,
$27 50©28; Cocoanut Cake. $2CffT2l; Corn Meal,
$23 60@24; Cracked Corn. $24@24 EO; Mixed Feed,
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7#9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10: Wheat and Oat.
$6 So@9: Oat. $6@B; Barley, $S@7; Alfalfa, $6®
7 E0 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc Der bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no further change ln anything under
this head, the markets remaining dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $3®3 25: small White. $3 25@
3 60; large White, $3 20@3 25; Pink. $2 25@2 90;
Re-i. $3 50®3 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal: Lima, $5 25; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 60#4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%@4%c; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. 9@loc: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4@4%c.
" DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90® 2 25; Green. $1 90
Q2 25 ter ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions show little change. As
paragus la a little lower.
Receipts were 930 boxes Asparagus, 412 boxes
Rhubarb, 315 sacks Peas and 213 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65c; River Reds,
nominal; Burhank*. 40tT«0c per sack: Orecon
Burbanks, 50@85c; Sweet Potatoes, $2 25<3'2 35 for
Merced: New Potatoes, l%@2c.
ONIONS — Are jobbing from second hands at
$G@e per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 50c® $1 per box:
Apnaragus, $l@l 50 per br>x for No. 2 and
$1 75(g 2 for No. 1 and $2 25 for fancy large;
Green Peas. $1 2&@2 per sack for common and
3c for Garden: String Beans. B@loc> Cabbage.
40®BOc: Tomatoes, $liS2: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles. 7«?10c: Dried Okra. 32% c per lb: Gar
lic, s@6c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles, lo®
17% c; Dried Peppers, 8if?10c; Carrots, 25<335c per
Back; Los Angeles Summer Squash, $1 25 per
box; Cucumbers. 60c@$l per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market continues very firm, and
the floors have been bare for several days,
though two more cars are on hand from the
East. They are needed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
bler* and 12(ffl3r: for H»ns; Oee«e, per nalr.
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2 50@2 75; Ducks, $4 50<g5 50
for old and $5157 50 for young: Hens, $506 50:
Young Roosters. $6 50@7: Old Roosters, $4 25
®5; Fryers, $5 5C@6; Broilers. $4 50@3 for
large and $2 50©3 5o tor small: Piseons. $1 75©
2 per dozen for old and ft 75<f?2 for Sonabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits. $I@l 25; Gray
Geese. $2@2 50; White. 50©75 c; Brant. $1 25^
1 60; English Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There is very little new to report. Butter and
Cheese stand the same. Oregon Eggs are of
fering at the quotations. Domestic Eggs are
in liberal supply, and large stocks are being
placed in cold storage.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 16
®16% c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15%@16c; good to choice, 14%9
15c; common. 14c.
CHEESE— New. 7%@Bc: Young America; 8@
B%c: Eastern. 16@17c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 14%<316%e
per dozen for ranch: Eastern. HtlWi" spot
and 15% c to arrive; Oregon Eggs, 12%@13%c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There were numerous reports of damage by
the recent frost yesterday, and while some
were vague, enough Is known to lead to the be
lief that the crop of the State will not be near
ly as heavy as expected a few days ago. There
will be fruit enough, however, without much
doubt.
Oranges continue firm and scarce. Lemons
and Limes are unchanged. Strawberries ad
vanced under decreased receipts.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S@9Oc per box for common. $I@l 50
for rood to choice and $1 75@2 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— $3<??6 per che«t for lare-»
and $10@15 for small berries. Receipts were 86
chests. Blackberries, from the south,
per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 25<53 50
per box; Seedlings. $I®2; Lemons. $I@l 50
for . common and J2f?2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $4 M'ffS: California Limes, ;
Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $4@5
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sack*. 4©4% c for
40-50*. 3%@4c. for. 60-6O I*.1 *. 3%c for 60-70"*. 3%c
forTO-80's. 3®SV4c for 80-90"* and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots. 11® 12% c for Royals, 12%fJ15c
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. 5%®6c for Standards, 6%©6% c for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c: Hun-dried. 5@
6%c"per lb: Nectarines. B«T9c: Pears. 3%«4%c
for 3ark and 7WBc for bright- halves: Black
Fig*. 2@2%c; White Figs. 2©3 c; Bleached
Plums, S<3»c: unbleached- Plums, 7&7% c for
pitted and l%c for unpitted.
'RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c: stanflard. 8c; prime, 60: un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, 7%e; standard. 6%c:
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
S-crown, 6V4c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crcwn, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California. A
NUTS— Walnuts, B©9c for standards- and
9@loc for softshells; Almonds, 11%@12c for
pape' nhell. S@loo for soft ana 4S5c for hard
shell: Peanuts. S%<g>fi%c for Eaptern and 6c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%«?8c: Filberts,
12rai2V4c: Pecans, llfflWc: Cocoanutg. $4 50ff15.
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%«?
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. 7%@7%c; dark,
6%®6c per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers are talking of another advance In a
day or so. The market Is very stiff. Hams ar«
already quoted higher by some dealers.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10% c for Hsht medium. ll%c for light.
12%c*for extra llcht nnd 13% c for surar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13@14c; Mess Beef.
$12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra
Prime Pork. $14 50W15: extra clear. >sUj Mess,
$16 60- 3moked Beef, 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Sc per lb for
compound and B@S%c for pure; half barrels
lure B%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins.'lOc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, B@B%c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9%c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hide* continue steady and ln fair demand.
There 1* nothing new, ln' Wool. '
HIDES v AND . SKINS— CuIIs Itnd brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
10@Uc: medium, 9%c;' light, B@9%c; Cowhides
»®9%c; Stags, 7c: Salted. Kip. 9«i9%c; Calf. ioc :
Dry Hides, sound, 18@19c: culls and brands
15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16®17c: Dry Calf, 19&
20c: ; Sheepukln*. shearlings. 15@30c each; -short
Wool, 35®60c each: medium.- 70©90c: long Wool
$I@l 25 each: . Horse Hides. - $2 25@3 for large
and $1 25®1 75 for. small; Colts.' 25@50c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins. 40c; fall or medi
um skins, : 35c;. winter or thin skins. 20c. ' Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
Mc:*m«dlum, : «sc. < . .
•TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6@5%.c per lb; No.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
To-day a partial Jwliday. •
Sterling Exchange continues firm. Silver unchanged.
Wheat quiet and zvcak. Barley slwws more tone.
Black Oats continue in demand. Rye lower and weak.
Some changes in Millstuffs.
Hay, Feedstuff s- and Beans as previously quoted.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb loiter. Pork unchanged.
Prozisions very stiff, with a furtJier advance impending.
Hides steady and in fair demand.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Poultry continues in light supply and firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Considerable damage to Fruit by frost.
LOCAL MARKFfS
Shipping Intelligence.
NEW YORK, April 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26,147 bushels; exports, 29.759 bushels; market
quiet and generally easier, except .for low-grade
winters, which have been cleaned up at steady
prices f oj- the cracker trade. Winter patents,
»" 70f('4; winter straights, $3 45©3 55; Minnesota
patents, $3 70(53 95; winter extras. $2 60552 95. -
WHEAT— Receipts, 33,300 bushels; exports.
102,674 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, 79% c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 76% c elevator; No. 2
northern Duluth, 77% c f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth. 79% c f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options were quiet and weak air day. feeling
the Influence of the bearish feeling in foreign
markets, a break in C/orn, small clearances'
and a light export trade. Liberal unloading of
Wheat bought yesterday on the crop report was
prompted by thla news, and the market closed
weak at %@%c net decline. May 73%^74c.
closed 73% c; July 73% @>74c, closed 79% c; Septem
ber. 74 1-i6@74%c. closed 74% c
COFFEE— Spot: Rio steady; No. 7 invoice.
7%e; No. .7 Jobbing. B%c. Mild— Market quiet
and steady; Cordova,- 9%@14c. The market for
options closed quiet at unchanged prices to 5
points lower. Total sales, 11,250 bags, - includ
ing: May. $6 90; September, $7 05; October, $7 05
©7 10: November, -$7 25; December, $7 35@7 40;
March. $7 55. • . ¦¦¦ ,
SUGAR— Raw, firm; Refined, firm. ,
BUTTER— Receipts, 4128 package*; market
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 10% 6 10H
Closing 5 10% 5 10%
PARIS. ¦
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 80 22 30
Closing 20 70 22 10
Flour — :
Opening 27 15 29 15
Closing ....27 10 29 05
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 12.— CATTLE— Receipts. 11,
600. Generally about steady. Natives — Best on
sale to-day, $5 80; good to prime steers about
steady. $s'i<f> S5: poor to mediums slow, $4 10®
4 85; selected feeders, best steady, others lower.
$4 25©4 85; mixed stockers easy, $3 50@4; cows,
best firm, others about steady, $3®4 60; heifers
steady, $3 10©4 75; canners slow, S2@2 80; bulls
steady. $2 g(Vg4 25; calves 600 higher. $4 50@
7 25. Texans— Receipts, 350. Best on sale to
day. $4 95; Texas fed steers steady, $4fg's 25;
Texas bulls steady, $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27,000; estimated to
morrow, 23,000; left over, 4500. Heavy, 5c
lower; light, mostly 10c lower; mixed and
butchers. $5 30®* 60; good to choice heavy,
$5 45@5 65: rough heavy, $5 SO^S 40; light. $5 25
©5 50; bulk of sales, $5 40(35 55.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs generally steady.
Good to choice wethers. $6®6 40; fair to choice
mixed, $5@6; Western sheep, $6@-6 35; yearlings,
$6 60: native lambs, $5 50Q7 50; Western lambs.
$6 25@-7 60.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 12.— Clearing*, $304,691;
balances, $41,336.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 12.— 1n the local wheat
market there were a few sales reported around
65c for Walla Walla and a ship for May load-
Ing was taken at 41s 3d. This is the first
near-by ship that has been taken for several
days and shows that rates are as firm as they
have been any time this season. Valley wheat
Is quiet at about 64c. and blue stem. 67c.
Cleared: British bark Berwickshire, for
Queenstown, with 16.423 barrel* of flour.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the .week ending to-dey were 199,631 bushels. -
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. April 12.— WHEAT— Market quiet
and little doing; blue stem, 56c; club, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 12.— Consols, 101%; silver,
27% d; French rentes, lOlf 60c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, near position* ln demand; cargoes
No. ! 1 standard California. 30s 6d; English
country markets, steady. .
LIVERPOOL, April 12.— Wheat firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s sd@6s6d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour ln Paris, quiet: French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 7-16 d. ,
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Firm : No. 2 red Western winter,
6s Id; No. 1 Northern spring, Cb %d; No. 1
California, 6s 6d@6s 6d; futures, quiet; May,
6s 10% d; July. 5s 10% d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, old, nominal;
new, steady, 4s 2d; future*, steady; May, 4s
2d: July, 4s 94d; September. 4s %d.
i HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), . steady,
£3 ss@£3 15s.
The exchange will be closed until Tuesday,
April 17.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
There was no change worthy of note ln
securities on the morning session. Business
was average.
In the afternoon California Fruit Canners*
sold at $104. and Giant Powder declined to
$82 CO.
There was rather more doing ln the oil
stocks.
The Pacific Coast Company ha* declared divi
dends of 1 per cent on Its common stock. 1%
per cent on Its preferred stock and 1 per cent
on its second preferred stock.
The New York Honduras Rosario Mining
Company has declared the regular monthly
dividend of 10 cents per share, amounting to
$15,000, payable on the 16th.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend of $1 60 per share, payable
Immediately.
The California Powder Company will pay a
dividend of $1 per share on the 20th.
The Contra Costa Water Company will pay
a dividend of 40 cents per share on the 16th.
The Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 5 cents per share on the 16th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 12—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. 1 . Bid.Aak
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup..H4SillsU!
«s do reg- 114%115H;
4a do cp new..l33Vi —
3s do coup 10J 110
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55..117%120 \
C C Wat 55...105T4 — '
Ed L& P 65..1?. i —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 114 —
Geary-st R as. — 92%
H <: & S 5%5. — —
Do 5s 105^105%
L A Ry 55.... 104 104%,
L A L Co ss. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 55.. 98 100%
L A & P R 55.102% -r-
Market-st 65...125 Vi —
Do Ist m 55..H6%117ii
N C N G R 7s. MS —
N R of Cal 68.113% —
N P of Cal 58.115 116
N P C R R 65. 104% —
N P C R R 55. 107^107%
N Cal R R 55. .112 —
Oak G L&Hss.lw% —
Oak Tran 5*...113%U4U
Oak W Co 5a.. - 10G T/3T /3
Oceanic S C 0. .106% —
Om C Ry 65.. 123% —
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104% —
Pk &O Ky 6s. — —
Powell-st It 6s. 117 —
Sac 1/ & GR5s. <tn —
B F & SJV sc. 116% —
5 Ry of Cal 65. 11 l —
S P of A 65...112% —
SPC 6s (1905).10S 7 /» —
Do (1S06) 111 —
Do (1912) .... — —
Do Ist cc ss. — —
BPBr 6e 125% —
S V Water 65.1t4H114»i;
Do 4s 104 —
S V W (3d m). 101% —
Stktn Gas 65..100 103
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa... 64% —
Mar!n County. — —
Spring Valley.. 95% —
GaM & Electric —
Cent O L Co.. — —
Cent L & P.... 3T4 4%
Eqult G L Co.. 3 3^
Mutual E! Co. — 12<fc
O G L & H.... 471, 49
Pac Gas Imp.. SO 51
Pac LCo — ¦45V4
S F G & E.... 50%. 51
San Francisco. 4}» —
Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Insurance —
Firem's Fund. 223 —
Bank Stocks —
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 64 —
Bank cf Ca1... 410 —
Cal SD A T..103 —
First National. — 290
Lon P & A. -.132 —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Saving* Banks — •¦¦
Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Ger S & L.. 1850 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Say U.. 512% —
Say & L So. 74 78
Sec Sev Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads —
California 119^122
Geary-st 50 —
Market-st Ry. 63H —
O 3 L & H... — 50
Presidio 15 —
Powder Stocks —
California 155 I*s
Giant Con Co.. 82H 83
Vlgorlt 3V4, 3H
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co.. 9*i 9%
Haw C & S Co BS*i —
Honokaa S Co. 33-"S, S3H
Hutch S P Co. 26% 27
Kilauea S Co.. 21 7 / i —
Makawell S Co 48»4 49
Onomea S Co.. 2SH —
Paauhau S Co. 32 32%
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.H7%llSH
Cal Fruit .A5n.103?»105
Mer Ex Assn.. — I<X>
Oceanic S Co.. 94 95
Pac AF A 2 —
Pac C Bor C 0.150 —
Par Paint Co. 10 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Equitable Gas 3 12H
100 Honokaa S Co S3 87Vi
25 Honokaa S Co 33 75
15 Honokaa S Co. cash SS 75
100 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co. b 10.. 22 00
100 Makawell 43 S~hi
10 Market Street Railway 63 25
$2000 N PC R R 5s 107 50
175 Paauhaa S P Co 32 25
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 00
95 S F Gas & Electric Co. ¦ 30 51 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 12H
5 S V Water 96 00
tOO Vlgorlt 3 37H
$3000 S V 4s (2d Mtge) 104 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
105 California Fruit Canners 104 00
25 Contra Costa Water, cash S4 75
25 Equitable Gas 3 2S
10 Giant Powder Con 83 25
10 Giant Powder Con 82 75
5 Giant Powder Con 82 50
20 liana Plantation Co 9 50
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 89 00
60 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 88 75
120 Honokaa S Co S3 75
300 Honokaa S Co 33 50
220 Onomea Sugar Co 28 50
60 Paauhau S P Co 32 12V4
95 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 00
200 Vlgorlt Powder 325
Street— " : i .-..'¦¦
s4ooo Market St R R Con 5s .*.... .117 00
$4000 S V 4s (2d Mtge) 104 00
PRODUCE OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda 50
100 Barker Ranch j 15
60 Buckhorn 3 50
50 Buckhorn » 75
400 Home OH ;" 355
350 Home OH 3 «
200 Yukon J 35
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Anaconda E0
70 Barker Ranch """ 1 yi
100 Carlbop [ x }«
250 Home OH '" « U
50 Westlake * £(
60 Yukon /"• jJJ
MINING STOCKS.
Following - were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session
300 Best & Belcher. 29
100 Caledonia 1 20
ICO Chollar ..... 15
200 Crown Point... 21
600 Ophir SO
200 Ophlr 81
2
ad . a : S
100 Yellow Jacket.. 33
Afternoon Session.
EOO Andes 11 1
800 Andes ......:... 12
100 Belcher 32
400 Chollar 14
100 Confidence ..... 74
800 Gould & Curry. 23
300 Ophlr go
60 Potosl " Tk
fOO Savage '. 12
300 Savage ji
100 Yellow Jacket.. 34
Following were the oales in the Pacific <!t<v.k
Board yesterday: • wl!
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 271
200 Caledonia ......1 10|
200 Challenge Con.. 22J
200 Confidence 74!
300 Gould & Curry. »!
300 Ophlr 79!
600 Overman 25!
600 Overman v
500 Savage n
301) Sierra Nevada. £3
SOO Silver Hill IS
j 600 Yellow Jacket.. 31
500 Yellow Jacket.. 32
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher.". 28! 200 Gould A Curry M
309 Challenge Con.. 23 500 Overman ...... J«
200 Con Cal & V.I 72^1 300 Sierra Nevada* M
FRIDAY. APRIL 13.
barely steady. Western creamery. 17©20 c; fac
tory, 15@17c.
EGGS— Receipt*. 17,686 packages; market eas
ier. Storage Western at mark, 12tfc; regular
packing. 12@14c; Southern at mark, U@l2c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. April 12.— The market for Evap
orated Apples was slow and new features were
conspicuous by their absence. The undertone,
however, was steady on light receipts and the
scarcity of sellers. California Dried Fruits
were dull and nominally unchanged. -
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4%@5c; prime, 5%@«0; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
7!i©B%c -..,-•.;
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3^@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI,, 13@15c; Moorpark, W^lSe.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS©22c; unpeeled, 7%@9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Although price varia
tion* were not much ln evidence the market
for metals to-day exhibited quite a little
strength. Cables were of a bullish average
and sellers conspicuous by their absence. Tin
ruled : very firm all day and closed firm at
$31 25 bid and $31 75 asked.
Lake Copper, while showing a strong under
tone, continued unchanged at $IT.
Spelter still holds steady at fully sustained
figures, closing at $4 72& bid and $4 77% asked.
Lead and Piglron warrants remain' dull and
nominal, the former closing at $4 47^®* 77V4-
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 *5 *nd for
copper $17 25<g>17 60. .
#- ; —^ : ' *
Chicago Grain Market.
- CHICAGO, April 12.— May wheat opened ,%e
under yesterday at 6614@66%c, depressed by the
Increased Argentine shipments, lower cables
and favorable weather, as well as the heavy
selling of yesterday. Shortly after the opening
May touched 67c, but from that on the course
of the market was downward with a few ana
feeble interruptions. The market was fairly
steady up to noon, when the bears began ham
mering and as the stop-loss wheat came out
touched 66Uc I Early there was a fair demand
in the pit. but later the situation was reversed.
Duluth reported some export business and re
ported a likelihood of foreigners partaking of
our liberal store, but the report failed to affect
the locals. May closed weak, %@%c under yes
terday, at 66>/4c. ¦
The selling of corn to-day was mainly in
small lots. A decline, which was started by
lower cables, wheat weakness and favorable
crop outlook, brought out a deal of stop-loss
orders. The price descended on lack of demand.
There was an early bulge which carried May up
%c. caused by open buying by recent liquidating
longs, but the gain was lost. May closed weak,
%@lc lower. -
Oats were weak and were generally neglected.
May closed U®%c down.
The provisions market was generally active
and strong, though May Pork early snowed a
zigzagging • tendency. Hogs were lower 'at the
yards, grains depressed and the packing waa
larger than the previous week, all of wnicn
was not encouraging to holders. There was an
especially good demand for lard. May lard
closed 12Vi£15c up. May ribs unchanged. May
pork closed' at $12 37Va-
The leading futures ranged as follows:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
2, 4@4%c; refined, (He: grease. V.i<QZc.
WOOL— Spring 'clip Is quotable as follow*:
Northern free, 16@18c; Northern defective, 12&
16c; Middle County, free, 15017 c: Middle
County, defective, 13315 c; Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12@14c; do, free, 7 months', 12313 c:
do, defective. 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20® 23c; Nevada. 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— 6%@loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The whole market Is rather off this week,
owing to the - closing observances of the Len
ten season. Beef, Mutton and Lamb show a
slight decline. Pork stands the same.
BEEF— 6@6%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6&9 c Der lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7%c; ewes, 6%@7c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hdgs, sT*@6c for small and me
dium and sl»i*fs\c5 l »i*f5\c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. s&@sV»c; dressed Hogs, 7®S*4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
grain Bags. 6%@6%c; Wool Bags. 28%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; new Welling
ton, JS; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. IS;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8: Cumberland. Sl2 ln
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $13
per ton ln bulk and $17 ln sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $3 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb ln 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60 c; Powdered,
o.vaic; Candy. Granulated, 5.20 c; Dry Granulated.
6.10 c; Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4.60 c; Golden C. 4.50 c; barrels. 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 7j barrels or its equivalent. Domino*,
half-barrels, 5.85 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL IX
Flour, qr sks 28,219
Wheat, ctls 63.317
Barley, ctls 3,145
Oats, ctls 870
Corn, ctls 615
Cheese, ctls • 27S
Butter, ctls 641
Potatoes, sks 820
Onions, sks 50
Bran, sks 50
Middlings, sks.... 95
Sugar, sks 4.000
Hay. tons 488
Wool, bags 322
Pelts, bdls 222
Hides. No. 418
Lime, bbla IST*
Sugar, bbls 147
Eggs, doz 50.750
Quicksilver, flak* US
Leather, rolls 186
Wine, gals 11.700
Tallow, ctU 217
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 5,024 Bran, ska 1.503
Wheat, ctls 10.SOO Middlings, sks.... 168
Oats, ctls 1. 720 Feed, ctls 4.000
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4,920 i Oats, ctls 7.510
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 18, 1900
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
THURSDAY. April 12—4 p. TO.
Bid. Ask. I ;-Ji' Bld.Aak.
Alpha 04 oo|
Alta - 08
Andes « J-i
Belcher fl 3-
Best & Belcher. 27 2S
Bul'.lon 03 M ,
Caledonia 1 H'* 5
Chollar J* J»
Challenge Con.. 22 23,
Confidence ..... ™ i?
Con Cal & Va..l .0 1 £
Con Imperial... 01 02
Con New York. 02 —
Eureka Con — »'>
Crown Point... 20 21
Exchequer « &>
Gould & Curry. 2? 29
Hale & Norcrs. 3j 3b
Julia — 0>
Justice i*> «•
Kentuck 01 02
Lady Wash — 05
Mexican 3« 37
Occidental 12 **»
Ophir 79 SO
Overman 24 25
Potosl 15 16
Savage 11 13
Scorpion — C 2
Peg Belcher 04 03
Sierra Nevada. 52 53
Hllver Hill IS 2t>
St Louia — 13
Standard 3 25 3 ST.
Syndicate — 11
Union Con 33 35
Utah 12 13
Yellow Jacket .. 34 35
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
Branch Hydrographlc Office, _* f^»-. »£*•
chant?" Exchange. San FTancisco. tai..
TnVl!n£ £v- w»* not drooped to-day, oa
account of a fault In the m^a^m.^^
Lieutenant r »"*"•¦ *•- s*- ln char *«- ,
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time* and Height* of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) »«»ut
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point.
the height of tide 1* the same at both place*.
Sun rises 5 : 5f
Sun sets ViV JJ?
Moon sets *:*> *• "*•
NOTE— In the above exposition of th«» tides
the early morning tides ar» given In the left
hand column and the «ucces«lve tides or tn«
day In the order of occurrence as to time, Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
th* day. the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column give* tn»
last tide of the day. except when th«r» ar« but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are in addition to tlw» soundings on tn«
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the -height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the chart*. The plane of
reference \n th* m»nTi of th» lower low waters.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady. No. 3 spring wheat, 63'5'63%c; No. 2
red. 63@70e; No. 2 corn, 39%@39 7 Ac; No. 2 oats.
25(523%c; No. 3 white, 27ff28%c; No. 2 rye, 56®
f6%c; No. .2 barley, 40%@45c; No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 73; prime timothy seed, $2 40: mess pork, per
barrel, $12 10@12 75; lard, per 100 pounds $G 75®
7C2%; short rib sides, lopse, 16 90^7 25; dry
salted shoulders, boxed. 6%@6%c; short clear
sides, boxed, J7 20(3^7 30; whisky, distillers" fin
ished goods, per gallon. $1 25%.
ARTICLES. Receipts.! Shlpm'ts.
Flovr* barrels 22.000 58,000
Wheat, bushels 51.000 142.000
Corn, bushels 409.000 245.000
Oats, bushels 227,000 256,000
Rye, bushels 11,000 8,000
Barley, bushels 19.000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery. 14@18c; dairy. 13®
16c. ' Cheese, firm, 12@13c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
llttc.
To-Day a Partial Holiday.
To-day being Good Friday the exchange* of
New York. Chicaro. London and other leading
cities of the world, with few exceptions, will
be closed hence there will be few Quotations.
:n this city the Produce Exchange will remain
closed.
Charters.
The Emma Clauolna loads lumber at Grays
Harbor for Kabulul: Martha Davis, merchan
c:n at this port for Hllo.
Quicksilver Trade.
Reeelpts of Quicksilver at this port during
the first three months cf the year were 6011
Basks, against EST4 during the same time in
ISM The exports were 2519 flask*, valued at
J141.230. against 34$S at $135,123.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Receipts of wine and brandy at this port
during the first three months of the year
were as follows, compared with the same time
in IS9S- Of wine, 3.975.000 gallons, against 5.-
C22.C00; of brandy. 122,750 gallons, against
£2.000.
National Coinage.
The coinage of the United States mints for
the current fiscal year to date Is as follows:
Double eagles $55.610.=50 00
Hiff-eWes'.: 2.« Jg
Quarter-e&eles «•«» »
Siandard dollars 12.. 66. 649 00
Half-dollars '. H?H£i S
Quarter-dollar, MM.™ g»
Vi?kel3 '.V.V.'.V.V.V.V.V". I.2S>».S4S 70
cents .::::::::::::: -*
Tntsi $106.7:2.213 R4
In ISSS-SS.'.V.V.V.V 108.506.212 56
Dried Fruit in New ' York.
The New York Commercial says: "The ag
gregate sales cf prunes for the week have been
a number of cars, though most of them have
gone out in 100 to 200-box lots. One sale '•was
two cars to one person, either for himself or
to distribute among associated dealers. Prices
are unchanged, but the feeling is not strong.
Some holders would let their stock* go at less
than quotations if they could get rid of them,
and this too. in face of the statements that
total suppllos in first hands are unusually
small for the season.
•Raisins are showing evidence of better feel
ing and dealers are holding them firmer than
they have done heretofore. The reason '.* not
easy to find, but is no doubt partly due to the
partial settlement of the friction between the
growers and the association. It has been
definitely determined that the association shall
park its own raisins this year, and that has
had a steadying effect on the market. Prices
have not advanced, nor have sales increased
materially, but the better feeling is Indicative
of possibly a cessation of the low prices and
weak demand which have characterized trade
for the past few weeks.
"Peaches are unchanged, though there have
been large sales this week. A number of cars
were sold at one time, which Is said to have
closely cleaned up the spot supply of some
grades. Consequently there is a firmer feeling
and holders are disposed to ask more for their
goods."
Weather Retort
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 12. 1900—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.12 47.22 51.55
Rod Bluff 0-24 20.51 19. 57
Kacramento 0.40 16.49 13.91
Pan Francisco 0.24 17.89 15.38
Fresno Trace 7.35 6.76
Independent* 0.00 2.78 1.16
Pan Luis Oblspo 0.16 15.26 14.77
Los Angeles 0.00 6.68 4.79
San Diego 0.00 3.38 4. 58
Yuma 0.00 0.79 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
B7; minimum. J.O; mean, £4.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Slope, except in Southern Arizona. Light
rain has fallen from Fresno and Point Concep
tion northward to Puget Sound.
The pressure is rising rapidly along the north
ern California and Oregon coast and falling
over the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary, except over Eastern Oregon and West
ern Idaho, -a-here It has fallen.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Friday, except probably light show
ers In the I "riper San Joaquln Valley and la
Southern California.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight, April 13. 1900:
Northern California — Generally fair, except
showers in the Upper San Joaquin Valley Fri
day; fresh northerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy and threatening,
probably with showers Friday; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy, probably with occasional
showers Friday.
Utah— Showers Friday; cooler.
Arizona— Cloudy, with showers In north por
tion Friday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
fresh northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
¦ »
New York Grain and Produce.
Street—
10
Wheat No. 2— !
April
May
July
September
Corn No. 2—
April
May ...•:
July
September
Oats No. 2—2 — ,
May ?....
July
September
Mess Pork, barrel-
May
July
I>ard, per 100 lbs —
May
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs.
May
July
September
ARTI
LE£
Open. Hish. Uow. Close.
66%
66% 67 66% 66%
68 6SU 67% 67'/,
68% 68^ 68% 65%
38%
39% 39% 38% 38T4
40% 40% 39% 39%
40% 41Vi 40% 40%
24% 24% 24% 24%
24% 24% 24 24%
23% 23% 23% 23%
12 62V4 i 2 72H 12 37 V6 12 67^
12 75 12 87^ 12 50 12 80
6 82% 700 6 82% 700
690 7 12H 690 700
700 7 17% 700 7 17%
6 95 7 02% 6 95 7 00
690 7 02% 690 700
6 92% 7 02% 6 92% 7 00
p
D Time ITime Tlm« Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
?LW H W I. W HW
U ... 4:30 l.« 11:03 4.7 4:16 1.0 10:4 a «•<
14 ... 4:59 O.«) 1t:45 4.7 4:4(1 2.2 11:10 5.<
15 .. 6:33 0.2 12:30 4.« 5:19 2.5 11:35 5.4
18... «:10 0.0 1:15 4.5 5:52 2.7-...^.
HW L, W HW I.W
17 ... 0:02 5.4 8:51 -9.1 2:03 4.5 «:J1 |.
IS ... 0:35 5.4 7:55!-0.2 2:56 4.5 7:19 t.
19 .. 1:15| 5.4 8:251— 0.1f 3:521 4.4 8:17| S.I
From.
Due
Steamer
Sar.ta Rosa S«n D1««o
Newburs Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay
Aloha Crescent City
Jeanie [Oyster Harbor
Columbia Portland
North Fork...k. HumboMt •
Coos Bay A Newport ¦
Lapnna Tillamonk
South Portland. Oyster Harbor *
Empire Coos Bay
Nippon Maru... China and Japan
City of Puebla. i Victoria & Puget Sound
Corona .San Diego
Titanla 'Nanatmo
Wellington 'Oyster Harbor
Pomona 'San Diego
"Willamette ....lSeattle
Crescent City... <>^s-«>nt City
Mackinaw 'Seattle
Matteawan Tacoma
"Warfleld iOyster Harbor
Bonita" ; Newport
Del Norte IPort'and
Peru (Panama,
Point Arena 'Point Arena;
Samoa iHuir.boldt
State of Cal iPortlanJ
.lAor. a
?|Apr. 13
? Apr. 14
..'Apr. 14
..Apr. 14
..[Apr. 15
..Apr. U
..lApr. 15
..lApr. 1«
..I Apr. 18
..I Apr. 11
..(Apr. Yl
dlApr. 17
.."Apr. 17
..!Apr. 17
..i.Apr. 17
..lApr. 17
..|Apr. 17
?'Apr. H
..jApr. IS
..Apr. 18
..Apr. IS
..'Apr. 13
..lApr. 19
..'Apr. 15
..I Apr. 19
..[Apr. 19
.JApr. 2>
r>; __
Steamer
Destinatic
Sa
Pier.
fa
State of CaliPortland Apr. 13. 10 am Pier 2*
Bonita [Newport Apr. 13. 9am!Plerll
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena.. Apr. 14. 2 pmiPler 2
Pomona ..JHumboldt Apr. 14. 2pm Pier 9
Samoa- JHumboldt Apr. 15. 10am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San D!»&0..... Apr. 15. 11 am Pier It
Oiifrn IVIe A P«"t Sd.'Apr. V. l*>am!pier »
NewbuJTr ...|Orays Harbor|Apr. 16, 5 pm!
Coos Bay...! Newport Apr. 17. 9 am^Pler 11
Doric tChtna&JapanlApr. 17. 1 pmiPMSS
Nort>- Fork Humboldt (Apr- 19. 9am!r>r 3
Columbia .. Portland lApr. IS, 10am!Pier!4
City Para.. Panama.. !Apr. is. 12 mi PMSS
Arcata ICoos Bay lApr. 13. 12 mlPlerlS
Moana (Sydney [Apr. 13. S pmiPler T
Corona [San Diepo 'Apr. 13. 11 amlPlerll
Wheat No. 2— !
April
May
July
September
Corn No. 2—
April
May ...•:
July
September
Oats No. 2—2 — ,
May ?....
July
September
Mess Pork, barrel-
May
July
I>ard, per 100 lbs —
May
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs.
May
July
September
ARTI
LE£
Open. Hish. Uow. Close.
66%
66% 67 66% 66%
68 6SU 67% 67'/,
68% 68^ 68% 65%
38%
39% 39% 38% 38T4
40% 40% 39% 39%
40% 41Vi 40% 40%
24% 24% 24% 24%
24% 24% 24 24%
23% 23% 23% 23%
12 62V4 i 2 72H 12 37 V6 12 67^
12 75 12 87^ 12 50 12 80
6 82% 700 6 82% 700
690 7 12H 690 700
700 7 17% 700 7 17%
6 95 7 02% 6 95 7 00
690 7 02% 690 700
6 92% 7 02% 6 92% 7 00
p
D Time ITime Tlm« Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
?LW H W I. W HW
U ... 4:30 l.« 11:03 4.7 4:16 1.0 10:4 a «•<
14 ... 4:59 O.«) 1t:45 4.7 4:4(1 2.2 11:10 5.<
15 .. 6:33 0.2 12:30 4.« 5:19 2.5 11:35 5.4
18... «:10 0.0 1:15 4.5 5:52 2.7-...^.
HW L, W HW I.W
17 ... 0:02 5.4 8:51 -9.1 2:03 4.5 «:J1 |.
IS ... 0:35 5.4 7:55!-0.2 2:56 4.5 7:19 t.
19 .. 1:15| 5.4 8:251— 0.1f 3:521 4.4 8:17| S.I
From.
Due
Steamer
Sar.ta Rosa S«n D1««o
Newburs Grays Harbor
Arcata Coos Bay
Aloha Crescent City
Jeanie [Oyster Harbor
Columbia Portland
North Fork...k. HumboMt •
Coos Bay A Newport ¦
Lapnna Tillamonk
South Portland. Oyster Harbor *
Empire Coos Bay
Nippon Maru... China and Japan
City of Puebla. i Victoria & Puget Sound
Corona .San Diego
Titanla 'Nanatmo
Wellington 'Oyster Harbor
Pomona 'San Diego
"Willamette ....lSeattle
Crescent City... <>^s-«>nt City
Mackinaw 'Seattle
Matteawan Tacoma
"Warfleld iOyster Harbor
Bonita" ; Newport
Del Norte IPort'and
Peru (Panama,
Point Arena 'Point Arena;
Samoa iHuir.boldt
State of Cal iPortlanJ
.lAor. a
?|Apr. 13
? Apr. 14
..'Apr. 14
..Apr. 14
..[Apr. 15
..Apr. U
..lApr. 15
..lApr. 1«
..I Apr. 18
..I Apr. 11
..(Apr. Yl
dlApr. 17
.."Apr. 17
..!Apr. 17
..i.Apr. 17
..lApr. 17
..|Apr. 17
?'Apr. H
..jApr. IS
..Apr. 18
..Apr. IS
..'Apr. 13
..lApr. 19
..'Apr. 15
..I Apr. 19
..[Apr. 19
.JApr. 2>
r>; __
Steamer
Destinatic
Sa
Pier.
fa
State of CaliPortland Apr. 13. 10 am Pier 2*
Bonita [Newport Apr. 13. 9am!Plerll
Pt. Arena.. (Point Arena.. Apr. 14. 2 pmiPler 2
Pomona ..JHumboldt Apr. 14. 2pm Pier 9
Samoa- JHumboldt Apr. 15. 10am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San D!»&0..... Apr. 15. 11 am Pier It
Oiifrn IVIe A P«"t Sd.'Apr. V. l*>am!pier »
NewbuJTr ...|Orays Harbor|Apr. 16, 5 pm!
Coos Bay...! Newport Apr. 17. 9 am^Pler 11
Doric tChtna&JapanlApr. 17. 1 pmiPMSS
Nort>- Fork Humboldt (Apr- 19. 9am!r>r 3
Columbia .. Portland lApr. IS, 10am!Pier!4
City Para.. Panama.. !Apr. is. 12 mi PMSS
Arcata ICoos Bay lApr. 13. 12 mlPlerlS
Moana (Sydney [Apr. 13. S pmiPler T
Corona [San Diepo 'Apr. 13. 11 amlPlerllDo not. miss r The t Call's
Easter^ numbef—K>ut » April 15.
11l addition to interesting and '
timely articles appropriate for
the joyous closing of the Lent-
eniseason, thera willj.be some
full;page. half tone productions
of specially chosen subjects by.
leading- artists ;• of V America.
You will want ;these for deco-
rative posters. .:
Three Drowned.
SAN PEDRO, April 12.— Two men, Peter
Earsen and Joseph Madsen, and a woman
known as "Cast Iron Kate" were drowned
near the bell buoy at the entrance to the
outer harbor yesterday. The. bodies have
not been recovered. They were; seen in
a small boat at 2 o'clock yesterday, under
the influence of liquor, and later the boat
was seen overturned and the occupants
struggling in the water. The two men
were sailors.
Lineman Killed.
STOCKTON, April 12.— Charles Griffiths,
a lineman In. the employ of the Stockton
Gas and Electric Company,. was almost
Instantly ' killed about noon to-day while
engaged with Ermel Lee In' crossarmlng a
pole. Griffiths, -who was a new and ap
parently a reckless hand, grasped '¦ two
electric t light -.wires, completing a circuit
that would have kllledi a dozen men. -He
had been repeatedly warned on previous
occasions. " „
MADE A THIEF BY
HIS LOVE OF LIQUOR
Dr. C. F. Clarke Arrested and Con-
victed on a Charge of Petty
Larceny.
Dr. C. F. Clarke. 34 years of age. was
convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday on
the charge of petty larceny, and was or
dered to appear for sentence this morn
ing. He was arrested Sor stealing a case
containing surgical instruments from Dr.
W. ?. H. Osmun, ICO4 Leavenworth street.
Clarke is a graduate of a medical uni
versity In Ohio. His father was a promi
nent physician, and he has an uncle, a
Circuit Court Judge, in Flndlay, Ohio.
Drink has ruined him. He was arrested
sometime ago In Oakland for peUy lar
ceny. He has for some years beerra cook
on coasting vessels and ocean steamers.
He is a man of fine address, but is suf
fering from an incurable disease.
AMERICAN LINE.
FS V TOBX. SCCT2AHPTOS, LOMDON, P1B&
Mopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York...... April IS I New York May 9
St. Paul April 25 I Pt. Paul May U
St. Louis May 2 | St. Louis... May 23
RED STA?{ UNc.
N«W Vor\ aryi Arttwsrs.
From New York rrerr Wednesday. 15 noon.
Westernland ...April W Friesland May »
Kensinirton April 25 - South wark May 16
Noordland May i; Westernland May 23
fc.MPißci LIN&.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 13 and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent palling* June 30. July Jl. August 3*.
First and second class paseage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage arrly to
INTEP.NATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Za Montgomery st. or any of Its a«enu.
STREET COMMITTEE
POSTPONES ACTION
Railroad Representatives Ask for
Time to Prepare Answer to a
New Ordinance.
At the request of Jere T. Burke,
political manipulator of the South
ern Pacific Company, and William
Clayton of the San Francisco and
San Mateo Electric Railway Company,
the Street Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday postponed action on
the ordinance introduced by Supervisor
Magulre regulating streetcar fare for two
weeks. The ordinance was published in
full in The Call of Tuesday last and has
for its object the reduction of fares to
passengers who are unable to find seats
and compelling railroad companies to stop
their cars whenever hailed by a passen
ger. When the matter came up for action
both railroad representatives joined in the
request for a postponement. They said
they had many objections to offer and
would like to be heard before it was re
ported back to the board, but, owing to
the shortness of the notice, had not been
able to prepare a reply. Supervisor Ma
guire, chairman of the Street Committee,
assured both gentlemen that the ordinance
was a very serious matter and that it
could be adjusted satisfactorily so as to
please all parties. He also said it was
not the desire of the committee to rush
the matter through or to do anything ob-
Jectional. He therefore acceded to the
request for a postponement and Super
visors Connor and Curtis, who are also
members of the committee, joined him.
The committee decided to report favor
ably on the request of the Board of Pub
lic Works that the sewers in Chinatown
be flushed and that an unused cistern at
the corner of Clay and Taylor be used for
that purpose if the consent of fhe Fire
Commissioners could be obtained. The
Board of Works was also directed to co
operate with the Health Department in
the use of disinfectants. It was unani
mously agreed to recommend to the board
that $1000 be allowed the Health Depart
ment for the opening of nine blind sewers
in Chinatown.
Consideration on the application of the
Bay and Coast Railway Company for a
franchise to enter the city was postponed
until next week in order that the opinion
of the City Attorney favorine the granting
of th* application may be presented to the
board at next Monday's meeting.
CRANE SLIGHTLY BETTER.
Hemorrhage From Which He Was
Suffering Has Ceased.
LONDON, April 12.— Stephen Crane, the
American novelist, who has" been 111 for
some time, suffered a relapse and the at
tending doctors are now almost hopeless
of his recovery.
This evening's report from the sick room
says that Mr. Crane is somewhat im
proved, that his strength is fairly main
tained and that the hemorrhage from
which he was suffering has temporarily
ceased.
By Bicycle to New York.
Special Dispatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY, April 12.— Ernest
Werder, Jra Sutherland and Arthur Nel
son, three young men of this place, will
leave this week for New York and will
ride I the entire distance on wheels. The
starting point will be Stockton. They will
remain a few day 3 at Chicago en route.
At the Eastern metropolis they will be
joined by W. Phipps, who goes overland
by train, when it is probable the entire
nurty will cross the ocean for Europe.
Should they change their plans Sutherland
and Phipps will continue on the Journey
and Werder and Nelson will .return to Cali
fornia after making a tour of the Atlantic
and Southern States. Sutherland and
Phipps are from New Zealand and are
journeying around the world.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Minnie Livingston against Abraham
Livingston for desertion, and by Camlle
V. de Silva against JoalM.de Silva for
desertion.
OAKLAND. April 12.— F. Marion Wells, the noted sculptor,
against whom proceedings have been begun to eject him
and his family from their beautiful home, is struggling
hard to gain time In which to secure other, quarters be
fore he is thrown out upon the street. In explaining his cir
cumstances he says:
"I am a child ofinisfortune. I have lost my fortune and
my home, but I am not in search of sympathy. I have noth-
ing against Mr. Lawrence, who now owns this property, but
I am fighting for a few days of time In order that I may save
my models and working materials. I have forty tons of this
stuff, that cannot be moved at the behest of a constable, and
lam trying to get enough money to. save this. I do not re
gret ray losses. They were made for my friend. I am not a
seeker after sympathy, and I shall try and save what I can
and make a fresh start in the world."
KRELING WAS
KILLED BY
SEVERE BLOW
Jurors Unable to Get Any
. Light on Mysterious
DisaDp3arance.
Inquest Fails to Develop Evidence
Whether the Injury Was Received
Before or After Falling
Into the Water.
BERKELEY. April 12.— The Inquest on
F.W. Kreling. whose body was found
April 1 on the Berkeley shore, was held
this afternoon by Coroner Mehrmann.
Several witnesses who were not present at
the preliminary' examination last Monday
testified to-day.
Dr. Rowell, who made the autopsy, was
the flrpt witness called. He gave the re
sult of his examination, and stated that
all the organs were found in normal con
dition, and that there was nothing which
would confirm any suspicions of drown
ing. When asked If the embalming fluid
which had been injected into the body
would destroy any signs which would
help to give a correct analysis, he replied
that it would not.
"It Is my opinion." said he. "that Krel
tag came to hi? death from a shock
i caused by a blow on the upper anterior
portion of the chest. The blow would
stop the action of the heart or burst an
artery or blood vessel." ¦ » :
Mrs. John Kreling testified that she had
Iftst s»en her father-in-law at 1 o'clock
Friday afternoon, March 30. She did not
i enter his room until the next morning,
when Fhe found the bed disturbed. Krel
ing might have slept during the. after
noon.
Antone Pfelffer said he had known
Kreling for the past twenty years, al
thoußh he had not 6een him very much
1 during two or three years.
! "I met Kreling on the steamer Daunt
less Friday evening," said he, "March 30,
at 6 o'cl»ck. He eaid he was going to
Stockton for a few days. He contem
plated a trip East to sell some property.
"I was in conversation with him during
the entire trip. He felt very melancholy
because of losing so much property. He
felt blue about the loss of his furniture
factory and the Tlvoll, and seemed to
think every one was trying to rob him in
his old days. Mr. Kreling felt particu
larly blue when we reached Vallejo, where
one of his sons hud died. He did not say
anything of suicide, but was very much
depressed. ' *
"I left him at Antioch. He was asleep
In a chair and did not, to my knowledge,
ge^ off the steamer."
Solomon Kampe said he had known
Kreling for many years, but had not seen
him recently, until three days before his
disappearance.
"I was standing in front of the Colum
bia building when Kreling entered the
door. I t«?wed to him, but got no re
sponse. He merely shook his head and
walked on. I am positive that he saw me,
but was evidently preoccupied."
Detective C. J. Cody said he had taken
the steamer Dauntless to Antioch. He
had interviewed Marshal Sweeney, who
saw a man answering to the description
published In the papers of Kreling. Swee
ney saw him go to the door of Danken's
saloon and look In, but did not enter.
Danken was shown the bottle of whisky,
but did not remember selling any thai
evening to any one. He believed the bot
tle was not his.
Undertaker" H. B. Brown testified to
having found the bones of the right wrist
broken. This he discovered when dress-
Ing the body.
The jury rendered the following ver
dict:
"That death was caused by shock re
sulting from a blow upon the upper an
terior portion of the chest received by the
deceased from some source unknown to
the Jury." -:-•---
Native Sons of Vermont.
The Pacific Coast Association of tho
Native -Sons of Vermont will give an en
tertainment and ball to-night at Odd Fel
lows* Hall, Seventh and Market streets.
A well-selected programme of specialties
has been arranged, to commence at 8
o'clock.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Alontlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Tnurs. and Sat. »t 9:43
a. m.; 3:13. S:3O p. m. (ex. Thnrs. night); Fri-
days. 1 P. ra. and 8:30; SuEdays, 10:30 a. m.. S
p ra. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ISOB.
FARE • ......50c
fdMiJi^flL * ails vla Honolulu and
' fc Auckland for Sydney
y -^"T>. Wednesday, April U.
Favorite . Un« around the world via -Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England. «tc; $610 first class.
}. b. irntcivtLS a uttOs.CU.. *»gts.. .'l4 Mantseman
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 32i Market St
Policemen Make Good Scores.
The rifle team of the Police Department
yesterday held its fhoot at Shell Mound.
Prizes were given for those who showed
the most Improvement In their marks
manship, as follows: William Burk
holder. gold medal; William Wilson. $10;
Jame* Cnvanaugh, $5; Joseph Leonard,
$3, «nd Thomas Atchlson, $2.
"Oosi Paul" Helms, who has charge of
the police sharpshooters, has accepted
the defl/fcf the crack team of the tTnlver
eity of California to measure rifles at
Shell Mound next Saturday.
Taken Back to Ohio.
"WV R. Groff . who Is charged with hav
ing stolen $1500 from the Adams Express
Company while in their service at Dayton,
Ohio, was taken from the City Prison yes
terday morning by Detective Mcßrlde of
Dayton They left by the overland train
yesterday morning. Groff was arrested in
this city about a week ago by Detective
T. B. Gibson- .
Winkle's Suit on Trial.
Albert Winkle's pult to recover $15,000
damages from Dr. Edward Dlnkelspiel
vient to trial before Judge Hunt and a
Jury yesterday. Dr. Dinkelsplel removed
a cancerous growth from plaintiffs face,
who claims that the phyfictan told him
tha» the operation would not be serious
and that the growth cculd be easily re
moved, whereas In fact Winkle lo«t a
portion of the facial nerve, which for a
time paralysed hia face. Dr. Julius Ros
enstero testified on behalf of the defend
ant, and said that the removal of the
portion of the nerve was absolutely oec
eesary. and that after the operation was
ftarttd it wan necessary to complete It
to prevent possible infection of sound tis
sue by the cencerous growth. The cane
i* attracting considerable attention
among the medical fraternity.
IMPORTANT SEIZURE
MADE ON THE DORIC
Customs Searchers Beban and Campbell
found in the forepeak of the Doric yes
terday fourteen tins of opium of the finest
quality, 1600 cigars and 140 silk caps that
had been stowed awa" with the intent to
smuggle them ashore. The opium was
found In a teak log about three feet long
and eight inches wide, hollowed out in
such a way that the tins would just fit
into It. The log thrown overboard would
appear as ap iece dropped from some
wharf and could be taken ashore by a
confederate of the smugglers on board
the steamer.
The customs officials also seized 5850
cigars on the Government transport Sher
idan| : " ' '¦• ,*
BENEFIT IN AID
OF CHILDREN'S HOME
An Entertainment «nd Dance Will Bs
Given at Golden Gate
Hall.
A musical entertainment and dance for
(he benefit of the San Francisco Chil
dren* Home will be given to-morrow
night at Golden Gate Hall. €25 Butter
Ftreet. The following programme has
beea arranged:
Ad<lrc6«. Hon. Daniel S. O'Brien; violin solo,
(a) "A Lingerie," (b) "'Serenade," Miss Flor
ence L:i/sho-r; recitation, selected. Mies Linda
Johnson; specialty. Baby Dody; recitation, B.
S. Rurne; vocal solo. "Dreams." Miss Lillian
White'.ey: recitation, M!w Carrie Bivuner; vio
lin «010, selfvled. M<m FTcrrnce Iyipsher; banjo
*01... Mrs. C. I»flplder and Mm. J. R. Brown;
vecal aolo. "Could I." Mi?* Bertha F. Wad
ham; rpritatlon. »*lt<-t«wl. Miss M. Sullivan;
*cr«; and dance. M\rg Nlta Clifton and Chrta
Z>yi-ton. Herbert I. Bennett,' accompanist.
OCEAN TKAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers teava Broadway
- (w^ wharf. San Francieco:
\S^>__ For Alaskan ports— lo a. m..
f7KS?K. April 16. 21, 26; May 1. Change
f^gg^fw to company's steamers at Se-
EtC&ft^i XflS For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
KK2s!Cj2***;iJ C ) Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^KM^'iii*, Taccma. Everett. Anacorte*
8 • and New Whatcom IWash.)—
~""^«4 io a. m., April 16. 21. 26; May
1 and every nfth day thereafter: change at Se-
attla to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. .;' , . _?
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay —10 a. m.. April
1«. 19, 24. 29; May 4 and every fifth day.there-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cay-
UCO6, Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huencme. San Pedro,
Ean San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; May 4 and every
fourth day thereafter. .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obl*ro). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— ll a. ra..
April 15. 19. 23. 27; May 1 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenaria, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m.. 7th of each
month. - •"
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing- dates and hours of sailing
wltb^'i previous notice.
TICKKT OFF I OK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
MARVELOUS COLLECTION
OF SEA FLORA ON SHOW
The first day of tho sea flora exhibit,
under the auspices of the ladies of the
Forum Club, opened yesterday at the Me
chanics' Pavilion art gallery under the
most delightful auspices. The presidents
of all the local women's clubs were in at
tendance as the guest 'of the Forum's
president, Mrs. Alartln- Regensberger. The
collection of sea flora was pronounced by
the many present one of the most exten
sive and beautiful in existence. It is re
markable not only for the exquisite color
ing and beautiful form of the specimens,
but for tho extensive variety exhibited.
All the specimens are native ones and
were for the most part gathered In Mon
terey Bay.
Miss Westfall. who has ppent many
years In -preparing the collection, was
present during the afternoon and gave a
very interesting talk apropos of the won
derful exhibit. With the money realized
from the exhibition, which is to continue
for four v.-eek^,^the ladies of the Forum
Club propose to purchase Miss Westfall's
collection and present it to the Golden
Gate Park Museum.
AMENDMENT TO THE
SPOONER PHILIPPINE BILL
Senator Morgan Offers a Besolution
to Carry Into Effect Spain's
Treaty With the Filipinos.
WASHINGTON. April 12.— Senator Mor
gan to-day offered the following amend
ment to the Spooner Philippine bill;
"Provided, that in conducting the gov
ernment in the Philippine Islands the
President shall execute in favor of the
people there the, pledges of the' Spanish
Government in the treaty of Biac Na
Bato between Spain and the revolutionary
party in Luzon, which treaty the Govern
ment of the United States recognizes as
having been obligatory on. Spain at the
time of the acquisition of the Philippine
Islands from Spain, so far as said treaty
is consistent with the change of sover
eignty over the same."
This treaty provided ,. among other
things, for the expulsion of secularization
of the religldua orders, cmnesty for all
rebels, the freedom of the press In de
nouncing official corruption, representa
tion of the Philippines in ; the Spanish
Government and the abolition of the se
cret deportation of political suspects.
LONG SHOT WINS.
Gwynne at 40 <to 1 Surprises the
Talent at Bennings.
WASHINGTON., April 12.— The raud
horses had a clmnce to show their mettle
at Bennings track to-day, the track being
heavy from the rain of last night. The
surprise of the day was the victory of the
rank outsider Gwynne In the first race,
the bookmakers' odds on him being 4T to
1 He'won by a noso ahead of a big field.
Charley Moore was the favorite in this
race, and Rough Rider- was strongly
backed. ..Results:- - ' ' " »
Purse, five and a half furlonp*— Gwynne won,
Christmas Carol second, Shamokin third. Time,
1-12 • • ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦"¦
Selllne, four and a half furlonjc*— Educate
won, LiKhtball second. About third. Time,
:57 4-5.
Selling,- ourse, six furlongs— Sir Christopher
won. Lexington Pirate second, I Racebud j third.
Purse, seven i furlongs— First Whip won.
Sweet Caporal second, Tony Honigr third. Time,
Handicap, punse, mile and fifty yards— Knight
of the Qurtcr won. Double Dummy second.
Magic Light third. Time. 1:50 4-5.
MEMPHIS. Term., April .12.— John .F.
Schorr's bay filly Lady Schorr, by import
ed Eschor-Warmantle, . vron the . Ardelle
stakes for two-year-old* fillies at Mont
gomery Park to-day In a. hard drive from
Jake Markleln's The Mecca. Miss Ben
nett, who was played all over the ring for
the best thing of the meeting, finished
third., Results: . .: . .
Four and a half- -furlongs, selling— South
Breeze . '- won, Odnor • second, ¦ Frank Johnson
third.; Time, :57H- : ¦- rs -
Six' furlongs, purse— Alice Turner won. Gray
less second. Larkspur third. Time. 1:16%.
One mile purse— The Lady won. Florlzar sec
ond. Thrive third. Time.' 1:4454...
Half a mile, the Ardelle stakes— Lady Schorr
won. The Mecca fecond.. Mtjs Bennett third.
Time, :50>4. • - ¦- ¦ " ' • ¦
Mile and an- elehth— Ben, Chance won. Rus
sell R second. Bonnie' lone third. Time, 1:58%.
.Six- furlone*— The -Rush- won."' Miss Mac Day
second, -. Triaditza -third.' Time. - 1:15 H.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Department Will Provide
First-Class Service to Nome
in Money Orders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 12.—Representa
tive Needham to-day arranged at the
pension office for the establishment of a
board of examining surgeons at Bakers
field, California. The board will consist
of Drs. Shafer, Rog«rs and Smith, all of
.bakersfleld.
Mr. Needham alsd obtained from the
Postoftice Department the issuance of an
order to the inspector- to visit the Post
ofnee at Hantord, with a view of estab
lishing free delivery there. The receipts
ot the office are of the required amount
and as soon as the inspector's report is
made, the service win be granted.
Representatives Loud and Kahn appear
ed before the House Committee on Appro
priations to-day and strongly urged the
appropriation of 5137,500 for improvement
of the quarantine station at Angel Island.
The committee was impressed with the
importance oi nroviaing for this work and
it is hoped the sundry civil bill will con
tain an item making the necessary appro
priation.
Kann secured from the Committee on
Coinage, Weignts and Measures favorable
report on the bill Providing for the coin
age of nickels and pennies at the San
Francisco Mint, and it will soon be pre
sented to the House. These coins are now
minted at Philadelphia. Senator Perkins
Introduced a bill in the Senate, where It
W3S recently passed.
Pensions— California— Original :, Henry L.
barnett, Oakland, JG; Humphrey B.
Heaton, Veterans' Home, Napa, $S. Res
toration and increase — Charles L. Boell,
dead, San Francisco, $8 to $12. Increase —
.wiarcus F. Herring. Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles J8 to $12' Isaac C. Dennis, Fern
dale. $10 to $12. Original widows, etc. —
Mariana Boell, San Francisco, $S. War
with Spain— Original: Frank Leroy Kib
ber, San Francisco, $17:
Washington— Original : Jeremiah Strange,
Ortlng, $6; James T. Randolph, Spokane,
$6.
Oregon— Original : Isaac P. Jones, The
Dalles, $6.
Lemuel B. Cain has been commissioned
Postmaster at Staten, California.
Sehator Perkins and others of the Cali
fornia delegation have received a large
number of telegrams protesting against
the adoption of the amendment to the
House Hawaiian bill providing for the ex
tension of coast navigation laws till one
year after the passage of the act. This
amendment was secured by Representa
tive Cushman of Washington and a strong
fight will be made against its adoption in
conference.
"Numerous inquiries having reached the
Postofilce Department' from persons who
expect to reach Nome, Alaska, by the
earliest steamers and who. desire to re
ceive funds or to remit them from that
place, the department announces that ar
rangement ha 6 been made providing for
nr*t-class service in the money order
branch at Nome. Opportunity is therefore
offered to any person to remit postal
money orders, payable at that place, and
persons In that locality may remit in like
manner to any money order office." Every
arrangement for exceptionally good ser
vice has been provided by the department.
Representative De Vrles to-day present
ed to the House the unanimous report of
the Committee on Public Lands- upon' his
bill providing for rights of way through
public lands, parks and reservations of
the United States, for canals, ditches,
electric plants and transmission and for
damn and reservoirs used to promote Irri
gation, mining, manufacturing and to sup
ply water for domestic, public or any
other beneficial use. The bill is broad in
its terms and scope. It alms to extend
heretofore narrow privileges in this line,
bo as to mako available the waters of the
mountains of Caluornla. Including those
wuhin forest reserves and parks, for every
beneficial use to which they can.be ap
plied. ' - '
Jeff to Meet McCoy.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Jim Jeffries and
"Kid" McCoy were to-day matched to
meet in a twenty-five round bout on July
30 before the club offering the •largest
purse. Charley White will be the referee.
SPOKE OF REAL PRESENCE
IN BLESSED SACRAMENT
Father Yorke Tells of the Close
Union Resulting Between God
and Man in That Cere
mony.
The subject of Rev. Father Peter
Yorke's sermon at St, Peter's Church last
r.ight was the "Real Presence of Jesus
Christ in the Blessed Sacrament." The
reverend lecturer said that God manifest
ed himself through the sacrament of the
Holy Eucharist, whereby a closer union
resulted between him and man.
"The prophecy contained In the Old
Testament has had Its glorious fulfill
ment In the new." said Father Yorke. "and
God dwells more really with the people
than when he came among the Israelites.
In those ancient times God was with the
Jews in their temples. The sufferings and
death of hi* son Jesus has made it possi
ble for him to abide with Individuals
through the grace of the Blessed Sacra
ment instituted 1»j years ago, on the day
before he went to his death, when he and
his disciples sat at the last supper.
"It is tru/* that the Jews were the chosen
people of TJod, which fact wa* evidenced
in many ways, and though they would not
receive' his divine son. he was none the
Ipfs God among men. In the Blessed Sac
rament there is a union of the real pres
ence of God and man closer than that
which exists between the vine and Its
branches."
Father Yorke concluded his discourse by
exhorting his hearers not to fail to per
form their Easter duties on next Sunday
end thereby chow their love and devotion
to one who had died to save them from
their sins.
Frost in Sonoma.
PETALUMA. April 12.— The recent
frosts accomplished considerable Injury
to fruits in Sonoma County, especially at
Cloverdale and Sonoma, where the grapea
and early fruits are Injured. The apri
cots are reported' killed In several locali
ties. Word from Peachland. Forestvilla
end Sebaatopol states that those localities
sustained little injury- Petaluma fruit
men suffered considerable from the frosts.
Fractured His Skull.
"Hank" Anderson, a reaman on the ship
Alpine, was struck on the back of the head
by a sack of coal at the Folsom-street
wharf last evening and sustained a severe
fracture of the skull, also concussion of
the brain. He was treated at the Harbor
Hospital. It Is feared that bis Injuries
will prove fatal.
JOHN C. WILSON THROWN
FROM A RUNAWAY HORSE
Park Accident That Might Have Been
Avoided Were Mounted Police
on Hand.
The action of the Police Department in
removing the* old-time mounted police
from Golden Gate Park is beginning to
show its evil effect. Ap accident occurred
yesterday afternon to John C. Wilson,
president of the firm of John C. Wilson &
Co., dealers in coal at 900 Battery street,
which might have resulted fatally and
shows to what danger the habitues of the
park are subjected since the new rule has
gone into effect.
Mr. Wilßon was thrown from a runaway
horse at the big water tank on the main
driveway and received some painful
braises and a severe shock. Shortly after
entering the park the horse took fright,
and getting the bit in his teeth was soon
beyond the control of the rider. There
was no mounted policeman In eight to
stop the mad career of the animal, but
Wilson clung on tenaciously ur»il the
water tank was reached, when he was
thrown violently to the ground.
The horse then turned around and
dashed down the main drive. Captain
Thomson, one of the few who are still
mounted, bue on a horse that now needs
prodding, gave pursuit, but the site of the
old '49 camp was reached before~the run
away was brought to a stop.
Wilson was attended by his valet, but
the latter was left far in the rear when
the horse began his mad career.
ANOTHER TEN DAYS
FOR CAPTAIN DEMING
Time Allowed for Preparation — Sta
tions Assigned to Home
Battalions.
The court-martial for Captain Peter C.
Deming proceeded again yesterday, but
It got no further than another allowance
of time, for the defense was not ready,
and the court adjourned until Monday,
the 23d, when it will try again. -""..-'
When the court opened Ijt was found
that the accused had procured the ser
vices of Crittenden Thornton, and It was
he who opened proceedings with a re*
quest for delay. He said he had not yet
arranged his business w>'as to allow him
to attend the court-martial, and in addi
tion he had not been able to look into the
accounts which it Is charged are short.
He said It would save time in the end
if he could be allowed to dig through the
accounts of the accused and get familiar
with them. Instead of having to tak*
them as they came up in the,; trial. The
charge regarding - shortage had been
raised something over $400, .and the de
fense had already sent "East" for papers
which would throw some light upon It,
and for these, too. the defense wished to
wait. It was finally agreed to allow the
time asked, and the court adjourned to
the time set. Mr. Thornton asked that
the accused be allowed to move over
from Alcatraz, but this matter was left
to the u.scretion of General Shafter.
The disposition of the three home
battalions from the Philippines, those
from the • Fourteenth. Eighteenth ana
Twenty-third Infantry Regiments, has
been settled in Washington orders, and
In the same order is the paragraph trans
ferring the Third' Artillery headquarters
from Angel Island to the Presidio. The
battalion from the Twenty-third will take
station at Fort Douglass. Utah, and Lieu
tenant Colonel Eskridgc. now in com
mand of the Presidio, will more than
probably go with it. The department or
der transferring Coldnel Rawles of the
Third to the command of the Presidio will
be issued to-day or to-morrow. The trans
fer will take place May 1. The home bat
talion of the Fourteenth will be assigned
to Fort Wayne, and that of the Eight
eenth will go to Fort Keogh, Mont.
Another prisoner escaped from the
guard at the Presidio Wednesday. He
broke from the bunch while they wers
passing a bit of thick timber, and al
though the guards fired several shots at
him he made good his escape.
TRICK DOGS AND OTHERS
READY FOR SHOW RING
Preparations Are Nearly Completed
for the Forthcoming Ken
nel Club. |
The office of the San Francisco Kennel
Club,' at 238 Montgomery' street, is assum
ing an air of great activity. Countless in
quiries are being made from Eastern fan
ciers and entries are pouring in abund
antly.
The trick dog classes will be a great
success. They are rapidly filline;. Fred
Buehnell's champion smooth coated St.
Bernard Lg Prince Jr. will be here for the
show, as .will also a couple of dogs owned
by Mrs. Lee of Toledo. H. Taylor of Sau
nemlnr-Illinois, will also exhibit a brace,
with which he.-. hopes, to beat our local
cracks. L.orlllard Arden of New York will
send out his entire team of bull terriers
to try for. the Spreckels and Erkenbrecher
cups. Mrs. W. H. Crocker will show her
entire' kennel of .French corded poodles,
and Mrs. D.-.W. Horsburgh will exhibit
her handsome Llewellyn setter Sunset.
Mrs. Amy Crocker GilHg has promised her
French bull dogs and her entries" are on
the way here. Mrs. Henry J. Crocker will
show two of her beautiful toy Pomera
nians; her recent loss of two 'others, de
stroyed in the conflagration of Mr. Crock
er's stables, will be much deplored. Mrs.
i.enry H. Carlton, wife of the secretary,
will exhibit her noted Boston terrier. Oak
side Tremont, which will -be benched in
the same kennel with Mrs. J. P. Norman's
Lady Montez. The pair should prove an
attraction to visitors.. ¦
Handsome Residence From Which the Sculptor Is About to Be Ejected.
KEENEY NO LONGER
SERGEANT OF POLICE
Bather Than Wear a Uniform the
Physician Hands in His Resig
nation.
Dr. Keeney is no longer a member of
the Police Department. Rather than neg
lect his practice and don the uniform of
a sergeant of police in conformity with
the wish of the present Board of Police
Commissioners, Keeney yesterday morn
ing handed In his resignation to Chief Sul
livan to take effect immediately.
Keeney was appointed sergeant of po
lice by the old board of commissioners,
his duties being to look after the sick
and injured members of the department.
Ail went well until a short time ago whea
Chief Sullivan, in looking over the list
of the "folnest." came across Keeney's
name. Calling in his clerk he asked him
if the urbane doctor had ever done police
duty. The clerk explained that Keeney
was pupposed to prescribe for the Bick
members of the force, for which he was
allowed $125 a montn. Without asking
any further questions the Chief forthwith
dictated? a note to the policeman-physician
ordering him to appear for dut>- or suffer
the humiliation of being dropped froru
the roil. After thinking the matter over
Keeney decided not to make a fight to
retain his soft berth and yesterday he
ft s-c-nt in his resignation, together with his
*Fiar. Both will no doubt be accepted at
the next meeting of the Police Commis
sioners.
TO PRESS THE
STRUGGLE FOR
PROHIBITION
Delegates Named to Attend a
National Temperance
Convention.
Chairman Oliver W. Stewart Is tha
Guest of Honor at the Confer
ence of Oakland Dis
trict.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. April 12.
The Prohibitionists held a district con
ference to-day at Hamilton Kail. National
Chairman Oliver "W. Stewart was the
guest of the convention, taking part In the
deliberations over a State platform, and
this evening delivering an address on the
Issues of the campaign.
The conference was called to order by
State Chairman H. C. Needham. I* W.
Elliott was elected chairman and Mrs. H.
C. Taynton secretary. There was a de
bate over the proposition to adopt a plat
form. National Chairman Stewart and
Chairman Elliott opposed a formal plat
form, but Suggested resolutions. Rev. J.
W. Webb. S. P. Meads and Miss M. A.
Thompson«drafted a report embodying the
views of prohibitionists.
The following delegates to the National
Prohibition Convention were elected: Rev.
W. R. Goodwin. Los Angeles: Judge L. W.
Elliott. Stockton; Rev. R. W. Reynolds.
San Francisco, and H. Clay Needham. Los
Angeles.
Among the delegates at the meeting
were:
Rev. J. W. "Webb, Fresno: James I* Hlm
rod. State president of Young People' s Chris
tian Temperance Union. Pomona; C. T. Clark.
Napa: W. O. Clark. Drytow-n. El Dorado
County; H. Clay Needham. State chairman
Prohibition party, Los Angeles; M. C. Win
chester, superintendent of Good Templars*
Home for Orphan*. Vallejo; Rex. W. M. Wood
ward. Ban Francisco: R»v. George Merits. ATa
mpda; VoJney Taylor, grand treasurer of Good
Templars, Byron; Mrs. Cfiarlton E.lholm. the
rescue worker, superintendent of purity depart
ment W. C. T. V.. San Francisco; Judge I*.
W. Elliot. Stockton; N. Morcora. president of
the San Francisco Prohibition League; Mrs. H.
S. Taynton. secretary of the northern district.
Berkeley: William Crowhurst. grand W. P. of
Sons of Temcerance: Rev. F. H. Wales. Corn
wall: James Irving. San Francisco; Mrs. C. B.
Williams, San Francisco: M. A. Thompson.
Bast Oakland: Joseph Humphreys, Oakland:
Dr. Farman. president of the Anti-Saloon
League of Napa: T- I*. Hlerllhy. Alameda;
Mm. Georsre Morris, AUuneda.; H. L. Ross.
Oakland: Henry Stirling, Castrovllle; Miss
Sadie Edean. Oakland: A. M. Chadwick. editor
of the Prohibitionist. Oakland; L. W. Hem
mlnsrway. Berkeley: Rev. R. R. Bird. Oak
land; D. D. Schoeffle. San Francisco; H. W.
Stowe, Oakland: Mrs. M. Teats, national or
ranizer W. C. T. U. ; Mm. E. W. Glesy. San
Francisco: Professor 8. P. Meads. Oakland: Dr.
H. H. Bell, president T. P. T. U. of San Fran
cisco: Rev. O. W. Griffith. Alameda; Eugene
Wilcox. Berkeley; Reuben Wland. Oakland;
Mrs. Mead*. Minn Nellie Meads. Mrs. M. C.
Lord, editor Pacific Ensign: Rev. W. H. La
tourette, T. H. Montgomery. Thomas Walker.
L. R. Reid. R. H. Chamberlain. E. L. Briggs.
M. R. Haynes. Fred Head, Mrs. Joseph Hum
phrey.
Chairman Stewart will preside at Fres
no's convention to-morrow afternoon.
MARION WWELLS LOSES
HIS BEAUTIFUL HOME
LITTLE TO SEE
AT THE PARIS
EXPOSITION
Only One Group of Buildings
Ready for the Open
ing Day.
Several Thousand Soldiers Put : to
Work Clearing Away th» Piles
of Accumulated Rubbish
on the Grounds.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, April 12.— 1t is now clear beyond
doubt that the Exposition is much behind
that of 18S9 at the date of the latter's
opening. It is estimated by competent au
thorities that all will be in order before
the first week in June, and for the time
being all that 13 ready for public Inspec
tion is the magnificent group of buildings
running from the Champs Elysees to the
Invaiides and some of the palaces in the
main exhibition on -the Champs de Mars
and Rue dcs Nations, where the pavilions
of various foreign countries are placed.
Most of the sideshows due to private
enterprises, such as the Vieux Paris,
Topsy-Turvy Housfe, Mareorama of the
Compagnle Transatlanttque, the Swiss
village and big wheel, are either com
pleted or on the point of being so. The
exposition grounds from the Champs Ely
sees to the Champs de Mars to-aay are
as busy as a beehive.
The principal efforts of M. Alfred
Picard, commissary general, are being de
voted to preparing the Gallerie dea Ma
chines and Esplanade dcs Invaiides for
the visit of the President on Saturday.
In order to aid in the work several thou
sand soldiers were to-day brought to the
grounds and under orders of officers of
engineers aided In the work of clearing
away piles of rubbish accumulated there
and began the construction of roadways
and the laying down of gravel.
As after to-day's date no exhibits will
be allowed to enter the exhibition until
the -18th -of the month from the earliest
hours of the. morning thousands of carts
and wagons piled with boxes and cases
besieged every entrance to the various
sections. The mass of vehicles was at
times so great as to bring 'traffic in the
streets around the exhibition grounds to
a standstill. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, APRIL. 13, 1900.
TAKES POISON
AT MIDNIGHT
IN THE PARK
Beautiful Young Woman
Attempts to Commit
Suicide.
Swallows Carbolic Acid and Lysol
and Is Found Lying on the
Ground — Her Name Is
Helen Gray.
A beautiful younp woman, richly dress
ed, attempted to end h*r life In Golden
Gate Park last nlpht by swallowing a
double dose of poison. About midnight
I»ark Policeman Dearborn, while makinj?
his rounds through the park, was Ftartled
bjr a woman's scream. He Immediately
proceeded to Investigate, but as the
scream was? not repeated and the dark
ness was Ir.tense he searched for fifteen
minutes* without discovering the cause of
h!s alarm. Finally, near the Battle Cross.
fact oit the main drive, he came across
the body of a young woman writhing in
agony on the ground.
She was semi-conscious and It needed
but a rlanee to show that she had taken
poison. A rose protrudea from her mouth
which, when withdrawn, showed that the
clem. se%-eral Inches in length, had been
forced down her throat. The officer hur
ried the woman to an ambulance and sent
her to the Receiving Hospital, where It
was found that she had taken "a dose of
lysol and another of carbolic acid.
When she recovered conpeioufnes* ehe
refused to disclose her identity and all
she would say was:
"No one cares for me now; I want to
dip."
She was richly dressed and beautiful in
face and figure. She is apparently about
1& years old. probably another victim of
disappointed love.
The girl finally, after a great deal of
urging.said her name wasHelenGray, and
that she recently came to San Francisco
from her home in Oregon. The police and
surgeons at the Receiving Hospital, how
ever, believe ene gave a fictitious name,
the better to hide her Identity. She will
recover.
The Wstcht§ °9 for iho Gold fields.
& '* k* tes wJlen {t barks. It will protect your claim
& iiiP^" 3Bl2^!! anc^ su PPty you witk f° oc l-
s^J||||^ Winchester
%rimf/ytt\ AnwtfliMniiion
> J&0& i sMfe>& Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
S&^l^P^SS^^^ catalogue. It is free.
>^llilSiSw 1 Winchester Repeating Arms Co., J
' NEW HAVENi CONN » j!&*3
l^%^ ;^a/--7 418 Market st#f San Francisco, Cal.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe fHlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, ana
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on dax
of sailing.
S3. NIPPON MARU
• Wednesday. April 25th. 13C0
BS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday, May 19th. 1900
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14th, 1000
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offle*.
421 Market at., corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
THE 0.-R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMERS TO
I? O.R,.T3LufiL IST ID
- From 6D*er-»tre«t '"hart at 10 a. m.
EIRE iyl First Class Including Berth
IAItC $8 Second Class and ileais.
COLUMBIA sails ....V:.. ....;... April S
Short Lice to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Affent.
' 630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.; . •
Superintendents.
CCHPA9NZS (ENZBALE T3ANSA TLA.NTIQOi.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of CSS3
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at "
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Rrver. foot of
Morton at.. LA GASCOONB. April 13: LA TOU-
RAINE. April »: LA BRETAGNB, May 3; LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10. First class to Havre.
ISO and up-ward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45: t p«r c*nt re-
durtlon on round trip. OENKRAI. AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway <Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
romery avenae. San Francisco. •
BAY AND RIVEB BTEAMEBS.
11BUSINESS .CHANCES— Continued.
, LKT^OUR^TORETTrr. .^.7. 7. . .™ .....7.
SALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
' ......ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN SELL IT FOR CASH
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER, IC2O MARKET ST.
PHCVS JOHN U.
60-ROOM HOTEL — —
AND BAR..
60 BOARDERS.
Bargain. Price with DECKER, 1020 Market.
$750— SALOON on East St.: paying business;
rent $50 Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
$2750— GROCERY and bar; paying business;
must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$ISOT— FOR jale; one of the best located res-
taurants In city; owner has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Ad. box 8017. Call.
$3000 — FOR 6ale. a fine corner drugstore; owner
has two places: place Is making big money.
Address box 3018, Call office.
CORNER saloon; best location; rent $20; must
be sold before Saturday; make an offer. Ad-
dress box S4C2, Call office.
I WANT to go to Cape Nome and need $200:
glltedge security given with reliable refer-
ences; willing to pay good interest. Address
WM. W. WEBER. Hughes House. Third st.
FOR sale — Barber shop: good business: rare
chance. Box 279. San Luis Oblspo. Cal.
SHOEMAKER'S outfit for sale cheap: tools,
machine, laats. etc. Box 3437. Call office.
$6000— PARTNER wanted In lumber manufac-
turlng business; no agents. Box 3439. Call.
SALOON doing good business; good location;
owner leaving town: price $250: call immedi-
ately. BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY,
7E9 Market St.
$50 TO $15,000— Parties to invest amounts from
$50 to $15,000 for Increasing manufacturing
business; staple article; always In demand;
no competition; pays over 25 per cent per
annum: money secured. Address box 3413,
Call office.
jgno— PARTNER In the country In a nice cigar,
tobacco and notion store; billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.; expenses paid while here
Investigating. For particulars write lock
box 144. Geyeerrtlle. Sonoma County, Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, all rented; near car houses and
transfers; rent $35; going to Cape Nome.
1915 Central aye.
$SOO— CORNER grocery; no bar; new, clean
stock. Inquire 1126 Larkin, cor. Bush; no agts.
$350— CAUSE of departure; sell half-Interest in
well-established, paying business; full Inves-
tigation and trial given. Box 3421. Call office.
RELIABLE man with $1000 or more to travel
or manage home office; splendid opportunity.
F. LAWN. Santa Cms.
I $300— SALOON and cafe, with piano, for sale;
owner going away; rest $30; old established.
Box 3427. Call office.
PARTNER ¦wanted in fruit and vegetable busi-
ness; small capital. Address 432 Cortland
avenue.
BAKERY; brick oven; living rooms: store
trade; rent $15; price $350. Apply 428 Sixth.
STATIONERY, notion and cigar store; fine lo- |
cation, near 3 large schools. 300 Hayes st. j
• 4-CUAIR barber shep for sale cheap; party |
j going North. 3C95 Sixteenth st.
BAKERY store, 1105 Howard st. :*4 rooms, with
large oven and tools to-let low.
$360— For sale; groceries and bar and lodging-
house. 123 Perry st. i
I FOR sale cheapo — Complete brickmaklng plant;
gasoline engine: Quaker machine; capacity
16,000: located on Donahue road; convenient
for shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton. Sonoma County, Cal.
$3000 — FOR sale, a fine corner drug etore; owner
has two places: place Is making big money.
Address box 3018. Call office.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap: In the country.
| Box 2746. Call office. Oakland.
$600— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store
for sale Box 3035. Call office. t
FIRPT-CLASS bakery to let. 712 Valencia st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. I
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st. j
A BRANCH office for the reception o{ adver- I
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon;
2-seated spring wagon: 1 heavy and 2 light
I delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye. -. -v:-
NEW & ?<5-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work A driving horses. 16th & Valencia.
; fcELLING out. half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
1 wagons. 1140 Folsom st. near Eighth.
CAPE NOME.
I CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and j
best; no nails; no screws; won't break. 19111* j
Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
! WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno- !
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H. I
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250. j
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpel Cleaning Co.. j
4£3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
• STRATTONS, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
' Gate aye : telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Gra\e.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sl«k Esr>scially \
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
! Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
{ all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and I
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
t she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
j WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy '
without ever having come to see this wonderful I
woman. Consultation by mail is always. : uc- ¦
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence I
¦ Is kept sacredly confidential. i
Address cr call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. I
j Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh j
| aye.. East Oakland, Cal. ¦ i
N. B.— Take S. f". broad-gauge ferry and get I
> off at Clinton Station, second station from
I Broadway.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: cures diseases by gymnathy;
n*-ver falls; has the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture
of future husband or wife; gives lu;ky num- I
ben*; advice In all speculation, love and legal j
affairs: any one consulting the madam; will j
be convinced that she Is no sham; t ps on
race*; prices 25c and up; come and you will
be surprised; gives satisfaction to "very one.
1167 Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MKS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, is located at 43
Sixth st.: spiritual labor readings dally from
» a. m. to 7 p. m: circles every evening.
MRS. MARY EVANS, circle to-day. 2 and 8. 10c;
also Sat. t-ve. and Sun. ; read, dally. 143 Sixth.
MRS. HARLAND. trance medium — Test circle
to-night. 10c; readings 60c. $1. 136 Sixth st.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Fri. eve., 10c;
read., L. 25c. G. 60c. 1204 Flllmore, nr. Turk.
A RNOLD-DICKSON: sit. daily"; consult., /ree;
meeting to-night: all !nvite<|. 148 nth. rm. 1.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and healing medium;
readings and treatments dally. 24 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
MRK. ROBINSON. 16<8 Market, opp. lWi; Fit-
tlngs dally: circles Monday and Frldny e-res.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1123 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; clr. Hon., 8 n. m.; 25c
BRODTKORB will give readings to-day for
25c and circle at 8. 116 Sixth Bt. ¦
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister: spiritual
T<--adire* dally-: test clr. tn-nl*ht. Thurs. ai 2.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
Hay be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
etery; she. will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated: recover
lost* or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while in . a perfect
i trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular. .with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st. near Jones;
¦ hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best ndvtce In difficult
¦ matters. IS Fulton St.. near Larkln.
MADAM SYLVESTER, the celebrated scientific
i palmist and clairvoyant medium: fee. ladles.
60c; gents. $1; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 313 Eddy st.
r MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium: rei
turned; magnetic treatments.' 1206 Mkt., r. 15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CLAIR VOYANT. medium and palmist: all you
seek to know answered without questions;
satisfaction; readings 50c. -126 O'Farrell st.
MRS. SHELDON reads life fluently: business
advice. 850 Market St., second floor, room 37.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
¦ reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. • SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212V4 Sixth st. ' ¦
MMX RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice, names given; 250 up. 5 Fourth st.
MMF. SYBlLLE— Cradle' to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2Sc: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. -Room 810. 927 Market st.
•cottages to let.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement,
yard; stable If required. 1876 Fifteenth . St.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our ¦psclalty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 1
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $3; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prites; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 60c: painless extraction, 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 963 Mlsslon.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set: extracting 60c; gas given. ' - •
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnartz. 6 Turk; painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open Bund, till 13.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third St.; crown-
bridge work: ext. painless; full set teeth $7
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and. Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. •
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. ¦
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
__j DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills, by all druggists or. at the dog hospital.
510 Golden Gate aye. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 7Rc: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: does boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
6. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March, 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory- All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Poet, over O'Connor&Moff.att.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpylng. languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80- page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged In departments; pay only for what
you get. Call or address 819 Market st.
A HIGH grade school — Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market at.. San Francisco.'
BOOKKEEPING as it Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES'. leading business college, 723 Market:
individual Instruction: bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by. mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best Bj-Btem." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission ;vlolin, guitar.
FRENCH. Spttnlnh.etc.Prof.De Filippe's Academy
of lan(rnajre«,32rt Po«t;efitab'd 1871: Jihlont pr.ifV.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.*
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^XPANESE-CHlNESE^Coiuractor anTlCnv
ployment Office furnishes beßt laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Poet St.; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office —
Best help. 417 Powell St., telephone play S6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office^
Best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMI'LOYMENT WANTED KEMALkT
AN American woman wishes situation to do
any kind of work; Is first-class t laundress
and good housekeeper; will work by day at $1
and carfare. 153V4 Third St., r. 5, upstairs.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place; Is
good cook and housekeeper; light -work; mod-
erate wages; city or country. Address 341
Minna St., between Fourth and Fifth. -
AN elderly woman, good Boston cook, would
like to get a place to cook; city or country;
best of references. 228 Minna st.
WANTED — A situation; a lady, about 36 years,
as chambermaid or waiting at tables; In city
preferred. Apply 965 Mission Et.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes place an
housekeeper for respectable position. MISS
H., 1020 Howard St., room 21. {
SECOND girl desires position; Pan Rafael or
Ross Valley; references. Box 211, San Rafael..
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call at 100 Fourth St., room 7.<. .
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant widow desires a
position'aa housekeeper In a widower's fam-
ily where *he can have her boy. of 8 years
with her; will take entire charge;, first-class
references; city or country; none but those
meaning strictly business need answer this.
Address MRS. D. A., 418 Jones St.. city.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, speaking French, wishes
any kind of light housework or plain sewing;
city or country: more. of a home than, com-
pensation. Address box 3433. . Call office. .
YOUNG lady desires a position as bookkeeper
and typewriter; has had two years' experi-
ence. Address box 3431, .Call office. .<
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged woman wishes
work by day; do washing or cleaning. 1126
Howard st. .
RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework by
the day; $1 and car fare. 758 Howard st.
YOUNG lady having practical I experience :. as
bookkeeper and typewriter desires work of
any kind. in a business house; references; city
or country. Box 3426,' Call. ".:';. ',
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
Bnglish. wishes a : position to . take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe..
Apply or. address : 215 .Union st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Ma r-
ket; 200 rooms: & to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to ¦ and from • ferry. ... ... -. .-,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce.- 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tUements and subscriptions has been opened
. at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p.m. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10tt ,V*>
lencla it.
EMPLOYMENT ; WANTED- — MALE.
BRIGHT French boy, neat appearance, 14 years,
who understands little English, wants situa-
• tlon for store work; references. E. MARTY,
care of Legallet Tanning Co., South San Fran-
: Cisco. ' . ¦•> --. •-
MAN wishes position as caretaker, or man
about place, or, porter, or any place of trust;
references. 622 Stockton st.
COMPETENT, all-around cook for English,
French or German kitchen wishes a situation;
country preferred. Address box 3464, Call.
YOUNG man: wishes a situation to, learn bar-
tending; city or country. Address box 3464,
Call office.
RELIABLE, man wants position as chief cook,
hotel or restaurant: first-class city reference.
Address JONES. 615 Larkln Bt. ._
YOUNG Frenchman who speaks some English
wants situation In private family to do house-
work; references. L. PICHON. 514 Bush st.
MAN wishes : position as Janitor or coachman
for a Protestant private place; also handy
¦ around the house and garden; good hand with
horses and very handy with tools; has good
reference; is steady, honest. Industrious and
willing. WILLIAM WILLIAMS. 704% Mls-
,.' slon Bt.
MAN and wife want situations; man willing
to do any kind of work: woman as chamber-
mald or housekeeper. Box 3412, Call office.
EXPERIENCED man cook wants situation In
hotel, boardlng-h.se.. sum, resort. 515 Ash aye.
MAN wishes position as teamster, porter or
watchman, or any kind of work. Address
A. E.. 1235 Market St., room 6.
JAPANESE cook wants situation in family:
has had long experience. Address T.K., box
2328. Call office. .
GARDENER, middle-aged man, wants situa-
tion on private place; good references. E.
GARDENER. P. O. box 382, San Rafael, Ma-
rln County, CaL •¦-.•¦. ,»V. •*•¦¦.¦-*
DRAUGHTING; by young man, some experi-
ence: familiar with mining machinery; pay
nominal. Address box 3500, Call office. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has-been established at 1096 Va-
lencla. at. ¦ -
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071% Market st. : examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. EOc. Phone. Mlnf2s7.
FLATS TO LET.
A— BRAND new flats: 4 to 10 rooms; $18 up.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath. •
Metcalf place, off Geary Bt., bet. Mason and
Taylor.
FOURTEENTH. 726. near Market— B sunny
rooms; large yard and stable; rent $18.
IF you want to move get printed list flats -to let
from BALDWIN tHOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NICE sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
971 Golden Gate aye.; rent $25.
SUNNY lower flat; 4 rooms: newly papered;
116V4 Perry st. ; two entrances; rent $10.
SUNNY lower flat of 4 rooms, newly papered
and painted; 112 Perry st. ; rent $10. >jcUj^
TO rent— Small flat; $1L 11 Adelaide place, oft
Taylor St., bet. Post and Geary.
$15— LOVELY fiat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement;
take Sutro car. ¦ -:-..¦,
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
GREAT snap — Elegant furniture of 5 rooms;
brand-new; Lowell Axminster carpet; In use
only 1 week: flat on Lyon St.; rent $16. A. J.
MOORE, 1039 Market st. /
FURNITURE of 6-room lodging house: price
$50; rent of .house $14. Apply 739 Natoma st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays
the highest price for your £d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
HELP WANTED— FE.MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 185
...HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
Head waitress, summer resort, $30. see party j
here; waitresses for 10 first-class country
hotels, $20 and $25, many of thefti fare paid;
chambermaid, city, $18: chambermaid, city,
$17 60; 2 women cooks. $50 and $40; bread and
pastry baker, $40; pantry girl, $25.
..vFAMILY ORDERS
Cook, $30, see party here at 12:30, only 2 In
family: second girl. Redwood City, see party I
here at 1 o'clock; girl for power machine on
tent work, $1 day; 5 German cooks, $25; and
long list of orders for city and country too
numerous to mention. C. R. HANSEN &
I CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN shampooer for springs, $25 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook, small hospital, $30; German
cook, no wash, $30; Infant nurse, $20; 2 nurse
girls, $20; 2 nurses to take charge of invalid,
$30; hotel cook, J3O, see party at 11 a. m. ; 10
waitresses, $20, city and country; waitresp,
nice country hotel, $20, fare paid; S cham-
bermaids and assist waiting, $15, $20; parlor
maid and waitresses, $25; working housa-
keeper, $20; restaurant waitresses, $6, $7 a
week. J. F. CROSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls; German; wait and sew; $20.
2 waitresses at once; $6 per week and board.
ROOM 202. 927 MARKET ST. ,
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART, 230 Sutter St..
third floor; take elevator. i
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
wages from $8 to $10. 9 Lotta St., near Stan-
yan, oft Parnassus aye.
A GOOD home and pay for an old lady or young
girl to assist in light housekeeping, oil A
Castro st.
TAILORESS wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market st.
FINISHERS on coata. good hands, wanted. ¦ E.
MESSAGER. 145 Posfst. . • ¦ .
A STENOGRAPHER for Oakland; excellent
position ; must lnv. small cap. Box 3415, Call.
A STENOGRAPHER: good salary;' must have
small capital. Address box 3419, Call office.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
Apply 2342 Post Ht_, before noon.
YOUNG woman to take care of child; sleep
out. Apply 703 Geary St., room 44.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
2818 Pine st.
WANTED — Woman or young girl a few hours
dally to assist. 1907 Polk et.
GIRL for light | housework; good cook. 539
Golden Gate aye.
GIRL wanted: light housekeeping; good home.
801 Hayes st.
WOMAN for light- housework; small, quiet
family; (rood home; $10 to $12. 614 Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework, German pre-
ferred. 811 Van Ness aye. ;
TWO cooks for restaurant; 4 waitresses; S
housekeepers. 626 I St., Sacramento, Cal.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and general
housework. 2123 Pine St. *.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont St.; elevator.
WANTED
Girl for housework; no cooking expected; for
private family; $15 per month. Apply 1215
Bush st.
COOK; No. 1; Oakdale; no washing; $30 and
fare paid. 1003% Broadway, room 15, _ Oakland.
WANTED— Apprentice girl for finishing. S. F.
Mnfg. Co.. 409 A Turk st. . '
WANTED— First-class German cook; reference
required. Apply 2411. Jackson St., 1 to 3.
WAITRESS; neat, decent girl.. 448 Third st.
PROTESTANT woman for general housework.
Apply before 11 o'clock at 579 Harrison st. ,
WANTED— A 1 German girl for light housework
at 702 Capp St. - i
APPRENTICE to learn custom vestmaking.
»26 Elgin Park,' bet. Hermann . and Thirteenth.
YOUNG German girl to assist In general house-
work; wages $18. Apply 447 Nlnth'st.
WANTED— German woman for general house-
work. 2176 Fifteenth st. .•-....,
PROTESTANT woman for general housework.
Applyibefora.il. o'clock; at 579 Harrison st.
GIRL to learn pantsmaklng: good sewer; paid
while learning. 273 Minna st. .
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO;, 641
Market St. ¦.-'.¦
LADIES wanted— To- learn barber ' trade; only
.requires 6 to 8 weeks : to complete; day and
evening, class: Illustrated catalogue and map
of 'city mailed free; halrdreeslne taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. ¦' .
FEW ".' young < ladies to Join . nltjht school ; • low
rates. Ayres'. Business College, 723 Market.
A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscrlntions \ has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m. • '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 190<
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San F»meiseo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every r.lght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS9 McAllirter 6treet; open until *:S0 p. m.
CIS Lark:n street; open until 9:30 p. m.
W4l MIM-ion street; open until 10 p. m.
Z2€l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until S p. m.
]r*fi Valencia rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
irrs r^lk Ftrr-et; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftnwts; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
THE customary service of the Episcopal church
at 1 jra Oiun-hyani. Cypress Lawn, will b«
held i D Easter Monday. April 16. at 11:15 a.
m. Take ir.tn train from Third and Town-
send *ts.. or rllow an hour for the trip by the
. fan Meteo electrics.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commanrtery No. 1. K. , •¥•—
T.. No. *. i'oft si. — Regular assembly T*3j
THIS EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Order fO
of the Ternpie. All fraters courteously v*
Invited. By «-rder of the Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA Huena Is-,<\ ee o f Perfection No. *§*
I.— Meeting THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- A
ING at i> o'clock. Degree 4. JiXi-
" GEO. J. HOBE. Sec <Sttf
OCCIDENTAL Ixvige No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— THIS tFKIDAY» EVENING at _/V_
7:30 o'clock, third degree. Master Ma-XX
pons cordially invited. By order of the /Vi
W. M. WATER G. ANDERSON. See.
ENGKOSEINO
Resolutions and' diplomas a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. Hf aid's Business College. 24 Post st.
AOKNTs wanted.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling cur
novelty machines; write; on application will
send cut and terms. Thos. It. FxKtlt Co.. Los
Angeles. Cal. •
AGENTS for an all-round useful utensil; best
ever invented; $15 to $i 5 per day: profitable,
perrr.anent business. Call or write HERRICK,
Utl Brush «.. Oakland.
A GOOD proposition for ladies or gentlemen.
UU Market st.
¦WANTED— Agents everywhere to sell our stock.
Rf.:luaym<-r,s Oil Co.. 337 Parrctt bldg.. S. F.
ASTROLOGY.
"MAN. know thys?if snd^thy~destlrly^'; horo-
pcope cast by eminent Eastern astrologer. |
Send s<tc. with date of birth, to WILLIAM
FCHNEIDER. Fruitvale P. 0.. Cal.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
ofrist and palmist in the world: satisfaction
tr-iarantoed. 427 Oolden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without 6uccess; collections. G. W.
H«"»WE, atfy at law. ST.O Market, cor. Stocktn. |
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele- j
I hone I>avis 234. 410 Kearny st.
AI'VICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
V.\ DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
PHILIPPINES— J. Marirn Brooks, lawyer. Phe- i
bin bfr. : also Manila; Los Ang.; tel. Brown 207. j
F. H. MERZBACH, attorney-at-law. has re-
sumed practice at K'3 Cal. Ft.. Clunie bldg.
L S. iIAHK, Emma Fpreckels bids.. 827 Mar-
kf-t st.: consultation fr»-e: no fees In advance.
BATH CABINET— HOT AIK. V.4POK.
ROBINSON $j 4-pan^l folding; door opens firm
ami rafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 42< Ellis, j
BELGIAN UAKES.
BELGIAN HARES.
Additional to the largest stock of Imported
and thoroughbred Belgians in the State we
have a full line of Belgian hare supplies of
the latest patterns In lots to suit.
Grain self-feeders.
Water self-feeders,.
Hay racks.
Improved rabbit Jars.
Literature.
I'rinung supplies, etc. .
Han Francisco Belgian Hare Co., office
Erreckels Market, rabbltry 1015 Shotwell St.;
ci..tn daily until Bp. m.; call.
LORD ESSEX. Imported, fee $15; Teddy Roose-
velt, winner first prize L. A.. $15: Britain
Prince, own 6on of Lord Britain. $W: Dandy j
Ftyles. o*n son of Sir Styles, imp.. $10; Kil- j
<ia,r» Imp., 15. High-class does, from $10 to
JTj fired): also grand bucks for sale. F. E.
MASON. 1719 Everett st.. Alameda, Cal. Vis-
itors welcome, except Sundays.
TWO pairs fine Belgians: two extra fine does, j
very red; Lord Lytton. Lord Liverpool <
strains; pedigreed; bargains if taken now. i
221 V* Turk «.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian hares rrom all the
greatest winning strains. Champion Edlnboro
11. J^nrd Rrjtain and ethers. Tremont Rab-
Ht?y. 24S Sacramento i-t.: phone West 237.
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Headed by Pala?e J
Royal, scoriig « prizes: ether bucks at stud
i.r. ¦ for sale; does of all grades and strains.
bred ana unbred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd. j
PALF.PROOM for the Laurel Dell* Rabhltry of
Fallr.as, Cal.. at. the Montgomery market. 735
Mr.rket st.; agents for the Meadow Brook
IVlpian Hare Company of Los Angeles.
THE Enclnal Rabbi try. Haslett & Bew. ITJ
Grand St.. Alarm-da.: correspond, solicited.
CHOICE alfalfa for Belgian hares. 20 Golden
—
Hii\KUl\«. FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children, 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month: large sunny yard; select j
neighborhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. 1304 Post. bet. Geary and Sutter.
ONE or 2 children to board: nice sunny yard;
good home; references. 813 Mission st.
GOOD board for one or two children; nice
home. l(g0A Capp st.
UOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
_ l i ___ _ ._..^_,.,_. _ ..^ _,.,_ ,_,
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged'
H'l-"» Ti-yk On. -!» MlmHb st. near Third.
limn A>U ;»HOKSBAnGAINg: ;
BARGAINS in ladies' and children s^shoeii:
drummers' samples at manulacturer's cost, i
¦T KOHI.KECKKR. I<T. Fourth St. j
ItlMMisS CHANCES.
A-llKtO; BAKHHY on leading business street;
Wetiterr. Add^ion; rent $Cj; 3 horses, wagon; [
t new ovens; baking Z\i barrels per day: sick- {
n*** cause of sale. Ste R. G. • WILKE. VJ6 ¦
A— $000; PARTNER wanted In old establliihed 1
and first-class paying corner saloon; retiring |
partner to leave :or Nome- a splendid offer I
<all R. O. WILKE. tt>6 Market rt. ' ;
A— $12iu; CORNER saloon; established for many
yeare and doing a rushing business; rent
$42 CO; tirst location on Kansome st.; owner
clears above $15,0 per month. R. G. WILKE
VC€ Market st.
A— J7io; CORNER ealoon. with 11 club and la-
dies' roome; rent $40; place established for
years, very bffi location: first clans; paying.
Call K. G. WILKK. l'O6 Market st.
A— J22f-0; CORNER crocery and bar on Hayes
ft.; rt-nt t2i. Including rooms; large stock of
liquors and frrocerieß; a first-class, paying
t>ii«in«sfc. Inquire It. G. WILKE. »>t Market.
A— s2ooo: CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
livirs rooms; rent JiO; 3 years' lease; the best
oorn<-r or. Mission st.; place doing a cood
payiog <a*h !>usln<tif ; full value, in Eight.
Call It <1. WILKE. t<&6 Market st.
A— S2iO: CXQAB store; clearing $4 dally; splen-
did location: Market and East ste.; rent $12
Call K. G. WILKK. K*s Market St.
J27»— CIGAR store; centrally located; come
quick COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A CANIjY store: best In city; receipts $20 dally
COWING & CO.. 71* Market st.
A HOARDING and livery stable; fine location.
COWING & CO.. 71S Market et.
A BRANCH bakrry. clrar. candy and notion
etore: bargain. COWING & CO.. 71* Market.
GROCERY end ealoon: 3 living rooms: cheap
rer.t: long lease. Call Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal, fl'J',4 California st,
TRANSFER saloon; cheap If sold this- week?
Liquor dealers' Journal, ttthi California st.
XiAKGAIN !or buying or eelllne saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Jourral. SCSH California st.. room 1.
$300— PARTNER wanted In good paying saloon;
st'-a'ly man required. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 I t Market et.
S3CO— BAK'CRY with oven; bargain this day.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777-* Market si.
QUICK sale* is our motto.
Should you want to buy. sell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you in every respect. BROCKLEHURET &
MEOLADDERY. 759 Market «.
fJOCO-^FINE livery and feed stable; everything
complete; clear* $200 per month: sickness
cause of sale. JONES & CO.. tts Market st.
A— SrOO— PARTNER; moving and storaß* busi-
ness: tIEO monthly. KREDO&CO.. 22V» Geary.
PARTNER wanted In established summer re-
Kort; Santa Cruz Mountains. Address Owner.
box 340e. Call office. - . -. ' ¦¦
FOR sale — Good-paying country hotel; choice
location. C. HENDERSON. 304 Montgomery.
INTEREST In large dental practice of long
¦Unding; excel, opportunity. Box J46J, Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
' also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and»7 years
old: DALZIEL. vet. dent., 605 Golden Gate ay.
•LIGHT express,- $35; business wagon. $23; road
buggy.. s2s; road cart. $12 50. 19 City Hall ay.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltxer's
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
HORSE and spring wagon for sale; cheap. 206
Twelfth st.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
18-ROOM house near the Call office; fine paying
house; clears $100 per month; price $550.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
26- ROOM house on Market st.; clears $100;
price $700. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— M-ROOM corner; electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar: In Stockton 750
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2200
8-room flat; new; elegant 550
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office — 650
37 rooms: on Howard st.; only $300 cash.. 40)
25 rooms: on Market St.; worth Jl2OO 800
10 rooms; on Mason st.; payments 450
30 rooms; on Kearny St.; grand bargain.. 2COO
36 rooms; on Market St.; payments ISOO
TELEPHONE JOHN BL
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-st. corner, near Market; 30 sunny
rooms: brick building: fine location. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
WE guarantee full value for your money: we
have houses to suit you; many bargains;
money loaned buyers. SCHWEINHARD , A
CO.. 817 Market at., opposite .Mason. '
$575— ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms,
bath, laundry; nice yard; permanent roomers:
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE. 24 rooms; for 2 days
only, Thursday and Friday, on account of go-
ing East. 643 Howard st.
FLAT of 6 rooms, furnished: all full: must be
sold; rent reasonable. 212H Sixth St.; a bar-
galn. '
PARTY wishing to. .sell lodging house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st : new cash buyer dally.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market it.. sell 3 lodging
- houses, businesses, city, country real estate.
FOR eale — Rooming house: 322 Jessie st.; ac-
count death; no reasonable offer refused.
8-ROOM house; nicely furnished; always filled;
rent $16: cntl.; reas.; no agts. Box 3097, Call.
CHANCE.— II-room house: 2 baths; 3 patent
closets; lot 20x68:2: rent $30. Apply bakery,
Broadway, and Leavenworth.
HOUSES — LODGING To Let.
CENTRALLY located sunny corner; 75 rooms;
suitable for lodging or apartment house.
MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBPEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO rent — For the summer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, pure
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; 3
miles from St. Helena: % mile from station.
For particulars address* HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena, Cal.: also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or. unfurnished.
A HOUSE: 5 rooms: in rear; rent very reason-
able. Apply T,63 Kills Kt. -
$S— HOUSE to let In rear of 225 Ninth st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — April 10 lady's ring: 6 pearls and 1 dia-
mond; Market St., bet. Sixth and Eighth. Re-
turn to barber shop 1179 Market St.; rewatd.
LOST— Brown Spaniel pup; white spot on
breast. Reward if returned to 1324 Mason st.
CAME to my premises, young fawn-colored
greyhound. Owner can have same _by paying
expenses. 15S Hickory aye. *
$10 REWARD— Large Maltese cat. Return to
705U Valencia st.
MEDICAL.
DRS . G OOD W I N , the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
day: 15 years' successful practice In S. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 1007 Vi Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist : safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023% Market st.
DR. KG TOY KEE, late of Canton, China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearnyr all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office, $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, ¦ $5; any ailment: consultation free. 942
Post st., between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market, ladies' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable: consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment, $o.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Oate aye.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
$500 FORFEITED to sufferers from rheuma-
tism, eczema, dropsy or any blood or skin
disease which Anldrosjs medicated baths will
not cure: call or send for booklet. DR.
CONANT. 47 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
ONE second-hand metal turning lathe, planer,
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
steam pump, Emery gear; also pipe fittings;
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
CONCERT size guitar for $14; cost' originally
$30. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
AN almost brand-new large-sized camera, made
by the Rausch & Lamb Optical Co. for $60,
to be sold for $25 at UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye. -
FOR sale— One second-hand metal turning
lathe, planer and drill attached; also one
second-hand No. 2 Hooker steam pump,
Emery gear: also pipe fittings; one automo-
bile, nearly completed; one second-hand 227-lb
I'eter Wright anvil; one 7 horse power gas
engine. 843 Howard St.
12 HP. double cylinder marine engine; gaso-
line; almost new. WHITE. 364 14th. Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machintiy. en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
GASOLINE launch, 32 ft. long, «H ft. beam. 5
H. P. engine, in good order, with cabin, $373.
G. W. WOODS. S. F. G. P. O.
A BARGAIN— Soda water machine; two foun-
tains and generator; never been used. 117
Hyde st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
TENT for sale; 10x12; good as new. Call at
719>£ Howard St.. upstairs.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. 9th.
FOR sale— 20-honnepower horizontal slide valve
engine. Inquire Russ House.
FULL dress. Tuxedo, other suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton: phone Black 1201: postal.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. Misfit
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausasre ma-
chlnery. Mclntoah & Wolpman. 195 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; »d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1833 Market St.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest, attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scalp and fire and burg-
lar-proof safe. • 21S California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand] THE HER-
MANN SAFE C 0. ."417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar-proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES,' new and second-hand.' all 'sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market at., San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPL
933 Market St.. San Pranclsco.
OVE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont_
" MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
¦wa VI ED— Second-hand surveyor's transit. Im-
medlately. E. O. FISCHER. 1250 Sanche* Bt.
WWTED— Second-hand upright piano for
rash. H. L. WHITEHSAD. 1710 Market st.
jloMil TO LOAN.
AVYTroposltlon7^ny amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates tn probate. Interest
irf estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortea-es- confidential; advice free. O. E.
ffrgg* 5 roomje. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
ices undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bafe- ir"ortgages and legacies bought: no d«-
lay" get «ny terms before doing business-else-
wher? R McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. a.
«ir-HT v resDectable private place to obtain
SMBfifie
OV real e«tate Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furnuure or Pianos: no removal: any amount;
lo^westrltes^CK^RJc^. 1 26_Mont g ornery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond,.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 12« Kearnr st-1 room 9. rentable w£atj
place to borrow on watches, diamonds, lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and piano, without K™™ l^}^*
service: money direct: tomt "^L* 0 . 3 /' 0 '
tS and 69. Donohoe building. 11.0 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 14 P«£ * A fl R i s t l £*
loans to salaried people. HAB3HBARGEK.
322 Ellis St.. room 34. -
MONEY loaned; ub«ci»««» nog^gMMy man of
good character. G. H. FRESCva *«*».**.
Phoenix. Ariz- . _.
TO salaried people: without ¦«<&*«£•_*" {£?!"
nets confidential. Toualey Co.. 321 Parrott mag.
PRIVATE party, on f^nlture and pianos; 3%;
no removal: no commission. 6 Eddy st.. r. »i~
AVY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
othej^oUaYerVl. iT McRAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people w ' thout .^ c^ rt I t .^
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned" to salaried people on note '
Indoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and l 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
.^ffiFg a sgggg. ff jagg
TO salaried men. without collateral or tndorser;
other propositions ; private rr o m 9 - £ *?,££
Cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Xs"we~Tepresent the best make of pianos in
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of °ther dealers,
we arc the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $8 cash, $» per
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $- per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco,
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A LIST OF MONEY SAVERS.
Samples from factory which are crat of on*
regular line; such makes as Weber. Hardmaa.
Ccnover. Behr Everett snd Klngsbury: prices
from $150 to $200 less than regular price. Also
8 slightly used pianos from $137 up; easy pay-
ments. See us this week if you want a snap.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. U O'FarreU st.
A LARGE number of pianos yet remain of th»
Hamilton-Bancroft stock: Steinway concert
grands. Chickertng. Hallett & Davis. Elling-
ton etc.: squares. $25 up; uprights. $50 up:
banjos. 5Cc up; guitars. $1 up: mandolins. $2
¦ up. Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms. 30X-313
Post St.. sole agent Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
pianos. .^__^____
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»*
west of Chicago Is KOHLKR & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
nil other musical Instruments of all eraJ •¦»
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy ti»
customer.
KXAbE pianos: new scale: n»w styles. KOfct-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
WE know that we give the best goods for th»
least money; call on us and see our Decker.^
Packard or Boothe pianos. MAUVAIS. T- : §
Market st.
WE have Just what you want In the way of a
piano: prices and terras to suit. MAUVAI3.
763 Market st. ]
BUY one of our beautiful Olympla self-playing
music boxes on installments If you can't spar*
I the cash. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
A FINE Steinway upright: must be sold im-
mediately: also a fine mahogany three-pedal
upright piano. used a few months. $150.
Room 12. Flood building.
THE place to buy a good second-hand piano;
$45 up. . S.- F. Music Co.. 225 Sutter st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain Schmitz. IS Mc-
Allister St.. next Hibarnla Bank.
$75— VERY good upright piano; cost $2SO; for
sale on $5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
FINE Fischer ft Ptelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
FINE large upright piano sold for storage; $100
cash. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A BARGAlN— Steinway. $125; store open Ba£.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellis st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hares st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent fop
Francis Baccn and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'3. 21» McAllister St.
ET'PERIOH violins, zithers, old and now. H.
MULLER. maker, repatrer. 2 Latham ctaea.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
STORE to let— Fifth St.. near Fol»m- Inquire
at 322 Fifth st.
FOR rent— Elegant offices In T. ii! O XT
building. Mason snd Ellis sts.
PALMISTRY.
WATSON, the "only" natural palmist and
medium; full readings. 25c. 1581 Market st.
MME. Neergaard. Hres. St. Germain College ot
PalmUtrr: reads 1 to «. 81* Oeary. nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
BELLB^Oudry~Ts not a lady; he Is a photog-
rapher In Oakland.
$50 REWARD for Information as lo the where-
abouts of LILLIE-MAY HOWLAND of U
Anna st. Address JAMES R. McKAY. shlp-
wricht, 60 Anna st.
MRS. DR. L. BURGER, late matron of OeT-
man Hosoltal. N. T.. specialist for bladder,
kidney, skin diseases and cancer, office 104
Fourth st. A testimonial: Wm.. Osterhold. S«n
Mateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer on
my left leg. I was treated by Mrs. Burger.
106 Fourth st.. and certify that I was cured
In a short time. Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headache*, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully elfted hands. 1343 Howard st.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca hatrtonic preserves and
beautifies the hair: 35c bot.: Foamo Shampoo.
Sc pks- G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
20-IN. Switches for $2: this at Lederer"*; every
customer receives a pkg. of fine El Pertecto
Rouge free: hairdressing \he very latest. 25c.
G. LEDERER. 12 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
DR. PARKER treats all nervous. chronlcT
throat and^ catarrhal diseases. 1027 Market st.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bouzhM
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 50« Kearny stT
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market «t.
between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS on easy Installments from Imported or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.
632 Kearny St.. between Sacramento and Cali-
fornia.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O NOLTE.
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing-
suits made to order; fit roar. 2 Elshth st.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2SC6 Pacific aye
between Pierce and Scott: phone Stelner 3391.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden it. Oakland.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by using Talcott's Curling Fluid: IS
cents bottle.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
£ ot r' «rl hlrd •*•• near Market: 100 rooms:
Xc r> $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
IF you wish full value for your cast-«rt cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 413.
LADIES* snd gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllrerman. »M Folsom: tel. Folsom IHI.
ALASKA for rarments. hoods, mitts, leather
costs. H. M. HF.TNKMAN. IIW Sanaonv st.
JPHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR^,C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and . residency
VBX\i Market at. bet. Sixth and Seventh
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. /..PHONE MAIN 5548
• Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
3426 men wanted to-day, 7 a. m
6 carpenters, 8 hours, city job. $3 50 day
8 blacksmiths and helpers for 'shops, ranches,
etc., city and country.s2 50 day, $45, $40, $30 fd
Carriage trimmer, $90; band sawyer, $4 day;
24 miners, single-hand w0rk...... ....$75
14 laborers for a mine, fare $1 50.. 545 50 found
16 laborers for a silver mine $30 to $35 fd
No experience required of laborers for mines.
6 stablemen, city and country .Jobs, $30, $40,
$25 and found; 16 men or strong boys to pull
rhubarb, pick peas. etc.. fare 30c... 517 50 fd
59 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California $26, $25, $20 and found
29 milkers, different places $30, $25 and fd
Gardeners, coachmen and choremen.
16 .boys or men do chores, etc.. .s2o. $15. $10 fd i
29 teamsters and laborers, city Jobs. $30 fd
26 laborers, fare 60c; you'll cult $26 and fd ,
34 laborers and teamsters for San Mateo and
Alameda counties $26, $27 50 and found
386 tiemakers and' woodchoppers, $3, $2 50. $2.
$1 75, $1 60. $L 70c cord" 12c, 13c each, some
at mines; 59 scraper teamsters.......:..
• $26 and found, $1 75 day
Gang edgerman, carriage woodworker, $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
47 HOTEL cooks, for different hotels, cafes,
ranches, etc.. $50, $40. $35 and $25 and found;
chef cook for a mire, $50 and found; also
cooks' helper, $30 and found; first and second
cook, • small hotel, ¦ mining town, $40 and $25
and found: second baker,- city shop, $10 week;
15 waiters, different city and country hotels,
restaurants, etc., $30 and $25 and found;
kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NO experience required on these Jobs and
WE PAY YOUR FARE
25 laborers for the mills, woods and yards of
a large company, $26 and found: ship to-day;
call early. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
AMERICAN driver for milk wagon. $35 and
found; circular sawyer. $4 day; machinist for
country, $3 day; 3 machine miners and tim- i
bermen. $3 day; 2 single-hand miners. $2 50
day; 2 sash and door machine men. $2 50
day; blacksmith for sawmill. $65; blacksmith
and woodworker, $40 and board; 2 car men
for mine. $2 day; furnace man. $2 50 day;
sheepherder, $25. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
628 Sacramento st.
10 WOODCHOPPERS for mine, $1 25 to .$2
cord: 50 laborers for mill and woods, $26 and
board, fare advanced; laborers for quarries
and mines, $1 25 and $2 day; farmer for fruit
ranch, $250 year; 10 milkers, $25 and $30;
farmer for gentleman's place, $20, fare ad-
vanced; and others. -J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento St. :
WANTED— Second-hand baker. $60; third-hand
baker, $45; cake baker, $12 week; broiler, $55;
eecond cook and baker, $12; fry cook, $50:
broiler, hotel, $35; bell boy, $17 60, references:
young man to run dumbwaiter and attend
tube, restaurant. $30; waiter. $35, $30, $25;
waiter for Sunday, $125; dishwashers, $5
week; vegetable men, third cook and kitchen
man, $25; other hotel and restaurant help.- J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN &.C0.'5....104 GEARY ST
Wanted for the Coast Road; free fare.
Stonemasons $3 50 a day
Masons' helpers ...$2 to $2 25 a day
Rock laborers $2 a day
Teamsters $2 a day
Free Fare . Free Fare
MISCELLANEOUS
2 machine men for mine, $3 a day; 6 quartz
miners, $2 50 a day; blacksmith, country. $45;
woodturner, $3 50 a day; ranch blacksmith,
$35; wheelwright, $35; 6 farmers, $20 and $25;
10 laborers for the woods, $26 and board; 50
woodchoppers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second, cook, springs hotel, $50; second cook,
summer hotel, $50; cook for coffee house, $50;
2 fry cooks, $50 and $60; baker and pastry
cook, hotel, $50; pastry cook, hotel, $35; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $40: porter, summer
resort, $25, see party here; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $20. $25 and $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A MAN cook: country hotel; $50; mining town.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A MILKER: country; $25. MISS CULLEN. 323
Suiter st.
A YOUNG man to wasn dishes, $15 and found;
2 men, active, bright, salary. s4o.
ROOM 203, 927 MARKET ST.
WANTED— Steady, sober man for light work;
8 hours per day; will pay $.16 per week to
right oarty; small capital required. Apply
1016 Market St., room 10. •.!¦';
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; only 2
months required; first-class Instruction. For
particulars address Gordon Barber College,
417 N. Main St., Los Angeles, Cal. .-¦.•:.
WANTED— Strong boy about 16 years of age to
clean store and run errands; reference re-
quired. Address box 3461. Call office.
THREE waiters, steady work; 15 millmen; 20
lumber ptlers; 8 ranch hands. 626 I et., Sacra-
mento. Cal.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
538 Valencia st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
120 Geary st. .
2 GOOD barber* for Saturday. . 797 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday: wages $3. 89 Third st.
BARBER for" Saturday at 605 Fourteenth St.,
corner Washington, Oakland.
BARBER for" Saturday and Sunday. 260 Third
street.
BUSHELMAN wanted. PAUSON & CO., 200
Kearny st.
ERRAND boy. PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny
street.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market at.
COATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
ALL-AROUND tailor; ready to work. 220 Mc-
Allister st.
WANTED— HeIper on truck. and wagon work.
Apply at 623-625 Brannan st.
WANTED— Solicitor. 605 Francisco St., bet.
11:30 and 12:30 Friday.
WANTED — First-class pressman on pants. 724H
Market St., room 27. '
BOYS wanted. UPTON BROS.. Printer*. 4W
Market st.
WANTED — A good lunch waiter at 660 Howard
St., German Hotel.
WANTED— Boy to run errands. 1921 Flllmore-
street. : '.;>.'
WANTED— Stage painter Friday morning. 617
Bryant st.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard st. •:> -'
WANTED— A dishwasher, at 19 Powell st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men, of good" character, between the-
atres of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch tn height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.. or
630 X st..- Sacramento, Cal. ¦-. •:¦;.'
WANTED —An experienced lunch . counter
waiter with references. Address "Reception,"
Wadsworth, New
WANTED— Good waiter to go In the country.
Call at 422 .Third st.
BARBERS— 2-Chalr shop, with baths: in nearby
country town. DECKELMAN BROS., MW
Ellla st. - ¦ - ¦
BARBERS— Good 6-chalr 10c shop and baths;
a bargain: must be Bold. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
BARBERS— 4 Chairs: 15c shop; 4 living rooms;
bargain. DECKELMAN. 106 Ellis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel Jeseie 152.
HANDS for sash and doors. King Planing
Mill. King St., near Third. __^^
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 509 Kearny st., room 2.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires alx to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st. . -
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your. shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 682 Mission- st... bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BOY. 14 to 16; make himself generally useful
in factory. .' 723 Market st.. room 36.
WANTED — Laborers and' mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver ' House, 217 Third st. ; 150 lance
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO.'D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 1C
- — — ; —years' practice; Examiner. bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c nisht: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL" House.- corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to. s2 per week.
CLASSIFIED ; advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
- tlsemerits and subscriptions has been opened
, at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. '
CHEAPEST, and best in America— The Weekly
Call, -. 16 pages, sent to any - address In the
United . States or Canada one year for $1,
, postage paid. -V
12f "V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JKn^^JSg GUT* X EACSt *T. Established
£.« f»-s7-\ hi 1 *3» tor the treatment of Pnvat*
¦ftJJkJjS* Diseasea, LostManhrx.d Debility or
Eg^fiV s f~'\ riinew"earin3«m bodyanrt mlndan J
w-*?ft> Jt»^ s^tn Dl»***ps. rhpf!oc:oreur»>swbi»ii
se*'*jJ!2«."i ••triers fall Try htm. Churje* iow
J?.s(iiJ£ij4nr^«Knaranif*d. Callorwrltft
Or. J. *"- bIBRO.X. Box I'JiT. Saa i'raacUou
ffett Cft 8.00 wrYwr
Stages connect at Santa Roaa for Mark West
Pprtr.irs and White Sulphur Springs ; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Gerservllle for Ska?<s
Springs: at Cioverdale for the Oeysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Sprinrs. H'.rhland Spnn»\
KFlaeyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs. JW!a Bay. Lako-
port and BarUett Springs; at Uktah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blu« Lakes. Laur«i
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pornot
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Llerley'a,
BuckneU's. Sar.n-drin Heights. HullvUle, Orr*s
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Braxz.
Westport. U»aL Wlllltta. Laytonvllli. Cura-
mlngr"«. Ball's Pprt&xs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyw,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs»
Auced rates.
On Bundar ronnd-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of Ores (SO Market St.. Chronicle Via*.
B. C. WHITINO. R. X. RTA.V,
G«a«ral Manager. Gen. Pass. A«ant.
Leav* ArrlT*
Ban Francisco. la Effect San Francistww
i 1 October 13. 1 ¦
Weak Bun- 1599. San- I Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
T:W am »:» am Novatrx 19:40 am! 1:40 aa
1:30 pm 9:30 aa Petaluma. 8:M pra'W.2s sua
t:10 pm S:0O pm Santa Rom. T:35 pm| «:I3 po»
Pulton.
f JO am Windsor. It.Sia
Eealdsburs,
Lytton,
Qeyserrtlle.
t:» pm l.fO am Clov«rdal«. 7:SS pm 1:23 pc«
T;Joaci| IHopland and I f
I S:00 am| Cklah. | 7:15 pm[ «:3 pm
T:Soam • 13:» aa
1:00 am Guer&avWa, IJSpm
I: JO pm °C:22pei
T :33 am 1:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 am t:4oaa
and
¦ :10 pm $ .-CO prn I Glen Eilsa. «:05 ptn *:~ pta
T:3oam| B:Coam| SebastopoL \Vi:i<i am ]lD:2s aa
1:30 pmj s:otf pm| | 7:J3 pm| «:23 po»
Time >4 -26Si* H •E2 t i: % 1:1SH: ralle, I:4ft. Good start. Won easily, second and third
driving. ' Winner. W. R. Larzalere's b. *.. by Falsetto-Silver Thread. Castake the only 00*
able to give Tone an argument. Buchanan could do nothing with Wyoming. Mortnel a
disappointment. De Blaise no speed. Scratched-Orion 11>\ Lodestar 11<>, Montanus 111.
Time— %;. -2«; # :54; \, l:20»i: mile. 1:47»S: \^im. 2:U. Good start. Won easily, second ar.3
third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. f.. by Forester-My Gyps. 3iy Gypsy cut
out a lonesome, dreary pace that proved effective. .Sardonic _a bad or.c. .^ruww^ww
Time— l-16. :06H: 5-16. :36H: *W. :87%. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's eh. f.. by Take Notlee-Hoolou. Homage the best of a
ragged assortment. Scratched— lntrada 112. Phil Archibald 111. Moonbrlght 112, Mertda 103.
St -Rica 108.
1081. SECOND RACE— Sla furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward: purse. tiOO.
REAL SSTATK — CITY— fOR S ALE.
AN IDEAL HOME
AT A LOW FIGURE.
TT7so— New 2-stcry house In the growing
Richmond district: contains 6 large sunny
rooms, porcelain bath aad vestibule paneled in
..ak; big lot. Mxl2o; nice lawn and plenty of
flom-ens; chlckenhouse. eheds. etc.; charmingly
Eltuated: commanding views of bay and city;
electric cars w'.thin half a block; $200 cash, bal-
ence tZS mcrtfcl^y.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
SWELL FLATS
In a Belrcl Neighborhood.
J;l.2iO— Pay over 10 per cent; Buchanan St.;
I handsome flats; marble eteps; tiled vesti-
r.ule:; iauat sanitary plumbing: a fine In vest-
meet. LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery at.
A HANDSOME HOME.
A new house en Ninth aye., near J st.. 2
blocks from the park; contains 7 larre aunny
rjoms, finished basement. 2 mantels, large re-
ception hall, tine porcelain bath, bay windows
front and rear: panoramic view of park and
Lay; an tdeal home; rlose to all the park at-
traction?: price only $31M>; terms aarue as rent;
take Eddy-rt. cars 'llai£ht-at. cars transfer),
F^t off at Ninth aye., walk couth 2 blocks; a
.---.• ride: can reach town in 25 minutes.
going faft: going fast:
* sold in 38 days.
LTON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery «t-
PATS 10 PER CENT NET.
$22.1-00 — An excellent corner Investment on
Post St.. close to Lacjr.a; extra large lot; rents
steadily.
LTON * HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
$4750- Park panhandle district; new house of
7 room*, bath, etc. : wi:i be sold en terrna al-
mo*t as eaey as rent; fine large lot; on car
lin*: pleasantly situated; good neighborhood: a
very desirable hcrae in every respect; price is
very lew. ¦-.•_.
LYOX & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
"WANTED— To purrhas* 4 Richmond lots, east
cf Twelfth ove. W. J. GUNN. £30 California.
ONLY 2 left to close the account; will sell at
half their value; 2 lots. 25x120. In Richmond.
et JI2S each: well located: the buyer more
than double* hist money in the purchase; Cal-
ifornia Title Insurance and Trust Co. will
I?sue policy. W. J. GUNN. £30 California st.
SACRIFICE— New »-room, 3-»tory house; lot
2C:i'xloO. with, chicken-house, etc.; suitable
for flats; must be sold; make an offef; $20u0
or less. SHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento st.
HAVE you real eetate In the Mission or Hor-
ner'e Addition that you wi*h to dtcpcs« of
then call on W. J. GT^TN. 633 California «t.
A WEEKS new* for J. cent*— The Weekly Call.
** r>wg«**- *n *rarr**r. '^r tnailintr fl r*^r year.
HEAL tSTATIC LUI.MUt For Sale
ETOCK and train ranch for Bale in Colusa
County; 1240 acres; $10 per acre: 500 grain,
rest h'.M land. M. 6. CHANDOX, Marys-
Mile. Cal.
ALT A PUNT A Tract. San Pablo aye.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
r-.ai». etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 4CI Cal. et.
J. W. HORN. Sl2 Main et.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thcrourhbred Belgian hare*. Send
lor fit* list cf Sonoma County bargains.
A WEEK'S news for t cents. The Weekly Call.
1? pagrs. :n wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOISBKEKPI.VG.
ERANNAK. 725. near Sixth— 2 eunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent SS.
CALIFORNIA. 2^23—2 cr 3 sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeep'.r.g; reasonable; ref-
ereric^e exchanged: Drivate family.
CHURCH. 233— Furnished room* for housekeep-
ing cheap; corner building.
EDDY. 2^-7 — Nice, larjre. front furnished rocrn;
cheap; light housekeeping allowed; gas; bath.
EDDY. 817— Very pleasant and connecting house-
ke*plr.g rooms; epiendid location; priv. res.
ELLIS, 11TT — Nice furnished front room and
kitchen: bath and yard; private family.
FIFTH. S. s ?— Furnished housekeeping, 2. $10; 8,
$13 60. connecting; also single, $4 up.
FIRf-'T. 28 — 3 front runny furnished rooms,
suitable for l&ht housekeeping; rent $10 per
month.
GEARY. 2123 — One or two furnished rooms;
home privilege*; could do Mght housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. T3&— Large sunny room;
privilege of parlor; housekeeping; $19.
HOWARD. IBO«— L&rge front bay-window room;
kitchen: parlor floor; coacplete for. housekeep-
ing; private: cheac.
LARKIN, St)4— Larjre ronny front for light
hj'-sekpjr.. $10: large back rocm, furnished, $T.
MISSION. 1119— Sunny housekeeping room,
r.f-wly furnished, $6 per month.
NATOMA. €2— Two furnished housekeeping
roorr.s. $S a month; no children.
OTARRELL. 742— Nicely furniFhed. Funny par-
lor S->tt, 2 to £ room*: heusckpe. or otherwise.
POST. &C2 — 2 funny furnifbed suite* for house-
keeping. $20 and ill: 2 unfurnished in rear. $6.
EECOND, 212 — Furnished h~ureke«?plni? rooms;
also single rooms; clean and respectable; rea-
socEble.
TURK. 543— Larse frcr.t room with coal stcve.
complete for housekeeping, $2 50 per week;
also cinrle. $1 23.
TWO front. fl3; one large, Hfht room. $11; 223
Kearny el. near Sutter. Also one, O'Farrell.
near Powell. SS. Apply IS Grant aye.
VALENCIA. S34'j — Beßßy front room and ccn-
fiecting kitchen, furnished. $12: or 3 rooms, $15.
CLASSIFIED advertl*ement» and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. £200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertiaensenls and
fubscrtDt'.cns baa beea established at lOtt
V«>nrla rt.
ROOMS TO LET— >Pnr&. and I'nfnrn.
X— BluTNSwicK HOUSE] 148 Slxth^Rooms
£Sc to $1 per night; !! :: :j t: per week, and
ll£tu bousckeeping; open all night.
A— -THE ELMER HOUSE." IZi LSu*h St.. ad-
jdnlng the P.uss Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
BURNETT. 142S Market st. (old No. 1264)— Fur-
r.l«t.ed rtrs. suites single; also unfurni»hed.
CALIFORNIA. 705 <St. Peters Hous*)— New
bouse, oewly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON. I2t>6 Mar*ct. cor. Golden Gate
aye— Sunny corner: well furn.: mv. 4c offl^s.
FIFTH, IC7— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOLFCM. 565. corner Sixth (Th* Oliver)— Sunny
furrifhed moir.i: tutte« or einrie: new rasmt.
GEARY. 14A— Light, sunny room; nicely fur-
nxahed; from $1 uO up.
CEART. 40S fTbe Navarre)— EWantly furnish-
to" rocm«;«ulte« cr (ingle: travelers aecom.
GEARY. 65«— Elegant eunny back paj-lor suite*;
ether rooms; privilege light hskpg. ; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission eta.— Sunny rooms, en tuire or
tingle: ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK lIOUSE. 781 Mission St.— Sel»ct
Taar.'.y rooming house: $1 60 to J6 p«r we«k.
HOWARD. E2»— Rooma from $1 week up to JS,
2jc to $1 n'.irht: also housek^pirg romot.
HYDE, tr- Bedroom, parlor and kitchen; nicely
fum!*r*"3 {:r housekeeping; gas and gas stove.
LEAVENWORTH, I£2l— Furnished • or unfur-
z.'.eh*<i rocms to let.
MCALLISTER. 3»— Thre« large, eunny furnished
rooma.
MINNA €£T, corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. U7A (Avoca. House)— New; n»wly
furnished; r*nt reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
NATOMA. «••£— Nice front room; furnished; $5
per rT*TrV
OCTAVIA. IC2— Sunny furnished front rooms;
FB.T, bath, phone; suitable for gentlemen.
O FARIIELL. K>-Sunr:y furnished rooms and
cfSet«: elevator; electric tights: day, wk.. mo.
ORLANDO Houie. 98S Howard, cor. Sixth—
Euncy roorat: prices to «ult; open night.
POf-T. 125. corner Stockton— Finest transient
rocms ir. city; hot and cold water; elevator:
telepnor.e. ;. - .'
POWELL. ::i-L;cfct, clean, comfortable rms.:
fultf* or f.r.gies; running water; *a«: rea».
ROtEDALE H'-um. 211 * 121 Ellis rt.— Rooms,
clfht. t:.c -.', r. : week. $1 il to $4: open night.
BOTAL HOUSE, 121 Elli» st-— Incandescent
light, rrafiir.j room, smoking room and 'adlej
parlor; roon-.s per night. BSc to $1 60: we«-k. $J
to It mcr-th. U to $28; elevator on office floor;
rocms with rot and ccld water: baths.
BAN ANTONK). Ji Taylor «t.. near Market— An
op-to-<J»t» Creproof building; elevator: n«»
furr.ltur*; ret ana cold water; radiators; salt
_'««a cath»; «uiu* gnfl single rooms.
£H ERM A N~Ap*rtra»nt House, a Eighth «t-.
ctar Mtrk^-Fum;sh»g and cnfnrnlihed.
SHIPLEY. rs— * t/xiraf, $11; 4 rooma, $7: house
ti«fw. Set owner UU Guerrero rt.
STOCKTON. XI <over Pup RotUSerU)— Nie*ly
furnlfch«-<3 -kri; rrom $11 to $30.
TO let— Upper part f ( h<n:«*. consisting of three
rooms and connecting bath; corner house;
bert of re.er«.r.c«. riven and required; no cfail-
dren. B*?x 8049. pall <ifle#.
THE After. i:» 9 Mark-t-Electric belle, lights;
fi^gant new furniture; clngte. suites: trans't.
THE OAKS. i!j Third-A r«*J roomlnx hou»«
for ro«y3 r*r y i» R HUGHES. Proprietor.
CLASSIFIED MtafttKl&tata and «üb*ertfitloßs
received «t Ceil branch office. 2200 Flllmcre st.
A BRANCH Gfflr e j cr the reception of adver-
, r 'n \ n<! s ' Jt >»crlpttons has been opened
at 1223 Pq.k_6t.; og<n unttl > p-gLp -gL
A n££ln ££I? Ca ornr * tor CM advmlwjrnents and
I ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A^Filß^T^cllAsTTajnTiy'^oTeTr'T^r^ra^uTy?
nice eunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table; prices moderate; 2 car lines pass' hotel;
elevator: telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
Tt.. corner Polk, near Van Ness aye. ¦ --•
NEW family hotel, first class in all appoint-
ments: *xcellect tabl*: special Inducements to
»«lect people. SOT California tt.. occupying
ccrifr rppesite Grace Church.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-wladow menu: superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable. -...: *.—_.
POST, 789. nr. Leavenworth— Hlgh-cla*s family
hotel- sonny rooms, with private bath: fine
lawn: French chef; best table in city; ref.
FRANKLIN. WS. corner Fulton— Sunny front
room: good board: bath: gas; private family.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and tingle rme.: sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISEURT. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALM AP. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NTFS svp S4« (Th» W»!lace»— R^oins
and beard: furclshed and unfurnished: $50 up.
CHFAPFPT and best In America— The Weekly
¦Call. 16 pages, fent to any addrees In tha
Urlt^d States cr Canada on« year for Jl.
p'rt«f» T>nM '¦ ' ¦¦ ¦' •¦
SPECIAL. ISOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 M^nttromery ft., rooms 9-10: tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. Sl9 Third.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages. Eent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for JL
pogtac? raid. - -- >-.-:
SEWING MACHINES AXD SWPLIE9.
j RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
i plies. Standard Agency.l4s 8;h; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairinc at lowest rufm 2f*"> Fnurth st.-
STORAGE A.\D WAHEHOISES.
FIIIRCE-KODOLFH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. »tl Poet St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: 'phone Jackson 2SI.
BEKINS Van and Storare <"0.. 134" Market ?t. :
trl. Pnuth BJS* n-*r*lMnc wvAlfl* and * rr »r*ffe
.TO LEASt.
TO Lease — All or part of -acant property: 95x
160: en Mission st.. near Fifteenth: will build
lirht «trurtur* Own*>r. Hot IT*. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ON account cf Immediate departure— A fine,
modern house of 8 rooms and finished base-
ment: large grounds; highly Improved: will
sell at sacrifice on easy terms. 1162 Broad-
way, Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let — House of 6 rooms, bath, pantries, large
frarden, chicken yard, large stsible; low rent.
CpII on premises. 1622 Broadway, near broad-
I gauge station, or R. G. WILKE, 906 Market
• Ft., San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RbAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange — Cozy Berkeley home,
furnished complete. C. HENDERSON. 304
Montgomery Ist.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GET your own home at a bargain.
1 For sale— Houses and lots, to s,ult. by the
'¦ Cosmopolitan Building Association: small pay- )
j ment required; eas-y terms. E. K. WATER- '
t MAN, Ilv7 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland;
j Union Hotel block.
j CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekl>
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United "States or Canada 4e year for JL
postage paid.
j OAKLAND FCRMTCRE FOR SALc.
5 AJ* «ntro<Juctlon to you from H. Schellh&as. th»
torplfur* rt«-al»r. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DELI\QrEXT NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLERT~CcTr^rMarkeT7tr,
I San Francisco— Notice.— There is delinquent
j upon the following described stock, en account
i of assessment levied on the Sth day of March,
I ISOft. the several amounts set opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lcws:
No. No. "
Name— % Certificate. Shares. .Amount. I
John D. Spreckels.. 1 33.313 1-S $539 40 |
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 60 CO !
Aad in accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the Sth day of
March. IMS, co many shares of each parcel of
I such as may be necessary will be sold at the !
; office of the company, 226 Market street, San j
j Francisco, en the 2Sth day of April. ISOO, at 3 1
I p. m. of such day. to pay delinquent assees-
| rr.ents thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy., 226 Market «t-
! 1 ¦
DIVIUE.VD SOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 7S (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market et., on and after
Friday, April 20, 1500. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 13. 1900, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No! 8 (25c per
I share) cf the Ktlauea Sugar Plantation Co.
j will be payable at the office of the company
327 Market st.. on and after MONDAY, April
16 I*oo. Transfer bocks will close on Tues-
; day. Aorll 10. ISM. at 3p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DISSOLUTION* OF I' A RT.V ERSHIP.
BAN FRANCISCO. April 11. ISoO— The firm of
OLSEN. RUTH & COOK is this day dis-
solved by mutual consent. Messrs. OLSEN
and COOK succeed to the business and all
bills will be paid by said OLSEN and COOK,
and they will ccllect all outstanding claims.
Witness: HENRY YON TAGEN. H. G.
SIEBERS, M. OLSEN. LOUIS RUTH, C. D.
COOK.
PROPOSALS.
DEEP Water Harbor. San Pedro, Cal.— United
States Engineer Office, Laughlin building.
Lee Angeles. Cal.. April 12. 1900. Sealed pro-
posals for continuing construction of -break-
water at San Pedro, Cal.. will be received
here until 11 a. m.. May 14, 1900, and then
publicly opened. Information furnished on
application. JAMES J. METLER. Captain
Engineer*. ¦•..:;.•
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Jean Larrabuni. 24. 2113 Taylor street, and
Marie Tresarrieu. 22, 119 Duncan street.
Mark F. Brandon. 23, 5 Clara street, and
Rose McDonnell, 20, 906 Bryant street.
Charles S. Flynn. 23, C 22 Fourth 6treet, and
Julia Shoehan, 21, 305 Kearny street.
Antone Lettish, 24, 3115 Sixteenth street, and
Christine A. Rheln, 23, 6 Camp street.
William W. Sanderson, 34. 3417 Jackson street,
and Katharine Durbrow, 2S. 1615 Washington.
Joseph A.* Wilde, 20, 145 South Park, and
Henrietta E. C. Utecht. 13, Vallejo.
Harry Johnson, 34. Oakland, and Hulda Nel-
son, 24. Alameda.
John S. Nelson. 8«, Oakland, and 511n Alf.
23. city.
Robert J. Walsh. 24, 3216 Seventeenth street.
and Julia A. Barets. 22. 1542 Folsom street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
aona authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
AJIDING— In Berkeley. Cal.. Aorll 10. 1900, to
the wife of Walter A. Arding, a son.
DODGE— In this city, April 12, ISOO. to the
wife of L. A. Dodge, a daughter.
TIEMAN— In this city. April 10. 1900. to th«
W ff e of H. F. Tieman. a eon.
~~~ markied! '
T>rBENSFIEI.D— HUGHES— In this city. Aprtl
s UOO by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
William C. Dubensfield of Philadelphia. Pa.,
and Hattie V. Hughes of New York City.
FSCUDERO-FAUSER-In thla city. April It,
E S by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, James O.
Eec'udero and Matilda M. Fauser. both of San
this city, by the Rev.
n W Reynolds, Charles B. Cleaves and
w.imTo Burns, both of San Francisco.
? nPA-WUESTEBFBLD-In this city. April
M » i*M Sr the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wllwn.
Sk Mcßea and Meta A. Wuesterfeld.
Knth of San Francleco. •
WAITERS - BROCKMAN -In Los Angeles,
WALTEKS by the Rev. Dr. J. S.
£i '-'nin William John Walters and Clara
SS B^octoik both of San Frandaco.
DIED. ; f. •
Anderson. John L. Johnson. Bendlx O.
Boyle. Ada M. Kenney. Annie
Carroll. Annie McMahon. Catherine
Crowell. Charles H. McNamara. John
Dowd. Mary Magorty. Abbie T.
Flynn. Catherine B. Metcalfe. Kate W.
Focaccl. Maria O'Connor. Annie
Frey. James Park. Mary A.
Frezlse.^Harrv Pine. Sarah J.
Gibson. William Scott. Robert W.
Harvey. Florence A. Trapanl, Vlncenzo
Jess. John
ANDERSON— In this city, April 10. 1900. John
Ludwig Anderson, brother of Henry W. An-
derson or Sunol, Cal., and uncle of George A.
Anderson of San Francisco, a native of Gote-
bori:, Sweden, aged 65 years 8 months and 7
daj-s.
Ky Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 546 Mission street.
BOYLE (nee NUTTING)— In Mill Valley. April
11. 1900. Ada May Boyle (Blossom), wife of
Hugh A. Boyle, and daughter of Calvin and
Ada I. Nuttmr, aired 22 years.
GTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 3
o'clock, from St. Stephen's Episcopal Church,
Fulton street. Interment private.
CARROLL— In this city. April 11, 1500, Annie,
beloved dauchter of I»eter and Delia Carroll,
and sister of Maggie and Mary A. Carroll, a
native of San Francisco, aged S years and 8
months.
£7" Friends and acquaintances ere respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her carents, 44 West Mission street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROWELL— In this city, April 12. 1900. Charles
H. Crowell. b«loved husband of Aurelia A.
Crowell, father of Mrs. Estelle A. Kelloge
and Fannie E. and Fred W. Crowell, and
rrandfather of Adele E. Kellogg, a native of
Windham, N. H.. aged "0 years 2 months and
25 days. (Grass Valley papers please copy.)
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3320 Seventeenth etreet, thence by elec-
tric funeral car, corner Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets, at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
DOWD— In this city/ Ajjril 11. 1500. Mary, be-
loved wife of '¦ the late' Peter Dowd. and
mother of Mrs. JsgKirlln and Marcaret E.
Dowd, a native '¦ &C County Tyrone, Ireland.
(Boston and Cambridge, Mass., papers please
copy.) ¦" ; ¦ ¦'• '
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2537 Mission ! street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FLYNN— In this city. April 11. 1900, Catherine
8., beloved wife of John O. M. Flynn. and
mother of Thomas B-, John T.. William A..
Patrick F.. Katie C, Cornelius A.. Maggie
G and Josech M. Flynn. a native of County
TiPF*rary. Ireland, aged 47 years. . v
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, rrom her late resS
ctrnce, 19 Calhoun street, between Green and
Union, thence to St. Francis Church for serv-
ices at 11 o'clock. ¦ Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FOCACCI— In this city, April 12. WOO, Maria
Focaccl. dearly beloved stepmother of Mrs.
F. Cavagnaro and Mrs. G. G. Podesta, and
aunt of Mr. G. Raecl. a native of Ambor-
zasco, Italy, aged 62 years and 6 months.
FREY— In this city. April 11. 1900. James Frey.
adopted son of Fred Frey, attorney-at-law.
and nephew of Mrs. Henry Hanson, a -native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 10
months.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at l:S0 o'clock, from the Gantner &
Guntx Undertaking Company's parlors, 8 and
10 City Hall square.
FREZISE-In this city, April 12. 1900. Harry
Frezise, a native of England, aged 55 years.
(Spokane papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GIBSON— In this city. April 12. 19(0. William
Gibson, a native of New York, aged 25 years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tKT funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted &. Co.. 94fi Mission street. Interment
.Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HARVEY— In this city, April 11. 1500, Flor-
ence A., beloved wife of Captain Lewis P.
Harvey, a native, of San Francisco, aged 33
years 5 months and 5 days. (New Hampshire
papers please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, [I Seventh avenue. Interment private.
JESS— In this city. April 10. 1900, John, dearly
beloved husband of Anna Jess, father of Au-
gust, Emma. John Jr. and Lurllne Jess, and
brother of Mrs. William Ahlstrand. a native
of SchleswlK-Holsttln, * Germany, aged Z&
year 11 months and 24 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 107 Natoma street, corner of Second,
•thence to Shiels buildinjr. 32 O'Farrell street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the Norddeuscber Vereln. commenc-
ing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
Ometery.
JOHNSON— In this city. April 12, 1900, Bendlx
0.. beloved son of C. F. and Anne Johnson.
and brother of J. C. Johnson and Mrs. A. T.
Halck. a native of San Francisco. -aited 28
years 1 month and 21 days.
(C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KENNEY — Annie, dearly beloved wife of
Michael Kenney, and mother of Edward,
Katherine. James, Annie. Tessle and Sister
Mary Fellcita Kenney, a native of County
Ruscommon, Ireland.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
McMAHON— In this city. April 11, 1900, Cath-
erine McMahon, beloved wife of the late
James McMahon, a native of the parish of
Lurgan, County Cavan, Ireland, aged 67
years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the. residence of
Mrs. Devine. 776H Folsom street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNAMARA- In this city. April 11. 1900. John,
beloved father of Mary C. McNamara, a na-
tive, of Limerick, Ireland, aged 70 years.
(T7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Jame3 McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission street,
thence to St. Charles Borromeo's Church for
services, commencing- at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGORTY— In this city. April 11. 1500. Abble
Teresa Magorty. dearly beloved wife of Wil-
liam Magorty, and beloved mother of John,
Fred and Lizzie Magorty. Mrs. Harry Marks
and Mrs. Edward Kelly, a native of Leltrlm.
Ireland, aged €0 years and S months.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sattrrday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 36 Haight street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fillmore and Fell
streets, for services at .1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Moynt Calvary Cemetery.
METCALFE— In Coronado. Cal., Aoril 10. 1900.
Kate Wooster Metcalfe, wife of Captain John
Metcalfe, daughter of the late John B.
Wooster, and sister of Frederick L. and Philip
L. Wouster, a native of California, aged 39
years.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2319 Central avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
O'CONNOR— In this city. April 12, 1900. Annie
O'Connor, beloved sister of Peter O'Connor
and Mrs. M. Lawrence of West Berkeley, a
native of the parish of Cullomklll. County
Longford. Ireland, aged 50 years.
PARK— In this city, April 12, 1900. Mary Anna,
beloved wife of John B. Park, and mother of
John B. F. and Henry T. Park, a nativs of
Finland, aged 41 years.
PINE— In this city. April 13. 1900. Sarah Jane
Pine, beloved mother of Mrs. Maryette Whlt-
ten, Mrs. Ida. Brown, Mrs. Sally CofTrin and
Mrs. Mollle Whltten. a native of Ohio, aged
70 years. -
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday
April 15, 1900, at 10 o'clock, from the residence
cf her son-in-law. Z. T. Whltten. 667 Bryant
Etreet, between Third and Fourth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCOTT— In Stockton. April 12. 1900. Robert W.
Scott, a native of West India Island, aged
47 years.
TRAPANI— In this city. Aprtl 11. 1900. Vin-
cenzo. beloved brother of Ignacio, Lulgi and
Balvatore Trapanl. a native of Italy, aged
€0 years.
jCrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 430% Green street, thence to Druids'
Hall, 413 Sutter street, where services will be
held under the auspices of Templar Grove
No. 19, U. A. O. D. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. . - -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flannagan A Gallacner),
FUNKHAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MKRS.
to Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦ Ttlephtioe South M.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 a.nd 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 187.*.'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMESB.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. »
moAVOY «fc CO.. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS tk. KMHALMERS
1239 Market st., between Sth and Sth. i
Telephone South 247.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
z Alameda County. ;
Maggie J. Lorlnr (wife of George A.) to
Lucia E. Smith (wife of A. L.)u lot on N line
of West Tenth street, 103 W of Linden. N 100
by W SO. portions of lots 19 and 20, map of
Adeline Homestead Tract No. 1. Oakland; $10.
Lucia E. Smith to Mamie J. Lorirur. lot on
N line of West Tenth street, •So W. of Linden,
N 190 by W 31, portions of lots 19 and 20, same;
$10.
ilary E. Schunoff and Katie S. • Ferry to
1 -
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J A L Roy. N V
Mrs Roy, N V
H Lindley, Klamath
A Gardiner, Scotland ¦
L E Knight. Memphis
Mrs Knight. Memphis
X H Ramsay. Vina
Mrs T Bain, Arcata
Mrs J Harper, Arcata
Mary Van Buren, N V
IT D Frawley, N V
D Dlckenson, Denver
E R Barker. Chicago
D O Shaner, Pa
F H Short, Fresno
R E Maher. N V S:>
PW Burrows, Chicago
C Baker, OrecSn
Mrs Baker, Oreeon
D Van Voorhees, Or
H Conn, Oregon
H C Ide, Vermont
Annie L Ide, Vermont
Marjorle Ide, Vermont
P 6 Carter. , Vermont
B I Wheeler, Berkeley
F S Bourns. Detroit
J F Herrick, Mass
Mrs Herrick, Man
P F Herrick, Macs
|M L Hlnman, N V
|r J Field, Monterey
iW A Junker, Monterey
i Mrs O W Fushmlth. Pa
Mary G Fushmtth, Pa
E A Ford, Plttsburg
Miss Froude. N V
Miss Ellison. NY
C J Welghtman, 111
A Zeesler, Ky
Chas Stelner. N V
B F Agoston, Hungary
P Husey, San Jose
C il Morses, Chicago
L A Jensen, N V
' T Haskell. Memphis
H R Cowan, Chicago
R Corbln.' Wash
F Brenogan. Wash
A W Ferguson. Wash
M A I lit .son. Wash
N T Smith, Yokohama
Geo Robinson, NY
; Mrs Robinson. N V
;Mlss Robinson, N V
nVhltelaw Reid. N V
'A W Fisher. 8n Rafael
Geo Smith. Milwaukee
GRAND HOTEL.
G A Westgate. Cal !
H C Lester. Fresno
B D Blakeslee. Nome
L. Green; Petaruma
W H Lumsden, S -Rosa'
r Carrlngham, Cal .!
A M Allen, Cal •
J Morris. L Ang
fS P McKeel. Fresno |
C H Dodge, Davis
I T Raymond. P Alto!
A V MeCray. Fresno
J W Dorsey, Cal
J A Lowe, Sausalito
W E Whiting,
J Shaw & wf, Ferndale
Mrs McKay. Napa
B Beard & wf. N V
F J Cox M D, Sacto
W Tlllotson, Redding
J Frier, . Sonora
Dr C Rowell. Fresno
C D Rowell, Fresno .
B Shephard Jr, Fresno
T L Reed, c Reedier
C Teague. 1 / Fresno
J Morton, Stanford
W Gregg. . Honolulu
J X Miller. Mont
T J Cann & wf. N V
A H Hart, NY
J J Hebbron. Salinas
Mrs. Hatfrht. Pac Grve
Mrs Hlldehrand.Pae Or
E Colburn&w, Col Spgs
W J Walther. Canada
W W Parrlsh. Ky
P BunJick&w. Chicago
iJ W Dobald. Victoria
C Thomas. Berkeley
C P McVim, Boston
E Jacques & w, NT
J Lowry. Utah
Miss C Anderson, Utah
T Kosbland. Cal »
'J W 7<«ter, Watsonr 1
Mrs I Smith, Dela van
fj Bullwart&w. Prtland
O Deverell. Montagu .
lO Merritt.w&ch, Cal
|Mrs Plnr&daus. Eldrdg
A Schrabel, N Castle
iW Enery. Indianapolis
J G Miller Aw. Sacto
C MacNeill. Vancouver
Mrs L Harris, Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
8 Dockham, Hodson
H P Stroder, Hodson
S Cumpston.Grb Gulch
J Mulroy, Maryavllle
J X Sutton, San Jose
T J Qulgley. Cttonwd
J Rlley. Vallejo
Miss C Cresse. Sulsun
G F Williams, Oakdale
A Garlltz. Modesto
M Flanders & w. Stktn
L Rice & w, Antloch .
8 C Montgomery, Cal
C W Bunch & w. Mo
T P Smith. Merced •
X Worthlngton, Nebr .
M W Wilccx, Los Ang
\V Cameron. Petaluma.
. F Bailey. Sacramento';
ij C Davidson, .Davlsv 1
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 12— Schr Halcyon,
for San Dlesro.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 12— Btmr Arcata. for
S %R^3AMBL,E— Arrived April 12— Schr Fred
X Sander, from Port Townsend; Br ship Lane
'"leatoJ^S^S'' April B-Shlp Occidental.
April 12— Schr Sparrow, for
San Francisco: etmr Samoa, tor San Fran-
Cl ASTORIA— Sailed April 12— Br ship Poseidon,
for Queenstown: Br ship Isles of Arran, for
Q TACOMA^-Saned April 12— Bark Leri O Bur
nu.,, for San Francisco. " *
NEW ? WHATCOM-ArrlTed April 12-Br ship
Queen Elizabeth, from Port Townsend.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived- Acril 10— Stmr Ad-
Va s n al!ed r ADril lfr-Stmr Alllanca. for Colon.*
FOREIGN PORTS.
RtTVCOßN— Arrived April 10— Br ship Com
llebank, from Oregon; Br ship Ihiehalburn.
he SANTA V Z ROSALXA-Arrived March K-Br
ship Beechbank. from Hamburg.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed April 10— G«r bark
Altalr from London, for San Diego ;• Br ship
Marlon Llghtbody. from Newcastle. England,
f °ISLE n OF 'wiGHT— Passed April W—Br ship
Loudon Hill, from Newcastle, England, for San
Sailed April B— Stmr Conemangh,
f °ANTVVERP— Arrived April 10— Br ship Clav
erdon, hence Nov 6: Br ship Manchester, for
T^miSTOL—ln port April 4— Fr bark Bour-
— Arrived April 11— Br stmr
G S2!gd h -SS:?S?-Wn « Mirren, for Ore
"SS-IJNEY-Arri^ April 12-Bark Sea King,
from Adelaide.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Anrll 12— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL-Salled Aorll 12-Etmr New
E-nr land, for Boston: stmr Taurlc, for New
NAPLES— Arrived April 12— Stmr. Aller, from
New York for Genoa.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 11— Stmr, Olympla,
from Hongkong, for Tacoma. r ,/
NEW YORK— Sailed April 13— Stmr Hlspania.
for Marseilles: 4 «tmr L'Aqultaine.r for Havre;
stmr Kaiser Frederiche, for Hamburg, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eleven.
There was nothing Napoleon was so
fond of as boiled mutton with onion
sauce, and he frequently indulged his
taste therefor to such an extent as to
make himself 111.
RAILROAD TRAVEIfc
fifIUFORNIA I IMITED
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is Che quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
CoscsKCTiso Train Leaves San Fkaxciscos
." P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arrtvlnz In Chicago at 2: 15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
train* for New York.
OVERLAISD LeaTes San Fraaclsew at 5:30
FVDDF^^ P- m - Palace and Toartst
r» » iiv ca™ for Kansas Cltj, St. I^otua,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tvlare DA An
and Bakersfield- KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Frandaco office. 633
'FDl^m Market Street, Phone Main
rKWtU auw 1531; Oakland, 111* Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Bant*. Clara Street.
CiLIFOim NORTHWESTERN £T. Cft
til FHAHCISCO AND NORTH PACtFI
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcufwn r«rry. foot ml MarXtt S*.
BAN FRAJTCISCO TO BAM RA7AXZ*.
Week days— 7.2o. »:00. ,ii:co a, m.: vt-.tK
S:SO, 8:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt*
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays*- Extrm. trip* at IM
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 1:30. 11: C* a, m.j I:3* SJaV
»:00. 1:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEX. TO BAJ* FRANCISCO.
VTKEK. DAY*-«:1J, 7:59. 9:20, 11:13 a. m.: U:CL
1:44. 5:10 D. m. Saturday*— Extra trls* ai
1:55 and (:3S p. m.
SUNDAYS— « :U 1:4% 11:18 a. m.j 1:43, l:«. *:«.
1:25 p. m
Between Saa Franciso* and Schuetsaa Park
¦am* Bchedul* aa abova.
May Race at Vallejo.
VALLEJO, April 12.— At a conference
held between F. W. Kelley. secretary of
the Pacific Coast Trottlng-horse Breeders*
Association and Vallejo members of
the board of directors of Solano
Agricultural District - No. 36 It was
proposed by Secretary Kelley that If
Vallejo racing men will guarantee the
breeders' association a bonus of 51000
they will hold their annual race meet
ing In Vallejo. It will be the opening of
a big: State circuit and 13 the most Im
portant event in racing 1 circles. The as
sociation will bring here about 4>io horses,
with their owners and trainers. This
event is usually held in San Francisco or
Oakland. Mr. Kelley suggested that the So
lano County fair directors hold their dis
trict fair at the same time, the date to
be the first week m July. It was decided
to" call a meetine of the directors of Dis
trict No. 36 to be held at 1:30 o'clock on
Saturday next in this city, when the prop
osition will be fully discussed and decisive
action taken.
1O*»2. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs: handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse. *XXX
SARDINE, AMONG
OTHER CHOICES,
FAILED TO LAND
A Small But Sympathetic
Crowd Tried to Look
Happy.
Bookmakers Grab About All the Coin
in Sight — Curves and Inshoots
Too Puzzling to
Solve.
The racing at Ta.nforan.Park has degen
erated into a state of affairs which is
nothing more than a hollow mockery of
sports. Favorites are bowled with
alarming regularity, to the apparent gain
of somebody, and the handful of mis
guided players still dallying with the game
is ageing fast and growing threadbare.'
After Homage had captured the intro
ductory event yesterday the remaining
five choices were buried under an ava
lanche.
A six-furlong handicap furnished one of
the most delicious surprises of the after
noon. Sardine, with 101 pounds up, looked
a "moral," and after leading to the pad
dock fell soft game for Willie Sink's
Formero. The winner was once 10 to lin
the ring. Cormorant ran third.
Homage, the shifty Take Notice filly,
from the Burns & Waterhouse stable,
made It three straight in the two-year
old scramble. Backed to 8 to 5 favorit
ism, she won galloping from Ada N, a 20
to 1 ehot. Bavassa, though tiring badly,
managed to take the show.
Corrigan's St. Casimir again showed the
"yellow dog" in his makeup. After reced
ing in the betting on the six-furlong sell
ing run from 6 to 6 to 8 to 5, he led to the
paddock and was then downed by High
Hoe. J. Ranch on Mortgage put up a
miserable ride, finally stumbling Into the
show.
The mile and a quarter selling run went
to the S2-pounder, My Gypsy. With J.
Ranch up she sailed out In the lead under
wraps, finishing the easiest sort of a win
ner in 2:14. Sardonic, the first choice,
earned the place from Prestome just as
handily.
So quickly did the price against Silver
Tone go from 2 to 5 in the speculating on
the fifth recital that the horse was sup
posed to be "dead." Quite the reverse,
Morgan took him out in front and after
a quarter had been covered was never
headed. Captive was beaten fo» the place
by Castake.
Even Bathos, a 1 to 4 chance, went
down the sliding board in the last. Why
he did not win is a mystery. A few wise
ones banked on Maydine, which was
backed from 5 to 3, and the Shulte entry
won in a walk from Urchin, a 75 to 1 shot.
Bathos ran third.
Track Notes.
Charles N. Roberts, secretary of the
Overland Park Association of Denver, is
here on business pertaining to the coming
race meet in that city in June.
Tappan changed hands yesterday. He
was entered in the fourth race to be sold
for $300. and was claimed by "Billy Ma
grane, owner of Prestome.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse.
1057 Gaylon 8r0wn.. 103, »77 Follow Me 106
1075 Loyal S 105 .... Articulate •¦:-}}*
1047 Immodell \U 941 Forbes I*>
1047 Illlluon 112 1075 Pegaiong 114
864 Grafter 103 963 Billy Ly0n5.. ..106
1057 Briton MS 997 BUly Tay10r.. ..11l
Phil Branson. ..lls 1008 El Karn U0
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds aad
upward; selling.
1055 El Mido W3j 1077 Jennie Reid.. ..106
112 Beaumonde ....102 1069 Theory 106
94; uaxello 103; 1078 Miss Mar10n.. ..101
363 Lou Rey 106| 1063 Uterp 101
1032 Rlcardo - K'6 George Mi11er.. .106
107S Afghan 106|
¦ Third race— Five furlongs: three-year-olds;
PrS Goldflnder 1071 1069 Pidalla 110
928 Young Morello.llOj 839 Palatine 10J
1050 Loboslna 105 1074 Ahwahnee lto
1074 Swiftwater ....105 1074 Bona 10*
lOC Flush of G01d. .110 1050 Louise Hayman.llo
1079 FiUe dOr 105 1071 Red Cherry 105
1050 Garbo " 1M 10S5 Reg'ld Hughes.lo7
1031 Sarsfleld 107 863 Devereaux Uo
OrfTTttm 110
Fourth race— Mile and a sixteenth: three-year
olds and upward; selling.
(1076)Per9eus 106 1064 Scotch P1aid.. ..106
107* Chlmura 102 1045s La Borgia &>
1084" Morlnel I £iL± o€4 KapW ° 10 *
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1063 Montallade ....114 1070 Col R00t....... 114
(103fi)Lena 112 1063 Duke of Y0rk. .114
1070 Donator 114 107S Grand Sachem. ll» x
$i>l Stromo HU 1076 Storm King 117
J036 Montanus 113 1003 Poorlands 110
1051 Ca«dale 105 1036 Obsidian 113
1012 Lodestar 114 1013 Socialist 114
93S Inverary II 1U
Sixth race— Seven frulongs; three-year-olds
and upward; curse.
1085 Bathos 1001 523 Klckumbob ....95
1043 Wy IGSI l fj3<) Dr - Nembula... lOo
425 Flamaway 1031 1065 Sunello 92
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Follow Me, El Kara, Gayloa
Brown. . ".••iiV./'
Second race— Theory, Afghan, George Miller.
Third race— Louise Hayman, Oremus, Sars
field. >
Fourth race— Scotch Plaid. Chlmura, La Bor
gia.
Fifth race— Motallade, Lodestar, Obsidian.
Sixth race— Dr. Nembula, Klckumbob. Sua
ello. ''i'r^ : \ --> ¦ :
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(CopyrUrht. 1300, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAJf PARK. Thursday, April 12. 1900.— Weather fine. Track sloppy.
, THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 1900.
James S Fassett, lot on E line of Union street,
ISO S of West Tenth. S 30 by E 133:8, block 548,
Oakland; JlO.
John P Beckett to D. T. Leiter. the N 24
feet of lot 19. block H, Major Given Tract,
Oakland; $.10. '
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mrs.
T B Simpson, lot 25 in plat 13, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $72.
John S. Dias to Emilia Dias, tot i. block G.
on map of Andrew Jones' subdivision of Brook-
lyn Township; gift.
Caroline M. Runkle to Grace Congregational
Church of Fitchburg, lot on NE corner of Ruds-
dale and Henry streets, N 100 by E 100, being
lots IS and 19, block 6. on map of Fitchburg
Homestead lots, Brooklyn Township (quitclaim
deed) $L ¦ • ¦
Abraham Brilliant et al. (by J. B. Lanktree,
commissioner) to Harry W. Syz, lot on E line
of Bay (or Twelfth) street. 133:4 N of Central
avenue N 33:4 by E 150, block 19. map of Mary
A Fitch Homestead, Alameda; $2727.
T J Ryan, James A. and Virginia 'A. Way-
mire to Felix Marcuse, lot on E line of Willo*
street. 250 N of Clement avenue. N 50 by H
90, block 15, lands adjacent to Enclnal. Ala-
meda; .
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees of
Joseph G. Walter) to San Francisco Savings
Union 656 D. 301, lot on NE corner of Railroad
avenue and St. Charles street. N 35 by E 100,
being lot 14, block K. Taylor & Page Tract.
Alameda (trustees' deed); $1400.
E B Pond and H, C. Campbell (trustees of
Julius A. Rcmmel) to same. 656 D. 9 lot on SW
line of Enclnal avenue, 350 SE of Post street,
SE 50 by SW 55:3. being lot 31, Hlrschfeld
Tract, Alameda (trustees' deed); $1200.
Same to same, 55S D. 13. lot on E line of St.
Charles street, 68.61 N of Railroad avenue. N
80 by E 100, being lot 16. block X, Taylor &
Page Tract, Alameda (trustees' deed) ; $1000.
Same (trustees of Felix Marcuse) to same,
556 D 461, lot on S line of Easrle avenue. 53
W of Minturn street, W 125 by S 100. being lots
6 to 10, block 5L on map of resubdivision of
block E8 and portion of block 61, town of En-
clnal. Alameda (trustees' deed); $2000.
Same to same, 608 D. 317, lot on SW line of
Enclnal avenue. 450 SE of Post street, SE 2UO
by SW S£:B, being lots 26 to 29, Hlrschfeld Tract,
Alameda (trustees' dsed); $3000.
Sane to same, 557 D. 225. lot on S corner of
Post and Jefferson streets, SW 33:4 by SE 100,
being lot 14, block 62. map of Alameda as sur-
veyed by J. T. Stratton In 1853, Alameda (trus-
tees' deed); $400.
Same to same, 557 D. 265, lot on S line of Rail-
road avenue. 100 W of Verdi street, W 66:8 by
S 125. sx)rtlon of lot 16 and all of lot 17, En-
clnal Park Tract, Alameda (trustees' deed);
$1500.
Same to same, 720 D. 232. lot on NE line of
Encinal avenue. 1000 SE of High street. SE 50
by NE 110. lot 2L Hlrschfeld Tract. Alameda:
also tot on SW line of Enclnal avenue, 650 SE
of Post street. SE 60 by SW S5:B, belnz lot 25.
same; also lot on S line of Clement (or Atjantlc)
avenue. 145:6%; E of Park street. E 37:6 by S
150, being subdivisions J and the E half of sub-
division H. block F. on map/of Dye & Bowen
resubdivision of blocks F. G And H of Alameda
Station Homestead Association, Alameda: also
lot 2, block C. and lots 9 and 10. block D, Fitch
Tract. Alameda; also let on S line of Eagle
avenue 100 W of Chapln street, W 60 by S 150,
being lots 23 and 24, block 5, Chapln Tract,
Alameda; also lot on E line of Weber street.
325 Sof Central avenue, S5O by. E 100, being
lot 125 Enclnal Park Tract, Alameda; also lot
on N line of Central avenue. 366 E of Ninth
street, E 45:9% -by N 14S:5ft. portion of Chip-
man E ill-acre tract, Alameda (trustees' deed):
$5000.
Anne E. and George Cashmore to Frederick
L. Scheckler, lot on W line of Grove street. SO
S of Elm, S 60 by W 80, portion of plat 12.
block Q, Kelsey Trafct, Oakland: $10.
Ernest A. and Ellrabeth D. Heron to E. R.
Tutt, lot 44, block F, Linda Vista Terrace, Oak-
land; $10.
David F. and Kathe E. Barry (by J. B. Lank-
tree, commissioner) to Daniel Gannaw, lot be-
ginning at a point 240 feet N from N Una of
Alcatraz avenue and 605.3 E from E line of
Shattuck avenue, thence M 30. E 30, N 170, E
210, S 240 W to beginning, Oakland; also lot on
N line of Alcatras avenue, 240 \V of Shattuck
avenue, N 2W by W 100, being portion of Vicente
Peralta Reservation, Oakland; $1012.
Christina K. Janson to Matilda Swanson, lot
on S line of Irving street. 11l W of Lowell, \V
60 by S 100, being lots 42 and 43, block 5. Map
of plat 5. and portion of plat 6, Dohr Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
James Hoey to Nell O'Neill, lot on W line of
Fremont avenue, £90 N of East Fourteenth
street. N 60 by W I*o, being lot 28, block A.
Linda Rosa Tract. Brooklyn Township; $75.
Thomas Mclntyre to Margaret Ryan, lot on
N line of Railroad avenue (Seventh street), 100
W of Cedar street. W 25. by N 100. .Wock 519,
Oakland: $10.
William I>. and Cella McLean to Henderson
Clark, lot on S line of Forty-sixth street, 315 E
of Linden. E 50 by S 100. being the E half of lot
9 and W half of lot l'J, block 2107. Alden Tract
at Temescal. Oakland; $10.
Annie Stewart to Mary Gillam, lot on SE cor-
ner of East Nineteenth street and ¦ Twenty-first
avenue. -SE SO by SW 140, being lots 23 and 24.
block SS. San Antonio. East Oakland (subject
to deed of trust for $450): $10.
E. A. and Cella M. Halsted to H. C. McClur*.
lot on SE corner of Harmon and Lowell streets,
E S6:», S 145. W 53:6. N 145:1 ft to beginning, be-
ing lots 12. 13 and N 10 feet of lots 10 and 11.
block B, Map of Subdivision of-SW portion of
pla'. IS, Peralta Ranch, Berkeley; $10.
Isaac L. Kequa and W. W. Garthwalte (trus-
tees of Anna M. Kellcy) to Ward M. Beckwlth.
644 d 233, lot on NE line of East Fourteenth (or
Adams) street, 554:9 NW of Adeline, NW SS by
NE 336. portion of lot 8. block C. Reviled Map
Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn Township
(trustees' deed): $650.
Mary GUlam to Annie Stewart, lots 53 and 54,
Peralta-avenue Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Samuel McHenry to Puget Sound Lumber
Company, lot on E line of Mastick terrace, 225
S of Railroad avenue, S 50 by E 65, Alameda;
$10.
George W. Fisher (and as trustee) to same,
lot on E line of Mastick terrace, 225 S of Rail-
road avenue, S 25 by E 65. Alameda; $60.
Louis Duprat (by J. B. Lanktree, commis-
sioner) to Leah F. Mott, lot on N line of Buena
Vista avenue, 135:6 E of Chestnut street. E 46
by N 147:6. being lot 4. block 3, lands adjacent
to Enclnal. Alameda; |SCO.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to James Rye.
lot on X line of Thirty-eighth street, 535.3S E
of Market. E 45 by N 133.50, Oakland; JlO.
Sadie A. Brinckerhoft to G. Erwin Brincker-
hoff, lot on N line of Albion street. 13S:11% E
of Grove street, E 75, N 110:1 ft. W "5. S 135:10 ft
to beginning, being the E 25 feet of lots 4 to
7, Aldan Tract. Oakland: gift.
R. J. McMullen and W. C. Moody (trustees
for V. R. and J. A. Parker) to State Savings
Bank. 710 D. 160, lot on W line of Locksley
avenue. 24S S cf Clifton street. S 50 by W 100,
being the S 35 feet of lot 19 and N 15 feet of lot
20. map of Locksley square. Oakland; also lot
on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 130 E of San
Pablo avnne. E 65, N 100. W 15. N 25, W 50.
f? 125 to beginning, being lot 23 and portion of
lots S and 22, block N, Kelsey Tract. Oakland;
trustees' deed; 1407 L
Richard J. Montgomery (executor of estate of
Margaret P. McCourtney) to George Sterling, all
Interest In lot on N line of Fortieth street. 90
E of West. E 50 by N 220, being lots 6L 52. 9
and 10, block A, Paradise Plat, Map 2. Oak-
land JS9I.
Margaret Spencer to same. lot on S corner of
Evoy avenue or Fortieth street and Linden
Etreet, E 57:5 by S 100, Oakland; 110.
Frank A. and Mary L. Leach to same, lot on
S line of Forty-first etreet, 140 E of Market. E
CO by S 12S. being lot 41, map of estate .of John
Evoy, In plat 86, Rancho of V. and D. Peralta,
Oakland; *10.
James Marryatt to Adeline Marryatt. lot on
S line of Brown street. 516 E of West. E 60 by
S 100, belnjr lot 13. block E. map of property of
Central Land Comrany, formerly the Brown
Tract, Oakland, quitclaim deed: $1.
J. L. and Mary C. Barker to Miss Lou Red-
dan, lot on S line of Haste street. 110 W of MII-
via, W B0 by S 135, being lot 5. blork C. amend-
ed map. blocks 5 and 6. Barker Tract, Berke-
ley; $100.
Rachel Searles to Mary L. Cramer (wife of
H. A., lots 10 to 15, block 6. map of Pltchburg
Homestead lots, Brooklyn' Township; >10.
IOSO. FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $!00.
Time— %. :24%; %, :W. K. 1:16*4. Fair start. Won first three drtvlne. Winner. O. P.
Romish' s b. m.. by Hlmyar-Janet. Hoe outcamed St. Castmlr. Mortjaffe wretchedly rid
den; she could have wen under better pilotage. Boundlee away pocrly. Scratched—Cas
dale 103. ,- -
Time— %, :24H: H. :«: %. 1:15H Good start. Won first three drivlnjr. Winner. W. B. Sink
Jr.'e eh. c by imp. Conveth-Formowx Formero received strong support from- many direc
tions. Sardine and the others "stopped." Scratched— Theory I**. Jennie Reid 132, Sly 115.
St. C&aimir 100, Rr>salbra M. Isallne M.^Ahirnlnain J^. Bo"R j.l^e> -
IOS3. FOURTH RACE— MiIe and a quarter; eeUtns: three-year-olda and upward: purse. $4».
IOH4. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse. HOP.
*OSS. SIXTH RACE— One mile: three-year-olds; purse. J4OO
"I-jj^e W •tT»i- H. -53" *4 lst&l mile. l:4S\i. Good start. Won easily. *eecnd and third <iriv
lnjr. Winner." W. F. Schulte^s b. f., by King Lee-Perl. Maydlne well played. Bathoa "blew
up" early. Scratched— Expedient 113.
EAJXEOAD TKAVEL
•otmnsKH tavifio c«kpaxt.
(PACiriO KTRTKM.)
Trmima Imt« nn<l nre do« l» nrrtwm mi
MAN ritAMCIM'O.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
Uati — From Fkbecart 23, 1900. — auiti
•7:00* BenfcU, Eulsnn, Elmlia, VacarTila.
Rumej afll f*tc*' tuento *7 14 sj»
•7<OOa Shasta Express- Davis, WUlowi,
Ee<l Bluft. Portlatd *7:48»
•7<3»a Martinez, han ßamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caintog* and Santa Rosa *OilSr
•9i30« Th« Orerland limited— Ojden. Den-
ver. Omaha, Chicago *siiar
• •11:111* San Jaae, Ilrcrmore, Stockton,
looe, tUeramcutn, riscerrllle.
M»rj»*lll<% Chico, KclIJIulT MilSp
•M:3«a •Milton, Oaidate.KonOTa. Carters... # l:l3p
••>:•«» a Haywanls. Nilc«ttr..l Way Stations. »I li 43 A
•»iu«* DatU, Woodlacd, Knight* Landlaj.
Jlary»TiUe,«»roTiilc. «Til3p
•9tOO» AtUntio r'.xpress-O;den and East *W»43a
•0:OOa Martinez, Tr .ct, Latbrop. HtocktoD,
Mire iltr.il Fresno *12i13f
•».<•«* Port CosU, I'resDO, JltjaTe and l.oa
AiißelEA. »«:43f
• I O:OO a Talltjo, Martlnes ami Way Statlona *6:43r
•11:OOa Niles, LiTermore. Stockton, bacra*
mento, Meodota. lUnforil, VUalia,
P^r'^rtllle. .V. Mjlßp
•I SsOAm Hsywardi, Niles snd Wsy Stations. *a! 4»»
H:o»pH.ierajnento UlferSteoniers t*sOOr
•3:OOr Ilayirards, N ilcs and Way Station* . *3>43r
*4>«M*r Mortluex, H»ti lUmoii, Vallejo,
Napa, Uall«tiMt». SauU Rou • ililtlA
•4too r Croicla. Vaoatil!*, B«CT»m»nto. •
Woo<lland. Kiil;bts Laodins.
MiiryiTille. Ororillß •I»;4»a
MiSOrNtles. Han .lr«oa»><l Stockton «Jil3»
•s:OOpTha Owl limited— Tracy. Fresno.
il 1 k f r- 2p«l. Ban gus for » %r. t» Bar- »
bara. \sm Ane-Irs. »JOf«*A
o3:OOp Sacsck IJxlted— El Fas* New Or-
le«rscnd Eixt «I«s4Sa
•5:30p Stockton. Meicc^l, Fresno •!*:!»»
•3:UOp Kresito, lUkenfieiil, featiU lUtliara,
liOS Angeles, Dcminc, £1 l'aao,
New Orient's and E«st *S:43a
•3iSOp H»nti\ Vo Kniite— A tlantlo Express
for M..jat» sntt Ka.tt 'fl:4"»r
•fl:OOp TTaywards, VneaaiMlHan .Io»a
»6:3i)r Vallejo - «12i13»
•li:3ur Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyence.
Oaiaha, ChJcijo •••43*
•etSOpOri^Qtal Jfciil— Ccdcn, Denver.
Omiaa, Chicaco ... *4»1»»
i~:OOp Vallejn. Port I'wU snd Way Bta»
qon. „. t»»sar
• «:«.¦> i- Oregon and Callfrrnl* ICs|>r«u^Hae-
miiiento. Mar»»iii!r. Itr<lilin|t.
r»rtlun.l. fi.g^t h tl ami i:»»t •»!!»*
COAST niVI^ION (Narrow (iaage).
(Fwtcf Hirfca Street.)
•HilOa Newark.ttnter»ill«',.Saii.lo»e,F*lton,
BoulderCrpek.SaataCruxand Way
HUUoiw.... »3«»«»
ta:l»P Newark, CenterTllle, Kan Jose, New
Almaden, Kelton. ItouMer Creek. >
Bauta Cms and l'rinclpal Way
S'ltlOM f ••*»•»
• I:l. Tp Newark. San Jme, Lcs Gatos. •9«a»A
ftll:lsr Hnn'ers' Kxcursl-n, Ban Jos« and
Way.SUtlos. ... ¦ t?«— >
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'rtaSM-miiClSCO— foot «f Utrktt SUnl(Sli?B)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0O-,u. IK3 '103 t3:M
•1:CO |5:C3 'C-.ttrM.-
/rtmOlSCna— F««t •fEiCJiw.j.— "6:Co 8:00 10.00a.H.
ti::o3 *I:C3 >3:C3 '3^3 tt:C3 •g:C3r.M.
COAST DITISMKI (nroailOang*).
(Third wild Townsewl Stt)
t«»:IOA Ocean View. South lun Kiandseo.. to«sep
*7:OOa Han Jos« ami Way KUU-'tia <N«w
Alma.leu Wcdne-wUn onl») •IIS*T
•U:0O> Han J<m«. Trm I'iiHja. H mta Cru
raeillo <iro»«. l'aso lti>blea. Sao
I.uU OliUpo, Snrf, Lompoe and
Trinclnal Way BUtl»iis *4il«r
•lOiIOa San Jo««au<l WayHUtlona *«s3Sa
•II:3Oa Baa J<«o ami Way Ktatloita •3i8«»
f»:43p San Matro, Itnlwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. fianU Clara, Hmi.loi*.
Tres rinos. bant* Umx, Ballnaa,
Monterey ami faeldo Gr0T0...... tlO:n«A
fStXOp San Jots and Way Stations *7>3op
M:l3p Sa.ii Jseaaixl Prineipai Way Stations '9: 13a
i^iOOpSanJoaaandrrlDcipalTTaySUtions t9:O<U
*s:."tOp SanJuseantl Principal Way Stations . *A:33a
•C::iOrSan Josaami Way Station* fSiOOA
Hit-*sp San Jos? ami Way Sutlmis •7sUOf
A for Morning 1' for Afternoon
¦ Daily . t Huii<ls ? oxr^ited. I booday only- -
6 Saturday only.
m rmeavtiys and Fridays c Thursday* and Sondaya,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferrr.
. C&romecclna* October 1, 1395.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLITt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
wm dat»— Tioo, •»:». 11:00 a. m.: n:4»,
•1:40. 5:15. (:90. «:J0 o. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— ror Mill Valley and San R*.
fa«l, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satunlajra,
at 9:00 and li:tt c. m.
BTJNDATR— *»:00. 'l*:^ *11: M a. m.; *!:!&,
t:l5. HiU. «:SO. »:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to Saa Quentln.
FROM SAN RAKAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATB-«:M. *«:«5. 7:45. fM a, b.j
•U:3O. 1:15. •»:«. *»:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS—*:*). •«:<». 10 .-09. »U:45 a. m. s
n:4O. «3:15. 4:45, *«:S0 p. m. -
Train* marked <•> atari from San Qu*nttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO RAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT6-V.4S. «:46. T.H. »:« a. m.J
13:35 t:ti. 3:45, S:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at ?:C0 and 10:50 p. m.
BUNDAYB-«:0B, »:«5 a. m.: U^IB, «:15. fja.
1:00 C:45 p. m.
- THROUOH TRAINS.
frtlO a- m. week days— C«radero and way station*.
1:40 p. ra- Batnrday*— Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales aad wax stations.
¦ . /
kUUnT lAinAufrii-* bCfclttC iv.iL.iAf
l^eav* Sma * raJici»c</ v.a bausaltto rerry.
'/Week Day* *:30 a. m. and l:ii p. tn.
Sundays 1:00, 10:00 a. m. and l:ti p. ca.
Bt»an# heated. elos»d car oa all train*.
Far*— Baa Francisco to Summit and Rstura,
txto.
13
Raftl-
e
uetti:
rag
Index. Horse. Weight. ISt.
IW2) Homage ¦. .112T3
1063 Ada N 1031 7
1068 Bavassa- losi 8
I<N52 Toah ifls 4
1062 Andrattus '. 10S 1
1062 Llllie Dtsgs 10* 5
lOCS Carilee 105 U
WWS Sublime 133 i
1057 Cambaceres 11l 6
1052 Ada Fox 103 10
106S) Sacbaroid MS 2
1 1
« h
2 h
7 1
51
»1-
3 1
10 2
11
JH
4 H
Str.
12
3 1
2 h
4 1
It'
7 1
8 2
10
iH
11
Fin.
1 3
2 1
3 2
4 2
5 3
*H
7 2
8 2
» 1
1»
11
&
1.
He
N.
Bu
E.
Mr
J
He
Bo
Jck
. Sh
Crle
Fow
f-nry
. Hi
icha
Rg
crgra
Wo
ein<H
Mem
ickey.
ilelds..
en ....
we 11...
if
11l
man .
:->3
in ....
XHiS...
ion ...
nan ..
2P_
2
10
6
S
<
g
«
20
20
19
Ifi
9 ;
9-
1
:
1
i)
i
Indfx. Horse. Age. Weight, j St.
;iOS3) High Hoe. & KM 3
1063 St. Caalmlr. S. 101 4
:i042) Mort*ag:e. 3 90 2
1033) Boandlee. 3 S« 6
10n Matt Horan, 3 9S 5
1063 Mountebank. 3 S4 1
2 1
1 S
S 1
«
43
3 1
... V..
22
1 4
5 1
S
3 1
4 2
Str
3 3
1 2
3 1
4 2
5 3
t
2 3
3 :
4 C
5 3
g
J _£s
lEaoa
|Henn
Rancl
Cuch:
Jchns
octeey.
T -
•h
lanan -•¦
son
ln*i?r ...
Op-
••l 3
... 6-5
.. 3
4
.. 30
a
r-
r.dox. Hrrs*. Agg. Weight. St. \j
10«4 •formero, 4 l! 0 1
1079) gfcrdlne. 3 101 2
1C35 Cormorant, 4 112 S
1061 Dr. Sheppard. 1 IS>( 4
4
1 1
3 1
2H
'3 3
I?
4
Str.
S5
11
22
4
Fin.
1 2
21
3 3
4
Jo<
¦E. Roj
! Henry
JAn>«3
jßucha:
cteey
r ...
man
>>^ ;
s
*-5
T
:-:
4
4
«
7
Ind»». Horsy Agf. Weight. St.
(lOffi) My Gypsy. 3 S3) 3
1066 Sardonic. 5 ......101 2
(1040) Prestome. 3 S7 «
(10*5) Tappan. « 103 7
1065 Jolly Briton. 8 m! 1
1070 Lothian. 4 107| S
IC«S Allenna. 3 S2I 4
1072 Tom CalTcrt, S. 103! S
11 11
41 3 3
3 H 35
8 41
52 7 6
6 H <1
:s (i
73 8
1 2
21
3 4
4 19
7 2
62
5 1
i
1 4
2 5
31
4 13
5*
7 2
6 1
8
Ftn.
1 5
2 7
5 1
4 20
6 1
«H
7 6
! Jockey.
{Ranch
(Henry ,
ißurk*
iMnrgan ......
iFauntleroy .
I Johnson
jj. Daly
! Buchanan ...
jOp. Cl.
. t 2
. 6-5 7-5
3 20
3 4
. *> «D
. 25 60
. 8 10
. 20 40
Index. Hcrgy. Age. Weight. : St.
ISB3 Silver Ton*. 4 l^l 4
1056 Castake. 5 110 1
<1077> CapUv*. a. 113 3
10» Gauntlet. 4 .109 S
(inS5) Wyoming, a 112 2
I«7>> Morln»l, 5 109 5
(1067) De Blaise. 5 109] «
101S Facade. 4 10€| 7
2 2
11
3 3
7 »
4 1
!H
(h
«
H
1 2
3 2
2 h
< 3
4 1
7 3
5 1
8
Str. Fin.
13 13 14
322 1 2 3
33•3 4 3 1
SI S3 4 2
4 1 «H 5 5
7 12 7 15 « H
« % «2 720
8 3 8
t Jockey.
IMorsan
Ames
E. Roes
|H. Shields
ißuchaaan ....
)J. Woods :
iHenrr
_U. Powell
!Qp. CL
n > *
• 7
. .• J i I
. -•« - ' •
. ;'* 4"¦ s t
8 12
. 9-2 i-Z
. » t>
index. Horse. Weight. I St.
1071 Maydtne l«i ?
ITA Vrchtn 103 I
I<MS Bathos 110* S
1073 Reginald Hughes.. ..l'» 1
J2S Rio Shannon 110 3
1071 Burdock 112 5
MM RrttraMn 1031 7
1 H
2 1
s 1
<! 2
4 3
7
H
1 !
< 2
2 3
a H
s i
42
7
\ Str.
18 18
5 H SI
23 21
32 5 2
63 4 2
4 1 IJ
7 7
Ftn.
1 8
2 2
3 3
4 1
B 5
< 4
7
iHenry
iMounce
E. Ross
Basslnger ....
Cannetl
J "Woods
£Tnoa
!Op.
..I 4
. 30
.. 1-4
.. 39
. 40
.. 19
.! 30
_cr
1-:
»
c
s
r
Raftl-
e
uetti:
rag
Index. Horse. Weight. ISt.
IW2) Homage ¦. .112T3
1063 Ada N 1031 7
1068 Bavassa- losi 8
I<N52 Toah ifls 4
1062 Andrattus '. 10S 1
1062 Llllie Dtsgs 10* 5
lOCS Carilee 105 U
WWS Sublime 133 i
1057 Cambaceres 11l 6
1052 Ada Fox 103 10
106S) Sacbaroid MS 2
1 1
« h
2 h
7 1
51
»1-
3 1
10 2
11
JH
4 H
Str.
12
3 1
2 h
4 1
It'
7 1
8 2
10
iH
11
Fin.
1 3
2 1
3 2
4 2
5 3
*H
7 2
8 2
» 1
1»
11
&
1.
He
N.
Bu
E.
Mr
J
He
Bo
Jck
. Sh
Crle
Fow
f-nry
. Hi
icha
Rg
crgra
Wo
ein<H
Mem
ickey.
ilelds..
en ....
we 11...
if
11l
man .
:->3
in ....
XHiS...
ion ...
nan ..
2P_
2
10
6
S
<
g
«
20
20
19
Ifi
9 ;
9-
1
:
1
i)
i
Index. Hcrgy. Age. Weight. : St.
ISB3 Silver Ton*. 4 l^l 4
1056 Castake. 5 110 1
<1077> CapUv*. a. 113 3
10» Gauntlet. 4 .109 S
(inS5) Wyoming, a 112 2
I«7>> Morln»l, 5 109 5
(1067) De Blaise. 5 109] «
101S Facade. 4 10€| 7
2 2
11
3 3
7 »
4 1
!H
(h
«
H
1 2
3 2
2 h
< 3
4 1
7 3
5 1
8
Str. Fin.
13 13 14
322 1 2 3
33•3 4 3 1
SI S3 4 2
4 1 «H 5 5
7 12 7 15 « H
« % «2 720
8 3 8
t Jockey.
IMorsan
Ames
E. Roes
|H. Shields
ißuchaaan ....
)J. Woods :
iHenrr
_U. Powell
!Qp. CL
n > *
• 7
. .• J i I
. -•« - ' •
. ;'* 4"¦ s t
8 12
. 9-2 i-Z
. » t>
Ind»». Horsy Agf. Weight. St.
(lOffi) My Gypsy. 3 S3) 3
1066 Sardonic. 5 ......101 2
(1040) Prestome. 3 S7 «
(10*5) Tappan. « 103 7
1065 Jolly Briton. 8 m! 1
1070 Lothian. 4 107| S
IC«S Allenna. 3 S2I 4
1072 Tom CalTcrt, S. 103! S
11 11
41 3 3
3 H 35
8 41
52 7 6
6 H <1
:s (i
73 8
1 2
21
3 4
4 19
7 2
62
5 1
i
1 4
2 5
31
4 13
5*
7 2
6 1
8
Ftn.
1 5
2 7
5 1
4 20
6 1
«H
7 6
! Jockey.
{Ranch
(Henry ,
ißurk*
iMnrgan ......
iFauntleroy .
I Johnson
jj. Daly
! Buchanan ...
jOp. Cl.
. t 2
. 6-5 7-5
3 20
3 4
. *> «D
. 25 60
. 8 10
. 20 40
Indfx. Horse. Age. Weight, j St.
;iOS3) High Hoe. & KM 3
1063 St. Caalmlr. S. 101 4
:i042) Mort*ag:e. 3 90 2
1033) Boandlee. 3 S« 6
10n Matt Horan, 3 9S 5
1063 Mountebank. 3 S4 1
2 1
1 S
S 1
«
43
3 1
... V..
22
1 4
5 1
S
3 1
4 2
Str
3 3
1 2
3 1
4 2
5 3
t
2 3
3 :
4 C
5 3
g
J _£s
lEaoa
|Henn
Rancl
Cuch:
Jchns
octeey.
T -
•h
lanan -•¦
son
ln*i?r ...
Op-
••l 3
... 6-5
.. 3
4
.. 30
a
r-
r.dox. Hrrs*. Agg. Weight. St. \j
10«4 •formero, 4 l! 0 1
1079) gfcrdlne. 3 101 2
1C35 Cormorant, 4 112 S
1061 Dr. Sheppard. 1 IS>( 4
4
1 1
3 1
2H
'3 3
I?
4
Str.
S5
11
22
4
Fin.
1 2
21
3 3
4
Jo<
¦E. Roj
! Henry
JAn>«3
jßucha:
cteey
r ...
man
>>^ ;
s
*-5
T
:-:
4
4
«
7
index. Horse. Weight. I St.
1071 Maydtne l«i ?
ITA Vrchtn 103 I
I<MS Bathos 110* S
1073 Reginald Hughes.. ..l'» 1
J2S Rio Shannon 110 3
1071 Burdock 112 5
MM RrttraMn 1031 7
1 H
2 1
s 1
<! 2
4 3
7
H
1 !
< 2
2 3
a H
s i
42
7
\ Str.
18 18
5 H SI
23 21
32 5 2
63 4 2
4 1 IJ
7 7
Ftn.
1 8
2 2
3 3
4 1
B 5
< 4
7
iHenry
iMounce
E. Ross
Basslnger ....
Cannetl
J "Woods
£Tnoa
!Op.
..I 4
. 30
.. 1-4
.. 39
. 40
.. 19
.! 30
_cr
1-:
»
c
s
rHI 2 IS-MATZOS
IS1'«, mpl , es « already - Matzos. 6c per poual;
S£^is?- SC P "* P ° Untl: matzos k «d with
rfrH^'^fi W ! Pound; macrones. 40c per pound.
Ladies' $3 50 kid lace shoes, for $2 25 a"
pair at the Bee Hive Shoe C 0. .717 Market.'
CHAMPAGNE VALUES.
The Standard of Champagne Quality
Is Pommery.
¦ "Just as good as Pommery" Is the high
est compliment -that .can- be paid to any
brand of champagne. , . •
Mess. Vve. Pommery Flls & Co.
make and ship only the best quality of
champagne; This cannot be said of some
of tho other foreign houses, who often
ship to this country a wine of an inferior
vintage. The continuance, however, of
Mess. Pommery & Co. to ship ONLY ONE
grade of champagne— and that the best— •
hks made their -wine the standard for
champagne quality the world over.
AGUINALDO SAFE
IF SECRETED IN
MANILA'S WALLS
Authorities Not Anxious to
Capture- and Make a
Martyr of Him."
Lieutenant Knox, Ex-Assistant Chief
of Police at Manila, Thinks In
- surgent Leader's Own Peo- *.
: pie Will Kill Him.
./'I scarcely doubt. the. truth of the cur- :
rent'rumors that Aguinaldo is concealed
In Manila. If he were I do not think that
the authorities would .make much effort
to ; catch him. To capture and Imprison
the Insurgent chief would be to make a
martyr of him, and the effect on the na
tives would be bad. If he Is let-alone the
Macabebes will assassinate . him, for
thejvhave'no love- for ; him." .¦"
This remarkable statement was , made
at the Grand -Hotel yesterday afternoon
by ¦ First Lieutenant B. B. ¦; Knox. a
nephew of Colonel. Knox. the famous New
York, hatter.- Lieutenant Knox has- just
returned from Manila, where he was for
over seven months Chief of .Police of the
Quiapo district. He was also Assistant
Chief of , Police of Manila . under . Major
Tiernon of the Sixth Artillery. Lieutenant
Knox now belongs to the , Seventh Infan
try, a"nd is on his way! to .New . Mexico,
where he has been ordered for garrison
duty. His first command, however, was
In. the Twentieth Infantry in Cuba. \ His
military, training was in the famous New
York Seventh Volunteers— the "kid-gloved
regiment.". After the trouble was over
in Cuba the Twentieth was ordered- to the
Philippines, and has now been thereabout
eighteen months.
Lieutenant Knox tells some Interesting
things about the policing of Manila,. with
its 350,000 inhabitants. .. The city .is divided
into seven districts and each has a' Chief
of Police, who makes daily reports to Ma
jor Tiernon. About 1500' soldiers are em
ployed in, policing the city, and in addl-'
tlon to these 140 native police. .The em
ployment of native police has been a great
aid to Major- Tiernon in the suppression
of 'crime. The white police - never suc
ceeded in securing the -confidence of the
Filipinos, so they were never, certain .of
what was going on.
It was during the time that small bands
of insurrectionists were ' springing up all
over tho city last October and arms being
collected .under the nose.s of the official*
that the natives were employed. They
promptly brought the conspirators to
light and enabled the military authorities
to make many important seizures. In
fact, they have put an end to all con
spiracies in Manila.. *
"The natives are queer people to
rBEAUTIFUL*\
EASTER
things at Magnin's—
Children's handsome
Headwear, Capes,
Jackets. Misses'
Suits and -an exten- :; Jv
sive assortment of
CONFIRMATION
DRESSES
Ladies' Waists, too,
in a large and pleas- .
ing variety.
I..MAQNIN & CO.
840 Market St., Opp. 4th
evening was In no small part due to the
fact that a Callfornian had been appoint
ed a membfer of the commission. The pro
found learning and clear Judgment of that
member was a joy to the commission and
the people were to be congratulated on
the selection of Bernard Moses. Another
reason for the enthusiasm was the knowl
edge that Sanj Francisco was to be the
gateway for. tne great commerce of the
Orient. The Commissioners knew that if
they could establish the government that
would be of the greatest stability consist
ent with honor and safety, they would be
doing that which would be of the greatest
commercial advantage to the United
States. He would have much preferred,
he said, that the country would not have
had to confront the present conditions.
He was not an expansionist. But our ob
ligations to the nations of the world and
to the people of the Islands would not
permit us to allow misguided people to
bring about chaos, and those obligations
caused the people to act. The duty of the
hour was to give the Filipinos the best
government possible; to do something, and
not to rely wholly upon proclamations.
It would be difficult, in view of the
breaches of faith on the part of the Span
ish with which the Filipinos had long been
familiar, to accomplish much at first. It
would seem to be almost impossible if it
were not for the capacity of the Amer
ican people.
Politics Will Not Figure.
There would be no consideration of poli
tics In the administrative acts of the
Commissioners, said the sneaker. As
many servants among the Filipinos would
be selected as possible to assist in the
work of the commission, and they would
be chosen on the general principle of civil
service. So also would It be with the em-
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. On« dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. All druß*l»U. •
League Club Ball.
The League Club, which 13 composed of
members of Company D. League of the
Cross Cadets, will give an entertainment
and dance In Nattve Sons' Hall on Frldav
evening, April 27. In this event the mem
bers of Company D intend to uphold their
reputation as entertainers.
Bead the story of the "Cere
monies of the Vatican" in the
Easter edition of The Call — out
next Sunday. That number
will be filled with interesting
features, splendid half-tone ,
and color work.
Republican Club Conference.
George Stone, president of the National
and State League of Republican Clubs,
has issued a notice Inviting a conference
of club presidents and secretaries at the
rooms, of the Union League Club Palace
Hotel, to-morrow evening. The purpose
is to definitely ascertain the number of
delegates from San Francisco and vicin
ity that will attend the Los Angeles con
vention on April -27. Subjects of Impor
tance will. be presented for consideration
hence a full attendance is requested.^
"Warehousemen Sued by Assessor.
A suit was brought yesterday in the
Justices' Court by Assessor Dodge 'in the
name'of the people against A. B.'Caldwell,
proprietor of the Pioneer Warehouse, for
damages in the sum 0f. 5200. The suit has
been brought to test the right of the As
sessor to compel the owner of a ware
house to testify regarding the value of
the goods In his charge belonging to other
persons. Caldwell' was subpenaed by the
Assessor to give such testimony, but he
declined to do so on the plea that, his cus
tomers did not desire to reveal the true
value of their property; to the -Assessor.
The refusal to testify. Is made a misde '
meanor and the penalty Is fixed at $100 for
each refusal. . . • . , • ¦
Duncan Is Again in Jail.
Kenneth Duncan, the ex-minister, who
has been arrested on several occasions for
helping himself to other people's property
Is locked up in^he City Prison with three
charges of petty larceny recorded against
him. The police have been looking for
Duncan for over a week, but it was not
until yesterday morning that he was ap
prehended, by Detectives. Harper and Sul
livan and Police Officer Kaskell.
Some time ago Duncan : was. -given em
ployment as a waiter in a boarding-hou^e
at 944 Van Ness avenue. During the tem
porary absence of several of the boarders
he went through their rooms., steallne a
quantity of silverware and Jewelry and
some clothing. — . «
000 on the assessment roll of ISS9. Eleven
years later Dodge assessed the property
for $1,105,000. According to Dodge's sys
tem, the property has diminished In value
$19,000 in eleven years. There has been a
steady advance in the valuation of other
real estate on Market street in that region
of the city, but the Mayor's choice hold
ings do not increase in value, according to
Dodge's peculiar calculations.
The gracious favor of the little Mayor
may .be worth striving for in this world,
uut it ought not to be made the test' of
fitness for holding the office of Assessor.
If Dodge be wise in his day and genera
tion he will assess property according to
its value without- regard to the Mayor's
Interest therein. The new charter, the
blessed Instrument of economy. and •good
government, which carried so many fa
kirs and false alarm statesmen into posi
tions of brief authority, does not exempt
the Mayor's bank stock or real; estate
from equitable assessment. Dodge ought
to get out his old map and read up the
.new charter to see if he can find any
authority for the" deduction of $1,500,000
on the valuation of the stock of Phelan'a
First National Bank.
known to take prisoners: they always kill.
They will assassinate Aguinaldo if they
get a chance.
VI had the famous half Spanish police
man. Captain Lara, in my district. He Is
a fine policeman, but a cold-blooded
wretch. In the old days he murdered and
pillaged as he pleased. But he has been
valuable to us. I had 124 soldiers and 18
native police in my district. One little na
tive policeman, no more than five feet
high, captured three robbers who had the
cirop on him with their pistols one night.
He simply walked up to them and took
their weapons away. But the worst crim
inal classes ere not the natives, but the*
crooks of all nations who. have gathered
there by the hundreds. They went in the
wake of .the army, but were driven out
of the camps, and now roam about Ma
nila and the surrounding country in bands •
ready to murder and rob both houses and'
pedestrians. . We have plenty of gamblers
lifJSi One man offered Major Tiernon
$10,000. per week, Mexican money, to be
permitted to run one gambling place in
each district. 1 was offered $.".50 per week
in gold If I would not molest a house in
my district. Gambling Is not permitted,
however, and raids are frequent. The city
is now well policed, and crime is the
exception Instead of the rule. The peopl*
have been made to feel the heavy hand
of American law, and to respect it." »
FAVOR SHOWN TO
PHELAN'S BANK
Sweeping Deduction Made
in Behalf of First
National.
.. .
Other Financial Institutions Are
Victims of Assessor Dodge's
Arbitrary System.
SSESSOR, "WASHINGTON DODGE
// \\ ought to prepare a chart to illus-
Jl trate his peculiar system of assess
*¦* ing national banks. Soma explana
tion is surely necessary to dispel the im
pression that he is extending official favor
to the banking instUutions in which
Mayor Phelan is largely interested, and at
the same time visiting his official displeas
ure on banks 5n which the little Mayor
is not concerned. The chart which Dodge
exhibited during the late political cam
paign evoked frequent outbursts of ap
plause from the populace, hence he may
be encouraged to exhibit illustrations to
¦win the plaudits of the bankers. * '
The assessment of national banks is in a
ei-nse an arbitrary proceeding. The law
i '•quires the assessment to be based on the
market value of the stock on the first
Monday of March. Deduction is made for
Government bonds and various small as-
BftS.
The stock of the Crocker-Woolworth
National Bank is not listed, and neither is
the stork of the San Francisco National
Bank. Hence quotations as to the value
of these stocks are not available. In ap
plying the arbitrary system to the Nevada
National Bank Assessor Dodge ascer
tained that a few shares of stock were
sold -at $lfcs a share. In other words, the
asked price was taken as the valuation.
Deduction was made for Government
bonds and Email assets, reducing the as
sessment to $113 per share. The deduction
amounted to $72 a share.
It Is Interesting to observe how the ar
bitrary eystcm worked when it was ap
plied to' the First National Bank, an insti
tution in which Mayor Phelan is an of
ficer and heavy stockholder. On the first
Monday of March the price asked for the
«ock of the First National Bank was
5290 a share. The price bid was $250. The
Etock Exchange list of April 11 quotes
First National Bank stock at $230 a share
—the asked price. There -is hardly any
question here as to the correct valuation.
Any one other than Assessor Dodge could
readily ascertain it. Dodge, however, took
as the basis the price bid. $2.*)0 a share. He
made, deductions for. Government bond
holdings and other assets, and finalry
brought . the valuation down to $140 a
share. ? ¦» . ¦•. ¦
By accepting the price bid for the stock,
$2.10. instead. of the asked price, $290, he
made a reduction on the 10,000 shares of
$400,000.- No # wonder the Mayor has money
to blow In for a new flag. He can easily
afford to buy a black flag for Dodge to
sail under when the banks are attacked
by the assessment bureau.
Looking at the figures in another light,
it is shown that the Nevada National
Bank was allowed a deduction of $72 a
share from the asked price. The deduc
tion allowed to Mayor Phelan's First Na
tional Bank was $150 a share from the
asked price, or $110 from the price bid.
The discrimination In favor of Phelan's
financial institution Is either outrageous
or the extortion applied to other banks
is grievous in the extreme. The deduc
tion of $150 a share to the First National
Bank amounts on 10,000 shares to $1,500,
000. • .
T. I. Bergin, on behalf of the banking
institutions of San Francisco. Is now en
gaged in preparing a complaint against
the assessment of banks. The courts will
be asked to compel the Assessor to make
a reassessment on the basis of fairness
and equality. Facts and figures are In
the possession of the attorney to fully
justify the legal proceedings.
Many people are wondering why the
fine property on Market street known aa
the Phelan building fails to enhance in
value. The lots have not diminished In
Bize since the Mayor Inherited the prem
ises. The building has not grown smaller.
In ISSB the property was assessed for $970.
000. Phelan wanted Assessor Nealon to
reduce the assessment $50,000, but Nealon
added $34,000, making the valuatldh $1,124.-
row 'assumed charge of the proceedings.
By way of Introductory he said:
"We have assembled here this evening
to extend a cordial welcome to the dis
tinguished gentlemen who have been se
lected by the President to establish civil
government In the Philippine Islands. We
also desire to present our respects to the
member of that body who has been ap
pointed from California— Professor Ber
nard C. Moses. (Prolonged applause.) We
congratulate him upon his selection, and
express our confidence In him. He will do
credit to the State and the nation in the
services he has been appointed to per
form."
Our Duty in the Islands.
Turning to the subject of the Philippine
question Judge Morrow said:
"We must maintain the sovereignty of
the United States in all places where we
have a lawful right to plant our Jlag. We
may be divided in our opinions as to the
relations, we bear toward the Filipinos,
but there Is no question that it Is our duty
to establish law and order wherever the
stars and stripes are flying.
"We mUFt be absolutely just with the
people of the Philippines; as a great na
tion we cannot afford to do otherwise.
We must deal honorably and justly with
:ill people we are called upon to protect,
always having in mind the great princi
ples of civil government established by
the immortal Washington. Our object
should be to eventually enable the natives
of the Philippines to become free and in
dependent as they gradually become
familiar with the principles of civil gov
ernment."
Professor Thomas R. Bacon of the Uni
versity of California was the first speaker
called upon. As a fellow professor he
paid a glowing tribute to the worth of
FJUENDS of Professor Bernard C.
Moses tendered h!m and his col
leagues on the Philippine Com
mission a banquet laet night in
the ladies" grillroom of the Palace
Hotel. Tables were ppread in the' big
apartment for upward of 400 guests, and
«very Feat was occupied. The mo?t rep
resentative citizens of both sides of the
bay wrre present. The affair, associated
&s It is with on» of the most important
probU-m* which confronts the nation, and
one of especial moment to the Pacific
Coast, attracted more than passing at
tention.
Aside from the interest manifested in
the momentous matters with which the
Philippine Commissioners will have • to
deal, axil vantage wa* taken of the occa
eion for the citizens of the State to ex
press their high regard for Professor Ber
nard C. Mosc-s of the University of Cali
fornia. Probably no public man has been
Itiven a heartier Indorsement by tho=e who
know him Lost and have observed with
keen Interest and satisfaction the great
•work he has accomplished as an educator.
Incidentally the people of California take
pride in Professor Moses' appointment on
the commission, and gave evidence of
their pleasure at the banquet last even-
Hoses* Tiffany Friends.
The Invitations stated that the affair
was to be given by the friends of Profes
sor Moses. Taking this as a fact the only
deduction is that «>very man of promi
nence in San Francisco, Oakland and the
college town has a warm place in his
heart for California's member of the Phil
ippine Commission— for they were all
there.
No less hearty was the welcome ex
tended to the Eastern members of the
body. Judge Taft, who spoke for his
Eastern colleagues, said the affair was
more of a pleasure than a surprise, and
that it was not necessary for him to have
traveled 3000 miles to know that San Fran
cisco always hangs the latch string on the
outside as her reputation for hospitality
was as familiar on the shores of the At
lantic as on the Pacific Slope.
Judge W. W. Morrow presided over the
assemblage as toastmai-ter, and admirably
did he perform his duty. The speeches
were almost exclusively along the lines
of the work which is ahead of the commis
sion. Some of the orators talked expan
sion, others were against the acquisition
of new territory, while a few sought safe
ty by assuming a neutral position.
Judfre Taft Cheered.
Whitelaw Reid favored following the
flag to the earth's end and was applauded.
Judge Taft, chairman of the commission,
announced that he was an anti-expan
sionist, and would have much preferred If
the problems with which the nation was
confronted had not been presented. He
was loudly cheered, and a tiger capped
the climax of the applause that greeted
his declaration.
The guest of the evening was the last to
speak. When he arose he was given an
ovation. Cheer after cheer greeted him,
and sandwiched in between was the fa
miliar yell of the U. C.
When the menu of good things for the
inner man had been disposed of and the
intellectual food was in order Judge Mor-
Professor Moses as a public man and hla
integrity as a citizen and friend.
At the conclusion of Professor Bacon's
remarks the toastmaster Introduced
Whitelaw Reid of New York. In his in
troductory remarks Judge Morrow re
ferred to the distinguished gentleman
from the East as a member of the Peace
Commission who had been instrumental
in "removing one ulcer from the affairs of
th« world and giving a free and Independ
ent Cuba." Mr. Reid was in his happiest
mood and e.ntered heartily Into the spirit
of the occasion. Briefly he said:
Occasion of Congratulation.
"This occasion is one primarily of con
gratulation and personal good will. It
would seem to one who is not entirely, a
stranger and not yet to tho manner born
that San Francisco Is well pleased with
the Pacific. Coast member of this com
mission, and this is not merely because
he is well adapted to the place. You
know him— you know his worth. The rest
of the members you must take on recom
mendation.
"His appointment Is of absolutely no
political significance whatever.. It is one
approved alike by Republicans, Demo
crats and Dewey men. It is Indorsed by
men who indorse the administration and
also by those who think the acquisition of
the Philippines a great national mistake.
"There are too many questions of vital
importance upon which this country is at
variance. There If, however, a common
ground of mpctins— wo all are citizens of
the nation and all proud of the name of
Americans. There is not one with faith
or lack of. faith in the administration who
is not, after all. a patriot."
Addressing tho member" of tho com
mission, Mr. Reid paid the gathering
united In expecting It to carry out that
character of government for which it was
created, for which no part of the Ameri
can possessions was so much In need" as
the Philippines. Continuing, the speaker
said:
"We greet Professor Moses now In what
we must look upon as the beginning of a
great career. The first duty of the com
mission will be the establishment of law
and order in a land so recently given over
to crime and bloodshed. I hope the mem
bers will be able to make the best of a
situation which none of us like too well,
but It Is a situation from which we can
not escape and for which our country is
responsible. . ¦
"Wo hesitate in extending to the
Filipinos the right of .American citizen
ship. •We can readily see that such action
would flood our labor market with cheap
labor and give to the natives of the China
Seas a voice In our glorious Government,
but we must give them all the rights con
sistent with justice and humanity. First,
there must be order; second, justice;
third, American civil rights, and lastly,
local self-government."
Again addressing his remarks to the
Commissioners, Mr. Reid said that If the
members allowed political motives to
guide them they would tail, and with a
"good-by and God bless you," gave way
to the next speaker. Judge W. H. Taft,
chairman of the commission.
Taft Against Expansion.
Judge Taft .said that the magnificent
welcome extended the Commissioners was
more of a gratification than a surprise.
Whether a man came from Vermont or
Tennessee or the modest plains of Ohio he
always knew the latchstrfng of San Fran
cisco was out. He was aware, as were his
colleagues, that the enthusiasm of the
SCENE AT THE BANQUET GIVEN TO PROFESSOR BERNARD C. MOSES AND THE PHILIPPINE COMMISSION.
SAN FRANCISCO EXTENDS A WELCOME TO THE PHILIPPINE
COMMISSION AND DOES HONOR TO CALIFORNIA'S MEMBER
Txlß fclAis I^KAI>(JiISCO CAJLJL, iIUDAY, Ai-UiLL 13, IUOO.
ployes selected from among the Ameri
cans. If the Commissioners should try to
perpetuate any political party by their
labors they would deserve and receive the
condemnation of the world.
Sectionalism Is Dead.
General Wright of Tennessee was intro
duced as "the lawyer of the commission."
He said that there had been neither sec
tionalism nor politics in the selection of
the commission. He was a Sonthem man
and a Democrat. A few months ago he
had more fully realized than ever that
the American civil war was over, when
men from all sections of the common
country had rallied to fight together un
der the American flag. The volleys at
Santiago and at Manila had been fired
over th»» body of dead sectionalism.
Rev. Dr. Stebblns spoke In terms com
plimentary- to Professor Moses and told
the other Commissioners something about
their colleague. This led up to calls for
Moses, and when he rose the banqueters
stood up and cheered and wafed handker
chiefs and napkins and sang "For he's a
jolly good fellow."
Professor Moses read his address from
notes. He was pleased to know that h»
had friertds among his neighbors. Cali
fornia was a land where human sympathy
was broad. Referring to the. Philippines
he said that no nation to-day stood so
strongly for Justice, tempered with le
niency, as does America. It stood for
Justice and guaranteed fair dealing to all
people over whom it had. authority. In
government and politics patriotism was
what was needed. He thanked the people
of California for their splendid entertain
ment.
Judge Morrow closed the proceedings by
wishing the Commissioners- godspeed and
success.
LIEUTENANT B. B. KNOX.
handle," said Lieutenant Knox: "They,
place no value on a human life and are
not afraid of knives and firearms, ; but.
strange to say, they are Mn mortal fear
of a hard fist or a lash. The Macabebes
arer the best' fighters, but care theleast
for a human. life. I have heard it often
asserted that Macabebes have never been
Save 25 Pep Cent
On Your Summer Suit
by getting It made ,-^ —^
at Pohelm's. J^L&imfr J^
Suits 915.30 up. f^jfJ&gdfZFK
Pants If !•«"»<> up. I '^JgfSSR 7/ (\
Guaranteed to he rfi£*\* \ W
first class la every v'/"'***^ iJc*/
Sample* sent free. )«%« \ \ P
JOE POHEIM, TTt IB I U
The -Tailor. .. II / aW-tt \\
Ulfr-1112 Market st. I j / J* W 1 V
¦ 301-203 Montg'y st. !
14