A AEW YORK. April 27.— While the banquet hall of the Waldorf-Astoria wa s ringing to-night with applause In honor
Byjfot the hero of Appomattox, Klihu Root, with all the Impresslveness attaching to a deliberate statement from a Sec-
Mj if retary of War, gave utterance tp a warning that was received by old eoldlers present' with grim silence that was
*¦ * more eloquent than cheers. Secretary Root, seemingly weighing the Import of his words, carefully declared that the
time was rapidly approaching in our history as a nation when we should have to either abandon the Monroe doctrine
or fight for it. He added that we would never abandon it. and closed his period with an appeal that seemed like a fervent
prayer when he said: ¦ -
"When that time shall come, God grant that some man like the great hero whose name we honor to-night may be raised
up to meet the issue." . . ¦ . ¦ : , -
Secretary Root was presiding over a dinner held in honor of the birthday of Ulysses S.' Grant. The words fraught with
such import were spoken In his opening address. He had eulogized the career of the great soldier and cited it as one for
young Americans to emulate. ,
"What was It," he asked, "that stood between us and war with France at the close of our civil -war, when Maxlmllllan.
backed by the f6rces of France, sought to establish an empire In Mexico? Nothing but the knowledge abroad that'that
Btern. sltent. Indomitable leader stood ready again to lead the armies of the United States in defense of the maintenance of
the Monroe doctrine. This is a deed of Grant's that the American people are likely to appreciate more fully as the years
roll on.
"No Intelligent man can read the signs of the : times to-day and not realize that the hour is coming— and coming before
many years— when we American people will be forced either to abandon the Monroe doctrine or else fight for it. And unless
greater wisdom and diligence in legislation is. displayed in the future than has prevailed In the past that time is likely to
arrive and find us in a state of unpreparedness.'<
"Should that happen, are we going to abandon the Monroe doctrine? Never! We may have to fight for It, but we can
never abandon it. Should such a crisis find us unprepared, oh," what would we not give then for one hour of Ulysses S.
Grant!" > r .-»•-" ' . . .-*"••, . '¦. .¦ • . -.' i?+^'X : £~'*i ¦¦¦ i:-. V;-'
View of Ottawa and Hull From
Parliament Hill.
TORONTO. April 27.—Dis
patches from Ottawa summar
ize the situation as follows:
Ottawa — Buildings de
stroyed. 2000.
Hull — Buildings destroyed,
ISOO.
Total loss both cities, esti
mated — 517.000.000.
Total insurance both cities,
estimated — $12,000,000.
Lives lost so far as known —
Seven.
Seme of the heaviest losses
are: Booth Lumber Company,
S3.0CO.OOO; Eddy Company,
Sl.OOO.OOO; McKay Milling
Company. 5500.000-. Hull
Lumber Company, $70O,00O;
electric light company,
$250,000; Dominion Carbide
Works, $150,000.
•^NTTAWA. April 27.— More than five
iff^B square miles of territory burned
SL JB frvrr: more than 2000 buildings
destroyed; seven lives lost: seven
thousand men. women and child
ren honv-IfFS and a property lofs
of $17,000,090. according to the latest esti
mate. Insured for about half its value,
are the results as viewed to-night of the
cnr.flaCTation which swf-pt this" city and
Hull yesterday and to-day. Although
under control for many hours, the flames
•were not entirely extinguished until about
noon to-day. The dead:
MISS MINNIE COOK, aged 40
years, cremated in her own house.
JOHN PUMPLE, car repairer, 646
Somerset street, suffocated.
GEORGE PEELEY, shoemaker,
123 Queen street West, suffocated.
JOHN BABE, Hull, fireman for
X. B. Eddy & Co.
Unknown man found dead in
Keycr's House, Wellington street,
Hull.
MRS. CARRINGTON, Wellington
street, Hull, died frcm fright, aged
SO years.
A. BATJDIN', 8 years old, son of
Charles Baudin, Duke street, Hull.
A relief committee has been formed by
tho citizens, and. together with the Cath
olic archbishops of Ottawa and Montreal,
•will make- an appeal for relief to the coun
try. The most serious problem that con
fronts Hull is that of wcrk. The major
ity of householders who were burn* d out
are poor and have larpe families. It is
not expected there will be employment
for a considerable- period, and how many
of the poor are going to live is doubtful.
On the Ottawa s=ido fully two-thirds ol
Dalhousle ward Is devastated and an esti
mate by residents of the district places
the number who were without roofs of
their own last night in this district at
5.000. The destroyed property here in
cluded some of the finest residences In
Ottawa, as well as a preat many of the
h'jmb'pft. In this section were the fine
houses of HGn. Mr. Foster, Dr. Scott.
Lcrvy Crannell and Mr. McLaurln, Martin
& WarnecX** big flour mill; Erskine
Presbyterian Church, Somerset street
bridge, the immense lumber piles along
Division. Preston and Rochester streets;
the residences of John Plnkey, James
Murphy. Mrs. Catherine Pinkey, Alexan
der Coulter. Mrs. A. Rochester. Thomas
A. Cook. Edward Foxton and A. J. War
neck, the French Presbyterian Church
and the Victoria Brewery, ail of which*
have disappeared.
The Ottawa Electric Company will be
a very heavy loser. An approximate
value of Its property is placed at $300,000.
The Ottawa Electric Company had six
power houses. There was one central,
or distributing power house, and the other
Jive wore auxiliary or sub-stations. Of
these sub-stations only one. that operated
by steam, remains, the other four being
destroyed. The Central power house and
the etcara auxiliary station were saved
only after a hard fight by the directors
and employes.
The fire area was viewed by thousands
of people this afternoon and evening. One
of the most remarkable things about the
ecene was that ro smoke was to be seen.
There were no half burned buildings or
smouldering logs anywhere. All of Hull's
principal buildinps. with the exception of
the Catholic Church, are things of the
past.
The bulld!n»rs and land In the place are
valued at f2.000.000, and of this amount
over $1,000,000 may be put down as a loss.
PARLIAMENT BUILDING AT OTTAWA.
f The city of Ottawa stands on the south side of the Ottawa River, above the
? mouth of the Rldeau. On the opposite side and connected with it by a sus
;> pension bridce is the town of Hull, a place of s<ome 12,500 inhabitants, almost
all French Canadians, who are principally engaged in some brarch of the
lumber trade. The above "picture, taken from Parliament Hill, Ottawa.
'-• shows the section of the larger city that has been devastated and the greater
« part of that In Hull. In both are immense lumber yards, which, with the
1 wooden houses of which both places are almost entirely built, offered quick
food for the flames.
Then in stocks, fixtures, equipment,
household effects and wearing apparel
thJ»ro is. a loss of nearly $3^00,000. The
vast piles of lumber which went up in
fmoke may be reckoned at $2,000,000 more.
How the Fire Started.
The fire broke out in the house of Mr.
Kirouae. on Chaudiere street, Hull. It
is said that Mrs. Kirouac was lighting her
fire to get the family dinner and set the
chimney on fire. The flames spread to
the roof and quickly communicated to
adjoining houses. There was a heavy gale
blowing at the itme, and the fire was soon
beyond control.
Hundreds of homeless persons slept in
the open air last night, or wandered about
the streets o? Ottawa and Hull, although
many houses were freely thrown open to
the homeless. Many people were accom
modated in the Drill Hall, the Salvation
Army barracks and other places.
The scene of the Hull fire to-day pre
sented a vast desert of mere ashes, out
of which the porch of Notre Dame dv
Grace, the property of the Obiates of
Mary ihe Immaculate: the St. Mary's
School, recently built at a cost of $15,000,
and a cluster of residences round the
church, r.lone are intact. Among the ruins
<-.f a house on Washington street, • Hull,
to-day was found the corpse of Bernaby
Myers. All night In Ottawa the homeless
ones went about looking for places in
which to take up their abode and in some
instances searching for members of their
families.
The ¥lf\<\y House, which was destroyed,
was a historical building. When the Duke
of Connaught visited this district thirty
years ni?o a grand ball was given him at
the "Chapel," as It was familiarly known.
A largo marquee was erected on the lawn
end here the dancing took place, the sup
per beir.g served In the house.
RELIEF FOR THOSE
WHO LOST THEIR ALL
LONDON. April 27.— The. newspapers
are unanimous in expressing the opinion
that it Is the duty of Great Britain to
promptly and substantially assist In re
pairing the losses incurred by the Ottawa
nre. The St. James Gazette voices the
Bf-nrral view, saying:
"At any time such a disaster to Canada
would have appealed irresistibly to the
sympathies of Englishmen, and the pres
ent conditions- strengthen the obligation.
Wo have plenty on our hands with the
South African war and the Indian famine,
but we shall not be backward In doing
all we can for our Canadian brothers till
the bottom dollar Is reached."
There Is considerable excitement in
.Edinburgh insurance companies on ac
count of the fire, as all the companies are
heavily involved.
OTTAWA, Ont., April 27.— The Govern
mont. at a Cabinet meeting to-day, decid
ed to give $100,000 to relieve the sufferers
of the Ottawa and Hull fire. Ten thousand
dollars will be given for immediate use.
The City Council has decided to give $10 -
000.
CHICAGO. April 27.— Mayor Harrison
to-day opened subscriptions for the Otta
wa. Ont., fire sufferers. The list was
headed by Mrs. Cyrus McCormick and
grew rapidly during the day.
MONTREAL, April 27.— The Bank of
Montreal has telegraphed $10,000 to the
Ottawa sufferers.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 27,-The Chinese
merchants of \ Ictorla to-night wired ex
pressions of sympathy to the citizens of
fire-swept Ottawa and Hull, with $500 in
tcken of their sincerity.
SHIPPING
BILL WILL
NOT PASS
•
No Hope for the Measure
at the Present Session
of Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, "WASHINGTON, April 27.—
Early adjournment of Congress is now as
sured. Between the Democrats and the
Republicans of the two branches a full
understanding has been reached, which
will result in adjournment shortly after
the Ist of June.
Not until to-day did the Republican
leaders in the Senate give up the hope of
passing the subsidy bill and the army re
organization bill at this session, but to
night they know that It is Impossible to
push either through. This knowledge was
brought to them in a most emphatic man
ner by Senator Jones of Arkansas and
other minority leaders. Senator Pettus,
in using up the greater part of two days
In speaking on the Scott case, gave the
Republican leaders a hint of what they
might expect if they continue their en
deavors to put the two bills, which the
Democrats object to, through the Senate.
An Informal conference was held this
afternoon, at which Senator Frye was
told that dilatory tactics would be resort
ed to at every opportunity unless the Re
publicans would agree to make no attempt
to bring up the subsidy bill or the army
leorganization bill. Senator Jones gave
full assurance that the Democratic Sen
ators were in accord on this subject,
whereupon the Republicans acquiesced,
thereby sealing the doom, so far as this
session goes, of two of the most important
measures which have been framed since
the present Congress convened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Significant Words of Secretary of War Root Uttered at a Banquet in
New York on the Birthday of the Hero
of Appomattox.
"WE MUST FIGHT FOR THE MONROE
DOCTRINE OR ELSE ABANDON IT."
Spaniards Given More Time.
WASHINGTON. April 27.— The Senate In
executive session to-day ratified the treaty
with Spain extending for six months the
time In which Spanish residents of the
Philippines may decide whether they will
remain subjects of Spain or become citi
zens of the Philippines. •
Danish Cabinet Resigns.
• COPENHAGEN. April 27.— At a Cabinet
council to-day King Christian accepted
the resignation ¦of the • Horrlng Cabinet
and appointed a new Rightist Ministry.
The Premier and Minister of Foreign Af
fairs Is H. de Sehested, vice president of
the Landsthing.
' tions from Allwal North show that sev
eral small commandos are still hovering
in the vicinity of Springfield, causing a
certain amount of danger, and the ad
vices from Dewetsdorp. outlining the du
ties of General Chermside, justify the
conclusion that it will still be necessary
to employ a considerable body of troops
to keep the Free State clear of Boers.
The position is that the Boers, who be
gan their raid a month ago by compelling
Colonel Broadwood to retire to Bloem
fontein, have got safely away to the
northward, practically without loss, but
¦with the advantage of seven Erltlsh guns,
together with a hundred prisoners cap
tured.
Advance to Pretoria Not Begun.
Meanwhile the advance to Pretoria has
not begun. Small wonder Is It that muf-
Iled complaints and criticisms are begin
ning to be heard here and there against
Lord Roberts. Two-thirds of his entire
force. have been employed In effecting
this small satisfaction, and the probabil
ity Is that the whole force must again
be concentrated on Bloemfontein before
the main advance begins. As similar
raids on the British communications are
likely to be repeated. It Is evident that
Pre^ria's capture is still a long way off.
The significance of General Hunter's di
vision going to Kimberley,' where mount
ed troops are arriving daily, is now said
to be a serious attempt to deal with the
strong Boer forces on the Vaal River,
now threatening to retake Barkley.
and then an endeavor to relieve Mafe
king. i It will be borne in mind that Gen
eral Hunter paid a hurried visit to Lord
Roberts at Bloemfontein.
A "temporary railway bridge has just
been completed at Bethulie, where hith
erto railway trucks had been transferred
over the wagon bridge. This will greatly
facilitate -getting stores up to Bloemfon
tein.
Poultney Blgelow, discussing the treat
ment of the South African rebels, says
that the wisdom of the United States
Government in not punishing the Con
federates after the war of secession has
borne good fruit, and he suggests that a
similar result would ¦ follow a' similarly
liberal policy In South Africa.
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Morning Post, telegraphing Thursday,
says:
/'Most satisfactory progress has been
made in the accumulation of stores dur
ing the present week. Supply Park now
Dresents a respectable ax>x>earance. The I
prospects of a general advance are more
favorable."
Botha's Effective Generalship.
The Bloemfor.tein correspondent of the
Times, telegraphing Thursday, says:
"There appears to be little chance of In
flicting effective punishment on the re
treating Boers. Commandant General
Louis Botha, who arrived at Dewetsdorp
on Monday, realized the situation at ence
and ordered the immediate withdrawal of,
the Boers both from there and from Wcp
ener."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle, telegraphing Thursday,
says:
"Latest reports show that the Boers
passed east of Thaba Nchu when going
north. A prisoner reports that a com
mando which doubled back on the pursu
ing British la now making Its way west In
the direction of Leeuwkop."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph, under Thursday's date,
says:
"The Boers who retreated from Dewets
dorp kept well ahead of General French's
cavalry. Unless the enemy should mak a
stand at Kroonstad Lord Roberts will rap
idly cress the Vaal River."
Other Bloemfontein dlspatehea throw
interesting points of light upon the situa
tion. Qne special says that 730 wagons of
a Boer heavy transport train have reached
Krconstad from the south. Only light
wagons have been left behind. The Boers
have organized a specially mounted corps
for foraging and other work requiring
special mobility. Another reports that
before the Boers were driven from Dew
etsdorp about 7000 of them had been slowly
retiring toward Ladybrand, where large
supplies are stored and Immense cornfields
are ready for harvesting.
Boers to TarTy in Natal.
The Ladysmith correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says:
"The Boers are preparing to spend the
winter in Natal. They are bringing their
stock from the high veldt into Natal for
winter grazing and they are demanding
that the Kaffirs ray the hut tax to them
Instead of to the Natal Government. They
also declare that unless the Kaffirs work
for them they (the Kaffirs) must remote
south of Sunday River."
The Ladysmith correspondent of the
Standard says: V.
"The strength of the Boers In the Blg
garsberg district Is believed to be between
5000 and • 8000. They are commanded by
Continued on Third Page.
LONDON. April 2S.— ln Commandant-
General Lculs Botha the Boers ap
pear to have found a capable suc
cessor to Joubert. As the result of
his Insight and quick decision it may
be assumed now that the retreating com
mandos have gotten safely away with the
transport.
It Is true that Lord Roberts* dispatch
leaves much unsaid as to the whereabouts
of other forces than those of General
French and General Rundle. Nothing is
said about the troops of General Bra
bant, General Pole-Carew, General Hart
and General Chermslde. but the indlca-
MILNER INTERCEDED
IN WARREN'S BEHALF
LONDON. April 27.— The following dis
patch has been received at the War Of
fice from Lord Roberts:
"BLOEMFONTEIN. April 26.— At the
request of the High Commissioner, War
ren has been appointed military gover
nor of Griquiland West while that part
of the country Is In a disturbed condi
tion."
Lord Roberts' peculiar reference to Sir
Alfrefl Milner over Warren's appoint
ment lends itself to the Inference that the
commander-In-chlef of the British forces
in South Africa scarcely approves of it,
and that the previous report that War
ren had been recaned was correct, but
that he was saved from coming home by
the action of the British High Commis
sioner.
&ONDON, April 2j, 11:12 p. m. — The War Office has issued the following from Lord Roberts,
mfa, dated Blocmfontcin, Friday, April 2j:
"General French reached Thaba Xchu this morning with cavalry. He met General lan
Hamilton and General Smith-Dorricn's brigade there. The enemy are still holding the eastern outlet of
the town, from which General French ami General Hamilton zvcre proceeding to turn them out.
, "General Rundlc's division zvas eight miles south of Thaba Xchu last evening. Additional cas
ualties thus far reported: lan Hamilton's Mounted Infantry — Lieutenants Barry and Hill, zivundcd, both
of Marshall's Horse, the former severely, the latter slightly.
"A palrol from Bcthulie came across a body of the enemy on Smithficld road on April 25. Pri
vate King of the Prince Alfred Guards zcas killed and two: of the Royal Scots Service Corps zverc taken
prisoners.
"The Yeomanry Cavalry, under General Brabanson, after rcconnoitcring as far as Wepencr,
returned to Dcivetsdorp this morning. ¦ ,
Seven Persons Are Known to Have Perished and
Seven Thousand Were Deprived of
T\ • I I
l neir Homes.
Raid Upon the Invaders' Line of Communication
Has Delayed for Weeks the Advance
Upon Pretoria.
Losses in the Hull and Ottawa Fire Esti
mated at Seventeen Millions.
Botha's Entire Force Escapes From the
Gordon Stretched by the British.
ROBERTS OUTGENERALED
BY BOER COMMANDER
SMOKING RUINS COVER FIVE
SQUARE MILES OF LAND
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 159.
PRICE FiyE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
DEATH DEALT
BY FLOOD IN
TEXAS TOWNS
Sudden Inundation Follows
a Heavy Downpour. of
Rain.
BODIES FLOAT IN STREETS
Eight Persons Numbered Among the
Vctims in Waco and the List
of the Dead Is Yet
Incomplete.
WACO, Tex., April 27.— A cloudburst,
accompanied by a high wind, descended
upon this city at noon to-day and the re
sult Is that eight people are known to
have perished in the city limits, and
property valued at several thousond dol
lars has been destroyed or Injured- The
known dead are:
MRS. NANCY CAUDLE.
MISS CLARA CAUDLE. .; ]
ROSA CHARPMAN. j fi*jj
EMMA DECKER. • ?-*}
THOMAS CAPPS.
FRANK WALKER.
Two neero men, names unknown. *
The downpour of rain commenced about
noon and was incessant until dark. It
was in the shape of a waterspout, and
the rise in the creeks and branches was
so rapid that It did not give the Inhab
itants time to flee. Three persons, two
women and a man, all colored, 'were
drowned within a hundred yards of the
City Hall. Their bodies were - washed
through the streets jj into the Brazos
River and have r not ' been recovered.
There were "* several people, mostly ne
groes, standing on a bridge watching the
rapid rise of Barrons branch, when the
bridge, a brick structure, gave way with
out warning, precipitating them' Into the
water. The number positively known to
have been drowned within the city lim
its to-night is eight, and it is almost cer
tain that several more lives have been
lest. Searching parties are out looking
for the drowned and helping to move
those who are in danger or distress. In
the southern part of the city where the
two white women, Mrs. Caudle and her
daughter, lost their lives, the rise was the
highest ever known. -The damage done by
the storm will be heavy-
Incoming reports indicate that one of
the heaviest rainfalls experienced In years
visited many sections of the State and
rivers and smaller streams are again ris
ing rapidly.
All points along the Brazos and Colo
rado rivers have been notified and while
much damage to property, may- re^lt from
another rise yet It I* b'elMvt&i lhat the
timely warning will enable those who live
In the valleys to fully protect themselves.
Reports from Belmont and Rockport
state that the storm was especially severe
In those sections. , -
WOMAN IS KILLED
BY TORNADO IN TEXAS
BLUM, Tex., April 27.— A tornado passed
through the eastern part of this place at
noon to-day, \ destroying several resi
dences and a two-story building. For
tunately but two persons were seriously
Injured, one of whom, Eunice Hanks, will
die. She was caught between two timbers
and received Internal injuries. About
fifteen others were slightly hurt. Robert
McCluskey's business house and the Bap
tist church are among the badly wrecked
buildings. L. I* Robertson's residence
was demolished and Robertson probably
fatally injured. Mrs. Robertson was hurt
about the head. The storm started about
three miles south of town and was nearly
200 yards wide. The grain crop in the
path of the storm Is badlraamaged and
fruit trees are broken and stripped of
fruit. Nothing has been heard from the
country.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
CLEVER BOER DEVICE: BARBED WIRE FENCES SUBMERGED IN THE FORDS.
On the principle that all Is fair in war, the Boers have introduced a number of novelties In that ancient art. which.
simple as they were, have proved no small hindrance to their enemies. Among other things Is the barbed wire fence ob- *
struction placed In the streams under water at places where the British were likely to. attempt a crossing. Out of sight 4
ami out of reach with the clippers w^th which every company is provided, this contrivance has proved a much more 4
seriqus obstacle to both horse and foot than when encountered on land. <
The above illustration, - taken from The Spear, shows a troop of British cavalry running into such a trap on the
Tugela during General Butler's advance on Ladysmith.33U MARKET ST. SF
Weak Men and Women
SHOULJ> V6E DAMIANA BITTEK3. THE
great Mexican remedy; Klves health and
rtrength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
.*^£*&& 1^ : k£l& t*n«ij for C.onoTT]u*Z
j*S3^CCnES^^3 Gleet, 3p«rnitorrbivi,
aWFJria lioS^y-^ra nnnatural ti*.
jFfaii Ocir»a»*d )j2 charts, or any Inflamraw
gfi*** not u> iuU:vj*. tion, i irritation or ui>»n>
ft, ifrn — r— »nt»e»oD. tion of ducoui mem*
J^tTHtEVMS CHEWtCtt CO. *>ranes. Noo-wtriagenS.
V«e|iLC:N»N)iATi,o.raH l 3 Sold ay »*«»«:**u.
c" a jFvi nr B * nt la ola|n "nvver-
HhSS^^ ' J^Snß b ? eipr?sa, prepaid, tot
iMClillßliJfri^li ?i«>. ft 3 bottio*. 0.7 a. ,
VSSgffiitiSPv' O CUcaiai no*, ua rnrafc.
DEV/EY.STRONG&CO.
WESTERN MEN
IDEATE THE
ST. LOUIS FAIR
Distinguished Body Apppars
Before the House Special
Committee.
WASHINGTON', April 27.— A t distin-
Kuished body of representative men from
the We«t and Southwest appeared before
tli" House Committee on Insular Affairs
to-day to make formal presentation of the
project for an international exposition at
Kt. Louis in IM3 to commemorate the
I/Duisiana purchasp and the resulting de
velopment of the Missisippl Valley and Its
vast tributary sections.
Bills have already been introduced pro
viding a $3/KX),000 appropriation in its aid.
The hearing was given under the aus
pices of the special committee on the cen
tennial of the Louisiana purchase. con-
Fisting of Representatives Tawney (chair
man), Steele, Sherman. Joy, Corliss,
liurke. Williams of Mississippi, Bartlett
and Otey.
Ex-Secretary Francis of Missouri opened
the hearing. He said that great events
in the history of the country
should be commemorated by appro
priate celebrations, as patriotism Is fog
tered thereby and patriots are in
cited to nobler efforts. He dwelt
upon the importance of the Louisiana pur
chase and asserted the willingness of St.
an' CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
I 7?-Zr OrfctMl »"1 Only Krnolnn,
VT«<I&A «" CHICHKSTEII'S EXGUSH
fcli t L9\f*2\ in 1£EI» »aJ «iold met»:!in boie«. > .i!e<l
*t-v \Loy '3 with t;of riM-^in. Take no other. Refa««
•*rs <f>s» **i l 'i' l'steeroa* Mnb«tltatlans and Imlt-a-
i- / — fjf tlo« .. Bay cf yoor Dra<t ¦.«. er «*3 i 4e. (a
I{„ ' Jf itanip* for Partienlar*. Tr.timonUU
Imt t> mad "Relief for Ladies." it Utter, hy re-
\" [f tarn Mull. lO.OOOTuiimnaial*. 3.-.M or
"*^»-— i»n DrugjiK*. Chlehe«t«r ('hemleml Co-
Uratloa ttU p«f *r. Ma4laoa, S«aare. PUILA^ 4«A.
Louis to raise tho $10,000,000 required bo
fore the appropriation made by Congress
could be made available, according to the
terms of the resolution.
Mr. Francis was frequently interrupted
by members of tho committee, showing in
.the main a sympathetic spirit toward the
enterprise. "When he closed Governor
Shaw of lowa made a witty and felici
tous speech, concluding with the state
ment that lowa supported the project and
desired it to have a national and interna
tional scope.
Governor Jones of Arkansas spoke in
favor of the project, as did also Lieuten
ant Governor Gilbert of Nebraska and
Colonel John R. G. Pitkin of New Orleans,
president of the Trans-Mississippi Con
gress. Other speakers were Governor
Prince of New Mexico. ex-Governor Hub
bard of Texas pnd William H. Thompson.
chairman of the finance committee of the
exposition.
It Is expected that the committee will
take early action on the report.
MISS JOSEPHINE DUFFICY
WILL WED W. J. BARRY
Social Favorite of San Rafael to Be
come Bride of Honolulu Busi
ness Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 27.— T0-morrow
morning W. F. Barry of Honolulu will
lead to the hymenlal altar Miss Josephine
Dufflcy. one of the most charming, and
best known belles of the social set in this
county. The wedding ceremony will l>e
performed at the Catholic church by
Father Lagan, arid none but the most in
timate friends of the contracting parties
will be present.
Mr. Barry is one of Honolulu's most
prominent and rising business men. . He
is secretary and general manager of the
largest sugar concern in the islands. Miss
Dufflcy is well known In the younger so
cial set and is an exceedingly handsome
brunette. Immediately after the cere
mony the bride and groom will leave for
the south. They will make their home ia
Honolulu.
Fire at Wheatland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. April 27.— The hand
some residence of Mrs. B. F. Dam in
"Wheatland was destroyed by fire to-day
while she was visiting in this city. Not
withstanding a heavy north wind, the
adjoining property escaped the flames.
The loss will reach $5000, with a nominal
Insurance. '
Stabbed by a Lawyer.
PARTS. Tex.. April 27.— During a quarrel
in a courtroom here this afternoon Law
yer E. P. Scott stabbed Justice J. J. Hooks
in the stomach. Scott is under arrest. The
condition of Judge Hooks is serious.
plenty, I greet you and offer our bless
ings. Her vows we plight, our love we
grant. Most honored queen, we do now
and ever hereafter accept thee, gracious
lady, as our queen and ruler."
And the queen replied: "To the people
and the fairies upon this happy occasion
1 wish to express my gratitude and pleas
ure, so far as words will allow me, for
your selection of me to reign over you as
queen regent of this assemblage in the
hours of pleasure amid the vine and the
fig leaf under the olive and the orange,
and amid the flowers in this our State,
where the golden poppy ever shows its
beauty. It is my sincere wish to prove
to you a kind and gentle ruler and to ever
claim your affection and that you may
ever be governed by the queen of love
only.
I bring: you more blessings than terrors;
I bring you more sunlight than gloom;
I tear out the page of old errors
And hide thorn away in Time's tomb;
I rearli you kind hands—
An aid into lands
Where the lilies of bliss are In bloom.
Queen's Proclamation.
By order of the queen the prime minis
ter then read this proclamation:
To all the peoiJe within my realm, greeting:
I'pon this day. when It has pleased the gracious
people accompanied by the fairy folk, of this
great and beautiful r^alm to crown the Que?n
nf the Flowers In token of this memorable occa
sion and to perpetuate its memory. I. your
Qu"en do now proclaim and command you:
It is my wish, and it is now ordered, that you
cast aside and out from you all unpleasant
memory Ot whatever may give you cause of
Fadnes* and take unto yourselves only joy and
gladness.
Ix>t him who cannot obey go hence and hide
himself 4urlnK this our day of festival. And
I command that pleasure reign supreme and
that you do all that may add to the pleasure of
this occasion. 1 command that the officers of
the law relinquish their insignia of office until
the carnival b*s ended, and that no one be re
strained by reason of the excess of their pleas
ure.
I command that you. one and all. eat. drink
and he merry; that you laugh and shout with
joy and cast from amonfnuu those with solemn
faces. Thir. Is my wish, and I so proclaim it.
Witness our Blgnet ring hereto attached by
our orders. JOSEPHINE.
Queen of the Fie Eta,
Then McNoblc, on behalf of the Grand
Parlor, took occasion to thank the people
of Oroville for their kindness and hos
pitality to the order? lie explained the
absence of the delegates who had gone
by saying four days was the session and
niany could spare no more time. ~
Tho parade was under Grand Marshals
James Grace and George 10. Springer
and Assistant Grand Marshals Mrs. G.
W. Braden and Morris Crum.
After the coronation the queen received
her subjects and the remainder of the
evening was spent In revelry.
End of the Session.
It was half-past 2 o'clock this morning
when the Grand ParJor adjourned, and
then the delegates went over to the con
vention hall at once to the supper, which
had been ready and waiting for them
NO MORE DREAD OF THE
DENTAL CHAIR.
TEETH EXTRACTKT> AND FILLED AT-
SOU'TKLV WITHOUT TAIN*, by our la;»
scientltlc method applied to the gums. .No
sleep-proiluclns agrents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlnrs In San
Francfsco having PATENTED AI'I^I VXCK3
and Ingredients to extract, fill and ar-ply ©)H
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectabie from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten year?.
WITHOUT THE LEAST TAIN. Full sot nf
teeth $5, a perfect tit (suaranteed or no pay.
(Jold crowns. J3. Gold fillinffs. $1. Silver fill-
ings, SOc. All work done hy GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 year*' exprrienoe. jtn>l
each department in charge of a specialist. Olv#
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you in advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
Weekly Call, SI per Year
DENIES MANY
ALLEGATIONS
OF CRUELTIES
General Merriam Gives His
Version of the Trouble
at VVardner.
Contradicts Nearly All Statements in
Resolution Authorizing Ap
pointment of Investiga
tion Committee.
>
¦ WASHINGTON*. April 27.— At the Coeur
d'Alene investigation to-day the principal
witness was General Merriam, who de
scribed in detail his orders from the War
Department and the assembling of trcopa
there by his orders. His orders to his In
ferior officers were that arrests and seiz
ures were to be made by deputies under
the protection of troops. He was, he salil.
very careful on this point. He said that
the prisoners at all times were better
sheltered from the weather than were tl-.e
troops. There was. however,' a deficiency
in bedding. He denied that he had held
any conferences with mine owners' or
managers, but said he had several times
talked casually with mine operators who
came to or were passing through Ward
ner.
General Merriam stated positively that
he had never been in the room where the
inquest was held at Wardner. denying the
statement of Attorney Robertson to that
effect. Mr. Robertson reported to the
State that he had been under the impres
sion that General Merriam had been pres
ent. General Merrlam's testimony fol
lowed closely the lines of his report. Dur
ing twenty-eight years of service, he said,
he had never known a soldier to strike a
prisoner with a musket or jab with a
bayonet. Such testimony, he said, there
fore, to him was utterly incredible. He
declared most emphatically that a state
of rebellion existed in Idaho and that
there was a menace to public safety
there. He took up each section of the
preamble of the resolution under the op
eration of which the committee was act
ing, denyinK absolutely most of the fact 3
alleged therein.
General Merriam said the United States
troops were in charge of the prisoners
simply as guards in carrying out the au
thority of the State. The general said he
felt solicitous as to the prisoners and to
their long confinement. He finally took
up the matter with the War Department,
telegraphing on the subject. Two of the
letters had not heretofore appeared in the
correspondence furnished by the War De
partment, evidently having been mislaid.
In these letters General Merriam pointed
out the evident purpose of the Idaho au
thorities to continue the military control
for some time and referred to the ad
journment of the District Court, with the
cases of many of the prisoners still pend
ing. In one of the letters General Mer
riam advised that a part of the troops be
withdrawn. He stated also that the con
tinued service of the troops on guard duty
had led to the bribery of a sergeant and
the escape of eight prisoners. At present.
General Merriam stated, the troops were
not guarding any prisoners. A few troops
remained in garrison in the locality, but
without having any duties in connection
with the disturbance, although available
in case of an outbreak so long as martial
iaw continued. General Merriam's cross
examination will begin to-morrow.
g. >
There is an "honest tired feeling," caused
by necessary toil and cured by natural rest.
But very different is "that tired feeling," from
which so many complain and which may
even be classed as a disease. That tired feel-
ing takes yoii to bed tired and wakes yon up
tired. You have no appetite, have bilious
taste, dull headache, are nervous and irritable,
blue, weak and discouraged. In such condi-
tions Hood's Sarsaparilla does a world of good.
It begins in the right place — in the blood,
purifying it and imparting vitality; then its
tonic effect is felt by the stomach, 'Kidneys
and liver; appetite returns, waste is removed
naturally, headaches cease/ that tired feeling
departs and you feel like anew person. Take
Hood's and only Hood's. Get it TODAY.
CARTER TENANTS A CELL
IN LEAVENWORTH PRISON
Disgraced Army Captain to Labor as
a Bookkeeper WJiile Serving
His Sentence.
I,EAVEN\yORTH, Kan?.. April 27.—
Oberlin M. Carter, late captain in the
United States army, arrived at the. Fed
eral Prison here at 7:30 o'clock this even
ing, under puard of lieutenant Thomas
Haker, Fifteenth Infantry, a corporal
and three soldiers. By special orders is
sued from the Department of Justice
newspaper men were not permitted to in
terview the prisoner, who was imme
diately dressea in the prison Rarb of gray
and assigned to a cell. His prison number
is 2034 and he Is now an occupant of cell
When the late army officer. begins the
monotonous grind of prison life to-mor
row morning it will be as a prison book
keeper, for he has been assigned to this
task in the harness, broom, shoe-repair
ing and carpet- weaving shops, which -are
In the third story of the big cast building.
t&f^H A. LL .V«rroM />M«»»e»-FaiHnc Mem-
aW— arl ory. Sleeol*wn«». etc.. Csjwed brow.
{it —f 1 wo Vk » n rf ludiscretions. They «T 7 ***' V
X &tX JStf «J?r^j» restore LortVitaTltJ in old
JJK.w( „!,; or pl»a«ara. Prarent Insanity aai
*3£S£^ff'vCon«an>ption if ta!t»a in time. Th»ir
n^?W^7i?T> iri«<i iataim prOTement and effecta CUBS
Sif.™Tu !&!?nl»il taSopou having thegennin*
SSSTiyuSI They h«% cnrSl thousand- and wilt
fz~T- wZfr^Kmrim a. positive written guarantee to «f.
s^/™^Sielc?eaSror refund the money. Frios
S2»f" "JS-^ckSSs or six pajekagw Itoil treat.
50 GtS. SSTnffSSISUO ta ' maiUn plain WB.W
°AITArA l TA r^ l! DP PMP M PlfiT CO ™ Dearborn St.
AJAX REMtL»« S»U., cHicaco.Xll.^
Fo- a*l* in 3- **. or Lelpalti * Co.. NsPer.
cenug* Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. OmUi.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALL FOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
Tri nrTtTfl.nr.r* w'lh ih» 81rccll«na nf 'he R~-
nrPLTCAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delerated rrr>r*>sen'.at!ves cf th» Republican
Party from the several States auretrb!* In Na-
tional Convention !n the city of Philadelphia.
Plate of Pernsvlx-ania. en TUESDAY, the 13th
day of June. A, D. IMO, at li o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominatinr candidates for
the olflcs of Preddcct and Vice President of
the T_"r.:t»<3 F?£l;*«. enj for each other business
»f may V<e brc-jgfct before raid cor.vectlcn: and
In acrnrdan'e with the instructions g!vea by
raid Naticral Corcrri!t!»>e. directlnir that the
Ccr.rress'.cnal District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention call»d by the Congressional
Ccrrniitte* of each said district. In the same
manner as the i:omir.tt;cn cf a Representative
1n Congress is niaue In tald cittrict; therefore
fc* It
Re»Dlvra. I?y the REPUBLICAN FTATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
etate. that the Cor.cresslcr.al Committees of
tbc several CcspresEicnal Districts cf the State
cf California are hereby advised and requested
to call Ccncrcsslcr.al Conventions of their Con-
cressional District*, to be held as hereinafter
provided, et which two fieleeates shall b»
chcten to r*pre*eiit *ach cf *uch district* In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held .-..«. aforesaid, and for tb»
eelectlr.n of two alternate delccates. to act in
cat* cf the absence of tbe c>l*::ates first chosen.
The telect:cn cf th» delegates of the Con-
Kre*s!cr.al Convention rhali t>« under the direc-
tion of the Ccncressiocal Committee of each
dutrlct. In accordance with the call c» th#
SCatlonal Ccn-.ir.ittee.
Provided. That the basis of representation
to *a!d Corxresrlonal Convention* rhall be ai
follow*, to wit: One <s*>lecate for each A«f»m-
11 jr District within the Cor.fresElcna! District-
provided, that where any Assembly Pirtrlct
embraces mere than one cour.ty. there that! b»
ore delegate for each crunty and fractional
part cf a county In such Assembly District
and one deSrcate for each too votes cast for
Henry T. Oage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor 1n 1838. and one delec&te for each frac-
tion er ISO votes ct over.
It l» further direct*'*! that the ae!ep*tt<
cfcofen to the Ccr.cressionsl Convention^ eha'l
reeet In Ptate Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TCEEDAT. the !.',th Any of Mar
at t o'clock p. m.. to reject four delegates!
at-larK* to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, anfl four al-
ternate delegate*, to act In case the delegatei
•elected be absent, for the election cf a Ptate
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
»uch further hu»lne«» as may be broucht be-
fore tl-e raid Etate Cocvcntlon. •
It ts further directed that where prlraa-y
»Jectlcn* are held the test for voters ehall r, e -
"I believe In neruhHcan principles and in-
tcrre the Republican policy and the admin-
istration cf President McKlnley. and Intend
to rapport the nominees of the Republican
Party at the er*ulr.s election."
It Is further directed that contests must b«
filed with the Secretary of the Conffresslor.a.l
Ccmmlttee In wrltlnt. with a full *tatement
of the rrounds of the content, five days pre-
ce«Sn«r the meetlnr of the Etate convention,
All matters relating: to such contest before th«
Ccr.cresylor.at Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of th» nth
* a AfloptJd *rfy the hEPCTBLICAN STATE CEN-
TffAT. COMMITTEE at Ban Francisco. April
a 1500. E. C HART. Secretary.
FAMILY WASHING.
Why turn the house upside down
every Monday, make your husband dis-
Kusted with life, nearly suffocate the
children with steam, make yourself ill
with overwork and annoyance, when
you can-Ret your washing so cheaply
done by the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street,
Near Towel!.
Telephone— Office. South 420,
Laundry. South 41 S.
TOOK HIS CHILD
FROM ITS MOTHER
Mrs. Cole Refused to Leave Los An
geles and Her Husband Boldly-
Seized the Little One.
LOS ANGELES, April 27.— C. Cole stole
his 3-year-old daughter from In front of
her mother's eyes at the grandmother's
home to-day because his wife would not
return with him to his home in Massa
chusetts. Cole placed the child in a buggy
in which a driver was already seated and
despite the heartrending protestations of
the young mother lashed the horses into
a gallop an<l disappeared. He proceeded
to the Southern Pacific depot and is now
well on his way East.
Cole might have, been stopped by habeas
corpus proceedings, but it . seems not to
nave occurred to any one to sue out a
petition before he and the child were be
yond the jurisdiction of the courts of the
State.
Armor Plate Works for England.
LONDON. April 27.— The newspapers
here announce that a syndicate of north
ern capitalists with "unlimited wealth" is
about to erect on the banks of the River
Tees the largest armor plate works in the
United Kingdom. The syndicate, it Is
added, is sending a commission to the
United States to Inspect the best plants
there and to study American methods.
Tho commission includes the managers of
large steel companies and Stephen Fur
ness, son of Sir Christopher Furness. the
shipowner, shipbuilder and engine builder
of West Hartlepool.
ORO VILLE. April 27.— Just at sunset
this evening the iiesta parade start
ed from the Native Sons" arch and,
winding through the streets, final
ly found its way to the Courthouse
square, where the queen was crowned. It
was th*> prettiest night Oroville has seen
in years. Decked in wreaths of roses and
riding a prancing black horse Mrs. G. W.
Braden. the assistant grand marshal of
i the parade, led the column. Wreaths of
! roses were round her horse's neck;
| wreaths of roses hung from her shoulders
. and roses hid her saddle blanket and sad
dle girth. Then came the Oroville band,
the your.g ladies' drill corps in white, and
then the children's float, where little Les
le Jones. qu?en of tht fairies, and her
twelve spritely little nymphs rode. Then
followed the children of the school
dressed in white and with white caps, and
wreaths, of roses twined round their shou!-.
ders. The queen. Miss Josephine Bader.
followed the children, riding on a float
decked in white roses and ferns and rep
resenting a throne. She was attended by
her pages, Mattie Webber and Maud
Wills, and by her four maids of honor.
Mlfs Viola Evans. Mips Gertrude Mc-
Smith Miss Mildred Martin and Miss Lib
bio Marks. The queen was gorgeously at
lired in royal robes; the pages were
dressed in red and the maids of honor in
pure white. ." ' ¦'
Just after the queen came the boys and
girls of the High School, the girls in white
and carrying white parasols, and both
boys and girls were twined with wreaths
of 'red and white and yellow roses. The
bear float came next, a rustic structure
with a bear riding upon it. and the whole
brilliant with poppies, and after the bear
float came the deeocafd carriages. Ihere
was auite a number of them and it was
hard to cnoose the prettiest. Roses-red
pink yellow and white— were the basis of
most of the decorations, and the tastes of
the drivers ran from a few dainty
bunches on a wheel or canopy to a
smother of blossoms.
Crowning of the Queen.
At the Courthouse a throne, raised high
above the heads of the people, and fes
tooned with lilies and smilax. had been
erected and there fhe queen was escorted
by her prime minister. H. R. McNoble.
the newly elected grand orator of the Isa
tive Sons. She was preceded by the
fairies who grouped themselves around
the throne, and was followed by her pages
and maids of honor. The square was
packed with people.
As the queen reached .the throne tho
childish voices of the school children in
the distance burst forth in a song of
greeting, and wh^n this had died away
the prime minister addressed the qu*en.
"Gracious lady." he said, "by direction
of the gods of fruit and flowers, by com
mand of these omnipotent fairies here in
this beautiful spot. In a land blessed by
SCENES WITNESSED BY CARTOONIST WARREN BEFORE THE EXODUS FROM OROYILLE.
from 8 o'clock.
The ladies who were to wait on the
tables remained at their posts and carried
through their programme. The supper
was hurried through and on the 4 o'clock
train the delegates commenced to leave.
About fifty left then and over a hundred
more left at noon. The remainder will go
out on the early train to-morrow and Oro
villo will have dropped back to earth
again with a record as an entertainer she
may well be proud of. The success of the
cplebr«tloj> was to tho unalloyed
good will <»f the people, their earnest de
sire to please and the willing way in
which they worked together. Every one
worked, and none worked any the less
from the fact that his individual efforts
were lost sight of in the grand success of
the whole. Each committee had its own
work to do and in its own line each com
mittee was supreme. The executive com
mittee was formed of the chairmen of the
fourteen sub-committees, who in turn ap
pointed their own committee* and were
responsible for their work.
Major Jones, as chairman of th« exec
utive committee, had general supervision
over all. George W. Braden took entire
charge of the accommodations and the
quite complete system he had mapped out
started the delegation in a good humor
that lasted during the week.
A. M. Smith of the reception commit
tee was an untiring worker. C. L.. Bills
of the finance committee. C. E. Kusel of
tho printing committee, George E. Sprin
ger of the entertainment committee. Max
Marks of the hall committee. Frank At
kins of the transportation committee. R.
S. Kitriek of the committee on fraternal
orders, E, C. Whiting of. the general im
provement committee. George J. Carr
(grand marshal of tho Thursday parade),
I|. W. Goldstein of the decorations com
mittee. E. J. Mitchell of the banquet
committee (who made a great success of
the affair dtepite the wait of seven
hours), T. I?, iteardan of the music com
mittee and E. B. Ward of the dance com
mittee all did yeoman service, and to
these men and the ladies who managed
the fiesta is due Oroville's latest triumph.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Picturesque Parade at Sunset Marks Closing of Fes
tivities in Honor of the Visitation of the
Native Sons.
MAY HAVE
TO RESORT
TO FORCE
Sultan Shows Little Dispo
sition to Yield to
America.
UNCLE SAM'S LATEST NOTE
. \
Though a Time Limit for an Answei
Is Not Pixed, the Demand Is
ICot Far From an Ulti
matum.
CONSTANTINOPLE. April 26.— The
American note handed to the Turkish
Minister of Foreign Affair*. Jewflk
Pasha, on Tuesday, is couched in peremp
tory term?, demanding Immediate pay*
ment of the indemnity several times
promised to Minister Straus by the Sul
tan. The note does' not fix a time limit
for an answer, but its tenor is not far
from the character of an ultimatum. Ii
lias produced a great impression on the
Porte, which, however, shows no dispo
sition to modify the attitude hitherto
maintained, namely, repudiating the re
sponsibility and seeking to diminish the
importance of the matter. It is presumed
that the Porte's reply will be in this
sense, and hence it is feared the United
States Government will bo obliged to take
Mej»s jo enforce its demands.
Turkey's decision to send an officer ttt
America to study naval construction is
interpreted to be another sop. It is the
revival <>f :-.n old project to buy a cruiser
in the United States, in the price ol
which the Indemnity shall be included, so
that the Porte will !«> able to say it has
not paid the indemnity. The American
Oovprnment has already categorically, re
fused such a compromise, which would
m«-an prolonged negotiations and the
dragging out of the matter indefinitely,
to which the United States will not listen.
-As regards the indemnity, it Is in the na
ture of a debt of honor. If the Porte
wants to buy a cruiser, that is a matter
in nu way connected with the indemnity.
The Porto's reply to the last collective
note on the subject of duties has not
!>e< n made, and the Embassies are ex
changing views in regard to the term.*
on which to consent to an increase of
duty. It is thought that before the be
ginning of negotiation!? the Kmbassies*
will invite the I'orte to abolish ran-
BOtna and measures introduced in viola
tion of treaties. t
SULTAN'S PROPOSITION
CANNOT BE ACCEPTED
WASHINGTON. April 27.-Beyond the
statement that Mr. Grjsc-om, United States
«'harge d'Affaires at Constantinople, has
in en instructed to press vigorously for the
jiavmcnt of American claims for indem
nity, the officials here decline to divulge
th<- nature of his instructions. They say
that Mr. Griseom does not need express
Instructions to forward the claims, for he
had of his own volition taken a rather
advanced position in this matter and the
representations he is now making, though
this time by expr»-!-s instruction, are in
jio resect more peremptory ihan his own
preceding deliveries to the Turkish Gov-
Novel though the proposition wai from
it diplomatic standpoint, yet it is learned
to hf- true that the effort was xrwde by
the Porte to pay this American claim un
der cover of an ordT for a warship to he
built in the United States for Turkey. The
reasons lor the failure of the project were
eeveril,' The United States Government
his? no war^hijis for pale and is not au
thorized to build any for foreign order.
Th'-n there is no warrant of law for en
tering into an arrangement with a private
s-ihin huilding concern for the collection of
Sin intr>rnati<inal obligation in thK- manner
proposed. Lastly, judging by the
t-nce oi crinc-rns that h;ivr- had dealings
with the Turkish 'Jovr-mment. any ship
builder accepting the order from Turkey
wo\)!d require a guarantee from th<*
United States Government; and the net
result of the transaction miaht be the as
sumption by the United Stated of an ob
litratifin as much larger than the original
<!;i:inp a? the price of a battleship *>x
ndis the F9O-JOOQ. Even if these obstacles
¦were overcome the schema would be an
uttT failure as concerns the arromplteh
ment of th»=- primt- obtect-^-namely. th<> se
rr*t payment to thf United States of th«
indemnity v.ith a vif-w to avoid «i*"rnai!<is
from oth*-r nations for settlement of th^ir
claims, lor under our open methods of
liapinrsp the transactions would have to
ho a matter of official record.
QUEEN OF THE FIESTA
CROWNED AT ORO VILLE
NEW GOVERNOR
OF PORTO RICO
IS RECEIVED
Charles Albert Allen Reaches
His Post in the City of
• San Juan.
No Demonstration Marks His Land
ing and Citizens Are Surprised
at Simplicity of Reception
Arrangements. .
? .. .
SAX JUAN, Porto Rico. April 27.— The
United States ship Dolphin, . bearing
Charles Albert Allen, the newly appointed
Civil Governor of Porto Rico, dropped
anchor off San Juan .at 10 o'clock this
morning', as did also the United States
armored cruiser New York, the United
States battleship Texas and the United
States gunboat Maehias. The New York
remained outside the harbor.
Governor General Davis, Military Gov
ernor, visited Mr. Allen on board the
Dolphin at 11:30. A detachment of sev
enty-live insular police and tour compa
nies of the Porto Rlcan regiment, with a
band, were drawn up on tne wharf. 'The
Dolphin's launch, carrying Mr. Allen and
his family, with General Davis and Lieu
tenant Parker, the lattt-rs aid, left the
Dolphin promptly at noon, the Texas and
Dolphin nriiiK Ji salute of seventeen guns.
Meanwhile tne band played "Borinquen."
the Porto Rican national air, and the
steamers lying in the harbor kept up a
continuous whistling until the launch
reached the landing.
Mr. Allen ran quickly up the steps and
the families of General Davis and the new
Civil Governor were introduced to each
other.
A crowd of 5000 looked on, but was kept
at a distance. The police and troops
marched past at port arms, Mr. Allen
dotting his hut. He then entered the car
riage that was in waiting and drove to
the executive mansion, preceded by troops
and followed by squads of police. He con
stantly raised his hat to the throng that
lined the sidewalks.
Mr. Allen took breakfast with General
Davis and with his family will remain
as the guest of General Davis Indefinitely.
He landed in an ordinary costume, straw
hat, blue coat and duck" trousers, and a
wave of exclamations followed the car
riage.
"It cannot be the Governor, said one.
"That's not the new Governor, saiu
another. , , ?
"Not that man in the straw hat, surelj ,
said another. , ,
The simplicity of the costume and of
the general details of the reception took
Porto Rico by surprise, and the citizens
could scarcely realize that they looked
upon the new Governor. Mr. Allen is the
first Governor of Porto Rico to arrive In
anything less conspicuous than a gorgeous
uniform covered, with gold lace and simi
lar trappings.
Few representative citizens were present
at the landing, the throng being composed
largely of middle class people. Nor was
there 'any attempt to decorate the build
ings, and generally the reception was no
tably unenthusiastic. One Porto Rican
explained the lack of popular demenstra
tivenoss by saying that the people were
dissatisfied to find that the civil govern
ment would not actually be in full force
on May 1, as they had hoped.
In the course of a brief Interview Mr.
Allen contradicted the report that he
would return to the United States alter a
conference with General Davis. He de
sires to settle the details of the new re
gime as soon as possible and will remain
here conferring with General Davis pend
ing the arrival of the new appointees.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SAT.UKDAY, APRIL 28, 1900
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦in PI aTPC E^ScT&Efll
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street, S. F.
HOURP. S to 8; SUNDAYS, 10 to \.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
Let the big |
store make |!
an estimate jj
on your jj
Alaskan outfit. |
food, clothing 1
and utensils. |
Everything |
- under one roof* 1
Goods properly |
; packed and del- 1
ivered on time. §
L P ™ Goldcnßale lluur. **JS
T) o 1 o /%£v The covered passagf*-
JL ClldL'fc/ w * v connecting these
two immense struc-
— —^^^^— -— tures places under
- one management IU»
QYirl rooms. 9<O of which
CHI II have bath 3 attached
Tourists and travel-
, crs from every section
r* 1 of the world recognize
Grand anrt appreciate the
\AL ailU - comforts and convenU
¦ ences offered by these
hotels. • •
TJ«i. A ]- American plan. Ku-
JtlOtGlS ropean plan. -
2Text not availableText not availableThe San Francicco Kennel
Club is almost ready for • its
great Bench Show. Next Sun- •
day's Call will show you some
splendid photographs Oj! some
splendid dogs, all candidates •¦
for ribbons.
Caledonian Club's Celebration.
The games committee of the Caledonian
Club is exerting every effort to make the
annual celebration of the club, which will
be held at Shell Mound Park on May 30,
one of the largest, and most Interesting
gatherings in Its history. The programme
will comprise special events for both pro
fessionals and amateurs, and a large
amount of money will be distributed in
prizes. . _ . i'^v:--?:
TRAP-SHOOTING NOTES.
There will be comparative quiet to-mor
row at the grounds of the San Francisco
Trap Shooting Association. Ingleslde.
None of the clubs have events scheduled
and all the well known shotpun experts
are attending the Jtreat bluerock shoot
of. the Inanimate Target Association, at
Fresno. ¦
Next week the scene will again change,
tbe State tournament at live pigeons be
ing held at Ingleslde, on Friday. Saturday
and Sunday. Birds will be provided on
Thursday for practice shooting.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & COS FAIR OFFER :
rATIENTS MAY I>KPOSTT THE
price of a cur* Jn any San Francisco
hank, to b» paid only arter they ar«
well, or may pay in monthly Install-
ments. Prices reasonable. No ether
doctors will make such an offer. j!
I They Cure the Following Ailments : m
Private Diseases I-ost Manhood *j
Varlcocele Nervous Debility jjj
Hydroee'e Less of Memory tk
Ktadder Diseases Wasting Drains M
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness la
Pr>in«» Diseases mood Poison M
Rupture Despondency t%
Advice and Consultation Fres. j|
Merlicinsß Fres to Patients, a
SP2ClALl3TB— E»t»blijaed nsaily S3 jttrt. M
73/ MARKET ST., 3. F. Q
Take Elevator to Third Floor. M
f Dally. S to 5. H
HOURS: -{^Evenings, 7 to S. ti
I Sundays, 9 to 1L Ej
OUT TO-DAY !!
Wright & Ditson's j|f
OFFICIAL /jtf*n\
LA WN ©->^N$
TENNIS Al
Priw by n»U /^f ffj-| JET /if/
/O tent*. VJT «L/ I L-* i— I; A£
Ranking: of Players. Cham- jrf^^^V.
plonshtps and open Tourna- ff •$«
merits throughout th<> t'nlt»«l ft^lwi^J®
Stat»* and Canada, Photo- jA /~^y-2a
irraph.* of the Champions, "SW^-xg*??
Rules of the Game and Let- Xiwiffv'
tera ot Interest. -^
WRIGHT & DITSON, OOST .? 1 5« 9 .
For Sale by All Dealers In Athletic Goods.
Pigeon Shooting. [1™ nir,^
D.ROBERTS, tTllll UlliUo
dSTS" "v^ltdl I -1" -tract to fur-
Dressed Poultry and;n!sh. for 2or 5 years.
Game. j an >" *nd all clubs. Llv*
504 FTOII6 OC- I price per .Hsu
PETS OF DCG FANCIERS
THE officials of San Francisco
Kennel Club are delighted
with the prospects for the
success of their fourth annual
show, which opens in Mechanics"
Pavilion on Wednesday next. The
entry is both large and representa
tive, and the exhibition is expected
to attract a large number of spec
tators.
WILL DECIDE
THE BASEBALL
CHAMPIONSHIP
University of California to
Pyioet Stanford To-Day at
San Jose-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 27.—
The Jlnal baseball game between the* rival
colleges and which will decide the series
will be played in San Jose to-morrow. To
the winner of this contest go the Honors
of the intercollegiate baseball champion
ship for the season. The University of
California team won the first match on
the Berkeley campus, on April 7. by a
score of 10 to 8. The following Saturday
the Stanford boys evened up the account
by taking the game played on their own
campus by a score of 10 to 7. The car
dinal team surprised all by developing a
remarkable strength in batting and base
running, while the work of Lanagan in
the box was above the average. Twelve
men were fanned out, only three allowed
a base on balls, and but seven hits nere
made off him.
In to-morrow's contest the Stanford
battery should do equally as effective
work, while their support will undoubted
ly be stronger. Captain Strohm has
traded his place at third base with Brown,
who played second in the last game. This
puts both of the men in their accustomed
places, and will do much to strengthen
the infield. Havens at iirst has shown
improvement and can be depended upon
to cover his ground well. Cowden will
be seen In left field, and with Murphy
arid Symonds ought to accept every
chance offered. .Coach Murphy considers
that his men go' into the match to-mor
row in the best condition they have at
tained during the season, and predicts
success for the cardinal if the men
hold together at critical points.
A special train leaving the Stanford
campus at 1:15 p. m. will take a large
crowd of rooters down to witness the
match. ' ' ,„ '
The Stanford men will line up as fol
lows: ,
Loughead, c; Edwards,, ss.; Strohm,
2b.; Havens, lb.: Cowden, If.; Symonds,
rf.; Brown. 3b.; Lanasan; p.; Murphy, cf.
The University of Nevada and Stanford
track teams will meet on the Stanford
oval on May 5. With the exception of
the mile walk all the ordinary events "will
be run off. Stanford will enter two men
in each event, and only first and second
places will count. : j '* '- ¦
DOC SHOW JOTTINGS.
The bench show committee of the San
Frari<-i<co Kennel Club is resting; tempo
rarily from Its labors. The entries have
been classified and the catalogue is in the
hand? of the printer. The sub-committee
on the Pavilion has reported that the big
buildinp will be In complete readine?s on
the opening morning, next Wednesday. An
entirely new arrangement of the kennels
has bf-Vn planned the effct of which will
be to Rive the dogs ot the smaller breeds
a more conspicuous position than thty
have enjoyed at previous shows. That
norhir.pr may be left undone to secure the
pi* -i^ure and satisfaction of the exhiblt
< rs tbe vc-teran secretary, Harry Carlton.
has been induced to r-merge from" his
'¦cur.try rctrt-at In order to jdve. the club
the benefit of his expeiier.ee and executive
ability.
The display of special prizes has never
,been eguaU-d west of Chicago and is an
eloquent testimonial to the energy and
popularity of the comrr.ll tee.
A scrutiny of the lint of <ntriep discloses
a. remarkable falling off in St. Bernards,
and as remarka'ile an ir.rrejise in cocker
ppaniels. Almost every other breed shows
an augmentation of numbers. A feature
<-,i the show will be the numerous fox ter
riors that have been brouprht out from the
Kast, among them btinj; N. H. Milkman's
Warren Sceptic, Wnrn-n Supple ar.d Klm
¦wood Vassar, and George Bell's Mast and
Cigarette. The Spokane Kennels have en
tered a couple of Boston terriers that will
probably make short work of the local
doss' chances of winning. Two entries of
ihis hi- on had to be refused by the oJli
oialP of the club, as the dogs had been
mutilated.
Charles N>wman will exhibit hi? hand
cone and clever trick doK. the thorough
lirfd St. Bernard. Golden Lion. It is likely
ihHt that sagacious boast will carry off
the b!ue ribbon of his class, as he is very
clever.
SPORTS
±iJU sajn li(Ai\ui»OO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28. 1900.
The many requests from youns men who
have recently left the service of the Unit-
ed States, asklnir for positions In con-
nection with the Korean army, are futile.
There Is no demand for their services in
Korea.
Clever Boxers Matched.
OAKLAND. April 27.— William Martin
and Charles Johnson, the two men who
put up an excellent boxing contest at the
Reliance • Club recently, have - been
matched by Superintendent Gross for an
other bout on the evening of May 11. i n
the last fight Martin won by a lucky blow
delivered at random In a hot rally.
Crusade Against Gamblers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, April 27.— Another effort
is to be made to rout the Sacramento
gamblers who have been making: their
headquarters in Yolo County. A. Ross
will be tried before Justice Gill In* Wash
ington to-morrow evening on a charge of
riaalinor farn *
Millions for Baseball.
¦ A million of dollars are spent every year upon
the game of baseball, but large as this sum Is,
It ' cannot - begin' to equal the amount SDent by
people In search of health. There Is a sure
method of obtaining strength, and it is not a
costly one. We urge those who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters. . It strengthens the stomach, makes
digestion easy and natural, and cures dyspep
sia, constipation, biliousness and weak kid-
HANDBALL MATCHES.
The customary weekly handball con
tests will be held to-morrow at Phil Ry
an's handball courts. The teams which
will meet are as follows:
J Condon and T. I»each vn. A. McVicker and
G Smith; H. J. Refers and E. J. Murphy vs.
R Lomsabach, and W. \Valnh; W. Fisher and
B Hausman ¦ vs. P. Ryan and M. Basch;- D.
Reean and J. Klrby v». M. Klrby and .E.
Barry. G. McDonald and M. McDonald vs. i>.
Carral'ne and P. McKlnnon; W. Maguire and R.
Murphy vs. E. Curley and E. Toy; Al. Dillon
and V. Hutehlnson vs. P. Kelly and G. Hutch-
Inson; W. H. SJeberst and J. J. Canavnn vs.
G B Hay ward and W. H. Kedlan: A. Hamp
ton and J. White vs. M. J. Kilgallon and R.
Linehan. V. ':,,?>>
MAY BE MURDER.
Adolph Spitzel Found Dead and Foul
Play Suspected.
ST. LOUIS. April 27.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Hot Springs, Ark.,
says that Adolph Spitzel. known In all
sporting centers of America, died there
nt noon to-day from concussion of the
brain and it is believed he was murdered.
He was found lying on the steps of a re
sort with blood flowing from his mouth,
nose and cars. A rock was near Spitzel's
head when found. The money and jew
elry of the dying man were untouched.
Spitzel came from New Orleans several
weeks ago.
HOMING PIGEONS TO RACE.
The reason of pigeon flying for I 1*"*)I 1 *"*) will
be formally opened on May 1 by the Pa
cific Pigccn Club. The occasion will be
a 100-mile race for old birds irom Marys
villc. They wili' be liberated by H. D.
King at 7 a. m. if the weather is clear.
The birds have been in training since the
shocting seafon closed, and many fast
training flies have beer, made from Inter
mediate stations. The members who have
entered are the following: A. Lernhart,
Crnt^rville. Cal.. 16 birds: George
Mattheis, Alameda. Cal.. 3: George H.
Lubben. Alameda. Cal.. 10; John G. Lub
bon. Alameda. Cal.. 12: Dr. T. Carpenter.
Alameda. Cal.. 15: John Mole East Oak
land Cal.. 11; A. Mclntyro, Oakland, Cal..
9: T. R. Quayle Oakland, Cal.. 9; B. T.
Mcßaln, Oakland, Cal.. 14.
Extraordinary qualities ere possessed
by the River Tlnto. in Spain. It hardens
and i>otrin>s the sand of its bed. and if a
stone falls into the stream and alights
ujvn utother In a few months they unit*
and become one stone. Fish cannot live
in its waters.
SWIMMERS AND DIVERS.
The entries for the diving and swim
ming contests of Sutro Baths to-morrow
afternoon are as follows:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— A. Walker. O.
White, "L. Hanson, C. Chllds. O. Lowenthal,
M Carmody. F. Cloujrh, G. Kelber. O. Lowen
be'rjr. C Shilling, P. Sunburst. 11. Lelcken. W.
Wollbeck, K. Kipp. 100-yard race, amateurs—
II Licon. G. Tußon. M. Bo»?en, W. Wallace, K.
L Haywards. W. Smith. K. Laird, H. Seebach,
C. Carlton. C. Lundln, F. Terry. W. Harring
ton W. Wilson. E. Bell. R. Dahl. J. O'Brien,
H 'Freeman, F. Carroll, T. Thompnon. Tub
race— W. McCormick. E. Kipp. L. Davig. P.
rteilly, J. O'Brien, G. Kelber, F. Tyson. E.
Jacobs, E. Wells. L. Doud. A. Badaln, F.
Eames, E. Lleboldt. Trick and fancy spring
board diving— E. Epperson, L.. Hansbero, c.
Cathcart J. Hanton. R. Cordell. F. Eames, R.
Ridln 6. MUr.er, E. Davis, W. Summer, L.
Bodle!
AMONG THE GOLF PLAYERS
During the summer months the Pre
sidio golf links will be the scene of many
friendly matches, but no scheduled tour
nament will take place there. The golfers
will ho found on the links at Burlingame,
Menlo Park, the Hotel del Monte, Santa
Cataltaa and other resorts. Many of the
well known Presidio players, such as E.
J. McCutchen. C. P. Pomeroy. C. P. Eells
and Miss Alice C. Hoffman, will play on
the San Rafael links. The directors of the
Sar. Rafael Golf Club have been waiting
for the weather to become settled before
preparing a schedule, but it is not un
likely that the season may be opened next
Saturday.
The San Rafael links have recently been
visited by John Lawson and oilier mem
bers of the San Francisco Golf Club, who
have expressed themselves as being much
pleased with the course. Recently John
Lawson played 27 holes against George
Smith, the new professional at San Ra
fael. George Smith has as many pupils
as he can well take care of. He is spoken
uf as an excellent instructor, even better
than his brother, W. B. Smith, the open
champion of the United States. The lat
tc-r pays more- attention to keeping up his
own game than to teaching. During the
past week there have been many visitors
from San Francisco and Oakland at the
San Rafael links.
Golfers will soon be able to pursue the
"gulty" in the Santa Ana Valley, James
Irvine of the San Joaquin ranch having
given to the Santiago Golf Club permis
sion to use as much land as may be re
quired for links in the foothills between
El Mod^na and the County Park. The
club has accepted the offer and the links
will soon be ready. Henry Baechtel of
the San Joaquin ranch, secretary of the
club, and Henri Gardner of Orange, the
committee appointed to select and lay rtut
the grounds, visited them in company
with H. W. Grindley, instructor anil
preenkeeper of the Los Angelees Country
Club, and settled on the jilaces for teeing
grounds and putting greens. The first
drive will be from the top of a small
rounded hill which commands a view of
the whole course. On this knoll a hand
rome clubhouse with broad verandas will
be built.
Recently oi the Morris County links
William Shippen. during a tournament,
drove a ball into an apple tree, where It
lodged firmly between two twigs more
than fifty feet above the ground. It was
dislodged by throwing sticks at it. and one
stroke being counted for the descent of
tho ball from the tree the game was con
tinued.
The course of the Belmnnt Golf Club,
which was laid out by D. Stephenson. will
be formally opened to-day with a break
fast, a dance and a tournament. Guests
will leave the city by the 9 o'clock train
from Third md Townsend streets, and on
arriving at Belmont will be driven to the
linkr- At noon there will be a luncheon,
which will be followed by a dance at
Rp'Ts School. Con.mittefs on reception.
<lec»-ation, refr«shrr>ents and invitatirns
have been appointed. H. Kruttschnitt be
ing th'i general chairman.
TENNIS CRACKS ON EDGE.
This is the season when the tennis en
thusiasts swing their rackets and prepare
for the big tournaments of the summer.
At the California Club courts the players
are slowly working into form for the
championship event of the year. To-mor
row afternoon the first big class tourna
ment will be held on the club courts.
All the active members will be entered
in the tournament, which will be a class
affair. Tho racket wielders will bs divided
Into four classes, the winners of each to
play off for honors and the prizes. In
the* first class will be George Whitney
and Robert N. Whitney. George, the
usual victor in the brother-against
brother matches, will find a hard game
when he meets "Bob" this time, for the
latter has had considerable practice dur
ing the last four weeks. In the second
class will be Root, Bliven, Crowell, Col
lier and Harry Welhe. On present form
Weihe looks to be the winner of his class
In the third class Werner Stauf, Drum
monil McGavln, Harry Halght. Merle
Johnson and J. A. Code will compete for
honors. All these men play about the
same standard of game, and the battle
for first place will be a hot one. Entered
in the fourth clnss v.-11l be Duval Moore.
Paul Jones, Arthur Watson. H. Duprcy
and Harry Kuehn. Fair handicaps have
been fixed between classes.
Another tournament is in process of
formation. If the Ist of May is declared
a legal holiday there will be either an
impromptu singles or doubles tournament
on the California Club courts. During
the week there have been many exciting
practice matches and the interest in the
game has always been at high pitch.
Judge Hunt and Judge Troutt have been
active participants In specially arranged
matches and there Is great rivalry be
tween them for tennis honors.
The intercollegiate tennis tournament
la«t Saturday developed but a slnele sur
prise—the defeat of Braley. the California
nlayer who distinguished himself last
September at Del Monte. He gives as an
excu«a too much baseball ana too Httlo
tennis. '
Battle Between Mongolians.
SANTA CRUZ, April 27.— Yesterday on
W. H. Albright's place, near Watsonvllle.
fourteen Chinamen and three Japanese
had a pitched battle, during which one of
the latter had his skull fractured by a
piece of wood. One Chinaman was ar
rested and the officers are looking for
the others suspected.
Whales Off Monterey.
MONTEREY, April 27.— A school of
over ICO whales Is now in Monterey Bay
and very near shore, presenting one of
the most wonderful sights ever seen here
abouts. Fishermen say that the caust
of this visitation Is that the very high
winds of the past three days have driven
sardines, on which whales feed chiefly,
in Immense numbers inside the harbor,
and the whales have followed their prey.
Old whalers are authority for the state
ment that so great a number of whiles
at one time have not been seen here
about for over thirty years.
CALIFORNIA'S
TRACK TEAM
STARTS EAST
Captain Drum Says the Men
Are in Excellent Condition
for Battle.
BERKELEY, April 27.— The track team
of the Unlversltv of California left on
this evening's train for the East, via Og
den. At the station there were several
hundred students to say farewell. There
was a rally without speeches. It being
more in the nature of a friendly fare
well than a college ilemonslraiion.
As tne ten memui'rs of tiie team board
ed the local train tne university yell was
i yen and college songs sung. i.lany of
ti.« stuuents accompanied the team tv the
Sixteenth-street station, where another
farewell was given.
All or the men are in splendid condition
and ready to baale for tneir alma mater.
Each nan feels confident of winning
points tor his team in the dual meets
with tho Eastern colleges. At any rate,
every man will do his best to sustain the
reputation of California's athletes for
gentlemanly conduct and spirit. Captain
Drum expressed himselr as pleased with
the condition of his men, and believes a
number of surprises will be given the
Kastern colleges. The team feels the less
of Ben BaKewell, who was taken sud
denly ill. but puts its faith in T. Hamlin
for the hurdles. K. R. Service was taKen
with the team the last minute, funds
having boen raised by means of private
subscription. Service has trained con
sistently during the season and Is a very
valuable man. He is an all-around ath
lete, and does the mile, half-mile and
broad jump. He will probably act as al
ternate with Woolsey in the half-mile and
Moser In the mile runs. Manager Ezra
Decoto and Trainer George Hufferdine
accompanied the team.
WILL TEST THE
POWERS OF A
DOG OF NOTE
Match Between E. Geary's
Greyhound Paio Alto and
Curtis' Beacon.
The management of Union Coursing
Park has arranged a match for to-morrow
afternoon which is unusually attractive in
the eyes of the leashmen. Eugene Geary's
young dog Palto Alto, a son of Emm
Pasha, Is to measure strides with Curtis
& Son's blue dog Beacon. If these are not
tho fastest greyhounds on the coast few
men would care to name a brace to beat
thorn. They will run their first course
before the intermission for luncheon to
morrow. Beacon Is expected to be a slight
favorite, as he has had more experience
than Palo Alto.
The stake for this week was closed with
120 entries. Coursing will commence to
day upon the arrival of the 11 o'clock
train. Luxor, Chicago Boy, Flora Mc-
Donald. Thornhlll, Lavender. Cavalier, St.
Anthony. Brutus. Vulcan, Rock Island
King. Kid McCoy, Crawford Lad, Lottie
M, St. Oran: Ireland. Hot Haste. Flying
Fox, Warship, Royal Anne and other
greyhounds of note are entered.
The six dogs imported by J. H. Rosseter
will be sold at auction to-morrow during
the noon intermission. It is expected there
will be some lively bidding for them, as
they are all good representatives of the
best winning strains In England.
A ninety-six dog ptake for non-winners
is the card for ingleside. The entry is
unusually high class, as many good dogrs
run well into a stake without being able
to win either first or second money.
Coursing will begin to-day at 12 o'cl.ock
and to-morrow at 10:30.
James Lawlor's imported dog Fetter
Free will never be seen in competition
here. The injury to bis leg. which he
broke on Monday in a private trial with
J. O'Phea's Golden Rule, precludes the
possibility of fitting him for a stake. He
will be retired to the stud, and should
prove a valuable acquisition to the breed
ing interests, lie showed himself a fast
dog and unusually game. He finished his
cyur.-e with Golden Rule on three leijs
an.l killed the hare.
The imported dog.- Overture and Temple
indulged in a little mix-up on Thursday,
from which both emerged the worse for
th»ir encounter. Temple was severely
bitten, the Irish do? escaping with some
minor wounds. James Sweeney, the
trainer, was severely bitten about the
wrist in trying to separate his fighting
charges.
R. K. Malcolm's English dog Fine Fire
will not go to the slips again until he is
pronounced in condition. His trial with
and defeat of For Glory last Sunday in
oicates that he will be among the first
flight when he rounds into form. .
A. C. Lighthall of Denver lost a valuable
greyhound at the Pasha Kennels some
days since. She arrived in bad condition
and died of exhaustion. She was sent to
be bred to Hmln Pasha. Mr. I.igrhthall
was particularly unfortunate with hin
greyhound. He sent her to England to be
mated with the great Fullerton. The lat
ter died abo-.it the time she reached there.
She was bred to another Hngllsh dog. but
there was no issue. She was next bred
to Hughle, and all three puppies are down
with distemper and are not expected to
recover. •
Frank McComb"? Miss Skyrocket has
been mated with Aeneid Kennels' Pre
tender.
The San Jose Cnurslns: Club officials
have announced the reopening of their
park to-morrow. If patronage warrants
the sport will be promoted all summer.
TROUT STREAMS
YIELD A FAIR
MEED OF FISH
No Anglers Returned Last Sat
urday With Empty Creels
From Near-by Pools.
All the anglers who fished the trout
streams easily accessible from tlils city
last Sunday secured fair returns for their
efforts. The majority had from eight to
ten fish In their creels. The conditions this
week are more favorable for fishing and
better sport Is promised.
Reports from the Truckee are to the
effect that trout are -taking the fly all
along the river. No big catches have been
reported except In the vicinity of Verdi.
The run of spawn fish at the Shovel
Creek station on Klarr.ath River has
ceased. The total take was over 600.000
eggs, the best results In three years. The
run of spawn fish at Truckee has been
light during the past ten days. The sea
son will clcse on May 1 with a total take
of 550,000 eggs. At Lake Tahoe station
spawn fish are still numerous. The total
take of eggs at two stations will be 3.000.
<XK). The Wawona hatchery on th» south
fork of Merced River in Yosemite Nation
al Park Is In operation, eggs having been
shipped there from Shovel Creek and Ta
hoe stations. The fish hatched at this sta
tion will f>e planted in the lakes and
streams of the Yosemite.
Fish Commissioners Vogelsang and
Gould visited the United States salmon
hatchery at Baird on the McCloud last
week. While on the ground they fished
two evenings, securing 3ume tine speci
mens of trout. i_ -
A. S Caiman, George Morse. Edward
Everett and Walter Carr postponed their
.projected trip to the McCioud until next
week. It is expected weather conditions
will be more settled by that time and that
there will be a corresponding improvement
in the sport. They expect to make their
headquarters at Raymond's cabin. If
they decide to do so they will go in over
the Salt Creek trail and will not touch at
Baird.
The rain of last week was heavy on the
I'ppf-r Sacramento River and the water
was greatly discolored Saturday and Sun
day, preventing the use of the fly. If
weather conditions permit A. L. Coombs
and wife and Bert Noyes and wife will
test the fly fishing to-day and to-morrow
in the Sacramento near Sims.
Charles S. Wheeler and wife went to
their beautiful summer home on the Mc-
Cloud last Wednesday week, returning to
this city last Monday. They enjoyed the
novelty of a heavy snowstorm while on
the river. After the storm the weather
changed to warmer and Mr. Wheeler se
cured some fine fish with a fly. A num
ber of house parties are being arranged
for the season and much pleasure Is ex
pected from them.
Charles Huyck and F. M. Haight fished
Olema Creek lnst Sunday. They secured
ten trout, the largest being eleven Inches
in length.
Charles Precht secured nine trout at
Point Reyes, while Messrs. Daverkosen
and Turner secured between them twenty
at -Paner Mill. , ,
Frank Dolllver landed a 7V4-pound steel
head at Point Reyes.
Horace Smyth, secretary of the San
Francisco Fly-casting Club, who has spent
the winter on the Mediterranean Is ex
pected in Philadelphia on May 12. He will
leave there almost Immediately for this
citi-. being due here on May 20.
From Santa Cruz and Monterey come
reports to the effect that salmon fishing
was unusually good early this week. As
high as 100 were killed last Sunday. the
fish running from twenty to forty pounds.
Striped bass have been seen In numbers
Jn Oakland estuary, but few of them have
been caught.
A well-known fisherman sends the fol
lowing communication with the additional
comment that all the statements can be
substantiated, and are of Interest to
sportsmen. He writes:
' Xotlnir In one of th» daily papers of Satur
day last that the flshlnjr In Purisslma Creek
promised to be unusually rood this season
I des're to correct such delusion. The flsh
are unusually small this ye«r and the catch
on April 1 lwh»n all conditions were favor
able) I am told averaged only about 25 per
cent of that of lajt yfar. On one occasion
I saw an Individual (whose Identity I was
unable to learn, but who probably flattered
himself with the belief that h» was a gen
tlf>m?n and a sportsman) catch in a few
minutes six minnows, not one of which was
ovrr three and a half Inches In lensrth. I
did not see h!m rr «ny one else catch a fls'n
of re?p<* c tnble *ize and the baskets obtained
' wer« *mall. Twenty-five thousand trout
were planted In tha stream during the last
frii.cn and It Is probable the sport will be
- fairly rood In another year. At present the
true sportsman will return tf» the stream at
least 50 per cent of his catch in the Purls
slma.
Colonel Kelihor Is still at Baird and re
ports a few fish every day.
SCULLERS ARE
TRAINING FOR
OLYMPIC DAY
Much Interest Shown in the
Skiff Race Between Baker
and Adderley.
The junior barge crew of the Alameda
Boating Club is practicing regularly, and
the club will also have a representative
In the junior outrigged skiff race on
Olympic day at Belvedere. The moonlight
parade was so successful that the direct
ors have received many requests for a
repetition on a somewhat larger and more
elaborate scale: W. B. Hlnchman. John
A. Hammersmith. Theodore Elsfeldt. J. 11.
Timmons and E. M. Hunter have been ap
pointed a committee to arrange for the
decoration and Illumination of the boats
and the clubhouse and for the entertain
ment to be given after the parade. Stroke
Lewis of the junior barge crew thinks he
has discovered the secret of the "Spi
ders' " success, and is trying to form a
style of rowing npon his discovery, the
result being that he gives a great "hoick"
at the end of his stroke and rushes for
ward. In fact, he has exaggerated the
least desirable elements of an ugly style
not understanding that tho "Spiaers" win
their races In spite of these and other
faults, not because of them.
The ArJpls :ire displaying much activ
ity and enthusiasm in aquatic matter?,
having three junior barge crews, some
outrigged nkiff men and a water polo
team. AH are practicing frequently and
are expected to render a good account of
tnemselves. The water polo team contains
several fine, swimmers, including as it
does. A. Taylor. E. Sternberg. H. Foley.
W. Harris, G. Smith. H. Geddes and
Smithson. Brewer may join the Ariel*,
and If he does will play in the water polo
team. The Ariel team was beaten by the
Olympics recently, but Cavlll played for
the winged "O" on that occasion. Charles
Wilson will pull in the junior outrigged
skiff race at Tiburon. and James O'Con
nell and William Howe are also practic
ing in the skiffa. The veteran Leander
Stevenson has returned from the country
and i.s givirer the Arlels the benefit of his
coaching. The intermediate bars> crew
will consist r.f Charles Wilson t>ow; E. C
Peters. No. 2: Frank Loth. No. 3. and E.
J. Lynch, stroke. It is expected that Wil
liam McCausland will take up shell-row
ing, for which his neatness and light
weight fit him. James Wilson and E.
Sternberg will also pull In the senior shell
event at the first open regatta.
The South Ends have been so much de
voted to handball that they have made
little preparation for the rowing season,
though every Sunday there is a good at
tendance at the boathcuse. Dr. C. C.
Dennis hopes to arrange a race between
the cutter crews of the California Naval
Reserve and of the naval battalion at
Portland and to make it one of the at
tractions at the Astoria regatta. T. F.
Bonnet has resigned from the South Ends.
Among those seen frequently at the club
house are J. Pallas, W. Thomas. Tom
Lynch. Ed Scully. M. J. Breen. Al Hamp
ton and Judge Al Fritz.
The City and County Attorney having
expressed the opinion that the Supervisors
have no powe*r to gTant a site on the water
front for a bouthouse. the Tihuron Boat-
Ing Club will have to seek another loca
tion. A site has been offered to the north
of Larkin street by the Luning e«tat«\ and
hlds for the removal of the boathcuse
from Its present location will be adver
tised for. The n?« location is near the
Dolphin bcathouse and affords tine oppor
tunities for bathing. Stanley Adderley and
George Baker v.-11l row a match in out
rigged skiffs on Olympic day. Both have
their adherents. Baker won fhe Dolphin
Club gold medal and has an extraordinary
long reach. He has been practicing as
slduously and can spurt at a great rate of
gDeed. Adderley won the Junior champion
whin handllv nnd is stronz
YACHTSMEN TO
OPEN SEASON
AT BELVEDERE
The Caiifornias Will Entertain
Members at Clubhouse on
Oakland Creek.
The Corinthian and the California
yacht club.s will formally open the s<iason
of 1900 to-day, the former at Tiburon and
the latter on Oakland Creek. The Corin
thians will have a lauics' reception at the
clubhouse in the afternoon, at which the
yachtsmen will bo present attired In spot
less white duck and their best caps. Ther*
will be mu.>»ic and dancing. Boats leave
the city for Tiburon at 12:55, 1:50, 3:30. 5:10
and 6:30 p. m. After the ladies have re
turned to the city by the boat leaving
Tiburon at 5:35 p. m. the yachtsmen will
<3off their natty suits and garb themselves
in old salt-stained raiment. At 7 o'clock
beans, clam chowder ;ind other refresh
ments will be served and after the repast
will come the entertainment, which will
b* of a specially elaborate kind. In order
to celebrate the opening of the enlarge'!
clubhouse. J. V. O'Brien has charge of
the jinks, in which all of the Corinthian
"talent " will take part, among the per
formers being R. R Mitchell. George
Ryan. J. Cathcart. IV. Hynes. O. Franks
Ben Tarbox. K. Dolph. H. Estee. E. F.
Sapar. J. H. Nounan, H. Patton. H. \MI
liams. William Hallett. William Finnic.
D. Finnic, W. H. Westerfeld and Signor
AbramofT. The stage and hall are lighted
with electricity and many more spectators
can be accommodated in the old clubroom.
Th<? general ?upervl?ion of the day's en
tertainment will be in the hands of the
commodore and the directors. The after
noon reception committee consists of t,.
S. Emmons. \\*. H. Crowell. S. M. Crim.
J. A. Laven^aler and J. M. Mattoon. The
committee in charge of the jinks Is made
up at J. V. O'Brien, W. F. Dixie, E. F.
Sagar and W. H. Crowell.
Several San Francisco yachtsmen Trill
cruise over from Sausalito to enjoy the
hospitality of the Corinthians, and some
cf the members of the Oakland Canoe
Club will also visit Tiburon. Among the
latter will be Charles Stewart of the sloop
Beatrice. To-morrow morning colors will
be run up at S o'clock. At 10 o'clock own
ers will report on board the flagship May
and at 11 o'clock the Corinthian fleet, ac
companied by the visiting yachts, will
cruise In squadron.
The California Yacht Club will also open
the season to-day at Its quarters on the
c-»-<°k. The pun for "colors" will be fired
: • - o'clock this morning as a signal to
the yachtsmen to dress ship. The bunt
t&X will remnin flying throughout the day
nnffl "colors" at sundown. In the evening
tin entertainment for members and in
v}:*>d guests only will be sriven In the club
house, beginrlnsr at S o'clock. Boats for
The conveyance of guests across the creek
¦will ply frequently from 7:30 to H:3O p. m.
between the city wharf at the end of
Franklin street ar.d the clubhouse landing
Ftage. No one without a card, unless he
is vouched for a? a member, will be ad
mltted to the ferry boats or clubhouse.
To-morrow the opening cruise of the sea
son will be made, the start being prompt
ly at 11 n. m. As soon as the fleet reaches
the open bay sisnals set on the flagship
Kmbla will "designate the course. Com
modore E. N. Walter earnestly requests
that all the yachts In commission will
join th«* cruise and will start promptly.
The South Bay Yacht Club opened the
f=*»ason last Sunday, a crui«e as far as
Dumbarton Point being taken under com
mand of Commodore A. C. Eaton, whoso
f.acrshlp is the sloop Feu Follet. formerly
owned by H. H. Gortrr of th<» Corinthian
Yacht Club. There are nearly twenty
craft In the South Bay fleet. After the
cruise tho yachts came to anchor at th^
drawbridge, where a clarr.bnke was given.
Another well-known Corinthian yacht in
cluded In the South Bay Club la th<» slonp
dsne. formerly owned by H. L. Read of
the New Zealand Insurance Company and
sailed by AY. E. Lintrard and C. ML Mlall.
Read is at Coolgardie. Lir.gard at Daw
jrn and Mlall. after p ptav in Dawson,
•was la?=t heard of in Ecuador.
The fourth Issue of the Yacht, edited by
Tt. R. I'HonniPdieu, Ss out. It contain?
half-tone -portraits of Commodore H. D.
Hawks. \\rf Commodore K. F. Sagar.
Secretary T. L. Mill* r and Director W. S.
Grover of the Corinthians: also of Com
moricre \V. N*. McCarthy and Vice Com
modore H. R. Simpkins of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club.
SENATORS AND
OAKLAND WILL
CROSS STICKS
Standing of the Various
Teams of the League
Up to Date.
The race for the pennant in the Cali
fornia Baseball League has started most
auspiciously and the indications are that
the struggle this season will be a hot one.
The attendance at the games in all the
league towns has greatly increased and it
is evident that the lovers of the sport are
out in force. It was fortunate for the
league that the national agreement was
ignored this year. Last year the Califor
nia League was under so-called national
protection, but experience has proved that
it meant protection to the National League
and not protection to the California or
ganization. By being a party to the agree
ment attention was drawn to the players
and efforts were made to get them away
from the coast. If the California mag
nates sought protection again this sea
son they could not hope to retain sucn
men as Hughes, Doyle, Iburg, Babbitt,
Francks. Loughead, Mcllale and a few
others.
It appears singular that, although Jay
Hughes the acknowledged premier pitch
er of the United States, is the star twirler
of the Sacramento team and that ag
gregation has been greatly strength
ened, it is at the tail end of the league
procession. The Sarramentans have been
playing good ball, but they have lost us
many games as the Stocktons have won
and the farmers of the Slough City have
lost only three of the eight games played.
The standing of the teams to date is as
follows:
The Sacramentans and Oaklands are
scheduled for this week's series on the
local diamond. Jay Hughes will appear In
each of the three games and will do the
twirling on Sunday afternoon. Drennan,
who was late In joining the Oakland team,
will make his first local appearance in a
dude uniform.
The line-up for to-day is as follows:
Pacram«»nto. Position. Oakland.
Stanley Catcher Hammond
Salisbury C.Pitcher Rtf-flam
Uanlon First base Hut^hlnson
Ptultz Sorond ba->e Francka
IWfrenux Thlnl baj=e I-anjre
Kacan ShnrtFt^p Schmeer
McLai'chlin I^eft fl>!<l Mopklmnn
Shanahan Center field Drennan
Hughes rtlßht field Dunleavy
Steffanl is rounding Into form and the
Dudes think he will soon develop into one
of the crack Ditchers of the league. Last
Saturday at Sacramento the Senators se
cured but three hits off Stcftani's deliv
ery. On Sunday Bovills developed signs
of'norvousness. starting with a wild arm,
but settling down later In the game.
Hutchlnson. the Oakland captain, is
hard at his team for daily practice.
> A Wonderful Medidnc.
l® 3®3 ® P3LLS
\ For BHleus and Nervous Disorders, strch M
t and Pain In the S:o:n«ch. Sick Headache,
c Giddiness, Fulness and Suellint after meals,
r Dizziness and Droasiness., Cold Chills, Flusi-
J ir.gs of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of
t lireeth, CoKti%cnets, Blotches on the Skin, Dis-
J turtxrdSleer.Hri£ht!ul Dreams, end all Nervout
/ and Trcmbiinf Senstt'or.s, rt?. These ailment*
\ t'.l ari&e fror.i a disordered or ebused condition
C of the stomacli and liver.
i fccecham's Pills will quickly restort Females
P to complete health. They promptly remove any
J obstruction or irregularity cf the system. Fora '
C Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Sick
/ McadfcChe, Disordered Liver, etc, '
f they act like me£ic— a few doses will work won- |
S ocrs upon the Vital Organs; Strenjtbenirithe
r Mucculsr System, restorine the long-lost Com-
i plexion, brinjirj back ihc keen edf.e of Appetite,
* and nr oaaing 'vtth tho Rosebud of '
Haslth tha r/hala physical onorgy 1
of the human frame. For throwing
oft fevera tney are specially ro- <
novrncd. These are facts " admitted by
thoussndf, in ell classes of society, and one I
of the best guarantees to the Nervous and
Debilitated is that Betchair.'s Pills have the !
Largest Srle of cny Patent Medicine in the
World. This bas been achieved
i Without the publication cf testimonials. '
Berch*m*» Pills have for many years been ,
the populur family medicine wherever the
English language is spokrr, end they now stand i
without a rii-cL
10 tuts and 25 cents, at all dreg stores.
5
CLL
L'BS.
qi- aid %
j! O S 1 » ¦B *
c3|23 £"3 3
i !i r I
i : ; <»
:¦••-: :
tockton
•ak'.and
an Francisco...
acramento
!• ;J !j J^_
..'l B 1 S | R lifi?S
..! 4 | 3 7 .371
..| 4 I 6 9 .444
..! 3 I 5 S .375¦¦. Special Information supplied • daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap baskets.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Look otit for 81 Fourth street (sc-barber,'
grocer), best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c*
Peanut crisps. New. Townsend's.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT A FREEMASON— C. A. 8., City.
The Pope of Rome Is not a member of the
order of Freemasons.
;: AN ECHO— E. R., City. To produce an
artificial echo the reflecting surface must
on the whole be even or so curved as to
resemble a concave mirror.
POPULATION— L. H. L.. Dayton, Or.
The population of the United Stages ac
cording to t-»e census of IS9O was 62,222,250.
There are no official figures to show to
what extent the population has grown
year by year since then. The estimate of
population on the first of the current year
is 78,000,000.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 27.— C. V. Miller of
San Francisco is at the Holland; Frank
McLaughlin of San Francisco is at the
Hoffman.
The saloon men of Honolulu arc threatening all
sens of reprisals upon the Hawaiian Government for
encroachments upon the special privileges of the
liquor traffic. It is reasonably sure, however, that the
injured dispensers of liquor will not raid this city as
a field of prospective profit.
Embassador White is winning new fame for him
self and new honors for America at the court of Ber
lin. Our distinguished representative, according to
late reports, is introducing to select circles of the Ger-
Kizxx capital the famous American clam.
Mayor Phelan has proved himself to be a consist
ent, conscientious opponent of corporations. He
•,ould add very much to his reputation in this respect
fy raiding the corporation whose plant is located at
The local footpads, who arc operating with success
•o the city and have thus i2r eluded the vigilance of
the police, must take considerable pleasure in the
lurid stories which imaginative victims are telling
-I their mishaps.
Charles J. King appears to have taken considerable
satisfaction in the fact that he is a "promoter." He
possibly might not object, therefore, to that promo
tion which will elevate him to a life of marked scclu-
One of the saddest th : ngs of the time is the effort
of the gold Democrats in the East to induce the peo
ple to believe Dewry's candidacy should be taken
seriously.
The quarrel between Assessor Dodge and Auditor
Wells appears to be one of those instances where,
when officials fall out, the people do not get the best
The stewards of Tanforan arc giving what appears
to be an unnecessary exhibition of fuss and feathers.
They arc striving to place the finger of condemnation
upon thieves at the San Mateo track. Recent devel
opments in the criminal records of this city ought to
make the task an easy one.
FOR THE PROTECTION OF FORESTS.
T — ; OR the purpose of prosecuting the campaign
j of education on the subject of forest preserva
*¦ tion the division of forestry of the Department
of Agriculture has determined to send lecturers to
different parts of the United States to give instruc
tion on the subject and to aid in awakening a wider
and keener public interest in forestry problems. It
is stated that officials of the department will visit any
section of the United States where tree-planting or
forest protection is desired and will arrange for con
ferences of land-owners, at which explanations will be
given of the objects of the forestry division and of
the assistance it is prepared to offer to those who
wish to experiment in the work o.f cultivating and
planting trees on an extensive scale.
The decision of the officials is a good one. There*
is hardly any subject, not excepting that of good
roads, on which the people of the United States as
h. whole arc more in need of systematic higher educa
tion. The Government can hardly render a greater
service to coming generations than by teaching this
generation the folly of wasting the forests that are
as essential to a land as lungs are to a man. When
Zl wide region of country becomes treeless it soon be
comes a waste and but little better than a desert. We
are rapidly hurrying this rich and highly favored land
of ours to that condition, and the menace of floods in
wet weather and of droughts and dry river beds in
summer is yearly growing more portentous over
vast areas of the country.
An extensive campaign of education is perhaps a
necessary preliminary to the adoption of a compre
hensive scheme of forest preservation by the States
or by the National Government, and yet it is regret
table that we are still only talking on the subject,
while our neighbors in Canada have begun to act.
In the Dominion quite an elaborate plan of forest
protection has been devised, and the work of restor
ing some of the wasted pine forests of that country is
to be entered upon with vigor and at once.
In a recent report published in the New York
Tribune on the measures taken by the Canadians for
the protection of their woods it is stated that the
lumber companies of Ontario and Quebec have their
forests patrolled during the dry months of the year,
and that as a consequence the forest fires once so
common in various sections are now almost un
known in those provinces. On the tracts from whfch
all the pine has been cut new plantations have been
made, and new forests of pine are now growing tip
under the supervision of the Government, special
care being taken by forest rangers to prevent damage
to the young trees -by fire. >.
Not content with preserving forests now standing
and replanting pines where former forests were, the
Government has undertaken the work of covering
with forests the vast treeless plains of the northwest.
The Tribune's report on the subject says: "Profes
sor Macoun, the botanist of the Canadian Geological
Survey, who has made a study of this, gave it as his
opinion at a recent meeting that there should be no
insuperable difficulty in growing trees anywhere on
the prairies except on the alkaline stretches. It was
not the cold, as was popularly supposed, that pre
vented the growth of trees; the obstacles were the
prairie fires, that destroyed the trees, and the long,
dry summers that killed off the young shrubs before
they got firmly rooted. With plenty of moisture
poplar and white spruce would grow readily. A
Scotch forester suggested the black Austrian pine as
a tree that would probably be readily acclimatized in
the northwest, but Dr. SaundersV ' director of the
experimental farms, said that at the Government farm
at Brandon hundreds of these trees had been planted,
but not one.had survived the second summer. Dr.
Saunders said that the Government experiments had
REMOVE THE WAR TAXES
Xew York Herald. V
CD It Is a needless oppression of the people and restriction on trade.
<2> The existence of the money in the treasury is an incentive to corrup
tion and encourages job and rob legislation.
(3) Continued withdrawal of such vast sums from the channels of trade Is
liable to cause mischievous monetary stringency by the time the autumn demand
for crop moving purposes sets In.
The country has had deplorable experience with this needless accumulation
of funds in the treasury, resulting in monetary crises, followed by wasteful ex
pedients to get the currency back to its proper place in the hands of the people.
Collection of a revenue far in excess of the needs of government la a confes
sion of financial incapacity; the special war tax should be removed.
Denver News.
There will be a surplus of $73,000.(100 of revenue in tht» treasury, and still
piling up, at the end of the fiscal year. By the time Consrress meets again
next December this surplus will approximate JJS.OCO.fICO. This will be a temp
tation to Congress to squander this amount in various appropriation;". and
sessions immediately succeeding a national election are notorious for their ex
travagance. Before this surplus grows any larger, a coodly portion nf the
"war taxes" should be repealed and the money left in the pockets of the peo
ple Instead of being accumulated in the treasury for Congress to -waste.
Fargo Argus.
Now that Secretary Gage, In his report, shows up a surplus of $7i\OOO.OCO by
June 30, and $150,000,000 at the end of the fiscal year, why not repeal a part, at
least, of the stamp tax? There is no longer any occasion to continue the war
revenue tax, in all its parts. The tax on certain articles should be removed.
Salt Lake Herald.
Waiving any question as to the need for revenue- from this source, the tax
has been made odious by its injustice. Whether it is repealed or not. its dis
crimination in favor of corporate wealth is a standing indictment of the party
that enacted it into law. It cannot be repealed too soon.
* « *
San Diego Union.
There is a very general feeling that the people should receive consideration
in this matter. They did not murmur when the war tax was Imposed; they
paid It cheerfully. But they have a right to feel that now. when that tax has
fulfilled Its mission, it should not be retained to operate as a boomerang- against
the generosity and patriotism of the nation.
Chicago Record.
It fs time that a large portion of the war taxes were repealed, and thosa
bearing most heavily on the people should bo the first to go.
THE RIGHT WAY ABOUT IT.
r-NEPRESENTATIVE WILSON ol New York
| — s has introduced a bill designed to so amend the
* war revenue act as to compel railroads, express
companies and other common carriers to pay the rev
enue taxes imposed upon their business by the'exist
ing act.but which they have hitherto managed to
shirk. According to a telegraphic summary of the
bill it provides the company shall affix and cancel at
its own expense a one-cent revenue stamp on each
bill of lading, manifest or other evidence of receipt
and forwarding of each shipment. For failure to
comply with the law a penalty of $50 in each case is
proposed, and no bill of lading, manifest or receipt
is to be valid for use in evidence unless duly stamped
as provided in the bill.
The measure has been introduced at the request of
the Merchants' Association of New York and other
commercial organizations in all parts of the Union.
It represents a widespread demand for justice. The
corporations, from whom Congress expected to re
ceive a fair share of the revenue required by the Gov
ernment to carry on the war with Spain, have per
sistently shirked payment from: the start. The mer
chants, the shippers and the public generally have
been compelled by the corporations to pay the, tax,'
and the extortion has been felt acutely Th all parts
of the Union.
The recent decision of the Supreme Court in favor
of the corporations in a suit brought to compel one
of them to pay the tax has left the people of many
States no recourse other than to amend the law in
the manner proposed by the Representative from
New York. His bill is therefore one of the most
timely and urgent now before Congress. It should
have right of way in both houses and be taken up
and enacted at this session. Each day of delay adds
to the amount of money which the tax-shirkers are
exacting from the public.
The Merchants' Association of New York is a
powerful organization, but it should not be left in this
instance to fight the battle single-handed. The con
test is one which concerns the public and is of ma
terial interest to all large shippers. It is reported
that other large commercial organizations in the East
have already given support to the New York organi
zation, and those of the Pacific Coast should
promptly unite with them. California law, as was
pointed out in The Call Thursday, affords redress
for the citizens of this State, but we should none the
less co-operate with the people of the East in the fight
for justice. The metropolis of the coast, San Fran
cisco, should lead the movement in this section, and
from each and all of her commercial and manufac
turing associations there should be sent to Washing
ton memorials urging immediate action on the Wil
son bill.
There are reasons for believing that if earnest ac
tion be taken throughout the country Congress will
adopt the desired amendment. A considerable num
ber of Congressmen arc already pledged to it. All the
California "delegation is so pledged. Let the mer
chants and the shippers now demand the fulfillment
of the pledges at this session. Corporation tax
shirking has been carried on tpo long. It is time to
stop it.
TILE SAJS IKAIJNCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
shown that elm and ash could be growii in the north
west, in addition to poplar."
It is well for our Government to be#in a campaign
of education by lectures, but it wouljd be better to
emulate the Canadian example. The preservation of
forests is a subject in which object lessons are much
more instructive than the eloquence of words, even
if they be illustrated by transparencies.
MEN FOR THE NAVY.
SOMETHING more than the ordinary inconsis
tency of human nature is noted in the dis
patches from Washington announcing the gen
eral approval given to the bill appropriating $61,000,
000 for the navy, of which amount upward of
$28,350,000 is to be expended for the construction of
new warships, exclusive of armor and armament,
and the general indifference to every appeal that is
made for an increase of the naval forces. We have
already more war vessels than we can provide with
an adequate number of men or officers, and yet we
are about to make a large addition to the fleet with
out, it seems, making preparation for keeping in com-
It is stated by those who speak with authority that
every ship in our navy now in commission is insuffi
ciently manned: at least they have not the comple
ment of men and officers which arc assigned to Euro
pean ships of a similar class. It is stated the defi
ciency is mainly felt in the lack of officers. Accord
ing to one authority the retirement provision of the
navy personnel bill has worked so well that there are
fewer officers in the navy now than there were fifteen
years ago. Several suggestions have been made for
overcoming the dearth of trained officers, but Con
gress is slow in acting upon them.
When by one method or another we have trained
officers equal to the need of the enlarged navy, then
will come the need of seamen. An American navy
should be manned as completely as possible by
Americans. We ought to have a strong force of
skilled seamen from which to draw the men required
for our war vessels, not only in peace, but in any
sudden emergency of war. Officers can be educated
in sufficient numbers by enlarging the naval school at
Annapolis, but to train up the number of seamen re
quired we ought to have an enlarged merchant
marine, in which thousands of men would find em
ployment.
A navy is necessary to the security of commerce,
hut commerce is necessary to the upbuilding of a
navy. The vast and- mighty fleets of the empire ot
Great Britain are dependent in no small measure upon
her numerous lines of steamships and sailing vessels.
It is from the merchant marine the British navy draws
the men who man the warships! It is because she
has a large force of skilled seamen in the service of
her commerce that she is able at almost any moment
'to equip all her fleets and put them into commission
adequately officered and manned for any duty the
emergency calls for.
It matters not in what direction we undertake to in
crease our prestige upon the ocean, whether we plan
for naval or commercial supremacy and security upon
the seas, we are confronted by the need of an en
larged merchant marine. The nations of Europe un
derstand the subject well and have built up com
mercial lines as well as battleships. They have a
strong body of seamen to act as a naval reserve, and
upon that reserve much of their naval strength de
pends. The course pursued there is one of consis
tent statesmanship, while there, is inconsistency and
a lack of statesmanship at Washington displayed in
the project for constructing fleets of warships with
out providing for manning them.
WELCOME THE REGULARS.
rOR the ofneers and men of the Fourteenth In
fantry who arrived on the Sherman, the first of
the regulars to return home from the Philip
pines, San Francisco has a cordial welcome. It may
lack somewhat of the exuberant enthusiasm that
greeted the volunteers who returned while the ex
citement of the war spirit was still thrilling among
the people, but lacks nothing of sincerity, of admira
tion for the brave, nor of honor for the men who
have followed the flag and upheld the cause of the
republic amid the dangers of war.
The welcome in this case is the more earnest be
cause the people have begun to realize that in the
glow of the war feeling, when each State vied with all
others in doing honor to its volunteers, scant justice
was done to the regulars, who represented no State,
and whose service therefore would not add to the
prestige of any particular commonwealth. There was
no State pride nor local patriotism to rouse enthu
siasm for the n:en of the regular army. There was
no interchange cf courtesies between Governors and
other high ofncials when the regulars traversed State
niter State on their way to the port of embarkation.
They went to their duty without any of the thousand
marks of popular admiration showered on the Stale
troops, and their service in the field was not made the
subject of warm and continuous laudation which each
State gave to its own particular heroes while they
were at the front
It is of course natural that men who carry the State
name i:i war should be regarded by the people of that
State with more interest than those who do not carry
it, even if the latter be also natives of the same com
monwealth. That natural feeling, however, will not lead
patriots to overlook the true deserts of the regulars.
The men of the Fourteenth arc many of them native
sons of California, fomhe regiment was recruited at
Camp Merritt about two years ago, and received into
its ranks men who represent the patriotism and mili
tcry ardor of California just as truly as did those who
went to war bearing the name of the State in their
regimental title. To these men. therefore, the wel
come now given is one in which both local pride and
national patriotism arc animating motives. They
bear the name of the army of the whole country, but
they are our own boys, and their greeting will be as
cordial and as warm r.s Californians know how to
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. B. A. Plant of Santa Cruz is at the
Grand.
Dr. D. W. Edelman of Los Angeles is at
the 'Grand.
Joseph Goldn-.an, a merchant of Merced,
is at the Grand.
H. C. Smith, a mining man from Mexico,
is at the Palace.
" Rev. Caleb Benham of Eureka is a guest
at the Occidental.
John Markley. State Bank Commis
sioner, is at the Lick.
George P. Simpson, business man of
Stockton, is at the Occidental.
F. O. McCormack, a vinegar manufac
turer of St. Louis, Js at the Palace.
R. D. Hatch, a railroad man of Novato,
and his wife, are guests at the Lick.
Georce A. Bacon, a wealthy resident of
Boston, is at the California with his fam
ily, i
Professor Charles F. Lummis. editor of
the Land nf Sunshine, at Los Angeles, is
at the California.
Dr. AY. J. Jackson left last evening on
a three weeks' visit to the East. He
was accompanied by Mrs. Jackson ana
her sister. Miss Edith Bergstrom.
Captain J. B. Mclntire. who went to
Manila as commander of Company G,
Montana Volunteers, returned home on
the Sherman and is at the Occidental.
Colonel Duboce returned yesterday from
Paraiso Springs in company with his wife.
Because of the cold weather the colonel's
health was not much benefited by the trip.
Mrs. P. Aenlle. a lady of wealth, who
spent nearly two years in the Philippines
nursing the sick soldiers and providing
luxuries for them, is at the Occidental.
She has come up on a trip for her health
and brings her two children with her.
Dr. TV. C. Bailey, house surgeon of St.
Lukn's Hospital, has tendered his resig
nation, to the hospital authorities. Dr.
Bailey' will assume medical charge of the
steamer Portland on the first of May.
The steamer will depart for Cape Nome
early next month.
W. I-eon Pepperman of Montgomery,
Ala., is at the Palace. He was recorder
of the last Philippine Commission, arriv
ing here from Manila less than a month
ago, and has just been appointed to the
game position undor the new commission.
He is now on his way to join the new
body. Mr. Pepperman was formerly pri
vate secretary to Chief Examiner Serven
of the Civil Service Commission, who is
now in the city.
A. J. Gies, who went to Manila nearly
two years ago as a sergeant of the Third
Artillery, is a guest at the Occidental,
having come up on the Sherman. He is
now chief inspector under the provost
marshal at Manila and is superintendent
of public works in that city. He comes
up to secure information in regard ta
sewerage and street pavements. He has
the largest collection of Philippine curios
ities ever accumulated, many of which he
will present the Smithsonian Institution
at Washington.
AN INEFFICIENT POLICE.
BY one method or another, and probably by
many methods, the so-called reform adminis
tration of Mayor Phelan has brought a blight
upon almost every department of the municipal gov
ernment. Evidences of inefficiency are visible well
nigh everywhere, but just now they arc most con
spicuous in the police and the detective force. Re
peated robberies and burglaries have been committed
with something like absolute impunity, for no arrests
have thus far been made of the offenders.
Recently bold attempts were made to rob the
French and the Sutro banks, and the police and the
detectives have not only been unable to catch the
criminals, but they have not even found a clew. A
murderous footpad has been plying his trade, and the
utmost the guardians of the city have done to stop
him has been to make a masquerade hunt for him
with a number of detectives disguised as women. Re
peated burglaries have been committed, and the bur
glars have hardly been disturbed in the conduct of
their trade.
Some extenuation must be made for the inefficiency
of the police on account of the unlighted streets. It
is not easy for the most vigilant of officers to note
suspicious characters or to trail them in the midnight
darkness which the reform administration has im
posed upon the 'city. The lack of street lighting,
however, does not explain all of the inefficiency of the
police and the detectives, for many of the burglaries
have been committed in the daytime, and Mayor
Phelan has not yet succeeded in obscuring the sun.
The officers cannot complain of a lack of light in
these cases, unless it be a lack of light in their own
intelligence.
The Call yesterday published a list of six bur
glaries and five attempts at burglary of recent occur
rence. Of the cases where the thieves were success
ful five took place in the daytime. Some of the
crimes were committed in the west end and some in
the southern part of the city. The crimes have now
become so frequent that no little alarm is felt in those
districts, and women are afraid to leave their houses.
This condition of affairs is discreditable to those
having charge of the police and the detective force of
the city. It is all well enough to summon the police
in considerable squads to headquarters to put them
through fancy, drills, but the record shows that the
force would be of more service to the city if the men
were' kept on their beats and a more careful guar
dianship established over the homes of the people.
Sr.n Francisco docs not expect the impossible. The
escape of some cunning burglar or sneakthief now
and then would not be a matter for which cither the
police or the detective? would be condemned, but
when all of them escape, when robbery after robbery
occurs and not a single robber is taken, when bur
glars by day and burglars by night and footpads per
petrate crime after crime and escape with impunity,
it is inevitable the people should lose confidence in
the police and the detectives. It is time for the au
thorities to bestir themselves.
No buffet should be without a bottle of Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters, the South -Ameri-
can appetizer and lnvlsorator.
, At last San Francisco has an official municipal flag.
Mayor Phelan might do well to enter the^lists of es
sayists once* more and tell us what we have the flag
for any -way. ..: ? ;¦ ? , ¦ ,jv-''; - '¦".-' '• -
. The Postoffice Department has issued
special warning in regard to short paid
letters for foreign countries.
TOO LATE.
SATURDAY^. APRIL 28, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ai! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
VLUIACJLTIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
1 Telephone Main ISOS.
EDITORIAL noOMS 217 to 221 Slevemon St.
Telephone Slain 1674.
Udlrered by r»rrfer«. IB Cra(« Per Weelr.
Jlncli- Coplm. O Cent".
Term* by Mall. Including rostasret
DAILY CALL {including Sunday), one year J6.00
DAILT CALL. <inc!udtr.j Sunday). C menths 8.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 rccr.th» I.EO
PAILY CALL— By Single lioslh 4 «c
6UNDAT CALL One Year *-30
WKEKLT CALL On« Year i- 00
AU poilmaiteri are nnlhorUed to receive
subscription*.
Sample copies will be fenvarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
f.'ar.2rer Fcreigri Advertising, MarqueUe Building, Cvcago.-
Clone Distance Telephone "Central »19.")
KEVT TOIUC CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
KETW YOIUC REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEVTS STANDS:
etermaa House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rreinont House; Auditorium UoleL
JCETV TORJv NEWS ETAXDS:
WaJaorf-A«tert» Hotel;- A. Breataao. 81 Cnlon Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
DRA7CCH OFFICE!*— I! 7 Montgomery. eern»r of Clay, ct>*b
cntfl 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, cpen until »:30 o'clock. 639
McAl'-irter. cpea until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
f.BO o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096
Valencia, open until 8 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, cpen until
h o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second end Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "Quo YaSis."
Columbia— "The Floorwalker*."
TlvoM— "The Wizard ct the Kile."
Grar.d Opera-house — "An Arabian GlrL"
Orrteujn— Vaudeville.
California— "Cartain L«ttarb!air."
Fisctw'a Co seen House— "La Travlata."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Cfcutec. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rvenin*.
El Caicpo— Dan-r-inp. bov.linr. fishing, etc., every Sunday.
Oakland Ractrack — Hsc»s to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Py p. Watkir.F— Monday, Arril SO, at 11 o'clock. Horse? and
Marcs, at I'.T* Market ptrpot.
— ~ <g§|||«>~
[Sunday Call
LOOK OUT FOR OUR SPECIAL MAY
DAY EDITION, OUT SUNDAY, APRIL 29.
// The Little \\ // Two Splendid >\.
II MAYDAY \( POSTER
II -CHILDREN. ))H PAGES j.
QUEEN OF THE HUNT.
One cf San Francisco's Most- Charming Society Belles.
Do You Know Her \
SILK-WEAVING SPIDER
Promises to Rival the Belgian Hare Industry in California.
' STORY OF THE OAKLAND BRIDGE-TENDER
WHO HAS SAVED THIRTY LIVES.
S phs CANDIDATES FOR RIBBONS fcSSs?'
COURAGEOUS WOMFfI OF ARIZONA.
Read What They Have Done.
And a Host of Other Newsy and Interesting Features.
j THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS ALL COMPETITORS
IN BRIGHTNESS AND ORIGINALITY.
6Weekly CaILSI.OO per Year
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
GRAND
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
J.- WALKER COLE AND MISS UHOfiT,
World's Champions, and Many Otners.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23.
ton: Ju&ticu . Leu is Berber; Kensington, George
Monck: Redwood, W. G. Page: Star of Red
wood, F. M. McNulty; Waehlncton, Julius A.
Hult: California. G. W. Coaling St.; Uni
versity. C. P. Davis; America. C. Braaksma;
Concord. George Fonge; Sherwood Forest, W.
F. Gentle; Friar Tuck. F. G. H. .Baker; Se
quoia. William Headman, G. J. Ferari; Colum
bia, E. H. Knutz; Menlo Park. James Farmln;
Star of Suisun. J. F. Sldgmore; Korbel, A.
Jerdahl; Bohemian, G. Lippman; Pride of San
Matec William C. Meade; Todos Santos. John
J. Burke: Volta. C. W. Smith; Pioneer, F. W.
Cerdet; Evergreen. John Horning; Camocs, A.
V. Peters; Fort Bragg, not represented; Walla
Walla. A. L. Canvel; Commercial, George
Pcott: Union, Dr. G. S. Smart; Del Monte. Dr.
A. B. McGIM; Oak Grove, J. F. Johnson; Star
tuck, not represented: Southern California. C.
J. Gould, James H. Pedgrlft; Unlta, not rep
resented; Colorado. Peter Lansing; San Pablo,
John E. Bouquet: Caspar, George Plowman;
San Hedrln. Joseph E. Thornton: Gate City,
Charles B. Walther; Laurel, G. T. Clow; Green
wood, William Dougherty; Mendocino, not rep
resented: Ivanhoe, George A. Boden, Jacob
Busch; Crlftofero Colombo. P. Plcetti, D. Ta
bacco: Usal. W. J. Davis: Eclipse. William
•Marshall ; Scotia. I. N. Bryan; Hartford, J.
J. Bresnan: Burkborn. R. A. Blum; Mount
Jefferson, not represented; Prid* of Stanislaus,
J. J. Llnrps; Albion, not reprcrented; Azalea,
George P. Ellis; Triumph, M. j; O'Gara;
Sutter, William Mneford: Mount Rose,
A. W. Holmes: Violet, John F. -Harper;
Hydraulic, Ray Currier; Lakebort. J.
Banks: Castle Rock. M. E. Dittmar; Pride of
the Mountains. C. S. Plumb; Madrone. George
Grlbble: Duncans Peak, I). M. Lowe; Grant,
Louis Kahrs: Webster. William Davis; To
males, F. F. Plank; Lincoln. N. R. McLellan.
F. B. Bentler; Arena. V. Nlssen; Montara. ;
Ramona. J. A. Verla*iue: El Cajon, Albert
Brower; Julian Banner. F. L. Blanc; Crys
tal. : Bald Mountain, William C. Qulg
ley; Diamond Mountain, T. A. Oakes: Benlcia,
S. A. McHuffh: Madeline. M. Pinkney; Pine
wood. E. C. Ahktrom; Adln. C. C. Auble; Look
out. E. H. Trowbridge; Knaresborough, Ellas
Baker; Rote of Sharon, D. W. McCrea: Tuol
umne-, Henry Pease; Mother Lode. : Vlnton.
L. T. StcDhenron; Solomon. G. W. Wtckllffe;
Milton, M. J. Dougherty; Bart Mountain, Evan
Morgan; Summers, George B. Carter; Ca
manehe. Charles J. Mulgrew; Soulsby. John C
Harry; Calavera*. not represented; Treadwell,
J. J. McCormick: Intangible, ; Marble. W. H.
Koch: Placer. William C. Fallen Copper City,
; Beckwtth. Prozresslve. M. C. Bringham;
Butter's Fort, William H. Henderson: Holland,
John Carroll: Cordelia. George l>. Mason: Kes
wlck. Henry McCurry: Rio Vista. Otto Jensen;
Alameda, W. H. McNamara; Staklyou, James
G. nenrd: St. Gotthardo, A. Bertola; Santa
Amanda. C. S. Baillie.
ADVEETISEMENTS,
IC^ff^ &$ house
PHONE MAIN r,32.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TUESDAY NEXT
(DEWEY DAY).
Last Week of Our New York Extravaganza
Company in
AN ARABIAN GIRL.
Reappearance After Their Triumphant Eastern
Tour of
The Wonderful Child Artists,
ARNOLD GRAZER and LA PETITE HAZEL.
In their Unique and Delightful Cake Walk.
Accorded a Perfect Ovation Last Night.
Next Week— "lN GAY NEW YORK."
Additional New F.ir»s
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 2Zc.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
¦f Bead in next Sunday's Call +
~t how the brave Oakland bridge- ?
+. tender has saved the lives of +
¦?¦ thirty people. We have heroes +
+ right here at home! ?
ONLY THIS
MATINCE AFTERNOON.
OF THAT CHARMING COMEDY.
"CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR"
So Extremely Well Played by
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Splendid Nelll Company.
LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT.
Nat Goodwin's Greatest Comedy Triumph.
*V\ GILDED F-OOL"
Carriases at 10:1j p. m
Play to Follow— "A PARISIAN ROMANCE."
MATTNEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. Acrll CS.
Parquet. 25c, any scat; balcony. 10c; children,
10c. any j>art.
FINAL WEEK.
HOPKINS' TRAHS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY,
In Conjunction with ORPIIETL'M STARS.
DIGBY BELL: RAE & BROSCHE; MLLE.
PROTO: MILDRED STOLLER: MARZET,-
LA: GCITANOS; FALK: SEMON; B2LL-
MAN; MOORE: DUNCAN.
COMMENCING TO-MORROW— FUL-
CORA'S ALL-STAR SPECIALTY CO.
SPECIAL MATINEE DEWEY DAY,
TUESDAY, MAY I.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL !
Sacramento
vs.
Oakland*
TO-DAY AT 3 r. M.
SUNDA V AT2.-3O f*. M.
RECREATION PARK
,ONE OF THESE TWO WILL BE CHOSEN THE NEXT HIGH
CHIEF RANGER.
THE next biennial session of the An
cient Order of Foresters will be held
In Foresters' building, in this city,
commencing on the Sth of May. The
reports to be presented will show that
during the two years now passing the in
crease in finance has been about $13,000,
while the net gain in membership has
been about 200. Seventeen new courts
have been instituted in localities where
none before existed. Sixteen courts have
been withdrawn, either by suspension
for violation of the laws of the order or
by consolidation with other courts.
The most important event of the ses
sion will be the contest for the office of
high chief ranger. M. Boehm, the in
cumbent, is a candidate for re-election,
and John Henderson, the vice high chief
ranger, who is in line of promotion, will
also be a candidate for the highest office.
J. W. Chute of Court Garden City. San
Jose, and J. B. Sanford of Court Point
Arena, now of Ukiah. will be candidates
for the office of high vice chief ranger.
John Falconer, the permanent secretary,
will be, re-elected, as no one will run
against him. O. M. Goldaracena, high
court secretary, and George W. Lunt,
high court treasurer, will be continued in
ofhee for another term.
The following are the delegates from
the various courts who will legislate for
the order during the session:
Court Robin Hood. J. E. Johnson and Alex
ander Nickelson: Eureka. GeorKe t. U illlams
and W C. Uobcrtß: Occidental, A. M.'Macpher
ton. Joseph Mcmcrop and D. E. Beseoker; l>ride
of Gras* Valley. R. Chenoweth and Thomaa R.
Geach- Star of the West. Joseph Hasan, Thom
as Pemberthy. George Nisbit " and E. Etroh
meier; Pride of the Sierras. A. J. Freitas: Star
of the Mission. Charles Sutherland and Henry
O F J*nd- Pride of Plumas. John W. Pownlng;
Advocate R D. Arnold and C. J. Antwller;
Genuan' America, W. J. Claus; Amador. C,
WriKKlesworth: Twin Peaks, Alexander Smith
*nd W H Carpenter; Alcatraz. Manuel Soura
and Henry UHner; Garden City. A. B. Knowles
and J E. Reardon; Unity. W. B. Sobey; San
Joaquin. Geonre Siebert; San Uiego, E. I.*sen
bury; Fountain City; A. Rosenthal; Apollo, %\.
F Jones; Garfield. William M. Cannon; Bourne
mouth. W. S. Edwards; Piedmont. J. J. Rob
erts- Mazzfnt. L.. CuanglroH and G. A. Magis
tral Victoire. J. Desbarats; , Gualala, Lculs H.
J'tttrtcn; Star of California. Gcurce Vr. Winy-
MAN FOUND DYING ON
THE OCEAN BOULEVARD
A young man was found on the Ocean
boulevard about half a mile south of the
park in a dying condition late last night.
He was sent to the City Receiving Hospi
tal, but died on the way. Deceased was
about 25 years of age. He was dressed
in a dark suit, white shirt with turned
down collar and wore a cheap black Fe
dora hat.
Raid on Restaurant Keepers.
Warrants were issued yesterday for the
arrest of ten restaurant keepers On tho
charge of selling liquor without a license.
Previous to the adoption of the charter
they had only to pay $6 a quarter for a
restaurant license, which permitted them
to sell liquor In not less than quart quan
tities. Under the charter they must pay
$21, which they refused to. do. The nam>s
of those arrested are: Peter Peterson. 623
Kearny street; Bennett & Witmer, 9
Stockton street; Giovanni Columblana, 630
Montgomery street: Bertz & Blach, 24 El
lis street; Zaro & Elish, 111 Eddy street;
A. S. Smith, 11 Taylor street; Henry
Alone, 625 Montgomery avenue: Ruediger
& Loesch. 11l Larkin street; Edward Me
glca, Sutter and Devlsadero streets; Kur
tovich & Stanich. 1211 Polk street: An
drew Mrak, 820 Larkin street, and Megica
& Meliovich, 2002 Fillmore street.
AMUSEMENTS.
arc overcome by Lydla Em
Plnkham's Vegetable
Compound*
Fifty thousand happy
'Women testify to this In
grateful letters to Mrs*
Plnkham*
Menstruation is a
severe strain on a wo-
man's vitality. If it Is
painful something is
wrong which
I Lydia E. Pir.Kium's Vegetable Compound I
will promptly set right; if
excessive or irregular
write to Mrs* Pinkham,
Lynn, Mass., far advice,
Evidence abounds thai
Mrs* Pinkham's advice
and medicine have for
many years been helping
women to bo strong* No
other advico is so un-
varyingly accurate, no
other mediclno has such
a record of cure*
QUICK R£3JEF,SUREREUEfA
BH'S Broiijlal Troc'p
For Ooagtes and Golds* I
T*e-HixnTlm Jt/ / /? +/ on every I
t jnatnre of box. |
WHELAN BROTHERS
TO BE BOYCOTTED
Determined Effort by the LaborCoun-
cil to Discipline Recalcitrant
Water Front Contractors.
The San Francisco Labor Council, by
a unanimous vote, of its delegates at the
meeting last bight, decided to place a
boycott on Whelan Bros. The firm is en
gaged in shipwright and calking work
on the water front, and the Council
claims it employs scab workmen. "The
labor unions have been urging Whelan
Bros, for the last five months to get into
line and either discharge their scab work
men or have them join the shipwrights"
union." The grievances of the union were
fully ventilated before the Council last
night, with a result that a boycott was
declared, to commence on next Tuesday.
Regarding the Russian Doukhobors.
who are in Manitoba seeking admission
into the United States. Senator Perkins
telegraphed the Council that he had
drawn the attention of tho Secretary of
the Treasury to the matter. That official
had assured him that the objectionable
persons would not be permitted to enter
this country.
WHISKY.
HIIVTFJ? RVP CHRISTY ft WISE Com!.
nU-> 1 Eft If IC- Co.. ZZI-Zn Sansome St.
• LTQUOPS-
WHKCFV BLATZ BEF.R. Beth*»fla Water.
TT 111 JIVC I CAHEN & SON. 41S Sacramento st
DISCIPLES OF ROBIN
HOOD TO MEET HERE
Shake into Your Shoes
AIImTb Foct-Ease. a powder. It makes tlitht or
new chocs feel easy. Cures Corns, Bunions,
Swollen. Tired, Sweating, Achtns Feet. 30,000
testimonials. At all drufrglets nnd choc stores,
2ic. Ask to-< Jay. Sample FREE. Addrefo Al
len S. Olmsted. Le Roy, N. Y.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The board of managers of the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art has decided to
keep the rooms of the Art Association
open every Sunday from 10 a. m. until 5
p. m. to accommodate members and oth
ers who are unable to visit the exhibitions
on othor days. The exhibition will con
tinue throughout the summer.
Mr. Schuyler on Men.
This fastidious gentleman of fashion
writes in to-day's News Letter on what
the men of the smart set should and
should not wear during the summer sea
son. Mr. Schuyler believes himself to be
authority In the matter of dress. "
ALEXANDER DUNSMUIR'S
WILL HAS BEEN FILED
Names His Brother as Sole Devisee,
but His Widow Has Been Pro
vided For.
An authenticated copy of the will of the
late Alexander Dunsmulr, stepfather of
Edna Wallace Hopper, the well known
actress, was filed for probate yesterday.
Dunsmuir died January 31 last, leaving
an estate valued at nearly $1,000,000.
Shortly after his death it was made
known that he left a surviving wife in the
person of Mrs. Josephine Wallace Duns
mulr, whom he had secretly married.
Although their relationship was long sus
pected, their marriage was withheld from
the public until Mrs. Dunsmulr concluded",
after her husband's death, to make it
public.
In the will filed yesterday Jamea Duns
muir, decedent's brother, who resides in
Victoria. B. C, is named as sole devisee
of the estate, but in the accompanying
petition asking for the admission of the
testament to probate Mrs. Wallace-Duns
muir is named as an heir-ln-law. It is
understood that the will, which is wit
nessed by James Lowe of Sausalito, and
James P. Taylor of Oakland, named
James Dunsmuir as sole devisee, with
Mrs. Wallace-Dunsmuir's consent, her
husband having transferred to her large
real estate holdings and valuable accounts
some time prior to his death. Mrs. Wal
lace-Dunsmuir resides at her country
villa near San Leandro.
In the petition for the probate of the
will It is stated that decedent's estate
ie valued at 5799,000: property In Victoria
being valued at $645,000 and interests in
this city being worth $154,000. The heirs
at law are decedent's widow, his mother,
Joan Ok Dunsmuir. and a brother, whom
he names as sole devisee.
MATINEE TO-DAY— 25c, 50: and l:c
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY N!GHTand
ALL NEXT WEEK.
Those Funny Fellows.
WARD and VOKESI
40— PEOPLE— 40
I In the Musical Farce.
THE FLOOR WALKERS.
Evening 1 Prices ZZc, 23c. E<V. 73c and Jl
Look out for "THE EVIL. ETE -i
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In OremtSon Dally. iS Sixth Sfr««*.
BYRON JACKSON.
SCHOONER LA GIRONDE RUNNING WING AND WING EEFORE
•! THE NORTHER.
CRUSHED TO DEATH UNDER
THE WHEEL OF HIS WAGON
While Driving With a Load of Lum
ber Henry Knus Falls From
His Seat
Henry Knus, driver for the J. H. Kruse
Lumber Company, was killed almost in
stantly at half-past 10 o'clock yesterday
morning by falling from the wagon seat
and being crushed under the right front
wheel.
The wagon was heavily loaded with lum
ber, and when Knus arrived at the corner
of Sixteenth and Folsom streets he turned
his horses to get out of the way of an
approaching car. As the wheels jolted
over the rails he was seen to lose his bal
ance and topple over. The wheel passed
over his chest, inflicting Injuries from
which he died in a few minutes. *
Knus lived with his family at 1377 Har
rison street and was only 24 years old. He
had been working for the lumber company
for a month, and was a sober and indus
trious man.
KILLED BY A FALL ON
THE WAY TO HIS ROOM
Michael Bunyan Found at the Bottom
of the Stairs With His Skull
Broken.
Salvatore* Romani. proprietor of a gro
cery at 416 Broadway, made a horrifying
discovery yesterday morning at half-past
5 o'clock when he left his room in the rear
of the building for the purpose of opening
his store.
Lying at the bottom of the stairs in the
back yard was the corpse of a man which
he identified as that of Michael Bunyan.
employed as porter in the warehouse of
Ttllmann & Bendel. wholesale grocers. In
the back of the dead man's head was a
deep giish from which the blood had
flowed profusely.
Bunyan roomed upstairs, and it was evi
dent that he had fallen some time during
the night while attempting to reach hia
room.
The body was taken to the Morgue and
an inquest will be held to-day. Thomas
Bunyan, residing at 3179 Mission street, a
brother of the dead man. took charge of
the funeral arrangements.
each; lot on east line of Sanchez street,
between Eighteenth ajid Nineteenth, 25x
110. $600; lot on west side of Polk street.
between Lombard and Greenwich, 25x114,
$1500; lot on south line of Seventeenth
street, between Dolores and Church, 25x
100. $2000.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. will sell realty
at auction Tuesday. May 8. The prop
erty includes two pieces of business prop
erty in the Mission and residence prop
erty in various part? of the city.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag will sell at auc
tion May 3. at noon, twenty lots in the
Mission and Richmond districts, without
limit, under -foreclosure.
The improvement clubs are taking a
lively interest In the street railways. The
Point Lobos Improvement Club has se
cured many signatures to a petition for a
change of the motive power of the Cali
fornia-street railway, in the Richmond
District, from steam to electricity. The
club also is seeking to get transfers from
the Geary-street line to Third street.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs is continuing the fight against the
maintenance of the tracks of the South
ern Pacific Company through the Mis
sion.
Property taken in by the State on ac
count of non-payment of taxes of 1595
will be sold, finally, by the State to in
dividuals, when the title will finally pass,
in July next. The Slate will get deed 3
June 27. Then three weeks will elapse,
during which the properties will be ad
vertised. If redemption is not made in
that period the State will part with the
properties. There is much stir over the
nearness of these transactions. Owners
of valuable realty in this- city have been
greatly surprised to learn that their
property has gone to the State. They
failed to pay their taxes in ISK>. but have
paid every year since; but the prop
erty must be redeemed for the taxes of
IK«S or it will be lost to the present own
ers. Redemption may be made at the
Auditor's office.
"ABSOJJJTE^ECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
hear signature of /^^^^ x
Tory •mall aM as —my
totakeaesvgßxw
SEE |PARTTtfQl FOR HEADACH£ - SEE
UAm tl\O FOR DiniNESS. O£C
/ , r ,, t!nir iiIPITTLE FOR BILIOUSBtSS.
GENUINE fIvER torpid liver. GENUINE
Mhi lIS FOR COHSTIPATIQB.
WBAPPFR JsLLJ® ' FOB SALLOW SKIH. WPAPPPP
'^PRUTTEID O3ST K.E3D F.AJPEIRJ'
SEVERAL. large Kales of realty hive
taken place dur.ng the week. The
Menisir.i building, on the south side
of Post street. 137 feet east of
Stockton, the lot being 43:10x123 feet, the
mprovements consisting of a modern five
i tory and basement slructun?, was sold
hrough the agency of Shaimvald, Buck
bee & Co. to William Wilson, formerly of
.Schwartz & Co. of Guatemala, for $120,003.
Charles R. Bishop has sold the north
west corner of Turk and Taylor streets to
Isidore Lowcnberg for $105,009. He bought
the property a year ago fcr $110,000. The
lot has a frontage of £4:2 feet on Turk
street and 112:6 feet on Taj lor. The sale
is also reported, subject to the confirma
tion of a Nevada court, of the lifty-vara
lot on the souihwest corner of Eddy and
Taylor streets to Charles R. Bishop, by
Mrs. Emelie A. Chavanne. for $180,000. The
MontßMto Hotel, on the southt-ast corner
of Van Ness avenue ar.d Geary street, has
bpen purchased by Loui* A. Levy, the
owner of the Richelieu Hotel property,
•which adjoins it on the south. Mr. Levy
now owns 129 feet on Van Ness avenue,
with ISO feet on Geary street, running
through to Austin street. The deal for
the Mootrose Hotel was made through A.
J. Bleb & Co. The price was aixmt $TiO.OOO.
The Montrcse is a live-story frame build
ir.g. covering the entire lot. 45:9 feet on
Van Ness avenue and 109 feet on Geary
street.
A lease for ten years has been effected
through the agency of Bovee, Toy & Sonn
tag of a building to be erected on the west
side of Beale rtrec-t, 212:6 feet south of
«^lission snnt-t, for the Haslctt Warehouse
I>rapany, for ?7G.400. The owners of the
property are O. M. Bolshaw and Mrs.
KUzabrth Belshaw. Th" building will be
four stories with basement, with four ele
vators and all modern improvements for
warehouse purposes. The cost will be
something lik*- (60.000. The architect is H.
U. MaKps. The building must be ready
for occupancy by December 1. W.
H Lovi & Co. have leased Henry I .
Sonruap's building, on the northeast cor
ner of Sansome and Jackson streets, for
three years. „
Th? building recently bought by the \ an
Wir.klo estate at 413-415 Market street will
be modernized, and an architect is draw
rip the plans. The firm of 1. S. Aan W in
kle that has been doing business many
years at that location, will move out. The
property was s->ld for $35,000. The lot is
45:1$ feet by 137:6 feet.
Tbe rlarss for the building to be occupied
by th*- Justinian Cairo Company, on Mar-
K'^t street, between First an,i Second
streets, are being made by Hermann. The
IO Some sal^s size are the
following: Northwest corner of Sixth and
Stevenson street, upon which there is a
two-story frame building, the lot being
40x88. for S80.O30: residence property on
Pine street and Tom-hard alley for $22,000.
the lot being 27:6x137:0 .
G. H. Umbson & Co. had an auction of
realty this week. The following bids .were
received: For the property at Su9 Mont
gomery avenue, southwest side. het»«n
Greenwich and Lombard streets, fronting
I>:7^. with a «Jepth of 46:9 and to:G. with
two' small fiats. J2550; three-story building
an.i lot SaKrCIML at ir/6 PowU ree \
west l!np. between Pacinc and Broads a}.
12300: dwelling and lot 26:6x137:6 at 1.1.
Green street. Fotuh line*, between Gouph
and Octavia. $3875; lot 40x103:4^2. on the
south line of Fifteenth street. 12« . feet
W of Castro. $525; lot 25:6x110 and building
at 3010 Sixteenth street, north line, be
tween Minion and Valencia. $7325. and the
following subject to the approval of the
owners- lot 2".5137:6. with cottage, on the
north lir.e of Carl street, between Stanyan
a:id Shrader. 52<>W; lot 50x75, with small
dwellings, on the northwest line of Na
tnna street, between Tenth and eleventh,
$"125: an'i lot 3C feet front, of irregular ai
m- nylons, with cottage, at 630 Guerrero
street, west line, between Eighteenth and
N::?ete«--nth. $2i<so.
Shainirald, Buckbre & Co. report the
following sales: The Simpson house. 2010
I'acifio avenue, to Mrs. Louis Schoenberg.
This is the block between Octavia and
Laguna street. This lot is €5x1.77:6 feet;
the price paid is about $30,000: lot and im
provements on the east line of Fremont
street S5 feet south of Harrison. 53x137:6,
sold on account of San Francisco Savings
Tnion for SCSOO; lot on the north line of
Filbert street. 150 west of Steincr. 25x137:6
'c<t sold by Mrs. Lyon to Mr. Francis-
for SUM; iot with brick building on
tne south lijie of C!ay rtreet. 50 feet east
of Montgomery. 30x5^:6 feet, for $14,000; lot
on the east line oJ Van Ness avenue. €5
feet north of I'nion ?.r.xVi7:3 feet, for
$4000. Fold by J. W. McDonald to Joseph
Piltrer- lot and improvements on the north
line of Minna street. 115 feet west of
Third 20x7" feet, sold by John Neppert
ft al. 'to A. H. Wilcox et al. for $6000; lot
air! improvements on the north line of
Mir.r.a street. 135 feet west of Third.
*4x?o feet sold by Ellen Dolaney to
A. H. Wilcox et al.. for $G f W: lot on
the south line of Ellis street. ..:3
feet west of Gcugh. 27:2x&0 feet, sold by
Mrs. Sherwood for $000 to Mr. Schwarm:
pouthwfst corner of EiliP and Gough
s-'treetF. 2Sr?<o feet, to a gentleman who will
put up a very fine house of three flats;
ih<> name of the purchaser and the price
.-.re withheld for the present; the lot and
c ttr.fre on the northwest corner of Sac-
¦ r~-:.lo and Baker stroots. 2.1 * J 4x 102:6
f*-et. sold by Mrs. W. P. Edwards to Jos
eph A. Hampton for J4j(»Q.
The Fidelity Real Estate Company re
j.'Tts «ales as follows: Lot on r-a.=t side
of Bryant street, near Twenty-fourth.
20x100." price not given: two lots on east
lirif of Church street, botween- ' Seven-
Ufr.th and Eiphternth. 27x^ each. $1100
LARGE SALES OF REALTY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Vessels Bound Up Coast
Have Hard Work Breast
ing the Norther.
Schooner La Gironde Makes the Bun
From Grays Harbor to Bedondo
Before the Gale in Steam
boat Time.
READY TO BLOW
UP BARREL ROCK
THE preparations for blowing ¦
up Shag Rock are nearly com- ¦
pleted and the big explosion -
may be expected any day. The -
tubes are all down and filled with ¦
nltro-glycerln, the wiring is near- -
ly completed and as soon as the -
superstructure and moorings are re
moved the explosion will take place.
Something went wrong with the -
arrangements yesterday and the ¦
work of destruction will be delayed -
a little. But it will not be very long ¦
now before Shag or Barrel Rock is -
wiped from the bay of San Fran-. •
Cisco. Nearly eight tor.s of explo- -
sives will be used in the operation. •
The sight is sure to be an impres- •
slve one.-
The northwester that has been raging
for several days back h-as played havoc
with the fleet bound from San Francisco
to ports between here and Puget Sound.
The wind jammers that left here during
the past week have yet to be heard from,
but the steamers and steam schooners tell
the tale. The collier Empire was six days
getting from San Francisco to Coos Bay,
while the steam schooner Noyo was three
days in reaching Fort Bragg, a distance
of less than 100 miles. The Scotia was
three days making Rockport and the
Cleone two days getting to Caspar. All
the vessels had a terrible time of it, and
their safe arrival yesterday was glad news
to the owners.
While the vessels bound north had a
hard time of it and could make little or
no progress, those that were southbound
simply flew along on the wings of the
nor'wester. The old schooner La Gironde
made the run from Grays Harbor to He
dondo in five days. This equals steamboat
time, and while it is not a record it is one
of the smartest runs made in many days.
She came down the coast wing and wing
and with double reefs in her mainsail.
It blew very hard on the bay yester
day, and the steam schooner Wewberg,
lying at Lombard-street wharf, caught it.
The wind and a cross sea nearly swamped
the vessel before she could be moved out
into the stream. The ferry-boat Berke
ley also suffered from the gale, being
driven against the end of her slip and do
ing considerable damage to the structure.
Movements of Transports.
The Wyefleld arrived from Manila via
Nagasaki yesterday. She is in ballast,
and brought up no passengers. The Gov
ernment nas rechartered her, and as soon
as she is released from quarantine she
will load for Manila again. There is an
urgent call for supplies and fodder from
the Philippines, and the regular transports
cannot supply the demand.
The passengers and soldiers on the
Sherman expected to be landed yesterday,
but were disappointed. Instead they were
taken to the quarantine station and fumi
gated. The boys of the Fourteenth In
fantry will be landed at the Presidio
wharf and will be escorted to their quar
ters by the cavalry now stationed there.
The hospital ship Missouri has been con
demned by the inspectors and the Gov
ernment has appropriated $40,000 to turn
her into a freight transport. The work of
transformation will be rushed, as the ves
sel is wanted badly by the commissariat
department of the transport service.
Water Front Notes.
Charles E. Bondrow of the firm of
Mighell & Bondrow met with a serious
accident on the ship May Flint yesterday.
He was inspecting the vessel, and in step
ping from one point to another lost his
balance and fell a considerable distance.
He was hurried to the Harbor Hospital,
where Dr. McGettigan found that he was
suffering from severe contusions of the
right side, chest and right knee. Later
Mr. Bondrow was taken to his home in
Berkeley.
The hoodlum Kangr that Infested the
ferry steamers last year has begun opera
tions again. Between 5 and 6 o'clock p. m.
they annoy and molest the passengers on
the lower decks, the deckhands being
powerless to prevent them. Captain Dun
leavy detailed ofllcers last season to travel
on the steamers and a number of arresta
followed. The same course is to be re
sumed.
The steamer Manauense Is on the dry
riock pettinp an overhauling. To-day sh«
will po to Steuart-street wharf and begin
loading for Kahulul.
Can save you money on your clothing, rubber boots, |
wearing apparel and tents. p
You can not afford to pay what other dealers ask. ||
We are recognized as the leading firm in the outfitting II
An entire floor is devoted to Nome wants. pi
M^m, , a.j. prager a 50N5- isafiaffll
¦ Clothiers furnishers matters X
' 857-8 M MARKFT opposite ¦
J , ***** v«J>7,ll/-llUltflLl POWELL - H
>^~*" >> v STRICTLY
@t \ ' RELIABLE
f *£| * DR. TALCOTT
/ A^xj*^v Diseases and Weak-
-pfM^MEN ONLY.
l\ \Jv/| ft 997 M»rkst Bt, Cor. eth.
\^ j J Entire Upper Floor.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
1/DArU Were successful at Nome last
¦\l\Ut7ll year. All others failed. » Stev-
enson Ist.. S. F.
DREDQINQ PUMPS.
nil. O« Milne. Steam Hoists. Centrlfurai Pump*.
Enrine»Aßot!era. HendyMacb.Wks..W Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Ford* freih or salt water for «luic* boxes;
?Irh or lew im*. Fimnndn. 33 Mark*: rt.
GOLT SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 113 Int.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 22) Pol-
pom «tr*<*t. Oriental Gas Enirlne Company.
SLUICE BOX^S.
Klondike champion sluice saves »rold: competi-
tion invited. 179S 15th St.. corner Guerrero.
ROCKERS.
The lightest, cheapest and proven the best for
placer work. WJIVi Mission et.
PLATES FOR SAVINO COLD.
Prnnpilein A Bnrrtdge. S Hardl* Dine*, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bunh rtrecta,
F. W. BELL. Central Platlnc Work*. iU Mu-
tton «t . R F. Phone Jes*t» Ml.
SILVER-PLATED MININO PLATES.
GET them at Denniston's San Francisco Plat-
ing Works. 552 Mission st
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know pold and save it. to handle
amaleamatlr.tr plates, etc.. Central Park.
GROCERIES .*ND PROVISIONS.
Outfit* packed. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard
508 Fourth. IJC2 Polk and 1441 Stockton. 3. F.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BfRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. W«shlnrtot»
an 4 lvt ft*.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
GASOLINR E^fJINES
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is nilln«;
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First St.. S. F.
TENTS AND I OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, baca> tent*,
covers. II and 13 California at.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
AM I A WIZ? YOU BET I /Mi
The Superb Comic Opera,
The Wizard
of the Nile.
E\/EINirNGS /\T Q.
POPULAR PRICES. 23c and SOc
Telephone Bush 9.
J]\ "f* LJ t? jS "T" DIT * A 9>
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK-
PICTURESQUE PRODUCTION.
EXTRA MATINEE DEWEY DAY.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
ltt-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
E. A. FISrHER. Prop. | GEO. SSOOSER Mgr.
THE HAND3O.HSST MUSiC HALL IS AKE2ICAI
...WEEK OP APRIL 53...
Entire Change of Programme!
LA TR AVI ATA
(CAVILLE)
GREAT LOMBARDI OPERA QUARTETTE.
SIOSOR BADAHACCO SISrORA BARD7CCI
SIONO&'KA FOLLSTmi SIGNOSIUA PUSSEEI
BENOR VA3GAS SIGKOHINA SAL7IM
MISS LILLIAN SHERWOOD.
AUGUST HINRICHS- SUPERD ORCHESTRA-
ADMISSION. 10 CENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
APRIL, n TO MAY 5. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing; Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connective
with trains stopping at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved fop
ladies and their escorts: no smokin*. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo aveauo
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Pan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
THE C. F. KAPP COMPANY
CONCERT HALL,
Corner Golden Gate Aye. and Market St.
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
EVERY NIGHT! EVERY NIGHT!
ADMISSION FREE.
GLEN PARK.
TO-MORROW! TO-MORROW! TO-MORROW!
TUNNEL DAY!
THE SLIDE FOR LIFE!
MAMMOTH VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
BALLOON ASCENSION!
San Mateo cars, or Miss!on-*t. cars Tla tha
Bosworth-st. Tunnel O«"t completed).
10 Cents ADMISSION 10 Cents.
FAMILY RESORT-EL GAMPO.
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-flve minutes' ride on the bay In that
large magnificent steamer. Ukiah. Dancing,
bowling fishing, boating, plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. 13 cent* for the round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children between
S and 12 years of age 13 cents.
Leave Tlburon ferry, foot ot Market street.
10:(0 a. m.. 1 and * p. m. Leave El Campo
11:45 a. m.. S »nd 5 p. m.
7Look out for the special
Mayday edition of The Call —
it will appear on Sunday,
April 29.
SCOTT RETAINS
HIS SEAT IN
THE SENATE
Only Three Votes Against
the West Virginia
Member.
Chandler Gives Notice That He Will
on Wednesday Call Up the
Case of Clark of
Montana.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The Senate
to-day voted upon the resolution declar
ing Nathan li. Srott to be entitled to
his seat in the Senate from West Vir
ginia. Th» motion of Pettus that the re
port and resolution be recommitted to the
committee for full investigation was de
feated without division. The resolution
of the comittee declaring that Scott
•was entitled to retain his seat in the Sen
ate was then adopted. 52 to 3, the votes
in the negative being cast by Morgan,
Pettus and Turner.
Chandler gave notice that on next Wed
nesday, he would ask the Senate to take
up thf> rape of Senator Clark of Mon
tana, adding that if no one should desire
to epeak in opposition to the report of the
committee, he would have nothing to say
in support of it. Allen expressed the
hope that the Senate would not be asked
to act upon this case until the Senators
would have an opportunity to read the
testimony. In view of the fact that the
committee had taken two or three months
to investigate the subject he did not con
sider it fair that the Senate should be
asked to cMsDOse of the matter within
two or three days' notice. Such a re
quest was ridiculous in any tribunal.
Char-dler replied that he had no desire
to preps consideration of the cafie unduly
and while he did not withdraw his notice,
to cail the case up on Wednesday, he said
there would be no disposition to press
the resolution In a way to Impair the
rights of any one. The ca»e could be
postponed if euch disposition was thought
Lett. Thlfl explanation of the attitude of
the chairman of the Committee on Elec
tion* appeared to be satisfactory and the
Senate took up the Alaskan bill.
Rauiins of Ltah spoke on the right of
Bliens in mining locations, advocating the
elimination of section 7S of the code bill
end supporting in the main Carter's
amendment. His argument was devoted
to showing that under the decisions of
I Cape Nome}
I Blankets §
# AND S
I Underwear! 1
Q. The right kinds and the right <J
S weights. All-Wool Blankets, &
9 from 5 pounds to 16 pounds, in S
* scarlet, gray, brown and blue. S
S A large assortment of the right O
x kind of Underwear and Over- 8
g shirts, in light and heavy weights. 8
o also linen Mosquito Canopies. »
g Call and examine our goods; Sj;
r» you will find the prices right. S
I C. CURTIN, I
I 911 and 913 M-BKET SIREfcT. §
tne courts aliens had no rights as against
citizens in the locations of mining claims.
To concede the rights to aliens to locate
must afford to the Inhabitants of Siberia
the opportunity to invade our shores and
locate all the mineral lands on the Amer
ican shore of Rchring Sea. thus shutting
out our own citizens entirely from the
vast and rich mining field.
HOUSE BREAKS A RECORD.
Ninety-One Private Pension Bills
Passed in One Day.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The House
broke all records to-day by passing ninety
one pension bills. Among them was one to
pension at the rate of $40 per month the
widow of the late Colonel John M. Stotz
enberg of the First Nebraska, who was
killed in the Philippines. The conference
rr-port on the Hawaiian Government bill
was adopted and now goes to the Presi
dent.
Loud of California arose to a question
of personal privilege and complained that
in connection with the debate on the post
office appropriation bill yesterday Fitz
gerald of Massachusetts had injected into
the record words not spoken in debate
which reflected upon him (Loud). He
complained that Fitzgerald had persist
ently misrepresented him on other occa
sions. Some of his characterizations •of
Fitzgerald were personal and severe.
The Massachusetts member made a spir
ited rejoinder, stating that he' had exer
cised the usv'al privilege of revising his
remarks.
The matter was disposed of when at the
request of Fitzgerald the matter objected
to by Loud was stricken out.
M'KINLEY AND MILES.
Proposed Ticket Advocated by Lead
ing Republicans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— 1n view of
the announcement made by Governor
Roosevelt that he will not become a Vice
Presidential candidate and of the prospect
that a naval hero may be at the head or
the tail of the Democratic ticket, promi
nent Republican politicians are consider
ing Major General Nelson A. Miles as a
running mate for McKinley. Senator
Warren of Wyoming called attention to
day to an undercurrent in his favor
among Senators. Major General Miles,
when asked this afternoon if he were
willing to become Vice Presidential can
didate, replied that he must be put down
as non-commitaJ.
"I'm not talking politics now," he said.
His reticence is not taken as an indica
tion that he would refuse the nomination.
Presidential Nominations.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The President
Bent the following nominations to the
Senate:
To be commissioners of the District of Co
lumbia—Henry B. F. McFarland of the Dis
trict of Columbia and John \V. Ross of the
DlFtrict of Columbia.
To be secretary of the legation ot the United
States at Guatemala, Sidney B. Everett of
Massachusetts.
To be attorney for the United States for the
eastern district of Louisiana, .William Hmert
How» of Louisiana.
To be a captain In the navy. Commander
James H. Dayton.
•
Hanna May Again Accept.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 27.— General
Charles F. Dick, in an interview, here, is
quoted as saying that he felt certain that
Senator Hanna would accept the chair
manship of the National Committee and
would direct McKlnley's campaign for re
election.
DEATH OF MRS. WINANS.
Was thjs First White Child Born in
Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BANTA ANA. April 27.— Mrs. Susan
Simmons-Winans, the first white person
born in the city of Chicago and the last
survivor of the Fort Dearborn massacre
by the Pottawatomies. died thiß morning
at the residence of her daughter, Mrs
L. K. Glenn, at the corner of Parton and
Hickey streets, this city.
Deceased was 88 years of age and death
was due to the infirmities of old age. Mrs.
Wlnans leaves three children living in
this city— Mrs. L. K. Glenn, D. C. Winans
and W. B. Winans— and three others are
living in lowa. : .;
Mrs. Stokes to Be Divorced.
NEW YORK. April 27.— A motion to
confirm the report of referees in the ac
tion for divorce brought by Mrs. Rita
Stokes against W. E. D. Stokes was made
before Judge Blschoff to-day. There was
no opposition and the Judge said he
would confirm the report. The decree
submitted tor the Judge's signature
grants absolute divorce and permits Mrs.
Stokes to marry again. She Is to receive
$12,000 a year alimony and Is given cus
tody ot th.eir only child,
INDICTED FOR
THE KIDNAPING
OF KIM QUET
True Bills Returned by
Saata Clara Grand
Jury.
Persons Who Must Stand Trial Are
Deputy Constable Harris, Jus
tice Dyer and Wong
Ling Ding.
?
Ereeial Dispatch to The Call.
BAN JOSE, April 27.— Active prosecution
against the participants in the Palo Alto
kidnaping case was launched this morn
ing by the Grand Jury returning indict
ments against Deputy Constable Tom
Harris, Justice Dyer of Palo Alto, Wong
Ling Ding, who subsequently; married the
girl, and Wong Fong. The charge is kid
naping.
The Grand Jury has been invesigating
tho matter for the past two weeks and
was greatly aid'-d by the Palo Alto com
mittee and District Attorney Campbell.
Many witnesses were called, including two
young ladies who were supposed to be
with Htrrington at the time of the out
rage perpetrat.-d <*i Miss Cameron and the
Chinese girl, but they strenuously denied
they were the parties.
Deputy Constable Harris was arrested
this morning and taken before Judge L#or-'
igan. He gave bonds in the sum of $3000
for his attendance in court, and his ar
raignment was set for next Wednesday.
Justice Dyer is In. Palo Alto and will give
bonds. Wong Fong, one of the Chinese
indicted, is In the County Jail awaiting
trial on the charge of abduction preferred
at Mayiield, but the whereabouts of Wong
lAng Ding is not known.
No charges were returned against At
torney 15. A. Herrington and Watchman
Dunsmoor of I'alo Alto, although the' mat
ter was Investigated. It Is said Herring
ton's political "pull" helped to save him.
This afternoon a warrant charging Her
rington with kidnaping was issued in Jus
tice Van Buren's court at Maytteld, and
he- at once left for there to give bonds.
This warrant is said to be the result of
the failure of the Grand Jury to act. The
prosecution of all the participants in the
kidnaping of Kirn Quey will be actively
pushed by the ccmmiitte in charge of the
matter. It is lelieved there is sufficient
evidence to convict all of them.
It is reported that the committee has
evidence that two weeks before the kid
naping Herrington approached two pri
vate detectives in this city and asked
them to .take part in the outrage. He
was willing to take them in as equal part
ners and divide the proceeds. He told
them the Chinese owed him $275 and they
would get this, besides which the woman
could be subsequently sold for $700 or $800,
and they would get a good rake oft on the
price.
The Grand Jury also returned another
indictment against Attorney Samuel B.
Tcrrill, who is nov. in jail awaiting trial
on some half-dozen other indictments. The
charge is forgery. It found that on April
2s. 1897. Terrill secured $2GO from Eddie
15unny of Xew Almaden by means of a
note to which he had forged the name of
R. J. Mclntyre. It is alleged no such per
son as Mclntyre exists.
I WILL PLAGE ON SALE THIS MORNING |
I 200 DOZEN 1
Lies' lite anfl Colored Sit Waists. I
8 Direct from thi leading manufacturers of New York. §
§ THEY ARE THE LATEST STYLES. §
| LATEST COLORINGS. |
I Prices ranging from 50c to $3. 8
I LADIES' BLACK AND BLUE APPLIQUE SUITS, va!u; *«~ C A 8
g for 525, will be offered at * i /.DU |
§ LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, light and dark tans, <£ 7 -/\ §j
o value for $10, will be offered at , v'»wU w
LI 146 Market Street. |
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦
TRANS-ATLANTIC TRAVELERS
' Furnished Special Attendants by the
Pennsylvania System.
The bureau of attendants for trarfs-Atlantlc
travelers established in Jersey City and New
York City twenty years ago by the Pennsyl-
vania System, has proven a great convenience
to persons making European trips and to
tourists arriving In America at that port. It
will be particularly convenient for visitors to
the Paris Exposition because the departure
docks of most of the Atlantic Steamship Lines
are convenient to the new Jersey City Passen-
ger Station of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company.
This bureau consists of experienced agents
whose duties are to meet passengers arriving
in Jersey City and New York over the Penn-
sylvania Lines and assist them in arranging
for trans-A»lantlc trips via any of the steam-
ship lines by conducting them to steamships
and aiding in preparations for a trip abroad.
These agents will provide cabs operated by
the Pennsylvania System and aid passengers
with their baggage They are fully posted on
matters pertaining to steamships leaving New
York, and arrangements can be made through
them for procuring steamship tickets In ad-
vance.
They also meet Incoming steamships to aid
travelers In shaping details for continuing
Journeys from New York over the Pennsyl-
vania Lines by furnishing tickets, arranging
for the. transfer of baggage from steamship
docks after It has been passed by customs In-
spectors, ahd having the sam,e checked through
to destination. They will reserve sleeping car
accommodations and relieve persons of the
foregoing details, making themselves useful as
attendants and guides free of charge.' I:--;
Farther Information on the subject may be
obtained by addressing Ai S. T. HOLT. Pacific
Coast Agent, No. 20 Montgomery St.. San
Francisco. C&L
Fish Nets Destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 27.— Twenty-five
hundred dollars' worth of fish nets were
destroyed last nig-ht off Red Rock in San
Pablo Bay. The nets were the property
of the King Ow Yong combine of Chinese
fishermen who ply their vocations at Point
San Pedro. The nets were set last night
in accordance with the usual custom and
this morning they were discovered when
hauled up to have been cut to ribbons by
Borne unVnown hands. .The King Oy
Yonp fishermen are Inclined to ' Place the
blame for the damage on the Suey Ow,
the lone company which is fighting the
five associations banded together under
King Ow Yong. The cutting of .the nets
is a peculiarly effective means of putting
a stop to a rival's fishing and is unique in
tho history of the shrimp fisheries.
?
Murder or Suicide.
ABILENE. Kans., April 27.— The body
of John Blagg, a prominent Farmers* Al
liance lecturer, was found in the Solomon
River near here to-day. The body had
evidently been In the water several days.
Whether it is a case of murder or suicide
is not known. Blagg was a prosperous
farmer.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails I
on Application.
COAL. COKB AM) Pld IROX
1 C WII «t Cf\ io ° Battery Street.
J» V- nU-JUtl tt YUm Telephone Main lift*.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSKPH FOX, Eopt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C W CMITH Bhlp Plumbing. Steamboat
\r If • Oliilllli and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and U Washington st. Telephone Mala £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC Rrt YFS & ffl Shipping Butchers. IM
JA> BUIEOtt tU» clay. TeL Mala U94.
PAPER DEALERS.
Till I 4HFTTF PCLP AND PAPER CO..
W ILL Ail'C I IE ra Montgomery st
psurrufo.
E-C fIUORES. m-ggg-a.,..
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Teigrraphio PARTR I DfiE "« CaMfonUa
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, t^SlacS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its ORGEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is th» Beat Coal tn Ute
market. Office and Tards— 4so Mala street.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LlSil
WtW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAHI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
• From New Tork every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Louis May 21 St. Louis May 23
New York May 3' New York May 30
St Paul MaylSlSt Paul June «
RED STAR. LIME.
New Yorlr arjd Antwero.
From New York every "Wednesday, 13 noon.
Noordland May 2 Westernland May "3
Frteeland May 9 Kensington May ao
Southwark May 16 Noordland June «
EAIPIR£ LINE.
8. S. Ohio, from San Francisco. May 15 and
from Seattle, May 21. to Nome and St. Michael
Subsequent sailings June 30. July 31. August »0
First and second class passage. No steerage '
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agents.
P^PHSSS^ Tn * 8 - a Australia
U ss-— >». 19<w - at 2p. m.
Q+<<l_r-7\Q +< <l_r-7\ The S. S. Alameda
;j\tWmsn Qj «"» via Honolulu and
Auckland for Sydney
(p"lB3ftH~ Wednesday. May 1«.
at 8 p. tn.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues,
England, etc.: {610 first class.
2. 0. SPKECKELS & B<toS.Co..Aqts.. 114 Montqomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Fraisht 0ff1c5.327 Markit St
HOSH3OS UNEfssftSsiS
i 3SRAPIS .4000 Tons
ilon'hlj sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
| via M ezi'j.'.n ports. Central, South America, etc.
• S. 3. CCTAYIA SAILS ABOUT If AY 10.
j. d. grnnraiLH a nr.os. n>_. j*»u. im Ji«nt«p»f. r » si
Her N.7-»r.lrkt OWf..:j: B»Hnl Sl.. San FrurU
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS . SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHEKBOIJRO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHEHBOUUO
AND HAMUIfRO.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 ffdw'r, NY.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'s passengers on application.
HERZOO & CO.. Oen. Asrts. for PaeWr Const
101 California at., corner fc'unseme, S. F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W Steamers leave Broadway
VgV^ wharf, San Francisco:
P2*VffSv For Alaskan ports— ll a. m.,
KX^^^Bg^ May 1. Ohansre to company*
t&SM«E3 steamers at Seattle.
t&££SjN|l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fJXfLZ^tT',,-!,] C. ). Port Townaend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Ever»tt. Anacortea
jgl and New Whatcom (W*ah.>—
~* 10 a. tn.. May 1 and every
fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle to th!«
company's steamers for Alaska and O N Ry *
at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— lo a. m.. April
29. May 4 and every fifth day then»aft«r.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cfcy-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo) Gavtota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—*
a. m.. April 13. May 4 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfort
(San Luis Obixpo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo«
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— H a. m..
April 2T, May 1 and every fourth day there*
after.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo»« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — Id a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves tho right to Changs
steamer*, sailing dates and hour* of sailing
w''V'"' T"«>vlrnii« notice.
TICKET OmCE-4 New Montgomery
stret-t i Pit, ace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., G«n. Agwxta,
10 Market St.. Ban F*randsc
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEJAMXR3 TO
PORTLAND
From Sc»ar-street at 19 a. m.
FARF £l 2 r" 1 " 1 Claat Includlnr Berth
IAnC SS Second Class and MmS.
COLUMBIA sails April ». May i, 11. 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...May S, 13. S3
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market «t.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WIIARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 n m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board en day
ot sailing.
•SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, May Uth."1309
S3. IIONGKONO MARU "^7..
Thursday, June lttn.'lJO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
fretsht and passage apply at company's, office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COX7A3NIE tINEHALE TBaHSaTLA HTIQ.CS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -«^
Sailing every Thursday instea.l of <£^T??\
Saturday, from November 2. 1839 at
I H> a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
I Mnrton St.. LA BRETAGNE. May f LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10: LA QASCOGNE Ma)
17; L'AQUITAINE. May 24. Flrst-cla»» ti
Havre. IM) and upward; a per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. U>; s p^r
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3 AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY " AND EIVEE STEAJSEEB3.
FOR 0. S. HAYY YAiD^ND^fmijar^
Steamer "ftloatic«Uo."
MON.. Tues. Weil., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43 J
a. m.; 3:lj. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frl-'
days. 1 d. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. &
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 8W
It will do all you claim for it; in fact, Paine's Celery Compound is the only
tonic medicine that will cure the nervous and broken-down."
REVENUE CUTTER WILL
PURSUE THE ALPHA
Officers Instructed to Seize Her if
She Attempts to Land at
Nome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C., April 27.— Two
United States revenue officers left this
afternoon for the north by the steamer
Cottage City. They will land at Sitka,
and have orders to take whichever of
Uncle Sam's revenue cutters that hap
pens to be in port for as quick a trip
as can be made to Cape Nome. They are
after the Canadian steamer Alpha, which
is expected to attempt to land freight
and passengers at Cape Nome, in viola
tion of the United States customs laws.
These provide that no foreign vessel may
land freight at other than a subport of
entry. The orders of the officials who
left to-day are to seize tho Alpha and
bring her back to Seattle, passengers and
all, if she tries to land at Nome.
The Alpha cleared from here, ostensibly
for St. Michael, but that was simply a
blind. Her captain expected to land at
Nome without any interference. The
Alpha's going to St. Michael is practi
cally out of the question, for the ice
will not be out of the mouth of the Yu
kon until June 15, and if she were caught
in the ice floe she would be more apt
to be carried to the coast of Siberia .than
anywhere else. '
, The Alpha has 300 American passengers
on board. She is an old boat, and the
fares taKen were three times her value.
It is said that the captain will run her
UDon the beach for eood if he has trouble
about landing. The owners of the steam
er here say that they have a permit from
Washington to pail their vessel from Se
attle hereafter without changing her reg
istry.
Death of Allen Henry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO, April 27.-At 5:45 this evening
Allen Henry died, aged 64 years. Deceased
came to California in 1865, located In
Butte County and engaged In farming.
He was the first farmer to start the
system of summer fallowing, -which Is
the only method of farming on adobe
lands. Up to eight years ago Mr. Henry
engaged extensively in farming and stock
raising, but of recent years failing health
forced him to retire. Deceased was three
times sent to the Legislature from this
county, being a member of that body
when the normal school was located in
this city. He leaves a wife, two sons
and one daughter, all residents of this
city.
MORE COOLIES ARRIVE.
Steamer Olympia Has a Mixed Cargo
From the Orient.
TACOMA, Wash., April 27.— The steamer
Olympia arrived from Yokohama to-day
with a cargo of freight and 212 Japanese
and forty-two Chinese, the latter being
landed at Port Townsend. On many of
the passports of the Japanese was the
stamp of the sanitary inspector at Hono
lulu, showing they intended going there,
but were shut out.
WALES IS GRATEFUL.
Replies to Congratulations on His
Escape From Assassination-
LONDON, April 27.— The Prince of
Wales acknowledges the sympathy and
congratulations from all parts of the
world on his recent escape from assassi
nation in a letter just made public, as fol
lows:
I have been deeply touched by the numerous
expressions of sympathy and good will ad
dressed to me upon the occasion of the prov
idential escape of the Princess of Wales and
myself from the danrer we have lately passed
through. From every quarter of the Rlobe,
from the Queen's subjects throughout the world
as well as from representatives and Inhabitants
of foreign countries have these manifestations
proceeded, and on my return to this country I
received a welcome so spontaneous and hearty
that I felt I was the recipient of the most
gratifying tribute of genuine good will. Such
a proof of kind and generous feeling Is.
naturally, most highly prized by me and will
be forever cherished In my memory.
ALBERT EDWARD.
RIVET HEATERS STRIKE.
Two Hundred Boys at Allegheny Car
Works Quit Work.
PITTSBURG, April 27.— Two hundred
boys employed at the pressed steel car
works In Allegheny, who struck yester
day for an increase in wages, with several
hundred companions assembled near the
plant to-day and paraded up and down the
street, hooting and howling at the work
men. The boys were employed as rivet
heaters and are striking for an advance
of 15 cents a day and a helper. Ninety
five men who work on- the ateel presses
and forty axle turners have also quit. The
steel pressers want $1 65 for a ten-hour
day, and the axle turners' grievance is
over the employment of non-union men.
The plant is still in operation. Special of
ficers have been placed about the com
pany's property, and this afternoon every
thing was, quiet, the strikers having be«n
dispersed.
MOTHER GENERAL DEAD.
Head of the Sisters of the Order of
Holy Cross Passes Away.
SOUTH BEND, Ind., April 27.— Mother
M. Annunciata, mother general of the Sis
ters of the Order of the Holy Cross, died
to-day of heart disease. The funeral will
be held at St. Mary's Academy on Tues
day. Her name was Margaret McCaffery.
She was born in 1843, and educated in
Philadelphia. She received the habit of
the order in ISCO, and took the final vows
live years later. In 1895 she became
mother general of the order.
Sir John Bridge Dead.
LONDON. April 27.— Sir 'John Bridge,
the former Chief Police Magistrate of
London, is dead. He was born in 1824.
was educated at Trinity College, Oxford,
was called to the bar in 1850, was appoint
ed Chief Police Magistrate at the Bow
street police station in 1872 and was Chief
Police Magistrate for London to ISS9. In
1890 he received the honor of knighthood.
VICTORIA'S RETURN
TO WINDSOR CASTLE
Cheering Thousands Witness the Land
ing of the British Sovereign at
Holyhead.
HOW THE QUEEN WAS CONVEYED ABOARD SHIP.
LONDON, April 27. — Thousands of persons this morning witnessed the land
ing of th^ Queen at Holyhead. where she arrived yesterday on her return
from Ireland. The royal special train started southward at 11 o'clock
amid an enthusiastic demonstration. On the arrival of her Majesty at
Chester the Mayor and corporation of that place presented her with an
address. Her Majesty left Chester amid loud cheering and the singing of the
national anthem by some 4000 children who had been mustered on the plat
form. Greetings of a similar character were given whenever the train made a
stop. The Queen arrived at Windsor Castle at 5:25 p. m.
OPENING OF
EPWORTH LEAGUE
CONVENTION
Hearty Greeting Extended
to Delegates at Pacific ;
Grove.
Session Began With a Praise Service,
After Which Committees Were
Appointed and Reports^
Heard.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 27.— The tenth
annual convention of the California Ep
worth League (San Francisco District),
opened In this city this afternoon. 'The
delegates, the greater part of which ar
rived on the 1:50 p. m. train, were met at
Castroville by the assignment commit
tee/ and each was assigned to quarters
for the convention. At Del Monte, the
reception committee, at the head or
which is Mrs. R. 11. Willey, president of
the Pacific Grove League, boarded -the
train to welcome the delegates and escort
them to Pacific Grove.
Upon their arrival at the grove, they
were received by well nigh the entire local
league and given a hearty and enthusias
tic welcome.
The first session of the convention was
opened at 3 p. m. with a praise service
conducted by Mrs. R. H. Willey. after
which the business of organization, ap
pointment of committees, officers reports
and other routine business was gone
through. H. D. Smith of Santa Cruz
presided during the session.
The Pacific Grove League entertained
the. visiting delegates as well as the
Christian Endeavor societies and clergy
of Pacific Grove and Monterey, with a re
ception and banquet at 5 p. m. Covers
were laid for 300 and the occasion was one
of unusual brilliancy, some of the best
speakers In the Methodist church of Cal
ifornia responding to toasts. The banquet
hall was elaborately decorated with red
and white flowers and ferns and stream
ers of red and white ribbon were visible
everywhere. ,
The main session of the day was opened
by H. I. Smith at 8 p. m., and was notable
for the address of welcome to the dele
pates delivered by Hon. B. A. Eardley of
Pacific Grove, and the response thereto
by H. D. Smith of Santa Cruz. Three
other addresses closed the session, Rev.
H. E. Milnes of Santa Cruz speaking of
the "Epworth League of 1900," Rev. C. E.
Winning of Los Gatos of the leagues
missionary work, and Dr. John A. «.
Wilson of San Francisco of the "Practical
Side of Deaconess Work."
The sessions of the convention are be
ing held in the old Assembly Hall, the
new building being as yet uncompleted.
The decorations in the hall are very
elaborate, streamers of red and -white rib
bons, (the Epworth League colors),
mingled with cypress and live oak, and
handsome floral designs. An American
flag also occupies a prominent place over
the platform. The convention will con
tinue its session for three days.
THE SPRING MEDICINE
gives new life and substance to the nerve and
muscie tissues, restores strength and
vitality to the human system.
Care and constant strain of work has first effect upon
the nerves. Without strong nerves the stomach, liver
and kidneys are weakened, the blood is impoverished,
the energy of the body is wasted and disease is liable-
GEORGE H. GRAVES, La Crosse, Wis., writes:
"Paine's Celery Compound is the greatest spring medicine on the face of
this earth. I am taking it this spring with even better results than ever before.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
HAS NOT HEARD
OF EXCLUSION
OF FRESH HEAT
German Foreign Office Be
lieves the Newspapers
JbrrecL
Asserts That It Would Have Been
Notified at Once Had Prince
Hohenlohe Taken Such.
Action.
»
BERLIN, April 27.— The German For-
elgn Office has no information regarding:
the alleged order of Prince Hohenlohe to
the North German Lloyd Steamship Com
pany forbidding the company, under ar
ticle 26 of the subvention contract, to
make further importations of and to land
in German, Dutch or Belgian ports fresh
ly slaughtered meats, butter, dairy prod
ucts or cereals. The Foreign Office dis
credits the story. United States Embasi
sador White says he has heard nothing
regarding the matter except what has ap
peared in the German press and he be
lieves that he would have been immediate
ly informed had any such order been is
sued. For this reason he disbelieves the
statement of the Vorwaerts and the Nu
remberg Tage Post.
To-day Mr. White called upon Count
Bulow, the Foreign Secretary, and hand
ed him a copy of United States Consul
General Mason's report upon the exports
to the United States during the last quar
ter. Count yon Bulow was much interest
ed in noting the large increase. To-mor
row Mr. White wlllycall upon him again
and lay before him proof that American
exports to Germany consist very largely
of commodities Indispensable to Germans.
DOUBT THAT GERMANY
HAS EXCLUDED MEATS
State Department Officials Not "Will
ing to Accept the Berlin Story
as True.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— Not having
had any sort of official notice of an in
tention on the part of the German Gov
ernment to add to the difficulties of the
negotiations respecting the admission of
;i.merican meat products into Germany by
the issue of an order excluding freshly
slaughtered meats and dairy products,
the State Department; officials are unwill
ing to accept as accurate the statement
attributed to some of the German news
papers to the effect that the North Ger
man Lloyd Steamship Company had been
enjoined not to bring such products to
German ports.
But even if such an order has been
made, while it undoubtedly would tend to
accentuate the growing feeling in the
United States over the repeated attacks
on American commerce, it is realized
that the German Government has, legally
speaking, an undoubted right to deal at
its pleasure with a corporation of its own
creation, such as this steamship company.
Were the same rule attempted to be ap
plied to other than German vessels, and
especially to vessels under the American
flag, the case would take on a very dif
ferent aspect, as there would be an op
portunity for the exercise of some very
vigorous diplomacy.
As it is, the impression here is that the
principal sufferer from such an order
would be the German steamship com
pany, for so long as American meats are
not absolutely excluded from Germany
they find their way across the ocean in
vessels of other nationalities.
NOT MEANT FOR AMERICA.
Exclusion Order Pertains to Chinese
and Australian Products.
NEW YORK, April 27.— Gustave H.
Schwab, manager of the North German
Lloyd line American agency, said to-day
in reference to the action of Prince yon
Hohenlohe in interdicting the Importation
into Germany or Dutch or Belgian ports
of pork and other products' by the com
pany that the edict did not apply to Amer
ican provisions. The ruling applied to the
importations from China and Australia, as
the steamships of the North German
Lloyd line plying to those countries are
Buosldized by the German Government,
while those running to the United States
are not subsidized.
8
AKTICLKS. .' Open. Ilieh. Low. (Close.
Wheat No. 1 —
April ...i. ..... 655&
May i. :...:. , &"> 7 4 66% 63% Co
July 67% 67% 67% 67? i
September 68? i 65% 65% 65%
Corn No. 2—
April 39H
May 39»4 «H Z r j%, 3S-%
July ; 40% 41% 40"* 40%
September 41% 41% 41% «Vi
Oats No. 2—
May 23H 23% 22*4 23
July 23% 23% 23V* 23^
September 22,4 22H 22? i 22H
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 63 12 75 12 60 • 12 72>,J
July 12 80 12 92% 12 77% 12 87%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 7 20- 735 720 7 32U
July 725 740 725 7 37%
September 723 7 37% 725 733
Short Ribs, 100 lbs.
May 693. 707% 695 707%
July 7 02% 7 12% 700 7 12%
September 700 7 07% 700 7 07%
ARTICLES. • |ReceJpts-.|
| Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 12.000
IVheat. bushels 18,000
¦?orn, bushels 108,000
)ats, bushels 165,000
Rye. bushels 3.000
Barley, bushels 19.000
15,000
32.000
215.000
357,000
3.o<K>
10.000Don't miss next Sunday's
Call. It will contain afiulpage
of photographs of the little
tots — most of them in cos-
tume — who will take part in
the coming Mayday celebra-
tion.
PLANS TO SELL WATER
T0 THREE OTHER CITIES
Public Utilities Committee Will In
vite Oakland, Sacramento and
Stockton to Inspect Tahoe.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities decided last night to invite the
Mayors of Sacramento, Oakland and
Stockton to join in the Inspection of the
Lake Tahoe water system on June 8 next.
It was deemed advisable to take this
course because it has been practically
agreed. that the proposition to supply this
city from that source will be accepted
when the time is ripe for the acquisition
of a municipal water system. It will be
possible to dispose of some of the supply
to the three cities named.
Commissioner Manson of the Board of
Public Works said there were at least six
supplies that could be favorably consid
ered—Spring Valley, Lake Tahoe; Yuba
River, Blue Lakes and the north Fork of
the American River. , ¦
El Campo.
I-ast Sunday, when the wind proved so
disagreeable in the city, there was hardly
a breath of air stirring at El Campo
across the bay. About: fifteen hundred
were scattered about the place, making
hardly a noticeable showing In the com
modious grounds. There is music with
dancing and a good time generally, every
Sunday. <• J
Fire Department Horseshoeing.
A notice was served on Auditor Wells
yesterday by Attorney Choynski request
ing that he refuse to audit any bills for
horseshoeing or supplies incurred by the
Fire Commission unless the charter pro
vision that all contracts for supplies shall
be let to the lowest responsible bidder be
obeyed. Choynski claims that the
commission has favored one horse-
Bhoer for some time, but Jhat It
had decided to divide the work
among five horseshoers in the future. The
Auditor states that the charter must be
obeyed or he will not sign the bills for
supplies or shorseshoeing.
POSTUM CEREAL.
HARD TO BELIEVE.
Effects cf Coffee on Human Beings.
"Every time that I indulged, even in
a weak cup of col Tec, I suffered with a
i terrible headache and disordered stom-
I ach. Ten months ago I quit coffee al-
1 together and took up Postum Food
I Coffee. 1 have no tnore headaches; am
very much stronger and in better fl^sh
thzn I was before I bejjan. I ca*n work-
hard a!! day without feeling tired at all.
"Before 1 drank Postum I got so tired
at my work that I had to lie down in
the afternoon. Occasionally I would
fair.t away. A !ady friend, an author,
she would not be without Postum
Food Coffee for anything in the world.
She uses it three times a day and says
i: keeps her mind clear and bright and
her body healthy.
'Another friend, a lady who is a crip-
7<!e and has been an invalid for a long
while, took up Postum Coffee about
two years ago. She has gained many
pounds, and her flesh is now hard and
firm. It is natural we should sing the
praises of Postum." Miss Ida M. For-
ney, 24 Highland avenue, Melrose
Highlands, Mass.
It will be observed from the above
fhat each person shoivcd an increase in
sturdy strength, brought about by leav-
ng off coffee and the use of Postum
7ood Coffee. The reason for this ex*
jcricnce is that the poisonous alkaloids
:ont2ined in regular coffee prostrated
r he nervous system, bringing on all
sorts of aches and ails, and disintegrat-
ing the dedicate cells in the nerve cen-
ters, destroying and throwing out the
elements absolutely required by Nature
for maintaining good, sound nervous
strength and health.
When coffee is discontinued. Nature
seeks to set i:p a healing and repair the
damage. The efforts of Nature arc
powerfully aided by certain elements in
Postum Food Coffee which come from
parts of the field grain, selected espe-
cially for the purpose by the makers
of Po?tum. One of the principal
elements is phosphate of potash — a
delicate, microscopic product used by
the system in combination with albu-
men 01" the food to m.il:c up the cells in
the nerve centers of the human body.
There :s a well defined reason why peo-
ple can add greatly to their strength
?nd health by leaving off coffee and
t:<=ing Postum Food Coffee. :
DR. CLAMPETT SPEAKS ON
IRELAND AND THE IRISH
Lectures on the Life and Conditions
of the Country Before a Large
Audience.
Dr. Clampett, rector of Trinity Church,
entertained a large audience last night
at the auditorium hall in the Younf?
Men's Christian Association building and
spoke on the subject of "Ireland and the
Irish."
He illustrated his lecture by large lan
tern slides, many of which were beautiful
pictures of Irish life and scenery. All
that was characteristic of the Irish peo
ple was brought out in the address, which
was both Interesting- and instructive. Dr.
Clampett kept the attention of his au
dience to the very last moment, and
showed a brood, intelligent consideration
of the problems which beset Ireland to
day.
weather. Edward Gorham, Edward Doherty,
Frank Thayer.
Captains— Hazel Baxter, Alma Peterson. Pau
line Bauer. Estelle Barron. Mildred Samuels,
Fairfax Reardon, Ernest Hoidtman, William
Hale, Charles Burrows, Joseph Ktnlon.
FAIRMOUNT GRAMMAR SCHOOL.'
Majors— Florence Furrer, Clara Lindsley, Ad
die Williams.
Captains— Frank Miller. Erna Buckstedt, Etta
Edwards, Alfred Hamerton.
HANCOCK GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Majors — Ralph Crawford, Wanda Konlg.
Captains— Philip Katz, Laura Scatena.
HORACE MANN GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Captains— R. Tozer, C. Purington, R. Moray,
C. McCrystal. 11. Corcoran. C. Turner, E.
Crowley, Lizette Wetgon, Anna Herbst.
GOLDEN GATE SCHOOL.
Majors— Carl Benciel, Jame3 Margraf, George
Geantit. Frank Thompson.
Capt.iins— liernar.l AhPrne. Benjamin Mc-
Phun, Etta Friedman, Julia Stein. James Don
ovan. Ethel Craumcr, Clara Hlrsch.
Leader of receiving class — Hubert Fraynor.
JEFFERSON SCHOOL.
Majors— Lulu Houston. Nettie Manuel. Willie
Graff, Ottie McGowan, Peter Claudianos, Oscar
Simon. ?
IRVING SCHOOL.
Captains— Josephine Tresch, Edward Wil
liams.
HENRY DURANT SCHOOL.
Captains — George Hearst, George Catlet, Al
ert Ramse. .
Leader of receiving class^ — Carl Basch.
TEABODY PRIMARY SCHOOL.
Captains — Clara January, Cora White, George
Halnes, Leo Williams.
STARR KING SCHOOL.
Majors— Elsie Maroney, August Bruns.
Captains— Leah Feitelbergr, Harry Nelson.
BERXAL PRIMARY SCHOOL.
Captains— "William Schlndle, Rosle McDonald
CHINESE PR6IAHY SCHOOL.
Captain — Wong Bock Yue.
COLUMBIA GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Majors— Roy Elliot. Ella Edwards, Will Her
litx. Carrie Klein.
Captains— Will McCarthy. Clotilda Podesta,
Gus Brendlgam. Anonette Cranzord.
ADAMS COSMOPOLITAN GRAMMAR.
Majors— H. W. Schreiber. Floyd Brown, Beat
rice Kelly, Emil McCarthy.
Preparations for the
Teachers 7 Annuity
Benefit at Glen
Park Are Practi
cally Completed.
Colonel Charles H.
Murphy Is Named
as Grand Marshal
and Selects His
Staff of Aids.
THE Mayday celebration to be held
in Glen Park In aid of the school
teachers' annuity fund promises to
surpass fill previous affairs of the
kind ever held in this city. The school
children will be in their element and
every effort is being made to make their
festival a glorious one. There will be two
J performances in the big pavilion at 1 and
6 o'clock In the afternoon. In the open
air there will be physical culture exer
cises and athletic games.
The committee appointed by the Teach
ers' Annuity Association to take charge
of the arrangements for the May day ex
erctoes met in the City Hall yesterday
afternoon and perfected the final details
lof the celebration. lieutenant Colonel
Charles 11. Murphy. N. G. C. was ap
pointed grand marshal of the day, and in
order to make the celebration general in
character fo far as possible the following
resolution was adopted:
Wherpar, The teachers and pupils of the
Par. Francisco J?chool Department are to
1-."M a festival at Glen I'ark on May 1,
19><i, under the auspices of the Teachers'
Annuity Society of Pan Francisco to aug
ment the annuity fund of the society of
teachers who for the benefit of the depart
ment are obliged to retire from active
. service o"i account of falling health or ad
vanced years'.
Whereas, The parents nnd friends of the
rupi'.s of the public schools desire to bn
present *T.d participate in these festivities
and would be precluded because of their
I employment la the business houses of this
I city; therefore, be it
• Repolvr-d. That the Teachers' Annuity So
ciety respectfully and urgently request that
all business houses? be closed not later
than 12 o'clock on that^day.
Grand Marshal Murphy has selected the
j following to act as his aids:
Chief aids— Major Charles Boxton. H. V.
Brandens-'tein. Mrs. 1.. K. Burke, Miss E. F.
Bartlett. V. de F. Bartlett. Miss Lou Classen,
W. H. Edwards. R. V. Faulkner, F. A. Gard
ner. Mi.<s A. E. Gavigan. O. H. Ham. A.
I Herbst. James T. Hamilton. A. E. Kellogg,
! W. D. Kinfr^bury. T. H. McCarthy. Mils P.
! M. Nolan. Miss Mary Trag, L.. T. Ramus,
, Miss I^elia Richards. J. H. Simmons, J. D.
J Hpreckcls Jr.. Miss E. E. t^tincen, L. A. W.
i Taaffe and Mrs. X. A. 'Woods.
Aids-J. 1\ Baloun. M. Babcock, M. S.
1 Blanchard, L»evi Bowman, W. S. Brann, A.
j Bvrr.e, E. L. Carneglla, F. 11. Clark. J. B.
j Clarke, E. C. Cordell, J. L. Crittenden, F. E.
. Crofts, C. 11. Crowell, F. H. Dam. J. It.
Daniels, I'alph Daniels, A. J. Dannenbaum.
YV. W. Davidson. Dr. L. B. Deal. D. C.
l Drasey, D. J. L*-!ay. .T. S. Drew. \V. J. Drew. |
E. W. Engs. P. Epstein, P. A. Espina. Dr. F. j
Fischer. George H. Foolka, A. J. Freese, I*, j
I A. Garin. F. M. Goldstein. AY. J. Gorman, j
C. P. Hendry. William Herrod, Albert Houston, I
F. G. Huskey. A. J. Itsell. A. U. Jordan, 11. I
Kinne, E. Knowlton. D. W. Kratzer, D. W.
Langdon. W. A. Leßgett, Dr. T. W. B. Leland.
J. A. l-enahan, Albert Lyscr, A. W. Lyser,
George O. Mitchell. <*". W. Moores. A. 11.
Maedonald. F. J. McAullffe. John Me Henry,
W. T. Plunkett, Philip Pryor, T. W. Ransom,
A. E. Roberts, C. W. Roby. F. Rothsranper.
-T. M. Ruiz. AW A. Robertson, J. J. ik-hmit,
L. M. Shuck. H. C. F. Stahl. W. W. Stone.
F. D. Ftrlr.gha.rn. J. B. Sykes. P. T. Tompkins,
C U Turner. C. M. Walker. J. H. Wallace,
?. A. White. T. B. White. W. J. G. Williams,
«". C. Young, William Zimmerman, Walter
Zwiefr.
The military parade and calisthenic ex
hibition by the schools will be under the
direction of Field Marshal George S.
MiehHne. Following are the schools and
the children who will take part as offi
cers:
Mars=hal> ai<?<?!" — Hujth Sommer. D. Horan,
Frt<i frcith. Miss Ftella Ducat, iX\ru Ethel M.
SoTTjmer. Mf^B I6a lngerman.
Uuplers — \V. Dewey, James O'Hera, Cecil
Clin.
HKARST GRAMMAR SCHOOL..
Fire drill— Majors, Eva Mason, Ethel Fair-
The Native Sons
Have finished their sesslcn at OrOTtlle and wttl
b« found enjoying the cuisine and mode at
Zlnkand's. aa usual. _ V •
Native-Born Habeas Corpus Writs.
Writs of habeas corpus have been issued
by United States District Judge de Haven
in the cases of five Chinese immigrants
r w'no were denied a landing by Customs Col
lector Jackson and who sought admission
Held for Murder.
Ho Mon and Suey Ho Mon were yester
day held; to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan on charges of
murder. They were accused of killing
Wong Guey on March 17 with a hatchet
in a room at Pacific and Dupont streets.
I FOR 25 YEARS
I HAS BEEN RECOMMfcNDED BY
I EMINENT /PHYSICIANS
r As the Best Natural Aperient Water.
; UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR
\ Constipation and Stomach Disorders/
i Get the Genuine!
MRS. COLBURN DIED
ALONE IN POVERTY
Found Dead in Her Booms After
Having Been Missed for
Three Days.
Mrs. Mattle Colburn, a married woman,
was found dead yesterday in her rooms
over W. J. Kenealy's blacksmith shop,
Sl4 Buchanan street. The woman had evi
dently died of natural causes. She was a
buttonhole maker by occupation. Not hav
ing been seen for three days, Mr. Kenealy
entered the flat through a window and
discovered the dead body.
Mrs. Colburn became an inmate of the
Stockton Insane Asylum several years
ago and was discharged cured. She and
her husband had separated and she lived
the life of a hermit in three small rooms,
almost destitute of furniture. The body
was removed to the Morgue. An Inquest
will be held to-day.
Stole Sheets of Silver.
Fred Froellch, an employe at Dennis
ton's silver-plating works^Annie and Mis
sion streets, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Detectives Ryan and ODea and
booked at the City Prison on two charges
of petty larceny. The detectives noticed
in a pawnshop Sunday several sheets of
silver, and ascertained that they had been
stolen from Denniston's works. Suspicion
.fell upon Froelich. and he was identified
as the man who had pawned them Alto
gether s<\venty-four ounces had been
stolen.
Guardians of the Home.
¦ T". c Guardians of the Home," a newly
propoff-d order, held an entertainment last
l.irht an C^neordia Hall. Alcazar building,
. nfas thoroughly successful. There
¦rere literary and musical efforts and
much enthusiasm over the prospects of
Lbe organization. The order is on the
lir.es of the Maccabees— fraternal and ben-
iciary— and will meet on the first ajid
third Fridays. It starts under very fa
vorable conditions.
THOUGH HE PROTESTED,
SHE WENT TRAVELING
Such Is Braslan's Defense to His
Wife's Divorce Suit— Other
Actions Filed.
The artion by which Georgia M. Bras
lan seeks to necure a decree of divorce
from her husband, Charles Braslan, of
San Jose, was partly - heard by Judge
Troutt yesterday morning. Mrs. Bras
lan alleges desertion and failure to pro
vide.
After informing the court that she mar
ried her husband in Minneapolis, in IS9I,
Mrs. Braslan told a detailed story of their
life together up to October 4, 1899, at
which time, she alleges, her husband cast
her off and compelled her to return to her
relatives in the East. In April of this
year she returned to San Jose and took
up her residence in the St. James Hotel,
where she still resides.
Mr. Braslan took the stand in his own
behalf and told quite a different story.
He said th3Vhe did not want his wife to
go Kast in October of lapt year, as he was
unable to stand tho expense. She in
sisted on taking the journey, however, he
said, and then he took her to the' train,
gave her KO and bade her good-by for
ever. Subsequently he went East and
said that his wife, tried to pee him in
New York and Chicago, but he avoided
her. Since her return he has honored
her bills at the St. James and signified
his willingness to support her fn the fu
ture. Judge Troutt said that in his opin
ion the case was one to be settled out
of court, and allowed the case to go over
for one week.
Judge Troutt made an order yesterday
annulling the marriage of Daniel C Rob
ertson to Bertha E. Robertson. The
court found that statutory grounds for
the annullment of the marriage existed
and granted the plaintiff's prayer.
Catherine M. Keating was granted a
divorce from John P. Keating yesterday
on statutory' grounds.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Frank Egan against Kate E. Egan, for
intemperance, Grace E. Hays against
Ira C. Hays for desertion. Joseph Rhein
gold against Sime Rheingold for cruelty,
and Annie De Vries against George De
Vries for intemperance.
KILPATRICK'S SUSPENSION
TO BE RECONSIDERED
Superintendent Webster Will Not
Obey the School Board's Orders
Begarding Principal.
The Board of Education will meet this
morning to reconsider the suspension of
Principal E. C. Kilpatrick. The board
adopted resolutions at its last meeting
directing Superintendent Webster to sus
pend Kilpatrick from duty, but Webster
has refused to do so, claiming that the
board alone has power to suspend or dis
miss teachers. Kilpatrlck's attorneys
have served a writ of prohibition re
straining the Superintendent from sus
pending him pending the final settlement
of his suit against the last board.
Superintendent Webster made an.inves
tigation yesterday of the case of Miss E.
J. McGreeny, who was ordered suspended
for habitual absence. The teacher has
presented a certificate from a physician
stating that she has been very ill for
some time past. She ascribes the fact
that her absence was not reported to the
negligence of her relatives. Webster will
report on the subject at next* week's
meeting.
to this country on the ground that they
were native sons. Two of them are what
are known as court cases, in which the
claims of the immigrants are supported
by court records, and four of them had
been reported favorably to the Collector
by the Chinese Bureau. Collector Jackson
said yesterday that he had denied the ap
plicants a landing before he had an
nounced his determination not to have
anything to do with native-born cases.
The cases will come before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock next Mon
day.
said after writing on it steadily for nearly
twelve hours that should she go awajr
then the measure of her footprint would
be left on the earth. And so little has
since been added to her forecast that her
pioneer footprint is still distinctive.
When her sister married and her broth
ers finished their college course Margaret
Juller then 34. accepted an invitation
fom Horace Greeley to come to New
Tiork as literary critic for the Tribune.
Her spirited sketches Instantly became
marked features of the paper giving a
pronounced impulse to the uplifting of art
literature and life. In this, her last liter
ary work In America, she combined the in
sight of the novelist, the analytic spirit of
the critic and the Joyou3, prophetic fear
lessness of the poet.
Iq twenty months she ha,l earned
enough to indulge her long-cherished
plans of studying abroad. In England
and France she was warmly welcomed by
the most distinguished writers and think
ers, but Rome was her Mecca, and thither
she hastened, quickly making warm
friendships there with Mrs. Jameson.
Powers. Greenough, the Brownings and
the Storys.
"Within the next four years was com
pressed the greatest development of her
life, with its tragic denouement. Stray
ing through St. Peter's one day she be
came separated from her friends and was
obliged to accept the escort of a yountc
Italian, Angelo. Marquis of Ossr.il. who
courteously conducted her home. The ac
quaintance thus romantically initiated de
veloped Into a warm friendship, which
speedily terminated in marriage. Owing
to Rome's critical political condition it
was necessary to keep secret the fact that
the young Italian nobleman had married
an impecunious Protestant.
Margaret meanwhile, through her
friendship with Mazzini, had thrown her
self heart and soul into the Italian strug
gle, and while Ossoli as captain in the
civic guard was stationed with his com
mand on the wall of the Vatican sho
nursed the wounded in the military hos
pital. Her sympathy and care for each
one's particular taste won for her the de
votion of the soldiers, who as she passed
through the wards raised themselves on
their elbows to get a last glimpse of her
departing figure. Meanwhile she was haiw
rowed to death by threats of desertion
from her baby's nurse, and she lay awaka
night after night trying to devise ways of
passing out from the invested city to
quiet the wailing cry that was always icj
her ears. Her husband, too. during th*
siege of Rome was exposed to the great
est danger, and refusing to leave his post
either for food or rest was dependent upon
the provisions which Margaret could send
him.
After ten days' resistance Rome wasi
obliged to surrender to the French, and
the short-lived republic came to an end.
Greatly as Margaret deplored Us downfall
she was thankful to rush through the open
gates to Rletl. where she found tho Httlo
Angelo reduced to a skeleton and dying
of neglect. While nursing him back to lifts
she was loined by her husband. The down
fall of the liberal party deprived Ossoll
of hl« rank and fortune, and although
Margaret's friends were most generous
In their offer of help and sympathy life
became so painful to them in Italy thai \Z
seemed best to return to America. wher»
Margaret was anxious to publish her
newly written book on the Roman repub
lic. To save expense they embarked on a
two months' voyage in a sailing vessel.
Shortly after they were out of sight of
land smallpox broke out among the sail
ors, and the captain died of the dread
disease. Margaret nursed all faithfully,
but felt greatly depressed when the baby
Angelo succumbed to the infection. Great
care brought him a second time back to
life, and the vessel at last came In sight
of Long Island. The following morning
they expected to land in New "York, but a
gale came up in the night and the vessel
was wrecked. But few of the passengers
were saved. Margaret refused any effort
at rescue that would separate her from
her devoted husband and baby, and they
were all drowned together. Those who
loved her were inconsolable at her tragic
death and those who knew how she had
filled her life with charities and stored
her mind with knowledge, and what an
inspiration for good had been the use of
her powers, deplored her loss to humanity.
The literary world never knew her as the
Marchioness Opfoll. for her book upon the
ephemeral Roman republic perished with
her.
"soon her wit had effaced the Impression
of her personal unattractiveness. and the
eyes, which were so plain at first, swam
with fun and drolleries, and the very tides
of joy and superabundant life. • • • Her
satire was only the pastime and necessity
of her talent. Her plane of character
rose constantly In my estimation, disclos
ing many moods and powers In successive
platforms or terraces, each above each."
Horace Greeley, while admiring her epi
grammatic terseness and literary finish,
nevertheless felt predetermined not to
like her. and avoided her even after he
had Invited her into his own household,
but he soon acknowledged that her ir
resistible individuality had vanquished
his prejudice. Carlyle, the cross-grained,
wrote to Emerson of her books as "un
deniable utterances of a truly heroic
mind, altogether unique, so far as I know,
among the writing women of this genera
tion; rare enough, too, God knows, among
¦ the writing men. • • • Honor to Mar
garet, and more and more good speed
to her." Poe considered her literary style
the best that he knew; and it was Mar
garet Fuller who introduced Robert
Browning to the enthusiasm of American
readers. Although Emerson, Clarke,
Channlng, Higginson and Harriet Beecher
Stowe have written her biography, after
all her truest biography is yet to be com
piled from the diaries, letters and memo
randa of the most distinguished persons
of her day, their scattered sentences .tes
tifying to the sense of personal uplift,
stimulus or illumination exercised
throughout her concentrated life.
To her father, Timothy Fuller, a schol
arly but impecunious lawyer, Margaret
was indebted for the broad development
of her precocious powers, which he ex
panded prematurely at the expense of her
health. Determined that Margaret, his
oldest child, should enjoy the same ed
ucational privileges as her brother?, he
decided to give her himself the ad
vantages of the college course then denied
to women. To this end he made great
personal sacrifices, teaching the child
after the exhaustion of his day's work
and never realizing that this late over
tension was sapping the nervous strength
of the little 6-year-old. Soon nightmare
and sleep-walking sounded their unavail
ing warning, and it is therefore not sur
prising that a few years later the over
taxed child-life lay hovering between life
and death. The stern, remorseful father,
realizing at last the slender thread from
which her life was suspended, came to her
bedside and said: "My dear, I have been
thinking of you in the night and I can
not remember that you have any faults.
You have defects, of course, as all mor
tals have, but I do not know that you
have a single fault."
The student will readily appreciate that
• the abnormal child mind was there, and
would have ultimately asserted itself
without parental forcing, when he learns
that Margaret Fuller read Latin at 6 be
fore she could read English; that she
wrote a Latin poem at 8, read Tasso and
Ariosto in the original at 10 and in three
months mastered the German language so
that she could read with ease Korner.
Richter. Schiller and Goethe's "Faust" and
"Iphlgenia." Greek and music and a
devouring love of reading filled in the in
terstices. Shakespeare. Cervantes and
Moliere were her favorites before she was
10, and in her teens she supplemented them
with exhaustive study of Mme. de Stael.
Epictetus, Milton, Racine, the Castillan
ballads and the elder Italian poets, Berni
Pulci and Politian. Delving thus into the
deepest thought of many nationalities, she
enriched her English writing, expressed
herself with flexibility and felicity and be
came the acknowledged beat translator
of her day.
While Margaret Fuller was recovering
from her critical Illness her father sud
denly sickened with cholera and died. Re
linquishing at once a long-cherished plan
of returning home with Harriet Marti
neau, Margaret resolved to take her
father's place as head of the family and to
carry out his intention of sending her
brothers through college. S Although a
mere girl, she rented a house upon her
own responsibility and supported the fam
ily, supplementing her teaching by writ
ing translations and original sketches.
After teaching French and Latin in Bron
son Algott's famous school she taught two
years in Providence, carrying with her a
most appreciative estimate from Mr Al
cott. "I think her," he wrote, "the most
brilliant talker of the day. She has a
quick and comprehensive wit. a firm com
mand of her thoughts and a speech to win
the most cultivated."
Breaking down in health, the overtaxed
woman returned to Boston and at the
earnest solicitation of her friends began a
series of parlor lectures, known as the
far-fanied Fuller conversations. At these.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CLUB WEN ENTERTAIN
An Excellent Literary and Musical
Frcgranjme Is Presented at Na
tive Sons' Hall.
The League Club, members of Company
T~>. Ixngue of the Cross Cadets, appeared
before the public last r.ight at Native
Sor.s' Hall in a literary and musical pro
gramme that was of special merit. Every
number was well received, the encores be
log frequent t nd the applause at all times
in keeping: with tba successful efforts of
the performer*. Following was the pro
gramme:
Overture. Fitzgerald's orchestra: soprano
? : X:i«s Jennie Nlchcigon; ccrart »clo, pc- ,
lected. rjdward Landers; selections, concert i
phonograph;, recitation. Miss May Pullivan: !
intnrf rquad <Jrill by the Mulligan FusSleers, I
Jaaei McCrrrr.ack. commander.
The entertainment committee, to whom !
the success of the affair was due. was i
composed of James McCormick. John T. ;
hue. Pan J. Smith, John E. Cornyn !
and <i. 11.
ST. MARY'S PARK FUND
SAFE IN TREASURY
* . ?
* ST. MARY'S SQUARE ASSOCIA- <$?
?. TION. <*•
•§> Whereas, The Superior Court has <•>
-$> decided the law of the case in be- <S»
3> half of the city and county of San >»
<?> Francisco in the proceedings to con- <$>
<^ demn the property for St. Mary's <?•
<?> square; and <s>
<*> Whereas, The City Attorney has 4
<s> rendered his opinion, whereby he <?>
<*>• advised the Board of Supervisors <*>
<*• that the revenue in the treasury <$>
<S> raised for the acquisition of St. <*>
<s> Mary's square "constitutes a fund <$>
<S> authorized by law which must be <«>
<?> continued in the treasury until the <•>
4» necessity for its continuanco <£•
<*> ceases," a copy of which opinion is <?¦
4- hereunto attached; therefore, be it <?>
<?> Resolved, That St. Mary's Square •*•
<«> Association will ever hold these of- <$»
<•> ficlal acts in grateful remembrance, <$-
<S> and we trust said fund will be seg- <•>
<«> regated in consonance with said <$>
<S> opinion.
<t> ST. MARY'S SQUARE ASSOCIA- <5>
«> TION. <$,
<S> Attest by: George D. Shadburne, <£
<$> president; Frederick Hess, vice pres-
¦$» idem; A. H. R. Schmidt, secretary; <J>
<!> M. Otis, treasurer. .£
<S> Thomas J. Welsh, Edward J. <§•
<•> Smith, Llewellyn J. Wattson, A. <J>
<$• Sbarboro, John M. Burnett, R. C. 4>
$ Foute, R. H. Warfield, Frank J. «>
•$> Sullivan, Christian Reis, Edward J. &
<$> Tobin, Frederick C. Boden and <g.
•$> George D. Shadburne, executive <?>
<»> committee. <j>
<£• ' <?>
<$><£> 4> <•£ <:> '•> <•> 4> «?» <•• .*> 4- ¦£• •¦:> <s> <s> .«> .i-. .*>
The uncertainty hanging over the fate
of the "St. Mary's Park fund" has In a
measure been settled by an opinion just
handed the Board of Supervisors by Dis
trict Attorney Lane. In that opinion the
District Attorney declares that the $125,000
set aside by the last Board of Supervisors
for the purchase of the park; cannot be
diverted for any other purpose.
The St. Mary's Square Association Is
very much elated over this victory and
has adopted the following resolution:
District Attorney Lane's opinion was as
follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, April ID, 1900. %
Gentlemen: In answer to your in
quiry as to whether or not the $123,
000 set aside by the last Board of
Supervisors for the purpose of ac
quiring "St. Mary's Park" proper
ties may be diverted, I am of opin
ion that the said sum is protected
against such diversion by ."Ration
2, chapter 11, article 111, and I^sec
tion 37 of article XVI of the char
ter, and by section 4 of the statute
of March 19. ISS9 (Statutes ISS9, p.
361), under which the lands referred
to are to be acquired, if at all. The
$125,000 under consideration was, in
my judgment, "raised" for the pur
pose of purchasing this property,
and not for general expenses. (See
section 2. chapter 11, article 111,
above cited.) It constitutes a fund
authorized by law, which "must be
continued in the treasury until the
necessity • for its continuance
ceases." (See section 37, article XVI,
above cited.) And it is the result of
a tax levy made with the object of
acquiring this property, "and the
revenue so obtained shall be ap
plied to no other use or purpose."
(See section 4. Statutes ISS9, above
cited.) Respectfully yours.
FRANKLIN K. LANE.
The Board of Supervisors.
Captains— Louis Jacobs, Barrett Gray, Sophie
Harris, Tillie Steinaur.
EVERETT GRAMMAR SCHOOL,
Majors — Alexander Blackstedt, Blanch Ham
mond, Millie Schellpeper, Fanny Robertson.
Captains— Roy Jeffries, Blanch Perry, Will
iam Geary, Norman Pailey, Lottie Ring.
FRANKLIN GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Majors— Flospie 'Wilkinson, Estelle Parrott,
Louis Goldblatt, Lillian Thenson, Grace Mor
gan. Henry Nelson^
Oaptair.s— Florence Ednmnson, Arthur Sul
livan, Clara Sengstacken, Harry. Duplisse.
SPRING VALLEY GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Majors— Walter Woodln, Beatrice Guiffard,
Lawrence Bowers.
Captains— Bessie Morton. Lorena Johnson, H.
Deguerre, William ConnollV.
The programme to be rendered In the
Pavilion follows:
Flryt performance, 1 p. m. ; May queen, Jes
sie Eva Swift ; grand march and crowning of
May queen; May pole dance and fancy dances
by pupils of James Lick Grammar School, as
sisted by pupils of Professor O'Brien: Caprice.
Ethel Schwaner; Cachuca, Emily Derbaum; La
Paloma, Elsie Anderson; May pole, Vera An
derson, Aloise Gebhardt, Hazel Dugan, Irene
Johnson, Leila Cogjfins, Lillian Marx, Hazel
Aubry, Emily I>eibaum, Ella Adams, Grace
Kirrhnrr, Elsie Anderson. Arline Nesbltt; Ser
pentine. Ella Adams: Uncle Sam, Aloise Geb
hardt; lovprs' quarrel, Estella Jacobs. Vera
AlborelH Marguerite and Pain Hendy Jr.,
Phyllis Nicholson, Gladys Hendy, Rena Whe
lan, Reyna Uelasco; gavotte. Leila Coggins;
highland fling, Alice Mittlestadt; sailors' horn
pipe, Reyna Belasco; minuet, Gladys Hendy,
Phyllis Nicholson. Vera Alborell, Reyna Be
lasco, Sam Hendy Jr.. Marguerite Hendy,
Estella Jacob, Camille Dorn: waltz clog, Lil
lian Rhoads and Vera Anderson; Cakewalk, en
semble.
Second performance, 5 p. m.: skirt dance;
"Comlnß Thro' the Rye," Irene Johnson; coon
dance, Ed L.itz; Uncle Sam. Aloise Gebhardt;
May pole; toe dancing. Robbie Stack; '"Past
and Present." Ethel Schwaner; highland fllnp,
Alice Mlttlei>tadt; buck an<l wins. Lillian
Rhoads and Vera Anderpon; cakewalk for prize
cake awarded to couple receiving most ap
plause.
President Newhall of the Board of Po
lice Commissioners, through Secretary
Cadwalader. sent out invitations yester
day to the Mayor. Board of Supervisors,
Auditor, Treasurer, Civil Service Commis
sioners, City and County Attorney and
District Attorney to view the police pa
rade on May 1 from his residence, Sutter
street and Van Ness avenue.
YOUNG CAKEWALKERS WHO WILL PARTICIPATE,
Copyright 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
gatherings, which continued during flra
years, Margaret Fuller was at her best,
and exerted an extraordinary Influence
over this circle, which gratefully acknowl
edged h*r its ruling spirit. Her greatest
talent lay in oratory, and many of those
admitted to these unique conversations
felt that her eloquence was equaled only
by that of Wendell Phillips. She needed
to be tired by touch with other minds;
then her mind struck forth sparks, co
pious, epigrammatic, paradoxical, thought
ful, pungent, always and ever sympa
thetic and charming. She herself recog
nized the inspiration of contact and fre
quently deprecated the "chilling use of th*
pen." Under forms of mythology sh«
opened up the great questions of' life.
arousing high, practical hopes, vivifying
dormant resolution and leading her de
voted band through untrodden pathways
into the recreative land 3 of music and
art. Very early, she said, she had realized
that the great aim of her life was to grow,
and growth consequently became the
watchword of her constituency. Nobody's
explanations ever perplexed her brain, and
she ably held her own with Emerson and
the most thoughtful men of her time who
later joined her evening conversational
classes.
About this time Emerson. Charming: and
others had started a literary-philosophical
magazine called The Dial. For four years
Margaret Fuller was able managing editor
and frequent writer for this journal, her
most noteworthy contribution being her
"Women in the Nineteenth Century." a
most vigorous and prophetic essay. She
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
XL SARAH MARGARET FTTLLER
OSSOLI.
(ISIO-1530.)
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
The genius of Margaret Fuller flashed
cometlike across the literary heavens of
the early nineteenth century, and just as
mankind awoke to Its rapid brilliancy and
striking concentration of light It shot
past into the darkness again, leaving but
a vivid memory in the minds of those who
had been privileged to notice its course.
Behind this genius was a womanly per
sonality, a stimulating charm which in
fluenced her idolizing circle of friends to
set their faces like flint against obstacles
to success and to push on like her toward
a definite goal. Without money and in
her youth extremely unprepossessing In
appearance, she nevertheless by sheer
force of personal magnetism Influenced or
directed the thought of her day.
In his "Fables for Critics" Lowell, who
felt his budding genius unapreciated by
this versatile woman, refers quizzically to
her whimsical self-esteem in' the following
lines:
"For a woman must surely see well,
If she try, •
The whole of whose being's a capital I."
.Emerson, at first repelled by her un
pleasant voice, promptly admitted that
SCHOOL CHILDREN TO DRILL
AT THE MAY DAY CARNIVAL
CONVENTION OF
GERMANS OF THE
CATHOLIC FAITH
Delegates Coming From the
Interior to Attend the
Initial Session.
Interesting Two Days' Programme
Arranged by Energetic Commit
tee — Important Business
to Be Transacted.
»
The committees having in charge the
arrangements for the first annual meet
ing of the German Roman . Catholic
Staatsverband to be held in this city April
29 and 30 met last Wednesday evening
and completed arrangements for the com*
ing event.
The Interest taken in the movement of
the German Catholic citizens of the State
has become general, many letters having
been received from the interior assuring
a large attendance.
The different delegations from the In
terior will be met at the ferry and trains
by the reception committee, consisting of
F. B.Schoenstein, Joseph Holfer. Carl A.
Schnabel and F. X. Burhans.
The convention opens to-morrow even
ing at St. Boniface Hall, Golden Gate
avenue, near Leavenworth street. All
delegates and guests will assemble there
at 8:30 o'clock and march in a body to St.
Boniface Church, where a solemn high
mass with appropriate sermon will be cel
ebrated at 9 a, m. After mass an in
formal meeting of the delegates will take
place.
The delegates will attend vespers in the
evening at St.,^ Anthony's Church, on
Army and Folsom streets, after which the
open mass-meeting will be called to order
in St. Anthony's Hall by F. B. Schoen
steln, temporary chairman. The principal
speakers of the evening will be Rev.
Raphael Fuhr, O. F. M. Other addresses
will be delivered by Paul A. Meyer.
Charles P. Conrad, Henry P. Budde and
Maximilian Neumann, O. P. M.
On Monday the session will open with
high mass at St. Anthony's Church. At
10:15 o'clock the second and final business
meeting will take place. After the elec
tion of officers and the selection of the
place of next year's convention the vari
ous delegates will be taken on a trip
through Golden Gate Park to the ocean
beach, where a lunch will be served.
HAZE DID NOT
DIE THE DEATH
OF A TRAITOR
Father Gleason Denies Story
of Corporal Accused of
Desertion.
Two Sailors on Hospital Ship Relief
Met the Soldier While All Three
Were Prisoners of Insur
gents.
From fnr off Manila comes the contra
diction of a story which received exten
sive circulation in March of last year to
the effect that ex-Corroral Henry F.
Haze cf the First California Vol
unteers, who was branded as a traitor
£rd deserter, had met a terrible death
while serving the Fliplnos as a lieutenant.
t a.ther Joseph M. Glrason. formerly of
Bt. Rose's Church, who has been in the
PhUirplnes since last September, doing
miesor.ary work among the United State 3
troops, has written to a brother clergy
man in this city flatly contradicting: the
ttory of Haze's desertion and asking that
In justice to the memory of the man, who
died under far different circumstances, the
real laets of the case be made public.
A letter was received in this cttv en
February 13. IK>9. which contained an ar
ticle published in the American, a Manila
daily paper, telling of Haze's alleged de
fcrticri. though the r.amu was printed in
correctly as John W. Hayes. It stated
that Hayes had married a .FiJir-ino woman
and two days later deserted to the insur
gent forces. It was learned here that
there was no soldier in the regiment by
:!:e name of John \V. Hayes, but that
Henry V. Haze had gone to Manila as a
corporal.
In his letter Father Gleason speaks of
the dead soldier as '"Hayes" and attests
to the fact ¦ from the undisputed testi
mor.y of two m«^n th.it h*> dia not desert.
but had been taken prisoner. Following
is the portion of Father Gleason's letter:
"Perhaps you will remember a man
r.amed Hayes of the First California, wno
u:-.s fald to have deserted last year
end joined the in<urrectos, obtaining a
cnramiPßlon as a reward. You will re
jr.ember. too. that a fcody was found after
a certain engagement badly mutilated ano
was identified as Hayes, and every one
»-aid the traitor had met his Just deserts.
It now aj pears, according to the story of
two members of tre <*rew of the hospital
ship Belief, named Hoppe and Blaniord.
who were seized by the insurgents as they
reared Malate in a small boat, that the
Btory about Hayes is a fabrication pure
and simple. Hoppe and Bl&nford escaped
after nine months' imprisonment and told
me that they met Hayes and were with
him at the time of his death, whicd was
quite iifTercnt from that described in ill's
papers.
•'Whon the First California Volunteers
were at San Pedro Macate, Hayes swam
tcrot-s the river, and not being in uni
form was arrested by the insurgents as a
si jr. }!f was held a close prisoner until
th<» outbreak and then he was hustled
along with the insurgents wherever they :
went. He wa-s made to work lik.A a siave.
and finally succumbed to hard labor and
s-tarva:i'i«:L He Oil a victim of typhoid
fever BOSte time before the mutilated body i
A the so-called traitor was found and at
a considerable distance from the place.
Inasmuch a.-* he died in Katanga province i
and »as buried there.
V "Hoppe and Blar.fcrd have toM all this j
to the Uniied Slates military officials, i
who have made it a matter of record."
THE SAN FR AS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
MARGARET FULLER
(From an Early Portrait.,
9Family Retail Market.
Eggs continue to creep up. but Butter and
Cheese are unchanged..
Poultry Is In light supply this week and
prices are firm in consequence. There is no
change in Meats worthy of note.
Cherries and Strawberries continue to
cheapen as the season advances, but boUrari
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 834
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 »s>^
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars '. 484 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The Jessomene takes for Cork 67,
559 ctls. valued ct $64,200.
Chicago advanced on better foreign advice?,
though the demand was chiefly to fill shorts.
The weather was favorable to growing crops.
There was a firm undertone, owing to the dis
appointing volume of May offerings. Wheat
and Corn both worked stronger as the day ad
vanced, and Paris cabled drying winds.
The local situation was firm. Spot prices
were unchanged, but there was a slight Im
provement on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 93©96V4c; milling,
J7V4c©sl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Beswion— 9.ls o'clock— December —
4000 ctls, $104*: 2000, $104. May— lo.ooo, 93c.
Second Session— May— lS.oOO ctls, 95c. Decem
ber— 2000. $1 04Vi : 12.000, $1 Qi%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
95Uc. December— 2ooo, $1 C4Vi.
Afternoon Session —D- member — 18,000 ctls,
$1 oni: eooo. $1 04%.
BARLEY— Futures arc firm and slightly
higher. Spot quotations are unchanged. The
demand Is lighter.
Feed. 75ifj774c for No. 1 and 70@72>4c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®S74c;
Chevalier, nominal. •
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ct!s. 77}&c.
Second Session— December— 4Coo ctls, 77"ie.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls,
7Sc. May— 2CCo, 75c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 7ST£c:
6COO, 79c.
OATS — The Government demand for Manila
is satisfied and the market Is quieter, but the
feeling continues firm.
White, $1 10!?il 30; Red. $I©l 17,4: Gray,
$1 07U<fil 15: Black. $I@l 07Vi-
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $1 02^®
1 07Vi per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 15&1 20
per ctl; mixed. $1 124£1 15 per ctl.
RYE— 9s@974c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 COJ?3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40«3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 21@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $2 75 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 73; Rye
Meal ' $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 30;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25*53 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4©4 25; Cracked Wheat. 13 25,
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6®7 25; In sacks, $3 73@7; Pearl
Barley, $0; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $i 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted
and the market is quiet.
BRAN-*-sl'i@l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@2O per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mil*,, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 00(828; Cocoanut Cake, $I0@21; Corn Meal,
$23; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed, $15 CO;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
$6 Co@9; Oat, $6@S; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, $6©
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale. .
Beans and Seeds.
Conditions remain as heretofore. Beans be
ing dull and Seeds motionless.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 25; small White, $3 25@
3 50; large White. $3 20@3 25; Pink. $2 25®2 90;
Red, $303 50; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $5 25; tfea, $3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys.
$3 r iwf; 4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard.- 44@4?ic; Flax, $19002 20; Canary
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa. 9@loc; Rape. 2%@3c; Hemp. 434Vic-
Timothy. 4®44c
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90@2 26; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables'.
New Potatoes have appeared from the river
in boxes, selling within the quoted range.
Onions and Vegetables stand about the same!
Asparagus is firm and Rhubarb weak.
Receipts were 700 boxes Asparagus, 824 boxes
Rhubarb, 662 sacks Peas and 500 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 4frp"ac per sack- Ore
gon Burbanks, 60<g'90c; New Potatoes, 101»ic
ONIONS-New Red. $1250175 per ctl. '
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 25©$1 per box-
Asparagus. 75c@$l 25. per: box lur No. 2 and
$1 G0«52 for No. 1 and $2 23i9'2 60 for fancy large:
Green Peas, 75c@$ I 23 per sack for common and
Business was large agafci on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, but fluctuations
were few. Spring Valley Water advanced to
$94 23 and Giant Powder to $34, falling back
to ! 3 73. Gas and Electric wu lower at
$4S 25@47 73.
In the afternoon Pacific Gas wa» lower at
$46 874 and Giant Powder at $83 50. Makawell
was weak at $47 73. Onomea sold at $27 and
Oceanic at $91 25. Contra Costa Water was
firmer at $63 and Gas and Electric advanced
to $48 25.
Home Oil continued to advance, as will be
seen by the quotations. It has gone up over
$1 per share ln a few days, owing to an im
proved prospect.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April *7— t p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 B.d.A-k.
V S Bonds —
4s quar coup...H4'-ilH^i
4s do reg 114Vill4»i
4s do cp new.. 133 —
3s do coup — HOli
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55..119H123
C C Water 35.. 107 —
F/IL&P 65. .130 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 92«£
II C & S 5Hs. — —
Do 5s 105*4 —
L A Ry 5s 104^ —
LAL Co 65... — —
Do gntd 65... — —
Do gntd 05... 98 IOOVi
L A & P R 55.102H —
Market-st 65...125 V» —
Do Ist m 55. .117^ —
N C N G R 7s. — 114
N R of Cal 6s. llS^i —
N P of Cal 6». 115*4 —
NPC R R 65.103 —
Do 5s 107H —
N Cal R n 55.113 —
Oak G LAHSs.UO —
Oak Trans 65.. 114*4 —
Oak W Co 35.. — 105 Vi
Oceanic S Co.. 107 —
Om C Ry 65...123\i12S
P & Cl Ry 69.1044 —
P&O R R 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6s. 117 —
Sac L & GR5s. 90 —
S F & SJV 55.117H11S
i Ry of Cal 63.111V4 — I
S P of A 6s 114HH4*;
Do (1905) 109 110 !
Do d'JO*) 1114113 I
Do (1912) 1194120 I
Do Ist eg ss. — — I
SPBr 6s 127412S I i !
S V Water 65.114%H3V
Do 4s 103% — ]
SV W (3d ra).102 — |
Stktn Gas 6».. 99 —
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 64*4 854 :
Marln County. — — i
Spring Valley. $2% 93?»;
Gas & Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — -»
Cent L & P... 334 —
Equit GL» Co. — —
Mutual El Co. — ll'i
OG L & H.... 46 1 ; —
Pac Gas Imp.. 46 s * —
Pac L Co — 45
3F G & E.... 4S 4SH
San Francisco. 4*i 4»»
stkn OAECo 10 —
Insurance —
Firem's Fund. 227 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-CjU Ltd. 6414 —
Bank of Ca1... 405 —
Cal S D & T..104 105
First National. — 230
Lon P A A....13Z4 —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Nev Nat 8k... — —
Savings Banks —
Ger S & L....1153 2010
Hum S & L... — —
Mut Say 8k... 43*4 —
3 F Say U....815 —
Say & L 50... 71 73
Sec Say Bk — —
Union T C 0.... — —
Street Railroads-
California 1214 _
Geary-st 50 —
Market-st Ry. 63 —
OS L & H.... — 50
Presidio 16 —
Powder Stocks-
California 150 165
Giant Con Co.. 8> 83%
Vigorit t% 3>»
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co.. 3% S*.
Haw C&S Co — 90
Honokaa S Co. 32* i —
Hutch S P Co. 24»i 24* i
Kilauea S Co.. 21 21**
Makaweli SCo 47 s i 43
Onomea S Co.. 17 —
Paauhau S Co. 30»i 31
?iHscellaneou9—
Al Pack A3sn.US^4n.<tt£
Cal Fruit Asn.lOS 106
Mer Ex Assn.. — luo
Oceanic 3 Co.. 94 95
Pac AF A 2 —
Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Par Paint Co,. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board —
23 Alaska Packers' Assn 113 ~;
$200" California St R R Bonds 12!) ro
23 Contra Costa Water 84 73
100 Equitable Gas, 3 CO
4"> G'.ant Powder Con R4 oo
30 Giant Powder Con 83 73
10 Giant Powder Con S3 S7*-i
C 3 liana Plantation Co 8 37» 3
10 Hana Plantation C 0... 8 30
ISO Honokaa S Co 32 50
5 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 62^
20 Mafcar.-eli 48 0f»
2-'> Market Street Railway 62 co
$1000 Market St Ist Con 5s 117 srt
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
130 Paauhau S P Co 30 87S
23 Pacific Gas Imp 47 23
23 Pacific Gas Imp 47 00
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 4s ;."•
4 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 73
10 S V Water 94 25
$4000 S V 6» 114 75
$3000 S V 4s (2d Mtge) 104 00
Street—
110 S V Water 94 00
Board-
Afternoon Session.
5 Alaska Packers' Assn us 23
35 Contra Costa Water $5 0O
5 Giant Powder Con 83 75
5 Giant Powder Con 83 50
120 Hana Plantation Co 9
60 Honokaa S Co 3250
100 Honokaa S Co y» 371^
63 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 s«>
23 Hutchinson S P Co •>$ -*ti
50 Makawell "4773
220 Market Street Railway ¦ g» no
10 Oceanic S S Co \ 9J »
23 Onomea Sugar C 0...." [ 27 Si
40 Paauhau S P Co ]" 3^ S ;i
.'o Puauhau S P Co, s 3 30 73
SO Paauhau S P Co ¦ m - —
25 Pacific Gas Imp ••-•• _
15 Pacific Gas Imp ""'" "' 4i4 i a-,
90 S F Ga3 & Electric Co '....l... 43 23
ICO Equ£ab7e Gas - ,_.
40 Contra Costa Water !"*.!"" 65 00
PRODUCE OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. -
Board
2O Barker Ranch ...
30 Home Oil J5
150 Home Oil * ~
350 Yukon J^
Street— 2 w
IPO Home Oil . ~
100 Caribou 4£4 £
&>
• Arternoon Session.
S3O Home Oil .. . ,_
50 Home Oil ' ; ~
230 Home. Oil : l
100 Home Oil J <,J
ICO San Joaquln i t5
MiNiNGjrrocKa
St^k O a*nS S ET^, the S r a > les ln th * ?an Francisco
»toch. ana t.xchr.nge Board yesterday:
-„_. „ Morning Session.
!SS8??™iw::::::: 551 ""H?" o» ~->
\pj\ p«.,m . Afternoon Session
- Mc * lc an 30| 100 Yellow Jacket- :»
Continued on Paga Thirteen.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW TORK, April 27.— Bradstreefe to-mor
row will say: Evidences of the fact that there
are now two sides of the general trade situa
tion where for a year past there was but one
come to sight each week. Different sections ot
the country and lines of business return dif
ferent reports, but that the situation as a
whole is a favorable^one and suffers merely by
comparison with the enormous and almost
feverish activity of some time ago In also evi
dent. Excluding the great speculative centers,
the aggregate of business Is undoubtedly larger
than a year ago, and the business done even
in several Industries reporting reduced activity
would seem very large even to those bearlshly
Inclined had It not been for the enormous ag
gregate done some short time ago. Crop pros
pects, except In the wheat area of the central
West, and In some flooded sections of the South,
remain all that might be wished for. Retail
demand Is Improving and nothing of a definite
ly depresBlnc character has yet developed.
In the abrupt readjustment of steel and wire
prices the. Iron and steel Industries received a
notable shock, but have stood the ordeal very
well, confirming earlier advices of the substan
tial and non-speculative basis for the Immediate
activity and greatly advanced prices of the past
year.
The possibilities of a renewed export trade In
pig Iron have constituted one of the foremost
supports of that Industry. Last week's reports
of heavy sales of Southern Iron for export are
amply confirmed, and an enormously larger ton
nage could be placed If freight rates and room
were favorable. Hardware Is In Increased dis
tribution at the West, but rather quiet in East
ern markets. Among other materials copper Is
firm, while tin Is rather weaker.
One of the most favorably situated industries
is that of shoes. Manufacturers are .reported
active. Jobbers are busy and seasonable weather
is inducing a good distribution from retail
hand*.
Paints, oils and drugs are also in good dlstri-
AYu- York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 27.— Yesterday's show of
strength In stocks was dissipated in the course
of to-day's trading on the exchange. Ths mar
ket opened quite generally higher and an at
tempt was made to ccr.tinue the upward rush
In Pennsylvania and Baltimore and Ohio. It
was very soon found, however, that the gen
eral demar.<i for stocks was quite Insignificant,
although at a higher level ot prices, yester
day's operations having so far diminished the
short Interest that demand from that source
was no longer an effective support. In Irugar
especially ysteniay's urgent demand from the
ehorts decidedly relaxed. The price was run
up after the opening to 119\, but the realizing
sales from buyers «jn the recent advance over
powered the Ftock. It got back once again
above lapt right's close and then fell an ex
treme C\. with a feverish and uncertain rally.
There was some substance of authentic news
concerning the stock as on the advance and
It* movement wai< due entirely to technical
oaUßes. The same was true of the general
market. The reaction was due to the general
recojrnilicn that yesterday's sharp advance was
due to a deman.l from over-extended short in
terest. Some eJTcit was made to combat the
reaction bidding up different stocks. There was
a chow of strength at different periods In the
Tobacco stock*, the Leather stocks, Brooklyn
Transit and New York Central, but these
maneuvers provwj unavailing to hold the mar
ket. The opening atrenpth was due In no small
part to the buying for London account, which
amounted to 23.000 or 30.000 shares. The rail
road earnings reported for the day were on
the Bide of reaction. St. Paul's net earnings
lor March fell off by reason of the high level
of operating expenses. The statements cf the
Heading Company and New Jersey Central for
the name i>eriod were distinctly weak. Fol
lowing the Ontario and Western statement of
}-es-t<?rday the reactionary tendency in the an
thracite group is sufficiently explained. The
jjrg.iafoility of a favorable bank statement to
morrow failed to help the market. The gains
in cash from Interior source* are expected to
Show an increase of nearly $2,000,000 over last
week's gain from the same source, but on the
otter hand the gains from the sub-treasury
by the banks have fallen off almost as much
from last week. On yesterday's operations the
banks lo6t to the sub-treasury some $338,000,
and that institutions deMt bsiance at the
olearine -house to-day was again below $400,000.
l>wllne. in the Government bond refunding
operation* has evidently about brought to an
end the process of riisbuiwnient to the money
market by the Bub-treasury. The week's gain
by the barks In cash Is. however, near $5,000,-
COfl. thus promiF-ing an increase In the surplus
»yen though the loan expansion has been quite
liberal. No gold was engaged for export to
<•>-. ¦which was according to expectations.
Whether there will be a further movement
next week Is rtill an "pen question.
Railroad bonds hold firm to-day, but th»?
volume of business wan rather light. Total
Bales, par value. $2.455.000.
United States new 4s advanced >4 In the bid
price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Eharea _ Closing
Sold. Btockfi— Bid.
13.230 Atchison 27'»
24,730 Atchison prefd 70%
fc.ISO Baltimore & Ohio KV4
Canadian Pacific S5» 4
7.220 Canada Southern 56H
6.610 Chesapeake & Ohio 3J14
........ Chicago Great Western 1314
10.095 Chicago Burlington A Quincy 123«
437 Chicago Ind & I»uipville 26W
Chlcaso Ind & Louisville prefd.... i:xL
1W Chicago & Eastern Illinois 102'
812 Chicago & Northwestern i62i
4.430 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 108 V
1.760 C C C 4 St Louis 61
'-<¦> Colorado Southern — 51^
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd ' 421*.
Colorado Southern 2d prefd ~ 1611
....... Delaware & Hudson 115
500 Delaware Lackawanna &. Western KS^i
Denver & Rio Grande '" jgs?
1.400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd... " 70?
Erie ;;;;; 131 ?
I.MO Erie Ist prefd 3S £
€25 Great Northern prefd 1571*
330 Hocking Coal ' J7 *
700 Hocking Valley V)V
110 Illinois Central U 4 v
2W) lowa Central 1 7 ,7
1 3no lowa Central prefd tj,
Kanwn City Plttsburg & Gulf m
3 400 Lake Erie & Western 2ia;
Lake Erie & Western prefd 9;
Lake Shore ? 210
3.800 Louisville & Naehvflle S2 r *
4,110 Manhattan L «t3i /t
1,455 Metropolitan Street Railway 15*4
200 Mexican Central 1314
225 'Minn & St Louis 65
Minn & Pt Louis prefd »3
20460 Missouri Pacific 57»i
...'.... Mobile & Ohio 4i
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, April 27.— The wheat market
opened %@%c over yesterday because of higher
cables from Liverpool and the Argentine ship
ments showed a decrease of over 1,000,000
bushels last week. There was a shifting of
Eentlment apparent early and it grew ns the
session progressed. Consideration was given
the poor showing of Indiana, Ohio and Mich
igan and the probability of 2i per cent of a
crop In these States discussed; the report of
the Hessian fly In Illinois was listened to seri
ously and the reports that apprehension over
dry winds in France was felt In that country
and that Argentine arrivals from the Interior
v.ere lessening were given consideration. The
result was a firm, if quiet market. There was
conislderable changing at l%c difference be
tween May and July. May opened at 65%@:65%c.
sold betwesn 65% c and 66% c and closed Hffi%c
over yesterday at 65%@66c; July opened at 61Y*@
67V4c. sold between 67V4'g67ttc and 67% c, closing
up at 67Vi«?G7%c.
The corn market was quiet but firm. May
closed \m^c higher at 39%®39%c. July, %©%c
higher at 40% c. The easing from the top was
on profit-taking. The cash demand -was mod
erate. The liquidation of May was the feature.
May closed %@Uc lower; July, unchanged.
Provisions were quiet, the main demand be
ing for lard. Hogß were easy, which had a
depressing effect early, but a good general de
mand developed later and the wheat and corn
strength was a. help under which the market
steadied and closed ilrm. July pork closed 2V4c
higher: July lard. 10@12%c Improved, and July
ribs 2V4@sc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady. Wheat, No. 2 red, 70c. No. 2 Corn
39%i?f40%c. No. 2 Oats, 24%@245ic: No. 2 white
26V4<8'2SV;c. No. 2 Rye, 53V«c. No. 2 Barley. 41®
44V4C. No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 73. Prime Timothy
Seed, $2 15. Mess Pork, per barrel, $11 75@12 80.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. April 27.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will . say: The un
settling developments In wire and steel stocks
and In the other stocks subsided only to leave
the market dull, apathetic and entirely pro
fessional In character. A large short Interest
was also created and the railroad stock list
up to Wednesday exhibited quite os much pres
sure from that source as from the liquidation
of long holdings. The public apparently has
been frightened by the performances of the in
dustrials and somewhat exaggerated accounts
of the less favorable state of steel and other
Industries, and commission-houses were much
more Inactive than for some weeks past. Lon
don also was reported unfavorably as to Amer
icans, partly by the events here and partly by
the lncr<^ing firmness of Its own money mar
kef and distributed its reduced participation
In the market here between buying and sell
ing, probably taking on balance slightly more
stocks than It sold. - The prospect of gold ex
ports served as a theme for discussion, but
even the announcement that XSOO.OIK) of snecle
would be shipped abroad on Thursday did not
have any particular effect, while the subse
quent decline of exchange ends the fear of a
large gold outflow for this week at least. The
ease in money and Its prospective continuance,
further favorable railroad earnings and ac
counts of conditions which pointed to the mod
ification of pessimistic values regarding Iron,
all contributed toward causing a steady tone at
the declines. From Monday to Wednesday,
however, railroad stocks were subjected to con
siderable selling and moderate concessions were
scored in many securities of that class, the
Industrials, with one important exception, hav
ing lost their speculative attractiveness. Amer
ican Sugar was the feature this week, respond
ing quickly to manipulation which seemed In
tended to force the large short Interest In the
stock to cover. At ths earne time some large
Interests evidently concluded that stocks were
still mainly In strong hands and that the mar
ket has been oversold. On Thursday vigorous
and successful efforts were set on foot to dis
lodge the bears from their position, the result
being heavy covering of short contracts
throughout the list and rallies, which, be
ginning In the prominent railroad shares, ex
tended to some of the Industrials.
button, while the strength of bituminous coal,
partly owing to the strike, but also to the in
creased demand for this product, Is sympathet
ically reeflected In the enlarged demand for the
steam grades of anthracite, which are expected
to be advanced on May 1.
In agricultural products the situation Is gen
erally one of sustained strength. Some slight
shading In wheat prices Is largely the result
of the flattering winter wheat crop prospects In
the sections west of the Mississippi. Spring
wheat seeding is reported almost completed In
the Northwest, much ahead of the average.
The sharp advances In the prices of lumber
last year and the unsettled position of the la
bor situation In the building trades are jointly
held responsible for the rather disappointing
business reported this spring. Hemlock lumber
Is lower and white pine is also weaker, but the
hard \ woods maintain much of their old
strength. /
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3,553,fi53 bushels, against 3,898,
451 last year of the same week, 3.028.403 In the
corresponding week of 1599. 4,449,009 In IS9S,
1,153,886 In 1597 and 1,260,499 In 1536.
Failures for the week In the United States
are well down to the minimum, numbering only
182. an Increase of 21 over la«t week, but two
less than In this week a year ago and compar
ing with 245 in this week of IS9B, 244 in 1807 and
234 In 1596.
Canadian failures of the week number 18, as
compared with 19 last week, 27 in this week
a year ago, 22 In 1898, 31 In 1897 and 26 In 18S6.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, April 27.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Gold begins to go abroad and prices of Iron
products • break sharply In the same week.
Four months of the new year have passed and
business does not so expand as to need the
large Increase of circulation which the new
monetary bill has permitted, nor enough to sus
tain all the extraordinary advance In prices
last year. The abundance of gold and of cur
rency and the large -disbursements by those In
charge of bonds have rendered rates for money
unusually low for the season here, while rare
Industrial and speculative activity In Europe,
with the war In South Africa, have tended to
make money dearer abroad.
So new gold from Alaska answers the loss
of supply from the Transvaal and America Is
building up In credits abroad a breastwork
against prostration In future here as In the
past caused by troubles In Europe.
The' reaction In prices came where It was
expected least. In the Industry more fully or
ganized than any other to check competition
and In the branch which, through contracts
covering rodmaking and other machinery and
through patents, seemed more fully controlled
than any other. ¦ A reduction of $20 per ton
in wire nails, barbed wire and galvanized
fence and $1S In smooth wire showed that no
control can afford to hold ; prices so high as
to check consumption. In a week the prices
of Iron products have declined 5.86 per cent,
and fjince February 7. 10.3 per cent. As the
wire and nail prices have been relatively the
highest others In the iron and steel ; Industry
can be expected to fall in like measure. But
pig Iron is weaker. No. 1 local coke at Chi
cago is $23 50 and Southern pig is also lower.
Plates and bars can be obtained for about I.S
cents In good contracts, both at the East and
at Pittsburg, the propesed advance In sheets
to 3.6 cents has not been attempted and nail
mills which have gained much by selling at
7 cents per keg below wire nails will now
lower prices also. The stoppage of a dozen
wire and nail mills, besides rod mills at Joliet
and another of the National Steel Company
Indlcate some change in the actual demand.
In the minor metals the only change has been
In tin. which declined rather sharply to $29 75
In sympathy with lower London quotations.
The tendency toward lower prices is strength
ened by the Idea that overproduction may ap
pear in other branches.
Wool has not changed In quotations, though
some sales of fair amount are • reported at
such prices as 31c for fair Ohio XX and 55c for
clothing, territory cleaned, but manufacturers
are not disposed to do anything and the West
asks prices which dealers have no reason for
paying. The demand for woolen goods Is small
and disappointing, and. except in staples which
are steady beeau*; well sold up, prices are
not encouraging.
Shipments of boots and shoes from the East
In four weeks have been 3CC.323 cas?s, against
339.498 cases last year. 304.061 cases in ISSS and
less In any other year. New business bears no
proportion to the present output and the num
ber of works which are closed or running part
time is increasing. Manufacturers realize that
this is a result of prices asked ami of slow
retail distribution and long stocks remaining
on hand, but claim that lower prices cannot
be made without loss. Business in sole leather
Is reported fair and prices do not yield, but
upper leather Is dull.
The produce market Is inactive, though wheat
yielded a fraction. Exports continue larger
than a year ago, Atlantic exports of wheat in
four weeks, flour included, having been 8,099.
567 bushels, against 8.017.455 bushels last year,
and Pacific exports 2,72."),19C, against 1,373,822
last year.
Failures for the week have been 204 In the
United States, against 184 last year, and 22 in
Canada, against 23 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
14.339 barrels; exports, 30,318. Moderately active
and steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 43.437 bushels; .exports.
56.653. ' Spot, firm: No. 2 red. 73% c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 76% c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Dululh. 7«% c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth, 78?»c f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions were generally firm all day, especially In
the afternoon, stlmulatel by rumors of good
export trade at the West, higher English cables
and chinch bugs In Kansas. Local shorts were
the best buyers and the market closed firm at
Hft%c net advance. May. 73 7-16®73*ic, closed
73*ic; July. 73<873>,i<374c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
. WOOI/— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot, quiet; No. 7 Invoice. 7%e:
mild, quiet; Cordova. 93461355 C. Futures closed
quiet and unchanged, prices 15 points net de
cline Total sales were 14,Pf») bags. Including:
May. $6 6i>ftU 65; September, $6 F5: October. $6 !0;
November, $6 05 ; December. 7 13.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 13-16 c;
centrifugal 56 test, 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3?ic: refined, aulet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2971 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 15H^lS',sc; factory, 13@
14'ic.
EGGS — Receipts, 13,523 packages. Steady;
storage Western at mark, 12%(5'13c; regular
packing at mark, 12@12V4c: Southern at mark,
11»4g12c.
DRIED FRUIT.
The market for evaporated apples was very
active and steady at unchanged prices. Cali
fornia dried fruits quiet and steady, with only
a small jobbing trade at previous prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4V4«ir.c; prime, 5%@6c; choice, "S^Uc; fancy,
7V-®Bc.
CALIFORNIA PRUNES— Z^QIc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13!513c: Moorpark. 15®18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18@23c; unpeeled. 7V4@
10c. .
$1 25@1 50 for Garden; String Beans. s@7e for
Los Angeles and 97f10c for Vacavllle; Horse
Beans. 75c@$l per sack; Cabbage. 40@50c: Toma
toes, $1 25(tf2: Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8®
12Hc: Dried Okra. 32Hc per lb; Garlic. 3c:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles. 6@loc; Dried
Peppers, SfjlOc; Carrots. 25^35c per sack; Los
Angeles Summer Squash, $1 23@1 50 per box;
Cucumbers. 20c@|l per dozen.
Pdultry and Game.
Only three cars of Eastern have come In thus
far this week, the smallest quantity for some
time, and the market rules firm In consequence,
small broilers alone belns weak. Hens and
young Roosters are firm..
POULTRY-^Live Turkeys. J^llc for Gob
blers and 13I&14C for Hen 3 ; Ucese. per pair.
$1 75fi2- GoFllor". ?2 2V'/2 BO- Puck". $4 io<io *»
for old and $6@7, for young; Hens, $s<g6:
Y<-ung RooMerfe. t&U&V. «Hi rCoosiers $* Z;><B> !
4 50; Fryers. $5 50«6; Broilers. $3 ioa4 50 for [
large and ?2 50@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per
dozen tor old and {1 Tatft for dquabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are quieter and some dealera report a j
rather dragging market. There is no change in j
Cheese. Butter Is firm enough, but it Is owing ]
to packing, as receipts otherwise are' ample for I
all needs. I
Creamery— Fancy creamery. seconds.
17c
Dairy— Fancy. 16^^170; good to choice. 14@
16c; common. 14c. , „_
CHEESE— New. 7H@Sc: Young America. 80
S^c: Fasfern. 16@17c: Western. 15«16c per lb
EGGS— Quoted at Httlac for store and 16'tf
17c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cherries are slightly lower. Strawberries are
somewhat firmer.
One car cf Oranges was auctioned at 63390 c
for standard Mediterranean Sweets and $1 333
1 60 for standard Navels. •>
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 75c® $2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S4®6 per chest for large
and . $7^lo for small berries. Receipts were
226 chests Blackberries from the south, .
CHERRIES— 50t?73c per box for conftnon red
and white and 85c@$l 23 for black. Receipts
were 723 boxes. . ,„_„ _.
CITRUS FRUIT3— Navel Oranges, $1 25® 2 ¦¦>
per box; Seedlings./ 75c@$l 75; Lemons, $10150
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas. $1 25@3 o0
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50©4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market for all descriptions rules dull.
Raisins are becoming largely nominal, as the
disintegration of the association promises more
or less Irregularity In prices In the near fu
ture.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 3\ic for
40-30' s. 3V4c for EO-60's, 3%c for 60-70' s. 3@3%c for
70-SO's. 2\®3e for 80-90's and 2^c for 90-lC0"s;
Apricots. 9®loc for Royals and 10311 c for
Moorparks; Peaches, i^'Qtc fcr Standards, 6c
for choice and 6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 100
12\4c; Evaporated Apples, oVitJGc; Sun-dried. 39
4c per lb; Pears. 3«-e4V.c for dark and 7@3c for
bright halves: Black Figs. l?«@2c; White Figs,
2®3c; Bleached Plums, 7Vjc; unbleached Plums.
6c for pitted and lHc for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's —Fancy, per
lb. 18c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultana^ —
Fancy, per lb., B%c; choice, 7Vfcc; standard. 6Hc;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. ' $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Walnuts, Bi@Sc for standards and
9®loc for Hoftshells; Almonds, Uhtftttc for
paper shell, 9jflOc for soft and 4®sc for hard
shell. Peanuts, i'H'Q^c for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts, IViific. Filberts, 12®
12Ue. Pecans, HSl3c. Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. ll'i@l2c for bright and 10tf@
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7\c; light amber extracted, 7Vi©7%c; dark,
l\'udc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S2CC per lb.
still high. Otherwise there la nothing new in
fruits and vegetables.
Fish Is cheaper.
Coal i>er ton —
Cannel $— — ®13 00 Seattle $3 50® •
Wellington .. — — ©10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington .. — -» r 
ton ...., #M o<l Coos Bay @. CO
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per sqr...3s@4o! Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 35<W— dozen — ©20
Cheese Cal HVff 12 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. ..l7f<2» pound 12®U
Cheese. Swiss 20<a35 Do. extracted...— @l>
Common Eggs..l3<gl7»2l *
Meats, per lb— ._
Bacon 12t?l" [Pork, salt 1231.3
Beef, choice lot? 20 Pork Chops 15®H
Do good lixft 12 Round Steak I*@U
Corned Beef — ®li> Sirloin Steak 15f?—
Ham, Eastern.. l"Vs**— Porterhouse dt>....2Ortf2j
Lard — I*ls. Smoked Beef — @li
Mutton 10<@12,Pork 9ausage3..l2H«2>
Spring Lamb 12313* Veal UQU
Pork, fresh 15820)
Poultry and Game — ,
Hens, each 60tJS3| Turkeys, per 1b...13ff?3
Young Roosters. | Ducks, each CcSJI
each 73CcJ$l Geese, each. ..ll 25^2 s<»
Old Roosters. ea..K5©73 Pigeons, pair 4O@s">
Fryers, each «5@73 > Rabbits, pair 40@5'>
Broilers, each 50(3601 Hare, each — ©20
Fruits aod Nuts-
Almonds, per lb-.U'gW,' Limes, per dozen. lo<sl2
Apples : 6^ 8 Raisins, per lb s<Sli>
Bananas, dozen.. .l<V9ir>! Strawberries, per
Cherries, per Ib..lQ<g2o drawer Zo<SSS
Dranges. doien — ux&ii; Walnuts, per lb...— <jli
Lemons, dozen VHQZOI
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0r.. .30360 Onions, per lb I# 5
Asparagus, per lb. 4'gi') Okra. dry, p«r lb.— S.V>
Beets, dozen 12iS15: Peppers, green. lt). lSQZt)
Beans, white, lb.. s©— l Potatoes per lb.. 3(s i
Colored, per lb.. 4® 5 3weet Potatoes 4© J
Lima, per lb — — 0 8 Parsnip*, per doa.ls@—
Cabbage, each s@lo Rhubarb, per lb.. 4® «
Cauliflowers, each SSIO Radishes, di bchs. I*^l3
Celery, bunch s<i*— Sage, rln* bnch»..2!wr.
carets, doz bachs..2O@33 String Beans, tb-.lOS'lj
Cucumbers, per | Summer Squash.
dozen 50c@$l 25; per pound grgio
Kg* Plant, lb 12320: Thyme, per 11> 20«3o
Green Peas, lb 3-g 5; Turnips, per do>..vxji*
Lentils, per lb <^3 8 Tomatoes, per 1b.10@12
Lettuce, per doz.. 15® — I
Fish-
Barracuda 15^— Shad 12313
Carp 12 a— Sea Bass — <© —
Codfish — «13 Smelts 151?—
Flounders 12®— Soles 10Q13
Halibut 1552« i Skates, each 10@20
Kingftsh -Hsfls|Tomcod 15&—
Mackerel — #— :Clams. gallon 50©—
Do Horse — © — ( Do hardshell. 100. 4i>330
Perch 12g 15 Crabs, each 10013
Pompano — if — ' Do softshell. dz.25@35
Rockflsh 154?— ' Mussels, quart.... 1*312
Salmon, fresh 15@20, Oysters. Cal. 100..4i>ff50
Do. smoked — «20l Do Eastern. doz.2Sjp«
Shrimps B#lol
Provisions.
Dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium. 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and UVic for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13Vi<gl4c; Mees Beef, $12 per
bbl- extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork $14 sO'aris; extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12HS13c cer lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 70Sc per lb for
compound and SHt®9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure W*c; 10-lb tins. 9\c; 5-lb tins, IOUe.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8%©5%0 per lb; half
barrels. B^!BS%c; 10-lb tins, 9',4C
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands s»!l
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lCftllc: medium, 9Vic; light. 9<g9Hc; Cowhides,
9©9^c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9®9Hc; Calf, 10c;
Dry Hides, sound. 13® 19c; culls and brands.
15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16©17 c: Dry Calf. 1912
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, lS@3oc each; short
Wool. SSi&tK'c each: medium. 70^90c; long Woot.
$1®125 each; Horae Hides. $2 25«3 for large
and $1 2:V{il 75 for email: Colts. 25©30 c. Deer
."kins— Summer or red skins. 40c: fall or medi
um skins. 33c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goal
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. E<S5-jc per lb; No.
2, iSil^c; refined, 64c; grease. 2Vi®3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free. 16®lSc; Northern defective. 13ft
lCc: Middle County, free. 15<gl7c; Middle
County, defective. 13®13c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12*?14c; do. free, 7 months'. 12313 c;
do. defective. 7 months'. liX<sl2c: Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20®23c: Nevada. 16Q1SC per lb.
HOPS— €<S9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations seem pretty well established for
he time being and have made veiy little change
for some days.
BEEF— 6®7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6»*4»9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7Hc; ewes, 6J£37c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. S@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, STi^^c for small and
medium and 34 l 8c.?&c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, VA'&oVic; dressed Hcgs. 7@S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6U<?T6>ic: "Wool Bags, 2SH&32Sc;
Fleece Twine, i^f.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southflt-ld Wellington. $7 30; Seattle
$6 CO; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $3; Wallseml. $3';
Co-operative Walls-jnd. $S: Cumberland. $I*2 irl
bulk and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke 115
per ton in bulk and *17 in sacks: C?»tle Viata
and Rock Springs. $S 43 per 2<*X> lbs.
Harrison's circular says: "It is sinirular how
the coal arrivals at this port will vary Last
week there were seventeen deliveries. " sixteen
from the Coast and one from Australia a total
of 42,895 tons, whereas this week Uiere have
been only six deliveries, five from British Co
lumbia, 15,999 tons, and one from Washington
40CO tons; total. 19,99!» tons. Fuel is comint to
hand in the shape of coal and oil. fully as
briskly as t consumers' requirements call for
and th? outlook is pretty well assured for an
accumulation In the yards of the wholesalers
later on. Any reduction from present prices
may not be anticipated, as the market is en
tirely In the hands of the proprietors of the
Coast collieries, notwithstanding there is a lonsr
line of vessels listed to load from \ustralia
with a carrying capacity of 113.C00 tons but the
cost of same landed here Is in excess of the
British Columbia product. English and Scotch
coals are about excluded from this market and
we may look for only spasmodic shipment's of
Welch from Swansea and Cardiff. There were
rumors this week of possible labor troubles in
British Columbia among the miners- • fortu
nately a compromise was effected, and" but lit
tie delay was caused. A oeisaticn of their out
put would cause very serious complications her*
locally. Coal freights from Australia are steariv
at la?t week's Quotations." '
RlCE— China mixed. $4 05495 50; China \o 1
$t 23@4 70; extra do. $3@3 50; Hawaiian f3®3 S3-
Japan, $4 ~>W 5; Louisiana. $4 50@7 .•*"**" -»•
SUGAR-Tlie Western Hugar Kenning Com-*
pany quotes, per 1b in 100-lb baga- Cuhei a
Crushfd and Fine Crushed, 5.50c •' P O C'^
6.50 c: Candy Granulated. 5.10 c: DryGnZt S"
Ec:. Contectioners' A. sc: Magnolia^ 4 6 fc :
Extra C. 4. We; Golden C. 4.40 - bar-els 1^
more: half-barrels. 23c more; boxes. 60c nnr.
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders takenfo?u«
than 75 bairels cr Its equivalent .Doming
half-barrels. 5.73 c; boxes, 6c per lb
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 27
Flour, qr «>ks 8.190 Onions sks ' k->o
Wheat, ctls 70.621 Sugar.'sks .'.'..'.'" ISS
Barley, ctls 3.230 Hay. tons 7!s
Oats, ctls 1.570 Wool, bags ii
Rye, ctls ICO Pelts, bdls 147
Cheese, ctls 145 Hides. No 571
Butter, ctls 523 Lime, bbls . iso
Tallow, ctls 23^ Eggs, dozen ."["kotS
Beans, sks 11 Leather, rolls ' ri
Potatoes, sks 1.054 Wine, gallons ""0 230
WASHINGTON. " '
Flour, qrsks...... 4,930 | Oats, ctls <30
prices slipped back, the close being heavy.
Atchison issues alone were hard on the net
earnings reported for March. Tlntos reacted
V* on profit-taking.
The bank bouzht £31.000 gold in bars. Call
money was firm on settlement demands. Bills
were firm. A few loans were repaid to the
bank, which did a moderate business /In dis
counts. Silver was easier on the decline In
Manila exchange, which depressed Mexican dol
lars to 27Hd.
CLOSING.
LONDON. April -27.— Canadian Pacific, 9SU;
Union Pacific preferred. 77%; Northern Pacific
preferred. 78*4 ; Atchison. 2SU: Grand Trunk,
8; Rands, 36%; bar silver, steady, 27 7-16 d;
money, 4 per cent.
Bank Clearings.
! NEW YORK, April 27.— The following table,
1 compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at all principal cities for the week ended
April 27, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,084,510,730 9.4
Boston 135,288,910 .... 10.2
Chicago 120,306,232 12.0 ....
Philadelphia 55,14»,93i 11.3
St. Louis 31,701,846 9.9
Pittsburg 39,976,378 12.8 ....
Baltimore 25,883.935 8.8
San Francisco 15.514,298 .... 9.2
Cincinnati 14. 450.830
Kansas City 15,831.443 24.5
New Orleans 8,726,156 20.4
Minneapolis 5.65'.».1!>8 H-2
Detroit 7.489.821 7.7
Cleveland 9.670,183
Louisville 7,991,355 10.4
Providence 6,0!rt.000 *o ••••
Milwaukee 5.667,971 19.1 ....
St. Paul 4.165,239 6.3
Buffalo 4.621,6(50 7.0
Omaha 5.2i50.653 32.0 ....
Indianapolis 5.316.750 .... 11.6
Columbus. Ohio 4,849.500 5.0
Savannah 5.149,506 90.9
Denver 3,850.699 23.3 ....
Hartford 2.122.706 3.2
Richmond 3,147.73'J b.3
Memphis 3.027.945 100.4
Washington 2.763.6J-2 23.5 ....
Peorla 1.780,220 .... 1.9
Rochester 2.167,678 31.2 ....
New Haven 1,2a9.501 .... 21.3
Worcester 1.4&5.940 .... 18.3
Atlanta 1.257.923 4.7
Salt Lake City 1. 838,266 .... ....
Sprlr.Klleld. Mass... 1.255.779 .... 54.8
Fort Worth 1,571,465 .... 13.8
Portland, Me 999.993 .... 24.6
Portland. Or 1.669.456 7.5
St. Joseph 4.442.293 .6.1
Los Angeles ¦ 2,200,746 48.9
Norfolk 1,610.641 53.9
Syracuse 1,022.040 5.7
Dcs Moines 1,652,299 9.0
Nashville 1.453.000 10.9
Wilmington, Del... 948.933 2.0 ....
Fall River 877.142 12.7
Scran'on 1.357.813 10. a
Grand Rapids • 1.166.13G 15. 3
Augusta, Ga 656,571 29.6 ....
Lowell 595,497 33.0 '
Daytnn, Ohio 1.130,093 20. S
Seattle 2.0.-.3.121 ?9.7
Tacma 941.617 35.4
Spokane T44.734 .... 14.4
Sioux City L3J4.060 50.7
New Bedford 366.87S .... 8.0
Knnxvllle, Term.... 524.202 9.3
Topeka £37.901 3.8
Birmingham 5C2.601 .... ....
Witchlta 605.850 4.5
Rlnphamton 412.40") 16.7
Saginaw S:<<>,624 5.0
Lexington. Ky 413.433 63.8
Jacksonville, Fla... 291. 12« .... ' ....
Kalamazoo 3^3.863 41.5 ...„
Akron 39K.600 1.5
Heltna 415.171 .... 34.6
ChHttanooga 3f«h,595 19.1
Rockford. 11l 310.988 .... 6.3
Canton. Ohio 2f.6,300 10.3
Springfield. 0hi0... 2R5.645 23.2
Faiso. N. D 250,522 .... 26.2
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 155.4G9 15. 7
Hastlntrs, Nebr 1C4.3K8
Fremont. Nebr *2.911 .... 21.3
Davenport 892.5 M* .... 7.2
Toledo 1,722.804 27.0
Galveston 6.568,000 9.2
Houston 6,138.070 42.4 ....
Evnnsville 8Vt.564 11.3
Maoon 406.000 .... ....
Little Rock 444.764 27.5
Springfield. 11l 465.615
Youngstown, Ohio. 287,064 .... IS.O
Totals, U. S.. 51. 732. 446. 403 4.5
Totals outslile of
New Ycrk C47.P33.67R 5.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $17,763,874 .... 6.7
Toronto 9.369.903 6.8
Winnipeg 1,160.766 4.3
Halifax 1.341,211 3.3
Hamilton 766.195 2.2
St. John. N. B 645.500 14.9
Vancouver 1.009,96!) 33.2
Victoria 458.209 .... 29.9
Totals $29.021. 659 .... 0.7
«¦ *
Bradstrcct's Financial Review.
Wheat firm and slightly higher on call.
Barley quieter at previous quotations.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans, Bran and Hay as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs quieter.
Poultry firm and unclianged.
Cherries weakening. Berries and Oranges steady.
Dried Fruits and Raisins unchanged.
Very little doing in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Charters.
The Colllngrove loads redwood at Eureka for
Bydney; Qulckffp, lumber at Tacoma for Hon
olulu.
The N.le was chartered prior to arrival for
wheat to Europe, 40s 6d.
Fruit and Salmon in England.
The London Grocers' Gazette cays: "With
the arrival of the Arthur Fewall with 83.113
cases of California fruits the London market
1* a shade mor«? active, although the trading
Xr»m first hands is still small. The meat mar
ket 1» booming, consequent on the rapid ad
vance of prices in th« States. Three cargoes
of salmon have arrived In England, aggregat
ing 121. 840 cases. A good consumptive trade
J'revails with prices steadily advancing."
Jl'cathcr Report.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 27—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<Jatp cs compared with those of same date last
reason and rainfalls in last twenty-four boars:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 47. 9S 22.63
lied Bluff 0.00 21.71 1H.59
Sacramento 0.00 17.32 13. J2
San Francisco 0.00 18.10 13.94
Fresno 0.00 7. 53 7.CS
IridejiecUenc* 0.00 2.ft 1.18
San Lu'.s Obispo O.no 15. %2 16.31
Los Angeles 0.01 6.06 4.57
San I)i«rgo 0.C4 4.10 4.87
Yuma 0.02 O.SI 1.34
San Francisco <Ja:a: Maximum, 64; minimum.
47; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The weather if cloudy and threatening over
Southern California. Nevada. Utah and Arl
xona. Rain has fallen in Southern California,
Arlz-na and Utah. The rainfall in Northern
Arizona and Southern Utah has been quite
heavy.
The pressure has gcr-erally risen in all dis
tricts. A troughlike depression extends from
Arizona norths ettward through California. An
area of high pressure is central oil the Wash
ington coast.
The temperature has risen decidedly over the
northwestern portion of the Pacific Slope and
fallen over Southern Utah. Arizona and South- j
«m California.
A thunderstorm is reported at San &iego. j
The follow :r.g high winds are reported: Win- j
nemucca. 2S mi!?? p*>r hour from the north
?•jist: Red Bluff. 3u north: Sacramento, 35 north- J
w^st; Independence. 36 north.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty j
hours ending midnight April 2S:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; warmer
In southern portion: fre^h northwest wind.
Southern California— Showers, followed by
fair Saturday; fresh west wind: warmer.
Nevada — Cloudy, with ehowers Saturday;
warmer.
Utah— Cloudy, with rain or snow Saturday.
Arizona — Cloudy, with rain or snow Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
wanner; frc?h northwest wind.
n. n. willson.
Local Forecast Official. I
Foreign Futures.
SOO Missouri Kansas & Texas... , 114
1,700 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 35Vi
710 New Jersey Central 11S4
1.904 New York Central 135
2,600 Norfolk & Western 384
£00 Norfolk & Western prefd 79
. 16.450 Northern Pacific 68%
7,480 Northern Pacific prefd 75^
1,500 Ontario & Western 234
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
42.790 Pennsylvania 13SVi
300 Reading 19
; 7.700 Reading Ist prefd 594
500 Reading 2d prefd 31*fc
Rio Grande Western 50
: i Rio Grande Western prefd 82
200 St Louis & San Fran 10%
i St Louis & Pan Fran Ist prefd 694
i ! 4W St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35«4
I St Louis Southwestern 12' 4
o.OfiO St Louis Southwestern prefd 30" g
8.350 St Paul H9 7 i
St Paul prefd 173
Ft Paul & Omaha 119
16.410 Southern Pacific 37%
1,000 Southern Railway 134
1.400 Southern Railway prefd 58
2.4 M Texas & Pacific 194
i 2.412 I'nlon Pacific 56%
761 I'nion Pacific prefd 75*4
i ».oaO Wabash XX T *
I 2.2r4 Wabash prefd 23S
! 1.280 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10H
I 1.457 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29V4
100 Wisconsin Central 174
Express Companies—
Adams 120
American »6
I I'nited States 48
! Wells-Fargo 125
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cottnn Oil 35* i
! American Cotton Oil prefd &6
i American Malting 3*i
100 American Malting prefd 21
«0O American Smelting & Refng 37*4
S"3O American Smelting it Refng prefd.. 89
American Spirits 24
| American Spirits prefd 1"
6^ American Steel Hoop. 2"
520 American Steel Hoop prefd 754
j 3.4*0 American Steel & Wire 414
! 3,ls'> American Steel & Wire prefd 7SV*,
| American Tin Plate 27 1 *
LOW American Tin Plate prefd 7?4
: 35.7V1 American Tobacco I<M» 4
210 American Tobacco prefd 133
150 Anaconda Mining Co 464
' 29.<>79 Brooklyn Raplil Transit 73
2,400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 424
! 29,740 Continental Tobacco 3»4
2.171 Continental Tobacco prefd SIS
! 7.173 Federal .Steel 424
935 Federal Steel prefd 70 j
875 General Electric 137
3*,0 Glucose Sugar 50 j
. Glucose Sugar prefd &6 !
1,223 International Paper 23% l
110 International Paper prefd 654
I LHcle'de Gas '. 71H
: 200 National Biscuit :.... 324
i National Biscuit prefd 85
National Load 22%
100 National Lead prefd ?..1044
20() National Steel 3".U
l.f«'O National Steel prefd 89%
New York Air Brake 125
i North American 14%
100 Pacific Coast 51
Pacific Coast l«t prefd X
Pacific Coast id prefd 62
I I.C2S Pacific Mail 32' i 1
I 11.60 People's Gas 1044 1
200 Pressed Steel Car 48
145 PreFsed Steel Car prefd 814
573 Pullman Palace Car Ih6 |
Z?A Standard Hope & Twine 6'i |
15.775 Sugar 113S :
Sugar prefd 11l !
1.400 Tennessee Coal & Iron *3% !
70.130 I'nited State? Leather IZ% I
1.000 United States I>-ather prefd 71
United States Rubber 32 : i ,
l.'nited States Rubber prefd 97
745 Western I'nion 52 1 % i
1.410 Republic Iron & Steel 17%.
6jo -Republic Iron & Steel prefd E9% j
; PC C & St Louis 64. I
100 Third Avenue IOSVi s
| 644,200 Shares sold. !
CLOSING BONDS.
' L' S 2s refunding. .lo24 11 X & T 4s SZVk
¦ U S 2s reg »Vi|N V Cen lsts 110>±
! U S 3s reg 10S%!S J Cen gen 35. ...122% I
. I' S 3s coup ICTUJN'o Carolina Gs....UVI ¦
': I.' S new 4s reg USVfINo Carolina 4s 106
I L' S new 4s coup. .134'ilKo Pac 3s 65% !
; IT S old 4s reg 114 NYC& Bt L 45.. .107 j
iV S old 4s coup 114 V& W con 4s 97% '
IB S r.s reg 112 >C & W gen 6s 144 !
jI" S3s coup in 1 ; :>r Nay lsts 108
I IJist of Col 3-C55...121 Dr Nay 4k 103% 1
• Atch!fon gen 45....1w%|3r S L 6s 128 i
j Atchison adj 45.... s4Hpr S I. con .'5....115 |
j Can So 2ds 107 'Reading gen 4s S3
| c; & o 4Hs WHIR G w lsts y?v; I
IC4O El 121 Ut L & I M con f.s.HOS I
C&; NW oon«ol 75.143 j-t L 4 S F gen 6s. 124 I
j C & NW SFdeb 55. 122 5t P C & P 15t5. .120 |
| Chicago Term 45.. »6 5t PC & P 55.... 122 |
V & H O lsts 103 ;*o Railway 5s 112% I
! I> & R G 4s SVM itand R & T 65.... 71»i I
i E T Va &. Ga lsts. 102^ irenn new set 35.. 95V< i
¦ Eri«- Ben 4s 73' i r & P lsts 113' i !
; F W & DC lsts.. 72U T & P 2ds 60
j Gen Elr-c .".s J2O I' P4s 10-3 j
; G H & S A 6s 107 ft'abash lßts ...118>£ |
I G II & S A 2d5...K« iVabash 2ds 103»,i |
H & T C 5s lllVi Went Hhore 4s 113
H & T C con 65. ..1 id .Vis On lets Vi%
lowa Cen lats 113 ;.'a Cf-nturiPS 61% |
X C P G lsts 72 i.'a Deferred 5 !
La new con 4s 107 ''ol So 4s S4 '
L & N unified 45..100'4i5 P 4y 83%
M X & T 2da 70 I
MINING .STOCKS.
Chcllar 20[Ontario 8 23
Crown Point 12 Ophir 5G
Con Cal & Va 1 4f. Plymouth 12
iJeadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 50
Gculd & t^urry 20 Quicksilver prefd... 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 30jSierra Nevada 3S
Homestake 30 00 Standard 3 90
i Iron Silver «S Tnlon Con 20
Mexican i 27lYellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Pacific 56%
Call loans S^ffrJH West End MS
Time loans 4 Ot '-< Wfstlnghouse E1... 47S
Stocks— Bonds—
AT£z S F 27 AtchlEon 4s 100
AT & S F prefd.. 70% Mining Shares-
American 5ugar.. ..113% Adventure 4S *
Am Sugar prefd... lll AUouez Mm Co 1%
Bell Telephone 340 Amalg Copper 92*4
Boston & A1bany... 243 Atlantic 24'/i
Boston Elevated. ...l 44 Boston & Mont 312
Boston & Maine. ...193 Butte^ &. Boston... 73
Chgo. Bur & Q 125 7 * iCalumet & Hecla.7ss
Dominion Coal 44% ' Centennial 20
Dom Coal prefd 116 J Franklin 1514
Federal Steel 42S Humboldt 75
Fed Steel prefd.... 70%iOsceola 68>,i
Fltchburg prefd...l36Sj Parrot 45
General Electric. .l37',i Qulncy 137>/4
Ed Elcc 111 205 ! Santa Fe Cocner... 6H
Mexican Central... 13V4 ; Tamarack 185
N E Gas & Coke.. ISV4 Utah Mining 3O',£
Old Colony 208 Wlnona 40»4
Old Dominion 19% Wolverines 40
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 27.— Money on call steady
at 2(52S Per cent; last loan, 2',-i per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4{is per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual bußlnens In bankers'
bills at $4 88»4 for demand and $4 84S for sixty
days; posted rates. $4 RSV4 and $4 K9<!}4 89W;
commercial bills, $4 53%<34 84V 4 . Silver cer
tificates, 59HQ60C- Bar silver. 59% c. Mexican
dollars, 47',ic. Bonds— State, railroad and Gov
ernment, strong.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, April 17.— T0-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of $150,000,000 gold reserve In the di
vision of redemption. shows: Available cash
balance. $146,304,523; gold. $79,428,797.
London Market
NEW YORK. Acrll 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: '
The markets here were most inactive, there
being no fresh business. The tone, however,
was firm. The war loan touched 1% premium
and closed 1%. This looks like working up the
premium for a new issue.
Americans started over parities. Little busi
ness in them stopped within half an hour
New York came aa an offerer of all Issues and
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
Lard, per 100 pounds. $7 20@7 35. Short Rib
sides, loose $6 95@7 29. Dry Salted Shoulders,
boxed. 6»i<37c. Short Clear sldea. boxed, $. oof
7 60. Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
lon. $1 25%. Sugar— Cut Loaf, 6c; Granulated,
5.41 c. ,¦ • -4
TITE SAJsT FKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
AUCTION SALES
SALE OF THE SEASON.
Consignment of SO head ot choice, well brok»
HORSES AND MARES from the Smith ranch.
Fresno. Monday. April 30. U o'clock, at Sales-
yard. 1574 MARKET ST., between Eighth an.;
Ninth, near Larkln. San Francisco, I will Mt]
at nubile auction 80 head of choice horses an 1
marea suitable for all purposes, ranzing la
weight from 9CO to 1400, ln age from 4 to 5
years all well broke- to harness. The abovs
stock' will arrive at yard Sunday. Anril 2fc
(CTPersons having use for good, serviceable
horses win find it to their advantage to atten !
this sale, as they will positively be sold I .
hl?he!«t bidder without limit or reserve. S.
WATKINS. Auctioneer.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 134<?ilSc: dairy. 124
ffjlSc. Cheese, firm. 10<jZ12c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
10^c
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— May. July.
Opening 591; 5 S%
Closing ...5S»i 5 S^s
Wheat — May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 25 21 85
Closing 20 33 21 S5
Flour-
Opening 26 85 28 50
Closing "6 90 28 65
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 27.— CATTLE — Receipts.
2000; light steers, steady; heavy 5c to 10c lower;
butchers' stock, strong. Native steers— Good to
prime. |4 90<g-5 85; poor to medium, $4 23@4 S5;
selected feeders, strong, $4 25(35 03: mixed
stockerep steady to slow, $3 40@4; cows, $3<??4 50;
heifers. $3 2394 85; canners. $2 20@2 90; bulls,
J2 90@4 30; calves. $4 50@6 65; Texas fed steers,
$4*75 23; Texas bulls, $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23.000: to-morrow,
13,000; left over, 1300; averaging- 5c lower; top.
$5 60. Mixed and butchers. $5 3G@5 55: good to
choice heavy, 15 4*55 60; rough heavy, $5 25f§>
5 35: light, $5 20@5 474: bulk of sales. $3 40@5 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000; shade easier. Good
to choice wethers. $5 25@5 60: fair to choice
mixed, $4 70®5 25; Western sheep, Jo 40@5 60;
yearlings, $5 50@6 65: native lambs, $3 50®7 25;
Western lambs, $6@7 25.
Nezu York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 27.— The only feature of
Importance In the market in metals to-day was
the cable news. Advices from London showed
declines In almost everything. Tin closed
weak at $29 1245J29 374. Pig Iron warrants
continue weak and nominally quoted at $15 50.
Iron. Northern No. 1 foundry. $21@23, nominal.
Lake copper ruled dull and unchanged at $17.
Lead was dull and nominally quoted at $4 674
bid and $4 72Va asked. Spelter was also dull
at $4 45(54 60. The brokers' price for lead was
$4 43 and for copper $17 23.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. April 27.— The Mincing lane sheep
skin sale opened to-day. Offerings numbered
125,000. a large portion of which were taken by
the home trade at ViS^sd decline.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 27.— Clearings, J456.277;
balances. JC6.079.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 27.— 1n the absence of any
special demand for wheat prices to a consid
erable extent are nominal; but Walla Walla 1h
generally reported E2fK3c and Valley about
the same. Very few sales are reported.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 27.— WHEAT— Bluestem 4c
higher and Club 4c lower, with little doing,
quotations being nominally 56c for Bluestem
and 53c for Club export
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s 4d®
Cs 44d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s ll l jd. Fu
tures, quiet; April, nominal; May, 5s 9%d; July,
5s S?fd.
CORN — Spot, firm: American mixed, new,
firm, 4s 3d. Futures, steady: May, 4s CVid;
July, 4s 14d; September, 4s l%d.
>
10
AKTICLKS. .' Open. Ilieh. Low. (Close.
Wheat No. 1 —
April ...i. ..... 655&
May i. :...:. , &"> 7 4 66% 63% Co
July 67% 67% 67% 67? i
September 68? i 65% 65% 65%
Corn No. 2—
April 39H
May 39»4 «H Z r j%, 3S-%
July ; 40% 41% 40"* 40%
September 41% 41% 41% «Vi
Oats No. 2—
May 23H 23% 22*4 23
July 23% 23% 23V* 23^
September 22,4 22H 22? i 22H
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 63 12 75 12 60 • 12 72>,J
July 12 80 12 92% 12 77% 12 87%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 7 20- 735 720 7 32U
July 725 740 725 7 37%
September 723 7 37% 725 733
Short Ribs, 100 lbs.
May 693. 707% 695 707%
July 7 02% 7 12% 700 7 12%
September 700 7 07% 700 7 07%
ARTICLES. • |ReceJpts-.|
| Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 12.000
IVheat. bushels 18,000
¦?orn, bushels 108,000
)ats, bushels 165,000
Rye. bushels 3.000
Barley, bushels 19.000
15,000
32.000
215.000
357,000
3.o<K>
10.000Improvement Clubs to Celebrate.
Tho -Sunnyslde Progressive. Falrmount
and Glen Park and the Holly Park Im
provement clubs will celebrate the event
of the completion of the Bosworth-street
tunnel at Glen Park next Sunday. A pro
gramme of musical and literary exerclsea
will be followed by fireworks and a ban-
QUCt.
Wins Century Stakes.
LONDON. April 27.— At the second day
of the Sandown Park second spring meet
ing the Century stakes of £10,000 was won
by Ivord.Durham's bay horse Osbech. The
Duke of Portland's Manners was second.
M. R. Lebaudy's Leblison. ridden by Tod
Sloan, finished third. There were eight
starters. •'_ ;j <,"'¦' •
/^ r *G*bb° n ' s .Dispensary,
A (iwc^a <»25 KF,.»P,\y J»T. EAtabllsbed
Cr rM in I< * s * 'or thPtroatniPntof Private
JbL^Jhi. i5iJ I>'se»'3 pB i Irfwt Jt.-iiihinnJ Debility or
EKS&SCTBa disease Tearinjron bodyand minuund
skin Diseases. Th«doctcrcureswh»'ii
33ft>^J-M.3j,,t!i(>rsfHll fl'ry him. Chnrgco iow
t -iSfiSijiJkJSj <"uir«S"««':«>»!»*« I «l. Ciiliurwrite.
Di . J. >'. ulBB<». Bus 1037. Kan Franciuco
Medical Men at Banquet.
Sigma Chapter of Alpha Kappa Kappa
Fraternity of the medical department of
the I'niverslty of California banqueted at
¦ rif.wntown restaurant last night. Toasfs
ami general Jollity filled the evening.
v ' riiv J N Force, E. A. Hazen, J. K.
Wife of Major Harvey Dead.
Mrs. Harvey, wife of Major Philip p.
Harvey, surgeon United States arniy. In
command of the post hospital at the Pre
bMlo, died at an early hour yesterday
The usual hop at the Presidio was post
poned Thursday night on account of Mrs.
Harvey's serious condition.
To CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San- Francisco:
* P.JI. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Franclset* at 5:30
Fvnnpcc p. m. with Palace and Tourist
>v al l 3 cars for Kansas City, St. Lonia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare nr»Ar»
and Baker&field. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•FDKPfI Market Street, Phone Main
Tray; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
&anta Clara Street.
MILL, VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC 'RAlLWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1900, via Sausallto Ferry. Week
days— Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p.
m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco. 8 a. m..
t a. ra.. 10 a. m., 11 a. m.. 1:30 p. m.. 2:39
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
salito Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market St., San Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco. 11 43.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am;iO:23 am
S:3O pm! 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
£taces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skairgf Springs: at Cloverdals
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bsd Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bprlnxs, Rlue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pcmo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. BucknelVs.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvilie. Orr's Hot
Springs. Menrtoctno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal, Wllllts. LaytonvlMe. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. •
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offleM. K0 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITTNO. R, X. RYAN.
General Manaeer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. ;
111< Broadway, April 27.
ADY VARDE-BULLER has been
removed to a private sanitarium
__j for the insane upon the authority
of her pi«:er. Mrs. Safford. who has '
irn* 1 from the Kast to make some ar
• -•ments for the care of her very er- ;
tie ladyship. i
On Wednesday last Dr. L. F. Herriok j
t her ladyship under his care and !
: iced her in Dr. Robertson's sanitarium
Uvermore. where she will be given
",r*> and attention in an effort to restore
ber physical and mental equilibrium.
There was b-jt little opposition to this j
.:. on the part of L-ady Yarde-Buller. ¦
ho has borome a nervous wreck from ;
the life that fhe has been leading for '
:> years. Mrs. Safford is determined
• tat matters shall t* 3 brought to an end
iztd that I-ady Yarde-Buller fhall be 1
•' a for whether she will or no.
:• a year ajro Lady Yarde-Bullpr
¦ is retnoTed from the control of her
:,. y. ?h^ was rapidly squandering her ;
ifft Inheritance from her mother, and at
r» quost of her sons a puardian was
pointed for the care of her estate. Suit
teas Instituted ap.iinst Ernest Wakf-man.
whom she had piven a deod at trust
I her fi;rtun<». to recover possession of ,
1 - r property and charges of th^ squander- |
lU£ of her money were made. The^e suits
are Ftill pendfnj? and nnthlnc of import- ;
; ncf h.'i^ been accomplished except to *
':.('• ;: guardian appointed and injunc- •
-, n« HmkvJ to prevent the further use;
vt her money by \Vnkeman. In the menn
lme Lady Yarde-Buller has been under ¦
the nominal care of a puardian. but the i
duties of the guardian went to the care ¦.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAJiCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:».
I:S0. 6:10. 6: JO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:3b.
6:00. 6:20 D. m. *
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«: 10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
<:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:&6 and 6:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:«. S:4«.
6:C5, 6:2S V. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
_^^^ ADVEBTISEMENTS. -*J^ _^_
Sreaf esf Eiervs and Blood Tonic
I have g-jTen personal Inspection to the working of M. I. S. T. oa the human system, and
•nnst 6ay that it entirely meets with raj professional sanction.
D. 11. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy. Philadelphia Medical Collef a.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how long- s-.andinjr. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der orxinlarp-d Prostate Gland, no matter if th« patienta bare been for years forced to nta
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impoiency that caa be cared, and permanently restore youthful vlror and
vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting-. Wi!l cure any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cascer and Cancerous Germs.
_n Addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has enred thousands of snff-
?-*rs. It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
FBE& |§ES E ju9 absolsttl; safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
6W/ &m P*m * leart - If TOtt are suffering- from any chronic disease yon are nrred to
»Sa Rf 3 '** write to us no matter how many doctors or Winds of medicine* y»a
aEd ESE3 fegra hare tri * a without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOf
That yea may judge of the value of the Great Specific for yonrself
we will send you one larte ease by mail FREE,only asUln* that
wn«n an red yonrself yon will recommend it toothers. Write confidentially to oar medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for IS.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo. 0.
BIRTHDAY OF
GENERAL GRANT
IS OBSERVED
Citizens of Galena Honor
the Memory of the Dead
• Soldier.
? - 1
Eoosevelt Says That the Nation in
Its Philippine Policy Must
Fight as Lee's Con
queror Fought.
GALENA. 111., April 27.— General U. S.
Grant's birthday was observed here to
day. The event him been celebrated an
nually for ten ye;irs with some speaker of
national reputation as orator, but the cel
ebration to-day was on a more elaborate
scale than heretofore. Governor Roose
velt of New York delivered the principal
oration. Special trains were run by the
railroads, and the announcement that the
fighting Governor was to be present
brought thousands of people into the city
which was for years the home of Grant.
Nearly every business block and hundreds
of private residences were ablaze with
Hags and bunting.
The special train bearing Governor
Roosevelt, Mrs. Nellie Grant Sartorls, her
son. Captain Sartoris; her daughter, Viv
ian Sartoris, and other distinguished vis
itors arrived from Chicago shortly before
the exercises began at Turner Hall.
After a few introductory remarks by
President Spare, Key. Dr. J. \V. Spensley
of Albany, N. y., delivered the invoca
tion. Then after a song. "In liberty's
r»ame, by a male quartet. Governor
Roosevelt was introduced amid great ap
plause.
Governor Roosevelt referred to Wash
ington, Lincoln and Grant as the three
greatest men the nation had produced,
and asked attention not to Grant's life
particularly but to the lessons it taught.
Continuing, he said in parf
In the tnion armies there were generals as
brilliant as Grant, but none with his iron de
termination. This quality he showed as Presi
dent no less than as general. He was no more
to De influenced by a hostile majority In Con
gress into abandoning his attitude in favor of a
sound and stable currency than he was to be
influenced by check or repulse Into releasing
his grip on beleaguered Klchmond. It Is this
element of unshakable strength to which we
are apt especially to allude when we praise a
man in the most effective way, by praising him
as a man. It is the one quality which we can
least afford to lose. It is the only quality, the
lack of which Is as unpardonable in the nation
as In the man. A nation that has not the
power of endurance, the power of dogged In
sistence on a determined policy, come weal or
woe, has lost one chief element of greatness.
The people who wish to abandon the Philip
pines because we have had heavy skirmishing
out there, or who think that our rule Is a fail
ure whenever they discover some sporadic up
growth of evil, would do well to remember the
two long years of disaster this nation suffered
before the July morning when the news was
flashed to the waiting millions that Vicksburg
had fallen in the West and that in the East
the splendid soldiery of I,ee had recoiled at
last from the low hills of Gettysburg. Even
after this nearly two years more were to pass
before the end came at Appomattox. Through
out this time the cry of the prophets of disaster
never ceased. The country was saved by the
fact that our people as a whole were steadfast
and unshaken.
But in onsiderine the life of Grant It Is pe
culiarly appropriate to remember that besides
the regeneration In political and social life
within our own borders, we must also face
what has come upon us from without. No
friendliness with ether nations, no good will,
for them or by them, can take the place of na
tional self-reliance. No alliance, no inoffensive
conduct on our part, would supply, in time of
need, the failure In ability to hold our own
with a strong hand. We should work out out
own dostlny by our own strength. A vigorous
nation lik.-» curs does not always stay still. Now
and then there comes a time when It Is sure
either to shrink or to expand. Grant saw to
It that we did not shrink, anil therefore we had
to expand when the Inevitable moment came.
Great <!utl<-p face us In the islands where the
Stars and Stripes now float In place of the ar
roirant flag of Spain. Ab we perform those du
ties well or ill. so will we in large part de
termine our right to a place among the preat
nations of the earth. As a nation we shall have
to choose our representatives In those islands
as carefully as Grant chose the generals who
were to serve at the vital points under him.
Fortunately so far the choice has been most
wise. No nation has ever sent a better man
than we sent to Puba when President McKlniey
appointed as Governor General of that Island
I^eonard Wood: and now in sending Judge Taft
at the head of the <^immlßsion to the Philip
pine*, the President has apnln chopen the very
best man to be found In all the United States
for the purpose In view.
To do our duty, that l» the num and Kubgtanrn
of the whole matter. We are not trying to win
Blory: we are not trying- to do anything brilliant
or unusual. We are setting ourselves vigor
ously at each task a* the task arises, Rnrt we
are trj'lntr to face each difficulty as Grant faced
innumerable and eminently frreater difficulties.
The sure way to suoreed Is to pet about our
work in the spirit that marked the jrreat fol
dler whose life this day we celebrate: the spirit
of devotion to duty, of determination to deal
fairly. JUFtly and fearlei-sly with all men. and
of iron resolution never to abandon any task
once befrun until It has been brought to a tuc
cessful and triumphant conclusion.
Julia Dent Grant the Guest.
PITTSBt'RG, Pa., April 27.— The four
teenth annual banquet of the American
Republican Club of this city in commemo
ration of the birth of General Ulysses S.
Grant, was held at the Hotel Schenley to
night and was in many respects the most
successful dinner yet given by the famous
organization. The guest of honor was
Mrs. Julia Dent Grant, widow of the
great soldier and statesman, and among
the distinguished personages present. were
Postmaster General Smith, Congressman
Robert G. Cousins of lowa, Senator M. A.
ITanna of Ohio. Governor O. W. Atkinson
of West Virginia, Colonel James E. Har
nett of Pennsylvania and Charles F. Dick
of Ohio.
LAMBERT AND
GATES TO BE
PROSECUTED
Summons Issued for Offi
cials of the Steel and
Wire Company.
Washington Seligman, Who Bought
Stock of the Trust Before the
Slump, Charges Them
With Fraud.
»
NEW YORK. April 27.— The Times to
morrow will publish the following devel
opments in tho affairs of the American
Steel and Wire Company, likely to cause
a sensation, which were made known yes
terday (Friday). Summonses are now in
the hands of the law firm of Lamb &
Voss for Chairman Gates of the company
board of directors and John Lambert, ttie
president, both of whom left this city for
Chfcago last Wednesday, and it is the in
tention of the attorneys to take further
legal proceedings, which will Include ef
forts to get extradition papers if Gates
and Lambert show no intention of com
ing back to this city.
Magistrate Zeller, who granted the sum
monses at a private hearing, has issued
them in blank, so that the attorneys can
fill In the dates at which they may be
made returnable.
The first complainant in the case was
Washington Seligman of the firm of Se
llgraan & Van Antwerp. There is a sec
ond complainant, whose name has been
withheld.
The summonses against Gates and Lam
bert were issued on application made un
der section 611 of the Penal Code of this
State, headed: "Misconduct of officers
and employes of corporations." Some
time ago it was officially stated that the
directors of the steel and wire company,
In view of the prosperous condition of the
corporation's affairs, intended soon to re
tire $5,000,000 of the preferred stock, the
total amount of which outstanding is $40.
000.000 at par. On the strength of this
statement Washington Seligman and the
other client of Lamb & Voss bought Steel
and Wire preferred stock. When Mr.
Gates shut down twelve of the company's
mills and gave interviews on Monday,
April 16. in which he was quoted as say
ing that the steel and iron business was in
bad shape and that the demand for prod
ucts of his company was hardly 30 per
cent in volume of what it should be, the
common and preferred stock began to
tumble. These have never recovered their
loss. Gates was quoted as prophesying on !
Monday that the price of steel rails would
fall to about $20 a ton in a week, which It
by no means did, and the men who later
procured summonses against them specify j
that statement as unjustifiable.
Weekly Gall, $1.00 ' per Year.
Will Celebrate Dewey Day.
St. Francis parishioners will c«!ebrat<*
the second anniversary of the victory of
Manila Hay next Tuesday at Shell Mound
i'.jrk. Captain P. Connors. J. Kittennon
and P. liucklf y compose the co""-Htee in
fci.fa.Jiiv. of V..-J affair.
Native Daughters Entertain.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, April 27. — The Native
Daughters, in black-face, gave an enter
tainment in minstrelsy this evening and
scored a tremendous success. The Opera
house was crowded to Its utmost capacity
and tho verdict of all present is that the
performance was a better one than has
been given by many professional com
panies that have vlslltd Woodland this
season.
MYSTERIOUS FOOTPAD
STILL PLIES HIS TRADE
J. W. Jilts Held Up Early This
Morning at McAllister and
Octavia Streets.
At an early hour this morning J. TV.
Ji!f.«. a clerk, reported to the police that
v.!iile OH liis way horn* he was held up
tit the corner of McAllister and Octavia
Mm-ts.
The- footpad demanded Jiles* valuables
and enforced li:s demand by pointing :i
pistol at his bead.
A young man named Owens was accom-
I -jinin* Jilef at the time; but at the sight
iA the pistol he ran, screaming at th<- top
of his voice. ,
The robber, after Becurirg hi* booty ran
:iv.ay. and was pootj lofi Kight of. A «le
rc-ripucn Of Uu robber given by JUes tal-
Ues with that of the footpad who has been
terrorizing the resident* of the Western
Addition for tho past week.
Lived More Than a Century.
There was a pleasant entertainment last
night at Hoover Hall, 1327 Market street.
The occasion was a benefit for Captain G.
E. D. Diamond, who has reached the un
usual age of 104 years. Mr. Diamond has
the appearance of a man of 65, but pos
sesses the vigor of a young man. He
walks fifteen miles n day for exercise, and
his final ambition after passing the cen
tury mark Is to walk from the Pacific to
tho Atlantic coast line.
The Physical Culture Society, which
gavo the benellt. Illustrated the graceful
and athletic work of the class by the ef
forts of a lot of handsome young ladles.
There was music and a general literary
entertainment, which was enjoyed by a
.goodly audience. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via £ausallto ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1900.
FROM SAN* FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:CO. •S.ZQ. »:JO. 11:00 •» m.;
12:43. *1:43. 3:15. 4:15. '5:15. «:IJ. «:40 p. m.
KXTRA TIUPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. *S:C«. »9:00; 'I^OO, 11:00. U:JO
a. m. ; 12:45. '1:30. 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. «:00» 7:20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•> run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:3S. ««:30. 7:50. 8:40. «10:lS a.
m.: 12:30, 1:15. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IS. »8:00. »r.S9, •11:00*. m.; •12:00
m.; 1:00. 2:15, K.M. 4:30. *SHo. «:15, 7:30. 10:20
p. m.
Trains marked {•) start from San Queatln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5-.53. 6:45. 8:00, 8:55. 10:» a.
D>; 11:35 I:*\ 2:45. 3:30. 4:50, 5:20 J>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
ant! Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:3S. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m. : 11:13,
1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30. p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:CO a. m. week days— Casadcro and way sta>
tlons.
J:l5 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*.
5:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
YOUNG COUPLE OF
BERKELEY ELOPE
KKRKELET. April 27.— Eugene Sullivan
la hunting for Ml daughter Belle, 1" years
I. who rloped last Tuesday with Wll
liana Geerflly. aged 30 years. Both families
live in Orinda Tark. a little village about
rlKht niiea back of Berkeley. The parents
of the p'.rl objtctc-d to her marriage be
cause of hf-r youth, and to overcome this
the loven ¦':• t'-rmir.ed upon elopement. No
trace of :>,<• cjuple has been had since
Isst W..3r.. : :i y. when they were seen In
an Oak!a!;.. rotaurant. Both partiep are
jod familial?, 'leerdly pos«essf-s consid
erable property. Marshal Lloyd Is endeav
oring to locate the couple.
RUDE AWAKENING FROM
THEIR DREAM OF NOME
Men Who Bought Shares in a Phan
tom Company Claim They Have
Been Swindled.
Henry Fuchs has been held In the Po
lice Court, under bonds of $300, on a
charge of obtaining money under false
pretenses from J. Hammerman of 444
Brannan street and Henry Uehlif of 317
Minna street. Hammerman and Uehlif
haw an advertisement for ten men to go
to Cape Nome.
Their story is that they met Fuchs, who
told them that he wished to form a com
pany of ten with $500 each. Uehlif had
only fCS, but he was an expert miner and
had been In Alaska two years. Fuchs
raid that he would let him In cheaper on
that account and took his $65 and gave
him a receipt for $SCO. Hammerman also
nan been a miner and has a process for
*avlng fine gold. He was made a member
of the company on the payment of $50.
Fuchs promised to buy the men tickets
with their money. No tickets were forth
coming and the mon became uneasy.
FuchH told them that the money would go
for machinery. An Investigation fol
lowed and the discovery was made that
Fuchs had' no steam launch or machinery
bllamni'crmaiib 1lamni'crmaii and Uehlif demanded tl)elr
money lack. Fuchs told them to meet
liim' and his wife and he would repay
them from .i deposit, he had In a local
bank Mis Fuchs informed the men
Sal she had no money. When their pa-
Uence was t-xhausted Uehlif sv/ore to the
complaint acminst Fuchs.
FOR A DIVISION OF
THE ORIENTAL TRADE
Transcontinental Railroad Presidents
Will Hold Adjourned Meeting
Here to Settle Old Dispute.
An adjourned meeting of transcontin
ental railroad presidents is to be held
In this city during the last week in May,
and the story has been circulated that
the intention is to raise trans-Pacific
rates. Men who are competent to judge
the situation ridicule any such statement.
There is nothing new in the fact that the
meeting is to be held horo. It is posi
tively known that the object of that meet
ing will be to arrange a plan for the divi
sion of the Oriental business among the
American and Canadian linos.
For a long time the Canadian Pacific
road has had a differential of 10 per cent
on business from New York to San Fran
cisco, but the differential did not apply
to Pugct Sound points. The American
roads have tried to get the Canadian Pa
eilic to give up this differential and a
committee of arbitration was appointed.
This committee found in favor of the Am
erican roads. The Canadian Pacific would
not agree to the change, so tho Amer
ican roads threatened to compete with the
Canadian Pacific Steamship line out of
Vancouver. This brought the Canadians
to time and the differential went out in
March. The -meeting to take place here
was adjourned from Denver, where the
discussion concerning the differentials was
begun come time ago.
PRUNING PROCESS ON
KAISER'S NAVAL BILL
Reichstag Budget Committee Elim
inates Much of the Proposed
Increase.
BERLIN. April 27.— The Budget Com
mittee of the Reichstag to-day adopted
by a vote of 20 to S a. motion of the Cen
trists granting, the battleships asked for
by tho Government, but eliminating the
provision for an increase of the foreign
service fleet and reducing the Increase
demanded for the reserve fleet. The pro
posals adopted pro\ - ide that the fighting
fleet shall consist of two flagships, four
squadrons of eight battleships each, eight
large and twenty- four small cruisers; for
foreign service a fleet of three large and
ten small cruisers; for the reserve four
battleships and three large and four small
cruisers, and that the appropriation for
necessary supplies shall be included in the
annual estimates.
By this action of the Budget Committee
the" passage of the naval augmentary bill
Is virtually assured. At all events, this
l<« the feeling In Parliamentary circles.
The outcome will be that Germany's
fighting strength on tho sea will be meas
ured by thirty-four large battleships,
thirty-two large and small cruisers and
a score of old battleships which will be
renovated.
The fact that the committee eliminated
the cruisers desired for foreign service
is not regarded as of importance, as Ad
miral yon Tirpltx admitted to-day that
these would not be needed before 1906.
The only unsettled important point, name
ly how to pay for the increase If the
existing taxes prove insufficient, will bo
decided next Tuesday.
ALL-AMERICAN CABLE
ROUTE TO PHILIPPINES
Senator Perkins Presents an Amend
ment to Naval Bill Providing
for Necessary Survey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 27,— Senator Per
kins today introduced an amendment to
the naval appropriation bill, directing the
Secretary of the Navy to cause to be made
an examination of an all-American cablo
route across the Pacific, beginning at the
entrance to the Strait* of Fuca, touching
at Sltka and Dutch Harbor and extending
along the Aleutian chain of islands either
on the north or south side, as may be
found expedient, thence along the most
shoal waters available to the Philippine
MUST EAT LESS IF
WE WOULD GROW OLD
Dr. A. Barkan at Cooper Medical Col
lege Tells a Large Audience How
to Attain Longevity.
The subject of the Lane lecture deliv
ered last night by Dr. A. Barkan at
Cooper Medical College was 1 "Old Age and
Its Hygiene." Some good advice relative
to the attainment of longevity was given
to a large audience. Ihe lecturer spoke
of the disposition of mankind to live a
little longer, no matter at what age it had
arrived, and he explained the beginning,
probable duration and the bright and dark
Bides of old age.
"There is no definite age," said Dr.
Barkan, "at which old age begins. Some
of the greatest works given to the world
have been written by men who had passed
60 years. Among men of genius there is
no old age. The decay of the physical
organs does not always enfeeble the
mental powers.
"What hastens old age among Ameri
cans is their faculty of eating too much,
their lack of exercise and their excessive
use of tobacco. Fewer persons can now
expect to reach old age than formerly on
that account. The Improvement in sani
tary conditions effects a saving of life only
in its first half, where the death rate has
been largely reduced. Past the middle age
there Is only a slight reduction. From 65
to 75 years the death rate has increased.
Women reach advanced age In far larger
proportions than men."
PRAISES OUR SYSTEM
OF CIVIL SERVICE
A. Balph Serven, Chief Examiner of
U. S. Civil Service Commission,
Addresses the Merchants.
Hon. A. Ralph Serven, chief examiner
of the United States Civil Service Com
mission, addressed the board of directors
of the Merchants' Association yesterday
afternoon at a meeting held 'in their rooms
In the Mills building. Mr. Serven com
plimented the people of San Francisco
upon having secured a new charter, which
Is in many respects, he said, the most pro
gressive of that of any modern city.
The gentleman submitted facts and fig
ures showing the great benefit of the
merit system in the Federal service, and
stated that from ten to twelve millions
of dollars were saved by the Government
through the operation of the system.
Civil Service Commissioners Quinn, Mc-
Carthy and Freud were guests of the as
sociation.
The following firms were elected to
membership: Crandal Packing Company:
Electric, Railway and Manufacturers
Supply Company; Eureka Holler Works;
Mlddleton. Poett & Co.; Milwaukee Me
chanics' Insurance Company: New Eng
land Novelty and Metal Works; San
Francisco Bridge Company; Schanz &
Grundy; Such & Nelson, and Worthlng
ton Ames.
A public reception will be tendered to
Mr. Serven next Wednesday evening in
the offices of the Mayor and In the ro
tunda of the City Hall. Twenty-five hun
dred invitations will be issued.
THINK SEATTLE SUICIDE
WAS PITCHER'S BROTHER
Theory Advanced by the Friends of
the Dead Banker Across th.c
Bay.
OAKLAND. April 27.-It U paid In bank
::.:,' and < ;ub circles" in Oakland to-night
that :!.f- C A. Pitcher who committed
:<if In Seattle on Tuesday last, as an
tounoed in the telegraphic dispatches on
¦ ¦::.. -s.:;:y morning, was a brother of 11.
Pitcher, thp Livermore banker who
< dmi tied suicide a few weeks a*ro. Mr.
:ch<-r wa? never very communicative
bOVSt his personal and family affairs, but
several who hc-ld cTose business relations
Kith the <!*>a<l bankrr say that the man
¦•¦¦:. >j was found dead In a Seattle hotel
with a bottle of cyanide of potassium by
la «=lde was; .. brother of H. H. Pitcher
and that hi> f-uicide was consequent upon
: v :e death of his brother In Llverrnore.
Inquiry at the residence of Mrs. Pitcher
!h:«> evening »<-curtd from one of the
daughters only the statement that she
id an uncle named Charles, but as to
hS« whereabout* she knew nothing. The
,:Tt!e suicide is reported as having de
r<¦¦'. himself In financial straits. This
;'..; coincide with the statement made
bre that the brother was largely de
r.fif>nt upon 11. H. Pitcher, and that the
:ici6e of the banker left the brother in
'..: ar.cial difficulties.
The will of the doa<3 banker haa not yet
I een r.led for probate and will not be
until the litigation over the Varney estate
>:t!c-d to Komi' degree. The will is only
1 few words In length and wa* drawn on
2 :.;:ary 4, 1?95. It leaves everything to
Mrs. Pitcher as the pole devisee and leg
atee and nan;es her as executrix without
bund*. Mr. Pitcher had his life Insurc-d
I r (10,099, all of which will go to his
widow.
HOTALING'S SIDE ROOM
ORDER IS NOT FAVORED
Judiciary Committee Will Not Rec
ommend It — Lowest Bidder to
Print Delinquent Roll.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
will not recommend Supervisor Hotallng's
ordinance regulating the sale of liquor
In side rooms of saloons and restaurants.
The Supervisor believes that the existing
law works a hardship on both proprietors
and patrons of the reports affected and
his efforts have been directed toward the
enactment of an order that will be fair
and Just to all concerned. He also favors
allowing the partitions In saloons to be
seven feet instead of six feet high and
those In restaurants to reach the ceiling.
The committe'? di?cus?ed the subject
yesterJay and declined to recommend the
order It did not care to assume the re
sponsibility of defining the difference be
tween a saloon and a restaurant, prefer
ring to leave that point to the Police
Commission. Attorney Choynski, who
took part In the discussion, was requested
to draft another ordinance and the matter
went over for one week.
The committee decided to report In
favor of inviting proposals for bids to
advertise <he delinquent tax list from
papers having at least 8000 circulation.
The Chief of Police was notified to pro
hibit the blockading of Sutter street be
twt-en Kearny and Grant avenue by
wagons belonging to storekeepers In the
block. • . t
The City Attorney was requested to
advise the board whether the plan pro
posed by Assessor Dodge to waive the
penalties imposed for taxes la feasible,
whether the moneys received for
delinquent taxes can be used to pay ex
penses of the present fiscal year.
LAST CONCERT OF
THE TWO RUSSIANS
A great many people availed themselves
of the last opportunity to hear Petsch
nlkoff and Hambourg at the California
Theater yesterday afternoon. The house
was comfortably filled, particularly above
stairs.
The concert was in every sense a treat,
for not only are the powers of these two
artists something extraordinary, but they
have served us with a high class of
music.
Petchnikoff's selections have been par
ticularly dignified. '
He has never once lapsed into the cheap
and popular for the sake of gaining ap
plause. Hambourg's numbers have
been of the sensational kind occasionally,
but he has given us only the better class
of musical tours de force, which are
adapted to show off his peculiar ability.
The wonder of his titanic strength
and amazing velocity is matter for mar
vel. It is really not surprising 1 that he
sweeps his audiences away in waves of
enthusiasm. He takes them by storm
rather than by any particular charm he
possesses.
He played Beethoven's E flat Sonata
more pleasingly than any other com
position of such character he has at
tempted, and shone to advantage in the
difficult finale. His own "Espieglerle"
and a study in octaves of Rubinstein,
which by the way was infinitely more
interesting than a similar study of
Letschetizkl, which he gave at his first
concert, were stupendous tests of tech
nique and endurance, yet nothing daunted
by their severity he supplemented them
with the second Rhapsodic.
Petschnlkoff played Mendelssohn's E
minor concerto, admirably accompanied
by Lachaume, and also the C major
fugue of Bach, an involute array of dif
ficulties. He solved this problem, which
has rarely been undertaken without loss
of his usual ease and accuracy. His
beautiful intonation is a source of delight,
and two encores which he gave were ap
pealing in the breadth, sweetness and
purity of his tone.
PORTER GARNETT.
of the'estate rather than the care of her
person. Her ladyship was left largely .to
her own devices as to matters of resid
ence and consumption of fancy dinners
and fancy "bottled goods." That this
consumption must have been considerable
is shown by a bill for $200 for these two
items presented by the proprietor of A
Mon Chateau, a suburban hostelry at
Pleasant Valley, to the court last Mon
day.
Mrs. Safford arrived from the' East a
few days ago and at once determined that
th«=re should be r.n more high living at A
Mon Chateau and no more troubles in
court over the rayment of bills for "bot
tled goods." and that the erratic actions
of her sister should be controlled, whether
the estate went to smash or not. So the
removal to the private sanitarium was de
cided upon ami carried out.
This is not the first time that Lady
Yarde-Buller bai been in an asylum. She
whs incarceraTfri in a Parisian asylum for
the Wfak-mind<'d for several months while
she was travelir.2 in Europe with Ernest
Wakeman, h^r then attorney and trustee.
Her troubles have mostly arisen over the
abnormal use of what was denominated
in the last Mil presf-nted against her es
tate as "bottUd goods." and she has be
rom«» a complete m-rvous wreck. It is
hoped that a little care and good sur
roundings will restore her to health of
mind an'i body.
Lady Vardf-Bull«»r is the oldest daughter
Of the latp General Kirkham. at one time
the quartermaster ceneral of the United
States army. -They were the leading resi
dents of Oakland in their day. and Lady
Yarde-Buller was the reigning belle of the
roast. She ran through one fortune, left
her by her father, and a second left her
by her mother has become seriously im
paired.
Islands. This examination shall De suffi
cient to show the availability of this route
for cable purposes, the approximate depth
of water along the route, the most favor
able points for cable landings and the es
timated cost of an nl!-American cable by
this route as compared with others which
have been proposed and the probable rev
enues to be derived from it.
WILL SOON BEGIN WORK
ON CHILKOOT TUNNEL
Company Is Only Waiting to Secure
Its Franchises From British
Columbia Parliament.
Sp«ylal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. April 27.— The Chilkoot .Tun
nel Company announces through Herman
Vanverd of Vancouver, 'one of its officers,
that it intends commencing work on the
tunnel through Chilkoot Pass within two
weeks after the franchise is secured from
the British Columbia Parliament. Favor
able action by Parliament Is expected
soon. Venders says the company proposes
spending between a million and a half and
two million dollars In building tunnels and
an electric railway, which shall pass "from
Dyea to White Horse. Also in developing
mining properties adjacent to the line. It
is intended first to -build a small tunnel
3800 feot long at a cost of $120,000. After
this is completed a second tunnel will be
built lower down to secure a bettor grade.
It will be 7000 feet long and will cost near
ly $1,000,000. The broadgauge electric rail
way will then be extended to White Horse,
Its main purpose being to carry freight.
The company expects to cut a number of
Important quartz ledges in tunneling Chil
koot Mountain.
— , «.
WILL TAKE NO ACTION
AS REGARDS DANCING
Methodist Bishops I/cave the Ques-
tion to the Decision of the
• Conferences.
INDIANAPOLIS. April 27.— The first
day's session of the bishops of the Metho
dist church was taken up In the discus
sion of the conditions in the different con
ferences. When approached on the sub
ject of changes in the discipline of the
church and the insertion of a law pro
hibiting both dancing and theater-going,
Bishop Warren said:
"Nothing along this line will be done
at our meeting. As a matter of fart,
we could not decide upon this point. The
staff of the bishops of the t-hurch simply
represents the executive body and we
simply execute the orders of the confer
ences. In the matter of the rules of the
church, I don't know that any important
changes will be made at the General Con
ference in Chicago, unless It will be to
allow laymen an equal representation at
the conference. To do this requires a
three-fourths vote, and I think the senti
ment of fully that number has been ex
pressed In favor of the movement."
WATSON A "DEAD ONE."
Georgia Populist Declares He Is a
Political Corpse.
ATLANTA, Ga., April 27.— The action
of Populists' conventions In several
Northern States in indorsing Hon.
Thomas E. Watson of Georgia for first
place on the Presidential ticket has
caused Fomethinj? of a stir In political
circles all over the South. Mr. Watson
has stated several times that he was
out of politics, but. In view of recent
rumors, connecting him prominently
with the Populist nomination, the dis
tinguished Georgian was asked for a
final declaration. The following was re
ceived from Mr. Watson to-day:
"Under no circumstances would I ac
cept any nomination or any office.
Please number me among the politically
dead and let me henceforth rest in
peace."
Hill Residence Burned.
Priori a 1 T>tsn.-itch to Thf» I
ANTIOCH, April 27.— The bird of ill luck
seems hovering over the Hill family. Only
a few days apo Mrs. Hill was killed in a
railroad accident near Cornwall, and this
morning the Hill residence, on Ims Meda
nos rancho. was destroyed by fire and only
a few trifling effects were saved. The
cause of the fire is unknown.
Actor Frawley Ill.
LOS ANGELES. April 27.— Daniel Fraw
ley, the actor, has been confined to his
rooms at the Van Nuys Hotel for the past
two days. Last evening he arose from a
sick bed and enacted his part at the Los
Angeles Theater. He was accompanied
by his physician. To-day he is reported
as very feverish.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1000.
LADY YARDE-BULLER
IN AN INSANE ASYLUM
LADY' MARY LEiLAH KIRKHAM YARDE-BULLER
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Bun Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.) days. | Days.
7:Soam 8:00 sm Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluraa. 6:03 pm 10:25 am
• :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsbur?.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 1:20 pm
7:10 ami I Hopland I 110:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am' and Uktah. | 7:33 pm! 6:30 pm
7:30 am I j 110:25 am
8:00 ami Ouernevllle. l 7:J5 pml
J:3O pm ! I I 8:20 pm
7:S9am 8:00 ami Sonoma 19:15 am B:4oam
I and j
5:10 pm 6:00 pmf Glen Ellen. I «:CS pm (:20 pm
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
¦•VJTIIKRSI PAt'IVIC CWHrA.IT,
(PACIVIO STSTIK.)
Tralm !•!»*«• nml Mr* iliif «• Jtrrlv* ¦»!
MAN rKAN«:i*CO.
(Main Una, Foot of Market Street)
Lsatk — From April 13, 1900. — »rmv»
*7:OOa Benicia. Sutian, Elmlra, V»c»TiU(«,
Rarawj anJ .-Weri'jnsnto *7i43p
•?iOUa. Sh.uU Express— Datla, WlUowl,
Red Blufl, Portlaud *7i«Sf
*7i3Ua Martinez. M»aH*mon. Valleja. Jtapa,
C»ll»ti?» and Sanu Rom **il»p
•S:3O* The Overland Limited— Ogden, Den-
Ter, Oroaha. Chicago *Sil3p
••::«»» San .li.m». LiTermora, HMoktoo.
lone, Sacrameutow PlaeerrUl*.
M*rj«»iile. Cbioo. Ued Bluff •liilp
•H:3O* •Miitun. Oaktlale. Honor*. Carters... *<:l3p
•!>:l»l>» rUy«tr<'«. Niltfland Waj Htatinoa. *l 1:1.1*
"J:o»A Davis. Woodland. Koighta Landing.
.Mirjsfllie, oroTi.lr. •7:»»p
• !i:OUt Atlantic Kipreia— Ogden and Eaat *V:-t3«
•!»:»«* Marline*. Tracy, LatUrup. Stockton.
M-rt-.iaii.l Kresiio *l«il3p
•!»:»»« PortC'osU, Kresuo, Mojave aud Lot
Augvlrs 'Qll.ip
•IO:O(»» Vail. jr. Marines and Way Station* *«:43p
•ll:oO\ Nil -n, LiTerinora. Stockton, flacra-
m-utii. MendoU. Hanfr.nl, Vlsalia,
I'orUrTllle ««ilsp
•I a:OWM Haywarls. Nllet and Way Station*. *a»4.lp
tl:«»»H" Sacramento Kiter Ste»im<r» fßiOttp
•3MM>r Hajward*. Nilra and Way .station*. *3i i.ip
•l:«i«r Mnrtinpx, Han lUmuii. Vall«Jo.
Nai>a. CitllKtoga, Mania Itosa •ttilS*
•l:««»r Benici*. V*ca»lli». Haeranitnto,
Wuoilland, Knisiita Landing.
Sl»rjs»(l!», Oto*III» •I*:-I3*
•4:B<»p NUes. Han Jomand St. k* too *7tlSp
•5:oorTI.«- Owi Limited— Tracy. Fremo.
I>*ker3tleM. Maiigna 'or Maut* Bar-
barm, Loa Aucrlea. •l«i-13*
*.I:3Ap Stockton. Merce.l, Vresno ¦13i13p
•3::tnp rresii^lltakenlivM. Mania rUrtitr*.
l.in Angeles. Iteming, Xl Paao,
New Orirtiiaand Haat ••ill*
•3i3»r H»nta K« Uoute— Atlantic Xl proas .
for M»jat« and Kail "filler
•fl:»ftp Harvard*, Nilea aud Hao Jet» # 7i«^»
1O::il»f Vallejo 'UtMr
•«:a«»r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cbeyenne.
Omaha, Chicago *ft43a
•6i3or Oriental M »i!-Og>!en, Dent«r.
Omaha, Chicrwo. •¦itlSp
}?iO«p Vallrjo. Port r<,«>» and Way Su-
tlou» l»>B3r
•Hro.irOr-^nn and California Uxpr«as.H»e.
Ulininlii. Marjimllo. ItwMlng.
r,.m»...i. i-uuft ,s i »¦,,! r»»> *«ii3a
COIST DIVIMOa (3arron lii<u»«).
(Foot nfll^rkvt Street.)
17:1.1 a Santa Cruz Excursion for 3* nta
Cruz and Priuctpai Way Stations J9iO3p
•gil.l* Newark.) Vtiti-rtille.Mii.lo-ne, l-vit..n.
Boulder Creek.HauUCnia and Way
Stations ••¦a»r
tail 3 p Newark, CVr.temllo, San .loan, New
Almadeo, Fxlton, llm:I.W I'rr.-i,
Hanta V.va and l'riuclpal Way
Stations fl«i»«»
•l:l.1r Newark. San .lose. Los Gatos •*:.1O«
alilSp Cllenwood. Felton. Santa Croi «W»3«»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ffamSlS raiiCISU-'iit (j Xtrktt Sln.t ,s:ij H) —
•7 IS 900 11:00*. m. 11:33 *233 13:13
•i:O3 |!:53 •e:33r>.-.
rrtaOUUHD— fwl.r ßri.d.ir— -8:00 8:00 JO:OOt.M.
trrsa 're: trsa i J-.zi trs3 '10.-.
COAST nmstOl (KroaiHJaag*).
flhlrJ ttr.d Towinend Sto.)
1O:I<>\ Ocean View. Mouth M«i> Kraoclmo. . tO::«Of
t?iU«* mii June »".l Way HUUona (New
Almaden Wwlneadaisonly) *JiS*r
J~:UOa Snnday Excursion (r Bain Joml
HsnU Crnz, Pacific Grore asd
Principal Way Stations.. !Bi33*
•»:UO» Mau Jose. Tre. I'lmos. NanU Crnz.
Pacllle (?rn«a. I'aso lluMes, Sail
Luis niiinim. S.irf. Lompoc aud
Principal Way HUtlnns Mil»T
•l»:lii* Baa J<«e and Way Stations **:3.1a
•llia<»* »anJn*e,LosGato9«iHl\YajMUt!on» 'Stttty
fit I3r Ban Maten, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, hanta Clara. Matt Joss.
Tres Plnoo. SauU «>•¦*. Salinas, ¦
lioueemy and Pacilic Crov« fl*<3<l*
t:«:3» r Han Jose and Way Stations *7:3»f
MslS* Sau Jowan.l Principal Way Station* *3: 1.1 4
)3:OOpSan Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Statious t9:0o»
*-li.tOr San Jote ami Principal Way Station! tS:S.I*
•«:.t»p San Jose and Way Stations ?«.:<••?»
tH:43p San Jcsa and Way Stations *?»»»r
A for Morning. P f or A f ternoon.
'Dally. t .Sunday eieepted. . t Snnday only.
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday. - Sunday and Monday.
11
Mm rises a:r
Sun sets 6:5
Moon rl.«es (new) *...4:3!) a. m
2 Time Time' ITlm'eJ Time'
g. Ft. Pt. 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
? L W H W L. W| H W
W ...I 4:32 -fI.4J 11:24 5.0 4:JO J.SI »:40. ».:
» ... 6:21 —0.7 12:19 4.9 S:O3 2.C 11:20 «.:
JO ...! 6:10— «.s! 1:14 4.? 5:47 2.91
jH W It. VT H W L W
1 ... 0:00 6.0 7:00—0.7 2:10 4.7 «:» 3
2 ... 0:44 5.7 7:50i— 0.S S:0« 4.6 7:27 3.:
3.... 1:32 5.4 8:42—0.2 4:03 4.5 8:33 3.'
4... 2:251 5.1 9:35 0.2 4:58 4.6 9:57 3.
Steamer. |
From.
Du-.
X'Tburg
.Grays Harbor
"|Apr. I?
Mattea«an
Valencia
Curacao
¦Wellington
City of Puebta.
.'Oyster Harbor
.[Mexico
.tOvster Harbor
.(Victoria & Puget Sound
.|Apr. Zi
.(Apr.
.!Apr. 19
i Apr. n
Aloha
State of Cal
Octarta !
Arcata
TUanta
San Bias
Empire
¦ iCrescent City
.1 Portland
.'Hamburg
..Coos Bay
.iXanaimo
.'Panama
.Coos Bay
.|Apr. Ti
.iApr. ¦»>
.lApr. ?:>
.lApr. *>
JApr. *>
.iApr. »
.;Apr. 19
CIIiJJJIC
North Forte
Coo« Bay
Walla Wa11a....
Acapulco
Thyra
. i Humbol at
. i Newport
.IVtctoria & Puget Sound
.'Panama
JChtn.i and Japan
. May i
.iMay I
i May !
.May 2
. I May 1
Mackinaw
Willamette
Pomona
. ! S*attle
.Seattle
. ; Huir.br.ldt
. May z
.jMay 5
.May 2
. I May T.
Corona
.iSan Diego
Crescent City...
Pmirreso
Point Arena
.'Crescent City
. .Tacoma
.'Point Arena
TlTiimhnirtt
JMay 3
.!May 3
. May 4
. M»v 4
Samoa
.^.i:.i'-;t ..........
Coptic
Alameda
.'China an«i Japan
.'Sydney
. ' May *
.May t
May S
Columbia
Bonita
. i Newport
.May 5MS FRASCISCO CALL.
ETErSESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third -streets, open
«ntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £.27 Montgomery etreet.
crrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SO6 Hayes street; open until. 9:80 p. m.
CTS "McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
f!5 I^arkin street; op»n until 9:30 p. m.
:SKI Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
rrci Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
en'U ? p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until » p. m.
IC-P6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. mv
*T3 Polk street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-eecond and Ken-
ttirky streets; rren until 9 p. m.
SIEETIXG NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of the A«
Past Masters" Association. F. if
and A. M.. will be held at jflu^yV
Masonic Temi.le on SATUR- /Of-miS,
DAY. April 28. l^JXt. at 8 o'clock **4 * J?\
p. m. liy order of the Presi- fJLJ___T_*Jfa
6 PETER T. BARCLAY. Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. 11
M.-^'-ccnd d*-Kree THIS EVENING.
Air.] Zb. at 7:3" nVlock. By order of the ~_~X
XV. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary. /
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. IC6, F. and A. A
»j. —.social ineotir.-r THIS (SATUR- J*.
DAY) EVENING. April 2S, at ":3JEJ«
o'clock. Third des-Tee.
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C?. F. and A. «
M. — Officers nnd members are hereby y*
notified to attend the funeral of our de- >k3\
00-uwkl brother, JEROME SPAULD-'NT^
ING P M.. from Masonic Temple, Oakland,
TO-MORROW (SUN J JAY), at 1:30 p. m.
<Takf 12:30 broad-gauge boat.) By order of
the W. M. C. D. HUNKER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lrf-.dge No. 2.
I. O. O. F. — Regular meeting =s>J^ S?^fc-
TIIIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. =¥*5-'«Jg5?
First cf-rree.
A. K. KINGEFORD. D. M. _
APOT" BEX ATSHEM Lodge No.
112. I. O. O. F.— Members are noti- =§255e^
fieJ to attenJ the funeral of our = =?<J3';-r? < J3';-r
Jate brother. F. M. STEVENS. " ''
lYom his late residence, 3110 Clay *t.. SAT-
URDAY. April it, at 2 p. m. sharp.
T. G. OBRAM. N. G.
T&EBE ¦""•ill be a special meeting of the San
Pta&Betoeo T'rlckl.iyr-rs - Association THIS
iSATI'RDAY) EVENING, Apr'J 2S. 130 U.
Business of imr>ortanc<». By order
E. J. BRANDON. President.
AXNI'AL meeting— Thr recuiar annual meet-
Inc of Btockfaoldera of the Hutchinson Sugar
J'iar.tation Company will be held at the
of the company. SZ7 Market Ft., fan Kran-
oj«t Ca!.. on Tuesiiny. the Sth day of May.
LMQ. at the hour of 31 a. m., for the purpose
of «-"e<-:ir«r a board of directors to serve frr
the ensuing year ar..l the transaction of such
other business as may come before the m^et-
Ir.r. Transfer bo.ks will close on Friday,
A;ril 11. 1308, at 3 p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
AGKXTS WASTED.
EXPERIENCED building and loan agent*.
Room i4C«. Claus Spreckels building.
A. GOOD i reposition for ladles or gentlemen.
1!<" Mnrkf-t ri . |
ASTIUJLOGY.
J'KOK, A. MASEZtT of Egypt, greatest astrol- I
og:«t and ra!miKt } n the wcrld; satisfaction ]
.TUflrnTU«-e<i. »5 l'n«oll st.
ATTOR.NUiS AT LAV..
ADVICE fr^e; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. ROD Market, cor. Stocktn.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney at law; tele-
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. TV. 1
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Market St.. opp. Mason, j
F. H. MERZIJACH. attorney at law. has r--- {
sL-nrvl r-Tctlce at sr>35 r >3 Cal. St.. Clunie bldg. I
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., fC7 Mar- i
k»n «*t.: consultation free: no fees in advance, j
IUTiI CADIXET HOT AIR. VAPOR.!
ROBINSON J5 4-panel folding: door cpens firm j
«n<? safe. W. ?. BROWN, gen. ftfrt.. 42S Ellis. ]
BELGIAN lIARHS.
AT F. K. MASON'S. 1710 Everett St.. Ala- J
n-.edE— "LORD ESSEX." Imported, fee $20; j
-"T(d(Jy Roosevelt," winner first prize Los '
An£ci*»s, fee $13; "Dandy Styles," own son, |
of "Sir Styles." fee $15: "Britain Prince," ;
cwr. son of "Lord Britain" and "Avalanche," j
J*-e $15; "General Washington" (heavyweight). !
»on of "Star Buck." fee $10; does bred to i
these buck* from $10 up; closed Sundays.
THE largest and best-equipped rabbitry north
of L,^f Angf-les: imported Beg.an hares;
•wholesale arA retail; fashionable strains of
lrnpori'-d bucks and does always on hand; ,
r.urte Goes; a full line of rabbitry suppiies. j
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,
Cf*-Cn Golden Gate aye.. F. F. ; tel. South [
CSL IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor. j
AT the <\U,TFORNIA BELGIAN HARE A^- !
?OCIATK)N. NVptutie Gardens. Alameda, you
oan purchase cfaoiea nnimals at lower prices !
than at any other raMiltry around the bay. i
Imp'-rfd 3rd <iem<-stlc hares of, the most!
popular train*. GEO. A. YOUNG,' Manager.
f S— TH OROT'G HBR ED BELGIAN HARES-S5. I
We offer for quick rale a shlrment of Lord I
Britain strain at %¦'• earh. $10 pair: other I
strair.s fro-n 5j up. KENWOOD RAP.BITRY, !
r.."0 Fourteenth s.t.. Oakland, adjoining City j
Hall. j
ATTENTION-TREMONT BELGIAN HARE !
00-, ZOt Fillmore st.. San Francisco. Cal. i
Send € certs '.n stamps for book on care and j
feeding The cheapest and best treatise on 1
the subject. ;
HAIVTHOHXE RABHITRY. 460 Taylor aye.. i
Alameria. Cal.— Hf-Rd<rJarten= for fine r.edi- |
gr*>«"l Belsr'.nn hares; rll prices. Grande Dash r
• imp), wt-rvice J's. Inspection of stock so-
l.ritpj. T. IX RAYMOND. Prop.
6ALESBOO2I for the Laurel Dell Rabbitry of
Salinas. Oal.. at the Montgomery Market. 735 ]
Market Ft.; agents "for the Meadow Brook
Belgian Here Cetiipany of Los Angeles.
WHY !s it those who purchase of the Eureka
Rabbitrv r p <*orr:mcr.d others? We handle the
\*™\ and our prices are reas'able. 1616 A Turk. 1
HOSKMONT RabtHry. S« Maple court. 9ff 14th.
above Guerrero — Breeding doeF. $12 60 up;
yeungsu-rs. $4 up: large stock; finest strains.
JtfAfOT nARHTTRY. 427 Putter st.. S. F. Fine
pr<Hereeil stock guaranteed; at reasonable
t*ltt*tH service. $13 and $25.
"FOR sale— I'riji«rr-ed IVlgian bares; from $5
upward. MARKET-ST. RABRITRY. W. C.
I.ENTHAM. proprietor. I<K2 Market et.
THE F.r.'-hia! Rabbitry. Hftsiett &, Bew. 1223
Grand n.. Alameda.: correspond, solicited.
nOAltniNG FOR CHILDREN.
VO'"NG couple would like to take charge little j
girl as com-rianion to their daughter. 41 Ju- j
lian aye., near Fourteenth.
BOARD Icr one or two children In German !
family ; runny yard. 4t"S Minna st. j
GOOD liome frr a child, with German widow.
If! RfcfcOfT aye.. near Couch.
lIOOK.S — \n\V A>D OLD. :
I-CHOOL BOOKS boueht and exchange.
it-It-*. — n r,y rv, Tin ».«!««I'>t( «t. near Third.
¦ ¦';'»¦ AMI MlOi: BARGAINS.
"BARGAINS In ladies' and children's shoe--;
drummers' samples at manufacturer's coaL
J. KOHI.Fr'KKR. -45 Fourth St.
BL'SI.VESS CIIAXCES.
A^nOO^SALOON on Fourth st.; large stock
and a first-class, paying business; rent $15. !
owner to leave f">r Nome; a great sacrifice. !
Call R. G. WILKE. 5<OG Market St.
A— S2OOO-PARTNER wanted in best-located ea- j
lo<~n on Market at.; plaoe open day and night; ]
doing a first-class, ikying business; owner 1
wants a good, honest man for assistance. Par- I
ticulars B. G. WILKE. 906 st.
A— OLD-ESTABLISHED roadhouse with over
one acre of ground; house of 7 furnished !
rooms, with barroom, piano, etc.; rent $30. j
Particularr It. U. WILKE. SO6 Market »t. ;
A— !«*— ISAZAAR and notion ptore, with 3 fine !
t living rooms; renta $22 W; a g>jd paying busl- i
nfss: Mock velrec the nrlce; Lest location on '
principal street. R. G. WILKE. S.B Market. \
A— $15.00— BAKERY on leading business street;
Wcffrn Addition; rent $CJ; 3 horses, wagon-
2 new ovens; baking 24 barrels per day; sick- !
n««* cause of eUe. See R. O. WILKE 006 ;
Market st. '
A-T22(tf— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes |
rX.: rent $2.", Including rooms ; large stock of 1
liquor* ana groceries- a tirst-class, paying !
bufinors. Intjuir; R. G. WILKE, &06 llarket. i
A— I2OOC— CORNER grocery- and bar. with four !
living nxims; rent ?sfl; 3 years' lease; the best i
rorner on Mission et. ; place doing a good i
laiylng casli business; full value in Bight, i
Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st. ;
A—tZT/i— PARTNER wanted; must be steady.
reliable man, satisfied with $1$ to $30 a week;
.-10 r.!<rnt or Sunday work; trial given before :
buying. Aiply at 9 Gear)' £t., room 2.
$>V- BARBER shop; 4 chair?; well established-
bargain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'» Market.
JSfO — BAKERY: bar-rain: alsagr-eement of part- I
ners cause of tale. MCLAUGHLIN ,SI CO.,
777'^ Market ct.
ISCG — FINE carriage nnd wagon factory; a bar-
gain; must leave city. JONES & CO., R65 Mkt.
STATIONERY, branch baker)', candies, cigars i
and laundry in connection. 1583 Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
, SOME GOOD SENSIBLE ADVICE
We have on cur list some bargains rare.
And in our dealir.es we are fair;
Saloons und restaurants of every size.
For rale, in The Call we advertise.
So If In business you wit=h to go
In seelne us do not be slow.
The number is Market, seven flve nine.
So come up early and fall In line.
If you wish to sell or wish to buy.
When you mean business, us do try.
We are not here Just for our health.
Hut, like our patrons, are (-Mining wealth.
You don't risk life, nor pay big fare
To come, and in our profits share.
So don't risk life In Ruing to Nome.
Invest in busJnef-s and stay at home.
REMEMBER MARKET 759.
Don't fail to call on us In time.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY.
BARGAIN;- $230 will buy good cigar stand:
half a block from Market st. ; doing a good
business: present owner going to Nome.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY. 739
Market Ft.
GOOD tppcrtur.lty; manufacturing business for
the restoration of hair and patent medicines:
rlphts and patents all clear: will sell entire
plant or half interest in same: Al Investment.
Brocklehurst & Megladdery, 759 Market Bt.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy. sell or exchange any
prop«"-ty or business, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLAPIIERY. 739 Market St.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper shop: also steel range; doing good
business: established 14 years. 41114 Califor-
nia St.. EUGENE ROBINET.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; rent and water
$15; price J250; owner other business. Inquire
at grocery store, 1232 M lt's. ion st.
BICYCLE repair shrp, sundries, tools and
wheels; $100; going to Nome. 1454 Market st.
SALOON cheap: located in the Potrero. Apply
on premises, IMS Kentucky st.
STATIONERY, et-hool -supplies; clean, new
stock: $1000. Box IS2O, Call office^
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store cheap. 2CB
Twelfth st.
TO lease— Old established brewery: fitted up for
immediate operation. 217 Sacramento St., San
Francisco.
$300 CASH— Double express and business; es-
tablished IS years, with good paying hauling.
Address box ISOS. CalL^
FOR sale— <%!-eEtabr.she4 drug store in North-
ern California town of 5500; no better drug
town in Stan-; invoice about $:000; will sell 23
j per cent belnw lnvoice; reason fcr s-elllnß satis-
factory; business very profitable. Address
box 31D3. Cnll.
I DRCQ store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
] c'soo prrperty; a well-stocked, modern, paylrg
I drug: store in a Rood mining town; cash trade.
1 Call at 72H O'Farrell Ft., city.
j —
! SALOON for sale cheap. K72 Fourth st.
j BARBEB shop for rent: completely furnished:
I 2 chairs: long established business; pood lo-
cation on Third st. : rent complete. $22. In-
f;i;ire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call
bldg.
FOR sale— Saloon In wholesale district at a
t-arcairr; poo.i reasons for selling; no night
work; flnr location. Box 4377, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sa!e: doing a pood business:
cheap rent; gcod reason for selling. Call at
j 24 Eighth st^
I 1225— CIGAR ft-ir.d r.e-ir Market St.. with spare
n->r.m: kw rent and laundry. Address box
551. Call office.
BAKERY store. 1105 Howard St.; 4 rooms; large •
I oven and tools to let low; location excellent. .
i WANTED— Home bakery: must be doing good i
business: cheap for cash. Box 4571. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor for sale.
Inquire 13.-"2 Stockton st.
1-CHAIi: barber shop fcr sale; cheap; account
(f 13-1 Mission ft. j
BARREK E!iop; good business; 3 living rooms ]
in rear. 1220 Market st.. Oakland. •
GOOD paying saloon and cafe for sale; cheap;
rent $3<\ Box 3332. Call office.
BARBER shop; must be sold this week. 3093
Sixteenth st.
$200— CIGAR stand; splendid opportunity; good
location. See owner. 32 Minna, bet. 3 and 5.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED cdvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at ~i™3 Polk et. ; ..p*"n until 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- I
lcr.cia *t.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. .
18-ROOM house at your own price. Apply to
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
100 nmins; rent K't; clears $200 $l."00 |
IS rooms: on Third st 250 ;
30-room corner; 2 entrances: half cash 2000 !
S-room flat; new; elegant 250 j
l<i rooms; on one floor; near Call office... 530 |
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $310 cash.. 4I»4 I » :
23 rooms; on Market St.: worth $1203 S9O j
ll r > rooms; on Mason st.: payments 45') j
36 rooms; on Market st. : payments IS<X)
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth. i
R. H. WINSTON fir CO.. 1026 Market St.
RELIABLE BROKERS
23 rooms, n«--ar Market st., reduced to $630 |
.26 rooms, corner, A No. 1 furniture J10«X» j
47 rooms, rent only J73; on Sutter st $2SCO I
T5 rooms, fine corner, part cash, only $1600 j
JI3OO— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath:-2 lots and i
furniture: rents for $43 per month: at Han-
ford, Cal KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary st.
$?'>O— SI'NNY cor.: 15 ro^ms: neat and clean:
clears $S0 a month. KREDO & CO., 36 Geary.
SNAP— S4OO; 22 rooms, all rented: good location;
cssae of selling:, sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy. !
U ROOMS; nice fur.; rent $30: Larkin St., near
Geary; price $273. C. D. DAVIS. 916 Mkt., r. 63.
BARGAIN— 9-room -lodginjr-house; central lo-
cation; all occupl?<l; good furniture; rent low;
clearing $32 above rent: will sell for $300. Call
between 11 a. m. and 7 p. m., 743 Howard st.
$275— ELEGANTLY furnished; 8 rooms: bath;
yard: full roomers: creat barcain. 913 Howard.
CARRIAGES AND WACONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buqgles. carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses, l.th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost, 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Folsom St.. near Eiprhth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLI2AMMI.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to PPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-257 Tehama et. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co., "<0 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mrr.. 2'"-4O Bth st. ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleanlns Co..
4.*.3 Stevenson ft.; tel. South 22 1 ": lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 5c per yard; laid at 4c.
RTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at.; tel. Je*sie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3&4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 231 Golden I
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
attentionT Trr.T™T. .".T.T.~rr.TTiEMovED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Mrst Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed,
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatlEin, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh'
aye., lla.tt Oakland, Cal.
N. U.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
<*ult medium; the luckiest and truest on tne
roast; readings "iic. ir.gl Market «t., near
Twelfth; tpeclmens. mall. f.oc.
MRS. BAILEY, circle S p. m.. 10c; readings 25c
and up. 1204 Flllmore st.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; test
readings to-day. 23c. 126 O'Farrell st.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bft. 10th and 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 v. m.
MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetic medium; •
tsittlr.Rs. $1: clr. Frl.. 2 p.m.. 23c. 233 Valencia.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. 11. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE. the sreat clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian ,
B<-cr»t; shows picture fvture husbruid or wife; •
fee CEe and up; ratlsfaction to everybody: tips
on racei*. 1167 Market at., bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish j
fortune teller; gives beet advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water '
reader; German spoken. 92l^ Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 25c; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
THE W3LL-KXOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced ehe reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost
affections; unite the separated: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals: tells
your entire life, while in a perfect trance;
satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk St.. near Jones;
hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. i!ally.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 23c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
slttlnßS dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busi-
ness advice. S27H Post st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 23c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NO3IE.
PARTIES wishing to obtain . stock In the
Alaska and Cape Nome Company, or Informa-
tion regarding same, can apply to W. E.
BARNARD. Becretary, Examiner building. S.
F.. room 202. or 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
A FKW first and second class tickets for Cape
Nome; call at once: sailing May 30: S. F. to
Nome In 10 days. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market
St., room 6.
ONE room. 6 berths, ladles' room: 6 berths,
gents; center steamer Tacoma; May 21: $100;
bappare and freight $40. Call on MRS. H.,
1302 Twelfth aye.. East Oakland.
THE Bllckens-lerfer Typewriter is especially
adapted: durable, portable, reliable, prajtlcal;
$W. 117 Sutter st.
LATEST Alaska rocker with pump; be sure and
ree It. 3 Xatoma st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
Icfr successful. Room 310. P27 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 rooms; large yard; next to Doug-
lasß School. 214 Collingwood St., between
Nineteenth and Twentieth.
COTTAGE and stable to let; four rooms. 2824
Harrison; $13.
110— COTTAGE: 3 sunny rooms; yard. 134 Rose
nve.. between Gourh and Octavia.
DENTISTS.
> A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
' Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
j ed without pain by use of electricity, BUS or
I chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other flllinss from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without- pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $3; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25: teeth
without a plate; crown and brid&e work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years. J'lllntrs. 50c; crowns. $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg-., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
: without plates our specialty: gold crowns, ]
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 29 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
I prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 yearn.
1 FULL set of teeth, $3; gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge tvork: fillings, gold. $1 up;
•liver. 5Pe; painless extraction, 50c; gas Blre*.
New York Dental Parlors, 963 Misslon.cor.6th.
i DR. LUDLUM HlLLTl443~Market. nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per get; extracting. 50c; gas Blvea.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten punrantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDHAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy at.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 23"j Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. M: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
oxt.. crowns, brldpe work; open Sund. till 11.
EASTERN Dental Parlor, 119 Third St.: crown,
bridce work; ext. pa'nless; full set teeth $7.
VAN WOOM- "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1i.K31 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
Jills: by all drupglsts or at the dog hospital,
510 Golden Gate aye. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DUESS&IAIvKItS A.MJ SEAJdSTUESsIos
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness. I
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary St.; dresses
made, $3 up; dresses made over; perfect nt.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL^
SHORTHAND— lndividual Instruction
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer. 3720 Market St.; highest speed
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the inventor of phonography); rates $5
per month; by mall $4; another class May 1.
lIEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand.
typlr.R. languages, tele-jxaphy, -English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market St., San Francisco. t
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship, $^0; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESB COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, meeh. sur-
vey, arsny. cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1564.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
ADULTS anil children taught English branches;
Individual instruction; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
LOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. lOCS Mission ;violin, guitar.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing- a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT; OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over flve years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help furn. ; tel. "John 2121. 806^4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Ofllce—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office —
Best help. 417 Powell st., telephone Clay SB.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
KMPLOYBIENT' WANTED — FEMALE.
TRUSTWORTHY woman, good cook, would as-
fcist with washing; city or country; postals
answered if carfare paid. C Ewlng place,
of! La-runa, between I'ost and Sutter.
NEAT, reliable American woman, elderly,
wishes situation a» housekeeper; good eco-
nomical cook; kind to children; has good ref-
erences; -wages $12 a month. 230 Minna st.
A COMPETENT middle-aged woman; Is fine .
American cook and baker: city or country;
WRijes $15 to $20. Call 1024 Howard St., rm. 3. :
A YOUNG German girl wishes a position to do
•-¦eneral housework; no postals; speaks French.
711 Mission st. :
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. $21 Mission Ft., room 1. j
GERMAN Birl. speaking German. French and .
English, wishes a pcaitlon to take car* of ,
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
TWO young ladies going to Cape Nome would 1
like the promise of work there; have tlrelr .
fare paid. Box 4359, Call office. 1
SITUATION as working housekeeper and cook; -
hotel ur boarding-house; city or country; ref- ;
erences. Box 4575. Call office. .
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman;* light house-
work. 4232 Twenty-fifth st. ,
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house- 2
keeper; good reference. 508 Franklin at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— A lady wants a partner In a well,
established business; will bear Investigation.
626 I st., Sacramento. Cal. '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 GO night; $160 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla tt • .
ESIPLO VMENT WANTED MALE.
STEADY, reliable, middle-aged man on private
place; city or country; generally useful; at-
tend carden, horses, cows, etc.; references;
moderate wanes. Box 1525, Call office.
TEAMSTER would like lumber, freight or
quartz team- to drive In northern or middle
part of State. Box 1527, Call.
YOUNG business man, 12 years' experience in
retail grocery business, desires position as
manager, salesman or solicitor. Box 4394. Call.
SITUATION by competent woodworker on gen-
eral work. Address box 1522. Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as a laboratory
man In dental office. Box 1826, Call office.
YOUNG Irish Catholic ecclesiastical student,
without means of pursuing his studies, de-
sires position as teacher or tutor or any con-
genlal situation. Box ISO 6. Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper seeks situation in
offlee; thorough knowledge of offlee routine;
exceptional references. H. E.. 623 Fell St.,
San Francisco. .-•- : :----
THOROUGH accountant desires situation;
well qualified to handle any system of books;
competent to accept position as secretary or
manage offlee. Address C. E., box ISIB. Call.
MAN and wife would like situation on ranch:
man as general ranch hand, wife as cook.
Address J. H.. 474 Jessie St.
ELDERLY man open for a situation May 1;
fair cook; good bread maker; country pre-
ferred. Address box 1304. Call office.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly competent in every
respect in handling horses and first-class gar-
dener; with best cf ref. G. L.. C7J9 Mission.
COUNTRY newspaper man. practical all-
round compositor and pressman, wants posi-
tion; references. W. J., box ISO 3, Call otflce.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as good
cook in a family. H. 1.. 2IJ Ellis st.
A YOUNG, man of good appearance and habits,
would like a position as nurse or attendant;
understands masrage; city reference. - Ad-
dress box 4574, Call.
ENGINEER, flrst-class traction, thrashing or
any kind, would like work. Call or address
Engineer, 2SOS -Lacuna st. __^_^___________,
GOOD sentlemen garment cutter with much
experience desires position in city or country.
Address box 4C73, Call.
RELIABLE young man wants some kind of.
work for the mornlncs. Box 4372, Call.
NURSE, graduate of training school, would
like situation. G. A. McKENZIE, 217
Minna st.
SITUATION as day or night clerk In lodging-
house: middle ai:e; strictly temperate: ex-
perlenced. Address MORTON, box 4536. Call.
AN experienced gardener, S2 years of ag-e. Ger-
1 man, has knowledge of few other mechanical
trades, desires position as gardener. Janitor
or house agent. K. W. P., 101 Bartlett st.
BY active, mlddle-aced, respectable, educated
man of family; outside work preferred; refer-
ences for 30 years here and security. Box
4".51, Call office.
WANTED— By competent man, position to
clean and repair harness. Box 4308. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn, flowers; In private family; very useful
and willing. Box 4834. Call
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office tor the reception of adver-
tisements— Rnd subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia «t.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market St.: examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 237.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW, COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat in
city filr the price; investigate: 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A NICE sunny upper flat: 5 rooms and bath;
newly papered. 627 Dolores St.. nr 19th; $14.
A MODERN sunny upper flat; 5 rooms; porce-
lain bath; $16. 1909 McAllister St.. .near Park.
AN upper flat of 4 rooms, with large yard and
stab!es. 2 Hayward st.. near Eighth.
BEST centrally located flats for small families:
nice neighborhood; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento st., above Powell.
BUSH, 1362, near BucHanan— Modern sunny
light flat; 3 rooms and bath.
ELEGANT large sunny flat: S rooms; modern
Improvements. NW. cor. Pace and Shrader.
FIRST, 303, Just above Folsom— Uooer part of
house; 3 rooms; $8.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine modern middle flat;
6 rooms; bath; City Hall; fur. or unfurnished.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SUNNY hard-finished 3-room flats; $6 and $3.
Apply to H. LEHHKE & SONS. Potrero.
SUNNY lower flat: 4 rooms; newly papered;
large basement. 114 Perry at.; $10.
TO let— Sunny flat of 5 rooms, bath. 318 Capp
street.
TWO elecant corner flats of 7 rooms and bath
each; sun all day; rent very reasonable. 300
.and 302 Scott st., near panhandle.
VALENCIA, 130 C —Flat, 6 large rooms; sunny
yard; cheap to right party.
$1S — UPPER flat, 5 rooms, bath: modern; ma-
rine view; close to cars. 1121 Filbert st.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard: base-
ment; rent moderate. 1931, 1935, 1337 O'Farrell.
$10 — 4 LARGE rooms and yard. £27 Grove St.,
between l.rii-una and Octavla.
FLAT'- T<> LET FURNISH ICO.
FURNITURE bargain— Elegant furnishings of
6-room flat on Van Ness aye.; rent $33; never
been used: Axmlnster carpets; solid mahogany
parlor furniture; round dining table; brass
bed, cost J',3: if responsible cash not required.
H. J. MOORE, 1C39 Market st.
WELL-FURNISHED sunny flat, C rooms and
bath; zclb and coal s.toves; $25. 2C28 Octavia.
BIRCH, aye., 6—46 — 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nlshed. _^
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
NEWLY furnished flat. 7 rooms, in 1000 block.
Post st.; must tx* sold. A. B. SMITH FUR-
NITURE CO., 12S Ellis Bt.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 80. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— The furniture of a seven-room house;
complete; piano. 2224 Union st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market at.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Mother and daughter. $30; 2 Ger-
man cooks, $25, no wash; ranch cook. $25; 2
waitresses and chambermaids. $20, summer
resort; German laundress. $25, Bummer re-
sort; 4 waitresses, $20, country hotel: wait-
ress, $20: chambermaid and waitress. $15,
same place-: 8 hotel waitresses, $20, city: in-
fant's nurse, $20, $25; 3 nurse girls, $20; 3
second ulrls, $20; 6 cooks, German style, $25.
$30; French nurse, $20; a larg-e number of
house tlrls, $20, $23, city and .country. J. F.
CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
A CANDY saleslady: experienced; at once.
1 WHltress; arm work; $25: board, rm. & fare.
1 cook: restaurant; city; $30.
1 dishwasher at once.
2~i ilrls: general housework; $20 to $30.
' BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 027' Market st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
good home; wages $18. Apply 222 Dolores St.,
near Sixteenth.
WANTED — Experienced hands on skirts; also
Infants' wear. Cal. Underwear Co.. 1025 Mkt.
LADY over 23 for refined, pleasant office posl-
tlon; security required. Box 1828, Call office.
GIRL for VaFleJo; general housework;' small
family. Call IS3O O'Farrell gt.. cor. Pierce.
GIRL for housework; references. 112 Lyon st.
WA NTED— Young lady, stylish, after 9:30 a. m.
207 Powell St., room 2.
YOUNG girl or elderly woman: general "house-
work; assist with children; $12. 2123 Mission.
WANTED— A good waitress. Apply at 106 Sec-
ond st.
*' WOMEN cooks wanted at 769 Mission St.; ap-
. Ply early. ; .- _ \
HELP W ANTED— FEMALE.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO ..Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
15 waitresses, first-class commercial hotelst.
$20 and $25; 4 waitresses," first-class- cafe, $25,
fare paid; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $7; woman cook, $50; fancy Ironef,
, city. $30; fancy lroner, country. $30 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS
6 choice places, small families, for house
Klrls, $20. $25; 3 choice places, second work,
city, $20; woman to cook for men. $IS. seS
party here; German cook, city, $30; cook,
city, $30; working housekeeper. $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 FIRST-CLASS chambermaids, same city
hotel. $18 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at.
WOMAN nurse for sanitarium . work. $30 and
found; call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WAITRESS; neat and competent girl for din-
ing room. 44S Third »t.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 503 Kcarny.st.. room 2.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. 5*4
Kearny St., room IS.
GIRLS GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32*4 Fremont.-
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weelcs to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BAI'.BER COLLEGE, &5
Clay Bt.
WANTED— Girl to assist In housework; $15.
718 Stelner st.
GERMAN woman to assist In light housework;
small family. 1130 Mission st.
VEST maker and apprentice wanted. 517
Jessie st.
FKW young- ladies to Join night achool; low
rater. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlee, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofHce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Ft. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
I lencla St.
HELP WANTED— .HALtH
WANTED
K<»- institution
First cook $60
Second cook $40
Third cook • $30
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED ,
Driver for delivery wagon in city; references
required; T53 per month and found. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay at.
WANTED
Bread and cake baker for country shop: fare
paid ; f5O per month and found. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay Bt.
WANTED
Stableman on centleman'a ranch. $2o per
month and board ; choreman on ranch, $25 and
board; boiler-maker, $3 50 per day
Blacksmith for ranch $35 and board
Band sawyer and screw turner for sawmill
company
2 haying hands*' for Santa Clara County
$26 and board
Working foreman on ranch near city. $35 and
board; man to run eelf-btnder on large ranch
near city. $30 and board; 6 milkers, $25 and
$30; choreman for country hotel near city, $15
to $20 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Cloy st.
WANTED
Coal miner for Alaska, $45 per month and
board; free fare; see boss here. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay at.
A— soo MEN WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad work; lone Jobs $2 a day
Free transportation to the work. Addlv to
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
2 boilermakers. country. $3 60 a day; 20 la-
borers for sawmills and woods. $26 and board,
fares advanced: 6 miners, $2 50 a day; ma-
chinist, 13 a day: blacksmiths, $3 and $2 50 a
day; farmers, milkers and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
A BAKER, country hotel. $50; fry cook, restau-
rant. $60; day cook, $10 a week, and night
cook, $3 a week, for coffee house; waiter,
coffe* house, $S a week; cook, country hotel,
$15; pantry boy, hotel, $15; 2 cooks' helpers
for a ranch, $20; 10 waiters, mine boarding
house, $25; dishwashers and kitchen hands,
$20 and $23. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. 1
A SHAMPOOER for springs, $33 to $40; nurse 1
and masseur for Institution, $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
GERMAN driver for baker's wacon. $40 and
board; harnessmaker, $2 £0 day: floor man t
shoemaklng shop, $2 50 day: 3 machinists. (3 1
to $3 25 day; car builders, 30c an hour: band
sawyer. $!»0 and board; second setter, $26 and
board; blacksmith, $3 day; 2 wheelwrights;
ooys for planing mill, $4 and $6 week; 10
woodchoppers, $1 25 to $2 cord; 8 bark peel-
ers. $30 month and board: 20 laborers for mill
and woods, fare advanc«il; woodsmen, $26 to
$35, fare advanced; farmer and wife for Ala-
meda County. $50; American man and wife, i
private family, $j0; man and wife for poultry
ranch, $40; gardener, $23 farmers, milkers, la- J
borers for mines, teamster, }1 Si a day. and j
others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, city hotel. $'0: second cook
and baker. $12 week: broiler. $55: oysterman.
$40: second cook. }33; cook for steamer, $30. call
before 7:30 a. m.; second cook. $25: cook, coun-
try boardinj? house. $3i; cook, coffee house.
$30; second cook, $S week; waiter. $S week:
dlshwaFher, $G. $5 week. $23, $20 month; other
hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT Apency,
628 Sacramento st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1.12.
WANTED — Experienced manager stock rooms
in large general merchandise business; must
also be familiar with office duties. Answer,
stating reference and experience, box 1524,
this office.
1 COAT maker, 1 vest maker and 1 pants
maker for Fort Bragg: Scandinavian pre-
ferred.. Apply REISS BROS. &. CO., 24 Sut- ',
ter ft., between 9 and 11 a. m.
WANTED — Steady man, satisfied with $16 per
week; must be able to keep plain accounts
and assist in outside work; $100 #ash required.
1010 Market St., room 10. , '
AN experienced salesman wanted In every coun- :
ty; psrmanent engagement; new line; $30
weekly assured. American School of Corre- .
Fpondence, Boston, Mass. • ,
I WANTED — Experienced cast Iron soil pipe and
1 fitting moldefs; state experience. Address
Foundry, General Delivery P. 0.. S. F.
BARBER wanted from 10 to 10 Saturday: $2.
513 Kearny st.. nr. California.
— — — .
BARBER wanted; must be Al; at 12 Fifth st.
BARBER; Saturday night and Sunday morn-
ing; percentage; $3 guaranteed. 708 McAllister.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; good wages. »
ICOG Mission »t., above Sixth.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 413 ;
Broderick st. *
GOOD' barber for Saturday; wages $3. 131
Third Bt. j
GOOD barber wanted at 334 Sixth st. for Sat-
urday and Sunday; $4. •
GOOD barber wanted at 11 o'clock Saturday;
wages $3. 908",4 Howard et. J
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday; wages $3.
1727 Market st.. opposite Halght.
WANTED— A barber; Saturday and Sunday.
11 Sixth st.
WANTED— Barber at 62 Seventh st.; wages $3. 1
BARBER, first-class workman, wants position
In country or Oakland. Box 4579. Call offlee.
BARBER shop; in good mining town; for sale;
cheap: shavinjj 25c. DECKELMAN BROS., ;
106 Ellla'st. 1
BARBEKS- Wanted to buy second-hand revolv-
ing chair. Box 4535, Call office. Z
I ; £
SHOEMAKER on first-class repairing. 1705
Polk Ft. « 5
WANTED— Man to drive wagon. Girls' Direc-
tory, Central aye. . J
CAIIPENTER wanted. Apply Girls' Directory,
Central aye. and Waller at.
DISHWASHER wanted; must do porter work
and carry tray. 37 Eddy Ft.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half I
price. JC2 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2<l sts.
WANTED— Errand boy at 37 Eighth et. ; call
8 a. in.
BEAN hand wanted at tannery, Santa Cruz
Apply at 107 Clay st.. city. £
COOK; short order; coffee house; small place-
s3o to $35 a month. 700 Mission st.
YOUNG man wanted to work In exchange for
tuition. S.F. Bus. College. 1236 Market st.
WANTED— A cook In small restaurant. Apply *
at 2Wi Third Et. .
WANTED— A baker, third hand. Apply at 1523
2 COOKS wanted atr-7G3 Mission st.; apply a
early. vv '
DISHWASHER; sober, competent man onlr r
need apply. 44S Third st. . T E
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN SS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
642S men for various positions, wages from
$120 to $30 and found
. blacksmith for machine shop. $3 to $3 50 day;
18 blacksmiths and helpers. $40 to $60 and
found; machinist; lathe hand; wheelwrights;
carriage trimmer: carriage woodworker ••¦
6 rough carpenter. Sawmill Co J^O
band sawyer, friction nigger IW
ucrew turner. $J0 and found; gang edger-
man; second man on carriage. $30 and found..
WE PAY YOUR FARES
150 men, no experience required, anybody can
do this work, in and around mills, yards and
woods of a large Sawmill Co., to do common
laboring-, $26 to $40 and found: 230 farm, or-
chard, vineyard hands, ranch teamsters, etc..
$25 and $30 and found: 15 men for the hay
field, choremen and beys; dairy men: milkers:
butter maker, run separator. s3o and $35 and fd
Ftableman, city and country $25 and $31)
buggy washers, harness clear.era. etc. : sheep
herders, $23 and found; gardeners, $30; mar-
ried man for chicken ranch, $C 3 and house,
wood and water free
65 laborers for the mines, no experience re-
quired. $26. $30. $35 and $40 and found; 230 la-
borers, city and country
MURRAY & READY.
C34-C3J Clay Et.
A — FOR mine boarding-house — Cook, second
cook and dishwasher. $10. $33 and $30 and
found; 18 hotel and restaurant cooks. $40 to
$60 and found; second cook, no s^»"it nor Sun-
day work. $40; 13 wallers, city country
$23 and $30
second and third bakers, also helpers, wash-
ers, ironers and laundry help, $23 and $35.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
DISHWASHER; one who knows something
about short orders. 204 Sixth st.
WANTED— Good lunch waiter. Apply 2043
Folsom St., bet. 16th and 17th, 9 o'clock sharp.
NIGHT cook, waiter, waitress. Apply 1300
Turk st.
WANTED— Carpenter. Call at 439 Stevenson
street.
WANTED— Good carpenters; $4 per day. Apply
J. W. SCHOUTEN. lumber yard. Sixth and
Channel ats.
PANTS maker wanted at 1110 Market st.
GARDENER wanted. Call at flower store, 1211
Polk Bt.
BURNISHER wanted In DENNISTON'S 8. F.
Plating Works. 632 Mission st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
OfSce. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.. or
530 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «33
Clay Bt.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 |jer week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltln-r: 25c
to EOo. 6C2 Mission gt.. bet. Ist and 2J sts.
WANTED— 2 proficient engineers and 2 capable
lever men for dredger: high wages; none but
men of financial responsibility need apply.
Address box 4627. Call office.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third gt. • 130 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work 'or his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard st.
BOY 14 to 18; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st., room 33.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' practice: Examiner bid;.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and bagcage to and from the *«"*"*r.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 13c to 23c per night: 73c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription-!
received at Call branch nffVe. 2210 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for th<» reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1005 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVK STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for eale: also wagons, buggies.
• carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
S?7 Sixth at.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at I*2l
and 1525 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
aleo some fine matched black teams.
FINE draft and driving horses constantly on
hand. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721-723
Howard gt.
JUST received, 2. ! > head of fine horses, ranging
from 1000 to 1400 pounds. 35 Dore St., near
Folsom and Ninth.
J4S — LIGHT wacon. horse and harness; also
large mare, $30. 21 City Hall aye.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st ; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
20 WORK and driving horses: fine carriage
team: span of mules, 2200. 1751 Mission st.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. der.t.. 6C5 Oold»n Gat* ay.
FOR sale; — 1400-pound team of horses; cheap.
17 Diamond St. '
HOL'SKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO rent — For the fcummer: complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, pure
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles: 3
miles from St. Helena: ij mile from station.
• For particulars address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal. ; also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
ELEGANT sunny house near park; 8 rooms and
bath. Corner of Hayes and Devisadero sts.
MODERN house, 9 rooms and bath. $45. i 912
Washington st... above Franklin.
UPPER part of building at 629 Mission at. :
contains 18 rooms.
6-ROOM flat: Clara street; rent $14? also 3
rooms for ?3. KREDO & CO., 33 Geary st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster: 11 rooms^and servants'
room: 7 bedrooms; sun In every room; every-
thing In perfect order: stable on rear street;
will rent for •! months or a t»rm of years.
J. H. OILMORE. 323 Montgomery st.
FURNITURE of S rooms for sale and house to
let. Southwest corner Sutter and Webster sts.
LOST A.MJ FOL>O. ~~~
STRAYED— From 617 Eddy st^ black~cocker
spaniel; half-breed; female; long tall; name
Onida: $5 reward for her return.
LOST— A diamond locket with the Initials D. F.
Liberal reward on return to 701 Broderick st."
corner of Fulton. • *
LOST— A Jeweled comb. Return to 609 Com-
mercial st. and receive reward.
LOST— Raffle list of names; reward- finder
leave address. Box 1523, Call office.
STOLEN— From undersigned. April 21. open
buggy and harness; buggy Is low set. side
spring, covered with leather over rear end of
box: body painted black, running gear red-
boards In bottom shrunk apart some; suitable
reward for recovery of same. GEO WAQ.
NER & CO.. 540 Clay St., San Francisco.
LOST-On the ferryboat Berkeley, which left
Oakland mole at 12 o'clock, a gentleman's
open-face gold watch, with lady's picture In
back.. Leave at Senate Saloon. Pine and
Kearny sts.. and receive liberal reward.
LO ,? T .:r A ~s ark chestn "t mare from pii
W ULFF-S crocery. Seventh aye. and M st
Butchertown: reward. , **•
FOUNO— St. Bernard dog; prove prop., pay ex .
Pensea; bet. 7 and 9 p. m.. r. C. Fulton House:
MEDICAL. ~
SRsTcpo^viNrThT^^
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness returned f™m
Europe with advanced knowlej/J "™ari-iE??
treatment $5; safe and reliable c-Sl?n on-
day; 1* years' successful practice In S e?®
maternity home; low fees. 1^74 Market bY
cases successfully; treaiment car Tt£ Ssed at
W^tV o^V^'l^^Markerr
2&£sKg tf C&~her^ anrS
r^i^ a°nd C f t h oTjJ^^" ".'
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialtlst-Guar
anteed treatment at office $5- aafi VT, i
liable; consultation free. U22 M « rket st beY
Mason and Taylor; hours 0 a. m. to S p. ml
MR& DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market: ladles' special'
"bigg. ssyjyrjaSMß
MEDICAL.
I MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; horn«
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $3.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; terms
reasonable. $23 Castro st.. near 7th. Oakland.
VI- VI— DR. WISE A CO.. the ladlea' specialists.
111S Market: every -case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private fcom»
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason at.
AIUmCATUD UATHS.
' ANnSIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles: ladles' department
removed to "The Rc'levue." Van Ness aye.
opp St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
3U.M\G AM) ASSAYING.
3 EXPERIENCED miners, who can save all
the fine gold, want a grub stake for Nome.
11. U.. 317 M'nr.a st.
~ mi.m:s and mi.mxg.
GOLD -aver; we' challenge all competitors:
call and see. 173S Fifteenth St.. or i> East
ttrett.
MISCELLANEOUS FOIt SALE^^
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 13S-ia7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017- 13 19- 1021- 1023 Mission,
Ft., above Sixth. ___ m
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 21< Spear at.
BEAUTIFUL aolid gold matchbox, having a.
aolltalre diamond In center, for $22 50; original
coat $45. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FINE 4-ounce coin silver American watch for
$8; cost $13. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant avo.
LARGE-SIZE microscope, suitable for a physj-
ciaii. for $20; original coat J45. UNCLE HAK-
RI3. 13 Grant aye.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
$100; concert records. $2 S«X BACIGALUPI.
923 Market gt... San Francisco.
ICASOMfC gold stone ring; $«: will send C. O.
D. PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., nr. Pino.
WE want good clothes and will pay big prices.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton at.
FOR sale— Billiard table. Apply at 429 BusH
street. _
FOR aale— Youn? donkey and St. Bernard bitch j
cheap. 410 Maple st.
GASOLINE engines; all. sizes; second hand}
cheap: guaranteed. Newell Bros.. 140 First at.
FOR sale— 2 elegant large wall cases at a bar-
gain. 230 Stockton st.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
ONE 2H-horsepower 800- volt rnqtor; standard
make; cheap. WHITE. 516 Mission at.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausag* ma-
chlnery. Mclntoah & Wolpman. 135 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 B«al»\
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NTSW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market at.
A-I'VTON Fairbanks scale and flr« and bur-j-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and bunr-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand, all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 r'a*T*r and matcher: 1
air comrressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND garden hose and attachments;
must be reasonable. Ohio Dental Parlors.
g.V) Market at.
WANTED— RoIIer too desk and offlee fixtures.
Room 623. Parrott buildlnir.
WANTED— 2 rr 3 rood dJamonds. C I. CAR-
TER. Gilroy. or box 1523. Call office.
BIG prices paid for full-dress suits. PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stickton: will call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright p'ano for
ta-ih. H. L. WHITEHF..AD. 17tr> Market nt.
jao.\c* to loa.k.
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent: flrat.
second mortsag-es. estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortf-as-es; confidential : advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronicle b!dg.
ANY amount at « per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. X
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advancea on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rate?. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
at.: tel. Main 1544. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
hisrhe-<t price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st-
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgage-*, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER * CO.. 25 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kfamy St.. room 9. respectable prtvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
Eervlce; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
es and 63. Donohoe buildlni-r. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at H4 per cent: also
loans to salaried people. IIARSHBARGER,
322 Ellis st.. room 34.
MONKY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge. 431 Calif.
MONEY loaned; unsecured note of any man of.
good character. Prescott A Co.. Phoenix. Ariz.
TO salaried people; without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, en furniture and pianos: J*?.:
no removal : no commission. ( Eddy st.. r. SI.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 3S« Parrott bulld-
ine — Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner bulldln-r.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no>
commission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market at.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser:
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cl»cf> PlKT.unt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from wbom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $8 cash. $4 per
month: other pianos $3. $1 and %Z per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearr.y and Sutter ats., San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
AN opportunity for snap hunters.
Weber^ — Upright; like new.
Everett— Sample from factory.
Vose— Slightly used; walnut case.
Krell— Large size; very good.
Estey — Medium size; fine tone.
Woodworth — Small upright.
From $35 up: to close quickly n<f reason*»bt-»
effer refused: warranted. BENJ. CURT Ail
& SON. 16-IS-20 O'Farrell st.. Chickerlns
Agency.
IF you really want a real bargain, you can rely
on getting a reliable article from us at a Inw
. price: call and see for yourself. MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
OUR reputation for bargains is well estab-
lished, because we always give the most that
can be had for the money: try us. MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 76> Market st.
DECKER & SON and PACKARD pianos hay»
been so well known for many years that w»
need only say we are the agents and carry &
full line. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ke tst.
A BSOLUTELY the oldest and larzest hou*»
west of Chtcaso Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
?«. 23 and 30 O'Farr»ll st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer. ."'n,'.
p JL anos: new Bcale - new "tyles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SQIIMER & CO.. Byroa Mauzy pianos. JOS to
J3O SAVED— ICO pianos at a sacrifice; Install-
ments $5 75; rents $2. HEINE'S, 13S EUI» su
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
12WeeHy Gall $1.00 per Year
Estate of Jens P. Mortensen (by A. C.
Freeze, administrator) to Henry E. Bothln. lot
on SW line of Third street, 75 SE of Brannan,
SE 25 by SW 156:5: $790n.
Rosalie Dusenbery, Julia Dusenbery (wife of
Lpwls). Fannie Dusentx-ry (wlf* of Nathant.
Frances Stencel (wife of Jacob) and Charles
Diamond to Nathan and Lewis Dusenhery. lot
on SW line of Fourth street, 30 SE of Tehama,
SE 50 by SW 75: $10.
Peter McNamara to Mary McNamara (sin-
gle), lot on W line of First avenue, 74:7 Vi S of
Lake street. S £5 by W £5: $10.
Jean M. Taylor and Frances E. Burtls to
Blanche L. Weems. lot on S line of A street.
96 W of Thirty-eighth avenue. W 24, S 116:S,
E 170 N 16:8 W P6. N 100: also lot on NW cor-
npr n'f X street and Thirty-fifth avenue, W 110
by N 50- also lot on W line of Thirty-seventh
avenue. 100 N of A street. N 194:3 by W 120; $10.
Joslah Garrett to Joseph L. Dumontier. lots
32 and 33. map of Seminary-avenue Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $IX
Dr. F. and I-illie F. Oliver tf> Charles W.
Shoemaker, lot on W lino of Frultvale avenue.
575 N of Hopkins street. N 132 by W 140. being
lota 22 and 23 and the S 32 feet of lot 24. block
B Dimond Tract. Brooklyn Township: JlO.
T. M. and Minnie G. James to Leah F. Mott,
lot on S line of Alameda avenue. 53:4 E of
Willow street. E 66:8 by S 150. belns lot 16
and E 16:8 feet of lot 17 In W half of block E.
lands adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Santa Clara
avenue. '¦ S7 SE from point of Intersection of
Santa Clara avenue with SE line of Everett
street SE 43, NE 125, NW 45. SW 125 to be-
ginning, being the SE 45 feet of lots 1. 2 and 3,
block 2 Chipman Blocks. Alameda: $10.
Spencer K. and Harriet H. Irish to Frank H.
Robinson lot on N line of Twenty-sixth stree..
132:4 E of Market, E 50 by N 100. being lot iO.
Milton Tract, Oakland (subject to a mortgage
of $1800): $10.
McCarthy Company (corporation) to Carl
Rundqulst. lot 17. block C. Parsons Golden
Gate Tract. Oakland; $I'>.
Ada S. Trefethen to Christ Anderson, lot
3, block 5(5. on map of subdivision of lots 34
to 57. «6 67 and 6R. Kingsland Tract. Brooklyn
Township (quitclaim deed): $1.
Christ Anderson to Charles MufT. lots 3* end
'5. block' 56. on map of subdivisions of lots 3<?,
57. 65 and 66. same; $10.
Martin H. Schnabel et al. (by W. S. Harlnw.
commissioner) to J. O. Armour, lot on N line
of Santa Clara avenue. 350 E of Walnut street.
E 100 by N 207 :5. being lots S and 9, block
34. lands adlacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $5.7)0.
Theodore H. Slusser to Elizabeth Urfer. lot on
NW corner of lands formerly owned by Clarke
and Carpentier and Pearl street. N SO. W 143.
S 10 E 10, S 70. E 133 to beginning, Alameda;
gift.
Alameda County.
Melissa S. Carle (widow) to Hyacinth Gil,
lot on XV line of Center street,H4 N of W Thir-
teenth. N 23 by W 100. being lot S. block 3SO,
Map or Peralta and Center Street Lands, quit-
claim deed. Oakland: $10. .»
Same to same, lot on W line of Center street.
79 N of West Thirteenth. N 23 by W 100. being
lot 3, block 3SO, same, quitclaim deed, Oakland;
11.
E J. Davis to Harry L. Holcomb. lots 5 to
16, block D, Map of the Sather Tract, Oakland;
$5.
Lulgi Marinl to Antonio and Maddalena Ghlr-
ardelll. lot on NW corner of Third and Mar-
ket streets. W 76 by N 94, block 452. Map of
Hardy's Addition to Adeline and Market Street
Homestead; also lot on N line of Third street.
50 E of Myrtle, E 30 by N. 94, block 452. same:
also lot on E line of Myrtle street. 119 N of
Third. N !5 by E 125, block 452. same: also
lot on N line of Third street. 55 E of Filbert.
E 41 by N 94, block Q— 4Sl, Adeline and Mar-
ket Street Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Theodore and Ida Wagner to Julius Hoese-
on S line of Oak street, 3.:6
75 by S 100; $10.
David J. Thomas to Blanche A. Thomas, lot
on N line of Liberty street, 201 W of Noe, W
25 by N 114; cons, payment of mortgage.
Grade T. Dietz to John Dietz Jr., lot on S
line of Twenty-second street. 225 W of Sanchez,
W 25 by S 114. quitclaim deed; $335.
Katherine A. Rivers to Thos. W. and Christo-
pher C Rivers, lot on N lini? of Valley street,
205 E of Diamond. E 50 by N 111; $10.
Alexander Boyd and Edwin B. Mastick to
David E . Ann M. and Martha Thompson (one
fifth each), and Emma Thompson (two fifths),
lot on NE corner of Pine and Leavenworth
streets. E SO by N SI; als'> lot on N line ot
California street. 45:10 E of Davis. E 45:10 by
N 69:5; also lot on N line of California street.
67:6 W of Sansome, W 40 by N SO.
Emma, David EME M Ann M. and Martha
Thompson to San Francisco Theological Semi-
nary (a corporation), lot on N line of Califor-
nia street, 67:6 W of Sansorae, W 40 by N 80;
$10.
Lfiwis, Julia, Nathan and Fanny Dusenbery,
Frances Stencel (wife of J.) and Charles Dia-
mond to Rosalie Dusenberv. lot on W line of
Kearny streets 61:6 N of Sutter, N 23 by W
K7-V JlO.
Loul's and Rosa Lecarl to Andrew K. Pes-
sano. lot en W liv of Powell street. 27 S of
Chestnut. S 33:6 by W 100: $10.
Sharon Estate Company (a corporation) to
Thomas? J. Clunte, lot on SE corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Leavenworth street, E 52:6
by S 1-17: C; $40,000.
William and Ellen Simpson to Grace M..
Elizabeth F. and Emma G. Sullivan, lot on S
line of Sacramento street, 171:lC>a E of Hyde,
E 34:4' i. by S 137:6; 110.
Lewis", Julia, Fanny and Rosalie Dnsenbery
and Charles Diamond ta Samuel Dusenbery. un-
divided half of lot on S line of Eddy street,
206:3 W of Hyde, W 68:9 by 8 137:6; $10.
Mary A. Athearn to Douglas S. Watson, lot
on NE line of Thtrd street. 30 SE of Minna, SE
25 by NE 77:6: $10.
ARRIVED.
Friday. April 27.
Stmr Westport. Eric3son. 17 hours from Us>al.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. 57 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound port".
Stmr Point Arena, llansen. 13 hours frum
Mendocino.
Stmr Gipsy. Leian.l. 35 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 17» 2 hours from Eu
r Stmr Geo Loomis. Brldgett. 43 hours from
S-tmr Rival. Johnson. 61 hours from Wlllapa
Hr stmr WyefleUl. Cartmer. 54 days from Ma
nila, via Nac2*aki r< clays.
Sehr Impossible. Low. 6 hours from Po;r.t
CLEARED.
Friday. Aoril 27.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria; O R & N Co.
Bark Martha Davis. McAlman, HUo; Welch
& t'o.
Bark Chas B Kenney. Anderson. Bristol Bay;
Alaska I*ackers' Association.
Bktn Catherine Bnddan. Parma. Cape Nome;
Cape Nome Beach Lighterage and Transporta
tion Co. _,
S-hr Bessie K. Ni<>l3on. Cape Nome; Kim
ban S3 S «'o.
S"hr Louise J K<»nney. Everson. whaling and
Care Nome; E Everson.
Fr bar* Grand Duchesse Olga. Maheo.
Qaeenstown; Falfour. Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, Asril 27.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. San Diejo.
Stmr Alex Duiism, N'-»pHnder. .
Stmr Leland, Gtpsjr, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Ship C F Sarjrent. Gammons. Tacom*.
Bark Agate. Bergman. Bristol Fay.
Bktn Arago. Parry. Columbia River.
Bktn Gardiner City. Schmehl. f"oo<« Bay. •
Sehr Barbara Hernater. Oisen, Co.^uille River.
sy-hr Newark, Beok. Bowens Landing.
Sehr Ralph J Long. Isigekelt. Iversens Land
lilfT.
Sehr Reliance. Anftndsen. Iver**»as Landing.
Sehr Oxiullle. Anderson. Crwjullle River.
Sehr Archie and Fontie. Skirper. Stewarts
Point.
Sehr Ida Schnauer. Sorenson. Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 27. H> p m— Weather
hazy; win! NW. velocity 2rt miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. April 27— Br stn'r Abersreldle, from
Portland. Or. is ashore- In Kobe harbor and will
have to be lightened to get afloat. Will prob
ably ccme off at hi_h water. Has sustained
no apparent damage.
Fire broke out on board Br bark Gl»nbr»ck.
fnm San Francisco I>ec 2. which Is discharg
ing cargo at Sunderland.
DOMESTIC PORT?.
P.OCKPORT— Arrived April 27— Stmr Scotia,
hence April 24.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 27— Stair
Olympia, from Hongkong.
Passed up ADrtl 27— Stmr Mackinaw, henc*
April 22. for Seattle; stmr Willamette, hencs
April 22. for Seattle.
Sailed April 27— Stmr Olympia, for Tacoma;
sehr Fred E Sander, for Cape Nome.
PORT LOS* ANGELES— SaiIed April 27— Stmr
Mineola. for Comox.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 27— Er ship William
Law, for Queenstown.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 27— Br stmr Bel
gian King. frf<m Astoria.
SAN PEDRO-Arrived April V— Stmr W H
Kruger, from Tillamock; stmr Sunol, from Eu-
Salled April 27— Stmr Sequoia, for San Fran
cisco; sehr S<?rena Thayer, tv Eureka,
MENDOCINO— Arrived April 27— Sehr Del
None, hence Anril 2fi.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 27— Stmr Noy-x
hence April 24; stmr National City, hence April
* REDON DO — Arrived April 27 — Fchr La
Gironde 3 days 5 hours from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 27— Bktn Amelia, for
Honolulu; stmr Samoa, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed April 27— U S stmr
Bear, hence April 2«. for Seattle.
GREENWOOD — Arrived April ZZ — Stmr
Whitesbcro, from Port Lo* Angeles.
CASPAR— Arrived April 27— Stmr Cleone. hnc
PORT ORCHARD— Arrived April Z*— U S
stmr lowa, hence April 23. _.-__~''^ ,„
SEATTLE— SaiIed April 2S— Baric Theobald.
for San Francisco; stmr Golden Gate, for Bri3
°VENTURA— Arrived April 27— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 27— Stmr Empire,
hence April 21.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 2S— Ship Henry
Failing, for Kahului.
NORFOLK— Cleared April 2S— Br stmr KhaUf,
for Manila.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
GUATMAS— SaiTed April 24-Schr Reporter,
for Grays Harbor.
SWANSEA— SaiIed April 27— Br bark Inver
amsey. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 26— Br ship Had
don Hall, from Oregon.
Sailed April 2o — JaD stmr America Maru. tot
San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived April 27— Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru. hence March 31.
COLON— Arrived April 20 — Stmr Advance, fin
Ne<v York.
Sailed April B— Stmr Alliar.ca. for New York.
ROTTERDAM-In port April I*— Br ship
Cromartyshlre. for .
NAGASAKI— In port Asril *— Br shlo Frank-
Istan. for Oregon:
ISLE OF V/IGHT— Passed April 23— Br ship
Carnedd Llewellyn, from Hamburg, for Hono
lulu.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed April S-Gt ship
Henrietta, from Hamburg, for Puget Round.
PANAMA— Arrived April 10— Stmr Newport,
hence March 19. April IS-Stmr San Juan. from.
San Jose de G'-!atemala.
Sailed April IC— Stmr San Bias, for San
Francisco.
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed March 25— Fr bark
Marechal Vlllera. for Oresron.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVTLLE— SaiIed April 27— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New York: itmr ParUian.
from Liverpool, for Halifax.
QUEENSTOWN— ArrivM April 27— Stair Cam
pania, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
BRISBANE— SaiIed April 27— Stmr Aorangrt.
for Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Arril 27— Stmr Cevic.
for New York.
CHERROURG— SaiIed April 27— Stmr Kal«»r
Friederich. from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York.
R KAL ESTATE — COUXTUV — For Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms In theCapay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
yin» planting; farms range in size from 10 to
4j zrres and now told to induce immediate
actjoii at low prices and easy terms: home-
seekers will never regret securing one of these
hom»s; no malaria, no frosts: products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (in-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; 2
railroad trains dally from San FranciECo;
water for irrigation when desired; superior to
southern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the Furwrior polls and all other advan-
tages nampd. will re sold at prices far below
those asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable j n excellence; there Is no more
independent life than the small diversified
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as $100 per acre; you can leave
San Francisco on X a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esoarto. and back to San Francisco
early the same evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Barney. Esparto, to enow you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal:
$400 WILL buy a first-class milk route In Santa
Rosa, with horse, harness, wagon, cans and
everything complete; now clearing from $90 to
$100 per month; books will be shown. Cal! on
cr address B. W. ROBERSON. 41S B et.,
Santa Rosa. Cal.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye . 3 miles
north cf Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad—
Valley land by the fir-re. $13^ to $29^. Call for
_maps, etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. St.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
Sf-00 ranches on my rale and exchange list.
N. D. Sli'KELS— the land agent— 10 Geary st. :
j ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3000 ranches on my PALE AND EXCHANGE
list. N. D. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
10 Geary st. ,
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
; ROSS Valley lots— soxlso, $300, or larger pieces
: in proportion: San Rafael water system; fine
I view; sprinkled roads; 5 minutes' walk from
new station of Kent. 10 minutes from Ross
station: all trains stop at these stations. Ap~'
ply P. ROSS. Kent station, or C. H. STAN-
YAN. 21 Market St.. San Francisco.
ROOMS FOR HOL'SKIvEttFIAG.
. COMPLETELY furnished parlor, two bedrooms
I and kitchen: rent only $12. including water.
! Apply at 515 Second et. .
I EDDY. 2C7— iJirge front room, $2 75; front room, :
running water. $2 25: runny room, $2.
EIGHTH. 10S— Punny housekeeping room; fold-
ing bed; small range; tunny porch; station-
ary tubs; $7.^
FIFTH. 221— Sunny front alcove room for
housekeeping; clean: respectable.
FOLSOM. £34— Large sunny front bay-window !
room: kitchen: closets; bath; everything pri-
vate ; $3 25 week.
HARRISON. 731—4 rooms furnished complete
for housrk<>oping: large yard: bath: rent. $16.
HAVES. 4Cl— Four newly furnished rooms and
bath. $1S: also three rooms, $12 iO.
HYDE. 4CS — Sunny parlor floor of 2 or 3 rooms,
complete for housekeeping; also single.
IVY. Sl4— 3 rooms furnished for housekeeping;
" rent %9.
JESSIE, 367— Furnished and housekeeping room
to let.^ _
KEARNY. 223. near Sutter— A front suite. $12;
gas. Janitor service free. Apply 13 Grant aye.
LARGE kitchen and bedroom, furnished com-
pl»»^ for housekeeping: rent $1 50 per week.
Apply at shoe store. m€ 2 Mission St.. between
First and Second st=.
LARKIN. 707. nr. Ellis— Newly furnished, nice
clean housekeeping rooms. $13: no children.
LEAVENWORTH, 1521—2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
MARKET, IC2S— 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping. Ill; 2 unfurnished $6; S._sSj
MARTHA place. 6—26 — 2 sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping: sink: w. c. same floor.
MINNA. £14— Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
MISSION, SWi — Large front and back sunny
ro<ms to let;" suitable for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1119 — Newly furnished rocms. $5 and
$6 month; can do light houjf keeping.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh— 2 large sunny
rooms; private family; $12.
NINTH, 236B— Sunny suite of 3 rooms; gas
stove; also single: new flat.
OFARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor flocr; 2 to 5 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
PINE. 1459. cor. Polk— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas; running water; also one
single room. _ ; .
2 OR 3 large sunny rocms. connected, for house- j
keeping; sink, bath and gas.. 1401 Powell. st.
SIXTH. USA— 4. connecting rooms, with piano,
furnished for housekeeping; also other roomi.
SIXTH. 136— Large sunny room, light house-
keeping; also other rooms; rent reasonable.
SUTTER. 4*7—T wo rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished, for housekeeping. '
SUTTER. 1111. near Larkin— Comfortably furn.
plr.gle suites: also hkpg. : terms reasonable.
THIRD. 24 n — Two rrwms complete for house-
' keeping: $¦> r* r month.
ji4_HAY- WINDOW: 5 rooms; gas and bath;
rooms newly fixed up. 3154 Twenty-second st.,
comer Capp. '.\ '
TWO unfurnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing: private family: references exchanged.
Address, box ISO 7. Call office.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened ;
¦ t 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call csvertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 19?« Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vuturn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
SEe to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; cpen all night.
A— "t7ie~leLMEß HOUSE." 3*4 Bush St., ad-
joining the Russ Hotel: S4 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124. corner Hyde — Sunny corner rooms:
lawn, .telephone and all conveniences; hot
water and bath.
CARJIOLTOX, 120fi Market, cor. Golden Gate.
«ye. — Sunny corner; well furn.: rms. & offices.
ELLIS. €39. corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
room: mantel: gas: for 2: $1L
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms; suites or single; travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 624— Sunny rooms; fur-
nished; r«-nt very reasonable.
GRAXDioLTHERN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission st.— Select
family rooming house: $1 SO to $6 per week.
HANOVER HOUSE, S27A Howard— Changed
hands; newly renovated^ housekpg. and single.
HARRISON, 7K4H, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all latest Improve-
ments; homelike: $1 week up^
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
2£c to $1 night: also housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY. 215— Sunny rooms. $1 60 per week
and up; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. «7. cor. £ighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NUMBER of large sunny rooms for gentlemen:
$10 to $33: rail for list. 613 Examiner bldg.
OAK. 116— Sunny newly furnished front bay-
window room; gas; bath; private family.
OFARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 431—2 or 3 sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping: no children.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 221 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to 11; m-e«k. $125 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis St.— lncandescent
" light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to Jl 50; week. $2
to $*: month. J8 to $20: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rctlsserie) — Nicely
furnished rcoins from $12 to $30. ? c ;..
TAYLOR. 511, near Geary— Nicely furnished
sunny room.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights!
elegant new furniture; single, suites; trans'C
THE OAKS. 119 Third — A good rooming bouse
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch orfice. 2200 Fillmore. |
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. ra. o-V
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IC9S
Valencia «t. - ¦
ROOMS AMI nOAUD.
A FAMILY having a large, well appointed
and refined home wishes to secure a few
couples to board and room: first-class in every
particular; references required. Address box
3C4, Call office.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices moderate; 2 car lines pass notel:
elevator: telephone Hyde 2771. ICO4 -California
st: corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Mathilde C 11. Foesten (formerly yon Pal-
landt) and Hermann Foesten to M. A. Fritz
(wife E. N.). lot on E line of Ashbury street.
160 S of Frederick, S 80 by E 106:3; $10.
Jacob and Bertha Schmidt to August and Ei-
ise Miller. lot on E line of Hartford street, 116
S of Nineteenth, S 29 by E 125; 510.
Alphonse Geantit to Rosaria Maze (wife of
Salvatore) lot on S line of Union street. 167:6
W of Powell, W 35:9 by S 62:6; $10.
L H. and Lizzie Sly to Edward W. McCar-
thy! lot on S line of Ellis street, I<>3 W of Tay-
lor W 27:6 by S 137:6: $10.
Alexander Bond to Charles Morton, lot on N
line of Pacific street, 45:6 W of Hyde, W 23 by
N 57:6; $10.
Edward W. and Sarah C. McCarthy to L.
H Sly. lot on N line of McAllister street, 87:6
E of Larkin. E 50 by N 137:6: $10.
John A. and Salo L. Beckwitfi to John and
Amalie Szeroizynskl, lot on SE corner of Twen-
ty-fourth (Sonoma) and Kansas streets, S 75
by E 75: $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Ucilla E.
Cook lot on SE line of Vienna street. 125 SW
of India. SW 50 by SE 100, block 67, Excelsior
Homestead: $10.
M. A. Meier to Charles Migeot, lot 11. block
423. South San FrancUco Homestead and Rail-
road Association: grant.
Mary L. Gardner to Edmund H. Knizht. lot
on S line of Greenwich street, 137:6 E of Stei-
ner, E 65:9 by S 12f>; also lot on S line of Green-
wich street. 275 W of Fillmore, W 39:11 by 8
120; also lot on N line of Greenwich street,
66:0% E of Steiner. E 71:5»i. N 120, W 59:2' 4 ,
S to beginning, quitclaim deed; $10.
William A. Gardner to same, same (three
pieces)- also lot on N line of Lombard street.
105:8 E of Steiner, E 69 by N 137:6: $10.
David L. Mayers and Sarah H. Blackman to
Benjamin Mayers, undivided one-half of lot
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Of flee. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 27. 19<».
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulHLng was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i c , at" r.oon of the 120 th meridian, or at J
o'clock p. ».. Greenwich ««£££££
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in char^».
TO SAIU
man, all Interest in lots 21 and X, block 8.
Dowling Tract. Berkeley; $350.
Ellen E. and Robert E. Glaze to D. Fricot.
lot on E line of Grand street. SO S of San An-
tonio, S 70 by E 173, subject to a mortgage for
$3600, Alameda: $10.
Caroline B. and Edward L. Giffnrd to A. C.
Anderson, lot on S line of BrlKgs avenue. .09
E of High street. E M by S 203. being lot XL
Map of Briggs Tract. Alameda; $10.
J. J. Traver (administrator estate J. C. j
Traver). Frank J. and J. J. Traver and Mary j
L. Traver Robson (by J.. B. Lanktree. commis-
sioner) to Harvey C. Somers. lot on N line of
Twenty-first street. 137:6 W of Curtis. W 37:S
by N MO. portion lots 12 and 13. block I, Curtis
and Williams Tract. Oakland: $1308.
P. E. and Mary A. Bowles to Jennie L.
Bridges, lot 51 and E 16 :R fe-»t of lot 50, Mitch-
ell Tract. Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Henrietta L Cottage to J. W. Brown, lot on
5 line of Willlama street. 174:3 W of Camp-
bell, W 2.". by S 100:7. being lot 14. block 501.
Gibbons Property at Oakland Point. Oakland:
$400.
John F. and Maria S. Dlngwell to J. "V.
Badescu. lot on SW line of Sunny Side avenue.
4.-,6.73 NW from N line of Oakland avenue. NW
30 by SW mo, being lot 6, block C, Sather Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Theresa Howard to Percle C. Black, lot on
W line of Filbert street. 170 S of Twenty-sec- ,
ond. S 45.29. W 125. N 55.79. E 36. S 10:6. X »
to beginning, being a portion of block F (or
61">). on Map of Survey of Northern Extension?
of Oakland, quitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
Lawrence Serda to Micaela and Carl U. Hall- |
meyer. lot on N line of Forty-first street. 100 j
WotW ot Grove. W 22:6 by N 137:6. Oakland: gift
Christine and O. M. Magneson to Orlando and
Dora E. Kitto. lot on SW corner of Thirty-thinl
and West streets, S 40 by W 116:3. Oakland. I
$10 !
Edward P. and Emma D. Flint to Walter C.
Beatle. lot on NW line of Oran*» street. 114.30
NE of Morrison place. NE 50.15. N^N 126.30 S.VV
50. SE 122.7* to beginning, being lot 10. block
K. Flint Tract No. 4 being portion of Oakland
Heights. Oakland: $10. . ,
R. A. Wilson to Josephine C. Herrick. lot on
SW corner of Hawthorne avenue and Webster
street. S 90 by W 150. being a portion of lot 19.
Buena Vista Homestead. Oakland (quitclaim
deed); ?10.
; Louise B. Merritt to Realty Syndicate (cor-
poration) of San Francisco, lot beginning at a
point on SE boundary of lots 5 to 13. block G.
Stanford Tract. 760 NE from NE line of Santa
1 Rosa aye. SE l. r »l:6. SW 50. NW 151:6. NE sO to
! beginning-. Oakland: $10.
Michael Buckley to Robert P. Goodtoe. lot on
E line of Haraer street. 100 N of W oolsev. N
3T.:5 by E ICO. being lot 7, block 5. Central Park
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Syndicate Investment Company to Andrew i
! Anderson, lot on NW line of Tevis street, i.
: NE from N corner of Tevis and Putnam. NE
12:( by NW 100. being the SW half of lot 10.
block 770, Devy Tract on Map of Syndicate In-
vestment Company's Subdivision cf blocks id.
1 752. 753. 754. 7t» and 77'), Levy & Lane Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $125.
Frances E. ar.d Mary C. Thompson to Her-
man Bremer. lot on N line of Santa Clara ave-
nue. 70 W of Prospect street. W 33:4 by N 140,
Alameda (quitclaim deed); $10.
Theresa Rockhill to George E. Donaldson. lot
on S line of Forty-third street. 90 E of Linden.
E 50 by S 100. being lot 5. block 2tX>4. Alden
Tract at Temescal. Oakland (quitclaim deed).
Alice H. Curtis to William F. Curtis, lot on
E line of Linden street. 130 N of Fourteenth. E
123 N 72.69 W 153. S 72.63. E 30 to beginning,
belntr portion of lets 3. 4 and ft, all of lot 6 and
' portion of lot 7. block 350. Oakland; gift.
Addle W. Brownridire to San Francisco Col-
lateral Loan Bank. 160 acres, being the SE
1 quarter of section 12. township 4 S. range 3 E,
Murray Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
William G. Irwin (owner) with W. T. Veltch
6 Bro. contractors, architects Reid P.rca.. Inte-
rior finishing work for residence on NE corner
of Washington and Laguna streets; $12,743.
Hale Bros. Inc. (owners) with W. Heldt Cor-
nice Works (J. A. Morrow proprietor* con-
tractor, architects same, galvanized iron and
tin work for a five-story and basement stor* on
; S line of Market street. 7S E from Sixth: $1941.
D. Ghirardelll'Co.. corporation (owners* with
Joshua Hendy Machine Works contractors,
architects William Mocser & Son. cast-iron col-
umns. Dost boxes and wall boxes for a two-
story and basement brick warehouse on N line
; cf North Point street. 4S E of Polk. 73x142.
Same owners with Judson Manufacturing Co.
contractors, architect* same, trUMWark for
roofs, tie rods, purlins, beams, anchors, stir-
rups, plates, etc.. for same.
Same owners with J. C. Lawson contractor,
architects s.ame, galvanized iron ventilators,
corrugatt'l iron, galvanized roof, tin gutters,
tower car's, asphaltum roofs, etc., for same;
; $;000.
and stepfather of George 8.. Walter P. and
Arthur E. Ehrenpfert, a native of New York,
aged 50 years 1 month and 26 days.
SCHMEHL-In this city. April 25. 1900, Jennie
Schmehl, beloved wife of Henry J. Schmehl.
and mother of James O. Masten, a native of
New York, aged 51 years 3 months and 22
days. (New York City papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the lodgeroom.
2131 Mission street, under the auspices ot
Mizpah Lodge No. 4, F. of F.. and Pocahontas
Council No. 3, Imp. O. R. M. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OFFICERS of the Supreme Lodge. Friends of
the Fcrest— You are hereby requested to meet
at Mission Opera Hall,. 2131 Mission street,
this day (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late Supreme Vice
President. Mrs. Jennie Schmehl. By order of
¦ MRS. I. F. RAYMOND, Supreme Pres.
LENA SCHOLTER, Supreme Secretary.
SIEBKE— In this city. April 26. 19C0. Freder-
ick, dearly beloved husband of Katie-Siebke.
father of Alfred and Clara Siebke. brother of
Mrs. Anna Hanyn. son-in-law of Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Dittmar, and brother-in-law of.
Herman Dittmar, a native of Meldorf. Schles-
wlg-Holsteln, Germany, aged 30 years 3
months and 1 day.
(C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Union-square
Hall. 421 Post street, where services will be
held under the ausrlces of Germania Club,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street.
SOUTHERN— In this city, April 27. 1900. Jen-
- nle S.. - beloved wife of Fred J. Southern,
daughter of P. and the late Sarah Laughran.
and sister of May. John. Thomas. William
and Joseph I^aughran, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years.
E7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(SundayS at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services at
2:30 o'clock.
SPAULDING-In this city, April 25, 1900, Jer-
ome, beloved husband of Celestla Spaulding,
and brother of N.?W.j Charles, Marcellus and
Madison Spauldlng. a native of North Anson,
Me., aged 63 years 4 months and 13 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Washington and Twelfth
streets, Oakland, under the auspices of Mis-
sion Lodge No. 16?, F. and A. M. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Remains at the
funeral rarlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mis-
sion street. San Francisco, until 10:30 a. m.
Sunday.
STEVENS— In this city, April 23. 1900, Francis
Marion, beloved husband of Marion S. Stev-
ens, and father of Mrs. I. J. Harmon. Mrs.
J. K. Parker. H. C. Stevens and Dr. W. E.
Stevens, a native ot South Paris, Me., aged
6S years 2 months and 5 days.
CyFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 3110
Clay street, near Baker. Interment private.
VAN HOUSEN— In Berkeley. April 26. 1900.
Belle L.,' beloved daughter of William and
Mary Van Housen. and sister of Marion and
Anlce Van Housen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years 1 month and 10 days.
[TTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from St. Mark's
Episcopal Church, Berkeley. Interment pri-
vate.
MARRIED.
GAM— JONG— In this city, April 26, 1900. by the
Rev. J. J. Sitton, Rev. Gam Sing Quah and
Jong Yock Seen. ; *
___ DIED ' —
Beamish, Richard • McGrath. Mrs. E.
Blgelow. Dorcas F. McLean. Malcolm
Boje, Mrs. Marie Mead. Charles F.
Born, Louise Michaels. Julias
* Brune, Gustave Nolan. James F.
Bunyan, Michael . O'Brien. Catherine
Corrlgan. Michael Prldeaux. John S.
Danton. Roy. B. Roser. Albert L.
Gisln, John F. Siebke. Frederick
Hallldie. Andrew E. Southern. Jennie J.
Harvey, Sarah E. Spauldlng. Jerome
Hayden. Kate Schmehl. Jennie
Knus. Henry A. Stevens. Francis M.
Lynch. Catherine Van Housen, Belle L.
BEAMISH— In this city. April X, 1900. Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Prudence Beamish,
and father of Samuel F.. Stanley A. and Pru-
dence Beamish, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 56 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 614 Birch avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BIGELOW— In this city, April 27. 1900, Dorcas
F. Blgelow, mother of Mrs. L. M. Tuttle and
Mrs. I. H. Kittredge. a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 89 years 8 months and 1 day.
(Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2519 Bush street. Interment private.
BOJE— In this city, April 25, 1900, Mrs. Marie
Boje, beloved wife of the late George Boje,
sister of Mrs. Charles D. Evers, and aunt of
Mrs. Louis Huhs. a native of Germany, aged
69 years 1 month and 13 days.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr L. Huhs, 219 Webster street, between
Haight and Page. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BORN— In this city, April 27, 1900, Louise Born,
beloved mother of L. E. and Charles Born, a
native of Germany, aged 47 years.
BRUN.E— In this city, April 26.-1900. Gustave,
beloved brother *of Henry and Dr. A. E.
Brune, Mrs. C. A. Kern. Mrs. A. G. Hage-
dorn. Mrs. D. Pabst and Diedrick. Ernst,
Louis and Fritz Brune, a native of Germany,
aged 33 years 5 months and 2 days.
C 7" Funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Cremation at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BUNYAN— In this city. Aoril 26. 1900. Michael
Bunyan beloved brother of Thomas. Katie
and Peter Bunyan and Mrs. Maria Cronin,
and uncle of Julia. Norah and Mary Bunyan,
a naiive of the parish of O'Dorney, County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 43 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777
Misston s-treet.
CORRIGAN— V requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Michael Corrltan at St. Rose's Church
tMs day (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock. Friends |
jjr^ invited to attend. Interment will take
place this day (Saturday), rrom the vault
in Holy Cross Cemetery on arrival of 10:40
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets, San Francisco.
DANTON— In this city, April 27, 1900, Roy 8.,
beloved son of J. M. and Agnes Danton. a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resl-
denw. C 123 Sixteenth street, near Guerrero.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riase.
GISIN— In this city, April 26. 1900, John Fred-
erick beloved son of C. E. and Mrs. L. I.
Gisln (ne« Center), and. brother of Ernest
and George Gisln, a native of San Francisco,
a?ed 9 years 2 months and 25 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 342S Sixteenth street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HALLIDIE— In this city, April 24. 1900, Andrew
Smith Hatlidie, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 61 years 1 month and 8 days.
C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 1:50 o'clock, at the First Unitarian
Church corner of Geary and Franklin streets.
Rev Horatio Stebblns officiating. Interment
private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HARVEY — At the Presidio of San Francisco,
Cal., April 27, lftfO, Sarah E.% wife of Major
Philip F. Harvey, surgeon U. S. Army.
It?" Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the residence. In-
terment private.
HAYDEN— In this city, At>rll 25. 1900, Kate
Hayden, beloved mother of William and Lulu
Hayden. Mrs. James Finn and the late Mrs.
Lena Mercer, a native of Boston. Mas.-., aged
5S years. (Boston; Mass., papers please copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 9SO Jackson street, thence to St. Mary's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric car from
Etehteenth and Guerrero streets. Please
omit flowers.
KNUS— In this city, April !7, 1900. Henry Allan
Knus dearly beloved husband of WUhelmlna
Knus. loving father of Evelyn Knus, son of
Charles and Anna Knus. and brother of
Marie, Alvtna. Charlie, John and Otto Knus.
a native of Finland, aged 24 yeara and 1
month.
LYNCH— In this city. April 26. 1900. Catherine,
beloved wife of Michael Lynch, and step-
mothtr of Katie Lynch, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 60 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 416 Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
.celebraved for the repose of her soul, com-
"menclns at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McGRATH— In this city, April 25. 1900. Mrs.
Elizabeth McGrath, relict of Patrick Mc-
Grath. dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Charles
H. Kaiser. Mrs. John White. Mrs. Joseph
Relay. Mrs. Thomas Swanton and Ellen, Ag-
nes "Patrick. John and James McGrath. and
beloved sister-in-law of Lady Mary Arundel,
a native of Mount Gabriel, County Cork, Ire-
land.
|T_rFTlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fu'ly Invited to attend thJ funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 920 Jackson street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Intermnt Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
McLEAN— In San Quentln. Apiil 26. 1900, Mal-
colm McLean, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth McLean, and father of Charles H.,
Eliza J., James G. and Rosella F. McLean.
a native of Argyleshlre, Scotland, aged 70
years.
(T_rFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence San Quentln. Intfyment Mount Tam-
alpals Cemetery. San Rafael.
MEAD— In this city. April 27, 1900, Charles F..
beloved husband of Adelaide Meade, and
father of Lillian Mead, a native of Rahway,
N. J., nged 63 years 9 months and 8 days.
(Massachusetts and Minnesota papers please
copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances and Ladies of
the G. A. R-. and comrades of the Civil War
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors A. W» Martin <fe Co.. 118 Geary street.
Interment National Cemetery, Presidio Reser-
vation.
MICHAELS— In this city, April 27, 1900. Julius,
beloved husband of Sarah Michaels, father of
Consuela R. Michaels, and beloved son of
G. Michaels, and brother of Mrs. Abrams and
Ray and I^eo Michaels, a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 29 years 7 months and 12 days.
Ey'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from 629 Golden
Gate averrue. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
NOLAN— In Xovato, Marln County, April 25,
1900, James F., beloved son of the late James
and Sarah Nolan, and brother of Thomas.
John, Joseph and Maggie Nolan and the late
Mrs. Mary Glenn, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years and 5 months.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ihe parlors
of J C O'Conner & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth and
Howard streets, where a requiem hleh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. 1
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 27. 190<\ Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Thomas B. O'Brien, and
mother of James 1.. Matthew S.. Edward J.,
Antone and Katherine O'Prien and. Mrs. J. J.
Miller, a native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
C^Frlends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sun-
day) at 12:30 o'clock. . from her late rest- ¦
dence. 1611 A Sutter street, thence to, St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PRIDEAUX— In this city. April 26. 1900. John
S.. beloved husband of Rose Prldeaux. and
father of John H. and Frank W, Prideaux. a
native of Wisconsin, aged 60 years a months
and 15 day?. / • •
E7"FTit:nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 540»Natoma utreet. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
ROSER— In this city. April 26. 1900. Albert L.
Roeer, beloved husband of Agnes M. Roser,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannaganfe Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Filth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
-CRE/VVATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery 4 sscciai ion .
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
If deceased was a member OF ANY ORGAN-
IZATION havirg a presiding officer and secre-
tary. ths» charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service Is $50.
The same for members of his family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
haad column, and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide cf
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gi^es the
last tide of the day. except when there- are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heleht.
and then t»e number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
reference is the mean of the lower low wat*i>.
HOOMS AND BOARD.
A— HOTEL La Normar.die, 326 Eddy— Sunny
suites ai»d single rooms; everything new; ex-
cellent table and services; prices moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 2523 — Sunny parlors; also single
room: breakfast If desired; references.
LARGE sunny room, with first-class table. In a
quiet home on Van Ness aye..' for a couple:
$sf> a month: refined people; reference; a lew
other boarders taken. Box ISI9. Call.
NEW family hotel; first class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special-inducements to
select people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
JOHNSON House. 6C3 O'Farrell— Double and
single sunny rooms, with excellent board;
large grounds: references; reasonable.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms: superior board; $25 up.
BUSH. 1105—2 large elegantly furnished rooms;
2 persons in either. $55; 1. $35; billiards; piano.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and single rms.: sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
POWELL. 524-S2S (The Hedges)— Large sunny
rooms; marine view; excellent board: reas'ble.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: $20.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Union Oil Co. of California will remove
Its office May 1 to the Mills bldg., rooms
31 and 32. seventh floor.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 555/).
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, oold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STOKAGE AND WAKEHODBJB9.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post Ft., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van end. Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 535; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 28L
SUMMER I RESORTS.
CAMPING ground at Redwood Grove: 10 min-
utes' walk from Fairfax station, near San
Rafael; also furnished house of 7 rooms to 1
rent. Inquire of J. S. Bellrude, Sa.salito. or
J. E. SLINKEY & CO., SE. cor. Market 1
and Fifth sts.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
RABBITRY— Corner lot suitable for rabbltry.
$.'.50, will put up buildings, terms, owner;
$140) lot 50x150, north side San Antonio aye..
near Willow st.; $2000 will build a new house
of 5 rooms, lot 33xlfiO, between the railroads,
west of Park St.: $10f*. nice house. 4 rooms
and basement, large lot. J. 11. YOUNG,
1C43 Park st.
gtawo — 4 MODERN houses; 6 rooms; corner lot,
10>ix12.".; rent pays 1 per cent per month on
SU.OOO.
$5500— Fine NW. corner. 100x150. with modern
house of 10 rooms: great bargain.
Fifteen handsomely furnished houses for rent,
$25 to $75.
E. P. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
BARGAINS ON TERMS. "~
5, 6 and 7 room cottages; 7, S apd 9 room
houses: waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye.. near Fifth St.; double 1%-story
house rents for $24; price $22C0. Apply to A.
R. DENKE. Webster-st. station. ;
JSOO— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street: 3 blocks from
Ftatlon and school; terms $100 cash. $10 per ¦
month.
$1900 — New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc, com- 1
plete; near station and s:hool; 5100 cash, $20 |
per montb.
$1660 cash— To close an estate: worth $3000;
finest corner in Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house: 8 rooms and bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY KKAL ESTATE.
WE offer a centrally lr.cated boarding-house,
with furniture or without, at a bargain: also
a new modern dwelling In choice location for
$370<): another of S rooms for $3500, in Scenic
Park; all street work done.
0.. G- MAY & CO..
2123 Ceriter st.. Berkeley.
FINELY furnished house of 12 rooms to let; In
the very choicest part of Berkeley: references
required. MASON & McLENATHEN,
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
NEW- houses for rent; only 4 blocks from Uni-
versity grounds: all the latest Improvements.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FBROTSHBDIgIiATS.*->fi
|20 — FLAT; 7 rooms; complete for housekeep-
Ing; gas range. SIS E Fifteenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL-.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas, the
I furniture dealer. 11th nnd Franklin. Oakland.
I
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
wITTRAM^PROPELLER CO.. 228 Market St.,
Ean Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
cpon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March.
1900 the several amounts set opposite the
names cf the respective shareholders, aa fol-
lows:
'So. No. .
ICam* Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Spreckels.. 1 33,313 1-S $393 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 60
And in accordance with Jaw and an order of
the Board ot Directors made on the !th day of
March. 1&0 Q. so many shares of each parcel of
such as may be necessary 'will be sold at the
office of the company, 226 Market street, 3an
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April. 1900, at 3
p. m. of such day, to pay d?llnquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs ol adver-
tising and expenses of. the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 104 (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the cempany,
J27 Market St.. on and aftw- Tuesday. May 1,
1900. Transfer books will cl|se on Wednesday,
April 25. 1800, at 3 o-'clock p. m.
W. P. K. GIBSON. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
iATr^RANCISCOrCaIT Xprif^S, 1900.— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here,'
and at office of Quartermaster, until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Monday, May 2*, 1900. for furnishing,
during fiscal year commencing July 1, 19C0,
forage and straw for San Diego Barracks,
Cal.: also at same time, at this office only,
for forage and straw for Alcatraz Island,
Angel Island, Fort Baker. Benlcla Barracks,
Fort Mason. Presidio of San Francisco, and
San Francisco, Cal. Government reserVes
right to reject or accept any and all bids, or
any part thereof. Preference given to arti-
cles of American production, conditions of
price and quality (Including In the price of
• foreign productions th«» duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All Information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
San piego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing bids to be endorsed;
"Proposals for Forage and Straw," and ad-
dressed to said Quartermaster, or to J. M.
MARSHALL. C. Q. M.
MAKEIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage- Hc2nses have been Issued as follows:
James W. Downs, 27, city, and Anna M.
Reeves, 30, city.
Antone M. Johnsen, 22, city, and Martha M.
Lange, IS. city.
Alfred Olsen, 34, 422 Drumm street, and Julia
M. Olsen, 22, 2011 Dupont street.
Antorlo B. F. Mitchell. 23. SOS Kearny street,
and Anna C. Machada. 23. Rio Vista.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and lie-
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son* authorized to have the same published.
FORREST— In this city, April 16, 1300, to the
wife of Oliver Forrest, a dauchter. .¦
JAFFA— In Oakland, April 26, 1900. to the wife
of liver B. Jaffa, a daughter. :
MANDICH— In this city, April 16, 1500, to the
wife cf MM"* Mandlch. a son.
THAL— In this city. April 23, 1500, to the wife
of Fred Thai, a daughter. •
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morninsr Session.
100 Caledonia 1 soj 3no Ophir «0
ICO Caledonia 1 «0l 200 Ophir 58
2«0 Chollar 2» 200 Potosl X
200 Chollar 8! 130 Sierra Nevada., to
200 Crown Point.... 131-
Afternoon Session.
150 Con Cal & Va..l .".! 100 Silver Hill 1«
200 Crown Point... 12S 700 Silver Hill IS
r.OO GouM & Curry. -« »*> I'tah 11
.100 Overman 2li 100 Yellow Jacket.. 24
200 Potosl .....«..-. 24i ...
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. April 27—4 p. m.
Alpha 03 04|Justice 02 03
Alta 02 04!Kentuck — 02
Andes 08 10 i Lady Washgton — «W>
Belcher 1"> 1* Mexican 23 30
Best & Belcher. 19 20 Occidental OS n>
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 59 60
Caledonia ISOI 65 Overman 2.3 24
Chollar r. 24|Potosl 24 2.'.
Challenge Con.. IS 17 Savage C 6 u7
Confidence ?3 00 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 55 160 Seg Belcher .... W 03
Con Imperial... — Cl Sierra Nevada.. 40 41
Ccn New York.. — 04 Silver Hill II 17
Crown Point 12 13 St I^iuis — 12
Eureka Con — CO Standard 3603 65
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — 06
Gould St Curry. 23 2-' I'nion Con 23 r»
Halo & Norc... 32 3Ti Utah f) 11
Julia — 031 Yellow Jacket.. 23 25
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times - 'and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the heisht of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. APRIL 28.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides 'are siren la the left
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A PIANO in good condition $45
Fine upright r'-ano «a bargain) $143
Upr'.°r!;t piano <s'.ightly used) $IC7
Uj-rurht piano, walnut (nearly new) $l£7
Fhw-t muscle, srrall musical instruments. S
r. MUSIC CO.. 22. Sutter st.
FEVHRAL bargains In second-hand upright
rinnvs this week: -Steinway. Weber and
otherts frcm $123 up. Room 12. Flood bldg.
WILL sell for storage, upright, $50; Thos. Ball
•pißr.«. CO; A. ». Chase, Steinway and
cthfTs. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
FlN_f Steinway upright for sale; leaving city. '
_l_j WrbstT st.. corner Sutter.
A "/i:w fisys only— New pianos. $2 50 per mo.
PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
QnOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMIT^ 16
. McAllister et.. next Hibernla Bank.
-TINE Fischer and Steinway upright; sacrificed.
' KEEFFES. 5C19 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
W\ G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Eicon anfi Hallett Sc Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
ONH mo. free; nice store with living rooms; $10
?or « mes : worth $25. SPECK & CO.
LARGE store, corner Seventh and Natoma;
us»g 30 yrt. as grocery ar.d saloon; reasonable.
VALENCIA. 9?3. near Twenty-first— Large ele^
gar.t ttore: rear rooms; large basement.
FOR rent— Elegant offices in T. M. G A.
bulM'.r.c. Mason and Ell'.s sts.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaa-rd. Pres. St. Germain College of
Pa.rr.lstr? •; reads Ito 8. €16 Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
K. T. X.— WILL meet you at my office 2 p. ra.
W-dRy (Saturday); willing to compensate lib-
erally lor valuable Information; meeting to be
confidential.
LADIES" and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold, gllverman. 954 Folsom: tel. Fclsom 1191.
INFORMATION wanted concerning WILLIAM
THOMAS or ANDY EOWHEN. natives of
Klltubrlde, County Leitrim. Ireland. If liv-
ing please address CHARLES 11. GILLOOLY,
Carolina, Ehode Island, box 127.
BTTTS en easy installments rrom imported cr
domestic remr.ants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
£53 Kcaray et.. bet. Sacramento & California.
DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, removed to SSS Howard
et.. cor. Sixth. Orlando House.
FREE— A bottle of hair tonic to each customer
calling at ray hair dressing and manicuring
l^&rlors. 112 ar.d 113. S?7 Market; cpen eves.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 257 Jessie st.
»5 PHOTOS for $F per dczrn at FOWZ£R'S,
114? Market ft.. r.»ar» Taylor.
MISS SHELDON, chircpodist and business ad-
vice. Siy Market. Rt.. second floor, room 37.
LtTDERERS Qulntonica Hair Tonic makes the
hair look 60 fine and glossy; nothing else will;
£5c bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
A— l GUARANTEE to permanently remove the
rncut stubborn growth cf superfluous hair by
electrolysis; call and Investigate my treatment
that enlarges and fully develops the bust and
neck; free treatment this week. MISS ISA-
DOKE BARRETT. 1207 Market, op. City HalL
CNLY $4 for fine 24-inch switches this week.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo Sc pkg. ; neat par-
lors: finest haidressir.g in town. 2Sc only:
manicuring. 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
AN el*-car.t suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
CURLED cr waved hair can be quickly obtained
by using Talcotfs Curling Fluid: 25c bottle.
CAST-OFF clothing, nid gold and silver bought;
send pcatal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: l? 0 rooms;
2&c to $1 M per r.ipht: $1 50 to $S per week;
fre« 'bus and bagpag* to and from the ferry.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 260S Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner 3251.
fTAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN'.'A.M.. Ph.D.. 1215 Linden St.. Oakland.
IF ycu wish full value fcr your cast-off cloth-
Jr.g ca.ll on B. Cchen., r.7 Third; tel. Black 4123.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 1"9 Sar^^me st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
TVE loan kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
svjdio 11 Geary st.. ground floor.
FHVSICiAAS AND MUGEO.VS.
DR C. C. O" DONNELL— Office and residence.
'/v.'-t M— rK'-t St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
r.R. STYAVS Rheumatism Cure, $1; frse to
pocr every Wednesday. 8S Geary st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
C 4 Market Street.
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. May 34. ISOO.
At 13 O'clock Nocn.
At Our Sa>*rootn. £-4 Market st.
Foreclosed Properties by Order of the Bank.
2 cottages of S rocrr.s and bath each; Nos.
f>?.-s2IL 213 6th are., west side, between Cali-
fornia and Clement sts.: each lot 2?xl20; to be
Mid is a whole or separately; cars pass the
doer.
Let en southeast line of Prrter aye., 200 feet
ixortheast of Nagiee aye.; 40x123 feet.
Clarer.dcn Heights. lets No. 3. No. 4, No. 5,
¦west ride cf S:*nyan ft., between Belgrave and
Clarendon %ver.; lot No. 3 is 2; i *xlloxll6 ft :
lot No. 4 ie 2i»»_iat_.lS ft.; lot No. 6 is 2S\x
11Jx122 ft.
Harrison sf.. Irt 73x124:3 ft.: easterly line of
itflarriEcn St.. M ft. t=outh of 15th it.
Lot ««. Gift Map No. 3. east side of Cberu-
busco st.. b*twe<^n Essj^ralia aye. aad Cc-so
aye.. 2Lx7O ft.; lot 1042. Gift Map No. 3, east
>r!4e ff Prentfss st., b^tw^en Powhattan Ft. and
¦California aye.. 2;*70 rt.
Building lot en Jersey st.. corth side. 25 ft.
east at Church St.; 25x114 ft,
Lars?* lot on 2!st St.. pouth side. 155 ft. east of
JCoe St.; t.r.t view; li0xl!4 ft.
Lot <-n southeast ccmer c? SSd and Diamond
rts.; 2ixlW ft.; ready to build en.
Bj'.ldiTig lot on Ashbury Heights, on south
fide of Frederick Ft.. lU€:3 ft. west cf Ashbury;
fine view cf the park and city; 25x1(2 ft.
L^t m north side of 27, th «., 16" ft. east cf
Diamond St.; well located; S'.'xlH ft.
Sur.r.y comer lot on northeast corner of San-
chez and Elizabeth ets.. 20x?2 ft.
Lot ra s^uth side of ZZOx et.. 80 ft. east of
Tcuntain St.; £5x120 it.
TERMS— Th» above property is to be sold for
one-quarter cafh. the balance in cne, two and
thrt* years. Interest Fix per cent.
3 flats cf «, 5. S rooms and r.ath: Ncs. 1307.
1209. 12U Eddy rt.; rents $44 p»r month; also
«~»-,Ttage fronting on Laurel «v». of 4 rooms and
bath; rents 110 per mor.th: 25x129 ft.
* Cats cf 4. 5 rooms «n3 hath each: N r s. 1 to
R <~ohen place, off Ellis St.. hot. L»*.venworth
£"d Hyde; rt-nts $122 per month; lot SJx56 ft.
COVEE. TOY & SONNTAG,
624 Market «t.
Heal, estattt for sale by ~~
thos. magee & son 3.
6' Montgomery it.
Fine corner Investment on Putter st.: 1374
feet front on Suttrr et. by *7 l i feet deep: with
t ,_¦ ; 2-story houses bringing in $217 M a
month. With an expenditure of Him this place
•would pay « high rate on amount Invested.
Price only $23,500.
A northeast «-orner on Turk st., vacant. Sl*i
ty 12 / >. fcr V£M: or will s«»H corner 26»j by 12')
for feW and Inside 25 by 120 fcr $3jo / >.
Two-story house on the north s!4e of Golden
Oate aye., h»tw<*n Franklin Hnd Gough sts.;
lot 27' i by 12^». Price Just reduced to $77 r yV>.
Northwest comer of Point Lobos aye. and
Wood Ft : 2i>*« by «» 2-2: o»-n»r very anxious to
**!! and will tell for amount of mortgage and
interest.
TO be sold Immediately within 3 days; call at
o'.tlr* for parti'-ulars: a nice home; 2-story
rr-fid'nee: 7 rooms and bathroom: on account
of departure for Cape Nome; lot 25x125: a
prfst bargain-. 2 parties stand ready to rent
th* bouae *t CO per month: can arrange for
easy payment*. W J GUNN.
".30 California st.
BARGAIN — For sale, fine- sunny residence. 11
room*, bath, attic and basement; modern;
perfect ordVr; grand view; large lot 80x114:
electric «-ars; might exchange In part for
err_ller house or good lot. Address D. J.
MI"RPHT. US Callfcrnia et..' rooms 30 and 21.
PARK residet-re: new house of 6 rooms and
bath on Beulah rt., near Cole; modern Im-
provements: street work all done; price S3SOO.
Xnoly on premises.
PAnGAIN— Cost $10.on0: win sell f€riO: elegant
houH» S rooms and bath: garden. Apply 1 to 4,
M 0 Page Ft., between Pierce and Scott.
wu L «wll or rent li-room house: nioc-ly fur-
ris'bed A, B. Smith Furniture Co.. 12S El-
__|£__^____l__
1-aVE voii real estate in the Missicn or Hor-
rei'» Addition that yon wish to dlspoa* of
",„ call on W. J. CUXK. £30 California «t-
tl «f<(_4 4-rocm cottases; pantry, hot and
cold water: easy terms. 1222 Rhode IsUnd st.
Fnir~EaTe— Factory. 19."W> *««t land; eldetrack p
2£M. Bex iiO7. Cail olflce.
Shipping Intelligence.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F L Kiel. NoEales
W C Ellison. Mo
P C Black. Oakland
O H J Schlott. Cal
F Simons Oakland
J X Lewis. San Jnss
A F St Sure, Alameda
L R Foster. Eureka
J W Opp Montana
G C O'Neall. Joplin
C W Hamilton. M<>
Miss M Storeman. Cal
iMl^s X L Williama.NY
J MclntOPh. Toronto
C M I>> Graff ft w. Mo
0 De Graff A- w. Mo
W Grosche. Baltimore
J Goldman. Merced
L H Jewel!. I>enver
H McFaddt-n. S Miguel
G G Leslie. Sta Barbar
F Cautna, Cambria
D W Lewis. Saneer
Dr D W Kdelman. Cat
H C Llrhtenberger. Cal
W J V&riel, Los An:
F V Palomarie. L An?
B A Plant. Sta Cruz
C D Galoni, Sacto
PALACE
W J Martin, S Rafael
F H Green. S Rafael
II Eaton. Stanford
1 L Bartlett & w. Mo
W Hardy. Mexico
H C Wilkensay. P I
J Leary A w, Seattle
A S Graves. England
J A Kandell. N V
F O Carmack.St Louis
H C Smith. Mexico
E W Geldey & w, Jap
Mrs G W Fr-tske. Term
Miss Tyler. Term
Mrs J P Matlock.
Boston
P B Divvey. N T
Mrs J Mansfield. Cal
J W Leonard & w, NY
Theo Riehl. N V
Miss B Aldrace. SLake
F E Beane, N V
F S Hosklns & w, O
E A treble, «_al
M Warner. Sta Cruz
W Stover. Denver
W Martin. Denver
Mi"=s M Carr. Saoto
Mrs Lins.vm. Sta Cruz
C W Stultz. N V
A M Aiken. N T
F E Farson. N V
T Howard. St Paul
Mies Howard, St Paul
Mr & Mrs Higstlns. Pal
P B B"keart & w. CM
W A Hawter. G r Vail
H A Sherrill. Denver
B J Phillies. Cal
J II Ree<l. Sacto
O Pinkey, Willows
W X De Jarnett. Colo
F Mattlson. Sta Cruz
Dr W R Linscott, Cal
R H Pringle. Sta Cruz
G R Radrliff. Watsnvl
W D Wasner. S BernJ
W J Plumb Redwood
C D Havward. Cal
Ft X Brown. Oregon
T J Hall. Slsson
Mis* M Haskell. Redng
HOTEL.
W II Dudley. N T
O H Osenkop Jr, N' V
S E Walllck. Conn
;> a 'uojudqojr ss;i^
E O Cross. Orovllle
G Crowley. Chicago
Dr G S yon We.lel
steadt. San Mateo
G W Armsby & w,
Pan Mateo
J W Knox, Merced
R X Sherman. Sacto
Mrs Havens. Oakland
Li Deerssen. Sacto
E C Voorhees.Sutter Cr
W H Clarke, Omaha
S C r.ett» & w. Chic
T Riehl Jr. N V
C H Jones. Tacoma
J Reazy. Peaceful Val
H W Higglns & w.NT
A P Kavanagh, U S X
NEW WESTERN HOTEI
E J Howard. Wallace
A P Brown. Vallejo
C Wilson. Willows.
L R Tull. Napa
A Mason & wf, Los Ar
M Mason. Los An
M S Mcsquite & wf. Sat
P Walsh. Stockton
O D Wii!iam«. Chicusro
O Holmes, Maryrville
R Baxter. Chicago
J C Scott. Antloch
L Barrymore, Mare Is,
S II Donnell. Colo
J L Maloney. Sulsun
H Dick3on. Petaluma
C Watson. Modesto
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THE SAN* FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900.
M
13
Steamer. I Destir.atio:
Satis.
u 1 P»er.
Columbia ..(Portland...
Peru I Panama
Albion Cap« Nom^.
.'[Arr.
..Apr.
.(Apr.
. JS. t
. 28. I
tOatn'Pltr II
12 m:PMS9
\2 m'Pler 5
V
I
2
tTooulUe Rv. Grays Hart
i pm ........
i. equine n> ursjs im>>
Bonlta .Newport....
Pomona [Humboldt..
Samoa iHumboldt..
Portland ...[Cap* Nome.
Pt. Arena. -jPotnt Arer.i
Xewburg: .. .(Grays Hart
f<anta Kosa San Dieco..
Manauense iKahalui —
.iApr.
.(Apr.
.'Apr.
..Apr.
.'Apr.
r'Apr.
. i.Mav
;May
. '2*. '¦
. ». :
. »>. l'
•- 3ft.
\ 30. :
• 30,
; ». 1
t l. 1
v anvPler 11
»pm;Pler 3
I" am; Pier V
2 pm ! Pier K
2pn»:Pier 5
5 pmj
M am Pier 11
12 mtPterX
1
3
3
:4
3
i
ji
!\f»u>
Qu»»n \\:c & r&l :
S.!.
Australia ..Honolulu...
.'May
2 pmiP'.er 1
w .".•
!<• m P!»-V
Arcata ICoos Bay..
Coos Bay... (Newport...
v: m;fier i
9 am!P1<»r 11
rtyof Rio "J:rhina*Jap
1 pm PMS3
11 am T>t«-r ?4
State of Cal Portland...
x- *w *_- .-I.- tr.- ~.». . .1 *
North ForkiHumboidt..
Xhyra Onina& Jap
..!May
n'May
11 amPi^r II
Corona i?an D'.epo.
Steamer. |
From.
Du-.
X'Tburg
.Grays Harbor
"|Apr. I?
Mattea«an
Valencia
Curacao
¦Wellington
City of Puebta.
.'Oyster Harbor
.[Mexico
.tOvster Harbor
.(Victoria & Puget Sound
.|Apr. Zi
.(Apr.
.!Apr. 19
i Apr. n
Aloha
State of Cal
Octarta !
Arcata
TUanta
San Bias
Empire
¦ iCrescent City
.1 Portland
.'Hamburg
..Coos Bay
.iXanaimo
.'Panama
.Coos Bay
.|Apr. Ti
.iApr. ¦»>
.lApr. ?:>
.lApr. *>
JApr. *>
.iApr. »
.;Apr. 19
CIIiJJJIC
North Forte
Coo« Bay
Walla Wa11a....
Acapulco
Thyra
. i Humbol at
. i Newport
.IVtctoria & Puget Sound
.'Panama
JChtn.i and Japan
. May i
.iMay I
i May !
.May 2
. I May 1
Mackinaw
Willamette
Pomona
. ! S*attle
.Seattle
. ; Huir.br.ldt
. May z
.jMay 5
.May 2
. I May T.
Corona
.iSan Diego
Crescent City...
Pmirreso
Point Arena
.'Crescent City
. .Tacoma
.'Point Arena
TlTiimhnirtt
JMay 3
.!May 3
. May 4
. M»v 4
Samoa
.^.i:.i'-;t ..........
Coptic
Alameda
.'China an«i Japan
.'Sydney
. ' May *
.May t
May S
Columbia
Bonita
. i Newport
.May 5
Mm rises a:r
Sun sets 6:5
Moon rl.«es (new) *...4:3!) a. m
2 Time Time' ITlm'eJ Time'
g. Ft. Pt. 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
? L W H W L. W| H W
W ...I 4:32 -fI.4J 11:24 5.0 4:JO J.SI »:40. ».:
» ... 6:21 —0.7 12:19 4.9 S:O3 2.C 11:20 «.:
JO ...! 6:10— «.s! 1:14 4.? 5:47 2.91
jH W It. VT H W L W
1 ... 0:00 6.0 7:00—0.7 2:10 4.7 «:» 3
2 ... 0:44 5.7 7:50i— 0.S S:0« 4.6 7:27 3.:
3.... 1:32 5.4 8:42—0.2 4:03 4.5 8:33 3.'
4... 2:251 5.1 9:35 0.2 4:58 4.6 9:57 3.Battle of Bunker Hill.
Committees have been appointed by the
Bunker Hill Association and by the Sons
of Vermont to take charge of the arrange
ments for the celebration of the anniver
sary of the battle of Bunker Hill. The
annual excursion of the Bunker Hill Asso
ciation will take place on June 16. The
association intends to secure the grounds
at Glenwood, in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains, and the Society of California Pio
neers and the Sons of the American Revo
lution will be invited to unite with the
society in the celebration of the day.
For more than fifty years the : famous Jessa
Moore whiskey has been: the standard brand of
the world. " - ¦ •- ¦ • . •
Sacrifice Sale To-Day.
Marks Bros., 1212-1214 Market street All
our 25c wash veils 15c. •
All Property Liable for Taxes.
Assessor Dodge has just unearthed an
old law which provides that when delin
quent taxes are In excess of the value
of the property taxed th*>y shall become
a Hen on any other property owned by
the delinquent taxpayer. Heretofore it
has been thought that the delinquency
was only -chargeable against the specific
piece of property taxed and therefore the
full amount of the taxes due could not
bo collected by the city.
CAPE NOME
TRAHSPOBTATION COMPANIES.
thTalaska Expliraiii
Will Dispatch From
SAX FRANCISCO Direct for I
NOME
The "Well-Known ALASKA FL.YEB.
S. S. HUMBOLDT,
failing WEDNESDAY --May 3D.
ELEGANT *S. S. ZEALANDIA
.•''.; (3000 tons burden).
First sailing' (capacity engaged) May 21st
Second sailing (approx.) June 2ith
S. S.MORNINC STMR.
Sailing (capacity engaged). May Hth.
Through service for Dawson and all Yukon
River i>oint4. •
For passage ami freight rates apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
General Offices, 139 POST STREET.
SANTA FE TO ARRANGE
LOS ANGELES SERVICE
Collis P. Huntlngton, president of the
Southern Pacific Company, and his
nephew, H. E. Huntington. left yesterday
on a tour of Inspection of the South Coast
Division. They will spend Sunday at Del
Monte.
General Manager J. A. Flllmore of the
Pacific Coast division has gone to Santa
Barbara to confer with President Rlpley
of the Santa Fe Company in regard to a
schedule for Santa Fe -trains to Los Ange
les by way of Mojave. The Santa Fe
Company contemplates running freight
and passenger trains that way. The con
ference between President Ripley and Mr.
Flllmore will determine the schedule.
General . Manager Dickinson of the
Union Pacific and General Manager Gar
diner and Vice President McCollough of
the Chicago and Northwestern left for the
East last night, via Los Angeles, having
finished their conference with the offi
cials of the Southern Pacific Company In
regard to the summer schedule of over
land trains. Durinc their stay here they
were splendidly entertained by local rail
road officials.: . . ¦ ¦.
Sacrifice Sale at Mark Bros. To-Day.
Ladies' sleeveless vests, pink or blue,
regular 25c, at 12V£c. 1212-1214 Market St.*
porarily insane. He had no business
troubles whatever, and his domestic re
lations were happy. I remember now that
as he went out of the door he complained
that his health was bad, but. he never
seemed to suffer."- - .
"Julius must have gone suddenly
crazy," said N. Franklin, another of the
dead man's brothers-in-law. "He had no
trouble that I know of. If he- had had
financial difficulties my father would have
let him have all the money he wanted.
He had no worry on that account. I took
lunch with him at 1:30 o'clock and he
seemed happy. No,- we never, had any
quarrel, nor did he have ;one with any
other member of . the family. He com
plained some of bad health, but, l never
thought he was very sick. He carried a
pistol for I heard him say the other night
that he. was prepared for any footpad he
would meet. . - ¦ ..
When asked about Michaels' relatives
Franklin said he had never met- any of
them. He believed Michaels had' a sister
in this' city; but" did not know her 'name
nor where she lived. " • ¦>¦:> -.*¦•
Michaels had resided with his! wife and
little girl at -Mrs: Leet's. boarding-house,
519 Van Ness. avenue, for five years. The
landlady's .daughter • said she believed
Michaels must have become suddenly in
sane. He always seemed in good spirits.
The young lady said she knew Michaels'
sister and that she worked in a cloak
house. She refused at first to give the
sister's name, saying "Mrs. Michaels
would not like it," but finally stated that
It was Ray Michaels, but she denied
knowing where the sister lived. ¦ \
Deceased was 29 . years of age and for
sixteen years had been foreman of the
furnishing goods house of his father-in
law at 25 and 27 Battery street. . Three
months ago Mr. Franklin retired and
Michaels formed the partnership with
Shlrek. . ,
JULIUS MICHAELS, senior member
of the firm of Michaels & Shlrek.
manufacturers of shirt waists and
ladles' wrappers at 108 Battery
street, committed suicide yesterday after
noon by shooting himself through the
head with a 38-callber revolver. The mo
tive for the deed is shrowded in mystery,
Michaels' relatives and friends claiming
that they can assign no cause for his
act beyond that of momentary insanity.
Michaels had complained some of ill
health, but his relatives say they do-not
believe he was suffering enough to cause
him to end his life.
The tragedy occurred at 3 o'clock at the
head of the stairway at 119 Pine street
leading to the establishment of the Globe
Glove Company, of:which'N. D. Newman
and H. Franklin, brothers-in-law ' of
Michaels, are the" proprietors. Michaels
did not die at once. He was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital in a 'patrol
wagon and lingered until 4 ;30 o'clock,
when he died. The Coroner allowed the
body to be taken to Halsted's undertak
ing parlors. . .
"He dropped In about 2 o'clock, as he
often did," said Mr. Newman last night
in speaking of the tragedy, "and talked
for a time on various subjects. He
seemed in good enough spirits. He had
hardly closed the door after leaving me
when I heard a noise that sounded like a
box failing. The boy In the store said it
was a shot. I opened the door and there
lay Michaels on the landing at the head
of the stairs. His pistol was iying on the
floor at one side of him and the holster in
which he had carried It on the other. We
had not quarreled. '
"I can't tell you why he committed sui
ncide. I think he must have been ter-
Forged Advertising Contracts.
William C. Boyna, whose name figures
MORE REVENUE FRAUDS
UNEARTHED BY THOMAS
Thouand Pounds of Overweight To
bacco Seized From Various
Dealers in This City.
Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas has
seized 1000 pounds of plug cut tobacco In
one ounce packages from various dealers
in this city on the ground that the manu
facturers. Sparger Brothers Company of
Mount Airy. N. C, were defrauding the
revenue department by affixing "one
ounce" revenue stamps to packages
weighing one and an eighth ounces.
The case has been reported to the Sec
retary of the Treasury and an examina
tion of the offending factory will be made
for the purpose of ascertaining how many
of the overweight packages have been put
upon the market. The penalty for de
frauding the Government Is the confisca
tion of the whole factory and stock, but
it is usual to -impose a fine equal to three
times the value of the delinquent revenue.
Revenue officials are also engaged In
examining into the affairs of the tobacco
factory of Wcisort Brothers In St. Louis,
with the view of determining the extent
ml overweight frauds, several thousand
pounds of their tobacco having been
seized in this city by Agent Thomas for
having been insufficiently stamped.
POLICE STILL SEARCH
FOR SECRETARY KING
Affairs of the Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle Works Are Left in a
Serious Muddle.
The police art still looking for Charles
L. King, the missing secretary of the Pa
cific Vinegar and Pickle Works. His
whereabouts is still a mystery and puzzles
the officers detailed on the case.
The work of straightening out the miss
ing secretary's accounts goes steadily on
and huge discrepancies are unearthed aa
the labor progresses.
Mr. Koster, the vice president of the
concern, Bays that he had no knowledge
of King's connection with the California
Packing Company until recently. The af
fairs of the Vinegar and Pickle Company
have been left In a muddle since the re
cent sensation was sprung by The Call,
and it will take some time to straighten
them out. •
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
Is the type of. the modern woman at her
healthiest and best. She walks with an
easy grace. She is a picture of perfect
¦womanhood in the springtime of life.
But generally the golf dub is laid aside
with marriage. A physical languor op-
presses the once
athletic girl. Ex-
ercise makes her
back ache. She
tires easily. Usually
she accepts this con-
dition as a natural
thing, but it is un-
natural. Marriage
should add to wom-
an's happiness, rath-
er than subtract
from it. If women
understood how in-
timately the general
health is related to
the local health of
the womanly organs,
they would appreci-
ate the fact that
there is no need to
suffer from weak-
ness and backache.
The use of Doctor
Pierces Favorite
Prescription makes
•weak women strong,
sick women well.
It regulates the per-
iods, heals inflam-
mation and ulcera-
tion, cures female
weakness, and puts
the body iv a condition of sound health.
Mrs. H. A. Alsbrook. of Austin, Lonoke Co.,
Ark., writes: "After five months of great suf-
fering with fesiale weakness I write for the
benefit of other sufferers front the same, afflic-
tion. I doctored with our family physician with-
out «ay food results, so ray husband urped m«
to try Dr. Pierces medicines — which I did, with
wonderful results. I am completely cured. I
took four bottles of I>r. Hercc's Favorite Pre-
scription, four of his 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery 1 and two vials of his • Pleasant Pellets.* "
Dr. Herce's Pleasant Pellets cure coa-
fclipation and its consequences.
The Iroquois Club.
The Iroquols Club held a meeting last
night. The braves again brought up the
subject of club primaries for tho election
cf delegates to th«* Dc-morratlc State Con
vention. The sentiment in favor of giving
the voters a voice in the selection of the
San FranciFco delegation was almost
unanimous.
Recovered From the Bay.
The body of an unknown man was
picked up by the steamer Hope frorri~ur7
der the Pacific-street wharf yesterday. It
had evidently been in the water about
four dayp. The coat and hat of the
drowned man were missing. He wore
blue overalls, was apparently TiO years of
age. r, foot !< inches In height, smooth
Fhavon. sandy complexion, gray hair and
a portion nf the little finger on the left
hand was missing.
Lots ot people never cast their bread
upon the waters unless there is a reporter
around to make a note of It.
Great sacrifice sale to-day ot laces and
embroideries at Marks Bros.'. 1212-1214
Market street. •
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
MICHAELS' SUICIDE
Young Business Man Shoots Himself
and Relatives Say He Must
Have Been Insane.
LONE FOOTPAD
SCARE TAKES
HOLD OF CITY
Suspicious Cases Which Are
Not Believed by the
Police.
Uncle of Alexander Bodgers Laughs
at His Nephew's Hold-Up Story
and Miss Babcock's Tale
Discredited.
?
The police may come and the police may
go, but the young, unknown and gallant
footpad goes on forever. There are some
who wink both eyes and say he is non
est, but there are others who believe him
to be a legitimate human being with a
past and grave possibilities of a bar lined
future.
Miss A. B. Babcock of 24 Page street,
who walked In nonchalant fashion into
the office of the Chief of Police Thursday
afternoon, and quietly told her story of
a hold-up by the modern Claude Duval, is
discredited by police authority, but believ
ed by all others to whom she has told
her story.
Dan Sullivan, the bookkeeper of Chief
"Warrant Clerk Perry, who Is an intimate
acquaintance of the woman, says that the
story as told by her is correct not only
in the composite, but as to detail.
Miss Babcock's landlady, who was at
first positive that the young woman said
she was waylaid Tuesday night, now ad
mits that she might have been mistaken
as. to the day. Miss Babcock herself
still clings to the story she told the police.
The discrepancies have all been explained
away to the satisfaction of her friends,
but not to the police.
The young lady left her lodgings early
yesterday morning and has not been
heard of since by her landlady or the
police officers who tried to locate her last
night. Miss Babcock's trunk Is still In
the house.
Alexander Rodgers, the young man who
walked into the Receiving Hospital Tues
day night with * punctured shoulder,
claiming to have had a hot encounter
with the lone. highwayman as he was es
corting a lady home, is now under a
cloud of doubt and suspicion. It is said
that his uncle. Henry Gailleaud. denies
the story of the nephew, declaring that
the wound was probably received In a
shooting scrape In a downtown restau
rant. Gailleaud, who lives at 916 Pine
street, would not be Interviewed last
night, and Rodgers was not in his usual
haunts.
In the City Directory as a "Journalist."
was locked up yesterday in the California^
street police station on a charge of for-
gery- Boyns is accused of having forged
the name of Henry C. Druger of 308 Cali-
fornia street to an advertising- contract
with the Deutsche Vereln Zeitungr. - i
Complaint was made to the police that
Boyns brought to the Zeltung a dozen ad-
vertising contracts and collected commis-
sions on them, and that the contracts
were found to be forged.
Official stenographers use our N. Y. No. 1 Re-
porters' Note Book. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. •
Sacrifice Sale To-Day.
Marks Bros., 1212-1214 Market street, 50c
ladies' vests, silk finish, 21c. ?
BOLD BURGLAR
IS SHOT AT BY
A BRAVE WOMAN
Robber Surprised While at
Work by a Guest in
the House.
Makes a Dash for the Street and
Gets Away, Apparently Un
scathed by the Bullet Sent
After Him.
*
A bold burglar made an attempt to rob
the residence of Harry Hutt. 3026 Sacra
mento street, early last night, but was
frightened away by the quick action of
Mrs. Hutt and Mrs. Emily Martell, her
guest.
Mrs. Hutt seized a revolver and fired at
the fleeing burglar which action caused
him to run the faster.
At. about S o'clock last night Mrs.
Martell, who is stopping for a few days
with Mrs. Hutt, heard a noise in the din-
Ing room, and when a few seconds later
the noise was repeated she started to in
vestigate. As Mrs. Martell reached in
the dark for the door of the dining room
Fhe was more than surprised to put her
hand on a man's face. She grabbed at
the figure and screamed to Mrs. Hutt
that a robber was in the house.
The would-be burglar took to his heels
and ran down the stairs to the street.
Just as he was disappearing Mrs. Hutt
came from her room, pistol in hand, and
lired a shot in the direction of the bur
glar. In a few moments a crowd, attract
ed by the ehot. gathered in front of the
house, but before any one thought of
chasing the object of Mrs. Hutt's pistol
practice the man was out of sight.
It is barely possible that the brave
woman may have hit the burglar. Mrs.
Hutt said last night that the burglar
evidently seeing that there was no light
in the house except In the kitchen, took
a desperate chance to rob the premises,
hoping the occupants would remain in the
kitchen long enough to allow him to com
plete his work.
Mrs. Martell in speaking of the affair
said that the man wore no mask and his
hat was well back on his head. On ac
munt of the room being dark she could
not clearly distinguish th<* man's features
and was consequently unable to give a
good description of him.
"The man was evidently more surprised
than I, and he made quick time getting
out of reach." said Mrs. Martell. "As
Foon as I screamed 'Burglars!' Mrs. Hutt
camp running out and fired at him. - We
looked through the hall, but could not
find any bullot ho!e and Mrs. Hutt's shot
may have taken effect. There is no doubt
the man Intended to ransack the house
while we were in the kitchen, but In the
darkness he upset a small table and the
noise attracted our attention."
The police have been notified of the at
tempt at burglary. .
Mrs. Hutt Is the wife of Harry Hutt, a
conductor on the Sacramento-street Rail
way.
DARING CROOK
LANDED BEHIND
PRISON WALLS
James Moffitt, an Old Of
fender, Locked Up in
SI the Tanks.
Passed a Number of Bogus Checks
on the Unsuspecting Keepers
of Various Lodging-
Houses.
t
t -
Locked In the tanks of the City Prison
Is James Moffltt, a noted crook, for whom
the police have been looking for some
time. He was arrested yesterday by Po
lice Officer Isaacs and locked up pending
further Investigation. .
During the past month Moffltt, who the
police say Is an old offender, has been
working off bogus checks on the keepers
of lodging-houses. His scheme Is to visit
a lodging-house and after asking for the
landlady he represents himself as a cattle
man who has Just arrived from Montana.
After selecting a room he hands her a
"phony" check for a small amount and
Is given the difference, which usually does
not amount to over two. or three dollars.
On receiving the change the bold crook
generally leaves the place, after inform
ing his victim that he is troubled with in
somnia and that It is necessary for him
to take a long walk before retiring for
the night. Of course, he does not return,
and when the landlady attempts to cash
the check she Is told that It Is a forgery.
In this manner Moffltt has successfully
Imposed on at least twenty lodging-house
keepers during the past month. His oper
ations became so bold that Chief of Police
Sullivan detailed two of the best men to
arrest him, but their efforts went for
naught. " .
Yesterday Policeman Isaacs, who was
acquainted with Moffltt. met him on
Kearny street and took him Into custody.
He showed a disposition to resist the of
ficer, but was promptly placed hors de
combat by a well directed blow. The -pa
trol wagon was summoned and the forger
was removed to the City Prison. He was
afterward positively Identified by a num
ber of his victims.
,MoflHt is an old offender, having been
arrested on a number of occaslons-for sim
ilar offenses. When searched at the City
Prison a number of bogus checks similar
to the ones passed on unsuspecting land
ladles were found in his possession.
Students Do Comedy.
The students of the Cogswell Polytech
nic College gave an entertainment last
night. The Interesting feature of the
occasion was the presentation of an orig
inal comedy entitled "A Family Affair,"
by Charles Townsend. Those who took
part in the entertainment were: Virgil
Tharp. Conealy Christensen, J. Casper
Ucvpv, Miss Anna C. Meaney, Miss Ida
C. Wight raon and Albert McGill.
UNIONIZED labor in San Francisco
¦will at no distant day have its own
building, in which all of the differ
ent unions can and no doubt will
hold their meetings. As it is now, the
headquarters of the different labor unions
are scattered all over the city. It Invaria
bly happens that workmen on coming to
the city find considerable trouble In lo
cating the headquarters of the union
with which they wish to visit or affiliate.
With the erection of the proposed new
temple all this will be a thing of the past,
and the men whose bone and sinew have
made San Francisco what it is will have
a house built hy their own hands into
which they can enter and- hold their meet
ings without the necessity of paying rent
to ethers. As already announced, all the
stock will be owned by the men them
selves through their organizations.
MAY BE THE HOME OF ORGANIZED LABOR.
The above plan has not as yet been ac
cepted by the committee appointed to pass
on designs submitted, but inasmuch as
Mr. Malsbary, the designer, is a practical
builder and is also chairman of the com
mittee, his plans and Ideas will receive
courteous consideration when the commit
tee'meets, a week from to-day, to take
final action on the selection of a site and
to decide what kind of a building will
meet the requirements of the various
unions.
PROPOSED DESIGN FOR
THE NEW LABOR TEMPLE
- ' Hales. | Hole's.
JTwondcr what Hales \nc/ose io-night at 6. 1
fl have onsale to-day* g|
«yLft_Jl^W some peculiar characteristics apply to he rocs, well- |3
QSQmiM^* dressed people and In fad to us all. As soon as XH
SHI? S could, they started in to mar the beaut> of
?* ro> the Dewey arch by chipping off souvenirs >ou gj
/¦flpwi««BBJ«H»«Bi« and many we n-dres3ed folks forget the ploves to BJ
g- ¦ . match the costume, and the carefully fitting shoes Kg
H and the appropriate hat. we are open until 6 to-niffht. ready and aDie ga
Eg to supply the finishing touches the perfectly dressed person needs. EH
I such as: I
jf| J^^C J ? ladi^ s ' taffeta extra heavy all-silk taf- H
iVf f^^Jy silk waists, nicely /*Ov feta ribbon, plain and pj
H /^^C ' front^and °back" Kjflw) moire ' in numbcr3 M 19
B /ftSfrW^fe J 1 collar - in *U 7/ffl\ hunters ' green, orange, H
El /*Ui rrawT I present day wiLJ black and golden ffj
II i FWSK&r^J shades: n a . v y Q&W) brown; a few hundred M-
m \nzSKsJ blue' Sotrcfe 1 /S^f/ yards> "S 01 " 1 * worth S
8 ""JX g^y, red? 3f ( 20c and 3oc per yard, M
dj O ' ' rose, b1ack.. 53.85 to close out at 10c ||
I and other items as: 1
B yeilingSi Pla*« and dotted chiffon fgr Jjjljy, infants' celluloid powder |f
II veiling, fine tuxedo boxes, in blue, pink or B
M meshes, with small, medium and white soc
H large chenille or silk woven infants' combs, celluloid, blue, |2
|i dots; black brussels net with pink or white 15c l«
U large velvet dots and velvet rings, infants' celluloid brushes, in blue, feS
fa dots, and russian nets with va- pink or white S OO ¦«
H rious dots in black only, an ele- Kj
ffl gam assortment of veils, with l men . s CQtton ha , f h ull g
H embroidered borders..per yard 50c ""«. seamless> either heavy or p|
H millinerY we have taken forty of medium weight, colors black or Lj
H UIIIIIIICI J' our stylish dress hats tan, per pair I2^c EJ
m in the pastel shades — rose, reseda, uA
In maize and pearl — fOOUrdS F re .nch foulards in fancy pj
H regular value $7, $9, $12, $15 * designs, 24 inches wide, Kj
Bj reduced to *$5, $7, $9, $10.50 in all the new spring colorings; I>j
n also a complete assortment of extremely fashionable for waists, Q
SI sailors and english walking hats and one of the fads of the season ly
H 25c to $2.50 per yard $1.00 El
HENNESSY MADE
THE SCAPEGOAT
OFTHE SCANDAL
Piggott, Lynch and Martin
Exonerated From All
Blame.
The Western Turf Association Breaks
Its Word in Ruling "Mike"
Hennessy Off the Turf
for Life.
As predicted in The Call the great turf
scandal blew up like a typhoon on the
China Sea. then disappeared like a gentle
summer zephyr. At the meeting of the
Western Turf Association stewards, held
at the Palace Hotel yesterday forenoon,
D. J. Lynch, Joe Piggott, the jockey, and
••Wiliie' : Martin, the ex-jockey, were com
pletely exonerated of the charges made
against them by "Mike" Hennessy, also
a. rider. In a confession made to the stew
ards of the California Jockey Club. The
result of the Inquiry Is herewith quoted:
In the matter of Daniel Lynch el al.— The
board of stewards of the Western Turf Asso
ciation alter a careful Investigation In this
case of ail the evidence (.Inciummc affidavits
furnished by the California Jockey Club) do
find thtt the weight of evidence cleariy ex
onerates eaid Daniel Lynch from any complic
ity In the fraudulent ride on the horse Hard
Knot of date March 16, lSvu. confessed to by
fcls rider. Jockey Hennessy, and that therefore
eald cl-.u.rgrv as to Daniel Lynch are dismissed.
We do further Mnd nothing in all the f\ ldenct;
In this case to Implicate eithera Jockeys Mgg-ott
or Willie Martin In any wrongdoing, and the
charges as to them in this matter are dis
missed.
The conduct, evidence and admissions of
Jockey Hennessy in the Hard Knot ride,
coui'led with other evidence, while directed
against parties proven j n tn j g investigation to
be absolutely Innocent, we do find incriminate
no one but Jockey Hennessy himself, and there
fare eaid Jockey Hennessy is hereby ruled off.
We do further find in the matter of the
Pirate J entry and race, which was coupled
¦with the foreeroinc complaint, nothing of a
fraudulent character in either said entry or race
Implicating said Daniel Lynch as alleged, and
»ald charge is therefore dismissed.
This Is a direct flap, and it mifrht be
said insult, on the part of the Tanforaji
Park people to the Oakland Association.
fis ¦well as a gross breach of good faith.
In the interest of good racing and honest
sport Thomas H. Williams Jr., of the Cal
lforr.ia Jockey Club, furnished F. H.
Green, secretary of the Western Turf As
sociation, with the statement made by
Hennessy. the purport of which was that
crooked racing had been going on at Tan
foran and giving the names of the persons
alleged to be participating in same. As
a remuneration Hennessy. who was then
under suspension for a suspicious ride at
Oakland on the two-year-old Lucldla, was
promised immunity from punishment and
reinstatement. Those facts were conveyed
to Secretary F. H. Greon and that turf
man ni asked if his association would
stand by the agreement if the disclosures
were furnished his association. He replied
in the affirmative and received the allega
tions of Hennessy.
Then, after a three nights' session, the
stewards of the Western Turf Association
render a decision almost awarding Lynch,
Piggott and Willt<- Martin gold medals
for their brazen clevr-rness and effrontery,
while HenxMCsy is rul<nl off the turf.
It is possible and not altogether improb
able that the assertions made by Hen
nessy contain many discrepancies, and
that Lynch. Piggott ot al. were unjustly
accused; but what oxcuse is there for this
action of a so-called reputable racing as
sociation? Once before, in the notorious
Lobos case, the California Jockey Club
sent to the Pacific Coast Jockey Club pos
itive proof of gross fraud in connection
with the running at that fast colt, only to
have the same returned by Corrigan and
his confreres, perhaps because they shared
in the spoils gained through the victory
of Trainer Mason's charge. At any rate,
the whole thing was squashed with the
alacrity of a police court shyster.
There are wide variances in the state
ments made by Hennessy and Lynch to
the stewards. Hennessy in his deposition
says: "I think I got something like $75
for the two rides on the horse." meaning
Hard Knot. Lynch distinctly says he
pave the jockey $53 and later $10 additional
for winning on tho horse. Hennessy also
takes credit for thinking he is the only
one acquainted with the identity of Pirate
J. while Lynch names half a dozen horse
men who saw the gelding work at Ingle
fide end knew him immediately from his
Eastern efforts.
Dut. weak as Hennessy's assertions may
be in spots, and strong as are the denials
of Lynch and Piggott. common d^cencv
and rc-spoct would consider the Western
Turf Association bound, as a reputable
body of the American turf, to keep Its
word.
TAX RATE MAY
RUN OVER THE
DOLLAR LIMIT
Estimate of Police and Fire
Departments Can Be
Increased.
Charter Provides for a Larger Com
plement of Men Than That on
Which They Have Been
Reorganized.
?
Auditor Wells Is of the opinion that the
next tax rate may be considerably above
the dollar limit If the Fire Commissioners
carry out their expressed Intention to ask
the Supervisors for all the money they
are entitled to under the charter. In
hiaking its estimate of expenditures for
the next fiscal year the Fire Department
asked for $740,237, but the figure was vol
untarily reduced to $705,893 after consul
tation with the Auditor. This reduction
was effected by reducing the fire compan
ies from ten to eight men, though the
charter says that ten shall be the full
complement.
The Auditor states that a number of
extra men and employes In the corpora
tion yard were cut out, but If the Fire
Commissioners* Insist upon their demand,
the Supervisors will be compelled to give
It to them.
The Police Department has also been
cut down below what is provided by the
charter. One policeman is permitted for
every five hundred inhabitants. At pres
ent 525 men are calculated upon, but with
the estimated population of 300,000 the city
would be entitled to 600 patrolmen.
Should the Fire and Police Departments
press their claims the .expenditures will
be largely increased over the figures sub
mitted by the Auditor and the dollar limit
will naturally be exceeded.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors will meet next week to hear
the complaints of the various municipal
departments' against the Auditor's esti
mate for the next fiscal year. It Is thought
that the estimate will be raised in some
instances and reduced In others. It is
certain that the estimates of the Fire and
Police Departments will not be lowered.
The Auditor's estimate of the tax levy
which he has placed at exactly $1 for cur
rent expenses has been calculated on a
basis of an assessed valuation of $400,000,
000. Assessor Dodge says that It will be
fortunate If the roll reaches $375,000,000
If he is correct the tax rate will
be largely in excess of $1 under the pres
ent form of municipal government.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1900
VICTIM OF A MYSTERIOUS. 'SUICIDE.
Get Strength
The remedy- that works with nature Is the
best. "Where this harmony does not exist there
can be no cure. That Is why. medicines fall.
That is why my
Dr. Mclaughlin's Belt
Succeeds. . Electricity helps nature In fighting
disease because it" Is a part' of our very life.
This power applied through my belt stimulates
the blood, eases pain, gives new energy to the
nerves and freedom to the muscles. It Is the
helping hand which lifts you up and away from
the weakness that kills. My book to men. my
book to women Is free. Send for It.
DR. M. A. MbLAUGHLIN,
702 Marktt Bt.. Cor. Xttray. S. T.
Ini cor . Spring and Second Sts., Los Anklet i
wSB&iSSb "^ TStrr^w asp&w as 9w j*
BkS*")^" fcj^P Ss£& HsaJSf •jj
cncCB'ORATO ' iS&SS3 Jj3 sis waP* BBSv
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY AND MONDAY!
Granulated &E Sugar, 204 lbs • .$1
Finest Creamery Butter, 3 "«Too es 3sc
Don't delay. Now Is the time to pack
Butter for the Winter. Regular 40c
Choice SS?. Butter, square... 30c
Raspberry, Grenadine Syrups, & 30c
Strawberry Vanlla. Regular 40a
Best Petaluma Ranch Eggs, doz I7ic
Choice New Mild Cheese, Ib — 10c
Mackerels Soused, can I2£c
In Tomato and Mustard Sane«. Regular 20c
Pineapple in extra syrup, whole 20c
Large Can; 3H lbs. Regular 23c wn,
Imported Sardines, Sis ca 3 n . 25c
Rare Bargain. Regular 12% c can.
Large French Prunes, Ib 5c
Extra Choice Black Figs, Ib — 5c
Rye and Bourbon Whiskey, gal $2,50
5 Tears Old. Regular 13 50.
Zinfandel, vintage 1893, gal- -35c
Send for Monthly Price List Free.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S 293. No Branch Stores.
LESLIE C. HURST
"Will find It greatly to his Interest to
write to E. W. MORAXCY, admin-
istrator of F. K. HURST, deceased
Versailles, Kentucky, or to ANDREW
THORNE, MILLS BUILDING. San
Francisco, Cal.
Any one knowing him to be alive since
ISS9, or knowing him to be dead, kindly
notify the above.
14