MURDERER
OF WILSON
CONFESSES
Owens Unwittingly Tells
the Story to a
Detective.
JEALOUSY WAS THE MOTIVE
?
Apparently Unaware of the Fact That
His Wife Was About to Leave '
the Home of the Aged
Special Dispatch to The Call
SUISUN. April 2i).— The mystery sur
rounding the killing of Daniel H.
Wilson, the Suisun Valley orchard
ist, who was assassinated at the
door of his home on the night of Oc
tober 9. 1595, has at last been cleared up,
and the murderer is behind prison bars,
with enough evidence to convict him of
the foul crime. John L. Owens is the man
who took Daniel Wilson's life, and all sus
picion of a doubt as to his guilt was re
moved to-day when he confessed to the
crime.
Owens was taken Into custody yesterday
on the ranch of J. S. Jones, about one mile
from the town of Madison. Yolo County.
Sheriff George H. Savage of Solano Coun
ty being the arresting offlcer. District
Attorney Frank R. Devlin of Solano and
Sheriff Frank P. Grace of Sonoma County
were with Sheriff Savage at the time the
arrest was made. Tho officers and pris
oner drove to the jail at Falrfleld, arriv
ing there at dusk last evening. After be
ing placed in Jail several ineffectual at
tempts were made to Induce Owens to
make a statement regarding the murder,
but he remained firm, and outside of a few
minor admissions would give the officers
no Information further than what had
been obtained by them from other per
sons. This morning, however, Owens fell
Into tho trap that had. been set for him
and told what will probably send him to
the gallows. •
Charles James, employed by Curtln's
Detective Agency of San Francisco, Is the
man who obtained from" the prisoner this
morning the statement that was necessary
for a conviction. The conversation be
tween the two men was overheard by
Deputy Sheriff Fred Clark, who was se
creted in an' adjoining cell in the jail.
Later in the day the murderer was taken
to District Attorney Devlin's office, where
he made a complete confession in the
presence of that official. Sheriff Savage
and Court Reporter T. H. Hyatt, the lat
ter taking the statement down In short
hand.
Confession of Owens.
The killing of Wilson took place on the
evening of October 9. It occurred shortly
after 8 o'clock. Owens said that he left
his home at Healdsburg on the morning
of that day with the intention of killing
Wilson. He took with him a. double' bar
rel muzzle-loading shotgun. 'He drove to
within one mile of the Wilson ranch and
tied his horse, walking the , remainder of
tho distance. He went to the house. and
after 1 waiting a "while Wilson . came out
sldo and he shot him. He left Immedi
ately after the shooting, retracing his
steps to his, horse.' He then drove back
to Healdsburg:, '. reaching his home the
next day,; driving his horse . 128 miles In
twenty-four hours. Owens . Btated posi
tively that ;hl3 wife! did not know who
did the I shobtlncr. "..,-. .!< . . ¦
Ho said he killed Wilson because his
wife was there and he believed that Wil
son was using: his influence to keep her
WARRANT FOR TAYLOR
MAY HAVE BEEN ISSUED
FRANKFOTVT. Ky., April 20.— 1t -is reported . that Governor Taylor left
Washington last night to join his family at Louisville and that he may ar
rive here to-morrow.- There is said to have been much communication by
wire between here and Washington. Friends of Governor Taylor say he Is
ready to meet any charge that may have been brought against him. but they
don't want him Incarcerated without bail, which they Bay he can give in any
reasonable amount.
The clerk of the court insists that there Is no record on file of any Tay-'
lor indictment, and all the other Indictments returned yesterday are on file
In the clerk's office. The Circuit Judge can hold an Indictment until the
bench warrant has been served, and such Is believed to be the case In this
instance. Current reports are gene-ally credited that the warrant even has
been issued ready for service on the return of the Governor.
when arraigned In a Police Court. On
August 30, the same year. Mrs. McArthur
made an attempt to Jump, but was
stopped by the bridge policeman. .
DYNAMITE PACKING
HOUSE EXPLOSION
Three Men Blown to Atoms and
Neighboring Buildings Reduced *
to Wreckage.
BAT CITY, Mich.. April 20.— The pack
ing house of the Ajax Dynamite Works
near the village of Kawkawlin. this coun
ty, was blown up this afternoon, killing
three men. The dead:
WILLIAM WEVER.
EDWARD HALLIGAN
WILLIAM VANVLASSAR.
All left young widows and children.
Their bodies were torn to shreds, only
enough being found to fill a bushel-basket.
Great trees were uprooted or torn to pplln
ters and houses and stores In Kawkawlin
were wrecked by the force of the explo
sion. H. H. Thomas of Bay City Is the
owner of the works. It is believed the
explosion, which is the fourth in seven
yf-ars, was caused by one of the men
dropping a pailful of dynamite on the
floor. The financial loss 13 slight.
MANY SACKS OF MAIL
FOR "HEALER" TRUTH
BOSTON, April 20.— Twelve sacks of mall addressed to Francis Truth, the
divine healer, "who was arrested recently charged with fraud, have been im
pounded by the Unlti A States Government under the usual "fraud order."
Many of the thousands of letters contained in the twelve mall sacks carry
money for "absent treatment." Truth's usual charge was $5 for absent treat
ment, so that necessarily the amount of money contained In the letters is
very large. The twelve sacks of mall will be opened by the postal authori
ties. The letters which bear names and addresses on the envelopes will be re
turned to the writers. The other letters will be sent to the "Dead Letter '
Office" at Washington to be opened. What money Is contained In these let
ters will be returned to the writers.
away from him. He was shown the gun
which the officers had secured, and he
admitted that It was the one with which
he killed Wilson.
While Owens denied to-day that his
wife knew that he was connected in any
manner with the killing, he had previous
ly asked one of the Jail officials If his
wife had given him away. Just after the
murder of Daniel Wilson was committed.
B. F. Rush, who was. the Sheriff at that
time, was of the opinion that the house
keeper, Mrs. Lucy Owens, or her hus
band, were either responsible for the
crime or. in some way connected with It.
In this opinion Mr. Rush was opposed by
the other officials, still he placed Mrs.
Owens and her brother-in-law under ar
rest, but they were, soon discharged for
lack of evidence. Mr. Rush's subsequent
efforts to connect Owens with the crime
were of no avail.
Trailing the Murderer.
Relatives of the murdered man were ar
rested In January, 1599, and after their
discharge attention was once more direct
ed to the Owens family. It was in Oc
tober of. that year that District Attorney
Devlin obtained a clew upon which he
could work. A month later he secured
the first positive Information connecting
John Owens, with the crime. It was In
the form of a statement from a man who
was In -possession of Important facts.
Mr. Devlin employed Detective Curtln of
San Francisco and Sheriff Frank P. Grace
of! Santa Rosa was also taken Into the
case. The latter worked up all clews fur
nished him and -worked vigorously In con
nection with the other officials. Two
months ago Mr. Curtin detailed Charles
James, a member of his force, on the
case. James went to Healdsburg and soon
won the confidence of Owens. He pre
sented himself as an ordinary laborer.
For several weeks the two men traveled
in different parts of the State together,
most "of the time sharing the same beds.
They have been In several mining coun
ties and worked here and there. Owens
secured work at the Jones ranch, near
Madison, last Monday, his supposed part
ner remaining in town. It was then that
the arrest was planned. District Attorney
Devlin consulted with Sheriff Savage, and
on Wednesday Sheriff Grace was sent for.
As has been heretofore stated the arrest
was made Thursday afternoon, and while
en route to'Falrfleld James was met on
the road, as had been prearranged. He
seemed much surprised and displayed In
dignation at Owens' arrest, and agreed to
follow the latter to Falrfleld. Coming here
by -. train a sham arrest .was made and
James was placed In Jail.
Prisoner. ls Calm.
Having become firmly convinced that the
officials were. Jn possession of the facts of
the shooting Ovi,ns told James this morn
ing that he did kill Wilson. Owens was
calm throughout. He Btlll shows no signs
of nervousness nor does he know the part
that James played in the case.
John . Owens, the slayer of Daniel H.
"Wilson, is a, man about 50 years of age.
He Is medium 'built, about 6 feet 7 Inches
In height.. He was at one time a resident
of Fairfleld. and before going to Healds
burg in ISO 2 lived temporarily in Suisun
Valley. He has relatives living In this
vicinity. His own family consists of a
wife and two children, one a son of 17 and
a daughter two years younger. -.-¦:¦
It lsa peculiar fact that the very night
of the murder Owens' wife had decided to
leave -Wilson, so that the slaying of the
aged man appears to have; been a useless
crime on the part of the wronged husband.
EXCURSIONISTS WERE
ABANDONED BY CLARKE
Members of the 111-Fated Party Left
in Europe and Many Are
Penniless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. April 20.— The steamer New
England, which carried the 111-fated party
of wealthy excursionists from all parts
of the country to Mediterranean ports.
! under the management of F. C. Clarke,
arrived in Boston from Liverpool to-day
with some of the stranded party on board.
Among the original party were many
California people, including Miss Hall B.
Childs. Miss Sarah D. Crosby. Miss Sarah
Coleman. John B. Luther. Rev. James F.
Nugent. In addition there were people \
from Pasadena and other parts of Cali
fornia. It is not known where any of
these are now.
The members of the Clarke party who
returned to-day denounce in emphatic
terms the conduct of F. C. Clarke, who.
they claim, abandoned them In Rome
when he knew that they had been In
fected with smallpox, and that they were
without resources owing to his assurances
that for the sum of $500 or $600 a head he
would pay all the expenses of the trip,
and that the excursionists would need to
take with them only change enough for
tipping purposes. Captain McAuley says
that he had to leave Naples to escape
costly quarantine upon the discovery of
smallpox symptoms among the crew. It
Is understood that the management of
the party asked the captain of the vessel
to conceal the presence of smallpox on
board and to continue the trip as it had
been planned originally. This Captain
McAuley declined to do. Four of the pas
sengers died of the disease In Europe and
a large portion of the party is now scat
tered all over the continent, many of
them probably infected and some of them,
it Is feared, penniless.
D'ARCOS PLACATED.
Chicago Mayor Satisfactorily Ex
plains Dewey Invitation
Incident.
CHICAGO. April 20.— The Duke d'Arcos
Incident arising from the Dewey Invita
tion was closed to-day, according to the
following communication received by
Mayor Harrison from the Spanish Min
ister at Washington:
It was very kind of you to s*nd the letter
received this mornlnr. From the flrst moment
I felt assured that all about the Invitation was
a mistake and that there was no Intention
whatever of an offense. At the same time I felt
that I could not drop the matter unnoticed.
Now it is a closed Incident and I thank you
again for your very courteous answer.
"I thought the explanation I sent was
sufficient to convince the Spanish Minister
that the matter was an oversight," said
the Mayor, "and this letter shows the
Duke is satisfied with the outcome of an
Incident that is to be regretted deeply."
DENVER'S PROTEST.
DENVER. Colo., April 20.— The hearing
before Interstate Commerce Commission
ers Flfer and Clements In regard to the
alleged discriminations In freight rates
against this city by the railways was con
cluded to-day. The attorneys were given
until June 6 to file their briefs and a deci
sion Is promised soon' after that date
O. H. Hart, a sewing-machine Jobber,
gave testimony to-day showing that con
ditions are such that Denver jobbers can
not compete In Montana, Wyoming. Utah
or any Western States with either Omaha,
Kansas City or otber Missouri River
points. George Munroe, freight traffic
agent of the Union Pacific Railroad, ex
plained In detail the rates to which objec
tions have been v^nade.. The Commission
ers bo from Denver to Omaha.
the members of the ring. The first in
timation of trouble came on Thursday
afternccn when the ring of lawyers dis
covered that Chief Dunn of the Chinese
Bureau was not sending any more re
ports to the Collector of the Port re
garding Chinese who claim a right to
land at this port.
As The Call has already explained,
the Collector of the Port, In consider
ing Chinese cases, acts ostensibly upon
recommendations from the Chinese
Bureau. This bureau is an expensive
piece cf Federal governmental machin
ery destined to test the claims of
every Chinese applicant for a residence.
Inspectors, interpreters and stenogra
phers are employed. Testimony is ta
ken, translated and transcribed and
then the bureau, weighing the evidence
in its possession, makes recommenda
tions for or against the application of
each claimant.
It was these recommendations which
Chief Dunn declined to make on Thurs
day, announcing with his refusal the
startling information that Special
Agent of the Treasury Chanler was
making an investigation of the records
cf the bureau and that no further rec
ommendations would be made until the
inquiry was concluded. The members
of the ring were dumfounded. Their
illegitimate criminal traffic had been
brought to a standstill. Their ill-gotten
profits' were cut short without warn
ing.
There are on the Pacific Mail dock
and on the Nippon Maru over 500 Chi
nese, clamoring for a landing. Their
fellows had found it easy to break
through the barriers of the law, and the
newcomer;? could not understand why
there should be delay in their cases.
Chinese coaches are jabbering instruc
tions and warnings from the dock, but
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 152.
son made his unexpected decision, that
their discomfiture was complete. The
lawyers. Plppy, Bell and the others,
met in the office of the Collector of the
Port as usual. They wanted no more
delay.
It was then Collector Jackson quietly
informed them that he would have
nothing more to do with "native-born"
cases. He declared that not only would
he not land any more, but that he
would not consider any more cases, and
if the attorneys wanted to test the
right of the coolies to land they must
go to the United States courts for writs
of habeas corpus directed not against
him, but against the transportation
companies. The lawyers pleaded and
begged. They advanced argument
after argument, but Collector Jackson
was obdurate.
"I have been reading considerable law
In the last few days," he said. "The
Call has taught me some law and I
have come to the conclusion that I have
no business with Chinese 'native-born'
cases. Tou will have to take them to
the courts."
No argument could change that de
cision. The traffic in "native sons" had
collapsed. Expose and a plain state
ment of startling facts had worked a
remarkable change. The lawyers in
sisted that the law provides that a writ
of habeas corpus can only be obtained
after the Collector of the Port has re
fused to land a Chinese. The point was
not by any means well taken. The con
dition that the Collector must first re
fuse to land a Chinese before a writ can
be issued was introduced in the writs
simply to please the late United States
District Judge Hoffman and to cover
a contention of prior residence on the
part of the applicant. Collector Jack-
ORGAN GRINDER TO
BE EARL OF POULETT
Viscount Hinton Wins His Fight for
a Title and Large
¦*>l Estate.
LONDON. April 21.— The Dally Mail
makes the following announcement:
"We learn that an arrangement Is on
the eve of, conclusion, permitting Vis
count Hinton. the organ grinder, to be
come the Karl of Poulett, the youngrer
son by the late Earl's third wife abandon-
Ing his claim to the title, but receiving
annuity to be paid out of the estate.
FRENCH NATURALIST DEAD.
Alphonse Milne-Edwards Suddenly
Passes to the Beyond.
PARIS. April 21.— M. Alphonse Milne-
Edwards, the distinguished French nat
uralist ami director of the Museum of
Natural History, died suddenly at 2
o'clock this morning. In his sixty-fifth
year.
Gomez at Santo Domingo.
SANTO DOMINGO. April 20 (via Hay
tlan cable).— General Maximo Gomez ar
rived here from Cuba to-day and met a
brilliant official and public reception. He
lauded under a salute fired from the fort
and was met at the landing, the streets
were decorated In hla honor and he was
serenaded this evening.
Famine Spreading in India.
SIMLA. India, April 20.— The distress
among the people Is spreading and 5,300.
000 Dersons are now receiving relief.
AWFUL LEAP
OF A WOMAN
WOOING DEATH
Plunges From the Middle
Span of Brooklyn
Bridge.
PICKED UP BY A RIVER TUG
It Is round Xo Bones Are Broken
and If Not Injured Internally
the Would-Be Suicide "Will
Recover.
Ni:W YORK, April 21.— ITlss Mary E.
I>in?e of this city Jumped from the
Brooklyn bridge at 2 o'clock this after
r.oon without serious injuries. Many men
have made this leap into the waters of
the East River since the bridge was com
pleted. Most of them have perished. Miss
Dinse Is the second woman who has ever
attempted to end her life in this way.
She Is now in the Hudson-street Hospital.
The physicians found that no bones were
broken, but they say it !s po.-sible that
the has sustained internal injuries.
In the carriage In which she drove to
the middle span of the bridge was found
a brooch on which was engraved "M.
Dlnse. May 22, ISS7," and she also was
ldentlfled through papers on her person
as Miss Dinse. She Is about 32 years of
nge and formerly was owner of a board
ing house In this city.
She stepped from a carriage In motion
about fifty feet from the bridge tower on
the New York end and dropped to the
water below, striking, according to an eye
¦witness, about twenty feet from the Clyde
line pier. She was picked up by the crew
of the tug Tacoma, which was moored
near by. The fact that she had no money
ar.fl had ordered herself to be dri\'en to a
pioce In Brooklyn where she Is not known
leads the police to believe suicide was
planned.
Thomas I. Moss, a hackman, gives the
best account of the woman's act. She
npproach*-<l hira on Broadway and re
quested liim to take her to 112 Fulton
street. Brooklyn.
"She acted rather odd." said Moss, "and
I was a little afraid that I would lose my
pay. but 1 finally concluded to take the
chance. When we got to the ticket taker
on the bridge she had no money to buy
the ticket. She pulled a ring irom her
finger and offered it to the man as se
curity, but he trould not take it. I was
about to turn around and bring her back,
and hail party turned my horse, when
she said 1 would pet my money when we
reached Fulton street. So I paid the toll
ttnd ¦went ah«-ad.
"I was past the first tower and going at
a trot when 1 heard people calling. I
turned around and paw tne door of the
hack opr-n on the Fide nearest the prom
enade. The woman was about twelve
fe?t behind me. and climbing over the low
railing. Before the bridge policeman who
was r.rar could reach her she had
squeezed through a triangular hole be
twer-n the tree* s and dropped down. She
<31d not jump, just dropped."
A bridge policeman, on hearing the
crifs. dashed toward her, but a moment
too late. The woman struck the water
on her right Fide, and after the lirst
splash floated, drifting: dov.n stream, car
ried by the ebb tide. The tug Taeoma put
out and picked her up unconscious, and
after some delay she was removed to the
hospital.
For non-payment of Installments and
rent Miss DJr.s<? was dispossessed on
Wednesday from a boarding- house that
she nnd a man named F. M. Audln were
running on Twenty-third -street. Since
that time she has been melancholy and
ho* remained in her room most of the
time.
On September 6, 3835. a Mrs. McArthur
Jumped from tho bridge and was but
slightly Injured. She was discharged I
NORTH DAKOTA
TOWN SWEPT
BY FLAMES
Two Lives Lost and Many
Families Are Left
Homeless.
DESTITUTION WIDESPREAD
Property Damaged Amounts to Four
Hundred Thousand Dollars.
Relief Measures Must Be
Promptly Taken.
EDINBURGH. X. D.. April 20.— FIr»
wiped out the entire business portion of
this city to-day. Property to the amount
of $400,000 was burned, and two women
perished In the flames. Smoldering ruin 3
and burnt debris are all that remain to
mark the location of this heretofore pros
perous village, entire families are without
homes and many will be compelled to
spend the night out of doors. The food
supply is short and the homeless ones will
undergo distress from hunger.
Mrs. Jacob Llndall. wife of a former
prominent merchant and a bride of but a
' few months, and Mrs. B. B. Bjornsen
1 were burned to death. They occupied
rooms In a two-story building and at
tempts were made to get to their apart
ments, but without avail.
The origin of the fire was In the rear of
Dormstead & Co.'s drug store, and sup
posed to be from spontaneous combustion.
The Robertson Lumber Company lost Its
entire stock and buildings. Five general
merchandise stores, two drug stores, two
hardware stores, three Implement houses,
one bank, two hotels, two livery stables
and many other buildings were burned.
Two elevators containing several thousand
bushels of grain are also burned. Tho
railroad tracks are destroyed for some
distance and trains will be delayed some
time. (_ '
the coolie-laden wagons are not rush
ing Into Chinatown. Of the 500 coolies
now in bond at 'ieast 120 claim to be na
tive-born citizens cf the United States,
having been born, according to the out
lage of perjured testimony, in San
Francisco. Of the Chinese detained on
the dock eighty-three have retained
ColoneJ George H. Plppy as their attor-
ney. These facts need no comment. A
man who has no right to practice in the
United States courts is employed to
land eighty-three Chinese coolies that
arrived within a period of twenty days.
Consternation ruled in the camp of
the lawyers when the announcement of
Chief Dunn was made, but it was not
until yesterday, when Collector Jack-
at work upon the records cf tho Chinese
Bureau. Pending that investigation
Chief Dunn of the Chinese Bureau has
refused to make any more recommend
ations in Chinese cases to the Collector
of the Port, and the corrupt operations
of the ring in landing "merchants,"
¦¦students" and coolies known as tour
ists has aiso been checked.
As The Call has already proved there
is a great nest of fraud and perjury,
purchased testimony and forgery hid
den in this phase of the trafllc in Chi
nese. Thousands of coolies, who had
absolutely no right to land, have forced
the barriers of the exclusion act and
have entered San Francisco as "mer
chants, students and tourists.". The in
spector of the treasury, who is now ex
amining the records of the Chines? Bu
reau, will find much in this field to com
pensate him for his pains. He is delv
ing in a mine of the grossest fraud, that
will furnish much food for the United
States Grand Jury and supply beyond
the possibility of doubt the evidence
sufficient to punish the members of the
corrupt ring for the outrage which the>
have inflicted upon the people of this
city.
The criminal conspiracy which has
resulted in the landing of 3000 "native
son" coolie citizens in thirty-four
months should be compelled to pay
something more serious than the pen
alty of exposure. And the evidence
with which to prove the guilt of the
members of the ring is in the Chinese
Bureau. An honest and thorough in
vestigation will bring the facts to the
surface and the United States Grand
Jury has full power to act.
This disastrous culmination of a
criminal deal which has been going on
in this cits* for over two years came
like a thunderbolt from a clear sky to
Collector Jackson Decides That the Federal
Courts Must Determine All Further Cases
nf Nstivp 9on^
son has decided that If Incoming Chi
nese want to land here as native born
citizens of the United States they ask
a great deal and must prove their
claim In the United States courts, which
demand something more than perjured
testimony as proof.
This decision of Collector Jackson,
rendered unfortunately after 3000 coolie
citizens have passed through his hands,
practically destroys the traffic In na
tive sons. The clique of lawyers that
Is now controlling the outrageous busi
ness Is extremely unlikely to face the
scrutiny of a court. It would cost them
too much. The Pacific Mall Company,
familiar as it is with violations of the
law. is not likely to dare to release the
cooiies now in custody. It Is probable,
therefore, that at least 120 "native
sons" will journey back across the Pa
cific Ocean at the expense of the Pacific
Mall and other steamship companies. A
triumph the value of which can hardly
be measured has been won. But the
fight to uphold the exclusion act and
to prevent a repetition of the gigantic
frauds which resulted in the landing of
10.000 coolies at this port in thirty-four
months is not by any means at an end.
The Call Is in a position to prove that
the grossest frauds are still being prac
ticed by this corrupt ring of lawyers In
connection with the landing of "mer
chants, students and tourists." The
proof of the fraud is in the most recent
records of the Chinese Bureau, in docu
ments filed within the last few days.
The officials will not have far to search
to obtain it- With this phase of the
evil suspended but not killed. It Is a
matter for the deepest congratulation
that the startling expose of The Call
has destroyed the gigantic evil which
made of the dregs of Asiatic civilization
native born citizens of the United
States.
C — , . — S HE Call has won a triumph of
groat material benefit to the
people of this State. The gi-
pantlc and outrageous traffic In
r'hlr.ese "native-born" citizens
has been brought to a sudden stand
still and the corrupt ring which has
prown rich by sending thousands of
"native son" coolies into this port must
fight their Asiatic voters through th 2
r<.ur:s of the United States If any more
of them are to be landed at San Fran
cisco. The expose cf The Call ha? had
its effect and Collector of tho Port John
P. Jackson announced yesterday that
he will not only refuse to land any
more "native-born" Chinese, but he
will !>OFitivply decline to discuss or
consider their right to land in this
country. The Collector of the Port has
ann uneed to the ring of scheming law
yer* that if they desire to land any of
their "native sons" they must get out
v. rits cf habeas corpus, not upon him,
but upon the responsible agents of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company and
other transportation companies which
are shipping the coolies to this port.
If these writs are not demanded, and
in a vast majority of cases there is not
the slightest danger that they will be.
the Pacific Mail and other steamship
companies must return the coolie "na
tive sons" to Hongkong free of cost or
suffer the penalties prescribed by the
United States Government. This check
ing of a shameful, corrupt and out
rageous traffic, made by the expose of
The Call, is a signal triumph for the
people of San Francisco.
Upon its hee'.s comes another which
Is almost of ecual importance. Special
Agent of the Treasury Chanler has al
ready begun a secret investigation of
the enormous traffic in Chinese and is
EXPOSE MADE BY THE CALL KILLS THE CRIMINAL
TRAFFIC IN CHINESE NATIVE-BORN CITIZENS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO,' SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
Secret Investigation of the
Chinese Bureau Begun by
d I I UaoUlj AgOlll.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN I* OWENS. THE CONFESSED MURDERER OF, AGED DANIEIi
H. WILSON.
COLLECTOR JACKSON, WHO SAYS HE WILL LAND NO MORE COOLIE
"NATIVE SONS."flta CWICHESTER'S ENGLISH
WeeMir CaU Sl.OO dbp Year
DOMESTIC FINISH
For full-dress shirts is th« correct
thing. It looks neat and dressy. It la
more expensive to us, bat it costs 70a
no more. If you wish it, order it.
United States Laundry Office.
1004 Market Street,
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
DECLARES FOR
AN EXPOSITION
AT ST. LOUIS
Tran-Mississippi Congress
Concludes Its Work and
Adjourns.
Resolutions Favor the Nicaragua
Canal, Improved Waterways
and a Fostering of the
¦ Sugar Industry.
HOUSTON, Texas, April 20.— The elev
enth annual session of the Trans-Missis-
F-ippl Commercial Congress adjourned to
day to meet next year in Cripple Creek,
Colo. The Important business to-day was
the adoption of a plan for the organiza
tion of the congress on a permanent ba
sis; the indorsement of the St. Louis Ex
position and the appointment of a com
mittee to represent the congress in the
hearing on the St. Louis fair bill, in com
mittee, next Saturday, and the adoption
of a resolution calling for the Immediate
passage of one of the Nicaragua canal
bills now pending before the national
Congress. The personnel of the St. Louis
fair committee was left to the executive
committee and will not be announced for
some days.
When the resolution Indorsing the St.
Louis Exposition was taken up, ex-Gov
ernor Francis was given the floor to speak
on It. At the conclusion of his address a
number of seconding speeches were made
and by a rising vote the resolution was
adopted. Section 3ls as follows:
We cordially indorse the bill introduced Into
Congress by Representative Lane of lowa,
pledging the Government of the United States
to authorize the expenditure of $5,000,000 in aid
of such exposition.
At the afternoon session the committee
on resolutions reported as follows, all of
the recommendations being adopted: Call
ing on the National Congress to foster th«
sugar industry; calling on the National
Government to open the gilsonite reser
vation in Utah; recommending exhibits at
the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo:
urging a systematic plan of improving
waterways; indorsing various enterprises
for improvement of waterways; recom
mending the opening of Indian reserva
tions and favoring irrigation and settle
ment of reclaimed lands.
On the Nicaraguan canal the following
was adopted:
That we note with deep regret th« delay In
the passage of a measure of such supreme Im
portance to the best Interests. of our country
as the Nicaraguan canal, and w« accordingly
would respectfully urge upon the National
Congress the enactment Into law ot tne bill
now pending before Congress.
A resolution was presented favoring the
bill to amend the interstate commerce act,
but recommending the amendment of the
Cullom bill in certain particulars; that
the enactment of such amended bill Is an
immediate necessity. After a warm dis
cussion It was adopted.
Hon. T. L. Cannon of Missouri spoke on
"Population in the West.-" A committee
of three waa appointed to visit the irriga
tion congress which will meet In Chicago
in November and to invite the irrigation
congress to become a member of the
Trans-Mississippi Congress.
The executive committed reported a plan
for a permanent organization which was
adopted. Under this plan the following
officers in addition to those already elect
ed were named: Chairman of. the execu
tive committee. E. R. Moses of Great
Bend, Kans. ; vice chairman, A. S. Goetz
of Carlsbad, N. M.; secretary, Robert C.
Morris of New Orleans; treasurer, George
R. Harrison Jr. of Glasgow, Mo.
After the adoption of perfunctory reso
lutions tha congress adjourned sine die.
NEW YORK, April 20.-At Carnegie
Hall to-morrow will begin the
great Ecumenical Missionary Con
ference, which will bring together
distinguished Protestants from all
parts of the world. President Me-
Kfsley will be present at the opening, and
Benjamin Harrison, former President of
the United States, will be the presiding
• ¦ffieer.
For four years preparations have been
under way for this conference. There will
ppsemble representatives of every Pro
testant denomination; the delegates com
ing from all parts of the globe. The Rev.
EMINENT PERSONAGES WHO WILL ATTEND THE CONFERENCE. I
.-¦¦¦,•.¦.-• . i
Dr. William R. Huntingtnn, rector of I
Grace Church, asks a leading question in
this connection and answers it thus:
'"What is an ecumenical conference on
forolgn miNsiosTf? It is a reaching after
fosie method of concerted action in such
an attempt to Christianize the non-Chris
tian-portion of the inhabited earth as
shall be conimenfurate with the vastness
of the undertaking."
The first conference of this nature was
held in London in ISTB. Ten years later
the second was held, also In London. New
York is to have the third. It will be by
far the largest and most comprehensive
>et h'»ld. There will be more than 2000
delegate?. They comprise not only the
leading men and women from the clergy
and from the missionary fields, but emi
nent laymen of many nationalities.
Former President Benjamin Harrison
will cail the conference to order to-mor
row afternoon. Another one-time Presi
dent. Grover Cleveland, will have a part
In the great gathering. Other widely
known American laymen who will par
ticipate are United States Supreme Court
Justice David J. Brewer. John D. Rocke
feller, Colonel Charles Denby, Rear-Ad
miral N. H. Farquhar, General O. O.
Howard, Hamilton Mabie, Captain A. T.
Mahan. Rear Admiral John W. Philip.
President Jacob J. Schurman of Cornell,
President L. Clark Seelye of Smith Col
lege, John Wanamaker, Commander A.
V. Wadbajns, U. S. N. ; Rear Admiral J.
C. Watson, John W. Foster, former Sec
tary of State: General Leonard Wood and
Dean C. Worcester of the Philippine Com
mission.
Great Britain will send some of her
most renowned men, Eugene Stock, sec
retary of the Missionary Society of the
Church of England, will be there, and
with him the Rev. Professor T. M. Lind
say, D.D., of. Glasgow; Dr. C. F. Hart
ford-Battersby of Essex: George A.
King, M.A., a London solicitor; the Rev.
Canon Edmonds of Exeter; Judge David
G. Barkley. LL.D., of Belfast, Ireland;
the Rev. W. T. A. Barber. M.A.. 8.D.,
of Cambridge, and the Rev. R. Wardlaw
Thompson of London. Invitations have
been extended to the Archbishop of Can
terbury, the Earls of Aberdeen and Har
rowby. Dr. Munro Gibson, Professor H.
G. C. Motile and Lord Overtoun and the
Earl of Moray of Scotland. Germany's
delegates will include some noted leaders,
as Dr. Schrelber and Dr. Merensky. India
sends Baba Kali Charan Banurji of Cal
cutta.
The words "fortify" and "defend" appeared
to invite controversy and diplomatic complica
tions, and in view of the action of the ad
ministration In the Ilay-Paunce
fote treaty. It appears entirely needless to raise
a diplomatic Issue with England simply on
the use of words.
In the amended form ample authority is
ttven to the police to protect the canal against
destruction by evil-doers, and by the time the
canal is completed, six or eight years hence,
there will be full opportunity to determine
whether it should be permanently protected by
fortifications by our navy.
Following the meeting Shackleford of
Missouri filed with the House a minority
report, as follows:
The undersigned, while concurring In the Tim
orous American policy so ably and tersely
Ftated by Mr. Hepburn in behalf of the major
ity of the committM». nevertheless do not con
cur in the recommendation that the bill do
pass in the form presented.
The act of Congress which authorizes the
building of the canal should contain an ex
plicit and direct assertion of the right of the
United States to build, own and control said
canal absolutely free from European dicta
tion.
The Clayton-Bulwer treaty, as so clearly
shown by Mr. Hepburn, long ago ceased to have
any bindinc force by reason of the conduct of
Great Britain. That being true, we should
strictly adhere to the Monroe doctrine and
stand by our traditional policy that Europe
will not be permitted to lntermlddle with
Cls-Atlantic affairs. It Is to the Monroo doc
trine that we. as a republic, must look for
safety. We should never, under any circum-
Btances. even tacitly admit that Europe has
the rtcht to so much as Interrogate us on
American questions, much less to limit our
action.
After citing Blame in support of this
view, the report adds:
This is the fundamental principle of our na
tional independence, and no exigency should be>
sufficient to cause us to even momentarily lose
sizht of it.
Will Oppose the Measure.
Representative Adamson says the
changes in the bill were suggested, as he
understands, by the Rules Committee, in
answer to the petition filed for the con
sideration of the Hepburn bill. Adam«on
presented to the committee the petition of
125 Democratic members favorable to the
original bill at the same time that Hep
burn presented the petition of the Repub
lican members.
The only answer received by Adamson
was the statement made to him by Hep
burn that if the bill were amended a spe
cial rule for the consideration of the
measure could be secured. To this Adam
son dissented, stating that the petition
was for the original bill. He again ob
jected to the change when Hepburn made
known to-day that the rule for consider
ation could be secured if the amendments
suggested were authorized by the Com
mittee on Interstate and Foreign Com
merce. Under the circumstances, Adam
pon says, he will oppose on the floor of the
House the amendments omitting the
words "defend" and "fortification," as he
says, "the amendments emasculate the'bill
and surrender the case, leaving the bill
consistent with the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/
Loss of appetite, nervousness,
headache, sleepless nights, an
irritable temper and a wasting
of flesh marks the dyspeptic.
His stomach needs nerve force
to make it work, just as a steam
engine needs steam. When a
man finds that he is using up
his vital powers faster than
nature can replenish them it is
time for him to call a halt.
Soothe and quiet the irritated
nerves, strengthen and invig-
orate the stomach, give the
tired brain rest and sleep, and
he will get we'll. The quickest
way, the easiest way and the
best way to do this is to ask your
druggist for a bottle of
DOCTOR
Nervine
and give it a trial. Get a bottle
now, before your system is en-
tirely broken down and disease
gets a firm foothold.
"I suffered from chronic stomach
trouble and nervous prostration, for near-
ly two years. I could not sleep, had no
appetite, was nervous ar.d Irritable anrt
was unable to attend to my business. I
had been taking Dr. Miles" Nervine and
Xervc and Liver Pills but a few days
when my appetite returned and I could
sleep at night. I was soon restored to
good health, which I have enjoyed ever
since. ' A. A. BOCII. Decatur, Ind."
Sold at all drugpists on positive guaran-
tee. Write for free advice and booklet to
Dr. Miles' Medical Co , Hlkhart, Ind.
CHANGE OF FREIGHT
RATES TO THE EAST
Rearrangement of Schedules - An
nounced by Transcontinental
Lines.
NEW YORK, April 20.-It is announced
by a Wall street news agency that the
through-freight rates between the Pacific
Coast and all points south of the Ohio
and east of the Mississippi River wero
canceled to-day. All of the Interested
roads, including the Southern Pacific
have issued notices to that effect. As a
result of this action the transcontinental
rates east of the Mississippi River are
added to; the rate between San Francisco
and the river and the through rate ad
vanced In the exact amount of. the added
local, which ranges from SO cents per 100
pounds to $1, and more in some instances.
.-.. . ¦,-: • _ -
Hotel-Keeper Fined.
SANTA ROSA, April 20— Justice Brown
this morning sentenced Oscar Boehm, pro
prietor of the Hotel de Windsor at Wind
sor, to pay a fine of- $500 and serve six
months' Imprisonment for allowing tha
house to be used for Immoral jauxDosjia.,
ory. Sleepl6«wne*«, etc, csondby mm.
work anef InaMcretlo«s. x*S£ ZLu-kZ
me i..iow!i immediate improvamens and etfwta CTm"
upon receipt of pric*.. CiTvafmtriJ? "rap^r.
r\JAX REMEDY^.^earbornSt.
For Ml* la 3. F. by L*lpalU AcS^tJvL*
c«ntag» Drag Co.. Owl Prffco.7a fr/riSS*
¦IBlllllli^ ¦M'Uim _ HUH Mill ¦¦ ¦ • '
As a constitutional remedy, radically cures
catarrh* Acting primarily on the blood, .
eradicates scrofula, salt rheum or eczema,,
cures all eruptions, pimples, boils, blood
poisoning, humors, anaemia and that tired
feeling. In all stomach troubles, like indi-
gestion, dyspepsia, gastritis, it seems "ac-
tually to have "a magic touch." Invigorates
and sustains the Mdneys, stimulates
the liver, upon "whose healthy action even
life itself depends. It is a true nerve tonic,
because, by purifying the blood, it feeds the
nerves upon strength-fgiving food.
Testimonies without number tell what
Hood's Sarsaparilla has done for suffering
men, women and children, and indicate what
it will do for you and yours. Be sure to get
only JjVoo^*^^
LIQUOR MAY BE SOLD
OPENLY IN MILL VALLEY
Saloon Men Win Out and India Rub
ber Crackers Are a Thing of
the Past.
Fp^clal rMFjjatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 20.— Mill Valley Is
to have her saloons this summer and the
thirsty tourist will be able to expend his
beer money openly and obtain his steam
without the India rubber cracker pur
chase which generally played a prominent
part in former duck-chasing expeditions.
The man who is responsible for all this Is
Superior Judge Angellotti in virtue of his
Honor's decision rendered in favor of the
defendant in the case of the Mount Ta
malpais Land and Water Company vs.
Mclnnes et al.
In the deed formerly given each pur
chaser of the company s land a clause was
inserted prohibiting the sale of liquor on
Fuch land under penalty of forfeiture of
fame. John Mclnnes and John LandgralT
were the most persistent opponents of this
clause in the company's contracts, and
for nearly three years the merry war be
tween saloon men and the land company
has been waged. Many subterfuges were
resorted to by the saloon men in order to
checkmate the prohibitionists of the tem
perance town. The most common was the
"cracker gag." as It became known.
Every prospective drinker had to go
through the farce of receiving an India
rubber cracker before his liquor was
passed over to him.
This and other evasions rendered the
anti-liquor clause ridiculous, and the de
cision of Marin's Superior Judge has been
hailed with general satisfaction. ¦ In
February last Judge Angellotti sustained
the demurrer to the complaint of the li
quor men's attorneys, Lennon and Haw
kins, and denied the injunction the land
company sought to obtain against the li
quor retailers. Twenty days were granted
the corporation's attorneys to amend their
complaint against the saloon men and
their failure to do so In the given time
caused Messrs. Lennon and Hawkins to
seek final judgment In favor of their cli
ents with the result that the liquor men
can congratulate themselves on a big vic
tory.
NEGRO'S CRIME AVENGED.
Assailant of a White Girl Riddled
With Bullets.
BLUEFIELD. April 20.— News has
reached here that on Wednesday, at Taze
well, twenty miles west of. .here, John
Peters, colored, assaulted Miss Katie
Richie, a white girl. 16 years of age. and
escaped. Hloodhounds were used and he
was captured. Shortly after midnight
masked men stormed the .lail and secured
the negro, who confessed. A rope was
placed around his neck and he was
dragged 200 yards toward the woods.
Bullet after bullet was fired into Peter's
body while he was being dragged and
before the woods were reached he was
dead. The body was then hanged to a
tree.
*
Fight Among Indians.
'SANTA ROSA, April 20.— A bloody fight
took triace between four Indians on the
outskirts of town to-day. Two Indians
attacked two more, with the result that
they were badly battered. The injured
men were taken to the hospital and one
may die. The aggressors, have been
lodged in Jail. All had been drinking.
Wants a Larger Appropriation.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— Attorney
General Grlggs was before the House
Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to-day to urge an additional $900.
000 for the proposed new Department of
Justice building. '^mJßMgMHHßaß|
RUSHING WORK ON
SIBERIAN RAILWAY
..
Port Arthur and Vladivostok May
Be Connected by Rail by .Next
August.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— Minister Con
ger reports that the Russians are working
with feverish activity to finish the rail
road between Moukden and Vladivostok,
the eastern terminus of tha Siberian rail
way, and he says the belief is that Rus
sia's two great strategic points In the Far
East— Port Arthur and Vladivostok,
where she Is said to have garrisons var
iously estimated at from 120,000 to 200,000
men— will be connected by rail not later
than August of this year.
As a matter of fact there Is already un
interrupted steam communication between
St. Petersburg and the Pacific over the
Siberian railroad, though at present It is
necessary to use the river route on the
Shilka.for that part of the distance be
tween Strelensk and Khabarovsk. The
schedule from St. Petersburg to Vladivo
stok Is nineteen days. It Is expected that
the gap in the railroad now covered by
the water route will be completed In about
eighteen months.
Minister Conger also reports the com
pletion of tha Chinese railroad from Tien-
tsln to Newchwang, 348 miles lonr. The
new line from Tientsin to Chinchow Is
already paying 5 per cent on the invest
ment, and it Is expected that the entire
line when opened will return 30 per cent.
ALARMING SPREAD
OF PLAGUE IN SYDNEY
Terrified Citizens Axe Fleeing Prom
the Infected City in
Thousands.
VANCOUVER. April 20.— Dr. Bennett, a
celebrated Sydney, Australia, doctor, en
route to England, waa a passenger on the
steamship Mlowera. which arrived here
to-day from Australia. Dr. Bennett said
that when he left Sydney the plague
seemed to b« spreading with alarming
rapidity. The health authorities wer« un
able to control it and tnera were eeven
fresh cases a day In the city of Sydney
alone, to say nothing of the numerous
cases In the colony outside the city.
The latest Sydney papers at hand have
little else than plague news. The rush
of people to be Inoculated has overtaxed
the powers of the army of doctors flock
ing in from outside. The plague terror
has possessed the people, and they are
fleeing from the city In thousands. So
far, of the seventy-five, cases In Sydney,
all are clerks living In unsanitary lodg
ings.
The Mlowera brought passengers her*
from Honolulu, so that the quarantine
has evidently been relaxed there. These
passengers said that they were quaran
tined together and fumigated every day
for fifteen days before the arrival of the
steamer.
insists that an amicable settlement can
be arranged and repeats hia statement, al
ready published, that in view of the high
esteem in which he was held by the Sul
tan, and the fact of his acting in a diplo
matic capacity. Minister Straus was not
Justified in making the assertion that the
Sultan had broken his promise in regard
to the settlement of the claims.
WELLINGTON
IS NO LONGER
A REPUBLICAN
Withdrawal of the Maryland
Senator From the Party
Is Announced.
Refuses to Support the Administra
tion's Philippine Policy and
the Porto Eicon
Tariff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON*. April 20.-
Another Republican Senator, Wellington
of Maryland, will be shut out of the.party
caucus. He probably will vote with the
Republicans on most questions, but he
will occupy the position of an independent
and will be in the class with Senator
Teller of Colorado.
"I have been opposed to the acquisition
of the Philippines ai= a permanent policy,"
paid Senator Wellington to-day, when
asked about his course during the coming
campaign. "1 was opposed to the 15 per
cent <iiity on Porto Kican imports into
this country. This being my position, I
do not see mv way clear to support the
Philippine policy of the President and the
policy of levying a duty on Porto Rico
when they are embraced in the national
platform. 1 will Ftep aside. I do not in
tend to support a platform that is against
my convictions In such important par
ticulars. I do not intend to remain a
member cf the National Committee nor do
I intend to attend the Republican Nation
al Convention."
Senator Wellington said that his deci
sion did not mean that he would support
a candidate in opposition to President lie-
Kinley. It did mean that he would for the
time withdraw from any affiliations with
his party.
About one matter there is a diversity of
opinion. Senator Wellington takes it for
granted that he can withdraw from his
party for a time, the length of which he
will make to suit his convenience. When
he gets ready to do so he will return to
the fold.
According to Senator Hanna, a man
cannot shift his politics as he does his
coat. When Senator Wellington makes
up his mind to return as a. prodigal son he
may find. Senator Hanna fay?, that in
stead of pupping him on the fatted calf
he will be barred out of his oM home.
DEWEY HOPES TO WIN
SOUTHERN STATES
Admiral Disappointed Because Mr.
Cleveland's Recent Letter Did
Not Mention Him.
frp-clni rJ!n»tch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— Admiral
D*wcy is hesitating about issuing his
political Ftatement. Not only the admiral
but several of his friends are using up
<juite a good deal of gray matter In their
efforts to determine whether It would be
advisable for the Presidential candidate
to make any announcement of his position
on national Questions.
There are gentlemen close to the ad
miral who are urging him to speak and to
ppeak promptly. .There are others who
are impressing upon him the value of the
rule, "Silence is golden." The admiral Is
Inclined to regard this rule with favor
that now ts not the time for him to talk.
His mail and his callers assure him that
his candidacy is progressing favorably.
What Is there for him. to pain, he a«ks
himself, by Issuing a statement? The
p«ople know he Is a Democrat, they know
the character of the services he has per
formed for the country and they know
how he views many topics. To Rome ex
tent a statement would be a repetition of
what ha* already bfen stated. Therefore
why reapon for a statement?
The admiral at this rime rather favors
a policy of drifting. He thinks the time
to art is when an emergency arises. Ttie
ifuggeftion Jias been" made that h* should
make a public declaration of his views
on questions which will come before the
Kansas- City convention on the date of
the assembling of the delegates, or a few
clays earlier, so that its effect will be ring
ing In the delegates' ears.
The admiral- will give no indication of
¦what he proposes to do. savin r that while
he would like to oblige The Call, he feels
that he should not at this time violate
his "Silence is golden" rule. The ad
miral is closely watching political devel
opments in several States. His friends
are keeping him advised of the situation
and are actively endeavoring to break
the Bryan forces in his behalf. The ad
miral is particularly interested In Geor
gia and Texas. If the delegates in these
Btates can be torn away from the Bryan
movement and sent to Kansas City with
out instructions, or with instructions to
vote for the admiral, the latter believes
that the "Bryan South" will be trans
formed into a "Dewey South." Admiral
Dewey's friends appreciate the impor
tance of defeating Bryan in Alabama and
Texas, and thei?e two States will be, to
eozne «ortcnt, the preliminary skirmish
ground In the struggle between the Bryan
and the Dewey forces. V
Admiral Dewey's friends are somewhat
disappointed over the failure of former
President Cleveland to mention him
either directly or indirectly in his letter
of regret to the Thomas Jefferson dinner
of the Brooklyn Democratic Club. Mr.
Cleveland is recognized as favorable to
the admiral's candidacy, and it is said
that he might have given impetus to the
Dewey boom by inserting some references
to the admiral's candidacy in the letter
he sent to the club. There is reason to
believe that had Mr. Cleveland made
some pleasant reference to the admiral's
candidacy the statement of the political
views of the Manila hero would have
been forthcoming. The admiral's friends
are anxious, if it be determined ad\-isable
to make a statement, that it shall be is
sued at a happy moment and it may be
that the absence of fortuitous circum
stances has something to do with the in
decision of the admiral relative to its pub
lication.
TENNESSEE BOLTERS.
Republicans Put Two State Tickets
Into the Field.
NASHVILLE. Term.. April 20.—Tennes
see will have two Republican tickets In
the field In the coming election; likewise
two sets of delegates will go to the Na
tional Convention at Philadelphia. As
expected, the State convention split here
to-day, the Evans contingent walking
out and holding a convention of its own.
W. F. Poston of Crockett County is Its
gubernatorial selection, while John E.
McCall is at the head of the State ticket
named by the convention over which Con
gressman Brownlow presided.
Pension Commissioner Henry Clay
Evans will lead one delegation to the
National Convention, while the other will
be directed from the background by Con
gressman and National Commltteeman
Walter P. Brownlow. Both delegations
are instructed for McKlnley and both con
ventions indorsed the present national ad
ministration.
STAND TAKEN
BY STRAUS
IS APPROVED
Department Satisfied as to
the Accuracy of His
Statements.
In Commercial and Political Circles
Abroad the Firm Action of the
United States Is Gener
erally Commended.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 20.— The
firm attitude of the United States Gov
ernment regarding the claims of Ameri
cana, for losses and massacres In Armenia
is entirely approved in political and com
mercial circles, and it Is hoped that the
United States will steadfastly maintain its
demand, such a course being the only one
likely to succeed. It is thought that all
the powers should follow the same course,
not only concerning indemnities, but also
with regard to the increase of duty.
Negotiations regarding the American in
demnity are now being conducted in
Washington, owing to the presence there
of United States Minister Straus. When
the prohibition against American pork
was issued, Lloyd C. Griscom. American
Charge d'Affalres, addressed an energetic
note to the Porte.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— Secretary
Hay returned to Washington to-day from
Isew York. An accumulation of depart
mental business awaited him, but nothing
in the nature of an ultimatum directed to
the Turkish Government waa Included in
the mass of correspondence. It is ap
parent that, though determined upon posi
tive action, the State Department Is pro
ceeding decorously and with due precau
tions against being led into any position
which it cannot maintain. It may be
stated by authority that the State De
partment is entirely satisfied of the ac
curacy of Minister Straus' statement
relative to the promises made to him by
the Porte, notwithstanding the attempted
explanations and efforts to becloud the
issue by declaring that the Sultan's prom
ises were conditional. The Minister's dis
patches, sent while he was in Constanti
nople, are couched in exact terms; his
written statements were fully confirmed
by his oral explanations to the depart
ment upon his return to the United States,
and moreover the pledges he secured were
similar to those made to the two preced
ing United States Ministers to Turkey. In
the opinion of the State Department offi
cials, it Is inconceivable that three United
States Ministers should be successively
deceived in the terms of a promise or
should have reached similar misunder
standings.
The approval which the State Depart
ment's latest action seems to have re
ceived in Europe was anticipated, it being
realized here that several of the Conti
nental powers having claims similar to
our own against Turkey being themselves
prevented from initiating any forcible de
mands upon the Turkish Government by
reason of the jealousy of their neighbors
are entirely willing that the United States
Government shall act as a pioneer in this
matter and clear the way for a prosecu
tion of their own claims.
It Is also believed here that the Kuro
pean powers are hopeful that the attitude
assumed by the United States may indi
rectly serve to deter the Turkish Govern
ment from the proposed arbitrary in
crease of 3 per cent In customs duties
which it seeks to make in defiance of the
Joint protest of the European powers. It
appears that our Government is > lending
its moral support to this protest, for
while not joining with the others in the
combined note, our Charge, Mr. Griscom,
has been instructed to make representa
tions on our own account in opposition to
the increase of duties.
AH Ferrough Boy, the Turkish Minis
ter, said to-day that he probably would
hear from: his in a short
time concerning the American, claims. He
WASHINGTON, April 20.-The House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce to-day made an important
change in the Hepburn Nicaragua canal
bill, striking out the provision for the
"fortification" and thus providing what Is
expected to be a compromise which will
aid In bringing the measure to an early
consideration.
The amendment was proposed by Rep
resentative Barham of California. The
chairman of the committee was instruct
ed to offer the same upon consideration
of the bill at the proper time as a com
mittee amendment thereto. The amend
ment was agreed to. not without some ex
pressjon of reluctance, but with a view
to overcoming opposition and securing ac
tion. In its new form the section reads
as follows:
»u Be ,, U . Pnacted - etc-, that the President of
the United States be and Is hereby authorized
to acquire from the States of Ccata Rica and
Nicaragua, for and in behalf of the United
btates, control of such portion of the ter
ritory now belonging to Costa Rica and Nica
ragua as may be desirable and necessary on
which to. excavate, construct and protect a
canal of such depth as to enable the move
ment of ships of the greatest tonnage and draft
now in use. from a point near Greytown. on
the Caribbean Sea, via Lake Nicaragua, to
Brito on the Pacific Ocean, and such sum as
may b« necessary to secure such control Is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Section 2. That when the President has se
cured full control over the territory In the
section referred to he shall direct the Sec
retary of War to excavate and construct a
canal and waterway from the shore of the
Caribbean feea. near Greytown, by way of
Jt 1111 *^ 1 .- 11 ™ I^"*' to a P° lnt near Br 'to, on
the Pacific Ocean. Such canal shall be of
sufficient capacity and depth that It may be
used by vessels of the largest tonnage and
greatest depth now in use. and •hall be sup
plied with all necessary locks and other ap
pliances to meet the . necessities of vessels
passing from Greytown to Brito; and the Sec
retary of War shall also construct such safe
and commodious harbors at the termini of
said canal, and such provision for defense as
may be necessary for the safety and protec
tion of said canal and harbors.
Early Action on the Bill.
Following the announcement of the
changes In the bill, Hepburn said that it
had been definitely arranged that the
House would take up the canal hill on
May 1 and 2. Although the Committee on
Itules had taken no formal action yet
this appears to be the definite *. under
standing. Hepburn says the passage of
the bill is unquestionable.
The main dissent to the change in the
bill came from Adamson of Georgia, who
desired to have the words "fortify" and
"defend" retained as against any doubt
ful or compromising phrase.
Barham, upon whose motion the
changes were effected, said:
The changes are designed to overcome ob
jections which have been raised, and I have
reason to believe they will accomplish that
end and make the bill generally acceptable.
GREAT GATHERING OF MEN
OF PROTESTANT RELIGIONS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900
COMPROMISE ON
THE CANAL BILL
House Committee Decides to Strike
Out the Fortifications
Provision.
Hepburn Announces That the Measure Will Be
Taken Up on May 1 and Is Certain
to Be Passed.
VTM ¦TfIVT fISSk VL. JkM ill *^«™TCTfc 2TX
M 3 JrBnJLMLJJjJfIGaL friL nr\ fit
IQ¦ ¦¦ SMBB SB — w gk mga Sfil
m! 9 m km E«sl Km Bai S3 I EsSS
n fl B En »™a DS WSm D K&wl Ea
J<f~***\ STRICTLY
M \ RELIABLE
I *£f] DR. TALCOTT
jlli?f|r & co *
/ \^\jft»rfy Diseases and Treak-
IfPp!fT MEN ONLY.
"l\ \/*// // »97 K»rk»t Bt. Cor. «Ul
I / Entire Upper Floor.
X 3.1 RGB Conducted nndsr ths
American and Euro-
all U manner that will sat-
" Isfy the most exacting
Grsnd and p articuia * taste.
- 1400 rooms— 000 with
Hotels I
2The famous author describes his observations while traveling on Num
ber Three, a hospital tram, in Cape Colony, picking up the sick and wounded
Tommy Atkinses, who are gathered from all sections of Britain 's vast empire,
fighting against the burghers for their mother country.
(Copyright, 1900, by . Rudyard Kipling.)
All the world over, nursing their scars, . ,
Sit the poor fighting men broke in our wars,
. . ' Sit the poor fighting men. surly and grim,
; Mocking the lilt of the conqueror's hymn.
Dust of the battle o'erwhelmed them and hid—
Fame never found them for aught that they did.
Wounded and spent, to the lazar they drew.
Lining the road where the legions went through.
Sons of the Laurel, that press to your meed-
Worthy God's pity most ye that succeed—
Ye that tread triumphing crowned toward the stars,
Pity poor fighting men broke in our wars!
THE sun had faded the red cross on her panels almost to brick color, had
warped her woodwork and blistered her paint. For three months she
had jackaled behind the army, now at Belmont, now at Magersfontein,
now at Rensburg, and in that time had carried over 1300 sick and
wounded.
In her appointments, her doctors, her two nursing sisters and her nineteen
'orderlies there was neither veneer nor pretense, coquetry of uniform nor the
suspicion of official side.
She was starkly set for the work in hand, her gear worn smooth by use and
habit, detailed for certain business only, and to that business most strictly at
tending 1 .
As she started from no known platform I came aboard early, and while we
lay silent as a ship in port, the big stock-pot purring in the kitchen, the bottles
clicking in the pharmacy as the doctor counted them over, I felt that peace had
never been in our generation— that number three, hospital train, iodoform
scented, washed, scrubbed and scoured, had plied since the beginning of time.
Know now that hospital trains have the right of way over all traffic, and
since their crews feed aboard them need only stop to water and change engines.
We slipped out of Cape Town into the twilight at a steady twenty-five mile
an hour on our 600-mile journey north.
Some day you in England will realize what it means to handle armies and
their supplies over this distance on a single three-foot-six line.
The war has been a war of shunting and sidetracking, of telegraphs and
timetables; so we may hope that the railway men, who have worked like devils,
will not be overlooked when the, decorations come ripe.
.Because the line runs through Cape Colony, and because Cape Colony is—
we have the highest authority for it— loyally trying to be "neutral," every
bridge, every culvert, every point at which the line may be cut or blown up
was guarded by a little detachment of armed men.
These are drawn chiefly .from local corps, such as the Duke of Edinburgh's
Own Volunteer Rifles. They, do not like the work; they love still less the "loy
alty" which has made the fatigue necessary.
Said a dust-spotten. begrimed sergeant of the "Duke's" as Number Three,
double-headed, panted up the Hex River Pass into the karroo: "We've been
here since November. I don't mind telling you we're pretty sick of it. We
sit here and patrol the line. Lovely work!"
The setting of the picture hardly varied a hair's breadth.
The single track, lifting and dancing In the heat; the brown, hairless hills
dusted with split stones; the sleek mirage, the knot of khaki figures, the dingy
tents, repeated themselves as though we were running in circles.
Here was a water tank. Number Three drank of it, sucking thirstily; here
was a speckle of ten houses and a refreshment room, which we had no need
to enter; here was a new laid siding, and Number Three flung them all behind
her; but from the men with rifles, the red eyed, bristle bearded, disgusted
truck watchers, there, was no escape.
Suddenly we overhauled a trainload of horses, Bhownagar's and Jamna
gar's gifts to the war; stolid saices and a sowar or two in charge.
"Whence dost thou come?"
"From Bombay, with a Sahib." He looked like a Hyderabad!, buf he had
taken off most of his clothes.
"Dost thou know the name of this land?"
"Dost thou know whither thou goest?"
"What, then, dost thou do?"
"I go with my. Sahib."
Great is the East, serene and Immutable. We left them feeding and water
ing as the order was. ,¦'.-¦¦*¦¦¦ ...
A few miles farther on— forty or fifty are of no account in this huge place
were guns, infantry and buck wagons, rumbling toward De Aar, and, I think.
New South Wales Lancers. Then a Victorian contingent camped by the way
side, happier than the "Duke's," because they were nearer the front, but wrath
ful in that certain Canadians still farther up the line had the audacity to make
a camp called Maple Leaf.
They wanted news of the Burmah Military Police — long men on little clock
work ponies, recently landed and vanished. Corps have a knack" of disappear
ing bodily in this country.
Of the Burmans I knew nothing, but could furnish Information more or less
Injured by a Saw.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROSEBURG, Or., April 29.— George Cu
ta'ck had part of his hand cut oft to-day
by. a circular saw at a place near Com
stocks. | He was sawing shingles and while
brushing away a splinter his hand was
caught by the saw.,
ners in the face of a heavy rifle flre dur
ing the fighting December 15. and later
assisted in • bringing in Major Roberts,
son of General Roberts,\who lost his life
while attempting to rescue the guns. The
latter feat of Major Babtie was also ac
complished under a severe fusillade.
GUERRILLA WARFARE.
LONDON, April 21.— The Ladysmith
correspondent of the Daily News says:
"The Boers in Natal are commencing a
guerrilla warfare. Both the Transvaal
ers and the Free Staters are compelling
tho natives to' bear arms. General. Bul
ler has ordered all the farmers between
Ladysmith and the Drakensberg range to
retire to Estcourt."
HOPE LIES IN INTERVENTION.
CAPE TOWN, April 20.— At a meeting of
the Volksraad of the Orange Free State
at Kroonstad to-day President Steyn de
nounced Lord Roberts' proclamation as
"treachery," and declared that as Great
Britain's object "was their destruction,
their last hope was to appeal to the civ
llzed powers to Intervene." .*»•'.¦
WILL INTERVIEW LEYDS.
PARIS, April 20.— James Francis Smith,
the American District Telegraph boy, who
Is bearing to President Kruger a message
of sympathy, from Philadelphia and New
York schoolboys, has arrived here. He
will sail from Marseilles April 26. but be
fore leaving he will have an interview
with Dr. Leyds at The Hague.
BOER GENERALS PROMOTED.
PRETORIA, April 20.— Major General
Schalkberger has been gazetted Vice
President (in succession to the late Gen
eral Joubert), and General Louis Botha
has" been gazetted acting commandant
general (succeeding General Joubert In
command of the Transvaal forces).
WITHDRAW AL FROM NATAL.
LONDON, April 21.— The Ladysmith
correspondent of the j Standard says:
"There Is good reason to believe that
the Boer raids are intended to cover the
enemy's withdrawal from Natal In order
to help the Boers in opposing the advance
of Lord Roberts.''
. •
SAW BRITISH FORTIFICATIONS.
BRANDFORT, Orange Free State.
April 19.— General Delarey' has returned
fronv. a reconnoissance in force east of
therailroad to the Modder. River. He re
ports that he met only a few scouts, but
that he saw British fortifications all along
the hills.
General White, if not required In South
Africa, will go as Governor of Gibraltar
toward the end of May.
m
INCESSANT RAINS
IMPEDING TRAFFIC
LONDON. April 21.— The Bloemfonteln
correspondent of the Morning Post, tele
graphing April 19. says: "There Is already
a thirty-foot flood of the Caledon River,
which Is reported to be still rising. All
the drifts on the Modder River are Im
passable. Traffic Is temporarily Inter
rupted southward, the water having
washed the ballast from the line of the
railway. The country about Bloemfon
teln Is so deep in mud that the farmers'
carts are unable to reach the town. We
had a heavy rain last night. To-day the
weather Is Improving, but progress will
be Impossible until the roads are better.
Strenuous efforts are being made to re
arrange the transport to meet the re
quirements of the large army, The task
Is one of considerable difficulty, necessi
tating the transfer of transport animals
and causing consequent sadness to those
who have spent the last five weeks In get
ting their own beasts into condition.
However, there -is no other solution of
the problem possible.
"In view of 'the impending advance
anxiety increases among the troops con
cerning the future of the garrison, at
Bloemfonteln, every one hating the
thought of being left there. There has
been no increase of sickness."
?— '
BOER STRENGTH ALONG
THE BIGGARSBERG RANGE
ELANDS LAAGTE, Thursday, April 19.
Yesterday the British patrols discovered
another party of Boers on the British left
In the same position from which the ene
my, recently fired on the South African
Horse. In this Instance, however, there
was no firing.
. Natives confirm recent statements with
respect to the fortifications and strength
of the Boers along the Biggarsberg range.
The enemy have recently established a
large hospital, which is already filled, and
similar hospitals are being established by
them at various railway towns.
The Boers are losing many horses. The
rank and file are not allowed to forage for
supplies. Their sugar Is exhausted and
only bush tea Is available.
The Boers are reported to, wish to leave
the Biggarsberg and take up a' position* at
Majuba, but the commandants refuse.
DESULTORY CANNON
FIRE AND SNIPING
MASERU. Basutoland, April 19— The
Boers continue to move freely around
Wepener, goinjr ; .Jn all directions from
which relief columns are expected. De
sultory cannon fire and sniping have
been going on all day, with scarcely any
reply from Colonel" Dalgety's force.
The Caledon River rose considerably
during the night. This made the Boers
uneasy, as' they fear separation. Some
re-enforcements have arrived for them,
coming apparently from Thaba Nchu,
or in that direction.
Our casualties up to date are believed
to have been" twenty-five killed and 110
wounded.
Owing to the heavy rains and clouds
heliographing has been impossible for the
last two days.
The Boers who lately surrendered in
the Wepener district have been forced
again with violence to fight. Ten of their
leaders have been arrested.
President Steyn has issued orders ¦" to
the Boer forces to hold tight to the grain
districts of Wepener, Ladybrand anvi
Ficksburg, from which they draw their
food supplies, and also to prevent the
British forces from getting the rich sup
plies now in those districts.
HEAVY BOER LOSS
SUSTAINED AT WEPENER
ALIWAL NORTH, ' April 20.— Captain
Little of Brabant's Horse. Lieutenant Hol
beck and Mr. Milne, a Reuter correspond
ent, fell Into the hands of the enemy while
they were trying to reach Wepener a week
ago. Everything was taken from the pris
oners, who were sent to Pretoria; Their
native servants, who escaped from the
Boer laager, near Wepener. Bay that there
were four guns disabled and that the
Boers had lost 100 in killed alone.
It is also ascertained that the Boers
made a night attack on April 11. but were
discovered while creeping along a deep
ditch by Cape Mounted Rifles with Max
ims, who fired Into them at a distance of
200 yards, with the result that the Boers
lost five wagonloads of killed and wound
ed. ¦ ' - .<"¦•'"::•.¦¦->
A simultaneous attack In other quarters
was repulsed by the British, who used
their bayonets.
The Boers still surround Wepener, but
there has been little firing lately.
TROUBLE ON WEST COAST.
LAGOS. British West Africa. April 20.—
Three hundred Nigerian troops have'been
dispatched overland to the Gamaji coun
try northwest of Ashanti, where the Bri-'
tish residents report a recrudescence of
trouble which . necessitated the expedition
of last year. One hundred and fifty other
troops are proceeding from the gold coast.
There ) are .unconfirmed rumors here of
(rouble with the , French at Meko in the
Yeruba country. In the neighborhood of
the Dahomey frontier. Owing to the dis
tance, however, this can hardly be con
nected with the troubles in Ashanti and
Gaman.
FOR BRAVERY IN BATTLE.
LONDON, April 20.— The Gazette an
nounces that the Queen has conferred the
Victoria cross on Major- William Babtie
of the army medical corps, for : bravery
at the battle "of Colenso. Major. Babtie
went ¦to the assistance of wounded gun-
Boers Line Up in Battle Array to Prevent the Further Ad
vance of Lord Roberts' Forces.
FIGHTING RENEWED IN THE FREE STATE.
Special cable to The Call and New York' Her
*!d. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LOXDOX. April 2L-Two important
statements, pointing strongly to the
probability that Lord Roberts' ad
vance to Pretoria has already be
gun, come frcm the field of war.
According to a dispatch from Ladysmith
It is authoritatively reported that the
Boers are retiring from the Biggarsberg
rang© with their heavy ordnance. Prob
ably they have heard of Roberts' ad
vance, and axe naturally anxious to make
sure of their line of retreat; or they may
purpose to take up a more easily de
fended position, allowing part of their
force to be transferred to the army in the
Free State.
"From the movement of the Boers,"
adds the correspondent, "it would ap
pear that General Buller will go forward
simultaneously with Lord Roberts, and
that the forced inaction of the vast army
at Bloemfonteln Is now at an end."
The other fact tending to the same de
duction Is that telegrams from the Or
ange Free State are severely censored,
not a word being allowed to reach the
press respecting the movements of
troops.
Fighting is reported at Karee Siding,
north of Glen, which Is twenty miles or
more from Bloemfontein. The fighting
does not, however, appear to have been
serious, and was probably little more
I than the outposts skirmishing. There
would seem to be at least one division
near Karee Siding, which is the most
northerly point occupied by Roberts'
forces so far as known.
General Cnermside and General Rundle
are moving over the sodden roads. Rain
was still falling when they went Into
camp Thursday afternoon eighteen miles
west of Dewetdorp. They hold the rail
way and the southern frontier of the
Free State with 20.000 .men.
How many are going with the generals
who will engage the Boers at Wepener
is not mentioned in the latest dispatch
from Oorloj^sport. where the British
blxouacked Wednesday night. The field
J telegraph ends there.
| On Thursday the Boers still had
j Colonel Dalgetty closely penned up.
The Government's reason for publish
ing Lord Roberts' Splon Kop dispatch
was explained last evening at Hull by
Walter Hume Long, president of the
Board of Agriculture, who said that the
country was entitled to receive all the
information the Government could give.
"The Government is told." continued
Mr. Long. "that, having published the
dispatches, it Is bound to deal immedi
ately with the g-enerals affected : but.
In following such a course, the Govern
ment might have to dismiss every general
the moment he made a mistake. Had
such a policy been pursued In the past
many glorious deeds would not have
! been performed. The Government uses
its discretion in publishing the dls
| patches. From the beginning of the cam
| paign her Majesty's Ministers have not
} swerved from the rule of leaving ; the
I conduct of operations to the discretion
and Judgment of the commandcr-in
chief."
RUDYARD KIPLING.
"WITH NUMBER THREE" BY RUDYARD KIPLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
I'IS.BIfiPD'VIEEP 8
—net Bkln deep, as some peo-
\ pie Imagine. If » woman has
a clear, healthy - looking
complexion It Is owing- to
the pureness of h"er blood. If •
ehe has a muddy complex-
I lon and blemishes it Is due to
poor circulation and Impure
blood.
Every Woman
Can Improve
Her Complexion
—temporarily with cosmet-
ics but permanently with •
EL.ECTROZONE Is known
to-day as the most effectual
cradlcator of ' Impurities
frcm the blood.
Hundreds
of Thousands of Women
throughout the world Indorse
ELECTROZON'B as the best
of blood purifiers.
Purify Your Blood
With ELECTROZONE
ar.d you can defy disease.
All Druprgists sell ELDC-
TTiOZONE. $1 a bottle. Send
for Pamphlet to ELECTRO-
ZONE AFO. Co.. San Fran-
cisco.
accurate of some Malay Light Horse lately seen in Cape Town, and of some
Yeomanry details.
"Ah!" said Australia, with a rifle, by the water* tank, "wait till you see our
Queensland bushmen. My word! They're something."
Then he expressed a private and unprintable opinion about those arrogant
Canucks up the line, which opinion twisted the other way I got back again
from a Canadian, an Eastern Province man. a few hours later.
Strictly in confidence, I may tell you the colonial corps are riding just the
least little bit In the world jealous. They have each the honor of a new coun
try to uphold, and it is neck and neck between them.
So I sat Joyously on the rear platform while Number Three ran the links
of empire through my hands.
English of the Midlands, Cockney, Scotch. Irish, Welsh, Africa-born,
Queenslander (he had been In the Sunnysido "daur" and "blew" furiously).
Victorian and Canadian — one after another, we picked them up and dropped
them with a flying word.
/ There was nothing wrong with that chain, and by the same token it seemed
to have got hold of something at last, for a truckload of Boer prisoners slid by
in charge of a few disreputable bearded cornets.
"Ho?" said an orderly, critically. "And where did you pick them up?"
"Round Paardeberg. There's more to follow. Most of these is Transvaal
ers -" ' ¦ -
"That's all right," said the orderly.
The army, you see, is collecting Transvaalers and has come a long way for
samples.
"An' which might be prisoner and which is guard?"
Said the head cornet, with a battered helmet, "I'm a sergeant of the North
amptor.s in charge."
"Oh, you are, are you? Then what are you doin' with Labby's friends?
Take 'em along. Mr. Labouchere won't be pleased at you."
But the sergeant was mightily pleased, save that his prisoners had not
washed tor some time. He said It.
Then we drew to the home of lies, which is De Aar— a Junction, the pivot
of many of our maneuvers and a telegraph center.
It smelled like Umbala platform in the hot weather, and they kept a hell
there of fifty naked telegraph operators, sweating under* the blazing kerosene
lamps, each man with two pairs of hands and some extra ears.
Outside was thick darkness, and the shunting of trucks — thousands of
trucks— but the steady boom of the racing instruments beat through all other
noises like the noise of hiving bees.
There was some need to work, and at least one very good reason in the
shape of a big saloon that glided past us in the night, a lit window revealing
just a chair and a neat empty table.
The Sirdar was on the move; going down to Naauwpoort to arrange sur
prises, and it is not at all healthy to be idle when Kitchener passes by.
Therefore, and before this war is over, you will hear all sorts of baseless
tales from a certain type of officer who has been made to work; and you must
not believe them.
After De Aar time-tables ceased.
We were cut adrift on the Sargasso sea of accumulated rolling stock be
tween that place^and Orange River.
Here the rumors begin.
There has been a killing— a big killing— the first satisfactory killing— at
Paardeberg, up the Modder. Roberts held Cronje in a ring of flre, burning day
and night. That was none of our concern.
We had some news that many wounded waited for us at Modder — thirty
officers, at least, and twice as many men — all more or less bad cases.
Here and there one could catch the name of a dead man, and the sister's
lips tightened.
Was So-and-so alive? Well, he was a week ago — some one had seen him.
And Such-another? Oh, Such-another had been buried a week back.
Could Number Three go ahead? Oh, yes: but there was a block at the
Modder. and Kimberley was sending down a trainful.
Number Three whistled madly. Her business was to get up, load and get
away again. Belmont, with the bullet holes through the station name board,
interested her not. nor Graspan either. She had been that road too often— hot
on the heels of the very fight itself. She checked despairingly, fifth in a line
of long trains on the red smear of Modder Plain. The old bridge, wrecked by
the Boers, was now all but repaired.
At present Number Three would go over the trestle, but as to when Number
Three would get across authority could not say, and whistling was Just waste
of steam.
Merciful rain had laid the dust, which normally lies ten inches thick, and
one could look all across the brick red land.
By this time you probably know more about Modder than I; "will have seen
a hundred photographs of the naked, coverless plain that tilts to th« thin line
of trees and the dirty little river; lifting again northward, as a slow wave of
the Atlantic lifts, toward Shooters Hill, where the naval gun played.
North of this again, a bluish lump in the morning light, rises Magersfon
teln.
At that precise moment, but the camp fills and empties as swiftly as the
river, most of our men were out with Roberts nearly thirty miles to the west
ward. Vast empty acreages showed where their accommodations had stood.
Men. horses and wheels had wiped out every trace of herbage, and the dimin
ishing: perspective of their patient single files attested how far afield the camp
oxen must go to graze. Horsemen by twos and threes wandered forth attack
ing interminable distances in which they were swallowed up. Sidings solid
with trucks spurred left and right across the plain, and the trucks on the main
line backed up to the very shoulders of the resetters repairing the bridge.
(SECOND INSTALLMENT MONDAY, APRIL 23.)
ADVERTISEMENTS, i •'?
; Women Suffering with Backache are Requested I $ . iffih TTI
; to Read These Letters From Women Who I. QxWiiMflll:
' Have Been Cured of it by Lydia E. Pink- J*'J . rJ^T
' ham's Vegetable Compound. I ?(^T\
\ Could Not Sleep ¦ l^^^^_ \& V ' f-A.'
\ " Deab Mrs. Pixkham :— I though thatl would J^^^^vf «\^V T J
' let you know how much good Lydia E. Pink- V* yaEptlg »ILLw» 1 LLw *-*"'
\ ham's Vegetable Compound has done me. Before v_/^|?S^ : '.
' taking it I suffered very much with backache, jPSi»^&jJ
' could not sleep nights. Now, thanks to your -*«§Vv\v^kvvss^
' medicine, I rest very well every night and
' am better than I have been for years. I want -.
' every woman to know what your Vegetable fs^^^^k
' Compound has done for me. I know it will y7/ZA^Mlll ))! >ff ==^^z&
' help others if they will only give it a trial." — r//^^XC^\m)sQ J^^jift 8!"8 !"* 7
', Miss Grace Coltox, Oswego Falls, X. Y. V/^^O^W^V^^^^i
' Backache and Headache I |
' " Dear Mns. Pixkham : — I had headache and jHJSSs&Ii^wA 1 I I
' backache, was -nervous all the time. I have yt&jßwjSsjwStti I I
', taken five bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta- Em^^wS^^^m 1 I
' blc Compound and have had better health since I
', talcing it than I have had for ten years. lam KS^^S^^^W^jl 1
' stronger than I was and weigh more than I ever
' did. I think it is the best medicine on earth and
' have recommended it to others. May Cod bless
', you for the good you have done to suffering
; women." — Mrs. Margaret Wild, Clover Hh^^^^^^^^i^l
- Profuse Menstruation
' " Dear Mrs. Pixkhasi : — My trouble was
'"profuse menstruation, lasting- from one to 6^^^^^^^^;^^f^^4
¦ twelve weeks. The flow was so great I flMßflMMßßn^^g^^M
' thought I could not live over night. I had #**pM§i||3^wl^ r^ '
- pains in my right side very severe at times, j^^^^'S^^CT^t^^S
\ hot flashes so that I thought I would burn ¦
¦ up. I had to stay in bed nearly all the time
' for two years and six months. I had two j^^^^^^^^a^a^^ffl
¦ doctors but they did me no good. My neigh- R^^^^^^S^^^i
; bors thought that I could not live. While I |gaj|K 1
¦ was in this condition, a lady gave me some of
' your medicine. I began its use at once and
¦ in two days felt that it was doing me good. I
\ soon got out of bed and commenced to do mv m%s££&&^r *
work, something I had not done for over two '
' years. I continued taking your medicine and now feel as though I was '
' , young again. My changes are now regular and people are telling me how i
'. -well I look. I tell them that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound '*
did it *IL"— Almeda R. Duxlap, 29 S. Kent St. Winchester, Va. j
! Thirty years of constant success is the record of -
LYDIA E. PINKHAM'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND i
3UNDERGROUND
RAILWAY FOR
THE COOLIES
Japs Systematically Smug
gled In ! From British"
Columbia.
CUSTOMS GUARDS EVADED
Little Brown Men Are Flocking to
Washing-ton So Rapidly That an
Appeal Has Been Made for
More Inspectors. ;
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON. April 20.—Assist
ant Secretary Taylor of the Treas
ury Department has received a
telegram from the Immigration
Inspector at Port Townsend,
Wash., in which he states that
1000 Japanese • immigrants were
landed at that port yesterday and
2200 are expected to arrive to-njor
row. In consequence of this sud
den increase of the arrival of Ori
entals he Is unable to make the
necessary examinations unaided
and asks for authority to employ
additional help. Mr. Taylor - has
wired him authority to employ
three emergency assistants.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 20.— 1t has been
developed that the majority of the pen
packed mass of humanity, which is still
huddled In' the fllth on the steamer Mllos
here, the customs officers: refusing to en
ter the steamer, as she has no clearance
from Kobe, has not sufficient boats; and is
not large enough to carry as many, pas
sengers as she brought, are to be smug
gled across the border in the»vlcihlty of
Blame, where it is alleged there is a reg
ular underground railway. - Hundreds
cross the line here, it has been learned,
every night or two, evading the customs
guards.
This information was learned by the
United States Consular Office here as a re
sult of Inquiries occasioned by the fact of
the, numbers daily .. leaving here. Evi
dence is fast accumulating that the rail
roads and corporations in -the United
States have agents in Japan operating
through officials in that country to . get
pauper. Japanese to come to this side.
The agents ship. to American ports all
who can pass the necessary physical ex
amination, supplying each with the nec
essary $30 in cash. A* prominent shipping
man to-day said the emigration fever has
evidently struck Japan with respect to the
shipping of thousands of young Japanese
this way/ He says the Japanese emigra
tion companies have agents 'among the
Municipal reports «.«»
Poundkeepor's expenses 900
Prisoners' subsistence - 45,000
Stationery «nd vrintlng for city and _
county officers 24> ZS
Public buildings, furniture for 6.000
Fourth of July and Memorial day Z.W
Telephone service 15.000
Urgent necessity 3292
Water for municipal purposes JSS.OOO
Maintenance of minors— Magdalen Asy
lum • W.OOO
State schools J.gw
Non-sectarian schools 3.000
Feeble-minded children 20.000
Examination of Insane ••••••••;;*,: .J'SJS
Lighting streets and public buildings... 300,000
Executive Department—
Mayor's office / 13.800
Auditor's office 13.600
Assessment roll 14.5C0
Assessor's office 84.200
Coroner's office 16.6C0
Recorder's office 29.600
Tax Collector's office 73,100
Treasurer's office 14,200
For th© fiscal year Just ending tha ex«
penses of the city • government as esti
mated by the Board of Supervisors were
$5,257,303. which has been Increased by
resolutions to $3,370.058 05, or $14,613 95 leas
than what It will cost to run the govern
ment for the next fiscal year.
The demands as sent In by the various
departments exceeded $7,000,000, but by
careful pruning by the Auditor the cur
rent expenses have been reduced to $5,163.
700 and brought well within the dollar
limit.
•^v? UDITOR "WELLS submitted to the
// \\ Board of Supervisors yesterday an
Jf of the expenditures and
revenue of the municipal govern
ment for the fiscal year ending: June 30,
1901. The Auditor estimates that a rate
of $.945 for every $100 on a total valuation
of $400,000,000 will be sufficient for the cur
rent expenses, apportioned as follows:
General, pound fee, police contingent,
police relief and pension fund, fire
man's relief and pension fund,, unap
portloned fee fund, etc SlS^o
School fund HB»
Library fund -0»50
Total 9^oo
To this must be added $.055 for new Im
provements to bo designated by the Su
pervisors and amounting to $220,000. The
total tax rate for city purposes as fixed
by the Auditor is exactly $1.
The park, interest and sinking funds are.
not Included In the current expenses ac
cording to the provisions of the charter
limiting the amount of the expenditures
of the several funds. The rate for these
items follows:
Park Improvement fund 0695
Interest account, park Improvement bonds,
1874-75 003S
Sinking fund, park Improvement bonds,
1574-75 • -0025
Total 0753
In a communication to the board Audi
tor Wells says:
In making the following detailed estimate of
expenditures I have taken into consideration
the amounts for salaries authorized by the
charter, and In all other instances I have
carefully estimated what. In my Judgment. Is
proper and sufficient for the requirements of
the several departments. I was compelled to
materially reduce the Itemized statements sub
mitted by the various departments in order
to conform the budget to the limit provided In
the charter. I have also taken Into considera
tion the desires of the people regarding the
matter of new improvements, and as you will
note have set aside $220,000 for such purposes.
I therefore respectfully recommend to your
honorable body the application of the above
amount for such permanent improvements as
in your Judgment may be deemed expedient.
The statement of expenditures of the
different departments follows:
Legislative Department—
Supervisors (eighteen) ; 121.800
Clerk 3.600
Assistants 11.4C0
Sergeant at arms 1.200
Expert of Finance Committee 2.100
Clerks of Board of Equalization 900
Advertising for city and county officers IS.noo
Burial of Indigent dead 4.5C0
Interment of ex-Union soldiers and
sailors 2.500
Judges of Superior Court m'soo
City Attorney's office f'-frj
District Attorney's office ?««£»
County Cl-rks oftlce i ray»
Jury expenses In criminal cases *•££'
Orand Jury -.-• • 3 "
Justices' Court --Justices of the Peace
(five), clerk and assistants « iJw
Law and motion calendar «»irt
Law librarian and messenger .•••• a.""
Police Judges (four), stenographers
(three) jj-?^
Sheriffs office *?*~
County Jails *- wo
Board of Public Works-Bureau of En
gineering, Bureau of Streets, re
pairs, etc 52*52
Police Department 81 MS
Police patrol W> M!
Department of Public Health M.o>«
Almshouse J2.C00
City and County Hospital S'J.W" 1
Department of Electricity 8-4.01*
Fire Department TOMS?
Department of Elections 1C.63j
Civil Service Department 9.100
Department of Public Schools 1.2 M.000
Free Public Library frXOCO
Grand total expenditures $3,153,700
The estimated revenue other than from
taxes follows:
General, library, police contingent, school fund,
pound fee. etc. —
Fees of city and county officers $l*3.o<v>
Fines imoosed in Police courts Sl.OOO
Fines imposed In Superior courts - 1.000
Fines Free Library 2.CCO
Licenses 4C<\ooO
Percntaße In franchises 12.500
Fercentaee collateral Inherltancs
(Treasurer) 1.000
Subsistence U. S. prisoners 7.000
Subsistence county prisoners 1.500
Sundries ..." IO.OW
Percentage on poll tax 14.000
Rents JS™
State apportionment of school moneys. «75.cv>
Rents cf Lincoln Srhool lots 41.000
Collateral Inheritance tax 20.CP0
Other sources 9.200
Total fl, 333. TOO
INTEREST ACCOUNT.
Park Improvement Bonds, 1374-73 —
Coupons required for the fiscal
year 1300-01 113.0C0
SINKING FUND.
Park Improvement - Bonds, 1574
75: Bonds due July 1, 1904; for
Sinking Fund required (4)—
Bonds outstanding C30.0C0
Cash on hand (estimated) 206.C00 fII.OCO
H4.000
One-fourth at par JII.OCO
PARK IMPROVEMENT FUND.
Maintaining and improving public
parks, squares, etc CSO.OOQ
Estimated revenue from taxes J27S.CCO
From other sources IC.OOO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
iiifeiilP
L. W. KXAPP. M. D.
How any man may quickly cure .himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele. etc.. aad en-
Urge small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr. I*.
W. Knapp. 1373 Hull Bids., Detroit. Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
directions, so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most gen-
erous offer, and the following extracts taken
from his dally mall show what men think of
his generosity:
"Dear Sir: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have srlven your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
NATIONAL LEAGUE GAMES.
New York and Philadelphia Defeat
Brooklyn and Boston.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Club—. W. li. Pet. Club— . "W. 1». Pet.
Philadelphia. 2 0 1000 New York.... 11 .500
St. Louis 1 0 1000 Cincinnati ... 0 1 .000
Chicago 1 0 lOOOjßoston 0 2 .000
8r00k1yn....! 1 .600|pntsbur«; ...0 1 .000
NEW YORK. April 20.— Th« New Yorks
scored a well-earned victory over the Brook
lyns at the Polo Grounds this afternoon. The
Brooklyns began with a rush, but the substi
tution of Doheny for Seymour In the third In
ning saved the . day. ' Attendance. 4200. .Score:
Clubs—" R. H. E.
New York H IS 4
Brooklyn ........'.... 8 ' \- 7j%rY~;l
Batteries — Seymour, Doheny and Grady; Kit
eon, Dunn and McGuire. Umpire, Kmslle.
PHILADELPHIA. April 20.— The baseball
season opened here to-day under auspicious cir
cumstances. The attendance was of the holi
day order and the spectators had the •satisfac
tion of seeing Philadelphia defeat Boston In a
closely contested eleven-inning grame. It was
a pitchers' battle and Nichols appeared to have
the better of It; but his support was not equal
to that of Frazer. Boston's defeat was the re
sult of two consecutive errors by Lowe In the
eleventh inning. Attendance, 13,744. Score:
Clubs— R. H. ' E.
Boston ............... '......'..V.... .."•.. 4 9 6
Philadelphia B 7 2
Batterle3— Nichols. Sullivan and Clarke; Fra
zer. and McFarland. Umpire. Connolly.
CINCINNATI. April 20.— N0 rajno with Chi
cago; rain. •
ST. : LOUIS. April 10.— The St. Louls-Pltts
burg game scheduled for to-day was postponed
on account of rain.
Boxer Killed by a Blow.
HAMILTON, Ohio, /April 20.— Elmer
Harris, aged seventeen, I fell dead " last
night at the end of a four-round friendly
bout with George James and ' Charles
Greenbach In" a shed fittedVup for a gym
nasium behind the Harris home. Coroner
McHenry held an autopsy to-day and
found death was due to hemorrhage of the
brain ¦>. caused by a blow. James and
Greenbach are exculpated, however, by
the Coroner'a verdict.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TpemttlGSes 0
Hands. %.\
When the nervous system Bjß f < frejE
is weakened, the body gen- IS.f.vii
erally shows the symptom Ksf-'" ; '-«?S
of tremulousness in some of B«»5«V^
its members. The hands B|£»» I ''V(J
s-hake, the lips twitch at the Kfft^jM
corners, or the eyelids quiv- T^\^,^l<jjj
er involuntarily. Such a K£*»f^£s
condition calls for medicine ng| SH
which feeds the nerves. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical
Discover}', acting directly VS&^I
on the stomach and organs of di- lp-'£l
gestiou and nutrition, has a won- I&9
derful influence in restoring nerv- F;5«!
ous force. It quiets the nerves M-»y|
not by dni.^in^ them into stupor V&M
but by feeding them into strength. ;??*3
The "Discovery" has restored 'Sfcflsj
the health of thousands of those \pM
who were utterly hopeless, giving j JgS
them back natural appetite, phy- Ilpf
fical vijjor, healthful sleep and !i{||
mental strength. There is no S?§|
alcohol in "* Golden Medical Dis- 2Jfci
coverv " and it contains no opium, £u3
cocaine or other narcotic \&
David Duprcins. !"«}., of Joaes, Ohio i*{f
Co., Kentucky, writes: "When I JraiH
brgan takinj X>r. Fierce* Golden ff^Ji
M"--:. cal Uiscovtry I think I had t£^s?*9k
nmxras or general debility of three V2l*' 6ei sa
years' duration. I took three bot- /€r3
ties «jf tii- ' Discovery.' iJuriog the
time I was taVinjr it my i-Irep be- <&/s*©
came more refreshing- and I jrained lEs^^^
fifteen pounds weight, aad also
gained strength every day."
Free, on receipt of stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. Dr. Pierces Med-
ical Adviser, 1008 pages. Stnd 21 one-
cent stamps for book in paper covers,
or 31 stamps in cloth binding to Dr.
K. V. Pierce, Buffido, N. Y. .
EASY FOR McGOVERN.
Champion Defeats Tommy Warren in
the First Round.
NEW YORK. April 20.— Terry McGov
ern, the feather-weight champion, • wps
awarded the decision over Tommy War
ren of Brooklyn at the end of the first
round of what was to have been a twenty
flve round bout before the Broadway Ath
letic Club to-night. Warren :is forty
years old land weighs at least 140 pounds,
lie displajed absolutely no knowledge of
Employment for Japanese.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 20.— Two thou
sand Japanese laborers who arrived here
from the Orient since February have been
shipped to various 'points In the North
west for work on railroad construction.
The wages paid for these laborers are
said to be the same as paid white men.
The railroads have standing orders with
employment agencies to send all the Jap
anese they can get.
farmer class, and Inducements are held
out by them for young men between 20
and 2o to come to America. They produce
letters from Japanese on this side telling
of their prosperity, etc. He says that it
Is understood in Japan that a great num
ber, anywhere from 250,000 to 600,000. will
be shipped across this year if nothing is
done to stop the influx.
CHINAMEN ARRESTED.
Accused of Complicity'in th« Murder
of Chief Main.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 20.— Aided by
a representative of a Chinese secret soci
ety, the police to-day apprehended the
missing Chinaman wanted for the murder
of Chief of Police Main at Steveston last
Saturday. The Mongolian had been in
hiding and when arrested was on the
Semiahmoo trail, familiar in the days of
smuggling Chinese into the United States.
. Thang Ear Wong, the latest Chinese ar
rested, confesses that he helped to carry
the body of Main to the grave, but says
his two companions committed the mur
der and then forced him to assist In tha
burial. ;-:;.- v >i»;-
the game and was knocked down twice
with right-hand swings from the cham
pion. When the round ended he staggered
to his corner and the crowd of 2000 began
hissing and hooting. .The club officials
wisely concluded to call the bout off.
To appease the crowd another bout was
put on for ten rounds at catch weights
with Whitey Lester of Philadelphia, and
Jimmy Hayward (colored) of Chicago a 9
the principals. Lester got the decision. In
the preliminary bout Danny Snyder of
Boston was on the card to go twelve
rounds at 120 pounds with Billy Maynard
of New York. Snyder's seconds threw up
the sponge in the fourth round. *>,'';
r— ?
LOWERS AN AMERICAN
RECORD AT SWIMMING
Sid Cavill Knocks Five Seconds Off
the Best Previous Time for
One Hundred Yards.
Sidney Cavlll and his brother, Percy,
gave a remarkable exhibition of fast
swimming last night in the Olympic Club
tank.' Sid. Cavlll swam 100 yards in 1
minute 2% seconds. The American record
is 1:07 2-5, made by D. B. Renear of this
city. In a tournament held In Chicago.
The Australian record is 1 minute flat and
is credited to T. Meadham, in 1892, at Syd-
Percy Cavill covered a quarter of a mile
In 6:57 1-5, which is over a half minute
better than the American record. Both
trials were carefully timed and meas
ured.
The match at water polo between an
Olympic and an Ariel Club team was
won by the former, the score being 5 goals
to 1. The teams were mixed, being
made up as follows: Olympics— George
Ulnkel. Leavy. Croll. S. Cavill, Stern
berg, Archie Taylor, and W. J. Leonard
goal keeper. Ariel team— Ed Connolly.
Smith, Harris, Foley, Buell, Geddes and
Horton.
FIRST TO THE WIRE.
Gallopers That Led Their Fields Past
the Judges.
MEMPHIS. Term., April 20.— 1t rained
throughout the day. The track at Mont
gomery Park was a quagmire and mud
larks had everything their own way. The
feature of the day was Van Dusen's rid
ing, he landing two outsiders and one
favorite first in easy fashion. Results:
Four and a half furlongs, puree— Dandy Jim
won. Fancy Wood second. Darlene third. Time,
"58%.
Six furlonrs, puree— Great Bend- won, Andes
second, aiaud Wallace third. Time, l:l6Vi.
Mile and a quartsr, selling— Crockett worW
HandpreßS eecond, Jimp third. Time, 2:13.
Seven furlonKß— Tom Collins won, Celtic Barfl
second. Verify third. Time. 1:81%.
Mile puree— Thrive won, Dramburg second,
The Monk third. Time, 1:46%.
• Blx furlongs, selling— Cathedral won. Shil
ling-burn second. The Light third. Tlme.-l-lStt.
NEW YORK. April 20.— Only two favor
ites won at Aqueduct to-day, these being
Buffoon and Princess Ottilie. Results:
F*our*and a half furlongs, selllnir— Glenwood
won. Gracious second. Robert Waddell third.
Time. :57. ? '¦¦_ \,
About seven furlongs, selling— Buffoon won,
Alex second. Sweet Caporal third.' Time, 1:26 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Princess
Ottllte won, HIJa second, Delia Ccc third. Time, ¦
* Five and a half furlongs, selling— Sir Christo
pher won. Pink Domino second, G. E. Wight
man third. Time, 1:08 1-6. ;¦•
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Manltoban
won Cupidity second. The Corinthian third.
Time, .1:08 3-5.
Five and a half furloncs — All Gold won, Za
lione second, Gold Ore third. Time, 1:08 3-5.
Minor League Games.
. INDIANAPOLIS. April- 20.— Indlanapoli*. «;
Cleveland, 7. ¦
DETROIT. April 20.— Detroit, 4; Buffalo. 6.
KANSAS CITY. April JO.— Minneapolis, 2;
Kansas City, 4.
Respite for Narjot.
The caae of Ernest Narjot, charged with
manslaughter, which has been on trial
before Judge Cook for the past week,
went to the Jury yesterday. After being
out for several hours the Jury reported «
that it could not agree on a verdict and
was discharged. The Jury stood eight for
conviction.
to have each political party Insert a plank
in its platform pledging the nominees to
Congress to vote in favor of an exclusion
act to keep the hordes of coolies out of
this country. With this object in view, a
committee of five, consisting of A. West
eby, Charles Schppert, T. H. Arnold, A.
Dijeau and Ed Rosenberg, was appointed,
with instructions to request a like com
mittee from the Building Trades Council
to co-operate with it in calling a mass
meeting at which distinguished labor
union members will discuss the serious
situation.
COOLIE LABOR FLOCKING HERE.
Thousands of Japanese and Chinese
En Route From the Orient.
Some of the Japanese immigrants who
came here *on the. Nippon* Maru from Yo
kohama will not land. That is certain.
Twenty-one of the coolies were found to
be suffering from loathsome and conta
gious diseases by Quarantine Officer Kin
youn and he so reported to United States
Immigration Officer North. That official
at once ordered the Japs deported, and
they will go back to Yokohama. ,on the
Nippon Maru.
The decision of the Immigration officer
raised quite a storm among the import
ers of coolie labor, but that Is about all
AUDITORS RECAPITULATION.
f— II -»HE invasion of this country by the
Japanese has grown to such propor-
II tions as to alarm the laboring classes
of the city, and as a result of last
night's meeting of the Labor Council a
mass-meeting will be held to protest
against the further admission of the
coolies.
It was shown that under the system of
cheap labor as it is known to exist In
Japan there Is no chance for an American
to compete with the imported coolie who
comes to this country under contract to
work for a bare pittance. The system of
Importing these men was fully explained
by several of the speakers, as well as the
coaching that is necessary to evade the
contract and pauper clauses of our pres
ent immigration laws.
The delegates to the Labor Council,
from the bitter experience had with the
Chinese some years ago. are determined
not to be caught by delay on this occa
sion. In order to be on time it was de
cided to hold a mass-meeting at an early
date, and, with such resolutions as may
be adopted at the meeting, put the sev
eral political parties on record as to the
action that is deemed necessary to have
the exclusion act apply to the Japanese,
as well as the renewal of the exclusion
act to Chinese, which will soon expire by
limitation.
It is the Intention of the Labor Council
the good it will do them, as Commissioner
North is determined to send the men back
on the steamer that brought them here.
There are six vessels due to arrive from
Hongkong via Yokohama during the next
four weeks. Giving them the same ratio
as the Nippon Maru. it means that they
will attempt to land at least 1500 Japs and
2000 Chinese in San Francisco before the
month of May is out. *
The Rio de Janeiro Is due here on the
24th inst.. and the Algoa is scheduled to
arrive the following day. The latter ves
sel is a freight boat and may only bring
a few of the coolie laborers. The Coptic
will follow the Algoa on May 4. and the
America Maru on May 12. There are al
ready over 400 Japs booked at Yokohama
for this latter vessel. In view of the
latest developments the chances are that
many of them will not come.
The City of Peking follows the America
Maru on May 19, and the Gaelic will ar
rive May 29. Both these vessels will carry
from 500 to 750 Asiatics, so an estimate of
3500 coolies due to arrive hero during the
next four weeks is a small one.
Down at the Mail dock yesterday the
immigration officials and the customs of
ficers were hard at work examining the
applicants on the Nippon Maru. The ma
jority of the candidates have their lessons
letter perfect, and the chances are that
Collector Jackson and Commissioner
North will land a majority of them.
"ACT QUICKLY, UNCLE SAM, LEST THEY SHOVE YOU OFF THE EARTH!"
Labor Council .Arranges for a Mass Meeting to
Protest to Congress Against the Japs.
TO BAR OUT COOLIE HORDE
DISSENSION IN
POPULIST RANKS
Anti-Bryan Wing of the People's
Part 3' of California Calls a
Convention.
Representatives to Assemble in San Francisco
May 1 to Choose Delegates to Cincinnati
Gathering— Address to Voters.
THE Populists of California are di
vided into two factions. The Bryan
faction will send delegates to the
Sioux Falls (S. Dak.) national con
vention. The Miridle of the Roadsters
•trill s£k4 %a Oie Cincinnati convention an
cnTi-Bryan delegation.
As a step toward the reorganization of
the party in California J. Clem Deaver.
chairman of the National Committee of
the Populist party, recognized the Mid
ole of the itoaa Populists as the genu
ine adherents of the faith, and appointed
a provisional committee for California
consisting of H. \V. Philbrook (chairman).
James Taylor Uogerp, Dr. John A. Mil
ler. T. li. Porter, J. K. Phillips. George
W. Monieith, John A. PrOBSeK. G. X-
Hubbell. C. D. Rogers, George A. Clough
and William J. Greer.
The committee met yesterday and re
solved to call the State convention to as
semble in San Francisco en May 1. The
following address to the voters of the
£:at« was issued:
Bights of Freemen-
SAN FRANCISCO. April 19. l? 00.
To the member, of the People's Party.
e t*te of CaJif orr.ia : Recognizing the right
i r freemen to govern themselves end to
take Into their hands the reins of irovern
raect whenever their tervar.ts prove un
faithful to thfir trust, the Populists of San
Trancisco call Bjjon the members of the
party throughout the Stare to Join tbem
in holding a representative convention of
the People* party in the city of San Fran
cisco ujicn the first day of May. lH"->.
When our party came into being about ten
year* ago the number of its partisans was
small, its principles were rudely declared
and little understood, but those honest pio
neers in the cause of Populism who assisted
at the b'.rth of the party in thi* State went
patiently and earnestly to work ami in four
years organized and built up a strong and
powerful party pledged to secure the God
c:\r-n rights of the common people.
When the campaign of ISM was over and
the result showed that 60. 000— nearly one
quarter of the total vote of the State— had
been polled for our party nominees the
IVople's party became a recocnized and
powerful factor in the politics of this State.
It then became the subject of the most
anxious consideration on the part of the
old parties— the Republican party which
wUhed to destroy it, and the Democratic
party which hoped to absorp Its vote.
Bocky Jload to Success.
The road to success In the accomplish
ment of any reform is long and toilsome.
and when the Democratic machine offered
to adopt many of the tenets of Populism as
the price of fusion the prospect of addin*
our vote to theirs and achieving success
quickly in the cause of refiirm was indeed
attractive nn-1 invfting. This cup of Tanta
lus was plured repeatedly fit our lips, and
In attempting to Imbibe its Illusory draught*
we have teen the work of the oarly Populist
pioneers in the good cause nearly undone
and our following dwindle away until our
l*rty has been well nl^ht wrecked and de
stroyed.
Another factor that has entered Into this
rendition very largely has been the charac
ter and the treachery as well as the sordid
felf-interest of those schemers and manipu
lators who for yean? have controlled the
machinery of our party and thereby betn
able to a large degree to dominate its af
faire.
Here in San Francisco, where the prin
ciples of Populism are to a greater or lets
degree believed in by the great ma?s of
the people, the manipulation of the affairs
of the party by a »w unworthy men has so
disgusted and Oisheartened the members of
the party that in the late municipal election
a most "p'U fu l showing was made; not be
cause the principles of Populism were any
the less believed in, but simply because the
honest rank ami file of the party repudiated
thew unworthy men. wht» bad almost made
the party name a stigma and a reproach.
Another Great Struggle Pending.
To-day we are again on the eve of another
great national contest and won again v.lll
the republic be in the throes of another
struggle at the old parties for power and
patronage. We see them lining up for the
Iray. thfir voters herded together to swal
]< w' whatever medicir.e the party machine
may offer. K'.ke i-laves they must answer
wVri their masters call. They have noth
irg to say as to who they will vote for. The
corrupt Republican machine brands the
name at McKinley upon the backs of its
< attle t«ef(!!-e it calls them together for the
slaughter. The afinin* Democratic machine
has marie the nomination of llryan a cer
•ainty: in ne-.thcr case hay» those who will
<5o tiie voting a worl to say.
More than that. Mr. McKinley w'll dic
tate the planks that will cor.ttitute the It»-
pttbUcaa platform. ju*t js Mr. P.ryan lias
Binary written that of the Democratic
j>art>." The Democrats <1n not a.«k our eui>
l«>rt. they <lemand it upon the specious plea
that we "are bound to ch"se the lesser or
two nrfla and they claim to be in that in
teresting catejory.
This condition of things Is* exactly what
'¦xiste.l when our party iva« originally or
ganized and It ""MM into being as its name
denotes— a party of the p^Pl* wherein the
|.-<iple cooM cboae forne on? for whom their
votes could »«» counted that If elected would
advance their rrinci:.!os.
Purpose of the Democrats.
Tl:e only iis» the DerrKK-ratle machine has
for a Panelist is u> force him to vote for
th»- caniii'late of that machine, and the bit
ter f-yijfii^r.r" which we have gone through
in ail these effort* at fusion teaches us con
clusively that the only purpose -that the
Democratic managers have Is simply to
außme-nt the Jterr.ocrat'.e vote.
Tb» result* have »>een disheartening and
fnr a time produced apathy among our peo
ple throughout the country, but now the
awakening is here: from Maine to Califor
nia and from the Lakes to the Gulf our pec
pi* are rHing in rebellion against the Demo-
FAVORS DISTRICT CLUBS.
The Iroquois Club Passes a Resolu-
tion Suggesting the Old Method.
The Iroquois Club held its regular week
ly meeting at Pythian Castle last night
and after a long: discussion decided by a
vote of twenty-five to eleven in favor of
club primaries for the naming of delegates
to the State Convention, which will select
dc-leprates to the Kansas City Convention
Following is the resolution:
Resolved, That it is the *ense of the Iro
quols Club that the State Central Committee
adopt a plan for the formation of district clubs
In this city to select delegates for the State con
vention that will gelect delegates to the Na
tional convention to be held In Kansas City
July 4. 1900.
During the evening Theodore Pinther
ppoke on the Transvaal war and the
causes thereof.
cratlc programme of absorbing the member-
Fhlp of our party. The People's party In
the South is orvanlzed as it never was be
fore; Jn the great middle West the conven
tions of the party are being: largely at
tended and the meeting* are full of the old
time spirit and enthusiasm, and once more
we are all setting together again to renew
th» battle for the rights of the common peo
ple. It was the disastrous fire of IS7I that
made Chicago the second city of the union.
and the disasters of fusion, teaching 1 Its
bitter lerson hy actual eaqierlence. will make
the People's party stronger and greater than
ever. When started ten years ago it had
little to co on and there were few people
In the country that believed in Its prin
ciples; to-day thousands upon thousands of
people who have n»ver allied themselves
with the organization believe in all the
fundamentals of Populism, and they elmply
want to see an earnest, active and energetic
movement in the right direction and they
will rally to the support o-f Populism Just
as the people in ISIS and ISCO did to the Re
publican standard when that party, under
the leadership of Lincoln and his compa
triots, was the party of freedom and con-
Etttuticnal liberty.
Talk of Votes Thrown Away.
We are told that If we do not vote for
Bryan we will throw our votes away: and
so it will be four years hence, eight years
hence and at each succeeding- election. Were
the votes cast for the old liberty party of
James O. Barney thrown away? Was the
free soil movement that followed it fruit
less? And. romlr.g down to the present
time, were the votes oast for our party in
ISM), ISS2. and 1594 thrown away? Would
the old parties to-day be compelled to en
grave some of our ideas In their party plat
form if we had not forced their discussion
and educated the people upon them by vot
ing as we did vote? Xot for a moment; a
ballot rightly cast is a vote never lost, and
If we will rid ourselves of political ma
chines, political bosses and the corrupt con
trol of corporations we must use our ballots
with intelligence and judgment, and fol
lowing the dictates of our conscience accept
the result whatever it may be. It Is only
by voting right that we can teacii others
to vote with us; we must destroy the power
of the machine in politics before we can
accomplish any of the great reforms we
seek to attain.
The plutocratic Republican party is anx
ious to see the reform movement destroyed
and every vestige of Populism and of social
ism stamped out and destroyed. The sordid
money barons of the country, selfish capital
istic class that control the Republican
party, to-day hold the destinies of the re
public In the hull of their hand. They all
know that their only hope to continue in
power is to keep the contest narrowed be
tween themselves and the Democratic ma
chine. ,
Republicanism and Democracy.
McKinleyism is no more Republicanism
than Kryanism is Democracy; both are
wrong, the former being hy all odds the
worse of the two. The Republican party
bids fair to destroy in time all the consti
tutional safeguards of human liberty, and
the only hope for the people is to get to
gether an>i organise for the great conflict
that Is yet ta come. The evils of the Mc-
Kinley administration and the excesses of
his monopoly ridden party are now begin
ning to awaken the people to the dangers
ahead: they will grow worse until in the
end they will so shock the consciences of
the people that they will be compelled to rise
in their might and assert their rights. When
that time comes will it be possible to rely
upon the Democratic party to save the re
public? History proves otherwise. It is only
when we achieve the ends of Populism and
socialism through a strong third party or
ganization that there will be any hope of
s-JcceFß against the common enemy.
The renditions therefore demand ¦ prompt
and decisive action. The time is limited.
and we must get our forces together as best
we can. reorganize our party and prepare
once more tv present a united front to the
enemy.
Calls a State Convention.
Thereupon, acting und»r the authorization
of the National Committee of the People's
party. Hie provisional committee appointed
to bring about a reorganization of that
party herewith calls a State Convention of
the People s party to assemble In the city
of San Kranciscn. In the State of California,
uj^n Tuesday, the first day of May. 1900, at
1 o clock p. m. The place of meeting will
be the Tirk-street Temple, Xo. 117 Turk
street, in that city.
Karh county will be entitled to the same
number of delegates that it was entitled to
at the convention In 18SS which assembled at
hacramento July 12 of that year. The dele
gates that were enrolled at that convention
will constitute the representation of each
county, provided that no person who has
Openly Joined the Republican or Democratic
party since that time, or who accepts or has
assisted In nicking an appointment as dele
gate to the allegr,l People's party conven-t
tion to >>• held at Sioux Falls. P. D.. May 9
IMO, shall be a delegate, and the places of
all such are hereby declared vacant.
The ielesratinn from each county is re
quested to meet at the county Peat' of each
county as soon as possible and fill all va
cancies in their delegation and send a re
visf-'i list or the delegation to George A
( lough, roc.m CZn. Pairott buildlns. Ran
Francisco, secretary of this committee. The
convention Is called to elect thlrty-Mx dele
phUh to the National Convention of the
I eop!e s party to be held at Cincinnati, 0.,
Tuesday. May 9, 1900 ' '
The member* of the State Central Com
mittee of the People's party are also re
quested to be present In this city at the
Fame time and to meet at the same place!
fr 10 ,?£ lock a - m - upon tne fl rst day of
May. J9OO. HORACE W. PHILBROOK;
GEORGE A. CXOUGH. Eecreta^ry? lrman *
DELEGATES FROM OAKLAND.
Young Men's Bepublican Club Or-
ganizes for Coming Campaign.
OAKLAND. April 20.-The Young Men's
Republican Club reorganized for the cam
paign to-nigrht and elected delegates to
the convention of -Republican cluba at Los
Angeles. The officers were as follows*
President, Ben F. Woollier; first vice
president, Clarence Crowell; second vice
president, XV. 11. J. Matthews; secretary
James B. Dean: treasurer. E. T. Joste
assistant secretary, A. I. Hanaford; exec
utive committee— First Ward, J C Wil
liamson: Second Ward, Al Williams*
Third Ward. Abe P. Leach; Fourth Ward!
X - B t, A3 L e £- Fl i th Ward - John W. Stet
son: Sixth Ward. Frank Barnett; Seventh
Ward. G. E. Altken; Berkeley, Robert
GrHjr; Oakland Township, James G
Quinn; at large. Frank W. Billger, A. »
Breed.
The delegates to Los Angeles are: At
large, George C. Pardee; F. B. Ogden
John A. Brltton, L. R. Webster. Guy C
Earl, Sam Frank, Thomas Turnbull, Wil
liam H. J. Matthews, E. M. Walsh. John
Mitchell, Abe P. Leach. J. C. Crooks. N
K. Foster. J. H. Todd. W. Frank Pierce!
J. P. Cook, W. H. Dlckerson. Clarence
Crowell. R. B. Ayer. Frank W. Billger.
Dr. R. B. Williams. J. W. Stetson. J. Cai
Ewing. A. H. Breed. W. W. Crane. J. C
Plunkett, E. T. Joste, E. Donohoe, George
Meredith. Georee Randolph, James M
Oliver, P. M. Fisher.
AUDITOR FIGURES
NEXT TAX LEVY
The Rate for Yearly Current Ex
penses Is Well Within the
Dollar Limit.
Calculated on an Estimated Assessed Valua
tion of $400,000,000— Improvements to
Be Designated by Supervisors Are
Provided For.
"" ADVERTISEMENTS.
niiDto \kirhu mri! core
Li9Kr\ Hi I" HI! ItHrra rKrr
uUilLu If Lnli lflL.ll iriLLi
Send Name and Address To-day— You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
4
Total
Exp'diturts.
Revenu*
Other Than Revenue-
Taxes. From Taxes.
General, Pound, Fee. Police Contingent. Pollc* Relief
Pension Fund, Fireman' ¦ Relief and Pension, School,
Library, Unapportloned Fe« Funds, etc 13,908,700
School Fund 1.2C0.000
Free Public Library • 60,000
1534.500 J3.274.200
752.200 447,800
2,000 63,090
Total 15.168.700 1
f1 ' ¦
I 51.333.700 I g.780.000
i
New Improvements to be designated by Supervisor* .~( J220.000
Park Improvement Fund 250.000
Interest account Park Improvement Bonds, 1574-75 15.000
Sinking Fund Park Improvement Bonds. 1874-75 11,000
1220.0T0
J.COO 273.000
LJ.OOO
1,000 . 10.0C0
Total • I $523,000 |
I $3,0C0 I 1323.C00
Total
Exp'diturts.
Revenu*
Other Than Revenue-
Taxes. From Taxes.
General, Pound, Fee. Police Contingent. Pollc* Relief
Pension Fund, Fireman' ¦ Relief and Pension, School,
Library, Unapportloned Fe« Funds, etc 13,908,700
School Fund 1.2C0.000
Free Public Library • 60,000
1534.500 J3.274.200
752.200 447,800
2,000 63,090
Total 15.168.700 1
f1 ' ¦
I 51.333.700 I g.780.000
i
New Improvements to be designated by Supervisor* .~( J220.000
Park Improvement Fund 250.000
Interest account Park Improvement Bonds, 1574-75 15.000
Sinking Fund Park Improvement Bonds. 1874-75 11,000
1220.0T0
J.COO 273.000
LJ.OOO
1,000 . 10.0C0
Total • I $523,000 |
I $3,0C0 I 1323.C00' The Illinois State Board of Health rec-
ommends that a sanitarium for consump-
tives be erected.-
Notice the freak features
that will be presented in next
Sunday's Call! Possibly you
have heard of some of them
before, but have you ever seen
any illustrations upon these
lines P
Wingless Birds.
Electrical Indian Clubs.
Owl 3 for Pets.
Hens for Artists' Models.
. Barbed Wire Telephone
Town.
Will Play Basket-Ball in Reno.
Last Thursday night ;. the . Lowell High
School basket-ball team' left this city for
Reno, Ne'v.V where ,' the ryoung' ladies will
play a game I this: morning with the team
from the University of Nevada. The lat
ter recently .challenged. the 'Lowell .team,
offering transportation, and .expenses to
Reno. The> local team: is composed .of
seven "members. '.rand \ three ~. substitutes."
They are- chaperoned by, Mrs. Frank Mor
ton , wife of the • principal of the school. ¦
BASEBALL HAS
THE POWER TO
DRAW CROWDS
The National Game Seems to
Lose None of Its At
tractiveness.
The baseball season is well under way
and the public has taken to the sport from
the start. Last Sunday at Recreation
grounds there was an immense crowd
gathered to see the old-time rivals, San
Francisco and Sacramento, meet once
again on the diamond. The score was
close and the quality of ball good. Despite
the fact that Sacramento had Hughes
in the box the local team won out, thus
setting two out of the series of three
games.
With Hughes, Doyle and Salsbury to do
tho twirling tnere is no doubt that the
Senators will have a strong working team.
Neither Doyle nor Hughes pitched win
ning games last week, but tnis is owing
to tne fact that they have not yet roundeo.
into form. What will happen when thes*.
men reach their best speed is to be seen,
balsbury pitched a remarkable game on
the Oakland grounds last Sunday morn
ing, and the public may expect great
things from him before the season is over.
Manager Butler of the Sacramento team
disposed of his interest to Arthur Beebe,
The reason assigned for his withdrawal Is
that his partner wanted Doyle released,
but Butler refused to do so. If this is the
case Doyle may soon be on the market,
ihis Is a chance fyr Harris, who is in saa
need of a twirler ro mate with Iburg.
Tho Stockton and San Francisco teams
are to perform this week at Recreation
Park. As it will be the first meeting of
these clubs the fans will no doubt be out
in force to pass Judgment on the quality
of ball they are capable of presenting In
a contest against each other. The Stock
tons are slightly in the lead, but the eat>
is so small that the two teams are virtu
ally tied. If the local team wins a ma
jority of the series it will change places
with the farmers. After their brilliant
work of last week the homo players have
renewed confidence in themselves and are
prepared to give the men from the Slough
City tho snappiest kind of a contest
The line-up for to-morrow is as follows:
Stockton. Position. San Francisco.
£*"• Catcher Schwartz
Pitcher ...Fltzpatrlck
Selna First base McCarthy
McHale Second base Rellly
M00re....... Third base BrockhofT
Babbitt Shortstop Peeples
Courtney L-ft neld Levy)
McCarthy s . Center field Kruc'
Morrow Right Held Hlldebrand
Though the Frlscos succeeded In defeat
ing the Sacramentos with Jay Hughes in
the box last Sunday, Manager Harris feels
the Senators have an advantage over his
ngsrregatlon while they have the ex-Na
tional League twirler on their pay roll
and he is intent upon getting a star of
equal magnitude. He has not given up
hope of inducing Bill Lange to don a uni
form, but if he cannot get the stalwart
William he will secure Decker or some
other equally reliable player.
Drennan, the star outfielder of last
year's Santa Cruz team, whom George
Van Haltren recommended to the New
York Club management as the crack
fielder of the West, has joined the Oak
land Club.
Ladies' fine kid lace shoes for $1 50 a pair
•M the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st. •
El Dorado Owls.
The "El v Dorado' Owls," composed of
members, of 'El 1 Dorado Parl6r*No. '62 " N.
8. G. W., wlll'glve a' bal -masque at Sacra
toga Hall'this .eveniny.'.'.The success; of
past social functions, given, by the mem
bers of t thls ' parlor •is sufficient guarantee
that all. who attend 'will spend a very en
joyable evening.' i-^-.;yi -^-.;y r.- ... -j> ?;•-,,<}
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nervous Debility
5£ u_. f ment, in which,
l(fjrjLft£3jf\ m*--'m *--' t^ ie ncrv «3 call for
n^Lx/-/ \ nutrition and
mMtiM/i y) stren sth. Ele -
l£- tricity is a grand
* r liS*2tf >? weakness, because
I it circulates the
life fluids and feeds the nerves with
vitality. This is the work of my
Dr. McLaughlin Belt.
M". W. M. VVafsh writes as follows:
Forbcstown. Cal.. Ael. ISth.
I never had anything do me co much Rood
as your Belt Treatment. It Is a remedy whlcfc
has been worth to me more than twice Its cost.
Callanis:emv nuthoJ of applying
this grand curativ; power, or sen j for
il.ustrated book— free.
dr. .m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Xarket St.. Cor. Ksarny. S. F.,
And co:. Sprbg » ad feeeni Sts., Los Asfele*.
Pigeon Shooting, ft™ pi^W
D. ROBERTS, ITIUI ulllUo
Wholesale and Retail
Dealer ln Lave and J wlu contract to far-
Dressed Poultry and °i»&. for 2or S rears.
Game. any and all cluba, Ltv*
Krt/1 P»«««- Gf Paeons at a reasonable
504 b TOIIU bt j price per Uwc . .
Grammar School Athletes.
The third annual Held day of the G-am
mar School Athletic Club, composed of
young athktos from the various grammar
schools of th<- nty. win be hold this after
noon at the Olympic Club grounds A
programme embracing the customary
pventfl will be handled by the Grama r
School boys. Liberal entry has b^en
made In each event.
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
I The diving and swimming contests at
,Sutro Baths to-morrow afternoon attract
"edthe following entries:
Fifty-yard i dash. Juveniles— O. Kelber, M.
Donovan, 11. Kerman, E. Kelber, M. Carrody,
Lf. Hanson. M. Riding, F. dough, H. Leick
ens, •O. Lowenthal, . C. Shilling, O. Owens, p.
Sunberg, C. Schumacher, E. lllnter. W. Woll
beck.M. Rudonlck. G. Chllds. E. Klpp. One
hundred-yard race, amateurs— M. Rudonlck, M.
Bogen, , W. Harring, F. . Tyson. H. Lincoln, F
Terry. G. Wallace. H. Ahlbach, T. Thompson,
H.. Freeman, F. Carroll, L. Haywards, c
Carroll, J. O'Brien, R. Dahl, W. Wilson, . E
Bell, C Lundln, J. Laird, H. Seebach, C. Carl
ton. Tub race. 100 yards— L. Davison, E. Wells
11. i Kelber, F. .Rellly. J. Barnes, L. Doud. F.
Taylor, A. Baudain, M. Rudonlck, E. Jacobs
W. • McCormlck. E. Lleboldt, E. Klpp, p. Bo
gen, .H. Freeman. Trick and fancy spring
board dlvlng^-C. Cathcart, L. Botlle. W. Har
ris, J. Hanton. F. Eames, R. Cordell. E. Davis,
O. Mlsner, W. Summer, E. Epperson. Special
fifty-yard race between F. A. Wolfe and C.
Donovan. •
HANDBALL EXPERTS.
Entries for the handball gra'mes to-mor
row at Phil Rycn's court, B>S Howard
street, follow:
M. Lew and G. B. Ilayward vs. W. Fisher
and B. Wurkheim.
E. Barry and D. Regan vs. T. Foley and 11.
Kirby.
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon vs, M. Mc-
Neil and P. Steiner.
A. McVlcker and T. Loach vs. G. Smith and
3 Condon.
M. Dillon and P. Ryan vs. P. Hutchlnson and
P. Kelly.
K. Curley and W. Maguire vs. R. Hausman
and R. Murrhy.
T. Serres and E. White vs. A. Whlteman and
R. Rftli.
J. Harlow and J. White va. M. J. Kilgallon
and A. Hampton.
BENCH-SHOW ENTRIES.
At midnight to-morrow the limit will
have expired within which it is possible
to enter dogs for the bench show that
opens on May 2 at Mechanics' Pavilion.
The office of the San Francisco Kennel
Club, 23S Montgomery street, will be open
until 9 o'clock to-night and all day to
morrow to give dilatory owners a chance.
Though it is too early to foretell even ap
proximately the number of entries, it is
already an assured fact that last year's
total has been exceeded.
Among the notable dogs to be entered is
Lewis Kutter Pyle's Scotch terrier John
S, an unusually good specimen of his
br^ed. Frank Carolan will show a beau
tiful collie by Ormklrk-Emerald, with the
fullest coat of any ever seen here. It is
probable that ln the absence of John E.
de Ruyter's champion Old Hall Admiral
Mr. Carolan'3 collie will dispute the win
ner's red, white and blue ribbon with
Vice President Eppinger's Verona Broker
Alec Truman will show his Irish setters
and pointers and a lev/ specimens of tht
breed in which he has lately developea
such enthusiasm, the English setters.
Yosemite Kennels will have their usual
display of pointers. The breed will be
numerously represented, as Mr. Dodge of
Bakerafleld will send up Sam's Bow, Cuba
of Kenwood and four others. Verona
Kennels will show Slain Sam's Son. Coutts
will send down a string, while Upton of
Blythe will defend Alec Truman's colors.
Ono of the most interesting exhibits will
be that of the Golden Gate St. Bernard
Kennels. In this kennel alone will be an
entry of eight St. Bernards, among them
being Alta Berna. which is expected to
defeat Champion Le Prince Jr., for the
Eppinger trophy.
Mrs. Pillsbury's fine Boston terrier wih
dispute the palm with all later importa
tions, and Mrs. Norman expects to re
ceive from New York ln time for the show
a French bulldog that will make things
lively for Mrs. Amy Crocker-Gillig's ken
nel. Mrs. W. H. Deane's kennel of
Italian greyhounds and Mrs. Attridge's
kennel of Yorkshire terriers are expected
to attract a great deal of attention.
Sergeant Eccles' Benefit.
An entertainment and dance will b«
given this evening: by Company H,
League of the Cross Cadets, for the bene
fit of Thomas Eccles, late first sergeant
of the company. The committee havlnjr
the affair In charge is working energeti
cally, with a view to making the affair a
financial success. "William J. Hynes tho
comedian, and Lillian M. Forsythe, the
well-known "coon" singer, have volun
teered their services, and other local tal
ent will appear. Dancing will follow the
entertainment.
AMONG THE GOLF LOVERS.
The formal season of the San Francisco
Golf Club ended last Saturday with the
Fwerplre victory of the Presidio players
ln the second series of home-and-home
matches between teams representing the
San Francisco and Oakland clubs There
will, however, be a good deal of play on
the links throughout the summer but no
scheduled events. Several of the Presidio
polfers will play at liurllngame, San Ra
fael, Del Monte and other resorts.
A schedule of events for the summer
season Is being prepared by the secretary
of the San Kafael Golf Club, and will be
Ifsur-d shortly. The course is In splendid
condition and will attract many golfers
The club will give at an early date an
open tournament, in which members of
the golf clubs in the environs of San
Francisco may compete. Fortnightly
tournaments will be held throughout the
summer.
It is likely that a golf match will soon
be added to the list of intercollegiate con
tests between representatives of the Uni
versity of California and Stanford Uni
versity. The Machrihanlsh Golf Club at
Palo Alto was founded about a year ago
and has a nin^-hole course, the names
ar;d distances of th<» holes being as fol
lows; Gate. 240; Willow, 2C3; Varsity
Sl7; Crap, ITS; Machrihanish. £»; Canon'
270; Gophf-r. 415: Oak Tree. 240; Home 215 :
total distance. 2405 yards. The course was
completed a year ago. and the members
hope to prtend their grounds and lay out
an tisht<H-n-ho!e course. Mrs. Stanford
having piven tlu-m the use of the pasture
land !ying toward the foothill." The
course is round and the first teelng
pround i.s distant about fight minutes*
warn irom the quadrangle. The greens
are not turfed but the course is in many
respects a coo. ope. harine an abun
ftanceof natural Wazards. Thtre are sev
en X .v c . trom fiVe to ton feet deep.
cvA th<re 1b also a ditch. There are no
trees on the course «.-xcept approaching
the fourth and fifth greens. Thr<^ of the
fl?lf, S ~ rt ' °" lOp of ratJ rr h 'Kh knolls. th fi
-...*,"• r iiXTr ' tti "MachrihaniFh" (or
Hrnllincr bay") heir.* on a hill 315 feet
3&£SE £ nex hh t fr hot^ n m d
hills behind Berkeley and thY HamiuWn
[aX rtribll Ot Cr direct!on IJla <* Moun"
Alf-c Smith, the professional at the C'or
onado links. as.«ist^d by v>«V~
S'-hwartz Malhewson Dupee? Thompson
¦adlJKewUn' has laid out aVw coinPe of
eighteen holes, occupying the whole space
between X street and the Spanish Bipht
TRAPSHOOTERS
MEET IN BIG
TOURNAMENTS
Will Smash Clay Disks at
Fresno and Kill-Pigeons
at Ingleside.
Two of the important tournaments of
the year for trapshooters will be . held
within the next fortnight. The eighth
annual tournament of the California In
animate Target Association will be held
at Fresno on the .29th and 30th insts. A
big programme, both of sport and of en
tertainir.ent. has been prepared for those
who attend.
The second event. is the State live i bird
choot, which will be held on the San
Francisco Trap Shooting Association's
grounds, Ingleside, May 4, 5 and 6. The
shoot is given under the auspices of the
three largest live bird clubs in the State,
the Olympic Gun. Club, the California
Wing Shooting- Club and' the San Fran
cisco Gun Club. This shoot has hereto
fore been promoted by the Olympics, but
this year the three clubs will conducuthe
affair. The shoot coming Just three days
after the big tournament at inanimate
targets at Fresno will permit of shooters
so arranging their programme as to at
tend both meetings. Shooting will be
under American -Shooting Association
rules, with the additional provision that
If a shooter discharges both barrels of
his gun at. once .the referee shall order
another bird, whether the bird shot at be
killed or lost. Also that a man breaking
his gun .will be considered to have left
the score as though he had turned away.
He cannot thereafter use a second barrel.
The complete programme follows:
First' day: First event— Six birds; entrance
$3, }10 added; high runs to win. Second event
—Ammunition minufacturinp race; ten birds;
entrance $5, $25 added; high runs to win. Third
event— Gold Dust medal race; twenty birds;
entrance $5.- The winner will receive a medal
which entitles him. On surrender thereof, to en
trance money ln next shoot. In this race the
clubs give , 115 to the, second high run and $10
to the third high gun; side pool, entrance $S:
hlch runs to win. . Fouhh event — Miss and
out; entrance $3, $10 added;, lost three men in
take nool. 50, " 30 and ,20 per cent. •
Second day: First, event— Six birds; entrance
J3, $10 added; high guns to win. Second event—
Dupont Smokeless Powder race; twelve birds:
entrance $7 £0, J25 added by the Dupont Smoke-
Icrb Powder Company.; . high -. guns to win.
Third event— Fay Diamond race; twenty birds;
entrance 15. | The winner will receive a medal
which entitles him. on. surrender thereof, to
entrance money In next shoot. In this race the
clubs g-ive $15 to second, high gun and $10. to
the third high gun; side pool, entrance $5; high
guns to win. . ••.--¦ • ¦ .
Third day: First event— Ten birds; entrance
45, S2O added: high. guns to win. Second event
-'-Twelve birds; entrance $7 50, $25 added; hljth
guns to v.in. . Third event— Twenty-flve bird*;
entrance $15;' high guns .to, win. All shoot
ers start at twenty-eight yards. The string of
twenty-five birds will be divided Into five sec
tions of .five birds each for^ the purpose of dis
tance handicapping; for each section of five
killed stralrht the shooter shall go back one
yard. .• • ?•>•.' ' ¦-..••,..''
The representatives of the Union Gun
Club at the Fresno tournament will prob
ably be the. following:.! A. F. - Helns, . J.
McCutcheon, E. Peterson; F. W. Fincke
E. Olson. C. W. Debenham,' L. Jarette
Jr.. M. McDonnell, J. -McDonnell, P. Mc-
Rae. F. Feudner. ' . -
The Olympic. Gun Club men will shoot
the rocks to-morrow at Ingleside, the San
Francisco Gun ¦ Club ..' men .shooting' live
birds. The Trap 'Shooting , Association
has purchased 100,000 bluerocks, " which
are not expected to lasf-the season out j
THE annual exhibition of San Francisco Kennel Club, which will be thrown open to the public on May 2 in Mechanics'
Pavilion, gives promise of being the most comprehensive show of the kind ever held here. Every breed known to
the fancier will have its representatives, majiy specimens being sent from the far East, where they have gone
through the circuit of shows held ln the large cities. Some local fanciers have imported dogs from England for the
express purpose of showing them here. Experts pronounce Charles Newman's bull terrier Sam the finest specimen
of the breed on this coast and predict he will carry off the blue ribbon in -his class.
BAY WILL SOON
BE WHITE WITH
SAILING CRAFT
The California and Corinthian
Yacht Clubs Open the Sea
son Next Week.
Last Sunday was an ideal day. for sail
ing, there being a good breez6 and smooth
sea. The opening cruise of the San Fran
cisco fleet was made under favorable cir
cumstances. Among the yachts that ac
companied the flagship Ramona over to
the city front and out toward the Heads
were the schooner Lurline, the sloops
Aeolus, Cygnus, Juanlta, Siren, Sappho
and Catherine and the auxiliary schooner
Outing. The yawl Klttlwake with her tan
colored sails was a noticeable object along
tha Sausalito water front last Sunday.
She is owned by Percy Burr, who pur
chased her from George Wellington. Wes
terfeld & Morrow's sloop Aeolus and the
sloop Emille sailed over from Tiburon to
the San Francisco opening last Saturday.
The additions to the Corinthian Yacht
Club house are finished, the contractors
having concluded their work before the
appointed time. The main room has been
considerably lengthened, and now pre
sentß an unusually nne appearance. A
most successful opening day is confidently
expected. . ' V- ,"*..'
E. Donohoe has sold the sloop Speedwell
to H. Johns and T. Jennings, who also
own the ark Argonaut. The sloop Queen,
so long owned by Frank A. Bartlett, has
received a coat of dark green paint in
stead of the ordinary copper paint. The
yawl Seven Bells is over at Sausalito.on
Smith's ways, receivine a thorough over
hauling. I. Gutte's schooner Chlspa Is
being prepared for the season at Benlcia,
and E. A. Wiltsee's schooner Aggie has
not been seen at Sausalito since the close
of last season.
To-day the San Francisco fleet will
cruise to Paradise Cove, returning to
morrow. Next Saturday both the Corin
thian and California Yacht Clubs will
open the season with receptions and Jinks.
Owners have been busy with their craft
on Oakland Creek for some weeks past.
The flagship Embla, the sloops Jessie E..
Accident. Pactolus, Thelma, . Surf and
other craft will be ready for the opening
cruise on the following day. The follow
ing-are the committees in charge of the
opening day arrangements: Entertain
ment—J. Kelly, J. J. Hanlfln, S. Marshal,
L. G Wakeman and ex-Commodore A. M.
clay Hou.«c — J. J. Sherry, J. T. Carrier
and A. M. Clay. Catering— Commodore E.
N Walter and L. G. Wakeman. Electric
lighting and decoration— Henry de la Mon
tanya. A. C. de Witt and J. J. Grimsey.
Transportation— A. K. Gibbs.
The California Yacht Club has decided
not to withdraw from the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association, and the Enclnal
Yacht flub will also stay in the associa
tion for this season at any rate. Both the
yacht clubs of Alameda County feel they
reap little benefit from the association, as
the principal trophy offered by it, the
Macdonough Cup, is for yachts in a class
in which they have no representatives.
Ex-Commodore T. L.. Hill of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, accompanied by
Mrs Hill, left recently for a long Euro
pean tour, but his sloop Cygnus will re
main in commission during his absence,
her crew being made up of J. C. Cockerlll,
A PaddWord. J. S. Gang. Arthur Inkers
lev and H. G. Toll. The San Francisco
Yacht Club has 120 members on its roll,
and is In a more flourishing condition than
it has been for several years. ,
CHARLES NEWMAN'S BULL TERRIER SAM.
DOGS IN VARIETY BENCHED AT THE KENNEL CLUB SHOW.
COLLEGIANS
TO COMPETE
AT PALO ALTO
Ready for tho Ninth Annual
Championship Meeting of
Rival Universities.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 20.—
j Final preparations for the ninth annual
| intercollegiate field day between athletes
j of Stanford and the University of Cali
; fornia, which will be held here to-morrow,
have been completed. Stanford's thirty
six athletes, who compose her track
,' team, have done their last hard training
j and await the day on which they will
I struggle for supremacy. While the sup
! porters of the cardinal are not so san
| gulne as to hope for victory, they have
I great confidence in the men who repre
', sent them on field and track and expect
; them to take a creditably large share of
! points from their competitors. The men
I ln whom Stanford places the most con
, lidence are Captain Boyd ln the pole
! vault, Stewart and McCoughran tln
the sprints, Strout and Xaramore in the
{ hurdles. Chadbourne and Hamilton in
; the distances. Symonds and Hopper in the
! broad jump and Parker and Wardall ln
j the weights. When it is considered that
i only five of this year's track team wear
i the college "S," it will be seen that most
!of Stanford's men are untried. While
j good records have been made in practice
; these cannot be taken as a proper crl
l torion of what thry will do when under
I the test of competition.
The following is the order of events:
Track— loo-yard heats; SSO-yard run; 120
yard hurdles, trial; 100-yard, final: 440
yard dash; mile walk; 120-yard hurdles,
final; 220-yard dash, heats; "220-yard hur
dles, heats: mile run; 220-yard dash, final;
\ 220-yard hurdles, linal. Field— itJ-pound
hammer throw; high Jump; broad Jump;
pole vault; 16-pound shot put.
Stanford's weakest events are the broad
and high jump and the mile walk and
run. The track has been placed ln ex
cellent shape for the meet and good time
should be- made. Bleachers have been
erected which will accoramoda.tjp 2500 peo
ple. The visitors will have a special train,
¦which leaves San Francisco at noon.
TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIPS.
At the California Tennis Club courts,
Bush and Scott streets, this morning, ten
nis representatives of Stanford and Cali
fornia uni% - ersltles will cross rackets in
the championship meeting of the year.
Contrary to the custom of former years
there will be a single series of matches
to decide which college is entitled to the
honors of the asphalt court.
Each college Is represented by two in
dividual players, who will play singles.
i and one double team. Ttv.j victories will
! carry the palms with them. The singles
will be the best two out of three sets, and
the doubles the best three out of five.
According to the schedule it is arranged
that the singles matches should begin at
S o'clock, the doubles- to follow imme
diately after. The tournament will be
¦¦ concluded in the morning if this arrange
ment is adhered to.
The University of California will be rep
resented by Sumner Hardy and Harold
Braley in the singles, and Sumner Hardy
and Reuben Hunt in the doubles. Stan
ford will have as Its color-bearers Sam
Hardy and William Roth in singles, and
Sam Hardy and Harry Welhe in doubles.
The two Hardys will meet again, and Bra
ley and Roth.
The last big tournament ln which the
Hardys played was at Del Monte ln Sep
tember, 1599, when the champions of the
East battled with the best of the West.
At that time Sumner Hardy played the
best game of all the Western men. He
outclassed Sam in every match with the
Eastern champions, but since then Sam
has been playing equally as strong a
game as his brother. It will be a ques
tion of chance, ln all probability, who is
to carry off the laurels of this match.
Braley hails from Southern California,
and he also played ln the big tournament
at Del Monte, being linked with another
southern racket-wielder ln the doubles.
He was the surprise of the tournament,
and his heavy smashes and fast play
forced comparisons with "Clcuter" Da
vis the second best of the Eastern visi
tors. Word comes from Berkeley, how
ever, that Braley Is not playing in form.
He has not had much practice since he
entered the college last fall.
The new doubles team, Sam Hardy and
Harry Weihe, stands a fair chance of
winning the prize. Welhe is a strong,
fast player, who has improved steadily
for the last few years. Sumner Hardy
and his partner. Hunt, have played to
gether for some time.
In the afternoon, on the same courts,
the California Club will hold a doubles
tournament for the Davis cups. All the
regular club teams will compete. The
Whitney brothers have won the cups
twice, but it is necessary to take them
five times before they become absolute
property. The drawings will take place
at the courts.
SPORTS
FIRST REGATTA
TO BE HELD AT
TIBURON COVE
Six Barges Will Enter Junior
Race on Olympic Ladies'
Day.
The "moonlight picnic" of the Alameda
Boating Club given last Saturday night on.
Oakland Creek was so pretty a spectacle
and so successful an entertainment that it
will probably be repeated on a more ambi
tious scale within the next two or three
months. Seventeen craft of various kinds,
decorated with lighted lanterns, were
towed down the creek to the accompani
ment of music, which wag heard far away
ln the stillness of the calm night.
The •"Ladies' Day " to be given by the
members of the Olympic Boat Club at Ti
buron ha* grown into a bigger and more
Important affair than was at first con
templated. Originally the only event open
to general competition was the outrigger
ckilf race between Stanley Adderley and
George Baker. Now a junior barge race,
a. Junior .^kiff event and a handicap race,
open to craft of ail kinds and of any
ciub, are talked of. besides a water polo
tournament and swimming races. The
rt-gatta committee of the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union is
taking the event In har.d. It is probable
the junior barge race will attract a large i
number of entries, as the Alamedas. I
Ariels. Dolphins and Pioneers have crews |
ln training axid the four of the University !
of California is looking for a race. The !
date will be Sunday, May 20. and the !
course from the Olympic boathouse along i
Valentines Island to the Corinthian Club- !
house and return. Spectators seated on i
Valentines ls!ar.d or the seats used for 1
the last "Xicht in Ver.ice" will be able to
ccc the whole race.
The Olympic Boat Club has sixteen or
more men In training, and the Junior barge \
crew will be selected from these. Two |
ether crews picked from those who do not i
pet into the junior crew will be made up I
and will race for a trophy offered by the j
Olympic Club. Among the leading candi
dates for seats in th«» barge are George I
James. C. Leifjhton, If. P. Fisher. N. J.
Prend^rg^t, W. C. Paddock. J. Sherry. T.
F. Meberln. A. Brennan, B. Connelly and
P. J. Elsemann. J. R. Bockman and 11.
A. Pleps. the weil-known Ariel oarsmen.
«.re fctaying at Belvedere for the summer
and are in coaching the Olym
pics.
The crew of the University of California
g-oes out from time to time for practice
eplns. under the coaching of S. J. Pem
broke. The Alameda junior crew is get- i
ting into trim, and the Dolphins go out
regularly on Tuesday and Friday morn- I
Ings and on Sundays. The annual picnic |
and excursion of the Dolphin Hub to Mi
rabel Park, in the Santa Cruz Mountains,
takes place to-morrow. The Pioneers hav<» j
a crew in training for the Junior barge j
race at Tiburon, but the South Ends have !
not been heard from.
Th» Ariel Rowing Club is manifesting
preat activity, and will soon hold trial
j-aees to determine who its representatives <
shall be. All the boats are in excellent •
condition. Three Junior crews are prac
ticing regularly. No. 1 has been selected
to row at Belvedere, and is made up as
follows: J. K<--ecan, how; George Smith
No. 2; Harry Fr>:«=y. No. 3. and W. Smlth
foti, stroke. William Howe is coaching
the crew. A crr-w composed of William
Howe. Robert Ellis. E. J. Lynch and
Charles Wilson rowed out to the French
cruiser Protet. Charles Wilson will enter
the junior skiff event at Belvedere.
ANGLERS ARE
PLANNING FOR
FUTURE SPORT
Await With Impatience the
Opening of the BJg Streams
of the State.
The anglers who make annual pilgrim
ages to the Important trout streams of.
the State are already planning their trips.
They are Impatiently awaiting the time
when they can leave for haunts about
which cluster pleasant associations of
other years and other outings. From
v erdl come reports that fishing la improv
ing, the trout taking the fly readily. If
weather conditions continue favorable
good sport should be enjoyed ln tha
Truckee near there.
Advices received from the United States
fish hatchery at Balrd. on the IlcCloud
; ve^'i a 5? to the effe « that after ten days
of cold, disagreeable weather the tempera
ture has gone up and conditions for fish
ing are greatly Improved. Anglers who
purpose visiting: the McCloud will find
that the Oregon express, upon which they
formerly traveled to the fishing ground
does not stop at Balrd Spur. Anglers must
now leave Uie train at Redding, twenty
miles from Balrd. and drive over to their
destination. The former stopping placo
entailed a. drive of only elev<<n miles to
the hatchery. The new arrangement la
brought about through the train running
on a faster schedule and making but few
stops.
A party made up of such well-known
anglers as A. S. Carmany, Edward Ev
erett. Walter Carr and George Morse will
leave early next week for the ilcCloud
for a brief spell at the fishing.
T>J. h ? mouth of *aper Mm Creek near
Point. Reyes was the objective point of
many city anglers last Sunday. A number
of good-sized fish were taken, the sport
being generally high class.
The streams along the route of the
California Northwestern In the Russian
River country are reported in excellent
condition, especially near Cloverdale
Large catches have been mado in Sulphur
Creek and also in Pieta Creek.
Ell Marks, S. E. Slade, R. B. Chapman.
Vld^ Sac^ s an( L A 1 Cummlng leave next
iV h K/? dd i a X i°. r wh . at promises to be a de
lightful fishing pllgrimaKe. The ultimate
destination is the Klamath River country
which they will fish thoroughly. They
will leave the train at Redaing and will
then travel by stage to the McCloud.
where they anticipate great sport.
Mr. Cummlng enjoyed a day's fishing re
cently at a place which he— well Informed
as he Is on the trout streams of the State
—had never heard mentioned. The body
of water Is the White House Lake, owned
by the vallelo Water Company It is
seven miles from Cordelia and may alao
be reached from Napa. Mr. Cummine
secured sixteen trout, averaging a half
po !2 nd - J? e 7 were all ln flne condition
and provided good sport. A permit from
th© water company officiate la necessary
Mr. Cumming has lost Dude, the second
°. f _A ls fav .°L lte sporting dogs. He was
stricken with paralysis and it was deemed
best to destroy him, as ha was beyond all
hope of recovery.
W. S. Kittle caught a fine five-pound
trout in the preserves of the Country Club
ln Maxln County last Sunday.
J. Samml and Mr. Lawsbach secured
five big bass ln the Oakland estuary last
week. Mr. Moore, another well-known
angler, caught four. the fish weighed
from four to eight pounds
Charles Huyck and F. M. Halght will
nsn some one of the easily accessible
streams to-morro-w. The NlcasJa Is the
one most favored by them.
A writer ln Outing offers the following
suggestions as to suitable clothing foi
fishermen:
The proper sarb for early trout fishing Is
heavy all-wool underwear and socks, with
'dead prass" canvas or duck coat and trou
sers. The hat should be an old drab or rcray
felt, to which the flies may be easily affixed
If necessary. Corduroy for outer jrarments
Is undesirable, because It Is almost certain
to get more or less wet. and It dries slowly
The best thlnjrs for the feet are the regular
tan-colored waders. Such a costume la In
conspicuous against the ordinary surround
ings of trout streams and this point is im
portant. Avoid all flashy trimmlnsrs on a
rod, and move as slowly and cautiously m
you would If trailing a deer. The observ
ance of these hints, on much-fished waters,
will help to fill the creel.
WOULD BETTER
THE BREED OF
GREYHOUNDS
Coursing Men Are Importing
the Best Strains of English
Blood.
The most notable importation of grey
hounds ever made by a California cours
ing man is expected next week from Eng
land. There are six of the breed In all,
four being saplings, while two are twen
ty-two months old. They were purchased
in England by J. H. Rosseter of this city,
his intention being to infuse new blood In
to the greyhounds of this coast. There
has been so much in-breedlng during re
cent years that deterioration of the stock
was sure to result In time. The gTey
hounds selected by Mr. Rosseter are all
direct descendants of Waterloo cup win
ners, and the best blood courses through
their veins.
One of the saplings Is by Peregrine
Pickle, out of Sussex Belle. The sire was
twice runner-up for the Waterloo cup.
Two others are by Fortune Favente, out
of Rognure, she by Restorer. Rognure
Is the only greyhound that ever led
Wild Night, a Waterloo winner, to the
hare. A dog sapling Is by Gallant, also
a Waterloo winner, out of Jeanne Mil
burn. The latter is out of Mullingar, the
dam of many famous performers. The
two puppies are by First Fortune-Moth
er's Choice. They are called Fortunate
Choice and My Selection. The former ran
once and divided the Fairfort stake, while
the latter divided the maiden stake at
Cirencester, England. The four saplings
are untried.
They will be sold at auction at Union
Park the Sunday after their arrival. The
only limit placed upon them is that they
will be sold for at least their cost landed
here. Mr. Rosseter agrees to give the
services of For Freedom and Emln Pasha
for two puppies out any litter they sire.
The coursing at Union Park will com
mence to-day upon the arrival of the
11:45 a. m. train. The stake was limited to
ninety-six entries. Among these are Fine
Fire, Robert Malcom's new English doy
and one of the finest looking ever seen
here. He is not at his best yet, the cli
mate still having him in its grasp. Luxor
Is also among the entries, of which the
majority are the pick of the local ken
nels.
The choice bit of the Ingleslde pro
gramme to-morrow will be the match be
tween Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDon
ald and James Dean's Connemara, the
hero of many champion stakes. Flora
McDonald showed a shade more speed
last Sunday than her opponent, but he is
the cleverer worker if once placed on a
hare. In addition to this there will be
an eighty-dog open stake. The sport will
commence to-day at 12 o'clock and to
morrow at 1L
Dr. Clark's Kerry Gow, formerly owned
by M. Michalek, died on the plains near
Stockton some days since. His owner had
a match on with the greyhound Nonpareil
and wanted to try cut his dog. The fit
ter started up a strong hare and ran nine
minutes before he could be retaken.
E. M. Kellogg has bought from M. Law
lor a 12-months-old sapling by Ben Bolt-
Mona.
Will Thompson expects a consignment
of eight greyhounds next week from his.
partner, Mr. Lowe of Kansas. He hopes
to find a few Flora McDonalds among:
them.
Judge P. J. Rellly's good young dog
Royal Union is laid up owing to Injuries
received through contact with a barbed
wire fence.
W. C. Glasson has sold a puppy by Syl
vanus-Systematlc to the firm of Curtis
& Sons. They offered $300 for Santonin, a
speedy son of Emln Pasha, but it was de
clined.
J. Kecnan's Blacklock is In whelp to the
same owner's Royal Buck.
Lowe & Thompson's Patrla is In whelp
to Lord Stuart.
E. & R. Scott's Mystery has been bred
to Aeneld kennels' Pretender. H. H.
Grey's Terronette has also been mated
with Pretender.
Pat Horgan's Miss Manila has whelped
a. litter of three puppies to Glen Roy.
An Irlsh«doK named John Doe. which is
said to have distinguished himself on the
field, is due in this city next week.
The next important fixture in the cours
ing calendar will be the ladles' day cham
pion stake to be decided at Union Park
June 16 and 17. The stake Is run under the
patronage of the Interstate Coursing 1
Club, being one of the fixtures of that as
sociation. The park management has
added $500 to the prize money which will
be disbursed. The stake •will be worth
over $300 to the winner.
Neil Beggs has purchased th© grey
hound Beau Peep from Tim Harrington.
Tho California coursing committee has
finally completed Its set of coursing cal
endars, making nearly 100 volumes. It has
also a full set of the English stud book,
together with the Bothal Club's stud book
and Captain Ellis two volumes on win
ning strains.
D. Shannon has registered a litter of
eleven puppies by Emln Pasha-Slnaloa.
"W. C. Glasson's Joy Bells has been bred
to Curtis & Son's Terrona. SBBata
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALI^VSATUKDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
Would Have His Revenge.
Thomas W. valentine, a tailor on Geary
street, near Powell, failed to appear Jn
Judge Cabaniss* court yesterday to an
swer a charge of disturbing the peace.
The complaining witness was Carrie Wise"
r pretty Rirl livinp at 1312 Mission street'
She alleged that she had left Valentine's
employment and went to work for Isaa"
Abrams, a tuilor on the same street. Val
entine threatened that he would stop her
from workinp anywhere elso and he in
duced Abrams to discharge her. April 15
while she and her mother were walking
alonsr Market street from the theater
Valentine met them and again threatened
her and raised a disturbance. His bail
of $20 was declared forfeited.
5By refusing to permit an inspection of the records
of the Chinese bureau in this city Collector Jackson
manage? to hide something, but by the very act of
doing so he exposes the fact that there is something
*»* wishes to have hidden
A Natural Episode.
"Did the Brooklyn man die a natural
death?" "Oh, yes, he was run over by a
trolley car."— Princeton Tiger.
• • ?
Without Prejudice.
"My man," urged, the Rev. Mr. Good
ley, "can I not induce you to come Into
church?" "Oh! now., boss, I—cI — cr — •¦'.' the
poor tramp stammered. "I hope you have
no prejudice against the church," the
good man continued, eagerly. "No un-
Tiieaxant recollection of your past sug-
RUSSIAN DESIGNS ON KOREA.
DESPITE the recent statement of Count Cas
sini, Russian Embassador at Washington, that
Russia has no designs of aggression on
Korea, nor any intention of violating her agreement
with Japan concerning that country, it appears the
Japanese Government is by no means satisfied with
the situation. All reports from Yokohama are to the
effect that Russian assurances are not trusted by the
officials of Japan, and that there is a serious menace
of war between the two powers.
The Russian Government is seeking to attain its
ends in Korea by the employment of tactics which
have just proven so successful in Persia. They are
offering the Korean Government a loan of something
like $12,000,000, and, according to the reports, are
forcing it upon the country, for it seems the Koreans
are by no means desirous of becoming the debtors of
so powerful a creditor,' nor of giving the guarantee
the Russians demand.
The practice'of financing a weak nation for the pur
pose of getting an excuse for suppressing its inde
pendence has now become one of the favorite meth
ods of imperial diplomacy. It will be remembered
that Great Britain obtained her hold oi Egypt by act
ing as collector of a loan. Furthermore, when, after
the war with Japan, the Chinese Government sought
to obtain money with which to pay the indemnity de
manded by the victors, the British were eager to ad
vance it. An arrangement was actually made for
financing the Chinese loan in London, but the Rus
sian Government intervened and by a protest, backed
by threats against China, compelled that Government
to recede from its bargain. The Russians then in
kindness of heart offered to furnish China with the
money, but British influence in turn compelled the
rejection of the proffer. Finally the desired funds
were obtained through the aid of a German bank,
and the controversy closed.
. Had not Great Britain been occupied by the war
In one of the letters captured from the Filipinos a
writer declared that one Filipino soldier was worth
four Americans. The dusky observer probably
meant that one Filipino soldier was four times as hard
to locate as one American.
• /
The row in the House of Representatives over, the
naval appropriation bill savored very much of the
parliamentary tactics which prevail in debate in Ken
tuck}'.
The use of r>r. Slegert'a Angostura Bitters ex-
cites the appetite and keeps the digestive or-
Townsend's California glace fruits, 3^c
a pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 633 Market St.. Palace Hotel bldg. •
gested " "Oh! no. .1 ain't got no
grudge agin the church. Mine wuz a
home weddin*."— Philadelphia Press.
• » •
A Good Reason.
"Why don't you marry that girl? She is
a real pearl." "Ah, yes; but I don't like
the mother of pearl."— Exchange,
• • •
A Good Gender.
Teacher— Willie, what's the masculine or
laundress?
Willie Wiseguy— Chinaman!— Brooklyn
Life.
• • •
Disobedience to Orders.
"Fall in!" thundered the captain, as
they were crossing the Tugela. "Not me,
cap!" faltered the Dublin recruit. "Oi
can't shwim." — Chicago News.
• • •
Classic Arithmetic.
Brtltus— Hello, Caesar, how many eggs
did you eat for breakfast this morning?
Caesar — Et tv, Brute.— Exchange.
• • •
Arbitration.
Slimson — Willie, where did you get that
black eye?
Willie— lt's all right, father. I've only
been civilizing the boy next door. — Univer
sity of Chicago Weekly.
• • •
Mixed Spices.
"Don't you think he has wonderful con
trol over his voice?" said the young wo
man. "No," answered Miss Cayenne, "I
can't say I think that. He sings every
time any one asks him to."— Washington
Star.
• • •
Accommodating.
What have you got? he inquired, as
he seated himself at a table in the restau
rant. "Almost everything." replied the
waiter. "Almost everything? Well, give
me a plate of that." "Certainly.
'Hash!' " screamed the waiter. — Ohio
State Journal.
• • •
Spring Poets.
Miss Scribler— Why are so many poems
written on spring?
Miss Rhymer— Oh. one can't help but
write a poem on spring, you know! There's
ring, thing, ding. king, sling, bring, sing,
fling, wing, and a hundred other words all
rhyme with spring, you know.— Judge.
• • •
Beginning Early.
Visitor (viewing the new baby)— He's
the Very Image of his father.
Proud Mother— Yes; and he acts Just like
him. too.
Visitor— ls it possible?
Proud Mother— Yes, he keeps me up
nearly every night.— Chicago News.
"I am Sherlock Holmes," said the great
aetective; "I think you can Inform "
"Yes, sir," the man interrupted his
caller. "If you'll wait until I*r« pot the
baby to sleep I'll come down and talk to
you."
"Ah! Your second,'* said Holmes, sstil
ingr.
"Heavens! how did you guess it?**
"Very simple. If it were your Brat.
you'd wake it up to chow It to me. If you
had more than two you'd be at your club
about this time."— Philadelphia Press.
The Longest Sentence.
"How many of my scholars can re
member the longest sentence they ever
read?"
Billy— Please, mum, I can.
Teacher— What! Is there only one?
Well. William, you can tell the rest of
the scholars the longrest sentence you ever
read.
Billy— lmprisonment for life.— Tit-Bits.
• • •
Trouble Enough.
"Are yon a Boer sympathizer?" asked
one orator.
"No." answered the other.
"Filipino sympathizer?"
"No. '
"Why not?"
"Mebbe It's lack of time. I've b«en read-
Ing- about police scandals and political
feuds and about Innumerable poor be
nighted people who don't think as I d<\
and I haven t had time to so off the con
tinent. I'm simply a l\ a. A. sympa
thizer."— Washington Star.
• • •
The Wrong Shop.
"Hello!"
"Hello!"
"This Is General E. Thurston. Say. 1
want a case of beer and a dozen bottles
of rlaret sent to my address. 35.5— "
"We don't keep anything of that ktnd
tn stock, sJr."
"Tou don't? Isn't this Stlllhouse &
Brewer's office?"
"No. sir: this 13 the office of th"
Women's Branch of the Amalgamated
Societies for the Prevention of the
Spread of Alcoholism and — "
"Rine off:"— Chicago Tribune.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcaear— "Quo Ya£l»."
Col.f i:.:a — "A Bachelor's Romance."
Columbia— Wen's Minstrels.
TivoH— "The Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opera-house — "An Arabian Girl."
Or£/h«>um — Vaudeville.
Fischer's Concert. Hous* — "Cavallerl* Rustlcana,"
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — VauderUJe every afternoon and
«v*nin£.
Kerreatioti Park— Baseball.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Or.tral Park— Gentry' • Trained Animal Show.
Golden Gate Hall— Lecture to-morrow afternoon.
El Campo— l'ancißß. bowling, fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & Mendenhall— This day. Horses, at 1732 Market
street.
By W. G. L* yr.s— Monday evenlcf, Arrll 23. at 8 o'clock.
Hoix-s at 721 Howard street.
GOVERNORS ON ARID LANDS.
AT a conference held in Salt Lake City by Gov
ernors or their proxies of States included in
the arid region it was resolved to oppose the
leasing of the grazing lands, but to demand the ces
sion of all -the public domain to the States. It does
not seem to have occurred to the Governors and their
proxies that such wholesale cession is a far wider de
parture from the practice of the Federal Government
than the leasing policy which they oppose. Nor did
it occur to them that leasing the lands now, to pre
serve their forage and conserve the water supply, does
not at all interfere with their ultimate cession to the
States, but preserves* the sole value that they have
for the States or the people. The practice of the peo
ple of this country is the reverse of the cession of
lands to the States. The ordinance of 1787 accepted
the cession of the Northwest Territory by Virginia to
the Federal Government. The land became public,
Federal 1 domain, and five States were finally carved
out of it. From the beginning the principle has been
adhered to, that the ownership of the public domain
is in the whole people of the Union, until the Federal
Government patents it into private ownership. There
is no prospect that this policy will ever be changed.
The Governors and their proxies adopted a resolu
tion to "favor a cession of the said arid lands to the
several States wherein they are situated, under such
terms and conditions as will guarantee the
benefits of the free homestead laws to the
people of the United States, and will prevent said
lands, either by fee simple title or by the leasing
I thereof, from passing into the possession or control
of large companies, syndicates, corporations or
wealthy individuals in large quantities, to the exclu
sion of others, and under such conditions that the
: several States may have the income arising from said
j lands,,to be devoted to the reclamation thereof for set
i tlement by bona fide citizens."
The Governors intend by this to stigmatize the
Federal leasing system as in the interests of corpora
tions, syndicates and wealthy people, to the exclu
sion of others, which is absolutely untrue. But it is
evident that the Governors intend to lease the lands
if ceded to the States, for they say they want the "in
come arising from said lands" to reclaim and improve
them for actual settlers. If the ranges continue to be
used in common, as now, there will be no income:
and if they are subject to free homestead entry. as
under any system they should be, their transfer to
private ownership will produce no income for the
State.
Therefore the income they must yield, in order to
fit them for the private ownership of the actual set
tler, must come from leasing their use to stock men.
But the Governors and their proxies pledge them
selves to not lease them to companies, corporations,
syndicates nor wealthy individuals. This makes
necessary a condition in the State lease pledging the
leaseholder not to become wealthy out of grazing his
flocks and herds on his leaseholds, for that will dis
qualify him as a leaseholder.
If getting rich by the use of land is an offense pun
ishable by exclusion from such use, the Governors
and their proxies can logically draw no line between
the leaseholder and the freeholder. To be logical they
must insert in every State patent to a homesteader a
condition that he is to remain poor on his freehold,
under penalty of vitiation of his title.
If rich leaseholders are an abomination, they can
be abolished by taking away their leases. They arc
therefore an impermanent abomination and a fleeting
show. But the Governors will have the rich free
holder always with them as a chronic abomination
unless they condition his patent upon permanent iri
digence.
Several of the States represented by the Governors
have had large grants of public lands, in lieu of the
school sections lost in Indian reservations, and for
other purposes. In many cases these lands have been
leased in large tracts to exactly the same classes they
stigmatize, and also by the same Governors who do
the stigmatizing. Nor is the homesteader and bona
fide settler any bar to the acquisition of land by syn
dicates or others in large tracts, but is rather a con
venience thereto. The "Big Four," the Chicago meat
packers, have leased and acquired in the States repre
sented by these Governors, of State land, an area
nearly as large as Kansas, and are stocking it with
sheep. Swift, one of the packing combine, is buying
from the actual settlers to whom it was patented the
Camas prairie in Idaho, a tract about forty miles long
by twenty-five miles wide, and the settlers are pocket
ing their coin and raising their voices in favor of the
Governors' policy of State cession and actual settle
ment to prevent the wealthy getting land!
Conclusive Charges.
Vlsalia Times
The" Call is authority for the statement
that Federal officials are letting Chinese
land in violation of the exclusion act. As
the proprietor of The Call Is the National
Committeeman of the Republican party
for California, and the men he condemns
are Republicans, It Is fair to assume that
the evidence to support tho charges must
be pretty/conclusive.
When a delegation from Frederick, Md., was be
fore a Senate committee asking for $200,000 of war
damages, one of the delegates told Senator Depew
that the story of Barbara Freitchie is not a myth,
whereupon the New York statesman told the com T
mittee that Barbara had been one of the idols of his
childhood, and that when he played around his
mother's knee his heart throbbed with sympathy for
the old woman who had so nobly defied the foes of
her country. The display of Depew emotion was ex
tremely effective until some one asked him if he
thought the incident occurred in the w»r of 1812, and
r4minded him that he must have been about thirty
five years old when it occurred. As a freak of mem
ory that is hard to beat, but then Depew never was
able to determine exactly where his memory ends and
his imagination begins.
Uncle Sam appears to be in an extremely unfortu
nate predicament in his effort to force the Sultan of
Turkey to pay damages for certain depredations. The
Sultan has no money and can't fight. Uncle Sam
won't fight and can't collect. He ought to employ a
bad debt collector like John Bull. :
The Chinese Government has issued an imperial
edict guaranteeing protection to native Christians. If
the Government Would follow this order by another
keeping its "native sons" in the empire. Californians
would have legitimate ground for celebration.
If the smashing of idols continues we won't have
left a single hero of the Spanish war. Even "Teddy"
Roosevelt is now accused of being a quitter.
What England Pays for War Horses.
It Is difficult to estimate the enormous
expenses incurred by the English Gov
ernment for the transportation to South
Africa of necessary war material, and
especially so with respect to the horses
needed.
A Budapest newspaper, styled the
Sport and Hunting Journal, has calcu
lated the cost to the English for sending
to the Cape 3000 horses that the British
Military Commission has Just bought in
Hungary.
The average price of these horses was
$160. They will bo embarked at Flume
in the horse-steamer Mont-Liban, es
pecially arranged for the purpose, and
shipped direct to Durban. The voyage
will take from thirty-nve to forty days.
The cost price alone of the horses
amounts to $480,000. Add to this the ex
pense of transportation, custody and
food as far as Fiume, amounting to about
JGO.OOO. The expenses during the sea voy
age as far as Durban, including the
maintenance of the animals, pasturage
purchased at calling stations, etc.. ag
gregate $955,400. Adding all these charges
you have a total that Indicates that
every horse arriving in Durban has cost
England nearly $3000.
In France and Italy it is believed that
the maiden who buries a drop of her blood
under a rosebush will be rewarded with
rose-tinted cheeks.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Peanut crisps. New. Townsend's.
CONCERT BY THE
RUSSIAN ARTISTS
Messieurs 'Petschnlkoff and Hambourg
played to an enlarged audience yesterday
afternoon at what was to have been their
final concert. It is announced that they
will be heard here again next Friday af
ternoon at 3:15 o'clock.
The increased attendance is the best
possible proof that these artists are being
appreciated at something like their true
value. ¦ .
Just what that value is cannot be esti
mated at this early stage of their career,
but I feel no reluctance in prophesying
that the name of Petschnikofr is destined
to become enrolled with those of the
greatest masters of the violin. His play
ing is so sane and sincere and withal so
diamond-like in its purity, clearness
and brilliance; it is delicate and
Ftrong; ethereal and passionate— ln it
are combined accuracy and individualism
and a consummate technical facility that
compels amazement.
The programme yesterday was well se
lected and showed not only the rare
charm of the young violinist but displayed
the planistic powers of Mr. Hambourg
as well. Such fantastic compositions as
an intermezzo in octaves by ueschittsky,
a "Gavotte Moderne" by Hambourg him
self and Liszt's extravagances ! on the
Mendelssohn wedding march gave the
player ample opportunity to astound his
hearers, which he certainly did; but how
much of the esthetic essence of music his
wonder-working fingers created is another
question.
Petschnikoff is an artist: Hamboure a
prodigy. PORTER GARNETT.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
iJINGTON, April 20.— Theodore
DlerKS and family and 11. Braunschweig
of San Francisco are at the Riggs. E. H.
Vance of California is at the Shoreham.
PERSONAL MENTION.
M. G. Rhodes of San Jose is at the LJck.
Rev. \V. A. Brewer of San Mateo is at
the Palace.
Ernest Sevln, an attorney of Eureka, is
at the Lick.
Carrol Hutchins, a railroad man of Bos
ton, is at the Palace.
De Courtney Forbes, a New York club
man. Is at the Palace.
Fred Searls, a mining lawyer of Ne
vada City, is at the Palace.
Jackson Hatch, a well-known attorney
of San Jose, is at the Palace.
John D. McGilvray, a prominent con
tractor of Spokane, is at the Grand.
J. E. Rathbun, owner of stage lines run
ning out of Williams, is at the Russ.
J. A. Chanslor, who has big holdings In
the oil lands around Coallnga. is at the
Palace.
Fred Corn, owner of an extensive borax
plant at Santa Ana. and his wife, are at
the Russ.
James H. Norton and Charles R. Drake,
prominent business men of Tucson, Ariz.,
are at the Palace.
Doctors Ruggles of Stockton and Mat
thews of Sacramento, members of the
State Board of Health, are at the Grand.
A. D. McKenna, first vice president and
general solicitor of the Santa Fo Railroad
Company, with headquarters at Chicago,
is a guest at the Palace.
A WORD ON NATIONAL POLICY.
THE Chronicle attacks the Republican members
of Congress from this State for pledge-breaking
because they voted for the Porto Rican bill, it
quotes a plank in our State platform for 1898, pledg
ing these members to extend our revenue system to
Porto Rico and the Philippines. That platform was
made on August .24. 1898, before we had either Porto
Rico or the Philippines. Suppose that the treaty of
Paris had been different in its terms, and we had taken
none of these islands, would the Chronicle insist that
the piedge of our members would require them to ex
tend free trade to both?
Many questions, now plainly seen to be involved,
a ere not in sight at that time. A State platform can
not n:a.ke a national policy. That must be the work
of the whole party, of all the States, represented in
Congress or by delegates in a national convention.
The Republican platform of this State in 1896 was dis
tinctly for free silver. Will the Chronicle contend
that that makes a pledge-breaker of even- one of our
Congressmen who voted for the gold standard? It
rray ma!:? one contention just as well as the other.
The party in Congress, upon a larger and more in
timate view of the situation, decided upon the Porto
Rican bill as the present proper treatment of the is
sue. It became a party and caucus measure. Would
the Chronicle have had our members bolt and join
the free trade Democracy?
The Chronicle now demands that our members
declare that they will in the future "promote complete
freedom of intercourse between all parts of the
American Union," and upon those terms it will con
sent to forgive and take them back into its confidence.
This raises a question of the Chronicle's position.
Does it consider Porto Rico and the Philippines part
of the American Union? Does it agree with Mr.
Bryan a*jd the chairman of his National Committee
that "the treaty of Paris extended the whole constitu
tion, with all its privileges, immunities and blessings,
over Porto Rico and the Philippines"?
The same Senate which ratified the Paris treaty
and immediately after that act passed a resolution
vieclaring that it was not the intention of this Govern
ment to make the Philippine Islands an integral part
of this Union. The President himself stands in denial
of the proposition that they are now a part of the
Union and under the whole constitution. All of these
things go to absolutely nullify the free trade pledge
of the California platform of 1808. If these islands
rre part of the Union, and wholly under the constitu
tion, these people. Asiatic coolies and all, are citizens
of the United States, free commoners everywhere
within our borders, and voters in any State wherein
they have fulfilled its residence qualifications. That is
the end to which the Chronicle's position leads us.
We deny its premise. We uphold the Republican
position that these islands are not a part of the Union,
under the constitution. That position has, to back it.
the opinions of the Supreme Court, and of Jefferson,
the younger Adams, Jackson and Webster, all being
agreed that Congress has exclusive power to legislate
over the Territories and any acquisitions.
In the treaties with France, Spain and Mexico, by
which we acquired territory, we stipulated that the
subjects or citizens of those countries, resident
therein, became citizens of the United States, at their
or.tion. If the constitution followed the flag it car
ried citizenship to such residents, and the treaty
stipulation was unnecessary. That it had place in the
treaties was an acknowledgment by Jefferson. Mon
roe and Polk, respectively, that the constitution fol
lows neither the sword nor the flag. Those Presidents
were all Democrats.
The treaty of Paris rests on their interpretation of
the constitution. It omits to make citizens of the
j-fople of Porto Rico and the Philippines, but leaves
their civil status to be settled by Congress. We think
that the Chronicle will hardly insist that the consti
tution by its own vigor extends over them in all re
spects but this one, for the establishment of such a
doctrine will be found impossible. It is plain, there
fore, by constitutional construction and by precedent,
that neither those islands nor their people are in the
American Union, with all the privileges and immuni
ties and civil status conferred by the constitution. If
'hey were, it would be their misfortune and our
calamity. Conventions may resolve that we will re
tain them in perpetuity, but that declaration does
nothing to fix their status. That remains just where
the constitutional construction and acts of Jeffer-
Fon, Monroe and Polk leave it. subject to the will of
Cop press.
If the Chronicle choose to advocate the policy rf
Congress hastening to give them the full status of the
constitution, and admitting the soil to the Union and
the people to citizenship, that is a proper issue. Its
contention that this has already been done has not
a leg to stand on.
TELEPHONE EXTORTIONS
WHEN the McCarthy resolution requiring tele
phone companies to supply the patrons of the
telephone slot machines with the desired
switch before exacting payment comes up for re
consideration on Monday it should have the unani
mous support of the board. Those who voted against
it last Monday because they thought the subject had
not been sufficiently investigated by next Monday will
have had ample time to acquire all desired informa
tion. The issue is one of plain justice to the public,
and there is nothing in the resolution which can be
in any sense rightly construed as a wrong to the
company.
The aggressions of the telephone monopoly are be
coming more and more unbearable. It will be re
membered that when a proposition was made to im
pose upon the company a fair degree of taxation
one of its officers mockingly asserted that if the tax
were imposed the company would "put it in the bill"
and exact it from its patrons. Furthermore, it is to
be recalled that when the new charter was being
framed the company, by its astute attorney, cleverly
tricked the charter-makers into so framing the instru
ment as to exempt telephone companies from the
municipal supervision exercised over all other cor
porations controlling and operating public utilities.
These are specimens of the aggressions and eva
sions practiced by the company upon the public in the
way of tax-shirking and extortion, but it has other
ways of offending against public welfare. A com
plaint made by A. Aronson in an action against the
Pacific Telephone Company reveals another example
of the monopoly methods. It appears the company
desired to fasten its wires to Aronson's building, but
was not willing to grant any remuneration for the
privilege. Being refused the privilege the company
undertook to enforce it by bringing pressure to bear
upon the tenants of the building. A portion of the
building is occupied as a hotel, and it is alleged that
the telephone company, through its agents, ap
proached the proprietor and threatened that unless
she would prevail upon Aronson to grant the privilege
desired by the company the telephones would be re
moved from her hotel, and the three employes of the
company living at the hotel would leave her house
or else lose their positions. A physician rented
apartments in 'the hotel and was about to occupy
them. He ordered a telephone placed in the rooms,
but was informed that the. company declined to place
any telephones in that building, and the prospective
tenant was obliged to seek accommodation elsewhere.
The Gas Consumers' Association, occupying one of
the stores beneath the hotel, was notified to remove
the eleven regulators it had rented to the telephone
company. When asked for the reason for the sud
den change the company's officer said that they were
not needed, as the company did not burn gas. The
Gas Consumers' Association investigated and found
that the statement was not true, and complained to
Aronson that his action toward the company had
deprived his tenant of patronage. T. Brilliant and
Bush & Mallett, tenants of Aronson, were also noti
fied that their telephones would be removed.
That instance of attempted extortion on the part of
the telephone company is cited only because it is of
recent occurrence and is now before the courts. It
serves as a timely illustration of the aggressiveness of
the company. The abuse of exacting money from the
patrons of telephone nickel-in-the-slot-machines ?s
one of long standing and constitutes virtually a sys
tem of petty larceny practiced upon the public. It is
a wrong for which there is not one plea of justifica
tion to be urged. The McCarthy resolution does not
in any way even suggest retaliation for the many
wrongs, /ifTenses, exactions and extortions practiced
by the telephone companies in other ways. It aims
simply at the prohibition of that particular form of
fraud, and it is therefore the duty of the Supervisors
to enact it into law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
in South Africa it is safe to say the Russians would
never have succeeded in making their recent loan to
Persia, and it is probably due to the sanie war that
they are now so persistent in their efforts to. arrange
a -Korean loan. The British are not in a position to
protest with any great force,* and the only obstacle
in the way of Russian extension is Japan.
The Korean peninsula is a region of high commer
cial and strategic importance in that part of the world.
The extension of the Russian railways to the Pacific
Ocean renders Korea extremely valuable to the em
pire. It would be in many respects a more important
acquisition than Persia,. for while the control of the
Persian ports gives Russia an opening on the Indian
Ocean, the annexation of Korea would give the em
pire a dominating influence over all of Northern
Asia and make the eventual conquest of a large part
of China a comparatively easy task.
It is said at this time all that Russia asks is the
concession of a small amount of territory in Korea
or the island of Kokotu. These may appear small,
but the possession of either of them would bring a
powerful enemy close to the coasts of Japan. For
that reason the Japanese Government is watching the
progress of events with no little suspicion. It is clear
that if there is to be war, the sooner it begins the
better will it be for Japan. If the conflict be post
poned until the Siberian railroad is completed and
the Russians have established a single foothold in
Korea, the advantages Japan now possess will be lost.
Wars are too costly to be undertaken in these days
without grave reasons, and the crisis may pass in
peace, but there can be no doubt the danger of a
conflict is imminent
" Til Be Gosh Dinged if This New-Fangled Gun of Mine Ain't a Peach I "
—Pioneer Press.
S ATUR DAY - APRIL 21, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS> Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PIBLICATIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third. 8. P.
Telr»hoae Mala 18CS.
EDITORIAL. R00M5.... ?17 to 221 Bteve»«on St.
Telephone Mala 1574.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc .
Stasle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Slall. Including Postaset
DAILY CAJLL (iDdudir.c Sunday), one year M.OO
DAILT CALL i!r.c!ui!r.r Sunday). 8 months 8.00
DAJLT CALL (including Sunday), 8 months 1.-""
UAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
BUNDAT CALL One Tear 1.50
U~EEKt>T CALL One Year 100
All postmasters are authorised to recei-re
subscriptions.
Sample ooplee will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadwar
Sunday's Call I
APRIL 22, 19CXX O
A Startling Sensation a
Will Appear on the Frcnt Page H
I Look Out For It. M
First Prisoner of the Filipinos |
An Oakland Lad Tells His Own Story. |
Horrors of a Manila Hospital. |
A Stanford Boy Relates His Experiences. ||
The Greek Church of America. |
San Francisco Chosen the See City. y
Shakespearean Relics. II
They Are Coming to California. R
Maude Adams and That Gold |
Statue Affair. |
Electrical Indian Clubs, Wing- n
less Birds, Odd Pets. |
Freak Pages That Astonish. | \
I Barbed Wire Telephone Town [I I
Many Other Bright, Newsy Features Well f I ]
Written and Perfectly illustrated. IJ
1 THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. 3 !
6SUHDf.Y. 'APRIL 22, 2:30 P.M.
"IN -:- DARKEST -:- HUMAN -:- NATURE."
Lecture by DR. VICTOR O. VECKI.
ADMISSION 23c
GOLDEN GATE HALL. 6*5 Sutter street
FAMILY RESORT-EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-flve minutes" ride on the bay tn that
large, magnificent steamer, Uklah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing, boating, plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good order wtn be maintained.
Adults, 25 cents for the round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children between
6 and 12 years of age 15 cents.
Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Market street.
10:30 a. m.. 1 and 4 p. m. Leave El Campo
11:15 a. m., I and 5 p. m.
MET CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
61 per Year.
ADVEBTISE2HENTS.
U0 PAIN, TRIFLING EXPENSE.
A Simple, Harmless Bemedy for the
Cure of Piles.
A person contracts a cold, pneumonia,
rheumatism and pleurisy from exposure; !
dyppppsia and liver troubles from dietary ,
errors and the causes of most diseases are
easily traceable, but although piles and
rectal troubles are as common as any of •
these, the cause is obscure
Violent exertion, as in liftlnjr, sometimes ]
produces them and a sedentary occupation j
Is by Bone pupposr*! to be a predisposing
cause, but as a rule piles and rectal
troubles appear without apparent provo-
cation.
There ere many pile salves and oint-
ments which give temporary relief and
when these fail, the patient, If he can af-
ford the fipfnft and is willing; to take the
risk, has resource to a surgical operation.
But there is one remedy which plves lm-
mM!ate relief and the reirular use of
which will bring- about a permanent cure
and that Is the well known Pyramid Pile
Cure.
In long standing case* the Pyramid has
proven to be the only cure except a dan-
perous and exceedingly painful surgical
operation and its advantages over any
kind of operation are many, as it Is pain-
less, causes no interference with daily oc- j
cipatien, and being in the form of a sup- i
pository is always convenient and ready
for use.
The Pyramid Pile Cure is an effective
combination of soothing oils and antl-
peptic acids. It contains no cocaine nor
nerve-destroying opiates, and unlike most
p!lr salves, contains no bi-chloride of mer-
cury nor any poisonous, injurious drug of
any k«r.d.
All druggists sell the Pyramid Pile Cure
at &? cents for a complete treatment, of
the suppositories.
• A little book on cause and cure of piles
will be mailed free by addressing Pyramid
TDtus Co., Marshall, Mich 1
JL'ATlrc "Battleship lowa Matinee," TO-
IWUWLi DAY. Prices 23c. 50c. 75c.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY— Last Times!
VA/7VI. H. WEST'S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
NEW FEATURES THIS WEEK.
Remember— Last Performance Sunday.
prices woC, oDC, OUCj 1 0C, sfit
NEXT MONDAY,
U/ARD MIND \7OKES
in the Musical Farce,
THE FLOOR WALKERS.
Funnier than "A RUN ON THE BANK."
*TI VOLI*
AMIAWIZ? COME AND SEE!
ENORMOUS SUCCESS
OF THE SUPERB COMIC OPERA.
"THE WIZARD
T^^eT-fOF Mil P »
I To-day it! I the HILL i
EV/EINIINGS AT 8.
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), April SL
Parquet. 23c, any seat; balcony, 10c; child-
ren, 10c. any part.
THE HIT OF HITS!
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
AND ORPHEUM STARS.
MARZELLA; GUITANOS: FALKE: SER-
NON; DUNCAN; BELLMAN: MOORE:
BOBBY GAYLOR: DE FORRESTS; EMPIRE
COMEDY FOUR: HANVEY: COOLEY;
WILBUR: FULLER: SI STEBBINS.
DON'T LET THE CHILDREN MISS
MARZELLA'S PERFORMING BIRDS
And THE GUITANOS' PANTOMIME.
AND j MORE
ONLY ONE. I MATINEE.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:13 PROMPT.
And Last Performance Tu-nlsht of
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Bo Beautifully Presented by
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the Incomparable Nelll Company.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT.
First Performance by the Nelll Company of
Marguerite Merlngton's Charming Comedy.
"CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR"
E. H. Sothmi'a Moat Successful Play.
Next Thursday Afternoon— Special Matinee
Performance of "CAPTAIN SWIFT."
A startling sensation of in-
ternational importance will
appear upon the front page of
next Sunday's Call.
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Ferry Steamer Bay City in
Collision With Scow
Freemont. • '
J". P. O'Brien Tries to Commit Suicide
/ ;; From the Deck of the Oakland,
but Is Prevented by Sec
ond Mate Scott.
»
There was trouble on two of the ferry
steamers yesterday, j One of them was in
collision with a schooner and had a hole
punched In her side, while the crew of
the other had a struggle with a would-be
suicide.
The Bay City was on her way from
Oakland on the 12:45 p. m. trip when she
met the bay schooner Freemont. The
latter had the right of way, but luffed up
in order to allow the ferryboat to pass.
Without any warning the schooner was
put on her course again, and before the
steamer could be stopped the two came
together. The Fretmont's bowsprit stove
a hole in the Bay City's side, while her
running rigging tore away four of the
steamer's braces. The schooner's bow
sprit was carried away during the en
counter and her starboard railing was
stove in. She had to come to an anchor
in order to prevent drifting down on the
battleship lowa, but the Bay City made
her slip without any further mishap.
It waa blowing fresh at the time of tj\e
mishap and very few of the Bay City's
passengers were on the upper deck, so the
vessels had come together and separated
almost before any of them knew of the
accident.
A man named J. F. O'Brien, who gave
his address as .1033 Green street, made a
desperate attempt to jump overboard
from the steamer Oakland. During the
afternoon he put in an appearance at the
ferries and told Officer Campion that he
was going to commit suicide. "My life
has been one long light against adverse
circumstances," said he, "and now I am
going to end it all." Campion kept watch
on O'Brien, and when he boarded the
Oakland told Second Mate Scott to keep
watch on him. When the ferryboat was
nearing Goat Island O'Brien got Into a
dark corner and began taking off his
clothes. Second Mate Scott then locked
him up and turned him loose when the
steamer got back to San Francisco. By
that time O'Brien had changed his mind
and promised to go home and not again
attempt to end his life.
Strike on the Madrono.
The sailors on the lighthouse tender
Madrono quit the ship in a body yester
day. The Government has cut their wages
from $40 a month to $35, and the men as
sert that they can do better than that on
coasting vessels, so they walked out. The
Madrono returned from a cruise a few
days ago and went to Goat Island. Shortly
after she was lied up the men were noti
fied of the cut in wages. They said noth
ing until the tender came to the «eawall
yesterday, and then they quit in. a body.
Men are very scarce on the beach just
now, and the chances are that Uncle Sam
will have to do as he did in the case of
the revenue cutter Bear— go back to the
old rate of wages.
Run Down by a Hack. '
Fred J. Williams, who la employed In
the news-stand at the ferry depot, waa
run down by a hack yesterday and had
his right leg broken, besides receiving
other injuries. Williams, accompanied by
his little daughter, was boardinga car at
the ferries. A hack driven by T. J. Bell
came along at a good rate of speed and
before Williams could get out of the way
knocked him down and went over him.
The driver was arrested by Officer Cam
pion and locked up on a charge of battery,
while Williams was taken to the Harbor
Hospital, where Dr. Putnam set his
broken limb.
Water Front Notes,
The transport Aztec arrived from Ma
nila after a passage of 43 days, via Naga
saki 27 days: Hail the Aztec been run
ning- for the Mail Company she would
have made the run from Nagasaki in
Rbout 17 days acd the entire run in less
than 30 days. But as she Is under charter
to the Government at $300 per day there
was no necessity for hurry. The Aztec
took a load of mules from here to Manila
and comes back in ballast. The voyage
was an uneventful one.
The steamer Westminster has been re
chartered by Government and will
take a load of commissariat stores and
hay to Manila. '
The hospital ship Missouri will dock as
soon as the transport Warren goes to
Hunters Point. All her hospital stores
will be removed, and it now seems more
than probable that she will be turned into
a freight boat.
The steamer Manauense Is still in quar
antine. She made the run from Mahukona
in the good time of nine days, bringing
up 22,000 bags of sugar. She will return
to the islands as soon as she discharges,
carrying passengers and general cargo to
Kahulul.
NEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KKARNV AND WAoHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and .renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, sOc to II iO day;
ti to li week; S3 to $30 month. Fre« baths; hot
and cold water every room: tire grates la «*•*/
room; elevator run* all night.
The Secrets of Planets Revealed.
The Immense telescope which Is now In
process of construction Is expected to bring
the moon within a mile's eyesleht of' this
world, and to reveal the secrets of all planets.
It may cause as great a change in the world's
thought an Ho«tetter"» Btomach Bitters does
In the physical' condition of sufferers from
dyspepsia. constipation, liver or - kidney
troubles. The Bitters strengthen the entire
system, and also prevents malaria, fever and
arua. Try It.
Past High Chief Rangers.
There was a meeting Wednesday In Red
Men's Hall of a number of past chief
rangers of the local courts of Foresters
for the purpose of forming an association
of past chiefs, which shall have for its
object the creation of a higher degree.
Inere was a preliminary organization,
with E. A. Mack, D. S. C. R.. as tempo
rary chairman and P. L. Griffith, past
chief of Court Apollo, temporary secre
tary. There will be another meeting In
two weeks.
CENTRAL PARK, S-ggS
TWO WEEKS. Be?innln£ Saturday. April Mth.
Trained Animal Show!
Larcer and Grander than Ever. Twice Its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants, Ponies.
Monkeys and Dogs. Giving positively the most
unique and povel exhibition ever witnessed
under canvas Representing the highest pos-
sible development of animal Intelligence. 75—
WONDERFUL ACTS— 7S. More startling and
difficult than ever performed by their human
prototypes In the sawdust arena. The fad of
the fashionables and an Instructive show for old
and youne, A most moral 'and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Admission— Children. 10c;
Adults. 25c. Performance at 3 o'clock after-
noon, 8:30 night. See Grand Parade at noon
e»r*h daw Show rain or shlnp
BASEBALL!
Stockton
San Francisco
TO-DA V AT 3 r.M.
SUN DA V AT2:3O /*. AT.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
Has Jumped Her Bail.
Marie Henhe, alias Lizzie Hall, alias
Lizzie Higglns, has Jumped her bail of $50
and a bench warrant Is out for her arrest.
She failed to appear in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday to answer the charge of
vagrancy and incidentally the charge of
trying to Induce two young girls, Mabel
Brown and Lottie Dennl«on, to go with
her to Duluth. Minn.' Chief Sullivan yes
terday morning received a dispatch from
the Chief of Police in Duluth stating that
the woman was a bad character and that
her alleged husband, Charles P. Hall, the
Alaska miner, had not married her there.
The police will make no effort to arrest
her. as they consider the city well rid of
such a character.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
GRAND
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
THE BARTONS VS. DAVIS & HEARD
AND MANY OTHERS.
Balloon Ascension To Morrow Afternoon
Order Seats by Phone. Park 23.
Doesn't Want the Commissioner.
The Pacific Mutual Debenture Company
has applied for a writ of prohibition to
prevent Andrew J. Clunle, the Insurance
Commissioner, from interfering in the pe
titioner's business. Clunie claims the
business of the company brings It under
the Insurance laws, and the suit for a
writ of prohibition will have to settle the
matter.
Theater Goers
Consider an evening Incomplete unless they
have one of Zinkand'n famous late suppers. •
Opposes Overhead Wires.
The Merchants" Association yesterday
petitioned the Board of Supervisors not
to permit any more district telegraph or
messenger wires to be erected overhead
unless they are maintained in the man
ner prescribed by the underground ordi
nance, namely, that all euch wires shall
be erected so as to cross the streets at
one common point In each block.
PISCHER'C
JL CONCERT HOUSE K^
122-124 O'FARRELL ST.
E. A- FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall tn America.
HINRICHS' SUPERB ORCHESTRA.
THE BEST MUSIC.
THE FINEST VOICES,
PATRONIZED BY THE BEST PEOPLE.
GRAND OPERA FOR ONE DIME!
NO RESERVED SKATS.
COME EARLY AND AVOID THE RUSH.
GREAT BILL.
SIGNORINA BARr>UCCI. SIGNORINA POL-
LETTINI. SIGNORINA PUERERI. SIGNOR
BADARACCO. SENOR VARGAS. THE BEAU-
TIFUL SALVINI. THOMAS DUNN. THE
WONDERFUL BOY SOPRANO.
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
10c ADMISSION Mo
Afi&stsro
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
Every Night at 8 O'clock, Including 1 Sunday.
3D WEEK aho
CONTINUED SUCCESS!
"QUO VADIS!"
Reserved Seats Six Days In Advance.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
No Money for Civil Service Board.
Anditor Wells said yesterday that he
wculd rot audit the salary demands of
the Civil Service Commissioners, because
the court has Issued an injunction re-
Ftraining him from so doing. The mem
bers of the commission do not appear to
be troubled as to the result, and prepara
tions for the coining examinations are
now in progress.
The Divorce Mill.
Divorce suits have been filed as follows:
George M. Haney against Rilla Haney,
desertion; W. J. Tacone against Virginia
L. Tacone, infidelity: William McCaw
against Sophia M. McCaw. desertion:
Charles J. Bagg against Carrie Reynold
Bagg, desertion. Harriet L. Sklllman has
been granted a divorce by Judge Cook
from Oliver E. Skillman, the custody of
the minor child being awarded to the
mother.
GRAND JURY INDICTS
SCHOOL BOARD RING
Swift, Burns and O'Brien to Again Be
Brought to Trial for Alleged
Swindles.
The Grand Jury yesterday filed an In
dictment In Judg-e Bahrs* court against
Edward D. Swift for felony In obtaining
money by false pretenses under the firm
name of Swift & Co. The indictment re
cites that Swift by false and fraudulent
representations obtained possession of
goods and money of the city and county
in the sum of JKI 92^; that he falsely
pretended to have delivered to the Board
of Education on June 18. 1597, and on other
dates, 295.750 fancy shingles at |1 90 per
thousand, whereas he did not deliver the
shingles at all. though he was paid the
sum stated by the city ffcr so doing.
Indictments were also returned against
Thomas A. Burns and John J. O'Brien
for defrauding the city and county out of
$SllO. Burns Was a member of the School
Board and O'Brien Inspector of Buildings
when the alleged frauds were perpetrate
and it is charged that they were in col
lusion with Swift. The cases against the
accused were brought to trial recently
but they escaped on a technicality.
Bail was fixed at $2500 for Swift and $2000
each for Burns and O'Brien.
The Grand Jury also considered the
complaint of Mitchell Ackenhell, at Sut
ter-street car conductor, who accuses Na
gel & Mitchell of defrauding him out of
$114. The firm acted as his attorneys in
a suit against the road for damages, and
Ackenheil claims that they Induced him
to pay the money for court fees. They
then had him sign an agreement purport
ing to give them one-fourth of all they
recovered, when. In fact, it was a surren
der of the $114, of which he was Ignorant,
because he cannot read English.
%& KJm Iml n$ HOUSE
PHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE 3 TO-DAI AND TO-MORROW.
THE TALK OK THK WHOLE CITY.
GENUINE TRIUMPH OF OUR NEW YORK
COMPANY IN THE GREATEST EX-
TRAVAGANZA PRODUCTION SAN
FRANCISCO HAS EVER
KNO^VN.
DAVID HENDERSON'S FAMOUS
AN ARABIAN GIRL
Or ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVEa.
CROWDED EVERT NIGHT.
Scats on Sale Two Weeks la Advaac*.^—
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at Saturday-
and Sunday Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium. .
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
There is no strength and ambition to work when the
nerves and body are weak or diseased. Paine's Celery
Compound sustains the strength of the nerves and of the
stomach, liver and kidneys.
REV. FRED PFEIFFER, SEDALIA, MO., Writes:
"My nervous system was entirely broken down by overwork. I could not eat nor
sleep. For four months I was in the hospital, but without any decided benefit. At last
I purchased a bottle of Paine's Celery Compound, and soon felt its wonderful curative
effects. Four bottles of the Compound restored me to health and strength; I am now
ambitious to work, have a good appetite and sleep well."
CIVIL SERVICE
ENLARGES ITS
FIELD OF WORK
Operating as a Free Employ
ment Bureau for Those
Who Need Help.
Profession nJ and Business Men ' Wan
ting Clerks and Laborers Now
Draw From Eligible List
cf Candidates.
*
The municipal Civil Service Commission
of this city has found itself In a new
field of usefulness not contemplated by
the r.ew charter. It has unintentionally
become a free employment feureau. Quite
a number of merchants, brokers, lawyers
and others having use for help In their
respective lines have successfully applied
to the commission for the desired mate
rial.
So far the commissioners have only
made examinations in a limited number of
classes. After the municipal departments
were filled with the successful applicants
a larere number of copyists, stenographers,
typewriters, bookkeepers. clerks, etc..
were placed on the "eligible list." Busi
ness and professional men were not long
:a flr.dirß- that in tsis list were people who
could do good work In other than city
service.
Applications have been made to the
commission by many business firms tor
competent help. J. R. Freud, president of
the commission, stated yesteraay that all
applicants for city positions must fur
nish credentials of good character, trust
worthiness, etc.. and the commission as
certains their ability at the examination.
The ii.<t of t-iigibles will always be larger
than the municipal requirements and not
a few wouM be glad to accept employ
ment In private pursuits rather than to
wait for a place in the city government.
As the examinations progress and the
commissioners pass upon the merits of
candidates for places as draughtsmen,
janitors, teamsters, engineers, tinners.
carr»-nt»rs and other branches of indus
try. Mr. Freud is of the opinion that there
will be larpe lists of excellent workmen In
excess of ih» city's requirements.
Judging from the number of applications
already made to the commission and the
possibilities when the field is enlarged,
Mr. Freud believes that the commission
will be the means of filling many positions
In private life to the satisfaction of em
ployer and employed.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY.
«'-» -HE past week has been rather quiet
j so far as actual sales of realty are
J^ concerned. Dealers say that the in
terest Is growing In retail business
properties. The most Important event of
the week perhaps was the announcement
of the acceptance of the plans for the con
struction of a ten-story building on Mar
ket street, near the gore formed by
Geary, Market and Kearny streets, for the
Mutual Savings Bank, to cost from $230,
000 to $300,000. Considerable progress has
been made in tearing down the old-time
buildings on the northeast corner of Cali
fornia and Montgomery streets to clear
the ground for the eleven-story building
to be erected for Alvinza Hayward. The
elte for the erection of the fine new Cal
laghan estate building at Market and
McAllister Is also practically cleared of
old shacks. '
It is an uncommon thing to see three big
buildings In course of erection at one time
in this city, and the spectacle will be
taken as a substantial evidence of pros
; perity.
The large business block on the south
: east corner of California and Front streets
1 will soon have two stories added to it and
I will also be provided with two elevators
and otherwise improved by the owners.
; This Is In the heart of the downtown
I wholesale section.
The Real Estate Record published by
jG. H. Umbsen & Co., calls attention to
• ! the large improvements in progress in the
; district east of Third street and south of
i Market street. Among these are the fol
lowing: The Miller, Sloss & Scott building,
' that will cover an entire fifty varas on the
. f=outh corner of Mission and Fremont
streets, and adjoining on the nfty-vara lot
en the east corner of Mission and First
s-treets. the children of the late Colonel
Crocker will erect a building of five sto
ries. On the east corner of Kirst and Jes
sie streets Louis Metzger has put up a
four-story brick structure of granite and
brick containing stores and lofts, while
his partner, Louis Schoenberg. is Just fin
ishing a five-story store and office building
j on the north corner of Second and Jessie
i streets. An addition to Mission street, on
i the southeast line, between New Mont
j cry and Third streets, is the great six
story construction of Edward McLaughlin
of stone, terra cotta and pressed brick.
I and on the north corner of Mission and
j Annie streets Herbert Law is about to
build a five-story brick structure. George
j E. Dow has completed a five-story brick
factory on the southeast side of Natoma
street, between First and Fremont streets,
while a three-story brick warehouse has
been built by Edward E. Kentfield on the
i west side of Beale street, between How
ard and Folsom streets, and Henry E.
Bothin Is completing a handsome brick
machine shop on the west corner of First
and Clementina streets. Other prominent
improvements are the Morgan manufac
tory and warehouse building on the south
west corner of Second and Stevenson
streets, the large warehouse being built
by Major Tilden on a double flfty-vara lot
on Spear and Main streets, between Fol
som and Harrison streets, and three four
story brick manufacturing and business
buildings on the east eide of Fremont
street, between Mission and Howard.
An auction sale was held by Easton &
Eldridge last Tuesday. Two two-story
flats or Fix and seven rooms and bath, on
the lot 25x106:3 feet fronting on Clayton
street, 27S feet from Frederick, brought
$5650. A two-story building on the north
side of Union street. Nos. 2002-2004, con
taining a store and flat of seven rooms,
near the west Fide of Buchanan street,
went for $4250. The lot was 27:6x110. The
largest single piece was the twelve-room
resfdence on the northwest corner of
Lombard and Jones streets. The lot is
73:6x65:9. There was a mortgage of SSROO
on th© property. The sale was for $9000,
subject to the approval of the court. Three
flats on the west side of Broderick street
of six. six and four rooms, the lot being
25xKiO. and situated 125 feet north of Grove
street, were sold for $5000. A corner lot on
Pacific Heights, at the southwest corner
of Washington and Lyons streets, and
two flats on the north side of Point Lobos
avenue, K8 feet east of Fourth avenue,
brought respectively $3000 and $3050.
Easton & Eldridge also report the fol
lowing sales: A. H. Quatman to G. A.
Blank, northeast corner of Clement and
Fourth avenue, lot 32:6x100 feet, two stores
and fiats, $7300; estate of Grace Cothorne
to T. Tyndall. south side of Howard
street. 212 A east of Twelfth street. 25x100
feet, two flats, $5250, subject to conflrma
two of Superior Court; Mary Butz to Ed- j
ward Maggott, west side of Flllmore |
street, 103 feet north of Sacramento, 25x
svfl feet, two flats of four and five rooms,
$4500- \V. F. Lapidge to L. O. Adams,
northeast corner of Nineteenth and Lap
idge streets. 30x100, unimproved. $40W;
Dean -estate to John Brandt, north side
£J Twenty-ninth street. 23 feet west of
Tiffany. 53x70 feet, unimproved, $1325;
Dean estate to John Brandt, north corner I
of Twenty-ninth and Tiffany streets. 30x i
i 0 feet. HMO: j. c. Schmidt to E. Cook,
west side of Twenty-fifth street. 202:6 east
of Howard. 20x70 feet, residence seven
rooms and bath. $22W; north side of Jack
pnn street. 80 feet west of Cherry, 77:6x80
fe<»t, $40^0.
Sol Oetz & Brother have cold the follow
ing properties lately: One four-room cot
tage and lot 2SxlfV), on northwest line of
Athens street, rear Persia avenue, for
$7f-0; one fnur-rocm cottage and lot 25x100,
on Cotter street, near Mission, for $1000- I
Int 2F.XS.';. on west line of First avenue, j
74:71* feet south of Lake street, for $1500
lot 25x120. en west line of Eleventh ave
r.ue. 273 feet couth of Point Lobos. for
$7Ty); lot 20x120. on west line of Ninth ave
nue. 43.72 feet north of N street, for $600
lot 25x100. on wrst line of Ninth avenue,
125 feet north of L street, for $700- lot
200x120. on northeast corner of O street
nnd Forty-fourth avenue, for $COO- lot I
25x120. on west line of; Eleventh avenue |
100 feot north of J street, for $750; lot i
50x100, wtth six-room cottage, on south !
line of X street. 57:6 feet west of Ninth '¦
avenue, for $.'5000; lot 25x120, on west line <
of Ninth avenue. 100 feet north of L '
street, for $700; lot 50x100, on south line |
of I street, 32:6 feet east of Thirty-sixth
avenue, for $400; lot 50x120. on west line
of Eighteenth avenue. 125 feet north of J
street, for $600; four lots in block B, Getz'a
addition to I^akeview.
Scott & Harris report the following
pales: From Margaret Casey to F. J.
Speck. lot on the north side of Twenty
third street. 40:6 east of Sanchez, with
two flats, $3000; from Thomas S. Taylor to
Rudolph Reimer, lot on the southeast cor
ner of Filbert and Stelner streets,
62;6x<2:6 with two small flats, $2250; from
N. N Wilson to F. A. Robbing Presa
"Works, lot on the west side of Fremont
street. 275 feet south of Folsom, 22x137:6,
with two flats. $4400; from W. M. Morgan
to James Burke, lot on the north side of
Clara street. 75 feet west of Rltch, 25x75,
with seven tenements, $3100: from
Lucius L. Solomons to James Burke, two
flats and lot 32:6x50, on the northwest cor
ner of Lombard and Broderick streets,
$4400; from Annie Ambrose to E. Ursin,
lot on the north side of Natoma street,
between Eighth and Ninth, 25x75, with
two cottages, $2000; also lot on Twenty
seventh avenue, between H and I streets,
25x120. $150, and two lots on Twenty-eighth
avenue, between H and I etreets, 25x120,
$150 each.
The building contracts of the week are
for large buildings, but the average num
ber of buildings of the smaller class is on
the list. They are scattered over all sec
tions of the city.
Attention has been called to the excel
lent work accomplished by the Nine
teenth-avenue Boulevard Club, in the dis
trict south of Golden Gate Park. The
boulevard is now curbed, graded and
macadamized and on official grade for
over a mile and a half from the electric
line and H street as far south as R street.
The work is progressing in the direction
of W street and the Ocean road to connect
with Ingleside. The total expense to the
property owners for street work alone will
be over $50,000. In addition quite a large
sum was subscribed and expended for the
planting of bunch grass west of Nine
teenth avenue to prevent the drifting of
sand over the driveway. The club also
has persuaded the Spring Valley Water
Company to put in a water main along H
street as far west as Nineteenth avenue,
supplying residences with water. Gas
mains will soon be extended along to the
Nineteenth-avenue boulevard. The offi
cers of the club are: Charles W. Pope,
president, and Carl Larsen, secretary.
H. E. Poehlman, real estate agent, has
removed to 316 Montgomery street, near
Pine. . *
The firm of Russell & Surrhyne has dis
solved. F. B. Surrhyne will carry on the
business solely at 13$ Montgomery street.
Builder J. H. Young, who recently pur
chased two lots on Regent street, in Oak
land, 50x118 feet, has sold one lot and
will soon build a house on the other.
PUGET SOUND FLEET RACING FOR PORT.
The bark Levi G. Burgess and ship Occidental, each eight days from Tacoma; the schooner Ida Schnaur, ten days
from Port Gamble, and the ship Spartan, ten days from Seattle, made the Farallones in a bunch yesterday. The Spartan
was the first to get In. while it was nip and tuck between the Burgess and Occidental for second place. A stiff north
west breeze blew all yesterday and in consequence a big fleet of coasters made port.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MKYKRS A CO. conduct the
largest and best equipped medical lnstl- ¦
tutlcn and have the most extensive prac- .
tlce in the world. They avoid the use
of all mineral, poisonous or dar.gerous
drugs nnd electric belts. All their
remedies are carefully compounded In
their private laboratory, without cost to
their patients.
SPECIALISTS— EsUbIiahed oetrly 20 yean.
Advice and Consultation Free.
¦Aa I v E _t*t3 Q *(3 i 9
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any San Francisco bank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay In monthly installments.
731 Market St . S. F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS— Daily.- 8
to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 3 to 11.
f\ IFT nnif I I Corner Fourth and
PALL UIIV ft I Mart "t. 8. F. Try
llirrnlllUl our Special Brew
-- VaJUses checked free.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIT0BNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
APRIL 21 TO MAT $. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, TSum-
day. Friday and Paturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp-
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. I:S>. 2. 2: JO and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance tr> the
track. La?t two cara on train reserwd for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All tralr.a via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Aiameda mole con-
nect wtth San Pablo avenue ears at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Th*«w» electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains lpave the track at 4: IS and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
VS.
7BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
II S tor X .nd n^ 5n R e f S ' rOIIATIV£ - LNVHSOBA-
•rJme f^ SS t t hJ!*'2 nderf , u k llllhrodlslae ««* Special
t»!» i?JJ s «ual Or K an* for both sexe*.
DtXi and nSsrt neia^ 3 f, fol> Vla ****» ot the K!d-
NABER. ALFB & BRCNE. Agents.
K3 Market »t.. S. F._<s«. nd tor CircMitt.t
7:30 ami SrPOaml 110:40 am [10:25 ana
3:SO pm! S:CO pm| Sebastcpol. I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Yin* May Hawkins Will Help Every
Woman Save • Drunkard.
A Trial Package of Her Marvelous
Home Treatment F R E E for the asking".
Any true woman miff bt \._4 be proud to have
saved one poor soul from the shackles of drink, but
M rs.Ha wk ins has redeemed thousands by her nobla
and practical work among- those who nave bee*
victims of intempcrancs. Mrs. Hawkins for year*
Buffered the crriet and anguish shared by so many
true and faithful women of America to-day, who
have drink-afflicted fathcrs,husbandsorsons. She
determined to overcome this fearful evil if possible.
Her search fcr a harmless, perfsct and secret home
cure was at last rewarded when an old friend cams
to her and pave her a remedy which had never beea
known to fail. Mrs. Hawkins gave the remedy sec-
retly and in a few weeks, to her grc at joy.her dearest
relative was entirely cured of his appetite for drink
and waa again restored to health and manhood. I
After this wondr rfut result, Mrs. Hawkins de-
cided to devote her life to the work of helping her
slsterBevcrywhcre,whom she found Bufferinar a3 she i
had suffered from the effects of alcohol upci. a hus>
band, father or son. With the assistance of others
she perfected tho oricrinal treatment and now
offers to send this treatment free to any distressed
wife, mother or sister who will write for It. Mrs.
Hawkins has means of her own and no charge
whatever Is made for the treatment, because her
great desire is that every woman who needs this
medicine will write at once to her and get it.
A Grateful Woman.
MRS. MAY IIAWKINB, Grand Rapid*. Mich. —
My Dear friend:— You have beer, the means of bring,
ins Runshino into my homo. Last Anirast I rot your
remedy and bocan Firing it to my husband, and from
that time until tho rjreaent he hat net taken a drop of
any kind of alcohoho drinks. I cannot uy too much for
what your remedy has don* for mo and I urea it as a
helper to any mother, sister or wife who ahull need it.
Yours sincerely MBS. H. A. LAKE.
East Hampton, Me., Feb. 14, ISffi*,
Thousands have saved their banes and loved
ones by this remedy and you can beamonprthennm-
ber If you only wish It. Mrs. Hawkins treatsevery
letter she receives sacredly confidential I and yon
need have no hesitancy whatever in wrltie? her for
assistance. Do not delay; write her trday. Address
Kits. May Hawkins, Bos 128 Qrand Rapid*. Mich,
PECULIAR FISH CAUGHT.
Has a Head Xrike a Wolf and a Fair
of Enormous Tusks.
E;«c1&l Dltpttch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. April 20.— The
most peculiar specimen of a fls\ ever seen
here was brought in to-night by the hali
but eteamer New England. It was caught
off the coast of the Queen Charlotte Isl
ands on Tuesday by two dorymen. named
Ham Harris and Tom Smith. The flsh Is
over liftef-n feet long and weighs about
1200 pounds.
It is shaped rather like a blackflsh
but the skin is velvety and the fins are
ranged along the back in an altogether
unique manner. Its head is very email
for the size of the body and has the ap
pearance of the head of a wolf. Its ex
pression Ss fearful and the ferocious ap
pearance is added to by a pair of enor
mous tusks, which protrude Jive Inches on
oith'T side of the mouth. The two men
nearly lost their lives in killing the fish
In the rage of Its fight it threw itself half
over the dory, and if another had not
come to their assistance the boat would
have been swapped.
Natural Gas Discovered.
Filial DiFpatch to The Call.
CORNING. April 20.— 1t Is reported by
reliable parties that natural gas and good
indications of coal have beon discovered
about fifteen tr.iles west of this place. The
discovery has been kept secret, although
nn expert h.is been on the ground. Great
developments are expected.
A Stanford University man
who went to the Philippines
in an infantry company of
college men gives his own
personal experiences as a pa-
tient in the military hospital
at Manila. This article will
appear in next Sunday's Call
and will give you a better idea
of what these men suffered
than any other account ever
published. B?S
SOLDIERS ARE
CLOSING IN ON
THE APACHES
Battle With Renegade
Indians Is Daily
Expected.
Esedal Dispatch to The CalL
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 20.— Lieutenant
Dorsey Cullen of the Ninth Cavalry, sta
tioned at Fort Grant, left a few days ago
with a detachment of cavalry to take th«
trail of the Chiricahua Apaches who shot
J. D. Mack, a mining man, in Plnara
Canyon two weeks ago. The trail was
taken up by a detachment from Fort
Grant Immediately after the outrage was
reported and a skirmish with the Indi
ans was reported to have taken place.
Indian trailers attached to the command
were placed on the trail of the retreatnlg
Apaches, but the renegades succeeded In
covering their tracks and the trailers
were compelled to return to the fort.
Later tho trailers were provided with five
days' rations and they were reported as
having found a fresh trail of the murder
ous Apaches. They took up the trail and
followed It into the Chlrlcahuas until it
was completely obliterated by snow
which fell in a storm that overtook the
trailers in the mountains. The storm wa.s
of short duration, and as soon as the
snow melted the trailers resumed their
work, and Lieutenant Cullen and hi 3 com
mand of troopers are following closely
on the heels, of the Indians.
A fl|?ht with the renegades Is expected
at any time. Chris Grauor, a cowboy who
met the soldiers In the Chlrlcahuas, came
In to-day. He said that Lieutenant Cul
len thought he would Boon overtake the
Indians.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroaiSU msClSCO— r»« «r Mirktt Strut (S!i» 3)—
•7:15 900 11:00 A.M. }l:03 *2:C3 |3:C3
•4:00 15:03 *t:ttr.u.
rromOllUKD— r»»it!it»tiwj.— "«:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
t13:03 "1:30 13:03 '3:03 tI:C3 -S:s3r.u.
COAST IHflSlOa (llroaiitiauge).
(Third mid Towincml St».)
10: 1 O* Oeenn View. South H»n Francisco.. 1O:»«P
titOOA H»n Joiio ¦•¦.! W*y SUlimn (New
Alnim.lr.i We.liiei.Uyn oiilj) "liaOp
17i80a Sunday Eicursion tct San Joa^
Mant» Cniz, Pacific Groro and
Priurfpal W*y Stations ;S:33f
•OiOOa Ran Ji»«. Tre» l'iiio*. MaiiU <>¦«.
raclllo <Jro»«. Taio lloblea, San
).iits OMmmi. Surf. Lompoc and
Principal \V«r HUtlmi« l*' MM * T
•lot«n* San Ju«« «mt Way SUtJona.. ..... •«•»»*
¦(¦ISO* Ban.l«Hn>.L<»Gato9.iii.l\V»ySUtlona •SiSOp
t'Ji'lSr 3an Matro. Uedwootl, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, H»n .lose,
TrM Pinoa. Santa Crux. Salinas.
Monteiry iii'l Tactile flroTo flUin^A
fliXMr San .lose anil Way StaUoi.i !7:?"'! 7: ?"'
MilSr Ran Jose ami Principal WayStaMou* *!>:43a
13:0WrSan Jos'. Lot Oatos and Principal
WayHUtionf tO:O»*
•3t3Or San Jose and Principal Way Stations t*«:as »
•Giaor San Jossand Way Stations t*:<><>*
b11:45r 3an Jose and Way Stations «?;3»p
A for Morulnj. P (or A fternoon.
¦Daily. f Sunday cieeptrd. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only,
a Saturday and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Francisco*
I P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Franclsew at 5:30
FYDDFS^ p. m. with Palace and Toarist
r»A ii v car 3 for Kansas City, St. Loais,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Han fort!, Visalia, Tnlars n/wn
and Bakersfleld. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
"FRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Maia
TKIdUU 3UUPI 153 X. Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
&anta Clara. Street.
BAILBOAD TBAVEIi.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
¦Weekly -Call, ,SI.OO per Year.
The note circulation of" the Bank of
France at the opening: of ¦ January— JS32,-
599,000— was the largest In the history of
the institution.
The people of Kansas have $50,000,000
laid up In their own banks, practically all
of it deposited since the Republican ad-
ministration came Into - power.
What Happened to Uncle George
Bromley on his 83rd birthday is told
at length in to-day's News Letter. The
big breakfast at the Bohemian Club is
described, and many of the letters and
poems written in honor of "Uncle"
George by the foremost Bohemians of
the world are published for the flrst time.
The regular departments are as indepen
dent and brilliant as ever. < sanam
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISM.
JTROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAXXJR
AND 3AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— •7:OO. "9:30. 11:00 a. m.; n:43L
•1:40. 6:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturday*
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. »10:00. "ll:* a. m.; nui
1:15. *4:45. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEX. TO. B AN FRANCISCOt
WEEK DAYB-6:IS. »«:35. 7:45. »9:40 aTiall
•11:20, 2:15. *3:40. »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays «"4
Saturdays at 6:40 'and 10:15 p. m.
BUNDATS- 6:20, *8:00. nO:M. *U:45 a. m,l
n:4O. '3:15. 4:45. *«:20 p. m. *
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
J"ROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:4S. «:<3. 7:55. 5:45 a. m-i
JJ:3S, 2:85. 3:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:30 p. m.
FUXPATB— «:<*. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05. t:l3, t:SX
1:00. t:45 p. m. •
THROUGH TRATNS.
TIOO a. m. week days-^Caz&dero and way stations
1:40 p. m. Saturdayß-^Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a, m. Sundays— Tomales and war station*.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 ami S:4'> am
and
5:10 pmf 5:00 prnf Glen Ellen. | «:C5 pmf «:20 pm
Week I Sun- I . I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination.! days. ] Days.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive-
fan Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1300.) San Francisco.
WALES GIVEN A
WARM WELCOME
BY LONDONERS
Populace Rejoices Over His
Return Unscathed From
Copenhagen.
LONDON, April 20.— The Prince of
Wales arrived at Dover this evening on
his return from his visit to Copenhagen,
and the occasion was marked by scenes of
remarkable enthusiasm. The return of
the Prince . was made the occasion for
spontaneous demonstrations of enthu
siasm by thousands of persons who
thronged the Charing Cross station and
its approaches, waiting patiently to show
their gladness at the heir apparent's es
cape from death. The whole route to
Marlborough House, especially the Mall,
was thick with people, and the police had
the utmost difficulty In controlling the
crowds. The Duke of York awaited his
father's arrival on the platform and when
the train bearing the Prince drew In a
mighty shout went up from the mass of
spectators.
By that time the King of Sweden, now
on a visit to England, his white head
inches above the-.- waiting crowd, had
Joined the Duke of York. -vr
When the Prince of Wales stepped out
of the train he was affectionately greeted
and congratulated by his son and the vis
iting sovereign, and amid tremendous
cheering he entered a carriage and drove
off with the Duke of York. Behind his
closed vehicle was an open carriage con
taining- King Oscar, who received an ova
tion which almost equaled in enthusiasm
that of the Prince of Wales, and to which
his Majesty vigorously replied by waving
his hat, which urged the crowd to still
further enthusiasm. , All along the route
similar scenes occurred, the crowds around
Marlborough House being particularly
large.
The spectators of the Prince's homecom
ing consisted chiefly of the well-dressed
and eminently respectable residents. From
their comments it was evident how gen
uine and heartfelt was the gladness over
the Prince s escape from Sipido's bullet
The most common remark was, "How
well he looks," and from the. women.
What a blessing he has come back safe
and sound."
• King Oscar's unexpected and democrat
ically expressed enthusiasm created in
tense delight and made that monarch
quite the hero of the hour.
COAST 1)1 VISION CVarrotr Uange).
(Footof Murket Street.)
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9XO. 11:00 v. m. : 12:33.
I:S0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^Extra trip
at 11:30 o. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i>
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:JO. 3:30,
6:00, 6:1*0 p. m.
SAN RAFAEX. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips ax
I:SS and 6:25 o. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40,
5:0;. 6:20 r. m.
Between San -Francisco and Schnetzen Park
same schedule as above.
RATES TO THE ORIENT.
Railway and Steamship Companies to
Hold a Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call, s
CHICAGO, April 20.— Vice President
Morton, freight traffic manager, and Pas
senger Traffic Manager Nicholson of the
Santa Fe system, left to-night for San
Francisco. A meeting of transcontinental
railroad and Pacific Ocean" steamship
companies will be held in San Francisco
on April 30 to consider rates to the Orient.
Floral Harp for Victoria.
DUBLIN, April 20.— Queen Victoria, after
visiting the zoological gardens this morn
ing, where sho was much interested, paid
a similar visit this afternoon with the
Princess to the Convent of St. Mary of
Lorctto, where she was presented with \
bouquet in the shape of an Irish harp.
The return to the viceregal lodge waa
made amid many scenes of enthusiasm.
tlon with Miss Bertram's betrothal to
d'Essauer. When Henley passed away
Miss Bertram had him cremated and part
of the ashes inclosed in a heart-shaped
locket of gold-lined olive wood, which
Miss Bertram is said to have worn all the
time next her heart. When Miss Bertram
exchanged vows with d'Essauer she went
through a very spectacular ceremony with
the heart-shaped casket and Henley's
ashes. Miss Bertram, d'Essauer and some
members of the Bostonians went to the
Cliff House In San Francisco, had a de
lightful dinner, during which the celebra
ting twain renewed their vows of affec
tion, and thc,n Miss Bertram, solemnly
took off the charm which held Teddy's
ashes and cast it far out into the sea.
Bought Miss Bertram's Costumes.
D'Essauer is said to have furnished
Miss Bertram's costumes for "The Vice
roy," robes which astounded judges of
finery, the dresses being real silk velvet
and rare stuffs from Eastern climes, em
broidered with Jewels and splendid bullion
designs, sketched for the costumes by
celebrated artists.
Miss Jackson was called upon to sing a
soprano role In "The Viceroy" when Miss
Bertram was oppressed to hysteria by rev
elations regarding d'Essauer, and Miss
Bertram refused to allow her young un
derstudy to wear her resplendent gowns.
A costumer was called in to make an es
timate of what the dresses* would cost In
duplicate. The costumer declared he could
not duplicate them at all in material, and
that the nearest he could come to such
extravagance was to imitate, and this du
plicate In pretense would cost over $1000—
profligacy which stunned the Bostonlan
management, which- had allowed Miss
Bertram about $400 for dresses. iJV"i .X
In the fall of 1596 d'Essauer was em
ployed by the New York Silver Manufac
turing Company as a traveling salesman.
The company decided during the campaign
to present McKlnley with a silver loving
cup. D'Essauer was assigned to arrange
for the presentation and make a speech.
In connection he met Senator Hanna and
other wealthy financiers and politicians.
Soon afterward he gave up his position as
salesman and is reported to have told a
friend he intended to devote his attention
to finance in the future, as his association
with politicians had convinced him it of
fered a good field.. It is said he had the
support of some prominent politicians in
his flrst venture, but his methods were too
bold for even them and they dropped him.
BATLBOAD TBAVEIi.
TWO OF THE ACTORS IN A STORY OF ROMANCE AND FRAUD.
CHICAGO, 'April 20.— New stories re
garding S. George d'Essauer, the bond
forger, and his mad career as a finan
cier and a squire of dames, are daily
coming to the surface and suffice to keep
the general public as well as the vic
tims of the swindler's financial opera
tions interested.' A story sent out from
Leavenworth, Kans., is to the effect that
it has been discovered that at least
$147,000 worth of bonds of the Leaven
worth Improvement Company were put
upon the market by d'Essauer. In order
to determine how much more was floated
by him the company has called in its
entire Issue for examination.
D'Essauer'e peculations as brought to
light up to date aggregate nearly $600,
00<J. D'Essauer's wife was Elizabeth Har
vey, wnose granaiather, John Van Nort
wick. had left her iOO.OOO, held in custody
by her mother. There were two sisters.
They were heiresses to big estates, and
both married at about the same time,
Elizabeth having broken a previous en
gagement with Samuel Insull, the mil
lionaire president of the Western Elec
tric Company of Chicago, who recently
wedded Gladys Wallis, the actress.
Mrs. d'Essauer Attempts Suicide.
Mrs. d'Essauer is at present with
frienas in this city. She is reported to
nave attempted suicide last week by
swallowing carbolic acid. Timely inter
ference of companions and relatives
saved her life, but her face is said to be
horribly burned with the fiery fluid.
D'Essauer's affair with Miss Bertram
caused his wife much grief and rage, but
her friends declare that the alleged dis
honesty of her husband and his unjust
appropriation of money held for her by
her mother, Mrs. Harvey, cut her more
keenly.
Miss Bertram is still in weeds for her
second husband. E. J. Henley, whom she
lost and mourned violently for a year,
when, it is said, d'Essauer s fascinations
and luminous pocketbood dimmed her
sorrow long enough to permit her to re
ceive constant attentions from that gen
tleman, who showered her with costly
gifts and finally made over to her J50.009
worth of bonds. After this transfer,
which took place in California, Miss
Bertram vowed to forget Henley and de
vote herself forever to the dazzling Chi
cagoan.
A picturesque story is related in connec-
HAWAIIAN BILL
THE THEME OF
SHARP DEBATE
Senator Cullom Explains
the Changes in the
Measure.
Strong Opposition to the Provision
Requiring the Payment of a $5
Poll Tax Before Voters
May Register.
WASHINGTON. April 30.— The Senate
had under consideration during the
greater part of to-day's session the con
ference report on the Hawaiian civil gov
ernment measure. Cullora made an ex
tended explanation af the changes in the
bill. The report was tht? subject of sharp
criticism. Final action upon it was post
poned until to-morrow.
The Alaskan civil code bill was consid
ered for a brief time. Bate of Tennessee
delivering a speech in opposition to the
pending Hansbrough amendment relating
to the rights of alien miners.
Bacon of Georgia offered two resolutions
in the Senate to-day, one Inquiring of the
Secretary of War whether or not army
officers had received or were receiving
salaries for the performance of civil du
ties In addition to their regular pay. and
the other asking about the expenditures
made for rent of officers' quarters,
equipage and all similar expenses. Bacon
raid the first resolution was introduced in
response to a challenge made yesterday
by Chandler. He had no Epecific informa
tion upon the subject, and. indeed, had re
ceived assurances that no such extra sal
aries were paid. As to the second resolu
tion. Bacon said he did not wish to be
understood as preferring charges of ex
travagance against either the administra
tion or the army officers. He had no defin
ite Information respecting expenditures
of officers in Porto Klco and Cuba, but
said rumors were in circulation that
gTeater expenditures had been made on
the quarters and furnishings for our offi
cers in Porto Rico and in Cuba and for
their other expenses than had been made
for the comfort and convenience of the
former Spanish Governors of those isl
ands. He did not vouch for these state
ments, but thought htey ought to be In
yesiigated. Both resolutions were ob
jected to and went over.
Hale presented the conference report
upon the additional urgency deficiency
bill, and it was agreed to.
War Tax Inquiry.
Galllnger offered a substitute for the
resolution he introduced yesterday asking
for information as to the revenues de
rived from stamp taxes. The substitute
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
furnish a statement of the sum derived
from the war xevenue act, the items re
garding each subject of taxation to be
stated separately. The resolution was
agreed to.
Cullorn then called up the confernce re
port on the Hawaiian Government bill and
made a peneral explanation of the work
of the conferees.
A ions: discussion took place over a pro
vision reentries; the payment by residents
of Hawaii of a poll tax of Jo before voters
could be rcpistered. The provision was
opposed by Tillman, Teller, Jones of
Arkansas. Stewart and others. Cullom,
in charge of the report, said that if it
were sent back to conference he would
favor the elimination of the poll tax pro
vision.
In conclusion of his explanation of the
measure Cullom summarized the advan
tr.pos to this country of the annexation of
Hawaii. He presented a general review
Df the resources of the Hawaiian Islands,
and showed that since they came under
the f=tars and stripes they had experi
enced the greatest material prosperity.
He thought no citizen of the United
States need feel any doubt as to the Intel
lectual, moral or financial standing of the
Hawaiian Islands.
"These people have brought with them
a splendid educational system," he said,
"and a prosperous agricultural establish
ment, and all classes of rice, sugar and
coffee planters are engaged now in busi
ness profitable to all concerned."
The report was postponed until to-mor
row, when Culiom said he hoped to be
able to dispose of It.
Alaskan Code Bill Taken Up.
President pro tern. Frye announced the
appointment of Carter of Montana and
liarris of Kansas as members of the
Board of Visitors to West Point.
Consideration of the Alaskan civil code
bill was then resumed. Bate, a member of
the Committee on Territories, addressed
the Senate in opposition to the Hans
brough amendment. Bate maintained
that in view of all circumstances neither
the Hansbrough nor the Carter amend
ment ought to be adopted. The law. he
urged, ought to be left as it was when
the riphts of locators were acquired.
Foraker presented resolutions express-
Ing the sorrow of the Senate at the death
of Lorenzo Danforth. late representative
from Ohio, and . pronounced a fitting
eulogy of the deceased statesman. The
resolutions were adopted, and as an addi
tional mark of respect the Senate, at 4:40,
adjourned.
CABLE BILL SUBSTITUTE.
House Favors Private Construction
of the Line.
WASHINGTON. April 20.— The House
Committee on Commerce to-day substi
tuted the Sherman bill for the construc
tion of a Pacific cable in place of the bill
recently passed by the Senate.
The Sherman bill had been previously
reported to the House, but to-day's action
puts it in the form of a substitute for the
Senate measure. It differs from the Sen
ate bill In providing construction by pri
vate contract under Government super
vision, while the Senate bill provides for
Government construction and operation.
WRANGLE OVER
ARMOR PLATE
IN THE HOUSE
Provision for the Payment
of- $545 Per Ton
; . Defeated.
Majority Bef uses to Allow a Discus
sion of the Proposed Establish- *
men t of a Government
Factory.
WASHINGTON, April 20.— As a result
of a protracted struggle in the House to
day the provision of the naval appropria
tion bill to enable the Secretary of the
Navy to contract for armor for the
battleships Maine, Ohio and Missouri,
now awaiting their armor equipment, at
$545 per ton, the price asked for Krupp
armor, is out of the bill, as is the provi
sion to repeal the $300 limitation placed
upon the price of armor by the current
law. The fight came at the end of the
consideration of the bill. Although the
provision was obnoxious to the rule all
the minority members, of the committee
had agreed to it, but to-day when the ma
jority declined to allow the discussion of
a proposition for the establishment of an
armor-plate factory they retaliated by
raising a point of order against the two
provisions referred to and they were rulea
out.
The exact effect of the action of the
House to-day is disputed. The appropri
ation of $4,000,000 under the head of "armor
and armament" remains in the bill, as
well as the language of the proviso au
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
contract for armor of the best quality for
the Maine, Ohio and Missouri, the words,
stricken out being "at a cost not to exceea
$545 a ton, including royalties."
It is contended by some that this em
powers the Secretary to contract for the
armor plate without regard to cost. By
others it is claimed that the provision will
be ineffective unless the Senate inserts the
price. So much bad feeling was aroused
by the wrangle over the armor-plate pro
vision that Underwood of Alabama began
a filibuster after the bill was reported to
the House and finally forced an adjourn
ment without final action on the bill.
Before the armor plate question came up
two amendments to modify the provision
for the Increase of the navy, which au
thorizes two battleships and six cruisers,
*-ere defeated. One proposed to add pro
vision for six gunboats and the other to
strike out the provision for the battle
ships. The question of building ships In
Government yards did not reach a vote,
•is the amendment offered to this end was.
ruled out on a point of order.
Annapolis Improvements.
This was the day devoted under the
rules to the consideration of war claims,
but the Naval Affairs Committee desired
to go ahead with the naval appropriation
bill. Foss, acting chairman of the com
mittee, moved to proceed with its consid
eration, but the motion was contested by
the Committee on War Claims, and a roll
call was forced. The naval committee
won— lo to 97— and the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill was resumed.
Cannon, chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, asked unanimous consent for
a modification of the language of the
amendment adopted yesterday relative to
the Naval Academy. The proposed modi
fication made only one substantial change,
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy,
after plans have been approved, to con
tract for all or part of the Improvements
at Annapolis within the $6,000,000 limit.
The amendment was agreed to.
Dlnsmore of Arkansas made a point of
order against the section to increase the
active list of surgeons to fifty-five and of
assistant surgeons to 110. and providing
that assistant surgeons who served in the
war with Spain and who are now in the
navy might be given permanent commis
sions without limitation as to age. It also
provided that assistant surgeons in the
navy should rank with assistant surgeons
of the army. Dinsmore criticized the lat
ter provision, which, he said, would raise
the old difficulty between the line and
-the staff. It was an attempt to have one
corps creep along at the expense of
others. ' . „ ._
Meyer of Louisiana, a member of the
committee, replied that young surgeons
would not enter the service at the reduced
rank. Dinsmore finally withdrew the point
of order.
Foss offered an amendment, which was
agreed to, providing that the Chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance should not be an
officer below the rank of lieutenant com
mander. r ',J . ' ,
' Fitzgerald of New York offered an
amendment to build four of the ships au
thorized by the bill in Government yards.
Foss raised a point of order against the
amendment, which, after* prolonged de
bate, was sustained. On appeal the chair
was sustained— B2 to 74.
House Sustains the Speaker.
Vandlver, a member of the committee,
offered an amendment to appropriate
$2.CK)0,000 for the erection of a Government
armor plate factory and for the appoint
ment of three officers of the navy to select
a site for such factory. Dayton made a
point of order against the amendment and
insisted upon it despite the protest of Un
derwood of Alabama, who said it was out
rageous that a proposltin involving the
whole question of armor plate, which had
been agitated for five years, should bo
strangled. He said the fifty minutes of
fered the, other side was manifestly Inade
quate and in effect a decision that the
House was to be led like a bull with a
ring to the bar of the House and made to
vote. Vandlver- charged that the agree
ment made earlier in the debate was in
effect that there should be an hour on a
side for the discussion of the armor plate
question and that the agreement was be
ing violated. To throw out this amend
ment, he said, would be to place the Gov
ernment again at the mercy of the armor
plate trust. The chair sustained the point
of order, from which decision Underwood
promptly appealed.
Underwood, reviewing the history of the
armor plate controversy, proceeded to
show the situation which confronted the
country. Under existing law Congress
could not buy armor except at $300 per ton,
and the provision in^-the bill to pay $545
for the armor of the Maine, Ohio and
Missouri, he claimed, was a change of the
existing law and therefore out of order.
He was called to order several times by
Hepburn for not speaking to the appeal,
and finally.' amid increasing excitement
and confusion. Hepburn made the point
that when called to order Underwood
must take his seat. Finally ttie debate
was closed— 96 to 82— and the chair was
sustained— 97 to 83.
Vandiver then made the point of order
that the provision to pay $545 a ton* for
the armor of the Maine, Ohio and
Missouri was a change of existing law
and therefore out of order. The act of
March 3. 1599. he said, limited the cost of
armor plate to $300 a ton. The act of the
previous year limited the cost to $400 a
ton. The point of order was debated at
length and finally was sustained by the
chair. The Democrats greeted the decis
ion with applause.
Bill Reported to the House.
Bingham of Pennsylvania, speaking to
a pro forma amendment, denied on the
authority of Mr. Cramp of the Cramp
Shipbuilding Company that there ever had
been a proposition for a combination be
tween his firm and the Carnegie Company
on the subject of armor plate.
Wheeler of Kentucky said the minority
had not desired to defeat the provision to
pay $545 for the Maine, Ohio and Missouri,
but it was driven to raise the point of or
der by the refusal of the majority to allow
a test of the sentiment of the Houso on
the question of establishing an,armor
plate factory.- The provision for the re
peal of the restriction of $300 a ton in the
current law went out on a point of order.
An amendment, offered by Roberts of
Massachusetts., to authorize the construc
tion of a metal workers' shop at the Bos
ton yard and appropriating $100,000 there
for, was adopted.
Without further amendment the bill was
reported to the House,
Underwood, Democrat of Alabama, de
manded a separate vote on each amend
ment'and on the first roll call made the
point • of no quorum. The Speaker was
unable to count a quorum. whereuDon Un
derwood moved an adjurnment. The mo
tion was lost, but the quorum failed on '
the next vote, and at 6:25 p. m.. without
finally disposing of 'the bill, the House
adjourned.
QUAY CASE TO
BE VOTED UPON
NEXT TUESDAY
Both Friends and Opponents
of the Ex-Senator Claim
Victory.
Senate Committee on Elections De
lays Its Report on the Bight
of Clark of Montana
to a Seat. j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS." WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, April 20.—
Under agreement in the Senate the reso
lution referring to the seat of Senator
Quay was postponed to-day, with the dis
tinct understanding that It will be taken
up to-morrow and the discussion contin
ued until Tuesday afternoon, when a vote
wJll be in order at 4 o'clock. r ¦¦:'
Both sides are still claiming success.
Friends of Senator Quay have dropped
their estimate of their majority to two.
The opponents refuse to give figures, but
say they have votes to spare.
It was Intended to hold a meeting of the
Senate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions to-day to consider the report of the
committee. in the case of Senator. Clark of
Montana, but owing to the recent changes
made in the text of the report, it was
found Impossible to prepare it for presen
tation at once. It now seems probable
that no meeting will be held before Mon
day. This postponement will I render it
practically impossible to dispose of the
case in the Senate before the vote is
taken in the Quay case, as some Senators
had expressed a desire to have done, but
there is a general understanding about
the Senate that all questions on this
point will be settled by Senator Clark's
refraining from voting in the Quay case.
The principal difficulty in agreeing upon
a report is found in the treatment of the
episode connecting the Montana Supreme
Court with the Clark contest. There are
also some difficulties as to the methods of
treating Congressman Campbell's and ex-
State Senator Whiteside's connection with
the case. The majority of the committee
is disposed to use the testimony concern
ing the State court as strongly corrobora
tive of the general charges against Clark,
while Senators Pettus. Harris and Ale-
Comas take the position that, as there
was no proof connecting Clark with the
alleged approaches to the court, this tes
timony should not be used as desired by
the majority. There Is an effort in
progress to adjust these differences of
opinion, but if this is found impracticable
the three Senators mentioned will, while
agreeing in the general verdict, express
dissenting views on this point. There is
also a possibility of dissent upon the
methods of Campbell and Whiteside. In
no event will there be any division as to
the recommendation that the seat occu
pied by Clark shall be declared vacant.
The parts of the report upon which
there will be unanimity of opinion are
those dealing with the general charges
against Clark. Stress is laid upon the tes
timony concerning the business dealings
with members of the Legislature, such as
McLaughlln, Woods and Warner, and the
present to Day and the acknowledged use
of;large sums of money. Considerable at
tention is given to the fact that Senator
Clark's committee disregarded the laws of
the State in failing to make reports of ex
penditures in the campaign. In the mat
ter of the Whiteside exposure, including
his handing over to the State $30,000 al
leged to have been paid by Clark's friends
for votes, there is a frank avowal of dif
ference of opinion. The incident is. there
fore, related without any specific conclu
sion as to its bearing on the result.
CAST HIS ASHES
INTO THE OCEAN
Helen Bertram Ceased to Mourn
Her Second Husband When
D'Essauer Wooed Her.
Spectacular Ceremony Witnessed at the Cliff
House by Members of the
Bostonians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
§Di\Gibborrs Dispensary,
025 KEABXT «T. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment of Private
Dlsenses, Loitt Manhood. Debility or
disease vrearlnff on bodyand mind and
Skin Dlseasrs. Thedoctorcnreswhen
others fall. Try him. Charger low
Cnret|-narnnlee<l. Callorwrlta
»»'• J- *'. v. ii:n<>\. Box 1957.5aa Frasdaco.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
Wo. 2. ||lol o fa Sb To Mo. 2.
I have given personal inspection to ths working 1 of M. I. S. T. on the human system, an 4
Vast saj that It entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. E. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. 8. T. No. 2 WILL. CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter howloßjr standing. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if thft patients have been for years forced to usa
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can ba cored, and permanently restore youthful vigor and
vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will core any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tlrely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. Xo. 2 has enred maay cases of Paralysis, Locomottsr
Ataxla, Spinal Trouble and apparently incnrable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
erers. It Is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
F63C\ (33 VSB absolutely safe. It never Increases or diminishes the action of tho
jgZjl n fl heart. If you are suffering from any chronic disease you are urged to
Ktjci p3S ESB write to us, no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines you
M tjksiEta hare tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
m »¦»» sasaiss That you may judge of the value of the Great Specific for yourself,
we -will send you one large case by mail FREE, only asking that
when enred yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to onr medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for 15.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
CfIUFORNiA Limited
Santa Fe Route
SOUTIIKItN IMl'irU! «O.MI*A.NT.
(rAciric myhtkm.) t
Xrftln* !•>!*»• ikml itr* 1 «lit^ *• nrrlf c I*4
MAX Flt.t!*<'lft«'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lbatk — From April 15, 1900. — arrit*
•7:OOa Benici*. Suisun, Elmira. VacaTille,
Rumsej and Sacramento *7:<3p
•7:OOa Shasta Express— Davis, Willows.
Red Bluff, PortUud.. r »7:13p
•7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Valiejo, Napa,
C'allstoga and Santa Kow •O:lr»r
•8:30 a Tha OverUnd Limited— Ogden, Den-
rer, Ou.iha. Chicago *3il3r
•SiWiA Sail Jose, Litcrmore. -Stockton,
lone, Hacramento, Placerrllle,
Marysilllo. Cbico. Kr.l nitiiT •lil.ir
•M:3oa •Mllt.m. Oakdale.honora. Caxters... a l:l3p
•tt:OOA Haywanls, Nilcs and War Stations. M 1:43 a
•9:oi» a Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing,
MariSTlUe. Ororille *7:4»r
•!l:OO « Atlantic Kxpress— Ojdati aud East •»:!.¦» a
•»:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, .Stockton,
Merced and Fresuo *l*:l3p
•»:«<» a Port Co-it*. Kresno, MojaTe aud I.oi
Aiicelen •6i43r
•IO:O»a Vallrjo, Martinez and War Stations *0:43r
•lIiOOa Nilcs. IJteriiiorn, Btockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Ilauford, VUalia,
Porterfille M:l3r
•I 3:OOn Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. •2:4-tr
¦ tliOOr Sacramento Klfer Bte»m«ra f9:O»p
•:t:OOp Hayvarda, Nlles and Way Buttons. *3543p
•4i»np Martinex, Han Hamon, Vallejo,
Napa. Cnli»t<ii;a, Santa Knsa •oil3i
•4:OOp Tlenicia. Vacaville, Haoratnento,
Woodland, Kuivhts Lauding,
MarjSTille, Oroillle «10:43 a
M:3opNl!os, Man. ffineaiid Stockton »7:I3?
•3:«o t- Tim Owl IJmited— Tracr. Fresno,
liakernfieid. San«<is for Santa lUr-
hara, Los Angeles •1»«43a
•3:30r Stockton, Merced, Fresno *12:13p
•3:UOp Fresno, i llakersllold. .SauU Itarliara,
Los Angeles, Derainfc F.I Puo,
New Orleans and Hast *9:43*
•SiSOp NauU r« K.mtc— Atlantic Express
for Mojiife and Hunt *A:l3r
•0:«» Op Tlajnard*. Nlles and San Jose •7«4»j
t«:3of Vallojo •12:13r
•UiSur Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicigo »0:43 a
*O:8Or Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, Chicago, »4tl3p
J7:OOr Vallrj... Port Conta and Way Sta-
tions. Jo:33r
•8:O3p Oregon and Oallfornla Ki|>reM,Hao-
rainentn, Mnrjmillc. ICeddlnf.
Portland, f.ig^t Ko.n.d an.l Kn»> *«»I3<
£7:43 a BanU Cruz Excursion for Suit*
Cruz and Principal W»y SUtioas {S:o3r
•8:13* New ark. <>nlcr»llli-, San. lopo.l'V; ten.
Uouttler Crrek.Satita, Crux and Way
Htatioim •«:2o r
f2:lsr Newnrlr. OnterTiUr. San .Inn), New
Almadmi, Felton. Ilimliler OreeV,
Santa Crux and l'ducipal War '
Stations fl»i.1i»«
•Jtirir Newark, San Jo«e, Los Gatos •»:••»»*
a4:ISr Glenvood. Felton. Santa Cruz <*'¦>**
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. I «:05 pm 10:25 am>
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. [ 7 :35 pm [ < :20 pm
Fulton. " I
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:25 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 ami Clover-dale. 7:35 pm 1:20 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I . [10:23 am
3:30 pm| 3:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 1 110:25 am
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:33 pmf
J:3opm I I «:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnits: at
Geyserville for Skascs Sprlnsa: at ClovertJalw
for the CJeysers: at Itopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelsejrvUJe. Carl»-
Jmd Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, BuckneM'V
Sanhedrtn Heights. Ilullviile. Ore's Hot
Springs. Meadodno City. Fort B-acc We«t*
port. Usal. WUms. Laytonville. Cummins
BelVn Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer Scotia
and Kureka. ' ¦"*•""«•
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. B *
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates
HTH T r k WH?mT° Market Bt ii <*™ nlpl * w <*«.
H. C nHITI.\d, Jt_ }{ TtYAV
General Manager. Ten. Pm. Agent.
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TVM\LT»AT<I
April 22. 1900. via Sausallto Ferry w£»k
days-Leave San Francisco. D:3O a. m.. 1 45 p
9a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 1:30 n m •> 31
p- ,. m " J ricke ' ts car > be purchased at th^'sau-
BOItO Ferry, north end of Union Ferry IVpot.
foot of Market st.. San Franolx™ v in .
round trip from Fan Franc-lso^ 11 £ * '
8Sunday Picnics.
El Campo is once more In full blast,
crowded by. happy throngs. Tne.Ukiaa
last Sunday carried , the usual comple
ment of pleasure seekers. Three round
trips are ¦ made every Sunday, providing
ample accommodations for all.
CITY SAVINGS BANKS' REPORTS.
Figu res Show a Healthy Increase of
Business During the Past Tear.
A week ago the Bank Commissioners
called upon all of the banks In the State
for statements as to the exact condition
of business at the close- of business hours
on March 31. The San Francisco savings
banks have made returns which show an
Increase over the business of last year.
The totals are as follows:
Resource* — Bank premises. 51.C65.530 SO: real
estate takes for debt. }3,511.53 90; United States
bonds, miscellaneous bend* and storks, county
warrants. U2.SSO.CJ &5; loacs on real eatate,
Itr.SZi.S4Z 85; loan* en stocks, bonds aad war
rants $1,431,091 C 3; loans on other »ecurlti»«
(Krain. etc.). CC«S; money en hand. J1.J01.
423 £6; due from banks and bankers. K.13),C04 €3;
other assets. fQtt.SS 32; total resources. $!».
ss>,r? 34.
Liabilities— Capital Faid la ccta, J4.Gl3,O<X>:
reterre fund, rrofit arvl loss and contingent
fcaS Ji<w.iJi c«: due depositors. tUB.?tM3t 52;
"ther :iabi!iU«9, J:.H«.T:i 7(; total liabilities.
$125,555.27» 34.
Camera Club Entertainment.
The California Camera Club gave an
exhibition In the clubrooms at the Acad
emy of Sciences building last evening,
presenting slides from the Buffalo. Syra
cuse and Detroit Camera Clubs, which
were highly appreciated by the audience.
After the exhibition an entertainment was
given, the following participating: Tenor
solo. George A. Rice; humorous recitation.
Miss Florence Lyons; vocal solo. Miss Ma
ria Venchlanitti; dramatic recitation. Miss
Madge Corcoran of the Maggie Moore
Company. Professor Alfred Benzon closed
the entertainment with an excellent ex
hibition of sleight-of-hand work with the
cards. John P. Clum will give an illus
trated lecture at the clubrooms on April
27, taking for a subject "In the Waks of
the Setting Sun."
VETERAN OF THE WAR
FOR GRAND MARSHAL
THERE will be a strong contest in
the Grand Parlor of the Native Sons
of the Golden West next week at
Oroville for the ofSce of grand mar
shal, as there is a preat and general de
sire on the part of the various parlors to
se » their favorite at the head of the grand
parade in celebration cf the fiftieth anni
versary of the admission of California
to statehood. One candidate who has
shown a creat deal of strength is Lieu
tenant Colonel Charles L. Boxton. who is
a member of National Parlor. Lieutenant
Colonel Boxton served with the First
California Regiment in the Philippines
and »as one of a number of national
guard-men nati\ - es of this State who or
ganized a parlor which was. by reason of
its members having been taken from the
National Guard, named the National. He
has always taken a deep interest in the
crder during the sixteen year? that he has
b^en connected with it. His parlor takes
gT*»at pride In him and urges that he is
just the man for the position cf zrand
marshal by reason of his military knowl
edge.
The National Parlor urges the fact that
It has not been recognized on the bo«rd
of grand officers in the oast ten years and
that now that It has the opportunity to
present a candidate for a most onerous
£osition it does so with assurance that
,!eutenant Colonel Boxton Is the right
man to fill the ofSce. His military record
is as follows: He enlisted in Battery C.
Second Artillery, in August. ISS4: was ap
pointed corporal in December. IS-S5: pro
moted sergeant tn May, ISST: commis
sioned first lieutenant December. IbSS:
commissioned captain June. 1?32: re-elect
ed September. V&\: commissioned major
December. lS:-"5. cf the First Battalion of
the First Infantry: went to the Philip
pines with the First California: was com
missioned by President MeKinley brevet
lieutenant in July, 1539. and on the return
of the regiment to this city and before it
was mustered out he was by the Governor
commissioned lieutenant colonel of the
regiment. He is a member of the Board
cf Supervisors and dean of the dental de
partment of the College of Physicians and
Surgeon?. He Is a genial gentleman and
a loyal native son.
Illustrated Longfellow's Poems.
The* Ladles* Aid Society of St. John's
Presbyterian Church, under the direction
of Mrs. Frank Fredericks, rave an enter
tainment last evening: illustrative of the
work 3 of the poet Longrfellow-. Scenes
were taken from the more important
poems. Tableaus. . songs and readinps
were employed to lend realism to the il
lustrations. Milton " Roller was the
reader. The others who took part were:
Miss J. Hood. Miss Ida Jackson: Porter
Vail, Charles Massle. Herbert Taskett.Mr
Trowbridge. D. M. Burriil. Miss Cleveland
Victor Massle. Miss L. Wetr. George Pl
ner, Russell Lowry. Miss Llchtenberj: and
M. J. Orr.
POSTTJM CEREAL
20 LBS. AT SEVENTY.
If Coffee and Made a Remark-
able Gcin in Health.
. Baldwin of Laconia. X. H.. is
year* old and has gained r.ven-
a? since iB>>3. A letter says: "i
r.ported ccnee because I needed
ng warn v.ith ray meals. While
sing coffee I was thin in flesh
¦you«. with stomach trouble as
>owel and kidney trouble. I left
185 S. taking Postura Food
a its place,
is fortunate ia the first trial of
. when it w2.s well made by the
a grocerymaa. who had used it
Dugrh to kmow just how to make
It tasted so good to me that I
d it at horae ever since, and
ned twenty pounds. lam much
• than I was a year ago.
>eaks pretty well for the food
the Postun Food Coffee for a
.. seventy years old to gain weight
at that age. Not only that, but the^ old
trouble with the stomach, kidneys and
bowels has disappeared."
Health does not always set in imme-
diately after a person makes a change in
djet. nor docs sickness always set in im-
mediately after bad habits are taken up,
but the daily life maintained by good
food aad jrood drink, free from poison-
ocs elements like coffee, will gradually
build ia new and perfect cells ia the
hamaa body, so that month by month
a rturdy and steady condition of health
is set tip that will carry a person
through many irregularities of " sleep
and diet, and through a vast amount of
hard work, whereas a person who is
just barely well, subject to continual
trouble from 'some scrt of ailment
caused by coffee and its effects on the
rer.es, would be completely prostrated
and be unable to carry «out the work of
life. Moderation and a wise selection of
food and drink bring health, which i.«
true happiness.
Railway Employes' Ball.
The Railway Employes' Association of
California, Club Xo. 1. held Its initial
ball at Odd Fellows' Hall last evening.
The hall was beautifully decorated with
red, white and blue bunting, and the use
of two headlights, placed In the front
the gallery, gave the stage a dazzling ap
pearance. The magnificent centerpiece
«.as much admired dv the large crowd.
The members of the different committees
were: Committee of arrangements — P. J.
Kelly (chairman). E. F. Dulea, A. A
Wrede. H. L. Sanborn, M. Fitzgerald. J.
S. llacabe, J. A» Brothers: reception
committee — Hamilton J. Rlgglns (chair
man), C. S. Rogers. H. Whitham. W. C.
Boelen. J. R. Waters, H. S. LJnnell, L. H.
Fortune: floor committee — C. R. Robin
son (manager). T. L. Murray (assistant
manager). A. Waltjen, J. McCarty. H. H.
Sanbcrn: F. Hlndle. D. L- Fitzgerald.
The second annual picnic of the club
will take place at Sunset Park. Santa
Cruz Mountains. Tuesday, May L The
association numbers some 22,000 members
in the State, and 13 in a flourishing con
dition.
ACTION OF KILPATRICK
DISMISSED ON DEMURRER
He Will Now Be Tried by the Board
of Education on the Old .
Charges.
E. C. Kilpatrick has received a facer
from the the Superior Court, his suit to
prevent the Board of Education hearing
the charges preferred against him hav
ing been dismissed.
When the charges preferred ajrainst KIL
patrick by the last board were taken up
by the present one. he applied for a re
straining order to prevent his trial, al
leging that the charges were malicious
and false and without foundation. The
Board of Education demurred on the
ground of non-suffirier.t facts. This de
murrer has b^cn sustained by Judge Sea
well, and Kilpatrieks - case has been
thrown out of court.
The next step will probably be hfs trial
by the Board of Education on the charges
originally filed. These charges include un
professional conduct, an indisposition to
work and a general unfltnes to be a
teacher In the School Department.
Ask for Allen's Foot-ease.
A potrder to *hake Into your shoes. It rests the
feet and makes walking easy. Cures Coraa and
Bunions, Swollen. Callous and Sweatlny feet.
Sold by all druggists and choc .stores. 5c Aslc
to-day. Sample FREE. Address. Allen S. Olm
eted. Le Roy. N. Y.
his suffering and sinful children. As a
child she was afraid of the dark, ner
vously apprehensive over approaching
trouble, and given to morbid self-probing.
Her presentiment* in regard to the death
of her mother, whose very slumbers Eliz
abeth used to watch with nervous jeal
ousy, were sadly fulfilled when Elizabeth
was but twelve years old. After this un
expected blow Mr. Gurney. the father, be
came greatly aelf-absorbed. and. naturally
lndulgent.<let his twelve young children
bring themselves up the best way they
could. Utterly unrestrained, their Jivea
henceforth afforded a great contrast to
the systematic religious training which
the mother had enforced. After the vio
lence of their grief had passed away the
bereaved family led the gayest existence
in their beautiful country seat at Carl
ham.
Elizabeth Gumty, the third daughter.
whom the loving mother had called her
"Dovelike Betsy," had grown Into a tall,
slender girl with flaxen hair, extreme ex
uberance of spirits, a flippancy in quoting
the atheistic aphorisms of the French
revolutionists, a fondness -for wearing be
coming scarlet riding habits, for hearing
the band play, for attracting the notice of
admiring officers quartered in the neigh
borhood and for going to the opera, to see
"the prince"— a petted, fly-away girl
whose naive entries In her journal form a
fair Index of her girlhood character: "July
11 — Company to dinner. I must beware of
being a flirt; It is an abominable
character; I hope I shall never be one. and
yet I fear lam one now, a little. Be
careful not to talk at random. If I d~>
pass this day without a foolish action it
will be the first I ever passed so* If I
pass a day with only a few foolish actions
1 may think It a good one."
Strange as It may seem, under these
deliclously diametric characteristics lay
excellent foundation for the hij?h destiny
which Elizabeth Gurney ulthnately
achleved. Her volatile spirits kept her
enthusiasm, when diverted to a more se
rious subject, fresh and vigorous; her
quickness at repartee gave her facility
j in choosing the right word for courtier,
camp or convict; her lively Imagination,
her zest for seizing the strong points of a
situation, lent an almost legal force to her
pleadings for the unfortunate tamed by
her kindly heart, and the cunning of her
; childhood developed into the shrewdest
penetration of the Inwardness of those
: whom she was to influence.
Underlying her girlish archness lay a
habit of self-analysis which frequently
caused her great discomfort. We find in
her journal entries made before she wa>
17 sincerely questioning her right to be so
occupied with trifles, "dress In particu
lar." After several months of strag
glings she decided that her high spirits
ran away with her when dancing and
singing, and that she must henceforth
grive up these greatly enjoyed and other
wise innocent diversions. She had sev
eral lapses Into these, her besetting sins,
and might eventually have drifted back
into her pleasure-loving life had it not
been for the forcible remonstrances of
William Savery. a visiting American
friend. Upon the day of hl3 flrst address
the seven beautiful daughters of Mr. Gur
ney sat- In a row under the gallery of the
Norwich meeting house. Betsy's usual
restlessness being made especially con
spicuous by her smart purple boots laced
with red. From that day. however, her
love for the world seemed gone.
Her father was not a plain Friend, and
fearing that Elizabeth's impressionable
nature might lead her to make resolu
tions which she might afterward wish to
break, he wisely took her to London on a
test visit, of which her journal record 3
a round of dancing, opera aisd rouge. Her
awakened conscience, however, took the
zest out of her gayetles. and when she
again heard William Savery speak in
London her resolution was taken to be
come a plain Friend. She had a horror or
emotional religion, which she believed led
to fanaticism, and she therefore ap
proached with great soberness the deci
sion from which she never afterward wa
vered. Hers was a restless nature, which
developed to the best advantage when
hemmed In by certain fixed restrictions,
and she therefore found a definite support
In Friendly sobriety. In the plain dress
(the becoming poke-bonnet having not
yet succeeded the Friendly beaver hat>
and In the temperate use of the familiar
pronoun.
Elizabeth Gurney had meanwhile start
ed a Bible-reading school among the poor
of the neighborhood, which soon num
bered eighty children, whom she Interest
ed through the sheer force of her person
ality, unaided by the pictures and "gifts"
so helpful to modem teachers.
At the age of 19 the Impetuous Eliza
beth married Joseph Fry, bade farewell
to her tearful school children and went
to live In Mildred's court. London. The
Frys were such decidedly plain Friends
that they considered the Quaker bride
quite worldly. She certainly was always
extremely liberal minded, notwithstanding
her scrupulous conformity to the exter
nals so valued by her new relatives
The domestic cares of a prosperous fam
ily always entertaining largely and hos
pitably pressed so heavily upon her for
the next twelve years that we find Uttle
comment In regard to this period of her
life, except her active philanthropy tn
Brilliant Scene at the De Regnier Reception Last Night.
f.iayes. M:ss Clares. Miss Curtis. Mr. and Mrs.
Clement, the Misses Clemer.t. Professor ani
Mrs. Christy. Professor Corby, Mr. Centner.
Mrs. ar.ii Miss Caravan.
Hon. and Mrs. W. R. Davis, Mr. and Mrs.
Horace Davis. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Davis.
Dr. and Mrs. d'ABCOaa, Professor and Mrs
Dressier. Mr. aad Mrs. Dam, Mr. an.i M-«
W. W. Deamer. Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Day.
Mrs. Davenpcrt. Mrs. DufT. Miss Apnes Du!T.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Der^e. Mrs. Dodge, !:.
I*u Py. Pro'esscr and Mrs. Davidson, Mr. and
Mrs. Vary.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Eyre. Mr. and Mrs.
G«xrc<» Edwards. Cc'.ocel and Mrs. E<!war>i«.
Dr. and Mrs. Eastman. Miss Edward?. Mr.
and Mrs. Krwin. Mr. and Mrs. Eiliott. Mr.
and Mrs. Perry Eyre. Mr. acd Mrs. Ecka.-d.
Mrs. Easton. Miss Edmos««-
Mis* Jennie Flood. P.ev. and Mrs. FisSc. Pro
fessor ar.d Mrs. Fowler. Mr. Karrhaia. Pn
f^sscr acd Mrs. Fryer. Prof»«sor nigs. M!ss
French. Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Fre-rr.aa. Mr. and
Mrs. Flen-.ralng. Hon. TV. W. Focte, Mr. and
Mrs. W\ H. Fnend. Captain Fletcher. Mr. and
Mrs. Fife. Mr. and Mrs. Fow'er. Mr. and Mrs.
Fr?fir.an.
Jadjre and Mrs. Garber. Miss Garb«r, Major
and Mrs. (»a>. SxtAgm and Miss Green*. Dr.
tnd Mrs. Goidard, Ilr. and Mrs. R.P. Giea
rcn. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Warren Gregory. Mr*. Gib
bons, Mr. and Mrs. Guislain, Professor and
Mrs. Garter. Miss Gcisyerti. Mr. and Mrs. F.
B. Ginn, Mr. ar t d Mrs. Gtbbs. Mr. asd Mrs.
Edward Gcwrich. Miss Bertha Goodrich. Mr.
and Mrs. Gr?ver. Mr. and Mrs. de Gu:gn<»,
Governor H. T. Gage and Mrs. Ga?»,
Mr. end Mrs Aiam Greene.
Mr. and Mrs. Collis P. Huntir^tnn. Mr. and
Mrs. William G. Henshaw. Judge and Mrs.
Haijrht. Mr. and Mrs. Brewton Hayne. Perry
Kijt.«. Professor and Mrs. Heng-stler. Professor
ar.d Mrs. Hart. Professor and Mr». Hess. Pro
feisor and Mrs. Hllgard. Mrs. ar.d Miss Heai.
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Hatch, Mr. ani Mrs.
Haven. Mr. and Mrs. Hume. Mr. and Mrs.
Hurr.fhreys. Charles Webb Howard. Mr. and
Mrs. Shatter Hmr«r.i. Mr. and Mrs. Willard
Harrinsrtcn. Dr. and Mrs. Hirshfelder. Judge
and Mrs. Haiph Harrison. General and Mrs.
Hocjttoa. Mr. and Mrs. Hellir.an ?r.. Mr. and
Mrs. BeSmaa Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Hittell. Mr.
and Mrs. Hume Hill. Dr. and Mrs. Hopkins.
Mr. and Mr*. Timothy Hork'-r.s. Mr. and Mrs.
Hanejr. Mrs. and Miss Hathaway. Professor
Hes»*. Professor and Mr». Hersarn. Prrfessor
Haj-ne. Mrs. Hoyghtcn. Victor Henderson.
President a.rA Mrs. David Starr Jordan. Mr.
and Mrs. Jarh->e. Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Judson.
Mis* Jewett. Mr. and Mrs. Jennlnps, Rev. Mr.
ar.d Mr?. JalTa. Mr. and Mrs. Jercm*. Mr. and
l!r«. Jack«on. the Misses Jackson.
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. KUtr»dse. Mr. ar.d Mrs.
William Ke;th. ilr. and Mrs. Doug-las K*!th.
Mr?. K»ye«. lion, an ! Mrs. Julius Kahn. Mrs.
Kinraid. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Kierulf. the Mis^s
K:»rulf. Professor and Mrs. Kower, Mr. and
llr«. Charles Keeler. Miss Ke«ler. the Misses
Kellogg. Hon. ar.i Mr?. Kirfe. Mr. ar.d Mrs.
Kinney. Mrs. M. Kimball, Mr. an* Mrs. Walter
Kellcgff.
Professor and Mrs. Lawson, Mr. and Mrs.
I.'pman. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Lombard, Judge and
Mrs. Llr.<i!ey. Colonel ar.d Mrs. Os?ar Long,
Mr. and Mrs. UOenthal, Co'.or.Pl and Mrs.
little, Mr. and Mrs. Lowenberjr. Mr. and Mrs.
Julian Le Cor.te. Professor acJ Mrs. Large.
Mr. and Mrs. David Lorinjr. Mr. and Mrs.
Lloyd. Professor and Mrs. Leuschner. Mr. and
Mrs. Locmis. Dr. and Mrs. Lan». Mr. and Mrs.
John ljiwrer.ee, Mr. and Mr*. Lynch.
Mr. and Mrs. T>. O. Mills. Captain and Mrs.
Me-n. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore. Mr. ani
Mrs. Mol-ra. Miss Mnrgan. Miss MartJn. Dr.
ar.d Mrs. M^Mona?le, Mr. and Mrs. Mcnteagl*.
Professor and Mrs. Maytx»ck. Mr. and Mrs.
McChesnev. Mi«s McChesney. Professor and
Mrs. Mace-. Professor and Mrs. Merrill. Pro
fessor ar.d Mrs. Merriam. Major and Mrs. John
B. Mhocn. Professor and Mr*. Moses. Mr. and
Mrs. McMichael. Mrs. Sutro Merritt, Rev. Mr.
and Mrs. Benjamin Fay Mills, Dr. and Mrs.
McNutt. Mr. and Mrs. George Metcaif. Mr.
ar.d Mrs. Victor Metcaif. Mr. and Mrs. Phtlo
Mills. Mr. and Mrs. McDonald, Mr. and Mrs.
Albert Miller. Mr. and Mrs. Georre W. Mc-
N>ar. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Meyer, the Misses
Meyer. Mr. McAdie. Mr. and Mrs. V/arrea
M'yers, Miss F. McLean, Mrs. and Miss Mul
len, the Misses Montjromery, Dr. and Mrs. Me-
Ker.zle. Professor Marsoiis, Mr. ar.d Mrs. W.
McKemie. Mrs. Ben Morgan, Mr. McKowen.
Duncan McDuffie. O. "W. Meysenbursf.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Nye, Dr. and Mrs it
Marville. Mr. and- Mrs. Noble. Mr. and Mrs.
Nutting. Mr. and Mrs. Norris, Mr. ami Mrs.
Naylcr s=r.. Miss Nightingale. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Naylcr. Miss Nourse. Mr. and Mrs. Nus
btumer. Hon. Jaccb H. Neff.
Mr. and Mrs. Warren Olney. Mr. and Mrs.
Olney Jr., Professor O'Neill. Mr. and Mrs.
Osterhr.ut. Mr. and Mrs. O'Connor, Mr. and
Mrs Oinard.
Mr. and Mrs. Whftner Palache. Mr. ami Mrs.
Jarr.e* Palacfce. Mr. and Mrs. Parrott, Hon.
Jarr.es D. Phelan, Mr. Paite. Mr. Perry, Mr.
and Mrs. Power?. Mr. and Mrs. Pay*on. Orrtn
Peck. Dr. and Mrs. George C. Pardee. Misg
Penniman, Professor and Mrs. Putzker. Mr.
and Mrs. Plan. Senator aad Mrs. Perkins.
Dr. and Mrs. F. Payae, Mrs. G. H. T. Palmer,
PIERCE RIDS HIMSELF
OF HIS PENT-UP HATRED
Takes the Stand and Scores Toshay
Walker to a Good
Brown.
The relations between counsel for and
against was blended in that of attorney
and witfiess in Judge Cook's court yester
da and the result was some spicy re
marks from VT. L. Pierce in answer to
some close questioning by Foshay Wal
ker.
Walker had been attorney for a Mrs.
Townsend and Pierce had served In a sim
ilar capacity for a Mrs. Brunnings. Mrs.
Brunnir.gs is an incompetent, but before
she became so she set aside some money
she had in bank to Mrs. Townsend, the
terms of the transfer being that if any
thing happened to her Mrs. Townsend
phould care for her. and if she died the
residue of the money thus set aside was
to go to Mrs. Townsend.
It was not lons afterward that Mrs.
Townsend set up the claim that the
money had been given to her as an ab
solute gift and refused to spend any of it
on Mrs. Brunnings. Mrs. Brunnings sued
and recovered somewhere near JS-jOO, of
which I3SOQ was awarded to her counsel.
Pierce, for services rendered. Mrs. Town
send brought suit to have that amount
reduced, and upon that prAnt the case
came before Judge Cook yesterday.
Since the first suit was tried Walker and
Pierce have had but little love for each
other, and so when Pierce took the stand
to tell of the services he had performed
there was a prospect of trouble. Under the
questions of Walker, who throughout was
calm and quiet. Pierce said that his serv
ices were much more than they would
have been If he had not had to try the case
with a liar and a scoundrel as "his oppo
nent. He said Mrs. Townsend should have
pleaded that the money had been left to
her in trust, but that under the advice of
Walker she had sworn that it had been
left to her as a gift, and that increased
his work a great deal. He said upon the
stand that the fact that Walker had said
one thing would be sufficient cause for
him to belive the other, and half a dozen
more such pleasantries, but Walker took
them all without comment and Pierce was
allowed to spit his venom into the air
without objection.
The case wa3 taken under advisement.
THE LIFE STORY OF ELIZABETH FRY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymotxr Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES F"OR GIRLS.
X- ELIZABETH FBY.
ITSI-1545.
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN.
I lfite the pity la your full-brlmiaed eye;
I like your carriage asd your silken gray.
Tour dove-like habits and your sileat preach
icr.
But I don't like your Xewyatory teaching.
Xo. I'll be rour friend.' and life* a friend *
Point out your very wcr*t defects— nay. neTtr
Start at thai word! B*t I mast ask you why
Tou keep your schGol la Newgate, Mra. Fry.
The foregoing deplorably . unmetrical
rhyme called "Keep Your School Out of
Newgate. Mrs. Fry." **as the outcome of
an effort by Thomas Hood to put tn ballad
form the popular amazement at the prison
reforms brought about by that active phi
lanthropist, Mrs. Elizabeth Fry. The cor
dial Eupport which the most eminent men
and women of Europe have since given
Mrs. Fry's helpful plans has proved
Hood's diagnosis of her teaching to have
been as poor as the puns In which he
tried to express it.
This woman who braved the ferocity of
the prison inmates and the bantering of
the uncomprehending was naturally of
such timorous temperament that she
could never have achieved her good works
had she not been actuated by the thought
that she was called of God to minister to
the parish. Frequent Illnesses weakened
her _ physically, but left her high, active
sp»rit uncurbed. Meanwhile the family re
ra £ V t?. to t h *a.xiti<Til luxurious home at
Plashe... w^?re Elizabeth Fry had be
come an approved minister of the Society
of Friends. Here she founded a school
r . t s e ,, poor Irlsh ot tte neighborhood,
materially assisted the annual encamp
ment of gypsies, learned the art of vacci
r , i,,, n ,. m an eminent physician, and so
skillfully Inoculated the children of her
indigent neighbors that smallpox was ,
practically stamped out from the sur
rounding villases.
J. n IS P, Mrs - Fr >* P^d h «*" fir*t memor
able visit to the women of Newgat**
prison, whose ward 3 were familtarly
known as "Hell on Earth." The loath
some conditions and consequent suffering
o» the inmates deeply touched the ten
der-hearted woman, but beyond providing
food and clothing for them Mrs. Fry <H«1
not begin the work with which h?r name
is IdentiSed until four years* later. Mear
whlle she tried to interest her friends in
some practical way of confronting the*
terrible Newgate problem.
Those who objected to a woman pioneer
In this reformatcry work upon the ground
that a mother's place is In her home li:
tle appreciated Elizabeth Fry's recoil
from the publicity which the novelty of
her work must entail, nor ncr wresti."ing3
with conscience when trying to decide
which duty urged the stronger claim; nor
did her detractors at first realise that It
was the warm motherly nature inspir
ing her with sympathy for the little chil-
SOCIETY ASSEMBLES AT HEARST HALL TO HONOR
FRENCH POET DE REGNIER.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21. 1900.
HEALTH BOARD
INCREASES ITS
SALARY ROLL
Restores More of Its Men
to Their Former Full
Compensation.
Additional Sums Filched From Tax-
payers — Sale of Condemned Gov
ernment Supplies to Be Pre
vented in the Future.
The Board of Health, which recently
retired a number of its employes from
official duty because the Board of Su
pervisors declined to allow a- systematic
raid on the city treasury, restored sev
eral subordinates to the salary roll at a
meeting held last night. The consequence
of this action will be that $700 per month
from now until the end of the fiscal
year will be saddled on the taxpayers.
When the board decided to dispense with
the service* of most of its employes two
months ago it did so only after fully real
izing that there would be no funds where
with to pay them. Two weeks ago it be
gan to undo its first work in that line and
restored "Health Officer O'Brien, Secretary
Brown, Assistant City Physician J*»rris
sey and others, to full pay. Last night
It added several more to the roll in its
endeavor to spend every cent It k* 3 ai it 3
disposal. - ; : - :
The following employes were restored
to the salaries they received before the
wholesale reduction went into effect:
Chief Sanitary Inspector W. P. Chal
mers from JIOQ to $130; Chief Plumbing In
spector J. J. Sullivan from $100 to $125;
Statistician W. D. Griffin from $100 to $1-Vf
per month. These increases are to go into
effect May 1. Dr. Beatrice Hlnkle. as
sistant city physician, was put back on
the salary roll at $100 per month from
May 1. and Clerk Stanton will draw StCO
per month from April 15. Plumbing In
spectors P. Mulligan. J. 11. Daly and W.
H. Tobin at $100 per month _each. and
Sewer Inspector Connolly at $.j. also had
their salaries restored dating from April
15. All of these employes continued to
serve the city without pay when their
services were dispensed with la.«t March.
Chief of Police Sullivan assured the
board cf the co-operation of the Police
Commission in its endeavor to prevent the
sale of Government supplies that are
found to be unsanitary. Hereafter the
commission will refuse to issue licenses
to any junk dealers who buy good 3 of that
character.
dren of the prisoners which touched their
brutal natures and formed the real key
note of her succcS3.
Capital punishment at that time existed
for »» different offenses. Th* women of
the prison, tried and untried, were herded
together, with their little children. In a
bare, filthy room, where they were all
supposed to eat slightly, drink freely and
sleep without bedding. Half perished with
the cold and insufficiently clad, they spert
the days gambling and becTrtng for drink
money. The howlmgs cf this Inferno were
so terrible and the savage irresponsibility
of these degraded and maltreated inmate's
was so dangerous that the prison authori
ties Implored Mrs. Fry to leave her valua
bles outside. This she refused to do. and
requested that she might go in alone to
speak with the prisoners. When the doors
had been lockea after her she gently laid
before the astonished women the misery
cf their little ones and besought them to
co-operate with her in organizing a school
for them. Quite touched by her prayers
and solicitations, the women chose the
most trustworthy of their fellow-prison
ers as teacher, soon the mothers also at
tended the skillfully conducted school.
Sewing, wa* taught them, matrons were
appointed and the place gradually as
sumed an orderly and spotless appear
ance.
Another great trial which she assumed
was the personal comforting of prisoners
sentenced to execution. Nothing but a
realizing sense of the genuine supper;
which her sympathy conveyed to tho^e
whose scaffolds were building enabled her
to confront these terrible ordeals, espe
cially when the poor victims were to be
hanged for petty theft, for accomplice in
forsjery or for pas«ir.sr counterfeit notes
without knowledge that they were spuri
ous. So agonized did Mrs. Fry become
over these visits to the cells of the un
justly condemned that she began inquir
ing, to some purpose. "Is it for man thus
to take the prerogative of the Almighty
into his own hands?" As a result of her
efforts among prominent phiianthropist*
and in the House of Commons the p-?nal
decrees were made far more b'jrnar.»
Societies were organized to p**>vide in
struction and employment which wouM
make prisoners self-supporting, and th«?
funds necessary to bring about this new
re-rime were raised by John J. Gurney.
Elizabeth Fry's brother. The Government
also intrusted to this heroic band the care
of the transport s«h!p«. artd under lt«
practical wisdom this vile system was re
lieved of much of Its " horror and bar
barity.
Meanwhile financial difficulties and th<»
consequent removal from beautiful
Plashet to a cottage at Upton, combined
with the loss of many of her friends arj.l
relatives, sadly impaired Mrs. Fry's
health. Throughout all her trials, how
ever, she was to others the strer.gthener
and consoler. Her increasingly larse
family was also a rreat care, her twelfth
and youngest child being born on the
same day as her first grandchild. She
nevertheless found time to make In tha
companionship of her noble brother sev
eral helpful journeys abroad.
In her journal she thus describes a visit
which the King of Prussia paid to her at
Upton: "I went first <from Newgate>
with the lady mayoress and the sheriff*,
the King next with his own people. I had
to hasten to take off my cloak, ar.d then
went down to meet him at the carriage
door, with my husband and seven of our
sons and sons-in-law. I then walked
with him into the drawing room, wher*
all wa< In beautiful order, neat and
adorned with Cowers. I presented to the
King our eight daughters and daughters
in-law. • • • an< j afterward pre
sented twenty-five of our grandchildren.
"We had a solemn silence before our rneaX,
which was handsome and fit for a kirj%
yet not extravagant, everything most
complete and nice. I sat by the King, who
appeared to enjoy his dinner. p<rfe«tly as
his ease and very happy with us." In ad.
her Interviews with strangers and celeb
rities she prayed constantly to be kep;
"faithful, not forward."
Her pUy for the lonely coast suard.*
men led her to anticipate the modern
traveling: libraries, and through her ex
ertions 50.030 volumes were secured from
the government for distribution amocff
servant* and employes.
A woman of undoubted executive abil
ity. Elizabeth Fry nevertheless possessed
a sLngle-heartednes3 and loveliness of
character such as is not often granted to
leaders of men ensrrossed witn outaida
cares. The secret of this happy combina
tion Is found In a letter to her sister
wherein she says: "Ever since my heart
was touched at 1? years old. I believe I
have never awakened from sleep. In sick
ness or In health, by nisht or day, with
out my first thought being how best I
may serve my Maker."
She died in 1345. Forty years later a
church wan erected to her. memory In tha
garden of her Upton home. Prinees3
Louise laid the foundation stone and
many of Mrs. Fry's great-grandchildren
were present at the ceremony.
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
PREVENTS HEMORRHOIDS
and CURES CONSTIPATION
GET THE- GENUINE.
WORLD-WIDE REPUTATION.
Elizabeth frt.
The front page of next Sun-
day's Call will be devoted
to an article appearing in that
paper exclusively — an article
substantiated by startling
proofs and one involving most
important international af -
x?=sj\ NE of the most fashionable and 1
v brilliant receptions ever riven In
\^ toe college town was held In
H<=ar?t Hall. Berkeley, last even- !
:rz. It was tn honor of M. de Regr.ier.
The err.iatnt French poet, and Madame de
Begsler. ami was given by Professor and
Madame Pa?et of the University of Cali
fornia.
Hearst Ha", with its pretty decorations
and lights, ar.d the gorgeous gowns of
ihe ladies, mad* the scene a brilliant one.
There were in attendance people from
both sid<_-s of the bay, prominent French
r°siiicEts of £an Francisco, the officers of
•t* French cruiser Le Protet and the
r.:emh>-rs cf the faculty of the University
<. f C<*iiiomia and their wives.
Tr. -c who assisted in the reception
R*ceptlcn coc^mittee — Mrv. Hearst (president),
llr». Wheeler. Pnr.t &=d Pnnc*** Pociat-w
*f... iln. ilary Kir.ca.iA. Juc^e and Mrs.
•:¦-.«. Mr ar.i lire. W. Crocker. Mr. and
Mrs- A. is- HailSdle. Ja<i£e ani Mrs. \\ayn::re.
FroJeeeor ar.d airs. Joseph Le Conte. Pro
tewor and Urts. William Carey Jcr.ts. Mr. and
ilr». E. I>eiucice, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Symm^s.
OfScers &f the French tr^an-cl-war Le Hrotet —
Coemodcre M.. M. Germlnet. LAeste&aat M.
. ..~.r-i. Chief Er-einetr Caitiet. Captain
ilirtm cc I'Espisay, Lieutenant* Hue. Escudier.
TSeloe, La±«.rre and Dcue, Payr^aster Charet.
tarxeca Uuaraa, Chief En«-.n«er Martin, En
fin*«n Guenet asS Geraste. Jumcr Officers
.-.ub.=^ Eouchari, D« Moan de Seva^se. Moa
j--:IIce. Pascal, De Peyte* d« Msntca.br.er and
to . i.-g^u.
Otter guest* — Sir. a-d Mrs. T. S. Alexander,
il** Aitxicier, Professor and Mrs. Arthur
jLlexandrr. Mr. Actoine. Profe»»or and Mrs.
>.r4!ey. Dr. and Mn. v;a Adelus*. Professor C.
W. Arases. Hon. Aiden Ani^rscn.
Hon. and Mn. James H. Budd. Mr. and Mn.
Jofea E. BadJ- Stme. Bareia. Mr. and Mrs. J.
P. Barrett. Mr. and Mrs. O«cr»e W. Bunneil.
ZZr »r.i Mrs Jaye» BunnelZ. Mrs. Beaton. Mi*s
Be&t&t, Mr. arrd Mrs. Coiumbu* Baxtlett, Mrs.
IJairl.* Mr. eni Mrs. B-iCce, Jir. and Mr*.
li^denfcach. Mr. and Mr». H. Butleni. Mrs.
Ucyd B*Ii«-:s. Mies Baiiwtn. Mr. tad Mrs. A.
\\\ Either. Mr». M. Bullions, Ills* Kate
Beaver. General BBS Mrs. Bam*-«. Mr. and Mrs.
"."(Iwari ffrrj""'". Dr. an-1 Mrs. George Buck
t;a'l. President aad Mr*. Burk. Mr. aad Mrs.
ixnJa Bansi, Mr. ar.d Mrs. FraxikJin
I sr^s. Mr and Mrs. Ere<-k. Mi*s Man B*U.
Mr. and Mx*. John Baiiard. Mis* Brockway.
:ir« Ea*»sa. Mr. and Mrs. Frank L. Brown,
Professor and Mr* Elmer E. isro«rr.. Mr. and
2lr* li-w=*n. Mr. *r.d Mrs. E. F. Burrtll.
Mr aad Mrs. Bestley. Mr. and Mrs. Georje
lerzixcm Sir. ac3 Mrs- Barchard. Profe**^
ar.* i:r*. Ttcir.a* Bacttti. Mr. and Mrs. Btolotti.
rm'iatnr ar.l Mr*. B'.as^ale. Mrs. and Mis*
I^cr.ie. Professcr an! Mrs. Borstcn. Professor
And Mrs. Bradley. Mr*. Bums. Mr. *nd Mrs.
Ar.i^ii 3lake. Key. Mr. Brewer.
MaJ>r and Mr*. C. CUy. Dr. a=d Mn. Bev
erly Cole, the Misse* Crellin. Mr. and Mrs.
' E Crocker, Connsodcre and Mrs. Calkins,
SI- Chassber* Mr. and Mm. Cheney. M.r. ar.d
ilrs. Cfae««&rourh. Prcfeescr aad Mr*. Clapp.
Mr and Mrs. Colby. Mr. and Mn. Carolan.
>«r and Mrs. Coieman, Mr. ar.d Mrs. Q. A.
Chase. Miss Cariin. the Mifbes Conr.ors. Mr.
ar.d Mrs. F. H. Coombs. Dr. asd Mrs. Clark,
Mr*, rrittenden. Mr. and Mrs. Cone. Mr. ani
¦Ir*. rarp*«er, Mr*. H. <?hab>;t. Mr. ana Mn.
. rs-w-fard. the Mlwe* Crawford. Mr. and Mr*.
.Mr. ani Mrs. James Pierce. Professor and Mrs.
Pierce. Mr. and Mrs. Pilisbury, Mrs. T. G.
Phrlps.
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Requa, Mr. aad Mrs. A.
J. Ralston. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Rodgers. pro
fe?=or and Mrs. Rising, the Mlso-ej Risln?,
Professor L. Richardson. Dr. and Mrs. Rltter.
Mr. aii.i Mrs. J. C. Rowell, Mr. snd Mrs
Richards. Mrs. Ripiey. Mr. and Mrs. Reed.
Mr. and Mrs. Radford. Miss K. Radford, Dr.
Chester Rowell. Dr. and Mrs. Rosenstirn. Miss
Eoser.stirn. M. Curtis Richardson, Professor
and Mrs. Raymond. J. B. Reir.stein-
Mrs. Jane Stanford. General Shafter, Mr.
and Mrs. F. W. Smith. Mr. ana Mrs. yon Lobe's
Sels, Hon. ar.d Mrs. Frederick Stratton. Pro
fessor and Mrs. Frank ijouie. Professor and
Mrs. Senper. Mr. ani Mrs. Shlnn. M!s3 Shinn.
Mr. and Mrs. A. McKenzie Sutton. James But
ton. Prof<??sor ar.d Mrs. Syie. Mr. and Mrs.
Peabury. Mrs. Searby. Mr. and Mrs J. N. L
ghepcrd. I>r. Shuey. Mrs- and Miss Swett, Miss
Pt!ne*n. Mr. ar.d Mrs. William Starr. Mrs.
Scupham. Mrs. Sessions. Mrs. Premiss Felby.
Mr. and Mrs. Sanbora. Mr. and Mrs. Howard
Smith. Judge and Mrs. Seawell Mr. and Mrs.
Stow, Mr. and Mrs Snarls. Mrs. Sedgwlck.
Professor and Mrs. Slat*. Professor Setehell.
Hon. A. R Srre-:k»K ? Mr. arwi-Mrs. Loomii
Sloaa. Miss Sperry. Professor Thomas Sanford.
Dr. and Mrs. Swan.
Count and Countess de Trobriand. Dr. aad
Mrs. H. E. Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Thomp
son. Mr. and Mrs. Treat. Mr. and Mrs. Tomp
kins. Mr. ar.d Mrs. Tolnxey. Mr. and Mn. G.
Taylor. Mr. aad Mrs. I. Taylor. Mr. and Mrs.
Edwards Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Torrey. Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Toueaard.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. John J. Valentine. Dr. and Mrs.
Vail. Dr. and Mrs. Voorhies. the Misses Voor
hie«. Professor and Mrs. Voorsanger.
Mr. and Jlr«- VTbitaej-. Mr. Wtnterburn. Mr.
and Mrs. Woodworth. Professor and Mrs
Woodwortfc, Mr. Walker. Mr. and Mr*. Charles
Wilkinson. Mr. and Mrs. TC. Wilkinson Miss
Wilkinson. Mr. and Mrs. C Wilkinson.
Judge and Mrs. WaymJre. Raphael WeiU. Mr
and Mrs. V.'hitelaw Reid, Mr. and Mrs. Wat
tles. Judge Wallace. Dr. and Mrs. Wines Dr.
Wantzer. Dr. ar.d Mrs. Wairaer. Miss E. Wa*
n»r, Mr. and Mr». Webster. Mr. and Mr«
Williams. Mr. and Mrs. George H. Wheaton,
Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Wood. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Wheeler. Professor and Mr*. Wrarapel
metr. Miss Wlckcff. Professor and Mrs.
W-elcher. Professor and Mrs. Wlckson. th«
Misses Wickson. Mr. Wilczynskf, Mr. and Mrs.
Woolscy. Miss Woolser. Mr. and Mrs. Wellen
dor'. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wilson. Mr. and
Mrs. Raymond Wilson.
The Bank of Spain ha.* outstanding $19.-
700.00) less In loans than it reported a year
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society.
Catholic Ladles' Aid Society Xo. 19 win
give an entertainment and dance fn aM
of the relief fund at Union-squar* Hall
next Wednesday evening; the Ziitx last.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
' CHARLES BOXTON.
9Family Retail Market.
-t : ; ?
There are no changes worthy of note in But
ter. Eg_s and Cheese this week.
Meats and Poultry stand about the same as
before quoted. Hams. Bacon and Lard are ad
vancing In the wholesale markets, and the
retail prices are likely to be raised any day.
Cherries are now coming In, and are very
good, though dear. Otherwise there Is nothing
new in Fruits. Vegetables are plentiful, and
prices show little change from week to week.
Coal, ,>er ton —
Cannel $ ©13 0)
Wellington .. ®10 00
New Welling
ton @10 00
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per 5qr... 35(^40
Do, per roll 35«£—
Cheese, Cal 10<fil2
Cheese. Eastern.. .l 7©2)
Cheese. Swiss 20^35
Common Eggs... ..ls®—
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 12317
Beef, choice ...... 15<f?2<3
Do good 10©12
Corned Beef — <JrlO
Ham; Eastern.. l7%@—
Lard —©15
Mutton 10@12
Spring Lamb 12'«13
Pork, fresh HUiJ
Seattle $3 5012
Southfleld
Welllnsrtcn .. 1 sa
Coos Bay ; @7 00
Ranch Eggs, per
dozen ..17@20
Honey .Comb, per
Pound 12513
Do, extracted...— ©io
iPork, rait 12®15
) Pork Chops :VSQU
! Round Steak 10©12
Sirloin Steak tf@—
'Porterhouse d0....20W2."
] Smoked Beef . — <313
1 Pork Sausages..l2U«iL' t
jVeal 11315
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Ncui' York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 20.— The stock market
continued unsettled and hesitating to-day un
der the Influence of the uncertainty surround
ing the iron and Fteel issues. The undertone
was distinctly firm and the early portion of
weakr.ers gave way to a slow and Irregular
upward movement, doubtless due in large part
to the demend from short Interest to cover.
Thf- rates for loans on stocks this morning on
the floor indicated that the short Interest was
quite large. The comparative quiet of the
Iron and Eteel stocks and positive strength at
a number of points prompted the covering of
fhorts and encouraged what Flight buying for
E^r.eral account there was. n_ger attention
was fixed upon American Steel and Wire all
day in view of the session of the company's
executive committee. The movement of the
Ftock »es feverish ani common and preferred
often moved In contrary directions as though
to cause a feeling of uncertainty over develop
ment* in the com par. y. Aside from this con
fusing manipulation dealings in the stock were
apparently largely in ,the hands of the room
traders who circulated many rumors concern
ing the executive committees action. The ac
tion wa_ kept secret until after the close of
the market. With this disturbing factor kept
In the background a number of favorable In- !
fluences were allowed to have play. The coal
ens were all notably strong on favorable trade
report*, the bituminous coal as well as the
enthracite roads sharing in the movement.
The local traction stocks and Sugar moved
upward in a decidedly Irregular manner and I
Texas end Pacific. Canada Southern. New
York Central and Pennsylvania were also
points of strength. The good crop weather
was a sustaining Influence with the grain
carrying road*. Rumors still continue to cir
culate cf new railroad combinations and of
proKpeete of divedends on railroad stocks but
they have no definite authority. The banks
eeem assured of an increase in caeh to-mor
row, having pained nearly *4.0C0.c«X» on sub
treasury oj^ratlons and over half a million
dollars en the express movement with the In
terior. There is rather more mystery than
usual surrounding the item of loans. The liqui
dation indicates loan contraction, but the de
fhl n! rfr,v C *, !e °i f lnter " 1 rat<l « has prompted
The r U , CC a . S !an?e loans " P°«Blble.
IhT t?^ ° f 11 ° E ? ln S on eterllng collateral
which has proceeded during the week will un
doubtedly be reflected in the statement as it
has be*n In the rterling market during the
„ Actual sterling rates advanced £ and
pt«ted rates '-c to-day and are near the gold
export point, though the experts ere engaged
in their usunl wrangle as to Just what flgure
E^_?n^_rSii^ 1 money io * ned -
The bond market was less active to-day and
juSoTw*™ well h * ld - TolsU BaleB - par *¦*?
thVi_t „?_: b,d issr 0 <secMned v ana
NEW TORK STOCK LIST
Sold. Stocks- ¦ n£ g
2.600 Atch'son "i?:,
7.C00 Atchiscn prefd .. .
i.OCO Baltimore & Ohio !"" cct'
Canadian Pacific """" «''
2.000 Canada Southern .... '"""' ?K7i
2,1f« Chesajieake & Ohio 221*
100 Chicago Great Western fjr!
bfS ££ lc »«° Burlington & Q__«£~H!_m!
1.125 Chicago Ind & Louisville 27
1.020 Chicago Ind & Louis\-Ille prefd '-v
ITO Chicago & Eastern Illinois.. ...'i::;:^ I
ICO Chicago & Northwestern iciix
'¦212 ?_?<?__sS I '" lanJ1 anJ & p »c>flc....::iis
4^o C C C & ht Louis fa/
1» Colorado Southern ... J,
Colorado Southern let prefd ti
•¦"^•; £ ol . or -' 1 ° Southern 2d prefd. .'.'.'.'.'." 16>4
857 Delaware & Hudson .. "lisw
&° s_^?i^s^s_s: StSiPsl
£10 Denver & Rio Grande prefd'!;;;;;" ?»S
Erie ,!«*
K» Erie Ist prefd Jr>
250 Great Northern prefd '" ,?«¦*
700 Hocking Coal ,2
5,C*« Hocking Valley 1?
160 Illinois Central ?,»,
' 100 lowa Central .[ I}i'*1 }i'*
200 lowa Central prefd r\
108 Kansas City Plttsburg &"Guif isu,
685 Lake Erie & Western .... Uj*
Lake Trie &. Western prefd «I
Lake Shore J£
2.210 Louisville _- Nashville ... si,/
3.C*O Manhattan Elevated Sj,?
4.200 Metroj«olltan Street Railway i«n
W0 Mexican Central *??,,
100 Minneapolis 4: St Louis ....;".' «£
Minneapolis and st Louis prefd siil
31,790 Missouri Pacific "" ??_
Mobile & Ohio i? 1 *
100 Missouri Kansas A- Texas -,-*~ 12
7W Mirsourl Kansas _¦ Texas prefd as
t.MG New Jersey Central ""i">iv.
n.SCS Keir York Central ""lSS**
4.SIJ Norfolk & Western ' KaJ
200 Norfolk & Western prefd '.'." 7s
2.5-10 Northern Pacific SSU
Si.s .Northern Pacific prefd ' -f,\l
2.800 Ontario & We«tem ; .-.. 23"?
Oregon Railway &. Nay 42
_..„.. Oregon Railway & Nar prefd 71
17.150 Pennsylvania 1371/
6.JCO Reading 2V* 1
8,185 Reading Ist prefd '.'.' Ct'i
*,040 Reading Id prefd 3jv
....... Rio Grande Western _ii
Securities continued very dull on th« morn-
Ing session, and the only noteworthy Changs
was a further decline In, Gas and Electric to
$49 £0.
In the afternoon Giant Powder sol- _owa
to $81 C2H-
The oil stocks continued dull.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. April 20—2 p. n_
Bld.Ask. I Bid.Ask
U S Bonds—
4s <juar c0up.. 11414113
4s do reg 1141,113
4s do c» new.-l.^^ —
4s do coup.... 110 —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 113 127H
C C Wat 55... 106% —
Ed I- & P 65. .123 —
F&CT Ry 85..115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 92H
H C & S s>4s. — —
Do 5s 105% —
LA Ry 65.... 104 —
X. AL. Co 65... — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 55.. 99 100H
L A & P R 63.102*4 —
Market-st 6s..l2S*i —
Do Ist M 55..117H —
NCN G R 7s.UO —
N R of Cal 63.113U —
NP of C_l b5.116 —
N P C R R 65.104H —
N P C R R Ss.lOT^i —
N Cal R R 55. 112 —
Oak G L&H3S.IWH —
Oak Tran 65..U4* 4 —
Oak W Co 55.. — 103H
Oceanic S C0..1C6%107
Om C Ry 65.. 125 —
P & CT Ry 63. 104}* —
P&O R R 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6a.117 —
Sac L & GR5s. 90 —
S F A SJV 05.1164 —
S Rf of Cal 6s.r.l«H —
S P Cf A 63. ..113^115
Do (1905) 109 —
Do (1906) 111 —
Do (1912) IISVi —
Do Ist c* ss. — —
S P Br 6s 127*i125t4
S V Water 65.114»* —
Do 4s 104 —
SV W (3d m). 102 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 99 —
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. «i% 65
Marin County. — —
Eprtns Valley. 94»i 54%
Gas _: Electric —
Cent G L Co.. — .—
Cent L & P... 3% —
Eauit G L Co. 2% 3%
Mutual El Co. - 13
OGL&H.... 43 —
Pao Gaa Imp.. «^ 50
Pac LCo — 45
S F G A E.... 43H 43T«
San Francisco. 4'» —
Stxn G<_ECo 10 —
Insurance —
Firern's Fund 228 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 84 «T
Bank of Cal. ..405 —
Cal S D A T..10* I£*
First National. — 230
Lon P & A.. .133 —
Merchants' Ex 13
Savin gra BaaJu
Nev Nat Bit — _,-<
Ger S_: 1...1550 — '
Hum S & L. — _
Mut Say B_. 45*4 —
S F Say U.. 512H —
Say &L. So. 74 73
Sec Say Bit. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads—
California .... — l_
Geary-st ...... 60 —
Market-*t Ry. 63H 63^
O 8 L. & H... — 50
Presidio 18H —
Powder Stocks-
California 152H —
Giant Con Co. 81H 8:»4
Vigortt 3>* 3V»
Sugar Stocks —
Hana S P CO. SH 9H
Haw CAS Co. BSH 90
Honokaa S Co. 32% 33
Hutch S P Co. — 26' i
Kllauea S Co. 21*4 :r,
Makawell SCo 4S *SH
Onomea S Co.. » —
Paauhau 8 Co. JIH —
Miscellaneous— -
Al Pack Assn. 113 ll«l
Cal Fruit Asn.lo4^4^-**
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. 94* i 94
Pac A F A.... 2 -
Pac C Bor C 0.130 —
Par Paint Co. 10 —
Morales: Ses_ton.
Board —
25 Honokaa S Co —.. S3 0}
100 Makawell 4S 23
200 Paaunau S P Co XI 34
63 S F Gaslight, a 3 4 50
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
100 Vigorlt » _P_
Afternoon Session.
Board —
S Contra Costa Water 63 to
5 Giant Powder Con 82 0O
5 Giant Powder Con 81 73
40 Giant Powder Con 81 62' i
50 Mekaweli. b 30 4S 50
f 2OOO Oceanic Steamship Bonds 107 Ort
123 Panuhau S P Co 31 50
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 43 50
500 S F Gaslight 4 3*
100 Vlgorlt Powder, b 30 3 _»
PRODUCERS' On, EXCHANGE.
Morninz Session.
Board
200 Barker Ranch 1 IS
23 San Joaquin 2 00
Afterncon Session.
Board—
430 Burlington R9
IPO Home Oil 3 S3
100 Home Oil 3 9>
60 Home Oil, b 30 3 90
Street—
100 Yukon 1 t!>
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales la the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session
330 Belcher 22
600 Best & Belcher 21
7CO Chollar 11
500 Con Imperial.. 02
200 Crown Point... I<l
100 Crown Point... 17
SCO Exchequer C 3
ICO Ophlr- 71
100 Ophir 72
100 Overman jj
300 Overman n
2ik> Sierra Nevada. 4;
100 Sierra Nevada. 4*
100 Union Con 30
100 Union Con 23
ICO Utah Ti
100 Yellow Jacket!! 30
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 10
100 Caledonia 1 23
6CO Chollar 11
300 Chollar 12
13C0 Con Imperial... 01
50 Crown Point IS
ICO Gould & Curry 25
100 Gould & Curry 23
300 Hale & Norc. 37
%s&*£%& P
300 Overman .'. 21
100 Potosl 27
&§__#£@ \\
200 Yellow Jacket.! 23
Th"c following were the sales In the Pacific
lock Exchange yesterday: • * cmo
Morning Session.
330 Belcher 22
100 Belcher 21
200 Best & Belcher 22
250 Chollar 12
50 Con Cal & Va..l 63
100 Con Cal & V.I 67H
100 Confidence 92
100 Confidence 91
1200 Gould & Curry 26
ICO Hale & Norc... 37
1000 Mexican m
100 Ophlr " 72
100 Ophlr ". 71
400 Ophlr " 7,}
200 Ophlr .1 g;
20* Overman 21
2«0 Overman •*
400 Potosl <£
300 Sierra Neradal 4r
100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
Vfternoon Session
10CO Alta C 3
200 Belcher 21
200 Best & Belcher 23
50 Chollar 12
200 Con Cal & V.I 67^
ICO Confidence 42
400 Con New York. C 3
200 Gould & Curry 26
300 Hale & Norc... 17
JOOHale & Norc... 3H
2CO Mexican 3
*oo Ophir 6 7
2Qt> Potosl . " -r>
2CO Savage ...""" io
2CO Sierra Nevada. 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
FRIDAY. April 20-4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. 1 t>ij A .v
A]Pha « M 1M 1 Justice 7mm
AHa 04 M Kentuck .... _ 0*
Andes 10 11 La dy Wash _ p
Belcher .. 21 22]Mexlcan ... n 33
Best & Belcher » 2i! Occidental .... _| £$
Continued on Page Titirteea,
NEW YORK. April 20.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: This week
the Industrials furnished the sensational ele
ment in the stock market. Their unsteadiness
for some time back in the face of the rising
tendency of railroad shares has already been
fully referred to. and It cannot be said that
Wall street Is altogether unprepared for a de
cline in this portion of the market. What sur
prised and dismayed the speculative public In
connection with the severe break In American
bteel and Wire stocks and the other steel Indus
trials wan the apparently well-founded reports
that the closing down of Home of the company's
mills, though perhaps warranted by business
conditions growing out of overproduction and
decreased consumption at, the prevalent high
prices, was attended by heavy selling of both
the common and preferred stocks by Inside In
terests. In fact, even If the declines In fin
ished steel products furnished a proper cause
for the action of the management In Its sus
pending operations for the time being it was
promptly concluded that the manner In which
this was done and the sudden nature of the
announcement left little doubt as to the soecu!
latlve reason behind the move. Under the cir
cumstances, particularly as there were prompt
confirmations at the reported concessions in
steel prices generally, all of the Iron and steel
stocks, with few exceptions, shared more or
less in the general break and were only rallied
by heavy covering of short contracts. The
railroad jhare list which at first was Inclined
to hold its ground in the face of the de
moralization of the industrials, developed more
or less Irregularity and weakness, which was
natural In view of the rather severe liquida
tion of E^eculatlve accounts In the leadinn
steel stocks In spite of the persistent manipu
lation of the Southwestern and Pacific stocks
reallztng-sales set in on a large scale and prices
generally tended to sell off. London's activity
In the market was on a more restricted scale
although the market there apparently realized
that the difficulty In Wall street related only
to the Industrials and had no actual bearing on
railroad earnings or dividend prospects After
the London market reopened on Tuesday from
Its Ea#ter recess there was some selling by
foreign houses, but later on the European par
ticipation, although mixed in character" was
In the main in the direction of further pur
chases rather than of sales. The continued
firmness of the London money market and the
marked tendency of exchange rates hereto ad?
)'^ c \ c ?u tlnue to attrac t some attention, al
though the money market Is not Influenced by
the prospect of gold shipments In the near
future to such an extent as it doubtless woutd
be if It were not believed that the further ex
pansion of the national bank circulation now fn
progress. will assure easy money in American
markets for some time to come. Favorable
crop prospects In the West have been a factor
in connection with the granger railroad shnrSl
Rio Grande Western prefd 87*4
Et Louis & San Fran iOv»
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
210 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36
COO St Louis Southwestern 12
420 St Louis Southwestern prefd S2'4
2.CC5 St Paul 121%
410 St Paul prefd 173T4
St Paul & Omaha 119
25.7?5 Southern Pacific 33%
7.CCO Southern Railway lZ' t
3.110 Southern Railway prefd I9\i
11.250 Texas & Pacific 20^
15.150 Union Pacific 67%
2.035 Union Pacific prefd 75%
1,400 Wabash 7T*
1.600 Wabash. prefd 22T»
Wheeling & Lake Erie 104
1.610 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 23' i
20% Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies —
UO Adams 120
American .145
United States 45
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 36
American Cotton Oil prefd S7
American Malting 4
225 American Malting prefd 21
1.540 American Smelting & Refining 33
420 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 89
American Spirits 2*j
American Spirits prefd 17
335 American Steel Hoop 28>4
1,150 American Steel Hoop prefd 76
50,163 American Steel & Wire 44>4
25.859 American Steel & Wire prefd 'S\
545 American Tin Plate 29
125 American .Tin Plate prefd 78
EOO American Tobacco 1034
American Tobacco prefd 136
1.700 Anaconda Mining Co 117
37.957 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73>4
2.920 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43H
1,f!25 Continental Tobacco 29H
239 Continental Tobacco prefd E2
10.1«0 Federal Steel 44
1.050 Federal Steel prefd 71
2.710 General Electric 13S
3&0 Glucose Sugar 50
Glucose Sugar prefd 95
£00 International Paper 22
International Paper prefd 65
I^aclede Gas 72
National Biscuit 33
National Biscuit prefd S6
.133 National Lead 23H
523 National Lead prefd 104>4
1,200 National Steel 3514
6,200 National Steel prefd 91>i
New York Air Brake 125
1.100 North American 15
125 Pacific Coast 61»i
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
731 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
5.070 Pacific Mail 32
8.110 People's Gas 10414
450 Pressed Steel Car 49U
lfK> Pressed Steel Car prefd 82
106 Pullman Palace Car IS2
Standard Rone & Twine 6^4
23,r^0 Sugar iOSVi I
Sugar rrefd uo^i !
4.075 Tennessee Coal £ Iron, ex dlv S6
2.000 United States Leather n\
1.41 X) United States Leather prefd 71
300 United States Rubber 321;
United States Rubber prefd 97
SSS Western Union j»
430 Republic Iron & Steel Co 19t£
400 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd f'J,
P C C & St Louis 63
i Third Avenue 112
463.2 i» Shares scld.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S rfdg 2s. when IM X & T 2ds 6!)H
: issued 102*;! Do 4s S3V
; Do 232 3 reg 99>»;x V C lsts 110»i
P° 2» reg 103 NJ C gen 5s .123
P" 3» cour> v#\ N Carolina 6s 127U
Do new 4s rejr...133 Do 4s 1%4
Do new 4s c0up.. 134 ,N Pacific 3s 6SH
Do old 4s reg U4UI Do 4s 104
Do old 4s coup...H4>4!N V C & St L 45. .107
Do E « re_ 112VN & W con 4s 95
I Do Es coup nmi Do _en 6s 131
Dlst of Col 3.e55...1224i0r Nay lsts 108
Atchiscn gen 45...100%| Do 4s 103U
Do adj 4s 84% Or Short Line 65..'128
Canada So 2ds 107 | Do con 5s 11314
Ches & O 4Vis 100 'Reading gen 45.... 89 2
I Do „ 120% 'R G W lsts 99U
°y V^, _"i 7s --- 142 |St L & I M con 55.110V4
Do S F deb 55....122 Ft L& S F gen 6s. 123*4
?l? ll i r a^ o^ term 4s -- p6%p 6% St Paul cons 173^
D & R G lsts 104 |6t PC & P 15t5.. .120
_, r >? «s 99% i Do 6s 120--A
E T \ & G 15t5.. .102 IB Railway 5s 113
f? 1 "'? . "n 4s -- 74«i!stand R& T 65... 72
F \\ & D C lsts... 71 |Term new set 35.. 954
£*¦?, le £ tr ? c 55....117%!Tex & Pac 15t5. ...115^
G H & S A 6s 107 I Do 2ds 60
±P° *?« HO U Pacific 4s 10-374
H & T C 5s no iWabash lsts il-£
Do con 6s 110 Do 2ds 103S
lowa Cent 15t5.. ..114 West Shore 4s 114
X C P & G lsts... 73 IWis Central lsts.. 92V t
La new con 4f ICSHIVa Centuries 91%
VA- X unl 4s IOOHj Do deferred 5
6 Pacific 4s 84T*ICo!o & So 4s S4'4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10: Ontario 8 23
Crown Point 15;Ophir 66
Con Cal & Va 1 55; Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60lQulcksiIver 150
Gould & Curry 24|Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 22! Sierra Nevada 75
Homestake 50 00 j Standard 350
Iron Silver 69 , Union Con ". 27
Mexican 331 Yellow Jacket .... 16
BOSTON' STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ,oid Dominion 20
Call loans 3%©4»£ Rubber 33%
Time loan 4 ©5 Union Pacific .. ' 57«4
Stocks— West End V. 93%
AT&SF .26% Bonds- *
AT& S F prefd... 71 Atchison 4s .. 100
American Sugar.. ..los^ Mining Shares—'
Am Sucar prefd.. .llo^ Adventure \\l
Bell Telephone ....320 Allouez Mln Co 2
; Boston £z Albany.. 243 Amalg Copper 93
: Boston Elevated... 145 Atlantic '25 1
Hoeton & Maine.. .l9o Boston Si Mont...' 311 :
Ch_o. Bur fi Q....127 Butte & Boston 74 1
Dominion Coal .... 45"i Calumet & Hecla. 755 1
Dom Coal prefd 116 iCentennlal 21 !
Federal Steel 41 iFranklin ....'.. .'.".'." 16 1
Fed Steel prefd 71% iHumboldt 75 «
Fltchburg prefd. ..l33 jOsceola 67V4 1
Gen Electric 118%! parrot "45 1
Gen Elec rrefd 136 iQulncy 135 t
Ed Elec lit 205 (Santa Fe Copper!" 7%
Mexican Central... 14^4 Tamarack .. . 190
I N E Gas & Coke... 19 iUtah Mining ...".' »v
Old Colony 207 (Wolverines 40%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 20.— Money on call easy
at 2g3 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime -
mercantile paper. 4H©5 per cent. Sterling ex
change strong, with actual business in bank- i
ers' bills at $4 88 for demand and at $4 S4U for i
sixty days; posted rate*. $4 84<4iS4 85 and J4 rku. i
6'UJ. Commercial bills. $4 83*04 U I Silver* '
certificates. 60H«j61V4c Bar silver. Dsic vix
lean dollars. 47% c. Bonds— Government wpbC- .
State, Inactive; railroad, firm. ' ,
Condition of the Trcasurv
WASHINGTON. April 20.— T0-day's state- '
ment of the treasury balance in the general 1
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 reserve fund <
In the division of redemption, shows- Avail '
able cash balance, $152,556,131; gold, $83,835,190 <
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 20.-The Commercial Ad- '
vertlser's London financial cablegram says- '
There was universal stagnation In the markets !
here to-_ay awaiting news from Lord Robert* !
Americans were busy at the opening for ten
minutes and then declined down until mut
ilate. New York gave half-hearted support
The close, however, was apathetic and droo D 
ing. Tintoe were flat at 68%. English be_?s
renewing their campaign and saying that N>_-
York was tired of upholding the stock. There !
war talk. too. of new discoveries of Conner
Paris gave no rapport, but the close wan ESSi'
The Bank of England bought £19.000 gold In '
German coin. There was talk of gold shfn '
menu from New York. Call money was less '
wanted. A moderate sum due the Bank of '
England was renewed and the bank did _ '
email discount business. «
CLOSING. '
Canadian Pacific. 93%: Union Pacific pre- '
lento. 77ii: Northern Pacific preferred. 7834- ] ,
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 So'.S
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New \ork Exchange, sight — lb
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69^
Mexican Dollars' 4S'i 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris continued to
decline. Chicago was dull and weak. In sym
pathy with foreign cables, large Argentine ship
ments and fine weather.
In the local market futures were oft again,
but the spot market was unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96Vic; milling,
37^c«J11.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
6000 ctls. $102»s; 26.000. $102%; 30,000, $102';.
Mai-— 4OOO, 94% c: 20.000, 94',ic
Second Session— December— l4,ooo ctls, $1 02>i;
10,000. $1 02%. May— 2o.ooo. 94^c
Regular Morning Session— December— 36,ooo
ctls, II 02%. May— Booo, 94»£c
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls.
$102%.
BARLEY— The feeling Is rather firm than
otherwise, though there Is no advance. Spec
ulation is dull.
¦ Feed, 73c for No. 1 and 67%®72Vic for off
trades; Brewing and Shipping grades, Bo*i>
Si^jc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Pecond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Continue dull and unchanged. Offer
ings are ample for all needs.
White. $1 lu<3l 30; Red. 93c©$l 17U; Gray.
$1 07UW1 IS: Plark. Jl6l 05.
• CORN — Receipts from the East are running
light again, and the market Is firm at the re
cent advance. Eastern White Is quoted at $1 U3
@1 07% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 13@
1 20 per ctl: mixed, $1 12V4@1 15 per ctl.
RYE— 93<g37Hc per ctl.
BCCKWtIKAT- Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40©3 50; Oregon
and Warhtngton, $2 2503 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 £0; Rice Floifr. $7: Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Graats. $4 60: Hominy. $3 25©3 50; Buck
wheat P'lour, $I©4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina. $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6<g7 23; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings have again advanced,
and are very firm, with light, stocks. There Is
no change in Hay, but dealers say that the crop
will not be as enormous as expected, owing to
dry weather, low prices and a number of other
causes. Still there are large supplies on hand.
BRAN— $l3@l4 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—JI7(g2O per ton,
REEDssTUKKJs— UuIIeu Barley, J15®17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26©27; Jobbing.
$¦27 Goffi"2S: Cocanut Cuke. $20821: Corn Meal.
$25; Cracked Corn, $23 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, »74tS lor common to good; $9 60
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
16 50®9; Oat, $6©S; Barley, $5©7; Alfalfa. $6$
STRAW— 23@SSc 'per bale.
Beans and Seeds..
There is nothing new to report, trade being
quiet.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 25; small White. J3 23©
3 50; large White. $3 20®3 25: Pink. $2 23©2 90;
Red. $3@3 60:. Blackeye, $4 60; nomi
nal; Lima, $5 25; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys.
*3 50@4. ,
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4V4@-»^c: Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3',4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa.. S@loc; Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp. 4®4kc;
Timothy. 4@4V4c.'
: DRIED PEAS— NJIes, $1 90®2 25; Green. $1 SO
02 25 per ctl. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Red Onions were rather steadier, under light
er receipts, and Australians were also quoted
firm and in demand.
'Receipts were 873 boxes Asparagus, 779 boxes
Rhubarb, 838 sacks Peas and 495 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65c; River Reds,
nominal : Burbanks, 40© 60 c per sack; Oregon
Burbankn. -60<f?85c: Sweet Potatoes, • for
Merced; New Potatoes, l@l^4c
ONIONS— New Red, $2 60@3; Old Yellow, $45?
6; Australian, $9@lo per ctl. t
VEGETABLES— Khubarb. 40c<3$l 25 ter box
Asparagus. 60c<ff$l * per box for No. 2 and
$i 25@1 60 for No. 1 and $1 75@2 for' fancy
large; Green Peas. 7Sc(gsl 25 per sack for com
mon and $1 50 for Garden: String Beans, 8@
12Vic for Los Angeles and 12H@14c for Vaca
vllle; Cabbage, 40*g50c; Tomatoes. 75c©$l 75;
__•« Plant from Los Anceles. 8S10C: , Dried
Charters.
Th« Gerrr.an steamer Mllos loafis Cour and
merchandise for Vladivostok.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Arril 20—6 -p. m.
The foliowlrg are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last eeason, ar.d rainfalls In last 14 hours:
Last 24 This Last
Ftatlcr.s— hours, season, seaeon.
Eurrka 0.62 47.98 32.13
Kfd Bluff 0.90 21.43 15. 37
Sacramento 0.90 17.30 13.91
San Francisco 0.11 18.10 15.38
Fresno 0.3S 7.73 6.76
Independence O.CO 2.78 1.16
Fan Luie Oi?'.sj>» 0.54 15.80 14.77
Los Angeles 0.02 6.70 4.79
J?_n Diego COO 3.38 4.58
Y;:m_ 0.00 0.79 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
U degree*; minimum, 47; mean. EL
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A degression of considerable depth overlies
Nevada and Eastern California. During the
I>aFt 14 hcurs the pressure has fallen .2 of an
inch along the Sierra*. The temperature has
fallen from 10 to 20 degrees on both sides of the
Pierras. Rain has fallen over nearly the entire
State of California. In the Sacramento and
tan Joaquln valleys the rainfall averages half
an inch.
Br.sk northerly winds may be expected Satur
day aJong the co_ st.
The following maximum wind velocities are
rrported: Eureka. 40 miles per hour, from the
north; Independence, 36 mllee* from the south
east.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 20, 1900: *
For Northern California — Clearing Saturday;
v.arir.er; brisk northerly wind?, high en the
coaet.
For Southern California— CloucJv, unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers during the
forenoon; southwesterly winds.
For Nevada— Showers; warmer Saturday.
For Utah— Showers; coder Saturday.
For Arizona— Showers Saturday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Clearing Sat
t;riay; warmer; brisk northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. April 20.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows" the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
April 19, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,111,102,788 .... 17.7
Boston 105.921,602 .... 12.8
Chicago 129.701.185 1.4
Philadelphia 90,650.325 .... 9-8
St. Louis 32.140.459 .... 2.2
Plttsburg 32,435,290 .... ••••
Baltimore 22,238,040 .... 22.5
San Francisco...... 19,626,240 ••••
Cincinnati 15,991.700 12.0
Kansas City 15.202,617 25.2
New Orleans 6,681,014 H-5
Minneapolis 9,039,507 19.9 ....
Detroit 8.406,144 15.4
Cleveland 10,116,999 15.0 ....
Louisville 8,276.297 11.6 ....
Providence 6,107,000 " 1-1
Milwaukee 5,300,770 7.7 ....
St. Paul 3,330.622
Buffalp 4,898.203 .~. ....
Omaha 6.287,937 61.4
Indianapolis 6,359,696 15. 6 ....
Columbus. 0 4,990,500 9:7 ....
Savannah 8,952,149 80.1 ....
Denver 3,872,810 42.9
Hartford 2.233.362
Richmond 3,490.322 1.1 ....
Memphis 2.590,078 63.4 ....
Washington .*. 2.810,492 4.1 ....
Peoria 1.551.935 6.7
Rochester 2.374 072 47.8
New Haten 1.343.04* .... 20.7
Worcester L 057.724 .... 31.4
Atlanta 2.329.55S 46.2
Salt Lake City 2,205,284 10.2
Springfield, Mass... 1.072,934 .... 32.4
Fort Worth 1.666.776 ....
Portland, Me 949 035 .... 36.4
Portland. Or 1,861,096 20.5 ....
St. Joseph 4,766.375 91.9
Los Angeles 2.441,630 40.3
Norfolk 1,940,439 63.0
Syracuse 1.230,832 19.5
Dcs Molnes 1.650.573 4.4 ....
Nashville 1.181.877 .... 5.4
Wilmington, De 1.... 1,076.968 13.6 ....
Fall River 723.043 .... ....
Scranton 1,193.957 28.8
Grand Rapids 1,243,609 ....
Augusta, Ga 753.797 20.S
Lowell 524,854 31.4
Dayton, 0 1.290.263 26.5 ....
Seattle 2.122.534 19.6
Tacoma 1.053.R45 57.3 ....
Spokane 1,151.798 12.1 ....
Sioux City 1,071,032 . 25.5 ....
New Bedford 468,004 .... ....
Knoxville, Term.... 465.276 .... 21.4
Topeka 739.127 15. S
Birmingham $02,601 55.9 ....
Wichita 591,162 25.l
; Blnghamton 447.40>> 4.9 ....
Lexington. Ky 429.574 21.5
Jacksonville, Fla... 231.126 17.8
Kalamazoo 427.155 .... 11.4
Akron % 473.500 8.9 ....
Chattanooga 425.858 33.3 ....
Rockford. 11l 324.121 21.8
Canton. 0 294,3iv>
Springfield. 0 259,921 . '. 143
Fargo. N. D 263.174 11.9 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D... 113.19S 2.7
Hastings. Neb 164. 351 %.5
Fremont, Neb 133,291 95.9 ;
Davenport 769.076 8 0
Toledo 1.735.312 6.7 ....
Galveston 5.020.000 1.1
Hourton 6.374.607 9*4
Evansville 1,027.195 27.8
Helena 571,074 12.8
Youngstown. 0 466.963 17 9
Macon 641.000 41.5
Springfield. HI 496,891
Little Rock 561.492 40.9 '.'. '
Saglnaw 369.14S 13.1
Totals. U S $1,725,867,526 .... i~5
Totals outside New
York 614,674,745 .... 1.1
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $12,343,246 .... 125
Toronto 7.856.944 .... 120
Winnipeg 1.543.406 .... 51
Halifax 1.14J5.504 .... 59
Hamilton 640.639 ...» 15 7
St. John. N. B 524.913 .... 13 1
Vancouver 744,673 6.8
Victoria 352.154 .... 3K5
Totals $25,184,809 .... nTg
_.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Sterling Exchange higher and very sirong. Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures lower. Barley rather firmer.
Other cereals as beferc quoted.
Bran and Middlings advanced. Hay the same.
Nothing nr.L' in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions about the. same.
Eggs shozv more steadiness. Butter and Chccse m unchanged.
Poultry firm at previous prices.
Fruits in sufficient supply. Limes lower.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meat market as before quoted.
Rice unchanged.
Local securities very dull.
Okra, 32%c'per lb; Garlic. 6@6c: Green Peppers
from Los Angeles. 12H®15c; Dried Peppers. B(tf
10c; Carrots. 25@35e per sack; Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash. $I@l 25 per box; Cucumbers. 30c9
$125 per dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $40 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Prices stand about the same all around. The
Poultry market is firm under moderate sup
plies.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gob
blers and 13014 c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 75472; Goslings, $2 25<g2 50; Ducks. $4 50(g5 50
for old and $6@7 50 for young; Hens, $4 50@6;
Young Roosters, $6 50<g7; Old Roosters, $4®4 50;
Fryers. $5 sd@6: Broilers, $4@3 for large and
$2 Go(?i'3 50 for small ;• Pigeons, $1 73<g2 per dozen
for old and $1 7502 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $I@l 25: Rabbits. $1 25@1 50:
Gray Geese. $2@2 50; White. 50c; Brant. $1 23©
1 50; English Snipe. $2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are showing more steadiness, and some
dealers are trying to get better prices. But-
ter and Cheese are as before quoted, supplies
of both being ample forf all needs.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, >16
@16V»c.
Dairy— Fancy, 13V4c; good to choice. 14U'515c;
CHEESE— New, 7'/±i3Sc; Youns America, SU
SHe; Eastern, 16@17c: Western, 15j£16c per lb.
EGCS— Quoted at 14®14>*c for store and 14'^S
15>ic per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fmits.
Receipts cf Cherries continue to Increase, and
prices continue to decline.
Strawberries came in very late In the fore
noon, and prices had to drop in consequence.
Early arrivals of small berries brought as high
as $12, but the late receipts went at the quota
tions below, and some were carried over.
Oranges are slowly piling up again, and
prices are weakening In consequence. Lemons
are steady.' but Limes are lower.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy N'avela. $2 13@2 40; choice do,
$140@2 05: standard, Soc<Qsl 65.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 7Sc®S2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@6 per chest for large
and tS@lO for small berries. Receipts wer<?
168 chests. Blackberries from the south. < .
CHERRIES— SI 60©2 60 per box. Receipts were
120 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 25@3
per box; Seedlings, 73c@$l 73; Lemons. $I®l ifi
for common and $2if2 t0 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, $4©4 50: Bananas, $1 2ZQ2 30
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 5005 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, A r uts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4^e for
40-50'g. 4e for 50-60*», 3tt£3%c for 60-70's. 3li®
3Hc for 70-SO's. 333\ic for 80-90's and 2%c for 90
lCO's; Apricots, ll®l2^c for Royals, 124®15c
for Moorparks and 12S13^c for Blenheims;
Peaches. sH<9<>c for Standards. 6^@6\c for
choice and 7®Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples. 637 c; Sun-dried, 6@
5%c per lb; Nectarines. B©3c; Pears. 3H»4«4e
for dark artd 7@Sc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2@2^c; White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, B@9c; unbleached Plums. 7S7Hc for
pitted and l%c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, BHc; choice. 7%e; standard, «He;
prime. sc: unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. s'^c;
3-crown, 6',ic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
price? are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. •
NUTS— Walnuts. B®9c for standards and
S&lOc for softshells; Almonds. 114@12c for
paper shell. 9®lCc for soft and 4JISc for hard
shell: Peanuts. s*ig6%c for Eastern and 6c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7H'3*c; Filberts.
n^lZHc: Pecans. 11313 c; Cocoanuts. $4 50-S5.
HONEY— Comb. HV4®l2c for bright and 10HQ
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7»ic: light amber extracted. 7Vi@7 l iQ; dark,
5%@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Strong prices continue to rule, and the de
mand is eood.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy.
lie for light medium. 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14^c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13H@14c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra Prim*
Pork, $14 SOSIS: extra clear. $19; Mess. $1« 50-
Smoked Beef, 12H©13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 728 c per lb for
compound and BH<39c for pure; half-barrels
pure. 9><ic: 10-Ib tins, 9»ic: 5-Ib tins 10Hc
COTTOLENE— Tierces, B*4®SHc per lb;'l0-lb
tins, 9Vic.
Hides, Tallo-v, Wool and Hops.
There Is nothing new under this head. Wool
and Hjps continue dull, while Hides are steady
and In very good demand.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIa and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
KK3llc; medium. 9'4c; light. 9tl9Hc: Cowhides'
S'&9^o; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9«9u,e: Calf. 10c-
Dry Hides, sound. lS<3l9c: culls and brands.
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, lC017c: Dry Calf 19®
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 13@30c each; short
Wool. 3."gCoc each: medium. 70-fiJMV; long Wool
*!©1 23 each: Horse Hides. $2 2303 for large
and $1 2o!@l 73 for small; Colts. 25<@30c Deer
Skin?— Summer or red skins. 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 33c; winter or thin skins. 20c Goat
Skins— Prim- Angoras, 73c; large and smooth
60c: meiilum, 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5©54 c per lb- No
!. 4g4V/c; refined. 6Uc: grease. 2H@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows-
Northern free. 16@18c; Northern defective Uffl
16c; Middle County, free. 15@17c: Middle
County, defective. Ugisc: Southern Mountain
J2 months'. 12514 c; do. free. 7 months', 12gl5c'
do. defective, 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20@23c: Nevada, 16S1SC per lb
HOPS— 6%@10c per lb. . -
San Francisco Meat Market.
No further fluctuation In anything Is re
ported.
BEEF— 636*4O per lb for fair to choice.
VEAl— 64@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7% c; ewes, 6V4®7c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. B©9c per lb. -V-V
PORK— Live Hogs. 674g6He6 7 4g6He f or small and
medium and W@s*ic for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 6V4554c; dressed Hogs, 7©S^4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6H@6Hc: Wool Bags. 2S^#32Hc;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL — Wellington. IS per ton; new Welling
ton. IS; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle
$6 60: Bryant. $6 50: Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend. $i:
Co-operative Wallsend. $S; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14: Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $13
per 'on In bulk and $17 in sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Sprlnp«. $.< 43 per 2COO lbs.
RlCE— China mixed. $4 03(t?5 10; China No. 1,
$4 25W4 70: extra do, $3(53 30: Hawaiian, $3<gj 25-
Japan. $4 731?5; Louisiana, $4 Co@7.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kefln!n_ Com
pany quotes per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c; Powdered.
6.60 c; Candy Granulated. 5.20 c: Dry Granulated.
5.10 c: Confectioners' A. 6.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 -
Extra C. 4.60 c: Golden C. 4.50 c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.. 60c more;
fiO-lb bites. 10c more. No orders taken for leas
than 73 barrels or its equivalent. Domtnos
half-barrels. 6.85 c; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
V FOR FRIDAY. APRIL 20.
"•lour, qr sks.... 2.440
Flarley, ctls 2.580
Corn, ctls 500
Cheese, ctls 1?3
Butter, ctls f>2S
Tallow, ctls 223
Beans, sks 215
Potatoes, sks .... .710
Onions, sks 133
Middlings, sks .. 300
Sugar, sks 23S
Hay. tons 333
Straw, tons 5
Hops, bales 20
Wool, bales 93
Wine, gals ...... 17 200
Eggs, doz 27510
Quicksilver, flsks 16
Leather, rolls . 73
Hides. No 214
Pelts, bndls 343
OREGON,
Flour, qr sks — 11.1641 Potatoes, sks .... • 9i<»
Oats, ctls 4SO| - 3 "
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls Slo|
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. April to-mor
row will say: More rather than less Irregular
ity In the trade and 'price situation is to be
noted this week, partly the result of weather
conditions, but partly, as In the case of the "on
and steel trade, because of the continuance of
those efforts In the direction of lower prices
which have been such a feature of the Iron
and stepl trade of late. That the basic condi
tions of trade remain on the whole favorable
Is, however, evidenced by a number of features
Railroad earnings continue hea\-y, and the de
crease noted in bank clearings Is chargeable
largely to religious and other holiday observa
tions and to restricted stock speculation Heavy
rains and cool weather early in the week had a
depressing effect on trade and collections but
with the advent of a warm spring temperature
changed conditions of retail demand which is
at present a most Important element In the gen
eral trade situation, have been noted
The bear campaign In iron and steel took on
a new phase this week, when a number of wire
mills were _hut down. 5 as alleged, because of
an oversupply of these goods.' The announce
ment has had an unsettling- effect upon gen
eral demand, as was, probably expected and
new domestic business is Interfered with ' The
strength of the export demand previously' noted
In these columns, however,' Is still a feature
and we have the best of reasons for bellevlni
that a very large quantity of Southern Iron
variously estimated at 20,000 to 30.000 tons waJ
sold this week to go abroad at nearly or about
full prices. Price changes are • mostly alonjr
lines heretofore noted, though some sympathetic
weakening of plglron is reported: Wire prices
apparently are. unchanged. Steel - billets are
weak at the decline reported last week, and bar
steel and plates are also lower. The other met
als have shown a - reactionary tone this week
end anthracite coal remains seasonably weak
but talk of Impending labor troubles has hardl
ened bituminous coal at most markets.-:
It has been a weather market for. the cereals
And most agricultural products, these advancing
Poultry --_ Game —
Hens, each 6^Bo
Young Boosters,
each 73-S3O
Old Roosters, ea..i~^7s
Fryers, each 65@7T>
Broilers, each 50@60
Turkeys, per 1b...i54?20
Ducks, each &JC@sl
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per 1b.. 15^20
Apples Z'lt S
Bananas, dozen. ..lo<ai.>
Cherries, per 1b...20©40
Dranges. dozen 10^35
Lemons, dozen 10£20
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0z... 30^60
Asparagus, per lb. 4&l>>
Beets, dozen 12&15
Beans, white, lb.. s#—
Colored, per lb.. i® t\
Lima, per 1b....— f ii 81
Cabbage, each S^IO,
Cauliflowers, each t-IHO,
Celery, buncb s®— j
Cress, doz b*ichs.. 2O-S3s'
Cucumbers, per dz.sl@2j
Egg Plant. lb 12SC0
Green Peas, lb Z'j, 5
Lentils, per 1b.... &S 8|
Lettuce, per d0z. .153— '
Fish-
Barracuda 20^ — I
Carp UfclS
Codfish — _13
Flounders l-^ — '
Halibut COJp— j
KingHsh — '«15|
Mackerel —9—9 —
Do. Horse — & —
Perch 15-S2O,
Pompano — "3 —
Rockflsh 13®—;
Salmon, fresh 153*29,
Do. smoked — 020 1
Shrimps — <3— I
Geese, each...sl 2332 50
Pigeons, pair 40gjf)
Rabbits, pair 4tXy:.V)
Hare, each — <@2)
Wild Geese, palr..4»at>o
Enelish Snlp».
I per dozen.... S3 VXQ 3 23
I Jack Snipe.... 1 75®2 00
! Limes, per dozen.lOftl*
I Raisins, per lb i'u\>i
Strawberries, per
drawer 35©75
¦ Walnuts, per 1b...— 4f1i
Onions, per 1b.... 33 5
Okra. dry. per lb.— ft-'O
Peppers, green. lb.2og_s
Potatoes, per lb.. 3'g 5
Sweet Potatoes 4g 5
Parsnips, per doz.ls#
Rhubarb, per lb.. \'s «
Radishes, dz bchs.lo3l2
Sage, d^z bnch«..?r.<S"i : ;
String Beans. 1b..15£20
Summer Squasn,
per pound tQX'i
Thyme, per lb 2"^3>
Turnips, per doz..livs?l"
Tomatoes, per Ib.IOIJIS
Shad 12513
Sea Bass — <f? —
Smelts 15&20
Soles i;£_
Skates, each lCKflj
Tomcod v>fft
Clams, gallon 50itt—
Do hardshell. 100. 1'Vg.-jj
Crabs, each irK?l.>
Do sottshell. dz. 23^33
Mussels, quart.... VYH \z
Oysters, Cal. 100..40350
Do Eastern, doz.2nlr.in
Atchison, 27%; Grand Trunk. Si; Anaconda,
10V4; Rands, 36H- Bar silver, quiet. 27% d.
* . *
Bank Clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
early this week, but weakening toward the
close. The strength of pork products and the
Email movements has stimulated corn, ana
there is less weakness in this than in the other
cereals. Stormy weather and flooded water
courses at the South have checked or retardea
cotton planting, but this feature and the stat
istical strength of the market have not been
sufficient to produce any outside bull move
ment. ¦•..•.•¦¦¦<
Wool Is weak, but' there is rather more in
quiry, and now, i as one year ago. relatively
highest prices rule at points of production.
¦ Backward ' weather conditions have affected
the lumber trade demand, but in this as in a
number of other lines, the advanced prices de
manded are credited with checking business.
The pressure of heavy supplies Is responsible
for the slight weakening shown in the price of
raw sugar this week, while the refined market
remains unchanged. Weather Influences are
again reflected In the market for dairy prod
ucts, which have weakened under large re
ceipts. .
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregated 3,898,451 bushels, against
2.896^653 bushels last week, 2,932.959 bushels In
the corresponding week of 1899. 3.232,106 bushels
Jn IS9B, 1,654.668 bushels In 1897 and 1,286,490
Since July 1. this season, the exports of wheat
aggregate 157,804.547 bushels, against, 193.262,119
bushels, last year and 191,503,636 bushels in
1K97-98.
Business failures In the* United States for the
week number 161, against 152 last week. 187 In
this week a year ago, 224 In 1898, 216 In 1897 and
240 in 1896. .
Failures in Canada for the week number 13. as
compared with S5 last week, 30 in this week a
year ago, 15 In 1898, 22 In 1897 and 37 in 1896.
*:—:: — : • — *
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK. April 20.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Formal reduction of $5 per ton In prices of
plates and ! bars and closing of mills by the
American Steel and Wire Company have filled
the week with surprises. In the stock market
and In the market for steel and iron products
changes have begun and the end cannot well
be foreseen. Apart from the disturbance in
speculation there has been produced a measure
of distrust regarding prices that are main
tained by the great combinations which may
for the present tend to deter buying. In the
iron business the formal reductions were almost
wholly anticipated in actual sales. Some urgent
and Important contracts have been made. In
cluding that for the New York . tunnel, re
quiring 70.C00 tons at prices not stated, but It
is known that many others have been deferred
until the prospect is clearer.
There Is a slightly better demand for hides
at Chicago, attributed to their Improving con
dition, but the distribution of boots and shoes
does not keep all the factories at work. Some
are closed, many more are running part time,
and very few of those in operation have orders
for a single month. There is no room for
doubt that greatly restricted buying has been
caused by the high prices asked, which the
makers declare unavoidable until prices of
leather yield. The shipments from Boston In
three weeks have been 31.152 cases, or 11.6
per cent smaller than last year and a little
less than in 1898. Yet a large business Is
claimed In leather, which is still held without
yielding and satin Is quoted half a cent higher.
The textile Industries have large orders yet
to be filled, which keep many of the mills
busy, but there are many others less fortunate
and their hunt for orders without much regard
for prices causes irregularity In the lines not
of established position. The staple woolen and
worsted goods hold steady as the makers need
no more contracts, but In less favored, lines,
both for men's wear and In dress goods, the
business is by no means satisfactory- Wool
has been without change In prices. Cotton
goods are by some sold at concessions for
future delivery, as -11 realize that present
prices will not long control cost of production.
Wheat has declined a fraction In price and
corn advanced a fraction, both markets being
rendered comparatively inactive by certainty
that the remaining foreign requirements will
be easily met. Atlantic exports In three weeks,
flour Included, have been 5.976,800 bushels,
against 5,612,744 last year, and Pacific exports
2,347,927 bushels, against 1.152,063 last year.
Failures for the week were IS4 In the United
States against 184 last year, and 17 In Canada,
against 22 last year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
weak; No. 3 spring wheat. 62@64e; No. 2 red.
68>,Sc; No. 2 corn. 3S%c: No. 2 oats, 24%@25c:
No. 2 white. 27@27%c: No. 3 white, 25%®27V»c:
No. 2 rye, 55c: No. 2 barley, 42@45c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 73; prime timothy seed. $2 40<g2 45;
mess pork, per barrel, $11 90® 12 95: lard, per
100 pounds, $7^7 15; short ribs sides (loose).
$7@7 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $6 75@7;
short clear sides (boxed). $7 55@7 65; whis»ky,
distillers', finished goods, per gallon, $1 25V4:
sugars,- cut loaf, 6c; granulated. 5.44 c.
AUCTION SALES
£* SECOND AUCTION SALE OF fe
73 DRAUGHT, CARRIAGE AND DRIVTVa
HORSES. "~^
Suitable for trucks, delivery wagons carriarM
and buggies. Some excellent saddle horsea <n
the bunch, also several fast pacers by •• a v
TARE" and "ALBENTON."
All young, well broken and In splendid cri
dition. Consigned from the stock farm of "V
H. Mulholland of Tulare. Cal.
As in our previous eale we will offer nothln-
but the best. No worn-out culls, or se^ncT
hand animals among the lot. Positiv»!y *,"
reserve. "
Public Invited to Inspect them now ct the
salesyard.
Special attention Is called to the Tv
HEAVY TRUCK HORSES, weighing frcsfEOO
to ISCO pounds.
Sale takes place In the evening. MONDAY
APRIL 23. 1900. at 8 o'clock. Sale pavlll-ri
lighted by electricity.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.
W. G. LAYXG. Auctioneer.
JTx-^ __r-N _?!~^
59 HEAD DRAUGHT, DRIVING,
BUSINESS and SADDLE HORSES
from Clark & Co.'s XL Ranch.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
1732 Market st. Successors to Kllllp & Co.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 14@17%c; dairy.
12H®15 1 /fc. Cheese, firm, 12@13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, lO^c
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 Bft 5 S%
Closing 5 3 ' 5 Bft
PARIS.
Wheat— May. ¦ Sept. -Dec.
Opening .20 25 21 75
Closing 20 20 21 75
Flour-
Opening 26 80 23 50
Closing 26 75 28 45
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500; generally about steady; natives, good to
prime steers. $4 90@5 80; po"or to medium, $4 10®
4 75; selected feeders. $4@4 S5; mixed stockers.
$3 30@3 75: cows, $3® 4 60; heifers, S3 25@4 85;
canners. $2 25@2 80; bulls, $2 80@4 30; calves,
$4 60@6 60; Texans, fed steers, $4§5 20; Texas
bulls. $3 25®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18.000; to-morrow,
la, 000; left over, 3000; average, steady; top
prices, $5 75: mixed and butchers. $5 45®3 55;
good to choice heavy. $5 60@5 75; rough heavy.
$5 45<8'5 65; light, $5 40@5 65; bulk of sales, S5 65
@5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000; sheep about steady;
lambs, weak, 10c lower; good to choice wethers,
S5 75^6 25; fair to choice mixed. $S@s 75: West
ern sheep, $5 50@6 25; yearlings. $5 So@6 £0:
native lambs, $5 50@7 30; Western lambs, $6®
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 20.— Clearings. $258,
943; balances, $45,743.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 20.— Most of the wheat
buyers were indifferent to-day about
quoting over 53c for Walla Walla, but occa
sionally quotations of 64c were heard. For
! valley, 63c is about the best figure offered,
and blue stem Is easy at 66@57c. A reduction
of 5c per barrel has been made In a few brands
of valley flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 20.— WHEAT— Little doing
and prices show no change. Blue stem. 56c;
club, 64c.
_______
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 20.— Consols, 101%. Silver,
27% d. French Rentes. lOlf 7%c«?101f I2i£c Car
goes on passage, rather easier. 3d lower: car
goes Walla Walla, 2Ss 9d; cargoes Oregon, 30s
6d: English country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL— -WHEAT— Quiet: No. 1 Stand
ard California, 6s 4Vid@6s sd; wheat in Paris,
weak: flour in Paris, weak; French country
markets, easy.
COTTON— Uplands 5 15-22 d.
CLOSING.
CORN — Spot American mixed, new, steady,
¦4s IVid: futures, quiet: May. 4s %d; July, 3s
ll*4d: September, 3s HV-d.
WHEAT— No. 1 California, 6s 4V.d<R6s sd:
No. 1 spring, northern, dull, 5s ltt*d; futures,
quiet; April, nominal; May, 6s 3d; July, 5s
SVid.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, April 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,033; exports. 19,692; market very quiet at old
prices. Spring patents continued weak, but
not quotable lower than yesterday.
WHEAT— Receipts, 14,800 bushels; exports,
44.556 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 79Hc f. o.
b. afloat sr>ot; No. 2 red, 76^e elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 75% c f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 7"He f. o. b. afloat prompt;
Options experienced one of the dullest sessions
this week. Foreign houses traded both ways,
but outside interest was lacking, and even
scalpers withdrew. Heavy Argentine shipments,
perfect crop conditions and lower cables
prompted the heaviness of the day. Prices
tlnally rallied with Corn and closed steady, at
%O%C net decline. May 72 7-16®72 11-16 C. closed
72*ic; July 72 9-16(g72T4c. closed 72*ic; September
72 7 fc«73Hc closed 73c - -
HOPS-Steady. '-
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio barely steady; No. 7 In
voice, Sc; No. 7 Jobbing. BHc. Mild, quiet; Cor
dova, 9>»©l4e. Futures closed steady at a net
decline of 15 to 20 points. Total sales,' 27,500
bags. Including: May. $6 75@6 £0; July, $>"> 7a@
6 &5; August. $6 SO; September, $6 85@6 93; Octo
ber, $fi 90<g>$6 95; November, |7; December, $7 10®
7 25; January, $7 25.
SUGAR— Raw and Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Recelpst. 2444 packages; market
steady. Creamery, Western, 15V4&1SC; factory,
13@15c. ¦ -
EGGS — Receipts. 10.932 packages; market
steady for storage; Western at mark, 12«ifgl3c;
regular packing, 12U@12Hc at mark; Southern
at mark, 11612'ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for Evaporated Apples was mod
erately active to-day. Sellers were conspicuous
by their absence. This influence, together with
light receipts and favorable country advices,
served to give a firm undertone to the market
Prices remained unchanged at last quotation.
California Dried Fruits were dull and nom
inally unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common
4Hi§sc; prime. s%®«c; choice. 7®7%c; fancy, 7$
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@7c
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@15c; Moorpark, 15©lfcc
PEACHES— PeeIed. 18@22c; unpeeled, 7yi<§9c!
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 20.— There was nothing
In the way of new features of Importance in
the metal market to-day. All of the Iron mar
kets continue weak and unsettled; pig iron
warrants closed at $15@16 h«re. Northern No 1
foundry was quoted at $21@'23. nominal. Lake
copper ruled dull and unchanged at Jl7. Tin
while Interest was a shade easier, closed quiet
at $30 75(531. Lead continues dull and ' un
changed on the basis of (4 67ft bid and $4 72»4
asked. Spelter was easy and a partial 2V4
points off in the absence of buyers, clo«lng
easy at $4 7Q©4 75. Che brokers' price for lead
ia $4 45 and for copper $17 25.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. April 20.— Wheat traders climbed
Into the pit at the opening of the session .with
their views concerning the value of wheat
lowered from Uc to %c. This was due to the
fact that Argentine last week shipped 3,750,000
bushels, that cables were lower and the
weather conditions remained the fast friend of
the crop. Having given this exhibition of be
ing awake tho speculative trade proceeded to
slumber. Nearly the whfcle session the fluctua
tions were very narrow, j The cash business
was fair — 15,000 bushels here for direct export
New York put the export demand at thirty
loads and Philadelphia reported thirty-five
loads. This had a steadying Influence which
held to the end. The spread between May and
July widened to lVfec. There was considerable
changing. The crowd sold May and took July
while the elevators in a moderate way re
versed the action. May opened USHc lower
at 65V4&C5Vic to 65e, advanced to . 6S\i@6s%ic
and closed VtC down at 65\4c. July began the
session %c lower at 66%<g66%c to 66% c, touched
66% c and closed a shade down at 66% c.
The corn market largely belonged to the
scalpers. Trade wa» quiet and narrow. The
opening was from >4c to He under yesterday.
May closed He down, July H®'ic depressed.
The provision market was weak and lower,
affected by weaker hogs, the lower grain mar
ket and liquidation. Outside selling- was a
feature. May pork closed 10c down; July
closed 15c lower; May lard 12Hc depressed;
July, 12%@1&c lower; May ribs, 10@W&c down;
July, 10@12%c reduced. '
Oats were weak, a matter of sympathy with
corn and wheat. Trade was augmented some
what by the decline, but not- sufficiently to
create anything like excitement. -May closed
%c lower. July closed a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
10
CL.ES.
Open.
High. |
Low.,
Close.
Wheat No. 3—
April
May
July
September .....'.
Corn No. 2— -
April .'.
May
July :
September
Oats No. 2—
May ...................
July
September :....
Mess Pork, bbl—
May
July
Lard, 100 lbs— "
May ............:.....'.
July ...................
September
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
May
July
September ............
65%
66%
67%
38%
- 39%
33%
. 23%
3 23% !
22%
65«4
67%
38%
39%
- *0%
23%
23%
22y«
63
6G4£
67U
3S"
39
- 39%
" 22%
2274
22
65
65H
66%
67^
. 37%
35%
35%
40 ,
23
23%
2214
12 90 !
13 10
12 90
13 10
12 82^
12 87Vi
12 90
13 00
7 17%
7 27%
7 32%
7 17%
7 27%
7 32%
7 07%
7 15
7 22%
7 10
7 20.
7 23
7 07%
7 10 •
7 07%
7 07%
7 12V4
7 10 «
7 05
7 02%
7 00
705
7 05
7 024
Cash auotatlom were
' as
follows:
Flour.
CL.ES.
Open.
High. |
Low.,
Close.
Wheat No. 3—
April
May
July
September .....'.
Corn No. 2— -
April .'.
May
July :
September
Oats No. 2—
May ...................
July
September :....
Mess Pork, bbl—
May
July
Lard, 100 lbs— "
May ............:.....'.
July ...................
September
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
May
July
September ............
65%
66%
67%
38%
- 39%
33%
. 23%
3 23% !
22%
65«4
67%
38%
39%
- *0%
23%
23%
22y«
63
6G4£
67U
3S"
39
- 39%
" 22%
2274
22
65
65H
66%
67^
. 37%
35%
35%
40 ,
23
23%
2214
12 90 !
13 10
12 90
13 10
12 82^
12 87Vi
12 90
13 00
7 17%
7 27%
7 32%
7 17%
7 27%
7 32%
7 07%
7 15
7 22%
7 10
7 20.
7 23
7 07%
7 10 •
7 07%
7 07%
7 12V4
7 10 «
7 05
7 02%
7 00
705
7 05
7 024
Cash auotatlom were
' as
follows:
Flour.
ARTICX.ES.
(Receipts. I Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels
Wheat, bushels
Corn, bushels ...;...
Oats, bushels
Rye. bushels '.,
Barley, bushels ...".
13,000
65.000
207.000
202,00")
13.000
34,000
23.000
38,000
980,000
637,000
2.000
66,000BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montieollo."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m. ; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:80 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office; Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. :. Telephone Main 1&0 S.
FARE .•:..........—.;..-..."-... Jflc
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— A trnnis
tournament for the Northern Cali
fornia championship will be held at
thi? Sacramento lawn tennis courts
on May 2 and Z. The events will he
doubles for prizes. ;srst ar.d s*»cond. with
a trophy, the Noaok loving cup. for the
club winner of the tournament. The con
tt^tnnxf will be as follows:
oJo^t>-nen— Two oluhs frotn Woodland,
two rliibs from Stockton, two clubs from
Grass Valley, two dubs from Penryn, one
club from Wheat'.ard. two clubs from Au-
Vurn. two cluhs from Sacramento.
Ladies— Two clubs from Woodland, one
club from Stockton, two clubs from Sac
ramento.
DICOVERED THE "PLANT"
OF BURGLAR DEERING
Officers Becover Jewelry and Other
Valuabl?s He Is Accused
of Stealing.
r><?te-ct!ves Dinan and Wren yesterday
nftwnoon searched Burglar Deorinp's
room on L*»avenworth street and found
the Jewelry stolen from the residence of
Mrs. Rose Ivowe at — £ Stockton street.
It was hidden ur.'ler a board in the floor,
along with a lady's cold watch and a gold
ring, inside of which was Inscribed a
h«»art. • On the outer case of the watch
was the picture of a church. The detoc
tives also found a complete kit of bur-
Rlars* tools.
MISS SALVE BEAUMOiNT.
(From a Photograph by Varney, Sacramento.)
Thf tr-nnis courts adjoin the new pavil
ion and afford splendid grounds for the
sport. Grt-at interest is taken In the ap
proaching tournament, and a reception
held by the Sacramento Tennis Club at
the parlors of the Golden Eagle Hotel
this week was one of the most pleasant
social events of the season. A number
of well-known young women presided over
the refreshment tables and several happy
hours were passed. At this reception a
vote was taken for "Queen of Courts." to
preside over the serial features of the
tournament, and Miss Salye Beaumont of
this city was fleeted by a flattering vote.
Miss Beaumont is an enthusiastic tennis
player.
The percentage of recoveries in the Mil-
waukee Hospital tor the Insane lpst year
was 23_-agg»gi
The Weekly CalL
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Emma Hapgood Commissioned Post-
mistress of Marysville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 20.— Pensions
have been granted as follows: California:
Original— Herman B. Worcester, San
Jose, $6; John H. Campbell, Los Angeles.
$8; Benjamin Williams. Black Diamond,
$6. Increase— Charles B. Finch, Eureka,
$8 to $10; William W. Painter, San Jose.
$8 to $12. Reissue and Increase— Henry H.
Williams, San Diego, $g to $12.. Original
widows, special accrued April 7— Delilah
McKlnsey, Soledad, $8; Millie Sarah Lewis,
Santa Monica. SS. War with Spain—Orig
inal—Arthur C. Robinson, Golden Gate, $8.
Oregon: Francis Dory, Fox, $6 to 8.
Original widow, etc., special accrued April
7 — Laura A. Savahe, Salem, $S. '
Washington: War with Spain, widow,'
special April 7— Elizabeth W. Eldridge,
Vancouver, $20.
" Emma Hapgood has been commissioned
Postmistress at Marys vllle, Cal. '
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Manning Jury Disagrees.
The second trial of Cornelius Manning,
charged with murder. In Judge Lawlor's
court, resulted in a disagreement of the
jury late last night. ¦ Manning threw a
lighted lamp at Mary Kennedy on July 4
last, causing injuries which resulted In the
woman's death a few days later. The
Jury, It Is said, stood ten to two for con
viction.
Australasia is the largest producer of
wool. ¦
over to the widow. To-night all the
parties signed a release and the proceed
ing will be dismissed in court to-morrow
morning.
Kellenberger had for some time been
paying his wife an allowance ordered bj
the court, although there was no dlvorcu.
Mrs. David refused to be Interviewed, al
though It Is said that she and James Kel
lenfcerger say they were merely following
out the expressed wishes of the dead con
ductor. i
Charged With Assault.
REDDING, April 20.— The three men
who attempted last night to drag Mrs.
Isaac McCandllsa from a buggy have been
captured. They plead Ignorance of the
assault. Their names are given as M. L.
Haas, Bernardo Foxen and Frank Carroll.
The assault was a peculiar one. Mr. and
Mrs. McCandliss were returning from
Keswick when. Just outside the city lim
its the .three men who have been identi
fied by McCandliss Jumped from the side
of the road and with vile oaths attempted
to drag Mrs. McCandliss from the buggy.
The attack was so sudden they nearly
succeeded before Mr. McCandliss could
whip the horses past them. Driving rap
idly to Redding he procured a gun and
started back after them. Had he found
them, instead of the officers rounding up
the tough trio, bloodshed would undoubt
edly have resulted.
Death of Alexander Calder.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 20.— Alexander
Calder, the first partner of Alexander
McDonald, the Klondike King, died at
Selkirk. Alaska, March 29. His wife will
bring his remains to tht.s city for Inter
ment. He was 45 years old, born In Nova
Scotia and was one of the richest men in
the Klondike. .;•
BRONZE FIGURES FOR PRIZES IN THE BIG SCHOOL CARNIVAL
Phelan. Raphael WelH and Superintendent
R. JI. Webster. The Mayor's trophy, a
bronze bust of Washington, will be given
to the winning team in a baseball game
to be played by nines from the eighth and
ninth grades of the grammar schools. The
Welll trophy, a bronze football player,
will be awarded in' a football contest. The
Superintendent's gift, a bronze -figure en
titled "Patriotism," has been set aside for
the High School teams In a tug of war. -
At present a tournament is being held
among the classes in the grammar t and
high schools to select the teams for the
! final contest.
IT has been decided to hold an athletic
carnival in which the school children of
;thls city will participate at Recreation
'Park about May 21. All manner of
sports will be on the programme and mag
nificent trophies have been appropriated
for the winners of the several contests
proponed.
Three handsome bronze figures which
were to have been awarded to the success
ful contestants, which were orlprinallypart
of the programme for the Mayday Teach
ers' Benefit, will be given as prizes at the
carnival. They are the gifts of Mayor j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION,
In ipfflrSinrt with t»ie dlrtx-tirr.s of the HE-
FCBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated repr*fen atlves cf :he Republican
Party frera the several Statei assemble In Na-
tional Convention in the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the l>th
day of June. A. D. 1900. at II o'clock noon.
'cr the purpose of nominating candidates for
the oiflce of President and Vice PresiOent of
the United Pt2t*-s. and fcr *uc-h ether business
at may be brought before raid ecr. venticn : and
in accordance with the Instructions gi\-en by
*ald National Committee, directing that the
Ccnrreeelrnal District ielesraten shall be chosen
at a convention rall«d by the Congressional
Committee cf each eaiJ district, in the same
s-.anner as the nomination of a Represectative
In Co&greu is made in «aid diitrict: therefore,
be It
Resolved. By the REPTTiLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA.
representing the Republican Party of catd
h'tate. that tt>- ' 'ngresilonal Committees of
the several Co: *^* .cnai L>l«tricts of the State
cf California ar< t.ertby advised and requested
to call Ccngr«fcict.al Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held a> hereinafter
jr- \.i-a. at which two de:?cates shall be
chosen to represent each cf »uch districts In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held «* aforesaid, and for the
•election cf two alternate de'.ecates. to act In
case cf the abr»nce of the delegates first chosen.
The eelectlon of the delrrates of the Con-
Frresitonat Ccnvntlcn shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
tflEtrtct. in accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the basts cf representation
to aa'.d Cor.grcteicnal Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: Ose delesate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where any AFsembly District
embraces more than one county, there shall be
one delegate for each county and fractional
part cf a county In cuch Assembly District,
end one delegate for each tuO vctes cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor in >: v and cne delegate fcr each frac-
tion of I'ti vet*« or ov.?r.
It !» further directed that the delerates
rhc#en to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet :n Stat* Convention at th* city of Sacra-
mento, en TUEEDAT. the 15th d»y of May.
j*oo. at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four drlerate*-
• t-large to the NATIONAL, REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, ani four al-
ternate de>c*tet. to act in case the delegates
relected b* sbs?nt. for the election of a State
Central C< remittee, and for the transaction of
rueh further bu»in«r* as may be brought b«-
Jore the Rail Ftate Convention.
It »• further directed that where primary
»!ectlon« are he!d the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principles and In-
<]or*e the Republican policy and the admin-
Iteration of President McK'.nley, and intend
to euFPcrt the nominees cf the Republican
Party at the enrulr.g election."
It 1s further directed that contests must be
fled with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing, with a full statement
cf the rrounds cf the ccnte«t. five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State conventlca.
All rr.stters relating to tuch contest before the
r<-r.er**slcna! Committee, with ea!d Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before coon of tb« 14th
Sv cf May. 1900.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at Ban Francisco. April
I\ ISOO. w " E. C. HART. Secretary.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
Ir. Oporntl-vi Dally. «5 Sixth Ptr~t.
BYRON JACKSON.
REPRESENTING
HIMSELF US
CALL'S EDITOR
C. B. Porter Engaged in
Swindling People of
Minneapolis.
Offers Positions, Secures Money From
Hotel Man and Obtains Hail
road Transportation on
Call's Account.
MINNEAPOLIS, April 20.— Claiming to
be editor In chief of the San Francisco
Call, C. B. Portfr, v.ho hus been proven
one of the rankost kind of impostors, has
been \icltimlzing Minneapolis people for
the past wr*ek. He first registered at the
Vendome Hotel and announced that he
was connected with The Call. To several
I>eople he said he was the proprietor and
to others he was editor in chief and also
city editor. He met a reporter for the
Minneapolis Tribune and offered him a
retiponsible position at $50 per week, but
the offer was a fraud on Its face. At the
Hotel Hyser the same man registered as
C. P. Smith, and representing himself aa
a member of Golden Gate Commandery,
Knights, Templar, secured JlO from George
Hyser, the proprietor. The man has not
returned the money and neither did he
call again upon Mr. Hyser. He owed his
bill at the Vendome and was threatened
with prosecution if he did not pay. He
secured money and settled, altnough a
short time betore he did not have a cent.
Porter visited Mrs. Lucy Hewitt, who
has a grocery and confectionery store at
2015 Stevens avenue in this city, and gave
her a letter of Introduction purporting to
have been written by her son. who is said
to be employed as a pressman by The
Call.
Mrs. Hewitt states that it was not writ
ten in her fon's hand and this fact made
her suspicious «f the etranger. He called
on her three or four times, but she says
he did not succeed in victimizing her. Her
younger son, who visited his orother In
£an i-'rancisco, questioned Porter closely
regarding the office of The Call, with
which he showed by his answers that he
was acquainted. He offered to take Mrs.
Hewitt's younger son to San Francisco
and give him a position at $00 per month,
but the young man refused to take any
stock in his story. Several days ago Por
ter secured transportation from St. Paul
to Portland, on account of The Call, but
when It was discovered that he was an
impostor he was put off the train west of
Minneapolis. It in not known what train
he then took Or where he is now. Mrs.
Hewitt has written to her son In San
Francisco to learn If the letter of Intro
duction was genuine, although she does
not believe it was. She has also asked her
son to let her know of anything else he
may know of the stranger who left bo
suddenly. Porter Is about 45 years of
age and crippled. He says he was once in
a railroad wreck.
The C. B. Porter mentioned In the above
dispatch has no connection with The Call,
ant! no one of that name has been con
nected with the paper at any time. A
short time ngo this impostor attempted
to psss himself off on the Postmaster of
iJanghorne. Pa., as the proprietor of The
Call, and he also stated that he had for
merly been Postmaster of San Francisco.
Postmaster Montague was asked for in
formation concerning Porter by the La.ng
horne Postmaster and immediately com
municated with The Call about the man.
This paper promptly notified the Pennsyl
vania Postmaster that Porter was a
fraud. • '¦
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
fcw^ wharf. San Francisco:
fj*pw For Alaskan ports — M a m .
tg|33tok April 21. Z^; May l. Chanare
Ej»*?J3»?Uk to '"'"¦'mDany's steamers at .¦ J - > -
s*&skH T.LI or Victoria. Vancouver fB.
KS&ZjLfKjli C.), Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. EVfrctt. Anaeortes
*^«i£jsa snd N*w 'Whatrom (Wash.>—
"^ 10 a. m., April 21. 26; May l
and every fifth day thereafter: change at Se-
attle to thin company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 10 a. nr. April
J4, 23: May 4 and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crua, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lais ObUrpo). Gavir.tsi.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — !>
a. m.. April 31. 25, 29; May 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
April 23. 87; May 1 and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del •
Cabo, Mazatlan Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mexico)— lo a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain company*
fotder.
The company reserves th» right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
wi'^-^'t rr»Tloo« notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. FERKIXS A CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
OCEA2I TBAVEL.
Jack Coradio's Body Found.
The body of Jack Coradio. an Italian
fisherman, who was accidentally drowned
April 7, was recovered yesterday on the
beach between Fort Point and the life
saving station. The remains were Identi
fied at the Morgue by a brother
Death of James M. Bailey.
ALAMEDA, April 20.— James McKnlght
Bailey died this morning at his home
2167 Santa Clara avenue. Deceased was
a native of Michigan, aged 52 years. He
leftj a wife, who is a daughter of the
late Rev. A. T. Perkins, pastor of Christ
Church for many years. The funeral will
be held in Detroit. Michigan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD CROPS
INSURED BY
LATE RAINS
Showers Were General, Ex
tending South as Far as
Escondido.
Hay Was Slightly Damaged in Some
Sections, but the Moistur© Will
Greatly Benefit Grain and
Small Fruits.
- »
SAN DIEGO, April 20.— The storm
reached here at 9:30 o'clock this evening,
when a steady rain began falling. Rain
is also reported at Escondido and other
points in the Interior.
LOS ANGELES. April 20.— A light rain
fell throughout thla section this afternoon.
Hay will be damaged.
SANTA ANA. April 20.— Rain began
falling here to-night. Considerable dam
age will be done here to hay and early
fruit if the precipitation should be heavy.
MERCED, April 20.— Rain began falling
here early this morning and continued
at Intervals throughout the day. The fall
was about half an inch. The rain will
damage hay somewhat, but "will be of
great benefit to the late sown grain.
MONTEREY, April 20.— This entire sec
tion has been visited by a heavy down
pour of rain to-day, the storm beginning
shortly before daylight this morning and
continuing with few intermissions all day.
Vegetables and small fruits will be great
ly benefited thereby. -
YUBA CITY, April 20.— The precipitation
for the storm here last night and to-day
registered over one inch, making for the
season 23.25 Inches.
PLACERVILLE, APrllA P r11 20.— 1t began
raining In this city at 2 o'clock this morn
ing, and rain has been falling steadily all
day. One and fifteen one-hundredths
inches fell to-day, making for the sea
son 37.97 Inches. The rainfall last season
to same date was 23.13 Inches.
MODESTO, April 20.— Since early morn-
Ing rain has been falling and this evening
the fall measured .57 of an inch. Late
sown crops are much benefited, while the
only damage is on some large barley
crops, which are being beaten down.'
SAN LUIS OBISPO. April 20.— A heavy
rain fell throughout the county to-day,
which insures immense crops. Over an
inch has fallen in some sections. Late
sown grain will now yield heavily.
SAN JOSE, April 20.— Rain fell heavily
early this morning, and there were sev
eral showers during the day. The total
for the storm Is .51 of an Inch, for the sea
son 14.18, against 12.9S for the correspond
ing period fast season.- The storm will be
of much benefit to berries, vegetables, hay
and grain.
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— About an
inch of rain fell here to-day. It has prob
ably injured strawberries greatly, but
cherries are hardly ripe enough to be af
fected. No" doubt heavy grain has been
beaten down, but with clear, dry weather
It will rise again.
FRESNO, April 20.— The amount of rain
fall up to 5 o'clock this evening for to
day's storm was .39 of an Inch, making a
total of 7.76 for the season to date.
MILTON, April 20.— Rain commenced
falling here last night and continued in a
steady downpour till noon to-day, the
total precipitation being over an inch.
Very little hay has been cut In this local
ity, and the results of the storm will be
almost entirely of a beneficial character.
The benefit to the late sown grain can
hardly be overestimated and an excellent
crop can be confidently looked for.
<jr=s) ERKELET. April 20.-The three
Lsskspeakers for commencement day of
JL-J'the class of 1900 of the University of
,—, — California are Miss Lillie E. Moller,
Wlllard Q. Parsons and Alfred Skaife.
Heretofore there have always been three
men speakers, but at President Wheeler's
suggested the woman students will be
represented by Miss Moller. This innova
tion will undoubtedly be the precedent for
years to come.
President 'Wheeler Is a firm believer In.
co-education and Intends to give the wo
man students the name advantages aa the
men. Miss Moller is one of the most pop
ular and brightest young ladles in her
class. - -
Some of the Prominent Commencement Day Speakers at the University of California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CO-EDS HONORED BY
PRESIDENT WHEELER
Miss Sayle Beaumont Chosen Queen of
the Courts by a Flattering •
LEGAL BATTLE
FOR POSSESSION
OF A CORPSE
Two Women Claimed the
Body of David Kellen
berger.
It Was Finally Awarded to His
Widow, From Whom He Had
Been Estranged ' for
Many Months.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
SACRAMENTO, April 20.— Mrs. Adah
Kellenberger of Oakland will bury her
dead husband, David Kellenbcrger, and
the body will be sent to Oakland on the
Oregon express to-morrow morning In the
custody •of W. H. Pipps. chief of the
Division of Railroad Conductors, of which
ihe deceased was a member, xhis result
was brought about to-night after the in
stitution of one of the most remarkable
court proceedings in the history of the
State.
For many years David Kellenberger was
one of the best-known conductors on the
lines of the Southern Pacific. His run
for a long time was out of Oakland, and
there he made his home with his wife, to
whom he had been wedded fqr sixteen
years. About three years ago he was
transferred to the run between Sacra
mento and Lathrop. At the latter place
he met a woman named Mrs. J. V. David,
and soon thereafter an . estrangement
came about between himself and wife.
Mrs. David opened a lodging-house in
Sacramento and Kellenberger roomed
there. Several weeks ago he was at
tacked with heart trouble. His wife in
Oakland received word that he was dan
gerously ill and would like to see her
and she came to Sacramento for that pur
pose. Mrs. Kellenberger says that when
she called at the house Mrs. David flew
Into a passion and declared that she
would not permit her to see her husband,
living or dead. Mrs. Kellenberger saya
she asked permission to remain in the
hall until the physician should arrive, but
this privilege was denied her. Mrs.
David then caused the police to be sent
for and Mrs. Kellenberger was removed
from the house where her husoand lay in
his last illness. On Wednesday last Kel
lenberger died.
The wife again came up from Oakland,
this time to claim the right to bury the
body of her own husband, but she was not
permitted to take charge of the remains.
She accordingly employed Attorney C.
M. Beckwith to apply for an injunction
restraining Mrs. David from disposing
of the body. Service was made and the
body placed In the custody of an under
taker designated by the court. Chief
Pipps of the Order of Railroad Conduc
tors, with the wife's consent, made a vain
attempt to secure the body, although he
had brought an Oakland undertaker with
him to care for it pending its interment
according to the rites of that order. James
Kellenberger, a brother, was made a
party to the injunction suit, as it was un
derstood he did not favor turning the body
GROUND UNDER
THE WHEELS OF
A LOCOMOTIVE
James O'Sullivan Meets a
Frightful Death in
Oakland.
Pinned Down by a Turntable While
an Engine Passes Over Him
and Crushes Him to
Pulp.
— _«
OAKLAND, April 20.— James O'Sullivan,
one of the oldest hackmen of early Oak
land and of late years an employe of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, met
a horrible death In the West Oakland rail
road yards to-night. He was ground Into
a mass of unrecognizable fragments un
der an engine. It was O'Sulllvan's duty
to move the turntable at the entrance of
the roundhouse and set it for the track
that the engine wished to take. An en
gine, under the control of Toby Feehan,
one of the hostlers, was on the table,
waiting to reach its berth for the night.
O'Sullivan moved the table around to the
track that the engine was to take, and
then got down to block the table so tnat
it would not swing while the engine passed
off. Feehan waited a few moments and,
thinking that everything was clear,
started the engine. He heard just one cry,
stopped his engine as quickly as possible
and made an investigation. Beneath the
engine was the body of old O'Sullivan cut
into fragments. It was evident that the
old man had slipped when he went to
block the turntable and fallen into the
crack between the table pit and the
ground and was held there while the en
gine passed over him.
O'Sullivan lived at Fruitvale and leaves
a wife, but no children. He was 52
years of age. He drove a hack In the
days when Oakland was full of ready
money and exciting scenes were being
enacted over the securing of water front
and private land grants. He carried
many an important load from strange and
secret midnight meetings where prom
inent men and city and county officials
hobnobbed over private deals at the pub
lic's expense. The old man is said to have
accumulated quite a. fortune In this way,
but worked even In his old age.
THE SAN FKAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
CRACK TENNIS PLAYERS
TO MEET AT SACRAMENTO
BEAUTIFUL TROPHIES
FOR ATHLETIC SPORTS
6 visit OR- JORDAN'S great J
Museum of anatomy?
T. ty"^ The Largest Anatomical Museum In tb« \
M «afta»«k World. Weaknesses or Any contracted g
i. SeSn d:s-is? pe><lil«t-ly »r«4r r the oldsst V
4 &%W*h 03- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ W S^w^n Consultation frc<s and strittW prtTar« \
W I J»«f H Tt« itjnent personally or by letter. A §
fI» Ql P»*.tK* Curtin every case undertaken.. W
AP if lift w 'mefot B«l rnilOvUfßYO i
* M p ¦•RIMCK. MAILED PRBB. lAf
X A /L valuable booh for mrnj \
9 DR. JOttDAX A CO, 10S1 Market Kt-.-S. F. f
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/DftfH * Drake Amalgamator*, operat-
IVItUUn Ing dally; 1 30-Hp. gasoline en-
¦ glne cheap. » Stevenson. 8. T.
DREDGI.NO PUMPS.
Oil. Gaaollna. Steam Hoists. Centrlfaral Pnrnoa.
Englnes&BoUera. HendyMach.Wks..M Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for slule* boxsa:
high or low lifts. Bifficnds. 33 Market st.
GOL^ SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
flatly operation. Wm. H. Birch * Co.. 133 Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 223 Fol-
»om street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
CONCENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acme" Concentrator works
black sand daily. 227 Mission st.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH rAST BTEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 O "EL TL^3ST ID
From Sc«ar-ttreet "**harf at 10 a. m.
FA DP XIS First Class Including Berth
InnC $3 Second Class and iTeai*.
COLUMBIA sails April S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pointa East.
Ev C. WARD, General Ag»nt.
(30 Market st
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATES.
GET them at Denniston's San Francisco Plat-
ing Works, C 52 Mission et.
OROCERIES rpn PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard.
308 Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
MATTFSO'S SLUICE WASHER.
Long tcm. riffles and carpet combined saws
placer gold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
LIQUORS-
WHICK'FV k- CAHEN ft SON.
W 11 1 0 IV L. I 418 Sacramento.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
Frnnesleln * Burrldge. t Hardl* . plac*. off
Kearny. between gutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BELL. Central Plating Works. ttU Mil-
lion st.. S. F. Phone Jessie 3CI.
. AMERICAN LINE.
Rf TORX. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAUS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul April 251 St. Paul May 19
St. Louis May 31 St. Louts May 23
New York May > New York May iO
RED STAF* LINE.
W «W Yorl? cr>d Antw»r>
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington April 35! Scuthwark May 1«
Noordland May 2[ Westeraland May 23
Frlesland May » Kensington May 30
tMPIRi LIN^.
S. S. Ohio, from San Frane!»co. May 13. and
from Seattle, May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 30. July 31. August 39.
First and second class passage. No storage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage ar?ly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery St., or any of Its agents.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
mrRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist its.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. T.
GASOLINR E>G!NE*.
HERCUXES GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
¦ E>QI>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
RAKER A HAMILTON. Engines and Bot]«r«:
lowest Bricaa on th* coast. Pin* A Darts sia.
FURS.
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH. 116 Grant a»«.
@BraflfJ|A Th» 9. S. Australia
ibiialUi **U* for H irmiu'u
i £**¦"•* Werineodav. May :.
U J. >„ 1*». at 3p. m.
O*r JCm.^ Th * 8 - s - AUmeda
;Sny[Trc{l D«J ¦»»¦ **• Honolulu »n-t
CyitCIIUUIU Auckland for Sydney
fOMRtf- Wednesday. May U.
at o p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc: $810 first clasa.
:. U. »e rttCitaLS A onus. Co.. *qts.. il4 Montsomer)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Ottce.32? Market St.
TENTS AND > OVERS.
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturer*. ba«a» uata,
eovara. tX and S3 California st.
COMPAOSIS CXNXBALE TBAffSATLAHTIQIH.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *?«.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of •'•**»•>
Saturday, from November J. 1599, at
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.. LA TOURAINE. April 28: LA
BRETAGNE. May 3: LA CHAMPAGNE. May
10: LA GASCOONE. May 17. Flrst-clasa to
Havre, $60 and upward; » per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. I 4."»: S p«r
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI it CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents, & Montgomery ay*.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
r.er First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at- Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on' board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, April 23th. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
..Saturday. May 19th. 19C0
SS. HONGKONG MARU
, Thursday. June 14th. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at ¦ reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First. .
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOCRO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM.
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. « ffdWy.NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'a pasi»ng-ers on application.
HER7.OO & CO.. Gen. Arts.' tar Pacific Coast.
401 California it., corner Ransom*. S. F
'for all a I bob Eas 4te£?
BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS;
SICK HEADACHE, ) and ( IMPAIRED DIGESTION,
CONSTIPATION, V Kindred'^ DISORDERED LIVER and
WEAK STOMACH; ,') Diseases ( FEMALE AILMENTS.
Bold everywhere, In boxes, at 10 cents and 25 cents each. , Annual gale over 6,000,000 boxca.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&**~?zg^>
T«ry small uU. aa «asy
to tak« as rtgjuv
SEE ICARTEKSI^S^S SEE
genuine if [Ufe-R SSSSKSS;. genuine
|pil LS FOR CONSTIPATIOH.
WRAPPFR MLLm " fOR sallow skim. WttAPPFB
ZStSto I Pnrely VegctalOa v /'W^~>^<s
"PRINTED O3ST R,E3D PAPER.'
11SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
ni'SINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
HRANCH OFFICES— CI Montgomery street.
<rmer Clay; open until 9:33 p. m.
JyO Hayes street: open until S:3O p. m.
ew McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
c:5 LarKin street: oj>en until 8:30 p. m.
1««1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
tm Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.t:l f p. tn.
306 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
PICS 6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
:~3 Polk street: opi-n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
rucky street^: cT'en until S n. m.
MEETING NOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Corr.mandery No. L K.
T . No. S Post ft.— Si«?cial assembly Tv?J
THIS (SATURDAY EVENING. Order (v*
at the Tfir;»le and Order of Malta. \3&
All fralers cordiallyinvited. By order w
of the eminent ccinmander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. J69. F. and A. M.— a
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) C\
AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock. Third de- 'Sfjf
yree (S). C~ D. BUNKER. Sec. '
THE California l>*bris Ccn:m>slon. having re-
reivtd srplicatlcn*- trt mine by the hydraulic '
process (rcra the Rt-d l>r.g Mining Company j
and South Vut>a Water Company, in the Red •
Dog- mine, near Ycu Bft Station Nevada |
County, to <Jej>osit tailings in Greenhorn |
Creek; from Martin Kline, in the Bowlder I
Hill ralr.e. near Placerville. El Dorado Coun- j
ty. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the i
mine; from G. E. Volmer. in the Little Klon- I
dyke placer rnln*. near Placervllle, El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings in Coon Hollow
Creek, ar.a from E. W. Hayden. in the Bluff
j.acer mir.e. near Mcuntaln Ranch, Calavera*
County, tc. deposit tailings in a ravine below
the ir.lne. gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room r?. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April SO, 1900, at 1:30 p. m.
ENGI'.OSfcIXG
lieeclutler.s and diplomas «. n>«"lalty. J. W.
Crltr.th. Heald'r Ruslnesn College. ;4 Prxt St.
xirns _ vv _ A . vrrn -
EXPEEJKNCED building and loan agent*.
Room HD6. p.a,U3 Spreckels building.
A COOD proposition t OT : a< j; P9 or gentlemen.
"140 M«rkft rl. .
ASTHOLOGY.
TP.OF. A. MASEUY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
cfist and palmist In the world; satisfaction
ruaranreed 4*7 Colder Gate aye.
ATTOKMJVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: Civcrce law a specialty; private;
no tee without succes*; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. KA Market, cor. Stocktn.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny at.
ADVICE free: nn charge unless FUCceMful. W.
W. r>AVn>SOX, s;r Market St.. opp. Mason.
1\ H. Mt::;ZHACH, attorr.ey-at-law. has re-
fuai»(i practice pt T.C3 Cal. t,t.. Clunie bldg. I
L. F. CLAKK. Krrnia Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar- i
ket Ft.: ransortatVm free: nn fees in advance. ,
1' ' |
BATH CABINET— HOT AIH. VAPOR.
r.CUINSON $5 «-panel folding: doer cpens firm
mni fafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
hlluia.n Hakes.
A NEW PLACE
AND NEW STOCK
At 609. Cll GoMen Gate aye.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
The Latest and L»e<=t Kguir^ed Kabbltry North
of Los Angeles.
Imported Belgian Hares.
Wholesale and Reta.il
Pedigreed Stock Only.
Fas hofia King (Imported).
By Champion Fashoda). Fee. $20.
Prince Charming (by Lord Kitchener Jr.).
Yukon I>andy. Fee. IS.
M&J. Dome (Sire Radcliffe).
i Heavy-weight Buck). Fee, $3.
Bred and Unbred Does
From th« Following Strains- i
FASIiODA. SIR STILES. YUKON. GoLD
BUG, LORD BRITAIN. NONPAREIL.
Nurse Does ror Sale.
A Full Line of Rabbitry Supplies.
IKA BARKER DALZIEL,
Telephone South GSL Proprietor.
THE AMERICAN RABBITRY.
W. B. SINK JR., Proprietor.
Finest imported Belgian Hares in the United
States.
See our maenitieent y<-ung buck.
BANNOCKBURN.
A worthy ofTfpr'.nK of the sreat Lord Banbury.
PRINCESS ZENIA.
The niOFt beautiful Imported ij<>e In America.
Til* week we will sell Yukcn does bred to
Uaiinocktmrn for $12 W.
Younp Sir Banbury does same price.
See bet ore you buy and get good value for
>-our r.cney.
fctcck by champion of the world Fashoda.
I Champion Edinbcro 11. Champion Lord Ban-
bury. Champion Yukon. Champion Dash. Kir
tityles. Lord Edlnboro and Trinidad.
Park Avenue. Emeryville.
One blcck from San Pablo-ave. cars.
AT y. K. MASON'S. 1719 Everett St.. Ala-
ir.'-da — "LORD ESSEX," imported, fee $20:
"Teddy Rr>osevelt." winner first prize Los ;
Armeies, fee $1:,; "Dandy Styles," own son
of 'Sir Styles," fee $15; "Britain Prince." j
own fon r.f "Lord Britain" ani "Avalanche," j
I** tli: "General Washington" (heavyweight)
fon of "Star Buck." fee $10; does bred to
these bucks from Jl9 up; closed Sundays.
WESTERN ADDITION RABBITRY. 2107 Cali-
fornia St.: salesroom, ttall 12. Union-square
Market. O'Farrell and Powell tts. ; choice
pedigreed Btock.
ATTENTION— TREMONT BELGIAN HARE
CO., 2134 Fllimore st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Send € cents in Etamps for bock on care and
feeding. The cheapest and best treatise on
the Fubject.
SALESROOM for the Laurel Dell Rabbitry of
Salir.&B. Cai., at the Montgomery Market, 735
Market st. : acents fur the Meadow Brook
Belgian Hare Company of Lo* Angeles.
VICTORIA R A BBITRY-Headed by Pala?e
R'yal. Fcorir.g « priie»: nther bucks at stud
end f<ir Bale; doe* cf ail grade* and strains,
bred and unhred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd.
FOR Mle— l'edlKreed P-elgian hares; from $5
t:;.^ard. MAP.KKT-ST. RAEBITRY. W. C.
CKNTHAM. proprietor. IK3 Market Bt.
MASCOT RAHBITRY. 427 Sutter Bt.. S. F. Fine
pedlrreed stock g-aranteed; at reasonable
; Tires ; j-ervlce. $15 and $25.
THE F.nrir.al riabbttry. .Ha&lett & Bew. 1222
Gr.ir.d st.. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
CHOICE slfjiifa for Belgian har»». 20 Golden
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly i
Call. 16 pases. s»r.t to any address in the I
T'nVefl Ftatcii. postpaid, for $1 per year. j
BOOKS — SEWASDOLD. j
t^iiOOl- HOOKS bcueht and" exchanged.' i
Ur'~r* rtfcy. nr,.. TfU MI««'»-» »t. rt»\r Third, j
. ttOOT AM> SHOIi lI A It GAINS. j
BARGAINS in ladles' and childrenT^ihoesT j
drummers' samples at manufacturer's co»t. I
3. KOHT.m:. -HER. 14r. Fourth Bt.
HIMMiSS CHANCES.
A— OLD-ESTABLISHED roadhouße wIuT over f
one acrs of. ground; house of 7 furnished j
rooms, with l.arnxjm, piano, etc.; rent $3o |
Particulars R. <J. WILKE. SC6 Market et.
A— tSOT— HAZAAU and notion ftore. with Z fine
living rooms; rents f22 In; a good paying bus-
ln»e»; Btock values the price; best location on
principal street. R. <;. WILKE. &06 Market. ]
A— slSoo; BAKERY on leadlng~buslness street- I
Western Addition; rent $ti; 2 horses, wagon; I
2 ntw event: taking 3W barrels per day; B »ck-
r.t-»R cause of tale. See R. G. WILKE SO6
Market st.
A-s;y>; PARTNER wanted In old established
ar,d flr»t-«.iass paying corner ealoon; retiring
i>artner to leave lor Nome; a splendid offer I
Cali It. O. WILKi:. K»g Market Bt.
A~ ittsii: CORNER Krocery and bar on Hayes !
»t. : r<-r.t iii. Including rooms; large stock of
llquois and rr<x:er!es; a nrst-clars. paylne
bu^ineys. Inquire U. G. WILKE. 90C Market.
A— s2ooo: CORNER crocery and bar. with 4
living rooms; rent $50; 3 years' lmse: the best
corn«r en Mission st.; place doing a rood
raying cash business; full value In eight
Ca'i R. G. WILKE. fC6 Market st.
A— l3;<*: CIGAR store; clearing $4 daily; splen-
<!id Nation: Market and East *ts.; rent $11
Cal! It. G. WILKE. iOS Market *t. -
PARTNER waned with $00; ran clear $150*
month. COWING & CO.. -71S Market Bt.
GOOD-PAYING branch bnkery and notion
*t->re. COWING fc CO.. 719 Market Bt.
A ROOMING hour*, north of Market: a money-
maker. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A CIGAR store; clear* $100 month: fine loca-
tion. COWING & CO.. 718 Market Bt.
A SALOON: businrs« place; only day trade.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— STATIONERY: fine place; 4 rooms; take
this now. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A — J4iOO; ON account of larce and Increasing;
business, young man wants partner In dairy
produce business: controls first-clae* trade;
fine outside route; (rood horses and wagons;
full set of machinery: everything favorable
for rapid Increase; must have help; clears
J3i«> per month; best references; must be able
to keep j.ialn accounts, art as cashier, look
after help, etc.: owner there 9 years. STEN-
EKP.O CO., SSS Market tt.
WEIJy-ORGANIZED machine shop, established
la i :¦¦:!. tor eale cheap. Box 4«£4, Call office.
BUSINESS i HANCEL— Continued.
$2100— WINERY near the city; everything com-
plete: cooperage SO.OOO gallons; buildings and
property included: bargain; departure cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market.
$;00— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city; bar-
Kaln this day. Mclaughlin & Co.. 777^ Mrkt.
$C0 — TAILOR Bhop; bargain: on account of
death. See MoLaughlln & Co., 777V4 Market.
$1500 — Old established corner Faloon; bargain;
Kolng to Cape ' Nome cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777Vs Market Bt.
$200— PARTNER wanted In good paying saloon;
steady man required. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
7774 Market t-t.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy. sell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MKGLADOKRY. 759 Market Bt.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and lodging house fur-
nished for rent, within 1 block of Powell and
Eddy. For particulars aw-Iy to DONNELLY
& BRANNAN. wholesale liquor dealers, 11*9
Mission st.
MISSION. S6lS— Home bakery, with fixtures;
uolr.g good business; call and investigate.
GOOD paylne dairy, dellcncy store; living rms.;
must sell; departure. \V., box 46J6. Call.
COUNTRY ceneral Btore for pale — Complete
Mock, htjiss and wagon, etc.; well-built fur-
nished house, modern conveniences; large
. prounds. liarn. stables and chicken-houses;
about 200 head choice poultry, cow; well-pay-
lnK business; no opposition: beautiful climate
and surroundings: price $4500 cash; house,
etc., coet more: owner haa Important interests
north. C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St., S. F.
CORNER grocery for Eale: $1100; in the best lo-
cation of Oakland: plenty room for bar, with
a splendid aide entrance; good paying custom-
err: business can be largely increased with
right management: full Investigation. Address
box 2757, Call offlce, Oakland.
$1200— OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery end bar In
the Mission. Particulars. TILLMAN & BEN-
DEL, corner Clay and Battery sts.
WANTED— A email business for cash; no
agents; give particulars. Address F. B. 6.,
118 Fulton 6t.
OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher business; cash
register, safe and Icehouse ; owner leaving the
city: cheap. Apply at 1206 Valencia st.
$300— FOR sale — Long-established watch and
Jewelry repairing store. Box 4650. Call ofllce.
A BAKERY for sale, cheap; cause, sickness.
Address box 4647, Call ofilce.
FOR sale— Oyster' house: good bargain; night
trade. Ca.ll 268 Hayes st.
HOTEL to rent: 607 Twentieth St., near Union
Iron Work*. Inquire 907H Illinois st.
IF you want to buy a nice little restaurant call
at 34 Eighth st.
FOR sale — Barber Ehop; good business: rare
chance. Bex 2T9. San Luis Oblspo, Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, all rented: near car houses and
transfers; rent $Si; going to Cape Nome.
19!S Central aye
STATIONERY, school supplies: flne location;
near 4 school houses; low rent: clean, new
ttock and fixtures. Box 4653. Call.
$2000 CASH or Becurity; grocery and bar: flne
stock: gcod location; no agents wanted. 30
Lily aye.
HOME bakery; old-established place; call and
pee: a fine chance for fancy baker. Box 4665,
Call office.
FOlt sale— 2 pood milk routes and dairy store;
2 fine wagons; 3 head cf horses; business
speaks for itself. Box 4CSS. CalL
WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery-, candy
pnd notion store cheap; reasons, going back
East. Sl6 Railroad aye. South.
BAKERY Btore. 1105 Howard st.; 4 rooms, with
large uven and tools to let low; location excel-
lent. -:-,.'
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
3-STORY house for sale, to be removed, at a
barcain. E23 O'Farrell Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened |
at 1223 Polk Bt. : open until 3 p.m. i
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
ler.cla st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
15-ROOM house at your own price. Apply to I
DECKER. 1020 Market st. j
EB-ROOII hotel and bar at a bargain.
100 rooms; rent $.'.O; clears $200 $1500 j
IS rooms; on Third st £.><) |
17 rooms; on Jones st COO t
C rooms and bath • 200
PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE.
30 rooms; restaurant and bar: In Stockton TV) i
30-room corner: 2 entrances; half cash 2200 :
S-room flat; new; elegant 2'k) i
IS rooms; on one floor: near Call office 550 I
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 40}!
2i rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 800 ;
JO rooms; on Mason St.: payments «4SO ;
S6 rooms: on Market st. ; payments: ISOO
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
IT. C. DECKER. IC2O Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bid*. |
Lodging houses, all part« of city.
4 of 7 r. ; «of 9 r. : R of 10 r. : 7 of 12 r. ;
sof 14 r.: 6of IS r.; 7of M r. : Bof 26 r.;
4 of 32 r. : Bcf 36 r. ; 4of 40 r. ; 6of 50 r. :
And many more. Please call for particulars.
R. H. WINSTON & CO ."
1026 Mnrket St
20 rooms $.'OO I 22 rooms $700
40 rooms jr.so 41 rooms $42 r .
to rooms $1700 | 60 rooms $2000
!:">— ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms, !
bath, laundry; nice yard; riermanent roomers:
profitable Investment; 4 blocks from Market
rt.: new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-st. corner. near Market; 30 Bunny
rooms: brick building: flne location. Inquire
WM. HENRRICKSON & CO.. €14 Cal! bldjr.
SNAP: tiOO; 22 ronm«!, all rented: cood loca-
tion: ca'Jß? of selling. FicknCßS. Baslle. 3 Eddy, i
$9M>— 34-ROOM house; flne location: all rented;
must pell; sicknes.s. BASILE. 3 Eddy Bt.
BUSH, Z?A—A bargain: lodpln^-house of 46
rooms: no lncumbrances; cash only.
$;no- LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 233 Third Bt.;
11 rooms.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Bent to any address In the
LODGING HOUSES TO LET.
MISSION, 523. bet. First and Second~lfouse~of
15 rooms; rent $25.
CARRIAGES AND WACOSsi
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia,
BELLING out. half cost. 100 sets harness. 200
wagons. 1140 Folsom st.. near Eighth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHFN you become distrusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Worka. 353-357 Tehama Bt.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Bt.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. g! H*
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth St.: tel. South 250.
| J. MrQUEEX'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
1 Stevenson st.: tel. South 22?: lowest rates.
! CARPETS cleaned at 3c p»r yard; laid at 4c
I .STP.ATTO.VS. 3 Ejehth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE, Carpet CUanlng Co.. 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-r-eatins Works, 333 Golden
! Gut* aye.: telephone East 125.
I - '
| bPIUITtALISM.
ATTENTION'! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Cla)r\-oyant.
Reveals Your Life Prom the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mjttery Revealed. " .
' To the Sick Especially
; Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
i Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
I all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, ell Ekln diseases!, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
I the baa tnade are the talk cf the whole slope.
WRITE
j If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall is always :uc-
cegsful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
. Address or call. MRS DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. btoad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station frum
Brcadway.
CARD-READING, new method; praised by all;
day and evening: 10c and 15c. 400 Grove st.
CONSULT the urlfted clairvoyant. 349H Minna
Bt.. near Fifth.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: Bit. dally; consult, free;
meeting to-night: all Invited. 14S 6th. rm. 1.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium; 43 Sixth;
circle every evnlng; 10c; sittings dally.
MME. HANSON, palmistry; card reader; past.
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 12.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and llth; cir. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MME. VERLEIN, life and card reader; busi-
ness advice 50c. 627^ Post Bt.
MRS. j. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sluing. $1. 1104, Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 206 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced »he reveals every hidden mys-
stery; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections: unite the separated: recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while in a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
bend stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk at., near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows plcturr future husband or wife;
fee 2.1 c and up; satisfaction to everybody: tlpa
on races. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: elves best ncvlee in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton *t.. near I^arkln.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh Bt., original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings *r>c; no sign.
AnTs. DR. WEST, business, test medium: re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MISS MELVILLE, rreat olalrvoyand and w;iler
reacV-r; Oerman spoken. 921Vt Mission, op. Mint.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1145 Mission.
MME. BHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
*%:ttlncs dally, my, Sixth »t.
MMR. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice, names glv»n: Isc up. 5 Fourth «t.
MMR SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
rtand's picture. ?Ko- ladles. 914 O'FarreH wt.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME rocker: cheapest, lightest and
best; latest Improvements. 1911H Mission Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charg* un-
\ft* tuccessful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 AND $10 — Cottages. 4 rooms; good order;
water free. Apply premises, 945 Bryant, or
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
$12 — 4 4-ROOM cottacea; pantry, bath, hot and
cold water; easy terms. 1822 Rhode Island Bt.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 11l Collins at., near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlor*. 927
Market Bt., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 f>o up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and eironEer than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; all work
ftalnless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have ycur extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $3; gold crowns. $3: new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
Filver. 50c; painless extraction, r.Oc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 MlBslon.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. llth— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per Bet: extracting 60c: gas given. '
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
Jl. IDEAL DKXTAL CO.. 6 Eddy Bt.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowna. bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third St.; crown-
bridge work: ext. painless: full set teeth $7
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 23c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenlnes and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOCNO. IMI Polk Bt^
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Pnrdnvy. *s«> Ma-ket.
HOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pill*: by all drugg^ts or at the dog hospital,
no OoMen Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dok Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50: all
sr>;n»»!« tr»nt«"V d«<»« h^-»fd<«<l. T»I. We«t G3R.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking: late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary Bt. : dresses
mad». $.i tip: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
in R ; pJ^klnc ; l2lP2st ; over(T^2nnor&Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
i^ORTHAND— individual Instruction each
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer, 1720 Market st. ; highest speed
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the Inventor of phonography); rates $5
per month: by mail $4; another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeepinc. shorthand,
tpylnp, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school — Commercial Western
Business University; arranged In departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market st.. San Francisco.
AYRES' . the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
Bcholarshlp. $60; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assny, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 202 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bldg:
MANDOLIN, the latent fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission -.violin, guitar.
Fnr.XCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of lenenajres.32o I'ostiestah'd 1871; ablest pruM.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
enKi-Gsslng; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. : $.i mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 43^4.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 806>,i Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office-
Best help. 417 Powell St., telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEITM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chl-
n»*e. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Tllaok ,r.f172., r .fl72.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED FEMALE.
AS working housekeeper by neat, elderly Amer-
ican woman; good cook and laundress; likes
children ; city references given; wages from
$10 to $12. Address box 3452. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position as
housekeeper: city or Oakland. Apply 812
Green St.. city.
WOMAN wishes position to do washing or
house-cleaning by the day or by the week.
Call 34 Clementina Bt.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as flrst-
clbkb American cook; understands her work
in all its branches. Please call.lOH Eighth st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
YOUNG woman desires position as stenog-
rapher; ref.; wages no object. Box 4641. Call.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
merts by ladies in confinement. MRS. WOL-
TER, 132 Sixth tt.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wants sltua-
tion as sick nurse or light housework; refer-
encs; no postal cardß. 845 Fillmore st.
SPANISH-AMERICAN woman wishes position
as housekeeper with family or party going to
"Cape Nome; speaks Spanish and English. Ad-
dress 257 Shipley cV
AN old lady, Protestant and trustworthy,
wishes a light position in a nice small fam-
lly: MRS. C.. 431 Precita aye.
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires position as nurse
or companion to lady en route -for Paris;
knows French; no wages; city ref erence. Call
=623 California st. '-mSBSSSB^Sg.
ESIPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and 3
English, wishes a position to take cats- of
children or lady's maid to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union Bt.
WOMAN would like to take charge of 2 chll-
dren; terms moderate. 320 Thirteenth st. :
L.ADY wishes position as working housekeeper.
Address box 3453. Call office. :
MAN and wife would like to take care of house
during owner's absence. Addresa box 4690. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $C
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsemente and subscriptions has been. opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 109« Va-
lencln at *
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place; under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows, run gasoline engine: handy with tools;
best r?ference letters. EMIL GARDENER.
San Rafael. Marin Co., Cal.. P. O. box 232.
OYSTERMAN wants a steady place in market,
cafe or oyster house; cook and tend to lunch
counter; work from 6 p. m. to midnight. 514
Central aye.
SITUATION In private family; understand care
of horses, harness, carriages, cows and fowl;
can run goaollne engine; temperate and rell-
able; age 40; single. Box 3330. Call.
CARRIAGE Btrlper wishes position: good all-
round man; country preferred. Painter, 746
Market at. *_ -_
BAKER, steady and temperate, wishes position
on bread or cake. Address K. P. KAAR-
TINEN, 543 Howard at.
GARDENER wishes situation: ten years* ref-
erence from last employes. Address Gardener,
care of H. W.. 879 Washington St.. Oakland.
GERMAN wants a position as watchman; good
references. Call or ad. H. M.. 158 South Park.
A THOROUGHLY practical man In grain
farming, orchard, vineyard, dairy and Btock
its open for engagement as superintendent or
foreman: have had twelve yeari' experience
In California and can give satisfactory refer-
ences. Address box 4651, Call office.
MIDDLE-AG*ED man, single, wants work; Is a
Jobbing carpenter, painter, glazier and paper-
hanger; will furnish his own tools: country
place or ranch preferred; moderate price.
Address box 4644, Call office.
YOUNG man desires situation as night watch-
man; good references. Box 4649. Call office.
PAINTER and paper-hanger wants work. Ad-
dress box 4624. Call office.
DANISH man, 50 years old, wants situation;
has been working 12 years in private family
as coachman, gardener and man about place;
email wages: best of reference. Address or
call 331 Kearny st.. room 43.
CARPENTER, 10 days in city, would like
steady Job; small pay. Address J. P.. 2010
Leavenworth st.
A STRONG, reliable young man wants work of
any kind in Cape Nome; Al references. Box
4672. Call office.
JAPANESE boy would like a situation as cook
In a family. Address ICHI. 248 Ellis at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IOvS Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
LOVELY home In Frultvale for sale or ex-
change for city property. Apply 369 Hayew st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
10711^ Market st. : examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. M)e. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
BEST centrally located flats for small families:
nice neighborhood; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento St., above Powell.
A MODERN middle flat. 5 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. 63SA Minna st., bet. 7th and Bth.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant flat; 5
rooms; bath. 10 Grove st. :'."': •
IF ycu wart to move R*t printed list flats to l»t
from BALDWIN *HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
POLK. 2215, near Vallejo — Good flat Of 3 rooms
and bathj?l<X
BUNNY flat, newly papered. 4 rooms, $10. 116V4
Perry St.. near Third: two entrances. ; ";• ;
UPPER flat of 4 rooms, with large yard and
6tab!e. 2 Hayward St., near Eighth. -»-.'.
$16— SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; 4163 Twen-
tleth st.. near Castro. ,
$18— UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath. 641 Castro
Kt., n»ar Nineteenth.
3-ROOM flat: yard, range, water free; !1 Holly
et., 50 feet from Mission car; opposite Thirty-
third st.: rent $C; no children.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms: yard: base*,
ment; rent moderate. 1931, 1935. 1937 O'Farrell.
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath, $18. 2:24 California st.
$16 50 — FINE flat; 6 rooms and bath; flne yard.
421 Tenth ft. .
FLATC TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNITURE bargain— Elegant furnishings of
6-room flat on Van Ness aye.; rent $35; never
been used; Axmlnster carpets;- solid mahog-
any parlor furniture; round dining table;
brass bed, cost $55. Inquire 11. J. MOORE,
1029 Market tt. •
FURNISHED flat of 3 rooms, bath. 2 closets,
gas for lighting and cooking. 1020 Geary st.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale at a bargain;
in uso only a few months. Call at 1794 Ellis.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4? 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1121 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 113S Market Bt. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-i^and furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 7.17 Mirslon: tel. Red 335.1.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission: phone Black 4074.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for some high
grade furniture and carpets. 14 Fifth st.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
cT7£'^L\^csl?N"X7sc^T??rrpTSo^^
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :.
Man and wife, head waiter and waitress, $50;
also one more waitress, $20, for commercial
hotel; 2 waitresses, country hotel, $20, free
fare; waitress. Salinas. $22; waitress, San
Mateo, $20; waitress, re-ort, $20; 2 waitresses,
city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook, $40; restaurant cook, $30
FAMILY ORDERS
Woman with a child to cook for men. $10; cook
and second. Alameda, $45; 2 second girls, city,
$20 and $25; 3 good places for houseglrls. city,
$20 and $25; 2 girls to go together for house-
work, short distance In country, $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cashier nnd counter girl for restau-
rant and bakery, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ¦ y-v- '
WANTED— A large number of girls for all
kinds of work too numerous to advertise. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— German girl for care of children,
upstairs v/ork and sewing. Apply Saturday
between 10 and 12 a. m.. 2014 Webster st.
WANTED— Woman to do light housework and
attend to children. 247 Shipley st. ;
GIRL to do general housework. Call after 9 at
1016 Market st.
WAITRESS wanted for boarding house to-day;
wages $15. 29S Hyde st. , -
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators. on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32V£ Fremont.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
BTRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont at.; elevatjr.
TAILORESS who understands busheling thor-
oughly. Apply S. N. -WOOD-& CO.. 718 Mar-
ket et. .
APPRENTICES - for tailoring; paid while
; learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541
Market Bt . . .
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladles' Jackets;
good pay. MEYER. BROS.. 7 and, 9 Battery.
GIRL wanted for housework and take care of
baby, at 1632 McAllister 1. ; .-' , :
WANTED— First-class waist finisher; also ap-
prentlce; paid.' 406 Sutter st.
WANTED for general . housework, young Ger-
man girl in small family. Call at 230 Third.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay Bt.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 110 William St.,
off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators
on pants. 541 Market st.
A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH of nee for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12:3 Polk st.; open until t p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ."¦;.. -..;.«¦¦ aaf^age
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Emoloyment and Labor Agents.
' WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
MECHANICAL HELP
Millwright for sawmill company $7S and fd.
Carpenter for sawmill company. ...sCs and fd.
Carriage trimmer, $90 band sawyer, $120
7 blacksmiths, also surae helpers, $2 50 day,
$35. $45, $50 and fd. ; 3 wagonmakers. $2 50 and
»40 and fd.; machinist, lathe hand, city Job,
$3 day; carriage woodworker, $s)0; gang edger-
tnan.
FARMS, DAIRIES ..STABLES, ETC.
36 haymakers, different Jobs, $1 25 day and
fd. ; 63 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for
all parts of California, $35. $30, $26, $20 and
fd.; COME SEE-; 43 milkers and buttermak-
ers, $35, $30, $25 and fd. ; 6 stablemen and 3
gardeners, $30. $40, $25 and fd. ; 20 choremen
and boys. $25, $20, $15, $10, fd.; 36 men or
strong boys to pull rhubarb, pick peas, hoe,
etc., steady Job, fare 30c., $17 50 and fd.;
gardeners, coachmen, 3 separators for dairies.
COME.. LABORERS and TEAMSTERS.. SEE
356 laborers and teamsters for all Darts of
California, some in San Frandsoo, $2 and $1 75
day, $30, $26 per month and fd. ; 33 scraper
teamsters ...$27 60 and found
..TO GOLD. SILVER AND OTHER MINES..
33 miners, different Jobs $75. $60 and fd.
2 machine drillers $90
6 muckers for a gold mine $60
63 laborers (no experience required). s4s & fd.
16 laborers, you'll suit this mine.. $30, $35 & fd.
B43..TIEMAKERS and WOODCHOPPERS.. S43
$3. $2 50. $2, $1 75, $1 50, $1. 70c cord; 10c, 12c.
13c each, tools and provisions found, some
fares cald and at mines; Portuguese milker,
$25 and fd.
M. & R. SPECIAL LIST
Dry goods clerk. $40, country, see boss here;
8 milk wairon drivers $25. $20 and fd.
4-horse teamsters, haul milk city.. s3o and fd.
2 men or strong boys for a slaugter house,
$20 and fd. ; 365 Jobs no tadvertlsed..Come see
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL SPECIAL
45 men, no experience required.
FARE PAID.
Wages $26. $30, $35 and $40 and fd.; you'll suit;
no Sunday work; steady Job. COME SEE.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A NO experience required on this Job and
we will pay your fare.
25 laborers for the mills, woods and yards of
large company, $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
A— HOTEL— BAKERY^-LAUNDRY. ' "
36 cooks— COME SEE— $5O, $45, $40. $33, $30 f d. ;
4 first. 6 second. 3 third bakers: also boys
and helpers. .s4s, $40, $35, $30, $25. $20. $15 & fd.
6 laundrymen, ironers, shirt backer, polisher,
etc $25. $30. $35 and found
Chore boys, for bakery; boy to drive florist
wagon; experienced bakery wagon driver,
city, $35 and fd.; barber, country shop; por-
ters, hotels and restaurants; waiters, country
hotels and restaurants, city and country, $25.
}30 and found and $S to $10 week; 8 ranch
cooks, $15 to $30 and found; dishwashers,
kitchen help, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL— COOK SAILOR
Cook for S. P. It. crew, boss here.. s4o and fd.
Sailor for a dredeer. call early ready to go, -
$40 and fd. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5... .104 Geary Bt.
Wanted for the Coast Road, free fare.
Stonemasons $4 a day
• Hock laborers |2 a day
Teamsters $2 a day
Camp blacksmith $2 E0 to $3 a day-
Blacksmith helper $1 75 a day
....FREE FARE FREE FARE....
MISCELLANEOUS
Wanted this morning for sawmills and
woods, 50- laborers, no experience required,
$26 and board, fares advanced, see boss here;
6 Jackscrewers, 135 and board; 6 crosscut saw-
yers, $30 and board; 10 swampers, $26 and
board, see boss here
Machinist, country" shop, $3 day; 2 black-
smiths, country. $2 and $2 50 a day: 4 ranch
blacksmiths, $15. $49 and $35; upholsterer.
Bummer resort, J25 and found; 6 miners, $2 50
a day; 20 farmers, different ranches, $20 and
$26; farmer and wife, $30: 6 milkers, $25 and
130; 2 choremen, $20: 10 laborers, city, $1 75 a
day; gardener for nursery, country. $30 and
found
HOTE L D EPARTM EXT
Pastry cook and baker, hotel. $60; cook, fam-
ily hotel, $60: French or Swiss second cook,
country hotel, $50? window baker, city, $35:
cook and dishwasher, country hotel, $40 and
$20; pantryman. $26: Bllverman, $20; 10 bakers'
helpers, $25, $30 and $35; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30
2 housecleaners, country, $20; 2 upstairs por-
ters, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A SHAMPOOER for'* the country. $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A DISHWASHER for the springs; $25 and fare
advanced; call early. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 GERMAN or Scandinavian laborers for fac-
tory In country, ISc to 20c; 5 men for hydrau-
lic jnlne, $2 BO day; 6 quartz miners, $2 50 to
$3 day: muckers, $2 day; carman: sticker man
$3; edger man, $3; wheelwright. $2 50; carriage
painter. $3; carriage painter on shares. J. F.
CROSETT Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
2 GARDENERS and wives. $50 and $55; 2 fruit
farmers and wives. $40 and $50; gardener, *!>0;
man about place, $25; farmers, $20, $25, $27 50
and $35; young man for laundry, $15; laun-
dryman. $30. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628
Sacramento st.
10 BARK peelers, $30 and found; 6 crosscut
sawyers, $30;- 5 Jackscrewers, $35; 5 barkers,
$30; 50 woodchoppers, $1 25 to $2 cord; 10 tie-
makers, 9c .to 12c; 20 laborers for mill and
woods. $2G; "laborers for quarry and others.
J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Baker and second cook, nice restau-
rant, $12 week; second cook, hotel, country,
$45: fry cook, $50 month; oyster man. $40: Bec-
ond cook, city, $30 month: third cook, hotel,
$30 month; waiter, country, $30; waiter, city,
$30; German barkeeper and hotel man, refer-
ences and experience, $25 month: waiters, $8
week; sllverman, $20; potwasher. $20; second
baker, $25; other hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacramento at.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter: IS years
old: bright and reliable; salary $25 to com-
' menee. Business Woman's Club. 927 Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel Jessie 152.
WANTED— By an established merchant tailor-
ing house In outside city.^a thoroughly ex-
perienced coatmaker who Has had experience
in handling help, to make from 20 to 40 coats
a week, at an- average of $3 60 per coat; a
guarantee will be given for 20 coats a week
the year round: must brine help with him;
workroom free. Address box 4648. CaJl office.
TWO men to collect and canvass: salary and
commission; 8 to 9. 5 to 6. RYAN -A TEE-
HAN, room 6, 405 Montgomery.
WANTED- Barber; young man with 1 or t
years' experience. Address box 4640, Call.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1357 Du-
pont st. .>• »-:' : * ''*••:"•¦
WANTED— Barber for Saturday; wages. 107H
Fifth at.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday; $4.
130 P/j Valencia st.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday; wages $3.
62 Seventh st. •
WANTED— A barber for Saturday, wages, $2,
from 10 to 10. 519 Kearny st.
WANTED— Two barbers; wages $5; Saturday
and Sunday. 11 Sixth Bt.
BARBER for Saturday at 1211 Market St.; $3
guarantee.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday; $5. 61 Third
stseet.
WANTED — Good barber half day Saturday and
Sunday; wages $3 60. 90SV& Howard st.
WANTED — Salesmen: furnishing goods depart-
ment. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
DRY goods man. Apply at 152 Sixth st.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— A German grocery clerk. 1440 Pa-
clflc at. _^
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 5£2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and *d sts.
BOY wanted to learn plumbing. 1716 Sutter
street.
WANTED— An errand boy. Apply > 22H Geary
St.. room 33.
WANTED — Experienced helper for wagon shop.
11S2 Folsom St., near Eighth. ;
WANTED — Man who understands nursery
work and Jobbing gardening. 500 Halght st.
WANTED— 4 first-class barbers at the Ocean
Baths, 17 Taylor St.; wages. \
WANTED— A cood cake baker; $40, board and
lodging. 2809 Twenty-fourth st. "
WANTED— A piano/ salesman for country. ' Ad-
dress box 4642.' Call office. ¦ . '.
WANTED— A first-class grinder. Apply at 230
San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED ••
Blacksmith for dredger. $40 per month and
board; steady Job
5 men to learn mining, for first-class mine.
$2 per day
3 farm hands for stock farm In Contra Costa
County, $26 and board
6 milkers for different places near city. $30
and $25 and board
Choreman on ranch. $25 per month and
board; good steady Job
Walter for nice coffee parlor In city, $35
Night waiter for restaurant In. city, (73
10 laborers for large sawmill company, no
experience required, $2S and board and fare
paid
t> men for hayfleld en large ranch near city.
$1 25 per day and board
Cook for dredger $40
And others
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BOY wanted to run errands and work in bak-
ery. 1410 Polk St.. near Pine.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. Corner of
Twenty-fourth and Sanehex st».
BUSHELMAN at once. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 609 Kearny St.. room 3.
BOYS, 14 years upward. Apply Glass Works,
Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
axes of 21 and $5 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who heve legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis «t.. Ban Francisco. Cal.. or
SSO X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALL sire men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires *lx to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
. Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms; 2Sc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
in barber school. 741 Howard at.
BOY. 14 to It; make himself generally useful
in factory. 723 Market st.. room 25.
GENTLEMEN'S buUb to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. J N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c nlsht; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
THREE waiters, steady work; 15 mlllmen; 20
lumber pliers; 8 ranch hands. 628 I st., Sacra-
mento. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for the receDtion of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093 Va-
lencia Bt.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale.
HORSES HORSES HORSES.
Will sell in carload lots; F. O. 8.. S. F. :
good serviceable young horses; weight 900 to
1400 lbs.; owing to dry season will sell In
carlots for $10 each. Address box 231. Ven-
tura. Cal.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, burgles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME black carriage team, stands 16-2,
perfectly gentle; also 50 head of horses weigh-
ing from 1200 to ISCO pounds, at Union Stable.
fc: Howard st.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1«21
and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some flne matched black teams.
CAR of fancy working and driving horses, 1100
to 1500 pounds, at 35 Dore St., near Ninth and
Folsom.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. 605 Golden Gate ay.
WANTED — Good cheap horse. 948 Powell at.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1316. near Van Ness aye.— Sunny
house of 7 rooms, bath and basement; newly
renovated; flne yard: stable: $30.
ELEGANT, sunny house near £ark; 8 rooms
and bath. Cor. Hayes and Devlsadero sts.
TO rent — For the summer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, flne -garden, pure
spring water, beautiful Bcenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; 3
miles from St. Helena; Vj mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cat.; also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished. *
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster; 11 rooms and servants'
room; 7 bedrooms; sun in every room; every-
thing in perfect order; stable on rear street;
will rent for 6 months or a term of years.
¦ J. H. GILMORE. 323 Montgomery st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A hatpin with an amethyst and diamond
top. Reward If returned t0. 2217 Sacramento.
LOST— Bay mare, blistered In front feet. Re-
turn to 1426 Turk St., and receive reward.
LOST— Wednesday afternoon, 'a pearl crescent
brooch. Return to cashier of The Call and
receive reward.
LOST— Mastiff dog. near Ingleslde. Liberal re-
ward If returned to MISS DINKELSPIEL.
1292 O'Farrell st.
LOST— Fifteen (15) shares of the capital stock
of the Mutual Electric Licht Company of San
Francisco. California, certificate No. 1313.
standing in name of James Fisher, trustee.
All persons are cautioned against negotiating
same. Transfer has been stopped. G. F.
BOWMAN.. 327 Montgomery. San Francisco.
LOST— Black Scotch terrier: sheared like a lion;
Fresno license: $2 60 reward. 25 Valparaiso st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 10074 Market st.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023<i Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and aliments
.cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office . hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR! KOHU ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1123 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to S p. m.
MRS. DR.- WTETH. reliable specialist; home
in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
lst: guaranteed treatment at office, $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladies'
physician; chronic disease* treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk Bt.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment.
VI- VI— DR. WISE &: CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats 'all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILEKS. engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
tlce furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-ICI3-IC2I-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
ONE sicomd-hand metal turning lathe, planer,
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
Fteam pump, Emery gear; also pipe fittings:
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wright anvil; one 7- horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
VERY handsome perfect opal %carfpln for $15;
cost orig. $35. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOOK at this— For sale; beautiful solid gold
watch; $45; cost $100. It Fifth it.
MI3CELLAXEOPS — FOB SALE
BEAUTIFUL pair &*™ n < i * o ™™ is f r ??Z? l oF'.
$40; cost new $73. PORTLAND LOAN U*-
FICE. 25 Stockton st. ¦
SCHOONHR of about fifteen tons cheap; la
good order. W. HIATT. 1150 Mission »C
ONE water-Jacketed air pump; cheap; nearlr
new. WHITE. SlB Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water Pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. "WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
GASOLINE engines; all sties: second-hand:
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL BROd.. 144
rirat st.
2 DIAMOND rings: cost $300; sacrificed if sold
at once or trade for tickets Cape Nome. Box
2752. Call office. Oakland.
A— s3 EO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
CA«*H registers, second-hand, bought and sold:
Naticnai and Hallwocd. 13uO Misglon. nr. 9th.
HIRH-AKU Singer sewing machine: good con-
oftlont co^pJte: cheap. IMS Mission, nr. 15th.
A fine «uit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. Misfit
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chlnery. Mclrto^h A Wolpman. 135 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines boilers ; Iron and wood
planers; lathes: Sd-hand. J. Burke. I£> Beale.
N , E n w »oTd d '^Tr^r^^r^^x
A 10-TOV Fairbanks scale and flr« aad burg-
lar-proof safe. 216 California at. ;
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 tin and burj-
lar-proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all slies. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San FTan.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
EDISON concert phonograph, price reducedto
$100: concert records. $3 50. BACIOALUFL
933 Market st.. Pan Francisco. _
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— Second-hand Gordon press. 11x17.
Inquire for HARVEY, Wellman. Peck & Co..
Main and Market sts. >
BIG prices paid for full-dress suits. PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton St.: postal.
WANTED— Card printing or sign lettering In
exchange for dental work. Box 4662. Call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Markot st.
MONEY TO LOAJT.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 p«r cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential : advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at * per cent: Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. «.
HIGHLY respectable private place, to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. J«welry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ON real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 88 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest prlca for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BON ELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
«S and 69. Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1H per cent; also
loars to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
222 Ellis st.. room 34.
MONEY loaned; unsecured note of any man oC
good character. Prescott & Co.. Phoenix. Art ».
TO salaried people; without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 321 Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3%:
no removal; no commission. 6 Eddy St.. r. 91.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D. McRAE, 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 386 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO C0.00O; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DItYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. «30 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
dsco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan hulHlng.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $3 cash. $C per
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Fr&ncisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
WE DO NOT sell poor pianos.
WE DO sell good pianos cheap.
WE WANT to show you how cheap w« can
sell a good piano. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
OUR LEADERS are DECKER & SON. and
PACKARD; either on« will suit you: they ar»
the best that money will buy; we sell on pay-
ments if you wish. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market st.
YOU CAN buy any kind of a musical Instrument
on Installments from us. MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st.
A FEW of our many snaps:
Small upright $3S
Eetey upright; special snap.... 190
Steck upright: excellent XSO
Eterling upright; flne -. Xl 5
Vose upright: walnut 230
Easy payments; pianos for rent. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.; Chlckerins
agency.
A LARGE number of pianos yet remain of ths
Hamilton- Bancroft stock: ateinway concert
grands. Chlckertng. Hallett A Davis. Elling-
ton, etc.; squares. $25 up; uprights. $30 up:
banjos. 50c up; guitars. $1 up: mandolins, $3
up. Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms. 30S-31Z
Post St., sol» agent Sohmer and Byron Mausy
pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER k CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
$2 50— FOR rent— Fine upright piano: or sell
cheap. 342 Kearny st.
A FORCED sale of fine upright piano at $100
less than cost. Room 10. Flood building.
STEINWAY. $IO«>; Installments $5 73 up: rent*
$2 up; open evenings. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
THE place to buy a good second-hand piano;
$15 up. S. F. Music Co.. 225 Sutter st.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZk 19
McAllister st.. next Hibernla Bank.
FINE Fischer and Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
FINE large upright piano sold for storage- $100
cash. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A BAROAIN— Steinway. $123; store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
DON'T buy; rent a new piano. $3 p*r month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ, PIANO CO.. MO Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new: chean
HORNUNG'S. m McAllister st. cn «»I>.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H*
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Week'y
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO UTT.
'
gant store: rear rooms; large basement,
F 9*;,.. r * nt -~ Eletrant offices in V ji C. A-
building. Mason and Ellis sts. **•*-¦*•
PALMISTRY.
P » O TOGR APniC SUPPLIES.
PUYSICIA^AXDj URGEONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
12The following Tecord of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers Is fur
nished by *J. B. Llpplncott, resident hydro
grapher of the Untted States Geological Survey.
One second foot equals GO miners' Inches:
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
Bullion .... 03 Cs|
Caledonia 1 23 1 SO
Chollar ......... 10 11
Challenge Con. 20 2l!
Confidence 90 94;
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 70
Con Imperial... 01 C 2
Con New York — 04 j
Eureka C0n.... — 80,
Crown Point... 17 19]
Exchequer 03 fe>,
Gould & Curry » 28
Hale 4 N0r0... S« 87
Julia .....— 0»
lOphlr 65 M
Overman 21 22
Potosl 27 28
¦Savage 10 11
— 52
Seg Belcher.... 03 03
Sierra Nevada. 49 47
Silver Hill 12 _
St Louts — 12
iStandard — 3 ja
Syndicate — 12
Union Con J7 29
Utah 10 11
Yellow Jacket.. 17 28
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column glyes the
last tld» of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The. heights
given ar« In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes tha heirht.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ts the mean of the lower low waters.
SATURDAY, APRIL 21
Sun rises — B:K
Sun sets .....«:5l
Moon rises 0:12 a. m.
ARP.IVED.
Fridar. ADril 29.
Stmr Alcazar. Carlson. 15 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr State of California. Case, £3 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
Stmr Proereso. Zollint. 90 hours froa Ta
coma.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Haw stmx Aztec. Trasic. 43 days frosi Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 27 days.
Ship Occidental. Bennett. S days from Se
attle.
Ship Columbia. Nelson. 9 days from Tacoma.
Ship Ssaxtan, Polite. 10 days from. Seattle.
Bark Levl G Burgesa, Ycusfren, s days trom
Taccrna.
Schr Volant. Ericsson. 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Bchr Lculs. Genbers. 7 days from Columbia
River.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson. D days from
Port Gamble.
Schr James A Garfield. Lewis. 4 days frcs)
Cocs Bay.
Schr Abb!*, Petersen. 4 days from. Coos Bay.
Schr Webfoot. Mercer. 4 days from Coos Bay.
Friday. April 20.
Etmr WaHa Walla. Hall. Victoria, etc;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Brunawick. Andresea. Coznox and Mary
Island: Pacific Steasa Whaling Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria; O R &
N Co.
Nor stmr Titania, GuQlckson. Nanalmo; John
liosenfeld's Sons.
Ship Indiana. Pattern. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Haw bark Santiago. Eagals. nilo; J E
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn S N castle. Hubbard. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn Planter, McNetlL, Honolulu: WlUlams.
Dlmond & Co.
Schr Seven Sisters. Car* Nome; Aavtl Gold
Minlnr Co.
SAILED.
Friday. April X 3.
Stmr Mattaawan. Croscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Albion.
Nor stmr Tttania. Gullickscn. Nasalmo.
Schr Joseph &. Henry. Rasmussen. Ctxjuilla
River.
Schr Archie & Fontle. Skipper. Stewarts
Point.
Schr J Epplnger. Nyman. Bowens Landing.
Schr Reliance, Anflndsen. Iversens Landing.
Schr Helen N Klmball. Hansen. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 20. 13 p n*- Weather
cloudy; wind NW. velocity f. miles.
SPOKEN.
March 19, lat US. lon S3 W— Er sh!p Gal'na,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed April *>-stmr
Reporter, for Cooks Inlet.
Arrived April &-3: mr St Paul, from Oyster
Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April JO-Schr R W
Eartlett. tor Port Madlscn.
TACOMA— Arrived April 20— Schr Sequoia,
from San Diego; schr Wlnslow. from San
Pedro.
Sailed April 17— Nor stmr Leander. for 'Vladi
vostok.
GRAT3 HARBOR— Arrived April 10— Stmr
Newburg, hence April 17.
Sailed April 19-Schr OttlHl* Fjord, for Ka
bului.
FORT BRAOO— Arrived April KV-Stmr Se
quoia, hence April Id; stmr Xoyo. heac* April
1».
CASPAR— Arrived ArrtJ SO— Stmr C!*o&«. hnc
Arm n.
PORT LOS AN'GELES-Arrtved April t3—
6tmr Whltesboro, from .
EVERETT-Salled April 19— Bark Oakland.
for Honolulu.
BOWEX3 LANDING— Arrived April 10— Schr
Newark, hence April 19; schr Mary Etta, hence
April 13.
Sailed April 20— Schr Corinthian, for Ean
Fr»ndsco.
EUREKA— Arrived April IJ— Stmr Straol. hne
April IS; stmr North Fork. henc« Asrtl 13.
April 20— Stmr Pomona, hene* April 13; stmr
Fulton, hence April 13.
Sailed April 19— Stmr Sawo, for San Fran-
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April JO— Bark Alex
McNelll.- frw Port Blakeley.
. NEWPORT— SaiIed April 20— Star Westport.
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 20— Stmr Cblum
bta. hence April 13.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed April 10— Schr Halcyon.
tor Eureka.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April ZO-Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— Arrived April I>— Bt stasr
Mlowera. from Sydney.
NAN ATMO— SaiIed April 13— Stmr Mlneota,
for Port Los Angeles.
TALCAHUANO—Arrived— Or stmr Ltaor.
from Hambunr. for San Francisco.
LONDON— In port April 7— Br ship Sprlag
burn. for San Francisco^
BATA VIA— SaiIed April 11— Er ship Spring
bank, for Newcastle. An*, for San Franelscou
MA ZATLAN— Arrived Feb s— Ger bark Mar
tha Bockisan. from Hamburg-, via Aeapotco.
ALT ATA— Ready for sea April 14— Dar.ish.
bark Julio.
LA PAZ— In port April 13— V 3 ftmr Rang»r.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived March 13—Br ship
Marlon Fra!«er. from Hamburg. March 23— Br
fhlp Rallachultsh. from Newcastle. Aus: Br
¦htp rwchbar.k, fmra Hambonr. via Falklan.l
Islands. Asril 9— Er ship Iverna. from New
castle. Aus. April 11— Br ship Llttleneld. from
London. April *— Haw skip Hawaiian Isles,
from Com ox. Airrtl 7— Schr Zampa. he^nce
March 22. to sail about April 20. for Grays Har
bor. April 18— Br ship Alexander Black, from
Newcastle: Br ship Tarana. from Cardiff.
OUATMAS— Tn port April 17— Schr Reporter.
Arrived April .9— Schr. Lotti* Carson, from
Eureka
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived Aoril 20— Stmr Ems. from
New Ycrtc
CHERBOURG— Sailed April' 2o— Stmr Faerst
Bismarck frcm Ramtanr. for New Tr»rk.
1 BOSTON— Arrived Arrtl 23— Stmr New Eng
land, fr^in Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Arrived April 20— Stmr Frleder-
Ich. from New York, via Plymouth.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed April » — Star
Fuerst Bismarch. from Ramburz. for New
York, via Cfcerboun.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
1127. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; thre«-y ear-olds; purse. $43).
Time— %. :24U: H. :«: *i. 1:1« H. Oood start. Wen easily, second aad third driving. Wtnnwr.
C. E. Dura ell's b. g., by Imp. Wagner-Miss Hlght. Mud must be Hogan' s long suit.
Mountebank quit. McGee could not va track, himself. Scratched— Fllle dOr 97. Bagdad 93.
Candlelight II 102. Hindoo Princess 100.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must-be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
1124. SECOND RACE— MiIe and as elxfcth; hurdle; selling: 3-year-olds and up; purs*. $*»
MAERIAGE LICENSES
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John McCarthy. 25, city, and Catharine Lee.
25, city. •
Julien A. Fieulie. J7, 777 Market street, and
Julie Combatalade, ,23. 1231 Stockton street.
Denis E. Hayes. 29, 2S Belcher street, and
Mary J. Mullane, 25, 3$ Belcher street.
Joseph Cazette. 31. 911 Pacific street, and
Rose Genehes, 23. city.
Philip Braun. 47. 3342 Twenty-sixth street,
and Marcaretha Breyer, 40. 3342 Twenty-sixth.
William L. McClellan. 22, city, and Alice J.
Rodrers, 20, city.
George R. Stiles, 25. 127 Hermann street, and
Beatrice E. Siml. 18. 481 Oreen street.
James Henderson, 29, city, and Margaret M.
Byrne, 22, city.
Clarence J. McClellan. 20, Oakland, and
Louise M. Schmidt. 20, city.
Thomas A. Vogel, 27, city, and Ethel F.
Toung, 24. city.
lrae— M :26; *i. sOft: «4. 1:174. Bad start. Won first thr«e driving. Winner. E. F. Smith 1 *
b. c. by imp. Foul rfhot-Retta. Artllla could have won on a dry track. Winner Is no won
der. Others of little account. Scratched— My Dear 108. Goldflnder 137. Miss Soak 106. Nettle
Clark 105.
A., beloved daughter of Bridget and the late
Patrick Rlordan. and sister of P. T. Klordan
and Mrs. J. B. Carrere. a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 3 months . and 19
days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 611 L street, corner of Seventh avenue
south, thence to All Hallows" Church, where
a mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing- at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April 19. 1900, Elise
Schneider, beloved wife of Louis Schneider,
mother of Louis, August, Carl and Freld-
rlch Schneider, and sister of Mrs. XV. Haupt.
' Jacob J. Klotr and the late Mrs. A. Ehr-
hardt,- a native of Osthelm. Hessen-Darm-
ptadt. Germany, aged 33 years 7 months and
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence, 2410 Polk street, between Union and
Filbert. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage. •
SHANNON— In this city, April 19. 1900, Matilda
Sarah, wife of J. N. Shannon, and sister of
J. H. Dawson, a native of Brooklyn. Long
Island, aged 37 year 3.
IC7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from 813 Golden
Gate avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:43 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets
SHARP— In this city. April 20. 1900. Eliza
Melgs, beloved wife cf the late William H.
Sharp, and mother of Mrs. Mary C Ware
and William 8., Rayner, Fanny L., George
L., May V. and Everett Sharp, a native of
Durham, Conn. (Augusta, (5a., papers please
copy.)
£7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at" 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton street, near Fillmore. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
VIDOVICH— In this city, April 19, 1900, Stella,
beloved daughter of Annie and the late
Markco Vidovlch, and sister of Annie, Peter
and Charles Vidovlch. a native of Calif or-
nla. aged 1 year 9 months and 23 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 704 Folsom street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WATKINS— In this city, April 20. ISOO, Rich-
ard Cluff, beloved son of Margaret Watkins,
a native of Ireland, aged 17 years and 7
months.
R7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 3715 Twentieth street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car
from Twentieth and Guerrero streets.
PERSONALS.
- "~^ ~ " r ' r ri '" ir rr ' '" '¦¦¦'¦-"- i
HELLO. George. All Is O. K. KATE.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
y*arr- experience. J. n. RAY, 3^7 Jessie st.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, varicose veins..
tiervouF rroftraticn. insomnia: If sick see this
wonaTfully gifted healer. 1343 Howard et.
Mlp SHEI.nON-. chiropodist and business ad-
vice, (u-iu Market st.. second floor, room 27.
CEbEBEB*fI Quintor.tca hair tonic really beau-
Ufles the hair, Cc bittle: Lederrr'n Fcamo
i-Hampoo ocgackage: lfi gr^at. 123 Stockt<yv
MUP. DR. L. BUP.GER. late matron of Or-
tr.an Hospital. N. V.. specialist for bladder,
ksdr.ey. skin diseases* and cancer: offlce K-6
Fourth st. A testimonial: Wm. Oeterh'tld. Pan
Matw C>rphan Asylum, says: -I bad cancer on
»r.y Irfi ir p. I was treated by Mrs. Burger.
Fourth st.. trl certify that I was cured
«n a short time. Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
ANEW place to have your hair dressed stylish-
ly; t=p*clal this week. I've; shampooing. 2<V;
»»ltrhe« made frcm your own hair. 75c: open
•'voninc-s; Sundays, from ft.rn.tn 12. f>7
Market et., corner Blxth; parlors 112-113.
I.TriERnR restores gray hair to its natural
color for II £0 to S5; uses Bcheffler's Colorine.
Tie box: the very latest hair styles only 25c.
IT3 Stockton ex.
PUITS en easy Installments from lmncrted or
•^n;<--ft><- remnants. One Price Tailoring Co..
t£2 Kearr.y st., bet-ween Sacramento and Call-
fore Is_
EF-ECTRIC lights tn exery room: Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third et.. near Market; 100 rooms;
t'c to R CO per eight; $1 £0 to 55 per week;
tree 'b-js and b&ggsge to and from the ferry.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 frcm Imported cr do-
Yresric remnants. L. LEMOS. Ul7 Market St..
fefttwata Seventh and Eighth.
? T.LED cr waved hair can be quickly ob-
• ¦¦-¦.'. i-v using Talcott's Curling Fluid; 25
c-nts bottle.
CAST-OFT clothlnr, old geld ar.d silver bought;
zmr ni p^'al. COLEMA.VS, £06 Kearny st.
FINT: tailoring, dye'.ng. cleaning and repairing;
f.::? made to order: fit guar. 2 Eighth st.
G D. MORSE, photographer. 260« Pacific aye..
Ix-Ttveen Pi»rce aad Scott; phone Eteiner 2331.
FTAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
I.N. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden ft.. Oakland.
¦ - wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
_ - ¦ - csV. or. B. Cchen. 157 Third; tel. B'.ack 4123.
LADIES' KOd gents' cast-off clothing bought er.i
ftlverman. BS4 Folscm; tel. Folsom 119 L
ALASKA fur psnr.ents. hoods, mitts, leather
-p.its. H. M. HEINEMAN.*IO9 Sar^jme st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
f A^RIITCE^New~J-rocrn, S-stery house; lot
:•: S-M. v 0; with cMcken house, etc; suitable
fr>r fiat*: must be sold; make an offer: $:000
r >?«. SHAPBURXE, Clt Sacramento st.
BARGAIN— For sate, fin- sur.=y residence, 11
ri-cn-.*. bath, attic and basement; modern;
r^rfect order: grand Mew; large let S0xll4;
?"lectr-.c cars; might exchange in part for
srra!>r hcus- or good lot. Address D. J.
MfRPHT. f^ California et.. rooms 80 and n.
».-'• X— OFFER wanted: £W. comer Poet and
L,-cr. sts.: 6tore with S rocrns and cottage;
lot r?iT2:6 f»*t. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO..
EC Market rt.
HAVE you reel estate In the Mission cr Hor-
rer'e Addition that you wish to dlsposs of
'.her\ <-a! 1 en XV. J. GUNN. tS9 California «t.
REAL. ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
THE Esparto Colony f anrs In the Capay Valley
country should b« locked after at once, as this
Is the time cf the year to arrange for tree and
vine p!ant:r.g; farms range In sire from 10 to
40 acres end now sold to Induce Immediate
sxtlcn at low prices aad «a#y terms: bome-
sw-kcrs m-JH never regret securing one of these
hemes; DO malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (in-
cludlng !.'»..•. school); macadamized roads: 2
railroad traine daily from San Francisco;
»ater fcr Irrigation when desired; superior to
Fcuthern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
ir.g t-outhera California experts ; these lands,
with the superior coils and all ether advan-
tages named, will be cold at prices far below
tfcnee aiited '.n localities hitherto considered
urs&rprcachable In excellence; there Is no more
icOepeudest life than the sraall diversified
farmfr's; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying, annu-
a:iy as much as $100 per acre: you can leave
Francisco en I a. m. train, have J or 4
tcurs. et Esparto, aad back to Ean Francisco
early the rarse eve=ls.g; you will find an agent
tt Hctel Barnes. Esparto, to enow you the
lar.ds. CDTctr.snlcate by letter with GEO. D.
FI.tKE. Woodlar.d. Cal. j
ACCUTtATE persons! knowledge— each of the I
SOTO ranches on cr SALE and EXCHANGE j
list.
N. D. EICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
lfl Geary tt.
TO r-r.t— till r*r rear: 13 acres: Itt ttory 7- j
rpDm hous»; barn: chicken hou««: situated In- I
f'.^.e city IJrritg r,no C. TOUNG. Petaluraa. j
RANCH TO RENT
FOR r»r.'.— :2 p.cres cf fir.ely cultivated orchard
arl house cf S roorii: all modem Improve-
ments; would be suitable for rummer board-
ir.g place; rer.t reasonable. Address DR.
CONTtATV ri€ Geary rt.
KOSS STATION REAL ESTATE.
r.npp VALIET villa lots 5-">xlso, t3on to $500; j
gcoi rtrainag-e: fine view; San Rafael water j
system; l ft minutes' xraik tv-m Ross Ftation: I
F-prtaklfl road*. Apply P. ROP?. Tamalpais i
Btmtlon. rr C. H FTANTAN. II Market. S. F. i
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CAT.rFCRNIA.~^23^2~or S sunny furnished
rr.cn>s; ilsM housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
. e:ences exchanged: private family.
EDDT. 2^— <~*ne large front room complete for !
. houwl.e-p'.r.g; also ethers; gas, bath; quiet;
cheap.
FC>L C OM. *C< — Large, sunr.y, bay-window room
Knd kt?rh«*c. clcs'ts. bath, everything private,
<•¦': aicerc 114 month.
GEARY. 1"".:— 4 unfurr.lE^ed sunny rooms; par- j
lor Cccr: bath; referf-nce.
CBpVE. B*#-2 fam'.shed housekeeping rooms
to lot cheap.
HOWARD, 7?r-i— Nicely r-jrr.ished runny bar- !
window; other rooms; rr.6.n and wife; mod- !
'rate. v. T-: .-¦
JE.^PIE. C 23, eff Seventh— 2 rooms; light house-
. keeping; cheap r>cr month.
KKARNV. 2C3, r.<*ar Putter— A front suite, $12;
ras. jar.'.tr.r *f-rvic«* free. Apply 15 Grant aye. |
LEAVENWORTH. ICS— 3 conr.<»ctlr.g rear base-
mer.t unfurnished rooms; bath; rent $10.
LKaVKNWORTH. i:.l— 2 or 5 rocms. furnished
or unfurnl*fced. for housekeeping.
IIARKKT. :.:s— Lerg* room aad kitchen. fold-
Ing bed. Ps» 4 small rrwrr-s unfurnished. $10.
MISSION. 2133 — Two sunny rooms for bcuse- i
...keeping purposes. j
OAK. 119— Sunny parlors furnished for house- i
keeping-; range, runnicg water; two beds; $14;
one room. f-5. I
OCTAVIA. 14C3. eer. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window; closets, gaa etove. mantel; $10.
OTARRELL. 742-Nicely furnished, sunny par-
l'.r Ccr; 2 to 5 rocir.s; bousekpg. or otherwise.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch efflce. 2200 Fillmore.
PRIVATE family desires tenants for 3 nicely
furnished connecting rooms. eofr.cWe * or
> - uf-ekecplng; very reasonable. Box 4625, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmor*.
A BRANCH <-:iVe fcr the reception of adver-
tisements acd subscriptions has been opened
et 1222 Polk st. ; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH cfSre for Call advertisements and
sub?crlpUc=s has been established at 10S« Va-
lencia »?¦
ROOSIS TO LET — Fora, and Cnfn.rn.
A^-BRUNSWIcI«rTIOUSEC"' ~iit Sixth— Rooms
ISc to $1 per night; $1 ii to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. -
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 824 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; S4 rooms; all price*.
BURNETT. 142« Market st. <old No. 1364>— Fur-
cifhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 706 (St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished: housekeeping room*.
CAKIiOLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
sve. — eunny corner; well furn.; nns. & offices.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly fnrnlsh-
< i room*; suites or single; travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely furn.
front room: water; private: gent.; reasonable;
GIIAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
end' Uifcston ets. — Sunny rocms, en suite or
einsie; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; tl SO to $8 per week.
HANOVER House. £27A Howard— Changed
hands; r.ewly renovatejj; bousekpg. and sing.
HOWARD, 7C4— Finely furnished sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping.
HOWARD. S»— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to SI night; cJ«o housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN. 7JT7. near Ellis— Newly furnished
front room; $€; private family: no children.
LCK'UST aye.. 125, eff Van Nes*. near McAUls-
trr st.— Neat furnished room for two persona.
MARKET. 7Cs— Nicely furnished rooms; suite
and single; day, week cr month.
MINNA. **2'i. near Fifth— Nice, sunny double
room to let.
MINNA, C 67. cor. Kl^hth— New furnished bay-
window room. II per week; transient.. .
IIIBSIOX; SS7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
iurciibed; tmt reasonable. FLICK. Prep.
ROOMS TO LET — l'nrn. and Infnrn.
OTARRELL, 20— Sunny fuTO!Vh^d~lrcolnT"and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ORLANDO House. SS3 Howard, cor. Slxthi-
funny rooms; prices to gult; open night.
rOSI. 41S, near Powell— Sunny furnished
rooms, with bath; gulte or single. ¦:*' -
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
Fuite* cr singles : running water; gaa; reas.
POWELL, €17— Nicely furnished suite; use of
kitchen; no children.
P.OSKDAL.E House. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 2Cc to Jl; week, U 25 to $4: open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12S Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading rc-m. smoking room nnd ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. SCc to $1 50: week, $2
to IS; month. $S to $2'>: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot find cold water: baths.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor St.. near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; clevatorl new
furniture: hot and cold water; radiators; salt
«ea baths: suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth Bt..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, IS (over Pup Rotisserle) — Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to S3O.
THK Artor. 11S8 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, suites; trans' t.
THE OAKS 119 Third— A irood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TWO unfurnished rocms with running water;
rent reasonable. Apply 51 Natoma st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 123 Polk gt.; open until f p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at ¦ 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
A— SELECT bearding; attractive rooms: mod-
ern house: refined surroundings and neighbor-
hood: superior table: nicely served; conveni-
ent to cars: ttro gents or husband and wife;
references exchanged; terms moderate. A. 8..
box 2C-4, Call.
A— FIP.ST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms; nrst-class
table: prices moderate; 2 car lines pass notel;
eleviter; telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
st. : corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
THE schm!edel Mansion, SE. cor. Post and
L?avenworth — High-class boarding-house;
sunny rocms. with private bath; fine lawn;
table a specialty; inferences.
BELGRAVIA Hctel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-wir.dow rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable. ¦-:¦
BUSH. 1105— Two large elegantly furnished
rooms: 2 persons i:.5; 1 535; billiards.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
cuites and e!cgle rms.: tunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
har.ds: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market ft.— Suite of J or S
rms.: private; bath: *in. rms.: board optional.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply Twen-
ty-fourth ar.d Florida sts.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: t2O.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES-^FETER FREILiNQ'S pile salve," riper
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
ltch!n», external, internal cr protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
etardlcg. 162S Devlsadero it., near .Butter.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage cf E2O Leke st. has received the
following orphan and hafl-orphan girls frjra
January 1 to March 31. 1900: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marion V.
Crane, aged S years: Mary Woodd. aged 10
years € months; Ella M. Hunaker-Engler.
aged 9 years S months; Mabel Pozzi. aged 11
year*; Ellse Pcggi, aged 9 years 4 months;
Ethel Marion Gould, aged t years; Mabel
Benbow. L.ged 11 years; Lulu Rentschler.
eged 6 v&ars 5 months.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6^o.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting d^-ne. Hartrr.an Paint Co.. »19 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought. *old: machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 143 6th:phcne Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, excharged. rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-'rODOLPH ' Storage and Moving CoT
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany.- 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SI.
BEKINS Van «r.d Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South K5: packing, movlnsr and storage.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease — All or part of vacant property: 95x
160: en Mission et.. near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner, box 3109. Call.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
ALL makes cf standard typewriters from J23
to J45: guaranteed: send fcr samples of work.
L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery tt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
fSOO— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street: 3 blocks from
Ftation and school; terms UOO cash, $13 per
month.
tlSOO— New modern cottage; S rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and school; JlOO cash, $20
per month.
IIGOO cash — To close an estate; worth S2000;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000:
no money down; easy monthly payments: or
will exchange for lot: this is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st
$3200 WILL build a new modern house of 8
rooms- and bath, gas, cement walk, all com-
plete, together with lot E0 ft. front, between
the railroads ($3200). J. H. YOUNG, builder,
1243 Park st.
ON account of Immediate departure, will sac-
rifice on easy term*, ideal home, 8 rooms,
reception hall, finished basement, summer-
house, lawns, large grounds. IK2 Broadway.
LOT £Cxlso; bouse "cf 8 rooms and small stable
for f ale or exchange. Address 7C68 Guerrero
street.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Tall, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI,
portage paid.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
{-ROOM house; barn and chicken house at-
tached: in Alameda; a pleasant home. Inquire
IQH Eighth tt.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house of 8 or 9 rooms: large
grounds; convenient to station. Box 4635, Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
IIERKELEV RX3AL ESTATE.
BARGAIN Investment property — 1 block frora
univettlty grounds; new S-room modern house:
all latest Improvements; large lot: beautiful
niarine view; price 14500; $SCO cash, balance to
suit; this property will rent readily for $43
per month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorin. atk for RUDOLPH & PERKINa
8-ROOM modern house; rood well, windmill and
tank; 2 blocks frcm station and electric cars;
Urge stable; lot 50x125: nice garden and fruit
trees: price $2200; 1200 cash, balance $20 month-
ly; this property will rent for $20 per month.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station.
ai>k fcr RUDOLPH A PERKINS.
ALMOST new modem cottage— 6 rooms, bath
pantry; nice, large front porch; lot (oxl20 •
near station school, stores; price $1400- only
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly. Take Berkeley
train, get eff at Lorin and ask for RUDOLPH
& PEKKINS.
SNAP— Nice 3-room cottage; large lot; cloee to
etaticn. electric cars, school, stores etc •
Vrfce $7»; »100 cash, balance $15 monthly!
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station
ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS. __"
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND Heights— Fine new modern colonial
bouse of 8 rooms; Just finished: everything up
to date: built by day's labor; will be sold for
cash or on easy payments at 23 per rent less
than lot and house could be duplicated for*
see this If you want a home. JAMES S.
NAISMITH. Alt Ninth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALei.
JLS introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 1M <50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the cempany.
127 Market st.. on and after Tuesday, May 1,
1900. Transfer .books will close on Wednesday,
April 25. 1300, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. D. K. GIBSON, Acting Secrat&rz.
1123. FIRST RACE— Six furlones; maidens: three-year-olds and upward: parse, $*»•
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER CO.. 126 Market St..
Ean Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
nf assessment levied on the Sth day of March.
1300, the several amounts eet' opposite the
names cf the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No,
Name— Certificate. Share*. Amount.
John r>. Spreckels.. 1 33,313 1-3 1993 40
Chas. A. Hug. 7 20 «0
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. ISOO, co many shares of each parcel of
Fuel) as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company. 22J Market street. San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April. 1900, at 3
p. m. of such day. to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market st.
Discharge of California Rivers.
TO ARWVEL
Steamer Movements.
AMERICANS RIDE DEAD HEAT.
Little Reiff "Wins the Run-Off From
Sloan at Ne-wrnarket.
LONDON, April 20.— The American Jock
eys continued their triumphs at Newmar
ket to-day. The second welter handicap
of 103 sovereigns for three-year-olds and
upward was won by The Nipper, ridden by
Sloan. Levaros, with L. Reiff in the sad
dle, finished third.
The double trial plate was won by R.
Sherwood's Rlpplestam filly, piloted by
Martin. Reiff again finished third in thi3
event on Lord Ellesmere's Encombe.
The flylngr handicap of 200 sovereigns for
three-year-olds and upward resulted in
a dead heat between Edge and Myakka,
the former ridden by Sloan and the latter
by J. Relff. When the tie was run off My
akka won.
The Rosy Red colt won the selling plats
of 103 sovereigns. Broken Melody, with
Sloan up, was second and the Hawk "Weed
colt, ridden by Martin, was third.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Nathan and Flora A. Blbo to Herbert E.
Law. lot on E line of Van Ness avenue. 105
N of Chestnut street, N 32:8 by B 103 (quit
claim deed): 110.
Samuel XV. and Georglana C O. Halladay to
Jane H. Hearfield. lot on XV line of Gough
utreet. 65:9 N of Greenwich. N 33:3. W 165. N
107. W 12S, SE 148. E 273 (quitclaim deed); *10.
Flora and Isaac Baer (by commissioner) to
Atlas Building and Loan Association, re
record 1760 D. 13. lot on S line of Haight street,
106:S W of Stelner, W 25 by 3 137:8; J6545.
Atlas Building and Loan Association to Mi
nerva D. Kellogsr. lame; $4600.
City and County of San Francisco to Ameri
can Bank and Trust Company, lot on NW cor
ner of Grove and Scott streets, W 137:8, N 124:8
SW 141, 3 104; .
Antolne and Grade Borel (by attorneys) to
Edward Malley. lot on E line of Lyon street.
56:2 S of Greenwich. S 65:1, E 110:3^. N 65:1.
XV 108 :3H; also lot on NE corner of Filbert and
Lyon streets, N 55:1 by B 113:3%; also lot on
NW corner of Filbert and Baker streets. X 60
by W 100: also lot on W line of Baker street.
60 8 of Greenwich, S 150 by W 100; also lot on
B line of Greenwich, street. 100 XV of Baker.
XV 60 by 8 137:6: also lot on S line of Green
wich street. 150 W of Baker. XV 60 by 8 137:1;
$10.
Estate of John H. Balrd (by Veronica C.
Balrd and Ebenezer Scott, trustees) to Thomas
R. Turner, lot on X line of Halght street, 71
E of Central avenue (Lott street). W 7? N
137:6. X 93:2. S 139:1H: J3C23.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to same, lot on N
line of HaiKht street, 72 E of Lott. E 40:8 by
N 137:6; $10.
Thomas R. and Annie L. Turner to Sable
Batchelder (wife of H. P.). lot on E line of
Central avenue (Lott street), 120 N of Halght.
N 7:6 by E 112:6; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Clotilda F.
Lippert (wife of William Lippert). lot on 8
line of Waller street, 71 W of Pierce, W 24 by
S S5, block 3, Marlon Tract (Hospital lot); $10
Rose A. Corr (by H. S. Martin, late Sheriff)
to R. J. Graf, lot on NW line of Market street.
310 NE of Noe. NE 60. NW 118. X 7:7. XV 75.
SE 169:514: also lot on SW corner of Sixteenth
and Pond streets. S 103:6 by W 30: $S2L
William H. Nolan to Margaret Nolan (wife)
lot on E line of Hampshire street, 222:8 S of
Twenty-first. S 25 by E 100: $10.
James F.. Edwin H., Robert William and
Mary McPaniel to Walter I. Tobln, lot on NW
corner of Twenty-fcurth and Fair Oaks streets,
W 117:6 by N 72; $10.
Walter I. and Mary E. Tobln to William L.
Dolan. lot on XV line of Fair Oaks street, 43
X of Twenty-fourth. X 24 by XV 90: $10.
Fame to John C. Kertlck, lot on NW corner
of Twenty-fourth and Fair Oaks streets, W
SO by X 24: $10V • ¦
Charles C. and Kate M. Merrill . to William
and Annie Linden, lot on N line of Twenty
fourth street, 75 W of Vlcksburg, XV 25 by X
T M.' 3 and Minnie G. James to Leah T. Mott.
lot on X line of Army street, 160 E of Sanche*.
E 26 by N 114: $10.
Philip and Margaret Pfelffer to Pasquale
Clrimele and Francisco Sllvestrl. lot on W line
of Kearny street, 67:6 N of Vallejo, N 20 by
Thomas Morris to Edward M. Dunbar. lot on
SW line of Beale street, 162:6 SE of Folnom.
EE 18 by SW 57:6. and Interest In 8-foot alley
on SE line of lot; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
William J. OXonnell (owner). W. A. Hicks
(contractor), architect D. M. Stanley— All work
except gaa fixtures for a 2-story- and basement
frame building on N- line of California street,
45 E of Tenth avenue, E 25 by X 100, OL 80;
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the helsht of tide is the same at both places.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographla Office. V. S. N., Mer-
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
April 2». 1500.
The time ball on the tower of th» new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of th<» 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge,.
Shipping Intelligence.
112 S. SIXTH RACE — One mile and a sixteenth: four-year-olds and up; selling; pursa, $400.
Time— l-1«. :C6K: 8-I*. *-!3U: 9-18. :59»4; 13-18. l:26»i: mile. 1:47; 1 l-15m. 1:54. Bad start. Won
easily, second and third driving. Winner. E. Lloyd & Co.'s br. g.. by Fabulous- Punnle.
Going Just to fancy of winner. Acrobat slow beginner. Dr. Berr.ays caught la raie at
start. Scratched— lmp. Mistral II 113, Lou Rey 10«, De Blaise 112. La Franca 103. Twtnkla
Twlnk 105.
DIED.
Bailey. James McK. Kirkpatrtck, Kath-
Barton. John erine
Briston. Florence McKenna, Malcolm
Brunschwiler. Arthur Mahon. Grace A.
Byrne, Ellen L. MAfiun. Katherine
Byrne, Mary J. Moody, Joseph L.
Canney, Mrs. Nllson, Helmar
Coakley, Maggie Pacheco. John L
Czlnger. Antonette Rlordan. Lizzie A.
Doran, Michael Schneider, Ellse
Fisher. Mabel C. Shannon. Matilda S,
Hennessy, Wm. J. Sharp. Eliza M.
Hickey. Josephine Vldovich, Stella
Jones. Henry B. Watkins, Richard C
Lynch, David
BAILEY— In Alameda, April SO. 1900. James
McKnicht. beloved husband of Eunice Per-
kins Bailey, a native of Jackson, Mich., e.ge<l
II years and 5 months.
BARTON— In this city, April 19. 1900, John Bar-
ton, a native of Leicester, Mass., aged E6
years 7 months and 6 days. ¦¦
C3^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Saturday),
at 3 o'clock, at bis late residence, the Palace
Hotel. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by 3:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
Bend streets.
BRISTON— In Los Gatos, April 20. 1900, Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of the late Ellen Bris-
ton, and sister of Harry, Clarence, Frank
and George Briston, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 11 months and 7 days.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
BRUNSCHWILER— In this city. April 20, 1900,
Arthur A. Brunschwiler. dearly beloved son
of Joseph and Caroline Brunschwiler, and
brother of Lillle, Daisy and Joseph Brun-
Echwiler Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged
18 years and 5 months.
BYRNE— In this city. April 19, 1900, Ellen I*
Byrne, relict of the late James Byrne, and
beloved sister of Frank J. and Mary A. Grif-
fin, a native of New Orleans.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence. 2Tii Pine street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rerose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BYRNE— In this city, April 20. 1900. Mary J..
, beloved wife of Jamea Byrne, mother of Dan-
iel and Frank Byrne, and sister of Patrick.
Annie and the late Edward and Winnie Fee-
ley, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 45 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her tate resi-
dence, 9 Beideman street, off Ellis, between
Scott and Devlsadero. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CANNEY— In Ean Jose. Cal.. April 19. 1900.
Mrs. Canney, beloved wife of the late James
Canney, and mother of J. D. and Dr. F. E. J.
Canney and Mrs. E. , J. Ward, a native of
New Hampshire.
COAKLEY— In this city, April ». 1300. Maggie
Coakley, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
ared £3 years.
ETFt-iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 258 Stevenson street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CZINGER— In this city. April 19, 1900, An-
tonette, beloved daughter of Joseph and
Antonette Czinger. and sister of Mrs. Mary
Bindas of Cleveland. Ohio, and Joseph. Vic-
toria and George Czlnger, a native of Cleve-
land. Ohio, aged 6 years 10 months and 6
days.
DORAN— In this city. April 19. 1900, Michael
Doran. a native of Ireland, aged S4 years.
FISHER— In this city. April 19. 1900, Mabel
Cloudman Fisher, beloved daughter of J. W.
end the late Mabel A. Fisher, a native of
Francher Creek, Fresno County, Cal., aged 3
months.
ETTrlends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend 'the funeral to-morrow
(Sundaj*), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her aunt. Mrs. William W. Freeland, 1427
Hanchez street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HENNESSY— In this city, April 20, 1900. at the
residence of his parents. 1505 Clay street,
William J.. beloved son of Richard and Maria
Hennessy. and brother of Percy R., Marlon A.
and Aileen M. Hennessy. a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 3 months and 1 day.
HICKEY— In this city, April 20, 1900, Jo-
sephine, beloved wife of John M. Hlckey,
and mother of V:elet. Loretta and Franc
Hickey. a natlva of Massachusetts.
CTNoiice of funeral hereafter.
JONES— In this city, April 19, 1300. Henry Ben-
jamin Jones, a native of New Orleans, La.,
aged S3 years 1 month and 17 days.
KIRK PATRICK— In this city, April JO, 1300
Katherine, beloved wife of the late Alfred
Klrkpatrick, mother of Alfred Klrkpatrick,
and grandmother of Alfred Klrkpatrick, a
native of Lovlngsport, Ind.. aged £0 years
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and^2s Fifth
etreet. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city. April 20. 1900, David,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Lynch, and
father of Edmond D., Joseph, David and
Roele Lynch, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged £3 years.
McKENNA— In this city, April 20. 1900, Mal-
colm M. McKenna. beloved son of Joseph
and Mary McKenna, and brother of Herbert
McKenna, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 8 months and 13 days.
MAHON— In this city, April 20. 1900, at 2
Hyde place, Grace Agnes, beloved daughter
of Frank A. and Agnes G. Mahon, a native
of Ean Francisco, aged 5 years.
MAHON— In this city, April 19. 1900, at her
residence, 200« Washington street. Katherine
beloved wife of Frank Mahon. sister of Mrs
Joseph Pescla, and daughter of the late Mylee
D. and Susanna K. Sweeny, a native of Phila-
delphia.
ETA requiem mass will be celebrated this
day (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, at St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue. Funeral pri-
vate. Kindly omit flowers.
MOODY— In this city. April 20. 1900. Joseph
Ledlie Moody, a native of Columbiana. Ohio
aged 72 years 10 months and IS days. '
ETFuneral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers. - . ¦ "
NILSON— In this city, April IS. UOO. Helmar
Nllson. a native of Sweden, aged 45 yean A
member of Court Bay City No. 11. F. of A
CXFflends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy etreet. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PACHECO— In San Rafael. March 29, 1300,
John I. Pacheco. husband of Julia Pacheco
(nee Tanforan). father of. Frances Pacheco
son of the late Mrs. Loretto Velasco, and
brother of Salvador, Ramon, Aucuato and
Germeslndo Pacheco and Mrs. C C. Valen-
cia.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence In San Rafael, thence to St. Raphael's
Church, where a requiem high macs will be
celebrated for the repose of bis soul. Inter-
nment at. San Rafael. , ,
RIORDAN— In this city, April 19, 1900, Liz els
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
/ 17 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 187.
rCNEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
R Mortimer, N V
Mrs Mortimer. N V
Miss Mortimer. N V
W Mortimer. N V
Miss Alboa. N V
P Lorillard Jr. N V
Mrs P Lorillard Jr. NY
P Lorillard 111, N V
J Schalnar, N V
G H Christy. Pa
H G Bond. S Clara
J H Henry, S Jose
Mrs C E Chlpman, S J
J Hatch. San Jose
Mrs Hatch. San Jose
A D Levy. N V
F H Green. San Rafael
C O Woodburn, Sacto
Mrs Woodburn. Sacto
H Eaton, Stanford
H J Zayas, Helena
Mrs H Ruinart. Ptld
Mrs E X Bailey. L A
D Jones, .Seattle
P D Hotehklss. N V
Mrs Hotchkiss. X V
DeC Forbes, N V
J H Norton, Los Ang
t R Drake. Tucson
Mrs N T Smith. Cal
*¦: D McKenna, Chgo
llrs McKenna,. Chgo
M C Draper, Chgo
R Kerens Jr. St Louis
Mrs M B Brown. 11l
I S Brown, Illinois
r Teare. Chicago
H E Seal. N V
A R Janett. N V
II D Johnson. Boston
Mrs J E Neal. Ohio
Mrs D MeKlnney, Ohio
P A Sorg, Ohio
VT L Dechart. Ohio
G C Dewey, Wheeling
H T Norris Jr. N V
II X Ellis, Salt Lake
tt" J Lawrence. S Lake
C Hutchins. Brston
R II E Stall. N V
F 1 Pearles, Nevada
B P Barker, Llvermore
B F Kains, Wash
Mrs Kalns. Wash
A J Commins, Ohio
11 G Snow, N V
Mrs Enow, N V
Miss Moran..P Rafael
S V Ryland, Stockton
W S Thompson. S Lake
H M Meyers, Chicago
J A Chanslor, Los Ang
J N Hazard. N V
Mrs Hazard, N V
J G Hazard. N V
J P Hazard, N V
Mlsa E Hazard, N V
Miss M V Hazard. X V
Hiss A Hazard, N V
G West. Salem
Mrs West, Salem
G A Farlow, Boston
Mrs Farlow, Boston
Mrs J C Klrkpatrick.
Michigan
J Kirkpatrtck, Mich
Mrs Klrkpatrick. Mich
Mrs M H G rover. Mich
W P Stoddard. Mass
Mrs Stoddard, Mass
Mrs E Helntzelman.Ms
H J Small. Sacto
J D Reed. S A
Mrs Reed, 8 A
Mrs P Watson, Pasa
Miss F Watson. Pasa
A E Long, Toledo
Mrs Long, Toledo
M N Deane. Mass
G C Deane, Mass
>V A Brewer. S Mateo
Mrs Brewer, S Mateo
1 R Drezel, Newport
Mrs Drexel, Newport
Miss Mason. Boston
W H Melson, N V
R L Taylor. Term
J P Cooper, Texas
H Drukker. N V
M D Woodford, Ohio
Mrs Woodford, Ohio
XV 8 Dewing, Mich
Mrs Dewing. Mich
L N Chapln. N V
Mrs Chapln. N V
D D Calkins, Tacoma
A L Newburg. Chicago
!>lrs NewburK. Chicago
IL King. N V
¦J Hatch. San Jose
Mrs D Keith. San Jose
Mrs J X Ferguson. S J
iW M Mclntcah. Chgo
¦E F Preston, Portola
Mrs Preston. Portola .
J Underwood, Chicago
IE H.A Correa. U V
GRAND HOTEL.
A Livingston & w. Bos
F Fogg. Stanford
L Lahaise, Boston
A L Miller. Cal
G Pelrano. S Jose
J E Little & w. Cal
C A Berdlng. Ferndale
E Whlpple, Decoto
J XV Forsyth, Portland
C E Findham. Chico
R White, Chico
J Green, Salt Lake
T Findlay. Los Ang
E W Blasdale. Cal
O E Williams. Ukiah
H X Stahl, S Jose
J F Conlay. San Jose
T D Fleming-, Ind
F Matteson, S Crua
P L Flanagan, Reno
A E Cheny, Reno
XV Smith & w, Cal
R M Jones. Cal
B Gllger & w, Cal
J M Eaton, Wash. D C
X H Hayes. Wash. D C
C G Fraser, Tuttletown
F L Spencer. Sacto
G L Chapman. L Ang
S Doane. Red Bluff
IK Berry. Montana
F J Williams. Oakland
J D McGllvray. Fpokan
J W Dakahd. Victoria
Miss Bohanan. Detroit
IP L Buxton. Mass
I Hugh Rose, Stanford
|C L Merriam. Stanfd
:II Seely. Arcata
M Greenwald. Arcata
!S D Nesmtth. Boston
O M Thunler & w, Chg
W T Langley, Kan Cty
J XV Brawley, X City
J A Mitchell St Louis
P S Knapp, Portland
T L Compton Colusa
Dr Ruggles, Stockton
Dr Matthews, Sacto
L A Anghes. N Mcx
B Dickinson. Cal
G O Leslie. S Barbara
A D Barham. L Ang
'XV D Buckley. Stocktn
E L Wllhoit, Stockton
Mrs G Anstey, Sacto
[8 S Hall. Sacto
|Dr E Clark & w. Mo
iMlss Earl. Berkeley
S I> Nesmlth, Bcston
NEW WE -TERN HOTEL.
Mrs Graham. Llvermre
D Bird. Seattle
H w Strong, Or
J Harrison. Nev
B J Morey, Coming
P Smith, Bouldln Isld
J Roof. Fresno
R N Parker, Portland
P H Davis. Milwaukee
R S Rust & w. Mo
L Rust. Mo
W J Helms & w. S J
J Hinman, Butte
W J Tlbbetta, Sacto
W B Hunt. Fresno
F H Thompson. Los A
A C Hayes. Chicago
J L Ross. Uktah
BORN.
FISCHBECK— In Alameda. April 13. 1800. to
the wife of S. H. Flschbeck. a son.
GIANNINI— In this city. April 19.- 1900. to the
wife of Henry P. Glanninl. a son.
ISRAELSKY— In this city. April 20, 1900, to the
wife of Leo Israelsky, a son.
EILBER— In this city, April 14. 1300, to the
wife of O. Sllber. a son.
TEWKSBURY— In this city, April 20. 1900. to
the wife of Sidney J. B. Tewksbury, a, son.
WHITE— In this city, April 14. 1300. to the wife
of R. H. White, a son.
CLOSING DAY OF
THE SEASON AT
TANFORAN PARK
Mixed Assortment of Horses
Crossed the Line at
Sunny Odds.
Lady Meddlesome a Clever Winner.
Princess Titania Was Tried and
Failed— Viking Jumped
Into a Purse.
"Getaway day" at Tanforan Park was
celebrated by the defeat of five out of six
favorites, but, to use the descriptive
phrase of General Sir Redvers Buller,
"the talent retired in good order." Ba
vassa was the lone winning choice, while
Garbo, Viking, Lady Meddlesome, Matt
Hogan and Ace came shambling home at
all sorts of prices.
Corrigan's Antilla ruled favorite for the
maiden event, which opened the sport, but
mud never was to her liking and in a
drive Garbo, a 6 to 1 chance, beat her out
two lengths. The start was straggling,
three horses being left at the post, includ
ing Cue, a hot tip.
Durward was sent to the post favorite
for the hurdle number and was fortunate
no doubt to finish third. Viking, another
6 to 1 chance, with Gus "Wilson in the sad
dle, led from start to finish. Lomo led the
favorite out a- length for place honors.
After a number of unsuccessful at
tempts the two-year-old filly Bavassa left
the maiden class. Backed from threes
to 9 to 5 favoritism, she caught Ada N
during the sail to the stand, winning by
a length. Princess Tltanla, which finished
third, was the warmest thing of the day,
her odds being hammered from 3 to 1
She ran into a pocket at the start, ruining
all chance.
In the mile and a sixteenth selling re
cital Lady Meddlesome repeated her vic
tory of a few days ago, only on this occa
sion the stable did not fall to get aboard.
Galloping off in the lead, with Buchanan
in the saddle, the mare reached the wire
two lengths ahead of Scotch Plaid, the 6
to 5 choice. Captive took the short end of
the purse.
Matt Hogan is beyond cavil a "mudder,"
for his effort in the fifth event was a vast
Improvement over a recent attempt. The
ring laid as good as 10 to 1 about him and
he won in stakehorse fashion — on the bit.
The place went to Proclamation, while
the favorite. Joe McGee, could not scare
up a gallop.
Old Ace, a 13 to 1 shot in the ring, boxing
rlove legs and all. made away with the
final race of the day. Trailing Don Luis
to the stretch, he there assumed the front
position and without much effort downed
the favorite. Acrobat, a couple of lengths.
Dr. Bernays, the second choice, got
caught In the barrier as it was released,
never cutting any figure.
Track Notes.
Oakland track will reopen this afternoon
for the final meeting of the raclne season.
An excellent card of events Is offered the
public, -with a $500 handicap as the stellar
feature.
Moody, who rode Maior S In the hurdle
event, was suspended for his effort on the
Jumper.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: purse.
1107 Prestome 99 10S9 Perseos 121
914 Pat Murphy... lll 10?7 Mlsa Mar10n... 116
1032 Chappie 11l 1002 Almendral .... 96
1114 Miss Rowena.. loo (SS2) Leipzig 9«
1039 Bamboulla ....109] 1071 Gusto 103
109S Antolnetta .... 941 910 Clpriano 11l
Second race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds ;
klUbt
111* El Plloto 11l ICSO Andrattus 103
1110 P. Archibald.. US .... M. Simpson.... I<l3
111? Irate 103 HIS Gay. 8r0wn.. .103
1047 Bernota 103 1047 Thornwlld ....105
1110 Billy Ly0n5.. ..101! SSS Kitty Lundy...lO3
Third race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward.
U121) True Blue 113 i .... Honduras 9S
SS7 Tlburon 110| 1035 Good Hope. ...IDS
(1061) Headwater ...110 1063 Alas 97
Mahogany ....113 1108 Pomplno 110
1050 M. Madeline... 971
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; free handicap.
112« Captive 1061 1113 Tha Fretter...lM
1122 Storm King.... 9V 1054 Pat Morrlssey. S?
(1112) Mortgage' M 10M Stiver T0ne. ...101
1113 Opponent 101 1119 Morinel 103
1049 Horton 1061
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: purse.
727 San Venado. ..ll7l 1107 Tlzona 100
1041 None Such 114 1111 Morlnga 114
1113 Formero 1141 1017 Ollnthua ill
1040 L. B. McWhir.lo3((lo73) Croker 113
(1013) Corolla 9S> 1113 Lena 112
Sixth race—One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and up; selling.
1116 Stromo 9S 1111 Casdale 93
1058 Uarda 100 102S Los Medanos.,lol
1122 Montanus 101 IMS Torstna 100
IU7 Glengaber — 101 :">5 Glen Ann 100
(1109) M. Klnsella...loo iW24 Coda 100
894 Ping l(HlO94 El Mldo 93
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Miss Rowena, Baraboulla, Almen
dral.
Second race — Bernota, Irate. Gaylon Brown.
Third race — True Blue. Headwater. Alas.
Fourth race— B. &W. stable, Horton, Storm
King.
Fifth race — San Venado, Fonnero. I*. B. Mo-
Whlrter.
Sixth race— Uaxda. Ping. Los Medanoa,
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART
(Copyright. 1900. €y H. H. Egbert.)
TANPORAJf PARK. Friday. April JO. 1900.— Weather fine. Track sloppy
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL .21, 1900.
1125. THIRD RACE— Four furlong*: maiden two-year-old fillies; purse. MOO.
rime — %. :24; H, :50H- Fair 3tart. Woo easily, second and third driving". Winner. O. Sum
mers' b. f., by Imp. Bassetlaw-Bararla. Bavassa tired at the finish. Princess was cut <3iZ
at start, otherwise would probably have woo. Scratched— Debttlck 104. Lurayo ::*. Opal
Stone- 111
1126. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling-; four-year-old* and up: purs*. MOO
Time— l-1«. :07; 5-l«. :S3: S-16, :J3>4: 13-1«. 1:24*: mile. l:4J«i; 1 1-lSxn. 1:51*4- Oood start. Won
cleverly, second and third driving. Winner. A. Q. Blakely** b. f., by Imp. Meddler-Imp.
Little Lady. Lady Is fre*h and the weight suited. Wyoming quit. Scratched— Catastrophe
lR Einstein 106.
TO SAIL.
It days
13
Time— B:lL Good start. Won eutlr. second and third drirlng. Winner. A. M. Ltnaell'a eh.
g., by Herald-Eileena. Viking was played. Race furnished the same old puzzle.
BACRAMEXTO RIVER AT RED BHTFF~~
I Second Feet.
1 ¦
1539. 1300.
DATE.
April 8 f.4 8.0
April 9 •••••• 8-3 7.8
April 10 8-3 7.5
April 11.... ¦ 8-1 7.5
April 12 8.0 9.6
April 13 7.8 8.7
April 14. ; • I 7.7 8.0
.KIXG3 RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Fe«t.
DATE. I
1893. 1900.
DATE.
„¦¦'-" " I ' I *
April 8 •"•
April 9.....
April 10 •'.
April 11 .......
April 12
April 13 •
April 14
8.4
8.6
8.8
8.7
8.7
8.7
9.0
C.4
6.1
6.5
6.3
6.2
6.2
1.4
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERKDON*
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1539. | 13C0.
April 8 5.T 4.1
April 9 «I 4.4
April 10 «.J 4.1
April U «-0 4.4
April 12 1 «•! . <1
April 13 «2 4 2
April 14 «.4 4.2
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
1 Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1£». I ISOO.
___________——— I T
April 8 ~
April 9
April 10 ~
April 11
April 12
April 13 ~
April 1*
B.S
9.6
9.3
1.0
9.0
8.8
9.0
«.5
«!«
6.9
«.T
6.S
«.7
g
Time Time Time iTim*!
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W t. W H W U W|
11 .
22 ...
a ...
24 ...
23 ...
2<J ...
27 ...
I 3:M 5.0 10:19 0.2 6:41 4.6 i !»:*«) 3.1
I 4:20 4.5! U:« 0.5 1 6:30 SJ)I .1
'L W 1H W [L W [H W|
0:00 2.« »:« 4.7 12:1« 0.7 7:15) 5.2
' l-M 2.0 i 7:03 4.7 1:11 1.4) 7:59! 5.4
'.' 2 : O» 1.3 S:IS 4.J 2:C5 1.3 8:40 5.5
" 2:53 O.« 9:28 4.9 1:52 l.« S:2O 8.9
' 3:43 0.1 10:28 5.0 3:26 1.9 10:00^ «.l
Steamer.
I
From.
I Du*.
Santa Rosa. San Dleso Apr. II
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Apr. Jl
Del N0rte...;... Portland..... Apr. 21
St Paul Oyster Harbor Apr. 21
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Apr. II
Xlmatllla Victoria & Pueet SouadjApr. «
Ylliamook THlamook Apr. 22
Pomona Humboldt lApr. X
Yl'ashtenaw ....ITaeoma (Apr. 12
.North Kork Humboldt ;:..)Avr. U
Coos Bay »• Newport A^r. 13
Aloha Crescent City «...|Apr. 13
City of Rio J... China and Japan „.. Apr. 2<
Australia 'Honolulu Apr. **
Tellus [Oyster Htrbor _.^..|Apr. U
Corona San Diego lApr. 2i
Columbia Portland Apr. »
Algoa JChlna and Japan. Apr. 15
Crescent City... Crescent Oty Apr. £
Bristol lOyster Harbor ~ [Apr. 23
Newburß l«.»ra>-s Harbor !Apr. 26
Robt. AiSamion|Kanaimo fAprt 2S
Bonita (Newport lApr. 27
Point Arena Point Arena lApr. 27
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 27
Queen (Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 27
Curacao ........ Mexico Apr. 27
IK Marlacal....jManzantl2o Apr. £3
State of Cal.... (Portland [Apr. 30
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I PUr.
Bonita Newport 'Apr. 21, 9 amjPler It
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 21. ! pmjPler 2
Walla Wall Vie b Pitt Sd.lApr. 21. l«araiPler 9
Jeanle Cape Nome.. ..[Apr. 21. 2 pm'Center
Thmisher ... Cape Nome.... [Apr. 21. 2 pm .Center
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 23, ltramjPier 1J
State of Cal Portland Apr. 23. 10 amiPt-r 24
Aberdeen .. Puget Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 pm;Pier 1
City Puebla San Dteico Apr. 23. 11 am! Pier 11
Coqullle RviOray* Harbor Apr. *t. 12 mi
Ttllamook . TUlamook Apr. 24, I
Pomona ...: Humboldt Apr. 24. 2pm Pier 9
Arcata. Coos Bay Apr. 24. i; m Plw IS
Aloha Crescent CJty. Apr. 24. 3 pmJPler. 2
Coos Bay... Newport {Apr. Ji. •-• am f'l<r i:
Nip Mam.. Cnlna* Japan! Apr. 23. 1 pmiPMSH
1>»» None.. Oregon Ports. 'Apr. 2*. »am H«- 2^
Albion |Cape Nome....|Apr. «. 12 m|Pler 8
North Fork Humboldt Apr.:*. s» am.Pier 2
Um>tilla ..fVlc & Pgt Sd.lApr. 26. 19 am I Pier 9
Corjna ]San Dle?o jApr. 27, 11 amPler 11
Columbia ..(Portland (Apr. 2*. ManaiPier24
Peru [Panama lApr.-JS, 12 mIPMSS
Index. Hore*. Weight. jSt.
1003 Matt Hoxaa 104 S
1071 Proclamation ICI 2
1103 Morella 97 7
1107 Snnello 99 4
10S3 Ailenna 97 t
1081 Mountebank 10} 1
1107 Chateau 103 f
1065 Joe HcO-e 93 3
E39 Champion Host 97| 9
¦4
_H
i :
t *
« H
I h
S H
tH
4 !
m
%.
1 S
1 1
4 4
7 2
« 1
2 3
6 5
8 4
9
• Str.
1 5
I 1
4 3
« 1
7 3
3 h
s :
« 10
9
Fin.
1 S
2 1
> 1
4 4
5 h
S 2
7 4
» 19
9
i Jock'T.
Amu
(Alexander ....
II Stuart
;MOU3C«
JLcgrue ._
lE&ssinger
{Ranch
Buciianaa .«••
|W. S««
lOp._
19
4
•
15
IS
5-3
T
*-S
VQ
Cl.
9
3
7
4^
4. v
9-J
13
I
150
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. H H X Str.
1103 Vlkln*. 6 14013 1« II II 14
MS Lomo. S IIVS II II II II
9&S Dumard, « 140' 4 31 315 I i) SIS
955 Monlta. a 143 1 420 4 4} 4 W 4SO
(665) Major S. a 142 • .p|^- I S 6
841 Schr*lber. 6..... 182 IX Fell ¦>...-•
Fin.
1 4
I 1
> r>
4 ii
5
| Jockey.
iQ. W1150q....
'Evir.s
IA. Johnaoa...
'McKesaa ....
jMoody
ILenhart
IQp.
.. «
I
8
.. T-I
.. T-l
.. 7-3
C!
9-
9-
ndex. Horse. Age. -Weight. [St. H % \
ICSS Garbo, 3 H4t 1 ... i *fc 14
10OS Artllla, 3 .Akl 1 ... 5J 4 1
1115 March Seven. 3 106 3 ... «H S3
110* Henry C, 5 no 5 ... 72 6 3
IOoS Tourist 11. S 10$ 2 ... SI !J
1106 Palatln*. 3 107 4 3 1 ;u
,si r*^* Dnflf j"- s iot 8 ••• » 1 • *
H0« St. Germain. 3 107 8 ... « U 74
1105 Harry Corby. 4 110 9 ... 9 3 IS
H'J9 Bly, 4 HoilO ... J3 19
.... Rey del Rto, 4 li»| Left
Cue. 3 no] ]>ft ...
10SS Loboslna. 3 IQ5| Left ...
Btn; :
14
3 2
2 h
5 2
4 H
15
7 S
I •
9
Fin.
1 2
22
II
I?
(10
7 «
I 3
I
15
JGlenn
{Buchanan ••-•
O'Brien .~...-
lAmea ...„__.
Mack'.ia
Bassiager ••••
Vo*t
Ranch
Helnson
H. Stoart
-\'*xir.\£? ....
W. Se«
>Lo?ue
iietuns.
'OV. Cl.
11
i» ta
• 10
is co
1 1
19 S>
60 W
1> »
t *
13 1C
[ndei. Horse. Age. Weight. 13t- H *i
1109 Ace. a ~IC7 4 4 J4 1 h
970 Acrobat. 6 107 S 3 S 5 5
1123 Don Luis, 9 11J J 11 12
1117 Raisl-t. 4 101 1 2 1 I H
1073 Graiy. a 119 S 5 5 4 1
1C23 Dr. Berr.ayt. B 112 « « (
\ Str.
Ta l h
55 B %
11 2 2
31 3 1
43 4 3
« «
Fin^
1 i
: h
3 1
4 h
r a
«
I Jockey.
JAmes
(Alexander
!J. Wood«..
'Stuart ....
'Mounce ...
'Buchanan
lOp.
. S
. t-5
- 3
. I
? ID
. 4-»
Cl.
13
7-5
' -9
1
«n
*-5
ndex
[ndex. Horsa. 'Weight. [St.
10S0 Bavassa. 107 i
1104 Ada. N 107 1
1075 Princess Tlt*nU....loB «
10W Glrly Ducat 107 2
19€S Undergrowth .. 104 t
1104 Cartlee 107 9
1080 Sublime 107 10
li»;* Imponent* 104 S
1104 Ada Pox 107 7
1057- Gertie B 113 3
1093 Picklow 108|U
1052 Location 104 M
Horse.
v
...
'.7.
X
JH
1 \
4S
31
i M
• I*
n 4
it t
12
Str.
Fin.
1 1
2 3
3 1
4 1
5 2
• 2
»i
1»5
11 •
12
| Jockey. ['
Basstnger I
W. See..-
Aiaes ~.
O'Brien .......
Moance
Hal 8r0wn....
iOiffney
[Buchanan ....
Hetnson ......
.H. Stuart..—
IJ. ¦Wood*
itiocue
|OP-
I 3
5-2
•
«
23
I
•
I
SO
49
SO
15
<>-s
t-2
Z
15
J}
II
15
12
40
in
Cl
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ISt. hi H__
10S6) Lady lleddles'm. 4.1C0 2 2 1H 11
10S3) Scotch Plaid, t 1C« 8 4 1 4 1
1112) Captive, a 109 5 1 h SI
100S Wyoming, a 110 1 2 H SI
1113 Cromwell, a 109 4 S 10 5 19
1116 Faunette, « 104 8 « I
H
1 2
4 4
> 1
t 1
i ( 10
Str.
12
I H
> 1
4 10
s s
Fin.
1 >
2 h
t I
4 12
5 S
•
I Jockey.
"[Buchanan .
Ranch .
tj. Wood*...
Ames ,
Heinson ...
Alexander .
)Op. Cl
Hi
. X •-
! s i
. 11 5
¦ j 19 5
BACRAMEXTO RIVER AT RED BHTFF~~
I Second Feet.
1 ¦
1539. 1300.
DATE.
April 8 f.4 8.0
April 9 •••••• 8-3 7.8
April 10 8-3 7.5
April 11.... ¦ 8-1 7.5
April 12 8.0 9.6
April 13 7.8 8.7
April 14. ; • I 7.7 8.0
.KIXG3 RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Fe«t.
DATE. I
1893. 1900.
DATE.
„¦¦'-" " I ' I *
April 8 •"•
April 9.....
April 10 •'.
April 11 .......
April 12
April 13 •
April 14
8.4
8.6
8.8
8.7
8.7
8.7
9.0
C.4
6.1
6.5
6.3
6.2
6.2
1.4
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I PUr.
Bonita Newport 'Apr. 21, 9 amjPler It
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 21. ! pmjPler 2
Walla Wall Vie b Pitt Sd.lApr. 21. l«araiPler 9
Jeanle Cape Nome.. ..[Apr. 21. 2 pm'Center
Thmisher ... Cape Nome.... [Apr. 21. 2 pm .Center
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 23, ltramjPier 1J
State of Cal Portland Apr. 23. 10 amiPt-r 24
Aberdeen .. Puget Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 pm;Pier 1
City Puebla San Dteico Apr. 23. 11 am! Pier 11
Coqullle RviOray* Harbor Apr. *t. 12 mi
Ttllamook . TUlamook Apr. 24, I
Pomona ...: Humboldt Apr. 24. 2pm Pier 9
Arcata. Coos Bay Apr. 24. i; m Plw IS
Aloha Crescent CJty. Apr. 24. 3 pmJPler. 2
Coos Bay... Newport {Apr. Ji. •-• am f'l<r i:
Nip Mam.. Cnlna* Japan! Apr. 23. 1 pmiPMSH
1>»» None.. Oregon Ports. 'Apr. 2*. »am H«- 2^
Albion |Cape Nome....|Apr. «. 12 m|Pler 8
North Fork Humboldt Apr.:*. s» am.Pier 2
Um>tilla ..fVlc & Pgt Sd.lApr. 26. 19 am I Pier 9
Corjna ]San Dle?o jApr. 27, 11 amPler 11
Columbia ..(Portland (Apr. 2*. ManaiPier24
Peru [Panama lApr.-JS, 12 mIPMSS
Steamer.
I
From.
I Du*.
Santa Rosa. San Dleso Apr. II
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Apr. Jl
Del N0rte...;... Portland..... Apr. 21
St Paul Oyster Harbor Apr. 21
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Apr. II
Xlmatllla Victoria & Pueet SouadjApr. «
Ylliamook THlamook Apr. 22
Pomona Humboldt lApr. X
Yl'ashtenaw ....ITaeoma (Apr. 12
.North Kork Humboldt ;:..)Avr. U
Coos Bay »• Newport A^r. 13
Aloha Crescent City «...|Apr. 13
City of Rio J... China and Japan „.. Apr. 2<
Australia 'Honolulu Apr. **
Tellus [Oyster Htrbor _.^..|Apr. U
Corona San Diego lApr. 2i
Columbia Portland Apr. »
Algoa JChlna and Japan. Apr. 15
Crescent City... Crescent Oty Apr. £
Bristol lOyster Harbor ~ [Apr. 23
Newburß l«.»ra>-s Harbor !Apr. 26
Robt. AiSamion|Kanaimo fAprt 2S
Bonita (Newport lApr. 27
Point Arena Point Arena lApr. 27
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 27
Queen (Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 27
Curacao ........ Mexico Apr. 27
IK Marlacal....jManzantl2o Apr. £3
State of Cal.... (Portland [Apr. 30
g
Time Time Time iTim*!
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W t. W H W U W|
11 .
22 ...
a ...
24 ...
23 ...
2<J ...
27 ...
I 3:M 5.0 10:19 0.2 6:41 4.6 i !»:*«) 3.1
I 4:20 4.5! U:« 0.5 1 6:30 SJ)I .1
'L W 1H W [L W [H W|
0:00 2.« »:« 4.7 12:1« 0.7 7:15) 5.2
' l-M 2.0 i 7:03 4.7 1:11 1.4) 7:59! 5.4
'.' 2 : O» 1.3 S:IS 4.J 2:C5 1.3 8:40 5.5
" 2:53 O.« 9:28 4.9 1:52 l.« S:2O 8.9
' 3:43 0.1 10:28 5.0 3:26 1.9 10:00^ «.l
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERKDON*
I Second Feet.
DATE.
1539. | 13C0.
April 8 5.T 4.1
April 9 «I 4.4
April 10 «.J 4.1
April U «-0 4.4
April 12 1 «•! . <1
April 13 «2 4 2
April 14 «.4 4.2
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE.
1 Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1£». I ISOO.
___________——— I T
April 8 ~
April 9
April 10 ~
April 11
April 12
April 13 ~
April 1*
B.S
9.6
9.3
1.0
9.0
8.8
9.0
«.5
«!«
6.9
«.T
6.S
«.7
Index. Hore*. Weight. jSt.
1003 Matt Hoxaa 104 S
1071 Proclamation ICI 2
1103 Morella 97 7
1107 Snnello 99 4
10S3 Ailenna 97 t
1081 Mountebank 10} 1
1107 Chateau 103 f
1065 Joe HcO-e 93 3
E39 Champion Host 97| 9
¦4
_H
i :
t *
« H
I h
S H
tH
4 !
m
%.
1 S
1 1
4 4
7 2
« 1
2 3
6 5
8 4
9
• Str.
1 5
I 1
4 3
« 1
7 3
3 h
s :
« 10
9
Fin.
1 S
2 1
> 1
4 4
5 h
S 2
7 4
» 19
9
i Jock'T.
Amu
(Alexander ....
II Stuart
;MOU3C«
JLcgrue ._
lE&ssinger
{Ranch
Buciianaa .«••
|W. S««
lOp._
19
4
•
15
IS
5-3
T
*-S
VQ
Cl.
9
3
7
4^
4. v
9-J
13
I
150
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. H H X Str.
1103 Vlkln*. 6 14013 1« II II 14
MS Lomo. S IIVS II II II II
9&S Dumard, « 140' 4 31 315 I i) SIS
955 Monlta. a 143 1 420 4 4} 4 W 4SO
(665) Major S. a 142 • .p|^- I S 6
841 Schr*lber. 6..... 182 IX Fell ¦>...-•
Fin.
1 4
I 1
> r>
4 ii
5
| Jockey.
iQ. W1150q....
'Evir.s
IA. Johnaoa...
'McKesaa ....
jMoody
ILenhart
IQp.
.. «
I
8
.. T-I
.. T-l
.. 7-3
C!
9-
9-
ndex. Horse. Age. -Weight. [St. H % \
ICSS Garbo, 3 H4t 1 ... i *fc 14
10OS Artllla, 3 .Akl 1 ... 5J 4 1
1115 March Seven. 3 106 3 ... «H S3
110* Henry C, 5 no 5 ... 72 6 3
IOoS Tourist 11. S 10$ 2 ... SI !J
1106 Palatln*. 3 107 4 3 1 ;u
,si r*^* Dnflf j"- s iot 8 ••• » 1 • *
H0« St. Germain. 3 107 8 ... « U 74
1105 Harry Corby. 4 110 9 ... 9 3 IS
H'J9 Bly, 4 HoilO ... J3 19
.... Rey del Rto, 4 li»| Left
Cue. 3 no] ]>ft ...
10SS Loboslna. 3 IQ5| Left ...
Btn; :
14
3 2
2 h
5 2
4 H
15
7 S
I •
9
Fin.
1 2
22
II
I?
(10
7 «
I 3
I
15
JGlenn
{Buchanan ••-•
O'Brien .~...-
lAmea ...„__.
Mack'.ia
Bassiager ••••
Vo*t
Ranch
Helnson
H. Stoart
-\'*xir.\£? ....
W. Se«
>Lo?ue
iietuns.
'OV. Cl.
11
i» ta
• 10
is co
1 1
19 S>
60 W
1> »
t *
13 1C
[ndei. Horse. Age. Weight. 13t- H *i
1109 Ace. a ~IC7 4 4 J4 1 h
970 Acrobat. 6 107 S 3 S 5 5
1123 Don Luis, 9 11J J 11 12
1117 Raisl-t. 4 101 1 2 1 I H
1073 Graiy. a 119 S 5 5 4 1
1C23 Dr. Berr.ayt. B 112 « « (
\ Str.
Ta l h
55 B %
11 2 2
31 3 1
43 4 3
« «
Fin^
1 i
: h
3 1
4 h
r a
«
I Jockey.
JAmes
(Alexander
!J. Wood«..
'Stuart ....
'Mounce ...
'Buchanan
lOp.
. S
. t-5
- 3
. I
? ID
. 4-»
Cl.
13
7-5
' -9
1
«n
*-5
ndex
[ndex. Horsa. 'Weight. [St.
10S0 Bavassa. 107 i
1104 Ada. N 107 1
1075 Princess Tlt*nU....loB «
10W Glrly Ducat 107 2
19€S Undergrowth .. 104 t
1104 Cartlee 107 9
1080 Sublime 107 10
li»;* Imponent* 104 S
1104 Ada Pox 107 7
1057- Gertie B 113 3
1093 Picklow 108|U
1052 Location 104 M
Horse.
v
...
'.7.
X
JH
1 \
4S
31
i M
• I*
n 4
it t
12
Str.
Fin.
1 1
2 3
3 1
4 1
5 2
• 2
»i
1»5
11 •
12
| Jockey. ['
Basstnger I
W. See..-
Aiaes ~.
O'Brien .......
Moance
Hal 8r0wn....
iOiffney
[Buchanan ....
Hetnson ......
.H. Stuart..—
IJ. ¦Wood*
itiocue
|OP-
I 3
5-2
•
«
23
I
•
I
SO
49
SO
15
<>-s
t-2
Z
15
J}
II
15
12
40
in
Cl
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ISt. hi H__
10S6) Lady lleddles'm. 4.1C0 2 2 1H 11
10S3) Scotch Plaid, t 1C« 8 4 1 4 1
1112) Captive, a 109 5 1 h SI
100S Wyoming, a 110 1 2 H SI
1113 Cromwell, a 109 4 S 10 5 19
1116 Faunette, « 104 8 « I
H
1 2
4 4
> 1
t 1
i ( 10
Str.
12
I H
> 1
4 10
s s
Fin.
1 >
2 h
t I
4 12
5 S
•
I Jockey.
"[Buchanan .
Ranch .
tj. Wood*...
Ames ,
Heinson ...
Alexander .
)Op. Cl
Hi
. X •-
! s i
. 11 5
¦ j 19 5ONE of th<* commanderies that pro-
I poses to phine during the conclave
' of the Knights Templar at Los An
geles next week Is Golden Gate No.
16 of this city, which has its headquarters
in the Golden Gate Asylum. Sutter street
Its principal officers are: Sir Joseph Clay
baugh Campbell, commander; Sir Robert
McMillan, generalissimo, and Sir H. D.
Loveland, captain general.
The commandery was organized when it
was announced that the triennial conclave
of the Knights Templar was to be held in
this city in ISS3. It was chartered on the
21st of April, ISSI, and Instituted with for
ty-three members. It first met in the asy
lum on Post street, near Kearny. but as
the quarters were too small it built its
present asylum on Sutter street and dedi
cated it with appropriate ceremonies in
the summer of l£9l. A pride of the com
mandery is its drill corps, which will take
part in the competitions during conclave
week. The commandery expects to make
a fine showing in the parade.
The members of Los Angeles Com
mandery have arranged to entertain the
Golden Gates Knight 3 and the ladles who
accompany them on their pilgrimage.
For the Masonic Home.
Islam Temple, Ancient Arabic Order of
, Have you heard the story
of the "Barbed Wire Tele-
phone Town." This ia no't'flc-"*
tion but fact, and well illus-
trates the ingenuity, of; the
Calif oraian. Read all about it
in The Sunday Call.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
DISCUSS CITY AFFAIRS
Want to Know How the Treasure of
the Municipality Is Ex
panded.
¦ The San Francisco Improvement Asso
ciation met last night, with President
Fletcher presiding. He announced the
new executive committee, as published
In The Call of yesterday, and it was de
cided that tho new committee should meet
on Monday afternoon next at i o'clock to
elect a president and appoint sub-commit,
tees. The overcrowding of street cars
and the remedy therefor, as v/ell as the
duties of the executive committee, were
given conr-idrrable consideration.
The question of municipal expenditures
occupied nearly all the time of the meet-
Ing. Several members spoke on the sub
ject, and there was a diversity of opinion
a,s to the improvements of the parks and
streets. The burden of the plaints was
a desire to learn how the treasure of the
city is being expended and where there
can be a Raving of money. It was finally
discovered that the committee that had
been appointed to investigate the city rec
ords had not completed Its labors and was
unable to report.
During the running dlscussicn that fol
lowed the depreciation of real property,
particularly in the Mission and downtown
districts, the probable increase of taxa
tion on an increased assessment, so that
the fitrure would run up to $1 05 or $1 07
on the $100. was touched upon. After
quoting statistics as to city expenditures
In the pant and at present the association
adjourned.
Clever stenographers use "Bank Stock" Re-
porter Xote Books. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. •
This is sale day at Marks Bros. Hosiery,
corsets and underwear at prices hereto-
fore unknown. 1212-1214 Market St., be-
tween Taylor and Jones. •
An Insolvent Mechanic.
Alexander Thomson, a mechanic of
Oakland, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are $1969 22 and as
sets $2271 75.
Wanted in Alameda County.
Fred Turner, alias Harris, was arrested
last night by Detectives Harper and Sul
livan and locked up in the tanks. Turner
is accused of breaking into a residence at
Haywards lasf September and stealing
about $200 v.-orth of jewelry. When taken
into custody Turner had in his possession
fifty-nine pocket-knives, which are sup
posed to have been stolen.
Hale'a. | / bale's. „
Jrwonder what Hales
r^^'some thoughts
WL for to-day
iffllfs^ about to-morrow-
dl ß m 9V%^ the weather often contradicts the ca!-
»nM H fUtair^ endar; dresses discount diaries; to-
**»iSslsir^ morrow the first excursions run to the
WyL mountains, the lakes and the seashore
gfi.fS?!u ....,.¦¦ Californians bask in the truly dehshttul
*gjftmsxm*ff®&ffi&a spring weather, yet in the east they arc
jgr y e t shivering in furs and fustians.
El to-morrow, as holiday makers, health-
H seekers you will require many articles, we can supply you to-day—
I stronV hammocks, serviceable trunks, good grips, straps hold-alls.
m umbrellas, sun hats, face lotions, tan preventives, yeils. Rltnes.
m hose, belts, handkerchiefs, brushes, combs, it s far easier to buy it
g| to-day than to lose your temper to-rhorrow because you torgot it.
I pulley J^^Bi€^sT'"^ls^»^^£
1 belts
i with- seal leather shield; stylish, fenng. worth ioc t/ 2 c
I yet serviceable soc about 700 yard o{ nos
S '!?!) 12 and 16 eood heavy
§j Qwp || a new line of three- riuDOIIS. all-silk taffeta ribbons.
m oncil c j asp j OU vin gloves, in j n w hite. creme, light blue. pink.
m K'OVeS i the newest shades of mais, orange, heliotrope, lilac.
if tan, mode, gray, brown, re-i. n ji e , apple, mauve, cerise, cardi-
es green, white, pearl, mastique and na ] f black, navy, brown; enough
ra black; sizes 5^2 to 71/2 $1-50 colors to please you; now here' 3
JH the price 7c yard
H tho an unusual glove is
SI V.. «•¦ our famous "H. 8..' W PfV I 2° d° zen children s
1 H. B." rS kS's skin glove. HOSIS^. ribbed fast bkck scam .
H in red, tan, brown, mode. blue, less cotton hose, deep glossy
H green white, pearl and black: black, full length elastic, good
H sizes SIAS 1 A to 7^..... S 1 - 00 heavy weight; sizes 6to 10......
p| per pair i2 l Az
I vestings. S^gg muslin gg 111
m renaissance lace vesting, 54.00, nnAnruia^r cm^A enfr finish^
m naissance, Point d'Alencon. and ruffle 2°c pair
m Pt. de Venise vestings ladies' muslin gowns, two styles.
m $2 50 to $li. iO yard square or round yoke, ruine
m """""" " trimmed, neck and cuffs, yoke
i sliPPk 50 dozen bleached ex- of fine tucks and insertion.. 50c
m OIICCIOi tra fine qua ii ty sheets, ladies' muslin chemise, fine sott
P with 2-inch hem, value 7Sc; dou- muslin, round yoke, neck and
m ble-bed size, 90x90 inches; on sale armholes trimmed with neat
jrtj to-day and until sold 50c hemstitched ruffle 38c
I elegant sailor hats now on display.
TAKES A SHOT AT
THE BRIDEGROOM
Fashionable Wedding Ceremony
at St. Luke's Delayed for More
Than an Hour.
.
Jilted Cannery Girl Makes an Unpleasant
Scene at the Door of the Church on
Wednesday Last-
Murder Charge Dismissed.
After a long preliminary examination
Judge Conlan yesterday dismissed the
charge of murder against Louie Fook and
Sue Ho Mon. both-having established ali
bis satisfactory to the court. They were
accused of murdering Wong Guen at 26
Waverly place January 6.
Death of J. L. Moody.
The death is- announced of Joseph L.
Moody, the well known capitalist, who
passed- away yesterday at his residence
on tho northwest corner of » Jones and
Lombard streets. He was a pioneer, hav
ing come to California In 1849, and having
made his home; ln this city ever since.
He was a native of Ohio and reached the
age of 73 years. For several years he has
been retired; from commercial pursuits
and has;been occupied in the management
of ¦ his .large estate. He leaves a widow,
one son and three daughters to mourn hla
death.
The following named have ' already
a Sf. eed to go on the pilgrimage and there
will be others:
John Tonningsen and wife. Miss. Elsie CTora-
Ehan, _T. R. Parker and wife. N.: B. Turner.
M. • Semlnofr, \V. • Pierce : and family, E. -W.
Strohl and wife. Miss Mny Gurduß, Mls« Oracle
ntatham, John Hammond and daughter, Henry,
L,. - Davis. J. . H. Moore, Miss . U. Hawxhunst.
Dr. Damkrocger and - wife. . R. . Herman, M. J.
Savas». J. n. Marsh and wife. Miss M. F.
Marsh. W. W. Haskell and wife. A. H. Morrow,
Mrs. H. Lackman, Miss E. .Metzger, ,T. ; H.-
Browne and wife, H. W. Westphal and wife,
Grace Uuckman.,P T. Ferguson, Albert Hantz
P. A. McDonald and wife, F. IV Hllmer and
wife. Mrs. Captain. Mathison, C. M. Plum and
¦ wife. J. W. Burnham and wife. Mrs. F. - O.
Marsh, Miss Annita Ferguson, Frank W. :
Marston and wife • 11. E. Holmes and wife.
Judge Carroll, Cook and daughter, . J. W.
Stevens, Mrs. Anna Shoemakfir, Dr. T. B.
Dewltt, A. Meyer, J. W. Cameron and wife,
Mrs. ¦ A. . B. Wefelsburg, ¦ Miss Leo ¦ Wefelsburpr.
Theresa McKenna,- Carrie Feldman, H. H.
Knopf and r wife. Ell McYork and wife, John
Laekmann i and wife, Miss • Kate -¦ McShane. W.
A. Qrad, J. p. Overton, T. Riordan and wife,
Mlss> Murphy, \ Mrs Frank - Moffat, J. ; Mofflt,
George W. Bennett, J. Logan and daughter,
Fred Ratsh and daughter, George . Perkins, J.
C. i Crooks, Henry Ream, ¦¦ Dr. • Likens, T. H.
Nleholls. Miss R. Freeman, Mrs. H. - Boye. N.
J. Brlttan, W R. Payne, T. ; M.- Morton. S.
Menzles. William McDonald. Judge Frank H.
Kerrigan. Mrs. J. Wlnrerter.
Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, has decided
to give an entertainment in Golden Gate
Hall in May in aid of the Masonic Wid
ows' and Orphans' Home. Reuben P
Hurlbut has appointed the following as a
committee to arrange for the af£air: Frank
W. Marston, John Tonnlngsen, D.'-M
Laurance, A_ A. Batkln, George F. Neal
C. W. Taber. Edwin Whipple. James
Knowland and William Edwards.
CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY.
Members and Guests Who Will At
tend the Conclave at Los Angeles.
California Commandery No. 1 of the
Knights Templar of this city has com
pleted arrangements for its pilgrimage to
Los Angeles. It has secured a special
train, by which it will be conveyed to the
place of meeting, leaving this city to-mor
row afternoon. This commandery will bo
accompanied by Oakland Commandery
and ladies. It has secured fifty black
horses for the parade and one:white one
for E. Sir Knight John .Tonningsen, the
commander. It has headquarters at the
Hollenbeck. Sir Knight W. H. F. Titus Is
the generalissimo and Sir Knight Carroll
Cook the captain general. Sir • Frank W.
Marston has been appointed special aid to
Commander Tonnlngsen.
Prominent Members of Golden Gate Commandery.
Approves Chinese Celebration.
The Chamber of Commerce yesterday
transmitted a resolution adopted at a re
cent meeting to the Board of Supervisors
favoring the proposed celebration and
parade by the Chinese residents next July.
Tho resolution is as follows:
Whereas, We believe that an event of this
kind could be made of treat advantage to our
city, • not only In ; matters affectine our local
business but also in those i>ertainlng to our
foreign- commerce and trade; therefore' the
Chamber of Commerce hae _
Resolved. That, we earnestly hope that every
facility and assistance will be afforded by th«
authorities nnd citizens of this city for the
proper carrying out of this festival and others
of a. aimllar nature, In order that they may be
a credit to the community.
Gathering of Caledonians.
The Caledonian Club held Its monthly
entertainment In Scottish Hall last night,
the attraction being a lecture by J. D.
McGllvray, ex-Mayor of Denver, on Scot
tish scenery. He illustrated his lecture by
stereopticon views of the principal points
of interest In Scotland, Including the
scenes made memorable by Robert Burns,
the Scottish national poet. The lecture
was a most Interesting' one, and at Its
conclusion the lecturer was accorded a
warm vote of thanks proposed by Colonel
Taylor. Several appropriate songs were
sung by members of the club, and a most
enjoyable evening was spent. The chief,
Angus McLeod, reminded the audience
that the annual games would take place
at Shell Mound Park on May 30.
Native Daughters Entertain.
The main body of Native Sons' Hall and
the galleries were crowded last night by
an .audience to witness the presentation of
"Rebeca's triumph," a' three-act. play, the
cast of which was by sixteen young ladles,
members of Alta and Buena vista parlors
of the Native , Daughters. The play was
well staged and all the participants were
perfect in their, lines. The participants
were: Mollle Long, Mary H. Richter, An
nie Simpson. Mrs. E. W. French, Mary
Noonan, Mrs. Frank Mason, Mrs. C. S.
Baker, Lillian Wilson. Dorothy Strel.
Gussie Kerrigan. Nellie Thomas, Emma
Dellwig. Annie Mclntyre. Jennie Wilson.
Katherlne M. Dudy and Kittle Brown.
The play was followed by dances.
Money Given Away.
To-day only Marks Bros, will give away
to all -purchasers of ladles' muslin wear,
children's and Infants' wear, ten cents on
each dollar purchased. 1212-1214 Market
St., bet. Taylor and Jones. •
GAINED NOTORIETY
AS A WIFE-BEATER
Oscar Lundine Again Arrested for
Nearly Killing His Delicate
Little Spouse.
The law has no terrors for Oscar Lun
dlne, a notorious wlfe-beater, who has
served more than one sentence for nearly
killing his wife. Mrs. Lundlne. who Is a
delicate little woman and has a small
grocery on Elizabeth street, near Castro,
and Is trying to pay off the mortgage on
ft so as to hive a home for herself. Lun
dlne formerly worked at the sugar re
finery but for years he has loafed and
lived off his wife's Industry. Two or
three years ago she applied for a divorce,
and while the case was pending won a
lottery prize of $3500. Lundine. when he
heard of It. went to her and was so ful
some in his promises that she forgave him
and withdrew the suit He soon squan
dered the money and began to beat her
Q On D Thursday night he went home under
the Influence of liquor and after locking
his wife in her bedroom commenced to
beat and kick her. Her screams attracted
the attention of Charles West wood, a
neighbor, and he broke in the door of the
bedroom and rescued her. She was cov
ered with blood. Policeman E. J. Thom
son was called In and he placed Lundlne
under arrest for battery. He appeared
before Judge Conlan yesterday and the
case was continued. Mrs. Lundlne Is con
fined to her bed.
Sergeant Bethell Wants Damages.
Police Sergeant Thomas W. Bethell has
brought suit to recover $10,000 damages
from the Sutter-street Rallwuy Company
for injuries received by being knocked
down by a Larkin-street car In March
last.
Thomas S. Jones has brought suit to re
cover $13,000 damages from Cleven. Varney
& Green, E. J. Baldwin and James ll
Flood for lnjpries received by the big ad
vertising fence around the old Baldwin
Hotel site falling upon him.
PILGRIMAGE OF KNIGHTS
TO THE CITY OF ANGELS
TURF STEWARDS
CONFRONTED BY
BIG SCANDAL
The Reversals Shown by
Sly Will Be Explained
Shortly.
Evidence That "Will Probably Causa
Erpulsicn of Denny Lynch and
Joe Piggott — Booiiies in
Dancer.
The stewards of the Wertern Turf As
sociation met last cveninc at tiie Palace
Hotel, and evidently struck a. hornets'
nest, for. at tho eoncJviFion of a four
hours' session, they adjourned without
having completed their investigations.
Nothing was criven to the press lor pub
lication, but from what cjuld b? elicited
on the outside, the i:i and out running of
the snare fcly will be explained to the pub
lic within a day or ivro. -The Messrs.
lianlor* brothers, owners of the fast
sprinter, appeared before the stewards,
iiiso Jockey ltoss. There is to be a
••<lopir.?" story in comiection with her
shewing in traces.
From information furnished the West
ern Tun AEscclatiori by the California
Jockey Club, the doom of two fir three
jcci'pys and owners, among them Joe
liggott and Denny Lynch, is probably
poaied. Th<* Oakland tracK people are in
poskOfFion of the confession of one rider,
it is claimed, that throws a whole lot of
light on the defeat of different horses at
Tanforan, where most of the mischief
F'*oTns to have been done.
And if the stewards of the San Mateo
County track :»robe tho whole matter to
the bottom, it would not be surprising if
a booKroakor or two were ruled off the
turf, for strong fvidence is held by the
two racing associations against them.
Th» stewards decided that the presence
<-f Joc.koy Her.ry. who recently went East
to ride for W. J. Arlccll. is necessary in
this city pending the investigation and he
was wired to return at once.
If you travel, fish, hunt or rlay Et>lf your
constant companion should be Jesse Moore.
UNION LABOR SUBJECTS
DISCUSSED IN COUNCIL
Entry of Russian Durkhabors Into
the United States Meets "With
Opposition.
The San Francisco Labor Council held
a meeting last night and discussed many
subjects of Importance to the wage-earn
ers.
Information was received In this city a
few days ago that a band of several hun
dred Russian "Durkhabors" (men who
have been banished from Russia) were In
Manitoba awaiting an opportunity to get
over the Canadian border into the United
States. Acting on this Information Sec
retary Ed Rosenberg of. the Labor Coun
cil forwarded to Senator Perkins the fol
lowing dispatch:
Hon. Geortre C. Perkins. "Washington. T>. C:
Several hundred Durkhabors. contract labor
ers en route to California, held by the officials
ot Emmerson. Manitoba, pending Treasury De
partment's rulinp. The San Francisco Labor
Council protests against their importation and
asks you to present this to the Secretary of the
Treasury. . '
The shoeworkprs, a new union, were ad
mitted to the council and Delegates John
Schilling and Frank Scollin were recog
nized. ,'
A communication from New York stated
that S. N. Wood & Co. of this city had
secured contracts under the Xew York
labor unions for carrying on the business
of the firm. This news was hailed with
much delight. '~-^_l-
Complaint was made- of the State Har
bor Commissioners, who compel men
working under contractors to labor nine
hours a day, whereas the State law dis
tinctly says eight hours shall constitute
a day's work.
HOURIHAN THIRSTING
FOR DIRE VENGEANCE
The Rejected Lover of Anastasia
Nunan Has His Enemies Placed
Under Arrest.
A nice complication has arisen, over the
marriage on April 6 of August Shaugh
nessy and Anastasla Nur.an by Justice of
the Peace Kerrigan. Lawrence P. Houri
han, the rejected lover ot the young bride,
was arrested yesterday on complaint of
Mrs. Annie Latham. 1143 Kolsom street.
Shaughnessy's mother, for disturbing the
peace in trying to kidnap her daughter-in
law.
Hourihan was released on $3 cash bail
and promptly swore to a complaint before
Judge Cabaniss charging Mrs. Latham
with threatening to kill him on April 3
and subsequently. Warrants were also is
sued for the arrest of her son, Augustus
Shaughnessy. on the charge of perjury for
falsely swearing before "Cupid" Danforth
that he was twenty-one years of ago and
for the arrest of Anastasia, his girl wife,
on a charge of vagrancy, it being claimed
that since March 23 she haa been a va
grant.
Mrs. Latham and Shaughnessy were ar
rested, but Ar.astasia could not be found
and the police say she has been spirited
away. It is said that steps will be taken,
to annul the marriage on various grounds.
Mrs. Latham has come into notoriety on
more than one occasion. Some years agr>
she took a shot at a man. but escaped
punishment. Two cr three years since
she shot Attorney Julius Pinto, her son
in-lnw, in the presence of his sick wife.
She was tried en the charge of assault to
murder, but was acquitted, as Pinto did
not press the charge.
A good men's calf shoe for $1 50 a pair at
the Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market st. •
Suicide of a Despondent Jeweler.
A. F. Hannan, a jeweler recently from
Xew York, .committed suicide last Thurs
day night by taking cyanide of potas
sium. He was discovered dead in bed in
his room at 232 Hyde street half an hour
after noon yesterday. Hannan left a wife
in the East. Among his effects was a let
ter from her, dated a year ago, reproving
him for his intemperate habits and beg
ging him to reform.
FAIR PLAY WILL BE
GIVEN CONTESTANTS
Sub-Treasurer Jacobs Will Not Be
Allowed to Examine Applicants
for the Cashiership.
Several persons who took the examina
tion In this city recently for the position
of cashier In the United States Sub-Treas
ury at this port filed a protest with the
Secretary of the Treasury against allow
ing Sub-Treasurer Jacobs to examine
them upon the routine work of the Sub-
Treasury. "/I*: ¦
They suggested that the answering of
the questions propounded by the Civil
Service Commission should be a suffi
ciently fair test, and that the privilege
granted Mr. Jacobs of conducting an ad
ditional examination of his own was un
fair on the face of it and would subject
Mr. Jacobs to much censure should his
brother, Samuel, the incumbent, be the
successful applicant.
Yesterday two of the protestants re
ceived a reply from the Secretary of the
Treasury stating that the standing of the
applicants at the written examination
would be the only test.
SECRETLY WEDS
HER YOUTHFUL
HOTEL MANAGER
Mrs. Tracy, Proprietress of
Leepalmer, Surprises
Her Friends.
The Couple Intended to Keep the
Matter Quiet, but Reference to
the Bride's Age Changes
' Their Plans.
¦ ; <
Mrs. M. Tracy, well known as the pro
prietress of the Parmerlee and the Lee
palmer hotels, greatly surprised her
friends yesterday; by the announcement
of her marriage to Amos Jones, the young
manager of the Leepalmer, on Tuesday
last.
The ceremony took place at San Rafael,
and was a quiet affair, but two friends of
the couple being present. It was intended
to keep the fact of the wedding a, secret
for a time, but rumors of an. elopement
gave the bride some uneasiness and she
finally determined to inform her friends
of the true facts.
Amos Jones, the groom, is 25 years of
age. He was a member of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers and served in the Phil
ippine war and on his return assumed the
management of the Leepalmer Hotel, of
which Mrs. Tracy is proprietress.
In a short time the other employes of
the house noticed evidence of love be
tween the young soldier "and his wealthy
employer. ,
Soon It became known that something
was on the bills and on Tuesday, when
the couple left the hotel together, the
knowing ones said that they would return
as man and wife. They were informed of
the marriage and were asked to make no
mention of it. That was two days ago
and the strain of keeping such a rich se
cret was too great to stand up under for
a longer time and the facts leaked out.
When seen last night Mr. Jones spoke
rather reluctantly of His wedding, saying
there was nothing in the affair of interest
to any one but the contracting parties.
Helped by his wl£e he volunteered his
story:
"It was a simple, every-day occurrence.
I had known Mrs. Tracy for a long time,
and when I returned from the Philippines
I entered her employ at the Leepalmer
Hotel in the capacity of manager. A
short time ago we decided to get married,
and just thought that we would keep the
affair as quiet as possible, and' for thai
reason we went alone to San Rafael,
where the ceremony was performed. Wo
notified our friends of the approaching
marriage. and told them to keep it only
frcm open newspaper publicity. Tho gos
sips soon wagged their tongues and a
story of such disparity of ages was cir
culated that we decided to announce it to
all. Why, they claim that I am just 21,
but I am 25, and then they say that my
wife is 50 years old. Well, I will leave
that to any. judge."
The happy -couple were at home last
night to their friends, denying nothing in
the story, but the elopement and the wide
difference in their ages. •
GRAND CONCERT FOR
BENEFIT OF BOERS
Four Hundred Voices to Be Heard in
an Elaborate Programme at
Metropolitan Temple.
A grand concert for the benefit of the
widows and orphans of the Boers will be
held Tuesday evening in Metropolitan
Temple. Four hundred singers will par
ticipate, and the concert will be one of the
largest given in this city for years. Some
of the best local talent will participate.
The following programme has been ar
ranged: •
Organ solo. '"Battle Prayer," Professor E.
Werner: a<3dreps by Hon. John P. Irish; chorus,
Scandinavian Society; "Auf Wo'nllauta Fitti
gren," Miss E. Schneider. Miss D. Bahr and
Miss L. K!opr«?r, members of the Columbia
Zither Club; "Hose Frehelt," chorus. Social
llaeiiiierchor, Kothmaenner Leiderkrans and
others, conducted by Professor Franz Dletz;
sehwyzersan?, "Was Giebt es Schoen'res uf d'r
Welt." singing 1 soclty of the Grutll Vereln
• Swiss); mixed chorus conducted by Professor
Frar.z lJietz (a) "Auf den Berßen." <b) "Leldes-
Freihoit." grand chorus of the 6lngln(j societies
Alpenrosli. Germania, San Francisco Turn
Verein. Mission Turn Vereln. Schwaben Verein,
Walhalla and others; "My Flag." Alamo Quar
tet, composed of Mme. Courstn-Roeckel, Mile.
Elena Roeckel, Mrs. H. Lewis nnd Miss Tlllle
Mlley; violin solo. Professor Bernhard Mollen
hauer. accompanied by Miss Edith Batchelder;
IH"and chorus, by the singing: societies Teutonla,
Elntracht. Freundschaft Saenger Bund, Bayern
Bund an'l Freie l>eutsche Gemeinde. conducted
by Professor J. R. Rlcgger; "Transvaal Na
tional Hymn." Mme. E. Coursen-Roeckel; sir.g
lnr society of the Grutli Vereln. composed of
mixed voices, conducted by Professor Franz
Dietz; orjran solo. Professor E. Werner.
The chairman of the evening will be M.
Cooney, president of the Transvaal com
mittee of California.
T was not the bride that delayed the
V wedding at the fashionable ceremony
jj at St. Luke's on Wednesday. It was
1 1 an infuriated woman who could not
«-» shoot straight ; and a bridegroom
forced to flight that kept the assembled
company waiting.
For some lime past It ha? been the
recognized thing that a wedding set for
noon be celebrated promptly at the first
stroke of the city bells. This, however,
as things gro. has been the fashion so long
that the tardy habit is about due again,
and the guests at the wedding of the
Jeweler's daughter and the young attor
ney looked upon it as a natural sequence
and accepted the delay in good faith.
Within the church ail moved smoothly.
The altar, with its fair dress of Easter
blossoms, the music, the guests in all the
glory of early spring costumes and the
ushers, an Innovation, married men who
appreciated a man's nervousness at his
wedding— all pave the many invited guests
food for thought and whisperings.
It was probably the music and the
whispered comments Of the guests that
dulled the sound of the shot outside. It
was a scene to delipht the heart of a mas
ter in statecraft— all action and but few
words.
The carriages of the groom and his best
man dashed madly up to the church. Out
steps the attendant first and the groom
afterward. Then the heavy lady of the
case comes on the scene, only she- is not
heavy and she is beautiful and young.
What she says will probably never be
known unless the proom or his brother
tells, but she o— shea a pistol and shoots
just about as straight as a, woman usually
throws. Th^n the brother forces her into
the carriage that brought the happy
proom to church and gives orders that
they drive to the Third and Townsend-
Ftrret depot. All the way down the young
woman is unruly, and when put aboard
the San Jose train she makes all manner
of vain threats. It is all very exciting
but hardly fnterta:nir.g» for it is an old
Ftory.
A poor girl and a wealthy young man.
She nails from the country. San Jose, and
? arris her living by working in the can
nery. But she is pretty, and the young
man fancies the pretty maid to such an
extent that he wants her always by his
pi<se. Together they learn to know and
appreciate all the scenic beauties of their
country. Naturally after the usual lapse
of time the young man wearies of his su
burban beauty, but the girl remains faith
ful. The man decides to marry — some one
els*-. The girl buys a pistol. There is a.
scene on the street in front of the sacred
edifice.
That ought to be the end of tho story.
But !t isn't. Some guests w«re late as
v. ell as the groom. They stood in front of
the church and saw it all. Then they
went Into St. Luke's and told it between
solemn pauses.
It was a beautiful wedding. The bride's
gown was quite the costliest ever worn
by a San Francisco bride. White panne
velvet, training its shiny surface over
yards of floor and covered with lace, old
and yellow. If it had not been for the
little* play of the lady, the groom and
the pistol, the bride's bouquet would have
furnished conversation for all the Easter
teas. It was of orchids, rare and beau
tiful and gorgeously hued. The groom,
who ail admit has an t-ye for beauty, or
<:<=-red it himself. Word was sent to all the
farcy florists In the country to forward
their* rarest blooms. The cost of the bou-
quet was said to be something fabulous —
quite a.* much as the beautiful cannery
girl in San Jose could earn in several
months.
There are some people who are never
satisfied when Just given the salient fea
tures of a story. They want all the petty
details. For these it is written that tho
ceremony at the church was followed by
an elaborate breakfast at the bride's
home on Pine street, and to this same
residence will she and her husband return
when the honeymoon wanes.
Will they be happy? Naturally. There
is an old adage that proclaims bliss un
speakable for the first couple mated In a
new church, and they were the first to be
bound together in the new St. Luke's.
PACKING CONCERN
IS EMBARRASSED
Elie J. Cote Must Meet More Than
Eighty Thousand Dollars
California Packing Company Is Assigned for
the Benefit of Creditors When Attached
for a Paltry Sum.
THE California Packing Company, of
which Elie J. Cote Is president, haa
made an assignment to Juda Neu
man of the firm of Sol Wangenheim
& Co. for the benefit of creditors. Claims
aggregating more than $SO,OOO are out
against Cote. The assets of the business
are thought to be confined to a very lim
ited figure. The creditors of the Califor
nia Packing Company— and there are a
number of them holding notes of various
denominations — are of the opinion that
there is no sound business reason for the
financial distress of the company. They
hint at a squandering of money on the
race course and other rapid means by
which a fortune has been scattered to the
four winds.
The California Packing Company is one
of the largest concerns of its kind in this
city. Its establishment is at 101-123 Shot
well street. Until very recently it was
rated as not only financially sound but
prosperous.' The blow to the company
was administered last Tuesday when
Guggenheim & Co. levied an attachment
for $198. ¦'•At.' this time the rumor that
Cote's company was in a bad way had
reached the creditors, and upon a failure
to pay tho demand for the meager
amount due them Guggenheim & Co. took
the action stated. Cote saw the useless
ness of trying to stand up under the bur
den of obligations that fell upon him and
he voluntarily assigned his business to
Juda Neuman, who represents some of
the largest creditors.
The liabilities of the company are for
supplies furnished by the large pickle fac
tories and canneries of this city. Most of
the debts are represented by the personal
notes of Elie J. Cote himself, many of
them being indorsed by . E. B. Patrick
who is Cote's father-in-law. Patrick is
now in a most precarious physical condi
tion, suffering from a tumor on the brain.
Isot all the notes signed by Cote are in
dorsed by Patrick. One for $12,000, which
represents the liability to a single cred
itor, is not secured by a personal guaran
tee. There are many other small notes un
indorsed.and the holders are beginning to
experience troubles of the mind from fear
that the debts will never be liquidated.
Perhaps the heaviest loser will be the
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works. Sid
ney M. Smith is president of this estab
lishment. He is now in the East, and un
til apprised of the collapse of the Califor
nia Packing Company knew nothing of its
unsound financial condition. Charles J.
King, who Is secretary of the vinegar
works, as well as the assigned company,
has been experting the books of the lat
ter to see just what is owing by E. J.
Cote. A low figure on the sum due the
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works by the
California Packing Company is about $30,
000. It is thought that the liability may
reach $50,000.
Few claims have so far been filed, but
they will likely pour into the assignee
within the next few days. Reddy, Camp
bell & Metson, the attorneys, have been
engaged by the Pacific Vinegar Works to
prosecute their claims. A meeting is ar
ranged for this morning between Cote, the
big creditors and the attorneys. If Cote
can satisfy the demands of the creditors
the attachment may be released; other
wise legal proceedings will be commenced
against him at once.
Just what the nature of the suits to be
brought is neither the attorneys nor cred
itors will divulge. Cote himself claims
that his assets will reach $40,000, but there
is some doubt expressed on this point by
the men who hold his notes.
FUTILE ATTEMPT
TO OPEN A SAFE
WITH A CHISEL
Amateur Robber Landed in
the Tanks After a Short
Struggle.
Detected in the Act of Opening a
Strong Box, He Makes His Es
cape, but Is Afterward
Captured.
Locked up in the tanks In the City
Prison is a young man, whom the police
believe is responsible for several crimes^
committed south of Market street. \ His'
name Is Harry McKay, alias Roberts. He
was arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tective Charles Cody after a lively strug
gle. The specific crime for which McKay
was taken into custody was robbing the
Niagara House, at 724 Mission street, of
$73 and two silver watches. McKay, it is
alleged, after robbing the cash drawer,
made ¦ a bungling attempt' to open the
safe, which contained over $700. He at
tempted to open the door with a chisel,
and on being discovered by one of the at
taches he dropped the instrument and
made his escape. An examination dis
closed that the cash drawer had been
pried open with the chisel before the at
tempt was made to force the safe.
Immediately after the robbery was re
ported to Chief of Police Sullivan he de
tailed Detective Cody on the case. From
a description given of the robber he ar
rested McKay, who at one time was em
ployed about the house as a bedmaker.
When taken into custody McKay at first
claimed that the detectives had made a
mistake, but when told that he had been
positively identified as the man who
robbed the cash drawer, as well as mak
ing a futile attempt to open the safe, he
became belligerent and started to assault
the officer. Cody promptly countered him
on the jaw and knocked him out. lie was
then handcuffed and taken to the City
Prison, where his name was placed on the
detinue -book, pending further investiga
tion.
After leaving the prison Cody met
Charles Vickers, a prize-fighter, for whom
he had been looking for stealing a valu
able diamond stud from Aleck Grepgains.
Several days ago, it is claimed, Vickers
represented to Greggains that he was
hungry and penniless and wanted assist
ance. Gregg-ins gave him permission to
stop at his home and to repay his kind
ness. Vickers, it is claimed, stole his dia
mond stud. The diamond was not found
on the supposed thief.
He will be detained In the tanks, pend
ing further investigation.
THE SAX FRAjS CISCO CAJ-L, SATURDAY, APRIL 21, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY AND MONDAY!
Feaohes, Pears, Apricots, c « 3 n .50c
Best Quality; 24 lt> cans. Regular 23c can.
Finest Creamery Butter, square 35c
Three squares $1.00. Regular 40c square.
Choice 55?. Butter, square... 30c
SUGAR *gz£Sr PEAS, can... 10c
Extra barcaln. Rerular 20c can.
BEST Pe ß^r EGBS, d0z....!7ic
Extra Choice Sugar Corn. 3 oms 25c
Ammonia P ?°xz & Soap, eo i e .. -25c
For bath and flannels. Regular 5c caSe.
MACARONU P^hc ce t 1 !i:h0x....20c
Stryker's Kitchen Soap, ca J e ,.. 2sc
Finest of Sand Sobd. Regular 5o cake
Dr. Price's Baking Powder, C
Regular 25c can. ' * n IWW
Port, Sherry and Angelica, gal 95c
Extra choice. Resrular tI.SO gal
Bye and Bourbon Whisky, gal $2.50
5 years old. Regular J3. 50 gal
Send for Monthly Price List Free
Country Orders promptly attenrt»"rf t~
. ofS? M . o - * y U^ wLn " lthln ™ -"«•
1348-1304 Market Street.
OPP. Ith. -Phone S. 2Q 2 . Xo %*£r2El
tho popular cure for U
IRBITATED THROATS. 9
14