SEES IN A VISION
THE COLLAPSE OF
BRITISH EMPIRE
Washington! April 22.— An
Intelligent!, man, who has written
books, who. has held^high official
station, who Is known '¦ well as a
public speaker, receives from time
to time communications through
what he considers supernatural
agencies. This man is not a Spirit
ualist in the ordinary sense. He Is
not dependent upon mediums. Things
are revealed to him as he sits
alone. in his room. Not long ago
he had a vision which forecasted
for him one of the severe defeats
of the British In South Africa. He
saw one of the checks of Buller's
army when the- campaign to relieve
Ladysmith took its most dis
astrous turn. But the most not
able communication ol his was one
which came to him within the past
week. This is the . communica
tion:
"The coming century will see re
markable, wonderful - changes |in
governments and religion. The
different branches of the Christian
church-will comes closer to onean
other. ¦ Love of God .will bring
men nearer to brotherhood. Sec
tarian bitterness will in a great
part be wiped out. Within the
next quarter century ' a great
upheaval ,of European, govern
ments will take place. Repub
lican "governments will- be the rule;
monarchies the exception. At the
opening .of the second quarter
century- Queen Victoria will die
very suddenly • and so on. The
The Prince. of Wales will. come to
the throne. After a short reign
he will die by violence. The Duke
of York will succeed him and be the
last of the line of monarchs of
Great Britain for the present. A
republic wlll.be established in Eng
land in about flfteeK years. India
will be lost to GreKt Britain in
the meantime. After the loss of
India rapid decline of tht power of
Great Britain will take place.
France will have . comparative
peace and prosperity, with a stable
republican government for at least
twenty-five years to come."
The recipient of this forecast
has unqualified . faith - it , it. He
seeks no personal notoriety. , He
prefers his. name - should— not be*
associated . with, it publicly, but he
confidently consents to its publica
tion. <"- •
port of Cebu. Here the captain pleaded
that the, vessel was engaged in, the coast-
Ing trade, and in the transportation of
insurgent troops under compulsion, a
force of armed .Insurgents having been
kept en board continually; and, further.'
that he was constantly under arrest and
made to obey insurgent authority on the
Mindanao' coast under penalty of death
for disobedience. His statement was in
part substantiated by the original com
munications and Instructions of the insur
gent officer.
Three other vessels which had been cap
tured by the navy on December 15, 1599,
were all flying the. Insurgent flag at the
time of their capture, and were equipped
for inter-island trade. In the ; cases of
two of the vessels, the owners confessed
that their vessels were trading under the
insurgent flag, off the coast of Leyte. but
they denied the use of the flag by their
authority. In the case of the third ves
sel, it appears she had been engaged; for
nearly a year in conducting an insurgent
trade along the northern coast of Min
danao, having made many, trips to small
ports of that Island and collected hemp at
the port of Surlgao. Her many clear
ances were furnished by insurgent officers,
and the insurgent flag was displayed dur
ing the whole period of time. .
In the case of the Surlgao. General Otis
imposed a fine of , sloo, but. in;vlew of
the fact- that legitimate 'trade was .sus
pended and the inhabitants jof the j islands
were in need of, food supplies General Otis
deemed' it proper -not, to
but to Impose a" fine of 15 per cent of their
VICIOUS ELEPHANT
CHOKED TO DEATH
BY HIS TRAINERS
Er>«c!at Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 22.— "Dick."
the vicious elephant belonging to
the Sells & Forepaugh circus, was ¦
• strangled to death in Madison ¦
Square Garden to-day in an it- •
tempt to subdue his belligerent dis
position. "Dick" was one of the •
original Forepaugh dancing ele- ¦
phants and was trained by Adam ¦
Forepaugh Jr. nearly twenty years ¦
• ago. A few weeks ago he began •
showing a rebellious disposition. ¦
When the circus reached Madison
Square Garden "Dick" became •
dangerous and heavy chains were ¦
fastened to his four legs and also ¦
to his tusks.
While preparations were being ¦
made to-day to move the circus
"Dick" started to trumpet. . When •
an elephant . does this, circus peo
place say, he is likely to stampede '
the others. As there were four
teen elephants. Lewis Sells, one of
the proprietors of the show, decided
upon stern measures.
Huge ropes were passed around •
tho giant's body and about his
neck, a dozen men seized the ends
and began to pull, the idea being
to choke him into submission.
"Badger." a colored man. got too ¦
near "Dick" and the latter struck •
him with his trunk, knocking him '
ten feet.
Finding the men made no Im
pression upon him. Mr. Sells had •
elenhants attached to the ropes.
They pulled with such vigor that
the ropes tightened about "Dick's"
neck and choked - him to death.
The cajcass was cut up and carted
away. It took fourteen men near
ly sixteen hours to perform the
task. The elephant was about
thirty-five years old and weighed
5000 pounds. The skin may be
stuffed and pfaced in Andrew Car- ¦
dicatlng that he had been traveling a
long distance, but I could not ascertain
from . what point. ' The . Boer . commando
reoccupies strong positions around Spltz
kop. about eight miles northeast of
Boshof."
A dispatch to the Times from Jammers
burg, dated Saturday. says: "The Boers
are displaying renewed activity. Five
guns were used freely to-day from four
different positions against our position.
Officers and men are on duty day and
night in the trenches, and the heavy rains
of late have made their task a great feat
of endurance and pluck."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Morning Post, telegraphing on Friday,
says: "President Steyn's address to the
burghers was an impassioned speech.
He implored them. to continue their re
sistance until the results of the efforts
of the Boer peace commissioners were
known." -
WANTS A GOVERNMENT
BY SOUTH AFRICANS
CAPE TOWN. April 22.— Sir Alfred Mll
ner, replying to-day to a deputation of the
Guild of Loyal Women of South Africa,
who are sending an address to the Queen,
said:
"An attempt is being made to confuse
men's minds by saying that in the future
there will be two parties here In South
Africa. Speaking as an imperialist, I can
only say that it is an essential part of my
political creed that South Africa should
be governed in the interest and by the
agency of, the people who have made it
their home."
Ho deplored the intolerant spirit and
mania of suspicion now rampant.
Death of a Pioneer.
COVELO, April 22.— News has been re
ceived from Mendoclno of the death yes
terday of William Host, a pioneer settler
of Covelo and of late years a prominent
citizen of Mendoclno City. Deceased
leaves a family of crown-up children.
EARL RUSSELL IN CHICAGO.
With His Bride "Will Leave in a Few
Days for London.
CHICAGO. April 22.— Earl Russell, whoso
recent divorce in Nevada from the
Countess Russell and marriage immediate
ly afterward to Mrs. Mollie Cook caused a
sensation in England, arrived in Chicago
to-day, accompanied by his bride. The
Earl says he will leave In a few days for
London, regardless of the theories of some
English lawyers that his divorce is cot
SON OF CRONJE TO
OPPOSE METHUEN
" LONDON, April 23.— A correspondent .of
the Times at Boshof, telegraphing - Sat
urday, says: "I, have been with an am
bulance to the Boer lines. While there I
conversed with Commandant Cronje, sec
ond son of the famous general, and with
Assistant' Commandant Bowthwaite.
They had expected Lord Methuen to ope
rate to the eastward and were still ex
pecting him and "they. were confident that
they could defeat his ' column. \ Bowth
waite complained that he ' had not
changed his clothing for a fortnicht. in-
ONE WEEK'S
SLAUGHTER
OF TAGALS
Number of Killed or Mor
tally Wounded Exceeds
a Thousand.
AMERICAN LOSS TRIFLING
General Pio Del Pilar, Formerly Re
ported Slain, Appears at the Head .
of His Old Command Hear
San Miguel.
MANILA, April 22.— Last week was
one of the bloodiest of the war since the
first day's fighting around Manila, authen
tic reports.- mostly official, showing a to
tal of 378 Filipinos killed, twelve officers
and 244 men captured and many more
wounded." * The number wounded can
hardly be estimated. Considering that
the Filipinos entirely lack hospital facili
ties, a great majority of the wounded will
die. Probably the. week's work .finished
1000 Insurgents. The American loss .was
nine killed and sixteen wounded. Two ser
geants and one private were killed in am
bush while escorting provision trains.
The insurgents have been aggressive in
almost every, province in Luzon. General
Pio del Pilar's band, numbering 300, which
was out of sight for three months, the
leader having been reported killed, has re
appeared in its old field about Sari Miguel.
Pllar Is supposed to be again In command.
He gave the American garrison at Han
Miguel, consisting of three companies of
the Thirty-fifth Infantry with a Gatling,
a three hours', fight during a night attack.
The los 3 of the insurgents in this en
gagement is not included in the forego
ing total, as they removed their dead and
wounded, but presumably it was consid
erable.
Twenty-two Filipinos In the province of
Santangas attacked Lieutenant Wende,
who with eight men was scouting near
San Jose. The lieutenant and five men
were wounded and one private was killed.
Sergeant Lednius of the Thirty-fifth In
fnntry was badly v/ounded in an ambush
near Ballung. Lieutenant Batch of the
Thirty-seventh Infantry, with seventy
men, had a five hours' fight with 400 in
surgents in the Nueva Caceras district.
Twenty of the insurgents were killed.
Colonel Smith of the Seventeenth In
fantry, who captured General Montenegro
and brought him to Manila, is in the lsola
tion hospital, suffering from smallpox.
Colonel Smith's command captured ISO
officers and men with Montenegro. Mon
tenegro, who was formerly one of the
most dapper officers in the Filipino army,
looks worn and haggard. He says he led
a terrible life for months and he has of
fered to return to the north- with Colonel
Smith to endeavor to persuade his former
comrades of the uselessness of opposing
the Americans.
One hundred escaped Spanish prisoners
from the province of South Luzon have
arrived at Manila. The Insurgents have
400 more Spanish prisoners in that dis
trict. Recently the Filipinos destroyed
several rods of the railroad line near
Paniquo, In an unsuccessful attempt to
wreck a train.
SHIPS CAPTURED WHILE
FLYING FILIPINO FLAG
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— Major Gen
eral Otis has informed the department in
the cases of several vessels captured . by
the navy for engaging in trade with the
insurgents in the Philippines. One' of; the
vessels captured, named the Suriglo, was
overhauled while flying the insurgent flag
and was immediately brought into the
WANTED FOR
MANY CRIMES
IN THE WEST
George H. "Wright, College
Graduate, Charged With
Four Murders.
FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE
President of Three Mining Companies
Deeds His Property to a Chi- -
. cago Attorney and Dis
appears.
CHICAGO. April 22.— A remarkable se
quel to a series of alleged crimes in the
Rocky ' Mountain country has come to
light here... The Chicago developments are
told in an interview by Attorney William
Candllsh of this city In explanation of no
tices received by the Chicago police ask
ing for the arrest of George' H. Wright,
alias James S. Weeks, alias C. T. Case,
alias Mr. .Stevens, a native, of Michigan
and a graduate of the law department of
the University of Ann Arbor, charged
with having murdered four persons, three
in Utah and one in Colorado.
Candlish says he became ac
quainted with Wright because they lived
at the same Chicago, hotel, in July. 1597,
and Wright engaged him to go West and
gamier evidence" to defend him on • the
charge of having murdered a man named
Crampton near Guffy,' Colo., in January,
1897. Wright then, it is alleged, -under
the name of Case, deeded to Candllsh a
bank ( building, a residence, two office
buildings and numerous vacant lots In
CriPPle Park .and,: Guffy, Colo., besides
transferring to him all his stock In va
rious mining-' enterprises;- 'Candllsh says
Case left -his ; office, to return in an hour
with $200- as advance payment on Cand
llsh's ; traveling expenses, and has not re
turned to^thts day.^The Chicago man in
terested in Case's mining property sent
Candllsh West. : however, and he exam
ined-the (Property at Cripple Park and
Guffy, -and- was' later made -president of
the Hub Hill Mining Company and of the
Fines Mining Company and counsel for
the Union Mining Company. Case had
been president of the three companies.
Case ' told ] Candlteh he was innocent of
Crampton's ¦ death and that the charge
was an effort of> enemies and business
rivals to ruin him. A circular issued by
Sheriff George A. Storrs of,Provo City.
Utah, charges that Wright murdered
three boys in Utah County in February,
1595, and sank their bodies beneath the
ice of Utah Lake, the alleged reason of
the crime being that the boys claimed to
have knowledge of Wright's guilt as a
cattle thief. This explanation was, it is
alleged, given to the Utah State Board of
Pardons in the hearing of a pardon last
April for the ¦tepfather of the three boys,
who had been convicted of their murder
and sentenced to be hanged, the witnesses
before the Pardon Board being the di
vorced wife of the missing Wright, whose
property and official positions have so
strangely fallen to Attorney Candlish la
Chicago, half-way across the continent.
IMPELLED BY
JEALOUSY TO
TAKE A LIFE
W. H. McMullen Shoots
J. Channon, Hotel Keeper
at Marysville.
VICTIM'S WOUND IS MORTAL
Tragedy Results From the Real or
Fancied Alienation of the Affec
tions of the Assailant's j
Special Dispatch to The CUL — !
MARYSYILLE, April 22.^John Chan*
non, landlord of the Dawson House la this
city, was shot and fatally wounded by
"W. H. McMullen. one of his lodgers, at
noon to-day. The trouble was not unex
pected, as it has been brewing for several
weeks. McMullen. who is a hostler em
ployed at the Nelson livery stable. Is of a
quarrelsome disposition and Jealous of his
wife. ' On several occasions recently he
has upbraided Channon for the latter*s
alleged attentions to Mrs. McMullen and
yesterday he accused Channon of having
caused their separation.
According to the deathbed statement of
Channon to District • Attorney McDnnlel.
McMullen approached him tonlay and
again accused him of having alienated his
wife's affections. Again Channon denied
the charge. Finally both men agreed .to
go to Mrs. McMullen's room and let her
decide as to the truth or. falsity of the
accusation. Mrs. McMullen's mother.
Mrs. Granier, was present when the men
entered the room. Channon say 3 he put
the question to Mrs. McMullen. and she
made positive denial that he was in any
way accountable the separation of
herself and her husband. McMullen
shouted: "You He!" drew a revolver and
shot Channon in the left side just below
the heart. The men wete only three feet
apart and Channon's clothing and flesh
were badly powder burned. The wounded
man grappled with Mcilullen. who wan
trying to shoot again, and succeeded in
wresting the pistol from him, when out
siders separated them. McMullen then
went to the police station and gave him
self up.
The prisoner's story to the police is quite
different from Channon's. He says he
went to his wife's room and found Chan
non standing by her side with his hand
resflng on her shoulder. He accused
Channon of having come between him
and his wife, and says that Channon be
came angry and finally picked a heavy
object from the table and threw it at him.
It struck him on ' the head and almost
stunned him. causing him to sink to his
knees. He says Channon was about to
strike him again when he drew his pistol
and fired. He exhibited a deep scalp
wound in substantiation of his story. The
women corroborate Channon.
Surgeons found that the bullet passed
through Channon's body, the point of exit
being about one inch to the left of the
spinal column. He cannot recover.
Channon is a married man. his family
living in the house where the trouble oc
curred. He formerly was engaged in
fanning with his brother, Frank Chaa
non, near Live Oak. '
CRONJE'S FOUR THOUSAND ON THEIR MARCH SOUTH GUARDED BY BRITISH BAYONETS.
THE ABOVE PICTURE. TAKEN FROM THE SPHERE, WAS MADE FROM A SKETCH TAKEN AT KLIP KRAAL. EIGIrT MILES SOUTH OF PAARDEBERG, "WHERE THE BOER PRISONERS
WERE MET BY W. B. W ALLEN, SPECIAL ARTIST FOR THAT PAPER. THE PRISONERS WERE 4119 IN NUMBER. AND WERE STRONGLY GUARDED BY THE COLDSTREAM3
AND HALF A BATTALION OF THE SCOTS GUARDS, WHO MARCHED WITH FIXED BAYONETS FOUR PACES APART ON EACH SIDE OF THE COLUMN. OUTSIDE OF THESE
AGAIN MARCHED AT INTERVALS MOUNTED INFANTRY AND CITY IMPERIAL VOLUNTEERS, WHILE WELL OUT ON THE FLANKS WERE COLUMNS SCOUTING THE COUN
TRY TO GUARD AGAINST ANY POSSIBLE ATTEMPT AT RESCUE.
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 154.
SAN FRANQISCO, MONDAY, APRIL. 23, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
AWAITING NEWS
OF THE ADVANCE
OF LORD ROBERTS
London Military Experts Believe
'the ForwaM Movement Is
About to Begin.
Patriots Will Make Their Stand Between the
Invading Army and the Transvaal
Borders.
MASERU, Basutoland, April 22.— General
Brabant's advanced guard reached Bush
mans Kop last evening:. The Boers held a
strong position there with two guns. The engage
ment opened at sunrise with heavy rifles. At 6:30
A. M. cannonading began and continued for sev
eral hours. General Brabant's forcas are on the
plain and have fairly open country all the way to
Wepener.
Evidently the Boers reattacked Colonel Del
gaty to-day. Colonel Delgaty heliographed : "All
well. Boers fired 300 shells yesterday withour
doing much damage."
MASERU, Basutoland, April 21, evening. — Four
Boer guns have been nard at work all day on Col
onel Delgaty's position. The British guns have
replied at intervals. The Boers are divided into
three divisions, two being in positions to repel the
relief columns, the distant roar of whose artillery
is audible. General Brabant's relief force is re
ported to be to-day in the neighborhood of Bush
mans Kop, twenty miles from Wepener.
The Basutos are posted on the border for de
fensive purposes. They are behaving in orderly
fashion, but are showing the most intense interest.
?
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald Company.
LONDON, April 23. — Now that fine weather continues to be reported
from Bloemfontein, the general feeling here is that news of Lord Rob
erts' advance may be received at any moment. '
General Rundle, with the Eighth and Third divisions, advancing
from Reddersburg to Dewetsdorp, had a hot encounter at Orlogs
pcort on Friday. It is stated that General Rundle was unable to make fur
ther progress, but the true explanation probably is that he is waiting for
the movement of Lord Roberts' troops from the north and General Bra
bant's from the south before striking. The Boers appear to be in great force
and determined to make a resolute stand.
General Brabant's force, advancing from Rauxville. engaged the Boers
at Bushmans Kop. twenty miles from Wepcncr. He has with him not only
the Colonial division, but also General Hart's brigade, four battalions
strong, dn;wn from the Natal army.
Another indication that Lord Roberts' advance is near at hand is the
fact that Lord Kitchener is busy making various disciplinary changes, which
•will, it is expected, result in perfecting any inadequacies in the organization
of the system which his vigilant eye has observed.
Beyond a few small affairs of outposts near Glen and Bosmans Kop.
nothing of importance has taken place in the immediate neighborhood of
Bloemfontein. The Boers continue their sniping tactics, but the general im
pression in the British camp appears to be that the burghers will make no
determined stand south of Brandfort.
Fighting reported in the neighborhood of Boshof bears out the view
expressed by a military expert that the Boers are determined to offer to
Lord Roberts the most vigorous resistance of which they are capable. For
tome time past a part of Lord Methuen's force has been holding an ad
vanced position at Zwaxtkoppiefontein, northeast of Boshof. On Friday
they found their security menaced by 2000 Boers under the command of a
son of General Cronje. When the column retired a determined attack was
made upon the baggage train. It failed, owing to the skill with which the
operations were conducted on the British side, but it is obvious that the re
tirement was effected just in time. The fact 'that the Boers necessitated a
withdrawal at all is conclusive evidence that they have not lost their dar
ing, nor did they fail to appreciate the danger threatening their extreme
right by the massing of a British force, composed entirely of mounted
troops, at Boshof.
It is to be noted, too. that the Boer guns were busy again on Saturday
shelling the Elands Laacte collieries, a fact which seems to dispose of the
previous report that they had been withdrawn from Biggarsberg. All things
considered, therefore, some heavy fighting may be expected very soon.
?
RAIDERS PROVIDING HORSES FOR ROBERTS' ARMY.
LONDON. April 22.— The Stan-lard publishes a long dispatch from Bloemfon
tcin. dated Friday, explaining the numerous difficulties which tend to delay the
Cdvancp to Pretoria. The correspondent says:
"Enormous transport difficulties are enhanced by the rainy weather and by
the necessity of providing for the needs of the army for weeks, perhaps months,
in case of an interruption of the long line of communications, together with the
unsettled state of the country in our rear and the guerrilla tactics of the enemy.
It is obvious that until our flanks are cleared and no longer menaced no forward
movement is possible without incurring th« gravest risks.
"The roost pressing need is a further supply of horses. General Hamilton has
availed himself of the services of the Australian bushmen to scour the Free
State in all direction?, buying horses from farmers who have surrendered, and
driving In animals found upon unoccupied farms. Horse raiding Is dangerous
work, but the bushmen are more than a match for the Boers."
REPORT THAT GENERAL DEWET IS DEAD.
LONDON. April 23.— The Daily News has the following from Lourenzo Mar
ies, dated Friday, April 20:
"It is reported here that General Dewet has been killed. Other European am
bular.ee corps besidrs the Irish-American are taking up arms In behalf of the
Boers. The latter are unable to obtain smokeless powder. Trenches are being con
structed for t-lßht miles around Pretoria. There ar« Pixty-nine guns in position at
Kroonstad and seven French guns at Pretoria. Twenty-five mines at Johannes
burg have been charged with dynamite and the Johannesburg fort has been dis
mantled.
BOERS HAVE EIGHTY THOUSAND MEN.
LONDON, April 23.— The Lourenzo Marquez correspondent of the Times, under
Saturday's date, says: "Information received from responsible sources shows'that at
one time the two republics had 105,000 men In the field. Including the colonial rebels.
According to the same Informant they can still muster £0,000, of which 50.000 are in
the Free State. 10,000 are in the Biggarsberg district and 15,000 in the district of
Fourteen Streams and Klerksdorp. It Is now believed that before the war the
burgher list* were deliberately falsified in order to deceive the British intelligence
department."
DECISIVE BATTLE MAY HAVE BEEN FOUGHT.
LONDON. April 23.— 1t Is quite probable that by this time General Sir Henry
Bundle has fought a decisive battle with the Boers. He Intrenched himself on
Saturday to await the arrival of General Campbell with the Sixteenth Brigade.
That commander arrived on Saturday evening and news may, therefore, be ex
pected at any moment- . •
WARREN TO BE FREE STATE'S GOVERNOR.
LONDON. April 22.— 1t Is reported that Sir Charles Warren Is to be appointed
Governor of the Free State. Nothing is known regarding Sir Redvers Buller,
but there is little doubt regarding his removal, and rumor has It that Lord Kltch-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLShot Himself.
GRASS VALLEY. April' 22.— F. Pedronl,
a Swiss watchmaker and .Jeweler, blew
out his brains this morning. He placed
the barrel of a shotgun In his mouth and
pulled the trigger. Pedronl had brooded
over business troubles. A widow and six
children, who reside In Napa^County, sur
vive him.
Cattle Butchers Strike.
NEW YORK. April 22.— A strike of the
small cattle butchers In the employ of
Swift & Co. has been declared and may
spread to every part of the city.
be put out of earning a little income for
myself. But I could not endure It any longer
to be Insulted by any man like Dr. Shearer.
Every chance he could get he tried to ruin
me and my character. He even tried to
persuade me to Btay with him. he would
keep tne. saying I would not have to go
out working any more, and If I did not like
it down here Just to let him know and he
would send me money to come back to
Santa Rosa.
He tried many a time to get me to stay
overnlr^t at his office, and said he would
send me out again In the morning In a. cov
ered buggy to nobody would see me. which,
of course, would have been at the expense
of tiie county.
It was nqt enough to Insult me every tim^
that I had tf> come to the office for an or
der, but every chance that he could »os
slbly get out at the hospital he would try.
He would even sometimes send Miss Pohl
mann out of the office for an evils* bo as
to be alone with me, and sometimes me.
Of course, perhaps, she had the same experi
ence, as I had.
The hospital has been known as ft house
of prostitution by what I have heanl since
I left there. I heard pomethlnsr about guch
kind before I went there, hut did not believe
It until I libd the "pleas-ure" of learning
that rumors were true, nnd I believe It, be
cause no girl that had any respect for her
self or her kin could stay there, because
If she did not comply to Dr. Shearer's
wishes she would be sent away.
I will not take up any mors of your time,
but I hope that you men that respect your
selves and others will mnk<? some chanue.
so as to help a poor and friendless girl and
many others. I leave this letter In care of
Mlsb Anna Pohlmann to deliver when you
all meet again. If any of you wish to know
or find out anything about other matters
my address Is 332 North First street. S»n
Jose. Cal., and I am at your service. Re
spectfully yours,
BERTHA SUN DELI*
Miss Pohlmann Is now at her home in
San Francisco.
Miss Pohlmann, who has for fourteen
years been a member of the German Bap
tist Church of this city, became matron of
the Sonoma Hospital in July, 1899. She re
signed early In March. She now resides
with her mother at 66 Sharon street, in
this city.
Miss Pohlmann declared that no girl
who valued her honor could work under
Dr. Shearer. He was a very bad man, she
declared, and tried to corrupt all the
women about him. She had intended,
she said, to let the matter drop after her
resignation and avoid scandal, but Rev.
Mr. Gaston. who had heard of the matter,
had acted— had written and told her it waa
her duty to present the facts to the
Board of Supervisors. After thinking over
the matter carefully she had conclude I
he was right, and that perhaps. If the
truth became known, further evil might
be averted. She made an affadavit and
had Miss Sundell do likewise.
Miss Pohlmann said that she and Miss
Sundell both complained to the Board of
Supervisors about Shearer, but that the
board took no action, and she and her
fellow victim concluded to resign when
they became convinced tne board would
not investigate.
SUBLIME PORTE
REPLIES TO THE
UNITED STATES
American Claims Are to Be
Treated Like Those of
Oilier Nations.
This Government Joins in the Pro
test of the Powers Against the
Increase of Import
Duties.
? -.;..¦•-?
? CONSTANTINOPLE. April 22.— ?
•?¦ An imperial irade has heen Issued -?¦
¦?¦ ordering the Porte to formulate ?
-?¦ proposals regarding the customs ?¦
4- duties as sufrcfyted in •the^-ollective ?
? note of the Ambassadors presented •?¦
•?¦ on April 7. -?¦
? ?
CONSTANTINOPLE. April 22-Thc
Torte has replied t<> the American de
mands, statinp that Turkey will comppn
¦al# American missionaries under the
; fane conditions as in the case of other
Th.> L'nited Statts legation joined the
other embassies in protesting against the
I increase of import duties, the reply to the
[notification of th* Porte asserting that the
T'nitM States Government expects to be
' jireviously consulted with regard to any
Tho Porte has not yet replied to the last
collective note, but the changed tone of
Th'^ Ottoman olficials li-ads to a belief that
¦n settlement has been reached in con
formity with the demands of tho foreign
. representatives. It is now fully expected
"that th*> port? will Invite the; embassies
in riiscuss the proposed chance*. There is
the Kreatfst interest in political circle
jvparding th*> attitude of the United
. P;at<>s In tbe. indemnity claim, and it is
belK ved that the powers having similar
claims will support American action.
WAPHINTON. April 2Z— Neither Secre
tary Hay nor the Turkish Minister has
been advlfed of the reported action ot the
Port*- in replying to th«* American de
rKsnOs. In the absence of official Informa
tion and <>f the specific conditions, of the
reply rffieials here prefer not to discuss
th<» matt»r. but express th«* hope that a
satisfactory settlement of the differences
lvtw«v-n the two countries may be
LEW WALLACE VOUCHES
FOR SULTAN'S HONESTY
VTASHINGTOXJ April 22— General Lew
Wallace, formerly Minister to Turkey. In
ciscu.-sii!tr the prevent controversy re-
Wt tirg Indemnity for destruction of mis
sionary buildings, said to-night to a Post
representative :
•I thitik 1 am better acquainted with the
Boltan <;f Turkey than possibly any other
American, and I know he is an honest
man. :tr;d I never knew him to br^ak a
yrcmije. Abdal Hatnid Is no more to be
lilamcil for th<* gross atrocitit-s committed
en«i tho property destroyed by th«>
Kbonrds than VVilliam McKluley would
W it the Apaches should go upon the war-
T>ath and r-i:ty the white settlers, as they
have don** In tim«*s past. The acts were
P'Tf.orited upon the Armenians, but no
Americans suff<-rfd the loss of a hair.
The Christians In Turkey arc then 1 under
the patronage of the Sultan, and without
hi" protection they euld not remain. Not
«. Christian church Is burned or a mission
doptroyed. but th»- Sultan Is the ttrst man
to subscribe to rebuilding. I know this
tO be BO."
Oscar S. Strauss, the T'nitf-d States Min
ister to Turkey, who 1« now on lt-ave of
absence, arrived In the city to-night from
!C*W York.
Metal rußtis initials or name stamped In
gold . leaf free "of charge on all leather
goods purchased at Sanborn & Vail's, 741
Market street. . •
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Ttke laxative Brotno. Qulnto* Tablet*. All
<!n:*rßi«t» refund th* tnor.py If It f«U» to cure.
E. W. Grove* denature :* on eAch box. tie.
Henry A. Robinson Dead.
DETROIT, April 22.— Henry A. Robin
son, ex-statistlcian of the Agricultural
Department and ex-Stato Labor Commis
sioner, died to-day, aged 58 years. Mr.
Robinson nominated Peter Cooper for the
Presidency in tho Greenback convention
at Indianapolis.
Total Coal Production.
WASHINGTON. April 22.— According to
returns representing between 80 and 90 per
cent of the total tonnage, the production
of coal In the United States In 1599 Is esti
mated by Edward W. Parker, statistician
of the United States Geological Survey, to
have : amounted to 230.538.97-1 long tons,
eaulvalent to 258,539,650 short tons. As
compared with the production in 1898.
when the product amounted to 198,405,953
long tons, or 219,974,667 short tons, this In
dicates an Increase of over 34,000,000 long
tons, or 17.5 per cent. . ,
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American Steamship
ZEALANDIA,
CAPACITY SCOO TON'S. FOR
NOME - - - - Direct,
Sal'.lnz from San Francisco
First Sailing... May 21, 1903
Second Sailing (Ce^lBl) June 25, 1900
S. S, MORNING STAtrr.
Direct fr,r ST. MICHAEL AND NOME.
SAILING. MAT »4. 13C0.
Through Service ror Dawaon and Yukon Rlvsr
_; _ Points.
For Rates. Passengers and Fre'.sht. Apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
THE HEALTH HABIT.
Just as Easy to Form as Any Other.
Vie do not deliberately form our* pet
habits, but they are unconsciously ac-
quired and prow as we grow, and by the
time we learn they are hurtinjr us. we
find them too stronjr to be easily broken.
Then, why not form a good habit, a
habit which will counteract the many bad
ones, in other words contract the unfash-
ionable habit of being always well.
The best health habit to get into is to
have and keep a vigorous stomach; if you
have a healthy digestion you can drink
your beloved coffee, smoke your favorite
brand of tobacco, with little or no harm;
the mischief begins when these things are
forced upon the faithful stomach, without
any assistance.
Form the habit of taking after meals
some harmless but efficient digestive
which will relieve the stomach of so much
extra work.
Nature furnishes us with such digestives
and when they are combined In such a
pleasant preparation as Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets, they give the overworked
stomach just the necessary assistance to
nccure perfect digestion without any of
the harmful effects of cathartics and sim-
ilar drugs.
The habit of taking Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after meals is as necessary to the
wtak stomach as' food itself, and indeed
to get the benefit from food eaten, noth-
ing better and certainly nothing safer can
be used.
Many families consider Stuart's Tablets
as essential in. the house as knives and
loiks.
They consist entirely of natural uigest-
ive principles without the effect or char-
acteristics of drugs: they have no cathar-
tic action, but simply go to work on the
food taten and <i!gest it.
Take into account your bad habits and
the expense they entail and then Invest
fifty cents In a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and see If your digestion" for the
next month is not vastly improved.
Ask the clerk in any drug store the
name of the most successful and popular
stomach remedy- and he will say "Stu-
art's."
RIVERA WILL
RESIGN FROM
CUBAN CABINET
Outcome of the Island Pa
triot's Demand for In
dependence.
It Is Predicted That the Other Sec
retaries Will Soon Follow the '
HAVANA, April 22.-General Ruls Ri
vera, Secretary of Agriculture, has had a
long Interview with Governor General
Wood regarding the letter which he wrote
urging a union of political parties and a
unanimous, demand for independence by
the end of 1901. General Rivera will prob
ably resign early this week from his of
ficial position.
The Cubano predicts that 'the remaining
Secretaries will do likewise, as it is recog
nized that General Rivera holds a power
ful influence.
In the course of the interview General
Rivera Informed Governor General Wood
that he had not meant any personal dis
courtesy, but that he Is of the opinion
that he would prefer to be untrammeled
by office, so that Tie might speak out his
mind on political matters without embar
rassing the Government.
The members of the Cabinet are still
considering where they stand with re
spect to the recently expressed views of
General Ruis Rivera. Most of them feel
If they do not resign the" will be looked
upon by Cuban voters as being neglect
ful of the interests of the island, while,
on tho other hand, they feel that. If they
should resign, they would not only lose
their salaries, but also that their places
would be occupied by members of the
Democratic Union party, which repre
sents the conservative element, together
with all the autonomist organizations.
With the exception of Senor Villalon, the
members of the present Cabinet are
members of the National party, and they
would dread the effect of a new party
coming into office; for, with the patron
age at the disposal oi the new party. It
would unquestionably become predomi
nant.
As a matter of fact, the Democratic
Union party, whose leaders believe in giv
ing the United States full swing, is al
ready fast gaining ascendancy. .
FIVE-YEAR-OLD
BOY TORTURES
A BABY GIRL
Brutally Kicks the Little
One and Attempts to
Hang Her.
Massachusetts Lad Who Rivals the
Notorious Jesse. Pomeroy in the
Intensity of Youthful •
Depravity.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. April 22.— A crime, which in
the intensity of youthful depravity has
not been paralleled since the days of the
famous Jesse Fomeroy. has shocked the
city of Fall River. Little Jennie Brooks,
who lacks two months of being 3 years
of age, was assaulted and mercilessly
beaten and cruelly . tortured by a play
mate named James Clayton, who Is only
5 years old.
Mrs. Brooks, the mother of Jennie, al
lowed her to go out for recreation about
her home. She shortly afterward fell in
with James Clayton, and the pair were
soon engaged in play. In a short time the
youthful pair had made their way into
an unoccupied dog kennel in a yard near
by. They had not been there a great
while when James Murtaugh. aged 10
years, saw young Clayton emerging from
the kennel alone. The child called to
James and said: "Sco what 1 have done,"
laughing joyously. M&rtausb went to
the kennel and was horrified to tlnd the
little girl lying on the floor unconscious,
naked, terribly beaten and bruised, -and
about her nock a rope.
When Clayton had succeeded in enticing
the little girl into the kennel he proceeded
to strip off her clothes! after which he
punched and kicked her until he was too
exhausted to continue the work. Then he
tied a rope or stout cord about her neck.
The examination by Dr. Boylan proved
that the child was a mass of bruises from
the top of her head to the soles of her
feet. The boy admitted having caused
the bruises by kicking the littlo one. The
boy was not at all Dackward about
answering the questions of officers, -but
could give no explanation or motive for
his cruelty. The lad has a mania for such
actions. The neighbors accuse him of
having hanged cats and dogs, as he.evi
dently tried to, do to this child.
KILLS HIS WIFE
ON THE STEPS
OF A CHURCH
Awful Crime of an Aged
Man in View of the
Congregation.
Sends a Bullet Into the Brain of the
Woman and Holds Specta
tors Back With His
Revolver.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SYRACUSE, Nj V.. April 22.— Just as the
congregation was pouring out of. St. Vin
cent di Paul's Church after late mass at
noon, a white-haired man rushed up to the
church door, drew a revolver and fired
four shots Into the group of worshipers
coming down the steps. Women screamed
and men made a rush for the assailant,
who. brandishing his smoking weapon,
shouted: ••:>.¦ .v?-
"Keep away. I have three shots more,
and I'll put a bullet through the first man
who dares to Interfere with me."
In the momentary panic following this
threat a woman broke away from the
crowd and ran. shouting for help.
"He has threatened my life before." she
cried, "and I'm sure he means to' kill
me."
Her foot sllped and she fell prostrate at
the bottom of the church steps. Before
any one could Interfere the man strode up
to her and demanded whether she would
come home and live with him.
"Oh. I'm afraid to," she moaned, writh
ing. . '
Then the man deliberately put the muz
zle of the pistol to the woman's ear and
blew out her brains. Some one ran for a
priest, who, still In the vestments In
which ho had celebrated mass, ran out
and attempted to administer the extreme
unction to the already dead woman. The
crowd attempted to close in on the mur
derer, but was deterred by his threats to
shoot.
"This is my affair," he said coolly.
"Keep away from me or I'll send you to
hell along with the woman."
Then he broke and ran.
The murderer was John Hughes of 133
Teall avenue and the woman was his wife.
Hughes is about 60 years old and his wife
was about the same age. They had. been
married only a few months, both having
been married before. Hughes had become
Insanely Jealous, and by threats to mur
der his wife bad driven her to seek refuge
with relatives. As ooon as tho crowd 'who
witnessed the tragedy recovered Its tvits
it -ran- in pursuit of Hughes, who fled to
the house of an acquaintance In Teall ave
nue, where a big negro named Dick Ma
lone, was the llrst to find* him. Malonc
wrested the weapon from the murderer's
hands and put his .back against the door
to prevent the escape of Hughes. The
latter seized a pair, of shears and made a
desperate attempt at suicide, driving the
shears into his body with all his might
and penetrating the left lung 1 . He was
overpowered and taken by the police to
St. Joseph's Hospital, where to-night the
doctors said he might recover. ;••.'
MISSISSIPPI SUFFERS
HEAVILY BY THE FLOODS
Passenger Service Badly Crippled
and the Pascagoula River Is
Now Ten Miles Wide.
MERIDIAN. Miss.. April 22.— The pas
senger service is badly crippled by the
floods, and passengers and mails are be
ing transferred In boats. The freight traf
fic Is entirely tuspended. This is on the
direct line of travel between New Orleans
and the Norih and East, antl traffic Is al
ways heavy. The Pascagoula River.
which the bridge crosses between West
Pascagoula and Sf-ranton. has been rising
very rapidly the past few days, and many
log "booms, broken away from their moor
ing up country, have been carried down
the river. The water continues to carry
hundreds of lops down stream, and the
spans may be forced completely off before
morning. The Pas^agoula River at the
point where the bridge crosses Is now ten
miles in width, the entire district being
traversed by the bridge and its ap
proaches.
General Russell A. Aiger and most of
the delegates to the B'nai B'rith conven
tion here were caught between the break
and Mobile.
Northern Louisiana points report an
other heavy rainstorm to-night. The rail
road track's are washed out at a number
of points, and the loss to strawberries and
\egetable garden? on account of lack of
shipping facilities will be heavy.
A Dallas. Texas, dispatch says rains
have fallen all over Texas to-day, extend
ing to "Trxarkana on the north and San
f.ntonio on the south. At San Ar.tonlo the
rain fell in torrents for three hours and
the streets were like rivers. A severe
wind storm prevailed this evening in
Northeastern Texas, doing much damage
In the vicinity of Marshal!.
SLAYERS OF HILDNER
ARE STILL AT LARGE
Mother of the Young Man Prostrated
and Can Give No Description
of the Thugs.
LOS ANGELES. April 22.— The police of
the city have evidently made no headway
in apprehending the two footpads who
last night held up Joseph Hildner and his
aged mother on Boyle Heights, and shot
and killed the young man when he tried
to run from them. Nearly the entire po
lice force of the city Is working on the
case, but so far without results. Not an
arrest has been made.
Mrs. Hildner Is completely prostrated
from the fright of the affair and the kill-
Ing of her son. and Is unable to give any
description of the two men. No one else
saw them. It was very dark at the place
where the holdup occurred and the men
got away before Mrs. Hlldner's cries for
help brought any other person to the
spot.
J. E. Fenton, who was held \ip some
time Inter In another part of the city,
says that the men who held him up were
a "tall man and a short man and that is
as near as he can come to a description of
them. They relieved him of his gold watch,
diamond ring and $1 in money.
Governor Gage has offered a reward of
$300 nnd Chief of Police Elton a reward of
$100 for the arrest and conviction of one
or both of the perpetrators of last night's
outrage, when young Hildner was killed.
The Chief also hopes to be able to offer
a further reward of »200 to be paid equally
by the city and county. , .
Rabbits and the Plague.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 22.— Australian
advices report that considerable alarm Js
expressed lest the bubonic plague be
spread by the rabbits, and a commission
has been appointed to investigate the pos
sibility of rabbits, like rats,- carrying the
dread disease. A report that rabbits had
Introduced the plague In ¦ Northern Victo
ria caused a panic In that colony.
ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN
ON FREE EDUCATION
Denies the Right of the State to Pre
vent Religious Teaching in
Schools.
NEW YORK. April 22.— 1n ail the Ro-
Jnan Catholic churches of the diocese a
pastora.l letter fmm Archbishop Corrigan
•wa.= r-^ad this morning. Education of the
Catholic children takes up the most con
spicuous place in the letter. The Arch
bishop urged the necessity of bringing
Catholic schools to the greatest attainable
efficiency, all Instruction therein to h<*
permeated by the .spirit of religion, and
urges the establishment of additional
echools. H*> continues:
"The tendency of the day Is toward
FTate monopoly of the teaching function,
the> crowding out of the parent and prlvat*
teacher and the prostration of everything
before a juggernaut state. As our country
glories in freedom of speech and freedom
of the press, it Is difficult to conceive why
ye should not also enjoy their logical ex
tension—freedom < f ••ducation.
"We caJl your attention to the Invasion
t\{ parental rights frequently attempted of
late years by our Jaw-makers, who would
base Irjrislation on the assumption, philo
sophically and historically false, that th<?
child hflonps first to the state and after
ward to the parent, and on the un-Ameri
can and socialistic theory that the state
«xlstf. not by and for the citizen, but the
citizen for the state."
FEARS FOR THE SAFETY
OF MANY WOODSMEN
Thrilling Run of a Special Train
Through Burning Forests
in Manitoba.
WINNIPEG. Manitoba * April 22.— Fire«
»long the Southeastern are still raging.
The entrapped special train succeeds! In
breaking through the flames and arrived
this morning after *jne of the most per
ilous trips in the history of railroading.
Brought in with It were several stragglers
found in a «'.esperatp condition near Vas
isar. Th» fugitives lost everything. AH
tell thrilling stories of escape from death.
BPsSdes Immense quantities of lumber
and wood two large lumbering out tits are
known to have been burned. The driv
ers'and b'-sshmen hay» scattered in all di
rections and out of 2"X) anly about thirty
are known to have reached a place of
eafcty. The intensity of the flames pre
cludes the possibility of any bodies being
recovered, as they would be reduced to
ashes. The fatalities will not be known
until contractors can rail the roll of their
men. The total loss ia estimated at
REBUKED BY WILLIAM.
Commander Yon Schleinitz Resigns
From the German Army.
BERLIN. April 22— When Emperor Wil
liam arrived at Altona the other day to
caiute the Prince of Wales, returning from
CorwnhP.Rrn to London, he was struck
with the lack of suitable arrangements on
the part of Lieutenant General yon
Schleinitz, commander at Altona. After
his return to Berlin the Emperor issued
ordt-rs giving General yon Schleinitz six
•months' Itave of absence. The general
has tendered his resignation and left the
army.
Strikers Are Quiet.
CROTON LANDING. N. V.. April 22.—
This was an exceedingly quiet day in
Camp Roosevelt. Members of the firm of
Coloman. Broughard & Coloman were
here to-<lay. looking over the ground.
They said they considered the strike at
en end. They expect no further trouble.
FROM BOSTON ON A WHEEL.
New England Youth Projects a Long
Journey.
Special Dlsßatch to The Call.
BOSTON. April 22.— T0-morrow, at 2:30
o'clock. John W. Watnwright of. Worces
ter, a youth of 21. will start from Boston
City Hall on a cycling trip to San Fran
cisco and return, which has never yet
been accomplished. He selected a wheel
weighing 20Vi pounds. He will call upon
Mayor Hart to get a letter, which he is to
carry overland to the Mayor of San Fran
cisco. Mr. Walnwright Is confident that
he will reach San Francisco by the Ist of
August. He intends to average 65 miles
a day riding for ten hours in each twenty
four.
cannot be reached. In reference to the
matter the Rev. \Y. L,. Gaston has this
to say:
When Mls3 Pohlmann flret spoke to me
concerning this matter I waa dumfounded.
I knew the young lady to be of the highest
moral character. She was a member of the
German Baptist Church of San Francisco,
and the members of that congregation spoke
of her In the warmest terms of praise and
admiration. I am convinced that her state
ments are true. I personally spoke of the
matter to several members of the Hoard of
Supervisors, but nothing was accomplished
that way. probably because of the fact that
the charges were not brought in regular
form. I then brought the subject up before
the Ministerial I'nlon. We are all agreed
that Dr. Shearer should be removed from
his office. On this point we are a unit and
are taking steps to act accordlnsly. We
have talked of holding a public Indignation
meeting anil may yet do go. The condition
¦ of affairs brought to light by the disclosures
<if these women i« outrageous. In certain
contingencies I would read the affidavits
v of the young ladles from my pulpit, and the
same thing would probably be done at the
same time In every Christian church of
Santa Itosa.
The affidavits spoken of by Rev. Mr.
Gaston are In line with a communication
Miss Sundell addressed to the Board of
Supervisors. Miss Pohlmann's containing
practically the same charges. That com
munication reads:
* To the Hoard of Supervisors. Santa Rosa,
Cal : You, the Hoard of Supervisors, who
are Interested In the welfare of the County-
Hospital, would like to know the reassns
for my leaving the hospital.
I. being a poor Klrl. making my own llv
lnr In what U known as an honest way,
tried my best to put up with what I of
course had to while at the hospital or else
SANTA ROSA, April 22.— Dr. M. M.
Shearer. County Physician, is ac
cused by two young women, former
nurses at the County Hospital, of
having used his opportunity a3 ex
offlclo superintendent of that Insti
tution to make Improper advances and
proposals to them. The young ladle? are
Miss Anna Pohlmann. now at her home.
C 6 Sharon street, San Francisco, and Miss
Bertha Sundell, at present at San' Jose.
Miss Sundell severed her connection with
the hospital on the Ist of February last,
and Miss Pohlmann followed suit a month
later, both assigning as their reason that
Dr. Shearer had made advances that made
It impossible for them to associate fur
ther with him and retain their self-re
sprct. | ; «\
The county Is all agog over the few In
timations already made concerning the
scandal, but the full truth will hardly be
known until the Board of Supervisors,
which seems to have been reluctant to in
vestigate the charges, is forced to their
consideration. This will be at their next
meeting, the first Monday in May, v»'hen
the Ministerial Union of Sar.ta Rosa will
force it on their attention.
The social and professional prominence
of Dr. Shearer and of his family and the
good character of the two young women
who make the charges against him,
coupled with the fact that the Ministerial
I'nion, composed of the clergy of all de
nominations, has taken up the cudgel in
their behalf, gives additional Interest to
the charges themselves. Miss Pohlmani),
who Is a graduate of St. Luke's Training
School for Nurses in San Francisco, was
matron of the Sonoma County Hospital,
and Miss Sundell, also a trained nurse,
was her assistant. Both in resigning give
as their reason that life at the hospital
was made unbearable by the advances of
the venerable superintendent. Several
times.. it. ls claimed, .the nurses laid their
grievances before the Individual Super
visors, but seemed unable to get a hear
' Ing. Finally John Scoggans. a well-known
liquor dealer, while on a visit to .the hos
pital heard of the matter and reported it
to Rev. W. L». Gaston, secretary of the
Ministerial Union. That body investigated
the matter and had several unofficial con
ferences with the Supervisors, seeking to
have them take up the matter. For one
reason or another the board did not do so.
Now it is proposed to force the Super
visors to some action to clear away the
scandal. Affidavits from both young
women are in the possession of the Min
isterial Union and will be presented at the
next meeting of the Supervisors, the
young women expressing their willingness
to testify in person in support, of their
accusations.
Dr. Shearer Is In Trinity County and
FEMALE NURSES ACCUSE
DR. SHEARER OF SANTA ROSA
They Charge That He Used His Position as County
Physician to Subject Them to Improper
ARMED MEN
GUARD THE JAIL
AT CLIFTON
It Is Feared Strikers Will
Attempt to Release
Prisoners.
Imprisoned Men Are Suspected of
Being the Persons Who Blew
Up the Lock at
" Thorold.
BUFFALO. N. V., April 22.— A Niagara
Falls special to the Express says: Chief
Youngs of the Dominion police, his force
of half a dozen regular policemen. 200
armed deputies and twenty militiamen
are jruarrilng the Jail at Clifton, Ontario,
where are confined the three men charge.!
with blowing up lock No. 24 at Thorold,
Ontario, lasi evening. V",
The extraordinary precautions taken
for the guarding of the men is the result
of a rumor to the eiTect that 4it> Butlalo
grain dhovelers were on their way here
to liberate the prisoners. The militia of
l ?• district, the Forty-fourth BattallonJ
was warned for service. Later Mayor
Slater, with two other magistrates, made
a oerr.and for a detachment of the bit
tallon to guard the jail on the ground
that the police would be powerless.
Captain Vandersluys at once called out
a detachment of twenty men, under a
sergeant . wno were put on guard. Tney
were serveu with ten rounas of ammu
nition eaon ana are now doing guard
doty at tne jail with fixed bayonets. .Last
nigut some thought the men who blew
up the lock were Boer sympathizers. To
day the opinion has changed. It Is now
believed me dynamiters were agents for
the Buffalo grain shovelers and sought
to blow up me lock for me purpose of
disabling me Welland canal, thereby pre
venting the passage of grain through the
canal from Port Colborae to Montreal.
With th<; canal closed, it is argued, the
Koopera of Buffalo might have more
wonc tliari they would have with the ca
nal open. This line or reasoning, aided
b- rumors or an impending- invasion of
scoopers from Buffalo, resulted in the he
roic measures taken by Sheriff Young?.
It was said in Clifton to-night that the
grain handlers of Buffalo had or;;^nized
lor the raid and that thty wculd reich
the Canadian town to-nignt. Not Know
ing what to expect after such an unusual
thing as the assault on the lock yester
day, tJie. authorities determined to take
no chances. It is believed that the force
at band will be able to repel any party
that may attempt to release the men
from jail. That such an attempt will be
made is not generally credited.
To-day Chief Youngs brought from
Thor.dd to Oifton two men who positive
ly identified the three men in jail as the
m«*n who were seen to run away from
the vkinitv of the lock after the exolO-|
Bion. The m<-n were arrested between
Thorold and Clifton. They were armi'd,
but lnnde no attempt t>> shoot. Two of
the men. Walsh and Nolan, had been
around the Canadian side of the river for
several days. Tin- third man. name un
known, had a room in Clifton, and fre
quently met the other two. who came
across the river. The unknown js be
lieved to be the leader of the gang. Nolan
says he is a mechanic from Phila
delphia. Walsh says he Is a bartender
from Washington. I>. C.
To-day the method of procedure of the
dynamiters was learned in full. The men
maOc sticks of dynamite into two
bundles. These bundles th«»y suspended
by rope? at point? about half way to tho
bottom of the lock at the mi<l<_!le. hulf
way from gate to gate. Wire? were found
after the explosion that l«-ad to the belief
thai the dynamite was exploded by <?lec
trioity. The men are believed to have
carried the batteries away with them
and to have disposed of thorn during the
flight. As large quantities of grain pass
over the pte«-l arched bridge of the Grand
Trunk, it is ?ni<l the men would have
blown It up if they had been able to es
cape arrest.
OTTAWA. Ont.. April 22.— A. B. Blair.
Minister of Railways, received a dispatch
to-day from Superintendent Thompson
of the Welland canal statlne that the
damage to thp canal was trifling and that
no df-lay would occur to the opening of
the c-anal to navigation as already ar
ranged for on A:>ril 25.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.
NEGROES PLOT
EXTERMINATION
OF WHITE MEN
First Assassination Is Fol
lowed by the Suicide of
the Criminal.
Flans of the Blacks Are Discovered
and Two of the Conspirators
Are Summarily
Lynched.
%
Special IMspatch to The Call.
ALLEXTOWX, La.. April 22.— A plot
for the extermination of the whites, a
cowardly assassination as the flr^ act
of the bloody drama, followed by the sui
cide of the terror-stricken murderer, the
discovery of the plot and the prompt
lynching of two of the negro conspirator*
in a record of the most exciting day In
the history of Allentown.
W. T. White, foreman of Allen Bros. &
Wadley's sawmill, was shot and Instant
ly killed by Jeff Rlston, a negro lumber
grader. The murderer escaped to his
cabin, but realizing that capture was In
evitable, sent a bullet through his own
head. Investigation developed the fact
that there was a conspiracy among the
negroes to massacre the whites. Enough
evidence was found to implicate John
Hughly and Ed Ames, two negroes, em
ployes of the mill, as the ringleaders in
the plot. Others were probably concern
ed, but the evidence was not conclusive
and they were not molested. Hughly ana
Ames were led to a spot 200 yards dis
tant from the mill.
White men numbering thirty placed the
prisoners in position against a tree, thirty
revolvers were simultaneously drawn and
at a word all rang out with but one re
pocX. The bullet-riddled corpses were left
where they had fallen.
The Inception of the trouble dates back
about a week. One of the negroes exe
cuted to-day engaged in a quarrel with a
white boy. The dispute was over a piece
ot work. The negto assaulted the boy,
hurling him backward on a moving belt.
I'fompt action of the employes alone
saved the boy from an awful death In the
wheels of the machinery.
Foreman White oraered the negro
whipped. The punishment was adminis
tered and the negro left the mill, but re
turned within several days and resumed
work as if nothing had happened. White
permitted the man to resume his former
position, and did not imagine that re
vengeful negroes were concocting a plot
which woula result in his death.
White nad occasion to reprove Riston
for some slight dereliction, wnich brought
the matter to a climax. At about S:3O he
left his place at the machine and crept
up behind Foreman White, who was at
the desk, urawlng his revolver \v tired
at close range, the bullet entering his
back at a vital point. Rlston fired
again, the second snot taking effect in
the breast^ The unfortunate man fell to
the floor, and the third bullet from the
desperate criminal's revolver missed the
falling body, imbedding itself in the wall
of tne mill.
White expired immediately. The mur
derer escaped in the confusion thru fol
lowed and ran into a near-by cabin and
killed himself. Whites gathered ana
upon consultation decided to rid the com
munity of the bad negroes and the dou
ble lynching alluded to above followed.
It Is not believed there will be any fur
ther trouble.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRICTLY
M \ RELIABLE
I s^ DR. TALCOTT
RamF^* & co *
t/K^tj^f\ Diseases and TVeak-
/ nesses ot
WTy men only -
NAY/ If »97 M»rk»t St. Cor. Bth.
_ s • '¦¦¦" j J Entire Upper Floor.
B'w XI B& |mm Rs Bob H ¦ w M
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
- -tf-& CO.**
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS f
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY j
Country buyers should rcmem- }
ber that \ve prepay freight within ?
ioo miles. Summer resorts and $
springs are availing the:nselve* of
our Special Trade Discount. _ Let >
us bid on your season's-suppiy. £
Tffi 10 different kinds 40c Ib
I Regularly !(Tc.
Van Camp's Soups 3 cans 25c
Concentrated, SI. 00 doz {
15 varieties. Reg. 12'ie. Jl £> doz. >
Matches, Parlor 40: box \
2 ruio In box; 12 borea In package. ?
I Swift & Courtney*!!. Reyn!ar!y 50c. 4
I Victory pr«>i!*»nta beautiful calendar >
vrlth each pacJtage. ,;2
Candles, Stearlc Acid 15c carton §
Best quality. «In carton. Reg. Me J>?
Moth Balls 5 Ids 25c \\
For packing away your winter V
clothing. Regularly 10c lb. Z
Lavsrine 3 pkgs 25c >
Make? washing easy. Reg. 19c pk*. >
La Farorlta de California, i
Table Claret doz qts $2.90 h
Too well known: needs no further <
commendation. Regularly S3 75. AI- ?
low 10c for return of empty bottles. <
Swast Wines 3 bottles $1.00 i
Pure California, Angellcm. Port.
Sherry. Tokay. Muscatel and Ma-
deira.
Malt Extract, best tonic 20c bot
92.35 do s.
Made by the Pabst Br«wlne
Co Reg. 25c bot.. $2 50 dozen.
Malt V/hisky. "Acme" 75c bot
A pure medicinal article. Reg. 83c j
Coal Kcds, Salianizsd Iron •
15 Inches. 16 tnche*.
Rejru!arly 3-"-<-- *te. \
Now 25c. SOc.
Garden Sets, 3 pieces 40c
Rake, hoe and spade. Re£u!arly £Cc.
Shoe Brush 25c I
With handle and dauber. Reg. 33c. J
Tooth Brushes 2 for 25c I
Regularly 20c each. ', J
Shelf Paper. Scalloped 10c quire \
Kxtra heavy; pink, hlue and red; ]Z
12 In. wlrle. 3S long. Keg. 20c. v>
CIGARS— "EI Amor" |
Z? Clear Havana Kfy West, from 5c $j
J> -'~tto 2Sc each. <V
pSIP^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN IXVEXTINO HIS WORLD-UENOWNED
"Magnetic- Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce gay» to
the public th» most remarkable remedy ewr
discovered for th« sueceasful treatment of Her-
nia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hay*
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance, and thousands ot other*
sre now en the road to complete recovery. This
Truss U different from all others. It does ta«
You can get enr "BOOTCIiET No. 1" by call-
ing at th* office, or it will be sent on receipt oS
a 2-cent itamo. It tells all about this Truss.
Address.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C-O Market Street (Oppcslt* Palac* Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York Cltj.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Pacific Coast Steamship "Co.
F"OR THE
fea CAPE NOME
GOLD FIELDS.
Tb# New and Palatial Steel Steamshh*
SEHST-A-TOPt
Will Sail from San Franctoco MAT lith for th«
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leaving there May 13th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
June list. July 21st and August 23th. Fasten-
cers are advised to lnssect tbe Senator befor*
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
•eccnd-clasa and steerage accommodations ar«
superior to the flrst-class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for Noma.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
runnlne Its steamer* to Alaska— winter anj
summer — for 25 years and Is the Pioneer !"*•
ciflc Coajt Line. For further Information in-
quire of J. F. TROW BRIDGE. Ocean Dock.
Seattle. Wash. N. POSTON. 2« Washlaxtos
St.. Portland. Or. W. PARRI3. 124 West 3eo
«nd St.. Lob Angeles. Cal. OOODALL. PER-
KINS A CO.. Gen. Agents. 4 New Mont^omerv;
St.. or 10 Market st.. San Francisco, Cat.
visit OR, JORDAN'S great j
HUSEUM OF ANfITOHY?
Ca 1051 fciSXZ; ST. tat 63t7tti. S.J.CA A
L-f ' The Largnt Anatomical Mutcum in the \
VijAbi. v Wond. Wejiner-et cr Any contracted M
JnS f*W d:5 «' c v<.tl* r ly euro.l i>y the oiarst T
ls|al S>peuilistcuti. Cciii fist 35ysar--. %
SSI fi c*-""OROA>W>RIYATEc *-""0R0A>W>RlYATE DISEASES £
B ffiarag Coa^uttation frei md strktly prlvire \
J A?Sti! Tr " fmen ' personally or b» letter. A &
Blf II S **••"•• CW«tae?enr ease ooderukea. \
r U llC* w i<lefor Book,PaiLOSOPaVf ti
m II? «ai»»ia«e. mailed pcaa. lAT
Q {[/ valnabla book for men) \
DR. JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market »t..& F. F
2iy Ghirardclli's Cocoa 39c ili^
! You kaow the brand at i* J^^ /fizTxh. Wi
450-x-rbtfr®— 3 days' sale 3 *|s\ pi
A good suhstrfcte for '» ¦ / VsV&>l Hi
cocoa— ln bulk— better for J^. ** V» \ p3
health than coffee — 3 days C, **^*S^ I
Coifcc Substitutes ISc 0
tun Cereal! Okf Grist / f \ ' |p!
:%k Mill and Acme Ralston— / / I* \ ' f%<|
;1 3 days' sale / % j f Egg
I Sweet Corn B^c % ; Ai §|
"-, The best In the West- tin '/^.. **« s^ ggj
F. F. C.— Fhst Families ""-fanrff?/? p?1
— cf Calif err. !a — regular BS^fi^ t»*a
CO; *3C — deliciocsly tender — fl*ifiill 6*^
\i'A Baker's — plain, not H> $ Stf " %tji
,* s^ ceniied — good for cooking £| & %hti
'0 Strine Beans 65ic . w \<i tM
jS§ Choxe Eastern— regular tic m tiieiia { »S&
ioc— ahnmraerfor3days hoax of die 1 \ wB
g Matting fcr Carpets 25c wcxt «*N 1 PI
Yard wide— for summer j* ¦ ]}\ ><r^J^J^k
*p cottages — 3 days sale ~~ TA,
&£ Butter 30c We> H p*y your c« fire, so m
Oar celebrated Aase ¦*¦« come right on down— we're |||
"• Creamery — regular 35c — almost to the fcrrv. Telephone js*a
¦^¦'r ccrries in this rr.oming if you can't come — free dcliverr |J^
¦% **£^^r**\ — ncross-tbe-b«y residents should %?&
w Tiy <J>^ leave orders in the morning, re- P«|
iH ii*=s*r/ CZtVC a P arcc * cllcc * «nd every-
: i \\ i-^yjS^^ thing is ready >t night. «§
i$ f*»«*tt-J?\ Dining rooms — dressraking ||
*<H -J* department — Cape Nome oat- jfoj
£* Tla Cos-« Poa Tea Striir^crs — • £tte « ' m everything — Manu- £$£
£;' — 3 ««' e^- fiycr — 3 dirt factcrers of pure food preserves,
fit h =^' up— ic^f— etc# — A six-floor «ore of the Isl
iy : 9C each 2C «eh best the world produces. Wa
25-27 MARKET ST. S. F.
COMMITS MURDER WHILE
CRAZED WITH LIQUOR
Fisherman Cuts the Throat of His
Friend and in His Frenzy In
jures Another.
CHICAGO. April 22.— Crated with liquor.
William Aylward. a fisherman, to-day
clashed the throat of his old friend and
schoolmate. William Larklns. severing tho
Jugular vein and caused Larklns' death
within ten minutes. Then, turning on four
other occupants of his fishing shack, he
lunged at them, cutting Thomas Morris,
an IS-year-old boy. In the head, and In his
frenzy gashing his own hand. Aylward
etaggered from the house to the. police
station three blocks away. He stepped up
to tho desk and. placing his blood-stained
hands on it. said:
"I have Just cut a man, and I thought
rd better tell you about it."
He was pent to a cell without resistance.
Officers then arrested the occupants of the
Ehack as witnesses.
SHOT BY A BANDIT.
Jordan L. Cooke Killed at the Town
of Acatlan, Mexico.
EAGLE PASS. Tex.. April 22.— News has
reached here of the killing of Jordan L.
Cooke at Acatlan, Oaxaca. Mexico. Cooke
was in charg© of a railroad construction
gang. He was standing In a group of half
a dozen men when a bandit rode up and
fired several shots into tho crowd, killing
young Cooke. His father, who is ex
feheriff of Maverick County, Texas, has
taken the matter up with the Mexican au
thorities.
SOUGHT TO BE A HERO.
Young Man Burns a House Just to
Save the Family.
ATCHISOX.Kans.. April 22.-In the Dis
trict Court Thomas C. Woerman pleaded
guilty to the charge of burning the costly
residence of J. C. Fox. a prominent citi
zen, and was sentenced to serve eighteen
years in the penitentiary. He admitted
that the Fox family had been very good to
him and that lie set fire to the house in
order to play the part of a hero by res
cuing the family and thereby make his
employer think that his kindness had been
bestowed worthily. After Woerman had
been sentenced he said:
"I pleaded guilty because I hated to face
the members of the Fox family, who had
been co kind to me."
Woerman was a reader of cheap novels.
Croker Is Not Dead.
LOXDON', April 22.— Richard Croker of
New York is at Wantage, perfectly welL
INDICTMENT
AGAINST TAYLOR
TO BE HELD UP
Grand Jury Will Not Re
port It Until After the
Contest Case.
Kentucky's Governor Declares He Is
Not a Fugitive and the Rumor
a Requisition Was Asked
For Is Denied.
»
FRANKFORT. Ky.. April 22.— While
the Franklin County Grand Jury has not
adjourned, it is understood that the in
vestigation of the Goebel assassination
has been completed. The indictment
against Governor Taylor will be held up
till after the argument of the Governor
ship contest case, which Is docketed for
hearing before the Supreme Court at
Washington April 30. It is said that no
warrant will be issued or other steps
taken In the case till after that time. The
rumor that Governor Beckham has been
applied to for a requisition is without
foundation.
Former Governor W. O. Bradley, lead
ing counsel for Republican Governor Tay
lor, gave to the Associated Press the fol
lowing interview to-night:
I have had no communication with Governor
Taylor since he went to Washlncton. The
press, I notice, states that he Is there prepar
ing his case for the Supreme Court. I am eat
isfled that this is not true. Governor Taylor
went to Waehmxton on purely personal busl
nesß not connected in any way with the trial
of his case.
Nor do I believe the report to be true that
he is in New York attemptlr.e to prevent the
honoring of a requisition for his return to this
State. As to wkhether a requisition could be
lawfully issued by Mr. Beckman cr would be
recognized it is unnecessary for me to express
an opinion, as these ara questions that must
be determined by the auuthority upon whom
eurh a requisition may be made.
Governor Taylor has publicly declared that
he was not and would never be a fugitive
from Justice and that if lndicted'he would re
spect the law and meet his accusers face to
face. Therefore, there remains but one course
open to him and that is to return as soon as
he can. walk boldly and bravely Into court
and meet the Indictment like a man. Any
other course would be rank Injustice not only
to himself, but to those of his friends who have
been accused of so foul a crime. I do not
know whether an Indictment has been found
against Governor Taylor, but if It has I have
no doubt that he wiil promptly surrender him
self Into the hands of the lavr and believe that
any intimation to the contrary docs him an In
justice.
A colonial suggested that cavalry divi
sions always suspend operations for a
corporal of horse and two dozen troopers.
A gunner driver in a cart pcred owr a
three das"s' old Cape paper, for there is
no news at the Modder.
A man with a drawn face came out of
nowhere and told a story. His wife had
died at home of influenza, was dead and
buried. His people could look after the
children, thank God! but it hurt— it hurt
cruelly. He spoke and vanished.
Half a mile up the line a private of
Highlanders was cooking potatoes and
semolina together. He was in luck. He
had helped "swipe" a Boer wagon over
turned by cur shell fire, and picked up
the semolina from the dust.
A knot of officers had made themselves
a rude mess house In a roofless hut, with
a blanket for shade. One of them wished
to see a sister of Number Three— to tell
her that So-and-So was dead.
A little gathering mov,ed across the dust
to look for the graves of the Highland
Brigade. Even now the nameboards are
split and blistered, and the date carries
us back a thousand years.
And co It went on, hour after hour,
this procession of faces, this tangle of
half-caught tales.
visions. Their companions were now at
tending to that enemy, and they were con
tent.
On their departure Number Three
waked, tqjlfe. --. -~.-y.
The wagons were coming in from the
hospitals. The doors of the cars flew
•back: orderlies went to their stretchers;
'the side boards were ripped out of the
the cook put the last flavoring to
tho big stock pot; the sisters stood to at
tention, each in her ward— a dector and
a sister are responsible for half a train
apiece— and the blessed morphine needles
were made ready. They want rest from
pain, our wounded. Food and clean
sheets will often bring It, but on occasion
we must help nature.
The worn, chipped and scratched rifles
clattered into the arm racks, the thin
dusty kits followed, and after them the
loaded stretchers.
"Fractured thigh." said an orderly.
"Which? Left or right?" said the Sis
ter. ..'. ¦
"Right," said the man. and he was
slipped on to his back accordingly. In
jured leg outside, where It could be got
at easiest.
"Special," said the orderly. Here was a
clean stomach wound. He could eat milk
and slops In a bunk marked to that effect,
and the gentlemanly Mauser would suffer
him to live. Down the car he went, think
ing nobly of his soul, and In no way ap
proving of milk diet.
Entered one amputation below the right
elbow— very cheery. Full diet for this
amputation, but no full diet for yonder
lung shot, who cannot He down without
pain.
Were there any sick?
Thero were no sick, and the doctors
thanked heaven. They would sooner bring
down three trains of wounded than one of
sick.
Dysentery, that- milks the heart out of
Town and the sea that leads to Netley.
This Is the system, tald the wagons, and
here was the system all naked to the
glaring day.
Three nights had the wagons been on
the road — rained upon, thundered over and
lightened about. Jolted and Jerked and
Jarred— but the long and short of It was
that of 800 wonded the wagons had lost
not one.
Would the hospital take delivery, please,
said the wagons, and they drew aside to
rest, for their cattle were very, very tired.
As for Number Three. No. it would not
be wise to visit Magersfonteln. The train
might be filled and sent away at any
moment.
There was an old official ring about this,
and I was not the least surprised that we
waited eleven hours— time to have gone to
Magersfontein and back on all fours. But
I am glad I stayed by Number Three. It
Is early days to make that field of blood a
show plare. and — one can collect shells on
other beaches tvhen peace comes again.
Th« station was the center of local
society.
The staff. Including a German Prince,
lived across the road In a battered cara
vanserai with scores of ponies tied to the
veranda.
The platform was banked with Red
Cross cases, badly needed at Kimberley,
and with mall bage badly needed by the
men who came up. fingered them curious
ly and slunk away. Business first, malls
later.
The telegraph offlce was a small edition
of De Aar— hideously overworked.
A knot of sappers came up from the
river, where they had been tamping bal
last under a new siding. Q. ther sappers
with "R. P. R-" on their hats followed.
These last were the details of the Rail
way Pioneers, skilled mechanicians, and
the like, of Johannesburg, and under the
grime and the khaki one met a host of a
certain weird dinner glTen In the Gold
Reef city two years ag^>.
CONTINUED SUCCESS OF
COLOMBIAN INSURGENTS
Colon Is Threatened and It Is Re
ported That Baranquilla Has
Been Taken.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. April 22.— Advices
from Colombia to-day say that Bocas del
Toro, Panama, is In possession of the reb
els. Last Friday the Government char
tered a British steamer to take troops to
Bocas del Toro, where an Important bat
tle is expected. With Bocas del Toro in
the hands of the rebels Colon is prac
tically threatened.
There Is considerable excitement at Car
tegena over the report that Baranquilla
has fallen into thehands of the insurgents.
This rumor is not entirely credited, but
there are good grounds for believing that
the town will soon be taken.
Grand Trunk Changes.
NEW YORK.April 22.— The Times learns
on good authority that George B. Reeve,
the retiring general traffic manager of the
Grand" Trunk Railway, will be succeeded
by John W. Ix>ud, at present general
freight agent, and W. E. Davis, the pres
ent general passenger agent, the office
having been divided. Mr. Reeve will-re
tire to his fruit ranch in Southern Cali
fornia,
LIGHT SHED ON THE
PEREZ MYSTERY
Authorities Now Believe That the
Woodchopper Has Returned to
His Home in Philippines.
Special Dissatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 22.— The mystery
of the disappearance of Andrew Perea
now seems to be almost solved, at least
as far as Lagunltas Canyon Is concerned.
Sheriff Taylor is convinced, after a thor
ough investigation, that the remains of
Perez are not. as he at first supposed,
rotting In the Black Hole of Marln. in
fact the probabilities aro that Perez is
alive. In the light of further develop
ments it now looks as though Perez had
Jumped the country and gone to his home
in the Philippines. He was, according
to friends In the wood camp, a quarrel
some, ne'er-do-well and was in the habit
of making Invidious comparisons between
this country and hl3 native land.
His wife, too, tells of her husband's fre
quent spells of homesickness and so It Is
thought by all interested that the man Is
not the victim of foul play, but has gone
to seek pastures new, away from the re
strictions he found so hard to put up with
in the white man's country.
Sheriff Taylor's investigation falls to
reveal any trace of violence. John Enos
foreman of the camp, states that Perez
had no enemies in the woodchopping
community, and about two weeks ago
took his few belongings and passing down
the wagon road left the canyon behind
him. as he said, "forever." Enos thinks
Perez went East, while Mrs. Perez is of
the opinion that her missing husband Is
if alive, in Cuba or the Philippines. In
pplte of the failure of the Investigation to
reveal traces of foul play, a close watch
will be placed on the canyon-dwellers and
a suspicious move on the part of any of
the woodmen may result In arrest.
+
DEATH OF AN EDITOR.
Benjamin Northrupp, a Prominent
Newspaper Man, Passes Away.
NEW YORK. April 2Z — Benjamin.
Northrupp, a well known newspaper man,
died Saturday night of meningitis, after
an illness of a few weeks. Mr. Northrupp
was born in Cleveland, in 1556. He re
ceived his education at a Wisconsin col
lege and In Germany and France. He was
at various times connected with the In
dianapolis News and other Western pa
pers. He came to New York In ISB2 to take
an editorial position on the Graphic and
afterward became a staff writer on the
New York Times and a special writer on
the Herald.
In ISSB Mr. Northrupp went on the Mail
and Express, becoming Its managing ed
itor, a position heiield for several years.
In IS9S he became editor in chief of the
Baltimore Herald, but resigned on ac
count of ill health.
PREACHER'S DAUGHTER
IN A SPOKANE JAIL
Police Believe She Is the Dupe of a
Gang of Fraudulent Check
Passers.
Special Disnatch to The Call.
SPOKANE. April 23.— Maggie Evans,
aged 19 years, the daughter of William
Evans, a prominent Methodist minister of
Knoxville.. Term., is In the City Jail,
charged with passing a forged check. The
police believe she is the dupe of a gang
of fraudulent check passers which is ope
rating extensively in the Northwest. She
received the check from a Mrs. West, who
requested her to Have it cashed. She did
So. In the meantime Mrs. West left town.
The forgery was promptly discovered and
Miss Evans arrested.
Efforts are being made by the police to
capture Mrs. West, who is supposed to be
in Montana. Miss Evans has been here
about ten months, working as a waitress.
She is pretty, but lacks knowledge of the
world.
RANCH HANDS QUARREL
AND ONE IS KILLED
Dispute Arose Over a Trivial Matter,
and the Death Blow Was Struck
With a Bare Fist.
Special Dlfcatch to The Call.
RED BLUFF. April 22.— De Witt Mark
ham, an employe on the Cone ranch, this
afternoon killed a man named Banion,
another employe of the ranch. The two
men quarreled over some trivial matter
and came to blows. They clinched and
Markham hit Banion three time 3 on the
head with his list. The latter sank to the
ground and soon died.
Markham had worked at the ranch but
one day. • He is 20 year 3 of age and his
home i« in Napa County, where his father
lives. When seen in jail Markham ex
pressed sorrow over what had happened
and said he had no idea of killing Banion.
Markham's friends speak of him In good
terms, and much sympathy is expressed
at the unfortunate end of the trivtal dis
pute. Banion was about 45 years of age.
¦¦ m I
Dr. Trimmer Re-elected.
Bp-cial Disoatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. April 22.— Dr. O. S.
Trimmer, a prominent Monterey County
Republican and one of the newly elected
members of the Board of Trustees of this
city, has been unanimously chosen to suc
ceed himself as Mayor of Pacific Grove.
Dr. Trimmer has held the office of Presi
dent of the Board of Trustees, or Mayor,
of Pacific Grove since the city was first
Incorporated in ISS9.^
Cuban Treasury Receipts.
WASHINGTON, April 22.— The total re
ceipts of the Cuban treasury for the month
of March were H.675.6C5. divided as % fol
lows: Customs, $1,472,990; postal receipts.
$13,729: internal revenue receipts. $04,230;
miscellaneous receipts, $97,619. The re
ceipts for the corresponding month of 1533
amounted to $963,033.
MAY YET BAR
SALOONS FROM
MILL VALLEY
Temperance Element About
to Play Its Final
Card.
?
Citizens Will Incorporate and En
deavor to Rais« the license
Fee to & Prohibitive
Fienre.
F:>»c:*J I>y>itch to Tte CaTL
MILL VALLEY. April 22.— Mi1l Valley Is
po:r.g to make a determined and vigorous
"buck" cg-air.st t!*e town being thrown
"v.ide open." Tha decision of Superior
Judge Ar.grellotti in favor of tha 6aloon
mea has aroused hjostlle comment from
nearly every resident of the valley, and
the TanAlpais Land and Water Company
:s coming in for the lion's share of tht>
blame, the reason a!!eged being that pur
chasers of their land were promised im
munity from saloons, but now the temper
ance crfams have octn rudely shattered,
end thf- big "5" blazes afresh trcm saloons
long relegated to dust and cobwebs.
Tne citizens, however, have yet one
weapon remaining with which to strike
trie iiquor venders, and thi3 they are go
ing to use as speedily as possible. The
trump card yet to be p'.ayed is "•incorpora
tion." and the citizens intend to play it for
ail it is worth. Licenses will be shoved up
to a prohibitive figure, and before the
ruinous taxes and bitter opposition no
doubt is felt among the temperance forces
that the saloon men will throw up the
sponge and the victory perch on the wa
ter-bibbers' banners.
The prohibition forces have now noth
ing to hope for from the Mount Tamalpais
Lxlr.d and Water Company, which has
been bested from first to last by the
liquor men's attorneys. Messrs. Lennon &
Hawkins. It is alleged that the corpora
lion, although refusing the saloons a 11
rense, have winked at the liquor con-
Fumed over hotel bars, and this, if the
tongues of jrossip sr>eak the truth. Is the
reason for the amended complaint which
causes Ar.gellottl's adverse decision. Any
way, there ar« likely to be numbers of in
teresting developments pm-ir-ing out of the
controversy. Jn the meantime the rub-
DISAPPEARS
FROM A HOTEL
IN NEW YORK
Friends of J. W. Moyle,
a Former Californian,
Alarmed.
Left the Hoffman House Two Weeks
Ago and Since Then No Trace
of Him Has Been
Found.
?
Erecial Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. April 22.— Friends of J. W.
Moyle are very anxious to learn what has
become of him. He has been living at the
Hoffman House for the last six months,
but he disappeared two weeks ago yester
day without giving any warning of his
going. Ho left his clothing in his rooms
and took no baggage with him. Since his
departure no word has come from him.
Mr. Moyle is 6S years old and he looks
so much like General Joseph Wheeler that
he was usually known as "the General."
His friends were accustomed to introduce
him to strangers as the gallant Southern
fighter, and the resemblance was so strik
ing that very few ever detected the impo
sition. Mr. Moyle always enjoyed the
joke. He had been at the Hoffman House
for eighteen years before he took up per
manent resilience there. His wife and
daughters live in California, where he be
came interested in mining early in the his
tory of the State. He served in the Cali
fornia Legislature in 1565 with Senator
John P. Jones, now of Nevada, and re
cently he has seen much of Senator Jones,
who also makes his headquarters at the
Hoffman House.
"I have no Idea what has become of
Moyle," said Senator Jones to-day. "I
used to know him very well indeed in the
old days in California. We served to
gether in the State Senate there thirty
tive years ago, but I had not eeen much
of him of late years until we met here at
the Hoffman House last fall. He was al
ways Interested in mining enterprises,
and he told me some time ago that he
had an interest in some Canadian mines,
but where they were I do not know."
Mr. Moyle was a familiar figure In Wall
street and his absence has caused much
comment among brokers there who knew
him.
Colonel Peacock, chief clerk of the ho
tel, was unable to throw any light upon
the mystery to-day. Mr. Moyle's friends
had noticed that on Sundays almost in
variably a younger man of dark complex
lon, whom none of them knew, was in the
habit of Joining him. They were accus
tomed to take luncheon in the cafe and
then go to the Gllsey House. Mr. Moyle
was seen with the stranger two weeks
ago to-day In both hotels.
RICH LEDGE
OF QUARTZ IN
NOME DISTRICT
>
Uncovered by T. D. Mc-
Dermott on Basin
y Creek.
?
Miners Suffer From Extreme Cold
and Scores of Alaskan Dogs
Have Been Frozen to
Death.
SEATTLE, April 22.— Special advices
brought from Cape Nome by passengers
on the steamer Cottage City contain the
following:
Peter Barnard arrived at Nome on
Christmas day. after a futiio attempt to
cross the straits to the Siberian coast. He
says the weather was so cold that a party
of six men in that part of the country
were frost bitten while rolled In fur robes,
and that scores of Alaskan dogs were
frozen to death.
T. D. McDermott reports finding a
quartz ledge on Basin Creek, twelve miles
from Nome, that assayed $2JO a ton.
A prospector for the Alaskan Commer
cial Company is reported to have got 15
cents to the pan on Golovln Bay. A rich
copper strike is reported in the Port Clar-
ence district. A. Gordon and E. O. Stan
ley report getting Jl3 to the shovelful of
sand on a bar 1» feet from tha shore,
seven miles west of Nome. Captain Crana
Is working the beach sands with a steam
thawing plant and is said to be getting
good results.
The body of a man supposed to ba Leon
ard Gulllard. a Frer.rh-i'a^a.iian. was
found on the beach at '""ap^ York. S. E.
Gilbert, who went to Nome last summer,
has mysteriously disappeared.
REV. P. E. KIPP ILL
Former Oakland Preacher Strlckea
With Apoplexy in San, Diego.
Sp-cial Disoatch to The Call.
BAN DIEGO. April 22.— Rev. P. E, Klpp,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
of this city, who came herd some tim«
since from Oakland. i 3 confined to hla
home on account of a stroke of apoplexy,
which his physiciana fear ir.ay result in
his death. Mr. Kipp is the immedtata
successor of Ker. F. Mertnn Smith, who
was stricken with apoplexy while in tha
pulpit of th«» church and dird or. ths aarna
day. after beir.sr removed to his home.
The attack came on Mr. Kipp an Thurs
day, and since then he has ty^n both bet
ter and worso with the passing days. A
semi-paralysis of the left sirio has fol
lowed the stroke of apoplexy. Tha rev
erend gentleman's son. who occupies tha
chair of philology at Stanford, has beeri
sent for. Overwork is given as tha causa
of the attack.
BAIN IN THE SOUTH.
Good Hay Crops Assured and Gralr:
May Be Saved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS OLIVOS. April 22.— 0n0 of the most
timely rains in the history of this dis
trict began falling here Friday afternoon
and has continued at inter'vala until thl3
morning. Farmers had generally lost all
hope of a crop and would hava been con
tent with a short crop of hay. Tha pres
ent storm will assure nay on many ranch
es, and with more rain later thero will ba
craln to thrash. .
ber cracker la burled In the past, ana
Classes dink In a fearless, open manner
In saloons carrying boldly blazoned on
their fronts the nature of the goods they
retail.
(To be Concluded To-morrow.)
BITTER FIGHT
BEING WAGED
AGAINST HANNA
Ohio Republican Factions to
Clash in Convention on
Tuesday.
Despite the Strife Within the Party,
All Elements Will Give
McKinley Their In
dorsement.
Er*c!al Dispatch to Th» Call.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 22.— The Re
publican State Convention will be held
here on Tuesday and Wednesday. The
State officers to be nominated in them
selves are not of great importance, but
interest in the selection of the head of
the ticket this year is heightened by the
campaign made by the anti-Hanna-anti-
Dick faction of the party against the can
didacy of the "administration bosses."
Outside of the State, Republicans ask,
"What kind oft an indorsement will Ohio
give McKinley 7" Within the State they
ask, "How can we best stand by the Pres
ident?"
Two candidates will appear before the
convention for the head position on the
ticket, that of Secretary of State— Lewis
C Laylin of Norwalk and Howard D.
Manington of Columbus. Both assert their
nomination stands for the indorsement of
the President and the national administra
tion. But Mr. Laylin has the open and
avowed indorsement of Senator Hanna
and Chairman Dick.
The contest to capture tjie convention
delegates has been very bitter since last
fall. It was only a few weeks after Gov
ernor Nash's election that Daugherty.
who now opposes Hanna's desires, in an
authorized Interview stated he would
actively support the candidacy of Howard
Manlngton for Secretary of State. He
declared he was in harmony with the ad
ministration of McKinley and would work
for the Indorsement of the administration.
Whether he attempted to forestall Hanna
and Dick by his interview none but Mr.
Daugherty and his closest friends can tell.
Kut Hanna and Dick very quickly gave
the Republicans of the State to under
stand that Daugherty was not dictating
the administration candidates.
MAY RUN WITH BRYAN.
G«orge Fred Williams Mentioned for
Second Place on the Ticket.
BOSTON, April 22. — Nineteen of the
thirty delegates from this State to the
National Democratic Convention, together
with a number of alternates, met in this
city to-day to arrange the details of their
trip to Kansas Gity. George Fred Wil
liams was elected permanent chairman of
the delegation. Information from other
New England States was to the effect that
their delegations would accompany the
Massachusetts men.
The mention of George Fred Williams
as a possibility for Vice President pro
voked enthusiasm, but no formal resolu
tions indorsing any candidate for any
office were adopted.
Pennsylvania Politics.
HARRISBURG. Pa., April 22.— The Re
publican State Convention will be held
here Wednesday to nominate candidates
for Congressman-at-large, Auditor Gen
eral. Presidential Electors and delegates
to the National convention. Dr. Theodore
L. Flood of Meadville is a candidate for
Congressman-at-large. Hon. Galusha A.
Grow is an active candidate for renomin
atlon and will be here to take personal di
rection of his canvass. Other candidates
for this office are George T. Oliver of
Pittsburg and Robert H. Forderer of Phil
adelphia.
Delegates to Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
PACIFIC GROVE, April 22.— At' a spe
cial meeting of the Monterey Republican
Club the -following persons were elected
delegates to the meeting of the California
League of Republican Clubs to be held
In Los Angeles on April 27: Hon. T. J.
Field. Fred C. Michaelis. W. W. James.
F. M. Hllby and Grant Towlo; alternates.
W. C. Brown, B. Boronda, Thomas Allen,
A. Schaufele and W. E. Parker.
Second installment of the famous author s graphic
description of notable scenes and stirring incidents of
the great conflict in South Africa between the Boers
fin fl f"flf^ Hl*ltfifl Q
One gets used to privates with visiting
cards, and it Is perfectly natural to dis
cuss bacteriology, "West African explora
tion and the ethics of publishing, the in
tricacies of the bankruptcy act and the
prospects of the I^abor party in South Aus
tralia with spurred troopers.
So it was not disconcerting to meet men
of the Chitral siege, once prisoners In the
hands of Oaira Khan, old schoolmates, In
dian staff corps men doing duty as "tall
twisters" in the transport, lost acquaint
ances of ten years ago. Bide by side with
the fellow-passenger of three weeks ago,
unrecognizable to-day under the sunburn,
hair and dust.
It was only an undress rehearsal for the
day of Judgment.
A detail of army service men en route
for Kimberley spread themselves at ease
on their baggage and chaffed a quarter
master sergeant who had lost his sword,
but by the regulations was miserably tied
to the empty scabbard till he could return
the thing to store.
A knot of excited Life Guards demanded
news of French's division.
"Out since Sunday week and no news.
We belong to 'em. "We were sick. "We
want to rejoin. Do you know where he
lsr*
Toward evening the remnants, as it
¦were, of a battalion moved from the hos
pital tent in broken squads, one man sup
porting another.
They were our "light" cases— men de
nied the merciful cushioning shock of a
severe wound — in acute and annoying
pain. They would go down to Xaauw
poort by the . Kimberley train, but first
they must bo called over.
They reached the platform haltingly;
their uniforms were darkened In places
by patches as of carelessly spilled var
nish, and sometimes their trouser hems
were gummy with the sanvj stuff.
They eat down by companies In tha
dust, half a score of regiments mixed.
Their officers got them fruit and cigar
ettes; the mere sound filled their compan
ions' water bottles.
They chaffed greatly In undertones, but
they did not say one single word which by
any construction could be considered even
coarse. They did not complain, they did
not growl, they did not curse. They were
going to Naauwpoort to get well. In a
few days they would return. They had
outmarched and outmaneuvered their
enemy — on a couple of biscuits a day, but
they had also outmarched their pro-
a man and shames him before his kind;
rheumatism, which la the seven devils oZ
toothache, in the marrow of your bones;
typhoid of the loaded breath and the silly
eye. Incontinent and "'consuming: pneu
monia that stabs In the back and drives
the poor soul, suffocating ar.<l bewildered,
through all th? hells of delirium— wo ara
clear of these for this journey.
The clean aseptic bullet kiss and tha
shell splinter are all our care.
Quietly and quickly, but above all quiet
ly, come the stretchers.
Fractured shoulder; elbow Joint: lung.
again from right to left, but nothing
vita! reached; shattered forearm (owner
Fays explosive bullet); two head cases,
both will live. Eye, head and cecS. up
per arm; th!s*h again: two or three clean
shots through the thigh (owners very
hungry): shoulder smashed and top o!
finger shot off (owner much annoyed and
this little extra); fnrearm again, and
"please, sir, the bandaged are pinchin"
me horrid."
It isn't the handag». but the doctor
does net saw so. H* exhibits th» merci
ful squirt and the bandages miraculously
loosen themselves.
Now come tha officers.
One colonel, bearded like the heavy swell
of the sixties; another colonel (the High
landers must have been catching it cruel
ly); a major; a bearded captain (on inves
tigation this turns out to be a lieutenant,
aged 23. when he is shaved); and a sprink
ling of subalterns and doctors.
In each man's bed t3 a bag holding shirt,
pajamas, towel, brush, sponge, soap and
toothbrush. They call it tha Good Hops
bag. but it was evidently invented by a
thoughtful she-angel.
Man after man nhakes off cr is helped
out of the creased, dusty. gTeasy. gloomy,
blood-stained khaki and nestles In the lux
ury of clean body clothes between clears
sheets. They have res»t; now they must
have food — thick soup for choice, if they
will only stay awake to drlr.k It. and mills
and brandy for the stomach and lung peo
ple.
Number Three fought her way Inch by
Inch, and was met by a little knot of
arir.y elsters In civilisation their unl
'oro Is hideous, but out here one aces
tie ts* of the equare cut vermilion cape.
Everythir.l? else is dust colored, so a man
does not r.«k where a sister may be. She
leaps to t}i« rye across all th* camp.
"And where are our ¦wounded?" asked
Three.
"Still ccminc In from Paardeberg.
They're being dressefl. You'll get them
Inter. TVher« are ;.-cur spare doctors?"
TV© hs.d come up with clx surgeons
taien Jrcm the b'.gr YVynbers and Rondes
besch hoeplr&ls, where for months they
had lived on a promise of work at the
front.
They were ret R. A. JL C. men. but
hcu^e eurs«ons. fre«h from the home hos
pitals, yourig-, cruhust&stic and happy,
thougrh their tag-gage had been cut down
to the thirtr-Sve pound scale, and they
fc&d not the g-hest of a notion where they
wera toir.p.
They wero uncartwd like staffs on Mod
£er platform, gazed a-while. met a man
!a BTTthortty. acd were swiftly commaa
deerpd. Two or three doctors lay dead
cr wounded across the plains, and It was
& hot press for the medical sen-Ice.
Half a niile across the plain, behind the
(raves of the Highland Brigade, lay the
hospital tents, and thither loaded mule
ar.4 ex wapona were heading: I/ke Num
ber Three, they had been at work a weary
while. There cazne no surprise or be
wllderrnent. hardly evea any pity, to the
onlooker as the W« Red Crosses lurched
and pitched. This, said the warons, Is
the custom with the wounded. Stricken
ta*n are gathered M soon as po«slble by
th» bearer companies, whose casualty list
Is a heavy one.
Th*7 tr« dressed tar Vh* first time
rw.rtlr *nd evidently: they are then put
into the tllttA wagons till they reach the
hospital that B«nfis theaa to the ralL The
rail takes tha badly wounded to Cape
"WITH NUMBER THREE"
BY RUDYARD KIPLING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALV MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.'
I /l! isgl^&^ order i
1 Mm v&kmh 1 I
• 1 J|ij SI I clothes I
H: ; H -'if! ! f j!jfy M| lli&^i clothing is all g-j
mftM IP? I ISkii'ilr'-i I iW'>-"" : '" :^ white hands. |
Itfi Hi KM rliiii The , prices I
irUSJR iiP Pwlf'i i !¦' l ffij sk-' B are as low as 3
p^Pni^lilff MP®i thsy can bs I
|l j^pi 6^S^ As a s P ec * a * f° r a - 1
i*| pf^f Wvffl A time until a ccx- 1
M mW tain cons ig nment °f i
H $M? nW cloth is used up, we ]
§ iP' I !&' are ma^'i a o t0 order \
% nff ;«! rif suits and overcoats 1
% ft[| [ijjj in eight styles, any i
gf JgW MM\ one of which is |
ij "C^ROM the good material useJ we pronounce tha |^J
M JF clothes worth $17.50. Our big cloth purchases lv|
H made months ago enable us to offer these good values. {£3
ij Samples free upon request.
S! If you reside o-Jt of San Francisco write for catalogue No. .1 con- fpj
$f tainir.g samples ; also self-measurement blank. Our specialty— filling $>"¦]
££ mail orders for tailor-made clothes. f'j\
H 7iS Market St., and Cor. Powell and Eddy. 1|
3PERSONAL MENTION.
"W. F. Detert, a mining man of Jackson,
is at the Lick.
Lcuis Fround. a Maidenlane Jeweler,
Is at the Palace.
Dr. W. XV. Eastman, a physician of So
nora. is at the Lick.
Captain X. E. Bayei". owner of the Aqua
Rica Springs. In at the Lick.
Henry E. Kemp, a wealthy mining man
of Phoenix. Ariz., is at the Occidental.
W. H. Leeper, a shoe manufacturer of
New York, is a guest at the Occidental.
G. S. Holems. proprietor of the Knuts
ford Hotel at Salt Lake, is a guest at the
Palace.
Lieutenant Arthur Cranston and Dr. 11.
\V. Stuckey, army officers on their way to
Manila, are at the Grand.
George R. Tingle, an Alaskan salmon
packer, and his son are at the Occidental.
They arrived last night from the north.
\V. 11. Buster, a wealthy resident of Co
lusa, and his wife are at the Occidental
on their way to Los Angeles to attend the
conclave.
A. A. Thayer and wife. F. G. McLean
and wife and Oscar Robinson and wife,
all of Colusai are at the Grand, en route
for Los Anse'.es to attend the Knights
Templar Conclave.
France J320 to 1540 and in the United
States the range la betw-wea C5O and <"-"-".
The Albatross, torpedo-boat destroyer,
built by Thorneycrof t for the British navy,
recently had her offlclal trial of three
hours at sea. The boat carried her full
load. SO tons of coal, and was complete in
every respect for actual service. Under
these conditions the trial was a success,
the engines developing 773-1 horsrrpower
with 243 pounds of s>t«*am. and 379.9 revo
lutions, giving a speed cf 214 knots. Tho
dimensions of the Albatross are 227.5 feet
length. 21.3 feet beam and 8.4 feet mean
draught, displacing 360 tons.
The Japanese naval maneuvers began crt
March 25 last and were to continue for a
couple of weeks. Commanders of foreign
squadrons in the Far East were notlfled by
the Navy Department not to approach tho
localities of the maneuvers. Native ftsh
ermen were likewise ordered to keep
away. Of the thirty-three vessels in ac
tive commission at least twenty-five ara
participating In the maneuvers. Including
four battle-ships, three armored cruisers,
twelve cruisers, two gun vessels, one tor
pedo gunboat and four torpedo-boat de
stroyers, besides a number of torpedo
boats. The new battle-ship Shikishfcnai
was due at Saheho. the rendezvous, on
April 7, and was to Join the fleet. If in con
dition after her 13,000-mil9 voyage fron
England.
The British Admlralltjr has Jnst acceptWl
the Fervent, a torpedo-boat destroyer o2
27 knots contracted for as far back as 1395.
Eight other boats of the. sazn« ty^e wera
delivered In 1596. but the Admiralty lit
chiefly responsible for the failure of tha
contractor to come up to the- require*
ments". The Admiralty expressly stipu
lated that the Fervent and her sister boat
Zephyr were to be fitted with ordinary
marine boilers, with 'tha result that
neither of them came anywhere near the
speed contracted for. It is asserted bjr
Labouchere that there are doubts tS tha
Fervent, after her year of preparation, has
actually come up to the 27 knots speed.
which, in these days of 30 and ZZ knot
boat 3, is rather slow.
by a publication of facts of record in the Chinese Bureau.
The second thoughts of the Collector, however, counseled him to more, than an
evasion of his own challenge. They convinced him of the errors of his past in landing
3000 Chinese as native sons, and of the need of adopting new methods in future. He
has now announced that he will refuse hereafter to decide cases of Chinese claiming ad
mission as natives of the United States, thus compelling them to have recourse to the
courts. He is quoted as saying in a recent interview that he has come to the conclusion
he has no jurisdiction in such matters, and that he can find no statute giving him au
thority to consider these cases; and he is reported to have added: "The attorneys for
the Chinese have threatened to mandamus me, but they will have to take what steps they
please, for I am determined to take the course I have outlined."
This is one of the instances where "better late than never" is a good rule. There
is some satisfaction in learning that if the publication in The Call of the Chinese Bureau
statistics convinced Collector Jackson that the records must be Kept secret, it has also
convinced him that claims of Chinese to be natives must be remanded to the courts. The
Chinese and their attorneys will of course hasten to devise some other means of effect
ing admission. to the United States, for the trade of importing coolies is too valuable to
be surrendered without a fight. In the meantime, however, much has been gained by
breaking up the practice in its present form, and while public vigilance must not be re
laxed, The Call has the satisfaction of knowing it has not. only exposed an evil of por
tentous magnitude but has brought about the application of an immediate remedy. It
is a victory for the people, the importance of which will be appreciated by all who have any
understanding of the menace which Chinese immigration holds for American labor, law,
morality and civilization.
THIS MAN'S FACE GIVES
ENGLAND A SEVERE PAIN
BY publishing the records of the Chinese Bureau in this city The Call exposed the
extent to which Chinese immigration has been going on for the last three years,
and revealed the portentous fact that a considerable number of the immigrants
have been admitted not only to the country but to citizenship as natives of the United
States. The publication was made not for the purpose of discrediting an y official, but
. ¦ -•' . .'•"¦¦¦¦.
solely for the general good and to the end that all officials in authority should be aroused
to the exercise of greater vigilance in the enforcement of the exclusion act. It is there
fore gratifying to be, able to state that the exposure has had an immediate wholesome
effect, and that for a time at least San Francisco will not be so wide open a door to
Mongolian coolies who claim citizenship in our country.
When the records of the Chinese Bureau were published in The Call and their sig
nificance made clear, Collector Jackson- rashly undertook to defend the manner in which
According to a report of the quartermaster general
th<* cost of the army transport service since the out
break of the war with Spain has been $25.&oo.ooo for
vessels alone. The country will not grumble at the
bill, for the expenditure was necessary, but it is worth
while asking why a nation that expends that amount
fcr ships in time of war should hesitate to vote .1 frac
t'en of it for the purpose of upbuilding a merchaift
marine in time of peace.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The French navy budget, as finally
passed, amounts to $62,000,000. which is
$1,200,000 more than the appropriation for
the year Just ended.
Krupp is steadily adding to his vast
establishment at Essen to meet the de
mands for war material In armor, puns
and projectiles. The latest improvement
consists in a lot of new buildings covering
four and a half acres at a cost of $575,000.
The labor payroll at Chatham dockyard
during one week last month was $65,000 for
men employed In the building and repair
ing of ships. This sum exceeds by at lea3t
50 per cent the total amount paid at all
the navy-yards in the United States for
like purposes in one week.
The horsepower required for various
maximum speeds of torpedo-boat destroy
ers of about 320 tons displacement has
been figured out to be as follows for each
ton displacement: 26 knots, 12% horse
power; 27 knots, 15Vi; 30 knots, 20; 32 knots.
24%, and for 35 knots It required 31' i
horsepower.
The price of armor In foreign navies is
considerably less than Is demanded by the
two plants In this country. For plain ar
mor England pays W3 per ton, while our
navy has been charged $430 to $600 and
France paid $445 to $475. For Harveyized
armor the cost Is $500 to $525 in England.
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
EmuSsmw
Cures Coughs and Colds
cures them quicker and
better than any cough mix-
ture ever made. It does
-
more. It enriches the
blood, strengthens mind and
body, gives vigor and vital-
ity. Cough mixtures won't
do this, nor will they cure
deep-seated, stubborn coughs.
Scott's Emulsion
will. Try it! ; £#SJBS
The United States Government pays salaries to a
rr.mber of gentlemen to serve as a board to dcter
n.ine the correct spelling of geographical namcc, and
vet Congress does not follow the spelling adopted by
Ihe board. It looks, therefore,' very much like mak
ing an expenditure of money for useless work, and
the members of the board might as well be granted
an unlimited leave of absence without pay.
While the war with Spain was going on the country
and its statesmen seemed well pleased with the work
done by the National Guard in furnishing a volunteer
army for the service of the republic, but it turns out
that hardly anything was right about it, and a scheme
is now before Congress for reorganizing the guard
throughout and depriving the members of the right of
electing officers.
With a string of British generals being sent home in
disgrace from South Africa and over forty Russian
naval officers under arrest for corruption, it would
seem that Old World war affairs are no joke after all.
It would be interesting to know how many "native
sons" Collector Jackson has created in the last twenty
days. This is information which the Collector very
carefully keeps to himself.
At last the filial blow has been given to Admiral
Dewey's ambition. The Republicans of his native
State. Vermont, have indorsed McKinley.
Spiral armlets of copper form good pro-
tection for the arm in battle, and th-»
King of Dahomey uses his aa defensive
weapons.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 22.— T. B. Bassett of
Pasadena. Cal.. is at the. Holland. H. F.
Mann of San Francisco Is at the Nether
land. H. L. Haskill of San Francisco 13
at the Buckingham.
Special information supplied daily t3
business houses and public men by th-j
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Alor-t- •
gomery street. Telephone Mala 1042. •
CaL elace fruit SOc per H> atTownsend's.*
Cameras and photographic supplies, a!sa
printing, developing and mounting, at
Sanborn &. Vails. 741 Market street. •
STANDING OF FREE SILVER
IUDGE TARSNEY of Oklahoma is not a jurist
£¦> J of national repute, nor a statesman of fame, nor
a political leader of renown. Perhaps the reason
why he has attained to none of those eminences is
that he is a man of singular candor and reveals the
v/orkings of his mind in such a way that his very
guile appears like that excessive frankness which h
known as rankness; and thus his neighbors look upon
him not so much as a candid friend as a pudding
head.
The Judge has recently given his advice on the po
litical situation to the Democrats and the Populists
of his neighborhood, and in the course of it he said.-
"Bryan represents the silver question, but every
body knows that is a settled question,; and nobody
will get scared over it. If I had the writing of the
platform, opposed as I am to the silver craze, I be
lieve that I would put that 16 to 1 business in just to
catch the wild-eyed fellows who cannot understand
anything else, and know but little about that."
There is candor. Free silver is dead and the Judge
is opposed to reviving it, for he deems it nothing
more than a craze at best, but he would nevertheless
declare for it in a national platform. According to
his view the Bryanites are spreading taffy for flies
and fools in this campaign, and in his judgment iny
thing that tends to catch them is good.*
There arc not many politicians who would have the
frankness to speak out as the Oklahoma dignitary
has done, but a good many of them who will be loud
in disclaiming his "leadership will sneakingly follow
his advice. They will call him a fool and then act
upon his plan. That is Bryanism. That is standing
by free silver.
las* week, and the failures were 161 against 187 last
year. The latter showing is a good one, as it points
out that the price liquidation now going on is healthy
and does not imply hard times. On the contrary, the
abundance of money in the country, albeit in com
paratively few hands, is a safeguard against any seri
ous reverse. So there is nothing to fear.
THAT OLD. FAMILIAR LAW.
THE check in manufactured goods mentioned
frequently of late, and which has been the fea
ture of the business situation for some little
time, is becoming more apparent. Its beginning was
remarked only by dose financial and mercantile ob
servers, and nine-tenths of the business men of the
United States have been blissfully unconscious, un
til the past fortnight, that such a change was creep
ing over national trade. The majority of them do
not know it now. But it is here.
This change has been freely outlined in this col
umn for two months, but it will bear repetition. It
is that prices for almost everything manufactured
are too high, and are coming down. This is all there
is to it. We had a boom last year, and like all booms
it has come to an end. Production has passed the
demand, and an involuntary halt has taken place.
From now on a period must elapse until we can use
up the vast quantity of manufactured goods, and
when they are used up we will go ahead again.
This is the situation in a nutshell. In the meantime
prices must shade off more or less to accommodate
themselves to the capacity of the public purse, and
that is what is going on to-day.
A glance at the condition of the leading manufac
tured staples will show this condition clearly. The
production of iron, so vast in 1899, has become so
unwieldy that the price of plates and bars has de
clined $5 per ton, the American Steel and Wire Com
pany has closed its mills, and buyers are holding off,
expecting still lower prices. Boots and shoes are
dull, and all the factories are not working; some are
running on half time and others have not a month's
orders ahead. The high prices have scared off buy
ers, and as the price of leather, in the face of this
condition, is still obstinately held up, there is a block
to business in consequence. If leather is allowed to
decline to the margin-of-profit point boots and shoes
will probably move again. Wool is in the same boat.
Producers ask so much for their wool that the manu
facturers cannot operate at prevailing prices without
advancing final quotations, which the public refuses
to pay, so wool is in the hole along with iron and
boots and 'shoes. Cotton goods; too, are selling at
concessions, for few expect present prices to last.
And thus it goes, all along the line, and every few
days some other branch of industry joins the con
tinually growing procession.
The matter will adjust itself, and probably without
difficulty or serious inconvenience. There is a law
of supply and demand, which sooner or later asserts
itself in spite of the efforts of trusts and combinations
to evade or crush it. It is asserting itself now. We
bought goods so furiously in 1899 that we only
stopped when we had overstocked ourselves, and now
we do not want any more for some little time. Hap
pily the process of adjustment is slow. Money is
plentiful and there is little danger of any grave hap
pening. But thousands of goods which were sharply
advanced in 1899 will have to come down to the level
of the public pocket, and no power on earth can ar
rest the descent to this level. When the adjustment
is finally completed we will start in and do it all over
again, for that is the way of man.
Commercial authorities are busy just now in ex
plaining away this subsidence in prices, precisely 23
the defeated party explains away its defeat after elec
tion. Most of them lay it to the weather. Any oM
excuse wUI do, and the weather is something that
never denies what you say. So it has been the pre
ferred scapegoat ever since creation.
Thn country's bank clearings, fell off 12.5 per cent
thought that the only way in which the
exchange would be safe was to exclude
everything except producing companies.
Tho vote to postpone action for six
months was practically unanimous."
The Santa Barbara Press has an ac
count of an agreement to sell 1000 acres or
the Dos Puehicp ranch, in Santa Barbara
County, for $80,000 to an oil company. The
present owner is Stephen Rutherford. The
company will soon begin to prospect for
oil.
Ground hns been broken for a new oil
refiner-/ on thr> line nf the Terminal rail
way, between Long Beach and San Pedro.
The concern will he operated ns the Sun
set Oil Refining Company. The plant will
be in operation in thirty days and wi'l
have a capacity nf 500 barrels* of crude oil
per day. Philadelphia capital is in the
enterprise. The capital stock is 1100.000.
As an indication of the Increased con
sumption of California crude oil. it may
bo noted that the smelter at Redding, in
the northern part of th« State, is building
a stfPl tank to hold 125.0C0 gallons, ana
that oil will be used for fuel in the future
Instead of coal. The smelter has been
using a carload of coal every twenty-four
hours but finds oil more economical.
The Latest Portrait of Oom Paul.
THE ABOVE IS A REPRODUCTION FROM THE LONDON* SPHERE OF THE ONLY PHOTOGRAPH OF MR. KRU
GERINSPECTACLES. IT WAS TAKEN APRIL 1, ISS9. A FEW WEEKS PRIOR TO THE ELOEMFON
TEIN CONFERENCE. WHEN THE TRANSVAAL PRESIDENT MADE HIS MEMORABLE VISIT TO JO
HANNESBURG.
QUEST FOR OIL
CONTINUING IN
MANY SECTIONS
One Company Extending Its
Operaiions Far Inio
the Ocean.
Seats in the Los Angeles OH Exchange
have risen to a premium. The limit of
membership has been placed at fifty and
the price at E>o. There was much fur
prise last \>i>ek when a broker announced
that he would give $~5 for a seat. A local
observer says that there was "a hush for
a moment and then the excitement broke
loose. The bid was increased by $5 at a
lime until $100 was offered for a seat, but
there were none for sale. The final bid
was received with applause by the brok
ers and spectators." The same day that
this enthusiasm was manifested the ex
change broke its records for sales. The
shares sold numbered C7OO and the price
paid was $4540.
The Duquesne Oil Company, operating
at Summerland. has let a contract for a
new wharf, which will accommodate eight
more derricks. This will give the com
pany thirty wells. The operations of
the company, while extending out into the
ocean, are not considered troublesome.
The wells are shallow and drilling is not
difficult. The company has one-half mile
of water front and room to sink 200 wells.
While it Is an incorporation, the stock is
reported to be held exclusively by Thomas
\\ ood of Pennsylvania and R. 11. Her
ron of Los Angeles.
Messrs. K. eniCKerlng. E. T. Howe and
Louis Brown, officers of one of the larg
est oil concerns in the country, have been
inspecting the fields in the south and say
that they will pay the same attention to
them in future that has been given to
the Eastern fields.
A. H. Rlcketts of the California Miners'
Association expresses in the Mining and
Scientific Press the following ideas con
cerning the proper conditions for filing
upon oil lands:
"In the opinion of the writer, lands
claimed a? petroleum oil lands, and which
present such indications of the existence
of that or other mineral oils that the
claimant is willing to spend his time and
money in exploring It in the expectation
of finding such fluid minerals In paying
quantity, supported by expert testimony,
showing that the land contains such In
dications as to make it it likely that pe
troleum or other mineral oils will be
found therein in paying quantities, or the
fact that neighboring territory is pro
ducing oil and that the geological condi
tions warrant the conclusion that the oil
stratum' underlies the ground sought to
be appropriated by the mineral claimant
should be sufficient basis for a valid pe
troleum placer location or to withdraw
such lands from agricultural entry at
least a reasoiable length of time, dur
ing which exploratory work should be
prosecuted with reasonable diligence or
the claim be forfeited. But that is not the
law and nothing short of Congressional
legislation will make such conditions pos
sible."
"While Los Angeles 19 In the" throes of
protest against the location of oil wells In
certain districts in that city San Diego
comes forward with a similar complaint.
An effort will be made to locate oil wells
Inside of the city limits on land recently
leased from the San Diego Land and
Town Company back of False Bay and
north of the valley of the San Diego
River. The lease of several hundred
acres of pueblo lands was made by one
company.
'.It is estimated that by - May 15 there
will be about eighty wells In the Kern
River oil fields In a condition to pump oil.
"With possibly one exception the 'railroad
has secured rights of way into the dis
trict. The Southern Pacific Company has
promised to begin the construction of a
track as soon as. the complete right of
way is cleared up.
The Los Angeles Times of April 13 says:
"The Oil Exchange delivered a knockout
blow to the proposition of dealing in wild
cat stocks by postponing action on the
matter for six months. There was a desire
on the part -of, some of the members to
have ' the stock of reputable prospects
called, but as there was no way to sepa
«to. the sheep from the goats it was
WRANGLING OF THE TURF CROOKS
DISCLOSURES made by the wrangling turf
men concerning the manner in which racing
has been carried on for the fleecing of the
public afford to the people of San Francisco further
lessons upon that subject. After the fearful list of
frauds, embezzlements and crimes committed by the
victims of the track to obtain money to play the races
come these revelations that the dupes never had a
chance to win. Not only were the odds against the
outside bettors under all circumstances, but the races
themselves were fixtd and the result made a sure
thing for the gamblers.
It is not worth while for the public to take sides in
this quarrel among the sure thing men. It can wait
patiently to see what the turf authorities -.vill do in the
way of punishing or of whitewashing In the mean
time the intelligence of the people will perceive that
the logic of the charges and the countercharges leads
to the conclusion that there has been either whole
sale crookedness or wholesale lying among the mem
bers of the racing ring; nor is it likely much wrong
will be done to either side if the public concludes
there has been both lying and crookedness.
To the patrons of the ring, the customers of the
track gamblers, these disclosures must bring about
as bitter medicine as men have ever to take. They
have squandered their earnings, deprived their fami
lies cf the comforts of life, have borrowed money,
and in many cases have been tempted to steal it, in
order to obtain the means of betting on the races;
and now they learn that they were cheated from the
start, that they have been played for suckers of the
rawest kind, and that for their coin they have received
not even a gold brick.
When one recalls the evil that has resulted from
the track gambling carried on at Tanforan and for a
time at the Ingleside track under the management of
the Eastern sports, there is something frightful in the
disclosures that are now being made. Men have been
led on from wasting their incomes to profligacy, to
petty frauds, to gross crimes, to exposure, to ruin,
to fiight, to prison or to suicide; and all for nothing,
fcr not even a chance to win, for not so much as 2
shadow of a chance. The track gamblers, arranging
the conditions of the races to suit themselves, con
trolling the jockeys and having everything in their
own hands, have not given their dupes even the slight
chance that they seemed to have on the face of the
cards. There has been no "sport" in the game at any
time.
Finally, it i? to be borne in mind that we are but
at the beginning of the revelations of crookedness.
If the wrangling factions do not become suddenly
frightened at the disclosures of their own tricks, and
in a common fear abandon their controversy, we shall
probably learn of many more frauds on the tracks.
It is not likely that the acts now charged against cer
tain jockeys and owners are all that have been com
mitted. Even should the specific charges of fraud
prove to be lies, there would still remain fastened
upon the track gamblers the crookedness that im
pelled the lying.
The education of San Francisco upon the evil of
trick gambling ought now to be complete. The rec
ords of the criminal courts and the Morgue show the
effects af the gambling, and the disclosures of fraud
among the jockeys and their managers show the
means by which those effects are wrought. What
more can be required to confirm the people and the
municipal authorities in a firm resolve to put an end
to this nefarious trade which injures legitimate racing
and horse breeding by degrading "the sport of kings"
to a common swindle and a public curse?
to the- port within the last month. Evidently the Collector had taken a second thought
and was about to seek some other means of vindication than that which would be afforded
any except persons interested or entitled to the privilege, and he promptly decided that
The Call is not among those who have the privilege. The Call and its representatives were
denied even permission to find out what disposition had been made of Chinese brought
There was, however, no investigation undertaken or permitted. After issuing the
challenge, the Collector of the Port suddenly remembered an order from his official su
perior at Washington forbidding him to permit the inspection of the customs records by
A VICTORY FOR THE LAW AND THE PEOPLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.
the law had been executed under his administration. He challenged investigation, as
serted a willingness to have all the records opened for inspection, and declared he sought
no other vindication than that which the records upon a complete examination would
show. The Call promptly accepted the challenge. It guaranteed to defray the whole
expense of such examination. It was ready then as now to publish the truth, the whole
truth and nothing but the truth, whether it were to the credit or the discredit of any
official, there being no other object on the part of The Call* than that of making known
to the public how far the exclusion act has- been enforced and how far it has been
evaded.
G*c --^SBe^ (Sail*
MONDAY APRIL 33. J9Q3
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications lo W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION" OFFICE. .Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone .Main IS<K>.
EDITOUIAL lIOO.M* SPIT to 221 Sterexi«on St.
Telephone 3in!n 1&7-4.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 15 Cent" Per Week.
Single Coplex. 5 Cent".
Terras l»y Mall. Including I'oatairei
PAH.T CALL unrtudlaK Sunday), cne year *« 0*
DAILY CALL <!=cluilr.tr Bottday). 6 months S.*>
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months !¦•*>
DAILY CALL— Uy K:r.*le IJonth <"«
SUNDAY CALL One Year *•£»
WEEKLY CALL One Year J °°
All po«tma«ter» are «nthoriied to receUe
¦ obicrl ptlon».
6ai=pl« ecr»e» »U1 b« forwarded when requested.
OAhLAXD OFFICE Hl** Ilroadirax
Warmer Foreign Advertising, Marquette Bu -hingr. Cheapo.
iLcnjt Distance Telephone "Central :61?.")
JCEW YORK COKKKSPOXDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square
!.TV TOF.K KKFKKSEXTATIVE:
STEPHEN 3. SMITH... _ 30 Tribune Building;
CHICAGO NEWS 6TAKDS:
Eherraan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Nortbera Hotel;
Frwr.cnt House; Auditorium HoteL
_— — — — •
NT7V7 YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waia»rf-Artorl* Hotel; A. Brentaao. 31 Unloa Square:
Alcrray HUI BoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON £. CRANE. Correspondent.
DRA\CI! OFFICE*— :rr Mcatpomerr. comer cf Oar. ci>e3
cr.tU P:3O o'clock. 300 Haye*. cr»n until 3:30 o'clock. <tW
McAl!:rter. cpen unt!! 0:30 o'clock. eis Larkln. open until
6:50 o'clock. 1941 Mlselcn. opea until 10 o'clock. 2t«l
Market, corner filxteectb. cpea until » o'clock. 109«
Valencia, cptc until t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
6 o'cJock. N"W. corner Twecty-uecond and Kentucky.
cpen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEJIZNTS.
Calif orr.'.a— "Carta'.a Lettarbia'.r."
Alcazar— "Quo Vails."
Columbia— "The Floorwalkers."
TlvolJ— "The Wizard cf the Nile."
Grir.d Oi*ra-hou»* — "Aa Arabian Girl."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
F:scher'» Concert Jlou»e— "La Traviata."
Olyinpla. corner llaeoa and Eddy Etreets— Specialties.
Cbvtes. Zoo aai Theater— Vaudeville every arternooa cd
Central Park — Gentry* » Trained Animal Ebow.
El Caispo— Daacln-F. bovl'.sr. f.shlng. etc.. every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By W. C. Layn*— Monday «reninr. April a, tt I o'clock.
Hcrse* at T^ Hcvari etreet.
By Chase & Mer.rier.ha.!l— Thursday, April 21. at 11 a. m., at
J723 Market ru+*i. lloitet.
4Purely vegetable, mild and reliable.' Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful rejrulartty. " .
For the cere of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derancements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c «. box. At Drupgrlsts, or
by mall. RADWAT * CO.. New York.
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
APRIL n TO MAY 5. INCLUSIVE
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
Racing Monday, Tuetday, Wednesday Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or thine.
Klve or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m and
12:80. L 1:30. 2. 2:M and 3 p. m.. connecUng
with trains stopping at the entrance to thS
track. Laft two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no nmokln*;. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oaklanl male connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at {Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pab'o avenue cam at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. Th»s« electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returninß— Trains leave the track at 4:IS and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR- President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
Cycle Dealers' Officers.
The fourth annual meeting of the Cycl«
Board of Trade was held recently and
officers elected for the ensuing term.
James M. Hamilton was re-elected secre
tary for the fourth term. Th© complett
beard of effleera follows: President. W.
J. Kenny; vice president. Joseph Holle;
treasurer. J. W. Co well; secretary. Jamei
M. Hamilton; directors*— Lea vltt & Bill.
Dunham & Carrigran Company, Edwis
Mohrig. T. H. D. Varney, G. W. Peyton,
Albert Benton. Joseph Holle. T. Eamea
H. A Lozier & Co.. P^pe Manufacturing
Company. Morgan & Wright. I. P. Allea
and C. E. Baker.
The annual banquet will take plact
shortly, the details being in the hands ol
T. M. Hamilton, bon vivant.
Vallejo Yachtsmen.
Some spcrtsinsn of Vallejo interested fa
aquatic pastimes met recently and organ*
ized the Vallejo Yachting and Boating
Club. W. J. Wood was elected tempor
ary chairman and F. B. Lemon secretary.
F. B. Lemon. J. I* Sullivan and Jamei
Lynn were appointed a commltte© on p«r
manent organization.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
¦ / Oftr* U * Drai» Amalgamator*. «p»rat-
itKUUll lr«r c«ilr; i tO-Rp. rsaolln* .o-
tTlne cheap, t Stprenson. 8. F".
Berinsin* TO-NIGHT. FUN
Tie R*liab> Cc=oa:aas. ppi C F<=
WARD 2oc
VOKESf S H !£?/
A=S * Ccrr.racy <-f 4* People. In the Muylcal
Farce Come<!r.
The Floor Walkers.
r=nr.ler Ttaa "A RUN OX THE BANK."
PHONE MAIN ES.
CROWDED EVERT NIGHT.
FECOND W KEK ani Continued Trtumrh of
Oar New Tork Extravaganza Company in
AN ARABIAN GIRL
OR Ail BABA AND THE <"• THIEVES.
THIS EVENING.
m:w songs, new specialties.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
OorA. TteserTed Seat In Orchestra at Satur-
Czy Marine*. SSc.
Branch Ticket Offlc*. Emporiam.
/\G/\IIN | AGAIN
/\ HIT! | M CRUSH !
rNTHUSLASM KNKTT NO BOUNDS.
MR. JAMES NEILL
AaA Hl* Incomparable Ccrr.par.j- In ilanruerlt*
Merisrtcn'a Mc*t Charminc Ccraedy.
"CAPTAIN LETTARBLAIR"
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
EATURDAT MATINEE ONLY.
EPHCIAL THURSDAY MATINEE PERFORM-
ANCE OF
"CFK F»T/*HN' bWIFT."
Seats r.rrw r.n rale f>r FRIDAY AFTER-
NOON. April r. PETSCHNIKOFF-HAM-
BOURG. M
«* i n &»"v i n Cm ¦ v
EVERT NIGHT AT % O'CLOCK.
<dTR H'FFC TIIn CROWNING SUCCESS
'-till V LLft OF THE SEASON.
CEATS SIX DATS IX ADVANCE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES—ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
CENTRAL PARK g?&V B &
LAST WEEK
GENTRY'S WORLDS GREATEST
TRAINED ANIMAL SHOW! '
— tVONDERFI'LLY TRAINED — QArt
OUU — AND EDUCATED ANIMALS — OUU
A Most Isterestirs and Refined Entertainment.
Performances 3 o'clock aftern-jon. t:io at night.
ADMISSION— ChiIdren 10c. Adults 25c
Weekly CaUTslJooper~Year j
4 QUART BOTTLES 53.20.
Kxpre«s charpes prepaid.
Hic'iMt jrad* Tor Medicinal cr Family use.
j TVe £'.v» ycu tee benefit cf the middlemen's
' profit, besides rcu are guaranteed m« c«r-
. tainir of
f*URE WHISKEY.
; Nothiajf en case to indicate ccntests.
: Money refand^d *f net ea-fsfactory.
i Reference, any business £rm and ccmoerdaJ
esencJ«s. .
f=\ EPHRAIAI «fc CO..
Dictfllert' Agents.
IS Mcn»scm?ry street. San Francisco, CaL
CT'Twlo! the price «y^:1;1 buy do better.
IA/. T. HESS.
KOTABY PC2LT3 A5O ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckeli Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, fll California st., below Powell.
6an Francisco. : ¦ . '¦•: v :--¦:
A3TTJSZSIZNTS.
THE NILE IS RISING :
YOU DON'T SAY SO !
SECOND WEEK
OF THE ENORXCOCS PITOCESS,
Th* Euprb Comic Opera,
S "Tl% BiS
Every On» Fay« I:'* Gr»at»r TTian
•THE IDOLS EYE."
Everisrs at *. Matir.ee Saturday at 3.
TeiTi*''^* I—Bufh1 — Bufh S.
FINAL WEEK.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
In Conjunction with OKPHEfM STARS.
DIGBT BELjJ; HAS & BROSCHB: MLI.X.
proik>: MiL.r>KEr> ftou-sii: marzel-
I-A: GUZTAXOS: F.AL.K; 6CMON; BELL-
MAN": 1IOORE: DCXCAJC.
Reserved eeat. Z^c; balcony, 10c; cpera chairs
and bex se*t«. Ztr.
J.tatin*^* V.V-lnes'iay. Saturday and Sunday.
THE LIBERAL
CREDIT HOUSE.
Or.c visit trl'.j convince you that you are
in th* rtcl.t stor#. Big reductions in
Carp«?s, Furniture, Mattings, etc..
Houses Furnished Complete.
Goods delivered free within 100 miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
NEAR POWELL.
Open Evenings.
FELL IN LOVE
WITH DEERING,
THE BURGLAR
An Attractive Woman Madly
Infatuated With the
Crook.
Shs Was to Have Become His Wife
in Los Angeles, but Was Pre
vented by His
Arrest.
«
Burglar Deerinc has a 3\veetheart v.-ho
firmly believes him innocent of the many
crimes charged against him. She Is a
blonde of medium height and rather at
tractive. Who she is the sleuths of the
"upper office" have been unable to ascer
tain. She refuse? to reveal her identity,
but makes no attempt to conceal her love
for the burglar. Since his arrest she has
been his only visitor, vainly attempting to
cheer him up and make his enforced stay
in the prison as comfortable as the cir
cumstances permit. Yesterday she con
fided to the detectives' who arrested Deer
ing that she met him in Los Angeles about
two months ago and fell desperately In
love with him.
After a brief courtship they became en
gaged, the woman thinking that Deerln,?
was what he represented himself to be— a
merchant of New York City. On the eve
of their wedding Decrlng was arrested on
suspicion of having entered a number of
private residences in Los Angeles and
stealing several thousand dollars' worth of
jewelry- She- was present when he was"
being searched by the detectives, and
vigorously denounced his arrest as an out
rage. After being held In Jail for over two
weeks Deering was given his freedom,
the detectives were unable to gather suf
ficient evidence against him. Morally cer
tain of his guilt, the police gave him to
understand that his presence in the south
ern city was not needed. Taking the hint
Deering packed his grip and came to San
Francisco.
a few aays later his sweetheart followed
and was met by the housebreaker. Deer
ing Informed her that it was necessary
for him to return to New York, and that
he wanted her to accompany him as his
wife. He severely criticized the Los
Angeles detectives for having arrested
him, and threatened tr> bring sii4t against
them for heavy damages.
While the love-smltTfn woman was pre
paring her trousseau Deering was adding
to his spoils by plundering various lodg
ing-houses. After committing a series of
unusually bold burerlarles Deerlns was
finally captured by Detectives Wren and
Dinar.. . In his room was found a large
quantity of costly jewelry which he had
stolen. It was hidden under the floor of
the room, together with a complete kit
of burglar tools. Notwithstanding the
overwhelming evidence against him, his
fiancee still bellves him innocent. She has
employed a lawyer to defend him, and
seems convinced that he will be dis
charged In the Police Court. . r
The detectives are making strenuous rf
forts to find out who the woman Is a:id
how she happened to fall In 10-/e with the
noted crook. It Is indirectly claimed that
she comes from a wealthy family In the
East, and that she was spending a vaca
tion In Los Angeles when she met Deer
ing.
the Republican creed." For th© first tlmi
was witnessed at Washington that on.
seemly spectacle with which we have ©vej
since been sadly familiar. A greedy mot
of office-seekers thronged the whlt«
House for months otter the Inauguration,
demanding of th*- President that "reward'
to which their political services, past 01
prospective, were beltercd to rntltle them.
Experienced ofQcers of the Government
were -.promptly removed that, newspapei
editors and others who had "worked" foi
Jackson might be gratified, and if remon
strances were made the accomplished Sec
retary of State, with bland and polished
manner, replied: "We give nx\ reasons foi
our removals." The spoils system was
accepted as a party principle in the' De
mocratic party. an«l with its Insidious ap
peal to human greed it wa3 destined t«
creep into the management of the othei
parties also. But effort* were not want-
Ing to keep the party of Jackson's oppo
nents pure from the deS'.ement of suci
truckling to baser passior^. Its great
leader. Henry Clay, set forth the contran
principle in word* which should be indel
ibly graven upon the mind of every youth*
ful citizen: •
••Governiner.t la a trust, and th» officers 01
the fovenm»nt are tru»t«">». a.-..! both Xh*
trust and the trustees ar* cr-ated for th* bene
fit of th« poopli?. Official Incumbents art
bound, therefore, to administer the trust, atx
for th»lr own private or individual benefit. bu f
so as to promote the prosperity of the people."
"The Tariff of Abominations."
The last Congress of Adams' term wai
composed in both houses of a strong 1 ma
jority of Jackson's friends, who spent
their energies mainly in preparing for thi
advent of their hero. Such a Congress
had never met before. Its last sessior
was a scurrilous partisan wrangle, actlo:
upon either side being taken with a view
to Its effect upon the approaching elec
tion. A new tariff bill, well called "tht
tariff of abominations."' passed In th© la*
hours of the session, was of such a char*
acter. It was protective solely, no addi
tional revenue being then needed, and IU
purpose was to secure votes fnr Jacksor.
In the States favoring protection. By a
deep-laid scheme attributed to the will
Van Buren. the duties were laid In suet
a way as to offend the New England sup
porters of Adams, while pleasing th© pro
ducers of raw materials In the Middle an<
Western States. Jackson men from at
quartets wera to support the bill, but 01
the final vote the Southern members wen
to turn round, and, voting with th© N>k
England men. defeat the measure, but tht
odium of the defeat was to be cast upo:
New England. To the surprise of thi
plotters, the bill, with tt3 absurd and ob
noxious features almost unchanged, be
came a law. The South was furious. For
years it had seen Itself left far behind tht
North in the growth of population anc
wealth. It saw New England becomlni
rich and powerful under protected manu
factures, the Central and Western Statei
developing rapidly under protected ra-w
materials. Its own prosperity appeare.}
to depend upon the untrammeled exporta.
tion to Europe of Its cotton, tice and to
bacco, with the free Importation thenre o:
the manufactured goods required. Tha
slavery waa the real clog to Southers
progress Southern men wem not yet abli
to see. and a bitter feeling grew uj
against the national protective policy fa
vored in the North.
In the Jaok.«nn party w»r© men of aE
shades of opinion as to th© tariff. whll«
the Adams and Clay forces were practi
cally united In support of a protectivt
policy. It seems to have been the plaxv o:
the latter to make profction the leading
question in the campaign of IS2S. but th«
Jackson managers chose to divert publii
attention from matters o? national lmpor
to the personal chargf of a corrupt po
litical "deal" between Adams and Clay, li
the previous election.
The tariff of IS3. pleasing nobody as a
whole, was modified and some of the ob
jectionable provisions nrraoved by the leg
islation of IS3> and ISS2, while In ISS3 tht
compromise tariff act- was passed as a
concession to the South, providing for a
gradual reduction of duties to th© ear!j
low rates. *
courses of nraTßTJcnoir.
Spring Term, 1900.
Mondays — American Political Pax*
ties.
Tuesdays — TVenty Lessons is
French Conversation, and Becesit Sd«
entiflc Discoveries.
Wednesdays and Thursdays —
Golden Ages of Literature.
Fridays — Photography for Ama»
teurs.
Saturdays — Biographical Stndiei
fcr Girls.
These courses will continua tQti!
Hay 31, 1000. Examinations will bi
held at their close as a basis for tht
granting of certificates.
YACHTSMEN ENJOY A
CRUISE ON THE BAY
Sausalito Tars Sail to Paradise Covet
Preparations for Corinthian
Opening Day.
The scheduled event for tfc» fleet oi tb«
San Francisco Yacht Club for Sattxrdaj
and Sunday was a sail to Paradlso Coy«
and return. Commodore W. N. McCar
thy's schooner Ramona. accompanied Gv
T. S. White's "sloop Siren, anchored la
the cove on Saturday night, where thej
were joined yesterday by th© yawl Phyl
lis, the sloopsi Catherine and Cygnus and
the auxiliary schooner Outinff. Th«
schooner Chispa also cruised la th© Uppei
Bay.
A fair breeze carried th© craft up tht
bay, but on the return trip th© wind f«U
light and the beat through Raccoos
Stralta against a flood tld© was a lona
one. The fleet, however, made Us moor-
Ings soon enough to enable th© yachts
men to return to the city by the 6:15 fer>
ryboat.
Next Saturday most of th© Sansalite
yachtsmen will go over to th© op*nlns
festivities of the Corinthian Yacht CluS
at Tlburon. Th© Corinthians spent yes
terday In preparing for opening day. fe*
yachts flying tho Corinthian ensign belaj
seen upon the water.
A breaking down of the nerves, a wearing out of the brain
cells and a general exhaustion of the system from loss of nerve
poorer. It follows in the wake of headache, dizziness, sleepless-
ness, care, worry, grief, heart weakness and stomach troubles.
Any illness or disease may bring it on. but one remedy will re*
move it. That is the great brain food and nerve tonic,
"I had been confined to my ted for sev-
eral ¦weeks with a complete breaking down
of my nervous system, and my physicians
pave me no encouragement that I wotild
ever be any better, -xti^n I commenced
taking Dr. Miles' Nervine. That night I
flerjt for the f.rst time In bo many week?,
lir.d from that time on I fjrew steadily
better. I thank God for sending me such
a wonderful remedy."
MRS. T. E. WEAVER.
HicksvUle, Ohio.
6old at all drug Picr^s on a positive guarantee. Write for free
advice and booklet on diseases of the hear; and nerves to
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO.. Eikfcart. IndUna.
Belgian Hare Fanciers to Organize.
There will be a meeting of the Belgian
hare breeders of this city at 1«27 Market
street at 8 o'clock thi3 evening for th«
purpose of organizing a Belgian hare dub.
A full attendance la desired.
Berkeley Girls Defeated.
Special Dissatch to The Cal!.
PALO ALTO. April 22.— The Ellrworth
Club of Berkeley was def?ated In a gam«
of basket fcatl yesterday by the Young
Ladle**' Club of Palo Alto, by a score of .
to 0. The team work of th<« home clufc
was mveh superior t?> that of the visitors,
and the outcome never was in doubt.
Opium Smoker Severely Burned.
fA still alarm of fire was turned in yes
terday afternoon for a fire In a lodging
house at 514 Pine street. When Fire Chief
Sullivan arrived on the scene he discov
ered William Thomas crouching on the
back porch of the top floor with his face
and head badly burned. In a small room
on the fame floor, which had been occu
pied by^'homas. a bed was found ablaze,
while "on the floor was an opium layout.
Thomas was sent to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where his Injuries were attended to. *
JL CONCERT HOUSE
t22-t24 O'FAK/tELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER. Prop. I GEO. MOOSER. Mgr.
THE EANDSOJSE37 KUSIC HALL I!J AMERICA!
...WEEK CF APRIL 23...
Entire Change of Programme!
LA T RAVI AT A
(CAMILLE)
GREAT LOMBARD. OPERA QUARTETTE.
e.'GKOB BADAHiCCO SI3KO&A BABDSCCI
SIOSCRI J A FOLLSTII.HI 6ICKOSISA PU£KEBX
SEKO2 VAR3A3 SIQKOBINA BALVI9I
MISS LILLIAN SHERWOOD.
AUGUST HINRICHS- SUPERB ORCHESTRA.
ADMISSION. 10 CENTS. MATINEE TO-DAT.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
¦ "
DAVENPORT SISTERS; JONES. TJAVIS and
HEARD: EVANS and MAITLAND; ALICE
RAYMOND: EDWARD ADAMS; MULLEN
and WARD; THE HEWITTS; NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
Amateur Night, Thursday.
Cakewalk Night, Saturday.
OrtJer Seats by Ph«ne— Park 23.
SEVEN HUNDRED DOGS
FOR THE BENCH SHOW
All the Breeds of the Fanciers to Bs
Well Bepressnted at the Forth
coming Exhibition.
The entries for the fourth annual bench
show of the San Francisco Kennel Club
closed last night, the total number being
620. To this must be added a number now
In the malls,' particularly those from the
north, which will probably swell the total
to something over TOO.
Among the notable dogs are the English
setters Flora W, owned by Philip Wand,
and Monk of Frisco, owned by George
Walker. Prominent among the fox ter
riers are N. H. Hlckman's Warren Sceptic.
J. B.- Martin's Golden Flash and Aldon
Swagger, and J. M. E. d'Aquin's Olden
Artist. Some of the bull terriers that will
dispute for the ribbons are Albert Josephs'
Bloomsburg, John Gleason's Woodcote
Wonder, T. K. James' Banjo and L. H.
Greenebaum's Terry McGovern. Bull,
dogs are numerously represented, promi
nent among them being Greenebaum's
Harry Lacy. Harry Cushlng's Mike and
Herman Schiffaur's St. Llthlan's Ruler.
A conspicuous feature Is the entry of
twenty-five mastiffs, against nine at New
York.
The entries by breeds are as follow:
Mastiffs. 13; St. Bernards, SO: Great Dane*.
31: Newfoundlands. 6; greyhounds. 6; English
foxhounds. 6: American foxhounds. 21: point
er?, 21; English setters. IS; Irish setters. 20;
Gordon setters. 9: field trial class. 4; Irish
water spaniel?. 12; field spaniels. 8: cocker
spaniels. »»; Dalmatians. I; collies, 48; bull
dogs, 12: bull terriers. S4; Boston terriers, 5;
Dachshunde. 24; fox terriers (smooth coated),
60; fox, terriers (wire-haired). 3: Irish terriers,
l6:"*Kye terriers, 3; Yorkshire terriers. 8: toy
terriers. 1: pugs, 1; Pomeranians. 2; Japanese
spaniels. 5; Italian greyhounds. 7; Chow-Chow,
1; Esquimaux, 1: miscellaneous. 3.
Barley-Malt and Hops.
and no corn, are us?<l in making the famous
Anheufer-Busch Brewing Ass'n brand? of beer
for home anil club use. Tr:ere are no other?
that equal it. Absolutely pure bf»r. E. G.
Iyyons Co.. Wholesale Dealers. San Francisco.
Cal.
AHUEEMENTS.
SA>D CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS '
In Ot<»r«t'.'m Dai!r. «J firth str— .
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
CORRIGAN FALLS
HEIR TO HIGHLY
SCENTED PRAISE
Flowery Article Written by
an Eastern Scribe Is I
News Here.
Turf Scandal Will Come Up Before
the Stewards To-Night.
Piggott Asserts His
Innocence.
Well! here's a warm one. and it comes
all the way from Greater New York, pub
lished in a metropolitan journal with a
wide circulation in the tenderloin— and
sirloin— districts. The article is headed.
"Ed Corrlgan a Square Man," and In the
full bloom of his exuberance the writer
thus gushingly eulogizes the Hawthorne
magnate:
"Edward Corrlgan intends to race In
England this year and proposes to ship
twenty racers over there. Corrigan's
mild and gentle manners will give the
English racing public a fair Idea of the
amiable, pttace-lovlng Western turfman."
Now, this Is a new brand of salve never
before used out this way and It Is very
evident the. author of this charming con
ceit has not teen or conversed with Cor
rlgan in a lone, long time. Perhaps when
he did meet the big horseman he was
only a small boy wearing abbreviated
trousers and was given a stick of candy
and a hunk of gingerbread to be a good
little man. Grown people know these fa
vors early bestowea linger long in the
youthful mind.
Much of this sort of tommyrot has ap
peared In the press of late and it places
the Chicago horseman In a pitiful light,
supplicating himself at the feet of news
paper writers whom he has always de
spised, beseeching them to tell the Eng
lish people what a kind and mild-manner
ed man he is. Unhappily, war-racked
England! Try and receive him. Your
gain is not our loss. Time cannot efface
the memory of Corrigan's racing methods
in and around Chicago, resulting in the
ultimate destruction of the sport, with
Garfleld Park's carnival of blood the
crowning blot on its history. Neither
can the page on ..which Is Inscribed the
history of his hundred and one- disgrace
ful brawls on nearly even* course in this
country, from rights with negro "swipes"
to blasphemous arguments with racing
judges, be torn from the book. Closed
and mourned Ingleside I? testamentary to
his last and monumental mistake In bat
tle, meaning a loss of thousands of dol
lars to Its projectors. And. many a con
vtcted and striped felon, resting behind
the walls of Kolsom and Sun Quentin.
curses the day Corrlgan touched the soil
of the Golden West.
The question Is now raised. Will Cor
rigan be permitted to race his horses in
England? He was refused a license by
the Jockey Club of New York, his en
tries were rejected at Harlem track. Chi
cago, and also by the management of the
Oakland track. It looks a parallel case
with that of a boy named McDonald, sus
pended about two years ago by Captain
James Rees at Hawthorne track, Chi
cago. Last summer the directors of the
Chicago Racing Association lifted the
ruling against the wishes of Rees. The
license committee of the Turf Congress
then refused to grant McDonald a license
and he Is unable to ride In this country.
But if the racing officials across the pond
stand ready to welcome this class it looks
a pood country for them to emigrate to.
The turf scandal is teetering in the bal
ance, awaiting some new develooments at
to-night's resumption of the thing by the
Tanforan Park stewards. It Is said Ed
Corrlgan makes no direct charges against
lockey Henry, only complaining that the
bcv. did not ride more closely to orders.
ioo Piggott says he has been wronged,
as he can show if given a fair and Im
partial chance to explain matters. Joe as
serts he does not like money well enough
to. pull horse?, claiming he would have
started in years ago If such had been the
case.
The Sly case still hangs fire. "Red,"
one of Dan Hanlon's stable hands, makes
a vigorous denial against the statement
made that he ever stuffed or In any way
meddled with the mare. To-night's ses
sion promises bisr things, but may fizzle
out urider investigation.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Seven and a half furlong?; four
year-olds and upward: selling:
910 Greyhurst 106 1034 Poorlands 103
1120 Twinkle Twlnk.lM 1109 Be Happy l(H
UK Grady 100 1117 Colonel R00t...1C«
11?) Melkarth 101 1091 Flamaway 103
1101 Rainier 103 1123 Ramlet 101
1103 Defiance 1031 lllfl Inverary II 1M
Fecor.d race— Fire furlonjs; three-year-olds;
seltlng:
11C* Younjr Ilorello.lo7| 102* Gusslo Fay IC2
1074 Tanob* 97} 1013 Tom Sharkey...lC4
904 For Freedom... 1-2 j 1131 Miss Madeline. ll2
WBS Louise Haym'n.lO2| 103! Fine Shot 107
1830 The Scot 99i U*% Bona 102
900 Rlxford 104 10S8 Nettie C1ark. ..102
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward: selling:
1043 Llzzella 10?) 1102 Ja«l ....10S
1128 Scotch Plaid ll» t 1133 Captive H3
1043 Horton 1091
Fourth race— Four furlongrs; two-year-olds ;
sellinr:
(1104)Rolllck 11l HIS Scotch Belle.. ..103
1099 MoonbrUht — 103 11S0 Madge Simps' n.lo3
1130 Thornwild 106 10€2 Intrepldo 103
947 Klngstelle 103 .... Maresa. 105
1115 Diderot 11l •••. Bellerophon ...106
Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and upward; selling:
1122 Rosalbra 113 1107 Prestoma 97
l.m Spike 91 1134 El Mldo ..ion
1113 Gauntlet 10* 113i>*one Such 110
(113t)Stlver Tone 103 lflTAllenna 89
1115 Swiftwater 84 1055 Lost Girl ics
1111 Casdale 100i(lll€)Slr Hampton... »«
Sixth race— Seven and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward: selling:
1004 Anchored 108 10«O Campus io«
1113 Dk. of York 11.106 1118 Pongo 109
1153 Croker 108 1120 Donator 10s
1122 Storm King 109 1133 Morlnga iw»
1117 Gold Baron IH3 1051 Petal .101
860 Tirade 1061 103S Perseus 10s
Selections for To- Day.
First race — Poorlands. Grej-hurst, Cclonel
Root.
Second r«ce— Miss Madeline, Gussle V\r. For
Freedom.
Third race— Hortcn. Scotch. Plaid. Captive.
Fourth race— Rollick. Diderot. Klngstell*.
Fifth race— Sliver Tone. Gauntlet. Lost Girl.
Sixth race— Tirade, Storm King, Doaator/
V. PARTIES DURING THE JACK
SON PERIOD.
BY JESSE MACY. LL. D
From the election of 1?24 may be dated
the rise of what is often called "Jack
sonlan Democracy." which Is the personal
rule of the most popular man. The old
Republican or Democratic-Republican
party was rent into a number of factions,
each gathered round the person of an as
pirant to the Presidency. Jackson had the
largest following, and the characteristic
tendency in democratic nations for the
people to divide Into two fairly equal po
litical bodies now began to assert itself.
In the final choosing of a President it
was natural -for the weaker factions to
combine against the strongest. Clay, be
ing out of the race, held the» decision in
his own hands, since his electoral votes
given to one or another of the remaining
candidates would determine the result.
Crawford, feeble and palsied, seemed an
Impossible choice. There was strong per
sonal enmity between Jackson and Clay,
while the Calhoun and Jackson forces
were drawing together. It was apparently
lnevitable that Clay's votes should be
given to Adams. The day following Ad
ams' election he announced his choice of
Clay for Secretary of State, and charges
of a corrupt political "bargain" have ever
since clung to the names of those two
high-minded, upright and patriotic men.
There was never any trustworthy proof of
the assumed fact, but the cloud shadowed
all Clay's after. career and was one of the
influences contributing to the turbulence
of Adams' term of offlce.
Policy of John Quincy Adams.
Out of the personal rivalries of this pe
riod political parties based to a consider
able extent upon questions of govern
mental policy are now seen to emerge.
President Adams set forth definite ?nd pos
itive principles upon which he proposed
to shape his administrative career. Giving
a liberal construction to the terms of the
constitution, he warmly favored internal
Improvements by Federal aid and advo
cated national education. Trouble In Geor
gia respecting the final settlement of
.treaties with the Creek Indians, which in
volved disputes as to certain lands. led to
the firm declaration by the executive of
his intention to maintain Federal rights
against the arrogant assertion of the
power of the State to override United
States authority. In the resulting Con
i gressional debate upon this matter Web
: yter's powerful voice was heard in sup
port of the administration, while South
ern members freely raised the cry of Fed
eral infringement upon the constitutional
rights of the States and interference with
domestic concerns, coupled with threats
of withdrawal fn.m tfc<- Union. But the
' opponents of the President in Congress
withheld their support, and the weakness
of the administration was shown by
Georgia's successful defiance.
When tariff questions came to the front
It appeared that North and South were
divided upon the subject of protection
also. Underlying the various differences
as they rose may be seen the old consti
tutional quarrel between strict a.nd broad
Interpretation of the constitution State
i sovereignty and the supremacy of the
! National Government. The administration
I of Adams was a clean, honorable, digni
fied one. He persistently refused to use
the public patronage for his personal or
! party advantage. It was not a popular
or a successful administration. Adams
was a minority President. Jackson was
' the people's choice. Scarcely had the «
! ecutlve taken the official oath In ISCS when
i Jackson was announced as a candidate lor
j the election of 1523.
Andrew Jackson.
The old Democratic-Republican party
woke to new life under Jackson s leader
i ship. His brilliant military success had
! made him the popular Idol. He repre
i sented the eager, aspiring, indomitable
i spirit of the new great West and the
! limitations of his training from ptn-erty
i and frontier conditions only endeared
I him the more to the hearts of the peo
i pie who understood the crude, uncultured
i but self-reliant manhood which "makes
> circumstances" and disregards conditions.
! The new era in American politics inaugu
1 rated by Jackson's triumphant election in
1 1S2S tasted to the civil war. More than
any President who preceded him. he was
elected by the people. The newer States
; had entered ih<» Union with manhood
! suffrage practically unrestricted and
! property qualifications in the older
' States were becoming less stringent.
! Jackson was the choice of the new elec
torate: he stood for the direct power of
the people. Dominion was passing from
I the hands of Congress to those of the
I Executive, who had become the erabodl
| ment of the new Ideal, "popular sover
elgntv." The overbearing assumption by
i the Congressional caucus of the right to
' dictate to the people for whom they
I mi?ht vote as candidate for the Presi
! dency faded away as Jackson's star
i arose and the convention system, appeal
i ing directly to the voters and conforming
i to the rising popular ideals In govern
i ment. became established In national poll-
Party Evolution.
The new system was part and parcel
with the rise of a new order of political
parties. It gave to their organization
that completeness and effectiveness which
Insured their perpetuity and created" In
i American political life a force destined to
| work great results for weal and for woe
! in the unquiet times of the darkening fu
| ture. "Here is a revolution." wrote
I John Quincy Adams of this extension of
' party organization. And he foresaw, as
did Calhoun also, tragedy and disaster
from the violence of the popular passions
to be engendered and fostered by the new
methods. But this development of party
machinery was not a revolution, it was
a natural evolution. The seeds of the
mighty growth were planted deep In the
soil of EnsSish history and were warmed
to life by the sunshine of new-world
democracy.
The politics of an Ideally free people
must permeate Its whole life and a peo
ple will necessarily make for Itself organs
for expressing Its will after the manner
rendered Inevitable by its history and
character.
Party Names.
Out of the Democratic-Republican party
during J. Q. Adams' term of ofilce came
forth two opposing parties, neither ready
to yield the right to the time-honored
name. The Adams and Clay forces as
serted themselves to be the genuine Repub
licans of the true Jeffersonlan type. and.
being the administrative party, designat
ed Jackson's adherents as the "opposi
tion." But about IS3O the word "na
tional" began to be placed before the
party names and for several yeare "Na
tional Republicans" was the accepted
title of the followers of Clay. - The Jack
son party adhered to the hyphenated
name (which is to thl3 day the official
name of the present Democratic party),
but It was soon shortened and the part*
has ever since been called the Democratic
party.
Within the ranks of the national Re
publicans gathered as years passed the
various elements opposed to Jacksonlan
politics— the anti-Mason, who had failed
in effective party organization in 1332. the
nulllfiers of South Carolina and the Geor
gia supporters of States' rights, disap
pointed and angered by the President's
determined maintenance of the Federal su
premacy and those who held the old Fed
eralist views. The amalgamation of these
incongruous elements was facilitated In
1534 by the adoption of the new name.
Whig, for the conglomerate party, a name
which was supposed to embody the Idea
of resistance to executive tyranny In the
person of Andrew Jackson as It had stood
for resistance to the crown In the days
of the revolution. From that time for
nearly twenty years Whigs and Demo
crats fought the politcal battles of the
Union, and other effective parties there
were none.
The Spoils System Established.
Jackson readily adopted the "New York
plan" of using the public patronage and
his official power of removal for "reward
ing his friends and punishing his ene
mies." Van Buren of New York was his
confidential manager and the most skillful
political manipulator of his time. They
heartily agreed In appropriating as 'Vic
tors'* the "spolla" which they had won.
In Jackson's first message rotation In
office was declared "a leading principle In
Steamer Lakme Was Caught
in the Northwester and
Damaged.
Tramp Steamer Algoa Released From
Quarantine — "Will Take Nearly
Eleven Thousand Tons
Cargo to Orient.
The steamer Lakme. which arrived
from Tacoma Friday night, had a hard
tussle with the northwrster off the Men
docino coast. It was blowing a hurricane
and the heavy cross seas broke aboard the
stout craft continuously. Some of the
deckload was washed away and took a
portion of the starboard bulwarks along
with it. The cabins and forecastle were
flooded and all in all the Lakme got her
share of the gale that caused the schoon
ers Reliance and Archie and Fontlc to re
turn to port.
The Pacific Mail's big tramp steamer
Algoa was released from quarantine yes
terday and at once went to the Mail Dock.
She is very light, having only 5500 tons
y>f cargo aboard. Loaded to her full ca
pacity she can carry twice that amount.
Her cargo is composed principally of rice,
matting and pigiron and all of it will be
: discharged inside of three days. The big
I freighter will talc* away all she can carry.
| Thoustands of tons of flour have been
I booked for her and trer.ernl merchandise
j will fill her to full capacity.
Worrying Over the Annie Thomas.
The Annie Thomas has now been given
up by the underwriters and a few more
days ¦will probably see her "posted at
Lloyds as missing." She is now out 270
days from Cardiff, for Acapulco. an-i the
last time she was seen was off the Horn,
when she was making heavy weather in a
howling gale.
Captain Meredith was particularly well
known In San Francisco. He was last here
In the Dominion, but left that vessel to
got married. On her next voyage under a
new master the Dominion started from
Honolulu for Pvget Sound and has never
been heard from since. Shortly after the
Dominion was posted as missing Captain
Meredith took command of the Annie
Thomas and now that vessel has been
given up as lost by the underwriters.
Crowds on. the Front.
The water front was crowded with peo
ple yesterday. In the morning there was a
rush to cross the bay to picnic grounds
and in the afternoon crowds hurried to get
al>oard the battleships lowa and French
cruiser Protet. The Dolphin Boating and
Swimming Club took a big crowd to Fair
fax, while the Old Friends went to San
Rafael. Thousands went to Shell Mound
and Schuetzen Park. Take it all to
gether the ferry-boats had the heaviest
day of the season.
Harbor Commissioners Harney and Her
old paid the front a visit. The State Is
having an immense amount of work done
on the wharves and the two Commis
sioners cannot let a day pass without see
ing how affairs are progressing. The ac
commodations for the Sausallto ferry are
now nearing completion, the new post
office is halfway constructed and the new
cylinder pier wharf at Howard 3 will be
finished long before the contract time ex
pires.
The North End Improvement Club
owes Commissioner Herold a debt of grat
itude, as it is due to him In a trreat meas
ure that the erection of the wharves be
tween Union and Lombard, the construc
tion of new ferry slips on the north side
of Ixjmbard-street wharf and the building
of the wharves and breakwater for the
fishermen at the foot of Taylor street will
move aJong simultaneously. When these
Improvements are completed the north
end will have all it can desire and San
Francisco will have shipping facilities
equal to its wants.
"Water Front Notes.
George A. Knight was out In his launch
Athlete yesterday, but as the wind died
down In the morning and there was no
chance for a blow an excursion outside
was abandoned. Mr. Knight is never
happy unless it is blowing half a gale
and the Athlete is under water most of
the time. Then he will stay out for
hours, but thirty minutes in a clam Is all
he can stand.
Mrs. H. E. Morrison, wife of Pr. Morri
son, on" of th«» snrpeons at the Harbor
Hospital, left for Los Angeles yesterday
on a visit to friends and relative?. She
expects to be gone six weeks.
POLITICS DURING THE JACKSON PERIOD.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
A/WERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1300.
WESTMINSTER CHURCH
PASTOR IS INSTALLED
«r=s EV. EUGENE H. AVERT was
L_j^/ formally installed pastor of the
JpK_ Westminster Presbyterian Church
- - yesterday afternoon. The ceremo
nies of Installation were extremely im
pressive and were witnessed by a large
congregation. Rev. H. C. Minton, dean of
the San Anselmo Theological School,
preached a special sermon, and other well
known ministers of this city and vicinity
delivered addresses. '¦;-'. : ~ct
The exercises opened with the singing
of a" hymn by the choir, which is com
posed of Mr. and Mrs. Thayer, Miss
Marion Cummings, Miss M. Wilson, W. F.
Davis and H. G. lkenberg. Rev. J. S.
Thomas of the Howard Presbyterian
Church then' read the One Hundred and
Xinteenth Psalm and Rev. Dr. Eldrldge
offered prayer. Miss Marlon Cummings
then rendered a solo, and at Its conclusion
Professor Minton preached. His sermon
whs appropriate • to the occasion. He
chose as his text Luke x:31: "By chance
a priest came down that way." The
speaker dwelt on the important position
occupied by a pastor, and pointed out the
main duties of the office. Rev. Dr.
Eldrldge followed and read the charge to
the pastor and the charge to the congre
gation.
Rev. Dr. A very, who had been sitting in
the body of the church, was Invited to
the platform, and was there formally
charged with the duties of his office. Rev.
Dr. Condet of Oakland delivered an ad
dress, in. which he elaborated on the
charge to the pastor, and Rev. Dr. Doane
of this city spoke on the duties of the
congregation toward its pastor. Singing
by choir and congregation concluded the
services. * ; \
Rev. Dr. A very has been occupying the
pulpit of the Westminster Presbyterian
Church for the past eight months. Three
weeks before Easter he was invited to
permanently fill the pastorate and on
Easter Sunday announced his acceptance.
Dr A very comes from Vinton. lowa. He
ha? been in the ministry for the past
eighteen years. He is a brilliant speaker,
has a pleasing personality and has al
ready won a warm place in the hearts or
his new congregation.
'Printing, engraving, die-slnklng. stamp-
ing and embossing done In our stationery
department. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
DREDGING PLMPS.
fil. O*«9lln». Steam Ro!sta. Ontrlfncut Putto*.
T.rriTf*Aß n t'.«r*. H«r.dyM«rh. W«c» .«9 F'-mnnt.
.MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fopt>l» fre»h or i«lt »st*r for Mule* *rte»
Wrh «•• l«w lift«. Rlmcnd«. *S Market »t
GOL • SEPARATOR.
Crclcne Gold Separator and Amalgamator lit
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch ft Co.. m 1«t.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savin* Machine tii Fol-
»om «treet. Oriental Gas Engine Companr.
CONCENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acme" Concentrator works
blarlc sand dally. 2:7 Mission st.
PLATE 3 FOR SAVING GOLD.
Errisetlein A Btirr!dr«. 1 H»r<!l* plat*. eS
Kearny. between Butter and Rnsb «tr#«t».
F. W. BELL, Central Plating Worts. Mi Uis-
¦len <t.. 8. F. Phcn* Jeosic 3CI.
SILVER-PLATED MININO PLATES.
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
ln* Works. £52 Mission st.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know cold and save It. to handle
amal&arnatlngr plates, etc.. Central Park.
GROCERIES iXn PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 573 Howard
tOS Fourth. 1202 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
L'QUORS-
WHKITFY BLAT7 ' BEKR. B-thesda Water.
VI Hi JA L I CAHEX & SON. 41$ Sacramento st.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
F.URNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
•nd lwt »?¦.. OaklaDd. or Bonders' Ki.. 3. r.
OASOLINE E>CJINE«.
HERCULF.S GAS ENGINE WORKS Is flllln«
many orders for Nome. Hl-m First st.. S. F.
EN(JINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKKP. ft HAMILTON. Entrlne* tad Hollen:
lowevt prices on th» coast. Pin* * Davis sta.
.-. fups:*
rvn coats and robes fop. cape nome.
ALBERT BOErUCH. lIS Grant are.
TENTS AND «. OVERS.
XFIVIL.I.E it CO.. manufacturer*, uaxa. tiou,
cover* tl and S3 California st.
5
REV. E. H. AVERT.grounds yesterday morning saw some
thing of diamond specialties that made
them shout with Joy. It was not until
the ninth inning that the game was de
cided, when Babbitt by some risky base
running covered the plate on an error by
Brockhcff.
Iburg and "vVhelan occupied th© box.
pitching exceptional ball. Four hits each
were all the batters worked off on them,
and were it not for the glaring errors of
Brockhoff. who played at the third sta
tion, the tale would have had a different
denouement.
In the third inning Whelan scored and
In the fifth Moore, who went midway on
his course by a double, crossed the rub
ber. The sixth meant a run for the
Wasps, as did the eighth, and the score
was tied. It was chanced, however, in
the next Inning, when Stockton went to
the bat. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
V ?V AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brorkhoff. Sb 2 1 1 0 2 1 4
McCarthy, lb 4 1 1 0 1» 1 0
Krug. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hlldebrand. r. f 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Levy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, c 3 0 1 0 5 1 2
Peoples. 8. s 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Peeples. 8. n 4 0 0 0 2 B 0
Iburr. P » 0 0 J> J> J J>
Totals 31 1 ~4 "o »• 12 7
•One out when winnlne run was made.
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. c. f 4 0 114 0 0
Courtney. 2b 4-00110
Pace, c : 4 0 0 o*oo
McCarthy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Babbitt, s. s 3 110 13 0
Morrow, r. f 3 0 0 P 3 0 P
Ftre'.b. lb 3 0 0 0 12 0 1
Moore. 3b 3 1 2 1 0 1 1
Whelan. p 2 10 0 0 3 0
Totals S3 3 4 2 27 S 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 00000101 o—2
Base hits 00000211 o—4
Stockton 00101000 I—3
Base hits 00101010 I—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whelan I. T?ir*«-base
hit— Brockhofl. Two-base hit— Moore. Sacrifice
hit — Morrow. First ba*e on trrors — Stockton 3.
First base on called balls— Pan Francisco 3,
Stockton 2. Left on bases — Pan Franclcso *,
Stockton 5. Struck out— By Iburg 4. by Whelan
5. Double play— Peeples to Rellly to McCarthy.
Time of nine — 1 hour 25 minutes. Umpire —
Graves. Scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
Sacramento Defeats Oakland.
SACRAMENTO. April 22.— Swing's crip
ples were an easy mark for Hughes to
day, he having them completely at his
mercy from the start of the game to the
finish. He was touched for only three hits
and would have shut out the visitors ex
cept for an error picked up by Hanlon.
Score:
BACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughHn, 1. f 4 1 0 0 3 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 3 0 10 2 3 0
Kaftan. ¦. ¦ 4 10 0 3 t - 0
Stanley, o 1 I 0 0 S 0 0
Hughes, p 4 0 2 0 1 7 ;•
Shanahan. c f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Doyle, r. f 3 1 1 1 1 0 0
Hanlon. lb J 2.1 1 13 1 1
Stultz. 2b 4 0 3 2 0 2- •
Totals 31 « S 4 27 15 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SR PO. A. E.
Schmeer. s. ¦ 4 0 10 0 4 2
Hammond, c 3 0 0 0 H 2 0
Hutchinson. lb 3 0 0 0 5 10
Drennan. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Francks. 2b J.. 4 0 10 3 11
Dunleavy. r. i 4 110 0 0 0
Lancre. 3b 3 0 0 0 3 2 1
Mosklman, 1. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
B«vllle. p 3 0 0 0 0 19
Totals 30 1 1 0 24 U ~4
RUN'S AND HITS ET INNINGS.
Sacramento 21100101 •— «
Base hits 11101102 •— 8
Oakland 00000010 o—l
Base hits 00010010 I—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— BevllT* 3. Three-ba.«e
hit— Hughes. Two base hits— Stulti. Schmeer
Sacrifice hit— Han lon. First ba«e on errors-
Sacramento 2. First base on called balls—Sac
ramento 7. Oakland 3. Left on bases—Sacra
mento ». Oakland 6. Struck out— By Hughe* 2
by Seville ». Double play— Devereaux to Hani
lon. Time of game— l hour 35 minutes. Umpire
—Donovan. Scorer— G. A. Griffin.
drew out a goodly number of marksmen.
There was also some lively shooting for
the special annual prizes, although in this
only three men bettered their records. In
the bullseye shooting the best centers
were measured by machine. In the other
match three shots constituted a ticket.
Following are the results of both:
First. F. Brandt. 173; second, D. B. Faktor.
276; third. R. Finking. 342; fourth. D. SaJfleld.
430; fifth. H. StelUnfr. 472; sixth. F. Rust. 473;
seventh. H. Hellberg. WO; eighth. J. Oefkin.
£23: ninth. J. Utschig Sr.. 542; tenth.. N. Ahren*.
543; eleventh. F. P. Schuster. **«: Twelfth, L.
Bendel, 636: thirteenth. G. Schmder. 63C.
Special prizes, 25-rinir target— F. P. Schuster.
73. 72. 71. 70; V. B. Faktor. 71; H. Stelling. 72.
The first champion marksmen of the
Norddeutscher Krieger Verein were a
little "shy" yesterday, none coming to
the front heavy enough to make a scor
ing. The best shots in the several classes
and their scores in twenty shots on the
twenty-five ring target follow:
First champion class, not filled: second cham
pion class— H. Huber. 426 rings; first class— D.
ealneld. 401: second class, L. Brunne, 381; third
class— H. Huppert. 147; fourth class— W. Gotts
chalk. 327; be*t first shot— J D. Helfe 23; beat
last shot— D. Salneld, 23.
MENRT MOHR is the "klnp" of
the Deut(«cher Krieger Verein. The
[1 U Ehot which won this title and the
prize that goes with it was made
at 5:30 o'clock yesterday at Shell Mound
range, where the verein held its annual
eagle and king shoot. All day the marks
men fired at the wooden bird on the top of
the pole by the bay shore, bringing down
the inanimate fowl piece by piece.. When
the body was finally burst by a bullet
from Mohr's rifle there was a shout .and
a few minutes later Captain R. Frank in
troduced the new "king" to the marks
men and their families. King Mohr was
crowned and a wreath of flowers placed
over his shoulder. The new ruler did
the honors with becoming dignity and
grace. The winners of the prizes for the
several parts of the body shot away were
the following:
B<x!r flting). H. Mohr: crown, C. Wergen
rcann; scepter. K. Kohler; apple. X. Sllber
sahn: ring. G. Hetzel: head. J. Bender: neck.
M. Gerdes; rlg-ht wing. O. Dan-.mer; left wins.
Max Lengefefd: tall. F. Sanders: right and
left less (company prize).
In the regular shoot of the Golden Gate
Rifle and Pistol Club yesterday F. E.
Mason again covered himself with glory
by making a remarkable series of scores.
His forty consecutive shots in ten-shot
runs were 226, 225, 227. 226. E. Woenne also
did some good shooting, winning his silver
rifle medal. Annexed are the Golden
Gates' scores in the several events.
Busnnell trophy. 10 shots, 25-rlng target— F.
E Mason. 226. CS. 227. 226.
Trophies, nret class, 10 shots— C. M. Hender
son. 215, 214; A. B. Dorrell. 21S. 217, 220. Sec
ond class— J. Kullmann. US.
Club's gold medal. 10 shots, 25-rlnif target— C
M. Henderson. S3. 224. 210; A. B. Dorrell. 224.
Club's silver medal— J. Kullmann. IS2. 152: O.
Tammeyer, 1», 197. 203, 206. 179: J. F. Bridge*.
217 ZVO; E. Woenne. IS7, 214, ISS. 192, 187. ISS,
IS4. 192.
Pistol. 50 yards, trophies and medals, 10
shots, standard American tarxet— J. F. Bridges,
78, 72: C. M. H<m«*rson. 80, W. 86.
Revolver trophy— J. E. Gorman, S2, 93. 87,
90. SS.
H. Burfelnd won the first prize at the
San Francisco Schuetzen - Vereln'a bulls
eye contest. Annexed are the prize win
ners and their best centers, as shown by
the measuring machine:
First. H. Burfelnd. 170; second. L. Bendel.
226; third. F. Brandt. 340; fourth, F. P. Schus
ter. 554: fifth, A. Jungblut. 331; sixth. J. Beut
ler. 473; seventh. J. Utschig. 457; eighth. J.
Woebcke. 514; ninth.' J. de Wit. 521: tenth, H.
Zecher. HA; eleventh. H. Lllklndey, 670: twelfth.
R. Finking. 670; thirteenth. E. Stehn. 775; four
teenth, F. Koch. 757; fifteenth. W. Garms. 833;
*ixt«— nth. W. .Morken, £36; seventeenth F.
R&thjens. Ml; eighteenth, O. Lemcke. 9?);
nineteenth, F. Rust, 1011; twentieth, R. Stet
tin. 1094.
The regular bullseye contest for cash
prizes of the Germanla Schuetzen Club
Ir.? ra=» rrora PlZ'jsbnrg t->-iaT. The Ttalioia
t!ed the fans* Ja their half of the Ei=tS ani
only Headrlcks' misn:3cent catch k-yt th»:ri
frota •winsisif. Heslrlcks Bls^ei t= St. Lrats
half and ¦went to second oa Donovan's itacr!
flc». J.':Ca-r.> terrtfl'? liner to rlcht brocs-*-t
htzn la. . Attendance. 15.100. Score:
ClTib*— R. H. H.
Ft. Lnu!j « 15 S
Plttsburg 5 g X
Batteries— Powell a=d CCcasor; WaddelL
Flaherty. FMl!;pl aad Zinssaer. fespire—
Hurst.
CTXCTJfNATT. April TZ— TT!th oae oet in Cl«
ninth t;>-<!ay the localo struck a batt'.ss streak
and pulled a ram* out of th« fire that seeinM
hopelessly lost. Single* by Inrtn. Cra'irford
and Peltz. 'Woofis' double and ilcEritSVa alng!*
Hi th» trtck. Score:
Cluli— R. H. E.
Cincinnati T 13 4
Chicago ITS
Batteries— Ilahn and Peitz; Garrln aad ZXsao
hue. Umpire— O" Day.
American Association
CHICAGO. April 22.— Chicago 5. Milwaukee J.
KANSAS CITT, April Zi.— Kansas City t,
Mlnneapoltn S.
Kw!, R. E. Kltrtck. T. C Z+e. A. M. B=Mi^
cjr. Marka.
AeeoinmeKiatl'iTS — O. W« ErvJer. (ciiaJr-^a-X.
Thosr-a» P. P.»i::y. B. T. Bok — s-s. J. "X. jL»i
ley. W. H. Toland.
R^ceptlos. sr»r.t:er=«E— A, M. P=Uti
raau>. E. J. "sS"fcitia«r. C. Gra.r. E. i. Em,.-g.
T. J. Famaa.
Reception. laii»a— ifrs. A. T. jTnem, Mm Ci,
L. BlUa. ili»- G. "W. Brazen. Mra. A. H.
Bmitft. Mim anr.=!» Kuae!. M:m Carc'^s* B«i
tcn. lf!»» Katf,# Jiarks, ITlbj Gertr^e BmtXH
Mr». Frar.k Atklsp. Mrs. E. C. W>:t:=e. Mrs.
Gecrjre J. C&rr. Mrs. E. J. Hitch*::. M:»»
Gertreie G-ilistela, Mrs. T. B. B^eariaa. Mr*.
E. B. ¦vTzri.
PrintiSK— C E. Kt»el 'cha!rc:aa>. G. "^".
Braden. A. M. S=ltX VT. R. Grac*. E. 1^
Rutherford.
Er.t«rta.!r.r=er.t— G*onr» E. Ppri=f»r (:lia:r
ciai, O. W. Jasper. T. C. Lee. i. C O«s:<;«
F. C. T>a=fcrt- > i.
Hail— Max M».rk» 'cha!rrr.a=>. R. S. ITJrr!-k.
G. M. Sparks VT. H. HtSßf, J. E. RutSerfsri.
Tra.Csr>:rtat!ci) — Fr%sit A:.<:r.» <ci*lmaa). W.
D. Ruthertorf. T. J. Farruua. Sajs MirScs. T.
C. Le-.
Fratercal criers— R. f. Kirrick (c!^lrraar.>.
G. E. Srrlr.jr»r. F. C. I>a=fcrth. A. F. Ea»:. k ,
Georxe Slrana;.
General lmprrrv»=;e=t — E. C "WThltias; f-ia!-
nar.). O. W. Ja«per. G. "W. Erases. B. F.
Repi-ert. G. M. Sparks.
Parad* — Georxe J. Csrr (-hiirrr.ar), A. M.
Piclth. F. C. DBntetft, E. I. MUler. J. C Cs
jrood.
D*<?-3ra.t:c-s— H. \T. G^!lrte'.n (cha:r2»->,
Thcrr^s P. Rei::r. W. H. McCcavej, O. W.
Ja#p»r. A. E. Hctrar^.
Bas<ra«t— E. J. XXtebefl (cha'r=iar:\ B. ?.
Reppert. Wilifirn Kuehesaelstcr, J;ha Eeaa.
John Campl*:!.
Masi<>— 7. B. Reirian f=hairr;ar). F. C. r>ar
forth. C. K. B«lil=ff. D. E. Brutes. Tieo4:r»
Worth.
Dane-— E. 13. T7ar3 /rbairrrasi VT. r\ T">*t:«
W. A. "Ward. Gecrp* E. SchU:i-ff. E. I. ll::>r.
In new raiment of euramery hues, was pa«sin? the "g!ad hazi** ta htm local
brothers and the delegates from the oil belt. Billy Sharncn was or. hiz.i trir-t
and early. Judge Fletcher Cutler of Del Norte antj Judge McXoble cf H:oci^a
plied In and out among their many friends with th» "fist of e«"-2c3" ever work
ing. All were burdened with dresa suit cases, packj. valise*, etc 'Wnea ti.e7
boarded the boat there were a few cheers and the cry was "On to Orovtlle"'
nROVTLLE, April 2.-The Native
Sons have arrived and Oroville Is
as lively a town as oae could wish
I J to see. Everybody is settled com-
V — ' fortably somewhere and ample
room is ready for any more that may
come on this evening's train, and by to
morrow; on time and all ready, the Grand
Lodge will open its session.
The afternoon train from San Francisco
brought up a good two-thirds of the dele
gate* and their friends. There were close
to three hundred in the party. The re
ception committee, under the leadership of
its chairman, A. M. Smith, and several
members of the accommodation commit
tee, with its chairman, G. W. Braden,
went down the road on the 4 o'clock train
this morning and- met the visitors at
Woodland. While the reception committee
distributed lunches, the accommodation
committee assigned rooms, and when the
visitors left the train there were few who
had not been provided for.
The visitors were met at the train by the
local parlor. Argonaut No. S. wtth the
Oroville band. They were taken at once
to the headquarters, where volunteers
came forward to take them to their quar
ters. Most of the grand officers were
among the early ones, and they went
down to lock at the rTall and suggest the
best arrangements for the session. The
hall was built specially for this session,
or rather its building was the outgrowth
of the session, for the Natives are going
to use it frequently hereafter. It is a
brick building, the hall and its ante-rooms
occupying the entire second floor.
i The politics of the. session has not so far
made Itself prominent amone the dele-
I gates, nor will it until all have arrived
: and the Grand Parlor has organized. The
j lights already noted have come up with
! the delegates, but there is talk of a new
' one against Henry Martin. He has been
' grand treasurer so long it always looked
as if he owned the oftlce, but now there is
talk of Kahn of San Francisco running
; agair.st him. Cutler of Humboldt and Mc
: Noble of Stockton have each their warm
' adherents in their run for grand orator.
'. and there is also a small bcomiet for
: ll^serve of Los Angeles for the same
; place. It was reported that perhaps either
, Cutler or McKoble might withdraw, but
with a third man In the race it is beiived
: n<^ith*-r will do so. The light for grand
• trustees has brought forward several in
cipient booms that will develop later on.
; Seven grand trustees will be elected and
{ there are perhaps fourteen candidates, all
• willing. This evening tbe re was a band
¦ concert in Courthouse square. It was an
; Idea! night for such an affair and every
¦ body was out. There was v slight rain
j early this morning, and every one was
; worrying until the sun rose bright and
; clear. To-day was warm and pleasant.
I No sign of dark cloud? or rain and from
j the oldest inhabitant down every one is
'¦ predicting a week of beautiful weather.
! Should this be so nothing can stand in the
; way of a tremendous success for the ses-
I sion and the entertainment it will give
! rise to. The programme for the wee* is
i as follow?:
Monday. ADril S-10-.JO *. m.. Grand Parlor
I convenes' at N. B. G. W. Hall. Aft err aJJcurn-
I ment the de!esat<-5 will be entertained by I'x-ei
to Palermo and th* dredcer* or to
1 ThVrmalito. Ood Fellows' Home and the
'dredgers. 2 p. m.. concert by the band. S
I p in public reccrtian at Union Hall and the
1 delivery cf th» de»d and key which riv» the
I fr?edcm'of the town, by A. F. Jone*. P. O. P.;
l r»pSv by Hon. Frank Matt.son. jrranl pr^ident.
' N ? G W.; exhibition of 100 nereopticon
I views Illustrative of Butte'? mineral and airri-
I cvltural resource?, followed by a pyrotechnic
I exhibit 10 p. m.. th» Pa«t Presidents' Associa
tion will convene in K. c. G. W. Hall to inlti-
I ate all elieib!* candidates and to entertain vls-
I Itors around the caxzspSre.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
STANDING OF THE CLUES
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ) Clubs— WL. Pet.
Philadelphia. 3 0 lonoj Chicago 1 j m
Brooklyn .... 2 1 .e««jPittsbunc ... 1 2 *133
EU Louis 2 1 .CM 'New York.... l j
Cincinnati ..'J 1 .€66 |lostoa 0 2 *000
ST. LOUIS, April C— St. Louis won an 'exdt-
Pigeon Shooting. 'Ptiti Nnhn
D. ROBERTS, jlllill ullLUb
Wholesale and Retail i
Dealer In Live and, x wln contract to far.
Dressed Poultry and! a!s X t~? 2or S years,
Game. j any and all clubs.. Li <¦ t
OU4 If TOnw St. I price p«r tiizt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I w^l guarantee
JKrjStT^wjK tiat r=y Kl>!=jy Cur>
fl3^^***S&g3? cf til fonas of kidney
4&2^ *r?§ oOl2 P l *lat tzl l;
€? o,_ •*r*«P IC * :i y lastaaces tia
V 9 Sf 3&*¥?ti& most »*rious fonss of
V jffW Brlgh.fi disease. i;
\ /*J»s2j9^ tie disease la com-
JC ¦«• tMjijw plicated send a four-
vrt^^*satrJ»iW Ottuce Tlal of crtsc.
•ral^^gfcfcgS " VVe wEI aaalyze t:
W-I^*itaCSsar«W * a - advise jou txtv
s j I i»r wtat to do.
i * MCNTON.
At an drcCTista. 23e. • »Ul. On! Jet«e t« nealta
yV^TTHHHraI at«vV» { T +*, Js;v. Ar«-h it.. Phils.
HENRY MOHR IS THE
KRIEGER VEREIN KING
Pierces the Heart of the Wooden Fowl
at Shell Mound-Mason's Fine
Work.
Minor Baseball Games.
VACAVILLE. April 22.— The first game
of ball this season drew a big crowd. The
score was Sacramento 5. Vacavilie S. The
Good trunks, valise, dress suit cases
and traveling rolls. Immense assortment
at lowest prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. - *
San Francisco Club Bouts.
Alex Greggalns. matchmaker for the
San Francisco Athletic Club, has ar
ranged a special programme of eight four
round boxing bouts for Wednesday even
ing, May 2. The principals will be: Tom
Sears and Oscar Wilson: Gus Salsbury
and Jim Hopkins; Al White and young
N>i!l- Jack Wilson and Tom Trabucca:
George Curran and Kid McCormlck; Ed
Cor.klin and Billy Connolly: Joe Watson
and Rob Jones; Jim Hamilton and Emil
Henko.
NARCISSUS ADDS
TO WINNINGS OF
CURTIS' KENNELS
Defeats Rock Island King
for the Stake at Union
Park.
Curtis & Son's fawn and white grey
hound Narcissus justified the confidence
of mar.y bettors yesterday at Union
Coursing Park and added to the long list
cf winnings of the coursing firm from
San Jose. Th*» wise division played him
off the board in the long odds book, ap
parently figuring him the fastest dog in
the stake barring Luxor, his kennel mate,
whom be would not be called upon to
meet under the laws of coursing. Narcis
sus defeated Hurricane by a score of 3 to
2. Chicago Boy 4—o. Warship h—Z. Mose
7—3. He then ran a bye course with Cash
and qualified for the deciding course with
Rock Island King. He showed too much
class for the latter, which he defeated
handily by a score of 3 to 2.
The sensational course of the day was
between Warsaip and Narcissus", the
former being installed a 2Vj to V? favorite.
Narcissus led from the slips, but Warship
drew level before they had traveled far.
Narcissus scored the lirst turn by a nar
row margin, placing Warship, who se
cured two wrenebf-s and a ""trip." Narcis
kus then killed and won by a score of 5
tot
As a token that hares are running
¦trooser than they have been for pome
months, two cogs were withdrawn after
what are considered long courses at this
time of the year. Luxor injured his foot
in a minute coursp. and ratj^r than sus
tain permanent injury he wr.s withdrawn.
Wanda was the second to retire. She ran
one minute and thirty-nine seconds with
Wait a Little and was retired in the suc
ceeding round.
R. K. Malcom's English dog Fine Fire
was given another trial, {his time in a
bye course with For Glory. He scored
the first turn by a slight favor of the hare
and worked It cleverly until he had scored
seven points to For Glory's two. He then
drove the hare to her for the kill, giving
her four points in all. He gives promise
of becoming one of the great dogs of the
coast.
Overture showed lameness, presumably
from rheumatism, and was withdrawn.
Bad Boy ran two undecided courses
with Risky Attempt in the first round be
fore he finally won. In the next round he
met and defeated Crawford Lad. which
vcz.? installed a strong favorite at odds
of SS 1 * to i. Bad Bey went out in the next
round before Herschel's Pride. The latter
in turn was retired by Brutus after an un
decided course. This was one of the most
stubbornly contested courses of the day.
The results of the day's sport in detail.
with Judge John Grace's official scores,
follow:
G. W. Hrintr's Herschel's Pride- beat Aeneid
Kennels' Agamtmnon. 3—2: Curtis & Son's
Cash beat G. W. Htlntz's, Coquette, 6—l: R. E.
de B. Looez's Crawford Lad beat Pasha Ken
eels' May Hernpetead. fc— 1: ilaher & Reid's
Bad Boy beat D. Winder's. Risky Attempt,
4—o:4 — 0: F. A. McCcmb's One Spot beat J. Mar
tinet's Elirn. S-«; R. E. de B. Lopez's White
head beat Curtis & Son's Vulcan. 3—o:3 — 0: Curtis
& Son's Cavalier beat J. Horns Bcna Fide.
S— <j; J. P. Thritfs Brutus beat A. T. Leonard*
Mayflower. 5— C; F. A. McComb's Little Sister
beat Captain Tune's Greenhall. 7—5;7 — 5; W. Cream
er's Jesse Moore beat Curtis & Son's Old Glory.
4—3; Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island King beat
D. Winder* Random Aim. «— 2; P. J. Reilly's
Plouehboy b*at T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee.
7—5; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox beat R. Mc-
Cabe's Bcney Boy 7—l: J. T. Harrison's Hot
Haste beat A. T. Leonard's Lawrence, i—t; J.
Sh-ridan's Forest Kinp beat R. E. de B. Lo
pez's Dairy Maid. 5—2: J. Hurley's Shylock
Boy a bye. Lady Granard withdrawn; Russell.
Allen & W'.ison'» Chicago Boy beat J. Carroll's
Auckland. 7—2: Curtis &. Son's Narcissus beat
J. Hurley's Hurricane. 3—2: Curtis & Son's
Luxor beat J. Sheridan's Forest Queen. 12—5;
P. J. Reiliys Warship beat G. Shartnan's Walt
a Bit, 3—o:3 — 0: Sterl & Knowles." For Glory a bye.
Overture withdrawn: Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Spiteful beat Gus AbercrombJe's Rock Island
Boy. ;— 2; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat T. Sulli
van's Castle Island Boy. C—l;C — I; R. E. de. B. Lo
pez's Wanda beat G. Sharman'a Walt a Little,
17—7.
Second round— Hensehel's Pride beat Cash. S
—4: Bad Boy beat Crawford Lad. 4—3; White
head beat Oae Spot. J-2; Brutus beat Cavalier,
FLORA McDONALD
WINS CLEVERLY
FROM CONNEMARA
Captures First and Third
Courses From the
Veteran.
Flora McDonald clearly demonstrated
fcer superiority over Connerr.ara yesterday
by winning the first and third courses of
their match for a purse cf $350 in clever
style at Ingieside Coursing I'a.rk. The
*p*e3y gre: hounds gave a splendid exhi
bition, which was thoroughly enjoyed by
the crowd present-
Old Conn* siara, on accoun^of bis many
victories, has aiways had the crowd's
ennpatr.y and its money aa well. In yes
terday's event h*» sold favorite in every
course. Even after Flora's decided win
In the first heat his backers continued to
give odds on his chances.
la the first heat the dogs were flipped
to a good "jack" which was started to a
straight f.e'.d. Flora was unsighted, but
»oon joined in. beating Cor.neroara out
with a score ol 10 to 4. The hare escaped.
In the second course Dean's dog Jumped
out in front, holding the lead to the hare
about a length. taKing the turn Just as
Flora rearht-d for the hare. Connemara
followed the hare cut and made a bril
liant kT.I. score 4-4.
A lively hare was turned loose in tne
la«t course. Flora led and kl!!«-d after a
f*w exchar.jreK. score 4-2. Time, 34 sec
onds. Counting men <s<wlarf-d the match a
great exhibition and «iti*fa.ctori:y de
cided.
Golden Rule won the open stake and
proved herself a eor*J or.c. Every courj-*
proved a hard on* for the O'Sbea hound.
but were ail captured in good style. Nigfct
Tim*, tbe runr.er tip. also had a hard cay,
no soft thlrg marking his score.
Ten «hort-*nd*-r« at good odds lan^wi
the mosey <Jurtr.gr th» cay and in every
event after good coursing devoid of flukes.
Tbe taiert was at t*-h. in most of these
course*, the odds offered being false, as
the results showed. >I:es Penman. Won
der and Eleven Spot ehowed in good
form. }.«•.:.!-*: weJl corn on the card.
Following are the day's result*, with
Judge P. J. Re'.l'y's ofSciai scores:
Ojxn rj.k« — Firrt tie: O'£hea Bt».' Golden
Ku> b**t J. WcEr.ro*"* Admiral Sampson,
4— «: J. Dear.'B Sweet L'.jf b*at R. L- Tayicr«
Rowdy Boy. i— o: H. A. Deckel:r.afl - « Rocker
beet D. £hauncn'« Safeiruard, 14—1; Lowe A
Thoc-.roon' ¦ £t. Oran beat E. M. KeUn^g ¦
B*r/« Babe. 4— <•; P. SI. Clark«on f * Flcwer cf
Gold best J. I. O'Briens Pasha. Qa^en. t — 6;
. J. Byrnes' Eleven Ppct beat 1). TobUs«l'i> Pleas
act Girl. I—2; D. Dillont Dewdrrp beat J. I.
CErlen'B gtatetman. 4— «: H.t*-:. A!>n &
Wliecn'* B«I!e Claire be»t Curti* Se Sans. L"cho,
t-t; E. 11. Keller*'* Kid MeCcy beat S. Has
mi L. S=. Cor.!ey. «— <: J. R. Smlth'* Petro
tijui beat J. Byrne** Olympus. Z — i: K. M. Kel
loru'e lowa Boy bett J. McNeil's Black Hawk.
«-I; M. J. X*!:>-« Nlrht Time beat Bartele
Bro*.' Barm Biood. 7-!; R. V. de B. Lopex &
Fen'» Wonder beat Lowe tt Thompson's Bag
pipe. S— C: R. K. fie B. ls>r<*z * Son* Minn'e
»vi beat J. CSm^nds* Go On. 3—2; H. Lynch*
Lottie SI. best R. E. de U. Loi>ez & Son*
tnablo. 4—2; J. Mooney's F.lent Trt-ajture beat
P. M Clarfc*on'« G&lden Garter, l^— 7; T. Tier
ney** Tea Ro*e beat I»we & Thomp*cn't L!tt;e
Fullerton. 4—5: Ru«c*!t. Allen & WdMaTa Miss
Penrr.an beat Curtis & Ron's Terror.lte. 3—2;3 — 2; J.
R. Smith's Victor Queen best Curtis & Bnn'%
Fhadow. ?— (•: Bart'ls Hros.' Beer Brewer beat
Jo* Perry* Commndore Nash. 4—o.
Pecind t!e» — Gc!o>n Rule beat Pweet Lip*.
10— 2; RocVrr beat St. Oran, i— i; Eleven fj»t
beat Flower of God. 6—l; Belle Claire beat
Pewdror-. 3^—4; Petronlus beat Kid McCoy.
«— 0: Nieht Time r--*at lowa Boy. J— l; Wonder
beat Lottie M. 11— S: Silent Treasure beat Mln
r.iewawa, 2—o; Miss Penman »><-at Tt-a Rase.
f— <t; Beer Brewer be*t Victor Queen. 6—o.
Third tie— Golden Rrle be««t Rocker. € — ?•
Ele\-en Pprt beat Belle Claire. J— 2: NUrbt Time
beat Petronlus,. 7—2; Wonder beat Silent Treas-
KT+. R— 2: Miss Penman beat B**r Brewer. 3— 2.
Fourth tl» — Go!<sen Rule b^at niev^n Ppot.
4—2: Nlrht Time t^at Wonder. 6—2; Miss Pen
man ran » bye.
Fifth tie— Golden Rul» b-at Miss Penman.
S— ?: Nirht Time ran a bye.
Final— Golden Rule beat Nirht Time. 24—2.
Match race— First heat: Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald beat James Dean's Connetr.ara,
Ift-4. ¦
Seccnil heat— Connemara. beat Flora. McDon
sUa. 4-fl.
Derdfiinr h«*t— Flora McDoaaia beat Ccnne-
f. 2; Kittle Si«er beat Jewe Moore. 4—6;4 — 6; Rock
Inland King beat PioUFhboy. 6—3; Hot Haste
beat Flyln* Fox. 4—o; Forest King beat Shy
lock Boy. 3—l: Narcissus beat Chicago Boy. 4
— 0: WareMn a bye, Luxor withdrawn; Spite
ful beat For Glory. 4—3; Mcse a bye. Wanda
withdrawn.
Third round— Hersebel's Pride beat Bad Bey.
4—o- Brutu* beat Whltehead. 3—2; Rock Island
Boy beat Little Sister. 2— 4: Hnt Ha«te beat
Forest Klrer. IT — 8; Narcissus beat Warship. 5
-3: Mw beat Spiteful. 6—5.
Fourth round— Brutus beat Hershe! # c Pride.
3—2; Rock Island Kins beat Hot Haste. s—o;
Narciffus bent M^e. T— 3.
Fifth round— Reck Island Kin^ beat Brutus.
T — f>; Narc!?FU« a bye.
Final— Narcissus beat Rock Island King-. 5—2.
Vaeaville team promises to be the best
amateur nine in the State. The directors
are strengthening the team with picked
men. It Is proposed to arrange a series
of games with the winners of the State
fmateur championship at the end of the
se-ason.
COLUSA. April 22.-Lash's Bitters base
ball team of San Francisco defeated Co
lusa to-day by a score of 6 to 5.
VISALIA. April 22.— 1n the A alley
League baseball jrame to-day, the score
was: Hanford 2. Visalia 0.
STOCKTON WINS
TWO GAMES OUT
OF THE SERIES
Local Men Take the After
noon Match at Recrea
tion Grounds,
Good Baseball Marks the Last Two
Contests Between Slough City
Stick Wielders and the
Wasps.
San Francisco 4, Stockton 2.
Mr. Graves' eyes were full of dust yes
terday afternoon that quite shut out the
line of the ball as It did or did not pass
fiver the plate at the Recreation Grounds.
His decisions were streaked with errors,
though the game in no way depended upon
hls'poor decisions.
Fireman Fits pitched immaculate ball
for seven out of the nine Innings. It was
In the seventh that his curves were un
raveled by the farmer stickmen who put
a figure on the board against Stockton's
name. The local team had. already scored
four runs at the time, enough to win the
game, and Fltz allowed no other hits.
Harper was touched only six times, but
he received poor support from his men.
The third inning registered a brace of
runs for the local team. Peeples earned
first by an honest hit and coursed the
four bags when Fltzpatrick rolled out a
double. The fireman stepped over the
rubber on a passed ball by Pace.
Schwartz hit a three bagger In the fourth
and walked home on Reilly's single. The
last run of the Wasps was made in the
sixth, when Schwartz again crossed the
plate.-
In the seventh Inning the game livened
up a bit. Pace singled and skirted the
cushions *n third on Babbitt's hit.- the lat
ter taking third on the throw in. Then
Morrow took a constitutional and the
bags were crowded.
Something had to happen to ease the
fans. It came in the way of a long drive
to center from Streib's bat. Pace and
Babbitt scoring. One .farmer had been
laid to rest at this time and the team
was retired when Moore shot a liner to
Levy, who doubled Morrow at second.
The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 3 b 4 0 10 12 0
McCarthy. 1 b 5 0 0 0 13 0 0
Krug-, c. f & 0 1 0 2 0 0
Hlldebrand. r. f 3 0 0 0 3.0 0
Levy. I. f 4 0 0 0 4 10
Schwartz, c 4 2 112 11
Rellly. 2 b 4 0 1116 0
Peeple*. ». s 3 112 12 1
Fltzpatrick. p 3 I*l 0 0 - 4 0
Totals 35 4 6 4 27 15 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. c. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Courtney. 2 b 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
Pace, c X 1 1 1 4 2 0
McCarthy. 1. 1 4 0 0 0 10 0
Babbitt, s. s 4 110 13 1
Morrow, r. 1 3 0 0 0 10 0
Strelb. 1 b 3 0 1 0 11 0 1
Moore, 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 1.1
Harper, p :... 2 0 0 10 3 1
Totals ....31 2 4 2 27 12 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 2 10 10 0 o—4
Base hits 1 0 2 110 0 1 0— «
Stockton .; 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 o—2
Bue hits 0 0 0 0 0 13 0 o—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fltzpatrick 2, Harper 1.
Three-base hit— Schwartz. Two-base
KniK. Fltzpatrick. -¦ First base on errors— San
Francisco 3, Stockton 2. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 4. Stockton 2. Left on
bases— San Francisco 7. Stockton 4. Struck
out— By Fltrpatrlck 4, by Harper 5. Double
play— Levy to Rellly to Peeples. Passed balls
Pace 2. Time of game — One hour and 50 min
utes. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer— J«. W.
Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
Stockton 3, San Frandsco 2.
The small crowd of fans that gathered
on the bleachers of thn Oakland' baseball
Kiss Josephine Bader.
OOKOVILLE. April ZZ.— Miss Josephiro Bader. who has been elected Queen
cf the OarrJval, is the btlle of Cherckee.anold mining town twelve miles
from OroviHe. She Is a tal^ stately blonde, an ideal queen in face and
f.rur* and her popularity needed r.ot the p-roof of her election.
There were seven candidates for the honor, but Miss Bader easily
Cistanced them all. She won by £jOO out of the 1O.(«» votes cast.
Miss Bader was born in Cherokee, where her people have lived for years,
and her election as que*n has been received with satisfaction on all sides. Her
hig-h cfSce will be exercised next Friday, when for the day she will rule Oro
vllle and all Its loyal inhabitants. Her maids of honor will b<? Miss Mildred
Martin. Miss Gertrude McSmith, Miss Libble Marks end Miss Viola Evans.
Tuesday. April 34— Grand Parlor convenes in
N. S. G. W. Hall in the morninc. 2 p. m..
concert by the band: excursions as on previous
days. 3 p. in., football game between teams
frr.m llarysville and Oroville at Recreation
Park. 7 p. m.. parade of Curly Bears. Coyote?.
Argonauts and Hvrudgeons. £ p. m.. initiation
into the Coyotes. 11 p. m.. initiation Into the
Argonauts.
'Wednesday. April l^Grar.ii Parlor convenes
In N. S. G. W. Hall in the ir.crrJrc?. 2 p. m..
balloon acsension and r>araehute drop by Pro
terK* Thomas Godfrey. 3 p. m.. concert by
the band: excursion* as on previous days; two
fames of the baseball tournament. 9 p. in..
4'< dr^.cf at N. P. G. W". Hall: erand ball at
Unlcn Hall (one ticket will admit to both par
tie-).
Thursday. April J6— Grand Parlrr convenes in
the merninir. 2 p. m.. parade cf miners, hnr
ticulturali«t«. civic societies, citizen?, etc:
championship gem- of the baseball tournament:
races, ramw. contests, etc. 9 p. m.. banquet
for Native Son« In N. 8. G. W. Hall. Joe D.
Frldav. Ar>rll tl— Orand Partrvr convenes in
N. S. G. W. Ha.l In the morninsr. 1:30 v. m..
China ho«e race. 2 p. m.. concert by the band.
3:CO p m.. hlKh-irire performance by Prcfe«srir
T. J. Godfrey. 3 p. m.. rock drill confft.
Afternoon and evening. Mardl Gras flower
battle, parade, etc. JO p. m., brilliant closing
display cf firework?.
Spurred on by the offer of numerous
prizes, the people of the town are vying
with each other in the wealth and variety
of their decorations. Three arches span
the principal streets. First the Pioneer
arch, a span of evergreens with the
"Pioneer" outlined in electric lights,
reaches across Myers street and under
this the delegates coming from the sta
tion all passed. Then across Montgom-
cry street, opposite the United States
Hotel, is the Patriotic arch, decorated
with the red, white and blue and studded
with lights, and farther up Montgomery
street, opposite the new Convention Hall,
Is the Native Sons' arch, built In imita
tion of a solid pile of granite and lined
with lights. Down Myers street and
along Montgomery, between the two
arches, strings of lights strung across
the streets add luster to the scene.
The color scheme of the house decora
tions, besides the three colors of the flag.
is olive and gold, the olive for the olive
and the gold for the oranpe. the two
fruits tnat have so materially helped to
make Oroville what she is. Everything
Is decorated from the sidewalk line
almost to the roof. And the business
houses are not alone in their display. All
through the side streets the houses show
the festive colors and the whole town
seems bound to deck itself In its pret
tiest. It certainly has succeeded marvel
ously well.
The success of the celebration will un
doubtedly be due to one thing— the will
ingness of the people to pull together to
make of every phase of the occasion an
assured success. The schools have been
closed for the week.
The accommodations committee has se
cured every vacant room in town and as
soon as a stranger comes along he is
turned over to G. W. Braden. the chair
man, who fits him out with a place where
he can be comfortable. Strangers ax«
stopped on the street and asked if they
have been provided for and members of
the committee are ready to meet ever 7
stage that comes in.
Major A. F. Jones, chairman of the com
mittee on arrangements, has given up his
office as a headquarters for the local par
lor and he spends his time on the street
"seeing to thlners." He 13 a walking en
cyclopedia of celebration knowledge and
no one thinks of passing him without
seme question.
Even the Chinese have caught the fes
tive spirit and they are eager to help out.
They will narade in the- street procession
with a big float of peculiar design. For
a long time they sought for a suitable
legend for their float and finally they did.
as every one else does — they asked Major
Jones. He thought awhile and finally,
in a moment of inspiration. h» wrote them
one. They accepted it gravely and this
•sentiment appears, blazoned In letter? of
>rold. "We Left Our Happy Home For
Th<> committees In charge of the cele
bration are as follows:
Executive ccrr.mtttee— A. F. Jones. P. O. P..
chairman; Ooree E. Springer, secretary ; C L.
Bill". O. W. Bra/iea. Frar.k Atkins, A. M.
Frr.itfc C E. Kueel Max Marks. R. P. K'.T
rick. E C. Whitln*. Ooire J. Carr. H. W.
Ooi<i«tein E. J. Mitchell. T. B. Reardan. E.
D. Ward.
SUBORDINATE COMMITTEES.
Finance— C. L. Bills, chairman. BusJnew
men— F.. W. Fcgr. J. M. McClnnjr. A. Etaan.
Eben Boa'.t. 'W. P. Lynch. Native Sons— C. E.
Impressionistic Sketches of the Departure Caught by Cartoonist Warren.
f ¦ \HE asphalt and cement pavements about the ferry depot were thick with
| Native Sons yesterday morning. From the southern part of the State
I and the San Joaquin Valley the delegates met the local representatives.
I and for a half-hour before the time of departure there was a general re
-*¦ ception. The San Francisco delegation was well represented by all the
prominent and active members of the organization. Frank Mattison, decked
SAN FRANCISCO'S DELEGATES DEPART
FOR THE SCENE OF THE CELEBRATION
NATIVE SONS OF THE GOLDEN WEST DESCEND ON THE PEOPLE OF OROVILLE
THE SA3T FBA2TCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APBIL 23, 1900.
QUEEN JOSEPHINE WILL
RULE THE CARNIVAL
| DR. MEYERS & CO. j
SPECIALISTS— E»UMUh«d t- »r!j 3D jtxrt.
Cure the Following Ailments :
Private Diseases Lest Manhcod
Varicocele Nervous Deb'.'tty
\ Hydroeele L<-«<» of M-rsory
Bladder Disease* Wajtirsg Drains
• Kidney Diseases P>er'.e«s2e»«
Spine Diseases Bleed Poison
Despondency Rsptsra
Adviea and Cc:sultatica Frw.
OUR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE
Patients may d»rcsit the rrlc« cf a
cure In any San Kranci?ccv bank, ta be
paid enly »rt»r they are well, or n-.ay
pay In monthly lr.sta~rr.ents- No ether
doctors will make such an offer.
i NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN, j
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
If you cannot vis'.t San Francisco
• write for free rrivat? N>ok. advlc*.
question list ar.d fall r-anicu'.ara.
731 Market St.. S. F.
HOms- Daily. 8 t> 5: Evening. 7
to S: Sundays, » ta 11. Elevatrr En-
trance-.
"?"?!!!!! - FR l g - TQ - PATIENTS! -
6
KING MOHR OF THE KRIE
GERS.jf "V Dr. Gibbon's Dispecsary,
Jrtsjtf^i^^ *' — '" U *•-•»*>* «. £stabitshe<l
ftj'- f*^-J.^ In lH.i t r;rt.i? trentmeai rt Private
PH iii^.fi'fi Minis»-s. !>>*' *Ij.i!.i«Ht lability or
fcr^2T*»4'«k '''•'*'' a *^^ car!n<:o;i '-••'- v a 3: !-iiii)d»n 1
>»!tlnDiteas«^ l'be doctor ct;r?s-.Th»u
IS>wfiwvl ¦'iherstHlL Try hizxx. C&a.-?*» tow.
r-q2Slifw»j2 <'»n-tiiitr»nirfJ. Cal:orwri:«.
Dr. a. *•- «- I liisor.. Bex 1957. Saa i'raactaca
Injured by a Garbage Wagon.
Jarn«?s Harries, a conductor on the San
Frar.clsco and San Mateo electric rail
road, wai scrdiously injured on Saturday
fvcrAng by being on the head Dy
& earbape wagon. Harries leaned over the
Floe of the car as the wagon was passing
and his pkuli was fractured. He was
to St. lake's Hospital, where
I>r. VT. C. Bai!ey treated him for his in
juries. .It was thoupht for gome time that
his Injuries would prove fata!, but under
tsedira! skill he recovered sufficiently to
be removed to his home. He was much
Improved yesterday.
TOYO KISJN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COlt-
ner First and Brannan street*, t p. tn..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, catling at
Kobe «Hiuiro). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honskcng irith Jteamers (or In-
dia, etc. No car£o received on board en day
of salllnsr.
SS. NIPPON MARi:
Wednesday. April i;th. 1500
SS. AMERICA, MARU
. { Saturday. May 13th. 15C0
SS. HONGKONG MARU
." Thtircday. June 14th. 19C0
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelf-ht and passajre apply at company's ornce.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General A cent.
CCXPA3MIB tEKEEJ»LE TRISEATLAXTIQ.C3
niP-ECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thur?ilay Instead of \/Z% '?, vs
Saturday, frcm November I. l\M. at * -
10 a. m.. frc-m Pier 4S. North River, foot of
Mortrn St.. LA TOCRAINK. April 2S; V.\
BRETACSK May 3: LA CHAMPAGNE. l«a>
10; LA GAPCOON". ilay K. First-class t>
Havre. «M and upward: J per cent reduction on
round trio. Second class to Havre, lii; » per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR TNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 31 Rrcanway I Hudson bulMinar). • NVvr
York. J. F. FT'GAZI &. CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents, S Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry. Foot of :iar"«.et St.
SAN FP.ANCIaCO TO SAN RATAEU
WEEK DAY:»— 7:3O. 9:iA>. 11:C> a. m. : SA
J:J3. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thur»«Jayj — Extra trip
at 11:30 n. m. Saturdays— Extra tr:s» at Ui»
ar 1 11:21 p. m.
SU.NDAYS-s:i<;. 5:23. 11:» a. m. : 1:33. 3:33.
5:' W. t:'J> p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <:ia. 7:50. ¦).?>. 11:10 a. la. ; 13:43.
3:*Q, i:I3 p. m. Saturday*— utu trips at
1:5 and t.ij o. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO. »:«. 11:19 a. in.: 1:40. 1:40.
Ift C2Z p. m.
Between San Francisco a-d Sctaetxen Paris
¦aine ecbe<lu:e as abeve.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Pan Francisco. (Apr. 15. IMM.I s?an Fraccisco.
Week I Sun- I ! Sun- j WeeJe
Days. ! days. I Destination. l days. 1 I>ays-
7:i> am! 8:00 »mj Norato. i!0:4O tn| »:4O am
1:30 pir.j *:3."> am! Petaluma. '. "1r.:1 V. sm
8:1J pm' S:00 pmi Far.ta Hoaa.! T:J3 pm «:» pm
FuUcn.
7:33 as Windsor. 1.0:3 aza
Hea!d.<bur».
Lrtton.
Geyjervi!!*.
I:3f) rm *:M ami Cliveriaie. 7:33 fk»' *¦?) rra
7:*) am! Hop!and I !l»:J3 am
«:3i) pm' S:00 am! and Ukiah. i 7:53 vm «:20 pm,
1 3.. an?. :., 2j am
1 3:00 am Guemevllle. l 7:C pmi
JSOpm- I I €:M prn
T. 30 am' S:CO am[ Sonoma I 9:li ami &:•»» ani
and I
t:l3 pmi 5:00 pnat Glen Kl'en. f «:53 pmi *:S) pn
7:30 nmt 8:<?0 am) 00:40 anvlQ:2j an\
3:30 rm! S:CO rm! Sebastrpol. I 7.J3 pmi i:D pta
Etaces connect at Santa Rpea for Mirk W-utt
Fprtr.t?s and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
fcr Altruna: at Lvttrn Tor Lyttcn Sprinrs: at
Geyseriille for - k ieea Pprlr.cs: at Cloven}:*:*
fcr the Oevsers: at Hoalan.l f.^r Dr:n-aa
Sprints. Highland Ppr'ncs. K»',»eyvi!!e. CarL«-
bai Pprinss. S^c!a Pay. Lakeport and F.art!ett
Fprinir«: at U>!ah for Vichy Springs. Sjr»t"K»
Frrinr". P!ue Lakes. Laurel D*'* Tj»ke. Wi't^r
Pprins^. I'pper Lake. Porno. Potter V'a!l»y.
John Day'a. Rlv»r«lde. Lierley's. r-acsc=jU*s.
flanhe^rin rieijhts. n-jin- 4.!'.?.4 .!'.?. Orr*s Hrt
Sprlne*. Jfsnd^'-'n.-i City. Fort Krajr^. W?st-
port. I'sal. Wiliits. Lartcnville. Cummins.
Bell> Spnacs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
an<l Fur»ka.
Pati:rsi:«y to Monday round trio tickets at
rMuce-1 rates.
On Suminy pn'irrd trip tickets to all potnts
bey.-ml Fan Raf-»»! ot h*!f rates.
Ticker "*?»<—. <rj Market St.. r»Ton!rl» MJe.
H. C. WHITIXQ. R. X. T.TAN.
General \larai:er. Gen. Pass. A rent.
California Limited
Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This is the qnickest running an 3 mos*
luxurious train across tbe continent ¦
COSXECTi.NCi T»AI^ LEAVES SaS f *.i N.: >COI
.* PH. Monday. Wednesday. Fridaj- and
sitsrday. arriving in Chicago st 2: IS
P.H in time to connect with all United
trains for New York.
OVERLAND teavw San Fraaci*c« at 5:30
FVpngcc p. in. wi:h Palace acd Tourist
i . ii v C3in ior Kar«as Citj, St. Lotta,
DAILY CUicajo and East-
Local trains Vtween Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tnlaxa art*n
and Baierstield. ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Frarcisco office. 633
'FDlSrfi inflN Market Street. PhfueMaiu
. K.3CU 153 ,. oafc^aj, n,3 Broad-
way; Sacraajen-o.SCI J Street; Saa Joac," West
Sasu Clara. Street.
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAI9
SCENIC r.AILWAY-Commeaclns Sunday.
April i 2. IX'J. vU Sausalttu Ferry. We*!c
da>«— Leave fan Francisco. »:!> a. m.. L.li D.
tn. Funriars— Leave San Francisco, s a. m..
* a. m.. 10 a, m.. 11 a. m.. 1:30 p. m.. 2:3»
p. m. Ticket* can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ferry, nrrth end of Uni-.n Ferry Depot,
foot of Market at.. San Frarris-o. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco. Jl *>.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMERICAN LINE.
FXW TOSK. 80CT3AJIPT05. LOSDOS. P1313l
Ptopplr.ir at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 15 a. m.
St. Paul April Z>\ St. Paul May H
St. Louis May ;• St. Louis Miy iT
New York May 3. New York May JO
RLD STA=^ LINE.
K '»vJ Yort< crjd Antvv«»-»
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Anrll 23'Southwark Marl*
Nc<irdlsrd May £¦ Westemland May 23
Frleslarvl May 9 Ker.slnston May X'
tAIP.rU Li.Nc
S. S. Ohio. frr>m San Frar.cisco. Mar n ,- • 1
from Seattle. May 24. to Nome and St. Michael '
Subsequent *a!l!ne-s Jane 30. July Si. Aujrust 3d !
First and second cl.iss pas.->a^». No stc-ra<«
For full Information resardlng freight a*:d •
passage «"ijy to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
20 Montgomery 'st.. or any of its a«»nts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA N3RTnWEST£2N RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
NEILL COMPANY
ACTS SMOOTHLY
"Captain Lettarblair" Is a clean, bright
«Lnd healthy play, cleverly constructed
and Talriy full of humor and action. The
paxt of Lettarblair is almost wealthy with
adroit lines which, although they are fre
quently reminiscent, are not the less tak
ing. Mr. Nelll plays it tellingly, with a
judicious mingling of reserve and freedom
that impresses one with his intelligence.
This very indulgence seems to perme
ate the whole performance, which is care
ful in every detail without beir.g either
sensationally brilliant or fatiguingly
dull. The t.isemo*e is symmetrical, and
there is evidence In the work of every
member oi the cast the Influence of a con
trolling spirit which directs, suggests and
ccntrois. It Is undoubtedly Mr. Seill who
e.cts most of the other parts, as well as
his own. and the result of hi* sane and
sincere efforts Is a most gratifying
smoothness in all the minor morals of
etagecrart.
Ine coTEpar.y is making friends and will
probably make money auring its engage
mtr.t. ior the work of Mr. Nelll and nis
players is so good that It is sure to in
duce those who have seen htm and heard
mem once to go again.
Comment on the various members of
the cast would simply mean a general
eoxnmendaUoa for ail those memoera of
the cast who are given parts of which
there la anything to be made. Julia Dean
ar.d George Bioomquegt have not euca
parts. Lut some of tne others axe so well
cone that they are quite convincing. The
fcm'.;.hers of John Burton and the jorkins
of Hmm«?tt Shackelford axe particularly
well carried. Miss Chapman makes a
£o«_'d deal of h*r part and acts wita a
ueaj&ns naturalness.
PORTER GARNETT.
Ward ar.d Vckes will open in "The
T'.-jot Walkers" at the Columbia this
evening. They are supported by & large
company, including Lucy Daley.
The Seill Company w'.Ji give "Captain
2-etta.rblajr" for the current week at tne
CallXorsia, with a special matinee on
Thursday afternoon, when "Captain
fcwift" will fc* tne bill.
Petsehrukoff and Htmbourg will be
h<-ar<l again at trie California on Friday
tfterr.oon. at 3:15 o'clock, on which occa
cloa Messrs. Hambourg and Lachaume
will play "The Danse Macabre" on two
plar.os.
"Quo Vafils" will continue Its run at the
Alcazar ur.tll further notice. "Sue" is in
preparation. <
The Tivoil has a run of "The Wizard of
the Nils" weli started. The production
is ar.d will be a popular one.
"An Arabian Oirl" will be continued.
¦with the addition of some new sor.gs. one
of which, called "Clanne," has been ex
pressly competed by Lee Johnson.
Digby Bell is the top-liner at the Or
pheum this week; the Hopkins Trans
oceanic specialists are still retained. Ray
erd Brosche. Mile, Proto and Mildred
6to!!w are new.
"Traviata " is the new bill at Fischer's.
The third act of this popular opera will
be glv*--n :n addition to the usual musical
programme.
The L>av«Tport sisters: Evans and Malt
land, comf-diar.s. and Alice Raymond, cor-
Detist. nave been added to the bill at The
Chutes.
COUNT LAUTERAC ARRESTED
ON CHARGE OF FORGERY
GERMANY OFFERS NO
HOPE TO THE BOERS
French Nobleman Apprehended by
Detectives at Auditorium Hotel
in Chicago.
CHICAGO. April 22.— Comte de Coulouse
Lauterac was arrested tc-day at the Audi
torium Hotel on a charge of foreery. It
is charged that the Count visited Quebec,
Canada, two weeks ago and forged pa
pers to secure mor.ey.
The amount of the p.llegcd forgery 13
not given, but It is said to be large. To
day a detective, who has been tracing
Lauterac. saw him enter the hotel and
ask for his mall. At the detective's re
quest the police arrested the Count and
took him to the Harrison-street Police
Station, where he was locked up.
The Countess Lauterac Is said to be the
daughter of the Countess de Intreville,
one of the wealthiest women In Paris.
She was with her husband when he was
arrested and broke down wnen sne real
ized what was taking place. She return
ed to the house of friends In this city.
I^auterac is a Frenchman. His mar
riage occurred in Paris eight months ago.
The Count Is about -13 years of age. He
Is a handsome man and dresses well. His
wife is only 20 years old and speaks noth
ing but French.
••Why should I obtain money t>y for
gery," said he. "when my motr:;r-in-law
has twenty-two houses In Paris and Is
worth o.C«JO.OO>) francs? It is preposterous
and nonsensical. It is a disgrace to me
and an outrage on my wife and her family.
I don't believe that the a^ice of this city
have any right to arrest me and incar
cerate me In a police station just because
some man points me out and says that I
am wanted In Quebec. I will see that I
have my rights as an American citizen
and a resident of Chicago."
Bernhardt to Tour America.
PAIUS, April 23.— M. Coquelin and Mme.
Bernhardt Intend making an American
tour after the Paris Exposition with
"Cyrano de Bergerac" and "L'Alglon."
both appearing in both plays.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
STOCKTON. April 22.— Joseph Vanusen.
a brakeman. who fell off the pilot of an
engine at Tracy late nast night and was
terribly mangled, died at St. Joseph's Hos
pital at Stockton early this morning. He
was about 35 years old.
Milos Released
SEATTLE. April 22.— The German tramp
steamer Milos. which was delayed at Vic
toria several days because of alleged vio
lations of the customs laws, arrived in
port to-night with 230 Japanese imml
rrrnnts.
BERLIN. April 22.-The semi-official
Berliner Post publishes an Inspired arti
cle. In which It is said that the sentiment
regarding the Boers still remains friendly
throuehout German", but that the Gov
ernment sees no reason why the Boer
peace delegation should come to Berlin,
since no good could be gained from such
a visit. Germany being unable to render
the slightest service, either in friendly of
fices to both sides or in intermediation, bo
long as Great Britain remains determined
to reject both.
North Star Safe.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 22.— The steam
er North Star, which ran ashore on Trial
Island on Friday night, was safely floated
with the assistance of the. tug Princess
Louise last night. Her keel was slightly
damaged and the rudder dislocated. The
North Star is now in this port, where she
will make the necessary repairs.
m — *
New Gold Field Found.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 22.— Australian
advices chronicle the discovery of rich
placer ground at Wedderburn, Victoria.
John Boyd. the first man to stake ground,
unearthed a sixty-one ounce r.ugget at two
feet depth. •
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
¦fro Si I r.»>..--J-r.r. *! Htxkit V.rif. ($H ))—
•7l» »0O ll:0t)».w. 11:53 *2.C3 JJ:23
•i:C3 ti-ca •!.:3r.».
rro-a auc - r .;. i: -..]«.» — •'. ra 9.00 13.c0*.m.
t:::3 tea t&ea ;:.:3; :.:3 ifcca -z.zzr.*.
OAKLAND. April ID.-Mlss Maud
Hartley Gould and Gustav O. Isert,
deaf mutes, will be married next
Tuesday at the Congregational
Church of Hayv.-ards. Rev. Leonard J.
Garver will officiate, assisted by Profes
sor Warms Wilkinson, superintendent of
the Institute for Deaf, Dumb and Blind
at Berkeley. The marriage ritual will be
recited by the clergyman and rendered
Into the deaf mute sign language by the
Institute president.
The young people met first at the In
stitute as students. Later they renewed
friendship In Castro Valley, where Miss
Gould has resided with her parents, ilr.
and Mrs. L. F. Gould.
The groom-elect Is the son of Mr. and
Mrs. John Isert. a pioneer family of Con
tra Costa County. Since his graduation
from the Institute he has assisted hl3
father in handling his large ranch prop
erties in Contra Costa and San Joaquln
counties. William Isert. the young man' 3
brother, will be best man at the wedding,
and Miss Myra Gould, a sister of the
prospective bride, will act as bridesmaid.
The home of the couple is to be on the
Isert ranch in Contra Costa County.
WILL PLEDGE THEIR
TROTH IN SILENCE
JOURNEYMEN BUTCHERS
HOLD A JOYOUS OUTING
Large Crowd Attends Barbecue at
San Jose — Bread and Meat
in Plenty.
Three trains were necessary to transport
the crowds which attended the picnic
given by the Journeymen Butchers' Pro
tective and Benevolent Association In San
Jose yesterday. It was estimated that
5000 people attended the outing. Not an ac
cident marred the pleasures of the day.
A biff barbecue was a feature of the
outing. Under the supervision of Bert
Davis and his assistant, J. W. Borchus.
llfteen butchers handed toothsome steaks
and dainty morsels of meat to the hungry
picnickers. One thousand pounds of beef
and a like number of loave3 of bread
were u*ed during, the afternoon.
The success of the picnic was due to the
efforts of the following committees: On
arrangements— Ben Davis. William Weiss.
George Shade. Ben Oswald and Joseph
Lyons. Floor committee^ — Charles Casoir
M- Jager, G. Loeb and F. Krauer. . .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferrr.
Cecunenclns October 1, 1339.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALL2TI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:OO. •}:«. 11:00 a. m.: «1:U,
•3:4). 6:13. if-J. *:3» 9. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and- San R*.
fael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*.
at »:<*> and U:ia o. m.
BUNDATS— *S:OO. 'lO:*. •11J0 a. m.; »1:1^
V.H »4:*3. *:33. »:C0 B. m.
Trains marhed <•> nin to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCTSCtX
WEEK DAYS— 6:SJ. *fi:C 7:45. »J:4J a. m.»
•U. 50. 2:15. »3:40. "J-.U p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday* and
Saturday* at 1:49 and 10:15 n, ra.
BUNDATS-4:M *3:*>. '^CO. *U:C a. cxi
•I:4* *J:l5. 4:43. •4:SO r>. m. 0
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentla.
TUOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. i:4C 7:C. »:45 a. ai.;
XJ:BS. »:JJ. S:4S. S:*> p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneeday* an 4
Saturday* at 7:00 and 10:33 p. m.
BCNDAYS-S:O6. 10:C5 v m.: 11.-C3. tOS. tl*
i;OC *:4S P> n>.
THKOCCH TRAIN'S.
f<o a- m. week days—Caraierornd way station*.
1:43 p. m. B*turd*y»— Tomalea and way autlotta.
1;M v a. Suci^vt-rTouialci ipi «v.M:tUi
In the Handball Court.
The scheduled games of handball which ,
were announced to take plate at Phil j
Ryan's handball court. K53 Howard street, |
w^re played yesterday afternoon. The •
play was spirited and well contested I
throughout especially the four-handeJ ¦¦
pame between Hampton. Unehan. White
and llaguire. a quartet of clever players.
The results of the competition follow:
C. Lakln ar.d P. Munz 21 21 211
C. Smith ar.d F. Carney 18 11 81
b Sheehan and P. Donnelly 21 21 21
P. Hutchison and J. Daly 9 17 v
S Wurkheim and W. Fisher 21 16 21
M. Morns and G. B. Hayward U 21 15
H. J. Rogers ar.d E. Curley 21 21 21
R. Lcngabach and F. Burke 14 n 10 ¦
W Has*ell »nd W. Kedlan.. 21 21 JS 10 21 ;
W. U. Sieb«rit and P. Ryan 14 11 21 21 10 j
A McVicker and J. Condan 21 20 21 j
R. Murphy and T. Leach 17 21 v |
!
C. Murray and J. J. Canavan 21 21 21 I
Killed Wife, Then Self
BROWNSVILLE. Nebr.. April 22.—
Charles Smith shot and killed his wife I
this evening at their home and then killed |
kizusell. He » as insane > . i
M. Klrby and T. Foiey v 10 '» j
G. B. Hayward and W. Fleher Jl n IT !
E. Antron and W. F. Stapft 11 is n
T. Serres «J»d J. Broyer It 1* 21
J. Johnson and E. White 13 21 15
A. Hftfiipton and R. Linehan 21 IS 1 21 21
J. White &nd W. aXafuirv.. 17 U 21 6 19
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o :r, t h. j^ixjd
From Sr'-ar-street "^-'harf at 10 a. m.
CADC IU First Clcss Including Kerth
l/-. ri- £8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails April ?
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all roints In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Aftsnt.
no Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Sunerlr.t'ndent*.
OLYMPIANS ENJOY A
CROSS COUNTRY OUTING
Fifty Hembers of the Atnletic Club
Tramp Over the Foothills of
Marin County.
Bom* f.fty members of the Olympic Ath-
letlc Club took part in a cross-country
run yesterday under the direction of Cap
tain Gecrge James. The route was nvt*r
the Marin County foothills from M'll Val
ley to Willow Camp and return. The ath.
letes enjoyed a swim and luncheon at
Willow < amp. W. J. Leonard was the first
home. foHov.pd quickly by R. MeGlUbon,
H. A. Whltley. T. J. Curley, Captain
George James and Dr. Allen. Those oa
tfce outing were:
H. A Wh:tley. Fid CmvtH. Jimn Coffrcth.
Guy P.a^'.T.. J. R. l^ar.iels. James Byrnes Jr..
T. J. Curler. D. «". Van Court. Vr. H. G. Al
len. George H'.r.kel. It. McGibbon. N. A. Hew
fon. William A. I/ay. H. L. Atkinson. K. H.
Norman, 11. A. Norms n, Percy Cmvlll, Archie
Taylor. J. H. Spiro. H. W. Oallatt. Harry
V.'ari, A. Ciitelar-j. R. F\ MeLcod, Gccrge A.
Croa:. Jam** Cotter. T. J. tiough. A. L. iir.
J>od, l>r. F. F. Glurti. R. Bowman. Georce
Ward T. J. Htanton. P. C. Jurs. P. Manning.
Pant H'-kli^i«, tlrvrge James. J. W. Morton,
H. A. Herzo#. A. Bdßßttt. T. F. Kennedy. H.
TV*. Frs.n< k. J. D. O'Brien. George Butler.
EASTERN VISITOR
VIEWS FIRE DRILL
Commissioner Grattan of Buffalo
Praisss Efficiency of the San
Francisco Department.
A fire drill was given yesterday morn-
Ing by Chief Sullivan of the loc&l depart
ment for the benent of W. S. Grattan, one
of the Fire Commissoners of Buffalo, N.
Y. First Assistant John Dougherty aided
Chief Sullivan, and there were also pres
ent M. H. Hecht and John Grady, mem
bers of the San Francisco Fire Commis
sion.
Mr. Grattan has been here a week and
has made a complete Inspection of the de
partment. At the drill yesterday com
panies 5. 12 and 2S and the water tower
were ordered out, the drill taking place
nt Kearny r.nd Bay streets. The steamer
companies were put through the usual fire
fighting course. Commissioner Grattan
was much pleased with the manner In
v.-hich the men handled their engines and
ran out their hose and praised their work
highly.
It was the tower that seemed to im
press the visitor the most. After watching
the three-Inch stream whizzing horizon
tally into space from its elevated source
Mr. Grittan examined the machine mi
nutely and pronounced it one of the best
he had ever seen. He was impressed with
the mechanism by which it can be ad
justed and elevated In such short time.
TRAP SHOOTERS AT
INGLESIDE GROUNDS
* " I
The San Francisco Gun Club heM Its i
rrgru'.ar ¦weekly shoot at the Ingleslde I
jrrounds yesterday In addition to the
club event a pperlal match between Mar
shall ar.d Feudner at twenty-five birds
was shot off. resulting in a victory £er
Marshall. Score 2^-21.
Following are the club scores:
H&igfct 11: GolchT. II; Shaw. 11; Ricklefson.
11 ¦ Verr.cn. ii>; Williamson. 9; Justins. 12:
Trcmtor.f. II: Karn»y. 12: 11. Kullrnan. S;
McMurchey. 11; Sweeney. 11: King. 10: Rosen- i
benc S; Foster, W: M. O. Feudner. 12; Mar- i
sha.ll 11. Shields. W; Schultz. 10; Stone. 11: J. !
B O'cleman 7; Murdrx-k. S; Bruns, 11; .Whit- j
nevll: Wands. 11: Fisher. 7: Slade, S; Wilson.
U: Bean, 11: Weishaupt. 6: Derby, 10; J. Kull- !
Back sccres— T-Ickiefson. 11: Vemon. S; WH- j
son. 10; Brunß. 10; Karney, 12.
The Olympic Gun Club members shot j
at Blue Kocks yesterday at the Ingleslde j
grounds In three events, with the follow- j
inp results:
Elatfe. 24; F. Feudner. 2^ IS. 23; Matterson. i
17 1« : Titus. 14, 10. 10; Webb, 2». 24, 17; Mus- !
re'r 11. 5; Owens. 21. 13. 10; Sccvern. 23. 15. 22- ¦
Winner. 18, 14; Homer. B, 15; Hcsmer. 13. 13: i
IVrby :t IS: Haight. IS. 21. 22. 19; Golrher. j
i: 17- 11. Ku'.lrran. 13. 12. 12. 14; J. Kullman, i
U: Foster, i: Chase. 12: Sands, 20, 13; Stone, I
!«• Phielcis. 21. 14. 1»: Juftir.s. 17. 16; M. O. ¦
Feudn«r. 17 12: Weishaupt. 13. U; Schulta. 22.
2L 18- I*: Shaw. 21: Sweeney. 10. IS; Derby, 21.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
W^ wharf, San Francisco:
ySSta^^ For Alaskan port?— lo a. m..
VS# : £s?y April 21. 26; Hay 1. Chance
wtef^JNiV-*. to company's steamers at Se-
Kjs£§sNsl For Victoria. Vancouver (F».
' fcfcMvi-'^tSi c->c ->- Port Townsend. Seattle.
i r**<9,£ffcji\ Tnrcma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
** 10 a. m.. April 51. T9: May 1
ar.d every fifth day thereafter: change at Se-
attle to this company's steamers for Alask.a
and G. N Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka Huinboldt Bay— W a. m.. April
24. Z9; M«y 4 and ever> - fifth day thereafter.
Fcr Santa Cruz, Monterey. Pan Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavlota,
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East San Pedro fl»* Angeles), and Newport— •>
a. m.. April 21. 23, SS; May 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
Fcr San D!»«ro. stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Ohi«iv»). Santa Barbara. Port Lcs
Antfii>s and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
April 53. 57; May 1 and every fourth day there-
after.
For F.nsenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La. Pai. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— l4 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company**
folder. •
The company reserves the rlfrht to chan*»
steamer*, sailing dates and hours of sailing
"riCRKT oi'flCK- 4 New Montgomery
*tr«-»-i i>'ft!ace H"tel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEA2* TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION,
In afprdanr* rrlth th* d!r«"-t^i« of the RK-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated rrrre«en'.atlve* of the Republican
Party from the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, en TUESDAY. th» nth
(Jay oi June. A. I>. IW. at II o'clock noon.
Tor the purpose of nomlnatinc candidates for
the office of President and Vies President of
the United State?, and for such other bustne««
ss may be brought before fald convention: ani
In accordance with the Instructions riven by
said National Committee, directing that th«
Ccncressional District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Conrresslonal
Ccrrmittee of each laid district. In tbe same
manner as the nomination of a Representative
In Congress Is made tn said district; therefore.
t? it
Resolved. By the REPUBLICAN* FTATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
Mate, that the Congressional Committee* of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
of Califcrnla are hereby advised and requested
to call Ccncr»«sicnal Conventions of their Con-
,-rfE-iuiui I.'lurlrts. to b* held as hereinafter
Vrovided. at which two delecatfcs shall be
chcseti f> represent each ot »uch districts In
the NATIONAL REPCBLICAN CONVEN-
TION to be held a» aforesaid, and for the
felectlcn of two alternate delfeates. to act in
ease of the «b«ence cf th-s delegates first cho<en.
The election cf the ¦!• If Kates of the Con-
rre»iional Convection *hall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee cf each
district in accordance with tha call of th*
National Committee.
Provided. That the basis of representation
to *aid Con«re*iloc2l Conventions shall be as
follow*, to wit: One dt-lt-cate fcr each Assem-
bly Pl.«trict within the Congressional Plctrtct:
provided, that where any Assembly tllstrlct I
emtraces mere than one county, there «hal! b»
cne delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In such A*«emblr district,
and one delegate fcr each *00 votes vast for
Henry T Gage. Republlran candidate for Gov-
ernor In 1593. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of ISO votes or ov#r.
It Is further directed that the delegate*
rhosen tn the Conrresslonal Convention' nhall
meet In f=tat» Convention at the city of Sacra-
Sento. on TUESDAY, the - 15th day of May.
IHSO at 2 o'clock p. m.. tp *elect four delffratet-
al-lanre to the NATIONAL RKPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned. *nj four al-
ternate deleftateK. to act in case the delep*te«
(elected be absent, for the election of a Stat*
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
»'uch further huMnei's a* tray be brought be>
lor* the »a!d State Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary
rlectlmf are held the test fcr voter* shall b*:
"I believe In Republican principles and ln-
ncire the Kerublloan policy and the ttdnln-
Utration of Pre-.ldent McKlnley. and Intend
to support the nominees of tha Republican
Party at the ensuinc? election."
It "is further directed that contests must b»
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Ccmmltte* In writing, with a full utatement
of the grounds of th» contest, five days pre-
ceding the raeetlnc of the State convention.
All matter* relating to such contest before th*
Coceresslonal Committee, ¦with laid Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmu-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before nooa of the 14th
da» of May. ISM.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEJ*.
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco. April
• »•*• JL C. HART. Secretary.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMER 3
FOR U.S. HAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Alontlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4 i
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. El. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. in. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 1. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE SC«
STARVING ISRAELITES
WILL SOON HAVE AID
Mass-Meetin » Held Last Night, at
Which a Liberal Sum Was
Raised.
A mass-meeting was held last evening
at the synagogue. Congregation Beth
Israel, to collect funds and devise means
to aid the destitute Jewish families at
Bessarabia, a province of Southern Rus
sia. It was announced that there were
over 10,000 Jewish families in that district
that were starving. Addresses were made
by Rabbis M. S. Levy, Isidor Myers, Jacob
Voorsanger and Durman.
At the close of the meeting $350 was col
lected, and steps were taken to attempt !
to raise the fund to $1000. Committees will ;
be formed by Rabbi Levy to canvass tr;«
city to raise the desired sum. P. K.
Lilienthal of the Anglo-California Bank
kindly volunteered to act as treasurer, and
stated that he would forward all funds to
Europe free, of charge.
DISTRICT REPUBLICANS
ELECTED NEW OFFICERS
Delegates Appointed to Los Angeles j
Convention and Congressman
Kahn Indorsed.
At a meeting of the Twenty-eighth As- |
sembly District Republican Club, held In •
Greggs Hall. 40 Natoma street, last Satur- i
day evening, the following officers were
elected: President. Frank Gregg: vice-;
presidents, Chris Dunker. Herman Bohl- |
menn. Daniel Slebert: treasurer. Captain i
J. B. Johnson: financial secretary. Oscar 1
Homberg: recording secretary, Charlti '
Luhrs; executive committee — William j
Fitzgerald. Charles Colgran, Daniel Anglan,
J. Calinan ar.d T. J. Tully.
After speeches by Frank Grecg and
Judge Kerrigan the chairman appointed j
the following members to represent their
respective precincts In the district: First.
Precinct, Joseph S. Spear Jr.: Second.
John Olsen: Third. H. Ross: Fourth. XV.
Ring: Fifth. S. M. Burns: oixth. John
<"ra\-en: Seventh, F. Jackson: Eighth. M.
Riordan: Ninth. John Williams: Tenth. I
William McGonlgle; Eleventh. H. Rooster: I
Twelfth, F. Wallotoer: Thirteenth. H. I
Smith- Fourteenth, William Doty: Fif- !
teenth, P. J. O'Nell: Sixteenth. F.Gannon; j
Seventeenth. P. J. Regan; Eighteenth. F."
Doscher.
The club Indorsed open primaries for
delegates to be selected to elect delegates ¦
for the National convention. It also In
dorsed Julius Kahn for Congress for the j
Fourth District and F. H. Kerrigan for ;
Superior Judge. The following members :
were appointed to attend the Los Angeles \
convention: Joseph S. Spear Jr., Clir:-* :
Dur.ker and Henry Bohlmann. An ad- :
Journment was taken until to-morrow j
night.
PRESENTATION GRADUATES
HOLD ANNUAL REUNION
Literary and Musical Exercises in
Honor of the Occasion at the
Convent.
The graduates of the Sacred Heart Pre
sentation Convent held their annual re
union yesterday afternoon at the convent
at 2 o'clock. Over four hundred former
pupils were present. The exercises, which
began in the chapel with the benediction
of the Blessed Sacrament, was celebrated
by Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. O. At
the conclusion of the services exercises
were held In the classroom., where the fol
lowing programme was rendered:
PART I.
Overture. Convent Mandolin Club; opening
remarks by the president, Mies M. K. Traynor;
addrew. Very Rev. J. J. PrenJerg-ast. V. G. ;
piano Quartet. "Poiljih Dance" (Scharwenka).
Miws J. lleffernan. C. Nolan. M. O'Dea. M.
QuiKley: soprano solo (selected). Miss May
Cavanagh: piano folo. <a) '"Presto Brilliant"
(llendelsschn). (b) •'Plantation Melody" (No
lan.'. MI6S Clara Nolan.
PART 11.
Chorus. ••Rr-wir.jr Sony." Alumnae Choral;
buck and wing- danre. Little Mies L'.ebert: con
tralto solo (s«!"cte4), ll!*>s Qui»en Montgomery;
piano duet, • - P»arl of the Sea." Misses R.
wanner. E. Conway, Q. Montgomery, E. Mont
gomery; r»citatlcn. M'.ss M. Schnabel; selec
tions. Convent Mandolin Club.
SWALLOWED LYSOL
WHILE DESPONDENT
Miss Maggie Everett, wife cf Harold
Everett, a saloonkeeper at 221 Eddy
street. committed suicide at an early hour
this morning at her home, 33SA San Jose
avenue.
When the Morgue deputies arrived on
the scene they found In the room wher«*
the body lay an empty bottle which had
contained lysol. No reason could be
ascribed for the act except that the wo
man was despondent from sickness.
Counsel for Owens.
ST7ISUN. April 22.— John Owens, who
confessed Friday to having murdere-1
Daniel H. Wilson, was to-day visited by
his brother, Henry Owens, of Healdsburg.
The latter secured the services of an at
torney to represent the defendant at the
preliminary examination, which will be
held next Wednesday. It is not thought
here by those who have followed the Wil
son case that Mrs. Lucy Owens was im
plicated In the crime. Owens still main
tains a morose front and has asked that
no one be allowed to visit him.
Charged With Murder.
LOS ANGELES, April 21— An Inquest
was held this afternoon on the body of
"Pelon" Johnson, the half-breed who was
stabbed through the heart Friday night.
The verdict of the jury charged llateo
Castillo, in whose house the dead man
was found, with the crime. Castillo testi
fied at the Inquest and was arrested soon
after. His own testimony incriminated
him.
(dam nniMoN (Btm4 <U«c«).
('ihlrl ..r-i ToTn»e:..l M< )
1O:>«>» t>ce*ii Vie*, iio'irh h*:i Knuid.osi.. t<*:«»»
f7:««»* .San Jii»<« »••<"' Way M*ii.mn (N»w
A)'..%.1-i V.V.!, ?-¦.,,...,.,- *l:30r
J7:30» Sundaj Eicnrsian f r S»a Joaec
.->»r.:a L'r>:i, r*-"?. ¦ Crovs and
Ftiadpal W»y Station* Jf:M»
• BtOO* Kan J.^.-. Tir. I' <, -• :i«r-.r.
r»ri.ic "Jiot-. !'«*¦ II:, I.Ira. >»¦•
l.vis 111...,^.. ttnrf, ! vi .;.. c ami
l".intf|-i»l \V»t suati..ii« *4:I*T
•!•:••« San .! » ¦ an.l Way WlalfcW *«:»3«
•11:20 a >...!¦ '-.1 • Mi: .:-.<-...¦¦•. »i ••:..• "i 1 'J:UO»
t'4:43rHui )!*!-... l.tiwi.ol. ;.:-¦.,<. lark.
!'»!¦. Aim. -.:::ii'..:v Mat>.l»se.
Tre« !"!•••¦< .>.n. ;» «'rux. SWinaa.
M,»ii«r; •!¦¦! IVtirle C.raye tl»t.t«4
t1:5"»r e *n J.i^aiMl Blatlnn # T:3op
t»:!sr Saji Jonean.i Prii.cipii Wa» tfiatfmra # O:43»
ts:»Opdai Jon*, L<x Gatot aud l'nucipal
VayttUtiaM «3:««»
•¦»::in» ¦Sin.).*.? »N. I Priaetpal '¦' <> .station* ?"••.;*>»
•«:SOp3a;. J.«eai.l WaygtatSnM t"«:»o»
Hl;|.'»p 3an J»w.«u.l War x:a'.i<.ng > 7:30y
A for Momnis. 1* d»r Aiwri-wa.
*Da.;y. t->... 'w^f»;.>! I Sumlay only.
6 Saturday <>nly.
a S»tnrJ»y *B'l .*»un.t»y. r Sunday «nd >foo<Ja7.
HE IMPERSONATED A
POLL-TAX COLLECTOR
Frank Kelly, a Plumber, Accused of
Trying to Get Money From Re
cently Arrived Japanese.
Frank Kelly, 2S years of age, who gives
his occupation as a plumber, was arrested
yesterday morning by Policeman Owens
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of impersonating a poll-tax collector.
Sixty Japanese who landed from the
steamer Nippon Mara a few days ago
went to live at a boarding house at 521
Jessie street, kept by George T. Waki
rnoto. Two poll-tax collectors called there
yesterday morning and collected the tax
from the newcomers. After they had gone
It is claimed Kelly called and represented
he was a collector and demanded the
money, saying he was willing to take
watches or anything else If they did not
have the coin. He raised a disturbance
and Wakimoto sent for Policeman Owens
and Kelly was arrested.
}T:1Oa X*r.: i t'ruz l'.i.-;r«; ••¦ for Suit*
Cruz and Fnnti^oi Way Stations J5:03»
*S:l3* NewaxH.i Viit^r»iiir,M*u.J««e, iVitou,
f ... '^r i r- f ¦ -i: ¦»( 'in* ai. 1 Way
Ht»U»M« ••2»»
fSilSpNewar*. i'«nt«nl!;«. S»n .!••». N •»
Al.ii».!«ii. >VJU>u. ICoultter L*rp«k.
S»:.:.i Crux aavl l'rlnclpt! Way
Shuloi^ t»«i3«»»
MaßS* Newark. *an .I«ie. laGtUii •*:-"«»4
a» : 1 .1 p GlenwootL Fe'ton. ft*n:» Crax e<- 3» »
(Oivr i»n Ihliin (Smnmm llwgi).
(Fi;<.ti f Mirkrt Street.)
RISKY RIDERS
OF SEXTUPLET
COME TO GRIEF
Joseph Wolle and Bloomer
Friends Take a Wild
Trip.
They Defy the Police as They Raced
Along Market Street, but Are
Upset by Sergeant
Wolf.
Joseph "WoUe, a dealer In bicycles, start
ed out last night to do a little advertising
on his own account. To a sextuplet he
attached two signs, on which were print
ed his name and the location of his eye-
Jery. Accompanied by three young women
In striking bloomers, and two other men.
he rode the machine down Market street.
They r&ced along at a furious pace, the
women shouting to the astonished pe
destrians and the men making more noise
than Is heard In a country schoolhouse
during the temporary absence of the
teacher. At Fourth street Sergeant of Po
lice Wolf ordered them to "pull up," and
was greeted by derisive shouts and cries
of "Get off the earth." SuminoEir.gr OfS
cer Saye, Wolf lay In wait for the ma
chine to return. A few minutes later It
reappeared, the riders shouting defiance
to 'several other "coppers" who tried to
stop them.
It was going at the rate of almost twen
ty miles an hour when It reached Wolf,
but this did not dismay him. He made a
flying- leap for Wolle. who was occupying
the first seat of the sextuplet. The col
lision upset the machine, spilling the rid
ers onto the street. Wolf promptly grab
bed Wolle, while Saye succeeded in hold
ing on to another of the riders, who gave
his name as C. L. Braun and his occupa
tion as that of a tailor. The three women,
after brushing the dust off their bloom
ers, took the advice of a bystander and
ran down Fourth street. On account of
the large crowd that had gathered the
officers, fearing that they would lose their
two prisoners, did not follow them. Woile
and Craun were taken to the City Prison,
where they were charger with violating
the bicycle ordinance.
EAIXSOAD TBAVZL.
CORA URQUHART
POTTER SOON TO
MARRY KITCHENER
Hero of Khartoum Enamored
of the Fair American
Actress.
Divorce 14 Shortly to Be Granted
That Will Permit the Wed
ding of the Two Noted
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 22.— After months of
rumors connecting the names of James
Brown Potter and Miss May Handy, the
first authentic evidence that their mar
riage is an event actually In prospect
comes in a correspondence from Cora
Urquhart Potter, who has been r.otitted
she will receive her divorce shortly. Mrs.
Potter said that she was delighted with
the prospect of being freed.
This divorce, which Sir George Lewis
has notified Mrs. Potter has been granted,
Is preliminary to two marriages— Miss
Handy to Mr. Potter and Mrs. x-otter to
General Kitchener, hero of Khartoum and
Lord Roberts 1 chief of staff In South
Africa,
General Kitchener's photograph adorns
the actress' boudoir, while a miniature of
England's big fighter hangs by a jeweled
chain about her neck. It has been no se
cret for several months past that the fa
mous tighter was deeply enamored of the
fair American actress, and no doubt had
not South African affairs demanded his
attention they would have been married
before this.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.
SENATOR STRATTON
ARRAIGNS CLERGY
Demands More Tolerance in Their
Attitude Toward Those of
Different Views.
Remarkable Address Delivered Before Young
People's League of the First
Unitarian Church.
Oakland OfT.ce San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. April 22.
(Fji TN'ATOR FREDERICK S. STRAT-
TON. one of the most prominent
Os—-^ ro!it!clar.s in the State, a leader of
the Lar of California and at the fore
In movements for civic advancement In
Oak'.ar.d. made a remarkable public ar
rairr.ir.er.T to-night cf the clergymen of
Th!s< city. H* demanded more tolerance in
their attitude toward thos<» of different
religious belief*, expressing himself as
profoundly disappointed over the recent
public utterances of the leading divines of
LhJa city. He likened the present religious
situation to that which existed in Crom
weO'a day. when men were deprived of
life and property for daring to diSfer from
the preval3lr.gr religion.
S-nator Stratton spoke as a layman and
r merrier cf en« of the most prominent
orthodox churches of the city— the Firs'
• "repaticr.al. His address was delivl
. 7-d before the Young People"s League of
ih* First Unitarian Church, and his sub
:<ect was "Better Churches for Oakland. #-
In opening he declared not for finer and
pr&r.der edifices, but for a broader char
ity, which should mean a tolerant regard
for all those who differ in religious views.
Continuing. Senator Stratton said:
"I had thought that Oakland, with the
high character cf Its <Jlvir.es and with the
tendency of the times more ar.d more to
ward relig.ous toleration, would at this
time a.n<S in this place have taken an ad
var.ced position 'or freedom of religious
belief. The public utterances, however.
Of the three leading ministers of Oaklar.d
«ithln the past few months have been to
me a source of profound disappointment. '
"Disguised tjr-cer whatever specious plea
It may be clothed, whether or not it be Im- j
yugr:lr:g the motives of one's adversaries, j
which is a weak subterfuge in all ccn- i
troverey. I find that the leaders of re- I
ligicus thought here very scantily admit I
i).f right of rthers to differ upon theolog
ies', questions, and disclose very little
charity, and certainly no love, for one
who has charged his doctrinal belief.
"It is with r^rret that I speak these ¦
words on this occasion. I would, indeed, J
rather address them to an orthodox audi- |
crce. among whom as a member and reg- i
u!ar attendant I count myself, than to a '
Unitarian a!>«err.b!age. I listened to an
exceedingly able sermon some time ago tn
the Congregation Church in this city upon
the text from Revelations as given by
John, where he said, speaking of the new
Jerusalem. "I saw no temple there.' It
was explained that the temple was as
broad as the city and included in Itself
all within its walls. Ar.d so I would Ilk-?
the better churches cf Oakland to exhibit
a broader spirit, ar.d while preaching their
respective doctrine:- to exclude from hos
tile denunciation those who cannot con
sistently accept thf-m. and to abound in
charity and love toward those who seek
differently for light or truth, wherever it
may l>e found."
The speaker dwelt at some length on
the dogmatic differences in theology, re
ferrins to much critical discussion now In
progress. He alluded to an address by Dr.
Kurrill delivered at Yale University,
where that divine had declared that a be
lief in the doctrine of the atonement was
essential to salvation, and that to believe
the contrary was to l^atyue one's self with
satan. Senator Stratton said that upon
that argument Dr. Burrill would be corn
relied to say that Rev. C. R. Brown, pas
tor of the First Congregational Church of
Oakland. wa= a disciple of satan. for the
speaker had heard Dr. Brown declare that
belief In the doctrine of atonement was
rot essential to salvation. Concluding.
Senator Stratton said:
"Contention has been the rule always In
the past, coupe very generally with in
s!st«r.ce that the right of conscientious
difference does not exist. I would like to
tee the better churches of Oakland elimi
nate contention, and let all denominations
stand upon the truth of their doctrines as
they address themselves to human Intelli
gence. I must finish with an expression
of the true optimism which I feel. The
better churches of Oakland may In some
measure by their toleration and liberalism
advance Just a little the spiritual and ma
terial good of the community. In the time
of William of Orange men slaughtered one
another for religious differences. In Crom
wel!"e time men stripped those who dif
fered with them spiritually of their
wealth and ofHces. To-day we save their
Jives and their property, tut the tendency
is still, en the part of many, to exe
crate tnose who differ, and to deny to
them that right of dlfferer.ee which ought
to be one of the basic principles of hu
manity."
Deputy City Attorney S. W. Congdcn
declared for a broadening of religious
fFIPPifiSBP TTle s - s - Australia
4&>l*it% It 1 ' 1 ! '"T" T Honolulu
& Wednesday. May '
SltMriSillO^ «ns Tla ¦HnnofufiTand
(GftrfiWJ' Wednesday. May 15.
at St.S t. m.
Favorite line around the worid via Hawaii. !
Pumoa. New Z»al»n1. AustraUa. India. Suez.
England, etc.: 1610 nrtt clasa.
L t». 0.-ntvAtLa a ii.ii>» y<J.. Mats.. '14 Mont;crnf rj
Pisr 7. Foot Pacific it Ffeish»ufl!c«.32>Mark2t St. I
MSJU® 1" 2S Goiiifseids
£^7'^<v^^^^^^^ is as necessary as a pick.
iWjPf^^^ No miner should be without
JtL*9*Jr£r^ one * na^ ecte(^ by extreme
Winchester Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
ft^^lpiy name and address on a postal card for
m"otlt^^ * 6 °-P a S e illustrated catalogue. It is free.
%&M//wm Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
i»%<w r/*Z\ I NEW HAVEN, COKN.
%~ V,Avi3 44 f 8 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
•oi'Tiir.R.'r rAcirio comwjit.
(PACirio srnrrßK.)
Tr.lm l«n«* ¦..••• nrt> •!>¦«• •• i»rrl »• ••
(Mala Line. Foot cf Uuut Street)
u*ti — Faou Arsii. IX 1300. — akbitb
•T:OOa BenicU. Suisun, Emir*. V»caTi3a.
Ramsey »vii B*CTAinenM> *7:43p
•7:00* Shut* CrpresA-DaTls, W10(r»a.
E»l EhiS. l»or.Uud *7»43T
•7:3» a M »ri:i:ei. >*.i lUmun, V.Ulejo. Napa,
C'aiUUiik Mid ->..:.-.* !:•>** *oil9r
•S:3Oa Tb» Oteriind LJmi'«d— Otdtn. Dea-
T-r,i>j,*i*. Chicajo »3il3f
••>Ul»* S*u J.wr. I.iT t-r!i...re,t -r!i...re, Stockton.
l»ue. Huraiui-DM, FUcnrfUle,
lUrju.l.lr, Chlco. Ke.l l!!i!:r Mil-Ir
•«:S»» •lli.iou. «»M;!Aie. sennra. Cartefs... M:lsr
•»:»<•• H»v.T»r •.«. . % .:.-M^ttt'i;MV...-i.Mlt«3»
•s»:«ii » D*m, Woodland. Kclgau Laodic^.
MarTstille. Oi»i»i:>.. »7:l»r
•»:••« AtUatie Kipraa— OtfOen and East •»:*»*
•U:OOA M«rtii>nc. Tracr. LftUiru?. Suxkuo,
Mrrc-! »: .1 (t-. 1 .. M3:l3r
•»!»•« PortCo*t». I r.»u ». Muj«ia and Lorn
A.iiir:... *«54Sp
•t*:BOt Vsllrjn. M-.rt.. l»• ,1 V.*J S-.*:!..i.« •li:iZT
•ll;wi»4 ;.':!•«. LlTtrinora, Stocktun. Haer»-
mruto. M •¦:¦..;¦••*. ll*uf .r 1. VU»ii*.
hnnrtlh Mjl."»p
•l'i:M>c TUj«aria. Nile* »¦¦ '. W*j Statloot. *a.-C.lr
1l:»«p s.i. i* ..:,-... Kliwßtt— n t»i»Or
•:t:OO[- II .) -.»«r Lr Nllra and Way susl.tj. *3: IT.f
•|:»iif Martiiifn, ¦>.»¦! U*!n>><. Val.'s;u.
Na|i.->, t'o'ixb ««. Sauta Itoas *Vtl3*
• jon r H-uicik. V *.».i. *. Hacra.nsnto.
U... ..»:.!. K. !.!.».« leading.
Mirxsflltf. «»ni»i:]f «1«t4134
•li3'»p Mien. »mn J.w.ii.t SU>ckk>o **:I%F
m r,-.utr'lh- «»¦! l.iuitmi— Tr*cy. Fretso.
ll*krr^i>i.:. njtn^iui fur 3%iit« l:ax-
h*n. 1...t Auerle*. •1«:43*
• n-.X<*r ?!.- . •-!¦>•. AUranl. I fi •¦>> •filler
TttJitr »iM»i-.ilUken>il«).l. - n.i* Itarhara,
).¦« AnneleM. liming. El fuo,
New I';:- 4i • »: ! Kut •*.!¦»»
•JtMpHtnU r« »:i.iitr— AtUi.llo E«;r«M
f.» M..j»»^ »..•> foit '«:«?
'S:»»r ll»Tir«iL.. Jo«a *7»4*»
i «:::••(• v»;!ej<. *iaii.ir
•0:3«»r OrientAl Mail— Os.ien. Ctcjeiroa.
Uiuiilia. CUc»gn *»:I3»
••i3or Orlsnlal .Mail — i •, iea. Denter.
• ).!:.*:.». Ciiic»<a. ••i»l3r
J7:«Op Vfcllr)». P»ft «.o«ta and Wij Bt*-
tl^ua P=33f
• 9i«3r ()(«ic»ii and f*lif»m!» Kiprmw, H»o-
rmn.-ni... \|,rj.. . ICv-Mlng.
r,^n»..i, f.m-> ,s i m:i.; Va*i *»:n»
7
DEAF MUTES WHO WILL BE MARRIED AT HAYWARDStJW-LODGING-HOUEE for sale. 233 Third at.;
11 •ro'irr.B.
CARRIAGES A.M) WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand vnrrnn. buggies, cart* & har-
r.es«. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencie.
SICLLING out. half cost. ICO sets harneJsTroO
wagons. 1110 Fo'.sorn St.. near Eighth.
C A KI'IST UEATI.\G AM) CLEAMNG.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
*end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
liig Works. 3C3-557 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th «.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpct-bcatlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Eth st. : tel. South 260.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4i3 Stevenson Bt.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 2 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.:
tel. Main 394, GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLI.VB Carpet-beating Works. 232 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 1?6.
SPIUITUALIS9I.
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oo-
cult medium; the luckiest and truest on the
ccaft; readings 25c. USI Market it, near
Twelfth; specimens, mall. EOc. . . .
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. IMb and llth; clr. Mon., t p. m.
WANTED— Second cook, country hotel, $45; sec-
ond cook and halter, $12; second cook, hotel,
$30: waiter, country, $30, $25 month: second
baker, $25; waiter, $35 month, $7. $3 week;
potwashers, $20; dishwasher. $6 week. $20 mo.;
young man, porter work. $15 and found. $20
and found; other hotel and restaurant helD.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
10 MORE laborers for factory, ISc to 20c an
hour: 3 carpenters for country. $3 day; brick-
layer, $3 day; miners, $2 50 day and $2 and
board; muckers, $2 day; laborers for mines,
mills, woods and other work; machine men
and bench hands, $2 50 to $3 day; band sawyer
$85 and board: edserman. $3 day; 5 hydraulic
miners. $2 50 day: woodsmen of all kinds; ma-
chinist, ?3 day: carriage painter. $3 day. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
CLERK for country store. $26 and found: 4
men and wives for private places and ranches
$50 "and $55; farmers. $20, $25. $26 and $35;
milkers, 's2s and $30; boys for factory; young
man for laundry; srardener, $30: man about
place. $25. and many others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
ERRAND boy. |4 per week. MIS 3 CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
V/ANTED— Salesmen; furnishing; roods depart-
ment.- S. N. WOOD & fX>., 718 Market st.
HKLI* "WANTED—- .MALE.
SHORTHAND— lndividual Instruction each
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer. 1720 Market st. ; highest speed
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the inventor of phonography); rates $5
per month; by mnll $4; another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpying, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL Etudents but two tailing . full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, a**ay. cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1564.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
BHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best rystem." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
MUSIC lessons by experienced competent teach-
er, 60c lesson. Box 4532, Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.; Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taucht
by PROF. MERKI. 100S Mission :vlolln, guitar.
FBF..NCH.Snanlsh.etc..Prof.De FUlppe's Academy
cf langnagc*,32o Post;estab'd 1871 : ablest prufs.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing:' Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eye.; $.5 mo, 1024 MltElon, nr.flth.
ItOU'i' AM) SHOB nAJSGAIXS.
BARGAINS in ladies' end children's shoe*;
drummers' samples at macuianturer'a cost.
J. tCOHLBRCKKR. 145 Fourth Ft. £.V.
bUsisjEss ciiaaces.
A-COOO; PARTNER wanted in bist-located ea-
loon on Market »t. ; place open Any and night;
doing a fl:st-cla*s paying business; owner
wants a pood h<>n.-st man tar assistance, t'ar-
tlculars R. C. WILKE. 90C_ Market *t.
A-OLD-ESTAIiLISUKD rjadhouse with over
one tcrs of ground; boue« cf 7 furbished
rooms, v/ith banx-om. piano, etc.; r«-nt J3«.
Particulars H. <'.. WILKE. W Market at.
A— J5OO- BAZAAR and nctlr.n store, v.ith 3 fine
living rooms; rente $22 Im; a good paying bus-
iness; cfxk values the price; best location on
%-rincJpal etreet. K. G. WILKE, SO6 Market.
A— sl6.oo; BAKERY en leading busTness street":
western Afidllion; rent <£5; 3 horses, wagon;
S rcw cvrns; baking l'-t barrels per day; sick-
ness ct»;*e of tale, tee R. G. WILKE. ?06
Market tt.
A^-tSUi PAT.TNEIi war.ted In old established
find firrt-clats raying corner Ealoon; retiring
I>ertr.er to l«av« tor Nome; a splendid effer.
Call K. C. \V ILKE. £56 Market et-
A— C2£oo; CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
rt. : rent tH. including roorne; large ctock of
liquors and frroceriex; a first-class, paylr.fr
tuclcesfc. Inquire It. O. WILKK, fOt Market.
A— $S000; CORNER grocery and bar. with ~i
llvlpjc roomie: rent $50; 8 years' lees«; the best
corner on Mission et. ; place doing a rood
peyinr cesh business; full value In sight.
Call U. O. WILKE. 10S Market st.
A-itX; CIGAR ttore: clearing *4 dally; splen-
did location: Msrket end East ate,; rent $13.
Cay R. G. WILKE. 606 Market rt.
FOR eale. chear»— loc and lie restaurant: other
business. Inquire at grocery store, 1232 Mls-
elon rt.
2AHBER ehep fcr e&>; llrlr.c-rooms. 123 Gourh
; atre**.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW. COR' Sutter and Scott— Finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated If seen.
A— BRAND new; 4 rooms; 1421 Green St., near
Van Ness aye. Apply SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
BEST centrally located flats for small fa mil lea;
nice neighborhood; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento St., above Powell.
FELL, 624— Flats of 3 rooms and bath, $13; also
flats. 4 rooms, no bath. $9.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine modern middle flat;
6 rooms: bath; City Hall; fur. or unfurnished.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513 — # and 6 large sunny rooms;
bath, laundry; cheap.
NEW flat of 6 rooms; sunny; $24. 1545 Mason
street. . :
POLK, 2219, near Vallejo— Good flat Of 3 rooms
and bath; $10. ¦
SUNNY lower flat,' 4 rooms, bath, basement;
$15. 8426 Twenty-second St.. near Guerrero.
• TWO elegßnt corner flats of 7 rooms and bath
each: aun all day; rent very reasonable. • 300
and 303 Scott st., near panhandle. :
UPPER flat- of 4 rooms, with large yard end
ttable. 2 Harward , St.. near Eighth.
$10—4 LARGE rooms and yard. 527 Grove at.,
. betvreen^ Laguna and Octavla. ' . .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071 Mr Market St.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall, COc. Phone. Mint 257.
JAPANESE boy would like a situation as cook
In a family. Address ICHI. 248 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmcre at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established et 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
GARDENER. German, single wants situation;
references. Please address box 4635, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper wants employment.
Address box 4524. Call office.
WANTED— Situation by first-class wagon and
carriage blacksmith; good on woodwork. Ap-
ply 1613 Market £t.
WANTED— Position with some good merchan-
dise store: city or country: can furnish good
reference from New England State; age 24;
good telegraph operator. Address A. L. F.,
1724 Webster st., .Oakland. Cal.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place; under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows, run gasoline engine; handy with tools;
best reference letters. EMIL GARDENER,
San Rafael, Marin Co., Cal.. P. O. box 282.
SITUATION in private family; understand care
of horses, harness, carriages, cows and fowl;
can run gasoline engine; temperate and rell-
able; age 40; single. Box 3330. Call.
CARRIAGE striper wishes position: good all-
round man; country preferred. Painter. 746
Market st.
BAKER, steady and temperate, wishes position
on bread or cake. Address K. P. KAAR-
TINEN. E4B Howard at.
YOUNG man desires situation as night watch-
man: good references. Box 4649. Call offlce.
GARDENER wishes situation; ten years' ref-
erence from last employes. Address Gardener,
care of H. W., 879 Washington St.. Oakland.
CARPENTER, 10 days In city, would like
steady Job; small pay. Address J. P., 2010
Leavenworth et.
A STRONO, reliable young man wants work of
any ktnd In Cape Nome; Al references. Box
4672, Call offlce.
GIHLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36*4 Fremont «t.; elevator.
APPRENTICES foT tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st.
j WELL-ORGANIZED machine shop, established
In U6L for sale cheap. Box 40M. Call office.
¦ MISSION. 261S— Home bakery, with fixtures;
| doing sood business; call and Investigate.
; $3f>o— FOß sale— Long-established w&tch and
j Jewelry repairing store. Box 4650. Call offlce.
A BAKERY for sale, cheap; cause, sickness.
Address box 4647. Call office.
j HOTEL to rent; £07 Twentieth St.. near Union
Iron Works. Inquire 907' 2 Illinois fit.
; FOR sale — Rarber shop: good buslnes*: rare
chance, nox 279. San Luis Obispc. Cal.
! COFFEE ar.d tea routes supplied from GEO.
TV. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cell branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
i ?
I A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
I «is«Tnents and subscriptions has been opened
j at 1223 Polk rt. : .>pen until 9p. rn^
! A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
| subscriptions has be«n established at 10C6 Va-
lencla et. '
LODGING HOUSES I'OR SALE.
| EO^ROOM~CORNERniIOUSE: RENT $100.
I New furniture: grand bareain: f>e» It. For
I tale- only by DECKER. 102 1 ) Market Bt.
t IS-ROOM house at -your own price. Apply to
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
. .8-ROOM hotel and bar at a bargain.
W rooms; rent $i 0; clears $200 $1500
18 rooms; on Third st 250
; 17 rooms; on Jones st, 60)
I 6 rooms and bath 200
PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE.
| SO rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton 750
30-rooTn corner: 2 entrances; half cash... 2200
' 8-room flat: new; elegant 250
I IS rooms; on one floor; near Call offlce 550
37 rocme: on Howard st. ; only $300 cash.. 4W
! 25 rooms; on Market Et.; worth $1200 SM
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 450
36 rooms; on Market St.; payments ISOO
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt., opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
27 rooms; clean; part cash; table board .. s2svO
C 3 rooms; N Market: nice and fine.., 34CX)
_0 rooms; rent $60: clears $60 600
S rooms; meals given: north Fide 400
44 rooms; rent $120; Income $2'«o mo 2500
17 rooms; rent $50: Income $115 monthly.. 750
11 rooms; rent $28; full: nice; all men — 225
And many more. Please call for particulars.
n. H. WINSTON * CO
102S Market St
I J'* rooms $."io> '22 rooms $700
I 41 rooms $-Vio 41 rooms $425
j to rooms $1700 CO rooms $2000
j BOARDING and rooming house: best location
; In the city. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
i ROOMING-HOUSE, center part, clearing $15
j month, for $350. COWING. 719 Market st.
I GOiD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-Et. comer, near Market; 30 sunny
, rooms: brick building: flr.e location. Inquire
; WII. HENDRICKSON & CO.. €14 Call bldg.
! BOARDING-HOUf-n for eale et a sacrifice:
• party going north: ten steady boarders: six
I rooms; party purchasing will be. (riven thirty
days' trial; v.ill be sold $170. Apply 1721 De-
I vlFa-i«»-o st.
j NOB HILL— An elerantly furnished 14-room
' liousj at sarrt-io? en account of departure to
i Europe. Box 4^22. Cull offlce. j
j SNAP; $400; 22 rnnais, all rented: good loca-
j tlon; caus* of se'iilng, sickness. Basil*. 3 Eddy.
j $275— ELEGANTLY furnished; 8 room*: bath;
1 yard: full roomers; great bargain. 613 Howard.
J BUSH, L 34— A bargain; lodging-house of 46
! rooms; no lncumbrances; cash only.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; no wash-
Ing; no cooking. Apply 144S O'Farrell st.
GIRLS. ~~ GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32V4 Fremont.
GIRL to take care of 2 children and assist with
second work. 1622 Geary st.
GIRL wanted to work In candy store; $10 and
found: short hours. 1314 Howard st.
GARDENER, thoroughly competent In green-
houses, propagating fruit and vegetable grow-
¦ Ing. can milk and is handy with tools, wishes
position on a country place: references.
GARDENER, box 4519, Call offlce.
CO VCHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness In all branches. Is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation In private family; ref-
erences. C. S.. 1022 Jackson st.
WANTED— By competent man. position to
clean and repair harness. Box 4508, Call.
ACTIVE, energetic roan, age 27 years, desires
work as salesman, bookkeeper or similar em-
ployment; thorough general business experi-
ence; references. Address box 4625, Call.
lOMEOPATHIC physician, many years' ex-
perience. Is open for engagement; would take
temporary chare« of city or country practice.
M. D.. bos 4682. Call.
NDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn, flowers: in private family; very useful
and willing. Box 4634. Call.
GROCERY man: must ba experienced: 30 to 33
years of age. BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB.
527 Market Et.
CROCKERY man; experience necessary. BUSI-
NESS WOAL^N]SCLUB^J»27_M^rketjit I__1 __
FEW bright men of business ability: salary
liberal to right parties. BUSINESS WOM-
AN'S CLUB. 927 Market St.
WANTED
Cook for lunch counter In city $«
5 men to learn mining for large mining com-
pany $2 per day to start
6 mi'kers for different places near <?lty, $25
and $30 • ••
Blacksmith for dredger $40 and board
2 waiters for coffee parlor In city. $35: chore-
man on ranch. $25 and board; farmers, haying
hands, milkers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel Jessie 152.
AN experienced butcher wanted to take care of
a route: salary and commission on new trade
solicited; state reference and wajres expected.
Box 4540. Call office.
MEN paid camp wages, $S or $10 c day end
found, at Cape Nome. Call afternoons only, 1
o'clock to 4. room 46. 20 O'Farrell st.
DRUGGIST wanted— A reliable, sober druggist;
none other need apply. Jamestown Drug-
store, Jamestown. Cal.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REJSS
BROS & CO., 24 Sutter st.
GOOD coatmaker fcr outside. 42S Montgomery
street. ;
ANALYTICAL chemist wanted; state age.
qualifications and references. Box 4629. Oall.^
BOY for butcher shop, to deliver orders and
help around the shop. 1424 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger wanted.. Sutter and
Laruna sts.
GOOD tailor on police uniforms. Apply at lIS
Montgomery aye.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 1427 Oc-
tavla St.. near Post.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker for Inside; weekly or
piece. MARK LEVY. 22^ Geary st.. room 20.
**ANTED— Coatmaker at 820 Kearny, room 1.
MAN or boy as dishwasher for restaurant. 673
Hayes st.
WANTED— A good bartender at 34 East st.:
call early.
SHIRT po'l«her. $2 a day. ST. NICHOLAS
LAUNDRY. Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 1390 Turk st.
WANTED— First-class cook at 207 Third st.
SOLICITOR for a merchant tailor store; wages
or commission. 1215 Market st.
WANTED — Bufhslman for repairing; good
presser. 664 Hayes st.
GOOD cook wanted In restaurant. 432 Fifth
street. > J . : i.\
BARBERS— 3-chalr outfit, complete, almost
new. at a bargain. Sll Larkln st.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. $03 Mont-
gomery "t.. third floor, rcom «.
WANTED— 2 proficient engineers and 1 capable
lever men for dredger: high wages; none but
men of financial responsibility need epply.
Address box 4627, Call offlce.
WANTED — Men and women to leern barber
trade; only two months required. GORDON
Barber College. 417 N Main st.. Los Angeles.
TWO men to collect and canvass: salary end
commission: 8 to 9. 5 to 6. RYAN & TEE-
HAN, room 6. 405 Montgomery. : -
FIRST-CLASS custom shirt cutter; state refer-
ence and experience. Box 4535. Call office.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Barber: young man with 1 or 2
years' experience. Address box 4640. Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to SOc. £62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and ZA sts.
BUSHELMAN at once. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
BOYS, 14 years upward. Apply Glass Works.
Seventh and Townsend sts.
THREE waiters, steady work; 15 mlllmen; 20
lumber pliers; S ranch hands. 626 I n., Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, m Third st.; 150 large
rooms; Zsc per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard at.
BOT. 14 to II; maka himself generally useful
In factory. 721 Market et., room 15.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWINTthe well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledss; guarant-e.l
treatment $5: safe and reliable cura In one
day; 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home; low fee«. 1OO7? Market st.
DR. G. W. O'I>ONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for j-ears: treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^ Market at.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento at., cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and allmer.tj
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 13 m..
2 to 5 p. m. nnd 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DFL KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation fr»e. 1122 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours » a. m. to & p. m.
MRS. DR. V.'YETH. reliable specialist; horn*
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. $5; any ailment; consultation fre«: con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and LariOa.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladles' apecial-
lst: guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5: saf»
and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to 9.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseasee treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. t~>.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st., the eminent
female specialist: home or offlce treatment.
VI- VI— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
111S Market; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. end MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats ell dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED 11ATU9.
ANIDIOPIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles; ladies' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness eve.,
opp. St. Ignatius, room 22. front; na signs.
Address for boo'clet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — KOll SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-band machinery. Mo
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and aecanU
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-11)23 Mlssloa
«t.. above Sixth.
GROWING rubber la Mexico aurpessea richest
Klondike mine; $luo cash stock draws S per
cent Interest till crop cornea: worth $1.00
then; yields $1000 yearly thereafter: lnsteJl-
ment shares the poor man's bonanza; <i-a:.i
pays all Installments: life Insurance c!iu«:
each paid share is title to one acre rubber
trees- safest, most profitable investment,
small or large, on earth: no risk: crops euro;
unassessable; directors powerless to encum-
ber land; full particulars with Guide to
Wealth; other enterprises and good Jobs la
Mexico. Including colored map and rich photo-
graphs': $500 cannot buy elsewhere; not pos-
sessed by others; mailed postpaid on receipt
of $1 registered or money order. Address or
call on SUNSET CO-OPERATIVE CO..
agents. 22 1 » Geary st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Cut this out.
21 PUIJE white diamond horsesho* scarf pin.
$47. PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 2i Stock-
ton St.: will send C. P. I>.
WR want g«od clothes ard will pay big prices.
PORTLAND LOA.f OFFI«- E. ZZ Stockton St.
ONE a»contl-hand metal turning lame, planer.
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
rteam pump. Emery 3«ir; also ptpe fittings;
1 automobile, nearly completed: 1 second-hand
227-Ib Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines. boilers, water pipe, sha'tlne ouileys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
t DIAMOND rtnss: cost $300; sacrificed If aoM
at once or trade for tickets Cape Nome, Bex
_ 2752. Call offlce. Oakland.
GASOLINE engines; all sizes: second-hand:
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL BROS . 1W
Flm st.
A ** INE » ult - $10: dress pants. $2 75. MUfle
Clothing parlora. 437 Montgomery st.
LOOK at this— For sals, beautiful solid rolil
watch, $45; cost $WO. It Fifth St.
CASI* register; nearly new; cheap. 632 Market
st.. room 6.
SCHOONER of about fifteen tons cheap; la
good order. W. HIATT. 1150 Mission »t.
ONE water-Jacketed air pump; cheap; nearly
_nj^._JVVHITE._SI^ Mission st.
A ~.* 3 i^DERBY end FedoTa hats. $1 75. P-^P-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. P'n*.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and s<jW:
National and Hallwood. 1303 Mission, nr. .'th.
H J G H-ARM Singer sewing machtne: good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission. V- vttM -
FIRST-CLASS waitress. 207 Third st.
BUTTER, eggs. mi!k and delicacies: fine flx-
turev. paying business. 115 Sixth st.
GOOD-PAYING saloon: cheap on account of
departure. Box 4510, Call offlce.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED carpenter of experience, can
repair and polish furniture, as general work-
man: well recommended; will work for rea-
sonable wages by the month or week In hotel
or for a private family; city or country. Ad-
dress C. CARPENTER, box 4539. Call office.
EOfTftRIENCED younjr man wishes position in
creamery; can make butter and attend Pteam
boiler: good references. Address S. K.
LEWIS. 226:1 Alameda aye.. Alameda, Cal.
SITUATION wanted as coachman, gardener:
good horseman; good references. Addres3 box
3449. Call.
WANTED— An experienced apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 410 Kearny st., room 27.
GIRL for general housework; good wages;
small family. 816 Fell st.
PARTNER wanted with $1000; drur specialty;
can cl»ar over $500 per month. Box 4521. Call.
LONG established shoe Fhop for tale; fine loca-
tion; leave city immediately. 6n6 Eddy st.
$2uf>— CIGAR stand: splendid opportunity; good
location. See owner, 92 Minna, bet. 3 and 6.
AN oil expert has golden opportunity for party
with $1000 capital. Box 5. Call office.
A BRANCH oftlee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has' been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at
COTTAGES TO LET.
CALIFORNIA, 2Sl3— Cottage 5 rooms; bath,
large yard.
TO let for season — Furnished cottage In Santa
Cruz Mountains; orchard and shade trees.
McEWEN BROS., lib Montgomery st.
59 AND $10— Cottaces, 4 rooms; good order;
water free. Apply premises. 945 Brj'ant. or
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$12—4 4-ROOM cottages; pantry, bath, hot and
cold water: easy terms. 1322 Rhode Island st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— By young couple, sunny cottage
or flat, with stable. Box 4536. Call office.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlor*. 927
Market st. over Cafe Zlnkund— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from EOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
14 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL Eet of teeth on a rubber plate. J5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25: teeth
¦without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stroneer than rubber, warranted for 20
years: filllnss, &0c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth tt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have j-our extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice l-.ours, 9 a.m. to lfi^.m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIArfgQX. M.D.. Manager:
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 -years.
FULL eet of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
6ilver. 50c; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 9C3 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. llth— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new: teeth from $J
per set: extracting 50c: gaa given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns.
Jl. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. fi Eddy st.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk: painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor, 119 Third st.; crown-
bridge work: ext. painless; full set teeth $7
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full cet of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlnes and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
j YOUNG. 1141 Polk St.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundsys. 850 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United Pt.ite«. ni^tpaM. for II Per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR; CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills: by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
MO Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Doc Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60: all
nnlmnl« treated: df»c« hnwrt<»<l. Tel. V.'pst 638.
DHESSMAKEKS AM) MiAMSTHESSBS
EXPERIENCED misses' and children's dress-
maker; latest stj-les; 60c up. Box 4533, Call.
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking: late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
Frenth tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
| PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary st.: dresses
1 made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
I ACCORDION pleating factory. All. kinds pleat-
I lny. pinking. 121 Po«t. over O'Connor&Moffatt.
j EDUCATIONAL.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less Fuccessful. Room 810. 927 Market »t.
LATEST Alaska rocker with pump; be sure and
tee It. 3 Natoma ft.
CAPE NOME rocker: cheapest, lightest and
b»st: latest improvements. 1911U Mission st.
STATIONERY, school supplies; fine location;
near 4 school houses: low rent: clean, new
Ftock and fixtui<es. Box 4653. Calr
$20f.0 CASH or security; grocery and bar; fine
stock: gcod location; no agents wanted. 30
L'.ly aye.
YOUNG Klrl for general housework; small fam-
ily. 2225 Pacific aye.
REFINED j-oung lady desires position as nur-
eery roverness: good seamstress: small sal-
ary: country preferred. Add. box 4505. Call.
YOUNG Rirl wishes position to assist In offlce
understands typewriting. Add. box 4633, Call
YOUNG woman desires position as stenog-
rapher; ref.; wages no object. Box 4641, Call.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more ensage-
merts by ladies In confinement. MRS. WOL-
TER> IS2 Sixth st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires position as nurse
or, companion to lady en route for Paris:
knows French: no wages; city reference. Call
2623 California st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et. ; open until 9 p. m.
/nr.Ms wanted
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busi-
ness advice. 527 : 4 Post Ft.
SWEDISH woman wiohea a situation as cook
In private family. 415 First st.
TIJK California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to ir.ine ly the hydraulic
process ircrr< tr.e Red Dcv Mining Company
R.r.i South Yuba Water Ccnu>nny. in the Ke'l
Ucr ir.lne. r.'-rir You IW Station, Nevada
County, ti deposit tailhips in Greenhorn
Creek; frcm Martin Kl;ne, in the Eowlder
J"::i ir.lne. rear P:acrrv;!>. El Dorado Coun-
ty. tn deposit tailiiire in a ravine below the
jr.ine; frcm G. E. Volmer. in the Little Klon-
<!y»:s placer mii)e. rear Plarerville, El Dorado
Oour.tj", to deposit tailings In Coon Hollow
Creek, arid frcm E. W. llaydcn. In the Bluff
tracer mine, nr-ar Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
County, to derosit taihngs In a ravin* below
the tr.lne. give? nctice that a meeting will fee
held ct rocm 19. Flood building. San Fren-
circo. Oal.. on April SO, 1900, at 1:30 p. m.
ENGROSSING ~~~
Res*-«i:t!on« ard «lplomafi c rpe«lalty. J. W.
Ori'f.th. 1I»&1<1> mi*lne«i Collate. 24 Pw>t «t.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
COOK mining town, $S0; 2 second trtris $25
each- nurse to take care of Invalid and do
lisht second work. 525; 2 second girls, country,
S^S and $20; housekeeper, $30: boardlng-houia
cook $30; 25 women for country places, good
wa*es: HO houseglrls, city and country. MRS.
NO RTON. 313 Sutter st.
A— FIRST-CLASS waitress, commercial hotel,
$20. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, small country hotel. Sonoma
Co.. $20; fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl to sjsslst with housework and
cooking: must sleep home; $12. 853 Polk st.
WANTED— A competent second girl and wait-
ress; references required. Call Monday, be-
tween 10 and 12 m., at 2344 Derlsadero st.
SCANDINAVIAN younst woman, who can give
best of references, wishes to take care of
children for a lady traveling to Europe In
return for her fare. Address box 4509. Call.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
Enrllsh. wishes a position to take car* of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st
* HELP WASTED — 3IALE.
WANTED— Recruits" for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between th»
ages of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 fee;
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In heigh::
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
end speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
E3O X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires «lx to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season: only
Institution In the* world teaching this tra'V:
map of city and Illustrated cataloerua mai><!
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLSGE. «2i
Clay st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, et
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring; Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. V. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 13
-years' practice; Examiner bids.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket 700 rooms, 25c nlcht; reading room: fr«e
•bus end baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House come- Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and suhsrrtpttsns
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH office for the recentlon of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has beea opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisement* end
subscriptions has been established et 109€ Va-
lencla at-
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For S«le»
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, traggiea.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Majk-t.
527 Stxth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Anctloneera.
HANDSOME black carriage team, atands IS-J.
perfectly gentle; also 50 head of horsea weigh-
ing from 1200 to 1300 pounds, at Union Stable.
862 Howard st.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horsea et isn
end 162S Market St.. bet. Twelfth end Braiy;
elso some fine matched black teams.
LARGE frray mare. $35; also black horse. $20.
19 City Hall aye.
CAR of fancy working and driving horses. 11C3
to 1500 pounds, at 35 Dor« st.. near Ninth ea.l
Folsom.
FOR *ale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. 605 Oolden Gate ar.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: esnd for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1518. near Van Negs ave.— Suncy
house of 7 rooms, bath and basement; new"./
renovated; fine yard; stable; $30.
ELEGANT, sunny house near park; 8 rooms
end bath. Cor. Hayes end Devt.iadero ats.
HOUSE of 4 rooms: 208 Perry St.. near Fourth;
rent $7 50: weter free. Apply to G. H. X7STO-
SEN & CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 2 flats, either whol* or separate:
reasonable: 307 Fulton st. Inquire at iZ9'-i
Jessie St.. off Ninth.
TO rent— For the summer: complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, pars
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicle*: 3
mtles from St. Helena; h* mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANOE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal.: also cottaja
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
UPPER part of building at 623 Mission st.;
contains IS rooms.
1522 Pacific ay.; 10r..550 1136 Howard; 2?r... C 3
1610 California: 7r... 35 209 Grant ay.; »r..lJ<
HOUSES TO LET— Kt'IIMSHSD.
COMPLETELY ar.d elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster; 11 rooms and servants'
room; 7 bedrooms: sun In every room; every-
thing In perfect order: stable on rear street;
will rent for 6 months or a t»rm of years.
J. H. GILMORE. 323 Montgomery st.
HELP WASTED-MALB.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 684S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
MECHANICAL HELP
Carriage trimmer. $90 band sawyer, $130
7 blacksmiths, als3 some helpers. $2 50 day.
$35, $45. $50 and found; 3 wagonmakers, $2 50
and $40 end found; machinist, lathe hand.
city job. $3 day; carriage woodworker. $90;
gang edgerman.
FARMS. DAIRIES STABLES, ETC.
63 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for ell
part* of California. $35. $30. $26. $20 and fd;
COME SEE; 43 milkers and buttermakers.
$35. $30. $25 and found: 6 stablemen and 3
gardeners, $30, S4O, $25 and found: 29 chore-
men and boys, $25. $20. $15, $10 and found: 3S
men or strong boys to pull rhubarb, pick
peas. hoe. etc.. steady Job. fare 30c. $17 50
and found; gardeners, coachmen. 3 separators
for dairies.
COME. LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS. SEE
3SS laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, some in San Francisco, $2 and
$1 75 day. $30, $28 per month and found: 38
scraper teamsters $27 50 and found
..TO GOLD. SILVER AND OTHER MINES..
SS miners, different Jobs $75. $60 and fd
2 machine drillers $90
6 muckers for a gold mine $60
B3 laborers (no experience required). s4s and fd
16 laborers, you'll suit this mine. .$3O. $35 fd
643 TIEMAKERS AND WOODCHOPPERS 5«
$3. $2 50, $2. $1 75. $1 50. $1. 70c cord; 10c. 12c.
13c each: tools and provisions found: some
fares paid and at mines; Portuguess milker,
$35 and found.
" M. & R- SPECIAL LIST
Dry goods clerk. $40. country, see boas here
* milk wagon drivers $25. $20 and found
4-horse teamsters, haul milk. city.. s3o and fd
2 men or strong boys for & slaughter-house.
$20 and found: 365 Jobs not advertised.. COME
SEE. MURRAY Sc READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
A— HOTEL— BAKERY— LAUNDRY.
86 cooks— COME SEE-$5O. $45, $40, $33. $30 f<2
4 first, 5 second. 3 third bakers; also boys and
helpers. ...s4s. $40. $35. $30. $25. $20, $15 and fd
6 laundrymen. ironera. shirt backers, polisher,
etc $25. $30. $35 and found
Chore boys for bakery; experienced bakerj
wagon driver, city. $35 and found; barber,
country shop; porters, hotels and restaurants;
waiters, country hotels and restaurants, cltj
end country. $25, $30 and found and $8 to $1C
week; 8 ranch cooks. $15 to $30 and found;
dishwashers, kitchen help. etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Cley Bt.
A— SPECIAL SPECIAI
45 men, no experience required.
FARE PAID.
¦Wages $26. $30. $33 and $40 and found: youT
suit; no Sunday work; steedy Job. COME
SEE. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay
A No experience required on this Job end —
we pay your fare.
25 laborers for the mills, woods end yards oi
large company. $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
A— 2 FIREMEN for mine*, etc.. $52 M; top-
car man for mines. $52; 25 waiters. $30.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5... .104 GEARY ST.
Wanted Monday morning, at 7:30. with blan-
kets ready to start on train for the Coast Rail-
road, free fare ¦••<
stone masons $* * daj
rock laborers $2 a daj
teamsters -« a da>
« men to build fences $2 a da>
camp blacksmiths $2 60 to $3 a daj
blacksmiths' helpers ?$2 25 a day
camp cook $<*•
FREE FARE FREE FARE
MISCELLANEOUS
E0 woodsmen and laborers for caw mills and
woods. $26 to $35 per month and board, fare*
advanced, see boss here; machinist, country,
$3 a day: 6 blacksmiths, country, $2 and $2 5(
a day, $40 and $45 per month and board; 1C
miners, $2 50 a day; 10 farmers, $20 and $26;
upholsterer, country hotel, $30; 6 milkers, $25
and $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
French or Swiss second cook, country hotel,
$50; fry cook, $60: broiler. $55; head cook, fam-
ily hotel, $65; young man with some experi-
ence as apprentice to cook's trade, country
hotel, $25; second /cock, mine boarding-house,
$10; second baker, country hotel. $30; pantry-
man, country, $25; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands, city and country, $20. $25 and $30;
shampooer, country, $35 and found. C. It.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— TWO ehampooers for the springs. $35 and
$40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
EOO MEN wanted to-day; railroad work: long
Job: $2 a day: free transportation to the work.
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRY men. 3; must be ext>eriencea.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
STENOGRAPHER; bright: excellent refer-
ences; reasonable salary. BUSINESS WOM-
AN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
2 RELIABLE men for fruit ranches: good
wages to right parties; call early. BUSI-
NG ESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
MAN and wife for hotel on shares; must have
some furniture: reliable parties only. BUSI-
NESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
YOUNG man for oyster hous*: 18 to 19. BUSI-
NE&S WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
HANDSOMELY furnished house or flat; mod-
ern Imp.: In choice Western Addition location:
7to 10 rms.: r°f . ; no children. Pox 4.*.A4. Call.
LOST AMD FOOD.
fIOo"REWA R i>.
Lo?t en Wednesday. April W. 1300, a chain
bracelet of emeralds, earnets and sapphires,
set with diamonds. The above reward will
be t»al<l for the return of the bracelet to
BALDWIN & HOWELL, M Montgcmery st.
.LOST— On 11:30 a. m. Oakland b->at. lair's
Bold watch and chain: r>n one side n? watch
eneraved "C. S. 8.," on other »M.' diamond
crescent and star. Return to 525 California,
*t. ami receive llb»ra! reward.
LOST — A hatpin with an amethyst and diamond
top. Reward if returned to 2217 Sacramento.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market ft.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co-) buyj
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission; tel. Red 8351.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission: phone Black 4074.
EMI'LOYMEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation.
city or country: al?o first-class Swedish cook;
competent chambermaid and waitress; com-
petent woman with a child as working house-
keeper or housework In a small family, and
a number of housework girls and young sins
to assist await situations nt MISS CLL-
LEN'S Employment Bureau, 325-Sutt«*r Ft.
NEAT young girl desires situation as niira"-
Klrl or housework in small family: $15. MIS 3
CULLEN. 22."> Sutter st.
A YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day; also an English woman. E™"d cook and
hou^e worker. $15 to J2O. MRS. NORTON, 31J
Sutter st
SITUATION wanted — Reliable woman: good
cook and houselceerer: assist, with washing;
city or country; give reference. Call '< Ewitig
plao». of? I^aKuna Ft., bet. Pest and Sutter.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants position as cham-
bermaid, city or country, in hotel or private
family. Call 123G',£ Natoma, near Fifteenth
and Howard.
WOMAN wishes situation at housework and
cooking: good bread baker; wages $20. 1815
McAllister St.
WOMAN wants situation to take care of chil-
dren; city or country; best references. 944
MisFion st.
WOMAN wants work by the day housecleanlng
or washlntr. 579 Natoma Ft.
FURSITURB WANTED.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for aome high-
grade furniture and carpets. 14 Fifth st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED -AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life:
' while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
etery; the will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while In a perfect
trance; satisfaction guarantied by mail.
fciend stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk sL. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to S p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
frecret; *hows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: tips
on racea. 11C7 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: elves best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton t>t., near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92lH Mission, op.Mint.
CONSULT the sifted clairvoyant. 349^ Minna
St., near Fifth. -
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt., original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 25c; no sign.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
FURNITURE of four rooms cheap. 832 Olive
aye.: Monday and Tuesday evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
1 ranee. Kine Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
10-ROOM house partly furnished; furniture for
sale cheap. 540 Turk st.
PARTNER wanted with $600; can clear $150
month. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
GOOD-PAYING branch bakery and notion
More. COWING & CO.. 718 Market at.
SCO-HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath: 2 lots and
furniture; rents for $45 per month; at Han-
ford. Cal. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary vt.
308— SUNNT ccr.; 15 rooms; neat and clean;
clears $S0 n month. KREDO & CO.. 22Vi Geary.
GOOD cppcrtunlty: manufacturing business for
the restoration of hair and pate-nt medicines:
rii;htp snd patents all clear; will sell entire
plant or half interest In earae: Al Investment.
Brocklehurtt & Megladdery. W9 Market st.
QUICK sales is our motto.
Fh-ou'd ycu want to buy. sell or exchange any.
property or business, we are able to please
you in every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDERY. 719 Market St. .
$3SW- MACHINE WORKS FOR SALE
In the best town and mining district In Cali-
fornia; machinery and tools complete: owner
6lcU. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market ft. '
PARTNER in nice offlce business; light, pleas-
er.t work: short hours; can clear $'.00 a month
each: no experience required. JONkS & CO.,
J250- WANTED— Active, reliable man to take
interest In an old-establiehed commission
busimss that will pay from $75 to $100 per
month th» vcar round: no experience requir-
ed. Arnly" at 1016 Market st.. room 10.
CORNER grocery for sale: $1100; In the best lo-
cation of Oakland: plenty room for bar. with
a gplendld side entrance; good paying custom-
ers- business can be largely increased with
right management; full investigation. Address
box 2757, Call offlce, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS ealoon and lodging house <ur-
nithed for rent, within 1 block of Powell and
Eddy. ' For particulars apply to DONNELLY
& BRANNAN, wholesale liquor dealers, 1069
Mission st.
FUIIMTURK FOR SALE.
3 ROOMS and kitchen; completely furnished;
net rent $6; bargain; no dealers. C 1914 Steven-
son st., between Sixth and Seventh. «
FURNITURE of 8 rooms and Stelnway upright
piano: house to let. Southwest corner of Sut-
ter and Webster sts.
tSEETIXG NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lousre No. £2. F. end A. JB
M.— This (MONDAY) E\ ENINrt. at
7:30 o'clock. Third dpfixee. Master f\J\
Masons cordially tallied. By order oo f o
the W. U. WALTER O. A^VPEKSON. S<?c_
2iTNG~ioLOMON"S Lodge No. 260. F. «
*>r.a A. M.. Franklin Hail. Fillmore. »t..
bet. liu?h and Putter. St-ccnd degree /tj\
THIS EVENING Rt 7:SO. ' ~ A
HAIiRY BAEHR, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodg* Ka. 223. I. O. O. jcSg-*^--.
F.. vil! in:Uai<- THIS (MONDAY) r^£L_ <s»S
EVENING. Arril 23.
N. M PETEBSEN. N. G. TVt V
WM. E. wniCHHAKT. Rec Beo.
EXCKI.SIOR I^odje No. SlO. I. O.
O. F.. will initiate ou MONDAY =S?2!iSlr
EVENING. April ZZ. at Excelsior
Hai'.. :Z:i Mission Gt.. t^tween v
Nineteenth and Twentieth wts. Members end
vls'.tir.^ trc'l.rer. cordially invited.
W. J. BLACK. N. Q.
C. 3. MAUFER, Rec. Sec. pro tern^
6T. ANPrXT'P Seriety-Ar.nual P'.e- x C 7 >v
nlc will be held at Fairfax Park. 5), UU'7
near San Rar^el on ?ATURI»AY. \*X&*
May 12. l?'' 0. Round ir;:> tickets. t«^*
fc'-ic; children. 55c; to !•? had frum members.
WILLIAM BALNAVF.S. President.
A. H. PATTERSON. Secretary.
SJISSION Cfcar-tfr NoT irs. O. E. S— i
special ceetinsr THIS" < MONDAY*, at -m (\m
2:.,0 p. m.. fcr the purpose of conferring )B(K^
degrees. By n: Jer of the W. M. r^
MARY G. POSTER. Secretary.
ni'SI.VESS cnAXCEr,— Conilnned.
J2IOO— WINERY near the city; everything com-
plete: cooperage 30,000 gallons: buildings and
property Included: bartaln; departure cause
of eale. McLAI'GHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
$SCO— MECHANICS" Hotel, near the city; bar-
gain this day. McLaughlln & Co.. 777^ Mrkt.
j6fI_TAILOR thop; barsain; on account of
death. Bee McLaughlln & Co.. 777^ Market.
$200— CIGAR stand: good paying business. Mc-
I«AUGHLIN & CO-. 777H Market st.
BOARDING end livery stable, or will take
r-artner. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— RESTAURANT, money maker, for $250.
COWING & CO.. 713 Market Bt.
$14— FIVE sunny rooms; bath. 932 Capp tt..
near Twenty-fifth.
EDUCAJ[^O!^L.
A. HIGH grade School— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged In departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
•23 Market st.. Kan Francisco. •
GERMAN woman for light housekeeping and
care of two children; $12. 1515 Broderlck st.
TWO fancy Ironera. Occidental Hotel laundry.
LADY to take lucrative offlce position with
responsible house. Box 3413, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators
on pants. 541 Market st.
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
LADY to take charge of a department; must
be responsible; salary; security required.
Box 3073, Call office.
GOOD talloress to assist merchant tailor on
general work; good wages. Inquire M. SEIL-
K!l & CO., 8 Stockton st.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day end
evening class; Illustrated catalosue and map
of city mailed free; halrdreoslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63S
Clay st. ¦ '
WANTED— Experienced hands on skirts; also
Infants' wear. Cal. Underwear Co., 1020 Mkt.
¦ FINISHERS on custom pants; also appren-
tices; good wage*; steady. SCSU Jessie st.
GIRL for-general housework and plain cooking;
family Three: $15. IS26A Sutter st.
YOUNG lady who understands freehand draw-
Ing. M. KRAKER, 226 Bush St.
WANTED— A woman of culture and ability to
fill a responsible position. Box 4329. Call.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
wages $15. 2273 Filbert st.
YOUNG Rlrl to assist with light housework;
sleep home. Call 793 Mission st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In light
housework. 2241 Vi Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and good buttonhole
makers on custom coats; steady.\ss9A Minna.
GOOD finisher on men's coats. 1036 Howard
st.. first floor.
GIRL to assist in housework and help In candy
store. 2942 Mission st.
MORE drls from 14 to 16 to learn cigar mak-
ing; paid while learning. 303 Eighth St.
GIRL for general housework: small family; $15;
reference required. 1040 Ellis st.
GOOD tailoress on custom coats. Apply at
118 Montgomery aye.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking; paid while
learninsr. 1504 California st.
BAKERY store. 1105 Howard Et.; 4 rooms, with
larpe ovc-n and tools to let low; location excel-
lent.
WELL-ESTABLISHED brancn bakery, candy
and nction store cheap; reasons, going back
East. Sl6 Railroad aye. South.
HOME Vakery; old-established place; call and
p«>e: a fine chance for fancy baker. Box 4665,
Call office.
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wages $12
to $15. 1920 Sutter st.
CAPE SOME.
GIRL to assist in housework; no cooking. Call
at 1322 Golden Gate aye.
CAMP waxes paid about $S or $19 a day and
found. Call afternoons only, 1 to 4 o'clock,
at 20 O'Farrell st.. room 46.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, al! rented: near car houses ar.d
transfers; rent 53C; going to Cape Nome.
ISIS Central aye
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. EO9 Kearny St.. room 2.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth Gt.
*-"" W " LC - . MMR RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
THE l«"st spiritual medium In the city wants ndvice. names given; ?5c up. 5 Fourth St.
s financial backer, to travel. Box Sll4, Call ' UMF SYBILLE— CradI* to grave: future hus-
°"' ce - banrVn nlrturi' ?5c- ladle*. SH O'Farrell nt.
GIRL or respectable woman to assist In light
housework: references; wages nominal. 312
NEAT girl, not over 16. to assist with upstairs
work: care of child of 5 years. 1718 O'Far-
rell st.
RESPECTABLE woman v.ith a child wishes
situation to do general housework In coun-
try. US Clara st.
$18— UPPER fiat. S fooms end bath. 641 Castro
st., near Nineteenth.
A— KM*— PARTNER wanted; must be ateady,
reliable man; satisfied with $18 to $30 a^-eek;
no nl;ht or Sunday work; trial pivejr" before
buying. Apply at 9 Geary st., room 2.
A_j;<y>_HOME bakery for sale; near large
school; low rent; living rooms; money made
here. C3CS Twenty-second St.. near Valencia.
A— SALOON: offer wanted: fair stock; neat
fixtures: good business; living rooms: rent
reasonab. ; leaving city cause sale. C 66 Mission.
FOR eale— Half interest In an old-established
hay snd grain business. Address box 4625,
Call office.
$12-COTTAGE of B rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath, $13. 2524 California st.
ATTENTION!"^.^.~.7Z^.~ REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant. - ¦
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Blclt Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervoug affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk cf the whole slope.
WRITE
If ycu cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and Fatlsfactory, and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly confidential. ?„_,
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
eve.. East Oakland. Cal.
jj B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry end get
off 'at Clinton StatlOE, second station from
Broadway.
MRS ELLIS, business and prophetic medium:
sit.. $1; clr. Ft!., t p. m.. 25c. 233 Valencia.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. dally; consult, free;
meeting to-night; all Invited. 148 6th. rm. 1.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium; 43 Sixth;
circle every evening: 10c: sittings dally.
MRS. j. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. HO* Market.
FLATS TO LET.
6PIRITUAXISM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.
BAX FRASCISCO CALL.
BpsnCESS CTFICE cf the San FrancUco
fell, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
KTMI 32 oTdock every nigrht in tte yew.
Br.ANCTI OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
ermer Clay: cpen until f:59 p. m.
SOO Hayes Rtreei; open until S:80 p. m.
CSB McAllister rtreet; cpen until 5:30 p. nv
fli Lerkin Etreet; cpen until »:30 p. m.
IS-il Mission ptreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
TXI Jiark-t Etreet. corner Eixteenth; open
«r.t!l * p. ra.
106 Eitvrr.ih street: open ur.ta > P- n>.
:fSC Valencia rtreet: open until J p. "I
IZ^t Po:k nreet; cp^n ÜBtH 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second end Kea-
turky flree!?; cpen iirtil 9 P. m
FIiATC TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNITURE bargain— Elegant furnishings of
6-room flat on Van Ness aye.; rent $35; never
been used; Axmlnster carpets; solid mahog-
any parlor- furniture; round dining table;
brass bed. cost $55. Inquire H. J. MOORE,
1039 Market at. .
GROVE. 1623, sunny side— « large rooms, bath,
pantry; completely furnished; large yara;
$32 50 ; less for term.
EMPLOyMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPA-NESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over nve years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help turn. ; tel. John 2121. SO6H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4Uyj O'Farrell Bt.; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Best help. 417 Powell Bt.. telephone Clay !>o.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42« Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 507 Z.
WANTED— A girl for housework and cooking.
Apply at 2604 California st.
DRESSMAKING hands wanted at 1407 Laguna
street. __,
GIRL for cooking and general housework. 2023
Sacramento St.; call between 9 and 12.
WANTED— Younc saleswoman In bakery: one
with experience preferred. 2232 Mission st.
GIRL for'housework and cooking: $16 a month.
MRS. GOODBAN, 1117 Van Ness aye.
FIRST-CLASS tailoreps. L. LEVY TAILOR-
ING CO.. 124 Ellis et.
GIRL to work at dressmaking. 357 San Jose
avenue.
YOUNG American girl for general housework;
small family. 511 Cole, opp. Chutes.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted at 1323
Stockton st.
THI3 library cf South Africa— '"British-Boer |
War." ty r>r. Mackenzie, who was born In I
Africa, i'durnled In America; gives the true'
:r.v.«rv!ne?R of the cautes cf the war. life .
rjEong the Br>«r*. their Ftrantte religious ci:s- '
toms ar.d deecrtptloa of .he country: agents I
wanted .everywhere. THE J. DEWING CO.. 1
San FranciF^o, Cal.
CANVAfPKR— Good lnduFtrlors man; straight
salary; i» to 11. M 6 Market ft., room 42.
EXPERIENCED building and loan egent*. !
Koora i«o€. ciauf Bprerkeli building.
A OOOIj proposltioa lor ladles or gentlemen.
:-*i Vr.rkft ft. j
ASTROLOGY.
I
PROF. A. SCASEST of Esryrt. rreatest estrol- i
oclf* p-nd l'a!mt.--t In the world; satisfaction ;
gurtrantfed. 15 Powell »-t. j
ATTOII\EYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W. ¦
HOWE, a try at law. £50 Market, cor. Stocktn. !
tv. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-iaw; tele- !
phone Davis 27.4. 410 Kearny St.
ADVICE free: no char;r» unless successful. W. '
W. DAVIDSON. £27 Market et.. opp. Mason. ]
r. H. MEKZBACH. attrmey-at-law. has re- !
rumed practice at ibZ Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. S. CUIIK. Emma Ppreckeis bid*.. 927 Mar- ]
V.f\ ft.: toumttattoa tree*: M feea in advance.
_ BATH CJIUNET— IJOT AIU. VAPOR.
r.OBINSON S5 4-panel folding; door opens firm
ar.d safe. W. S. »":OWN. sen. agt.. 42« Eills.
C£LGIA> HAKES.
ARrTvE?)— PALACE ROYAL, i n: r^rtedTecore
fcs. fi prizes, lee S2l; to approved does only.
Prir.ce Alfred, imported, score S3-«. fee $15.
Blenheim, lee $10.
Klorfiik" Kasxet Jr.. fee $5.
Come and roe tteee four grar.d bucks: does
frcrri l^st Ftrair.p, bre.i and ur.bred, always on
fcend ; visitors weir-^me.
VICTORIA P.AHniTRY. 1277 Seventh aye..
East Oakland: telephone Brook 371.
AT F. E. MASON'S. 17!0 Everett tt.. Ala-
mei»— --LORD BSSEX." Imported, fee J»;
"Teddy Roosevelt." winner first prize Los
AngeVe. f^e 135; "Dandy Ptyles," own eon
of "Fir Btjrl*e.r fee 115: "Britain Prin^."
own fon nt "Lord Britatn" and "Avalanche."
!>e li:-; "General Washington" (heavyweight).
por» of "SHar Buck," lee *1C; does bred to
there bucks' from JlO up: cioeed Sundays.
THE lariat end beFt-equipr>ed rahb'.trj' north
oi Loe Acceles; imr>orte-d Belgian hares;
v.-hcieFai" and retail; fa?Mor:a.t>le strains of
deported bucks pn-1 <lij<»s Hlways o:i hand;
tiurse dr.es; a *full line nf rubiiitry supplies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
GO-Cll Golden ««p.te ay»., S. F. ; tel. South
CSL IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
BOSS Rabbltrv. 31=15 Howe ft.. Oakland— Thor-
oughbred Belgian hares, hreedlnjr do?s; younir-
ffrs for talp from the following strains: Yu-
kon. Lord Bocbftele, Klondike Nugget and Red
Bcvereisn; Britirh King at service; visitors
welcome: take Mountain View cars.
HAWTHORNE RABBITBT, 460 Teylor aye.,
AJamt-ila. <"al. — Headquarters for fine p^dl-
preed Belgian hares; all prices. Grande Dash
• imp.*, service Jl5. Inspection of stock so-
licited. T. D. RAYMOND, Prop.
ATTENTION— TREMONT BELGIAN HARE
CO., 2134 Fillmore St.. Pan Francisco, Cal.
Fend 6 ctr.ts in stamps for book on ca»-e and
feeding. The cheajtst and best treatise on
the Fuhject.
6ALEFROOM for the Ixiurel Dell Rabbltry.of
fialinas. Cal.. at the Montgomery Market. 735
Mark'-t 5t.; ceents fcr the Meadow Brook
Belgian Hare (Vmipany of Los Angeles.
lIAPCOT RAHBITRY. <27 Sutter St.. S. F. Fine
pediirreed Ftock guaranteed; at reasonable
prices; eerWfp. $15 and $25.
KOR eale — Pedipreed Belgian hares; from $5
upward. MARKET-ST. RABBITRY. W. C.
EENTHAM. proprietor. 1E22 Market st.
JiOEEMONT Kfifcbitry. 26 Map!e court. c£ 14th.
fcbove Guerreo— Breeding does, $12 TO up;
yourxgrters. H yp: large etock; finest strains.
THE Enc'r.£l Rabbltry. Haslett &. Bew. 1222
Greni et., Alarr.eda.; correspond, solicited.
itOAItDING FOR CHILDREN.
TOTTNG couple would like to take charge of a
little girl es companion to their daughter.
41 Julian eve., near Fourteenth et.
GOOD home for a cht!d, with German widow.
I£2 Hickory eve., near Oougti.
BOOKS NEW A>D OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanges.
Holme. R-r,k rv. . m 4 ».n«*f"n rt. near Third.
8UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
V and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
rUWIBAIi DIBEOTOB3 AND BXBALKXKS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. '.
And in accordance with law and an order of
the Brard of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. ISCO. co many shares of each parcel of
? •fh as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company. 22C Market street. San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April. 1900. at 3
p. m. of uuch dny. to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with cotts o< adver-
tising nn<l expenses nf the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. P«^y.. 22S Market ft.
DIVIUI3M) XUTICKS.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 1M (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company.
227 Market St.. on and after Tuesday. May 1,
lfrOO. Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
April 25. UflO, at 1 o'clock p. m.
W. V. K. GIBSON. Acting Secretary.
Bt'ICNETT. U2G Market Ft. (old No. 120!)— Fur-
rlthr.l rms.. BUlteii. single; also unfurnished.
C A R ROLTON. I2CS Market, cor. Gohi <^ri Gate
ay». corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
FELL. 2Sl— Furnished rooms; private family;
home comforts.
GKART. 405 (The Navarre)-Elegantly furnlsh-
ed rooms: suites or slngl"; travelers accom.
GOLDEN' GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely furn.
front room: water: private: gent.: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, coutheast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rocms, en mite or
finple; ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GREEN. 417— N«at, large furnished room. $4 59.
HANCOCK HotsE. 7SI Mission st.— Select
family rooming houre: $1 50 to $* per week. •
lIANOVEIt House, S27A Howard— Changed
liandc: newly r»"nov3t«-d; housekpg. and sine-
HOWARD. *2»— Hooms from $1 week up to $5;
7Sc to SI night: also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE. liM— Nice eunny alcov* room; • also
hair Ic*. k *o line and Btoanrj n.uhirc else will;
Si<- little. 11. LKUEIt-ER. 123 Ktocktcn et.
OTCI.T J4 lor B2ic 21-inch switches this week.
Lcderer> I'camo Shampco Sc pkg. : r.»at par-
]¦¦>;¦-¦ r.r*: t J-.ai^rf-^Elr.g In towu. 20c only;
r:jan)f!;rir.r. -'¦"- G. L»SPEBER,\IO Stockton.
WHS DIl L. LJUIIGER, late matron of Cer-
tain BoppmJ, N. T., upeclallrt fur bladder.
kldoFV ttJn <llm»cscs an<l canoer: ot!l"C 105
Fourtb « A testimonial: Wm. Owterhold. San
"etro Orphan Asylum, «*>«: 1 had cancer en
jiiv l«ft iez. I w*is trcatt^l by Mrs. Burner.
"HJ Fourth .-t.. an. l certify that I was cured
in a pl.ort t!m^. V'm. Qgterhold. San Mat<-o.
Xv^rVcant "rtiit for $13 75 from Imported or do-
*£^Uc rernna^t*. L. LnMO«. HIT Market St..
t»t»«in ;:cv»tirh and KiS*!! 1 !;
T»"'Tv"vTK d'tr-ctlve work; reasonable rates; JO
J- "¦ » AY - »" Jer ' ! " gt -
CURLED rr waved hair can be Quickly obtn!n«*d
hi- uMrx Talcuf Ou-ling Fluid: :Zc bottl«.
FHFli— M ™ M-'tti- lreatrnents free; cures all di»-
+au*. iQT.'.i Market >t.
jjjpc hHKLI/ON. thlrojtodist and business ad
rice. K9 Market et.. second floor, room >T.
rA c T-OFr r-tcthinc, old poM and sliver bought;
pcUl. COLEHAN'S. m Kearnr -t.
UOOMS TO LET — Kurn. and Cnlnrn.
A-nRUNSWIcihTTIOUSEI iTr^sTncth^-RoonTi
2^. t'j Jl j<er ntEht; :i 21 to ».. p*r week, ar.d
lithi hou»ek>^plng; npon all night.
A— 'Tim ELMKU HOUSE." 314 r.ush St.. ad-
Joining th» Hue* Hotel; £4 rooms; all prices.
i*l:hsoxai.s.
A— l GUARANTEE to pvm:an»ntly remove the
tnort Ktubbom grcwtH of auperfluous hair by
»!ectri>lv*t«-; rail and Investigate my treatment
tiiat CTilarst-y an l fully oev«-Ior« ttM bust and
Ti*vl:: free tr<-n:>nent Ihfn week. MISS ISA-
!*,}«- !:.\:.I:K"T. lrrr Market, op. City HalL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
Weather Report.
120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 22, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the earn- dats
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: L.,t This Last
Stations- » hours, mmi •e««™
FVreka. *- w 41.9% 33.13
Reel Ftluff" 0.9 X 1.71 W. 37
&ecVmenV::::::::& e cVmenV:::::::: «.oo »:« »:«
l$JT nclsco :::::: «% '•« &
Independence". O.CO 2.73 1.1«
San Luis Obispo O.W 15.82 14.^7
Los Angeles Trace «.O4 4..1
Diego Trace 3.6* 4.i>B
Yuma 0W) ° 79 1M
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
SI: minimum. 43: mean. 54.
¦WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Slope, except In Northern California,
where it is fair. L'ght rain has fallen In the
western portions of Washington and Oregon,
and rain with snow in the mountains Is fall
ing over the Rocky Mountain region.
The pressure has risen rapidly along th*
North Pacific coast and fallen elightly la
Southern California and Western Arizona.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary on the Pacific Oust and fallen de
cidedly over the Rocky Mountain region.
Conditions are favorable for showers alons
the Sierras and In the mountain regions of
Southern California Monday and fair-weather
in the great valleys and along the northern
"Forecast made «t San Fmnclsco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 23, 1900:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
showers along the Sierras; warmer: fresh
northwest wind. _ • , . .
Southern California— Cloudy and threatening,
probably with showers in the mountains Mon
day: brisk northwest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloddy Monday.
Utah— Rain, with snow In the mountains
Monday.
Arlxona— Rain in south portion, scow In
north portion Monday; cooler In north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer
Monday: fresn northwest wind. '
, %' O. H. WILLSOX.
Local Fortcut Official.
rALSii*iTHV.
SUSIE. N«-rsaard Prte. St. Germain College of
ralmUtry: reads 1 to S. CIS Geary, nr. Jones.
A BRANCH office for Call r.Jv^rtlsements and
fUbSTljitic^ns has teen established at ICC-6 Va-
lencia sf.
torr-iciis A\t? sxonus — to let.
ti .......
UatGK rtrTtf <^rner Seventh and Natoma;
u»ed SO yrr. nr. prcc-err and saloon; reasonable.
VALENCIA. SS3. near Twr-nty-Crft— Large ele-
rant etcre: r*-ar roonrs; lary* basement.
Ton rem^nwra-vt orf.rrs in Y. U. C A.
bulldins. y.a^on and E'.il* sts.
IIISKKELI'V UliAl, ESTATE.
FINELY furnished house of 12 rooms to let: In
the \-ery choicest part of 15-rkeley; references
reouircd. MASON & McLENATHEN,
Adjoining H- O-. Herkeley.
NEW houses for rent: only 4 blocks from Uni-
versity zrounds; all the latest Improvements.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoinlnj P. 0., Berkeley.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ARRIVED.
SUNDAY. April •&
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, 57 hours from Vlo-
Stmr Alcazar, Faseriund. 40 hours from 8»a
st^J- Noyo. Tosnn. 14 hour* from Tort Braart.
Stmr Pomona. Paraona. 17 houn from E»-
r 's*mr South Coaat. Olsen. U hours from AJ
srmr Cleon^. Mads«n. 14 hour* from Caspar.
Stmr Oe© Loomis. Brt(SKet^ 42 hour» from
Stmr G!d«7. Lelaad. 10 hours from Mom
Stmr Coqullle River. Thompson, m days frora
Shr Bender Bros. W*t»el. a^4 days from O>
"^clTr Newark. B«clc, 13 hours from Bowea*
Schr^Xettls Sundb«nr. Nelson. 13 hoars from
Schr Mary C, Cfcmpbell. • hours from Tort
Rom.
SAILED.
SUNDAY". April XL
Br stmr Blo»mfonteln. Blelloch. Seattla.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoctno.
Stmr Jeanie. Ma/on. Seattle.
Stmr Macknlaw. Littlefleld. Seattle.
Stmr Dispatch. Johnsen, Eureka.
Tug Samson. Stream. Astoria, wljs b*rr«
Washtena «n tow.
Ship Indiana. Patten. Bristol Bay.
Haw bark R P Rlthet. Maephall. Hoaohxln.
Schr Guide. Olsen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr J B Leeds, Nielsen. Aberdeen and Oolo
vln Bay.
Schr G>m. Nelson. Coob Bay.
Schr Rio Rey. Jchnsen. Bowens Lasdlnf.
Schr Western Home. Daewerit*. Coo« Bay.
Schr Reliance. AnAndsen. Iversess Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. ADrll 23. 10 x>. m.— Weathef
hazy; wind NW. velocity 13 mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT OAMBLB-Salled April 23-Schr R©T
Somers. for San Francisco; schr Admiral, for
Guayaquil.
ASTORlA— Arrived April B— Br ship AHertoa.
from Honckons.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 22— Br shl»
Bredlck Castl». from Port Townseod: schr Ad
miral, from Guyaqutl; *chr E X Wood, hsne*
PORT TOWN3END-- Arrived April 13— Bktn<»
Katie Flickinger. from Dutch Harbor: Or
stmr Miles, from Victoria: Nor stnur Eldsvold.
from Shlmoneski: ship Emily Roed. from Hong
kong; Br »hlp Charles Coteswortb. from Baa
Jon* d* Guatemala.
galled Ar-ril 22— Schr A M Campbell, for Bal-
Urd: schr Roy Somers, for San Franciscoi,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 22— Schr Jessie
Stella, from Gr«T» Harbor.
Sailed Acril 22— Schr Marlon, for Taeoma.
USA L— Palled April 22— Stmr Newsboy, tor
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAM ERS.
YEW YORK— Arrived Asrll 22— Stmr Cohrni
blan. from Liverpool: stmr La Touralne. fron»
Havre: stmr Taurtc. from Liverpool: itmr
Staatendam. from Rotterdam.
Sailed April 22— Stmr Kaiser XTllhelm 11. for
Naples, etc.
QV EEN STOW N— Sailed Aurll 23— Stmr Loca*
nia. from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed April 23 — Strar
Frelderlch der Oros»e. from Bremen, for New
T MAV«AE-eanea April n— fltmr City «
Romt. Croa Ol*»f tnr. tot Ktw Tork,
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property: 93x
160: on Mission St.. near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner, box 210 < >. Call.
TYPEAVIUTEIIS AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL makes of standard typewriters from $23
to $45; guaranteed: send for samples of work.
L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
KOO^FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street: 3 blocks from
rtation and school; terms $100 cash, $10 per
month.
jjgoO—Xew modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near nation and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
$ICOO cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000:
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ON' account of Immediate departure, will sac-
rifice on *asy terms. Ideal liom». 8 rooms,
reception hall, finished basement, summer-
house, lawn*, larye grounds. 1182 Broadway.
ALrASIEDA HOUSES.
1-ROOM house; barn and chlck»n house at-
tarhM; In Alcmeda; a pleasant home. Inquire
ir»u Kichth st.
ALAMKDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house of 8 or 9 rooms: large
grounds: convenient to station. Box 4635. Call.
Jl. FFW 4a-f only— New planes. $2 IA per mo.
SCCTT-CUHTAr, PIANO CO.. 5?3 Hayes st. .
CHAW IW ti Pteir.wav uprlcht: maft b» sold
by; party ieavine city. r.o«jrr. IS. Fl-jori hlig.
THE D'a 1^ to buy a covl hi-cond-hand piano:
115 up. S. K. iirsic Co.. 2tl Sutter ft.
COOD F'^~l;er; great harga'.n SCHMIT2i. 1«
:4cA!*.:»ter et., next Hibern'a RaaX.
FINE Fi!"~h^ "and Ste!n«ay cpright; pacrinced.
KEEFFE'S', 103 Vyi r.'egg aye.. nr. Geary tt.
V." G. EADOER, 4:2 FdTSK'nto *t.. agent for
Franc:- Bacon nr.d Haliett ft I>avls rianos.
C-^tOP uprirtit r'.*no: nearly r.ew; cheap
TTOnNT'NO'?. 216 McAllister *t.
EtrPKIUOR violins, sithers. old and r.ew. II
"IIIiLEB, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
HOWARD, 761 I!— Nicely1 !— Nicely furn. sunny bay-win-
dow; other rooms; man and wife; moderate.
HTDE. 40S— Sunny front parlor suite for house- ;
keej'lr.*; al«o front sunny banement suite.
IVY aye.. 223. near Franklin— 2 eunny furnished
rooms: Eir.k: ttove; $9 monthly.
JESSIE. 311W — Housekeeping rooms, furnished
and unfurrishM; aleo pleasant single rooms.
KEARNY. 223. near Sutter— A front suite. $12:
pas, janitor sen'.ce free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN. irsoT — Two or three eunny furnished
rooms : gas stove, running water.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521-2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or ur.fernii'he'J. for housekeeping^ ;
MARKET. li,ti— Large rocm ar.d kitchen, fold-
ing bed. $10; 4 small rooms unfurnlbhed, >19.
MINNA. 2«— Furnished housekeeping and single
room!!: 7ic and $1 per week. •
MIPPION, iC'Z— 3 or 4 sunny furnished house-
kt-f-ping rooms: use of bath: yard: laundry^
NOH, li.t. n^«r Marlf»t— 2 sunny bay-window
rms.; tno<!»rn cor. Rat: range, bath, tubs; $13.
OAK. 119— Sunny parlors furnished for house- :
kof-;;InK; rang*, running water; two heds; $14. ;
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window; closets, gas stove, mantel; SlO.
OFAHHELL. IC— Nicely furnirhed. sunr.y par-
!r.r fiocr: 2 to B rooms; hous'kpg. or otherwise.
POWBLLu 140: — 2 or 3 !ar*», sunny rooms for i
hoTif=e!terping. with gas and l>ath. j
PRIVATE family desires tenants for 3 r.leely
furni»hfd co::r.ect!nt rooms. ccmD'ete for
housekeeping; very reasonable. Hox 4eiJ. Call.
SIXTH,* USA— 4 eenneeUnc rooms, with piano.
fnrnished for housekeeping: gas.
SOUTH PABKt 184— Large sunny front rocm
for housekeeping or single room.
TURK. :;0— Four rooms for housekeeping; fur-
niture for sale cheaD.
TWELFTH. v:>— Sunny furnished front suites
of 2 and 3 rooms for* housekeeping.
CLAP^n'IED advertltements ;mj rubscrintlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmorw.
A BRANCH office for th* reception of adver-
tlsemenis and subrcrlpllons >;as been opened
lit 12*3 Polk, nil open ur.tll 9 p. m.
Shipping Intelligence.
Knights of the Maccabees.
A series of contests in the degree work
are being arranged by the tents of this
city and each will be on Us mettle.
Arrangements are being made for the
reception of Lady Eina West, supreme
record keeper of the Ladies of the Mac
cabees, which will be held in Golden Gate
Hall on the evening of the 24th Inst. All
the hives and the tents will participate.
San Francisco Tent is reported as still
on the increase. At the last held review
two strangers were initiated by the team,
which did its work in a manner that won
much praise for it. The contests between
the two recruiting teams of this tent is
still on and Captain Greenberg of th©
Apaches is in the lead. At the revi«w on
the 13th inst. the tent was visited by the
entire membership of Pacific Tent.
A LARGE rubber cf pianos jet remain of the
lianrltor.-Bancrort etock: Steinway concert
r-»~is. Cfclckerfnx, Ha'.'.ett <t Davis, ElHag-
- etc.: squares. 125 up; uprights. i:o up:
tsr'jos. 60c up; guitars, tl up: mandolins, t:
•up. Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms, 30S-332
pr ? t st.. cole sgest Eohmer ar.d Byron Mauzy
7.£r. s. .
AUSOX/CTEXiY the cl<!»st mr.A largest house
i.eft cf aiicago is KOHLEU & CHASE'S.
IS 2S ans SO O Farre'.l «.; pienos. organs and
e.!l other musical ISStmSM&tI of all grades
ar.d prices: teiTic easy; prices lowest: every-
thinz rctslble done to pleate aad satisfy the
cus*.cr:;er
KN'ABE r:a^c*: r.ew scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & <:ii*SE. SO OFarrell st.
>. BON A FIDE r'.3.nt sale (fcr rtorage)— UprigM
tra. Tt.o». Call plar.o O. A. B. Chaae. stein-
way and others; al^o 2 carloads fine. new.
L-jch-grafie pii.r.( s Jart frcm K. Y. factor;', ln-
v»Lii*"l for party here but now stored with us.
to fee fold et factcrr price* to cave 6torage:
rysh pr installments: dealers' profits saved;
c^rre r*» WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
TVILL s*:; for storage, upriglit, ISO: Thos. Ball
r-:ar.o S2O: A. H. Cna«e. Bteinway atid
others. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
CONSIGNMENTS 'rom a plar.o factory to b«
r-frvef-vi out fit a great nacrift^e on acco'iut of
fire. Room I 1?.I 1 ?. Flood building.
IS9 SAVF.D- 100 pianos at ¦ sacrifice; Install-
n:«t« R 7:: rents tZ. HEINE'S, m Eilis st.
jr~EC— FOR rf-r.t— V'.tii cptlffht plana; or Bell
cheap. Z'.Z Kearry ft
GUERRERO, 1147— Sunny suite of rooms and
kitchrn. furnished; reasonable.
HATES. 461— Four newly furnished rooms; bath,
piano;' JIS; aleo three others, til 50.
FIFTH. :<S— Two nice housekeeping rooms;
rent chear.
FIFTH, ZZ3— Furnished housekeeping. 2 con-
necting. 110; 3 correcting. »12: single. t5 up.
FOLSOM, S34— Large sunny bay-window room;
kitchen, closet*, bath; everything private; Jl3;
alcove. $14^
GEARY. 1011—4 unfurnished aunr.y rooms; par-
lor floor; bath; reference.
A rEVf of ow mar.y "iais:
S-nrjkV. uvright »*»
Ettey oprtgtit: *pt-cia! tr.ap wt
fcfcfc r-iriprt: excellent -^
Eterites upright: Sn«* 213
VofcC upr -.jht; *i 0
l"a?v --svir.e-ts; pianos for rent. EENJ.
OURTAZ £ s"ON. :6 OFarrell rt.; Chickerlng
agency.
ROOMS FOII HOCSEKKfiFIXGj
CALIFORNIA. 2J2J— 2 or 1 eunny furnished
rooms: light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged; private family.
COMPLETELY furnished parlor, two bedrooms
and kitchen; rent only $12. Including water.
Apply at 615 Second st.
The Amo hydraulic mine will soon be
operated asain. It is two miles east of
Alarysville. It was opened up two years
aco when a restraining dam and a quar
ter of a mile of three-foot flume were con
structed. Under the present plans the
dam will be raised before mining will be
The State Antl-Debrls Association has
decided to make a complete classification
of the hydraulic and sluice mines of the
region tributary to the Sacramento.
Feather, Yuba. Bear and Cosumnes
Tuoiumne County news Is as follows:
Extensive work will be performed on the
gravel claim near Hamilton's. The Rhode
Island has started up again. The north
extension of the Hope will soon be started
up Boston parties have bonded the.
Starr King mine. Just north of the Provi
dence, and will work It soon.
In Calaveras County the Lone Star mine
will soon resume. A bond has been se
cured for one year by J. E. Burton on
the No Nigger Hill mine.
Notes from Amador County follow: Ef
fort Is being made to buy the old Eureka
mine at Sutter Creek from Mrs. Hetty
Green. The Mountain Kinc f mine at Pine
Log has been bonded for $12,000. Knight
& Co. are building the new hoist for the
Baliol mine. A depth of 1673 feet has been
attained at the Central Eureka. Sutter
Creek. At the Kennedy the new east
shaft is down 1300 feet: the forty-stamp
mill Is in constant operation.
TO ARRIVE.
SILMCAL IMSTUCMEXTS.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3000 ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGE
list.
N. D. SICKELS-the LAND AGENT—
18 Geary st.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo are.. 3 miles
rscrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the flTe. tV.D to J2OO. Call for
mars, etc.. m G. W. HATGHT. 401 Cal. St.
RANCII TO REVT^
FOR~renT^l2 n^res~cf~fir.ely cultivated orchard
*nd house of 9 rooms: all modern improve-
ments : would be suitable for summer board-
ing place; rent reasonable. Address DR.
CONRAP. ;n6 Ocarv st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WE have a large list of city and country prop-
erty for ¦ exchange: Send for catalogue.
PCHWEINHAKD & CO., »17 Market, ritn. 1-t.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Mi?rnn.ANnois — for sale
A~O~'>iri.T:TU outf.t of 2d -h7nT7a^sa«e"ina "-
cMr.ery. Mclntosh & Wolrman. ll'o Fremont.
r<'l'.7> t'LU rncir.es. boilers; iron and wood
planer*; lathes. M-hand. J. Burke. I3 I .* Beale.
A NEW Typewriter; latest model:
:h«-ap. Type-vriter Exchange. 409 California.
N"V.' and *<»ccnd-hand Mot machines bought
khJ o^i-1. W. C BENTHAM. 1532 Market et. j
A IC-TON Fairbanks Fcais and flre and burg-
lar-: root safe. 2;s California st.
6A!"F;?-Nfw an<s Feccnd-hard. THE HER-
• MANN FATE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FECOND-lIAN'D f r-rrcor safe; 1 fire and burz-
lar-prpot info: rhcan. <! Main st.
SATES, new *-1 sercr<J-har.d. all siz«s. THE
WALT 7. SAF;:. UP-in Market «t.. i'an Fran. ;
ONK 4-Fidfd ftlrker: 1 p'anw and matcher: I ''
a:r con-rir^sf-jr: j !o/"cmotlv#s. C2O Fremont
EPISON evr.crt rVr^prapb. r r«ce reduced to I
HOC: ror,r,-:t r«rrd«. tt W. BACIQALUPI. j
iC3 V-irVrt »».. Srn rrar-.ri rrr. j
MISCELIUAXKOrS \VA>TS.
T.ia "^'••^T^d^TTuTr^sr^iTts.' 1 ' port^
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Ft nekton; will call.
VTANTEP— F«ccTia-h*rd urrigM piano for
'•afh. H. L. WTfTTrnrAP. ITi» Marltet *t.
VjjttOXEf TO I,OAW.
ji n Y~pro "pos : tlnn.t In n . arr amount; 6 per cent; first.
MCB3O mcrtcage*. estates in probate. Interest
tn estates, l^cuoles. corporation Jeans, chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSIiN. room 3C. firrt flor.r. Chronicle bldg.
ANY emour.t at € per cent: Ist. 24 and 3d mcrt- '
ptces. i:r.<J'vt<!ed SntTcrt. real estate in pro-
bate; mortsJtKf* *nd iega'*''** bought: no de-
ls y; gft my terms before doirr business else-
v.f^iT. n. McCOWAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3. j
UI'SHLY rejg>gctabl« r*"'> va te pla<*e to obtain
iibcrr! advance! or. d'.itmf-r.ds. Jewelry at low-
est rctt-s. Baldwin J»w*;ry Ptor*. Mfi Market i
ft.; tet M*:n I€ 4». liranch 19 Third ft.
iIOPT r»!!p.W* place to borrow on diamonds.
witehe*. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 S'.xth:
richest price for c.d geld, silver, diamonds.
XNY fiir.ount by private party on furniture and
piano* : t. -> removal; low rates; confidential.
PONTI.'LI, Conservatory blJg.. 130 Powell st.
ON r»-a; estate, Ist or 2nd mortgage*, and on
fumitur* or pianos: no removal: any amount;
I iiv<?st rates. BECKER & CO.. 25 Montgomery.
AT Zl't Eearry St.. ro-ra 9. respectable private
place to borrcw r-n watches, diamonds; lowest
rar«>s; tak« elevate r. Tel. Pavis P?i
ON furniture ar.d p'.ar.os without removal: quick
service ; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
N and €S. Dcnohce fcu!ld;ns. 1170 Market et.
LOANS made en furniture at m per cent: also
Joans to. salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
222 Ellis ft., room 34.
linxET loaned salaried people without •ecnrlty.
HILU rm. 44. Merchants' Eaxhg«. 431 Calif.
iIONKY loaned: unsecured note of any man of
pood character. Pr-scott 4 Co.. Phoenix. Ariz.
TO salaried people; without security; all busi-
ness confident !al. Tousley Co., 3tl Parrott big.
PRIVATE: party, on furniture an.l pianos: 2%:
to removal: no cr mmission. € Eddy Ft., r. SI.
AUSTIN'S Fs'.ary Loan Co.. 556 Parrott bu'.ld-
Ir.K— M^n tan «e<-ure leans on personal note.
C*.FH loaned to f.ilaried people on note without
Ind! rwr. MOBREXX* CO Examiner building.
S5O TO ."•"' ' Umtt rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
ary prcpoettlon. PRTPEN. 413 Montgomery.
CN furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
r r*rty is mortgaged and you need
mor « money -~> H. MUP.PHY. €30 Mark»t st.
TT'i salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private iwnu. Ran Fran-
iv..Ti!Ti' Acrr-r.rv Hi Pfceian bullfl'nr.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
DIED.
Ambrose. Annie Gorevan. Wm. P. I.
Benson, Bertlne G. Hennessy, William J.
Burke, Willie C Hermal. Jean B.
Carle, George McPherson, Robert
Conner. Mary E. Macey, Ipaac
Dederky, Julia Mugan. Kate
Doscner, Claus Stephens, Alexander
Dwyer, Loretta A. Fzarvaeh. Samuel
Eckler, Robert E. Wilson, Jennie E.
Fortier, Pierre Wolf, Sarah
AMBROSE— In thl? city. April 22, 1900. Annie,
beloved wife of James T. Ambrose, mother of
James S. Ambrose and George and Leonard
Michelson, dau-hter of the late Michel and
Bridget Highland and sister of the late John
Highland, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged 41
years.
[C7" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 105 Collins street, off Point Lobos ave-
nue, thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BENSON— In this city. April 21, 1900. Bertlne
Gurlne, beloved daughter of the late Ole
Benson, stepdaughter of Mrs. Odlne Arnesen.
and sister of Gunhild and Caver Benson, a
native of Norway, aged 15 years 10 months
and 8 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 40 Lundy lane, thence to Our Savior's
Scandinavian Evangelical Lutheran Church.
Howard street, near Thirteenth, for services,
commencing at 2 o'ctock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery-
BURKE— In this city. April 21. IUOO. Willie
Clement, beloved and only son of W. H. and
Anna Burke, brother of Viola Burke and
nephew of Mrs. Maud Chapman. Mrs. E. J.
Sullivan and Harry R. Murphy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and 4
days. (Vermont and Montreal, Canada, pa-
pers please copy.)
ICfFrlends anJ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the family
residence. 3344 Nineteenth street. Interment
private at Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
land. <
CARLE— In the City and County Hospital.
April 22, l?C0. George Carle, a native of Ger-
many, aged 52 years.
CONNER— In San Rafael. April 22. 1900. Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Cornelius Conner,
mother of William, Emma C. and James Con-
ner and grandmother of Raundel Creed and
William F. Conner, a native of Chelsea,
Mass.. aged 43 years 5 months and 25 days.
E7"r"rlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday, at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Second street. San Rafael, thence to
St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
DEDERKY— In this city, April 22. 1900, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of Henry Dederky and
mother of Mrs. H. F. Fortmann. H. Dederky
Jr. and the late Mrs. L. Flavllle. a native of
Kllngenmunster. Germany, aged 63 years.
(New York capers pleas* copy.)
ESrFriend3 and acquaintances are- renpect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 123 Fell street, thence to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
DOSCHER— In this city. April 21. 1900. Claus
Doscher. beloved brother of Tonjes Doecher
and Mrs. W. H. Lohetde of Eureka, Cal.. a
native of Anckelohe, Krels Lehe, Hanover.
Germany, aged 64 years 19 months and 13
days.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 134 Fourth street, between Mission and
Howard. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery-
DWYER— In this city. April 22. 1900. Loretta
A., dearly beloved daughter of the late Pat-
rick and Ann Dwyer. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years and 6 months.
E7"The funeral will take place from the
residence of her sister. Mrs. W. E. Dl-
nan. 824 Bush street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at
10 o'clock, thenc* to St. Brlgld's Church,
Broadway and Van Ncsa avenue, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
' the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock.
ECKLER— In this city, April 21, 1900. Robert
X., beloved husband of Mary Eckler. a na-
tive of Springfield, 111., aged 64 years.
(C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 334 Dolores street, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn reaulem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of hie soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
FORTIER— In this city. April 22. 1900, Pierre,
dearly beloved husband of the late Elizabeth
Fortler, a native of Havre, France.
C—TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GOREVAN— In tnls city. April 21. 1900. Wil-
liam P. 1., beloved son of James and Mary
Gorevan, and brother of James J., Joseph,
Ella. Anna and Agnes Gorevan, Mrs. Louis
Vincent and the late John Gorevan, a native
of San Francisco.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of the parent*, IS2S Clay street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a solemn requiem high mass
will ba celebrated for the renose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HENNESSY— In this city. April 20. 1900. Wil-
liam J., beloved son of Richard and Maria
Hennessy, and brother of Percy X., Marion
K. and Aileen M. Hennessy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 3 months and 1 day.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of hN parents. 1505 Clay street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HERMAL— In this city. April 21, 1900, Jean
Baptiste Hermal. beloved husband of Mar-
guerite Hermal. father of Albert Hermal,
and father-in-law of Mrs. A. Hermal. a na-
tive of France, aged 72 years 6 months and
1j days.
ICTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1528 Treat avenue, between Twenty-
seventh and Twenty-eighth streets, thence to
the French Church of Notre Dame dcs Vic-
tolres, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McPHERSON— In this city. April 21. 1900, Rob-
ert, beloved husband of Bridget McPherson.
and father of Abbie and Lucy McPherson. a
native of Shetland, Scotland, aged "_' years.
EJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 713 V* Union street, thence to Old Pio-
neer Hall, 808 Montgomery street, where
services will be held under the ausnlces of
Riggers' and Stevedores' Association and
Mlantoncmah Tribe No. 9, Imp. O. R. M., at
i o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association—
The detail from Patrick Meade to Bernard
McCarthy, inclusive, are hereby notified to
assemble at their hall to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 1 o'clock, to P«y the last tribute of respect
to our late brother. Robert McPherson. By
• order. THOMAS FORD. President.
F. E. DURHAM, Rec. See.
MACEY— In this city. April 22. I*oo. Isaac, be-
loved husband of Catherine Macey. a native
of NorthainDton. England, aged 86 years.
MUGAN— In this city. April 22. 1900. Kate Mu-
gan, a native of Ireland, aged CS years.
STEPHENS— In this city, April 21. 1900. Alex-
ander Stephens, a native of Scotland, aged 43
years.
tE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theo. Dlerks, 9J7 Mission street. In-
terment 1-aurel Hill Cemetery.
SZARVASH <ne HIRSCH) —In Healdsburg.
April 21. 1900, Samuel T. Szarvash (ne
Hlroch), a native of Austria, aged 85 years.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery for crema-
tion: private.
WILSON— In this city. April 21, 1900. Jennie
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of the late Al-
onzo L. and Pruda C Wilson, and sister of
Hattle, Ja«ies. William. Edward. Alonzo.
Frederick and Charles Wilson, a native of
Colorado, aged 31 years 2 months and 10 days.
(CT" Friends and aco.ua I ntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday.) at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 222# Elm avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
I- mes/%1/O"V* «S= CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.J
1"39 Market »t.. between Sth and 9th. I
, . Telephone South 247. |
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALB will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Waßhington. D. C; until 13 o'clock noon.
May 8, 1900. and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Hospital
and the M. & S. Storehouse, Mare Island,
Cal., the dally supply of meats, groceries,
butter eggs, cheese, ice., milk, bread, vege-
tables'and provender for the fiscal year ending
June 30. 1901. Blank proposals will be furnish-
ed upon application to the Naval Hospital,
Mars Island. Cal.. or to the Navy Pay Office,
San Francisco, CaL A. S. KENNY, Pay-
master General. U. S. N. 4-7-00
KEARNY. 31 J— Newly furnished sunny front
•uite, or with use of kitchen; reasonable.
• DELINUUISNT NOTICES.
Vv7rrirAM~PROPELLEK CO.. r2« Market St..
6an Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of arsesjment levied on the sth day of March.
1800. the several tmounts set opposite the
names cf tbe respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
r;<>. No.
IJsme— Certificate. Share*. Amount.
John 1). Fprecfcels.. 1 33,113 1-3 «93 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 80
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louis Metzger. Henrietta Newman, Henry
and Leopold Morsenthau. Rca» and David
Kline, Pauline Schoenberg. Fannie and Simon
Xordllnger to Fredlano Barsottl. lot on NE
corner of Twenty-first and Hampshire streets,
E 25 by X 109:6; $10.
Adolph Attlncer. Bertha Hlldebrandt (Attln
g«y) and Clara Ehmann (Attlnger) to John
Attlnger. lot on B corner of Mount Vernon and
Huron streets. SE IS7 by SW 80. lot 1. block 2.
West End map 1; $10.
Ann Sullivan to William N. McCarthy, lot on
W line of Larkln street, 91:3*; N of Filbert,
X 27:6 by W 100; $10.
City and County of San Franctsco to Savings
and Loan Society. lot on NW corner of Jackson
and Polk streets, X 163:4>4 by W 123:6; — -.
Annie F O'Xeil Clarke Oeggus (nee Clarke)
to David Edwards, lot on S line of Oak «treet,
106:3 W of ' Pierce. W SO by S 137:6; $10.
Lillle Undo to William J. Gtllesple, lot on S
line of Sutter street. 206:3 W of Devlsadero. W
Robert and'je'nnle I. Pleper t» Charles H.
Huffman, lot on XE corner of .Frederick and
tihrader streets. E 119:4* by X 100: also one
half of lot on XW corner of Beulah. and Shrader
streets. N CO by W 106:3; $H>.
James F. Cheesewrlght to Margaret Dunton.
lot on N line of Seventeenth street, M E of
N'oe E 25 by X 91:6 (quitclaim deed); $563.
C' W Gordon to Alice L. Gordon, lot on X
line" of Liberty street, 130 W of Sanchez, W 25
'Walter 'i." and Mary E. Tobin to Elizabeth
Beree (wife of A. J.). lot on W line of Fair
Oaks street. J4 X of Twenty-fourth. X 24 by
W •«)¦ also lot on X line of Twenty-fourth
street 90 W of Fair Oaks. W 27:6 by U: $10.
Sarah S. or Sadl« S. Blaney to Stephen A.
Born lot -on N line of Alvarado street. ISO W
of Sanchez. W 50 by X 114; $10.
Bernardo and Batestina Galliano to David J.
and August Casassa, lot on X line of Filbert
s\re-i ! 40 W of Mason. W 28:3 by X 60; $10.
Adoiph C. Weber to Alexander Bond, lot v '
X line of Pacific istreet. 45:6 W of Hyde. W 23
> Rose A 'Lamb to Annie M. Boland. lot on X
line of Pine street. 57:6 E of Laxkln. E 50 by
N 137 - 6* $10.
Isabella M. and William Romalne to Isabella
Van Winkle (6-11 of 1-12). Lawrence E, Van
Wlnk'e (4-11 of 1-12) and Alice D. Gauld (1-11
of 1-1*) lot on SE line of Market street. 91:S
NE of First. NE 45:10 bj» SB 137:6; $10.
* James and Bessie F. Fisher to Henry E.
Bothln let on NW line of Minna street. 410:10
NE of' Second. NE 40 by NW SO; $10.
Thomas J. Lynch to James J. Lynch, undi
vided one-third of following: Lot on SE corner
of Fourth and Clara streets. S 25 by E 80: also
lot on S line of Turk street. 62:6 E of Hyde.
E 25 by S S7:G; also lot on NW line of Perry
street 40t) SW of Fourth. SW 50 by NW 75; gift.
Helen A. and Lrroy C. Bunker to Henry E.
Bothln lot on NW line of Brannan street, 200
NE of Sixth. NE 75 by XW 110; $IJ.
Charles Kavanangh to Moses F. X. Kava
nauKh lot on SW line of Langrton street. 150
XW of Folsom. NW 25 by SW 75; gift.
Adolph C Weber to Alexander Bond, lot on
NW line of Tehama street, SO NE of Ninth, NE
23 by NW 75; $10.
Ann E. Short to George Edwards, lot on N
line of Twenty-second (Sierra) street, 25 E of
Pennsylvania avenue, E 23 by N 60; SI.
Cora W. and James H. Morton to William
Short lot on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue,
100 S 'of Clement street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Huch Knne to Hannah Kane, lot on S line
of Point Ijibos avenue, 57:6 W of Second, W 25
by S 100: gift.
Air.broise St. Paul to Eugenl* St. Paul, lot on
N'line of I ntreet. 50 E of Ninth avenue, E 70,
X 125 W 120. S 25. E 50. S 100: $10.
s Solomon and Dora G*tz to Nelllj T Mc-
Quaide, lot on S line of X «treet. 32:« B of
Tenth avenue, E SO by S 100; $10.
Samuel N. Dv Bol* to Mary Dakln. lot on
NW line of Arlington street, 575 SW of Roa
noke SW 30 by 73: gift/
Henry A. Crane toll. A. Meier. lot 14. block
3SS, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; grant.
Alameda County.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to Catherine
Bernard (wife of Joseph), lot on W line of
Fallen stre+t, 100 S of Seventh, S 25 by W 100,
lot 17, block 133. map of Dillon property, Oak-
Tla'ry C. and George C. Smith to T. M. James.
lo» on S line of Alamerta avenue. 83:4 E of Wil
low street E 66:8 by S 130. being lot 18 and E
IS -8 of lot 17. In WV 2 of block E, lands adja
cent to Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
T M James to Leah F. Mott. lot on N line
of Alarr.eda avenue. 43 W of Lafayette street.
W 43 by N 150, portion of lots IS, 19 and 20,
block 2. Amended Map of Bartlett Tract, Ala-
F Mathlesen to Michael Dolan. lot on 3E
corner of boundary line of N _ of SW V« of
Faction 9 Towpshlp 3 S. Range 2 E. and Liver
more avenue. NW 42, NE \oO, SE 97:6. SW 16.
to beginning, portion of plat D of, the A. S.
Ladd Estate, town of Livermore, Murray Town
8 J. M. Blanchard to Edwin E. and Charles M.
Willard (trustees Royal Carter Blanchard). lot
en S line of Lincoln street, 140 E of Wood. X
37:6 by S 135. being lot 13 nr.d W half of lot 14,
block A. Toland Tract. Oakland: SI.
Henry J. and Emily IWts to California Bank
of Oakland, lot on W line of West street. *0 S
of \pgar. 9 50 by W 118.64. being lot 7 and S 24
feet of lot 8. block F, Major Given Tract, Oak
land; I3CO.
F. A. and Mac G. Losh to J. Llewellyn, lot on
W line of Magnolia street, 175 X of Thirtieth,
N 25 by W 133, being the N 25 feet of lot 11.
block O. Map of lands of Peralta Homestead
Association. Oakland: $10.
Union Savings Bank to Lenora M. Harrison
(widow), lots 3 and 5. block 2103, Alden Tract
at Teme-»cal. Oakland; $10.
Edwanl C. and Sarah T. Robinson to C. E.
Palmer, lot on X line of Fortieth street. 6*2 E
of Grove. E 32 by X 110, subject to deed of
trust, Oakland: also property in other counties,
quitclaim deed: J10. : -
C. E. and Mary L. Palmer to Richard J.
Montgomery, lot on X lln« of Fortieth street,
6C2 E of Grove. E 32 by X 110, being lot 15. Map
of resubdlvlslon of Montgomery Tract, Oakland;
Samuel R. and Fannie M. Johnson to Quito
Land and Fru.it Company (corporation) of Santa
Clara, lots 1 to 6, J2 to Is, block D, Bella Vista
Park East Oakland: $10.
George A. and M. Effle Penniman and Josl«
M Patterson to C. C. Lombard, lot 169. In plat
25. In Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland Town
8 James M. Blanchard to Cyrus E.. Carter and
Grace E. Blanchard. lot 39. In plat 35. same,
Oakland Township; 11.
Same to Edwin E. and Charles M. Wlllard
(trustees -of Grace E. Blanchard, minor), lot
beginning at a point 423:9 NW from NW line
of Adeline street and 160 NE from XE line of
East Fourteenth street. NE 176. BE 25, 8W 17*.
NW 25 to beginning, being portion of lot T.
block C. Revised Map Oak Tree Farm Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $L
OAKLAND I'lillNlTUni: KOR SAL.;.
a,N •circducMon to you from 11. Kcnellhaa*. th*
furniture dealer. lUh «nd Franklin. Oakland.
A> w» represent the best make of pianos in
¦ grade, trom Eteinwav down to Icw-
ed makf-s. and as our iretailment pay-
rrl<*rts ar<» P2sicr ths.n those of other dealers,
v.V ar" the peer.? Jrcai. wlicni you should
purchase: o<=w upright planes, $S cash. Vi per
iTsonth: otber pianos $3, J4 and ti per month.
6HERMAX. CLAT & CO.. Steinway Dealers.
cor K«-arty anJ Sutter Ets.. San Francisco;
ccr. Thirteenth a=d Broadway, Oakland.
WE DO NOT s^ll poor r!ano«.
V\"K DO cell good tianos cheap.
WE WANT to show you how cheap we can
E*U a good piano. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
TO Market st.
OUR LEADERS are DHCKER _ EON. and
PACKAKD: either ore will suit you: they are
the b*st that money will bUS - ; we #ell on pay-
Jn?nt.Ti'f ?.u «Eh! MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
TO Martctt st.
YOCCAS b'iv any k!r.d cfarr.uMcal instrument
en Installment* from us. MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.; 7CS Market ft.
Steamer Movements.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Cnfnrn.
LARKIN, 715— Sunny corner rooms: running
wa te r; gas and all conveniences.
MINNA. 65— Five clean rooms. :
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Nenk furnished bay-
wlndow room, tl per week; transient.
MISSION. 837 A (Avoca House)— New; ' newly
' furnished: rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
MISSION. &3S- Sunny parlors, upstairs room,
basement room; partly furnished.
NATOMA, 450— Eunny room, suitable for one
or two gentlemen.
OFARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished room* and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day, wlc.. mo.
ORLANDO House. 989 Howard, cor. Sixth—
Hunny rooms; prices to suit; open night.
POST. 418, near Powell— Sunny furnished
rooms, with bath; nulte or single.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rm«.:
nilt»i> or clns'es; running water: gas: reas.
POWELL. 617— Nicely furnished suite; use of
kitchen; no children.
ROFEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 2f.c to U: week, U 23 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies
parlor- rooms, per night. 35c to Jl 50: week. *2
to JS: month. SS to S2O; elevator on o'flce »ioor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor Bt.. near Marktt— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator* new
furniture: hot and cold water; radiators; salt
»»a baths; suites and single room*.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 40?— Furnished rooms, single or
en suite, from $1 upward^
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rctlsserle) — Nicely
furnished roorr.j frcm $12 to >30.
I THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights:
• elegant r.ew furniture: single, suites: trans t.
THE OAKS 119 Third— A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD. .114— Nicely furnished rooms.
TO let— l«arjre sunny furnished room: refer-
ences. S5l Dolores st.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
\ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
! TWO unfurnished rooms with running water;
rent reasonable. Apply 51 Natoma st. ;
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12^3 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
~ ROOMS AM) HOAIIU.
A~FA^flLY~ha"vtng a large, well appointed
and retinod home wishes to secure a few
couples to board and room; first-class in every
paitlrular; references required. Address box
34r.4. Tall office. t
I A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices mcd<-rate; 2 car lines pass uotel:
elevator: telpphone Hyde 2771. 1604 California'
st : corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
HOTEL CLAIHMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated:
suites and single rms.; sunny: excellent table.
' HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
| hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
I LAS PALM AP. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin, rms.: board optional.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply Twen-
ty-fourth and Florida sts.
POWELL, 524-S2S <The Hedges)— l^rge sunny
j rooms; marine view; excellent board; reas'ble.
i VAN NEPS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: *20.
! !i '
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
! NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
I Orphanage of £20 Lake «t. has received the
following orphan and hafl-orphan girls frpm
January 1 to March 31, 1900: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year « months: Marlon V.
Crane, aged 9 years: Mary Woodd. aged 10
years 6 months; Ella M. Hunaker-Engler.
aged 9 years 5 months: Mabel Pozzi. aged 12
years; Elise Poegl. aged 9 years 4 months:
Ethel Marton Gould, aged 6 years: Mabel
Benbnw. 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
aged fi y*ars 5 months.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box: warranted to «ure all caees of bleeding.
Ifhlng. external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Pevisadero st.. near Sutter.
THE Union Oil Co. of California will remove
Its office May 1 to the Mills bldg., rooms
81 and 2"., '_
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6550.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
! RENTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine sup-
! piles. Standard Agency. 143 tth: phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repwlrlnr at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711
BEKINS Van «nd Storage Co.. 1340 Market st.:
tel. South E35; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture. Moving Conj-
pany. 232" Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 2SI.
TO LEASE.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrant* to 3aa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th<» city front (Mission-street wbarf> about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the abov» exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given la the left
hand column and th« successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to tiro*. Th«
second time column gives the second tld» of
the day. the third time column the. third ttd»
and the last or right hand column glvea th»
last tide of the day. except when th»r« ar* but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. Th« height*
given are In addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slzn (— ) precedes th« helsiu.
and then the number given Is subtracted, from
the depth given by the chart*. The plan* of
reference Is the mean ft th» '"»"• low watir*.
AUCTION SALE
£» OF &*
50 HEAD DRAUGHT, BUSINESS
and. DRIVING HORSES,
BROKE AND UNBROKE.
Also 10 Head of Well-Broke
SADDLE HORSES,
Consigned by Clark & Cox. Sacramento,
XL Rnnch. tn be mold
THURSDAY. APRIL 26. 1900.
At 11 a. m.. at
SALESYARD. 1732 JIARKET ST.. CORNER
VAN NESS AYE.
Horses now at yard.
CHAPE A MENDI7NHALI*
Successors to Kllllp A Co..
Livestock Auctioneer*.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,
B Hartstall. N V i
J E O'Brien. Chicago
W M Sims. Sacto
X Hozuml. Tokio
T Shlbuwana. Toklo
8 Heyman. Copenhagn
L Lceb, Rock Island .
F S Glass, Berkeley
A H Giffeney. Oakland
P H Remington, Oukld
H J Fitch. X V
P H Walters, Spokane
R G Harvey. Vancouvr
Mrs Harvey, Vancouvr
A G Robinson. Ky
F P Wricht. St Paul
W Foster. Boston
J R Gilbert, Dillon
J F Macdonald. Sioux
W E Ward. Reno
F W Hlgglns, X V
Mrs Higclns, X V
W D Henry. Boston
H P Christy. Detroit
L Frejnd. X V
J M lavlor. Pittsburg
E J Stanton. L Ang
J C Bnwn, Lcs Ang
H B Wells, X V
Mrs Wells. X V
G S Hcimes. Salt Lake
X Ca.ol. Copenhagen
L W Bottern. Denmak
W C Davis. N T
J X Manning. Maw
G F Blandy, N V
R Pringle. Chicago
W D Card. Chicago
W T Salomon, N V
O F Aldis. Chicago
O W Aldis. Chicago
T Kuhl. Peorta •
Mrs Kuhl. Peorla
Mrs R H Lightner. Ma
A II Yeomans, Mass
Mrs Yeomane, Man
Mrs M Belden, N V
Miss M M Blddle, Pa
Miss Helen Blddle, Pa
Miss M G Frishmuth.
Pa
F Collischornc, Almda
Mrs Colllschorne, Aim
A E GUI. Boston
S T Nlshlmura. Chgo
J A Haskell. N V
H M Barddall. Del
H Mclntosh. Chicago
J E Lev!. X V
J B Walker, X V
C Storck. X V
J McGonlgle. Ventura
S H Babcock. St Louis
R Warner. St Louis
Mrs Warner. St Louis
GRAND HOTEL
J B de Jarnatt & w,
Colusa
J D Foy, Kansas City
W B Linscott. S Cruz
W S George, Antloch
C A Berdlns, Ferndale
C M Cotterman. Oakld
H Lewis. Oakland
C T Beale USA
C M Ha v Hand. Oakld
W D Mitchell. Oaklnd
R W Tulley. Berkeley I
N J Flbush. Oakland ]
0 X Farmer, Vallejo j
W A Jones. Oakland
W H Miller, Chicago I
F R Porter. Oakland
H Barrows. Cal
J J Jones. Vacavllle
1 L Compton, Colusa
A A -Cross. Honolulu
Mrs Crawford, Seattle
II Victor & w. Sn Jose
E B Walbrldze, Cal
A A Ackerman. Oakld
.1 C Llllis. Fresno
R Vaughan. Sacto
L Solomon. Fresno
S Piatt, Carson
S Alexander. Ar Grand
A B Sawyer & w. 11l
Mrs Wvatt. Illinois
Mrs Wardall. Illinois
A Cranston. USA
H W Stucker. U 3 A
J I> McOee, Portland
Miss H Owen. Portland
P Johnson. Sonora
Sir Burden & w. Sonora
Misses Burden, Sonora
Miss Klarlch. Sonora
W M Nuner Jr. Calvra
J Mundorf *: w, Sonor»
Misses Mundorf. Bonor
C Hamrton & w. Cal
Mrs Knudson. Sonora
V Bricnole. Sutter Crk
W W Clark. Holllster
A J McSorley, Cal
W Forrance. N V
J W Hammond & w.
Wisconsin
P Brockenbrough. Ind
DrTB Ladd & w. Cal
T Herrlck, Salt Lak»
C Merlalt. X V
W Darnton. Ukiah
T A Templeton, Uklah
A A Thayer & w, Cal
T G McLean & w. Cal
O Robinson & w, Cal
C M Stovall. Williams
M Blum, PlacervtHe
NEW WESTERN HOTEL-
B F Smith, San Jose
J Lundin. Stockton
O B Park*. Sacto
X A Center, S Mateo
J B Brown. S Mateo
D Fitzfjerald, Fresno
J Jeurgrezon, Seattle
W Reaslde, Vancouver
E E Hyde. Santa Rosa
J W Hoar. Los Ang
W L Homer. Preseott
F Ryan. Silver City
W Clark & w. Ohio
F Wostell, Portland
J Wood & w. Ky
Mia M Ray.- Sacto
W J Tibbetts. S Jose
J C Scott, Antloch
A J Remtree, Antloch
NOTlCE— Cremation. ODD FELLOWS' CEME-
TERY ASSOCIATION. San Francisco. CaL If
the deceased was a member of a society or
of any organization having a presiding offi-
cer and tecretary the charge for cremation
and a copper receptacle for the ashes Is JOT.
The same charge to members of thefamlly
of such deceased. GEORGE R. FLETCHER.
Superintendent.
WOLF— In this city, April a. WOO. Sarah, be-
loved wife of Simon Wolf, mother of Grace
and Walter Wolf, daughter of Abraham New-
man and sister of Isldor. Nathan. Alfred and
Samuel Newman and Mrs. Pauline Nathan.
Mrs. Ben Bearwald and Mrs. Mark Levy, a
native of Germany, aged 44 years.
OUTPUT OF GOLD
IS TOLD OF IN
GREAT FIGURES
Sixteen Millions the State's
•Yield of Minerals Last
Year.
Indications of Activity Among the
JOiners, All of Whom Are Pre
paring 1 to Take Advantage
of Modern Processes.
Alaskan gold and silver received at as
say offices, mints, refineries and smelt
ers, representing the output of the Terri
tory for 1859, amounted to $5,831,355, which
was an Increase over the product of the
previous year of $3,190,544. Statistician
Yale of the United States Mint, who fur
nishes the figures, estimates that 12.400.
000 came from Cape Nome, the placers of
which opened up last year. The quartz
mines of Southeast Alaska made up the
remainder of the Increase. In these
quartz mines 1050 stamps are dropping.
The district designated Includes Douglas
and Unga Islands. The quartz mines pro
duced $2,704,176 and the placers $3,217,179.
This Indicates that all the placer districts
in Alaska, including the hydraulic mines
near Juneau, produced only $727,179. The
Klondike last year produced $15,254,107 In
gold and stiver, a total increase of $0,028,
198 over the product of 1898. The sliver
production amounted to $267,330.
The Copper, Zinc and Lead Review of
Xew YorK says that unusual attention is
now given to lead mining, the reason be
ing that the metal has steadily advanced
In price during the last year, and that iv
is holding It 3 own. The reason assigned
is that there have been found new uses
for it. One of these is in the construction
of storage batteries in motor carnages.
Each motor carriage has at least 300
pounds of lead in It. There is one storage
battery company that is paying out $1.20u,
000 per annum for lead. The underground
conduits also largely consumed lead, and
the demand in that direction will Increase.
There are promising lead deposits In Call-
The copper production of th© world for
the year 1899 was 473.818. long tons. The
total increase in the United States was i
gow' product of California decreased
$570,447 last year, as compared with I>9§.
while the silver o^P"* l "£ reased *^ ?•%s• ,
The net decrease was $450,000 In round fig
ures The reason of the decrease was the
lack of water, which seriously hamperea
mining operations. !
Nevada County retains the place of ¦
"banner county*" and Tuoiumne County
takes the second place, forging ahead of
Amador County. Calaveras County shows
the largest Increase In Product The
largest decrease is in Placer County..
TTie following table shows the distribu
tion of the gold and silver product by
counties during the year 1599:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.
AUCTION SALES
£* SECOND AUCTION SALE OF £*
75 DRAUGHT. CARRIAGE AND DRIVINO
HORSES.
Suitable for trucks, delivery wagons, carriages
and bugjrtes. Some excellent saddle horses la
the bunch, also several fast pacers by "AN-
TARE" and "ALBENTON."
All jroong. w»ll broken and In splendid con-
dition. Consigned from thn stock farm of L
H. Mulholland of Tulare. Cal.
As In our previous salt w» win offw nothln?
but the best. No worn-out culls, or second-
hand animals among the lot. Positively no
reserve.
Public Invited to inspect tnem now at ta«
.salesyard.
Special attention Is called to> th» TEN
HEAVY TRUCK HORSES, weighing frcSJ 1500
to ISOO pounds. _,
Sale takea place In the 'ev»n!njr. MONDAr.
APRIL 23. 19C0. at S o'clock. Sale pavllloa
lighted by electricity.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.
W. O. LAYNCI. Auction**?".
9
PERSOXAL9.
ANEW piece to have your hair dressed etyllsh-
ty;:ape<elaj this week. 20c; shampooing, 20c;
switches made from your own hair, 75c: open
f-venings; Sundays, from S a. m. to 12. 997
Market £t.. corner Sixth: parlors 112-113.
Sl'lTS on easy Installments from Imported or
•ioir.^Ftic rrmnants. One Price Tailoring Co..
.'.?! Kearny st., between Sacramento and Call-
fern i a.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ft., n»ar Market: 100 rooms:
2Jc to Jl T-0 per night: {1 L 0 to 56 per week;
free 'bus and barrage to and from the ferry.
G. D. HORSE, photographer. 1696 Pacific aye.,
brtween Plerc* iird Pcott; pl:one Steir.er 3391.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WJIITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1311 Linden St.. Oakland :
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 41^.
LADIES' and gents' ca»t-off clothing bought and
told. Silverman. S*4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coata. H. M. lIEINEMAN. 1W farunt et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. It pages, sent to any uddfess In tht
United States. po«trald. for $1 per yenr.
THOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free: photo rappMes; Backus
ttudio 11 Geery St.. gmund floor.
I'HISItIAAs A.M> bUKGKOMS.
DR. C. C. ODONNELI-r-Offue nnd residence,
lrtl'- Market St., bet. Sixth and Spv*>nth-
KKAI. ESTATE CITY KOIt SALE.
AT a sacrifice— l?*- foot corner lot; 1 block
from oars; at Colma; worth $710: will b« sold
at a bargain. Address T. X.. Sl3 Hyde St.
SACRIFICE— New P-room. 3-story house; lot
26:5x100; v.-ith chicken house, etc: suitable
for flats; muFt lie sold; make an offer; JIOJO I
or less. SHADDL'RXE, Cl 6 Sacramento rt.
Hy> EACH— 2 !cts. 25x100 each, on Crescent and
Hichland ayes.. Holly Park, near Mission St.;
JV) cash, talar.ee SlO per month. DRYDEN,
413 Montgomery Et.
PARK residence: new house of <S rooms and
bath on Beulah St., near Cole; modern Im-
provements: street work all done; price I3SOO.
Addlv on premises.
BARGAIN— Fcr sale, cottage 6 large rooms; '
modern Improvements. Apply on premises, '
S2l Twenty-eighth st
*>.A\K >uu rral estate in tbe MUsicn or Hor-
net's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call on W. J. GUNN. E5O California *t.
FOR sale— Cottage and lot in Mission; cheap.
Address box 45U. Call office.
FOR sal»— Factory. 19.700 feet land; sidetrack
2G-H). Box 4JJ7. Call office.
Hi:AL ESTATK COUXTRV — For Snle
THE Esrarto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country should be lonked after at once, as this
Is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine p'.antirg; farms range In sire from I. 1 ) to
40 acrr» and now soli to Induce immediate
action at low prices acd eaET terms; home-
Fe<>kcrs will never regret securing one of these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (in-
cluding high school): macadamized roads; 2
railroad trains daily 'from San Francisco:
water for irrigation when d^slrfd; superior to
Southern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
ing Southern California experts; these lands. |
with the superior soils and all other advan- |
tages named. Will be sold at prices far bf low |
thoee asked In localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; there Is no more
Independent life than the smalt diversified
farmer*: the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much a« $100 per acre; you can leave
Han Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have 3 or 4 I
hours Bt Esparto, and back to San Fraiidsco i
early the same evening: you will find an ag*nt
at Hotel Barnes. Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
TO SAIL.
NDAT, AFIIIL. Z3.
Sun rise*
Sun nets
Moon rises
S:?t
«:M
¦¦¦¦I:?! a> m.
•3 Time
• Ft.
y L, W
Time Time Time'
Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, H W
a ... 9:001 2.«
!4 ... 1:061 2.0
15 ... J:0» I.S!
M ... 2:53 0.61
:7 ... 3 43! 0.11
n ... 4:J2!—^.4!
O ... 5:21.—^-T,
t 5:43 4.7 12:18 0.7 7:lS| 5.S
j 7:03 4.7 1:J1 1.0 7:i9! 5.4
! 8:» 4.» 2:05 I.JI «:*M 5.«
I 9:28 4.9 2:5! l.*l 9:2n* 5.9
I 10:2fi 5.0 I:3* !.»' 10:'> v. «.l
1 11:2* 5.0 4:W t.JI 1^:401 «.3
; 12:19 4.9 5:03' 2.*! UJ9| «.3
Steamer.
Destination.
SaUa.
Pter
Samoa !Humbo!dt Apr. M. 19am|Pterl3
State of Cal'Portland Apr. 13. WwniPltrH
¦"lty PueblaiSan Dieiro Apr. 23. 11 anrPW 11
\berdeen ..[Puget Sound.. Apr. 23. 5 pm!Pi«r i
'oqutile RT,Gray» Harbor Apr. 24. 12 mi
nilamoo* .THlamook Apr. 14. ...... -— ••-
.... Humboldt Apr. 24. 2pm Pier 9
Krcata .....[Coos Bay Apr. 24. 12 ralPler 13
Moha |Cre«cent City. Apr. 24. J pmlPter I
"*oo« Bay... Newport Apr. 2S. »am:Pt*rll
s-ip Maru.. 'China* Japant Apr. P. lpm'PMSi"
;.;bion !Cap* Xome....|Apr. 23. 12 mlPier 2
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. I Apr. 25. Bam!Pter2»
S-orth ForkiHumboldt.....|Apr. 28. 9am|PleT 3
L'roatllla ..tVJc A Prt Sd.lApr. 2<5. 10 am Pier 9
b o?'ni ..... San Dtego Apr. 27. 11 amjpier 11
Columbia ..iPortland Apr. 2S. l<>am|Plrr 2t
Peru IPanama Apr. V*. IS m'PM39
Ft. Arena.. i Point Arena.. Apr. n. 2 pmjPJer I
Bonlta j Newport Apr. 29. Bam[PterU
Portland ...iCap» Nom»....lApr. 30.
Steamer. | From. I troe.
Uoha )Cr*scent City !Apr. 23
Corth Fork [Hnmboidt Apr. 21
rillamoolt iTWamocfc Apr. Zi
>1 Ncrt» Portland 'Apr. 23
;ooe Bay [Newport |Apr. 23
-Jty Ot «io J ("MM and Japan |Apr. i»
Kuntralla Hoimlulii iApr. ->A
Cellus 'Oy»ter Harbor : — !Apr. 24
5t Paul Oyster Harbor |Apr. 2*
Jorona Km Dtego (Apr. 2 r »
-fclun-.bia (Apr. IS
rrewrent City.-. Orescent City lApr. Hi
Bristol Harbor iApr. 21
N>wbunt 'drays Harbor :Apr. 21
Robt Ailamscn'Xanalmo lApr. W
Empire Coos Bay lApr. 2*
Bonlta llCewport Apr. 2T
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. IT
samoa Humboldt lApr. 27
jueen Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 2?
Curacao Mexico Apr. 27
> Mariacal Macxanlllo Apr. 2t
\rcata 'Coos Bay Apr. 2r»
"Ity of Puebla. I Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. r>
hate of Cal....[Portlan<l Apr. 31
X-tavia Hamburg ..Apr. J>
\capulco jPanama lApr. »•>
COUNTIES.
j Gold. I Silver. I Total.
Amador
nutte
Calaveras
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno
Hutnboldt
Inyo
Kern
Lessen
Los Angeles ...
Madera
Marlpcita
Mono
Nevada
Piacer
Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento ...
San BernanltiK
San Diego
Shasta
Sierra
Stpklyou
Stanislaus
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura
Yuta
Totals
I $1,544.86? $8.90! $1.551... 0
I 456.M4S 5.009 4?1.*0S
1.:«5.5«4 ».813 1.275.377
?.430 M3O
4^4.437 8.414 | 412.911
\%.U3 I 1?.1«
W.C39 I ».«>
114.1^7 57.:» 171.71*
8»a.414 «.810 870.224
r» sa< M.sss
1X132 13.122
73 75S THI ' 7*,«60
s«' «» 2,1". | E«i,t'3's
8?7,«9 47.547 744.51S
2.171.510 17.7 M 2.IW.SM
1.100.081 l.»« I 1.101.257
351.U1 | 15 3SU*»
l«3,01» ! 2.C00 163.010
n;.so« I iu.9o«
16»,593 1 123.80S 290,!0i
Z33,%:A 333. «0
8T3.719 ! 19«.213 1.M9.932
430,115 | 335 450.474
991.771 100 191.i71
10.000 10.000
£90.510 1.03S L Btl.m
13.610 13,«10
1,635.789 15.111 1.650.580
3.W0 3.990
159.927 13 1M.933
1 t15.338.031 j t504.C13 115.840.043
COUNTIES.
j Gold. I Silver. I Total.
Amador
nutte
Calaveras
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno
Hutnboldt
Inyo
Kern
Lessen
Los Angeles ...
Madera
Marlpcita
Mono
Nevada
Piacer
Plumas
Riverside
Sacramento ...
San BernanltiK
San Diego
Shasta
Sierra
Stpklyou
Stanislaus
Trinity
Tulare
Tuolumne
Ventura
Yuta
Totals
I $1,544.86? $8.90! $1.551... 0
I 456.M4S 5.009 4?1.*0S
1.:«5.5«4 ».813 1.275.377
?.430 M3O
4^4.437 8.414 | 412.911
\%.U3 I 1?.1«
W.C39 I ».«>
114.1^7 57.:» 171.71*
8»a.414 «.810 870.224
r» sa< M.sss
1X132 13.122
73 75S THI ' 7*,«60
s«' «» 2,1". | E«i,t'3's
8?7,«9 47.547 744.51S
2.171.510 17.7 M 2.IW.SM
1.100.081 l.»« I 1.101.257
351.U1 | 15 3SU*»
l«3,01» ! 2.C00 163.010
n;.so« I iu.9o«
16»,593 1 123.80S 290,!0i
Z33,%:A 333. «0
8T3.719 ! 19«.213 1.M9.932
430,115 | 335 450.474
991.771 100 191.i71
10.000 10.000
£90.510 1.03S L Btl.m
13.610 13,«10
1,635.789 15.111 1.650.580
3.W0 3.990
159.927 13 1M.933
1 t15.338.031 j t504.C13 115.840.043
NDAT, AFIIIL. Z3.
Sun rise*
Sun nets
Moon rises
S:?t
«:M
¦¦¦¦I:?! a> m.
•3 Time
• Ft.
y L, W
Time Time Time'
Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, H W
a ... 9:001 2.«
!4 ... 1:061 2.0
15 ... J:0» I.S!
M ... 2:53 0.61
:7 ... 3 43! 0.11
n ... 4:J2!—^.4!
O ... 5:21.—^-T,
t 5:43 4.7 12:18 0.7 7:lS| 5.S
j 7:03 4.7 1:J1 1.0 7:i9! 5.4
! 8:» 4.» 2:05 I.JI «:*M 5.«
I 9:28 4.9 2:5! l.*l 9:2n* 5.9
I 10:2fi 5.0 I:3* !.»' 10:'> v. «.l
1 11:2* 5.0 4:W t.JI 1^:401 «.3
; 12:19 4.9 5:03' 2.*! UJ9| «.3
Steamer. | From. I troe.
Uoha )Cr*scent City !Apr. 23
Corth Fork [Hnmboidt Apr. 21
rillamoolt iTWamocfc Apr. Zi
>1 Ncrt» Portland 'Apr. 23
;ooe Bay [Newport |Apr. 23
-Jty Ot «io J ("MM and Japan |Apr. i»
Kuntralla Hoimlulii iApr. ->A
Cellus 'Oy»ter Harbor : — !Apr. 24
5t Paul Oyster Harbor |Apr. 2*
Jorona Km Dtego (Apr. 2 r »
-fclun-.bia (Apr. IS
rrewrent City.-. Orescent City lApr. Hi
Bristol Harbor iApr. 21
N>wbunt 'drays Harbor :Apr. 21
Robt Ailamscn'Xanalmo lApr. W
Empire Coos Bay lApr. 2*
Bonlta llCewport Apr. 2T
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. IT
samoa Humboldt lApr. 27
jueen Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 2?
Curacao Mexico Apr. 27
> Mariacal Macxanlllo Apr. 2t
\rcata 'Coos Bay Apr. 2r»
"Ity of Puebla. I Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. r>
hate of Cal....[Portlan<l Apr. 31
X-tavia Hamburg ..Apr. J>
\capulco jPanama lApr. »•>
Steamer.
Destination.
SaUa.
Pter
Samoa !Humbo!dt Apr. M. 19am|Pterl3
State of Cal'Portland Apr. 13. WwniPltrH
¦"lty PueblaiSan Dieiro Apr. 23. 11 anrPW 11
\berdeen ..[Puget Sound.. Apr. 23. 5 pm!Pi«r i
'oqutile RT,Gray» Harbor Apr. 24. 12 mi
nilamoo* .THlamook Apr. 14. ...... -— ••-
.... Humboldt Apr. 24. 2pm Pier 9
Krcata .....[Coos Bay Apr. 24. 12 ralPler 13
Moha |Cre«cent City. Apr. 24. J pmlPter I
"*oo« Bay... Newport Apr. 2S. »am:Pt*rll
s-ip Maru.. 'China* Japant Apr. P. lpm'PMSi"
;.;bion !Cap* Xome....|Apr. 23. 12 mlPier 2
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. I Apr. 25. Bam!Pter2»
S-orth ForkiHumboldt.....|Apr. 28. 9am|PleT 3
L'roatllla ..tVJc A Prt Sd.lApr. 2<5. 10 am Pier 9
b o?'ni ..... San Dtego Apr. 27. 11 amjpier 11
Columbia ..iPortland Apr. 2S. l<>am|Plrr 2t
Peru IPanama Apr. V*. IS m'PM39
Ft. Arena.. i Point Arena.. Apr. n. 2 pmjPJer I
Bonlta j Newport Apr. 29. Bam[PterU
Portland ...iCap» Nom»....lApr. 30.German Ladies' Outing.
The f first annutl outing of the Nord
deutscher Frauen Verein, the women's
branch of the Norddeutscher Verein, was
held yesterday at Shell Mound Park. The
attendance was large, and pleasant little
family parties were to be seen scattered
all over the grounds. Dancing and pic
nicking were the amusements. The out
ing was under the management of the
following ladies: President, Mrs. Geer
klns; Mrs. Mary Dornblouth. Mrs. Annie
Suhr, Mrs. Mary Faust and Mrs. Bock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One C«3&)||
Only ! Jj
AIEN-S TAN 1.A0T3 SHOE. W^^S^ '
l«t«>st tf>e and la«; regular Iv - . ..jidw
Special Vpf '*$*f
Sole F»rlc«» \ki§liif
$2.60.
! »r-.s, r]i •!, j.i 1 iS^.V^j'iar'^V
Hd tope, KIZ4-B f^&r-' f
aa- O; regulsir * . r^B
Special Sale Price $2. 50.
MISSES 1 OXHIjOOD BUTTON SHOES, square
toee. cloth and kid to:>s; regular price $2.
Special Sale Price
INFANTS- OXBIiOOD BUTTON SHOES, new
toes and la^ts. «izes 1-6; regular price Jl 25.
Special Sale Price SOc.
Roman, Barron Mlsh, Marks Green and
Nathan Schlesinger, trustees.
The committees of yesterday's jubilee
were made up as follows:
On celebration— Louis Brown (chairman), Es
rael Levenson. Julius Newman, Julius Kadston,
ilo«fs J. Sahleln and the board of officers.
Reception— lx>uls Brown (chairman), George
Aronson. Michael Goldwater, Julius Funken
eteln, Levl Shilling. Fabian Toplitz and the
officers of the consreiration.
Children's Jubilee celebration— B. Sheidemann
(chairman). Mrs. P. N*. Aronson. Mrs. S. Bare,
Mrs. H. I-ippman. Mrs. N*. Schlesincer, P. N.
Aronson. N. Schlesinßer. Mrs. L'na Badt, Mrs.
H. Goldstein. Mrs. Kllza Macnes. Mrs. M.
Spiro. C. Harris. M. .Splro, Dr. J. Xleto, Mrs.
M. Banner. Mrs. C. Harris, Mrs. 11. Samuel.
Mrs. H. Summerfleld, H. I. Kowalsky. M. J.
Sahleln.
Decoration— Julius Newman (chairman), Mrs.
Dr. J. Nieto. Mrs. M. Davidson. Mrs. P. N.
Aronson, Mrs.' A. Brown, Marks Green, Fltel
Phillips. Sol Bare.
Service— B. Sheideman (chairman). Dr. J.
Nl«*to. Charles Harris.
Entertainment — Colonal 11. I. Kowaljky
Cchalrman). J. Boas, E. Levenson, H. Roman,
Barron Mish, J. Newman, Dr. J. Nieto J.
Radrton. M. J. Pahleln.
Music — M. Davidson (chairman). Cantor D. S
Davis. M. Samuel. Dr. Nieto, N. Schleslnger.
Invitation— Charles Harris (chairman), P. N.
Aronson, B. Sheideman.
Programme and printing— Dr. J. Nieto (chair
man), A. L. Badt, N. Rchlesineer.
The following named acted as ushers:
Clarence 1... Badt, Bert A. Badt. Abe Caro,
Alexander Cohn, • Leo W. Gpldstone, Morris
Goldtree. Phil Gosllnfky, Monroe Green, Sol
Goldberg, Isaiah Harris, Neal Harris. Gus
Lachman. Leon Lesynsky, Julian Llppman,
Phil Meyer. Dr. Sol. C. Mlßh. Charles Mlsh,
Sylvain Mish. William Samuel, Michael Spiro,
Slg. Stern and Mcl TodlUz.
SILKS.
UiIDOO KIKJKJUO*
--¦ .¦. ¦ •- .-
—
NEW STYLES IN FANCY
SILKS FOR WAISTS.
21-Inch Open Work, Satin and Tatfeta Stripes, In latest
pastel colorings SI. SO Yard
20-lnch Taffeta, Pllsse and Corded Effects, In great
variety of colorings and stules
$ 1.35 and 51.50 Yard
22-lnGh Monotone Effects, In extra heayu warp printed
taffetas, all new designs & 1.50 Yard
24-lnch Satin Striped Taffeta Gros-Graln Silk, In light
and dark colorings, extra cuialltg 51. 15 Yard
m Serges and Cheviots.
20 pieces GENUINE CHEVIOT SUITING, warranted all
wool and 46 Inches In width, 10 different shades....
35c Yard
30 pieces NAVY STORM SERGE, two different shades,
full 42 Inches wide, suitable for outing wear
65c Yard
18 pieces 50-INCH BLACK CHEVIOT SUITING, shrunk
and sponged, yeru superior tmalltu.. Sl.OO Yard
NOTE.
All the ahove goods we haVe on dlsplau this week,
and our patrons In the Interior are requested to
write for samples of same.
111. 113. 115, U7, 119. 121 POST STREET.
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL
celebrated lt< golden jubilee yester
day afternoon m the synagogue,
corner of Post and Taylor streets.
It was a fcrilltant event, comnr-morative
•if that <iay. fifty years ago. when a few
rnon met in a desert td Fl3Ughtrr yard, so
the tradition is. and became the Incipient
factors in v/hat to-day is the wealthy and
proßTo^sive oongTe&ation that is helping
to perpetuate the teachings of Abraham
und the reiifjious glory of Israel on this
Wej-tern coast. !.V
Rabbi Jacob Nieto told all about the
conjrreeaticn's early struggles and -Its
frradual evolution into the powerful re
ligious organization that it is to-day and
he was listened to by a vast audience. In
which were pome of the most influential,
¦wealthy and well-known Hebrew citizens
of San Francisco.
The music and the floral decorations
that marked this great Jewish event were
In keeping with its importance. Follow
ing is the programme of the service.
¦vrhirh lasted from 2 to 5 p. m.:
Borurh Ilabbo <D. R. Parif). Cantor D. .S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures,
and can have them nicely
framed if they will let us do the framing.
New. moldings coming in all the time.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 711 Market street. •
Attempted Suicide With Poison.
¦Rosle Adams, a young woman living at
IS Mason street, while in a despondent
mood. went to the roof of the house early
yesterday morning and swallowed a dose
of poison. She was discovered a few min
utes later and sent to the Receiving Hos
pital. She was able to be sent home yes
terday afternoon.
830-332-334 Market Street,
SAN* FRANCISCO, . CAI*.
DO YOU WANT A CORE?
¦»iy y-: I FOR
¦^L § Catarrh,
InkS Deafness,
S *=s iW^ NOISES IN EARS, THROAT
SE? JV*W * n<Jl M- T NO DISEASE? If «o,
33 Zfy** UM mjr NEW ANTISEPTIC
«=» £2 ••-// i treatment. It rlvea no pain
goeyO Jor injury. In 3000 test caseg
. yV/3 over 8$ per cent cured. Hun-
~^*S **» ¦- Ireds of letters of endone-
' •Si' 4**&-" nient*. ¦ •
$r^ JiosSt" rnrr An hone« trial of
i/ ftst2fe<3 r»VI- C one week Riven to
¦'tV /sSia: *how the roi>*rtor merit of
1 thie new treatment. Do not
£iit.f3tz: {all to try It, free, and be
> -X-uifiSSir-""^ convinced of a cure. Call
. ¦'*?yySy^''-'>J a t ence cr •write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
HOURS— 9-12 a. to.. 1-J *a 4 7-8 p. m. ,
THE third district of the League of
the Cross Cadets held a rally and
essay contest at Metropolitan Tem
ple yesterday afternoon. The sub
ject of the essays was cigarette smoking.
Private J. O"Brlen of St. Patrick's parish
won the prize, a gold medal. Two other
parishes were represented by Private J.
Seymour of St. Rose's and Lieutenant
Charles Adams of the Paulista.
The chairman of the rally was James E.
"Power, formerly captain of Company H,
and the Judges who passed on the merits
of the essays were Rev. Father Flnnegan
and . W. H. Humphries. The meeting
opened by the singing of the "Venl Cre
ator." Seymour was the first contestant
to speak. He discussed at length the im
moral effects of the cigarette habit. He
then passed on the savings that* a young
man could make from abstenance from
the article, even if he smoked only one
5-cent package a day.
Private O'Brien followed. He said In
. part: "If a man abuses the sublime gift
I of intelligence he is lower than the lowest
I brute. Cigarettes are proven a deadly
poison to the system, and consequently
any one who will wantonly indulge in the
habit is a low creature. Some people
claim that after a youth has passed the
age of • sixteen cigarettes are harmless.
but this is mere speculation, as medical
men claim that tobacco dulls the brain
and brings on all kinds of diseases. If we
would .¦ have lofty aims we : should never
use tobacco. To become- prominent s we
should have the respect of our neighbors.
The only way to gain their regard is by
1 temperance." ¦ , -
Lieutenant Charles Adams followed with
LEAGUE HONORS WON
BY PRIVATE O'BRIEN
Trapper's oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drug-gists, 50c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
DOLPHINS, HOLD A
SUCCESSFUL OUTING
Well-Known Club Enjoys Its Annual
Picnic — Peter O'Rourke "Danger
ously Stabbed.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club held an enjoyable picnic and outing
at Mirabel Park, Sonoma County, yester
day. There was a very large attendance,
two long trains being necessary to carry
the members and guests to the grounds.
The dancing platform was well tilled
throughout the afternoon, and many of
the picnickers availed themselves of the
chance to row and swim in the Russian
River.
The rough element, which usually at
tends the Sunday picnic, was held in sub
jection," and only one fight was started.
This was on the train en route to the park.
Before it could be quelled Peter O'Rourke,
aged 19, residing at 56 Alabama street, this
city, was stabbed three times in. the abdo
men. The wounds looked serious and the
Injured lad was taken to Santa Rosa,
where medical attendance was given him.
Sheriff Pearce of this city instituted an in
vestigation, but was unable to learn who
wielded the knife. O'Rourke was also
unable .to tell who stabbed him. He is
now resting easily.
Serious Stabbing Affray.
Andrew Flately, James Rowan and Wil
liam Wright, three young men living in
the ' Mission, got mixed up in a fight on
the Mission road near the Five Mile
House early yesterday morning. Flately
was knocked down and Rowan got on top
of him. Flately opened his pocketknife
and Jabbed Rowan five times in tho back.
Rowan was taken to the City and County
Hospital, where his wounds, which were
slight, were dressed and he was sent
home.- Flately was arrested by Sergeant
Shaw and Policeman Denman and booked
on a charge of assault to murder.
INTERFERES IN A
FIGHT AND IS CUT
Frank Brockwin Tried to Protect His
Landlady and Is Slashed With
a Razor.
Edgar Crowell, a waiter, residing at 19
Sixth street, was arrested last night and
charged at the City Prison with assault
to commit murder.
Crowell was abusing his wife and the
landlady interfered. Crowell retaliated by
promptly knocking her down. Frank
Brockwin, a roomer, went to the | land
lady's assistance and a fight ensued.
Crowell picked up a razor and proceeded
to slash his latest adversary^ In a lively
manner.
After the men were separated It was
found that Brockwin had received two su
perficial cuts across the abdomen and a
more serious one In the calf of the leg.
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital.
SIR KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
START FOR THE SOUTH
California and Oakland Commander
ies Leave on a Special Train.
Arrivals From Interior.
The exodus of Sir Knights and ladies
who are to take part in the triennial con
clave of the Knights Templar at Los An
geles this week commenced yesterday
afternoon. A special train left Oakland
at 3:30 with California Commandery No. 1
and Oakland Commandery.- The Knights
and their ladles assembled In force at the
temple early in the afternoon, but there
was rto parade or formal march to the
ferry.
To-day Golden Gate Commandery and
Pacific No. 3 will leave for the south on a
special train. A large party of Sir
Knights and ladles of the last named
commandery arrived in the city yesterday
and are quartered at the various hotels.
Among them are the following of prom
inence: C. F. Burden of Sonora. Coroner
and Public Administrator of Tuolumne
County, accompanied by his wife, two
daughters and niece; w. M. Nuner Jr.,
County Clerk of Calaveras County, and
wife; Crittenden Hampton, an attorney of
Sonora, and wife: John Mundorf,' a
wealthy merchant of Sonora, with his
wife and two daughters, and Peter John
son, a business man of Angels Camp.
BQWEN
& CO
Good wholesome food Is the only
kind we sell
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— Creamery square 35c
Plenty of grass means 3 for $ I
abundance of good butter
Orange marmalade 20c
reg'ly 25c jar
Keiller's — Dundee
Made from Seville oranges
Whisky— o b&co 3 bottles $2
O X Bourbon gallon 3
reg'ly $i bottle 54 gallon _
Sweet mash — pure
ChOCOtete— Alkethrepta 2OC
reg'ly 25c half pound can
Best properties of the cocoa berry
Chutney— Bombay pints }OC
regMy 40c and 60c quarts 50C
The real Indian condiment
EggS— guaranteed dozen ljhc
Fruit syrup— oba Co 40c
reg'ly 50c bottle — eight flavors
Natural fruit juice and sugar
Ripe Olives— Mammoth 30C
reg'ly 35c quart
Rich flavor— you will quickly
learn to like these
Jams-iibtin ioc
Assorted — No. 1 fruit and pure
sugar only— reg'ly i2-}c
Glace* fruit— reg'ly 50c n> 40c
• Assorted— French
Dried fruits— These prices just for
three days
Prunes— reg'iy ice lb 3 J lbs 25C
duster raisins lb 1 5c peeled peaches lb 20c
nectarines lb 12JC whole apricots lb 20c
Hamamelis Hm plnt qwt
15c 25c 40c
Extract of witch hazel
heals hurts quickly
Toilet So2Lp— Pinaud 6q C
reg'ly 75c — box of 3 cakes
Several odors
Bran bags— for the bath 2OC
reg'ly 25c
Softens the water — delicately perfumed
Waste basket— oriental 60C75C
reg'ly Boc and ti— neat designs
Fruit preSS— Bennes 25C
reg'ly 35C
Best potato masher made
Scrub brUSh-reg'ly 25c 2OC
Palmetto fibre — for hard rough work
Prompt service In our mail order
department— big illustrated catalogue
43* Pine t%2 Sutter 4800 California San Francisco
1073 Clay between Eleventh anJ Twelfth Oakland
Davis and chcir; Hallelujah, "Unto God, Al
mighty Father" < Beethoven), choir and orches
tra; invocation. Rabbi M. S. Levy of Conßrega
tion Ueth Israel; Ashre. Psalm 14D (D. S.
Davit-). Cantor Davis and choir, responses by
congregation; Minchah service Uraditlonal),
Carter Davis and choir; anthem, 111 th Psalm
<Su!zer). Cantnr Davis, choir and orchestra;
address. "Greeting? From Sister Congrega
tions." Rabbi M. Fried lander of First Hebrew
Congregation, Oakland; soprano solo, "Heav
enly Father" (Hlmmel), Hiss Millie Flynn.
choir and orchestra; oration. "Fifty Years of
Activity." Rabbi Jacob Nieto o; Congregation
Sherith Israel; cello solo, organ and orchestra
accompaniment <G. Golterman). J. L». yon der
Mchden ; senr.on. Rabbi Jacob . Voorsaneer of
Congregation Emanu-EI; bolo and chorus, "We
Prais* TT.ee, O Lord of Creation (Rossini),
Cantor Davis, choir and orchestra.; "In Me
moriam." Rabbi Jacob Nieto; closing; prayer.
Rabbi Isadora Myers of Congregation Ohabal
fchalome; "Adon Olpm" (arranged by D. S.
Davis), Cantor D. S. Davis and choir; "benedic
tion. Rabbi Jacob Nieto - ...
The front of the altar was obscured by
a bank of snow-white flowers and green
foliage, and hanging above ita center was
a mammoth basket of green and calla
lilies-
It was a proud privilege. Rabbi Levy
said, to deliver the invocation and parti
cipate in the .festive service.. Thirty years
ago he had stood at the same altar and
delivered the invocation. Since that time
he had seen the congregation prosper be
yond man's expectations, and he prayed
that the grace of God might continue to
be with the prosperous congregation and
the men who led It. . "«'-'.'•-.•.
"May many of the rising members of
the congregation of Sherith Israel cele
brate Its centennial, and may Its progress
and usefulness be just as marked during
the coming fifty years as during the fifty
gone by," was the rabbi's closing senti
ment. . '
Rabbi Frledlander extended the sympa
thy and love of fellow congregations in an
address that contained allusions to the
farly struggles of the congregation. .' On
the email foundation laid fifty year-* be
fore had been reared, he said, the strong,
grand and glorious structure. ' to whljh
the spiritual brethren of all the other con
gregations now sent greetings, and
through him had come to share in the
glory of Sherith Israel.
Rabbi Nieto's address dwelt mainly with
the history of the congregation. Youthtul
minds, he said, could not grasp the mean-
Ing of the words "fifty years of activity" —
of what a half century of existence, with
all its etruggles and trials, meant. Older
members of Sherith Israel looked back
over the fifty years of the congregation's
existence, and the time seemed so full
that ft was impossible to tell of it in an
hour. It would take days to tell the his
tory of a single individual.
The foundation of the Congregation
Sherith Israel at a time when the present
Bite of San Francisco consisted of sand
hills, lagoons and a few tents and a few
shanties' was brought about through its
founders' desire for good and the uplift
ing >of the honor and the vindication of
the character of the Jewish race, said the
eloquent rabbi. He told briefly the his
tory of the congregation, as follows:
On- April 13, ISSO, Joseph Joseph was
elected president and Samuel H. Cohen
secretary of a committee on organization.
The other members were:- H. Hart, Hon.
A. Weiss, M. Hart. S. Blankenstein, Israel
Solomon and Isaac Nathan. Merchants
court, on Washington street, was made a
temporary place cf worship. A synagogue
was built In 1&54 and dedicated September
8, by L»r. Julius Eckman. rabbi. Rev. H.
A. Henry was elected minister and chazan
September 1, 1557. He was succeeded by
Dr. Aaron J. Messing, who dedicated the
present synagogue on August 26, 1860. It
was built under the direction of a com
mittee consisting of C. Meyer, Fabian
Toplitz and J. Funkensteln.
Dr. Messing was succeeded by Dr.
Henry Vidaver. June 14. 1573. who died on
the first day of Rosh Hashonah, Septem
ber 14. 1882. He was succeeded by Dr.
Falk Vidaver, hia brother, who resigned
April SO. 1892. and he in turn was succeeded
by the speaker who was elected June 8,
1893.
Rabbi Voorsanger said the wells dug
by Abraham were permanent. Israelites
might go to all parts of the world, but
they followed tnelr traditions and dug
new wells. The men who ¦ started this
congregation were "Princes of Israel," no
matter what their station In life, for with
faith and courage they had dug new
wells. It was a remarkable thing In Jew
ish history that during the turmoil of
early San Francisco men could be found
to keep up the Jewish traditions. They
should be honored for the well they had
dug.
The officers of the Sherith Israel are:
Dr. Jacob Nieto, rabbi; Louis Brown,
president: Judah Boas, treasurer; Rev. D.
S. Davis, cantor: Charles Harris, . vice
president: Alexander L. Badt, secretary,
and Meyer Davidson, Moses Samuel,
Henry I. Ko^nlsky. Bahr Sheldeman,
ilorrls Spiro, Philip N.- Aronson, Herman
EASTER CELEBRATED
BY DEVOUT RUSSIANS
Solemn Ceremonies and Feasting
•Mark the Occasion — Bishop Tikon
a Generos Host.
The congregation of the Russian-Greek
church celebrated Easter yesterday with
prayer and feasting. The forty days Lent
religiously observed by the members of
the church was broken a half hour be
fore midnight Saturday. The Church of
St. Basil, which is located on the corner
of Powell street and Montgomery avenue,
was crowded with devout Russians. The
services were impressive. . Bishop Tikon
and his subordinates were arrayed In
their robes of office and the brilliance of
the costumes were heightened by the
hundreds of candles which lit up the in
terior of the church. Flowers in profu
sion covered the altar. All the pillars
were gayly bedecked with s mi lax and
roses. Palms and set pieces added to the
getferal effect.
The services opened promptly at 11:30
o'clock. The Bishop and the priests en
tered uttering their chants and were fol
lowed by members of the congregation
bearing lighted candles. Pistols and guns
were discharged and bells were rung to
proclaim the tidings that "Christ had
risen." Simultaneously members of the
church greeted each other with "Christus
vos kresse," and then embraced and ca
ressed one another three times. The
unique custom was carried out to the let
ter and the pretty girls, who were present
In great numbers, were not loth in offer
ing their faces for the kiss that was part
of the ceremony.
Standing room was not to be had In the
church during the services. The air was
thick with incense which curled up from
carved censors on either side of the altar.
Bishop Tikon led the service, which was
in the nature of a midnight mass. Father
Pachkovsky acted as head priest and
Father Popoff as archdeacon. The sub
deacons were' George Dabovlch and
George Metropolsky. An augmented choir
under the leadership of Paul Graefsky
rendered the eacred music. The choir was
composed of Mrs. Popoff. soprano; Miss
Sacha Metropolsky and Miss May Dabo
vich, altos; Alex Krassof, first tenor;
George Tsikoores, second tenor, and Paul
Llgda. basso. -
At the close of the services at 3 o'clock
Sunday morning the congregation sat
down to a bountiful feast tendered by the
Bishop.
SPRING FESTIVAL OF
THE GRUETLI VEREIN
Members of the Singing Section Pre
sent a Melodrama Which Meets
"With Great Success.
The spring festival and ball given by
the singing section of the San Francisco
Gruetli Verein at Turk-street Turner
Hall, last night, drew a large audience
and the affair was a success in every de
tail.
The members of the verein presented for
the first time a melodrama entitled
"Snowed In," written by F. Marty. The
drama portrays an episode of Swiss moun
tain life and the characters were admir
ably sustained by the following: J. H.
Senn, Mrs. H. Steiner, U. Rechsteiner, J.
Aerni, Miss R. Tschantz, A. Enderlin and
J. Leutenegger. A programme of vocal
numbers added greatly to the success of
the play and the male chorus in several
selections was well received. The orches
tra and singing were under the direction
of Harry Hock and Franz Dlez, A grand
ball concluded a very enjoyable evening.
The following committees had the festi
val In charge:
Arrangements — L. Brltschgl. chairman:
Charles H. Mueller, secretary: H. T. Steiner,
treasurer: J. S. Leutenegrtcer and P. Strelff.
Reception— R. Hauser, Charles Mazenauer, G.
Deucher, J. Frel, J. Meier, O. Imdorf, E.
Merkt, J. Furrer.
Floor manager. Charles H. Mueller; assist
ants—Charles Gut. L.. BrltschKi.
Floor— J. 11. Fritschl. J. Haklus. Ed Kunz,
Charles Koenle.
Brilliant Celebration, of Fiftieth
Anniversary of That Great
Jewish Body's Existence.
CONGREGATION SHERITH
ISRAEL'S GOLDEN JUBILEE
ELOPEMENT OF
GREEK PASTOR'S
ONLY DAUGHTER
Miss Zena Metropolsky Mar
ried to S. B. Snyder of
New York.
Ceremony Performed at Grace Episco
pal Church— Bride's Parents Ac
cept Their New Son-in-Law.
A Pretty Romance.
The marriage of Miss Zona Metropolsky.
daughter of Rev. Nicholos Metropolsky of
the Greek church, to S. E. Snyder, a
wealthy New Yorker, at Grace Episcopal
Church last Thursday has just been made
public. It was an elopement, but one that
has resulted happily, for the bride's pa
rents accepted their now son-in-law with
out a murmur. In order to keep within
the laws of their religion, however, • the
parents asked to have the marriage cere
mony repeated In the Greek church. The
young folks have consented and the cere
mony will be repeated next Sunday.
There is a pretty romance in the union
of these, young people. Snyder is the
grandson and only heir of Samuel Fox, a
New York capitalist, who has wintered in
California tor many years, and has a
large circle of friends and acquaintances
here. The young man came to this city
less than a month ago on a pleasure trip,
with the possibility of going Into busi- ;
ness here. A week after his arrival he |
met Miss Metropolsky, who was employed |
in a prominent hotel In the capacity of
interpreter. It was a case of love at first
sight on both sides. The ardent young!
lover made the hotel his headquarters andj
waited upon the object of his affection at*
all times. The young people feared to ask
the consent of Miss Metropolsky's parents
to their immediate union, so they laid
their plans to be married on last Thurs
day and to leave town at once.
Thursday evening they dined at Zlnk
and's and were met there by George Aba
die of Amapala. Honduras, a steamer ac
quaintance of Snyder, who had procured
the license and accompanied them to
Grace Church, where the ceremony was
performed by Rev. Mr. Foute. Afterward
the party attended the theater and later
drove to the Occidental Hotel, where Mr.
and Mrs. Snyder are still stopping. A
brother of the bride first h^ard of the i
wedding and hastened to the hotel to wish I
them joy. The reconciliation with the I
bride's parents was soon arranged. After
the marriage ceremony is performed ac
cording to the rites of the Greek church,
the young folks will probably go on a
wedding trip to New York to secure
grandfather's blessing.
THE SAN ¦-¦FRANCISCO' CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1900.
MET HIS DEATH
WHILE MAKING
FRIENDLY CALL
John Dempsey and Wife
Suspected of Murdering
Charles Burke.
Victim's "Watch and Money Found
Concealed in the Residence
, of the Prisoners on
Natoma Street.
»•» • -
Charles Burke, a longshoreman living
at 540 Minna street, met death under sus
picious" circumstances in the house occu
pied by John Dempsey and wife, at 209
Natoma street, shortly before midnight
last night. The first Information was con
veyed to the authorities by Mrs. Demp
sey, who said Burke had fallen down the
front steps as he was taking his depart
ure, after spending the evening with her
self ; and husband, striking his head
against the edge of one of the steps and
fracturing his skull. There was a big
hole in the man's head and the Morgue
officials were of the opinion that it had
been made by a blow with some blunt in
strument. The body was removed to the
Morgue. The pockets were turned inside
out, but nothing of value was found on
the person of the dead man.
Robert Ford, who had been Burkes
roommate, told Policeman Beamer that
when he last saw Burke, In the morning,
he had a gold watch and between $30 and
$40 In money. The officer at once proceed
ed to Investigate the circumstances sur
rounding the alleged accident. Mrs.
Dempsey declared that Burke was drunk
when he came to the house, that his pock
ets were inside out then and that he had
neither money nor jewelry. Beamer was
not satisfied and placed both Dempsey and
his wife under arrest. A search of the
house disclosed Burkes watch and $2S
hidden under a pillow on a lounge in the
parlor of the house.
The Dempseys were piaffed in the tanks
at the City Prison, but will not be charged
until the police have further investigated
the affair.
The Morgue records show that a man
named Thomas Gill was removed from the
Dempsey house in an unconscious condi
tion on the night of March 18 and died a
few hours later. As in the case of Burke,
the Dempseys said GUI had received his
injuries by falling down the front steps
while drunk.
OfIPP nnifll Corner Fourth and
MIL UllVnl Market. S. F. Try
IllPf IS II ff 111 our Special Brew
Unl L llUlnL steam 1 "-
Will ¦• lIVIIIU sc. overcoats and
Valises checked free.
AJ \ CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I s A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXYIOORA-
* tor and Nervine.
The most wonderfnl aphrodisiac and Special
T SJ° tS r } he s « xua » Or san»5 an» for both saxe*
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NADER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
«» Market it.. S. F.-ts«ad for Circular.*
I a I! £ lorvGaCrx
AT A SACRIFICE!
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
Some Stelnways. Chickertngs. Mason & Ham-
lln. Sommers, Vose & Sons, Straubes, Helnes
and others from }40 to $200; installments $0 ?.">
up; rents $2 up; Inducements never before of-
fered; will have to be seen to be appreciated.
Store open every evening till 10 o"clock: don't
miss this chance of a lifetime; by purchasing
from ua now you will save £0 and get a better
article; fully guaranteed.
Piano Vanufacturing Co. , 136 Ellis St.
Eye=Glasses
You'll Take
Both comfort and prld* in. They'll fit jwi:
they'll become you. Our clip won't slip. Me.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 13.
OPTICIAN* pHOTCG^*% EMTiF|C jj
642 Market St^ laaTßuwNTa
N imatx CmOmiCi* Buu9>ni» . .',.'
JL0.13.C6 Conducted under the
American and Euro-
o virl P ean r'ans, and In a
dllvL manner that will sat-
isfy the most exacting
GFclliCl anc * P art!cu ' ar tasts.
1400 rooms— 9oo with
baths.
Hotels
.IBW--TAXES--18W
The second installment of real estate taxes
will be delinquent April SO. 1900, at 8 p. in
after which 5 per cent will be added. Th»
Tax Collector's office will remain open until
9 p. m. during the last week in April to ac-
commodate the public.
TUESDAY. April 21, positively last day for
receiving checks.
JOS- H. SCOTT. Tax Collector.
Jl FOR WEAK WOMEN.
10
Rabbi Nieto Addressing- the Congregation Sherith Israel
PRIVATE J. O'BRIEN.
a clever, essay, but he was handicapped, as
he was not at home on the platform and
his delivery was not distinct.
"At;. the close of * the - essays * the s medal
was awarded to O'Brien. It was pinned on
his coat by the Rev. P.O'Ryan, who made
a few appropriate remarks. -