PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LONDON, May 1?. 4 a. tm — I/jrjdcr.T
rnilUor.s eper.t ba!f the n'efci !r. the
street, and even at 4 o'clock this
morning t-'jop-s cf youis men ore
pronorsaOirij. r-rcing tTid chper
!r,g, and there ar» crowds ir. fr'.'nt of the
liarslon House. 1 House the
ciubs on Tar. Ka!! s~A the Y.'zr OSce
end in Parliament S*r-iare, vravir.^ fla^s
and Joining in the national o'.rs.
This sustained I, »¦: lowing anU uproar of
bendreda of thcuvmds nmszes the Eng
lishman rho o-cf?es for a moment to be an
actor and becomes en observer.
Sober, phlegmatic London is beside ii
fcelf wiih emotion. Gusts of patriotism
have tbe tewn quivering twice or
thric? before Curias the war. but nothing
has quite equaled to-night's hundred
square mil--s of almost furious demonsta
tier.?. It «as a carious thing for the on
looker to s=eo Ei-I^mn. gray-haired men
toss their opera hats into the a!r and ioln
In the hurricane of cherrs when a wreath
crowned banner, with the portrait of
Colonel Bsden-Pov.-fll on it, was born?
alor.g PlmtfifKy. Smart women In
bropfibaxaa waved union Jacks out of the
windows. Conventional family parties
Stopped Bt street corners to take part In
pinging "God Save the Queen" and • - Sol
diors of the Queen." Everywhere were
pood feeling and a5tonishins roars of
human voices.
No Official Coafinrstion.
It ¦was all breach! about fcy a twenty
word telegram from Pretoria that Mafe
klr.g: had been relieved. Although the
Govrr.mont has rot a word, and although
r.othJng corfirmatory lies t:eon received
from any Afrtoa n source f^ctpt Pretoria,'
nobody apparently quc-stlcr.s the news.
Arthur J. Balfour, Government leader
In the House cf Commons, speaking from
the Goverrment bench late la?t evening
eaid:
"Th«» only news I have !s throi::rh the
courtesy of the press. We have no iiv
formation at the War Office. Nor would
¦we have it as soon as it would arrive
thmuph other channels. Thrroforo the
tmcX that we have not received it neither
confirms ror dlrprcvps the accuracy ot
the information. I need hard;;- say that
we all trust and bare good reason to
think it is prcha^y true." fChrcr?.)
Mr. Gwirc? VVyndhnm. Pfiriiamcntarv
T'nfler Secretary of War. replying to sev
eral members cf the Hcu.se who had pri
vately Interrogated Mm. raid:
•¦Although the Govf-rnaent has nothing.
I am disposed to believe the Beer bul
letin. It may bo *r.-morrow and r>"rhapF
rvrn Monday bef'rr the Government
¦would g-et dlFpatrhes! from our military
commanders, cvtn If the s!fg:e rrere rais
ed some days ago. as the news would
r«*o<j to be conveyed over a long dlFtanc^
by mrsr.er.£prp on horseback, whereas
the enmy would probably be able to
avail themselves of telegraphic commu
nication.**
News rrom a Dutch Friend.
Colonel Badcri-PoWeira brother in Lon
don hap rece-Ivec! a t*-!«=trram from a Dutch
friend in Pretoria saying that Mafoklrg
fa* been relieved, Thp performers Jn
London music balls and theaters last
evening hp/j little use for stage business
cr for the lin«-s !n their piocs. Th" audi
enr»f wh5<-h rrowdwi th*> Alhamhrn. the
Empire, Covert. Garden or the theaters
had no desire to attend to Fta^r- perform
er.crp. The first ?!ght of a biograpli seenr
la the Transvaal cr the first jflimpse 01
a. r-.!'.:tary naval ' rr.ftcrai" on th« stagp
¦we? Fuf?irirnt to create an uprc.ir. A
leading actor In ere of the Strand thea
ters said: "I elid r.ot attempt to re-ad
my lines lazt pvfr.lrp. It vras of no use.
The public had no Jnt«-:r<-Ft In me l>=ycnd
th«» fact that I wore a military uniform."
At Her Majesty's Theater, at tho Gar
rick, where "Zarra" li NMr;? played, anfl
fit the other houses whrr** l*>g-it:mat»
drama holds tYifi bosrrts. the occupants
of ptalls. boxes and eal!«»ri«s Fang fn
chorus "The Ar-sent-Minded Rrp^ar" and
"Soldiers of the Queen" between acts In
nrflfr to give> vent t" their enthusiasm,
although th*>y puttied down to the pro
gramme afterward. At th^ music halls,
however, no cne pretended to take Inter
est in anything not having military color.
The Princess cf WaK-s. the Di:ko and
T5i:ch<5-FS of York and the Portufru«>se
BQsister, S<°nhor Pinto <le Sovcral, occu
piM a box at Cove-nt Garden, where
"Lcher.grin" was bring played, and when
the. reUeZ of Mafckinc v.-as nnr.ounced
the-y joined hrartily !n the apnlaune.
Great Enthusiasm Everywhere.
The Leincon f.re Insurance laws make
fireworks Impossible, and the city lacked
the b!sze of illumination characteristic
of American ojties during similar rejoic
lr.gp. The r.rit'rhcr. therefore, relies up
on lung power, onfl from St. Paul's Ca
thedral to Westminster Abbey and up
Piccadilly to Hyde Park there was a
N'iaeara-likp roar, incessant. rif-lnR and
falling hour aft^r hour as the PurpinR
ma*sea pour«d through London's thor
oughfare-s. Thrre was a lack of pyro
technic plarr-. bm every cabby and every
buFir.an in London had a union jack flut
tering from his whip and the stars and
Ftr!pe3 were by no means lacking. Pa
trons of four-\» hee-lers were not 'content
to r!d*> Inside th.- vehicles and tops were
crowded wilh fiajr-wavirs:. rheerinK
FprawHufT enthusiasts.
At Carlton Houre. which i« filler] with
Americans, the hands played "Marching
Throug-li Georgia." whirh hns been re
aoapt^d to an English song entitled
••Marching to Pretoria." -Dixie" and
other American a!rs were played. Ten
thour.and peofilc stood !n» front of Mrs.
Baden-Powell's houre St. George's
1 place, cheering and pinging, and a score
of cabs brcucht congratulations. Miss
LOURENZO. MARQUES. May lS.-In
anticipation of the closing. of the railway
from Delagoa Bay. to Pretoria Boer
agents are buying , up all the . available
provisions and forwarding them to the
Transvaal.. Extraordinary efforts are be
ing made to hasten the work.
BUYING UP PROVISIONS.
LONDON. May 18.— A special dispatch
from* Kroopstad, dated May 17. says: "A
clear case of, abuse of the' white flag has
been proved against some Boer prisoners.
They will bo punished. Lord Roberts In
tends making an ¦ example of them. A
British patrol was fired upon from a house
flying' tho white -flag near Klipfonteln.
Three were wounded and three were cap
tured. The house has been burned."
The siege of Mafeking lasted seven
months and four days. ' The British gar
rison, under the command of Colonel R.
S. S. Baden-Powell, consisted of twenty
three officers of the British army, three
on special service or at their own in
stance, 600 mounted men. mostly colonial
pollce;'500 infantry, and a battery of field
artillery, 150 men with six guns and a
Maxim detachment, besides a battalion cf
white male residents, who were organized
for defense, and some companies of- na
tives. . .
' Colonel Baden-Powell, with Lord Ed
ward Cecil, Major Vyyyan and others had
been on the ground some weeks preparing
for offensive or defensive operations, as
the case might be.
The war began on October 11, and the
next day the Boers derailed and captured
the armored train at Kraal Pan, between
Mafeking and Vryburg, thereby cutting
off rail communication with Klmberley
and the south. On October 15 they seized
the water works at Rooi Groonel and by
the next day had practically surrounded
an<l Invested the town, and on the 21st
began a bombardment.
* On October 23 and 27 and again on No
vember 3 the garrison made sortie?
against the works, while the enemy were
gradually pushing In closer toward the
town, with some success and considerable
loss to both sides.
On November B the Boers made an as
sault, which \va-s successfully re'pulsed.
December 4, seeing no prospect for* near
relief. Colonel Powell put the garrison
and citizens on short rations.
December 26 the garrison made a night
attack on the. "sandbag" fort to the north
of the town, inflicting some loss on the
enemy, but suffering much themselves In
both officers. and men.
Regular bombardment was kept up
throughout almost every day excepting
Sunday, when by mutual consent 1 both
sides rested.
: March 31 Colonel Plumer's column of
1150 men from Rhodesia, on the north, ad
vancing to the relief- of the town, was
finally repulsed ' at Ramatulabama, eight
een miles from Mafeking. and fell back to
Mathudl. This hope destroyed. Colonel
Baden-Powell cut the rations, now . con-
Blstlng largely, of mule and horse meat,
and bran, still further, and waited for the
relief column from the south which Lord
Roberts promised should reach him be
tween the 18th and 22d of May.
Just when the relief column left the
Vaal River or who Is in command of it
has not appeared from the dispatches,
though It is surmised that It Is a. part of
Major General Hunter's force,, probably
under Colonel Paget. which crossed the
Vaal River at Wlno'sorton on the 8th
Inst. and reached Vryburg. about 103 miles
from Mafeking, on the 11th.
' As the relief column, of whose advance
they were kept advised ' by their scouts,
drew near the Boers redoubled their ef
forts" to reduce the town and the heaviest
fighting the Varrison has had to do has
been during these last few days.
ABUSE OF THE WHITE FLAG.
. ¦• ¦ / .
SUMMARY OF THE \
SIEGE OF MAFEKING
Only two of our 'men were wounded.
Steyn was not there, and his government
officials had left Sunday.
"Hutton's Mounted Infantry yesterday
surprised and captured about thirty
miles noth west of this place Commandant
Botha. Field Cornel Gassen, five Johann
esburg policemen, and seventeen Boers.
There were no casualties on. our aide.
"Buller reports, that several Natal
farmers are handing In arms."
be forgotten that Colonel Baden-Powell's
most energetic and most 'capable helper
was Lord Cecil, son of the Premier, whose
mother died while he was doing duty far
from home and cut off from communica
tion with his family."
. ¦ Nw • -
BOER PEACE ENVOYS :
¦¦"¦• /RECEIVE THE NEWS
. BALTIMORE, May IS.— The first intima
tion "of {he" relief of' Mafeking which came
to tho Boer envoys was conveyed to them
by a representative of the Associated
Press who .boarded the . Congressional
Limited, upon which they were being con
veyed to Washington, as It passed
through Baltimore. Abraham Fischer,
who acted as spokesman for the party,
read the dispatches from Pretoria and
London carefully, but without any show
of emotion. . *
"I have no comment to make at this
time," he said. "In the absence of official
information I much prefer to say noth
ing." ' . . . '.
"Would the news, If true. Indicate a
near approach of the end of the war?" he
was asked. - , . . .
"By no means,"- was the reply.. "There
is much to be done before there can be an
end to hostilities,, even, if ; Mafeking hus
been relieved."
... "Do .you agree with ; Lord . Roberts In
his prediction that the fighting will be
over by the Queen's birthday?"
"By no . manner of means, unless the
Knglish surrender," replied the .envoy, as
the train moved out of the station on Its
way to Washington.
GENERAL BULLER HAS
OCCUPIED NEWCASTLE
LONDON", May IS.— It Is officially an
nounced-that General Buller has occupied
Newcastle.
. General Buller In a dispatch to the War
Office, dated Newcastle. May IS, says:
"Newcastle was occupied last night, arid
to-day J the whole Second Division and
Third Cavalry Brigade will be concen
trated there. I have sent the mounted
force through Nqutu to expel a" small
force of the enemy and to reassure the
natives. •
"The enemy have burned the chapel,
broken much glass, plundered many
houses and, taken cash -from the banks,
but. otherwise they have not done much
harm;- The. railway .is badly damaged and
the Ingagane and Nkader bridges. are de
stroyed,, as 'are 'many- culverts and the
pumping" stations and water, workd.
."Of the 7000 men flying before us about
1000 seem to have gone to Wakkerstroem
and some by. Millers i Pass to the Free
State. ¦; The remainder, who are described
as a disorganized rabble, have gone north
and say ; they 'Intend to make a stand at
Laings Nelc.".^ - "
HEROIC BADEN-POWELL
. PRAISED BY THE PRESS
LONDON.' May 19.— That' not only Mafe
king : but. the whole United Kingdom • is
relieved is demonstrated by the utterances
of the morning papers.
. The Dally Telegraph says: ' "Mafeking
is a small place. Its fall would have
made ; no difference", during the' course of
the war; .but while the .balance of battle
was" redressed upon , the. great. fields of
conflict,, .the '.unconquerable; little town
shut up in' the 'north saw' the few weeks
for which -it-was expected. to. hold put pass
Into months of isolation. Never. wifl Eng
land forget the hai|py, hopeful thrill that
came to her when Colonel Baden-Powell
said, /Mafeking can't tfe" taken by sitting
down and: looking at- It/ .There is no.ad
vancement which the nation would : not
hail as a, fair -reward; for the brilliant'ca
paclty, cheerfulness: arid Iron courage ot
the* hero '.of jthe : empire." ; ' '. .'
The,Standard says:':,"As a'flnal blow, to
the hopes of the. enemy comes the. hews
"from Washington that the United States.
¦Cabinet. met- to; consider a Pretoria dis
patch asking Intervention and that Presi
dent McKlnley.-arid his colleagues decided
.that they can take no steps whatever. If
the Boers want peace they must sue for
It from the .Imperial Government." ',
'The Times' says : "The demonstrations
last evening In London have had np paral
lel'In recent times. Nor was this surpris
ing. ¦¦' There has been nothing like the de
fense of Mafeking in modern history.
Kars and Lucknow were. fine examples of
valor, and endurance and resourcefulness,
but the means of defense. in those 'cases
were infinitely greater than what was at
the . disposition of Colonel Baden-Powell
and his valiant comrades. It should not
and lobbies and soon began to be circu
lated among the members of the House of
Commons.
Thomas C. Iledderwick,'. advanced Lib
eral member for the Wick District, amid
considerable evdtoment said he- under
stood that news of the relief of Mafeking
had been received. Was that so? No
Minister made any reply, and the debate
was continued. But .the House no longer
took any Interest in it. and the members
went into the lobbies 'to discuss the great
event. .' ' , _' '
MAY CAUSE
KING OSCAR
TO ABDICATE
NO INTERVENTION UNLESS
REQUESTED BY BOTH SIDES
QALL HEADQUARTERS, WELL'NGTON HOTf:L, WASHING
TON, May 18«— The question of American; intervention
in the South African war was discussed at the Cabinet
meeting to-day, and the general conclusion jpeach^ was to
adhere to the former decision again
mediation should be '~pc quested' by, both sides, '¦'?¦
trait . of Baden-Powell was displayed,
bearing the inscription, "Mafeking re
lieved." . . . - .
' While the attendants were ¦waving Union
Jacks the Lord Mayor briefly addressed
the assemblage, saying:
"I wish your cheers could reach Mafe
king "
Here tho speech was interrupted by re
doubled efforts and > singing of "Rule
Britannia," after which the Lord Mayor
remarked:
" "We never doubted what the end would
be'or^that British pluck and courage
woi'.ld' conquer at last."
The Lord Mayor then led the crowd " In
singing "God Save the Queen," and "Sol
diers'of tho Queen," and with renewed
cheering and the waving of flags by the
assembled, multitude 'and the singing of
"For He's a Jolly Good Fellow," the
Mayor and his party retired. The masses
of people outside the Mansion'House soon
grew to such dimensions that the- police
were compelled, to divert all traffic, omni;
buses, etc., through the side streets.' .
Special' editions of the newspapers . ap
peared and the .tickers, announced "the
news in- all the public resorts. •• In the
We3t End leading thoroughfares were im
peded by a constant stream of the popu
lace cheerinjr themselves hoarse and sing
ing "God Save the Queen" and "Soldiers
of the Queen." ¦ . •• • .
The enthusiasm as this dispatch Is sent
already promises to even rival the scenes
which followed the relief of Ladysmlth. j
A reporter of the Associated Press In
quired at. the Foreign Office, and the'resi
dent clerks said that nothing had yet been
received there in confirmation of ths news
from Pretoria of the relief of Mafeking.
The dispatch of . the Associated Press
containing the news of the relief of the
long besieged place was pent to the House
of Parliament, where it created a great
deal of excitement in the press gallery
tkj railway deviation at Valsch River.
There are 12,000 Boers at Rhenoster
Spruit. Reconnoltering parties are sighted
daily by the British patrols. •
Commandant Xel. with the Johannes^
burg "Zarps," Is actively commandeering
fifteen miles northwest -of Kroonstad.
Desperate efforts are, being made by the
Tr.iiiEvaalers to get every man on the
lighting line. All exemptions have been
canceled. The civil administration is re
duced to the lowest limits. The Boers
have dyn-amited Laings tunnel and the
railway is completely wrecked. The worli
of repairs will occupy many weeks. The
Boers now hold the best positions for de
fending the pass.
GREAT REJOICJNG IN
THE BRITISH METROPOLIS
LONDON. May 18.— Mafeking has been
relieved.
The dispatch of the Associated Press
announcing the relief of Mafeking was
posted outside the Mansion House and the
news .rapidly spreads A large crowd col
lected, and at U1I3 hour all the streets In
the neighborhood are already resounding
with cheers.
The .War. Office at 9 o'clock announced
that no " news had been received, and at
9:40 the Lord ftlayor, A. J. Newton, in his
official robes, announced the joyful news
to'the crowd outside. '
The Lord Mayor was accompanied by
the. Lady Mayoress to the front of the
Mansion Housb, where an enormous por-
Baden-Powell, the Colonel's sister, said:
"The same tale has been brought us
many times during the last anxious
months. The War Offlce has promised us
the earliest information. We only hope
it Is true."
Later in the evening Colonel Baden-
Powell's mother pent word that she had '¦
retired, anJ that if any telegrams cu.rne j
ohe v.;i:* not to be disturbed until rricrn
ing. \ '¦
The boy.i of tho Charter Houfc School,
where Colonel Baden-Powell was educat
ed, wore arou?cd from sleep by the. news,
and the institution quickly became a ver
itable pand"emonium of noise and enthusi
asm.
Newton to Baden-Powell.
As soon as the information of the relief
was received the Lord Mayor. A. J. New
ton, pent the following dispatch to Colo
nel Baden-Powell:
"The citizcni of London are relieved.
They rejoice in the good r?\v3 received.
Your gallant defonfe will long live in
British annals. Cable me what money is
wanted for the needs of the garrison and
inhabitants after long privations."
. In unrestrained jubilations the provinces
were not behind the metropolis. Although
London had the start by a few minutes,
the great Industrial and surrounding
towns so'on burst Into patriotic demon
stration?. Bells rla.sh.ed in their steeples.
Village bands turned out and people gath
ered in the squares to chant fervidly
"God Save the Queen." From all parts
of (he empire comes the rarne story.
Bombay, Hongkong, Colombo and the
Australian cities are rejoicing. Conti
nental cities, as Xtie press telegrams
abundantly testified, received the news
sadly.
I'nrlr-r tlie head of "How the News Was
Received,? the Daily Chronicle says:
'The telegram to the Associated Press
from Pretoria, the historic dispatch an
nouncing the relief of Mafoklng, was sent
from the cnnital of the Transvaal at
11:35 a. m.. Hay 18. It reached; the Lon
don office at 9:1" p. m., and was instantly
dispatched to every quarter of the globe.
By 10;30 p. m. had come a response from
far-off Toronto d^erlbir.g the reception
of the news there. ¦ This is not surprising
in view of the fr.ct thnt four minutes
after the receipt of the telegram here It
was in the Associated Pr^ss office In New
York, v.hence It was forwarded to the fur
thermost limits of the North. American
continent." —-
Jo«oph Chamberlain called at the War
Office after midnight and received a tre
mendous ovatic.n.
Important Operations. ....
The relief of Mafeking has had the
effect of suspending for a moment Interest
in the operations elsewhere In the field
of war. Nevertheless yesterday brought
important official announcements. Lord
Methuen entered Hoopstad Thursday. He
Is. now seventy milos from Kroonstad and
fifty from Bothaville. General Buller en
tered Newcastle Thursday evening. Lord
Roberts ie not Idle. 'While waiting fol
klores at Kroorstad he is using bis
mounted men to search a wide tract of
country. Colonel Uroadwood • "occupied
Lindley on Thursday and> the same day
Colonel Il'jtton captured one of. the
Bothas. thirty miles from Kroonstad.
General Rundle on Thursday encamped at
Clocolan. British successes are thus re :
ported at every point from which news
came yesterday.
A Lourcnzo Marques correspondent tel
egraphed yesterday as follows: "New
peace proposals will probably be r>ut for
ward by the Boer Government. The re
cent reverses are causing despondency.
There was a prolonged meeting- of the
Transvaal executives at Pretoria Thurs
day and the destruction of the mines was
again considered. It is understood that
the Government does not intend to de
stroy tho mines."
According to other advices from th<»
Bame rolnt President Krusrer and the
other high officials purpose leaving almost
immediately for Lydenburg. The British
prisoners will be conveyed there and the
foreign consuls at Pretoria are leaving
for Lydenburg:.
In Kroonstad It Is said that President
Kruger will surrender when Lord Roberts
crosses the Transvaal frontier.
To Johannesburg Next.
Lord Roberts Is accumulating immense
quantities of supplies and the prepara
tions for another movement are well ad
vanced. The next etop will be Johannes
burg. Two thousand men are working on
Millions Spend
Half the Night
Promenading,
Singing, and
Cheering the
Portrait of Ba
den-Powell.
LONDON. May IS.— Mr. Bennett Bur-
Ie:gh wires from Kroonstad to the Dally
Telegraph that fewer than 5000 burghers
will support President Kruger beyond
Pretoria or go with him to the mountains.
FEW WILL SUPPORT KRUGEB.
TO EXTEND VOLUNTEER ACT.
LONDON. May IS.— In the House of
Lords the Secretary for War. the Marquis
of Lansdowne, introduced a bill to extend
the powers of the volunteer act by pro
viding that volunteers may be mobilized
In any great . emergency, instead of only
to repel actual invasion, and also to en
able volunteers .to enter Into an agree
ment rendering them liable to be called
en at any time tor either home or foreign
service.
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Coiry
rlght, 19C0. by New York Herald Com
pany. Republlcation of this dispatch Is
prohibited. AH rights reserved in taa
United States and Great Britain.]
PRETORIA. May 17.— There la a decisive
crisis In the war here. Lord Roberts" ad
vance from Bloemfonteln to Kroonstad
was practically an unobstructed march.
The Boers did not fight and failed to make
an effective stand anywhere.
At Brandfort the Boera retreated before
the British within rifle range, leaving
Colonel Blake's Irlsh-Amerlcar.s and other
out!anders to do all the fighting. These
lost heavily.
President Steyn personally endeavored
to induce the burghers to stand at Kroon
stad, but failed, they continuing to fall
back notwithstanding his appeal.
General Botha with a handful of brave
men protected tbe rear. Kroonstad was
evacuated for a day when the British were
within a few miles and the Free- State
capital removed to Heilbron. The war is
over so far as the Free State Is concerned.
The Boers have abandoned Natal and
retired to Lalngs Nek.
WAR OVER AS TO
THE FREE STATERS
. After retiring -to their rooms Mr. Fis
cher outlined to the representatives of
the press what they hope to accomplish
In the United States.
"We are," said he. "supplied with cre
dentials frcm our Governments and have
full power to act in a diplomatic capacity.
It will not be proper for us at this tlmo
to cay what our course will be before we
have taken steps to communicate with
those with whom we expect to deal. We
come In the interest of peace and a ces
sation of the bloody war. We an; en
gaged in a struggle with the country with
which your ration was engaged over a
hundred years ago and we feel that we
will have the rr.oral support of your peo
ple. The Boers will not give up the strug
gle.
"The Boers are wllllntr that this trouble
shall be settled by arbitration, and al
though an effort was made to settle It In
that way before the war began It was
without result. We are still willing that
the trouble shall be settled by arbitration
and are willing to abide by the result. We
are anxious that the United States inves
tigate the question of difference and use
Its influence to put an end to the war."
Plans of Peace Envoys
The delegates then retired to their
rooms. Later Cor>.jir?3srr.an Sulser an
nuunced that the meeting on Sunday ev
ening at the Grand Opera-house in honor
of the commissioners was to be a recep
tion and not a demonstration.
A number of prominent public men are
to make addresses. Including Senators
Wellington. Allen and Teller; Representa
tives Sulzer, Do Armond. Rhea, Shafroth
and Clark of Missouri; Bourke Cockran
of New York and two of th.e envoys,
Fischer and "Wessels.
A committee consisting of Senators
Teller. Mason and Allen and Representa
tives Robinson, Sulzer and Clark have
been appointed to visit the White House
and State Department to arrange for
the visit* of the envoys to the President
and Secretary Hay. To-morrow they are
to remain most cf the day at the hotel.
For a Sunday Meeting.
WASHINGTON". May IS.— Messrs.
Fischer. Wolmaranr. and Wes
seln, the Boer commissioners of
the Transvaal, arrived la
Washington to-night. Accom
panied by the Congressional and citizens*
committee, which escorted th^rn from
Ncv York, they reached the city on the
Congressional limited train at R:33 o'clock,
ami were given an enthusiastic welcome.
They were met at the station by mem
ber? of the reception committee, which
Included some members of Congress, and
escorted In carriages to the Arlington
Hot*!, where they are to remain durln?
their stay In this city. A number of peo
ple were on hand to witness their arrival,
as were also many along the route which
the delegates took to the hotel. Tho
avenue was illuminated.
At tfie hotel the envoys retired to their
rooms for a short while, and later, with
the reception committee, assembled in the
banquet hall, where they were given an
Informal reception. Congressman Sulzer.
the chairman of the reception commltee,
introduced the envoys and then briefly
made an address welcoming tho visitors
to the capital in the name "of the llb«rty
loving- people of the greatest nation on
earth."
Delegate Fischer responded. He thanked
those present very much for their kind
ness and hoped to have the opportunity
to show whether they deserved It or not.
Have Full Power to
Act in* a Diplomatic
Capacity and Will
Endeavor to Induce
Uncle Sam to Inter
vene in the War
Now Being Waged
in South Africa.
Boer Peace En
voys Receive a
Warm Wel
come Upon
Their Arrival
at the National
Capital.
MAFEKING RELIEVED AND JOY RUNS
RIOT IN THE STREETS OF LONDON
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXV1I-NO. 180.
HEAD OF THE BRITISH RELIEF COLUMN APPROACHING MAFEKING.
Twenty- Word Tele
gram From Pre
toria Gives News
That Causes the Ut
most Rejoicing, but
the British Govern
ment Has No Official
Confirmation.
The San Francisco Call
LONDON. May 18.— The Stock- -^
holm - correspondent - of the
Daily. Press says: "Rumors 4
are abroad here in pro-Boer
circles that King Oscar's 4
declaration . of ¦ sympathy with h
Great Britain may cause him to H
abdicate, as it has embittered his *
relations with the Cabinet. The 4
Crown . Prince's ! birthday, June
2G, Is mentioned as^ the occasion
for a public announcement." . I
COMMANDANT. BOTHA
SURPRISED AND CAPTURED
LONDON, May IS.— 4:2S p. m.— The fol
lowing: dispatch has been received from
Lord Roberts at the War Office:
, "KROONSTAD, May IS.— Methuen en
tered Jloopstael yesterday unopposed. Gen
erals Duprey and Daniels and ...forty -men
have surrendered. Broadwood' occupied
Lindley yesterday after slight opposition.Mail Steamer Which Plies Between
| Sitka and Unalaska Long .Over
due and It Is Feared '¦}<
She Is Lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VICTORIA, n. C, May 18.— The Wig
tramp ' steamer Hero, engaged in the
coal carrying trade between Van
couver Island collieries . and Una
laska, arrived from the north
this morning, having left -Dutch
Harbor on May 10. Tha vessel brings news
that 150 miles to the northward of Dutch
Harbor there is a sea of ice which no
vessel could break" through.
The steamer Alpha, on her way to Nome
from Victoria, has been prevented from
completing her voyage and on the 7th
inst. had. put back to Dutch Harbor, to
renew her supply of. coal after lying off
the ice for twenty days.' She Balled again
on the 9th and will await her first oppor
tunity of making headway. The Alpha
had been thirty-four days out from Van
couver on her arrival at Dutch Harbor
and had contended against pretty bad
weather, such as prevailed at the time of
th© .Hero's departure for the south* The
whafers Alexander, "William Bailliss, Bel
vedere and Belega and the barkentlne Fit
cairn, bound for Nome with freight and
passengers, were at Unalaska when the
Hero 6ailed and : the officers gave It aa
their opinion that the Alpha would not
reach Nome till on toward the last of
June.
According to the officers of the Hero
the little mall steamer plymg between
SItka and Unalaska is missing,- being a
month overdue at the latter port when the
Hero was there.
One of the Alpha's passengers, who re
turned on the Hero, reports that there
was much suffering among the passengers
on the steamers which made an early
start on account of the lack of accommo
dations and the cold.
Steamer Alpha Obliged to
Put Into Dutch Harbor
for Coal.
SEA OF ICE
BLOCKED WAY
TO CAPE NOME
¦ DFNVER, May 18.— At to-day's morning
session of* the [convention of tha'Western
Federation of | Miners action w^s taken
on several amendments to the" constitu
tion, two of ., which are quite , important.
In future the Federation .will pay. the ex
penses of one delegate from each. union to
the annual ¦conventions.-/ This! is done for
the reason that many locals are too .weak
to feel justified In; bearing the expense In
dent to sending a representative hundreds
—sometimes thousands-^of miles, * so that
theso . small unions often have no 'dele
gates in attendance./ The other amend
ment provides -that a .¦; majority vote of
the executive board be -sufficient to sanc
tion strikes, instead of, a two-thirds vote.
James R. • Sovereign addressed' the con
vention for. an hour and a half. He spoke
d'Alenes.
Declares Employers Were . Responsi
,J.ble for the Trouble in the. Coeur
SOVEREIGN ADDRESSES
, MINERS' CONVENTION
CHICAGO. May 18.— Twenty persons at
the dinner table In Mrs. Anna Smith's
boarding-house were startled last night
when, following an explosion In the
kitchen, the proprietress of the place ran
into the dining-room wrapped In a sheet
of flames. Screaming for help she rushed
Into another room* fled back again through
the crowd of alarmed boarders and fell
unconscious upon the floor of the kitchen.
The guests started to her rescue, but
when the door leading: Into the cooking
room wan- opened It was found to be in
flames also' and they retreated In fear.
Two other persons were burned during
Chicago Boarding-House;
Three Persons Badly Burned in a
KEROSENE EXPLOSION.
Pensions, Postoffice Changes and
Work of California Congressmen.
Spe^U! Dtepatch to Th« CalL
WASHINGTON, May IS.— Pensions for
Californians: Restoration and increase-
James T. Southard. San Francisco, $6. In
crease—Archibald C. Tigner, Los Angeles,
$S; Charles Clark. Halleck. $8; Robert
Clark, Soldiers' Home, Los Anegles, $8.
Oregon: Additional— George Chapin, Le
land, $8. Increase— Fred Grob, Talent, $12;
Herrin J. Finch. Baker City, $8.
Washington: Increase— Pinkney C. Cole,
Olympia, $S; George L. Nelson. Ortlng, $12.
The poBtofflce- will ' be discontinued on
May 31 at Danby, San Bernardino County.
Mall should be sent to Blake. Lawrence
M. Scholl has been commissioned Post
master at Hubbard, Or., and Mary V.
Ryherd at Tahoe, Cal. A. F. Adams has
been appointed Postmaster at Lancha
Piano, Amador County, vice E. H. Earle,
removed, and A. L. Mason at Lodyga,
Colusa County, vice W. H. Ragaln, re
signed.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
approved the application to convert the
Commercial National Bank of Berkeley.
Cal.. into the First National Bank of
Berkeley, with a capital of $100,000.
Representative Kahn Introduced a bill
providing payment to Gottlieb Groezinger
of $1047 taxes paid on brandy destroyed
by lire.
Representative Waters introduced a bill
Increasing to $27 the pension of Alice W.
Fitch. Also a bill removing the charge of
desertion from the military record of Ben
jamin L. Gorsuch..
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
PARIS, May 18.— A skillful; thief has
been operating at the United States offices
at the exposition. Olivier Hlne, an expert
inline] section of ; liberal arts, was about
to' proceed to the payment of the Btaff of
employes ¦• when ¦ he discovered that his
pocketbook, contaJning-lSOO francs in bank
notes and a check for 700 francs, had dls
appeared from , an inside : pocket of his
coat.f? : : - ¦:.'-¦¦'¦ .-..*.:: .„.:,.-¦..¦
¦'-Fifteen persons, were. waiting their turn
to be?paia around hlnv at the time and
air asked to be searched, but no trace of
,the. missing property could- be found.
the Paris Fair.
Operating in the American Section at
CLEVER . THIEF AT WORK.
PRETORIA. May 17— (Thursday)— Pres
ident Steyn arrived here last night and is
now in close conference with the Trans
vaal'Government. . -. . r ." '• ¦ .
STEYN IN PRETORIA.
LONDON, May 18.— From the mention
of ¦ the j laagers In the Pretoria dispatch
It is understood here that prior, to the
raisin? of the siege of Mafeklngr the Boer
laagers !arountl* that place were vigorous
ly bombarded by the British . relief col
umn and tho burghers practically com
pelled to abandon the siege. .
PRETORIA, May 38.— It was officially
announced to-day that when the laagers
and forts around Maf eking had been se
verely I bombarded . the siege was aban
doned. .
ABANDONED THE SIEGE
V AFTER BOMBARDMENT
'•While -as* my chief I would naturally
stick ud for him, apart from this I have
the highest regard for him. I hold him to
be the. true type of the soldier of the fu
ture, one of those who should and must
command armies if victories are to be
won. As a. soldier his tact and resources
are remarkable. This could not come by
accident. They are the result of a careful
garnering and accumulation of minute de-J
tails to advanlaee. Where people have
Imagined him reckless Col. Baden-Powell
has really been cautions.- You know "he
was criticized for wearing rubber .shoes
and for prowling about the rocks at\nlght
instead of leaving the task to others. 'We
nicknamed him 'Old . Rubber Shoes,' but
he was right, despite all the poking of fun.
He Is a wonderfully able scout and quick
at sketches. I do not know another who
could have done the work at Maf eking if
the same conditions had been imposed. AH
the bits of knowledge he studiously gath
ered In twenty years have been utilized in
saving that community."
LONDON, May 19.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
gives un interview with Mr. Burnham. the
American "scout, ¦who discusses the char
acteristics of Colonel Baden-Powell, with
whom Burnham served in Matabeleland.
The scout says: y
SCOUT BURNHAM
PRAISES BRAVE "B.-P."
¦ - ¦ • • j * ¦ ¦
The Western Labor Union adopted reso
lutions inviting all union organization to
affiliate and a resolution advocating the
broadest possible liberality consistent
with the proper conduct In the recogni
tion of union cards, and providing that
all possible assistance shall be extended
to holders of union cards. The union
labels of the principal organizations were
indorsed.
of the Coeur d'Alene strike and of the
Investigation at Washington, where he
was a witness before the Congressional
committee. He declared it his belief that
the mine owners thelnselves were respon
sible , for the blowing up of mines and
mills at Wardner.
Kaiser Orders Another Drama.
BERLIN, May 18.— Ctfptaln Lauff , . .au
thor of "The Iron Tooth," has been or
dered by Emperor William to write an
other Hohenzollern drama for .1901, when
will be celebrated the bl-centenary. of
the Kingdom of Prussia. - The drama will
treat of the great' elector. A' conference
between Captain Lauff and the Emperor
on the subject lasted until 1 o'clock in the
morning and resulted In settling the whole
plan of the play.
NEW TORK, May IS.— M. G. Palllso,
one of the leaders of the Chicago platform
Democracy, which will hold a, State con
vention to-morrow, to-night outlined the
plan for the convention.
"It is our purpose," he said, "to reaffirm
the Chicago platform, add to it planks on
anti-imperialism and trusts, call on the
regular Democratic State Convention to
instruct its delegates to vote for • Bryan
end then adjourn until June 6. If the reg
ulars do not Instruct for Colonel Bryan at
the Academy of Music convention on June
5 we will meet again and send a contest
ing delegation to Kansas City.
"There will be 300 delegates ? from all
parts of the State \t our convention to
morrow,. and they will represent true
Democracy."
nois Outline Plans.
Chicago Platform Democrats of Illi-
' resented at Philadelphia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 18.— Republican
managers have taken alarm at the sug
gestion recently made that the United
States Senate promises to be too much
in evidence at the Philadelphia conven
tion. Probably some other man than
Senator Spooner will be selected to make
the speech nominating McKinley.
According to the programme hereto
fore arranged five Senators are booked
for conspicuous places in the conven
tion—Senator Wolcott as temporary
presiding ofllcer, Senator Lodge as per
manent chairman, Senator Spooner to
mako the nominating speech. Senator
Hanna as chairman of the National
Committee, and Senator Koraker as
chairman of the committee on resolu
tions. •
These Senators, together -with many
others who have been appointed delegates
at large from their respective States,
would give the Senate a much larger
representation In the convention than is
deemed judicious by many Republicans,
who fear a repetition of the old charge
that tho rich men of the Senate are
dominating the party. . ,
¦ ¦ t /
BRYAN THEIR IDOL. /
Republican Leaders Believd tlie Up
per House Will Be Too Well Rep-
the fire, which originated from the ex
plosion of a kerosene can.
The victims are: Mrs. Annie Smith,
keeper of the boarding-house. Her clothes
weie ignited by burning oil. Her face,
hands and body were severely burned. She
was taken to the hospital and will die.
Leo Leahy was asleep on a couch in the
kitchen when the explosion occurred. His
clothing was ignited and his hands, shoul
ders and face were severely burned. Ho
may die.
Edward Leahy was burned and his hair
was singed while rescuing Mrs. Smith
from the burning room.
SENATOR SPOONER MAY
NOT NOMINATE M'KINLEY
Committee.
DANCING AND
CARD PLAYING
DEMORALIZING
Acting under the advice of the Board
ot Bishops, the committee on episcopacy,
at Its meeting to-day, decided to recom
mend to the General Conference that an
additional Bishop be elected to take
charge of the work In Eastern China.
This makes three missionary Bishops
which the coherence will be called upon
to elect at the present session. The offi
cial toj>e put in charge of Eastern Asia
will be located in Shanghai, China, and
will be required to spend four months in
Japan and one month in Korea each year.
The action will be presented to the Gen
eral Conference to-morrow. The commit
tee decided upon Zurich, Switzerland, as
the episcopal residence for Europe. •
Bishop AlcCabe. who occasioned con
siderable surprise several days ago by
preparing and riving oui for publication
a set of satirical resolutions referring to
the outside work performed by the Bish
ops, may be censured by the conference
for his action. To-day Chairman J. M. !
Buckley declared that the committee on I
episcopacy would inx-estigate Bishop ilc-
Cabe's action and report to the General I
Conference. He laid the case before the
tub-committee on administration of Bish
ops, together with a copy of the resolu
tions that have caused the trouble. The
sub-committee considered the matter at a
secret session and decided to follow the
edvice of Dr. Buckley and make a thor
o'Ugh Investigation. Bishop McCabe will. It
is said, be summoned before the commit
tee.
The result of the rlxth ballot for two
additional Birhops wa« announced this
incrr.ing to the conference, as follows:
Henry Spellxneyer, SH9: J. F. Berry, 254-
D. H. Moore, 259: J. W. Hamilton. 2S2-
W. V. Keller. 166: J. W. E. Bowen. 57;
T. B. ICeely, 16: others from 1 to 13 votes j
each. A buzz of excitement came from i
the delegates when the heavy increase !
in Dr. S;>enmeyer's vote was •• note5>. put
ting the Newark <N. J.) pastor for the !
first time far ahead In the race for the j
episcopacy. ¦ . . I
Dr. J. M. Buckley, a* chairman of the'
New York East delegation, then with- j
drew Dr. VV". V*. Keiley'* name, saying ;
: hat for family reasons the editor of the
?.lethodist Keview requested his friends
tc no longer vote for him, Amid consid- 1
erable confusion, the seventh ballot was 1
Bishop for Eastern China.
Amusements.
dulgence in Certain
Declares by a Vote of Forty-Five
to Twenty-Five Against In-
Germany and Congo Independent
State Have Settled Dispute.
BERLIN, May IS.— The Foreign Office
to-day admitted that a diplomatic agree
ment was reached a month ago between,
the Congo Independent State and Ger.
many regarding the disputed territory in
the Lake Kivoo district, thus showing
that If hostilities have broken out as re
ported between Belgians and Germans
there it has been without authorization.
BLOODSHED UNNECESSARY.
Police of St. Louis Guarding a Trolley Car.
Some Lively Shooting.
John Kenna, a saidon-keeper on Gratiot
street, was probably fatally wounded^ and
Robert Nelson , colored, and Emergency
Officer- Jacob j Holllngsworth slightly
Wounded to-night . In a riot at ¦ the south
end of the Fourteenth-street bridge.
Kenna had been drinking hard for several
days and to-night as a car on the Chou
teau avenue division of the Transit Com
pany was rounding the curve at Four
teenth and Gratiot streets he stepped up
to it andt drawing a revolver attempted
to shoot the motorman. The car was
going ,too fast- for him and he missed his
mark. He then began shooting at the
conductor and Special Officer Hollings
worth, who were standing on the rean
platform. ' "The officer jumped from the
car and walking toward the Intoxicated
saloon-keeper began shooting at him.
Four of- his bullets struck Kenna's body.
Kenna .continued to shoot at the officer
and the last shot he fired struck Hollings
worth In the left hand. One bullet, which
went, wide, passed through Nelson's ear.
Kenna was taken to the hospital, "where
the physicians dffered no hope of his re
covery. ¦ . ¦ ¦ . i
Patrolman Henry E. Barton was shot
and painfully /wounded to-day on Jeffer
son avenue, near Geyer. Barton was on
a car of the ' Jeff erson avenue line as a
guard. As the car passed Geyer avenue
a few ' stones werejthrown and then sev
eral shots rang out. One bullet struck
Barton in the head." A riot call was sent
in and a squad of policed hurried' to the
scene. The - crowd/ which had gathered
iit-the sound of the shots. was dispersed
without 'trouble.'/; Barton was taken to a
drugstore, where '.an examination showed
that the bullet 'had "only made a scalp
wound and had" glanced off. A number
of men in houses near where the shoot
ing occurred were arrested and sent- to
the, police station pending an Investiga
tion. "
- Cable Strands Severed.
;• Shortly after noon to-<lay three cable
cars started east from the power house
of the Fourth-street railway on Eight
eenth street and Park avenue. At Fourth
street and Chouteatr avenue the cars,
stopped and upon investigation it was
found that the cable had been cut. When
the free end of the cable arrived at the
power house It was found that all the
strands had been severed, presumably by
a steel saw. The task of. splicing the
cable, and running it through the conduits
will be a difficult one, and the road prob
ably will not be In shape for a day or
two." • •
General Manager Baumhoff appeared
discouraged to-day over the conditions
prevailing. "It is very dishearteninc" he
said, "to see how little protection a big
corporation can obtain for its property.
In my judgment, the militia should be
called out, for the police have demon
strated, to my satisfaction at least, that
they are not willing or capable of pro
tecting our property. However, I shall
not request that the militia be ordered
out, as I have become tired of making
requests." s ¦
The House of Delegates at Its- meeting
to-day passed the Kelly ordinance annull
ing the franchises of. all the street rail
ways in St. Louis unless they run their
rars In compliance with the terms of the
city ordinances.
Sympathetic Strike.
'ST.. LOUIS, Mo.. May 18.— At a meeting
of 100 heads of labor unions called last
night, it was resolved at 12:50 this (Sat
urday) morning to recommend to the
controlling central bodies that a sympa
thetic strike be inaugurated of all the
labor unions in St. Louis.
ST. .LOUIS, May 18.— There -was no
conference to-day between repre
sentatives of the striking street-car
employes and of the St. Louis Tran
sit Company, although President
Ilawes, of the Board of Police Commis
sioners, tried to get the two parties to tho
strike controversy together in still.an
other meeting. The Federal Grand Jury
was . in session all day to-day. It had
under consideration the hindrances and
obstructions to the t'nlted Slates mail,
caused by the present street-car strike.
Rioting broke out afresh 'to-day in va
rious parts of the city and several casual
ties of a severe nature were reported.
At noon a crowd of 400 or more men,
women and boys congregated along La
clede, between Grand and Theresa ave
nues, and stopped the cars as they ap
proached b> k mean3 of obstructions piled
on the tracks." Persons In the crowd com
menced throwing stones and some shots
were lired. One of the bullets struck J.
R. Richardson, a conductor, on the head.
He Is probably fatally wounded.
A special officer on one of the cars was
dragged off and badly beaten, and several
motorm»n and conductors were assaulted.
While the turmoil was at Its height a de
tail of police came dashing up and
charged the crowd. ... .' ,- '
Two imported employes of tho St. Louis
Transit Company were shot while in
charge of street cars. In neither tase is
the assailant known. ' ~
Guy Ficks of Decatur. 111., employed as
a guard, was shot through the thigh, at
Twenty-first and Morgan streets, at 1:30
o'clock this afternoon.
URGE AGAINST
DESECRATION OF
THE LORD'S DAY
Presb^erian Delegates Ap
peal for Better Sabbath
Observance.
Reports of the various special commit
tees were presented and read. Among
the recommendations made 'by the spe
cial committee on the celebration of the
twentieth century, provision for a memo
rial fund was suggested, to be known as
the "twentieth century fund for endow
ment of Presbyterian collegiate and the
ological institutions, for the enlargement
of .missionary enterprises, for the erec
tion of church buildings and payment of
debts on churches and educational Insti
tutions, and for other work of the boards
at the option of the donors." It was sug
gested ' that provision be made for the
appointment • of a central committee to
consist of four ministers and three elders,
with headquarters In Philadelphia, to
have general supervision of the work.
. Majority and minority . reports were
made by the special committee on the
method of apportionment of standing
committees of the General Assembly. The
majority report - recommended that the
standing committees be appointed by the
morterfttor, assisted . by a committee of
ministers and elders, the latter commit
tee to be also appointed by the modera
tor. This is the method now in vogue.
The minority report thinks it advisable
to divide the territory covered by the
General Assembly into twenty-two elec
tion districts, equal in size, by combining
the smaller synods and dividing the
larger presbyteries when necessary, for
the election of the standing committees,
each committee to select its own chair
man.
Just before the adjournment at • noon
Rev. Frank W. Sneed, chairman of tha
committee on. arrangements, welcomed
the assemblage to St. Louis, and present
ed Moderator Dickey with a gavel made
from the wood of three historical
churches of this city.
The advertising In and reading of Sun
day-newspapers on the Sabbath was de
clared to be one of the worst forms of
Sunday desecration. Dr. Jackson of Jer
sey City offered a resolution requesting
the proprietors o. the dally newspapers
to refrain from printing reports of the
Assembly in Sunday editions of their
papers. The resolution was adopted.
Commends' President McKinley.
At the atternoon session of the assembly
F e Y" £ W Ha , tnaw ay of New York City
tooksthe lead In the consideration of the
report of the special committee on Sab
bath observance. Dr. Hathaway -is a
member of the committee. He heartily
commended President McKinley and Sec
retary of State John Hay for Instruc
tions sent to Commissioner General Fer
dinand W. Peck and Embassador Qeneral
Horace Porter to close the United States
pavilion and offices at the Paris Expo
sition on the Lord's day and to endeavor
to secure concerted action of the Amer
ican exhibitors to the same end. He dep
recated the action of the French author
ities which have denied to the American
section of American exhibitors the right
to close their exhibits on the Lord's day
and have consented -To the closing of the
United States pavilion only, which Is dis
tinctly the property of the United States
Government.
The resolutions contained In the report
were adopted one by one. They, recom
mended among other things that the
Presbyterian church of the United States
abstain from the more popular and dan
gerous forms of Sabbath desecration, such
as advertising in the Sunday newspapers,
the purchase and reading of them and
from all forms of excursions, sports,
games and amusements on the Lord's day
and also : unnecessary* secular worn,
traveling and visiting, etc. A plea was
made to the railroad companies of this
land to abandon Sunday excursions so as
to secure the minimum of transportation
' ST. LOUIS, May IS.— A very consider
able part of to-day's session of the Pres
byterian General Assembly was spent" in
considering the report of the special com
mittee on Sabbath observance. During
the discussion high praise was accorded
to President McKinley and Secretary Hay
for the instructions sent to Commissioner
Peck of the Paris Exposition and to Em
bassador Porter at Paris touching the
closing of the United States pavilion and
office at the Exposition on the Sabbath.
The attendance of commissioners and
delegates was greater than during yester
day, a number of belated ones having ar
rived. There are several fullblood Indians
in the assemblage as delegates, among
them being Thomas H. Aungle and Rev.
¦Henry T. Selwyn of Greenwood, S. D.,
both of whom are opposed to a revision
of the creed.- and Stephen Weston, a Choc
taw.
Rev. Mr. Dickey, the new moderator,
called the assembly to order and appoint
ed James H. Converse of Philadelphia
vice moderator. He announced the ap
pointment of chairmen of the following 1
committees: Committee on bills and over
tures. Rev. Robert F. Sample, New York;
judicial committee, Dr. "William McKib
bin, Cincinnati; polity, Dr. Daniel Web
ster Fisher; missions, Dr. Richard S.
Holmes; foreign missions, Dr. Charles
Cuthbert Hall; education, Dr. George B.
Stewart: church erection, Dr. William H.
Clark; theological seminaries. Dr. David
R, Kerr; freedmen. Dr. E. Trumbull JLte;
aid for colleges. Dr. Willis H. Craig.
Synodical papers were presented. After
action by the committee on bills and over
tures these papers will be reported on
later.
Provision was made by the General As
sembly to 'place the election of a perma
nent clerk in the hands of a committee
composed of one commissioner from each
synod, to be named hereafter by the mod
erator. This committee will give a hear
ing to all who wish to nominate candi
dates and will eventually . present two
names for consideration by the General
Assembly.
Among the candidates for the position
of permanent clerk are Rev. VV. B. Noble,
Dr. John Branch. Dr. John Miller, Dr. G.
W. F. Birch and Dr. \V. B. Gemmill.
Twentieth Century Fund.
Praise President McKinley for Hav
ing Caused American Pavilion
at Paris to Be Closed
on Sundays.
Elected Bishop Coadjutor.
MOBILE. Ala., May lS.-The Episcopal
Council to-day unanimously elected Rev.
Robert "Wood Baxnwell of Selma. Ala..
Bishop Coadjutor. Rev. Mr. Barnwell was
formerly rector of St. Paul's at Selma,
Cumberland Presbyterian Assembly.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., May 13.— At
to-day's session of the Cumberland Pres
byterian Assembly the moderator ap
pointed the standing committees and on
motion a new standing committee was
formed, to which will be referred all mat
ters In connection with the Jl.OOQ.OOG en
dowment movement. A report was made
showing that in the past year thirty-nina
ministers have died, eight demltted. two
have been, suspended, four deposed and.
forty-nv* gained.
? ¦¦
Southern General Assembly.
ATLANTA, Ga.. May 18.— The most im
portant matter before the Southern Cren
eral Assembly of the Presbyterian church,
to-day was the consideration of the over
tures from the different presbyteries and
synods of the assemblv. Some of them
call for radical departures, affecting th*»
church management and other matters
bearing directly on the affairs of certain
presbyteries. These will constitute the
work of the assembly and will likely b©
taken up separately.
with the provisional translation of th<s
Bible Into the different languages spoken
by the Filipinos.
Dr. Jackson of Jersey City offered a
re-solution requesting the proprietors of
the St. Louis daily newspapers to refrain
from printing reports of the assembly in
the Sunday issues of the papers. Th<s
resolution was adopted by an overwhelm
ing: vote.
and service of their employes on Sunday.
Whether or not the great St. Louis Ex
position was borne in the minds of tha
commissioners a resolution was submitter*
requesting the I'nited States Congress
and all State Legislatures to make nu
more appropriations for expositions to bt»
held in this country without the proviso
that such expositions shall be closed on
Sundays.
Rev. Dr. John Fox. secretary of the
Eible Society of New" York, reported thac
word had been sent to the Bible agent at
Manila by the Bible hou?^ to proceed
Pr. S. F. Upham. from the committee on
itinerary, then read the recommendation
of the committee regarding the much dis
puted question of the time limit on pastor
ates. The report recommended that sec
tion 3 of paragraph 173 of the book of dis
cipline be amended by striking out sub
section 3 and inserting in lieu thereof:
"He shall appoint preachers to the several
pastoral charges annually." This, In ef
fect, abolished the time-honored rule of
the Methodist church that no pastor shall
occupy one pulpit for more than five years
and the liveliest kind of debate resulted.
A minority report was also read, provid
ing that a five-year pastorate could be ex
tended by the request of three- fourths of
the membership of the quarterly confer
ence and that a pastorate in no case could
be extended for more than a second term
of five years.
Over the paragraph in the minority re
port providing for a ten-year limitation
a wordy battle was waged. Dr. G. E.
Ackerman of the Alabama conference
made an eloquent argument in favor of
the amendment. Dr. Buckley favored the
adoption of the minority report as amend
ed, ¦which in effect removed the time limit,
with the safeguard of a three-fourths vote
!:i the quarterly conference.
"If you remove the time limit without
restrictions." said he, /"you will be the
most detested General Conference in the
history of Methodism. Three-fifths of
Methodism is rural or semi-rural, and all
through those districts the people want
the time limit. To remove It entirely
would be regarded by them as in a way
class legislation in favor of the larger
cities."
Dr. Buckley was heartily anplauded as
he concluded. . The eighth ballot was then
read.
Assistant Secretary Penn of the Kp
worth I/paxuo withdrew the name of Dr.
J. XV. E. Bowen, the colored candidate for
the episcopacy. The ninth ballot was then
taken. The result of the ninth ballqt will
be known to-morrow morning.
Time Limit on Pastorates,
taken. It resulted as follows: II. Spell
meyer. 327; J. F. Berry, 291; D. H. Moore,
276; J. \V. Hamilton. 255: J. \V. K. Bowen.
41; T. B. Neely, 26; others from 1 to 12
each. Xecessary to. a choice, 46S.
The eighth ballot resulted as follows:
H. Spellmeyer 371 J. F. Berry 335. D. H.
Moore 283, J. \V. Hamilton 248, T. B. Neely
37. J. W. E. Bowen 33. C. J. Little 13. oth
ers from 1 to 11 votes: necessary to choice
456.
the resolution presented by tho Committee on
Privilege* and Elections affecting W» title to
ai seat, and to protest asralnst the methods
l>urs:u«i by him In wrurlng an appointment at
the hand* of the Lieutenant Oovernor during
my absence from the Ftste. under circumstances
wiik-h to niy mind Indicate collusion and fraud.
His conduct *n attempting a resignation and
procuring a reappointment under the condi
tions as he dl<l. If the matter was before a
court of Justice, would have been considered
a contempt of court on his part. I. therefore,
trust that the committee and the Senate will
proceed to the proper consideration of the
question so that the rights not only of Mr.
Clark but of the State of Montana in the
premise? may be determined and that, upon
the presentation of his credentials of appoint
ment by the Lieutenant Governor, the same be
tranyferred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections for lnveetiKatlon, and that I be per
mitted to make a more complete and detailed
statement of facts concerning: the resignation
and appointment of Mr. Clark.
The. language of the resolution of the
committee directing Chairman Chandler
to press the resolutions as presented fol
lows: \
Resolved, That the chairman be directed to
press to a vote the resolution reported to the
committee. - ;,
Thf» adoption of the resolution was pre
ceded by a discussion of the various
points involved in the controversy, in
cluding the proper course to be pursued
with reference to Mr. Clarit's credentials
when they are presented to the Senate.
The principal discussion was. however,
based upon the resolution directing the
chairman to cress the resolution hitherto
reported to the Senate from the commit
tee, stating- "that Mr. Clark was not duly
ana legally elected to a seat in the Sen*,
ate.*' The vote on the resolution stood 0
to 3, Senators Pritchard. Harris and Pei
tus casting their votes in the negative.
The Senators expressed the opinion that
the resignation of Clark had the effect
of definitely settling the case, and that
the Senate was not called upon to take
further action. Chandler. Hoar. Bur
iows. McComas. Caffery and Turley took
the opposite view. The discussion was
spirited and personal at times. "
There was no vote on the question of
the reference of the credentials under the
Lieutenant Governor's" appointment, but
there is no doubt that the committee
holds the reference should "be adopted,
especially in view of Governor-^gmith's
letter.
Senators Pritchard and Harris express
ed themselves as opposed to the refer,
ence of the credentials when they arrive*.
The principal participants in the con
troversy over the motion to press the
committee resolutions were Turley • for
and Pritchard In opposition. Turley took
the position that when the Senate as
sumed jurisdiction of the case it no lonper
rented with Clark to determine it by re
signing, while Pritchard held that the
right of resignation was a personal right
and could be exercised at any time. He
also contended that the vacancy in the
seat occupied by Clark began when the
latter made the announcement of resigna
tion. There were some references to the
reaMpointmont of Clark by the 1-ieutenant
Governor, indicating the opinion on the
part of* some of the Senators that it was
not in accord with the Senatorial idea
of securing a seat in the Senate.
i ¦ — ¦ — ¦ ¦>.
Street Railway Magnates of St; Louis Discouraged
by the Failure of the Police to Protect Them
and Think Militia Is Needed.
AT7TEMPTS TO RUN CARS
CAUSE SOME FATAL RIOTS
HOPELESS GROWS
MONTANA TANGLE
Governor Smith Now Names Mar
tin Maginnis as the Successor
of Clark.
Disregards the Lieutenant Governor's Action
in Appointing the Senator to His
Former §eat.
SENATE COMMITTEE
DEBATES CLARK .CASE
TEMBLOR'S SHOCK
AND TIDAL WAVE
Lives Lost and Property Damaged
1 1 in Cities on Western Coast
of Mexico.
Great Column of Water Sweeping Shoreward
After the Earthquake Submerges Houses
and Swamps Boats.
CITY OF. MEXICO, May IS.— Reports from the towns on the Pacific coast show
that while the earthquake on "Wednesday was comparatively slight In this city
It was severe along the coast. .A tidal wave succeeded the second shock. Con
siderable damage was done In the States of Collma and Jalisco. Houses were
submerged, boats were swamped and several residents were drowned.
The seismic movement, which was from southeast to northwest, occurred at
1:35 o'clock in the afternoon on the Pacific coast anrt at 1:37 o'clock In this city.
The duration of the movement generally was one minute, but where the disturb
ance was most severe it lasted only two seconds.
Cracks which were made In buildings In this city by the earthquake In Jan
uary last were further opened by the shocks of Wednesday. The structures most
damaged are the National Palace. Church of San Francisco and the Palace of
Justice. In order to prevent danger these buildings mast be repaired.
Special IHspatch to The CalL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATTJRDAY, MAY 19, 1900.
WASHINGTON*. May IS.— An agreement
has been reached between members of the
Senate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tion? jind the friends of Senator Clark
that the matter rhall go over until Mon
day; that no effort shall be made to get
ad ion on the committee resolution to
morrow, and that if Mr. Clark's creden
tials arrive previous to that time they
shall not be presented before Monday.
This is due to the fact that there are al
ready a number of special orders for to
morrow In the Senate.
The following dispatch was received and
reed to the committee from Governor
Smith, dated Butte, Mont., May 17:
Hon. W. K. Chandler. Washinirtcn: I desire
to present in as forcible a manner as possible
OS prcteKt against the course pursued by Hon.
YV. A. nark in attempting to defeat the ac
tion of the Senate of the United States upon
2
BUTTE, Mont.. May 18.— Governor
Smith to-day cent dispatches from here
to Senator VT. A. Clark, Senator Chan
dler, chairman of the Committee on Priv
ileges and Elections, and Senator Frye.
president ol the Senate, saying he had
disregarded and revoked the action of
lieutenant Governor Spriggs in naming
Mr. Clark to succeed to the vacancy
caused by his own resignation, and that
he had named Martin Magfnnls of Helena
to fill the vacancy. The Governor gives
as his reasons his opinion that the ap
pointment of Mr. Clark by the Lieuten
ant Governor was tainted by collusion
and fraud. The dispatches are practi
cally the same, that to Mr. Clark read
ing:
"I have th!s day disregarded and re
voked your appointment as United States
Senator, maue by Governor Springs on
the lith lust., as being tainted with
collusion and fraud, and have this day
appointed Hon. Martin Mapir.nls United
Eta-tes Senator to nil the vacancy caused
by your reeijrnation.'
Those to Prye and Chandler are of the
Fame tenor, notifying them of his action.
The Governor also sent a formal protest
to Chandler, detailing: his reasons. He
has issued an open letter to the people
fit the State, denying that he had any
knowledge of the contemplated step
when he left Montana for California. He
Fays he went to California" at the request
of Thomas R. Hinds to look into the title
of some mining property in which Miles
Finlcn was interested. He owed Finlen
?->¦•. .and thoug-ht by going he might
«-am a fee that would be applied on the
Indebtedness.
"I shall prove br my conduct In the
future." he concludes, "that I was not
guilty of any wrongdoing or any idea of
wror.g."
Miles Fin!en is one of the Democrats
in the legislature who voted against
Clark. Martin Masinnis was deleeate in
Congress for the Territory when Montana
CHICAGO. May 1?.— The Methodist
church will not, If the report of the com
mittee be accepted, alter its position
trvrard playing cards, dancing 1 and cer
tain other amusement*. The amusement
question is «'ttled so far as the commit
tee on the state of the church is con
cerned. By a vote of 45 to 2b the commit
tee to-day decided to recommend that the
section be inserted in the chapter on ad
vices. The paragraph to be inserted is
U follows:
Our church has from the beginning of its
bUury insisted that <ian.ir.K- playing at
entnee of chance, attending th<*att»rs. horse
races, danrinff parties, circuses or patronizing
dancing Fch' v >l< s and other aitius^ffi'nis which |
cannot l« usp<i in the nam* of the Lord Je?us, j
«{•«• perllnuf to th? spiritual lif<? and influence |
of th» m#"fnl»en« <nf our t-hurrh «uid enorvating j
ito th*> frpiritual power of the churrh in th»
er^at work ot savin* soule. The tendency In
»orial circle* toward dar.K<>n>us iimuKPmonts !
Kma never stronger than it Is. at the present
I time, end therefore we dwra it wise to re
aflrm our historic attiturle upon this nubject
» . mi orge our p»>npl<» to atwtain from and bear
their unwavwlrj fMlraony at:ii!i=t ell amuse
ment* and divt-rsione which endanger Chris
tian life and repress the pplritual power of the
church. Th'f a<Jvico mu« not be Interpreted
as the waiving of the church's right to call
to account any member who continues to In
dulge in there •JivrrFimm. which cannot be used
in the name of the L.crd Jem*.
Thus the Report of the
Methodist Conference
Beauty and strength inu
women vanish early In*
life because of monthly
pain or some menstrual
irregularity. Many suf-
fer silently and see their
best gifts fade away*
I Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound |
helps women preserve
roundness of form and
freshness of face be-
cause it makes their en-
tire female organism
healthy. It carries wo-
men safely through the
various natural crises
and Is the safeguard of
woman's health*
The truth about this
great medicine Is told In
the letters from women
being published In this
paper constantly*
¦ We Cure the Following Ailments :
Private Eftseases Lost Manhood
Varicocele Nervous Debility
Hydrocele Loss of Memory
Bladder r>l«eases Wastir.sDralna
Kidney Diseases Blood Poison
DR. MEVERS & CO-
Specialists— Estibliilied Neatly 20 Tears.
731 MARKET ST.. S. F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INViGOUA-
tcr and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Seuial Orcans (or both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid. \
teys and Bladder. Sells on Us awn merits. J
NABER. ALF9 & ERUNR. A«enU, f r
m Market St.. 8. r.-C5«d f ot CircuUr.*
Next Sunday's Call will
contain a sensational feature
in the story of a San Fran-
cisco man who -was once Rev-
enue Collector of this port and
is now workin g as a stevedore >
on the water front.
ADVERTISEMENTS.TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
LIMA. Peru.— Another Cabinet crisis has
arisen. President Romano Is confined to his
bed with influenza.
' ROME— The King has signed a decree dis
solving the Chamber of Deputies. .The elections
have been fixed for June 3, and Parliament will
be convened June 16. .\^v;i . •
TACOMA. Wash.— William Patterson a
•tfalter. fell from a window in the Lexington
Hotel, and later died from his injuries.
LOS ANGELES— William Colan,' a prize
fighter, known as "The Gypsy Kid." was sen
tenced to eight years In San Quentin after
being convicted of robbing a drunken man.
BERLIN*— The (tle^sen* Courts have pub
lished an order calling: for. the arrest wherever
found of Count Alt-Lelnijren-Westterbrook, -who
has been sentenced to possible imprisonment.
BERLIN.— The delegation cf the Deutsche
Kriegerbund from the United States arrived at
Hamburg on board' the Hamburg-American
liner Batavia. A festal reception was accorded
them.
NEW YORK— John Clark RIdpath, who has
been dangerously 111 at the Presbyterian Hos
pital with typhoid fever and pneumonia Is
much better, ¦ and his condition will soon per
mit removal to his home.
O.— The national conference
of Rh-er Brethren (Dunkards) la in progress at
Dor.nellsvllle. The feet-waRhins and commun
ion''service will take place Saturday night. One
thousand persona, are expected to participate..
' BERLIN— It has been discovered that Dr
EidenhoH of Hamburg, who last March fled
with his wife to the United States, was found
guilty of. forgeries of large amounts. Pre
parations are being made for his extradition.
TOLEDO. O.— Hen. Charles A. Towne of Min
nesota and General E. T. Cofder, national treas
urer of the Free Silver Republicans, held a con
ference, with silver leaders, discussing plans to
send a silver delegation to the Kansas City con
vention. .." < . ¦-:.',. .• . .
NEW YORK— Mrs. Abraham Fischer wife of
the Orange Free State delegate, accompanies
her husband to this country. She 1b a Scotch
woman..: Speaking , of the .war, she said that
many stories sent out from , English sources
were wholly false. :^:;-, > y
SPRINGFIELD. Mass.— James C Keosrh
former "Tax Collector of Holyoke. who pleaded
guilty: at the, last term of criminal court, wu
sentenced to not more than' ten nor less than
seven and a half years .In State's prison -on.
one ' count .: charging . embezzlement > of . $30.0CO
There ; are • eight or ten counts * in , the indict-
Gallagher has been employed at one time
or another on most cf the newspapers
and press associations of the Eastern
cities. His last employment in that capa
city was in this city as night manager of
the local bureau of the Associated Press,
which position he resigned In 1895 to ac
cept at the hands of Cardinal Gibbons th«j
position he filled at the time of his death.
DEATH OF THE GRAND
VIZIER OF MOROCCO
Internal Disturbances Feared as the
Result of the Demise of Ahmed
Ben Mussa.
TANGIER. Morocco. May 18.— The
Grand Vizier, Ahmed Ben Mussa, died
Sunday, May 13.
A convulsion in internal affairs is threat
ened, but it is believed that Germany,
Italy and -Great Britain have agreed to
maintain the s»tatu quo. so It is hoped the
threatened anarchy will be averted.
Beet Crop Assured.
LODL May 18.— For the first time in.
three years the sugar beet companies
which have been experimenting In this
vicinity have the assurance of a crop. The
past winter and the present spring have
been very favorable for the growth of
beets and as a result over two thousand
acres in this neighborhood are coming
out beyond all hopes. The Crockett com
pany is said to have contracted for all the
available land In the New Hope district
for next season. •
Lynch Getting the Most Votes.
INDIANAPOLIS. May ,18.-Secretary J.
C. Bramwood of the International Typo
graphical Union said to-night that less
than 100 of the 4G0 unions had sent in tally
sheets showing the result of the election.
He has made no tabulated statement of
the results, hut said when asked about it
that it v.as lall polng one way— against
Donnelly. Philadelphia pave Lynch 100
majority, and Chicago is in his favor. In
Cincinnati Donnellv got about two thirds
of the votes cast. St. Louis gives Lynch a
majority of 11. - -
Duke and Archduchess to Wed.
BERLIN, May 18.-The betrothal of
Duke Robert of • Wurtemburar to Arch
duchess 1 Maria Immaculata of Austria Is
announced. ,' \
LOS ANGELES, May IS.— NIckoIa Galo
vlc'a, an Italian foreman of a gang of la
borers In a brick yard in East Los Ange
les, was killed to-day In a cave-in of
earth In the yard. The others escaped
with slight injuries.
Demand for Yolo Stock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, May 18.— A. J. Hannum
shipped two -carloads of brood mares to
the stock farm of John Freeman. In Ne
vada, "this afternoon. J. *E. Gabbart will
ship four, carioads of Durham and Here
ford bulls and cows to H. L. Newman, El
Paso, Texas, about June 1. Yolo County
stock is still- in great demand in all parts
of the world. • '""-: 1 !
Killed by a Cave-In.
ment. the charge of embezzlement aggregating
about J300.CC0. - ',:.'.¦:;;:
BUFFALO— Georee I. White, a brother of
Justice T. G. .White of the Supreme Court, shot
himself while standing In front of a mirror in
his office. Up to within a short time ago he
was very. wealthy and the head of a prominent
real estate firm.' Financial reverses are the un
derstood cause of his suicide.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
petitioned the Board of Supervisors yes
terday for the restitution of taxes paid
on bonds valued at $1,615,000. The amount
involved is §26,495 66. The petition is made
under the .recent Supreme Court decision
that bonds of quasa-public corporations
are not- assessable to. banks holding them
as security./*
: The second suit to recover taxes paid
under protest since- the Supreme Court
decision was brought- yesterday by the
Market-street Railway Company against
the city and county to recover $56,649 75.
paid under protest on the- valuation fixed
by the Assessor.
Wants Its Money Back.
Bids for Electric Light Poles.
"The City Attorney advised the Board of
Supervisors yesterday that If the city
wishes to initiate a municipal lighting
plant by the purchase of poles it should
purchase the poles upon bids distinct from
electric light bids. The charter does not
contemplate-that the bids for lighting
the streets shall be limited to those who
wish; to; enter. Into. the business of selling
poles to the city nor that bids upon any
portion, of an. electric -lighting plant shall
be limited to those who sell electric cur-
Colman Loses His Suit.
Judge Hebbard decided yesterday that
the executors of the estate of the late J.
Opposed to Magnlre Ccrdinance.
The Polk-street Progress Club has de
clared emphatically agafnst Maguire's
proposed ordinance provt&'.nisr for 2^-cent
stand-up street-car fares. At a meetin?
last night the club characterized tho
proposition as absurd.
Fell Down a Hatch? ray.
Andrew Herney. a stevedoni. fell down.
a hatchway in the steamship America
Maru last night and was taken in an un
conscious condition to the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital. After Dr. Thome had
sewed up a small scalp wound he sud
denly recovered his senses and returned
to work.
National Guard Veterans.
At the annual election for officers of
the Veterans' National Guard of Califor
nia, held last Wednesday night, the fol
lowing named were elected for the cur
rent term: Major George "WhJlney Reed,
commander; Colonel Hyman P. Bush,
vice commander; J. D. Bluxome, adjutant
and captain: John E. Klein, paymaster.
Americans in Province of
Insurgent General Surrenders to
Bulacan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, May 18.— Insurgent General
De Los Santos surrendered to the Amer
icans yesterday at Bulacan, in the prov
ince of the same name, some twenty-two
miles north of Manila. He promised the
American commander he would use his
miluence with his followers to induce
them to turn in their arms and surrender.
OBJECT TO FREE DELIVERY.
Lodi Merchants Fear It Will Divert
Rural Trade.
LODI. May 18.— The local lodge of
Grangers and the newly formed Business
Men's Association have taken issue over
the propped rural mail delivery system,
which is being promoted by the Grangers
most vigorously. There Is fear in some
quarters that by free delivery the farm
ers will haVe nothing to come to town for
except urgent necessities, and when de
sirous of laying in a large supply will go
to Stockton.
Miller Again Loses. "i : —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May IS.— Judge Rhodes to
day decided that the faculty of the State
Normal School is the sole Judge of a pu
pil's fitness to teach. This ruling was
made on the hearing of the case of H. E.
Miller, c. pupil who mandamused Principal
McNaughton and the faculty to show why
he should not be granted a diploma. Mil
ler alleged he was unlawfully deprived of
a diploma by prejudice of Mrs. Place, head
of the training department, after he had
completed a full course In a satisfactory
manner. The court held if no discretion
was allowed the faculty a great many per
sons not mentally capable, by reason of
temperament, would be graduated as
teachers. Miller's attorney was granted a
stay of five days. The faculty of the Nor
mal School recently refused Miller a diplo
ma after investigation of similar charges
against Mrs. Place made by Miller. ,
To Redeem More Bonds.
WASHINGTON. May . 18. — Secretary
Gage, after the Cabinet meeting to-day,
announced that, he would issue a call at
once for the redemption of the S25.364.500
of outstanding 2 per cent bonds of the
funded loan of 1891, Interest to cease on
September 1 next. During the last ten
and a half months of the present fiscal
year the Treasury receipts have exceeded
the expenditures by something over $58,
000.000. . •
Barclay Gallagher Dead.
BALTIMORE. May IS.— Barclay Gal
lagher, once widely known as a newspaper
writer and editor, died to-day at Stacey's
Industrial School near this city.. where he
has been employed as an Instructor for
the pact four years. Death came »ud
denly, heart disease being the cause. Mr.
Mysterious Double Murder, With, a
Memphis Man and an Arkansas
Woman as Victims.
SANTOS WEARIES OF
UNEQUAL STRUGGLE
Governor Gage. After Considering the
Case, Befuses to Issue Requisi
sitioti Papers.
LOS ANGELES. May IS.— Governor
Gage has refused to issue extradition
papers for Colonel T. C Marceau, who is
eharged with kidnaping his own child.
Theodore Jr., and who is now in New
York awaiting the sailing of a steamer to
carry ihe two to Paris.
Formal -demand was made by District
Attorney Byington of San Francis-co for
a requisition upon the Governor of New
York, but Governor Gage, after consider
ing- the paper, declined to do anything to
stop the fiight of the man who is trying
to escape with his own child.
FAITHLESS WIFE AND
LOVER PUT TO DEATH
St. Pster's Parish Picnic.
St. Peters Parish picnic is to be held at
Lcs Gates Thursday. June 21. Following
are the committees:' Arrangements— P. J.
Tcrmey. D. F. Keefe. T. R. Curtis and P.
Biggins; grounds and transportation— P.
J. Curtis. E. D. Sullivan and J. J. Dono
van: publicity— Rev. William Lyons. E. D.
Sullivan. T. B. Slevin. L. J. Dwyer and P.
J. Curtis: printing— T. B. Slevin. M. D.
RIordan and Thomas Doyle; programme —
Thomas Butterworth, M. J. Hurley. J. C.
O'Donnell. James Burke and John Welch
prizes—L, Cull. John O'Connor. Thomas
Cavanaugh. Joseph Doran. James Burke
Daniel Reardon. James Butler. M. J. Hur
ley. C. D. Douglas. James Sullivan and
David Goggln; music— P. Dusan. John
Kenny. Harry Pinkham, Ed Devlin and
John Welch; games— D. F. Keefe, Henry
Powers. J. C. O'Donnell, John Butter
worth. Rev. Bro. Vivian. Rev. Bro Felan.
Harry Pinkham. J. E. Behan. L.. j. Dwy
er: dancing— Thomas Doyle (floor direc
tor). Martin Welch. Harry Pinkham,
James Wagner and John Welch; tickets—
Eugene D. Sullivan.
COLONEL MARCEAU MAY
KEEP HIS CHILD
Major Abiel L. Smith, commissary of
subsistence, has been ordered to proceed
from Washington to Seattle, there to take
charge of the supplies of subsistence
stores for troops en_ route for Alaska.
Captain George Montgomery-, Ordnance
Department, has been ordered to super
vise the placing of guns at Fort How
ard and Fort Armistead in Maryland.
First Lieutenant Pearl M. Shaffer. Thir
teenth Infantry, has been ordered to re
port at Fort Crook. Nebraska, for such
duty as he may be able to perform. He
is just coming eft sick leave.
Captain Henry L. Kinnison. assistant
quartermaster. I". S. V.. has been honor
ably discharged from tne service upon the
tender of his resignation.
Captain Alvan C. Gillen. assistant quar
termaster, ¦ U. S. V., now at Nashville.
Tenn.. has been ordered to proceed to San
Francisco, where he will report for duty.
Major James M. Burns, retired, has been
relieved from duty at the Ohio State Uni
versity, Columbus, Ohio, and upon his
own application has been detailed as in
structor of military science and tactics
at West Virginia University, Morgan
town. W. Va.
Major Frank H. Edmunds, First In
fantry, inspector general. Department of
Havana and.Pinar del Rio. has been or
dered to Inspect the monev accounts of
all disbursing officers of insular revenue,
both civil and military, in the depart
ment except in the city of Havana. Colo
nel George Burton, inspector general, will
make the inspections In the city of Ha
vana. Major George R. McGunnegle.
Third Infantry, will make the inspections
In the Department of Santiago and Puerto
Principe. Major Raiph W. Hoyt, Tenth
Infantry, will make the inspections in the
province of Matanzas. Major Argalus G.
Hennlsee. Second Cavalry, will make simi
lar inspections in the province of Santa
Clara..
First Lieutenant William J. Barden.
corps of engineers, has been ordered to
proceed from his station, Matanzas. Cuba,
to Sagua la Grande on business in connec
tion with the examination of the sewage
system of that city.
Captain Fred S. Foltz. Second Cavalry,
has been ordered to proceed from his sta
tion. Matanzas. Cuba, to Santa Clara for
the purpose of making an inspection of
that post.
First Lieutenant H. G. Trout. Second
Cavalry, has been ordered to proceed to
take station at Caibarien. Cuba, to super
vise the repairs and improvements to the
Orphan Asylum at Remedies, Cuba. He
will relieve Captain W. J. Turner, Second
Infantry.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
L. White should not return to Martin Cot
man the sum of $3618 paid by him to the
deceased for the purpose of lobbying an
ordinance through the Board of Super
visors permitting the occupants of St.
Marys and Qulncy streets to carrv on
their vocation behind gates. As White
failed to carry the ordinance through suit
was filed to recover the amount paid for
the purpose. Judge Hebbard decided that
as the money was paid for a purpose con
trary to public policy the plaintiff could
not recover.
Chock and Dr. C. M. Lee are from the
Congregational Society of the same city.
Leung Jim, who wears short hair and
has the appearance of a Japanese, rep
resents the Chinese Congregational So
ciety of Fresno. Rev. George E. Jackson
of the San Jose African Methodist Epis
copal Church led the devotional exercises
this afternoon.
The Chinese have given their opinion
of the convention in the following cards:
"The Christian Endeavor convention in
Stockton is very good. Full of life ana
enthusiasm. We enjoy it very much. It
will accomplish much benefit. The Chris
tian Endeavor takes great Interest In the
good of the human kind. Rev. Soo Hoo
Xam Art, Presbyterian Chinese Church,
San Francisco. Much pleased to come
to Stockton. Nice decorations. Very
good time first evening. Good work. L.
Jim. Fresno Congregational Chinese MIs-
sion."
To keep alive the spirit of Christian En
deavor in the older members it has been
decided to recommend the organization of
a veterans* association to be composed
of those who had been long in" the work.
A. . R. Waters. Miss Belle S. Angler and
E. C. Gilbert have been appointed a-com
mittee to make plans for the organiza
tion. Rev. T. F. Burnham of Vallejo
reported for the Floating Societies, a
movement organized ten years ago at Fal
mouth." Mass.. by Miss Antoinette Jones.
The first society was started on the Unit
ed States revenue steamer Dexter at
"Newport. R. I. Tho first society in this
State was organized in 1S92. At present
there is one station in San Diego, two
in Santa Barbara, two in San Francisco,
four in Oakland and five in Vallejo. Pro
visions are made for religious services
for sailors when on shore, and in many
cases societies are organized on ship
board. The* figures In State Secretar>
Reid's report showed the membership in
the different denominations to be as fol
lows:
Presbyterian, 7169; Congregational, 5953;
Christian. 3173: Baptist. 26S4; Union. 1G.T0;
Methodist. 1405: Cumberland Presbyte
rian. S91: United Presbyterian, K23;
Friends, 405; English Lutheran, 175; Afri
can Methodist Episcopal, 217; United
Brethren, 116; German Lutheran, 84,
Evangelical. 21; German United Methodist
Episcopal (South), 14: Episcopal, 6. He
said in conclusion: "Our union needs a
statistical secretary more angelic than I
who will attend to the work of organizing
societies and compiling lists of secreta
ries and societies. There is ample work
for the general secretary along other
lines." t
The Endeavorers are great singers. The
Salvation Army was out j singing this
evening when there was an open-air
chorus. by several hundred Endeavorers
on Hunter-street square. The Salvation
ists made no effort to run opposition at
the time, but later brought out their full
force And cannonaded the evil one in their
usual lusty manner, making their ex
hortations to. Endeavorers and sinners
alike. There is no disguising the fact
that the attendance is hardly up to what
was expected, but the committee take
consolation in the easy manner in which
they are entertaining and caring for .the
crowds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May lS.-The local Meth
cdist young people and members of their
church organization. the Epworth League,
have been very active in entertaining the
visitors and making practical manifesta
tion of the fraternal spirit. As the Cen
tral Methodist Episcopal Church Is the
largest in the city, thfs spirit ha3 con
tributed not a little to lightening the bur
dens of the 1900 committee. There is much
talk of the desirability of the merging
of the two societies, but many of fh&
Methodists oppose it upon the ground
and the next place of holding the con
vention will be named.
President 'Coulthurst has announced the
committees as follows:
Business— Leonard Merrill, Los Angeles,
chairman; the Rev. Beniamln F. Sar
geant, Santa Cruz; C. H. 'Short. Penryn;
A. T. Atkinson, Sacramento; Dr. O." B.
Dean. Oakland. .
Resolutions — Albert Waters, Xiles,
chairman; J. E. Cameron, Alameda; Miss
Catherine Denman, Petaluma.
Place of meeting— Miss Livermore, San
ta Barbara, chairman: Miss Margaret
Bell, Shasta; Miss Jennie Ritchie. Fresno:
Miss Sadie Jewett. Stockton; Miss Phoebe
Parker, San Diego; Miss Bessie Hale,
Hynes.
Auditing— L. E. Caldwell, Danville; C.
W. Stewart, Satlcoy; the Rev. Huber
Burr, Butte County Union. '
Nominations— L. T. Hatfleld. Sacramen
to, chairman: E. C. Lyon. Oakland; C. W.
Stewart.. Saticoy; Paul Brown, Los An
geles: the Rev. T. A. Boyer. Stockton; C.
C. Reynolds, Pasadena; W. H. French
San Francisco.
SANTA ANA WANTS
NEXT CONVENTION
people gathered in the First Presbyterian
i Church to attend the quiet hour, led by
j Rev. H. P. Lane of Colton. A la'rge at
| tendance enjoyed the Bible' study In the
i same place at 8 o'clock, led by Rev. J. H.
i Goodall of Petaluma church, who Illus
trated in an interesting manner his
method of Bible study.
At 9 o'clock the session at the pavilion
began with a prayer and praise service
led by Miss Eva J. Angler, president of
tne San Diego City Union.' Reports of
the State Union were made as follows:
Junior work. Belle P. Xason, intermediate
work.E.L. Blckford; commercial,E.C.Gil
bert; transportation, Cl. H. Wheeler;
! "The Endeavorer." R. R. Patterson;
! tenth legion, Dora M. Fish; qufet hour,
! J. N. Ward: floating societies, T. F. Burn-
I ham; treasurer. J. M. Warren; secretary,
Francis W. Reid; president, J. E. Coult
hurst.
At 10:35 fifteen minutes were devoted to
"Garnered Grain," a number of half-min
ute reports from city and county unions
on the best thing done during the year.
A symposium, "for the church." was con
ducted by Dr. Temple of * Seattle, ¦ during
which short talks were made on the
themes, "The Endeavorer in the Vesti
bule," "In the Pew" and "In the Mid
week Prayer Meeting." "Helping and
Helps" was the subject of an address at
ll:3u by Rev. Arthur \V. Rider, traveling
secretary for the Pacific Coast district of
the American Baptist Missionary Union.
At 1:30 o'clock in the .afternoon Rev.
George E. Jackson of the San Jose Afri
can M. E. Church led the prayer and
praise service, and at 1:35 "Feed My
Lambs" was the general topic of three
addresses. Earl S. Bingham of San Jose,
secretary of the California Sunday-school
Union, told of "The Scope of The Sunday
school": Rev. L. M. Walters of the Fresno
Congregational Church presented "The
Claims .of the Sunday-school Work on the
Endeavorers" and Rev. H. Shadle of the
Sacramento Christian Church answered
the question, "Shall We Emphasize Junior
and Intermediate "Work Next Year?"
the Misses Roberts sang "De Ma.ssa ob do
Sheepfol' " and three addresses followed
on the theme "Am I My Brother's
Keeper?" "Into the Highways and
Hedges," by Rev. Stephen Wood of the
Plymouth Congregational Church, Oak
land: "They That Go Down to the Sea In
Ships." by Rev. T. F. Burnham of the
Vallejo Presbyterian Church; "Our Neigh
bor and the Bottle." by Rev. J. R. Kno
dell of Oakland, secretary of the Anti-
Saloon League.
At 4:30 the convention adjourned to
allow the denominational rallies In the
various churches to be held. All of them
were well attended and much interest was
taken in the meetings. The ladles of each
of the churches served light refreshments
and the meetings at the close resolved
themselves in receptions. The delegates
became acquainted with their co-workers
here.
The evening programme was a splendid
one. It opened with an open-air prize
service on the plaza, and there was a
large attendance. Several helpful short
sermons were delivered in the Pavilion.
The officers will be elected to-morrow
ADJUDGES STRIKERS
TO BE IN' CONTEMPT
Federal Judge in Arkansas Ssntencss
T-wo Men to Six Months'
Imprisonment. .
branch to take Nee'ey in this country and
return him to Cuba.
The view wa.-< general that the situa
tion In Cuba was most extraordinary and
complicated, as. while Spain had relin
quished sovereignty, the United States
had not assumed sovereignty and the
1'nlted States had not organized a sov
ereign government.
Chairman Ray laid before the commit
tee a brief bill, having but one section,
and providing for the surrender of of
fending oBlcials of Cuba when fleeing into
•the 1'nlted States. This and the Attorney
General's bill were considered at length.
General Wood says that the report from
Muncie. Ind.. that nearly J2.000.oOO worth
of stamps have been printed there and
sent for distribution to Cuban postofflcen
can be regarded as a canard. There la
nothing hero to show that any such coun
terfeit stamps have been sent.
Reeves' Startling Confession.
It Is believed row that the whole story
la known and that the amount of th»
defalcation will fall between $100,000 and
$125,0u0. Thoxe who know the situation
best say that the confession of Reeves
was the only link required in the chain
of evidence, although the principal state
ments he has made will require Investi
gation before they can be acted upon, as
ft Is generally believed that hia accusa
tion is of such startling character aa to
render it unwise to proceed before being
absolutely sure of other evidence to cor
roborate it.
Another charge against Neely is that
he_ has defrauded the customs out of »ev
several thousand dollars of duties by im
porting, nominally for postal use. larce)
tjuantlties of paper which was afterward
sold to a printing house in Havana.
The Cubans are now beginning to tallt
a good deal regarding postal matter*, tho
main idea appearing to be that the Ameri
cans". havhiK found so manv of their coun
trymen implicated, will not proceed U> ex
tremities. The Cubans do not believe that
Neeley win be extradited. With thf con
fession of Reeves and Rich, supplemented
by tho?e of the stamp clerks and by the
statements of the Baracoa Postmaster, it
Is considered that the evidence against
Neeley Is complete, especially in view of
the assertion of Reeves that the stamps
were not destroyed when they were sup
posed to be. Packages which "were appar
ently, stamps were destroyed, and it Is
now said that they -were so many bits of
paper. The papers now begin to ask for
an investigation of the engineering de
partment. They say that this department
has been even more extravagantly con
ducted than the Postal Department.
HAVANA. May IS.— W. II. Reeves.
Deputy Auditor of the inland, made a
confession at midnight and gave up SJ500
given to him by C. F. \V. Neeley. the
arrested financial agent of posts at Ha
vana, to perform certain services the day
he left. General Wood and the postal in
spectors refuse to, disclose the nature of
the confession, barely admitting that a
confession has been made. It is claimed
that $1400 more will be recovered Immedi
ately.
WASHINGTON, May lS.-In accordance
with the request of Attorney General
Griggs, the Judiciary Committee of the
House to-day considered means to deal
with the Neeley case and like offenses
arising in Cuba. The need of action was
explained by the Attorney General in a
letter to Chairman Hay of the committee,
in which he said: ¦
¦ Recent offenses of a criminal nature commit
ted by an employe of the r"*ta! service tn
Cuba, who has fled from Justice there and
taken refuge in the Pnited State?, make It my
duty, to call your attentlun to the fact that th»
application of the i>reaent extradition laws of
the United States is In a condition ol doubt
and uncertainty, which makr-s it embarrassing
to the .Department ot Justice to secure the
prompt return of such orr?nilfcrs to the jurisdic
tion in. which the «-rin;e is committed anil in
which they t-hcul.l be tried.
It Is obvious that the lav.'* of the United
States ought to provide a sure and »p*edy rr
turn of !u*itive< from Justice v.'ho tiee from
Cuba and see': refuge in the United States. I
have drafted an act which will make the i-ourse
of procedure in such matters sure aru* certain,
and I respectfully ask that it l>e considered by
your commlttt-e and. If found expedient, that
k be Introduced and passed as speedily as pos
slbie.
Wide Range of the Bill.
The Attorney General's bill, besides pro
viding for extradition in ihe case of all
felonies and other crimes, [«ast and future,
against the penal code or the laws in
force on the Island of Cuba, contains a
section relating to; extradition -of fugi
tives between the States and Territor
ies and the islands in the posses
sion of the United States under the treaty
of Paris.
The discussion before Ihe committee
took a wide range, covering the status of
those officials who are performing- civil
functions while the islands are under mil
itary control. Some of-the members re
garded this military authority as so com
plete that it covered the cases of Neeley
and others and would permit the military
STOCKTON. May 18.— The second day i
of the Christian Endeavor conven
tion saw many more delegates in
their places, and while the work at
¦^ the session was principally confined
to the visitors and • the members of
the local societies, the evening meeting
brought out about 4000 to hear the pro
gramme. The music is \ the best ever
heard in this city and the 200 voices sim
ply make the : big- pavilion ring In the
choruses. The. special numbers by art
ists of State reputation were also very
fine. . -
All of the superintendents and State'
officers rendered their reports of the
State union work this forenoon, and while
they are principally of a statistical
character, they showed all branches of
the society to be In a flourishing condition
and steadily growing:. Several able and
interesting addresses were delivered by
convention speakers who held the cr.owd
at all times. : ...
¦ At 7:30 o'clock this .morning about 200
that It might Impair the denornlnatlonal
enthusiasm, or rather divide the affec
tions of the young Methodists. The va
rious denominational, rallies this evening
would indicate that this opinion is at
least subject to question, as the sect fe
ver and enthusiasm was. quite evident at
the meetings. ,
It is a very quiet crowd. Although.it
is estimated that there are 2000 here,
were it. not for the decorations about
town the presence of visitors would not
be noted except between the sessions of
the convention, when they go to and fro
over the city. However, it has been a
busy day and the people will probably
see more of them to-morrow. As usual
the women folk predominate 3 to 1 in
the throng-, t '
The delegates from Santa Ana to-day
distributed badges bearing the words
"Santa Ana'' 1901." There is no opposition
to the choice of Santa ATia for the con
vention city next. year. Fresno is said
to desire the convention for 1902, but there
has be,en little talk upon that subject yet.
Several Chinese are delegates to the con
vention. Rev. Soo Hoo Nam Art repre
sents the Chinese Presbyterian Society
of San B*ranclsco, and Chin Quang, Hong
Robbery Took Place Near Big Oak Flat and
Posse With Blocdhounds Is Pursuing the
Bandit— Suspects Under Surveillance.
Rallies in the Evening*
1\7T - C i. 4. C± ~k*U~ ' TV ¦- ID 4.*
Morning opent at otockton in Disposing or Routine
Work and Delegates Flock to Denominational
ENDEAVORERS TRANSACT
BUSINESS AND SING PRAISES
EXPOSES CUBAN
POSTAL FRAUDS
Deputy Auditor Reeves Makes
Confession and Gives Up
Stolen Money.
Attorney General Griggs Appeals to Congress
to Provide a Way for the Extradition
of Neeley.
LONE HIGHWAYMAN
STOPS TWO STAGES
Roadside.
Passengers Compelled to Step Out
and Deposit Their Coin on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAXLl SATURDAY, : :MAY.^l?,^i9pp.
STOCKTOX, May ;s.— The lon« high- [
v.Evman broke ail previous records last I
liig'jt between S and H o'clock by stopping
two YosemJte Valley stages — one going
each way— at Big Oak Flat.
The Jirst stage to arrive war, the one
from Chinese Camp. There were fir.? pas- I
Becsers In this stage. *A& uocn as the stage ;
arrived at the bridge the highwayman 1
rt*ppfd ov:t of a.place cf concealment and '
leveling -a pun at tho driver ecir.manded •
hte to step the horses. The driver did as
h* was lidden. rind then the highwayman |
c:dt-rcd the paS3C£geni to get out and de- j
j>OE-it their coin in a pile in the roadway. ;
This was <ione in a lew minutes ami with
out iiny mishap. The robber made no call
for the treasure box. As soon as the pas- ¦
s-triigtrs tad rr.ade their contributions to '
the iund for the support of the highway- i
man he ordered the driver to continue.
Before he pet started, however, the ,
fcL&ee coming from the other way drove j
up. Bad the highwayman ordered this to J
Stop. teiUng the otht-r driver to keep on.
It required but u few minutes n:cre for
the robber to secure the money of the oc- j
cupasti of the second stage. Two of the j
passengers v.cro women, and they were j
COt raoi<_sied. The same method was «m- !
Jiloyed by which the other stage pas-en- j
eers were relieved of their coin, each tie- !
positing a gum of money la a pile in the !
ll/2U »a>'.
1-rcrn the first lot cf passer.;y< rs the rob- j
Ixr s» cured about il'S >. 'me most that any •
one man coaxrllnxtea was ziti. He i.ad floi) I
w»th mm at tne Tint . no vr ever, but was i
Rise enough cot to jart vritti it ail. Some j
cr ire p&sspsgrr* gave up ail they ha-i.
From the recona stage it Is estimated j
that t;it- tusfcwaymaji e-ecured aix^ut S1!j
ur 4Ii" m s;.i,;s aveiusing rrom JIO to $3u. j
?«*ire persons irero relieved ot their cola
In tee two stages.
WcllR-Kargo messenger McXew statej
• .. D3 treasure to amount to anytning I
v....- on <*ith~T stage, and on neither stage j
was the'tr*-ai=urtr-t>«-x molesteti.
Kour or the men who were relieved of
their caili came through Stockton to San
Francisco, but on account of the short
t-:<'P here efforts to obtain further par- !
tieulara or t;.eir names w«-r«? iruitiesa.
While- but one man showed himself.
Tl-» re is :i belief that the robber had a
friend Dear by who •would have assisted I
J,!rn had It be-n necessary. "•.,
The man whi stopped the two stages I
and robbed the :>as^t : r.gt'rs is described as j
i--:rt- of medium height, stocp shoui- !
«:-r«J and having- blue eyes. On the way j
down on the train this morning one of the !
ladiea and cr.e of the who were j
< .. the s-tape at th<- time of the robbery I
taw a. man on the train whom they df- i
< :;tre<i was the man wh=> did the "work. !
The mar. pot off at Oakdale. and the |
t ffrers there were immediately notified. !
Suspects Arrested.
OAKDALE. 3»Iay 1&. — Constable James t
Pwatzel arrested wo r.:*-n on the incom- !
inp Sierra railway train, one of whom j
answered the de scription of the lone !
highwayman. They ?ave thtir rair.es as j
Chcrles Mciloy and Michael Keller. The
raen had only a few dollars in their pos- j
sefFion and no Rraponf. They said they j
would be able to prove they were in
Jamestown at th« time the robbery took I
place, and were later released on advices i
received from Tuclumne County. One j
of Use passengers on the down train says
be Is positive Keiley was the man who ;
held up the stages, and accordingly they j
are under surveillance. They refuse to
be Interviewed.
The Driver's Story.
CHINESE CAMP. May !'.— In an inter- I
vlerr with William Walton, driver of one j
. rf the Yosemite coaches which were held {
up last evening he gave h'.s account as j
follows: :
Last evening while coming leisurely
alcr.gr the prrade loading- to Moffitt's bridge
h™ oDverved the other stape at a stand
still, but thought it had stopped for him
to pas:= by, bu: upon approaching nearer
anu seeing all hands up he at once in*-
formed Ills passengers it was a hold-up.
The highwayman ordered him to drive un
closer and fcr all the gentlemen to alight
and turn their pockets inside out, which
was promptly done. One gentleman
pleaded for t5 very- persistently-, where
upon the lone robber placed the gun at.
bis -breast and exclaimed: "Take a dollar
and walk." One of the passengers having
presence of mir.d dropped a. purse con
taining 540 in the bottom of the stage.
None of the ladies were molested. .
Sheriff Price and a. posse v.'lth a blood
hound are now in pursuit of the lone ban
dit. Tliis is the first robbery that ever
occurred on the Big Oak Flat route to
Yosc-mite. The stage company has offered
a reward of £300 for the capture of the
highwayman. \
About fifteen >ears ago John' F. Stevens,
present guardian of Yosemite Valley, was
driving from Wawona jo Yosemite Valley
and was held up and robbed by two high
waymen. Great excitement prevailed at
the time, but the robbers escaped.
On: of the Victims.
BERKELEY. May 18.— Professor and
Mrs. Wilkinson of the Deaf and Dumb and
Blirrl Institute, received word this morn
ins from Mrs. A dele Walton. d"ated So
noia, saying: that the stage In which she
was a passenger had been held up near
Chinese Camp by masked highwaymen,
who relieved her of S50. Miss Walton,
who is visiting the Wilkinsons, is from
New York and is on a trip to Yosemite,
accompanied by Warren Olney, the at
torney.
LITTLE ROOK. Arlc. May IS.— In the
United States District Court to-day Judge
John A. Williams imposed a judicial sen
tence of six months upon Guy Miller and
Alden Hayes for contempt of court In
having boarded a street car and inter
fered with the non-union motorman, who
are employed by the court's officers now
operating the system, it was contended
by the defense that the motorman and
conductor were not on duty at the time,
but the court held that it made no differ
ence and that the receiver's employes as
such are entitled to the protection of the
court at all times. The court further de
clared that the further use of the term
"t-cab." as applied to non-union employes
who are under the court'? protection, was
in Itstlf very near contempt and must be
stopped. ..
MEMPHIS. May 39.— At an early hour
this (Saturday) morning the bodies of
Henry Reichmann of Memphis and Mrs.
Lilly Bad&kln. wife of a newspaperman
of Forrest City. Ark., were found in the
woman's apartments on Jefferson avenue.
Reichmann had been snot six times while
the woman's body received one bullet.
The affair is shrouded in mystery. No
•weapon was found about the premises and
it is believed to be a case of murder.
3
American Beatles.
There are noue fairer or sv.-eeter the
world over. Unfettered and untram-
sneled the American woman queens it ss
t ut»n: 8) jtjJUM»BTv does no other
7te/*/ff///////A* oA *- Yet ber
are of-
9$S?»if (///¦ / // v ten ti mes k er UR -
f **l//f>f/^^ tempts too much.
*rs>b "l^^/ffe// dercmried. And
ytj^ 1 l&££uf} m Vt ''' ien health goes
*ir -^v^aiv /*sff beauty goes also.
i^L, &&(&!& ttYf? <f/J The use of Dr.
r * v5'**»\Y ff ' /// Pierce's Golden
H-Tt r b>N?fci^ fir/i Discov-
:E5^*iS "^iJL: V^,/ erj' re-establishes
gmgft •%z^'//\' Lh '~ heaith - it
cures diseases of
stomach and
SS^SS$F>>Z organs of diges '
V perfect assiniila-
k e P ro P er Bo ur -
\ >( &C£^]////J isixment of the
sa-jji^ creases t-he Wood
.jgjjM^ Xv///' supply and elirn-
*^5!Sf^*V V^VV^ spates the impur-
cloud the complexion.
Mrs. Mary E. I^wis. of Tanner, Gilmer Co..
TV. Va.. xrr!te«: "Dr. Pierce's Goldea Medical
Discovery, 'Favorite Prescription' and 'Pleas-
ant Pellets.' cured rr.e when doctor* and other
medicines failed. For fifteen years I suffered
untold misery. I had given up all hope of
ever getting; -well. T could not lie do-wn to sleep,
end evervthin!T I ate"would almost cramp me to
death. Was very nervous and could hardly walk
across the rocnT. I only weighed nin-ty pounds
when I ccicmeitced talking: these medicines six
years ago; I now wrijh one hundred and forty
pounds and aa havfris: better health than ever
before. After being sick so long / kar-e changed
io be robust and rosy cheeked. I have taken fifteen
tottles each of 'Prescription,' 'Discovery' and
'Pellets.'" ¦
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets act gently
but effectively. Women value them.
fP&r^QNf
f^y cures
When Other Remedies Fail— |
I Ths most obstinate cases of E
Rheumatism. * B
I Sidney and Bladder Aliments, X
I i>t:>machTroub'cs C
f Female vomplaints. a
f- N.-rvoasiKus, g
I Catarrh, and 4
r Atl Blood Disease. »
b Thousands vnilinsly testify to the I
£ nntrits cf this groat e-jratlve. j
| At Druggist!. Etnd for p»cp\l»t to P,
E $1 betUe. ELECrEOZOKE ttro. 1
B CO.. Saa rrmcim. g
3 SaturdarSpecials! \
P: . 25 doz. FIGURED SATEEN CORSETS, new Paris *
0 • shape. • a
g 50 Cents Each. s
$ 1000 JAPANESE! FANS. «
| 5, 10, 15, 25 and 30 Dents Each. §
g • 10 pieces CHIFFOX VEILIXG, regular 50-cent quality. S
| 25 Cents for to-day only. §
S JABOTS AND COLLARETTES. g
« From 25 Cenl*^ ud. S
g ITS pieces 4%-lnch TAFFETA WASH RIBBON". . «
% 25 doz. LADIES* CALICO WRAPPERS, waist lined. *
J£> trimmed with braid, regular $1 quality. }£
I 75 Cents Each. g
*> 15 doz. LADIES* PERCALE "WRAPPERS, waist lined. O
S flounced skirt, epaulettes on shoulder, nicely Q
S braided, regular $1 50 quality. ¦ ¦ j§
§ , $1.00 Each. |
& i a i s
g V3> tr JL* V I r\. La •% 3
g 20 LADIES* TAILOR-MADE SUITS In black and blu«* «
K cheviot, double-breasted Eton Jackets, box pleated 8
X '•' skirt, regular $7 50 quality. X
§ $5.00 a Suit for to-day only. g
g iVILJ viLavtVlI^* 8
S £0 doz. 2*CLASP FRENCH PIQUE SEWED KID *5
S GLOVES, silk embroidered and Dent backs, all JO
S sizes, in dark fcnd light tans, modes, myrtle, olive. O
« . green, .pearl and black, regular Jl 25 glove, on spe- O
<*< " cial sale to-day. 8
% ¦ 75 Cents a Pair. |
1 G. CURTIN, ' 1
1 911-913 MARKET STREET. I
ADVERTISEMENTS..The trout fishermen look forward. to
high class spcrt ; ln June and July and are
taking matters easy at present.; The p^-in
cipnl streams are stiir too high,. the result
of occasional rains. -
Colonel Kelihor and John Gallagher are
at Balrds. oh theMcClbud; They.senf a
rainbow trout' weighing three and a. half
pounds to a friend in this clty*some days
since.- ¦ — ' ; ': .. .^- . . :.'..." .,: ¦
The salmon fishermen are JubQant, as
FISH AND FISHERMEN.
Diamond Badge for Scott.
>A number of friends presented Tax Col
lector Scott with 1 a handsome diamond
badge last, evening.'. "The. ,b.adge .. is artis
tically'chased with n.' solitaire in the.cen
ter and suitably -inscribed on the back.
Tha Tax Collector. wishes it distinctly un
derstood that\he badge did not come from
his deputies, .but from 7 personal friends.
He is well aware, of the charter provision
prohibiting" the receipt' of gifts from his
subordinates. „? ;-;¦ v; :
Bobbed a ,-Woodcb.dpper.
'Thomas Hill," alias; O'Brien, was sent
yesterday 1 to the 'County; Jail for .six
months' by ' Judge Fritz on '.; a ,' charge of
petty- larceny. ' -'He wna accused of steal
ing $26. from Ijcm H. , Walters, a . wood
chopper, on the steamer"; from Stockton
May 12. v The charge was 'originally grand
larceny,,: but by cpnsent'it was ¦ reduced
to the minor, offense. . ISiiSSi
f . ... ..*¦>.-.•
VAIjLEJO, May. 18.— The Valtejo Bicycle
Club, with the aid of the Napaitcs, will
complete the cinder bicycle path connect
ing Vallejo and Napa on- Sunday. The
Napa ' Supervisors appropriated $300 to
ward the path. - The. speed of riders will
be. limited to twelve miles an hour and
bikers will not be allowed to ride abreast.
The path is . about ; eighteen mile3 in
length. -''•-' -"¦¦•-¦
Bicycle Path to Napa.
A week ago the Whitney brothers and
the Hardys felt certain that they would
go to Chicago for the big middle western
championship tournament "which will be
played on July 8. 0. 10 and- 11, but
conditions are such to-day, that there is
a great ; deal, of doubt felt 'by all con
cerned, whether or not the Eastern trip
will prove a- fact. • :
James P. Gardener, manager of the
Kenwood Country Club, made- glowing
promises to the four, crack racket wleld
ers of the West when in San Francisco
a few weeks ago. His terms at that time
seemed agreeable to -the. Hardyg and the
Whitneys,.1!ut now on a second consid
eration of the proposition those- men tlnd
the expense, to be borne by fhe Ions trip
Kast greater than they : care 'to ' meet.
Gardener wafe anxious to 'secure the
Westerners for the tournament.' and he
may be induced to offer better- terms.
The tennis men think he will. The Cali
fornia Club is also anxious to have the
local cracks go to' Chicago and- represent
the club there, and .with this. end in view
a subscription has been talked of to llll
out the sum necessary for the trip.
One of the biggest tournaments, in the
history of,. the California Club will be
played Decoration day on the club courts.
It has been decided to make it open to
all-comers,, a singles, without handicaps
or classes. Invitations, wni be' sent out
to the well-Known players all over .the
State, and etfer'y' effort will b« "made to
have the tournunftnt a complete" success..
The Whltneys. the. Hardys and all the
clever lesser lights will be; on hand.
This tournament will be a. prelude to
the championship- event of the year
which will be played either at San Rafael
or San Jose' during the early, days of
July or the I last days of June, according
to the realization or failure of the- pro
posed'trip to; the East. ¦-. .
During s.the. week the . California courts
were crowded with players. who ! have al
ready begun to condition themselves for
the corning tournarnents.; •
RACKET WIELDERS ACTIVE.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, .May IS.— Cleveland, 10;
Kansas City, 8. ' ¦ ' .'' .
BUFFALO', 'N. Y.v Ma>» 13.— Buffalo-Chicago
game postponed; rain. - '
DKTROIT, May 18.— Detroit, 0; Minneapo
lis. 16.' <¦ :
INDIANAPOLIS. M«y 1S.— Indianapolis-Mil
waukee same postponed;, rain.
Clubs— - .. . . . n. II. H.
St. Louis. 13 16 0
.Kew York.... ../........::......... 5 9 i
Batteries — Jone^^jJnd. Criger; Hawley, Doheny
and Bowerman. Umpire — Swartwood.
American League Games. .
. ST. LOUIS, Mny 18.— St. Louis walloped
Hawley's curves unmercifully when hits were
needed. Attendance, 11S0. Score:
PITTSBURG,- May 1J.— In the fourth Inning,
after two men were out, Pittsburg found
Bernhard for two triples, ¦ two doubles and
three singles, scorlne: eight. runs. The visitors
could not hit Chesbnv except In the sixth and
»»venth. when five of the eight hits were made.
Attendance, 3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburir : U 17 1
Philadelphia 4 t 0
Batteries— Chesbro and Latimer; Beriiha'.d
and MeFarland. . Umpire — Hurst. . ¦
Pittsburg Batters Score Eight Runs
• in a Single Inning.
Clubs— XV: L." Pc. 1 . Clubs-^ W. L. Pc.
Philadelphia.ir. 7 .CJ2 St:; Louis 10 11 .478
Brooklyn ....15 8. .852 Cincinnati .. 9 12 .4.V)
Plttsburg ...14 10 .583iX«w York... « 15 .233
Chicago 13 10 .5651Boston 5 14 .2C3
SETBACK FOR QUAKERS:
The swimming and y dlving contests at
Sutro Baths to-morrow attracted the fol
lowing entries: 1
Fifty-yard dash, \ Juveniles — G. Rudonlck, J.
O'Brien. F. Carroll. H. Lelcken. A. Reese, P.
T-ockwood, P. Sunberg. O. Lowenberg, W.
Kipp. W. Winters, H. Frost. L. Hanlon. C.
Schilling, C. Childs, M. Carmody, J. Laird.
Tub race^ — H. Carcass. G. Wallace. C. Augus
tus. R. . Dahl. G. Kelber. : F. Taylor. A. Bau-
daln, F. Eames, W. .Jacobs. F. O'Brien, E.
Klpp, E. Wells. Trick and fancy- springboard
diving— E. Epperson, F.- BoRene, G. Wain
wrlght. F. Eames. O. Mlsmer, R. Rldinj. V.
Bodei. W. Summers'. J. Hanton, K. Hanpboro,
C Lundln, W. Harrlng. 'L. Haywaril?, F.
Terrlu. Special match— R.- Hiding against W.
A. Wolfe. ...
SWIMMING AND DIVING.
The followers of. handball will have
their usual match games tomorrow at
Phil Ryan's court, Howard street. The
games already arranged are between the
following players:
J. Leonard and P. Hutchinson vg. J. Mc-
Laughlin and Dan CVBrlen.
T. Leach and A. McVicker T3. O. Smith aad
J. Condon.
T. Foley and J. Klrby vs. Dan Regan and E.
XV. it. Sieberst and "W. Walsa vs. G. B. Hay
ward and J. J. Canavan.
E. Toy and R. Hausman vs. W. Magu!ro and
E. Curley.
M. Dillon and P. Kelly vs. G. Hutchlnton
and T. MeManus.
T. Serres and Joe Broyer vs. A. Whltemaa
and E. White.
W Fisher and V. McKlnnon vs. P. Ryan and
G. McDonald.
M. J. Kllyallon and A. Hampton va. J.
White and R. Murphy.
HANDBALL" MATCHES.
Whether coursing can or cannot be con
tinued at Ingleside will probably be de
cided once and for all by Judge Murasky
early next week. The case was again
taken into court on Thursday, when a
new injunction was secured against Chief
of Police Sullivan. 'The case was argued
yesterday and was submitted^ Coursing
will be continued without ' further Inter
ruption until Judge Murasky shall have
rendered his decision.
The stake at Ingleside this week la an
SO-dog one. The entries include Firm Foe,
Rivnzl, Rusty Gold, Rocker, Hawker,
Scottish Chief, Terrona, Master Clair, Sir
Pasha, Mose, Ilerschel's Pride, Lily of
the West. Golden Rule, Overture, Belle
Clair, Safeguard and Palmflower. Cours
ing will commence to-day at 12:30 p. m.
and to-morrow at 11 a. m.
One hundred and sixty greyhounds are
entered at Union Park this' week — IS In" a
puppy'stake and 112 in an open' stake.
Coursing will commence to-day upon the
arrival of the 10:15 a, m. train. The puppy
stake will be run down twice if time per
mits.. The best of the entries in this stake
are supposed to be Anchor, Moonlight,
Game Cock, Bald,Hea.d. Tyrone Prince
and Betsy Barrow. '¦ ,,
My Selection, among the recent importa
tions from England, will make his first
appearance and will meet F. A. MqCdmb's
One Spot. Curtis & Sons have entered
Luxor, Beacon and Narcissus, all of which
should figure in the stake to-morrow aft
ernoon. Beacon meeu Eugene Geary's
Ireland, brother to Palo Alto, in the ttrat
round.
J. Hf Rosseter. master of Pasha Ken
nels, has returned from an extended Eu
ropean trip. He had opportunities of see
ing coursing in its highest development in
England at the classic Waterloo meeting
and gathered much valuable information,
i especially regarding breeding. He pur
chased a number of greyhounds with the
best obtainable blood lines to develop the
breed in. this State. 'He tried to purchase
Faber Fortune, pronounced ths fastest
dog in England, a full brother to Fabu
lous Fortune, a Waterloo cup winner, but
his owner would not part with him.
Russell, Allen & Wilson's St. Clair and
Russell's Nancy were mated for the fifth
time On the 9th inst. The progeny of these
two great greyhounds have been among
•he noted performers on American cours
ing fields. One of the stars of the first
litter was Victor King. The second litter
gave to the sport Master Clair, Belle Clair
and Daisy Clair. A litter whelped in
April. 1899, and now thirteen months old
includes Wedding Belle, Faithful Lad'
Talk To Me. Cast Away and Stray Away'
These are all in this city now and will be
seen in competition when they have fully
developed.
W. J. Browning's Mountain Belle
whelped a litter of five puppies on the 5th
Inst. to St. Lawrence. Three of the litter
are dogs.
O'Shea Bros, have registered a litter or
seven puppies by- Fear Xot, out of Golden
• Sterl &. Knowies will xoon have another
Australian greyhound running In their
name. This Is a sapling named Icicle bv
Licorice, out of Rhyme. • *
Judge P. J. Reilly of Ingleside has a
brace of puppies by. Master Glenkirk
i Dawn, which his friends say are as biir
»as ponies. Although enly a year old one
of them weighs seventy-two pounds and
.the other nearly as much. ,
' N. P. Whitney's St. Anthony quarreled
with his kennel mate, Wanda, some dava
since and killed her. *
IX J. Healy's Maori Land will be mls«
ing from eoursluR records hereaif ter While
chasing a cat over a glass roof he'sus
tained such injuries that he had to be de
i stroyed.
Curtis & Son's Echo has been bred to
the Imported dog Fetter -Free.
George Parkinson has purchased the
greyhound Ben Lomond from II. F. An
derson..
Captain Cane has added Master Daven
port and a puppy by Sylvanus-Jennle Wil
son to his kennel, of which Greenhall i3
the star.
J. Sutton has four <losr puppies by For
Freedom-Mayflower w'nich are of great
promise. They are eight months old rtnd
have recovered from distemper and other
ailments peculiar to young greyhound*
especially if their owners prize them
highly.- ;
No Adverse. Action Can Be
Taken Until Decision
Is Rendered.
COURSING MAY
BE CONTINUED
AT INGLESIDE
sardines are becoming plentiful in Monte
rey Bay. The salmon always follow the
smaller fish, hence good- sport is in. pros
pect. , . . ...... -
Striped- bass are plentiful in Petaluma
Creek and in Oakland estuary. Some 200
men fished from the railroad pier last
Sunday. A number of 15-pound fish were
taken. ': '
Lloyd Eaton, the 'well known fisherman
and all round sportsman, sailed on Thurs
day for the gold fields of Cape Nome. His
friends saw him off in a style which he
will not forget if he lives to be a hun
dred years old.
William Roehr. Richard Henning and
Julius Falting. three well known grocers
of the Mission*, have been successful
cs cod fishermen recently. Point Blunt
was the scene of their operations. Of the
three Mr. Roehr was the most successful,
securing thirty-three fine flsh, which he
distributed among his friends.
The boating season will be inaugurated to-morrow over a new course at Belvedere, the va
rious clubs about the bay contributing their best scujlers and bargemen. The regatta was orig- j
inaliy projected by the Olympic Boat Club, but it developed so rapidly In Importance that It was
placed in the hands of the regatta committee of the Pacific;' Association, -Amateur Athletic Union.
The seating arrangements used at the celebration of "A Ni&ht in Venice" still remain, thus af
fording spectators a clear view of the course without the inconvenience to which they have here
tofore been subjected on regatta Cays. Under such favorable conditions the opening day cannot be
other than successful.
A sportsmen's convention will be held
In this city," commencing on Thursday
next. It is expected to do much good in
suggesting tho legislation necessary for
the preservation of flsh and other game
which is found in almost endless variety
within the borders of this State. The
officers of the State Fish Commission took
the initiative In the matter, inviting dele
gates from all over the State. The idea
is to frame a general law which will cover
the varying- conditions which are found
throughout, the State. As each county
Board of Supervisors was asked to name
two delegates there will be a general In
terchange of ideas, which -must bring
some good results in their train.
The persons invited tosit In the con
vention have responded quickly, and with
few exceptions hav« promised to attend.
The number of "birds to be bagged In one
day, the protecting of English snipe, the
regulating of deer-shooting and other
matters which the genuine sportsmen feel
need attention I will be discussed.- The
Supervisors, of .the .various counties, have
worked independently in framing laws
and filling the statute books. It is hoped
to get one law governing the whole State.
Tho shooting at Inglesidft' to*morrow
will be done by members of the California
Wing Shooting Club and the Lincoln Gun
Club. The former will shoot live birds,
while the latter will smash blnerocks.
The members of Burlingame ¦ Country
Club will hold their second pigeon shoot
for the Carolan cup on their grounds on
July 4. .The' members have greater facili
ties for practice than they had last year
and higher, class shooting is expected.
Will Frame Laws Which' Jhe
Next, Legislature Will Be-
Asked to Pass.
SPORTSMEN OF
ALL CLASSES
TO MEET HERE
The localv-ricket season was opened la«=t
Sunday on the ground at Webster .street.
Alamcda, try the match between the Pa
cific and Alamcda cricjtet clubs. The Ala
meda team, though, it was two men short
and J. J. Moriarty retired after making
SI runs, won. easily by Vib runs. The only
Pacific batsmen who made any stand at
all were C. P. Coles. D. Jarnieson and
George Th«obald t while Fix of the nine
Alameda men scored double figures.
This morning the t-econd pennant match
will be played between the Pacific and
California teams. The representative? of
the Pacific Club will be H. C. Cassidy
«captain : i. John Myers. George Theobald
A. B. Walls, A. W. Wilding. C. P. Coles,
I). Jamison, W. Jamieson. W. G. Sel
wood. E. ,«v. Johnston and W. McDonald
The California team will be made up on
the grout*!, the following being among
Those who- are most likely to play: E. G.
Slonian. Alrthur Dickenson, A. D. Reyn
olds. W. Beeves, C Banner, J. Guild.* L.
Schroeder,._E. J. Loughman. O. J. Thomas.
A. Willis, .G. C. Farrell. AV. H. Howard
and E. \V. Watts. The California* will be
without tHe services of H. H. Cookson
¦who Is in Hritish Columbia, and of F M
Gunn, who has left the city. A meeting
of the clu:» will be h*>ld next Mondav
night, at which a weretary will be cho<=eh
to succeed F. M. Gunn.
The comrcunicatioa received bv the
California Ctricket As.<wiation f rom" H V
Keeling, s=ec:rt<ary of the Lakeport Cricket
Club, setting forth the grounds of dis
satisfaction raisting between the countrv
<"lubs »nd tie association, has been re"
fiHed to in a carefully considered letter
which it is hoped will reassure the I -ike
County cricJttrters and render them heartv
*isj>port*>ry of the association. An assur
ance has been givr-n that if it is found
impossible for any one ciub to make up a
team to visit Laae County during this
feason a combrne»l team will be sent The
I^ake County <riekft*rs have not' been
visited by a cfry team for. several vear««
and are desirt»js to try thHr strength
Hgainst the cra-Jceters of San FrancUco
¦ no n<'ig-hnorh<x-d. Last season the bat
!L n *w and bow U n «L averages obtained by
t he best men of the Lakeport eleven pur
passed those gained by the citv cricket
ers. The association will send two pairs
of pads, as soon, as they ran be obtained
to the Lakeport and Burns Vallev club«
to be awarded as seems b«- s f to thV mem!
bers of these club;?. The supplv of crick
eting material in San Francfccb haVnfn
to low that it has been impossible to o'»
tain them hitherto* v oie Ir> 0 - ) "
The> secretary of th«> association has re-
I'lon*., ibJj. This will be presented at in
early opportunity to th* i.rf«ifient of th«
Callfornias The donor is ward Brown
president of the association »ro^n.
i • ¦
RECORD FLY OF PIGEONS.
—
The California Pigeon and Homing So
ciety's second old-bird race of the north
ern series was held last Sunday The
pigeons were liberated at Reddintr the
l fl0^ ml i e , statl °n ?f the Homing Society
A bird from the loft of John Filrner ¦ cov'
ered the distance at the rate, of l^f vard^
per minute or £« miles per hour beat?
fn * a V~£° aSt >;« >oords - The previous b^st
was 12S6 yards per minute. This Vva«
Rlso beaten by one of H. C. Woruft
homers, which covered 1303 vards wr
minute. t ., ' »" r
The birds will be sent 209 miles •»,
to-morrow and more new records ari»*V
I>eetc-d. The results of last Sundays "race
J. FiUner 1 * R. S74 arrived at in.-oe-Jo « m .
I33V.96 yards r^r minute. *peea.
II. C. Worth> A. £0 arrivrt 10:09-39 a. m -
dinaoo 193 mile* JC3 yard*: average *rJ?V
1*9 vfcrd* per minute. s *peed.
J. Barnes* A. 2301 arrived 10:16 a. m • <>i.
tance not determined. • * cls "
William Hart ery' • A. 1694 arrived 1019 « _,
dlKtanc* 1<* miles C15 yards; average rp ™a
1!X» yards r«"r minute. * •
N. A. Smith's A. 1833 arriwi «t 11:0$ -15 a m -
distance not determined. ; '
A. Meyers' A.* 16 arrive* at 11:11 a. m • di
t&nce not determined.
G. V. Marshs It. TA arrived *t n:28:U ; ,»! s .
tanrc. 192 onilen 1110 * yard*; average speed
l'^.o; yards p*r minute.
DOC SHOW PROTESTHOLDS
The protest of J. W. FTynn against the
award at tho recent show to Alec Colvln's
pointer Lady C was considered at a spe
•cial meeting of the bench show committee
of the San Francisco Kennel Club beia
• It was intended to open the new eipht
een-h'ole course, of the San Rafael Golf
Club to-day with a match between two
teams, each of six men, representing the
San Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs.
Tho absence of C. P. Hubbard and George
D._ Greenwood prevents the Oakland Club
from making up a really strong team.
The project has, therefore, been aban
doned, and for the. present at least the
golfers of San Francisco and neighbor-'
hood will lose the pleasure of seeing an
interesting contest. Meanwhile the quali
fying rounds of the competitions for the
Council's, cups for men and women are
proceeding. In the case of the ladles the
first nine holes are played in the morning,
and the second nine in the afternoon. On
Saturday, June 2, in addition to the play
for the Council's cups, there will be a
handicap competition, medal play, for the
ladies who have played qualifying rounds
for the Council's cup, but do not reach tht,
final round. It will be over nine holes
and open to all but the winner of .the
Council's cup contest and the runner-up.
Now that less golf is being played in
San Francisco and neighborhood than
during the winter and spring the number
of visitors to the links at Del Monte.
Santa Cruz, Santa Catalina and other
places has increased.
The course of the Santa Catalina'Island
Golf Club has been much improved, sev
eral of the holes having been lengthened.
The first hole, named Cruz, which was
210 yards, Is 2C6: the second, Miguel is
lengthened one yard; the third. Nicholas,
is 18 yards longer than formerly; the
fourth teeing grourid has been moved
nearer to the mouth of the ravine and to
the third putting green, which has been
remade and is now in the center of the
plateau. A fourth hole, named Anacapa,
having a distance of 157 yards, has been
put In between Nicholas and Catalina
which is now the fifth hole. The fair
sreen leading to the fifth hole avoids tho
rock-encumbered ground and is on the
farther side of the plateau. Clemente, the
old fifth hole, is the sixth, and has been
lengthened, the old sixth hole being left
out altogether. From the seventh teeing
ground ithe drive is acnoss ¦ a shallow
ditch, then an iron shot to the precipice
and over with a lofter. It is hardly possi
ble, however, to loft on to theNgreen, and<
though the, length of the hole is only 334
yards tho golfer who makes It In six
strokes will he playing a strong game
The eighth hole, Barbara, is 230 yards, as
before, and the ninth. Gundalupe, has
been lengthened from 185 to 201 yards, v
¦ » »
WRESTLER BURNS IN TOWN
"Farmer" Burns, one. of the best-known
wrestlers in the country, arrived her© yes
terilay from Chicago. He is -5 feet 10
Inches high and wrestles at from 160 to 165
pounds.;. His favorite style iS'Catch-as
catch-c.tn. He would like to, meet 'Hall
Adali, the "Sultan's Lion," or any wres
tlers . the coast has to offer.' He has a
high opinion of Jack Moffatt. the boxer,
"and believes he will keep Neill busy when
they enter the ring. r
SENATORS AND
FRISCO ON THE
LOCAL DIAMOND
The Change in Harris' Team
Looked Upon as a Marked
Improvement.
Sacramento leads the California Base
ball League at this early stage of the sea
son with a good, comfortable percentage.
Unless* the other teams pick up in their
game the Senators are likely to hold what
they have earned. From the tail end Sac
ramento crept straight up the column to
the top. Not only have the Capital City
men the crack twirlers of the league, but
they have a well-formed and harmonized
team. /
It by no means follows that the other
clubs are out of the race. By consistent,
good playirg all of them have a chance
with thechampions. but as d* rule some
thing seems to happen. to the opposing
team at the wrong moment. The season
has been under way long enough for all
the teams to have reached form and there
should be no excuses on this score. .
Though the San Francisco' ball-tossers
are trailing along after tlte. other league
teams "Uncle"' Henry find? solace in the
little table which shows the games that
have been won and lost. He points with
pride to the fact that his team has won
four out of the seven games played
against the champions and- leaders and
argues that having aceomplrshed that it
should be conceded that they are capable
of playing fast ball even though they are
at the tail end. The Sacramento* have
been beaten by the Stocktons in only one
game and but a single time by the Oak
lands. ' . ' ..
The standine of the clubs to ' date is
shown in this table:
The Sacramento and Frisco ; teams will
play the string out at Recreation Park
this week and the result should be
watched with considerable interest. The
Sunday game will be the tenth meeting
of the season and the champions .will
have to win two -of this series to split
even with the locals. "Hank" Harris is
intent upon preventing an even break and
he will require Iburg to do the twirling in
two of the contests. In the Sunday game
Iburg will be In the box against Jay
Hughes and there should therefore be a
pretty exhibition of box work. Pabst, the
new captain of the Friscos. will make his
local debut to-morrow and Henry Krug
will be back at shortstop, McCarthy hav
ing left the team.
The line-up for the game to-morrorw is
as follows:
Sacramento. Position*. San Francisco.
Stanley Catcher Schwartz
Doyle Pitcher .....Iburg
Hanlon ...First base Pabst
Stultz Second base ..Reilly
Devercaux Third base Pep] es
Ea«an Shortstop .."...; Kxujj
McLauehlln I-rf-ft field I^evy
Pyne Otnter field Brockhofl
Huehe* Rlrht field HUdebrand
The league has just tasted the bitters of
an umpire crisis, but a ready attempt has
been made to correct the' evil. . Jack Don
ovan was given a chance at it. but he
signally failed, on this side of the bay.
Dor.ohue was tlien tried and h!s first work
last Sunday was seemingly satisfactory.
Tile Dan P. Carters, one of the best
known amateur teams of this city, will
try conclusions with Vacaville's nine at
that town to-morrow. On the following
Sunday tha Carters will play the Ter
minal \Yheelman of Stockton at the Six
teenth and Folsom streets grounds. Both
games should b« extremely exciting and
their outcome will be watched- with inter-
I on the 16th inst. The board of directors
j had previously delined the field trial class
t as being only for pointers and setters th«t
had been placed tirst. second and third in
some recognized Held trial, and this defrt
nition left th<? bench show committee no
alternative .other than to sustain the pro
test. This was done and the cup presented
by the Pacific Coast Field Trials Associa
tion wap then awarded to J. XV. Flynn's
pointer dog Senator P.
The office of the San Francisco Kennel
Club at 223 Montgomery atreet will be
open to-day from 3:30 to 5:30 p. m. for the
payment of prize?, after which all com
munications should be addressed to the
secretary, II. H. Carlton, at Xapa.
It has been definitely decided that a
bench show "will be held in Oakland in
September, to be closely followed by the
show of the California State Fair Asso
elation. Both these shows will be held
under American Kennel Club rules and
the present prospect is that an extensive
circuit of the A. K. C. shows will shortly
be arranged, to include with these cities
Stockton. Fresno and L<os Angeles.
Dr. A. R. Bailey of Seattle has bought
N; H. Hickman's English setter Count
Harold, by Harold out of Countess Noble.
It is greatly to be regretted that this fine
animal cannot be exhibited at A. K. C.
shows, because of the disqualification of
his breeder. H. T. Payne.
Coco, the Japanese spaniel which took
the second prize in the open class at the
recent show, is dead, and Thomas II.
Stevenson will find some difficulty in re»
placing this tiny animal.
• Another death is that of the Eskimo dog
Nuggets,* the property of Harold R.
Brown. Nuggets was the center of at
traction at the show and Mr. Brown re
fused several good offers for him.
¦ ? ¦
ON THE GOLF LINKS.
STANLEY ADDERLEY, TRITON ROWING CLUB, JUNIOR SKIFF CHAMPION.
PHO TOGRAPHED FOR THE CALI*
Boating Season to Be Opened
To-Morrow, All Clubs Con
tributing Men.
SCULLERS WILL
RACE IN COVE
AT BELVEDERE
Juanita. Cysnas, Thetia. Surprise. Hope
and Kolly and the yawl Phyllis. The
sloop Catherine, which is almost always
on club cruises, was absent, as also was
Dr. A. W. .McKenzle's sloop Sappho,
which, though moored off the San Fran
cisco Vacht Clur> house at Sausalito, sails
under the CorJnthian fiag.
The flagship Embla of the California
Yacht C!ub v:na accompanied by tha
Floops Pactolus. Secret. Thelma. Jessia
E.. Surf and Vesa. Of the Corinthian
fleet ther» were the yawls Arcturtis. Kit
tiwake. Spray and Neire!d. and the sloops
Edna, Aeolua, Xixie, Frcfla. Anna. r*e
reus. Truant. Pride. Mischief. Mijrnon.
Speedwell. Amiffo and several more. Tha
.«ehooners anchored near the receiving
ship Independence, with the smaller craft
higher up the straits and chiefly on the
Vallejo shore. The? brat dc-wri from Val
leja was unusually pleasant, there being
a good breeze, an ( bb tide and scarcely
any sea. Off the quarantine hulk the
breeze slackened, but all the> yachts
reached their moorings in good time. In
San Pablo Bay the aioop Cygnus/ whil©
the breeze was strong.secured. a lonjr lead
over the sloop Juanita. but In Raccoon
Straits J.uanita passed her ami made her
moorings first. The sloop Surf stood too
far over toward the Marin shore and
was passed by several of the small craft.
Last Saturday the Knclnals opened the
season with a vaudeville show and dance
in the clubhouse, the principal perform
ers being Alex Rosborouith. W. J. Hynes.
H. Melvln. X. Halton. W. O"Brien, Ben
Tarbox. F. "W. Thompson. Clifford Ire
land and Captain John L«ale. Dr. Charles
L. Tlsdale acted as master of ceremonies.
To-day and to-morro-w are open days
on the programmes of the San Francisco.
Corinthian, Enclnal and California Yacht
cfubs. but the South Bay yachtsmen
cruise to Dumbarton this afternoon and
to-morrow will sail to Redwood City and
back. The Oakland Canoe Club la rnak-
Ing some alterations In its house on Ses
sions Basin and will not gtve any formal
opening of the season. The event set
down for to-day and to-morrow is a
cruise to Goat Island and return.
The regatta committee, consisting of
J. H. Hopps, E. S. Emmons and W. A.
Stringer, is preparing for the Corinthian
Club annual regatta on Decoration day.
The regatta committee of the California
Yacht Club, consisting" of R. L. Eames.
I. H. Clay and H. I* dapp, will, during
the coming week, make arrangements for
the annual club regatta, on Memorial day.
It is to be regretted that the regattas
cannot be held on different days, esne
cially as Blossom Rock buoy is used as
a mark in both events.
but the wind was light, and the flood tid«»
prevented them from making: much head
way. Most of the yachts left their an
chorage between 10 o'clock and noon, and
the sight presented when they entered"
San Pablo Bay was striking. . The big
schooners raced down. 'ti-ConiBiodore I.
Gutte's Chispa reaching 1 her Sausallto
moorings only two minutes later than tha
sloop Nixie. Of the Corinthian fleet Vice
Commodore E. F. Sagar's Edna took tha
lead, with the yawls Anturus and Kltti
•wake and the sloop Nixie following.- The
Aeolus and Harpoon beat all tho smaller
boats. The San Fmncinco Yacht Club
was repre?ented by almost all its fleet,
including the schooners llamona. Chiapa.
L.tirline and Virginia. t?u> sIoods Siren.
The combined crutee of the San Kran
clsco, Corinthian and California Yacht
clubs to Vallejo last Saturday and Sunday
was highly successful. The sail to Val
lejo from Oakland Creek. Sausalllo cr
Tiburon by the light of a brilliant moon
with .a good breeze and a flowing: tide
was enjoyable. Some of the yachts
reached Vallejo about^J o'clock In the
evening and others dropped In up to mid
night. On Sunday morning there were
between thirty and forty yachts at an
chor In Carqulnez Srralts. A few of tha
yachtsmen eot under way about 8 o'clock.
Corinthian and California Club
Boats to Compete on Dec
oration Day.
YACHT SAILS
STRETCHED FOR
COMING RACES
THE S A N FRAKCISCOqALL, SATURDA MAY.. 19, 1 900.
The opening- rowing regatta of the spa-
Boa w;n take place to-mnrrow in Belve
dere Cove, the races bcgt&nJxqr short iy nf
tet the arrival of the J:S< p. m. boat from
this city. The oarsmen ami th<»:r V>oais
¦will be tauten over by the :t;30 a. m. forty
steamer. so that there may be ample time
»o get the boats housed and for \h* rnea
to enjoy luncheon. The $<>con.l event i:<
cae :e^&rdlncr wh'ch ther* has been a
g^>oa deal of pnecjlation amoiic the cars
rnen—:l:t match in outrlpcrer skills be
tween George Baker nr the Dolohlns urd
Stanley Adderley of the Trltonx Both
men ir? big: ana ftrong and are la exoe' - ;
ient condition. Both won the junior tham
pionship easily, ihnug-h it is sai-J t'nnt B.-i
ker won hy a larger niarcin iiri;i Adder
ley. The first ever.t is a consolation
barge r^ce between crews of Olympic
oarsmen. The third event is th<» jtuuer
barse race, in wfcich «-rews of the Olrin
pic. Altmeda. Dolphin. South KnJ tivi
Ariel teat clubs wijl take pan. The last
event will be a Junior nuirJgser -Rift' race.
in whirh the entries arc a? foliom:
Charles Wilsnn, Ariel Rowing «'lub: Vic
tor Caglieri. Olympic Boat Oub; J. O.
Sterner and H. «". Ouild. AlaRi?<la. Boat
ing anci M. J. Breon. South End
Rowing Club. There WM B02K talk of an
entry from the University of Cnliforn'a.
but the barpe crew was broken up by the
graduation <>f Feme of i;s members, and
no skiff man lias made an entry. The
Trht)!«? affair has its headquarters' at the
Olympic boat r.otis" in Belvedere Cove,
and if. indeed, an Olympic ladles" day.
b'Jt is undfr the control of the Pacific As
sociation of th»- AinaVur AthWu- T'rfon.
B»t*«^n the m<iiv important <-vpi;:s will
be pwitnxniMg' nuvs and walking- the
grep.Fy pole. The Olympic lioat h<njf=e can
feat about 15^ speciaturs, ani a strictly
limited number <>f tickets, admitting one
man and ladies, has he^n issued. A *epa
rate room in the bnnt house will V>e ¦*-
signed to oa<~h rowing '¦lub. The great
bulk of the spectators Will fin/1 ]>la<*.-> on
Valentines Inland. abovH the Corinthian
Yacht Club house, where the s^ats built
for th#> last "Nijrht in V«nf<re* have Iwn
ciear*Kl of th«* purrotindlrfc wrced*. Th<»
list of ofB'ials has already Uwn published
'.n The Call, but in addition to the jurip«»s
named there will b*» I. <"itron and D. H.
Everett «f the Triton Club.
The roursp is of Indefinite lenjrth, but is
rnujrhly estimated at dim and a ha?f
mil<--s. that is. thre«»-quart*>rs of a mile
from the Olympic l»oat house ? <¦» Holvedere
Point, and thre^-quart^rs back. It will
be marked by huoys at the turning point.
The contestants will be rlistintruishable
by their colors, as follows: Aluxnedas,
bieck jerseys with flap: in col
on on the breast; Olympics, all rci;
Arielf. royal blue and white; Dolphin?.
white, with blue monojrram and crossed
oars; South Ends, red and white stripes.
In the barfre race the South funds have
th" first choice of position: the Dolphins
second; Alamedas third; Olympics
fourth and the Ariels last. If there
should be a strong wind and signs of
rough water In the cove the junior bartre
race will be rowtvj first, as being the most
important event of the day — indeed, the
one out of which the whole yacht regatta
Frew.
The Ariel and Pioneer rowine clubs
will hol-d a ladies' day jointly next month
at Lone wharf, which, like a threatened
man. lives long. The Pioneer? will take
the matter up at their next meeting and
discufs the details of the programme.
The event will be the second race for the
Alpers medal for outrifrecr-skiff men.
BATSMEN AND. BOWLERS.
SPORTS
4
g> O ] m •« c. Ox
% g. | § | | 5
¦ "it o t .1
' '•* * ;
Sacramento i ; 3 3 10 16 1.625
Oakland 1 .... * 3 8 15 .533
Stockton 1 3 .... * 8 16 .SOT
San Kraneif*co 4 0 1 .... 5 15 .333
: : 1 — .
Game? lo^t «i.| 7 {• 8 [ 10 . ¦ .*.| 1
g> O ] m •« c. Ox
% g. | § | | 5
¦ "it o t .1
' '•* * ;
Sacramento i ; 3 3 10 16 1.625
Oakland 1 .... * 3 8 15 .533
Stockton 1 3 .... * 8 16 .SOT
San Kraneif*co 4 0 1 .... 5 15 .333
: : 1 — .
Game? lo^t «i.| 7 {• 8 [ 10 . ¦ .*.| 1
Stmply send 'your name and address to Dr. !*¦
W. Knapp. 16S9 Hull bldg.. Detroit. Mich., and
he will' gladly send the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily cut*
himself at hcjne. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous offer and the following extracts taken
from his daily mail show. what men think of
his reneroslty:
"Dear Sir:— Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It ha* completely braced
me uu. I am Just as rigorous aa when a Boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir:— Your method work-d beautifully.
Kesults were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vicor have comDletely returned and en-
lareement Is entirely satisfactory." ...
"Pear Sir:— Tours was r^ceiv^i and I naa no
trouble in making use of th« receipt a* directed
and can truthfully nay it is a boon to wea-c
men. I am greatly improved in size, strengtn
a "\ll V forirespondence Is "tri ctI y *- onfll1 'T,5} a k
niatl-1 In Dlain sealnt env»l»p». The recelnt la
free for th» asking and he wants every man to
hava it.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from s-xual weakness, lort
vitality, night losses, varicocele. etc.. and ea-
larse small 'weak organs to full size and vigor.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY
HOME FOR ALL.
a a §5??S"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
R«ad about the . Wander.
Tear of little Paloma .•
Schramm, the pianist. ..It ¦ Will
. be published exclusively in
next Sunday's CalL
I* XV. KN'APP. M.D.Brother Jockeys on Five Winners at
the Gatwick Meeting.
GREAT DAY FOB THE BETETS.
LONDON, May 18.— American Jockeys
had winning mounts in six events at the
opening day of the Gatwlck summer
meeting to-day, and of those the Relff
brothers had three. Richard Croker's
Scotchman II, with L. Relfl up$ won the
Champney plate and the same Jockey
rode Golden Horseshoe to victory in the
May Blossom handicap. The Alexandria
handicap was won by Lutitia, ridden by
J. Reiff.
Sloan was in the saddle on the Steele
colt, which won the "Worth stakes of 1000
sovereigns. Half Caste, ridden by J.
Relff, won the Ashdown selling handicap.
The race for the Mart plate resulted
In a dead heat for first place between
Mr. Croker's Eileen Violet, with L. Kelff
up, and Royal River. The stakes were
•divided.
DIVORCE GRANTED TO
MRS. SUSAN TYLER
Literary Man's Suit on the Ground of
Cruelty Denied and "Wife's Cross *
Complaint Allowed.
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
GRAND FORKS. N. D., May 18.-In the
District Court here to-day before Judge
FIsk, Mrs. Susan E. Tyler, represented by
Richards and Carrier of Santa Barbara,
was granted a divorce from her husband.
Edwin Tyler. of the Literary Digest of
New York.
Air. Tyler's suit for divorce on the
ground of cruelty was denied, and his
wife's cross-bill, alleging desertion and
non-support; was allowed. Tyler's. bona
fide residence In the State was questioned,
but the fact was not dwelt upon at great
length, as the court : considered the evi
dence of desertion ample to warrant a de
cree. Neither of tbe parties made a per
sonal appearance, though Edwin Tyler
was in the city. during the hearing. The
case will not be appealed, as the attor
neys have made a satisfactory arrange
ment concerning alimony.
Plaw's Great Hammer Throw.
PRINCETON, N; J.. May 18.— In practice
to-day A. Plaw of the California team
threw the hammer 16S feet.
MISFORTUNES
CROWD UPON
CALIFORNIA
Handicapped in Their Con-
t tests With Pennsylva
nia To-Day.
BY A. M. WflLSH-
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
PRINCETON, N. J.. May 18.—To-mor
row morning the California team will go
to Philadelphia, where it will meet the
strongest athletic team in the country—
that of the University of Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania is this year to send her ath
letes to Paris, -where they will compete
for the world's championship. Of course,
our- team 6tands no chance of winning
from them, but it is going Into the games
with the spirit of "never say die."
Physically the Californlans are In good
condition, but they have had some acci
dents. Hoffman's leg, which was sprained
last Saturday, is improving slowly. He
will not attempt the pole vault, but will
take a few trials in the high jump. ¦Wool
sey will not be able to compete in the
shot-put on account of a sore arm, which
was hurt when ho fell Jn the hurdle race
last Saturday. This bad luck would be
enough to defeat us even If our team were
as good as that of our competitors. These
two men should be good for at least fif
teen points— in fact, they are the surest
point-winners In the team with the excep
tion of Plaw. .
All the rest of the team are in better
shape than they have been before this
season. The boys profited wonderfully by
the coaching, which has been so kindiy
rf ndercd by Captain' Crcgan of Princeton.
The California boys ar<; disgusted with
the treatment they have shelved from
Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania, mana
ger has' seen our helples3 condition and
has taken advantage of it. He has done
things which he would not even attempt
with Eastern colleges. He has entered
I two men— Baxter and Mechlins— who are
[ not eligible to compete. California will be
compelled to compete on account of finan
cial troubles. The following are the en
tries, with the i words of their men:
300- yard dash— Pennsylvania: Kraenzleln.
10 1-3; Mrl.aln. 10 1-j. California: Codogan,
10 r-5; Drum. 10 1-5.
129 yardf— Pennsylvania: McLaln, 22 3-5;
Smith, 22 4-u. California: Drum. 13; Cadogan,
23 1-5. ,• •
440 yards— Pennsylvania: Drumhlller, 60 Z-3;
Smith, 513-5. California: . Drum, 81. .
' SSO yards— Pennsylvania: Grant. 1:56; Mech-
lint?, 1:68. California: Service, 2:02.
Mile— Pennsylvania: Grant, 4:26; Bushnell,
4:31. California: Moser, 4:40.
High hurdles— Pennsylvania: Kraenzlein,
lo 3-5; Remington, 16. California: Hamlin,
L*>w hurdlea — Pennsylvania: Kraenzlcln,
23 1-5; Remington. 25 4-5. California: Woolsey,
26 1-5: Hamlin. 2S 3-5.
High jump— Pennsylvania: Baxter, 6 feet 33%
Inches; Remington. 5 fret 11 Inches. California.
Hoffman. 5 feet 11 Inches; Woolsey, 5 feet 10
inchen.
Shot-put — Pennsylvania: McCracken, 42 feet
10 Inches: Hare, 41 feet. California: Plaw, 42
feet 7 Inches; Woolsey, 41 feet 11 inches.
Hammer-throw— Pennsylvania: McCracken.
152 feet; Hare. 138 feet. ; California: Plaw, 156
feet.
Both the pole vault and the broad Jump
will go to Pennsylvania by default as our
men for these events have been disabled.
XEW TORK. May IS.— Chaxle* (Kid)
McCoy easily defeated Australian Dan
Creedoa at the Broadway Athletic Club
to-night before one of the largest crowds
that has ever assembled in the club.
Thirty-four .seconds of the sixth round
¦was all the time needed to turn the trick.
(Lnd McCoy could have brought the fight
to an earlier conclusion had he been so
disposed. Creedon made a poor showing.
At no time did he land a. blow that hurt
McCoy.
The opening bout between Tommy Feltz
of Brooklyn and Harry Bresnick of New
York, scheduled as a twelve-round fight
at 10o pounds, was a short affair, ending
in the second round In favor of Keltr. Tiie
referee declared Bresnick outclassed.
Creedon was the first to enter the ring,
B-ccompanJed by Dal Hawkins, Denny
Murphy and Joe Caine. A few minutes
later the "Kid' came through the ropes
•with his brother Homer. Billy Muldoon.
Jo*- Falvey and "¦Jimmy" de Forest as
eeconds. Both looked to be in pood shape.
When the bell sounded the "Kid" start
ed in with clever feinting and foot work.
He had a emlle on his face, but Creedon
looked serious, and was the first to land
with a srood left to the wind. McCoy
danced away and came back with several
jabs to the face and body, and then
crossed his right to the head.
Creedon was inclined to mix things In
the second round, and twice landed his
left to the head. McCoy jabbed And tried
hard to reach the jaw with his right, but
Dan held a h!ph guard. The "Kid"
reached the stomach with his left.
In the third McCoy began jabbing his
right to the wind, but was blocked when
he tried for the Jaw. Dan kept going, but
was unable to land a punch until later
In the round, when he reached the body
with a light right. A left hook on the
eye broug-ht blood and sent Creedon on
hi* back, but he majiaged to get to his
feet and etay the round.
McCoy did not seem inclined to rush
matters In the fourth, and Dan finally
cornered him and swung a hard left to
the body. McCoy returned a left hook to
Dan's Injured eye and backed awi'- wjen
Dan rushed- Creedon was very tired at
the bell.
McCoy opened the fifth with a left to
the body, but Dan blocked his right swing
and returned a vicious ewin^ for the
McCOY EASILY
HOCKS OUT
DAN CREEDON
Round.
Gives the Australian His
Quietus in the Sixth
head, which McCoy ducked. The "Kid"
then swung his left, but was wild, and
was laughed at by the crowd. Dan swung
a good left to the head and the "Kid"
countered with his right to the body and
repeated the blow when Dan crowded in.
McCoy came to him for the sixth with
the evident intention of finishing it, and
jabbed his left to the face, followed by
his right to the head. He then forced
Dan around the ring, but Dan sent him
away with a right swing to the neck.
McCoy was right back with a right to
the body and then hooked his left to the
Jaw, sending Dan to the floor. Creedon's
seconds, seeing he was defeated, threw
up the pponge and McCoy was declared
the -winner.
GOLF LINKS FOB, SAUSALITO.
llcw Club Given the Use of Ground
at Fort Baker.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAUSALJTO, May lS.-Eausallto will
shortly have golf links of her own. For
some time the "hill" has felt the need of
keeping In line with other resorts and
having a epace of country Bd aside on
which to swat the brassle and swine tha
General Shafter has donated to the pro
jectors of the club the use of th« reserva
tion at Fort Baker and experts have al
ready been over the ground with an eye
to future tees and putting grreens. In or
der that transportation may be mad©
a» easily as possible a 30-foot road will
take the place of the circuitous route now
leading from town to the reservation and
100 prisoners from the military prison of
Alcatraz will be set to work at once on
the driveway. The chief projectors of the
proposed club are Starr Keeler and Colo
nel T. W. Draper and the entire "hill"
population heartily Indorse them in their
efforts to provide the sportsmen of Sausa
lito with a ground on which to play the
Scottish game.
Four Clean Scores Made.
ST. LOUIS. May 18.— The Republic cup,
an event of a guaranteed value of- $1000
and with a Bolld silver cup added by tho
St. Louis Republic, was contested for at
Dupont Park to-day. Forty-one marks
men participated. The chilly weather
seemed to enliven and Invigorate the
birds. Only four clean scores were made,
Parmalee of Omaha, Denning of St. Louis.
Weston of Kans.is City ar.d Holmes of
Kansas City killing twenty-five birds
straight. To-morrow all ties in the Sports
man's Review cup and in the Republic
trophy will be shot off.
Diggs Racers at Hornet
Special Dltpatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, May 18.— Irvln Dipga
brought his string of racers home fr^>rr:
Oakland Thursday and turned them out
on alfalfa. The string consists of LllHe
Diggs, Ollnthus, Galen Brown and Wyo
ming,
•'Healer" Truth Indicted.
BOSTON, May IS. — Francis Truth, who
advertised himself as a "divine healer,"
was Indicted by the United States Grand
Jury to-day on seven bills o* twenty
counts for alleged fraudulent use of the
malls.
CHICAGO, May 18.— Rainy, track heavy
at Lakeside to-day. Results:
8ix furlongs— Emma. R won. Daisy O second.
Orlandine third. Time. 1:18%.
1 Five furlongs— Ben Magen won, Battus sec
ond, Light Ball third. Time, l:04'i.'
• One - mile : and seventy . yards— Myth won.
Prince Blazes second, Moroni third. Time,
l:4»%.
Four . furlongs — Kid Hampton won, Ericsell
second,' The Bronze Demon third. Time, :KH.
Mile and twenty yards— Tyrba won. Obsidian
second. Martha Fox third. Time, 1:49%.
Mile and twenty yards— Thomas Carey ¦ won,
"Wood trice second, ' 1a Frlncessa third. Time,
1:4814. . . ' . - . , ¦
ST. '.LOUIS, May 18.— Favorites were
bowled over, in all the events at the Fair
Grounds to-day. Results:
Five furlongs— Queen ' Dlxon won. Sculptress
second. Gale Todd third. Time, 1:03.
Belling, mile and twenty yards— Connie Lea
won," Ransom second, Ramlro II third. Time,
1:45%.
Selling, six furlongs— Easter Card won, Wln
nebejour second, Harrle Floyd third. Time,
i:ir>U. ¦ .- .
Mound City stakes, value $1500. ; selling, six
and a. half - furlomrs— Loving Cup won, Trla
ditza second, Found third. Time, 1:22%.
Five and a half furlongs— The Conqueror won.
Tulla Fonso second, -Dave Waldo third. Time,
Selling, six furlongs — Morris Vollmer won.
Theory, oecond, The Light third. Time, 1:1«.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 18.— The Ju
venile stakes for two-year-olds to-day
dwindled to a three-horse race, but fur
nished one of the prettiest contests of the
meeting. Farmer Bennett, Queen Carni
val and Menace finished as named, all
lapped on one another, and all driving to
the limit. Burns had to do his hardest
riding to land Farmer Bennett winner by
a neck. Bklllman and Farmer Bennett
were the only winning favorites. Results.
Four and a. half furlongs— Longfellow won.
The Butcher second, Bean third. Time. :E5H.
Seven furlongs, selllnc— Isablnda won. Honey
wood second. Nettle Regent third. Time 1:27.
Six furlongs— Foneda won, Charlie O'Brien
second, Acushla. third. Time, 1:13%.
Five furlongs, the Juvenile stakes — Farmer
Bennett won, Queen Carnival second. Menace
third. Time. l:02Vi.
. Mile. •elllnK— Skillman won. Semper Eadem
second, Eltholln third. Time, 1:41%.
Six furlongs, selling — Maydlne won, Teucer
second, Gibraltar third. Time, 1:13 J4.
Burns' Ride Gives the Juve
nile Stakes to Farmer
Bennett.
YOUNGSTERS IN
CLOSE FINISH
AI LOUISVILLE
Death Was Accidental.
An autopsy wdp performed yesterday on
the remains of Mrs. Richardson, wife of
Acting Assistant Surgeon Richardson, by
Dr. T. B. W. Leland. The result showed
that deceased came to her death by chlo
roform poisoning. An inquest will be held
later. Nothing new has developed in the
case. It is the opinion of every one that
death was accidental and that an over
dose ot the drug was taken to produce
sleep. The remains will be interred at the
Presidio Cemetery to-morrow.
White. C. R. Winslow. H. M. Whitely.
Policeman Dinan served the warrant of
arrest upon Mrs. Craven at 11 o'clock last
nit;ht at her apartments in the Norman
die, 426 Eddy street. The arrest was an
ticipated. Attorney Ruef being with Mrs.
Craven and provided with $5(KK) in gold as
bail. The accused woman was permitted
to stay In her rooms, as the following
certificate v.as furnished by her physi
cian. Dr. C. A. Clinton:
This is to certify that Mfs. Craven-Fair Is
puJI>rlns from sever* ncrvou* prostration. I
have ordered her to bed. She Is unable on
account of her condition to leave her apart
ments to-nizht. DR.' C. A. CLINTON*.
Judge Bahrs . accepted cash bail at
midnight and made the following order
to Chief of Police Sullivan:
Havinjj accepted SCOOO In lieu of ball bond
In th» sum of $10,000 you will release paid de
fendant. Mrs. Craven, from custody until fur
ther order of Superior Court.
JUDGE BAHRS. Presiding Judu 1 ?.
On the City Prison register the entry of
arrest is for "Mrs. Nettie R. Craven."
The warrants for the arrest of Simpton
and Sylva will be served to-day.
EYLVA DEFIES JUSTICE,
SAl'SALITO. May 18.— The different
manner in which the news cf their In
dictments for perjury »by the San Fran
cisco Grand Jury was received by Adolph
Sylva and Justice of the Peace Simpton
of Craven-Fair notoriety, both residents
of this place, shows the wide difference
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, Accused of Perjury.
¦which exists between the characters of
the maker of affidavits and of the po
litical boss. About the middle of the af
ternoon Adolph Sylva was notified by his
friend Joe Harvey of the fact that war
rants had been issued for himself and
Simpton on the charge of perjury. Judg
ing from his demeanor. Adolph Sylva was
unaffected by the news. It was not so
with SImpton. He was visibly perturb
ed, and the thought of prison bars star-
Ing him In the face as the possible result
of his actions in thf celebrated case
caused him to chew his cigar nervously
and return Incoherent answers to ques
tions. When seen to-night Sylva profess
ed to tr^at the whole matter as a joke.
"SImpton and I will go to the city to
morrow morning," he stated, "and give
ourselves up."
When asked about the $10,000 bond Sylva
said he would put up c-ash bail himself,
ns Joe Harvey would furnish the coin.
Sylva laughs aloud at the Indictment, and
the defiance which has marked his man
ner throughout the case becomes even
more pronounced than usual when he re
fers to the Grand Jury, and snapping his
lingers in his characteristic manner chal
lenges justice to do her worst. Up to to
night the warrants had not been served.
— , ?
FAIH CASE STTBmTTED.
Argument in the Craven-Fair case was
ended last evening before Judge Troutt
when Attorney Lafayette Pence closed for
the alleged widow. William M. Pierson
made the closing argument for the Fair
heirs in the forenoon. He gave a little of
Emil Burcard Cut in the Abdomen
and Two Brothers Are Under
Arrest.
During a fight at Griffith's saloon, 427
Broadway, at midnight. Emll Burcard,
an employe of the American Biscuit Com
pany, was stabhed In the abdomen, prob
ably with fatal result. Angelo Capltelli
and Alphonso Capitelli, brothers, were ar
rested.
Burcard made a statement at the Har
bor Receiving Hospital, saying he was
drunk and asleep outside the saloon. The
accused men struck him, and a fight fol
lowed. He was not sure which man
stabbed him, but the police found a
pocket-knife covered with blood In Angelo
Capitelll's pocket.
After the fight Burcard and the Capl
tellls, pursuing him, ran to a house at 19
Ohio street, where Special Policeman Gil
len and Patrolman McShane broke in and
found them. Burcard is unmarried, and
lives above the saloon where the fight oc
curred. The men under arrest are iron
founders.
SALOON ROW ENDS IN
A SERIOUS STABBING
1KDICTMEXTS were returned yester
day by the Grand Jury against Mrs.
Nettle R. Craven for perjury. O. W.
SImpton for jjerjury and Adolph Sylva
•for subornation of perjury. Judge George
IL Bahrs fixed ball at $10,000 in each case
and ordered bench warrants to Issue
'forthwith for the arrest of the accused.
! The charges jtre the direct result of the
'Grand Jury's Investigation of Mrs.
[Craven's claim that she was married to
¦ Senator James G. Fair by SImpton, a
'Justice of the Peace at Sausalito, in July
¦ or August. ISA. She is accused of giving
"false testimony before the Grand Jury
jin 6 wearing that such a marriage ever
t(x>k place. Sirnpton is charged with hav
¦ing sworn false-iy to an affidavit in which
fhe made oath to the alleged facts of the
|£ausaJito marriage of the, Senator and
;th« school teacher. Sylva. the picturesque
.friend of Poolscller Joe Harvey, is called
(to answer upon the accusation that he
!lnduced Justice Simpton to make the al
'leged perjured affidavit, knowing that the
: sta.tements of Simpion were untrtie. The
•Indictments were drawn several days ago,
jas appeared from the dry ink In which
;they were written. They were read yes
iterday afternoon to the bare quorum of
igrand jurors present. The date of pres
entation was inserted only a few minutes
before the return was made to the pre
siding Judge. District Attorney Bylng
ton's only request to the court was that
:bail be rixod at $c'«X) in each case, but
Judge Bahrs overruled the suggestion by
doubling the amount.
The co«nt against Mrs. Craven was em
*bodied in half a dozen closely handwritten
pages of foolscap. The document brimmed
over with all Mjrt? cf legal verbiage, the
pist of which team to say that Mrs. Craven
j-erjured herself before ths Grand Jury on
March 7, when she was under Investiga
tion.
This investigation followed on the heels
of confessions made by Sirnpton ar.d
Sylva that the etory the Justice had told
of the Sausaiito marriace wa.s false and
that he never performed such a ceremony
as both Mrs. Craven and himself had
Eworn was celebrated.
The indictment runs over the history of
Mrs. Craven's present contest to secure
a family allowance from the Fair estate
and recite? that the Grand Jury had
called her before it as a witness under
inquiry concerning a charge that she had
perjured herself before Judge Troutt in
ewearirig that the Sausalito marriage was
a. fact. The gist of Mrs. Craven's tesu
rnor.y before the Grand Jury is presented,
being the same as she gave in court. Then
ehe is charged directly with the knowl
edge that her evidence was untrue and
that Jn fact she was not married to Sen
ator Fair on that occasion or at any other
time by Justice Simpton.
The particular affidavit involving Simp
ten was rr.ade on August 12 last year be
fore Notary Harry J. Lask in the office
of XV. \V. Foote. one of Mrs. Craven's
counsel. The indictments cover in- the
criminal court jurisdiction the chief feat
tire of Mrs. Craven's attack in the Pro
bate Court to secure recognition as Sen
ator Fair's wife. They hinge entirely
upon the Incidents surrounding the Sau-
Biiilto marrlape. so called.
Although "Mrs. Craven" Is the person
accused in the indictment, her name ap
pears in the list of witnesses examined
T)y the Grand Jury as "Mrs. Nettle R,
Fair." The other witnesses were W. W.
Foote. J. J. Lermen.. G. W. Simpton,
Adolph Sylva. George A. Knight. Joseph
Harvev. Charles L. Fair. I»uls F. Dir
n:*nd. Lafe Pence. Thomas P. Boyd. Mrs.
jt;izabeth R.. Roy, John Falconer, Charles
K. Clark. Mrs. E. I. Foster. Henry
Koehler Jr.. D. M. Delmas. Wells Drury
ar.d S. C. Der.?on.
The explanation of Sylva has been that
the SImpton affidavit was procured in or
der that Mr?. Craven might be entrapped,
and as Foon as she had committed herself
to the Sausalito marriage exposure of the
plot was to be made. The programme
¦was followed la that a contradictory
sworn statement was filed by Simpion.
who ma<!e an alleged admission that the
original storv was false.
The following grand jurors presented
the indictment!*: J. W. Cnrmany, V.. R.
Ttock. L. Attached. J. II. Bremer, H. J.
Burns. P. D. Code. H. P. Flint. P. F.
Kingston, C. F. Lurmar.n, A. J. Van der
his time to George Crothers, who opened
the day's argument, his remarks dealing
with the handwriting exhibits and the
testimony given by the experts. Mr.
Crothers has paid especial attention to
this feature of the case. He said there
•were many erasures and breaks in the
alleged signature of Fair attached to the
marriage contract, while in the acknowl
edged- signatures of the. dead millionaire
there -were no erusures and no breaks,
saved those caused by the skipping of the
pen.
Attorney Pierson spared neither- Mrs.
Craven nor her witnesses and referred sar
castically to the list of names of the lat
ter«in Mrs. Craven's alleged memorandum
book as the "roll of honor." During his
argument he said:
"If Mrs. Craven and Fair were mar
ried at Sausalito why does her counsel lay
so much stress on the matter of their as
suming: marital relations? This is all un
necessary if the alleged ceremony across
the bay took place. It appears to me that
her attorneys have abandoned the Sausa
lito wedding.
"The date of a. woman's marrlasre is an
important thlr.p In her memory. That any
woman would forpet that date Is prepos
terous, but this petitioner says she can
not remember that of her Sausalito mar
riage.
"Counsel may denounce SImpton, Sylva
and Dunand. I don't care how bad they
are, but that damnable fact against Mrs.
Craven, the $"0,000 contract in black and
white, is there, undisputed. .¦
"The story of the/ alleged signing of the
contract before Craig, if it were not for Its
revolting perjury, would be the most gro
tesque recital ever hoard In a court of
justice. Senator Fnlr, almost on the pub
lic streets, shouts his secret into the ear
of his deaf notary. I don't think Mrs.
Craven was In Chieauo at the time sh*»
swears she saw Senator Fair at the Grand
Pacific Hotel. I think from all thp testi
mony given that she and Morgan Thomas
lied when they swore to her seeing Fair
there. "It looks strange that at a time
when Chicago was so crowded that people
were sleeping on cots ¦ a public parlor
in a leading hotel should be void of other
occupants for nearly two hours.
"Don't you think that Judge Sullivan
would have remembered the signatures*
on those contracts had th^y borne any?
Mrs. Craven <lrew them with the Intention
of blackmailing Senator Fair. She first
submitted them t<v Judge Sullivan and
then In her room forged to one of them
the name of Fnlr. The genesis and evolu
tion of this forpery are seen in Mrs. Cra
ven's notebook."
Mr. Piersor paid some attention to H.
N. Bryant, the "hobo witness." during
which* he referred to him as an "Infa
mous scoundrel."
"Neither busy detectives, thieves nor
perjurers must infest these courts any
more. It rests with you. Judge Troutt.
or some other Judge in this building to
s<»e to this. That Judge who will do this
thing without fear of the push or pull
or moneyed Influence will have trje respect
and love of the people," were the closing
words of L,.nfe Pence's argument/ He
dwelt not at all on law. but- devoted hlm
pelf to the testimony and 'witnesses, say
ine in part:
"Did you ever see a band of liars who
seemed as proud of their, work as Svlva.
SImpton and Dunand? Governor Budd
talked of their testimony being- that of
three to one as against Mrs. Craven's.
More than one witness Js not needed to
overcome three liar*. One truth will kill
a thousand lies. When Dunn.nd faced a
-writing he had to collapse. The opposi
tion has spent with lavish hands and reck
less extravagance thousands of dollars.
Will this court Indict Mrs. Craven of for
gery despite her honored years on the
testimony of the hired band of perjured
criminals nroduoed here?
"After the perjurers what comes next?
Some guesses of handwriting exnerts.
Their testimony is not worth anything,
as this court knows. Has not the Supreme
Court just held In the Starke case that
the court had eyes and .should use them
when handwriting was In question? Ames
told here at so much per 'tell' of things
none of the rest of us could see. Luckily
the correspondence of Fair produced bv
Mr. T>ermen shows that the dead Senator's
writing Is full of characteristics that
Ames said were entirely absent from it."
INDICTMENTS FOUND BY GRAND
JURY IN CRAVEN-FAIR CASE
FRIEND ADOLPH STLVA,
The Teachers' Institute of San Francis
co will convene in the»Mlsslon High School
on May 23, 24 and 23. Many prominent ed
ucators will gather to discuss topics of In
terest to their craft. The officers include
president; Superintendent R. H. Webster;
secretary, Miss Mary A. Scherer; assist
ant secretaries. Miss Louise^ A. Renwick,
MUs Nellie Armstrong and Miss Helen D.
Conlon. The programme of the general
sessions has been prepared as follows:
Wednesday, May 2», 1900: Morning. 9:30
o'clock— Music, eighth and ninth grades Cle
ment Grammar School, Miss Frances Lewis,
teacher, under the direction of Miss Esteile
Carpenter: opening address. It. H. Webster,
Sup-;rlntendrnt of Scnoore; address, C. W«
Mark, president Board of Education; solo, "The
Bandolero" (Lenlle Stuart), Herbert E. Med
ley: "Some corollaries of the permanent tenure
anJ purposes of a teachers' institute." Elmer
Kllsworth Brown. Ph.D., professor of the the
ory nn<i practice of education. University of
California; male quartet (selected), J. F. Veaco,
W. C. Stadtfeld. B. Somers, William Nielsen;
"I'byslcal Culture and General Care of the
Body," Illustrated by pupils. John D. Hoo\-er.
M. D.. LL..D. : solo (selected). Miss Katherlne
Block: "Local History in the San Francisco
I*ublic SchooN,". Mrs. M. L. O'Neal, princi
pal Lajruna Honda School.
Thursday. May 21: Morning, 9:50 o'clock—
Music, sixth grade. Lincoln Grammar School,
un-ier the direction of Miss A. Farnsworth;
"The Ethical Elements In a Teacher's Influ
ence," Charles K. Brown. D.D., lecturer on
ethics, Leland Stanford Jr. University: solo,
".Sprint:," Miss Estelle Carpenter; "The Essen
tial and the Non-Essential In Teaching," EU
wood P. Cubberly. associate professor of edu
cation. Leland Stanford Jr. University: music,
Philomel Quartet, Miss Millie Flynn, Mrs. Em
ill? I'arent, Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark. Miss Cella
Decker; "The Growth" of the American Uni
versity," David Starr Jordan. Hi.D.. LL.D.,
president Leland Stanford Jr. University: solo,
(a) "Thou Art My AH" Bradsky), <b) "A
Dream" (Bartlett), J. V. Veaco: "Reading and
Expression," F. Oooke Caldwell, president
Caldwell College of Oratory.
Thursday evenlns:: Odd Fellows' Hall, at 8
o'clock— Music, (a) "Image of the Rose" (Relch
ardt). J. F. Veaco and male chorus, (b) "Three
Chafers," male chorus, under direction of W.
C. Stadtfeld; illustrated lecture. "Greece, the
Home of Greek History," Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, LL.D.
Friday. May ZZ: Mornlne, 9:30 o'clock— Music,
sixth and seventh trrades Everett Grammar
School, under the direction of Miss Cora Gal
lasher: "Imitation and Growth of the Indi
vidual," Georxe M. Stratton. Ph.D., assoclute
professor of psychology, actlnp head of depart
ment of philosophy. University of California;
solo. "T!ie Palms" (Faure). Robert Llcyd:
"The Use of -Music In the Public Schools,"
Frederick Burk. principal State Normal School.
Pan Francisco; solo (selected). Mrs. Susie Hert-
Mark; "The Qualifications of the Teacher,"
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. LL.D., president Uni
versity of California. ¦
Superintendent of Schools Webster
'Will Preside and a Number of
Interesting Papers Will
Be Head.
Teachers' Institute Will Con
vene in the Mission
High School.
MANY EDUCATORS
SOON TO GATHER
IN CONVENTION
THE BAiS tfliAl* CISCO CALL, SATUHDAY, MAY 19, 1900.
16 2-G.
cleek.
JUDGE O. W. SIMPTON.
Sausalito Marriage Story
Tangles Mrs. Craven,
Sylva and J ustice Simp
ton With the Law.
5
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
u/r%f\f* *m Were successful at Nome last
Klilluil vear. All others fallrd. In open-
1 " tlon dally. 9 Stevenson St.. a. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
la operation dally. 625 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DREDGINO PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Caps Noma.
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
rravel: ha» Interchangeable parts. W. T.
OARRATT tc CO.. cor. Fremont and Katoma.
D»EDGI^O PUMPS.
Oil Gasoline, Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumpa,
Bnglnes&Bollers. HendyMach.Wks.. «0 Fremont.
TENTS A'VD COVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacture™, bars, teats,
covers. Zl and JZ California at.
VARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifty SIMOXDS.'K Market «t.
E>GINES.
In stock, steam, gas, ganollne: full line: mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. As«n., 20 Fremont.
GOLD SEPAPATPS.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 229 Folsom
st. Oriental Oas Engine Company.
• .SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice sare3 gold: competi-
tion Invited. 1793 lfth «t., corner Guerrero.
PLATE* FOP SAVINO. GOLn.
Scha«zleln & Burrldge. 3 Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATRS.
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
lnjr Works. 652 Mission st.
SILVER-PLATED PLATFS
F. W. BELli, Central Plating Works. SS3 Mis-
sion St., S. F. Phone Jessie 301.
TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers. 33
Beale St.. S. F. ; 34S n. 2tl st.. Loa Angeles. -
~ ~ MEDICINB CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO. , agjg't.
WHISKY.
RITWTBB DVP CHRISTT A WISE Commer-
UUniCtl SIC- C lal Co.. 327-329 Sansome st.
LIQUORS-
WmCFFY BLATZ BEER. Bethesda Water
W III J&L 1 CAHETX & SOX, 41S Sacramento at.
PORTABLB HOUSES. .
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Waahlngton
and 1st sta.. Oakland, or Builders' E^.. S. F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 60 day*
$5 to 18 week: |S to $20 month. Freo baths; hot
and cold water every room: fir* crates la mr*rw
re cm; elevator runs all night.
\ General Arthur and La Feticidad 1 2*c g
S Clear Havana Cigars on special *ale to-dav s
g (Saturday) only . . . » for 23c %
jj New C.ie;ar Department— Rotunda. . :«
I /$**&&$*%> Ganes Wfoi&kv, &m t
$ Pi 11 mil n O7«» M- *
fe ¦=£*"-¦ "k-—- JX i s-fc^riJ-^-i-tBfev A clean-up ? 5 jS
J •rtX^purch.se^ffl Pure J|j6 Jf
J W W» S3& from a New «y©— Rich and f£ %\ J
g York mana- mellow, one of the / 5SSfc ' •*
5 • factnrer of a best* known and % t£t//itttr , >r
£ ;. large number of Men's Conpo Walk- most Donnlar V/ii , .%
6 ing Sticks,Prmce of Wales handles. £ an L full qnar H^@^ E I '?
g . all handsomely trimmed and with ? r *?i * %—•-««'• / %
g !. sterling ?i ver banda a3 well. DOttles for which *.ZZZZZZ ' "*
If ; They are the kind most in demand, our regular low ~y=r \
g ; Sire worth 50c and $1.00 each, on pr j C e 13 $1-15, 5
I ' o5fv m !.. 8 . ale . Satllrda7 27c special Saturday %
it Third Section— Right of Entrance. only .' S3C %
& #
I Men's Santpie Shoes, I
$ ' This Is the Last Day of This Offering. |
5 We purcha-H the entire line of Men's Sample Shoes from Buck- '}
*•* >gggg=- "1 ingham & Hecht, the manufacturers and whole- 5«
*>» " XV\ sa ' ers > a^ a liberal reduction from manufacturers' *5
% W e M V prices— Calf, Tan Calf, Box Calf, Vici Kid and %
Jf J| \\\ Kangaroo; Lace and' Congress styles; alt 3*
$ f/ t i? \*^-^* style3 toes and tips; Goodyear welt, sewed 5
*. /fj^sw V^SS ?ole5?> Shoes that retaiI regularly for $3.00. 5
K B'^-n. fli 3 - 50 ' H50and $5.00 per pair. No two Si
i Nfc. X? 3j^v pairs aJike ' y* have ra arked I?
tc V^"".^*^ •Jr'""'^'^ them for s P ec5al Rale for three *$
5r >^ *-***^_ a^ ->, da y 3 ' ans * this is the Si
g 7^ last day, all at the tmi- :5
K form price per ££*¦£> JfiLEZ. "?
jj pair *p4£m s fr4& 'n
g The si{es are 7, 74 and 8. S
*• # — *•
x This Sale Positively Ends To-Night. I
Jjj Any Man's $15 MO Suit for J
fc £S2mOO— Your unreserved choice of j*s-v D?3J TTTJ* 1*
any $15.00 suit in the department 'and »O IT™ *rTsL 5
fl there are hundreds of them 1 , at ono- <[*J t*7 &f '5
k* fifth Oif the rejnilar nice. Single or JfcX x5C^v "*
» doable-breasted Sacks, Cutaway Froctei /N "5
and Prince Alberts, made in the v^ry best / J f<i/} )» (\ J€
** manner of. serges, worsteia and cheviots, / J * J g\ [•/I I \ •**
J» in the newest pattarns and effects — suits / /Cv_. • T[N" '*//*!« ' fr I "«
X having the fit, finish and general appear- • J ~ 'vi^_ ' \ y %
8T ance of made-to-order garments ; all pizss, > ~l3 * | ~~j t \^ 5x
?» regulars, stouts and Ion? : onr except'on- J /\^ *2
j^ allv good $15 value* ; tfhKfi £?% r flf\ y i'W /v\ "5
«? vnil! closing £&M2Z V \\ *
*C timo to-niaht r \ LL 1 l i V X
J- Men's $4>GO Pants, $2.29- . TTT\\ \\ X
X We hav«> about 100 pairs of stylish silk- I \\1 \ .«
mixed Gaasimere Pant*, sizes 34 to 42 I \\l ' \\ 5
jtf Vaist3 ; well made, perfect-fittinc gar- f vlj \\ £
|f ments. good enough for drea* ; admirable t <^*^**' |! \ Si
J to brighten up your business coat and \ J^^^- | U °3
a,* vest ; on special ?a'e until closing lU^Ki ""•
j: timo to-night, P" 9 9O Jt*^ X
J Second Aisle— Right of Entrance. «J
\ if You Need a Boy's I
I Suit Buy To -Day* %
S For this day only, the big store offers to make a deduction of one- #
*; quarter from* the price of any boy's $6.00, $7.50 or $10.C0 •£
jj* ' 2 -piece & uit in our Clothing Department. The3e suits were 3*
J£ v made by the be3t manufacturers, of finest imported and domestic #
«f Fancy Cheviots, Worsteds and Ca3simeres, in new. bright and at- «^
$ tractive patterns. All of them this season's goods. Saturday x
g only, $6.00 suits for $4,50; $7.50 Suits for $5,62; $10-00 '?
I Suits for $7,50, -5
S Second Aisle— Right of Entrance. V
}£ • }t
$ a: HP> -r,^, ««. Sato, : 5
£ 7SJU, CAUFORNIAS LAROEST-AMERICA-S GRANDEST STORE. ***•**/• -^
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
Good reason for smiling
•when you have the suprcrnft
satisfaction of putting- on a collar or shirt
done up at the United States Laundry,
with a color and finish on it to suit ths
most fastidious, and no rough edges or
torn buttonholes to annoy you. A man I*
in luck to be able to have bis linen kept
In such perfect condition as we keep it in
when laundered at tbe United States
Laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Xear Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice-409 12th Street.
PqIqPO The «° v ere<3 passage-
X CLICLKjXS way connecting these
two Immense etruc-
"""""¦"""-¦""¦¦¦""" tures places under
i one management ltuO
$)TMi rooms. 900 of which
******* have baths attached.
' Tourists and travel-
er* from every section
f* **m «« A ot tho w or'd recornize
Lir3.nCl an<1 appreciate the
****** comforts and conveni-
— — — — _ er.ces oCered by theaa
__ hotel'.
ujA'fniC 1 American plan. Ea-
ilUlClb ropean plan.
tBA**diu£% tv ¦tili^TTMTTfnfri.fc *r&O
¦Vl'w Jj Kb &rH »5a w9 D JT^9 Si• He Tries to Make It Up.
<r Won't you 'low me to escoht yo' home.
Miss Black? I t'ink yo' amm too- good a
chu'eh membah to keep up a quarrel."
She — Huh! I doan* t'ink yo' am much
ob a chu'c membah. I done sor yo"
sleepln* t'roo de- sermon.
He— Wa-al, I was dreamln' ob yo'.—
Puck.
Cleveland Leader.
It is clear that the billboard nuisance
will have to be abated In Cleveland. Signs
have been put up In places where they are
nothing loss than the disfigurement of val
uable public pleasure grounds and an ln
jurv to public property.
Pending suitable legislation to. stop this
abuse of the freedom permitted in the
erection of signs, it might be a good thing
for the Park Commission to place wooden
or canvas • screens in front of th«> out
rageously big and staring signboards,
fronting the Rockefeller Park drive, near
Superior street, and thus completely end
their usefulness. It would be just punish
ment for the men who have gone beyona
all reasonable limits In forcing their af
fairs upon the attention of pa»ser»-by.
-In the. end there will have to be strict
THE BILLBOARD NUISANCE
Getting Kim "Warmed Up.
An East Indian Prince, on his first visit
to this country, suffered so continuously
from cold that he contracted pneumonia
and died. He was cremated, and. after
being some ten minutes In the crematory,
an attendant opened a small slide In the
side of the furnace to note the result.
The Prince was sitting bolt upright on
the slab and shouted: "Shut that door!"
—Life.
Horses and Poets.
Senator Blackburn of Kentucky and
Colonel Pepper, of whisky-making fame,
•were discussing horses, when Represent
ative Crain of Texas entered. "What are
you talking about?" asked Crain.
"Horses," said Blackburn. "Oh," re
marked Crain. "why don't you talk about
something 'worth while? Why don't you
discuss literature or something to Im
prove your minds? " "Literature?" said
Blackburn: "what kind of literature do
you recommend?" "I like poets." an
swered Crain: "I am particularly fond of
Tennyson and I-iongTellow." "Longfel
low?" Interrupted Colonel Pepper, sud
denly taking an Interest in the conversa
tion; "oh. yes. I know Longfellow. He
was the greatest horse ever bred In Ken
tucky."—Argonaut.
CUSTOM has established the rule that about this
time in the yc.ir of Presidential elections politi
cal experts shall make forecasts of the Novem
ber vote. Generally the calculations are interesting
because the issue is one of doubt. This year there is
hardly any doubt as to the outcome, lput still long
custom has made the people expectant of the usual
predictions, and accordingly they have been forth
coming.
General Grosver.or of Ohio, who forecast the re
sult in 1896 with an accuracy that established his
credit as a political prophet, has recently estimated
that in the coming election McKinley will receive
260 electoral votes, being 36 more than are neces
sary for election. There has also been issued a Bryan
forecast, which claims for Bryan 196 sure votes, con
cedes McKinley 1G8 sure voies, and leaves the rest
doubtful.
The Grosvenor estimate is conservative. It claims
for McKinley California, Connecticut. Illinois, In
d:ar.a. Iowa. Maine. Massachusetts, Michigan, Min
nesota. New Hampshire, New Jersey. New York.
North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania. Rhode
Isiand. South Dakota,' Vermont, Washington, West
Virginia. Wisconsin snd Wyoming. It will be seen
there i? ro rainbow chasing in that estimate. Doubt
ful States iike Maryland. Kentucky. Delaware. Kan
sas and Idaho are put in the Bryan column. Even if
all of their, be lost the Republican party can elect its
candidate with thirty-six votes to spare.
The Bryan forecast, which limits McKinley's sure
votes to 168. does so by putting New York, Indiana,
Ohio and Minnesota in the doubtful column. The
calculator might just as \ve«?l have claimed them for
Bryan. His must be a mind which delights in dubious
things who seriously claims there is any doubt how
Ohio or New Yprlf a- i 1 1 vote on an issue which is
essentially the same as that of 1896.
Senator Lindsay of Kentucky, a stanch Democrat
in his way, is quoted as having said recently: "Any
body can beat Bryan; the people are afraid of him."
That is about as good a judgment upon the situation
as can be given. The election of Bryan would disturb
business, industry and financial affairs in every part
of the country. That much is well known. The peo
ple are now prosperous, and they know that the way
to preserve that prosperity is to maintain in power
the party whose policies established it. So strong is
the popular distrust of Bryan that if there were any
imminent danger of his election even the Southern
States would vote against Tiim. Thousands of Demo
crats will support him only because they do not wish
to abandon their party and they know he is going to
San Francisco is even unique in her footpads. One
of the genial gentry who operate in the dark is ac
cused of stealing postage stamps.
The one notable feature in the Grosvenor estimate
is that it gives McKinley a vote which will awaken
Republicans to the importance of earnest work in the
campaign. For election there will be needed 224
electoral votes, and the estimate is that the Republi
cans will receive thirty-six more than that number.
Now New York alone has thirty-six votes. If that
•State be lost, together with even so small a State as
Wyoming, the victory will be with Brj'an, There is
ro danger of the loss, for the State is not doubtful,
but nevertheless the calculation is of a nature to rouse
Republicans to activity. The margin of majority is
too ftnall for the party to afford to leave anything to
chance.
The Canadian Government has just taken a census
of Yukon territory, and as the count shows a popu
lation of only 16,500, it is evident that a good many
siore of the boomers have managed to escape than
was supposed- 1
.
A female doctor in Chicago has arisen to say that
out of every 1000 mothers in that city 909 are unfit
to bring up children, but fhe neglected to say how
many Chicago children arc fit to bring up.
Vesuvius is furnishing Naples with a show that is
likely to be almost as attractive as that at Paris. In
the way of fireworks, at any rate, it beats anything
at the French capital. Up to' date it hasn't cost
Naples anything, but as it is an extremely sulphur
ous exposition there may be the devil to pay later on.
The Botkin .mystery, which was thick enough be
fore, seems to be curdling into something like clotted
confusion.
Tliere is a report that the New York Democrats
intend to put up a son of General McClcllan as their
candidate for the Vice-Presidency, and 'that will be
about all they will do at the convention. There, is
no further talk of downing Bryan. .
Our local fraternity of footpads, is becoming more
than ever daring. The success of its members in
operating in the darkness of night has emboldened
them to try their luck in the light of day.
ACCORDING to the sixteenth annual report of
the United States Civil Service Commission,
covering the fiscal year ending June 30, 1899,
"while exact figures cannot be given as to the num
ber of positions affected by the order of May 29,
1899, it is estimated that the number of competitive
classified positions at this time is not far from 80,000,
while the number of unclassified positions is approxi
mately 102,000, including positions created and still
existing as a result of the war with Spain." It is
added that of the unclassified positions 71,007 are oc
cupied by fourth class postmasters. The annual ex
penditures for salaries in the executive civil service
for the year ending June 30. 1896. were $99-717,055.
and for the year 1899 they are estimated at $104,000,
000, the increase being due to the war.
The cornmission reports that comparatively little
progress has been made toward the adoption of the
rules provided for making promotions in the classi
fied service. Most promotions continue to be made
from motives of favoritism or from the effects of
outside influence. The commission says: "Promo
tion regulations cannot be put into force as required
under the civil service act and rules without the full
co-operation of the officers in the different branches
of the service, and it is deemed proper to state that
the commission has not met with that co-operation
which is necessary to a fulfillment of the requirements
of the law in this respect."
A feature of the service which perplexes the com
mission and the higher officials is that of getting rid
of Government employes who are too old to rightly
perform their duties. It is said that in the execu
tive departments of the national capital alone there
are 1416. employes who are over 60 years of age and
forty who arc over 80. The presence of these men in
the offices affects the efficiency of the public sen-ice,
and it is felt that some means should be provided for
getting rid of them without in any way inflicting a
wrong upon them or, leaving them dependent in their
old age.
An effort was at one time made to provide for the
retirement of the superannuated employes by estab
lishing a civil service pension rqll. but the movement
was not supported by Congress. It is now suggested
that a system be devised by which a certain percent
age of the salaries of the employes shall be withheld
each month, thus creating a fund by means of "which
THE CIVIL SERVCE REPORT.
The Call do»« not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
• have as communications of general Interest.
Editor The Call: In an article in this
morning's Call, written by Felix Adler
and apparently designed to show the un
reasonableness of the Christian religion,
he says: "The orthodox doctrine of a
redeemer rests upon the assumption that
a man must be perfectly good in order to
be acceptable to his Maker."
Now, if I were to say that the doctrine
of American liberty rests upon the as
sumption that every man should be al
lowed to do just as he pleases, without
any hindrance or restraint from
source whatever, 1 would make myself so
ridiculous that nothing I might write
after that upon liberty would receive even
respectful attention. And yet it would be
as true as the assertion Just quoted of
Professor Adler, which gives the key to
his entire article, in the reading of which
an additional example is seen or the
eirreclous error Into which even as intel
ligent and fair-minded a man aB Dr. Adler
will wander when he attempts to write
upon a subject of which he has no practi
cal or experimental i knowled ( ge. woRTH
May 16, 1900.
FELIX ADLER'S CHRISTIANITY.
A WESTERN JESTER.
Baltimore American. ; -
From out the wild and woolly West,
With many a Joke and many a jest.
There came a man with hope forlorn:
There came a man with hope forlorn,
]5ut jokes and Jests cannot, make votes.
Where men have sense and men make
notes.
He spoke to gatherings large and email,
He told each one, he told theiH'all,
To "Vote for me and I will give
You wealth, that each of you might live
Like lords, and all of you enjoy
Full happiness without alloy.
From town to town. In fevered haste,
He went, his eloquence to waste.
In telling men their only hope
Was in himself— a narrow scope.
In fact, so narrow and so small
It really was not seen at all.
A telescope, 1 think, would be
Essential for our eves to see
The truth (?) es clearly pointed out
(As clear as mud or just about).
But William Jennings Bryan s views
Do not persuade; they 3USt H am v u o e I^ GAN
CAUFORNIAITS IN" xTEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 18.— W. S. Blair of
San Francisco is at the Holland. Leon
Blum of San Francisco is at the Savoy.
T. T. Williams of San Francisco is at the
Imperial.
CLOTH COSTUME
The costume represented Is of dahlia
colored cloth, tailor made. The yoke of
the corsage is Hat and stitched and the
lapels are embroidered in monochrome
silk.
The skirt has a tunic with a wide flat
pleat at each side and embroidered like
the corsage. The waistband Is of black
satin.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
ELECTION SPECULATIONS.
A2TSWEBS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AN OLD BIBLE— -J. P. A.. Placervllle.
Cal. As you have a rare Bible, published
in 1612. you would better offer It to the
librarian of some of the well-known
libraries, who will give you an Idea of Its
value.
LOG MEASUREMENT-H. A. 8.. Orrn.
Cal. In order to be able to answer your
question as to the measurement of red
wood logs It Is requisite to know whether
Is is board measurement or cubic feet that
you desire to know about.
CLAIMED AS ORIGINAL— II. F..
Jamestown. Cal. William J. Bryan claims
as original the phrases "Thou shall not
press down upon the brow of labor this
crown of thorns" and "Thou shalt not
crucify mankind upon a cross of gold."
A POINT IN CASINO— J. T>.. Carters.
Cal. If two are playing casino and A
should play an ace on a deuce and lay
those two on a trey on the table, calling:
out "treys," not "trey," B could not build
on that, nor take it with a six. but would
have to take It with a trey.
A PARTY IN MEXICO— Mrs. J. W.,
City. If you have a relative in El Rosario.
Mexico, from whom you have not heard
for a long time, address a letter of in
quiry to Andrew D. Barlow, United States
Consul General. City of Mexico, who will
take steps to ascertain where such person
is. In writing give all details of informa
tion you have as to where last heard of,
age, nativity and general description.
PREMIUM COINS— F. A, C, City. A
dime of I'll commands a premium of 23
cents, a half dollar of 1S15 commands a
premium of $2 when in perfect condition.
The other coins named in your collec
tion are of the kind that dealers do not
purchase, but by reason of being- all in
perfect condition they are worth morn
than face value to any one who Is mak
ing up a numismatic collection.
CIVIL SERVICE— A Subscriber, City.
Civil service goes back to the days of
the founders of the republic It was their
intention Uiat civil officers should retain
their offices during good behavior. That
was the rule until the days of President
Jefferson, but the spoils system office as
a reward for political services was not
Inaugurated until President Jackson's
time. The present civil service la.w went
Into effect January IS, 1SS3.
SUCCESSION — A Subscriber. Santa
Maria, Santa Barbara County. Cal. If
a man marries and his wife dies, leaving
several children as a result of that mar
riage, then the man marries again and
dies, leaving one child by that union, but
has not made a will, under the laws of
succession of California the widow is en
titled to one-third of the property he may
leave and the rest Is distributed, share
and share alike, to the children by each
marriage. If the widow as executrix does
not perform her duties the parties inter
ested may call the attention of the court
to the matter.
CHILDREN IN ASYLUMS— F. E.. City.
When children are placed in asylums th©
rule Is that they are to remain there until
a certain age. They are not to be re
moved at the will of relatives or those
who may feel an interest In them, unless
It appears to. the managers of the In
stitution that such removal will be for the
benefit and advancement of the child. If
the child has been placed there by a
guardian appointed by a court, and the
guardian does not perform his or her
duty, a party interested would have a
right to bring the matter up before the
court that appointed the guardian and
have any wrong3 righted.
Dr. J. J. Tully of Stockton is stopping
at the Grand.
J. F. Laird, a merchant of Alturas.
is at the Grand.
Collis P. Huntlngton will leave for New
York -within a few days.
Alfred Johnson, a lumber merchant of
Coquille, is at tlie Grand.
J. M. McCormtck. a lawyer of Los An
geles, is at the Occidental.
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani Is expected to
arrive at- the California to-day.
Julius Merzbach of Merzbach & Weiner
will leave for Portland this evening.
C. Tinkham. manager of the Chico
Lumber Company, is stopping at the
Grand.
A party of tourists who have been
traveling over the State registered at the
California yesterday. TTiey are: Mr. and
Mrs. Rlce-Davie.s of England. Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. Charlesworth and L. W. Cu
niff.
John Fouga, deputy clerk of the United
States District Court in this city, return
ed yesterday from a three weeks' vaca
tion in New Orleans, whither he had
gone on a visit to his mother. His health
was very much improved by the outing,
but he prefers the bracing summer winds
of San Francisco.
PERSONAL MENTION.
pany the curious fact that sugar and
sumac are the only two words in Eng
lish where *su" is pronounced as "shu."
There was much Interest shown in tho
discovery, when Rudyard Kipling was
neard from the other end of the table:
But are you <;ulte sure ?"— Argonaut
regulation of the whole signboard busi
ness. It is an injury to private as well as
public property in many cases, and the
streets are disfigured beyond all reason
or excuse. In such matters Amprican3
are too lax, and one of the certain Im
provements of the near future In Ameri
can cities will be the more effective re
striction of the use of private property in
ways injurious to the public.
In such control of individual license
Europe is far ahead of the United States.
bers* theme have made playgoers exceedingly anxious to see
the comedy, apart from their desire to welcome Mr. Drew
The play has been voted a delicious example of pure com
edy writing, and it is healthy in tone, wholesome, clean and
altogether refreshing in atmosphere, while carrying a *torv of
deep Interest The cast and production will be in everv wav
the same as during the New York run. Miss Isabel Irving}
Ida Conquest. Georgl.* Mendum and Messrs. Arthur Byron
Harry Harwood and Frank K. Lamb are included In Mr
Dcew's support. *"•
GREAT interest attaches to the announcement that Jonn
Drew will be seen at the Columbia Theater for the
week beginning Monday. May '21. There will be mati
nees Wednesday and Saturday. In the now famous com
edy of temperament by Haddon Chambers, "The Tyranny of
Tfar.'."
The great success which attended both star and play In
Xew York City during a run of several months at the Empire
Theater and the discussion which was aroused by Mr. Cham-
Mr. John Drew in "The .Tyranny of Tears."
rROM the discussion of the negro problem by
the recent conference at Montgomery good
auguries can be drawn for the future of the two
races in our Southern States. It is true there were
many pessimistic speeches made and some foolish
ones, but the majority were hopeful of a fortunate
solution of all the difficulties in the issue, and.
moreover, much of good advice was given in the way
of devising remedies for existing evils.
Upon the words of the pessimists it is hardly worth
while to dwell. There were speakers who declared
the negro to be rapidly degenerating into barbarism,
that educated negroes born since emancipation have
more criminal tendencies than the former slaves, and
that the only possible salvation of the Southern States
lies in the deportation of the blacks. Against that
creed there was a vigorous protest from the more in
fluential speakers, and it is to their views the atten
tion of the public will be mainly given.
Upon the subject of negro suffrage, which is one
of the more important phases of the general problem
of the relations of the two races, ex-Governor Mac-
Corkle of West Virginia said: "The franchise sys
tem, as it is at present constituted in many of the
States of the South, is, to say the least, practically
the policy of repression. Repression has been tried
at every stage of the world's history, and always with
the same unvarying result, utter and tremendous
failure. It leads nowhere. It raises no man. It de
mands no education. It holds ignorance as dense as
ever. It drives away intelligence. It breeds discon
tent. It represses any rising inspiration of the heart.
It leaves the land at the end of the cycle just as it
found it at the beginning. It is the policy of deadly
inaction overridden by discontent."
'Such words from a Southern statesman addresse-i
to a Southern audience arc cheering. They show that
in the South itself there is a strong sentiment in favor
of maintaining for the negro the privilege of voting
and using that privilege as a means of advancing his
political education. Mr. MacCorkle admitted there
should be some restrictions, but he counseled that
these should be in the nature of educational and tax
paying qualifications imposed on white and black
alike, to the end that all who desired to vote might
acquire the privilege by study and industry.
Hardly less important than the question of suffrage
is that of lynch law. and it is. gratifying to note that
Alexander C. King of Atlanta, who opened the de
bate and made the principal speech on that issue, de
nounced the evil in strong terms and pointed out the
demoralizing effect it has upon the community as a
whole. Summing up the results of the practice he
said: '"Irregular and lawless methods of settlement
grow in favor. As the law is less looked to for pro
tection, men become less careful in their choice of
the offenders of the law, and latterly demoralizing
methods and practices are permitted to obtain in
their section. Can any one wonder that such acts hays
a baleful effect and multiply the very crimes they seek
to repress? Can we wonder that the ignorant believe
only a part of what the intelligent say, and are easily
taught that the innocent negroes are the victims of
prejudice and passion? Do we not see that this
course is simply cultivating crime and laying the
foundations of a far more serious race hatred than
that which was builded on false promises? That we
cannot substitute force for law? And that society is
being sacrificed by the excesses of its own defenders?"
Upon the subject of education it was argued by Dr.
Frissell that if the education of the negro has thus far
been disappointing it is because he has been educated
in the wrong direction. He has heen taught to read
and to despise manual labor without being taught
how to earn a living. Industrial training for both
whites and blacks and the upbuilding of a diversified
industry throughout the South will, in Dr. FrisseH's
estimation, bring about a remedy for all the evils now
complained of. He attributes the crimes of negroes
and the lawless lynching on the part of the whites to
idleness and ignorance. Give .work, wages and a use
ful training to all, and there will be an end to the
race problem.
Such is the counsel which the South has receive 1
from her own leaders at the Montgomery conference.
That it is essentially, wise cannot x be doubted. By
suffrage regulations which arc fair to both races and
which give every citizen an opportunity to share in
political privileges, by the suppression of lynch law.
and by industrial development, the South can find a
solution for most of the evils that now beset her
THE MONTGOMERY CONFERENCE
Of Wharton Barker, whom the middle-of-the-road
Populists have nominated for President, the Boston
Herald says: "He is a gentleman of a reputable
Pennsylvania family, who has gone through life with
various active wheels whirring through his head."
That is, we believe, the first time on record that a
Philadelphia man has had so much activity in his
head that folks' accused him of having wheels in it.
SATURDAY. ...MAY 19, igao
JOHN Dt 5PRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications te W. 6. LEAKE. Manager.
rUMUCATIO.1 OFFICE.. Market and Third. ». F.
TelepfaoBe Mats 18U8*
COITORIAL ROOMS....MT *• 2»* «•»«••¦ St.
Telephone M»«» 1874.
O*J1v»r*« t»r Carrier*. 15 Oi»f« Per. We»lr.
t|n C 1f Copies. 8 On««.
Tens* *T Matt. InclBdlmr Fsataffti A
D/.TLT CAU. <inclcd!n« Sunfiay). •»• rear »«.<*
DAILY CALU (lseludlc* Snadif). • wmtlit I.M
DAll.r CALL (inelufl!n« Bnaflay). * nmathM l.W
DX1LT CALL— Br einjlt U*Bt» «5e
fcUKDAT CALL. On* Year » J - 50
WfcEKLT CAUL Oo« Yew 1<w
All vaitMBMcM are •««»•«*¦•* t* reeciT*
¦ afeaerlatloBS.
¦*M»i* ccptet »K1 »•• *.-.?¦«» r.i»J vb«t rtQUMtaA.
ffalVIiaTirn OFFICE Ill* Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mtragvr Foreign kflertuing. Marquette Buildi.njr, Chicago.
(Lonf DUtun T»let>h»a» "GaaCral Kit."*
' ¦*•« —
KETV YORK. COHlUt*JH3NDKCTl
C C. CARLTON ~ Her»!d Square
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribun* Building
CHICAGO KKWtf tJTANDfl:
rirrrnin Hcviw; P. O. N»ws Co.; Urt»t Nerthtrn Hots'.:
Trttaoct *•.»•.;»»; Auditorium Hotel
SET YORK NEWS STANDS:
W«Jcor»-A»torta Hotel; A. Brmtaim. ji Cnloa Squart;
*£err*y Hill HcttL
WASHINGTON (D- C.) OFFICE..... Wellington Hote
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
BRjOfOI OFFICES— »I7 Montroraery, eornar of Clay, open
uettl *:»!> o'clock. S00 Hayes. op« until »:*> o 1 clock. 6SS
MeAUater. open until »:»0 o'clock. «1S Larkln. open until
»:!» o'clock. 1«1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1CM Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, cpen until S o'clock. NW. cor-
Ber Ttrenty-fecond and Kentucky. op«n until $ o'clock.
THE CANNERS 0ND THE GROWERS, j
THERE is rumor of an issue between the canners
and fruit-growers of this State affecting the
prosperity of the growers through the price
offered for their fruit.
The Call desires to do no injustice to the cauners.
but to promote justice to the growers. The great
canning cempauies have combined and operate as one
organization. This removes competition in the or
chard for the fruit, on the tree or off. It may and
should mean such economies in the canning business
as will amount to a fair profit on the whole pack.
There is a possibility of wholesale purchase of tin
and its manufacture on a large scale, and the whole
sale buying of sugar, eolder, boxing, labels and other
requirements of the business, such as would effect a
very large saving. The operation of the business from
a common center of administration is another
economy of considerable importance, and not to be
overlooked. All of these savings should be look;d
for as the result of combination, and to them the as
sociated canners should look for the most of the profit
and benefit to come from the aggregation of their in
terests. To look further for profit in their power to
force down the price of their raw material below the
cost of production, or so near to the line of cost as
to leave no satisfactory margin to the grower, is a
policy which if entered upon will be regarded by the
public as reprehensible. The risk in the business is
taken by the fruit-grower. He is exposed to drought
and flood, to frost and north wind. The moths,
worms, flics and scales, the fungus and the very birds
of the air and beasts of the field, attack his trees and
vines. He must irrigate or drain, smudge against
frost, plow and prune, spray and dig, thin and pick, to j
get his. crop. It is perishable and must pass promptly |
from the tree to the can. He can't hold it for a mar
ket, nor carry it over to another year. It falls soon
an^l is worthless. The canner runs no risk. He
knows the pack of last season still in sight, and he
knows the world's average consumption and judges
how much must be packed to supply it. This carries
a fair knowledge of the prospective price at which
the market will take the pack. His business is a fair
certainty from start to finish. Its risk is small, and
its profit is fairly estimable before a can is made and
filled.
It is against business morality that the grower who
takes all the risk shall be deprived of profit. He has
but few and inefficient means to protect himself. The
market cannot take his fresh fruit in such quantities
as to materially affect the canning supply. True, he
can dry it, but that process is subject to more of risk
and accident.
Fruit is the glory and the gain of California, and
when its producer is unfairly treated the State is a
loser.
The canners are business men, astute and trained.
The grower has had but little time spared from the
toil of production to study commerce in his product
or digest business methods in passing it to the con
sumer. He is wise in the ways of production only.
If it be true that the canners. are leagued to seek
an improper profit in the defenseless and unfortunate
condition of the growers, the situation will not last
more than one season. If the time be too short now
for the growers in each district to organize and do
their own canning{,it will be clone next year, and we
admonish the canners that the capital will not be
tacking to enable them to do so.
This State cannot permit the fruit-growers to be
despoiled. They arc the land-owners, taxpayers and
consumers, the solid foundation of the State's pros
perity. Without them and their patient and enter
prising industry there would be no canners nor can
neries, no pack to put up and none to export. The
time has gone by when a State can permit the destruc
tion of a leading industry by the avarice of any com
bination. Capital itself understands this, and the at
tempt to squeeze the growers by the canners will
bring capital to the rescue of the men who take all
the risk of the business and without whom an annual
product worth over twenty millions will be destroyed.
All this is said not to aid in spreading the rumor
of the policy intended by the canners, but to discuss
what may come if that rumor be true. We do not
affirm that such a policy is entertained, but if it be it
would better be abandoned before it is, put into action.
The story of our triumphal arms in the Philippines
has adorned many a tale, but romance pales into
matter of fact when we think of Major Forbes
stretching his avenging hands across the Pacific
Ocean from Vancouver and laying low in the far
away Philippine fields of battle the followers of
Aguinaldo.
those who become inefficient through age may be re
tired from service and a reasonable amount be paid
them, monthly for their support. Inadvocatingtheplan
the commission says: "While under the civil service
act and rules inefficiency is considered a just cause
for dismissal, appointing officers naturally hesitate to
dismiss old employes>vho have become incapacitated
after rendering long, faithfuland efficient service, but
it would seen* that some provision ourIu to be made
so that the work of the Government may not be em
barrassed by their retention."
For itself the commission asks for an increased
office force, the right to employ expert examiners
and to have control of them, a supply of standard
textbooks and works of reference which are needed
because the commission is. now called upon to hold
more than 200 different kinds of special and technical
examinations, more ample office accommodations at
Washington, and an increased appropriation for trav
eling expenses. The reasons given for these requests
are good. If we are to have a Civil Service Com
mission we ought to furnish it with the means re
quired to perform its work to the best advantage.
JOHN DREW, THE SOCIETY
ACTOR, IN FAMOUS COMEDY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; MAY 19, 1900.
Kipling Gave the Speaker a Point.
At a dlpner In Rotttngdean lately a
Royal Academician stated to the com-
6
New peanut crisps at Townsend'a. ''"-¦/*']'
Splendid Alacumaat Townsend's. •
Roman Caramels at Townsend'a. ?¦>•"'¦
Cream wafers, assorted. Townsend's. •
Molasses buttercups at Townsend'g. • *
Cxtra fine cream caramels. Townsenfl's.*
Townsend'a California glace fruits 50c
a pound. In fire-etched boxes or Japanese
baskets. 639 Market at.. Palace Hotel. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street Telephone Main 1042. *
. The Better Thing.
The Parson — I fink lt'd be moan 'pro-
prlate ef yo' 'tend church on Sunday 'stld
of pwlne shootln*.
The Reprobate— Wai. pahson. de ahoot-
ln" lft dts hyah nelshVhood am bettah dan
de ' suhmons.— Puck.
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters possesses an
•xqulslte flavor and is a iure prev*ntlve for all
diseases of the digestive organs.
¦ m ¦
When the hair la thin and am.r P&rksr'a Hair
Balsam renews the rrowth and color.
i Hlndercorna. the beat cure for corns. 13 cU.
A royal romance which
links ths names of King
Milan, Count Zolnanyi and his
young American bride 'will ap-
pear in next Sunday's Call.
It is very interesting as the
young couple are soon to visit
California.
Columbia— < *Th* Evil Kye."
Tlv< 11— "Th* Wizard or th» Xll»."
<3rand Op^ra-h-^cj-e— "The Lady Slavey."
Alt-arar— "Maist»r of Wood Barro*-."
California— "An American Citizen."
« >rph<rum— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Kddy »tr*»t!^-SDe<-ialtle».
Chute*. Zoo and Theater — Vaod»vUle ev?ry afternoon and
erentne.
Fischer's Cnn<-ert House— 'Tauet."
Kapp Company Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
.K-creat'.on Park— Baseball.
Olen Park— Vaudeville, next Sunday.
Sutro Bath*— n-,x>n nights on and after Saturday, May 19.
AUCTION SALES.
Br nisi! Cols n— Tliis day. at 11 o'clock. FVunlture. at SC4
STlFfirn street.
By Chs-«* * Mender.liail— This day. at 10 o'clock. Horses, at
OentervlIW?, A lambda.
Rr S. TVatklnn— Monday. May 81. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth and Harrison streets.
AMUSEMENTS.Demand a New Trial.
A motion for a new trial for L. P. E.
Frey. 8. P. niumer.hpny. Emil Kehrleln,
W. H. Richards and Valentine 11. Kehr
lein. directors of the Twinkling: Star Im
provement Company and proprietors of
the notorious Hotel Nymphia. who were
convicted before Judge Graham on
charpes cf letting apartments for unlaw
ful purposes and sentenced to six months'
Imprisonment in the County Jafl, was ar
rued before Judges Cook. Dunne and
Lawlor in bank yesterday. Samuel M.
Bhortridfie. J. J. Dunne and Attorney Pis
tolosl appeared for the defendants and
the people •v.r-rr- ro presented by John J.
Barrett -end Judgo I»uderback. On be
half of the defendants it was contended
that the warrant was improperly execut
ed and that the jury in their case Improp
erly visit'd the N'ymphia to Inspect the
place. After argument the case was
taken under advisement.
HI Caznpo.
The popular family resort Is drawing
great numbers every Sunday. There Is
swimming, boating and dancing and
many qui«»t nooks for families to picnic
In. The big Uklah makes three round
trins even- Sunday.
NO SHORTAGE FOUND
IN SHEEHAN'S BOOKS
Tormer Tax Collector Will Settle
Small Discrepancy, Which Was
Result of Clerical Errors.
Th<» Investigation Into the records of ex
Tax Collector Sheehan by Tax Collector
Scott's experts has developed the fuct
lhat there Is no shortage apparent or oth
erwise in the accounts of the former of
ficial The errors discovered were purely
clerical. The result shows lhat there Is
but $1T6 46 unaccounted for. Throe months
ago The Call printed a story to the effect
that a number of payments of taxes had
not been stamped es paid on the assess
ment roll. Sh?«han was called upon to
explain and agreed to pay Into the treas
ury any discrepancy that might be found.
At that time he turn«d over to the City
Treasurer the sum of &W) unaccounted for
en The books. The errors arose through
i he n^-gllgence or incompetence of some
cf Sfceehan's deputies. Tax Collector
Scmt states that he will take no action
other than to insist on the payment of
the difference of ?176 tt. which is charged
on the Auditor's books, but not appearing
on the books cf the former Tax Collector.
Sherhan Js now on his way home from
New York and is expected here to-day.
Miss Oarlick in South Africa.
Miss Anna Garllck, the Red Cross nurse
who served with the California regiment
In the Philippines, arrived at Cape Town
on April 3 ami was Immediately sent to
the front. In London Miss Garllck was
received cordially, Princess Christian ex
pressing gratitude for the kindly fore
thought of the British Callfornians In
sending her.
In the Divorce Court.
Anna M. Schrader was granted a di
vorce yesterday from Charles J. Schrader
on the ground of extreme cruelty. Suits
for divorce have been filed by Carnett
Miller apainst Charles H. Miller for de
sertion, Eleanor Wilfred Davles against
Charles Wade Tudor Davles for failure to
provide, and .Tosa L. Kahn against Max
Kahn for desertion.
For Additional Shipping See Page 13.
TFIERE have been few large transac
tions in real estato to record dur
ing the last week. The great pro
ject of the -Produce Exchange for
replacing the Merchants' Exchange build
ing with a larger and splendid building
has progressed! There is still some work
to be done in the way of securing slgna
j tures to the ngTrement to Join the larger
association to be formed by the mer
chants, and little will be done In that di
rection until the committee to appraise
the property has made a report. This
may be some days hence. Until a price
has been put upon the property there will
be no business proposition to present to
those who are expected to associate
themselves with the present members of
the Produce Kxchange and other owners
of the lot and building in the new enter
prise.
There are rumors of further purchases
for railroad purposes in the section south
of Mission street, and while they are
promptly denied, they are generally be
lieved to have some foundation.
The largest sales since last week have
been consummated by Thomas Magee &
Sons. Mayor I'helan, through the firm
mf-ntioned, has bought DO feet and three
eigrhths of an inch on Market street, run
ning through to Stevenson, a depth of 165
feet, with buildings, for $115,000. This is
known as the Thomas H. B % Hull prop
erty. It is on the south side of Market
street, 100 feet east of Seventh. The im
provements consist of a two-story and a
three-story building, which rent for $313
per montn. The oeneral Barnes resi
j dence has aJso been sold by Magee &
I Sons for the Savings Union for $61,250 to
j William J. Dlngee. The lot, which is a
50-vara. has room on one end for an office
building, with a frontage of 45 feet, which
Mr. LMntjee will erect. The property is on
the souih side of Sutter street, between
L.eavenworth and Jones.
Shainv.ald. Buckbee &. Co. have sold
the following: Southeast corner of Sec
ond Ktref t and Verona place, the property
of Airs. M. A. Kittle, 110:6 feet by 171. to
R. S. Moore, for $12,500; east line of Stan-
I yan street, 50 feet north of Rivoli avenue,
_5 by IV) feet, with dwelling, UV2 Stanyan
street, if or the. llomeseekers' Loan Asso
ciation,' to Arthur 1'. Kickoff, for $2tW0;
north line of Union street, Sj feet west of
Devisadero. TO by 137:6 feet, to K. II.
Pratt, for $61W; north line of Clay street,
192 feot east <>f Devi?adero, 24 by 147:&Vi.
to William Sharp for 16900, the seller be
ing Charks Jo.siyn; William Sharp to
Charles Jo-slyn. south line of (Jreon street,
132 west of Huchanan. 27 by Io7:6, for S20U0.
Scott & Harris report the following
Bales: A. D. Wilson to John Hadley, lut
on the southwest line of Grant alley, 87:6
I feet southeast of Folsom street, 25x50,
price $1100; Walter J. Wayte to James
I Burke, two flats on the east side of Shot-
I well street, 215 feet south of Twenty
first,. 27:S by 122, renting for $50, price
$4600; Wilson L^wellen to Thomas F.
Hagerty, lot on the north side of Lib
erty street, ISO feet east of Dolores, 50x
114. price 12500: Hubert Galey to John
Rourke, two flats on the west 6ide of
Stone street, 6'.i feet south of Jackson :
stieet. 20x00. reining for $20, price $1900;
Sophie Lauterback to William C. Miller,
two flats on the south side of Union
street, li.2 feet east Of Hyde, 25x65 feet,
renting; for $25, price $22uO; George E.
Roswell to Bertha F. Smith, lot on me
west side of First avenue, 325 feet north
of Clement, 25x1-0, price $1250; three lots
on the east side of Twenty-eighth ave
nue, between 1 and J streets, J16O each;
Susan Dassignano to F. A. Robbins Press
Works, six flats on the south side of Fol
som street. 100 feet west of Fremont
street, being the southwest corner of Fol-
street and Grant alley. 25x87:6, rent
ing for about $50, price $5350; estate of
Mary Grant to F. J. Speckhouse, house
and lot on the west side of Fremont
street, 204:9 feet south of Folsom, 24:3x
100 feet, price $4000.
Kaston, Kldridge & Co. will sell at
auction Tuesday. May 29, the following
property: Nos. 1037-39-41-43 Iveavenworth
street, noar California; Xo. 3340 Clay
street, near Walnut; lot on the north
east corner of Bryant and Twenty-sixth
streets; Xos. 112-14 Welch street, near
Fourth; Nos. 5-7 Alice street, near Fol-
Fom; No. 742 Tehama street, near Xinth;
Nos. 21-23 Baker street, near Page; Nos.
1718-lSii Leavenworm street, near Vallejo;
No. 10 Vicksburg street, near Twenty
second; lot on west side of Lyon street,
25 feet north of Geary.
Builders' "contracts have been recorded
as follows:
-F. W. Macfarlane (owner) with F. W. Kern
(contractors. Edward R. Svraln architect — All
¦work on a frame building fronting 91.8 on
I Channel and 2T3 on Fifth; IK475.
! German Evangelical Lutheran, St. Johannes
Congregation (owners), with A. H. Wilhelm
and H. N. 'Westphal (contractors). Martens &
I Coffey architects — For all th» work on a frame
building to be up*d as a church, on the north
line or Twenty-second street, east of Capp,
60 by 120; tU.ono.
E Frtedlander (owner), with Theodore 8.
Heln (contractor). Maxwell G. Bugbee archi
tect — For a two-story frame building (flats) on
the eaft lln<» of Farren avenue, 75 feet south
of Ellis street. 25 by 75; J24H7.
Levi Strauss with W. L» Holman, one paa
ienger elevator, two freight elevators, one
telf-stopplng dumb waiter and two sidewalk
ram elevators, east line of Battery street,
south of Fine; $S080. '
Agnes McMahon with Frank Gallagher — Al
terations to building on southwest corner of
Broadway and Salmon street; $1573.
p J. McVeigh with P. L. llellly— To build
frame dwelling on lota 5 and 6, block 11, Sunny
tide; 12700.
F. H. Wulzen with William Teseler— To build
a three-story building, containing six flats, on
the south line of Twenty-third street, east of
Fair Oaks; 13225.
Emma C. D. Meyer with Carl Schutt (con
tractor—For the carpenter and mill work on
a two-«tory frame building, store and flat, on
the northwest comer of Dolores and Twenty
second Ptreeto; $3900.
The Central Land Company has trans
ferred a large tract of land in Oakland In
the vicinity of Thirty-fourth, Thirty
sixth Went and Market streets to F. A.
Losh for $50,000. tj _
SlcEwen Brothers have received a letter
from the management of the Pioneer
Woolen Mills of Dallas, Or., In reference
to removing the mills to the new townslte
at Point Richmond, the terminus of the
canta Fe road, on the east shore of the
bay in which is the followlm?: "We think
very favorably of the location, provided
we can secure an Inducement, as else
wnere. We are Koin& to build a J75,OK)
nlant Riving employment to 150 hands,
with a pay roll of $35,000 this year. This
will be a valuable addition to any com
munity, and as there is jroine to he con
siderable expense attached to the moving
of the plant we will locate where we can
do best." This letter was sipjned by J.
Carter, secretary and manager -of the
m Sof Getz & Bro. have made the follow
in* sales recently: Four-room cottagre
and lot '25x120 on east line of Seventeenth
avenue. 63:11 feet north of Clement street,
for J900; 20x137 on north line of Point Jx>
bos avenue, 75 feet v.est of Nineteenth
avenue for $700" 25x120. on east line of
Tenth avenue, 125 feet Pouth of K street,
for $650; 25x120 on east line of Tenth ave- ¦
Merchants' Association Furnishes
City Officials With Valuable
Data on This Matter.
The Merchants' Association has sent to
the Supervisors a report of the street
sprinkling experiments made by L. M.
King, superintendent of the association,
together with recommendations as to
how this work should be done when the
city lets the contract. In the first place
the experiments demonstrated that the
sprinkling of streets paved with bitumin
ous rock in the matter of laying the
dust and without making the pavements
slippery for travel was practical. The
secret of success In this line depends
upon the good Judgment of those who
manipulate the sprinkling carts in
placing the right quantity of water
where most needed. Upon the use of
salt water the following appears:
We rave during this experiment used salt
water between the car tracks from. Third to
Fifth streets. The results confirm our previous
experiments in this line, that for basalt blocks
or cobble struts In particular. It Is far su
perior to fresh water for sprinkling purposes,
and it is to be regretted that more mains and
hydrants from which it could be procured are
not located at accessible points.
Upon the matter of the present ordi
nance the report says:
We bee to advise your honorable board that
as a result of our experiment* we believe the
ordinance prohibiting the sprinkling of bitum
inous rock streets should be rescinded.
The association has also drawn up
specifications for the sprinkling contract
and says:
We estimate that 130.000 will be sufficient to
perform this work the first year, and we earn
estly as=k your honorable board to appropriate
this amount for sprinkling In the next tax
levy, and thus not only add to the comfort and
health of our citizens, but relieve San Fran
cisco of one of the reproaches of our visit
ors of being a "windy, dusty city."
The directors of .the association appro
priated $ioix» to make these experiments
and furnish the city officials with a prac
tital object-lesson. The organization will
carry on this work until the city Is
ready to take up and continue the same
permanently.
OBJECT LESSON IN
STREET SPRINKLING
nue. 100 feet south of K street, for J650;
50x120 on east line of Eleventh avenue. 200
fppt north of A street, for $1500; 25x120 on
east line of Nineteenth avenue, 150 feet
north of J street, for $450; 50x100 on south
east line of Lisbon street, 175 feet north
east of Persia avenue, for $575; lots 7 and
tfMn block B. Getz addition to Lakeview,
for $400.
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY.
The Overdue Steamer Ig-nacio Llarescil.
STRIKE OF MEN
AT THE DUNDON
CREOSOTE PLANT
They Walk Out, Claiming
the Bight-Hour Law Is
Violated.
The refusal of their employer* to heed
the eJght-hour law is the cause alleged for
a walk-out of laborers last night at th«
creosoting works of P. J. Dundon at the
foot of Powell street.
The men claim that Dundon, who has
contracts with the Harbor Commissioners
for creosoting piles for wharf construc
tion, has violated the law by compelling
his employes to work eleven hours a day
Instead of eight, refusing to pay them
overtime. '
The contractors assert that the men
have been employed on United States Gov
ernment contracts as well as on State
jobs and that it is upon th© former work
the longer hours are demanded.
Whatever the facts of the controversy
it remains that there- is much dissatisfac
tion among the. workmen. Last week four
were discharged for refusing to work more
than eight hours unless overtime were al
lowed. Last evening at 6 o'clock the new
crew laid down their tools and left the
works.
The contract with the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners requires that all
work done shall be paid for by the con
tractors at the rate of $2 a day of eight
hours for laborers. The wages of all other
employes are also Ret forth. The laborers
are making the fight for theW claimed
rights under this contract. They declare
that Dundon is the only contractor who
is not adhering to the State law.
William Hamilton, residing at 2114 Pow
ell street, is one of the men discharged
last week. He said:
"The men are required to work eleven
hours— that Is. from 7 o'clock until 7
o"clock, with an hour for dinner. And It
doesn't matter whether it Is State work
or United States Government work. If the
contracts for the United States Jobs were
all the men had to go on nothing could be
done, but the State law is plain and the
contracts with the Harbor Board plainly
show what scale shall be paid.
"Myself and three other men were dis
charged because we refused to work more
than eight hours a day, without overtime.
After we were let out we went to Labor
Commissioner Myers and laid the case be
fore him. He said he would Investigate,
but all he ever did was to hear the con
tractors' side. They said that the men
were only compelled to work overtime on
the piling and timbering for the Govern
ment tidal canal work at Alameda.
"When we asked for overtime Dundon
said there were plenty of men willing to
work twelve hours and If we didn't like
the job we could leave. The men do not
like to see one' contractor refusing to
heed the law when all of his competitors
do live up to it. We fully understand
that on the United States Government
contract Dundon can work his men as
many hours as he can induce them to
labor, but on a contract with the State
matters are very different. We have failed
to receive satisfaction from the Labor
Commissioner and the Harbor Commis
sioners have shown no disposition to en
force the terms of the contract, which are
being violated. All the Labor -Commis
sioner did was to subpena Dundon and
his foreman. None of the complaining la
borers got a hearing."
Labor Commissioner '¦ and Harbor
Board Accused of Failure to En
force Contract Schedule for
Time and Pay.
The Mexican Steamer Igna
cio Mariscal Is Overdue
From Mazatlan.
HEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
THE SAN FRAXGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1900.
Th» old collier Alice Blanchard. now the
Mexican steamer Ignacio Mariscal. Is
giving: her new owners some uneasiness.
She !s out eleven days from Mazatlan, and
la some quarters it is feared that her sup
ply of coal is running short and that it
may l>e a week before the vessel gets
here. Then, again. Jt has been blowing
very hard from the north for several Mays
esd the Ipnacio Mariscal's boilers aro in
no condition to drive the hull through a
heavy wind and a head sea.
The Alice LUnnchard was laid up In Oak
land Creek -when the people from Mexico
bou^hf her. The pressure on her boilers
had been cut down to euch a low ebb that
co tirnft could be made with her. so she
¦wes laid up. Her new owners looked her
over, gave an order for new boilers and
Then decided to make one trip to Mexico
while the boilers were being built On
March 24 she accordingly left here for
Manzanlllo and way ports. From the
Line Phe passed through the Golden Gate
until now there has been more or less
trouble. Th« food was bad and the butter
Grove the men out of the cabin. Charles
Judge, one of the crew, quit the vessel at
uuaymas, and at the next port Captain
Daniels threw up his Job and came back
to Ban Fran«:sro. First Officer Bowen is
now m command and is bringing the ship
home.
Philadelphia Back Again.
The cruiser Philadelphia arrived in port
unexpectedly yesterday morning. At the
navy pay office she was not looked for
before the middle of next week, but ehe
made th e run from Pan Juan del Sur in
the rir.e time of twelve days and came to
an anchor off Foisom-street wharf about
fc a_ m. The Philadelphia left here on
March 11 for Central America. Trouble
was brewing between Nicaragua and Cos
ta Rica and fighting was liable to break
cut at any minute. The cruiser was or
dered to the scene of the expected trou
bles and Captain Reiter lost no time in
Setting her there. In a f~w days the
cruiser may go to th<? Navy Yard or she
may be sont to Panama, as a warship is
wanted there o:i account of the lighting
now going on in Colombia.
As Koon as the Philadelphia came to an
anchor the French tri-color was run up
to the fore and a national ealute of twen
ty-one Runs fired. The ech*> of the last
gun had barely died away before Old
<jlory was Hying from the fore of the
French cruiser Prou-t and the national
F-i'.ute fired again. The mail for the Phil
adelphia was tent aboard at 3 a. m.. but
it will not be known until to-day what
will be done with the cruiser.
"Wharf Rats at Work.
The gang of snrak thieves that infests j
the water front got their work in on some j
valuable cargo lying on Union-street
wharf Thursday night. The stuff had
been discharged out of the British ship
Marechai Suchet and among It was a
case of ohinaware. The wharf rats se
cured a boat, and three of them rowed up
to Union-street wharf. Two of them got
up on the wharf and broke open the case
of chlnaware. They had unloaded nearly
half, of It into their boat when Officer
James McGowan caught sight of them, j
lie df scribes them as three boys, ranging |
In ege from 15 to IS years. They paid no i
attention to his order, but began, to row
for dear life. McGowan drew his gun and
fired two shots, but they escaped under
the wharf. The polio-man Jumped quick
ly in'O a Whitehall and gave chase. The
wharf rats were too much for him, how
ever, and made their escape among the
piles along the seawall.
"Water Front Notes.
The schooner Fortuna finished a splen
did run of twenty-four hours from Eu
reka yesterday. She and the steamer
North Fork started together and the
FTcamer only beat the- wir.d-jammer into
port by three hours. The reason for the ]
last run was a northwest wind blowing
sixty miles an hour.
The steamer Nome City had a very suc
cessful trial trip Thursday and will sail
for Nome, via Portland, to-day. She will
take only twelve passengers from here,
but 418 await her on the Columbia River.
Thf- Nome City will run hereafter be
tween Portland and the cold fields.
A fireman on the eteamer Newport,
ramed Chapman, was perhaps fatally
hurt on board yesterday. He was under
the Influence of liquor and stumbling over
a rope Ml. striking the. back of. his head
c.n th? hatch combing. He was hurried to
the Harbor Hospital, where Drs. Thorne
end Starr attended him. "
Th*> revenue cutter McCulloch Is getting
rea<1y for a cruise in Alaskan waters. She
Is now coating and her officers expect to
get away in a few days.
Was Formerly the Alice Blanchard.
Her Boilers in Bad Order and
the Coal Kay Have Run
Short.
7
DiUALL'S MNYlGORAIORWrafSI
Five hundred reward for any P_MJ"M|-I
case we cannot cure. This secret BHi BH
remedy itopi alt loues In . 24 * I - H
hours, cures Emissions, lmpo- HBB ¦¦
tency, Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, IP^ mm
Gleet. FlU. Strictures. Lost UUJ |M1
Manhood and all wasting effects ' f PKI
cf self-xbuse or excesses. Sent bB----c-_H
•ealed. %2 bottle: t bottles, JS; guaranteed 'to
euro any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cat "'AIM
(or sale at 107% Market it.. 6. F. All print*
diseases quickly cured. Bend tor free book.
0» ? 4 ? ? 4 ? ? ? ???»???? ? » ? ? ? ?»
¦?- All wheelmen attention! If +
you would be interested in a 4
? splendidly illustrated article +
upon the Cycleways of Call-
+. fornia do not fall to get next -?-
+ Sunday's Call.
? '+
visit OR. JORDAN'S GRKAri
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
C& lSBimmT ST. bit. 6_j-7t-, S.F.Cal. i
Of The Ijiijti: Anatosnical Museum in the \
j gj s iJt«w v World. We«knef«.e» or »ny contracted §
tfip?P9- «?'«*»« pcnltlw-ly c»r«d by the oldeitT
/g!4| Specialist cu the Coau. E»t 36 you>.
flfgV| 08. -CRDWi-PfilYATE DISEASES 4
f (JjySbH Coamiltatk-m fr-o and ttrletly print- \
I TAW/ « Tn ument )>erion»hy or by Irtter. A M
I tf »H '*••'<»« Curi in every ctto uademken. \
Fff life w f»e for Book. PUlLOHOPBYvt A
V Q 1H HABM1AOK. MAILED FRSB. <Af
n Ip valuable bock for mrnj \
DR. JUBDANAVO., ltttl Market St.,8. F. W
A Pile Cure That Goes to the Root of
the Disease
There are lots of lotions, oils and salves
that will, through their soothing Influ-
ence, relieve temporarily the pain Incident
to piles. But is that all the sufferer re-
quires? Isn't It a horrible thought to
realize that the ease la only temporary,
and that the disease goes on under the
surface without a moment's Interruption?
Wouldn't it be wiser to select a remedy
that seeks the source and regulates those
deep-seated disorders which Induce the
disease? Pyramid Pile Cure not only re-
lieves the pain at once, but effects a per-
manent cure of the worst form of piles.
You don't have to so through a tedious
course of dieting while using It either.
It etrlkes through those delicate- mem-
branes and tissues and sets the blood in
healthful circulation, reducing at once the
painful Inflammation and congested tu-
mors.
This remedy Is not a haphazard com-
bination of drugs, but It Is a remedy In-
vented by specialists who have treated
piles and blood disorders successfully for
years. Almost any flrst-class druggist
has It on sale at 50 cents per packnge.
Don't treat this disease with every lotion
and salve that comes along. Remember
the parts affected are among the most
delicate In the human body. This remedy
Is absolutely safe and no one need fear
to apply It freely on the most Inflamed
parts. The speed with which It allays the
pain Is an agreeable surprise to the suf-
ferer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STRIKES THE SOURCE.
PHONE MAIN BM.
MAT IN Eli TO-DAY.
SAN FRANCISCO INDORSES THE VERDICT
OF LONDON AND NEW YORK.
Ths Greatest Musical Comedy Ever Written.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE'.!
The Lady Slavey
IN PREPARATION— RICE'S "1402."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Beat In Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, MAY 19.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
ALL NEW ! ALL NEW I
EVERY ACT A BIG HIT !
EZRA KENDALL;
C xk^ S F b S oy^ R^nte¥? UI t^ E G mu^c N a°l
KLEISTS; WILL E. BATES; MARK SUL-
LIVAN; BIOGRAPH.
Laat Two Performances of
MILTON AND DOLLIE NOBLES.
COLUMBIAN
SPECIAL SOUVENIR MATINEE! TO-DAY.
Each lady attending; wtll be presented with a
BOo complete piano copy of one of the many
musical hits In "The Evil Eye."
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY-LAST TIMES.
Charles H. Yale's Greatest Spectacle.
"THE EVIL EYE"
PRICES— Night. 25o to Jl. Matinee 25e to 75c.
Next Monday - - JOHN DREW
In "THE TYRANNY OF TEARS."
I Nights— Matinees Wedneeflay and Saturday.
Seat Sale Now Progressing.
NOTE-i-All order* for Monday nltht seats
not taken up by 6 p. m. to-day will be consid-
ered canceled. -
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
E. H. SOTHERN'S
Most Successful Drama,
MAISTER OF
WOOD BARROW!
next week:—
THE BUTTERFLIES.
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
vs.
San? Francisco
TO-DAY AT 3 F.NI.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O f». M.
RECREATION PARK
, EUhth an- Harrison Btrttta.
*T.V_OL!*
TWICE TO-DAT, AT 2 AND S.
LAST ELEVEN PERFORMANCES.
Of th« Enormous Comic Opera Triumph.
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE !
POPULAR PRICES - - - - 25 and M cents
Telephone Bush 9.
May 2Sth, the romantic comic oper*.
"THE THREE GUARDSMEN'."
DON'T I THE
l-^OF* GET I WY/\TINEE
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
And TO-NIGHT, the last time of
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the Nelll Company In
An American Citizen.
Commencing SUNDAY *NIGHT. the NEILLS
In comedy. Arthur W. Plnero'a excru-
ciatingly funny play,
THE AMAZONS!
THREE MERRY GIRLS as THREE JOLLY BDYS,
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
AND
BLADDER FIGHT ON THE LAKE.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
GLEN_PARK.
TO-MORROW! TO-MORROW!
BALLOON ASCENSION
By the world-famed aeronaut. MLLE. ANITA.
Gigantic Vaudeville Show !
EVANS and MAITLAND. DICK MACK. JO-
SEPHINE OFFUT. KELTOX, HIGGINS and
KELTON. and many others.
Ban Mateo or Mission St. Cars Direct.
10 cents— ADMISSION— 10 cents. > ";V>
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
- 112-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
LAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
Prison Scene from "FAUST," Sig. Abnunoff
as Mephistopheles. Last Act "RIGOLETTO."
10c— Admission— 10c Matinee Snnday.
CONCERT HALL— THE CF.KAPP COMPANY
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY NIGHT! EVERY NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest every Wednesday "night.
ADMISSION FREE. ¦
SUTRof BATHS
\A/ ILL OPEN NIGHTS
ON AND AFTER
SATURDAY, May 19, 1900.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1 per Year/
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
OF THE OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE OF THE
National Fire Springfield!
INSURANCE COMPANY INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON- f\ F SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December. VF Massachusetts, on the list day of December
A. D. 1899. and for the year ending on that A. D. 1S35. and for the year endlnr on that
day. a« made to the Insurance Commissioner day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pumuant to the pro- of the State of California, pursuant to the nro-
vlslons of sections 610 and 611 of the Political visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th*
Commissioner. Commissioner. . a
CAPITAL.
CAPITAL- Amount of Capital Stock, paid nj> In
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in Cash tl.SOO.000 CO
Cash 11.000.000 00 .-„-.-.- -
— ASSETS.
Rtal Estata owned by Company SIM. 400 0*
ASSETS. Loans on Bond and Mortgage SIT, SCO 00
Real Estate owned b- Company VT.W « *%£ CO
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 7S8.040 00 Amount of Loans secured by pled** ¦
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ' of Bond.*. Stocks and other market-
Bonds owned by Company _.3<r;,S68 CO ¦•>'• eeeurltle. as collateral 19.53 04
Cash in Banks Z31.SU IS Cash in Company s Office 17.5W 41
Premlumaln duo Cours. of Colleo- %££ gS^- "-^ ¦¦ — " iV I "^ "
tton 43S.477 18 Stocks *nd Loans 30.99J 09
-. » t « . .. .„ ... .. Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Total Assets S4.S41.m 13 and Mortgages 1S.I8S S9
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
LIABILITIES. BUl^rwivabiernor'MatuVed.'Vaken ***'"* °
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $S0,m 9« tor Fire and Marine RUka. rents
P ,7" 9 ° f Ad3U9tment " m u D-Vro^ *&&£&?&£ "* »
li^^redV-^ciudi;-;-;^;^:: n £& « lns " ance on lo "~ " Iready *»'«••• «¦*«*»
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- • Total A?set9 1-4.9Q6.SCT M
nlng one year or less, $1,3:5,733 10; TimiFi-nw
re-lnsurance M per cent 787.878 53 T J LIABILITIES.
Gross premium, on Flr, R.sk. run- }*££ Z&SSSKi "
nlng more than one year. H.93S,- tn Suspense _» 135 »
4S2 93; re-lnsurance pro rata 998,91 47 Losses resisted. Including expenses.. S^SOl 11
AH other demands against th» Com- Gross premiums on Fire RNk* run-
pany '•¦ :** " ' " 7 ' 4W " re-tn«urance 50 per cent «17.«M n
Total LlabiUtle. t2.lW.KIM Gmw P^"^,," "^^S":
• 773 62; re-lnsurance pro rata 859.94S It
lifOVP Commissions and Brokerage due and
„ w ' „ ,7* » t0 -«ome due TJ. 531 S3
Net Cash actually received for Fire ___^
premiums $2,17J.13« M Total Liabilities tl.TtLUi 7»
.Received for Interest on Bonds and TXCOiTE.
R^^r^rS 45 ' wow N pre^r^!! r .^r:^.^.^ti.t M ._ O i4
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from Received fcr Interest on Bonds and
all other sources 142.1JS Jl Mortgages I3.W1 SI
Received for Rents ." 913 11 Received for interest and 'dividends
Pront on sale of Real Estata 1.400 00 ©n Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 141. US H
Total'Incczne .K.869.2SS it Received for Rents 4.597 71
——— ToU j j ncome 11.878. Ut O
EXPENDITURES. EXPENDITURES .
Net amonnt paid for Fire Losses fin- N amount paid for Vir» Lo«*«Mtn-
cludlnx $175,051 22. losses of prevl- eluding J175.961 44. losses of previ-
ous years) $1,3S«.437 43 ous years) ...S1.9M.1W 41
Dividends to Stockholders.. 12»,000 00 Dividends to Stockholders 150,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or - Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 409,438 04 Brokerage S0O.*M M
Paid for Salaries, fees and other Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 190.134 2S charges for officers, clerks, etc... 113.155 15
Paid for State. National and local Paid for State. National and local
taxes 83,03143 taxes 13.354 73
All other payments and expendl- All other payments and expendi-
tures 209.S83 85 tares 118.313 33
Total Expenditures ...$2.MS.M« 89 Total Expenditures .tl.9M.2S5 24
• . , = . -
Losses Incurred during the yr-r.. 1 ... .11.374.8:3 17 Losses Incurred during th« year tl.CO.139 83
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ¦ Net amount of Risks
written during the written during th*
year • |288.«HW $..7*7.174 1$ year 8-U.784.S3S H.193.307 83
Net amount of -Risks Net amount of Risks
expired during the expired during the
year.... 2S2,M0.2«9 J.614.643 01 year..: 1S8.9«9.S15 l.*4 S3 U
Net amount In force Net amount In force
December -1. 1899 341.874.125 ».812.-38 03 December JL 1839 2S2.W6.341 J.S«7.>»5 «
~^ JAMES NICHOLS. President. ~~ A W DAMON. President.
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. ' S. J. HALL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Subscribed and sworn to before m*, this
23d day of January. 1900. 26th day of January, 1900.
FRED B. SEYMOUR, -Notary PuWle. • . p. S. BAILET. Notary Public.
'-' ' ¦ ¦ * -—-----____-_-________
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
4O9 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. \M. DORNIN,
Manager. Assistant JVlana|{«r a
CITY (S. F.) :
H. C, AHPEL'& CO., Agents,
215 SANSOME STREET.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSE-yTENTS.
Nerve force ; vigorous, regular action of the stomach, the liver
and the kidneys; clean, nourishing blood in quick circulation give
to youth health and sturdy growth.
Paine's celery compound is a wholesome and potent medicine
that will strengthen and increase nerve energy, cleanse and enrichen
the life blood of the growing body.
F. L. SKILLIN, 37 BURNSIDE AVE., WEST S0MERVILLE, MASS.,
WRITES : "We always have Paine's Celery Compound in the house and
use it for the children when they are run down or have any kind of
nervous trouble. It builds them up, regulates the bowels, gives an appe-
tite, and makes them strong. I am now giving it to our little boy five years
old, and it is doing him a great deal of good."
STRONG IN NERVE AND MUSCLE
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUNDTopeka.
National Conference of Charities and
Corrections Begins at
TOPEKA, Kan., May IS.— The National
Conference of Charities and Corrections
began a five days' 'session ln the hall of
the House of Representatives here to
night. Governor Stanley, who Is himself
an enthusiastic advocate of prison re
form, delivered the address or welcome.
Responses were made by Rev. S. G.
Smith of St. Paul and Frank B. Sanborn
of Concord, Mass.
President Charles E. Faulkner of Min
neapolis delivered his annual address. He
made a vigorous plea for social reform,
which he said should begin ln the home,
and advocated State care of epileptics
and adult Imbeciles
The programme of the conference in
cludes visits to the leading public in
stitutions of the State. More than 300
delegates arrived to-day and more are
expected to-morrow. Nearly all of the
eleemosynary and penal institutions of
the United States are represented.
Noises in a Care.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 18.— C. T. Neel, a
reliable prospector from the - Slerrlatas
Mountains, arrived in the city yesterday
and tells of the discovery of a remarkable
cave ln the mountains. Neel and a fellow
prospector went Into the cave for a dis
tance of nearly two miles. At this point
they heard noises similar to those made
by miners drilling, which was followed by
v/hat appeared to be blasting. Going on
farther, they came to a drop-oft ln the
cave, from which the noises emanated.
Being unable to proceed farther, they
turned back and came to Tucson, from
which point they will arrange a party and
explore the cave.
Suicide of Oscar Irelan.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
WATSON VILLE, May 18.— Oscar M. Ire-
Ian, who was a native of Indiana, aged
about 52 years, committed suicide at his
farm near Corralitos to-day about noon.
He shot himself through the heart and
death was instantaneous. Irelan lived
most of his life in the city and was the
eldest son of Dr. L. Irelan, one of the
most prominent physicians and citizens
of early days in California. For many
years past > the suicide had. been . ln poor
health and within the last few» weeks
his wife had secured a divorce from him.
Wants Her Alimony.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May "l8.— Mrs. Emilie T.
Spring, who a few months ago obtained
a divorce from her husband, H. ¦ M. N.
Sprlngr to-day through her attorney. V.
A. Scheller, made application to have a
receiver placed in the large clothing store
of Spring & Co., in "order to secure $1760
alimony that has not 1 been paid.. A short
time ago Mrs. Spring bid in the fine
Spring nome at Seventh and San Antonio
streets, on a sale made to secure alimony.
Killed by! a Woman.
WALLACE, Idaho, May 18.— Mrs. Wil
liam Newton shot' and killed a negro last
night while he was' 1 trying to force I his
way Into her house. The negro was a
blind pencil-seller. His name Is unknown.
MEET TO CONSIDER
REFORMS IN PRISONS
REGRETS NOT HAVING
TAKEN MORE LIVES
STOCKTON, May 18.— Thomas Hbrton,
for many years poundmaster of this city,
committed suicide tills morning by shoot
ing himself in the head with a revolver.
Worry over his long suffering from can
cer of the face led to the deed. He was
60 years of age and leaves a wife and
family.
Suicide of an Aged Man.
SANTA CRUZ, May 18.— The case . of
Manuel Amaya, charged, with, murdering
G. T>. Loucks on February 10, went to the
Jury at 3:15 o'clock thi3 afternoon. After
being out two and a half hours'. the Jury
returned a verdict of guilty, with the pen
alty fixed at life imprisonment. While
Judge Smith was charging the Jury the
mother of young Amaya became hysteri
cal and medical aid was summoned.
prisonment.
8peelal Dispatch to The Call.
Jury Fixes the Sentence at Idfe Im-
AMAYA^ CONVICTED.
CAPITOL.A, May 18.— The students' con
ference of tho Young Women's Christian
Association of the Pacific Coast met here
to-day under the direction, of the Ameri
can committee of the Toujig "Women's
Christian Association with a large attend
ance. Addresses* wero delivered by sev
eral of the delegates and to-night Miss
Harriet Taylor, general secretary of the-
American Committee, delivered an inter
esting report. The conference* will con
tinue in session until May 28. *
To-morrow Miss A. M. Hicks of Berke
ley will addresB the body and on the fol
lowing day *Mrs. J. S. Newell, a returned
missionary from China, will relate- some
of her experiences ln that far land. Pro
fessor Nash of the Pacific Theological
Seminary will also speak on Sunday. On
Monday Dr. F. Clampett of Trinity Epis
copal Church of San Francisco will de
liver an address and on the following days
—one each day — addresses- will be. deliv
ered by the following well-known people:
Dr. George C. Adam3 of the First Congre
gational Church, San Francisco; Mr.
Spencer of the First Methodist Church of
Oakland; Dr. Beard of Grace Methodist
Church of San Francisco: Mr. Rider, coast
secretary of the Baptist Missionary
Board; Miss Grace Fisher, Dr. George W.
White of Pomona, and Miss Harriet Tay
lor on May 28. At 11 o'clock each day the
various phases of Christian work will b«
discussed.
Students' Conference of Young
"Women in Session at Capitola.
DISCUSSING CHRISTIAN WORK
"WASHINGTON, May 18.— In response to
the Senate resolution of the 16th the Sec
retary of the Treasury to-day sent to the
Senate a statement from the Commission
er General of Immigration concerning the
Immigration into the United States of
Japanese laborers. From this statement
it appears that 2230 of these laborers ar
rived in 1S98, 3395 in 1899 and for the ten
months ending April 30 of this year 7181,
These figures indicate only those who
have come direct to the United States
from Japan," but do not embrace those
reaching this country via Canada. How
many there ore coming in this way the
dep&rtment does not know, but the Com
missioner expresses the opinion that the
number is large. The opinion is expressed
that there will be large Increases the com
ing year. He states that strict examina
tion is made to prevent the entrance of
laborers under contract. ,
the Secretary of the
Treasury.-
Figures Submitted to the Senate by
INCREASED INFLUX
OF JAPANESE LIKELY
the PTinz Carl.
STOCKHOLM, "May IS.— A dispatch re
ceived here to-day f rom Eskllstavna says
that Philip Nordlund, who was arrested
there, has now fully confessed that he de
liberately planned the crime he commit
ted on board the steamer Prlnz Carl on
Wednesday night, when he murdered sev
en men and wounded live others, a woman
and a boy, after which he escaped In a
boat at Hoping. The fact of his con
fession became known last evening, but
he did not enter into details until to-day.
He says he deliberately planned the
crimes and bought the revolvers with the
express intention of boarding- another
steamer at Orebro, after killing' those on
board, but he changed his mind and
boarded the Prlnz Carl.
The prisoner said that he regretted not
having recognized the policemen who ar
rested him, as otherwise he would have
shot them. ,- He also expressed regret at
the fact that he had not killed every one
on board the Prlnz Carl, emphatically
denied he was insane, and asserted that
he committed" the murders in order to
avenge himself on mankind.
m
Committed Seven Murders on
Confession Made by the Man Who
DENMARK HOLDING OUT
FOR A HIGHER FIGURE
United States May Yet Acquire the
Copenhagen Government's "West
Indian Islands.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May IS.— Not much en
courKgement Is offered to the United
Etates by Denmark for the latter's will
ingness to :<ell the Danish West Indies.
Through Minister Bwenson, the Danish
Government has made it plain to the ad
ministration that it is not willing to sell
the islands to the United States or to any
other power unless a substantial offer is
made. It is evident to the authorities
that, notwithstanding the criticism which
has followed the publication of the news
that negotiations w«'re in progress, the
iJar.isn authorities are still willing to dis
pose or the West Indies i>ossessions. but
do not intend to do so unless they obtain
a very hi»rh price for them. It is ex
pected that th? matter will receive further
cmisi<3enition from the State Department.
Thf-re is no haste necessary from the
officials' point of view, for the reason that
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty will not be
ratified, nor will action be taken on the
canal until the next session of Congress.
A. P. HTXX IS SAFE.
Had Simply Left the Exploring Party
to Take Photographs.
SANTA CRUZ. May IS.— A. P. Hill of
Ean Jose. supjx>s<;d to have been lost in
the I3ig Basin, returned to camp this
TOorninff. He wandered away from the
party to take vi.ws of the big trees by
aid of a certain Itgiit. In order to obtain
it he Ptay«t3 away so long that the mem
bers of the party l*e«arne alarmed. Thero
was gr<-at rr-joicing; wh^n he returned
The party will now continue its explora
tions. y
CONFEDERATE SOLDIERS'
CLAIMS TO BE PAID
First Measure of Its Kind Passed by
the House Since the Civil
WASHINGTON, May 18.-For the first
time since the rebellion the House to-day
parsed a measure to pay Confederate sol
diers for losses growing out of the Civil
War. It was a bill Introduced by Cox of
Tennessee to pay the Confederate soldiers
who surrendered at Appomattox for the
loss of horses and other personal effects
taken from them In violation of Lee's ca
pitulation to Grant, by which the officers
and men of Lee's army were allowed to
retain their baggage and side arms and
hor?es. The bill originally carried $200.
000. but the specific sum was stricken out
and the appropriation was made indefin
ite The bill was passed out of Its order
as a special compliment to Cox, who, after
ten years' service In the House, is to re
tire at the end of his present term. Many
other claim bills were passed.
Holbinbeck Home Damaged.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 18.—The elegant
home of Mrs. B. L. Holbinbeck in Cale
donia Park In this city caught flre about
9:30 last night In the servants' portion
of the houpe and was badly damaged be
fore the flames were controlled. Much
valuable glass and china, as well as sil
ver ware, were destroyed. The loss is
considerable, although Its exact extent
has not been ascertained. The fire -was
caused by the careless handling of an oil
stove.
Singer Company Sued.
LOS ANGELES, May 18.— Herman Cra
mer to-<Jay Hied suit in the Federal court
here asking for $300,000 damages from
the Singer Manufacturing Company, and
alleging infringement of patents.
Claims Kelson's Estate.
WILLOWS, May 18.— H. W. C. Nelson,
a wealthy bachelor, died at Orlane May
3. He left no near relatives, but an estate
valued at $150,000. Previous to his death
deceased had been living with one Har
rison and wife. A son of Harrison now
claims to be Nelson's son, claiming the
estate. Relatives of Nelson will contest.
A big battle is looked for.
Jn? NOTHER Francisco girl ,
fL\ with musical and histrionic tal-
Jl ents has entered successfully
the difficult pathway that leads ,
to renown in the vaudeville field. The
young lady is Miss Marion Tracie, the
daughter of the famous editor of the
Louisville Courier Journal, predecess
or of the famous 'Henry Watterson.
She possesses exceptional abilities of
a varied character, including three
singing voices and the gift of story
telling with all dialects and their ac
cents.
Miss Trade was "tried- out" some
time ago by John Morrisey, manager
of the Orpheum, who took a particular
fancy to her work and predicted a
bright future for the young woman
on the Vaudeville stage. He called at
tention to the fact that there was sel
dom found a woman who could tell a
story well and that Miss Trade was
the exception. As a result of her dis
play of talent at the Orpheum the
youn^ woman has gone to Dawson un
der contract for four months at the
jolly figure of $100 per night.
Miss Tracie's many friends will hear
of her good fortune with genuine
pleasure. She will return to this city
in the fall and doubtless devote her
time to high-class vaudeville. She has
a charming personality and ought to
succeed.
REFORMERS
IN SAN JOSE
CONFIDENT
Monday.
Figure That Edwards Will
Have Votes to Spare
to Herd in Doubtful
Sea Forces Will Not Yield Easily and
Are Working Day and Night '
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
SAN JOSE, May 18.— Interest in the city
election is Increasing, and the acquisition
to the Edwards forces during the past
few days indicate an overwhelming vic
tory for the Citizens' ticket. Systematic
work of the Committee of One Hundred
has .caused hundreds of voters to Join the
reform movement, while no increase can
be figured but in the kraals of Rea and
Mackenzie. Of course the gang is boast
ing of i ho large majorities Martin and the
rest of the ticket will get, but this blus
ter and braggadocio is the usual thing
with the Reaites, who hope by these
means to keep the timid business men
who receive some support from the city in
line
Unless all signs fail Edwards should
win by at least 400 majority. This is ac
counted for thus: In the charter fight
two years ago Martin only defeated
Smith, the Charter dub nominee, by 463
votes. Edwards will get the Smith vote
almost in toto, and added to this will
be the Good Government Club support,
the indorsement of the Pastors' Union
and churches and the Jacksonian Democ
racy, a reform Democratic club. Not only
this, but the Martin administration has
made many enemies. About the Mayor's
first act was to forget his obligations to
Tom Hogan the First Ward politician.
The First Ward has always been *v
stronghold of the Democrats and Martin,
but this ward will give Edwards a ma
jority. The Second and Third wards arc
counted on as sure-things by the Edwards
people. Gang politics will carry in the
Fourth "Ward, but this Is the only certain
ground the gangsters have.
The City Attorney-ship Is being promis
cuously traded by the gang to catch
votes. City Attorney Beasley is to be
turned down if Martin is re-elected. This
place has been promised to W. B. Hardy,
a former District Attorney, and also to
John E. Richards, the lawyer-Journalist.
Beasiey's decisions have displeased tho
administration. On more than one occa
sion he has checked ruthless expenditures
of city cash, and when he refused to sanc
tion a dip into the cash basis fund, which
is accumulating to meet the city's 'ndebt
edness, tho gang foreswore his end. The
Beasley following will evidently res.ent
this prejudgment, and as his following is
strcng the clever young attorney may yet
have the lauga on the administration.
Another lighting force against the pres
ent administration is the Colombetites.
When City Treasurer Ewing's death oc
cuned Mayor Martin named Joseph Co
lombet as his successor. There was a
universal indorsement of this act, but
Martin listened to Rea and Mackenzie
and when the Council objected he with
drew Colombet's name and nominated T.
J. McGeohegan.
Edwards, on the other hand, has no real
enemies. His business associations have
been such that merchants and citizens
generally Indorse him.
The two remaining days of the cam
paign will be lively ones. Monday's vote
promises to be a heavy one. The organi
zation of the Citizens' movement is per
fect, and. as the ticket Is a good one, it is
believed the voters will bury Reaism and
Mackenzielsm under an avalanche of bal
lotn. Victory this time means the com
plete annihilation of the gang and will be
the fitting climax to the defeat adminis
tered at the last county election.
A noteworthy phase of the campaign is
the fact that the city's future is being
carefully weighed by the voters. San Jose
has reached a critical point in its exist
ence. Partisan politics have kept the city
from receiving its full measure of great
ness. With the great and fruitful valley
surrounding it, t^e time has come when
San Jose must expand., electric roads to
various points must be constructed, out-
Blde capital and homeseekers must be at
tracted. The gang domination of city
affairs has prevented this enlargement.
Expensive administration of government
and the way all kinds of ¦enterprises and
franchises have been held up In Council
and Supervisors have worked against the
city A majority of the voters are consid
ering these things, and the progressive
platform of the Citizens' party is looked
upon as the keynote to this new order.
The Citizens' ticket In full Is: Mayor,
H. J. Edwards; Clerk, W. J. Dougherty;
Treasurer. William Fischer; Councilmen—
Second Ward, Byron Millard; Third
Ward, Tobe Lord.
URGES HIS
FOLLOWERS TO
STAND FIRM
Aguinaldo's Warning in Re-'
lation to the Philippine
Commissioners.
MANILA, Slay 18.— A proclamation pur
porting to have been issued by Aguinaldo
and dated May 4, from Polillo Island, one
of the Philippine group, east of Luzon, la
in circulation in Manila. It says the com
mission appointed by President McKinley
was appointed without the authorization
of Congress, and that hence it cannot
treat officially. It urges the Filipinos not
to surrender their rights at the
instigation of the commission and on
promises which Congress may not ratify,
and also urges the Filipinos to enthusias
tically welcome the commission when It
arrives in the towns and provinces, ask
ing boldly for the form of government
they most desire, as the Americans per
mit freedom of speech. .
The proclamation closes with asking the
Filipinos to strive for -liberty and Inde
pendence and again warns the commission
against deception.
In the Catarma fight. Island of Samar.
May 1, about 70) of the enemy attacked
the men of the Forty-third Infantry- The
Americans killed 209 of the rebels by ac
tual count. Only three Americans were
wounded.
Major John C. Gilmore and 100 men of
the Forty-third Regiment were ambushed
May 6 near Pambugan, Samar. Seventy
five of the enemy were killed and there
were no American casualties.
The transport Lennox has returned here
after landing four troops of the Eleventh
Cavalry to reinforce Colonel J. F. Bell.
Two troops. Major Hugh T. Sime com
manding, were landed at Legaspi and pro
ceeded across the country to strengthen
the garrison at Liagao. They found nu
merous lntrenchemfnts manned by insur
gents between the towns and were two
days on their way, skirmishing, dismount
ed constantly. Their only loss was three
horses. The officers report that they
killed forty insurgents, but the natives
declare eighty v.ere killed.
Bays They Were Appointed Without
the Authorization of Congress
. and^Cannot Act Offi
cially.
TUB SAjS tfltAJN CISCO t CAJL.L, SATU11DAY, MAY l'J. llloO.
MARION TRACIE FINDS
THE ROAD TO SUCCESS
Proposed Alliance With England.
If the United States and England should form
an alliance, the combined strength would be so
great that there would be little chance for ene
mies to overcome us. - ¦' In ; , like ' manner, when
men and 'women keep up their bodily strength'
with Hostetter's Stomach Bitters." there Is lit
tle chance of attacks from disease. The old
time remedy enriches ; the blood, ' builds up the
muscles, ., steadies the nerves and Increases the
appetite. "Try it. ¦:--.- ¦ - «; — :
"War,
Ones.
8
MARION TRACTS.
CALIFORNIA HDHTBWESTESK RT. Cfll ZZ^&HS&gGp
_ ___—,_.__ Tnlm !•!!*«. nn«l lire .In* to nrrlv* Ml
. 3LiE3SSE3E] ham miHCMCe.
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIHO (M ain un».F 0 o,ofM.r..»s«..«.)
RAILWAY COMPANY. "*?» — *•»<»* Mat 18. 190a — *»»rr»
Tiburon Perry. Foot of Market St. . 7 «ooa Benldm. Butau. EUaln. Vtc*TO«,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. Ramsey and BactsDaento *7M3»
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:u0. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33. *7:0»a. Shut* Ezsreu— Dutis, WiUlami{for
1:30, 6:10, «:S0 p. m. Tbur»dar»— Extra trip Bartlott Sprlsu), Willows, fied
at 11:M o. m. Saturdays— Extra, trtps at 1:M Bluil. PortUutL *7i4a»
• nd 11:30 D m. # 7«3«» M»rtlnex,8»u U»moa, Vallejo. H»p»,
BUNDAYS-rS:00. 1:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:S0. Z:iX Caltafcjta »ml >J»nta Itos».. ....... ••il!»r
t:00 8 •JO b. m. *8«00 a Da»is, Woodland, KnighU Ltndloj.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. Mariiflile, «>ro»ille !7 ll3p
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:5C. 8:J0. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45, "fliOO* Atlaatic KxpreM— Ogdeii and Eaat •11x15*
»:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at •¦«»«» »ati .lo»o. Utermoia. JUoehtcm.
1:66 and C-25 a tn. lone. Hacraiasuto. rl»Cfr»Uie.
SUNDAYS— «:10. >:40, 11U0 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40. M»r;»tUl<», ChJco, Ue<l Hliii! *4i|l»r
6:05. 6:25 p. m. •*»!•* O»kda!», Chlorao (for Yosemite).
Between 8an Francisco and Bcbnetzen Park fljuor*. CarUra. Mil3r
•ame schedule as above. "BiOO* llajatiJi, Niirs»nd Wa» •! I1I34
. — •SsOOt Loa Aoi;1m £xpreaa — Martlues.
Lear* I In Effect. I Arrive Timi. LaUirop. Stookton. Meroed
Ban Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1900.) San Franciscan ind rmno 'Siinp
¦ . ' , ' a 1 ¦ „ _ — . • n -.. b " *»:.1O4 Vallej.i. Martinet and Way Stations »««<5»
Week I Bun- ! I Bun- Week ., Oi »o* Tb« OferUad LJailted-Ogdon, Den-
Days. I flays. | Deatlnatlon.1 days. | D*ys. rer. Omaha. Chicago .7. •Bill?
7:30 am 8:00 sn Novato. 10:40 ami »:40 am '»'••» N "".PmITS. iESSS'v'uSZ.-
»:Mpm »:30am Petalurna. «:05 pm 10:2S am mento. Mendota. lianrord. VtaaUa.
e:Upm t:00pm Santa Ro«a. 7:»5 pm! 6:20 pm ., 9:< , Os€ H a,w^ NneiandWaVHta"^^: 'VA*,
Fulton. fl:««r Sacramento IUtsciJt««mers t3:0t>A
I :M am Windsor. 10:25 im *S:O»r Haywardi, Nlles and Waj HUllons. *3ii5r
H»aIJ»burg. Miovr Martlner. Man Uaninu, Vallejo,
Lytton. N«pa. Ca!l«kiiK». Santa Itoaa **ilila
Cejrservllle. "lioiir Benieia. Viators. Maotamet^a,
1:30 pm l:Nam Clorerdal*. 7:33 pm liiJpra Wowlland. Kui.liU LjumUuc
. ¦ M*rji>illr. Orntllln •IS):<»4
7:t0am| I Hopland I 110:25 am MtSOrNllea, San Jn^> and Stockton •Til.ir
1:13 pm| 8:00 am( and Ulclah. | 7:35 ptn| V.tO pm *3tOOrThe Owl Limited-Tracy, Fresao.
— TTTT — IT Bakenflehl. Haugus for Santa Bar-
7:10 am 10:25 am barm. I*. An«.l5. •••«*
8:00 am QuernevUle. 7:3» pm •SiOOp Fre«no Passeostir-Martinex. Lath-
»-JO pm »- a P°* rop. Sfaicktou. Mnrcml. BerenOa
7:30 am |.D0 am Bonoma 1:15 am I:4»a» . 3jMr K jj^^l* T^^r^jja.-w.!.,
1:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. »:05 pm «:»> pm ?£ ta «'p b .£- JfT/SSiS-^S
T'tO ami S-eo am! 110:40 amtlO:Z5 am Kaat ¦Sa-tSa
t:10 pm S-00 pm Sabastcpot.'l 7:SS pm| (:M pm *3iSSip DtuU Fa Itunta— Atlautla Expraaa
— I — — — ; ror Mo]m« anil Ka»t "Bilir
Btoxes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West *8t«9p Hay wards, Nlles and San Josi •7il5 t
flprtnffs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton <tt:OOr Vallejo *!2tlSr
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs*, at «6.00r Oriental Mall-Ofdea, Caayenn*.
O«y«ervllle for Skaecs SprlnK»: at Cloverdals . Omaha. Chicago *I1>43a
for t^e Oeyseni: at Hopland for Duncan '«:«Or Orleatat Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Springs. Hls-hland Sprtn^s. Kelsejnrllle Carl»- «raal»a. CMcmgo •filSr
bad Springs, 8o<Ja Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett J7««0p Vallejo, Port Cotta and Wat Ota-
Bprlngrs; at LTclah for Vichy Springs, Saratop, t)on , ' atm t#,33.
Eprlngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter •¦,»r, r Orp B .m and California KxprMa Hai
Bprtns-s. U^per Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. ramento. M»ryarllle. Ka.Mlni.
John Day's. Rlrerslde. Uerley a, Bncknella. PortUmt. Png^t s,.,.,.,l »,,,i *««> -SilSa
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot ¦ =
BprlnKS. Mendoclno City. Fort Bran. "West- COAST III VISIOM CUrron (Jawce).
port, Usal, Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins. (Foot of Jlnrket Street.)
Sd'lSaSk!? 1 ' Harrf8 ' ° J " a ' i * DTWi BC0U ' t?«43a fiant. Crux KicnrHon for S.,U
'jiSKgt. Monday rooad «. «c^ J ...u.N^KSS J- '° 3 '
m.n4 trip tickets to an potnta Bo..M.,0,^k.H». l taOr.«.o<l Wa,
•liS&ttiiSFm Market bid* »¦¦» «.-»"¦ C.iUxV UlV.^n Jci.. New ***
w r WHTTIN'O R. X. RYAN A Imadeo. Felton, Koulder Creek.
x. . ..^.^......x. iijL . l±_ •««l.1p Newark. Han. Joae. Loa Gatoa I •«l:.-»o>»
T f ? H>TTTT7"fTTTT-r T T T.T ? t a^iiap Glonwood. Felton. Banta Cro» «»i.V>a
X Sf* ¦ X CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•*<¦ II . I 4- ff«SH riH«UCO-»njt .' 'i.rkil Slrttl (S!i> 8> —
:: IbAIIFRRNIA LlMITFn^ s »& J '«'- n " *" a "
-*- WALirUnniA BollTlllLU> n.»0»[UU-F,,i,:Br..J.,..~- M 3 8:0 0 10:00..-.
-f -f 112:03 '1:33 t!:33 -3:00 tl:83 *3:::r.ii.
X Santa Fe Route ? ""aaiggLSSSfflr^
"?" ™»n •?" t«tH»»Oca*n View, Houth M»n Francisco.. 1*t»9T
+ , KX * • +. t7:OO» San .lo»o ami Way flUklnu* <New
a. Alraaiton We lnr»J»jt oiily) *li>»»
Z /NTTT/N A -Ol /% "*" n»»«« Sanday Eicurslon for Saa Jose,
+ l'lLlBi 1 Al^al -f H » nU Crux. Padflo Grots and
>. I • Pi II I A ITI I X Principal V,kj Station. JS:33»
-4- ; -*. I.ula Ol>lni>o. Surf. Lompoc and
a • . rrii.olpal \V»f Stations *4:19T
Z "?" 'IMS* 8aa Just and Way Statlous >>iS-1«
-" Quickest running and moet luxurious -f- *llt3o* SanJnie.LosaatosaiiiinrajHUtlons *SiSOr
•" train across the continent. Connecting '•*• t a «* 5 r 8aj» Matco, ltedwood. Menlo Park.
-- train leaves San Franclaco S p. m. Man- '¦«? Palo Alto. Santa. Clara, Man Jnae.
-? day. Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. h> Tres Pinoa. Santa Crjjx. Sallnaa.
-? arriving ln Chicago 2:15 p. m.. ln time 4. Moutereyami l'aelflc Oror 1io.:in»
4- to connect with all limited trains for M . fS:S«p San Jose and Way Stations ........ *•«»•?
T New York. T Hil-irSanJoieaiid Principal Way Stations •»i«3*
J """ t3:O«p Saa Jose. Loa Gatoa and Principal
+ avpbi . un }^Z*L S f? n Fran " X »5ta#pS, W J^^naPHoeV»alwV T 'statYo\.'; t»!.-»*i
+ OVERLAND °i?f? "LV* 1 P - m ; I •n : :i»r8.n.l«.».d W.,Atatl»ua t» 8 «» A
I express sn?f : 4 "*?jz£r w ""?zxzjr'
1 daily "~"- •*"¦;»:,;:?.',%, »-*>->•¦
4. l " i-aat. -r o g^ tardAV >wd n,,.,i» r «*und»T and Monday
I if HSsfffeSSS I R0R1H PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
T handled: passenRer trains will take this + Via Sausallto F«rry. i
"*" I^V'i.^Lf 11 ly . dat 1- whlch wm *>• "?¦ Commencing April «. WOOL
> Eicl-nd"!^ s - "- X ™™z^sg&v > *i2? UT *»** i
Francisco and Chicago. 2560 miles. J WEEK DAT3-7:00. '»:30. »:30. U;00 a. BLl
' i l^n^T^f^v 6 , 28 M " ket 8^ t U k 45 XTOA 5 'TR 1 fp8^Fo; 5 Min C: l $ ; II C e : y 9
i £ hon o Maln 1531: Oakland. 1118 Broad- + niVael. on Mondays. Wednesday*. Satttn^ra
± way; Sacramento. Ml J Street; San Jose. + Sundays, at S:00 and 11:35 p. m. lUra * JS
-*¦ 7 West Santa Clara Street. -?- SUNDAYS— 7:00. f.00. •»:(», »lS7oO. U:00. M»
Tx A A A 1 , A i • + »¦ »- : UM - <1;M - rJ0 - ' S:45 - 8:00 > I; W. "5
TT T^ tf f t t » *^u.oo a. m. does not run to Sma Rafael Sua-
\TiT A *D A O XT **T™in. marked <*> nin to Saa Q^entla.
W IX I* Zl H FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAM FHASC13CO.
f f AU.fi.OJLl WEEK PATS-5:J5 7:50. S:40. nJffli,
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT TINE D^ '^w :-. *«&"*&»,.
11IMUH11A XALtljJ OHUUl l>lllL an<1 Saturdays at »«:45 and 10:20 p. m.
FROM SCN S A I?T*jJ?-«r S: ?^«**L? > - # " :( »-- "»•: •«:<»
Chicago, Kansas City and St Lo»is
to FROM MILX, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
New York and New England Foints. »£%3!>Yfift£^3 rS :J * -
Finest thiough train service" with pollt» and X Ji1urdI«^t 7% i^J^VSl W** 08^*^
courteous employes. Stop-ofT allowed at tha an c d T4nAY!^«-2S I-CS ib-m li^r.^ • m«
IWta. BOSS C. CUNeT P. C P. A*U iS^^^^tfi^^-^iJ'^
C B. CIUNE. O 1» aJ^ Angeles. Cal. THROUGH TRAINa
C. B. CRAKE. O. P.gA^^ «. „. week daya-Tazadero Mdvay*.
~~~ ' 1:15 P-.m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta~
a Dr. GibbOn'S BlSPCnSarT, »°li P. m. weekdays (Saturdays executed)-
SBaHSHKSJBBKS 3 "= «S«BS& w ~-
SklnDlmeaaetLTbedoctorcnreswheu *^* ¦ °^
others fall. Try him. Charger Jow " — ¦
Care* gaarante*>1. Callorvrltei WoolrllT fall C( f|(l -r\nn Vaoll
»r. J. F.utBUU.V. Box 1937. Boa Fraiclaca " e©Kiy KsQjA ,lj»l , U U pOF X QBX
BB1BIBBIB1IBBBIBIIIIII
H , B
* ¦¦ a
H . H
3 Q
?S lot ff^U BttX fl >3
1 S
3 I H
5 ¦
g That is one of the essential fea- E!
3 tures of value to consider when g
B you contemplate investment in g
¦ oil stock. Q
B • The lands of the ¦
2 ¦ B
B ' B
iljohir ¦''
B B
B £\ 94 B
B ¦ IS I B
¦ «r|l ra
n * £
J Are all of section 23 and one- g
S quarter of the adjoining section B
b 14. Township 21 south. Range 15 B
H East, M. D. M. " B
I Look on he Map I
2 And you will discover this tract q
a to lie midway between the almost D
g parallel ledges of oil sandstone B
B and shale extending through B
B Fresno County, and on a direct H
B line from Oil City to the Kreyen- n
B hagen and Black Mountain §
g flowing wells. g
H If you contemplate large in- B
j vestment it might pay. you to B
B take a trip to Coalinga and visit
fl this tract. In that event you S
fl would invest more heavily. • ji
B .A limited amount of fully paid g
™ non-assessable stock is now of- q
! fered at 50 cents per share. H
a Call or send for prospectus. It B
B tells the story- .'. a
B Address all communications to S
| Ophir Oil Company |
B SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. B
5 Represented in San Francisco S
g by J. P. MASSIE. Room 14, g
B Fifth Floor, Mills building. £j
B In Chicago by G. GIRLING, ¦
H 269 Dearborn street. g
¦ . LOS ANGELES OFFICE— Q
B 402 Douglas Block. Q
BBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
flB CHiCHESTCR'3 CNaUSH
Pennyroyal pills
¦ _^T»~^k Orlsln«l mnd Only Ccnniae.
>J(_S^ for CHICBLESTEK'S KNGUSH^
¦¦¦"a-^Wa»l««l»>n«rtbbon. T.keno other. RcftiM
T?1 *** *SJ I>snr«rons 8nb«tltntlsn* and Imlta<
[IT fO *••¦•• B "7 » f J"" Or»«gi«t. or lend Ar. la
I *•• ' rS " lm >" tnr Vtrtlrnlnn, Trutlmanlall
- '; V V* . ¥? ""» " He«er for I,«ai«;- <• le«~ "yS-
.A P t»r» Mall. 1 0.OHO T-.tlmonI»:«. Sow b»
• Mmtloa tMi p»p«r. . Madl— n Sqmro. PHILA^ pg
• ;BAHBOAD TRAVEI,.
MILL. VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC^ RAILWAY— Commencing 8unday,
f; April r- 22. 'v 1900. via - Sausallto Ferry. Week
¦' days— Leave San Francisco, 9:30 a. m., 1-45
- p. m. Sundays— Leave San Franclaco, S a. m., .
> 9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. ra.. 1:30. p. m., 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
l sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market . at., , San Francisco.. Fare, .
' round trip from Ban Francisco. SI 40.
ADVEETISEMEUTS.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HAJLE.0AD TRAVEL.
I haxe riven personal inspection to the workicr of M. I. S. T. on the human system, an*
mast say that It entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical CoHef*.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
Address RA. I. S. T. Co., Tclado, 0.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how loop standine- Anjrcase of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, ko Matter if the patients hwe been for rears forced to ns«
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotence that can be cured, and permanentiy restore Tonthfnl Tlfor and
Tltality. It is no stimulant'. Iu effects are permanent and lasting 1 . Will core any caie •(
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocelo. Will remoT« en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerons Germs.
,.* addition to the aboTe. id. I. S. T. No. 2 has cared many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, SDinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of saff-
srsrs. It is prescribed by leading 1 physicians allover the conntry. It is pleasant to take and
Fpggfc BF^ PTH absoin'ilj safe. It nerer increases or diminishes the action of tha
l£33 fcfelr tCT heart. If you are suffering- from any chronic disease you are nrg'ed to
rp^A KP» b*»" write to us, no matter how man v doctors or kinds of medicines yon
H H IfflSl hi?S have tried without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURB YOU.
u at Buaa -i That you may judpeof the Talne of the Great Specific for yourself*
we will send you one large case by mail FREE, only asking' that
Wo«n cured yourself yon will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to oar medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for 15.
Prevent Consumption.
A Positive Cure for Grip, Colds and Catarrh.
Cure Begins With First Inhalation.
A Common Sense Cure for Mnnyon's Famous Remedies.
Patapph A<;thmR Rpnn- bcuktoitb rheumatism cure win
L.QIQ1 1 JJj -ttOllJlllai U1U1J relieve the pain in a few hours and cure
rhltK flinhtllPPiR anrl Permanently in a few days. Price 25c.
LUlllif UiyillUCilQ ailU mUNYOX-S KIDNEY CURE will cure
All Thpnat TpnilhlP<v W Per cent of all cases of Kidney Dis-
iill ililUal llUUJJlDb ease, including Bright's Disease in early
VgHCS^ay Clouds of medl- stages. Price 25c.
Jb&^^&k cated vapor are ln- MUNYON'S NERVE CURE restores
$&**— haled thro<i~h tho the shattered nerves to healthy condition
&» ;? 6> g& naJe \ lnrou ° n tn | promptly. Price 25c.
M l&i W f ML-XYON-S FEMALE CURE. A bless-
'^»*^? 4 CZ3ir^ from the nostrils lTlg to a n suffering: women. Price 25c.
after having cleansed I MUXYON'S PILE OINTMENT. A sure
l ani1 vaporised all the i rure for Blind, Bleeding or Itching Piles,
i J 'j PI**-' v 'A Hf>c«»TK«wi n^rti a i Price 25c.
k %'m'^^Jk tln^ot vlx^tis te\t\ MUX VOX'S HEART CURB rives tone
A -*U • Pi,\,<^^ at once. Doctors in- and ptrensth to the heart and regulates
jr^^-^J^VJ/^ dor^e it. Everybody ! lt!S action. Price 25c.
r^^Pf- V praise* It. It costs MUNYON'S CONSTIPATION CURE
jtrr^ujy Vt^-rJ^ out ?1 and is sold by cures withoutphyslc. Overcomes the pill
i'j all druggists. i habit. Price 25c.
It reaches the pore spots. I MUNYOX'S COLD CURE will break up
It heals the raw plaet-s. I any form of cold in a few hours. Price 25c.
It per.etratw obscure recesses where j MUNYON'S* DYSPEPSIA CURE will
<Jru*s taken Into the stomach cannot j cure any case of Indigestion or stomach
It acts as a balm and tonic to the whole troUble ' Prl ? e
MUNYON'S V1TALIZER for Weak
StSS : «Bt^ Hen. Price, $1.00.
PRICE OF INHALER, WITH ALL MEDICINE, COMPLETE, $1.00.
Sufferers from Grip, Catarrh or Asthma are especially invited to a free
test at the following centrally located dro» stores :
ICO PERCENTAGE DP.UG CO.. 949 Market. I THE OVvX. DRUG CO.. 1128 Market St.
McDOXXKLX. PHARMACY. 106 Grant ave. ZEH'S DRITO STORE. 1226 Market st.
OUAXT DRUG CO., Z6 and 40 Third st. * ' GEO. DAHLBENDER, 214 Kearny st.
FERRY DRUG CO., foot of Market st.
LION DRUG CO.. Stockton and Market. I WITHKHS DRUG CO., Valencia & Nineteenth.
JAMES H. WI.NTER. Twnty-Ilfth &. Valencia. J. B. licDONALD. 640 Post St., cor. Jones.
BOTSO.VS PHARMACY, SOS VaJceniS I DAVID M. FLETCHER, Van Ness and Geary.
___ H. G. GERDES, 343 Kearny st.
WXPTKRN* PHARMACY. 130 Powell st. GEO. P.URN'ETT. Turk, near Market.
FOSTER & CO.. ir.? MarkPt st. FRANK CLOUGH. Ellis, corner Jones.
KIBBLERS PHARMACY, Larkln and Turk. P. C. ROSSI. 31S Montgomery st.
ClUMl'WX PHARMACY, cor. Eddy & Steiner. ST. NICHOLAS PHARMACY. Hayes & Market.
OAKLAND.
GSGOGD BEOS., BOWMAN & CO., GtO. SSliTfl & CO., 469 12th St.
Polite attendants will b» on harni to anewer all questions. Everybody Is Invited to glv»
tSe Inhaler a free trial. are ¦welcome to a treatment whether you purchase or not.
\* »» rt «./ r> ri * £T Mur.yor.'s 57 remedies are eo conveniently put up, so plainly labeled.
ITJ Uliy %Jtl C» •with all directions so clear and pimple, that their presence In a home— ln
rj •• t ' as * <> r Hi ness— allays all. fears of having to run for a doctor. Munyon has
I\( > fn a Q2GS a trlfl(1 anl P rcved sywific for every disease and ailment of young or old,
" thousands of testimonials indorsing it. His remedies cure Rheuma-
tism, Kidney Trouble. Liver Complaints. Dyspepsia. Indigestion, . Blood Impurities, Fevers.
Colds. c\,u*Ths. Piles. H*a.iach«»s. Debility. Chalera Morbus. Measles, etc. At all the druggists.
mostly C5 c*-nts a vial. Write to Professor Munyon for free medical advice upon any disease
ISK Arch street. Philadelphia, Pa. \
ADVERTISEMENT*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mo- 2, fglL | B Sa !¦ Mo - 2 *
greatest PS6fv@ and Biood Tonic
q jv\fk^v 20, iooo. •
OOOOOPOSyQfj)3SG®OQ3S30QCoooaQQeCOOQteCCO@C®00
I TWO I
I STARTLING SENSATIONS f
© . s
8 From Revenue Collector to Stevedore. %\
% HE IS A SAN FRANCISCAN. §
| A ROYAL ROMANCE. |
q Drama of misfortune concerning King Milan, Count Zolnanyi S
© end his young American bride. 0
| THE "WANDER YEAR" OF A LITTLE •
. | CALIFORNIA PIANIST. |
| LAST DAYS IN JOHANNESBURG. |
Q Told by an American who has just come from there £
© ¦ direct to San Francisco. O
© - ; g
| READY FOR THE SUMMER SCORCHER. S L
® A page no cyclist can afford to miss. • ¦ ,
| FIRST DAYS OF THE PARIS EXPOSITION. 8
0 A novel account by Miss Genevieve Green. The Call's 3
O -* • special correspondent in Paris. • 5
| A REMARKABLE STUDY OF HALL CAINE. |
• By the eminent William J. D. Croke. LL. D. S
gr*, ' * w
§ GENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER I
C Goses his scries of virile articles with a splendid paper on 9
© "Deed* of Our Soldiers in the Philippines." 9
S A FASHION PAGE OF MOST GORGEOUS PARISIAN CRf> 2
O ATIONS WORN BY THEIR FAIR OWNER. £
, • Bo
oeocoecc9»e(JwOC£o©G®©o9c©cc«©ooeoe©GO«ooa«©
I THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. I
o ©
cesoee©ec9G3Q©ae©©3ee0e«$©o©o©©o©0©o0.«e-3e©©Owing to the fact that City and County
Attorney Lane was not prepared, the va
rious cases to test the constitutionality
of the provisions in the charter establish
ing the Civil Service Commission were
not heard yesterday. Peter F. Dunne an
nounced that he was ready to proceed
aealnst the provisions, but Judge Cook
Granted a continuance until to-day. It Is
understood that Garret McEnerney will
be associated with Mr. Lane.
Civil Service Suits .
Peter Caturl. a fish dealer at Post and
Laguna streets, and four Chinese were
convicted yesterday by Judge Cabanl»3
for offering undersized baas for sale. The
Judge sentenced them to pay a fine of S3)
Sold Undersized Sass.
William. Simpson had a charge of
grand larceny against him dismissed
by, • -'Judge . Cabaniss yesterday. . • He
was' accused, along: .with another man
not .arrested, of stealing $400 worth
of cigars from the Klmball Steam
ship Company's wharf, which were book
ed for Cape Nome. Tho cigars were car
ried away tna boat, but as the arresting
omcer could not swear positively that
Simpson was one of the two men. the
Judge gave him the benefit of the doubt
and dismissed the case. ;¦;
Charge Did Not Stick.
Clubman on Women Smokers. 1
Mr Reginald Schuyler writes in to- 1
day's News Letter on "Women Who
Smoke Well and Men Who Smoke Bad
ly " This latest social - essay of his is
marked by the usual candor and droll
observation and will be read 'with pecu
liar interest by many persons of the
smart set.
THAT the Polytechnic High School
has among its pupils, many that are
talented and beautiful was evi
denced at the entertainment given
in Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall last night
for the benefit of the athletic and phys
ical culture classes of that Institution.
The young people who took part In the
affair showed that they did not lack either
histrionic ability or well trained voices.
Their efforts were greatly appreciated by
the large audience which occupied every
Inch of space In the large hall.
The programme was lengthy and did
not admit of encores, otherwise the show
might have been going on yet. The enter
tainment opened with Schubert's" "Sere
nade," artistically rendered by. Miss
Bertha Gehrels, piano; Fred Barkan, vio
! lin.and Leo Wertheimer, cello. The curtain
' was then raised and a score of heads were
seen peeping out of a white canvas back
ground representing a sheet of music.
human notes raised their voices In pop
ular selections, and a decided hit was In
stantly scored. The chorus consisted of
Misses Adams, Spadina, Ibbotson, : Kil
gore, Boutin. McCory, Phedovins, Saylor,
Miel, Little, McCrossen, Fuendellng, Zuril
leger, Stevens, Beeney. Markel, Schabel,
; Potter. Young. Cameron. Kendal, Kra
mer, Levy. Dill. Otten, Lesser and Vice,
and Messrs. McCall. Johnson, ¦ Kirby;
Abenheim, Rauseh, Clawson. Gage, Jones,
Semenarlo, • Eager and Graves. The
chorus was assisted by the following 1 mu
sicians: Mis3 Gehrels. Miss Camllle John-
Bto.t and Miss Ethel Tabrett.
A mandolin club composed of Messrs.
W. H. McCoe, a soldier, residing at the
Winchester House, on Third street, met
two men Thursday night at the Cafe
Royal and had some drinks with them.
He liked one of them so well that he in
vited him. to his room. When McCoe
awoke yesterday morning his new suit
of clothes had disappeared and an old
suit' Which his new-foun«i ¦ friend - had
worn was left behind. His friend had
also gone. McCoe saw His clothes yes
terday afternoon on a. man in a saloon
and he notified Policeman Hemenez. who
placed the man under arrest on a charge
of petty larceny. He gave the name of
Nicolal Diontomme, a waiter.
Met a False Friend.
John Hall, a broken-down tragedian,
presented a sorry spectacle yesterday in
Judge Mogan's court". He had been ar
rested. Thursday night while begging
from guests at the Occidental Hotel.
The man, although emaciated and poorly
clad, had the appearance of a gentleman
and frankly told tho Judgre of his
troubles.
"I was," he said, "dresser for W. E.
Sheridan, the tragedian, for ten years,
and also played parts m his company
such as Casslo in 'Othello' and Oswald
in 'King Lear.' About eight years ago
I was troubled with neuralgia In my eyes
and went to a hospital in Chicago. To
ease the pain they injecte'd morphine into
my system, and that was the commence
ment, of my downfall. The habit grew
upon me. and now I am a physical wretk.
I have done everything to get rid of the
pernicious habit, but without avail. I
left the company several years ago and
have sine* been making- a little money by
giving readings."
A friend of Hall who keeps a saloon on
Fourth street promised to look after him
and the Judge allowed him to go on his
promise that he would appear In court
this morning. An effort will be made to
send him to the country to his friends.
liciting Alms.
PHYSICALLY" WRECKED ,
'/•BY USE OF MORPHINE
John Hall, Dresser and Tragedian,
Arrested on the Charge of So-
Judge de Haven an indictment contain
ing nine counts against Edward E. Grim
mell. charging him with having In his
posseFSlon four forged orders on the As
sistant Treasurer of the United States
at San Francisco for 5100 each in his fa
vor and bearing the forged name of J. D.
Hall, major-surgeon and United States
army disbursing officer. '
Grimmell was a clerk In the Medical
Department of the United States army
at the headquarters in this city. He ab
sconded several months ago and was re
captured in nn Eastern city and brought
back to answer for his misdeeds. Race
track gambling and high, life among race
truck habitues proved his undoing. Grim
mell was a well educated and popular
young man among his associates, but he
went the pace that kills and came in a
bad loser under the barred windows of
the County Jail. ,
Nine Counts of Forgery Preferred
Against Him by the Federal
Grand Jury.
The United Grand Jury report
ed yesterday to United States District
GRIMMELL INDICTED
FOR FORGING 1 ORDERS
knew her, from Victoria, Mendelssohn,
Sonntag, Schumann, Andersen. Thorwald
sen. G. W. Curtis, down to P. T. Barnum.
As a child of 3 she -imitated upon the
, piano the fanfare of the street buglers;
and through her girlhood ¦ the super
abundance of music in her found expres
sion in- every step and bound that her
restless feet made. Until 9 years old she
had no more appreciative audience than
her blue-ribboned cat, to which she sang
by the hour till the wonder of her childish
voice attracted the attention of an actress
boarding in the neighborhood. Jennie
Lind's mother; a governess, embittered by
her hard struggles to support husband
and children, was with difficulty persuad
ed by this actress to subordinate her bur
gher prejudices to the future of the child
and consent to having the little girl's
voice tested at the Royal Theater. Jenny
Llnd describes herself at that time as "a
small, ugly, broad-nosed, shy, gauche, un
dergrown girl; yet the rare promise in her
voice cast ner awkwardness so entirely In
the background that the head of the the
ater agreed to take the 9-year-old girl and
educate her at the Government expense
for the next ten years.
The "actress-pupil Lind" found this
theatrical training always valuable to her.
Her position, however, was by no means a
sinecure, and her efforts to make restitu
tion for the drill and expense bestowed
upon her would have broken down a less
rugged constitution. At 10 she played the
part of Angela in "The Polish Mine"; at
13 she appeared In twenty-two perform
ances; but not until she was 17. after hav
ing appeared on the stage 111 times for
her board and clothes, did the directors
decide to allow her a small salary for her
services.
That year she played ninety-two times
In twelve new characters, chief among
which was Agatha in Weber's "Der Frei
schutz." In this she practically made her
debut and awoke to the knowledge of the
great dramatic gift which God had in
trusted to her. This date. March 7, she
celebrated each year thereafter as a sec
ond birthday. In a somewhat different
wording than that employed by Byron
she expressed the same Idea of a famous
awaking: "I got up that morning one
• creature; I went to bed another creature
; I had found my power." Soon afterward
she was made a member of the* Royal
; Swedish Academy of Music and received
; the appointment of court singer. Within
! a few years she earned enough money
from provincial tours to enable her to go
to Paris for the study of technique.
,Her career thenceforth was a wonderful
exposition of Disraeli's theory that pa
tience is the necessary Ingredient of gen
ius. Once before, as- a child of 14, her
voice threatened for some time to leave
her, and had she not patiently striven at
these critical times to recover it It Is
probable that her genius might qulcklv
have degenerated into mediocrity. Her
voice was < not naturally flexible, yet by
means of her inexhaustible perseverance
she became enabled so skillfully to blend
the various registers that the most criti
cal ear failed to discover their "points of
junction." By practice, too, she attained
the power of rapid execution, not as nat
ural to trer as the richer sustaining power
of her notes. She would practice alone for
hours on the correct enunciation of some
words difficult to pronounce on a- high note
without the grimacing she detested; and
by practice she also learned to refill her
lungs with such • dexterity that the re
newal of her breath was impossible of de
tection. She took the greatest care of her
voice, never dancing or drinking wine,
tea or coffee. Her conscientiousness was
due to her feeling each morning that her
voice was a gift 'from God, and that per
haps that very day might be the last of
its use.
After having mastered the details of
technique so that she might give her dra
matic and spiritual nature full play un
hampered by the mechanics of art. Jenny'
Lind returned to Stockholm. Here she
astounded even her most enthusiastic
friends by her enormous development in
singing, a development which made her
voice unique In the world.
Her progress in music thenceforth was
a series of triumphal ovations in Berlin,
Finland. Copenhagen, Leipzig, Munich.
Vienna. London and America— the joy. of
each nationality In being awakened mu
sically to consciousness of itself finding
expression in many curious, and charac
teristic ways. Students serenaded her in
Copenhagen and Berlin, the art lovers of
Vienna fashioned silver wreaths, for her,
and the crowned heads of Europe present
ed her with gifts estimated to be worth
$.i00.000. . The names of "the Swedish
Nightingale" and "the divine Jenny" were
popular , efforts to express appreciation of
the birdlike, God-given qualities of her
voice.
Her course through Europe could easily,
be traced by the chain of charities which
she left In her wake.' These charities con
sisted not only In gratuitous concerts. In
singing in private to the sick or needy. In
surprising homesick Hans Christian An
dersen with a Christmas tree on Sylves
ter evening, but In giving wherever she
tarried thousands of dollars to the poor
and needy— giving it gleefully, like a child.
The only allusion 'she was ever known to
thoroughly reciprocated this appreciation,
so much so that soon after her marriage
she made that country her home.
Jenny LJnd's American tour under the
management of P. T.'Barnum was an un
equivocal success. Although undertaking
this venture with some trepidation Jenny
LJnd felt that. she did not dare to miss
such a golden opportunity of doing: good.
She writes thus to a friend:
"I have for long bad the most eager
wish to earn, somewhere, a great deal oC
, money bo as to endow a school for poor
lost children In my own country, and the
invitation to America came as a direct
answer: so that I go there in this contt
dence and I pray God in heaven out of a
full heart that he will guide me thither
as ever before with his gentle hand and
will graciously forgive me in my sins and
my innrmitles. I shall have much to en
counter; it is a very arduous undertaking.
But since I have no less an aim before me
than to help in widening God's kingdom
the littlenesses of Ufa vanish In face of
this."
As a proof of this sincerity in spirit she
sent for the Mayor of New York the night
of her first concert In America and divided
the proceeds, nearly $10,000, according to
his advice among the charities of the city.
This precedent she followed throughout
her trip, giving the entire amount re
ceived from her American tour, more than
£40,000, among charities.
This tour brought her a great sorrow
and a greatjoy. Her mother's death sad
dened Jennys kind's visit to America.
While in Boston the prima donna, then
In her thirty-first year, was married to
Otto Goldschmidt, an accomplished young
musician, who had accompanied her at
several of her concerts. The marriaga
proved a most happy one and upon their
return 'they founded a home In England.
Here Mme. Goldschmidt led the busiest,
happiest kind of a life, for she said she
had found "all that her heart ever want
ed or loved." Before settling in Kngland
the young wife sang to delighted audi
ences in Holland, Austria. Ireland and
Germany. She sang thereafter only on
special occasions, generally for charity
sometimes in oratorio, sometimes in 'the
opera of "Ruth." composed by her hus
band, and sometimes in concert with -Mme
Schumann or alone.
To the last she retained the fire and
charm of that resistless voice, which was
a combination of the special qualities of
several prima donnas. One surprising fea
ture to her audiences was her ability,
upon attaining an unusually high note (to
reach which her hearers, through the
habit of mind induced by listening to
other great singers, would suppose her to
have expended all her strength) to carol
away with the oase". the Insouciance of a
bird. She possessed, too, an original
wonderful reserve power In her voice,
which enabled her carefully to avoid any
temptation to mere stagp vocalism and
with a tine reticence to hold her power
well in hand until she reached the. well
planned climax, which invariably swept
her audience out of Itself into the en
chanted realm where she reigned su
preme. Besides her originality she had a
dramatic force, based upon the study of
the art of Rachel, which would have won
her distinction, even If she had not be«u
a prima donna. . To these gifts she added
fire, sympathy, an Intellectual grasp or
her subject and sincerity— a combination
of the gifts of several artistic tempera
ments.
And yet. so all tter contemporaries de
clare.,the magic of cer voice was as noth
ing to the personality of the woman. So
keen was her Intellectual grasp of tho
topics, the problems of the day. ao nobla
yet so kindly withal was her conception
of II fo and it3 duties, that those who wero
uplifted by the charm of her voice de
clared, like the mother of Dean Stanley,
that they "would rather hear Jenny talJc
than sing." Back of all charm lay th«»
goodness of the woman— a simple-hearted
goodness which leveled all class distinc
tions, which converted the skeptic and
strengthened the believing— the perfect
flowing of a deeply practical, religlocj na
turo upon which bad been grafted the
marvelous gift of music. Because Chris
tianity was ihe master spring of her life
her message was optimistic, and therefore
helpful. She said that she was vlad from
morning till night, as who would not be,
instructed with the guardianship of so
great a gift?
Surrounded by her happy- children and
grandchildren, she died as beautifully as
Bhe had lived. Stretching out her hajirts
to the sunlight coming in through the
shutters which her daughter had lust
opened, there bnrst from her lips the first
notes of her favorite. "An den Sonnen
schein." and so singing, there passed Into
the eternal sunshine Jenny LJnd. one of
tho most helpful geniuses that the world
has ever known..
Al Kohn met with a double accident
yesterday and he is now in the Receiving
Hospital. About noon he took the bit
out of his horse's mouth in front of his
store at" S74 Folsom street to put on the
feedbag. The horse got scared and bolted.
Kohn clung to. the bridle and was dragged
along several yards before letting pp.
Henry Becker, a milkman at 2254 Twen
ty-fourth street, happened to be driving
past at the time, and stopped to render
Kohn assistance. He helped Kohn into
his wagon, intending: to take him to the
nearest drug-store". While driving around
the corner of Seventh and Folsom streets
a buggy collided with the milk wagon and
Kohn and Becker were thrown out.
The ambulance -was summoned and
Kohn was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. It was found that he had received
a lacerated wound of the scalp through
his tenacity In clinging to the horse's
bridle and a fractured rib by being
thrown out of the milk wagon. Becker
escaped with a contusion of the chin.
First Dragged by Runaway Horse
and Then Thrown From a
Milk Wagon.
KOHN WAS DOOMED TO
SUFFER A DISASTER
COURT ISKED TO
STRAIGHTEN OUT
ESTATE TANGLE
Many Claims to Property
0nce_ Possessed by Mrs-
Trusseau.
b<Jth residents of Paris.
Out of this mixed condition of affairs
have grown several lawsuits and other
trouble?.
The attorneys for the children In Paris
and Mrs. Osborne learned that- the other
contestants and lawyers for the estate
had compromised with Lang on a basis
of $300, and that Mr?. Osborne. the Paris
heirs and even the undertakers had been
left out in the cold. In order to prevent
the court from being imposed upon the
attorneys for Mrs. Oeborne and the for
eign heirs have called the matter to the
attention of Judge Coffey and asked for
a citation to compel those in the com
promise to show exactly the nature of
the transaction.
A peculiar complication In the matter of
the estate of the late attorney, P. C.
Trusseau. will be passed upon soon by
Probate Judge CoSey. Trusseau's second
wife died before her husband. Prior to
her death she had an estate of over $20,000
in realty. After her death her son, Ernest
Lar.g. exhibited deeds of gift from her
and. declared his mother left no estate.
This was disputed by R. W. King, who
took out letters of administration on the
estate, claiming the deeds were irregular.
If his position was correct this made her
estate a part of the estate of Trusseau.
By the will of Trusseau Mrs. Anna Os
boriie, an old family friend, was to re
ceive 1500 and the balance was to go to
Trusseau's two children by a former wife,
The Son Presents Deeds of Gift and
Makes Claim, Against Which.
Creditors and Heirs of
Husband Protest.
POLYTECHNIC PUPILS
AS VAUDEVILLE STARS
H. and P. Jones, Graves, Hammond, Mc-
Call and Eager rendered a number of se
lections. The inimitable Steve Douglas
entertained with coon songs. He was fol
lowed by a playlet entitled "The Dynamite
Plot," which was n take-off -on* three
"profs" at the school. D. S. Cahen,
Charles Kagfer and - Miss. Vernice Beeney
were in the plot to bunko the audience
and they succeeded admirably.
A burlesque of- Longfellow's pretty
poem, "The Village Blacksmith," by Ed
Goldman and Ed Abenheim, created mer
riment. Goldman. 1 who is a diminutive lad
recited the familiar lines while Abenheim
gesticulated with his large hands, giving
the little recitationist an abnormal ap
pearance. ' * j3W$Bj3gS56Si&5gigf[* - .
The hit of the evening was scored by
Miss "Agnes' Vice,: who- impersonated a
"deutsche madchen" -to: perfection. • Her
mannerisms and dialect showed that she
possessed a high degree of talent. Charles
Eager assisted her. as did also a funny
German band composed of the following
discordant musicians: Goldsmith, John
son. Gage, Rauseh, Clawson, Cahen,
Abenheim, : Semlnario, Jones and McCall.
The chorus introduced the sketch by sing
ing VOver the Garden Wall."; As a fitting
climax to the "turn" twoscore hands en
cased in shoes and stockings were raised
above the wall, presenting an extremely
ludicrous . spectacle. ¦ -Will . Jacobson fol
lowed in barytone : selections. • . Lantern
slldo pictures made by the art department
of the school were thrown on a - canvas
by E. 8. Cargnella and created much
laughter. There were some, splendid cari
catures of the teachers of. the school; and
Judging by the .applause they: struck
home. Tho entertainment concluded with
a series of living pictures taken. from the
Brilliant Performers at the Polytechnic Show.
Unless QtB French boss bakers pay their
Sough manipulators an additional 75 cents
per day and accord them the privilege of
choosing their own hash houses the city
will get up one of these mornings and
find that its crusty French bread Is miss
ing.
At prefer, t the baker Is' obliged to Ftay
his hungry tooth at a hash house desle
r.nted by the boss. The boss pays for the
meals of his employe in tread and the
restaurant keeper reserve* the privilege
of feedir.gr the unfortunate bakers who
fail to *iis table just how and with what
he pleases.
This FVFtom leaves much to the men
who manufacture the staff of life to com
plain of. They declare that Boniface
treats them In en execrable manner, and
that tliey are irivea the refuse of cuisine
which at its b*-?t is none too good. They
further declare that there is no remedy
under the present pystem and so demand
tn extra T5 cents per day ut pay for their
meals, with the addr-d priviJfRe cf pa
tronizing any restaurant their palate mav
dictate.
Since Sunday last th* threat has b*eri
raising from employe to employer and as
yet no understanding reached. There has
r>»en an exchange of fierce words accom
panied -with appropriate gestures, but nei
ther boss nor workman is at all excited
nbo'Jt £o trif.ing a thing as a wordy war.
A few of the boss bakers have chosen to
take the matter seriously. Some are for
cnncedini? to the demands of th*»ir em
r-'.oyes and some are opposed to the mak
ing of any concessions. The French ba
kers are not union men snd po have no
laws or precedents to assist them in this
matter. Their demands have been con
veyed to their employers at spasmodic
Intervals, ar.d were usually framed while
they were laboring under intense excite
ment. By the time the boss' answer
< amo they had usually calmed down
acain. and in this refreshing fashion the
matter has been pnine nn.
• There is a. probability that the doujrh
mixers may decide to do more than par
ley in the matter— snd then there will be
a tim*— r.o French bread in the town and
a French strike on.
CLAIMS OFFICER USED
HIS CLUB TOO FREELY
Patrick Lyons Makes Serious Charge
Against Policeman Tillman,
"Who Denies It.
Patrick livon?. a laborer, was arrested
about 10 o'clock on Thursday night by
Policeman Tillman at Fourth and Minna
Ftreets on a charge of "drunk." After
being- In his cell at the City Prison, for
about two hours the attention of Acting
£prrca.nt Shaw was called to him, as he
v.zs bleeding profusely at the nose and
t-^rned to be unconscious.
He was sent to the Receiving- Hospital
end remained in an unconscious condition
till yesterday afternoon. I>r. Dray, who
attended him, expressed the opinion that
he was In a critical condition. Lyons as
serted that Tillman struck him on the
nose and head with his club without any
provocation. He paid that about a year
ago, while working on the Santa Fe Rail
road at Lawrence. Kar.s., another laborer
Ftruck him on the head with a shovel,
fracturing his ekull, and sin.ee then he
had been pubject to pp«»lls cf unconscious*
z\~r*. He had recently been, in the City
and County Hospital for five weeks
through the old trouble.
Tiliman denied that he used his club on
Lyons and said that he could not have
oone so, as he did not have his club with
him. He claims Lyons was very drunk
when he arrested him, and he supposes
that he may have fallen and Injured his
nose. This is borne out by the fact that
there is no mark of a blow on Lyons'
scalp.
Used the Hose Too Freely.
A. F. Potter, a young man residing at
C?29 Folsom •street, swore to a complaint
yesterday in Judpe Cabaniss" ccurt for
the arrest of Henry Chrlstman, a garden
er in Golden Gate Park, on the charge
of battery. He told the Judge that he
was driving in the park Thursday In a
i'UF^ry with a young lady and Christman.
wtw was watering: the driveway, delib
erately turned the hose on them and
sailed the young lady's clothes. Christ
n.LTi was arrested yesterday afternoon
and released on bail.
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
Judges Gilbert, Hops and Hawley eat
yesterday morning as the United States
"ircuit Court of Appeals and transacted
business as follows:
Doe vs. Springfield Boiler Manufactur
ing Company, argued and submitted.
Mutual Lif^ Insurance Company of New
Vork vs. Hathaway, submitted on briefs.
Artjourneti until Monday 11 a. m.
The Queen's birthday will be celebrated
next Thursday-evening by a second grand
concert in Metropolitan Temple, under the
Joint auspices of the Mansion House relief
committee and the British Benevolent So
ciety.
The programme will be an exceptional
one. the committees having secured the
services of well-known entertainers,
among thf-m Homer Henley. Manlloyd
Jones, Professor Veaco, Professor Henry
Holmes, Robert Moyd. Miss Grace I.
Davis and Alma Berglund. Wallace A.
Sabin. who will conduct the musical ex
ercises, has now under rehearsal .a
chorus of fifty voices.
Short speeches will be made by William
Greer Harrison, president of the evening,
and Dr. F.. W. D'Evelyn. The hall will
be handsomely decorated, and each per
son in attendance- will be presented with
a British and an American flag. A con
gratulatory telegram will be sent to the
Queen from the platform.
A Grand Concert to Be Given at Met
ropolitan Temple Next Thurs
day Evening.
TO CELEBRATE THE
QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY
tion of Mission Improvement Clubs. They
objected to twenty police musicians being
taken from their beats to rehearse, and
also to the increase of twenty men asked
for in the appropriation. They also
asked that the appropriation should be
lowered in ether items for the sako of
economy, as improvements were more
necessary.
The Ohipf explained that the hand prac
ticed twice each week, once in their own
time and the other in the city's time,
.which evened up matter.". ¦ Sam Davis,
pecret.iry of the Musicians' Union, .had
notified him yesterday that the tinion had
not expressed any objections to the po
lice band, and -would be willing at any
time to supply them with extra pieces
when deemed nec^sary. It was an ama
teur band, and did not in any way-con
flict with the professionals.
The Chief said that if the club wanted
money for improvements he would sug
gest that they help hfm in getting the
liquor license fee Increased to $50 per
quartpr, which would make a revenue of
$640,000 annually.
The federation will meet to-night, when
the. matters referred to will be fully dis
cussed and action taken.
Chief Sullivan was waited upon yester
day by A. S. Ullle. G. Schnee and Dr.
E. X. Torello. representing, the Federa-
Wants More Substantial Improve
ments and Less Noise and
Show.
MISSION IS OPPOSED
TO THE POLICE MUSIC
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
THE LIFE STORY OF JENNY LIND.
BT CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN.
XIV. JENNY LIND-GOLDSCHMIBT
(1S21-1887.)
Through Jenny Llnd I first became sensible
of the hollnesa of art.', Thrpugh her. I learned
that one must forget 6ne'« self in the service
of the Supreme. No books, no men. have hail
a more ennobling: influence upon me. as % poet,
then Jenny L,lnd.— Hans Christian Andersen.
Great musicians, singers and players j
labor under heavier disadvantages in con
vincing posterity of their right to fame
than do the other children of genius; the
portable nature of their profession. Its un
recordablllty except In the memories of
their hearers, make succeeding generations
inclined to attribute their reputation to
the extravagance or the susceptibility of
their contemporaries. Jenny I.lnd would
have shared this general fate were
it not that her remarkable person
ality made such an Indelible impres
sion upon the people of all classes
In Europe and America— upon the
tone-deaf, like Dean Stanley, as well as '
upon musicians like Meyerbeer— that these !
impressions have been recorded in the
memoirs of every noteworthy person who 1
make to her wonderful talent was in Co
penhagen, after singing for a Home for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
\Vhen she heard the unusually laige
amount which her concert had raised in r
eyes filled with tears, and she said to
Hans Christian Andersen: "Isn't It beau
tiful that I can sing so!"
Despite the undoubted success of her
operatic career she longed constantly for
a homely life — so much so that she decided
to abandon the stage in lsio. just eleven,
years from that memorable March 7. tho
birthday of her genius. This decision *ha
never regretted. She sung thereafter in
concert or poured out her soul in ora
torio. Mendelssohn, -who considered her
tho greatest artist h© had known, wrota
the "Elijah" for the peculiar beauty of
her voice and in that she was at her best,
for she said Jt lifted her up Into another
world.
Her retirement from the stag** did not
spring from a puritanical aversion to it.
She did not think It immoral or she would
not have gone to see others act nor would
?he have founded a school for the educa
tion of stage aspirants. It was simply
because, having- passed unspotted throusrh,
the evils of stage environment, she f*>lt
worn by the artificialities and difficulties
of her progress and longed for the home
liness of home.
In England she> was greatly beloved and
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOJFt GIRLS.
FRENCH BAKERS
THREATEN TO GO
OUT ON STRIKE
Would Eat Where They
Choose and Not Where
Hhe Boss Directs.
1 ¦
Demand Seventy-Five ' jCents More
Per Day to Pay for Heals, With.
Privilege of Selecting the
Hash-House.
Y. M. I.'s Off for a Time.
THE members of Cathedral Council
No. 53. Young Men's Institute, and
their friends will celebrate the an
nual picnic pt that organization to
day at Sunset Park, in the, Santa Cruz
Mountains. The outing has not been
advertised, it being strictly invitational,
and this fact insures a select attendance.
Dane© music will bo furnished by Fitz
gerald's orchestra, and en interesting
programme of vocal and instrumental se
lections has been arranged by the com
mittee. Following are the committee hav
ing the outing In charge:-
Airans?m»n.t- P. F. McCarthy (chairman),
K. J. DnllaM. Daniel C. Dea«y. J. P. Mahoney.
Charles Beardslpy. L. A. Kelly, Frank I. Gon
zales. P. J. Karrell. T. P. Martin. TV. Chester
K»og:h (?»rretary).
Prajframme — L. A. Kelly. E. J. Dollard. D. C.
Dea«y.
Floor manager— Xcal Tower; assistant, A.
Xj. ArtlgTies.
Floor committee — Albert H. Quatham, Joseph
McCuFker. W. F. Humphrey, P. Matthews.
Karry A. Byrnes. William A. O'Leary. Arthur
W. I>ollard. Bernard J. Hyland, Fred' E. Far
mar. Charles T. McCarthy.
Transportation— P. F. McCarthy. J. D. Ma
honey, \\". Chester Keosh.
1 Printers on Pleasure Bent,
THE employing printers* picnic at El
Tampo to-day promises to be a very
enjoyable affair, the, preparations for
the outing having been made on a
very elaborate p<yile by committees ap
pointed by the Employing Printers' As
sociation of California, An interesting
programme has been arranged for the oc
casion, and present Indications are that
the attendance will be large.
Upon the arrrval at El Campo of the
boat leaving this city at 9:30 a. m. the
band will head a procession to the pa
vilion, where the exercises of the day will
be inaugurated by a short literary and
musical programme. At II a. m. the
aquatic sports will be started.
After lunch the athletic events will be
run off. A varictv of useful prizes have
been offered, and a large number of gate
prizes will also be awarded. The various
printing firms belonging to the associa
tion are represented on the committees.
Following are the track officials:
Starter, John Partridge: judges. Norris
A Judd. George R. Graham and J. C. Zel
lerbach: chairman of racetrack commit
tee, Bruce Brough.
! Conductors to Make Merry.
" LABORATB preparations have been
made for the second annual excur
sion and picnic of El Capitan Divi
sion No. US, of the Order of Rail
way Conductors, which is to be hrld at
Mirabfl Park. Sonoma bounty, to-day.
The ticket-punchers have the name of .be
ing-genial ho!«ts and a large attendance is
[expected." There will be games of all kinrtB
J and the winners will receive valuable
i prizes. No intoxicating liquors will be sold
on the grounds, and this fact insures an
orderly lot of pleasure-seekers.
Every plan has. been perfected by
the various committees having the affair
in charge to make the day a memorable
one In *the history of their organization.
Trains will leave Tiburon ferry at 9 a. m.
sharp, San Rafael at 10 a. m. and Santa
Rosa at. ll:lrt a. m. The picnickers
will leave the park on their return
to the. city at 5 p. in. The committee of
arrangements consists t>f A. B. Murray
(chairman). George S. Smith, \\*. J. Hun
ter. J. C. Fielding, J. E. Dillon and T. Bil
lingslea.
Uncle George Bromley, the first railroad
conductor in California, will deliver the
oration of .th,o day.
WILL LAY ASIDE DULL CARE
AND PICNIC IN THE COUNTRY
drawings of Gibson and other famous ar
tists, "is Bicycling Bad for the Heart?"
was reproduced by Miss Geraldlno Bow
man and H. Kirby', "Golf Girl," by Miss
Laurilla-Murdock; "Four Seasons," by
Misses Canaille. Johnston. Nonie Adams,
Alice Poorman ' and Adalald Dibble:
"Mexican Girl," by Miss Adrian Lesser;
"Basket-ball Girl,"- by Charles Eager;
"Story of a Crushed Sleeve," by Miss
Ezeta Hastings, Herbert Jones and Presi
dent Rauscli; "Marriage Picture," by
Nonie Adams and Louis McCall: "Old
fashioned Girl," by Miss Loretta Moffatt,
L. McCall and Miss Adams. A sketch en
titled "A Happy Pair," produced by Miss
Charlotte Lainne ana George Caldwell,
concluded the performance.
A. L. Jordan acted as stage manager,
assisted by Miss Rose Murdoch and Miss
M. Van Vlack. Miss Duffy, Miss Rich
ards. Miss ' Marion Michener. Colonel
Charles Murphy, Miss Evelyn Armer and
Miss Ida -.Garbarino also contributed
largely to the success of the entertain
ment.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1900.
Had a Leaky Swill Cart.
Cesar Ehler. a scavenger, was convict
ed yesterday by Judge Fritz on the
charce* of using a leaky swill. cart.* He
was lliied $5. lt> Is several months since
the scavengers agreed to use a wagon>
with a cover that, would prevent all
cause of complaint, but through the lax
ity of the Board of Health no definite
action has yet been taken.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
*>Y JENNY L.UTO.
9
The first article upon the
Paris \ Exposition written ;by
The Call's special correspond-
ent in Paris will appear in
the Sunday Call of May 20. If '.
you cannot go, > the , next best ¦.
thing is to read about it^ arid
The Call will give full and il-
lustrated- accounts.
v POSTUM CEREAL.
WIFE AND SERVANT
Adopt a Change of Diet.
A minister gives his experience with
cotTee drinking and its effect on his
health, but requests that if his name be
u^ed his residence be omitted and only
furnished in reply to inquiries that may
be addressed to the Postum Cereal Co..
Ltd.. at Battle Creek, Mich.
He says he had catarrh of the stom-
ach and dyspepsia, caused by drinkins:
coffee. By advice of the physician he
left off coffee for a few years and drank
hot water. "In visiting one . of the
homes of my congregation about a year
znd a half ago I was introduced to
Postum Food Coffee, the ladv of the
house saying that tea and coffee had
very badly affected a daughter and that
Mr.ce she had quit them both and used
Po c ium Food Coffee she was very much
improved in health.
"I tried a cup of it and found no bad
effects following. On my return home
I got a package and enjoyed its use
very much better than either tea or cof-
I fee. it having none of the harsh taste
of those beverages. I took 'to usinz
Pobturn both morning andynight and
found it bcr.efiied me in a most marked
way.
"Our children enjoy it and keep
healthy and. well. My' wife and -the ser-
vant have both stopped the use of coffee
and enjoy Postum better than the for-
mer. As you will observe, the entire
family have been improved in health
by making the chanpe." The minister's
name is Rev. David T. Robertson.
Postum Food Coffee has a well de-
fined work in rebuilding the nervous
system that has been broken down bv
the use of coffee. This is particularly
noticeable in highly organized individ-
uals. The Postum is made from pure
grains, and selected part* that contain
phosphat*". of potash, are used.
The delicate particles thus obtained
from nature are known by chemists to
wn-te with the albumen of food, from
which the gray matter that fills the brain
snd nerve centers is made. There is a
•rue and scientific reason why Postum
Food Coffee strengthens the user, both
A'nentally and physically, and these facts
< an be proven in any case where a trial
of ten days or two weeks will be given.Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
CIIICAGO, May 18.— The greater part of the
session trade In wheat was quiet.. The opening
was easy, .' July : %©'%c under yesterday at
66^c to C6c, because Liverpool was lower and
the board's. figures showed an increase in Ar
gentine shipments over the previous, week. But
the price got no lower, for the bears had been
in control only a brief period when the weath,er
began to make Itself . felt. There wan no re
lief, from drought in the : North weat, however,
and% realizing this shorts begun to eovtr,'
There were more rains In '¦ the Southwest and
Illinois i. and " Kansas . reported damages - from
fly. ¦:.-- Accordingly more .shorts covered and
those who . had the article held to it. • The
close was very close * to > the < top at 67 1 ,4@Uc,
a gain; of *i<Q1&c over yesterday."
i The: corn market was - firm but 'quiet. The
opening , was easy on cables nnd in sympathy
with wheat. > The declining' tendency soon gave
way when reports of > too ' much " rain In - the
growing belt ¦ was reported. .,- July closed- U3?ic
over yesterday at 38V4@38%c-
Trade in oats waa quiet and fluctuations fol-
JCEW YORK. May 15 -The stock market con
tended successfully againn the marked depres
sion of the early dealings and showed ln
creaalng strength as the day advanced. Early
losses were all retrieved and the close was
fairly buoyant with a burst of buying orders
involving en urgency exceeding that for a
long time past. Very notable net gains are
ehown by the specialties and Industrials, while
the railroada generally are from a fraction to
over two pointa higher. The early depression
hed Its Inception in London, where stock*
were «old down sharply. Sugar and Tobacco
were both sold down sharply, but they m«>t
eupport of a character which has been lack-
Ing for several days j>a*t. An unwieldy short
Ir.tercct 'has been formed, especially In To
bacco, in the coutie of its recent severe de
cline, and when the stock began to move up
the demand from the U ars became pr"c!uiute
The strength developed in some New York
ctooks artded to the confusion of the bears
Brnokly <-»a» Unlcn moved upward £'* points
end Consolidated Gas 6% to a level far above
that touched by this sto<-k for many months
1-sft. Even the fteel industrials were bought
end moved upward generally a point. The
large buylns of Burlington was the feature cf
the railrond lirt. but there -was a well dis
tributed demand for railroad Etocks during the
latter part of the day «nd the sudden 'uma
In prices of Bomc Indicated the uneasy de
tnand irom & short Interest: No gold exports
were announced for to-morrow's English
eteamera and sterling exchange fell lower.
The «trong return made to-day by the Imperial
li&nk of Onntny k»r>t pace mlth the fm-
X>rove<! condition of the English and French
Institutions and affords relief from appre
lension cf any further gold exporta at pres
ent.
The bond market responded to late activity
and strength In stocks. Total sales, par value,
tl. 725,000.
United states refunding 2s, when Usued, ad-
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, May 18.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will 6ay: Continued dullness In many
branches and a further shading In several
staple lines constitute the leading features in
the business^ situation this week. The weak
ness of prices is displayed in lower quotations
for corn, pork, butter, cheese, wool and cot
ton, among the great agricultural : products,
and petroleum and lead among mineral pro
ducts. Wheat Is slightly higher, partly owing
to le«s favorable crop reports here and abroad.
Continued drynef|» In the Northwest has given
the spring wheat situation a less satisfactory
appearance and there is little Improvement
noted In the winter wheat sections of the Cen
tral West. It Is doubtful, howeVer. if the dry
weather has yet really affected spring wheat,
chief complaint coming from the lumber In
terest, which reports low ; streams Interfering
with the forwarding of supplies. Wool has
been shaded again, notwithstanding the fact
that rather more strength is noted In London
sale prices, where oupplles of desirable grades
are reported not excessive. The Iron and steel
situation is no stronger and shaded prices fail
to develop much new business. Bessemar pig
Is nominally unchanged at Pittsburg, but tho
same grade of Iron made outside of that city
Is being offered there below current quotations.
Structural material continues the - strongest
feature of the trade. : From Birmingham come
reporta of continued large export' business. 1
more having been done In two weeks past than
In two weeks previously. ' but -quotations are
largely nominal and the outlook Is rather more
uncertain. A - number of large Pennsylvania
mills have shut- down. for repairs much earlier
than usual and some relief from this source la
looked for. Among other metals lead Is very
weak and current prices are the loweit for a
long time • past. Tin has also - been shaded
while copper Is ' nominally unchanged. The
Industrial sltuatlcn : Is • on the whole rather
better than for some time j past, in that new
disturbances are fewer and some old ones have
been Btttle4.',<But practical tie-ups at Chicago
are still unbroken. At St. = Louis all kinds of
bUBlners has been hurt by the strike of street
railway employes and uncertainty at other
cities, particularly In the building trades, has
had an unsettling effect upon lumber. ,
Anthracite coal production la being restricted
I EASTERN MARKETS j
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 SSVi
Sterling Exchange, sight • — 4 S9Vi
Sterling Cables ........; — 490
New York Exchange, sight — . 15
New York Exchange, telegraphtc — 17^4
Fine silver, per -ounce — 60
Mexican Dullura 48^4 4»
Wheat and Other Grains.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
lower. Chicago was dull but firm, owing to
light receipts and unfavorable weather, which
counteracted lower cables. Local dealers bought
freely.
This market was dull but firm, with a slight
improvement in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 90@91Kc; milling, 93%
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, 99%c* ¦¦tagwiga^ . -,' ; l: ,, :
Second Session — No sales. *•<
•Regular Morning Session — December— SOCO ctls,
99*ie;.2000. 99%c.
Afternoon Session— December— 10,000 ctls,
99»,4c. '
BARLEY— Dull and weak, with a slight de
cline In futures."
Feed. 72V4C for No. 1 and C7H"!:70c tn- nff
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75@S2Hc;
Chevalier,; nominal. "
CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 4000
ctls, . 70c.*
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, CD Tie;
32,000, 70c- \
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
69%c.
Afternoon Session— No sales. •*
¦ OATS — There were free receipts from the
north and ¦ the market was dull. .
White, $1 1001 30; Red. $1@1 20:' Gray. Jl 0V6
@1 15;? Black. $1©1 07V4. .
COKN— Eastern large yellow, • $1 15gi 17% per
ctl ; ! Eastern white, 1101 10 per ctl.
KTE— 95«!l7V4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay] and Feedstuff s: ,
All descriptions remain- dull, with continued
FLOUR— Calif ornia family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers* extras. J3 40©3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25@3 per barrel.
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, : usual' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 52 75 per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour. J2 75;-Rye
Meal. J2 60; Rice Flour. »1; Corn Meal, « 50-
Oat - Croats. $4 SO; Jlomlny, $3 25<@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, >l«4 25; Cracked Wheat," J3 2S-
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, tt: Roiled
Oats (barrels). $iift7 25; tn sacks, t5 7j@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, J3 50 per
100 lbs. ' ; ¦.,-¦¦•¦, . ¦ ,
THE STOCK MARKET.
A decline In Contra Costa Water to t70t?70 23
was tee only noteworthy change on the Bond
Exchange yesterday morning. Business was
dull.
Trading was better in the afternoon, with an
advance In Contra Costa Water to (70 75. Gaa
and Electric sold at $4$34S 75.
The. Segregated Belcher Mining Company boa
levied an assessment of 3 cents.
The West Lake Oil Company will pay a
dividend of 2 cents per share on the 24th.
The Home Oil Company will pay a dividend
of 10 centa per share on the 21st. aggregating
$10,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. -
FRIDAY. May «-^J p. m.
Bld.Ask. t Bld.A«k.
U S bonds— Equtt G L Co. t\ 2'J
4s quar coup. -Il*ill3>i! Mutual El Co. — U
4s do reg 114**115^ O G L & H.... 45 45«i
4s do cp new. .134 134%; Pac Gas Imp.. 45'; 49
Ss do coupon.. 109 lCSViiPac'L Co — 43
Miscellaneous— |S F G & E «H 47
Cal-sit Cab 5s..ll!» — San. Francisco. 4V» 4%,
C C Water 69..IOS 109 Stkn O & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6a..l23'.i — Insurance —
F & Cl Ry «s..HS — Firem's Fund.2T7H —
Geary-st R 5s. — 95 Bank Stocks—
II C & S 5Hs.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 C6H
Do S« 105 10« Ban* of Cal...4o5 —
L A Ey 5s 104»4104H:Cal S r> &. T..104 —
L A L Co 6s... — — ;Flrst National. — 290
Do. gntd 6a.. — — |Lon P & A....132^j —
Do gntd as.. »9til01 'Merchants' Ex 15 — ¦
L A & P R 58.1324 — INe* Nat Bank — —
Mark<»t-st 6«...12S% — ; Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 5s..ll7»» — IGer S & L...1S30 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Ilium S & L.. — —
N R of Cal «9.113 — ,Mut Sav Bk... 45'1 —
N R of Cal sa.lteU — JS F Sav XJ....506 —
N P. C R R R3.1014102U Sav I, & So.... 74 W
N P C R R 5s.lO7i-i — |Sec Sav Bk... — —
N CaS K.R «a.H3 — Union T Co — —
Oak G L&H53.1H — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s... 117 117% California ....1214123
Oak W Co«s.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Co.. 106". — Market-st Ry. «2H *3
Om C Ry 63...127H — O H L & H — 5o
P & Cl Ry «s.l04*i — Prrrsidfo IS —
I* & O R U (s.113 — ¦ Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California ....16» 170
Sac L & G R5s - — Giant Con Co. 8S*l 90
H F & SJV 5».11S»4 — Vlgorit 2H !%,
S Ry of Cal gn.lllVi — sugar Stocks—
Sl'ofA «».... lHV.mH Hana S P Co.. S »%
Do (19«3) — 110 Illaw C & S Co — *>
¦ £p ;j*'J) UlHJia jllonokaa S Co. 32^ -
Do <»12> - lr^JHutch S P Co 26 -
U l c / 5> V.r ~ |K»auea S Co. 20Vi -
g £ £r 6s 123^4 - ! Makawell S Co 47H -
B V Water «s.. — 11V H Onomea S Co.. 27% ZS
£ VV.JV.T 49 - 1(B 103t * Paauhau S Co. 30». —
S V W 3d m).101»i - MiM-ellaneous-
Stocktn Gas «s 9J - A l Pack Assn. 116% -
Water Stock*- C al Fruit Asn. - 100
Contra Costa.. 70?i — Mer Ex Assn.. — 10O
Marin County. 30 — Ort-anic 8 Co.. 92 S3
Spring Valley. — 96U'Vac A F A 2 —
Ga3 & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.149 132^i
Cent G L Co.. — _ p ar paint Co.. 10 —
CentL&P.... Z% —
Morning Session.
Board—
2O Contra Costa Water TO 90" "'
520 Contra Costa Water TO 23 J
NEW YORK, May IS.— Trading was rather
slow In the market for metals to-day. . Tin
ruled rather , quiet, but j a little' steadier, In
fluenced by some local demand and a light
falling off In receipts. Cables, however, were
"s 6d lower, but had no effect here. The close
was. quiet at $28 90@29. Lake copper continues
dull . nnd unchanged at J16 S7V4. Lead ruled
very dull at $3 97^04 02H- Spelter was a lit
tle easier under freer offerings, closing easy
at BV4 polnta off on the basis of $4 4504 50. Pig
Iron warrants were- weak and unsettled. The
brokers' price for lead was J3 SO and for cop
per $16 87^4. .
New York Metal Market.
There was very little business don© In evapo
rated apples to-day. The undertone, however,
remains steady at fully sustained prices. Cali
fornia dried fruits were dull but steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4'.4<Tj5c; prime, 5%'56c; choice, 6%@7c; fancy,
7fc©«c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3tf@7c per
pound.
APRICOTS— Royal. 12>i(314c: Moorpark. 15@
PEACHES— Peeled, 16fJ20c; unpeeled, 6g9c.
mild, market quiet; Cordova, 9U<513V4c. Fu
tures closed steady at net unchanged to 6
points advance. Total sales. 4JO0 bags, includ
ing: June, $6 65; .luly. $6 60; August, $S 65, and
November. JS SO.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 3 32c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4 13-32c; molasses, 3 25-22c; re
fined, steady. • ¦
BUTTER— Receipts. 4227 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 16H'g L 20c; factory. 135? 15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13.295 packages. Firm; stor
age Western at mark, 12^®12»ic; regular pack
ing. 12Q13c, loss off; Southern at mark, 10<g
llVici
DRIED FRUITS.
., NEW YORK. May IS.— FLOUR-Recelpts.
21,119 barrels: exports, 20,197. Spring patents
were firm and more active. There was also a
good demand for choice bakers', but a slow
trade otherwise.
WHEAT— Receipts, 95,275 bushels; exports,
59,300. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 80?»c elevator;
No. 2 red, 77%c f- o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 75%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth, 77%c f. o. b. afloat. Options were
considerably stronger and fairly active to-day,
following a bullish array of crop n*>">vg from the
Southwest, and spring wheat and flour ship
ments for the week also helped the bulls. Closed
firm at HQ^ic net advance. May closed 71«4c;
July, 71%&72%c, closed 72%c; September, 72 9-16
WOOL— Dull?'
COFFEB-Spot Rio. dull: No. 7 Invoice, 7^c;
Nciu York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. May 19.— Bradstreet' s Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Narrow and -Ir
regular speculation has again been the notable
feature of the stock market this week. Pro
fessional Interests of the smaller kind seem to
have been responsible for most of the fluctua
tions exhibited by prices. The continuance of
gold shipments and the transfer of over $3,000,
000 in specie from New York to Paris were,
however, disregarded, and of the influences of
a general character which were effectual fac
tors, a leading place must be assigned to the
growing ease of money here and abroad. Call
loans at New York have been quoted all week
In the neighborhood of 2 per cent and there
is every prospect of the permanency of such
conditions. This makes It easier to carry
stocks and at the same time leads to a cer
tain amount of Investment buying of dividend
paying railroad shares and other securities in
which the public has confidence. There was
no very heavy buying of American rails for
London account, but the financial conditions
abroad just referred to, with the supposed
prospect of an early end to the South African
war. resulted ¦ in a cheerful tone in London,
which had an effect on our own market. The
continuance of good railroad earnings and
favorable crop news were also influences in
speculation and the granger and Southwestern
railroad shares showed at times a very fair
amount of strength. On the other hand the
industrials as a rule have again been weak.
At lower prices the leading steel etocks seemed
to find renewed support, mainly . from the
covering of short contracts, although some re
newed buying of a better character was re
ported to be In progress. . This checked the
disorganization in the group In question, but
another part of the industrial list then became
very weak. This was the tobacco stocks,
American and Continental. The. former es
pecially fell rapidly and severely on the con
tinuance cf the reports that a powerful op
position concern Is to be established with the
backing of capitalists who recently left the
management of the American Company. It
might be noted, however, that this decline of
American Tobacco at)d the Indications of re
newed weakness in sugar refining stock did
not have any great Influence on' the railroad
list, which continued steady to strong and
seemed, in fact, more Inclined to cut loose
entirely from the Industrials.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Pacific ." BS'S
Call Joans 3 Qi Went End SlTi
Time loans 3',£*?4',4 Wisconsin Central, llij
Stocks— . Bonds—
A T & S F 26V4 Atchiscn <4 93Vt
A T & S F prefd.. 72 N K Gas & Coke 6s «>*£
American Sugar.. .109VJ Mining shares—
Am Sugar prefd.. ..110 Adventure 4
Bell Telephone 310 jAUouez Mining Co. 1%
Bo«on & Albany..242i4 Amaljr Copper S7H
IVcton Elevated. ..143 {Atlantic ii
P.o»ton & Maine. ..193 (Boston & Montana.Z97H
C B & Q ...12SrtiiUutte & Boston 63
Dominion Coal..... 4OV4|CaIumet & Hecla..7.V) .
Dom Coal prefd 118 jCentennlal IT
Federal Steel 36^4 Franklin ........... 13
Fed Steel prefd..... 66',i' Humboldt M
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar .\. 14!Ontarlo ...' 775
Crown Point CSjOphir 50
Con Cal & Va 1 S3|Plymouth 10
Dcadwood CO Quicksilver 1 CO
Gould & Curry .... 12 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 £0
Hale & Norcroas... 22",Sierra Nevada ....'. 2$
HomestaJce CS 00, Standard 3 ;.o
Iron Silver 6SiUnlon Con -17
Mexican ' 24 1 Yellow Jacket U
van-pi H and all other Issues except the 3s
(coupon) U In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Bold. Etocks— Bid.
5.6:rt Atehison 26U
21.sr3 Atehison prefd 71%
t.MO Baltimore & Ohio 7SS
Kfl Canadian Pacific 94>i
100 Canada Southern C2V*
1,440 Chesapeake &¦ Ohio 2SH
10O Chicago Great Western 12V*
20,U2> . Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 12S>-i
1<i0 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 22^
1C0 Chicago. Ind « v i Louisville prefd 63
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 101
210 Chicago & Northwestern 162
2,6oO Chicago, Kock Island & Paciflc 107*4
42.* C C O A St Louis 59Vs
7oO Colorado Southern 6
210 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 40H
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1$'*
400 Delaware ic Hudson 114
Delaware, l^ackawanna & Western. .176
Denver &. Rio Grande 18%
Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 69
Erie Wi
600 Erie 1st prefd 36H
tC4 Great Northern prefd 15214
2U0 Hooking Coal 14
Hocking Valley 37»i
SOO Illinois Central 113*4.
100 Iowa Central 16f»
Iowa Central prefd 4S
Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 17«i
SOO Lake Erie & Western 23V t
Lake Erie & Western prefd SI
Lake Shore .20S
3.7C.0 Louisville & Nashville 80%
4.330 Manhattan Elevated 90%
6.445 Metropolitan Street Railway 153
100 Mexican Central 1V»
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 62^
300 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd i*5
7.4S0 Missouri Paciflc 6t>H
Mobile & Ohio 40* t
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10\
£00 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 33*i
;. New Jersey Central 117
1,400 New Ycrk Central 132V;
8.1S5 Norfolk A; Western 36H
Norfolk & Western prefd 77^
16.340 Northern Paciflc E9H
230 Northern Paciflc prefd 74
HO Ontario &• Western 21!*
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
3. < -7J Pennsylvania 13Oi;
SOO Reading 17U
1,71;) Reading 1st jrefd 1 56'«.
100 ReatUnx 2d prefd 2S\ t
Rio Grande' Western 56
I"U Rio Grande Western prefd SS |
St Louie <fc San Francisco lO'.i j
St Louis & Sa^ Fran 1st prefd GS
\IW Louis <£ San Fran id prefd 33?i j
COO St Louis, Southwestern 11
<£/> St Louis. Southwestern prefd 2S
10.7^} St Paul H7Vi
St Paul prefd \~Z\i
Ft 1'aul & Omaha 113
5,4(0 Southern Pacific 34 s ;
L6M Southern Railway 12*g
1.200 Southern Railway prefd 65%
L.330 Texas & Pacific 16?s
12.MJ0 T'nion Paciflc 55_
2.-20 Union Pacific prefd 73 r «
Wabash &\i
1,000 Wabash rrefd 2l*i
3(.A Wheeling & L E Mi
200 Wheeling * L E 2d prefd .- 26* 4
1C0 Wisconsin Centrcl , 15'.!
Ej press Companies —
Adams 113
American 149
2C0 United States 45 |
Well* Fargo 117 j
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 34Vi
American Cotton OH prefd 90
American Malting 3-i
500 American Malting prefd 20 8 ,
l.r::i American Smelting and Ref 37**
722 American Smelting & Ref prefd 8S?i
American Spirits 2*4
American Spirits prefd. ; 17
l.OCO American Steel Hoop 22 1 i
4 fi 0 American Steel Hoop prefd 71
9.CS-S American Steel & Wire 26li |
S.Kift American Steel & Wire prefd 75 l ,» 1
100 American Tin Plate 23
If* American Tin Plate prefd 74
92,7r<5 American Tobacco •. 90
2W> American Tobacco prefd 12S
600 Anaconda Mining Co 42 7 «
S,:fi5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70%
809 Colorado Fuel & Iron 37
9,473 Continental Tobacco 24'i
2,790 Continental Tcbacco prefd TVA I
7.5S0 Federal Pteel 37
I.H., Federal Steel prefd CS'<. I
4S0 General Electric 134*i |
010 Glucose Sugar 46'i I
Giucope Sugar prefd 9'j\,
900 International Paper 21"ii, I
100 International Paper prefd C3'j I
Laclede Gas 66 '
400 National Biscuit '.'30
National Biscuit prefd 82
National I>ead ljtj.
100 National Lead prefd 951J
725 National Steel zoi^
250 National Steel prefd SS
New York Air Brake 124 j
t.".5 North American 14!^
SOO Paciflc Coast 43'
Paciflc Coast 1st prefd go '
115 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 68
1.325 Paciflc Mail 27'i !
17.7S 1 ) People's Gas 10C : £
500 Pressed Steel Car.". 45 I
4T.0 ProFsed Steel Car prefd 7SV41
117 Pullman Palac? Car igo
Standard Rcpe & Twine 574
60.RS0 Sugar 109
Sugar prefd l^os
1,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 73K I
1.250 United States Leather n
1.CG3 United States Leather prefd '. 68
425 United States Rubber 2SX '
United States Rubber prefd • 93 I
2S7 Western Union s O 'i
240 Republic Iron & Steel " n2
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd... — ",6 I
P C C & St Louis "" SS
609 Third Avenue " 1O s
423,100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding - IM K & T 2ds "fiSTi !
(when Issued). ...103% M K & T 4s r,2»2
U S 2s registered.. WWN Y Central lsts.'.'.l'll
U S 2s registered.. 109 N J Cent gen 5s... 121
D S 2a coupon 10i\4 North Carolina 6s 127V4 ¦
O S new 4s reg 134 North Carolina 4s.. 106
U H new 4s coupon. 13i Northern Pac 3s 67
U S eld 4s res 114%! Northern Pac 4s lOS«i
U S old 4s coupon. 114»i;X Y C & St L 4s. 'lOGH
U S Ds registered.. 112% :.Vor & W cons 4s..'. S6T4
U S 5s coupon 112»»!Nor & W sen 6»...13O
Dlfft cf Col 3.6."s....!21 (Oregon Nav lsts. 110
Atchlson gen 4s 100"$ Oregon Nav 4s. I03»i
Atchiron adjust 4s. 84 iOr Short Line 6s.. l2Si?
Canada Sou 2ds....lO6% Or S L cons 5s... 114(4
Ches & Ohio 4^8... SS^lReading gen 4« $8
Ches A- Ohio 5s 116 IKG Western lsts W.J
C & Xor cone 7s. ..141 ?t L & I M cons SsJQvS
C A N S F Deb 5s.UG% Bt L & 8,F gen 6s. 124
Chicago Term 4s... 35 Et Paul cons 168
Denver &¦ n G lsts. 101% St Paul CAP luts 122
Denver & R G 4*.. 93 St Paul C & P 5s..l21U
F, T V» & Ga lsts. .10276 P-nUhern Ry Cs... Ill2
Krie general 4s 72 (Standard R & T 6s 70
Ft V ft D C lsts.. 70^4 Tcnn new set 5s.... 95
Gen rnectrlc 5s 120 Texas & Pac lsts...lU>i
O H & S A Cs 110 Texas & Pac 2ds... C4
O H 4 B A 2ds 107 Union Pac 4s 1051;
Houston & T C Bs..lll>4 VrabaEh lsts 115
Jl & T C cons Cn.,.110 Wnbash 23s 10'U
Iowa Central lsts. .115 . West Shore 4s 113'
K C P & G lsu.... 71V4 Wis Central lsts... 4<i»;
La n^w cons 4s lOSVilVa Centuries II
L tz N v.n1fied 4s. -.100 Va Deferred 9
Southern Pac 4s R2%iCoI & Sou 4s 85V4
Bradstreet 's Financial Revietv.
Spring Lamb 12«1.*> Veal 12'ali
Pork, fresh tffc.tl
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@73j iTurkeys. per lb...l.'?:i
Young Roosters. [Ducks, each 60@73
each SOGT^ijGeese. ea.ch..Jl Z5-^l' i-J
Old Roosters. ea..50"ortiO Plgrons. pair 4u@5u
Fryers, each 40^x50 Rabbits, pair 40'ao-i
Broilers, each S5&40 Hare; each — ©,'J
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per tt>... 5<3 10] Oranges, dozen.... 134J33
Aimonas. per lb..lJ'.Ji'J! Lemons, dozen 10^20
Apples 5^ 5! Limes, per dozen.lOftf 12
Bananas, dozen... lu®15jRalsln3. per lb o'lrl')
Blackberries. bsk.20t>25! Raspberries, bskt.ttgn
Cherries, per rb.. SQlO'Peaehea. per Ib...l5^;j
Cherry Plums, |Strawberrle3. per
per n> 8U10; drawer 30®W
Currants, dwr oOfeBi: Walnuts, per Ib...— feli
Gooseberries, rb... hii S!
Vegetables—
Artichokes. doz.-.-SO'SM Lettuce. Ber doz..l5<t—
Asparagus, per lb. 4©lu Onions, per Ib 3Q :.
Beets, dozen HfeloiOkra. dry. per lb— <&:.O
Beans, white, lb.. iff— Peppers, green. n> 1009
Colored, per lb.. 4'g) 5 Potatoes. i>er lb.. 3'j 5
Lima, per lb....— fj SjParsnlps. per dnz-UW—
Cabbage, each 5©10i Rhubarb, per lb.. i-& 8
Cauliflowers, each G'» 10 1 Radishes, ds bchs.l'Kfli
Celery, bunch 5®— (Sage, doa bncha...25«3.»
Cress, do* bnchs..20©25. String Beans. n>.. 5© 3
Cucumbers, per |3ummer Squash.
dozen 50c#Jl 00 per pound 6U 3
Egg Plant, lb 12(g2O , Thyme, per lb 20&3O
Green Peas, lb 3@ • ITurnlpti. per doz. .10® 13
Lentils, per lb «S S| Tomatoes, ner lb.lO'glS
Fish-
Barracuda 153— !Shad 13®—
Carp 12»— ISea Bass — Z>-~
Codfish — ftl5!Smelta 15320
Flounders 12@— 'Soles 15*3
Halibut 15S— Skate*, each 10«20
Klngflsh — / frl2,Tomcod 13®—
Mackerel 20©— 'Clams, gallon 50(a>—
Do. Horse — <&— I Do hardshelL100.40<3.'.0
Perch 15*?2'):!>abs. each lOfeli
Pompano — <J»— j Do softahell. dz 2oS?:«
Rorkflsh 15« — Mussels, quart WSIJ
Salmon, fresh 15^20 Oysters. Cal. 100..40<ii>i
Do, smoked ~'$ 20 Eastern. doa.25®40
Shrimps 8310
Butter, Cheese and Egga stand the same as
last week.
Poultry is cheaper. Meats are about aa be
fore, though there Is now aomo proipect of
cheaper meat by and by.
The fruit list Is continually growing, the
latest additions being Peaches and Cherry
Plums. Vegetables are in the usual good sup
piy.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel 3 ©13 00 Geattle JS 003
Wellington .. am OO.Southrteld
New Welling- Wellington CIO 00
ton ®10 COlCooa Bay — — ®7 00
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per s<jr...35Q40' Ranch Eggs, per
Do. >er roll 35<y — | dozen 1732)
Cheese, Cal lC(£lo. Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. .17'<£".»! pound 12^15
Cheese. Swiss 2O'ff35 ; Do, extracted...— ©10
Common Eggs — — @15;
Meats, rer lb —
Bacon 12@17!Pork, salt 12£13
Beef, choice 15^20[Pork Chops U^flS
Do. good 10-1*12 Round Steak 10<ai2
?orned Beef — s&10 Sirloin Steak IS®—
Ham. Eastern.. Xi\i\t— Porterhouse do... .20^25
Lard — ©15 Smoked Beef — 5j'15
Mutton lOfrl:.'! Pork Sausages. .IZVi'dZu
Family Retail Market.
WHEAT— Spot, steady: No. 1 California. 6s
2d<ff6s 2Hd: No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 9V4«1
.Futures, steady; July, 5s Sd; September, 5s
7T«d.
CORN— American mixed, new, firm. 4s %d.
Futures, ateady; May, 4s W; July, 3s 10%d.
27 9-16d; French rentes, lOlf 7Hc. Wheat car
goes, on passage, more inquiry; cargoes Walla
Walla, 27a 7Vad; English - country markets,
quiet.
LIVERPOOL. May 18.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2d@6s 2%d; wheat In
Paris, weak: flour In Paris,' weak; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, o'.id.
'¦'; ¦; • •; v closing.
LONDON. May 18.— Consols. 101 11-18; silver.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 18.— WHEAT— Quiet, un
charged; Blue Stem, 54c; Club, 61c, both for ex
port.
PORTLAND, May 13.— In the local wheat
market there was nothing doing and 52c. the
prevailing offer for No. 1 Walla Walla, failed
to bring out any wheat. Valley was nominally
unchanged at 51@52c and Blue Stem 53@54c.
The port Is well blocked up with wheat and
there will not be very much business until
more ships are available.
Cleared— Ship Sylfld, for Queenstown, with
S4.166 bushels wheat: bark Forthbank. for
Queenstown, with 76.555 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. May 18.— Exchanges, $279. 4S1;
balances, $40,000.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 18. — Wool sales were con- j
tlnued to-day with a good attendance. Buy- j
ers were rather slow at the opening and there |
were some withdrawals, but later the demand '
became more active. The Continent and Amer
ica purchased a fair share and some times
paid slight advances over the ruling price for 1
goods suitable for their wants, especially j
medium merinos and medium merino cross- I
breds. Punta Arenas wool sold slowly at "'.4
per cent beloTir the March sale. The offerings I
to-day numbered 14.124 bales. j
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK. May IS.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit to-day at auc
tion were as follows: ¦ Cherries— Black Tartar
lans, 45c to $3 20. average $1 15 box; Blgarreau.
40c to $1, average ECc; Rockport, 55c to KOc,
average oSc; Governor Wood. 40c to SOc, aver
age 44c. Two cars sold to-day. .
CHICAGO. May IS.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day at auction, realiz
ing the following prices: Cherries— Black Tar
tarlanx. 60c to $2. average 99c box. One car
sold to-day. Weather cold.
California Fruit Sales.
bulls. 33 20>S3 65,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 32.000; to-morrow,
15.000. estimated: left over. 3500; mostly 10c
lower; top, $5 42Vi: .mixed and butchers. $5 05®
5 40; good to choice heavy, J5 20^f."» 42%; rough
heavy, J5 05(g5 15; light, J5@5 321i; bulk of
sales, J5 25(g5 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000; eheep 10c lower:
lambs weak to a shade lower; good to choice
wethers, $5 15S5 35; fair to choice mixed. $4 GO'S
5 15; Western sheep. $5 15(f?5 35; yearlings. $3 25
ff?5 80: native lambs, 34 50(07 25; Western lambs,
$6@7 25; spring lambs much lower, J5Q7 DO.
CHICAGO, May 18.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3000:
general cattle market 5@10c lower. Natives-
Best on sale to-day, nine carloads, J5 30; good
to prime steers, J5@5 75; poor to medium. J4_25@
4 SO; selected feeders, about steady. J4 2j<Si>;
mixed stockers, slow, $3 75®'4: cows. !3ff4 60;
heifers. S3 25@5; canners, steady. $2 60<g3 25;
bulls. 1 about steady. J3®4 25; calves, easier,
J4 &0@6 50. Texas fed steers, $4^5 15; Texas
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— ¦ July. Sept.
Opening j> 8H | 8
Closing 6 8 6 <T4
PARIS
Wheat- May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 13 SO 2141
Closing 19 75 21 40
Flour — ¦
Opening I" 00 «*>
Closing 25 9a 27 80
LIVERPOOL.
Charters.
On the- Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14*4® 19Hc: dairy.
13<R16Hc Cheese dull, S?i®9Hc. Eggs easy,
- - *~ . .
, FOR MAY 1?, 1300.
Flour, qr ska lS.124'Sug:ar, s'« • ?¦<)
Wheat, ctls .72. 195! Sugar, bbls 'hj
Oats, ctls lOOiHay, tons 2H
Corn, ctls 8-VStraw, tons i»
Rye. ctls 630 Wool. ba!e« $-¦>
Barley, ctts ....... 2.350 1 Pelts, bdls i»i
Cheese, ctls guides. No zh
Butter, ctls 421|I^eather. rolls si
Tallow, ctls 216 1 Quicksilver, flasks 77
Potatoes, ales 3,44«" ; Kc«a. dozen 23.440
Onions, sks 600|Wlne, rallons 77,<5,".iJ
Bran, ska l.Iil.IJrae, bbls uo
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 3S0| Potatoes, sks •:.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska 3.21: Flops, bales _ SO
Oats, ctls 6. UO i Wool, bales l
$4 K®4 70; extra do. K33 50: Hawaiian t:a
5 25; Japan. $4 75ig5; Louisiana. $4 ->@T "
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinins Ccm
pany quotes, rer Ib. in 100-lb bags: Cubes a
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60c; PawdereJ
5.20c; Candy Granulated. 5.20c: Dry Gra.iu'
lated, 5.10c; Confectioners' A. 5.10c: Magnc"i
A. 4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c: Golden C. 4.50c- tVM&
10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes We
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. E>om
lnos, half-barrels, 5.85c; boxes. 5.10c per lb
GASOLINE AND BENZINE— Are lower" as
follows: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk
15c; do cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14Hc- d>
cases, 20Hc: 86-degree Gasoline, la bulk. Be*
do cases. 27c.
Receipts of Produce. <>
NEW YORK. May 13.— The following table
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
lncs at all principal cities for the week ended
May 17. with the percentage of Increase and de
crease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
—,., Percentaces.
titles — • Amount. Inc.- ljec.
New lork Jl.031,914,240 .... 18 g
£o?t°n 117,675,770 .... 12.3
C ,hca|0 . 1U.0W.S17 9.4
Philadelphia 94,023.03* .. 30
St. Louis 33.S3tf.S74 1*9
PHtsburg 33.202.169 15.0
Baltimore 23.64S.678 1.9
ban Francisco 22, IOC 327 10 9
Cincinnati 14.969,8£0 2.5 '.'.'.'.
Kansas City lo.CSc;421 31.7
New Orleans 9.111.106 16.7 "
Minneapolis 10.006.247 18.7 ..;
J?. etro ," •• 7.6S7.917 .... 9.5
? eV . ela ,n d - ••"• "<33«5 22.8
Louisville 8,631. 1SS 13 2
Providence 6.235.100 .... Ys
Milwaukee 5,504, 31S 2 1
St Paul E.077.0S5 6.*7 ....
Buffalo 6.762.949 14.8
Omaha 6,176.195 85.5
Indianapolis 7.307.523 20 6
Columbus, Ohio 6.666,300 . 15.9
Savannah 2.S77. 1&6 41 5
Denver 3.S6-J.285 31.1 '..'.'.
Hartford 2.264.770 .... 10.1
Richmond 3.0S6 413
Memphis 2.3K1.767 39.6
Washington 2.7S3.435 9.4 ....¦
I'eorla 1.950.423 .21.6
Rochester 2.310,433 10.6
New Haven 1.3S2.039 ¦ 20.4
Worcester 1.249,837 .... 22 S
Atlanta 1.616,570 23.4 ....
Salt Lake City 2.516,513 11.8
Springfield. Mass... 1,223.190 .... S1.7
Fort Worth 2.375.262 41.4 I
Portland. Me ' 1.114,252 20.8
Portland. Or 1,919.147 80.7 ....
fel. Joseph 4.676,049 33. S ....
Lm Angeles 2.300.S46 38. 9 ....
Norfolk 1.477.309 43.8
Syracuse 1. 302,017 6.S ....
De? Molnes "1.P26.756 22.4 ....
Nashville 1.20O.91S 7.7
Wilmington, Del... 1.014.S75 13.5
Fall River 718.714 .... 21.1
Scranton 1.067.052 11.9 ....
Grand Rapids 1.345,992 13.3
Augusta. Ga S3.1.657 57.7
Lowell 4S3.703 36. 5
Dayton. Ohio .•.. 1.OOS.C57 " 1.4
Seattle 2.1SS.360 ,84.5
Tacoma 912.2S7 15-.5
Spokane 1,196,672 .... 13.8
Sioux City 1,155,020 22.0
New Bedford 35S.602 .... 33.5
KnoxvIUe, Tenn 650.479 .... 8.9
Topeka 7^7,377 23.8 ....
Birmingham 735.105 30.5 ....
Wichita JfiO.271 4.S
Binghamton 390,600 .... 12.7
Lexington. Ky 461.514 14.4
Jacksonville. Fla... 236,717 7.7
Kalamazoo 636.271 69.5 ....
Akron 415,700 12.4
Chattar.oosa 604,500 65.0 ....
Rockford. Ill 408.S7S 39.7
Canton. Ohio 2S3.400 26.0
Springfield. Ohio... 2S4.037 15.4
Fargo. N. D 276.S68 8.2
Sioux Fails. S. D... 15H.S63 193.5 ....
Hastings, Nebr 169.97S .... ....
Fremont, Nebr 89.523 11.8
Davenport 6S1.SS5 4.8
Tolodo 2.021.300 12.7
Galveston 5.244, 000 16.4 ....
Houston B.627.451 . 13.0
Helena 672.1S4 .... 3.0
Kvansviile 1,012.447 14.7
Mauon 436.000 2.1
Little Rock 402.694
Ppringtield. Ill 87S.9S7
Yo'ingstown 319.1S0 18.6
Saglnaw 310.505 13.5 ....
Totals, U. S J1.684.372.2S4 .... 11.6
Totals outside of •
New York 652,438.044 .... 3.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J15.20S.193 .... 3.9
Toronto 10.3S5.9K 13.5
Winnipeg 2.409.4U 68.1
Halifax 1.333.111 8.1
Hamilton 804.800 18.5
St. John, X. B 593,906 .... 11.7
Vancouver 856,240 9.7
Victoria 702,43$ 32.2
Totals $32,304,032 6.2
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Atehison, 26%: Canadian Paciflc, 96^4: Union
Paciflc preferred, 759i; Northern Paciflc pre
ferred. 7iv»; Grand Trunk, 7V4: Anacondas.
g%. Bar silver, steady, 27%d. Money, 2Vi per
cent.
NEW YORK. May 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was no public business in the markets
here to-day and prices sagged on profit-taking
by professionals. Funds were weak on the
news that Russia had seized Masempho, in
Korea. New York sold Tlntos and Paris at
first absorbed offerings, but subsequently there
ot.s a relapse, the news from Korea being
taken more seriously in France than in Eng
land. The double option was offered at 40.
Paris also sold Anacondas while London Is
overbought. Americans were dull, there being
no London market for them and the tendency
was toward reaction, support being trifling-
The Bank of England lost £62.000 in gold to
the Cape. Money was easy, mainly, however,
because of the Idleness of this market. Silver
was sold at 27Hd per ounce on Russian and
Indian orders. . . ,
CLOSING.
London Market.
WASHINGTON, May IS.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances, exclusive of the J150,
000,000 gold reserve, shows: Available cash
balance. 3141.624.SS4; gold, $72,049,000.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 18.— Money on call easy
at l*i©2 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3X®4Vi per cent. Sterling
exchange easier, with actual business In bank
ers" bills at $4 i',\Qi Sl% for demand and
$4 S4%@4 S3 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S3'i
®4 89; I commercial bills, ii S4Jj4 54Vi. Silver
certificates. COVitSWic: bar silver. COc. Mexican
dollars, 47',jC. Bonds— Government, (strong;
State, inactive; railroad, strong.
Nkv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May IS.— R. G. Dun &. Co.'a
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
-Business Is not what it was a year ago. but
men' do not agree in defining the difference.
The working force, then 1 increasing fast, is
now, decreasing. Works are stopping to relieve
excessive output in manufactures of paper, cot
ton, wool, leather and some forms of steel,
while prices are suddenly reduced for the same
purpose In lead, wire and nails. What seems
to some "merely spring dullness" others think
the "beginning of reaction."
The remedy for one difficulty does not fit
the other and there is more need than usual
for close attention to the meaning of events.
In place of the wild speculation In securities,
which swelled exchanges a year ago, there nan
come such liquidation that twenty preferred
Industrial stocks have sold this week at priced
averaging £83 11 per share, though the same
¦etocks Bold in April last year for J93 66 per
share, and twenty common have sold this weelc
for $38 49. which sold last year at $76 99. double
the price. Yet many of these companies have
earned and paid good dividends and all have
enjoyed a year of extraordinary business. The
industrials have reached the lowest average
they have ever known, while the sixty most
active railway stocks, though depressed about
*4 per Bhare since early in April are higher
now than In January or February, higher than
early In December and higher than a year ago.
Business in some lines has been hindered by
the holding of prices so high as to check con
sumption. The closing of works by the steel
and wire company, followed by the reduction
of J20 per ton In prices of its ' products; the
closing of many paper mills because of over
production; the sudden reduction of 70c per 100
pounds In lead from the price to which It was
raised late in December; the report that tin
plate works may be closed a while for similar
reasons, create a leeltng that some business
has no longer the guarding and guiding influ
ences of prices answering quickly to the de
mand for consumption. But progress toward a
healthy adjustment has been rapid within the
past week.
Transactions at Pittsburg in Bessemer
seem to be largely at "guaranteed prices," so
that definite quotations are avoided, though
much Bessemer from the East is offered at
very low figures. Gray forge is a shade lower
there,- and local coke at Chicago, while No. 1
Lehlgh Is quoted lit $21 50 here. Bars at Phila
delphia are Jl 75. 'while the Pittsburg associa
tion reaffirms its quotation of 2c. which Is
shaded. Plates also sell there at Jl 07, with
$1 73 quoted at Philadelphia. The demand for
structural and other products has been much
reduced In part by building strikes. .
Woolen manufacturers are not meeting a
very satisfactory market at the advanced prices
asked, and until a change appears in that re
spect the holders of wool will need patience.
The movement of grain continues large, corn
still rivaling wheat In quantity exported. At
lantic exports of wheat in three weeks of May
have been, flour included, 8,232,041 bushels,
against 7.016.540 last year, and Paciflc ex
ports 2.203,909. against 1.367.906 bushels last
year, while exports of corn In the same weeks
have been 10,382,95? bushels, against 6.914.536
bushels last year. Wheat has advanced over a
cent.
Failures for the week have been 117 In the
United States against 147 last year, and 30 in
Canada, against 17 last year.
Cash quotations were as follows: 4 Flour,
stendy; No. 3 'spring wheat. 62-g66c: No. 2 red.
72W73c; No. 2 corn. SSg-SS'ic; No. 2 yellow, 3S'i
«r3>>4c; No. 2 oats. 23'4(92C%c; No. 2 white, 2j -i
@26?ie; No. 3 white, 25%<?26%c: No! 2 rye. u4»*r;
good feeding barley, IWOHci No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 SO; No. 1 XorthwcKtern. ?1 80; prime timothy
seed J2 4J: mess pork, per barrel, $10 Cutfjll ••>;
lard, per 100 pounds. *G So(i?7 C5: short ribs sides
(loose). J6 6*®G 80; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
JC 50fiJ6 73; short clear sides (boxed). J7 10®i 20;
whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 23: sugars, ( cut
loaf, 5.92c; granulated. 5.37c; confectioners A,
E.33c; off A. S.lSe; clover, contract grade. $7.
Dun's: Review of trade.
to seasonable requirements, while the settle
ment of bituminous. trade labor matters la re-
Ba £ d ,f d as favoring continued good trade.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 5.178.422 bushels, against 5.4S0,
674 bushels last ; week, 2 212.206 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1S99. 4.064.832 bushels In
1S98, 2.655.S62 bushels in 1S97 and 1,906.005 buthels
in 1896.
Business failures In the United States for
the past week number 153. as compared with
174 last week. 168 in this week a year ago. ill
In 1S98. 245 in lS97.and 216 In ¦ 1SS6.
In. the Dominion- of "Canada are
slightly more numerous, numbering 24 for the
past week, against- 19 last week. 18 in this week
a year ago, "36 In 1S9S, 21 in Ib97 and 28 In 1S36.
* — : - - ' — *
lowed corn and wheat. July cloatd %c up at
22%c.- ; ¦ ¦ ¦
Provisions were quiet, but steady. -' Trade
was practically featureless. July pork closed
unchanged, lard a shade down and ribs lost
2ttc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
BAGS— San Quenttn Bags. ST. «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Uc:.Woot Bags. :3',43S32»4c; Fleece
Twine. ~VzC
COAL— Wellinsrton. $S per ton; new Welling
ton. JS; Southfleld Wellington. J5; Seattle. J6;
Bryant, J6: Coos Bay, J5; •Wallsend. JS; Co
operative Wallsend, J3; Cumb-rlsnd. J12 In bulk
and $13 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton: Coke. J16 per ton
In bulk and flS in parks; Castle Gate and Rock
Sprinrs. K 43 per 2000 lbs.
RICE— China mixed, J4©4 03; China No. 1.
General Merchandise.
' All descriptions stand the fame, the market
being well supplied as a rule.
BLEF— i^b^c \>kt Ib for ralr to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7c: small. SSSHc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6% 37c; ewes. S«6V4c per
pound.
. LAMB— Sprlnp. S®SUc per lb.
PORK— Liv* Hogs. 5%«3%e for small and
medium and o'ii&iHc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6«4if5Hc; dressed Hogs, 7O«Hc.
Steers. IOSIOUc; medium. 9@9v$c; light. 9tf9Hc:
Cowhides, 9©S4e: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10= :
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. s>ound. lSc; culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kin and Veal. 15^n7c- Dry
Calf, 19c; Sheepskins, shearlinga. 13330c
each; short Wool, avqwc each; inedtum, "O'&tf'Jc
long Wool. J1®1 50 each; Horse Hides J2-J2 50
for larse and Jl TZfll 73 for small; Colts. 23<f?
50c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 40o; fall
or medium skins. 35c: winter or thin skins, 20c
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large " and
smooth; 5Ce; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. Ec per lb; No. 2.
*@Uic: refined. Cc; grease. 2H®3c.
WOOI^Spring clip Is Quotable as follows:
Northern tree. 13>4@17c: Northern defective. 13
@15c; Middle County, free, 15$ 17c: Middle
County, defective. 13©i:b: Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12ffll3e: do. free. 7 months'. 11®13c:
do. defective. V months*. 10<giSc: Humboldt and
M"nrt<vinr» JOjJEtc: Nevart«. 14f?17c ner Ih
HOPS— G©llc p^r lb. Buyers are said to be
bidding as high as lie for new crop Sonoma,
and the crop is reported light in that Important
district.
Sati Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The market continues dull and unchanged.
CURED ALEATS— Bacon, lie per lb tor Heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for # Usht. 13c for ex
tra' light and UMc for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. m-.'SHe: Mess Beef, J12 per
bbl; extra Mess. J13; Family, $11; extra,. Prime
Pork. J14 50<glS; extra clear. $19: Mess. IIS 50;
Smoked Beef. 12%@l3c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7J?Sc per lb for com
pound an-i S'^Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9V4c: 10-lb t'ns. 5%c: 5-lb tins. lOHc. •>
COTTOLENE— Tl-rees. 8?i83»ic per lb; half
barrels, S%<gS?ic; 10-lb tins. 9«ic
Provisions,
There is nothing going on to change quota
tions.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 3*itT4e for
40-50' s. 3'iic for 5C-60's, "Uc for 60-70's. 3@3Vic for
70-SO's, l%O3e for 80SOO's and 2^c for 90-100's;
Apricots. 9®l0c for Royals and 10@llc for Moor
parks; Peaches, V/s<i£i%c for Standards, 6c" for
choice and 54g6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 13
@12!*c; Evapocited Apples. 54@6c; Sun-dried,
3ff4c per lb: Pears, 3 ] i@4Hc for dark and'7S8c
for bright halves; Black Figs. 1%©2c: White
Figs. 2,Ji3c: Bleached Plums. 7%c; unbleached
Plums, fie for pitted and l%c for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice, 9c: standard. 8c; prime, «c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. SVic: choice. 7V»c; standard. SHc
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless,
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, o'-jc;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, Jl E0 per box; 3-crown. Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters. 12; Dehesa. J2 50: Imperial. J3. All
price* are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, ?59c for Standards and 9©
10c for joftshelte; Almonds, HH@12c for paper
«hell, 9® 10c for soft and 4?5c for hardshell.
Peanuts. S^'Se'ic for Eastern and 6c for Cali
fornia. Brazil Nuts. 7Ht?Sc. Filberts. 12®12V»e.
Pecan?. 11&13C. Cocoanuts. J4 COgo.
HONEY— Comb. ll»i®12c for bright and 1W4©
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 7Uc;
light amber extracted, «H©7c; dark, i\W*c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
GOOSEBERRIES— 2^30c per drawer for com
mon and per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES-$S310 per chest.
BLACKBERRIB:S— None in. Logan berries,
KitCOc rer drawer, i ¦ _¦;. J . .
CURRANTS— 3.1S- r .0cr v*T drawer.
CHERRY PLUMS— .V^J7.")C per drawer.
PEACHES— Jl 25^1 50 per box.
CHERRIES— 23f{4Cc per box for red and white
and 25f(6Jc for black. In bulk. 4'56c for black
and 2®4c per lb for white. Receipts were 3t>36
¦ FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Jl 50^2 73
per box; Seedlings. Jl®2; Lemons. J131 5rt for
common and J2<&2 50 for cood tp choice: Mexi
can Limes, J4 50^5: Bananas. Jl 23-32 SO per
bunch; Pineapples, ?3 M@4 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES— JJ£?3 per chest for lare*
and $7(23 for small' berries. Receipts were 321
75c rer box
J2 10.
Koyal Apricots appeared from Vacaville, sell
ing at Jl CO per box. \.
DECIDt'OUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—From VacavHle. JOcgJl per box
for Prlngles and Jl@123for large; from Arizona,
J1®1 25. Receipts were 270 boxes.
APPLES— 73c8 $3 per box; Green Apples. 33®
Peaches were in moderate request.
The demand for Oranges is lessening and. the
market is weak. Four cars were auctioned as
follows: Fancy Navels?. t2%t2 90; choice do.
Jl €."itf2 33; standard, Jl 20^2; seedlings. 50ci#
Fine black Figs came In from Arizona and
were held at 50c per lb.
Cherriea were In lighter receipt and good local
demand and the market cleaned up first rate.
Apricots, on the contrary, were slow of sale.
BUTTER—
Creamer}— Fancy crsamery, 17&®lSc; seconds,
17c.
Dairy— Fancy. 16S16Hc. good to choice. 149
I5Ho: common, 13Hc.
CHEESE— New. 7Vs@S<4c; Young America. 99
SUe; Eastern, 16@17c: Western. 15@16c per lb.
• EGGS — Quoted at 13314c for store and HJlSr
per dozen for ranch. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter Is quiet and the feeling t 3 none too
firm. The same may be said of Eggs, which
are in ample supply. There Is no change in
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
for most kinds are lower, as will be seen.
Youns stock Is particularly weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®12c for Gob
blers and 12£13c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
Jl J0@l 73; Gosllnpr $1 E0@l 75; Ducks, %\ zmi
for old and $3 S0g6 for young; Hens. $424 50:
Young Roosters. SS'SS: Old Roosters. 54 25<«
4 50- Fryers, %:i W?f4 60; Broilers. $3@S 50 for
large and »1 7i@2 50 for small ; Pigeons. |l 73@2
per dozen for old and $1 75<g2 for Squats.
GAME— Nominal.
The seven cars which arrived from the East
this week amply supplied the market and prices
Poultry and Game.
The market Is well stocked with Potatoes,
and prices are weakening. Onions stand about
the same. There Is nothing new In Vegetables,
except the arrival of small lots of green Corn
from Hrentwood, which came In too late for
the morning market. Some sold yesterday at
~Zc per dozen. ,„_ ¦ -
Receipts were 712 boxes Asparagus, 407 boxes
Rhubarb, 46? tacks Peas, 130 sacks Beans, 6CS
sacks and 2S0O boxes new Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 4O(0*.'.c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. 60©7Se: New Potatoes. SOc® Jl 23
In sacks and 60c«$l E0 In boxes.
ONION'S— New Red, 7i@9Oc per ctl: Austra
"vEGETABLES^-Rhubarb, 49c9Jl per box:
Asparagus. 25cfcU per box for No. 2 and $1 25
fll CO for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy laree;
tireen Peas 73c@$l per sack for common and
Jl 23 for Garden; String Beans. 2$?3c; Refu
gees 4@4 1 *c; Wax Beans, 3@4c: Horse Beans,
eC^HJc per sack; Cabbape. 40tT30c; Tomatoes,
IttSeZ: Egff Plant from Lcs Angeles. 10tfl24c;
Dried Okra, 32'-ic per lb: Green Peppers from
Los Anseles. 6®Sc for Chile and 10«12Ho for
Bell- Dried Peppers. 8t?10c: Carrots, 23iyXSc per
sack'- Los Aneeles Summer Squash. licQ-fl per
bcx- Vacaville do, Jl; Cucumbers, 40-875C per
dozen for hothouse and $1 73 per box for
Marysvllle; new Garlic, 5®6c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There is nothing new to report.
BEANS- BayoB, $3®-3 20: small White, $3 250
3 45; large White. |3 10©3 20; Pink. |2 60S2 90:
Red $3 23@3 W; Blackeye. $3 W@4: Butters,
nominal: Lima. J3 23®5 30; Pea. « 40®3 CO; Red
Kidney?. UZI* 50-
SEEDS — Brown Mu»tard. nominal: Tellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. *1 9O©2 20; Canary. 3Hc
uer lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal : Rape, 2}jfj5c; Hemp. 4®-»Hc;
T DRIED IMSAS^-NHea. $1 90S 2 23: Green. »1 90
02 25 per ctl. '
Beans arid Seeds.
neglect of new Hay. which Is arriving at the
rate of half a dozen cars a day.
BRAN— Hi i0®13 50 per ton.
MlDDLINGS-$17g20 per ton .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15®17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J26®27; Jobbing.
f~ 604? 2^: Cocoanut Cake. JHW21: Corn Meal.
J23; "Cracked Corn, $25 50; Mixed Feed, $13 60;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7<@0 for common to good; V 50
©10 for choice; Wheat and Oat. |7@9; Oat.
J6«S- Barley. $j@7: Alfalfa. »5©7 SO per ton.
NEW HAY-J4 &0©6 per ton.
STRAW— 25&37UC per bale.
Continued on Page Thirteeau
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1 900.
Fltchburg prefd....l30 Osceola 61ft
rSn E ectrlc " 1344 Parrot 42Vi
Gen Elec prefd.-....m Quincy 131
Mexican Central... 125H Santa Fe Copper.. 4>4
Jf,. E -G" & Coke.. 16% Tamarack ..........170
°,| d Colony 208 Utah Mining 27%
Old Dominion 16% Winona 3
Rubber 2S»fc Wolverines 3SH
Bank Clearings.
e%'.ic,
Honolulu, Isrnber from Puget Sound to Port
K&tal. i .-.
Exports of Flour and Wheat.
Exports cf flour from tfc'.s port during the
first ten months of the crcp year amount to
SU.170 barrels, against SCI. CM during the same
time last crrtp year. Reducing this flour to a
v.-heat basis and adding it to the exported
wheat givee total wheat exports lor the ten
months of 7.570,670 centals. va!ue<l at $$.3*0,000.
oeair.st <,0::,b00 centals at H.MO.C00 in lS»S-29.
Weather Report.
Crcth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May IS, 5 p. m.
The followinx are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of tamp date last
eraser, and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Last Thi* Last
Stations— 24 h<vjn. seaeon. season.
Eureka O.tf) 4S.5S S3.2S
P.ed Blurt 0.00 S.«7 20. O<
Sacramento 0.00 20.28 14.07
San Francisco 0.00 IS. 42 16.00
Presto o.CK) io.u 7. is
Independence C.CO 3.66 1.12
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 17.30 16.41
L"« Angel-s 0.00 ".*3 5.01
fan Diegj 0.0'J 6.VS 4-b-j
Yuir.a O.uO 1.23 134
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, ;.O; mean, 5S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS- AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Paciflc Elope, but no ra:n is reported.
The ptotun has fallen over the western par
ti a of the country during the past "4 hours,
but during the last 12 hours there has been a
flight rise aloni th* immediate, northwest
coast.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in ail districts. It is from 6 to If de
crt-f-s above the normal In the interior valleys
cf California.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
m-f-ather Saturday. l>e<x>ming somewhat threat
ening in the mounulr.s of SJouthern Cali-
Xorn-.a.
Forecast ir.a<ie" at Pan Francisco for SO hours
t"*1in« rnidnUrht May li*. 13X1:
Northern California— Partly <_Ic;My Saturday;
brisk northwest wlml.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Satur
day, becoming somt-what threat^nir.s in the
r/.'uniain regions; fresh west wlri«i.
Ne'-ada— Fair Saturday.
Vtah— Partly cloudy Saturday.
San Frcricisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Saturday, with fog at night: brisk northwest
UiJd. • «i. H. W1LLSOX.
Local Forecast Official.
Flow of Rivers.
Following Is a statement of the estimated
Cow of certain California rivers in cubic feet
j~er second, or «fcond feet, cne second foot
equaling 50 California miners', inches, or about
40 CcloraJo miners' Inches. The Crures are
from J. B. Lippincott of the United States
Geologic*! Survey:
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer and Barley futures weaker.
Free arrivals of Oats from the north.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously reported.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes plentiful and zvcak. Onions quiet.
Previous quotaiiens for Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry dull, zt'ith some kinds lozrer.
Cherries cleaned up better. Apricots quiet.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meat market quiet and featureless.
Gasoline and Benzine lower.
hests.
Cheese.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Ch tea go Gra in Market.
ARTICLES.
(Receipts. I Sblpm'ta.
Flour, barrels 9.000
Wheat. buaheU 2S.O»
Corn, bushels 1S3.CCO .
Oats, bushels 1S7.00O
Rye.'bushels • 5,000
Barltv, bushels 16.000
6.0-30
227.000
636.000
244.000
6,000
19.000
ARTICLES.
Open. I High.
Open.
I L° w -
IClose.
.
Wheat No. 2—
May
July
. Corn No. 2 —
May ...: ;.".
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May
July. .:
September
Mess Pork, bbl—
July A,.
Lard. 100 lbs—
July :
September
• Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July
September
\
6474 66
sen 67%
V 37% 37%
37% 3SH
SS»£ 3DV6
22VJ 23
. 22U 22',4
2154 • 2IV«
1175 1180
7 00 7 O7V4
7 03 7 07',,
6 63 6 7214
6 t754 6 70
64%
66 ]
• 37^
S7%
38 W
22U
2«»j
65%
67 Vi
37H
88%
33
1172&
11 80*
TO.'
7 06
7 O7«.i
7 07Vi
6C5
6 67%
6 70
6 70
E
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
! Second Feet,
DATE. • > .
-s * ¦ 1SS9. j 1300.
W«r « : T2K i 14.000
May ' T2G5 | 12.500
-'lay 8 T530 Jl.COO
May 9 7IC5 10,700
May 10 TIC5 10.1CK)
M 7530 13.400
*lay 12 7S50 12 500
STAXISLAUS_ RIVER AT OAKDALE. .
i 1839. 1900.
j __| __
May « 1635 2^0
May 7 17J0 3525
fe 192S 38T5
May 8 _60 37M
May 10 3020 3759
May ii «y^ 3 g7 ;
May 12 £780 35O0l
TCOLUMXE
RIVEH AT LA CHANGE.
.Second Ft.j Ditches— S. F.
DATE.
j \ ¦ .
| VOt i 1900 [Mining. iTurlock.
May 6
May 7
May S
May S
May l r '
May 11
May 12
..\ 2:«s j wn j :« ins
..; 2:^i i 4£l0 2» im
.. 2300 5«T0 I :« 133
.' 407s :.:'"•; j 24 139
..j 5470 6745 14 133
.., 7720 j Uli 21 139
..I SICO j i470 j -¦ 21 ¦-". 139
SAN Ji
'AQT-
N" niVER Al
T
HERN" DON.
| Hecor.4 Feet.
DAT
n
1 1S39. j 1SCO.
Xa'y
>Ia>
May
Ma>
Ua>
; - |
y 8....
r :i "• !'.
y 12....
2030 3105
2170 I 3105
2170 j 3445
Eta I 3S20
32W) J 49SO
BXM 54(.i5
70S0 ! £405
;s
nivnr
RE
:d
¦MOrXTAIX.
I Secori'3 Koet.
DATE.
1 1ES9. j 1S00.
.! I4:,0 j TiZi
.1 ZZit j S120
.| Sf.CO I 26T0
.1 J449 43CK)
.1 StiC") ! 50M
.; 3T&) i 5774
.! 3440 ! 37Ci)
E
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY.
! Second Feet,
DATE. • > .
-s * ¦ 1SS9. j 1300.
W«r « : T2K i 14.000
May ' T2G5 | 12.500
-'lay 8 T530 Jl.COO
May 9 7IC5 10,700
May 10 TIC5 10.1CK)
M 7530 13.400
*lay 12 7S50 12 500
STAXISLAUS_ RIVER AT OAKDALE. .
i 1839. 1900.
j __| __
May « 1635 2^0
May 7 17J0 3525
fe 192S 38T5
May 8 _60 37M
May 10 3020 3759
May ii «y^ 3 g7 ;
May 12 £780 35O0l
TCOLUMXE
RIVEH AT LA CHANGE.
.Second Ft.j Ditches— S. F.
DATE.
j \ ¦ .
| VOt i 1900 [Mining. iTurlock.
May 6
May 7
May S
May S
May l r '
May 11
May 12
..\ 2:«s j wn j :« ins
..; 2:^i i 4£l0 2» im
.. 2300 5«T0 I :« 133
.' 407s :.:'"•; j 24 139
..j 5470 6745 14 133
.., 7720 j Uli 21 139
..I SICO j i470 j -¦ 21 ¦-". 139
ARTICLES.
(Receipts. I Sblpm'ta.
Flour, barrels 9.000
Wheat. buaheU 2S.O»
Corn, bushels 1S3.CCO .
Oats, bushels 1S7.00O
Rye.'bushels • 5,000
Barltv, bushels 16.000
6.0-30
227.000
636.000
244.000
6,000
19.000
ARTICLES.
Open. I High.
Open.
I L° w -
IClose.
.
Wheat No. 2—
May
July
. Corn No. 2 —
May ...: ;.".
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May
July. .:
September
Mess Pork, bbl—
July A,.
Lard. 100 lbs—
July :
September
• Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July
September
\
6474 66
sen 67%
V 37% 37%
37% 3SH
SS»£ 3DV6
22VJ 23
. 22U 22',4
2154 • 2IV«
1175 1180
7 00 7 O7V4
7 03 7 07',,
6 63 6 7214
6 t754 6 70
64%
66 ]
• 37^
S7%
38 W
22U
2«»j
65%
67 Vi
37H
88%
33
1172&
11 80*
TO.'
7 06
7 O7«.i
7 07Vi
6C5
6 67%
6 70
6 70
SAN Ji
'AQT-
N" niVER Al
T
HERN" DON.
| Hecor.4 Feet.
DAT
n
1 1S39. j 1SCO.
Xa'y
>Ia>
May
Ma>
Ua>
; - |
y 8....
r :i "• !'.
y 12....
2030 3105
2170 I 3105
2170 j 3445
Eta I 3S20
32W) J 49SO
BXM 54(.i5
70S0 ! £405
;s
nivnr
RE
:d
¦MOrXTAIX.
I Secori'3 Koet.
DATE.
1 1ES9. j 1S00.
.! I4:,0 j TiZi
.1 ZZit j S120
.| Sf.CO I 26T0
.1 J449 43CK)
.1 StiC") ! 50M
.; 3T&) i 5774
.! 3440 ! 37Ci)
AUCTION SALES
BY ORDER OB* CHASE A ' MEXDENHALL.
San Francisco. I will sell at public auction
{0 head of work horses, well broken, weigh-
ing: from 1100 to 1400. In good condition;
horses have been working on Government con-
tract, and aa contract la finished they must
be sold: also 15 buggies, new and second-
hand, and a lot of harness; sale positive: n->
reserve; an opportunity to purchase a goo«l
farm or orchard horse; to be sold on Satur-
day, May 19. 13C0. at 10 a. m., at Center-
ville, Alameda County. LOUIS SCHAFFEK.
Auctioneer.
emil conn, auctione£p.
Regular Salesdays "Wednesday and Saturdav
Will sell TO-DAY, Saturday. Ma* Mt.i. gii
MISSION at., at II o'clock a. m.. Furftitu.-. a-j
Carpets. Crockery. Bedding, etc.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
SALE^
May 21st. at 11 O'clock A. M..
AT SWITZER'S SALE YARD. TWELFTH
AND HARRISON STREETS.
I will b~U: Two carloads of Horses and Marc*
from the Oregon ranch, the same class 0:
horses aa sold last Monday; also 12 head cf
Draught Mares, suitable for contractors r r
ranch work; 1 four-year-old atallion. weieha
1600: 1 bay Mare, with colt by her side s;--..
by Iris: 2 heavy Draught Teams. we!gn o\>-
3400. Thl* stock can be seen at yards ur> ti
day of sale, and must be sold to highest bi,'
der. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer/ <ci^vim I'ltrairn xo rne « ail.
CHICAGO. May IS.- MaJachl Jlogan
stood behind the bar snd drank Irish
vrfelskr. Tom Hanton lear.ed on the ma
hopany ar.d dipped a. dry Martini. Ooorpe
Ei\er 1mhrr<-d golden fizz through a couple
cf straws. Jack Jeffries, brother of the
fatuous Jim. looked proud and Indulged
!n a bit cf twer.
ttev. Alexis Jeffries beamed upon the
group pn«ri r.arurRdly and drank lemon
ade. Preacher, evangelist and father— all
three in ore. Rev. Mr. Jeffries had a good
Time th'F aftemon. The sire of the great
est pugilist of America, whose fam<=
makes his father famous, arrived in this
c;tv soon after noon. He is touring the
country as an evangelist, and being near
< hicajro and heajirs his son Jack wa*
here tra'ninjf Tommy Ryan for the com
ir\p tight, he made a flying trip from Iowa
< ity to show paternal interest.
Jack didn't know his father was coming
r.r:d waj> not at Um depot. ITavlnp been
taueht pprseveranoe aul his life. ltev. Mr.
•i*»frrles knows not what It is to be balked.
3> had determiriod In pee his son and he
<raa not to he s'.dftracked.
He hii.d heard of a resort in Chicajr"
called Maiachy Hopan'p. where prize
fichters jro to talk "Bhop." And to Ho
trans he went. Barely had he entered thp
plnce when a familiar voice Rreetijd him:
"Hello, dad. Drinks nr* on you. You
buy prom *e If a lemonade and* I'll drink
a lit'le beer. I>et me introduce you to my
friends."
Rev. Mr. Jeffrie* forthwith wai» intro
duced by his son Jark to the representa
tive sportsmen of the city. The party b»»-
CtBM cor:e;er!!aJ at once and the pastor
drank more lemonade and jrin«?er ale than
ever !^e had drunk before in the sam-^
Fpace of tirrc.
GRIFFITH ACCUSED OF
BEING A NON-RESIDENT
Police Corgrr.fFEioners Order Him to
Appear snd Eefute the
Charge.
The Police and Kire Cirnmisslnners met
yesterday aftcrrior- r.m a board of e!ec
trtdty. 3. G. Griffith. .1 lineman, was
cited to apnear hoffire the board at Its
r.«"xt meeting and explain away the
charge that h*> is n->t a rerider.t of this
city, it was reported to the board, that
Griffith lives in Berkeley v.itii his wife
end .rhilrfren er.d that his nsm? was not
<• n The <ireat Keei^ter.
Tbls. '.' is ur.<:e-«t'-io<i. is <!enieij by Grif
fth. who not only claims that he 1« a
cualiflf 1 coter, but that he r*»i=id*v» in this
city. The master will be thoroughly In-
VMtisaited by thr b^ortl.
fimr.iyFinnfr Mahnney suggested that
the board have a personal representa
tive ir. the Hectrfcai department of the
ci:y. Hp did net think !t ndvisable to
lake only the uv>r«1 of Superintendent
Hewitt. No pctlon was taken on the .<=ii*
fr^'ion. Frank R^dfmann. an operator.
rirepper") fr^m the r<-ll and W. J.
Nixon a'ipoiri'e'1 !n bN plnce. Suprrin-
Tendrrt Hew'tr n?id the nubordlnate n
p!r>y«"; of tli<» r>oH'-*» at:d fir«» fllnrm system
¦rere -~arp<-.ir>te<1 fn- :;-,!riy <Ia>'p. subfect
to '•ivil service examination.
It was reprepentf-d to «h<» board that
there v,i»5 a balance of only ?7 -M in the
hands of the <Vpnrt«T!ent. Instead of tim.
pk was eyp»rtc-d. To make uj> th» d»f1cit
the Commissioner? di»ci«]*».l to dfspenM
with the ..ervSr^s <,f John F. Kelly, a line
man. Cnmmispii n<»rs Uahon«T and Grady
wanted to rut down the wnrkinj; force of
Instrum^nt-makT? 1 . »>ut ns «=uch action
would srreat'.y interfere wrtth the under
proutid work tr*nt ip now in progress the
matter was dropped.
Camera Club Lecture
Harold \\ . Fairbanks. Ph.D.. si'dressM
the California Camera «'!ub nt Mrtrnpoli
tnri Trmple last night on the topic. "Geo
l^Eicnl Ftory of rhe Bierras." The at
»*r.dar.<~«» was jrond and thf- lecture a nvst
Impr^stirg one. Dr. Fairbanks illustrated
his subject with a s«*riw of excellent
ft^r^opticon views, which greatiy en
)--nred the value of hi? remark!'. During
the evening Miss Miriam Marks contrib
uted to the entertainment by rendering 1
In excelW-nt voice "He Was' a Prince."
Mifs Arr.ar.da d'Austraiio Corcoran played
the accompaniment.
Was Bobbed by a Woman
I^ R. Turker. who claimed he was h^ld
¦up and robbed on Sevrnteenth street a
few night* ago, yesterday admitted to
Captain of Detectives Seymour that his
Btory ¦vran untrue.
Hm explained that h<? was robbed bv a
women in a hotiw» on Market street and in
order to square himself with his relatives
he gave out that h» wa* held up by an
armed robber and relieved of his money.
Colonel Duboce May Recover.
Colonel Victor D. Duboce. who has bepn
lyln* at the roint of death, is improving.
He h«is rallied to curb an extent that
tome hope is entertained of his ultimate
recovery-
Japanese Denied a Landing
Five Jipar.e« Immigrants who arrived
on the America Mam and the Walla
TVcl'.a were denied a larding yesterday
by United State? Immigration Comrn'.s*
eloner Hart on the ground that they were
contract laborers.
Death of Mrs. Hiller, Who Devoted
Years and Spent a Fortune in
Preparing Hsr Casket.
Epprla! Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. May IS.— Mrs. Francis Hiller.
"the lady of the caskets," one of the most
famous and wealthy occentrics in the
country, died at her palatial family resi
dence in Wilmington, Mass., to-day, leav
ing her millions to her coachman hus
bnnd. who ran neither read nor write.
A bitter contest will be instituted by the
relatives. The remains of the widow will
bo laid by the side of her first husband In
a.$o00,000 mausoleum and will be rncased
in a jnO.OOO casket. She was a confirmed
morphina eater, consuming as much as 30
grains a day — enough to kill a dozen
strong men. >
Mrs. Hiller traveled all over the world
selecting woods for her casket. She paid
$1WX> for redwood from California and
then threw it away. Her burial robes are
made of costly cord silk decked with 600
yards of hand-made lncf and 5<XX) daisies
embroidered by the most famous artists
in France. It is fastened. by 500 silver
honks designed by Mrs. Hiller. The outer
robe cost $20,000 and the undergarments
$8000.
' Her first husband was buried In a $50,000
coffln. The walls of the mausoleum are
Mve feet thick and the massive gates are
double locked to prevent grave robbery.
The knockers on tne doors are solid gold.
The medallions on the coffin cost $5000
each.
Execution Date Changed.
SAN JOSE. May 18.— Judge Lorigan this
morning reset the date for the execution
of Thomas Flannelly, the Redwood Citv
man who killed hl« father, for June 29
Attorney L. P. Boardman, who repre
sents Flannelly, made the same objec
tions to the proceedings ns he made in
tho Durrant case which were overruled
Flannelly will be sent back to San Quen
tln at once. :- . v, : .
MILLIONS LEFT TO HER
COACHMAN HUSBAND
RUNAWAY LOVER
IS IN HONOLULU
OAKLAND. May IS.— Julia A. Calhoun,
who Is suing Fred Wundenberg for
breach of promise, is having considerable
trouble in serving a summons on the de
fendant. Judge Ellsworth has set aside
the summons returned on the ground
that It had not been legally served. Wun
denberg Is now in Honolulu, and the
plaintiff fears that he may depart before
the summons reaches him.
NOT ENOUGH MONEY
TO PAY LEGACIES
OAKI^AND, May IS. — It has been found
that the estate of the late William New
ton Meeks, who died in 1897. is insufficient
to pay several legacies for which pro
vision was made in the will. Constance
A. and Blanche T. Meeks, the executrices
of the will, have petitioned' for a decree
that the Fabiola Hospital of Oakland and
the Protestant Orphan Asylum of San
Francisco receive not more than a third
Of the estate, as provided by law. Origi
nally tho Fabiola was left $1000 and the
asylum $4000, but there is a v balance of
only $4987 42 in the estate, and they will
receive but $430 and $11500 respectively.
The executricef ask that the remaining
two-thirds be distributed among Mary s.
Haydock and Washington and Laura
S. Meek.
OAKLAND. May 18.— John Finnig^n,
¦who is employed as' a janitor in a down
town office building and who resides at
1502 Broadway, was struck last evening
by an electric car of the Mountain View
branch of the Oakland Transit Company
at Nineteenth street and Broadway, and
so severely Injured that death may ensue.
Flnnlgan is 65 years old and deaf. He
did not hear the car approach. He was
rolled for gome distance, when he was
picked up and taken to his home, where
it was found that his skull was frac
tured and his rinht leg and three ribs
broken.
SERIOUSLY INJURED
BY AN ELECTRIC CAR
BERKELEY. May 18.— The class of '91,
University of California, will have a re
union In a San Francisco restaurant to
morrow evening. This class introduced
the cane rush. At that time the" fresh
man and sophomore, classes had rushes,
as they -do to-day, except that if the
freshmen were able to wrest the canes
from the Eophomores they were permitted
to carry them the next year. Because of
faculty rule at that time cane rushing
was prohibited and the sophomores per
mitted to carry .eanes in peace.
Reunion of Class of '91.
At a meeting of parishioners of Mission
Dolores parish; held last night, it .was de
cided to hold the annual ' picnic at • Mira
bel Park, on Wednesday. June 20. The
committee appointed to select the grounds
conelPted of Rev. J. A. Conway. chair
man: E.J. McGuire," Thomaa Quinn. Jack
Crowley, J. McAvoy and P. Cavanaugh.
Mission Dolores Picnic.
H M. Firman, George R. Armstrong, E.
M Moores*. \V. \V. Stocker. <". H. Mor
gan. Charles S. True, Durr Noble. \V. II.
Smith. W. H. Scholl. Genrge Humphries,
B H Nagle. A. S. Hubbard. T. K. Moore.
Commandery Hall In the Masonic Tem-
P";e •vias crowded last night with Knights
j Templar assembled to witness the lnstal
i 'aticn of the fleeted and appointed offl
j cers of California Commandery No. 1.
| Knights Temp'ar. for the current Tem
j p'.ar jreaq The Installing officer was John
Tonnir.gsen, E. C. and the new officers
Inducted into, office are: \V. H. F. Titus,
eminent commander; Carroll Cook, gen
era HsFjmo; Henry B. Ream, captain
| general; G. H. I'mbsen, senior warden;
I Charles W. Decker, junior warden; E. B.
J Church, prelate; Thomas Morton, treas
urer; Hiram T. Graves, recorder; H. "W.
Westplial. standard bearer; B. N. Row
ley, swordbearer; J. F. Logan, warder;
G. \V. Perkins, eentlnel (third term):
Ralph L; F. Hat horn, M. Plum. F. H.
Brown, guards; A. A. Batkln. organist;
B. P. Flint. Asa K. Wells and R. P. Hurl
but, trustees.
After the ceremony Rev. W. E. Smith.
j on behalf of the comrna7idery, presented
I tho retiring; commander, John Tonnlng-
I sen, a magnificent jeviel costing J300. A
! crystal berry set was presented to the
wife of the retiring ccmraandar. This 1»
i the first time in the history of the com
¦ mendery that any presents have beett
maxl«* to a person not directly connected
Hith It.
The report for the year shows wonder
j ful change? for the better In the appear
¦ ance of the commandery hall, and for the
! conferring of ihe oraer of the temple and
; of the red cross degree, wrought under
i the direction cf the retiring commander,
i who devoted hie daily attention to the
] commandery. and proved one of the moet
1 active workers it ever had ae lte head.
] The accessions to the body during the year
I were fifty-six companions by being created
j knights and five by affiliation— the great
: est number in one year In the history of
! the commandery. Thefe were seventeen
I deaths, leaving a net gain of forty-four.
The net assets cf th* commandery In
cr.rh and Masonic Hall stock are J25.1S2.
After the work in the upper hail, all
' marched down to King Solcmon Hall.
! where there was served an elaborate ban
j quet. Tho hall wes decorated with flag*
; and potted plants, and was brilliantly 11
! luminated.
The following named \rere Invited to
' take part in the festivities of the even
| ins:
! Gf--inc<» T.. Amej.. Jame? W. Andjrscn. Henry
; A»croft_
WMli&m O. Badger. Mark Birmingham,
i Gcorpe T. Bromley, William H. \.. Barnes. Ro
\ Iaiv1 O. Brown, Henry J. Hums. John A. B*n
| s- n. Katbtnie) J. lir.uan, Jnrafs Y>\ Bnrnham,
¦ Alfred Barker. William R. Hridffo. F'ct*r T.
Barclay. Lyirzn H.-idjr«*. llayif. llnvr.rA
Black. Wi!!inn> H. Birch, •"'-'.in M. Bryi. Uob
e;t Hrser. I'aniPl K. Harger, Thomas H.
Browne. Jsni"i Boyf , Paul Hocttrher. Georpe
W. Bennett ?•*>!*• ««ihlnftoo Uskcr «'har'.es
V.cne. Henry Bohls. John »!fnry Rrunings. Al
1ie<\ Ausunuii Hal kin. iliariiv Bliss. Samurl
BonlfieM, .Tani";' 11. Bennett.
V.'iihani H. Clary. John ("enter, ("harlcs P.
ChfFley. John furry, Walter <\ CampbfSI, John
M. rurtis. Timothy J. Crowley, <^hlvln H.
Crocker, .ltm^s Carroll. John O. Oonra-I. John i
F. Clark. Bitemri B. rhur>~h. Jamea -Alexander (
Christie. John C. Crooks. Edward K. Chapman, i
U IlliHm H. chapmsn, »'arro!l <'r>/ k. Max Clatii:
s»Diii*. John J. Ccrnpbe!!. I>ew-ey Coffin.
ITaltrr r. I>-s:i. Henry U, Iiavis. Charles M.
Dfujcfif-rty. Franklin H. F)ay. Peter Dean.
Thomas B. d» Witt. Mouhray H. Dundas. Wil
liam H. l>avls. Charles William Decker. Benja
m«n H.-I'uncan, (i^orK» \V. Ooi'.gles. Kugene N.
I,e. JlrP y. Peter p. Lull. f5u* Umil Corn. Henry
1-UC8S Pay. fjeorje II. Pyor. John H. Darrh.
Zeaai V. I>fidKe. Bnbert McF. Doble. Rlt-hard
W. I>yrr. Charles Dobler. Richard A. I>omin
gu«r.
CharW E. Kllir.tt. William R. Erk«rt. Dan J.
1 F.<igar. William H. K<lw8r<1i>. An»ei M. Eastern,
I James Wafhinetnn Edward?. J. ManUy Kwintr,
i Arthur W. foster.
BrlUfOTd P. Flint. Henr>- Fisher. John P.
, Fr»ser. Andrew c. Freese. .If.feph Fetz Jr.
Itol^rt K. <Jray. Hiram T. (SraveR. Jame^ R.
j Glover. Brnjamin F. <jarratt. Thomas C. Grant,
j Cbarica K: <ireen. William Adolph Grade. I*aac
: Giant. Ifrnry .1. Orauerhols. James K. Oordon,
I Eugene Gauthier Jr., George F. Gray, Harry W.
: OooJall.
j George C Hlckox. Charle* W. Howard, Henr>
; E. Hinhton. Henjamln >!. HartFhorn. Abra*
j ham HeIhpv. 'Jolin HammoniJ. Hiram M Ham
i ilton. Timothy H :-k:> -.. rynm P. Howpf. Us-
! rence V. Hojreboom. Thnmm R. Horton, Rlch
; aid P. llammon'l Jr.. Heuben P. Hurlbut,
1 Samuel C. Hammond. Edward P. II. a!!, George
' Ihrms, William A. Hal;ted. Uoljert Hodge.
j UHIwix Mathias Hr.ff.er. Adolph Hromada. Or
j son Juttui Hu*-Ktcd. Edward Brooks filndes.
: H<?rnani Jeremiah Horn, Thoma« I»cker Hili,
; Onisr J. Humphrey, Kali h L. F. Hathorn,
Horare Z. Howard, George E. Howe.
William Irwin.
Ge irge K. Jones. Georgp Johnoon. Milo P.
IcSEera, <"harle S .lost, Philo D. Jeweit. Willlem
H. Jones. Martin Jones, Mathias Johnson. Wll
! liam Reinhart .loFt. Charles H. J.'iokson.
! John E. KiiraM. Henry Kenitrer, Joseph L.
| King. Thomas Kyle. Curtis «. Kenyon. John
I F. Kennedy. Anfm Kreig, Henry Kohler.
' Gecree A. Knieht. Anton F. Korbel. George D.
Kort«. fhsrlen J. King-. Gurstav Kartschoke.
[ James W. Keyston, William Kldston.
William H. Ljron, Joseph M. Utch<1pl<]. Kpu
ben H. Uoyd, John l^ep. William T. Kittle,
John T. l>">ng. (teorge I^evigton. George E.
UtUc J«mei> F. I>ogan. Joseph Hltrht Uttle
fleld, Juliua AVUIiams Lowe. 1, ,uiH Albert L«r
«'n, Curtl« Holbro^k Undley. Samuel J. Lank.
Frank B. I^idd, Daniel M. I^awrence. John I>»e
Jr., Hartland Uw. Jacob C. I^eibold. Mllburn
H. Lr»ean. John C I>. I-arkman.
Minor P. Martin, Henry E. Mathewn. Wilfred
; W. Montarue, Stewart Menxles. David B. Ma
g*e, Daniel MrCrpflry, Alexander Martin. Hugh
K. McJunkin. William H. Miner. William Mac
donald, Frank \V. Marvin. William \V. Morrow,
William F. MrXutt. William W. Mitchell. An-
Crm Mrx-ire. Robert S. Moore. William MeCnr
mirk, Charles A. Meyueeten. William S. Moseg.
John McAllister. William H. Mayp. John II.
McKay. William E. Miles, Thomaa Morton.
Christopher C. Morehouse, James McCrQ?Fan,
Samuel A. McDonnell. Frederkk 0, Morgan,
Samuel Green Murphy. Char!»« Cadw«1l Moore,
Andrew MrRlroy. Jameii MeNab. John O.
Motaghan. Robert H. Morrow. A'monrt R.
Morrow, Robert W. Madden. Kdwarrt O. Mac-
Haln, Frank \V. Marston. Jameg MacMullen,
Adolr.h Meyer, William Mooser, John Alfred
; Marsh.
Imnle-1 Norcroos. Charles S. Neal. Henry G.
Newhall. Ednin W. Newhnll. George F. Neal.
Christian H. F. Xeuhaus. Edward Adolph Xolt
ing, George H. Newman. Thomas II. S'icholln.
ThomaK M. O'Connor. Thomaa V. O'Brien.
John L. Prior, Henry H. Pearson. Edward B.
Partridge, tklward R. Potter, Edgar E. Pres
ton. George M. Perine. Rlrhard S. Polantrl.
Arthur L. I*lper, Sajiford Plummer. Warren R.
Payne. John Phair, George W. Perkins.
William M. Kundcll, Jerome It. Richardson,
Rue! U. Bobbins, CoiTflius P. noblnnon.
Charles W. Richards, John A. Russell. John
F. Rlley. Arthur Rodgers. Thomas D. Rlordan,
Henry, B. Rubs, Evan L. Reese. Henry Ilelden
Ream. Louis A. Robinson, Ulrlch Remensper
ger. Bralnarn N. Rowley.
James P. Sargent. David D. Shattuck, Albion
W. Starbird. Jogeph Schoder. Augustus W.
Stoddart. Ebenerer Bcott, William A. Stark,
Albert W. Beott. Phllipp Selbel. William M. A.
Schreiber. Charles W. S!a^-k. John L. M. Khet
terly, Henry J- Smith, William E. fj.mltn.
Emory E. Smith. Samuel Morgan Shortfldge,
Adolph Gcorg Schetr.Pl, William H. Rnedaker,
John D. Spreckels, Robert %V. Rmlth. George H.
Piebe. Charles C. Stallman. Edward J. Sher
wln. Michael J. Savage. Samuel F. Enow, John
C. Skinner. John K. Sehlingman.
George H. Thompson, CTiarlf* H. Tilton, WI1-'
llam S. Taylor. William H. F. Titus, Itobm J.
T>-con. Jampg Ti*on. John C. Terry. Barthn.
Nii-hoiai" Trobock, John Tonnlngpen. Charles W.
Taber. James M. Troutt, Philip S. Teller, Al
bert Miles Taylor.
Oustave II. Urobsen. ,
Frederick W. Van Slcklen, Alexey W. von
Schmidt, Henry Van Hergen.
Henry F. Williamp. Otis F. Wllley. Charles J.
Willed' Theodore F\ C. Wagner. Charles A.
Warren An R. Wells, John H. Wise. Milton
A Wheaton -Ruepeli J. Wilson. Alonzo A.
Watkln* Charles H. Wllnon, Daniel A. Wil
liams Andrew Wllkle. Henry Wllllamiion. Emll
¦Wuenne. George E. Walk. Henry W. Weatphal.
Otto F". Westphal, Clarence T. 'Wendell, George
William J. Tounyer. John Shaw Tounjer,
Charles B. York.
Among the visitors who were enter
tained were: Theodore B. Kent. C. H.
Owlnn G. 'VV. Dower, Joseph Knowland.
A K P. Blither, T. H. E. O'Donnell. C5
O' Johnson, F. R. Green, W, H. Craig, E.
S Edwards, E. L. Gage, D. M. Lawrence,
Carl Hagan, Sam D. Mayer, E. J, Bozel,
A \V Gear, G. S. Clark, Theodore'Relch
ert. Henry Knlest. Andrew McL-aujrhlln,
R. O. Bmnch, B. 8. More. F. B. Marchant.
R C. Croft, W. T. Perkins. S. H. Per
kins. H. C. Hubbard, W. F. Waterson, J,
V Pike G. Serviss, C. H. Lovace, T.
Lockwoort, T. M. Shaw. C. M. Haskell. B.
Mauzr.'A. B. von Wefelsburt. A. McKay.
Ppectal Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 18.-
Davld Starr Jordan as president of
the California Academy of Sciences
to-day announced the appointment
of Alfred L. Kroeber of Columbia Uni
versity. N. Y., to he curator of anthrop
ology in the California Academy of Sci
ences. It is designed by the council of
the academy to do all that is possible
by means of this curatorshlp to preserve
the faxt disappearing remains of tho na
tive races of this const. Mr. Kroeber
has been an- apristant at the United
States Bureau of Ethnology and has pub
lished a number of papers on the lan
guages and customs of the Eskimos In
Alaska. He Is one of the best trained
anthropotoglsts In the United States and
should prove a valuable addition to the
scientific societies of the coast, as well
as to the staff of the academy.
J. E. McDowell, who for the past three
years has been assistant to the registrar
has been made assistant registrar. The
promotion comes as. a well-doserved
honor to Mr. McDowell, who has made
an enviable record as an official while
stlH an undergraduate.
Frank A. Fetter, professor of econom
ics, has completed his work at the uni
versity for the year and departed for the
East, where he will spend a year's leave
of absence studying the economic and
sociological conditions of the masses in
the larger cities.
Professor William R. Dudley, head of
the botany department, will lecture next
Tuesday evening on the "The Big Trees
of the Forest Reserves of California"
The lecture will be Illustrated by sterc
optlcon views taken by Professor Dudley
while he was making a study of the tim
ber of the high Sierras.
Reduced Railroad Rates.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 18— Taking effect
July 1. the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company ¦will reduce Its local passenger
rates In Oregon and AVashlngrton from 4 to
3 cents per mile.
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
OAKLAND, May 1?.— The preliminary
Htpps have been taken for the formation
of a club to be composed of graduates of
the University of California resident In
Oakland. John W. Stetson has been
elected temporary president, and Bernard
Miller temporary secretary. A commlt
tre composed of P. K. Bowles. Clarence
Crowell and Charles S. (Ireen has been
appointed to draw up a constitution and
by-laws. This is in line with the recom
mendation made at the last charter day
of the university that such clubs be or
ganized In each city In the State. It Is
proposed to meet four times a year for
a dinner and the reading of papers, the
fir?t dinner to be given the first Friday
In June.
OAKLAND FORMS A
UNIVERSITY CLUB
Fannie Ward has captured "Diamond Joe" Lewis, the South African diamond
dealer, rival in generosity and ostentation to the lato Barney Barnato.
Miss Ward— or rather Mrs. "Diamond Joe" Lewis— will bo ivmf>mnpr.-'d as the
oripinil Cupid in Dave Henderson's "Sinbad." She waf= full of vim ar.d bounce
in thoFe days, little mure than a child— in years— and with h's. blue eye* and
a wealth of hair. She was the particular and dearest friend (if Nina Karrinp:
ton. and with th<* Fame vivid prospects In store. It was she that wound up the
first dance of young "Duke" Brown, son of the commodore of the New York
Yacht Dub.
Mlsa Ward astonished New York one morning by suing voting Brown for
hrpaoh of promise. The case, however, never came to trial, for the commodore
is paid to have settled by a cash payment. It was determined on that occasion
that Miss Ward had oloped with the youth, but 1hat ?he had left him when his
father cut off his allowance..
"Diamond Joe" L/wls started with 0. and since then has managed to add
seven other figures to It. His wealth to-day Is said to be in the neighborhood' of
SS5,<XX>J000, hut he frankly confesses that he never counted up and doesn't know
himself. His attentions to Miss Ward began by starring her In "Lord and Lady
Al^y." In which she made a hit and some morfey. Mrs. Ward, who is known to
her dear friends as "Mamma," has accompanied her daughter through her suc
cesfes; and is said to have arranged the match with "Diamond Joe" in a very
able manner.
Mrs. "Diamond Joe" says she expects to make her ncme in England, but that
she may visit America again.
FANNIE WARD
OAKTxANT), May IS.— The first of a se
ries of entertainments to purround the
commencement pxcrripps at Mills College
was given at th<» college this ev-nlnp. It
was the rhetorical recital ctvrn under the
direction of Miss Edith Morrill Howe. The
following programme was delightfully
rendered:
Orchestra. (1) ".'Mars' arid Stripes Fnr»v*r"
(Sousa), <2i "Oh. MtO Kernaudo" tr>oniz«"tM>.
(3) "L'Andnlour.e" i Monti >: "A FpIIih" Fate"
(Anna Brown), Mins <'>sie HinRPr: 'The Rajput
Nurse" (Edwin ArnoMt. Mips Pflla Nml: "An
Honest Soul" iMary Wilklns). M!ss Lola Mars
ton: extracts from "Hr. Sevler" <<)por£<? W.
Cable'*. Miss A!i<-f Justin; orchestra, M) "Re
nato Valz»r" (BMlTisrlii*. (!) "Sfr^nata I/>ra
harfa'-r^C Oraziani-WaltPr). (3) "Mills <V>I
!epr<» Waltz" ( Rorro I_irujn): "By the Turret
Stair" M'lintcn Scnllnrd). "Th» I>t.<1 I^tter"
'Austin Dcibnon). Miss I,oH M<*I<e!llp««: "As
lh» Moon Rose" (Pa'Jline riielp*). MiF» Hen
rietta Davtn: "Ever So Fur Away" (Von
Hoylc). "Mrs. Hritz*Miho»IT'?r's Troubles"
ffSenre* Kyle). Misi I>atrlce Ha'larher: "The
1'nrk Killer" (Alfred Olllvant). Miss Imogen-
Haw-try; orchrytrfl, .'•po Re Me Fh" tPlranl).
m«nb»rs <•( AIlllo Collepe Orohewtrn. MIwm
Klnlev. Hotliin. JlrN^ar. Zimmerman. Potts,
Kline, Miller, Wolf, MrCgllough and Goodman,
I'rofetsor Hocco Lara]a. conductor.
RHETORICAL RECITAL.
AT MILLS COLLEGE
COMBINATION
IS TO FIGHT
COMBINATION
Alameda County Fruit Grow
ers Enthusiastic Over
Organization.
Eidiculously Low Price Offered by
Canners for Cherries Arouses Those
Engaged in the Industry in
Alameda County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May IS.
The fruit growers of San t.eandro are
very much determined in regard to the
organization of a growers* association at
the general meeting called for Saturday
nlght. The fact that a few offers for
cherries have been made and that these
offers have confirmed the worst fears of
the growers has stimulated interest in the
proposed organization.
The cause cf this move was the grow
ing tear that the canneries would force
prices down, and when a few offers did
come and were at the rate of 2Vfc cents a
pound the growers decided that their
cause was a just one and that they would
have to organize to save themselves. The
final Bteps in the organization will be
taken at Saturday's meeting. Everybody
from Elrnhurst to Haywards has been in
vited to attend. All of the large growers
have said that they would be present.
It is claimed by the growers that the
price offered for the fruit will not pay
the expense of picking, hoxlng'nnd ship
ping, and will leave no profit on the fruit.
Some have gone so far as to say that they
will leave their fruit on the trees rather
than pick it at the price offered.
No matter what may be. the action of
the fruit men, they are certainly at the
mercy of the cannery combination until
they have completed a counter-organiza
tion. The growers appreciate this, and
that Is what is 'causing the interest In
Saturday's mf eting.
The organization can do but little more
this year than, act as a Dureau of infor
mation. It is expected that it will do
hardly more than keep the members in
formed as to prices and the action of the
canneries, but by the npxt fruit season It
Is expected that the growtrs* combination
will have been perfected to such an extent
that an effort to control the output can
be made with some success. The growers
of San Leandro and the neighborhood are
determined that they will meet combina
tion with combination and that they will
not pick cherries at 2\? cents a pound.
UNITED WORKMEN
SEEKING THEIR
LATE SECRETARY
Was Given Money by the Lodge to
Settle Some Accounts and Im
mediately Dropped Out of
Sight.
¦ BERKEI.F.T. May IS.— To-morrow eve?l»
ins Bt th(> mretiriK of the Paul Revere
Council. Junior Order of United American
Workmen, charges will be preferred
against James C. Sherratt. secretary. Sev
eral weeks ago he -was permitted to draw
a small sum to pay various bills incurred
by him for the order. Since then no ac
counting of the mnney has been made and
no trace of Sherratt.
Some of the officers of the order have
learned unofficially that he is in Dakers
fleld.
The members of the order are reticent
as to the exact nature of the embezzle
ment, if it be one, and refuse to give
any information.
Dr. J. G. Jessup, one of the prominent
members, said that while charges will un
doubtedly be preferred atTainst Sherratt
to-morrow evening he could not give any
information, as the order was secret and
its business not-public. He said, however,
that the secretary bad been given a small
sum of money and had not made the
proper report encernin? It.
Sherratt left his home. 2120 McOiee ave
nue, about two weeks ago without telling
any on«* where he was goinn. I'ntll re
cently he was employed by the telephone
company.
The average man makes a different kind
of a fool of himself each day.
James C. Sherratt of Junior
Order Left With Funds
of Society.
Claim the Madame's Husband Hade
Them Gifts of His Wife's Cloth
ing- and She Is Seeking
'¦'¦¦¦': '¦¦ Revenge.
» . .
AL.AMEPA. May 18.— Spltework. plain
ordinary spttework, declare two ynunc
women — Mn. Louise Kelso and Miss Mary
Hilflorn— who were arrested to-day on
charges of embezzlement at the Instance
of Madame Annette Louise Harbldge-
Marlstany, who used to be proprietor of a
cloak establishment In Alameda. until her
aged, capitalistic husband Inadvertently
sold her out. Why Mme. Harbidge-Maris
tany should vent her spite on tier Mrs.
Kelso does not know, unless it. is that she
is jealous of her for accepting gifts from
Maristany during his wife's absence In the
East.
Both fair victims vow vengeance on
Mme. Harbidse-Marlstany when they
have cleared their skirts of the charges.
Mrs. Kelso would tear her to pieces be
cause she suffered the humiliation of in
carceration in a dark cell in the City Jail,
while Miss Hilborn is for forcing her perse
cutor tr» ride on one of the kangaroo nar
row-gauge engines" until death overtakes
her. The former is charged with felony
embezzlement for making way. as alleged,
with $150 wV>rth of Mme. Ilarblrtse-Mnrts
tany's goods while in her employ. While
the latter was acting as cashier for the
madame she is alleged to have failed to
turn over $23 she collected and a misde
meanor charge is placed against her
name. Ball was furnished for the women
this afternoon.
SPITEWORK, SAY
WOMEN ACCUSED
OF PILFERING
Mme. Maristany Causes Ar
rest of Her Former
Employes.
PAPA JEFFRIES
IS A SPORT
FOR A NIGHT
FANNIE WARD MARRIED
TO "DIAMOND JOE" LEWIS
and a Banquet
KNIGHTS OF THE
TEMPLE INSTALL
NEW OFFICIALS
California Commandery Has
Impressive Ceremony
Superb Jewel Presented to John Tott»
ningsen, Retiring Head, in Token
of Services Rendered to
the Organization.
THE SAN FRAXC1SCO CALL,. SATURDAY, MAY. 19, 19OO.
"If I cay," eaid the teacher, "the pupil
loves hi? teacher, what sort of a sen
tence in that?" "Sarcastic." said the
boy.— Tit-Bit*.
TRANSLATION
culated in Luzon
Of the Bible Into Filipino Dialect Cir-
A r.fw method of circulating: the Bible
¦ Tnorsp the natives of the Philippine Js.1
»nd« is proj^-ctci by the American BiMe
Society. Instead of depending on mission
*rifs from the United States, a native
la«ralrp and a native Pangaslnan are to
be employed tn Ro i n to the Interior of the
country. The Frrlptures are now in prog
ress of translation into the curious dia
lecte of the Inlanders. The Bible Society
if pushing the- work forward with all pos
sible rapidity. The work already under
taKen comprises the dialects of the T«iga
los. Panjja«!nans and Viscayans. Scholars
are studying the other dialects. These
translator* will be the flm to make a
written language of many Filipino ver
naculars.
Another plan of work in the Philippines
which the society has in view Is a scheme
for distributing Bibles emon* the ships
that come into Manila harbor. This Idea
Is pupgrested by the plan already in eftect-
Ive operation In Port Said harbor
All this work in the Philippines Is un ler
the control of the secretaries of the Amer
ican Bible Society, whose office Is in New
York. They have Just received the fli.'t
report of Rev. Jay C. Goodrich, who w.ts
Bent from New York to undertake the dif^
tributi<-n of Bibles and Testaments aud
he is alreadv at work.
Guilty of Bigamy.
FAN BERNARDINO. May IS.-Tn the
case of th« people vs. Hleronymus Hart
roar.n. the Jury returned a verdict of
fjJHj- of biparay after having been out
f.ve hours. Hartmann Jived with Mary
Powers Hartmann from 1W>3 to 1S97, when
he separated from her and divided up his
property with her and married another
woman. llary Powers Hartmann satf
the was married to the defendant su
Camp Cody in the pre?enc« of witnesses,
one of whom, Lafayette Mercham, cor
roborated her statement. Hartmann said
it «•«« merely a contract of cohabitation
and that there was no ceremony. The.
parties have all been well known In this
county for thirty years.
11
Finds His Sons in Malachi
Hogan's Chicago
Resort.
Introduced to the Elite of the Fra
ternity, Buys Drinks and Im
bibes Quentitdrs of
Lemonade.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(T700 tons burden)
F. WARREN. lUater.
— FOR —
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 23, 1900.
Th« paaaenBers* accommodations hav« be«n
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. Any person con-
nected with Mr. Lane acd golns north la hli
employ will call at onc« room 4. 23 Market
¦t., and Inquire about passage and freight.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt Undine at U»»lr
destination.
For p««*«fe. frelrtat. cold stone* or Informa-
tion apply at once to ;..:..
J. J v HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Rm. 6.
. Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAX TTtANCISCO
DIRECT FOR
THE WELL-KNOWN ALASKA FLTER.
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
Positive Sailing
WEDNESDAY MAT 30TH
S. S. ZEALANDIA
First Bailing MONDAT. MAT 213T
From Pacinc-«t. Dock at S O'clock Sharp.
Second Sailing (approximate) JUNE STH
Parcel Express to All Points.
For freleht and passenger rates apply office.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
139 POST STREET.
CAPE NOME!
> few First and Second Class Tickets left on
the Ocean Liner "VICTORIA. '* 3302 registered
tons, for OAPE NOME, at OTTINGER'S
TICKET OFFICE, «!0 Market street.
NOME 1
SCHOONER JULIA E. WHALEX.'V =.
(At Howard 3).
', WILL. SAIL ABOUT MAT 23.
' For freight and passage apply on board or
2 California St.. cr at mill. C13 Third st.
C0KPA9NIZ (ENEBALE TBAKSATLASTIQtrS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. .^^
Salllr.ir every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 1. ISM. at ->»*wh»
, 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Klver. foot of
Morton at. L'AQUITAINE. May U: LA TOU-
RAINE, May 31; LA BRETAGNE. June 7: LA
LOKRAINE. June 14. First class to Havre.
{60 and upward; S p<*r cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $13; S per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 13
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agent*. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. Ban Frmndsco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLTMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing;, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICANJL.INE. 37 B'dw'y. X. Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO-. G«n. Astts. for Pacific Coast,
401 California St., corner Sansome. S. F. *
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
V«5!* i «i fc . or Ala*kan port*— 11 *. m..
r«'?Sfck Ma y 21 - 28 . '1. Juni- 5. Chan**
|*JM^^^»jj. to company's steamer* at
Rrf^Srl^l For v !c<Prta. Vancouv»r fB.
iBWk^.'IMl1 C). Port Townsend. Feat?:-.
I Tacoma, Kv»rett. Anarortet
and N>w Whatcom (Wash. >—
11 a. m.. May 21. 18. SI. Juns
5. »nd every flfth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's uteamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 10 a. m. May
11. 23, 28. June 2. and every flfth day there-
after.
For Fanta Crnx. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Luis Obispo). Oaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu*n«n», San Pedro
Ka.«t ?an Pedro <Los Aneelea) and Newi>ort—
9 a. m.. May 19. 23. 27, 31. June 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford <San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and R»dondo <Los Angeles) — u «.
m.. May 17. II. 25, 29, June 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Maardalena Bay. San Jos<« det
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. t-a Pa>. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information . obtain company's,
folders.
The company reserves the right to ehanr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrevioti* notice.
TICKKT OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace listen.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & IV. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp«ar-street wharf at 11 a. ra.
PARC $'2 First Class Including Berth
rnnt $3 Second Clas» and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 23. Juno S
COLUMBIA SAILS May IS. 2S. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In th<? Northwest-
Through tickets to ail points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market .it.
GOODALL, PERKINS £ CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
mew toils, ioutbaxptok. londo*. fasis.
Stopping at Cherbourg;, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Pt. Louis May 23fSt. Louis Jun« 13
New York MaySOJN'ew York Jun* W
St. Paul June J. St. Paul Juno 27
RED STAfl LINE.
New YorK °Qd Antwrers.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ...May M| Frlesland ......June 11
Kensington May 301 Southwark June 3D
Noordland June «! Westernland ...June 27
tMPtRE LINE.
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and Bt
Michael May 21th. Subsequent sailings from
geattl* to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Point*. June 3D, July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information aDDly to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Branntn streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HtoEo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board on day
of tallin;.
63. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. May 18th. 1900
SS. HONGKONO MARK
Thursday. June 14th. lsflO
SS. NIPPON MARU TuwUy. July Mth. 13CO.
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company'* offlc«,
4H Market street, corner Flmt.
W. H. AVERT. General Aer»nt.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HOXOHTT.U. APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
8. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
- Wednesday. May 30. 1900. 2 p. m.
S P. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu* to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed., June 13. S p. m.
J. U. ar-ncCK £ls & tt.tUS. CO.. *yls.. >•* ..ion:3omer|
Piw 7. Foot Pacific St F^mm*"- *?"» M»ric»i st.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U..S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ,
Steamer "Monticello."
MON. Tue».. Wed., Thura. »»ul Sat., a.1 9:45
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 «_ m.. i
p. m. Landlnjr and office. Mlss1on-ttre«t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1309.
FARE Me
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^L^^zgZZ^
Yorr small mmk mm easy
to take «•¦«£*&
SFF f^lDTrtfcl" 18 HEADACHL SFP
3EE I AKlERS FOR DIZZINESS. 3CC
,,„,„„,„ i^STTLE FOR BIUOUSHESS.
6ENDINE nfivER for torpid uver. GENUINE
1 PILLS FOR COHSTIPATiQR.
WRAPPFR M " FOR SALLOW SK1». WPAPPFB
p . i OKNUUVS wot mwjjpnATviin.
"F^IITTEIID ON K,ET3 F^FErE^."
mBnH II bI^9e9 au !¦ *^9 s9 H flrjiiB iuSS ** Kb 62^
ror Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
For Disordered Stomach
NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
GET THE GENUINE*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1900.
12
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN 4 DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SAN FRANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE:
next session begins June 11; catalogue upon
application. DR. E. J. CREELY, Dean, 510
Golden Gate ave.
CARLOAD well-bred, gentle horses; very
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721-723
Howard st.
WANTED— Good horse, harness and buggy In
exchange for piano. BYRON MAUZY. 303
Post st.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent., 605 Oolden Gate av.
FOR SALJ3 — Good draught horse, wagon and
harness. Apply at 1S04 Market st.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st. : Castro-st. cars pass the door.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE 92C Washington St.. for rent or sale.
Apply to J. C. WAGNER. Ahlborn House.
HOUSES TO LET FimXISIIEIK
ELEGANT furnished flat. 7 rooms; piano; gas
and coal stove. 713 Grove st.
LARKSPUR KEAL _J^J^X5*
CAMP ground to rent at Larkspur up the can-
yon. Apply to C. A. HOLM.
LOST A.VO FOU.VD.
LOST— From~"223 Capp St.. brown and white
terrier: "Bummer, Philippine Isl," on collar;
reward.
LOST— A gold link bangle on broad-gauge local.
May 9. Address 62S Jones St., Oakland: re-
ward.
- MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' phy-
tician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure $S; have treated thousands of
cases with success: 15 years' practice Jn S. F.:
maternity home; low fees. 1007 Vi Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; »afe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cares successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023H Market st. .
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
offlce, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lurkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladies' specialist— Treat-
ment at 'office. $5; consultation free. 1122
Market St., between Mason and Taylor; offlce
hours, 9 to 5; Sundays. 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market; ladies' spe-
clalist: treatment at offlce. $5: consultation
free; hours 10 to 3. Phone Jessie 257.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat^
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; terms
reasonable. 828 Castro St.. near 7th. Oakland.
DR. NO TOY KEE, late of Canton. China: dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny;advice free.
NICE reliable home' for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private home
in confinement for ladles. 610 Eddy et.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER— Private home
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
<*ases of the human body. 115 Mason Et.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21G Spear St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on han<l;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1Q17, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
FIXE large safe and fixtures, suitable for Jew-
elry business. MINT LOAN OFFICE. 14
Fifth st.
FINE, eweet. strong ballroom violin cheap. 162
Jessie St.. near Palace Hotel; ring- bell.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid, $3 23; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice th«
price could buy no better; mail orders solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO., IS Montgomery.
DOUBLE team express wagon for sale cheap;
capacity £000 pounds. Inquire M. STELLING,
coal yard. SE. cor. Seventeenth and Church.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. »2 73. MfSFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND force pump with piping; good
' order for windmill. 512 Gough st.
FINK new launch hull cheap for cash: enjrin«
¦ If ueslred. H. T. Bradley. 364 11th, Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo suQpIies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTEIt, 613 Examiner bldg.
8-POUND steel T rail for sale cheap. BURN-
STLVE BROS.. 534-538 Brannan st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
Portland Loan Offlce. 2o Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand: moving
Pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post Bt.
BARBER fixtures and rurnlture; 2-chalr outfit
complete; must be sold at once at a sacrifice.
Inquire room 614, Call bide.
AUTOMATIC Wlllcox & Glbbs sewing machine;
good order: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St.,
near Fifteenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
S33 Market St.. San Francisco.
6 SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand, in good
condition, for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. Sth and 10th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers: iathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California St.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4:3 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main St.
SAFES — New nnd second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. -220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS W.VXTS.
WANTED—3 soda tanks. 136 Ellis st.
SECOND-HAND safe, suitable for country
bank. Address F. A. P.. U. S. Mint. city.
WANTED— Second-hand • upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
ANY proposition, any amount ;VperTenP~7irsT
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. G E.
OLSEN. room 16. flrst floor. Chronicle bid g.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my term* before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advancm oAdiamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. BaldwinVIewelry Store, S4C Market
st.; M. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Offlce. 14
Fifth «t.. are tmnsft-rred to W. J. Hesthal
10 Sixth ft.. wh«re the business will be con-
tlnued. T. LUBKLSKI.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture cr pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W.- J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal:* low rates; confidential.
BONELI.I, Conservatory bldR.. 130 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny .St., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 933.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
6S and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 14 per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER,
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
WANTED— At once. Improved Income city
property. $1506 to $5000. for cash, at SPECK
& CO.'S. 667 Market st.
MOXEY loaned ralarled people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
*TO salaried people •' without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. $21 Parrott big.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
, ,n mi , ,,-.r..-..-i i ¦¦i.. l ... ..¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ -ii. -¦-¦-- ¦ ¦
CASH loaned to salaried people en note without
tndorscr. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortg*. :
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planes, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. IIS McAllister.
IF your property Is mTtjrnired a nd you need
more money s»e H. MURPHY. 63) Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
2irSlC.lL l.\STUU3IBAT!».
AS we retirement the best make of pianos fcl
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, ami as our installment y ray-
ments are easier than these of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new uprisht pianos. $rt cash. $6 per
month: other pianos $2. St and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny ar.d Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of beautiful new style Deckers
Just received; parties who have been waitln*
for the?e will do well to call at once. MAU-
VAI3. 763 Market st.
A FINE Packard piano was sold recently to th»
Berkeley Hall Association, I. O. O. F.. by
_t!.e MACVA1S MUSIC CO.. 769 Mark«t st.
IT U not wise to throw away money on a sec-
ond-hand Instrument when you can Ket »
fine pew one so cheap at MAUVAIS. 763 Mar-
ket st.
A NUMBER of exceptional bargains: Weber.
Vose, Chickering, Sterling, Fischer; $75 uj>;
easy payments".
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicaen Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 20 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all arrad**
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing cosslble done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
WANTED — Ten square pianos and six organs
for country schools. BYRON MAUZY. 3C«
Pest «t. ¦
$150 CASH will purchase a fine upright: call
at once. 10C1 Van Ness ave.. room 7.
FOR sale— A nice Decker piano. $S0. Room 13,
Flood building.
SECOND upright for sale very cheap. Plano>
factory, cor. Market. 14th and Church: 8:15- •
A STEINWAY. $165: installments $3. $3. $7. J10;
rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 126 Ellis st.
EOHMER Jk CO.. Eyron Mauzy Pianos. 33S to
312 Post st.
A FEW days only — New pianos. $2 ".0 per ir.o.
FCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 56) Hayes st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
W. O. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. a*er.t for
Francis Kacon and Hallett & Davi? pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. cM and now. II.
JiULLER. maker, repairer. 2 l^atham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th<»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. *
OIL.
IF you are buying oil etock you better read our
folder. "How to Judge an Oil Company":
mailed free en application. The International
Investments Co.. Henne bide Los Angeles.
TALMISTIIY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain Colle«» oC
Palmlmry: reads 1 to S. 81« Oeary. nr. Jon»«.
~ PEUSO.NALS.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. ANNIE A. LOD3.
GEO. L. LOPS. May 18. 1300.
A CHANCE for lady or gentleman going to
Paris: I crossed the continent 5 times; ther»
In 1S93; London and Paris: in business In this
city 25 years: references good. Kor ten days
call or address 622 Stanyan St.. near Park.
Ean Francisco.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, doesn't
make it a tx>tnt to chareo extra for fancy or
elaborate hairdressing; that which suits your
style only 25c. 122 Stockton st.
I MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
vice. SIO Market St.. second floor, room 37.
' LEDEKER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic. 3T.C bottle.
! and his Foarao Jfhampoo. 5c package, are th»
best sellers because fine. 123 Stockton st.
j FULL-DRESS and other suits bought: alao old
gold. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st-.
between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $150 t>er nlg-ht; $1 £0 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confidential; secrets
Inviolate. Address box 490. Call offlce
LADIES' and gents' cast-eft clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
$5 PHOTOS at $2 per dozen at FOWZER'S.
1143 Market St.. near Taylor.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using; Tal-
cott's Curllmr Fluid; 23c bottle: druggist*.
CAST-OFF clothing, old goM and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S. SCo Kearny St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off clothlns
call on B. COHEN, 137 Third; tel. Black 4123.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHOTOGltAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary St.. ground floor.
PHYSICIANS AND Sl'RGEO.VS.
DrTc. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence)
1021Vi Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHaOXIC diseases treated; cures guaranteed.
DB. GORDIN. Sanitarium. EH Pin« st.
.DR. STYAN'S Rhfumatlsm Cure, Jl; free to
poor every Wednesday. 36 Geary st.
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOIl S.VL.B.
$.2230— A GOOD Investment; rents $29 the month;
Rausch. near Folaom; lot 20x112.
$2250— A sacrifice; lot 25x100: 6 rooms, bath,
and high basement: Fourth ave., near Point
Lobos.
$3XiO— A good opportunity; Francisco, near
Stockton; 2-story, 7-room house and lot.
Apply R. McCOLOAN,
24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
MUST be sold at once to- close an estate: no
reasonable offer refused: lot 25x110; house S
rooms and bath: bitumen street; cement side-
walk; Twentieth st.. near Guerrero. Apply
R. McCOLGAN*. 24 Montgomery St., room I
$7000— A BARGAIN; three elegant modern flats:
lot 25x100; marine view; rents $SO per month;
Jones, near Filbert. Apply R. McCOLQAN.
24 Montgomery »t., room 3. v->..-
$13,000— FIXE Western Addition business corner
on Ellis st. ; 374 feet frontage, running to >
rear street: rents $100; owner going to Phlllp-
only? ' SCOTT** SaRRIS. '*> Post st.^ **
$6130— RARE chance: Mason-st. corner: J-story
bay-window building and 2-story building:
rent $62 per month: lot 20*S3:10 with L.; al-
ways rented. Inquire at 1011 Mason st.
IF you have property north of the Park, or
Homer's Addition and the Mission, that you
want to dispose of. then call on W. J.
GUNN. 520 California st.
BNAP for people moderate means: housw of 1
flats. 4 rcoms and bath each: Jones st. ; rent
J2S month: no agents: $2SC0. Inquire SOS A 10th.
ffODEHN houses and fiats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work.' CAMPBKLL. 1147 Mission st.
REAL ESTATE — COCSTRY — Fur Sals
MUST BE SOLD
TO CLOSE PARTN-ETRSHIP.
17 acres choice land In Sonoma County, unim-
proved; also 20 acres, with about 12 acres
young orchard, flowing well, small house and
barn. Rood ffftces. chicken houses, etc; will
Fell separately or togather. Apply (forenoon)
Owner. 102 Elehth St.. city.
WILL SELL OR EXCHANGE. ~~~~
10 acres; 550 peach. 400 almond. 100 prun»
trees; large crop fruit goes with place; 7-room
modern cottage: stable: Rood well with horse-
power: $4500: $2250 mortgage: exchange for
Oakland property. SALSBCRT. 453 Ninth St..
Oakland.
$2710— DESIRABLE country home; M acr««
choicest fruit land; 1600 almond and SO select
fruit trees. 5 to S years old; new hard-finished
residence; barn; other bldgs: new windmill;
. school: desirable neighborhood: by rail Hi hrs
from S. F. 32 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. S miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
maps, etc.. on O. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cml. st.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of tt»«
30C0 ranches on my sale and exchange list. N.
P. hliRELS. the Land Agent. 10 Geary st.
:. ?* ' V L yyyhJ:™LJi£*hJ£S£JJL~~.
ROSS Valley lots— 50x100. $300. or larger pieces
in proportion: San Rafael water system; fins
view; sprinkled roads; i minutes' walk from
new station of Kent, 10 mllnutes from Ros*
Station: flier and all trains stop at these «ta-
lS°. n «- *PP l y p - ROSS. Kent Station, or C. H.
STAXYAX, 81 Market St.. San Francisco.
SAX LEA.NDK O~REAL ESTATE^
M0«0-OllCHARD of 3 acres, with cottage, b«»T*.
5!&V n £ ar ?*" Leandro. FRANK Sl McCAR.
THY. ban Leandro.
HELP WANTED— MALE. "^ ";
A^-MURRAY & READY...PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE FARE AND $1 OFFICE FEE and no
other expenses to Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara districts; we ship you to-day 9 a, m.
and 5 p. m. for the S. P. R. R.; laborers.
' teamsters, $2 day.
"••••• FARE PAID -
For laborers (no experience necessary) for
the sawmills and woods, $26 to $40 and fare
paid; also 250 woodcheppers and tlemakers.
BIG WAGES— LABORERS FOR MINES.
25 laborers (no experience required)
, $40 to $48 and found
10 muckers, gold mines. .$75 and $60 and found
40 single hand miners t $15
Top carmen, $52 50; tool sharpener. $C0; 150
laborers, city and all parfs of California,
11 75 to $2 50 day; also teamsters. $2 day.
••-... MECHANICAL HELP
Screwtender. $52 and found; 1» blacksmiths.
?60. $43 and $40. $2 50 and $3 50 day; black-
smith's helper. $10 and $12 week
Carpenter, rough work/ $2 50 day
Wagon-maker, boiler-makers, coopers
.MISCELLANEOUS
S butchers, slaughter-house, shop and ranch..
..$20 to $50
Stablemen, buggy washers, hostler $30 & fd
4 farmers and wives $35 and $40 & fd
FARMS-ORCHARDS— DAIRIES
10 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb
$1 35 day
Cheesemaker. see boss here $35 & fd
40 milkers, city and all parts California
$25 to ?3S and found [
Milk wagon drivers, city
125 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
• $25 and $33 i
25 haymakers $30 and $35
Gardeners. $25 and $30; choremen and boys....
20 laborers, Alameda County.... $34 and found
10 laborers, no experience required, large
mining company $34 and found
For numerous other positions come down and
read bill boards : i
MTJRRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. •
A— BAKERS COOKS WAITERS
Cook and wife for the mines, $50 A f d : baker,
country shop. $35 & fd. also helpers; 25 cooks,
restaurants, hotels and boarding-houses. $39
to $60 & fd; Ironers, . country laundries, $25
and $35 & fd; 15 waiters, city and country, $25
; and $30; boy for laundry, elevator boy, etc.;
dishwashers, city and country.
»_ MURRAY & READY. 6S4-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Wanted for the coast railroad free fare
Teamsters ..$2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Free fare free fare
20 railroad laborers for company work, $3
a day. free fare; 10 men to build fences, rail-
road work, $2 a day. free fare; 20 laborers
for sawmills and woods, $30 and found, fares
advanced; 20 laborers, city and vicinity, $1 75
and $2 a day; 20 farmers and milkers, $26
and $30; 20 miners and muckers, $2 and $2 50
a day :
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $75; broiler, $60, hotel, north:
second cook, summer resort, $60; cook and
wife, family hotel. $100; cook and wife, sum-
mer resort, $70; baker, $40; assistant cook.
. $30, for summer resort; third cook, for
springs, $39: pantryman, springs, $25; silver-
' man, country hotel, $25 and fare paid; 20,
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20. $25 and
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— BAKER and pastry cook, hotel, $40 to $30;
assistant pastry cook, hotel, north. $50. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOREMAN for tailoring establishment; coats;
experienced; references. Address box 2361,
Call offlce.
WANTED— A flrst-class barber with references;
must be sober and steady: wages $S per week
and found. Address C. WOLLSTAB. Wads-
worth. Nev.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day; wages $5; also porter wanted. Modern
Barber Shop. 34 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday afrernoons and
Sunday; wages. 1612H Folsom Bt.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715 Davis
street. •
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Call 5:30 p. m. at 1357 Dupont st.
WANTED — A barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1648 Mission at.
W'ANTED— 2 barbers to-day. 737 Mission st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 920
Battery st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1073
Market St., near Seventh. ¦
BARBER for Saturday; wagej $3. 89 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
&56 fourth st.
BARBER wanted at B» Kearny st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday from 12 o'clock.
908H Howard et.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday; good wages
If suit on steady Job. C52 Sacramento st.
ERRAND boy. ROSENBLUM &. ABRAHAM.
11C3 Market st.
GOOD cook to work nights. Chicago Restau-
rant. 13 Sixth st.
BELLBOY wanted at 37 Stockton st.
WAITER or waitrew wanted. 610 Stanyan st.
AN experienced milk-wagon driver wanted.
Call .it 140S Devisadero St., near Geary.
TAILOR wanted to take charge of tailor shop
for 4 months; you get all you take In; cash
' business: a deposit of $50. or will sell on re-
turn from Paris; will pay double: machines,
cloths and trimmings all you want In store;
pleasant place to live; this chance for ten
days. Call or address 622 Stanyan st., near
Park, San Francisco.
WANTED— Man of good character; deliver and
collect for old established manufacturing
house: $900 a year and expenses guaranteed.
Address MANUFACTURER, third floor. 334
Dearborn St., Chicago. i
SMART man with good connection to call on
families; salary and commission; 9 to 11.
Room 4-\» 91(! Market St.
FIRST-CLASS saw flier. Apply at the Cal.
Barrel Co., Illinois and Twenty-second sts.,
Potrero, S. F.
BARBER, young man of steady habits, good
workman, wants situation. S. J., box 2317.
$50 — 2-CHAIR barber shop; must be sold; rent
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; good loca-
tion and business. Box 2777, Call. Oakland.
WANTED— Good fitter at E. MESSAGER'S
Cloak Store, 143 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith on general wagon
and truck work. 128 Spear st.
GET your Bhoes half-soled while .waiting; 25c
to SOc. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BREAD baker wanted. 111-113 Larkln St., near
Grove.
WANTED— Laborers on Belvedere sewer: Tlb-
uron. Apply on work.
LIVE hustlers, accustomed to systematic city
canvassing, can make big money for the
next 30 days. Apply to J. P. MASSIE. room
14, fifth floor. Mills building.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U.. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal., or
C30 K St., Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
institution in the world teaching this trade;
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 6X5
Clay st. ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. G62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— First-class cabinet makers. Home
. Mfg. Co., ESS Brannan st.
WANTED— Practical vinegar maker; state ex-
perience, and vages. Box 235S. Call office. -
WANTED— Blacksmith and shoer; steady Job.
2116 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
WANTED— A French baker at 625 Clay st.
YOUNG man wanted to learn barber trade.
Twenty-rfourth and Sanchez ?ts.
WANTED— Old man; $5 a month. 30 Hannah
St., Watts Tract, Oakland.
WANTED — 2 roo<1 men 'to sell gold saver; call
at once. 1738 Fifteenth st., cor. Guerrero.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln, Reno H6use proprietor, still
; runs 'Denver, House. ; 217 Third St. ;- 150 large
; rooms; 25c. per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st ¦
MEN to learn bartering and halrdresslng at S.
F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S eults to order, tt per w*ek. at
•cash prices. N..Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
I all parts of > world. HERMAN'S, £6 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 'IS
years* practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER 'Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;.:
LINDELL ' House. * corner Sixth and Howard
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to C per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦- received at Call branch offlce, I20O Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
6A.\ FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco '
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until J2 o'clock every night in the year.
HRANCII orriCES— C27 Montgomery street. •
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
M0 Ilaye* street; open until 0:20 p. m.
€29 McAllister street: cpen until 9: JO p. m.
C13 Lorkln ttreet; open until 9:20 p. m.
J'.'41 Mltticn ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
C2SI Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open un- j
til ir, ra. ;
IOC Eleventh rtreet: cpen until 9 p. ra.
1036 Valencia street: cr>en until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twer.ty-s««-coad and Ken- i
tacky meets; cpen until 9 p. m.
MliKTIXti NOTICES. ;
I^ci:L5IOli~Lodge NoTies. F. and A- «
M.-.^l-cif.l meeting THI^ «SATUR- £\
L»AY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Second TI2\
pr.d third desrw*. ' <
MISSION Lodce No.163. F. and A. M.— r-
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) 4\^
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock. Third de->T~
c:t.« tt). C U BUNKER. Sec. w .
THKO E. SMITU. Sec
J-OCAHONTAS Tnt* No. 1!. Imi*!. «S\. 1:
O. R- M.— Tlie f uncial of BrottjcrSJ-'*^-
JOHN A. COOPUR will take place ?wV**
n.t 12:C0 i>. in. SUNDAY, the iuth mst., from .
!;ls lute residence. No. KO Brannan et., near \ .
Second. All Ru-mberH oi the tribe will please
attend, liy order.
SAMUEL STEPHENS. Sachem.
ANNUAL nuetlr.;;— The regular annual meet- t
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Cumpasy will b« held at 327 Market
tt.. Pan Francleeo. California, on MONDAY. •
the 2Slh day of May. 1S00. at the hour of] p. '
m., for the purpose of electing • board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of rpch other business as may ;
come before the meeting. Transfer books will '
close oa i'riday. Mxy IS 1MK>. at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting J
of the stockholders of the Independent Elec-
trick Light and Power Company will be held
at the office of the company. 327 Market «t..
San Franr-isco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 28th .
day rt May. A. U. 1T00. at the hour of 11 „
o'clock «. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board cf directors to serve for the enduing -
year and the transaction of such other bus!- ]
ness as may come before the meeting; trans-
fer book* wl!l close en Friday. May 25. 15KX>.
at 3 o'clock p. m.
J. M. TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED. j
AGKNT. man cr wcrr.&n, to handle new book; ¦ .
yalary ar.d corcmlfslen. Apply Cll Montgomry. j ;
ASTROLOGY.'
rnV'K. A. MjTsiThY of Egypt, prtat-st astroi- ! J
cjrist ar.d palmist in Uie world; satisfaction ! '
rrunrr.Tteei!. " Powell »t. ,
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW. I i
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private; j
no fee without tsu^ce": collections. G. W. i ¦
HOWE, ait'y at law, &0 Market. cor. Stockton. ' •
R. W. KING. H27 Market St., room C27; ail j
cases; no advance charges; call or write. !
ADVICE free; no charjre unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON. K3 Market tt.. opp. Mascn.
L K. CLAHK. Trr.ma SpreckeU bldg.. S-27 Mar- :
ket «=t.: consultation free: no fees in advance, j
MATH CAUl.MiT — HOT AIH. VAPOR, j ]
It'lliINSsON $¦"> 4-panel folding; door opens; firm , .
BTiil yafe. W. S. UROWX. Ken, agt.. 426 Ellis, j '
ULLG1AV UAUES. J
i
A U C T I O N 1
AUCTION! (
A i; C T I O N !
AUCTION!
BF.LGIAN HARES.
SATURDAY. MAY 13, 1900.
At 2 p. m..
BROADWAY (OPPOSITE P^2TOFFICE). <
OAKLAND.
To make room and to get you interested we
Trill offer you bargains. All stock, thoroughbred j
fcr:d full pedigreed: best strains.
AUCTION !
AUCTION! J
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
„ ' j
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
IMPORTED FAPHODA CONQUEROR.
P>y Champion Fa^hoda. out cf doe by Grimby
S-tar, imported expressly to bead our fttud: ]
the only living Image of his celebrated sire; i
Psabpda Conqueror will be bred only to high- j
class does; s»-rvice T5C; fanciers and judges ;
of thoroughbred Belgians are corJiully in- \
vited to visit 1'ashoda Conqueror, the finest i
;¦.-.;•¦: now in America; correspondence eo- !
care of does shipped us by express.
IMPERIAL RABH1TRY, ,
FRUITVALE AVE., FRUITVALE, CAL.
CALIFORNIA UELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
T1ON.
Capital .Stock $20,000. J
IMTORTEP.S. BREEDERS AND JOBBERS. 1
F:«>o;al Discounts ta Dealers.
CaM ar.d examine the largest and best assort- \
me::t of Hares on the Pacific Coast. j -
Y»> puarantee our animals and petllsrees. I '
2*> a»i-. ¦ . .1UFt reeeivfd from England that '
¦rill astonish yen.
GEO. A. YOUNG. Manaifer. :
\Veb«ter-n. Station, J '
Narrow-cauue Railroad. Alameda. j
Tel»rhor>e Grand 1SS1. i j
MRP. A. M IH-PhI "
OFFICIAL SCORER. :
Will b*> nt tfce Ocl.ien Gate Bt-lpian Hare Com- ; •
p3ny'F Rab!)(try. C-'K-fill Golden Gate ave.. Sat- j ,
nrdajr. May IS. from !< a. n. Those desirlnp to i j
fcave their animals scored can secure club rates
hv bringing them to the atxive addrev* on that -
<!af. IRA P-ARKCn DALZIEL.
CHAMPIOK -; .
BELGIAN HARE
FANITAKY HEADQUARTERS.
Nothing tut finest stock for fiale. •
Also. n»i1lc-al Fnuffle «"ure. M»c.
lIWi Putter Pt.. S. F.
THOROUGHnRED Belgian fioet. bred to Royal 3
Sovereign. J!0 to Ki; to Emperor of Norfolk.
J20 to B0; to Alax fhipheM-scoring buck In •
America >. S30 to t50: ycunEsters. all strains 6 •
w«kf. 12 fiO; 10 weeks. $3 :A: S months. 15 and
IT 6«. Kt-iiwrw-d P.al.bitry. r,3<> 14th st.. Oakland. •
CLAREMONT Be; P :an Hare Afsoclatlon— Does '
bred to rafhoda Prirre and Royal Rochdale, i :
J10 t" t:,(-: hey« f train- youngsters. $1 to $15. I
4M6 Tcl^srarh ave.. Oakland. 1 .
LORD FnFhoda Chief, imported March. 1900; j :
score. o:.'-i; fee. t'r.: breeding does and dnes i
with litters. EUREKA RABBITRY, 1C16 Turk. \ '
TREMONT BELOIAN HARE CO. 2134 Fill- '
more Bt.. Pan Franc!«co. Cat. S*nd € cents
ir. ftani'j for bn~k nr: care «nd re*<J|n C .
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchanger.
NEW Cleveland b'.cycles; better than ever; J40.
LEAVITT & I-.ILL. 20S Larkln «t.
GREAT bargains In second-hand bicycles; from
15 up: lend for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 30$
Lprkin m.. Fan Francisco.
BOARDING FOB. CIUL.DKI2X.
CHILD 2 yam up; cunny yard; experienced
M-cir.an. Ml Ca?tro Bt.
HOOKS — XEW A>D OLD.
fcCH.v*!. ROOKM bomtfct 7^<T~'7Zrt^^£
B^-->. t> -t. ,.., - r .. .,...,„„ ., n .,. Th^
BARGAINS. :adles- and children's shc*s:"drumT j
""•"' f«;n;lf« mfg. co*t Koh:heoher. US 4tht
HI SI \ CSS CHA.NCKS. '
A— SUOd; COFFEE saloon; established^ many
years and doing a Umt-class payinc business; !
rent *:uo; choicest location: only two blocks :
HSn r,S. r r " hroI »ci« bide- Particulars R. o.
WILKE. m Market st.
A— tVA; CORNER branch bakery and Krocery.
with 4 UYlnc rooms, on Geary et. : low rent
end cood j'ayinjr business; a rare chance
Call it. G. WILtCE. '.«i Market »t. "
A-S<:4; saloon, with living rooms; e«tab
many yean- and pood paying place; on Six'h
rt.; low rent. CaM R. G. WILKE. !>06 Market.
A— j:*-0: DELICACY and candy store; choicest !
location MlFfloti rt. ; rent S2Z; livlns rooms-
du:Iy receipts S2O; place must be sold at once-
owner to U-?.ve tlie city. Call R. G. WILKe!
* 'A— J5C0: OHOPHOUSE ar.d restaurant- estlt^
:i.-hed :« years: rent J2S; oj>P. R. r. depot- a.
•fpJead'.d chance end a good paying buslres*
rull It. G. WILKE. ;-CC Market ft. " ut " Kess -
A— JfJO; CORNER Ealoon. 1 block from Market
end Stoclitcn «s; net rent 503; a good paying
aiiJ <.]d-estal/nthed business, l'artlcularm R-
O. WILKE. 10« Market St.
A— I4C00: BEST located saloon on Market st- ;
wKh 7 club and ladies' rooms and fine
nrcundy; place Is known over the U. S. and
Kuror* ar.d doing a larrre. profitable business
r«rt:<u;»r« It. G. WILKE. i<Oi Market Et.
A— PARTNER wanted !n the best-paying corner
sa'.oon.connected with club and ladies' rooms;
cholc^n location on Market St.; close to Phe-
lan buIIdlEp; 2 years' lease, with 3 years' op-
tion; rent <19S; a rare chance for the right
party. See B. O. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— j:O00: CORNER ealoon In wholesale district;
no night cr Sunday work; 6 years' lease;
p'.ace kej.-t by owner 11 years and clears above
t3uc j.t-r month; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 1-06 Market *t.
GOOD chance for an ttctlve man: drug business
In a Uve town. Adareas box 23S». Call offlce.
' . ' ' ¦ iiw*iii»< iii raiiiiiii,i,iw^rni,rtli' Hi* mil ¦ Bun, i*nniiMii ,
Bvsnnssi chances — continued.
A— JIOOO^RESTAURANT; hardwood furniture.
Money-maker .;
7 furnished rxoms: owner 6 years; clears $125
month. BTKXIiERG CO.. 335 Market St.
A. STENBERG & CO
PHONE FOLSOM 15«
$2^0 — Branch bakery with sunny rir.s. ; Mission.
j.;:.O — cigar stan<i on Market St.; neeiptn $15.
H.'*— Cor. ETni-cry and bar; owner tli?ro 7 yrs.
A STENBERG CO.. S35 Market St.
A— ?250— LAT'NDRY route clearing K.0 a month;
pood hr.rse anl mronj full investigation and
trial solicited before buying: splendid opportu-
fjnity. JTENBERG CO.. S3G Market St.
A— JCTif'— KESTAl'UANT north of Market; many
years established and co:nrt a flrst-cl.tsa busi-
ners; will bear (nvestlxatlon; owner compelled
tr» kpii. Hcxnesa. BTSMBBRO CO.. P3T. Market.
tSBO STORAGE nr.d ilraying business; larse
burn; Z One horr»s and harness: everything
cumiilete: business on puying basis. KREDO i
A- CO.. 2G Geary Bt. I
$27.".— BRANCH bakery. confectionery and
clpars; party coins: to country; location ex-
cellent; no opposition; a bargain. KREDO &
- CO.. ZK Geary st.
tZZO— A DOWNTOWN restaurant: $30 daliy;
• all for particulars. gBEPO & CO.. 3G Geary.
$::.O— PARTNER wanted: Ucht InJoor business;
will ray over $C0 per month to each yearly.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
A— $300— PARTNER wanted In good paying
buslnn*6; $18 to $25 a week; no experience re-
quired; trial given. ICC Montgomery ave.;
hours 3 to -5 n. m.
A-VO-HOMK bakery; must be eoM: worth $200;
po!r.g to leave; fine trade. Apply 2323 Tweftty-
eecond et., near Valencia.
RESTAURANT; must be sold; party going to
Cape Nome; no reasonable offer refused.
Apply 11S9 Oak st.
$6r,0— BRANCH bakery, laundry and notions;
paper agencj-; present owner C years. Box
1C. 106 Eleventh st.
FOR SALE— First-class ealoon in center of San
Francisco. 644 Clay St., 2 doors from Kearny.
WANTED — To buy good fhoemaklng business;
city or country. Address box 2S69, Call office.
A GOOD-PAYING dairy for sale; no reason-
able offer refused; departure. Box 2334, Call.
FOR sale at a bargain — Grocery store, stock and
fixtures; horse, wagon, etc.: owner retiring on
account of health of his wife. For particulars
apply TILLMANN & BENDEL.
PARTY leaving tlie city has for sale a tin and
copper *hoi>: also steel range; doing good
business; established 14 years. 41H4 Califor-
nia St.. EUGENE ROE1NET.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, pay-
ing dnjfr f=tore in a pool mining Town; cash
trade. Call at 730 O'Farrell Bt.. city.
STATIONERY, candy and nation store; must
be sold In 2 days at less than invoice price;
a rncp. Apply 433 McAllister; no agents.
$100 WILL buy a legitimate paying business.
WM. HEFL1NGER, 1064 Washington St..
Oakland.
$$00— GROCERY and bar. suitable for man and
wife; good location: reason for selling, party
going East. Apply 1034 Howard St.
FOR pale— The Central Hotel in Napa, con-
talnlr.g thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
FATING drug store for sale: must sell at once;
good reasons. Address box 23i7, Call offlce.
FRUIT and oyster stand. 1D76 Market St.; must
6ell; cheap.
$430 — RELIABLE man partner in stage route
carrying U. 6. mall. Lane & Co.. S65 Market.
ROAD house,- 20 acres; must be sold; a snap;
time. 304 Third St.. roorn 9.
SALOON; doing ?ood business: wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Apply 12 First st.
SALOON: good location. Inquire at 004 Kearny
St., room 11.
GROCERY and 6aloon; good locntlon; good
stock and fixtures; at a bar-grain. 113 Natoma.
A RESTAURANT: suitable for man and wife;
good location. 233 Eighth st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\V. CASWKUL. & CO.. <12 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call ndvertisements and
pubFcriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR BALE.
110-ROOM house: best on earth $4300
12 rooms: on McAllister st 40ft
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 1000
22-room house; on Turk st 750
12 rooms; on best street 400
34 room<< ; corner; clears $200 1600
10 rooms; on Jones; clears $S5 400
10 rooms: fine corner: on Mission 4.10
IQ-lpom house; new furniture 200
12-room house: on Post st 400 I
IS rooms; en or.o floor; near Call offlce 55o
10 rooms: on Mason et. : payments 430
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. cpp. Fifth.
A-J000 J^00
100 ROOMS
MUST PELL.
WINSTON & CO.. 102G Market st.
J7"-0 — 1C P.OO!.!?. r.lcely furnished, nr. 4th and
Market: rent reasonable: house full steady |
roon^rs; owner wants to leave city. KREDO |
& CO.. 36 Geary st.
LANE & CO.. S£3 Market, will sell your lodg-
ing nouse or business quickly for cash; list it
with us; be convinced: costs notlilne. .
$12f>0— 2S ROOMS, all rented; gix)d location, near
Market; cent.; rent $75 month. Baslle, 3 E<Jdy.
FMALL sunr.y lodcinK-house: low rent; house
full: furniture new. 610 Geary Ft.
?5f,0_22 ROOMS; cheap rent; always clenrs
from ?*o to $75 month. Hl'NPAKER. 6 Eddy.
CAIIRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wafrons. buspies. cart", harnesn.
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggie*. carts & har-
nerr. work & drH-Ing hnn<e<«. 15th & Valencia.
SPIltlTUALlSJI.
EDWA RDMEARLeT^O Elll&y St.— Seance Bun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist; 25c. 13S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. WEST, hrance. test medium and mag-
netic treatments. 1206 Market St.. rooms 15-16.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clairvoyant. test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
MEPA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket. r*t. Kth and 11th: clr. Hon.. 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
St.. may »>e consulted on all affairs cf life;
rhe will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remf've family troubles: restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated: satisfaction
iruaranteed bv infill; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DU. CLARK, 205
Turk fct.. near Jones.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egptlan
eecrct; shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up: patlsfactlon to everybody: open
Sundays. 1167 Market Et.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MADAM DtNNY, clairvoyant and card reader;
I5c and Me. 752 Bryant st., near 6th: no sign.
MISS MELVILLE. Rreat clairvoyant and water
reader ;German spoken. 9Il',i Mission. op.Mlnt.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. S2S
Mission 6t., near 4th, rm. !; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA of S Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings 25c: no sign.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlcgs dally. 212^ Si*th St.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. KYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture: 25c: ladles. 914 O'F-arrell Et.
CAl'E NO31E.
TJ1E Al"steam*hlp Newsboy, for Nome direct;
will sail May 28. For passage and freight
apply to 41$ California st., room 32; telephone
John 1151.
TO Cape Nome for $90 by 4000-ton steel steamer
sailintr May 2C from S. F. C. F. MOORE. 935
Market Ft., room «. Agent.
CAPE NOME rocker; lightest and best In the
market; price $10. lSll'A Mission st.
ABSOLUTE remedy for seasickness; CO cents
l>er bottle. K.I9 Sutter st. -
CAHPET IJK.VTISti AM» CI.KAM><i.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. S53— SS7 Tehama tt. ; tel. S. 40.
15EKINS Van aiid Storage Co.. 722 Mission st..
tel. South 635— Packing, moving and storage.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
S42-344 McAllister ft.: phone South 146.
J. E.. MITCHELL. Carpet Beatlnc and Reno-
ratlntr Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY 8te*m Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth ft ; tf 1. South TiO.
J. MrQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson tt. : tel. Scath 22S; lowest rates.
CAHPETS cleaned at Ze per yard: laid «t 4c.
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth sL; tel. Jessie S44.
ADVANCE <-ar?et Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
teL Main K4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. .
CON'KLIN'S Carpet-bcatinr Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 12«.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aitency-No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market et.
cu , f , fA<; . ES , ro LKf .
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 6 rooms, basement:
yard- stable ; also corner bay-window flat, 7
rooms, bath. 1876 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores.
COTTAGE— 4 rooms and cellar; good order. 417
Green St., near Dupont; rent $S.
$1°— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath. $1J. Apply California St.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished cottage, modern, bath, S
rooms; car line; adults; well out; moderate
rent. Box 232C. Call offlce.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $5; a
i full set of teeth on a ROld plate. $2a; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
' specialty; ae* our flesh-colored plates, thinner
nnd stronger than rubber, warranted for .0
years; flllines. COc; crowns. $3.iO: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
I ' A R l t ORS. 24 Plxth tt.
AT the ICLECTHO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket ft. cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bide-, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: goM crowns.
iZIO up; plates, extractions free, $150 up; oc-
fkv hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts nn.l fills t«pth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, 12; bridges $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
¦ prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in brklce work: fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. EOc; painless extraction. 50c; gao given.
New York Dental Parlors, 963 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLTTM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over lik» new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 73c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAX, DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 253 Kearny, --or. Bush—
Pull set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market tt.. cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Folk st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages, la wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
dog hospitals;
DR. M. L. PANCOST'S mange cure and worm
pills; by all drupRists or at the dog hospital.
M0 Golden Gate rive. ; a special ward resarved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 2S7.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and me«liclne-75c: city visits $1 f.0; oil
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DUESSMAKKHS AND SKA31STRBSSES
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladiee' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. B30 Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; nny pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st. : dresses
made, J5 up: dresres made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kind? pleat-
ing. rlnklny. 121 Post. overO'Connor& Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools. Par-
• rott buildinn: Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HI-ALD'S Business College. 21 Post St.. S. F.—
• Practical courses in bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing. laftsruaKes. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining enjtln-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES*, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, tpying: life
scholarship. $".0; day and evening: catalogue.
ALL students but t^vo taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. V2?C, Slarket st.
CALIFORNIA Business Collie. 305 Larkln St.:
the coming school; thorough: up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanlile. arch.: day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taueht personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporter* "best teacher,
b^Pt system." M. G. BARRETT. J02 Montgmy.
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of manlo'.in,
violin and guitar. 100S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEl'XE Art and Craffs School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Sinz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crammar. writing,
etc. : day or eve. : J."> mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES:
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office lurnlshes best laoorers and
domestic pprvants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office: established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Enrployment Offlce — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chlnerc employment offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. S06V* Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411H O'Farrrll F t. : tcl. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AS housekeeper by neat elderly American
woman; gocd cook and laundress: fond of
children; references given; wages $10 to $15
month. Call 250 Tehama Bt.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants po-
sition as working housekeeper; wages $25.
Box 2362. Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. E32 Eddy
street.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or as cook on ranch; good reference.
MRS. M. LISTON. P. O. box 27, Haywards.
Cal. __*
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation for
general housework or upstairs work; wages
$20 to t2"i. Apply 13 Lucky ave., bet. Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-llfth. Folsom and Treat.
COLORED woman, flrst-class cook, would like
situation in an institution or Email hoarding
house: cood references. Addresa 933 Sacra-
mento st.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: good reference. 60S Franklin «t.
WINCHESTER Hou."e. 44 Third sU. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to JIM night; (1 10 to $S
w»fk. ccnvenient and respectable; free "bus
and baKfrage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
tubFcrlptlons hi.* been eet&bllihed at lO3( Va-
lencia »t.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
ELDERLY, active man wants situation with
private family as gardener, horses, etc.; small
wages; first-class references. Gardener, box
2335. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position aa ranch foreman; can fur-
nish good reference; have had 15 years' exper-
ience. Address C. G. 19 Cedar ave.
YOUNG man wants job as porter or any work
not too heavy: small wages. Address is.,
box 14. Call office.
LEE C. PRAT, carpenter and general Jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, lences. board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Kalleyt block, room 2, Dwlght
way station. Berkeley.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable married
man with first-class references; either as
night watchman or any other position of
trust: security given if required. Address
box 2776. Call cfllce. Oakland.
RELIABLE young: man. 24 years' experience In
bookkeeping and general offlce work, wishes
position with firm of this city; references
from late employer. Address box 2366, Call.
WANTED — Position as city drummer and col-
lector; very well acquainted In city; can give
very good references and security If neces-
eary. Address box 2358, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; wages $10 per month;
best reference; no milking. If. W.. 410 Sixth.
COACHMAN and gardener, reliable and Indus-
trious. WRnts situation in private place; un-
derstands care of cows and chickens; good
references. Address P. LUND. 360 Seventh
Ft.. Oakland. '
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant office
man or other position In business house; the
best of references and security if necessary.
Address T. H., 400 Post Bt. «
WANTED — By man and wife.' position In a
private family; wife good cook; man to work
about place. Address box 4591, Call office. -
WANTED— Position on fruit ranch by married
man; competent to take entire charge; wife
good cook. Address box 2112, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engraver,' chaser and die sinker
wants steady position. Address box 2347, Call
offlce. ' •
GOOD paperhanger, painter, tlnter, etc.. -handy
with tools, wishes situation; eitv or country
hotel; reasonable wages. Box 2172. Call.
EXCHANGE.
ORCHARD of 6 acres in East Oakland for sale
or exchange for business property In city: no
agents. Apply nt 417 Sansome st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. ' .
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mail. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LIST. _
A— 7-ROOM flat; comer; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvements. 417V4 Third st.
A 3-ROOM sunny flat at 130 Capp St.. near
Seventeenth; rent $10; water free.
FLATS-S and 4 rooms, bath; off Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth; key at 1628 Howard.
FLAT 3 nice rooms; 26 Reed St.; rent $10.
Keys 1325 Washington St., near Jones.
FLAT 6 sunny rooms; flower garden. 122
Henry at. near Noe.
FLAT to let. 4 rooms; rent $12; 362 Ivy ave.
Apply 363 Grove St.
FURNISHED flat to let or sell; everything
new; 3 rooms. 650A' Jessie st., first floor.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.-
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment; modern Improvements. 1931. 1935
OFarrell st. ; rent cheap. ¦
UPPER flat: S rooms, hall. Bt Woodward ave..
between 13th and 14th, above Mlssloru
$25— FLAT 6 large rooms and cellar, with room;
healthful location. 627 Thirteenth, near Mkt
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
SUNNY, modern 7-room flat. Just finished. 32J
Bartlett st. ¦
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED— Flat, cottage • or small house by
respectable couple: no children; moderate-
rent: offers. Box 2365, Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage, only in use 3
months, for H price; rent $l0;#can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. m. . 3122 Twenty-fifth Bt.
FOR sale— New oak furniture of six roomi
and house for rent: 8 rooms rented for $22;
house rents for $27 50; price $250. 311 Turk at.,
from 2 to 6 p. m. »
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $<8 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KUHMTURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your eecond-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Iced 3oo.i.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELr WANTED— FEMALE.
cTrThaI«EN~& CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses for springs, mountain and sum-
mer resorts, $20; 1 more waitress, country,
$25 and found, fare here; 10 waitresses, com-
mercial hotels. $20: 21 waitresses, hotels, city,
$25; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20; pastry cook.
city hotel. $40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German nurseglrl. $20; cook and second girl,
city. $45; second girl, city. $20; woman with a
child, $15; 2 ranch cooks, $20 each; nurseglrl
for 2 children, see party here: others. C R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary St.
WANTED— Cook for resort, $35, $40; cook, $30.
short distance; Scandinavian cook. $30;
6econa girl. $20. same place, short distance:
4 cooks. German style, $25. $30; nurse and
maid, $20, country: French nurse, $20: restau-
rant cook. $9 a week; 4 second girls, $20. $25; &
fancy ironers, $30, city and country; German
nurse. $25; 10 hotel waitresses. $20; 12 cham-
bermaids and waitresses. $20. city and resorts;
restaurant waitresses. ?6. S7 a week; 60 house-
girls, $20, $25, city and country. J. F. CRO3-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ¦
30 GIRLS: housework: city and country.
23 AVA1TRESSES: city and country.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. 937 Market, r. 202.
COOK, Mountain View, $30: 2 In family, see
party here. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Young woman to take care of dining
room and prepare meals for herself and gen-
tleman of middle hrp, who will pay all bills;
breakfast at 6:30; she can have almost all day
for other employment. Address box 2364, Call.
WIDOWER wishes working housekeeper for
country; wages $10; good home for right
party: age 35 to 40. Call 850 Market St.. from
10 to 2; not suited yet.
GIRL for upstairs work and wait on table; state
how long in last place and nationality; good
salary to rlcht party. Box 2363, Call.
LADY compositor for monthly magazine; hours
8 to C; state experlenco and wages. Box
23G6. Call office.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts; steady employment. ROGERSON'S,
535 Valencia st.
WANTED— Fitter, also alteration hands. E.
MESSAGER. 143 Post st. .
WANTED— Young girl to assist housework and
children. Apply 709 Clayton St., near Waller.
YOUNG girl assist housework and baby. 1223
Buchanan St., near Turk.
ACTIVE Klrl to work In delicatessen; $16, with
room and board. 619 Larkln St.
GIRL for general housework; $10 a month. 322
Ellis st.: call from 8 to 10.
YOUNG lady to assist In general housework.
Call between 9 and 12. 1026 Noe st.
WANTED — A woman to do washing in the
house. Hotel RpDellqp-. 751. Sutter Bt.
TWO girls and a boy (13 to 16 years of age) to
learn printing trade; $4 per week first year;
hours 8 to C. Box 2354. Call office.
WANTED — German girl for upstairs work;
wa^es $20. Apply mornings, 1004 Paru St.,
Alameda. Morton st. station; narrow gauge.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk waista.
S. F. Manfg. Co.. 409A Turk st
GIRL for light housework. Call at 116 Col-
lirsgwood st.
APPRENTICE for halrdresslng parlor; paid
while learning. Box 233S, Call office.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Hrghcst wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32% Fremont.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Kills st.
FinST-CLAPH vest maker. SVi Antonio St..
between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres* Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C Va-
lencla st. ' _^
Hr;,P WAKTEO MALM.
JEWELL, the engineer, please call; engineer
and blacksmith for pawmlll, $100; engineer
and tool dresser for mine, $2 50 to |3 a day;
horseshoer, $2 60 day; wagon and Jobbing
blacksmiths ; G carpenters. $3 day: 3 cabinet
makers; machinist for country. $3 day; 8
miners. $2 60 day; muckers; carmen and
laborers for mines. J. F. CROSETT'S
Agency, 628 Sacramento st
100 LABORERS for mill and woods. $26 to $40;
50 woodsmen. $40 and board and increase, fare
reduced; 20 woodchoppers, $1 25 to $3 cord;
laborers, teamsters, farmers, milkers. 2 men
and wives, $40 and $50; and many others. J.
F. CROSETT'S Agency. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and husband. $60: cook, $10
week and found; second cook, $40 month;
third cook. $30 month; 2 cooks, country board-
ing houses, $40 and found; cook $35; waiters,
$40, $35, $23, city and country; dishwashers,
$7. $6. $5 week, $25 «20 month, city and coun-
try: porters, country, $20 and found, club
and hotels; other restaurant and hotel help;
- pood hotel baker. J. F. CROSETT'S Agency,
628 Sacramento St.
WANTED
Free Fare
: To Go To-day
10 more 2-horse teamsters for vineyard. $26
and found; year's Job; offlce fe« $1
Horseshoer, country; hostler, . $30 and found:
100 farm, haying, milking, chores, waiting and
other Jobs. W, D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' • Progressive ' Union— Free employ-
menl. H. Bernard, Sec.; 104 7th; tel. Jessie 153.
WANTED— Young man with some experience
to drive milk wagon; $30 and room. 2200 Point
Lobos ave., corner Eleventh.
WANTED— Reliable young barber as partner In
a neat, good-paying shop; this city. Address
box 2367, Call offlce. ;. .
W A NTED— Good bushelman. GOLDEN EAGLE
CLOTHIKO CO.. 104 Kearny st . •' -
BOY wanted ;¦ willing to work out . and -: inside
. fruit : business. ¦ 130 Eighth St.' ' ' ' -• - -¦•
EXPERIENCED lunch cook wanted. 90 Third
Bt.; call early. \ •
DISHWASHER wanted; must. carry trays. 37
Eddy Et. . , • • /.
WANTED — A good reliable vegetable man; all-
around work. .467 McAllister st.
WANTED— Waiter. 435 - Ellis st
GOOD third cook wanted; $50 month ; call
early. 228 Kearny st.Grand Army Encampment.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call. •,
LOS GATOS, May 18.— Dr. H. M. Bar
ker, commander of the North Central
California Veterans' Association, has is-
Bued general order No.. 5 announcing that
the annual midsummer encampment will
be held at Santa Cruz, opening June 25
and- continuing two" weeks.
REAL ESTATE, TPuANSACTIONS.
Fidelity and Casualty Company of New York
to Willard O. Wayman, lot onE line of Baker
street, 70 S of Vallejo, S 63, . E to a , point
N to a line, \V to beginning. ' also described
as lot on B line of "Baker street.' 70 S of Val
lejo, S 6?. K 63:8»i, XW .. 70:11%,- W 47:2«£; $2000.
-•Edward O'SIalley * (or ¦ JIalley) • to - Charlotte
O'Molley, Jot on E ' line of Lyon street, , 82:6
S/of Greenwich. S 55:1, E. 110:3%, N 55:1, W
108 :3V4 : also lot on NE corner of Filbert and
Lyon streets, N 65:1. E 113:3%. S 55:1,-. W to
beginning; also lot on NW corner-of Filbert and
Fruit Association May Fail.
SAN JOSE, May IS.— There is. It seems,
but little hope that the California. Cured
Fruit Association will become a success.
THe necessary 90 per cent of acreage is
several thousand acres short. But littlf
acreage is coming- in, and President Bond
says he is unwilling to attempt the work
unless the percentage is secured. The
time expires to-morrow, and unless some
thing occurs not now known, it looks
very much as If the proposed association
will pass out of being. .. „;---
Sites for Odd Fellows' Home.
MONTERET May 18.— The committee
of Monterey citizens recently organized
for the purpose of endeavoring to secure
for Monterey tho Odd Fellows' Home
about to be moved from Thermalito has
taken preliminary steps. Several avail
able sites for the home have been
selected, and the site committee of the
California Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows
is expected to come to Monterey in the
near future to look over the ground. It
is stated that everything necessary in the
linej>f land and money will.be gruaran
teetf if this ftwn is chosen as the place
for establishing: the home.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
BO Alaska Packers' Assn. s 90 US 73
460 Contra Costa Water 70 75
20 Contra Costa Water, s SQ-... 70 73
25 Contra Costa Water 71 00
SO Giant Powder Con S3 00
20 Hana Plantation Co S 23
100 Makawell Sugar Co. b 3 47 50
2C0 Hutchinson S P Co 26 00
25 Kquitable Gas 2 75
100 Honokaa S Co 32 50
3tO Hutchinson S P Co 28 CO
5 Kllauea S P Co 20 20
10 Onomea Sugar Co 27 S74
40 Paauhau S P Co SO 73
5 Pacific Lighting I 43 50
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 75
5 S F Gas & Electric Co, ¦ 90 45 73
3 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 48 00
Street—
5 Alaska Packers' Association lit $7%
$3000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 104 50
*1COO Oakland Transit Co Ss 117 00
273 Onomea Sugar Co 27 87}i
45 Paauhau S P Co SO 75
10 S F Gaslight 4 SO
$1S,OCO S P of A bonds. 114 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board" ¦
130 Home. Oil 4 43
100-Home Oil 4 S3
10 Home Oil -... 4 SO
SO National Oil & D Co C VIM
Afternoon Session.
100 Home Oil 4 53
ICO Home Oil 4 *>
400 Yukon ." '. 105
Street —
100 Home Oil 4 CO
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the stales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Chollar 20 400 Sierra Nevada.. 33
60 Con Cal & Va..l 5* SCO Silver H1U ...... II
100 Hale & Noro ... 27 50 Standard 3 75
UK) Justice 02 25 Standard 3 C5
200 Mexican 2S 400 Union Con 21
400 Occidental 13 100 Yellow Jacket.. 17
200 Ophir 5S 400 Yellow Jacket.. IS
400Ophlr 60-
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 10 300 Mexican »
100 Best & Belcher. 30 10O Ophlr ;... 61
100 Caledonia 115 200 Potcsl 13
200 Crown Point . 0J 300 Union Con 21
Following- were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. -„ , - -; ¦
1000 Bullion C2 200 Sierra Nevada.. 34
703 Mexican 30 ZOO Sierra Nevada.. 33
200 Mexican 29 900 Sliver Hill ....i 20
5C0 Ophlr 60 100 Silver Hill 21
SCO Ophlr M 300 Silver Hill 22
400 Ophlr 61 300 Silver Hill 23
400 Ophir 62% 500 Yellow Jacket.. 17
SCO Potosl 20 .
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 1 15 200 Sierra Nevada.. 33
600 Gould & Curry. 18 200 Silver Hill 22
300 Ophlr 611 200 Union Con 21
, 300 PotoM 191
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, May IS— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha. 01 03 Justice bl 03
Alta 03. 04 Kentuck — 01
Andes .1 CS 07 Lady Washngtn — £>
Belcher! 10 11 Mexican 2S 23
Best & Belcher. 29 31 Occidental 13 II
Bullion 02 C3 Op"hlr 59 60
Caledonia 1 10 1 10 Overman IS 17;
Chollar IS » Potosl _. IS 20 j
Challenge Con.. 13 14 Savage 13 It !
Confidence 70 75!ScorpIon — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 50 Se* Belcher .... 01 04
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 32 35;
Con New York. — ©3 Silver Hill 21 n
Crown Point.... OS 09 St Louis — 1C
Eureka Con..... — 50 Standard 3 90 4 CO
Exchequer 01 031 Syndicate — 03
Gould & Curry. 15 16iUnion Con 21 ' 22
Hale &¦ Norc... 25 J7 Utah .......' 87 C3
Julia. — C2 1 Yellow Jacket.. , 16 1J j
12000 Market-st Ry 1st con Es ........117 S2H
11000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 12V,
15 Paauhau S P Co 30 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 23
J100O S P of C 63 (1905) 109 50
50 Spring Valley Water, s 30 96 00
45 Spring Valley Water 96 00
Street—
SO Oakland Gas 45 09
NEW YORK— Arrived May IS— Stmr August*
Victoria, from Hamburg, etc: stmr Hecle. from
Stettin and Copenhagen.
. ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 13— Stmr Spaaro
daxn. from New York.
CHEKBOlTiG— Failed May 1*— Stmr ITnerst
B!sm»rrk. from Hamburg, for New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived May 13— Stmr Kaiser
Friederich, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived May 1— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 19— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New York. Tia
Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May U— Stmr Taurtc,
for New York.
VANCOUVER— bailed . May 13— Br stmr Tar
tar, for Honrkonz-
FA LMOUTK— Arrived M.iy IS— Br ship Oa
lena, from Oreron.
COLON— Arrived May 15-Stmr Alamo, from
New York'; Br stmr Athoa, from New York.
ACAPULCO— Failed May 4— Br ship King
David, for **«¦!» Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Sailed May 15-Fr bark
La Bruyere. for San Francisco.
• MAZATLAN— Arrived May lS-Scnr W 8
Phelr>». hence May 1.
FLATTERY— Passed May 17. « p m— Ship
Paramita. from Chefoo. for Port Townsend.
GRAYS HAREOR- Hailed May 17— Schr J n
I^eeds. from Golorln Bar: schr North Bend. f.->r
San Francisco: schr Fannie Adele, for San
Francisco. •
USAL— Arrived May IS— Stmr Newsboy, hno
May 16.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May »-s<-hr Bertha
Dolbeer; schr Mabel Gray, from Eureka; schr
Louise, from Tacoma.
REDONDO— Arrived May IT— Stmr W H Kru
rer. from Tillamook.
Arrived May IS— Schr Defiance, from Port
Los Anseles.
Sailed May 18-Stmr South Portland, tot
Nome: bktn J L Eviston. {or Nome. May 17—
Stmr Skooknni. for Nome. May IS — Stmr Far*
allon. for Skatuay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May O— Shla
Paramita, from Chefoo.
Passed up May IS. 10 a m— Snip Berlin, tot
Tacoma.
DIAMOND POINT— Arrived May 13— Ship
Isaac Reed, from Hongkonr.
Passed up May 13. at 5 a m— Ship Occidental,
hence May 7. for Seattle.
SOVTI1 BEND— Arrived May IS— Blcta Tam o*
Shanter, hence May 9.
ASTORLV— Sailed May IS— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for Francisco.
¦ VENTURA— tailed May IS— Stmr South Coant.
for San FrancUco.
. FORT BRAGG— Sailed May IS— Stmr Tllla
mook, for
PORT ANGELES-Passed May IS. at 8:30 a
m — Ship May Flint, hence May 5.
fTEATTLlS — Arrived May 18 — Stmr Ohio. henc<»
May 15; ship Occidental, hence May 7. May 14
— Smr City of Topeka. from Skaguay; «cht>
Bargor, from Port Townsend. May 17— 3tmr
Santa Crus, frcm Skagnay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 11.
Btmr Progreso. Zolliriff. 98 hours from T»«
coma.
Btmr Point Arena, Hansen. 15 hours frocx
Mendocino.
Stmr Arcata. Ree<3. 42 hours from Coos Bay,
etc.
Stmr Cccs Bay, Shea, 83 hours from Newport
(S), etc.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 21 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 13 hours from
Fort Eragg.
U S stmr Philadelphia, Reiter. 12 days from
San Juan* del Sur. J^ L
L'ktn Retriever. Sloane. 12 dayv/>Tom Port
Hadlock. -'
Schr Serena. Thayer, McVicar. 23 hoars front
Eureka.
Schr Scotia, Jacobs, 14 hours from Albion.
Schr Impossible, Low, t hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Western Home, Daerwltz. 5 days from
Coos Day.
Schr Lizzie Prlen. Hansen. 6 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Jaj A Garfleld, Lewis, SI hours from
Cocs Bay.
Schr Gotama. Johannlssen, {S hours from
Coos Bay.
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman. 5 days front
¦Waldport.
Schr Fortuna. Luberg, 24 hours from 'Eureka.
CLEARED.
Friday. May U.
Stmr Newport. Saunders. Panama; P M 3
S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka: Goodall.
Perkins * Co.
Stmr Kvlchak. Nelson. Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers Association.
Stmr Nome City. Levinson. Portland: W A
Mitchell it Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Shea, San Pedro: Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr San .Bias. Pillsbury, Vancouver: John
Rosen f eld's Sons.
Nor stmr Universe, Egenes. Chemalaus; R
Dun*mulr Sons Co.
Jxp bark Tsuklshima Afaru, Matsumo. KoM
and Yokohama: Mitsui & Co.
Schr Viking. Peterson. Golovin Bay. Tia Coos
Bay: W Johnson.
Schr Czar, Wagner. Mazatlan; Wni Olsen.
SAILED.
Friday. May U.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. Covens Landing.
Stmr Newport. Saunders. Panama. «tc
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Washtenaw. Gilboy, Tacoma.
Stmr GiDsy, Iceland. Santa Crui.
Bktn Ruth. Olsen. Seattle.
Schr Ethel Zane. Holmstrom. Port An*el»9.
Schr S Danieiaon. Brown. Sluslaw River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I-OBOS, May is. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity V) miles.
SPOKEN.
April 29. lat 3 N. Ion 2-j W-Rr ship FaUs ot
Afton. hence Feb to, for Queensto^rn.
April 22. lat 27 N\ Ion 20 W-Br baric Klrk
hlll, from Barry, for San Francl3co.
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
J S Durham, Pac Grv
A W Hobson, (Tiicagj
J H Johnson, Los Ans
T Nelson & w. Xev
K S Churchill. Napa
£ F Graham & w. Cal
Mrs J W Bowers, Cal
C Karnsworth. Phoenix
A D L»vy. N Y
C Leonardt, Los Ang
H A Drukker. Ohio
J B Adam. Scotland
J Dekin, England
A Paw & w, Cal
J W Moore. Phi la
W Garland, Cal
Mrs M A Garvey, Ohio
W Lawrence, Denver
J \V Keller. N Y
Miss Lauchlin, PIttstog
Miss Parker. Pittsbfg
T B IX>yle, San Mateo
A H Gallum, Mllwauk)
L Sharpe Jr, Provdneei
J E DwlKht & w X Y
Miss R DwiKht, N Y
J E Dwleht Jr. N Y
Mrs M H Smith, Cal
H B Slaughter & w. Ill
Miss Slaughter. Ill
E H Simmons & »r. Mo
A %V Hooper, Conn
Mrs J Willard. Va
Mrs B Morton. K Y
B Morton Jr, X Y
B Rhodes. N Y
J Logan & w Mass-
B Mlnzerheimer, N Y
C E JalTe & w. USX
J Hatch. San Jose
M H Livingston,. N Y
J Singleton. I>ds Ang
Mrs R L Burcharri, Cal
L Moore, Ohio
P L Schtimer. Chicago
J L Daube. Chlcaso
J B Wolff, Chicago
GRAND HOTEU
G C McMullen. Sacto ;
C Ber.tz. , Herk^ley
W D.ilan. Sacto
T E Ware, Los Ang
fi J Phipps. U S A
P C Blaclc, Oakland
A Johnson, Coquille
C n Finkham. Chtco
Mrs Naher, Xapa
H Graham, .Napa
J C Coleman, I^os Ang]
H D Aitken. Ariz
Mrs M E Hamrick." 111!
Eessle Hamrick. Ill i
Miss Prichard. Colo
Mrs S R Warner, Ohio
II K Stahl, Ran Jose j
S R Arnold. Chicago
J Jonsen Jr. Fresno !
H H Ixiveland, N Y
Pr J J Tully, Stockton
J)r OfCutt. Ix« Anr
Mrs C E Kent, N Y !
W S Kent, N Y I
Mrs J F Likens, ValleJ
A H Van Cleve, N M
J T Laird, Alturas
J M Mills, Seattle
E J Compton, Seattle
¦\V T Hennlngheimer,
Chlco
D Campbell, Los Ang
C L Culbert. Jackson
Ml»s M Saris, Gonzales
H B Hall, Los Ang
R B Moffett, Ind.
H S Moffett, Ind
C Paine, Fowler
L W Ehlnn. Los Ang
O E Kilned y, Llverm
J XT Blanken.sliip. Ariz
G Kilburn & w, Cal
D E'Kelliher, Eugene
W W ihfreland.HIdsbi;
F Thayer & w. Canada
F Thayer Jr, Canada
Mrs Peck & ch, S Jose
O K Morris, Sonora
S P Boland, San Jose
Dr C A Rusgles. Stktn
J L Stevenson, L. Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J V Morton. Stockton
E Bullard, Sacto
F Gay. Oakdale
F Butterworth. S Jose
E Moore, Fresno
J Jisha & w, Pulsun
J Larsen, R Vista
T Poole, Modesto
J King, Los Ang •
T J Qulgley, Seattle-
M C Courtney. Lvmore
R L Caven, Mojave
C M Moore, Fresno
A Sylvester. San Jose
J M Stark. Petaluma
F Wilson. Tulare
r> C Webster, Tacoma
J Smith. Denver
J R Barton, Dlxon
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
NOTE— la the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given In the left
hand column and the scocessive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
•eoond time cotumn sires the second tide o£
the day, the third time column the third tldft
and th« last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except wlen there are bnt
thre- tides, a.* sometimes occurs. The heights
riven ar» in addition to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts. \ except
when a minus sinn (— ) precedes the height,
and then; the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the low»r low waters.
SATURDAY. MAT 13.
United States Ccast and Gecdettc Surrey—
Times and Heights of High, and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 8aa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tfcp Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlsh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the belght of tide Is the fane at both places.
WASHINGTON , May 18.— Soon after the
Senate convened to-day Morgan, chairman
of the Committee on Interoceanlc Canals,
offered a resolution directing an investi
gation sweeping in its character of the
dealings of individuals or j corporations
with a view to monopolizing a ship canal
at Panama or in Nicaragua, and whether
tho individuals or, corporations propose
to obstruct the United States in the con
struction of an isthmian canal. Morgan
stated that the object of the inquiry pro
posed was to enable the President' of the
United States to "check, escape from and
destroy a conspiracy— founded In fraud
and corruption and arrogance— against the
highest rights and privileges of the peo
ple and Government of the United States."
Tho resolution was referred.
Discussing the resolution, Morgan said
the old Panama Canal Company was
chartered under the laws' of France. A
syndicate four years ago purchased the
assets of the old company and reorganized
under tho name of the "New Panama
Canal Company." This syndicate had of
fered to permit the United States to share
in its work so far as it was able without
violating its concessions, which would
have to be scrupulously observed. This
proposition was made, he said, when it
was realized that the new Panama Canal
Company was approaching bankruptcy.
It could not be considered by the United
States, he said, without involving th©
United States In serious trouble with
France, as the 5000 or more French share
holders in the old company would also
share in the new company, and the United
States could not, anyhow, identify itself
with a corporation organized, as had been
suggested, under the laws of New Jersey
or some other State.
Monopoly in Canal Charters.
"The proposition," declared Morgan, "is
so absurd that it would not receive a min
ute's consideration were it not that It Is
being pressed at every possible point and
at every possible moment of time,"
He invited attention to the charters of
the canal concessions companies organized
in New Jersey, saying Congress should
make a rigid investigation of the sub
ject and break down and check the great
est and most comprehensive monopoly
ever organized under the laws of New
Jersey. Morgan said he did not propose
to delay action upon the pending Nica
ragua canal bill , until this investigation
was concluded.
McCumber of North Dakota addressed
the Senate on the Philippine question. He
said it was to our commercial, financial
and naval interests to retain the lslajnds.
Having incidentally remarked that he
thought all the people of the Union were
happy now to be under one flag and in
one Government, Tillman of South Caro
lina interrupted McCumber and declared
that not 10 per cent — he might say that 5
per cent — of the white people of the South
were to-day glad that the Confederacy
had been defeated or what they fought
for had been rejected.
Butler of North Carolina Interrupted to
say that he could not corroborate the
statement of Tillman. A minute later,
when Caffery of Louisiana rose to make
an inquiry, Wolcott asked him if he
shared in the opinion that 95 per cent of
the Southern white people regretted now
that the reoelllon had failed and that the
Union remained undivided.
"I do not," replied Caffery.
Pneumatic Tube 1 Champions.
Mason of Illinois resumed his discussion
of the committee amendment providing
for tho extension of the pneumatic tube
service. He defended Milnolland against
insinuations. Chandler of New Hamp
shire declared this useful modern inven
tion should not be abandoned any more
than we should abandon electric lights or
telephones or . automobiles. Chandler
commented on the extraordinary delay of
the Postal Commission, of which Wolcott
is chairman, in not making a report,
which 'delay, he said, permitted the rail
roads to increase their vast receipts for
carrying the mails and at the same time
prevented an adequate understanding of
the merits of the pneumatic tube service.
He believed the railroads had much to do
with the difficulties Congress encountered
in dealing with these questions.
Hale protested against loading'down the
bill with a "mere fanciful scheme," which
had been advanced before Congress with
the most "brazen effrontery."
Carter of Montana said the difficulties
of the chairman of the i^ostofflce Commit
tee (Wolcott) with the members of the
committee did not reflect credit upon that
Senator. He had attacked private charac
ter with that immunity given those speak
ing in public debate, and instead of pre
senting facts had indulged in ponderous
declamation. Carter said that the exten
sion of the tube service would to some ex
tent add competition to the telegraph and
express companies, and this, the Senator
thought, might account for some of the
opposition to the system.
Lodge said the system had operated to
advantage in Boston, but he could not
vote for this loosely worded amendment
providing an extension committing the
Government to enormous expense.
Hoar suggested a; proviso that any ex
tension of the service be limited to S12.090
a mile.
Wolcott Makes Reply.
Wolcott said he would not be disturbed
by the Kros.sfy unjust and unfounded re
marks of the Senator from Montana (Car
ter) • nor by the charge of the Senator
from New Hampshire (Chandler) that
the. railroad were behind the opposition.
The railroads had no more do with it
than they had with fixing the color of
stamps.
Mason offered an amendment providing
that In any extension of tho service the
rental shall not exceed 10 per cent of the
actual cost of construction and mainte
nance, plus the actual cost of operation
The matter went over without final ac
tion.
The bill to enlarge the powers of the
Department of Agriculture, prohibiting
the transportation by interstate commerce
of game killed in violation of local law,
was • passed. . •
GRANTS /W EXTENSION .
' TO PANAMA COMPANY
Colombian Government Adds An
other Obstacle to American
Canal Construction. «
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May IS.— Secretary Hay
has been advised by Minister Hart at
Bogota that the Colombian Government
has authorized an extension of the con
cession held by- the Panama Canal Com
pany. This extension was purchased by
the company for 5,000,000 francs and ex
tends over, a . period of six years. The
present concession will not expire until
1904, and a six years' extension will carry
until -1910;
Members of the Isthmian Canal Com
pany say that the canal, can be easily con
structed within ten years, even with the
present • force at work on the waterway.
It is said, further, that it will cost less to
complete the Panama, canal than it will
to construct the Nicaragua waterway.
Tho company is naturally anxious that
the United States takdno action with re
spect to the Nicaragua canal, and every
month's delay, will be beneficial to it. It
Is expected that every obstacle will ' be
thrown in the way of the Senate when
the canal bill' comes up for consideration
during the next session. -
Charges That a Monopoly Has Been
Created Under New Jersey Laws
the Waterway.
to Obstruct Construction of
CONSPIRACY BY
THE HOLDERS OF
CANAL CHARTERS
Morgan Introduces in- the
Senate a Resolution of
' Inquiry.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
on W line of Market street, 160.12 N of Thirty
fourth, H 9LSS, W 100.-8 90.52. E 108 to be
ginning, block O. same; also lot on S line of
Thirty-fourth street. 241 W of Market. W 75
by S 100. being lot 9 and W 25 feet lot 10. block
P, same, Oakland: $10-
Horae Security Building and Loan Association
to Helen R. Wentwortb. lot on N line of Ad
dison street, S0:5 W of Tenth. W 31:10. N 1°<\
E 3».- S 100 to beginning, block"*?. Tract B.
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, to correct 630 D 413 Berkeley; $10.
Rosa Mandler to Charles H. Butler, lot on
N line of block 4S, lands adjacent to Encinal,
193:2 E from NW corner of block 4S. E 5 feet.
S 90:11. W 60. N to a Dolnt 13 feet distant S
from center line- of S track of railroad front-
In? above described, thence E 50 to beginning,
Alameda; $50<>. - "^
Susan- and John C. Haya and Betty B. Mc-
Mullln to San Francisco Savings Union, all
Interest in lot on SE corner of Webster and
Sixth streets. E 150 by S 100, being lots £ to 11.
block 57. Oakland: $10.
David McClellan to Sarah J. MeClel?an. lot
54. block 20-J1, Whitcher Tract, Map 2. Oak
land; $5.
Lizzie W. Moffatt (trustee estate of George
Moffatt) to George II. MofCatt. undivided eighth
Interest In following: Lot on N line of Eighth
street, 75 W of Broadway, W 75 by N 100. Oak
land; also property in San Francisco: grant.
Sarah A. McKe* to Peter Madsen, let 6. block
5. McKee Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. F. and Sarah J. Cro«s to R. Cuthbert. the
W 20 feet of lot 23 and E 20 feet of lot J4.
block C. Gaskill Tract, Oakland: $10.
William Y. Stillwell (single) to A. H. Dun
combe (single), lot 9. block 101. map of Watson
property. East Oakland, quitclaim deed: $10.
Home Bulldlns Company (a corporation) to
Henry C. and Allle A. Garlock. the SE 50 feet
of lot IS and SW 25 feet of lot 19. map of For
est Park Tract. Brooklyn TownshiD; $10.
E. B. and Stella M. Stcne to H. S. Bridge.
lots 10 and 11. block H. lots 10. 11. 13 and 14.
block I. map of Linda Park. Brooklyn Town
sh'n; $10.
Sarah M. and J. K. McLean to Alfred Pom
eroy. lot on S line of Durant avenue. 215 W
of Fulton street; W 10 by S 130. being a portion
of lot 39, block 14, College Homestead. Berke-
Maggi? and Ignatz Fischel to O. G. May.
lot on W line of Louisa street. »0 • of Berke
ley way, S 40 by W 134.65, being lot 11, Twitch
ell Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Syndicate Investment Company to Bet«y
Bergquest (wife of John), lot on NW line of
Tcvis street, 67:6 NE from N corner of Tevls
and Putnam streets. NE 12:6 by NW 100, being
the NE «ne-half lot 10. block 770, Levy Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $125.
W. H. and Carrie L. Gregory to same, lot
on NW line of Tevls street. 80 NE of Putnam.
NE 25 by NW 100 being a portion of lots 6
and 7. block 770. Levy. Lane and Sather Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Fanny I. Springsteen and Essie C. O'Rourke
(wife of J. J.) to Charles H. Jones, lot 5. block
13, on Map of Fitchburg Homestead lots, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Lester A. Pelton to Mary B. Bibby. lot on
E line of Frultvale avenue. 1P0 S of Pleasant
street. S 50 by E 125. being lot 17. block D.
corrected map Champion Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Eleanor S. Chester and Ella M. Deering to
Mary B. Myers, lot on S line of Prentlss ave
nue. 423 W of Peralta avenue. N\V 40. SW
122.73. SE 40. NE 122.75 to beginning. Brooklyn
Township; $10. _ .
William - R. and Lulu B. Delzelta to Jacob
C. Zellerbach. lot on N line of Clinton avenue.
150 W of Oak, W 60 by N ISO. being lot 6. In
E half block P, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda: $375. _ ,
Pacific Land Investment Company to H. A.
Snow, lot 3. block 174. Map of Town of Newark.
filed May 6, 1S78. Washington Township; $110.
Builders' Contracts.
Antonio Llnale and Giovanni Ghlotto (owners)
with Lulgl Cuneo and Norlo CavaglU contract
ors, architect Norio Cavaglla. all work except
shades, mantels and gas fixtures for a two-story
and three-story frame building on N 11ns of
Jackson street. 132:6 W of Powell, W 4»:« by N
g*>.g.v- $S2C0
"pan' Francisco and San Joequln Valley Rail
way Company (owners) with W. T. &
Bro. contractors, architect William Knowles,
all work for fitting up ticket offices in building
at 641 Market street: $5422.
George W. Merritt (owner) with W . W. Mon
tague & Co. contractors, architects .Reid Bros.,
steam heating plant for building on NE corner
of gutter and Mason streets: $3427.
Hannah Wilson (owner) with J. W. Miller
contractor, architect Julius E. Krarft. excava
tions, grading, brick, granite, concrete and ar
tificial stone work for a two-atory, basement
and attic residence on W line of Devisadero
street, 66:3»4 S of Broadway. S 66:3^i by W
137:6; $4310.
Same owner with Mallory & Swenson con
tractors, architect same, carpenter and mill
work, stairs.- roofing, galvanized iron, glass,
hardware, steel and iron work for same on
same; $13,907.
£>am» owner with Schanz & Grundy contract
ors, architect same, sewering, plumbing and
gasfitting for same on same; $267L
Same. owner with Frank Coghlan contractor,
architect same, lathing, plastering and interior
ornamental plaster work for same on came;
$1140.
Same owner with J. H. Keefe contractor,
architect same, painting, varnishing and wood
finishing for same on same; $1260.
Baker streets, N M by W 100: also lot on W
line of Baker street, 50 S of Greenwich. S 150
by W, 100; also lot on S line of Greenwich
street, ICO W of Baker. W 50 by S 137:6; also
lot on S line -of Greenwich street, 150 W of
Baker. W 50 by S 137:6; gift.
; Eliza C. Herbert (Comerford) (and as execu
i trix estate Joseph M. Comerford) to Florence
B. Rlckerly. lot on SW .corner of Twenty-fifth
and Capp streets. W 115 by S 30; also lot on
W line of Capp street, 30 S of Twenty-fifth,
S 23 by \V 115; $3SC0. - -
Minnie P. ghotwell to Christian M. Hansen.
lot on E line of Dolores street, 31 S of Twenty
second, S 30 by E 117:6: $10.
.Joseph, Harriet, Jacob and Bertha. 6.-W eiss
beln to Jacob Christ Jansen, lot on W line of
Hoffman avenue (Ellen street), 61:6 N of Eliza
bPth. N 25 by W 100, lot 19S. Heymati Tract;
$10. ¦ • ¦ , ¦
Augusta M and C. Buck to John H. Munster.
lot on E line of Montgomery street," 70 S of
Green, SE 67:6, E 137:6. N 57:6. W 60, N 10,
W 77:6; $10. . w
Carl S. Conger to Maria Suter and Sophie
Herir.gton (wife of C. H-). lot on W line of
Powell street, 30 N of Pacific. N. 22 by W 45:10;
$10.
Harriet Kentfield (widow) to Edward E.
Kentfield (a son), lot on S corner of Folsom
and Stewart streets., SE 274. SW 275. NW 136:6.
NE 137:6. NW 137:6, NE 137:«: gift.
B. E. Henriksen to Ellen F. X. Henriksen.
lot on N line of Fell street. 145:10^ W of Brod
erick, N 102:6 by W 25; gift.
Same to game lot' on N lin» of Fell street,
171:10% W of Broderick, N 102:6, E 23, N 33.
W 50. S 137:6. E 25; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of BroderiCK
street, 100 N of Fell, N 25 by W 06:WH: Klft-
Same to same, lot on N line of Waller street,
137:8 W of Lott, N 137:6 by W 23: gift.
Same to same, lot on SE corner of Frederick
and Willard streets. S 100 by E 30: gift.
"California Bridge and Construction Company
(by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society, lot on NW corner
of Williamson street and Point Lobos avenue.
W 113:4V.. NW 173:4. NW 352:8. S 212:6. E 120,
S 2S1:7: $S3C7.
Herman W. Thyarks to ¦ Helene M. D. Thy
arks, lot on W line of Minna street, 50 SW of
Lafayette, SW 67:6. NW 76, NE 73. SE 76; also
lot on B line of Hampshire (Jersey) street. 150
S of Solar.0. S 25 by D 100; also lot on S line
of Sagamore street, 490 E of Capitol. W W>.
S 225:10, NE 103, N 193:9, lot 5, block B, Rail
road Homestead Association; also undivided
half of lot on E line of Howard street, 165:3H
N of Thirteenth, N il, E 134 :S, S 42:9. W 133;
«ift.
/ Hlbernia Savings and I»an Society to Flor
ence L. Landon, lot on W line of Noe street.
7S N of Hill, N 50. W 105. S It. £ 50, S 36, B
55; $1009.
Same to Agnes Wagner, lot on W line of
Noe street, 17S N of Hill, N 25 by W 80; $650.
Herman W. and Helene Thyarks to Fabian
S. Joost, lot on NE corner of Twenty-sixth
and Mission streets, N 65 by E 115; also lot
on SW corner of Eighteenth (Solano) street
and Potrero avenue, W 100 by S 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Thirtieth
street and NW line of San Jose avenue, N
2S:5%. W 77:1%. S 26:6, E 66:8; also lot on SW
corner of Hampshire and Eighteenth streets,
W 106 by S 75; $10.
Isabella Kelly (by B. P. Oliver, commission
er) to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society, lot
on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 125 E of
Sanchez. E 25 by N 114; $^00.
Margaret Ransom (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to same, lot on S line of Eighteenth
Btreet,,75 W of Castro, W 25 by S 75; $2500.
Catherine Kamps to George Walnberg, lot on
S line of Twenty-fifth street. 106:8 W of Dia
mond, W 26:8 by S 114; $10.
B. E. Henriksen to Ellen F. X. Henriksen.
lot on E line of Kearny street, 98:6 S of Pine,
S 19:6 by E 57:6; gift.. /
Maria A. Suter, Sophie Herlngton (Suter)
(wife of C. H.) and Mildred Quan (Hodgdon)
(wife of William P.) to Carl S. Conger, lot on
W line of Powell street, 30 N of Pacific, N 22
by W 45:10; $10.
Sadie Harris to Michael McHarrls, lot on S line
of Sonoma street, 73 E of Utah, E 25 by 3 100;
also lot on W line of Nebraska street, 100 N
of Yolo. N 50 by W 100: also lot on NW line
of Park Lane South. 194:6 (194:lVi) NE of Third.
NE 26, NW 97:6, SW 21:6, S 35:1H, SE 72:4H.
warranty deed; .
Annie and Frank Coghlan to American Surety
Company of New York, lot on SE corner of
Rhode Island and Nevada streets, S 75. E 100,
S 23. E ICO N 1C0. W 200; $10.
George and Theresa Vrachliottl to J. P. Lo
Count, lot on E line of Twenty-fourth avenue,
100 N of California street, N Vo by E 120; also
lot on E line of Seventh avenue. 20Q 3 of C
street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
B. E. Henriksen to Ellen F. X. Henriksen.
16t on NE corner of Twenty-seventh arenue and
Clement street. N 100, E 66:11, S 105. W 77:6;
gift. . .
Jean M. Taylor to George A. Martin, lot on
E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 100 N of A
street. N 23 by E 120: $10.
Albert Meyer to Willard H. and Carrie Han
chett, lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue, 260
N of I street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Emil Oliver to Herman I. Nager, lot on S
line of S street, 82:6 W of Thirty-eighth avenue,
W 23 by S 100: $10.
David and Isabella Hughes to Maria Delle
plane, lot on N line of Broad avenue, 220 W
of Plymouth street, W 25 by N 125. lot 8, block
J, Railroad Homestead; $10.
William A. and Thomas Magee Jr. and as
trustees to Frederic E. and Walter Majjee. all
Interest In French and Gilman Tract, quitclaim
deed; $10.
LaicIub K. Wilmerdln* and Henry W. Payne
to Charles A. and Anna Johnson, undivided
eighth interest in lot on S line of Richland
(Thirty-fourth) street, 175 W of Mission. W 23
by S 100, lot 14, block E. same; $10. t
Frederic E. and Walter Magee to same, un
divided two-thirds of same: $10.
W. A. and Alice ' M. Sprague to John Lar
son, lot on S line of Mount Vernon street, 53:5
E of Howth, E 23 by S 100. lot 15. block D,
Getz 'Addition to Lakeview; $10.
Charles R. Bishop to John McDonnell, lot 5.
block 3SS, South Sap Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; grant.
B. E. Henriksen to Ellen F. X. Henriksen.
lot on NE line of Jamaica or Twenty-sixth
street. 223 SE of I, SE 75 by NE 100, block 4S7.
Bay View Homestead; gift.
Christine F. or Christina Casserly (wife of
Martin G.) to Bridget Maloney (wife of John),
lot on NW line of Huron street. 235 NE of
Sickles, NE 50 by NW 107, lots 30 and 31. block
9V4, Sears' subdivision. West End Map 2; gift.
Bridget Maloney (wife of John) to Christine
F. Casserly (wife of M. G.), let on NE line of
Sickles street. 32 NW of Huron. NW 25 by NE
103. lot 22, block 9V4, same; gift.
Alameda County.
Nicolas Henrlcker to William H. MacKinnon,
lots 11 and 12, Map of the Laymance Tract,
being a resubdlvlslon of lots 42 to 63, John
Bvoy Tract. Oakland; $10.
-William W. and Genevleve L. Atwood to Ruth
E. Tripp (wife of R. M.). undivided Interest
in lot on SW corner of Seventh avenue and
East Eleventh street, STV 50 by NW 130, belnir
the NE one-third portion of lots 13 to 7S, block
20. Clinton. Kast Oakland; $10.
John and Mary A.' McOormlck to American
Surety Company -of New York, lot 6, block 94.
.Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; $10. %
Annie E. and J. G. F. Ollerich to William H.
Hilton, lot 19 and W half lot 20, block P. Har
mon Tract, subject to a mortgage for $275,
Berkeley; $10.
- Samson and Fanny Ringolsky to Charles S.
Booth, lot on NE corner of First and •Jeffer
son streets, E 150:6 by N 100. being lots 1 to
4, 26, 27 and 28 and fractional portion lot 25.
block 4; also all Interest as to use of railroad
switch in frntit of s--aid land, Oakland; $10.
Olive R. Chapman to C. S. Weston. lot 9.
Brumagim Tract, Oakland; $10.
C; S. Weston to Mary Glllam. lot on S line
of JIariposa avenue, ££5 W of Racine street,
W SO by S 165, being lot 9, Bnimaglm Tract,
Oakland: $335. '
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to' Charles L.
Trow, lot on S line of Tbirly-eiBhth street,
45S.SJ E.of Market, E 40 by S 148, Oakland; $10.
Ellen* Whalen (guardian estate Mary F,
0"Rourke- (incompetent) to Mrs. II. F." Keeley,
lot on S line of Eighth street. 150 W of Madi
son *\V 50 by 8 100,. being lots 10 and 11. block
82, Oakland: $1400. " . .
Mountain View Cemetery Association to F.
M Cheney, lot 39 and SW half lot 3S. in plat
26,' Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town
ship; $42. '
I John and Mary Cone to Julio Almeida, lot 15,
block 465, Gibbons Tract, Oakland: $10.
J. M and Mary D. Bartlett to Elizabeth M.
Haly lot on SB corner of Franklin and WaJnut
(or Twenty-second street). E 35 by S 100, block
3 iraap of Pacific Homestead, Oakland;. $10.
Golden Gate Land and Improvement Company
to Mary E. Yost, lot 1. block J, and lot 14.
block F, lot 8, block E. Golden Gate Tract,
Oakland; also lots So and 36 of Smith's subdi
vision of San Leandro. Eden Township (subject
to a mortgage for $650); $10.
Joseph B. and Josephine Hogarty to Morris
L. Edelsteln, lot on N line of Fifth street. 112:6
W of Grove. W 37:6 by N J0O. being lot 25 and
W half of lot 24. block 50. Oakland; grant.
Sarah J McCIellan to David McClellan. lot on
N line of. Twenty-sixth street. 140 E of West,
N 90 W 20 S 80, E 20 t6 beginnlm?, being the
B 2»'feet of lot 55, block 2021. Whltcher Tract,
map 2, Oakland; $3. . • _ m
Central Land Company to W. J. and Birdie
D Poole. lot on NE corner of Market and
Thirty-third streets, N 59'by B 116:3, being lot
1 and S 9 feet of lot 2, block K, map of prop
erty of Central Land Company, Oakland; $10.
Same to W. E. Barnard, lot on- SE corner of
Market and Thirty-third streets, S 40 by E
116:3 being the N 40 feet of lot 2. block H,
map'-of property of Central Land .Company,
Oakland: $10. ~
Same to J. H. Simpson, lot on SW comer of
Grove and Brockhurst streets. W 117.47. S 72.59.
E 116.S6. N 61.65 to beginning. : Oakland; also
lot on 8 line of Brockhurst street, 118.67 E of
West, K 232.80, S 142.70. W ISO, N 100. W 90, N
e4 to beginning. Oakland; $10. ¦
S Same to F. A. Losh, all Interest in the fol
lowing: Lot on E line of West street. CO:1H
S of Thirty-sixth. S 6O:1V4. E 1M. N 120:3. W
40, S-6O:1V*.' W 116 -f> beginning of block C.
map of ,¦ property of Central Land Company:
also' lot on E line : of : West street, 50 S of
Thirty-fourth S 50 by E 115, being lot 3, block
E same: also lot on E line of Market street,
40' S of Thirty-third. S 47 by E 116:3; also lot
on S line of Thtrty-thirrl street. 316:3 E of
Market ' E 50 by S S7: also lot onS line of
' Thirty-third street. 566:3 E of Market. - E 100
by S 87, being a portion of lot 1 and all of lots
7. 12 and. 13. block H.- Bame; also lots 6 to -IS,
block- K,' same; also lots on SE corner of Mar
ket and Thirty-fifth streets, S 1SO:4#, E 116:6.
N 60:m; E 425, N.120:!, W 541:3 to beginning,
being lots 2 to 12 and W 25 feet lot 13. block
L .of same; lot on NE corner of ' Market and
Thlrty-flf th streets. N 240:6. E 266:3, , S 120:3.
,W 125, S 120:3. ! W 141:3 to beginning; also lot
on S Una of Thirty-sixth ; street, 316:3 E of
Market, E 150 by S 120; also lot on S line of
Thirty-sixth street. 616:3 E of Market. .E CO
by S 120:3, lots 1 to 7. 9. 10, 11, 15 and W 53
feet lot 30,< block M. same; also lot on W line
of i Market street. 30.13 N of Thlrty-flf th. N
171.27. W 73.14. 8 170.58. E ¦ S9.C6 to beginning,
being a portion of block N, same; also lot
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1900.
Sun ris-s 4:57
Sun sets 7:18
Moon rises... H:J4 p. m.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
Time Ball.
Branch .Hydroyraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San . Francisco, CaL
May 1«. 1900. • ¦
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly ¦ noon to-day—
1. *.*. at noon of the l2Cth . meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. V. 8. N., In chars?.
A Victim of Liquor.
Ereelal Dispatch to The Call.
TIBtTRON, i»Iay 18.— An unknown man
fell dead, a victim of a continued drink
ir.c bout, on the street here this morning:.
He has been in the to v.n for §omo days
past, but hl9 Identity is a mystery. Coro
ner-Eden will bold., an- inquest to-mor
row. — -
13
D ITlme Time ITimel Time
£ Ft. Ft. i 1 Ft. Ft.
• ,H W L. W |H "W| I* W
19 ... 1:51] 5.j\ S:S5— 0.21 4:1? o.ol 9:22 3.»
20 ... 2:57 4.9' -9:47 9.2\ S:0O 5.2 10:J7 J.«
n ... 4:15 4.« l»:40 0.6 S:4^ S.4 11:46 2.0
22 ... S:J7 4.4 11:37 1.1 $:30 5.«! -
L \V H W L -W H W
» ... 0:50 1.3 7:00 4.3 12:35 1.5 T:14 5.9
24 ... 1:43 0.7 8:15 4.4| 1:K 2.0 7:53 «.l
25... 2:4lf 0.0 »:2J| 4.4j- 2:15| 2.3| 8:43 ».*
Steamer.
!
Fro si.
{ Dus.
City of Peking. China, and Japan- !M»t It
Corona San Diego [May M
S*mo« HumboMt _ IMay 1»
Wellington ..... Oyster Harbor...— |May tt
Colon jPanarcsa — iMay 2O
Ptate of Cal (Oregon Ports (May Vt
Robt. AdamsonjTCacalmo _....„. May S3
Pocnora 'Humboldt _ May 71
Bontta INewport _ May II
Kumooldt ISeattle „ IMay 21
Encrgla 1 China and Japan- JMay n
Australia iHonoiulu May 33
Umattlla IVlctorta & Pujtet Sound May 13
Matteawan ITacoma |May 23
Santa Rosa !San Dtero May 23
"Warfleld [Oyster Harbcr...-. May a
Crescent City... .Crescent City...._ IMay 2*
C003 Bay JNewport May 11
Columbia lOretron Ports IMay XI
Point Arena 'Slendocino _...... May ii
Arcata k>re?on Ports May Zt
North Fork IHumboldt : May 24
Steamer. | Destination. I
Satis.
Pier.
Coos Bay... Xeirport May », 9 am Pier 11
Crescent Cy Crescent Clty.jMay 19, tpm .,
Am. Maru.iChlria&Japan'May 13. 1 pm'PMSS
Kmpire ICoos Bay iMay 19. 5 pm'Pter 13
Arcata (Coos Bar <May 13. SpmiPlerlS
Centennial [Seattle j May 13, 13 m,a W. I
C. D. Lane.jCape Nome.... iMay 21, 2 pnvPier 13
Wai. Waila Vic A Pgi Sd. May 21. It am Pier <?
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 am Pier 11
ZealandU . Cape Nonxs.... May 21. 3 pm Pier 1
North Fork Hurr.boMt May 21. 9 ami Pier 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I May n, SpmiPier J
Sequoia ....Cap* Nome.... IMay 22, 3pm;Pler 3
/Bonita Newport \ May 23. 9am'PlerU
SUte of Cal Oregon Ports. IMay 23. 11 ami Pier 2t
Pomona ...[Humboldt [May 23. Spm'Pier »
Santa Rosa. San Dies"---.., May 13. llamjPierU
Ener^ria. ...IChina&Japan'May 25. i... ......
I«f. Maiiscal! Mexico tilay 23 |
Umatllla ..Vic & Pgt Sa.JMay 28. 11 ara Pier •
Noyo Cape Nome.... iMay 25 ,
St. Paul.... Cape Nome.... May 25, « #-
Valencia ...'Cape Nome iMay 28 »
Steamer. | Destination. I
Satis.
Pier.
Coos Bay... Xeirport May », 9 am Pier 11
Crescent Cy Crescent Clty.jMay 19, tpm .,
Am. Maru.iChlria&Japan'May 13. 1 pm'PMSS
Kmpire ICoos Bay iMay 19. 5 pm'Pter 13
Arcata (Coos Bar <May 13. SpmiPlerlS
Centennial [Seattle j May 13, 13 m,a W. I
C. D. Lane.jCape Nome.... iMay 21, 2 pnvPier 13
Wai. Waila Vic A Pgi Sd. May 21. It am Pier <?
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 am Pier 11
ZealandU . Cape Nonxs.... May 21. 3 pm Pier 1
North Fork Hurr.boMt May 21. 9 ami Pier 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I May n, SpmiPier J
Sequoia ....Cap* Nome.... IMay 22, 3pm;Pler 3
/Bonita Newport \ May 23. 9am'PlerU
SUte of Cal Oregon Ports. IMay 23. 11 ami Pier 2t
Pomona ...[Humboldt [May 23. Spm'Pier »
Santa Rosa. San Dies"---.., May 13. llamjPierU
Ener^ria. ...IChina&Japan'May 25. i... ......
I«f. Maiiscal! Mexico tilay 23 |
Umatllla ..Vic & Pgt Sa.JMay 28. 11 ara Pier •
Noyo Cape Nome.... iMay 25 ,
St. Paul.... Cape Nome.... May 25, « #-
Valencia ...'Cape Nome iMay 28 »
Steamer.
!
Fro si.
{ Dus.
City of Peking. China, and Japan- !M»t It
Corona San Diego [May M
S*mo« HumboMt _ IMay 1»
Wellington ..... Oyster Harbor...— |May tt
Colon jPanarcsa — iMay 2O
Ptate of Cal (Oregon Ports (May Vt
Robt. AdamsonjTCacalmo _....„. May S3
Pocnora 'Humboldt _ May 71
Bontta INewport _ May II
Kumooldt ISeattle „ IMay 21
Encrgla 1 China and Japan- JMay n
Australia iHonoiulu May 33
Umattlla IVlctorta & Pujtet Sound May 13
Matteawan ITacoma |May 23
Santa Rosa !San Dtero May 23
"Warfleld [Oyster Harbcr...-. May a
Crescent City... .Crescent City...._ IMay 2*
C003 Bay JNewport May 11
Columbia lOretron Ports IMay XI
Point Arena 'Slendocino _...... May ii
Arcata k>re?on Ports May Zt
North Fork IHumboldt : May 24
D ITlme Time ITimel Time
£ Ft. Ft. i 1 Ft. Ft.
• ,H W L. W |H "W| I* W
19 ... 1:51] 5.j\ S:S5— 0.21 4:1? o.ol 9:22 3.»
20 ... 2:57 4.9' -9:47 9.2\ S:0O 5.2 10:J7 J.«
n ... 4:15 4.« l»:40 0.6 S:4^ S.4 11:46 2.0
22 ... S:J7 4.4 11:37 1.1 $:30 5.«! -
L \V H W L -W H W
» ... 0:50 1.3 7:00 4.3 12:35 1.5 T:14 5.9
24 ... 1:43 0.7 8:15 4.4| 1:K 2.0 7:53 «.l
25... 2:4lf 0.0 »:2J| 4.4j- 2:15| 2.3| 8:43 ».*
noOHS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT G £ec~ni — Uo!ib!s and hcusekeyplaff rocnis,
tl Co to SS: tingle, Jl to fl SO; day, lie up.
2*AKER rilO— -Vprcr fleer: 3 runny rooms, bath;
cjirplewly furnished; reasontb!?; r*feranci>s.
CALiroriNIA. S22. near Powell- Lovely fur-'
ruined re-cmf : privilpse Hgtit housekeeping.
CLAY, Sin, recr Fillmore— I large unfurnished
: :rs; yard; water; rear: rrr.t $7.
ETiDY. 917— Pleasant, Fur.ny. crnr.ectir.s house- j
kf-eptns rooms; splendid location; private res.
EPf'Y, t-IC— Ttro or three sunr.v rooms for light
housckeejilrsrj; single room also; private fam-
ily. .
KLLIF5. 32S— Nicely furr.->he<l tor.ny rooms for
hcussckeepinjr: alfo ether rooms.
1"OLSOM, KS4— 2 naay c^nr.ectlnjr hkp?. rms.;
ftove. closet, bath. i>riv.; $li>; also other. $.">-
FOURTH. £25— Fcrr-irhod n*fl! f>r liRht house-
k»^;'.n*r; &'.£•> flnjrle rcoms. '
G. G. ave.. Ci4— Parlrr floor for 5 adults; piano;
thcrr-uehly renovated: a'.r-o single; bath; yard.
HOWARD, C34- Large houteheepinjf room, trlth
u larg^. c!<set.
HOWARD. 88t— Jal-gc Funny parlors, complete
housf Ue>:rir;g. Jl': eulte*. IU*.
KCARNY. 223. nenr Gutter— A fror.t suite. $11;
' gaF. jar.itor perrlc* free. Arplv 15 Grant ave.
MARTHA. 5. cX Gtary, near ilason— Floor 4
,-<ir.'urr.i?he'l r'jcms; no children; reasonable, j
iII??I'">N. 3121— Nice housekTy' 11 !!' rooms; clean;
. h»>a;>; r.uite or Eins'e; no objection to chil-
dren. '
NATOMA. f<3— Tvro sunr.y furnished rooms, J
casipteta for boasekecptnn $11. . i
OAK. li>— 2 sunr.y roon-,s furnished fcr hea%-y I
hoirsok<^Ti-ff: *!<?: 1 '¦»"¦" "it rccm. sun*, Ji.
OCTAVIA. r« B — Five v.-ell-fumished. eunny
roctr«; Uath. ga^ ani coa Istovcs; fC2 50.
OTAJiRELL. 74:— 3 r.icelv furnlnshed house-
rooias; parlor Coor, $is. $io.
PVEXBAXT, IS. bet. Taylor and Jones, near
r '!ay— A sunny bay-wir.dow Fulte; light house-
Leeplatr; bath: nzs.
POLK. lCi>— Thi+e eunny furnished room*,
kitchen, complete; irartien; bath.
El ' " T. 17:3— Three -unfurnished housekeeping
rocc»: uss of bath; JS or $l» month.
THIRD, 3i9— One room complete fer housekeep-
i"S; rent £5 month.
TL"RX. :>.Z— Large front room, complete for
houfeKet-ptng; itas and bath; $; r.O per week.
TWENTY-SIXTH. SOU— 2 unfurnished connect-
injj bay-window roon-.s.
THnHK to five e'.ppantjy famished houseke^p- j
t:j; rooms; all conveniences: rer.t reasonable, i
Address LOUIS Kl"H. f^O VateacU ft.
VXLBSSdK} 834U— Frcnt and back parlor, fur- j
nifhed: pas etove: rea enable: or front room |
• ri kitchen: coal or pas stove. $13; bath.
CL.VEPIFIED advertis-ir.^cts and subscriptions j
rectivel ct Call branch effice, 2203 Fillaiore sc j
A HRANCI1 office for Call r.dvertisements and [
F-jbsrriptlons has been established at 1°5S Va- i
l"icia Ft. j
IIOOMS TO LET — I'urn. and 1'nfnrn. j
A— SSCNSWICK HOUSE, lit P!ith— Rooms '
rrr- to |1 j.?r niiiht. $1 Zi to JS r«"r week, and •
lipht h<H;eek<repin»: ..»i>«n all night. j
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." ST4 Bafh st.. ad- j
Joining the Russ Hotel; 64 rooms: all prices.
BOHEMIA. :» Post. or. Stkn.— Single and cor. !
sunny suites: rir.o^t :a city: h.. c water: cars !
f«ps o>x>r; elevator; tourists accommodated. ;
mrUXKTT. 14» aT-irk^t it. <old No. 1364)— Fur^ j
Dished rm*.. FUites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. sL-fT~nfar Powell^Low rent"; J
runny ru-jni*; handsomely furnished.
CAHROLTON. K'-S Market, cor. Gold»n Gate ]
av— 5u^ny corner; well f urn.; rms. & offices. ;
FHLL. 16— A sunny frcnt room, runnlnff water,
two larse ciasets; also other rooms.
ELLIS. C16 — Eleerart furnished parlors; Etiites
for 2 cr S tenUernen; near C!ty Hall.
FOI^OM. 5€:,, corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
sunny corner nons, suitable for doctor.
rOI^POM. HS. cor. Cth CThe Oliver)— Newly fur- I
ntfhed eunr.y rootr.p. rlr.gle or suites: reason bl.
FOLSO/M. lC3-^unny parlor suite; Columbia
square at foot of etalrs; J15; private.
(JEAHY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlshe.1 j
rooraf; suites, or single; travelers accom' dated.
GRAND SOI'THERN. southeast comer Seventh j
and Mission r\*. — Sunny rv>om». en suite or
5i::gie; ladles' parlor; readlriic room; elevator, j
B AN'COCK H0r?E. Til Mission Et— Select
'amfly rooming 1 hc^ase; Jl 50 to t« per week.
IIAHR1SON. 7S4-i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nS^hed runny rooms; bath; all conveniences; '
homelike; ?1 week up.
HOTEL Francisco— Elejrant suites; «in>rle: tran-
rU~,t: baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. STS — riootns from $1 week up to $5;
I '¦*• to SI nipht; also houeekeeping rooms.
HOVTAR!*, fS4 — Larte, eunny furnished room*,
$1 a vet-It ud; tnuislent.
IT INN A. CC7. cor. Eighth— New furnished b*y-
y. indow room. 11 per week; transient.
?::-- ?II?SION. U16. near 7;h— 2 or 3 nicely fur-
nished trcnt sunny rooms; housekeeping If
derired.
NATOMA. T4>— Furnished rooms; single rooms.
S3: double rooms. 15. per month.
OFARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms? and
r.fnee*; eJevator; electric lights: day, wk.. m<\ i
TOViELL. VX— Light, clean, comfortable rm«. ;
«srtfci cr singlt-s: running water: gas; reas.
P/-SEDALE House. S19 and r.'l Ellis Ft. — Rooms'
DiCfet. 2->c to Si; -week, tl ta 14: open niuht. i
ROYAL HOt'SE. 116 Ellis Et.— IncandTsTent
\:^.\. reading- room, cmoking room and ladies' j
r^.rlor: rooms, p*r night. 35c to $1 50: week, ti :
to fc: month. IS. to $Ti>; elevator on office floor; i
rQi>ni« witli hot and c»-ld water: baths.
F :i K RM AN~A rait ment Houye,"^" Elehth St.. i
near Market— Furnished aad unfurnished.
TSHAKA, *C*. near 4th— Nicely furnished i
Funny room«: nent cheep; quiet house.
THE Bancroft. . 14 Turk — Ohansre'i hande; fur- j
nishei msiTrs; of^ccs; suite, single; J<j, tM mo. ¦
THE OAKS. 11* Third-A Jtooi nximlrtff house i
f.-r rood rw»?p>. IV. HI'GHES, prcprtetor.
A liHANCU ofilt-eft-r Oall advertisements «nd !
»!U^.s¦r•ri^tion« has been «-f=tablisheJ at 10S6 Va- !
Jencia «t- • .
CHEAPEST and bet In America— The Wpekly |
Call. 1? r-aprs, rent to any address in the j
I'nit«»<l £:afs or Canada one y^ar for Jl
ROOMS A\n DOARD.
BHLCRAViA notcl. Polk and CUy-Punny !
fcsv-windew rocn-.y: ru;»erior board: XX* up.
HOTEL Putberland. per. Jonen ami SutU»r ris. — '
ritasart ronny.iiing!* rooms and cuites. Trith
board; flrst-cla»s, with crery convenience.
B 'I'jiIT. 222— Sunny rooms, with board for 2, j
US ,fr month; n!so rar'.cr «uite for 2. JM.
La= PALM At". iSTf- Market st-— Suite of 2 or :
- rrar.; private; hath: «=in. rmf.: board cptlonal. ,
PRIVATE family; larze. refined home; cars cr !
T.-aH:ins d'.ftance; H3 tins'*. J<> couple; no !
'h:l<1rpn: cer.tt crJy: rclcreace required. A. i
P . t.?.x £W. Call office.
VA3> NESS. W3 — Several larce. sunny rooms. !
¦• ;th board terms reasonable; also front ann
back parlor, euitable for doctor; comfortable
hc-ne^
VAN NESS ave.. S44 (Th* Wallace) — Rooms aad
'-'*ard: furnished and unfurnished: itX
SPECIAL 5OTICKS.
PAD tenants ejected fcr f4; collections made: i
rity or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. S^SO. ;
P.OOIT? p»{>ered from J3: whltered. fl up: j
ra'r.tj-ig dor.e. Hartn-.an Tatrt Co.. 31? Third, j
SHWISG MACHINES AND 'SUPPLIES.
RENTED?- r^»ire«l. boupht. eold; machine sup-
ples., t-tandaxd Agency. UZ 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL klaflj bought. *o!d. exchangf-d. rented;
r^l'alrlng at lowest rat*-?. SCS Fourth et.
¦TODUtCC AXIJ \VAIII"I1OI T SES.
riE!;CF.-P.r>DOI.PH~^tcTase" and~Moring Co.
Offlc* «1 Pom ft., cor. Powell; tcl. Main 6713.
X'A«'IFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ao Fillmor" st.; phone Jackson SSi.
TVPEWniTEUS A5D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINs'lN~TTPEWRITERS-We
ttll tc-tter ms'-hinrt f,->r less money than any
house in tho city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Kt^iirtf. :.;¦; California, telephone Main JC6.
LEGAL *J>VEttTlSEMG?rrS.
KOWARDENNAN Imprcvement Co.— Notlre of
intention to change princijjal place of busl-
»:«*•— Notice 1% hrreby given that In pursuance
to tbe written consent of more than two-
:h«rds (J-S) c: the capital stock of the R>
¦Rxrdeman Iroprovemect Co. a corporatioa,
crx-ated under tht laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, whica cald written consent has been
cfctained acd Clod In the office cf said cor-
poration. It is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change ita principal place
cf business front the city and county cf San
Francisco. Etat« of California, to the towa
of Ben Lomond, in the county of Santa Cruz,
fct*t«? cf California. «aid removal or change
to take «fl"ect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three G) wetks from ths publication
cf thic soUce.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this 3d d*y of Mar. A. D.
1*06. KOWAHDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. tsy li. DICKINSON. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAJIEDA HEAT, ESTATE. '
?1!2S-LOT/ BOxlM. north side Alnmeda «fa£.
near Grand et.
1 1T»00— Cottage. S rooms; on Pearl st.j lot
MxlOO. ¦ - ,
J16,C00— For exchange for country property;
house of IS looms, outbuiHinps; let 150x150.
{4?(>1— Water frcnt lot 155*300.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park Ft.. Alameda.
FOR tale In Alameda— A neat new modern cot-
tape of 6 rooms, bath and hall. Including
Mreet Improvements, gas ar.d cement side-
waUs; Iron railings: the house v.as built to
rult owner; bar-mient well cemeMcl: would
»-e a peasant skating room for children: also
}la.«=t«red ceiling; best locality in town; garden
bji«1 lmrn: terms to suit buyer; house can be
MM furnlsh»d or unfurnished. Apply • 1710
Orard et.. Alameda: broacigauge Grand-st.
statin.
SlOOft— COTTAGE 4 rooms. 3 In basement, large
lot: KO. a fir.o ho-jsi of S rooms end bath.
now buildlr.a In center of Alameda. 50-ft. lpt.
J. IT. YOUNG, owner and builler. 1243 Park.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO let to party of grown persons, cheap, 4
larg*> rooms, bath and pantry: 8.11 In No. 1
condition: kitchen partly furnished. Inquire
of \VM. HORST. cor. Santa Clara ave. and
Ninth Ft. " ' '
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED houses from $25 to $150; can eult
all classes. K. D. JUDD & CO., 1421 Park St.,
Alan;eda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— A furnished ir.odern cottage In good
location in Alanrdr. for ths summer. Ad-
dresn C. R. HAXSEN, 104 Geary st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKEU2T REAL ESTATE.
$1500— To close estate; corner lot 115x130; • In
Berkeley; near Ashby Station and 1 block
from streetcar line; with improvements,
b'njse S rooms and bath; larpe barn, wind-
mill and tank. Address EDWARD KOEGE-
MANN. fxwutor, or H. A. POWELL, attor-
ney. 613 Safe Deposit bldg, San Francisco.
JC70O— LOVELT 7-room nevr house, clrss to uni-
versity; on improved street. O. G. MAY &
CO.. Berkeley ttaiion. -.
tTiflf r*TT7F b-room colonial house in the beau-
tiful Scenic Park: larjre let. O. C5. MAT & CO.
HOl'SKS to rent, furnished or unfurnished, for
the summer or by the year. O. G. HAY & CO.
SEE our choice lots in the choicest part of
town— the Sf»n!c Park and Hillegass tracts —
r.cnh ar.d so-ath of the coIleR? grounds. O.
G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley Station.
THOROUGHLY well furnished house, In tht
very best rart of Berkeley, to rent for <
month?: refererces required. Anply to MA-
SON" & McLHNATHEN, adjoining P. O..
Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD FCRXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Ethellhaas, the
furniture deaiT, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICUS.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 103 (fifty
cents p*r Fhare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company v.-ill be payable at the orfioe of the
company. 327 Market -«t., en and after Fri-
day. June 1, i?00. Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 26. 1300, at 12 o'clock m.
W. P. K. GIBSON, Secretary pro tem.
DIVIDEND Notice— Diviaend~Nc7 79 Uwenty-
flve certs per share) o* the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be parable at the
cfac* of the company, S^7 Market St.. on and
after Monday, May tl. 1300. Transfer books
¦will close on Tuesday, May 15. 1S00, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tern.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military supplies.-^ New
i Montgomery Et.. San Francisco. Cal.. May 16
i 1900. Pealed proposals in triplicate will be
I received here until 11 o'clock a. m.; June 6,
1500 and then opened, for- furnishing Sta-
tionery. Hardware, Office Furniture, Saddlery
Leather. Brushes. Buckets, Axle Grease. Lye.
OilF Paints. Sponge. Cotton Waste, etc. Pref-
erence will *><* given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price ar.d quality being equal (Including in
the price of forelpn rroductlcns the duty
thereon) and such preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there. The L'nited States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Proposals for delivery at other
points wUI t> entertained. Information and
blank proposals furnished on application. En-
velopes will be endorsed "Proposals for Mili-
tary Supplies. No. 4121." and addressed CAP-
TAIN OSCAB F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master. V. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for mineral oIL-36 New MoaT
gomery Et.. San Francisco, Cal.. May 16. i&oo.
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m., June 20. 1900, and
then opened, for furnishing and storing here
100,000 gallons Mineral Oil. lJj degrees flash
test, in cases of two flve-galloh cans each
Preference will be Riven to articles of dol
mestic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and Quality being equal (including in
the price of foreign productions the d uty
thereon) and such ptrference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coa*t to tha extent of
the consumption required by the public service
ttere.
The TTnited States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blank projwsals fur-
nished on arT'lieation. Envelcpes will be en-
dorsed ••Proposals for Mineral Oil." and ad-
dressed CAPTAIN OSCAR F. LONG. A»s!st-
aaA Quartermaster, CL 6. Army, Depot Quar-
termaater.
MABRIAGE LICENSES. ~~
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Emmett It- Ilewston, 31, 1503 Sacramento
pti-eet, and Annie L. Dumbrell, 27, U12 Broder-
ick street.
Georee T. Miller, SI. 1147 Mission street, and
Nora Fitzgerald. IS. 1147 Mission etret-t.
A. Sydney -C Wf^t. 25. tZi Turk street, and
llaoel L. Hickiin. Z<\ R3« Turk street.
Arthur W. fitorie. 2i. I'jWi Central avenue,
and Fannie E. Raymond, 19. 13.". Sixth avenue.
Andreas Hanson. 37. "SIS Folsuxn street, and
ICila M. Lambert. -6, Kniahts Landine.
'"harlfs Sheppard. 26. 411* Eighteenth, street.
an<l Johanna M. Hollw-e-e*. 19. 41CG KlgMteenth.
Kdward P. Irtuse. 34. 170$ Waller street, and
Selina. n. Hayden, C2. SCO Van Xess avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAOES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices nynt by
mail rriU not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed »:tli the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ADAMI-In th> city. 13iy 16, 1900, to'ths wife
cf Henry K. Adami, a daughter.
LVNDAHL— In this city. May 10. 1900, to the
wife of Victor Lundahl, a daughter.
REHEISER- In Oakland. May IS. 1900. to the
wife of Joseph Kehelser, a daughter.
SCHRAFT— In this city. May 11. 1900, to the
r.-ife, of W. Hohraft, a son.
SPAULDIXG— In this city. May 10, 1300, to the
wife of Herbert B. Spauldir.g. a daughter.
MAEEIED.
BAILEY— BHOXSO:;- la this city, May 16, 1S00,
by the Rev. H. II. Wiknff. Edtfin L. Bailey
and Grace F. Bronson.- both of Suisun.
TICRXAX- HERBIXG- In this city.-April Cl,
1300, by the Itev. Dr. Turner, Charles T.
Tierr-in ani Annie Deatrice Herring, both of
£an Francisco.
WILLIAME— COGLEY- In this city. May 17, '<
WOO. by Frank H. Kerrigan. Justice of the
Peace. Alfred Y. Williams and Katie H.
Cogley.
DIED.
Adlr, Annie Long, Medora A.
Aigeltlnger, Chaa. A. l!ahon. Kate 8.
BurriFJ". Agrnes O'Connor, James E.
Concannon. Luke lUchardson. Janie T.
¦ Cooper. John A. Btrother, Fleete F.
Gebhardt. Mathilda Vliet, Daria -
Hurley, Michael s
ADIR— In Oakland. May If, 1900, Annie Adlr.
a native of New York, aced 70 years.
ETTriends are rernectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday, May 21, 12C0, at 8:30
o'clock, frcm the residence of ft. C. King, i
S17 Jactei«on street, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary** Cemetery. Oakland.
Members of the Third Order of St. Francis
are respectfully requested to attend the fu-
neral.
AIGELTINGER— In this «rlty. aiay J7. 1200,
Charles August, beloved husband of the late
Anna Maria Aigeltlnger, and father of
Charles. Georce and Edward AljjeltlnKer.
Mrs. Henry Chrirtman and Jtfr*. Emlle*Ku8-
chfl. a native of Muhelm an der F>onau. Wur-
temberar. Germany, aged 79 years and 10
(CTFtineral thi* day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock,
from his late residence. 1774 Ellis street. In-
. terment private. Kindly emit flower*. ¦
BURIUSS— In Crockett. May IS. 1P0O. Asne»r
teioved wlXs of William K. 13urrlss, mother
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AXD EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. Booth JSK
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CRE7V\/\TIOIN.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAX FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
If deceased was a member of ANT ORGAN-
IZATIOX having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the chargo for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service Is 53S.
The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
Colma, San mateo Co.
OFFICE. 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
of Ada, Raymond and Clare Burriss, beloved
daughter of . th© late John and Mary Ryan,
and FlFter cf John. . Richard ' and the
late William Ryan, Mrs. Hooper. Mrs. Moss
and Mrs. Fisher, a native of Grass .Valley.
COXCAXNOX— In this city. May W. 1900, Luke,
beloved, husband of Julia -^Concannon, and
father of Mrs. D. Lolly and the late Mrs.
McCann, a native of County Galway, Ireland,"
aspii 92 years. ¦
E7\The funeral vr!U take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late res!-
dence, UOfi E'eventh street, thence to St. Jo-
senh'w Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 8 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. - ¦ .¦••'
COOPER— In this city. May 16, 1900. John A.,
beloved husband, cf the late Catherine Cooper,
a native of Baltimore. Md., aged €8 years 2
months and s> days.
CTTriends and tu-quaintances and members
of Associate Veterans of Mexican War, Po-
cahontas Tribe Xo. 11, Imp. Order of Red
Men. Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W., and
Iranhce Ledge Xo. 5. K. of P.. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:80 o'clock.- from his late resi-
dence, 220 Brannan street. Interment Cy-
rress Lawn Cemetery. • "* •
GEBHARDT-In this city. May 17, 1SC0. Math-
ilda Julia Gebhardt. beloved wife of L. P.
Gebhardt. mother of Herbert and Stella Geb-
hardt, daughter of William • and' Leria von
Ronn. and sister of William and the late
Avjan3a von Ronn, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased S6 years 1 month and 2 days.
[CTFriMnis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the services this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence. 50« Thirteenth street. ¦ Cremation at
Odd Fallows' Cemetery. Please emit flowers.
HURLEY— In this city. May "17. 1900. Michael,
brother of John Hurley of Oakland, a native
of Irrland, aged 40 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), et 10 o'clock, from -the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
LOXG— In Newark, X. J., May 9, 19C0, Medora
Allen, widow of S. II. Lonir. and sister of
Mrs. Kate M. Stoney of San Francisco, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 56 years.
C^TThe funeral services' were held at St.
Paul's Church. Xewark. Saturday, May 12.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery' this day
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock. ,
MAHOX — A requiem ma?s (month's mind)' will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedral this
day (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, for the re-'
pose of the soul of Kate Sweeny Mahon. be-
loved wife of Frank Mahon, and sister of
Mr?. Joeerh Pescia.
OCOXXOR-In Berkeley. Cal., May IS, 1900,
James S. O'Connor, beloved brother of Mrs.
B. X. Hobson. a native of Ireland, aired 40
years. ~^i
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Paciflo Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to> St. Paul's Church tor services, com-
m?ncins at - o'clock". Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.f
RICHARDSOX— In this cltj». May 17, 1900, Janie
T., beloved wife of Dr. G. II. Richardson,
assistant surgeon, U. S. A., a native of Xova
Scotia., acred *0 years.
CTFuncral this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock,
from the parlors of the Western Addition Fu-
neral Directors, 242S California street, be-
tween Flllmore and -Steiner, thence to Xa-
lional Cemetery, Presidio, for Interment. -Fu-
neral private.
STROTHER— In this city. May 17. 1500. Fleete
F..- beloved husband of Elizabeth Strother, a
native of Washington, I>. C, aged 61 years
anjl 13 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 10S4 Bush street. Intertnent Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
VLIET— In this city. May 17, 1900. Daria Vllet.
well beJoved wife of Gershorn G. Vllet of 1223
Broadway, Oakland, a native of California,
aged 45 years A months and 27 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
CSakurday), at 10 o'clock, at the chapel of the
crematory of the I. O. O. F. Cemetery- Taka
the Geary-street cars. Please omit flowers.The favorite of favorites— Jesse Moore "AA"
whickey. : . . ,.
The funeral of Fireman Henry- O'Neill,
who died Tuesday night at St. Mary's
Hospital from injuries received in the line
of his duty, was held yesterday morning.
The services took place In St. Brigld's
Church. The Fire Department and Vet
erans sent beautiful floral pieces. O'Neill
was a member of Truck Company No. 4.
Funeral of Brave Firemen.
How to care for Bel Elan hares. Tells In Park
News every, .week * •
Policeman Callaghan Injured.
: Policeman' Maurice J. Callaghan of the
Southern \ station, while pursuing a gang
of hoodlums on Bryant street last even
ing, ruptured the ligaments of his right
knee. -: He was .treated at . the Receiving
Hospital. ,,
$3 60 men's vlci kid shoes for $2 50 pair at
the Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market st.*
To Insure Safety in Theaters.
The Supervisors' Joint Fire and Judi
ciary Committee decided yesterday .to
recommend for passage the ordinance
regulating theaters in regara to facilities
In case of fire and providing for. the
safety of the public. The ordinance Is
practically, the same as the one now in
force in New York. All of the local the
atrical managers were present at the
meeting. L. C. Ackerman requested' the
committee to frame the ordinance so that
It would not be retroactive and work a
hardship on the theaters already built.
He stated that the managers were all will
ing to take measures to Insure the publlo
safety, but if they were too radical It
would be an injustice.
Will Seize Personal Property.
Several hundred notices were sent out
from the Assessor's office yesterday to
people who have failed to pay their taxes
on unsecured personal property. The no
tices recite that If the money is not paid
within throe days the property on which
the tax has been levied will be seized. As
sessor Dqdge will send out a wagon next
Monday and his deputies will gather In
any portable property owned by delin
quent taxpayers.
T>r. Bucklsy Takes His Seat.
The Board of Health met last night and
received the credentials of Dr. Vincent P.
Buckley, recently appointed a member of
the board to succeed Dr. Hopkins. Dr.
Buckley made a felicitous- speech. In
which he promised 'to co-operate with his
associates in all matters pertaining, to the
health interests • of tile city. The consid
eration of the resolutions of the Supervi
sors j asking the board for .; its advice In
the selection of a new : hospital site was
deferred for one week. The resignation of
Dr. J. F. Tillman, in charge of the Twen
ty-sixth street , Hospital, ;was accepted,
but his successor was , not appointed.
fj=?Npt,ICEMAN GRAHAM of the Park Station detail, known as the rran
llj) with the eagle eye. made 'a killing, last night and cut another
IT notch In the handle of his trusty gun. adding one to the long list of
slaughters recorded In his .record 'of dead centers. -
Feminine shrieks that* pierced the still air of the park district about 11
o'clock stirred the doughty patrolman. Searching the atmosphere for the
cause of the disturbance, "Copper" Graham located an excited woman yell
ing for assistance from the upper window • of the trim residence at 12S3
Stahyan street. ¦ ,-..-«
burglars In the house!" was the greeting as the patrolman
hove in sight.
"They're In the basement," wag the further cry that brought Graham
up. pistol in hand, ready to slay on 6ight. TJien he went Into ac
tion. Stealthily the bluecoat crawled into the basement window and-sure
enough the dark form of a man loomed before him like a Boer kopje In a
rainstorm. He saw the gleam of a pistol. It was enough.
"Throw up your hands!" shouted Graham.
: A sudden movement that betokened danger, thought the policeman,
and "bang" went his six-shooter. •
Down at the end of the moon-lighted cellar there was a crash and Gra
ham had killed a burglar— not! -
Filled with just pride that a felon lay mortally wounded, perhaps dead,
the patrolman hastened to the side of the prostrate thief. Graham fainted
away .when he discovered he had slain one helpless hen, which had been
perched snugly on a beam of the basement. The burglar had escaped and
his tracks were visible through the open t doorway at the rear of the cellar.
Graham has been slated • for a medal of honor at the next distribution of
prizes for a good policeman.
Some men become poorer as they become
wiser. Information is usually expensive.
Dr. W. H. Mays. resumed practice 1116
Butter, cor.'.Larkln: res., Hotel Granada,*
Music at St. Dominic's.
¦ The usual monthly musical service will
-take place nt St. Dominic's Church to
morrow evening at 7:30 o'clock. The fol
lowing selections will be rendered on the
•prattd organ by Franklin Palmer:
\ "Grand CfcoruF." in B flat fDubols); "Inter
mezzo" <Rh«?;n!*?rger>: "In ParadiFlum" (Du
lx>le); "Toccata" (ilallly); quartet. "VenI
Creator" <J. H. Hvaej; choir, "Gloria" (E.
J>thier): rolo. "I Will Kxtoll Thee" (Costa).
"MIkb Rofdtr; Ptioir. "Ave Maria" fArcadelt):
,t<-nor foIo. "CuJur Anlrnam" (Rossini). J. F.
Vcao: <5u«f and c:i"fii«, ",*v« Maria" <SlIae),
MIsf rtoed»r »r.fl Mrs. Sir.ith; male quartet.
"O Falutaris" (Gn-jnod); fjuartet. '"Adoro Te"
<O. M. I>thW); I*** foIo pjid chorua "Tan
tam Enro" (Wider). Si»r. Wanrell and choir.
When the action of A. . F. and Violet
Stander against C. H. Kingsley. A. Goetz.
Charles Stepp, H. Schlmmel and others
to recover $60,000 paid for Algol copper
mining stock under ulleged misrepre
sentation-comes to trial In the Superior
Court it will be dismissed as far as Kings-
Icy is concerned and carried on 'against
the other defendants only. ¦
KlnRsley was made a defendant as a
matter . of form because he was at one
time president of the company. Edward
Meyers, attorney for the plaintiffs, has
investigated thoroughly and finds that
Mr. Kingsley was in no way connected
with the scheme to sell the stock. Tho
attorney makes a written statement to
that effect. : "
Fraud" in Sale of Copper
Mine Stock.
Had Nothing to Do With Alleged
KINGSLEY FOUND TO
BE ENTIRELY INNOCENT
Injunction Suit Is Brought
Against Railroad by
Commissioners.
SUPERIOR COURT
WILL BOW HEAR
THE RATE CASE
The Fresno rate case is now in the "Su
perior Court. Complaints were filed yes
terday by Attorney (Icneral Ford in ac
tions brought by E. B.' Edson, C. S. Lau
meister and N. Blackstock, constituting
the Board of Railroad Commissioners,
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and the Southern Pacific Com
pany, corporations. The complaints set
lorth about the same facts as those con
tained In the complaint in the case of
J. C. Moore ngalnst the railroad before
the Railroad Commissioners, and the pro
ceedings-had before: the Commissioners.
Also the findings of -the Commissioners
and the order made by 'that board and
then asks for nn order of the court di
recting . the defendant corporations to
comply with the order made by the Rail
road Commissioners and for an order re
straining, and prohibiting the corporations
from charging or collecting a greater sum
than $3 75 for one first-class passenger
fare between the cJtleu of Fresno and San
FrancIfTcq. ¦, , .'¦
Attorney General Ford. Deputy Attor
ney General Sturtevant • and Frank B.
Short of Fresno, as attorneys for. the
plaintiff, presented the matter to presiding
Judge Bahrs and obtained from himan or
der to shojv cause why the prayer of the
petitioners should not be granted. Tho
case will be heard in Department 3 on
Monday morning. •
PASSENGERS FOR
NOME HAVE LOST
THEIR TICKETS
When the steamship Zealandia is ready
to weigh anchor on next Monday to sail
for Nome the police- will be on the lookout
to arrest the holders of a number of tick
ets that have been stolen from the orig
inal buyers. About 800 tickets have been
sold for the trip and the majority of them
have been In the hands of their purchas
ers for many weeks.
Many complaints have been made to the
agents of the steamship, that tickets have
been stolen and the agents have deter
mined to help the losers by apprehending
the thieves if possible. With that object
In view the purser will be instructed to
take up all tickets before the Zealandia
leaves the harbor. .He. will be furnished
with a list of the etoien tickets and the
men who present them will probably be
arrested. This will be a difficult tasK in
turn a large crowd, but special arrange
ments nave been made to facilitate the
work and it is believed that none of
thieves will escape.
It Is anticipated that in some instances
men who have lost their tickets have
lost them at the gambling table. Some of
the gold seekers have been in the city for
months getting ready for the trip, and it
is not unnatural that they should fall
victims to the crowd of bunko and sure
thing men who infest the city. Even in
these cases the police will likely interfere
and restore to the victims the valuables
they have lost. Again, it is likely that
many innocent people may suffer because
they have been induced to buy the stolen
tickets at greatly reduced rates.
Little sympathy Is wasted on the men
who lose their tickets and cash to bunko
men, but the police may be able (through
th<?m to locate some of the crooksiwho are
doing the business.
Many Complaints of Theft
Made to Agents by
Purchasers.
DEATH CLOSES AN
HONORED CAREER
The transport Grant left Manila May 15
with 201 sick soldiers. IS insane, 58 for dis
charge because of disability and 125 pris
oners. The Alcatraz prison now has
about all the guests it can accommodate
and it may b* that room will have to be
sought elsewhere^ if the general average
of arrivals does not decrease.
The big general hospital will have its
capacity overtaxed with the patients on
tho Grant. In this case the brick bar
racks, formerly used as a hospital, will
again be devoted to the same use.
• The remains of ten of the dead soldiers
brought from Mahlla'on tho Thomas were
buried yesterday afternoon at tho Pre
sidio, the cortege was cscortfd by the
Third Artillery Band. Chaplain Potter
officiated. *
Alcatraz Prison and Q-eneral Hospital
Accommodations May Become
Overtaxed.
GRANT COMING WITH
DEAD, SICK AND INSANE
e^i C. BERGIN, a military prisoner
I \ from Alcatraz. made a break for
Ij \ liberty at the Presidio yesterday
and was shot dead by Sergeant
Martin of Troop G. Sixth Cavalry, who
was in charge of the guard. Another
prisoner who made the break with Ber
gin was wounded by one of the guards,
but succeeded in getting away.
Bergin. who was serving a five-year sen
tence on the "rock." was formerly a mem
ber of the Ninth Infantry, but was dls
honorably discharged at the time of his
sentence. He was what is known as a.
;econd-claw prisoner. "With nineteen oth
t<» yesterday morning he was taken over |
o the Pres'idio to break stone for one
if the road? in the general hospital
rrounds. The break occurred at half-past
Z while the prisoners were eating their
unch It was evidently a preconcerted
iffalr. for the two prisoners took advan
age of the absence of two of the guards
alien they made their dash for freedom.
There were five sentries and two non
-ommissioned officers In the guard over
he twenty prisoners. One of the prison
ers was allowed to go to the rear and In j
iccordance with the rules governing pris- j
aners' guards two sentries and a non
•ommissionod officer went with him. This j
reduced the guard to three men with
Sergeant Martin. It was at that time that
Bergin and his companion started.
The prisoners were eating behind the
rear wing of the hospital building and the
two prisoners first turned the corner of
the building and then ran past the hos
pital, across the end of the old parade
ground and toward the trees that till
the canyon between the old parade ground
and the officers' quarters.
The guards are armed with repeating
shotguns loaded with buckshot and they
at once opened fire. They hit both men,
but neither was seriously wounded. The
sentries could not leave the other prison
ers. hoJivever, so Martin with his cavalry
carbine continued on nfter them. When
he reached the hospital guardhouse he
saw the men nearing the trees across the
parade ground.
"Halt!" he cried. "Halt, or I'll kill
you!"
No attention was paid to the command
and thp sergeant stopped suddenly, drew
a quirk siRht on Bergin and fired. The
man was struck almost in the middle of
the back. ; He threw un his hands and
plunged forward into the trees. At the
same time the other man disappeared.
Martin ran across the parade ground
after the second man and for a long time
he scoured the canyon in seach of him!
but the Reach was In vain. Bergin lay
lust inside the outer line of trees. He
had died instantly. The other m;m was
wounded in the leg by one of tho buck
shot from the sentries, but he was not
MISSED A BURGLAR
BUT KILLED A HEN
By a unanimous vote the San Francisco
Improvement Association put Itself on
record last night as being In favor of the
restriction of Japanese immigration.
There was no room for debate on the
matter, as the members of the association
¦who were present were all of one mind.
A. B. Truman offered the resolution and
made a brief speech, in which he declared
that the Japanese in this country, as a
class, constituted the greatest criminal
element in' It. Charles Alpers, In second
ing the resolution, denounced the Japan
ese from an economic point of view. The
resolution adopted by the association Is as
follows:
"Resolved, That this association places
itself on record as being opposed' to un
restricted immigration, and that the
proper authorities be requested to take
•active measures to suppress this immi
gration."
The association also took up the mat
ter of reduced streetcar fares and dis
cussed It at some length. The. question is
already partially In the hands of the
executive committee, but in order to brinfr
all of tho matters in tho Maguire or
dinance before tho executive committee
for thorough investigation, P. M. Mc-
Gushin offered the following: resolution:
"Resolved, That It is the sense of this
association that 2Va-cent streetcar fares
are detrimental to the growth of the city,
it meaning the abolition of the present
transfer system and the reduction of the
wages of streetcar employes.
Mr. McGushin stated that there is a
movement now on foot for the organiza
tion of streetcar employes to fight the
Maguire ordinance. •
The executive committee referred back
to the association the- proposition to levy
a tax on bicycles, with a recommendation
that the matter be dropped. After some
discussion the main body re-referred the
question to the executive committee, on
the ground that they had not heard the
arguments in favor of the proposed tax
from the men who first suggested the
thing. . ¦
The question of a new site for the City
and County Hospital was sent back by the
executive committee without recommen
dation.. A. B. Truman spoke at some
length on the question suggesting that if
the building were removed at all it ought
to be placed in the warmest part of the
city. He thought that Bay District farm
was the proper place for It. Charles Al
pers agreed with him and offered a reso-
MUST STEM TIDE
OF IMMIGRATION
FROM FAR JAPAN
Improvement Association
Goes on Record in Favor
of Restriction.
lution to that effect, which was adopted
by a unanimous vote.
-Closing out ladles' tan ties at 73c per
pair at Monarch Shoe Store, 1345 Mrkt. •
I Fixing Telephone Bates.
The Supervisors* Judiciary Committee
took up the consideration yesterday of an
opinion of City Attorney Lane regarding
a resolution to submit to the people an
amendment to the charter by which tele
phone rates may be regulated by' th<*
board. Lane holds that to be entirely safs
the proposals should take the form of a
bill with an enacting clause. The com
mittee not deeming the opinion as en
lightening them on the proposition dis
posed of the matter by requesting the City
Attorney to advise if It is necessary to
amend the charter to enable the Board of
Supervisors to fix the rates.
A dispatch from Washington printed In
The Call yesterday announced that the
river and harbor bill had been passed
by the House. While this is interesting
In itself, there was a "rider" attpched
to the bill which is of more importance
to the people of middle California than
appeared -from the published matter. At
torney General Tirey L. Ford received a
dispatch from Congressman de Vries
stating that the bill had been passed and
that it contained the "debris resolution."
The history of this resolution is inter
esting. Some time ago the California Leg
islature appropriated $250,000 for the im
pounding of debris in the upper rivers
for the protection of miners and farm
ers. To this the Federal Government
added $250,000. .
The California Debris Commission, com
posed of government engineers, has work
ed for a long time to perfect a system
by which the desired work can be effec
tively accomplished. They finally report
ed to the War Department a system
which would cost $800,000 or $900,000 more
than the combined appropriations. They
declined to go ahead with the work until
the required money was in sight.
When Attorney General ford was In
Washington he was commissioned to In
terest the California delegation in the
matter and to get them to induce the
proper authorities to authorize the be
ginning of this important work without
waiting for an additional appropriation
by Congress. The California representa
tives went to work earnestly and the
"debris resolution" is the result. It is
an authorization on the War Department
to have the work begun. The deflciency
will be made up later. As soon as the
California Debris Commissioners receive
ofllcial notification of the action mention
ed the work will begin.
Hydraulic Miners.
Important Action at Washington in
the Interests of Fanners and
IMPOUNDING DEBRIS
TO BEGIN VERY SOON
injured severely enough to prevent him
getting away.
That the men had been planning to es
cape is certain from the fact that the
man who got away answered in the
morning at rollcall to the name of Lux.
It was said afterward by one of the pris
oners that he was not Lux, but a man
who had taken Lux's place in order to
make the break with Berlin. There are
427 prisoners on the island and it is Im
possible for the guards to tell them
apart, particularly those who have but
recently come from Manila.
Colonel Rawles, commandant of the
Presidio, notified the Coroner's office of
the affair, at the same time saying that
the case was a purelv military one and
should be dealt with by the military au
thorities. The Coroner agreed with this
idea and so the body of Bergln was al
lowed .to remain in the post morgue. Noth
ing has been done'to Sergeant Martin, as
I lie acted entirely within the line of his
duty. In fact, it is taken as a serious
warning to any more prisoners who may
contemplate similar attempts.
Since the custom of bringing prisoners
over from Alcatraz to the , Presidio to i
work around the post has been inaugurat
ed there have been a great many escapes;
in fact, at one time they averaged one a
week. Sometimes shots would be fired
at the escaping prisoners and sometimes
the prisoner would slip off so quietly that
there was no chance for a shot. The pun
ishment for a sentry for allowing a pris
oner to escape is very severe if it can be
shown that the escape was due in any
way to his negligence. For that reason,
to have no excuse for negligence on ti.e
part of the guards, new rules were espe
cially made for their guidance. One para
graph of these orderg provides that there
shall be no more than ten prisoners In a
pquad and it was expected that when the
forty prisoners came over yesterday
morning they would . be divided up
into four squads. But they were divided
Into only two squads, and one of these
was sent to work on the general hospital
grounds. Sergeant Martin was placed in
charge of this squad, with Corporal Per
rln of Troop F, Sixth Cavalry, and Cor
poral Danielson of Company H, Twenty
second Infantry, to assist him. Corporal
Danielson is one of the garrison of the
Island. . .
It was a plain matter of duty with Ser
geant Martin, and he speaks quietly of
the affair as one only of duty. He is one
of the best shots In the service and»has
worn the sharpshooters' badge more than
once, although he has been but three
years a soldier. His comrades and his
officers give him the best of characters,
and his rank as a sergeant after so short
a service speaks well for his record. The
shot he took at the fleeing prisoner was
made at nearly 200 yards. There was no
time to fix hig sights and no time for a
rest. It was after a run of 100 yards and
the sergeant was winded from his exer
tions, but he kept his head and caught
his man just in time.
• But little sympathy Is expressed for the
man who was killed. Guarding prisoners
Is work none of the soldiers want, and be
sides the penalty of an escape falls heav
ily on them. The repeated escapes have
made prisoners' guard a much more seri
ous thing than It hau been and the men
are hoping that now the prisoners will- be
a little less willing to break.
Thp mfptir.g- of tho peneral committee
Jn charge of the eeiobratlon of Memorial,
day. last evening, was productive of a
good deal of business, but the business
transacted was not Its most interesting
feature. Among the communications re
ceived war? one from the Mayor, explain
ing why Sol Oahcn. past department com
mar.der of the Grand Army, and one of its
most rosnectfd members, was not placed
en the Jina::ce committee after he had.
been nominated by a committee invited
to present nam«s. The reason was "an
fye for an oye and a tooth for a tooth."
He h;>d fought the. charter and he is for
ever in political exile f=o long as Phelari
Uv*-s under tile dime.
When the :;j>proprlatlon allowed by the
charter for tho celebration of Memorial
day If made it is necessary that it be
handled by a committee appointed by the
Supervisors, and to make this committee
as satisfactory as possible to the Grand
Army mm a <'ommittee from the various
port? of the oity was asked to make nom
inations. The Dominations were made and
among ihmi was the name of Solomon
• "ahen. When the committee was finally
announced Cahen was not of its number.
"We must punish our enemies," the
Mayor had said but a day or two before.
po, to make sure that there was no mis
take in the omission of the name. E. S.
Salomon, chairman of the executive com
mittee, wrote to the Mayor, asking if the
jirintt-d list, with Cahen omitled, was cor
rect, in reply he received this remark
able letter:
Genera] E. P. Falomor., Parrott Building,
City— Dear Sir: Y"ur letter of May ICth to
hand. I o»>sir«? to say that I received by the
*ame ma.1l rroni Mr. Baliy th«« printed list or
the committee avi>o'-m~i by th" Hoard of Su-
I-ervljiors. which is correct.
The name of XJr. CUKB was orieir.ally sub
mitted by in<> to the board as recommended,
arnonjr nfteon «.thrrs. by a Grand Army com
mittee.' Kriends of the charter, however, ob
jected t* his appointment on the ground that
a* the to?*' a.r>j>r<>i'riated for Memorial day was
for the Cr«t time in this city made i«ossil>le by
the charter no one opposed to the charter
should pcrve under it in any honorary capacity,
«nc! that Mr. Cahen find attacked its most
vital and Important provision; hence hla name
r-tr.inrii on final confirmation of th» com
mittee. Yours truly. JAMES D. PHKLA.v
The members of Gartield Post, of which
Cahen is a member, were up in arms as
Foon as the action and the motive of the '
Mayor were apparent. To have a re- ;
Fpected comratie thrown out of a position
purely honorary and for which his past
service made him eminently fitted, for
reasons >o plainly political, made the Gar- \
field people ready to throw up their part
at the whole oe lebration. and the dele- j
(rates to the me-etfng last evening were
instructed to bring before the general |
committee a resolution rejecting the offer
of the oity to appropriate $5(X), and pro
viding for the payment of the expenses of
the day by an assessment of the posts.
as has always bt-en done heretofore.
There was much debate on the motion. !
but the general idea was to suppress the i
¦whole matter, so as to avoid a scandal.
P. E. Meyers, who made the motion, de- !
Hied that it was made in a spirit of pique, j
He said it was made to show that the |
<Jrand Army can pay its own way without !
bf-ir.g: compelled to pander to a petty poli- j
Tician ir> order to get a paltry $5<X) with a I
lone str!^r to it. When such a sum in I
Fuch a cKjsp was made the means of a J
f^mall political revenge ft was the peneral j
opinion that something should be done to I
show what wa.« thought of it. Rut the
delegates did not wish to raise a scandal,
and po the matter was laid on the table i
»nd a vote of confidence in Mr. Cahen was i
defeated on the ground that he did not )
Tiecd such a puaranty.
The ill-timfd letter was looked upon by]
ell as a mistake— as a petty crow from a '
man small <_ nough to see in the Grand I
Army and a £VX> appropriation food for i
a. political slay in the face. It was lucky '
Tor the Mayor that the committee wished !
to avoid a scandal. ;
The following programme of exercise*
to b»- held In the National Cemetery In the !
JYeFidio was submitted by the programme i
committee and was adopted:
llueic by bend: introductory remark? by the j
president of the day; prayer by chaplain: pon^
ty Plymouth Quartet: readir.R of Lincoln's ad- >
dm* at O;tys»>urK: Bor.j by the quartet: i
j>oem: mu5ie ty the band; oration: pone by
the quartet: salute by Lincoln PoFt flrinir
J'arty; taps by a Imeler from the Unite.! States
army.
On the committee's recommendat'on it I
w?s further derided that Jesse B. Fuller. I
si past department commander, be made I
president of tiu- day: that the prayer be j
by Department Chaplain Drahms;" that
<the address of Lincoln be read by Mrs
Nellie Ht.lbrook Rlinn; that John I*
Bonne be appointed poet, and Henry C.
Dibble be appointed orator.
It was also decider; th;it after the dis
missal of the parade tlio <irai;d Army n.en
Fhotild foirn ix the Lom»iard-str*et en
tra::c<? to the 1'residio. p.nd with such es
cort js is proviot'd, march to the ceme
tery, wheie. ;if;er the graves Ijnve been
flecoratcd. the exercists will \>e held in
the cemetery.
It w.-'.s oec-!de<I to ark earh post to de
1all some meinlrc-rs to assist the decora
tion comntittM. .
The Grai d Army posts of the city will
attend m»-iT)ori.Tl services In Howard Fres
,r>yteriEn Church . on the corner of Oak
*«ind Baker streets. Sunday evening. May
Two Military Convicts From Alcatraz Make a Break
for Liberty and One Is Instantly Killed
by Sergeant Martin.
LABOR COUNCIL
DECIDES TO USE
A SOFTER WORD
"Unfair" Will in Future
Replace the Harsher
"Boycott."
The San Francisco Labor Council has
decided to drop the word "boycott" from
its vocabulary and use the word "unfair"
instead. The latter word Is now used
when a business house or other concern
has been placed on the dbjectionable list,
as was done at last night's meeting, when
action was taken against the shoe house
of .G. M. Kutz & Co., the Popular Res
taurant on Geary street, Whelan Bros,
and the cloakmakers' combination, who
were guilty of locking out union hands
In preference to Japanese and white
"scab" workmen.
It was the declination of the firm of
Kutz it Co. to meet the Labor Council
delegates halfway on a compromise prop
osition that caused the firm to be placed
on the "unfair" list last night.
The Popular Restaurant erred In having
Its interior renovated by non-union work
men employed by J. C. Sellers, who also
got his. name on the "unfair" side of the
union ledger.
Complaint was made against the com
mittee having charge of the printing for
the Caledonian picnic. This body favored
a "scab" house to the exclusion of houses
having the right to use the Allied Printing
Trades union label. .A similar complaint
was made against the Arcade Club, which
society has engaged. a "scab" band of
music for Its picnic at Seaside Gardens
to-morrow.
The reports of the various delegates to
the Council are to the effect that encour
aging conditions exist In the union labor
market. __^_____^_^__
A Restaurant, a Shoe Firm, Ship Con
tractors, and Others Declared
Against at a Meeting
Last Night.
HOW THE MAYOR
FOUND POLITICS
IN PATRIOTISM
Why Sol Cahen Was Thrown
Out of Memorial Day
Committee.
fought the Charter and So May Not
Even Strew Flowers on the
Graves of the Nation's
I>-ad.
ESCAPING PRISONER SHOT
DEAD BY PRESIDIO GUARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ MAY 19, 1900.
14
LATE CHARLES AIGELTINGER.
THE capitalist Charles August Aigel
tincer passed away quietly last
Thursday at his home. 1774 Ellis
street. De,ath . came as the relief
from a prolonged illness. It was never
theless a severe sho.ck to his immediate
relatives and his many friends.
, More than fifty-five years ago' Mr.
Algeltlnger left • his fatherland and
came with sturdy German enterprise
to be a pioneer among the hard*y
men of the West. He* settled in
Wisconsin and made his home there. until
twenty-three years ago, when he left "to
come to San Francisco, where he has
since resided up to the time of his death
an honored and respected member of the
community. He died at the advanced age
of SO years. Deceased left five children—
Charles A. Aigeltlnger, George X. Aigel
tlnger. Edward II. Aigeltinger. the ex-
Supervisor: Mrs. Eliza Christman, and
Mrs. E. Kushel.
The funeral will take place this after
noon at 1 o'clock from his late home.
Convict Killed While Trying: to Escape at Presidio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You ought to see
How Itlany >
Beautiful Premiums
We r.itc
TVltti Teas,
with CofTees.
With Spices.
With Extracts.
With Soda. ;!;.".
Wttti nnkini: Powder.
Graf Amsncaa Iamsnim; Tea Ga.
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. <Bet. Sutter and Post).
HI Market St. (Odd. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
K3 H«yes St. fiS Third St.
1419 Polk St. 521 Mont*nmery A**.
2.M6 Mission St. TOG Larkln St.
30t'»> Sixteenth St. 1S1J IWInadero St.
H6 Ninth St. 473 Halrht St.
2008 Fillinore St. K?S Mission St.
52 Market St. . 2732 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1C53 Washington St. ' «19 F.. l^h St.
1237 Broadway. ' n?3 2M Are.
U10 Seventh St. UZi Pnrk St.. AUmeda.
Bet Taylor and Jones.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
An unuFual chance offered to-«Jay to buyers
of OVERSKIRTS. inc'udlns WHITE PIQUE
SKIRTS. LINEN 6KIRTS. COVERT CLOTH
SKIRTS: aluo a few dozen Kergre and other
woolen materials among the lot.
Our WRAPPER. CORSET AND UNDER-
WEAR deperttner.ts, always of great Interest,
will be f.»rti<-ularly so to to-<lay's buyers.
MARKS BROS.
LADIES" AXD CHILDREN'S reg. 20c Hom.
Sale price 12He pair
l^ADIEF" AXD CHILDREVS rer. I5c Hom.
Sale pric* 17 C pa ij-
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S reg. 20c Hod*.
Rale pric* 2Oc pair
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S reg. 40c Hose.
Sale price yric pa j r
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S re*. Vye H«we.
Sale price 35e pair
LADIES* SILK HOSIERY, rer. prtc* »l.
To-<Jay only KOc pair
*.T
TO-DA Y
TPECIAL. BARGAINS
Saturday and Monday
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, *% 20c
This is a rare bar Rain. Recnlar 23c.
GRAHAM WAFERS, Fig. Bar, Ib 10c
Cocoanut Taffy, Ginger Cakes. Regular 13c.
BEST EsST" EGGS, doz...:l7ic
Finest Creamery Butter, 3 8 q "o~' 35c
Now la the time to pack for winter. Regu-
lar 40c.
CHOICE Ki-.*. BUTTER, square 30c
EXTRA SODA CRACKERS, fe^ 50c
Regular 63c.
Dr. Price's Baking Powder, S? 15c
Take advantage. Regular Ba
Stryker's S^Soap, 7 bars.. 25c
As good as Sapolio. Reffular Sc bar.
Port, Sherry, Angelica, tV 51.00
Extra fine 6-year-old. Regular 49c.
Ammonia Borax Soap, 7 bars- -25c
Finest for bath. Regular te bar. •
Rye and Bourbon Whisky, gal. $2.50
For family medicinal. Resular W.50. ;
PRESS MATCHES, 6 pkgs.... 25c
Regular 5c pk*. *
HEADQt-'ARTERS FOR
CAPE NUME SUPPLIES.
We Know What Yon Want and How to Pack It
AT LOWEST CUT PRICES.
Fend for Monthly Price List Free.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 mll«s.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. "th. 'Phon* S. J92. No Branch- Stores.
Eale's.
Hale's.
g tho 6 o'clock store *&'0.\ f ; <'T|Sili'- : F"~^|
I ' £ il «i&rfK* ¦ *
13 you have to see this store to see how different from other' r>
H stores it Is. to realize how It maintains Its popularity with '%£,'* £j}< >•! "-£<
¦ ', the masses, first of all it's a cash store — to all; fair prices Ki\^t.j"^i> l A I: *L 1*
H to all alike— no hidden concessions: every article sold la *^7<>>W 1 '" ""'* >/O» :
M welcomed back If it isn't satisfactory to the buyer: Its adver- ldr\ K \?$Cfy >n V ' «J
H tising has to be candid, explicit, in all. safe and sure: the / O* V '''
B . store is to-day as we see it— a training school (so to speak)— ''¦i-fiJ iy < rW>,
H for the huge new bulldlns we are erecting- a few drors i*» -^S&HPvK
§3 up Market street, and we are as pleased to say It as others j^ ,.» '.-<-» m S- "C
m are to enjoy it; it's a six o'clock store, and six o'clock vTof^ •"• ''
Eg means much to our employes this time of the year. ' v ~^^«^^!ff '
§ hath fnwok * ou ' h r>eed them for ? MLy
H UQlll luff CIO camping and seaside r^j^Z^\ t L
9 850 turklsh bath towels, unbleached. 19x33 Inches, fast sel- -Q.
a vage. heavy quality each 10c ¦ V-A, \*aafc?YS
i norOQlO soodstuff for dresses. J^^V'^.A
9 pCluillO good dresses for vacation T*j$i&Z'y\\?
S 30CO yards percale, 27 Inches wide. In navy blue, black and Af'^y /'^j&lJt ¦ -'\.
H red grounds, figures and stripes per yard iUs -y--*? / A«r. ¦**,'¦ N.
§ ostrich feather boas S^M^MM^
Pj Just In-new ostrich feather boas, only Just arrived, but fihtM V'Y^ ;
a bought before the biff, advance in prices; these prices are fomlf/di X '^fiifk
3 unusually low for such hlch Krade boas: AriSji i Ir-D
B 30-inch ostrich feathpr l*ias In black: for ?7^»O S22£%!Em~-? \- / ' 1 'V
rj 45-tnch ostrich feather boas In black for.sf!>. **'• V i38S« r s k \JZti A
m 45-inch in llsht gray, solid color 915.OO. SjJIT.r.O '^r®^ 7S&V\
dy 45-inch in natural color ?I5.O» /,|K» / 'fy v T 1 '
H 43-lnch in blue, gray and white combination.. SJUl.OO '/li'V /*&'¦" r \ ' >ft
K| (ostrich boas are one of the distinguishing features >* vjHn* jpr •* l-MPt VSg*
Kj of present wear.) '.ifflKv? ' t/\ - '^~ ?
1 faiHOUS $W$$ made to fit and fit io wear
IJ • our "H. B." real kid glove is made of real kids' skins. ,<s^ -(vliiW^v'^V '
53 2-clasp. quirked fingers ar.d embroidered backs In all .--¦ : :^g.-\ \ VSjQ'Xii 1 '.¦_•*+., yJ^.
3 leading shades S I .Oil ~^l^S,>i\*^^iS^ '£**' L-JB&
K3 a new delivery of our two-clasp suede pique french v *~" (^r'-^&tiSr f.% ¦¦ !\j&?
H - kid gloves in new pastel shades of grays and modes: «**r>7~~;s -/
is a pwell jrlove .si.r.O ,':¦: -..- .'¦¦vfv->\ 1 , >• A : ffiSj
Cj latest shades In fdove<> in cerise, roine. magenta, nee- aK-\'XtgsC&J"^' ••• S*t/*t*
|g tar and mastlque, with fancy embroidery J^fo^figBgS&iO &m$lC JK^L
1 vacation hints
H Hudnut's almond meal, for tan and C&Q& \<^S0^J '¦'". /<***? \ ~sw(ffipp*,
fi sunburn, keeps the pores open and <i'^ ¦**'rfz^*'\ '•' •''¦f*OyVu*3l«W®3i
jg far better for the complexion than Vj ¦;-// IZ- /^jL" • VftPnOG JfV^^*? 1 ¦
[3 Huiinut's cucumber cream, a skin &r Jy »^ ;• v*C/ry 1 ?£5+ !
ga food, builds up tissues o'. the fac? £Fw%>- * / ' "^SSs^t-SJti^ ' fi
?3 about the Face." free for the ask- WE^'-^-J- I n '^*\. \Tt&k' XZ**$rtb~
K pood strong vacation trunk. SO Fr¥*\X* C ]^\ I I *-/<^ '^ar F^ / T
Eg inches Ion?, with four cleats on Txt^t^SiJ 'X* *S^S sGSa 1 / I
Bj top and two on sides, with tray; / \ /*^3i f if 1 5
Ej height of trunk lS'i Inches. H.ale's V^i^y^ ¦ " Q^&XflZM ( ' Y
B stronr. flat top trunk, four cleats / f./ / I ~^. W^feft. /// "111
Ej on top. lin«-n faced, two trays, pood / V 1**/'^ \ rff?SS«ri / / I ]
H lock; 34 inches Ion? .•?s.^r, I / **• -^W$S&*i&;l \
H rxtra strons; trunk, with two trays, / / , SgOrtBjK^ t
¦ linen lined, four cleats on top. / / ] fe'^^3^ "
H brass bumpers ar.d straps: "-II I 1W^«»
a Inches Ions:, 22 inches hlgh...-*10.00 11 \ f^^^jfcSy 2
\^ ' m0^^^^^2^!^^ .,„ ,f ¦¦¦¦¦¦if!