urday nomine he - was shelled by the
tir.t rs. who approached his position trim
thnc Colonel Broadwood at on*e
dlspalclird his artillery baggage towar<l
Jiiocrnf.mtein. covering the retreat witn
mounted Infantry.
IVhlle < rohsing a water course the con
voy and artillery were attacked by a
concealed body of Boers. Horses and
mm were shot down and Ihe British were
thrown into confusion. The result was
the Ir.cjs of five guns from one battery and
tv. n guns from another and all the bag
tape. Th«? casualties reach 350, including
209 missing;.
General CoHille. with the Ninth Divi
sion, ?irriv«=-<i on the scene at noon, fol
lowed by General French, with two caval
ry brigades, two hours later. The light
ing was resumed, and according to a late
report from I,ord Roberts, the Boers were
dislodgf-d and retired to I^adybrand. Be
fore this was done It was reported they
cut off thr- water supply of Bloemfontein.
There was a report in London yester
day thai the lost gun? had been recap
tured, but ih«-re is no confirmation of the J
Etory- *t if racst probable that the Boers j
rent them back as quickly ac possible
jir.d that thofr resistance at the water
works prevented any pursuit by French's
cevalry.
To loee Bruns hae always been consld-
be forced to resume operations before he
has completed his preparations and re
horsed and reelothed his troops. .
It would K(om that the Boers intend to
force the fighting. They have gathered
together an ;»rmy. reorganized it and
placed it iii front and on both flanks of
the principal British army. The force in
front of Central Tucker to the north and
the column to the east, which struck such
a\blov.- at Broadwood, will have to be
reckoned with at once. Lrfjrd Mothuen is
likaly to move with the Yeomanry upon
the\ Boers gathered at Paardeberg. be
tween Bloemfontein nn<! Kimberley.
On\ effect of the British retirement from
> Thabl Nchu is that it leaves the whole
southeastern part of the Free State open
to raiii of the republican forces.
The lilest report concerning Mafeking is
that Cupnel Baden-Powell has been told
by Lore\ Roberts that he must, hold out
until Mat 24— almost two months longer.
It is douijful whether there is any truth
in this nport and still more doubtful
whether tte garrison could resist that
length of t'^ne. A dispatch, from Pretoria
states that occurred on Saturday
around the pwn and that Colonel Plumer
had to retir«\wlth lot*. :
\• ; -
FIGHTING AROUND MAFEKING.
PRETORIA/Sunday, Ajrll L— Cannon-
ROYAL YACHT : AT *KiNGSTOWN "PIER.
during, the. afternoon.. amid .. considerable
enthusiasm on the part of the townspeo
ple-»and her. departure from the station
was comparatively quiet, although quito
a crowd had assembled to cheer the out
going train, i
Not in the history of the Great Western
and London and Northwestern railroads
have greater precautions ever been ob
served to protect the royal train than
those which had been perfected when her
Majesty started northward to-night.
These officials, who have superintended
the transportation of Czars, Kaisers and
the Princes of all nations in and out of
Windsor, have exerted themselves beyond
precedent to insure the safety of the royal
train between Windsor and Holyhead.
LONDON. April 3.— The aggressive ,
tactics which the Boers are now em- j
piojiiig have caused a distinctly un- j.
easy fitting; la England. Owing to
thn srrr?t--Fful victories of I>ord Iiob
rrtF. <-:j'm!"J'.inK in the occupation of
Btaesafoatda and the successful clearing: j
of araM forces out of the southern part i
of the Oranse FVee State, the overconfi- !
richcc which prevailed In inn early days!
t' tr>> war had again taken possession of !
tfc« pe« pie.
: necrspaper dispatches have de- .
r:';ed the disorganized retreat of the j
¦:-: have magnified the number of !
J-urp'-.rrs surrendcrhie Uieh" arms; have j
-tated thai it v.as doubtful whether the j
K.-- ra aronld make another Jetermlne<l |
ard in the Free State, and in many ways !
la . • cccodraged the popular notion that |
•¦)-• backbone of the war was broken anil j
¦!i:=t (•:<• Transvaalerji would do nothing]
in fatarl but a« on the defensive.
These pH-as:np expectations have been :
shattered by the disaster which j
!:r:p IbefaTlen Colonel Hroadwoois' column.
The p-.-r.i he: ezaphaslzcd !n a most strik- •
i:-.Z mr.rrcr th«e fart that the Boers are ;
by nc neenS '(ii^'neartenf-d or broken in i
nillltiiry power.
The latr*: details from Bloemfontein
<¦' ;hs Icf? of t!:e suns aiiU gT»*1ty to the
Gllksitr. OoairnaRdant Orobler, wlio had !
¦ ' Iz'-'i Piatbcrjr Hnd m^Tiat-e-I Ladybrand. j
*'rc.rj; CcloSel Pilfer back, received r<>- ,
Jnlcrn rr.ont.« from WinV.urc and the com- |
blned foxcea pu&bed on to Thaba Xchu. '
FirdirrK the Boers threateninj? an attack j
Ocionel Broadwood. -who commanded the i
rarrison there, retired during Friday ,
r.ipJu on the water works, which are at i
Pacnak Post on the Modd^r River, twenty ;
:nj;-s enst of .Bloemfontein. Early on Bat- i
ered in military circles a disgrace. In the
present war the British have been partic
ularly unfert-jnate in this respect, their
losses in guns having been heavier than in
any similar period of their military his
tory since the American revolution. The
losses of guns up to date are: Nicholsons
Nek, 4; Stormberg, 2: Colenso, 10; near
Biocmnfcntein, 7; total. 23.
. In exchange they have captured only
seven gur.s. five taken with Cronje at
Paardebcrg and two surrendered in the
Free Stale. This is not a very satisfac
tory exchange for a s~<?at military pj-.ver
to make. V.'hat makes th!s less cf men,
and guns mor»j unpalatable to. English
men is the evident fact that !t was due to
lack of precautions, such as any ofllcer
¦would naturally be expected to ta'.ie. The
scouts moving in the advance of Brcad
wood's convey and guiw did not think
that any danger could possibly lurl: in
front of them ar»d did not starch the
banks of Mealie Spruit as they should
have done. The lerson of the first taUi»
of Colenea. of the Stormherg rout and of
half a dozen other enß^emer.ts had bee:i
forgotten. It is .stated In Lord Roberts'
report that the Bjera wer« sojwell hio-
J«-n that the. leaflir.R British Fcoats passed
over the drift without riisrwerins: thtim.
This s<v»ms a ?ad c.-:r.rr.T.:ary on their in
telligence or on th<-> superior cunning cf
tho Boers, which carries with it, its own
moral.
The main Boer force at Krnnrstad al?o
show? eigns? of taking the offensive. It
has advanced to SmaMeol. sixty miles
south of Kroonstad. This is a good evi
donce that the Boers have, gained bold
ness during the British delay, which was
necessary for the reorganization of the
transport service. I^ord Roberts may now
sding was again heard in the direction of
Brandfort Saturday, and it Is stated that
Ishtlng occurred Saturday around Mafc—
king. It is addc-d that Colonel Plumer's
:olumn was forced to retire v/ith loss. No
letails have been received.
HOW BROADWOOD
FELL INTO THE
TRAP OF BOERS
Surprised in a Spruit, .the
British Garrjely Saved
Some cf the Guns.
LONDON. April 2.— The War Office has
I received t!sc following dispatch from
j Lord Roberts/dated i;W>emfnntein. April 1:
"I received news late yesterday evening
i from Cnlonel Broadwocd, who was at
j Thabs Nchu; thlrtyr"eigb.t miles east of
I here, that * information bad reached him
that the enemy was approaching in two
forces— frcm the north, <r.cl the east. He
stated that if the report proved true, he
wovlu retire toward the waterworks,
I seventeen miles nearer Blormfonteln,
wherf we have had a detachment of
mount*. >i< infantry for fh? protection pf
the r:or;:s.'
"Brcadv.-ood was told in reply that .th«
Ninth Division; with Martyr's Mounted
Infantry, will march at daylight to-day
to support him and that if he considered
It necessary he should retire upon the
waterworks. He moved there during the
night and bivouacked. At dawn to-day
he was shelled by the enemy, who at-
PSETOSIA, Saturday, March 31. — There has been heavy fighting between Brandfort and Bloemfon
tein. Tie Wakkfrstroora and Ermelo commandos attacked 7000 British and drova them back with heavy
losses. According- to the reports of the wounded who have arrived here fighting occurred all along the line.
The Federal troops held positions on the side and top of ths mountain, while the Brititsh positions were
on the opposite side of the hill. The British charged repeatedly, but were repulsed. The latest reports say
that the Federals were more than holding their own, but the final result of Vie fighting is not known. The Fed
eral loss was nine killed and wounded.
Exports from Brandfort received later state that 2000 Federals attacked 3000 British successfully,
bet that 13,000 British reinforcements arrived and the Federals were compelled to retire, after punishing the
British severely. The Federal loss, according to these reports, was slight.
tured.
A special dispatch from Bloemfontein,
dated to-day says:
"The loss of the guns was attended by
NO BUBONIC PLAGUE
IN SAN FRANCISCO
? .
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The surgeon general of the Marine Hospital service has received a
report from the surgeon in charge at San Francisco to* the effect that he has completed an examination
of; the three suspected plague cases and that the said examination does not show the presence of bu
bonic plague. • -si'
', Surgeon General Wyman of the Marine Hospital service said to-night when asked about his offi
cial report concerning the bubonic plague at San Francisco: "I can say nothing except that I am highly
gratified by the report given out. to-day. .The facts therein contained speak for themselves and I have no
opinion to express and am able tD give no further details."
tufed. The remainder galloped . away,
covered by Roberts' Horse, which suffer
ed heavily. > .
"Meanwhile Lieutenant Chestermaster?
of Remington's Scouts found a passage
across the spruit unoccupied by the en
emy, by which the remainder of Broad
wood's force crossed. They reformed with
great steadiness, notwithstanding all that
had previously occurred. ¦
"Broadwood's report, which has just
reached me and which contains no details,
stated that he had lost seven guns and
all his baggage. He estimates all his
casualties at about 350, including 200 miss
ing.
"On hearing this morning that Broad
wood was hard pressed. 1 immediately
ordered General French, with two remain
ing cavalry brigades, to follow in support
of the Ninth Division. The latter, after a
magnificent march, arrived on the scene
of action shortly after 2p. m. Broad
wood's force consisted of the Royal
Household Cavalry, the Tenth Hussars,
the Q and U Batteries of the Royal Horso
Artillery and Pilcher's Battalion of
mounted infantry. The. strength of the
'enemy is estimated at' from 8000 tp 10.000.
with guns, the number of which is not
yet reported." '
The War Office received a second dis
patch from Lord Roberts, dated Bloem
fontein, Sunday, April 1, 8:15 p. m., in
which, after referring to his previous tele
gram, he gives a partial list of the miss-
Ing British officers. Of Q Battery four
officers were wounded, two of whom are
missing. One gunner was killed and forty
non-commissioned officers and men are
wounded or missing. Lord Roberts then
continues: .
"In' TJ Battery all are missing except
Major Taylor and a sergeant major. Two
cavalry regiments did not suffer so much.
A report has just come in that the enemy
has retired toward Ladybrand, leaving
twejve wounded officers and some seventy
men at the waterworks. We are now
sending ambulances for them."
It will be noticed that in the foregoing
advices. Lord Roberts says nothing In
regard to the British guns being recap-
tacked on three sides. He immediately
dispatched two horse artillery batteries
and his baggage toward Bloemfontein,
covering some of them with his cavalry.
"Some two mi.les from the waterworks
the road crosses a deep nullah or spruit.
In which during the night a force of
Boers had concealed themselves. So. well
were they hidden that our leading scouts
passed over the drift without discovering
them, and it was not until the wagons anrl
guns were entering the drift that the
Boers showed themselves and opened fire.
Many of the drivers of the artillery horses
were immediately shot down at short
range and several of the guns were cap-
British Artillery Column Under Escort of Cavalry on the March Near Bloemfontein.
From the Sphere. ¦
The above picture was drawn from a photogTaph made of Colonel Broadwood's column of cavalry and artillery as it moved toward Bloem
fontein. It was a like column that was waylaid and captured by the Boers on Saturday last within sight of Bloemfontein.
force in a laagrr at the foot of sons* hills
lying between the Medder and Thabu
Nchu. arM we could also ace them move
nff our convoy to the rear. General Cn\.
ville's division bivouacked on the river
bank Saturday nitrht. awaiting thr arrival
of General French's cavalry."
TERRIBLE TALE OF
SURPRISE AND CARNAGE
BUSHMAN'S KOP. Sunday. April 1 —
Following the scouts nf General French's
cavalry division to the scene of battle the
ccrrespondent witnessed one of the most
terrible spectacles of the war. Horses lay
stiffened in the various attitudes of sud
den death, and mingled among them were
Ghastly human bodies with the wrecks of
wagons and food and forage scattered
wide. Everything told of a terrible tala
Ot surprise and carnage. I
It would be Impossible tn conceive any
thing mere ingenious than the Boer trap,
and the only wonder Is that a single mari
escaped. - - . •
' On crossing th* spruit, where the. ground
rises Immediately toward a grassy knoll,
with stony slopes facing the drift, ono
came upon an Inclosure from which it
was possible to fire over the drift. At this
point the spruit makes a circular bend,
while the south embankment, which Is
protected by the partially constructed
railway embankment, enabled the enernv
to pour in a galling fire on three sides, as
well as a double tier of fire In front.
When the convoy was first attacked a
scene of frightful confusion followed. Th<*
mules stampeded and the wagons were
overturned, while the concealed enemy
poured In a deadly fire.
When the first battery appeared the
Boers seemed undesirous of continuing
the slaughter and called upon the British
to surrender. At that moment, however,
B Battery, which was escaping from the
rear of the convoy under heavy fire,
wheeled into action and began shelling
the Boers with the four remaining guns.
The Boers confess that this battery ac
counted for five killed and nine wounded
of their losses.
Early In the afternoon the Boers col
lected about the convoy began removing
the guns and wagons and permitted the
collection of the British dead and wound
ed. Our actual casualties were less than
had been expected.
Despite this regrettable Incident. It !.<*
Impossible not to admire the gallant man
ner In which the little force was able tn
extricate itself from an almost hopeless
position. .
SOME PRISONERS MUST
BE SENT TO ST. HELENA
LONDON. April 2.— ln the House of
Commons to-day, answering a question on
the subject, the Government leader. Mr.
Balfour. confirmed the statement that
Premier Schreiner had expressed an ob
jection to the removal of the Boer pris
oners to the Island of St. Helena. Thf
Government, he added, had fully consid
ered the objection, but was unable to al
ter its policy of sending a certain number
of the prisoners to St. Helena. He ex
plained that this policy was partially dic
tated by military consideration*..
incidents of splendid heroism. The Irat!- |
ing battery was io near the Boers' ambus- j
cades in the river be.l that the latter said: j
'It is useless, your attempting to advance. j
Throw down your arms.' The sergeant of .
the battery, fearing: the other battery j
would misunderstand the hindrances. ;
rushed through the convoy and warned j
his comrades, enabling, the rearmost bat- j
tery to save a portion of the guns which I
came into action late.r. Life Guardsmen
and a gunner got a gun out under a tre- j
mendous firs and four others were saved
by the men dragging therh eff after their ,
horses had teen shot."
. BI'SHMAN'S KOP, Sunday. April I.— j
The Boers who were hidden in the spruit !
when the British suns were captured j
were commanded by Relchman. a German- j
American. ' ' i
The Boers retired this mcrntntr when j
they discovered the British scouts, leav- j
injf two Dufch military attach^?, one of j
them dangerously v.-ounde.d. in the hands i
o* the British. "All the wounded are do-
Ing well. Cii *¦•:¦• --•-*•• .'"'l
• Kvery onj agrees that but for Colonel j
Broadwood's splendid handling of his •
troops, not a member of the force would <
have escaped. The Boers are still hold- !
ing the waterworks and the line of hills j
behind them. ,
The foregoing dispatch settles the dis
puted point, arising from the discrepancy
in the dispatch from Bushman's Kop of
Saturday and Lord Roberts' dispatch of
yesterday, referring to the time the en
gagement between the British and Boers
occurred, which Is now shown to be Satur
day and not Sunday, as might have been
inferred from the message of the com
mander-ln-chief.
BAD MANAGEMENT
AMONG BRITISH TROOPS
LONDON. April 3.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Times, telegraphing
Sunday with reference to the capture of
the convoy, says: Y:sT./'.Y :s T. /'.
"The whole affair was a flash, intended
to frighten Free Staters who were desir
ous of surrendering to Lord Roberts.
When General Colville arrived, although
he was almost destitute of mounted men
and had marched eighteen miles, he de
termined to turn the- river, crossing at
some point lower down than that occu
pied by the enemy. Accordingly. General
Smith-Dorrien's 1 brigade. Including the
Canadians, attempted another drift, which
turned the enemy's original position.
"For som£ reason Lieutenant Colonel
Flint's artillery was detached at 2 o'clock
to the right, where it remained for a con
siderable period, 'shelling at. 5000 yards
range three of the enemy's guns that were
placed in the open in the vicinity of Col
onel Broadwood's encampment.
"Consequently a large force of Boers
visible on the far side of the ilodder es
caped punishment and retired slowly as
our Infantry advanced. Finally our guns
took up a position on rising ground be
tween the two brigades, thus commanding
both drifts, but by that time their sup
port was not needed, as the only resist
ance, to tne advance of the British infan
try came from guns firing shrapnel at far
too long range.
"We could, however, see the enemy In
THE QUE-N ENi'LßiNti H£R CARRIAGE.
The ab;ivf picture was published by the I^ondon Dally Graphfc on the
ocrask n of her Majesty's recent visit to London in honor of the relief of ,
Klmberley and Ladysmith. Leaning on the arm of h«»r Indian attendant on
the one side and supporting: herself -with her cane on the other, she walks up
a broad carpeted board to her seat, dispensing with the use of the steps of .
the enrr'-age altogether.
Royal train? seldom run at night, tv.it
the Queen, who is especially adverse to
fast travel. stfTju'iUed * v .nt the trip should
occupy cloven hours, although It is
usually, coverod in six. This slowness nt
a time when traffic is light was one of tbe
reasons for deciding upon a night run.
The preparations for the trip had been
handled for weeks and the train had al
ready run every foot of the route and
every particle of the apparatus of the
train and the 'rack h;id been subjected to
the most cart-ful inspection.
no matter how small, were imperatively
required to bf en duty half an hour be
fore the roj.il train wa* dv* to examine
personally as to signals and switches andl
to see that all were in proper working or
der.
The pilot eneine named "Prine* of
Wales" was run a quarter of an hour
ahead of the royal train and after its
passage all tracks were kf-pt absolutely
clear.
The royal train was drawn by two loco
motives with expert engineers and a com-
Leaving Windsor :he royal train was in
the hards >)T the Great Western Com
pany's officials to Bushberry, where the
London and Northwestern Company's of
ficials assumed responsibility at midnight.
when the Journey by way of Crewe ar.d
Chester to Holyhead begun. The officials
of the latter line will have little sleep to
night.
Station masters, operators and track in
spectors at every station along the route.
plete staff nf railway experts and electri
cians accompanied the train for Immt
dlate action In case anything should g»
wrong.
DUBLIN. April 2.— A1l Dublin, and in,
truth all Ireland, is on the qul vive Jn an
ticipation of the Qiwn's coming-. Crowds*
are pouring in from all points, and it is
estimated that the normal population of
Dublin. nCO.OOO. will by Wednesday hay*»
?^I lenton to i-^-WO- From Belfast alono
10.000 are expected.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by t*he New York Herald Company.
Arrival of Reinforcements Prevented the Annihilation of
the British Force That Had Been So
Cleverly Trapped. .
Although Colonel Broadwood's Column Fought
Gamely, Seven Cannon and 350 Men Were
> Lost in the Encounter.
Railway Managers Take Most Extraordinary Precautions to
Prevent Accident During the Slow
Nicht Tk?i\/pI
INIg I I L II Ct V v-/l i
LONDON. April 3, 12:10 a. .m.— Queen
Victoria left Windsor at half-past
9 last evening en ront^for Ireland.
Her Majesty was accompanied by
Princess Christian and Prince Hen
ry of Battenburg and Is attended by the
Countess of Antrim. HQn. Harriet Phipps;
Sir Arthur Biggs, private secretary to the
Queen: Sir Fleet wood Edwards, keeper of
her Majesty's private purse, and Captain
Ponsonby.
The Queen had driven out to Frogmore
QUEEN VICTORIA STARTS ON
HER JOURNEY TO IRELAND
CAPTURE OF MEN AND GUNS
BY DARING BOERS CAUSES
UNEASINESS IN ENGLAND
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. IM.
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
The San Francisco CalSTRENGTHEN
YOUR NERVES.
Practical Hints to Those Who
Suffer From Weak
Nerves.
A SERIOUS CONDITION THAT TOO
OFTEN PROVES FATAL.
Statistics prov« thtt about 75 per cent of
th« a£ult i*>puletion Fuffer iron nervoun dis
ease, more or Jes« severe.
The prevalence of uervous di*iase» led tgcien
tinc invert itrator-s Into this field of work, in
or<J«-r to discover a means to overcome these
baneful atf'-ctlons. The reeu.lt wiia the discov
ery of- the Grvat Hudyan.
HUDYAN ie within the reach of every one
who n^».<J» St. People formerly paid large
sum* to obtain it. In every- instance their
mun>->- was well epent, for Hudyan Invariably
tur.-d .dlFea*>i« of the nervous system. Medical
cheiriietry having aided us. this valuable rem
rCy has been concentrated bo that it '.a new
within the reach of every man or woman.
lvi curative r-n*pnties are Ju« the same as
when people had to pay IIWJ for It.
¦ HI7PYAN i? for men and women who are
ireak. pale, nervous ar.<i who suffer with he&d
fa r. • -. •leeplesfnest*. Irafalred dinestion, dizzl
iif*, costlveneK* ar.d the many other symptoms
ttMX denote a weakened condition of the nerves.
\Vom<-n who suffer the many reSex nervous
<ili*turl>nnc<-» due to disorders peculiar to their
t-^-x w.U find that liudyan will relieve and
cure tt.ern.
Men who are weak ar.d nervous and not able
to apply th«r.nelv»fi to any tn«k will find In
2 »--•:«. :*.;» & |<ositlve cure.
liudyan U for fale by rfrucgists— soc a p&ck
*.**¦ or six package* for tz so.
It your dru-rgiist does not keep Hudyan eend
direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
Cor. Stockton, Ellis tea Market Sis.,
FAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
?_ _ ¦' *? of trje riudyan Remedy
innpTHDCI Co. n>ay be consulted
i DUL I UnO | by letter or In person.
•? ' ? Write your s/mptonjs.
FEND FOR CIRCCI.ARS AND TESTIMO-
NIALS OF THE GREAT HUDTAN— FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENATOR MfiSON SAYS:
THE effect will be bad for every
body. Workinpnan will say:
'The Republican party has gone
back on protection and passed a
tariff-for-revenue bill.' The people
will say that we have broken the
made by General Miles
when the Porto. Rlcan laid his hand
in ours. The President will say we
have failed to do our plain duty.
The nations of the world will say wo
have broken faith with a weak peo
ple. The Porto Rican will say that
we are Spaniards. The poet will say
this is "the land of the free and the
home of the brave— S3 per cent free
and 15 per cent brave.' "
ORATORY AND
REPARTEE IN
UPPER- HOUSE
Depew, Spooner and Perkins
Speak in Support of
the Bill.
Final Vote Will Be Taken This After
noon and Advocates of the
Tariff Predict a
Victory.
WASHINGTON. April 2.—Advo
cates and opponents of the Por
to Rican tariff and Government
bill waged a vigorous war in the
Senate to-day for more 'than
seven hours. Long before the Senate con
vened at 11 o"clock the galleries were
crowded, and so they remained until the
Senate adjourned. Those who listened to
the debate to-day were well repaid. The
speeches were good and the running debate
unusually bright and lively. During the
f ;>eech of Spooner of Wisconsin the cham
ber seemed to scintillate with sparks as
he crossed argument! ve swords with some
of the best debaters on the Democratic
eide. -
Bate cf Tennessee opened the discussion
of the day with a carefully prepared
speech In opposition to the bill. He was
followed by Cullom (R.) of. Illinois in a
vigorous speech supporting the measure.
Then came Depew of New York, member
of the committee which framed the bill,
¦who made an eloquent and forceful de
fense of the measure. Sp6oner. who spoke
next, was followed by l'erkins of Califor
nia, also a member of the committee on
Porto Rico, who presented a strong argu
ment for the MIL The closing speech was
Ci Uvered by Simon iR.) of Oregon, who,
la rriti< iziiifr the measure, entered into a
brief discussion of the political effects of
ils passage.
The final vote on the bill will be taken
late to-morrow afternoon. It is arranged
for 4 o'clock; but an effort will be made
to extend the time for debate beyond that
hour.
Vest and Bate Lead .Off,
Vest of Missouri, rising: to a question of
privilege, s--aid upon his return to the city
after an abser.ee on account of illness, he
had found that on the vote to strike out
th«> provision in the Porio Riean bill for
a duty of IS p-^r of the Dingley duties
he had l>*-en rioted as absent and not
paired. He explained that he had a gen
•eral pair, which he thought was sullicient.
Had ho bec-n present he would have voted
to strike out the duty on Porto Kican
products.
• Proceeding, he directed attention to a
notable case, which h^ said had been
overlooked In all the argument?. A sailor
named Koss had shipped on an. American
merchantman from New York" to Xaga-
Fakl. At the la-tter point he had murdered
a fellow seaman on the vessel's deck and
was convicted arid sentenced to death by
a Consular court. His sentence was CGm
mutt*d to Imprisonment for life in the
A.ba.ny <N. V.) Penitentiary. He sued out
a writ of habeas corpus, the ground be
ing that he had not been given a trial by
Jury, as Insured by the constitution. The
Supreme Court decided that he had had a
fair trial and must remain in prison: that
in order to avail himself of the right to
trial by jury, the vessel must have been
within the territorial limits of the United
States.
Vest said he would like any Senator to
explain how the Supreme Court could
come to that conclusion, and state em- 1
phatlcal'y that within the territorial lim
its of Hie United States the constitution*
applies without act of Congress or treaty
stipulation, and yet agree that a different
tariff can be imposed on the people of
Porto Rico from that imposed on the peo
ple of Missouri.
Bate of Tennessee, after the Porto
Rlcan bill had been laid formally before
the Senate, delivered his announced
speech ir. opposition to the pendir.K bill.
He directed his arjr^mor.t particularly
apainst the pending Porto Rican bill, but
his speech embraced the whole question
of expansion and the treatment by the
Goveri)mei(t and by Congress of our in
fular possessions. He took strong ground
against the acquisition of Spanish terri
tory under the treaty of Paris— against
which he voted— and inquired:
Can the American people acquire from an
other nation by purchafi- the moral ripht to
govern 10.000.000 people ap»iti!-t their consent,
ivben attested to by • forcible resistance — that
rightful rcbelllcsi which our revolution conse
crated for all time? There is not a page, not
a paraf-raph in our history ¦which sustain? the
r:»thtfulness of purchasing people — 10,(*>0,0O0 In
one batch— like cattle in box cars. • • •
I vai opposed to acquiring the Islands of
F;aJn. and for that reason vot<-<l arair.st the
ratification of th* treaty of I-arif-. I am op
pof-**d to the retention of those islands a mo
ment ]<~.n*rer than is necessary to re-establish
order and Ecvereirr.ty. But co long as the
islands are under our control and so long as
our fla*r floats there* the representative of our
authority. I shall, as far as may be within
my power, advocate and supj-ort the extension
to those people o* every privilege, ripht and
DON'T
ARGUE
WITH A
LAME BACK.
James A* Shay, of the New York "Clipper." writes as follows i
"I cannot find language to express what I think of Warner's Safe Cure. For
some years I suffered with kidney (rouble and lame back, and could not attend to
business, and at times I could hardly walk. I consulted the best doctors I could
hear of, and spent hundreds of dollars purchasing medicine to reliere me, but
could obtain no relief and one year ago I began to take Warner's Safe Cure. I
used it faithfully for three months, and improved greatly, and to-day consider
myself among these who are strong and healthy. I regard Warner's Safe Cure
as the one thing in this world needful to those suffering from kidney trouble."
REDUCTION OF
THE WAR TAX
SEEMS LIKELY
House Adopts a Significant
Resolution Presented
by Payne.
Asks for Information as to the Sur
plus to Be Created Under the
Workings of the Pres
ent Law.
> ' ' '"
WASHINGTON. April 2.— A possible re
duction oi the war taxes was foreshadow
ed in a resolution adopted by the House
to-day, calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury for information as to the prob
able surplus, that the "existing revenue
laws would create during this and .the
coming fiscal year. The resolution was
presented by Payne, the floor leader of
the majority.
Richardson of Tennessee asked if it
covered anything save the Internal rev
enue taxation under the war revenue act.
Payne replied that it did not. There was
no division on the adoption of the resolu
tion, which was as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treas
ury be and is hereby requested to inform
the House of Representatives whether, in his
opinion, based upon such knowledge as he
has, the present laws for the ralßlng of revenue
are creating and will continue to create a
surplus In the treasury, over and above the
wants of the Government, and if bo-, to what
extent at the end of the current liscal year,
and a like report as to the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1901; that he also report to the House
his estimate of the probable receipts of the
treasury from all sources of revenue for these
years, to wit: Customs, internal revenue and
miscellaneous sources.
Resolved. That he also report to the House
the amount of Internal revenue taxes received
under the war revenue act of June 13, IS^iS.
upon articles not theretofore taxed; that said
statement be itemized as fas as possible for
the year ending June 30, 1599, and lor the
nine months ending March 31, 1900.
Grosvenor of Ohio then introduced the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treas
ury be, and he hereby is, requested to report
to the House of Representatives the names of
firms, persons and corporations who from time
to time have paid customs duties on goods
and articles of every description which have
entered the United States from Porto Rico
since the treaty with Spain, with the articles
and amounts paid by each and the dates of
such payments.
Mcßae of Arkansas offered an amend
ment, adding to the resolution the fol
lowing words:
And also, if possible, from whom these Im
porters purchased said goods.*
Grosvenor declined to accept the amend
ment and the Democrats forced an aye
and no vote upon it. The amendment was
lost, 61 to 89, and the resolution was then
adopted with division.
This being District of Columbia day, the
House then proceeded to the consideration
or the district bill, passing among other
measures a bill to increase the tax on
premiums of foreign insurance companies
doing business in the District of Colum
bia, from one to two and a half per cent.
Curtis of Kansas moved the passage
under the suspension of the rules of the
Senate bill to ratify the agreement with
the Bannock and Shoshone Indians of
the Fort Hall reservation in Idaho. The
House Committee had amended the bill
to include ratification of th* Kiowa, Co
manche and Apache agreement for open
ing to settlement 2,500,000 acres in Okla
homa. The land in the Fort Hall reserva
tion aggregated 418,000 acres. Wilson of
Idaho and others advocated the passage
of the bill and it was passed without di
vision.
A Senate bill was passed to appropriate
$100,000 for the establishment of a military
post- at Sheridan. Wyo.
Stopn the CouCh and Works Off the Cold.
Laxative - Bromo-Qulntne Tablets cur* a cold
In one day. No cure, no pay. Price 25c.
FOR U.S. HAYY YARD ANI/YALLEJQ,
Steamer "Montlce'-ta.**
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. Jxd Sat. at 9-45
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p.. m. (ex. Th«rs. night); Fri-
days, Ip. m. and 8:30; Sundaj*. 10:30 a. m 8
p. m. Landing and offlce. Ml-cton-street Dock.
Pier No. I. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE .• / joo
DIRECT. LINTS TO HAVRE-PARIS? TV~.
tailing every Thursday Instead of iffi&K,
Saturday, from November J. is» at S*-6*-£
Havre. 160 and upward; S per cent reduction
on round trip. Second clasTto Haw $45$
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. Baa Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL:
TOYO KISEN KAISDA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 d. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calllnir at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salline.
SS. NIPPON MARU
• Wednesday. April 2Sth" I<WO
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday, May 19th. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU f1.!.:...:.
......Thursday, June 14tiC*190C
Via Honolulu. *
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fo?
freight and passage apply at company's offlc«.
421 Market st.. corner First.
¦W. H. AVERT. General Agent
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ* for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for. Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
523 Market St.. 6. F.— (Send for Circular.)
SAW EDGES
Are all right on saws, but people don't
care for them on their collars or cuffs.
Our careful methods give you perfect
work, which is shown in the beauty of
the finish'and the immaculate color of
your linen when it ft done up at the
United States Laundry. Off to •
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland "Office. 514 Eleventh St
WOODLAND, April 2.— lntermittent
showers" to-day have greatly refreshed
growing grain and materially Improved
crop prospects. Nearly half an inch ha 3
fallen eince Sunday morning.
OCEAN TBAVEI*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway
tuE. wharf. San Francisco:
RSy^^ For A!a.«krin pcrts— lo a, m.,
rV£??2K A r ril -¦• <• "• 1( -- 21 * -''¦ M*-vM *- v 1*
£S-**»sBrVS^ Change to company's steamers
I'*«\3h3 V^ ** cr Victoria, Vancouver CD.
re^*y^-»«y\1 C), Port T.-)-vn»»nJ. Seattle.
Taeoma. Everett. Anacortes
ar.l New Whatecm iWash.)—
*H 10 a. m.. April 1. 8 11. 14. tl.
28; May 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
chanxe at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Taeoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka Humboiat Bay— 2 p. m.. April 4,
9. 14. 19. 24, 23; May 4, and every fifta day there-
after.
For Santa Cru2. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles), and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 1. S. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Tan Diego, stopping only at Port HarfoM
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo«
Angeles and Redondo <Lo« Angeles) — 11 a, m.,
April 3. 7. 11. 13. 19. 23. 27; May 1, aad every
fourth -lay thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magtfalena Bay. San Jewe del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)-— lO a. m.. 7th of sacht
month.
For further information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to cnar.jr*i
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without rrevious notice.
TICRKT OKFHJE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. G«n. Airts..
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MINISTERS TO BE THE
GUESTS OF A CHURCH
Richmond Congregational Members
to Meet the Preachers of Their
Denomination.
The San Francisco Association of Con
gregational Churches and Ministers will
meet the congregation of the Richmond
Congregational Church on Thursday af
ternoon. The programme for the occa
sion is as follows:
2:20 p. m., preliminary meeting of committee
on membership, consisting of Brethren Pond.
Rader, Dickson, Dexter. Searby and the regis
trar. 2:30 p. m., call to order, election of
moderator and scribe; reports of committees.
3*45 p. m., service for spiritual fellowshiD, led
by Rev. S. R. Yarrow. 4:30 p. m., "The Provi
dence of God Mysterious," Rev. C. R. Pom
eroy D.D. 4:55 p. m., "The Providence of
God Misunderstood." Rev. I. H. Wllley. D.D.
6:30 p. m., after supper feast. Pastor Coombe
presiding. 7:30 p. m., devotional exercises, the
moderator. 7:45 p. m., "The Providence of God
Over All," Rev. F. L Wheat. 8:15 p. m., "The
Providence of God Over Ruling," Rev. S.
Slocombe. 8:23 p. m.. "The Providence of God
Co-operative," Rev. F. B. Cherington. ; :
Vi": TOCALOMA, *{?."
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; fishlnit; beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERT-
RAND or Pohl*s shoe store. 32% Kearny St.. S.
F., every Friday from 2 to & o'clock.
PAYNE EXPLAINS
HIS RESOLUTION
WASHINGTON. April 2.— The resolution
of Chairman Payne of the Ways and Means
Committee relative to the Treasury sur
plus and the probable income and en
pensea of the Government results from
the desire of the Ways and Means Com
mittee to know whether it will be safe to
recommend any reduction in the present
sources of income. After the adoption of
the resolution by the House Payne au
thorized the following statement:
¦The object of the resolution Is to get In
formation from the Secretary of the Treasury
that will enable the Ways and Means Com
mittee to determine whether It Is safe to at
tempt'a reduction, of the revenue, and In cane
that Is decided affirmatively, then along what
lines this reduction should be made. It is
true tfiere is a surplus of $54,000,000 for the
nine months ending Saturday last and $16.
500,000 for the month of March. Whether this
surplus is to be Increased or not for the
balance of the fiscal year is one of- the ques
tions on which we deßire Information.
Should all of the $85,000,000 of bonds which
can be refunded under the refunding act be
presented, some $83,000,000 would be absorbed
In this operation. It will require $20,»KW.*X)0 to
refund the bonds already deposited with the
Secretary of the Treasury under the act re
cently passed. What we desire to know Is the
effect of this upon the surplus and the prob
able expenses of the next fiscal year. In order
to safely determine upon a reduction of the
revenue.
Mr. Payne was asked if he considered it
probable that legislation for this reduc
tion would be presented at this session of
Congress.
"I cannot say as to that until we get
the information. If any action is taken
sufficient reduction can be made under
the war revenue act, which was an emer
gency act passed In IS9B. I am opposed to
interfering In any way with the Dlngley
tariff law of 1897."
PASO
ROBLES
Hot Sulphur Springs.
OTTO E. NEVER, Proprietor.
ONE OF THE MOST NOTED MINERAL
spring resorts and sanitariums in America.
Open all the year round. Marvelous cures of
rheumatism, blood, liver, kidney and stomach
disorders. Famous mud and sand baths. Ele-
gant hotel accommodations. Rates. Including
board, lodging, use of baths and advice of
resident physician. $10 to $23.
special Hound-Trip . ebats Tickets.
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Main 1049. No. 640 Market St.. S. F.
FAMOUS
CILROYBOT SPRINGS!
The waters are noted for their thousands of!
cures of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
PolsonlnK Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and ail Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cott&jres renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Huntintr and flsh-
Ing. No fogs, t'nequaled for health, rest and,
recreation. Rates. *12 to $14 per week. Train*
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. f a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address)
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
immunity which the people of the States en-
Cullom addressed the Senate briefly In
support of the bill. In the course of his
speech, referring to the opposition to the
bill. Cullom said:
L«t the truth be known. This whole "free
trade" scheme is nothing on earth but a de
ception, delusion and a snare to mak<rour
people believe that we are oppressing poor
Porto Rico. Let the truth be known /,. w^ ult^ 1 !r
may happen. Any candid man I think, must
admit that this bill is in the interest of the
people of Porto Rica
Depew Supports the Bill.
D<?pew of New York then delivered his
announced speech. He vigorously sup
ported the pending measure and was
given a cordial hearing, iollowing Is De
pew's six.'ech:
What is all this contention about? What
i« the aiple of discord which is lashing »ome
friends to fury? The President proposed .free
tra.ie. and this bill gives free trade in all the
necessaries of life, in all implements and man
ufactures required for the resuscitation, de- .
velopment and working of industries, ana a
tariff amountine, on the average, to 6 per cent
upon the market vulue of other products.
This tariff comes off by operation of law
in two years, and as much souner as the peo
i.'.e of the island, through their own Legisla
ture, decidt to abolish it, because they can
raise the revenues necessary for the support
cf their government. . their roads, and their
schools anJ for their general welfare by _ di
rect taxation. The opposition to this bill Is
the rtsJlt of the usual tactical operations for
advantageous positions in a Presidential year.
The Calhoun theory of the constitution and
the century-old fight of free trade' to destroy
limtwtion have made a united and det-i-erate
charge uj>on the policy anJ provisions of this
measure. The Ex-mocrattc position In regard
to our Island territories is clearly denned.
They will claim that the moment any terri
tori becomes tlie property *of the United States
by conquest, purchase, ctssion or discovery, it
is under our constitution and laws; that its
people and products have the same rights and
are entitled to the same freedom of movement
nil over the I'nited .States as the people and
products of any .State in the I'nion; that state
hood must speedily come and cannot be de
nied. This would break down every protective
barrier against i»au[«r labor and admit free
into our ports the things produced by people
working in our tropical possessions for a few
cents a day and would degrade our citlzen
*hlp, and. therefore, if they get In power they
will at once abandon these islands.
The Republican party stands upon the action
of Jefferson. Monroe, Jackson. Polk. Pierce and
Peward thai Congress has the power to govern
these acquisitions subject only to the prohi
bitions or the constitution. I recall for the
consideration and admonition of my Demo
cratic friends that Btory of General Jackson's
<ioverTsor*hlp of Florida, to which he was ap
pointed by President Monroe, under the act of
Congress "of March 3. IS2I. providing "that all
military, civil and Judicial powers shall be
vested in such person and persuns and shall
be exercised in such manner a* the President
of the I'nited Ptates shall direct."
He claimed and exercised the executive
legislative and judicial functions of govern
ment under this commission and was sus
tained in them all. As legislature he enacted
laws which brought him, as Governor, in con
flict with the ex-Governor under Spain. As
Governor he promptly arrested and Imprisoned
that ex-official, and as Judge proceeded to
punish for contempt the Federal District Judge.
who had issued a writ of habeas corpus lor
the Spaniard's release. It was after all this
that he became and has since continued to be
claimed as leader, counselor and inspiration
for the Democratic party.
I'nJer this power we can and will provide
both for the development of our new posses
sions and the protection of industries and em
ployment .within the United States. As time
and experience demonstrates the necessity for
now laws and changes of existing laws, they
will be enacted, but always with intent to
maintain the high standard of American citl
znns-hlp and the scale of American wages.
Preferential tariffs will promote trade between
the United States and all these Islands.
Spooner Versus Tillman.
Applause swept over the galleries at the
conclusion of Depew's speech and it was
several minutes before Spooner (Wls.),
who followed the New York Senator, could
proceed. Said he:
Partisanship should nr.d no abiding place In
this discussion. The phrase, "The constitution
follows the flag," is a pretty eplgTam, but epi
grams are dancerous. Does the constitution
lollow the flag? No; It does not. Our army
entered Cuba during the war with Spain. Our
flae la there now. But is our constitution
there? No, certainly not. Can we 10-pislate
for Cuba? No; we cannot. Our soldiers are
there, hut the constitution is not. The only
law which follows the flag is the law of war.
The flee follows the constitution; not the con
stitution the Hag.
In response to a question asked by Till
man of South Carolina Epooner said:
The f reposition that the constitution extends
of its own force over acquired' territory was
invented in the Interest </f slavery; the new
d'jjraa was advocated in the Interest of elav
•¦<"}' by Calhoun. Webster opposed it in the in
terest of liberty and In the interest of sound
constitutional legislation.
The Calhoun d«cma, we thought, was shct to
death on the unnumbered battlefields of the
war of the rebellion. I had supposed that, after
slavery had been laid away, we had heard the
last of this contention, which Is by no means bo
new as many people- teem to suppose.
Tillman inquired how it wVs that* the
United States army was in Porto Rico.
Spooner— By the power of the President as
commander-in-chief of the army. .
Tillman — Under the constitution? " ¦
S-pocner— Certainly: yes; to the extent that
the constitution makes him commander-ln-chier
of oar army.
Tillman— Then the power of the President is
limited by the constitution?
Ppooner— No< not at all. His limitations are
only those of any commander-ln-chief of a civ
ilized nation.
Tillman— ls he bound by his oath of office?
Spooner— l do not suppose that because the
President tack, his constitutional oath of office
he is bound to take a copy of the constitution
in his pocket wherever the army under him
may go. The President Is in Porto Rico Just
as he is in the Philippines; Just as he was in
California after the treaty of cession. He is
there under the war power and he will remain
there in the exere lse of that power until Con
gTtss shall legislate for Porto Rico. By the ex
ercise of that power he changed some of the
I'orto Rlcan laws and modified the Porto Kican
tariffs.
In answer to a question by Tillman as
to why Porto Rico should be treated
differently from the Territories of the
United States Spooner declared the pend
ing measure was the most generous ever
proposed for any Territory belonging to
the United States and the people of the
ifland were being treated thus differently
from those of the Territories because they
were In dire distress.
Pettus Enters the Arena.
Bpooner maintained that territory ac
quired by the United States over which
the constitution has been extended could
not be disposed of by Congress, arid
demanded to know how we could proceed
to establish a stable government under
the constitution in the Philippines, for In
stance, and then later cede the islands,
either to another nation or" to the Fili
pinos themselves. If the constitution ex
tended over the acquired territory auto
matically that never could be ceded away.
Pettus— Can Congress cede back the Gadsden
purchase?
Fnooner— l think bo.
rettun— nut it cannot cede away Alabama.
The wildest Republican would ilot go bo far
as that. The constitution is In New Mexico,
however.
Spooner— lt is there only by statute. Dut if
the constitution had gone there of its own
force Congress would have no power to cede it
back.
An allusion being made further along
to the lobby, ¦ which Spponer said was
urging free trade with Porto Rico, Bacon
suggested:
Bacon— Mr. Oxnard appeared before the com
mittee.
Epooner— Tea; aad did the committee pay at-
WEBSTER DAVIS
AND EVANS NOT
ON GOOD TERMS
Why the Assistant Secretary
of the Interior Has
Resigned.
In Reversing 1 Unpopular Pension De-
cisions He Is Said to Have In
curred the Displeasure of
Hitchcock.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WEBSTER DAVIS, Who Has
Resigned as Assistant Sec
retary of the Interior.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. April 2.-
Webster Davis, Assistant Secretary of the
Interior, has tendered, his. resignation to
President McKinley and has given out a
statement making it appear 'that, the^ sole
reason for this action was a desire to free
himself from official restraint and be at
liberty to talk and. write freely about the
South African war. There,ls more behind
this action on the part of Mr. Davis, how
ever, than his statement indicates. ..Be
fore he left Washington for South Africa
the relations between Mr. Davis on .the
one hand and Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock and Commissioner of Pensions
Evans on the other hand were somewhat
strained, and it was rumored at the time
that he had been granted an indefinite
leave of absence and would not return
to active duty In the department.
In his capacity as assistant secretary
It was a fart of the duty of Mr. Davis to
review pension decisions, and some of his
decisions gave the impression that he was
more friendly to pension applicants than
was the Commissioner of Pensions. Com
missioner Evans was subjected to very
severe criticism from Grand Army men
throughout the country on account of the
alleged injustice of some of his rulings to
old soldiers, and cases that had been re
versed by Assistant Secretary Davis wero
cited as substantiating the criticisms.
Friends of Commissioner Evans did not
hesitate to attribute to Mr. Davis much
of the unpopularity in which the Com
missioner was held by Grand Army men.
It is the purpose of Mr. Davis to devote
himself to the writing of magazine arti
cles about the situation in South Africa
and delivering lectures on the war and on
the Boers. All that he writes and says
will be strongly pro-Boer in its sympa
thies. -, ¦
tentlon to him?
Bacon— lt looks so. The committee did what
he demanded. I
Spooner— The Idea that the Congress of the
United States can be Influenced to do Injustice
to the people of Porto Rico, by Mr. Oxnard or
by any. protected interest, is a libel on our In
stitutions that ought not be uttered here and
oUght not to find lodgment everywhere. I want
to repeat that a large ' and industrious lobby—
and I say what I know— is here endeavoring to
induce Congress to pass a free-trade bill.
Bacon— l don't think that any one of that
lobby has deemed it to his interest to speak
to any Senator on this side of the chamber.
Foraker, in charge of the bill, said Ox
nard had appeared before the committee,
but since the day of his appearance he
(Foraker) had not seen him.
In answer to a question by Turley of
Tennessee as to the source whence the
revenue would be derived under the pend
ing bill, Spooner said: ~; " ; v
I xav It comes from the suear trust and its
importers, or from the rich sugar producers on
the island. In either event It Is richt. It
comes from the right spot and it will go to
the rlcht spot.
Spooner concluded with an earnest ap
peal for the passage of the measure.
Senator Perkins' Argument.
Perklns of California, one or the mem
bers of the committee which framed and
reported the pending bill, next addressed
the Senate in support of the measure.
He said Porto Rico had been thrust upon
the United States by the war with Spain.
Tne customs and beliefs of the people
were not those of Anglo-Saxons. They
were not Americans and could not become
Americans until they had passed through
the stages of development whichahad ele
vated the type of citizenship™ of the
United States. The United States was
dealing with questions entirely different
from those ever heretofore presented.
Congress was called upon. to explain for
a people entirely foreign to our institu
tions and a union with uscould come only
after they had been Americanized.
Self-government and 'self-support. Mr.
Perkins said in conclusion, were insepar
able. They never would be qualified for
the one without ability for the other. The
proposed tariff would tend to make them
self-supporting anu he believed the pro
position was as fair as any that had been
ever suggested.
In a brief speech, following that of Per-
SENATOR' FORAKER SfIYS:
T INDICATIONS are that the bill,
I amended as proposed by the com-
will pass the Senate by not
less than five or six votes and per
haps more. In my opinion the bill
will give great satisfaction .to the
people of both Porto Rico and the
United States. The President recom
mended, free trade. This will be a
near approach to compliance with
that recommendation. We give them
all duties collected and all duties
they will collect on goods imported
from foreign countries. This will
be the most generous provision Con
gress has ever made for any terri
tory since the beginning of the Gov
ernment."
WHAT EFFECT WILL THE PORTO RICO TARIFF
BILL HAVE UPON THE COUNTRY?
SENATE LEADERS MATCH LOGIC IN THE
DEBATE ON THE PORTO RICAN MEASURE
WARNER'S BEMEDIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, TUESDAY, APEIL 3, 1900
SENATOR J. X- JONES SAYS:
I BELIEVE that when we ratified the
treaty Porto Rico . and the Philip
pines became . a part of the United
- States and that the constitution im
mediately extended over these new
possessions by its own force, and that
the people of those Islands are enti
tled to the blessings and Immunities
which that instrument gives to our
own people. When we became sover
eign in Porto Rico that island was
deprived of the freedom of trade with
Spain which it had before enjoyed.. It
is now proposed to deny them similar
freedom of trade with the United
States, thus hemming them In from all
markets. The policy is unjust."
kins, Simon of Oregon declared that he
should vote against the pending measure.
He did not regard it as a party measure,
and while he disliked to separate from the
majorltv on the Republican side of the
chamber, he felt fully justified in his
courae. He was assured, he said, that the
people of Oregon were entirely in accord
with him in opposing the measure. They
were, he said, earnestly In favor of free
trade between Porto Rico and the United
States, as a matter of good faith. He did
not think the enactment of the bill into
law would cause the loss of the State to
the Republican party, "but If there Is any
one act passed by this Congress that will
render it doubtful, this is the one."
Simon was proceeding to elaborate
what, he paid, had been promised to the
people of Porto. Rico, when he was Inter
rupted by Mr. Foraker.
"What single pledge or promise has
been made to the people of Porto Rico
which is not keDt in this hill?"
Simon was about to read what General
Miles had announced to /he islanders in
his proclamation when Foraker took the
worus out of his mouth, so to say, re
marking that the pending measure was
perfectly in line with the proclamation.
Spooner called attention to the fact that.
In any event, even If General Miles' prom
ises had not been kept, his proclamation
would in no sense be binding on Congress.
Simon took the prrotind that the propos
ed act was a serious party blunder, as
well as wrong in itself. He maintained
that the people of the island were under
our flag, and, therefore. It should not be
held for colonial exploitation. The asser
tion of our power to levy the proposed
tariff was in violation of a tacit, but well
understood, agreement with them, and he
could not, therefore, give it hls'svpport.
After a brief executive session the Sen
ate at 6:25 p. m. adjourned until 11 o'clock
to-morrow.
Oci '¦J^*\s^^*-^^T*jff**tfflK^S^^jSsß^Sa^s£rT»B^E^s^KS t *fci»^2-""'*"^YiV wl * ' * ir^^**»l PyXI
PI This is the latest Hawes — a spring block. It ||
H is just as shapely, as well formed, as stylish, as §fj
H good as the usual $;.oo hat. The on|y difference 13
H between the $£.00 hat and the Hawes is the H
c .k3 * I 'If T T tie* WE2.^
12M 'Drift* I hp riJlWf*^ Sf*ll^ TOT' ESjs
H Same price all over this continent We are §1
H the sole San Francisco agents. pi
|| The Hawes hats are made in all the latest il
M shapes and popular colors ; two shapes — soft and ||
If The Hawes Fedora is a winner. IS
Ipj Out-of-town orders filled — write for illustrated catalogue No. 2.' %£&
H 718* Market Street. p|
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The most attractive place in Laka County to
spend your vacation. Boating, batbln?. bowl-
ing tennis, livery, new walks, etc. Write tor
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
PAR4ISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
laths: swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishinp; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations fr>r families; all
Illuminated by gas. Ry train. Third and Town-
send streets, San Francisco. 9 a. m. ; First and
Broadway, Oakland. 9:10 a. m. daily for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to spring*. Round-trio tickets $S. at S.
P offlce. 613 Market street. Teleohone and
poetofflce. For illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
CIYAPrC HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
OIXrtUUO County; only 4% tours
from San Francisco an«l but nine miles cf
staging;; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hath in State; grand mountain
scenery; Rood trout streams at door; telephone,
teteirraph: dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morninir and afternoon stages; round trip from,
San Francisco only X 5<X Talce Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. J2 a day or
Jl2 a week. References— Any puest of the past
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
rNDETt NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANX, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
THE 0. R. & S. CO.
CISPATCH FAST STKAMIR3 TO
PORTLAND
, From Sp«ar-stx*et Wharf at 19 a. m.
PA DP il2 First Closs laclurtlc* Berttl
rrtnC Sd Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA "alls
COLi^BLv"sa^V."V.V.V.V.V.V.V.""~".*.*.".AprU S
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Nortaweat.
Through tickets «o all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A«r»ct.
GOODALL. rERKTNS ft cof* M * rkrt **•
Superintendents.
P&SASII4 £"? 'or Honolulu
"* at S p. Nx
Far3rtt« Iln« around the world via Hawaii
Panv*. New Zealand. Australia, India, Su*i*
En^'and. etc.: |«10 flr-rt claji.
U D SPKSCKELS a BRCS.Cp.. Mat*, 114 Montgomor)
Pi* 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight o«ce. 32? MarketSt
HAMBURG-AMERICAIN'
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE. '
NEW YORK— PARIS---LONDON— HAMfURO
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERV«E
NEW YORK-LONDON-PARIS-HAMBURO.
Also New York-Hambur* Direct,
For sailing, etc., apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE XX B-d**y. NT
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
K *?^SiA 0I L 9£i * Pa«»en»"ers on apr^eatlon.
00 ,* CO - Oen---A«t».-for Pa We Coast.
401 California St.. cor. Bansorne. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
W YOBX. MCTHAXPTOS. LOHDOS. PIXXSL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 «. m.
St. Paul April 4 St. Paul April SS
St. Looi« April II St. Louis May I
New York April 13 New York May i
RED STA«* LINE.
New YorJ< ar>d Antwerp.
From New York erery Wednesday, n noon.
Frlesland April 4(Kenslngton ....April IS
Southwark April 11 Xoord land May 1
Wwternland ...April lSlFrleslaad May i
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May IS and
from Seattle May *4. to Nome and St. Michael
Subsequent sailings, June SO. July 8L Aus m!
First and second class passage. No steerage
pSag^ltwlry ™ Uon regardln * fr * I « ht
IN .I I i? NATIONAL NAVIOATIOJJ CO
X> Montgomery «t.. or any of Its agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STE/UttEBS.
2This box overcoat
which we are making to order for $13 is admired
by the man who wears it and also by his friends
He admires it because it is thoroughly good,
stylish, well made, and the price is but
, $13.50
He is pleased with the price because the value
is $17.50. The big value is a result from our large
buying of cloth before trade prices went up. Then
we are making the clothes at a special price.
During this sale we are making to order suits
and overcoats in* eight different styles, any one of
which is $13.^0.1 3.^0. Samples are given to anybody
upon request.
Out-of-town orders filled. Write for catalogue of samples No. 2 and self-
measurement blank.
§MA3£ TA^ p< & n JM&
jllX.Vwtom £»«»•*«*?— "'ailujff Mara,
orj. Sleaj>]ea#ne«B. «tc^ eaoaed by vwmt.
work and Indiscretions, 'they qulektu
anU. tur*lv restore Lost V itality In old
or yonnc. and fit a man fcr srody. basi-
nsss or pleasure. Prevent Insaaityan i
y Consumption It taken In time. Their
Die 8bo»» immediate improvement and effeeta CURE.
where all others fall. Insist npon ha? ins the us aala^
Ajax Tablets. They havn eared thousand* and will
enrejoo. W«iiT»ai>oaitl»»wrlttanaT»arantaegef-
fart ft core in each ease or refund the money. Price
Rftfife Per pa****?! or ¦** packages if all treat.
DUCIS. mentfiorja .60 by mall. In plain wrapper.
apon receipt ofprio*. Circulars tree.
AJAX RI2MEDY CO., 70 <££g%P-
For sal* In 8. F. by I>!pnlts * Co.. N j Per>
centas* Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 3. F.. OakTsV
JOE PETE ESCAPES.
Indian Murderer Burrows His Way
Out of the Genoa Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
CARSON, Nev., April 2.— Word was re
ceived here last night announcing the
escape from the Genoa Jail of Joe Pete,
the Indian murderer of William Dang
berg. Pete Is under sentence of death,
the date of execution being set for May
4. Governor Sadler refused to interfere
In the case last week, and Pete's attor
neys now have the case before the Su
preme Court for a new trial. Pete made
his escape by digging under the Jail, and
he covered the excavation with the bed
ding in his cell. He had evidently been
gone many hours before the discovery
,was made, as his breakfast was un
touched and the discovery was made
when dinner was brought.
Pete is considered one of the worst In
dians in Western Nevada, and will make
a fight for his life. His tribesmen fear
him, and will not lend assistance In his
capture. A posse left for the mountains,
but failed to locate the murderer. . Sher
iff Brockless has offered a reward for the
capture of the Indian.
Will Issue Snow Bulletins.
The local Weather Bureau, under the di
rection of Professor McAdie. Is compiling
statistics which will be of no little value
to the miners and farmers dependent upon
Irrigation for their water supply. Postals
have been sent to all of the Postmasters
in the mountain districts requesting in
formation as to the amount of snow that
has fallen this winter and how it com
pares with the amount of other seasons,
whether it lies solid or light and the
amount comparatively that remains.
About 500 answers have been received, and
these indicate that the fall of snow this
year is much smaller than usual.
From all appearances the storm, of tho
past day or so may continue for half a
day or more longer. Weather ¦ Prophet
McAdie of the local Weather Bureau says
the storm came in from the northwest,
working its way south as far as Fresno.
Central and Northern California got a
good wetting. In the San Joaquin Valley
the rain was particularly beneficial. At
noon yesterday Professor McAdie stated
that the storm was working its way to
the east, but that rain and showers would
be likely to prevail for thirty-six hours
or more.
STOCKTON. April 2.— Rain commenced
falling shortly before midnight and it soon
developed into a regular downpour. The
Indications are that it will be the heaviest
precipitation of the storm.
SAN JOSE, April 2.— There was a heavy
downpour of rain this morning and some
more this evening. Much good will be done
by the shower. Total for the storm, .32 of
an inch; for the season, 13.05; last season,
12.95.
Eddie Gardiner Defeated.
NEW YORK. April 2.— Dave Sullivan of
Boston and Eddie Gardiner of "Wheeling,
W. Va., fought a hard battle before the
Hercules Athletic Club of Brooklyn 'to
night. They met at 124 pounds. After Sul
livan had been practically knocked out in
the sixteenth round he came again and
had Gardiner so groggy in the nineteenth
round that tho latter's brother Oscar, the
"Omaha Kid." Jumped into the ring and
threw up the sponge to save Eddie from
being knocked out. :.
Hernandez Again Defeated.
CARACAS, "Venezuela, April 2.— The
revolutionist General ,Hernandez has
been obliged to retreat to the banks of the
Orinoco, having suffered a new and de
cisive overthrow sixteen miles from Ciu
dad • Bolivar.- $***&
a auarrel and the culmination was that Colo
nel Marceau obtained a divorce from Mrs.
Marceau on the ground of desertion. Since
that time Colonel Marceau has paid $50 a month
for the support of his child. A short time ago
the health of the child, who was then in the
custody of "Mama" Hall, resulted in Colonel
Marceau coming to this city. He called upon
me and said he wished to gain possession of
his child under any circumstances. A few
days later Mrs. Marceau informed me over the
telephone that she would like to ccc Colonel
Marceau regarding the child.
Colonel Marceau refused to meet his ex-wlfe
until I threatened to withdraw from the case
unless he did so. The meeting took place and
an agreement was drawn up between Mrs. Mar
ceau and the colonel by which the colonel was
to taKe the child to Lios Angeles for his health.
Subsequently Mr. and Mrs. Marceau met and
his actions were Buch as tt> raise- the hope In
her mind that the interest and health of the
child would result in a reconciliation between
them. When she heard that Colonel Marceau.
after reaching Los Angeles, characterized the
statements that they would be married as "all
bosh" and "rot." etc., she became excited and
hurried to Los Angeles. She took the child and
endeavored to brlns it home to San Francisco,
but was apprehended by the police. She has
returned to Los Angeles and the legal nght is
low on between them.
An important legal point remains, that
is not generally known. It is .thought that
Colonel Marceau In removing the child
from the custody of its legally appointed
guardian acted in contempt of court. As
a matter of fact after he and Mrs. Fen
nell had made their agreement they called
on Judge Troutt and submitted the docu
ment. The Judge thereupon so modified
his decree that Colonel Marceau was au
thorized to remove the child from the cus
tody of its guardian, Mrs. Hall and take
It, in the interest of its health, to any
destination he might select.
O'BRIEN IS
CHARGED WITH
ANOTHER CRIME
The Murder of Graves, His
Partner, Also Laid at
His Door..
Blanket Vein of Coal Discovered on
the Lewis Elver, Near Fiva
Fingers, by Captain.
Miller.
«
Bi^c'.al Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 2.— The steamer
T<os, which arrived this morning, brought
a startling story of the Clayson-Olson-
Ile'.fe mystery. Detective McGuire, who
«±j working on the disappearance, told
Colonel F. R. Miles, a late arrival from
Dawson. that he believed O'Brien, the
n;;^] held at Selkirk, not alone murdered
Clayson, Relfe and Olson, but also
(iraves, who Is believed to have been his
partner. McGuire places little confidence
If any in the theory that the bodies have
been thrown btjieath the ice of the Yu
kon, but has a r.ew clew which he thinks
viil give results.
Captain Fusael, keeper of the Minto
r'.adhouee, cays that the day Clayson,
Belie iir.d O.son left his place he saw a
great f:re to the south of the place. It
v a.s a tire too large for an ordinary camp
fire and one thai under the circumstances
cf cold wwither and environment aroused
till yuspjdor.s. lie is confident that he
citn take a compass after the snow has
di*&r>iiearttd and go direct to where the
tiro was. It is believed tha.t the big fire
captain Fussel saw was the funeral pyre
cj! Cla.yson and his companions, and that
after Lhe lire had burned the remains to
a. crifp the muru. rer <:ug a grave where
lhe lire had thawc-d the ground and hid
what remained of his victims beneath the
sod. Although the water hole was found
ttiid peculiar traces lea<3ii:i? up to it and
a cult button near the hoi..-, it is not con-
Eidered evidence conclusive of the rest-
Ing i»iace of the bodies ot the missing
A rich strike has been made near Five
finsers according to mail advices re-
Ccived from Dawson by the Tees. The
Yukon Sun of March 20 says: "Captain
C K. Miller has just returned from a
tr:p to .Five Fingers. He has 10-ated a
coal vein six miles above that place on
tho, Lewis Iliver. The veiu is what is
known as a blanket vein and is about &»
Ji-'t und»r the ground and is easily work
t-<l by m<--aiis ol tunnels.
Mr Miller has had an assay made of
e&tnplea of ihecoal und the result is highly
patlsfactorjr. assaying 50 per c«?nt nxe'l
4-arann, 35 per cent volatile matter. 9 per
cent ash, t> i>er cent water. He has had
"two assay* made, one from the surface
Otttcrop and one twenty-rive feet In the
tunnel, which shows an increase of 25 per
cent in that distance. The Intention is
t-> open up the mln«» for the us« of river
Ft^amers as well as for the trade of Daw
eon. The coal seems to be of a hard na
ture, retaining its shape in the furnace
UJitil consumed, leaving behind a red ash
and is entirely free from that dark heavy
Fmoke so common to a!l soft coals. It is
estimated that one ton of this ccal is
equal to two cords of wood.
Kioh strikes have been made on Klrk
rean Creek on claim 32 below. Captain
Brown and A.'Gillis got in five pans from
t- A<> i" ?•». Good quartz properties have
been located on this creek.
An «^xtra edition of thf> Yukon Sun tells
cf big clean-ups on Hunker and Dominion
creeks. It says tho clean-up is ex'ldent to
iho visitor who makes the trip up the
cre^k*. Not only has th*- snow left the
dumps, the fruits oi many months of hard
and p*-rs!stont labor, but already a sluice
h<»ad <,t water in coursing down th<»
'•n-f-ksi, giving joy to the claim owners and
hop*, to iho laymen. One is simply amaz
«-<l at th" imnvnst* size of the dumps this
>-<-ar. After summarizing the work being
done on the various claims, the Sun says
tl!er«» are a lot of claims on Hunker on
v.h!(.-h no wnrk has bc-^n done this winter,
but they vdll no dr.ubt be opened up as
Bummer sluicing propositions. The clean
up will he a large one. though, and an
*>ut].ut of p.t least two millions is exp«ct«vl
fnm Hunker. After the claims on Do
mir.ion were deal? with in detail the paper
cays cf th.-it creek that Dominion is rich
without 'loubt and that it will take years
to work it out. any miner can see. Its
output this winter is now figured at over
two and a half millions and when the
final figures go up it will not be far behind
El Dorado.
DR. TENNEY
SAYS HE WAS
MISQUOTED
*
San Jose Teachers Attend
Meeting of Pastors'
Union.
Alleged Attempt to Drag the Schools
Into Politics Is Denounced by
Preachers and Pedagogues
Are Satisfied.
»
Br^clal Dispatch to The Call
BAN JOSE, April 2.— There was a lively
meeting of the Pastors' Union at th*
First Presbyterian Church this morning
in which city politics was the feature.
This was a sort of aftermath of the
meeting of pastors last week, when th*
gang was denounced for meddling in tne
city school affairs and their conduct of
municipal matters generally. The teach
ers had take, n exception to Rev. Mr. Ten*
ney's remarks as they appeared in some
of the local papers. He was credited
with saying "the city schools are a dis
grace to the community." A committee
consisting of City Superintendent Rus
seil. Professor Bruch and Miss Emma
Ringo were present In behalf of the
teachers, and wanted to know Just what
had been said.
Rev. J. E. Squires presided at the meet-
Ing. The meeting was opened with a
prayer by W. M. Parsons of the Young
Men's Christian Association, who asked
a divine blessing on the city and that
"decency in city and county government
be made to prevail."
Rev. Mr. Tenney read a statement ot
what he actually had said. The reverend
gentleman declared he had never said
"the schools were a disgrace- to iiiout.ii
civilization," but that he had so referred
to the system of bossism that prevailed
in educational matters in this city. De
nial was given to the statement 1 that he
had said only a few teachers were com
petent, but he was satisfied that many,
If not most of them, were entirely com
petent and above reproach. He said the
Rea gang was endeavoring to make po
litical capital out of his remarks, and in
that way array the teachers against the
citizens' movement In the coming cam
paign. His friendship for teachers and
schools was reaffirmed, and the speaker
said the only desire of those in favor ot
good government was to see the teachers
freed from the bondage now suffered be
cause of boss control of the schools.
Superintendent Russell said the account
as printed in pome of the local papers
of Rev. Mr. ' Tenney's remark was a
grave indictment and could not be al
lowed to pass.
Rev. Mr. Thompson and others declared
Dr. Tenney had not made the remark ac
credited to him.
Rev. Mr. Squires and others denounced
the whole matter as the work of politi
cians to secure the support of the teach
ers for the coming election. Rev. Mr.
Maclaren was particularly stropg In these
denunciations.
Profr-ssor Huston, a member of the
Pastonj' Union, thought Mr. Tenney had
referred to the schools as a disgrace, but
he was not sure.
The following resolutions were adopted,
and -this satisfied the teachers' com
mittee:
Resolved, That any report or editorial which
represents Dr. Tenney*s remarks as antagonistic
or reflecting upon the teaching force of our
schools is misleading, untruthful and dishonest,
and be It
Resolved. That wi> Btrongly disapprove of the
effort? to <JraK the jschool teachers of San Jose
•-Oto the political campaign.
VThe teachers' committee will report
bick to the association at a meeting
Tiursday night, and a "love feast" will
pribably ensue. One of the pastors re.
ported that the teachers in his church
hac\ refused to shake hands with him
bectlise of these misrepresentations, and
the fphoolma ams have been real mad for
the -^hole week and have been boycot
ting ibe churches and raying all manner
of thirds about the preachers.
Pleasant, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do
Good. Nerer Sicken. Weaken, or Gripe, 10c. 23c. Mo.
... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
BUrtlac U.—>,l, r.np.. T . Chicago, lUotr-t!, *?•» Tart. SIT
MARTSVIL.LE, April 2.— An unusually
heavy rain and hail storm visited Yuba
and Sutter counties to-day, commencing
with light showers during Sunday and last
night.
In the vicinity of Nicolaus, in Sutter
County, at 1 o'clock this afternoon during
a hailstorm there was a strange visitation
resembling a typhoon. A fierce wind hav
ing a path about fifty yards wide was first
noted at a point two miles south of
Nicolaus. It moved In a northeasterly
direction, and for a distance of about
seven miles it caused great surprise and
consternation among the farmers, so un
used to such a freak of the elements. As
it swept across the. county it destroyed
the barn, smokehouse, windmill tower and
other outhouses on the H. W. Tilton place,
and wherever it encountered trees it tore
them to pieces. Mrs. Tilton, who ran
from the house, frightened by the sudden
change, was compelled to cling to the
trunk of a tree in the yard or be thrown
forcibly to the ground. The hurricane
seemed to sweep the water from Coon
Creek Into a cloud, carrying it along quite
a distance. At the Pippin place,' where
there are many fruit trees, few escaped
whole. To the residents of Nicolaus the
disturbance resembled a cloud in the
shape of a kite's tail passing across the
heavens. It terminated near the Moore
head place.
KESWICK, April 2.— A cloudburst oc
curred here last night about 7 o'clock.
There had been light showers at Intervals
during the afternoon, which were Inter
spersed with spells of sunshine. At 5
o'clock there was no longer any Indication
of rain, but at 6 o'clock it came in such a
deluge as was never before seen In Kes
wick. In a few minutes the street ditches
were running torrents and the little rivu
lets made nillsldes look like sheets ot
water. In four minutes Spring Creek
at the road crossing to the depot had risen
five feet, obliterating all traces of the
dam at that point. In four minutes a
stream that could have been waded by a
child became one that teams and wagons
could not ford. To-day after an all night's
rain the stream has not reached the height
it attained In four minutes and lost in half
an hour.
GERMANTOWN. April 2.— A severe
storm passed over this region at about 2
o'clock to-day, which, although of short
duration, will be long remembered. Hail
stones as large as pigeons'i eggs fell,
stampeding stock and otherwise interfer
ing with business for about half an hour,
and during .that time about half an inch
of water fell. Although much grain was
knocked down little damage will probably
result unless the weather should become
warm within the next few days. The
storm was accompanied by thunder and
lightning and all that saved the north
windows was the absence of any great
amount of wind. The farmers greatly
needed the moisture and In the end more
good than harm will result. Nearly one
and a half inches of rain has fallen
within the last two days, making the total
for the season 14 Inches, against 10.97 to
the same date last year.
LODI, April 2.— The heaviest hall storm
in years fell here to-day. The hail came
down in sheets. Hailstones fell in such
quantities that in some fields the ground
was covered to a depth of six inches, pre
senting an appearance of having been vis-
Ited by a snowstorm. A few miles south
of this place hailstones came down with
such force that windows were broken,
trees denuded of their fruit . and grain
beat to the ground. An alfalfa patch was
laid flat and a five-acre almond orchard
was stripped to the last nut. Grapevines
In the storm zone were broken and de
nuded of all the young shoots. The rain
falling before and after the hailstorm was
the heaviest which this section has wit
nessed in April in five years.
LOS ANGELES, April 2.— A trace of
rain fell to-night. Crops are too far gone
to be benefited by a continuous down
pour.
SACRAMENTO. April 2.— Fruit men
state that the present rainfall will do no
injury to the orchards and that It will be
generally beneficial. There have been two
or three light showers to-day. There has
been no rain In the past 48 hours from Cas
cade to Reno, but Summit. Cascade, Cisco.
Emigrant Gap and Blue Canyon have had
snow, three inches falling at Cascade. It
was snowing this morning from Emigrant
Gap to Truckee. D*lta and Dunsmuir got
the greatest amount of rain and it was
raining at both these places this morning.
Three inches had been precipitated at
Delta during the storm, making 64.05 inches
for the season.
REDWOOD CITY. April 2.— Rain com
menced to fall here early this morning,
and for several hours a heavy downpour
blessed this part of the county. The farm
ers are jubilant, for an extra large crop
Is assured to t Hem. The yield will be
larger this year than It has been for a
number of years. The fruit crop also
promises well, the trees being laden with
blossoms. The prospects for more rain are
good and it will gjeatly benefit the late
crops.
JAMESTOWN. April 2.— A series of
showers have fallen in this portion of the
county during the past twenty-four hours.
The precipitation is .70 of an inch. It has
been snowing steadily In the mountains
above Sugar Pine all day.
MERCED, April 2.— Rain fell here at in
tervals to-day, culminated this evening
In a thunder shower. The present storm
practically insures a good grain crop for
this section, being especially beneficial to
the late-sown grain. The precipitation for
the storm thus far amounts to about half
an Inch.
GIL.ROY, April 2.— A fine shower of rain
fell here to-day, insuring good crops to
the farmers and frultmen. It came in
time to save the grain.
CHICO, April 2. — A heavy thunder
shower passed over Chlco to-day, ac
companied by thunder and lightning.
Neaily every telephone battery In the city
burned out. The precipitation was .60 of
an inch.
MONTEREY, April 2.— A splendid rain
commenced about daylight this morning,
coming down with a gentle persistence
that is a great boon to the crops here
about. Advices from outlying districts
state that the downpour is general and
was much needed.
ANGELS CAMP. April 2.— A heavy rain
commenced falling at this place last even-
Ing and has continued at Intervals since.
Green feed for stock Is plentiful and It 13
said that the farming Interests of this sec
tion were never In a more prosperous con
dition. The total rainfall for the season Is
38.26 inches.
SANTA CRUZ. April 2.— The showers of
yesterday morning and the sunshine of
Yesterday afternoon were followed by a
heavy downpour this morning, lasting sev
eral hours. The rain is a warm one. and
Is of much value to the farmers In this
section, whose crop prospects look bright.
SCORES OF MEN
IN SECRET PLOT
Governor Steunenberg Gives Al
leged Details of the Wardner
Conspiracy.
Sensational Disclosures Which He Claims
Were Made by James R. Sovereign
to a Friend.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— The chief In
terest in Governor Steunenberg's testi
mony before the Coeur d'Alene investiga
tion to-day was In his continuance of the
recital begun at the last session of the
committee of the disturbed conditions
prior to the uprising cf April last. He
had been asked by Representative Dick
why he refused to disband the militia of
the Coeur d'Alene district in 1597, as had
hovn requested by the County Commis
sioners. He said that at the time the of
ficers of the Western Federation of Min
ers were advising the arming of the un
ions, ar.d be had an address by one of
these officials stating that "every union
Fhould have a rifle club," and that "in
two years we can hear the Inspiring mv-
Fie of 25.000 armed men In the ranks of
labor."
Governor Stuenenberg 6ald that, follow
ing this, there were evidences In the
Coeur <I'Alene district that the advice was
being followed. A body of armed and
masked men, he paid, appr-ajed at Mullan
and compelled the delivery of a large sup
ply of arms and ammunition owned by
the State of Idaho, and stored there
peodlßff the organization of a militia com
pany. He began correspondence and in
quiry, and could get no tracp of the arms
or those who took them. When he ap
plied to the local Sheriff, the latter an
s^'^red. in effect, for him to "mind his
own business."
The Governor said that about the same
time he received a letter from the Grand
Army of tht Republic commander at
Murray, stating that a number of rifles
a.nd ammunition were in danger of being
ftolen. Threats had been made to seize
them, and a notification had been served
that they would be taken. The Grand
Army of the Republic asked to be relieved
of further responsibility, and the Gover
nor said he had the arms boxed and
ehlpped away.
Governor £teunenb«rg said he sent Ad
jutant General French to Co«ur d'Alenes,
a.nd hf reported that a movement was on
foot for miners to come to Wardner on
the disbanding of the militia and dyna
mite th* Bunker Hill mine. There were
repeated threats, the Governor Eaid. that
the «'SiciaJs of the mine would be mur
dered if they did not escape before the
Canyon Creek miners came down. He
said h<? was shocked to learn that Fred
rri''k B. Whitney, superintendent of the
Frisco mine, had been taken from his
room at nirht by sixteen armed and
macked men. marched down the) creek
and shot, dying in a day or two.
Details of the Conspiracy.
A stir was caused in the committee
room when Governor Steunenberg, In an
swering a question as to what he knew of
a conspiracy in connection with the blow
ing up of the Bunker Hill mill, said:
"I learned that Ed Boyce, president of
the Western Federation of Miners, was
In the country ten days before the explo
sion at the Bunker Hill and Sullivan
mills, and at that time he Inaugurated or
perfected this conspiracy by choosing
twenty men from the different organiza
tions in that country and swearing them.
These twenty men chose one each and
swore him, and the forty each chose a
man and swore him, and the eighty each
chose a man and swore him. In that way
there were at least 160 men in this con
spiracy to do this thing, all sworn to se
crecy."
Representative Hay of Virginia ques
tioned the Governor sharply as to his
sources of information. The Governor
hesitated, and then said:
"I learned these facts from James R.
Sovereign, through a mutual friend."
When Hay wanted the name of the
friend there was some question as to giv
ing the name, but the Governor finally
gave it as A. B. Campbell.
Hay asked If Campbell were In the
committee room, and the answer came
that he was. Sovereign also was present.
The Governor said he had not been able
to get further evidence, as the people who
lived In the country were afraid they
would be assassinated If they were
known to have given any Information.
At the afternoon session Hay moved to
strike out all of Governor Steunenberg's
testimony of events prior to the conspi
racy. This motion was defeated— s to 2
Dick concluded the redirect examination',
and in the absence of Lentz, Robertson,
private counsel for those making the
charges, renewed the cross-examination
of the Governor. It covered much ex
planatory detail on the events previously
testified to. He said he did not charge
the death of Superintendent Whitney to
the miners' unions.
Late In the day Governor Steunenberg"s
testimony was completed after he had
been on the stand twelve days, and he
was excused.
Brigadier General W. P. Carlin, U. S. A.
(retired), was the next witness. He testi
fied that he was in command of the
United States troops in the Coeur d'Alene
district during the trouble in 1592. and
pave a recital of the disturbed condition
there. General Carlin will continue when
the investigation is resumed to-morrow.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APKIL 3, 1900.
PROPERTY DAMAGED
BY WIND AND HAIL
A Storm Resembling a Typhoon
Sweeps Through Sutter and
Yuba Counties.
Other Sections Visited by Light Showers Which
Will Greatly Benefit Growing Crops,
Orchards and Pasture Lands.
s •
Special Dispatch to the Call.
718 Market and Corner Powell and Eddy.
Experts on the Stand.
Fpwlal Hspatch to The Call
HOLL.1STER. April 2.— The Mansfield
libel case 1 , drasrs wearily along. Expert
Kytkn, wio was three days on the stand,
testified ttat Urn. Mansfield was the
writer of the defamatory letters. To-day
Expert Ames followed, testifying that It
wu beyonA possibility for them to be
written by any other person than defend
ant. Carl Eteenshlmmel will give further
expert testimony to-morrow.
WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages <
$1 pep Yeai%
DMALL'S KELNYIGORATORg^^
Five hundred reward {or any {gssjf Ik6»°
case we cannot cure. TMs secret jjl""* Is
remedy stoss all loases tn 24 J t - a*
bouri, cures Emissions. Impo- •gvj C 3??
tency. Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea, \it\-\ PJJTfi
Gleet, Fits. Strtcturea. Lost 'afey Ati L]
Manhood and all wastln* effects ,J c^L-_sst/«
t>t aelf -abuse or excesses. Sent —_
•ealed. S3 bcttle; 3 bottles, to: guaranteed to
cure aW case. Address HaLIS MEDICAL, m.
BTITUTE. 855 Broa<}way, Oakland. CaX Also
for aale at 1073 V, Market St.. S. F. All prlvaw
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
LOS ANGELES. April 2.— When Mrs.
Fiske-Marceau-Fennell stepped from the
owl train this morning in charge of Sher
iff Bogwardt of Kern County, who held
her under a complaint that had been
granted in the name of Colonel Marceau,
she was confronted by her former hus
band and his friends. It is well that she
tightly hugged to her heart her baby boy
as she alighted as it had been planned
to take the child as soon as she arrived
in this city. An attempt was made at
River Station, where the Colonel Marceau
party boarded the train.
"You cannot take that boy from Its
mother as long as she is in my hands,"
Sheriff Bogwardt said, "and I shall carry
out the provision of the law. So keep
your hands off."
The Kern County official escorted the
party, including Allen Fiske, who had
been given his liberty as the train passed
Lancaster, to the private office of Sheriff
Hammil in the county building. Here
a brief consultation followed between C.
"W. Pendleton, representing Mrs. Fennell,
the District Attorney, Justice James and
Sheriff Hammil.
"I regret that I must exact a bail bond
from you, Mrs. Fennell, to prevent
further annoyance or restraining your
liberty," Sheriff Hammil said in a tone
that indicated respect for his fair charge.
"Sir I have every respect for* the law
and its ofllcers," Mrs. Fennell answered
In a decided tone, "but 1 shall not ask
my friends who surround me to sign their
names to a single document, nor will I
deposit one dollar for my release from
custody. If Colonel Marceau can afford
to see "the mother of his child go behind
prison bars for love of her child the
mother Is more than willing to submit to
this humiliation for the love she bears
their baby."
Mrs. Fennell at this conclusion of for
malities was released upon her own recog
nizance and is installed in a suite at the
Nadeau.
Pending the arrival of Justice James,
who Issued the complaint. Colonel Mar
ceau arrived at the county building and
entered the room where Mrs. Fennell sat
with young Theo In her lap. .; . -
"Hello, Theo, come here and see your
papa." the colonel cheerily said. The boy
slid from his mother's lap and the colonel
strode out with his son. Not a word
passed between the parents, no glances
were exchanged, nothing thrilling hap
pened—not even a sigh escaped from the
little woman who, with a hand clasped
over her aching heart, sat alone in the
castle of the law.
Detective George Good has been retained
by Colonel Marceau to guard young Theo
dore so that he may not again fall Into
the hands of his mother or persons of
whom he is most suspicious.
From out of the mass of legal formality
into which this alleged kidnaping case has
so quickly been plunged Justice James has
decided that the preliminary examination,
of Mrs. Fennell under the warrant
served at Bakersfleld shall be heard April
20. Another phase has been added to the
situation by Mrs. Fennell through her
attorney in applying for a writ of habeas
corpus. This order was granted late this
afternoon by Judge York of the Superior
Court and is returnable to-morrow at 9
o'clock, at which hour young Theo will be
produced in court.
Pendleton, the plaintiff's attorney, will
press the case and it is expected that the
hearing will center around the question
whether the stipulation entered into on
March 23 between Mrs. Fennell and the
colonel In San Francisco before Judge
Troutt made the father the legal custo
dian of the boy.
"I do not regret the step I took yester
day." Mrs. Fennell said at a late hour
to-night. "I wanted my boy, and the
longer I had him the greater grew my
anxiety to keep him. I do not think I
was wrong in the measure I took of
Colonel Marceau in our last Interview at
the Belmont. His tone indicated that he
was not deeply In earnest and sincerity
was absent when I told him I had come
to him in response to his request and his
promise for us to be reunited for the sake
of the boy. I felt he had fooled me and
forced me Into a position where I un
guardedly surrendered my child In keep
ing with a plan he concocted.
"He broke his agreement, hence the
child reverted to me and I started for my
home with my baby. If Colonel Marceau
regarded me at all he would not have
taken my baby from my arms this morn-
Ing and would have permitted me to kiss
my baby. Every action shows that ho
wants only the child and he has resorted
to these drastJc measures. I shall now
battle for my 'boy fnd I believe if Theo
were asked with wMom he wished to live
and the rourts would abide by his words
I would be able to return to San Fran
cisco to-morrow night. So repugnant is
the thought of a reunion with the colonel
that I have entirely lost sight of that
feature." . .•¦;.
Colonel Marceau has not been on the
streets to-day. His friends insist that on
many occasions during the past week he
has reiterated the statement that he never
Intended to remarry Mrs. Fennell.
At 9 o'clock to-night Mrs. Fpnnell, ac
companied by Sheriff. Bogwardt, visited
the home of her attorney, where a con
sultation lasting several hours was held.
MARCEAU'S ATTORNEY
OUTLINES HIS POSITION
Attorney Van R. Paterson last night
made the following statement regarding
the troubles of Colonel Marceau and his
ex- wife: ¦
Four years aco Mr. and Mrs. Marceau - had
"Both nir tvlfo and zuy»elf have been
? sine CASCAKETS and they are the best
medicine wo hare ever bad in, the house. Last
woolc my wife was frantic with headache for
two days, she tried some of your CASCAKETS,
and they relieved the pain in her bead almost
Immediately. We both recommend Cascarets."
, Chas. Stxdktoro,
Plttsburg Safe & Deposit Co.. Pltuburg. P».
Rescue of Mile. Duday From the Burning Theater.
At the recent destruction of the Theatre Comedle Francalse. In Paris,
many remarkable rescues were made of the members of the company, who
are furnished by the State with apartments in tho building. None was more
thrilling than that shown In this picture from Le Monde Illustre.
MRS. FENNELL PARTS
WITH LITTLE THEO
Child Will Be Closely Guarded Until
the Courts Decide Who Shall
Have Him.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
Eagleson <£ Co.'s
Sprine Opening.
All the Latest Novelties in
Shirts
Neck Dress
Hosiery
Underwear
ETC. ETC
Reliable Goods. Right Prices.
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Former Premier of Sweden Dead.
STOCKHOLM. April 2.— Baron Gustav
Ackerhjelm. the former Premier, is dead.
S r% B On ¦JLbbj pJ ajßsfl am ¦ aa_j|
? i N H Et&9 Eh ZEm b 9 Qfisß
til ma f ' ! K«3 ETj Ksi n can c
BO B IP9 t*«enf SSs mtSa M kT9 B
BL_ifl JflU^KsVjCTa— alLfJaJlaT^aiH
UfI.TfI.RSP Bold«and pmrsnteed by alldrag-
HU> I U-DAU B i»ts to CXTJIi: Tobacco Uabll.
visr* OR JORDAN'S great!
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY.'
Cji The Largest Anatomical Museum ia the
* a Tft- |. WotttL Weaknesses ox any tnntractfet !
jhi^ 55^ d;*fa»e p^»l«l»«-ly nnxli-; tne oldest '
IgSl Specialist catfee Coast. Esc^yiart « I
fifW l DR - •'OHOAN-PBIYATE DISEASES 4
B(Cje^3 Consultation frrr and rtri'-tiy pr-»»* V
I jßyEil Tr»i»ment i^rionaMy or by l-ttrr. A A
lu> QH ffJt— C*r» la every case undertaken. T
H« jjg, •Wmefrar D ok. rHILOIOI-UVtt *
i II a«nai.»6E. miud prhs. |Af
A /L valuable book for earn) \
DR. JOBDAX A CO, 1051 Market St.. a F. f
N |AJA\!/ DR - PIECE'S
Smmm electric
IMPW BELT.
•djEi THIS BELT 13 WAR.
/jT*. ranted to be the latest lro-
* proved, most powerful and in
all reeD*** 8 tne 8t now manufactured in any
part of the world. Its equal does not exist. Th»
Galvanometer phows its electric current to t>«
doable that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cur«
any dlxease on earth that It is possible to cur*
with electricity, and It cures when others fail.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Pierces." .
"Booklet No. 2." free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Addreaa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Odd. Palace Hotel) SAN FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— New York City.
"TJ 1 f 1/T locate* on Market
1 *iL/iiVl> prortaslty to bus ,_ ;
1 vn oess section, places ' '
All" of amusement and \ \
. my.v depots; 1403 rooms, i
If IJ A WII SCO with baths at- "
U A ill 11/ t ached. The largest
and finer* hotels la
HATEI . C tne wotll Amert- ,
liU 1 EL DSSJ"* EuroP€aa ;
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
3for I v«S r^? te Bulphar Springs: at Lftton
Knrtn« -» S : , at Q «y«' e " r «l« for Pta*CT
rIRsSSi s ??if '¦•• ssftai vss i
n^Vvn n- p' J ° hn Da A Riverside, Lterleys! •
W»5 Bin BMl ir lr)n Hefchta, HulKJle. OrrU
Hot Bprlnj-s, Mendoclno City. Fo"t Bran
mlnW'SuH."*'-. 2 rUUtt> ' ***o«»V S^-
a'-and"^^!! 11^ RXr *'- Oi r'** DyeT *
a, ??!?***/ *° Mon(1 *»' round-trtp teketa at r»-
On Sunday ronnd-trto tickets » all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates ¦'
alt^wSS^a 1 t^wSS^H 83 * Mark «t «t.. Chronicle bla«.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN
General Manager. ; Gen. Taas. Agent.
- if» T « Arrtr.
Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco*
¦ ¦ October IS. 1
Week Bun- ISM. Bun- Week
Days. days. Destination, day*. | Days.
7:SO am 8:00 am Novato. 19:40 am! 840 am
l:Sopm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm| «:g pg
, Fulton.
t» am Windsor. m-js aa
' Healdsburc. ¦
Lytton,
Qeyßervliu,
t:»pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. T:g pm «:a pm
t:Soam| IHopland and I i "¦
I g:0O am| Uklah. | T :BS pml «:« rm
7:JO am ' is is «i
ISO inn B:<X>aln auern « rl»«r l»«- T:3spm ' ,
7:*) am 8:00 am Sonoma »:15 ami 8:40 art
8:10 pm 500 pm Glen Ellen. «:06 pml 1:23 r«a
CALffORNU NORTGWESTEBN £Y. ca
L.ESSHH
UM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACtFK
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuron F«rry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAXLv
WEEK DAYS— 7:IO. »:00, ,U:CO a.m.: 1J:S«,
l:S0 5:10, 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
BUN DATS— B:OO. J:JO, 11:00 a, m.: 1:1% »:«t
1:00. «:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:60. »:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
t:4O. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:33 p. m.
BUNDAYS-aao. 8:40, U:l» a. m.; 1:40. S:4O. I.m
«:25 p. m
Between San Francisco and Schuotsen Park
same schedule as above.
A for Morning P for Af teraoou.
• D*Uy. f Suihlht «xe»T>te<l. | Suudar only.
6 .Saturday <~n"j.
• Tue*liji »nd SVliUti c Thur*ltjs and SotxUr*.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
BOHEN RETIRED BY
THE COMMISSIONERS
AS was expected, the Police Commls
plonerp, meeting as a pension
board, yesterday afternoon retired
Captain of Detectives Bohen. The
latter has been connected •with the
Police Department since 18G0 and anx
iously Bought to be placed on the retired
list. The other retirements were as fol
lows: Detective Roy Sllvey, Sergeants
Llndhelmer . and Shields and Patrolmen
Dnn Coleman, John Morton and Dan Mc-
Neil.
It Is understood that Captain Seymour
will he appointed to take the place of
Captain Bohen. The vacancy caused by
the retirement of Detective Sllvey will In
all probability be filled by Tom Ryan, the
clever sleuth of the Southern Station.
Captain Seymour, who will In all prob
ability succeed Bohen, Is one of the
cleverest men in the department. He was
appointed captain of police a short time
ago and placed in charge of the City
Prison. Prior to his promotion he was
a detective and was noted for his shrewd
ness. It was mainly through his efforts
that Theodore Durrant, the brutal mur
derer of Minnie Williams and Blanche
Lamont, was convicted and hanged.
Detective" Silvey has been ailing for
some time and was unable to do police
duty. He was afflicted with a stomach
trouble and as his case seemed) hopeless
the Commissioners decided to place- him
on the retired list. For a number of years
Silvey has been associated with Detective
Egan. Their duties were to look out for
pickpockets and bunko men. It Is said
of Sllvey that he has arrested more purse
snatchers than any other man in the Po
lice Department.
Sergeant Linrtheimer has been acting as
desk sergeant in the City Prison for over
twenty years, and was looked upon as one
of the most conscientious men in the de
partment. His retirement Is attributed to
old age, although Lindheimer, notwith
standing that he Is over 60 years, is con
sidered one, of the most efficient members
of tho force. Ooleman and Morton have
grown old in the service, and at their re
quest they were placed- on the retired list.
McNeil is over 80 years of age and is
unable to do police duty. He petitioned
the board to be placed on the pension roll.
At the suggestion of Chief or Police Sul
livan final action in the matter of retire
ments was postponed until next Monday.
At that time the men. who are selected to
su win oe xormauy nour.ea 01 me aciiuu
of the board.
It Is understood that Lieutenant Esola
will succeed Seymour as captain of the
prison.
After agreeing on the men who ¦were to
be retired the matter of the application
of all persons who are interested in the
Hotel Nymphla wan taken up by the Com
missioners. Attorney Joe Dunne, who ap
peared for the lessee of the place, made
an appeal on behalf of his client, claiming
that it was a rank injustice to close the
place.
Commissioner Wallace said that as far
as he was concerned the Nymphia would
remain closed. Commissioner Newhall.
after referring to the closing of the Hotel
Nymphla, moved that Bacon place be
closed. Chief Sullivan explained that the
women of the houses on Bacon Dlace had
agreed to abide by the regulations of tho
Police Department and seemed anxious
to keep within the purview of the law.
After some further discussion final action
was postponed until the next regular
meeting.
Indorsements From Two Ladles. —
I . an J fi^J i°. ** abl t t0 ttate that y° ur Dr - McLaughlln Klectrlc . Belt treat- "TIP • TUT A TW*,T UTnnrm
ment Is Indeed doing me lots of good. UK. 111. A. MCLAUGHLTN
MRS. J. CHRISTENSE.V. Loleta, Cal.. March g, 1900, w«nM«u*jUl,
I have been so much benefited by Dr. MeLaurhlin's Electric Belt that I have now 702 Market St.. Cor. K«*rny, 8. T.,
a far better appetlta and. feel frreatly encouraged. -. ¦ .
MISS LENA BRUNSER, Uklah, March 12. 1500. And cor. Spring and Second. Los Angles.
And beauty depend on sound health. The anguish felt by many women
comes from nerve weakness, period derangement or other pelvic trouble.
Every woman desires to preserve her charms. The surest way to do. this
this is to guard the health. This is the companion of unfading beauty.
When nature's danger signals show themselves; when robbed of restful
Bleep, or depressed by pain or weakness,
"Will prove a grand remedy for you. It is making thousands of cures. The
effect of my treatment is said to.be marvelous. letters from those whom
I have restored carry conviction and point you to recovery. The electric
current is welcomed by the nerves, it strengthens the muscles, gives bet-
ter circulation aad drives out pain. There is no such Belt in the world. My
new book, finely illustrated— "Maiden, Wife and Mother"— is sent free.
Write for it. . \'
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest rnnninjr and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fkanciscoi
S P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday- and
Saturday, arriving: <" Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francises at 5:30
EXPRESS P- m - with Pala ce and Toorm
n a iiv cars for Kansas City. St. Loaxa.
DAILY Chi.apo and East.
Local trains Vtween Stockton, VALLfY
Fresno, Hanfortl, Visalia, Tnlare da a ri
aad Bakersfield. KUAO
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
trisco soon g&?ffiSa.%S£SE
¦way; Sacrarofn*o,2ol J Street: Saa Jose. 7 West
Baata Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SatisaMto Ferry.
Coramvncinß- October 1. 1599.
FROM 6AN FRANCISCO TO MILK. VALiLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «7:eo. »9:30. 11: CO a. m.: «l:«a>
•j-40 y.li. s:0O. «:*> o. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Ban R*.
facl. Jn Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9 JO and ll:S0 o. m.
SCNDATB— I:OO. «10:00, «U:M a. m.: n-UL
1:15. •«:«. «:*>. 9:00 d. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO- B AN FRANCISCa
WEEK DAYS-«: 13. »«:J5. 7:«. •S:^ i! nTi
•J:M. M 5. «J:«. •5:15 p. m. J
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:1.1 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:M. •«:(«). »10:00, »11:45 a, m.i
•1:40. 1:15. 4:43. tin p. m. *
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-V.43. c:46. 7:55. »:43 a. mTi
12:J3. 2:JS. »:43. 6:20 p. in. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wadneadayt aad
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m
BUNDAYS-«:06. 10:05 a. m.; 11:06. t.Xi. X.ta.
THROtTCJH TRAINS.
t:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way statlona.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomal»s and way stations!
1:00 a. nvJiunday-Tomalsa aaj wa/ station*
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC KfIILWAY
wJet a Dav S . an FranclBC » «• Sausallto Ferry.
vveex ua>» 9:30 a. m. and l*i r> m
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1 : 43 £nt
Steam-heated, closed car on all train?
BORCHGREVINK'S SUCCESS.
Reached the Farthest Southern Point
Ever Touched by Man.
LONDON. April 2.— Carsten E. Borch
grevink. the leader of the South Polar
expedition, who. with the surviving mem
bers of his party, arrived on the steamer
Southern Cross at Campbell Town, N. Z.,
yesterday, telegraphs to Sir George,
Newnes that the object of the expedition
has been fully attained, and the position
of the south magnetic pole has been lo
cated. He adds that the expedition
reached the farthest point south with
sledge of which there is any record,
namely, latitude 78 degrees 50 minutes
south.
?o^S^A Zealand ' s export of gold -was
$2,000,000 great in 1899 than In IS9S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLAN A GREAT
NATIONAL HIGHWAY
Report on a Route Made by the Com
mission to the Automobile
Club.
NEW YORK, April 2.— The Automobile
Club of America gave a dinner to-night
at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel to Major
General Nelson A. Miles and others of
the commission which has been consider
ing the project of a national highway from
the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean. I The
commission is not an official body, but
General Miles and his associates under
took the work of preparing the prelim
inaries in response to what the automo
bile club considered a popular demand.
With the president sat ex-Mayor Strong,
Julian Hawthorne, Isaac B. Potter and
these members of the commission: Gen
eral Milos. Francis E. Stanley of Newton,
Mai-«., Colonel Peter Michie and Colonel
S. E. TiHmann of the United States Mili
tary Academy, Colonel R. I. Hoxie, corps
of engineers, U. S. A., and John Jacob
Astor.
Albert A. I'ope read a report on behalf
of the committee in which he presented
the following resolution:
Resolved. That the route presenting the most
feasible line tor a national highway from the
Atlantic to the Pacific peems to your committee
to lx» between the fortieth and forty-second
parallels of latitude. This embrace* Boston,
from v.-hich the route could be Etretcht-d east
to Tortlani/ Me. : then Albany, reached by a
Krt'at highway from New York. Philadelphia,
l'.altimore. Washington, Charleston. Savannah
and Ht. Autrustine; from Albany running wfFt
through Syracuse. Rochester, Huffalo and Nl
acara Falls; through Krie, Cleveland, Toledo,
Adrian. Coldwater, Klkhart. South Hand, Chi
ra?o. Daveni>ort. THs Mnlnes. and Council
Hluffy; nmaha. Lincoln. Hastings, across the
Rocky Mountain* at Denver. Salt I^ake City,
Sacramento and San Francisco: a southern line
rrachlng thence to I^ns Angeles and a northerly
one to Portland and Seattle.
The resolution urges that the matter be
brought promptly to the attention of the
people of the twenty-five States and Ter
ritori'-s through which the road would
p:;p.-$ in order' that Congress may be peti
tioned to authorize the preliminary pur
veys required for s=uch national highway,
providing, if possible, for the completion
of the survey of the section between Bos
ton and Chicago the first year, between
Chicago and Omaha the second year, be
tween New York and St. Augustine the
third year nnd the remaining sections
within the following years.
The report was adopted.
»
BRITISH STEAM LAUNCH
CAPTURED BY PIRATES
Cninese Buccaneers Murder the Pi
lot and Make the Supercargo
a Prisoner.
HONGKONG, April 2.— A British steam
launch was captured by pirates yester
day n*»ar the Check Heung-Shan district.
The pilot of the boat was murdered and
the launch and a lighter which It had in
tow were looted. The supercargo was
made a prisoner. '"-'••
Wants to Succeed Britt.
Special Di-Datch to The Call.
WOODLAND, April 2.-Judge J. C. Ball
of this city is an applicant for the ap
pointment of Supreme Court Commis
sioner to fill the vacancy caused by the
resignation of Judge Britt.
A -o-ife is called the better half, and she
never allows her husband to forget it."
Spiritualists Resist Taxation.
At a meeting of the Spiritualists held
on Sunday at 909 Market street a declara
tion against their denomination being
taxed was rushed through the meeting
with all hands raised. A declaration of
principles, setting forth the faith of the
society as being religious and not mer
cenary, and as such on an equal with all
religious denominations, the ministers, of
which are not taxed. In concluding their
protest they set forth the following:
Resolved. That we indignantly protest against
the enforcement of an ordinance to license the
ministers of our religion, the the spiritual me
diums of the Independent Free Thought Bible
Spiritualist Society and Church.
P»onnd— That thlß resolution be read from the
platform of nil spiritual and liberal meetings,
as far as possible, in San Francinco. and that a
rising vote expressive of the indignation of
spiritualists and their sympathizers be forth
with taken.
Third— That copies of the forepoinpr preamble
and resolutions be forwarded to each of the
daily papors and to the Mayor and Board of
Supervisors.
WILL RECOMMEND
INDICTMENT OF TAYLOR
Franklin Grand Jury Urged to Im
partially Investigate the Assas
sination of Ooebel.
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 2.— The April
term of the Franklin Circuit Court and
the Grand Jury working under It, which
will investigate the assassination of Gov
ernor Goebel, began work this afternoon.
Judge Cantrill's charge to the Grand Jury
was surprisingly brief. He said:
"You know the terrible situation in this
county better than I can depict it. I hope
and believe this Grand Jury, realizing the
responsibilities resting upon it, will dis
charge its entire duty fearlessly, fairly
and impartially and if it does no man or
set of men can lay complaint at your door
when your labors terminate."
While nothing was said by Judge Can
trill in his charge concerning It, it is un
derstood that Commonwealth's Attorney
Franklin will recommend the bringing in
of indictments against Republican Gov
ernor Taylor and all of the Republican
State officers, on the charge of usurpation
of the offices they are claiming to hold.
Emily Coghlan Insane.
NEW YORK, April 2.— Miss Emily
Coghlan, sister of Rose Cophlan, the act
ress, and herself well known on the stage,
was taken to Bellevue Hospital to-day
apparently insane. She has been 111 sev
eral days and yesterday she became so
violent that her physician directed that
she be sent to Bellevue.
Almost all the towns In Siberia are hav-
ing arc lights for street use and incan-
descent lights for houses, and the larger
proportion of the people of Siberia have
never seen pas, which they regard as an
llluminant of a past age.
IOAST HI VISION j Broad (Jauirr).
(Third aid Tonnsend SU.)
COAST l>lV|s|o\ (larrorf <;»use).
( Foot cf Market Street)
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dp. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
There are people who have been torturing
themselves for years with trusses. Its is hoped
their attention will r>? drawn to Dr. Rice's free
DR. S. BALU
offer. An elderly and retired physician, Dr S
Ball cf Marion, Ala., is one of the hundreds
attracted to this generous announcement, and
as a result he is now completely cured of a
bad rupture which was very hard to hold Al-
though 72 years of age he bad the courage and
determination to try this new and novel method
and now he lives In peace, contentment and
security. Dr. Ball looks back to the old days
of crude methods and in comrarison halls the
wonderful method of Dr. Rice as a marvelous
God-fend to the present generations. By all
means write at once to Dr. W. S. Rice «g
8. Main st., Adams, Vt, V.. and he will send
you a free trial of his remarkable home cure-
for rupture. There is no pain, danger, opera-
tion or an hour's loss of time, and by starting
now you will be sound and well by early spring-.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WILL DISCUSS THE
PALO ALTO OUTRAGE
Citizens of San Jose to Hold a Mass-
Meeting nnd Raise Funds to
Prosecute Kidnapers.
Especial Diroatch to The Call.
PAN* JOSE. April 2.— A wave of indigna
tion has swept over the city at the acts
«.f the Constables and Justices at Palo Alto
In ihe case of the Chinese girl and Miss
Cameron. The matter of holding a mass
meeting was broach»-d at the meeting of the
Pastors' Onion to-day by Dr. Dlnsmore.
who announced that a mas* meeting
would lm held to see that prosecution
followed. For some time San Jose has
s-uffVred from Chinese kidnaping cases.
About a year a^o O*ristable. Harris was
iharged in Justice Wallace's court here
with kidnaping a Chinese girl. In that
case the complaint was issut-d at the in
stigation of li. A. Herrinirton. who fig
ures as the attorney in the Palo Alto pro
ceedings. Harris was arrested at Marys
vine, the girl retaken, and Justice Wal
lace dismissed the cv nip lain t. Xj prose
cution was had.
Professor Emory Smith was in town all
«lay. A mass meeting will be held to
morrow night. The general sentiment
h«"re Is that Harris, Dyer. Dinsnwre and
Herringtnri Fhoulrl be prosecuted, and
money will be raised for that purpose.
A pe'ition for a mass meetir.tr was cir
culated this afternoon and was signed
by many prominent ladles and gentlemen.
The meeting will be held In Turn Verein
Hall. Miss Cameron will be nresent and
tell her story, also Attorney Wigle of
Palo Alto.
District Attorney Campbell was at Palo
Alto to-day gathering evidence prelim
inary to the prosecution of those impli
cated In the outrage.
Yesterday's Bankrupts.
Creditors of Robert Appleton, merchant
of San Jose, fHrd a petition yesterday in
the Unh*d States District Court tode
rlare him an Involuntary insolvent. They
allege that he committed an act of bank
ruptcy in allowing judgment to be takf-n
against him by Ren Mayer and T. F.
Lahan. and they allege that h<* is indebted
to them in the following amounts: Pa
cific Chair Company. $111 96; H. Fri.-d
richs. HI2 75: F. H. Marwodel & Co. $11 65:
John Hoey. 2MI S4; Sehus>-ler Bros.. $"£ <<4.
Thomas H. Byrne of Sacramento filed a
petition in Insolvency. Mating his liabili
ties at tZXiQ 45 and-no assets.
TRIAL OF CAPTAIN
DEMING POSTPONED
Illness of Judge Advocate Groesbeck
Delays the Opening of the
Court-Martial.
There will be a few more days of respite
for Captain Deming. for the opening of his
trial before a court-martial has been post
poned on account of the illness of Major
Groesbeck, who is judge advocate of the
court. The court was to have met at the
Presidio this morning- at 11 o'clock, but
when Major Groesbeck's illness was re
ported at headquarters the president of
the court, Colonel Rawles of the Third
Artillery, notified the members that there
would be no meeting until further orders
from him.
Reports from ilanlla tell of the start
for home of the home battalion of the
Fourteenth Infantry. This is the first of
the home battalions to return to this
country, and it will not be long before it
will be followed by home battalions from
the Eighteenth nnd Twenty-third Regi
ments. The home battalion of th<*
Twenty-third Infantry Is booked for the
Presidio, despite all reports to the con
trary.
The Sheridan brings the story of W. J.
Sheeny of the hospital corps, one of the
men who. after being made captive by the
Filipinos, made his escape. He tells of
three deserters from the First California
Regiment, all of them being men of doubt
ful characters and enlisted in the regi
ment from outside the State. All of them
are In the insurgent army, one with a
commission as captain of artillery.
low. He can mnke the piano tremble with
the feeling '<. instills into the keys when
ever he takes a round out of that instru
ment, and he is no novice at playing the
cornet. When he plays "There Will Be a
Hot Time" on that instrument there gen
erally is, because he throws In a few
heathen variations. Wing also speaks and
Stripped for action in the ring Wing cuts
a pigeon caper that would do credit to
many white pugilists. He is stocklly built
and is strong in the arms and legs. In
boxing he takes advantage of every open
ing and lands effectively. In ducking left
and right swings his queue does not hand
icap him, as It is coiled on his head like a
snake cake. Instead of being a useless
appendage it Is of advantage to him, aa it
protects his "brain tank" from concus
sion.
Ah Wing has been matched to meet
"Kid" Dobson, well known to local ring
goers as "The Alligator." It will be a
novel fight, as Dobson Is as dark as the
streets of this city under the Phelan re
gime. Chinatown will bet heavily on the
result of the bout, as the sporting" frater
nity of the Celestial quarter Is certain
that Wing Is Invincible. When their coun
tryman steps into the ring on the 19th
lnst. "tomtoms" will ring out, scores of
punks will be burned and myriads of
punctured papers will be thrown' on the
streets of Chinatown as good omens of
the expected victory over the smoked son
of Ham.
CHANGES MADE AT
FOLSOM PRISON
Georg-e Haggerty Appointed Lieuten
ant of the Guard and E. L.
Fitzgerald Commissary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, A pril 2.— George E.
Lamphrey, lieutenant of the guard at
Folsom prison, has been deposed and
George J. Hagrgerty, turnkey at the pri
son, has been appointed to the position.
Ernest Dettelback has been removed from
the position of commissary and ex-Labor
Commissioner E. L. Fitzgerald, a brother
of State Prison Director Robert M. Fitz
gerald, has bet>n appointed in his place.
The salary of lieutenant of the guard Is
$1800 per year with hoard but without
lodging, while the salary of commissary
is Sl5OO per &ear with board and lodginp.
The displacement of Lamphrey as lieu
tenant of the guard has caused much
comment in this city, as he was known as
a faithful and intelligent officer under
the'.ateWarden Aull's model management.
No cause, so far as known, has been as
signed for his removal, and in conse
quence much indignation exists among
his friends in Sacramento, who are nu
merous. Fitzgerald's appointment Is de
clared simply to be the result of political
Influence. He is a Democrat and his sal
ary a? Labor Commissioner was $3000 a
year. His term as such Commissioner ex
pired in April. ISO 9.
MAJOR KIRKMAN LOSES
HIS SHOULDERSTRAPS
Officer Accused of Having Insulted
Archbishop Chapelle Dismissed
From the Service.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Secretary
Root stated to-day that Major George C.
Klrkman, Forty-ninth Volunteer Infan
try, is no longer in the service of the
United States. Under the articles of war
the approval of General Otis of the action
of the court-martial which recommended
Kirkman for dismissal on the charge of
drunkenness was sufficient to execute that
sentence. In other words the approval of
the President is unnecessary. Kirkman
was accused of having been drunk on the
voyage from San Francisco to Manila.
Private advices charged him also with
having affronted Archbishop Chapelle.
who was one of the passengers.
The construction given by the War De
partment to General Otis' actions in this
case commits the department, it is be
lieved, to- a formal recognition of the ex
istence of war in the Philippines. Article
10 of the articles of war expressly pro
vides that the sentence of dismissal, in
the case of an officer, shall not be car
ried out "in time of peace" except on the
approval of the President of the United
States.
CARPENTERS STRIKE
FOR INCREASED PAY
Several Thousand Men Quit in New
York and Neighboring New
Jersey Towns.
NEW YORK, April 2.— Several thousand
men In the city, neighboring towns In
New Jersey and Westchester County, N.
V.. struck to-day for increases In wages
and shorter hours. Most of the strikers
are carpenters, and the enormous amount
of building in progress favors the men.
In the borough of Bronx the carpenters
demand $3 50 a day for eight hours' work,
with a Saturday half holiday, and in
Mount Vcrnon they ask $3 25 for the
same work. In Newark, N. J., the car
penters demand $3 a day for eight hours.
They now get' $2 S5 for a nine-hour day.
The men are well organized, and the
contractors are not making a unitea
stand. Indeed, there is a general dispo
sition to compromise with the strikers,
and not a few employers have con
ceded the scale presented. Painters, dec
orators and plumbers also struck in the
neißhboring towns. Manhattan Island
and Brooklyn are practically exempt from
labor troubles, and not many men in the
building trades are idle. The surprise of
the day was the strike of several hun-
dred Italian laborers employed In Rye
and Port Chester. Some demand $1 50 for
elsrht hours and others asked $2 for the
same hours. An early settlement of all
the strikes is likely.
Temperance Union Convention.
Sperial Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, April 2.— The fourteenth
annual convention of the Yolo County
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
will be held in Madison on the 12th. 13th
and 14th of this month.
Glenn Tract to Be Sold.
WILLOWS, April 2— The great Glenn
tract, comprising 42,500 acres, Is to be cut
up and sold at from $10 to $35 per acre.
It will bring many families to Glenn
County.
Positively cared by tbfifle
liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet rexnbdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Month, Coated Tongue
Pafa in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate die Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Bmetl Price*
MORE ROOM FOR
THE GRAVES OF
FALLEN HEROES
Space on the Presidio Hill
Becoming More and
More Scarce.
It Is Itemed Advisable to Prepare
Another Tract Adjoining the
Present National Ceme
tery for Bodies.
»
The hundreds of dead brought back
from Manila and interred in the National
Cemetery at the Presidio is crowding the
capacity of the cemetery to such a de
gree that the hitherto imused portion of
the tract of fifteen acres reserved for the
nation's dead will be laid out for graves
before the summer is over.
There is still room in the cemetery for
at least nine hundred more bodies, exclu
sive of that portion set aside for the bod
ies of officers, but still the department haa
decided that the entire cemetery tract
must be opened.
There are now over two thousand heroes
sleeping peacefully on the slope, a great
portion of which number has been the
fruit of the war in the Philippines. Most
of the bodies brought back have been
sent on East at the request of relatives of
the dead, but what were left have been
and are being buried on the Presidio hill
side at the rate of from six to twenty a
day. There are still nearly two hundred
bodies awaiting burial at the post, and
most of these will find a resting place in
the National Cemetery.
The cemetery as at present laid consists
of something over eight acres. There were
fifteen acres laid out for it. but only the
present tract was prepared for burials. All
of cne side of this is now tilled, and a good
part of the other side, but the superin
tendent estimates that there is still room
to bury all that will come to the gates for
the next two years at least— that is un
less the Philippine, war begins again to
swell its list of casualties. But so as to
be ready when the old cemetery can house
no more, the new tract will be thrown
open as soon aa possible. Already the wall
that once encompassed the eight acres is
being extended to take in the whole fif
teen, and the engineers are daily expected
to visit the graveyard to survey it and
submit plans for laying it out. The plans
will go on to Washington and the work
will be ordered from there.
In the meantime the Governors of the
various States have been called on to say
if they will not take care of the dead of
their separate States. Washington and
Oregon have notified the depot quarter
master to hold the bodies of all Wash
ington and Oregon soldiers at the orders
of their States, the intention being to
bury them at home. Other States will
probably follow the same course.
PENSION PLAN
HELD AS BAIT TO
OLD EMPLOYES
Collis P. Huntington's New
Scheme to Give Weight to
His Relief Bureau.
Large Grievance Committees of Five
Brotherhoods Holding Meetings
in City — General Confer
ence on "Wednesday.
Collis P. Tluntington fhows his usual
cunnlngness in trying to foist upon the
employes of the Southern Pacific system
his relief bureau. The most vigorous
protest has come from the older employ cb,
who have been almost lifelong members
of the various brothtrh<x>ds. They have
not been openly aggressive, but the inlla
ence upon the younger members has been
tremendous. Huntington has sought to ofr
t-et this by causing a report to be circu
lated quietly that the relief bureau is
only a forerunner to a pension system by
which employes who have spent a certain
number of years in the employ of the
company will be retired upon pay Fuiti
rieut to enable them to live comfortably
for the remainder of thtir days.
The bait will prove a templing one, but
it is not likely to be taken. As yet not
eren a promise has beer, made; it is only
a rumor, but circulated with such skill
that it appears to be an implied promise.
Already th« deceit has beer, detected ami
men are busy combating its influence.
Representative* of five brotherhoods of
railroad employes from all parts of the
Southern Pacific system have been gath
ering in the city during the past forty*
«:ght hours to f,,rra grievance committees
to protest against the proposed relief sys
tem. J. V. Paul of Oakland is chairman
of the firemen's committee, which was In
*ecr*-t set-sinn all day at the ltuss House.
*\ H. Ron riven of Tucsrn. Ariz., is at the
head of the locomotive engineers, who met
at the Orand Hotel, and the brotherhoods
of conductors, trainmen and telegraphers
met at £W Post street.
The meetings were all executive and af
ter they were over the numbers seemed
disinclined to discuss their plans. From
what could be learned, however, it is be
lieved that when the men meet with C. P.
Huntington to discuss the relief plan they
will take a firm stand acalnst all such
portions of the article a? in their opinion
jire likely to destroy the brotherhoods, j
The compulsory clause must be t:Ucen out j
of the articles or there is likely to be j
serious trouble.
To-day th»>re will be a joint meeting of i
sll the several committees, when.* fi> n<ral
plan of action will bo agreed upon and ;
speakers ar.d leaders appointed to make j
the campaign. The conference with Hunt- .
lr:ctor. will take place to-morrow.
President Huntington spent the entire
Hay at his office yesterday. He was busy
with the heads of various departments,
each of the officers caJling on him Inform*
nlly and chatting about the offairs of his
department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT^L, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1900.
THIS HEATHEN CHINEE
HAS SPORTING BLOOD
AH WING, MATCHED TO FIGHT "ThE ALLIGATOR."
YOT'XG PETER JACKSON. the
"black demon." has at last found
his ideal sparring partner in Ah
Win?, an almond-eyed desconOant
of "Ah Punch." president of the "Duck
l.ov\\«," the famous fishtins tong of Au
burn, Placer County. Wins is a lighter,
but not in the pense of being a "high
binder." He is a native son. and a cook
by occupation. He deserted the kitchen
ranpe for the plamour of the padded rinp,
and he has proved a novel attraction and
Is so impressed with his own ability to
rise to the head of the championship class
that he will follow the varying- fortunes
of a pugilist until he is cither knocked out
by the "mailed" fist, dragged out by his
f;uoue f>r old age impairs his vital forces.
Ah Wing is ambitious to become a great
fighter, and thinks that he can re to as
great eminence an did Confucius, the sage
of the Celestial Empire. That this scion
of the Flowery Kingdom can slug, side
step and take a punch has been evidenced
in the many bouts he has fought since
he determined to f.ght for stakes and not
cook them. He has won a number of vic
tories in and around his native stamping
ground, and now, with the aid of "Biddy"
Bishop, managrr of the colored scrapper,
he hopes to gain further fame and shekels.
Jackson has taken kindly to his Celestial
fighting mate and the two are now insep
arable in their wanderings. As one man
put it, it is another case of the wedding
"of the Chinee and the coon."
Ah Wing is an accomplished young fel-
j£]^k Sj*J^^ l ' )On ' s ¦Dispensary,
liyd^lM ?'»*"••«• Lest Manhood. I>'biuYy or
»3ISBMCPg3?. t ° <>rafa "- Tr 7 him Char*., low
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
(PAOIPIO SfSTKM.)
Tr*!a» !••«• i»...l arc «Ib* *• mrrl-wm ••
MAM r'ItAXCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LXays. — F«o« Fukca&y 28, 19001 — A*nrm
•7«OOa BenlcU, fluUmn. Elmiia, VaeaTfflo,
Rum*' 7 and Sacramento *7tiSf
•7iOOa. ShanU Expresu-lJiiU, Willows.
Re.l Blufl. Portland "7i43»
*7i3oa Mwtlne;:, MuUutnon, Vallejo, Napa,
CaJistogaanilSaptSj !:¦>«» *oil3r
•Si3o a Tho Overland Liniited— Ogden, Deo-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago *9il9s>
•¦iSOa Sau Joao. LlTeriuore, Rtoektnn,
lone. Hi»CTaineiit<\ PlaeerrUl*.
slary»»lH«>. Clilco, i:>-; r.:, u t «4il»p
*9:30 a 'Milton, Oakdale, honor*. Carters... •itl3p
•DsUOa Haywanla, Nilesand Way Htations. *ll>-i3a
•9iO4>a Ditis. Woodland, Knfghu Landing.
MarysrtlK OroTliln *7t43p
•OiOAa AtUntio Kxprea*— Ogden and East *«>43a
•9ii»Oa Martlnex, Tracy. Latbrop, Ktocktoo.
Merced and Fresno •. *13>19V
• Uiooa Port Costa, Kre«no, MoJ»f« aiul !«•
Angales ««*«O»>
• IO:OOa Talltju. Martlnesaml Way Stations *»*43r
¦11:00*. Niles, Ll»ermore, Stockton, Hacr*-
mento, Mendota, Ilanford, VisalU.
rtrtorrllle •*««»
¦I tiflOM Uaywards. Jflles and Way Stations. »«»43»
? ItOOp Sacramento IMter Stammers ?•iOO»
•3iOOp naywirdJ. Niles and W*j Buttons. *3U3»
•4iUOp Martluex, hail lUmon. Vallejo.
Nap*. l'all»U>«a, Sauta Roa* IMB*
•4>*or llcnlci*. Vacaillle. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marynvillr. Oro? ilia •lO;4Sa
MiSOpNlles, San J»a«an.l Stockton »Til 3»
•3iOOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Biktrsfleld. Banjul for Hanta liar- —
bara, Los Angeles. «1»i434
oSiOOp Siicsti Lirt.ite.l~El Paso. X«w Or-
leans and Eas» «1«»43a
•3<3op Stockton. Mercci, M»»13»
•533 UP Fioci.o, lUkemir.-t. t^aiita lUtlmra.
Loa Angeles. Drmlcc LM Paso,
New Orleans and Eaat •*'«»«
•3iS«r NauU Fn ltoule— A tliuiilo Eiprcu
forM.Ja.a and Ka»t *«t«»
•S:OOp flayward*. Nilesandrian Jose *7s ¦!!»•
?««3Op Vafl«J<» •I»il3r
*o>3<»r Oriental Mail— O&ilen. Chey«sna>
OmahA. Chicao •»»«.».
*fl:SOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, DenTer.
Omaha, Chicago. *4il«»
:7:OOp Vallejo. Purl Costa and Way Sta-
tions j»iaa»
•SiO3r Oregon and California Kx|>rnm,Mao-
utmento. Marysville. Rtxlilinff,
Pi.rlKn.l. PiiH<-ft H..M1..1 and fant **tl3a
•8t I.la Newark. t'fTitertillc.ManJoea.Feltoo,
Bonldtr Creei.S&ntaCraz a ad Way
hUtlons •3»»«»
fatl.ir Newark, C'eiiterrille, ftan .1. s«, Now
Alniaden. Felton, lloul<ler Creek,
Santa inn »ul l'rloclpsl Way
fj - a' i' It :3 f ••«!*•*
MilSr Xewwk, S.aJ.mc LosGatos. *I>sSOa
bll:ISp ][.3trf Excursion. Kaa Joae and
WaySta-.lona {7taOl>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;.
froaftS raiSCISCO— T»I of iMfcrt Slmt(SU?B)—
•7:13 0:00 11:00*.*. 11:13 »iW t3:C3
M:C3 13::: •S:C3.-.M.
froxUilUKD— Fi«l»r2r;jiiiif.— *t!.C3 8:00 10:00h.n.
112:23 # I:C3 12:03 «3:C: 11:50 '3MTM.
t*: l «a Ocean View. Wouth Wan Francisco. . i»s3or
*7:lM>« Kan .1, «« ami V.'ny W.I >,* (New
Alu)»>loii V,Vdiii»>:»jjr ?ljr) *l:3<tr
•»i««4 Nan Jos«. Trrs Tlnog, Hant.% Crm.
r»<-l:ic (Jr.ifrt. l'asrt Utibics, H*a
I.itls <>i.i.»|.n. Surf. Lompoo ami
Principal Wi»y .Nt.iM.wm •««!•»
•lOilo. Smi.J.'srtun 1 Way Stations 'HzrUJ*
•Il>3»a San Joas au.l Way .stations •3>»Or
fl: 15c gan Matcn, l:-lwr.n I. Mcr.lr. Park.
I'al.i Aito. far.t»Clari, Han .lose,
Trea Plnos. Hanta Cruz. «»:!"»«,
Monterey ami Pacific Urore flA<36«
«:S»rf«n.liM«»ii(l Way (Stations •7:3<»p
? l:Mr- ii i:i Jo*ean.i Principal Way Station* *9:-l3«
t.VOOrSaaJoso and Principal TTaj Stations tOtOO*
•Axaor 5a:i.1...« ami Principal Way BUtioua **iS.l*
•<J::ii>i- 8»;i Jf scan t WayS'atlons t«:OOA
b"H">P San Joss and Way Station* •7:HOr
DR. MEYERS & CO.
MEN ONLY— CONSULTATION FREE.
PRIVATE BOOK. DIAGNOSIS SHEETS,
etc.. free, office or mall. Home cures. Ad-
vice free.
731 Market St., S. F.
HOURS— DaIIy. 9 to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sun-
days. 9 to 11. Elevator entrance.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
J-mSSII-S*™! Seba " t0 P»»- |KMoamltt:2S*ia
8.30 pm| 6:00 pm[ | 7:35 pmj «:UPn»
The nun tangled in the tape from
the ticker is the type of the average
business man. His business cares
wrap him about like the coils of a
constrictor and slowly crush out his
life. The common sign of the busi-
ness man's slavery is "weak. stom-
ach." the natural consequence of the
rapid eating, the indigestible pastry,
the coffee and pie or dougUnuls,
with which many a man stuffs his
stomach under the name of "quick
lunch." The quickest way back to
a strong stomach and sound health
is 10 use Dr. Pierre's Golden Med-
cal Discovery until perfectly cured.
It goes to the root of disease. It
removes the cause of ill-health.
It makes more blood and better
blood, and this blood nourishes
even.- organ in the body to the
highest point of vigorous health.
Thirirsr the bummer and fall of 1596."
writes Chas. 11. Screcant. Esq.. of Pisin
City. Madikon Co.. Onio. "I became all
'run down.' nerves were out of order. I
wrote to Dr. Pierce for advice. He said I
had jr?neral debility, aud advised Doctor
Pirrce's Colder Medical Dix-overy. and,
t ':¦...:. Vs to you for your edvice. I used six
bottle? ; and since I stopped taking it about
one year ago. I have not taken any medi-
cine of any kind, and Aat< been able to woi t
n#yy da}. My appetite is pood. I ctn eat
three i^uare meals a day. and I io not feel
that miserable burning in the stomach after
eating. My blo6ij and nerres are in pood
6^-»pe. and, I am in good running order."
Dr. Pierce'« Pellet* cure biliousness.
4
EX-CAPTAIN BEN BOHEN,SET OF TEETH ? ~ss 00
GOLD FILLING .'. $100
BEST TEETH. S. S. W $8 00
GOLD CROWN $5.00
SILVER FILLING 50c
We arc making a s^ecial'y of gold crown and bridge
work, the most teautitul, painless nnd durab'e of all dental
work known to the profession. Our nam: alon; will b; a
guarantee that your work will i?e of the best. We have
a specialist in each department Best operators, best gold
workmen and extractors of teeth; in fact, all the staff
are inventors of modern d?ntistry. We will tell you in
advance' exactly what your work will cost by a free exami-
nation. Give us a call and you will find we do exactly as
we advertise. .
Religion for Busy Men.
The annual noonday Lenten meetings of
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew's began
yesterday In the rooms of the Chamber
of Commerce for xi.p benefit of those busi
ness men who on account of the press of
affairs material nr* unable to attend di
vine services elsewhere.
that city and the Middle West, entered a com
plaint before the Interstate Commerce I'oraralt
te«\ demanding that the existing freight rates
on commodities in carload lots be changed,, so
as to render them more nearly equal, and a\cu
that freight rates to the Pacific Coast and ta
intermediate points be graduated according to
distance, irrespective of water competition;
and.
Whereas, Such a change, while working a
great Injury to the Jobbing interests of this
coast, will be of no service to the consumer — for
It is not asked cr contended that rate Fhrnild be
lowered, but merely that they should be t-f,u:il
iw>d — nor to the retailer, who now gets the
benefit of the wholesalers' carload rate to thy
coast, which would erase to exist If the pro
posed change were effected. Therefore, be It
Resolved. By the Chamber of Commerce of I-os
Aniseies. whose membership of 1000 includes
wholesalers, manufacturers, retailers and the
general consumer alike, that the proposed
change is. according to our view, lalse in prin
ciple and Iniquitous in its practical results, and
is- detrimental to the commercial Interests of the
section we represent, and that we do therefore
enter- our protest against it to the Interstate
Commerce Commission and urge that the pres
ent rates, or rates similarly graded, be main
tained.
Mr. Holbrook stated that prior to the
completion of the railroad lie had re
ceived all of his goods by sea. Back in
ISM the local merchants reached the con
clusion that the railroad was not treat
ing them right and started two ship lines
of their own — one by the Isthmus and the
other via Cape Horn. The outcome of this
action was a rate war that enabled the
St. Louis jobbers to get a foothold on the
coast. ¦ Differentials were almost entirely
eliminated and many of the competing
iines went into the hands of receivers.
He stated that the encroachment on this
territory of the Middle West jobbers had
gradually reduced the area of trade of
tile Pacific Coast wholesalers. He said
that whereas the latter formerly carried
on an extensive business with Idaho,
Utah. Montana, Washington and Oregon
retailers, this had been grabbed up by
the Middle West dealers by reason of
their railroad facilities being more favor
able than those on the coast.
Shipments by Land and Sea.
The following statement was presented
showing the proportion of shipments
made by rail and by steamer to Mr. Hol
brook's firm:
By Rail. By S«*.
Tear— Per Cent. Per CuiC
ISS9 44 56
ISM...'. 52 4S
1891 45 fil
1*92 27 73
lS^ 26<4 13%
I'm 57 43
1595 4Si£ 504
IX9B 52 4S
1537 71 2*
ISSS S2 is
1899 7S 12
"Competition has had the effect of low-
Track-Walker Drowned.
The body of Peter Kelly, a trackwalker
for th«- Southern Pacific Company, was
found floating in the bay near the Mission
Bay warehouse, yesterday by two boys.
Joseph Elk and John Ludlow. The man
left his home. s^t) Bryant street. Sumlay
night. and it is supposed he fell from on«
of the trestles over the bay. He was 64
years of age and haves a widow and four
children.
Catholic Truth Society.
The regular monthly lecture and relig
ious exercises of the Catholic Truth So
ciety will be held in St. Mary's Cathedral
to-morrow evenlr.fr. The lecture will b«
delivered by Rev. James McDonald of St.
Charles Church. Members of the Truth
Society are requested to be present to re
ceive copies of the pamphlets for hoiy
week — "A Gospel Story of the Passion"
and "The Ceremonies of Holy Week Ex
plained."
NEW YORK DENTAL PARLORS
COURT NOTES.
The .writ of habeas corpus sworn out
on behalf of J. F. Collins, the alleged
Seattle bank robber, was argued before
Judge Lawlor yesterday and taken under
advisetnent.
i
A Full Set of T
eth
$5.00
Have your teeth out In the morning and go
home with new ones t\)e same day.
I; you are troubled with nervousness or heart trouble,
be sure anJ call upon us. You will have' no fainting spills,
no bad alter effects. =¦ ; ;
Nowhere on earth is the subject of den'htry so thor-
oughly unlerstooi and so much care experienced as by the
directors of this magnificently appointed dental office.
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN.
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without pain by
our late scientific method. No sleep-producing azents or
cocaine. These are the only dental parlors in San Frandsco
thai have the patent appliances and ingredients to extract,
fill and apply gold crowns and porcelain <ro\vn«, und:tect-
able from natural te;th, and warranted for. to years, with-
out tne least particle of pain. Gold crowns and teeth with-
out plates, gold fillings and all other dental work done pain*
lejssly and by specialists.-
Our prices are the lowest consistent with first-class
work. We do not try to compete with CHEAP dental
work.
NEW YORK DENTAL PARLORS THE LEADERS
at work day and night at their office, 723
Market St., pleasing the public, as usual.
porate limits of the city and county deals,
playa or carries on, opens or causes to be
opened, or who conducts, either as owner or
employe, any game played with cards, dice or
any device for money, checks or credits as tht»
result of any such came. Is punishable by a
fine of not le«s than $10 nor more than $100,
and In default of such payment shall be lm-'
prisoned for not less than ten nor more than
100 days.
Sec. 2 Every person who sets up or causes
to b«> set up. maintained or operated, any ma
chine or mechanical contrivance of any kind
which may be put in motion or action by drop
ping or depositing In any place therein or any
portion thereof of any coin, metal or other
check or other device which said machine or
mechanical contrivance has attached thereto,
or in connection therewith or in the vicinity
thereof any card or placard or anything writ
ten or printed setting forth the promise of the
payment or of the giving away of any sum
of money or any articles or number of arti
cles of merchandise or orders for the same, cr
checks, or any other representative of value to
be paid or redeemed at any place or by any per
son dependent on any contingency connected
with or upon the operation of the machine or
mechanical contrivance as aforesaid. Is pun
ishable by a fine of not less than $10 nor more
than $10<}, and in default shall be Imprisoned
not less than ten days nor more than 100
days.
A second ordinance, which, together
with the first, was referred to the License
and Order Committee, repeals the order
now in effect imposing a license of $3 pur
quarter on all sucn machines.
Anti-Lottery Order.
Upon the request of Chief of Police Sul
livan Supervisor Tobin introduced an or
der which was passed to print, intended
to. prohibit lottery and lottery drawings.
It reads as follows:
Section I. It shall be unlawful for any per
son io pass, give or deliver to another, or cir
culate any papers, writings, prints, bills, hand
bills, cards, instruments or devices which ex
clusively purport to be or represent to be copies
statements or memoranda of a lottery drawing!
or which exclusively purport to be or repre
sented to be statements, declarations,, copies or
memoranda or lists of the lucky or winning
characters, number* or figures In or of a lot
tery or In or of a lottery drawing.
Sec. 2. Any person violating any of the pro
visions of this ordinance shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and punished by a fine
of not more than $500, or by Imprisonment for
six months, or both. . . sTi.: -.
Another ordinance in this connection,
which was also passed to print, prohibits
the possession of lottery tickets, papers,
stamps, tools, instruments or devices.
In the face of strong and decided pop
ular opinion against the re-establishment
of horse racing, with its many attendant
evils, in this city. Supervisors Helms and
McCarthy had the temerity at yesterday's
meeting of the board to introduce two or
dinances which are especially designed to
legalize the equine sport within the city
and county. Both ordinances were pre
sented by their authors in a quiet, unos
tentatious way. and were referred to the
Police Committee, which will report its
recommendation, favorable or unfavora
ble, at the next meeting of the board.
There was no discussion of the two
measures, probably on the principle that
the least said about the iniquitous meas
ures the better.
Helms' order cannot be taken seriously
and no one takes it that way. There is no
order now prohibiting legitimate horse
racing and no reason exists for Jt s . '"^ r °
dur-Uon. Every man, woman and cniia in
the community is in favor of legitimate
contests between fleet-footed animals. The
ministers themselves have never voiced
their sentiments against horseracing itself,
but their efforts have been directed to
ward destroying the pernicious gambling
which accompanies the sport. Helms —or
rather McQuaide's— order therefore means
nothing and is intended only to befuddle
the public mind and draw it away from
the main issue In the case, that of per
mitting gambling at racetracks. The or
dinance is us follows:
Section 7. It shaJl \>e unlawful for any per
son or person*, copartnership, association,- or
¦corporation, either as owner, agent. lessee or
manag*r. of any race track, lnciosure or fair
ground within the «/lty and county of San Fran
cls»o to cause, procure or permit any horse
race fir races, or contest or contexts of skill,
speed or power of endurance between horses to
occur or be given cr helii within any one such
race track. Inrlosure r,r fair grounds for more
than sixty days In ary one year, or at any time
without first paying '.he license provided for in
this ordinance. «
Sec. 2. Every owner, agent, lessee or man
ater <.t any race track, lnciosure " or fair
grounds in the city and county of San Fran
cisco ?hall pay «. license for each and every day
a hir»" rsro or races or contest or contests of
Kklli. 1 : speed or power of endurance between
hors** Is given or held or shall occur thereon or
there* of the sum of J4O.
Pec. (5. Any person or .persons, copartnership.
arsoclUion or corporation who shall violate any
of the' provisions of this ordinance shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
convlcti4n thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not fljore th»n $500 or by Imprisonment of
not morf .than six months, or by both Euch fine
and lmr-tsonment.
McCarthy's ordinance, which commend
ably prohibits the selling of pools within
the city *nd county on" any kind of con
test, is directed toward the downtown
bucket sh*ps and poolrooms, but It con-
tains one. fatal exception, which is certain
to encompass its defeat. It legalizes pool
selling and registering of bets on horse
races for fifty days in one year, but only
within the lnciosure when; the horse races
are actually taking place. In other words,
McCarthy seeks to present the Eastern
syndicate of gamblers with a monopoly of
the gambling on racing and give it the
exclusive right in this city and county to
filch the dollars from the public.
While both ordinances arc evidently in
tended t,o limit the period of racing the
language is fatally defective therein, for
there is nothing to prevent other race
tracks or grounds from being constructed,
and as the restriction is placed only on
any one lnciosure the consequence would
be that racetracks would spring up like
mushrooms and the city would be deluged
with an army of gambling vultures, all
seeking to rob the unwary.
McCarthy's ordinance reads as follows:
To Protect Track Gamblers.
Section I. It shall be unlawful, except an
herein provided, for any person, firm or cor
poration In the city and county of San Fran
cisco, to lease, rent, let or keep any room,
shed, tenement, booth, building, tent or other
premises, or to occupy or use the same for
the purpose of registering or making bets,
wafers or selling of ikv>ls in any form, or to
contract or to receive any money, or anything
representing money. In any capacity what
ever, for the purpose of making, placing,
recording or registering any bet or wager, or
making any bet or pool upon the final or con
tingent result of any event, of any kind what
soever, whether said event takes place either
within or without this State, and whether said
event Is then actually occuring, or Is about
to occur: provided, however, that this ordi
nance Is not designed to prohibit horse racing,
and. therefore. It shall be lawful within any
racetrack In the city and county of San Fran
cisco to which an admission fee Is charged to
engage In said poolselllnir and registering of
bets, for a period not to exceed fifty (50) days
in ar.y one year, and during the said fifty (50)
days such poolKelllng and betting may be per
mitted, but only upon horse races then actually
occurring upon said racetrack.
Sec. 2. Any person, firm or corporation vio
lating any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by
a fine of five hundred ($500) dollars, or by Im
prisonment for the term of six (6) months, or
by both such fine and imprisonment.
In glaring contradiction to the ordi
nances intended to legalize gambling
on horse racing was the ordinance
introduced by Supervisor Comte by
which it is intended to prohibit gambling:
by cards, dice or any device for money,
checks or credits, -and Is especially direct
ed against the nickel-in-the-slot card ma
chines and mechanical contrivances
which overrun the city. The measure fol
lows:
Sweeping Anti-Gambling Order.
Section 1. Every person who within ¦ the . cor-
CITY IS AGAIN THREATENED
WITH THE RACETRACK EVIL
Continue to keep all of the old Reliable
Specialists who make and keep the
Ask for Allen's Foot-Ease.
A rx-'W'W f> FhaVp Into your Fhoes. It rests
the feet an>l makes walking eapy. Curea Corns
er.4 Bunion*. Fwoilen, Callous and Sweating
Fe<-t. Rol«l by all <Jrufr»?is?s and choc stores. 25c.
Ask to-dar. Painr! 1 ? FREE. Address Allen S.
Olmeted. 1* Rot. N. Y.
First Congressional District.
Walter F. Price, chairman of the First
Congressional District Republican Central
Committee, announces that there will be
a meeting of the committee at Golden
Gate Hall. San Francisco, Friday. April
6 The purposes of the meeting are to tlx
the time and place for a Congressional
Carpenter Missing.
Charles Ehrig. a carpenter formerly em
ployed in a tannery. Was reported as miss
ing since March 14 at the Morgue laat
night. According to friends Ehrig: was
last seen on board the steamer South
Portland, which sailed for Puget Sound
come time- ago.
An up-to-date hotel. The Bradbury. Every-
thing first-class. 1604 California St., cor. Polk,
near Van Ness.
Up-to-date framing at reasonable prices.
Bring your pictures in and see If it isn't
so. Fancy gilt frames, new moldings
and pretty mat boards at Sanborn &.
Vall's, 741 Market street. •
Robbed in a Saloon.
John Reynolds, an ex-convict, was ar
rested by Officers J. J. McShane and S. E.
McGovern and charged with robbery at
the California-street station, last night.
Reynolds, with two companions, held up
Julius Pettzt-r in a saloon on -Sacramento
street and robbed him of $17. Officer Mc-
Shane gave chase and succeeded in catch
ing Reynolds.
JUDGE DE HAVEN IN
THE HOWARD MATTER
His Opinion Supports the Referee's
Report in the San Jose Bank
ruptcy Case.
Ur.Jted {»:atfs uistrict junge op Haven
y< Pterday ha:-,d<*d down an opinion affirm
ing the order < i f the referee in the matter
of K. H. Howard, bankrupt. The opinion
f<ts forth that the I'nion Savings Bank
r>? Pan Jose proved claim against the es
tm t *¦ in bankruptcy for 53<*.393 45. A peti
tion was thereafter filed with the referee
by J. M. Cox. a creditor, asking that the
claim be re-examined and reduced to $70.-
S?l»7& upon the ground that all that part
cf '.'r.f claim wlurh accrued prior to May
25. 1898; to wit, J2:;7.47S M. had been released
by an agreement entered into on May 25,
IS&S. between Howard and the bank, act
ing through its president, H. Ward
Wr!ght.
The referee refused to reduce the claim,
and Judge de Haven's decision confirms
th«> rTfir: of the refer***.
Cogill and May Arlea in a musical com
edy sketch: Gullle. Fields, Sweet. Vashti.
Earl and Luler, Shepherd, Keno, Welch
and Melrose.
California.
"On the Suwar.ee River" drew a good
house at the California last night and
the actors and specialists came In for un
bounded approval. The play is thrilling
and its serious side is pleasantly relieved
'by the colored quartet and the singing of
Miss Stella Mahew. who cannot be ex
celled in her coon specialties.
Brownies in Fairyland.
"The Brownies in Fairyland," Palmer
Cox's delightful operetta, will be given
for the first time at the Grand Opera
house next Sunday afternoon and even-
Ing. The cast, which will Include nearly
200 children, will be the same as in the re
cent successful production at the Califor
nia Theater.
The Neill Company.
Great interest attends the initial appear
ance of the James Neill Company at the
California Theater next Monday night.
Last season the organization gave 400 con
secutive performances at the Pike Opera
house, Cincinnati, after which it appeared
for seven months at the Metropolitan
Theater in St. Paul and Minneapolis. The
opening play will be Sol Smith Russell's
comedy success, "A Bachelor's Ro
mance."
The Olympia.
The Olympia stock company of vaude
ville artists is presenting a first-class bill
this week. The Black Bartons made a big
hit last night and Alice Raymond and
Trixeda are still ponular.
District Convention, to meet and elect two
delegates to the National Republican
Convention and for the consideration of
such other business as may properly come
before the meeting.
SAX FRANCISCO merchants began
yesterday to add their testimony to
that of other Pacific Coast mercan
tile men in support of the contention
now under consideration by the In
terstate (.jgmmerce Commission that the
pl*-a of the St. Louis jobbers to have the
existing differentials readjusted is aimed
at the extinction of the local wholesalers.
The members of the commission who are
hearing t"he evidence are Martin A. Knapp
of New York (chairrr.ani. Judson C. Clem
ents of Georgia. James D. Yeomans of
lowa "and Joseph W. Kifer of Illinois.
These Easternets are an energetic lot.
When they have work before them they
believe in disposing of it without any un
necessary loss of time. They met yester
day morning at 11 o'clock in the I'nited
States Circuit Court room in the Apprais
er's building, continued their first session
until 1 o'clock in th«- afternoon, adjourned
i:nt!l 2 to take a bite, resumed business
promptly at .the appointed hour, listened
attentively to the witnesses -until aft»r 5
p. m. and thru shocked the local mer
chants and the San Francisco attorneys
interested by suggesting that the proceed
ings be resumed at 9 o'clock this morning.
Su«h an early start was a little too much
for the Californ'ans. and when they re
covered from their surprise they begged
for a compromise, which was agreed to
by fixing the time of meeting- this morning
at W o'clock.
E. S. Pillsbury represented the Pacific
Coast jobbers bt-fort; the commission, and
W. r\ llerrin was on hand to pee that the
Southern Pacific Company got none the
worse of the controversy. Tlie interests
rf the St. Ixrais jobbers were looked after
by H. L. Christie.
The hardware trade was the only branch
of the whotewile business that was con
sidered yesterday. Charles Holbrook of
Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson and A. C.
Kulofson. connected with Baker & Ham
ilton, were the only witnesses examined.
Mr. Holbrook was rather conservative in
his statements, while Mr. Rulofson went
to the other extreme. Both agreed that
the steamships and clipper ships which
brini? merchandise to the coast are the
great factors in regulating freight rates
and are virtually the salvation of the local
jobbers.
Los Angeles Protests.
Before' Mr. Holbrcok was called upon to
testify Mr. Pillsbury presented the follow
ing resolution, which had been adopted
by the Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce:
Whereas. The Business Men's League of St.
Louis has, in behalf of the jobbing Interest ol
SEALIONS AGAIN
DESTROYING FISH
Hundreds of Salmcn Killed Along
the Coast ana in the Upper
Bay.
In anticipation offahe present run of sal
:-.•••:. oiore ".-•¦ <-i..«.t "to the spawning
grounds u;i the river** the Kish Commis-
Fionens :ire anxious to settle beyond all
cicv/ute U.>- question ;•..¦ to whether or not
these fish are destroyed by the Beallons
nut :n *!:•- oj . :i waters of the ocean ana
Lay. Accordingly they sent a deputy to
1 1.-' coast below Point New Years to
watch.. A letter from the deputy received
\<-Mt=iday pays that on Sunday ht
watched a eealion destroy a number ot
f-alrr.on. The deputy was so lucky as to
Fhoot uif- i>»^is! in ihr h«ad. killing it in
ttantly, while it had the head of a salmon
: ••- rooTlh. The head of the sealion and
Kabnon will be sent to Stanford T'niver
{=;:>-. The killing of the fish took place at
th^ mfuTh of Wardells Orer-k. which the
salmon were trying to *>nter.
Rupert* from'Stiisun Bay are to the ef
fect that larp.- numbers of sealions ar»
?r»n th.-rp every (lay killing fish.
ering freight rates, said Mr. HoJbrook,
"and increasing the differentials. Ship
ments by sea only compete with carload
lots by rail, by reason of the fact that
ships never make rates on small lots. To
meet that competition the railroad has
cut its carload rate, while the less than
carload rate has not been affected. The
present differentials are fair to all par
ties Interested and I think should be main
tained."
It was shown that many of the Middle
West jobbers, especially those who have
established branch houses here, are in
sympathy with the defense of the Pacific
Coast wholesalers. It was in evidence, in
opposition to the contention of the St.
Louis people that they were being un
justly discriminated against, that for a
given sum the St. Louis wholesalers could
ship twice as far West as the Pacific
Coast jobbers could East.
Mr. Holbrook testified that Mr. Hibbard
of St. Louis had told him that the object
of the Middle West jobbers in fighting for
a field on the Pacific Coast was to secure
a territory in which to work off their
surplus goods, which they were glad to
dispose of at a very small margin of
profit. They wanted the differentials re
duced so that they could add the differ
ence to their profits. The witness denied
in. positive terms that there was or ever
had been any agreement among the local
jobbers as to a scale of prices.
Says St. Louis Is Pirating.
"The Middle West man is not treatintr
us fairly." said Mr. Holbrook, in conclu
sion. "He is playing the pirate. We build
schools and churches and other public In
stitutions and pay our taxes, but these
people come here to take everything and
leave nothing. If the St. Louis mer
chant would come here on an equal foot
ing with us ami establish his business
house here we would welcome him — we
would throw the floors wide open to him —
but we draw the line at piracy.
Chairman Knapp assured the witness
that all the commission wanted was the
facts so that it could judge what was best
to do for the prosperity, progress and
husiness interests of every community in
volved.
A. C. Rulofson was decidedly pointed In
his testimony, especially when he referred
to the Southern Pacific Company. Much
of his testimony followed the lines of that
given by Mr. Holbrook.
"When freight rates are raised." he
said, "we increase the 'price only on
coarse goods, where the margin of profit
is small. In high-priced goods the extra
freight is absorbed in the profit. The Cali
fornia dealers do not take advantage of
the market as they do In the East. "We
are prompt to reduce prices, but very slow
to increase them."
He said he believed in patronizing the
steamer lines and sailing vessels as much
as possible. "It is a duty we owe our
selves," he continued, "and the onlymeans
we have of keeping the railroads in line.
Shipping by sea is the great regulator of
rates. If we did not have that advantage
it is hard to tell what the railroads would
not do to us."
He argued that St. Louis' fight was
aimed just as much at the Atlantic sea
board as the Pacific Coast and asserted
that the Middle West city was trying to
"make a little world all by Itself."
Mr. Rulofson turned his attention to an
exhibit furnished during the Los Angeles
session by Mr. Walte of St. Lkjuls. pur
porting to show freight rates paid, per
cent of profit, differentials, etc.. which are
enjoyed by the Middle West dealers. The
witness pulled Mr. Walte's compilations
to pieces and said that at best they were
only "the guess of an amateur."
Evidence Before Interstate Commerce Commission Shows
That Ocean Transportation Is the Great Freight
Regulator of the Coast.
to mm mm.
SAM SULLIVAN SULLIVAN of 116 N. Spring St., Los An-
geles.
J. B. NICHOLS of San Francisco, now at Baldwin's ranch.
H. ANDERSON, driver Model Laundry, 601 Harrison St.,
Seattle.
LAURA GLOVER of Victoria. B. C.
S. \V. CLARK of 6oi Main St., Seattle.
A. J. SAXTON, Hemet, Riverside Co.
DR. S. H. WOOD, formerly Surgeon General of Maricopa
County (Arizona) Hospital.
DR. WOODS BAUGHMANof Newhall. Cal.
C. A. COLE, of the well-known rirm of Field & Cole, 349
Spring St., Los Angeles.
Plavc all used Electrozone Preparations with good result?, and
recommend them to suffering humanity. Write the people; we
defy contradiction. Watch date for free sample bottle.
c/ id. UCLfC^rr d£ '/Hi*, sU**&'
frit lsN>
Watch date when a free sam-
ple bottle of Electrozone will be
given. Electrozone Preparations
are standard remedies that
should be in every home, and
will cure Stomach Trouble, Ca-
tarrh, Kidney and Bladder Ail-
incuts, and all diseases arising
from impure blood. Take no
substitute — insist on Electrozone. All Druefonsts
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIENKIEWICZ'S
NOVEL IS PUT
ON TIE STAGE
"Quo Vadis" at the Alcazar
Draws a Large House
and Is a Hit.
"Manila Bound" Has Started a Run
at the Tivoli — Last Week of
the Present Morosco
Company.
*
Something happened at the Alcazar last
night. As many novel readers as the
house would held wtre there to see the
first performance of "Quo Vadis." and it
looks as if the "extraordinary expendi
tures" and "elaborate preparations" that
were made for this production would not
be in vain.
In view of the managerial effort one is
disposed to be lenient with the roughness
of a first night, and I am unwilling to
condemn the players for a somewhat cor
rugated performance, but hope they; will
attain to smoothness and artistic deli
cacy before the play enters upon the — th
week of its threatened run.
I can claim the distinction (almost
unique, I fancy) of not having read Sien
[ kiewicz"s novel, and I have not the heart
to heart feeling for the characters that
I vitalizes the "C2uo Vadis" cult, but I own
1 to a fondness for Petronius that I was
loth to have disturbed by seeing the Ar
biter Elegantiarum of Rome disguised as
Ernest Hastings, the arbiter elegantiarum
of O'Farrell street.
It is a delicate matter this, counterfeit
ing of personages of the past, who have
not been thrust on the stage so often and
variously that their true characters are
lost to sight in the mirror-maze of the
drama. I m!ght forgive some other actor
for tampering with my ideas of what I e
tronius should be if he succeeded merely
in giving the character some vitality— in
conveying something moro than the mere
intent of the lines: but Hastings does nei
ther, and it is only the words that he
speaks that have any dramatic value and
they are not overcharged with strength
or interest. . , ...
It Is so with the greater part of this
dramatization by Miss Jeanette Gilder,
from whose terrifying masculinity one
might expect to find the force and virility
of Sienkiewicz augmented and empha
sized. And yet she has made a play in
spite of the mass of superfluous dialogue
loaded into the six acts, in spite m the
abrupt transitions from one element of
the plot to another that occur without
warrant of art and little excuse of reason,
and in spite of the excessive sermonizing
which I judge, to be as much the fault or«
the author as of the adapter.
She has made a play that is not only
didactic but dramatic as well, or I should
perhaps say melodramatic, for it contains
all the elements of melodrama and conse
quently of popularity.
Will J. Irvin is the only member of the
cast worthy of special mention. He is
much too loud at times as the impetuous
Tigellinus. but again he shows a marked
intelligence in some of his scenes. The
names of the characters are pronounced
J, many ways
Grand Opsra-House.
Millocker's "Beggar Student was pre
sented at the Grand Opera-house last
evening in a manner deserving of more
than ordinary praise, the scening and
costuming showing signs of taste, cars
and no little expenditure of money. The
opera is by no means new to the excellent
company, "and it went with a swing and
a dash that were really refreshing. Wolff,
Wooley. Goff and Perssw in the male roles
and Edith Mason. Bessie Fairbairn and
Hattte Belle Ladd being at their best.
Encores were numerous and there were
several curtain calls for Misses Ladd and
Mason and Messrs. Persse, Wolff and
Goff. The chorus was liberal as to num
bers and well drilled and the many tune
ful passages were given with a vim and
spirit that evoked the hearty applause of
the audience.
Tivoli.
"Manila Bound still proves an attrac
tion at the Tivoli Opera-house. Hartman
as the retired brewer furnishes most of
the fun and keeps the audience laughins
nearly all the time. At last evening's
performance the whole cast was in good
voice and each feature was liberally ap
plauded. The Tivoli management has in
preparation for next week the old operatic
favorite "The Bohemian Girl."
Beginning en April 16 "The Wizard of
the Nile," by the authors and composers
of "The Idol's Eye," will have the boards.
It is expected to win the same popular
favor as did the latter opera.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum lives up to the hish stand
ard established by itself for itself and
presents a splendid new bill this week.
Of the new attractions Matthews and
Harris easily lead in a bounclnp bit of
farce entitled "Adam the Second." L<oney
Haskell with a change of specialty, scores
heavily and easily blots out the unfav
orable* impression of the past week.
Others on the bill are Carrie Behr, Harry
SAN FRANCISCO JOBBERS LOOK
TO THE SEA FOR SALVATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL a, 1900.
ALASKAN CURIOS
FOR UNIVERSITY
ARE EXHIBITED
President Wheeler and Re
gents of the State Insti
tution Inspect Them.
Valuable Collection Illustrative of
Life ana Manners of the Far
North Bevotsd to Cause
cf Education.
The Alaskan curiosities collected by the
Alaska Common-ial Company v.ere on ex
hibition In th<» ferry building yesterday
fttid a fard told t hi* story that the ooll^e
ricn ha<l been donated by the company to
the University of California. The hand
fome pift was jeally inadp some time :ipo.
Y<-s;«rr!ay tras selected for an inspection
by President Wheeler, the Board of Re
ppntp and the faculty of the University of
California. President G«*r«le. Captain
GttCtav XleLuum and Louis Sloss Jr. of
the Alaska Commercial Company were
present. The university was represent
ed by President Wheeler. Mr?. Hearst,
Regent Houphton. Professor Joseph Le
Conte. Professor Davidson. Professor Rit
i>r. I>r. Merriam a;>d Charles A. Keeler.
The curios fill one large room. The sides
of the apartment are surrounded with
*-howcases and a double row of cases
n:r.s through the center. In these are
displayed enough rare and curious arti
< los to teacii Alaskan ethnology. Several
'ufp? hold figures attired In the charac
teristic dresse* of Alaska. There is a
larire assortment of Alaskan canr.es. stone
implements, the birds, beasts and rtshes of
the country, enough bows and arrows and
darts to set a small boy wild with de
i'jrbt: also representations of the interiors
of Eskimo nr.<\ other Indian dwellings.
Thf collection h.is been described before.
It is said to be more complete even than
the one in the Smithsonian Institution in
Washington. Captain Niebaum be^an to
eolieel rurio? In ISC'. The work was taken
up by the Alaska Commercial Company
srd has been k?pt up since. The result is
that museums in Europe and the Smith
ror.:an hare bb r ?r. th«- gainers. The collec
tion donated to the State I'n'.versity
Srculd probably brine; $30,000 in tile mar
ket. Tt> doors will be open, free t<> all
visitors, from A to 5 every Monday. Wed
r> sii.iv mill Saturday.
All worK guaranteed for 10 years with a Protective Guarantee.
Recommended by over 15.000 patieots who have already had worK done at our office.
Main Office: Hours— S to 8 ; Sundays, IO to 4-.
Fourth and Morrison Streets, Portland. Lady always In attendance.
723 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
NO PLATES C^^^i
Hood's
Vegetable
Sarsaparilla
75 Gents.
7VO MORE.
NO LESS.
And this price every day
in the year.
SEND FOR 100-PAGE
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE.
Pslne's Celery Compound 75c
Pierces Prescription - 75c
Pierces Discovery 75c
Pir.rham's Compound 75c
Baker's Hondoras SsrsaparlHa - .75c
Hood's Sarsapariiia 75c
Ajer's Sarsaparilla 75c
Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size. -.75c
Carter's Hair fenewer 50c
C-rter's Uthia Tablets 25c
Yaldier's Violet Ammonia 25c
J| Swzmpßcot 40c
( Syrup of Figs — 35c
i Carter's Uier Pills. 15c
I THE OWL DRUG CO.
fjW Cut-Rat* DrurslvU.
tISS IKAfKET OT.
> SAX FRANCISCO.
„ lOth and Broadway
*Tiiwnißiiltf Oakland. _~'¦'¦'-'~ '¦'¦'-'
5
CITY WHOLESALERS BEFORE INTERSTATE COMMERCE COMMISSIONANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO PREMIUMS— S. H., Irvlngton, Cal.
There Is no premium offered on half-dimes
of 1535, dimes of IS3I. 1534 and IS3T, half
dollars of 182S or Jo pieces of 1537.
A MINT MARK— A. S., City. The letter
"D" as a mint mark is found only on gold
pieces of the United States and that letter
indicates' that the coin was minted at
Dahlonega, Ga.
TO SOUTH AFRICA— A. P. C. San Ma
teo, Cal. There is a line of steamers from
San Francisco that will by transfer con
vey passengers to South Africa. A person
can also go from San Francisco by rail
to New York and go to point of destina
tion by steamer direct from that port.
INCORPORATED SOCIETIES — M..
City. The law of this State, section 307 of
the Civil Code, provides' how directors of
an Incorporated public or private corpora
tion shall be elected. Section 308 says:
"Immediately after the election the direc
tors must organize by the election of a
president, who must be one of their num
ber; a secretary and a treasurer. They
must perform the duties enjoined' on them
"Can you use a Boer dialect storyT***
asked the young author.
"No." replied the editor: "we've a whole
kopje of them out on the veldt."— Phila-
delphia North American.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION
UPWARD of forty propositions for amending
the constitution of the United States have been
submitted at this session of Congress. A good
many of them are virtually duplicates and cover the
same subject, but still the variety of the whole is
large. Most of them were submitted early in the ses
sion, and it seemed at one time as if Congress might
spend the wmter in high arguments on constitutional
questions, for every Congressman who had an amend
ment vowed he would make the fight of his life to
bring it to the front and keep it there until a vote was
taken. • Up to this time, however, nothing of note
has been done with regard to any of them, and their
only usefulness has- been to fill a pigeonhole.
The amendment of most general interest is that
providing for the election of United States Senators
by direct vote of the people. It has been before sev
eral Congresses and has once or twice passed the
House of Representatives. The arguments for it are
strong, and every year new ones arise. The dis
closures made in the investigation of the election of
Clark add to the popular demand for a change in the
system, and it is probable this amendment will even
tually be adopted. At any rate something will hay;
to be done to put an end to the evils of the present
system, and up to this time nothing better has been
devised than the proposed election by direct vote.
An amendment which seemed likely at one time to
go through both houses with a rush is that providing
that neither polygamy nor polygamous cohabitation
shall exist within the United States or in any place
subject to its jurisdiction. When the Roberts case
was before the public and constituted the chief sen
sation of the day this amendment was in high favor.
Of late it has seemingly been abandoned. It may be
that Congress has reached the conclusion that to press
it just at this time would seem unfriendly to our fel
low citizen, ally, subject or serf, whichever he may
be, the genial Sultan of Sulu, and accordingly h.ij
shelved it for a time until the Sultan feels more at
home with us and more ready to adopt our customs.
In both houses amendments have been offered giv
ing Congress power to levy taxes on incomes, an
other grants to Congress power to deal with trusts.
One proposes that the Presidential term of office be
fixed at six years and that the incumbent be ineligible
for re-election. An amendment which at one time
was much discussed authorizes Senators or Represen
tatives to hold seats in the Cabinet without forfeit
ing their seats in Congress. That would give us
Cabinet representation in Congress and would be
somewhat like the British system, but would hardly
fil well with the rest of our form of government
whose essential principle is that the legislative and
executive branches of government shall be wholly dis
tinct.
Two amendments prohibit to the State Legisla
tures a^ "well as to Congress the power to pass any
law respecting an establishment of religion, hindering
the free exercise thereof, or appropriating any money
in aid of any religious denomination or any institu
tion wholly or partly under ecclesiastical control.
Another of considerable note, and which has been
widejy advocated, confers upon Congress the power,
to establish uniform marriage and divorce laws
"Yes," explained the old family servant.
"Marse William died er dissapp'intment.
Dese new, col' winters in de South is what
kilt him. Wen he see his whisky froze,
en he had ter swaller it in cracked ice.
he heave a deep sigh en give up de ghos'!*
—Atlanta Constitution.
THE EUROPEAN COAL FAMINE.
ONE of the economic conditions of the time,
out of which far-reaching results may be ex
pected, i$ the so-called "coal famine" which
now prevails in Great Britain and Germany. The
famine does not mean an exhaustion of the coal
mines, t>ut only that in those countries a point has
been reached where the mines in many cases cannot
be profitably worked at the present price of coal.
Thus there has been brought about a famine in an
economic sense, and its effects have been almost the
saroe as if the mines had given out.
, The situation is not very bad in Great Britain,
owing to the facilities that country has for importing
coal, but according to reports from Germany the
shortage there has been disastrous. Thus we read
that in some localities not only, have the factories
closed for lack of fuel but even the schools have been
shut during the cold days of winter for the same rea
son. Moreover, it is said to have checked the work
in the Government shipyards, and according to some
estimates has caused upward of a million men to he
thrown out of employment. '¦
There is doubtless a good deal of exaggeration in
most of these stories, but that there is a large and
growing need for coal in Europe is made evident by
the immense orders recently placed with American
coal dealers for a s"upplv. Thus it is said that a single
order has been recently given by a British syndicate
for 2,000,000 tons of Alabama coal, to be delivered at
New Orleans for export within- two years.
The situation is full of promise for the United
States, for as industry is now carried on, a shortage
of coal will mean a decrease in all kinds of industrial
power. With cheaper coal than Europe can obtain
we will have a great advantage in manufacturing of
all kinds, and the effects will greatly augment our in
dustrial wealth. There is no danger of any shortage
here for centuries to come, for according to one au
thority there is a "single mountain in Alabama con
taining enough coal to supply the whole world at the
present rate of consumption for over one hundred
jcars.
There is another aspect of the matter, though,
which is not so favorable to ourselves. The lack of
coal has set the Germans to developing electrical
energy by water power and transmitting it to manu
facturing centers. By devoting energy and money to
such enterprises under the stimulus of necessity and
the certainty of great rewards for. success, it is likely
the Germans will be carrying on 'most of their indus
try by cheap electrical power while we are still relying
upon steam because coal is cheap. .Thus what ap
pears to be.a disadvantage to the Germans may be
turned to advantage by science.
It has been stated that while each horsepower of.
mechanical' energy developed in the United States by
steam costs an average of $20 per annum, the Niagara
Falls Power Company furnishes an electrical current
equivalent to. one horsepower day and night for less
than $10 a year. An immense saving is therefore
possible by the development of electric power from
waterfalls. The present hard times in Germany may
thus be for them the beginning of a: "new! 1 industrial
era. and. perhaps we shall ourselves have to turn to the
same source of power in the end, instead of relying
upon bur. abundant and cheap coal for industrial su
premacy.. .... .'.-.. .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per IT) atTownsend's.*
A complete line of artlst9' materials in
oil. water color and China painting:
architects' drawinp papers and supplies,
poker etching machines. We have skins
to burn in our artists' material depart-
ment. A complete line of photographic
supplies including cameras, from tl up.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrhotrn— Vaudeville. .
Alcatar— "Quo Vadis."
Orar.3 Op^ra-houM"— "The Beppar Stuflent."
t J r,'r,m'a-"On the Suwanee Hlver."
»;.::f. rr.ia—Padirrrw ski, next Sunday night.
- Columbia— "Mr. Smooth."
nac&ex'S Concert Hous>e— "'Faust."
Tivoll— "Manna Bound."
'.hut«-5. Zoo fetid Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«venins.
Olrmpia, corner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
OakianJ Itace Track — Knees.
THE LEAGUE CONVENTION.
BULLETIN No. 3, issued from the headquarters
of the California League of Republican clubs,
announces that the committee on transporta
tion has arranged for reduced fares by rail or water
lo Los Angeles during the week of the convention of
the league.
In setting forth the terms under which the reduced
rates can be obtained, the bulletin says:
"From all points north of Mo j aye or Ellwood, on
the Southern Pacific Railroad, tickets will be sold on
the 'certificate plan.' That is, the attendant will buy
a first-class ticket to Los Angeles, and will take a
receipt from the railroad agent for such ticket on a
form which will be provided. This certificate will
state the course to be pursued in obtaining the one
third rate for the return trip from Los Angeles. It :s
essential that the attendant should have this certificate,
which may cover more than one ticket, provided the
additional tickets are for the attendant's family. The
tickets for the going trip may be bought at any time
within fifteen (15) days before,' or during, the meet
ing. The certificate (upon which the qjie-third fare
return-trip ticket will be issued) must be counter
signed by the secretary of the convention /and pre
sented to the agent of the railroad company at Los
Angeles with forty-eight hours of the close of the
convention, who will thereupon sell a return ticket to
the starting point at one-third first-class rates, which
ticket will be limited to three days from date of sale.
The blank certificates required can be obtained from
Major M. T. Owens, chairman of Local Executive
Committee. 130 South Spring street. Los Angeles,
Cal., or from the secretary of your club."
It is further announced that an open rate of one
and one-third first-class fare for the round trip from
all stations in Southern California to Los Angeles
and return, on either the Southern Pacific or the
Southern California railroads, has been Riven; and
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company makes a special
rate of one and one-half fare for the round trip from
all ports of call for its steamers in California to Los
Angeles sea ports — Port Los Angeles, Redondo and
San Pedro. v
By reason of these arrangements the attendance
on the convention should be considerably increased.
The gathering is to be one of great importance to the
party and it is desirable that every section of the State
be represented. The committee on transportation de
serves credit, therefore, for obtaining such a reduction
in fares as will conduce to that end.
J. J. Tobin
Pied down In the ditches.
Wild, howling for bread.
For the moment the people forgot their
misery, and the London Times had it that
when the royal cortege was passing
through the streets of Dublin one enthu
siastic woman cried out to her Majesty,
as she sat in her open carriage with her
children: "Och, Queen, dear, make one
of them Prince Patrick and all Ireland
will die for you."
The Queen did not forget, for she soon
after had her third son. the Duke of Con
naught, christened Patrick, and she also
created a new title for the Prince of
Wales— that of Earl of Dublin. She tells
us in her book, "Leaves Froin,My Diary."
that when she was leaving Kingstown
harbor she climbed to the top of one of
the paddle-boxes of her yacht and, stand
ing by the side of the Prince Consort,
bowed and waved her handkerchief re
peatedly to the cheering multitude.
Some, twenty years before the Queen's
uncle, George I\ , when leaving the same
place, is said to have shed tears of regret
at breaking away from his Iwyal and lov
ing subjects. "VV hat a contrast betweeen
the characters of these two sovereigns of
the House of Brunswick.
Thackeray, in his "Four Georges," says
of him: "We cannot get at his character.
Will men of the future have nothing bet
ter to do than to. unswatho and interpret
the royal old mummy?" Tom Moore ha.s
his fling at him when at breakfast table
with
"Tea and toast.
Death warrants and the Morning Post."
Charles Dickens sets forth his meanness,
selfishness and pomposity in the character
of Mr. Turveydrop. Irishmen look back
with pain on the scenes of loyal servility
enacted at that time in the Irish capital
by leading Irishmen. They resolved "not
to obtrude their grievances upon his Maj
esty during his stay in Dublin." The
great Liberator. Daniel O'Connell, pre
sented him with a huge bunch of sham
rock?. All this was done with the idea of
conciliating the King so that afterward he
would be disposed to favor measures in
tended to advance the Interests, of Ire
lfind. In these views they failed utterly.
What could they expect from one whom
Thackeray describes as "heartless and
treacherous." In Mitchell's History of
Ireland we are told how King George IV
"was hailed with tumultuous hurrahs in
the city of Dublin wherever he passed,
and in return he directed his secretary to
write a letter recommending the people to
be united." Lord Byron, in his poem
called the "Avatar," lashes the toadies
and sycophants who fawned upon this
"simulacrum of a King."
Aye. shout In his train, let thine orators lash
Their fanciful spirits to pamper his pride;
Not thus did thy Grattan indignantly flash
His soul o"er the freedom Implored and de
nied.
Spread. spread for Vitelllus the royal repaat
Tlil the Kluttonous despot be stuffed to the
gorge.
And the roar of his drunkards proclaim him at
last
The fourth of the fools and oppressors called
George.
Shout, drink, feast and flatter. O Erin, how
low .
Art thou sunk by misfortune and tyranny,
till
Thy welcome of tyrants hath plunged thee
below.
The depth of thy deep. In a deeper jrulf still.
Queen Victoria paid a second visit to
Ireland in August, 1853. just four years
after her first. This time she came direct
to Dublin to see the Industrial Exhibition,
which owed its existence to the liberality
of a single Irishman — William Dargan —
who refused a baronetcy at the hands of
the Queen. Again the people
Cllrnbed up to walls and battlements.
To towers and window*, yea to chlmneytops.
So see great Queen Victoria pass through
the streets of Dublin. Again they shouted
themselves hoarse with cries of "Long
live the Queen." All this ebullition of loy
alty took place while the heavens were
drenching soldiers and "peelers" and rab
ble. The royal party were amply pro
tected in closed carriages, through the
windows of which they enjoyed the fun.
Some of the royal juveniles described it
afterward.
The third visit of Queen Victoria to
Ireland was made in IM>l. and again In
the month of August. This visit lasted
eight days. Accompanied as on the two
former occasions by Prince Albert and
some of the royal children, she again vis
ited Dublin direct ' from England, and
after a short stay proceeded by rail
through the central parts of the country
until Bhe reached the far-famed Lakes of
Killarney.
There she was entertained by Lord
Castlerosse and Herbert of Muckross.
Fortunately, the weather was all that
could be desired and the Queen was
ecstatic over the beauties of the scenery.
It was believed at the time that she would
establish a summer residence there,
either for herself or for one of the royal
Princes. Forty years have passed since
then and neither the Queen nor any of
her offspring has a lodge or any kind
of dwelling in the Emerald Isle. Oh. no;
the Queens heart is in the Highlands
wherever she goes. The "land of brown
heath and shaggy wood" is the land for
aer. Queen Victoria's love for Scotland
may be attributed to the fact that she
came near being born in Scotland. Her
father, the Duke of Kent, had intended.
a short time before her birth, to take up
his domicile In Lanarkshire, a county in
Scotland, but the fates declared other
wise. Queen Victoria once said to Sir
Archibald Alison, "I am more proud of
my Scotch descent than of any other.
W"hen I nrst came into Scotland I felt as
if I, were coming home." Balmoral Pal
ace, In Scotland, is her favorite abode.
She is ever Impatient to go there and
loath to leave It and she far prefers it
to majestic and historic Windsor. Scotch
servants are her favorites. The Scotch
gillie. John Brown, was her faithful servi
tor — ever ready at her beck and call — for
thirty-four years. At his death her
grief was co profound as to astonish the
nations. Honors and rewards are lavished
upon the soldiers who wear the tartan
and the kilt.
Per contra. Ireland has always been
treated to the "cold shoulder." "the Icy
hand," by not only her Majesty Queen
Victoria, but by all the Majesties who pre
ceded her. She has been treated as the
Cinderella in the happy or unhappy fam-
¦ ' — ¦
TUESDAY... APRIL 3, iooo
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
/ddress Ali Communications ta W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
riULICATIOX OFFICE.. Market and .Third. S. V.
Telephone Maiu 1808.
EDITORIAL R00M5.... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main IS7-1.
Delivered l»<r Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Mr«.*l«- ('•»)>¦<>«. !i Cento.
Term* •>> Mall. Including I'oMncei
FAILY CALL (lnolurtlns Sunday), one year $(1.00
Daily call "including enadar). 6 month* s.oo
PAILT CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL^-Br Single Month 63c
FCMiAV CALL Ore Year 150
Wi:::KUY CALL. One Year 1.00
All po»t master* are authorized to receive
•ab.crlptlom.
Sample eople? will I* forwarded when requested.
OAK L AAD OFFICE HIS llronduny
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT!
C.'C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ft-eman Hou»e; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Aetorl*. Hotel; A. Brent«no. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
ily which constitute thf> British Isles*. It
has often been said. "If the Queen had
built years ago a palace In Ireland at
Killarney or in lovely Wicklow or in some
other picturesque spot in the green isle,
things might have been different. Who
can tell?"
Of all cad words of tonpue or pen.
The saddest are "It micht have been."
We do know, however, with aad cer
tainty, on the authority of the eminent
statistician Mulhall, that the present
reign has been the most disastrous to
Ireland since the days of Queen Eliza
beth.
The number of deaths from famine dur
ing Queen Victoria's reign is 1.223.000;
number of emigrants, 4.150.w»; number of
persons evicted from their homes, 3.668,
000. The population of Ireland has de
creased nearly 50 per cent, while the pop
ulation of England has Increased at the
In reading over the literature penned
by the yueen very little reference is made
to Ireland or the Irish, an«! if her voice
was ever raised to stay or modify repres
sion or coercion, when recommended by
her Ministers, as often they did. it he**
not been heard outside of the counc»l
chamber.
In writing about her first rislt to Ire
land her Majesty paid a high compliment
to the beauty of Irish women. "The beauty
of the women la remarkable — such beauti
ful dark eyes and hair and such fine teeth.
Almost every third woman was pretty and
some remarkably so."
During Queen Victoria's long reign of
sixty-three years— lS37 to .1900— ehe has
spent less than one month in Ireland, al
though the distance la only a trifle be
tween Holyhead and Kingstown. Natur
ally, the Irish people feel resentful at this.
Nevertheless she ¦will receive a cordial
reception. Irishmen know how to differ
entiate the sovereign and the woman. In
the beginning of her reign Daniel O'Con
nell declared that if it were necessary he
could get "500,000 brave Irishmen to de
fend the life, the honor and the person of
the beloved young lady by whom Eng
land's throne is now filled." Some Irish
Nationalists declare that the Queen's visit
is intended as a bribe to Ireland to aban
don the national for the Imperialistic
idea. Others declare that she comes with
a shamrock in her bonnet to do the work
of the recruiting sergeant and Induce stal
wart young Irishmen to till up the de
pleted ranks of her Irish regiments.
Many give her the credit of coming with
the view of conciliating Irish opinion so
that there would be brought about a un
ion of hearts as well as of hands between
Irishmen and Englishmen. Although past
four score, still "while the lamp holds out
to burn," etc.. and so the Queen's diagno
sis of Ireland's ills may bring about a.
change of prescription that "blesseth her
who gives and her who takes."
NO EXPANSION ISSUE.
\A R. HOWELL of the Atlanta Constitution, in
/ \ a long article in Harpers Weekly, states as
by authority the Democratic position on ex
pansion. He first sets up the Republican position,
and calls it imperialism, and proceeds to antagonize
it with a simon-pure article of Democratic expansion.
He favors admitting Cuba and Porto Rico as States,
regardless of our pledge as to independence of the
former, and declares that he thinks his party will
favor the complete conquest and subjugation of the
Philippines, with the intention of conferring upon
them a government and administering the same, until
the people are ready to administer it themselves, when
they are to become independent. Mr. Howell declares
that the anti-expansionists, like Atkinson and Senator
Hoar, are the cause of the Filipino war, and girds at
them as savagely as any Republican. He also becomes
deeply and benevolently religious in the matter, and
says that our tropical possessions have fallen to us
providentially and that he personally believes in
always holding the Philippines as a divinely ap
pointed duty.
The most careful reading of his paper fails -to dis
close any material difference between his statement of
the Republican position on this issue and his
declaration of what the Democratic position will be.
If any appear, it is in favor of the Republican posi
tion, for we cannot believe that the American people
will ever consent to admit these tropical islands as
States, and their mixed races as citizens.
It is true that there is a glimmer in Mr. Hcrtvell's
article of that false light which has deceived so many
into the belief that our race is to colonize and populate
these islands. He talks of markets and American push
as glibly as John Barrett and Senator Morgan. The
fact is that without some form of servile labor the
tropics will add no surplus to the markets, and that
American push evaporates and disappears under the
vertical sun.
Mr. Bryan's platform on this subject is already writ
ten and published. Its expression lends itself readily
to the ideas of Mr. Howell, and it is now plain that a
reaction on the expansion issue will have no more
chance for expression at the ballot-box this year than
it had in California in 1898, when the parties stood
about neck and neck on that subject.
It is daily becoming plainer that the commercial
ambition of the Democratic South backs expansion
more strongly than Northern sentiment. Two cents
a pound advance on raw cotton will carry the South
over to any proposition looking to expansion. It
was cotton that held the South to slavery. That sec
tion put cotton above the Union, and now for the
sake of cotton it is willing, according to Mr. Howell.
to take into citizenship the unpedigrccd millions of the
tropics.
No matter what Mr. Bryan's platform may say on
the subject, if his party get power it will be run by
the section that furnishes its majority, and that means
that it will be run as an expansion party, with state
hood and citizenship attachments.
The general issue of expansion is therefore practi
cally eliminated from this year's campaign. With
Bryan's party girding at Atkinson and Carl Schurz for
bringing on the Filipino war, and demanding that we
take Cuba, and admit all this black-and-tan population
to citizenship, the opponents of expansion and of
even- policy that grows out of it can have no choice
of parties and will simply wait for that stormy and
upheaving reaction which will come later.
TENTS AND COVERS
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO. Wtshlrttan
aad Ut it*.. Oakland, or Builder* Ex. sTp\
.ROCKERS.
ROCKERS ul *-g UI * Hocker: C*ntrtfo*,i
* iTat^ Srt 8 *?? S um P s : Machinery. PARKE
* LACY CO.. tl Fremont st.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
Fchaeileln A Bnrrldge. S Hard!* bUc^ off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bu3h streets.
by law and the laws of the corporation "
This section clearly defines the powers of.
the board to elect the officers named.
THE CABlNET— Subscriber. Cranmore.
Cal. The members of President MtfCln
ley's Cabinet are: John Hay. Secretary
of State; Lyman J. Gage. Secretary of the
Treasury; Elihu Root, Secretary of War-
John \V. Grtess. Attorney General-
Charles Emory Smith. Postmaster Gener
al; John D. Long, Secretary of the NaW
Ethan Allen Hitchcock, Secretary of tie
Interior; and James Wilson, Secretary of
Agriculture. . /
MAJORITY AND PLURALITY-Fub
scrlber, Cranmore. Cal. In announce
anelectlonlf the «a"e«ent
\ n JR £ I }H& .i 01 } 11 Smitn received o ma
\?j£ ty ot 4000 tna l means that he received
4000 more votes than the aggregate Jf the
\otes cast for all other candidates lor the
same office, "there was but one candi
date against him It would be proper to
7£X th w l P*,"** , e J^. ted by a majority of
4000. . If It Is said he was elected by a
400 °- «»t.means t£it here*
celved 4000 more votes than the next
highest candladte for the same office
there being more than one candidate in
opposition.
Lt'BRTCATINO Oil. Crude Oil and Oasolln-
FNSIQN * McGUFFICK. a Spear st.7s. V.
LIQUORS-
WHISKFV U °AHE^ & SON.
YYIIIOIVL. V 4M Sac?amento.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits F«cked. IRVINE BROS.. J7O Howard.
Kg Fourth. 13C Polk aad 1441 Stockton. S F
CASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES OA9 ENGINE WORKS Is Clllnsi
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. 8. T.
:' The French have offered a prize for any one who
.ran iv. vent a balloon-steering apparatus which will
enable him to ascend in a balloon from Longchamps,
make a trip around Eiffel tower and return to the
ipfacc of starting within half an hour. The offer *is
: good for five years, so there is plenty of time for any
.<wie *ith an idea on the subject to work it out. but
.perhaps sawing wood would be a surer wav of making
money.
: Since the Russians are asking concessions all alonj?
the line from China to Turkey, the Japs have decided
•to follow suit and are now asking concessions for
themselves in Korea. In the end the concession grab
bers will get to fighting, and then China may have a
chance to pet hcT own back again.
;. It is now asserted there will never be peace and
prosperity in Central America until the United States
• ¦ .
extends its protection over the whole isthmus, so it
vfill be seen the "providential mission" increases rap
idly and "benevolent assimilation" is going to keep
us hastling for years to come.
-It is very good of the Kansan people to arrange to
'stud a free gift of a million bushels of corn to the
starving people of India, but they should have remem
¦bxred that we have colonies and troubles of our own,
and sent the corn to Porto Rico.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machln*. S3 Ftol-
•om street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
CAPE NOME HOUSES FOR SALE.
11x16 ft.. *U0; 16x20 ft.. $:00. Apply to th»
HUMBOLDT LUMBER CO.. Third and
Washington sts.. Oakland. Cal.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/DAfU * Drake Amalgamators, opera t-
tVIxUVJIi Intr dally; 1 30-Hp. gasoline en-
gine cheap. 9 Stevenson. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In Operation Dally. C 3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
Dr. SJegert's Angostura Bitters, th« . most
efficacious stimulant to excite the appetite.
keeps the digestive organs in order.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver InvigoratoT.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver il'.s. biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe i*oute. Experienced
excunlon conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
e-*ery Sunday. To St. Pa'-l every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. ?•:? Market street.
Out of the burning of the Theatre Francais has
come the disclosure that the firemen of Paris are not
a body under municipal control and trained for fire
service, but a set of soldiers detailed from the army
and commanded by army officers, who have no special
training in fighting fires. We are not proud, but evi
dently there are some things in which Paris would do
well to take lessons from San Francisco.
Instances of badly injured men being taken by the
police and locked up as drunks are becoming alto
gether too frequent. Since civil service examinations
are all the rage, why not require policemen and police
surgeons to show before their appointment that they
know enough to distinguish between a broken skull
and intoxication.
Ghost of the Glacier.
And Other Tales, including Making a Revolu-
tion. Pmquehanna Trail. Sculpture of the Elfa,
Once a Pillar of the World. Feathers of Fash-
lon, and others. A delightful volume, beauti-
fully Illustrated. Ready for distribution about
May 1. Send 10 rents to T. W. Lee. General
Passenger Agent. Lackawanna Railroad. I* Ex-
change Place, New York City. Edition Limited.
WHAT PLAGUES US.
1 HE merchants and people o: San r-rancisco ~ie
beginning to get returns from the lalsc reports
1 of plague in this city.
It may appear like a joke to the politicians who arc
responsible for the affair, but it is no joke to those
¦ ¦ . •¦ .
who are carrying on the industries and the commerce
nbich have been injured. As we said at the time
Mayor I^elan's dispatch, falsely declaring that the
piague had been here, did as much harm as the orig
inal false report of the Board of bad Health and the
skeleton scare printed in Hearst s papers. It is not
understood outside that a few kindergarten politicians
were permitted to trifle with the sanitary reputation of
this city to the damage of its commerce. There are
places in the world where the health authorities have
not only professional and technical skill, but also a
proper and sober sense of their responsibility. The
people who, are served by such a Board of Health nat
urally come to think that all others arc protected by
e*jual skill and sense of responsibility.
As far as this city is concerned, this is a mistake.
In the Board of Health and the Chief of Police San
Francisco has not the protection of cool judgment
and technical skill, and has suffered severely in con-
Something should be done by the citizens to relieve
the city of the unbearable position created by our
official representatives. Any further appeal to our
public authorities will get no answer except a repeti
tion of the original false report. There is no hope in
that direction and we must depend upon ourselves.
We have published that cargoes already on board
here have been ordered off. and the order canceled by
wire
Ships from here are quarantined in every port
where they appear, and if this were Bombay or Cal
cutta it could not be more completely under ban.
The steamer Curacao, from Mexican ports, arrived
la*t week, behind time, because she had been quaran
tmed everywhere on account ot the plaprue here! The
Joss to her owners m consequence oi this was $4000
Shipowners and merchants will have many such
returns before the good name of San Francisco i.»
restored. The guilty politicians and the Mayor, to
whose falsehoods and criminal folly such losses are
due. do not feel the pinch of them. It is upon the
merchants, the business interests and industries of
San Francisco and the State. To stop the spreading
belief that we are in the panic and distress of a pesti
knee, there should be the combined utterance of the
commercial and industrial bodies of this city. Indeed.
as the loss is finally distributed to the whole State and
our fruit interest is especially threatened, organiza
tions throughout the State should share in the clean»
inp of the sanitary reputation of this city. Every day
adds to the losses, and spreads the false report farther
abroad The Mayor's telegram is taken everywhere as
confirmatory of the existence of pestilence, and the
further confirmation by the New York Journal has
created a condition that needs prompt abatement
BSI^SS we wish to see a serious diversion of commerce
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
AUCTION SAXES.
rtj- S. IVfitking— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 1515
Bliastoß Ftreet.
The Americans who in their indignation declared
the embalmed-beef scandals in our War Department
would never be equaled in a European country evi
dently spoke too quickly, for it now appears that in
the supplies sent to the British army in South Africa
not only is the beef bad, but the boots are as bad as
the beef.- -
HE present visit of Queen Victoria
sto Ireland is- the fourth since her
accession to the throne in l&fr. She
was 42 years old at the time of her
last visit, now she is almost 81. It
Is officially announced that her visit
this time is in recoenltlon of the
skill and valor of her officers and soldiers
in the present Boer campaign. General
Robert**— "Fighting Bobs"— now in chief
command, is an Irisnman and- takes his
title of Lord Waterford from his birth
place. Generals Kitchener' French, Kelly-
Kenny and White are all Irishmen and
her Majesty wants to pluck a shamrock
from the soil that gave them birth. The
heroism displayed by the Connaught
Rangers, the Inneskilling Dragoons, the
Dublin and the Irish. Fusiliers at the
crossing of the Tugela and Modder Riv
ers and storming of Kimberley and Bloem
fontein touched, the heart of the Queen
as no other event since the charge of the
Light Brigade at Balaklava in the Cri
mean war. Instead of "hanging men and
women for the wearing of the green" the
Queen directed that her brave Irish sol
diers should be privileged to wear the
shamrock on St. Patrick's day. For the
first time in history the Irish flag waved
over the Mansion House in London. The
nobility and officials of the crown, fol
lowing the example of her Majesty, out
hibernlcised the Hibernians in celebrating
Ireland's national festival.
In recent cablegrams we are told that
"the Queen has ordertd a court garden
party to be held in Dublin In the second
week in April when she will be present.
The Mistress of the Kobes has ordered
for her Majesty a unique gown of Mer
onac velvet with designs in shamrocks
and a sunshade of Irish silk, ornamented
with sreen silk shamrocks, with five of
the four-leafed variety at the top." If
the weather should turn out as unpropl
tlous as in the years 1553 and IS6I when the
Queen was in Dublin she will need an
umbrella rather than a sunshade whose
shamrocks would be likely to run Into six
or seven leafed variety through the action
of drenchtng rain. During her previous
visits to Ireland Queen Victoria was ac
companied by her devoted and dearly be
loved husband, the Prince Cousort. Now
she goes as a widowed sovereign, and
many .1 spot she is likely to revisit will
remind her of the deceased Prince. Her
llrst visit to Ireland was In August. IS4D,
when, with Prince Albert and her four
children, on her royal yacht the Victoria
and Albert, she lirst landed at the cove
of Cork. In honor of this event the name
of cove was changed by her Majesty's
command Into Queenstown just as Dun
leavy was transformed into Kingstown
when George IV visited Dublin. The royal
yacht steamed up the beautiful River Lee
to the city of Cork amid the plaudits of
countless thousands. The Queen was
overwhelmed with the enthusiastic recep
tion she met with in a part of Ireland
which she was told teemed with disloy
alty.
lvfore the Queen left England, the
London Times. Punch and other great
journals predicted direful disaster to the
royal party at the hands of disaffected
Irishmen. According to them, the royal
visitors would surely be mobbed and
would be lucky if they escaped with their
lives. The Queen, with the proverbial
pluck of the Brunswick family, proceeded
on her journey despite the awful predic
tions of alarmists. The same newspapers
and the same type of bell wethers are
shouting danger ahead to-day. Scotland
Yard, we are told, is in a terrible state
of alarm and commotion. Between 'JOOO
and 10.000 policemen, including 1500 plain
clothes detectives, will watch out for the
safety of her Majesty in Dublin. Already
several regiments of cavalry and infantry
have been forwarded to strike terror Into
the hearts of the Fenians who may be
lurking in the neighlwrhood. All the
Queen's officers and all the Queen's men,
especially those of Scotland Yard, •will
pa.^s sleepless nights until she is safely
back on English. soil. It was not on Irish
soil that Queen Victoria heretofore in
curred any danger or suffered any insult;
It was in h«>r own capital— London— and
not far from her own palace. Edward
Oxford, a potboy of 17. in IS4O fired two
shots at her as she was driving up Con
stitution Hill with Prince Albert. Two
years after a man named John Francis
attempted her life in the same manner
and in the same place. A hunchback
named Bean pointed a pistol at Queen
Victoria as she was leaving Buckingham
Palace, but it was knocked from his nand
before he could pull the trigger. A third
attempt upon her life was made on Con
stitution Hill in IS4'.» and in ISSO. Robert
Pate, an ex-lieutenant of hussars, in ISSO
struck her on the face with a walking
stick near the residence of the Duke of
Cambridge. This does not complete the
list, but it is sufHclent to show that it is
in London and not in Dublin that Queen
Victoria requires protection.
Of course, the Queen, in ISGI as in 1900.
would not undertake such a journey with
out due precaution for her personal
safety. Her Ministers saw to it that the
coast was clear and her military escort
suttlclently strong-. Lord Clarendon, then
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, wrote to Lord
John Uussell, Premier of Kngland that
"Agitation in Ireland Is extinct; repeal is
forgotten; seditious associations are clos
ed up; the priests are frightened and the
people are tranquil. Everything tends,"
said he. "to secure for the Queen an en
thusiastic reception and the one draw
back, which is the general distress of all
classes, has Its advantages, for it will
enable the Queen to do what is kind and
considerate to those who are suffering."
This last sentence is a lurid commentary
on England's methods In dealing with
Ireland. It is on the principle of "Do evil
that good may come from it." Knock a
fellow down that you may show how good
you are by extending a hand to help him
up. Queen Victoria soon discovered that
no matter how disaffected the majority of
Irishmen were tney do not assault nor
insult women. A poet of the time well
expressed the feelings of the Queen:
A thousand anxious cares I had,
A thousand doubts and fears-
Would Ireland meet me wildly slad
Or darkly drowned In tears?
Both fears alike I now reject;
One day has testified
Enouch to Irish self-respect
And Irish manly pride.
In Cork. "Waterford. Dublin and Belfast,
which she visited on this trip, sailing from
place to place on her royal yacht, she was
greeted with marked enthusiasm.
When the royal party sailed Into Water
ford harbor they saw near the entrance
Duncannon Fort, historic as the last stop
ping place In Ireland of unfortunate Klngr
James 11, the last of the Stuarts'. After
his defeat by William, Prince of Orange,
at the battle of the Boyne he abandoned
his brave Irish soldiers and took to his
heels. This was the King who early in
the light, when he saw the Irish soldiers
prevailing against the red coats, cried out,
"Oh, spare my English subjects!" It is
said that the Irish officers were so dis
gusted at his poltroonery that they ex
pressed a desire to exchange commanders
and fight the battle over again. King
James fled to France with the maledic
tions of the Irish upon his miserable head.
If disaffection lurked in Dublin it did
not show Its head during the four days'
celebration over the royal visit. On his
return' to Windsor Castle Prince Albert
wrote to his friend and mentor. Baron
Stockmar: "Our Irish tour has gone off
well beyond all expectations. Of the en
thusiasm that greeted us from all quar
ters you can form no conception." In this
connection it -should be remembered that
at the time Ireland was but Just emerging
THE STORY OF QUEEN VICTORIA'S
PREVIOUS TRIPS TO IRELAND
THE SAN FKAJN CI SCO U A J^L, TUESDAY, ARRLL 3, 1900.
, throughout the .Union.
It will be perceived from the specimens of the
whole lot of amendments offered that if all our re
formers had their way we should soon have something
like a new constitution. We may therefore be satisfied
in the knowledge that it is not so easy to amend it as
to propose an amendment. It is better that some
needed reforms should wait than that our whole well
ordered system should be thrown into confusion by
constitution tinkering at every session of Congress.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
DM EDGING PCMPS.
OU. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Parnp*.
Englnea&Boilers. HendyMacb.Wks.,44 Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY S MODELS.
U. PETERSON. SS4A Mission. S. F.; communi-
cation* from inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Scpply fresh cr aait water for tlulcs boxaa;
hirh cr lew lifts. Simooms. S3 Market it.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All th« Gold by Graritatlon. No qalch.
•liver. Hand or power. la operation 14 Sp-ar.
OOL » SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation, vrm. H. Birch & Co.. IJ3 l»t
MATTESOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Lent torn, riffles and carpet combined sar«s
placer sold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market it.
*\i^- ? E y*,, Ccn t ra! Platlne Works. K3 Ml»-
ilcn »t.. S. F. Phone Jensla JCI.
PILE.DRIVING ENOINES.
Wcrthlngton Steam Pumps & Water \r*r«>.
Mundy HoUtlng EnglaeS. Tatum L ft
ENOI>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER 4 HAMILTON. Engine* and Sonera-
low CT t price, on th« co*»t. Pln« * DaSrutS:
FURS.
KUn COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE VDMt-
ALBERT HOEFUCH.IIg GraJt iJ, yOME -
OILS,
6
from one of the most appalling famines
that ever decimated a country. It lasted
four years— 1846-47-4S-49— during which
about a million peopleU. S. Army Transport
Officers zo to Zlnkand's as soon as they reach
San Francisco. They know the service ana
cuisine are the beau •
EVERY EVENING. MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Merry. Musical Extravaganza,
MANILA BOUND
Don't Mi** the Topical Songn, Duetn. etc.
Se« th» "HOOT MON GOLF BALLET."
Hear the "GREAT PATRIOTIC FINALE.".
Pcpular Prices. •• . .25 and 50 Cents
Telephone Bush J.
NEXT W/EEK.—
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL"
April ieth— Marniflcent Production of
'?THE WIZARD OF THE N.Li:."
In the Divorce Court.
Thurlow McMullln, a salesman in the
firm of Tillman, Bendel & Co., was
granted a divorce yesterday from his wife,
Virginia McMullln, on the ground of will
ful desertion, by Judge Bahrs. Mr. and
Mrs. McMullln married early In the
seventies, but separated In 1577. A few
months ago Mr. McMullin filed suit for
divorce, alleging desertion. Johanna
Monson has been granted a divorce from
Andrew Monson on the ground of failure
to provide. Suits for divorce have be^en
filed by Josephine Zwaal against Schelte
Zwaal. for Intemperance, and Annie Erik
sen against Bertel Eriksen, for desertion.
(Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.)
Note— These papers on Practical Selene* hare
been prepared for The Call's Home Study Cir
cle by Professor. William J. Hopkins of Drexel
Institute. .- • ; -
11. WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
(Concluded.)
.
Marconi's System.
In this system as used for directed sig
nals there is no vertical wire, and the
transmitting ppark gap and the coherer |
are each placed in the focus of a parabolic !
mirror. The coherer Is here the receiver I
of the wave as well as the detector, and j
its position Is important. (In this case
the transmitter and the receiver must be
tuned to the synchronism by strips of
copper of carefully adjusted length.) As
usually practiced, however, for undirect
ed signals, a vertical wire is used at each
end, and the exact position of the trans
mitting spark gap or of the coherer be
comes a matter of no great importance.
In this case the oscillator and its spark
gap serve only to charge the vertical line
to the necessary potential. Trains of
waves are shut out from this vertical Una
throughout its length, although they are
probably stronger near the earth. A plate'
or ball at the top of the wire is therefore
a help in most cases, as It makes the
waves more uniform. The waves are
radiated In all directions horizontally, but
the vertical radiation is probably weak.
The portion of the ether waves striking
the vertical wire at the receiving end is
absorbed by the wire, and if the potential
Is high enough a discharge passes, caus
ing the coherer to act. The potential of
this current Is high because of the enor
mously high rate of cutting, the waves
passing with the speed of light. The co
nerer is here not the receiver but only a
detector of the charge upon the vertical
wire, and its position in the circuit does
not matter. The nrst parr of the. oscil
lating discharge, because of its high
amplitude, is much the most effective,
and the tuning of the receiving circuit to
any particular frequency i» therefore
neither necessary nor useful.
Functions of the Apparatus.
In the diagram of the receiving circuits
there is shown a coil on each side of the
coherer in the local circuit. These coils
are Inductive resistances, or "chokin?
coils" in which -the rapidly oscillating
current flows with great difficulty. They
serve to- prevent the waste of the enei^y
of the ether waves which would occur if
the discharge could pass freely In this cir
cuit, and they compel the discharge to
pass wholly through the coherer.
The action of the relay, the tapper and
the recorder are probably sufficiently well
understood from what has gone before.
In each instrument the break is shunted
by a non-Inductive high resistance. A
high resistance incandescent lamp would
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN £32.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
Commencing SATURDAY AFTERNOON,
Richard Walton Tully's Lauehable Farce.
"JAMES WOBERTS, I. S. S.. BOSTON."
Characters by Students of the University of
California.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All
Matinees Ke.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
e:xltr/\ i
SUNDAY AFTERNOON and EVENING NEXT,
Magnificent Production of Palmer Cox'b
BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND.
Same Cast and Specialties as Recently Given
at the California Theater.
PRAISLD ALL THE
BY CRITICS.
THE PRETTIEST PLAT IN YEARS.
"On the Suwanee River"
A GRAND FUr-CESS.
Tropical Settings of Gr^at Beauty.
As Swe»t as an Orangre Blossom.
Comnifncine M<-.r.<!ay Nlcht. April Sth.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And lII* Incorr^iarai'le Comtary in
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
>f-ate Now on Sale.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
| SPECIAL 1 j
LAPT OPPORTUNITY TO HEAR
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT. APRIL Eth.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
PEATS NOW ON SALE.
ETEBCTTAY PIANO USED.
COLUMBIA A
SECOND -:- AND -:- LAST -:- WEEK
Smyth ar.i Rice present Comedian
U/ILLIE
t COLLIER
IN HIS OWN NEW
FARCE.
SMOOTH
THE COMEDY HIT OF THE SEASON.
Next Monday At Popular Prices.
WESTS -:- BIG -:- MINHTRKL -:- JUBILEE.
TO-NIGHT I r^a^harp
Massive Production
"QUO VADIS!"
80 PEOPLE OH THE STAGE.
Q-GRE/\T SCENES-8
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
V.ATINKK SATURDAY AND 6UNPAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
Z9OO-CALIFOBNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
MARCH St to AI'RIL 7. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
j . .- • . r. i - Monday. Tucuday. \Vedne*lay, Thurs>
£#v, Friday an<l Saturday. Itala or thine.
live or morf races encn <Jay.
- J .;:¦¦> start at 1:".O p. m. eharz>.
' -Kerry-beat* if-av* F.an Francisco at 12 ro. and
U:S(». 1. lUb. 2. 2:30 and S p. m.. connecting
w.ith trains eion>lcg -at the entrance to tht
track. La*t two cars on train reserved for la-
.¦.¦>• -•- : their escort*: no rtrtokinc- Uuy your
!•!*¦>- ticket* to Kbel! Mouno. Ail trains via
<jthk!and • . :- connect with San Pablo avenue
.';i- : :.. cars at Hevesth end Broadway. Oalc-
?acd. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
ferct with Ban Pablo arenue oars at Fourteenth
fcti<l -Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo cars
n-j direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
'-- -RctarcinF— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
« : *i p. ro. and Immediately after the laet race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
: B- B. iULROT. Secretary.
fr
n I I"P nnU 1 I Corner Fourth and
PAf f PHY ft &B&U£33
Valises c necked free.
6 QUART BOTTLES 54.80.
Exrress charges prepaid.
Highest grade for Medicinal or Family use.
We give you the benefit of the middlemen's
profit, besides you are guaranteed the cer-
tainty of
FURE WHISKEY.
Nothing on case to indicate contents.
Money refunded if not satisfactory.
Reference, any business firm and commercial
agencies.
r=. EF»nr*rti/v\ «& co..
Distillers 1 Acents.
IS Montgomery street, San Francisco. CaL
C7"TwJoe the price could buy no better.
MINISTERS ARE
CRITICIZED BY
CHURCH ELDER
Claim Made That Some Have
Been Inmates of San
Quentin.
Rev. John Ellis Assails the Position
Occupied by the Rev. B. Fay
Mills and Says Other
Sharp Things.
"Soms of the ministers, including
Presbyterian preachers, who have oc
cupied pulpits in San Francisco are a
disgrace to the civilization of the
nineteenth century. A few of them
have had free board in the State
Prison and others ought to be sent
there for a term of years."
The foregoing sensational views were
expressed by Elder A. T. Robinson at the
weekly meeting of the Presbyterian min
isters yesterday. The statement was made
during a discussion of a paper read by
Key. John Ellis on the "Passing of the
Old Ways," which was also sensational.
A number of the leading Presbyterian
ministers of this city and vicinity con
curred in what both gentlemen said and
added their opinions on the subject. Rev.
B. Fay Mills came in for his share of
criticism, and other matters pertaining
to the church were touched on without
gloves. In his paper Rev. John Ellis said
in part:
The only commendable feature of the system
of Christianity U that of lib adaptability to ail
ages, climes and people. The closing Uei-ade of
tne nineteenth century has been fruitful of a
decided evidence of the passing of the old' way
and the coming it! of other ways. Fast day=
and feasts will not be sufiicient'to call a hail.
Ten years ago I sat at the eHe of a man In
the street cars on Market street who was on
his way to the largest hall In this city. Thou
sand* were there waiting to hear him, composed
of the poor, sick and soul hungry, who hung
upon his words as upon the worus of the oracle
of Clod. Two months eince I both saw and
heard him in his own pulpit, where he ad
dressed the select class of society people. On
his way to the Pavilion he clasped a Bible In his
hand, which he then said contained the very
word ot God. In his own pulpit there was not
a Bible visible. The lesson : for the morning
was read from Milton. No text, not a quota
tion from the sacred law, prophets, gospel, let
ters or revelation, but reference to the occult
science. - No benediction, but a profuse praise
of the Hindoo monk, whom he recommended to
the people as a suitable teacher with whom
they should sit and receive instruction In re
ligious thought.
Within the rast ten years B. Fay Mills, who
was one of us, saw the passing of the old
ways, and he knew that Othello"s vocation was
gone, and so he went. Dwight L. Moody of
sacred memory preceded and succeeded Evan
gelist Mills. He, too, saw the passing of the
ways, but Othello's vocation did not concern
him.
Where are the people who once crowded our
largest halls and listened to the appeals of
danger and the remedy for sin. who were
moved by tears, and when opportunity afforded
stood up for prayers, raised hands, signed cards
and Joined churches? Are they no more? Yes;
they still live and multiply. They are march
ing to bands of music, singing and praying on
the streets and on the public squares; are wor
shiping In side street store rooms, in tents and
are increasing their ranks by thousands.
Talk with these people who have ceased to
enter the upholstered pew. They will tell you
that they could not go there to worship; they
will tell you that after they gave their last
nickel that sometimes they did ro and ilid not
have a penny to give, they felt they could not
listen to urgent appeals and not respond. They
eald ther were outdressed. outclassed, out
pewed and consequently outcast. In times ol
church quietness we were but fillings and stuff-
Ings, and In times of activity we were, hewers
of wood and drawers of water, and In the battle
we were on the firing line, while the favorite
class wore the chevron of the orderly and the
epaulet of the general. So we took to the
streets, halls and tents.
Tbe growth of the church along secular lines
has been at the expense of the spiritual. Thera
is no logic by which you can harmonize tht
$5000 Increase of the pulpit and the average {600
Increase of the pew.
Rev. F. Doane, Rev. H. N. Bovler, Rev.
Dr. Mathena. Rev. Dr. Clark and Rev. H.
H. Bell spoke to the subject, but their
views were mild compared with those of
Elder Robinson. He. said It was very
much more agreeable to be an optimist
than a pessimist. He also said there was
a degeneracy In the pulpit, and It was evi
denced in the subjects selected for Sun
day sermons. He proved his assertion by
reading The Call's weekly church .index.
He quoted from the list "The Cleaning
of Sewers." which he said was a very
commendable topic, but unsulted for a
sermon. He concluded his remarks by
delivering his charge against the cloth
which created a sensation.
Note — These lessons have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Benno Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They are
Intended primarily for Americans who purpose
attending the Paris exposition. The lessons
will Include (1) common French word 3 and
phrases, (2) easy conversation and (3) simple
reading lessons.
LESSON NO. 7— SEPTIEME LECON.
A Few Useful Hints.
1. To form the plural of French nouns
we have to add an "s" to the singular, as
le llvre, the book; luh leevr. Les Hvres;
lay lee-vr.
2. But if a noun ends in "s," "x," "z." It
does not change, in the plural. The
plural then Is the same as the singular, as:
le bras, the arm; brah; les bras.
Note — There are many more exceptions to the
above rules, of which we ?hall, however, give
the most important ones oniy— namely:
3. If a noun ends in "au" or "eu," such
nouns tak>? "x" in the plural, as le cha
peau: the hat; shap-oh. Leschapeaux;
lay shap-oh. Le neveu: the nephew; luh
nuh-vuh. Les neveux; lay nuh-vuh.
4. Also, if a noun ends in "al." this ter
mination changes in the plural to "aux,"
as: le cheval; the horse; shuh-vahl.
Les chevaux; shuh-vdh.
Note — The articles for both the masculine and
femrhine genders are "les" In the plural, with
out any exception.
Memory Exercises.
Much Needed Words and Phrases.
1. This gentleman; cc monsieur; sub,
2. This man; cet homme; sett-torn.
3. This friend; cet ami: sett-tamee.
4. This lady; cette dame; eett-dahm.
Xote— The student -will see here that "this" Is
translated In three different ways — cc, cet, cette
—according to the following simple rule*,
which he ought to bear In mind, especially In
forming sentences In writing and when carry-
Ing on com ersatlon.
cc Is used before any masculine noun
beginning with a consonant, as: cc train;
this train. •
cet is used If a noun commences with a
vowel, or h mute, as: cet hotel: this hotel,
cet etage; this floor; sett-tay-tazj.
cette Is used always before feminine
nouns, as cette rue; this street: and ces
before all plural nouns, aa ces pares; these
parks; ces^avenues; these avenues.
5. 1 go; je vais.
You go; vous-allez.
I do not go; je ne vais pas.
You do not go; vous n'allez pas.
Do you go? allez-vous?
Do you not go? n'allez-vous pas?
6. I have gone; je suis~*lle.
You have gone; vous~etes~alle.
I have not gone; je ne suis pas_alle.
You have not gone; vous n'etes
pas»-alle.
Have you gone? etes-vous— alle?
Have you not gone? n'etes-vous
pas^-alle?
7. It is very warm.
II fait tres chaud.
8. Yesterday it was very hot.
Hier 11 a fait-une chaleur excessive.
9. It is not raining.
II ne pleut pas.
10. Is It not halline?
Ne grele-t-^ll pas?
11. We shall have a storm.
Nous-auronswun-'irage.
12. It is raining.
II pleut.
13. It has rained all day.
11 a plu toute la journee.
The climate; le elimat; klee-mah.
Xote— ln French such terms as given above
are expressed in a very peculiar way. We may
term it strictly '•Idiomatic": a literal transla
tion into Englith would rrake no sense, since It
would Kounii: it makes warm, it makes coM.
etc. The verb "to make" Is employed Instead
of "to be" in sneaking of the weather. The
student must, therefore, try to remember that
the Frenchmen says: It makes warm, tt makes
snow, etc.. as:
Is it not foggy this morning?
Ne fait — -il pas un brouillard cc
matin?
14. How Is your wife?
Comment va madame?
15. Does your daughter feel better to
day?
Mademoiselle votre fill? s<e porte
t— elle mieux aujourd'hul?
16. AVhere is your husband?
Ou est monsieur?
17. Can. l see your son?
Puis-je voir monsieur votre flls?
18. We wish to take a ride with yonr
daughter.
Nous deslrons faire une promenade
a cheval avec mademoiselle votre
nlle. ¦
Xote— The French are very polite in address
ing persona. If one i» not familiar with a per
son he must always observe the polite form anj
speak £S shown above: How Is Mrs. your
Tvife* Miss your daughter ? Mr. your
husband? Mr. the doctor? etc. Ir speaking
of ones own family the same form Is used as
In English— my son: my wife. etc.
19. Vegetables; les legumes; lay
guum.
20. Some green peas; dcs petlta-pols;
puh-tee pwa.
21 Some string beans; dcs haricots
verts; ah-ree-koh-valr.
22 Salad with mayonnaise dressing.
De la salade a la sauce mayonnaise.
23. Creamed onions.
Dcs olgnons-i la creme.
' on-ee-yon zah lah krem.
24 Cauliflowers buttered.
Dcs choux-fleurs-au beurre.
Day shoo-floor o buhrr.
25. Plain boiled potatoes.
Dcs pommes de terre en puree.
Day pum duh talrr
28. Fried potatoes.
Dcs pommes de terre frites.
27. Baked potatoes.
Dcs pommes de terre*cuite3.
2S. Mashed potatoes. »
Dcs pommes de terre en puree.
29. Sliced raw tomatoes dressed.
Dcs tomates crues blen~assalson
nees.
30. Mushrooms with white sauce.
Dcs champignons^ a la financiere.
STEAMER CLEVELAND RETURNING FROM HER LAST TRIP TO THE PHILIPPINES,
Private advices received by the China yesterday makes the position of the disabled steamer Cleveland much more se
cure than it appeared on first blush. The stout old vessel has been in many a tight place, but in every instance has
come out of scrapes which would have sent half the vessels sailing In and out of San Francisco to the bottom. The hull
of the Cleveland Is as good to-day almost as when she was launched, and that Is saying a great deal when the splendid
material put Into the hull Is considered.
Captain Klltgaard of the disabled steamer writes that she was to the northeast of Maul and not to the northwest,
as stated. The thrust shaft is cracked and there Is nothing the matter with the main shaft, which was said to be
broken. The steamer Claudlne has gone out to tow the Cleveland Into Honolulu, and It Is expected that repairs will be
made there and the vessel and her cargo will get here In due time. ,
Several captains who have commanded the Cleveland were talking about her yesterday, and they one and all pro
nounced her a serviceable and seaworthy ship and anything but a "hoodoo."
v-k r : : m: i i-m-i-m-m-i •:¦¦:¦: 1 1 m-i-i-X":-;-!":"!-!-!-:-: m-h-hm:
JUST RECEIVED.
IT A A Garments, consisting of LADIES' TAILOR-MADE
nl II I SUITS. LADIES' APPLIQUE SKIRTS. JACKETS,
CAPES. SILK V/AISTS. SILK SKIRTS, SUMMER
SKIRTS. These will be found in the very latest
styles and colorings.
Trunks, Trunks, Trunks. In the leather
goods department at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s
store, 741 Market street, can be found a
most complete aesortment of trunks, va-
lises, suit cases, pocketbooks, Mexican
carved and burned leather goods. Come
and see us. •
Registrar's Clerks Appointed.
The Election Commissioners yesterday
appointed J. J. do Haven, R. Barrett, J.
Strand and Joseph Lynch clerks In the
Registrar's offlce at $100 each per month
for the purpose of preparing for the com
ing primary' elections.
JL CONCERT HOUSE
122-124 O'FAfiKELV ST.
E. A. FISCHFIt Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall in America.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
THIRD ACT FROM "FAUST"
ltf ALL-STAR CAST.
COME WHEN YOU PLEASE.
S:00. August Hinrichs' superb orchestra; S:J7,
Penor Yarcas; 6:45. Slffnorina PollciUnl; I': 12.
Slirncrina Barduccl; 8:15. Signor Napoleone;
s:SO. Salvini; 'j:£. Signor Badaracco; 10:00. Sig-
noiit* I'uercrl: 10:65, duet, Salvini and Vargas;
11: OS to 11:50, •"Faust."
In Preparation— "La Boheme."
ADMISSION • 19 cents
Miss Parmentier's Condition.
Blake Franklin, the stalwart stenog
rapher, charged with assault to do great
bodily harm upon Louise Parmentler, 309
Jones street, and battery upon her mother
Saturday night, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. Dr. Coleman told the
Judge that Miss Parmentler was In a pre
carious condition from the shock. The
Judge fixed his bonds In $2000 on the felony
charge and $100 on the battery charge.
The case was continued till April 10.
A first-class family hotel. The Bradbury. Ex-
cellent cuisine. 1604 California St., cor. Polk. •
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 2.— M. H. Heyne
man of San Francisco is at the Arlington;
Mrs. George B. Strickland of San Fian
cisco is at the Raleigh.
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
anode thl3 purpose. These shunts were
found to be necessary to prevent spark
ing 1 and consequent disturbance of the
coherer. The tapper and the recorder
produce disturbances unless shunted,
and prevent the coherer from returning
to Its sensitive condition, and thus reduce
the distance at which signals can be re
relvpri.
Performances of the Marconi System.
Communication has now been steadily
maintained for two years over a distance
of about eighteen miles, and Marconi
states that In his opinion "there is no kind
of matter which can stop or seriously In
terfere with the working of such an in
stallation." Messages were first sent
across the English Channel about a year
ago. a distance of thirty-two miles, and
It is stated that the signals have been de
tected at ninety miles. The system has
now been adopted by two lines of channel
steamers.
The performance at our yacht race last
October was not up to this standard, al
though it was successful for the purpose.
Tests were afterward made on vessels of
our navy. The trial board reported that
the system was well adapted for use in
squadron signaling, and the signals were
unimpaired by rain, wind, fog and motion
of the ships. The distance attained was
sixteen to twenty-two miles. Between
large ships, with masts of 140 feet, and
torpedo boats, with masts of 43 feet, the
signals can be read on the ships at eighty
five miles and on the torpedo boats at
seven miles.
The system \a adapted for use on all
vessels of the navy, including- torpedo
boat 9 and dispatch boats, patrols and
scouts, but is not practicable In a small
boat. It was recommended that the sys
tem be given a trial in the navy. It Is to
be tried, also, as a method of signaling
between lightships and the shore, which
has been successfully practiced in Eng
land for more than a year.
Suggestions as to Future Develop
ment.
Professor Elihu Thomson has suggest
ed that if two vertical wires were placed
at a distance apart equal to half a wave
length, without earth connection, they
would enhance rach other's effect. Thla
arrangement would give, also, a partial
control of direction, as the disturbance
would travel principally In a line perpen
dicular to the plane passing thro,ugh the
two wires. Such a transmitter would b«
tuned to a definite frequency and the sig
nals would therefore be selective. Tha
wave length used should not be too short.
Floaenden is reported to have developed
a receiver which Is 2009 times as sensitive
as the coherer now in use. By means of
this detector, according to a newspaper
Interview, he hopes to send messages
across the Atlantic.
Fine
Summer
Suits
$15.50 tO
$25.03.
Made to order and guar-
anteed to fit. Monpy re-
fsnded If dissatisfied.
JOE POHEIffI,
THE TAILOR,
1110-UI2 Market «t..
2CI-?O3 Montgomery street
AMUSEMENTS,
1146 MARKET STREET.
PERSONAL MENTION.
State Controller C. P. Colgan is at the
Lick.
Ex-Judge I. F. Poston of Selma is at the
Lick.
T. L. need, a land owner of Reedley, Is
at the Grand.
Warren Green, a merchant of Preston,
Is at the Lick.
R. L. Fulton, a railroad man of Reno,
Is at the Lick.
Dr. W. H. Cope and wife of Pleasanton
are at the Lick.
H. P. Andrews, an attorney of Red
Bluff. Is at the Grand.
Archibald Yell, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
Harrison DlbWee, a capitalist of Lom
poc. Is at the California.
William McDermott. a mining man of
Salt Lake, is at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner N. Blackstock of
Ventura is at the Grand.
H. T. Lee, a business man of Los An
geles. is at the Occidental.
Herbert A. Kldder. the Sacramento Im
presario, is at the California.
Dr. William Bailey and wife of Louis
ville, Ky., are at the Occidental.
George W. Peltier, a cattle king of Ne
vada, and his wife, are at the Palace.
-O. McHenry. a prominent banker of Mo
desto, and wife, are at the Occidental.
Lieutenant Commander J. A. Norrls and
wife of Washington are at the Palace.
J. F. Thompson, editor and proprietor of
the Standard, at Eureka, is in the city.
I. C. Terry, a banker of Portland. Is at
the California, accompanied by his wife.
J. Marlon Brooks, an attorney of this
city, who has been for some time In Ma
nila, is at the Grand.
Captain James Carroll of Seattle, a
widely known navigator of Alaskan wa
ters. Is at the Grand.
Carrol Hutchins. an excursion agent of.
Boston, who has been around the world
many times, is at the Palace.
F. H. A. Lyle, manager of the English
syndicate that owns and controls Glen
wood Springs, Colo., Is in the city.
James McCudden, a wealthy contractor
of Vallejo, Is at the Grand, accompanied
by his daughter and his niece, Miss Ed
son.
Rev. A. C. Hirst, formerly a noted di
vine of this city, but now of Chicago, is
at the Palace. He came to California to
dedicate a church in Los Angeles and is
now on his way home.
Stanley Jackson, Special Deputy Col
lector of Customs, Is confined to his room
seriously 111 with an attack of brain fever
superinduced by the grip. His condition
was so alarming on Sunday that his
father, Colonel J. P. Jackson, sat up with
him all of Sunday night. Yesterday after
noon a change came for the better.
State employes and also those of the
Southern Pacific yesterday. In conse
quence some half dozen carpenters had
not even a hammer left with which to
drive a nail. The jwlice are at work on
the case.
The Mall steamer China was released
from quarantine yesterday and the cabin
passengers came ashore about 4 p. m. The
transport Sheridan is still held, and it will
probably be Thursday before she is re
leased.
A new chart of the harbor of San Luis
de Apra. Guam, has Just been received
by the Branch Hydrographlc offlce. It
was compiled last year by the officers of
the United States steamer Yosemlte.
ORANASIA AND
INDORE WERE
IN HARD LUCK
One Sprung a Leak and the
Other Lost Some Spars
and Sails.
Three Men From Sealing Schooner
Geneva Rescued by the Noyo.
Strike on the Front — Car
penters Bobbed.
?
Two British ships made port yesterday
and both had more or less heavy weather
during the voyage. The Oranasia from
Hamburg was twice aground in the river
Elbe Etnd after rounding the Horn sprang
a leak and the crew was compelled to man
the pumps every day. The Indore had
heavy weather from the start and a
gale off the Horn carried away her bow
sprit and a number of sails. One of
her crew fell from aloft early in March
and received injuries from which he died
when the ship was in sight of land.
The Oranasia made the run from the
English coast In 136 days, while the Indore
was .15S days coming from Liverpool.
Leaving Hamburg on November 7 behind
a tug the Oranasia went ashore in the
river the same day. She was got oft on
the next tide but again grounded on a
bank twelve hours later. Over 300 tons of
the cargo had to be discharged into light
ers, and on November 9 the ship reached
Siade, where the remainder of her cargo
was put aboard. On November 16 the tug
left the ship off Beachy Head and then all
wont well until December 1, when a heavy
gale from the southwest was run into.
There was no apparent damage and the
Fhlp was twenty-tour days making the run
from 50 degrees in the Atlantic to 5") de
grees in the Pacino. On February 2 the
Oranasia s-prang a leak and ever since she
has been making two inches of water a
day. The chances are that the bumping
Fhe got In the river Elbe started a rivet
and the heavy weather off the Horn made
matters worse and started the leak.
The Oranasia brings over 40000 tons of a
general cargo. A considerable portion of
it is cement and the remainder is mer
chandise that would not spoil in the
water. Had the agents, of the vessel
known that she would make the voyage
in 13G days from Beachy Head they could
have turned a pretty penny on the cargo
of cement. The Harbor Commissioners
asked for bids for cement to build the new
cylinder pier at Howard-street wharf No.
3* and the agents made a very low offer
stipulating that they deliver the cement
as soon as the ship arrived. The Commis
sioners wanted the cement within a few
weeks and dare not take any chances on
the probable arrival of a sailing vessel.
In consequence the next lowest bidder got
the contract. As matters have turned out,
however, the Oranasla's cement would
have been in time for the job.
The Indore left Liverpool 15S days ago.
On January 20 she ran into a heavy west
erly gale that carried away the bowsprit.
The decks were full of water nearly all
the time and the cabin, galley and fore
castle were gutted. The ship labored
heavily and quite a number of sails were
blown away. She had another succession
of gales for fifteen days off the Horn, and
the crew was almost completely worn out
making and taking in sail. On March 19
when the worst of the voyage was over
John Beaumont fell from the footrope of
the main topgallant staysail to the deck.
The unfortunate fellow was terribly in
jured but managed to hold on to life un
til March 30. A few hours after the Far
allones had been sighted he breathed his
last and was buried at sea. He was a na
tive of England. 49 years of age.
Arthur Griffin. Charles Thome and
"Scotty" Campbell, seal hungers from the
schooner Geneva were brought into port
on the steamer Noyo yesterday. They left
the sealer on March 30 when she was
about forty miles from Greenwood in the
search of seals and got lost in the fog. On
April 1 at 5:15 p. mi the Noyo picked them
up when four miles from the beach, and
brought them on to San Francisco. The
men had not suffered much as they had
provisions and water In the boat.
The carpenters' strike has extended to
the water front, and yesterday the men
engaged on the new Postofflce building
walked out. The men employed by the
State on the front get $3 60 a day and the
outsiders who work for contractors who
have State work to do think they should
get the same pay. The chances are that
the contractors and the men will settle
the matter to-day.
Thieves broke hito the tool boxes of the
OUWvlill Dili &tUiloo
200 LADIES' WHITE DUCK SKIRTS, will be C 1 f\(\
offered at *p I.KJVJ
50 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, special purchase, 7R r
value for $1.50, will be offered at £ *J\s
20 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, value for $10, <T LT (\f\
will be offered at *p*J.VJ\J
30 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, latest styles,
shade silver gray, value for $17.50, will C 1"7 CA
be offered at 4> * • V 7
100 APPLIQUE SKIRTS, value for $7.50, will be <T C (\f\
offered at » . . . 4>iJ • v/ v/
100 dozen GLOVES, value for $1.50, will be <T 1 |C
offered at pair
Day sham-peen-yon zah lah fee
ncg-see-yair.
31. Stuned tomatoes.
Dcs tomutes farcies;
32. Potatoes fried with onions.
Dcs pommes de terre a la lyonaise.
lee-cn-ez.
33. Tomatoes with mayonnaise dressing.
Dts tomates-'a la sauce mayonnaise
34. Chicken salad.
Mayonnaise de volaille; vo-lyee.
35. Ltttuce salad with scullions.
suiaCe tie laitue aux petits — oijrnons.
3G. Corn: dv mais; mah-eece.
Prunes; dcs pruneaux; proo-no.
Plums; dcs prunes; proon.
Apple sauce; marmelade aux pom
mes.
Cranoerry sauce; marmelade aux
cousslnets; koo-see-na.y.
37. Salt; dv sel.
Pepper; dv polvre.
Rev pepper; dv poivre rouge.
Vlnt-gar; dv vinaigre; vee-nagr.
33. Crackers; acs biscuits; beece
kwee.
Toothpicks; dcs cure-dents; koor
dar.g.
Salt and pepper box; la salicre, la
puivriOre.
Oil and vinegar tottle; lhullier.
Napkins; dea serviettes.
Numbers.
10; dix (diss).
20; vingt (vant).
30 trente (traunt).
40; cjuurante (ka-raunt).
60; cinquante (saji-kaunt).
CO; soixante (swas-sauntj.
7l); soixante-dix.
80; quatre-vingts.
iO; quatre-vingt-dlx.
100; cent (saunj.
500; cinq cents (sang-saun). ¦
l.OW; mille (mccl).
10,000; dix mille (dee mccl).
Nate— ln order to form from th« cardinal tli«
ordinal numbers, add "ieme" to the cardinal
number, as: douzieme, twelith; trentlenie, thir
tieth; cir.quantieme, fiftieth, etc. If the car
dinal ends in "c" It i 3 dropped before "Ume."
Alter "cinq" add "v" before it and final f be
corr.es v; as neuf changes into '"neuvianie."
There are some numbers which the stu
dent is advised to study and remember
from the very outset; read them over and
over aloud as much as possible and try
to commit tnem to memory. The most
important ones are:
\ ingt-et-un (21); vlngt-et-unieme (21st).
Soixante 160); soixantieme (OOthj.
Soixanu-aix (I'J); soixante-dixiSma
(70th>.
Sotxante-et-onze (71); solxante-et
onzieme (71st>.
Soixante-douze (72); soixante-douzlSme
(72d>.
yuatre-vlngts (SO); Quatre-vingtleme
(Soth).
Quatre-vingt-un (SI) ; quatre - vingt
unieme (Slst).
Note— The conjunction "and," "et" (ay), oc
curs only in Joining the unit 1 (one) or ih»
number 11 (eleven; to the tens. In si, however,
this conjunction is lost.
Important for the Student.
Before maKing any attempt to read tha
text of the new French lesson the student
should, if possible, hear it several timts
from the mouth of one who has a better
knowledge of the language than himself.
It is also important to try to familiarize
one's self thoroughly with the meaning
and spelling of eacn word. To promote tha
latter in particular it will be well to tran
scribe as often as possible from dictation
and from* memory some of the important
sentences; then compare them with the
originals and note the mistakes.
Beading Lesson.
The following is a proper translation of
the last Frencn exercise:
(1) We pay f3 a day in that hotel. (2)
Idleness is the mother of all vices. (S>
Th* oranges and the pears that one buy*
at that merchants are tine and good, {it
The rooms of this boarding house are very
large. (5) They are very convenient. (t>>
I ftm going to nigh mass in the cathedral.
(7) Come with me. (*> Will you go witb
me? (3) English is spoken in this restau
rant. (10> bo much the better. (11) Will
you take some meat and vegetables? (12)
This fried chicken is delicious, (lit Sena
us two veal cutlets, breaded. (H> This
roast beef is too rare. (10) Take it away.
(16) A stuffed leg of mutton and some
jelly.
Vocabulary— La Normandie; Normandy.
Les plus beaux; the finest. En -Europe;
in Europe. Pays; country. Le elimat,
the climate. Prendre; to take. Les eaux;
the waters. Vite; fast. De lautre cOtft;
on the other side. Au coin; on the corner,
liellrs; tine. Les repas; the meals. Res
taurant; restainant. lei; at this place.
On sert; they serve. Excellent; excellent.
Raisonnable.-t; reasonable. Prix; rates.
Nous uurons; we shall have. De la pluie;
rain. Fera beau; will be fine. Comment
se porte? how is? Beau-pere; father-in
law.
Read and translate into English
(1) Les chevaux fie la Normandie sont
Irs plus beaux de l'Europe. (2i Le ctimat
dc cc pays^est tres doux (warm). (3> II
fait plus doux que dans notre pays. (4)
Beaucoup de personnes vont eiwEurope
pour prendre lea eaux. (5) Cette dame
marche tr^s vite. (6) Je suls trea fatigu*
tt je me sens-'indisposf. (7) 113 sont de
l'autre cote de la rue. <S> Quelle est cette
maison au coin? ('.?) Est-ce la "Le Grand
Optra"? <10) Les 16gi:mes en France sont
bien beaux. (11) La cuisine de cc restau
rant est-elle bonne? (12) Ici on sert d'ex
cellenta repas. et ft. des prix raisonnables.
(13) Nous aurons de la pluie. (14) Croyez
vous qu'il fera beau demain? (15) Com
ment se porte monsieur votre beau-p^re?
Before taking up a new lesson the stu
dent is advised to rehearse the text of all
previous lessons, so that as he advances
he will become thoroughly familiar with
all words, phrases and Idioms already
used.
Note— The EnKlish translation of this
exercise will be found in the following
lesson, which will be published next Tues
day. . ::; .*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-THE SAN FRANCISCO QALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1900.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
Copyright, 1900, b 7 Seymour Eaton.
A NEW BILL "OF HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTIES!
MATTRETVS AND HARRIS; HARRT
COGILL and MAY ARLEA :
EARLE and SHEPHERD;
CARRIE BEHR;
KE.VO, V.*ELCH and MELROSE;
LONEY HAEKELL; W. C. FIELDS;
A. L. GCILLE:
CHARLES SWEET.
TtMierrrd 6#*ta. 2Sc: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs end Box F**ta. COc
M&tl&eea Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Centemeri Glove Sale
Kid or Sued c
w. h. smith, Agent 200 Post Street
7On the Produce Exchange to-ilay the butter
market was weak: creamery. 19022 c: dairy, 16
<f/22c. Eggs, steady, 10 1 .4 < gio4c. Cheese, flrm,
12{(13c.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 5 10 6 94
Closing 510 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Mar. May-Aug,
Opening '. 20 ;.5 2170
Closing 20 65 21 SO
Flour—
Opening 26 S5 2H 40
Closing 2; ;o 28 55
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 19,
000; generally steady. Natives— Best on sale
to-day, two loads at $5 65: good to prime steers,
shade stronger, $4 9O'#s 75; poor to medium
about steady, $4g4 75; selected feeders steady,
$4^4 60: mixed stockers quiet, $3 25<Q3 90; cows,
best firm, others steady, $3@4 25: heifers, $3 10®
4 65; canners about steady, $2@2 75; bulls, $2 60
©4 15; calves, $4 25(25 75. Texans — Receipts,
1500; best on sale to-day, two loads at $4 90;
Texas fed steers, better grades, easier; com
mon and medium, steady at $3 90®5; Texas
bulls slow. $3@3 60.
HOGS- Receipts. 31.000: estimated to-morrow.
20.000: ;c-ft over. 2500; fairly active. 5c lower:
top, $5 40; mixed and butchers, $5 15@5 40: good
to choice heavy. $5 2.'(f?5 40; rough heavy, $5 10«
6 20; light, $5 05<g5 324; bulk of sales, $5 25®
5 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000; sherp and lambs,
active. 10315 c higher; sheep highest since 1533;
top, Colorado lambs, $7 50: good to choice
wethers, $6#6 30; fair to choice mixed, $S«G;
Western rheep. $5 20^6 20: yearling!. $6 23®
6 75: native lambs, $5 Co<s7 *0; Western lamba,
$6 25@7 50.
Nku York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Arril 2.— The market for metals
was somewhat Irregular to-day. While copper
and spelter ruled a shnde higher on the strength
In London, tin, on the 'other hand, was de
cldely lower. At the close the price was
$32 25, nominal, against 532 50 at the closing fig
ures uf the previous day. Ixike copper was
firmer, closing at $17, being 25 points above
Friday's closing prices. Pig iron warrnnts
continue quiet. Lead ruled unchanged, clos
ing quiet at U 674 bid and $4 724 asked. Spel
ter was steadier on a good export demand, clos
ing 24 points higher at $4 52' i bid and $4 00
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and
for copi-er $17 25.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, April 2.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday. March 31, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat f4.203.000 114.000
Corn 21.563.000 452.000
Oats 7.556.000 635.000
Rye 997.fHK> 6,000
Barley SOl, OOO 104,000
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April 2.— Consols. 101H* silver,
2"4 d; French rentes. lOlf 30c; cargoes on pas
sage, firmer tendency; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s Sd; cargoes Waila Walla, 2Ss
14<3: Enellsh country markets, steady; Import
into United Kingdom, wheat 194.000; import into
United Kingdom, flour. 161. 000; wheat and flour
on pas-sage to United Kingdom, 3,690.000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1.430.000;
Indian shinments wheat to United Kingdom,
none: Indian shipments wheat to Continent,
none.
LIVERPOOL, April 2.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 9-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT- Spot— Xo stocks. Futures— April,
nominal: May, 5s lOd; July. Ps S%d.
CORN— Spot — American mixed new, steady. 4s
lrt; American mixed old, firm. 4s. Futures —
Steady; May, 4b Id; July, 4s %d; September, 4s
Id.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 2.— Clearings, $470,272
balnnces, $54,42.".
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
rORTLAND. April 2.— The uncertainty re
garding freights is preventing much strength
In the lo<v»l wheat market. Owners have not
yet made up their minds to accept rates which
will admit of exporters meeting the views of
farmers and accordingly business Is quiet, with
nominal quotations of 54c for Walla Walla and
63#54c for valley.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 2.— Wheat higher and quoted
*at 56c for blue stem and 54c for club; both ex
port.
Exchange and Bullion.
For the appraisement of duties the value of
the Mexican Silver Dollar for the quarter be
ginning April 1 has been fixed at 47.3.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S3H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 88^
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — SO
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59H
Mexican Dollars 454 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weaker, but Paris
futures were higher.
Chicago advanced slightly on bad crop reports
from India and a good speculative demand. The
amount on passage Increased 2,500,000 bushels,
but the undercurrent was strong. There was
a slight Increase In the American visible sup
ply.
The local market was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 961i@374c; milling,
9SHc@sl Oltf. -"•.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May — 1000 ctls
B8c: 600 Q. 98i/ic: December— 8000. $1 04H: 2000.
$1 05.
Second Session — December— 20,000 ctls, $1 05,4;
6000. $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000
ctls. $1 0T.4; May— 4ooo, 9S%c: 4000.95».ic.
Afternoon Session — December — SQOO ctls,
$1 05H; May-6r)00, 98'ic.
BARLEY— The rain produced no effect on
quotations, and there were sales at the old
Pl Fe"d. 750 for No. 1 and C5@724c . for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades. 80©
874 c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Previous prices rule and the market
is dull.
White. $1 10@l SO; Red, 55c@$l 17H; Gray
$1 07401 15: Black. 374ci35l 05.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at $10501 07U
per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $liyi 10; mixedt
$1 05** 1 07H per ctl.
BYE- 974c@$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. ..' ,\ . .
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 21.453 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6C@3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington. S2 25&3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices «ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 rer 1W lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Kye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, {7; C'crn Meal. $2 50-
Oat Groats. J4 50- Hominy, $3 25©3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25: Cracked- Wheat. $3 7i
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. *3 50.
Rolled Oats (barrels). $B@7 25; in sacks, $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley. $5: Split Peaa. $5; Ureen Peas,
ia U> per Hi) lbs.
Ha\ and Feed stuffs.
Kvereythlng stands the same as before the
rain, which was chiefly confined to the cen
tral and upper parts of the State.
BRAN— SI 2 oOgUSO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— U6®I9 r*r ton.
KEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. Jlsi§l7 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing
i.-( wciizs; (jocoanut <jaKe. \zwnz\; Corn Meal.
J2S 50Q24; Cracked Corn, $24324 50; Mixed Feed,
515 50; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY — Wheat. $76x9 for common to good;
$9 CO for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. J6 to@3; Oat. <6@B; Barley, $5©7; Al
falfa. J6@7 60 per ton. •-¦¦.-.-•
STRAW-25e35c per bale.
TO SAIL.
CHICAGO, April 2.— The market for corn be
gan the session with a spurt of activity and
j strength which lasted throughout the day. Re
i duction in Liverpool stocks was about the only
Item In the statistical array which excited con
sideration. Shipping sales were put at "iO.OOO
bushels, all but 100,000 bushels of which was
sold for direct export. The visible supply ln
1 creased 447,000 bushels, but that makes only
I 21,(52.000 bushels In comparison with 32,737,000
bushels a year ago. Way closed *^o over Satur
day.
Wheat should have declined, according to the
views of the experts on 'Change, but It did not.
The. demand for export kept modestly In the
background and both visible and the amount on
passage increased. Liverpool .was merely
I steady and domestic reports were favorable to
the well being of the crop. On the other hand
the bulls expected reports of cold weather in
various: parts of Europe, the reduction of ship
ments from Russia last week, the stories of In-
I Juries to wheat in sack In Argentina by the
heavy rains, and the official India crop report
showing the new percentages for the different
Important grain provinces. The strength of
corn naturally reinforced the bull position and
the market went up. There was a good com
mission house demand, without apparent reason
I and shorts were made uncomfortable by the
I course of the market. The seaboard was rela
tively strong, the northwest relatively weak.
New York reported the day's export business
at ten loads. May opened U©?4c up at 67«j$-i4c
and advanced to fi7?RC. From that point the
bears forced the price down to 66 7 »c. The India
crop report fame toward the end and was In
fluential in the reaction which had already b»
gun. a"hd May rallied to 67*»(g87Hc, reacted to
b7>ic on profit taking, closing %&Hc higher -at
67 l iftC7'.;e.
Oats were firm, helped by corn. Country of
ferings were small. Spring work is Impending,
but country roads are reported In bad condition
May closed ! »fi\«c over Saturday.
The provisions market was strong and active
in s-pite of liberal profit taking. The strength of
corn, buying of hogs, as well as product by an
influential packer, and also buying by sold-out
bulls, were influences to which the strength
¦was attributed. One firm took 15,000 tlerce« of
lard at practically one price. The cash demand
was good. May pork closed Joe over Saturday
May lard improved and May ribs s(g7Hc up. '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
May €7'i 674 66% 5714
July €«<¦« 6S*4 68 CS'i
September 6SK 6aVi 65^ 69'
April ......'... .... 3sv
May 39 39H 38T4 3s£
July 35-»; 40>4 39H 40<i
September 40' 4 40»i 40Vi 40? i
Outs No. 2—
May 24»i 24H 2<H 24*4
July 2374 24>i 24 2<u
Mf-ss Pork, Her- barrel —
May 12 60 12 82% 12 60 12 75
July 12 20 12 42'zi 12 20 12 32'^
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May , 645 fi 50 . 6 42U 6 47Vi
July 6 .'0 6 60 6 50 6571,
September 6 62V* < 67^i 6 62<4 6CO
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May • 6 574 6 6T14 6 57VJ 665
July 6 52>i 660 6 524 6 574
September .... 6 69
Cash quotations wen.- as follows:
TRAINING A CHILD'S WILL.
"Little good can come of belnjr arbi
trary with a child by making him do as
we Tvish without flrst getting at the causes
of his willfulness." says the Woman's
Home Companion. "A child's volitions nri»
transient. The endeavor, then, must be to
get at his fleeiinir volitions and train #ach
one arisht. until he can be said to have
;l KOverrJniE: purpose. Some put Implicit
I faith in reasonlns with a child. Well it
i shows respect for child nature, and oec:»
slonally # reaches him: at l^ast. It rpav
have some effect In developing ha
reasoning powers, and certainly promises
confidence between parent and child If
his reason were already developed there
would be less difficulty In training the
will, but since Jt is not we must train
the will through other avenues, and Hi's
feeling, his emotional impulses, form the
best of these. In order to strengthen ani
train his will a child must be allowed to
exercise it by choosing for himself as far
as practicable. The parent or teacher
must advise the child before the choico
is made, or when he is suffering as a re
suit of an unwise choice he may well
reflect on them for not Riving him th*
benefit of their experience; but after both
sides are made plain the child must be
left a free moral apent. If there la a
choice between a pocketknlfe and a r*-v
pair of trousers a boy will almost surely
choose the knife. When he feels ashamed
of his patched knees it will be a means of
culture to his Jud R ment through the err.o
l» n i° ? s v> ai ?, c ' an< 2 hls next may
be in the line of reason. But it take*
more than one lesson to learn that *w*
cannot eat our cake and have It *oo *
Robertson says: 'There are two ways *f
reaching truth-by reasoning it out and by
feellne it out. A child must feel his wuy
throush them he is reached for rood or
Nay York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Arril I.— The rtork market
made a strotic opening to-day on large buying
ord.-rs which had accumulated in the comnls
rir>n house!? over Sunday and In reypense to
L-mdxn demand. Th«> influ'-nce of Saturday's
favorable bank Bta.ttr.jen} was still felt and the
mom trader* were Inclined ta the bull t-id*.
There was a large absorption <.f the leading
Iron and ttocks, v.hicli wi* attributed to
tiv ojKration of a pool and the buying .if Peo
l!e'« Gas ie Faid to be Included In the.Mame
J.ikn. There «ai .largo buying of Anaconda on
foreign account in sympathy with the strength
of coppers lmth In London and Paris, wherr
the short Ir.tereft Is in evident distress. But
notwith«tar.dir.R th<*^e favorable auspices and
the additional betnlit nf t*.<me extraordinarily
strong statements of earning the Ftrength <>r
the market wae not maintaln»-d. The early Je
r ;-. r. '. was VCJ7 freely fed for the purpose of
taking profit* by la»-t Keck* buyers. Th<* per
rl«env »<tLl;ness of Ruger had an unsettling in
fluence on the list. The early ttrpngth of Iron
: - r»vf way to quite acute weakness after
the M^s<»ln^l;;^s *>t the annual tnffllrx of the
rtockholfler* of the Krderal Steel Company. The
•ellinp movemerit se'-med to pain force as the
hour for cloning ajiprnafh^d and the actual
c!ow was active and weak and net lenses larjrp
ly rr'-d.iminated. Some of the railroad stocks
which had been notaHy strong lost pretty near
all, their pains or «t the best h«id them largely
<Jimlnishf-d. The Pacific storks and the Gran
p.-rs were con^j>icuous «xanii>le«. Quite a num
ber of unusually inactive railroads were strong.
notaHy the Lcke L"ri«- and Western stocks, the
preferred jumping 12.% points tv par, and the
ounimon rising an extreme 44. The fall In
Fugar was ar-cornpanled by reports of new outs
In th* riric* in ccftee. the war in the coffee trade
helng »aped by the ssme rival interesti? as that
In the Sugsr trade. The weakness In the Iron
stocks seemed to be due to disappointment on
EASTERN MARKETS
Steamer Movements.
the part of speculators over the showinc of
•^rnings made by the Federal Steel Company.
Th? drop in Federal Steel from the early high
point wa* ?*» and in Steel and Wire over 3
point*. Other stocks in the group were less
atcively traded in, but all showed weakness.
The day's statement 01 net earnings for Feb
ruary included gains over ias; years February
net earnings of !>4 ptr cent for Norfolk and
Western, 66 per cent for Rio Grande and West
ern. 35 per cent for Union Pacific and 53 per
cent for Louisville and Nashville. The sticks
of thes.? companies shewed good resistance to
j the reactionary tendency, but the conditions
i thus reflected of railroad business were not suf
j ficier.t to liuld the ut-neral lift. Money was easy,
i though not much effect was felt from the dis
j burseir.eni of quarterly Interest and divided
j ;*yments. Sterling exchange continued in its
j upward course and the question is now arising
whether the increase In the circulating; medium
by the operation of tiie law of March 14 may
result ir. sending gold abroad by relieving the
) need for it in circulation here. The process of
I taking uut new circulation which had come to
j a vause is reported from Washington to have
received a fr»-*ii impetus an.l the sub-Treasury
In New York is again paying out large amounts
lo rr>rernnin:.s on converted bonds.
The bond market was active to-day. Wabash
debenture n'.s being absorbed on a large scale.
Total sales, par value. $3.ii2;.W0. United States
refunding 2Js when issued declined 4 and the
2s and old <s »4» 4 in th<* bid j>rice.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closin?
Hold. Bid.
3*i.475 Atchison 28%
37,S'.<S Atchison prefd 73
12.155 liaitimore <i Ohio mi
Canadian Paciflo 97
PLOyl Canada Southern 534
8.460' Chesapeake & Ohio 324 i
11.655 Chicago Great Western 14"»
14.150 Chicago. Burlington &. Quincy 1224
1.200 Chicago. Ind <c Louis 25\
I.UIO Chicago, ln<l A; Louis prefd 59
300 Chicago & Ea*t Illinois 104
L 2'» Chicago & Northwestern 1634
19.873 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 113
4,frUo C»C(Cj&«St Louis 654
i-W Colorado Southern 74
30) Colorado Southern Ist prefd 434 I
3"W Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS
2t«o Delaware & Hudson 1164
....... Delaware, Lack & Western ISI
1,4.V> Denever & Rio Grande 22 5 » ]
400 Denver & Rio Grande rrefd 7<H i
Erie 144 I
2.470 Erie Ist prefd 42'g
1.630 Great Northern rrefd 166
3,440 Hocking Coal 204
600 Horking Valley 36-
4.155 lilinois Ct-ntral ll«' t
£62 Icwa Central 19
foO lowa Central prefd 564
?00 Kan City. I'ittsburg & Gulf 20
S.r^7 I>ak*» Krie & Western 27U
SO 1 ) Lake Erie & Western prefd 94
Lake Shore 20")
7,W !>iuisvi!l^ & Nashville }>6&i
12.42." Manhattan L 564 |
5,055 Metropclitan Street Railway Ifi2 |
if) Mexican Central 13\ i
«nf» Minn & St Louis 67 I
415 Minn & St Louis prefd 96 j
11.350 MiFsourl Pacific 49tf !
$t» Mobile & Ohio 4*;
Missouri Kansas & Texas 114 i
1,209 Missouri. Kan & Texas prefd 354 i
123 New Jersey Central 116? i
3.575 New York Central 1374!
4,!7> Norfolk & Western 36'« j
S3 Norfolk & Western prefd 76 ;
22.K--0 Northern Pacifi.- 61 i
M'rt Northern Pacific j.refd 77»i j
ZAZ% Ontario & Western 2.V- !
Oregon Ry /t Nay 42 |
Oregon Ry 4c Nay prefd 76
I9.KA I'enr.sylvania 12*> 4 |
I.ISO Reading 19%
2.170 Reading l*t rrefd €24 I
2.06-) Reading 2d prefd 33 I
....~: r Rio Grande Western 534 '
Rio Grande Western prefd S">U i
409 St Louis & San Francisco II 7 , !
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 72
1.950 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefj.... 354
S>»» St Louis, Southwestern 12' 4
3,600 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 31H
»,510 St Paul 124-,
rIOO Pt Paul prefd 172
1,125 St Paul & Omaha 113
24,£3'> Southern Pacific 41%
9.732 Southern Railway 15' 4
6,850 Southern Railway prefd 6f>»»
LIW Texas & I'aciflc 174
•2,293 Union Pacific E*",
3.'>ss Union Pacific frefd 77
I*) Wabash 7TA
6.00rt Walip.sh prefd 22S
1.425 Wheeling & L E 11\
2.5:.! i Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 31» t !
3.K5 WißCOnfin Central 13'^ |
Express Ccmr-anles —
Adams 1164
112 American 1474
United States 474
Welis-Farco 123
Miscellaneous —
1.4W American Cotton Oil 364
American Cotton Oil prefd S5
American Malting , 44
. SfO American Malting prefd 224
2,730 American Smelting & Refining 40 7t7 t
200 American Smelting & R prefd 90
American Spirits 2V»
American Spirits prefd- 17
2.147 American Steel Hoo|f 35* i
2DO American ¦Steel Hoop prefd 80*4
€2.f20 American Steel & Wire 66";
1.4.V) American Steel and Wire prefd S-i««
6.110 American Tin Plate 34
US American Tin Plate prefd *34
1,270 American T<iha<~^o 106
American Tohnrro prefd 130
lO.Sort Anaconda Mining Co {-,34
24.93S Rrooklvn Rapid Transit 72
&.I'X> Colorado Fuel & Iron 49"; i
3,015 Continental Tobacco 324
500 Continental Tobacco prefd F.">
SS.CS Federal Steel 5314
4,110 Federal Steel prefd 74
3.74t General Kleetric 10'JVi
346 Glucose Sugar *£
Glucose Sugar prr-fd i>S%i |
200 International I'appr 214
International Paper prefd 65'/.
100 I^aclede Gas ..'. 76 *
National Biscuit 36* i
210 National Riccuit prefd M
2.1C0 National Lead 244
lift National Lead prefd 10i>»%
«.zT3 National Steel 4(4
7W National Ste*| prefd 94
New York Air Brake 12S
109 North American 1".\4
Pacific Coast 52
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2
Partilc Coast 2d jirefd «
479 Pacific Mail 37H
42,-' A :; People's Gas lC9s
1.420 Pressed Ste«M Car E3%
€09 Preswd Steel Car prefd S3
I'uliman Pniacc Car IS*
100 Standard Rope & Twine "\t,
95.:.7 C Sugar 10.">'4
300 Sucar pr^fd 108
r..T!-0 Tennessee <""oal «t Irrn 534
3,f.."i I'nitfd States leather is'
47T, United States Leather rrefd 734
17* I'nite.l State* Rubber 32
3.V) I'nited States Rubber prefd ttsvj
4CO Western Union $2
4,415 Rep I & S Co 22»i
12j Rep I & S Co prefd 'cr.*;
I P C C & St Louis 67
i 2.24* Third Avenue ..103
i SIf.OOO Share* noia.
CLOSING nONDH.
I U P I« refunding M X & T 4.' 93
I when issued 104'; ; ,N V Cent lsts ll.'U
j T S Ji te? IMHi N J Cent gen 35.. .123
nS 3s reg 109%|N Car c R . ex 1nt.. .124^
, \' S 3s c<iup 11D4JN Carolina 4s 106
1U S new 4s reg 134 \S I"acinc.3s 0?",
IU S new 4s c0up. .134 \S Pac 4s.' ex Int. 104':v
lIT S old 4s reg 115 NYC & S L 45...105U
I U £ old 4s coup, N & W coa 4s. ex
j ex interest 115 Interest J. 714
I U S In re* 1144 N & W gen r* 13?
IT S ia coup 11*4 Or Nay Ists no
i Dls of Co! 3.G3F....111 Or Nay 4." 1044
j Atch gen 4« ex int-lOO^i ;Or Short Line 65..J2S
I Atchison adj 4«.... MT* Or S IJn con E5...114
Canada So za* va Heading Gen' 4s.... 8S
I Ches t Ohio 445.. OSTsiR G W Istn 934
i fhes £- Ohio 5*..:.11»4 S L I M con 5s ¦ '
C & NW con Ti- — 14? I ex interwt 11l
I C & NWSFdeb bLJ2S*MfI t. & S F gen 65.12:»i
I Chicago Term 45.. y6*i St Paul cons 170
D & R G lsts 10*4 s P C & P 15t5.. ..1194
D & R G 4? 9941S P C & P r 121*4
E T Va & Ga lsts.lo2i;!So Railway Bs 112%
Erie General 45.... 74 ;?tand R & T 6»... 72
FW Si D C lets.. 70 Term new set 35... 95
I General Elec C5... .11514 'Tex & Fac 15t5..,.114«i
Chicago Grain Market.
Cluiriers.
The Jessciaene Is chartered for wheat to Eu-
TY-* schocner Corona loads lumber at Port
Gan.b> tor Honolulu.
Produce Exchange call sales in March were
111.700 tons wheat and fOO tons barley, and
for the first nine month* cf the crop year 1.
13,200 tens wheat and 133.5-J0 tons barley.
Customs Collections.
\; -.! customs colleciir-ns in March were
r.v:.".:. agminst W3LIOO in March. 1599. and
for tb« flrst thrw innr.ths of the year $1. £07,471,
BKilnst f1.657.100 last year.
Stocks at uram.
¦ - '
Pro<luce Exchacpe- Grain Inspector Steller
T^p-wn Btocfai of rrain in warehouse and on
wharf April 1 *m follows. In tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Pnrt O*ta. March 1 1i:..236' 17.763
Port Conm. April 1 103.U* 1>«.222
Pto <¦¦:¦: ¦ :.. Uarch 1 6«\:i2 20.475
Rockton. AprU 1 54.657 17.331
Pan Fnmrfeco. March 1 1.662 11.415
Francisco. April 1 1.21 11.196
March 1 .-...'5.65< IS3 425
A;ril 1 6.45« SC 500
K. •:;•!- :n March were ILSS« tons barley.
K«9 tins oate. X.&5 tons corn and 1&.-6 tons bran.
The Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast \Tood and Ircn for April sa>-«:
"Tri< Imitet Fituation for April will not be
v-ry much d:JTerent from that of March, which
could not be saii to be just what the manu
facturers .iesired it thould be. The local yards
are com; aratively overst<>cked and the sales
. t taanolactured material to these dealers was
not normal in ;t* condition. Should the build-
me fperatior.f of April be anywhere on a
basis which the lumber dealers hoj>e for the
yard stocks should he somewhat depleted with
a consequent lnrreaw of trade between the
mill owners and the dealers, retail and whole-
Pale. •
•'From th«» southern r°rtinnF of California the
reports r<"Cfiv«-d do not indicate a very heavy
run of frjfine^s amor.X the local yards, fur
the wiMa is dry and th<- demand restricted.
There hav<> l«?en numTCus heavy southern
c«r>: r "ei' chipped from the mills Of this Stat«>
In ihe rf-cw>»'J trade and from the jiiri* mills
of the Pacific Northwest and Indications point
:•¦ lumber t»-irc somewhat of a drug on the
southern markets.
"But the mill* themselves are rushing along.
fonT- tx-ir.g 1 n heav> tim»- calls. There are
rum. ts if new activity in some of the plants
whi'ii have be^n shut for years |>an. bat
ih>-s* rann t \<c traced to any reliable siurce.
Th* rr.ilis of Hurr.^Mt and Memir.clno c<>un
t:-s ar. :ar Irf-iiir.ii in their order-book calls.
l>ut with a tittle slacking away in April there
c-houM t>e do rcksoa for a failure to overtake
w.f iT^icTi and domestic orders. The mills
ft the Sterna ar-f petting out a great many
thousarrt f^t of s=u«r and -yellow pine for
I'*-aI. State and Eastern demands, and the
coming etrason promises to be a mort active
cne."
Weather Report.
eO2vth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 2, i p. m.
oUowbur are the sxtOTMl rxinialls to
compiirf i with thoff of Fame date last
n. and rainfall in lart t'4 hours:
Lest Thi* Last
Emicnt- 24 h-,urs. season, season.
Eureka. O.K 44.7J 31.33
Ji*-d Bluff 0.72 I>.7J 1i.37
Sa Ta:::cr/.o O.Su 16.01 IS.H
San Francisco 0.26 17.36 15.8S
Fresno Cn<* 7. 1S 6.76
Independence *.«0 2.7J 1.16
Ran Lcii Obispo 'Ob 14. 53 14.77
Los AngeK* Trace 3.15 4.79
<-a:i I>i*-go Trace 3.16 4 5S
Yuroa 0.00 0.77 1.34
>an Franoinco data— Maximum temperature.
!'•: mi-imum. SI; mean. s*.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th* Ftorm over the North Pacific Coast Mon
<;&>¦ mornlnc has Tnov«~i raridly inland and \m
notr over liatio and Northern Utah.
Conditions still remain unfavorable fcr set
tl'.l fair veatber <>n the Vaciftc elupe.
Ka.in has :^!i«-n generally over the Pacific
Coast varying In amounts from half an inch
In Northern CalUorcJa to a trace In the ex
treme Routh.
There has b**n a euddtn fall in temperature
In N*-va-!a. trnow is falling in the Sierras.
The following maximum wind \el<>clties are
roT>°rted: Sacranv-r.to. 2i mil»s per hour, from
th- (-¦vjtheaM: Indejjendenr*. 48 miles from the
w-j-t; Winr.fmucca. 30 m'.l»>s, from th» w~st;
Salt Lake City. 3<j miles, from th«r south; Po
catWlo. 36 miles, from the west, and Lander, 44
mMfs. frcm the southwest.
Fcretfayt made at San Francisco for 20 hours
g-ndiiur midnight April 3, 1*00:
Northern California — Clcu4y unsettled
-eatb^r Tuesday, with Fh'-v.»>rs in the central
and northern portions; southerly winds, chang
ing to westerly.
Southern Caiif>>rTj!a — Clou^r Tu«-*<lay, ¦with
orraeional light chower*: fresh westerly winds.
Nevada— finow or rain Tuesday; warmer Tues
day r.t=ht.
I'tah— Rain Tu<*s«ay: decidedly eclrter.
Anr««»-Clou!Jy Tuesday; colij-r in northern
portion.
f-an Franrlsro and vicinity— Unsettled weather
Tue»<ia>. with' occasional light showers; fresh
southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McAIHE.
Forecast Official
NEW TORK, April 2.— FLOUR— Receipts, 32.
354 bbls; exports. 11.935. Quiet, as holders asked
an advance which the trade was unwlllng to
meet.
WHEAT— Receipts. 70.000 bu; exports, 74.355.
Spot market. etea.Jy; No. 2 red, S(»'«c f. b. b. ;
No. p red. 77Sc elevator: No. 1 hard Duluth.
73Sc f. o. b. alioat prompt; options were under
bull oontroi pretty much all day, with one ex
ception at noon. wh*>n leallzing prompted a
brief sethark. The chief buying motives were
crop complaints from Europe, higher cables and
strength in corn and provisions. Closed steady
at '.«''<^e advance. May, 73 T i@74 5-16 c, closed
744 c: July. 74mi74 S-ie^. closed 74'.ic; Septem
ber. 74H<!/744<\ closed 744 c.
HOl'S— Quirt.
WOOL^-Duli.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, nominal: No. 7 Invoice,
7\c; do Jobbing. M«c; mild, quiet; Cordova,
94c. The market for futures cloeeu steady at
net unchanseU prices to 5 points higher. Total
*ales, 34,000 bags. Including April at $6 40;
May. $6 40; June. $6 40; August, $6 60; Septem
ber. $6 534i6 60; October. $6 6t>'?n> 65; November,
*6 fiEfi6 70; December, $6 90: January, $6 95.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 13-16;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 13-32 c; molasses sugar,
3 13-]6c; renned. irregular.
BUTTER— Receipts. S2SO packages: steady;
Wrstern Creamery. lS'g'Zoc; factory. 13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 16,633 packages; steady:
Western at mark, 12c; Southern at mark 113
12c
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. April 2.— Business In evaporated
apples continues clow and without Important
new feature. Desirable grades lt^ld steady, but
others ruled quiet. California dried fruits were
Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
44'a'c: prime. s^S6c; choice. 7i374c; fancy,
7\t;ki 2 c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34<S7c
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13#15c; Moorpark. 15r31Sc
PEACHKS— Cnpeeled, 74<S'9c; peeled lb©22c"
New York Grain and Produce.
Shipping Intelligence.
In the afternoon Oceanic sold up to $95 and
Gas and Electric to $52.
The oil stocks continued dull.
The seventh dividend In liquidation of the
depcaits of the People's Home Savtngs Bank
of San Francisco, suspended in 1593, will be
paid on the 10th. It is 3 per cent and makes
37 per cent in all.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
Oceanic Steamship Company, 50 cents; San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, 33 cents.
The regular dividend of the Market-Street
Railway Company of 60 cents will be paid on
the 10th.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of 25 cents on the 3th.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 30 cents on the sth.
The semt-annual dividend of the Bank of
British North America will be paid on the
6th. It amounts to $130,000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANQE.
MONDAY, April 2—B p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Cent L & P... — 4?i
<s qunr coup.. 115 1154
Is do reg 115 113»*
Is do cp new.. 134 133
Js do coup llOUlilVi
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 —
C C Wat 55....105*«f07
Ed I. & P 65.. 12a —
F & Cl Ry 65. .114 —
Geary-st R ss. — 524
H C & S SV-s. — —
Do 5s 105 1054
L A Ry 5s 103 —
LAI. Cv is.. — —
E<iuit G L Co. 3\ 4
Mutual El Co. MV* 13
O G L & H... 46^4 —
Pac Gas Imp:.. 32V* 53
Pac 1j «Jo — 43
SF G & E.... Bl 7 i —
San Francisco. 4-* 41-',4 1 -',
Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Insurance —
Firem's Fund.223 —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. — «6!s
Bank of Ca1. .410 —
Cal S D & T.. 1014103
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
L A & P R 55.1C2',i102»;
Market-st 6s...i:SU —
Do Ist M 55.. 116 —
NCN O It 7s.IUS —
N R of Cal 65.H3>4 —
NR of Cal 6s. 113 —
N P C R R 65.1'j44 —
N P C R R 65.107 —
NCR R 5s 109 —
Oak G L&Hss.lo*»; —
Oak Tran 65...1134113>4
Oak WCo 55.. — 1054
Oceanic S C 0..1054106
OM C Ry 65. ..125 —
P & Cl Ry 65. .104 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 69.117 —
Sac L & GR5s. 90 —
S F & SJV ss. 1154 —
S Ry of Cal 65.114 115' i
S P RRofA 6e.112 —
S P C 63(1905). 109 —
Do (1906) ....110 —
Do (1912) .... — —
Do Ist <:s ss. — —
S P Br 6s 12541264
S V Water 63.114U —
Do 4s 104 104»i
S V W 45(3dm)103 103 V;
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 103
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 634 6*
Marin County."— —
Spring Valley. 954 —
Gas & Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — —
First National — 230
Lon P & A. ...132 —
Merchants' Ex 154 —
Savings Banks—
Ger S & L..1810 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Say U.. 510 —
Say & L So. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — — *
Street Railroads-
California 120 122
Geary-at 60 —
Market-st Ry. 62* i 634
O i= L & H... — 50
Presidio 153* —
Powder Stocks-
California ....130 165
Giant Con Co.. — 87.i
Vlgorlt S —
Sugar Stocks —
Hana S P Co.. 9>i 9»i
Haw C & S Co S7?i 90
Honokaa S Co. 324 —
Hutch S P Co. 26* i 26>4
Kilauea S Co. 21»i —
Makawell S Co 454 434
Onomea S Co.. 274 —
Paauhau S Co. 30 31
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.llSH —
Cal Fruit •Asn.lol* t lo2'i
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. S4 7 » 96
Pac A F A 2 —
Pac C Bor Co. ISO —
Par Paint Co.. 10. —
Morning Session.
Board — ...
110 California Fruit Canners 102 00
100 Contra Costa Water, s 60 64 00
30 Contra Costa Water 64 00
50 Contra Costa Water £
10 Contra Costa Water S3 2j
90 Contra Costa Water, s 30 63 00
SO (Slant Powder Con 87 25
20 Honokaa 8 Co 32 KJJ
110 Hutchinson S P Co 26 3. ' =
30 S F Gas & Electric. Co »1 M
$5,000 P P Branch Ry 63 bonds 126 00
40 Spring Valley Water 95 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
mo Contra Costa Water, s 30 64 00
10 Centra Costa Water, b 15 64 <X)
50 Contra Costa Water 64 60
23 Contra Costa Water 63 75
30 Honokaa S Co .• ». 32 124
575 Hutchinson S P Co 2« 374
150 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 75
10 Makawell 4S 374
$4,000 Oakland Transit Co 6a 113 00
$5,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 113 124
$I.COO Oakland Transit Co 6s 113 25
140 Paauhau S P Co 30 C)
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 fO
$4,000 S P Branch Ry 63 bonds 126 00
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 119 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 95 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morninjr Session.
Board —
S(V) Anaconda 53
75 Barker Ranch 1 IS
23 Caribou 70
100 Home Oil 3 60
Afternoon Session.
l.V> Anaconda ../. 55
100 Barker Ranch 115
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: .
Morning Session
500 Alpha Con 05; IPO Con Cal <fe Va-.l 65
ifiO Best & Belcher Sfii !C0 frown Point... 2f»
K<| Caledonia 1 25] CM Ophir 84
2"0 Caledonia 1 JO 1 T.ihp Overman 2%.
100 Caledonia 135 3'» Utah 03
Afternoon Session.
330 Caledonia 115, 800 Sec Belcher fS
150 fonflilence 821 2>» Sierra Nevada. 55
3M Gould & Curry 21 ; iw Silver Hill 14
400 Mexican 25! 5O Union Con IS
400 Ophir S3 3 Yellow Jacket. IS
**00 Poto^i .. . HI
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session
1100 Alta ...f
2f« Andes 13,
300 Rest & Belcher 3<i: :
300 Chollar 19
100 Con Cal & VI 62U
200 Cor. Cal & Va..l 65
fO Confidence 83! :
200 Crown Point... 22 j i
50 Hale & Xorc... 251 :
300 Mexican 23
2>X> Mexican 24
:oo overman 2>5
200 Overman 25
4<W Savage 15
300 Sierra Nevada. 06
200 Utah 09
500 Yellow Jacket. IS
200 Syndicate 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 13
300 Best & Belcher 36
400 Challenge Con.. 24
650 Con Cal & V.I 624
200 Confidence. S2
2011 Crown Point... 22
700 Gould & Curry 21
•>ou *_»pnir
40) Potosi 19
200 Sierra Nevada. 55
500 Union Con 15
300 Utah 11
400 Yellow Jacket. 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask
Alpha 04 05
Alta OS 10
Andes 12 13
Belcher 32- 34
Best & Belcher 34 36
Bullion 03 <H
Caledonia 1 10 1 20
Chollar 17 19
Challenge Con.. 22 24
Confidence &1 S3
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 63
Con Imperial... 01 02
Con New York 02 ' —
Crown Point... 22 23
Exchequer '. 02 04
Gould & Curry 20 21
Hale & Norc... 25 27
Kentuck 01 02
Lady Wash .... 05 —
Mexlran 25 29
Occidental 12 H
Ophir SS S7
Overman 23 24
Potosi 19 2fl
Sava** 15 If
Scorpion — 0"
Seg Belcher.... 04 a'
Sierra Nevada. 54 56
Silver Hill 13 13
St Louis — 1;
Standard 305 —
Syndicate 09 11
Union Con IS 19
Utah 11 12
Julia ....; — 03
Justice 07 C 8
Yellow Jacket. IS 17
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. C. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
April 2. 13C0.
The time ball on the tcwer of the new Ferry
building wa* dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKXXS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 9. N.. In charge.
SUz'cr and financial quotations unchanged.
Moderate trading in local securities.
Wheat and Barley quiet and steady. '
Oats, Corn and Rye inactive. -
Hay and Feedstuff s undisturbed by the rain.
Beans firmly held at previous prices.
Sharp advance in Onions. Potatoes unchanged.
Butter zi'cakcr and Eggs firmer. Cheese unf hanged.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry in. Game out of favor.
Limes lower. Oranges and Lenwns unchanged.
Provisions firm and fairly active.
Hides steady. Wool and Hops dull.
Beef and Veal steady. Mutton weaker arui Pork firm.
Lumber easier and quieter, with larger stocks.
£g*g A €s no irex & Pac 2ds 66
ri . £ h A 2d5....1(15H Union Pacific 45. ...10";
"*T C 5s no Wabash lsts 117' i
H 4, T(_ con C 5..110 Wabash 2ds 101
!- w * C i nt lsts 114 West Shore 4s 114>i
X C P & G lsts tr. 74S Wis Cent lsts H3
L;t new cons 45.. ?I<>7\ ,\- a Centuries 89
t* & n N l , nl <» i'* s *|Va deferred 9tf
f°F% c * s S4S,C & S 4s 85
M X & T 2ds 69^1
MINING STOCKS, / V
:: ] hnllar IS I Ontario S 50
rown Point Ge^phir SO
Con. Cal & Va 1.50 Plymouth 11
Deadwood Uo 'Quicksilver 1 75
Bould i- Curry.... IS ; Quicksilver prefd.. SOO
Hale & Norcrusa... 22|Sferra Nevada 50
Monies-take 50 00 .Standard 3 1.1
Iron Silver 63 ' Union C«n IS
Uex| ca-n 22 Yellow Jacket .... 13
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 5S?i
Call loans 3%<JN Union Land 3
Time loans 4 @5 West End 93
Stocks— wis Central 19
A T & S F 2 1 !** Bonds—
A T& S F prefd.. 73 Atchison 4s 99^
American Sugar.. . los'i ;N E GasACoke 55.. 71
Am Sugar prefd.. ..los I Mining Shares-
Hell Telephone 310 (Adventure $'4
Boston «i Albany.. 24s Allouez Mln C 0.... 24
Hostcn A Maine. ..l 94 JAmalg Copper 964
Thgo, Bur & Q 132H (Atlantic 26>-i
Dominion Coal ... 4S=;|Boston & Mont 325
Horn Coal prefd. ...115 !Butte & Boston... 7S
Federal Steel 53Ui"alumet & Hecla..7S3
Fed Steel prefd.... 75 [Centennial 24* i
Fitchburg prefd ..132 j Franklin 16
General Electric... 130 'Osceola 74
Gen Elec prefd.. ..135 Qulncy 137
Ed Elec 111.. 205 Santa Fe Copptr.. 7
Mexican Central... 13 T i Tamarack 195
N E Gas & Coke.. 204! Utah Mining 36
Did Dominion 22* i IWlnona s*j
Rubber 32 :Wolverlnes 42
Nezv York Moncv Market.
XEW YORK, April 2.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at 3Vi?TS per cent; last loan, 4 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 4U@ l 5 I i per cent. Sterl
ing exchange firm, with actual business In
hankers' bills at $4 S6U for demand and at
$4 S2-\ for 60 days: posted rates, $4 S3V- and
$4 S7: commercial bills. $4 S2V»S4 S2»;. Silver
certificates, eo^-jsn.c; bar silver. 5S"S>c; Mexi
can dollars. 47-\c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds, strong; railroad bonds, strong.
London Market.
NEW TORK. Arril 2— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market here opened quiet and steady,
consols beginning dull on the Bloemfonteln
reverses and recovered later on easier money.
Americans were active and good. London Is
bullish on Atchi=or.s and Union and Northern
I'.-icincs. New York became a buyer of Union
Pacific ami Wabash, lifting the list. After
ward New York li?can to sell, causing frac
tional sagging, although the undertone was
excellent. Coppers were active and strong.
Paris spurted Tintos to TiS'j. London wanted
Anacondas, raising them to ll?s bid. New
York advanced Bostons. Utahs and Avtnos.
The fortnightly statistics show supplies up
1117 tons. The Bank of England lost £29.000
gold to Roumanla. £SO<lo in bars was bought.
Money was easier on the turn of the quarter.
Bills were scarce. The exchange will be clcs?d
from the afternoon of April 12 to the morning
of April 17, for Easter.
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific. 100; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 79^i: Northern Pacific, 79H: Atchlson.
30S: Louisville. S9 1*:1 *: Grand Trunk, SH: Ana
conda, 11U- Bar silver steady at 27Vsd per
ounce.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balance In the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve shows
an available cash balance of $156,7^2,935; gold,
$'J?, 338,064.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tne> early morntng tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on ths
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
ar.d t»<en the number iriven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane ot
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 63@664c;
No. 2 red. 69$T70c; No. 2 corn. 3%%il3i>~'aC; No. 2
oats, 24H24\c; No. 2 white. 2"H®2Sc; No. 3
white. 27©'27Hc; No. 2 rj'e. 55c; No. 2 barley,
40(543c; No. 'l flax seed. $1 65; prime timothy
seed. $2 35Q2 40: mess pork, per bbl. $12 13<3>
12 SO; lard, per jno lbs. $6 334(6 50; short ribs
Fides (100.-c), J6 55Jf6 80: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6Vi<?6',2c; short clear sides (boxed),
$t! SCfi7; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gal, $1 25; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '.'tj.OiKl 46.000
Whrat. bushels 65.000 07,000
Corn, bushels 3<!5.0n0 204.000
Oats, tushfls 2GO.W>O 221.000
Rye. bushels 19,(X«
Barley, bushels 55.000 12,00")
Beans and Seeds.
No further change In Beans is reported, but
the market is firm, with light stocks.
BEANS— Bayos. $3<g3 25; small Wh!te,,s3 25@
3 50; large White, $3 2003 25; Pinks. $2@2 85;
nReds, $3 50 3 75; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters, nor-
inal; Lima, $5 23; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 5054.
SEEPS— Brown Mustard, nominal;' Yellow
Mustard. 4Vi@4^c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3V£c per Ib for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9'^lOc; Rape, 2V4'S3c; Hemp, 4@4Vsc;
Timothy, 404^c.
DRIED PEAS— Nilee. $1 90g2 25; Green, $1 9C
®2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions have advanced sharply. Sweet Pota
toes ere weaker.
Asparagus came in heavily again and was
lower. Otherwise Vegetables stood about the
same.
Receipts were 1851 boxes Asparagus. 43S boxes
Rhubarb. 510 sacks Peas and 200 sacks New Po
tatoes.
I'OTATOES— EarIy Rose. Gs®7sc: River Reds,
nominal: Burbanks. 10Q€5c per sack: Oregon
Burbanks. Gocgjftl; Sweet Potatoes, $2^?2 25 for
Mrrced; NfW Potatoes, 1(52c.
ONIONS— S2 73rg 3 25 per ctl; Cut Onions,
$K/1 SO,
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 65cif$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, 75c(5'$l per box for No. 2 and $1 2.">
(fil 30 for No 1 and $1 73ft2 for fancy large; Green
Peas, $1(?1 73 per sack; String Reans. s®Sc:
Cabbage, 40<S5uc; Tomatoes, $1 50@2 25; Kgg
Plant from Los Angeles SfflOc: Dried Okra,
32<^c per lb; Garlic, 2 l £' f T3 l .4c; Green Peppers
from Los Angeles, 15@20o; Dried Peppers. S@
10c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash, Ssc(gsl 25 per box; Cucumbers, JOe
®$1 30 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The week started in with four cars of Eastern
Poultry, and more are to follow. Prices are
not over firm. Game is out of favor and
weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, SSlOc for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $2@2 25:
GoKllngs. $2 50@3; Ducks. $4 SUSf3 50 for old and
$4 50® 5 50 for young: Hens. $3 Eo@3; Young
Roosters. $6@7; Old Roosters, $3 5004: Fryers,
$3 50: Broilers, $4'ds for large and $3®3 50 for
email; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen for old and
{2'(i2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1: Rabbits, $1!S1 25: Gray
Geese. $2; White, 50c; Brant, 73c@$l 50; Honk
ers. $3 per dozen; English Snipe, $2 50; Jack
Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Cheese Is a fraction lower. Eggs rule firm
as a general thing, though now and then a
dealer Is found who Is weak. Butter Is off
again, receipts yesterday being large.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17S18c; seconds,
16V;C.
Dairy— Fancy. 16@16}Ac; good to choice. 15@
la'-rc: common. He.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 7Vi<3Sc; old. 7c:
Young America, gAtfgttc; Eastern, uitfl6c; West
ern 13HQ16C per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12'-i@l3c for store and U®
13c ;er dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Strawberries were smaller, as
usual on Monday.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned &s fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $3 '.5; choica Navels,
$1 Ss®2 50; standard, $1 10-gl 60; Seedlings, $1®
Blackberries appeared from Covina and
brought $3 50 per crate.
DECIDLOUb FRLITS—
APPLES— 7Sg9Cc per box for common. $19
1 60 tor good to choice nnd $1 75W2 for fancy
STRAWBERRIES— JS©S per chest for large
and $15ti20 for small berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 5002 75
per box: Seedlings. 75cjr$l 50: Lemons. $I@l 50
for common and $2{?2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $0 50(36; California Limes. 50@
75c; Bananas. $I(Q2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$4@5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4®4He for
40-50's, 3*;<3<e for 50-60's. 3Hc for 60-70's. 3%c
for 70-SO's. 3g3Vic for 80-9O's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, ll@l2^c for Royals, VH^lac
for Moorparks and 12@'13V4c for Blenheims;
Peaches. sH<g6c for Standards. 6H@6\c for
choice and 7@Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10©
12*4 c: Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. 5®
s^c per lb; Nectarines, SQ9c: Pears. 3HW4HC
for dark and "QSc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2®2V4c; White Figs, 2ig3c; Bleached
Plums, B© 9c; unbleached Plums, 7@7i4c for
pitted and Hjc for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, B>*c; choice. 7V4c; standard. 6Vjc;
prime, sc: unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
60-lb bSxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crown. 6>^c: 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— Walnuts. S@9c for standards and
94jT10c for softshells; Almonds. 11*2^120 for
paper shell. 9gloc for soft and 435 c for hard
Fhell; Peanuts, |p4WS s ic for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7V4??Sc; Filberts,
12irl2Vic: Pecans, ll®13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb, HHSI2c for bright and 10">i9
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
"Xc; light amber extracted. VAfil^c; dark.
sVi©6c- per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lO^c per lb for
heavy, 10Uc for light medium, ll^jc for light,
12 ! ,£c for extra light and 13Hc for sugar-curea:
Eastern sugar-cured H3ms, 13c: M^ss Beef, $12
per bbl; extra Mess, $1"; Family, $14; extra
Prime Pork. $14 50; extra clear, $17 50; Mess
$16 60: Smoked Beef, 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7{JSc per lb for
compound and SfgS'^c for pure: h.ili'-barrels,
pure, S*4c; 10-lb tins, 9Vic; 5-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. SfcSVic per lb; 10-lb
tins, »V»c,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are steady at unchanged prices, save
In one or two cases. Wool and Hops are dull.
HIDES AND SICINS-^-Culla and brands .-ell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Stetrs.
10c; medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides. 9c
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 9H@loc;
L)r> Hides, sound. Ike; culls ar.u brands, lio-
Dry Kip and Veal, l«c; Dry Calf, 19c: Sheep
skins, shearlings, 155530 c euch; short Wool, ZjQ
60c each; medium, 70>fi3Oc; long Wool, $lffl 25
each; Horse Hides, $2 25*52 73 for large and 73c
@$1 75 for small; Colts, 25@30c. Deer Skins—
Hummer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium i-kins,
35c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins-
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s@'s«.c ;>er lb; No
2, 4®4iic: refined. 6Hc; grease, 2k33c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, . 16'g'lSc: Northern defective, V.'it
16c; Middle County free. 15317 c; Middle
County defective, 131(l5c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12@14c; do free. 7 months'. I2slSc;
do defective, 7 months'. 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 20®23c; Nevada. 16®lSc p^ T lb>
HOPS^-6M:@loc p«r lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mutton Is a fraction easier. Beef, Veal and
Lamb stand the same. Hogs are stiff at the
advance already noted.
IiEEK — b>«sa7e p«^r lb for fair to choice.
VF3Al^*B9r P**r ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Sc; ewes, 64@7c per
LAMH— Srirlnr <>CTI<V per lb. '
lORK— Live Hogs, s"*? for small nnd medium
and r.H@s?io for large: stocic Hogs and feed
ers, sV«(§s%c; dressed Hoj,-s, ?©SVic
General Merchandise.
. BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6Vi@6^c; Wool Bags. 234@324c;
Fleece Twine. 7140.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle.
$6 50; Bryant, JS "0; Coos Bay, $.">: Wallsend'
$S; Co-operative. Wallsend, *S; Scotch, ;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 "5 In sacks
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks.
hIoAR- The Western Sugar Refining com
pany quotes, per Ib-ln IGO-Ib bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60; Powdered,
5.«0c; Candy Granulated. 5.20 c; Dry Granulated.
5.10 c; Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c"
Extra C, 4.60 c: Golden C. 4.50 c; barrels. 10c
more: half-barrels, 23c more: boxes, 50c more
fO-lb bass. 10c more. - No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos
half-barrels, 5.85 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, APRIL 2.
Flour, qr sks.... 16.20.". 'Lime, bbls 135
Wheat, ctls 2.1?0 Raisins, bxs 1 4SO
Barley, ctls 3,2% Quicksilver, flsks 'ii)r>
Corn, East. ctls.. 600 Sugar, bbls 127
Corn, ctls 1.7C0 {Iran, sks 2,800
Rye. ctls 243 Leather, rolls ... 34
Butter, ctls 4SO Hides, No ....... 43s
Cheese, ctls 10S Pelts, bndls 504
Tallow, ctls 212 Eggs, doz 2L4?0
Beans, sks ... . 721|VVool, bags 556
Potatoes, sks 1,830 Straw, tons ...... is
Middlings, sks .. • l.onoiHay. tons 35s
Sugar, sks 2.0)0h Wine, gals 37,700
Securities were quiet on the morning session.
There was a sharp decline in Contra Costa
Water fto $63. and a slight advance in Giant
Powder to $S7 25.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE STOCK MARKET
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS
Foreign Futures.
ARRIVED.
Monday. April 2.
Ftmi Grace Dollar. Fosen. 84 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Noyo. Fosen. 17 hours from Fort Bragg.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 17 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 23 hours from
Cresent City.
Stmr Newburg, Hensen, 37 hours from San
Fe.lro.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 88 hours from
Br stmr Warfleld. Pattie. 4 days fronx Oy«
ter Harbor.
Br ship Indore. Parry. 138 days from Uver
pool.
Br ship Oranasoa, Greig. 147 days from Ham
burg.
Bktn Planter. McNeill, 16 days from Lahatna.
Srhr Archie & Fontle, Skipper. 40 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Schr ImDosslble, Low. 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Undberg. 10 hours
from Fort Bragg.
CLEARED.
Monday. April 2.
Stmr State* of California. Gage. Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
¦ Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Pr ship Reliance. Robinson, Queenstown; Ep
rfnrer & Co.
Br shin Balasore. Lloyd. Queenstown; Bal
four. Guthrie & Co.
Bark Prussia, Jensen, Cooks Inlet; Alaska
Packers' A»soc!ation.
Bktn Fremont. Kelton, Unga; Lyr.de &
Houch Co.
SAILED
Monday. A»rll 2.
Stmr Jennie. Esser. Cooks Inlet.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. Bihlers Point.
Srhr J Epplnser, Nyman. Timber Cove.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Bowens Landing:.
SPOKEN
Per Br whip Indore — On Feb 12. In lat 31 50
S, lon 00 17. Br bark LinJen. from Iqulque, for
(^upenstovrn.
Jan ZK Ut 18 S. l^n ."U W— Ship Iroquols. from
New York, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Xoyo — On April 1. 5:15 p m. about
4 mi!es from fireenwootl. picked up a, boat be
longing to Bt scaling schr Geneva, with three
men. named Arthur Griffin. Charles Thorn and
Campbell. The men left the Geneva on
March 31, at 7 a m. about 3') miles off shore
to hunt s«»als and became lest in th« tog.
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDON, April 2-Fr bark Eugenic Fautrel.
from Swansea, for San Francisco, previously
reported at Buenos Ayres, has been examined
by Ulvers. Has been surveyed by surveyor of
Lloyds. The vessel can be repaired temporar
ily to complete voyage.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS. April 2. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 14 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PAN DlEGO— Sailed Auril I— Schr Sequoia,
for Port Townsend.
COQUILLE RlVER— Arrived April I— Schr
Lizzie Pr'.i-n. hence March 15.
PORT HADLWK- Arrived April 2— Bktn Re
triever, hence March 17.
PORT TOWNSEJTD— Arrtred April »-Schr
John D Tallant, from Hllo; scbr Lena Swea
*ey, from San Bias, and proceeded to Port
Gamble; srhr Joseph Russ, from Olymola. for
Salinas Cruz: schr Annie M Campbell, frcnx
Honolulu.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived April 2— Schr W F
Jewott. hence March II; schr North Bend hnc
March 23: «eh» «_;til.l». hence March 23
PORT OAMDI-E- Arrived Aurtl Z— Schr Lena
Swrasey. from Port Townsend.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived April I—Schr1 — Schr Vo
lant, hence March 23: schr Neptune, henca
March 22: schr Jennie Stella, from Pan Pedro.
SKATTLE-Falled April 1-Stmr Willamette,
for San Francisco.
Arrived April I— Stmr City of Seattla. from
Skaguay. April 2— Br bark Inverclyde^ from
Taonma..
EUREKA— Arrived April 2— Stmr Brunswick,
hence April 1; stmr Sarci'">a. hence April 1; schr
Mary Podge, henr-» March 24.
Passed April 2. 9 a m. bound south— Tuff with
barge of lumber in tow.
.SAX PEDRO— Sailed April I— Schr Louise, far
Urapqua.
Arrived April 2— Etmr Luella. from. Eureka
COOS BAT— Arrived Arrll 2— Stmr Arcata!
hence March 31; schr Joseph £fnd Henry. henc9
March 27.
NEWt-ORT— Sailed Acrll 2— Stmr Alcatras.
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN* PORT 3
LONDON— Arrived April I— ShlD Arthur Se
wall. hence Nov 25.
BRISBANE— Armed April I— Br stair Aoran
gi. from Vancouver.
ACAFITLCO— Sated April I— Stmr City of
Para, for Pan Frnndspn.
KINSALE— Pa-»ed April 2— Oer nh!j> Arthur
Fitgror. hence P->c 3. for Queer.stown.
QUEEXSTOWX— Arrived April I— Ft bark
Genevieve Moltnod. hence Nov D; Ger bark
Xtot-e. from Oregon. April 2— Br ship Arctic
Stream, from Oregon; Br ship Fulwood, from
Oregon: Br ?^p Lord Calms, hence Dec 18.
SHANGHAI— PaIIed April I— Br ship Dov
enhv Hall, tor Portland. Or.
CHEMAIN'I'S— SaiIed April 3— Bktn TFrest'.er
for MelN-irne.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1900.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION THIS DAY (Tnesday),April 3.
£s> £?> jfc?s
At 11 o'clock at Ormonde Stable. 1315 Mission
street, between Eleventh and Twelfth, of 1 Car
of Choice Horses, suitable for all purposes; also
1 Top Road Buggy. Gentle Mare and Harness.
All Horses Guaranteed as Represented.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
N. B — If you want the handsomest pony tn
California It will be gold at this sale. Gentle
for children.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide 1» the same at both places.
TUESDAY. APRIL J.
i: t
8
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
State of Cal Portland Apr. 3. lo ara'pier '»
Corona .... San Diego.. Apr. 3. 11 amjPlerll
Ituth Puget Sound.. Apr. 3. 10 am'Pkr 2
Australia ..(Honolulu Apr. 4. Ipmipur 7
Pomona — IHumboldt Apr. -4, 2pm'P'er 9
Bonlta |Newport |Apr. 5. SamUierll
City PueblalVic & Pet Sd.iApr. ». l<i Rtnjlier i»
Del .Norte.. (Oregon Ports. [Apr. 6. S am'l'ler 20
Aloha .Crescent City.|Apr. 6. 3pm Pier *
Santa Kusa^an Diego Apr. 7, H «n-.,l'k>r ll
China [China & Japan Apr. 7. 1 pniIPMSS
Curacao ... Mexico Apr. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I Apr. 7 2 raiiPier I
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Apr. 7.12 mjPier 13
Columbia ..(Portland Apr. ?. 10 am! Pier *l
Coquille Rv'fJrays Harbor Apr. X •
Samoa IHumboldt lApr. 8. lPamlPier 13
North Fork Humboldt JApr. 9 \.
City Sydney Panama (Apr. 9, U itijPMS.s"
Coos Bay.. Newport lAur. 9. SamlPterii
Steamer. ) From. | Due.
Walla TN'alla... ! Victoria & Puget Sound' Apr. 3
Mackinaw 'Seattle '.Apr. 3
11. r.ltH ].\rW(.urt A|JI. A
Tltanla Xanalmo Apr. 3
Del Norte [Oregon Ports Apr. 3
Laguna iTiliumook Apr. 3
South Portland -Oyster Harbor Apr. 3
Aberdeen [Portland Apr. 3
Willamette ....ISeattle Apr t
Point Arena.... jPoint Arena Apr. 5
Arcata iCoos Bay Apr. 5
Columbia (Portland, Apr. i
Santa Rosa |San Diego Apr. 5
Coqutlle River. :Grays Harbor Apr 5
Aloha Crescent City |Apr". 5
Samoa iHumholdt !Arr «
North Fork jHumboldt Apr. 6
Moana Sjrdnrv ; 'Apr 6
Kmplre I Coos Bay Apr. 6
Pomona .San Diego Apr' 7
Tellus lOys>ter Harbor Apr' 7
Matteawan .Tacoma Apr' 7
Progreso |Tacoma ...JApr.' 7
Doric IChina and Japan tAur* I
City of Para — |Panama -Xpr 7
Orlnaba Newport |Apr* 7
Umatilla Vlrtoria <& Puget Sound' Apr" 7
Corona San Dlepo tApr' 9
Crescent City. . . (Crescent City Anr" 9
State ot Cal....lPortland. "iApr! 10
Sun rises ...
Pun sets ....
.5:53
.8:34
Moon sets ..
n-.u p.
O ITimei
IXI
imet
I Time!
Ft -
Ft.
Ft.
| Ft.
*•
, W
H Wl
[L -W
__. l_
» ... l:tt
4 ... 2:01
•'. ... 3.521
« ... 3:56'
7 ... 5:OS]
i. xr \
I
;..s i
5.6 I
5.2' II
4.9 1
4.<! i:
H
3:101-
»:09!
tO:ls[
ri:is!
12:1*»!
r w
-4.2
: 0.0
! 0.31
O.Si
0.7
r
!_
3:ul
4:20
t s:«>
i 8:33!
' 7:2S|
*M 7:42 1
4.3| 5:43
' 4.3 9:59
' 4.4 11: IS
4.5! I.
jH W
i
i 3.J
I 3.2
SSTi
«:25!
T:ST!
4.8
4.4!
! 1:54!
O.S! «:lt'
1.1 l S:43[
4.n
5.»
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
State of Cal Portland Apr. 3. lo ara'pier '»
Corona .... San Diego.. Apr. 3. 11 amjPlerll
Ituth Puget Sound.. Apr. 3. 10 am'Pkr 2
Australia ..(Honolulu Apr. 4. Ipmipur 7
Pomona — IHumboldt Apr. -4, 2pm'P'er 9
Bonlta |Newport |Apr. 5. SamUierll
City PueblalVic & Pet Sd.iApr. ». l<i Rtnjlier i»
Del .Norte.. (Oregon Ports. [Apr. 6. S am'l'ler 20
Aloha .Crescent City.|Apr. 6. 3pm Pier *
Santa Kusa^an Diego Apr. 7, H «n-.,l'k>r ll
China [China & Japan Apr. 7. 1 pniIPMSS
Curacao ... Mexico Apr. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. I Apr. 7 2 raiiPier I
Arcata ..... Coos Bay Apr. 7.12 mjPier 13
Columbia ..(Portland Apr. ?. 10 am! Pier *l
Coquille Rv'fJrays Harbor Apr. X •
Samoa IHumboldt lApr. 8. lPamlPier 13
North Fork Humboldt JApr. 9 \.
City Sydney Panama (Apr. 9, U itijPMS.s"
Coos Bay.. Newport lAur. 9. SamlPterii
Steamer. ) From. | Due.
Walla TN'alla... ! Victoria & Puget Sound' Apr. 3
Mackinaw 'Seattle '.Apr. 3
11. r.ltH ].\rW(.urt A|JI. A
Tltanla Xanalmo Apr. 3
Del Norte [Oregon Ports Apr. 3
Laguna iTiliumook Apr. 3
South Portland -Oyster Harbor Apr. 3
Aberdeen [Portland Apr. 3
Willamette ....ISeattle Apr t
Point Arena.... jPoint Arena Apr. 5
Arcata iCoos Bay Apr. 5
Columbia (Portland, Apr. i
Santa Rosa |San Diego Apr. 5
Coqutlle River. :Grays Harbor Apr 5
Aloha Crescent City |Apr". 5
Samoa iHumholdt !Arr «
North Fork jHumboldt Apr. 6
Moana Sjrdnrv ; 'Apr 6
Kmplre I Coos Bay Apr. 6
Pomona .San Diego Apr' 7
Tellus lOys>ter Harbor Apr' 7
Matteawan .Tacoma Apr' 7
Progreso |Tacoma ...JApr.' 7
Doric IChina and Japan tAur* I
City of Para — |Panama -Xpr 7
Orlnaba Newport |Apr* 7
Umatilla Vlrtoria <& Puget Sound' Apr" 7
Corona San Dlepo tApr' 9
Crescent City. . . (Crescent City Anr" 9
State ot Cal....lPortland. "iApr! 10
Sun rises ...
Pun sets ....
.5:53
.8:34
Moon sets ..
n-.u p.
O ITimei
IXI
imet
I Time!
Ft -
Ft.
Ft.
| Ft.
*•
, W
H Wl
[L -W
__. l_
» ... l:tt
4 ... 2:01
•'. ... 3.521
« ... 3:56'
7 ... 5:OS]
i. xr \
I
;..s i
5.6 I
5.2' II
4.9 1
4.<! i:
H
3:101-
»:09!
tO:ls[
ri:is!
12:1*»!
r w
-4.2
: 0.0
! 0.31
O.Si
0.7
r
!_
3:ul
4:20
t s:«>
i 8:33!
' 7:2S|
*M 7:42 1
4.3| 5:43
' 4.3 9:59
' 4.4 11: IS
4.5! I.
jH W
i
i 3.J
I 3.2
SSTi
«:25!
T:ST!
4.8
4.4!
! 1:54!
O.S! «:lt'
1.1 l S:43[
4.n
5.»OCTOGENARIAN ACTRESS
WILL WELCOME FRIENDS
GRAND LODGE SESSION
OF THE DEGREE OF HONOR
Bepresentatives From Sixty Subordi-
nates Will Assemhle Here
This Week.
The Grand Lodge of the Degree of
Honor will assemble In annual session in
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing to-morrow for the transaction of
such busineus as may come before
it. There will be In attendance represent
atives from sixty lodges in this State,
who will represent about 2SOO members.
The reports to be presented will show a
remarkable increase since the previously
held session, both in membership and
finance. During that period fourteen new
lodges were instituted.
Mrs Florence Nay of Fresno, the grand
lady of honor, is in line of promotion for
the highest office, that of grand chief of
honor, which office Is now filled by Mrs.
Viola S. Norman. Mlsa Loretta *. IJon
elly who was appointed grand recorder
upon the death of Mrs. Kate F. Poland,
¦will be a candidate to be continued in
that office. There Is some talk of placing
a candidate in opposition to her for tnat
office. For the other grand offices there
will be a number of candidates.
There are but few changes to be made
in the lavs s of the order, but the most Ira-
Dortant subject that will be brought be
fore the Grand Lodge will be that of hold
ing biennial instead of annual sessions.
The argument that will be advanced In
favor of meeting but once in two years
will be the saving of mileage and other
expenses connected with the annual ses
sions. It being claimed that experience
teaches that there is no occasion for a
b The following named are the represent
atives, who. together with the grand of
ficers, will legislate for the order:
Lodce No. I— Mrs. Sara M. Steele, Oakland.
No 2— Mrs. May Pearson. Oakland.
No' 2— Mrs Minnie Hollis. San Francisco.
Xo' 4— Mrs. Lizzie Wilkinson. Mrs. Emma
Garrison and Mr». Eva Cogan. Oakland.
j; o 6— Mrs. Minnie Bacon, San Jose. ¦
No! 11— Mrs. A. Hubert. Sacramento.
No 17-Mrs. Mary Snyder, Grass \ alley.
No' 33— Mm. Sophie Schroeder, Alameda.
No 34-Mrs. eophia Stuhr. Los Angeles.
No. 2&-Mrs. Grace Plckford and Mm. E. M.
Crosirr.an. Fresno.
No 40— Mrs. Jennie Wardall. Duarte.
Ko 44— Mrs. Caroline Worth, NeUon.
No' 4i-Mrs. Hattle V. Spauldinir. Colusa.
No' 46— Mrs. Mary E. Randall. Hanford.
No 47— Mrs. Laura M. Porter, Pasadena.
No! 60— Mrs. H. F. Brady. Forest.
No. 51— Mrs. Bertha Heegler, Napa.
No £.3— Mrs. M. K. Harris, Covlna.
No 54— Miss Mildred Nauert, Alvarado.
No 65— Miss Antonla Eknall. Klamathon.
No' 56— Mrs. Mary E. Snoddy. El Monte.
No 68— Mrs. K. Swltrer. Newman.
Vo' 60— Mrs. Laura Reynolds, Los Gatos.
No 63— Mrs. Afrnes Gates.'Santa Cruz.
Vo 64— Mrs. TilUe Moesser, Randsburg.
Vo' 65— Mrs. Elizabeth Isaac. Nevada City.
¦\- 0 66— Mrs. Barbara Fulcher. Lookout.
No' 67— Mrs. Llllie Hill. El Dorado.
No 69— Mrs. Emma Shayer. San Jose.
No' 7J— Mrs. Eliza C. Fetheraton. Willows.
No' 75— Mrs. Anker. Uklah.
No 76— Mrs. Emma Terrlll, Newark.
No 78— Mrs. Susie Shafer, Kern.
Xo 79— Mm. Fannie Grunell. Lakeport.
No' Sl— Miss Kathryn Frlcke, Los Angeles.
No S3— Mrs. Eva D. Aram. Boulder Creek.
No. 84— Mrs. Kittle Clendenin, Hopland.
Xo Ss— Mrs. Catherine Brown. West Berkeley.
Xo'. 86— Mrs. Bonnie Kroeckel, Stockton.
No 87— E. B. Norman, Santa Ana.
Xo. S*— Mrs. Clara Rubles, Gait.
Xo. 89— Mrs. Sara E. Dolbier, East Oakland.
Xo.' 90— Mr?. Ethel M. Owen. Haywards.
No 91— Mrs. Myrtle Cole, Riverside.
No 92— Mrs. Ida Tlce, Gllroy.
No. S3— Mrs. Belle Ramsey, Selma.
No 94— Mrs. Para F. Marx, Etna Mills.
Xo. 65— Mrs. Ella Cole. Pacific Grox-e.
Xo. 6S— Mintle W. Rodjters, Moneta.
Xo. 89— Mrs. G. W. Copies, Folsom.
Xo. 100— Mrs. Flora Crispin, Waterford.
Xo. 101— Mrs. Ida Jones. El Cajon.
No. 102— Miss Sadie Garner. Holllster.
No. 103 — Mrs. May T. Jones, San Diego.
No. 104— Mrs. Elise Klstler, San Leandro.
On the night of the assembling of the
representatives, these and the grand offi
cers will be tendered a reception in Ex
celsior Hall on Mission street by Silvery
Spray Lodge, the only one In this city.
Ab yet no arrangements have been made
for the entertainment of the representa
tives.
and effect on and after its passage, fol
lows:
Section 1. No corporation, firm, individual or
copartnership operating, or which : may here
after operate?, a telephone line, or render tele
r>hcn« service within the city and county of
San Francisco, shall charge or receive any
compensation for any telephone messasrc or
communication, in any instance, before the
telephone number, or party called for, shall
respond to the call of. or on behalf of, the
pers ,n ordering the service.
Sec. 2. Any corporation firm, Individual or
copartnership violating any of the provisions
of thin ord<r shall be deemed guilty of a mis
demeanor and be punished hy a fine not ex
cpedlr.if $300, or Imprisonment not exceeding
three month*, or by both such fine and im
prisonment.
The ordinance declaring the railroad
tracks operated by the Southern Pacific
Company in the Mission a public nuisance
and providing for the abatement of the
same was finally passed, Fontana alone
voting no and Sanderson not present.
The ordinance provides that In the event
of the railroad not filing a written agree
ment within thirty days from to-day to
the effect that it will take up the tracks
before July 1. 1901, then the Board of Pub
lic Works shall proceed to remove them at
the expiration of the thirty days. If the
agreement is filed the work of removal
will not begin until July 1. 1901.
Defeated the College Nine.
The Dan P. Carters, a local baseball
team composed of some of the best ama
teur material in the city, defeated the St.
Mary's College nine at Oakland on Sun
day by a jTore of 9 to 6. The game was
full of interest and replete with nensa
tlonal plays. The victors are desirous of
hearing from the leading amateur teams
on the coast. Challenges should be ad
dressed to 64^ Market street-
NO SWITCH, NO NICKEL.
Telephone Number or Party Called
For Must Answer First.
Supervisor McCarthy, at yesterday's
meeting of the board, reintroduced an
order passed by the last board, but vetoed
by the Mayor for legal reasons, prohibit
ing those renaering telephone service
from charging or receiving any compensa
tion therefor before the telephone num
ber or party called for answers.
The order, which is to be in full force
Fifth Regiment Reorganized.
ALAMEDA, April 2.— Company G of the
Fifth Regiment. National Guard, which
was a portion of the Eighth Regiment In
war time?, reorganized to-night by the
election of the following officers: Captain,
George H. Wethern: first lieutenant, Syd
ney Marshall; second lieutenant, Ed Mc-
Donald. Captain M. W. Simpson, who led
the boys while in the Eighth Regiment,
resigned.
COMPLAINT AGAINST
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
A formal complaint has been filed with
the Railroad Commissioners against the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company by
John C. Moore of Fresno, charging that
the railroad company, on March 22, ad
vanced first-class fares from San Fran
cisco to Los Angeles and intermediate
points without the consent of the Rail
road Commission, and therefore contrary
to law. The complaint was made out In
Fresno last Friday and sworn to before
Notary Public W. R. Price and was filed
with the commission yesterday.
Under the Jaw the Southern Pacific
Company has fifteen days In which to
make answer to the complaint. The
commissioners will hold a regular meet-
Ing next Monday, and it Is likely -that
the matter (will come up for general dis
cussion. SEBt
OPENING OF RACING
SEASON AT THE EAST
Boney Boy Outfoots Charentus and
Imp in the Benning-s Spring
Handicap.
WASHINGTON. April 2.-The Eastern
racing season of 1500 opened to-day when
the Washington Jockey Club began a two
wrecks' meeting at the Bennings track.
The track was In good condition. Clar
ence McDowell was the presiding Judge
and Mar? Cassidy starter. Lovelorn fell
Jn the Fteeplechase and wm cut badly on
the foreleg. Ca.«on, his rider, was carried
off the field. Results:
For thrfe-year-old* and upward, six , fur
long* — G>-r,errtl Mart G«xy wen. Cupidity' sec
ond. Sidney Lur&g third. Time. I:J7.
Artlln«ton »ur»«\ tVO. half mll^— Fake won.
Connie «ecnnd. Light Ball third. Time, :51^.
£teep!ecs.a**, about two ml!f»- Cosmopolitan
« r a. Emory M^ond. Tim*, 4:K. Lovelorn fell
cr.« Tunnr threw hf* rider.
Bezmint* sprlnjt handicap, clx furlongs—
YOUNG WIFE SUCCUMBS
AFTER LONG ILLNESS
OAKLAND. April 2— Mrs. Sadie A.
Brinckerhoff, wife of Dr. G. Erwin
Brinckerhoff, died this morning at her
residence, 5*2 Albion street. Mrs. Brinck
erhoff had been sick for several months.
She was 23 years of age and two children
and her husband survive her. The funeral
will be held on Wednesday afternoon at
2 o'clock from the First Presbyterian
Church. Rev. R. F. Coyle will officiate.
CONTESTANTS TO AGREE
UPON A SINGLE ROUTE
OAKLAND. April 2.— The fight over, the
franchise for an electric road from Point
Richmond to the Alameda County line has
been settled to pome extent. The contest
ing parties will agree upon a route, which
the Contra Costa Supervisors will
be asked to advertise for and for which
earn side will bid. The matter at Mar
tinez to-day took the shape only of a con
tinuance until April 21. but statements
are made here that a route will be agreed
upon and the contest will then proceed
upon those lines.
PARTY OF ENGINEERS
ARRIVE ON A JUNKET
New York Central Locomotive Driv
ers and Their Families Making
a Tour of the Country.
A special vestlbuled train carrying a
number of New York Central Railroad
Company engineers and their families ar
rived late yesterday afternoon at the Oak
land mole, and an hour later the excur
sionists were safely housed at the St.
Nicholas Hotel and Russ House and at
private houses. There are 140 people In
the party, and they are out for a good
time. The directors of the New York
Central Railroad gave the engineers a
month's holiday, gave them a train made
up of sleeping and dining cars and made
arrangements with the several roads over
which they were to travel to haul the
train. The only expense to the excur
sionists ts the cost of their board en route
The party left Buffalo, N. V.. on March"
20. ana proceeded first to New Orleans
and then over the Santa Fe to Los An
geles. At each terminal point they were
royally entertained by brotherhood peo
ple and special excursions to local points
of Interest got up for them. They saw
everything there was to be seen and have
had a fine time.
The excursionists will remain here four
days and then proceed eastward to Og
den and over the Rio Grande to Denver,
visiting Chicago on their way home. The
local brotherhood has taken the visitors
In hand. Last night reception committees
called at the various hotels and took the
Easterners out to see the sights. To-day
there will be an excursion on the bay and
a general good time. There will be a
general reception later and more side ex
cursions.
MELROSE SCHOOL BONDS
PRONOUNCED INVALID
OAKLAND. April 2.— District Attorney
Allen to-day reported to the Board of Su
pervisors that the Melrose School bonds
recently voted w*>re illegal because of a
fine in the proceedings. He said there
were several informalities in the proceed
ings", but the most fatal was that proper
notice had not been given of the election.
The Melrose School District voted $15,000
In bonds to rebuild the schoolhouse that
was ruined by the powder works explo
elon about two years ago. Three . times
has this district tried to issue these bonds
and three times has it failed for different
reasons.
SHELDON CRITICIZED
BY TOPEKA PREACHERS
Say That He Made Neither a News
paper Nor a Religious Journal of
the Capital.
Special Dtscatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kan.. April 2.— The ministers
of Topeka took a fall out of Rev. Charles
M. Sheldon to-day. The occasion was the
regular meeting of the Ministerial Union,
and the subject of discussion the recent
"Christian Daily" experiment/ About two
dozen ministers were present. With but
one exception all agreed that the experi
ment had been a failure, the consensus of
opinion being that Rev. Mr. Sheldon had
not only failed to make a good newspaper
out-of the Topeka Capital, but that he did
not even succeed In making It an up-to
date religious Journal. Dean John W.
Sykes of the Episcopal church declared
Rev. Sheldon had made a grave mistake
when he presumed to edit a newspaper
"as Jesus would." or in presuming to be
a Judge of what Jesus would have done or
said.
After nearly every minister present had
taken a ehot at him Rev. Mr. Sheldon
arose, stated he did not care to discuss his
experiment at this time, but would do so
In a lecture which Is now in course of
preparation. ; -¦ - •
BOULEVARD NOW ASSURED.
Judge Angellotti Sustains the De
murrer to Burbanks' Complaint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 2.— ln sustaining
the demurrer to Theodore W. Burbanks
Brothers' complaint asking for an injunc
tion to prohibit further work on the Tl
buron Boulevard, Judge Angellotti has
finally decided the matter which has been
fought over by Sausallto and San Rafael
in favor of the latter.
Theodore W. Burbank petitioned the
court for an order restraining any con
tracts for or on the boulevard being acted
on by the Board of Supervisors, and fur
ther asked for an injunction. District At
torney • Mclsaacs entered a demurrer,
which was sustained by the court to-day.
Superior Judge Angellotti In passing Judg
ment said that the complaint did not state
facts sufficient to constitute cause for ac
tion. Contracts will now be let to com
plete the Tlburon Boulevard.
Government Alleges Fraud.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, April 2.-^A sensational
suit has been commenced by the United
States against the Sparks-Herrel Cattle
Company of Nevada and Idaho, which
John Sparks is interested in, to set aside
a patent to a large tract of land in Cas
sia County located under the desert act
by one of the company's cowboys and
then deeded to the company. The Gov
ernment charges fraud. The Government
has also commenced suit against Eccles
Spencer & Co. of Fremont County to re
cover $12,000. and against the Basic Min
ing Company for $11,000 for timber cut
from Government land. Similar suits for
half a million against outside corporations
are to be filed. Judge Beatty to-day de
nied the application for a writ of habeas
corpus In the cast of "Diamond Field"
Jack Davis, and nollce was given of an
appeal to the United States Supreme
Court.
OFFICERS ELECTED
BY RAISIN GROWERS
Number of Directors Beduced and
Reports of the Year's Work
Received.
FRESNO, April 2.— The raisin-growers
held their annual meeting to-day. The
report of the directors showed, that the
gross yield In IS9B was 3247 carloads of ten
tons each; In 1599, owing to unfavorable
weather, 602 cars less. In IS9S there was
received for the crop J2.506.512 and In 1899,
S2.Ss2.sS3— equaling 4^ cents per pound for
IS9S for the whole crop, while the previous
returns averaged for all 2% cents. For
standard quality from 5 cents to 5% cents
per pound was secured. In 1593 there were
on hand 672 left-over cars of raisins; this
year eighty-four cars. In IS9B second-crop
grapes sold to the wineries for from %Z
to $5 50; last year from $10 to $11. making
a difference In profit to the growers of at
least $150,000— 0r enough to pay the ex
penses of the association for live years.
La*t year there was In the expense col
umn an Item of $7415 79 on account of
shortage of delivery allotments; this year.
In the same account, there Is $759S In favor
of the growers, the result of payments by
packers for packing In excess of allot
ments. An Item of $?SO6 for organizing
might have been saved had the growers
sent in their contracts without this ex
pensive solicitation.
The total net weight packed was 24,
092!fc: stem waste. 1270V4; total. 25.362T&;
raisins in sweatbox on hand January 15,
1900. 1093 tons; packed and sold since.
250V4; balance, 542V4 tons: total delivered
during season, 26.455% tons.
At the afternoon meeting the directorate
was reduced from seven to five. Those
elected are as follows: M. T. Kearney,
Robert Boot, A. L. Sayre, Herman Xa
than and T. C. White. Mr. Kearney was
elected president by acclamation and Her
man Nathan vice president.
RICH DISCOVERY OF
GOLD IN ARIZONA
Vein of White Quartz Unearthed by
Section Hands Near
Jerome.
JEROME. Ariz., April 2.— The -city Is al
most depopulated of Its inhabitants to
day. Every livery rig In the city and spe
cial passenger trains have been carrying
the people to a point eight miles north of
Jerome, on the United Verde "and Pacific
load, where an enormous vein of free,
rich gold was discovered by section-hands
on this railroad. The ground where the
gold bearing quartz is found has been
prospected for many years and heavy
cuts made through it by the United Verde
and Pacific Railroad.
No one suspected the presence of the
precious metal. At this hour very little
work has been done on the discovery
claim. A hole four feet deep has been
made and a sample assay shows the start
ling result of $23,000 to the ton. The quartz
is white. -
Kibler Dismissed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, April 2.— Fred Klbler of Yount
ville appeared - before Justice Marois this
afternoon to have his preliminary exam
ination on a charge of perjury preferred
against him last Friday by Emma Hage
melster. The charge was dismissed be
cause the complaint was defective, and
PROGRAMME OF LECTURES
BY DR. EMERSON ARRANGED
BERKELEY, April 2.— Dr. Alfred Em
erson, the eminent archaeologist, will de
liver the first of a series of lectures on
Greek art in Hearst Hall to-morrow even
ing. The subject will be "Primitive Greek
Pottery."
Monday. April 9. 16 and 19. he will dis
cuss the rise of pattern and ornament, the
development of the standard ceramic
forms, the influence of mural painting on
ceramic art and the painting's of Polygno
tes at Delphi.
"Greek Decorative and Pictorial Sculp
ture" will be the subject cf a series of six
lectures to be delivered at 3:45 o'clock on
Wednesday and Thursday afternoons, be
giuring Wednesday. April 11. in room 1 of
the Mechanics' building-, on the university
campus. These lectures will be as fol
lows:
Wednesday, April 11, "The Begrfnninys
cf Greek Sculpture, Daedalus. The
lonian and Dorian Schools. Early Athen
ian Statuary." Friday. April 12, "Fruits
of the French Excavations of Delphi."
Wednesday, April IS. "Fruits of the Ger
man Excavations of Olympia." Friday,
April 19, "Later Athenian Sculpture and
Statuary." Wednesday, April 1-5,
"Phidias of Athens and the Decorative
Sculpture of Parthenon." Thursday.
April 26. "An Athenian Temple Restored."
The lectures will be illustrated by stereop
ticon views ar.d sketches.
The Ideal Man.
There Is rauch rivalry between t!;e various
colleges as to wh'ch will Drotluee the !£eal
man. By this they mean a vigorous, honest,
intellectual man. who will make the worM b»t
tm for havlne Brad. Health will demand first
consideration, fcr upon that depends brain anil
achievement. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will
ke#p the bowels r«?KUlar and the stomach
healthy by curing all stomach Ulsorilers. It also
prevents malaria, fever anl ague. Try It.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY, April 2.— The glee,
bar.jo and mandolin clubs of the
university gave a concert at San
Rafael to-night.
Hon. Horace Davis of Sap Francisco,
one of the tirst presidents of the univer
sity, has presented to the library' a framed
photograph of himself.
Dr. Elmer E. Brown has been invited
to be one of the representatives of the
United StatfS at the International Con
grt-ss of Secondary Education in Paris.
commencing July 31 and closing August 6.
Professnr Ixjuis dv Pont Syle will speak
before the Librarians' Association in San
Francisco on April 13. His topic will be
"A Dramatic Critics' Library. '
The freshman cla?s has decided not to
charge admission to its Bourdon ceremo
nies, but each member who has paid his
assessment will be allowed five invita
tions. A committee was appointed to con
fer with the sophomore class regarding
some contest to take the place of the
traditional rush. President Wheeler will
have to sanction it.
Professor Gavley delivered the first of a
series of four lectures under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. last
Friday afternoon in North Hall. His sub
ject was "Paul's Contribution to Human
ity."
MAJORITY OF SEVEN
FOR THE TARIFF BILL
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Members of
the Senate Committee on Porto Rico to
day made a poll of the Senate on the
Porto Rlcar. bill. They estimate a ma
jority of seven for the bill, believing that
It will receive forty-seven votes. Those
depended upon as certain to support the
measure with their votes are: Aldrich,
Allison. Baker. Bard, Heverldge. Bur
rows, Carter, Chandler. Clark of Wyom
ing, Cullom. Deboe, Depew. Elkins. Fair
banks, Foraker. Foster. Frye. Gallinger,
Gear. Hale, Kar.na. Hansbr-jugh. Hawley,
Jones of Nevada; Kean, Kyle, l-odl^e. llc-
Bride, McEnery, McComas, MeCumber,
McMillan. Penrose, Perkins. Platt of Con
necticut, Plan of Ntw York, Pritohard,
Quarles. Ross. Scott. Sewell. Shoup,
Spooner. Thurston, Warren, Wetmore,
The Republicans lose seven voles and
gain three. The three accessions are Mc-
Enery (D.X Jones (Sil. R.) of Nevada and
Kyle <Ind.).
Victory for Los Angeles.
I.OS ANGELES. April 2.— Judge Well
l>orn of the United States Circuit Court
to-day sustained the demurrer of the city
of Los Aiwelea hi the case brought bj'
Amos Kim&all to restrain the city from
Belling water bonii? recently voted. The
dsrr.urrer raised the point that the court
had ro jurisdiction, and was sustained
on the ground that the plair.tifT had not
sufficient property interests to warrant
the bringing <>f the -«uK in the United
States court. This is the first of a series
of suits of similar nnture.
-L
GREAT BOER ACTIVITY.
KIMBERLEY, Sur.day. April 1.— There
is pTrat Boer activity alons the Vaal
River. About 6000 burghers have assem
bled at various points betwc-en Fourteen
Stream* ami Christiana. About 700 men
art- occupying Witrar.d. north of Klip
dam, and 400 men are lar.gered at Boet
sap. .
Injuries Prove Fatal.
SACRAMENTO, April 2.— E. J. Pender
g&Ft. a young man who came here from
San Francisco and was run over by a
train at about 12 o'clock last night, died
this morning In the RecHivir.K Hospital.
On the back of his photograph which he
had in his rocket was written: "E. J.
V>c-r\At>rB-ym1 Kllttt" Citv Mont "
ASKS TO BE
DROPPED FROM
CHURCH ROLLS
Chicago Presbytery Receives
the Resignation of
Dr. Hillis.
Action Is Delayed for Two Weeks
and There Is a Probability That
the Bequest> Will Ba
Denied.
1
CHICAGO. April 2.— The resignation of
Rev. Newell Dwlght Hlllls, pastor of
Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, from the
Chicago Presbytery and the request that
he be allowed to demit from the Presby
terian church was to-day placed before
the annual meeting of the Chicago Pres
bytery. No action will be taken on thu
matter for two weeks, the committee to
which Mr. mills' letter of resignation was
referred for consideration requesting that
much tim« on account of many important
interests involved and being unwilling: to
take hasty action on a matter so impor
tant to the Presbyterian church.
Dr. Hulls' resignation was in the form
of a letter to Dr. W. C. Gray, editor of
The Interior, and a personal friend of the
Brooklyn pastor, and when the aged
divine stepped upon the platform to pre
sent the letter to the Chicago Presbytery
the auditorium of Olivet Memorial
Church, in which the meeting was held,
was crowded to the doors, nearly every
Presbyterian minister in Chicago being
present. The reading of the letter, which
was a lengthy one, was followed with the
closest interest. It was generally known
before the meeting was called that Dr.
Hillis' resignation would be presented,
but his request that he be allowed to
demit— in other words, that his name be
erased from the, rolls of the Presbyterian
church — occasioned a surprise.
Irr. Hillis' Letter.
In concluding his sensational letter Dr.
Hillis says;
For years I have urged the revision of our
cruel creed or the proposition of a new one.
I now perceive that my position ha» been mis
understood and nothing is left but for me to
withdraw. I withdraw, not to escape exist
ing responsibilities on my part, tor I shall
henceforth fulfill to the last decree my every
duty to the church, of Christ ; I withdraw to
free you from responsibility for me. From this
time, I am bound to my college, seminary an.l
brethren in the ministry, hut you are free
from embarrassment or responsibility for my
views. Hitherto disagreements In the pres
bytery have been accompanied by trials for
heresy and the disturbance of the church. I
h«r.e that my withdrawal will strengthen
friendships, not Impair them; will make for
peace, rather than disturb tranquillity. For
I lay down my ministry, not that I may be
free to attack some non-essential in the creed
that may be dear to some of you, but only
that, without any embarrassment or friction.
I may be free to affirm those great positive
principles of the Christian faith that we all
agree upon and love as we love life itself.
I know full well that the public will mis
understand my frank words and that cynics
will say that I have worn my heart on my
Fleeve. For that reason. I address this letter
tr> my brethren in the presbytery of Chicago
and to you alonf. To all my friends in the
presbytery I send fcreetlnfrs and assurances of
esteem, -respect and affection, and to the end
that my views may cease to be an occasion
of disturbance In the presbytery. I now ask
you by unanimous vote to erase my name from
the presbytery and to permit me to demit my
ministry in the Presbyterian church.
Request May Be Denied.
At the conclusion of the reading of the
letter, a motion to refer It to a committee
of three for consideration was adopted
and Dr. J. G. K. McClurc president of
Lake Forest University: Dr. William tt.
Notman of the Fourth Church and Dr. W.
J. Chlchester of the First Church were
named. Dr. Merrick Johnson, president of
MeCormlck Theolo"'cal Seminary, who
had been named, vlthdrawlng on the
ground that he already expressed his opin
ion In favor of the acceptance of Dr. Hll
lis' resignation. The committee spent
some time In discussing the letter and fin
ally decided to ask for two weeks In
which to consider the matter before mak
ing any recommendation and the request
was granted by a unanimous vote.
Although none of the members of the
committee would express an opinion as to
the probable recommendation to be made,
many of the ministers present stated they
did not favor allowing Dr. Hlllls to demit,
as his opinions on certain Presbyterian
doctrines were not confined to himself,
and that therefore erasure of his name
from the rolls of the Presbyterian church
would be opposed. Such action, they
stated, would be regarded In a way as
favorable to Dr. Hillis, as It would allow
him to become a preacher of the Congre
gational Church without doctrinal exam
ination.
BANK AND MINE
STOCK INVOLVED
II VARNEY CASE
Trustees Were Liberal Buy
ers of Collateral of the
Estate.
»
Contestants Sharply Attack the Af
fairs of the 1 Trust in Their
Search for Evidence of
Alleged Fraud.
*
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, April 2.
Nearly 9£oo.fioo 1» involved In the fight
which opentd to-day before Judge Sea
well of fc'an Francisco over the Varaey
estate trust. The contest was fairly be
gun and the attorneys who represent the
beneficiaries made fairly good progress In
their inquiry Into the affairs of the trust
and the trustees' conduct of thtir big
holdings.
The lawyers were out in full force. For
the contesting beneficiaries appeared At
torneys Charirs W heeler, A. J. Treat find
v> llliam mx. while me tru.-uet s— John
Taylor, Thomas H. B. Varncy ana ft. H.
Pitcher — were represented by VV. S. Gouu
fellow. Oarr.u McEnerney. George \V.
Keed and A. A. Moore.
Attorney Treat In a statement to the
court said that the suit wa.s brought by
four brothers and four sisters of me late
Thomas Vanity . who complained that
$4oo.t»Hj was being tU-il up by the trusteed
to pay annuities ur.Jt-r int.- trust o£ only
li'was charged that the trustees had
appointed themselves omeers of a cor
poration and were paying themselves
large salaries from the rstate. A di-mana
is made for an accounting of all the prjp
erty in the hanJs of the trustees. Thero
has been no settienn-nt for rive years.
Thomas H. B. Varney was ¦3HiTntned by
Attorney Treat, and It was discovered
that the Bar.k of Llvermore. of which ;nj
Varney estate owns .sw> of thtr l'Juu shared
of stock, waa being operated by Varney
as president at a salary of $tiw a year.
Trustee Taylor a* vice president at a sal
ary of $Sj«j annually. Trustee Pitcher aa
cashier and manager at *+**> per year. The
2*.W shares not owned by the t-stute stanU
In the names of Pitcher. Taylor, Varney.
G. W. Langan and H. B. Varney.
There wa,< considerable inquiry con
cerning the disposition oi several thou
sand shares of stock in the Kennedy
Mine and Milling Company, which was .t
part of Thomas Varrieys estate. The
witness admitted that he had purchased
GOO shares from the estate and that Trus
tee Taylor had bought 6000 snares fo.- an
other person, some relative, Varr.rj*
thought, while Henry D. Varney had also
been a purchaser. Thf estate hail owned
13.1 XX) shares, all of which had been sold.
This deal wax made In 1891, while the trus
tees were still executors of the estate.
The stock had been purchased through a
broker at from $:J to $4 a share. Trustee
Pitcher, it appeared, ha* 'J*<o shares of the
Kennedy stock, which has been paying
dividends the attorneys for the contest
ants claim up to $20 a share.
None of these dividends, according: to
Varney. were ever credited to the estate,
each own«=r collecting them for himself
and keeping the proceeds. Trustee
Pitcher's 100 shares of Livermore Bank
stock have not been paid up. The hir.<t
has paid dividends right along, but Trus
tee Varney says neither himaelf nor any
other hoUlers have ever paid any of the
profits Into the estate from their holdings
of this stock Varney said he had paid
$!» a share for his stock.
thus the curtain Jell on another act In
the sensational Hagemelster-Ryan breach
of promise suit that ended here larft Sat
urday night. The attorneys for Ryan
have prepared a motion for a new trial.
The case may be taken to th« Supreme
COUrt * - .
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Movement to l^revent the Entry oi
Chinese From Hawaii to the
United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— Pensions for
Calif orn!nn.-j: Original— William Wallace
Murray, Riverside. $6; James S. Harris.
Lompoe, $G. Additional— George M. Phelps,
San Jose, $C to IS. Increase^Anson T. Tlll
son, Snn Francisco, 55 to $8; John Han
nah. Santa Ana. $12 to $U .
Oregon: Original— James P. Sweet, El
mlra, $6; James C. Smith, Roseburg, $S.
Restoration and Increase — Obed W.
Qulnte, dead Barlow, $3 to $12. Incrsass —
Hartas Dickinson, Crabtree, $10 to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Harriet R. Qulnte,
Barlow, $S; Margaret Laubner, Halsey, $S.
Washington: Restoration and supple
mental—Miner G. Mother, dead. Tekoa,
$12. Increase— Francis M. Cox, Roslyn. Jo
to $8. Original widows, etc.— Harriet E.
Cornell, Spokane. IS. Rtrl3sue— Clarissa J.
Mosher. Tekoa. Jl2.
The name of the Postofflce at Lillis,
Fresno County. Cal., has been change*!
to Laton.
Major William H. Bonsai of Los Angeles
is In Washington attending the meeting
of the Board of Managers of the Soldiers'
Homes. :' - *
Senator Perkins to-day introduced a bill
for the relief of George F. Schild of Va
lejo, Cal.. providing for the payment to
him of JOO.u*/) as compensation for in
fringement by I'nlted States officers at
the Mare Island navy-yard of his patent
for iinprovi-rne.it In caisson gates.
Representative Waters will to-morrow
present In the House a resolution of the
Los Angeles B';ard of Health praying for
legislation providing for the transporta
tion of leper? from this country to Hawaii
ar.d for their maintenance there by the
United States Government.
At the urgent solicitation of the Califor
nia delegution the House Committee on
Territory will to-morrow offer an amend
ment to that section of the Hawaiian bill
which provides for Chinese in Hawaii ob
taining certificates* of residence wlthin'one
year after the passage of the act. The
proposed amendment provides that until
the expiration of said year such Chinese
shall not be deemed to be unlawfully in
Hawaii if found therein without such cer
tificate, and provides further that no Chi
nese person, by reason of anything con
tained in the act. shall be allowed to en
ter any State or district of the United
Staets from the Hawaiian Islands.
ROBERT DE ROTHSCHILD
INSISTS UPON A DUEL
Count de Luborsac Informed by Baron
Edouard That His Brother Must
Be Given Preference.
PARIS. April 2.— Baron Edouard de
Rothschild has appointed Comte Louis de
Turenne and M. O'Connor to be his sec
onds In response to the letter of Comte
de Luborsac, threatening to throw the
latter's glove in the former's face when
ever they met. The seconds have consult
ed together and have written to Comte de
Luborsac informing him that the dueling
code prevents Baron Edouaril from meet-
Ing Comte Luborsac until the latter has
given satisfaction to Baron Robert de
Rothschild. They point out that the fact
that the latter is a minor forms no ex
cuse for Comte de Luborsac for refusing
to meet him.
DETECTIVE ARRESTED.
J. B. Thompson Is Accused of Embez-
zlement by a Klondiker.
TACOMA. Wash.. April 2.— J. B. Thomp
son, chief city detective, and A. J. Hos
hor, his nephew, were arrested last night
by Sheriff Van Deventer and two deputies
of Seattle on a charge of embezzling $3).-
O*"*) from H. G. Torrence, a Klondlker.
Hoshor was Torrence's private secretary
for two years and wa.< tr> have sold him
two mining claims for IS'X'O.
According to Torrence, Hoshor had this
money anil 112.000 more, which he has
held and under Thompson's Instructions
has refused to refund or give a deed to the
Dawson properties.
Two Boys Drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or.. April 2.— The finding this
afternoon of an overturned boat at Tansy
Point, ten miles below this city, settles
the fnte of Hugo Lindstrom and Warren
Robinson. East Astoria boys, aged 15 and
13 respectively. The boy? left home early
Saturday evening for a ride on the river
and did not return. Search was institu
ted and to-day the overturned boat was
found. A heavy tog settled over the river
soon after the boys left home and It 13
presumed they lost their bearings and
were carried into rough water.
New Mining Company.
FRESNO, April 2.— Articles of incorpor
ation of the Big Oak Mining Company
were filed to-day with 5100,000 authorized
and $500 subscribed capital. It will suc
ceed to the Tuolumne Mother Lode Com
pany, the mortgage on which has been
foreclosed by Captain W, A. Nevllls after
more or less trouble with the stockhold
ers and directors.
Drank Liniment.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
GILROY, April 2.— J. Wallltz. a German
aged 65 years, drank a bottle of liniment
yesterday morning with suicidal Intent,
dying a few hours later. Deceased was in
poor health and had lost his property.
Despondency was the cause of the act.
He leaves a brother, Theodore, in San
Fi«.acisco.
Boney Hoy wen. Charcntu* ¦ocond, Imp third,
i im», lucvi.
Sellln*. ona mil* and forty yard*— Asquith
won. Diminutive eciond. Hold Up third. Time,
THE SAX FI^NCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1900.
REPUBLICANS
VICTORIOUS IN
THE ELECTIONS
Heavy Fusion Plurality of
1898 in Cincinnati Is
Overturned.
Democratic Losses Reported From. All
Sections of Ohio — Bryanites
Make Slight Gains in
Michigan.
CINCINNATI. April 2.— A summary of
the results of the municipal and township
elections in Ohio to-day indicate more Re
publican than Democratic gains, but no
special cause for it is assigned, except
that the Republican factions that have
been fighting for years have evidently
been getting together and that the Demo
crats have shown more indifference than
usual. This applies especially to the
larger cities, but there have been Repub
lican gains, according to the returns frem
rural districts and Interior towns, that
are not accounted for. The result in Cin
r.ati. which on the average plurality more
than reverses the result at the last gen
eral municipal election, is attributed to
less factional fighting among the Repub
lican* and the Indifference of the Demo
crats.
In Cleveland, where the factions have
been most intense., the result is also de
cisive. A feature of the day has been the
election of Dr. Washington Gladden as a
Councilman at Columbus, where the
question of municipal franchises was a
epeciai issue. The writings of Dr. Glad
den on labor questions and social and po
litical economy ar-- w<?il known, as well
ts his work a*, a pastor and lecturer, and
his experience in a j ariiament of ward
representatives -*ill no doubt attract gen
eral interest.
The Republicans elected their ticket at
Toledo, where Mayor tamuel Jontb has
held sway a* <vi independent lactor for
years. At Dayton tht Democrats re-elect
ed Mayor Undrauth. At come Interior
points the Republicans elected oTUcers
where they had never elected them be
fore, while there have been no phenome
nal gains by the Democrats. As local
issues were paramount at almost «11
places It Is dlrncuit to indicate any cause
lor the drift of public preferences.
In this city tne Republicans elected
their entire ticket. They tiave the mem
bers of the new Board of Public Service
lur three years, which controls everything
except the police and fire departments.
The Board of Legislation stands 24 Re
publicans and 7 Democrats and the Board
of Education 24 Republicans and 7 Demo
crats.
Three years ago the fusion ticket was
elected by a plurality of 7445 on a total
vote of «io.(wo. The total vote was abu-ut
the to-cay and the plurality much
larger on the other side. Then, as now,
the fusion ticket was equally divided be
tw.t-.-ii the Democrats and what are
known locally as "Republicans wbo are
opposed to G*-orge li. Cox.." The tusion
lst* have carried this city and county re
r—atedly. Last. November they elected
taoßt of their ticket, the Republicans se
curing only one Senator ana two Repre
sentatives out of a delegation of fourteen
A-f-mblymen. The eld light against
George B. Cox opened last month as vig
orously as ever, but the independent Re
publicans charged that the Democrats did
net make the nominations that the con
ference committee had agreed upon.
(This repture was followed by the Repub
licans nominating Colonel Julius Fleiach
mann, a millionaire Hebrew, fcr Mayor.
He Is only 2S years of age, but very popu
lar. For years he has successfully man
aired large interests. He was colonel on
the staff of Governor McKlnley from I*-?:
to l£Sn>, and is a very close friend of Sena
tor Haur.a. who is paid to hare requested
the young man to make the race. He was
elected by more than f£>> plurality over
State Senator A'.fn-.I M. Cohen, the can
didate of the fuslor.iets.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. April 2.— Rev. Wash
ington Gladden, the eminent Congrega
tional clergyman. was to-day elected to
the City Council from the Seventh Ward,
defeating C. E. UJles (R.> by 76 votes in a
total of ISO 1 ) cast. Dr. Gladden ran as an
Independent candidate, though endorsed
by the Democrats at their caucus.
Michigan Eeturns.
DETROIT. April 3.— The Democrats
made several firiking gains In the mu
r.icipal and township flections held in all
Michigan cities to-day, except Detroit
and Port Huron. At Lansing, J. F. Ilem
mell was ejected by 316 majority, the
firet Democratic Mayor in ten years.
Mayor George R. Perry fD. t was re-elect
ed at Grand Rapids over Mayor Stuart by
ISSS majority. His majority last year
wu only 725. Th'-re ie a strong Holland
Dutch vote in Grand Rapids, and dissen-
Flon with the administration's course to
ward the Boers is believed to be reflected
In the increased Democratic majority. At
Petoekey. which has hitherto been Repub
lican, the Dt-rnocrate carried two of the
wards and elected P. B. XVachull Mayor.
Hudson and Ann Arbor both show Demo
cratic gains.
At Big Rapids the Democrats reduced
the Republican majorities of last year by
half. Democrat!*- Mayor W. B. Baum was
re-elected at althouph by a
reduced majority. Ludington. La Pere
Alpena, Mount Clemen*. Sturgis. Travers
City. St. Oair. Balm Ignace, Nile* and
Adrian also went Democratic. At Manls
tee two Democratic tickets were In the
f.eld and the RepubUcaaa elected their en
tire city ticket. Jackson Republicans
elected their candidate for Mayor, the
Democrat* electing the rest of the ticket.
At Eaton Rapids the Republican ticket
•was elected; at Hastir.ps the Republicans
were successful for the first time in the
city's history- £t. JoFepta and Grand
Haven also went Republican.
Results in Western States.
TOPEKA. Kan.. April 2 —The election
for city officers In the town of Beattie,
In Marshall County, to-day, was a contest
between men and women and the men
won. A ticket composed entirely of women
¦9.as elected a year ago. The women offi
cers, headed by Mrs. Elizabeth Totten,
Mayor, were candidates for re-election.
Aside from the sex and personality of the
candidate? the principal issue was as to
•whether b!ir.d-a!!ey saloons, otherwise
known a* "blind pigs." should be allowed
to run. the mm favoring a wide-open pol
icy- The men rebelled acninstthe strict
prohibition enforced by the women, and
the entire men's ticket was elected with
the exception of Clerk, one Councilman
and Marshal. The latter Is a man.
HELENA. Mont.. April 2.-In the
municipal election here to-day the Re-
Sibliran ticket, headed by Edward* for
ayor. was elected by a !arx*« majority.
The Republicans also elected six of the
fever. Aldermen.
ANACONDA. Mont.. April 2.— Three
Democratic and three Republican Alder
man -were elected to-day. Little Interest
was taken.
BUTTE, Mont., April 2.— The Democrats
«>l*!Cted five out of the eight Aldermen to
day. This Is a los? of two for the Demo
crat* and makes the City Council a lie.
¦with a Democratic Mayor.
SALT LAKE CITY, t'tah. April 2.— King
CD.) for Consrees Is elected over Ham
mond (R.) by 4000 majority. His majority
!n Salt Lake was 754. Nine-tenths of thfc
precincts of the State have been heard
from.
MRS ELIZABETH SAUNDERS
(The large portrait is her latest, taken a few days ago. The smaller is a
copy of one taken during her palmy days on the stage.)
TO-MORROW at her home. 510 Capp street. Mrs. Elizabeth Saunders will
receive her many friends and accept their congratulations In honor of
her eighty-first birthday anniversary^ Mrs. Saunders years ago gained
fame and fortune on the boards in thf> East and In this city, and Is
one of the remaining few who gained laurels in the palmy days of the fam
ous old California Theater Stock Company. Although the famous old lady de
clares her birthday reception is to be, as It always is, an Informal affair,
still she is making preparations to receive the many who always assemble
at her home on the 4th day of April of each year. The room in which Mrs.
Saunders' friends will assemble to talk of the days gone by Is an ldeaJ place
to inspire artistic reminiscence?. On the walls hang the portraits of cele
brated artists with whom the aged actress shared her early triumphs.' The
place of honor is occupied by Joe Jefferson, a cousin of the famous lady,
and on the mantel is a magnificent portrait of Edwin Booth, framed In a
wreath of immortelles.
Time has dealt gently with Mrs. Saunders. and though old in years, her
spirit is youthful. She speaks happily of her younger days, tells modestly
of her many early triumphs, and has a kindly word for all her many sisters
and brothers of the profession.
Mrs. Saunders will see her friends during the afternoon hours only and
from 2 till 7 all who have the honor to know the worthy artist will be wel
comed. '
Reecham's Pills )
I GURZSIGZHEAD&QHE j
t and act liho magic on s. xrevJs <
L stomach ar.d disordered liver. i
L 10 cestaaiul & erna, *S "41 dma itorcfc 4
V.*.» ?..•• . . *_j^jj
IfOOY IS HEALTHFUL! |
; ? |3i A Natural Mineral Water $
O rain wlt^ medicinal qtzslltlsa. 6
o n§k ?or Indigestion «i o
? 4*^sflL Stomach Di33rijr3. o
I^^^So-cnlled VICHY I
% [jlSSlaisia IN SIPHONS |
? sv^^l Get tha Genuina £
O A. VIGNIER. Distributing Asrant*
? C»O«>O-»O-*O»O-*CU - JOAOi-O ?O *O»
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
FOR
s?r amshi p~SAN PEDRO
(Built In ISM.)
Capacity 1000 tons. All modem
conveniences for comfort. Elec-
tric lighted throughout.
Sailing From
BAN FRANCISCO
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
Tnla company wtll have Its own
complete equipment for the aaf*
and expeditious landln? c' paaseo-
gers and cargo on arrival at Norn*.
For Freight and Passenger
Rate* Apply to
GAPE NOME STEAMSHIP GO.
(H. R. DUFFU* A CO.. Gen'l Asentt.)
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
FOR
NOME BEACH DIRECT!
BARKEXTIN'E CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL 13. 1300.
For freight rates apply to tha
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPANT.
O:2ce; 4 California at.
9BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
i
BfCTNTPS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, rorner of Market and Third streets, open
ontil II o'clock e\-rry nipht In the year.
HKANCH OFFICES- B2J Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SPO Hayes street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
C 3? McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
J?4l Mission street; open until 10 p, m.
SCI Market eireet. corner Sixteenth; open
cnltl S p. m.
106 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
;«« Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
jrT3 Polk street; open until 9 p. m.
Nortfcweyt corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. fl
•Tin bh; THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- J\-
ING. Arril S. _t 7:39 o'clock. Slated )%>\
meeting and «. A. d«proe. By order •
of the H. P. FRANKLIN' H. PAY. Sec.
GOLDICN Gate Lcde No. SO. F. and A. a
St.— Stated nie*t!r.K THIS <TUESDAT)^^
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Tk_*\
GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. ***
PACIFIC Lodge No. IS6. F. and A. M.. •
121 E3dy ?t.— Stated meeting and Sd D. -JrX-
',M p. in. ?V_f\
GKORGE PENLINGTON. Sec, /^r >
OIUEXTAL Lodp-e No. 144, F. and A. ¦
M — f tated meetlr-p THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at S o'clock. H_*\
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /^r
A. O H.. DIVISION No. 2.— The regu- ~>ff~J>
lar monthly meetlnc pf this division V J
V.V.I be held at H:l*rr.ia H_ll. U9l«X<J_
Ninth street, on TUESDAY. April 3. •V«g_f
JS>OO. at 7:30 p. m. Mtrr.bTs are re- "
quested to settle for March 17 ball tickets at
this meeting. Quarterly meeting. Fines for
rion-a.ttcn£anoe will b» strictly enforced.
BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCT, Secretary.
T\.* annual meeting cf let o— len In Lau-
rel H'.ll Cemetery for tfce election of trus-
tees and other business will be held at the
r.flW of Ounnison. Booth & Bartnctt. 32S
Mcntsrrniery ft., on TUKPPAY. April 3. 1900.
at 31 o'clock m. CHAS. H. CROWELL. Sec.
ENGROSSING
ReeotQ—OiM nnfl dlr'crr las a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. Heald's Business College. 24 Post et.
AG *:? TS - Av A NTF r r> :
GOOj rustlers: icooi proposition: ladies or
pents. CROWN I'HOTO STUDIO. 1149 Market.
_AL)int?— Apt'Uls: sc.tr.eil.ing new. 602 vieary
Ft., fan Frpnriwo.
ASTROLOGY.
PBOF. A. MASEBT of ;:*rypt. trrestest astrolo-
inst er.d ra»rr.ist la th» world: satisfaction
ruarar.-tf-d <S? Oo'.den Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
30 fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law, fcOO Market, cor. Etocktn.
j«.I»\"ICE free: no charge unless bUccessful. W.
W. DAVIPPON*. £27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
f. B. KKBZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed practice at r.03 Cal. St.. d— — le bids.
L. P. CLAHK. Krr.rr.a Fpreckels hldg.. SIT Mar-
k#»t ft . ; c nftiltnt in*i f r^p ; no f^pp In advance.
lIATH CABINETS THERMAL.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding: se* It before
buyir.c. ~^'. P. TW WX, O>a?t Agt.. 4?6 Ellis.
BELGIAN HARES.
LORI> ESSEX, imported Fee $15
TeddT Roosevelt, wia'r Ist price L. A 15
Britain IMnce, own eon of Lord Britain. 10
l>an<Jy Stylets, own sen of Sir Styles, Imp. 10
Kl'.dare, imported 6
Hich-dass does, from 110 to I7j (bred); also
grand bucks tor vale.
y. E. MASOX. 171u Everett ft., Ala— -.eda, Cal.
Visitors •welcome, except Sundays.
F. C HERRON. MS South Broadway, Los An-
F*!»f. breeder an-i broker— Domestic and im-
l-orted pedigreed stock: will fill orders for
dealers on commUElon ; pedigree sworn to; re-
ler you to 'Frisco merchants; correspondence
FoZicited. 1 I
SILVER Gray Rabbltry, 15€1 Scott St., Los
Angeles— Or.c or the eldest rabbltries In Los
• Anyeles: both standard anl heavyweight; 800
head to choose from; all from lmjortcd stock.
6OME flrst-class stock at reasonable rates. J.
N. WILLIAM?, 446 S. Mott Et., Los Ansreles.
BOOKS SEW AXU OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holme* V.r.'k Co.. 70* Vissinn st.. near Third.
HOOT AMJ SHOE BARGAIKS.
BARGAINS la lafilee' and children's shoes;
drummers' samples at manufacturer's cost.
J. K«'*HLBi:<:KER. 14j Fourth st.
111 SI.NESS CHANCES.
A^stHo^-CORNEH saloon; with 11 club and la-
dles' rc*>ms; rent S4O: place established for
year*: v<ry best location: first-class; paying.
Cal! R. G. WILKE. S«u6 Market st.
A—BSOA — BS00 — CORNER grocery and bar on, Hayes !
st.; rent $25, lnriuding rooms: larjre stock of
liquorte a-nd troeerie*-; a. nrat-eiass, paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. VO6 Market.
A— CSG— DELICACY store connected with lunch
room; t living rooms; r^nt 517. Z'. 1 : best loca-
tion O'Farrell 9t.: must be sold at once: sick-
ness in family. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— (2OO9— GORXER grocery tnd bar. with four
livirur roorr.n: rent J00; 3 years' le.ase; the best
corner un Mission st. ; place doing a good '
paying cash business: full value in Bight, t
Call U. G. WILKK. MC Market n.
A-IS^f" I—CIGAR1 — CIGAR store: clearing {4 daily splen-
did lf>cs.tion; Market a'.ri East st?.; rent JLI.
Call R. G. WILKE. 9if, Market st.
A— SOJ— ¦ PALOON and lunch house: established
many years and duinu a good paying busi-
ness; rent t' f >; best location; close to Sutler
Ft.: Inve«»;pate at once: a rare chance. Call |
R. G. * 'ILKE. 506 Market St.
C^KOOM HOTrL
AND BAR.
B8 P.OARD~RS.
CHEAP RENT.
r.arjrain: price with PECIC~R. ICTO Market.
A PARTNER — ¦anted: pood-paying restaurant;
downtown: fSSi. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A HrFTAURANT: downtown: preat sacrifice
this <!ay. COWING _ CO., 71? Market st.
5200— SALOON for sale, north of Market et., a
bargain: ~rc have a cash buyer for a good
centrally located lodgini? house of about 20 to
2S roam; Jl2i, branch bakery and confection-
ery, central, rooms for family. Apply J E.
FLINKEY & CO.. EE. cor. Market and Fifth.
FOR sa!e cheap to responsible party — Grocery
arid bar; established 15 years: full value in
rtock: pays Jiw net per month.
HARPER & KREIGER. 312 Examiner bldg.
iNvnsTonp. attenttonl
An unusual opportunity of 50P per cent profit
on sums from Jifi upward; references and de-
tails furnished. H. Z., Call branch. 1096 Va-
iencla st- /
ViANTHf) — Sal*sman and off.cc man to take an
Jn*er»-£t In a etap!e and old established man-
ijfaTJrinir business; capital required, $2000 to
tSOOS each. . Address box Z?Z2. Call office.
WrLL se!! or exchange 4 lots best residence
portion of Stockton for stock cf merchandise
<>r _tx,d rooming house. P. J. EARTH, 414
McAllister Et.
A— OROCKRY _tA bar; Al location; Blckness
cause of sale; must be so!d within 8 days*
make offer. Boi 3Sli, Call office.
TOZi Fale— Branch bakery, candy and notions; !
fine location for coffee parlors. 213H Four-
tetnth rl.. San Franclscn, Cal.
GROCERY and bar for sale; cheap; party ro-
iriK to Cape Nome. 35 Natoma et.
BTIST-PAYING route in city cheap; parties go-
ing away. 212 Capp st.
J3so— '.^-INTEREST in labor-saving tool Just
patented; does work in hi time; patent will
bring JSOOO. Inventor, box 3266, Call office.
jrtfO— OPPORTUNITY for two experience.*, cat-
|e~ m— and ealoomnen with 12000 each to act as
directors In a corporation already formed;
business for years; fortunes have
been made therein; only active principals
wasted. Address box S2H. Call office.
COAL yard for rent; fine location and does good
business; entirely covered; 3 stalls; also fine
place ;<rr milk depot. Inquire of WILLIAM
¦ HKNI'UICKKON & CO., ruora Cl 4. Call bldg.
B N T H AORI )I NARY OPPORTUNITY
for la<3y «ir gentleman with 11000 to $3uOO. to
Join si<ivert!*er in entirely new enterprise to
¦ t>e estjUillplied on Market St.. paying over 500
Jier cent; references exchanged; chance of this
kind <-4;:ney not twl<-e; principals only. B. A.
N.. Ik,x 2176. Call office.
y< >H sal' — L«xiKlns- house, restaurant and bar;
K'wxl chance fur man and wife or two part-
ner«: owner gflng tn Cap<? Nome. Address
-"TOM." l'onoffice, Stockton.
J'ANCV j-rocery, strictly modern; good loca-
: Uon: unusual sacrifice. Apply PENNRLL.
PUYDAAI _ CO.. wholesale grocers, 4 Cali-
fornia at.
T\>R sale— P.-Uoon; oj>en day and night; good
corner; poo<i business; reasonable; old age the
cause, 554 Fourtn st.. cor. Frctlon; no agent
or tfV-r.
OLl>-Eh'TABLIFHED wagon-making, horse-
Khoi-lng but<ine«-: 15 years present location;
cheap on a^ct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
fSoO— A THIRD Interest for active partner, lady
or gentleman: will bear investigation. Call
DR. CLARK, Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED frame Joiner as partner: mutt
have some capital or the necessary tools. Ap-
ily afternoon, £10 Broadway, Oakland.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
TRANSFER saloon: cheap If Bold this week.
Liquor Dealers' Journal, 639 Vi California st.
$1800— RESTAURANT and bar; Wst location; no
night work; cheap rent; long lease; daily re-
ceipts «5-$7O; stands investigation. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. C3S',j California Bt.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
bueine&g; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 53SH California St.. room 1.
A— sl2lo— PARTNER: old-established and popu-
lar confectionery and ice cream mfg.; whole-
sale and retail. KKEDO &. CO.. 22H Geary.
A— s2so- PARTNER: moving and storage busi-
ness: $150 monthly. KREDO &CO-. 22"4 Geary.
$250— RESTAURANT and lodging-house near
the city. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
J7OO— RESTAURANT; fine location; transient
trade; near carhouees. McLaughlln. 777V4 Mkt.
FOR sale, cheap— Paying restaurant In best
location In city. Inquire at 117 Battery st.
$6to — BRANCH bakery and notions; laundry
and papers pay rent: presetft owner 6 years.
Box B. 106 Eleventh Bt.
DAIRY and delicacy store clearing $3 day; bar-
gain: mutt cell; departure. J.. box 3194. Call.
JJO-PHOE shop for sale. 316 Gough St., near
llayi.s.
HOUSE of 16 rooms; rent $27 60; $175. 619% Mls-
Pl.in fit.; no agents.
EHOE Bhop for sale; old established; leaving
city. 606 Eddy st.
$250— SALOON for sale at a sacrifice. Box 3157.
Call offlce. _
PARTNER wanted to Invest a Bmall amount
cf money In Cape Nome property that Is
known to be good. Box 3143. Call.
HORSESHOEING and general blacksmlthlng
chop: beet stand this elde bay: doing a good
trade: will Fell very cheap. .Box 2734, Call
offic*. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar, corner Geary and Leaven-
w.-irth: rent $40; lease S year and 9 months; no
agents.
COMPANY promotion Is our specialty: we at-
tend to everything complete: charters fur-
r.tshed. P.5.M.&1.C0., 220 California Bt.. r. 5-7.
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencln. pt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
rief*. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Foleom Bt. near Eighth.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME PROSPECTORS call at rooms 1
and I. 1104 Broadway, Oakland, between 9
and 11 or send stamped envelope for reply;
jour family looked after while you are gone.
GRUB stake wanted by a miner for Cape
Nome, Alaska: will give half interest; is a
Freemason; fair ana square dealing. Ad-
dress Danish. 331 Kearny St.. room 43.
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount of
money in Cape Nome property known to be
C<--od. Box 31<3. Call.
THE" Eureka 1900 beach gold caver; the only
pan motion. 26 Beale st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 253-357 Tehama Bt.: tel. S. 40.
J K. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. CL ST
STEVENS, mgr.. CS-40 Bth St.: tel. South 250.
1 »
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4:3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned et 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
gTRATTONS. 3 Eighth et.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 833 Golden
Oate uve. : telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Rer ealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumaf.s— 1. all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
tands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station. ?d station from
Broadway.
! DR. W. T. PARKER, the successful h»aler,
treats n.ll nervous, chronic, throat and ca-
tarrhal diseases without poisonous drugs; con-
sultation _nd diagnose free. Offlce, 1027H
Market st.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night. 8 o'clock. 25
cents: to-mcrrow ni&ht, materializing seance;
last seanc* this week; leaves for Paris. 409
Leavenworth st.
j MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader,
t 1424 Market «t., bet. Seventh and Eighth,
j room 14; ladles T3e. gents COc
i MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-nlßht.
605 McAllister st., 10c.; come, Bcepticß.
I MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th & llt.h^
I Clr. Men. Sp. m., Thur. 2p. m.. 25c; sit. dally.
' Ims C J. MEYER, 335 McAllister: spiritual
j readln— 9 dally: test clr. to-night. Thurs. at 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium. 11V r«>ader: pitting. $1. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
MA^DAM^Y^vraT^RTlnTceTebrated 'scientific
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fe« for la-
dies and children 50c; gentlemen $1: hours
- from 9 a. m. to 9p. m. Parlors at 313 Eddy
et. ; no sign out.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice in difficult
matters. 13 Fulton St.. near Larkin.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
eeek to know answered, without questions;
satisfaction: readings 50c and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
MRS. DR. WEST, business and test medium,
returned; magnetic treatmts. 17 6th. rms. 1-3.
MME HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 92H4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
MMnT MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2&c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. is the original
gyppy life reader; readlnni 25c.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212^4 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladle*. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— 9-ROOM cottage, with barn; 10 Vicksburg
r.t., near Twentr-second and Church. SPECK
A CO
COTTAGE of 0 rooms in center of town, within
half- block of Oakland and San Leandro elec-
tric cars; with half -acre of fruit, barn and
chicken yard; $15. DRIVER. ABER & CO.,
Kan Leandro. *
COTTAGE of 4 rooms ana bath; modern im-
provements. 218 Locust aye., between Van
Ness aye.. Franklin, Golden Gate aye. and
McAllister st.
HOUBE of 3 rooms; large tfauement and yard;
rent $7. 1021 York st., near Twenty-second.
TO let— Cottage of 5 rooms; yard. 2307 Polk
rtrt-et
2513 CALIFORNI A— Cottage 5 rooms, bath; large
yard.
JS-CWTACE, 4 rooms;' yard; respectable lo-
I cation. 1705 Turk Bt., near Scott.
$16— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
DENTISTS.
ADR. T. 6. HIGGINS 7 dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
•work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plate* that fit from
$4 to up: open evenings and Sundays.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Et., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
wtthout plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
flce hours, Sa. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday*, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAM&ON, M. D., Manager.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
wtthout a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Btronser than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c: crowns. $3 60: all work
painless' and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful 6ecret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when platee are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
Filver. Me; painless extraction, 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with wrlt-
ten guarantee for 6 years; platee, $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL 'CO.. 6 Eddy st.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st. ; crown-
bridge work: ext. painless; full set teeth $7.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Eetof^t^eth^s4jcrown«^s3jfllllngs^2sc.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns, bridgework: open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG UOSPITALS;
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
ElO Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious disease*. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 73c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dops boarded. Tel. West «ttfi.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
THE Ban Francisco Dresscuttlng School has
taken larger quarters at 411 Van Ness aye.,
the quarters at 305 being too small for the
class; we have a large class during the day
and one in the evening; now Is the time for
ladles to come and do their summer sewing;
we teach the art of sewing, from the Infant's
robe to th" tailor-made gown, for $1 per week;
we also have a kindergarten class In sewing;
$1 per month.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dre«s*mak!ng. 387 Geary 6t. : dresses
made. S3 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing:, plnklne. 121 Post. o\-er O'Connor A-Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL,
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet »t., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged in departments; pay only for what
you get. Call or address 819 Market Bt.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
AYRES'. leading business college. 723 Market;
individual Instruction ; bookkeeping, short-
hand. typing: life scholarship. $50: catalogue.'
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
FRENCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Fllippe's Academy
of lanjruap*s,32o Post;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banio, mandolin; reasonable .terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. Q. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
SPANISH— DaIIy classes, 4 to 9 p. m. Room 10,
fifth floor, Y. M. C. A. hulldlng.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over fire years.
421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135. •
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best 'help. 414*4 O'Farrel] F t. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GIRLS looking for flrst-class places can secure
work in private families, hotels, etc., city and
country, by calling on or addressing MISS
CULLEN, 825 Sutter St. Phone Grant 120.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; 3 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, S2j Sutter St.
A COMPETENT French lady's maid and seam-
stress desires situation, or as nursery govern-
ess; references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN -woman wishes work by the day.
MRS. NORTON, Sl3 Sutter St.
SWEDISH houseglrl, 4 years' references; Is a
good cook and laundress. MRS. NORTON,
313 Putter Bt^
AN English woman, good cook and housework-
er. $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter tt.
SWEDISH flrst-class chambermaid and seam-
stress; years' reference's. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. 1
COMPETENT person wants place; willing to
assist or general work In small family. Apply
2415 Clay st.. near Fillmore.
COMPETENT woman wants charge of Infant
or children; city or country; good reference;
apply afternoons. 1259 O'Farrell st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work; cooking; wages $25. 1207 Larkin at.
GERMAN girl wishes place- for general house-
work and cooking; wages $20. Call at 1522
Webster St.. Alameda, Cak
WILLING elderly woman wishes eltuatlon to
do light housework; kind to children; low
wages; city. 2 Cleveland Bt., opposite Co-
lumbia Park.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework. Apply at 1127 Ellis st.
WANTED— By an elderly American- woman,
housework in a small fajnlly; cooking If
wanted. Inquire or address 12^4 Scott place,
bet. Pacific and Broadway, Powell, Mason.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; $1.
Inquire 78 Third st.
GIKL would like to do general housework In
private family; Mission preferred. Please
call at 1143 Florida St.. near Twenty- fourth.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants situa-
tion: housework and co<>klng; wages $20 to $25.
IC3 Julian aye., near Sixteenth.
EXCELLENT, steady and reliable Danish cook;
first-class experience and references. Apply
for 2 days, 846 Mission st. <
SITUATION wanted by competent girl; general
housework and cooking. 14 Eleventh st. ';--•
WANTED— A situation by an elderly woman
In city or country; wages from $5 to $8 a
month. Please call at 214 Fifth at.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; best of references.
MRS. M. L., box B. Call branch, 300 Hayes Bt.
SWEDISH girl would like position to do second
work in private family. Call 757 Harrison Bt.
YOUNG lady deslreß position as bookkeeper,
bill clerk or typewriter; references given. Ad-
dress MISS M. R.. box 3150. Call offlce.
A RESPONSIBLE young lady stenographer and
typewriter wants position; salary no object.
Box 3122. Call otflce.
GERMAN girl. Speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WINCHESTER House, 4( Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 room*: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
¦week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; ooen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V_>
lencla et. ; ..-'f
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
STEADY eltuatlon wanted by flrst-class Ger-
man cook, good carver, for hotel, institution,
delicacies: best references; country preferred.
82S>£ Harrison St.
CLKRK— Experienced dry goods salesman of
tact and ability, well acquainted with general
and implements, desires engagement in large
town or country; good references. J. H.
WHITE, 1137 Union St., San Francisco.
BUTLER wishes a position ; .city references.
W. L., box 3284, Call offlce.
MAN, Bober, industrious, handy with car-
penter topis, good at any kind of wosk.
would like a Job; city or country. Address
box 2305, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION wanted to work around a private
place; No. 1 horseman; strictly temperate.
Address box 3356. Call office.
WANTED— Work as salesman, stockkeeper o»
shipping clerk; experienced in wholesale dry
goods and the glass and china business; can
letter neatly with the brush. Address box 2740,
Call offlce, Oakland. . a
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes position as
stableman; flrst-class harness cleaner and
buggy washer. Box 3350, Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation as porter In commission
house by intelligent young man aged 20: has
had some experience. Box 3314, Call offlce.
ADVERTISER, 30 years' experience. Is open
to an engagement as manager or part man-
ager in any business; willing to Invest small
capital and take share in a Bound business or
will Join partner In establishing a business.
M. n.. box 3174. Call. ¦
PRIVATE SECRETARY,
ADVERTISING MANAGER OR
Confidential clerk; gentleman, 28, desires posi-
tion as above; exceptionally high references
and ability: a trial respectfully solicited. E.
W.. box 3375. Call offlce. >
CLOAK buyer^Gentleman, long experience
East as manufacturer, salesman and buyer
ladles' garments desires position ;. good adver-
tiser; thorough knowledge of business and
tlret-class references. A. L.. box 3374, Call.
HOUSE painter, paperhanger. whltener and
decorator wants work; has complete outfit
tools. MERIGAN. 1302 Webster st.; phone
Jackson 1321. .'.';:"¦'¦.
CANDYMAKER; flrst-class man on all fine
candy. Ice cream, Al references, ' wishes
steady position; city or country. Box 8166,
Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED valet wishes a position with
a gentleman traveling. Box 3345, Call. C-~;s? ;
TINNER practical In furnace heating and ven-
tllatlng. Box 3349, Call offlce. :.- .*•¦:'
JAPANESE boy wants situation as good cook
In a family. F. H.. 248 Ellis st.
WHEELWRIGHT and wagonmaker: city or
country. Address Wagonmaker, 787 Folsom.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mall, 60c. Phone, Mint 257.
EXCHANGE.
CITY Income property to exchange for small
fruit ranch. . Box 3390, Call offlce.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NEW flats now ready: 4 to 10 rooms, $20 up.
At SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market st,
A BRAND new 4 rooms; porcelain bath, electrlo
lights, gas, grates, nice storeroom ; grand ma-
rine view. 1421 Green st., near Van Ness aye.,
one block from O'Farrell or Sutter Bt. cars.
A SUNNY upper and lower; 3 rooms and bath;
only $9 and $10. 5 and 7 Bonlta aye., off Polk
Bt. near Vallejo.
BARGAIN— 6 rooms; corner flat: reasonable
rent; well furnished: large plate glass mir-
rors, folding bed, stove; must be Bold. Call
for 3 daya. 1102 Valencia st.
ELEGANT sunny flat; 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wil-
low aye.. near Laguna st.
FURNISHED fiats: 3, 6 or » rooms. $8 up; 10-1J
a. m., 7 St. Mary's. Pine and Kearny.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MIDDLE flat 7 rooms; 141S Howard at., near
Tenth; cheap rent.
SHIPLEY, 45. near Fourth— Sunny upper flat;
4 rooms; separate entrance.
SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms, bath, gas. station-
ary tubs: rent reduced. 331 Tehama St.
TWO sunny modern flats. 6 rooms and bath
each; rent $20 and $25. 971 Golden Gate aye.
VALENCIA, 223— Sunny flat, partly furnished;
6 rooms, 5 closets; bath and gas; reasonable.
WALLER, 719—6 rooms and bath: rent reduced;
fine condition. MADISON & BURKE.
t LARGE rooms, with basement, if desired,
and sunny yard: cheap. 11 Harlan plaoe, off
Grant aye., near Sutter st.
S ROOMS and bath; 4 closets; also storeroom,
923 Shotwell st.
$6— LOWER flat and yard. 726V4 Harrison st,,
between Third and Fourth.
$S— THREE rooms In good order; upper part.
805 First St.. above Folaom.
$15— SUNNY flat. 4 rooms and bath. For par-
ticulars Inquire at 1626 Howard st., near 12th.
$16— SIX rooma and bath; lower part. 12 Guy
place, off First Bt., Just above Folsom.
$20— MIDDLE flat, t rooms. 711 Castro st., near
Twentieth.
jis— Upper flat. « rooms, with porcelain
bath. 541 Castro St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
$16— Bunny flat of 5 rooms on Twentieth st.,
near Castro. F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
BROADWAY, 1632— Modern furnlßhed flat of 8
rooms: bath; sun all day; fine marine view.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room sat in
antique oak; also folding bed In cherry and
other household furnishings. 15 Dame St., off
Thirtieth, near Church. ,
FURNITURE of 6-room hoiwe- by piece or as
a whole; leaving city. 12 Hoft aye., near Six-
teenth and Mission. Call Tues. and Wednes.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRICE & ROSENBACM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
CHAB. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 • Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A/-NURSE, $25, se« lady here at 11:10; a French
lady's maid, $25, city. MISS CULLEN, 223
Butter st.
A— INSTITUTION cook. $40. also chambermaid
and plain sewing, $20. MISS CULLEN. 825
Sutter st. .
A— WAITRESS: Trinity Co.; $20; far* here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— HOUSEWORK, Pleasanton. $25. see lady
here: Eureka. $25, fare paid. MIS 3 CULLEN.
825 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONH GRANT IS3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Woman to run kitchen, storeroom and din-
ing-room, $35; 2 pantry girls, $20; 2 chamber-
maids, city, $25 and $15; 5 chambermaids to
wa.lt. $20; 6 waitresses, country. $20; 8 restaur-
ant waitresses, $G and $7 week; woman cook.
$30, and dishwasher, $16; woman nurse. Insti-
tution, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
houßeglrls, cooks, nurses, second girls look-
ing for positions, call and select a place and
if not eulted register with C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary St.
A— BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB, ROOM 102,
927 MARKET ST.. PHONE SOUTH 279.
10 girls, general housework; $20 to $25.
2 young French girls; child's nurse; $15.
2 German girls; second work: $20.
4 second girls; must wait; $20.
1 woman for Peßcadero: good, plain cook;
wash and Iron: room alone; fare paid; $20.
2 middle-aged women; good homes; kind to
children: see lady here; 'fare paid; Peta-
luma; $29.
1 woman; general housework; family 4:
Truckee; fare paid; $20. ;. »,
2 waitresses; lunch; at once.
1 woman for country; fare paid; $20.
6 lady solicitors; at once; see manager.-
25 other positions: call early.
WANTED— Cook and wife for resort, $50 to
$60; institution cook. $40; laundress and cham-
bermaid, $30; German chambermaid. $20;
waitress, $25. country hotel; 6 second- girls,
$20; French second girl, $20; mother and
daughter, $50 and $25; 3 cooks, plain wash,
$25: German cook $30. no wash; hotel cook,
$30; kitchen maid, $23; chambermaid and
waitress. $20. city and country: W restaurant
and hotel waitresses, $20, and $6 and $7 a
week; 50 girls for housework. $20. $25. coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— For Institution, short distance In
country, good strong woman to help In din-
ing-room and kitchen; salary $25 per month,
with board, room and washing. Apply to W.
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
HOUSEKEEPER, $2il, not over 25 years old ;
chambermaid and waitress, hotel, $20; house-
Klrl, two In family, $20; middle-aged woman
for second work, $20; 3 second girls. $25 and
$20: laundress, $30, private family; woman to
cook for 20 men, $25 to $30; middle-aged
woman, light housework, country, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
lIIONERS and ODerators wanted. National
Laundry. 411 Sanchez st.
DRESSMAKING hands .wanted at 1407 Lagu-
na «t. . ¦¦-.,¦
WANTED— Respectable girl for housework In
' private family; $15 per month; good home.
1215 Bush, between Hyde and Larkin. ;
WANTED— Woman for right housework In ex-
change for a good home and small wages.
Call 724 Clementina, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG lady, 18 to 25, easy work; permanent
position if satisfactory. Box 3392. Call office.
GIRL to assist light housework. Call 829 Gold-
en Gate aye. :
WANTED— Good ironer on starch clothes; also
plain Ironer. 10 Oak st.
WANTED— Woman for general housework:
wages $15. 627 O'Farrell.
WANTED— Competent skirt makers. 616 Sut-
ter st.
YOUNG girl to assist housework from about
8 to 2; $6 month. 473 Eddy st,
TAILORESS and finishers on coats wanted.
425 Natoma st. . ,-¦
GIRL assist light housework; wages $12. 1323H
Stelner St., near Ellis.
GIRL to assist In housework. 96 Cumberland
st., corner Dolores.
COMPETENT young girl for general house-
work. 2524 Howard st.
FINISHERS on custom coats, make button-
holes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
A GIRL wanted to assist in general housework;
must sleep at home. 600 Clayton st.
AN experienced girl for general housework and
cooking. Call forenoon, 797 McAllister st.
GOOD waitress wanted at 43 Third st.
WANTED— First-class talloress on custom coats.
305 A Mason st.
WANTED— Experienced waist hand. 1264 O'Far-
rell st.
HELP for dressmaking. 857 Folsom st.
NEAT girl for light housework. 610*4 Polk st.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. SO9 Kearny St., room 2.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on ladles'
cloaks and suits. H. HOFFMAN, 131 Taylor.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist In store. 715 Lar-
kin st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work; references. Call Monday or Tuesday
morning. 1307 Vermont St., near 24th.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; no
washing. 1516 Larkin Bt., between Sacramento
and Clay.
WANTED— FIrst-class skirt hands at SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st,
GIRL for light housework; good home. 133
Rut s\ st.
A GIRL for housework in a small family; good
-wages. £24 Oak St.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. Lbvj
STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont's.; elevator.
I
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom pants. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market et.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st. '
GIRL to assist In light housework and help In
kitchen. 3109 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — Young experienced nurse to care for
young children; wages $30: city references re-
quired. Call Monday after 10 o'clock. 2017
Lyon Bt.
LADY agents wanted to sell Gilt Edge oil
stock. Apply room 397, Parrott bldg., S. F.
GIRL or woman to assist in light housework
and wait on lady. 716 Franklin St., near
Golden Gate aye.
APPRENTICE on vests; paid while learning.
16 Elgin Park, bet. Hermann and Thirteenth.
WANTED— Experienced hands; also appren-
tices on ladles' and Infants' wear. 1025 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— An educated woman; must be cap-
able, without lncumbrances. Box 3348. Call.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom,
shirts. ROGERSON. 635 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom pants. E4l Market st.
NIGHT school reopens April 2; speed class $3
per mo. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2220 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tlsemerfts and subscriptions has been opened
at 122$ Polk st. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & "READY... PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M.
6 furnace men. no experience, for a mine.. $M
6 laborers for a mine. $2 50 fare.... 534 and fd
6 men to irrigate orchard, fare Sl.. {-'6 and fd
Lunch counter cook for a 5a100n. ..530 and fd
Night cocks, $40 and found; night steward.
$40 and found; engineer, see boss here
2 butchers, country shops $35 and $30 and fd
Several blacksmith helpers
6 stablemen; 6 single-hand miners $75
2 miners, machine work .• $90
15 laborers for a sawmill, fare $2... 530 and fd
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay sC
X— WE PAY YOUR FARES TO-DAY
25 laborers, no experience $26 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FOR A SYNDICATE AND
BANK; YOU'LL SUIT
12 men or strong bdys to dig small trenches
bo water can run down between vines, trees,
etc.; help generally; what you don't know the
general manager will teach you; $!0 per
month and found; fare $1 10
..LOOK HEREI
15 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb and hoe
In an orchard (no experience required); fare
SOc; $17 60 and found
MECHANICAL HELP, ETC
4 blacksmiths, shops, ranches, etc., $45 and
found, $2 60 day: carriage trimmer, $3 day;
band sawyer. $4 day; tall edger hand. $2 75
day
TO THE MINES SPECIAL R. R. RATES
10 laborers (no experience required); you'll
suit; wages $43 per month and found; steady
Job: 12 miners, different gold mines, $75 and
$3 day; 15 muckers; come at once, $63 and fd.
....STABLES, DAIRIES, FARMS. ETC....
69 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for different
places $35, $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
15 milkers $30, $25 and fd; good places;
12 chore boys and men, $25, $20, $15. $10 and fd
M. _ R. SPECIAL LIST
16 boys for trades, stores, bakeries, factories,
wagons, hotels, paper offices, etc.; 6 coal
miners; 6 men to buck coal $75 and $60
WOODCHOPPERS, TIEMAKERS
Bs4 men for above work. $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75.
$1 60, $1, 76a cord; 13c, 12c, lie each; tools
and food advanced; some fares paid and at
mines • •
TEAMSTERS, ETC
27 scrapers, 4-horse teams, large ranch, $26
and found; 6 teamsters, special ranches,
$32 60, $26 and found; fare $1; other places...
* iN AND NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
6 two-horse teamster* $26 and found
16 laborers, fare 35c $27 60 and found
25 laborers, good Jobs. $1 75 day, $30 and
found; 3 laborers. San Mateo, $26 and found;
6 drillers, $60; 4 milk wagon drivers, $35. $30.
$25, $15 and found
2 BUTCHERS 4 TAILORS
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
87 cooks, $50, $45, $40, $36, $30, $25 and found;
25 waiters .and dishwashers. $30, $25, $20, $15
and found
7 laundrymen $35, $30, $26 and found
Several second and third cooks, porters; 5
ranch cooks and 250 Jobs not advertised
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay »t.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
100 teameters, laborers, rockmen and concrete
laborers for coast railroad, free fare
10 timber pliers, $30 and board; 6 machine
men and miners. $2 60 and $3 a day; 2 black
powder men, $2 60 a day; 2 choremen for sum-
mer resort, $26; 10 farmers. $20, $25 and $26.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— HEAD cook, $60 to $70; second cook, $35;
, kitchen hand, $25, for same country hotel,
see party here this morning; cook and dish-
washer, came country hotel, $40 and $18; 6
hotel and restaurant waiters, $40, $35 Rnd J25;
10 dishwashers, potwashers and kitchen men,
$30. $25 and $20; waiters, mine boardtng-house,
$25.- C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— CANDYMAKER, country shop, see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED— First-class hotel cook, country, $70,
and second cook, $35; waiter, country, ' $25;
dishwasher, $15; ranch cook, $20; short-order
cook, T7; waiter, $9 week: dishwasher. $25,
and other hotel and restaurant help: order
man to attend dumb waiter, $30; kitchen
man, $25: colored waiter, $25 and found. J
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— IS miners. $2 60 and $3 day; 10
handy men about mine, $2 day; 2 machine
tlmbermen for mine, $3 day; 6 Italian miners,
$2 60 day: furnace man for mine, $2 50 day;
10 laborers for timber, railroad and woods,
$26 and board: steam feed sawyer, $4 day:
machine man, country mill. $3 day. and
others. J. F. CROSETT . AGENCY, 628 Sac-
ramento et.
WANTED— 4 men and wives. $35, $45 and $50:
10 milkers, $25 and $30: 8 farmers, $25 and $26;
6 boys for delivery wagons, 75 cents day;
American driver for milk wagon: 2 laundry-
men, $40 and found, country; hotel laundry-
man, $30 and found; blacksmiths, carriage
painters and many others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
BARBERS; first-class man wishes to rent fur-
nished shop, 2 or 3 chairs, with living rooms
attached; option of purchase; town or coun-
try. Addreess j box 3383. . Call office.-
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
GRUBSTAKE— 6O miners and laborers for Nome
; and return: $5 per day. board and lodging;
must have responsible and reliable parties;
applicants must have $110. 89 Murphy bldg.
1236 Market st.. 10 to 12 and 2 to 6. -
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Wheelwright, short distance In
country. $50 per month and board
Stableman, nice country stable, near city.
$30 and found; buggy washer. $33 and found;
milkers, $35 and $30; farm hands and others]
choreman about private* place, near city, $1*
and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Second cook for nice small restau-
rant In city; $40. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
BOY for factory: must be active; $3 per weelc
to begin. 927 Market st., room 201.
MILK wagon driver; Scandinavian preferred;
wages $30 a month and found. 145 Noe st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth st., San Rafael; telephone red !¦>.
GOOD vest and pants maker for country:
good Job. P. GREENBERO A CO., Flood
building, rooms 2S, 29 and 30.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants position In Hum-
boldt or Mendoclno counties. Address box
3391. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced yard men; Benlcla
Tanner}-; steady position; wages $1 75 per
day. Call 106 Battery st.
OFFICE boy wanted. FINK & SCHINDLER.
1309 Market st.
GENERAL tailor and coatmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Good dishwasher; some cooking to
do: 35. eSQ Fourth st.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker to work ln-
side. 411% Kearny St.. first floor. ¦
BOY with some experience to set type. Apply
after 12:30 at 34 California St.. second floor.
WANTED— Shoemaker, old man, on repairing.
634 Pacific et.
COAT, vest and pants makers. Call early, «35
Kearny st.
BARBER wanted: flrst-clasa. 1333 Market St.
BARBER wanted: steady if satisfactory. 1542
Market st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
TAILOR on custom coats; good wages. 140
Russ st.
GOOD barber wanted at 252 Ellis Bt.
WANTED— A barber at 1291 Folsom st.; steady
Job.
AN elevator boy wanted at 102 Ellis st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 628 Fourth St..
Parnell Restaurant.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 660 Howard St.. Ger-
man Hotel.
BARBER for Wednesday and Saturday. 626
Fourth st. 1
GOOD barber wanted; flrst-class only need ap-
ply. 1759 Union st.
YOUNG man, 22 to 30: good position If satls-
factory. Box 3393. Call offlce. '
MEN and women to learn barber, halrdresslng
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL, 741 A Howard st.
BARBER shop: building, ground, lease; coun-
try; first class; part cash. G. W. S.. MUI
Valley.
MEN to go north for the summer; no experi-
ence required. 26 Steuart st.
TAILOR on custom coats; good wages. 140
Rugs s-
WANTED— Young butcher at 113 Seventh st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
PROTESTANT man and wife In country town;
cooking and chores; wages $37 50. MRS.
CATTELL. 526 Eighth St.. Oakland.
TAILOR, steady work; good wages. 423 Ninth
St., Oakland^
BOY to learn trade In printing offlce. 1008 Mis-
sion Bt.
BARBERS— L, want to buy a small 5o or 100
shop. Box 3162, Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 11 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. or
£30 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: only 2
months required; flrst-class Instruction. For
particulars address Gordon Barber College. 417
N. Main St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
SALESMAN for hardware in 'San Francisco
and surrounding towns; permanent position
to energetic party; esperlenoe not necessary.
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. Cleveland. Ohio.
GRUBSTAKE— £O miners and laborers for Nome
and return; $5 per day, board and lodging:
must have responsible" and reliable parties. S3
Murphy bldg.. 1236 Market. 10 to 12 and 2 to b.
FIRST-CLASS roatmakers and coat pressers.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St..
YOUNG German. 17 to 20, some exDerience, to
work in grocery. Address box 3347, Call.
WANTED — Agents to handle glld-ed*» oil
stock. Apply room 307. Parrott building.
YOUNG men to go whaling; no experience re-
quired. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
PANTSMAKER wanted. Apply cigar-stand,
Unlon-st. car station. Presidio.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 230
to COc. 662 Mission St.. bet. lat and 2d sts.
BARBER wanted to buy barber shop; modern
furnishings: 2 revolving chairs, etc.; best lo-
cation In Alameda; will sell very cheap; as a
whole or In lots to suit; cash or installments.
Apply Oakland Auction Co., 465 Twelfth st.,
Oakland, or E. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st.. Ala-
in ed a.
BARBERS— For sale, the best 1-chalr shop in
the State; price $400. Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. 10fi Ellis st.
WANTED— FIrst-class ladles* tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S. 403 Sutter St.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. 662 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS operators on custom coats and
pants; also pressmen on coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 wesks;
day and evening classes; special inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 6J3
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. .New York.
Bt. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 250 night; reading room; free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
. summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. EtO — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction. sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
60 HORSES: 6 hours from Oakland: also 150
stock horses Modoc County. J. T. JONES.
965 Fourth aye.. Oakland.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black, teams.
FAMILY cow; fresh. Apply 712 Guerrero st.
near Nineteenth.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzer's
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
A — 44-ROOM corner; electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar; in Stockton 750
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2200
16 rooms; new furniture: rent $65 isoo
Partner in 2S-room house neo
20 rooms on Turk st goo
8-room new flat; elegant 650
18 rooms on 1 floor: near Call offlce 550
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 4CJ
30 rooms; fine sunny corner; on one floor. S<jO
25 rooms; on Market st. ; worth $1200.... M*
10 rooms: on Mason st.; payments 450
65 rooms; on Bush St.: clears $250 ISoO
30 rooms; on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms: on Market St.; payments ISOO
60, 40 and 125 rooms; boarding-house
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO ..22Vt OEAKY ST.
Money to Loan at Low Rates
, Telephone Biack £052.
9-room flat; newly furnished; central $400
10 rooms: nicely furnished; cheap 500
19 rooms; new and good; profitable 1000
16 rooms; new and good; profitable 900
25 rooms: modern corner: offices 270»
10 rooms; fine corner: central; 0n1y....... 4CO
105 rooms; modern; with elevator* E5OO
$1800—36 ROOMS: transient: best downtown; $200
monthly. KREDO & CO.
$160— 4-ROOM cottage: Gough St.: cheap rent:
leaving city. KREDO & CO.. &. Geary st.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
12 ROOMS; S blocks N. of Market $450
IS rooms; Geary st.; fine and full 16G0
26 rooms on G. G. aye.. cor.; rent $100 1659
32 rooms: cor.: 2 blocks of Mkt.; rent $100. 900
64 rooms; 1 block of Mkt.; money maker. 3^oo
M. GRIFFIN, 713 Market St., nr. Call bldg.
28 ROOMS: corner: near Tlvoll; rent only $63;
price $1100. WINSTON & CO.. lOCS Market st.
39 ROOMS: corner: good furniture: $800 buys it.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
105 ROOMS: business corner: clears $150; price
$S^>. WINSTON & CO.. 10:6 Market st.
NICE sunny corner: central: 14 rooms; well
furnished: reasonable offer considered; select
houses" 10 to 100 rooms. Many fine bargains
In houses. Money loaned at 2 per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market, ras. 1-2.
PARTY wlsMnc to sell lodging house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st.; new cash buyer dally.
A— WANTED: good tenants for new houses;
95 and 150 rooma. At SPECK & CO.. 657 Mkt.
NICE 12-rcom house. Ellis, near Jon-". $450; 1>
rooms, nice furniture. Geary St.. $uOO. C. D.
DAVIS, room 89. 918 Market st.
ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms, bath.
laundry: nice yard: permanent roomers;
profitable investment; 4 blocks from Market.
new and clean. 457 Golden Gate aye.
PAYING 10-room house for sale at a bargain.
Box 3333. Call office. _
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
IS pastes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES— LODGING To Let.
A LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms: 213 Eddy St..
near Taylor. Owner 73t Schrader st.
HOUSES TO LET."
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
OLIVE aye.. s<!o. near Laguna— S rooms and
bath; rent very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
STEVENSON. 534—6 rooms: near Market; rent
cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let — A furnished house; 10 rooms, with mod-
ern Improvements: lar<re garden, lawn, etc
Apply on premises. 2143 Larkin St., after ?
p. m.. cr of owner. S. OTIS, at 313 Montgom-
ery st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Lady's black purse containing money
and keys, at the California Theater yesterday
afternoon. Return purse and keys (keep
money) to theater box office.
LOST— GoId-rlm glasses, on Larkin or Polk sts.
Return 219 Elm aye. ; receive liberal reward.
LOST— lrish setter bitch pup; reward. Return
to 133S Valencia st.
MEDICAL.
DRSGo6^W[N?TnTwe7r^own ladles^ physf-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure tn one
day; 15 years' successful practice la 8. F. ;
maternity home: low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. G W. O" DON NELL the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prao-
tlced in 8. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^ Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable: consultation free. 1122 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to I p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: horn*
in confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
flce. $5; any ailment: consultation tree. 943
Post St., between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5: safe-
acd reliable; consultation fre«; hours 10 to 8.
DR. ar. 1 MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market: ladles"
physt'lan; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
st. ; every case guaranteed : $3 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
.MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTB Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cores; revitalizes; saves life acd doctor
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANIDROSI3. 47 Post »t.. 9 TV. Cal.
MILL VLLLEY HOUSES,
TO let— Mill Valley residence, f mo. or more;
modern. 12 rooms, stable, bearing orchard. 1
block* from station. P. GARDNER, Mill
Valley. Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH &. WOLPMAN. 136-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures : new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-IC2I-1023 Mission
st.. above Sixth.
$100 PREMIUM will be given to any one who
can cause water to penetrate the fibers of
leather after being treated with The Esqui-
mau; It docs not crack, harden or discolor tha
leather; agents wanted everywhere; send 150
for sample can. Address 2vLo Mi*ston st.
PLAT in O. F. Cemetery: choice location. Old
Friends' Homestead; sloping ground; no rea-
sonable offer refused. C. H. BLOHM, 111 Calif.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter, 10 months old;
will sell at a bargain. 2523 Sixteenth st.
A VERY fine silver and gold plated "Conn"
clarionet for $22; cost originally $75. UNCLR
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SAUSAGE makers — 30-gallcn boiler. 13-pound
Wasner stuffer, 1 set racks, 1 counter, etc..
for sale cheap. 206 Twelfth St.. near Howard.
WINDMILL — Fine windmill In good order. Ap-
ply GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 17C«
Market st.
PIPE 10,000 ft.; 3. 4, 6 In. diam.; good condition;
In lots to suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
FOX terrier pups; also Maltese bull terrier
pups. 217'-i Tehama st.
FOR sale — An electric fan or will exchange for
a good bicycle. Apply 19 Polk st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
MAKE walking easy by wearing rubber heels;
recommended by physicians; put on while you
wait; tOc. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
ISG9 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A FINE suit $10: dress pants $2 75. Mlsflt
Clothing Parlors, 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Walpman. 135 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERBY anl Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price. Hatter*. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
PORTABLE englfs. boilers; Iron and "wood
planers: lathes: Id-hand. J. Burke. 130 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
8 H. P. STEAM hoist and boiler In perfect
order; cheap- H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market it.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork:
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st.
A 10-TO.V Fatrbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar prwf_«___e_^_sCallfornlast !^
10.000 FEET new rubber belting, half price
RQP.T. BRAND A CO.. 527 Third St.. Oakland.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. IC9-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: S loromotlvew. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.VTs!
WANTED— OId fast-flying plgeona; no squahs
For terms and shipping directions epply to
Ban Francisco Trap Shooting Association *"*3
Market st. ; ' .-
WANTED— A No. 1 rockaway by KANE ft
DALY. Fourteenth and Webster sts.. Oakland.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. 11. L. WHITF.HEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOA.^
ANY proposition, any araount;T^erTenTnirit"
second mortgages, estates In Rrobate. interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free' G P
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle blUj
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro^
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- no IT
lay; get my terms before doing business else
where. R. McCOLOAN. 2t Montgomer^. r £
H ? G . HLT /««P««table private place to obtaia
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 844 Marine
•t.: teL Main 1644. Branch U Third .tT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1900.
10Suicide of a Miner.
¦REDDING, April 2.— Late last night , a
young miner of French Gulch committed
suicide by. shooting himself In the head.
He had been drinking heavily for several
days. A lovers' quarrel occasioned the
drinking bout which led to despondency
and his suicide. ' .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
"27 and 29 Flf th* st. Tel. South ' 167. ¦•'"-
FUNER A L DIRECTORS AND EMBALM ERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
HENRY «I. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS.
U Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
MIHV. Telephone South 80. .;iSV9»
MONEY TO LOAN.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
lurniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. HECKER &. CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. ISO Powell st
AT 126 Kearny 6t. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 895.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
fcervice; money direct; lowest interest Rooms
eS and £S. Donchue building. 1170 Market at
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver
bought; scad postal. COLEMAN'S, 606 Kear-
ny st.
ON chattel mortgages, estates, rents, real es-
tate, etc. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6€7 Market.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
ether collateral. D. McRAE. 743 Mission st
MONEY leaned salaried people without security.
HILL. mi. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUPTI N'S Falary Lean Co.. 3C6 Parrott bulld-
lng— Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOAN'S to salaried people; personal security
only. TOCSLKY. 321 Parrctt building.
CASH loaned to raiaried people on note without
lndorser. WORRELL, CC9 Examiner building.
W TO ilCCi*; lowest rates; let and Ed mortjs. ;
acy proposition. DRTDEN. 41S Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property la mortgaged and you need
mere money ccc H. MURPHY, €30 Market f-t.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndor»er;
other prepositions; private rooms. San Fran-
clbco Discount Agency. 143 Pheian building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A LARGE NUMBER OF FINE BARGAINS
IN 6TKINWAY.
WEBER,
CHICKERINO.
HAI-- ES BROS..
BUSH & GERTS.
ELLINGTON.
AND OTHER PIANOS.
The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchast-d by Us.
It will pay you to call and see them.
UPRIGHTS no UPWARD.
FQI'ARES $25 UPWARD.
ORGANS JM UPWARD.
UYRON MAU7.Y.
80S POST ST.
WE HAVE WHAT YOU MAY WANT.
YOU MAY HAVE WHAT WE WANT.
WE WANT MONEY WHICH YOUMAY HAVE.
WE HAVE PIANOS WHICH YOU MAY WANT.
Our planes are the DECKER & SON, PACK-
ARD, and BOOTHE BROS.; we have many
good wconcS-liand ir.Etruments varying in price
from $75 to 1275; call for price lists and terms.
MAUVAIS' Music House, 7£9 Market st.
ALL kinds of musical instruments cold for cash
or installments at lowest prices at MAU-
VALS' 768 Market et.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. £$ and 30 O'Farrell et. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dune to please and eatlsfy ths
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LF.it & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell et
A LIST OF MOXET SAVERS.
B*XEX>lea from factory which are out cf our
regular line; such makes as Weber. Hardman.
Ocoover, liehr. llverett and Klngsbury: prices
frora $150 to $2">o less than regular price. Also
t- rl.zhtly used piano? from $137 up; easy pay-
m< r.ts. Pee us thir werk If you want a enap.
BEXJ. CUHTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell et.
ARE you in need of a piano? We have a larg*
mscrtrr.er.t of new and second-hand pianos of
the beet makers; cold for cosh or very easy
rayments; $6 down and $6 per month for an
t-legant row upright; some pood pianos for
13, $4 and R per month. EHERMAN, CLAY
& CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
JCamy sts., Fan Francisco; corner Thirteenth
ar.B Broadway. Oakland.
A FI3IST-CLASS upright Stelnway; several sec-
ond-hand uprights In perfect condition; 7-
ocitve pquare. $25; will be sold this week by
J. DEWTNG CO.. Flood building. ag»nta for
Hoz''lton. New Dewing Bros.. Chase Bros.
A FEW pianos will be Bold for storage at auc-
ticr. price*: dirt cheap for cosh. WILSON'S
Storage. 1710 Maiket Ft. I
PIANO— Fine upright: co^t $450; must be #old
\y th* £th: great sacrifice. Box 33J4, Coll.
FINK Ftocber & Btcfawsy upright; sacrificed.
KF-HKFE'S. 301* Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
A BARGAIN— Stelnway. $125; store opf-n Eat
tvralng. He'.rie Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT -CURTAZ PIANO CO.. CGO Hayes st
W C,. BADGER, 4TI Sacramento st, agent for
Francla Bacon and Hallett & Davia pianos.
G<">or> upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister Et.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister et.. next Hibemla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER. ranker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
Iir.— STORE. NW. cor. Post and Baker, with
fixtures; 3 rooms In the rear; concrete cellar.
FOR rent— Elegant offices in Y. M. C A.
building. Mason and Ellis ets.
EIGHTH, 221—3 eunny room* with store; rent
cheap. ;
PACIFIC. TA and 22S— Two handsome large
r t.ires : very cheap.
PALMISTRY.
MME Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Pairniftry: rea^f 1 to S. Cl€ Geary, nr. Jonea.
PEBSOXALS.
LCDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonic Is harmless
and very beneficial; 35c bottle; Foamo Sham-
t>oo is the best; 5c package. 123 Stockton et.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has only |
the very newest styles; 25c; this week only al-
cohol eto\es for curling Irons. 15c to 4»c; 22-
lnch twitches. $3 SO. 113 Stockton et.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR permanently removed
by electric needle. 1206 Market et.. room 14.
EDW BELLE — Oudry. photographic Paris-
lenne. Entrance ltth. nr. Washington. Oakid.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by uelng Talcott's Curling Fluid; 25
cents bottle. ; ;___
G D. MORSE, photographer, 2606 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Scott; phone Btelner 339 L
MRS DR. L. BURGER, late matron of Ger-
man Hocbitol. N. V.. socialist for bladder,
kidney, skin diseases and cancer, office 106
Fourth et. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. San
Mateo Orphan Afylum. Bays: I had cancer on
my left leg I was treated by Mrs. Burger.
106 Fourth st., end certify that I was cured
m a Bhort time. Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
A FINE tu'.t to order $10 73. or pants $3 75: our
•pedalty in remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than reaiy-ir.aae. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et., bet. 7th and fcth. prop. One-price Tallor-
oring Co.. £32 Kearr.y. near Sacto.; also 1644
Market »t. und<r St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
fr«-« 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
51ME. ADA enrw rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like magic fmm her
•wonderfully alfted hands. 1343 Howard st.
ELAND'S t>econd-hand clothing store, 79 Ninth;
full value given for ladies', children's cast-off
clothing, truhks. etc. Phone. Howard 1182.
FTAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden St.. Oakland.
WANTED— OId gold for monufg. O. NOLTE.
• ?w , . r , ut O'Farrell, b*»t. Powell and Mason.
IF you wi*h full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen, IS7 Third: tel. Black 4123..
LADIES' and gents' cart-off clothing bought and
sjoM. Silverman, I'M Polsem; tel. Folsom 119 L
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
rrmtn. H. M. HF.INEMAN. 109 Sansome rt.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1"?1H Market ft.. b»t. Sixth ar.d Seventh.
REAL.' CSTATE CITV — KOR SALE.
TO make an Immediate sale I have been in-
letrufted to fix the price of 2 well-located lots
in Richmond at 1125 each. 1250 for both: 50x
JV> feet- California Title Insurance Company
will give certificate. W. J. GUNN, C3O Ca!l-
fornla ct.
fll. r .O— COST 11500; cory 4-room cottage and
|»>atii; 229 TU»j<\ aye., between Detroit and
IMna Ets. ; lot 25x112:6; Bur.nyslde Homestead
Association. CIIAS. C. FISHER, 424 Market.
MODEL HOME.
it large runny rooms, bath, laundry, basement,
large attic, furnace, conservatory; lot $oxll7
!nt tr. alley; unobstructed view of city and
ba>': beautiful flower», lawns, fruit trtes,
«"hi. K> n-hou»e, etc.; $2500 cash, balance easy
payments. 15 Vlck*burg Et. ; take Twenty-
tcond-gt. electric car« to 24th and Vlcltsburg.
PACIFIC Het#rht»— Lots fifO per foot. THE Me
CAUTHY CO.. €4C Market at.
WANTED— WM-tern Addition. Pacific Heights,
.Presidio and Richmond corner lots. THE Mc-
CAI'.TIIY «T>. C 46 Market Et -
SACRIFICE— New 9-room. 1-story house; lot
26:6x200, with chicken-house, etc.; suitable
for f.Bis: must be sold: moke an offer; $2000
or less. £HAX>BURXE, CIC Sacramento Et
REAL SSTATB— CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
Loan Money.
CS7 Market St., opposite Kearny.
1100,000— Market st ; 2 frontages; pays 4 per
cent net on old Improvement.
$200.000— Market Et.; 90 feet front: pays 4 per
cent net; a grand purchase.
$90,000— Grand Investment, few blocks from
Chronicle: rents $500; 50 feet front; brick im-
provements.
$80.000— Grand corner; 75 feet front; half block
from Market st. t not for from Sixth; rents $300.
$S5.OOC— Rare Investment; vicinity Powell and
Gearj" sts.; 4-story brick building; stores and
lortping house above; 36 feet front.
$45.(K.'»— Corner; rents $400; modern improve-
ments; lot 80x135 feet.
$40.000— Must sell; near Kearny St.; near
Chronicle: rents $3500 a year; 35 feet front
124, 0u0— Sixth st.; 75 feet front; rents $2400
yearly; K<x>d building; 4 etores. •
$15.000— Taylor St.. near Eddy.
$10.000— Eddy st.: large lot; rent* $90; all
rented.
A bargain — N. K. cor. Clay and Lyon ets. ; £6x
105 feet; make offer.
$SOOO— Six elegant new flats; lot 60x100 ;pet;
all rented for $S4 a month; grand bargain.
$7650— Six- good flats; rents $>60 yearly; down-
town; lot 50 feet front.
$6500— Three choice Rate; Hayes fit; mortgage
MOW; a snap.
$5500— Pcwell-st. flats; all rented; $62.
12900— Four flats, within few blocks of Ninth
and Market sts. ; rents $35.
$1750 — Two nice flats; rents $16 CO.
$750— Six rooms and lot 45x72 feet
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market st
WANTED at onee — Nice, clean, vacant flats
and houses for good tenants. Apply at once.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
J1.250— 2 SUNNY flats; Broderick st. near Clay;
f and 6 rooms and bath each; key lot; rents
j:<\ n. -Ht be scld; for a lew days only. Box
3165. Call office.
2 FINE business corners, with Improvements;
IOPxICO, SW. cor. Church and Seventeenth, and
75x56. cor. Nineteenth and Hartford. GEO.
W. EX. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market St.
IF you have lots in Richmond district, north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call en W. J. GUNN. C3O California st.
j£soO_2 FLATS, strongly built: Washington St.,
near Larkln; lot 27:6x137:6; here are flats
rleht near town; 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each: must tell. Box 3164, Call office.
HAVE you real estate In the Mission or Hor-
net's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call on W. J. GUNN. E3O California St.
BROADWAY, bet Jones and Leaven worth Ets.
—2 flats: lot pays $M per cent. 1728 Hyde st,
near Broadway.
MUST be sold; store and flat: SE. cor. Marl-
pesa and Florida, near nryant. See owner.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
FOR BALE. i
One of the very finest pieces of paying busl-
ne»s property in the city of San Jose. Cal..
for the purpose of closing estate of Francis
Etock, deceased; 75* teet front on First at.
between Eayta Clara and El Dorado sU.. with
an "L" of 29 feet frontage on El Dorado st. ;
all covered with business buildings paying $430
per month rental.
Apply to S. F. LEIB, attorney for executors.
Ean Jose. Cal.
ALTA PUNTA Tract, Pan Pablo aye., » miles
north of Berkeley, near Banta Fe railroad:
valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
rr.apß. t-tc. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. Et.
J W HORN. Fl2 Main st.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County birgalns.
ROOMS FOR UOUSEKEEPINO.Iii
A~FITAT~of 4 beautiful large rooms, with bath.
completely furnished for housekeeping; hot
and cold water; gas and telephone; new
hou«e; fine view; healthy location; In a small,
private family: no children wanted; refit rea-
sonable. 4231 Twentieth St.. near Castro.
A— 2 LARGE sunny front rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; $2 50 per week; $10
per month: furniture all new. Apply at shoe
Btore. EC2 Mission st, bet. First and Second.
BIRCH aye. CIS. bet. Laguna and Buchanan-
Two rooms and kitchen. $7; water Included.
BUSH, €16—2 suites of rooms for housekeeping;
2 single rooms; sunny tide; rent reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. K23— Sunny pajlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
FIFTH. 34S— Two rooms furnished for house-
keeping; cheap rent.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— 3 unfurnished
room;, $10; also 2 unfurnished rooms. $7.
FOLSOM, 776^—2 neatly furni6hed connecting
rooms for housekeeping; also 1 single room;
reasonable.
FULTON, 21—2 eunny furnished front rooms;
gas range; bath; modern; reasonable.
GEARY. 3SJ— Elegant housekeeping rooms; only
$1S; also single. IS to $13.
GEARY. 475— Front alcove; light housekeeping
if desired; gas, bath; rent $18.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 40S— Furnished parlor:
also large alcove; private American family;
adults.
HOWARD, 7CIH— Nicely furnished sunny single
and double rooms; housekeeping; man and
wire; reasonable^ _^____
HAVES. 120—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
elnk and stove; rfnt $10.
JACKSON. 8019— Elegant house: S furnished
rooms; one double; with gas; $27 60; gas stove.
JESSIE, 373. near Fifth and Market— House-
keeplng rooms; $10.
MARKET, 1352. over Monarch Shoe Btore— Fur-
nished housekeeping rooms: also single rooms.
MARKET, ICIB, opposite Tenth— Large sunny
alcove; housekeeping; furnished ; $7..
MISSION. 945— Nicely furnished front room;
folding bed and kitchen; complete.
NINTH. 20, near Market— 2 sunny, connecting
housekeeping rooms; etove; water; gas; $1L
OAK, 119 — One large tunny furnished ' house-
keeping room; Iron bed; closet; $8.
O'FARRELL, 750— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lor; folding bed; nice kitchen; side entrance.
POLK. £22— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
rlko single rooms; rent cheap.
SACRAMENTO, 1514, near Larkln— Elegantly
furnished suite or single: sunny; appreciated
if seen; light housekeeping if desired.
SECOND, 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single r6oms; clean and respectable; rea-
sonable. *
THOROUGH muelc teacher wishes room for
studio in exchange for lessons. Address box
2741. Call office, Oakland.
TI'RK. M5 — Large furnished front room; also
2 furnished housekeeping rooms. .
TURK 127 -Room for man and wife; light
CouEekpg. : $10; large single front room, $6.
TWELFTH, ' 12, near Market— Bedroom and
kitchen suitable for housekeeping; rent $8.
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnished suites, com-
plete for housekeeping.
UNION Square aye., 12CB— Nice sunny front
single room; also housekeeping room.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— 1 or more rooms, en
eulte; parlor floor; gas range; complete for
housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bos been established at 1098
Valencia rt.
ROOMS TO LET— Form, and Unfnrn.
A-BRUNBWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms
tsc to II per night; $1 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AN elegantly furnished front alcove room,
batb adjoining; marine view; suitable for 1 or
2 gentlemen. 825 California Et, nr. Powell.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," 324 Bush St., ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. 229 Post st. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single' rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, stngle; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 706 (St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Efunny corner; well furn.; rms. & of flees.
FOLSOM, 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single; new mgmt.
FRANKLIN. 417— Large sunny partly furnished
room In middle flat; light housekeeping If
deslrffl; $8 .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlih-
««d rooms;sultes or single: travelers . accom.
GRAND SOUTHERN.' southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles* parlor: reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; by day, week or month.
HANCOCK nOUEE. 781 Mission st— Select
family rooming house; $1 Ut to it per week.
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from II week up to J5.
25c to II night; also housekeeping romos.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; transient. ¦
MISSION, t»7A (Avoca House)— N«w; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop.
NINTH, 160— Sunny furnished rooms to let;
•H-jtn or without board. ' .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ORLANDO House. 959 Howard, cor. Sixth—
Bunny rooms; prices to suit; cpen night.
POST. 239, corner Stockton— The finest furnished
transient rooms for. tourists In the city;. first
floor; hot and cold water; elevator.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
HOOMS TO LET — Farn. and Cnfnrn.
ROSEDALE House, 319 & 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night. 85c to $1; week, $1 25 to H: open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c Xp U 60; week. \2
to »8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor et., near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished . front rooms;
quiet place; large yard.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 18 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BTOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotlsserie)— Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to 130.
TENTH, 153— Unfurnished sunny rooms and
bath: In good condition; reasonable rent.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming housa
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK, 39— Elegant rooms, en suite or single;
transient, central and reasonable..
TURK. 126— Furnished room suitable for a gen-
tleman; $5 per month. .
VAN NESS. 101— Corner sunny front Buite;
bath, gas, phone: everything new; rent reas.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury;
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices moderate; 2 car lines pass hotel;
elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
St.. corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
NEW family hotel; first class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. 807 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
A— HOTEL La tformandle, 526 Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service; prices moderate.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 503— Sunny front room; closet,
bath and gas; breakfast and dinner; $16 a
month; private family.
ELEGANT suite of rooms, bath; gentleman
preferred; board If desired. S7B Geary st.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath; sin. ran. ; board optional.
NICELY furnished sunny rooms, with or wlth-
out board: $10 up. 742 O'Farrell et.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and board; furnished and unfurnished: $20 up.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devlsadero St.. near Eutter.
LADlES— Chichebter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
eend 4o stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall: at drug-
glsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa,
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery et., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SBWISG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post et., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PACIFIC Storaire and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; 'phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. S6uth 535; packing, moving and storage.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property: 95x
160; on Mission Et.. near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner.- box 3109. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
5 rooms $7519 rooms $100.00 8 roams 145
6 rooms 35 5 rooms 22.50:10 rooms 40
7 rooms 40:6 rooms 28.00! 6 rooms SO
7 rooms 3518 rooms 75.00|10 rooms 60
Great bargains in Improved property.
Lots all slzeß $250 to $4000.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
HALF block; well located, fine business corner;
Improved property; free from lncumbrance:
terms reasonable. Address A-NDREW, owner.
Call office. Oakland.
$4500— ELEGANT home of 9 rooms on Grand St.;
In a park-like neighborhood: all modern Im-
provements; near 6tatlon and school; this is a
great opportunity, as owner Is going to Eu-
rope. Call or address H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1300— COTTAGE house, 6 good rooms, bath,
basement; brick foundation: newly painted
and decorated: fine corner, 50x116; near train
and cart>; very easy terms. H. D. IRWIN.
Lorln station.
$2300— MODERN colonial house. 7 rooms and
bath; convenient to Dwlght way; on fine
street; large lot;. a bargain. H. D. IRWIN,
R. R. waiting room, Lorln station; open Sun-
days.
ELEGANT 9-rodm home, adjacent University,
Just completed: also 60-foot lot, with modern
6-room cottage In South Berkeley; $15C0. M.'
L. WURTS. Seventeenth and Broadway. Oak.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$10 CASH, $6 monthly till paid; chicken run; 60
x2S6 feet; price, all told. $190; level land;
sandy loam, 3 to 7 feet deep; no adobe; plenty
of good water: site and climate suoerb; no
cold winds or foes here; build your home or
we will build for you; stop paying rent; near
electrip- cars and 90-foot wide boulevard; not
far from a fine school; Westall Tract, adjoining
East Oakland; call or send for circulars. 455
Seventh st., near cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
H2oo— MODERN 4- room cottage; bargain; eaey
terms. 1402 East Twenty-second St., East
Oakland, or 869 Hayes st.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND PURXITURE FOR SALtI.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, ths
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— wllttraSTpropeirerCom-
pany, office tfnd principal place of business,
226 Market st., San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 9th day of
March, 1900. an assessment (No. t) of threa
(3) cents per share was levied, upon the capi-
tal stock of the corporation, payable imme-
diately in United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at th*
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 11th lay of April, 1900,
. will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before, will be sold on the 28th day of April.
. 1900. to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
226 Market at.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
MUTUAL ELECTRIC LIGHT CO.— A monthly
dividend (No. 7) of eight (8) cents per share
on the issued capital stock of the company
has been declared, payable at the office of
the company, 627 Howard st., San Francisco,
on April 10. 1900. Transfer books close on
April 4, 1900, at 4 o'clock p. m.
JAMES FISHER. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powdw Com-
pany Con. — A dividend (No. 16) of seventy-
five (75c) cents per share on the Issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia St., Ean Francisco, on April 10, 1900.
Transfer books close April 8, 1900, at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
~"~" PROPOSALS. ~~ "
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
FuppHes and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
April 24. 1900, and publicly opened immediate-
ly thereafter, to furnish at the naval station,
Puget Sound, Wash., a quantity of hardware,
wire rope, iron rod. lumber, and 1 double-
drum ship wind. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the naval station,
Puget Sound. Wash, or to the bureau. A. 8.
KENNY, Paymaster General, U. S. N.
3-26-00. *
UNITED States Engineer Office, Flood bulld-
¦ Ing, San Francisco, Cal. April 3, 1900.— Sealed
proposals for dredging In Alvlso Harbor. Cal..
will bo received here until 12 noon, -May S,
1900. Information on application. W. 11.
HEUER, Lieutenant Colonel Engineers.
M
Time— VL -13»4- 7-16. -MM: SW. 1:11. Good start. Won easing up. second and third driving.
Winner A Simons' bf., by Sp*ndthrift-lmp. Nuska. Winner all the best. Swiftwater
Plenty of early "peed. Gussle Fay no account. Ecratched-Nettle Clark 102. Lew- Zara
102 Klttv Kelly 102. .Enjoyment ; iAhwahne«lol^_ r^ rvt _^_ i^- o _ ) _ i> _^^
1020. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds fillies; purse, $300
Time— U 7 2l\i- H :50Vi; *4. 1:W;. Good start. Won easing up. second and third driving.
Winner 'Foster & Hack'ett's eh. h.. by imp. Regalls-Mattie Long. Just a romp for tne
winner' Poorlands ranbadly^Scratched-llannahß^
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H J Lewis. N V
Mrs Schmidt. Cal
Miss Schmidt. Cal
N R Salisbury, 111
H B Wood. Ean Jose
Mrs II B Wood. S Jose
F S Morris, Portland
W II Hill. Weaver
L A Hippach, 111 .
Mrs L A Hrppach. 11l
Mrs J Fischer, 111
Misses Van Winkle,
N V
Mis Wilson. N V
R Kondo, Japan
M Adayama, Japan
C Hutchlns, Boston
J A Davis, Chlcasro
Mrs J A Davis. 11l
U Gonce, Chicaco
Mrs Gonce, Chicago
R Mather. Chlcaso
Mrs Mather, Chicago
M Wool ley. N V
A Campbell, China
P Horbach, Omaha
T Flint Jr & w, SJuan
S P Huhn. Plhl
Mrs S P Huhn. Phil
A R Union, Chicago
W M Graham. Cal
Miss J Murray, Canad
J G Moore. Canada
Mrs Moore. Canada
A R Lewis, N V
Mrs A R Lewis. N V
Mra J P Arserslnger,
N V
Miss Argersinger, NY
Isabelle Argersinger,
N V
Elanore Argersinger,
N V
A J Kat*. N V
Mrs Katz, N V
M A Stern. N V
Mrs M A Stern. N V
C P Shelton. Boston
B H Shelton. Boston
Raymond & Whltcomb excursionists.
E B Haskell
Mrs E B Haskell
Mrs H HHr.Hkell
Miss Haskell
C II Perry
Mrs Perry
B A Varney
Mrs Varney
A Garner •
Mrs Garner
S R Briggs
Dr F L Dewey
Mrs Dewey
J Cook
Mrs Cook
Als Cook
G F Foster, Cal
A W Maltby, Cal
R Dollar, S Rafael
W J Proost. Cal
G M Gordon. Omaha
J T Thompson, Cal
P T Jackson. Cal
C H Farnsworth. Cal
G H Bush. Berkeley
H K Colman, Ohio
H P Andrews. Cal
J M HansbrouKh. Cal
C L. Nichols. Mont
C Grange & w, .Or
J Carroll. Seatle
O Prattl, Sacto
W Clayson. Skaguay
O W Hurd. Or
B Frink. Seattle
Mrs J M Frinjc & d,
Seattle . ;
Mis W Frlne. Seattle
N Blackstock. Cal
L. McPherson. Colo
R M Chamberlaln.Mlch
T L. Reed. Reedley
j F Thompson. Cal
F E HodKkln. Or_
Mrs N E Wilson. Reno
C O Anderson, N Y
B L. Hubbard. Cal
j R Jud^e. Carson
Mrs II H Graw. Sacto
Miss Oraw. Sacto
M Thomas. S Cms
O R Frompton. Artesia
N M Fromuton. Cal
NEW* WESTETtN HOTEL.
W E Alston. lowa
I, F Homing, Wls
FJ Cornell. Folsom
U G La Blanc. Cal
C Anderson, N V
H E Grabow. Minn
J Brennan. Willows
J C Berbercla. Cal
J A McEnlry. Vallejo
B W Chambers. Cal
G .B Henderson, Cal
W A Rea, Boston
B A Crowell. N V
Mrs B A Crowell.NY
Edith Crowell. N V
Hattle Crowell. N V
Eugene Crowell, N V
C E Crowell. N V
W G Barker, Mass
Elizabeth Barker.Mass
G Wets. Mass
Mrs West. Mass
N G Carmen. N V
Mrs, Carman. N V
Mrs A Keyser. S Lake
Mrs E H Scott. Ind
E Scott. Ind
J F G Bentlev. Mo
Mrs Bentiey, Mo
S Yell. Sacto J'~-
A Relnhart. Nevada
F Leonard. Nevada
M Schenck, N V
A C Bryer. Formosa
H D Martin. Ind
T C Davidson. Mont
G W Pel ten. Sacto
Mrs Pelter. Sacto
B J Wheeler, Cal
F f> Bates, San Mateo
A Gassle, N V
A G Mayer. N V
T T Williams. Cal
J A Norris. U S N
Mrs Norris. U S N
H Ramseger. Ham
burg
B Runge, Berlin
C Schueltze, China
Mrs S D ' Hepburn.
Japan
J W Foster. Cal
T M Moch. China
C R Mori In. China
H C Halnes, U S N
Mrs V TumpauKh. O
N S Clark. N V
WE Loorhlll, China
Mrs Loorhlll, China
J Cruckshank. Cal
Mrs Cook
H M Smith
Mamie Philips
Mrs H M Smith
F L Bell
Mrs L F Bell
P E Sanford
Mrs Sanford
May Weener
Miss Turtle
J Henderson
W F Howard
Mrs M B Davis
C H Marshall
Mrs Marshall
Annie F Smith
GRAND HOTEL.
A L McMullen. Mass
H M Mosher. L Ang
J J Powers & fy. N T
B R Smith. L jimg
D E Needham. S Uiego
J McCudden. VsJleJo
Miss McCudden, VUJo
Miss M Edson. Cal
J E Rathborn, Cal
E C Mllllan. Cal
F Subbe. Stanford
B Freeman, Frultval*
H Oraw. Sacto
T Hanrahan. Sacto
II Hilgenan. St Louis
Mrs Fink & en, Waah
Mrs Oliver, Spokan c
W H Nichols & w.Cal
E M Beath, Portland
J H Hunter. N V
F M Shridler. Eureka
D M Hill. Monroe
D M JKlng, Berkeley
W Lundgren St w.Was
W Lundgren & w.
Wash
F Payn. Los Ang
Mrs J J Thompson, Cal
F Shalp & w, China
S N Pye, St Louis
J M Brooks. Manila
F Browning. Cal
H G Raaf, Cal
F L Clark. Pa
C A Thompson. Seattl*
J A Linnott, Watsonvl
C Lanfexswelter HH
C Lanferswelter & w.
Ft Dodge, lowa
W M Helt. Mo
A Wollenburg. Or
O Llndley. Ind
P J King. Cal
A J Caver, Cal /
E Lomer. Cal
J L Smith. Merced
H Ross. Cal
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary A. Doughty to Charles E. Doughty, lot
on IT line of Scott street. Vtt&t N of Sacr*
mento. N 35 by E Ui>:6; $W.
Edward and Sarah A. Philips to Ellen Down-
Ing, lot on N line of Grove street, 25t> E of
Devlsadero, E 25, N 124:2. NW 23:3* i. S 12S:1\;
$10-
Henry Wellbrook to Carrie M. Cook (wife of
Morton L.). lot on NE corner of Page street and
Central avenue. E 33 by N 100; $W.
Morton L. Cook to same, same; gift
Jamt-s Deeley to Christoph J. Borgfeldt. lot
on NW corner of California and Lyon streets.
W 23 by N SO; 110.
Jaxr.cs M. Allen to Ida M. Allen, lot on NW
corner of Washington and Walnut streets. W
73 by N 1«T:S\«; gift.
Estate of Samuel Lewis (by Myer and Solo
men Lewis, administrators) to Josephine llou
vler. lot on NW corner of Sacramento ar.d
Laurel streets. W 37:6 by N 100; J3750.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to J. J- and
Audrey C. Hayden. lot on 8 line of Waller
•trect. 47 E of Carmelita (formerly Primrose).
E 24 by S 90. block 3. Marian Tract (hospital
lot); 110.
George XT. and Mary E. Wright to Peter
Kelly, lot on W line of Hampshire street. TO
N of Twenty-third. N 25 by W 100; $10.
T. B. Duprey to Thomas R. Turner, lot on 9
line of Twenty-r.tmh street. 130 W of Sanchez.
W IS by S 114; also lot on N line of Valley
street. 155 W of Sanchez. W 23 by N 114: aUo
lot on 8 line of Valley street. 2SS W of San
che*. W 23 by S 114 (1 year. 7 per cer.t>: $o:td.
Winifred M. Bogan to Eliza Fitzgerald, lot
on N line of Filbert street. 153:3 W of Msuaon.
W 23 by N «0: gift.
Horace V. Scott to Frank L. and Lewis C
Hunter. lot on N line of Washington street. V*
W of Taylor, W 40 by N 62:6; grant.
Mary R. and D. M. Shafer to Rosa L. P<>»
(wife of Bernard), let on N line of ValleJ*
street 137:8 E of Hyde. E 23 by N 137:«: «<».
Leo and May Israelsky to C. E. Perry, lot oit
W line of Ninth avenue, 100 N of I street. N
25 by W 120; |1». - '
Wendell and Carrie Ea*tr>n to Jacob Hey
man. lot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue
100 N of S street. P 50 by W IC>: also lot on W
lln* of Forty-seventh avenue. 300 N of 3 street.
S BO by W 120: $XV
Charles E Jr. and James Wulferdlnsren to
Abraham Burkheim. undivided two-thirds of
lot on E lln* of Forty-semnd avenue. 32j 3 or
U street. S 25 by E 120: 110.
Pan Francisco Savins* Union to Jacque*
Pede'iboy, lot on SE line of M street. 50 NH
of Ninth avenue. NE SO by SE 93. block 163.
Central Park Homestead: IIW.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Joseph
Hamilton, lot 5. Hnpe Section. Plat 3. Odd
Fellows' Cemetery: J6O.
Alameda County.
John and Mary Seannell to George Bcannelt.
lots 1 ar.d 2. block 2108. Aldea Tract at Temes
cal. Oakland; sift.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Lnd
wig Cochlus. lot on NE line of Mosa avenue.
341.46 SE of Oakland aveno?. SE 70 by NE tStj,
being lot 13 and NW 20 feet lot 17. block I.
Linda Vista Terrace. Man 2. Oakland: $I'>.
R S and Henrietta Farrelly to Joseph F.
Gomes' lot on S line of C street. 3™l W of
Third. *W 50 hy S 100. Town of Hay wards. Eden
Township: JlO.
Emoretta E. and James A. Erhlln to Lydania
S Howard, lot* 13 and It. block F. Parsons
Golden Gate Tract: also beginning at SE cor
ner of lot 14. block F. Parson' a Golrten Gat<»
Tract thence SE 100.50 to center of Teme<"*al
Creek' thence down center of said creek NY.
42 57 NW 69.73 to a point where W line of
lot 13. extended, intersects center line of sakl
creek, thence NW 2«.?4 to SW corner of lot 13.
thence NE SO to beginning: also lnt on X Ins
of lot 12. distant 114 S from S line of Fifty
third street (formerly Mattf* avenue). N» »o.
9W 113 S 56 "4 E SO. N ES.I6 to beginning.
being a'porticn of lots 11 and 12. block F. Par
son's Golden Gat* Tract. Oakland: |1O
George W. and Mary M. Beaver to Fred IT.
Beaver block J. bounded by First and Secon.i
avenues. Clifton and Hudson streets, eonta.n
lng ten acres, and being a portion of \ernoa
Park at Temescal. Oakland: gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Ida E. Peterman 'owner) with "R . O. Peter
son (contractor^, architect none— All work for a
two-story and basement frame building on r.
line of Capp street, 100 S of Nineteenth. S -5
b> F E A l: HH 6 ihn 4 <owner) with Cahill and Hall Ele
vator Company (contractors) architect C. A
Meussdorffer-Elevator work for a three-story
frame building, which is being remodeled oa
SW corner of Market and East streets, $1.00.
ert Lent, beloved father of Mrs. H. D. Parent
and William J. and Alfred H. Lent, a native
of New York, aged 52 years 11 months and 2
days. .
GTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, at .his late residence. 2516 Sac-
ramento street, thence to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
LINEGAR-In this city, April 1. 1900, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of James P. Llne«rar,« and
• mother of Charles, James, Joseph, Margaret
and Catherine Llnegar, a native of Sacra-
mento, aged 44 years.
MAHONEY— In this city, March 81. 1900. Julia
E., beloved wife of the late D. J. Mahoney
and mother of John D., Kittle A.. Dennis J..
Thomas F. and Agnes Mahoney. .a native of
Ireland, aged 66 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 651 Hayes street, -thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MORE— In this city. March 30, 1900. Mary 8..
beloved wife of Thomas R. More of Santa
Barbara, Cal., a native of California, aged 43
years.
NELSON— In this city. April U 1900, Gustave.
beloved husband of- Mary Nelson, fsther of
John and James Nelaon. brother of Captain
John Nelson and Mrs. F. Pearson of Eureka.
Humboldt County. Cal.. and Mrs. A. Ray-
naud of San Francisco, and brother-in-law of
John and James Llnskey and Mrs. H. Elvln
of Vallejo. Cal., a native ot Sweden, aged 43
years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fullyinvited to attend the fun*al this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 7H Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NOBLETT— In the City and County Hospital.
April 2, 1900, Joseph Noblett. a native c^ Ire-
land, aged 52 years.
O'CONNOR— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Rev. P. J. O'Connor at 10 o'clock this day
(Tuesday), In Bt. James Church, Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets. Friends and rela-
tives are invited to attend.
OPPENHEIMER-In this city. April 1. 1900.
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Oppenhelmer
and father cf Mrs. A. Blsslnger. Mrs. S.
Pfeiffer of San Antonio. Texas, and Emil.
Harry, Albert and Edward Oppenneimer. a
native of Germany, aged 70 years and 6
months.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1116 Butter street. Interment Home of
Peace Ce"metery by Bpecial train at 11 c clocK
from Third and Townsend streets. By spe-
cial request, no flowers.
PHILLIPS— In Oakland. April 2. 1900, at 43
Helen street. Norma Ida, daughter of Norman
B. and Annie Phillips, a native of Oakland.
aired 3 years 11 months and 3 days.
QUINT— In Alameda. April 1, 1900. Douglas
Underwood Quint, son of the late Judge
Quint, beloved husband of Jessie Quint, and
father of Margaret Quint, a native of Sacra-
mento, aged 32 years and 7. months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1917 Chestnut street, Alameda. In-
terment Laurel Hill Qemetery.
ROBINSON— In this city, April 1. 1900. Emily
J. Robinson, beloved daughter of Joseph A.
and Katie J. Robinson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years and 8 days.
SHERWOOD— In this city. April 2. 1900. Eddie
W.. beloved son of Julia and the late W.
Sherwood, and brother of Mrs. Joe Levj^ a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 8
months and 3 days.
SIEBOLD— In the City and County Hospital.
April 1. 1900. Charles Slebold. a native of
New York, aged 42 years.
STROME— In this city, April 2, 1900, Edward
8., beloved husband of Malvina J. Strome.
father of Martha and Edward Strome, and
brother of Charles and William Strome. a
native of Wisconsin, aged 47 years and 17
days.
SULLIVAN— In this city. April 1. 1900, Julia,
widow of the late Michael Sullivan, sister-in-
law of James B. McManue, and aunt of John
J. McManus and Mrs. Hugh Kelly, a native
of Barehaven, County Cork, Ireland, aced 63
years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will toe celebrated for the
repose of ho-r soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SWKKTSKR— In this city. April 1. 1900, Mrs.
Sarah M. Sweetser. beloved mother of Mrs.
Julia Temple, a native of Maine, aged 77 years
5 months and 7 days.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. Julia Temple,
854 Fclsom street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. :: ' -
TREGIDGO— In this city, March 31. ISOO. Mar-
lon, dearly beloved wife of Alfonso A. Tregld-
go, and loving mother of Mabel, Don and Eu-
gene Tregldgo, a native of Scotland, aged 45
years. (Nevada County, Cal.. papers please
copy.) :, '
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tueeday), at 1 o^lock, from her late resi-
dence. 755 Capp street. Interment private.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM House. San Francisco. Cal., April 3,
1900— Notice — Certain goods remaining one
year In bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's Btore on the 25th of April. 1900. at 11
o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be
had at the Custom House on April 19. 1900,
or at the time and place of sale. J. P. JACK-
SON, Collector. * .
1019 Sorrow 1101 1013 Caadale ..MS
1012 Silver T0ne....10S 1019 Prestome M
1012 Lett Girl 110 (1016) Montanus 11l
Selections ;for 'To-Day.
First race— Sarsfleld. Coming Event. Gusto.
Second race— .Mallakwa. Judge Stouffer. Mo
ringa.
Third race— Boundlee. Tekla, Mountebank.
Fourth race— Anjou, Formero, Imperious.
Fifth race— Pat Morrissey. Sly, Momentum.
Sixth race— Alas. Lavator, Snip*.
IO2S. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; telling; four-year-olda and upward; purs'*. iZZO
Time— To »i -22- to H. :47: last %. 1:03; short %. 1:13. Good start. Won first three drivfng.
Winner iJ J Donovan's b. m.. by Strathmore-Zuhlan. Pompino might hays won If rated.
m» rarAi out' In front with Amasa. Uarda nicely ridden. Too short for Medanoa. Munda
no speed. Scratched— lDon^tJKmjw^lC? ; _^^
1029 FIFTH RACE— One mile ana an eigntn; selling; lour-year-oias ana up: purse. *«oo
Time— %~l3- ** :38Vi; H. 1:04^4 : %. 1:32: mile. 1:45: U4m. i.aSH Good start. Won first three
driving' * Winner A. J. Stemler A Co.'s b. h.. by Red Iron-Uly Wright. Winner came from
the rear with a" rush. Bumping match fifty yards from wire, resulting disastrously for
Topmast and Malay. First named would probably have won. Scratched— Dogtown 103.
Imp ClonsillalOS. Lothtan "g^,^^^.,^^,^^,^^
IO.'IO. SIXTH RACE— One mile; free handicap; threc-ye&r-olds and upward; purse. J4CQ.
Time— % :25H- %. :51; %. 1:17*4; mile. 1:43. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
W B Jennings & Co.'s eh. f.. by imp. Goldfinch-Fleurette. Dr. Nembula carried Tn«
Fretter wide at stretch turn, ruining chances of both. Opponent apparently did not like
the going. Rosonnonde Is stale.
1025. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: selling; maidens; f oar-year-olds and upward; purse. VZO.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. Aoril 2.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. X hours from Vie-
XrOecTwEM^aan. Z day. from
Portland, via Astoria 55H hours.
Ship Servia. Glimore. 12 days from Seattle.
Br ship Primrose Hill, Wilson. 135 days from
Bardowle, Suiter, 160 days from Lon-
Hkw bark Santiago, Engalls. 17 days from,
Schr Chas Hanton. Dannevig. 47 days from
San B'.as. „ ; ''
SAILED.
Monday. Aurll 2.
Stmr Newburtr. Peterson. Gray* Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Aorll S— Stmr Trave.
from New York, for Genoa, etc.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April S— Stmr Corea, for
Philadelphia.
NEW TORK— Arrived April 2— Stmr August*
Victoria, from Genoa, etc.
ANTWERP— Arrived ADrtl S— Stmr Kensing
ton from New York, via Southampton.
BRISBANE— Arrived April I— Stmr Aorangi,
from Vancouver.
THE SAN FI?a:N CISCO CALL, TU-KSDAX, APRIL 3, 1900.
ARBACES STOLE
IN FIRST IN THE
LAST FEW JUMPS
Defeated Malay and Perseus
' in a Bumping Finish
at Oakland.
Three Favorites Scored on a Muddy
Track — Uarda XJnlooked For.
Flower of Gold a
Winner.
After Ab Stemler had vainly endeavored
to get Arbaces excused from the mile and
a sixteenth selling event, telling the
Judges his horse did not like the muddy
going, the bay horse went out and won,
showing that owners are not always right.
Jennie Reid had made, the Dace for the
greater portion of the route, when the
favorite, Malay, took up the running.
Fifty yards from home the field closed
on the leader and considerable of a bump-
Ing match occurred, during which Powell,
finishing oa the outside with Arbaces.
beat Malay out a neck. Topmast wa3
closing very fast, undoubtedly faring
worst In the mix-up.
Rain left the track In a sloppy condition,
still the horses ran fairly well to form.
Flower of Gold, In the last, bowted over
Dr. Nembula and The Fretter, much to
the consternation of the former's backers.
The Doctor carried the wise money, but
Walter Jennings' fleet filly led from the
start, leading the good thing out nearly
a length.
Foster & Hackett's Regelong spread
eagled the field of maidens, starting in the
opening six furlong run. The half brother
to Sulbross closed a slight favorite over
Poorlands and, fairly reveling in the slop
py going, won eased up to a walk. Milo
Melo, a 30 to 1 shot, finished second, in
front of Harry Corby.
This was followed by the Impressive win
of Albert Simons' filly Fidel Youlln, a 8
to 6 favorite. Soon heading Swiftwater,
Henry had the first choice up in his lap at
the wire, several lengths in advance of
Maydlne. Gussle Fay seems to have lost
all form, never looking dangerous.
There were ten starters In the two-year
old scramble, with the Burns & Water
house pair, Bernota and Homage,
closing slight favorites over Combermere.
The latter colt, as usual, showed a high
turn of speed out in front for a while,
then closing up finished third. Bernota
proved the easiest sort of a winner over
Illusion.
Pomplno went to the post favorite for
the fourth number, and his chances were
killed by racing out in front with Amasa.
Powell brought Uarda up the last part,
downing Orion a neck. The winner wa3 4Vfc
to 1 in the betting:
Track Notes.
The running of the match race between
Advance Guard and Andrlsa has been
postponed until Thursday, owing to the
condition of the track.
Intrada, third choice for the two-year
old dash, fell just before the stretch was
reached, Henry fortunately escaping with
out injury.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Five furlongs;, three-year-olds;
selling.
$95 Pt. Anthony... lo7 1002 St. Germain. ..lo7
... Canejo 105 1013 Morella 105
1002. Coming Event.los 1013 Summer .: 110
1013 Fine Shot 110 995 H. Thatcher... 107
492 Urchin 110 995 Sarsfleld 107
1013 Gusto 110 1026 Maydlne 103
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olda and
upward; pur«e.
97? R. de Cuba.. .1061 960 Rlcardo 11l
1011 Miss Rnwena..lO9 90« Flacon 114
906 Deßlalne lll( ... Mallakwa ....111
1007 Bonlbel 106 5W Mortnga 11l
S0« Torslna W9 1021 Sidelong 108
1007 Chappie 111! ... J. Stouffer 11l
Third race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
1009 Boundlee 107 (907) Choteaa 107
917 Mont Eagte-.-ICU (1019) My Gyp«y 102
1010 Tekla 107 1021 Mountebank ..104
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; free handicap.
1010 Scotch P1aid.. .1041 1010 Imperious 106
1021 Formero ......106; 1011 Anjou 99
1003 Bathos 921
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
£62 Florinel 11.... 96 934 Jaer 105
(972) Peace 102 990 Pat Morrissey.lo7
914 Pat Murphy.. .lo7 101S Nllgar 107
1021 Cormorant 111 9*>2 Esplraado — 107
981 Matt Hogan... 93 1021 Sly 109
1017 Good Hope 102U1000) Momentum ....112
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling:. fc
1006 Alas Sll 998 Obsidian 11l
1012 Lavator 108 99S Lena 110
1000 Wyoming 112| 1024 Snips 110
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Miguel Cueto, 29, West Point, and Eva Stew-
art. 22. Carson City.
Philip C. Boehmer, 24. Oakland, and Anita
Stinnett, 19. city.
¦ Edward T. Houghton. 29, city, and Clarlsse
de Sala Sheldon. 26. city. •
John J. Half ord, 28, Oakland, , and Kathleen
Loftus, 26. HealJsburs.
Nathan J. Cohen, 81. 1619 Gough street-, and
Fannie Flnkelstein, 22, 1619 Gough 6treet.
Felice Lofrano. 27, 1 Varennes place, and
Annie Kassino. IS, 12 Pollard place.
Glacoma Mlnkowskl, 23, New York City, and
Wanda Galand, 27. city.
Ole EUefsen, 37, 169^4 Minna street, and Emma
Thcller. 35, 169^4 Minna street.
Herman Tecper, 41. 124 Langton street, and
Rachel Herschkovitz, 39, 941 Folsom street.
Bernard J. Moran, 36, PA Lapldge street, and
Katie Shea, 26, 9A Lapldge street.
Edward F. Treadwell. 24, city, and Eulila M.
Ayers, 24, city.
Alexander Chisholm Jr.. 23. Nlles, and Edyth
E. Tumor. 23, Centervllle.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JOHNSTON— In this city. March 24, 1900, to the
wif% of Samuel Johnston, a son.
MARRIED.
MOORE— HARGRAVE— In Fort Benton. Feb-
ruary 23, 1900, by Justice Sullivan, Oliver
Moore cf Fort Benton and Edna Hargrave,
formerly of San Francisco.
NELLMAN-SCHLUTTER— In this city, March
31. 1900, by the Rev. J. N. Beard, D.D., Peter
Nellmon and Nellie Schlutter. both of San
Francisco. l . - < >
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1300, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Monday, April 2. 1900.— Weather fine. Tractegradd^^^^^
1027. THIRD RACE— Five farlongs; two-year-olds ; purse. $400
Time— ii M - «4 " "3S" H 1:05. Good start, except Moonbright. won easily, second and third
driving 'winner. Burn's & Waterhouse's blk. g.. by Take Notlce-Berna. After Combermere
stopped' it was easy for Bernota. Homage will win toon. Scratched— St. Rica, 110, Grace
Cup 107.' »CmigledyJl h _^?£^-o-^o-»-ro-o-^^^
DIED.
Auradou, Ida M.
Barry, William E.
Blaskower, Paulln*
Brinkerhoff, Sadie A
Chapman, George
Clark. Joseph E.
Clough, Mary K.
Finnerty, Annie
Floeter. Hermann H.
Harper, Charles H.
Janten, Lurena '
Keane, Theodosia J.
Kelly, Peter
Kelly. Robert
Kevell. Sarah
Lambert, William
Lambert, Sarah
Landvogt, Augusta
Lederman, Charles
Lent, John M.
Llnegar, Catherine
Mahoney, Julia E.
More, Mary B.
Nelson, Gustave
Noblett. Joseph
O'Connor, Rev. P. J.
Oppenhelmer, Henry
Phillips. Norma I.
Quint. Douglas U.
Robinson, Emily J.
Sherwood. Eddie W.
Slebold. Charles
Strome, Edward B.
Sullivan, Julia
Sweetser, Mrs. Sarah
Tregldgo, Marlon
AURADOU— In this city. April 1, 1900, Ida May,
beloved wife of A. Leon Auradou and daugh-
ter of Mrs. Ellen Sheridan, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. V., aged 32 years 6 months and. 14
days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 90S Jackson street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by train. .*..-•'¦-¦
BARRY— In this city, April 2, 1900, at the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. S. F. Hodgkins. 1206
Green street, near Hyde, William E. Barry,
beloved son of the late John and Margaret
Barry, and brother of the late Mrs. R. \V.
Bowdlch and M. H.. J. J. and O. F. Barry, a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 10
months.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1206 Green street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Muunt
Calvary Cemetery.
BLASKOWER— F.ntered Into rest. In this city,
April 1. 1900, Pauline, dearly beloved mother
of Max Blaskower and Mrs. RAy Drossner, a
native of Germany.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter. 2SO« Flllmore street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
BRINKERHOFF— In Oakland, April 2. 1900,
Sadie A. Brlnkerhoff, wife of Dr. G. Erwln
Brinkcrhoff, mother of Ethel Anita Brinker-
hoff. and sister of John C. Broadle, a native
of Illinois, aged 2S years 11 months and 21
days. (Joliet, 111., papers please copy.)
CTTrlends are reop*ctfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of the First
Presbyterian Church, corner Fourteenth, and
Franklin streets. Interment private.
CHAPMAN— In this citx," frprll 2, 1900, George,
beloved husband of Julie" Chapman, a native
of Virginia, aged 74 years.
CLARK— In this city, April 1, 1900, Joseph E.,
beloved son of Edward and Jennie Clark,
brother of George Clark and grandson of
GeorEe and • Rosie Meehan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 1 month and 26 days.
C7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1553 Fifteenth street, corner of
Capp. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLOUGH— In this city, March 31. 1900, at the
residence of her son, Charles L. Clough, 2021
Webster street, Mary Keith Tllson. widow of
the late Ames Clough, a native of Thomaston,
Me., aged S5 years 1 month and 11 days.
(E^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at 11 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
FINNERTY— At Stockton, Cal., March 31. 1900.
Annie, relict of the late Michael Flnnerty
and mother of the late James Finnerty, a
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 68
years.
C3 r The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
FLOETER— In this city, Aprtl 1, 1900, Hermann
Helnrlch, beloved son of Hermann and Marie
Floeter, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 2 months and 23 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 107 Ash avenue, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue. Interment Cy-
press . Lawn -Cemetery.
HARPER— In Seattle. April 1, 1900. suddenly,
Charles H. -Harper, beloved husband of Annie
May Harper, father of Florence M. Harper,
and son of Mrs. Thomas P. Winter of Ala-
meda, a native of England, acred 85 years.
JANSEN— In this city. April 2, 1900, Lurena.
beloved wife of Romberg Jansen, daughter of
Mrs Martha Patton, and sister of William.
Felix and Henry Patton, Mrs. I. Labell. Mrs.
J Whltchurch and Mrs. M. Rlalto, a native
of Santa Rosa. Cal., aged 21 years 8 months
and 20 days. (Santa Rosa, Cal., papers pleaae
copy.)
{ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1567 Post street, between Octavia and
Laguna. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KEANE— In this city, April 2, 1900, Theodosia
Jane Keane, beloved daughter of John T. and
Jane Carter, and mother of George 8.. Fmnk
M., Joseph W., Theodore J. and Augustine
C. Keane, a native of (Brooklyn, N. V., aged
53 years 3 months and 29 days. (New York
papem please copy.)
(ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 2:30 o'clock, at the chapel of the Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, April 2, 1900, Peter; be-
loved husband of Mary Kelly, a native of
Ireland, aged 64 years.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 2, 1900. Robert Kelly, a native of Ire-
land, aged 48 years.
KEVELL— In the City and County Hospital,
April 2. 1900. Sarah Kevell, a native of Eng-
land, asred 66 years.
LAMBERT— In this city. March 31. 1900, Wil-
liam Lambert, beloved husband of the late
Sarah Lambert and dearly beloved father of
George L. and Thomas A. Lambert and Mrs.
C. G. Hlghtower, a native of Essex, England,
aged 75 years.
ityFrlends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
from the resfience of his
daughter. 609 Buchanan street, at 2 o'clock.
Interment Laurel HIU Cemetery.
LAMBERT— In Cloverdale. Cal., Aprtl 8, IS9B,
Sarah Lambert, a native of Glasgow, Scot-
(CTThe remains will be interred in Laurel
Hill Cemetery to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock.
LANDVOOT— In this city, March 31. 1900. Au-
gusta beloved wife of John Landvogt and
mother of Emma. Charlie. Bertha and Freddie
Landvogt, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged
42 years 7 days and 16 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at t o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2718 Clementina street, near Fourth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEDERMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 1. 1900, Charles Lederman.
cyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 107 Ash avenue, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
LENT— In this city, March SI, 1900, John Meln-
11
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St._
714 Renrelonff. 4 .101 1
... Milo Melo. 4 9S 3
984 Harry Corby. 4 100 2
•HO My Dear. 4 1061 4
956 Henry C. 5 114,11
£93 tazzeUa, 5 99 5
1019 Poorlands. 4 108 8
644 Master Lee. 4 10* 6
724 Chlspa, 4 108 9
910 Solano, 5 105 10
S2S Naples, 4 96| 7
i/
1 «
*H
2 h
4 3
11
8 h
7 1
5 2
10 2
9 h
6tt
% Btr.
1 12
2 3
9 10 I"
8 H
6 2
5 H ..;
7 h
10 3
11 ...
Fin.
1 10
2 4
S > =
4 2
5?
7 1
8 5
9 20
10 5
11
I Jockey.
Henry
Huchanan ..
Helnson ....
Mnrs<>
\V. See
Baj»sinser ..
J. Daly
Golden
Cannell
Morgan
Ranch
I Benin*.
lOp. Cl.
"5-2 2
4 SO
10 SO
8 15
10 20
s s
4 5-2
8 IS
13 20
1". 30
5 10
index. How, Weight, |St.~
954 Fidel Youlln 102 I
1013 Maydlne 1|» 5
... Swtftwater 106 4
989 Gussle Fay 101 3
970 Sister Marie 102 «
1013 March Seven 102 7
592 Tanobe 105 1
%
Vt
3 I
4 t
1 1
SI
b
2 3
3 h
1 2
4 S
7
« t
5 1
Str.
1 1
2 2
32
4 3
I 1
5 2
7
Fin.
1 8
2 2
3 «
4 1
5 2
« S
7
J Jockey.
Henry
I. Powell...
E. Ross
naaslnger .
For?
H. Stuart..
Morgan —
iQp.
... 4-5
... 7-3
... 10
... 3
... 30
... 10
U. 30
Cl.
3-3
3
10
I
100
n
30
Index. Hors«. Weight. [St. U H
1003 Bernota "5 2 ... «»
1015 Illusion 107 3 ... 2 h
1020 Combenner* H" • ••• * «
1015 Homaire 1<" 7 ... ? J*
1015 Ada N 10J * ••• «*
767 Thornwlld 105 1 ... 9
905 rndertrrowth 107 9 ... 6 H
635 Opal Stone 107 8 ... « 2
1008 Intrada 115 5 ••• * »
BS3 Moonbrlght U» L^tt ...
_%_
2 4
3 2
1 4
5 1
Vf
!*
Fell
Str.
m
3 2
2S
4 2
5 S
S 4
7 10
8
mWtn.l
1 2
2 1
34
4 2
5 6
< 10
7 13
8
| Jockey. |
H. Shields....
G. Rosa
piirsott
Morgan
O'Brien
Amei
Mounce
Basainger ....
Henry ...,«.„.
Bozeman ?....
IQp. CT.
"8-5 11-!
S 1C
5-3 6-3
• <
zo :¦¦
13 4'
30 5C
30 s.
3 7-2
9 8
m^-r Mnrm» Age. Weight. l St. % H
1024 Uarda, 5 JM J ••• J *
1007 Orion. « , 108 1 ... 3 1
1017 Pomplno. 4 IWS 4 ... 2 1
989 Amasa. 5 108 2 ... J H
(532) Los Medanos. 4....1CS S ... 6 4
1016 Monda. 4 .'..105 « ... 6h
747 RlnnTsaster. 6 10S » ... 8
94! Pallie Goodwin. 6.. 108 7 1 1
% Btr.
4 4 45
35 : n
in 11
22 S3
5 5 12
S3 « 1
72 78
8 8
Fin.
1 n
2 3
3<
4 4
5 2
( 1
7 12
8
| Jockey.
I. Po-w*U...
E. Roas....
N. Hill
Buchanan .
Alexander
Bassinxer .
Henry
Qolden
_J
lOp.
8-5
ID
15
Cl.
9-J
7-2
2
10
13
%
25
50
index. Horw. Age. Weight.l St.
980 Arbaees. S IC-; 3
1023) Malay. 4 1W -3
9M Perseus, a JOS *
l(XM)Topmiut, a 112 1
1010 Roslnante. « 105 S
101S)JennIe Reid. 4 104 4
M. H X Str.
• C S H 63
21 22 1H 11
42 In 42 3n
3 h 43 34 42
6 4 63 < 8
iih 1% ii m
Fin.
1 n
22
3 h
4 2
5 »
(
J Jockey.
I. Powell...
E. Ross
Ames
P!**ott ....
Henry
J. Woods...
|Op. Cl
5 I
. 8-3 3-:
. io 2:
. 3 is-;
. 3 »-.
. l» i:
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. U H
1005 Flower of Oold 3.. 85 3 1 % 1 h
;i0O5) Dr. Netnbula. 4... .108 4 2 1 2 2
1017 The Fretter, 4 107 5 4 m J>>
(994) Opponent. 5 93 2 5 5
1017 Rosormonde. S 106 1 3 h 41
%. Str.
1 h 12
2 1 In
3 « S5
4 3 42
5 5
Fin.
1%
2 n
3 5
4 S
i
\ Jockey. IQp. . Cl.
"Ranch I 3 - j
Ames S-t 11-5
Henry 3 »-J
Buchanan 3 18-5
N. Hil l g io
index. How, Weight, |St.~
954 Fidel Youlln 102 I
1013 Maydlne 1|» 5
... Swtftwater 106 4
989 Gussle Fay 101 3
970 Sister Marie 102 «
1013 March Seven 102 7
592 Tanobe 105 1
%
Vt
3 I
4 t
1 1
SI
b
2 3
3 h
1 2
4 S
7
« t
5 1
Str.
1 1
2 2
32
4 3
I 1
5 2
7
Fin.
1 8
2 2
3 «
4 1
5 2
« S
7
J Jockey.
Henry
I. Powell...
E. Ross
naaslnger .
For?
H. Stuart..
Morgan —
iQp.
... 4-5
... 7-3
... 10
... 3
... 30
... 10
U. 30
Cl.
3-3
3
10
I
100
n
30
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St._
714 Renrelonff. 4 .101 1
... Milo Melo. 4 9S 3
984 Harry Corby. 4 100 2
•HO My Dear. 4 1061 4
956 Henry C. 5 114,11
£93 tazzeUa, 5 99 5
1019 Poorlands. 4 108 8
644 Master Lee. 4 10* 6
724 Chlspa, 4 108 9
910 Solano, 5 105 10
S2S Naples, 4 96| 7
i/
1 «
*H
2 h
4 3
11
8 h
7 1
5 2
10 2
9 h
6tt
% Btr.
1 12
2 3
9 10 I"
8 H
6 2
5 H ..;
7 h
10 3
11 ...
Fin.
1 10
2 4
S > =
4 2
5?
7 1
8 5
9 20
10 5
11
I Jockey.
Henry
Huchanan ..
Helnson ....
Mnrs<>
\V. See
Baj»sinser ..
J. Daly
Golden
Cannell
Morgan
Ranch
I Benin*.
lOp. Cl.
"5-2 2
4 SO
10 SO
8 15
10 20
s s
4 5-2
8 IS
13 20
1". 30
5 10
m^-r Mnrm» Age. Weight. l St. % H
1024 Uarda, 5 JM J ••• J *
1007 Orion. « , 108 1 ... 3 1
1017 Pomplno. 4 IWS 4 ... 2 1
989 Amasa. 5 108 2 ... J H
(532) Los Medanos. 4....1CS S ... 6 4
1016 Monda. 4 .'..105 « ... 6h
747 RlnnTsaster. 6 10S » ... 8
94! Pallie Goodwin. 6.. 108 7 1 1
% Btr.
4 4 45
35 : n
in 11
22 S3
5 5 12
S3 « 1
72 78
8 8
Fin.
1 n
2 3
3<
4 4
5 2
( 1
7 12
8
| Jockey.
I. Po-w*U...
E. Roas....
N. Hill
Buchanan .
Alexander
Bassinxer .
Henry
Qolden
_J
lOp.
8-5
ID
15
Cl.
9-J
7-2
2
10
13
%
25
50
index. Horw. Age. Weight.l St.
980 Arbaees. S IC-; 3
1023) Malay. 4 1W -3
9M Perseus, a JOS *
l(XM)Topmiut, a 112 1
1010 Roslnante. « 105 S
101S)JennIe Reid. 4 104 4
M. H X Str.
• C S H 63
21 22 1H 11
42 In 42 3n
3 h 43 34 42
6 4 63 < 8
iih 1% ii m
Fin.
1 n
22
3 h
4 2
5 »
(
J Jockey.
I. Powell...
E. Ross
Ames
P!**ott ....
Henry
J. Woods...
|Op. Cl
5 I
. 8-3 3-:
. io 2:
. 3 is-;
. 3 »-.
. l» i:
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. U H
1005 Flower of Oold 3.. 85 3 1 % 1 h
;i0O5) Dr. Netnbula. 4... .108 4 2 1 2 2
1017 The Fretter, 4 107 5 4 m J>>
(994) Opponent. 5 93 2 5 5
1017 Rosormonde. S 106 1 3 h 41
%. Str.
1 h 12
2 1 In
3 « S5
4 3 42
5 5
Fin.
1%
2 n
3 5
4 S
i
\ Jockey. IQp. . Cl.
"Ranch I 3 - j
Ames S-t 11-5
Henry 3 »-J
Buchanan 3 18-5
N. Hil l g io
Index. Hors«. Weight. [St. U H
1003 Bernota "5 2 ... «»
1015 Illusion 107 3 ... 2 h
1020 Combenner* H" • ••• * «
1015 Homaire 1<" 7 ... ? J*
1015 Ada N 10J * ••• «*
767 Thornwlld 105 1 ... 9
905 rndertrrowth 107 9 ... 6 H
635 Opal Stone 107 8 ... « 2
1008 Intrada 115 5 ••• * »
BS3 Moonbrlght U» L^tt ...
_%_
2 4
3 2
1 4
5 1
Vf
!*
Fell
Str.
m
3 2
2S
4 2
5 S
S 4
7 10
8
mWtn.l
1 2
2 1
34
4 2
5 6
< 10
7 13
8
| Jockey. |
H. Shields....
G. Rosa
piirsott
Morgan
O'Brien
Amei
Mounce
Basainger ....
Henry ...,«.„.
Bozeman ?....
IQp. CT.
"8-5 11-!
S 1C
5-3 6-3
• <
zo :¦¦
13 4'
30 5C
30 s.
3 7-2
9 8Our name on your printing raises the stand-
ard of your goods.. Mysell-Rolltns. 22 Clay. •
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
F^etT H S<r,c7uTe* a°nT
plaints of the Organs of Ueneratlons
I'rlce tl a bottle. For sale by drUKKtsts.
Wright's Into Vegetable Pills
Af? ACKNOWLEDGED BY TIIOfSANDS
*^ of person* who hnvp use-t them for forty
years to rure Slt'K HKAD.U'HE OIDPIVESS
CONSTIPATION. Torpi.l Liver'/ Weak 8^
ach. rimples and purify the Mood.
Mayor Phelan Takes a Hand.
Mayor Phelan yesterday decided to take
a hand in the differences now existing be
tween Recorder Godchaux. County Clerk
Deane and the local Civil Service Com
mission regarding the employment of
copyists from the list of ellgibles resulting
from the recent examination. The May
or's letter follows:
Please report to me to-morrow at noon in
writing the facts bearing on the refusal of cer
tain officials to obey the civil service pro
visions of the charter of which you have ver
baily Informed me. In case you are unable to
make a satisfactory report on account of the
obstruction of the aforesaid officials I will u«e
the power vested In me by the charter to en
force a strict compliance with the law.
County Clerk Deane yesterday made a
formal requisition on the Civil Service
Commission for five malo copyistH. Mr
D.cane says he has never for "a moment
contemplated opposing the plain provls
ions of the charter in this matter.
C. E. SNOOK.
Grand Master Collins, Grand Foreman
Snook, Grand Overseer Morrison, Grand
Medical Examiner Mayon, Past Supreme
Master Jordan. Past Grand Masters
Barnes and Bahrs, Grand Receiver Booth
Deputy Malloy and many others. From
the remarks of these speakers It appears
that during the workman year, which is
closing, and particularly in the latter
half, the order has enjoyed quite a boom.
To-day the work of the session will
begin, and during the week there, will be
considerable work done In the line of se
lecting officers for the ensuing term.
Grand Foreman Snook will undoubtedly
be elected grand master, as there was no
one named up to last night in opposition
to him.- Dr. Morrison, the grand overseer,
who is In line for promotion to the office
of foreman, will have opposition. Grand
Guide C. S. Curtis of Fidelity Lodge and
M. J. Blackman of Valley Lodge are in the
race for overseer. Frank Poland will be
a candidate for re-election as recorder,
and will be opposed by-C.-T. Spencer of
FORESTERS OF AMERICA
FOR SAN LUIS OBISPO
Courts That Have Sent in Names of
Delegates to Represent Them
in the Grand Court.
Up to date the following named, who
have been chosen to serve as delegates to
the Grand Court of Foresters of America,
which is to meet in San Luis Obispo in
May. have been reported to Grand Sec
retary Cordy:
Court Robin Hood No. I— J. A. McLeod, Dr.
George Adams.
Aurora No. 2— J. Healing-, Jacob Label.
America No. 3— P. Hansen. 11. Bode. - '
California No. 4— J. Nylands. F. J. Raffo.
Golden Gate No. 5— J. Caiman, H. L. Simon,
M. 1.. Stern. Theodore T,obi.
San Francisco No. 7—l. P. Beban. Bon Levy.
.Star of Woodland No. 10— H. S. Neubert.
Kucleian No. 13— E. P. Figel. G. W. Bay
reuther.
Kclipse No. 14— T. B. Goodwin. George Read.
Justice No. IC— E. C. ..rehan, H. Hemberger.
Pride of Alameda No. 19— \V. H. •vJVrlght.
Golden West No. 20— G. AY. Alexander. Felix
Gross, E. K. Isaacs H. Stamper.
Stanford No. 27— J. Lycette.
Magnolia No. 29^M. Harris. E. A. Gunn.
El Dorado No. 31— Thomas .E. Gibbons,
Thomas W. • Leather.
Golden Eagle No. 33— A. Kidd.
Pride of Marysville No. 34— P. J. Arnold J.
A. Bllhartz. Thomas 11. Richards.
Star of San Luis Obispo No. 35— Warren 11.
Johns.
Golden Era No. 36— F. Mahlstedt, M. Levy.
Washington No. 37—1. L. David, A. Milsner
W. J. Phelan.
• Presidio No. 40— John Berwert, George B.
Pierce.
Yerba Buena No. 42— 11. Nathan.
Bonita No. 43— Joseph A. Dove. ' John D.
Lynch.
Del Monte No. 47— J. Donalson.
Acme No. 51— A. J. Glover. W. Gillesple.
Palo Alto No. 53— William Klinger.
Butte No. 68— Alva Bay. E. B. Collins.
Hayes VaHey No. o9— I. Levy.
Live Oak No. 67— M. E. Mnhoney.
Port Ccsta No. 75— S. J- Ilutton.
Red Bluff No. 84-.lohn Treae.
Dlxon No. 83— B. F. Newby.
Teutonla No. 91— Theodore Helllesen.
Rose Hill No. 98— J. S. Mookbee.
Elk Grove No. 101— Richard Hawkins.
Cinnabar No. .103— B. J. Dearborn.
Independence No. 104 — James Grady, John
Kortlsch.
Nlles No. 110— J. E. Jacobs. • .' '¦
Confidence No. 117— E. L. Alderson. ,
Ferruclo No. 132-C. D. Monte, G. Crema.
Sutro Heights No. 136— J. W. Gleadell, John
Murray.
Adrlatlco No. 137— Virgilio Delia Magglorie.
Sausalito No. I&o— Joseph Lowder.
Soledad No. 153— Renjamln Westcott.
Merced No. 155— F. A. Robinson.
Sutter Creek No. 15ft— P. D. ColvJHe.
Chris Bremer No. 166 — James M. Laskey.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
That combine safety ami good returns are whas
you want
Invested with the P-iuth American Security
Company win earn more money In less tlmr
than by any other method.
Is protected from loss
VfiH7 MfIVFV WIU hrlnc KOOd returns.
lUILI iMUiICI Has full earning power
Is subject to withdrawal.
Our certificate holders will testify that our
plan Is the safest, surest acd best plan of in-
vestment.
Accounts received for $10 and upwards.
SDntb- Aminlcan Secnritr Go.
214 PinB Strset, San Francisco.
Send for cur little book and full particulars.
BUILDING CONTRACTORS
DO NOT OPPOSE SCALE
President McCarthy of That Trades
Council Says the Report Emanates
From Insignificant Persons.
Th»» following communication, which is
*if If -explanatory, has been received at
tills office;
Editor <'a\\: In your lesue cf this morning
r.itpntton is called to an all" Red meeting of the
• ontractors of this city having for itf purpose
an organization to oppose the iKroporcd wage
mslp ot J3 50 per day as the minimum rate of
lay for carpenters und the unionizing of the
lurtiiTseu.
This report emanates from a few Insignifi
cant <-r.3tractors, who, no doubt, would like to
:¦••• men an opoosttloa cain foothold, as they
never have paid the fcale if they could avoid
it. but fortunately for all connected with tfce
t.uildinc industry their petty ideais and desire*
are cor.Jin-d to themselves, and the contractors
of Ktandlns in thf community are not giving
the matter any feriou? thought.
When the proposed ohar.c in thp scale wan
contemplated three months apo, due notice was
civen- to all enntrartors, and, during the in
terim, every Dromir.ent contractor has *>x
presswd his approval of the same, and It ha*
• <nly r*"H;aln<"d for theff few to now endeavor
to cain a little notoriety in tryintr to obstruct
jt- harmonious relations which have i-o long
existed. • » ;
Ho far as unionizing foremen lit concerned
ther» It so controversy, as the few who ha.ye
not always b^en rcrmbTS of the organization
have sirce Joined.
Therefore it can be readily ?een that this
malicious attempt to disrupt harmonious re
lations and engender 111-feelinc between the
contractor* and the Building Trades Council
fca* absolutely no foundation in fact.
P. H. Wc-CARTHY.
President BuJldine Trades Council.
March 21, JSOO.
Bargains In odd papers In our stationery
department. "Writing papers and fancy
stationery. Visiting cards, wedding invi-
tations and announcements, engraved
and printed. Fountain pens from fl to $t>
each. Jordan, Woster.holm and Holler
pocket-knives.- Tissue paper flowers and
lamp shades made to order. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 711 Market street. •
Peru produces : practically all the raw
cocaine that the world consumes.
A new hotel. The Bradbury. All rooms sunny.
1604 Californa St., cor. Polk, near Van Ness. •
Physicians recommend Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey because they know of Its purity.
Fight Promoters Harmonize.
. The miinapT^rs of the Columbia and th«*
National Athletic clubs held a meeting In
a down-town resort last evening and mu
tually agreed not to bid against *>ach
other on prize-ring contests: not to inter
fere with each othf>r in matching fighter*:
not to offer second-class fighters over "kl
More Recruits Coming.
There are 225 recruits and officers des
tined, for the Philippines now awaiting
transportation from New York -to this
city, where they will be embarked. The
Southern Pacific Company put in a bid
for them yesterday.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
Jackson's Recovery Doubtful.
Frank Jackson, the old i man who was
struck on the head with the barrel of a
rifle at Folsom and Tenth streets Sunday
by Thomas Lawry and had his skull frac
tured, recovered consciousness yesterday.
He has lost considerable blood and his
recovery is doubtful. Dr. Cherry of the
Receiving Hospital admits that in the
rush of patients Sunday he did not diag
nose Jackson's case correctly. Lawry is
In the- City Prion awaiting the result of
Jackson's injuries.
Professor Agassiz Returns.
Professor A. Agassiz. the noted Xew
York scientist, and Professor A. G. Mayer
of Cambridge are at the Palace. They
arrived on the steamship China on Satur
day night from Yokohama, where they
were landed by the United States Fish
Commission steamer Albatross after a
tour through the South Sea Islands in the
interests of the Smithsonian Institution
at Washington. Professor Agassiz and
party left here nearly six months ago and
visited many islands that have never be
fore been explored by scientists. They
have secured some valuable collections,
most of which are still aboard the Alba
tross.
STEINWAY Pianos
USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
~ v ." * - Ptcifia Cotit R<;rMtntatmi.
MADE THREATS TO
KILL HIS LANDLORD
T. M. Silvey Has an Exciting Experi
ence With Joseph Hodge, One
of His Tenants.
T. M. Silvey, Forest Grove, Wrights
Landing, is the owner of the house 921
Harrison street. Joseph Hodge occupies
the lower flat and Silvey has been trying
to get rid of him as a tenant for some
time.
Sunday afternoon Silvey went to the
house to show the upper flat to a pros
pective tenant and Hodge appeared on the
scene. He began to abuse Silvey. and fin
ally declaring he would kill Silvey, made
a rush at hint.
Silvey sprang out the back door and
escaped. Yesterday he swore to com
plaints In Judge Mogan's court • for
Hodge's arrest on charges of threats to
kill and disturbing the peace. Hodge
was arrested and will appear'in court to
day. • •
CHANGE OF BASE IN
FRED GRAY'S CASE
Blame for the Possession of Counter-
feiter's Tools Thrown Upon an
Acquitted Man.
The evidence in the case of Frederick
Gray, charged with having had a trunk
containing coin-counterfeiting tools in his
possession, was closed yesterday after
noon in the United States District Court.
This is Gray's third trial. He was in
dicted with George Hortcn last Septeni
tx-r. On the first trial the jury disagreed,
ihe defendants proving to the satisfac
tion of a portion of the jury that the
trunk and contents belonged to a man
whose residence was bellei'ed to be in
Alameda County, but who never could b*>
found. On ihe second trial the Jury ac
quitted Horton and disagreed as to Gray's
Kuilt.
Th»> defense on this trial rs that the
tools were the property of George Horton:
that he brought them in a sack to the
room of John McCallum and afterward
plsred ih<--m in a trunk in the room occu
pied by Gray and Horton. McCallum was
brought down from the Folsom Deniton
le&tlary as a witness and testified to the
foregoing statement. He admitted that
«" had shot Horton a few days before the
latter's arrest and that he was serving
»ii!> sentence for assault to murder.
The case will be given to the jury to
day.
PADEREWSKI PLAYS
TO A LARGE HOUSE
BOTH the public and Paderewski out
did themselves yestc-rday. There was
a crush at the California and th<
pianist played with marked brillianc<
in<i elTe<t ¦ *-
The programme began with the great
Bar h chromatic fantazia and fugue, a
prodigiously Intricate composition of the
purely classic type. This was followed by
Beethoven's sonata No. Ill, exalted in pas
sion and ix>etry but rather more scholar
ly and difficult than pleasing. The Schu
mann sonata Op. 11 was more to the taste
Of the audience and the great beauty that
is in it was given adequate Interpretation.
In the cluster of Chopin numbers that
followed Paderewski was at his best jn
the nocturne, the prelude and .the fer
ceuse. The first of these he gave with a
striking originality that was almost freak
ish in its altered time and eccentric
rhythm. Carreno played the. sostenuto
passages of this nocturne with a peculiar
monotony aggravated by a faint accent on
the second beat of each measure, but Pad
erewski introduces the tempo rubato to
fuch an extent that despite the interest
in his unique rendering, one cannot but
feel that the simple melodic flow of the
composition Is somewhat impaired. He
gave after the etude of the programme*,
the little B fiat etude with much more
spirit than at his first concert, and seemed
to be imbued* throughout the afternoon
with a more than ordinary degree of en
thusiasm. In the Chopin -Valse op. 34, No.
1. he surpassed himself and played the
number with a finer touch than can be
found in his other interpretations of Cho
pin's other dances. The second rhapsodic
of Liszt finished the programme and
proved as astounding in point of color and
execution as it always does in Paderew
skl's hands.
MADLY INFATUATED
WITH HIS LANDLADY
John Shaunessy Arrested for Threat
ening to Kill Mrs. C. D. Parm- •
elee and Himself.
John Shaunessy's infatuation ¦ for his
handsome landlady, Mrs. C. D. Parmelee
of 439 Jessie street, has landed him in Jail
on charges of disturbing the pence and
threats to kill. Shaunessy has long nour
ished an affection for Mrs. Parmelee, but
kept his own counsel till Sunday night.
Mrs. Parmelee, whoso husband is in
Fresno, was confined to her bed with
rheumatism when Shaunessy knocked on
her door and entered about H o'clock Sun
day night. He talked to her for A. few
minutes about her husband and then his
passion broke out and he told her how
much he loved her. He declared that he
could not live without her and he intended
to kill her and himself.
Mrs. Parmelee screamed for help and
Mrs. Annie Hughes, one of the roomers,
W u e , nt J . t ? J ncr assistance. After consider
able difficulty Mrs. Hughes forced Shaun
essy out of the room and locked the door.
The women remained in the room for
nearly three hours, Shaunessy occasional
ly trying to break, open the door. Fin
ally some of the male roomers came home
and Policeman McCormick was sum
moned. He placed the enamored Shaun
essy under arrest. The cases were called
in Judge CabanissV court yesterday and
continued till Thursday.
Sues for Maintenance.
Mary Fisher filed suit yesterday against
her husband. Joseph Fisher, for main
tenance and support for herself and chil
dren. Mrs. Fisher says her husband de
serted her seven months' ago.
Magnolia Lodge and T. H. Carr of the
Nevada City Lodge.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dos« will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try It. AH druggists. •
MANY MASTER WORKMEN
ATTENDED A RECEPTION
They Were the Guests of Magnolia
Lodge of This City— Candidates
for Varius Grand Offices.
The representatives to the Grand Lodge
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen
began to arrive in this city yesterday and
last evening. The major portion of all
who will attend the opening sesrr.on were
first at a meeting of the Past Masters'
Association in Shiels building and later
were the guests of Magnolia Lodge in Red
Men's Hall. At the first meeting there
were present many of the past and present
grand officers and many congratulatory
speeches were made on the~work that has
been done In the past year.
At the reception tendered by Magnolia
Lodge in the banquet hall of the Red
Men's building there was set out an excel
lent collation that was partaken of by
more than three hundred master work
men. After the edibles had been disposed
of George Wetmore, master of the lodge,
who acted as toastmaster. offeree a num
ber of toasts which were responded to by
per cent for e#iibitlons. They also settled
many <;ther points that arise in the pur
suit of their business. Both clubs agreed
to deposit an approved bond of $1000 with
James Chesley as an evidence of good
faith and it was stipulated that the club
transgressing the agreement should for
feit the sum to the other club.
Art Association.
The newly elected board of directors of
the San Francisco Art Association met
yesterday at the Mark Hopkins Institute
p.nd organized hy the election of James
\V. Byrne, president: Henry Heyman, sec
retary, and Willis Davis, treasurer.
Lecture on Extinct Animal Life.
Dr. John C. Merriman, professor of
palaeontology at the University of Cali
fornia, delivered an interesting- lecture
last night in the Academy of Sciences
Hall. The subject was "Extinct Animal
Lifa of the Bad Lands" and the lecture
was finely illustrated by lantern sl.'des. A
large audience was in attendance.
THE annual banquet of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association
took place in the Palace Hotel last
evening. President A. Sbarboro pre
sided. There were seven tables,
around which sat some of the most repre
sentative men of San Francisco. One long
tank- was fronted by invited guests, em
bracing President Wheeler; representative
of the Interstate Commerce Commission;
the Philadelphia Commercial Museum; the
University of California; the army of the
United Stat«-s; the liar and press of Cali
fornia, and all the commercial and manu
facturing organizations of the city.
Mr. Sbarboro made a happy toastmas
ter. In his opening remarks he called at
tention to the local prosperity of the past
year and predicted that the present year
would be the most prosperous in the his
tory of California. He then proposed the
rising toast of "The President of the
United States." The orchestra played
"The Star-spangled Banner" and the en-
| tire company united In singing the na
tional anthem.
General W. H. L. Barnes responded to
the. toast. When he mentioned the name
of William McKinley there were cheers
all over the room. He said that he had re
cently visited the President. When he
found how gentle and courteous the na
tion's Executive was he had thought it
true at last that God had created man In
His own image. The history of the various
acquisitions of territory by the United
States was recounted. In every instance
thore had been criticism. Such was the
fact now with the present administration.
There had been wise men. presidents of
colleges — God save the mark (laughter and
applause)— who had thought in their time
that the chief of the Seminole Indians,
when the acquisition of Florida was dis
cussed, was the Aguinaldo of his time.
There were wise and good men to-day who
condemned the administration for carry
ing out a wise and high purpose— not for
imperialism. No people could Malayize the
United Suites. On the contrary, the United
States would Americanize all comers. The
true American gentleman had no fear ot
the American flag, wherever it, floated.
The American gentleman saw in the ilag
ADOLPH STLVA of Sausalito was
the first witness the defense in the
Fair case put upon the stand yes
terday morning and he proved a
lyddite bomb. Glib, keen, pugna
cious and without an exhibition of re
morse for the nefarious part which he
claims to have played, he told a story of
corruption and bribery that smells like
a garbage pile.
According to Sylva's testimony he -was
approached by the Craven-Fair attorneys
and tne petitioner herself to secure some
Justice of the Peace of Sausalito to swear
falsely that he had married Mrs. Nettie
R. Craven to Senator Fair. As his dec
larations on the stand go. Judge Simpton
also entered Into the conspiracy for .the
sole purpose of confounding the lady peti
tioner. At the last moment, when the
Pence brotherhood and Mrs. Craven-Fair
intended to call Sylva and Simpton to for
tify their cause then the surprise was to
be launched at their heads, not so much
for the love of justice, but out of a deep
friendship for Joe Harvey and Charles
Fair, both of whom Sylva claims to have
known on most Intimate terms.
Double Cross Story.
This was Sylva's story told unblushing
ly and rejoicingly under the direction or
George Knight and steadfastly clung to
under the cross-examination of Lafe
Pence. With an unctuous delight in his
work the Sausalito politician reeled off a
tale trippingly from the tongue, glorying
in the fact, as he asserted, that the peti
tioner had come to him to put the finish
ing touches upon the corrupt, bribe-reek
ing scheme. So well was he prepared in
his testimony and so sharp as to details
that Lafe Pence could do nothing with
him hi cross-examination. The morning
session was consumed with the direct .ex
amination of Sylva; the afternoon was
given over to Pence on cross-examination,
but he is not yet finished with the Sausa
lito trickster, who will mount the stand
again this morning.
Galaxy of Attorneys.
./hen the court opened for the continu
ation of the trial nearly every attorney
connected with me case was present. The
.fences. Kuef and Denaon played a tattoo
upon their table and opposite them were
MciSiierney, Pierson. Knight, ex-Governor
Budd, Van R. Paterson, Crothers and
Sutro. In the afternoon sons-in-law Oel
richs and Koehler strolled in and listened
with an attentive ear. • Even Reuben
Lloyd found a place with the Fair galaxy
late in the day, only to hear some scath
ing shots which Sylva declared to have
beert thrown by Mrs. Craven-Fair in
speaking of the of attorneys
Lloyd smiled, as the crowd which packed
tlie courtroom fastened eager eyes upon
lU He'fore Sylva took the stand Lafe Pence
tried to reach an estimate of the value of
the Fair estate in order to fix the
widow's portion.. In four years the grosj
income of the Fair estate was $b.310.x&« 4V»
from which, after a deduction nf^rs of
property, etc., amounting to $3. U .4,1J4 «S.
theie was left $2i>26.70T 11. This seemed to
satisfy the Pences and they took their
seats, surrendering the field of action to
Knight. McEnerney, Pierson et al.
Sylva Eager for the Plot.
There was no mistaking Sylva s alacrity
and eagerness to free himself of his story.
George Knight had little labor with him.
Not only did he recollect each individual
meeting with Mrs. Craven-Fair and the
Pences but he narrated the conversa
tions that took place with exactness. In
the early part of August Sylva first met
Mrs Craven-Fair. As the witness' tesr
timony runs, she came over to Sausalito
on August 2. 1599. with Dunand and called
upon him. The petitioner stated that she
wanted him to hunt up the record of her
marriage which took place in ISO 2. But
before Sylva would interest himself in
the case he asked for a retainer. After
some quibbling $200 was the price set and
Mrs. Craven-Fair gave him a check for
that amount. It was signed Xettie: R.
Craven, but she afterward squeezed in
the word Fair. Once her attested client
Dunand left and then Mrs. Craven-Fair
had a heart-to-heart talk with Sylva. who
informed her all about the previous liti
gation. Jury-bribing, etc., for he was the
"Pooh-Bah" of Sausalito. After a prom
ise of- $20,000, all of which was to come
from son-in-law Koehler. Sylva agreed
to get a Justice of the Peace to swear to
any old thing.
Scheme Develops.
Several meetings on succeeding days ad
vanced the scheme peg by peg. Slmpton
was the Justice decided upon .-tnd Sylva
was to do the negotiating. There were
conferences with Simpton. Dunand and
Sylva and talk about a $30,000 stipulation
which Dunand was to sign for Sylva's
benefit. This afterward ripened into the
contract made in Dunand's office. Sylva
dictated the latter part of this contract
Just to show that it was not one-sided and
there was a valid consideration attached.
Then the scene shifted to the law offices
of Ponce & Pence after a lapse of a few
months. At this time Sylva, who was
heart and soul in the scheme, was rushing
from Sausa'lito to the Parrott building,
where he alleges rehearsals were the or
der of the day and night.
"Oh. they fell into the trap like a hun
gry mouse after cheese." said Svlva. Hp
told of the affidavit, but explained it
away as glibly as he recited all other de
tails.
Was a Tough Witness.
Lafe Pence was anything but frisky in
the cross-examination. He obtained from
the witness a description of his Sausalltn
home and -the fact that during the tlrst
interview his sister overheard every word
if the conversation between Mrs. (.raven-
Fair and himself. She wlll.be called upon
Lhe stand. Pence's interviews' with Siiva
were referred to. and the witness insin
uated that that attorney was in the
scheme to loot the Fair estate.
All for the love of Joe Harvey, a close
friend of Charles Fair, was the motive as
signed by Sylva for his connection with
the ca=e. Sylva declared that the day
aftor the first meeting with Mrs. Craven-
Fair he notified Joe Harvey of the scheme
and the latter told George Knight. From
that time on he w;ts bothered by Harvey,
at the instance of Knight, to make an
affidavit exposing the Infamous conduct
of the CraTen-FalT parties. To this -course
fcylva turned a deaf ear. reserving for a
coup de graoe his knowledge of the plot
to be exposed as a surprise on the stand.
Finally Sylva listened to the pleadings
and signed the famous midnight affidavit.
ADOLPH SYLVA TELLING HIS SENSATIONAL STORY.
the promise of justice and right and the
benediction of God, wherever it floated.
n Mayor Phelan welcomed the guests
*fl om abroad - speaking briefly. He said
tnat patriotism was as wide as the coun
try. The guests were welcomed as citi
zens of a common country; not in the
sn I r 't of commercialism alone.
Director Wilson of the Philadelphia
Commercial Museum made the speech of
the evening. He described the work of
the museum. He was greeted with the
singing of "He's a Jolly Good Fellow,"
and he said that this was only the contin
uation ot" the experience he had so far
met with in California. He praised highly
the scenery, the wines and othor products
of California. This State, through its
fruits, was in the moufh of all the coun
try. He then described some of the re
markable work of the Philadelphia . Mu
seum. It had extended correspondence
until It now had connections with SO.OOO
foreign business houses: in this corre
spondence $50,000 was expended for post
age alone last year; forty thousand busi
ness houses in the United States had been
placed on the classified lists of the
¦museum for foreign circulation; the mu
seum had connection with correspondence,
to establish the rating of foreign houses,
with* 1600 foreign banks; agents had been
sent to every commercial country In the
world, except India, to investigate and
report; card cabinets, containing 60,(100
cards each, relating to American houses,
have been sent to forty-five foreign coun
tries; thirty foreign goverments are send
ing all thoir publications and the commer
cial publications of all other foreign
countries are secured; eleven hundred
foreign publications were' regularly re
ceived and a department of experts was
constantly digesting all matters received
and sending our reports to American busi
ness and manufacturing concerns; mar
kets had been made for American wares
in a great number of instances which
were quoted.
Dp to last year over 150,000 samples of
foreign products had been accumulated.
The museum could never have succeeded
if it had been a private concern, but It
was a municipal institution. Philadelphia
had been contributing $115,000 annually to
the museum for the past three years.
Last year the museum put SfiOO.OOO into
new buildings. He looked forward to the
time when San Francisco would not only
equal but surpass the present greatest
port of the commercial center or the
United States.
President Wheeler responded for the
Pacific Commercial Museum, which, as he
said, could only succeed by doing hard
work. The opportunity held out by Phila
delphia to San Francisco was of the first
water. He spoke of i the nobility, the
largeness of spirit that characterized
Philadelphia in this matter. There was
no niggardliness, no counting of what
benefit the offer would give rise to. He
wished that all present would work to
help Philadelphia get .the appropriation
that is sought from Congress. Philadel
phia and San Francisco had common
cause in this matter. This was the place
for a sister institution to arise.
Irving M. Scott, speaking for "Home In
dustries," also spoke In high praise of
"the magnilicent institution described by
Director Wilson of Philadelphia."- He al
luded to the destiny of San Francisco, and
said that what the people need Is a reign
of law and liberty, progress and internal
and external expansion. In an Jmpas-
Bioned eulogy of California. Mr. Scott's
voice almost failed him, and he sat down
evidently moved with his subject.
General Shafter. speaking for the army,
was greeted with cheers and a rising
toast.
Chairman Knapp of the Interstate Com
merce Commission dealt largely with the
groat results that have followed the Intro
duction of transportation by steam in rev
olutionizing the world. The first step that
Congress took to assert itself in the regu
lation and restraint of transportation cor
porations would not be retraced. Congress
would go on. The recklessness of private
ownership and the cupidity of corpora
tions would be held in check for the good
of the entire country. Judge Knapp was
amazed by the wonders of California. He
complimented the witnesses before the In
terstate Commission who have testified in
this State for their grasp of the problem
of transportation, and also the attorneys
who have appeared as "the peers of any
member of the bar of the United States."
At a very late hour M. H. de Young:
spoke, responding to the toast of "The
Press."
CALIFORNIA MERCHANTS HEAR
WORDS OF CHEER AND WISDOM
SYLVA AND HIS
TALE OF INFAMY
Defense in Fair Case Launches
Its First Bolt Against the
Petitioner. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 1900.
12
Brilliant Gathering at Banquet in the Palace Addressed
by Director Wilson of the Philadelphia Museum
and Interstate Commissioner Knapp.