STATE COUNCIL
ONLY A FARCE
Railroad Programme Shamelessly
Carried Out, While the Pro
tests of Respectable Men Are
Given No Consideration*
f$ ALLHEADQU ARTERS,
SACRAMENTO, May
15. — The Republican
State Convention has passed into
the political historv of Califor-
The Southern Pacific Railroad
Company ruled the delegates
with a rod which brooked no re
bellion. Men of repute among
their fellows, of honor, integrity
REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION RULED BY THE IRON
ROD OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
Cowed by the Threats of Herrin
and His Creatures of the Ten
derloin, Delegates Bend Their
Necks to the Yoke.
ployes on the floor and gave their
orders to the delegates. Saloon
politicians kept guard over dis
trict conventions and dictated
their policy. Independent men
condemning what it believes to
be agencies of ill-healtli in the
Republican party.
The proprietor of this paper cn
tersd the field -with a full kno-wledjp
! that the influences •which Th3 Call
gh/\irM/\in obeys
HERRIN'S DICTATES
The Republican party of the State of California, by : its representatives, pledges Itself anew, to those principles of
domestic and foreign policy which, under a wise administration of public affairs, have brought us prosperity at home
and honor abroad." . . • , . . y _ ; - «• •
We declare our continued adherence to the' policy by. which the Republican party has ' proved itself In fact, as In
theory,* the friend of labor, and .'under which" our manufactures not -only- control > the = home market, but are- taking
first rank In foreign markets throughout the world. '/-. > : •
We are in favor of the construction of thej Nicaragua canal, under Government control and ownership.
Wo fully appreciate the menace to this country, and. especially to the. Pa clflc Coast, froin'.the continually increas
ing Influx of Asiatic labor, and we call upon Congress -by appropriate legislation to. protect us from this Impending;
danger, ' ....... . . • - •..-.. -./ ,;'.-' ;.'¦.."¦• ¦ ' ¦ -^
We. heartily commend the patriotism and .valor. of our soldiers and sailors who. have upheld the honor of our,
flagf. and country and emulated the glorious example "of the men 1 who preserved the integrity of tho Union and won.
the lasting. love and admiration of .a grateful people./ ;" ' - • . •¦;,.;/.* '--¦¦'
We heartily indorse the , administration of* President \ McKinley, as . exemplifying ; the highest type of statesman
ehip, and gratifying In every particular ; the confidence , reposed in him by the American ; people. We. declare' ourselves
In favor of the continuance of „ the policy of the ; present' administration ¦ as essential "to the public welfare, and com-
Vnend our ' President as meriting renomlnationV and ¦'; triumphant ' re-election and ¦ hereby Instruct our delegates to the
National Convention to give him s their hearty support. ,;v ..' - .\ , . ... s . . * - ¦
\ We Indorse the fearlessl and economical administration of State : affairs by Governor. Henry [T. Gage and express.
oui\approval of tho 'faithful manner jlnwhlch'he has discharged "the duties of his trust.:, ¦'".. ¦. , ¦ ....
PLATFORM ADOPTED BY THE
REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION
as the'vbtes.were registered. Men
who claim a freedom of action
saV railroad agents coaching the
chairman- of the convention on
the platform. Racetrack touts,
gamblers and roustabouts min
gled with daring Federal ' em-
Under the protecting wing of
the Southern Pacific Company
men, whose public immorality
and private unworth have made,
them the cringing objects of -the
lash of criticism, shouted their
defiance and boasted their tri
umph over the efforts of men
who have striven to suppress
and standing in the various as
pects of life, were forced, under
threat, to obey the commands of
the corporation and carry to suc
cess a programme which was
made in the railroad building.
Machine politics, corrupt and
corrupting, bossism against
which this paper has been a per
sistent opponent and to destroy
which evety honorable effort has
been made, ruled the convention,
disgraced its proceedings, and in
shameless effrontery proclaimed
to Republicans of California that
the struggle for pure politics
in this State is not by any means
over, v \
A majority of the delegates
made no pretense of personal
freedom of action. Cowed by the
threat that the Southern Pacific
It is with this purpose that The
Call exposes this morning 1 the shame
ful machinery of a corrupt corpora
tion which operated tha convention
which adjourned to-night.
The proprietor of thi3 papsr en
tered that contest as a Republican
and he left it as such, concerned
solely in the advancement and advo
cacy of the principles of Republican
ism, but not of the excrescences of
Republicanism. The Call is and will
be a Republican n-swspaper. Its plat
form in the present campaign will
be the platform of the National Re
publican Convention. Its policy ¦will
be to win success for the Republican
party and to lash from public life tho
rascals who seek to protect them
selves in the folds of the Republican
or any other banner.
has opposed and which it will con
tinue to oppose in public life would
defeat him. With, that knowledge
he became a candidate in order that
he might register his protest against
the corruption of a corporation and
place upon record the men who can
not stand under two flags.
in the convention rebelled
against the. outrage, but in vain.
The Southern Pacific Company
was determined to show that the
politics of bribery and intimida
tion of impure public men and
dishonored public trusts is not
yet dead in California.
In criticizing the proceedings
of this convention The Call, per
haps, is in a position of embar
rassment, but its fidelity to the
best interests of the Republican
party and its duty to the people
of California demand that if tell
the true story- of the convention.
Californians have demonstrated
that they will not tolerate
corruption in political or
public life. That the pro
prietor of ; The Call was an
aspirant for ' the honor of rep
resenting California as a delegate
at large to the National Repub
lican Convention, and that Vhe
was .not 'elected, will not deter
The Call from criticizing and
Influences which mean politi
cal ill-health and public disease
governed a majority of the dele
gates and made them servants of
a power which in California has
become the type of public evil.
nia. It met this morning, has
tened the affairs which concerned
it, and adjourned to-night. Dele
gates to the National Republican
Convention have been chosen,
the administration of President
McKinley has been indorsed, and
the Republicans of California are
ready now for the battle of bal
lots which will take place in No
vember. It is unfortunate that
the party enters upon this se
rious struggle, which means so
much to the people of this State
and nation, under condition* not
promising. The convention
which adjourned to-night was
dominated by an influence which
Californians, irrespective of
party, have arraigned and de
nounced. •
The convention which ad
journed to-night was as shame
less and audacious in its subser
viency to- the Southern Pacific
Company as any which ever dis-
them , and remove them from a
sphere which they dishonor.
graced { the; .party. . ' Delegates
made no pretense of indepen-
dence. They , were voted in
blocks as the agents of the rail
road dictated. -They! were forced
to submit to the humiliation of
being watched- by railroad agents
VICE-CHAIRMAN PARDEE OPENING THE REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION.
Continued on Third Paga.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 177.
Third DlBtrict: Delegates GeorKe AV.^Reed and It.
D. Robbln*. Alternates — A. R. Leach of Alameda and
A. A. Thnyer of Colusr... - , ". ,''
Second Districts Delegates— E. C. Hart of Sacra
mento find H. T- 1'OTrers of Placer. 'Alternates— K.C.
Voorhcix o^ Amador nud J. AV. AVllson of Sacramento.
First District* Delegate*) — D.'.S. Cone of Tehnma
and John L. Chllds.of Del Xorte. Alternates — John
M. Roberts ot Mendoclao nnd J. II. Bfeves of St. Helena.
Delegates r.t 1, a rare— -V. S. Grant Jr^of San. Dle»o,
George C. Pardee of Alameda, George AV Knlsrlit of San
Francisco r.nd K. D. Hideout of Marysvllle. Alternates
— B. S. Kabcoclc of San DleKO, Alfre'd Bonvler of San
Franciaco, Warren Portpr'of Santa Crni nnd H. G. AV.
yiiiUc-nriteil of San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA'S REPRESENTATIVES IT PHILADELPHIA.
Fourth District: Delefiratew — M. A. Gnmt and Joseph
S. Spear Jr. Alternates— A. Reef and Henry Sonntag.
Fifth ' District: Delegates — II. G. Bond of Santa
Clara and Jndse "W. C.'Van Fleet of S«rn Francisco.
Alternates— G. , M. Bowman of San Jone and K. D.
Tclxotto of San Francisco.
Sixth District t Delegates — W*. M. Garland of Los
An^relen and A.- J. Bell of Ventura. Alternates- — Dr. E.
Henderaon of Pomona and Warren M. John of San Lais
Oblnpo.
¦ Seventh Dlntrlcts Dcleeates^— AV. S. Hooper of San
Bernardino nnd Dr. Chmtcr A. Ilowpll of Frpiino. Al
ternnlfj — V. K. Arnold of Kern nnd John L. Paul of
San Bernardino. ' ' ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.DELEGATES AT LARGE
TO THE NATIONAL REPUB
LICAN CONVENTION AT
PHILADELPHIA.
especially do 'we, the people of California, for
the issues are the most vital to this great State.
California should indorse, and indorse over
whelmingly, the administration of William Mc-
Kinley. an administration which has revolution
ized commercially » these "Pacific States. It 1«
one of the- ,mcst essential things for success
that, we have In the ranks of our party har
mony. We reed the urgent, we need the most
earnest, support of every Republican; we need
the earnest eupnort of every faction. ¦ /
As a Caltfornlan, as one who has the Inter
ests Of this great State, at heart,. I wish 1 to
place in 'nomination for the honored position
of delegate-at-larre to the- national conven
tion, the name of, a. Californian. one who has
implicit faith in the future of this' great State,
a man who has that great faith in the future
of California that causes him. to put his wealth
'into the development of this great State.
¦We need in ; California more men like John
r>. Spreckels (applause and cheers) — men who
have Implicit faith In the future of their State
and men who are willing to show their faith
by investing their money and developing this
great commonwealth. . - ,: ¦..
The Republicanism of Mr. Spreckels cannot
be questioned. When the Republican party has
been in need of assistance, when the Repub
lican party has been in need of financial aid,
then the Republicanism of John D. Spreckels
was not questioned. When the Republicans of
this great State desired aid In carrying to a
successful issue the different campaigns
through which we have passed, those in con
trol of the affairs of the party have n6t hesi
tated to receive f rom Mr. Spreckels his finan
cial aid. . «.;¦¦-;.-;-.¦,;.
I would not detract one lota from what has
been said relative to the merits of the various
candidates who have been presented , to this
convention, but I will eay that Mr. Spreckels
is pqnal in loyalty to the party. In loyalty to
the State. . to any who have been mentioned.
And for the sake of harmony, and because I
believe It is the smallest honor we can bestow
upon a man who has done so much for this
great State, and because I believe he Is fit,
that he Is an able representative, and that he
will carry to Philadelphia the message of Cali
fornia and as well will represent this common
wealth as any of tljose who have already been
mentioned— for these reasons I present to this
convention the name of Hon. John D. Spreck
els of San Francisco. (Applause.)
Preston Talks Plainly.
E. F. Preston of San Francisco second
ed the nomination of Mr. Spreckels. Mr.
Preston spoke as follows: •
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the Re
publican Convention; Four years ago the
National Convention of Republicans met'in
this city for deliberation. Since that time
it has blazoned the broad rOad of.hlsrory
and planted its honors in letters of ever
glowing light upon the temples of fame.
It carried the American flag up the blood
swept hill at ElCaney; it swept the Span
ish fleet at Manila. It has carried us
through one of the most dangerous and
one of the most critical periods in Ameri
can history.
It is -easy to stand bofore a Republican
convention and dispose of questions
which tear the • Senate of -the
United States asunder; it is easy
to dispose of great momentous
questions, and .because a man does not
agree with you cast the taint of disloyalty
upon him. It is easy to • talk, but it is
hard to act. The' Republican party acts;
the Democratic party criticizes.
__What , is the condition here to-day?
There is no Republican who does not love
William McKinley; and his reputation.
(Applause and cheers.) There Is no Re
publican who is not proud of the adminis
tration which for the first time blotted
out Mason and Dixon's line and let a
united American army under the Blue and
Gray climb that hill to glory and dlo like
Americans. (Applause.) And who are
these men who arise and criticize and
carp and cavil? I have heard to-day upon
the floor of this convention remarks upon
the loyalty, upon the Republicanism of
the gentleman whose name I rise to sec
ond. I am his personal friend, and I am
proud of it. And. I am a Republican and
ne is a Republican, and the man who has
circulated these stories about his loyalty
I defv to repeat them to his face.
•*I like a highwayman who comes to my
face and takes some element of personal
danger when he meets me in my front. I
can even, respect, a- burly ruffian" who
meets me face to face and brains me with
his cudgel if it takes nerve to strengthen
his-'arm; but 1 despise the shivering, cow
ardly assassin I who sneaks up with noise
less foot behind and places his poniard in
your weisand without any element of risk
to himself. ¦
I vouch for the Republicanism of John
D. Spreckels.: (Applause. ) I vouch for his
loyalty to the administration. : . I vouch for
his support of that Republican platform,
whether - it " agrees with ¦ Mr. McKinley
that * free trade should bo awarded ' to
Porto Rico, or If it decides with the United
States Senate that the .United States tar
iff ;should be applied.to the islands. ; Who
is; this deciding these national questions
In advance? VUpon what "meat has this;
our Caesar, fed.r that -he hath- grown so
great?" Wherein- have Republican ora-"
tors drawn down the rifted lightning from
heaven that may grace them. with infalli
bility? '"> -..•...-. .
; I agree that Philadelphia needs men of
Continued on Third : Pa««.
The election of delegates to the Na
tional Convention being in order, D. C.
Collier Jr. nominated W.. S. Hooper and
Mr. Frost heartily seconded the nomina
tion. Senator Thomas Flint Jr. paid a
high tribute to Dr. Chester Rowelf when
he placed him In nomination, and District
Attorney Waltheul added his meed of
praise. Both pentlemen were elected by
acclamation. C. E. Arnold of Bakerafleld
and Colonel J. F. Paul of Ontario. San
Bernardino County, were chosea alter
nates. • ~;V"_,' •
Whereas. The Hon. J. C. Needham has mada
an able and faithful Representative in tha Con
gress cf the United States, ever alive to th»
best Interests of his constituents, and. whereas.
we believe that those Interests would be beat
served by a return to that body, therefore be it
Resolved. That this convention heartily In
dorses his offlcial acts, his renomlnation and
election as Representative of the Seventh Con
rresslonal District.
Delegate George Ford of Riverside of
fered^the following resolution, which was
adopted without a dissenting voice:
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, May 15.— A supreme effort was
made during the session of the Seventh
Congressional District this afternoon to
pledge the delegates to Indorse George
Pardee, George A. Knight, N. D. RIdeout
and U. S. Grant Jr. as delegates at large
to the National Convention, but It failed.
The southern delegates showed a disin
clination to bind themselves by accepting
the candidates named as their choice.
The motion made by George Frost to ac
cept the four gentlemen waa laid on th»
table and the programmers made a vain
effort to resurrect it. but scored a failure.
The delegates would have none of it an<i
for fear that it might be forced on them.
a motion to adjourn was heartily carried.
/. * Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SEVENTH DISTRICT.
more energetic in their sense of civic duty than
the yetriots of 1S96.
Tha Republican party advocates protection to
American Industry; It believes in reaching out
and getting for her citizens a fair share of that
vast trade that is prowins «I> in the awaken
ing Orient. The RcDUblJcan party believes in
a navv commene-jrete with the power and the
dignity of this great nation.' (Applausp.) ft
believes in extending the liberty-loving ideals
and the Inspiring tradition* of a free people to
the Island? of tbe Pacific; for patriotic devo
tion to the welfare of the republic It has never
been excelled. It represents all that is best in
orgenized society and wisest in American citi
zenship. (Applause.)
This party will meet next month at Philadel
phia In a national delegate convention. Ths du
ties devolving upon these delegates will" be
largo. The Issues of that convention will be
vast and effective. Will the American people
measure ur> to the full greatness of their op
portunities, or tvill they listen to the echo of
the past and become a stumbling block -In the
onward march of free Institutions? Will we be
true to her liberty-loving ideals, or will we
prove apostate to the spirit of liberty? Will
we, my friends, debase our coinage, or stand
loyally by the business honesty and Integrity of
the v/oria? 'Will we convert the Pacific Ocean
into a great commercial highway for American
enterprises, or will the Anrlo-Saxon race find
in its first decadence? Will we cowardly
shrink from the duties of manifest destiny and
cower «t the cry of Imperialism, or will we
baptize ourselves anew in the spirit of our
fathers and fearlessly discharge the duties of a
nation of freemen? (Applause.).'
My friends, the Philadelphia convention must
answer these questions, and it must answer
them right; and to that end we must send as
delegates to that convention men Inspired by
patriotism and upheld by the idols of the repub
lic—mm of business; men of Judgment: men of
Straining in the duties of citizenship. We must
¦send to that convention men whose election will
not honor, but whose presence In the convention
will be an honor to the Republican party. (Ap :
plause.)
Gentlemen of ths convention, .we bring to
you from . Southern California such a manr-a"
man high In character, trained in the law, en
ergetic in his eenge of civic duty, and a man
with a heart as warm as the genial climate in
which he lives. (Applause.) A man interested
in the growth and prosperity of Southern Cali
fornia and more patriotically devoted to the
whole Interests of the Imperial commonwealth;
a man whose character is as high and whose
mind is as clear as the unclouded sky of our
sunny southland, and. lastly, a man who is
patriotically, unfalteringly devoted . to the -re
nomlnatlcn of William' McKinley for President
of the United States. (Continued applause.)*
Gentlemen, I have the distinguished pleasure
of nominating for one of the delegates at large
from the State of California to the National
Henubllcan Convention the Hon. U. S. Grant
Jr.' of 8an Die;o.
U. S. Grant's nomination was seconded
by Judge McKinley of Los Angeles, E. V.
Spencer of Lassen. Senator Gillette and
C. R. Stewart of San Diego..
Knight's Name Presented.
George A. Knight was placed in the
field by Judge McKinley of Los Angeles,
¦who addressed the convention as follows:
Gentlemen of the Convention: The Republi
can party always goes forward and never back
ward^ It Is always foremost In all the great
movements of foreign and domestic policy in
this country. As Garfleld once expressed it:
"Where are the embers of our camp fires, fre
quently the Democratic party has followed."
I bring you to-night the name of a man who
needs no eulogy from me. b?cau?e hin own
eloquence throughout the length^, and breadth
of this' State has made him a home. in the
hearts of Its people. In 18S4, when the State
of California, looked forward .enthusiastically
to the nomination of that brilliant, and peer
less leader, James G. Blaine (applause), it
eent to that convention among- its delegates a
young man whose' name I am to present to
you to-night. On other occasions, the last at
St. I>ouis four years ago, when the delegates to
the Republican ¦ party gathered to nominate a
candidate for -Preeldent— the. same man was
among the number and took part in the nom
ination of the great etatesman whose admin
istration of the affairs of this i, Government / is
such that the Republican party goes into this
contest with the confidence that victory must
result.
I present to you the name of a man whom,
as I have said, we all love and admire. I bring
to you the name of George A. Knight. (Ap
plause.)
Mr. Knight's nomination was seconded
by C. W. Kyle of San Francisco.
Pardee Named by Young.
Dr. George C. Pardee's name was pre
sented to the convention by J.N. Young
of Alameda, who said: .
Mr. President and gentlemen of the conven
tion: It becomee my pleasant duty, to bring be
fore you a representative of the banner Repub
lican county of the State of California. (Ap
plause.) He is well known to every Republican
throughout the State. He was born in the State
of California, and his Interests are» involved in
the welfare of his native State. ' His 'name is
Dr. George C. Pardce. (Applause.), He is the
uninlmous choice of every man in 'Alaincda
County and in the Third Congressional District.
1 believe to-day he is the choice of. every man
who has. at h*art the best Interests of Califor
nia. He has unquestioned ability an.I Integrity,
and no man will attend that . national ; conven
tion who will discharge the duty of that high
of nee more creditably than ' will Dr. Pardee.
(Applause.). ,;;'•;,* .'".. .:,'•.
T. •V.-Eddy of San Francisco ¦ made a
speech of considerable length in which he
paid a tribute to the sterling worth of Dr.
Pardee. ' . #
. Knowland Nominates Spreckels. .
John D. Spreckels of San, Francisco. was
placed In nomination by Joseph, R, Know
land of Alameda. Mr.Knowland said:
' Mr. . Chairman and scntlernen of 'the conven
tion:. We are ) assembled here ; to-nigrht. repre
senting the srand . Republican" party of Califor
nia,' charted ' with the important 'duty of "doing
our ' small .part : toward B.ettlntr" ln. ? motlon J the
wheels of the Republican National Convention/
There i« not ulthln the broad domain of these
United " States - a : zlnsle citizen iwho does " not
realize the importance of thejssues Involved, and
. : ~ : •'¦¦¦ ¦-¦ ¦' -
SECOND DISTRICT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, May 15.— Ex-Judge "Walling of
Nevada County was elected temporajj''
chairman of the Second Congressional
District Convention at the initial session
of that body this forenoon. The meet
ing was called. to order by Attorney Ar
thur Levlnsky of Stockton, who Is chair
man of the district committee. At the
outset Mr. Levinsky stated that he had
been informed by delegates from Inyo,
Mono, Tuolumne, Amador and San Joa
quin counties that they had delegates
en route to- the convention, and advised
that a recess be taken until 4 o'clock or
until after. the convention had adjourned.
H. E. Barber of San Joaquln took the
cue and secured the flo«r. He said j that
his "county was entitled to fifteen dele
gates; that they were not all present,
but had agreed, to attend the delib
erations of: the convention. He therefore
moved that a recess be taken until '4
o'clock.
Grove L. Johnson, always on the alert
to make a parliamentary point, started
to say that ho did not agree with Bar
ber, and stated his reasons for his view
of tjie situation, but was sharply called
down by the chairman, who invited him
to wait until the motion wAs properly
put. Johnson gracefully subsided for the
nonce, but was soon on his feet in oppo
sition to the motion. He contended that
it was the duty of the district convention
to . effect temporary' . organization and
elect a chairman and secretaries. Further
debate followed, but the motion was lost.
Again Grove L. secured the floor, and
placed J. M. /Walling of Nevada in nomi
nation for chairman. His election was
made by acclamation. Judge "Walling was
formally Introduced to the convention by
Mr. Levinsky as "the old Republican war
horse" of Nevada County. Chairman
Walling took good-natured . exception to
the statement that he was old, and felt
sure that no one who saw him would ac
cept such a statement. ;
" H. E. Barber of San Joaquln and Frank
Smith were named as temporary secre
taries. Their election was by acclamation.
After Assemblyman Johnson and Senator
Cutter of Yuba failed to prolong the in
itial session Levfnsky's motion to adjourn
until the afternoon prevailed.
Upon reconvening In the afternoon. the
Second Congressional District Convention
took up the work prescribed for it. Judge
Walling was made permanent chairman
and Secretaries Barber and Smith perma
nent * secretaries. Nominations "for dele
gates | to j the i convention being . in order.
Grove L. Johnson bobbed up serenely and
named E..C. Hart of Sacramento. | Arthur
Levinsky was placed in nomination. Tut
tle of Placer dwelt on ths splendid ser
vices rendered the party by Harold Power
of Placer and told of his fitness for Hhe
office.* ¦: Judge Niles " \ ." '; : followed and
placed John F. Kidder of Grass Valley in
nomination. A ballot resulted in. the elec
tion of Hart and Power. As a balm to their
disappointment Levinsky and Kidder were
offered the ' posts of alternates, but both
gracefully refused. Thoma3 Voorhles ; of
Amador and J. W. Wilson of Sacramento
were then elected alternates.
THIRD DISTRICTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, ' SACRA
MENTO, May 15.-^The : Third Congression
al ' District , convention waa called ' to or-'
der ; by/ Secretary Frank Barnett In tne
absence .of i Chairman j George w. .- R*'ed.
The Assembly' chamber, at :the State Capi
tol , was well filled with delegates when the
session : opened : and : before the business of
ihe meeting had beea concluded/ the at- j
PALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, 15.— The First Con
1 gressional District Convention was
Ij organized in the Senate chamber at
>^11 a. m. to-day. Walter F. Price
of Sonoma was chosen, chairman. .When
nominations for delegates were called
for, ex-Assemblyman J. T. Matlock.
Tehama County's favorite orator, arose
and placed in the field Douglas S.
Cone of Red Bluff. The orator pre
dicted a great victory for the Republican
party in' the election next November. He
reviewed .the hard times, business adver
sities and general depression which over
shadowed the country under Democratic
rule. He described how business revived
and happiness returned under the admin
istration of President McKlnley. -When,
it came time tosay something: for Doug-*
las Cone, the orator spoke of him as a
stalwart champion, who contributed free
ly of his means jo maintain the party or
ganization. These donations from the
Cone bank account were regarded by
Captain Matlcck as oil to lubricate the
party machinery. The speech was char
acteristic and won prolonged applause.
Senator Gillette of Humboldt placed in
nomination John L. Childs of Del Norte.
He said Mr. Childs, was 'an active and ef
fective -¦worker. By his sincere devotion
to the cause of Republicanism he had
changed the political complexion of Del
Norte and placed the county in the Re
publican column.
On -motion the ballot of the convention
was cast for Douglas 6. Cone and John
L. Childs.- J. E. Roberts of Mendocino
was chosen as Mr. Cone's alternate. J. II.
Steves of Napa County waa elected alter
nate, for Mr. Childs.
rin. Robert Corlett of Napa, John Gregrg
of Tehama. J. M. Fulweiler of Placer,
Warren Sexton of Butte. Thomas A. Hen
dr-r of Tuolumne. A. A. Thayer of Co
lusa. Theodore Gler of Alameda, E. II.
Archer of Yolo. E. J. Smith of San Fran
c!sco, Frank Koeeel of San Francisco,
E. L. Fitzgerald of San Francisco, W. A.
Nicholson of San Francisco. W. M. Johns
of San Luis Obispo, F. M. Chapman of
Ixss Anpeles. D. G. Holt of Los Angeles,
L,. L. Shaw of Orange. A. O. Shaw of
Msdera.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento moved
that a committee of twenty-cne on per
manent organization and order of busi
ness Le appointed. The motion being
adoptW. the chair appointed E. C. Hart
cf Sacramento (chairman); F. ! J. Nllcn of
Nevada, C. A. Swisler of El Dorado, J.
C. Bull of Hurnboldt, Henry Abbott of
Shasta, R. S. Taylor of Siskiyou, W. L.
Crdpka of Solano, W. Frank Pierce of
Alameda. A. Hocheimpr of Glenn. T. V.
Eddy cf San Francisco. A. E. Ruef of
Sa-. Francisco,. James Giileran of San
Francisco. Henry C. Dibble of San Fran
cisco. A. Greenlr.gcr of Santa Olara,
George C. Ross of San Mateo, Orestes
Orr of Ventura. D. F. Maher of Santa
Cruz. Fred M. Smith of l*cs Angeles, C.
F. Elliott of Stanislaus. O. H. Hubbell of
San Bernardino, George 1* Hoxie of
Fresno.
On motion of J. W. McKinley of Los
Angeles a committee on platform
and resolutions was appointed, the
chair naming J. W. McKinley of Lcs
Angeles (chairman). T. L. (,'arothers of
Mfndoi-ino. J. X. Gillette of Humboldt, I>.
V. Hutchinson of Sonoma, W« M. Cutter
of Yuba. H. A. Powell of Alameda. K. E.
Gaddis of Yclo. Jacob Levi Jr. of San
Francisco. Gastcn Strauss of San Fran
cisco. C. B. Rode of San Francisco, W. S.
Wood of San Francisco. George Stone of
San Francisco, C. M. Shoriridge of Santa
Ciara, N. A. Dorn of Monterey, J. W.
Tapgan of Santa Barbara, Thomas Flint
Jr. of San Benlto. S. C. Smith o" Kf?rn.
W. R. Guy of San Diego, S. K. Thornton
of Aiuador.
W. M. Cutter of Yuba moved that all
resolutions be referred to the committee
without reading and without debate. The
motion prevailed. A recess of fifteen min
utes was taken to give the chair time to
select the committees here named. The se
lection was announced by the secretary
when the convention reassembled at 3:31
p. m. Nothing, further was done during
the afternoon and on motion of Judge
Dibble a recess was taken until 8 p. m.
Convention Hssumes "Work.
The night session of the convention was
called to order by Chairman. Forbe3 at
S:39 o'clock. Xo time was wasted in pre
liminaries. The report of the committee
on credentials v;as presented and adopted.
E. C. Hart, chairman of the committee
on permanent organization and order of
business, submitted a report as follows:
To the chairman and. members of the conren
tion—Gentlemen: Your committee, on permanent
organization and order of business reports as
follows:
We recommend, that the temporary officers, of
the convention be the permanent officers of tile
convention.
We recommend that there be a State Central
Committee, to be constituted and organized as
"fcllowi: ' ' • • ¦"¦¦•.
First — One member from each Assembly dis
trict in the State, provided that where there is
ir.cre than one county in an Assembly district
then cne from each county. Said member in
each care to be chosen by the delegates to this
convention from the 'Assembly district or county
as aforesaid.
Second— Twenty-one members at large, who
shall constitute the executive committee, to be
appointed by the chairman of the convention
within ten days after the adjournment of the
.convention. Such executive committee shall
meet for organization In San Francisco at 1
o'clock p. m.. May 23, 1900, At such place as may
be fixed by the' present officers of the State
Centra.1 Committee. The members of the execu-_
tix-e committee Ehall be «x-cfftcio members and"
officers of. the State Central Committee. Vacan
cies '.r. the executive committee 6hall be filiea
by 6aid committee. Vacancies in the Btate ctn
tr*l Committee ; shtll be fiHed by the' county
Your . committee recommends that the propo
sitions submitted by Delegate A. J. Pillsbury
relating to the organization of the State Cen
tral Committee be referred to the State-Cen
tral Combmlttee. with instrucions to lay the
same before the State Convention to be selected
in August next.
Your committee recommends that the follow
ing be the order of business:
Report of committee en resolutions.
Election of four delegates at large to the Na
tional Republican Convention.
Election of four alternate delegates at large to
the National Republican Convention.
Announcement of names of delegates and alter
nates to the National Convention elected by the
several Congressional dietrict convention*.
Announcement of names of State Central Com
mittee chosen by the several delegates from As
sembly district^ and counties.
E. C. HART, Chairman.
Innovation Goes Through.
T. V. Eddy of Ban Francisco moved the
adoption of th» report. E. F. Preston
called attention to an innovation In the
report. He objected to that section which
provides for the appointment of a State
executive committed by the chairman of
the convention. He moved that it be
stricken out and that there be substituted
for It a clause providing that the State
Central Committee shall elect its own ex
ecutive committee. Dibble replied that
the clause was not -an innovation, but waa
copied from the report of two years ago.
Preston replied that -it might have been
slipped in at the last convention, but li
•was: not in keeping with' the customs of
the good old times when the State Central
Committee of this State elected its own
executive committee. ' .
A motion to amend the report was de
feated. A motion to adopt prevailed.
In presenting the report of the commit
tee on platform and resolutions Judge
McKinley of Los Angeles said that the
committee took" Into consideration that
another convention would be held for the
purpose of nominating electors, hence an
elaborate declaration of principles was
not embodied In the report.". The report
was adopted in a perfunctory fashion.
Hub1>ell Nominates Grant.
The chair announced that -the next or
der of business was the flection of four
delegates at large:- O. C.'Hubbell of Santa
Barbara, to the and
placed In nomination U." S. Grant Jr. Mr.
Hubbell spoke as follows:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven
tion: The Republican ¦ party stands to-day as
the conservator of the peace of the world. Had
It listened to the etuoid demands of Democ
racy it would have withdrawn the American
flas " from 'the Philippine Archipelago and
painted the' horizon's rim red with the flames
of a world-wide war over Its possession. The
Republican party believes in honest money.' it
has placed upon the statute books of the na
tion a standard of . value recognized by the
world as the safest and best. In 1S96. with a
patriotism and a devotion never excelled it
opposed the current of financial Idiocy and
saved this country; from the perils of a free
til ver coinage. When free' Institutions were at
tacked by the Chicago platform. Republicans
spracK to tha support of ; honest ' government
and the maintenance of financial and busi
ness honesty. ' (Applause.) By their, brilliant
example they brought hundreds and thou-
Fands of; patriotic citizens ¦ to : support them
In that campaign. Romans could not have been
-¦•••. '-•;-• ¦.%¦ .-...,
rALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. May 15.— Delegates* to the
L State convention assembled quietly
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. A half
hour «?lapse<i bofore all the seats
assigned to the various delegations were
occupied. There were no demonstra
tions of enthusiasm. The numbfr
<>f sportato^ was rot largp. The band
played lively airs while the delegates were
csserr.biing:. At 2:30 p. m. Dr. tleorRe C
Pardee, vice chairman of the State Central
Committee, rapped the audience to order.
When the buzz «>f conversation subsided
l:e spoke as follows:
Gentlemen — This convention ot the Hepublican
party of the Etntc of Calltomia has bet-n called
together in quadrennial segtisa to nominate
dplegRtes, '.r\ accordance with the rail of th?
fctate Central <"ojnir.itlf->». to the National He-
J5ubli<-*n Convention, vrh'.ch will m«-et la Phila
delphia on the 19th day of nest njrnth. I think
that the Republican party of California and of
the nation is prouii of th? record which it has
Jr.ade during Hie la*t four ye-^rs. lApplaure.)
It has carried on a meccasStd foreign war and
has humbled at its le^t CBS o' the ]>roudP6t
rations of ir.onarrhlal Europe, Tr.<!cr Its fc5
tcjtsg r are. prosperity Si-s> asa!n dawned upon
our land and we are r.otv in ncs'tiun to say
that all of ihe promises rr-ade bF the party at
Its last nntionsl conveniion have been fuliy
carried ou 1 .. <A?fleuse and cheers. >
Nominations for temporary chairman cf this
convention are r.ow in crc>r.
At the conclusion of £>r. Parde«'s re
marks Colonel Clf-crge Stcr.e arose and,
being' recognized by the chair, said:
Mr. Chairman nr.d pcrtlerrjen of ths conven
tion—It is distinctly an fcrr.or for any man
to be chosen as the pre^iiing officer of a Re
publican convention, althouen Republicans at
¦ !! times delight in honoring; with , authority
members cf ihe party. I leci sure, gentlemen,
that if you elect as your chairman of this con
vention the eemlemsn ¦»h^.rr>. I have th« pleas
ure of naming, you Ttil! not o?jly compliment
the recipient, but \ir»urselve«— a loyal Republi
can, a patriotic o!t!zen, a soldier, a native ton
of our beloved Ftate, cae fully equipped for
presiding over your deliberations. Huch a man
is Colonel E>1win A. Forbes of Vuba CcunCy.
t Applause sr.<* cheers.)
Gforge A. Knight of Sin Francisco sec
onded the nomination in th'.>=e words:
I arise to second the nomination of Colonel
Forbes. It is fitting: for a Republican assem
tlage like this to also pay a compliment to
the veteran* of the civil war, and Colnnel
8tcne,' who Jart sat down, in doing Colonel
Fori>"R the r.?w con-.y.Hm'-nt of piacSng him in
nomination, throuch the l-.:ph position that
*."oion*?l Stcne ha« had In th- r>oliiics of this
EtatP. has done wfil. sind it will look r.ell on
paper, it wetHi look wcU to go out to the citi
zens not on'.y of California but of the United
S-tiitffc of America that a. native son of Cali
fornia enrt a nan win follomed the flegr In our
Fpanlsa-Anieriran war successfully, patrlotl
<al!y and with that Zfal that etiaracterizes Re
f ubiicane always * hrn they are in a fight for
liberty, for freedoai and Jar humanity at large,
has been selected es our chairman. 1 second
the nomination of Colonel E. A. Ftorbes.
Judge HcKinley of Los Angeles said:
I take great pleasure, on behalf of the' Los
a*^ipg&tion and cf the south, in second
ing the ncmination of Colonel Forbes. (Ap-
pUuse.)
On motion cf Judge Dibble the nomina
tions were declared closed and Colonel
l-'orbes was chosen by acclamation.
Chairman Forbes' Address.
The chairman appointed Colonel Stone
cf San Francisco and Judge McKinley of
Los Ar.geles to escort Colonel Forbes to
the chair. The new chairman was wel
comed by a round of applause. In accept
ing his duties he spoke as follows:
Gentlemen— I am deeply grateful to you for
this honor which you have so unanimously be-
FtovPd upon me — not only In appreciation of
the confidence which you have shown In me.
bat al?o from the further fact that I am proud
sr.<3 thankful to be at this age and In this stage
at the history of our country associated with a
lot of representative Republicans <app!eu£e).
*r.& with representative* of that grand old Re
publican party— that party which ha« a* the
milenones elorg its pathway the monuments
of euch statesmen ar.d petrlots a» Abraham
Llr.cc'.n (applause). Jam»« A. Garfleld (ap
rlause). Juri» G. Blaine (applause*. V. B.
Grant (applause) and many others; that part}"
»hich has never heard the wall of any Coxey
armies, but which has always had, and which
el way* will have, the hum and whirr of fac
tories and the gleeful shouts of prosperity from
the farms and the meadows blending in unison
with the wisdom end oratory of its leaders.
(Applaud and cheers.) And when we lock
along the pathway, gentlemen, and we see that
this party ever sine* its birth has stood an
daur.trd, as upon a foundation of gYanlte, for
fcurr.an rights end. human liberty; when we lock
along that pathway and upon the next mile
stone to be erected in honor of jrreat men. we
have a rirht to .feel proud and to feel grateful
that we are remitted to deliberate In a Re
publican assembly.
The next milestone that will be erected will
be aa tall, as lofty, es graai. as massive and
fas illustrious as any cf jts predecessors. It will
mark a period in the history not only of th«
Republican party, but of the United States,
and will contain the name of that grand patriot
find rtateiman, the r>e(*r cf anj- who ha« pre
ceded him — "William McKinley (applause and
cheers)—*, mar. whose name I have known since
childhood, and then only as the champion of the
worklnRman, the champion of the dignity of
American labor; the man who went out as a
beardless youth, carrying his musket in defense
of that Bat: which he has followed and defended
and elevated until now. I might say for the
first tine in American history, in any land or
upon any Bea and In any port it means what it
ought to have meant years ago. (Applause and
cheers.)
And It is tafe to say. rentlemen of this con
vention, that whenever William McKinley, pa
triot and etatesman. plants that flag: upon the
•oil to flrlve away oppression and ' tyranny—
upon soil consecrated by the blood of hie Amer
ican eoldlers— he will never pull it down. (Ap
plause and cheers.)
Passrtpr to our more immediate and closer in
tereetn. I do not feel like boring you with any
lengthy speech, a* we have much to do. But I
f?cl that I car.not conclude without paying a
tribute also to the chipf executive of our great
CummonwcaHh. the Eute of California, Henry
T. Oagf-, a men fearless in the exercise of his
duty, without fear or favor doing that which hi
thir.ks !* right: unique in his ttrong individual
ity; keeping hii promsc* as to economy and his
pledge* made before election. We certainly, ae
a party. ehouM be proud of him and make rec
ognition of the fact, as I hope you will in this
convention. (Applause)
Convention Hames Its OQcers.
Grove L. Johnson, epeaklfcg for the ex
ecutive committee, announced that the
following officers of the convention had
been selected and moved that they be
elected, the motion prevailing:
Secretary of the con'.-pntlon— Hoi. Frank D
Ryan. • ? ; .
Chief Clerk— TV. B. Thorpe. .
Aeslstant Chief Clerk-J. R. Tyrrell of Grass
Valley.
Assistant Clerks— Tim Measure, H. H. Goff.
<3. T. Jones Jr.
Sergtant-at-arme— T.' J.Finn.
Assistant sergeant-at-arms— Jchn. U. Haver
tan. Ben Leonard. Carl M. Koenlg, Alex Clem.
Frank M. Woodson.
Pages— Truman D. Thorpe. Frank H. Ryan.
Elroo Sullivan, Pe .Witt Lcitch. Archie Watson.
John Burghart. Charles Zampbrey.
J. Arva Watt moved that a committee
cf twenty-one, three from each Congres
sional district, be' appointed on creden
tials. The motion was adopted, and the
chair named J. Alva.Watt of. San Fran
cisco (chairman), E. B. Martlnelli of Ma.
¦ ;•¦¦ VV" •'. ¦•'•"-/
tendance tested the capacity of the room.
Immeditely on convening Judge Kdward
E. Gaddls was placed in nomination for
temporary chairman by Arthur North of
Yolo. The Judge was elected without op
position. Deputy District Attorney W. H.
L. Hynes of Oakland was elected tempo
rary secretary. - The temporary officers
were immediately made permanent by ac
clamation.
George W. Reed of Oakland was placed
In nomination by Dr. Pardee as delegate
to the national convention, and Senator
J. J. Luchsinser named banker R. D. Rob
bins of Sulsun for a like position. Both
candiates were elected by acclamation.
Abe P. Leach of Alameda waa named as
alternate by Senator Taylor of that
county, and E. Hocheimer of Colusa nom
inated A. A. Thayer of his county for al
ternate delegate. Their election was als.o
made by acclamation.
A resolution introduced by Senator
Luchsinger. which had for its object the
instructing of delegates to vote for John
D. Long. Secretary of the Navy, for Vice
President brought on a sharp worded
war.
Mr. Hochelmer opposed the resolution,
while Senator Leavltt aided his brother
Senator 10 carry It through. It would
have been defeated but for a change in
the wording of the resolution. Instead of
"Instructing" the delegates they will be
"requested" to vote for Mr. Long.
After indorsing Dr. George Pardee for
delegate-at-large the convention ad
journed.
FOURTH DISTRICT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. May 15.— A. Ruef of San Fran
cisco kicked over the traces and created
ft mild sensation among the delegates of
the • Fourtn Congressional Convention
during its session this afternoon. The
clever young attorney refused to be tied
down by Bosses Kelly and Crimmins,
v.-ho occupied seats in the rear of the
meeting and coached their satellites how
to vote.
Joseph S. Spear opened the meeting of
the Fourth District, and after Secretary
Prendegast had finished calling the roll
of members he called for nominations for
temporary chairman. Delegate D. D.
Sullivan named Colonel T. V. Eddy for
the office, and that . gentleman was se
lected by acclamation. P. H. Prende
gast was made temporary -secretary. On
motion of Attorney Ruef .the temporary
officers were made permanent.
Nominations for delegates to the na
tional convention being in order, Charles
Sonntag nominated Moses A. Gunst.* He
said that his candidate waa well known
as a representative business man, had
done good work for the party, and should.
therefore* be rewarded. At the conclu
sion of Mr. Sonntag's eulogy Surveyor of
the Port spear clapped his hands bois
terously. Mr. Ruef followed by placing
Mr. Spear in nomination. He alluded to
the latter as the original McKinley man.
Nominations being closed, both candi
dates were elected delegates by accla
mation. Hanry Sonntag and A. Ruef
were elected alternates without a dis
senting vote.
Chairman Eddy stated that he under
stood that a precedent had been estab
lished by thA, Fifth Congressional District
to nominate or express a choice as to
who shall be delegates at large at the
national convention to be held next
month at Philadelphia. There was a long
pause and Ruef took the Initiative. He
arose and moved that the Fourth Dis
trict indorse John D. Spreckels. Charles
Rode seconded the nomination. E. J.
Smith moved that George Pardee. N. D.
RIdeout, U. S. Grant and George A.
Knight be indorsed as delegates at large.
Delegate Ruef secured the floor and In
ringing tones said:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of this con
vention: I have not one word to say against
any of the four gentlemen whoee names have
been proposed here, but I have an abiding con
viction that in the interests of Republican suc
cess in San Francisco and for the benefit of
our party, we should nominate the gentleman
whose name 1 proposed. I hear It stated that
he was not a candidate. If that Is so. of
course my motion would be withdrawn, but if
he is, I think he Is entitled to an Indorsement
at the hands of this convention. We need the
support of prominent Republicans In San Fran
cisco, and we ought not to allow an entering
wedge to be made now to weaken our party
In the next campaign. I think we ought to
have the indorsement of Mr. Spreckels by
unanimous vote.
Mr. Ruef's eloquence had little effect on
the members of his delegation, who
showed clearly that they were dominated
by the wills of Kelly and Crimmlns. The
motion made by Smith to Indorse the four
gentlemen first named was adopted. An
adjournment was taken~ to the call of
the chair.
FIFTH DISTRICT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. May 15.— Judge Dibble could not
restrain his anxiety to be seen and heard
at the session of the Fifth Congressional
convention. Before Max Goldberg, the
chairman of the body, could make himself
heard above the noise of shuffling feet and
animated conversation Judge Dibble was
on his feet with a proposition to elect
O. A. Hale of San Jose chairman. Gold
berg was taken back at this - usurpation
of his power and he chided the Judge for
his impetuosity. . After William James of
San Jose had called the roll Dibble again
sought the floor with better -results. He
placed Mr. Hole in nomination and. as
expected, that gentleman was elected by
acclamation. . o .
In taking the office Mr. Hale thanked
the members for the honor conferred upon
him. He took 'occasion to congratulate
the late convention on the fact that the
men, named as delegates to the na
tional convention would have a vofce in
naming the next President and Vlc*Presl
dent of the United States. . /
Mr. James showed a willingness to re
linquish his arduous duties as temporary
secretary, by nominating I. J. As c helm of
San Francisco for that offlci/ The latter
was elected by acclamation.'
The next order of business being the
election of two delegates* and two alter
nates to the National Convention Frank
Haynes nominated H..G. Bond of Santa
Clara and W. Woods nominated W. C.
Van Fleet of San Francisco as delegates,
and their selection. was made by acclama
tion. James Alva-Watt nominated George
M. Bowman of Pan Jose and George Stone
nominated E. D/ Pelxotto of San Francis
co as alternates and both were elected by
acclamation./
The?next order of business was the en
dorsement ,of four delegates ' at large to
the convention. Again Watt took the floor
and in» matter-of-fact, programme way
nomlnated Dr. .Pardee; George A. Knight
,U:' S. Grant Jr. and N. •: D. RIdeout. The
motion was placed before. the convention
H. W. Brown of San Mateo gained the at
tention | of the convention long enough to
say.that he would not bind himself to the
action of .that body, and, therefore, would
withdraw \ from .the convention. A vote
was : then ' taken and the four named re
ceived an ipdorsement. <
SIXTH DISTRICT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. May 15.— The Sixth* Congres
sional District Convention met in the pa
vilion late In the afternoon. The conven
tion organized by the election of Warren
Porter of Santa Cruz chairman and Lu
ther G. Brown of Los Angeles secretary.
It was noted that Mr. Porter presided
with rare grace and great dignity. Wal
ter Parker of Los Angeles moved that tha
convention proceed at once to the nomi
nation of district delegates. The motion
prevailed. William M. Garland of Los
Angeles and A. J. Bell of Ventura were
chosen delegates to the national conven
tion by acclamation. Dr. E. Henderson
of Pomona and Warren M. John of San
Luis Obispo were elected as alternates.
Judge Dibble averted an adjournment
by reminding Mr. Watt that he had a
resolution in his jeans which was apropos
of the time. He relieved Mr. Watt of the
document and introduced it. Judge Dib
ble read the resolution and commented
upon it, but whatever he said was lost on
the delegates because of the inopportune
entrance of a brass band. The document
was passed in a jiffy, and Attorney
George C- Ross, who was patiently wait
ing to be heard on the subject, had to
make his speech after it war, adopted.
*The resolution was to the following ef
fect:
Whereas. The Republican District Convention
before the Fifth Congressional District for th<»
year 1S98 adopted a resolution authorizing, em
powering and directing James Alva- Watt,
chairman of said convention, to appoint a Con
gressional district committee for the «aid Fifth
Congressional District, to be composed of one
member frcm each of the Assembly districts
within said Fifth Congressional District; and
Whereas. Pursuant to the power and authority
in him vested by said resolution, the said
chairman appointed the following named per
rons to be ar.t! constitute the said Republican
Fifth Congressional District Committee, to wit.:
Thirty-fourth Assembly District. E. I. Robin
son; Thirty-fifth Assembly District. \V. H.
Cobb: Thirty-sixth Assembly District, frank
French;, Thirty-seventh Assembly District. O.
H. Falrchlld; Thirty-eighth Assembly District.
Max Ooldbers: Fortieth Assembly District.
Jesse E. Marx: Forty-flrgt Assembly District.
F. R. Danforth: Fifty-second Assembly Dis
trict. Alvinza Hayward; Fifty-fourth Assembly
District, R. Donovan: Fifty-fifth Assembly Dis
trict, Louis O'Neill; Fifty-sixth Assembly Dis
trict. J. D. Mackenzie; and
Whereaa. The said committee so appointed
met and organized by the election of the said
Max Goldbers as chairman and the said LouU
O'Neill as secretary; and
j Whereas, The said Republican Fifth Congres
sional District has *o constituted, appointed
and organized thte. the Republican Fifth Con
gressional Committee; now, therefore,
Kf solved. That the said Republican Fifth Con
presslonal District Ommlttee as so constituted,
appointed ana organized as aforesaid be anrl U
hereby continued In office aa the Republican
Fifth Congressional District Committee, until
such time as their successors In office shall be
duly selected or appointed. V,
Resolved. That the chairman and secretary
of this' convention be directed to file certified
copies of these resolutions with the Secretary
of State of the State of California, with the
Registrar of Voters of the city and county of
San Francisco and of the counties of San Mateo
and Santa Clara and with the secretary of tha
Republican State Central Committee.
Mr. Ross secured attention and unbos
omed himself of the following fiery
speech:
We. In San Mateo County, do not think w»
have been treated fairly In this matter, because
Mr. "Watt appointed as the comtnitteeman from
San Mateo Alvinza Hayward, a very good man
— a n«*n who has been a prominent Republican
an* who has done good service for th« party —
but it in known that he baa not attends! a> sin
gle meeting held by this Congressional commit
tee; that he has given a proxy, to Mr. Watt, re
sJdlnr in San Francisco. We. therefore, say
that so far as San Mateo County Is esVncenied
we have not had a representative upot.'^_th»
committee and we do not think It is fair to i».
that San Francisco should control out local
politics In. San Mateo County, but, on the con
trary, we should have somebody upon that
committee who will attend the meetings, who
will represent our party and who will be n. tru«
representative of tha people there. It Is known
that Alvinza Hayward is a gentleman of large
business affairs, a gentleman who has matters
upon his hands which are engaging him all the
time, yet we all know that he cannot and will
not stay In San Francisco over night for the
purpose of attending the meeting of this Con
gressional committee. Then why should Mr.
Hayward, a man whom we know will not at
tend, be appointed as a ccrnmitteeman from our
county ?
We think we should have a representative
there— who that representative Is, I do not
know— but we do think from our county. We
should have some on© there who would prop
erly represent us. When this matter came up
some time aea I had an interview with Mr.
"Watt and told him the feeling cf our people:
that we did not think we had any one to repre
sent us. Not that Mr. Hayward was not as
good a man as mtcht be found, or that Mr.
Hayward was not a representative Republican,
but because be was a man who would not be
able to attend to the business and therefore we
had no voice \r. the committee. It seems to ma
that, under these circumstances, cur wishes in
the matter ought to be consulted and that
somebody should be appointed who will truly
represent us. .;?•"¦
Mr. Ross' passionate appeal for other
representation felJ on empty ears. An ad
journment was taken.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Little Time Lost in the Choosing of the Men
Who Will Represent California Republi
canism at the Philadelphia Gathering.
Few Contests Mark the Proceedings of the
Gongressipnal District Councils in the
Selection of Their Delegates.
STATE CONVENTION COMPLETES ITS WORK IN A DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, W EDNESDAY, MA Y 16, 1900.
2At the hour of adjournment, 11:10 p. m.,
there were but few delegates In the pavil
ion.' -Three- cheers '. -for- McKinley * were
jrlven when the convention adjourned;
" The roll v/as called immediately, on the
conclusion of the speeches. This result
was announced: .George C."' Pardee 579
votes, U. S. Grant 542, George A: Knight
537, N. D." Rldeout 481, John D, Spreckela
209. -The chair declared the election of
Pardee, Grant, Knight and Rideout.
¦ Four alternate delegates at large as fol
lows were chosen by acclamation: H. (j.
"W. Dlnkelspiel - and Alfred Bouvier, ; San
Francisco;' E." S. Babcoek, San Diego, and
(Warren Porter, Santa Cruz.
Men speak of the proposition of supporting
this administration. I ask you, as Republi
cans, what is going to l>p the action uf the
National Convention with reference to the Porto
Rio bill that has* lately passed -Congress?
(Applause.) You all know the tight that was
made on it In Congress; you know that our
great, broad President, a man who does not put
an obstinate will against the intelligence of a
Congress; a man - who is ever able and ever
willing to listen to the voice of his party, as
proclaimed In conventions and In the wisdom
of his Congre5!>, Senate and House of Repre
sentatives tospthcr — you know when the
Republican intelligence of this Congress
went to him and called attention to what
should " be done on that bill ¦ how he
took his stand with them, and how the bill was
passed, and hqw.it will probably be the great
yes, the great— resistance post in this whole
campaign. Yet there is not one single daily
morning paper in the city and county of San
Francisco that is to-day standing for the Porto
Rico bill as It passed Congress except The Call.
(Applause and cheers.) ,
Those are the facts. Xow let us be fair. Let
us throw no Innuendoes. Let us give every man
a square deal and let that sentiment prevail,
the sentiment of fairness to all concerned;
and. with no other motive on- earth. I second
the nomination of John D. Spreckels. (Applause
and cheers.)
I would second the nomination of almost every
other man presented to this convention, as far
as ability, as far as Integrity, as far as loyalty
to the Republican party Is concerned. But you
do not act fairly; you do not treat the Intelli
gence of this convention fairly. If, when second
ing or placing In nomination any one of these
candidates you elmply make It a text from
which In a secret way to hit or slap at some
other candidates that you do not name in your
speech.
say one single word against any candidate pro
posed. I have nothing but words of the highest
praise for the name on which the south Is
united. Of all names' in this convention. I
would second the name of the I rlslnj; hope of
the Republican manhood of this State, as rep
resented by the honorable George C. l'ardee of
Alameda. (Applause.)
Mr. Chairman ond gentlpmen of the Republi
can State Convention: - I desire to say a word
to Republicans for the Republican party I am
not here to .make a special plea, or appeal I
am not here to proclaim my friendship for any
man, but I do desire to say that, even after the
eloquent j speech that has Just been - spoken of
as having left nothing to say, , It -has occurred
to me that that speech makes It necessary that
something should. be said. I am out here to
Senator John F. Davis of "Amador made
a vigorous speech which commanded" the
profound attention of the convention. The
Senator, seconding the nomination of Mr.
Spreckels, raid: : ,, -.--.. ¦¦
Davis Quotes Some Facts,
H. C.' .Dibble of San Francisco second
ed the nomination of Mr. 'Rldeout. on be
half of the Fifth I Congressional District.
He . remarked that after Johnson's elo
quent speech there was nothing to say.
We of the northern part of Californla.ask you
to supplement thess good nominations that you
have made; we apk you to recognize us by se
lecting N. I>. Rldeout of Marysvllle to repre
sent us.. 1 (Applause and cheers.) ?;¦;
They liave rrcken of our duty to Indorse the
President, a pleasing duty; pf our duty to re
nominate Jhe man who now fills the chair, a
pleaMnR duty; but there is another duty.: Ev
ery Republican in thie State should be in favor
of expansion "and vote: for It. (Applause an>l
cheers.) And the man whose name I will pre
sent to you believes in expansion,, believes in
spreading the blessings of republican govern
ment all over the world if need be. •
The man that I am about to name came to
California a poor man, and by honesty. Integ
rity, devotion, to the principles of the Repub
lican party, devotion to the principles of hon
esty and felr dealing, he has accumulated a
competency, and that Is always at the disposal
of the Republican party (applause and cheers).
He represents the nr.anclal • Interest ot this
State. He knows and has his linger In touch
with all the financial interests of this coast,
and -he will worthily represent us in the na
tional convention. He also is a believer In
that which no speaker yet. in my opinion, has
spoken of.
ty, be he ever so able, be he ever so eloquent,
be he ever so wealthy, be he engaged In what
ever buElness he may claim to have as his own
no man has any right to dictate to the Repub
lican convention who shall go to the Republican
National Convention. (Applause and cheers.)
We are met here, 5S3 American citizens, free
Republicans, owlnfr allegiance to no man, to
no corporation, to no principle, except the
principle that we will legislate wisely for the
Republican party as to each Individual man
seems best. Every man In the Republican
party has the rlcht to his. own opinions and to
express them, and. If It creates antagonism,
he must ¦ expect that and must not harbor
them up against any man or any set of men.
corvriEs. i " r- » s £
• • — 2,
. * • - • • !
*| amed » | -JO 34 i 34, U4j »«
A1 *» In « i i it o' i
Aniii.lur c « Gj o! C
"°, tte S 8 « 8] O
Calaveras C CO o l
Colnsa 3 3! 3 a i o
Contra Costa 7j rj 7] o< T
Del .\orte... 2' "j 2' S O
El Dorado j 3! 5 5' £< »
Tresno ! nj n n o ; lx
«ilcnn j 3 3! 3' 3 ' o
Hcmboldt 13| 13] 13] 13' O
l?T° j »; » 3j O 3
K «* ra 8 8 8 4 4
Kln£ 5 ff B 4 1
L«ke 3 3 3 o 3
Lasaen 3 3' 3 3 | o
Lo» Angeles CO 5O' ZQ 5t$i O
* Iad "a 3 3 3| 0 3
Maria O «! C C o
Marlpoica 2! 2* 2 2 ! O
Mendoclno & 8j b «! S
Merced 4! 4 4. » «
3Iodoc ;j •»( n «» 0
Mono »\ lj 2 1 2
Monterey 8 O 8 8 8
**¦•! "\ "\ «i A *
rvevada 10, 10 10 4 O
Grange 81 6 8 8 O
**l»c" 8J 8 8! &j o
J'lnmaa
Riverside 8 81 8**8** O
Sacramento j»l 22' 2i! 22 l
San Benlto 1 4' o! 4! ""4; 4
San lirrnsrdino. . ' 1O IO 1 JO, nil o
San Dleco ! 14' o! 14' 14! 14
San Franeliico... 112'112'lioj Oil 10
San Joaqnln ! 15' \r,\ o 15 15
San Luis Obispo.. 7 7! o' 7! 7
San MbUo 5; 4 B 5* 1
Santa narbara. ... 8 8 Oj >•' 8
Santa Clara 2G' 2tt| 20 ! 20' O
Santa Crac Sj 8! s o 8
Sbsita I G G G' <i o
• Sierra 4 4 4 4! o
Slsklron 7 7 7 7 o
Solano 11 11 5 o 11
Sonoma J»; s j<; j<j g
Mnnlslnun lj 5 S< 4'- 5
Sntter 4; 4 4 4 ! O
Trim ma i T. 5 X. 51 O
Trinttr 2j 2| 2! 2; O
Tularc Si S\ 87 1
Taolamne S 5 C .". o
Ventura Oj O G Gj O
Yolo « « 7 G 3
Voba SJ .V 5! Cj O
Total* 57O 537 t 542Usi!20t>
CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
Republicans Wha Will Ass'st in
the iirecibn of the
Coming Campaign;
SACRAilllNTO. Hay li.— The members
of the nev.- State Central Committee are:
A!a:nc<la Ccunty— T. V.". Harris, Pieaaanton;
Barb OimonJ. Ijunond; E. Faneli. CikUmi; F.
li. Wiliianjj!, Oci;.»nd; 'i. X. Dargii*. Oakland;
E. Nrt-baurcer. i. .tfc.aad.
Alpine— friii:* i»n.;tii. MarV leville.
>rn«<Vr Jamci e. jjj-o, Jacluson.
l>utt%-J. \ t Mm'ee, Cfcio.
Calm-eras— C. w. Getehell. San Andreas.
Oo!uta-J. 3.. .MUr:n. Colusa.
.< or.na. Cctta— li. v. AJvarado. Martinez.
J£f- N'ori^-*'_ w. neacom. Crescent City.
HI Dmtfo— C A. SwlsUer. Placerrille.
I^rctno— Gfore>- W. Jene«. Vresao.
.',l«ir:-A. Hcchhtimer. Willows.
BecowJ Ijintriti. J. C. Bull Jr..
I-ureka; 'JUrd Jji.t::<t, Adam rutnam. Fern
dale.
Ipyo— F. n. Dcnsmore. Ir.depen<lence.
Kptii— A. C. Mimic, 13akrr>-!Seld.
Kings— J. K. Uoyt. Grandvllle.
Lake- J. !.. head. MUirtletown.
Lassen— .• rtd Hines, SUKanvlUe
l>os Anjil™ fs'oventlcti District)— M. J. Ar
r.niftcn.
ijO^l'B 01 ?^ 'ccvcr.ty-firrt District) — T. C
l^^TiL^^^ 1 e o
I^r A l^A^»£ nty - fiflh
Modera— John C. Robert.* Madera.
Attrln— WliHam Earr. Fan' Rafael
l^rlposa-U. S. EtocWtcn. llorr.iio*.
MASERU, May 15.— A portion of Bra
bant's Horse occupied Ladybrand to-day,
and another portion Is pushing on to Clo
can.
LISBON, May 13.— It Is rumored here to
day that President Kruger has ordered
the Portuguese Consul to leave tho Trans
vaal Republic. #
OCCUPIED LADYBBAOT).
CONSTTL <vn.TVPrn.Tm AWAY.
LONDON. May 13.— Lady Sarah Wilson
has wired to her s!3ter. Lady Georgian*
Curzon, from Mafeklne. under date of
May 3. saylnsr: "Our breakfast consisted
of horse sausages and lunch of minced
mule and curried locusts. All well."
DELICACIES AT MAFEKEHO.
CALL IIEADQIAnTERS, SACRA
MEMO, May 13, — The foltou-lng Is
the vote by counties for delecates
at larjce:
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Bow the Ballots Were Cast in
tbe Contest for Delegates
at large.
VOTE BY COUNTIES.
I met a delegats this ; afternoon
who pretended to state to me, or ho
did Etatc, as one of his reasons, that
the policy of the paper conducted by
Mr. Sprcckel3 was not in accord with
the Republican principles. Why?
G«u!*men, candidly, hr,r.»*tly. what are the
*talT.-art Republicans of this State froin'g to
Mr to-morrow morning. \t John I}. Spreckels
Is beaten in this ccr.ventlcn? What are- thev
tro!r^ f ray! You know, »^ wen as 1 know
it I tell >'"«. that the stalwart Republicans
of this Stnt* .nr" going to 'quit beln? pro
grammed and bulIvmsTrcd nnd b-Jllilozid nny
longer farP'ause and rh?ers). They are >.'et
tinK enough of it. Th» antarftnlsm to Mr
Sprecfcel."— it exists in th!* convention, we all
knr.w that— comes frem what?
There is no man within the sound of my voice
who does not owe more to the Republican
j>arty thar. he- n-ill «-ver be able to ray; no one
tvho lives beneath the folds of our ilag but has
received more through the beneficence of laws
raised by Republicans tiian he will ever be able
to dciial/*. either in coin or throuzh pernonal
Bf-rvlo*. in the furtherance -f political destinies
of th» party. So I say. then, put them all upon
an equality so far as their merits are con
ceriu-o 1 .
There ore, however. I submit to you, gentle
men, matters cf supreme importance in connec
tion with the selection of these delegates. It
cinrot »»e Uenlefl. It Is as plain to you ns It Is
UUae: FOU know it Just as well as I know it.
i ;ir. here fcr the express purpose of seconding
the tominatlon of John D. Erreckel?. (Ap
!>lnut\.) And I will tell you why. Xo one who
will lij named here to-night has contributed
mere totht Republican party In this State, than
ha>= hi: %i;t. for that matter, there are none of
th»m wh*. heve any claims at all, so far as
sc-rvire In^half of the Republican party is
concornwl. . . .
Mr. Cha'rman and - gentlemen of the con
vention: The fact that the delegates from this
convention to Philadelphia ko instructed for
the national administration makes it a measure
of minor Importance who the individuals thall
b* whom we select. Much has been said with
reference to the various claims of the gentle
men whose names have been submitted. I
have nothing to say against any one of them.
They are nil representative Republicans of this
State, and the mere Jact that their names are
presented to this convention is to me a suffi
cient proof that they are worthy, even did I
know nct!i!nn about their history In connec
tion with political matters or the past few
years. . •
C. F. Lacey of Monterey made a ring-
Ing and fearless speech in advocating the
nomination of Mr." Spreckels. Mr. Lacey
said:
Lacey's Fearless Words.
I am goinj; to be as candid as I can as an
attorney (laughter)— not an attorney for John
I>. Sprrckeis — and ray to you, gentlemen, we
are gt:ing7 to meet the Democratic party; we
are going to meet the Populist party that comes
from a tent some place In South Dakota; we
are coins to meet another mixed up Populist
party that comes from some place in Cincin
nati. We are gclng to meet some socialistic
party from Clod only knows where, and we are
going to meet about every party that any solid,
stalwart party can meet— and we are Jhe solid
stalwart p.er>ub!lcan party.
Now. th»n. we have got no walkover. Don't
you fool yourselves that all we have got to eay
is "Hill McKlnley" and we carry the thing
through. (A voice: "We will, all the name'.")
You will want some good notices throughout the
Ftate; you will want some grand editorials.
This is M threat, becsuse I am not authorized.
on3 I tsuM not if I were; but If The Call does
not give you the best that brains can give to
you ¦ you roar nnd kick. If they find fault with
yo«i take your medicine the way I took It to
day, (laughter.) I am telling you: don't make
a mirtake. gentlemen. Now. I say to you this,
candidly and honestly: lay aside all prejudice
ana feellnc As the gentleman who preceded
me Eaid. let us come together. I am not here
bc-tglr.s or pleadinsr, but be candid with ycur
fclves and do that which Is for the best inter
ests of the party; and you cannot make any
rr.'ttaJce when you send John D. Soreckels to
Philadelphia. (Applause and cheers.) I thank
you.
I am not here to tfll you that John D. Spreck
els is the perscnificatlon cf all that Is greet,
good and holy. I try to tell the truth and keep
my word. I am an attorney. (Lauehter and
applause.)
I reco-mize that In law a man is responsible
for the acts of his agents'done within the scope
of their authority. 1 know that the people, net
only In California, but of the United States,
recognize as a commercial and business man
John D. Sorccke'.s. (Applause.)
Now, I am talking to the entire Republican
party of California, because your representa
tives are here from every county in this State.
There is no man under God's t-un who has no
friends. There is no man under God's herfvens
who has r.ot his enemies. Show me a man
who has no en»m!es, and I will show you a
man who has not bone and sinew, with a
mind to think and a tongue to talk, but a
men who hes been brought up on milk and
water. John E>. Spreckels is a man of bone
and sinew. (Applause and cheers.) He is not
afraid to say v»hat he think?. (Applause.)
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of this con
vention: 1 will not attempt to reach any fur
ther than the worthy and eloquent gentlemen
who have preceded me, and I am. willing to
admit, for the second time to-day, that I am
knocked out (laughter) in this, that I cannot
pluck the tall feathers from the American
eagle in words of eloquence, neither have I
eloquent musole or any other kSnd of muscle
sufnclent to brighten the glery of the stars
and stripes of that Old Glory that they all
talk atout (laughter),- W« have heard all
about America and new America. We have
heard plaudits of the great Republican party.
Now, Just for a very few moments, let us
get down to plain, every-day, ordinary, good
sense. (Applause and laughter).
A. L. Levinsky of San Joaquin seconded
the nomination of John D. Spreckels. He
Bald;
Levinsky Utters a Warning.
I Eay this because I feel, and feel deep
ly, that Mr. Spreckels has been made the
victim, of an unjust, of a covert, of a
hidden "assault; and all 1 want — and what
I think every man gets in a Republican
convention — Is fair play, common honesty.
And if a lifelong record of Integrity, if a
lifelong record of honesty, if a lifelong
record of devotion to the Republican par
ty and devotion to the great Industrial
industries of the State fits John D. Spreck
els—If It fits any man — to go to that con
vention,'then the destinies of California
will be safe in his hands and I second his
nomination. (Applause.)
I teil you, fellow Republicans, fair play
Is a jewel. Right is always might and
right is always triumphant. Men with ac
tive brains inay scheme and twist; men
may think that they have got an "air
tight" can which cannot be punctured,
but the great pressure of natural laws
punctures them all the time; and machine
politicians and machine politics have too
often been repudiated at the polls, that
you should not learn to listen.
affairs. I agree that It needs men with
trained minus. I agree that it requires
thought; that it requires service; that li
requires ability of an eminent degree. And
looK. at the record of John D. Spreckels
and tell me wherein he is lacking. What
is this question that has arisen upon the
floor of this convention about his hostil
ity to William McKinley? 1 assert— and
the witnesses are on the floor of. the con
vention within sound of my voice— that he
Is the personal friend of William McKln
ley and that William McKinley will be
glad to see him come back and extend the
welcome hand to him. (Applause.)
Continued from Second Page,
LITTLE TIME LOST
IN THE CONVENTION
Speaking of his campaign for Congress
In 1SSS he attributes his defeat to Mr.
Daly, saying:
Treacherous work was done everywhere In
the several counties where Daly had men em
ployed and the result was my defeat by sev
eral thousand majority, and from this stag
gering blow of treachery the party did not
recover for many years. There was no provo
cation for this. There had been no business
difficulties and never an unkind work had been
spoken between us. It was simply an en
vious and diabolical desire on his part to for
ever destroy my political influence In the ter
ritory-
He then reiterated that he went Into the
contest of 1S98 merely for the purpose of
breaking down Daly rule in Montana and
not for the purpose of promoting his own
political interests. He said that this un-
Daly's Alleged Treachery.
I contend that an investigation Involving a
seat In the highest legislative body of this
nation, as well as the honor of an individual
chosen for that position by the people of one
of the sovereign States thereof, should be con
ducted in a strictly Judicial manner, and that
In the proceedings the established rules of evi
dence should be applied. It Is well known to
everybody that this was not the case. It is
true that there was a strong effort made by
the honorable Senators from Alabama, Mary
land, Kansas and North Carolina at the be
ginning of the investigation to exclude all the
irrelevant testimony, but their efforts were un
availing.
It is not my desire to cast any aspersions
upon the motives which actuated the distin
guished Senators composing the committee, an<l
yet. with the most respectful consideration
for the learning, legal ability and eminent
standing of thes; gentlemen. I am forced to
the contention, which I believe meets with
the concurrence not only Qf a large number
of Senators on both i sides ' of this chamber,
but also of 80 per cent of my constituency In
the State of Montana, regardless of political
affiliations, that the methods of procedure in
the Investigation in this matter were man
ifestly unfair and non-Judlclal. and that they
resulted In a verdict of the committee entirely
opposite to that which would have occurred
should the evidence have been confined to that
which was admissible and pertinent to the
issue.
It had not been my Intention to disturb the
recognized traditions of this most honorable
body by Intruding my opinions upon any ques
tions that might arise for consideration dur
ing: the present seS3lon. but the question called
up to-day for discussion so vitally concerns
my own Interests and the Interests of the grt at
State which I have the honor in part to rep
resent, that I shall osk the Indulgence of the
Senate while I as briefly as possible submit
B)me remarks, referring, first, to the character
of the investigation; second, to the majority
report of the honorable Committee on Priv
ileges and Elections, which has submitted find-
Ings adverse to the retention of my seat In
the Senate: third, to the conditions existing
In the State of Montana for a number of years
prior to my election which Justified my po
litical actions, and, lastly, a statement as to
the course I deem best to pursue In the
premises.
During his address Clark said:
Arraigns the Committee.
Little other business of importance was
transacted. The resolution relating to
Mr. Clark went over until to-morrow,
and .the Senate proceeded to the trans
action of routine business.
At first his -words scarcely could be
heard, but as he proceeded his voice be
came clear and while at no time did he
speak loudly the "Intense earnestness of
his utterance carried his address to the
remotest parts of the chamber.
Ills address was a sharp arraignment
of the committee's action and report, an
analysis of the evidence produced at the
investigation, an explanation of political
and business affairs In Montana and a
bitter excoriation of Marcus Daly and his
friends.
As Mr. Clark adverted to his desire
to hand down to his children a name un
tarnished even by the breath of disgrace
tears welled to his eyes and his voice
trembled with- emotion. He almost brone
down. Then, bracing himself, he read the
letter he had sent to the Governor of
Montana tendering his resignation. At
the conclusion of the speech Mr. Clark
became the center of a group of Sena
tors, all desirous of pressing his hand.
At 12:30. Just as the routine business
was concluded, Clark quietly arose and
addressed the chair. He desired, he said.
In a low, tense voice, to address the Sen
ate on a question of privilege, personal
to himself. Instantly there was a buzz
of excitement in the chambers. Senators
from both sides of tho main aisle hurried
to seats near Mr. Clark and a hush fell
upon the assemblage as the Montana Sen
ator began to speak.
Mr. Clark struck Just at the instant the
Iron was hottest. Chandler, chairman of
the Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions, had given notice that at 1 o'clock
he would call up for consideration the
resolution unanimously reported from the
committee declaring Clark not to be en
titled to his seat In the Senate. A spirited
contest over the resolution was expected.
Every Senator in the city was at his desk.
The announcement came without pre
vious notice and probably not a half dozen
persons In Washington knew that it was
to be made.
WASHINGTON, May 13.— Mr. Clark of
Montana fairly swept the Senate with
surprise to-day by a formal announce
ment that he had sent his resignation as
Senator to the Governor of Montana.
dertaking was made with "the distinctly
expressed understanding that my name
snould not be used In connection with th©
race, and I defy any one to
show that I was such a candidate until
after the election and not until In Decem
ber, 1S38."
Continuing Clark declared there was no
evidence to support the allegation that
money had been used to secure his elec
tion.
Spriggs Appoints Clark.
HELENA. Mont.. May 13.-Actln«T GOT
e nor r , Spriggs to-night appointed William
A. Clark of Butte United States Senator.
to serve until the next Legislature shall
elect his successor. Senator Clark's resig
nation was filed early in the day with the
Governor and to-night he was appointed
by Governor Spriggs to succeed himself.
Mr. Clark s reasons for resigning are
fully set forth in the speech he delivered
to-day In the Senate. Governor Spriggs
has all along- been a friend of Senator
Clark .during his candidacy for the Sen
ate and since, although he preserved the
utmost Impartiality In his office as Lieu
tenant Governor and president of the Sen
ate during the Senatorial campaign. Gov
ernor Smith, a partisan of the £)aly peo
ple, left the State two weeks ago for Cali
fornia to attend to some cases In which
he is retained as attorney. At that time
there was no thought of Senator Clarlc
resigning and hla enemies were confident
ne would be unseated by the United
States Senate. The resignation filed to
day came as a surprise to the people of
the State, who had no inkling of the coup
nrepared. During the day Governor
t-priggg received a great many telegrams
rrqm all over the State urging him to ap
point Senator Clark, alleging that he was
the real cholc? of a large majority of tho
R^,°sA ats and a \ a S SQ Proportion of the
Kf-puoIIcans as well.
K, G ?^i rl ]2 r ?» rl S£ s wa * besieged all day
and ln ho 9 V tl1e a to C^rk* dele * atlon3 *«**«»
"An Outrage/' Says Smith.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WADSWORTH. Nev.. May 13.-Robert
B. Smith. Governor of Montana. Is speed
ing to his executive chambers as fast as
steam can carry him. In an Interview he
said:
"You are the first party to Inform me
of the resignation of Senator Clark and
or his probable reappolntment by Lieu
tenant Governor Spriggs. I have just re
ceived a dispatch from Adjutant General
Nolan stating that Clark would probably
be appointed to-morrow (Wednesday), and
I. pray to God that I mav reach there In.
time to check this dastardly scheme which
has been concocted during my absence In
California. Clark is by no means the fa
vorite of the people of Montana, and it is
a blot upon the fair name of the State
to reappoint him after the report of the
Senate committee. . I am powerless to act
unless I arrive home before the appoint
ment is made. I knew that Spriggs was
a stanch friend of Claris, but did not
think he would dare oppose the will of
the people In this matter. It Is a well
laid and dastardly scheme, and I am
shocked to think that Lieutenant Gover
nor Sprigss entered into it. I never
dreamed of such a course being taken be
fore my departure for California and am
much grieved over it. but Spriggs will
have to answer to me and the people of
Montana for his action."
Clark Is Notified.
WASHINGTON. May 13.— Senator Clark
to-night received the following telegram
announcing his appointment:
"HELENA, Mont.. May 13.— Senator W.
A. Clark, Washington. D. C.r I have th»
honor to Inform you that I have this day
appointed you to fill the vacancy In Mon
tana's representation In the Senate of ths
United States. I send you certificate by
registered mail. I trust you will accept
the appointment.
"A. E. SPRIGGS. Acting Governor."
The Senator also received the following
telegram from his son: "Governor Sprlgga
to-day appointed you as Senator. Con
gratulations. C. W. CLARK."
Says the Trick Won't Work.
WASHINGTON, May 13.— Senators gen
erally declined to express opinions upon
the effect of the appointment of Mr. Clark
by the Lieutenant Governor of Montana.
Senator Chandler, chairman of the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections, would
only say: "I reckon the trick won't
work."
Acting Governor Spriggs Appoints the Montana
Statesman to the Post \\<z hjad Vacated.
"An Outrage," Says Smitl).
byofflclals, one of which was signed by
Snyman and said: . 'I was lucky enough
"The Boers, using artillery, attacked
the town Saturday. Very soon the Kaffir
location was In flames, some say as the
result of shell fire, others as the result of
treachery. Fighting at close quarters be
came general, and In the midst of the con
fusion the Boers gained possession of the
Kaffir location, from which point of van
tage they brought guns to bear on the
town at close range.
"By an adroit move the garrison, de
spite Its attenuated numbers, succeeded In
actually surrounding the party of Boers
who had captured the Kaffir location.' Se
vere fighting followed, but according to
the latest reports the Boers still hold the
location. In which they are probably sur
rounded.
"The truth Is, I believe, that the Pre
toria authorities, knowing of the progress
of the relief column, gave orders to Gen
eral Snyman to storm the place. As soon
as the location was in flames Boei" bul
letins of victory were flying about every
where to encourage weak-kneed burghers.
Boers who came down here yesterday
from Pretoria produced for the edification
of incredulous Britishers two telegrams
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Euller: -
"DUNDEE, May 15. 1 p. m.— We have
occupied Dundee. . About 2500 of the en
emy left yesterday for Glencoe, where
they entrained. Their wagons also left
yesterday by Dejagers Drift and the
Dannhauser road. Their Kaffirs said they
were going to Laings Nek. Almost every
house In Dundee Is completely looted. The
Navigation colliery is all right. The ma
chinery of the Dundee collieries is de
stroyed. The houses of the town are dam
aged but are structurally intact."
The War Office to-day furnished Hardy
confirmation of the Associated Press story
of yesterday telling of General Buller's
move on the BIggarsberg in a dispatch
from General Duller as follows:
'•KEMPS FARM, May 15.— The following
telegrams sent to Roberts are now re
peated to you. They begin under date
of May 13:
" 'In accordance with Instructions to
keep the enemy occupied at the Biggars
berg, on May 11 I concentrated the Third
Cavalry Brigade of the Second Division
and some corps of artillery at Sundays
River drift, on the-Helpmaakar road, and
directed Colonel Bethune to advance on
Grey town with the Bethune Mounted In
fantry the Umvoti Mounted Rifles and the
Imperial Light Infantry. On May 12 we
moved to Washbank and Bethune to Pom
eroy, while General Hildyard from Elands
Laagte occupied Indobl Mountain On
May 13 1 sent General Hamilton with
three battalions up the steep sloDe of
Withock Hill The Third Cavalry Brigade
crowned a hill on each side of the main
road and Bethune attacked by the Pom
eroy road from three sides. The enem>
hurriedly abandoned the position, which
they had strongly Intrenched, and retired
to the nek in front of Helpmaaker where
we hope to dislodge them to-morrow as
many of them have retired. We havt>
gained the summit of the 'Berg, with the
loss of only a few men wounded I ad
vance to-morrow on Belth and Hildyard
moves on Wessela Nek. Our small loss, I
think, was certainly due to the excellent
troop leading of General Hamilton and
Lord Dundonnld and Colonel Bethune '
May 14.— The enemy evacuated Help
maakar during the night, leaving a rear
guard of about a thousand men In front
of us Ihese we have forced back
throughout the day under considerable
difficulties, as they fired all the grass on
top of the Berg as they retreated, and the
wind being unfavorable to us we were
scarcely ablo to see at all. I halted the
infantry, who marched very well through
the hot smoke, at Belth. Th© cavalry have
not yet reported, but are some miles
ahead. \Ve have taken a few prisoners
Our casualties are small ' "-Zt
" '^^F 8 ARM ' M ay 15.-Dundonald
reported late last night that he had
driven the rear guard on the main body
of the enemy, near Burallnden, where
they occupied In force a strong position
witn three powerful guns. Major Gough
with the composite regiment, maneuvered
to the right, around their left flank and
they retired. Dundonald then halted
He was twenty-five miles, as the crow
flies, from his previous night's bivouac
and had covered nearly forty miles during
the day in a waterless country, most of
the time riding through smoke. I think
his pursuit a very fine performance. From
prisoners I learn that the enemy num
bered over 2000 at Helpmakaar. and being
now Joined by those who left Van Jon
ders Pass, they must total nearly 300Q
men. We move on Dundee to-day.
" 'Hilyard reports the occupation of
"Vessels Nek and is repairing the line.'"
Judging from the above dispatches, the
British advance is little more than an ar
duous march. The Boers,, who were ac
tive at first, later appear to have shown
the same readiness to retreat which Is
now marking the movements of the Fed
erals in the Free State. Apparently the
burghers are about to evacuate Natal and
concentrate for the defense of Laings
Nek, northward, and Van Reenans Pass
west.
The reoccupatlon of Dundee by the
British places the coal supplies there
again in their hands.
DESPERATE FIGHTING
REPORTED AT MAFEKING
LONDON, May 16.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mall from Lourenzo Marques, dated
Tuesday, says: "There is no doubt that
there was desperate fighting at Mafeking
Saturday, but it is believed to have gone
in favor of the garrison. All that can be
ascertained of a reliable character fol
lows:
NEW YORK, May 15.— The steamship
Maasdam, with the peace envoys from the
South African republics, arrived at this
port to-day, after a voyage of twelve days
from Rotterdam. The envoys— Abraham
Fischer, J. A. A. Woolraarens and C. P.
Wessels— were met by a committee which
went down the bay to greet them, and
later were welcomed by a larger body of
sympathizers gathered on the pier at Ho
boken, where the Maasdam docked. The
Mayor of that city extended a welcome to
them and the party then took carriages
for the Hotel Manhattan, where the en
voys will lodge during their stay in this
city.
The ship was sighted off Fire Island
early this morning, and the sub-committee
appointed to go down the bay embarked
on the revenue cutter Hudson and met
the Maasdam at Quarantine. On the ar
rival of the ship there were introductions
all around, ana then ex-Judge Van Hoe
sen recited the following address of wel
came:
"We are a committee of citizens of New
lork who sympathize with your country
in its struggle for liberty and independ
ence and who wish to make your visit
to. the city of New York agreeable to you
personally and advantageous to the nation
of which you are the representatives. In
the near luture we will extend to you a
more formal reception, but on this occa
sion we simply say 'welcome.' "
Mr. Fischer responded to Judge Van
Hoesen, saying:
"1 thank you most heartily for this wel
come which you have just extended to us.
The warmth of a welcome does not He in
the length ot words used, but in* deeds.
\\ e believe that the American people will
also extend to us a hearty welcome, for
ours is a cause that is dear to their
hearts. We are fighting for our country.
As soon as they come to understand our
cause they will I believe, echo the wel
come you have just given us."
The Maasdam was saluted by harbor
shipping on her way up. When -the ship
arrived at Hoboken the pier was crowded
with men and women waving the stars
and stripes and the colors of the South
African republics. The three envoys were
the first to leave the vessel. As they came
down the gangway a brass band on the
pier struck up the Boer national hymn,
the crowd on the dock cheered ana ves
sels near by tooted a welcome to the dele
gates.
Mayor Kajran of Hoboken delivered an
address of welcome and tendered the v!b
ltors the freedom of the city.
Chairman Fischer of the delegation re
plied on behalf of the envoys. Then the
delegates were escorted . to carriages at
the end of the pier. There a 'procession
was formed, headed by a band of music;
the procession passing through Washing
ton street, past the City Hall, to the Bar
clay-street ferry, where the envoys were
taken in charge by the committee of 100
from New York, and the whole party
crossed the ferry to New York, where the
envoys were escorted to the Hotel-Man
hattan. Along the route from the Hol
land-American line dock to the ferry
there were crowds who gave an enthusi
astic welcome to the envoys of the South
African republics.
At the hotel the envoys were received by
the executive committee of the citizens'
reception committee. Edward Lauterback,
who was among the speakers, caused
something of a sensation by bitterly de
nouncing the Irish race, declaring that
they had forgotten in a short time the bit
ter experiences they had had with Eng
land, and Irish regiments were now fight
ing to aid the empire.
Kach -of the envoys spoke in reply to
the addresses of welcome.
- Delegate Fischer, In the course of his
speech, said: "We come to seek peace,
but not at any price. We don't Intend to
be murdered out of existence. We ask
that. you investigate our cause. If you
find it wrong, then we will submit to being
made practical slaves and give up our
lands. If we are right, then we want you
to help us to maintain the things we have
won at great sacrifice."
wounded. The British loss is reported to
have been heavy.
CONFLICTING REPORTS
CONCERNING MAFEKING
LONDON, May 15.— A special dispatch
from Lorenzo Marques says it is reported
that a large force of Boers has been cap
tured by the British at Maf eking. Pre
toria, it is added, reports, on the other
hand, that Mafeking has fallen.
LORENZO MARyUES, Mav 15.—Tele
grams, received here report very heavy
lighting at Mafeking. Pretoria reports
that Mafeking has ? fallen, and The
Netherlands Railroad Company has Issued
a statement that Colonel Baden-Powell
has captured a large force of Boers.
A war bulletin posted at Pretoria May 12
announced that the British are advancing
to the relief of Mafeking.
The, Boers Saturday occupied the Kafflr
location at Mafeking. They were in turn
attacked during the night of Saturday and
on Sunday found themselves surrounded.
The Boers lost seven killed and seventeen
Approach of the British Relief Column
Causes T^em to Redouble the
Attack on tl)c Garrison.
to capture Baden-Powell -with 900 this
morning.'
"There is no doubt about the heavy
fighting-. A- telegram from the Portu
guese Consul to the Governor General
here confirms this, and there Is little
doubt of , the occupation of the Kaffir
stadt. But similar telegrams were pub
lished at Pretoria about Ladysmith. and
quite recently about Wepener, Just belore
Colonel Dalgety was relieved.
BOER PEACE ENVOYS
WELCOMED UPON ARRIVAL
LONDON. May l&-4:30 a. m.-"Food
will ldst until about June 10," is the
latest word from Colonel Baden-
Powell, the British commander at
Mafeking, sent to Lord Roberts un
der date of May T. Five days later tho
Boers attempted to storm the town, and
it is possible that they succeeded, al
though nothing is known of the attack or
of Its results, except through Pretoria
sources, which have no countenance here.
The British relief column is due there
now. Ten days ago General Snyman was
having difficulty In keeping the burghers
together, owing to the approach of the
British, and when the last Associated
Press dispatch left Ma'eklng.'On May 7,
the Boers had killed, on the previous day,
one of the horse guards and had captured
several of Colonel Baden-^owell's lew re
maining horses.
Major F. D. Bailie has sent to the Morn
ing I'ost from Maf eking, under' date of
Muy 7. thi6 message: . ...
••This morning tne Boers attacked us.
Result as usual. There Is an aching void
here. Pass tho loaf."
The Transvaal army has taken a posi
tion at Blnauwbascndoort Pass, near
Heilbron road station, lifty miles north of
Kxoonstad. lt& rear guard Is btill holding
the hills north of Valsch River, while
the LJoer scouts are in touch with British
reconnoiterlng parties twenty miles north
of Kroonstad.
The Boers have held a council of war
at Llngley and British spies have learned
that tho Boers decided to hold liaxrismith
as long as possible.
Lord Rooerts' infantry are Btlll at
Kroonstad. The railway laborers are hard
at work and the engineers hope to have
the line repaired wltnin three days.
The prairie has put on a russet winter
coat. The nights ure bitter cold, but the
days are hot.
The Free Staters are surrendering in
larger numbers than alter the occupation
of Bloemfomeln. One o«lcer or the
Transvaal artillery says: "There will be
no serious lighting this side or Pretoria,
as Bereehigen, on the Vaal, is indefen
sible. Heavy guns are being mounted at
Pretoria. Both Generals Botha and Llm
mer are agreed that ultimate success Is
Impossible. President Kruger is obstinate
and a majority ot tho Transvaalers hold
iirmly with him."
It la estimated that the Transvaalers
can still muster 30,000 men on tho fighting
lino.
General B-uller's advance, as his tele
grams indicate, was by Lord Roberts' in
structions, and it will cease or go forward
as Lord Roberts directs. It is said that
General Buller's orders to keep the Boers
employed have been supplemented by an
oraer to drive them completely out of
Natal and then to move on Harrlsmith.
General Rundlo and General Brabant
are taking possession of the wide regions
around Lauybrand almost without oppo
sition. Thev find the country plentifully
supplied with cattle, horsefeed and flour.
General Rundle is reducing his transport
and feeding his men and animals largely
off the country.
The Boers in that quarter surrender
daily and it is the expectation of the cor
respondents on the spot that the eastern
section of the Free State will soon be as
tranquil as the western. General Rundle's
front is thirty miles long, but his forces
are disposed so that if any point should
be attacked the troops there could be
quickly reinforced.
Lord Roberts contributes a lino to the
discussion going on in the press as to
when the war will end by the following
telegram, dated Monday and sent through
a correspondent who had made the direct
Inquiry:
"I regret that I cannot give any reply to
your question, as it is impossible at pres
ent to predict when the campaign will
end."
The view of the other side Is reported
by a correspondent to- whom President
Steyn said: "Sooner than leave this coun
try to fall into the hands of the British
I would destroy all our houses and leave
It a desert."
The relations between the Transvaal
and Portugal appear to be strained. The
Portuguese Consul at Pretoria, according
to reports from Lisbon, has been ordered
by President Kruger to leave the coun
try. The Portuguese declaration making
food and clothing contraband has nearly
destroyed the usefulness of Delagoa Bay
to the Transvaal.
Senhor Joaquin Machado, Governor
Ger.eral of Portuguese East Africa, is be
ing entertained at Beira and the English
officers who are passing through are
showing him courtesies. The Lisbon Cab
inet is understood to count on British pro
tection in the event of Boer aggression.
All the morning papers give long ac
counts of the reception of the Boer dele
gates in New York, but none of them
comment editorially except the Dally
Chronicle and the Times, the former of
which says:
"To give a parallel instance, suppose
that during the course of the Hispano-
American war the Spaniards had asked
England to Intervene and had sent a dep
utation to Queen Victoria. Would the
Spanish delegates have been received
with cheers and presented with the free
dom of the city of Southampton or of the
meanest township in the vicinity? This
difference between the temper of the Eng
lish people toward America and that of
the American populace toward England
will take a good deal to explain away."
The War Office last evening Issued an
abstract of British casualties since the
beginning of the war. This shows a total
of 20,035. exclusive of the sick in the field
and the Invalids, Including the wounded
sent home, who number 8901.
»
GENERAL BULLER
OCCUPIES DUNDEE
LONDON, May 15.— The War Office has
It was all too palpable, too bald and
nauseating even to those that had to sub
mit. When the chairman called upon
those that had railroad tickets to ap
proach the platform and sign their names
ur.c no one moved in answer to the call a
loud guffaw echoed through the conven
tion hall. Most of the delegates had tick
ets fcr which they d'd not sign, but they
did not. nevertheless, like the Joke.
And eo the convention proceeded to Its
end. a lesson and a warnfi^g: to th* repu
table Republicans oZ California. The men,
who fatten upon the corruption of public
life, who feed upon the shame of public
men, who are in politics for the profit that
may come In llf gotten gain, are not easily
killed.
Los» of Interest and enthusiasm was the
price paid by the Republican party for
the domination of the Southern Pacific.
The addresses were those worn out ef
forts which have done service before and
by use have become ragged at the edges.
Such little respect did th© speakers show
to their hearers that one of them. O. Z.
Hubbell. repeated m empty bombast a
speech which he delivered not long since
at Los Angeles upon a theme utterly for
eign to a nominating convention. The
fustian of empty phrases assaulted un
hc&rlng anfi unheeding ears. It was all a
fraud. The programme had been arrar.j
©d, the delegates had received their orders
and when tho string- was pu!le'd, llk« ma
rionettes, they were ready to Jump.
"When one of the crators In a district con
vention called upon the delegates to look
upon Moses Gunst, the gambler, as the
personlticatlca of civic and political vir
tue, cot even a smile swept the. faces of
those who beard.
The proceeding? of the convention were
a farce. The officers and delegates were
chosen before the convention met. The
committees appointed by the chair
rr-.a-n were selected for him, and
the names were handed to him in type
written lists, which he did not take the
precaution to read before he went upon
th« platform and haltingly stumbled
through them. Tho apathy which marks
the loss of individual action characterized
the entire assembly.
In such fashion the delegates accepted
their tfisg-raee. admitting shamelessly
their submission to the po-cver of the rail
road, which if? strtrlns ?till to crush crlti
clsci of its evil and :;e<rp within its pro
tection prostituted public men whom hon
est public opinion Insists be whipped
out of the slsht of honest citizens.
Company would accomplish their po
litical extinction if they did not obey,
fearful that the corporation's evil power
would work thorn harm in business, social
and fraternal life, thty submitted ta the
liurr.lliatlon of being dominated and com
manded by followers cf the racecourse.
*>>" petty earai>lers. by creatures of the
tenderloin, by men known only to ill-
Jame and by agents of corporate and in
dividual vice.
BOERS ATTEMPT TO
STORM MAFEKING
Gives Up His Seat ir> the Seoate
Just as Y\z Was (\ bout to
Lose It.
CLARK RESIGNS AT
THE ELEVENTH HOUR
Mendoclno-J. H. Barker. Uklah.
Merced- J. W. Knox. Merced.
Modoc— J. T. Laird. Alturas. "
Mono— Harvey lioone. liodie.
Monterey— E. W. Card. Salinas.
>.ajia — Kobert Corlett, Na;>a.
Nevada-r-F. E. Wadsworth. Nevada City.
Orange— Z. u. West. £anta Ana,
1 lacer— L. L. Chamberlain, Auburn.
Plumas— K. G. Hail, t^ulney.
Riverside— M. J. Daniels, Riverside.
Sacramento (Twentieth District)— William.
Lampert. Sacramento; Twenty-first District—
J. H. Batcher Jr., Sacramento; Twenty-second
Dirtrict— J. IL Burnham, Folsom.
San l>nlto— Thomas Flint Jr.. San Juan.
£an Bernardino— S. F. Kelley. San Ber
nardino.
San Diego— D, C. Collier Jr.. San Diego (Sev
enty-ninth District); C. H. Stewart. Nestor,
(Klphtleth District).
Han Francisco— Jarr.os II. Daley, San Fran
cisco: Edward J. Smith. San Francisco: Hor
ace Jackson. San Francisco; Tliomas J. Do
h«>rty. San Frarc-isro; 13. D. Sullivan, San
Francisco; Frank Mitchell, San Francisco; E.
1. Robinson, San Francisci: K D. MacDonald,
San Francisco; Henry Uurfeind. San Francisco;
J. A. Watt, San Francisco: Max Goldberg.
Sa.n Francisco: UTUUftxa T. Howe. San Fran
cisco; Kmile llauer. San Francisco: George
Stone, San Francisco; William H. Gallagher.
San Francisco; M. J. Flynn, San Francisco;
E. 1!. liucklej-. Han FranclMCo; Thomas Shee
han. San Francisco.
San Joaquin— Irving' Martin, Stockton; O. J.
Hemx>h!ll, Lodi.
San Luis Obispo — Hoi:jamin Brooks, San Luis
OblEpo.
San Mateo— George C. Rccs. Redwood City.
Sacta Barbara— Edmund M. Burke, Santa
Barbara.
Santa Clara— F. "W. Covey. Palo Alto; W. F.
James San Jose: J. D. Mackenzie, San Jose.
Santa Cruz — Henry F. Kron. Santa Cruz.
b'hssta— Carl R. BriKC?, Yreka.
Sierra— Stanley A. Smith, Downlevllle.
S'..-kiyou— J. S. Beard, Yreka.
Solano — E. P. llilborn, Sulsun.
Sonoma-W. F. Price. Santa Rosa; K. T.
Woodward. Santa Rosa.
Stnr.islaus— T. C Hocking-. Modesto.
Sinter— M. E. Sanborn, Yuba City.
Tehama— Douglass S. Cone, 'Red Bluff.
Trinity— W. H. Labree. Weavervllle.
Tulare— J. E. Shuey, Porterville.
Tuolumne — F. W. Street. Sanora.
Ventura — Orestes Orr. Ventura. ,,
Yolo— E. E. (Jadfll.% Woodland.
Yuba— Wallace LMnsmore. MaryBvllle.
4 IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ MAY 16, 1900.
Continued Trcm. First Page.
CONVENTION RULED
BY THE RAILROAD
Johnson Urges Bidsout's Claims,
VNl'-D. -RldecuVof Marysyille was placed
in nomination by "Grove L." Johnson, of
Sacramento, who- said: ¦*:""¦ . •-" ;¦¦*-;•"••-•-
Mr. Chalrxnan, no man in the Republican par-
The antagonism to John D.
Spreckcls comes from causes which
are local; causes connected with the
political history of this State within
tho past two years. And his courss,
every cne within the sound of my
voice knows, is approved by forty
nins out of fifty of the Republicans
of this State.
You cannot deny it: (Applause and cheers.)
There la no question about it. And if he la
turned down here to-niirht It will go out to
morrow that It was done because he . had the
couiape of his convictions, fought the hardest
ilsht known in the hiftory of Republican poli
tico in the State within the past two 'years
and succeeded, in pplte of the roost Infinite, you
may say. opposition, in preventing: the putting
of the party- in a- position where It would not
have carried' a. f-tate election for the next
twenty years. (Applause and cheers.)
Now, gentlemen, in conclusion. I say that
he is, as a matter of rUht. entitled to be select
ed to represent this State nt the Philadelphia
convention. I care nothing lor the personal
feelings of these gentlemen who 'will b» select
ed r.s delegates. I would like to eee them all
go If they could: but, in nil candor, and In'all
fairness, it would be political idiocy and politi
cal inramy, - If he be not selected , as • one of.
your delegates. ¦»¦•• •¦¦ '. ' ¦ :,
Who, as suggested by a, previous
speaker, in advance of the convention
that me«ts in Philadelphia, has a
right to dictate to you or to me what
we shall believe upon the future pol
icies of our party with reference to
tho accessions of territory that have
occurred within the last two years?
No one.
The idea, at I understand Jt, of -having the
conventions to formulate political platforms la
that, by taking the rciirisenta live party men
from r.it thf State* cf the Union, bringing; them
together, after a discussion pro ami con of the
var.uus issues, they will be enabled, putting
everything together, to draft, ma? cut* some
plan and thereupon stand. But that is not? the
reaECn.
3
Get HUDYAN and Get Well!
DOCTORS
® I : DOCTORS I CONSULTED ET LETTER OR IN PERSON.
' •* : * WRITE TOTTR SYMPTOMS.
FOR FREE CIRCULARS ASD TESTIMONIALS OF THE GREAT HTTDYAN.
0® ®0®® ©©©©©©© ® 000© ©®®0©®®©®®®®©®©©®
HUDYAN strengthens and stimulates those glands that furnish the elements neces-
sary In the dictation of food. HUDYAN" CJres all stomach" disorders and prevents
those serious heart complications which m«ke Indigestion a thing to be dreaded.
HUDYAN enriches the blood and restores the glow of health to pale complexions.
BIGGS. CaL I SACRAMENTO. Cal.
Dear Doctcrs: • I am a new man since 1 Dear Doctors: Every one who la troubled
took HUDYAN. My arpetlts Is splendid with Indigestion and chronic constipation
and I do not suffer any more. The irre^u- should know of your, HUDYAN. It has
lar flutterincs of my heart are cured tlso. cured me entirely. I have been In splendid
I am so glad that I took IIUDYAN. health erer since I took HUDYAN. I feel
GEO. MILLER. splendid. - - MRS. I* J. TATLOR.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists — 50c a package or six packages for C30.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN. send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
CO., cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market sts-, San Franclyco. Cal.
<; <* OF THE HUDYAN KEMEDT CO. MAY BE
see Hi tti npec n fh \. «
fgai \j \ LL\\\\*j3 % kUUi J I u 111(4 w> 11 « hi
M Headache, Impaired Appetite, f|
H Heartburn, Bistnrbsd Sleep, §j
Rl Flatnlen;y, ioated Tongue, 9
\B\ Cos'iveness, Bloating. j£
iL Hii.1v/.n CiifpQ JS
imuycs.il vi»iv3»^s^STOCKTON. May 15.— The thirteenth
annual convention. of the California
Christian Endeavor Union opens
with a grand concert of 300 voices in
tho Agricultural Pavilion Thursday
night. Already the principal streets
and thoroughfares are' beginning to be
thronged with delegates and visitors to
the convention city, and everything indi
cates that before another day passes the
city will be crowded with thousands of
Christian Endeavor guests from every
part of the State.
After many days of faithful service on
the part of a large force "of mechanics,
florists and professional decorators the
great Agricultural Pavilion, which stands
In the center of the city, presents a pleas
ing aspect never seen within It3
spacious walls. In fact, a great religious
gathering like this, throbbing and pulsing
with the Christian enthusiasm of a great
State, Is a new venture in the.lifo of a
staid, industrious city like Stockton. Ag
ricultural fair3, ' annual picnics, political
campaigns and Native Sons' and Daugh
ters' receptions each in their turn have
created epochs in the social" hemisphere,
but until now no event similar In magni
tude,-bearing an aspect distinctively re
ligious, has ever come this way.
Ever since the. organization of the
Stockton 1900 committee, which began the
work .of preparation for this convention.
It has been a matter of public contempla
tion, but not until the.flutter of thousands
6f flags were seen In. the streets and the
city was given over to the decorators*
Lou Fook, a Chinese highbinder, .was
arrested 'by Detective Ed Gibson yester
day morning at 1D06 Dupont street, whore
Previous Charge Against Xou. Fook
Was Dismissed Owing to Per-
V: jured Testimony! .
ARRESTED A SECOND
TIME FOR MURDER
aboard. Nevertheless the steamer was
placed in quarantine. After some delay
the cabin passengers were landed, but the
vessel will not be released until the sick,
insane and dead soldiers have been land
ed. . • ••¦••
He was arrested about a month ago on
the same charge. At his preliminary ex
amination before Judge Conlan Robert
Anderson, a- Deputy Sheriff, and James T.
Watts, a private detective, both of San
Jose, swore that he was in that city on
tho day of the murder. On that testi
mony the Judge dismissed the case.
The police subsequently learned that
Watts' reputation was bad. They ascer
tained that Watts had perjured -himself
and a warrant was issued for his arrest,
but before it could be served he fled. from
San -Jose, where 'be Is wanted for forgery.
Anderson, while 'giving his testimony, was
he was hiding, and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of murder. He is ac
cused of killing Wong Yuen, a carpenter,
at S 1 ,^ Waverley place January 6 last.
LONDON. May 15.— The_ dramatic and
musical matinee at Drury Lane . Theater
to-day fn aid of the Princess Christian
Homes of -Rest for Disabled Soldiers was
a brilliant function. Th«» Princess of
Wales and other members of the royal
family were present. Every seat was sold,
the prices reaching: as hlph as 100 gruineHE,
and a guinea was paid for standing room.
Funds for Soldiers' Home.
SEATTLE, May ir..-S2ierIff Rcks of
Merrill. 3,!ncoln County, Wis.. arrived in
this city to-day by way of Olympla,
whence he first went to obtain the Gov
ernor's warrant -for the extradition of
John Sullivan, who is wanted by the Wis
consin nuthoritlcF on a charge of forgery-
Th»-y will start East to-morrow. Sheriff
Ross claims that Sullivan Is one of the
best handwriting exports tn the- country.
Extradited for Forgery."
unconscious condition and taken to the
City Receiving Hospital. It is thought he
will recover. Smiths attempt to end" his
life i? attributed to his extremely low
financial condition. He had been Interest
ed in mJnlnt: ventures, but did not real
fz«» from them. It w^s learned from the
effects* found In Smith's. room .that at one
time he had been a member of Nelson's
Queen Lodge No. 211. Sons of England
Benevolent Society of British Columbia,
and the Knights of Pythias.
Took Morphine.
SACRAMENTO. May 13. —John 'W.
JSrnlth attempted to commit suicide this
morr.lng in a lodging-house at 50C K street
by taking morphine. He was found In an
His Disposal.
Special Dispatch to The . Call. •
¦ WASHINGTON. May 15.— President
McKlnley is contemplating the appoint
ment of Congressman Marion deVries of
California as a member of the Board of
General Appraisers. The position is the
best ¦ Federal office at ,the disposal ; of, the
President for a Democrat.' It carries a
salary of $7500 : a year and the",'appoint
ment for life. ¦ , , " . ' . .'
Representative de. VrlesV possible, ap
pointment hangs upon.the: action of the
Senate, which for nearly a year has re
fused to confirm William D. Bynum : ; of
Indiana- for the position.: Bynum was ap
pointed a'- member of the Board: of • Gen
eral - Appraisers by President' McKinley.'
He was appointed as n ¦> Democrat,- but
during the campaign of 1898 espoused 5 the
cause of j McKinley as • a*> gold- Democrat.
His reward was the appointment j but
certain Democrats, in the Senate have re
fused to admit that her is > a- Democrat,
saying that he is an; out and out Repub
lican. Thus far they have succeeded in
preventing . Bynum's confirmation. - Ere
long Bynum'a name -must be withdrawn
and, knowing this, De Vries" friends -have
been :¦ actively working ¦ ; for\- him. .'The
movement -was Joined in ; by \ the i entire
California, Oregon and Washington dele
gations ¦ in ' Congress:, by Supreme < Court
Justice McKenna,- who-personally saw; the
President about rltj -by . prominent Demo
crats «n both the Senate and House, and,
even \ by. Senator Hanna. - Thus j it -will ; bo
seen ¦: that he has a very - : strong . backing
indeed, much stronger : than:, most ..appli
cants for Federal ' positions present, t .
. -Should De- Vries bo: given the place his
duties will require his residence in ' New
York-City^; . ,
President Considers" His 'Appointment
for the, Best Federal Office at ;
DE VRIES MAY BE NAMED
A GENERAL APPRAISER
Bad for -Amaya,
SANTA CRUZ, May 15.— At the trial of
M. Amaya this afternoon Under Sheriff
Mullen and Constable Patton ¦ testified
that they were present - when - G. . D.'
Loucks identified Amaya as the man who
first struck him with a cIud and^then
shot him. -William Amaya, a brother of
the accused, testiiied 'that; when he- re
tired - the night the crime was committed
the prisoner had not returned home. The
prosecution then closed.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Patents Granted, Pensions Issued and
Various Postmasters Com
missioned.
WASHINGTON, May 15.— The following
pensions have been granted Californians:
Original— Frank E. Myers, San Francisco,
$6; William O. McLeod, Santa Ana, *S;
Daniel Thompson, Santa Rosa, $6. Addi
tional—James A. Coil, Lockeford, $12;
.Francis H. Hunts, Georgetown, JS. Res
toration and increase— Leroy Ricnardson,
dead, San Jose, $12. Increase— Pietro
Tonna.' Oakland, 517. Reissue — Newell K.
Karle, San Francisco, $37 50. Original wid
ows, etc.— Verlenia Wright, Pope Valley,
$*j; Eleanor M. Richardson, Sari Jose, ts.
Washington: Original— Reuben Gray,
Soldiers* Home, Ortmg, $6; Rufus C.
Owen, Spokane, $6. Renewal and increase
— Jacob Norton, Orting, $6. Increase —
William S. Harper, l,arene, $17; Howard
W. Kann, Spokane, $14.
Oregon: Original— William C. Kndlcott.
¦Enterprise, $6; Benjamin F. Halm, Ya
quina. $ti. Renewal— Daniel S. Adams,
«.orvall!s. SS.
A postotrice ¦ has been established at
Shawnee. Ferry County, Wash., and Wil
liujn .Coyle named Postmaster. The fol
lowing l*ostmasters have been commis
sioned: H- J. Lattin. Orrick, Cal.; Mary
l>afoiletle, Wawawal, Wash^ .
Calvin Bailey has been appointed Post
master of BloomJns, Washington County,
Or., vice II. Paul, resigned.
The postonioes at Menlo Park, Cal.. and
CosniopoUs, Wash., will become Presi
dential Julyl. und the salary of the
Pv.tmaster will be 51000.
The following patents have been grant
ed: Charles W. Day, Santa Cruz, pulver
izirg and separating- machine; Edward M.
Greene and W. Brady, San F'mncl.«co,
rock drill; John A. W. Lundborg, San
Frencisco, dentist's mouth dilater, etc.;
Theodore - Payne, Loa. Angeles, ' flower
holder: David S. Plum, El Dorado, um
bilical truss: Patrick II. Reardon, San
Francisco, rotary attachment for rock
drill piston?, adjusting device for rock
drill slides: Caesar R. Splivalo, San Fran
cisco, drying apparatus; Joseph L. Wil
son. . Ix>s -ATngeles. ¦ repeating upright
piano action. < "¦¦¦ ¦ .•<
Oregon— John F. Sanders. Portland, as
signor to H. Brown, Chicago, carbon for
electric lights. . .
Washington — I>ewiR Mayhew. assignor
one-half to H. N. Hinsdale. New Wbat
com, acetylete gas generator.
The general survey bill, carrying an ap
propriation of $200,000, will be reported to
the House from the River and Harbor
Committee to-morrow. The bill provides
for the examination and survey, with a
view to Improvement, of Oakland harbor
and of the Ban Joaquin River above the
mouth. It also provides for beginning the
work of the Debris Commission. ; w -j
The five Japanese— C. Katow, R. Tako
moto, T. Oukmuro. C. Tagami and K.
Yamana— arrested Monday night on com
plaint of S. Yosbl, 32 Natoma street, for
embezzling 51375 belonging:' to the Japa
nese Cigarette Makers' Union were ar
raigned in Jttdgo Cabaniss" court yester
day. Their cases were' continued U1J
-¦May 22. - ¦:: .;: ¦ - -?,-». . - • v-.
Japanese at Outs.
not *so positive as Watt3 and saved him
self from the charge of perjury.
The police now say that they have suffi
cient evidence to prove that Loa Fook
and SI Ho Mon, who Is now tn the County
Jail awaiting his trial on another charge
of murder,, were the men who murdered
"Wong Yuen. :
The cause of the accident "is a mystery.
The bridge is 853 feet long and was in
spected a few days ago when It was pro
nounctd in good condition. The injured
men were brought to this city this after
noon and are now in the Providence Hos
pital. Farr and Smith are the most seri
ously hurt, but it is not thought they will
die.
SEATTL.E. MaS* 15.— As a loaded logging
train, consisting of eight cars, an engine
and caboose, on the Seattle and Interna
tional Railway was crossing the Raging
River bridge between | Preston and Falls
City this morning the structure, collapsed,
carrying the solid train and crew to the
bottom of the canyon, 110 feet below. - The
injured are: :;-/¦*
Engineer William J. Farr, ribs broken,
arm and head cut.
Brakeman Smith, wrist and ribs broken
and cut about face and body.
Brakeman Graham, jaw broken and
badly shaken up.
Fireman J. Marion, sprained ankle,
bruised about head and body.
Four of the Crew Injured, but At
tending Physicians Believe
They Will Rilly
Recover.
A Serious Accident on the
Seattle and International
Railway.
TRAIN WRECKED
BY COLLAPSE
OF A BRIDGE
Firemen Saved the Handsome Struc
ture From Total I>estruction, but
'¦is j '•: Foundations May, Have i I'
j . Be«n Weakened.
-« • - • - '¦¦¦.*
PARIS, May 15.— A fire occurred at the
exposition this afternoon.* The flames
were discovered in the basement of the
Chateau d'Eau. which, is expected to be I
one of the leading features of the' ex
hibition. • '- .
Intense alarm was caused by the blaze,
as it was feared the adjoining: Salles des
Fetes might become involved. The Amer
ican section of the Palace of Electricity
would in that case have been one of the
first places to suffer.
The efforts of the firemen, however,
succeeded in localizing: the outburst and
after ran hour's hard work the flre was
extinguished, with apparently slight dam
age to a portion of the woodwork be
r.eath the Chateau d'Eau and a few tap
estries.
The news of the fire spread quickly
through Paris and aroused considerable
anxiety, owing to the recent severe criti
cism of the inadequate arrangements to
cope with a -conflagration. A column of
smoke issuing from the* chateau first be
trayed, the presence of. fire and an alarm"
was then raised by the mechanics who
are still working on the installation of the
ralace of Electricity. ;
The -fire, was dueto the fusing of the
wires, which ignited the scaffolding un
derneath- the chateau. The special fire
corps attached to the exposition arrived
promptly and began the work of extin
guishing the flames.
In the meanwhile great excitement pre
vailed 'among the visitors, who- flocked to
the scene. The police threw cordons
around the chateau, from which the dense
smoke issued chiefly through the crevices
of the terraces forming the cascades, but
no flames could be perceived from the
outside. ¦ ~ •¦ ¦
The Minister of Commerce, M. Mille
rand: the Prefect of . Pollce,\M. Lepine;
the Commissioner General of the exposi
tion, S. M. Picard; and General Dalstein
reached the scene very quickly and aided
In the direction of the police and;: fire
brigade. The workmen : in the basement
had narrow escapes and three were near
ly asphyxiated when rescued. >
-" The I outbreak i was confined to '¦- the
ground floor of the chateau, where. much
woodwork and decorative hangings were
destroyed. - '•'.
As M. Lepine feared the flre might have
impaired the foundations, he caused the
galleries and halls' underneath the "cha
teau to be evacuated until the experts de
clare there Is no danger of collapse.
CHATEAU D'EAU
BADLY DAMAGED
BY FLAMES
Other Buildings on.Exposi
tion Grounds Were
, Threatened.
THOMAS ARRIVES
AND IS PLACED
IN QUARANTINE
She Many Soldiers,
Including Nineteen ;-./;
unicers.
Cabin Passengers \< Were* Allowed to
Land, , but jthe ¦ .Vessel Was Sent
. to Angel Island by Dr.> _\ : -.
Kinyounf '
'The United States transport Thomas ar
rived from Manila yesterday after, a fair
passage of twenty-nine, days. She brought
up nineteen officers In the cabin,. thirty
three sick soldiers, forty-three discharged
soldiers, six members of the* hospital
corps, seven insane patients, nine guards,
two prisoners, four contract nurses -and
the bodies of ten soldiers who died in the
Philipjiines.
The full list of those who came home on
the steamer is: - -.. ¦• .•
Brigadier. General Theodore Schwan! Colonel
Jacob Kline, .Twnty-flrst ¦¦'- Infantry: Colonel
John W. FYench, Twenty-second Infantry; Colo
nel Simon. Snyder, Nineteenth In/antry: Major
Charles T. Boyd. Eleventh. Cavalry: . Captain
Kussell J. Hazzard. Eleventh Cavauy; Captain
Ueorge L.;Baker Jr:. Fortieth Infantry:'Lieu
tenant C. E. Babcock, Ninth Infantry; Lieuten
ant John Crotty,.;Korty-first Infantry; Lieuten
ant. L. M. Cutts. . Eleventh Cavalry; Dr. 8. P.
f.ottrell, surgeon; Lieutenant B. N. Hartshorw?.
Ninth Infantry: Lieutenant James G. Castner,
Fourth Infantry; Lieutenants J. C. Hawkins.
Fourth Cavalry; Lieutonaijt L E Hill, Fourth
Infantry, aid; Lieutenant J. E. Peck, Thirty-
Feventh Infantry; Dr. E. P. Hayward, assistant
surgeon; Lieutenant Haisch, Thirty?slxth In
fantry; Lieutenant J. C. Breokinrklge.
Sick— Corporal Patrick P. Finnerln, Benton
TUton, Melvln S. Harmer, Griffith II. Green.
Miner Darnett. Charles F. Anscn, Edward B.
Robln?6n, Joseph R. Zink, Thomas Lynch,
Frederick L. Day. Zacharias Hayes; William
HcElroy, Francis L. Baldwin, Edgar G. Gil
more, Jack Osborne, James J. Gorden, . John R.
Burke, Joseph Mooney, John C. Sullivan. "\V11
bert Jamieson, Paul Riohter, Thomas F. Mur
phy, Romanus Brommer, Will Buster, Charley
Kohler, Oscar. Hertz. Myron L. Gilbert, Claude
L. Pearson, John Owens, Thomas J. Flynn,
Evert Pensonius.
• Insane— Harry I>.- Wilson, Daniel McCormtck.
Sixth Artillery; George L. James, Twenty-ninth
Infantry; Arthur D. Row, Hospital Corps;
Ehrhardt Franz, band. Sixteenth Infantry;
Alexander C. Lacock, Thirty-second Infantry;
John J. Shaughnessy, Third Infantry.
Dead— Thomas' Hoar, sergeant. Company D,
Eleventh Cavalry; Thomas A. Ehrhart, Com
pany K. Forty-second Infantry; J. Lewi3 Lead
ley, Company M, Thirty-seventh Infantry:
Johnson H. Ray, Company B. Thirty-seventh
Infantry: Daniel Knight, Company K, Forty
ninth Infantry; William Linehan, Company F,
Thirty-seventh Infantry; August Schultz, arti
ficer, Company A, Twelfth Infantry; William
V. McCrery, Company G, Eleventh Cavalry:
Christ Morisen, sergeant. Company D, Eleventh
Cavalry; William South, Company B, Twen
tieth Infantry.
Guard— Sergeant Thomas Russell, Corporal
James. Goetz. Corporal Henry Kaffolz, W. H.
Harrison. E. J. BreElnger, James W.. Laugh
ton, George H. Clements," Hugh N. Forbs,
Thomas Wiggins.
Prisoners— Charles J. daffy, John J. Kearns.
On furlough— Commissary . Sergeant C. A.
Fortner. ' . ¦ • -
hospital; corps.
Lieutenant L. E. Wetherill. hospital stew
ard; Fred Greseking-, Emll Collins. UV K; D.
Minnassean, Franklin George, William C.
Helnrichs. • • : ¦¦
Contract nurses— Mona Bowman,, Christine
Bedell, Mary Stern. Edith H. Rutley.
Discharged soldiers— \V. H. Churchill, W. T.
Caldwell, Orin Housey. Charles" Rurch, William
J. Crosby. James McCreedle, James Conlln,-
L. J. Easley, Hugh . Kernehan, Fred Yea
rr.ans, E. J. Kollenbeck, James J. Moran,
Lawrence O'Connor. Mark R. Baldwin, Edwin
Curry. S. J. Deckson. \V. L». Hammond, Roy
W. Squires, Charles O. Cobb, Joseph T. Han-
Rold, Joseph B.Greer, .Walter ¦t.L:' Ballard,
Frank H. Flemmlng, : James Murphy, Fred W.
Btelnert, George ' Freckman, f John Rompoe,
Calvin T. Patton, Douglas Stein. James A.
Cotter, CAW. Morgan, R. R. Gibbon. Samuel
Pence, H. B. Hind. L. - P. Wells, James D.
Cain, Barney Mulgrew, - William Bailey, .An
thony Kozler, Chris Peterson, Abel Satterland,
Wilbur 53. Jones, William M. Bond, deported. ,
There were] hoi deaths during the voy
age, nor were there any contagious cases
General Schwan was born In Oermany In 1841, arid began service In the
T'nited States army as a private. This was in 1S5". He was afterward a corporal,
sergeant and first. sergeant, and in 1S63 a quartermaster sergeant, of the Tenth
Infantry. A year later he was made a first lieutenant for meritorious services,
and a captain In 1S66. His brevet captaincy came to him for "gallant services In
the battle of Chapel House. Virginia." in 1S64. For his entire Civil War service
he .w as also brevetted major. For a year he was stationed at Fort Snelllng, St.
Paul— this in 1SS7— and then sent into Indian service In the Southwest. He fought
through part of the Custer campaign, and. raw all kinds of field service until 1SS6,
when- he- was called to Washington, where he remained until the breaking out oi
the Spanish war. He has done good work In the Philippines.
GENERAL THEODORE SCHWAN, who' won distinction In the Philippines
for hip pluck and daring in dislodging the insurgents from their strong
holds, returned from the front on the transport Thomas and is now in this
city. The most conspicuous feat performed by General Schwan was in
January laft. when he took his men down steep river banks with ropes, flanked
the Filipino rebels where they thought they were Impregnable and dealt a severs
blow to their expectations.
General Theodore Schwan.
art and Christian Endeavor emblems did
the people really wake up to the actual
meaning of a "convention. - As it is now,
the convention has caught the town; It
has now undisputed right of way. AH
streets look alike and Christian Endeavor
is the word.
The weather was never more favorable
and the indications are that the thirteenth
annual convention will be a record'break
er In the growth of- the Christian En
deavor on this coast-
J. W. Ross, chairman of the 1900 com
mittee, has issued the following- letter of
information for the benefit of those com
ing to the convention:
"On behalf of the Stockton 1900 com
mittee I desire to publish this letter of
general Information to those who may not
be posted in regard, to the details of the
thirteenth annual convention of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union. The
following: Items should be Important to
those who expect to attend the different
sessions of th« convention:
"The convention opens on Thursday
evening at 7 o'clock. Public entrance will
be on Washington street: delegates' en
trance on San Joaquin street; certain
seats will b« reserved in the front part of
the house for delegates until 7:30, at
which time all vacant reserved seats will
be open to the public. First come, first
served.
"All sessions of the convention are open
to the public — no charge for admission —
and you are earnestly invited to attend.
"The Sunday afternoon meeting is for
men only; admission by tickets, gratui
tously distributed through the local
Young Men's Christian Association.
' "The gallery will be for . the general
public; no reserved seats.
"The convention button during the con
vention will be for delegates only; if any
"Doorkeepers and ushers ¦will endeavor
to serve the public in the best possible
manner, and you are requested to assist
them by a prompt compliance with what
ever reasonable request they may make.
Please report' any mistreatment to the
committee headquarters at once."
The committee appointed to meet those
coming fro'm San Francisco and the bay
cities, by train and boat, are as follows:
California Navigation and Improvement Com
pany steamers— E. P. . I.ie»y. captain; Miss
Lillian Taber. Alls* Manila Fisher. Miss Pearl
Hardacre, Miss Nellie Buckley, Miss Grace
Paddock, MUs Mabel Holjfate. Miss Marth*
Heiman, Miss Kmma Stewart. Miss Grace Ray.
Union Transportation Company steamers-
Mrs. Fannia E. t>ice. captain; Miss Amelia
Fmith, Miss* Ethel Arthur, Miss Mabel E.
Trefry. Miss Belfe Crispin. Will Mobley, Ber
nard Ryland. C. T. McAlmond. A. T. Barr.
Gua Kyburz. *. ..
San Francisco. San Jo»e and way stations —
Miss Alma Jewett, captain: Miss Louise Ray
mond, Miss Belle Crispin. Miss Pearl. Hard
acr?, Miss Pirdle Williams. Mrs. P. G. Good
wine. Mrs. C. Ferguson. Walter Taber, E. P.
I^iesy. A. T. Barr, Miss May Johnston. Edwin
Ferguson. Miss Mabel HolKate, Misa Marilla
Fisher. Miss Klizabeth Perry.
San Francisco via Nlles— Miss Lillian Taber.
captain: Mrs. Fannie E. DK-e. Mrs. J. W.
Koss. Miss Carrie Berdine, Miss Birdie Wil
liams. Miss Helen Wrlsrht, Miss Jeanetta
Drury, Misa Elizabeth Perry. Miss Grace Pad
dock, Mrs. C. Ferguson. Mrs. F. S. Moore.
Miss Martha Heiman. Miss Ethel Hardacre.
Miss Nellie Buckley. Miss May Johnston. C.
P. McAlmond. C. A. Bareford.
San Francisco via Martinez— C. P. MoAt
mond. captain: Miss CarrlB Berdine, MIm
Martha Heiman. Miss Ldzz!e Smith, Miss Alma
Jewett, Mrs. Emma E. Dice, Will Mobley.
Walter Taber, Gus Kyburz, A. T. Barr, John
A. Clark.
are left after the convention Is over they
can be secured from the committee.
GREATER GROWS
CASUALTY LIST
IN THE ISLANDS
Mac Arthur Sends, Names of
Those Who Died
Recently.
Majority of the Men Were Victim a of
? Disease, Typhoid, Variola and
'*. Malaria Being Most
Correspondence of the Associated Preps.
MANILA, April 15.— General Smith.
I formerly colonel of the California Volun
teers. Is in Manila for a short visit. He
reports conditions in the island of Negro9
as very fairly satisfactory. The civil gov
ernment ho has establishod there is pros
pering, though it needs the most careful
direction. General Smith finds the uattve
Civil Governors and Councilme-n to be bet
ter framers of laws than administrators
thereof. He emphatically denies the
ctories recently current that' he discov
ered a plot among his na-tive administrat
ors to overthrow the American authority
in Negros :md that he had c-uns^quentiy
to imprison i-cveral of his new Cabinet.
There was a revolutionary movement
some three months ago. which was quick
ly j>ut down by the Sixth Infantry, and
tnat cave rise to the rumors of native
treason. It was in thi* fighting that Lieu
tenant Ledyard was killed. General
Smith declaic-b that the stories of the
backsliding of his civil administrators
were started by the Hongkong Junta in
order to discredit the racorss of. his civil
government experiment on Negros Island.
Native Plot.
General Smith Denies the Story of a
The foregoing commands are backed up
hy many quotations from the Bible, en
r-yclicais. syllabi and letters from different
Popes. This pamphlet was issued without
duly expressed church authority and until
tba organ of the Hnman Catholic church
in MnnHa. • a Snenish newspaper -called
the iLibertas. admitted the fact that the
Jesuits had published and with every
ripht'the pamphlet in question consider
able doubt was entertained as to its au-
CONDITIONS IN NEGR0S.
MANILA. April 15.— The most sensa
tional of the events of the past week haa
been the general distribution by the Jes
uits of a pamphlet in whioh is set forth
the "truths which Christians must ob
serve." Some of the things most strongly
condemned by the Jesuits in this pamph
let erf those vrhich the American Govern
ment has pledged itself to carry out. not
ably rettXtOUS tolerance and the recogni
tion of civil marriage. Consequently this
act of the Jesuits is considered by many
to be an attack upon the American admin
istration.
The pamphlet In question says: <1) "The
commands of the church must be obeyed
in the same manner as the law of God.
(2) You must subject your own judgment
to that of the church and think exactly
as the church thinks, for the church can
not be overcome. »3) You must reject and
condemn the Masonic sect, so frequently
rejected and condemned by the Supreme
Pontiff?. <4) You must also reject and
condemn liberty of worship, liberty of the
press, liberty cf thuught and the other
liberties of perdition, condemned and re
jected by the church, (.oj You must also
reject and condemn liberalism and alsa
modern progress and civilization as being
false progress and false civilization. <6>
You must utterly abominate civil mar
riage and regard It as pure concubinage.
<7> You must also -condemn and reject the
interference of the civil authorities in any
ecclesiastical affairs, so much In vogue
nowadays. <S) Finally, you must hold the
belief that the church has by its origin i.
divine and pupernatural authority and Is
moreover superior to the civil authorities,
end reject and condemn the doctrine that
the church should submit to the state or
that the church is independent of or ought
to separate itself from the Ftate. •
"Children must be brought up in the
abov* FieW*. condemning whatever the
church condemns. And children must be
educated solelv in Catholic schools by
genuinely Catholic teachers and not on
any account in unsc"tarian or mixed
schools, v.hlch are strictly forbidden by
the church."
lated by Jesuits in Philippines.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
EULES FOE CATHOLICS.
Pamplilet Said to Have Been Circu-
WASHINGTON. May 15— General Mac-
Arthur's latest casualty list is as follows:
MAN1I-A. May 14. — Deaths — Drowned. May 7,
Troop E. Third Cavalry. John K. Adams: May
«. Company C, Twenty-fourth Infantry, Eltsha
Forch*.
Jaundice, May S. .Company F. Seventeenth
Infantry, S*»rg*»ant John E. J^ar.f.
I'n*"umonia. May S. Company M." Forty -sixth
Infantrv. Jay W. <"nhen.
Typhoid fev<>r. Aj>rfl 14, Company I. EUfht
pfnth Infantry, Isnu-I <'ork; May 6, Company
H. Twenty-tixth Infantry-. Frank 1.. Bigos;
Slav 5. Companv K, Korty-«*c«nd Infantry.
FYank B«u<r; April LT. Or>mpary O, Forty-flfih
Infantrj". Matthew Mikauw; Arrll 7, Company
C, Vorty-elghth lnfanirj'. James J. HeldT.
Malarial f<«ver. May K Company I, Seven
teenth Infantry, Roy Payers': May ?. Company
1* »ev*-r.t<>*nth Infantry. Thomas Sullivan:
• •ompany II. Korty-rfxth. Infantr>-. Xapoleon L,.
rtaudett*-: May 10. <-onij>aay V, Twenty-first In
lantrj'. Alfred Toli<*k.
Chronic <liarrhoea. May 1*>, Company A.
Twenty-first Infantry. Wiiliani Landrigan; May
«. Company i\ Twenty-flm Ir.fantr>'. Michael
J. Farrell.
Tubercul'»Fi*. May 4. Company K, Forty-ninth
Infantry. Willie Bowman.
. Nerhritls, May ». Company C, Forty-eiphth
Infantry, John Karman.
Variola. April 7, Company C. Sixteenth In
fantrv-, Hobfrt ft. Hoofer; April 24, Company
K. Sixteenth Infantry. <v>rpn«-al Abraham
Crctf. April -K Company C Forty-third In
fantry, J'^n C. Hand: April S'\ Company G,
Fort:- -fourth lnfantr> - . Ferd N'l^holas; May J.
Company .O. Forty-ninth Infnntr?'. K<iward
Uroenieaf: Con-.pany II. Forty-f'ip-hth lnfantrj".
rjljjti S^ars; May 4. Petor Ilalretnd.
DjF»nter\-. May «, fompany B. Battalion of
Enslne*ri!, l T . B. A., Frank \V. Lchra&n; May
", Company E, Twenty-second Infantry, Ser
(-.;,:¦,' Patrick Maione: May .", Company L,
Thirty-fifth Infantry. Henry HamburB.
Peritonitis. April 2.'t. <*ompany D, Forty-fifth
Infantrj", Euward M. Baker.
Absrep? of liver. April %, Battery G, Flxth
Artr.|er>-. Fred Wiihelm: April 3«. Company E, j
Tvpr.ty-sixJh Infantry. Robert K. I>eird. j
Pi ¦¦tlltl ilav t,. < 'ompany K. Twenty-ninth ,
lnfajitr>. Sergeant William U. Clayton.
<;prtro entritis, April 1«. Company D, Eight- j
tenth Infantry. Alonzo Henly.-
Pied of wounds received in action. May 2, |
«'orr.p«my I, Twenty-third Infantry. First Ser- I
peant Guy A Wyath; April 21. Company I. j
Forty-third Infantry. Charles I>oI!o!T; April 16. I
• ¦ompany H, Forty-third Infantry. Oliver M. j
Pendergas^: May 3, Company F. Forty-third j
Intsntry. ThoraaJ O. I?ates.
A«xrldcr.tal j-irtol shct by comrade, April :£,
Tlobert Stickles, Company C. Forty-ninth In
ltctrj-.
STOCKTON IS READY FOR
ADVENT OF ENDEAVORERS
„ . __ . ___ * ¦¦ ¦'• ¦ ¦ ¦¦• ¦ ¦ • • ¦ i '¦¦ ¦¦ ' ¦ ; * ¦ • *
THE SAN. FRANCISCO .CALL, i MAY 16, 1900.
GENERAL SCHWAN IS
HOME FROM THE WAR
4
KjjPj The following may be of much importance to you. It is to the interest of your future S, iCt^vSiy^^ / V iffli^liip^^ HIbeI
B health and happiness. Of course, it is the greatest dcsi r e of the sick to gain their health. Health ~" \ ' f t/W*f^^~~ rr^I
WMm is the most important factor in the world to-day. Without health"it is difficult to succeed in life. g^-^^/^^^sl^s^ 1 ;! W^M
k3s1 Health is better than riches. It is true that persons- who have been afflicted for years long for 4' § •'
pap? heaith— but not all have . enough energy to take proper treatment. Many ; have > tried various '4
|y|c . remedies without relief and have become discouraged and 'given" up all hope.' They manage to- .. x- Sri
llgll plod along the same commonplace existence of every-day life and misery — gradually losing ambition — becoming no better,-but worse Wasi
pg*| and on the gradual-incline, of. deathr, : A sick persoa should have ambition enough to accept proper treatment. A man of limited mean's f : py
f|||| who stands on the- precipice- of sickness .is. not his own. master. He is the victim of the disease that controls him. He is a slave because ilsl
Illll in bondage of fear. If death comes' the bitterest pang will be the fact that he must leave his wife and children to be ground in' the mill *¦":£-
lj<|i| of poverty. A man 'should' harken and accept' proper, treatment, especially "when it is so easily obtainable. Nearly even* person has suf- t** 3 -^
g|j9 fered.pain; yoti;have undoubtedly experienced it and know what it is.- Perhaps you remember the time when you would willingly have \0\
paid $500, if at your command, for a cure.:. There is a rcmedyrthat will cure the most obstinate cases of RHEUMATISM KIDVEY 1^P*I
W&J& and BLADDER AILMENTS. STOMACH TROUBLES, NERVOUSNESS. TIRED FEELING, FEMALE COMPLAINTS fM$
WM NEURALGIA and all BLOOD DISEASES. You, can purchase it of your druggist. The remedyis ELECTROZONE— -acombina- K~'4
|lM . tion.of the -very .elements of life. The', way cures arc effected seems marvelous. Thousands of people throughout the civilized world will- ' Ifil
Pl| . ingly testify to the qualities of this great curative. If you arc a sufferer— stop! Delay no longer; lead no life of misery— there is hope pil
H ELECTROZONE & REMEDY THAT WILL CURE YOU. B
Mam If you are weak and trembling, have unsteadiness of hand and, uneasiness, of/mind, frightened at trifles tortured by an indefinite fceline ?5^J
|^ of fear,- excited at: noise, oppressed by quietness, never at ease, but-irritable and miserable, or have headache, dizziness, tired feeling f*l
KP* .^^^^^^^ costiveriess or stomach derangement, you are greatly in need of treatment T V h J itj&S
gUJB /&Sil0^^Vwl ¦ These symptoms are nature's warnings of approachincr di^e-se and "f t Vi t A ' t&*%
" - M nourishing power. L.LE0TROZONE removes the cause of disea H ff t • * (^^
M ELECTROZONE MFG; CO.— After having yufTfre.I for five \l^° S AN ' GELES - CaL. May 13. 1533. l^^lBoyle : Sentenced.
Special - Dispatch to The Call.
SANIraFAEL, May 15.-Patrick Boyle,
the saloon-keeper, convicted of arson, was
to-Klay sentenced by Superior ; Judge' An
sellotti to serve two years ln San Quentln.
Boyle's crime was committed on the 10th
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 15.— A dramatic
climax to the proceedings against John T.
Elliott, who claims to be related to Lord
Mlnto, and Is charged with forgery, took
place this morning, when the prisoner
made an attempt on his life In the police
dock. Elliott is a brother of Sir Henry
Elliott and a scion of the house to which
the present Governor General belongs. He
ha3 had no correspondence with his
friends and his chief concern lay In con
cealing his disgrace from them. He con
fessed, when arrested, that he had made
up his mind to commit suicide, but con
cluded that such a course would only add
publicity to the matter and bring It to the
ears of his folks in England. It was the
Impression that his crime was about to be
made public that finally led to the step
which has placed his life , In Imminent
danger. •
When the case was called this morning
It was noticed that Elliotr kept his atten
tion riveted upon George Powell, who
was employed as counsel in a case which
was to be called after that of Elliott.
Mr. Powell was writing letters in the In
terim and Elliott Jumped to the conclu
sion, as he afterward confessed, that Mr.
Powell was a reporter, and that* his al
leged offense. was about to be paraded be
fore the . public. He had decided previ
ously what he would do ln certain given
circumstances, and the spectators noticed
that he began to take something from his
pocket and transfer It to his mouth. At
this point - the court mentioned that he
would call anoher witness.
Elliott replied: "What's the use? You
don't want any more. I might as well tell
you that there Is a change of venue or
dered in this case and that It will be be
fore a higher assize ln a few hours." De
tective Palmer had noticed that Elliott
appeared to be chewing- something and
accordingly asked him if It was tobacco.
"I'm chewing, but It's not tobacco," re
sponded the prisoner, and the detective's
suspicions were aroused.
Consequently the man was removed
from the dock, when It was found that
he had been deliberately chewing broken
glass ln order to destroy his life. He had
obtained a bottle in jail and this was
broken Into pieces which he had secreted
In his pocket and with which lie hoped to
circumvent the ways of justice.
Dr. Fraser was summoned to attempt to
save the life of the prisoner, but the lat
ter assured him that there was no use of
trying: to do anything, as he had read a
book on suicide and knew exactly how to
proceed- about it. The man, however, la
doing well. . .-, . '
Member of a Titled Family Charged
With Forgery and Feared Gen
eral Publicity of His
Position.
John T. Elliott Swallows
Broken Glass in a Vic
toria Courtroom.
SOUGHT DEATH
TO SHIELD HIM
FROM DISGRACE
of January last, when he set fire from
motives of revenge to his saloon, near tho
broad gauge depot, thereby endangering
the lives of twelve people sleeping in the
same building.
Plague at Melbourne.
MELBOURNE, May 13.— The first death
from bubonic plague has occurred at Bris
bane, where three fresh cases are offi
cially reported. Two cases are reported
at Rockhampton, Queensland, where
there has been one death.
PORT TOWNSBNDrrWash., May 15.-
The brig. Tanner, bound from here for
Cape Nome with a cargro of lumber, went
ashore two miles below- Point Wilson at 6
o'clock: this evening. at extreme high tide.
6he was towed to the middle of the stream
by a tug and as soon as she made sail the
tug let go and shortlj' thereafter: she
struck the beach, r A strong westwindls
'blowing-, the sea- la breaking over her and
she will be & total wreck. -rt- -V ./^- ? ,
Be a Total , Wreck.
Was Bound for Cape Nome and Will
BRIO TANNER ASHORE.
MACHINERY BUILDING IS ,.
OPENED AT EXPOSITION
Another Part of the American. Ex
hibit Now Ready for the Inspec
tion of Visitors/ • :
¦PARIS,':May 15.— The American machin
ery building in the Vlncennes annex of the
Exposition was formally opened to the
Eublic this afternoon. ¦ United , Btatea'Em
assador Porter, Commissioner , General
Peck, the American commissioners, a few
guests and Sousa's band made the trip
In a decorated • boat. The ceremony con
sisted: In- remarks made by K. E. Drake,
the superintendent; Mr. Peck and General
Porter. The blowing of whistles an
nounced that the .building .was opened and
Immediately all the machinery was start
ed. • ¦ • ¦ ' ¦' " •¦¦'. •:;'•': .r..(< . - - .\
- On returning-. the .boat stopped In front
of the German national: pavilion", the In
auguration of .which was proceeding.' Sou
sa's band serenaded the . Germans,- the
Americans landed andin : a body wore re
ceived by the German officials, who appre
ciated the delicate International compli
ment.. Sousa's band . played, selections in
front of the German pavilion. • -¦(:•-•:¦¦
Chang* . in Railway Officials,
ST.. JOSEPH, Mo... May 15.— it Is . an
nounced ¦' that Raymond ; Dupuy;'.; division
superintendent ,\ of . the 'Delaware, < Lecka
wanna: and -Western , r will 'succeed *W; "P.
Robinson Jr. - as * general' manager ;"of > the
St. 1 Joseph and Grand Islan<l, Mr.tltobln
boA • having resigned.- Mr.', Dupuy Ts well
known ln \ Western i railroad circles ; hav
ing until last September been' general su
perintendent • of 3 the ¦ Chicago ¦ Great' West
ern.'. .Mr.' Dupuy is expected to assume
charge ; of the . Grand ' Island • thia week. . •
DAUGHTER OF SPEAKER
HENDERSON QUITE ILL
Taken to a Sanitarium In Philadel
? phia, but Physicians Hope
. for a Recovery.
Special Dl»>patch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 15.-Mlss Belle
Henderson, daughter of Speaker Hender
son, has been very ill for the last month,
.bellowing the urgent advice of her physi
cian Miss Henderson was taken to a sani
tarium in Philadelphia to-day. A sojourn
of four weeks in Atlantic City failed to
Improve her health and It was dectded
several days ago to place her under the
doctor's care in Philadelphia.
Miss Henderson has devoted a great deal
of her time to music, principally vocal,
and her close application aggravated the
physical ailment from which she has been
sulfering for -a year and a half. Miss
Henderson has not participated to any
great extent . ln the social festivities of
Washington. Members of the family, are;
confident that the treatment she will re
ceive in Philadelphia will effect a perma
nent cure. . . • .
ELOPING COUPLE ' ARRESTED.
Rev. J. Brackenburg Finds His Faith
. less Wife in Spokane.
SPOKANE. May 15.— Rev., J. Bracken
burg, pastor of the Methodist Church ; at
Prosser, Wash., "arrived here , to-day with
the Sheriff of Taklma County to face; his
eloping wife. The woman came here with
a man giving the name of Fred Dingle,
and - the couple were arrested : and spent
last night' in the County-Jail.
: The police say Dingle Is Wilson, alias
George • Brown, a well-known crook, who
is .wanted here for holding up a citizen a
few months a«o. ' They ' have a* pictura
from -.the rogruesV gallery 'from : Seattle,
-which bears 'a remarkable likeness -to the
man who stole the preacher's wife.
LAST APPROPRIATION i
' BILL SENT TO SENATE
Souse Disposed of the Greater Por
tion of Its Labors and Is Nearly
Beady for Adjournment
WASHINGTON. May 15.— The House to
day sent to the Senate the last of the sen
eral appropriation bills — the Military
Academy bill— and will be ready to ad
journ as soon as the Senate disposes of
those it has not passed and the . two
houses adjust the differences ln confer
ence. To-morrow the House will take up
the bill to establish a civil government
for Alaska.
When the ses^on opened Glllett of Mas
sachusetts asked unanimous consent to
consider the Senate bill to noncorporate
the American National Red Cross. Bai
ley of Texas ln unmistakable terms an
nounced his objection. The Red Cross, he
said, was an excellent charitable organi
zation, but the bill violated sound princi
ples of government. He also Objected
when Overstreet of Indiana tried for
unanimous consent to consider a Senate
bill for the retirement as first sergeants
of the four survivors of the Lady Krank
lln Uay relief expedition. Overstreet Bald
General Greely had been rewarded with
a brigadier generalship, but the other four
Furvivors. being enlisted men, had been
dismissed from the service for disability.
FORTY PERSONS DROWNED
IN COLLISION OF BOATS
Disaster to Two Crafts Crowded With
Passengers Beturnlng Prom
. Religious Fete.
Special cable to Th» Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrtpbt, 1>00, by- th« Herald Pub
lijhlne Company.
ROME, May 15.— A collision occurred to
day between two boats on Lake VIgo as
they were returning from a religious fete
loaded with passengers. About forty per-
Eons were drowned. Thirteen were res-
Wilcox Trial Opens. t
6pec!al Dispatch to The Call. -
SANTA ROSA, May. 15.—The trial of O.
W. Wilcox,- charged with having mur
dered his wife, was begun to-day. Only
eight • Jurors were selected, and another
venire will be returned. to-morrow.. Tht;
defense will be insinlty, and a long trial
Is expected.. District Attorney Webber,
and Assistant Berry are appearing for the
prosecution and Emmet Seawell will con
duct the defense. ...
ST. LOUIS, May 15.— The distinguished
feature In the street car situation to-day
was a riot which broke out on the open
ing of the Grand avenue line of the St.
lx>uis transit system, during the progress
of which twe men were shot. At night
fall the Transit Company and Its 3600
striking employes were no nearer an ad
justment of their differences than they
were at the same time yesterday, i The
officials of the railroad company, mem
bers of the- employes' grievance commit
tee and the president of the Police Board
were in session for five hours to-day ln
an endeavor to reconcile the differences.
No agreement was arrived at and
will meet . again to-morrow af ternooiT ln
an effort to accomplish something.
The Suburban Company, pursuant . to
the agreement effected yesterday with Its
striking employes, ran on full schedule
day and night. This is the first time since
the strike began on the road that a night
schedule was maintained.
" Five lines were operated during the day
by the Transit Company, all shutting
down at dark. ¦ Very Irregular schedules
were maintained on these lines.
The trouble on the Grand avenue line
occurred at Eastern avenue about 4
o'clock. Stones and boards piled upon
the tracks . caused a blockade of a half
dozen or more cars. Each car was man
ned by a crew and six. policemen. When
the policemen got down to remove the
obstructions they were greeted by cries
of. "scab!" from a crowd of strikers. and
their sympathizers. A volley of stones
followed and in retaliation shots were
fired from several of the cars. John Flat
ley, a striking motorman, had his spine
shattered by a bullet, and Joseph Tren
dall, an onlooker, was shot in the hip.
Flatley is seriously hurt. B. B. Campbell,
a conductor, is said to have shot both
men. ;,
; A squad of flf tv to seventy-fivs police
men suppressed' the riot."
Mob Assaults a Car Crew
Who Open Fire and
Shoot Two Men.
. -
> •
Over Three Thousand Employes of
the Transit Company Still Out
and Succeed in Keeping the
Road Tied TJp.
BLOOD SHED
DURING STRIKE
AT ST. LOUIS
DENUNCIATION
OF TRE WARDNER
INVESTIGATION
President of the Western
Labor Union Attacks
the Committee.
» — —
Says It Was Organized Solely for the
Purpose of "Whitewashing" and
Will Never Beport the
Truth.
DENVER, May 15.— At the morning ses
sion of the Western Federation of Miners
Secretary-Treasurer Maher's report,
showing: in detail all . transactions during
the year, was read. The reading occu
pied two hours. '• •; ,. . • •. •
President Bolce appointed committees.
At the morning session of the .Western
Labor Union President Danial McDonald
read his • annual address • arid- appointed
committees. He spoke of the necessity of
organization and concerted action on the
part of the wage earners to solve the
problems. of the day. He said of the
Coeur d'Alene investigation at Washing
ton: .
"The committee appointed by Congress
to Investigate this horrible- affair haB
been informed far enough to* establish
thetruth of all the tales of deviltry on
the part of the national and: State-au
thorities; but as it. was organized as a
whitewash committee the general public
will never hear the truth except -that
which finds its way Into the columns, of
the reform and labor papers. We know
that since the affair at Wardner .the rich
corporations nre more arrogant than
ever. They feel that whenever working
men are disposed to assert their man
hood and resist tyranny a Government
stands ready to send hired assassins to
coerce them, and if necessary to shoot
them, or to Imprison them for months
without lawful arrest or Impartial trial:
We know this because it has been tried
at Wardner, and the scheme works to a
charm. - ¦ ' ¦ • • *¦: ' ¦«
"The struggle between labor and capi
tal has begun, and we, the people, the
producers of all the wealth, must not
chirk the fight. Liberty, fraternity,
equality - will come when men cease to
obey. the dictates of those whom, chance
and fraud have elevated."
Both the federation and the union ac
cepted an invitation to visit Cripple
Creek in a body for one day after - the
close of the Joint convention and conduct
a public meeting there under the direc
tion of the officers of the organizations;
It is the intention of the Cripple Creek
unions -to ask all the mines in the-dis
trict to close down for the day and make
the event a holiday occasion.
Thr«o Vessels I/eave Seattle for the
BOUND FOB 1T02OL
Gold Fields.
SEATTLE. Wash.. May IS.— Seattle dis
patched three more Cape Nome expedi
tions to-day. The trio, composed of the
tteamcr Corwln. formerly a United States
revenue cutter; steam schooner Fulton,
end sailing schooner Wlnslow, put to sea
to-day. Strictly speaking, none of the
vessels carried passengers though the
Cnrwin has forty people, all • of whom
fhlpped as owners or members of the
crew. She Is operated by the Corwln
Trading Company, composed of a number
at Eastern capitalists, whose purpose la
to engage ln Cape Nome mining enter
prises. The Corwin has a cargo of about
J«X> tons cf supplies and mining machinery.
The Fulton's cargo consists of 800 tons
of corrugated Iron, builders' paper ana
peneral merchandise.
The Wlnslow took a cargo of 530.000 feet
of lumber. She has besides 300 tons of
coal ar.d 200 tons of general merchandise;
also livo milch cows.
Latter Is the Well-Known California
Actress Who Was Some Time
Since Divorced From
Paul Arthur.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 15.— Mies Katherln©
Gray, actress, and "Jack"' Mason, actor,
have been married. Jersey City is said to
have been the scene of the nuptials one
day last week, but the exact day Is not
known. Both -Air. and Mrs. Mason are
reticent on the subject. Their friends ln
this city received cards to-day announc
ing that the wedding had taken place,
and that was all — no date, place, brldfts
tnsid nor best man. The cards came from
Boston, where Mason Is playing with
Daniel Frohman's etock company this
wc-ek. Mrs. Mason Is there, too.
The news spread rapidly along the Ri
alto, and there were some persons — there
always are such persons — who professed
that they had expected It all along. Oth
ers, however, and they were In majority,
expressed genuine and honest surprise.
Both Miss Gray and Mason are widely
known in the theatrical profession. Miss
Gray has been Richard Mansfield's lead-
Ing lady several times. Last winter, while
Mansfield was playing at the Garden The
ater here, she suddenly retired from his
company and soon afterward sued him
for her season's salary, alleging that he
had made her 111 and forced her to resign
by his harsh treatment. This Mansfield
emphatically denied. Later she joined
Mrs. Sarah Cowell Le Moyne's company
ln "The Greatest Thing . in the World,"
and continued to play in that piece till
the season closed recently. She has been
engaged for the summer stock company
ln Washington, and It was said last even
ing that rehearsals of that organization
had to be postponed to allow her to go
on to Boston to be married. She is a
Californian. and was at one time the wife
of Paul Arthur, an American actor who
has made a gTeat reputation as a mem
ber of George Edwards' company in Lon
don. They were divorced quite a while
ago. Mason Is at present leading man of
Daniel Frohman's stock company. He Is
a Bostonlan and comes of a wealthy and
prominent Massachusetts family. He
married Marion Manola several years ago
and for a long time they starred together
in comic opera. Then there came rumors
of trouble between them. A year or so
ago they separated entirely and a few
months ago the first Mrs. Mason secured
a divorce ln this city. ,
Former Husband of Marion
Manola Takes a New
¦Wile.
JACK MASON
IS MARRIED TO
KATHERINE GRAY
OSCAR HOCK. GRAND PRES
IDENT OP THE HERMANN
SONS.
SANTA ROSA, May 15.— The Grand
Lodg-e. of Hermann Sons In session here
to-day elected the following officers: O.
Hocks of San Francisco, president;
W. Rust of Berkeley, vice president; Otto
Guy of San Francisco, secretary; J. Mol
ler of San Francisco, treasurer; John
Jahn. E. Groetzlnger and II. Haar of San
Francisco, trustees; \V. Haas of San
Francisco, marshal; W. Jungblust of San
Jose, inside guard; J. Matzen of Liver
more, outside guard.
The Grand Lodge voted $100 for the re
lief of the Boers. The next place of meet
ing will be San Franeisco. A grand ball
conclufled the session of .the Grand Lodge
of litiO. .
WERE GIVEN
POISON BY A
CHINAMAN
Story Told by Three Italian
Children at San
Rafael.
Had Been Teasing TTfm for Candy
and Were Given a Bottle Found
Later to Contain Caustic
Potash.
Epeclal Dlepatch Xfi The Call.
BAN RAFAEL. May 15.-If their state
ments be true Lena Tafanelli. Jlgllo Taf
aneUl and Pletro Stefanl. three children
staying at the Italia Hotel on Fourth
street, were almost the victims of a das
tardly attempt made upon their lives by a
vengeful Chinaman yesterday.
Yesterday morning the three children
went oui to play, returning as usual at
noon. Shortly after the midday meal
Lena Tafanelli complained of pains. The
other t»u also cried out that their mouths
burned. On examination their mouths
were found to be blackened Inside as
though by cauFtic action. An hour later
all were vomiting and writhing in the
greatest agony. Dr. Wickman was called
in by Antone Stefani. the boy's father,
and after administering emetics, pro
nounced the children out of danger. Some
crystals contained in a bottle, found on the
elaest girl. Lena, he declared to be caustic
potash, an alkaline of similar properties
only much purer and more powerful than
lye. '
When questioned as to how they came
into possession of the bottle, Lena said
that they had teased a Chinaman for
candy and on his refusing to give it to
them had pelted him with stones. The
Chinaman retreated, but returned later
with a bottle, which he told them con
tained candy. They all ate freely of the
white crystals, but beyond a slight burn
ing, felt no ill effects till they were taken
rick. Antone Stefani, father of the boy
Metro and guardian of the two little girls,
ridicules Lena's story and says the chil
dren found the poison In a lot. Lena
Tafanelli. however, is positive ln her
story, and the tact that caustic potash is
used by laundrymen ln cases where lye
Is tco weak lends color to her tale. An
Investigation will be made.
OFFICERS ELECTED
BY HERMANN SONS
Grand Lodge Votes Money for Aid of
Boers and Adjourns to Meet
in San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May 15.— Next' Monday the
voters of San Jose must determine
whether the gang yoke will be stricKen
from their necks, or. whether the city
must run along in the same old rut, with
gang politicians dominating Its municipal
affairs. For years San, Jose has suffered
from the rule of political bosses, and hun
dreds of home-seekers have been, driven
from the city because of the expensive
ness and highhandedness of the city
officials. The citizens' committee of one
hundred : is determined this order of
things shall change, and they have ap
pealed to the voters to support their
ticket, headed by Edwards for Mayor, so
that San Jose may enjoy the boom that
is sure to follow the closing of the gup
and the completion of the coast road this
fall.
The issue of the city campaign is gang
or anti-gang, and no voter can dodge the
Issue. One must either be for progress
and a greater San Jose or else bow to
the Rea or Mackenzie forces that have so
long disrupted the schools and Fire and
Police departments. When the' voters
step to the ballot-box Monday It will.be
a battle royal between Edwards and
Martin, and everything points to the
success of the former.
Both sides have opened headquarters.
The citizens' committee has rooms in
the Knox block, while Mayor Martin has
given the gang us<j of a storeroom in his
block, the Bristol, on South Second
street. — •
The gang is making desperate efforts to
line up backsliders. Business men . are
being Importuned and even .threatened.
Precinct meetings have been Inaugurated,
and small boys and ward-heelers are
finding profitable employment as spec
tators. A long list of gang committee
men has been published, but even some
of the old standbys have left the party,
and others in the list have hastened
around to the citizens' headquarters and
announced that their names had been
used without authority.
The gang has appointed special whips to
see that the employes of the various city
departments are in line. For the past
two years members of the 1 Fire Depart
ment were compelled to work six weeks
for nothing, policemen three weeks and
school teachers and Janitors also forced
to lose some of their salaries because the
various funds were empty. All this time
Mavor Martin's eon, H. J. Martin, was
enjoving the greatest sinecure of the city
—secretary of the Police and Fire Com
mission, at $1200 per year. These people
are rebelling on taking the gang pro
gramme for fear they will have a like ex
perience the coming jear.
Nepotism 1b another one of Mayor Mar
tin's hobbies. H. T. Martin, a son, is
secretary of the Police and Fire Commis
sion; Ernest L.ton, a nephew, a Police
Commissioner; Jack Carroll, son-in-law,
is Park Commissioner; and Lion & Sons
Company, which is composed of a brother
in-law, nephews and nieces of the Mayor,
furnish the city with all school supplies.
The Edwards ticket Is made up of men
who never fought office and who are rep
resentative of business interests. It Is
non-partisan in every particular—Repub
licans. Democrats and Populists and men
of every creed -and religion combining in
an effort to free the city of gang rule.
Bankers, merchants and capitalists vouch
that Edwards will give a business admin
istration and are working for the ticket.
The citizens' committee Is makinR a
thorough eanvans of the city and the
promises received indicate a landslide for
reform.
SELECTION OF STATE
| CHAIRMAN THE ISSUE
So-Called "Anti-Boss" Element of the
Kansas Republicans Oppose Al
baugh for Re-election.
TOPEKA, Kans.. May 15.— The real is
sue in the Republican State Convention,
which will assemble here at 11 o'clock to
morrow, will be the selection of a chair
man of the State committee to succeed
Morton Albaugh. who is a candidate for
re-election. Albaugh is ldentlfled with the
Leland element of the party and Is being
vigorously opposed by the so-called anti
boss faction.
Th*re Is a contest for only one place on
the ticket— that of Congressman at large.
Charles F. Scott of Iola and D. W. Blalne
of Pratt are the candidates, * with the
chances ln favor of the former.
The antl-Leland delegates to the num
ber of 324 held a caucus this afternoon and
decided to carry the fight over the State
committee Into the convention and at
tempt to overturn the old custom of per
mitting the committee to choose its chair
man. They are, however, divided on the
issue.
It is understood that Cyrus Leland Is
not a candidate for re-election as nation
al commltteeman and it' is probable that
M. A. Low will be elected.
The resolutions will Indorse the na
tional administration In every particular
and the delegates to Philadelphia will bo
Instructed to vote for the renomination of
President McKlnley.
CANDIDATES WITHDRAW
AT KANSAS CITY
Organization and Naming of Com-
mittees Consumes the Day at
Republican Convention.*
KANSAS CITY, May 15.— The Republi
can State Convention to-day got no fur
ther ln their deliberations than to effect
a temporary organization and name com
mittees. This they accomplished at the
morning session. The afternoon session
was taken up with speech-making and a
lively fight over a motion to escort Web
ster Davis to the platform to address the
gathering.
The most Important Incident of the day
was the withdrawal from the race for
delegates at large of Major William War
ner of Kansas City, who, in answering a
call for a speech, declared emphatically
that he would not permit his name to be
used ln this connection. He understood,
he said, that his candidacy has caused
friction and this he wished to avoid.
With the added reiteration of National
Commltteeman Kerens that he would un
der no circumstances become a delegate at
larjje the fight for these honors, which la
the principal one of the convention, was
simplified. The convention will doubtless
finish Its work to-morrow. ,
Republicans of Wyoming.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., May 15.-Delegates
from* nearly every county in the Btate
are here to attend the* Republican Btate
Convention, which will be called to order
at 11 o'clock to-morrow. Six delegates and
the same number of alternates will .be
elected, and one Congressman, to succeed
F. W. . Monnell. will be nominated.'; r Mon
nelMs a. candidate for re-election and. so
far as known he has no one. In' the field
against him for the nomination. ; It Is ex
pected that the full complement of 103
delegates will be present at the opening
of the convention.
Party Names Are Laid Aside and the
Factions Are Known as the
"Gang" and the "Anti-
Issues in the San Jose
Campaign Clearly
' Defined.
CITIZENS LINE
UP TO BREAK
RING RULE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1900.
NEW I MEXICANS PEXYTEST.
Will Do All in Their Power to Defeat
the Stephens Bill.
ALBUQUERQUE. N. Mex..- May 15.— A
convention i called by Governor , Otero to
take measures to defeat the Stephens bill
now before" Congress was held In ' Albu
querque to-day. Every county in the Ter
ritory sent strong delegations. New Mexi
cans have never been so thoroughly
aroused as on the menace to their rights
contained In the bill.
A dozen of the ablest men in New Mex
ico addressed the convention. Strong reso
lutions -were adopted protesting against
the clauses of the bill which forbid the
building of dams and reservoirs and the
use of the waters of the Rio Grande In
New. Mexico beyond the amount previous
ly : appropriated. A' committee of twelve
Influential citizens of the Territory was
appointed, by Governor Otero to go to
Washington' and lay -the matter before
Congress.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Private Diseases lost Manhood *j
Varlcocele Nervous Debility |
Hrdrocele Leas of Memory • \l
Bladder Diseases \Va.<it!r.g Drains 4
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness 2
Spine Diseases Blood Poison \ m
Despondency Rupture A
Witt and Consuitatlon Free, j
Our Bank Deposit Guarantee. I
Patients may deposit the price of a cure 0
ln any San Francisco bank, to b« paid only 9
after they are well, or may pay In monthly i
Inrtnllcnents. -A
BjBdfcliiti-Estibllilnd Nearly 20 Tetri. d
731 Market St.. S. F. I
Klevator Bntrance. HOURS— Dally, 8 to 3
5; Evening*. • to 8; Sundays, 9 to U. j
HOMfc CURES. FKEh BOOK. §
|^^^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Macnetle Elastic Truss" Dr. Plerc* (it« to
the public the moat remarkable remedy erer
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hav»
be«n permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thu
Truss Is different from all others. It does tha
You can ret our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
Ing: at the office, or It will be sent on receipt ot
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
02O Market Street (Opposite Palaca Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Of flee— New York City.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mali a l
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunle be
COAX. COKB AND P13 1KOX
J. C WILSON & C0-. TSZSSSnETh.
COPPER5AUTH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. ¦ H. BLTTH. Mgr.
C W Sn 'P Pinmblnir. Steamboat and
\f IT- 3311111. ship Work a epectalty. 1« ana
IS Washington st. Telephone Main S641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS EOYES& CO.. gg n -rv,%£n"£4. m
PKt.XTlX J.
F C RIIflHF^ PRINTER.
T' l>» IIUUHEJ. m Sansomo st.. 3. F.
STATIONER AND PRINTE:*.
Telegraphic PtPTpinfiB K6 CallfornU
V- Codes. FAfilnlllUC ptreet
WflJT£ ASH STEiifl COAL, ¥£2^1^
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.; at Its QREEN
river, COLLIERIES, la the Best Coal la Um
market. Office and Yards— 130 Mala ttntt.
¦ .•-•¦" THE EMPOBrCTM. ' - j • t-- THE EMPOBIUM. ' | '"'' THIT EMPORIUM. .1 THE EMPOBTrjBL.
Knives ; . '.' *?& jff £K' ' . V i-»" J ' Millinery in conjunction
and Forks. pri ce. . 11 ' b^t* \kJr± A ** />*r s& n*^ r €£fc'-fe I J%GL Specials. with ou - «"*-
in the regular way we should bare to WwfirM H H Hft-^rasf H iaW /^B/H Mar^m season opening
charge you doubb. f ?^ fk ¦ 1 ¦Thi frMvftfiy we h ™> & fine display of elegant mid-
Silver- V " : .==t_ " ' *V summer New York
Plated . '\_JA*»'*^f^^> '¦" ¦ ' ' • -¦ ' ¦ ¦ Millinery Models, ready
Dinner * ':'¦_ ¦¦¦ ->L;,*~_V ' ~ rr " " ~ ~~ ' - ~~"" * or "wpcctlon (entiie-
Knive^ esB^"^33> "Stuttgarter" Underwear Sale lZZ£'\£s.iz : <rW
• 58C During this entire week our entire; line of Indies' Medium Weight °*%£ 6 £5££* fg^v
Embossed Pattern Electro-Plated Table Sanitary Underwear of thb famous make (the weight beat suited to gains in nntrimmed tQv>v>V
Vorks-to-day onlj.set .. this climate), at .;. ¦ : . er7 J ,vi : -^ „«-
of 6...... - .~.. *»MG '¦ "¦ JLj— M . _-, •- ¦ 7oc bunches of 6 French Ro3e9 25o
syverware Department-Rotunda. PHQ-Q^BrJCP Oft Re&iilar PHCSSm 6 "c bunches of 3 French Velvet and Silk
— . s»»bs»sb»s»ss«»ssss«»sb»»bs»s«sssssss»ssb»«»bs«s««ssss»s»ss»sss»sss»»»»s»ssss«»s«bsssssb Ro3e3, pink, red, purple, gray and blua
i ¦' — '-^-L Ladies' "Stuttgantei*" Sanitary; Wool .Uaion Suits, high neck, long sleeves, regular 25o
£jj» . $1mOO . - $3.6) to $5.6'J, according to size— this week one-quarter less than those prices. 25c bunches of 3 Bases, lavender, pink,
VV Untit*fKtlr!mt4ie* Ladje8< "StUttgarter" Sanitary Wool Ve«t» and Pa'nts, regularly. $2.45 to $3.60 per yellow, red and cerise fOo
*Jnt4GtT9KirW& parment--tMs week at one-quarter lass thin those prices. Children's Colored Leghorn HaU... .25o
¦Wj=^i< m Fg%'—n'^wm fFO*» Second Aisle— Lett of Entrance. ¦ ¦ ' .' . . ; • ¦ Ladies' Sunshade H*t3 for country GOO
ffity>\ / O-^ay 7&G . Ladies - jailor-Made Hats at one-
v^Mc^ Thft9e Ne * r -s»ik" Skirts, ; ....--....- ~ : . half off regular trice
A SST S^ tZ Mbo" f-» %£** J-. Supporters — J^***"***-
%\ \k WiU 1 " blue, doable ruffles on a «J»|f hCSOitm dere Silk Ribbons, for ItfC Fflir. • \A «Sf Off gT>-.~~l+ n 4 TT ft f«i
/fflftm deep flounce,, corded, at sashes and bat scarfs, 7 inches wide, - . „. ;f; .. .„„,„„- -M J'«-5O «#rOCWCf aot «'
•^IML ,t°P0f flunceandtop elegant R.man strbe efF3ct ? , reguhr .™* 7 ™^l™ A Spreads 98o. idho'S
M§i§m> of ruffl-s regu'arlyll value $1.60 yard - is offered at racial k,nd, and there ar 9 only 300 wi^ •.tteitiot^ta iTI .Sf-w^te
each— to- -*&— sale tO'day only, per yard.........69o pairs in this lucky "pick up" of W&Wb you. Extra fine quality White Bed-
| cfay on'y #«y<r Barg-am Tables-Main Aisle. ¦ : . oor.notion buyer, fancy rfri led f/f\\ spreads for very large beds, siza 81xS4
• — ' ¦¦¦••::.• r- ! silk elastio with l«Jt ; rabb3r f$j Vak inches," made from the best 3- p!y yarn.
Ai>f*M5lfn8 F"lS**nS1us*S* Attractive fi^tected button catenas, to.tU • heavy crochet weave and carefully
Bargains WUrnnUWG S TO f cfay only, per par. We* ..V hemmed, an unusually good $1.25 value,
for Babtes.\ Mimm and Carpets* <P. * Bar{il » Oraiitef - M »^' for to-day only, each oo
Cho ; ce of six 6tvl°s J?ir^&cC%5 iennpjs tor * -¦ •*r*p©
of Infants' Long &^ ~$j?$ Wednesday and Thursday only: Domeauc Department-Atotn'rtoor.
Slips, of dimity, ?lCr- |^& Dln'ttg Tabin— Round, solid golden l^rflPifi' Twn lnf u nt W *% + - ,, n .
cambric and nainsook, oak; hanisome fluted leg?, 6-foot, ext en- ™ Wf^* __ .° 101 . 3 at ° ar CuHailS ?2° y ard ? «' a ?<x>d
trimmed with em- WfflT^r* sion. rcgu'arlv $12- special $8.5O &GBrfS 48CmB* ln V nce3t °- Nf**S*2<r> l J° q ™' itj °/ fish o" ast
broidery or lace, price '^'M Dining Ohaii* — -Lika n^—^J7 ' ' *Vay only : "F? ' T»' CBrta ; nia 5 for S:wh
alwavs'$175 cajh— ; - cut. golden oak finish, W&&\ 100 A!!-Silk Fringed ScSrfs, solid colors and Curtamj, fuHy one yard wide, a not that
for Wednesday on<v.....$t.25 high lack, brace arms— , T7/ fancy effects, 75c and $1.00 values, to- W1 , U *2* r ™ lX and wash wall, on special
Shaker &onnetS-T?or gins; fine 2 d.-yi 85O ' // day..... 4Qo 8ale Wodnosd ay only, per yard.....
lawn. Pink or blue, regu arly 50c— sp*- SaiJeboard— Sold gold- fill Fancy Venisa Wash Net Scarf3 «not a very f^'"""^l"'; \"\."Y"^ ' Oo
cial Wednesday only- 25c en oak, with 14x24 inch JUJUM large lot, bo como quick), regular value ****"* P>P»rtm>nt-M.tm Floor.
_____¦ ¦ French plate mirror, ragn-'CSSS^ ' 75c each, fo-«lay 48c QrOCerfSS. Wednesday
larly $20— special price. .. j^— Neckwear Department-Rotund., # f^XT™ onlv for thpqJ
ThMS Oil One burner, not - ..-5/5.25 Ht i LiqUOrS. only 1 or these
*«#*> *r#*_ the ugual Bm^.j £otirocm set— Three Kj£\v" great special
OtOVG O £ G. Bize (this one pbces, fo':d golden oak. IU-- * : g% fc -«•«»# v w h °ff er i n ff 3 « which include another
measures 5x6J inches : '" ' - . 24x3) inch Fivnch plate mirror, rpjrularly •#3*I« r *lC« For lVotf- of our popular Butter Slles:
across the top) heavy*3^— 2^. i 32 50-special price $25.00 frames 43c. ?.°Hl ,HX,S? Frosh .Croamtry Butter—
castfont brass burner,- / 7r——rr Re m Si Uttt S CSitpeiS—ln ' . dinarv bargain the bS Very fine, the regular siz9 square, t>
\ length, 10 to 50 yards; fring your W=*f sK^sTLV^ Wednesday, ony
ii n'ckel frame, .measurements with you and get 25 i\, 1 If meat °f flsmish, gray, eb- «7i«""*IHrvX*r T*,*«^" 'q*iV1'V«»* m~.
re^iar i.w pri«m«l| per oastt reduction from ] \]\\ %>*!*?*¦ -'«•««'"- oS£^-f&a%*uiS&
- sp ,ciaif.r «o-rf|y.^^ 'regular prices, which means: / ' A'^.rU^'^^Ut'rl
— 65cTape 5 tri;.... 49o Ml _jg pric. 75c »cfa. to-day.. -I'.7*"L m &'i.' ! i£ p '2,""£ Bo
carving W$MM feS^pi *'° =r^i=Swg5 B z£&J!£3£E£»ss;
Cloth OM fmMfti ¦ , J^ffii1&ffLSZ!3&
work corner, all stamped in floral or **&' G "' B\ HUH- ¦«!?¦¦ •vtf&u^lDira «f^» aX n -,v A=7£*
Barcaln Table-Matn Aisle.: All This Week. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. ifThlsSle. Main FloOr-^Rear.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A GOOD COMPLEXION
Depends on Good Digestion.
Th'.s Ss almost an axiom, although us-
ually we are apt to think that cosraetlrs,
face powder*, lotions, fancy soaps, etc.,
are the secrets for securing a clear c>'.m-
-j.lexion. But ail these are simply super-
ficial assistants.
It Is impossible to hare a good complex-
ion ur.'rss the digestive organs perform
their work properly; unless the stomach
by properly digesting the food taken Into
It furnishes an abundance of pure blood,
& rood complexion Is impossible.
This Is the reason bo many ladies are
using Stuart's Dyepepsla Tablets, because
they promptly cure any stomach trouble
arid they have found out that perfect di-
gestion means a perfect complexion and
one that does not require cosmetics and
powders to enhance its beauty.
Many ladies diet themselves or deny
themselves many articles of food solely in
order to keep their complexion clear.
"When Stuart's Dyspepsia tablets are used
no such dieting is necessary; take these
tablets and eat all the good, wholesome
food you want and you need have no fear
of Indigestion nor the sallow, dull com-
plexion which nine women out of ten
have, solely because they are suffering
from some form of indigestion.
Bear ln mind that beauty proceeds from
pood health, good health results from per-
fect digestion and we have advanced the
beet argument to Induce every man and
¦woman to give this splendid remedy a
triaL '
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be found
In drug- stores and costs but 50 cents per
package.
If there Is any derangement of the
etomach or bowels they will remove It and
the rcFultant effects are good digestion,
crood health and a clear, bright complex-
ion.
DON-T PAY THE FANCY PRICES
FOR
Furniture. Carpets, Etc.
Of the We; stores before you Inspect
our LITTLE AT THE TIME PAY-
MENT PRICES.
KFtimates given on complete house
fumlsbins.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN 100 MILES
BRtLLJANT'S,
358-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Erenlnts. NEAR POWELI*
Jf^Fi'A^S&Sfna m * « i» • non-poisoooesj
«V5?2P%T'^^-/< r 'a^r fcr Goaorrhona,
. i^2«r CCBEb\« < : l"t. Spermatorrhoea*
/5?_f »n 1 u, t iujt. *;, Whites, naDttoril il»
/iTif I . n ?:r?£T* d «* r !'*r*~,. or ur luflt-nn*
R^?f ?JJL !?¦ l»oa. .irritation or ulcer*.
f*?— » p ™ reo " ««r.««^ti. tion o« do coat lueixr
IfEVfcT KttttES Chekit.m Cq tr»nra. Koo-*itriE««nt.
\jgSk CIKa "MTM.K ; Ej *"l<» by OmirriaU,
' tt "- *• >Gai ? r "¦° t ln Pl**n wrapper.
IA/. T. HESS.
E0TAST FDBLIS AHB ATTOHHET AT-LATT
Tent* Spiels BWr.
Reelflence, Kl Caitfcroia sL. below Powell.
Fan Frs-ncisco.
Weafc Men and Women
•txescta to miuu ors&aa. Depot, tn MarketFASHION HINT FROM PARK.
City. This department cannot furnish
anything beyond what has appeared in
The Call in relation to the case of George
E Klnkham, who "was court-martialed
and dismissed from the service for having
insulted an- Archbishop on one of the
transports on the. , voyage to Manila.
A QUESTION FOR A LAWTER-A. C-
R., City/ The case stated in your letter of
Inquiry is . one : that should be submitted
to -a -lawyer for 'bis advice as to 'whether
you are entitled * to any damages by rea
son of, the neglect of ; the owner of tne
place you rent. ..This department does not
advise correspondents in. the matter. of
commencing actions at law. v
POWDER WORKS-W. W. O., Wil
liams. CaL For the information you de-
Elre about the powder works named you
should address a communication to the
party you name In your letter. This de
partment does not advertise any private
enterprises. ...
THAT COURT-MARTIALS. C P..
PRIVATE NIGHT SCHOOLS-F. J. a,
Otv As this department docs not adver
tise any private enterprises It cannot give
you the addresses of private night schools.
ASYLUMS FOR INSANE-E. M. X.,
City This department cannot advertise
the addresses of nor prices charred by
g rival* asylums for the Insane In *thls
tate. , " " ¦ -
NORTHAMPTON BANK — S.. City.
Those who were concerned In the robbery
of the bank at Northampton were sen
tenced to imprisonment July IS, 1S77.
MINIXG LAWS— E. H., City. For in
formation about the mining laws of Cali
fornia call at the office of the Stato Min
ing Bureau, ferry building.
GOOD FRIDAT YEARS AGO— H- C M.,
Bodepa. Cal. Good Friday In 1SS fell on
the 4th of April.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS*
The Souih African war news is becoming monoto
nous; every t:me Roberts gets his Boer trap set it Is
discovered the Beers are not any where near where
the trap was fixed.
The Supervisors seem determined to stop freak ad
vertising in this city. It is unfortunate that the
-board does not possess the power to prevent the ad
rertiscT3tr.t of ofneial freaks.
The report from Omaha telling of hailstones "as
bi? cs baseballs" is evidently incorrect It should
have been footballs. The other thing does not do
justice to the Nebraska record.
French newspapers have again invohred cs in a
"*xt" with Germany. These Gallic journalists must
think thst we belong in the same class as our Socth
American be":gerer.t bantams.
It tr.u«t hare taken ye2rs of experience to teach the
officials of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company the
art of. Chinese cooking, but the proSt probsbly com
pe-zsstes tor rhc pains of preparation-
Spain has a crisis perhaps more serious than that
throcgh which she passed in her row with Uncle San.
The Ministry his threatened to resign and in sym
pathy the theaters have closed their doors.
The Spion Kop aSFair seerr.s to have been a bad
bcEi-ess for the British sll around. The troops suf
fered heavily in taking the kop, Roberts condemned
til the ofr.cer» who hzd anything to do with it from
Bru'cr do*ati to Thorr.eycroft, the press condemned
the War Department for publishing Roberts' letter,
asd r.ow Parliament shows signs of censuring the
oer.sors :cr garbling the original dispatches.
Tho Wires W«r« Crossed.
Hotel Man (who thinks he Is caTTTnr
down his butcher)— Say. I aa shy a heart
and a liver, eljrht ribs and a shoulder.
Now, I w&nt *em rigrht awav.
Railway Office (which has beea connect
ed by ralstakeV— Sorry, sir. hut the wreck
bA3 been cleared uj>.— Baltimore Ameri
can.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Julius Cain, a merchant of Newman, Is
at the Lick.
L. J. Wetzel. a business man of Treka,
is at the Grand.
Dr. H. L. Pace of Tnlare aad his wife
are at the Palace.
DeWltt Clary, a mining man of Stock
ton. Is at the Lick.
L. F. Moulton. a grain merchant of Oo
lusa, is at the Lick.
H. P. *«ye. a prominent resldeat »f Saa
Diego, Is at the Palace.
Paul H. Blades, a newspaper man of
Los Anceles. Is at the Lick.
Dr. A. M. Gardner of -the Nap*. Insaa«
Asylum is at the California.
Professor James E. Keeler of the Mount
Hamilton Observatory is at the Palace.
J. B. Summers, owner of a rich copper
mine at Terlngton. Xer., Is a guest at th«
Lick.
John W. Mitchell, lawyer aad politician
of Los Angeles. Is at the Palace with hla
wife.
Mr*. B. S. Rector, wife of the proprietor
of the National Hotel at Nevada City, Is
a guest at the Lick.
Robert Locke, who has been aa Asso
ciated Press correspondent la th» Philip
pines, is at the Occidental.
Robert J. Burdette. the famous writer,
and his wife came np from Pasadena yes
terday and arc at the Palace.
Captain E. B. Hayward, Lieutenant S.
P. Cottrell and Iv M. Cum of the United
States army are at the Palace on their
way home from the Philippines.
t J. B. K. Connelly, formerly editor aad
proprietor of the Columbus (Ohio) Sunday
News, Is at the Palace with his wife. They
are. touring the coast for pleasure.
Axnonr thoJLos Anselcs people who rej-
KEAT DRTVIKG MANTLE.
The mantle represented is o? slate-col
ored cloth, lined with bright mauve sa.tln,
and Is ornamented with stitched bands.
The body Is a large pelerine, very loose in
the frost.
The court Jester lay dytsr. Rocad ti«
couch were gathered these wio waited t»
hear his last wcrfis. Sa£3esly fc?s Ej*
moved as If an effort to ?p«Lk. ¦•"What la
it thou wouMst say?" they c^uerled. a.
smile crossed his wxa fAC* as he rep,2!»<5
~Walt and you will understand: Tin Just
jrettlns out a die-jest."— Tale Record.
His Last BeznJtrk.
1 — » ORF.ST fires have become so common in the
I United States that unless they be of extraor
* dinsry magnitude they arc almost unnoted oat
side the State where they occur. Thus the extant of
the annual ravage of such fires is never fully known
to the people at large, and consequently the impor
tance of forest protection is not understood.
An illustration of how large a fire may occur in
the woods of a thickly settled State without attracting
attention elsewhere is to be found in the Philadelphia
papers giving an account of forest fires around
Dubois. Perm., on May 8. Hardly anything more
than a bare mention was given of the occurrence in
the telegraphic dispatches to the country- at large,
and yet in any other land than the United States the
disaster would have been a nine days' wonder.
From the reports given in the Philadelphia Public
Ledger it appears the fire raged around Dubois all
day long. In the afternoon it ¦was augmented by a
wind amounting almost to a tornado, but fortunately
the wind brought up storm clouds, and early in the
evening a torrent of rain fell and quenched the
flames. The amount of damage was large. We are
told the flames rushed along with the wind upon the
village of Raintown and wiped it out of existence-
Three children perished in the flames and many per
sons were severely burned., At London Mines a
number of buildings occupied by the employes of the
coal and iron companies were burned. Many
houses at the village of Winterburn were consumed,
and but for a change in the wind the whole" village
would have been destroyed. All through the country
side farmhouses, barns and mills were - destroyed.
Another dispatch in the same paper and of the same
date says: "All the buildings in the village of Cor-
I bett. Porter County, Perm., were destroyed by forest
: fires this afternoon, and several persons were badly
burned. There is much anxiety among the women
regarding the safety of their husbands and sons who
are ia the lumber camps near Corbett, surrounded by
the forest fires. It is thought at least half a dozen
I persons perished in the flames."
It is with .such a widespread calamity the season
of forest fires for this year has opened in Pennsyl
vania. The destruction of buildings entails a loss of
many thousands of dollars, and there is no computing
how tnnch value has been destroyed in the woods
themselves. Yet such a disaster has received but little
attention even in the States adjoining Pennsylvania.
THE FOREST FIRE SEASON.
WASHINGTON. May 15^ — Surveyor G«a
eral Wright nzi Jola B*r=S»rhaa cf
California ar» la this city. TJst lattsa- w*3
to-raorrow witness the test ei pew6«r a*
Indian Head.
CAIJFOSNIAXS nrWASHIIffGTOX
The Merchants' Association has already on hand so
much work in the way of public improvement that it
is doubtful if it can undertake charitable work as well.
The plan of Mr. Davis; is, however, an exceptionally
good one. If carried out with proper administrative
detail it would result . in widespread benefits to the
merchants and to the charitable organizations of the
dry, and it therefore merits attentive sttidj and con
sideration. .
As a part of the plan proposed it is said the board
should have the right to exact that those who con
tribute to the fund bind themselves to subscribe only
through the relief association -to such institutions as
are placed upon its list, as otherwise the very object
of the organization would be defeated.
To avoid the evils of indiscriminate giving, while
at the same time affording more effective help where
it is needed, .Mr. Davis says: "Let a fund, to be
known as the San Francisco merchants' relief fund,
be created, this fund to be made up of self-imposed
contributions from not only the merchants of this city
but from every and all available sources. Further,
let the fund thus created be distributed among the
various philanthropic institutions of our city and
county, according to their merits and interests; and,
finally, a competent board of directors should be se
lected to take charge of this work— men who will not
alone direct the distribution of the fund, but who will
devote the time necessary properly to carry on such a
work. A plan of administration will naturally develop
as the work progresses, and the fund at the disposal
of the board should increase as its efficiency and in
fluence widen." ~
n NDREW M. DAVIS contributes to the enr
/ \ rent number of the Merchants' Association
* ¦¦ Review an interesting plan by which the asso
ciation can be made a potent helper in the work of
charity and the members relieved from much of the
importunate demand upon them for contributions to
all sorts of philanthropic schemes, many of which arc
philanthropic in name only and hardly worthy of
he'p.
It is pointed out 'that we have in San Francisco
"a generous public, which in a benevolent and un
inquiring way pours thousands of "dollars annually
into outstretched hands." The merchant is the
shining mark for every appeal; and, as Mr. Davis
says: "So confidently is he expected to subscribe to
every cause — good, bad or • indifferent — that he
scarcely feels himself free to refuse. He knows that
a certain amount of fraud and imposition is practiced
upon him, but being in no position to make investi
gations he gives mechanically, indifferently, and often
against the dictates of his better judgment"
e MERCHANTS* RELIEF FUND.
The Secretary of the Treasury has been asked to
supply full information in reference to the methods
err.pJoyed to enforce the exclusion laws. This ought
to give Collector Jackson an opportunity to demand
that investigation which he sought.
Fiasdseo Is at the v»?-v«t*«i TT JX
Barrett of OaV.anJ Is at th» Esplrm.
XI7W "FORK. 2ffay 25.—?. B. Ha ef Saa
CALTFOBNIAJTS I2J 2TEW TOBK.
One of our local pastors is going East to study the
results of systemized charity. He is evidently one of
those who do not believe the greatest of virtues be
gins at home.
Mr. Morrison's trip to the coast was out
of the regrular order, as he came around
the Horn from New York in a sailing
vessel. He took this course for relaxa
ation and the benefit of his health, and
the experiment was highly successful. He
is apparently rejuvenated, and appears
to be several years younger than when
he was last here.
In speaking of the outlook for the com
ing season in theatricals Mr. Morrison
prophesies a year of prosperity. He says
all of the Eastern theaters are doing a
good business, and the demand for high
class attractions is greater than the sup
ply. Mr. Morrison Btlll cllngrs to the idea
that he will live to see the day when the
old school of acting will regain Its hold
upon the community, and tragedy will
agrain forge to the iront and assert Its
dignified rights in pUydoxn.
Mr Morrison has fitted for himself an
elegint residence In this city, and will
make San Francisco his home during the
next year, with his charming wife, "Miss
Florence Roberts." This estimable young
artist will begin her starring engagement
It the Alcaxar the early part of next
month, opening In "8appho. which is
now In course of preparation at that.the
ater. This is the play which Olga. Ncth
er&ole presented in New York and which
was suppressed by the authorities on the
ground that it was detrimental to public
m john S " Drew. In his newest and most
successful play,- "The Tyranny of Tears,
will be seen at the Columbia Theater
Monday evening next. The cast and
production will be identical witu those
seen at the Empire Theater, New "iork
Citv during the run of the play, which
began with the opening of the Present
season and was continued until the first
of the vear. though the original booking
was for ten weeks only. The advance
sale of Beats begins Thursday morning.
f? EWIS MORRISON, the venerable
Shakesperean delineator, who as
jj Mephisto in "Faust* has earned a
*¦ reputation second to none who is
now playing the part, has arrived In San
Francisco from the East, hale and
hearty, after a successful season on the
road.
LEWIS MORRISON
ROUNDS THE HORN
Miss Annie Pickle, who has been vtea
cfrrapher in the cf2ce of Assistant General
Passenger Apent DcnsJdlson cf the South
em Padfla Company, sailed far Nome ca
the steamer Senator to try her fortxine la
the rold fields.
Colonel Stunner Snyder of the Xlse
teenth Infantry, Colonel John "W. Krench
cf the Twenty-second Infantry and! Colo
nel Jacob Kline cf the Twesty-ftrst In
fantry »r» registered at the Occidental.
Professor F". V. KUder of "Washington,
who has spent several months In the Phil
ippines In the Interests of the Smithsonian
Institution, retumecl on tha Thcmas aad is
at the Occidental.
!ster«d yesterday at the Palace are: E. I*.
Doheny. the "Ofl King"; E. T. Earl, the
big fruit shipper; Dr. H. Smith and G. A.
Smith.
ILLINOIS has j"st had an experience in Republi
can politics which should teach and exhort.
Ch.ia.go, Cook County, has a delegation of 5&0
members in the Illinois Republican State Convention.
A boss, three bosses, in fact, a sort of federation cf
bo5?es, gave notice thst they would deliver this dele
gation £t the Feoria convention to Judge Hanecy for
Governor, snd would also cse it for other purposes,
more or 3e-s profitable snd interesting.
The Republican press of Chicago at once pointed
C"\ xhzt if this boss business ruled the State conven
ticn. the place o: Illinois in the Republican column
would be in jeopardy. Reputable- ir:en:bers of the
party, desirous of its success, took up the matter,
with the resui: that the federated bosses were whole
iomdjr uhipped cut of the-r boots. Judge Yates was
7 - in2tcd tor Governor, and the pernicious para
site* who had fastened upon the pany were as com
plete-}- clrased out as a colony of cottony cushion
Kale :? by the Veda^ia Austral:?. In other Eastern
States there is the same wholesome indication that the
Republican party is resentir.g exposure on the auction
block this year, for sale to the highest bidder by any
bc^s or combination of bosses.
This is we"! for the party everywhere, and it will bs
we:I for it in California if the Sacrarrjemo convention
reed the sigr.s of the times and stand up for the inde
pendence and manhood of the organization. It is
hardly worth while to sacrifice a national victory to
please a few putrid bosses, •whose reputation is spumy
with the s'.ime of thie slums oi city politics. Such
men do net make party issues nor secure party sac
cess any more than ticks on a cow give milk like the
crecture they torment by burrowing in her hide.
The Republican party will not permit parasites to
thrive on it. It does its business in the open. It is
the pecp!e, who have nothing to conceal and have at
bean the doing of real service to the country. Calt
forr:ia Republicans won a conspicuous victory in the
Leg-islarure. which sent the bosses to the rear, when
Senator Bard was elected. That act was worth 20.000
votes in this State. The Sacramento convention
shou'd rot throw them away by subjecting itself to the
bosses who were repudiated and rejected only a few
months ago.
Let it be inspired by the example of Illinois, and
go fcrward straigfctJy in the high path of that public
(decency which has ever characterized the party since
its foundation, and when November comes it will get
its regard.
BOSSES OVERTHROWN
The early Christians knew that no human being could be
perfectly good, and yet they believed that perfection was re
quired of them. Hence a redeemer who could impart to them
his goodness was necessary. With the wider outlook which we
have to-day we see that such a miraculous intervention Is
not needed. Our idea of perfection has been modified by the
discovery of the laws of human development. Just as we per
ceive that It Is nearer to the truth to believe In a boundless In
stead of a narrow world, so also we accept the idea of progress
and character culture. In short, a new temper of mind has
been created, which Is unfavorable to the acceptance of the
old dogmas.
Many are unable from some sentimental reasons to give
up the old beliefs, even though they have accepted the new
For instance, the orthodox doctrine of a redeemer rests
upon the assumption that a man must be perfectly good In
order to be acceptable to his Maker. This doctrine implies
that a man is either altogether good or not good at all. It is
plainly contrary to the modern idea of development, which
teaches that the Impossible is not required of us. Absolute
perfection Is unattainable, but we know that the road to per
fection lies open and that if we would be men in the highest
sense we must travel it.
and we perish. Underneath our feet still blaxe the eternal
fires that were kindled when this earth lay on the bosom of its
parent sun. Above our heads we can see the unending array
of young worlds and old worlds and dead worlds.
This new conception of the earth does not logically contra
dict the old dogmatic beliefs, but it creates an attitude of
mind unfavorable to them.
X the light of the new astronomy our earth has dwindled."
I We have learned that we live on the outer shell 4 of a little
globe, which is but a mere speck of dust amid the infinities,
not as we formerly supposed the center of the universe. We
pigmies dwell in a few protected nooks of this outer shell
of the earth. A little too much heat or a little too much cold
There Is an Intrinsic Caw In the mlnfi which win not allow
us to conceive of Infinity. We cannot Imagine what an infinite
b«lng is. We cannot think of a God like us. and therefore we
cannot In any adequate sense take an Infinite being as a pat
tern. Man cannot be godlike; but he can- feel that he Is sus
ceptible to influences that come from a divine source. More
and more we are learning to rely upon htnnan effort and not
upon miraculous Interference. We depend upon the development
of our own Ideas and powers, not upon any especial revelation
or Imputed righteousness
We cannot get sufficient help In our polltlc&l or conjugal cr
industrial duties from the teaching of the New Testament. The
doctrine of brotherly love In the abstract Is not enough. The
whole social problem is how to properly apply the principles of
brotherhood. How shall love express Itself? That is the crccial
Question.
We must constantly b« prepared to receive new Ideas asd ea
tertaln new outlooks. The contribution which Jevss mada to
the moral teachings of the world Is Invaluable, bet It Is not
final. There 1> room on the ethical tre« for a higher branch.
What we must hare Is a clear, rational basis for car good
ness. It Is cot true that the deed is Independent of the creed.
Every false idea we bold materially aSects oar conduct.
But In the latter OM'ths dogmas ar* only test la th»
background, not abandoned. Again, ths rs&lstera of too ta&ny
churches take their Ideas of good from tha mere vsrfaea of
things. They preach socialism to-day aad Imperialism to
morrow. In fact, the pulpit tends to become la too mux7
cases Just the echo of the newspaper.
TVe are told by Dr. Brlggs that the great aim Is to reeoa
dl« science and religion. Bet Is this readjustment possible to
religion as traditionally delivered?
teaching of astronomy and biology. Oth«r» draw a eurtara
over the dogmas and declare that actloa is znor* lsi?ortas*
than belief.
Is Orthodox Christianity Declining?
By Felix Adler.
Sooner or later that issue will have to be met It
•comes to the front at every step taken toward tele
phone regulation. There seems but one way to deal
with it effectively, and that is "to so amend the city
charter as to give the Supervisors authority to regu
late telephone corporations in the same manner that
other corporations controlling and operating public
utilities are operated. It is fortunate for the people
that the various questions growing out of the exac
tions and the tax-shirking of the telephone corpora
tion have been brought to an issue on the eve of a
State election, as the election renders it possible for
the people to deal with them promptly and conclu
sively. In all parts of the Union the extortions and
inadequate sen-ice of the telephone corporations have
aroused public indignation, and efforts are being mads
in all progressive communities to protect the public
rights. It is an issue which must be settled, and the
Supervisors are doing good service in striving to
bring about reform of telephone abuses in this ci>y.
In taking this step the Supervisors were met by the
old cry that the reform would entail further expense
on the part of the corporation and that it would re
sult in an increased charge upon the patrons of the
line. The suggestion that such would be the effect
of the ordinance was made by Supervisor Branden
stein. It is a repetition of the assertion made by an
official of the corporation in another connection, that
any increase of expense would be "put in the bill."
An excessive number of telephone instruments
upon any one line works a wrong not only to the
parties whose instruments are on the line, but to all
the patrons of the company, for frequently those who
have an exclusive line find it impossible to get the
desired switch on the party line because it is occu
pied by one of its numerous connections. The meas
ure, therefore, promises to remedy one of the abuses
of the corporation, zsid may be expected to prove
highly beneficial to the public
ANOTHER step in the direction of telephone
regulation was taken by the Board of Super
visors on Monday in passing to print Super
visor McCarthy's ordinance providing that no person
or company engaged in supplying a telephone ser
vice to the city or its inhabitants shall maintain more
than five telephone instruments upon any one party
line. The intent of the ordinance is to compel the
corporation to give a service commensurate with the
prices charged, and is fully justified by the unfair
manner in which the company now carries on its
TELEPHONE REGULATIONS.
Although Quay lost his seat in the Senate, the re
cent Republican State Convention in Pennsylvania
gave him laudation enough to console him and make
his foes in that State feel like thirty cents.
g&e -dgglfe* gall.
WEDNESDAY MAY 16. 19M
JCHN D. SFRECKELS. Propnetor.
*cdr«» t.\> Crrr.municevons to W. S. LLAKt V.mzrs'
riUUCATIOS OFFICE..M»rk»t •«* TUlrd. S. F.
Trlrphoir Mala lStW
EDITORIAL ROOM5....«T l« Ml Steven*©* St.
Telephone Main 1*74.
Deln-eT-e-d »»T riuil«r< 13 Cmt« Vrr We»te.
«lrtl' Coplea. 5 Cent*.
Term* *»r Matt. larlndtnr ro«far*t
C? 't-T CALL •xzn'iai.lT.e 5cr.iS«r>. coe y*«r SW
J3ATT-T CAlX. <lne'adJr« So»a«r). « month* S.**5
ZXAILT CALL Ccclvfiir* Suaeaj-). » =enti>» 1.59
r»:uT call-S: 6icx'.« iic^-.a «Si
eCNDAT CALL Ore Ynr I.M
VTiCKLT CALL Os« T»*r >C0
4.U po«o.«tfr» «f» aatharltrd to receive
• nt-crlptlOBl.
£&zs;le cc-p'-r* • -*.*'r. A .»i Trbea r?cue*t»&.
OAKLAAU OFFICE. ........... .1119 Droiiinn)
C. GEORGE KROGSESS.
Vt-Z£er Foreign Advertising, i'erquette Building, Chicago.
(L.tt r-.tlaz.rr Telephone "Central MU."I
KTTV TCRK COKHESPOXDEXT:
C C. CARLTCN Herald Square
STEPHEN B. SV.17H _ 3D Tribune Building
CHICAGO NKWS STAXTJS:
Ckensas Hoe»«: J*- O. Nrn C&; Great Korllserc Hct:*:
rr»a>cci Ua^iae: Autfltcrtom Hci*L
NETV TOKK NEWS STAXDS:
W'i:- - — -a i:-t -i. lictei. A. Breataao. 21 Union Sauar*:
ifft— my Hill BotcL -T-V...
WASHINGTON (D- C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote*
VCRTCN E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— IZ7 Mcntsorcerr. eerier of Clay. cp*n
cstll S JSo'c'ock. VX H*r^s. ccen until >:S0 o'clrck. 619
McAllister, cpen csiil S:2D o'clock. CI Lark'.a. open until
*:3C o'clock. XM1 Mlrsicu. cp«o unt'.l 1C v'dock. It£l Market,
ccrcer £:xt**=th. cren cr.ti! S o'clock. JCS6 Valencia, open
xzszV. * o'clock. Y.1 Eleventh. cj*a until S o" clock. N~VT. cor
r.w Twenty-?^ccr.4 and Kentucky. oj>ea until S o'clock.
All other issues are really side issues, except finance
and protection. Bryan raises them to get votes. If
he get power he cannot affect the South African
struggle prosecuted by "our best friend," according
to Dewey, nor can he under his theory disentangle
the PhJI-ppjne matter. All that he can do is to get
out his hammer and smash our financial system.
That is what he intends to do, and the purpose of the
"thrill*' which is to shake every railroad right of way
as he pass-es is to make people forget his real purpose.
His more frank supporters, like Colonel Patterson
of Colorado, declare, however, that his power over
Cer.cre?s will be supreme, and that the free silver
ir.an of Colorado who falters in the support of Bryan
is a traitor to his State.
The real purpose of Colonel Bryan is to get power
to accomplish the financial vagaries of the Chicago
platform. He recurs to those propositions as per
sistently as Mr. Dick did to the head of Charles I.
Even his supporters plead for him that the recent gold
standard bill cannot be disturbed, and therefore
Colonel Bryan cannot do the harm which he intends.
Surely it is a novel plea for a candidate, that he will
not be able to destroy the financial integrity of the
country because he is prevented by a law that he will
not be able to repeal!
The suggestion by a member of Colonel Bryan's
ccrr.mittee of such a combination is, after all, evi
dence of the straining for effect and reaching out for
some expedient which will make the Presidential elec
tion go off on something besides the principle in
volved.
The proof of the political pudding is in chewing the
string. But here is a string that has anti-expansion
and Angiophobia at one end, and expansion and
Anglomania at the ether. The pudding will be of un
certain character, as if it were a mixture of plum and
that dark link and toothsome known in the market
place as "blutwursL"'
Again, when Colonel Bryan stands on that well
worn car platform and with uplifted eye and voice
that fearlessly soars or. an oratorical trapeze, without
even such a safety appliance as a parachute, with
tremolo stop pulled out and his face shining with
prophetic fervor, discloses all about that "notorious
secret treaty with Great Britain," the public forgettery
v ill be called into action for a still more serious duty.
During his still swinging swing around the circle
Admiral Dewey sat at the banquet board with the
University Club in St. Louis. He was led to talk
a£out our superiority as a fighting nation, and after
telling how we could knock the spots oft various na
tions, in a moment of sublimated enthusiasm he said:
"We can whip any nation in the world except Eng
land, and England is our best friend."
It may be that the Senator relies upon a thrill so
thrilling that it will take no thought for these things,
but will thrill a hole right through the record and
stop st nothing.
No doubt it would make the circus season a failure
by its competition, and would reduce attendance at
county fairs below the premium-paying point. There
are some things that would have to be forgotten,
however, or the splendor of the thrill will bleach.
While Bryan is making the anti-expansion section of
his widely known and justly celebrated speech
the crowd will have to forget that Dewey
signed the report of the first Philippine Com
mission and advocated nailing the flag to
the Philippines with a big, big nail. The people who
do the thrilling will also have to forget that the Vice
President has the casting vote in the Senate, and in
the event of a tie on the subject of nailing flags to
islands' would he vote for the hammer and the ten
penny, or for packing the flag in camphor and bring
ing it home again from a foreign shore?
RECENTLY one of the Bryan steering commit
tee — we believe it was either Senator Tillman
or Senator Jones— advocated the nomination of-
Admiral Dewey for the Vice Presidency, to run with
Bryan. He declared it would make a hurrah cam
paign from start to finish, with interest unabated
from ratification to inauguration. With his mind's
eye he gazed upon the resplendent spectacle, and,
rising to rhapsody, exclaimed: "Imagine it! Bryan
and Dewey touring the country from ocean to ocean;
both appearing on the car platform, and Bryan thrill
ing the people with his oratory, while his hand rested
on the shoulder of the hero. of Manila Bay."
FROA\ THE CAR PLATFORM.
Our season for forest fires has not yet come, but
in due time it will be here. Then we shall have again
as we have had for years past fire after fire sweep
ing over thousands of acres, and the people beyond
our borders will be as indifferent to them as we have
been to the fires in Pennsylvania. It is clear that
nothing but a persistent agitation, a campaign of in
struction carried on continuously for. a long time to
come, will convince the American people that they
have no right to boast themselves of economy and
thrift, and hardly any right to call themselves civil
ized, until they devise some means of putting a stop
to the yearly waste of these destructive conflagrations:
It is probable the fires we have noted have cost Penn
sylvania more than would have been required to pay
for protecting the forests of the whole. State for a
5-ear. California will doubtless have almost as dis
astrous an experience before the next rainy season
begins. When will we learn wisdom from these
lessons?
We have here, therefore, a striking illustration of the
carelessness and indifference of the American people
to one of the most serious evils that "affect the coun
try. There is hardly any sort of occurrence to which
more attention and study- should be given than to
these fires, for the destruction of our woods means
not only a present monetary loss, but it means a
menace to the welfare of future generations.
HE WOlSPT BE HAPPY TILL HE GETS IT.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CAIL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1900.
6
Renor« tb« came* that akk* yucr hair Cfa>
Irss aad tray Ttth Parker's Hair '"-''-¦-n
Elztdereorna. U>e best csr* ror coma. IS eta.
ADVEBTISESLEXT.S.
has taught us how to make the
best Emulsion in the world;
Experience has proved that
this Emulsion is worthy of
entire confidence. There
arc many imitations of
and all kinds of substitutes for it ;
but none equal it. If your doctor
recommends you to take Cod-Liver
OH, or you know yourself that vou
need it, get SCOTT'S EMULSION ;
it is the best Cod-liver Ofl in the
best form.
If rre hadjtstrr address we would teed
rou a sample and a pamphlet telliag
more about it.
we. *M f ».*<k «n A»o.<«*a,
SCOTT « EOw.Nt, 4( f pcariSfc. N«w Tar*.
Special iaxorciatloa n^rpUed £aOy t*
business houses tai pcbllc zaea by t«»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), S» Most-
Comery street. Telephone Haln 10*2. •
CaL flac* frdt »e per Ib atTowrsead"a.«
AUCTION SAIVFS.
I?r a. \T. Lou5erberk— Th'.s day. at 11 a. s. aad I p. ta..
Perns. R_f«. at corner Oery and Ptcvckten ttrefts.
AJUrSFTiTENTS.
Crlurr.fc'.a— "Tb« Evil Eye."
TlroU-The WlranJ at the NT-e."
Grasd Opera-house— "The La£y SHav^r.
Alcasar — "ilalrter cf Wool Barrow."
California— "JLa A=ericaa Gtixta."
Orrteusi— Vasfieville.
CT.ysEria. corner Mascs aufi ESiy streets— Specialties.
Ctutr*, Zoi *.:._ Theater— Vauieviiie tv*ry aTtemooa esil
eve :«=«•.
Kiscfcer'e Csrc«rt Hcus* — "Tanst."
Kar? Ccrr.rasr Cc^rtrt Hall— Vtoi5erll!e.
f-.tro E*i!:*— Open c!ft:s en as3 after SAturfiaT. May IS.In the IHvorce Court.
Barbara. Fallon.was granted a dlvorc«
from Thomas Fallon yesterday on;th<
ground of extreme cruelty. - Elizabeth
Chadwick has been granted' a dlvorc*
from Charles « Chadwick on ; the ,- ground
of desertion.* Anna 8." Anderson has euec
Swan Anderson for divorce, alleging fail
ure to provide. !t ¦¦•.-";¦-• -__ .. , ¦_
PAULINE J. GOLDMAN
SECURES A DIVORCE
by Judge Bahrs on Ground of
Cruelty.
Decree Grants d the Young W<
,PaulIne J. Goldman, whose name was
associated with that of Lee Johnson, the
well known coon song writer, In a suit
filed last Saturday, was granted a divorce
from her husband. Max B. Goldman, by
Judge Bahrs yesterday on the ground of
cruelty. Mrs. Goldman testified that her
husband struck her on two occasions and
abused her otherwise.
Mrs. Minnie ' Barasch, the. young
woman's mother, corroborated her state
ments, after nwhlch the court entered the
decree. The plaintiff was allowed to re
sumo her maiden name, Barasch. Mr.'
Goldman announced last evening that he
would attempt to have the case reopened
on the ground that he waa taken by sur
prise, and that his charge of unfaithful
ness against his former wife may be
heard. , '¦¦-'¦• ,
A DESERTED WIFE
IS DRIVEN INSANE
Mrs. Mary Schilfka in a Padded Call
and Her Children in an ¦
Orphan Asylum.
Mrs. Mary Schilfka, 39 Boardman place
was deserted by her husband, Joseph, £
laborer, about three weeks ago. Slnc<
then she has been doing odd Jobs among
the neighbors to keep herself and her twe
children — Annie, 6 years of age, and Jo
seph, 4, from starving. Her husband's de
sertion so preyed on her mind that 8h«
became insane.
The police were notified yesterday by the
neighbors of- her strange conduct and
Officer Callaghan wfts sent to Investigate.
He found the woman in an ugly mood.
When he attempted to arrest her she
seized a pair of shears and attacked him.
He grappled •with her and cut his hand
while forcing the shears from her.
She was taken to the insane ward In the
Receiving Hospital. The two children
were pent to the City Prison, but later
were taken to Mount St. Joseph Orphan
Aaylurn by Officer Coleman of the Pacific
Coast Society* for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children.
! Sailors are very scarce and "blood
money" is once more being paid. It is ex
! peeled that three British ships that cams
: down from Port Costa this week will hav<
\ to lay ln the Btreara a long time and thai
! the captains will have to pay $40 a mar
in order to secure a crew. There Is there
, fore likely to be some shanghaiing befon
\ many moons.
safa to Bay that barely a <Jay will pass
without one or mere craft getting away
for the new El Dorado.
Over a thousand gold hunters left hero
yesterday. The first vessel to get away
was the ex-traneport Ohio. She was
crowded with passengers and there was
hardly standing room on Steuart-s=treet
wharf for an hour before the steamer
pulled Into the etream. Ail sorts and con
ditions of men and not a few women were
there. The man who carried a few thou
eands In his pocket! to invest in the mines
was "hail feilow well met" with the man
whose whole fortune consisted of his
knapeack. Tet the roan with the knap
sack had as many friends down to fee
him away as tbe man with the small for
tune ln his pockets, while the farewell
to the man with the knape&ck waa ln
nearly ©very instance most pathetic. To
the roan with "the sack" It was "Well,
food-by. old man. I hop« you'll com«
ack with a million." Around the neck
cf the men with the knapsack hung
Scenes at the Sailing of the Nome Fleet.
women and children and in nearly every
Instance It was "Come back safe. Never
mind the money."
The Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Rainier was supposed to be the
first to get away, but It was hours after
her advertised sailing time before she
could make a start. The vessel was
splendidly stowed and everything was In
'"apple pie order" at noon, but during
the afternoon considerable freight came
down and It had to be got aboard. Be
sides her general cargo the Rainier takes
over thirty head of horses, all of which
will be worth their weight in'gDld at
Nome. The accommodation on the smart
little steamer Is limited, but still she man
aged to take away about a hundred pas
sengers.
Among those who went away on the Rai
nier were Tom Eager and Joe Hocker,
l-*nited States Inspectors of Customs. Joe
and Tom are not In search of a fortune
at Nome nor are they going there for their
health. Eoth of them assert that they are
going north on their own private business,
but the chances are that there will be
pome arrests for smuggling and a claim
against the owners of British vessels for
landing merchandise at an American port
without a permit after the arrival of
the two Inspectors in Anvil City.
Harry Johnston, an ex-Custom-house
broker, also went north on the Rainier.
Harry has some good claims at Nome and
all his friends hope he will make a good
EtaJce. The Merry brothers. F. C. Bell.
C. K. Malcom and S. Moody were aleo
among those who left for the gold fields.
The last of the fleet to get away was
the Luella from Mission-street wharf. Her
limit was about a hundred passengers and
around abotot sailing- time men were offer
ing $150 and $300 for a chance to get away
on her. Not a man could be found who
would give up his berth for three times
, wha t it cost him, so the gold hunters
left behind had to seek transportation
somewhere else. Every vessel on the berth
is crowded to her full capacity and the
chances are that thousands of people who
want to reach Nome this season will be
unable to do so because there are not
enough ships to carry them.
Water Front Notes.
The horse transport Flintshire sailed
yesterday for Manila. She carried a large
cargo of commissary supplies, fifty mules
and four horses for General MacArthur
t>he will be followed at noon to-day by the
transport Logan. The latter vessel will
also carry a large cargo of supplies and
about 600 recruits, besides a number of
surgeons and nurses.
The Italian bark Precursor© has sailed
at last for Europe with a cargo of lum
ber. The vessel has been ln the stream
for nearly five weeks. As the captain
could not pay his bills the creditors would
not let the vessel leave. The captain
made the mistake of sending all his freight
money home to Italy and when his bills
came ln he had not a cent with which to
meet them. The agents of the vessel had
to advance the money ln order to get the
PrecurBore away.
There Is still no news from the overdue
Dominion and reinsurance men are look
tng askance at the risk. The utory that
Captain Jarneberg sold -the old bark In
Sydney.-N. 8. W., about four years ago
and never accounted for -the money is de
nied by the captain's friends. A man
who examined the records ln Sydney says
that after court and other expenses were
paid there was not enough left to pay
Captain Jarneberg his wages and instead
of mm owing: the ship money the owners
are Indebted to him for a month's pay, ,
Over Thousand
Gold - Hunters
Left Yesterday
on Vessels Sail
ing From Here.
Customs Inspec
tors Go North
to Keep Look
out for Illegal
Shipping;
THE rush to Nome and the adjacent
gold fields may now be said to have
Ji fairly set in. Three steamers laden
with passengers got away yesterday,
two more are scheduled to sail to-day and
frcra cow on until the end of June It Is
RUSH TO CAPE NOM.E GOLD
FIELDS NOW WELL UNDER WAY
COUNTY CLERK'S
MEN WILL FIGHT
nvii sfrvicf
UIIIL ULillluL
File Suit to EDj'oin Commis
sion From Holding
Examinations.
Claim That the Charter Provision
Creating the Board Is Unconsti
tutional and Interferes With
Public Business.
Another attack was made yesterday on
the leg-allty of the Civil Service Commis
sion. Suit was filed by A. C. Bauer
against John E. Qulnn, P. H. McCarthy
and J. Richard Freud, who constitute the
commission, to restrain them from "pro
ceeding ¦with further competitive exami
nations or from in "any way Interfering
with the public business of any office or
department of the city and county, or
with the public acts or Incumbency of any
officer therein employed."
Although the suit will directly affect all
employes over whom the commission now
assumes authority, it was filed for the
purpose of protecting those employes in
the County Clerk's office whom the com
mission Is preparing to remove from of
fice.
After dealing with the manner of the
appointment of the members of the com
mission by Mayor Phelan. direct attack
is made in the complaint on the constitu
tionality of that body. It is alleged that
the Commissioners threaten, and unless
restrained will proceed, to molest, harass,
annoy and disturb certain copyists who
are the lawful and actual Incumbents ln
that capacity in the office of the County
Clerk and to assail, question and bring
Into dispute and Uncertainty the validity
of the public acts of the incumbents, af
fecting the liberty and property of the
citizens of this city and county. On the
assertion that such acts would be Illegal
and in violation of the constitution, and If
allowed to proceed the Commissioners
would cause Illegal charges to be made
apalnst the treasury, a perpetual Injunc
tion, forever restraining the board Irom
further action, is demanded.
DAY OF PLEASURE FOR
RAILROAD FREIGHT MEN
Southern Pacific Employes Arrange
for -a Picnic Decoration Day
at Fairfax.
Invitations have been Issued for the
seventh annual picnic of the employes of
the Southern Pacific Company's I ocal
freight department to be held May 30 at
Fairfax Park. Following are the com
mittees:
Manager of affairs— L. • H. Fortune.
-Committee of arrangements— 3. R. Chappel
(honorary chairman). \V. J. Hardy (chairman).
Ll E Myers. W. T. P»rklns, O. J. Strong. A.
W. Marshel, William E. Tracy. A. J. Kaaten,
John Edwards. H. T. Gripps, R. V. McAUin
te. C. A. Muller.
Reception committee— W. J. Murray (chair
man), C. L. Herbst. R. H. Abbctt. F. O. Law.
J. C. Klr.delon. R. F. Thompson, E. D. Car
penter Con. Cullen. O. G. Drown, G. A. Jack
ecn, E. J. Root, C. D. Bunnell. E. N. Merjuire,
C. H. Wllment. H. B. Partrt<l R e. M. A Gard
ner. H. J. Senter, A. W. Cbalker. J. M.
Committee on sames-A. E. Pinching (chair
man), II. A. CahaJan. T. J. Horan. G. \\.
Pean L R. Tucker, R. B. Cameron, J. \\.
Souther. W. L. Frier, C. F. Arnold.
floor committee— D. T. Berry, floor manager;
F. a. Burkhart. assistant floor manager.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
Major W. L. Pitcher, Eighth Infantry,
has been assigned to duty as provost
marshal and supervisor of police In the
city of Havana.
Major J. F. Stretch. Eighth Infantry,
has been announced as paymaster In
charge of the island funds appropriated
for civil purposes ln the city of Havana.
Major W. C. Gorgas, surgeon. United
States army, has been assigned to duty
as chief sanitary officer of the city of
"colonel C. C. C. Carr. Fourth Cavalry
and First Lieutenant F. W. Alstaetter of
the Engineer Corps, with seventeen medi
cal officers and the casual detachment at
the Presidio, will sail on the Logan to-
a First Lieutenant Arthur F. Ferguson.
Thirty-sixth Infantry, has been ordered
to the casual detachment at the Presidio.
This officer ls» just recovering from sev
eral severe wounds which he received
while engaged at the front.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Enders and
Baily will not leave until about June 1,
their orders having been changed. Acting
Assistant Surgeon John J. Repettl haw
received rush orders to proceed on board
the Logan.
Cable Information received at military
headquarters states that the Mead, with
General Otis and his staff on board, left
Nagasaki last Sunday.
HORSESHDERS TO
BE DEPRIVED Of
PRIVATE SNAPS
Judge Cook ordered a writ of mandate
Issued yesterday compelling the Board of.
Fire Commissioners to advertise for bids
for shoeing the department's horses and
to award contracts for the same to the
lowest bidder. The Judge found author
ity for the Issuance of the order in ques
tion in the charter, -which provides that
all contracts for supplies must be award
ed upon bids duly advertised for and not
upon nrivate agreements. In the opin
ion of the court "horseshoeing" is in
cluded in the word "supplies." and hence
must be included in the- advertisements
for bids. -
Several weeks- ago Frank Frisbee ap
plied for a writ of mandate to compel the
board to advertise for bids. The Com
missioners contended that the interests
of the department could be best sub
served by employing horseshoers by the
month, as many different kinds of shoes
and shoeing are required 1 , which would
make it very difficult to frame an adver
tisement calling for ¦ competitive bids.
Judge Cook, however, decided that this
objection was untenable.
"All supplies, must be advertised for,"
pays the court. "The commission may be
of the opinion that It would be wise to
adopt other methods, but it cannot go be
yond the charter. That Instrument fixes
the powers of the commission absolutely.
It provides lor competition in the fur
nishing of supplies, and this provision
must be followed. Private contracts
made ln opposition thereto are void."
Fire Department Work Must
Be Awarded to the
Lowest Bidder.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1900.
7
AMTJSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN K2.
BAN' FRANCISCO INDORSES THE VERDICT
OF LONDON AND NEW TORK.
The Greatest Musical Comedy Ever Written.
TILL. FURTHER NOTICE'.t
The Lady Slavey
IN PREPARATION-RICE'S "l^a.**
X7SUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat ln Orchestra. Saturday
Matinee. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporinm.
MATINEB TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. MAY 18.
Parquet. 2Sc, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part.
ALL NEW I ALL NEW I
EVERY ACT A BIG HIT I
EZRA KENDALL;
CHARLES ULRICK: LOUISE CUNNING:
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET; THE MUSICAL
KLEISTS: WILL E. BATES; MARK SUL-
LIVAN; BIOGRAPH.
MILTON AND D0LL1E NOBLES.
mSm A^M m^K^A^S^^A^B^tk^B^AwA^AmL
m Va^J^W M^ML^MAwKwKXSS^rmk^^^^SBIk^m
ALWAYS I AND
CROWDED I WE
ALWAYS SATISFT OUR PATRONS
With Superb Productions and With
MR. JAMES NEILL
. And His Splendid Company.
This Week a Perfect Production of
An American Citizen
MATINEES on THURSDAY and SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Night— Plnero's Remarkably
Clever Play. "THE AMAZONS."
COLUMBIAN
LAST 5 NIGHTS!
Next Sat— SPECIAL BOUVENIR MATINEE.
Each lady attending will be presented with a
complete piano copy of one of the many musical
hits in "The Evil Ey«."
Charles M. Yale's Greatest Spectacle.
"THE EVIL EYE"
With Its Many Great Attraction*.
PRICES-Sc, 35c, Me, 75c, H.
Next Monday - - JOHN DREW
In "THE TYRANNY OF, TEARS."
6 Nights— Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Seat Sale Begins To-morrow Morning.
OLYMFiA cfo'E^o-
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
DEETS AND DON,
. America's favorite specialty team. •
ALICE FtMYVVlOND.
The queen "of cornet soloists.
HANLON and SINGER,
The world's greatest Roman ring artists.
; And our ; celebrated stock company.
MATINEB EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERT HALL— THE C FKAPP COMPANY
. ¦ CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY NIOHTt EVERY NIQHT!
, Cakewalk contest every ¦ Wednesday . night.
ADMISSION FREE.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being milled to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
Th?y cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufTerfng of lost manhood that
the irstJtute has decided to distribute
free trial packape* to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
sufler m-ith any form of sexual weakno**
resulting from youthful foliy. premature
less of strength and memory, weak back,
vartcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly rrateful
effect of warmth and teems to act direct
to the desired location, sivinp strength
and development just where It In needed.
It cure* nil the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
Ft:coess in all catw. A reauest to t.h*
£tat* Mr4!cal Institute. SM Elektron
builrfinr. Fort Wayne. Ind.. statlnp that
yen <W!re one of their free trial pack-
arm will be connllwi with promptly. The
In*tl?ut« is desirous cf reaching that
preat cla«s of men who are unable to
leave home to rw» treated, and the free
eample will enable them to fee how easy
It Is to tw cured of eexual weakness when
the proper r*»medlo« *re employed. The
Institute make* no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be nent a fre«» temple,
cJirefiilly eealed ln a plain packa*re. bo
that 1U recipient n«»«»d have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Headers ere
requ#*t*d to write wlthont delay.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
A Mcst Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
ADVEBTTSEMEUT&
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Hole's.
Hole's.
I interesting U
? Qtnrp @x WSmtiptocfc
j news: 0^^y^ " 1
§ we've just passed [att V HlNj/ 7^/ /®^H\ \ •
•••? thro' two of the \ .H nU Ji \kW7/lV^*'V \ *
& heaviest days' sell- V \ k *W WjJ®^ V^ \ I
•>• ing we ever had in \NA. I W/L^^" "Z^rt&^Z l) J^ ) %
S ribbons, and yet of ~* JL '*\_I I" lAi... ¦ I - i / :¦
?. the 18,000 yards - VVr? J^J J *
?? originally on sale Va^^^^*hsSv |
%, tion (see aisle 2); also a sale of 1 J \ S
7< soap; then several thousand yards of I > X » ' *
S; insertion and embroidery; imported * S
•i black or tan hosiery for ladies (three 5
$ pairs for a quarter) ; vacation requisites, %
>* I such as hammocks, trunks, telescope r<
i baskets, toilet requisites, face lotion*,, ;
5$ skin preservatives and a choice display of the famous Richard ¥
£ Hudnut perfumery. p
£ millinOrV we show to-day fifteen fohfp we offer to-day and until y
>. [Ill lineij ver y dressy hats in the lflUlB »©W a new lot of wash- t-
4 Ann\ latest effects 17 and S3 nnuore abIe art ticking table cov- -
? QcDIi » drew hats now on GOfCiS era in royal l>lue. ereen C
\ formerly *?. IS and $». dowf^ display la side win- ;
:» 20 dozen fancy straw shapes in a 4-4 8 ] Z e each 50c 75c T150 2
variety ol colorings (aome were -. _,.„, -ooh -^r- si "^ si *n
;•. 60c), now 20c and 30c «-* 8ls » eacn .oc, « n oO £
•/. 8-4 size each 12 00
i we are offering broken lines— a we offer 12 dor. 4-4 size printed |
-. few of this and a few of that— In denimette covers— neat patterns;- £
3 fancy straw shapes— about 30 unusual price Ijo $
¦2; dozen ln all, reduced to 10c \
i> cenilfiinBn S m « n * 8 lightweight |
r- ....lii^J ahout twentv dozen # • • . merino undershirts 1.
i vacation gfff»aOTSt.S;g furmshings^m^^f^^ |
\ SUltS breasted SScket8?S?iS (a seasonable weight) 50c \
'\ silk taffeta lined, others silk serge »
lined, percallne lined skirts, orig- men's negligee shirts ln light col- \
¦: lnally sold at $10. $12: size line ors. ln twills. Bateens and Dedford f
'•'. broken: If your size la here, th» cords: medium and dark colors;
> price Is Jo 95 full size, all sizes 14% to 17 50c £
* Qlllftncr^ a l°t of Venetian cloths trimmillCtS we^ *J*n C i eanIn^i w?
SUUIIIgS ln four shades of brown "»""«»&* and shall be until we
J and two shades of navy; 56 inches move: we offer t , co l i 0 1 r * d ln be * d .f J i* ?
'• wide the suit W 25 spangled gimp to 1^ in. wide In •;
'i . Iridescent effects combined with :
:• black and gold; about 2D0 yds. in :
5 a lot of hair line suiting of fine the lot; they formerly sold for Tjc %
'¦ -i-rtne cheviot strictly all wool. *1 and $150 the yard; a small lot
\ S3S^!"..sff-.w« 1
J to-day sees the third story of our new building j
xnsr
New and Desirable Goods!
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT APPLIQUED SKIRTS, value for
$7.50, will be offered at $5.00
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, in tans and grays, extra
\*alue for $10.00, will be offered at ......$7.50
MISSES GOLF CAPES, value for $3.50, will be offered at........ $2.50
LADIES' BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, value for $6.00, will be offered
at ...........$3.50
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, value for 75c. will be offered at.. 50c
*ioo dozen LADIES' WRAPPERS, value for 75c, will be offered at. .50c
J.O'BRIEN&GO.
1146 Market Street.
visit OR. JORDAN'S great j
iHUSEOS OF ANATQHY?
A C^ lcma.rregt.ttt.eam.s.r.ea., >
T ry^ Tbe Lcrceit Asstoskal Mann is fhe
A ¦ ,, \Xk i, World. WatMtm at *ny cooencted t I
V *£*tt d:»««»e|K">lll«».| F ,w«4 by the oldest
izSZ i »~ •WroAN-PRIYATE DISEASES ,
\ F^^^3 Ceawltatlon fw «t«J rtrirt** print-.
§ fl 1#« P Tnl!m ">' P««owJi y or by imet. A,
\ 8 W TIM ****— Cma «erjr ok tmderttke*. '
Ami lift Write for Bock. W Bt L,O*J UM H mt .
¥ • a V atnaufct, iuiuo »u. , a'
A W Ur ¥ml " ble baok fc * mrt -l
? DU JOBDAX4tO..!3a MsrkrtHt.S. F. '
A2£TXSJ&M.KNTa.
ANOTHER BIG HIT!
E. H. SOTHERN'S
Moat Successful Dnma,
HAISTER OF
WOOD BARROW!
MATTXEE SATURDAY AND SOTDAY. -/
RESERVED SEATS. 15c. 23c. S5o. 60c.
Next Week "THE BUTTESPLIES."
*T!V_GL1*
Am I a Wiz? Jfou Bet I Am!
— THrRTY-FTFTH -:- TIME -:- TO-NIGHT—
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Triumph,
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE !
Drawing Crowded Houses Rtgtit Alone
Evenlnrs at 3. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES - - - - 25 and 50 cents
Telephone Bush 1
CHUTES ANDZOO. 1 S7«5ST
RAYSTON & RAEFORD. THE DOCKMAN'3.
GEO. TRUMP, HARRY HOLMES. FROSTO *
WARD A. DE ARMO. HERBERT GILBERT
CASTLE. MOVING PICTURES.
To«Mornw Night— The Amateurs.
SATURDAY XIGHT— CAKE WALK
CONTEST.
Telephone for Seats. Park IS.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 CFARRIXL STREET.
ZaAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
Prison Scene from "FAUST," Str. Abramoft
as Mephlstopheles. Last Act "RIOOLETTO."
10c— Admission— 10c. Matlnes Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
WILL OF»EIN NIGHTS
ON AXD AFTER
SATURDAY, May 19. 1900.
mm chicmcstir'8 cnousm
PEHHYROYflLPILLS
>J{ *>r CHICHE.MKKN ENGLISH
*^%J^,rf?5^ la KED *al Cold mm^Ic box**. t**.«i
A S|M'|tt«wiW«. Take Booths. lUfmtm
J*Z^jy «*ra Mall. lft.OMT.iU.nUL UkUr
totfwttlsw*. M*cl— !>«¦»>«. PBILA^ yjj
tIERCES
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
, RWEAKWOMEM.
W3T PM3l
ifclWk* WT INJECTION. -j|
I; A PERMANENT CURE \: .
I i of the most obstinate easts of Gonorr&CM i '
i [ and Gleet, eo&rsntced in from 3 to 6 '
' i [ days ; no outer treatment required. J ,
| i . Sold by all drnggists. J >
Cl >PAT£NTsf f)
¦ ¦^^330MARKETbT.SfVgay
ft 1 PI" PI nil If Corner Fourth «n4
CHFE:B0yilLS3*S
.Valises checked trs«.Valuable Realty Mortgaged.
OAKLAND, May 15.— A mortgage was
placed on record to-dav securing to Ferdi
nand Rels of San Francisco for a loan of
$100,000, made to Charles M. Doupherty
and wife Ida, certain large tracts of land
in Alameda and Contra Costa counties
and which runs for five years, the inter
est being at the rate of 1% pec cent.
Pump-Gun Decision To-Bay.
Judge . Ross will . render his decl«lr w n in
tho United States Circuit Court -,thl3
morning In re Marshall, accused of using
a Repeating shotgun for killing game In
Marin County. Marshall alleges that the
ordinance of the Supervisors of Marin
County Is unconstitutional and that a so
called "pump-gun" is not so very much
more destructive than an ordinary dou
ble-barreled shotgun.
Stole Olive Oil.
George Long and Arthur "Wetzler, boys
14 years of age, were brought to the Cali
fornia-street police station yesterday and
booked for petit larceny. They were ac
cused of having stolen four one-gallon
tins of olive oil from a store on Vallejo
street.
Foreman (KNeil Dies.
Henry O'Nell, tho foreman of truck 4,
died last night at St. Mary's Hospital. On
May 3 O'Nell, . after some
heroic work at a fire, was seriously In
jured. From that time he has been lin
gering between life and death. He -was
eighteen years in the department, and
bore a reputation for bravery and daring.
Peter McGlade on Trial.
Peter McGlade was placed on trial be
fore Judge Cook yesterday on a charge
of forgery alleged to have been commit
ted when the defendant was employed In
the office of the Superintendent of
Streets. He was represented by Attorney
Tom J. Lennon of the nrm of Lennon &
Hawkins. During the morning session
of the court four jurors were secured to
try the prisoner. They are Max Ecken
steln. F. L. Guntz. B. Grave and R. J.
Hancock. The case goes on again this
morning.
Will Appraise Exchange Building.
Another step was taken yesterday to
ward the organization of a large commer
cial association in this city to embrace
between 600 and 1000 members. This was
accomplished at a meeting of the board
of directors of the San Francisco Produce
Exchange, when a committee was se
lected to confer with a committee previ
ously named with relation to the ap
praisement of the Merchants' Exchange
building. The members of the committee
named yesterday are H. F. Allen, Juda
Newman and Horace Davis. A meeting
will be held Thursday or Friday of this
week. The consent of the membership of
the Produce Exchange to the sale of the
Merchants' Exchange building is practi
cally unanimous.
teen rounds and "Chick" Flnnerty and
George Curran ten rounds. . ;
Shell Mound Park and Oakland Baee
tiack 'Will Accommodate the
Crowds on That Ex
citing Day. *
White aprons, cleavers, chopping block*
and all cares will b« placed behind locked
dcors next Wednesday by the San Fran
cisco butchers. Their board of trade has
decreed that this, the seventh annual pic
nic, shall eclipse all past ones. Shell
Mound Park has been secured for this
event, with tha race course to accommo
date the overflow. In tne latter placa th«
special features of tha day will be held,
including the races.
The following programme has been ar
ranged:
First race — Butchers', trotting and poo
ing race: Members or sons of members to
drive. Horses to be owned sixty days
prior to the day of race. Must be three
starters or more.
Second race— free for all— Trotting race:
Open to all who desire to enter. Batch
ers or no butchers. Must be three start
ers or more. Entrance fee, & Forfeit,
$10.
Third race — running race— one nolle: fFor
four-year-olds and upward): Ten pounds
below the scale. Entrance fee, (2 50. For
feit. $5.
Fourth race, pacing, one mile, free, for
all. open to all who desire* to enter, butch
ers or not butchers; must be three start
ers or more; entrance fee J5; forfeit $10.
Fifth race, running, one mile, for three
year-olds and upward that have run and
not won since January 1. 1900, weight tor
age; entrance fee $2 60, forfeit $5. Sixth
race, butchers' special cart race, horses
to be owned sixty days prior to the day
of race; owners (or employes who have
been in owners' employ thirty days prior
to day of race) to drive; horses hitched to>
road carts: no sulky or rubber-Ure caxta
allowed. Seventh race, steer running,
one-flfth mile, must be three starters or
more: entrance fee $5, forfeit $10. Eighth
race, running, one mile, for four-year-olds
and upward, non-winners of two races
this year 10 pounds below the scale. I^lnth
race, vaquero running, quarter mila, for
vaqtieros, only Mexican saddles to be
used.
Following are the committees having
charge of the arrangements: -V:
General committee — Fred Becker, chair
man; Sam C. Hammond, James Hall,
Fred Carius, A. "Wannemacher, Harry
Munson, Henry Moffat. O. O. Newhall,
Henry Levy, Barney Horn, James McDer
mott. P. Mlchelllttl, G. de Luca, Robert
Kelly, Joe 'Werrtheimer, J. Hayden, Fred
Runde, E. J. Convey. Henry Antz, Mon
roe Schweitzer, "William Schrader, A.
Block, J. W. Phillips.
Committee on race track— Edward J.
Taalte, chairman; John Lacoste. Bert
Coombs. E. G. Rodolph, Frank Merrill,
Isaac Poly, H. "Westphal, U. M. Slater, 8.
E. Nutting, A. C'.ayburgh, I. L. Blum.
Finance committee— Lon Nonnemann.
chairman; S. Sllverberg. Paul Frlese, J.
Buttgenbach, John l>eschler, II. Jleyn, E.
Schucks.
Printing committee — Sam Mayer, chair
man; J. Buttgenbach, K. Werthelmer.
Committee on gates at Shell Mound — J.
Nowlan, chairman; Joe Maguire. H. F.
Stolz.
Committee on gates at race track —
Th^m?* s McKeon, chairman; L. C. Staff,
C. H. Ricks.
Music committee— F. C. "Winters, San
Francisco; 31. O'Connell. Oakland.
Committee on programme at Shell
Mound Park— H. Schrleber, chairman;
Fred Ast, W. H. Lleb.
Butchers Are Preparing for
Their Big Picnic Next
Wednesday.
WILD STEERS TO
BE MOUNTED DY
BOLD VAQUEROS
Mechanics' Institute Notes.
The trustees of the Mechanics' Insti
tute met last night In executive session
and transacted a great deal of routine
business.
A resolution was adopted for the erec
tion of a suitable monument In commem
oration of A. S. Hallldle. the inventor of
the cable car eystem. The cable railway
companies, the University of California
and other public bodies will be. asked to
Interest themselves in the movement.
The annual reports were ordered to be
printed and the; position which 'Miss
Southworlh occupied was' ordered abol
ished. .
Tho ladies of &innyside, desirous of
helping their husbands complete a hall
In which meetings for the betterment of
the locality may be held, have decided to
Blve an entertainment next Saturday
ovenirj? at Flood and Circular avenues.
Sunnyside. The ladies having charre of
the arrangements are Mrs. Gustave
Bchnee. Mrs. R. T. Hanysen. Mrs W. A.
Hicks, Mrs. John Barrett. Mrs. N. Hol
tum, Mrs. A. North, Miss Hoesser and
Hiss Virginia EwclL
To Complete Sunny-side HalL
Matthew de la Montanya, who has been
connected with the City Treasury for the
X>ast eight years, resigned yesterday aft
ernoon to take a position as special agent
of the KuraJ Free Delivery in the West
ern Division. Ills headquarters will bo la
Denver, Colo.
Appointed Special Ajjent.
WASHINGTON, May 15.— The Cuban
postal frauds was practically the only
subject of discussion at to-day's Cabinet
meeting. No late news has been received
which throws any additional light on the
situation and It is not expected that any
thing conclusive will be known until the
experts now on their" way to* Havana
have concluded their investigation and
made a report.
The suspension of Postmaster Thompson
was a great surprise to the President and
to tho members of. the Cabinet, none of
whom believe that he is guilty in tha
least. It la assumed that General "Wood
had come to the conclusion that until tho
matter of these frauds had been thorough
ly investigated It -would b« best to tem
porarily suspend all of the officials who
were In positions where they might have
had knowledge, guilty or otherwise, of
what was going on.
Mr. . Thompson, it Is said, has been
prominently connected with th© Indianap
olis postofnee for many years arid was
selected as Postmaster at Havana be
cause of his knowledge of the business
and his unquestioned integrity. Ho was
not a candidate for the place -and knew
nothing of the President's Intentions until
the office was tendered him with the ur
gent request that he accept it. Members
of the Cabinet are not Inclined to think
that there was any widespread conspiracy
to defraud, but nevertheless It is the pur
pose of the Government to sift the mat
ter to the bottom.
News, of the tjuspension of Postmaster
Thompson was received by Postmaster
General Smith and by him reported to the
Cabinet to-day. It was evident from Gen
eral "Wood's telegram that irregularities
at least, had not been found in Postmas
ter Thompson's accounts.
The War Department has temporarily
ceased the prosecution of the investiga
tion here, for, with the transfer of the
extradition proceedings, to the District
Attorney's offlco In New York, and of the
detailed examination of the books to Ha
vana, where It In to be thoroughly prose
cuted by the postofflce inspectors, there is
nothing further to be done here at pres
ent.
The Cabinet also discussed the reception
to be accorded the Boer delegation which
has Just arrived In this country. The de
cision was to make no unnecessary tech
nical points aealnst the -delegates, but to
treat them with as much liberality as
is possible without a breach of the diplo
matic proprieties. Tf they ¦ have anv
credentials the delegates will be afforded
an opportunity to present them to the
State Department. It is said there is a
precedent for this line of action.- But as
It Is undoubtedly the administration's be
lief that this particular delegation does
not come in a diplomatic capacity, the
problem connected with , their reception I Is
considerably simplified' and officials will
not be called upon to extend any form of
recognition of the independence - of - the
Boer republic which might be regarded as
an act of Interference In the dispute
which led to the existing war.
Suspension of Postmaster
Thompson a Great Sur- '
prise to McKinley.
CftfilNET TAKES
UP THE HAVANA
POSTAL FRAUDS
JZO CEA2TGES BJECOBJ3ED.
Twelve Innings and Tie.
Cincinnati and Philadelphia Play
STANDING OF THE CX.TTBS.
Cubs— TT. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 14 0 .737 Cincinnati... J 10 .474
Brooklyn 1* * .CJJlSt. Louie 8 11 .421
rittfburg 12 9 .571! New York.... 6 1J .21C
Cnlci^o 12 10 ,I.4j;BoFton B IS .277
CINCINNATI. May IS.— Both sides hod nu
merous chances to win to-day's game, but the
neceEBcry hit failed to rr.aterlallre. With one
man out In the twelfth Inning. Stplnfeldt h!t
tor thr*-e bases. Orth then purposely Bent Ir
•vrin an.l Criwfcrd. who batted for Peitz, to first
on balib. Wood Ftruck cut. and Barrett's little
fly ended the gar.i* 1 . Scott had the visitor* at
his mercy after the fifth, striking out Slaxle
and l>flehant;- with a man on second In the
t«jth rnd Chiles and Orth In the eleventh with
the thlra base occupied. Darkness ended the
struggle. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Cincinnati - 4 13 4
Pblladeliihla 4 H 6
Batter!**— Scott and Peltz; Orth and SIcFar
laad. Umpire — Swarfvood.
PITTS BUrtO. May 15.— The sixth was Plttln-
C-er"e fatal Inning, when a combination of errors
tuid hits rave the came to Pittxburg. Attend
ance 2i'-r\ Ecore:
dub*— It H. E.
J»lttaburff 7 S 1
Boston 6 7 1
Bxttertes— TacnehJll and Bchrtver; Plttlneer
aad W. Clark. Umpire — W. Emelle.
CHICAGO. May IS.— The Cbic&goe were weak
¦with th? click to- day. but tn&de It focr straight
from New York becauee of Seymour's wlldncsa.
Van Ileltren r>ltch*-d the last three lnninr* for
S.'ew York, the 2'rst time be has been In the
box for several years.. Attendance 900. Score:
dub«— R. H. E.
ctic&ro .-. 10 7 l
ICetr York 8 11 2
Batteries — Taylor and Xlchols; Seymour, Van
Jl&ltren and Bowerm&n. Umpire— O' Day.
ST. LOUIS. May 15.— Brooklyn outplayed St.
Xioois at every point to-day. Donlln'e error let
In two runs in the seventh. Attendance- 103).
6core:
Club*- R. H. E.
ft. Louis 2 10 3
Brooklyn 6 1J t
Batter:e»— SufihoS ana Crlcer; Dunn anil Me-
Guire. Umpire — Hurst.
American Association Games.
- DETROIT, May 15.— I>etrcit ». Chicago 4.
XJUJTAiO. Mar J!.— Buffalo 2. Milwaukee 6
CLEV3LAXI). May li— Cleveland 1. lliaae
apolls A.
IKDIAN'APOLIS. tlcy 15.— Indlanapolii 12
Baseball at San Rafael.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. Hay 15.— The baseball
season will open here next Sunday. Hugh
J. Mclfaac will hold tile reins of man
agement and Tom Lunny will devote his
energies and experience to the captaincy
Settled His Account.
The charge of obtaining goods by false
pretenses against E.. M. CarBon of the
Frisco and Nome Transportation and
Trading Company, preferred against him
by F. R. Neville, manager of the Wave,
was dismissed yesterday by Judge Mogan
on motion of the prosecution. It was an
nounced that Carson had settled the ac
count of $50.
Benefit of Rally Fund.
An Interesting entertainment was given
last night for the benefit of the "rally
fund" of the A. M. E. Zion Church in the
church edifice, 805 Stockton street. The
affair was arranged by the members of
the Clayton Club and Is preparatory to
the grand rally to be held on May 27. A
fine vocal and instrumental programme
was rendered by Mrs. Ida White, Mrs.
John Clayton, Mrs. Artie Derrick, Miss
Lizzie Jackson, J. L. Derrick, Professor
J. H. Williamson, M. Meadows and Julius
Hewlett.
Standing of the Clubs as Result of
yesterday's Games — Schedule
for To-I>ay.
Interest in the grammar school baseball
tournament grows epace and the boys are
doing some lively guessing upon the out
oome. Thus far the Crocker School has
jiot lost a game and is pretty, sure of
being in at the finish. In yesterday's
games Horace Manii won from James
Lick, l^rsjiklin from Hearst. Lincoln from
John Swett. Crocker from Mission and
Hamilton from Jaraes Lick. Franklin also
won from Horttce Manr., but the game
iras declared eff by the umpire.
The schedule for to-day is as follows:
Orock<-r vs. Pa.cil:c Heights. 10 a. m.. Six-
T*»TT7Tfr Mil B< I grounds; Franklin vs. Ham
ilton, 11 u. m., same; Crocker vs. Hearst,
A jt. in., time; Franklin vs. • Pacific
Hc-ight*. 2 p. m.. same: Mission vs. Lin
coln. V a~ m., earn*?: James Lick vs. John
pTi-ett. £ i>. m.. Eighth-street grounds;
lleorst vs. Horace Mar.n, 2 p. m., same.
The standing of the schools is now as
follows :
BASEBALL TOURNAMENT
OF GRAMMAR SCHOOLS
CAPTAIN A. C. KRENZLEIN '
OF THE PENNSYLVANIA UNI
VERSITY-«-TEAM.
PHILADELPHIA, May 15.-A11 records
in the broad Jump have been broken by
Captain Krenzlein of the Pennsylvania
University team. He cleared yesterday In
practice 24 feet Sft Inches. The jump can
not stand as a record, as it was not made
in a contest. Tho world's record is now
held by Prinztein of Syracuse University,
who cleared 24 feet 7*4 Inches here April
28 last, beating Krenzlein's previous
world's record of 24 feet 6Vi inches, made
May 2C, 1839, on Manhattan field, New
lork.
The latest bulletin issued by the boxing
magnates is to the effect that the bout
between Al Neill and Jack Moffltt will take
place In Woodward's Pavilion on the last
day of this month under the auspices of
the Columbia Athletic Club. Up to tho
last moment the officials of the National
Athletic Club thought the bout, which is
a promising one from the promoters' point
of view, would come to them. Alottltt and
his manager traveled "West on tickets su
pllcd by the club and both expressed a de
sire to have the fight held under its pat
ronage.
When the parties at Interest met yester
day the representatives of the boxers In
sisted that tho fight should take place on
or before June 1. The National Club rep
resentatives asked that a date between
the 7th and 14th of June be named.
Charles Newman agreed to deposit 75OUO
as a guarantee that the tight wquld take
place between those dates. The boxers
were obdurate, claiming a postponement
would lnterefere with other engagements.
They went at once to the Columbia Club
and signed to fight twenty rounds on the
31st inst for CO per cent of the gate re
ceipts. They did not require any guar
antee from the club that the match would
be brought off. .
Motfltt went at once to the Seal Rock
House on the ocean beach and settled
down to training with Frank Rafael as
boxing partner. Neill has spent some
weeks at the cpring3 near Vallejo. but
will resume practice at his old quarters,
Haight and Stanyan streets at once.
As preliminaries to the main event Man
ager Crowley has matched the hard-hit
ting Toby Irwln and- Willie Cole for flf-
Rival Boxers Will Meet in
Woodward's Pavilion
May 31.
COLUMBIA CLUB
GETSTHENEILL
MOFFITT FIGHT
At Morris Park.
LOUISVILLE, May 15.— With John
Bright, at 6 to 1 In th© betting, winning
the mile and fifty yards handicap in
wcrld'6 record time, and with Juanetta
winning handily after being backed down
from 60 to 1 to 12 to 1. there was a great
deal doing at Churchill Downs this after
noon. There was a email-sized killing
made on Juanetta In the fifth race. All
the pikers had the tip and they got down
with tholr twos and fives In such haste
and so plentifully that the 60 to 1 chalked
up at the opening was quickly lowered to
30 and finally to 12. The mare Justified
the confidence of her backers by winning
handily in 1:14»4. There was a cheer that
nearly" took the roof off the grand stand
when it was seen that she would win. It
is said that the tip was sent out to every
poolroom in the country.
The chief event of the card was the
free handicap at a mile and fifty yards,
in which Bangle, John Bright, Batten.
Salvarse and Arthur Behan tried conclu
sions. The rexe proved to be one of the
prettiest of the meeting. Batten set out
to miike the pace and kept in front until
the half was reached. Here he was
Joined by Bangle, who soon forged to the
front, John Bright running easily in
fourth place close up. They reached the
head of the stretch going like steam en
pines and the mile was run in the remark
ably fast time of 1:S3 2-C.
The pace began to tell on Batten and
Bangle, though they kept gamely at it.
In the stretch Winkfield. with a well
timed rush, brought John Bright to the
front and won by a length and a half in
1:4214. which equals the world's record for
the "distance, which was established by
Florenzo in Chicago on July 6, 1&9S. John
Bright's performance to-day was much
more creditable, because he carried 122
pounds, while Florenzo only had up 93
pounds. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Merry Day won,
Maydlne second, .Sklllman third. Time, "1:07.
Seven furlongs— Vain won. Star Chamber sec
cnod. Dieudenna third. Time. 1:27V».
Four and a half furlongs— Trelawney won.
Porter B Becond. Queen Carnival third. Time.
~M*io and fifty yards, handicap— John Bright
won, Bangle second, Salvaree third. Time,
1:42%.
Six furlongs, selling; — Juanetta won. Dollie
¦Ue'.tbofl second. Headlight II third. Time.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Elkln won.
Possum eecond. Windward third. Time, IMS.-
NEW TORIC May 15.— The heat was In
tense at Morris Park to-day and the,
crowd was about the smallest of the meet
ing. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Vulealn won. Un
masked second. Imp third. Time. 1:21.
Seven furlonge. Belling— First .Whip won.
Brisk second, Banger third. Time, 1:27%.
The Baychester, one mile— Ildrim won. Con
teetor second. Herbert third. Time. 1:40%.
The New Kochelle handicap, seven furlonirs —
Pun-Ivor won. Missionary second. His Royal
Highness third. Time, l:27»i.
Four and a half furlongs— Maiden won, Cher
ries Becond. Goddess o£ Night third. Time,
Six furlongs— Firearm won. General Mart
Gary Becond. Lady Uncas third. Time. 1:14ft.
Good Card at Lakeside.
CHICAGO. May 15.— Weather clear and
track fast at Lakeside to-day. Results:
Six furlongs, selling — Monyon won, John
Grlcsby second. Innovator third. Time, 1:15%.
Four and a half furlongs— The Cuban Girl
won. Lilly Pantiand second, Clnara third.
l?Ue and* a -sixteenth— Malay won. Eva Rice
second. Strangest third. Time. 1:4S*4.
Flv« and a half furlongs, selling— 8t. Cuth
bert won, Pauline J second. Orion third. Time.
Vive and a half furlongs, selling— O'Connell
won, Abe Furst - second. King: Carnival third.
Time. 1:07%. •
Four furlongs selling— Cora Goetr won. Kid
Cox second. Gibson Girt third. Time, :«V4.
AIiEERICAN" JOCKEYS WI2T.
Sloan and the Beiffs Have a Good Day
at Newmarket
LONDON. May 15.— At th© opening of
the Newmarket second spring meeting to
day the American Jockeys had another
run of euccess.
Tod Sloan took the first race, a trial
plate, on SlmonBlde. Sly Fox. ridden by U.
Ketft. finished second.
The Visitors* plate was captured by Sac
ripant. Willlatn Duke's Kgmont, with
Ripby up. was second.
The Somervllle stake was won by Ayle
eham. piloted by J. Rein*. Unalna, ridden
by Sloan, was next.
A sweepstakes resulted In a victory for
Mr. Duke's Galveston, guided by Rlgby.
Martini, with Relff up, and Caracalla,
ridden by Sloan, were second and third,
respectively.
L. Relff brought Kaffir Queen In first In
a selling plate race. Doris was second and
Broken Melody. Sloan's mount, was third.
The Newmarket -handicap was won by
Joe Chamberlain, with Sloan In the sad
dl*. Ameer was second and. The Docker,
ridden by L. Relff. was third. I
Ekeets Martin Suspended.
LONDON. May 15.— The stewards of the
Jockey Club to-day investigated ¦ the
charges of foul riding . made ! against
"Skeets" Martin, the American Jockey,
May 11 and have decided to suspend him
until June. Martin was disannulled at
Kempton Park May 11 after winning the
spring two-year-old plate on J. Musker's
Dunover colt. He was suspended for the
remainder of the meeting and reported to
the stewards of the Jockey Club.
At Odds That Opened at
Sixty to One the Mare
Wins Handily.
PIKERS MUE
i KILLING ON
GAME JUANETTA
Th» directors of the. Ingleslde Coursing
Club, acting under the advice of their at
torney, are preparing to run off a forty
eight dog stake to-morow at their park.
They have been advised that the restrain
ing order Issued six months ago by Judge
F. J. Murasky against I. W. Lees, at that
time Chief of Police, is still in effect; that
the ordinance passed by the Supervisors
on Monday cannot be enforced until the
injunction has been dissolved. The direct
ors have been advised that they need take
no action -to protect themselves from out
side interference until the decision of the
court Is rendered. They were further ad
vised that the police will be in contempt
of court if they take summary action
against coursing at the park under the or
dinance passed on Monday.
The coursing to-morrow will commence
at 12:30 p. m. The draw last night result
ed as follows:
J. I. O*3rlen'B Pasha Queen vi. T. J. Mc-
Hugh's Mellow; J. Duffy's Flashing Loss vs.
F. rasson'B Kitty Scott: W. Cairn's Gladys
¦\VeIler vs. O. McKnight's Fairmount Boy;
Lande & Gerl^r's Mt. Ida vs. U. McDougall's
Swindle; Farley Bros.' Morse Patrol vs. C.
Grau's .Lady Peach; D. Shannon's Strand of
Gold vs. H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chios; J. H.
W. Muller's Cruiser vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Amarosa; M. Michilikl's Terrona vs. J. Keen
an's Mlra Monte; J. Keenan's Royal Oak vs.
S. Handy' s Lady Hugo; II. E. ds B. Lopez's
Soft Goods vs. F. A. McCorab's Storm Kin*: J.
Collins' Richmond King: vs. R. Atlrldjre's Mas
terpiece: G. McDougall's Oandaloo vs. P. Itell
ly's Lady Granard: W. Cairn's Imperial vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Morella; A. Johnson's Low
lander vs. Lande &. Gerber's Concord; M.
MIchlliki's Terronite vs. Connell Brothers'
Green Isle; J. McEnroe's Blacking Box vs. N.
P. Whiting's St. Anthony; F. Chatno.a's Prin
cess Royal vs. A. Johnson's Ted Sloan; J.
Charleton's Temple vs. Harrigan & Wlegand's
Overture; J. Forrell's Cash Day vs. P. Reilly's
Expense; Al Austin's Firm Foe vs. J. Hoiden'a
Scottish Chief: II. B. de B. Lopez's Diablo vs.
F.' Passon'a Merry Maiden: O"Shea Brothers'
Mercy May vs. J. H. W. Muller's Moonstone;
Connell Brothers' Clover vs. D. Dillon's Prince
Georg-e; E. Bennett's Key Del vs. G. Ehmann's
Target.
The customary midweek -stake will be
run to-da" at Union Coursing Park. The
stake attracted an entry of sixty dogs.
Coursing will commence upon the arrival
of the 10:15 a. m. train.
Attorneys Claim Restraining
Order Is Still in
Force.
COUfflG WILL
; BE CONTINUED
ST INGLESIDE
H:XRY AUSTIN ADAMS will com
mence his series of lectures at Met
ropolitan Hall on Monday evening.
May 21. They are to be delivered
under the' auspices of the Catholic Truth
HEXRT AUSTIN ADAilS.
Tb« amateur reir.srnen comprising the
Golden Gate Park Driving Association
held aa enthusiastic meeting last night
at their headquarters. The annual race
rr.fccilr.p of the association, to he held on
the California. Jockey Club track, Oak
land, on !>ecora;ic:i day, was the attrac
tion which brought together the larg*
assemblage of men interested in the light
Iiamess hcrse. The programme for the
rorticomlas rceetins is an ambitious
one, ar.d as no admission fee will be
charged a large attendance is expected.
The card Is made up of live races, each
t>est t»o-:n-three mlie heats. The sec
ond ra.ee for the Frsmk Ci. O'Kane chal
lenge cup, row held by J. C. Ohlandt,
will form p2.rt of the card. As the cup
was von in 2:S1, horses to be eligible to
compete for the trx>phy must not have a
l>etter record than this. A feature of the
meeting may be a double team race, a
mil© dash. This has not been determined
upon, but us it is an interesting contest,
an effort *.vi!l be made to bring some of
the veil known road drivers together In
such a ra<-*-.
A number of horses are already in
training at the Oakland track, including
James \Y. Bonuey's Bonney Boy; James
O'Kaiie's Sandow: Dr. I. B. Dalziel's
Bteve; K. L». Sarh's Bob Burns; R. E.
Mulcahy's Alpi.ri«>ta; James II. Kva's
Ethel H; N. Hotta's Correct; William
C. Hainc-rton's General Smith and Nettie
H; J. V,\ Hunertor/s Alfred H; E. Algel-
Tinger's Our Joe and Our Anna; F. W.
Thoajwcn's Bcbbv J; H. F. Patrick s
Bailn Wood: J. C. Ohlandt'e Harvey B;
ZL H. Dur.iap's Kins Cadenza; Charles
Kapp> I Direct; J. C. Kiipatrlck's Har
vey aiae. Our Dick and Lullaby; C. E.
Park's Imp.
The j>urs» !n each race will be $100, <-l
vlded ay follow*: To the winner, $60;
eecor.d ?30 ar.d third 510. Entries will close
next Monday wit.. Secretary H. P. Pat
rick. The officials selected are: Judges,
Ceors© L. Swell and E. D. Sachs: starter,
T. J. Crowlev; assistant staj-ter. J. O.
Ches'.ey; timer. Frederick Vetter, and
xnarehil, Dr. 1. B. Dalzicl.
Trotting B-aces of Golden Gate
Park Driving Association Are
Expected to Attract Large
TO DRIVE THEIR
FAST HORSES 01
OAKLAND TRACK
Amateur Reinsmen Pre
paring for Decoration
Day Meet.
COURSE OF LECTURES
BY A FAMOUS ORATOR
Society, which has been fortunate in se
curing dates from this celebrated man.
The course of lectures -is as follows:
"Story of My Conversion." Monday, May
21; "Cardinal Newman," Wednesday. May
23; "The Novel," Friday, May 25; "The
Theater," Tuesday, May 29; "America* a
Debt to the Catholic Church," Thursday,
May 81.
Mr. Adams' lecture on his conversion
should be of especial Interest to those who
make any study of matters religious. He
will tell the reasons that caused him to
forsake the Protestant for the Catholio
faith and will, of course, dwell upon their
different foundations.
Mr. Adams is a learned churchman- He
wns pastor o.f one of the most cultured
congregations in Baltimore before he be
came a Catholic He was editor of a lead-
Ing religious and literary magazine, but
his engagements on the lecture platform
(for which he was much sought) caused
him to give up this work. He has been
the center of attraction at the annual
sessions of the Catholic summer school
and the winter school at Now Orleans.
Those who attend these lectures will
certainly be well rewarded, and no one
who appreciates ripe scholarship, rare
culture and brilliant oratory will miss
Season tickets admitting holders to all
the lectures may be obtained at the
headquarters of the Catholic Truth So
ciety, room 37, Flood building.
Mr. Adams will lecture in Sacramento
June 5, at Stockton June 7 and at Oak
land and San Jose later.
Krenzlein of the Pennsylva
nia Team Clears 24 Feet
8 d-2 Inches.
ALL RECORDS IN
THE BROAD JUMP
ARE LOWERED
FREAK FERN AND
FERTILE STONE WALL
AI»IFORNIA- has excelled Itself,
(( ' and the latest freak of this* won
%Jj> derful Western climate is the fer
tility of a certain stone wall, the
prop and mainstay of the building at 302
California street. The wall In question
appears to be In an experimental stage
of vegetation, for thus far only one tiny
spot Is productive, and from It sprouts
a hardy fern, the fronds of which are
fully eighteen Inches long. -The fern is of
th« common flve-flnger variety, luxuriant
and of a brilliant green, having all the
appearance . of a well nourished plant
nourishing, In the most fertile of soils.
There is no crack In, the wall around or
near the roots of the fern. The plant
seems to spring right out the brick Just
a little below the roof of the building:.
For the past few days the "rubber
necks" around 302 California street have
been kept In splendid practice, and if the
fern continues to flourish ; it is estimated
by those competent to Judge the percent
age of elongated peninsulas will increase
to an alarming extent. 'Although all the
neighborhood has been on to the fern
for some time, the man who occupies the
room over whose window the fern flour
ishes was ignorant of its being. 'When
he was first questioned about the growth
he was consumed with an awful fear.
'.'Don't tell me," he cried, "that there
Is. grass growing, out of my place," and
then he craned his neck out bf the win
dow. .When he' saw the luxuriant growth
he; appeared reassured.
"This Is a wonderful place," he said,
and then he asked his typewriter to
make a tour of inspection on the roof.
"I'm prepared for anything now," he ex
plained, "and who knows what this build
ing is Capable of? Why, there may be
Belgian hares on the roof."
The building with the fertile wall is one
of the bunch of houses on California
street that belongs to the Parrott estate.
THE SAN PANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16. 1900.
8
XAXIES.
5. I PI:
. ! Won.
I Lost.
I Pet.
i.^.
EL
Crocker ....
rrar.kiin ...
Hamilton ..
Hearst
Horace Mai
James L'.i-k.
John Sv.-ett.
Lincoln ....
illsslon —
Faclfle Hell
roc
Te:
6
&
6
3
6
6
4
I
i
I
0
2
8
C
0
0
|
I
4 ¦
2
1
4
1.000
.c:i
'.CCG
.100
.107
.000
.333
.600
.857
.000
XAXIES.
5. I PI:
. ! Won.
I Lost.
I Pet.
i.^.
EL
Crocker ....
rrar.kiin ...
Hamilton ..
Hearst
Horace Mai
James L'.i-k.
John Sv.-ett.
Lincoln ....
illsslon —
Faclfle Hell
roc
Te:
6
&
6
3
6
6
4
I
i
I
0
2
8
C
0
0
|
I
4 ¦
2
1
4
1.000
.c:i
'.CCG
.100
.107
.000
.333
.600
.857
.000
STATEMENT
OT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
07 TUB
Assurance Company of Amsrica
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OB" NEW
York, on th« Slst day of December; A. D.
1S!*9. and for tho rear endtng; on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the-
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections «10 and 811 of the Political Code
condensed as per blank furnished by th* Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash ; 800.000 0*
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $430,125 M
Cash In Banks 27,917 83
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans $,770 a
Premiums In du* Course of ColUo-
tlon O.12S *>
Internal Revenu* Stamps ............ u M
Total Assets ~$S50.»5i 77
LIABILITIES. '
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $32,107 m
Losses In process of Adjustment or * w
In Suspense m tS.rt on
Losses resisted Including expenses... ISO o>
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks run-
nlng one year or less. $178,945 TO;
reinsurance 60 per cent t3 iX2 ts
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlng more than ons year. $33,274 07;
reinsurance pro rata » *ii r>
All other demands against th* oom- *•••** *'
W M.771O
Total Liabilities .."tttuca
INCOME. -
Net Cash actually received for Firs
premiums $157 gu rt
Net Cash actually receded for Ma-
rine premiums rr *¦
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources H.E9T li
Received for profit on Bale of Bonds £074 33
Total Income H30.S43 65
EXPENDITURES. •
Net amount paid for Fire Losses... $128 121 13
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. ITlus rt
Dividends to Stockholders itwb oa
Paid or allowed for Commlssloa or '
Brokerage EO 129 7S
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for offlcrs. clerks, etc.. l_ns en
Paid for State. National and local
taxes g «4 M
All other payments and expenditures 2,»n 33
Total Expenditures '$228 331 33
Losses Incurred during the year $153,143 51
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the ,
year J34.007.23 $307 ns U
Net amount of Risks ?*«.-» «
expired during the
NJ:t ea amouni"in"for« S8 ' 873 ' m »«•«"»
December 31, 1899.... 25.125.453 231, 39 Tl
5°2F R I r , C ; T . R , ATHBONE - President,
s ,k - %IF C 5 EI1 RATHBOXK. Secretary.
Subscribed and ¦worn to before me. this 26tJ>
day of January. 1900. GEO. O. RUGER.
Notary Public
WINFIELDS. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telepliona 5988. San Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1S99. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to th« Insurance Commissioner of the
State cf California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np In
Cash I200.000 00
ASSETS. > . y.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '
Bonds owned by Company $461,650 00
Cash in Banks 4S.8S2 22
Interest due and accrued on all
p Stocks and Loans 2.442 75
; Premiums In due Course ot Collec-
tion 42.877 S3
Internal Revenue Stamps ...._ 29 90
Du© from C. T. Bowrlng & Co., *
Ltd.. Bankers 800 49
Total Assets $551.682 63
LIABILITIES. *
Losses Adjusted and unpaid I MS, 703 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 25,644 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. fSS 00
Gross premiums on Flro Risks run-
ning one year or less, $161,410 21;
reinsurance B0 per cent 10 705 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
nlng mere than one year, $42,143 70;
reinsurance pro rata. 25 240 63
All other demands against tbo com- '
P* 11^ • • W.41S 15
Total Liabilities ..! $m.;43 74
INCOMTJ. * ~~ *
Net Cash actually received for Flro
premiums $179,822 84
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $7 33
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks/ Loansv and from
all other sources 16,645 62
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. ' 23,391 94
Total Income $225,397 78
EXPENDITURES. ¦
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... 1143.119 59
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. 16.066 24
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 62.402 50
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 1.103 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes g.023 20
All other payments and expenditures 2.433 05
Total Expenditures $249,209 64
Losses Incurred during the year 1163,351 83
Risks and Premiums. Flro Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $31,458,175 J2S3.305 70
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 28.123,281 265,971 10
Net amount in force
December 31. 1899.... 21.544.117 203.553 91
E. C. CONVERSE. . President.
R. BLEECKER UATHBOXBJ. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th
day of January, 1900. GEO. O. RUGER.
,' Notary Public
WINFIELD'S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968. " San Francisco.
Weekly. Gall, $1.00 per Year.,
©TATIBMEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
.INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1S99, and for the
year endms on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Secttone
C10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. \H*
Amount of Caottal Stock paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Ca«h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,179,912 00
Cash in Banks 197.071 00
Interest due and : accrued on all
Stocks and Loans '. 11.661 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 160.415 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6.045 00
Policy Stamps on hand 1.406 00
Total Assets .$1,656.410 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process ot Adjustment or
in Suspense J181.S00 00
Gross premiums on Marino and In- 1 . : -*.-"
land Navljfatlon Risks, »........: I -- : -~ '¦¦¦:-¦'•''
reinsurance 100 per cent.. \ 144,915 00
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $....; reinsurance 60 per centj
All other demands against the com-
pany 67,160 00
Total Liabilities S3S3.875 00
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Ma- •'•
rlne premiums $480,052 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources .:... 37,779 00
Total Incomo $517.531 00
S EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. $391,475 00
Patd for Salaries, .fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, «tc 42.757 12
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 8,019 88
All other payments and expenditures .. 1,271 00
Total Expenditures ........: $443.623 00
Marine. '
Losses incurred during tha year $356,750 00
Marino
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks < ¦
wrlttsn during: the
year. . $74,880,740 $801.40100
Net amount of Risks
• expired during' the -
year 75,616.703 601.06100
Net amount In. force . . ¦ i : ¦ ¦
December 31, 1S99.... -7.427.650 144.915 00
J. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary. '.
¦ Subscribed and- sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January, 1900. • "•. W. s J. SULIS,
United States Deputy Consul at ; Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECPLS & BROS. COMPANY,
GENERAL AGENTS!
J. B^ F. DAVIS & SON,
MANACKItS,
215 SANSOME STREET,
" " SAN FRANCISCO.
' ' ' Telephone ' 596S.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SUN
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. ISM, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $230,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage 1SS.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ar>4
Bonds owned by Company 1,751,338 25
Cash In Company's Office 340 58
Cash In Banks 140,131 2S
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,96115
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,860 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion .* 262,947 87
Bills 'receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marina Risks, Rents
. due and accrued 1,318 67
Total Assets ..|2, 616.834 63
" LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $116,832 (»
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 63,157 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 18,033 00
Qrosn premium."* -on Fire Risks run-
ning ons year or less. $973,442 61;
reinsurance E0 per cent 419,721 SO
Gross premiums on Fire. Risk* run-
ning more than one year, $1,657,-
663 09; reinsurance pro rata 855,733 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1.316 67
All other demands against the com-
pany 62,148 27
Total Liabilities ..»t 606. 792 08
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ....$1.{?6,6S3 10
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages'. — . 8.0SO 00
Received for Interest : and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, I .owns, and from
all other sources 77,263»02
Received for Rents 10,303 93
Total Incom* .....' ...tl. 502, 335 07
EXPENDITURES. \ '.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. ...$1,057,497 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ... ..;....... 199,819 06
Patd for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc ¦ 102,784 70
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 45,963 40
All other payments and expenditures . 121,305 86
Total Expenditures ...ll.627.350 02
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... 81.048,569 63
Risks and Premiums. Fira Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J193.S40.763 $1,788,255 06
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 190,388,786 1.731,872 60
Net amount in force :
' December 31. 1809... 803.631.705 2.637,093 70
¦'• '-: T ¦ . : -'- - J. J. GUILE, Manager.
¦¦ Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of January, 1900. EDWIN F. COREY,
" - . : • Commissioner - for California.
J. B: F. DAVIS & SON,
General : Agents, Pacific Department,
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968, San Franoisco.Auditor Wells returned yesterday the
water bills of the School Department,
amounting to $6000. without his approval
on the ground that there is no appropria
tion in the school fund for that purpose,
but that there is a specific appropriation
for water used for municipal purposes.
Superintendent Webster held the same
view but experienced a . change • of mind
and finally, decided to sign the demands.
The action of the Auditor will, hold tho
bills up indefinitely. The Auditor quotes
the charter in defense of. his course,
which provides that it shall not be lawful
to transfer money ; from one fund to an
other or to use the same In payment of
demands upon another ,f und.
School Water Bills Held Up.
': The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs has sent a communication to the
Mayor ¦ in which it is stated that the or
ganization's attitude on ; the ¦ Maguire re
duced car fare bill; Is misunderstood by
some people. On that account it was re
solved at a -recent meeting to-Ieave the
matter to the individual clubs and no fur
ther action will be token by the federa
tion There being a division of sentiment
on the question It was also resolved to re
call the ' committee appointed to confer
with the Supervisors.
Cluhs -to Take Individual Action.
RUN DOWN BY A
CABLE CAR AND
SERIOUSLY HURT
Mrs. L. Schwarz of Los An
geles Meets With an
Accident.
Prominent Woman of the South
Narrowly Escapes Death While '
Crossing Market Street Near . 1
Lotta's Fountain. '/
: Mrs. -¦ Schwarz sustained • severe body
bruises and ft gash on the side of her
head. She was carried to the drugstore
on Third and Stevenson streets, where
temporary relief was administered. Soon
after Mrs.: Schwarz was -taken* to the
Palace Hotel in a carriage. Dr. Gardiner
has been attending her since the acci
dent. . \
Mrs. Schwarz is a prominent woman In
the social world of Los Angeles. Accom
panied by her -, two daughters ; she I has
been in this : city since > May 9. The party
Intended to return within a. day or two
buttheir departure may be delayed on
accountof the -accident. .'. ' '•¦ , .
Mrs. Schwarz . and her ¦ two daughters
had left the Palace Hotel, where they are
stopping, , at ' 11 o'clock. While crossing
from the south side of -the street oppo
site Lotta's fountain^ Mrs.- Schwarz be
came confused at the approach of Castro
street car No. 121 and seemingly could
not get out of the way In time to avoid
a collision. She was knocked down di
rectly in front of the dummy, which had
to be pushed back in order to lift her to
her feet. - ,
Mrs. L. Schwarz of Los Angeles nar
rowly escaped with her life yesterday
morning In a cable-car accident on Mar
ket street near Third. She was knocked
down by a car and had it not been for the
sudden stop by the grlpman would have
been run over without possibility of esr
cape from death: .
The warrants for the arrest of the tele
phone officials for refusing to pay: the li
cense tax; imposed on telephones were
handed to" Tax- Collector -Scotf yesterday
by District Attorney Bylngton. The war
rants are for. the .tirrest of Secretary Ea
ton: and President _Sabin of the -Pacific
Telephone Company and will be served by
Scott In a'dayor two. 3 The company has
positively '} declined ?' to " pay : a license of
any kind on the instruments and will take
the matter to the higher courts. :
Warrants for Telephone Officials.
, The -will of John • J. . Wegleln, who /died
May 10, leaving an estate exceeding $10,000
in value;' was filed ¦ for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeathed his. entire estate: to
his widow, Frederica Wegleln. Mrs.-Weg
loln Is named as; executrix and MaxRo
senthal executor of the will.
John J/ Weglein's Will.
"Lyrical Ballads" of 1798, is perhaps the
most remarkable volume of poetry the
eighteenth century produced;- certainly it
is the most important in its after effects.
Both Scott and Byron drew their inspira
tion from the new music of "Chrlstabel."
To no poet of his age do we owe a deeper
debt, not only for what he did, but 'for
what he caused others to do.
.So much has been written on Words
worth .that it seems a hopeless task to
take up the tale and say anything new.
From Coleridge and De Quincey to Ar
nold and Swinburne the foremost Eng
lish critics have delighted to dwell upon
his verse, to point out its merits and de
fects, to examine the theory of poetry
upon which it is based and to expound
the philosophy which It contains. And
the predilection with which criticism has
turned to Wordsworth has its good and
sufficient reasons. For three-quarters of
a century ho has been the most profound
and stimulating influence in English
poetry and has done more than any mod
ern poet to inform and strengthen Eng
lish life. For his poetry has a quality,
"fortifying and ennobling," that Is at
once unique and priceless. He was him
self well aware of this. "Trouble not
yourself," he wrote to a friend lament
ing the savage criticism which for the
moment cheaked the sale of his poems;
"trouble not yourself • upon their present
reception: of what moment Is that com
pared with what I trust is their destiny?
— to console the afflicted: to add sunshine
to daylight by making the happy hap-
pier; to teach the young and gracious of
every age to see. to think, to feel, and
therefore to become more actively virtu
ous." The superb self-confidence which
Inspired these words has been amply Jus
tified and it la well worth our while to
make an effort to discover the reason of
Wordsworth's influence and the sources
of his power.
Note^ — This study will be continued to
morrow. - >-£jj
New Ritual Adopted— The Officers for
Next Term Yet to Be ,
Elected.
At yesterday's session of the Supreme
Grand Circle of the Companions of the
Forest, A. O.- F., all the business was dis
posed of except the election of officers,
which was made the special order for 10
o'clock this morning.
The committee on written and unwritten
work presented a lengthy report which in
volved a number of minor changes in the
floor work and in the charges by the offi
cers of the subordinate circles. This re
port was adopted as presented. New rit
uals will be printed and sent to the cir
cles in exchange for the old ones without
cost to the circles.
The report of the committee on the state
of the order was a flattering one. It
showed that the Supreme Grand Circle is
in a healthy condition, having paid all de
mands against it and having enough on
hand to meet the expenses of the conven
tion. The report commends that portion
of the address of the supreme grand chief
companion which alludes to the great
harmony existing between the members
of the Ancient Order of Foresters and the
members of the Companions of the Forest-
In tho evening there was a banquet to
the officers and delegates In a Stockton
street dining-room, at which there were
present about seventy-five. John Falco
ner, P. S. G. C. C, was the toast-mas
ter. There was no programme of toasts,
but a large number of those who were at
the table were called upon to "make a few
remarks."
COMPANIONS OF FOREST
WILL ADJOURN TO-DAY
ROBERT BURNS.
erhood of man as a dogma of revealed
religion: he translated, as has been well
said, the gospel of Rousseau Into the
gospel. of St. Paul. He declared that the
cause of liberty was the cause of man.
prophesied that only reform could avert
revolution in England, and exulted in the
approaching fall of royal prisons, "the
abode of broken hearts." No wonder
that Dr. Franklin, that American em
bodiment of the revolutionary spirit,
found in the works of Cowper "something
so new in the manner" and so Just in the
sentiments" that he read "the whole with
pleasure and some of the pieces more
than once."
Burns, liko Cowper. is a poet of the
revolution, but he has none of Cowper's
calm and philosophic reverence of lib
erty. -He is a passionate democrat. . The
hardships- of his own life fired him with
bitter indignation against the injustice
of the prevailing social system, and he
looked to the ultimate triumph of revo
lutionary principles for the redress of
this injustice.
It's "coming yet, for a* that.
That man to man. the world o'er.
Shall brothers be for a' that.
Had Burns lived in France he would
have been a poet of the barricades. In
1792, the very year of the September mas
sacres, he sent a pair of guns seized from
a smuggler as a personal gift to the
French convention. At a public dinner he
proposed the tqast of "the last verse of
the last chapter of the last book of
Kings." Naturally enough, considering the
circumstances of his life. Burns was not
always consistent In his politics. The fear
of losing his place in the excise drew from
him a loud declaration of his attachment
to the British constitution. The threat
of French invasion called out one of the
finest of his patriotic sungs, but even In
this outburst he makes no secret of bis
democratic principles. . • .
Who will not sins: God save the kins.
Shall hang as high's the steeple;
But .while we sing God cave the kin?.
We'll ne'er forget the people.
One of the most striking characteristics
of the poetry of Burns is his passionate
love of nature. In this he is the true,
though perhaps unconscious, disciple of
Rousseau and the forerunner of Words
worth. "I never hear the loud solitary
whistle of the curlew in a summer noon,"
he writes to a friend, "or the wild mix-
Ing cadence of a troop of gray plover In
an autumnal morning without feeling an
elevation of soul like the ''enthusiasm of
devotion or poetry." This enthusiasm for
nature, a reaction from the urban and ar
tificial life of the eighteenth century, Is
one of the chief marks of the revolution
ary spirit in poetry. It had appeared al
ready in Cowper. but in Burns we have a
warmth of sympathy which da far in ad
vance of the English poet's attitude of
somewhat patronizing admiration. When
Burns sees the frightened mouse flying
before his plowshare he feels for It as a
"poor earth-born companion, a fellow mor
tal." "The Twa Dogs"* are as human as
Tarn o' Shanter and his crony. In the
fate of the mountain daisy the poet sees
an omen of his own. All nature, in fact,
is regarded by Burns as sharing. in the
feelings of humanity.
Even more intense and passionate was
his love for mankind. Burns was no
stricken deer that had left the herd, but
a living, loving, sinning and suffering man
such as English poetry had not known
since Shakespeare. He sings of what he
has seen and felt, the simple piety and
homely joys of "The Cotter's Saturday
Night," the laughing fun of "Halloween '
and the "Holy Fair, the rollicking good
fellowship inspired by John Barleycorn,
above all of love in all its phases, re
jected, despairing, triumphant and remin
iscent. Love poetry, silent in England
since the close ot the Elizabethan era.
sprang into glorious life in the songs of
this Scotch peasant. For there was in
Burns a quality of sentiment that Invest
ed even the basest passion with those rap
tures of fire and air that mark our older
poets. And even finer than these rap
tures is the tenderness of his sympathy
for sinning and suffering humanity. Not
Ignorant of evil, he knew how to pity; and
in sharp contrast with the preachers and
satirists of his century he drew over the
world the broad mantle of human charity.
But perhaps the characteristic which
most distinctly marks Burns as the poet
of the revolution is his spirit of rebellion
against the established order of things.
It is no calm plea for reform that we hear
in his poems, but a note of angry revolt,
springing from a sense of personal wrong
and' degenerating at times Into a selfish
license.
The gentry and tho domineering clergy
of his land are the objects of his keenest
shafts of scorn and the wildest spirit of
the French Revolution finds . perfect ex
pression In the song that closes the "Jolly
Beggars":
A flB for thOBe by law protected!
Liberty's a glorious feast!
- Courts for cowards were erected.
Churches built to please the priest!
Poets of Revolution and Reaction.
Southey, Coleridge and Wordsworth
form a-triad of poets closely connected in
their, lives and work. Alike subject to the
early influences of the revolution, they
alike reacted against it when the lust of
conquest supplanted the love of liberty.
.Southey .may be dismissed In a - few
words. As, a. poet ; he is dead. -.'His; ten
volumes of verse, ponderous epics and lu
dicrous 'ballads «%s relegated to the dust
of the. upper shelves. s A mere handful of
meditative poems survives to fill a corner
in the anthologies, and if he had not been
the friend of Wordsworth and Coleridge
his personality would be as vague, to us
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEN AGES OF" LITERATURE.
Henceforth Coleridge ranked among th*
conservatives. Ho never became a tory
reactionist, like Southey. But he aban
doned poetry and set himself to interpret
rather than to alter the Institutions, polit
ical and religious, of his country. Of his
influence over the later thought of Eng
land this is not the place to speak. It is
enough to say that he became the spirit
ual father of nineteenth century intellect
ual liberalism, and in the last years of his
life his home at Hlghgate was as an or
acle where the noblest minds of his coun
try repaired for inspiration.
It Is not possible to overestimate the
rank of Coleridge In English literature.
He recreated the ode, the ballad, and tho
metrical romance. He quickened the
stronger but more slowly moving genius
of Wordsworth, and their Joint work, the
as that of any eighteenth-century lau
reate. Perhaps his surest title to immor
tality is found in the undying scorn which,
Byron poured out upon him in the "Vision
of Judgment." Here Southey appears as
the Epic Renegade who
Had written praises of a reclcide:
And written pratse9 of all kings what»v.»r;
He h.id written for republics far and wide.
,-And then against them bitterer than ever.
let Southey was never the unprincipled
turncoat these lines imply. He had hon
estly espoused the principles of the-revolu
tion and as honestly recoiled from the ex
cesses of the reign of terror. But there
was something hard, narrow and Philis
tlnic about Snuthey's later work that par
ticularly exposed him to the onslaught of
Byron. His lauded "Ode During th« Ne
gotiations for Peace" is in substance a
savage, cry for the blood of Napoleon, ami
in his "Vision of Judgment. a poem
whose dullness is equaled only by its un
conscious profanity, he consigns \Vilk<>3
and Junlus to hell because in life they had
dared to oppose that great and good King.
George III. But enough of Southey.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge Is the very an
tipodes of Southey. A far profounder
thinker and loftier poet, he was lament
ably inferior as a man. But his rank aa
a poet is little disturbed by his moral fail
ings, although the quantity of his poetic
production was undoubtedly lessened.
With a few exceptions all his verso was
written in the last decade of the century.
and it could be included in a narrow com
fiass. But it contains infinite, riches In a
Ittle room. He broke away as no one
yet had ventured to do from all the tradi
tions of the century. The exaltation of hl3
odes, the mystery in simplicity of the
"Ancient Mariner." the haunting music of
"Chrlstabel"— all these are absolutely new.
Coleridge was inspired above his fellows
by the spirit of the revolution. As a
schoolboy he exulted in the fall of tho
Bastile. At Cambridge he was the asso
ciate of Frend, who was expelled for unl
tarlanism and sedition. Against Pitt,
whom he regarded as tho representative
of the anti-revolutionary spirit, he launch
ed the dreadful invective of "Fire, Famine
and Slaughter." His finest burst of revo
lutionary feeling Is found In the "Ode to
tho Departing Year"— 1797. But the next
year saw a complete change. Already
sickened by the massacres of the Terror,
ne shrank In horror from the French
assault on the liberties of Switzerland,
and the greatest of his odes — "France" —
sings his formal recantation of revolution
ary principles.
THE POETRY OF AN. AGE OF REVOLUTION.
XXn. GOLDEN AGE OF ENGLISH
POETBY. -
BY 'THOMAS MARC PARROTT; PH,D.
The poetry of the- age of Wordsworth
and Byron Is the poetry of an age of rev
olution. It does , riot. "»lo. be sure,; spring
directly from the political upheaval In
France, hut It Is closely associated with
It, a product of the same great movement
for -liberty of thought and action. With
one great exception, the poets of the age
take sides for or against. In certain cases
both for and against, this movement, and
it is by their common interest in the rev
olution and their varying attitude to its
successive phases that poets so dissimi
lar in form and spirit as Cowper and
Scott. Burns and Shelley, Byron and
Coleridge, are mutually related. And a
study of their work from this point of
view lends a unity otherwise Impossible
of attainment to one of the most brlllant
ages of English literature.
Forerunners — Cowper and Burns.
The new note Is first struck In "Table
Talk" and its companion poems in 17S2.
Cowper owed little or nothing to the poets
of the preceding generation. His revolt
against the accepted conventionalities of
his time, his close observation of nature,
his delight In the simple human affec
tions, all mark him aa the poet of a new
day. And in politics, as in literature,
Cowper has something of the revolution
ary spirit. The most devout of Chris
tians, he accepted the idea of the broth-
The San 'Francisco Credit Men's Asso
ciation was .organized yesterday at' a
meeting held In the rooms of the . San
Francisco Board of Trade. There were
about twenty present. The credit men
are those who determine what customers
of a house, are entitled to credit, and
watch that phase of the business as a
specialty.
The preliminary work was done by a
committee of which Morris Feintuch was
chairman. Mr. Feintuch presided and
spoke of the advantages of the proposed
organization. The National Credit Men's
Association, he said, had about 3500 mem
bers. It had brought about some legisla
tion of value to the business community.
In some States laws had been passed pre
venting the sale of stocks of goods In bulk
without notice to the creditors. The mer
cantile agency work had been Improved
by the influence of the National Associa
tion. One agency had made known that
83 to 84 per cent of statements were now
signed. Formerly the limit was 26 per
cent.
Mr. Felntuch's remarks proved to be
convincing and the organization was
speedily formed. The ! purposes, as set
forth in the constitution and by-laws, are
as follows:
This association Is organized for protective
as well as educational purposes; to promote
and combine the Intelligence of members for
protection against Imposition, injustice and
fraud; to agitate and effect changes in the
collection and bankruptcy laws or thl» and
other States and the protection of creditors
agatnst abuses now prevalent; to bring about
improvements and Rreater similarity In busi
ness methods,' customs and usages of trade
and to establish closer ties of business asso
ciation among the members; to improve the ex
isting methods of the diffusion of Information,
and for the collection and dissemination of
data relative to the subject of credits.
The by-laws provide that the board of
directors shall act in harmony with the
National Credit Men's Association.
The following named were elected di
rectors: T. J. Parsons of the Del Monte
Milling Company, J. J. Schutz of Haas
Brothers, M. Feintuch of the Wer
theimer Company; G. Brenner of L.
& O. Brenner. S. W. Fuller of Hay
wood Brothers & Wakefleld, C. L.
Bonestell of Bonestell & Co., Ferdinand
Frohman of the California Wine Associa
tion. W. C. McCloskey of Miller, Sloss A
Scott; C. J. Lutgen of J. A. Folger & Co..
D. A. Hulse of Hulse. Bradford & Co.',
H. P. Capell of M. J. Brandensteln & Co.,
G. I,. Cunningham of the American Steel
and Wire Company, G. C. Nevin of
Nathan. Dohrmann & Co.: F. B. Nelson
of the Dairymen's Union. This board will
elect a president, two vice presidents and
a secretary- Arthur Bray acted as secre
tary of the meeting.
New Association Formed t or Protec
tion Against Fraud and to Bring ;
About Amendment to
Bankruptcy Laws.
They Will Co-operate With
National Association in
" - ~ ¦
Its Work.
CREDIT MEN OF
GITY ORGANIZE
ID ADOPT LAWS
Railroad Commissioners Adjourn.
There was a brief, adjourned meeting of
the Railroad Commission .yesterday for
the purpose of giving the Attorney Gen
eral an opportunity, to communicate 1 'with
the commission if he desired to do so
after receiving its request to proceed
against the Southern Pacific Company in
the courts in the Fresno rate case. The
secretary of the. board - officially notified
the members that he had placed in the
hands of the Attorney General their-res
olution adopted on Monday, together
with the request for immediate action.
The board then adjourned.
Overcharged for Jail Supplies.
Sheriff Lackmann forwarded a commu
nication to the Board of Supervisors yes
terday In which he complains that the
city has ' been overcharged by James
Snook & Co., the contractors for jail sup
plies. For the months of January, Feb
ruary and March' the Sheriff' says that
$984 IS is due the city. The discrepancies
occur on account of tho difference of opin
ion existing between the Sheriff and con
tractors as to what constitutes a ration.
The Police Committee will take up the
matter to-morrow afternoon.: .
Joseph Amostich Wanted by the Po
lice for Stabbing M. Maladinich,
» a Waiter, in the Back.
M. Maladinich, a waiter In a restaurant
at 234 East street, swore to a complaint In
Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Joseph Amostich, the proprie
tor, on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. .
A customer ordered a ham sandwich
Monday and Maladinich repeated the or
der to the cook, who objected to the way
in which it was given. The coolc appealed
to Amostich. and during the squabble
Amostich called Maladinich a liar. Mala
dinich slapped Amostich"s face and called
him an offensive name. This roused the
blood of Amostich and seizing a knife he
Etuck it In Maladinlch's back.
BLOODSHED CAUSED
BY A HAM SANDWICH
Cronin end I>efifendorf^Indicted.
The Federal Grand Jury found true bills
cf indictment >esterday against William
Cronin and George Deffendorf for bur
giariztrg the postoffice at Benicia.
Making Clothing for the Poor.
The midyear meeting of the San Fran
c'.fco branch of the Needlework Guild of
America met yesterday afternoon at the
rpsidence of Mrs. Horace Davis, 1800
Broadway. The reports showed that 10.8G6
parments were distributed to the poor dur
ing the year last past by the local branch.
Mrs. Davis made a speech urging mem-
Iktp to lnrrease their efforts and spend
pome of their time at the seaside and
mountains making clothing for the poor.
Yesterday was memorial day in the or
der of Native Daughters of the Golden
West in accordance with a resolution of
the Grand Parlor adopted several years
ago.
Each of the thirteen local parlors had
representatives visit the several cemete
ries where the dead of the order are at
rest to strew their graves with flowers
and place 1 wreaths of immortelles on the
headstones In tender remembrance of the
time when in life those who have passed
away were worthy .sisters.
La Estrella Parlor No. 89 held special
service last night in the Shasta Hall of
the Native Sons' building in memory of
three of the members who passed to the
great beyond during the past year. These
were Mrs. T. foster, Mrs. Lillian A. Car
lie and Mrs. Kate Ross. The second
named was the founder of the parlor.
There were no emblems cf mourning in
the hall, hut the altar and rfhe several
stations wore covered with beautiful flow
ers, while In front of the station of the
president were the three chairs that were
left vacant by the members namt-d.
These were each entwined with garland3
of flowers and between them was an easel
draped with the American flag. The of
ficers and members of the parlor entereJ
the hall from an anteroom and marched
around while an orchestra played ' Cho
pin's funeral march. In passing the va
cant chair each deposited roses. Miss Ju
lia Vasselin. the president, made a few
remarks upon the beautiful custom of
honoring the memories of the dead, after
which the secretary called the roll, the
marshal anawering after rach -name
"present" until the names of Foster, Car
lie and Roes were called, when she an
swered "absent." ¦ •
Miss Josie McCarthy offered up a fer
vent prayer, after which a quartet sang
"Nearer, My God. to Thee." Miss Eliza
D. Keith, grand treasurer of the order.
Decorating Graves With Flowers.
Sp-cial Ceremonies by La Es
trella Parlor in Native
Sons' Hall.
Memorial Service by Parlors
of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West.
REMEMBRANCE
OF THE DEAD
OE ONE YEAR
delivered an eloquent address appropri
ate to the occasion, giving expression to
many beautiful sentiments. Mrs. M. Mld
dleton rendered "Flee an a Bird," which
was followed by the reading of an extract
from "Thanatopsis" by Miss Clara K.
Wittenmeyer, past grand president, after
which William Fenstermacher sang "The
Holy City." Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, past
grand president, delivered the eulogy of
the dead, dwelling particularly upon the
life work and the patriotism of the late
Mrs. Carlie. whose love for the order was
exceeded only by her love of country and
flag* The members of the parlor rose and
sang an ode which was written by Mrs.
Carlie, and as the last lines were being
sung the, flag on the easel was raised,
displaying to view a life-sized portrait of
the author of the ode. This is to hang on
the wall of the parlor she founded. After
a selection by the orchestra the services
closed." "
ARGUMENTS ARE HEARD
IN KILPATRICK CASE
A-ttcrneys Present Their Cases and
Board of Education Will Shortly
Bender a Decision.
Arguments in the case of Principal Kil
latrick, who has been on trial for the last
two veeks. wore heard yesterday before
th<* Board of Education. Attorney Ash
to disprove the charge that
KDpatrfck had not secured his diploma in
the rrprular way. The allegation that KI1
ratri^k had behaved unbecomingly at the
ifaxnmam baths was touched on and ref-
made »o the withdrawal of the
• •harpe by the prosecution. General
Buna followed Ash and ascribed the
whole fight against Kilpatrick to school
teachers.
Attorney Hilton held that forgery or
perjury had been commitu-d if Kilpatrick
had net ss^nt a certain message from a
«-<=-rUiin French restaurant. The case was
then taken under advisement by the
"'¦oard and a decision will be rendered In a
.fw days.
H. N. Bryant, the "Hobo" Witness.
CONFESSION OF "HOBO" WITNESS.
?
<tj\ r? Y testimony on the stand in Judge Troutt's court as to Senator Fair
|w\\ Introducing me to Mrs. Craven as his wife was correct and I would
jl M Umake the same statement again. Senator Fair's requesting me to
keep It a secret was also correct. My motives in making the state
ments were the purest, for I had a desire to see Mrs: Craven get a portion of
the property, as I believe she is entitled to it; but whether she ever became
Senator Fair's wife or not I do not, know.
"I do not believe that she ever did, for Senator Fair told me afterward
that she was not his wife nor did he ever intend to marry her, but said she
was trying to compel him to and Insisted that she be introduced as his wife,
which I believe she was to others besides myself.
"He said he was in trouble with her and wanted to set rid of her and
asked me to go to her and seej what kind of a settlement I could get, which I
at first agreed to but afterward declined to do. •
"He told me^he had given her money with a lavish hand, but she spent It
as fast as she received it and he should stop unless he could get a settle
ment with her. I advised him to settle with her and get out of the trouble
and I have every reason to believe that negotiations were opened up for that
purpose but at his death had not been. consummated. Hence she now seeks
to establish herself as his wife and share in the property, which 1" still think
she is entitled to'and would have got had the Senator lived a few months
longer.
"I make this statement because I have not been treated right by Mrs.
Craven and her lawyers, who agreed to see that I was protected, which they
have made no attempt to do. They have allowed the opposition to ridicule mo
in a shameful manner and put men of disrepute on the stand to prove that I
had testified falsely. This statement is composed of facts and I make it in
self-defense, that the public may know why and how I came into the Cra
ven-Fair case. The public may Judge who the sinners and perjurers are.
t ¦:. "H. N. BRYANT."
noon. Friday W. M. Pierson will argue
from 9 to 12 in the forenoon and Lafe
Pence will make the closing argument
from 1:30 to 4:30 in the afternoon.
Governor' Budd opened yesterday morn
ing's session of the trial by offering on
the part of the Fair heirs the judgment
roll In the suit on the deeds which Judge
Slack held void ajid the Judgment regard*
Ing the trust will. Objection was made by
Lafe Pence and sustained.
Attorney Walter H. Linforth, ex-Collec
tor John H. Wise and John \V. Nye, real
estate dealer at 314 Montgomery street,
testified in rebuttal that Lee D. Craig's
reputation was good. ¦»
"Didn't you meet Oscar Sutro last
March and tell him you thought Craig
was lying in this case?" asked Attorney
Pierson.
"On the contrary," replied the witness,
"Sutro asked me if I would no't swear I
wouldn't believe Craig under oath, and I
told him I'd believe him, oath or no
oath."
Frank D. Webb, salesman for Murphy,
Grant & Co.. testified that he met Mrs.
Craven on Kearny street May 23. 1S92,
walked with her to her home, *23 Sutter
street, and that Senator Fair opened the
door for them. He saw her again the
next day at her home.
"You are a captain, are you not?"
asked Attorney Pierson. while engaged In
finding out all about the witness.
"I gave my name as plain Frank D.
Webb." replied the witness. "I've quit
the military entirely."
"If he's honestly trying to live down
his past give him a chance,", said Lafe
Pence, and a laugh enlivened the dryness
of the proceedings. ...
? John Falconer, grand secretary of^the
Foresters, testified that Justice Simpton
told him in 1896 that Senator Fair and
Mrs. Craven were married.
Mrs. Elizabeth Roy, formerly secretary
of the Companions of the Forest, was
recalled for cross-examination. She ac
knowledged having been arrested for
petty larceny through her connection
with a penny purchasing agency, but said
she was acquitted and that she paid $750
back to subscribers, pledging her Jewels
to help raise the money.
Attorney Pierson was called to the
stand by Mrs. Craven-Fair's counsel and
asked by Attorney Lafe Pence:
"Are you willing to produce the diary
of 1892?"
"We found none save the office diary
of Bresse & Angus," Mr. Pierson re
plied.
"Are you willing to spend two or three
hours searching with us down there in
the morning?" asked Pence.
"No. I'm not," was the reply.
"Are you willing to tell us where you
found that diary Introduced yesterday?"
"No, I'm not."
"Then, willing or unwilling, I. ask you
to tell." .
Mr. McEnerhey objected, and during
the argument that followed Pence spoke
of the rifled trunk at the Cliff House.
Mr. Pierson finally stated that the diary
camo from Captain Lees.
DDV AMT Q A VC CT A ID
Dn I /AIN 1 O/-V To r7Alr\
i Erf t\ Ti Cj lJ DJ-^/\v>i\1V1/\1 1.
"How Witness Changes
Import of Testimony He
Gave for Mrs. Craven by
Adding More to It.
He Declares Senator Fair
Told Him He Was Not
Married to Mrs/Craven
and She Wanted Money.
ANOTHER of Mrs. Craven-Falr'a
star witnesses has fallen dovn and
tells a story that Injures Instead of
supports her rause. H. N. Bryant,
who has attaJned some notoriety as the
"hobo" witness, issued a signed confes
sion yesterday in which he charges that
the late James G. Fair told him that Mrs.
Craven was not his wife, but was trying
to force him to recognize her as such and
that it was Mrs. Craven's importunities
that made the Senator introduce her as
his wife.
This is? another sensation in a case that
has been full of them. Bryant's change
of base bears a strong similarity to the
recanting of Bylva and Simpton, who first
ma.de statements for Mrs; Craven and
then made directly contrary ones. Taken
In connection with the changes of these
two witnesses the confession of Bryant is
most important.
Bryant does not absolutely change the
testimony which he has already given up
on the stand, but he comes forward with
a statement that he did not tell all that he
knew, and while what he told was true,
what ho did not tell puts an entirely dif
ferent aspect upon the meaning conveyed
by his testimony.
Bryant's original testimony was given
on March 12 and 13, at which time he told
the court that he knew Senator Fair dur
ing his lifetime and that upon the occa
sion of a visit to the latter's office Mrs.
Craven made a call upon the Senator, dur
ing which there were some exciting words
between them. Then everything was
smoothed over and Senator Fair intro
duced Mrs. Craven to Bryant as his wife.
The story of Bryant stopped at this
point and ne was subjected to a rigid
cross-examination. In which he was pretty
badly handled and no small amount of
ridicule was poked at him. He was dub
bed "the hobo witness 1 ' and for several
days his testimony was attacked.
Bryant became angered at the way in
which his name and character were being
bandied about, and yesterday he made a
full confession to The Call as to his en
tire connection with the Craven-Fair
suits. He says that while Senator Fair
did introduce Mrs. Craven to him as his
wife upon that occasion the Senator also
told him that he was compelled to do so,
because Mrs. Craven was making him so
much trouble.
Bryant la now living at the Galindo Ho
tel In Oakland. It was at that place that
he made and signed a written confession.
"I am tired of this constant attack upon
my name and character," said Mr. Bry
ant, "and 1 am now determined to make a
full statement. What I have already
stated is absolutely true, but there are
some other things to be told. I have not
one word of my testimony already given
to change, but I have something to add to
Jt. They have been talking about my hav
ing committed perjury. That Is not so. I
told the truth, but merely refrained from
telling certain matters that I was re
quested to keep secret.
"I have not been properly protected by
the attorneys for Mrs. Craven. I offered
them my story because it might have been
of benefit to her and then they allowed
me to be attacked in the most shameful
manner. I am now determined to tell all,
which I have not done before." -
Bryant thea prepared and signed a
a statement explaining his connection
with the case.
EEALY POR ARGUMENT.
Craven-Fair Case Testimony Is Now
All Before the Court.
After days and weeks and months of
court proceedings, at times dreary and
monotonous from the dry, formal argu
ments of counsel, reading of documentary
evidence and taking of expert handwrit
ing testimony, at others scintillating with
and full of excitement from new and sen
sational testimony and replete with witty
repartee and heated altercations of oppos
ing counsel, the Craven-Fair case came to
an end yesterday in Judge Troutt's court
so far as evidence and testimony are con
cerned, leaving behind it a malodorous
trail, rank with the stench of corruption.
There remains now but the argument of
counsel. This will commence to-day and
close Friday. Charles J. Pence will open
for Mrs. Craven-Fair at 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon and close at 4:30. He will be
followed to-morrow by Garret McEner
ney, who will talk from 9 a. m. to 12.
Ex-Oovernor Jamcs.H. Budd will occupy
the time from 1:30 to 4:30 Thursday after-
Returns Show That Project
Is Meeting With Much
Encouragement.
One Hundred and Eighteen Local
Business Firms Indorse the
Proposition by Becom
ing Members.
From returns received by the execu
tive committee of the Pacific Commercial
Mu5eum it appears that the business men
Ot Pan Francisco are meeting th« propo
sition in a. hearty manner. The number
of names enrolled up to the presnt time
; 3 most gratifying to those having in
i harge th« matter of po-liciting member
tfiip. I'p to Monday evening IIS houses
hsuJ signed the membership roll and many
nore have signified, their Intention of do
ing so. It Is stated at headquarters that
as coon as 210 members hav© come in
committees ¦will be appointed to interest
outside cities of the Pacific Coast In the
museum, and from advices received ex
cellent results are expected.
The Pacific Commercial Museum has
been indorsed by the commercial bodies
of San Francisco and by the State Bank
ers' Association as being worthy of the
tupport of every one intonated in the
commercial welfare of the coast. The ar
rangements inade with the Philadelphia
Commercial Museum are. such, that the
etart here Is under the most favorable
conditions, having the benefit of recipro
cal relations with that splendid Eastern
institution.
The following is the list of subscribing
members up to Monday evening:
Abracison-Heunisch Company; American Steel
tr.d Vire Company; J. JC Armsbjr & Co.;
Alaska Commercial Company; Bowers Rubber
Company: M. J. BraniJenstrtn & Co.: Baruch &
Co.; C. E. Bickford; Bank of California- B*ker
* Haznlltim; Byron Jackfon Machtne works;
Blake, Moffltt & Towne; Boaenell & Co.; Bern
hard Mattress company; J. Brett & Co.; Cali
fornia W1ne Association; Carlfon-Curricr Com
pany; Castle "Sros.; The IL N. Cook Belttn*
Company- Cunningham, CurtUs & Welch: H. 6.
Crocker Company; Corralltos Paprr Mill Com
pany; City of Paris Dry Goods Company; Com
mercial Publishing Company; Compreswd Air
Machinery Company; Thomas Day Company;
Henry l>eyl# Company; Dunham, Carrlgan &
Haydpn Company; George E. Dow Pumping
Zr.gin* Company: L.. P. t>egen: The Examiner;
J. A. Folder & Co.; E. H. Frank & Co.; Floris
t~n Pulp and Paper Company; W. P. Fuller &
Co.; the Oor»e H. Fuller Desk Company;
Uur.dlach-Bundschu Comvany; Gutta Pereha
and Rubber Manufacturing Company; M. A.
Gusf: A: Co; D. Ghiraxdelli Company: Greene
taum, Weil & Mlchels; Georg« W. Gibbs Com
pany; W. T. Garratt & Co.; Oildb^rgr. Bowen
& Co.; Haas Bros.; Hay & Wripht; Kills Bros.;
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society; Hoffman,
Rotfcchild & Cc; Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson;
IlrywoM Bros, and Wakefleid Company; tluis',
Bradford 4. Co.; JoPhua. Hendy Machine Works;
Henshaw-Bulkley Company; Italian-Swiss Ag
ricultural Colony; Indianapolis Furniture Com
pany; Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company;
Jones-Paddock Company; Kufua P. Jennings;
J. C. Johnson & Co. ; Krogh Manufacturing
Company; Kullman. Sail A Co.; Kron Tanning
Company; Lachman &. Jacobi; L*^ge & Has
kine; I>» Count Bros.; McCarthy Bros.; Meese
A; Gottfried Company; Murphy, Grant & Co.;
W. \V. Montague & Co.: Miller, Sloss & Scott;
Mfyerfeld. Mitchell & Co.; Neustadter BroF.;
Nathan. Dohnnann & Co.; George M. Newha.ll;
< "attain <"harle« Nelson; Otle, McAllieter & Co.;
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Company;
<>r;heum Circuit Company; Oregon Coal and
Navigation Company; Parrott & Co.; Payot.
T.'rham & Co.; James D. Phelan; Paraffine
1'air.t Company; ]>aj-k? & Lacy; Pacific Mail
t-jeamship Comoany; Redincton & Co.; J. A.
Koebllng'f Sons Company; UisUon Iron Work*;
fcussman. Vormser & Co.; W. & J. Sloane &
Co.; f-ach* Bros. & Co.; C. Schilling & Co.; A.
Schilling A Co.; Pan Francisco Novelty and
Plating Works; John D. gpreckels; Fhreve &
Cn.; gan FranciFco Savings Union; Fan Frun
cisco Breweries (Limited); Levl Strauss & Co.:
tcuthern Pacific «'om;»any; Sanborn, VaJl &
Co.; Tillmann & Bendel; Thannhauser & Co.;
Oeorpe II. Tay Comnany; Toyo Kfsen Kaisha:
Tubb* Cordace Company; Vrla*te & Co.; Union
Palp and Paper Company; Union Iron Work*:
'. ...::-.r..<. IMmond A. Co.; C. K. Worden & Co.;
Vhitakf-r & Ray Company; ¦Willamette Pulp
• nd I'aoer Company; D. X. & E. Walter &
Co.; Yokohama Specie Bank A. Zel-
MANY BUSINESS
HEI SUBSCRIBE
TO THE MUSEUM
, SAN FRANCISCa CALL, WEDNESDAY; MAY 16, 1900. '
it,-. ¦ i ' : ' - ~ " ~ • • . - ¦ - - - , .-. ,
Murphy Is Convicted.
Joseph Murphy was convicted by a Jury
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of. burglary in the. second degree
On March 5 last he entered the premises
at 1230 Market street for the purpose of
committine larceny.
Members of Young Hen's Instituts
Will Entertain Their Friends in
in Santa Cruz Mountains.
Cathedral^ Council No. 53 of the Yountr
Men's Institute will hold its annual outing
next Saturday at Sunset Park, in the
Santa Cruz Mountains. The members
have distributed a great many invitations
and a very select gathering is assured.
The usual games and other features of
the ordinary picnic are to be dispensed
with. An orchestra has been engaged to
furnish music for those who may desire
to dance. A fine programme of vocal and
instrumental music has also been ar
ranged.
The committees in charge of the outing
are as follows:
Arrangements— P. F. McCarthy (chair
man). E. J. Dollard. Daniel C. Deasy. J.
D. Mahoney. Charles Beardsley. L. A.
Kelly. Frank I. Gonzales. P. J. Farrell. T.
P. Martin, W. Cheater Keogh (secretary>.
Programme— I* A. Kelly.. E. J. Dollard.
D. C. Deasy. f**&SKm&&
Floor manager. Xeal Power: assistant.
A. L. Artlgues.
Floor committee— Albert H. Qtratman,
Joseph McCusker, W. F. Humphrey, P.
Matthews, Harry A. Byrnes. William A.
O'Leary. Arthur W. Dollard; Bernard J.
Hyland, Fred E. Farmar, Charles T. Mc-
Carthy.
Transportation— P. F. McCarthy. J. D.
Mahoney, W. Chester Keogh.
CATHEDRAL COUNCIL
TO GIVE AN OUTING
AMATURO SAID HIS
BRIBE WAS A GIFT
Trial of a Japanese Immigrant for
Offering Twenty-Five Dollars
to Inspector Geffeney.
Iavanasa Amaturo, a Japanese Immi
grant, was placed on trial yesterday In
the United States District Court, before
a jury, on the charge of having attempted
to bribe A. H. Geffeney. one of the United
States Immigration inspectors.
1 Inspectors Crawford and De la Torre
testified that they were on board the Do
ric on March 25, 1S39. and that they saw
the defendant hand Mr. Geffeney $25.. Mr.
Geffeney thereupon placed Amaturo un
der arrest. -
The defendant was represented by John
E. Qulnn and Edward Lande. When Am
aturo was placed on the witness stand for
the purpose of telling his story they asked
that Mr. Geffeney, the complaining wit
ness, act as interpreter of Japanese. To
this arrangement no objection was made.
Amaturo swore that Geffeney. called him
aside and asked:
"What can you do for me?"
Amaturo replied with cheerful laconlsm:
"Twenty-five dollars as a present.". He
swore also that he did not think there
was anything wrong in the making of a
gift to an official. It was a common thin*
In Oriental countries, he said.
The case will be argued before the jury
this morning.
S. T. COINER IDG E.
9
POSTUM CEBEAL.
AT A SEWING SOCIETY.
Lady Gets Funny on a Harmless (P)
Drink.
"Our Sewing Society meets every
week to eew, and »ve always have lunch.
Just as sure as I take a cap of coffee I
V act. so silly and say such absurd things
; t seems as though I were intoxicated.
I feel so ashamed of myself, but cannot
help it. My heart will go like a trip-
hammer ana I am invariably kept awake
half of that night. So I thought I
would take my Postum Food Coffee the
next time, and you should have heard
the nan^s they called me— 'old maid,'
'crank,' etc. But before the lunch was
through Poftum had. more than one
convert, and those who tried it were de-
lighted. They had heard of it, but had
no idea it was so good.
"I have given a deal of Postum
away to friend?, just to convince them
fho'.v good it is. and they invariably
adopt it. There arc so many people
who cannot drink coffee without it dis-
tressing them, and Postum Food Coffee
seems to be exactly the thing. Postiim 1
and I have been old friends for years.
fl began the use of it when it was first
introduced, four or five years ago. At
first I thought I could r.ot use it for the
vay I made it. it was so flat and taste-
less, but when I found out that it simply
required long boiling, the old trouble
di c appcarcd and we always have an ele-
gant cup of coffee, when we make Pos-
tum right." Send postal card to Postum
fi-real Co., Ltd.. Battle Creek, Mich..
JfV the name and address. Put a small
piece of butler the size of two peas in
the pet, to prevent it boiling over.•W — \;
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
rimes and Heights of High and Low
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal "
May 15. 19C0. '
The time ball was not dropped to-day 'on
account of failure of the mechanism.
C. G.CALKIN3
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge
CHICAGO. May 15.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2000;
steers, steady; butchers' etock, active, firmer.
Native*— Best on Bale to-day, one carload at
$5 25: good to prime steers, J5@5 75; poor to
medium. $4 25@4 SO; selected feeders, barely
steady. $4 25<ff5; mixed utoekers. ' slow, J3 75«j)
4; cows. J3#4 60: heifers. *3 :»5?5 10: canners.
$2 40*53 £0; bulls, steady. $2 S(Wf4'25: calves.
25^f.0c higher than last Tuesday. . Texan fed
eteem, J4S5 J5; Texas bulls, $3 2r>@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 17.C00; to-morrow,
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 8Vi . . 5 8
Closing 5 8 5 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 19 90 2145
Closing '. 19 95 21 45
Flour —
Opening 26 20 .28 00
Closing 26 ?0 27 95
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour slow
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 64@64%c- No 2
red, 70HC71e:.No. 2 corn, 36c: No. 2 yellow Me*
No. 2 oats. 22%ff23c; No. 3 white. 24%ff?25>4c: No'
2 rye. 53%c; good feeding barley, 374c: fair to
choice malting. 33@42c: No. 1 flax seed. « go-
No. 1 Northwestern, $180; prime timothy seed
JL "JL m « S o,5?J k >'- per bbI> $1 ° 50 @" 6 °: lard, per
100 bs, $6 80-S6 95; short-rib sides (loose). *6 &£
670; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6HS6?lc
short clear sides (boxed). S7 05®7 15; whisky
gra 8 dV £!* h *' InC8 ' J1 25: Cl0Ver ' co "£act
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm^Z
Flour, barrels 14,000 jT^T*
Wheat, bushels 34000 121 n^
Corn, bushels .....i/. " "s'000
Oats, bushels 210 000 lesnnn
Rye, bushels 5^ l%$>
Barley, bushels 43^ *•<**>
Chicago & Kastern Illinois 100
Chicaco & Northwestern...... 15S',i
NEW YORK ETOCK LIST.
Hharcs Closlnr
Bold. Stock*— Bid.
4.075 Atchison 24vfc
27.7S5 AtchiKcn prefd CSVi
10,<«>0 Baltimore & Ohio ~A\.
€70 Canadian Pacific $«
100 Canada Southern tH4
MW Chesapeake & Ohio ;.... 27\i
22.000. Chicago Great Western 12>4
12.200 ChicaKO Kurllnrton & Quincy 12i\
COO Chicago Ind & Louisville 2l£
t.'hleitpo Ind & Louisville prefd £2
NEW YORK. May 15.— Operations In the
Ftock market continued to be left largely to
yjrofessional hands to-day, the movement be
ing exceedingly irregular and confused all day.
Generally (--peaking it could be fairly said
that railroad stocks were firm to strong while
the industrials were weak. This distinction
v. as obvious at the opening of the market and
the day's tradinp tended rather to emphasize
It, except that the demoralizing tendencies
In the steel industrials ultimately affected the
whole lif-t and dragged back even the strongest
of the railroads. There was a. brief show of
strength after the opening by Federal Steel
and Steel and Wire, probably on covering of
thorts Rfiid en yesterday's break, but in the
late trading these stocks as weli as others of
the group fell to the lowest. The declines
rar.g< •! all the way from 1 to nearly 6 points,
the latter Tennessee Coal. There su no
definite news to account for the weakness, but
rumors were plentiful that dividends would
be reduced or passed and that further deep
cuts were pending in the price of the output
of the larpest competitor of the pteel com
pa.ni«-e nhiae stocks are dealt In on the Stock
Exchange. The declaration of a nrst dividend
on the common Etock of National Tube and
the reports of the reopening of sundry mills
had no effect in checking the decline. Among
:hf notable exceptions to the weakness In the
Industrial department were the group of New
York City stock*, including American Ice.
Consolidated Gas led In the rise of 5 points
and the local tractions responded. A meeting
of the directors of the American Sugar Refining
Company caused an uneasy demand from the
fhortt. which lifted the etock at one time 2*4.
In the railroad list Burlington continued In
good demand at an extreme advance of 1% in
eplte of denials of the rumored refunding
plan. The granger group and Western rail
rend stocks were most benefited In sympathy
and fho»fd good advances In eplte of reports
of declining traffic, both east and west bound.
There «»f fai«i to be large buying for account
of an outstanding short Interest in the West
In the railroad list. The international depart
rner-t was helped by some buying for London
account, where price* rallied on easier money
and the encouraging war news. The relief to
the London money market afforded by the
receipts of Russian gold arouses the hope that
no immediate demand would be made on New
York by London lor gold. Thie was an In
fluence tn the day's strength in our stock mar
ket, although It Is expected that further ship
ments will be made to Parts by Thursday's
steamer. The statement of the April foreign
trade of the United States, disclosing a main
tenance of extraordinary favorable conditions
have elevated somewhat the evidences of con
tinued reaction in interior trade. The market
dosed heavy and 'unsettled by the break in
the tt»l industrials, the railroad stocks hold
ing only a part of their gain.
EThe bond market was not active, but prices
were held well sustained. Total sales, nar
value, tl.075.0C0.
United States refunding 2*. wn«n Issued, ad
vanced V» and the 2s and new 4s '. in the
bid price.
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, May 15.— Wheat opened easy, July
%c lower at 66HS66UC. Rains in the South
west were the burden of reports which caused
bearish feeling as It was figured that the
rain would produce a high rate of mortality
among the crop-damaging chinch bugs. While
these reports were still uppermost in the minds
of traders and they had plenty of time to
think about It, as trade was very dull, July
eased off to 6Cc. It did not get any lower,
however. One Kansas report said that too
much rain had fallen, whereat the market
steadied and traders recollected that Liver
pool cables were also in favor of a better
wheat price. The Northwest complained be
cause no rain had fallen and objected to the
weather map, which offered no relief. July
advanced to 66',-jc, but profit-taking and sym
pathy with corn caused it to ease off. The
close was firm, July a shade under yesterday
at 66'^c.
Corn was the chief sufferer In price on the
board. The excellent growing weather report
ed from nearly every section of the belt was
too much for the market and at one time
July was lc under yesterday's closing figure,
while the close showed only a slight recovery.
Liverpool was decidedly lower, which also had
a depressing effect. July left off \c under yes
terday at 36Hc.
Trade in the oats pit was light, but a good
cash demand held the market firm In spite of
the corn weakness. July closed a shade lower
at 21Ti@22c.
Provisions were firm for the greater part of
the day with some added activity and strength
near the end. Liverpool was higher for hog
products and prices at the yards firm. July
pork closed 5c higher, lard 7>£c higher and
rib* 2«405c U p.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK-Arrlved May 15-Stmr Victoria,
for Genoa.
Sailed May 15— Stmr Lnhn, for Bremen, via
Cherbourg and Southampton.
NANTES-Salled May 1.1-Stmr Admiral Cor
bett. for Portlond. Or.
MURORAN-Salled May 13— Stmr Inverness.
for Portland. Or.
«-9,l n J iALTAR - Sa "' a MaT "—Strar Kaiser
W tlhelm II. from Genoa and Naples, for NeV.
GLASGOW— Sailed May 14— Stmr Cbrean/for
Philadelphia.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed May IS— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburx, for New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO-Salled May 14-Haw gtmr Saa
Mateo. for Port Los Aneeles.
frSm R O K r74n! lVe<1 *** '^^ *«* S «*' t * ra -
TABLE. BAT-Satled April M-Br ship James
Kerr. for Newcastle. Aus. and San Frane ( «"i
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Salled May 13^ Ship
Wachusett. for Honolulu. May 14-Haw shla
John Ena. for San Francisco x *-« aw » n 'i>
CARDIFF— Arrived May 14— Br ah!x> Port Lo
gan, from Oregon.
CORK-Arrtved May 14-Ger «aix> Nerelde,
from Orer^n.
TENERIFFE-Sailed April 23-Fr bark Tou
ralne. for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN - Sailed May 12-Br ship
Pr?Tc^« f lt? n fcr n^ Of — *** 14 " Br M
YOKOHAMA-Arrived Acril 15-Jao itmr
Nippon Maru. hence April 23
SANTA ROSALIA-Arrlved May H-Schr
volunteer, from Grays Harbor
TOCOPILLA— Sailed March 30— Chll bark An
toinetta, for Port Townsend.
VANCOUVER-Salled A?rll 27— Ger ship Cae
sarea, for Plymouth. England.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 15— Stmr Cleveland
hence May 10.
Sailed May 14— Br stmr Athenian, for Tacoma.
Arrived Mav 15— Stmr Lakme. hence May 11
POINT LOBOS— Passed May 13. at 13 m— Stmr
Pasad'na, from San Pedro, for Eureka
TACOMA— Arrived May 15— Schr Annie Ljlt
sen. from Port Townsend.
Sailed May 15— Schr Glendale, for San Fran
cisco.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 15— Stmr Alca
tr»z, hence May 14.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 14— Schr Wm
F Wltzemann. henc«* May 5.
EUREKA— Arrived May 14— Stmr North Fork,
hence May 13.
Sailed May 15— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco; stmr South Coast, for San Francisco
schr Halcyon, for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 14— Schx John F
Miller, from Grays Harbor.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 13— Schr
Marion, from San Pedro; schr Meteor, from
San Pedro; schr Bertie Minor, from Honolulu
and sailed for Port Gamble. ™»u»u.
POINT LOMA-Passed May 14, at U in— Stmr
Grace Dollar, from Guaymas. for San Fran
cisco.
PORT GAMBLE— ArriTed May 15— Scjjr Ber
tie Minor, from Honolulu.
CRESCENT CITT— Sailed May 15— Stmr Cre«
cent City, for San Francisco.
COO3 BAY— Sailed May 15— Stmr Empire for
San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 15— Stmr 8tate at
California, hence May U.
Sailed May 15— Stmr Signal, for Willapa Har
bor.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 14— Nor
stmr Titar.la.-Crom Nanalmo.
DOMESTIC PORTa
MELBOURNE. April 7— Ship Great Admiral
at Sydney April 3 from Port Hadloclc reports
hurricane March 11. Was on beam ends Deck
cargo of timber shifted and quantity washed'
adrift. The deckhouse and cabin were- flooded
and other damace done.
SEATTLE. May 15— Two men lost oft «chr
Petrel of Seattle landed at Cloo«». The schr
ia about 120 miles off Cape Flattery with only
one man on bcar.l.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS. May 15. 10 p m—Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Tuesday. May 13.
Stmr Bonlta. Nleolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Newburg, Hensen, Grays Harbor.
Etmr Samoa. Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Alcawir. Martin. .
Stmr Rainier. Hanaen, Unalaska.
Ptmr Ohio. Boirgs. Cape Nome, via Seattlo.
Stmr Luella, Miller, Cape Nome.
Stmr Glosy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Westoort. Ericsson. .
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson. Chemainu*.
Br stmr Flintshire. Dwyer, Manila.
Ft bark Marthe Roux. Turck. Queenstown
Ital bark Precursor*. Svjtafflno. Queenstown.
Schr Ocean Spray. Johansen. Iversend Land
ing.
Schr Lena Sweasey. Johnson. La. Pas.
Sloop Impossible. Low. Point Reyes
SAILED.
Tuesday, May 13.
Stmr MornlB* Star. Graham. St Michael -
Alaska Exoloratlon Co.
Stmr Meteor. Worth. Unalaslca; Alaska Ex
ploration Co.
Stmr Ohio. Bases. Nome, yla Seattle: Em
pire Transportation Co.
Strar Qu«i». JeD«en. Victoria, etc; Goodall,
Stmr Luella. Miller. Nome: A "W Beadls A
Stmr Rainier. Hans en. Unalaaka; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Nor stmr Telhis, Pedersen, Chemalnus- R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Br bark Gladys, Foote, Queenstowa; I> KauS
man.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, La Pax; Wm
Olsen.
Bchr Altair. Munroe. Caps Nome; W C Man
roe. .
Schr Salvator. Asmussen, Nome: Alaska Ex
ploration Co.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, May 15.
Etmr Columbia. Doran. 54^ hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41V» hours.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett. h-ourj from,
Ventura.
• Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 63 hours from
San Diego, etc.
US *tmr Schiller. 29 days from Manila, etc.
Schr Maggie C Russ. Kallenberg. 11 days from
San Pedro.
ARRIVED.
Poultry and Game.
There la some unsold Eastern on hand, which
Prices for Vegetables show little change from
day to day. A box of- Summer Squash came In
from Alameda, but was not sold.
Stocks of Potatoes are larger and the ten
dency of the market Is rather downward.
Onions are steady..- Receipts of 4765 sacks Po
tatoes, from . Oregon depressed . prices for this
description. . ¦ .
Receipts were £60 boxes Asparagus, 270 boxes
Rhubarb. 426 sacks Peas.' 85 sacks Beans. 416
sacks and 2122 boxes new Potatoes.
l'OTATOKS- Burbanks, 40<gfiSc per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 60® 75c; New Potatoes, 75c@$l 25
In sacks and $1@1 50 In boxes.
ONIONS-New Ked. 75cS$l;per ctl; Austral-
Ian. $4@5 its per 'Ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 75c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, SGcCiSl per box for No. 2 and $1 25
@1 50 for - No. 1 and . $1 75@2 for f fancy ¦ large;
Green Peas,'. 73c<f?$l per . sack for common and
$1 25 for Garden; String Beans, 2@4c; Wax
Beans, 364V4e; Horse Beans. 5fic per sack; Cab
bage, 1 4O#50c; Tomatoes.- $1©1 75: E«g Plant
from I.os Angeles. . 10tfn2%e: Dried Okra. 32V4c
per lb; Green Peppers from Los Angeles, S@ 10c;
Dried Peppers,' SifflOc; Carrots, 23?f35c per sack;
Los'Angeles Summer Squash, $1©1 25 per box;
Cucumbers, 25fg75c per dozen for hothouse and
$2 per box for Marys vllle; ¦ new Garlic, 5@6c
per. lb.
There Is nothing going on and prices stand
as before.
BEANS— Bayos* $3®3 20; small White, $3 25@
3 45; large White, $3 10<®3 20; Pink. $2 50S2 90-
Red. $3 25(33 50; Blackeye, $3 50@4; Butters
nominal; Lima, $5 25@5 30; Pea, $3 4O©3 50- Red
Kidneys, $)©¦} EO.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4V4@4%c; Flax, Jl M@2 20; Canary.
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa. aifflOc;- Rape. 2H@3c; Hemp. 4Q4Ho-
Timothy, 4'3'4Hc. •
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
62 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Xew Hay is wholly neglected, and the com
mission merchants have to bid it In. Six or
seven cars came In yesterday. Old Hay if
choice. Is rather firm than otherwise. '
I»rnn rules firm at the recent advance
BRAN— $12 E0@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15017 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing
$27 60<fj2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20iff2l; Corn Meal
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed, $15 50'-
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY — Wheat, $7@9 for common to good- $9 50
@10 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7ffrD- Oat
$ti®8; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, $5® 7 50 per ton '
NEW HAY-J5 50@6 50 per ton.
STRAW-25(g35c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is a brisk export demand for Flour, and
the mills are busy. Quotations are unchanged.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
ami Washington, $2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75- Rye
Meal. *2 £0; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50-
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25(53 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4f 4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 '5-
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolfed
Oats (barrels). J6Q7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7- Pearl
'*arley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 3:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls. 72Hc.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. >
Afternoon Session — December— 2000 ctls, 72tic:
2000. 72c.
OATS— Offerings continue neglected, at the
quotations which have ruled for weeks.
White. $110(0130; Red, $1@1 20; Gray, $1074
Gl 15; Black, «igl 07^.
CORN— There is very little demand, and lots
to arrive are offering under spot quotations.
Receipts are not larce.
Eastern large yellow, $1 15@1 17*4 per ctl;
Eastern white. |1*M 10 per ctl. •
RYE— 95(fi97%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls, 99"4c
BARLEY — Both feed and brewing descriptions
are neglected, and there is little or no demand
for shipping grades. Quotations are weak and
more or less nominal.
Feed, 72',£c for No. 1 and 67'^@70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75& 82Vic;
Chevalier, nominal. -
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 6000
ctls, UOGJi; 28.000, $100%.
Second Session— December — 4000 ctls, $100VS;
8000, $1 00U.
Regular . Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctls, UOOMi.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Large carriers are
quoted at 37s £d, usual options, and small at
40s. The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 23,600, against 9750 tons on
the same date last year; disengaged, 7711 tons,
against 30,370; on the way, to this port, 184,400
tons, against 185,300.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
firm, but Liverpool spot was easy. Chicago
was dull, as the fine weather depressed the
market. Coarse grains were all weak. There
were general rains In the West and Northwest.
The local market was steady and futures
were a fraction firmer.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 90@91>{c; milling, 93%
@96Uc
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 -SS',4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9&
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per. ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 4S»4 49
Exchange and Bullion.
TO SAIL.
(i:Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAS FRANCISCO. May 13—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate as compared with those of eame date last
Etascn. and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Lost This Last
Stations— 24 hours, reason, seascn.
Eur«rka O.Oo 4i.57 23.35
Ked Bluff 0.<J0 7t.S3 20.08
feacramento 0.1/0 »0.(iS 14.01
Han Fr&ncisco 0.00 IS. 42 16.WJ
Fresno 0.00 10.14 7.18
lndei«ndence 0.00 $.66 1.21
San Lu:s OMspo 0.00 17.30 16.41
Los Angeles 0.00 7.ls4 5.01
ban Diego 0.00 5. 88 4.SC
Yuma 0.00 1.23 1.34
fean Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C2; n-.lr.imum, IS: mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A etcrtn cf moderate enercy is central north
of Eastern Washington, causing cloudy weather
es far south as the central portions of Califor
nia and Nevada. It has caused light rain over
"Washington and Northeastern Oregon. A thun
(>r Btora is reported from Baker City.
The praam has fallen slowly over the en
tire Pacific slope.
The t»-mj>erature has risen 1n all districts ex
cepc along the Oregon and Washington coasts.
Temiieratures reaching W) degrees are reported
from t:ie .^an Joaquin Valley and Arizona, and
exceeding SU degro*s In the Sacramento Valley.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weattber in California Wednesday, with fog
olonc the coaM in the afternoon. •
Forecast made tvt £an Francisco for 30 hours
er.ding nudnlzht May 16, liHX):
Northern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day, protMldjr ifaoweia on the extreme north
w. st coast and fog along the coast in the after
noon: tre*h northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northwpst wind.
Nevada— Ooudy. probably with showers in the
north portion Wednesday; cooler.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday; warmer.
Arizor.a — Kair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
Wednesday, with fog In the afternoon; fresh
northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
The Bchocner Lena. Sweasey, which was
cleared yesterday for Mexican ports, takes
X5:iscellan«K>us cargo valued at $ll,71S, and in
cluding the 'following: 55 pkgs machinery, 10
cs blasting caps, 129.000 lbs fuse. 99.990 lbs
eulphur. 44o gals wine. 10 cs whisky, SCO bdls
Fhingles. 300 bdls laths. 90 bdls box ehooks.
I13.2J0 !T<s ooal. :.6.580 Tt>s coke. 127.S66 feet red
wood lutrb^r. 7Z2h feet T. and G. pine. 123 pkgs
fxoo«-rle>\ 54 pkgs hardware, 2 reels wire rope,
tu"S lbs bluestone, etc.
Merchandise Exports.
The British bark Gladys was cleared yester
£iy for Queenstown. for orders, with 49,676
centals wheat, valued at S4T,500.
Wheat for Europe.
Allerton. wheat from Portland to Europe,
CO* Cd.
Consuelo. merchandise to Mahukona: Er
juinslon, lumber from Grays Harbor to Santa
R «.i'la: John D. Tallant, lumber from Hast
ings Mills to Guayaquil; Lottie Bennett, lum
ber from Port Gamble to Taku, China; M. E.
Smith, lumber from Port Gamble to Honolulu;
Palmyra, lumber from Port Gamble to Cape
Town; Pioneer, lumber from Grays Harbor to
Honolulu; Tartar, lumber and merchandise
from Vancouver to Shanghai.
Charters.
6,600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 103%
100 CCC4 St Louis 68
£50 Colorado Southern 5\
150 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 39
Colorado Southern Id prefd 15%
I'elawar* & Hudson 113
100 Delaware Lack & Western 176
(M) Denver & Rio Grande lS*i
iuO Denver & Rio Grande prefd CS-V
lw Erie m»
t-a Erie 1st prefd 38
W<» Great Northern prefd 151
1,100 Hocking Coal 14
£00 Hocking Valley 36%
1.300 Illinois Central Ill**
Iowa Central 1C%
Iowa Central prefd 47
Kansas City plttsburg & Gulf 17
Lake Erie & Western 26
Lake Krle &. Western prefd 80
Lak? Shore 210
6.578 Louisville & Nashville 79 T 4
u.273 Manhattan L SSH
11.590 Metropolitan Street Railway 147**
420 Mexican Central 12%
Minneapolis & St Louis 62
Minenapoll? a St Louis prefd 94
15.270 MlFOsuri Pacific 57 1 ,
Mobile & Ohio 33%
100 Mlsosurl Kansas & Texas 10
400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33
100 New Jersey Central 116
2.000 New York Central 130
4.590 Norfolk & W«tern 34T4
.: Norfolk & 'Western prefd 77
S.esi) Northern Pacific 57H
800 Northern Pacific prefd 73%
600 Ontario & Western 21^4
Ort-gon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Hailwuy & Nav prefd 76
10.2S5 Pennsylvania 12S»i
2.03!# Heading lfi^i
3.72) Reading 1st prefd 54%
1,130 Reading 2d prefd 26?i
100 Rio Grande Western 66
Rio Grande Western prefd S7%
St Louts & San Fran '. 10
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd C6
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32%
100 St Louis Southwestern ll>i
300 St I*>uis Southwestern prefd 27%
8.175 St Paul 116H
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha :.. 113
14.250 Southern Pacific 34%
2,3<r) Southern Railway I2»i
2,734 Southern Railway prefd lii'.
TOO Texas & Pacific i6Ti
22.571) Union Pacific 531J.
3.3X8 Union Pacific prefd 73
Wabash :... gu
L220 Wabash prefd . 21U
1.675 Wheeling & Lake Erie. 9*J
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 2S
430 Wisconsin Central 14%
Express companies —
. •••*•• Adams •••••••••-..••••••••••......113
....... American ."!!"!!."lO5
United States 4;
Wells-Fargo !"ll7
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 331:
American Cotton Oil prefd 91'
American Malting 314
225 American Malting prefd ].]. 20
1.450 American Smelting & Refln.. 37?:
230 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 87%
American Spirits 214
American Spirits prefd 17'
2.135 American Steel Hoop 21
1.010 American Steel Hoop prefd 70
37.475 American Steel & Wire 34
6.4M) American Steel & Wire prefd 75
3,278 American Tin Plate 23'i
1.1S0 American Tin Plate prerd 70
B.S62 American Tobacco «<i«
247 American Tobacco prefd 130
4K> Anaconda Mining Co 4i»i
?,2«5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6S%
3,400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 35*4
0,452 Continental Tobacco 2of«
2.041 Continental Tobacco prefd 77'
27.2S4 Federal Steel .." 34*4
3.6S3 Federal Steel prefd Go
100 General Electric 132'j
1,245 Glucose Sugar 43%
Glucose Supar prefd jo
800 International Paper 21
100 International Paper prefd 63
Laclede Gas C6
2.025 National Biscuit 29 1 /*
National Biscuit prefd so
460 National Lead is»i
National Lead prefd 100
3.0K5 National Steel 27%
1.110 National Steel prefd g3i»
New York Air Brake 123'
North American 14a:
Pacific Coast 47
Pacific Ccatt let prefd 80
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 56%
235 Pacific Mall 29
14.815 People's Gas 97%
l.lfiO Pressed Steel Car 44
2J0 Pressed Steel Car prefd 18
100 Pullman Palace Car isi
110 Standard Rcpe & Twine b%
4I.3S5 Sugar lOSt^
Sugar preM 110
11.770 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69
2.C45 United States Leather 10%
4.690 United States Leather prefd 63
1,000 United States Rubber 2S%
310 United States Rubber prefd 93'
920 Western Union 79%
Third Avenue 107
310 Republic Iron & Steel 14%
490 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 55%
P C C & St Louis 52
452.100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2a refunding |M K & T 4s 93
(when Issued).... 102"4'N Y Central lsU..110%
U S 2s registered.. 99% N J Cent ren 5s. ..122
U S 2« registered.. 10S*i North Carolina 6s. .127%
U S 3s coupon 105 North Carolina 4s..l">6
IT S new 4s regr i&Mi Northern Pac 3»... C7Vi "
U S new 4s coupon.l£J\ Northern Pac 4S...103V4
U S old 4s n:g 114% N Y C & St L 4s. .imp?
U S old 4s coupon.lllVjlNor ft W cons 4s.. 36%
U S 5s registered.. 112%i Nor & W gen 6s...l3l'
U S 5s coupon 112%'Oregon Nav lets. ..109
DIst of Col 3.65b 121 Oregon Nav 4s 134
Atchieon gen 4s 100 Or 8hort Line 6s. ..123
Atchlson adju&i 4s. T3% Or S L cons 6s...lH'{
Canada Sou tuMZilil Reading gen 4s 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%s... ?f*i R O Western lsts.. 99
Ches & Ohio Ss 11'. St L & I M cons 5s,109H
C ft Nor cons 7s. ..-43 IFt L & S F gen 6s. 123
C & N S F Deb Ib.1>0 Ft Paul conn 170
Chicago Term 4ir... -j:. St Paul C & P lsts 122
Denver & R G UU.lClVEt Pml C & P 5s..l21U
Denver & R G U.. %\ Southern Ry 6f....111U
E T Va & Ga lsts.lC>2 T <. Standard R & T 6s 65
Erie genera] 4s 71V. Tenn new «et 3s... 9»%
Ft W & D C lFts.. 71 Texas & Pac Ists..ll4<.»
Om<TnI Elec 5s 12J Texas & Pac Sds... 68
G H & S A 6* ll'» Union Pacific 4S...104H
G H & S A 2ds...l!/: Wabash lsts ;.H4%
Houston & T C 5s. 111% Wabash 2ds .102
H4TC cons 63.. .110 West Shore 4s H2M
Iowa Central lsts. .1:3% W|s Central lsts... 90%
K C P & O l*ts 70% Va Centuries S2
La new cons 4s I")S«vVa Deferred 9
L & N unified is. ..¦"*% Colo & Sou 4s 84*i
M K &. T 2ds 67Vi Southern Pac 4s... ?2%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IS Ontario 775
Crown Point 07 Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 1Q
Deadwood 53 Quicksilver 150
Gould fc Curry 12,QuicKsilver prefd.. 7 60
Hale & NorcrOM... 25 Sierra Nevada 2$
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 6S Union Con is
Mexican . •- 37'Yellow Jacket 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 92
Call loans I @4 Westlnghouse Elec 44>.;
Time loans 3%&4% Wisconsin Central. 1414
Stocks — Ilonds —
A T Si S F...! ?4S Atchlson 4s 99
A T ft S F prefd.. 6»S N K Gas & Coke 5s 6t
American Sugar.. .1C8 Mining shares-
Am Sugar prefd. ..111VJ Adventure 41/
Bell Telephone ....302 JAIIouez Mining Co. 11%
Boston & Albany. .142 iAmale Copper S6U
Bob ten Elevated. ..»&%' Atlantic 23"
Boston & Maine. ..l»3 1 Boston & Montana 2*" 1
C B ts Q 125% Butt* & Boston ... 60
Dominion Coal .... 38 (Calumet & Hecla..752
Dvm Coal prtfd....H8 JCentennlal u
Federal Steel 34H! Franklin 13
Frdoral gteel prefd 65 jHumboldt 50
KitchburK pn-fd 131 ;OsceoIa 61
General Electric. ..144 'Parrot .....T.... 89%
Mexican Central... 12%'Qulncy .133'^
N E Gat & Coke... UVilSaota Fe Copper... 4%
Steamer Movements.
Local securities quiet and featureless. ..
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
IF heat and Wheat freights quiet.
All descriptions of Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Active export demand for Flour.
No demand whatever for new Hay. Choice old Hay firm.
Bran firm at the advance already noted.
Beans and Seeds inactive and nominal.
Beef, Veal, Mutton and Lamb weaker. Hogs easy.
Potatoes, Vegetables 'and Onions plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry market zvell supplied and quiet.
Fruit market featureless, zvith moderate receipts.
Dried Fruit dull. Srnall receipts of nrjv Honey.
Provisions inactive and unchanged.
Hides, Wool and Hops neglected and zveak.
Oils as before quoted. *
PEACHES— Peeled, lGQ20c; unoeeled, 7@9c.
* — ' :
While not showing any material change In
prices, the market for evaporated apples was
steadily held. Trading was moderately active,
but strictly for choice grades. The b*tter un
dertone from favorable country reports, smaller
receipts and less pressure to sell. California
dried fruits were dull and nominally unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES — 4%<&3c;
prime, 5%®6c: choice, 6»i@7c; fancy, 7%S8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%<&7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 12%@14c; Moorpark. 15®
ISc.
DRIED , FRUITS
NEW YORK. May 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Irregular at the start
to-day, but they gradually improved and the
finish was quite careful on war news and
the tendency to discount the relief of Mafe
klng. Cheap money also helped funds. Ameri
cans began rather sanguine, but died out for
half an hour, then steadily strengthened until
the close. New York accepting the rise and
supporting the higher prices. The finish was at
the top. Business was decidedly brisker than
lately, even the public buying slightly. Tintos
rallied on Paris buying. Call money was very
easy, although treasury bills were paid for.
Gold to the amount of £5O0.CO0 came in from
Russia and £4C00 went out to South America.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 15.— Atchlson. 25%: Canadian
Pacific. 96%; Union ¦ Pacific preferred, 75\4;
Northern Pacific, 7614; Grand Trunk, 7H; Ana
conda, 8%; bar silver, steady, 27 9-lGd per
ounce; money, 2% per cent.
A r e7v York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, May 15.— FLOUR— Receipts, 20.
364 barrels: exports, 12.004 barrels. Entirely
featureless, apart from a moderate demand for
spring bakers. Winter patents, 13 60JJ3 S3; win
ter straits, $3 40@3 65; Minnesota bakers. $2 65
®2 90.
WHEAT— Receipts. 343,175 bushels: exports.
39.957 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 79Vic
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2, 76'Jc elevator: No. 1
Northern, 74%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth, 76%c f. o. b. afloat. Options-
Opened easy, but were fairly well rustained all
day In face of lower cables and favorable home
crop news. Light offerings and scattered cov
ering by short interests were the leading points
of firmness. Closed steady, at a partial \»c to
l .ic net decline. May, "0%fS10Mc closed 7O»4c;
July, 71 6-16Q72C. closed 71? 4 c; September, 71%
©72 13-16C. closed 72%e.
HOPS — Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed cuiet at unchanged
prices to an advance of five point?. Total sales,
67.700 bags. Including: August. $6 &5: Septem
ber. $6 60; October, $6 70; December, $6 SO.
Spot coffee— Rio, irregular: No. 7 invoice, 7%c
nominal; mild, market quiet and steady; Cor
dova. 9>i@13c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipt?, 10.SC6 packages: firm.
Western creamery, leHte-Oc; factory. 13@15%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 21,562 packages; dull. Stor
age, Western, 123ic; regular packing, ll%@12V.c.
London Market.
WASHINGTON. May 15.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash,
$141,009,138; gold, $74,021,410.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May IS.— Money on call easier
at l»i@2% per cent; last loan. 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3?i@'4Vi per cent. Sterling
exchange steady, with actual business In bank
ers' hills at $4 8SiiJ?4 88Vi for demand and at
?4 84^(g4 84!i for sixty days; posted rates,
14 85% and $4 89%: commercal bills. $4 8404 84%.
Silver certificate!!. 60g60%c. Bar silver, 60c.
Mexican dollars, 47%c. Government bonds,
strong; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
firm.
Neiv York Money Market.
?},* £° lon y 207 Tamarack ..174
Old Dominion 16 Utah Mining 25
S ubber r, 2S1 * Wlnona 2%
Cinion Pacific 53% Wolverines 38
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the V.det
the early morning tides are given In the l?ft
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. Th«
second time column (rives the second tMe of
the day. the third time column the third tMe
and the last or right hand column gtv»s the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, a* sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts. exr»Dt
when a minus sign ( — > precede* the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. 'Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 16.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WHEAT— Steady; No. 1 California. 6s 3d@
6s 3%d; No. 1 Northern spring. Es lOd. Futures,
quiet; July, 5s Sd; September, 6s 7\d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed North
western, 43; May, 3s lid; July, 3s 9%d; Sep
tember, 3s lOd.
LIVERPOOL. May 15.— Wheat, quiet: No. 1
Standard California, Cs 2VsdiQ6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, steady; Hour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 5-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 15.— Consols, 101 >i; silver,
27 9-16d; French rentes, lOlf. W r heat cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 29s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 27s Cd: English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. May 15.— No change in wheat; club,
51c; bluestem, 54c. •
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Hay 15.— Dealers In wheat re
fuse to quote above 61@52c for No. 1 Walla
Walla and about the same Is offered for valley.
There was very little selling at these figures,
but dealers are unable to raise them so long
as freights remain at present figures.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May 15.— Clearings, $296,456; bal
ances, J5I.CC3.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, May 15.— California fruit sold
to-day:
Black Tartarlans, boxes, $1 30®2 45, average
$1 77; Chapmans, $1 60®2 75, average $1 79; Gov
ernor Wood. 90c@U 70. average $1 18; Rockport.
65c@*l 15. average 99c; Cherry Plums, average
75c.
California Fruit Sales.
LONDON, May 13.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales were larger to-day, numbering
9173 bales. The home trade competed briskly
for good greasy New Zealand. Cape of Good
Hope and Natal greasy were firm and in ac
tive demand, especially for Yorkshire dealers,
who secured a fair share. American represen
tatives purchased fine scoureds at full rates.
The present series will close on May 25 In
stead of June 2. as heretofore announced. The
third series of sales will open August 31, with
offerings limited to 150.000 bales.
London Wool Sales:
NEW. YORK, May 15.— The market for metals
continues generally weak. Trading, however,
was not 'very active, as buyers refused to take
hold even at the concessions. Tin ruled
rather easier, owinc to laree receipts and In
sympathy with London advices, closing at $2S 65
<4f28 50. ' Plglron warrants were weak and nom
inally quoted at $15. Northern No. 1 foundry
was nominally unchanged, at $21®22, but very
weak at that. Lake copper continues dull, at
$16 37%. - Lead and spelter are unsettled, but
not quotably lower, closing dull, at $3 97%®
4 02% and $4 50@4 55 respectively. The brokers'
price for lead was $3 80 and for copper $16 75.
Nezv York Metal Market.
25,000, estimated; left over, 2000; steady to
atrong, top, $3 50; mixed and butchers, $5 15@
5 45; good to choice heavy. $5 30@5 50; rough
heavy, $5 15*55 25; light, $5 10@5 40; bulk of
sales, V> 30@5 40.
SHEEP— Receipts,' ; »heep strong; lambs,
steady to slow; good to choice wethers, *5 25@
5 60; fair to choice* mixed, $4 75@5 40: Western
sheep, $5 35@5 60: yearlings. $5 60@6; native
lambs, $5^5 70; Western lambs, $6@7 40.
-RUGAR-Thc Western Sugar Reflnln? Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
QUICKSILVER-$5O<531 per, flask for local
use and $45«?48 for export. • '
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 71,'S
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7©7»ic. according to
quantity." . - ¦ ,. "
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC —Wit Pr
white Coal Oil. In .bulk. 13c; Pearl Oil in
ea^es. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star, 19 C - Extra
Star Oil, J3c;- Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21c- -De
odorized Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; do, cases 2*c-
BenzIne.Mn bulk. 15%c: do, cases. 21V4 C '- gt!
degree Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; do cases' *7e
per gallon. , ' "
TURPENTINE-Quoted at 73c per gallon In
cases. - '.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases No 1
75c; pure. $1,10: Linseed Oil. in barrels,' boiled'
75c; raw, 73c: cases. 5c more; Lard Oil extra
winter strained, barrels. f>9c; No. 1, 4?c-' cases
5c more; .China Nut., 6lW65c per gallon- mire
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels. 60c; cases. 65c- Sperm
pure, 60c; Whale Oil, natural white, J°Hc- Pa'
clfic Rubber Mixed Paints, white and hou«-a
colors. $1 :5ftl 33 per gallon: wagon colors %21i
2 33 per gallon. . • ••'w
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S?/30c per lb- Sole
Leather, medium, 2«@27c; Role Leather light
264f27c: Rough Leather, heavy 27fi2Sc-'RoiiEh'
Leather, light, 25<82«e; Harness Leather heavy
22333c; Harness Leather, medium. 3»@32c; Har
ness Leather, light. 2ag30c: Collar Leather 13<a
IRe per foot; Kip. finished. 4(*350c per lb- Vfal
finished, 50Q.53o;. Calf .finished, 75cS$l 20-' sides*
finished, 16© 17c per foot; Belt Knite Splits. 11®
16c: Rough Splits, 8-glOc per Ib. a
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 14@15%c for prime
washed; 12?212%c for good washed; 13@14%c for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll%j?12%c for
good to prime peaberry: ll@13%c for good to
prime; 9(§10%c for good current mixed with
black beans; 9#10%c for fair; 6%@8Uc nominal
for common to ordinary. .
Salvador— 10?i©13c fcr Rood to prime washed
9%W10>ic for fair washed: 12t?13%c for rood to
prime washed peaberry: 9H(!|i0%c for goo-1 to
prime semi-woshed; 9%®10',;c for superior un
washed; — ©9V4C for good green unwashed
10'.iS?llc for rood to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6(j?79ic nominal for common to ordinary
Nicaragua— lSigiSc for prime to fancy washed
9%!S12%c for fair to strictly good washed: 8^'
ft9Uc nominal for good to superior unwashed
lOftlOVfcc nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13H'517Vic for prime
to fancy washed; ll^ig'lSc for utrlctlv cood
washed; ' 10fe@ll%c for good wasnad; MilO'ic
for fair washed; 7%#S%c r O r medium; feri&a
for Interior to ordinary; 12V4^14Hc for tfi od to
prime washed peaberry; luguc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; sJ^y-Jtu noml
nal for good to superior unwasht-I. - ;¦.-¦¦¦
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $S; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $S;' Co
operative Wallsend. .$8; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16
per ton In bulk and $18 in sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Sprlnss, $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $3 65: Calcutta
Grain' Bags, 6»4c; Wool Bags, 28%@32%c;
Fleece Twine, 7Hc.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%<ff5%c for small and
medium and 5%©5%c for large; sto<-k Hogs and
feeders, SVi^oVic; dressed Hogs, .7®S%e.
LAMB— Spring, 8@8%e per n,
BEEF— 3rg6Hc per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL — Larce, 7c; small, $@S',4c per lb
( MUTTON— Wethers, 6%*g7c; ewes. 6@6%c per
pound. ¦, j ...
Beef, Mutton, Veal and Lamb are all rather
lower, with ample supplies. Hogs are easy at
the decline already noted and the packers ob
tain all they want.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is nothing doing in Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. lOQIOVtc; medium. 9<g:9>ic; light.
Cowhides. !tffi&%c: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 10c:
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound. 13c; culls and
brand?, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16'Q t 17c: Dry
Calf, 19@2Cc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15ff?30c
each: short Woot, 35<gt5Oc each; medium, 70® 90c:
long Wool. tWl 50 each; Horse Hide? $2® 2 50
for large and $1 25@1 75 for small: Colts, 2T>(ii
50c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall
or medium skins. 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins t- Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, SOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb: No. 2,
4©4%c; refined. 6c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15%(?i'17c; Northern defective 13
©15c; Middle County, free. 15@17c: Middle
County, defective. 13®15c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', ViHlic; do, free. 7 months' ll(S13c
do. defective, 7 months', 10-f?12c; Humboldt" and
Mendoclno, 20(fi21c; Nevada, US17c per lb.
HOPS— 6@9c per lb.
Wool is dull all over the United States and
quotations here are again shaded. The spring
clip is coming in slowly, stocks are. light and
there is very little selling.
Hides continue dull and weak, with Increas
ing stocks. Tallow Is lower and weak.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@8c per lb for com
pound and SMigOc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
yVic: 10-lb tins. 9»ic: 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. SH@SHc per lb; half
barrels, S»i@S;4c; 10-lb tins, 9^0.
Business Is very slack In these goods and the
tone of the market, is weak. Sellers make con
cessions rather than lose Bales.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medljum, 12c for lldht, 13c for ex
tra light and 14%c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13'/i@14c: Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra P-ime
Pork, $14 50?jl5: extra clear, $19; Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12^313c per lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 11%(&12c for bright and 10%ffp
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 7Hc;
light amber extracted, 6%iQ7c; dark, 5'/i^;6c
per lb. .
BEESWAX— 24@2Gc per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@9c,for Standards and 9®
10c for ooftshells; Almonds, ll%@12c for paper-
Fhell, 9@10c for soft and 4f?5c for hardshell.
Peanuts, 5?i'f26»ic for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia. Brazil Nuts, 7%J?Sc. Filberts, 12S12%c.
Pecans, Hgl3c. Cocoanuts, $4 50©5.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; Etandard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8V£e: choice. 7%c: standard, 6%c;
prime, Cc; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown, 6>/4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $160 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 3%®4c for
40-50's. 3%c for 50-60's, 3>ic for 60-70's, 3@3»4c for
7O-S0"s, 2%@3c for 80©-90 p s and 2%c for 90-100's;
Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and 10@llc for Moor
parks; Peaches, 4%@4?ic for Standards, 5c for
choice and 5V4@6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10
@12%c; Evaporated Apples. 6&@6c; Sun-dried.
3ig:4c per lb: Pears, 3%(&4%c for dark and 7©8c
for bright halves; Blaok Figs, l»4@2c: White
Figs, 2@3c; Bleached Plums, 7%c; unbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and l%c for unpltted.
Fruits. Nuts and Raisins are dull and feature
less. Receipts of new Honey are small and con
fined to medium extracted, no comb having
come In yet.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Peaches appeared from VacavHle, selling at ?2
@2 25 Der box. .
Cherries are not very firm, in spite' of the
continued moderate receipts, and they arc not
extra flr.e, owing to the late rains. Still, they
are bringing very fair prices.
Currants and Strawberries keep up well.
Raspberries and Blackberries continue to ar
rive sparingly. Logan berries came in yester
day, sellinir at 1 75c per drawer. Receipts of
Gooseberries are smaller than usual this year.
Green Apples are small and poor and nobody
wants them.
Oranges are dull and quoted rather lower.
Cherry Plums came in again and sold at 50c
©$1 Der box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—From Vacaville, 85c@U 25 per
box; from Arizona, Jlffl 25 per crate.
APPLES— 75c@$3 per box; Green Apples, 25®
75c oer box. * •
STRAWBERRIES— $4®5 per chest for largo
and $7@9 for small berries. Receipts were 375
chests.
GOOSEBERRIES— 30@35c per drawer for com
mon and per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— From Newcastle. $1 50 per
crate: from near-by points, $7@10 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle, aOc per
drawer.
CURRANTS— 5C@75c per drawer.
CHERRIES— 25@50c per box for red and white
and 40@75c for black. In bulk. 6@7c for black
and 3<Q5c per lb for white. Receipts were 3894
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50<S22 75
per box; Seedlings, $1@1 75; Lemons, $1@1 50 for
common and $2'a2 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $4^4 50: Bananas. $1 23g2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50©4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Creamery Butter rules steady at the noted
advance, while dairy drags somewhat. There-
Is no chanse in Cheese. Eggs continue slow
and in (rood supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17%@18c; seconds.
17c. ¦ ¦
Dairy— Fancy, 16@16%c: good to choice. 140
ISVic: common, 13%c.
CHEESE— New. 7%@8%c; Young America, 9Q>
0%c: Eastern. 16@17c; Western, 15S16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 14fll6c
per dozen for ranch.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12o for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 E0®l 75: Goslings. $1 50®l 75: Ducks, $4 50<35
for old and $5 60®>6 for young; Hens, $•«©•>;
Young Roosters, $5 60®6 60; Old Roosters, $4 2j
@4 50; Fryers, $4 50®5; Broilers. $3 50®4 for
large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons. $1 75@2 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
keeps prices down. Still fair Btock sells well
enough, though small broilers and thin stock
are weak and not wanted.
MONDAY. May 15—4 p. m
Bld.Ask. Bld A k
Alpha 01 04 Justice .7 01 03
Alta 03 05 Kentuck _ oi
Andes C6 0* Lady Wash.... n&
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 23 30
Best & Belcher 30 31 Occidental i» 14
Bullion 03 04 Ophir a 65
Caledonia 1 05 1 15 Overman is i«
Hhollar 17 HJPotosl 1$ \l
Challenge- 13 15 Savage .'. jj 14
Confidence 75 M Scorpion ... n*
Con Cal & Va..l 43 1 50 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial.... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 33 34
Con New York. — 04 Silver Hill... is 19
Eureka Con — 50 ;St Louis __ i»
Crown Point... 10 HlStandard .... 4 25 4 sn
Exchequer,.... 01 03 'Syndicate '. _ m
Gould & Curry. 17 19 Union Con 52 sj
Hale & Norcrs. 2S 2S Utah 07 08
Julia — OSi Yellow Jacket" 16 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1100 Alta 05 250 Ophlr gi
700 Best & Belcher 29 400 Ophlr " 52
400 Best & Belcher 32 200 Ophir ... """ «u
600 Chollar 20 300 Ophlr Is
300 Chollar* 19 200 Ophir .... "** S7
20OC C &. Va 145 -400 Ophir ... ""* ra
900 C C &. Va....l42% 600 Ophir.... 82
600 C C & Va 150 300 Ophir 63
450 C C & Va 152% 5C0 Potosl ".'" 13
500 Gould & Curry. 19 1000 Sierra Nevada* 30
3no Gould Sc Curry. 18 200 Sierra Nevada 3'
EOO Justice 02 350 Sierra Nevada. 33
300 Mexican 30 200 Union Con. 20
300 Mexican 31 900 Union Con * r »i
300 Occidental 13 1500 Union Con...!!! 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 07 200 Ophlr . «•»
500 Belcher 1! 600 Ophlr ... k»
200 Best & Belcher. 31 200 Sierra Nevada' 32
100 Caledonia ....107% 300 Sierra Nevada' 33
400 Chollar 1» GOO Sierra Nevada" 34
CPO Con CrI & Va.l SO 90O Silver Hill. 20
3'»i Confidence 74 200 Silver Hill 13
200 Gould & Curry. Is 200 Standard 4 25
200 Ophir 60 600 Union Con.."..".' 21
600 Ophlr 69 9C0 Union Con 23
Morning Session.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
250 Caledonia 110 200 Occidental . . 13
100 Chollar 13 700 Ophlr 60
200 Con Cal & Va.l 50 500 Savage 14
400 Con Imperial... 01 250 Standard 4 25
400 Belcher 11I10CO Ophlr 60
500 Best & Belcher 2S1000 Ophlr 51
400 Best & Belcher 27 2C0 Overman 16
100 Caledonia 110 400 Potost is
400 Chollar IS 1000 Sierra Nevada. 23
100 Con Cal & Va.l 45 600 Silver Hill 18
200 Crown Point... 09 200 Standard 4 00
500 Gould & Curry. 16 200 Union Con 19
400 Hale & Norcrs. 26 200 Utah 1 08
400 Mexican 26 500 Yellow Jacket.. 17
300 Occidental 13
Mornlnr Session.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Street—
100 Dominion .
MINING STOCKS.
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 4 13
Street—
950 West Lake 70
20 Home Oil 425
Afternoon Session.
TooCl »,
150 Home Oil '. 423
Afternoon Session.
Board — t
25 Contra Costa Water 72 75
50 Honokaa 32 37%
BO Makawell 47 3714
150 Makawell 47 60
15 Market Street Railway 63 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp 45 37^4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 25
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 37%
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 60
20 S V Water 96 00
70 S V Water 96 25
$3000 S V 4s (2d Mtge) 102 75
Street— •
90 California Street R R 122 00
100 Contra Costa Water 72 50.
Street—
$1000 Edison L & P Bonds 129 00
$3000 Oakland Gas Bonds 112 00
$10.(i00 S F & S J V Bonds US 25
$6000 S P Branch Ry 6a 123 60
• TUESDAY. May 15-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S bonds— Equit G L Co. 2»i 3
4s quar coup. ,114!4H5 Mutual El Co. — 11
4s do reg 114V4115 O G L & H.... 45 47*4
4s do cp new..l33 s 4134«* Pac Gas Imp.. — 45H
2s do coupon... 10S%109^i P*c L Co 43«£ 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 46>4 46%
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll8H — San Francisco. 4>* —
C C Water 6s..lO7>,2 — Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s..l2S',4 — Insurance—
F & CI Ry 6s. .115 — Firem's Fund.227 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 93 Hank Stocks —
II C & S 5Hs.. — — AdkIo Cal Ltd. 63 66tJ
Do 5s 105 106 Bank of Cay. .405 —
L A Ry 5s — 104»i Cal S D & T..104 —
L A L Co ..s.. — — First National. — 290
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A. ...132*4 —
Do gntd 5s.. 99H101 Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 5S.102H — Nev Xat Bank —
Market-ct 6s...l!Sfi — Savings Banks —
Do 1st m 5s.. — IIS Ger S & L 1890
N N G R R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L... — —
N It of Cal 6a. 113 — Mut Sav Bk.. 45V —
N It of Cal 5s. — 116% S F Sav U... 505 —
N P C R R 6s.l02H102Uifav & L Soc.. 74 78
N P C R R 5s.lO7»i — ISec Sav Bk... — —
N Cal R R 6s.ll3 — iUnlon T Co... — —
Oak G L&Hos.lll — Street Railroads-
Oak Trans 6s. .115 — Calflornla 121 123
Oak W Co 5s.. — 105% Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Co..l06%107 Market-st Ry. 62T4 63%
Om C Ry 6s. ..127% — O S L & H — 50
P & Cl Ry Cs.104% _ Presidio 16 —
P & O R R 63.115 — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 63.117 — California 160 170
Sac L & G R5s — — Giant Con Co. 89*4 90Vi
S F & SJV os.118 119 Vlgorit IH 2V
S Ry of Cal 6s.Ul% — Sugar Stocks—
SPofA6s....— 114*; Hana S P Co.. 81* 8»i
Do (1905) — 11O>; Haw C & S Co — 90
Do (1306) 111H113 Honokaa S Co. 32« 324
Do (1912) 11S% — Hutch S P Co. 25«i 26
Do m eg 5s.. — — Kilauea S Co.. — —
S P Br 6s 123 — Makawell S Co 47% —
S V Water 6s..ll4>4 - Onomea S Co.. 2% 28%
S V Water 4s..1C2%103 Paauhau S Co .21% 31 \
S V W (3d m). — 102% Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — Al Pack Ansn.U6mi7H
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.l0l>,lC»
Contra Costa.. 72% 73 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Matin County. 60 — Oceanic S Co.. 92 94
Spring Valley.. — 96% Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— I Pac C Bor Co..l.'.0 —
Cent G L Co.. — — I Par Paint Co.. 10 —
CentL&F.... S%- I
Morning Session.
Board —
4 Bank of California 410 00
35 Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
20 Market Street Railway 63 CO
20 S V Water 95 75
$4000 S V 4s (3d Mtge) 102 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
# 1 ___*
Local securities were dull on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, and beyond a
sale of Bank of California at J410 there was
nothing; of Interest to note.
Business was rather better In the afternoon.
Contra Costa "Water advanced to $72 75 and
Spring Valley Water ' to $96 25. Makawell
shaded off to $47 £0.
Dividends were paid by local corporations
yesterday as follows: Contra Ccsta Water,
$19,610; Kilauea Sugar, $10,000; Makawell Sugar.
$17,407; Oakland Gas. $7500; Oakland S. L. and
H. Railway. H600; Presidio Railroad, J10CO; Pa
cific Telephone, J13.20O; Sunset Telephone. $7500.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will pay its fourth dividend of 60 cents per
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 12,785 Potatoes, sks ... 4.765
Oats, ctls S70 Bran, sks 4.364
THE STOCK MARKET.
Flour. Qr sks ... 16,370 Sugar, sks 2,600
Wheat, ctls 1.400 Wool, bass 73
Barley, ctls 2,97-5 Hay. tons 60S
Corn. East, ctls.. 600 Lime, bbls 91
Rye. ctls S20 Sugar, bbls ZSO
Cheese, ctls 62 Leather, rolls .. Ill
Butter. ctls 549 Quicksilver, flsks 134
Beans, sks 500 Eggs, doz 27,330
Potatoes, »ks .... 2.050 Wine, gals 83,800
Onions, sks 469 Hides, no ........ 430
Bran, sks 979 Felts, bdls liO
Middlings, sks .. 130
FOR TUESDAY. MAY 15.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60c: ¦ Powdered.
5.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.20c: Dry Granulated.
6.10c; Confectioners" A, 6.10c; Magnolia A.
4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c; Golden C. 4.50c: barrels.
10c more: half-barrels. 25c nAre; boxes. SOc
more; SO-lb bass. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom-
Inos, half-barrels, 5.S5c; boxes, 6.10c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine.
ordinary sizes, U&QV; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $1T@18 for No. 1 and $!5<ai« for No. 2:
Lath. 4 feet. *3 5O@4: Pickets. $18; Shingles.
$1 73 for common and »2 75 for fancy: Shakes.
Ill for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1900. %
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS
Foreign Futures.
10
ARTICLES. j
Open. High. Low. Close.
6**4 63% 64% 64TJ
. 66% 66% £6 66H
36H 36H 35U 35%
37 37H 36H 364
3<% 37% 3$% 37>,i
21% 21% 21&4 21%
21* 21% 2«4 21*:
21% 22 21% 22
U 62V4 11 70 11 60 11 674
6 82V4 6 97H 6 92% 6 97%
6 92% 6 97% 6 92i| 6 S7Vi
6 60 6 65 6 60 6 63
6 62',£ 6 65 6 62% 6 65
Wheat Xo. 2—
May ;...
July
Corn Xo. 2—
May
July
September
Oats Xo. 2—
May
June
July
Mess Pork, bbl—
July
Lard, 100 Ib»—
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July
September
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Pomona Hurr.boldt jMay 1*
Washtenaw iTarama May 1*
Wellington (Oyster Harbor May 1*
Willamette |5eattle _ May 17
Coos Bay Newport May IT
Walla Walla.... Victoria & Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City... Crescent City May 17
Mackinaw Seattle May 17
Arcata Oregon Ports May 17
Empire Coos Bay May 17
Pro&reso Tacoma May 17
North Fork Humboldt May H
Point Arena.... Mendocino May 11
City of Peking. China and Japan......... May 14
Corona San Dletro May 1J
Samoa Humboldt May 1»
Colon Panama May 20
State of Cat.... Oregon Ports May ?0
Energla China and Japan May ;o
Pomora iHumboldt May n
Bonlta (Newport May n
Australia 'Honolulu (May 2*»
Umatllla I Victoria A Puget Sound! May B
Santa Roaa. — (San Diego May '3
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails
Pier.
Morn. Star.fCapeNome.... May 16, 3 pm Pier IS
Qu««n I Vic & Pgt Sd. May 16. 11 am; Pier 11
Santa Rosa.lSan Plego May 17. 11 am Pier ll
San Pedro.. Cfcpe Some.... May IT. 11 am Pier 13
Alamtda ... Australia. May 17. 8 pmlPler 7
Del Norte... Oregon Ports. May 17. 8anVPlerr>
Pomona .... Humboldt May IS, 2 pm|Pler 3
Newport ... Panama May 39. 12 m PMS3
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May 13. 11 am Pier «t
Empire Coo* Bay May 18. 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport May 19. 9 am Pier U
Arcata ..... Coos Bay May 19. 13 m Pier 13
Crescent Cy'Crescent City. May 19. 3 pm
Am. Maru. Chlna&Japan May 19. 1 pm PMS3
Sequoia .... Cape Nome.... May 19. 3pm!pier 2
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 21. 2pm l Plerl«
Wai. "Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. May 21. 11 am'Pler 9
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 amlPler 11
Zealandla . Cape Norn*.... May 21. 3pm|Pler 7
North Fork Humboldt May 21. 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 21. 2pm;Pler 2
Samoa Humboldt May 22. 10am!Plerl3
Bonlta ..„. Newport May 23. 9 am Pier 11
State of CaJ Oregon Ports. May 23.
Pomona ....IHumboldt JMay 23
Sun rises 4:53
Sun seta 7:13
Moon rises 9:20 p. m.
O Time Time Time Tlmel
£. . Ft. Ft. Ft. ; Ft.
» L W H W L W H W|
18 ... «:32— 0.6 1:5S 4.7 8:13 3.2 ':.....
II IV ¦ L. W II W L. W
17... 0:08 8.8 7:15—0.8 Z:44 4.8 7:10| JJ
13 ... 0 31 5.4 8:02-0.4 3:32 4.9 S:13 3]
19 ... 1:51 6.2 8:53-0.2 4:17 5.0 9:22! 1.1
20 ... . 2:57 4.9 9:47 0.2 5:00 6.2 10:37 z.i
21 ... 4:15 4.8 10:40 0.8 5:45 5.4 11:48 2.0
22 ... 5:37 4.4 11:37 1.1| 6:30 S.S| \
ARTICLES. j
Open. High. Low. Close.
6**4 63% 64% 64TJ
. 66% 66% £6 66H
36H 36H 35U 35%
37 37H 36H 364
3<% 37% 3$% 37>,i
21% 21% 21&4 21%
21* 21% 2«4 21*:
21% 22 21% 22
U 62V4 11 70 11 60 11 674
6 82V4 6 97H 6 92% 6 97%
6 92% 6 97% 6 92i| 6 S7Vi
6 60 6 65 6 60 6 63
6 62',£ 6 65 6 62% 6 65
Wheat Xo. 2—
May ;...
July
Corn Xo. 2—
May
July
September
Oats Xo. 2—
May
June
July
Mess Pork, bbl—
July
Lard, 100 Ib»—
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July
September
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails
Pier.
Morn. Star.fCapeNome.... May 16, 3 pm Pier IS
Qu««n I Vic & Pgt Sd. May 16. 11 am; Pier 11
Santa Rosa.lSan Plego May 17. 11 am Pier ll
San Pedro.. Cfcpe Some.... May IT. 11 am Pier 13
Alamtda ... Australia. May 17. 8 pmlPler 7
Del Norte... Oregon Ports. May 17. 8anVPlerr>
Pomona .... Humboldt May IS, 2 pm|Pler 3
Newport ... Panama May 39. 12 m PMS3
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May 13. 11 am Pier «t
Empire Coo* Bay May 18. 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport May 19. 9 am Pier U
Arcata ..... Coos Bay May 19. 13 m Pier 13
Crescent Cy'Crescent City. May 19. 3 pm
Am. Maru. Chlna&Japan May 19. 1 pm PMS3
Sequoia .... Cape Nome.... May 19. 3pm!pier 2
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 21. 2pm l Plerl«
Wai. "Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. May 21. 11 am'Pler 9
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 amlPler 11
Zealandla . Cape Norn*.... May 21. 3pm|Pler 7
North Fork Humboldt May 21. 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 21. 2pm;Pler 2
Samoa Humboldt May 22. 10am!Plerl3
Bonlta ..„. Newport May 23. 9 am Pier 11
State of CaJ Oregon Ports. May 23.
Pomona ....IHumboldt JMay 23
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Pomona Hurr.boldt jMay 1*
Washtenaw iTarama May 1*
Wellington (Oyster Harbor May 1*
Willamette |5eattle _ May 17
Coos Bay Newport May IT
Walla Walla.... Victoria & Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City... Crescent City May 17
Mackinaw Seattle May 17
Arcata Oregon Ports May 17
Empire Coos Bay May 17
Pro&reso Tacoma May 17
North Fork Humboldt May H
Point Arena.... Mendocino May 11
City of Peking. China and Japan......... May 14
Corona San Dletro May 1J
Samoa Humboldt May 1»
Colon Panama May 20
State of Cat.... Oregon Ports May ?0
Energla China and Japan May ;o
Pomora iHumboldt May n
Bonlta (Newport May n
Australia 'Honolulu (May 2*»
Umatllla I Victoria A Puget Sound! May B
Santa Roaa. — (San Diego May '3
Sun rises 4:53
Sun seta 7:13
Moon rises 9:20 p. m.
O Time Time Time Tlmel
£. . Ft. Ft. Ft. ; Ft.
» L W H W L W H W|
18 ... «:32— 0.6 1:5S 4.7 8:13 3.2 ':.....
II IV ¦ L. W II W L. W
17... 0:08 8.8 7:15—0.8 Z:44 4.8 7:10| JJ
13 ... 0 31 5.4 8:02-0.4 3:32 4.9 S:13 3]
19 ... 1:51 6.2 8:53-0.2 4:17 5.0 9:22! 1.1
20 ... . 2:57 4.9 9:47 0.2 5:00 6.2 10:37 z.i
21 ... 4:15 4.8 10:40 0.8 5:45 5.4 11:48 2.0
22 ... 5:37 4.4 11:37 1.1| 6:30 S.S| \The Situation Will Be Different Then.
president of the college and of the> associ
ation, acted as toastmaster. The toasts
were as follows: "Our College*," respond
ed to by Professor W. M. Searby; "Tha
Pathway of the Graduates." Professor
Green; "Our Ladies." Professor John Cal
vert; "Tne Pharmacentical Press," H.
M. Simmons; "The Hospital Corps," C. D.
Carter; "The Graduating Class," J. D.
McMillan. Mrs. R. Argent! rendered sev
eral vocal solos ln a pleasing manner, and
Mrs. Joseph 'Warren entertained with
recitations. Professor Meyer executed
some pleasing selections on the zither.
At the annual meeting of the association
ln the afternoon, the following officers
were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, G. E. Bacon; first vice president, I.
Tobriner; Becond vice president, A. Auer
bach; secretary, H. M. Simmons; treas
urer, L. H. Bahney; registrar, T. Hader
ly. Trustees— Dr. T. J. Crowley, O. EL
Bacon, Joseph 9. "Warren. J. J. Crowley.
L. H. Bahn«y, H. jI. Simmons and F. A.
Beckett.
speeches and the banquet ended ln a med
ley of college songs by all the banqueters.
The Alumni Association of the dental
department of the University of Califor
nia gathered around the festal board last
night in the maple room of the Palace and
for four hours dallied with an elaborate
menu and listened to the toasts of the elo
quent.
I Dr. Joseph D. Hodgen. '87. presided. The
toasts and musical entertainment were as
follows: "The College." Dean C. L. God
dard: college quartet, Fletcher Tilton ac
companist; "The Alumni," Professor W.
E. Ritter: solo, Dr. B. M. Stich. '&6: "The
Class of 1900," A, F. J. Lucchetti. '00 class
president: solo. Dr. Gilbert F. Graham,
r 94; "The Ladles," Professor H. P. Carl
ton, '86; solo, H. B. Knox, '01; recitation.
Professor Maurice J. Sullivan.
The annual dinner of the College of
Phamacy Alumni Association, University
of California, took place at Delmonico's
last night, and about eighty-five gradu
ates enjoyed tho feast. G. E. Bacon.
four subscribers are waiting instead ¦ of
ten, the daughter of the household, after
putting away the crockery and wringing
out the dishcloths, may hold "Charley"
on the line all night.
The old maid who has been accustomed
to listening to the love affairs of ten pairs
of these- ciddy fledglings will
people to gossip about, but ¦will probably
learn more about each one. At any rate
the Supervisors will accomplish some
good,, for it will be easier to carry on a
conversation with only five transmitters
down than with ten off the nook.
the only on© who knowg anything about
the low-down affairs of the block, and
never dreams that any person would dare
to pick anything of his or her secrets off
the wire aa they go whizzing along.
In future the business victim of a party
line who puts a transmitter to his ear and
meekly waits for the patented "line's
busy" is likely to get a shock that will
send him to bed by hearing his party's
"hfllo" instead.
Unforeseen dangers may Interpose to
minimize the benefits of the new order,
though. "U'lth the realization that only
OAKLAND. May 16.— At a meeting of
the Teachers' Annuity Association to-day
the 'ollowing 1 directors were elected for
the year-. P. • M. Fisher. C. E. ilerwln,
Miss E. M. Sherman, Mrs. N. K. French.
Mies L. E. Bentley, Miss Mao Cohen and
Miss E. H. Hilton. Miss Alice Kiefer and
Miss Alice. H. Cohen were re-elected on
the retirement committee.
Annuity Association Officers.
HOTEL HELENE AT
CHICAGO BURNED DOWN
Quests Forced to Jump Prom Win-
dows and It Is Feared Some
Lives Were Lost.
CHICAGO. May 16.— The Hotel Helene,
110 Fifty-third street, was destroyed by
fire early this morningr. The conflagra
tion was very fierce and many of tho oc
cupants were forced to Jump from the
windows to escape the flames. Several
persons were severely injured and one or
two are thought to have been killed.
The building was a three-story structure,
containing 100 rooms, all of them being
occupied. Tho place wae closed for the
night and the guests had to Ue aroused
by the police.
"The fire was close to the Hyde Park po
lice station and every one ln the station
was sent to aid In rescuing the panic
stricken occupants of the doomed hotel.
Crematory for Mare Island.
VALLEJO, May 15.— The Government is
advertising for bids for the erection of a
crematory at Mare Island Navy Yard, the
bids to be opened at Washington at the
bureau of yards and docks on June 16.
REFUSED TO
GIVE PUCE TO
Dm I lull rU!u
Spirited Debate at the Metho
dist Conference in
umcago.
CHICAGO, May 15.— The general confer
ence of the Methodist Episcopal Church
voted to-day to increase by two Bishops
the board of general superintendents,
thus adopting the majority report of the
committee on episcopacy. This decision
was reached after one of the most excit
ing and eloquent debates of 'the quadren
nial conference, in which many of tha
most prominent members of the church
ln both hemispheres took part. The pro
ceedings were watched by a crowd that
taxed the capacity of the auditorium to
its utmost. The majority report, which
was considered ln the nature of a compro
mise, was adopted after two minority re
ports, one resolving that no Bishops be
elected, and another providing for the
election of four additional members of the
board of general superintendents, had
been voted down. The committee's report
favoring the election of a colored Bishop
was adopted by a large majority. One
ballot on the election of the two general
superintendents was taken Just before the
close of the session, but Its result will
not be announced until to-morrow.
Dr. John Handley of New Jersey intro
duced a resolution providing that the
British colors be given a place alongside
the stars and stripes on the platform. A
storm of "noes" went up from the dele
gates when the resolution was read by
Dr. Handley, who made a passionate ap
peal for the resolution. 1 He said:
"The British flag all over the world has
given to missionaries the protection which
encourages us in the great work of
preaching the Gospel.j It stands for the
open Bible ln every community. The
American and the Briton, have locked
arms to close the century with one united
effort to destroy the crescent and lift the
cross ln the East."
Dr. Handley's remarks apparently
turned the tide ln favor of the resolution,
but after several delegates, including W.
J. Welch of Wyoming, had spoken against
It, a motion to lay on the table, made by
Dr. S. P. Cadman of the New York Con
ference, prevailed.
Dr. Buckley read the report of the com
mittee on episcopacy on the effectiveness
of Bishops. It recommended that James
M. Thoburn, missionary Bishop of India,
and J. C. Hartsell, missionary Bishop of
Africa, bo declared effective, and that
William Taylor, missionary Bishop to
Africa, remain in his present position.
This was adopted.
The report favoring th© election of a
Bishop of African descent was then read
and adopted. .
The question of additional. Bishops was
then argued at length and put to vote.'
The first vote was on the amendment pro
viding for four Bishops. This was over
whelmingly voteu down. The substitute
report opposing the election of any addi
tional Bishops was then defeated by a
standing vote of 419 noes to 224 ayes. The
majority report was carried by, about the
same vote; A motion by Dr. Buckley that
the convention proceed to the election of
Bishops was then adopted amid consider
able confusion.
¦ Under the rules adopted it requires . two
thirds of the vote cast to decide the elec
tion. As soon aa the ballots had been col
lected a motion to adjourn for the day
was carried. The result of . the . ballot
¦will be announced to-morrow. "
To-night the. Kpworth I^eagne hosts
gathered, in the Auditorium and held an
anniversary celebration. They ' packed
the great hall from stage to top gallery.
Bishop Nlnde presided. Rev. Dr. E. W.
Parker, president of the: league of South
Asia, talked , about the organization . ln
India. Professor George, B. Addicks of
Warrenton, Mo., caused)? great applause
during , his speech - on ¦'! i The Epworth
League for All the People."
Thomas B. Hutchinson of Napa, Cal:.
also spoke on; "The Epworth League axid
Christian Citizenship."
AILUMNI BANQUETS.
The Alumni Association of the Univer
sity of California banoueted last -night at
the; Merchants' .Club, 222 Sansome street.
About sixty graduates sat down to the an
nual dinner and welcomed the latest addi
tion'to the association,, the class of 1900..
President D'Ancona being absent, W,R.
Davis, 74, occupied the chair of toastmas
ter.l After; a: many-course dinner the
prominent graduates ¦ present t were called
upon -to -speak. "John R.'Glascock told of
tne old times, t Fred G. Dorety represent
ed the i graduating class and spoke of the
spirit of endeavor in- the young " college
man. George Reed, "77,, entertained all: by
recounting his experiences as a, traveler in
bouth Africa .and other far "- ends. of the
world. ' Many others . made . informal
Wishart refused the desired commissions
and while on their way to church with
their wives one Sunday morning the elders
met on a streetcar. In the stormy inter
view that followed, It Is whispered
among the congregation. Elder Dey used
some cuss words. This, in connection with
the trouble over Pastor Smith, caused the
elder to give up his official position.
Back of Elder Dey's withdrawal, it is
said, is the trouble between him and Elder
J. II. Wishart over some commissions on
the sales of a gold saving machine, the In
vention of Wishart. Dey agreed to dis
pose of a machine for a certain commis
sion, which was paid. Through the
agency of the man to whom the gold-saver
was sold, several other purchasers were
found. Dey claimed commissions on these
sales on the contention that It was
through his friend, the buyer of the first
machine, that the others were sold.
Elder Dey and Deacon Beattie were
members of the official board which tried
the charges against tho pastor because or
his alleeed indiscretions during the hear
ing of his wife's application for divorce.
The official board found the pastor guilty,
but when its report was read before the
congregation that body so amended it that
its censuring effect was greatly modified.
This angered some of the members of tho
board and the resignations are the result
of the amendment of their verdict.
As a result of the difference of opinion
in regard to the propriety of certain ac»
tlons of the Rev. Guy W. Smith, two more'
members of the ofQclal board of the First
Christian Church of this city have ten
dered their resignation. At a meeting of
the congregation last Sunday evening,
Klder Robert P. Dey and Deacon W. J.
BeatUe, old and active member* of the
church, withdrew from their oiQclal posi
tions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 15.
Old Members of the Christian
Church Announce Their
Withdrawal.
ELDER DEV 110
DEACON BEATTIE
HAVE RESIGNED
WASHINGTON, May 15.— The tnlst
question led. to an animated discussion ln
the House Committee on Judiciary to-day,
a constitutional amendment finally belns
adopted by a party vote, giving Congress
power to define, regulate, control, prohibit
or dissolve trusts, monopolies or combina
tions, whether in the form of a corpora
tion or otherwise. This amendment and a
bill restricting trusts were framed some
time ago by a special sub-committee on
trusts. After many delays the work of
the sub-committee was brought before the
full committee to-day with a view to
bringing the trust question before the
House. . . ,
After Beveral attempts to amend the res
olution, which were defeated on party
lines, the committee adopted It, also by a
party vote, the Democrats voting in thti
"l he constitutional amendment as agreed
to and reported to the House proposes tho
following aa article XVI of the constitu
tion:
Section 1. All powers conferred by this article
shall extend to the several States the Territor
ies, the District of Columbia and all territory
under the sovereignty and subject to the Jurlo-
Sec 2 Congress shaTT'have power to define,
regulate, control, prohibit or dissolve trusts,
monopolies or combinations, whether existing
In the form of corporation or otherwise. The eev
e?«U SUteTmay continue to exexcise such power
ln any manner not ln conflict with the laws of
ehall have power to enforce
the proVislons of this article by appropriate
legislation. .
The majority report favoring the consti
tutional amendment v says in part:
In our Judgment it is' the plain duty of those
Intrusted with the lawmaklng power to .Propose
and submit to the people of the United States
such a remedy as wllf enable Congrees to r«-
Btruln and. It need be. to repress absolutely all
illegal and dangerous combinations which re
strain trade or destroy competition or whloh
may unjustly harass or oppress labor.
iJibor has Its best friend in aggregated capi
tal corporations and combinations when fairly
and honestly formed and conducted. It Is not
the existence but the abuse of corporate power
and combined capital that merits condemnation
and denunciation and demands a remedy. Such
abuses exist. Hence the necessity for the exist
ence of a competent controlling and restraining
power— a power of absolute suppression It may
be ln a given case.
The report Is very long. It argues in
extenso against the proposed remedy of
placing trust-made goods on the free llat,
which remedy, it is asserted, would be
worse than tho disease In "striking down
protection ln an experimental effort to
destroy a monopoly or repress a comblna-
At the afternoon session of the House
Judiciary Committee an anti-trust bill
was ordered to be reported in addition to
the constitutional amendment previously
agreed on. The bill differs from that pre
viously framed and Is amendatory of the
Sherman law. Corporations or associa
tions managed for the purpose of controll
ing or monopolizing the manufacture, pro
duction or sale of any article or for the
purpose of increasing or decreasing the
coBt to the consumer or user, are declared
illegal. It is then provided that such an
organization may be proceeded against
and restrained from carrying on inter
state commerce and If declared illegal
may be forbidden the use of the malls,
and Interstate commerce ln Its products
or property Is then prohibited. .
House Committee Proposes
Certain Changes in the
Constitution.
AMENDMENT
TO REGULATE
THE TRUSTS
A SAD blow was dealt tho "rubber
neckjs" Monday when the Board of
Supervisors decreed that the ten
party telephone lines must be cut
to five. Just one-half of the pleasure de
rived by them from listening to the pri
vate affairs of their neighbors will be cut
off. At present ten people have a part
nership ln the inside business of each
other, but the combination will be cut to
five. Each member of these mutual ex
change societies thinks that he or sho Is
Levl Strauss scholars— First Conirresslonal
Di-trict: Keappclnted— Jesse Bohall Ed
na Gartdls. Edith Mabel Kendall Newly aD
polnte<l-John Joseph Mazza. Second Con-
Kresslcnal District: Reappointed-Amy Ger
trude Van Deerlln. Newly appointed— Carlos
Parker Griffin. Martha Elizabeth Mllier7ilabel
Elisabeth Coddi.ngton. Third Congressional
District: ReapDolnted-Fred Field Goodscll,
James Mcssin Koford. Newly appointed—Flor
ence Trebltt Hudson, Florence Mabel Preble
Fourth and Fifth Congressional districts: \\*.
appointed — Frank Walter Kerns, Annie Harriet
Allen, Monroe Emanuel Deutsch, Theobald
Perry Bayer. Violet Evelyn Beauchamp Baush
Flora Ade'.ina Domenlca Baclgalupl. Newly
appointed— Edward Gustave Cahlll, Anna Herk
ner. Sixth Congressional District: Reappolnted
—Walter Wadsworth Bradley, Charles Clar
ence Williams. Newly appointed— Mary Ellen
Hubbard. Rachel Laurena Steele. Seventh Con
gressional District: Reappolnted— Henry Noble
Bagley, Eetella Melinda Murdoch. Newly ap
polnted—John Marks Brewer, Edwin Everett
Keyea.
Corneliti* B. Houghton •cholar— Florence Eu
clc« Barnard.
BERKELEY, May 15.— The scholarships
for undergradua-tea of the University of
California who are considered most de
serving were awarded by the board of
regents at its meeting in Berkeley this
afternoon. They are as follows: .
Phebe Hearst scholars: Reappolnted— Alice
Marlor. Cummlngs, Hay Eleanor Gates, Ann©
Lucia Holmes, Kate Courtenay Johnston, Ra
chel Kurlandzik. Newly appointed — Agnes
Frisius. Katharine Maloy L«yne, Eliza Cross,
tally Allies I*»xter.
• et^ t^, of CaJlforn !a scholars— First Congress
ional District: Reappolnted-Willlam Burt Al
bertym, Ix.uis Albert Elmore, Rose Humann.
New,y appointed-Beatrice Urania Hagmayer.
fet-cond Cor.grtBFional District: Reappointed—
Minnie Bektrtoa Bannon, Mary Isabel Stock
i? n# 'cI.V Gol J m »n- Newly appointed— Eleanor
Fay St.lson. Third Congressional District: Re
arpo nted-Agncs Frleius, Fanny H. A ver>',
Newly ar^r.ted-Nina Melissa Farwell. Jcbn
Morton Esh!»man. Elizabeth Adelaide Herr
mann. Fourth and Fifth Congressional dis
tricts: Re«ivpo1nted— Alice Bowman Wright,
Vlncenza Catherine Mllledre. Gertrude gut
cllffe Jarne. Iiu £ h Wise, Ellen McKay Hen
eel. Newly appointed-James Clark Blair, Wil
liam John Allen Ella Gertrude Cook. Sixth
Congressional District: Reappolnted — Frank
° < ? rB £, 5 Joo 5? I ?f w L- ob « rt 1'ettlnRer Stephen
eon. Edna Tuiloek Owen. Xewly appointed
Margaret Elizabeth Doherty. Seventh Con
rresElonal DUtrict: Reaptointed-Flora Gene
vifve Eavaxe Manchester, John Nolan Chain.
g£S K n !i e u d d-; Ruby Wey cu»— •—.
BOARD OF REGENTS
AWARD SCHOLARSHIPS
To be lieutenant colonel— Harrison Sidney
R^hl neon. •
To be colonel— John Robert Uoulthropf
Frank lya McWade (Ph. B.). Joseph O'Connor
(B. L.). Emll Cornelius Peters, Samuel Rus
*=ell Rodgers (Ph. B.), Ransom Carey Van
Fleet (A. B).
Military commissions, battalion of University
Cadets — To be first lieutenants: William Frank
lin Netman, William Halsted Hilton, Major
Walter Dinkelspiel. John Carroll Nichols. Jrgge
Leirty Dlbeit. Arthur William Goodfellow, Vlo
tor Hendrirks Henderson, Howard Squires, John
Anthony Mr Gee.
To be curtains— Ernest Warner Oliver, Wil
liam Andersen Scott Foeter, Joseph Vincent de
Laveaga. George Asa Harker, Jack Dietrich
Hoffman. Edward Gerhart Kuster, Arthur Clar
ence Babson. Arthur Gould Taahelra, Paul
S*!by. Maxwell Latham McCollough. Roland
Letts Oliver. Edwin Letts Oliver.
To be majors— Robert Hilliard Collins, Percl-
man, Berkeley; Laura Lorlna Donnelly, Berke- '
ley; Grace Belle Edson. Oakland; Saul Eps- ,
teln. £an Francisco; James Brown Herresholt
Jr., Coronudo; Alice Klmball, San Francisco: '
l-iuian Nathan, fan Francisco; Ella Jane ,
O'Connell. Oakland: Adel Arta Parker. San
Francisco; Euphemia Sinclair Paxton, Orange; '
Frederick Willson Rockhold, Riverside; Alma ,
Emma Etockwell, Berkeley.
Bachelor of ecience (Ccllega of Commeroe) — '
William Clark Harwell, Los Angeles; Howard ,
Danlrl McCrearr, ijuisun; Edward James Tal
bott, Lompoo.
Bachelor of science (College of Agriculture)—
Uoy Knleht »1sboi\ Orange; Alfred John
Smith. Berkeley. ¦
Bachelor of science (Coliece of Mechanics) —
Arthur Clarence Babaon, Alameda: Hues J.
Brovcr. Frosno; GoUlray de Lisle, Berkeley;
Otto Emit Falch Jr., San Francisco; John
Jacies Alexander Hay, San Jose; James Joseph
Kline, San Francisco: Conrad Lorlng, Berke
ley: George Herbert Masters, Berkeley; James
Daniel Mortimer, Riverside; Howard Freder
ick Miinson. llast Oakland; William Franklin .
Nelman, Berkeley; Yoneshlro Shlbata, Japan -
Ray Whitman Slmonds, Berkeley; MacDonald
! Spencer, San Francisco; Herman Newcomb .
1 Ealliger. Berkeley.
i Bachelor of scier.ee (ColI'Be of Mining)—Al
! bert James Anderson, Petaluma: John William
Bvnes, SoQuel; Wili!am Lee Bowroa, Poway;
Henry Francis BrlzarU, Arcata; Joseph Rodney
Brown. Oakland; Lester Byrd Chemlnaat. San |
Francisco; Arthur James Crocker. San Fran-
I Cisco: David Goodale, San Pablo: Hlchard Snell
Haseltlne, Berkeley: William HalEted Hilton.
Berkeley; Byron Everett Janes. Berkeley; Wil
liam Wallace Mein, Oakland; Fred Ludwlg
Morrl*. San Jacinto; John Carroll Nichols,
Dutch Flat; Edwin L«tts Oliver, Oakland; Ro
land Letts Oliver, Oakland; Frank Warner
Phe!i>s, Lcs Anifeles: John Allen Reid. Stock-
I ton; Dwight Timothy Smith, Berkeley; James
! Clarence Sperry, Big Trees; Edwin Henry
Tracy. San Diego; Mark Henry White. Berke
i ley: Cyril Williams Jr., San Francisco; Alex-
J ander Wise, San Francisco.
Bachelor of eclence (College of Civil Engineer^
i Ing-)— Benjamin Allen Balrd, Lodl; Francis
l.ucien Burckhalter, Oakland; Percy Edgar
Hicks, Santa Crui; William Murray Kerlinger,
Eticlaal; Henry Hawley Patterson. Centen'ille-.
Bachelor of science (College of Chemistry)—
Joseph Corbett Chri£tens&u, Oakland: Robert
HiHlard Collins, Oakland; Mxuiuel Exnatlus
Mores, San Leasdro; Emma Francis French,
I Santa Rosa; James Percy Grant, Berkeley;
Gertrude Helen Hampton, Nevada City; Ger-
J trude Longmore, Largo: Hugo Gustave Pohelm,
San Francisco: Aiva Jacob Remmel. Alaxaeda;
Nonr.an Cugene Smith, Los Angeles: Willard
Howard Weslar, Berkeley; Clyde Merrill West
cott. Tuetln.
The degree of graduate ln pharmacy (Col
lege of Pharmacy)— Louie Michael Agulrre,
Gtorge- Washington Beck. Will David Burton.
Nathan A. Cahn. Frank -Martin Carter, San
ford Warren Cartwrlght, B. S. ; Will Stacker
Cherlng-ton, Warren Hillson Cole, Isaac Henry
Cory. Paul Gerald Dorsey. William Charles
Eppenhimer. Robert Howard Eveleth. Richard
Mltchal Fernald. Emmett Mahew Fowler, Otto I
George Freyermuth. Warren Florimund Geary.
I Alfonso Robert Guetave, Guctav Albert HutnJT, |
Robert Benson Hea-h, Elsie Bell Hlgglns. Wai- [
1 ter Edward Jacksuii. Alfred B«n Jacobs. Fred-
I erick Schneider Klinkner. Gustave Oscar Klotz.
Joseph Jeremiah Mahony. Patric James Me- i
Garry, Daniel Newcomb MoMUlan. George
Ollva, Mark Alvin Bawrie. Leo Amandus I
I Schmitz. Harry Christian Staufler, Frank Mar
j mion Teass. James S. Tonpnce. Alice Carolina
! Ward. John Witmer.
The decree of doctor of dental surrery (Den
tal Department)— Frank Wilson Anderpon, Wal
¦ ter Pike Austin. Gcttfrld Bergstrom. Jullen Rex
Bernheim. Daniel Edward Blackburn, Edward
James Broad. Paul Milton Burns, Eduardo Ca
ceree. Thomas Merritt Ca-rmichael, George
Harry Casadsy. Daniel Henry Cockerton, Philip
Stephen Cummlngs, Alice May Davis, Joseph
Horace Doyle, Hubert Crees Eller. Charles Kd
ward Farrnan. John Howard Finley, John Wil
liam Ginno. Arthur Earle Hackett, Jam»s La
fayette Halsted Jr., Charlea Sumner Hardy,
Joseph F. M. Hocker. Francois Louis Marium
Hus, Anna Dorothea Joost, David Harrison
Lenpo, Albert Francis Lucchettl. Frank Michael
Madden, Herbert Stanhope Meyer, John Milton
McCllsh. Christopher John Mogan. Edna Fulton
I J. Moore. Alvah Xfvada Morgan. Totaro Hlro-
I phi Ohnnra. Daniel Augustus Ostrom Jr.,
George Hudson Phillips. Henry J. Phillips.
Wallace Wall Reading, Frederick Joseph Rull
fon. John Hartley Scntt, Henry Charles Soher,
John Chriftoifcer Somersett, Marlon Laurence
Tobriner. Will Merrill Tryon, Frank Vaughan,
Eugene Goorge Woolsey.
The degree of doctor of medicine (Med
ical Department) — Harry Everett Aldprson,
David Eugene Baclgalupl, Carlotta Ruth Deck
; ejman. Dora Ida Dorn, Ernestine Doychert,
Edgar James Farrow, William Harvey, Ruth
) erford Bucbard Ironee. Elizabeth Frances
i J'-yre. Bernard John Klotm. Samuel Walter
! Rose Langdon Jr (A. B), Julia Paulina Lar
; son, Thomas Michael Magulre <A. B), George
Jewett McChesmey (A. B.), Arthur Merrill Mc
j Intosh, Tadatnro Mlyabe. William George
I Moore. Mary Elizabeth Nolan. Peter Opsvig
! <A. B.), Mathew E>pni» Pratt. George Frederick
ReinharOt (B. S.), Raymond John Rusa (B. S.)
] I»ul» Victor Eaph (B. L.). Frank William
I Simpson. John Francis Sullivan (B. 8.), George
Joseph Sweeney, Theodora Elliott Vassault,
Herbert Charles Watts. Emmet Le Roy Wem
ple. Edwin Milton Wilder (B. L.).
The degree of bachelor of laws (College of
Law) upon Marlon Sarjreant Blanchard (Ph.
B.), Fred Ellewcrth Borton. John Friedlander
Bowie, Louis Horace Brownstone (Ph. B.),
Marrel E. Cerf fPh. B), Francis Byron Clarke,
Edward Ivan Clawiter. Charles Francis Craig
<B. L.). ¦William Berry Craig, AlTln Buell Cro-
Wfll. Letus Narci?i'js Crowell, Francis Her
bert Dam (A. B.), Andre DesBouslavy, William
Tecumseh Sherman Doyle (A- B., LL. B.).
| Walter Gr!21ths (M. A.), Robert Lee Husted.
Charles McFerson Mannon (A. B.), David
University of California Adds Many
Names to the List of the
Alumni.
5f^ ERKELET, May 15.— At a meeting
|M^v cf the Board cf Repents of the Uni
jt_^y rereity of California he'.d In the
president's office this afternoon the
lolicvrlrjg degrees were conferred:
The degree cf doctor of philosophy (College
rt Soc.al Sciences)— Jessica. Blanche I'elxejtu,
l'h. B., Baa Francisco; thesis, "A Comparative
BtOttr cf the Principles of the French Ilevolu
tioa acd the I>octrine cf Modem French So
cialism.**
Ti'e decree cf fioctor cf philosophy (College
cf Natural t*c?cnc^s) — 'Wilt^r Charles Blasdalo,
1:. >'. ar.< M. .<.. Berkeley; Umls, "A Chemical i
EruSy of the [Bdaeacax Kour.'l on the Fronds of j
Ciyrr.::- gramme Triangular: s."
Da tt<lM of master ct arts— William Hardy 1
Alexander, a. u. (University of Tcrocto). ev- j
tj«a. Ctr.acx; tteels, "The rentasyilablc End- j
i:\tn cl tbo Lucretian liexarnerer." Hiram
Btcghan Jr.. A. B. <.Yale University), Hono
luiu; iberii. "The cirowth of American Suprem
fcry :r. Hawaii." Lolo Margaret Kaepper, A. B. i
il. r.ivere'.ty o» Iflaho), L*wistcn, Idaho; thesis, {
"G«*tfc*>'a 'Fautt' in Ecglan.l: Belr.g a I)t*eue
t . r. i f the Attitude of the English Public I
•Xoc-ari Goethe s Masterpiece." Glflcrd Horace j
G;-wley McGrew, A. B. (Harvard University). I
Eerke!<->;; thcs;s. "Xiietcry of Early HiKh j
bchoola. Eugenie I<uu:co Shaw, A. C... Oak
land; thesU, -Tiie Eecoad Chorua of th« Aga
"::.<?¦ >ie«rrce cf master of letters— Knight Dun-
Icv. Ph. B., Lhamcnd Sprtr.ir; theais, "The Ef-
It-ct oJ Imperceptible Shadows T.'pon Judsmenta
cf Distinct." Viva Barbara ilcArthur. Ph. B.,
6ar. r"r-cc:t.=o • theeis, "Hxern^tlon« I>cn Tax
«.Uca ir. the f^lteci EUtt*." Edna. TVaymlrs,
V. U, Alaciefla: thesl*, "The Dramatic Move
ment in Urxli^d from liSO to 16^!."
The degrc* of master of acleace <CoUee of
Jvctural bcleace*- 1-UtlDh Erwin Glbba, B. S., I
l.aeipy; thcsla, "i'liyUcsptfili as a Beach-!
PuUflw. Rc*e Mor.trt« Hathaway, B. S., i
t-.l)istrpol: Thes'j. "On the Hypereeometric '
ir wuctu-n L.xj>res£ed aa a Double Loop Ir.te- j
crul. toahiaaburo Kuiio, B. S., ii^rlceley; the- i
iTb. "An AdaitaUoa to I~os* Inten-aU of V. i
c-rpolrer a Method of Ccir.rutiEs ft Comet Orbit
I- our Places With Shirt lntervais."
Ire decree of master of science (Colleg of
C. :<¦:>-.;« r>>— Irving Cowaa AH-a. B. 6.. Berke
l'-y; tl)-«is. "A Preliminary Report on the Rela
tive \ aiue* cf tie Fuels Ceed in the Bay I>:s
trut of Ban Francisco."
Bachelor of art* (College, of Letters)— Frank I
"VMil-.am Altken. San Franclsro; Ernest White I
Arnold. Corvaliia. Or?ecn; Fred Goodrich Ath
jarn, Lo« Angsiee; I'urle Evelyn Bcttornes,
L^s Ac^tlea: Harold Cornelius Bradley. Berke
ley; Ata Horatio CcgsweJl, Los Angeles; Eve
3;n Kate Arcnson. San Fraac!*co; Iltrb*rt Wll
marth Bailey, fan Francesco; Minnie Elizabeth i
Uoucher. Berkeley; Herbert Lincoln Breed. I
t'axljind: Edward Esbfrn ChristenEen. Mftx;
Err.CFt Augustine Clausen. Zamora; Archibald
Jt-Ter Cloui. Oakland; Ada Ensma Conrad. Ala
n.tda: Ar.sie Dcborab Coulter, San Francisco;
Adeline Belle Crcyland. tian Francisco: Wll-
Jlara Henry DeB»lI. B. S. (Rcanoke College).
Berkeley; Krra William I>ecoto. I>ecr>to; Jesse
Le.-oy Dlbert. Oakland: Major Walter Dinkel-
Bpiel. bakersfleld; Frd Grrher Dorety, Uast I
'"•Eilanci: Alieo Eug-enla Duffy, San Francisco;
Jir««ie Lea French. Santa liosa; May Everett I
<;r»>e!i Sacramento: Charlotte Anr.a Henley. I
Jierkeley; Eugene Egbert Hewlett. Napa; Her
hfrt Winlcrd Hill. Santa Ana; Daisy Gllend
H.r.rt'.ey. Fresno; V."ilfred Rpclr.ald Haughton
31 :^pk!n. Fresno; Alice Humphreys. San Fran- I
cii-eo; Richard Ernest Hyde Jr.. Viealia: May t
?Cot:e Jackson. Berkeley; Gertrude Maxwell !
Jrwett. B«?rk?!ey: Gertrude Olive Kelfry, Yen- {
tura: Jr^eph Lorenzo Kennedy. Berkeley; Eu
renle Laocfte, Ban Franc'.sco; Ellen Cameroa *
Lemcnt. Oakland; Joseph Vincent de Laveaga,
Kan Frmndaco; I-y<i!a D. Lawhead. Woo<iland;
Iv u'.ye Adra LInscott, Lake City; Florence
Uertha Liiingstcn, Oakland; Walter Loewy,
f Kraririsco; Estelle Jane Lundy, East Oak
land: Bcdestoa Bower* Marsh, San Fraxidsco;
Man' El'.zal^th McCa.be, Lompoc: Matilda
Liepette Me<^u!loch, Alameda: June Laura Mc-
GlaFhan, Truckee: Eliial^eth Davidson Mo
llillan. Oaklcnd; Dorothy M»lnin£er. San Fraji
ctFco; C'.mton Ellis Miller. Vlsalia: Lfllie Eve
lyn fcloUer, OaklaT-.d: John Robert Moulthrop,
Batketer: Mitchell V illiam Nathan. San Fran
c.s>co: Anna Josephine Neale. San Dle^o; Jean
n>»tte Newman. San Francigca; Amelia Helen
Newmark. Alameda; Ernect Warner Oliver,
Lcs> Anireles; C'arence Warren Peck, Soquel;
Charles E*iwin RHth, Union Hou?e: Mathllde
P. Richard, San Francisco; Harrison Sidney
Rdbinsoo, Berkeley; John Rose Robinson.
Chico; Alice Jane Riioney, San Francisco;
J.'alwl Frances Kuch. Alden: May Louise Sel
lar.der. East Oakland; Joseph Oscar Downing.
Berkeley; Noel Hunt Garrison, Colusa; B»rtha j
Oreer.. A. B. (Cnfvetslty of Southern Califor
nia). Santa An: Eleanor Stewart Hammack. i
Cxm A:.s»-ifK; Mary Victoria Ernst Harris.
C'akland; Augustus I^orin< Hart Jr., San f ran- ¦
dmco: IT— n Barter Kutchinson, OaJOscul^ Ale- i
frrn Hurion. Berkeley; Eleanor Irene Ixjvallee, •
Haywarde: Eiwerd Walter Lt-hn»>r. Santa Bar- '
V»ara; Ivan Mortimer Linforth, Berkeley; Lena
May Maiaulay, Auburn; Pearl Marshall, Santa
Maria; Dora Louise Martin. Berkeley; WlUsie
llaiinir.er Martin. Berkeley; Maxwell Latham
McCollTj»rh. . Irvlnffton: Francis Ribert Mor
rison, Oakland; Willard Giles Parsons, Berke
ley; AmiadUB John Richard Paaalsfn. Saa
Francisco; Bertha Sar.born, A. B. (Pomona.
Collert-). Pomona; Alfred Charle* Ekaife. San
Franci«co; Grace Adelaide Sullivaji. Berkeley;
Arthur Gould Tashelra. Oakland; Ethel Mary
San Francisco; Fern Eh-a West,
Bf-rkf!py; Minnie Ray AVlleon, Berkeley.
Bachelor cf letters (Coll^ffe of Social Sciences)
— i;dith Mary Alien, Oakland; Lawrence Arn
ftein. £&n Francisco: Florence H<=len Solltnan.
ban Francisco; William Clay Spencer, Berke
ley; A*mes Steedir.an, l}*rkpley; May Ellia
b<?th Sweeney, Euitan; L*;»r<d Howard Tracy,
}ierkeley: Fanny Earl Tyrrell. Berkeley;
Mamie Cooper Voontanper. San Francisco:
«i»-rtrude H&zel Tfarhs. Oakland: Wllliarn Ken
nedy White, f?an Franc:«:o; Anna Ruth
Wilder, Oakland; Mary Grace Wiltshire, San
I>-rnanJlno; Oscar Wolf, Saa Francisco; Cora.
R Youmr (B. L-, Ohio Wesleyan University),
Mcnroeville, Ohio.
Bachelor of philoeophy (Colleg-e of Social 6d
eneni — Frances Hammel Gearhart. Pasadena.;
Rachel Scott Gilmour, Eureka; Charlotte Mil
liken H^ak. Comptcho: Itay Howell, Colfax.
liaxhelor o? eclenct < College of Natural Sri
»i.ces)—Gertrude Eudora Allen, Fan Diego;
Iluth Hebron Arnstr»ng. Berkeley; Otto IV?r.tz.
Panta ISarhara: Uorrta Hoyt Covert. Berkeley;
jlosapher Xe-w^ll Ewer T>anlel, San Francisco;
Jloy Erne«t Dlckersoa, Berkeley; Percival Dol-
DEGREES CONFERRED
ON A LARGE CLASS
THE SAX FRAISrCISGO OAIit, WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 1900.
FEWER PEOPLE WILL NOW
EXCHANGE THEIR SECRETS
"These figures," he said. "Indicate the
number of those who have come directly
to the United States, and do not embrace
a very large number (how many not
known by bureau) destined ostensibly to
the Dominion of Canada, and most of
whom, it is believed, ultimately enter the
United States on the northwest Canadian
border. In view of the fact that the rec
ommendation contained in the annual re
ports of the bureau for several years past
to the effect that exclusive ports of entry
for immigrants should be established at
principal points on the boundary between
the United States and Canada have not
been adopted, there is no -means at the
command of the bureau to either Inspect
or keep a record of Immigrants entering
along said border; but the large number
of Japanese engaged ln construction work
ln Western States and Territories con-
Arrivals of Japanese — 1898, 2230;
in 1899, 3395, and for nine months
ending March 31, 1900, 4427.
CALL HEADQUARTERS^ WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, May 15.-
Immlgration Commissioner Powderly to
day sent to Congress, in reply to tho reso
lution of Representative Kahn, informa
tion regarding Japanese immigration. He
gives the following figures:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
firms the Impression above expressed—
that the bulk of thoso professing to be
destined to Canada ultimately reach this
country.
"With reference to the possibility of in
crease of such immigration lor this year,
this apain is a subject upon which tho
riureau can only conjecture !n general
terms, from the steady Increase in such
arrivals. It Is c-ommim rumor, which
reaches the bureau from time tr> time
from its oSieiats on the Pacific Coast, that
there will be a large increase of such im
micratton."
Mr. Powderly refers to the difficulty ln
the way of managing this Influx and cites
lack of interpreters an one of tho causes
of embarrassment. Mr. Powderly says
his investigations show that Immigration
is fostered by numerous societies, which
derive large profits from commission*
raid either directly by Immigrants or
through the agency of steamship lines.
In anticipation of Increased immigration
of this kind ln future the Immigration
Bureau has sent special agents to the
principal ports . on the Pacific Coaat to
make complete investigation.
Representative Kahn said to-day he
would endeavor to meet the suggestions
of Commissioner Powderly that special
ports for the entry of allena into tho
United States b« provided by Introducing
a bill making that provision.
Cqmmissioqer of Immigration
Sends "Statistical iQformation
oq Subject to Congress.
JAPANESE INFLUX
, YEARLY INCREASES
11
CAPE NOME
AlAClilNERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR OOLD DREDOlNQ PUMPS
¦ /r»/\r*f_| Were successful at Nome last
i\l\UOn Tear. All others failed. In opera-
tion izily. i Etevenson sL. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
to Operation Daily. CSS Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON,
DPEDGINO PUMPS.
Our ceetrlfupal p'Jtnrs are going to Cape Kom«.
are you? Batter 'boy one; Just tne pump for
gravel; has Interchargeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma.
DU EDGING PUMPS.
rvij Ga»<-.Iine Steam Hoists. Cenlrtfural Puirsp*.
Kni^nei'&Bollera. H«ndyUich.Wks.,4t Fremont.
TENTS A % D COVERS.
JCE\ r ILLK A CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents.
•overs. 21 and 22 California St.
VARSH STEAM PUMPS
Bupply fre»h cr salt water for sluice boxes:
bl*rh or low lifts. P!mon<Js. Z3 Market »t.
ENGINES.
In stork, ftteam. sTS*. rasollne: full 11n»: mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. A«sn.. 20 Fremont.
OOL' 'EPARATOtf.
<>rrlr>ne Geld Separator and Amalgamator In
da!ly operation. Wra. H. Birch tt. Co.. 123 l«t.
GOLD SEPARATO».
MAnFHALL Geld Saving Machine. 2*1 Fol-
*om street. Oriental Ga* Engine Company.
GOLD-SAVINQ MACHINE
In cperatU-n fiaUy at Mining Fair. Central
Park. Office 1ST Beal* st.
SLUICE BOXKS
KlnnfiiVe chair.rlon «!u!ee saves gold; competi-
tion Invited J7JS 15th Bt., corner Guerrero.
PLATED rO» SAVING OOLn.
f5rt'.a' > zle]n &¦ Burridce, i I!ard> place, <".
K>*rny. between Kutter and Bush streets.
SILVER-PLATKJJ MJMNO PLATES.
GET them at I>riit:!.»ten's San Francisco PJar-
1e^ Works. CZ3 Mission «t.
SUVEP-fLATED 1MALGAM PLATf 6
F W BELU Central Plating WorKs, 8J2 Mis-
sion n.. S. F. Phone Jessl* XC1.
TANK?.
TANKS — Partflc Tar.lf Co.. manufacturer*, !5
B«ale rt.. B. F^ 3<8 E. 21 et.. Los Anire!?s.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DSUG CO , Jgg?- rt ,
WHISKY.
HITKTC3 DVP ClfJUSTT & WIPE Comraer-
IlL-^lCi lilL- clal Co. ZTi-Va Sansoroe St.
L?QUO>/S-
tt'RICV'PV' BLATZ KEElt. Bethesda Water.
Tl IlljKCI CAHEN & KON.mKacramento st.
P0RTABL8 JfOUSES.
BURlCHAM-tiTANDCFOlU> CO.. Washington
and Imi ata.. O&fclaad, or Builders' Ex., a. F.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i Steamers leave Broadway
S^ wharf, San Francisco:
r»Sfc»^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
i^!*s3lv May u > u - n > Zi - 31 - Jun » *¦
|9^?W9^1 Cfcanje to company's steam-
ls& B*<V^ er * at Beattie.
BSviSa^ \ai F<or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Q^TLVlfril c - )i p °rt Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Ar.accrt«s
and New 'U'hatcom (Wa«h.> —
U a, m., Mav 11. 18. n. 29, n.
Jnn» 5, and evtry fifth day thereafter; chan;»
at Seattle to thia company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Taeoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eur»ka, Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. May
13. 13, 13. W. June 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cros. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
neos Port Harford <San Luis Obtspo). Gaviota.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Lo» Anijel-s) and Newport—
» a. m. May 11. 15. 19. 23. «. *!. J°n« *. aad
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Pert Harfoni
(San Luis Obl«po). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Anreles and Redondo <Los Angeles>— 11 a. m..
May 13. IT. n. ». ». June ». and every fourth
day thereafter. ••• '• •¦ "~
For Ens^nada. Mag(Jalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Matatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexieo>-1!) a. m.. May 8. and
7th of each month thereafter.
Fcr further Information obtain company's
°The" company reserves the rtjrht to chang*
steamer*, sailing dates and hours of sailins
withoi t previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel).
COODAUU. PERKINS A CO.. Oen. A«*ots.
~**^ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & ». CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From gpear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
lAnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS ...........
May 13, 13. June S
COLUMBIA 8AILS May IS. 2S. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points tn the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
• E. C WARD. General Agent.
C30 Market st.
GOODALL. PEHKIN'S A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOS. TXXXX
StoppiriK at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, W a. n.
St. Paul May IS St Paul June 1
St Louis May 23 St. Lnuls Jon* It
New York May SO New York Juns 30
RED STAFfc LINE.
New YorK end Antwerp
From New York, every "Wednesday, 13 nnon.
Fouthwark, M-iy HjNoordland June I
Westernland ....May £3= Friestand Jun* 11
Kensington .May 301 Southwark Jun. iJ
EMPIRE LI?«E.
S. S. Ohio sails from Steuart-st. wharf. Saa
Francisco, for Nome, on May 15, 2:30 p. tn.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now takes, but limited freight spae«
is still available. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle Jane SO. July SI. August 30. For ratea
and other information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
80 Montgomery St., or any of Its agents.
COXPAQICS tXHEBALE TRA.V&ATLA3TI3U2.
DIRECT LJNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^.^
Sallies every Thursday instead of <"m1TT^
Saturday, from November 2, 1S33. af^**»
10 a. m.; from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA QASCOGNE. May 17: L'AQL'I-
TAINE. May 24; LA TOt^RAIXE. May 31: LA
BRETAGNE. June T. First class to Havra.
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second claxn to Havre. $45; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. M
Broadway (Hudson bullding>. New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. PadHe Coast Agents. 6 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
:
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
~FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. .Thur*. ami Sat., at >:43
a. m.: 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frt-
i days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays 10:50 a. m.. i
. p. m. Landlnir and office Mis»»on-str»»t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main VMS.
FARE •• :.......80o
WeiyBiiTowS
OCEAN TBAVEL.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch tha Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons burden) ,
T. WARREN. Master.
-roK-
Vla Seattle, on or about
MAY 21, 1900.
The passengers' accemmodatior.s hav« been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. Any person con-
nected with Mr. Lane and going r.crt.1 ln hit
employ will call at once room (. 23 Market
st., and inquire about passage and freight.
Will Have Experience;! Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt landing at their
;*><-¦»; V destination.
For passage, freight, cold storao or Informa-
tion apoly at once to
J. j. HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Re 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken,
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN FltAXCISCO
•DIRECT FOR
THE WELL-KNOWN ALASKA FLYER,
S. S HUMBOLDT.
Positive Balling -.- , •'
WEDNESDAY ". MAT 30TH
«. S. ZEALAND! -V
First Salline MONDAY, MAY 21ST
¦ From Paciflc-st. Dock at 3 O'clock Sharp.
Becond Sailing (approximate) JUNE 2STH
Parcel Express .to All Points.
For freight and passenger rates apply office.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,
139 POST STREET.
TOYOKM
STEAMERS, WILL. LEAVE WHARF, COR-
n»r First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. . No cargo received on board on day
of salllng-
ES. AMERICA MARU «
* ¦¦-: ..........Saturday. May 13th. 1900
B3» HONGKONG MARU.V.
....". .Thursday. Jun« 14th. 1900
68. NIPPON MARU-... Tuesday. July 10th. 1900
- •¦- — ' -, - Via Honolulu. •
Round-trip ¦ tickets at reduced rates.* For
freight and passage apply av company's office.
411 Market street, corner First.
' . • W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
OCEAUIC 8.S. CO.— HO>~OI.tTi.U. APIA
.AliCKLASU AS1) : SVDSEy.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
' land and Australia... .Thurs. May 17, 8 p. m.
B. 8. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)......:..... .
•,....!.. .:....... Wednesday,- May 80,1900, 1 p. m.^
3. 0. SPNbCXELS ™ i»:uio: »u.; «j.^ ., .^o.-.^um. . .
Piar 7, Foot Pacific St Freifih) Oflice.327 aiaiket St
\^\4\ 1 Winchester Repeating Ri fie
A I * s a great law ln ItseW ' II P rotect y° u and
jKB§E]P Winchester
Ammunition
I^^^ !^^^- :^S Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name ar.d
/lliPll§li3*5 address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
JwJ Ir^H W. nchester Repeating Arms Co.,
¦^*^^^L1^I 4l8 narket street » S*" 1 Frandsco, Cal. |
THB BEST LAXATIVE.
A Pure Natural Aperient Water, • •
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS,
and therefore free from all the offensive smell often
found In Aperient Waters.
RELIEVES DISORDERED STOMACH, CURES CONSTIPATION.
The ONLY Aperient Water bottled at the Hunyadl Springs,
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, Sole Prop., Budapest, Hungary.THE SAN FJIANCISCO CAIili, WEDNESDAY, MAY X 16, 1900.
12
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR 8ALE.
BOILERS, engines. 7d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH — WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYd. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furnttu— and,
fixtures; new and second hand: w« always
have a large stock of laloon outfits oa hand:
J2 complete outfits on our floor, ready m*d»:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 10!l. 1023 Mission St.. abov*
Sixth: write for catalogue. _
A— J3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pln«.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Complete shelving, glass doors, etc..
for large store: best condition: bargain. THE
WHITAKER-RAY CO.. 723 Market St.
LARGE fresh shorthorn Durham cow; Tery
handsome ; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
$25- 6HxSH VIEW camera outfit, with I fin*
English lenses; Unlcum shutter. 40 Geary st.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottle*, expressage prepaid. $3 20: noth-
ing on case to indicate contents: twice tha
price could buy no better: mall orders sollc-
lted. F. KPHRAIM A CO.. 13 Montgomery.
ONES extra fine quality, double. 1 outer and X
inner, t compartments, flre and burglar proof
bank vault- made In sections for convsnlenc*
m shipping and for setting up: will sell at ..
barraln for cash. Box 1880. Call offlc*.
FOR Sale— Fresh cows. Apply 217 Hearst are.,
Sunryslde. ___^ ¦"
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bld«.
s-POUND steel T rail for sale cheap. BURN-
STINE BROS.. 834-53% Brannan st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $3 50.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD _t BRECK. 131 Post St.
BARBER fixtures and furniture: 2-chalr outfit
complete: must be sold at once at - sacrlflc*.
Inquire room 111. Call bldg.
AUTOMATIC WHlcox & Gtbbs sewing m_chin»;
good order; complete; cheap. 1313 Mission St..
near Fifteenth. ¦
EDISON concert phonograph, pries reduced to
$100: concert records, $2 50. BACIO.ALUPI.
*23 Market St.. San Francisco.
C SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand, la goo*
condition, for eale. 377 Shotwell st.
ONE 2 H. P. 220 volt motor: standard mak»: al-
most new; cheap. WHITE. SIS Mission st.
CASH resisters of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition: complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. lath.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: tron and wood
planers: lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beat*.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and told. W. C. BENTHAM. 1332 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flro and burg-
lar proof safe. 21 « California it.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE T3XR'
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fir* and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 43 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 Dl— ner and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 toconiotl— ea. 220 Fremont.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The- Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada, ons year for Jl.
rmwtago pwld.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTEI>— Second-hand 23 horsepo— er boiler
an engine with belt. 824 Post st.
EECOND-IIA-ND safe, suitable for country
bank. Address F. A. P.. U. 9. Mint. city.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
ca«ti H. L WHITEHEAD. 171ft Market st.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, aay amount; • per cent; first,
secend mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. O. EL
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANT amount at C per cent: 1st. Id and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no d»-
lay; get my terms before doing business els«-
wbere. R. McCOLGAN. I* Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advarces on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46 Maxkst
st. : tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECK—R & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 1» sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rate*; confidential.
UO.NF.UiI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 124 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prt-_t»
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 395.
ON furniture and pianos without removal :q_lc~
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
13 and (9, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 14 per cent; also
loans to salaried people, HARSHBAROEH,
\tt Ellis st.. room 84.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' E_chng». 431 C-llC
TO ratarled people; without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note 'without
lndoryer. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
$50 TO JoO.OOO; lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. US McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. CO Market it.
TO salaried men without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
CHEAPEST and best In America.— Th* W«_ly
Call. IS pages, sent to aay address la tha
United States or Canada oa* Tear tor $1.
po«tag» paid.
MUSICAL I.VSTItf.M_.\TS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright ptanoa. J« cash. 16 per
month: other pianos $3. V* and IS p*r monta.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway D-alers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of beautiful new style Peckers
Just received: parties who ha~ been ™U™f
for these will do well to call at once. _AL-
VAI3. 763 Market st.
A FINE Packard piano was sold recently to th»
Berkeley Hall Association. I. ** *£ : T'v, "*
the MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 'O Market st.
IT Is not wise to throw awajr ««J«M» £J^
ss-s?c_rsssj a~ _\^Ai_r viLr!
ket «t.
%o\Y M Ske°/lng"ireS. *SS£Sl S^S
'^l^rrgAZJ^SON. 1» O-Farrell st.
. _, O « T t— ttt v the ol<l'»t and largest hous«
A we?t o7ch^RO I* KOHLER A CHASET9.
7« if and &) OFarrell st.: piano, organ, and
S SiE? Egg SgfZSSi lowest 1 ; SSry!
Sn/SbleTone' to Please and satisfy the
i customer.
'. ii ivnsnvif upright, three-pedal, newest de-
A six months. wUl be sold for
s^jgggpj^-S-S: it *• r -
$125— ELEGANT upright for sale or rent tor $1
342 Kearny st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. SOS to
312*Post st.
a FEW days only— New pianos, $3 50 per mo.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ. 1«
McAllister St.. next Hibernta Bank.
FIVE Fischer and Stelnway upright: sacrtflced.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Nesa ave.. nr. Geary »t.
W G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.; ojent for
Francla Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, -ithera, old and new. H.
¦ MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for *U
postage paid.
OirKICRS A\'_ STORKS— TO LET.
LARGE store, cor. Seventh and Natama: owl
30 years as grocery and saloon: reasonable.
OIL.
IF you are buying oil stock you better read our
folder. "How to Judge an Oil Company":
mailed free on application. The International
Investments Co.. Henne bldg.. Los Angeles.
J£££g PALMISTRY.
M «E. Neergaaxd. Prss. St. Oermaln Coll»«» oC
Palmistry; reads 1 to 1. US Geary. »r. Jo-m.
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, comer cf Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
*00 Hayes street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
C3J McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
C13 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mlss'.on rtreet; open until 10 p. rr_
_W1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea un-
til » p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etrwts; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING KOTICES.
MOUNT KOHIAH Lodsre No. 44. F. and _
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J^.
KVKNING at T:3i» o'clock. Second de- )K_K
erv *- THEO FROLICH. Sec. f^»
CROCKETT Led— No. 133. F. and A. M. A
First d.gree THIS EVENING. May 1G, JV
_t '::<,' o'clock. By order of the W. M. tS.3?
II. FOKTRIEDE. Secretary. ***?*
EXCEJ_»IOK Loice No. 166. F. and A. •
M.— Ppec'al mating THIS (WEDNES- -ffV,
DAY) EVENING, May 16. at 7 o'clock. /1^\
beoond degree. ' ~^
THnO. E. SMITH, Sec
MISSION Lo<<-ce No. :C«. F. and A. M.— fl
Called ni.»etlr.s THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING 7 o'clock. Third LVsrree. Jt2r
C. D. BUNKER, Pecreuuy. ™1
FRANCO-AMERICAN -Lodge No. <^j^L^T
207. I. O. O. F.— Office™ and mem- ~fl_jwJst^
bers are requested to attend meet- ~^Zz£f&i$z~
ing on THURSDAY EVENING. X w/«'S'
May 17. Initiation and nomination of officers
for ensuing term.
E. DAUCHER. Noble Grand.
A. LEON AURADOU, Rec Sec.
TINNERS' Union will meet at K. P. Hall, 903
X!arkct 6t-, FRIDAY. May IS. All tinners and
sheet-lrcn workers requested to attend.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Independent Elec-
trick Light and Power Company will be held
at the office of the ccmsany. 227 Market St..
San Francisco. C_l.. on MONDAY, the 28th
day cf May, A. D. 1S0O. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. in., for the purpose of electing a
boerd cf directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction cf such other busi-
ness as may ccme before the meeting; trans-
fer books will dose on Friday. May 25. 1900.
at S o'clock p. m.
J. M. TAYLOR. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the ftookholflers of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Market
et.. San F"r_r.risco. California, on MONDAY,
the :«h day of May. 1S00, at the hour of 3 p.
m.. for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to 6erve for the ensuing year and the
transsctlon of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday. May 18. 1900, at 3 o'clock |
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary. j
Office — S27 Market St., San Francisco,
C-iiforcU.
AGEVTS WAJfTED.
AGENTS for an all-round useful utensil; best
ever Invented; $15 to $25 per Jay: profitable,
permanent business. Call or write HERRICK,
1417 Bru?h gt.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED buildrng and loan agents.
Room 14 r *. Clau* Fr-reckels building.
ASTIIOLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
cgirt and palmist in the world; satisfaction
p-naranteefl. 15 Powell st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
nn fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. 6D0 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 127 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLAHK. Emma Spreckel* bids.. 327 Mar-
V»t ft. : consultation free: no fee* in advance.
MATH CAMNET — HOT AIR. VAPtyR.
BOBUfEOSS $;. 4-ranel folding: door openB: firm
and safe. AV. F. BKOWN. gen. Hgt.. 416 Kill-.
n_L<JIA.\ HAUIIS.
CALIFORN * IA~1JEL_ IAN HARE~ ASSOCIA-
T1ON.
Capital Stock $25,009.
IMPORTERS. BREEDERS AND JOBBERS.
Special Discounts to Dealers.
Call and examine the largest and best assort-
ment o' Hares on the Pacific Coast.
We puarar.t«-e <.ur animals and pedigrees.
30 animals Just received from England that
GEO. A. YOTTNG. Manager.
Webster-ft. Station.
Nan- ow-zauge Railroad. Alameda.
TelThon 1 ? Orand 1*51.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND EVENINGS.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.
€C1>. Cll Golden Gate ave. .
PASRODA KING, imported.
H'.ph-c'.aF? burk« and pedigreed does.
A full line of rabbltry supplies.
Nurse doe« rented. S$.
IRA BARKER DALZIEL.. Propr.
THOP.OfGHBP.ED Belgian does, bred to Royal |
Boverelpn. $10 to JTO; to Emperor cf Norfolk,
tJO to PA; to AJax buck in
Am fricat. $20 to IJO; youngsters, all strains. 6
v.. . k- ;2 DC; 10 weoks. $3 .".0: 3 months. SS and
ST fA Kenwood Uabbitry. £30 14th Bt.. Oakland.
CX-tREMOTCT Belgian Hare Association— Does
t>r«?d to Fafhoda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
Jiri to SiO; best f train youngsters, $2 to {15.
<r:S Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
PKDlflREnn stock— All popular strains; Lord j
Fafhoda Chief <!irp. i and other grand Elres at j
stud. Kurc-fca Rabbltry. 1C16A Turk; vis. wel. I
TRF.MONT BELGIAN HARE CO.. 21S4 Fill-
more st.. Pan Francisco. Cal. Send 6 cent*
In ftamiis for book on care acd feeding. ;
BICYCLES— For Sale or Kiciinnitf.
NEW Cleveland bicyclet: better than ever; $40.
LEAVITT & BILL. SOS Larkln St.
GREAT l«aTp_tns in tecond-hand blcyclea: from
Sa up: «end for list. LEAVITT Sz .BILL. 20»
Larkln n.. San Francisco. ,
BOOKS — SBW A.\D OLD.
»C1IOOI. HOOKS !<cnnllt >bl *KC_nce_.
yjoir'e. -t,v-v rvv -r.« m»««i<-- *t. -e»r Third.
HOOT AM) SHOE BARGAINS.
BARGAINS. la<2Je*' and children's «— oe»: drum-
tners' eampln mfi. cost. Kohlbedier. 145 4th.
zji_i.\ess cha.\ci:s.
A— SU.;«; COFFEE ealoon: established many
years and doing a fir— t-class paying business;
rent (:•»•. choicest loc— tion: only two blocks
north cf Chronicle bids. Particulars R. O.
WILKE. W>C Market et.
A— 1^0; CORNER braiiCh bakery and grocery.
with 4 living rooms, on Geary ¦_: low rent
and eood paring b_*!ne«5; a rare chance.
Call It. <J. W^LKE. 906 Market et.
A— $4^0; SALOON, with living rooms; ertab.
many years and good payi^c place; on Sixth
st. : low rent. Call R. ii. WILKE, W)6 Market.
A — "30; DELICACT and candy store; choicest
location on Mission st- ; rent 525; living rooms:
dally receipts 1-0; place must be sold at once;
owner to leave the city. Call R. O. WILKE,
K>6 Market gt. "
A— $.V«: CHOPHOl'BE and restaurant: estab-
• liFhed JO years; rent $25; opp. R. R. depot; a
eplend'.d rhsnee and a good paying business.
Call R. O. WILKE. SOS Market et.
A-$^0: CORNER saloon, 1 block from Market
and Ktockton «s; net rent X$3; a good paying
e.nd old-established business. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. K06 Market Bt.
A— flHOO; BEST located saloon on Market s_;
«i:h T-cl-jb and ladles' rooms and fin«
proundf ; place is* known over the U. S. and
Kurope and doing a large, profitable businezs.
Particulars R. G. 1VILKE, 908 Market St.
A— PARTNER wanted In the best-paying corner
saJoon.ecnnected with club and ladies' rooms;
choicest location on Market tt.; close to Phe- !
Ian building; 2 years' lease, with 3 years' op- !
tion: rent (198; a rare chance for the right
party. See It. O. WILKE. 906 Market Bt.
A — t'.-fjO; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
no night or Sunday work; 6 years' lease;
place kept by owner U years and clears above
tSoti i-*r month: a splendid offer. Call It. O.
WILKE. D06 Market gt.
A. STENBERO CO
PHONE FOLSOM 1341
JXO— Branch bakery with «unny nns.; Mission
$er.O— Clear stand on Market st; receipts. IIS
tiZO— Cor. grocery and bar: owner there 7 yrs
A. STENBERO CO.. »S5 Market st.
A — J40O; LAUNDRY route clearing (60 a month:
irood horee and wagon; full Investigation and
trial solicited before buying; rplendld oppor-
tunlty. STENBERO CO.. S35 Market st.
A— *CSO; RESTAURANT north of Market: many
years established and doing a first-class busi-
ness; will bear ln\-e*t!patlon: owner compelled
to tell, s-lcknefs. STENBERG CO.. $S5 Market.
J^',0— STORAGE and .raying business; large
barn: 3 fine horses and harness; everything
complete; businef* on paying basis. KREDO
& CO.. 3* Geary «t.
J2T&— BRANCH bakery. confectionery and
cigars: party going to country; location ex-
cellent; no opposition; a bargain. KBpDO &
CO.. S6 Geary st. r
J3T,>-A DOWNTOWN restaurant; JJO daJly;
call lor particulars. KREDO _ CO., 36 Geary.
A GENTLEMAN with a few hundred dollars
can learn of a rare chance to make big money
In a nr-t-cU*s and safe undertaking. C. A,
H., car* E. BASILE. * Eddy Bt.
A— 1200; CIGAR store corner: fine location; foar-
ffain. COWINO & CO.. 718 Market st.
X GOOD-PAYING dairy for eale: no. reasonable
eCer refused; departure. Box 23S4. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
SOBER, steady and reliable man, ». wants po-
sition of any kind where good services will
be appreciated; am willing to work and can
furnish first-class references; also security if
required; city or country; please stale partic-
ulars. Box 2333, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN from Bristol, 30, honest, sober,
fond of hard work, neat In appearance, good
writer, quick at figures, wants position; low
wages where chance of advancement; Al ref-
erences. Box 2330. Call of flee. '
WANTED— By man and wife, a place on fruit
or grain ranch; man experienced and was
at one tims In business. Address or call
t 615 Kearny St., room 6. *
SITUATION wanted by a gentleman over 30 in
a bank or first-rate business: country or town;
quick at figures; knows French and Italian
thoroughly; best refs. given. Box 2320. Call.
ELDERLY, active man wants situation with
private family as gardener, horses, etc.; small
wages; first-class references. Gardener, box
2335. Call office.
POSITION wanted by a young man residing
with parents: can keep books: shipping busi-
ness preferred. Box 2329, Call ot^e.
A COMPETENT~^an~wishes~a situation as a
help to any party wlshins help on the road to
Paris. For particulars apply 240 Natoma st.
YOUNG man of steady habits, good workman,
wants situation. Address box 2317, Call.
DRUG clerk, licentiate; six years' experience:
city or country. Address Box 2138. Call.
GOOD cook wants a place in a small board-
Ing house: good on pastry. WM. WINKEL-
MAN. 83 Third St.. room 162. • ¦
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation;
good references: experience city and country.
Addrees 613 Ninth St.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by competent German man
and wife on a ranch; dairy or stock ranch
preferred; first-class references. Address 74j
Howard st.
A MAN and wife, good cooks, desire situations
In a mining or lumber camp. Box 2313, Call.
GOOD paperhanger, painter, tinter. eto., handy
with tools, wishes situation: city or country
hotel; reasonable wages. Box 2172. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsement#an_
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla tt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GKORGR MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market et. — Examinations free; German
eye water hy mail. 60c. Phone Mint 257.
~ FLATS TO LET.
ATTRACTIVE, sunny fiats. 4 and 5 rooms, bath;
rent moderate; Hanover pi., off Sacramento,
above Powell. Apply at 42 Montgomery st.
A— 7-ROOM llat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows:
all modern improvements. 417V4 Third st.
CLEMENTINA. 435— Flat of 3 rooms on the
first floor; rent $10.
IF you want tomove get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment; modern Improvements. 1931, 1935
OFarrell st. : rent cheap.
$3— SUNNY flat 6 rooms, bath, etc.; cor. Jersey
and Sanchez sts.
793 HAIGHT: 7 r....$25i 1610 California; 7 r..$35
1421 Green; new 201922 Hyde: 6 r 35
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market St.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GREAT SNAP!
Furnishings of new 6-room flat for sale; Hyde
and Sutter sts.; all cash not necessary if re-
sponsible; best Brussels carpets, brass bed,
blrdseye maple dressing table, bureau, etc.;
mahogany parlor furniture, pictures, bedding,
dishes: nothing lacking; been occupied three
weeks: rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE,
1039 Market st.
MODERN flat— 5 rooms, furnished, piano; $15.
QEO. W. H. PATTERSON. 1706 Market st.
FURXITVKB FOn XAI.E.
4 ROOJlF furnishedTn oak for $45 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED;
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission ft., pays
highest price for your sscond-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Iced 3353.
I1ELP WANTED-FEMALK.
cT^RT~HAl?S^N"&~^o7rrrr^TpTtio^e"Granr^85
: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20: 13 waitresses,
springs and summer resorts, $20; 19 waitresses
for different commcrcla/ hotels, $20, $22 60 and
$25; 5 waitresses, city; $20; 3 chambermaids
to wait, $20; chambermaids. $17 CO and $15; 2
fancy lroners. $30
FAMILY ORDERS
2 ranch cooks, $20 now and $30 afterward;
German girl, city, $20; girl for housework and
plain washing, $20. All girls looking for sit-
uations come and select a place or register
with C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
3 EXTRA waitresses, country, $1 day; free
fare. C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MOTHER and daughter or two friends as cook
and second girl; $30; Sonoma: easy place.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
2 FIRST-CLASS cooks, city, $40 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid, summer resort.
Z-<>: waitress, same house, $20; fares here.
MISS' CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
COOK, summer boarding-house, Cloverdale, $25,
fare here; boarding-house cook, $30: ranch
cook. $30; German cook. Mill Valley, $25; cook,
Redwood City, $30; 4 German cooks, city. $25
and 430: hounework. Woodland, $25; San Jose.
$30. 2 In family: Walnut Creek. $20: Ansel
Island. $25: 2 ranch cooks, $20 and $25, fare
here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK and seconder], same house. San Ra-
fael. $25 and and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED — Cook. $30; second girl, $2n, same
place; second cook, $30; second girl, $20, coun-
try; 5 cooks, praln wash, $30; 7 second girls,
$20, $25, city and 6hort distance; -waitress,
$20, for the springs; 12 hotel waitresses, city
and resorts, $20, $25; chambermaids and wait-
resses. $20. $25; 2 pantry girls, $20; country
hotels; 5 restaurant waitresses, $6, $7 a wi.-k;
German nurse, $25; Scandinavian second girl,
$25; 100 housegirls for city and country, $20,
$2S. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
"WANTED — Lady clerk, assistant for our office,
between 20 and 30 years of age; single. J.
F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses. $25 each. Institution; cook,
same place, $40; 2 nurseglrls, $25 and $20:
6 second Rlrls, $25 and $20; 4 cooks, $30 and
' $25: houseRirl, $30, small family: 2 second
frtrls, Oakland, $23 each; cook, short dis-
tance, $30; man and wife, $40. MRS. NOR-
TON, 813 Sutter st. ¦
GIRLS: general housework: city and country.
WAITRESS: city and country.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, 927 Market, r. 202.
4 OR 5 lady solicitors for an "easy selling "la-
dles' medicine" : in city and surrounding
towns; salary and commission to experienced
parties.- Call at 321 Sacramento st.
WIDOWER wishes working housekeeper for
country; wages $10: good home for right
¦ party; age 35 to 40. Call United States HolU,
123 Eddy 6t., from 10 to 2.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for housework
In a small family In Alameda; good home;
wages $10 month. Address box 2331. Call.
WOMAN' to do washing. Inquire Enterprise
Hotel. Sixteenth and Folsom sts., bet." 7 and
7:30 p. m.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework: $15 a month. E61A Natoma st..
between Sixth and Seventh.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS * CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32V4 Fremont.
WANTED — Girl for housework and. cooking;
$15'month. 1117 Van Ness ave,
WANTED— Apprentice girls at 126 Russ.'
A GIRL to help with light housework and
- baby. 1048 Golden Gate ave. -
GERMAN girl ' for general ¦ housework In a
bakery. 248 Oak St.: , >
WANTED — Lady for outdoor work; state quali-
fications and wages. Box 2319, Call office:
GIRL to assist In light housework; wages $10.
2126: Bush St.;.;-. ... -, /. ' '
STRONG, young-girl; light "housework: 2 In
family; no washing. ' 1032 Ellis st.
FINE) pants finisher wanted Immediately; good
wages. 253% Stevenson st. ¦
GOOD talloress wanted on coats at 81t Ellis st.
GOOD finisher . wanted; ¦ steady ' Job - all year
round on custom coats. 36 Geary st., room 44.
MIDDLE-AGED lady; light work; small wages.
840 Howard st. '
FIRST-CLASS waist maker wanted at 1423
¦ Polk;st. ;-..,-*- . ¦• ¦ -.-.¦ .:••%, ¦.-,.-, -r. *.. .
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. 347 Bart-
lett St., bet., Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth.
WANTED — Dressmaker at once. 309 Gough st.
APPRENTICE -: for 'hairdresslng , parlor; . paid
, while learning. ;.» Box ; 2336,' Call; office. ;
WANTED— Girl about 14, to help with baby.
Call 1J17 Mission st.
HELP WAJfTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS WANTED
Jo work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
6TRAUSS & CO., SSH Fremont St.; elevator.
GIRL for shooting gallery. Call _ m.. 424 Du-
pont st. •
G I5 L t0 - S8l st In general housework. Call at
3320 Twenty-second st.. near Valencia.
DRESS skirt operators wanted. KItAKER. 224
Bush st.
WANTED— Young German girl for light house-
work. Apply 1425 Webster St.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
1 Market st.. room 36.
WANTED— Apprentice' on custom coats: paid
while learning. 410 Kearny st.. room 27.
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework and
take care of baby; good home. 1632 McAllister.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 925 Geary St.
LA . r L T wanted for companion and -assist* In
light housework; good home; fair pay for
right party. Call after 13 noon, 116 Tay-
A— COMPETENT, pleasant woman for house-
work and cooking; small American family on
ranch; fare paid; $20; see lady 1533 Valencia
St.. between 2 and 4 to-day.
WANTED— Girls and young women; light work
in laundry. Apply 1519 Eddy St.. bet. » and ML
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted. $04
Tehama st.
GIRL to work In laundry and tend office;
wages $4 week. Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes.
W i36 N EUl D ~ A K0Od HVely 80llclt0r; bl * mon °J r -
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8ft Antonio St..
between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla st.
HELP v WANTED— MALE. 1
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Wanted— fOO men -for railroad work, team-
sters, rockmen, laborers and men to build
fences, $2 a day, free fare.
80 rock laborers for railroad company work,
$2 a day, board $4 EO a week, free fare.
Wanted— For sawmills and woods 50 woods-
men-, $40 and board? 20 yardmen. $30 to $35
and board; 60 laborers for a railroad In the
woods, $1 a day and board, see boss here
30 woodsmen and laborers for the woods and
sawmill, see boss here, fares advanced
20 miners, $2 50 a day; 10 muckers, $2 a day:
2 blacksmiths to sharpen Burlelgh drills, $3 50
a day; 20 quarry and rock men, $2 25 a day;
30 farmers. $20, $25 and $30; 10 milkers. $25
to $30; 20 laborers and teamsters, city, $1 75
a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $75: second cook, country hotel,
$50; brollersv $53 and $60; vegetable cook,
hotel, $10; German cook, country hotel, $45; i
cook, hotel, $.45; 20 dishwashers and kitchen*
hands, $20, $25 and $30.
¦ Washer for laundry, $50; elevator boys, city,
$12. $15 and $20: bellboys, $10, $12 and $15; 10
waiters, $25. $30, '$35 and $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY.... MAIN 6848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Circular sawyer for mill company
$75 and found
screw tenderVor ratchet man, sawmill
.' $52 and found
4 bollermakers, $3 60 day; cooper, $2 75 day;
blacksmiths for camps, shops and ranches,
$60. $40 and $2 50 day: also helpers, $30 and
found
FREE, FARE
We ship you to-day S. P. R. R. WORK
25 teamsters •>•>*} day
23 laborers $1 7a day
WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
sawmills and woods of a Itiree lumber com-
pany CO laborers, no experience required. 126
to $40 and found; also loggers. $40 and found;
cross cutters, Jack screwers, etc.; 150 tlemak-
ers and woodchoppers, big prices, tools and
provisions furnished
FARE PAID SEE BOSS HERE TO-DAY
20 laborers to hand and pile lumber for the
mills and yards of a large company. $35 and
found
To go to-day 10 laborers to handle
and truck grain. $2 50 day Fare paid
r...TO THE GOLD AND SILVER MINES....
8 more miners, single-hand work $75
15 laborers, no experience required. .$€0 and fd
25 muckers J75 and $60
100 laborers for city and all parts of Califor-
nia. $1 75 and $2 to $2 50 day
50 teamsters, city and country, $1 25 and $2 day
FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
2 teamsters, same orchard $30 and found
stableman 130 and found
cheese makers, see boss here, $35 and found:
6 farmers and choremen and wives, $35 and $40
and found; 120 farm, orchard and vineyard
' hands. $25 to $35 and found; milkers and but-
ter-makers: choremen and boys; gardeners.
$30 and $25 and found; haymakers, $1 25 and
» B0 SPFCTAlT"" '
• •••••••••¦•¦¦¦••¦*¦ D* <T-V» Art i-» MXMMIIIII
Butcher for ranch, $30 and found
working foreman for lumber yard; working
foreman for ranch, see boss here. For other
positions ccme down and read bill boards and
secure latest lists. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A— BAKER, country shop: third cook for the
mines. $35 and found; elevator boys, etc
18 cooks, hotels, restaurants, boardlng-house»,
ranches, etc., $25 to $50 and found; mess boy,
$15 and found; waiters, hotels, restaurants
and cafes, $25, $30, $33 and $S to $9 week; iron-
ers, country laundries, $25 and $33 and found;
camp waiters and dishwushers. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st. •
BOOTBLACK for country, $3 to $10 week; 6
blacksmiths, S2 £0, $3 and $4; blacksmith
helper, carriage work, $2 B0 day; 3 milk
wagon drivers, $25 and found and $45; stable-
man; machinist, for country, *3 day; iron
molder. $3 day: 8 single-hand miners. $2 50
day; 3 mucker*. $2; carmen; 3 laborers for
mines, $2 day; and others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, C28 Sacramento st.
3 MEN and wives, $40 and $30; farmers, $30
and Jl 35 day; teamsters, $1.75 and $30 and
found; 10 milkers, $30 and $35; 50 laborers
for mill and woods,' $2 day and $40 and found;
woodchoppers and many others. J. F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, $10 week and. room: lunch
cook, $8; boarding-house cooks;. $40, $35; man
and wife, cooks, $50: waiters for camp. $25;
dishwasher, camp, $25; porters, pantryman,
bell boy, bakers, elevator boy, other restau-
rant and hotel help. J. F. CROSETT. 628
Sacramento st.
•\VANTED — Gardener for nice farm near city..
$25 and found
Cook for ranch for city, see boss here $25
1 milker, near city, $30, free fare; 1 milker,
20 cows. $20; 2 milkers, country, $30 and $23.
3 haying hands. $1 25 a day. fare 50c; 2 hay-
Ing hands. $1 25 a day, fare 70c; 2 haying
hands. Sonoma County. $1 25 a day; 2 haying
hands, near city. $1 25 a day; 2 haying hands,
$125 a day; free fare; fanner, steady place,
$30; farmer and milk 20 cows. $32 DO.
FOR MILLS AND WOODS.
40 woodsmen. $40 t<- $60 and board; 30 yard
men. $30 and $35 and board; 50 laborers. $1 a
day and board: see boss here; half fare paid.
5 bark peelers, $175 a cord; woodehopper,
oak, 87 l ,4c a tier; young man to learn baking,
$20 and found: 2 waiters, country. $25 and $30
and room; 2 elevator boys, city, $12 and found.
W. D^ EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
3 DISHWASHERS; 2 pantrymen.
1 BOY; 17 years; for bookkeeping. v'«-7'.
2 BOYS to learn trade; $3.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. 927 Market, r. 202.
WANTED— Man and wife; short distance; $10.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
'WANTED— Steady man who understands horses
and driving: $20 per month, and found; short
distance In country. Inquire northeast corner
of Market and Mason sPs., basement.
WANTED— An experienced salesman for retail
crockery business; good position to right
I party; give age and references. Box 2324. Call.
WANTED — Salesman for. retail grocery; no
liquors sold; good position: give reference and
experience. Box 2323, Call.
WANTED— A young man to wash dishes and do
porter work ; In- small restaurant. 1440 Ken-
tucky -t. "
BARBER wanted steady at 605 Mission st.
GOOD steady barber wanted, understand Ital-
lan. Box 2332. Call. ¦ --> .
EXPERIENCED dishwasher. 608 Howard St..
near First.
WANTED— Office boy; wages $3 per week; give
age and references. Box 2325, Call.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply 8 to 9 a. m., 126
Kearny st.. room 1. .;- ¦
! WANTED — Steady, young, handy man for cof-
fee and lunch house. 32 Sixth st.
YOUNG man to carry route on this paper. Ap-
. ply between 12 and 1:30, 5 and 7, 13ft Bernard.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 1780 Seventh st.
vWest Oakland. * .'
WANTED— Grocery clerk of experience; Ger-
man. .200 Second st.
BOATBUILDER to build 16-ft. open boat on
Sundays or spare time. Box 2315, Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged,* half
; price. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A good young barber at 1759 Union.
WANTED— Steady barber. t 20H Seventh st.' .
WANTEI>-A dishwasher at 1125 Stockton st.
BtTSIX— SS CHANCES CONTINUED.
LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN.
Saloon and boarding house; SS rooms; rent
$40; good location; profitable business; owner
retiring cause of sale. M. A. BROOKS. 1J
Golden Gate ave^/ -
OH. WHAT AN' OPPORTUNITY!
Corner grocery, bar, bakery and 5 living ma.,
well furnished: also adjoining neatly fur-
nished fc-room house; all rented to respectable
and permanent occtyiants; good location; do-
ing a rushing business; everything almost
new; a great snap; sickness compels owner to
leave the city; will sell cheap for ready
money. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
pYSTKR and chop houi-e. Including everything
' pertaining to the business; well patronized by
a gocd class of people; will be sold at half Its
value. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
$:r.&— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing busi- |
noF*. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777te Market st. j
$2y> — WOOD, coal, hay and grain business;
other business cause of sale. McLAUGH-
L1N & CO.. 777V4 Market^ .
A— r^O— PARTNER wanted; must be steady,
reliable man. satisfied with $18 to $20 a week;
no nleht or Sunday work; trial given before
buylr.s. Apply 9 Geary St.. room 2.
A— $300— PARTNER wanted In good paying
business: $1S to $25 a week; no experience re-
quired; trial eiven. 1009 Kearny St.; hours
3 to u r>. m.
A— J2C00; CAFE and restaurant on Market St..
doing a large and profitable business; no bet-
ter location; only first-class trade; 5 years'
lease; a rare chance. Address box 4549. Call.
A— $3000- CAFE and restaurant on Market St.,
doing a large and profitable business; no bet-
ter location; only first-class trade; 5 years'
lease; a rare chance. Address box 4549. Call.
ICE made la every home at comparatively no
expenre; to secure means to obtain foreign
patents the process for the Pacific Coast will
be eold for $710 cash. Address "Chemist,"
box I31S, Call office^
FIRPT-CLAES saloon for sale immediately;
owner going north: paying well; Al location;
$2500; no agents. Box 2322. Call office.
A RESTAURANT: suitable for man and wife;
good location. 239 Eighth St.
$150— SMALL coffee and chop house; bargain.
141 E-et st. North. ¦
FOR SALE— As I leave shortly for the mines, I
wish to dispose of my well-established, paying
loan office ;a chance to secure the beet Invest-
ment of its kind ever ofTered in this city; cap-
ital required. $3000 to $4000; fullest Investiga-
tion solicited. Mint Loan Office. 14 Fifth st.
AT a sacrifice, on account of departure for Eu-
rope, largest and best paying candy «route in
city. Full particulars at ROTHSCHILD &
EHRKXrFORT'S, IIS Front et.
HORSESHOEING business; steady - trade;
chance for right party; retiring from business.
P.. 1S41 Mission st.
RESTAURANT for sale; going East. Inquire
• 135 East st.
PARTNER, $1100, for half Interest in profitable
business; must possess business ability; actual
experience not necessary. Box 2345, Call.
jSOO— GROCERY and 'bar. suitable for man and
wife: good location: reason for selling, party
going East. Apply 1034 Howard st.
FURNISHED restaurant to rent. Inquire 123
Eddy st.
jH'iO— GROCERY and bar; lease S years and 7
months; rent $40; good paying place; corner
Geary and Leavenworth stfu
GROCERY ami saloon; good location; good
stock and fixtures; at a bargain. 219 Natoma.
FOR SALE— Salcon: old-established place; rent
$20. SCULLY & SON. 420 Sacramento st.
WELL paying branch bakery, living rooms, for
pale cheap account of leaving city. Call SOU
Sixteenth gt.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing shop; estab-
lished 15 vears; central location. ~ Address
box 2139. Call.
FOR eale— The Central Hotel In Naoa. con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa, Cal.
PLUMBING Bhcp. stock and shop tools; In
good location. Bex 4o82, Call.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper Ehop: also steel range; doing good
business; established 14 years. 411H Califor-
nia f-t.. gOCBEKB ROBINET.
j DRUG ftore for rale or exchange for San Fran-
I citco property; a well-stocked, modern, payir.g
drug store in a pood mining town; csih trade.
Call st 730 O'Farrell «t.. city.
GOOD bakery for sale in country town. Box
2772. Call office. Oakland.
$700— HOME bakery and restaurant; particular-
ly suited for baker with family; all store
trade; fine location. KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary.
JT,'.0^STORAGE and draylng business; large
barn; 3 fine horses and harness; everything
complete; businers en paying basis. KREDO
& CO., SO Geary st
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-'
lencla bt. '
LOIJGl.MJ-HOl'Sr.S FOR SAL—.
iTroomIFotse
BEST TRANSIENT TRADE
2 ENTRANCES
BEST CORNER IN THE CITY
FORTUNES HAVE BEEN MADE
IN THIS HOUSE
OWNER GOING TO NOME
PRICE $1CW. FOR RALE ONLY
By H. C. DECKER
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH
I 34-ROOM GRAND CORNER HOUSE
I .PERMAN'T AND TRANSIENT ROOMERS.
Owner will Fell on easy payments
at a eran<i bargain. DECKER, 1C2Q Market.
10 ROOMS; on Jones: clears $S5 $400
I 10 rooms: fine corner: on Mission 430
I 10-room house; new furniture 200
12- room hoHse; on Post st iOO
IS rooms; on one floor: near Call office — W»0
27 room?; on Howard st: only $300 cash... 400
10 room?: on Mason st.: payments 450 |
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market, nr. Call bid?.
Any street. Jones, Ellis. Mason, Turk, Sutter.
Van Ness. Taylor. Howard, etc., 10 rooms. $225
up; 12 to 14 rooms. $3'X> to $*00: Income $S4 to
$130: $550 17 r. dears $.'4; $1500. 24 r.. clears
$fO; 35 r., F.'FO, tl3i<?. $i800. all coining money:
i 40. 43. 44, 46, 43, uO, 63, li, CO and C5 r. ; ask
for them.
A— $500 J-M
IT. ROOMS
MUST SELL TO-DAY.
, "VYINSTOX & CO.. 1026 Market Bt.
$12M)_3S TtOOMS, all rented ; gx>d location, near
Market; cent.; rent 175 month. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
\ " CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagon?, busies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 5117 Mission at.
NEW A Id-har.d wagons, buggies, carts & har-
: ner«. tvr.rk &• driving horses, l'.th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
1 A TEST meeting this evening. Occidental Hall,
! 3C5 Larkin st.: Mrs. Griffin, Shriner and Rob-
! j lnaon; convincing test to all; 10c.
: ' S35 MCALLISTER; all teFts to-night: flowers &
• letters read, 10c, by Mrs. C. J. Meyer & others.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's test circle to- night
at S; We; readings daily. 6 Hyde st.
i EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis St.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenlDgs at 8 o'clock.
• MRS. LESTER BAILEY— Circle this evening;
t 10c; re-adinrs dally. 1204 Fillmore Bt.
f GO to WATSON, the luckient and truest occult
medium and palmldt; 25c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
'• MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; 9 A Sixth st.;
I few days only; cut this out. -,
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatments. 1206 Market Bt.. rooms 15-16.
' MRS J.J.WHITNET.dairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
' MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket bet. 10th and 11th: dr. Mon.. 8 p. m. .
' ¦ ' '
CLAmVOYAJVTS.
i MRS. DR. CLARK.
J THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
. PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery:
she will chow you how to overcome your ene-
i mles, remove family troubles, restore lost af-
S fectlons. unite the separated, recover lost or
i stolen property: locates minerals: tells your
entire life while in a perfect trance; satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mall.
; Bend stamp for circular, with special terms.
1 MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk St.. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
- MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
r future: never falls; has the greatest Eeptlan
I secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
1 fee "Zc and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
: Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
• MADAM DENNY, clairvoyant and card reader;
) 2Sc and COc. 712 Bryant el. ; no sign.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St., original gypsy
j life — -der; readings 25c; no sign.
• CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 823
k Mission, nr. Fourth, room 3; 25c up; ring bell.
• LIFE readings with cards. 26c and COc; patm-
! istry $1. li>2 Market, r. tl. opp. O. F.'s bldg.
- MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
1 r*afler;Gerro an Fpokrn. 921H Mission. op.Mlnt.
. MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 212*4 Sixth st. _¦ ¦ ¦
- MME RAVENNA reads life .fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st. .
t MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NOME.
TO Cape Nome for $90 by 400O-ton steel steamer
sailing May 26 from S. F. C. F. MOORE, 985
Market st.. room 6, Agent.
CLAIM 11 on Buster Creek, near Cooper &
Lane's claim: size *24 by 600: title perfect.
Apply to CAPTAIN NELSON, room 82. Grand
Hotel. ¦ ' ''
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO.. 621 Montgomery.
CARPET BEAT1.VC AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 3:3-337 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722-Mission St..
tel. South 535— Packing, moving and storage.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-341 McAllister st. ; phone South 14G.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vat'lng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74. .
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, m— .. 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'413 Stevenson St.: tel. South 223: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard;_lald at 4c.
STP.ATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI.COM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate eve.; telephone East 126.
. COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET. '.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 6 rooms, basement:
yard; stable; also corner bay-window nat, 7
rooms, bath. 1876 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear: also 4-room
flat, bath. $18. Apply 2524 California st.
DENTISTS. -^
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $..5; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, fcOc; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor 4th. rm . 7, Flood bldgr., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free. $150 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR, GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by h!s won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction, 60c; g*s given.
New^York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are-
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gaa given.
IDEAL pold filling Inserted for 7Jc. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy et
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, oor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Palnlees": evenlng3 and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1S41 Polk et.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C paces, cent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
poyta.ee paid. _________
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hjsplt.U,
510 Gclden Gate ave.: a special ward rcjtrved
for contagious diseases. Telephone EaX 2S7,
DR. BUZARDS Doe Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $150; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Weat 63C.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
THE Livingston Co. of N. Y. Dressmaking
School. Mme. Rembert. manager. 630 8utter
Bt. — Every detail of tho art taught pupils In
separate lessons; time not limited; terms rea-
sonable; tailor gowns, dinner, reception and
evening dresses made; patterns cut to measure;
fit grntd; any design copied at Bhort notice.
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladies' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter st., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dre.xsmaking, 387 Geary st ; dresses
I made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connorfc Mottatt
EDI' C ATIO SAL.
A— OALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott buildlnc: x Gallarher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, lameuaBes. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES', the leading buMness college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand. - tpy Ing; life
scholarship. $.V>: day and evening: catalogue.
ALL students but two taking? full course this
year erot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkln st:
the coming school; thorough: up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve. ; 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, $33 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail: ac-
knowledRed by official rep'irter* "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 3>2 Montgmy.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Sinz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI,
IOCS Mission: annual concert May 16, 421 Post.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^JAPANESE-CIIINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office: established over five years.
421 Post st; telephone Bush 135.
OIIPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
SAM KEE. E13 Bush— Best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly; telephone Bush 194.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help Turn. ; tel. John 212L 806% Stockton,
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Pest help. 411H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
best city references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. .
COMPETENT woman with a child desires slt-
uatlon; good cook and houseworker; ! refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
LADY wishes position to assist with light
housework, etc.; must be treated as one of
the family; $2 a week. Box 2316, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sition as working housekeeper. Call at 1414
Lyon st., near Sutter.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place to do up-
eteirs work and cooking. 2928 Washington
street.
AN elderly woman wants situation at light
housework: is good cook, clean and neat.
1231 Market Bt.
WANTED— Position as working or managing
housekeeper or cook; wages not less than $25.
Box 2110. Call office. ¦ ',
YOUNG girl to do general housework In small
family; wages-, $20. Call ' Swedish Baptist
Church. 22G Tentn>st.
WOMAN wants a situation as a working house-
keeper or lady's 'nurse. Call at £23 Howard.
YOUNG Swedish lady wants a situation as
working housekeeper.' 420 Tenth st.
LADIES' and gentlemen's repairing and mend-
Ing, Including ladies' dresses; shirt waists
made to order. Call 620 Stockton st.
LADY wants position to go to Cape Nome; any
kind of work. Box 2173, Call office.
LADY wants plain sewing to do at home. ISO
Fourth st., room 4. : ,
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: good reference. 608 Franklin st. •
WINCHESTER Houm. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $$
week, convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH of_c» for Call advertisements and'
subscriptions has been established at 1091 Va-
lencia ,t- " < !^__|£_S^P-^_&_3_S!&
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
SHOEMAKER for /Custom repairing; steady
work; call between U and 3 o'clock. 562 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— A good waiter at tha Golden West
Hotel. 68-76 Ellis st.
PAINTER wanted; stage hand. Apply at 223
Fulton st., 7:30 a. m.
YOUNG German as porter for saloon; 8:30 a. m.
to 3 p. m.; $8 per week. 414 Sansome st.
WANTED— Third hand bread baker; day Job.
33S Third st.
WANTED— 2 lunch waiters; restaurant. 2S First
street.
WANTED— Errand boy. 117 Russ st.
CARRIAGE painters at O'BRIEN & SON'S,
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS coat operator at once. HENRY
HILP, 106 Battery st. :
GOOD waiter and dishwasher wanted at 432 •
Fifth st. !
WAITER— Call early. Pennsylvania Hotel. 228 •
Michigan St.. Potrero. near Union Iron Works.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker; no other need ap-
ply: $20 month and found. 8S9 Howard st.
BOY for cleaning up In Jewelry store; must ¦
give reference. 103 Sixth st.
PAINTER wanted at 1S5 Seventh st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un- !
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet '
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per- .
sons who have legally declared their Inten- ;
tlons to become citizens: able to read, write
and epeak English properly. For further In- .
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting "
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cat., or
520 K St., Sacramento. Cal. •
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening -
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MO LEU'S BARBER. COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. '
WANTED— Young man to work at carpentry: ,
one with some experience preferred; state
wages wanted: also experience. Box 2348.
Call office.
QORDON oressboy: one who can make ready; ,
srtite wages expected and experience. Ad-
dress box 2340. Call. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still •
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and M sts.
BOYS wanted. Apply at glass works. Seventh
and To— nsend sts.
STEADY, busnellnff man. Room 100L Palace-
Hotel. •
WANTED— Smart collector and canvasser: In-
dustrial Insurance. R. RALPH, room S, 406
Montgomery st.
BUTCHER wanted. Inquire 344 Thirteenth St.. .
San Francisco.
WANTED — Good steady waiter for evenlncs .
and Sundays. Ill Larkln st. ;
A GOOD coatmaker wanted at (30 Kearny St., .
room 1; good wages.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money. .
136 Ellis st ,
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdresslng at S. .
F. Barber School, 741A Howard st. (
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands; '
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 2* Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. V? CAMPBELL, lawyerfli •
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
W INCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- '
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
1 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencla st
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc Cor Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bugr&les,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL, vet. dent., 605 Golden Gate av.
! J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market St.; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
IIOUSKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; latest Improve-
ments; marine view; also corner house of 6
rooms and bath. 2327-2333 Leavenworth st.
HOUSE 5 rooms and bath; rent $11. Laurel
ave. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
LEAVENWORTH. 506. near O* Farrell— 2-story
house. & rooms, alcove and bath; In good
order: key at grocery. Apply to C. S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Arents, 630 Market st.
PIERCE, E. side, bet. California and Sacra-
mento— 2-story bay-window, 6 rooms and bath;
neat house: nice neighborhood. Apply to C.
S. CAFP _ CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630
Market st.
LAGUNA, 1715-1717-8 rooms each and bath.
modern, sunny: convenient: rent reduced.
LARKSPUR K E AL ESTATE.
CAMP ground to rent at Larkspur up the can-
yon. Apply to C. A. HOLM.
LOST AND KOl'.VD.
$50 WILL be paid for the return of watch.
No. 41,162; positively no questions asked. Ad-
dress BROWN, box 2321, Call office.
LOST — A yellow Scotch collie dog named Rex.
Return to 2530 Pine st. and receive reward.
LOST— Black Newfoundland dog, with white
feet and breast; license 3145. Return to 1S41
Lombard st. : liberal reward.
LOST — Purse containing $23 or $30 and diamond
ring; city, ferry or Oakland. Finder return to
DR. JEFFERY, 502 Clement: liberal reward.
LOST— Collector's book and leases. Return to
3 Taylor st. and get reward.
FOUND — A bicycle near Schuetzen Park, Sun-
day. 13th. Particulars inquire at 3SS Eureka.
FOUND— Person who lost purse on Army st.
leave address at Call office.
WHITE spltx dog answering to name "Bob-
bie": when last seen wore license tag 280 at-
tached to collar. Liberal reward If returned
to 1716 California st.
LOST— Between Fol?om »t. and Union Iron
Works, silver English lever watch; name and
flag inside. Return to 533 Shotwell st.; J. M.
REID; reward.
1101 MARKET — Lost Sunday evening, necktie
pin «et in pearls. Please return to above
number and receive reward.
LOST — Brown water spaniel; liberal reward.
1426C California st. "*
JU^DICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; »afe and
reliable cure $5: have treated thousands at
cases with success: 15 years" practice In S F •
maternity home; low fees. 1007% Market st.'
DR. O W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac- '
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
caees successfully: treatment can be used at
N S ; M C a°r n ke U t U s" On *"** Wr>te ° r ca " at
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
«h :, U , : an , y T ? llmen t: consultation free; con-
Bdentlai. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market; ladles' spe^
clallst; treatment at office. $5; consultation
free; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 237.
DR h-.T". FRA N K - ladles' physician: call on
physician with man's knowledge. 1019 Lajuna.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. .12JS Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat»
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; terms
reasonable. 82g Castro st.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist-Treat-
, ment at office. $5; consultation free. 1123 '
t Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dls- ;
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sanl-
tarlum,704 Sacrareento.cor.Kearny:advlcefree.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
- ble. 2012 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
T.' S — DR.- WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists. .
1118 Market st.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. RCHWARTING, midwife; private home
In confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home .
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. v herb doctor, treats all dls- .
eases the human body. . 113 Mason st.
MEDICATED OATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, ecxema
and all nervous troubles; ladies' department
removed to "The BHlevue." Van Ness ave.,
opp. , St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address tor booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.LATE SHTPPINQ INTELLIGENCE.
Tuesday. May 15.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 66 hours from San
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, « days from Co
ouHle River. •
ARRIVED.
BAILED.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Tuesday. May 15.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 15— Stmr Signal,
from Astoria. .
TACOMA — Arrived May U— Schr Marion,
from San Pedro. - -
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Faulk. Chicago I Miss E Musto, Stktn
L M Hancock, Nev IMlss L Musto, Stktn
,E Malley, Cal W K Cole & w, Cal
P H Malley, Cal C H Poole. Boston
W J Starkey. Cal C G Bonner. Fresno
I Llnter. Cal J B Bonner. Fresno
W L Norrts, S Mateo H M Clalr Jr. Phlla
P C Black. Orland A McNeil, Phlla
J Collins. Courtland Ml.«s E McNeil, Cal
A A de LIgne. Sacto L R Poundstone. Cal
E F Green. Cal J H Williams & w.Cal
H Smith. St Louis " \T 1. Relta. Ill
Dr A Ekern. N D. R J Hadson. Hanford
O Graurend. N D !Mrs G W Root. Cal
F C Smith, Portland Miss Shackelford. Cal
L J Wetzel. Yreka Mrs T F Baldwin. Cal
A Leiter. Shasta Co J L Herdeman. Porterv
A M Austin. L Ang W L Craggs. Salinas
Miss M McConochie. Mrs J J Thompson.
Los Angeles | Salinas
C E Sherwood. N T jMrs F B Day, Salinas
S A Duchessa.Cambrla L R Faucher, Merced
C Van Valkenberg, NV,E D Alvord. Conn
L Petus & w, Detroit Mrs W Bell. Westvllla
Mrs H Ryan. S Jose G E Kennedy. Cal
A Reigg. Los Ang F Glanninl, Reedley
J A Hughes, Bakersfld R A Gould. Vallejo
C Hagen. N Mex |M H Peck. Vallejo
O H Van Cleve, N MeXjC Hoffman, Sta Cruz
Dr S Searles & w.Mlnn Mrs W English. S Cruz
F T Holt. NT N C Rosedale. Pac Gr
A Dlxon. Mich J O Derr. Stockton
P Musto, Stockton F W Rothenbush.Stktn
PALACE HOTEL.
Mr & Mrs W Hln?haw r. A Smith. .Los Anghr
Cal E L Doheny. Los Arc
R B Canfleld. S Barb Dr H Smith. Los Ans
H H Stout. U S A II O Ney-. San Dlfgo
Mrs L A Craig & ch.JK M MM*. CuicaEt,
USA | Ft L ltunham, Los Ans
Mrs Boston, Liverpool Tohn Sing>tn». Los An
MI*s Hare, Liverpool 1 J Burdette & w. Fu*
A •" R-lnsrhain. Mrysvl adena
E H Clar. Ohio T K De.jmonJ. Los Ang
Dr J S Payne Jr. USN W (? ilmon ft: w. Ill
A Auglnbaugh. Pitt's J Coates, Cai-a-Ja
J Brunton, Stanford VSeur^t. Urussfls
3 Phillip*. Stockton V Seuret. Brussels .
Mrs J Phllllpw. Stocktn «} D Kill* U »/, N T
R Koechler & w. Or Inhn W Mitchell Xe vr.
C Behr. London j Loe Ans«-i.?s
L Spencer & w. Seattle Tohn H^Jxe, IV lit ware
J A Harding & w. NeviC F »''n--ir, K I
Miss Harding. Nev JR L Ke.:-i. 1: 1
Mrs D S Thomas. Mass H V Lei!> & v. Ft. J^ s»
A H Cushman. Mass |Or H I- P"-* .«i W. Oil
C F Adams Portland ' E F Earl. Los Angles
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R P "Little, Ohio C H Crimminn. Sacto
A Turner, San Jose H P Buell. Willows
H M Feddernen.Hywds P Petersen. Colo •
E Bussard, NT A "Webster. Colo
H Wulff * w, B Island J L Andrews. N T
J D Martin & w, Minn P Morton, Stockton
B J Schell. Kan City / D Maxwell Merced
J Redmond. Wyo R Smith, Los Angeles
G N Schoonmaker, O ¦
Johnson's Poor Memory.
Martin Johnson, the returned Klondlker.
who fired three shots at his wife at 1405
Montgomery street Monday night because
she has sued him for divorce, appeared In
Judge Fritz's court yesterday to answer
a charge of assault to murder. He was
arraigned and the case was continued till
May 23. Johnson now says that he was
drunk and does not remember shooting
at his wife. He considers his arrest an
outrage. Mrs. Johnson, who was injured
by Jumping through a window to escape
the bullets, was sufficiently recovered
yesterday to be sent home from the Re
ceiving Hospital.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
"William R., Mae S.. Henry D. and Clara
P. Morton to *ame, lot on NW corner of Tay
lor and Ellis streets, N 137:6 by W 137:6, quit
claim deed; $10.
Florence L. Jones (Scott) and John J. Scott
to same, same, quitclaim deed: $10.
Cabel H. Maddox to Alexander "Warner, lot
on S line of Lombard street, 110:8H E of Van
Ness avenue. E 159 :SH. S 104:8. S\V 20:2, SW 75,
SW 87. N 15S; $10. tv.
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph
Hess, lot on NE corner of Page and Scott
streeis. E 81:3. N 100, E 23. N 25:0%. W 106:3.
S 125 0?4; also lot on E line of Scott street. 40
S of Oak, S 35 by E 81:3; .
Douglas S. Watson to Mai M. Watson, lot on
N line of Vallejo street. 137:6 W of Devisadero.
John G. and Minnie A. Fltzrerald to Mary
F Morton, lot on W line of Cole street, 125 S
of Beulah, 8 25 by W 134:8V»: $10.
Charles W. and Mary B. Moores to Emma
Hllp lot on E line cf Spruce street, 27:SU S of
Clay, S 23:2% by E 87:6: $10.
Maggie Rattlgan to Thomas J. Rattlgan. lot
on S line of Valley street. 125 E of Church. E
"Theresa McAllister Ingersoll (wife of Colin
M.) to M. Hall McAllister, undivided 4i-432 of
lot on NW corner of Clay and Drurara streets,
* George^W.. William J., Charles M. and Alice
M Wood and Emma H. Brown to Johann M.
and Jurzen Hartmann. lot on NW corner of
South Park and Second street. N>\ 4., faw »4,
NW 45 SW 24, SE 92. NE 98; $10.
Alice L and Elizabeth O, Staples to Jacob
Heyman. lot on S line of I street. 32:6 E of
Forty-seventh avenue. E 25 by R 100; *5O.
Margaret D. Hasgerty to Eliaabeth Burns
(Hagirerty). lot on NE line of Portland ave
nue 35 NW of Buena Vista. NW So by NL. 51:4.
lots 301 and 302, Cobb Tract; gift.
Thomas D. and Rose A. Riordan to Aenes
A. L. Bruce (wife of Morris MO. lot on NE
line of Masonic avenue (formerly Erpstein).
SO SE of Java street. SE 25 by NE 100. block
VT 'an a d Ct pdscnia S. Berlin to McCarthy
Company, lot 13. block 2. lots 15 afcd 44. block
14 lots 15 to 17 and 19, block 26. lots 4. o and
44 block : 28. lot 6. block 21. lots 29 to 31. block
t£ Lakeview: $10.
Alameda County.
George H. and Annette P. Barrett to Nellie
P and Frank F. Moulton, all interest in lot on
E' I'.r.e of Madison street. 30 N of Seventh. N
40 by E 100. block 126. Oakland; $10.
Mars' Davis to Nicola Rlzzo. lot on N line
of Railroad avenue, 125 W of Filbert street, W
25 by N 25:8. block K. Market-street Tract,
O La J l1a d T.! 10 Henry G. and Phljlp G. Allen (by
W Harlow. commissioner) to A. E. Lovett,
lot 1 " 1 to 17. excepting rear 15 feet off lots 1 to
5 block 82. Northern Addition to Brooklyn.
East Oakland: $1012.
George L. and Katie 1/. Fitz to B. R. Mc-
Clur* lot on N line of Sixty-third street (for
merly Felton). 201.88 E of San Pabto avenue,
B 40 by N 134. being lot 22. block 11. Herzog
Lot. Oakland: $10.
Charles E. Lyon Jto Wallace A. Lyon, lots 7
and b\ Werner Tract. Berkeley; $10.
George F. Lyon to John T. Mabey, lot on
NW corner of Berkeley way and Sacramento
street- N 206 ,W 266.5, S 206, E 250 to bedn
nlng, *eingr lots 1 to 5. 20 to 24, block 5, Shaw
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
M. W Haskell to Grace E. Mortimer, lot on
S line of Bancroft way, 250 W of Fulton street,
W 50 by S 130, being lot 11, block H, College
Homestead Tract. Berkeley (subject to a mort
gage for $750): $10. . ,,,.'.
Henry Z. Jones to Mary E. Boiler (wife of
William H.), lots 15 to 18, block 9, Allcndale
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. R. Palmer to Emily O. Russell, lots 19
and 20. block F, Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $5. _ _
George W. Mitchell and W. R. Smedben?
(trustees Felix and Delfira Marcuse) to Home
Mutual Building and Loan Association, 693 D.
3S3, lot on SW corner of Railroad avenue and
Bay street. W 100 by S 50. being the N 80 by S
50 being the N 50 feet of lots 72 and 73, map
of Enclnal Park Tract. Alameda (trustees
to Kate Gravatt. lot on N
line of Brow or Thirty-fourth street. 276:8 E
of San Pablo avenue, E 62, N 140:o, W 62. S
149-2V5 to beginning, being lot 10 and portion of
lot 11 Cotter Tract. Oakland: $10.
B Kelsey to Albert Nusbaumer. lot 64. taken
for" opening of East Twenty-first street from
W line of Twenty-third avenue to E line of
old town of 8an Antonio, Oakland (quitclaim
de Rosie krejlch. Mary and John Hudec to Bor
doll Battlsta, lots 10 and 11. block J, map of
Broadway Terrace. Oakland Township: $24a.
Jane Bambridge (Dwyer) to H. D. Irwtn,
lots 6. 7 nnd 8. map of Berkeley Park, Berke-
C Samuel Wakeham to Elizabeth A. Wolton
and Addle Holmberg. : lot 13 and alt lot 14. ex
cept the N 50 feet owned by W. D. Matthews,
on map of Villa lots adjacent to university
site on the.W. Berkeley; gift.
Elise Leonhard (wife of Fred U.) to H. D.
Irwln lot 1, block U, amended map of New
bury Tract. Berkeley: $10. _
Bartolomeo and Antonette Vallerga to same,
lot 2, block U, same; $10. _ _
H D and Carrie M. Irwin to • Georze K.
Holloway. lot on 8 line of Woolsey street. 104.93
W of Shattuck avenue. S 100 by W 120. belnsr
portions of lots 1 and 2, block U. amended
map same; $10. . "_
Helen M. Klnne to State Savings Bank, lot
Unblock 1. and lot 76, block. 4. map of Grove
street Line Tract. Berkeley: $10:-
Samuel Wakeham to Pauline Kremer. lot on
N line of Center street, 403 W of Shattuck ave
nue W 60 by N' 134.62, being lots 35 and a por
tion of lot 37, In block 1, In subdivision map of
N portion cf plat 68, Rancho V. and D. Peralta.
Berkeley; gift. > '•
Builders' Contracts.
George Schafer (owner) with W.F. Wilson
(contractor). Architects . Salfleld & Kohlberg—
Gas fitting, Plumbing and • sewers for two 3
«tory frame buildings (flats) on lot on SE cor
ner of Hyde and Eddy streets, S 87:6 by E 37:«:
- F : H Wulzen (owner) with William, Tegeler
(contractor), architect same— Carpenter and mil]
work, tiling, .mantels,' hardware, glazing and
tlnninK for a 3-story frame building (flats) on
lot on S line of Twenty-third street, 146:C E of
Fair Oaks. W 55, S 95:7Vi. E 44:2»i. N 96 :2u :
P ' J. McVeigh (owner) with P. F. Rellly
(contractor), architect Thomas J. Welsh— All
work for a frame cottaee with attic and base
ment on lots 6 and S. block 10. Sunnyslde: $2700.
' Leah. and Philip Meyer (owners) with W. L.
Holman Elevator Company (contractors). | ar
chitect M. J.' Lyon— 1 electric freight elevator
for bulldlns on S line of Clay street, between
Davis and Front;: $1200. • - . '¦."- ',¦'¦"¦
Max Abraham (owner) with A. H. .W ilhelm
(contractor), architect - C.~. A, Meussdorfter— AH
work " except ; plumbing, •* painting,- - electrical
work,' mantels, gas -fixtures and shades for al
terations ¦ and . additions : for ' a 2-story - frame
building " on lot on - SE corner ¦ of . Turk and
Broderlck streets. S 43:9 by E 100; $3008. ' •
The recent agitation against the many
delays In the erection of the Hall of Jus
tice building has born fruit. Represen
tatives from the North Central Improve
ment Association will appear before the
Supervisors' Building Committee, this
morning and urge upon that body the
early completion of the structure. The
association is composed of many influ
ential taxpayers who are Interested in the
welfare and advancement of the northern
section of the city. They fully realize the
pecuniary loss to which property owners
and storekeepers in the vicinity of the
Hall of Justice have been subjected and
they will endeavor to devise means
whereby the building may be immediately
occupied by the branches of the municipal
government for which it is intended.
Auditor Wells has expressed his Inten
tion to be present at the conference In
response to the following communication
received by him from the association:
"Will you kindly make an appointment
so that a committee from the North Cen
tral Improvement Association may con
fer with you regarding the status of the
Hall of Justice. The building is so near
completion that surely some arrange
ments can be made so as to prevent such
an extraordinary condition of affairs as
allowing a building in such a state of
completion to remain unoccupied and un
used to the detriment of the public busi
ness and to the continued loss of the
property owners in the vicinity."
"I am glad to see that the North Cen
tral Improvement Association has taken
an interest in this matter." said the Au
ditor yesterday. "The Hall of Justice
could be completed within a week's time
if the contractors so desired It. I believe
the only way out of the present difficulty
is for the Pacific Surety Company, the
bondsmen who have succeeded to the for
feited contract of Batemann Brothers, to
Hnish it and turn the building over to the
city. In this way the Batemanns will be
forced to show what they intend to do
regarding the liens amounting to some
$50,000 which have been filed against them
by firms who have furnished labor and
materials. Of the original construction
fund of J30O.00O I find that only about $1600
will remain after all claims against It are
satisfied. The equipment and furniture
fund of JS5.000 will probably be eaten up
also. I have stopped auditing any de
mands until the . question is properly
settled so as to avoid any litigation that
may result against the city."
Representatives of North Central Im
provement Association Will Con
fer With Auditor and Su
pervisors' Committee.
The Hall of Justice Delay
Arouses Taxpayers to
Take Action.
TO URGE EARLY
COMPLETION OF
THE STRUCTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 16, 1900. i —
13
MAKEIED.
K1STEMACHER-SCHX1L-May 14. 1900. Fred
Kl.«temacher and Alvenla ,Schnll.
SHANZER— LINDHEIMER— In this city. April
23, 1900, by the Rev. Dr. Voorsang-er, Joseph
Shanzer and Sarah Ltndhelmer. both of San
Francisco.
GREMATION.
SAN FRANCISCO., CALIFORNIA.
Odd; Fellows' Cemetery :k ssociation,
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
' If deceased was a member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having. a presiding officer and secre-
tary, . the • charge ; for 7 cremation, • a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service is 130.
The same for members of the family. : .
Telephone South 247,
McAVOY «fe CO!.
FUXERAL, DIRECTORS & EMBAL1IERS.
1!39 Market St.. between , 8th and- 9th/
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
i (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM ER8.
to Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80..
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sa usal I to perry.
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FHOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-IrtW, # 8:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
12:45, *l:43, 5:15. 4:15. •5:15. 6:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 1:00 and 11:35 p. m. ¦ -.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:0O. •9:09. 'IOiW. 11:00. U:»
a.' m.; 12:15. *l:30. J:30. »3:45, S:00. 1:00. 7:»
P. TO. * '
11:CO a. tn. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:35. HM. 7:50. 8:40. »1»:1J a.
m.: 12:30. .1:15. 2:15. *3:3O. 4:30. 5:30 j>- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, . Wedneadays
and Saturdays at *<:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15.*S:00. *1:S0. •11:00a. m.; »l2:«ft
m.'. 1:00. 2:13. •3:C0. 4:30. •3:45. «:43. 7:3». 10:20
p. ' m. - *
Trains marked <•) start from Pan Qutntin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN KRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS-5:53. 1:45. 1:00. S:i5. 10:W a.
m.: 12:35 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdajs at T:10 and 10:20 p. m. ,
8UXDAYS-«:S5. *UJS. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.i «:15.
1:20 2:80. »:45. 4:B5.-«:1&. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. . .
7:C0 a. m. week days— tazadero and way sta-
tions.
J:15 p. m. Saturdays— Caradero and way sta-~
tlons ' — ¦ - - ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - ¦- " '
6:15 p. tn. weekdays (Saturdays ezcepted)—
Point'Reyes and way stations. - ¦ .
1:00 a. m. Sunders— Casadero and way sta-
tions. ¦¦ ¦¦' ¦ • " ' • • '¦'• '
.12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes aad way
BATLROAP TRAVEL^
¦oiTiir.ni rAfiric «onr*.iT.
(PACIFIC SX«IKSt:>
Train* lenve nail nr« «!••<• «•» i»rrl»« at*
NAN »'i: AMI%4 «».
(Main Lint. Foot of Market Street)
mat* — From Mat 13. 1300. — *»rits
•T:OOa BenicU. Suliau, Elmir*. VaeaTlQ*.
Ruauey aad bteraniento *7i43>
•7x00* Shasta Eisrf.vi -I>»t:j Wi!H*na(for
. . Bartistt Strings), Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland. '. »7:«3»
¦7i3oi Martinez. S»nlt*iuon. Vallejo. N»p».
t:«ii»t< g»»ti.i.s»nr» Kuu ••iiar
•<*:O» a Dirii. Woodland. Kuights Lmdin;,
MujtSTiiie. Or..«ii!f •TttZr
•H:O»* Atlantic r'.xpreu-Ogdeti and Kait *ll>l3*
•>:»o« Kaii Joav, Lifermorr. »t«ekt»ii.
Ion*. 3*eramputi». Plaetrttile.
MifyniMe. fhicn. II— .1 Illutt *4>I»P
*H:3Oa OaktUl*, Chtaese (for Yosemfte).
Sunora. Carter* Mit.ip
•B:OO4 HuT>i»rl». Nilrtun.l Way Station*. M I :13 a
M»;3«a Lns Anrsles Express — Martinez.
Tr»cy. LiUuop. rttocktoo. MtrrerU
and Freono. # Oil3r
•!(::to \ Vallrjo. Martinez and Way Htattnua *6: «5r
•I»:OOa Tb« Orerlaml IJmked— Ogden, Den-
ter, Omaha. Chicago *3:19r
*1 1:09a Z>\Un. IJiermnie. Stockton, ftacra-
mr 11 to. M endoU. 1 1 ai if nr J. V i»»! i*.
rVrte.tiil* »41ilSr
• I 'i:nn v Haywards. Kites an. I Way Stations. *a>4»r
U:Q*tr Sitctaiumitn Citer .Steamer* t3:On«
•;t:o»r lUywara*, NHcs ami Way Stations. *»:{ ftr
•Itiiiir Miirtiu«T.. Hail ILunun, Val!ejo,
Napa. ('allatiign. Suit* I'osa *Vil3a
Minor IS.'iiicia. Vintcn. MactainatdO,
Wnuillaml. Kniklita l.andlug.
Mary«Tilli-. ni.Klllf •• '»: «"J»
•l.rtur Ni!e». San J.mm»»!i.J Stockton "TiLIP
•.vworiiin Owl Uaiitrtl-Tracy. Trosuo.
Itikenfl-l.!. .Saugtw tut SUiiU Car-
lura. !-<>s Ai<«-l«:J *9:I3a -
•SilOf Fr-jno Passenger— Mrrtlnrx. Lath-
ro;\ BtocktuD. Mercc.i. BerencU
(Raymond (or Vr.s»mi»r). Knnnu.. 'KilSr
*3s3OrXew hltini Express— IUk«nit>eM.
Hmita llarlitra. I.DS Angeles. l>-m-
Inr. Fl TM0. New Orleans »nd
Kast •i:43»
•5ia»r-n%i>i» K« Uiiiito— AtlHntlo Eipreaa
fi< Mo|m. m»I Itut *«>«»p
- ••:«•(> HaTwanla. Nile* and Hu Jo»» *7i<»*
1«:O»r V*lleji» '13:1,1,
•«iO"tir Or>ii?»l >Uil-(),leii. Chejence.
Uoiths, t'tilcazu *1 1:15a
*«:«Or Oriental Mail— Ujtlea. Detif et.
Oistbt. Cbieaco. *«:13r
t?i««p Vallp]«. r..rl Coata anit Way Sla-
tloo» !»:.•»••»»
•»iO5r Or«i;»ii aod California l".«i '••" M »c-
ritT.ienh., M.r)*fll!e i:».Mli> K .
r.tttiatirf. I'.ijjyt .-<.».ii..t an I V»%t 'Hint
CO4ST KIVINION (Nirimi Hang*).
(f<x»tnf M-rUet Strati. >
{7:1.1a Ssntii Cruz CxciirsiuTi for Santa
Cruz antl ftiadpd Way Stations !A:03r
, *SiI3a N*trark.C>utei<i;i«:.Miiri.luM.rr!tiiii.
UouIdarl'reek.SaiitaC'ftizand Wa*
Station* ••it»»
tatt-ir Kewark. CvntarTllie. Han .lose Sw
Almadon, Frlton, IbmMer Cre«k.
SauU Cfiiz an.l rdnelpal Way
Stations. M<»:TU
*l:l5r N«'.rirk, S»u Joss, I,oaCato« •«:."iit4
a«il3r GletiTTond. Feltoo, Hanta Cnii «Wi.iaa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
friaSlI rmCISCO— r«»t «f Hir<it .sueti(S':>!i —
•7:15 0;00 Il:00*.M. JIM '2:03 13:53
M:C3 15:C3 *l:fl8rji.
fttm tmUJID-fjet a'Broii«i»— -KOO S0O 10.00*. M.
ti:C3 '1:03 13 C3 ''T.Z3 >i;S3 -a^ar.M.
CO4ST III VISION ( l!r.M.Mi.in K e).
(TMr.l unil Toan'en.l SU.) _2Jv
t*il4»* Ocean Viow, South M»n Kr»uciwo.. t*<3*P
t7:O<»» S*n Jnse 1....I Wuy Suil. 1.1 (No-*
Almxlrt. WclnwUjlonll) *I:SS)T
f7:8»A Sun-lay Excursion f r San JoaflL
Santa Cruz, Pacific Gro*« ana
Priocipsl Way SUtions t a :3.1p
•»tOO« H«u ,li»«. Tre» rn...s. .s»nU «'ri«,
Taeilic <:¦..»•. !'«<¦. Itniilrs, Man
l.nis Ol.iKit,,. Hutf. Lotnpoc and
1'iiiieipml \V.|i m,iUim *4hl»»>
•l«i«o» Ban Jose ami Way Htatloua *»:3-?«
*IIi3»a »aii.Iua?,LciGatOS»iMt\Va>SU!.iuns *3:^<»r
1*: Mr. Sir. Matru. Uednrooil. Menlo Park.
Tain Alto. SinUCiuj. Man .)(,»»,
1 Tres Picos. Hanta (.'mi, Saliuas.
Monter«yan.l ra<rlfl« Urovr ll»::i<i»
fStSOr San Jose *n<l \T*j .St.li.n-. •*i.l«» 1 >
H<l3r StnJmiii.l Trinripat Way .Stations *'J:l."kA
f»:»»fSs3 Jnse, Los Gates »nd Trincijtl
Way .Stations ?»:?»!»?
M::»«»- 5«mi.!.,s« »i..I I'rncrnt! Way stations t*:3-i4
»a-:.1»rSan.J n s»»Ti.T « JT .Stations ?•:«o«
Jllft.tp San Jwm.l Way stations *7tai>r
A for Mnnin; " "¦ P fnr Artennmii. '
•Daily. trtn'-'lar <>»<-»nted. { Monday only.
I Sirnniay <>n!y.
« Satnrdar %rA «i!>->--- •¦ v.,..,t»» »nd MondsT
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot of Market 9V
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAKAEL.
WEEK DATS-7:». 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:*
IM. 5:10, «:W p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 o. m. Saturilays— Extra trips at 1:5*
and 11:30 D. m.
BVTNDATS— «:M. t:M. 11:00 a. m.: 1.30. 1:10.
i:0O. S:fO D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT3— «:10. 7:50. 1:10. U:10 a. E.; 12:45.
8:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and •:» d. m.
rUNDATS— S:10. S:t). 11:10 a. m.; 1:49. 1:40.
B:06. C:2S p. rn.
. Between Saa Francisco and Schuetzen Park
•»ma schedule aa above.
Leave j In Effect. I Arrive
Ean Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1300.1 Saa Franclsco>,
Week I Bun- 1 t I Sua- I Week
Day. I days. I Destination.! days. | D»ya-
7:30 am 8:«0 am Novato. 10:40 ara) s:4O ara
1:30 pra 9:33 am Petaluma. «:C5 pm|10:V< ara
t:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rcsa. 7:25 pmj t.Z) pra
Fulton.
1:30 am Wlndiior. 13:25 aa
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
l:S0pm §:C0«m Cloverdalc. 7:35 pm 8:20 prn
T:t0aml | Hopland I llO:r> am
»:I3 pm| S:00 ami and tTklah. | 7.K pra; «:?? pra
7:39 ami ;10:!i an
8:C0 am Gaernevllle. 7:33 ptnl
1:30 pm _• I *:23 Pa
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am! 8:40 aa
and I
1:13 pm B:00 pm Glen Kllen. C:85 pmj <:23 pm
7:33 aaot 8:C0atn| 110:4fl am[10:23 ara
1:30 ptnl 6:C0 pm| Sebwstopol. I 7:K pm| «:20 pa
! Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
I Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs : at Fulton
! for Altrurla: at LTtton for Lytton Sprln«ts: at
I O»yservttl« for SIulsjss Pr>rlces: at Cknrerdal»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Dtincan
Bprings. Highland Sprtn»rs. KfU*yvl!le. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlngs; at tJklah for Vichy Sprtns*. Raratoj?*
Pprlrns. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlnea. Upp*r Lak». Pomo. Potter Vall«r.
John Day's. Rirsrslde, Ll-rley's, Bucknell's.
Eanbedrln Heig-hts. Hullville, Orr"* Hot
Bvriagt. Mendoclno City, Fort Brags;. West-
port. Usal. W1I11U. Laytonrllle. Cunsmin%
B«U's SprlnaTS, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia,
' Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
ticket offices. CO Market st.. ChronW* b!tj«.
H. C. WHITING. R- X. RYAX.
• General . Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
To.CtilCACO
. This Is the quickest running and 33ost
¦-. luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Tbaix Leaves Sax Francisco:
£ P.fl. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
;. P.H In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Jt^aves San Francisco at S:3t
FVDDFQS P- m * w >th Palace ami Tourist
• riliiv cars for Kansas Cn j, St. Lonia,
DAILY •: Chicago and Easu
Local trains between Stockton, VALLf Y
j Fresno. Hanford, Vtsalta, Tnlare on Aft
and Bakersfield. KOAU
' SEE YOU IN Sao Fraccl3c» office. 623
1 "r CISCO SOOIM Market Street, Phone Main
rkULU SUUN 1531 . Oakland, 1118 Broad-
I way; Sacramen'.o, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 Wast
Santa Clara Street. • . ¦
MILL' VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April' 23. 1900. via SausaUto Ferry. Week
I days — Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. 1:»:
p. m. Sundays — Leave San Francisco. S a. rn..
9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m.. . 1:30 p. m.. 2:M
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st. San Franrtsco. Fare.
round trip from San Francisco. V «*¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(5-.">KIUP..Vl «iT- Estabtlabrd
la 11*34 tor the treatment of Prtvat*
Dtseaaes, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
disease "rearing 011 body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorenreswben -
others (aU. Try him. Charge* low
<'orf«ffnsr»nir«-f. CallorwrlM.
Or. J. jr. olBBO.v, Bex lt>37.3aa Iftaaciaeat ¦'
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
ROOMS TO . LET— Fnrn. | and I'nfnrn,
FOLSOM. 3K, cor. 6th— <The oiiver)-Newiy
furn. sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl..
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
GEARY. €G0— Newly furnished room for gent;
JW month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission st.-Select
family rooming house; $1 50 to $3 per week.
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms: hath; all conveniences;
homelike: $1 week up. ..
HOLLAND House, 420 Sixth st.— Nicely fur-
nished rooms from Jl to 12 per week.
HOTEL Francisco— Elecant suites: single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
JESSIE. 4fio— Large sunny furnished room In
private family; rent )&.
MINNA. €67. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window rcom. II per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 2ft-Sunny furnished, rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. roo.
PLEASANT room, with use of kitchen and
parlor: In Mission; cheap; adults. Address
box 2328. Call office. .
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
EUltes or singles: running water: gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House. S19 * 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 2&c to $1; week. $1 25 ts $4; open night:
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies',
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. Si
to JS; month. $S to J29; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER, 1111, nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.,
single, suites; also hskng. ; term reasonable.
TAYLOR, 31S — 2 elegant rooms, double parlors;
gas; bath: suitable 2 gentlemen; private house.
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD. 614^4— $6: 1 large unfurnished rooms;
rear of barber shop; side entrance.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Ca'l branch office. 1200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. •
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay-Sunny
Lay-window rooms; superior board: $25 up.
HAIGHT. 232 — Sunny, rooms, with board for S.
$40 per month; also parlor suite for 2, JSO.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market Et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
PRIVATE family: large, refined home; cars or
I v.-alkingr distance; $25 single. $40 couple; no
children: gents only: reference required. A.
! B.. box 21«3. Call office.
VAN NESS. 8C3— Several large, sunny rooms',
with board, terms reasonable: also front and
back parlor, suitable for doctor; comfortable
home.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
! ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
I painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, oold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
storage: and warehouses.
PI E RC^R^D^?H^St^eTTn7^M^v^gCot
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 571S.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture. Moving Coni-
pany. 2520 Fillmore ft.: phnne Jackson Ml.
TO LEASE.
FOR rent— Fir.e dairy; 100 to 125 cows; In Sacra-
mento County: cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further particu-
lars aoply to FRANK HICKMAX, 412 J St..
Eacramento.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
¦5REAT BARG^UxT^>TTrreWRITERS^^'e
1 sell better machines for less money than any
: house In the city: rentals, $S. The Typewriter
Exchange. CCG California, telephone Main 266.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3500— TO close estate; corner lot "¦ 115xl30;;tn
•Berkeley: near Ashby station and 1 block from
etreet car line; with Improvements, house
8 rooms and bath: large barn, windmill and
tank. Address EDWARD HOEGEMANN,
• executor, or 11. A. POWELL, attorney, 615
Safe Deposit bldg., San Francisco.
THOROUGHLY well furnished house. In the
very best rart of Berkeley, to rent for 6
months: references required. Apply to MA.
: SON & McLENATHBN, adjoining P. O.,
Berkeley Station.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LARGE orchard in pretty Elmhurst; cut in lots
40x120 up to an acre; on car line; travel
rtreets; city water; terms to please. SALS-
Bl'RY. 459 Ninth st- Oakland.
OAKLAND HODSJEKEEPIXG ROOMS.
THE Wald^rfTTHr^roaliwaTr^akland— New
and sunny suites; housekeeping If desired:
also slnsle rooms. ' ;
OAKLAND FUR.MTURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDUAL) .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND^ Notice— Dividend No. 79 (twenty,
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation. Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market et., on and
after Monday, May 21, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May 15, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tem.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
intention to change principal place of busi-
ness—Notice is hereby given that in pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds <2-3) of the capital stock of the Ito-
wardennan Improvement Co.. a corporation,
created under the laws cf the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
cbtalned and filed In the office of said cor-
poration. It Is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, in the county of Santa Cruz,
Etate of California, said removal or change
to take effect immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. California, this 3d day of May. A. D.
1300. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
"PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military supplies.— S6 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal., May 16,
1900 Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m.. June 6,
1500 and then opened, for 'furnishing Sta-
tionory. Hardware, Office Furniture, Saddlery,
Leather, Brushes, Buckets. Axle Grease, Lye,
Oils Paints, Sponge," Cotton Waste, etc. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including In
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) and such preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Proposals for delivery at other
points will be entertained. Information' and
blank proposal* furnished on application. En-
velopes will be endorsed "Proposals for. Mili-
tary Supplies, No. 41S1." and addressed CAP-
TAIN OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-"
master, V. B. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil.— 36 New i Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.; May 16, 1900.
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m.; June 20, 1900. and
then opened, for furnishing and storing here
100 000 gallons Mineral Oil. 135 : degrees flash
test In cases of two five-gallon cans each.
Preference will be given to articles, of do-
mestic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality being equal (Including in
the price of foreign productions the. duty
thereon) and such perference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast' to the* extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there. ¦-'• ¦ ..¦¦:¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦•'¦¦...¦
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or ay proposals or any part
thereof. Information aod blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes will be en-
dorsed "Proposals for Mineral Oil." and "ad-
dressed CAPTAIN OSCAR F. LONG. Awist-
and Quartermaster, U.S.' Army, Depot Quar-
termaster.
PEUSOXALS. I
LEOERCB. tli* popular h<Jr<ir«sser. dcesn't I
r.:ake it a Btfnt to «.harse extra for fancy or !
• :i!>orflte hair.iressinc: trat which suits your |
?¦tile only >?e. 123 Stockton et.
J3 LADIES' French kid shoe for $2 at the Bee
Hive Shse Co.. 717 Market.
RESPECTABLE, rcfpocsibie. reliable money
1 '.ending house; lewest rates; established ISM;
cur own firerroof building; private ents-ar.ee;
rrtvate rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
avc.
LEDEREXTB Quir.tcnica Hair Tonic. 35c bottle.
ar<i him F^ano Shampoo, 5c package, are the
K^t **-Urrs |v-»ufi> fine. 123 Stockton et.
TP.IVATF. fleteeUw work; reasonable rates- ten
years' exrfrienre. J. B. RAY. S.Y7 Jessie st.
MIPS PHELDON. chiropodist and business ad-
vioe. 650 Market si., second floor, room 37.
FT'LL-DIlCt'S and other suits bought: also old
FVlA. Portland Loan Office. £5 Stockton st.
LEDEREIt. the popular hairdresser: price only
»5c; no cxtia charge for fancy hilrdressinc;
has but one prlc* tor plain or the most elab-
orate coiffures. 113 Stockton et.
AN e!e?ar.t eult for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnant!" L. LHMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh sr.d Eighth. ¦¦*-'-
LEDERER us»s QalataoSca Hair Tonic to make
the hair *rlos*y. Sic bottle. azid-K<">amo Sham-
poo to cleanse the scalp. 5c pkg. 1~ Stockton.
ELECTHIC Urhts in every rccin: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Market: 160 rooms;
t£c to ?1 16 per r.icht: Jl M to W per week:
lr*« *bu» and baggage to and from the ferry.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; cenfidential; secrets
Inviolate. Address bcx 430. Call office.
LADIES' and gent*' cast-off clothing bought and
ao'.d. F;;v?rrr.an. ?<U Fclsora: tel. Folscm 1131.
tS PHOTOS for K P«r dcien at FOWZEITS.
I14& Slarket st.. near Taylcr.
HAIR quickly ourled cr tvavrd by using Tal-
coft'g Curling Flul-3; 26c bottle; druggists.
CAFT-OFF clothtns. old sold and sliver bought;
•end pr*ta!. COLEMANS. 606 Kearny »t.
FTAMMEP.INO r-orrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. AM.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden st. Oakland.
IF vcu wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
tnir rs'l rn H. Crhen. l.',7 Third: tel. Black 4ia.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE lean kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
ttuglo 11 Gesry ft., ground floor.
PHVSICIAXS A\D Sl'RGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Office and residence,
131H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC diseases treated; cures guaranteed.
Pit. GORD1.N. Easitartum. 114 Pine tt.
Hit STYAN'S Ittieumatlsm Cure. U; free to
poor even' Wedi esflar. it Geary st.
REAL ESTATE CITV FOB SALE.
BALDWIN
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
127.500— Paclflc-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence: 17 rooms. I baths: a'.l arrangements
for en uj>-to-da'.e home; lot 37:£xl£2:6.
*€500— Octavla et.. near Broadway; fwo-story
residence cf k roorr.s and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents. 145. 1
BfSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounaci by Kolsom et.. Treat
*ve.. Thirteenth and Fourteenth ets.. belnK of-
f»r*d tn EuMlvisir.r.s; call at office and get dia-
gram; J'4'JO and up'wsrd.
A F1NF. INVESTMENT.
$40.000— Tfcird-sn. con-.er; 137:6x137:6; etore and
?.*is; sood Improvements; rtnts £250.
¦-¦"-• — Fclsom-^t. corner: manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents S170; lot 100x57:6.
$11, 000— Rf-nts 1113; Casiro-Jt. corner; stores
erA "ats; lot SCxfc.1.
AN OFFER WANTED.
C^*— Rltch et. : £ flats: rents $42 50; lot t!x«0.
f^oco— Rents t£E: Natoma *t.. rear Sixth; coal
j-«r<J and 4 Cats above; lot 25x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
17500 each— Facing Jefferson sq'-are on Laguna
Ft.; fpeclal offering of several choice residences;
ft a diagram and particular* at office.
ST7S0 — Richmond district; entirely new; 3 cot-
tajres; modern in every respect: easy terms.
J235O— Sunset diEtrict; 2 handsome new mod-
ern residence*; Just completed; 6 rooms and
bath asd basement; lot 25x120; easy terms.
Jl 1,000— Pine et., near Buchanan; good mod-
ern residence: 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
rlurabing, electric lights; lot 25x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
T5000— Van N*5s ave.; corner; KxlCS.
115,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:€xl27:?H;
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
KC50 — Mil! Valley cottage; S rooms and bath;
jvartly finished attic; larrr lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery »t.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAP AXD WATER SERVICE.
On very eas=y payments: choice lots In the
block recently rubdlvlded, bounded by H and I
f:« . Eighteenth and Nineteenth aves.; ripht on
the Park ar.d the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
v tr1; most «f.ihe iau already *ali; La lance
bound to eell quickly; fine investment; good
'.-:.. ::r£ l:'f ; j.: ready; lots on offld&l grade;
n-.ao2.darnlze<5; ilar.li sidewalks; € per cent ln-
£EE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
" OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars p&er the property: eee this block at
occe; go to our branch office to-day, cor. H Bt.
end Ninth ave.; price lists, etc., there or at our
office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
W Montgomery st.
A NICE home sacrificed.
n^yo— Facing Alia Plaza. Clay «t-. near
Pcott. 2-*tory and basement residence; con-
tains salon parlor*. large dining room, kitchen
and breakfast room on main floor; 5 beedrooms
on epcond floor; charmingly situated in a se-
lect neighborhood; mortgage of J3290 can staid;
offer wanted: rr.ust be sold.
LYON «¦ HOAG. 114 Montgomery et-
1WV.VTOWX investment.
127,500— Payg 7 r>er cent net; handsome 4-story
end basement bunding; 1 block from Alhani-
fcra Theater.
|<WW— Rent $" 5°: fine, new bay-window Cats,
oor.talnln*: * and S mmxif. etc.: latent plumbing;
every modem f-nnvenienr*; lo:s of sunshine;
!ars» lot «;5xlU»»; in very h*n part of park
jandhar^Se district.
trrr.O — Rented $S3: all- rented; splendid Invest-
ment In be*t reeiilenc* section of Mission warm
betS; lot OncllS; 1mr»">vement in apple-pie order
LYON & IK>AG. 114 Montgomery st-
SVVKLL Cats In a FWell district.
Pay 12 i>er cent.
t!2 r,v>— Handsome new flats on Ven Ne*s
«ve ; contain 7 room? ea-h; latTt *anltary
j-ilumhinK; marble- *:*•!*. etc.; expensively fl n -
lf-h^d; an excellent investment in a swell dis-
trict; rent 1139.
IGCa— Brand-new hnuw; 775 Cole ft., bet. Wai.
l*>r und Frederick; fine. new. sunny houw, con-
taining" *• nom?. riath. *-tc. : wlriiwn an>1 laun-
dry 1^- basement: l«?t ZZ\\(*>: etr»vt nituminized-
«xpenRively finiFhed; walls all tinted and decor-
tfd in the b*tt ta*t«».
LVON A- HOArt, U4 Montgomery rt.
J7T/:n-BfSIXE?S corner «t the MisMon; 3 pood
h-jildlnef: all T*nt"d: payn over 10 per cent; a
first-cl8M< investment.
LYON & HOAO, lit Montrcm^ry ft.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN HOMES
IN A CHARMING LOCALITX.
New up-to-date houses en Clayton Bt.. near
Frederick: contain large reception hall, swell
rarlors. dining-room and kitchen on main
floor; 4 lurge. punny bedrooms, vith dreeslng-
roc-m Attached, on itecond floor; big basement:
fplendld taste has been ehowa In the decora-
tions; or*>t» plumbing-; expensive ipantel*:
price $<¦•'•> for £-rnom hou?« and iiMt for
K-rvni hou?e; terms, fay, JIOCO cash, balance
tnor.thly; blue cars on Eddy ft. pass the prop-
erty. Hairht-«t. rare transfer.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
POLK and BROADWAY. NE. CORNER; lot
1C1:€xC1:;. with two bouses; corner 44 feet
vacant; good place for etore and flats. -
Mission, bet. 17th and l«h: neat 2-«tory bay-
w-indow house. S rooms end bath; already busi-
n*-e« prcr>erty; ehould be raised and a store
put below It; rood location for a doctor, musi-
cian. dres»makcr, etc.; cheap.
Lexinctoa ave. 'formerly Stevenson St.), be-
tween lSth and SCrth: neat hou*e. t rooms and
hath: only J2M; good neighborhood. Arply to
C 6. CAPP & CO.. r«al eetate arenta, 630
Merket fc t.
ENAP for people moderate means; house of S
flat«. 4 rooms ami bath each; Jones *t. ; rent
_ £3 month: no agents; f.2600. Inquire JOSA 10th.
IF you have property north of the Park, or
Horoer"» Addition and the Mission, that you
want to <3irpob» cf. then call ca W. J.
GINN. U6 Calircraia et.
JJODEP.N houses and Cats built at lowest
price*; j;iar.» and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mlsrlon at.
CHEAPEST and~be^t~ln~An>erlca— The Weekly
CaU. 16 pages, ecr.t to any address In the
I.n'.ted y;atps. r^'raii. fcr » per year.
KKAL ESTATE COLNTItY— -Fvr Sale
MUST KE SOLD
,. . , , TO CLOPS PARTNERSHIP.
J( ncreF choice land In Sonoma County, unlm-
young orchard, flowing well, small house and
b*M ;„* . nc **v ch!pk «> house, etc; will
f y?g
f27C.0-Dn«IRABLE country li-Tne- 29 acrei
choicest fruit land; jew almon-J and 50 "elect
fru'.t tree* 5 to « jprn old; new hard-flnfched
-rwdenre; barn and other buildings; excellent
»-»Jl 01 Kaur: n^w windmill; good echool: de-
siruble neighborhood; by raJi Itf hours from
K F. Apply g Kan Pablo ave.. Oakl.-.nd-
WE fee-re K-veral bargain rn frurTranches lo-
ctted Ranta Cruz Mountains WFSTFUV
LAND CO.. 640 Market et., K. K. i ' alt *" : *
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
1 30fi0 ranch»-« on my eale and <"xchange list V
V l>. SICK ELS, The Land Agem. 10 Geary t't.
MILL Valley: bouse and i"t cheap; oa account
cX departure. Box CO. CaU efflce. * CCVUBl
DIED.
Adlam, Benjamin Moody, Isabella
Anderson. Clam Murphy, Margaret
Anthes. Catharine Murray, Patrick
Barrett. Mrs. Jane O'Neil. Henry
Batchelder. Louise Pescia. Dr. Joseph
Caro. Sadie- Root, D. W.
Coin. Mrs. Ceclle fiheehan. Kat?
Dolan. Francis fimith, David M.
Griffin, Bridget •¦ Colmon,- Annie- '
Hartnett. John J. Sullivan, Ellen
Klinge. William Volmer. Charlotte
Mcllvaine, Josephine Wright. Mrs. Susan
Mansneld, Richard C.
ADLAM— In this city. May 15, 1900, Benjamin
Adlam, a native of England, aged 81 years.
ANDERSON— In this city. May 15. 1900. Clara,
beloved wife of Johan W. Anderson, a native
of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 31 years 3 months
and 22 days.
ANTHES— An anniversary requiem mass for
the repose of the soul of the late Catharine
Anthes will be held this (Wednesday) morn- ;
lnr. at S o'clock, at St. Boniface's Church, i
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and Leav-
enworth streets.
BARRETT-In this city. May 13. 1900, ' Mrs.
Jane Barrett, beloved mother of John Peter
Barrett nnd Mrs. Hannah Goodwin, a na-
tive of Manchester, England, aged 77 years.
(cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at Martinez,
Cal. Take 9 o'clock a. m. broadgauge boat.
Remains at the mortuary chapel of the Gold-
en Gate Undertalclns Company, 2425 Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
BATCH ELDER— In this city,. May 15. 1D00. Lou-
ise, beloved daughter of H. W. and A. Batch-
elder, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
days. •
CARO— In this city. May 15, 1900. Sadie, be-
loved wife nt David Caro. dauehter of Mr.
and Mrs. John - Gelder of Lorln. Alameda
County and Bister of Dave, Harry. Mark.
George* 'Leo, Carrie and Francis Gelder, a
native of Chicago, 111., aged 23 years 2 months
and 9 days. (Chicago. New York and Boston
papers nlease copy.)
E7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 82 Hoff avenue, between Mission and
Valencia streets, off Sixteenth, and thence by
11:3a o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for
Interment.
COIN— An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Mrs. Ceclle Coin at St. Francis de Sales
Church, corner of Grove and Hobart streets,
Oakland, this day (Wednesday), commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully Invited to attend.
DOLAN— In this city. May 14. 1900, ¦ Francis
Dolan beloved father of Francis Jr., Kdward
and Georga Dolan. Mrs. Catherine Savage and
Mrs. Nellie Swift, a native of Dublin, ; Ire-
land, aired 65 years.
(tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 112% Turk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, - Van Ness avenue where a re-
oulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In this city, May 14, 1900, Bridget,
beloved wife of Maurice Griffin, and loving
mother of Michael J., William H., John F..
Bartholomew and Agnes Griffin, a native of
Clahane, County Kerry. Ireland, aged 68
(CTFrlends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1108^4 Potrero avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. . • -
HARTNETT— In Alameda, May 15, 1900. John
J ¦ beloved son of Nono and the late Maurice
Hartnett, and brother of Christopher : Hart-
nett and Mrs. H. J. Weeks and the late Agnes
J and^ William F. Hartnett. a native of
Newcastle West. County Limerick, Ireland,
aged 18 years and 8 months. . .
(ET'Notlce of -funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the United Undertakers, 1 2L,
and 29 Fifth street. -
KLINGE— In this city. May 13. 1900, William
Kllnge, dearly beloved husband of Reglna
Jilinge, stepfather of Henry and grandfather
of GeorKe. Sophie, Adler. Willie and Tlllie
Sr-ellman. a native of Eldenberg. Saxony,
Germany, ased 62 years.
ETFYlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited I to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 t>' clock, trom his late resi-
dence, : 221V4 Fulton . street, thence - by 3:30
o'clock train for Cypress Lawn j Cemetery. | g
MAHBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John S. Mclnnlse. 3?. 814 Clay street, and
Annie D. Lawrence. 40, 314 Clay street. '
William II. Melsome. 26. Shanghai, China,
and Dora Macdoueali. 23. city.
Harry W. O'Brien. 36. 766 Mission street, and
Belle Walls, 26. 972 Howard street.
James R. Gray, 29, 729 California street, and
Charlotte A. Topper, 30, 1015 Mason street.
Howard C. Lieb, 24, 240S Folsom street, and
Velma Carew. 23, 240S Folsom street.
Charles T. N. Helnsen, 43, 239 Golden Gate
avenue, and Emily A. Fabrlcius, 26, 118 Olive
avenue.
Charley Wessmann. 35, Haywards, and Katie
Hansen. !2, Hayward*.
John Muehlhauser. 26. 626 Xatoma street, and
Anna E. Johnson. IS, OIney. Or. "
Charlea Greenwood. 34. 1322 Pine street, and
Lena Wysen. 25. 316 Linden avenue.
PROPOSALS for Drayage— General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. April 16, 1900.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies in and about the city of San Francisco.
Cal., for the fiscal year commencing: July 1.
1900 will be received at this office until 11
o'clock a. m.. on Thursday, the 17th day of
May. 1900. and then opened. 'The Government
reserves the right to reject any or all pro-
posals. All necessary 'Information will - b»
furnished on application to this , office. . OS-
CAR F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster, U.
8. Army. Depot Quartermaster. .--.-¦
HEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. KLDRIDGE & CO .
638 MARKET STREET.
INVESTMENTS.
HS. W0— Fine S-etory brick and iron building, en
Sansome st., next corner; must be sold; any
cfTer submitted.
|14.50n-pine st., nr. Taylor: 3 flats of 7, 1 and 8
rooms and bath ; rents U12 50 per month.
J4000— Harriet et., nr. Brannan: 7 tenements;
fine condition; on lot 50x$0; rent* $51 per
month.
fSTffl — 2 fine, well-built flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; en Point Lobes ave., nr. Sd ave.;
lot 25x100 ft.; rents S34 per month.
RESIDENCES.
$6000— New elegant modern residence of S
rooms, porcelain bath, elegant mantels, fres-
co*-d dome ceilings, etc.; Cole St.. nr. Pan-
handle.
J2250— Nr. Geary and Stelner sts.; 2-Story house
9 rooms and bath and basement; rents J22 per
month.
re ¦CO — Chattanooga et.. nr. 2Id; cottage C rooms
nr.d bath; lot 15x120 ft.
JIS'TO— Twenty-third St.; well-built modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; lot S.'ixlOO ft.
A FEW BARGAINS IN LOTS.
J32C0 — sn. corner; on- Washington st.; elegant
corner lot. 31:3x100:4 ft.
JSSO and upward— Fine level lots, with marine
view, or. Hyde-st. car line; small amount
cash, balance on payments; will build to suit
on terras.
J700— Clipper St., nr. Noe; 26:8x114.
$275 each— Eighteenth ave., nr. Clement St.; 2
lots, 25x110 each.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
A T* r T I O N !
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY. MAY 29. 1900,
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Our Salesroom. 633 Market St.
LEAVENWORTH STREET INVESTMENT.
West Bide, 1037-39-41-42 Leavenworth St., 57:6
south of California: 3-story house. 10 rooms and
bath ar.d t flats of S rooms and bath each;
total rents II OS .".•">: lot 40x60 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS INVESTMENT.
( North side Clay Rt. (No. 3340), 110 east of
j \Va!nut, elegant modern residence of 12 rooms,
I attic, basement, billiard-rooms, etc. : every
I modern improvement: rents JTSO per annum,
I above bank mortgage of J3S00, which can re-
main. _ jii
MISSION WARM BELT.
PEREMPTORY SALE.
(Without reserve.)
Northeast corner of Bryant and Twenty-sixth
Fts. ; fine level lots, ready for building; street
level; bltumlnlzed, pewered. accepted by city;
terms, bank mortgage of $2700 can remain on
the 5 lots cr $550 can remain on each lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
Banks pay 3 1-2 per cent; these properties pay
from 13 to IS per cent.
WELCH ET.
Northwesterly side Welch st. fNos. 112-114).
130 southwest of Fourth; six flats, two of 4
rooms, four of 3 rooms; total rents $46 per
month; lot S5x75 feet.
ALICE BT.
Northeast elde Alice st. (Nos. 5 and 7). 80
feet southeast of Folsom; six tenements of 4
and 3 rooms; total rents J42 per month; lot
4vx5T:6 feet; wil! subdivide.
TEHAMA ST.
North side Tehama st. (No. 742), 80 feet
northeast of Ninth; five tenements of* 4 and 3
rooms; rents 132 per month; key lot extending
back toward Howard et.; lot 25xSO feet.
BAKER ST. RESIDENCES.
West Bide Baker st. (Xos. 21-23), 27 feet south
of Page; two modern weil-bullt houses of J
rooms and bath each; finished basement, serv-
ants' room, laundry, etc.: every modern con-
venience; will sell houses separate; lots 22:6x
100 each; terms, cash above bank mortgage of
IC50 on each house.
LEAVENWORTH ST. FLATS.
East side Leavenworth Et. (No.' 171S), 40 feet
south of Vallejo: two flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and basement; rents $30: lot 20;6x6S:6 feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side Vlcksburg et. (No. 10), €9 feet south
cf Twenty-second; nice appearing 2rStory nous*
of 6 rooms and bath and barn; rents $1S per
month; lot 22:6x100 feet.
LYON ST. LOT.
FORCED SALE.
West e'.de Lyon st.', 25 north of Geary; size
25x100 feet.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 2421, near Fillmqre — S large unfurnished
rooms: yard: water; rear; rent 17.
DEVISADERO. 1903 — 2 sunny front rooms and
bath, completely furnished; rent $18.
EDDY, 604— Nicely furnished bay-window suite,
complete for housekeeping, with kitchen; ga»
etove.
EDDY. 917— Pleasant, sunny, connecting house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private res.
EDDY. 926— Two or three sunny rooms for light
housekeeping; single room also; private faxn-
liy. ;
FIRST, 2S— Three front sunny, furnished rooms
fcr light housekeeping; $10 per montl^
FOLSOM, 525 — Lartre furnished room; light
hcusekeeplng : il 25 week.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny frcnt buy window room
and kitchen; closets, bath, all prive: $3.25 wk.
GEARY. 813^—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; light
housekeeping; private family; references.
G G. ave. 834 — Parlor floor for 5 adults: piano;
thoroughly renovated; also single; bath; yard.
I HARTUEON. 731— Four rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard, bath; flS.
HOWARD. 940— Room; light housekeeping: $t.
1 HCnVARD. lCOe-Large front bay-window room;
I kitchen; complete housekeeping; cheap; priv.
KEARNY 223, near gutter— A front suite. $11;
gas. Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant ave.
JESSIE, 629— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
fine.
MARKET, 1028— Single rooms, unfurnished, $3;
three rooms. $3.
MARKET. 153S. by City Hall— Two connecting
front eunny rooms; range; water; rent $15.
MCALLISTER, 633 (Eaton's Baxaar)-* large
rooms, kitchen and bath; reasonable.
MISSION. 2E3S, near 2Id— Sunny ftlrnlshed
rooms: call morning and evening. - *
OAK, S4— Nice sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
OAK. 119 — 2 sunny rooms furnished ¦ for heavy
housekeeping, $10; 1 basement room, same, 14.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
parlor; mantel, folding-bed; kitchen; com-
plete; $11. ¦
O'FARRELL. 742—3 nicely furnished house-
keeplng rooms; parlor floor. $18. $20. •
SCOTT. 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $S or $10 month.
STEVENSON. 651— Two clean, sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; yard; $8 to $10.
VAN NESS ave.. 43— Sunny front rooms for
housekeeping. $12 to $18; also single rooms for
gentlemen. $C to $10.
2 FURN. housekpsr. rms.; elegant p'rlvate res.;
gas; stove: piano: bath; $18 &0. Box 2337,, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnce.2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and,
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO-LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
J5c to $1 per night: $1 25 to {5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 724 Bush st..' ad-
joining the Ruts Hotel; S4 rocms; all prices.
AT £27 Howard— Changed bands; respectable:
newly renovated: single, double and house-
keeping rooms: $1 ur.
BAKER. 1511—2 sunny frcnt unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; bath.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. ccr. Stkn.— Single and cor.
gur.ny suites; finest jn city; h., c. water; cars
- pass door; elevator; tourists accommodated.
BRYANT.. 732— Large sunny front room, suit-
able for two irenllemen; rent $S.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
. nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
jivi. Sunny cornet: well furn.: rms. & office*.
CLEMENTINA. 434«i— Nicely furnished room In
private family: $3 per month. - '¦ ¦¦ : ¦
ELLIS,- 63*— Elegant ' furnished parlors; -ultes
tcr 2 or 3 irenUemen; near City Ha>'
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. D. C. until IS o'clock noon. May
C2 19CO. and publlcfy opened Immediately
•thereafter, to furnish at the navy yard. Mar"*
Island. Cal., a quantity of brushes, marine
cement, mats, toilet articles, worsted zephyr,
flax twine, window glass, hardware, . wire
screws, belting, lumber, boat knees, drills,
brass rod. sheet brass, bar iron, sheet Iron,
copper rod. rivet steel, steel plates, bar steel,
parking, millboard, hose, lubricating grease,
tallow, turpentine, white zinc, chemicals, glue
paints, , iron pipe, brass pipe, copper pipe,
lead pipe, water-gauge glasses, pipe fittings,
valves, condenser tubes, toilet paper, sta-
tionery, flies, hydraulic Jacks, auger bits.
tool» sand, paper, matches, soap, lumber and
one generating set. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to 'the bureau or
to the navy pay office, San Francisco, Cal.
A. S KENNY, Paymaster General. U. S. N.
4-S4-00.
PROPOSALS.
ANNUAL supplies for the United States Marln*
Corps. Headquarters United States Marine
Corps, Quartermaster's office, Washington
D. C, April 30, 13C0— Sealed proposals. In dupli-
cate, w^l be received at this office until- 12
o'clock, noon on May 29, laOO, and then be
publicly opened, for furnishing military sup-
plies to be delivered at Philadelphia, Pa.,
and Washington. D. C. Sealed proposals. In
-duplicate, -Trill also be received at this office
until 12 o'clock noon on May 2S. 19C9; and then
be publicly opened, for ¦ furnishing ice -and
stationery at Washington, D. C; laundry
work, fuel and forage at Annapolis. Md.;
rations, laundry work. ¦ fuel and forage at
Portsmouth, N. H.« Boston. Mass.: Newport.
R. I.; Brooklyn. N. Y.: Philadelphia, Pa •
League Island, Pa.; Washington. D. C; Nor-
folk, Va.; Port Royal. S. C; Penpacola. Fla.:
Mare Island. Cal., and Bremerton, Wash.
Blank proposals, specifications and other in-
formation can be obtained upon application
to the commanding officer, marine barracks,
at the stations named. Standard samples
can be examined at this office: at 1100 South
Broad street. Philadelphia, Pa. : at marine
barracks, Boston. Mass.: Brooklyn. N. T..
and Mare Island, Cal. All bids accepted and
contracts awarded subject to an appropria-
tion by Congress to meet the expense. This
office reserves the right to reject any; and all
bids and to waive defects. Bids from manu-
facturers or regular dealers only will be con-
sidered. - F. L. DENNT, Colonel, Quartermas-
ter, United States Marine Corps.
McILVAIXE— In this city. May 15. 1500. at 2:13
p. rn.. Josenhine Marie,.' only child of Wln-
fleld K.and Mae R. Mcllvaine. aged 7 years
and 7 months/ .
ICyXotice of funeral In- Thursday morn-
ing's papers.
MANSFIELD— In this city, May 14, 190". Rleh-
-ard C, beloved- son of Ellen and Richard
Mansfield, and "brother of; Michael. John.
Thomas. Laura and Maude Mansfield and
.Mrs. Jair.es R. Borden, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 10 months and 4 days. |
(CvTrieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at. 1:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 203>/4 Polk street, thence to St.
Mary's. Cathedral, where services will be held
for the repose of his soul, commencing at l:4o
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOODY— In Pittsburp, Pa., May 13, 1900, Isa-
bella Moody, sister of the late Jnsenh L.
Moody and the late Mrs. Anna B. Poindexter.
MURPHY— In this city. May 14. 1300. Margaret,
beloved wife of Timothy Murphy, loving
mother nt Mrs. J. F. Fleming and Margaret.
Annie, May and John Murphy, and slater of
Mrs. T. Foley, Mrs. P. Shea and Mrs. J. Por-
ter, a native of Castle Lyons, County Cork,
Ireland, ased 41 years.
ICThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, -533 Bryant street, thence to St. Ro«e's
Church, where a. solemn ' requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. • •
MURRAY— In Oakland, May 15. .1900, Patrick
Murray, husband of Delia Murray, and father
of George Alaska Murray, a native of Dub-
lin, Ireland, aged S3 years.
O'NEIL— In this city. May 13. 1900. Henry, be-
loved brother of John P.. Joseph and Law-
rence D. O"Nell. a native of San Francisco,
aged 43 rears and 8 months.
PESCIA— A requiem mats (month's mind) will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Dr. Joseph Pescia at St. Ignatius . Church
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock.
ROOT— In this city, May 15, 1900, D. W. Root,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 74 years.
SHEEHAN— In the City and County Hospital,
May 13, 1900. Kate Sheehan. a native of Ire-
land, aged. 50 years.
SMITH— Drowned. In Chloride. Ariz.. April 19.
ISOCr David M. Smith, beloved husband of
Matilda A. Smith, and beloved father of Mrs.
Ada. I^ake, Mrs. Anna Commary and the late
Frank G. Smith, a native of Pennsylvania.
SOLMON-^n this city, May 15. 1900, Annie Sol-
mon, beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Margaret Eagen. and sister of Mrs. Mamie
Spohn. Mrs. Lillle Later, Mrs. Maggie Moody
ar.d Eugene Ea?en, a native of California,
a:ed 26 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 13. 1900, Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of David M. Sullivan,
mother of Penelope and David Sullivan, and
sister of P. J. and J. J. Sullivan, a native of
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 29 years and
6 months. (Chicago and St. Louis papers
please copy.)
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of .1. C. O'Connor & Co., 7S7 Mission street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
VOLMER— In this city. May 14. 1900. Char-
lotte Volmer, beloved mother of Mrs. T. B.
Butler and Louis Rudolph. Anna. Laura
and the late Charles Volmer. a native of
Wegersdorf, Hanover. Germany, aged 77
years 10 months and 28 days. . . .
pr Interment private. Please omit flowers.
WRIGHT— In Oakland, May 15, 1900. Mrs. Susan
D. Wrirht, beloved mother of Mrs. Charles
H. Merithew, and beloved sister of George W.
1*1*80011. aged So years 3 months and 15 days.
ETTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1220 Twelfth avenue. Oakland. No
flowers. Interment private.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BOBN.
BEHRENS— In Oakland. Cal.. May 15, 1900,-, to
the wife of A. F. Behrens, a son.
WINTER— In this city. May 13, 1900, to the wife
of James H. Winter, a son. .Charles Templeton Crocker and Jennie
Adeline Crocker, fcy their guardians,
Henry T. Scott and Charles E. Green
filed suit yesterday atrainst the city and
county to recover $4238. heretofore paid
under protest as taxes on bonds.
Suit to Recover Taxes Paid.
The Market-street Railway Company Is
making preparations for a bis? fight
against the Magulre ordinance to reduce
the fares of people who are compelled to
stand while riding In street cars. Yester
day men were stationed at points where
branch lines run Into Market street, with
instructions to count the passengers rid
lne in the cars.
Sixteen men were engaged in the work,
four stationed at Market and Montgomery
Etreets. and an equal number at each of
the following intersections : Market and
Fourth, Market and McAllister and Mar
ket and Castro. It is likely that other
men were stationed at other prominent
point* where travel congests, but they
were r.ot observed.
Market-Street Company Preparing to
Fight the Proposed Maguire
Fare-Cutting Ordinance.
KEPT TAB ON THOSE
WHO RODE IN CARS
crimes were committed in a building on
Mason street, between Broadway and Val-
Jej'j, and a quantity of property was
etoien. The house is composed of four
Bats, and seems to be an attraction for
crocus, as abo'Jt two months ago one of
the tenants, who was a victim of thieves
last wt-ek. lost jewelry and valuables to
the amount of $10u.
Last Thursday the flat at 1518 Mason
etrttt was entered during the day. It is
occupied by Miss M. Dillon. During her
absence robbers entered and secured a
tliarnond ring valued at $S5 and a pair ot
gold-rimmed eyeglasses.
Saturday evening, during the absence
cf Mrs. K. SI. Borman, at 1516 Mason
street. In the same house, thieves atempt
ed to force an entrance in the rear, but
were frightened away. Before they left,
however, they took several articles from
the back porch.
About two months ago Mrs. Borman's
apartments were burglarized and a pair
of pearl opera glasses, with the initials
"E. B.": a silver match safe, and five
dollars In coin were stolen. The thieves
in this case used skeleton keys and admit
ted themselves through the front door.
In the Dillon robbery the front door was
also opened by false keys. The officers
art? inclined to think that some one well
acquainted on the premises is responsible
for all the crimes.
A Mrs. Warnke, who occupied the same
flat as Mrs. Bnrman. was robbed of nearly
t200 worth of property two years ago.
One Tenant Is a Victim of Thieves
Twice Within Two
Months.
A number of robberies and burglaries
have been reported recently. The latest
HOUSE VISITED FOUR
TIMES BY BURGLARS
As Senator Goucher lolls the story it
vns close to the mystic hour of midnight
when he heard something metallic rat
tling in the keyhole of one of the doora of
Jiib room. The burglar did not get In at
door No. 1 and so moved on to door No. Z.
where he again made a rattle, presumably
with a string of skeleton Keys that he had
brought along for the purpose. Door No.
2 was as obdurate as the other and would
i.ot be persuaded to open to the skilled
and larcenous touch oi the midnight in
vader.
By thla time the Senator -was thoroughly
Interested in the proceedings. He had a
pistol on a shelf, but he did not think to
use it. He listened to the noise aa long as
he could Ftand the tension.
"Then," said the Senator last evening,
narrating the occurrence, "I threw the
door wide open and there stood a man
about & feet Js Inches tall and weighing
about ISO pounds as I should judge. He
had a closely cut black xnustacne and
piercing black eyes.
" 'What do you want hereT I asked.
"He said that he would attend to that
or made some such Impudent answer and
I gave him a left hand swing and he went
down on the floor. Then he rolled over
and reached around toward his hip pocket
and 1 hit him again. After that he eeem
ed to be rather limp. The landlord came
rushing in. for the happening made a heap
of noise and he asked me If I wished to
1-ave the man arrested. I said that I
thought that he had been punished
enough, and so the landlord led him away
and down into the street. I am sorry now
that we did not search him to iind out
whether he had any burglar's tools about
blxn. 1 did not wish to be detained here
as a witness and that is why I did not
have him arrested. He spoke good Eng
lish when he first addressed me. He
ppoke broken English after I had hit him.
No. he did not steal anything from me.
All that he said after he was In the hands
of the landlord was that he wanted to go
home."
A bold, bad burglar man attempted to
enter the room at the Launston. 110 Eddy
etreet. Monday night, in which Senator
Goucher of Fresno was peacefully repos
ing. He met with a signal defeat at the
hands of the doughty Senator, who landed
on him twice in a style that would be ap
proved in the prize ring and set a mark
for the burglar lighters of San Francisco.
Midnight Prowler, Who Tried Doors
With Skeleton Keys, Was Foiled
by the Doughty Lawmaker
From the Raisin Belt.
Senator From Fresno Proved
His Valor and Muscle
Successfully.
GOUCHER'S GOOD
RIGHT FLOORED
A BAD BURGLAR
She Is Mrs. G. W. Thomp
son, Who Has Been
Pointed Out as the
Woman Under Sentence.
- > . . . .
Investigation by Judge. Cook
Leaves the Case Where
It Was Before Any.
Inquiry Was Decided
Upon.
AS queer a quandary as could _ be
Imagined has arisen from the tan
gle of statements in the latest
phase of the Botkin case. Did
Judge Cook see Mrs. Botkin on a
Guerrero street car? And If he did how
Is It that the superintendent and the
guards and the matrons and all at the
branch jail are willing to swear that on
MRS. BOTKIN'S DOUBLE
APPEARS ON THE SCENE
Joseph Bennett, the young milkman who
disappeared last Saturday after writing a
letter to his employer stating that he was
going to commit suicide because his lady
love was not true. ha3 turned out to be
a* prince of bluffers or is certainly some
what erratic. ' .. ...
He has not been seen around the mim
depot at 909 Bryant street, where he was
employed., since he left his unique note of
farewell. The young man, however, is not
dead and has no idea of dying If he can
help himself. ¦¥¦'--;
With some motive or other in view, he
desires his friends and acquaintances to
believe that he will not be happy until he
takes his own life. He made a big bluff
yesterday to create the impression that
he was sincere. , ,
He emerged from hi3 hiding place and
strolled out to the park. He took a look
of despondency with him and did every
thing possible to attract the attention of
Park Policeman Ball. The officer spotted
Bennett as a prospective suicide and fol
lowed him. When the milkman thought
he had wrought the copper up to the
right pitch he dashed into a clump of un
derbrush, pretended to swallow the con
tents of an empty bottle, fell to the
ground and began digging his heels Into
the sand and his hands Into the fleshy
covering of his stomach.
Bell rushed up to him and without stop
ping to- make an Investigation dragged
the man to the driveway and sent him
post haste in the patrol wagon to the Re
ceiving* Hospital. The business end of a
stomach pump was Jammed down his
throat, but when the doctors began work
ing the machine it failed to draw up any
poison or even half-digested food. Ben
nett stayed with his play until the pump
made him feel uncomfortable, when he
threw up his hands and made signs that
he had had enough.
He admitted when the tube was with
drawn from his internal regions that he
was "only joking, anyway."
The Love-Lorn Dairyman
Fools Park Policeman
BENNETT MAKES
BIG BLUFF AT
TAKING POISON
The body of Edward Hogan. who fell
overboard from the bark Primrose Hill
on the- night of May 3, was found floating
in the bay yesterday near Lombard
street wharf. Hogan was a member of
the crew of the Government transport Lo
gan. , .
Edward Hogan's Body Found.
Mrs. F. Wolf. 707 Tehama .street, who
was seriously injured at Ninth and Mar
ket streets Monday morning through the
carelessness of the conductor of Valen
cia street cor No. 8, Instructed her attor
ney yesterday to enter suit against the
Market-street Railroad Company for
damages. She is still at the 1 Receiving
Hospital. An effort was made yesterday
to have her sent to the railroad hospital,
but she declined.
"Will Sue for Damages.
• Over $20,000 has been subscribed to the
Chinese • Hospital on Sacramento street,
otherwise known as the Oriental dispen
sary. This sum represents the subscrip
tions of the Chinese commercial bodies
only. It will be greatly enhanced when
the donations from American merchants
and from Chinese at interior points In the
State begin to come In. The object of the
hospital will be to afford succor to Chi
nese throughout California as well as In
San Francisco.
Hospital for.Sick Chinese.
Britannia Lodge No. 7, Daughters of St.
George, gave an orange party In Pythian
Castle last evening which was attended
by as many people as the hall could hold.
The decorations were orange and each
guest was presented with imitation or
anges, which they were requested to
throw at one another. They were made
of light tissue paper filled with little
scraps of paper after the manner of cas
carones. It was not long before each in
dividual was literally covered with scraps.
In the early part of the evening there
was a programme of music contributed by
George D. Evans. Miss Florence Buford,
Mrs. W. Clack, William Nelson. Alf Lut
tlnger and Roy Kay; fancy dancing by
three little girls, and then dancing for the
members and guests.
Daughters of St. G-eorge.
Kay Be for TJse of the Denver anil
Bio Grande, Which Intends
Building to California,
The story published by The Call last
Sunday to the effect that the Denver and
Rio Grande Railroad had decided to ex
tend its line from Grand Junction, Cclo..
to the southern part of the State receives
confirmation from the granting of a fran
chise in Los Angeles Monday, which is
supposed to be for tho use of a new trans
continental line.
This franchise was obtained by the Los
Angeles Terminal Railway after much op
position by the Southern Pacific, a dis
patch from the southern city says. Thfe
statement is made that it is thought the'
terminal franchise Is to be used by some
road building via Salt Lake.
LOS ANGELES GRANTS
TERMINAL FRANCHISE
The selection of the new site- will be
followed by -the construction of buildings
provided with all the modern equipment
for handling the company's rolling stock
and operating appliances. >
The plans for the structure comprehend
space for 125 cars. There will also be the
sub-station for the handling of the elec
tric current, which will be supplied from
the Independent Electric Company's plant
In South San Francisco-. The power for
the entire road will be furnlsned from
that source. Such apparatus as It neces- ,
sary to handle the current will be Install
ed at the new station. It is expected
that from 400 to 500 employes of the road
will be centered about the new headquar
ters.
One of the chief considerations which
led to the selection of the site was the
fact that it Is half way between the ter
minals now projected. At present there
are a few cottages and a vegetable garden
on the property.'
The property acquired Is a block of
land, 450 feet by 450 feet, fronting on San
Jose avenue and on the main line of the
company's tracks. The site is about a
mile south of Sunnyslde, where the pres
ent powerhouse Is located. In addition to
this purchase the company has bonded,
through G. H. Umbsen & Co., its agents,
adjacent blocks, which will probably be
acquired in a short time.
Negotiations have been In progress for
several weeks with relation to the prop
erty. After the site was fixed upon by
the company's directors as meeting all
requirements of the new conditions of the
road the preliminaries were closed up as
rapidly aa possible, as it Is the company's
desire to push as speedily as possible the
many improvements which have been
planned for the service. Ever since the
rejuvenation of the system there has oaen
such a marked effort to increase the ac
commodations for patrons that there Is a
manifest Interest in every forward step
taken.
The San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway Company has made an Im
portant move in the development of bet
ter traffic facilities' and conveniences for
both the traveling public and Its em
ployes. Thero was completed yesterday
the purchase by the company of the block
of land known as "Mammy" Pleasant'B
homestead, on San Jose avenue, near
Ocean "View, to be the site for the new
car houses, sub-station and operating
headquarters of the system. The loca
tion is about midway on the road's line
to San Mateo, tho latter place being the
present objective point of the system's
extension.
Spacious and Modern. Buildings for
the Accommodation of the En
larged System to Be
~ Erected at Once.
New Headquarters for the
Electric Line Located
Near Ocean View.
SITE IS BOUGHT
FOR SAN IMTEO
ROAD'S STATION
¦ E. T.; Hauffe, saloonkeeper, 945 Bryant
street, swore i to'" a' complaint yesterday In
Judge , CabanissV, court : for the arrest of
Ida Baxter/his housekeeper,; on a charge
of grand larceny. , He engaged her a few
days- ago, and, yesterday morning, he al
leges; sne stole $75 which he had concealed
under the mattress ; In i his bed. She was
arrested yesterday ; afternoon. , "
Accuses Housekeeper of l*heft.
George Damensteln,. a^boy. 8 years of
age, residing at 262 i Elghth street, with his
father, "¦ Rabbi ?, Frank' Damenstein, while
on his • way V to • ; the , Stanford Primary
School yesterday morning, was knocked
down by a wagon. ; He ¦¦ was taken to; the
Receiving Hospital, .where it was found
that , he > was suffering from Internal in
juries, contusion : of the knee and . shock.
The "driver -'whlpped'.up "his 'horse -and
drove rapidly away without taking the
trouble to ascertain ',.the extent of the
boy's injuries.- ¦ The : police ¦ are : trying to
find him. -\ ", • .. ;.---. •;¦¦-•¦: vv-
Knocked Down bv a Wagon.
Judge Troutt-made an order yesterday
directing, Charles P. Braslan to pay his
wife, Mrs. Georgina M. ' Braslan, $60 a
month allmony'untllthe further order of
court. Mr./ Braslan was called- to the
stand.- and .made: a- detailed 1 statement of
his expenses in an effort to prove his as
sertion that ' ..his wife's : extravagance
caused his financial ruin. Several depo
sitions . made by Mrs. Braslan's friends
were read, and in. each instance the de
ponent asserted that Braslan did not ob
ject to his wife going East at the time he
alleges she deserted him. ' They also said
that at all times Mrs.' Braslan had treat
ed her husband in a kind and loving man
ner. At the conclusion 'Of. the .reading of
the depositions Judge Troutt . made the
order as stated. - '
Mrs. Braslan Gets Alimony.
OAKLAND, May 15.— While hunting in
the hills near Dublin, this afternoon, Wil
liam Cronin, 13 years old, accidentally dis
charged his shotgun, • receiving injuries
from which he died to-night. The charge
tore away : the boy's right arm and ho
bled to death before assistance could be
had." v ¦;«;•'¦••' . -¦ , ¦:;-':rv;.H.
BOY DIES FROM EFFECTS
OF A GUNSHOT WOUND
It was not Klncaid himself the Judge
saw. That was certain, for the Judge has
known Kincaid for some time. It was not
Mxonv for the Judge ¦ said no, • for his
height was against him and he could not
pass muster. It was not GUlespie. nor
Kincaid then explained that Nixon on
April 22 was inside guard; that he had to
remain In the office of the Jail and receive
visitors, for Sunday is visiting day, and
see that nothing contraband was taken
in to the prisoners. "I can swear," said
Klncaid, * f that Nixon was not out of the
Jail on that day,!' and the Judee was si
lent; but later on, when Kincaid repeated
the same statement and courted a reply
by adding, "and you must believe me,''
the Judge smiled blandly and said, "Why.
of course, that Is a matter of opinion."
a statement so obvious that it was ac
cented without comment
Nixon remained upon the rack for a
while, repeating his statements over and
over, and then fie gave place to the second
guard. John Gillesple.
The Judge wouldn't - have GiHeepIe at
all. "He's not the man," declared his
Honor; and beyond telling what hours he
kept GUlespie did but little talking. There
was a third guard. Peter Devalli,' but' he
Is gray and past middle life and round ot
form and with a gray beard. This
was out of all comparison with the
Judge's description, of. the man. he saw.
and so the look the party took at Devalli
as he ushered the visitors through . the
gate was taken as sufficient to exonerate
him. . : • - - - »
A light broke over the face of Mr. Kin
caid. "He Is the smallest man we -have
working out here," he said, with an ac
cent that denoted real regi-et that Nixon
was no smaller. "Yea, he looks like tho
man I saw," repeated the Judge thought
fully, "but the man I Faw in the car had
to reach up for the strap. Now you
wouldn't have to reach up for the strap,
would you?" asked the Judge, and Nixon
confessed that he would not— that Is, not
very high.
"The man I saw had on a light suit,"
continued the Judge. .
"I wear a light coat and vest when I am
dressed up," Nixon admitted, but he add
ed that his trousers ' under the same cir
cumstances were generally dark:
The first man called was William R.
Nixon, the guard who was on Inside guard
duty all the Sunday of April 22 last. He
was tall and spare, with sharp features
and a sandy mustache. The Judge looked
at him carefully and then said he resem
bled the man he saw on the cars with the
woman, but he was too tail to be the
same.
The force at Branch Jail No. 2 was un
der the scrutiny of the Judge yesterday
Under the Invitation of the Sheriff he was
allowed to call whomsoever he pleased and
to question and examine in any way he
saw fit. The examination was held in the
parlor of the Jail. Ranged around on the
upholstered cnairs were the Judge, who
was allowed the place of honor next the
table; Sheriff Lackmann, who chose the
soft end of a sofa; Under Sheriff George
Hare; 1. P. Klncaid. the superintendent*
Mrs. Kincaid, his wife; the head matron,
Mrs. Conlon; the second matron, and a
bevy of reporters and artists, who heara
and saw and looked wise.
And a double has appeared on the
scene — one who can be described as resem
bling Mrs. Botkin; and the hundreds who
have been gazing at pretty Mrs. Georglna
Thompson in the belief that she was Mrs. ;
Botkin have had their morbid pleasure
for their pains and their testimony of the
prisoner's wanderings has. gone for
naught. Mrs. Thompson is the mother of
Mrs. Murphy, the daughter-in-law , of
Judge Murphy. She is a plump, round-,
faced, jolly little woman, who, while not
pleased at the notoriety the resemblance
brings upon her, is nevertheless getting
considerable enjoyment out of the humor
of the situation. Can it be that Judge
Cook took a good look at Mrs. Thompson
wh,en he thought he saw Mrs. Botkin?
That is another question in the case that
has claimed attention.
the day Judge Cook says he saw her Mrs.
Botkin never left her room. And If he
didn't, how Is lt-that every time the pos
sibility of a doubt Is suggested the Judge
shakes his head and declares he ought to
know the woman he sentenced to prison
for life? Either the Judge is mistaken
and the Jailers are right or the Judge Is
correct and the jailers are wrong, and It
seems to be an even thing between them.
Then everyone fell to discussing the af
fair, and . various Ideas were advanced.
Kincaid and the two matrons scouted the
Idea that the prisoner could have got out
any . way but through the main corridor,
and that she could. have passed through
that without being- seen. .Also .that sne
could have been taken out % by any. back
-Then a brilliant- suggestion that Mrs.
Botkin; rigged. In the dress she wore when
she went to the dentist, be brought before
the group, was acted upon and the pris
oner was walked to the center of the par
lor in street edstume. She was dressed In
black, plain skirt and waist, and on her
head was a spreading ¦ black hat. Her
face was partly concealed by a black veil
The hat brought, new conviction to the
Judge.
• "I wasn't sure when" I saw. her down
stairs," he ventured, "but now ¦ that, I
have seen her .in that hat I am more than
ever convinced that she was the woman
I saw on the car. It was then Kincaid
received the suggestion as to what was a
matter of opinion. Mrs.' Botkin swept out
of the room and the Investigation, having
completed a circle, found itself Just where
It had started.
Then they all fell to discussing the time
Mrs. Botkin was allowed out to see her
dentist. On an order from Judge Bahrs,
signed April 17, Klncaid took the prisoner
downtown, on April 18, to Dr. Graham's
on Sutter street. On the way there she
asked If she could, be allowed to see her
attorneys. Knight & . Heggerty, In the
Parrott building, and Klncaid took her
there. ¦;.••¦ - . ¦ ;
"Did she see her attorneys?" de
manded Cook. • . ¦- - •
"Yes," said Kincaid, "she saw them In
my presence."
¦ "Let them both be brought Into court,"
was the Judge's order, and. the two attor
neys will be haled before' the Judge to
answer whether or no, they had a call
from Mrs." Botkin at 'any other time since
she was sentenced. - • - ¦-- .'
'iThey want to see how you looked that
day you were out," he said, for It had
been suggested that If the guards and the
prisoner were seen together it might have
a good effect. It threw no light on the
Judge's framo of mind, however, and then
GUlespie took his place beside the pris
oner. But that brought no result, so Mrs.
Botkin bowed the party out and the par
lor was filled again.
Mrs. Botkin herself was strangely
gowned and the strangest part of her
clothes was her hat. It was an outland
ish, pot-shaped bonnet of the stylo of a
score of years ago, and it gave her a most
fantastic air, as she waited In dignified
silence for the squad of visitors to tell
what they were about. Nixon pushed Into
the room and stood beside her.
Mrs. Botkin. is confined in an old drug
room, at the end of the dormitory, not
in the matron's room, at the end of the
upper hall. It is a plain apartment with
big windows, through which the afternoon
sun streams with a warmth and gener
osity even the iron bars across the panes
cannot hold back. And on the bed lay a
baby, clean and pink and peaceful as
though no shadow of a lock or bar ever
fell upon it. It was the child of one of
the prisoners, and while Mrs. Botkin
waits and watches for the word from the
Supreme Court she washes and sews and
sings for the babe and Uikes pnue in the
fact that it doesn't look a bit like a prison
child.
Klncaid then spoke up once more and
described the precautions taken to pre
vent escapes and violations of the rules.
The only keys to the dormitories, where
the women are confined, are in the hands
of Mrs. Conlon and Mrs. Kincaid. There
are no others besides these two sets and
no one can come or go through the single
door to each dormitory except either one
of the women uirows the bolt. Then, too,
Kincaid said he or one of the guards was
always on 'duty in the main corridor and
no one could pass in or out without being
seen, and no one could pass in or out
without passing through the main cor
ridor. The Judge then repeated his story
of the woman and the man he had seen,
and the superintendent declared' once
more that no one could leave the jail
without his knowledge and he knew Mrs.
Botkin had never strayed away. This
brought matters to a long silence, until
it was suggested that the Judge take a
look at Mrs. BotKin, who was In her room
at the end of one of the jformltories. This
was agreed to and the whole crowd went
down below and laid siege to Mrs. Bot
kin's apartment.
Devalli, and that ended the list of em
ployes, unless the two matrons, Mrs. Kin
cald and Mrs. Conlon, were considered
eligible. And a careful inquiry by Judge,
Sheriff and reporters showed only that
tho guards of the other jail were never
allowed to visit the women's jail unless
they had business to transact. • .
The possibilities of a double In the case
may lead to all sorts of- complications. If
it can be shown mat Mrs. Thompson
bought candy at Haas' store and that she
.traded at the various places where Mrs.
Botkin was supposed to trade, it might
not be hard for the prisoner's attorneys to
bring the' matter before the court in such
a fashion as to throw doubt on all the
identifications. In that case the result
would be hard to predict. - , •
| But in the meantime the question of lib
erty remains unsettled. Judge Cook be
lieves his eyes.- The Sheriff believes his
ears and what his men swear to, and the
Jailers repeat as often as asked that,
whether or not, the Judge to the contrary,
Mrs. Botkin never stepped from the prison
except . when ' Klncaid took her In his
buggy to have her teeth fixed.
The double, Mrs. Thompson, was nurs
ing her daughter, who is suffering from
the after effects of a smash-up ,on the
Hyde street line. She was. at Judg-e Mur
phy's residence, 123 - Liberty street, and
was quite prepared for the statement that
she might have been taken for Mrs. Bot
kin. .. . , v
"I have often been taken for Mrs. Bot
kin," she said, "particularly during the
trial. I used to hear .people around me
saying, 'There's •• Mrs.' 'Botkin' and then
they would point me out. I am sure, how
ever, that I am not the one Judge Cook
saw on the- cars. I know Judpo Cook by
sight and I am sure I would remember if
I had seen him on that day. I ride on the
Guerrero street cars. but very seldom and
I- know I was not riding, on them that
Sunday." . .
way. Then some one suggested that dou
ble, and as that -was a matter that could
not be settled In the Jail, the Inquisitors
left the Jail. and. came Into the city.
Tho idea of .a; double had thrown new
light on the matter, for It was plain that
if the double and not Mrs. Botkin had
crossed, the Judge's path the mystery
could be cleared at once. But It Is not so
certain thai It was tho. double that Cook
saw. ... :
Mrs. Botkin Appears In Street Dress.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDKESD^Y, MAY 16, 1900.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A
SPECIAL
PURCHASE.
• » •
. We beg to announce the arrival
of a SPECIAL PURCHASE of 5000
Bards Curtain Drapepg Muslin.
1 1 la M Iffk fl If I
nIPP IM'r* n\A
These draperies are in 20 dif-
ferent stules, such as large, medium
and small dots, medium and small
figures, revered and plain stripes,
are all pure white and measure
full 36 inches in width.
See display of above goods in our
show windows.
111 IIT I1R IIT IIQ 191 DflQT'QTRFPT
. Ill, ll<3, 119, Hi, lib?, 1211 rvJO I «~> I f\r_C 1 .
$3 ladles' French kid shoes for $2 a pair
at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market St.*
TO-DAY and
TO-MORROW
12 Grea^ Specials
MARKS^BROS.
LADITS- LINEN OVEItSKIRTS. trimmed-
eale price. 40c; regular price,' 75c.
LADIES 1 LINEN OVERSKIRTB. trimmed-
rale price. OHc; regular price, {1 CO.
LADIES* EHIRT WAISTS, all sizes 25e
LADIES' SILK AXD LISLE HOSE, double
heel and toe; sale price, 25e; regular
price. COc.
LADIES' WHITE MUSLIN UNDERSKIRTS
flounce and raffles. 3 yards wide. 45c.
ILADIHS' LINEN* COLLARS, latest strlea
S I-3c: r««ular price. 12^c.
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH OVERSKIRTS
Jurt the thing for the country. GOc- regular
price. II 00.
CHILDREN'S POKE BONNETS. 15c- regular
price. SSc.
INFANTS' ALL-OVER EMBROIDERED
CASHMERE DONNETS, 25c; regular price.
LINEN LACE. 4 Inches wide; aale price. 5c
yard.
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, verr wide
trimmed with wide embroidery and Insertion'
914)8; regular value. W.pO..
TAFFETA ALL-BILK RIBBON. 3 Inches wide
IOc yard; regular price.. 15c
VISIT WRAPPRR COUNTER AND BEE
THE DIG VALUES OFFERED.
LADIES' WRAPPERS, waist and sleeve*
lined, bretelles nicely trimmed, 08c.
LADIES' WRAPPERS, waist and sleeves
lined, trimmed with linen laces, $l.s:t.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet Taylor and Jones.
Dr. "W, . H. Mays - resumed practice : 1118
Sutter. cor. Laxkln; rea.. Hotel Granada.*.
/erfect feet <5Hoes that fit flemished feet
/Vo corns- like a :and witk bunions
J]ve scare conform to the feet, ? are caused
est tnin£ in giveone a steady only by ill-
¦¦;• towrv tread, t hey recasts fitting ohoea.
W ";'/¦ ' : 738-740-/VMRKET ST /^ ' \ W
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AJTD FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by oar Ut«
tdentme method applied to t&« stubs. No
slrep-proiluclc? agents or cocalns. y
These are the only dental parlor* In fan
Francisco havln* PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply toM
crowns and porcelain crown* andeteetabl* from
natural teeth, and warranted (or ten ysars,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PASS. Full t«t of
teeth S3. a perfect fit guaranteed or no par.
Gold crowns. fS. Gold fillings. XI. Stiver fill.
Ing*. 60c All work done by ORADCATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' ezp«rlenc«. and
each department In chars* of a specialist. Gtv*
us a call, and you will find aa to do exactly
as we advertise. We will ten too. In advaac*
exactly what your work will cost by * FRE3J
EXAMINATION.
fffl PtATES
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOUBS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS. 19 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
4- Room Furniture
FOR $98*
BEDROOM— Bedroom set. 7 piece*, hardwood:
Palr^lllo'ws Sprtns# * * ood Tol> M *ttresa, 1
PARLOR— 5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
stered Set.
D i N^ N i G^?°. OM - 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
b Oak Chairs.
K^CHEN-l Patent Table. 1 No. T Storm. S
Noextra chair* on credit.
— MAKE TOUR OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING C(X
1310-1312 Stockton St. Near Broadway.
• Open Erenings.
PolQ/Jfl ' >ne covered passacs-
i aidLtJ far connecting; thew
* w o Immense »troc-
tures places under
, one management 1400
and i: ooms ' »° <* which
CU1U have bath* attached
Tourists and traval-
« c #".C rom « ver y section
C^vtn-riA ot i h * wor »<l recocnlio
— ; nS?e? 9 .° ffered by *~
HnfOlC American plan. Eo-
AlUltJlO ropean plan.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cnitdbj
ESPIG'S CIGAREnES, or POWDER
Paru, i. E3PIC : Kew Tork, E. lOUGiai * CO
. BOLD BT ALL DRQOOISTai
RPTTQWTTQ to* barbers, bak-
bre**rs. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. flounnUls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
Brush Manutactursra. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN KOTBU.
KEXRXT AND WASHIN-GTON BT8.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD *
CO. European plan. Itooms. 60c to tl 80 day; (
13 to IS week: IS to $20 month. Frea baths; hot
and eo;d water every room: flr« grate*) la avary
recta; elevator runa all nUbt-