COPENHAGEN, April 19.— The Prince of Wales started homeward this morning. Previous to his de
parture all the members of the royal family went to Roskilde and visited the tomb of th© late Queen of
Denmark.
ALTO A, Prussia, April 19.— Emperor William arrived here unexpectedly to-day and cordially greeted
the Prince cf Wales, with whom he conversed for a considerable time while the Prince was waiting to con
tinue his journey homeward.
Express Agent Missing
FAIRHAVEN, Wash., April 19.— C. D.
Barlow, local agent of the Northern Pa
cific Express Company, has been missing
.«ince Tuesday nignt. and it is believed his
body lies at the bottom of Bellingham
Ray. whether as a result of foul play or
suicide cannot now be determined. Bar
low was known to have had a large
amount cf money on his person on the
night of his disappearance.
Military Law at Mafeking— Execution of a Native Spy.
The above picture taken from Black and White shows one cf saveral incidents that have occurred
since the siegs of Mafeking began. The victim was a native of the Stadt. the native quarter of the town,
who was known to have been for some time in the Boer camp. On being- questioned he confessed that he
was in Mafeking to get information as to the strength and resources of the garrison, and carry the infor
mation to the enemy. The execution took place at sunset, within sight of his home. Six men fired and
six balls struck him, four piercing his brain.
LADY SOMERVILLE THE
BRIDE OF EARL RUSSELL
Both Secured Divorces in Genoa, Nevada,
the Same Day in Order That They
Might Become Man and Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, April IH.-Earl Russell and Mollie Cook, or Bomerville. were mar
ried In Reno last Saturday. Tr.-day the fact came out that they both se
cured divorces in G<»noa last Saturday. It appears that the two were de
sirous of becoming man and wife, but a little obstacle in the way of an
rxistins: husband and wife stood ir. their way. and it was necessary for
them to live In the county s:x months before they could gain a residence and
petition for a dissolution «>f the bonds formerly contracted.
The records In Genoa show that Karl Russell was married in England some
ren years ajro, nmJ that a fov.- months after his wife deported htm. The divorce
was granted. Lady Somerville's oompiair.t contained the following allegations:
That she was married to Genrge John S-.merville at Aberdeen. Scotland, on the
twenty-third day of July, I\S?, and that she has been a true and faithful wife
ever that since the marriage and et divers times and days her husband
treated her with great cruelty and In an inhuman manner, without just cause
Th^rrfor; that since the marriage her husband has wrongfully and unjustly,
and without any cause, continually 111-treated, neglected and abused her minor
children, her maid and he- friends^ for the purpose of annoying her and mak
ing her condition wretched, thereby inflicting opon her grievous mental suffer
ir.g. which so afflicted ihe lady that nhe became pickand her health became greatly
impaired: thai in April. 1599. "while Mrs. SomeryiUe was at Cuba Cottage, Maid
enhead. England, with hrr minor children, the youngest. Goorge. was taken ill
with pneumonia and defendant cruelly and willfully neglected and ill-treated the
boy, refusing oven to come to his tx-dsiJe. although requested to do so. and re
fused to pay for the service? of the physicians and nurses; thnt in September, 1338,
¦while the plaintiff was in jrreat danger <>f her life from a violent attack of heart
trouble, her husband cruelly and unnaturally nbusM and neglected her. deny
ing her medical aid an<! by r.!s conduct caused her life to be greatly endangered.
All of which made her life st unendurable that on the 4th of July. IS9?. she cele
brated th<» declaration day by assertiner her Independence and refusing to live
*rith him further. "While home in E'iglan-1 rarly ir. February. ISIO. she waked
in bed and found her husband leaning over her and glnring savagely at her,
nnd he then nnrt tb*ro. without cause or provocation, cruelly gave her a great
thump on the chest to her great injury.
The statements made in the complaint w»re further borne out by documen
tary evidence from famous physicians nnd surgeons of England. The couple
departed fcr England the pair.? day and wore married in Reno. They probably
looked at the map and thought Nevada was about as far from London as they
could pet until th'Jr domestic affairs were regulated.
The rrnriial troubles of the Huss^lls commenced in the courts ir. 1891, when
the countess, who is toe daughter of the well-known Lady Scott, npplied for a
separation from her husband on the ground of cruelty, which was refused. Four
years later the same petition resulted In the defendant nobleman b?lng granted
a Judicial separation. But further litigation and cross-petition? followed, and
the litigation was endetl by thf Court of Appeal? refusing relief to both parties.
fa they .ir* 1 stil! legally married, so far as the English law? are concerned
LONDON. April 2d. — The Daily Chronicle, referring this morning to the an
nouncement of the marriage of Earl Russell to a daughter of »he late George
Cooke. of Combernauld, Scotland, says: "Miss Moilie Cooke first married a
Scotchman namM Watson, from whom she obtained a divorce. She then mar
ried George Somervllle. an electrician of Aberdeen. By Mr. Watson she had a
son and by Mr. Sorr.erville two daughters."
*"¦"¦¦¦•¦ . . #
UNDER THE .TITLE OF
"WITH NyyWBER THREE":
In Tof Morrow's CALL Be-
gins a Description of His
Experiences W ith the Troops
in South Africa.
PRINCE OF WALES STARTS
HOMEWARD FROM COPENHAGEN
Continued on Second Page.
ent the • military here are mainly occu
pied in collecting arms and arresting
rebels, but everything points to an early
resumption of activity." ..¦.-•
NO RESIGNATION YET.
LONDON. April 20.— The Lady-smith
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, in
a dispatch dated Wednesday, April 18,
says: "The news of the nature of the dis
patch of Lord Roberts to the War Office
regarding the Spion Kop operations has
created much comment locally, but no
resignations are yet mentioned."
An obscure message from Allwal North,
dated April 19, says that General Brabant
lias arrived there, but whether he return
ed alone or .with*, ht* troops, is npt clear.v';
Boer reports from AH vial : Ncrth" 1 "ay«"
that from 8000 to 10,000 Bot'rs are at Wep
ener.
Extended reports of the Bloemfontein
concert for the benefit of the widows and
orphans have been cabled. No less than
seven separate accounts have been pub
lished In London to-day.
The concert, the weather and the bare
statement that Lord Roberts is ready to
move are about the only things that ths
censor has allowed to pass, and the cor
respondent who announces that Lord
Roberts is ready to move does not specify
the direction in which he is going.
ONE ADVANTAGE OF RAIN.
BLOEMFONTEIN, April 19.— During
the last ten days there ha* been constant
rain, and an enormous quantity of water
has fallen. These conditions, although
extremely . uncomfortable so far as the
soldiers are concerned, have had their ad
vantages, for every dam in the country
around about is. filled and the question of
water, which hitherto during the march
of the army has been one of great diffi
culty. Is now practically solved.. The
troops will be able to move in any direc
tion with a certainty of finding a suffi
cient supply of water. •
The whole regular and volunteer drafts
have arrived, and the Highland Brigade is
now at its full strength.
Lady Roberts and her daughters have
arrived at Bloemfontein.
GRAB FOR DIAMOND MINES.
BERLIN, April 19.— The Deutsch Colo
nial Zeitung publishes a statement from
Dr. Passarge, the well-known German co
lonial, to the effect that the De Beers
Mining Company has secured a controll
ing Interest in the properties in the South
west African Company, on whose soil,
near Gibson,; Great Namaquala, diamond
blue clay beds have been found. ,
Dr. Passarge also asserts that the De
Beers Company will if possible prevent
the working of these new mines, fearing
competition and a fall in price. He calls
upon- the German members of the com
pany to tell- the full truth regarding the
matter, as there is . a prospect of grave
Injury to the Interests of the German col
ony in Southwest Africa,
TOURIST TRAVEL RESTRICTED.
LONDON, April 20.— 1n consequence of
Sir Alfred Milner's dispatch to Mr. Cham
berlain urging a cessation in the stream
of tourist travel, to ' South. Africa, the va
rious tourist companies have withdrawn
their prospectuses of trips to the South
African battlefields.
The Daily News says: "On the urgent
request of Lord Wolseley, implicit in
structions have been issued by the Gov
ernment for the restriction of travel to
the South African ports." '.'.'.'-',
IMPOSSIBLE PEACE RUMORS.
LONDON, April 20.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Morning Post, tele
graphing Wednesday/says: "This city of
canards has been breeding impossible
peace rumors during the last few days.
Every one now awaits eagerly the an
nouncement* of a renewed advance. The
latest arrivals cf remounts show an Im
provement on the earlier arrivals."
METHUEN WARNS CIVILIANS.
LONDON, April 20.— A dispatch to the
Morning , Post ,. from Klmberley, dated
Wednesday, says: i"Lord Methuen has is
sued a proclamation forbidding civilians
to carry arms without military permits,
and ordering rebels .to surrender all ser
viceable modern arms by May 6. At pres-
LONDON', April 20. 4:10 a. m— A
deluge of rain lasting ten days, has
brought the operations in the
southeastern part of the Free State
pnwJfC to & standstill. The creeks
have become roaring rivers and the roads
are streams of mud.
A singular message dated Eloemfonteln,
April ISj 10:55 a. m., and beginning "Via
press censor, Bloemfontein,'. 1 reports an
exchange of shots in the direction of
Dewetsdorp. where the Boers are said to
be concentrating "after their withdrawal
from Wepener."
There is nothing else to indicate that
the Investment of Wepener has been
abandoned by the Boers. Notwithstand
ing the rain, however, the British have
made some progress, as Dewetsdorp has.
been occupied by them, probably by the
advance ' of General Rundle's division.
Dewetsdorp is about twenty-four miles
from Wepener.
PREPARING FOR BATTLE.
LONDON. Apr!! !<.>.— The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle,
trlr^raphing Thursday, says: "The requi.
File remounts and equipment* have ar
rived and all the infantry divisions are
iintr supplied with tents. The Boers in
the immediate neighborhood are quiet, but
both nidf-s are steadily preparing for the
earring struggle. Lord Roberts is now
ready. Several lots of concealed arms and
ftmpranltton have been discovered her?
this* wrek. The epidemic of enteric fev^r
MESSENGER SMITH IN PARIS
PARIS. April CO. 4 a. m.— L* Journal an
nounces the arrival in Paris to-day of
James Franris Smith, the American dis
trict telegraph boy, who is bearing to
President Kruqer a message of sympathy
Imm Philadelphia and New York school
boy?.
RUSSIAN PRINCE KILLED.
WNDOK, April 20.— A dispatch to the
Daily Nerni from Pretoria, dated Monday.
April 10. Fays: "Prince Baratrion Mor
eralT. a Ruffian nobleman, was killed at
the same time as General de Villebois
MarfUU -"
RISING OF THE TRIBES.
ACCRA. Gold Coast Colony. West Af
rica. April 19.— The Governor. Sir Mitchell
Hodgson, wires from Kumnssie that the
other tribes are rising again and he asks
for assistance. The loyal Bekuis have
been attacked by ihe Ashantis and 509
have been killed. It Is feared that this
will compel them to join the rebellion.
Evidently the matter is t-xtremely se
rious and was minimized until it was too
late.
BOERS MEET WILHELMINA.
THE HAGUE. April I?.— The Boer Peace
Commissioners, headed by Dr. Leyds. had
an audirnce with Queen Wilhelmina this
afternoon, lasting a quarter of an hour.
The delegate* apparently were much grat
ified by the affability of her Majesty. Sub
sequently they were received in private
audience by the Queen Mother.
British Press Censors at Home and
Abroad Prevent News From South
Africa Being Made Public.
ROBERTS' MOVEMENTS
VEILED IN MYSTERY
ACCUSED OF MURDER
OF DANIEL H. WILSON
. J. Owens Arrested in Yoh County and
Charged With a Crime That Shocked
Suisun Valley in 1896.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, April 19.— Sheriff George H. Savage arrived from Mad
ison, Yolo County, late this evening, having in charge a man
named T. J. Owens, -whom the officer firmly believes is the mur
derer of Daniel H. Wilson, the Suisun Valley crchardist, who was as
sassinated at the door of his home on the night of October 9, 1896. Ths
arrest was made on the ranch of J. B. Jones, near Madison, at 1:30
o'clock to-day, Sheriff Frank P. Grace of Sonoma County and District
Attorney F. R. Devlin of Solano County being with Sheriff Savage at
the time and accompanying him by team to the jail here. The accused
man is a resident of Healdsburg and had bsen in Yolo County but a few
days. He is the husband of Mrs. Lucy Owens, who was housekeeper for
Wil%m at the time he was murdered.
Sheriff Grace furnished the information that led up to the arrest,
and although the officers would not give out any of the facts this even
ing they admitted that they have evidence in their possession that will
convict Owens. They volunteered the information that on the morning
of October 8, 1896, Owens left his home in Healdsburg driving a horse
and cart, and did not return until late on the night of October 10. He
carried with him a double-barreled, muzzls-ioading shotgun of No. 10
bore. The officers have the gun in their possession and Owens admits its
ownership. Wilson was killed with hand-mada buckshot, and Owens
owned a bullet mold that molded the same size bullets a3 wars found
in Wilson's body. The officers al3o said that Owens had made some
damaging admissions sines his arrest. A few days after the killing of
Wilson, Mrs. Wilson, her sister and two brothers-in-law were placed
under arrest, but were discharged at the preliminary examination. In
January, 1899, Mrs. Addie Wilson, wifs of the murdered man, her
mother, Mrs. E. Dickinson, and the latter's son, W. J. Miller, were
arrested and charged with the crime. They, too, were discharged at
the preliminary examination. Sheriff Savage and District Attorney Dev
lin feel confident that the mystery surrounding the murder of Daniel H.
Wilson will soon be cleared up and the assassin brought to justice.
Murder of Daniel H. Wilson.
The arrest of Owens is the third act in
one of the darkest tragedies ever enacted
in the history of Solano County, when
Daniel H. Wilson, an aged rancher, was
shot dead on the threshold of his own
door, on the night of October 0, ISOG, by
an unknown assassin.
After over two years of patient investi
gation one W. J. Miller of Vallejo, a
brother-in-law of the murdered man's di
vorced wife, toward whom suspicion
strongly pointed, was arrested on Janu
ary 11. 1830. and formally charged with
the crime, but a judicial Investigation se
cured his discharge. The officers did not
quit the hunt, but began to follow a trail
leading in another direction and are now
sure that they have caught th^ .guilty
man. The suspicions, which caused the
arrest of W. J. Miller and the pertinency
of the arrest of Owens, at this time, to
ward solving the mystery of the murder
will be better understood from the follow
ing details of the facts of the case, which
were given exclusively in The Call of
January 11 of last year:
Daniel H. Wilson was a rough, ignorant
old man. who lived on his farm and fruit
ranch, five miles out from Suisun. In
ISO 3 he and his wife separated after a
quarrel and later were divorced. Th»
community property was divided, the old
man retaining his ralch, and the wife
went to live with her mother, Mr 3. E. G.
Dickinson, and 11. W. McEwen. on the
latter's ranch, not far from the Wilson
place.
They had two children, and by agree
ment one of them, a boy, remained with
the father and the other, a girl, went with
the mother.
Motives for the Crime.
After his wife left him. Wilson employed
a "housekeeper" to look after his domes
tic affairs, or, rather, a series of them, for
not one seemed to enjoy the situation
enough or to suit his fancy well enotish
to rercaln for any great length of time.
On? of the first of the. series of "house
keepers" was a Mrs. Virgle O'Brien, for
whom Wilson seems to have entertained
a strong liking. She left him after a
time, against his desire, and hrr place was
filled hy a Mrs. Lucy Owens (the same
name as that of the man ju.st arrested),
who was with him at the time of hia
death. Mrs. Owens kept with her dur-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 151.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Attempted Assassination of the Prince of Wales at the Gare dv
. Nord, Brussels.
From the Daily-Graphic.
Men, Women and Evidence in the Wilson Murder Case.Collins Held.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 19.— Robert Collins,
who was recently arrested In San Fran
cisco for assisting In the robbery of $5000
from the First Natlonalßank of Seattle,
was given a hearing this morning, as was
also his alleged accomplice,' Kid Parker.
They were both bound over to court and
sent to Jail In default of $15,000 bail each.
Commission Confirmed.
r WASHINGTON, April 19.— The Senate
to-day confirmed H.H. Folsom of Alaska
to be a Commissioner in and for the Dis
trict of Alaska.
CHILDREN'S DAY AT
THE PARIS EXPOSITION
Thousands of Little Ones Throng the
Fair Grounds and Enjoy
Their Holiday.
£pecial cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. WOO, by the Herald Pub
lifehinc Company.
; PARIS, April 20.— 1t was Children's day
at the Exposition yesterday. Thursday
Is the day in Paris on which the schools
.have a holiday and the result was that
thousands of families poured into the
grounds. The general character of the
exhibition, however, showed little or no
change. The grounds were invaded by
thousands of workmen, and nothing was
heard but the sounds of hammers and
saws. Electric lighting apparatus is go
fng up everywhere, and in a few days'
time i'Esplanade dcs Invaiides, le Champ
de Mars and 1_ Rue dcs Nations will be
thoroughly well illuminated.
The greatest amount of progress has
been made in the foreign pavilions. That
of Russia is ready, and that of Roumania
will open its doors within another twenty
four hours. The United States will re
quire about another week to complete,
and England will only be about twenty
four hours behind.
The second ofliclal inauguration took
place yesterday. The llrst was that of
the Russian pavilion and the second was
the opening of an exhibition in the hor
ticultural sections. It was carried out by
M. Millerand. Minister of Commerce, and
C. J- Dean. Minister of Agriculture. They
were received on their arrival at 10 o'clock
in the morning by M. Picard, M. Gauthier,
architect of the monumental conserva
tories building. In which the exhibition Is
held, and the members of the jury. After
the Ministers had inspected the exhibition,
the jury commenced their duties. A mag
nificent exhibition, from the Crimea, by
the Imperial Horticultural Society of Rus
sia, was greatly admired.
Dispatches from Copenhagen state that
the Crown Prince and Princess have de
cided to pay a visit to the Exposition.
Telegrams to the French press from
Rome also announce that the Prince of
the royal family, perhaps, and even the
Crown Prince, will pay an official visit to
Paris in July or August next.
Work Is being pushed rapidly at the
Chateau d'Eau, or the water palace,
which will play a great role among the
attractions of the Exposition, especially
when the fetes de nult are given.
Raisin Growers Act.
SpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. April 19.— A large xaass-meet
\v.k of raisin-growers to-day resolved
unanimously to exterminate the commer
cial packers and support the Packers'
Association, organized under the direction
of President Kearney.
PAULIST PRIESTS COMMENT
UPON REPORTED DECREE
Do Not Believe the Pope Has Issued
an Chrder Referring to Politics .
of Catholic Orders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Rev. Father
Elliott, provincial of the Order of Paulists
of the United States, was asked to-day
concerning the reported decree of the
Pope that "hereafter no religious congre
gation will be permitted to take any part
in politics." This decision is binding
upon Catholics all over the world, includ
ing American Paulists and others. R&v.
Father Elliott said:
"I have received no notice or Informa
tion and I think the report must be an
error. Some have attacked the Paulists
before this, but I cannot understand what
possible grounds they can have for mak
ing such a petition. 1 cannot recall- a
single instance when a Paullst priest in
any manner figured in politics. We are
missionaries and do not seek to make
Presidents, but make Christians."
The pastor of one of the largest congre
gations In Washington said:
"This report has created much Indigna
tion among the priests of this city and.it
is the general belief that It originated
among the enemies of the Paullst Fath
ers."
PRESIDENT AND MRS.
M cKINLEY TAKE SHORT TRIP
Visit Paterson, N. J., Where They
"Will Be the Guests of Mrs. Ho
bart for a Few Days.'
PATERSON, N. J., April 19.— President
and Mrs. McKinley, Mrs/ Hobart, widow
of the late Vice President, her son. Gar
ret A. Hobart. and the President's sec
retaries. Cortelyou and Barnes, arrived
here at 3:50 this afternoon. As the train
passed Park avenue it slowed down and
the President appeared on the platform
and bowed repeatedly to the crowd which
had assembled there and which cheered
enthusiastically. The party alighted from
their car at the Broadway station.
Mr. and Mrs. McKinley and Mrs. Ho
bart entered the Hobart carriage and
were driven to Carroll Hall, Mrs. Ho
bart's residence. The President and hlsi
wife will be the guests of Mrs. Hobart
until Saturday morning, when they will
leave for New York. To-morrow night
they will probably attend the fair at the
armory.
ITALY MUCH INTERESTED
IN CROTON DAM RIOTS
Embossador Baron Fava Requests
the State Department to Ade
quately Protect Aliens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Italy Is very
much concerned over the Croton dam
riots. Baron Fava, Italian Embassador,
requested the State Department several
days ago that adequate protection be af
forded Italian subjects and their interests
at Croton Landing. The State Depart
ment transmitted his communication to
Governor Roosevelt, 'asking him to take
further action. An official of the depart
ment said the general Government could
not Interfere with occurrences taking
place wit hJn the boundaries of a sovereign
State, provided there was no Interference
with Federal business. The department
Is satisfied that the presence' of troopi
will show that the Government Is dojns
all in Its power to protect' aliens. '
Ing her stay at the Wilson ranch Mrs.
Ada Rice, her niece, and her brother, John
Hanchard, was at times a visitor at the
place, being often seen loafing and idling
around
Wilson had never ceased his efforts to
have Mrs. Virgie O'Brien return to him
as "housekeeper," and a short time be
fore his death he had succeeded In get
ting her promise to do so. The induce
ment was that he would deed to her the
ranch his sole remaining property. The
announcement of his intentions was made
some days before to Mrs. Owens and the
other inmates, and on October 10 the
change of "housekeepers" was to be
made. Mrs. Owens was to be superseded
by Mrs O'Brien. The news of the change>
and the proposed disposition of his prop
erty was carried by their son to his
mother at the McEwen ranch, and cre
ated great consternation, as she had
hoped that the property would fall to her
son on the death of the father, and again
be a home for herself and children. These
people and one, W. J. Miller, a brother of
Mrs. Wilson, living in Vallejo. were all
that v.-^re known to be connected wltn
the affair.
Story of the Killing.
On the morning of October 9 old man
Wilson went to Sulsun to collect the
money for his almond crop, which had
been shipped and sold, returning about
7 p. m. He had paid off and discharged
his three hands, parting with them on the
best of terms, and was alone on the ranch
with Mrs. Owens and her niece, Mrs.
Rice. After eating his dinner he sat
down to make up his accounts for the
season and the two women retired to their
apartments to spend their last night in
the house. All was quiet, when suddenly
something struck the door with a dull
sound. Wilson started up. but soon re
sumed his work. The sound was repeated,
and soon after Mrs. Owens, scantily at
tired came down from her room and went
toward the door. She remarked that she
was going after some water and that
some mischief maker must be at his
pranks. Wilson replied that if any more
clods were thrown his answer would ba
with a shotgun. He offered to get tho
water, but Mrs. Owens said no. and. open
ing the door, disappeared In the darkness.
A moment later Wilson followed her. as
she swore, without her knowledge. She
got the" water, returned to the house and
closed the door. A moment later she
heard Wlison say, "Don't lock me out,
Lucy." She opened the door, and as the
light fell upon the old man as he stood
before it there was the flash and report
of a gun from the darkness, and Wilson
fell forward dead across his own thresh
old, shot through the breast. The alarn.
was spread, and within an hour neigh
bors had gathered, and when daylight
came careful investigation of the grounds
was made for tracep of the assassin.
Tracks were found In the soft ground of
the orchard, but lost at the bridge on Its
edee, where he had mounted a horse and
ridden away. The Coroner's Inquest
brought out many facts, but not so con
nected as to form a chain of material evi
dence.
Mrs. Owens and her brother. John
Hanchard, were arrested on suspicion,
but soon after discharged for lack of
evidence. Mrs. Wilson, the divorced wife
of the murdered man, with her brother,
W. J. Miller, her mother. Mrs. Dickinson,
and McEwen were all under suspicion for
the time, but for want of tangible proof
the officers did not feel justified In mak
lne a formal charge and were at a stand
still. Thpn Governor Budd offered a re
ward of 5300, to which the Sheriff of So
lano County added $200 and quiet de
tective work was begun In earnest by a
number of persons. The ca«e sepmed
Fhroudfd In mystery, however, and the
numerous clews led to nothing until Jan
uary 11, I*o9. when W. J. Miller, the
brother of Mr«. Wilson, was 'arrested at
Vallcio as the murderer.. The following
day Mrs. Wilson and her mother were
also arrestf d an accomplices. A motive
was .found In thedeslre to prevent th«
diversion of the old man's property from
his children and a strong caße of clr«
cumPtantlal evidence was made against
th« accused. In the examining trial be
fore the court at Falrfleld. however. Mil
ler succeeded In fully establishing an
aUbl.f^nd <he ca«e against them was,dis
missed. Llystery again settled down over
the aftalr and most people began to be
lieve it to be one of the things that would
never bo known. Not so, however, for
Sheriff Savage ar.d his co-workers, who
have hung on to the new scent and now
think they have captured the real as
sassin.
ACCUSED OF MURDER
OF DAMIEL H. WILSON
Continued from First Page,
MINISTER STRAUS
CRITICIZED BY
ALI FERROUH
Representative of Turkey
Says International Law
Was Violated.
Informed at the State Department
That Matters Are Serious and
the Incident Should Be Bis
posed Of at Once.
.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, April 19.-
Accordlng to diplomats In Washingtoi,
who are acquainted with official sentiment
In Turkey, Minister Straus" declaration
this morning respecting the failure of the
Sultan to keep his promise In the matter
of the settlement of Turkish claims will
undoubtedly make him persona non grata
to the sublime Porte.
All Ferrouh Bey, Turkish ' Minister to
the United States, will not discuss this de
velopment of the diplomatic tangle be
tween the two countries, but he is In
dignant that any reflection should be cast
upon the word of his sovereign.
"I was very much surprised," he said,
"to read the declaration made by Minister
Straus that the Sultan had promised to
pay claims and had failed to do so. The
Sultan entertained a high regard for Mr.
Straus and the latter had many other
friends in the empire. Mr. Straus Is still
the representative of the United States
accredited to the sublime Porte. How can
he be justllied In making such a public
declaration when he Is acting in a diplo
matic capacity? Tt Is a violation of in«
ternatlonal law. I cannot perniit any one
to impugn the word of my sovereign. You
may be sure that if the Sultan had given
his promise to pay the claims they would
have been settled. I never heard of any
promises."
Minister Ferr ouh visited the State De
partment to-day and called the attention
of Acting Secretary Hill to the newspaper
reports. Hill gave the Minister to under
stand that negotiations had reached a
serious stage and that the United States
incident should' be promptly disposed of.
BOOK PUBLISHING TRUST
MAY SOON BE FORMED
Rumors That Efforts Are Being Made
to Combine the Harpers and
Appletons.
' NEW YORK. April 19.— The Evening:
Post to-day says: Inquiry was made to
day concerning a report that the publish
ing houses of Harper & Bros, and D. A.
Appleton & Co., both of which lately fail
ed, might be combined under one man
agement. It was said that G. B. M. Har
vey, now the financial head cf the Harp
ers, would become the head of the reor
ganized Appletons. It was further said
that this move would be the first step
toward the formation of'a book publish
ing trust, that within a few months all
the large concerns would be united, to de
crease the cost of production and do away
altogether with competition In the repro
duction of European successes. Such a
trust could dictate terms to news com
panics and the reputable retail firms. Mr.
Harvey has been In Europe for six weeks,
but is expected back the first week In
May.
One of his representatives In the Harp
ers establishment said the idea of a union
between that house and the Appleton
house was "all in the air." There had
not been any conference on the subject
between any representatives of the two
concerns. It was true, however, that such
a project had been talked about In the
book-publishing circles, and more espe
cially In Wall street. There had been
similar Indeflninte talk of forming a great
book trust. Shortly before Mr. Harper
went to Europe he was approached by
representatives of an Important publish
ing house in this city, not the Appletons,
with a view to an amalgamation of that
concern with the Harpers. This was
practically a matter of an indefinite prop
osition to sell out, but nothing was set
tled about it one way or the other.
hold, but also bears a willing and efficient
hand In useful public enterprises.
Mrs. P. F. Roaches particular sphere of
action is the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union, to which she Is very devoted
and for which she makes many personal
sacrifices. She possesses executive abil
ity in a marked degree and is successful
in whatever she undertakes.
Mrs. Marie Hicks-Lee has but recently
retired from newspaper work to assume
the congenial duties of a housewife and
very well content she Is In view of the
new sphere of living and yet she find time
for pursuing studies of Shakespeare and
for keeping up with the times, especially
In politics and statecraft.
Miss Mabel Smith Is a young lady with
marked musical ability and she cherishes
the honorable ambition of -becoming ex
ceptionally proficient in music and she
has had a thorough course of Instruction
and willingly gives to home benevolences
the aid she can with hand and voice.
TULARE, April 19.— The Floral Car
nival has been opened and is now In
full swing. From the first Its suc
cess was assured and the ladies who
worked so unselfishly for it are be-
Ir.g praised on every hand. Most promi
nent among the workers were Mrs. Agnes
Roche. Mrs. R. T. McMillan, Mrs. P. P.
Wood, Mrs. Ada Kruse. Mrs. C. S. Nice
wonpe'r. Mrs. L. L. Abercrombie, Mrs.
Marie Hicks-Lee and Miss Mabel Smith.
All have done their share, not only for
the Floral Carnival, but wherever the
hand of a public-spirited woman was
needed to engineer a local enterprise they
have willingly offered their aid. The
town holds them in the highest regard
and each Is a leading light in her own pe
culiar circle. '¦'* '¦"'¦';¦! ¦"-'
Mrs Ada Kruse is the president and
leading spirit in the Bach Piano Club, an
P. L. Flannagan, O. J. Smith. "W. W. WH
liams and R. L. Fulton. The selection o>
a national committeeman was left to th»
State Central Committee, also the naminsr
of the time and place of holding the State
convention.
Quartet of Tulare Women Whose Work for the Floral Carnival
Is Highly Appreciated.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
MONTGOMERY, Ala., April 20.— The
Republican convention, which met to-day,
resulted in the predicted Bplit and two
delegations will be sent to the national
convention. There were stormy scenes at
the Capitol prior to the meeting of the
convention and the result was the serious
wounding of Gaston Scott, a young white
man, by.Grantc L. Moragne of Gadsden,
who bad been chosen sergeant-at-arms of
the convention by the executive commit
tee.
The contending factions, having failed
to agree upon a chairman, the State Com
mittee, by a vote of 17 to 10, decided to
name the temporary officers of the con
vention and to prepare a temporary roll
of the delegates. Upon this action being
taken, State Chairman Vaughan and nine
others left the committee meeting and se
cured possession of the hall of the House
of Representatives, where the convention
was called to meet.
The majority of the committee, after
naming their temporary officers, attempt
ed to capture the hall. In the struggle at
the door Maragne, .who had* been named
for aergeant-at-arms oy the committee,
drew a revolver and fired three shots at
Gaston Scott, two of them taking effect.
Moragne ran Into the Governor's office,
pursued by a brother of Scott, who fired
two shots down the corridor of the State
House.
In the Governor's office both Maragne
and Scott were disarmed, and then Gov
ernor Johnston closed the State House
against both facttons.
On Cflng expelled from the Capitol, the
anti-Vaughan faction organized. The
credentials committee reported 2">9 dele
gates present out of a total of 332.
M. De Wlckersham, District attorney;
A, N. Johnston (colored). Mobile: D. N.
Cooper of Marion and J. C. Leftwlch (col
ored), Receiver of Public Moneys of Mont
gomery, were selected as delegates to the
national convention. A number of
speeches wero made, all praising the Mc-
Kinley administration.
By the Vaughan followers B. W. Walk
er, C. "W. Buckley, N. Alexander (colored)
and G. \V. Lovejoy (colored), were elect
ed delegates to the national convention.
Pretty Fete Planned and Managed by Coterie of
Ladies Who Willingly Gave Their Time and
Talents to the Enterprise.
ARMY OFFICERS
WILL REMAIN
IN PORTO RICO
Senate Passes Joint Resolu
tion Introduced by
Foraker.
Investigation Will Be Mads of the
Eeport T_at Military Rulers
Also Draw Salaries as
Civil Governors.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— 1n acccrd
tinc- with tl.e rccomrnendation of the
President in his intfesage sen: to Congress
>< sicrday, the Senate tc-day pass<-d a
joint resolution providing for the admin
istration of civil affairs in Porto Rico,
pending the app<iniraer.t of officers under
the Porto llican government law recently
enccted.
The Alaskan civil code bill was aguin
under consideration, the debate continu
ing 0:1 the Han*brough alien miners
itmendment.
Carter presented formally ris substitute
lor the tL— ntbrooC- amendment and de
livered a tpetch in support of it. Spooner
i.niag-omzeu both the original and sub
s-muie aineritlmentb, uojuing that the
courts out ¦• to uettJe the conriictir.y
claims uunout interiLrcr.ee oj- Congress.
At the conclusion of the routine business
}-oraKer, cna.ii man of the Committee en
Porto Kico, called up the joint resolution
introduced yesterday providing lor vie
BCU&untuation of evil uifairs in i'orto
ruco peoai_s tiie appointment of perm — -
ljtT.t oJticiais under the recently passed
i-oito Kico iaw, no temporary app-Jini
:aent to extend in tenure beyond August
1, liW).
Alter Foraker had answered a few
questlor.K as to the operation of the meas
ure Chi u idler expressed the hope that the
fc>enators wcu;d introduce resolutions of
inquiry if tney oesired information and
permit the pe&dtn S resolution to pass.
la response to this thrusi Tillman of
fc'outh Carolina made «. characteristic
speech and drew a picture of tne inaugu
ration of Governor Allen of Porto Hico 011
t_»y L
' We are," paid he. "to have a grand
|._g_cant on Hay 1, when the new Govern
(T is to be inaugurated. This inaugura
tion is to take place with the greatest
ceremony ever teen in any part of the
United States. 1 imagine that the pur
pose of this display is to impress the isl
anders with the grandeur and greatness
«>f the United States as well as to impress
the people of the United States with the
new policy of imperialism.
"After a while, of course, we will have
another Governor cent to the Philippines
and he will Ite ot so much greater impor
tance than the Governor of the little is!
end of Porto Rico that I suppose he must
have the navy escort him across the Pa
cilic and must have umbrellas held over
him like the Bey of Algiers and the Sul
tan of Morocco. We will have him at
tended by our subject princes in the Sulu
archipelago, with Mahometan body
guaraa ai;d all th^ sort of thing. If that
Is the purpose of Keeping these army offi
cer* in Porto Rico I will interpose no ob
s-ttcle to the passage of the resolution."
Bacon of Georgia inquired whether
"United States army officials were in re
ceipt of salaries as civil officials in addi
tion to their pay as army officers.
Foraker replied that the army officers
were prohibited by law from accepting
such additional pay.
Bacon said, wnile he had no definite in
forrr.ation on the subject, he had under
stood that some army officers were re
ceiving large salaries In addition to their
¦regular nay.
Chandler thought Mr. Bacon's state
ment was very important. If it were true
Congress oucht to know It. He, there
fore, suggested that Bacon offer a reso
lution of inquiry as to the subject.
Bacon, in the course of some remarks,
paid he had understood it to be the pur
pose of The leaders of the dominant party
In Congress to adjourn early In June and
drew the f!r» of Platt of Connecticut, who,
lifter expressing his obligation to Bacon
for informing the Senate when Congress
¦would adjourn, was about to proceed,
•when Bacon interrupted that his infor- !
mation came from the newspapers, which
stated that the leaders of the dominant
party had been Informed by the Presi
dent of his desire for an early adjourn
ment.
Platt replied with tome heat that he
was not aware that the President ex
pressed his desires through the news
papers.
'•1 think I ought to say," said Platt
"that whatever the President may think
about the wisdom of an early adjourn
ment with due regard to the business of
the country, so far as 1 know the views
of Senators, they are all In favor of an
early adjournment and I think, so far
as I know the sentiment of the country
that the people will be glad to have us
edjourn even before June."
. "I think the Senator is entirely correct."
eaid Bacon. "Nothing can be done at this
session of Congress except by the domi
nant party, and the less work it does
the better. And the sooner we adjourn
without doing more of that work the
greater the gratification of the country
will be." (Lauphter. )
"I think, on the contrary." said Hawley
wf Connecticut, "that the country expects
us to remain here to do whatever Is nec
essary and important."
The measure was then passed without
division.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
WOMEN WHO MADE TULARE'S
FLORAL CARNIVAL A SUCCESS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE
FOR ONj^ WEEK!
Think of Selling gpi
A Shoe 1 I
Like This M 1
THIS WEEK ONLY!
Four styles LADIKS' TAX LACE turr.a. vest-
ins or cloth tops, new coin toe, concave
. heel. Regularly $3 00.
ALSO
! MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S TAN—
Goat Button Shoes. Regular 51".
Sizes. 11-2 * I -A-
Sizes, 8-l<Hi !) -*
MISSES' KANGAROO BUTTON-
Shoes. Regular "— ]:"
Sizes, 11-2 •»•»
NEW SPRfNG STYLES.
LADIES' SWELL PATENT LEATHER—
Lace Shoes for walking or dresa.
leather or LXV heels, kid or cloth^_
tops *.».<M>
Gents' Tan Lace Shoes, extension
•ole. for walking * t.OO, $«».00
fIISE SHOES,
830-832-834 Market St., S. F.
fw I will pruarantee
|^| that my Rheumatism
Cere will relieve lum-
fe bago. sciatica and all
vw*»rt rheumatic pains in
two or three honrs,
*;'if -nd cure ia a few
$ ay "* MUNYON.
jj_ At all druzuisfs,
?£jW 25c. a vial. Guide
ty~J to Health and medi-
al' cal advice free,
i I 1505 Arch at.. P-iht.
;j ,
VOfflHffDL
\M\^ TRUSS
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HI3 WORLD-RENOWN SD
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. PWrce gave to
• the public the mot remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment ot Her-
I rt» or Rapture. Thousands of sufferer* har»
I been permanently relieved and radically CCR2D
i by this great appliance, and thousands of c;r.-> : »
•re now on th« road to complete recovery. This
Truss la different from all others. It does th«
You can ret our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
ing at the a'.r.ct. or It will ba sent on receipt .if
a t-cent stair to. It tells all about thLa Trusa.
A MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C_l» .Market Street fOx>po«!t* Palaca Hotel).
Sao Francisco. jl
—-stern Office— New York City. V
Q STRICTLY
RELIABLE
DR. TALCOTT
Zt co.
t/ V>Co^v Diseases and Weak-
7 A^kS*^ nesses of
TOf> MEN oNLY -
\jry/ // 997 Market Bt. Cor. «t_
I J Entire Upp«r Flocr.^
f DR.PEERC-S '
€»€_>_. ©EN
MEDICAL.
__£' Sm «'7*>J "> i^^n r* \f !__> _( uk U
FOR THE
1 BIQOP.LIVER.BJJiMGS.
REYNOLD'S
i Goutorßheumatlsm.ifo-tliefirstapproaeh
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rem-
; edy ; then, a single dose is often sufficient.
F- VUI'G EHA A CO.. 30-3O „. William SC.W.Ji
i ji'_4 l fis2B9_$ > «M_r B! < Oli a coi-potfrr— sa
l <<'_^fi^^"'QM4 remedy for Gonorrhea
! Cl-et, Spermatorrhoea
A, Jxv/lal_64«j».VlJ xv/lal_64«j». VI unnatar.»l !i>
i-%_r Oux—iued y charges, or any ia3.-~< m*.
. fl"*>9 no* to Mrlotan. tion,, irritation or mcer^
fr^jj^frwants o»u— gl«a. tlou cf Bacons mesa.
gS# VHEEMH3 Chemxu C» *>»»•«. Noo-*«trta«»n_
V_^ cINa "»*T».o.RS3B Sold D * i>nurxi»u,
wPvAI n"• x JFSnT ot • en * ln plain wrapper,
*H_*iVJ* "J_>V<i b T «xpre«a. crcpail. fu(
%SQS^g^^il il-CO. «r 3 bottla*. *3.7_
D _>TTO_J_7Q F°R BARBERS. BAK-
_s_\ M _}__.__!_) '»¦ bootblack*. t>ath-
;j** w *"' houses, billiard tablea.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, it*-
¦ blemen. tar-roofers. ta_ ners. tailors. «tc
j BUCHANVi BKOS..
', Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 5t
i ,, — ¦
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITT-K3. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 322 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
' catalogues and Price Lists Mail 3 1
on Application.
COAL. COKB AND PIQ IKOX
f r U'H SnV * fft * 0 ° B*"* 1 " Street.
J'Kr I>LL2UrI U LU-.TtlepOone Mala ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JDPE-H FOX SOP- H. BLYTH. M«r.
C XL T CWITH Sn! ? Plumblns. Steamboat
t- !T- J.lUlll. and Ship Work a Specialty. 11
! *&6 IS Wasbincton *t. Telephone Main MU.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
T4^ RAYF^kYfft Shipping Butcher*. 104
JA> _UIC3I_ LU-, ciay. TeL Main IIM.
ii ______ —————__—________________.
; PAPER DEALERS.
¦ WII I AMFTTF I ' ULi * and paper ca.
nlLLrti.lCl 1C ~jj Montgomery *_
i PMINTIttJ.
I r r Rl'nnFs printer.
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
T "c£.. hto PARTRIDGE -<»_%_"* f
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, && N E E ___&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its OREE.V
RIVKR COLLIERIES, ia the Best Coal la —\»
I tanks- Offlct -ad Yard*— iM Mala strwt
________________H__M_M_A__M____a________
A Stanford University man
who went to the Philippines
in an infantry company of
college men gives his own
personal experiences as a pa-
tient in the military hospital
at ' Manila. This article will
appear . in next Sunday's Call
and will give you a better idea
of what these men suffered
than any other account ever
published.
organization of many years' standing, and
which has been the means of giving many
apt pupils good musical advantages.
Mrs. C. S. Nicewonger's work has been
largely educational, she having ' taught
with marked success for a number of
years in the city schools and she has car
ried Into her domestic and social life the
same zeal for culture that characterized
her work in the schoolroom. ?>lrs. L. L.
Abercrombie, sister to Mrs. Nicewonger,
is a young woman wIMi marked executive
ability and when she takes hold of such
a public enterprise as the Floral Carnival
she permits no flagging in her department
of work until the work is done. She is
secretary of the woman's committee .of
the carnival.
Mrs. P. V. Wood has spent a number of
years in school work and now that she
has shifted her sphere of action to .domes
tic life she does not feel called -upon, as
so many do, to retire from the world and
devote " herself altosether to the house-
McKINLE Y
IS INDORSED
BY NEVADANS
Republican Convention at
Reno Passes Off
Oil 1 of 1 T7
Platform Favors the Building of the
• ..Kicaraguan Canal and Election...
¦»-¦ of Senators by Direct
VoTft
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON. Nev.. April 19.— The Republi
can convention for the selection of dele
gates to the National Convention was
held In this city to-day and passed off
without factional fighting. Ex-Governor
Colcord called the meeting to order.
¦William McMillan was chosen permanent
chairman and Ed Vanderleith secretary.
The committee on declaration of prin
ciples framed resolutions indorsing the
McKinley administration, declared for the
policy of expansion as outlined by the ad
ministration and, in conclusion, says:
"We favor the construction of the Nica
ragua canal; the largest use of both gold
and silver as a money; the election of
United States Senators at the polls; pass
age of United States amendments pro
hibiting lotteries, prize-fights and bull
baiting:, "and declare for the development
of arid lands by the Government."
The following delegates were named for
the National Convention: M. C. McMillan,
The platform indorses President McKm
ley's administration; commends Congress
for passing the currency act, and the
President for his "endeavors to stop the
war in South Africa," and for "aid ex
tended to the people of Porto Rico.'
DEWEY SAYS THAT
"HE NEVER SAID IT."
"WASHINGTON, April 19.— 1n reply to a
letter from the editor of the Hamilton
Democrat, Hamilton, Ohio, relative to a
paragraph which has been going the
rounds of the newspapers, Admiral Dewey
to-day sent the following communication:
WASHINGTON, April 19. '1300.— Dear Sir: I
am In receipt of your letter of the 17th lnst..
asking If I am correctly reported as saying:
"Well, I'll tell you what a Democrat Is: In
time of war a Democrat I* a damned traitor:
In time of peace he is a damned fool." In
reply I have to state that this Is one of the
thousands of lies uttered concerning me, to
attempt to contradict all of which would re
quire more time than Is at my command.
However, since you extend the opportunity it
gives me pleasure to state that I have never
said or thought of such a thing as the fore
going statement accredited to me. I have a
very fond remembrance of thousands and tens
of thousands of "war Democrats" whom I
knew, and who are some of the best fighters
this country ever saw. Very truly yours.
GEORGE DEWEY.
Homer Gard. Esq., Hamilton Democrat,
Hamilton. Ohio.
Delegates to Los Angeles.
Sr^clal Dispatch to The Call
PLACERVILLE. April 19.— The Placer
ville Republican League Club last nipht
elected the following: delegates to the
State Convention of Republican League
Clubs, which convenes in Los Angeles on
April 27: Hon. C. A. Swlster. F. F. Barsa,
G. TV. McKee, N. \V. Mountain and D. G.
Carr. The McKinley Republican Club of
Coloma, the oldest political club in the
county, has selected t'.ie following dele
gates: W. H. Valentine, Thomas Steph
enson. Clarke Howard, A. F. Anable and
Charles A. Rasmussen.
BLOOD SPILLED
AT A CONVENTION
Stormy Scenes at the Assembling
of Republicans in Alabama, and
a Shooting Affray Results.
•— — :
Contending Factions Fail to Agree Upon a Chair
man and Two Delegations Will Be Sent to
the National Convention.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Dromo Quinine Tableta. All
«nyritißt« refund the money. If It _U1» U» ear*.
*. W. Grore's tic nature U on e&cb box. 23c.
I Special==Friday and Saturday \ \
Jb We have just received from a well-known N;w York mann- '&
|c facturer6aoo all-silk tlss, which are his latest product. i**
M • Such ties as these are ssiling; to*d.iy In San Francisco for 50c. §
j t4j Since we purchased such a great qumtlty of the ties at a cash crke M
|a we>ri enabled to sell them at a low price, so we nuke a special of ii
9 They constitute puffs, tecks and four-in-hand?, in all the latest ll'
¦•a Remember, for two days only can you get the ties for two-bits §
Ujl Out-of-town orders filled if tetter bears postmark of Friday or Saturday. ]
2Cameras and photographic supplies, also
Erinting, developing - and mounting, :at
anborn & Vall^s. 741 Market at. •
Suspected of Safe Robbing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO, April 19.— Word was re
ceived in this city to-day that the officers
at Sonora.had arrested a man suspected
of blowing open the safe in Henry Vogel
man's'saloon on Sunday night last. The
man had $220 in cash upon his person at
the time of his arrest, while the amount
taken from the safe was $240.
contest has narrowed down between Mrs.
Smith and Miss MeAdams. The friends of
the lattor are enthusiastic in their claims
that their candidate will sit on the throne
carnival w*<ek. One young man. whose
father Is a State officer, this afternoon
started forth with a list which he headed
with $5 and soon had a large number of
names dov.n, each pledged to 100 votes In
for of Miss MeAdams. A number of the
friends of Mrs. Smith are also securing
large subscriptions In her favor.
Altogether the contest is a most spirited
one and Judging by the fact that 100,000
fr^sh ballots were being printed to-day. It
will not be surprising if something like
75.000 fresh ballots are cast for the fa
vorites between now and Saturday night.
It was learned to-night that the carnival
committee placed an order with a printing
firm for a number of ballots representing
$25 each in value, this being necessary to
acccommodate the heavy demands which
nre being made for large blocks of votes
Both Mrs. Smith and Miss MeAdams have
hosts of friends and admirers and nothing
will be left undone by them to promote
the election of their respective choices.
Mrs. Smith is the wife of H. G. Smith, the
wealthy owner of the Pioneer Mills and
h<»r residence at Tenth and H streets is
one of the handsomest in the city.
MRS. H. G. SMITH. WHO WILL UNDOUBTEDLY BE THE MAY
QUEEN AT SACRAMENTO.
(From a Photograph by Boysen, Sacramento.)
Port Stephens at Hllo. The Lennox car*
ried 437 horses and mules and lost but one
of the number on the voyage. Up to th*»
time of the arrival of the Port Stephens
at Hllo there had been no losses whatever.
HEAVY SENTENCES FOR
FILIPINO COMBATANTS
MANILA. April 19.— The military com
mission which tried three Filipinos at
Leallamba for guerrilla warfare has found
all three guilty and sentenced two of them
to life imprisonment and one to thirty
years' Imprisonment. Major General Otis
has approved the findings, but has re
duced the sentences to fifteen years. Two
Ladrones convicted of murder have been
sentenced to bo hanged at Odonnel.
CANNON WOULD
CALL A HALT TO
ADMIRAL DEWEY
Says Naval Officers Are In
competent to Perform
Civil Duties.
Remarks Called Out Before the
House in a Debate Over Certain
Terms of the Naval
Bill. ;
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The House
spent practically the entire day debating
a proposition in the naval "bill designed to
turn over to the navy the survey and
charting of the waters of Cuba, Porto
Rico and the Philippines. The bill carried
an appropriation of $100,000 for this pur
pose. Cannon, chairman of the Appro
priations Committee, led the fight against
It, arguing that such surveying of these
waters as should be made should be per
formed by the coast and geodetic survey,
which, he said, could work cheaper and
better. In the end the House adopted an
amendment offered by him to appropriate
only the regular $10,000 for ocean surveys.
The chairman of the committee of the
whole, Payne, overruled the point of or
der against the appropriation for the
naval academy, but an amendment of
fered by Cannon was adopted providing
that before the money appropriated by
the bill for the academy be expended
plans for the whole Improvement, not to
exceed $6,000,000, be submitted and ap
proved by the Secretary of the Navy.
Cummings of New York argued that the
proposed surveys should be made by the
navy, not by a semi-political bureau like
the Coast and Geodetic Survey. He poked
fun at the superintendent of the survey,
who. he said, flew his own flag while
afloat liko a flag officer of the navy. He
read a letter from a man now in the sur
vey who had served twenty years at sea.
The letter described the work as "pie."
"Nobody knows anything but me," It
said. "I am commanding officer. I was
only a boatswain in the navy."
Cannon concluded the debate in favor
of the amendment. The officers of the
navy were educated to tight, he said, not
to perform civil duties.
"In the performance of civil duties," he
said, with great emphasis, "they are the
most incompetent and the most expen
sive."
In the burst of applause that followed
this utterance some one cried out some
thing about "Dewey."
"Oh, I am not talking politics." re
sponded Cannon. "I am talking dollars
and cents, and an efficient survey. I am
a great admirer of Admiral Dewey and all
the other officers and men who served in
the Spanish war. I love them so well that
when 1 see men trying to set them to
work at something at which they cannot
sustain 'themselves I call a halt."
(Laughter and applause.) , .*
SHOULD BUILD
THE NICARAGUA
CANAL AT ONCE
Trans-Mississippi Congress
Favors Independent
Procedure.
Committee on Resolutions Bring* in
a Partial Report Relative to
Various Bills That Are
Now Before Congress,
«
HOUSTON. Tex.. April 19.— T0-day's
6ess:on of the Trans-Mississippi Commer
cial Congress was well attended. The
committee on resolutions brought in a
partial report, indorsing several bills now
before the National Congress intended to
benefit the whole West and favoring the
introduction of other bills with the same
object in view.
Tho reception given Mr. Lowe's paper
on the Nicaragua canal* evidenced the
preat interest which is taken In that ques
tion. There was applause throughout, but
this was vehement when he declared that
the time had come "for the United States
to build the canal without asking the con
fcf?nt of CJrt-at iiritaln or any other Euro
pe-aj-i power."
Cripple Creek was chosen as the next
place of meeting by acclamation.
At the opfeuintj of the morning session
c. large number of new resolutions were
Introduced and referred to the committee.
A paper by Hon. J. W. Springer of Den
ver was read by title and is to be included
in tho minutes. The committee on reso
lutions made a report, of which the fol
lowing is a synopsis and which was
adopu-d:
1. That the Consular service should be thor
oughly organized upon a basis of efficiency
and without reference to politics.
2. Favoring the Immediate admission as
Etates of New Mexico. Arizona and Okiahoma.
3. That sh»-»p should be j>ermitted to graze
tipon public domain not set apart for any spe
cial jvjrpoee.
4. Favorlns; a Government Department of
2£i:>es and Mining.
5. Favoring a Government Department of
Commerce ar.d Industrie*.
6. Favoring the immediate further improve
ment and dtveierment of the harbor cf Gal-
T-eiton.
". Indorsing the project of a *hip canal from
the Gulf to Houeton. Texas.
S. Asking for eariy construction by the Na
tional Congress of a harbor of the first class
at the mouth of the Braao«.
9. Indorsing the bill j.rovidlr.g for the Gpv
emmer.t taking charce at once of the Jetties
«i the mouth of the Mississippi Iliver and im
proving southwest i>a*s.
10. Indorsing the Senate bill for the encour
agement of the mining, mineral and metal
lurgical sciences. - ' * . ¦
11. Asking the National Congress to at once
fettle the several questions which now vex the
people of Indian Territory.
12. Favoring the *pee»ly construction of a
Pacific cable to Alaska. China, Japan and the
Philippines* and indorsing the bill providing
for a cable from San Francisco to Honolulu.
At the conclusion of the committee's re
port Dr. Tichnor of New Orleans delivered
&n address on "The Mississippi and the
Mouths Thereof." Dr. Young of Utah ad
dressed the congress, his subject being
"The Future Development of Utah."
Judge James M. Lowe of Kansas City
was the ntst speaker, and there was ap
jilause at hi? appearance. H. R. C. Brod
bell of Oklahoma made a brief talk on the
reasons why that Territory should be ad
mitted as a State.
Chairman Moses of the executive com
mittee gave notice that to-morrow plans
would be pre^onted for the organization
of the Trans-Mississippi Commercial Con
prcfF on a permanent basis with a regu
lar membership. The time for the selec
tion of the next place of meeting having
nrrived. Cripple Creek and New Orieans
v.-ore placed in nomination. When Ar
kansas voted for Cripple Creek X«w Or
leans withdrew and the Colorado city was
selected by acclamation.
Fitzgerald's Defense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 13.— The testi
mony for the prosecution in the Fitzger
ald murder case was completed- this after
noon and the defense opened. * Several
witnesses were called who testified that
they had seen the defendant the after
noon before the murder and that he was
sober at that time. It was also stated
that the relations between the two mea
were friendly. This latter point was em
phaslzed to prove that the crime was not
premeditated. .
OUTLAW KILLED BY
SHERIFF'S POSSE
Was a Member of a Band of Men
Caught Mutilating Brands on
Cattle.
SALT LAKE, April 19.— A special to the
Tribune from Thompsons, Utah, says Mr.
Fullerton, manager of the Webster City
Cattle Company, yesterday discovered
two men mutilating brands on his cattle.
They threatened to shoot and he retreat
ed. With the assistance of Sheriff Preese
and posse the thieves were overtaken
seventy miles north of here and ordered
to surrender. The thieves showed fight
and were followed six miles, all exchang
ing shots, one of the outlaws being in
stantly killed.
The dead man answers the description
of "Flat Nose George," and Investigation
proves conclusively that he is one of the
men that robbed the train of the Union
Pacific Railroad about a year ago. He
has been brought to Thompsons for Iden
tification. Men are now on the way from
Cheyenne to identify the body.
New Court of Foresters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, April 19.— A special train,
carrying: a large delegation of Foresters
left here this evening for Dlxon, where a
court was instituted to-night.
Have you heard the story
vof the "Barbed Wire Tele-
phone Town." This is not fic-
tion but fact, and well illus-
trates , the ! ; ingenuity of the
Calif ornian. Bead all about it
in The Sunday Call.
ALLEGE RATE
DISCRIMINATION
AGAINST DENVER
Merchants of That City Ap
pear Before Interstate
Commission.
Expert of the Chamber of Commerce
Presents Table of Figures Show
ing Favoritism to Omaha
and Kansas City.
DENVER, April 19.— At the meeting of
the Interstate Commerce Commission to
day all the railroads entering Denver
were represented by attorneys and offi
cials and a large number of the memberb
of the Chamber of Commerce, which Is
urging- the complaints, were present. Some
of the members of the chamber were
called to testify. The evidence to-day
was mostly in regard to alleged discrim
ination against Denver shippers In favor
of concerns in the East.
James E. Murden, a freight-rate expert,
in the employ of the Chamber of Com
merce, offered figures and tables to prove
what ho asserted was favoritism to ship
pers in Kansas City and Omaha.
Alfred S. Proctor, a dealer and manu
facturer of ore bags, testilied that ho
could not manufacture bags in Denver
and compote with St. Louis because the
rate from St. Louis to Denver on the
finished product was only 68 cents,
whereas the material used In making the
bags cost $1 02 laid down in Denver.
Joseph Zelgmond, a picture-frame mak
er, said he could. buy frames In New York
and ship them to Denver, cheaper than h«
could bring the material.
George J. Kindel, the original complain
ant, said the conditions were unchanged
from 1895, when the case was first heard
by the commission.
W. N. Byers, for a number of years
president of the Chamber of Commerce
declared that the railroads were the cause
of Denver losing a number of manu
facturing industries,, which would have
come here had not Denver been handi
capped by unfair freight rates discrimina
tion. Ho asserted that at least one-fourth
cf the business men in Denver at present
were greatly dissatisfied with conditions
L. M. Bogue, a manufacturer of mixed
metals, said he could buy in St. Louis
mixed metal cheaper than he could make
it here .
,W. C. Jackson, a manufacturer of rock
drills, said he would like to open a fac
tory here because of. the field, but tho
New York article sells for less money In
Denver than he could duplicate it for.
The defense will not offer any testi
mony.
The "commission • adjourned until 10
o'clock to-morrow.
CHILEAN PLOT
TO ASSASSINATE
TWO AMERICANS
Had Visited the Country to
Extradite a Defaulting
Banker^
State Department Has the Matter in
Hand and Diplomatic Relations
May Be Broken Off Very
Soon.
> -
E&«clal IXepatch to Th» Call.
BOSTON. April 19.— An attempt by of
ficials of the Chilean Government to as
sassinate two Boston police officers
figures in the unsuccessful effort of the
Boston police to secure the extradition of
Fred \V. Moore, a Boston banker, who is
charged with having embezzled $500,000
from a Boston bank and is now at the
Chilean capital. Inspectors A. J. Hough
ton and J. M. Harrison of the Boston
police, who went to Santiago de Chile
under the authority of the State De
partment to bring Moore back to Boston
for trial, returned yesterday without him.
They are absolutely reticent about their
experiences in Chile in response to In
structions from Washington. It is
stated, however, by a member of the
police department that the two Boston
officers received scant courtesy at the
hands of the Chilean officials and that
three men in Chilean uniforms made a
deliberate attempt upon the life of In
spector Houghton. The two officers were
in Eecret consultation with United States
Commissioner Fiske to-day. No Inkling
of their disclosures to' the commissioner
was tfven out, but that they were of a
serious nature is inferred from the fact
that a special messenger was rushed to
Washington late this afternoon with the
commissioner's Information. Both officers
are under the strictest injunction from
their chief, acting at the Instance of the
Federal authorities, not to discuss the
case for the newspapers until the State
Department has had an opportunity to
act. It is stated that the matter is so
serious that the friendly relations be
tween the United States and Chile are In
volved.
A friend of Inspector Houghton and a
prominent member of the Boston Police
Department thus summarized the matter
to-day: "You may be assured that the
State Department will take the most en
ergetic action when the real facts of the
case, are known. These facts are such
that a rupture between the United States
and Chile is imminent."
The business interests of Boston are
determined to secure the extradition of
Moore at any cost.
WILL CARRY FOOD
TO STRICKEN INDIA
Secretary "Long Gives Orders to Close
the Option on a Suitable
Vessel.
WASHINGTON*, April 19.— The Navy
Department has secured a 5000-ton steam
er to carry the wheat and other food .sup
plies collected by charitable organizations
In New York to the plague and famine
eufferers in India. Secretary Long was
informed by telegraph to-day by Pay Di
rector Dennistcn that he had found a
suitable vessel, and he replied as follows:
"Close option at the lump Fum of $40,000
If the Christian Herald approves, subject
to inspection under the commandant of
the New York navy-yard, with whom I
¦will communicate. Department trusts
donors will now fill the vessel to her full
capacity. LONG."
The laft sentence was added because
the stores collected at New York,
amounting to &»o ton?, are not sufficient
to exhaust the capacity of the ship.
Disinherited Her Children.
Bp^eJal nirp&tch to The Call.
6AX JOSE, April 19.— A lively contest
¦will be waged over the estate of Mrs.
Olive A. Paine of Gilroy. who died on
April 15, leaving property valued at from
f12,000 to SJS.OCM. A petition for letters
on the estate, together with the will of
deceased, was filed in the Probate Court
to-day by William A. Paine, a son. By
the terms of the will Mrs. Paine gives all
h*r property to William A. Paine, a son,
¦with the proviso that he shall care for her
husband, John Paine, during the balance
cf his life. The heir is to enter Into pos-
Fe«ion of the property at once. Two other
children <T. M. Paine, a pon, and Mrs.
Mary A. Hobbs. a daughter) both of this
city, are totally ignored.
Shearas Sentenced
RIVERSIDE. April 19. — Vern^a Shearas,
•who shot and killed George Warner at
Valla Vista !n this county last December,
and who was convicted of the crime of
manglaupht^r last week, was to-day sen
tenced by Judge Noves to ten years in
SACRAMENTO. April 19.— The May
Queen contest has reached the ex
citing stape. The carnival commit
tee this afternoon announced that
no new candidates m;iy entt-r and
i that there will be no further counting of
| votes until Saturday nipht. when the final
! canvass of the ballots will be made and
i the successful candidate named.
i When to-day's balloting was announced
' Mrs. H. G. Smith was in the lead and her
friends assert that she will surely be
elated. The vote to-day stood:
Mrs. H. G. Smith 5700. Miss May Jlc-
Adams 5715, Miss Rebecca Elliott 333 G.
MJss Millie Metlar 1237.
The votes represent the value of a
nickel each and they are being deposited
In solid blocks for the favorites. The
other day one batch of 2000 ballots was de
posited for Mrs. H. G. Smith and it is
faid that her friends have even larger
blocks in store to be voted before the con
test closes Saturday night. Although It
Is said that friends of Miss Metlar have
several thousand votes ready to cast in
her favor, the general belief is that the
GOVERNORS OF
WESTERN STATES
TAKE ACTION
Oppose the Leasing of
Public Arid Lands by
the Government.
In Favor of the Cession of Such Do
main to the Several States
Wherein They May Be
Situated.
>
SALT LAKE, April 19.— Governor Lee
of South Dakota and Governor Poynter
arrived to-day and took part in the pro
ceedings of the Governors of Western
States, who have met to discuss subjects
of Interest to this section.
After a general discussion the commit
tee appointed to formulate resolutions
against the leasing of public arid lands
by the General Government and demand-
Ing the cession of such lands to the sev
eral States, should any change in the
present system be made, reported the fol
lowing, which were adopted:
Resolved, That the people of the States here
represented are opposed absolutely to any leX-
Isiatton or any action of any kind looking to
or having: for Its object the leasing of the
public arid lands of the United States by the
general Government or, any agency thereof.
Resolved, second. That the present laws pro
viding for the control, management and dis
posal of the public arid lands of the United
States are best adapted to the needs and re
quirements of the country and conducive to
the settlement and occupancy thereof by bona
fide settlers.
Resolved, third. That If It shall be found
that the present laws affecting the arid lands
are not satisfactory •to the Congress of the
United States then we favor a cession of the
said arid lands to the several States wherein
they are situated under such terms and con
ditions as will guarantee the benefits of the
free homestead laws to the people of the
United States and that will prevent said lands
either by fee simple^ title or by the leasing
thereof from passing Into the possession or
control of large companies, syndicates, corpor
ations or wealthy Individuals in large quan
tities to the exclusion of others and under such
conditions that the several States may have
the Income arising from said lands to be de
voted to the reclamation and Improvement
thereof for settlement by, bona flde citizens.
Governor Lee of South Dakota was the
only one who opposed the resolution. Ills
opposition was simply because he believed
that the demand for cession to the States
should be put first.
A form of letters to be sent out to other
Governors was adopted.
Burial of Mis. Glascock.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
WOODLAND. April 19— Mrs Elizabeth
Glascock, mother of ex-Senator Glascock
and Mrs. Jackson Hatch of San Jose, died
In Washington on the 10th lnst. and was
burled here to-day. She was a native of
Virginia and 82 years of age. For tho
last sixteen years she has been a resident
of Washington, but prior to that time she
resided in Yolo County for thirty-two
years. Her body was brought here for
burial beside that of her husband, who
was killed in a railroad accident In ISS4.
eral Lawton and his staff.
When Lawton fell Howard's plans were
made known and hla claims to distinction
were rewarded, for, while the nation
mourned, this renegade was Invested with
a uniform by General del Pilar and ap
pointed a major of artillery, subject to
the approval of Agulnaldo, when he could
be reached. Howard sports his sword,
and is. now considered .one of the greatest
strategists of the Filipino army.
Records of the First California, taken
when the regiment left here, show no
Hamilton Howard in the ranks. It la
possible that such a man Joined the com
mand out in the Islands, or Just before
the regiment left home, but he Is not a
local man and no one in the regiment
has any recollection of a soldier of that
name. His name has been* mentioned in
dispatches as having deserted the United
States forces to take service in the Insur
gent army, but he has never been men
tioned except as a man utterly worthless
as a soldier and dissipated and Immoral
as a man.
SAFE ARRIVAL OF TWO
TRANSPORTS ANNOUNCED
WASHIXGTOK, April 19.— Telegrams
were received at the "War Department to
day announcing the arrival of the trans
port Lennox at Manila and the transport
LOS ANGELES. April 19.— Through
advices to-day received from "Wen
dell McLaughlln, now In Manila as
official reporter of the military
court, a new version Is furnished of
the death of Major General H. W. Law
ton. McLaughlin, who la well known here
and who reported the special proceedings
at Sacramento last winter, confirms the
story that Is credited with truth In Ma
nila. This new account traces the tragic
end of . Lawton to Hamilton Howard, a
renegade and deserter from the First Cali
fornia Regiment, who planned the ambus
cade, and upon good authority he' is cred
ited with having fired the fatal shot.
Howard, it appears, deserted his com
mand at Cavlte during the early days of
the Spanish war. His reception among
the insurgents was not flattering, owing
to his dissolute habits, and he became the
butt of ridicule. Jests and pranks, includ
ing the painting of his body with colors
while he lay In a -stupor. When a party
of Pllar's forces occupied San Mateo and
General Lawton made his night march to
reach it orders were given to retreat. At
this Juncture Howard, who had become
a camp vagabond, after an interview with
Pilar, was placed in charge of the detach
ment of sharpshooters that covered, the
American advance. They were instructed
to kin Lawton and with this desire they
pumped their lead In the direction of Gen-
SAYS LAWTON WAS SHOT BY
AN AMERICAN DESERTER
Story From Manila Charges the Officer's Death
to Hamilton Howard; Rated as a Vagabond
Drunkard and Now an Officer in
the Filipino
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, APRIL, 20, 1900.
VOTES ARE ROLLING IN
FOR THE MAY QUEEN
Struggle at Sacramento Grows Very Ex
citing, Friends of the Candidates
-Now Working Actively.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I s T^O-MORROW night closes the sale of our $10 blue
j . serges, which you have had an opportunity to \
j! get for the past ten weeks — don't let the opportunity
| ! pass now — it will prove a saving to you.
I OEMEMBER, the suits are all wool, well made from good
X serge cloth, dyed with a deep shade of unfadable blue.
| They are made as they should be made — in a thorough,
| careful manner. They are durable, lasting, satisfactory and 1
I guaranteed.
'"PHE store closes at eleven o'clock at night, and with it will close one of the
* most popular sales we ever had. The sale is popular because the serges
j are popular and because the price is popular, it being
I' • .
I if you want a good satisfactory suit at an economical, saving price, here
I is the chance, but you have only a short time to take advantage of it
I Boys' Washable Suits.
1 Washable suits, made of covert cloth, with suitable trimming, sailof \
I pants; ages 3to 10 years; they come in six different shades and make good *
I outing suits.
1 Also sailor suits of brown cheviot, with short pants; ages 3 to 10 years.
I For a short time these two values will be sold for ' \
B Out-of-town orders for the serges filled if they bear postmark of Friday or Saturday. Orders for washabfo
H suits filled as long as the suits last.
!lalt
Extract
Season.
We carry Irj stocK al' the
different brandsof Malts
JOHANN HOFFS MALT EXTRACT
(Short bottle*, genuine)
25c bottle, or $3 00 dozen.
WYETH'S MALT EXTRACT
25: bstlle. or $2 50 dozen.
"BEST TONIC" MALT EXTRACT
j 25c bottle, or $Z5O dozen.
RENNER'S GERMAN WALT EXTRACT
\ 20c bottle, cr $2.25 dozen.
MALT NUTRINE
I 25c bottle, or $2 25 dozen.
»* $?$&. Catalogue mailed
sMITHE OWL DRUG CO.
j3J&»im£X Cut-Rate DnjgsisL.
j Y-ri^r^pJ ' /2S M *«*ET ST.,
Kp||S|«f BAN FRANCISCO.
J jrssfSS Tenth and Broadway,
ffiiimi»pJ OAKLAND.
3The front page of next Sun-
day's Call will' b» devoted
to an article appearing in that
paper » exclusively— an , article
substantiated by startling
proofs and one involving most ;
important international af-
fairs. - • : .
Will Bore for Oil.
ment Company, -with a capital stock of a
million dollars, has been Incorporated.
The directors are R. R. Patterson, R. A.
Coleman and G. P. Bentz of San Fran
cisco, F. F. Ames of • San Andreas and
John F. Davis of Jackson.
meraMa vs. H. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Won
der: A. Johnson's Lnwlander vs. R. E. de V.
Lopez & Son's Minne Wa Wa; J. Kdmond's
<^o On vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa Maid: J. M.
StiHwell's Fern vs. R. E. de B. Lojx-z & Son's
IMablo; Land & Gerber's Concord vs. H.
Lynch's Louie M: H. Lynch's Lexington vs.
J. Mooney's Silent Treasure: V. M. Clarkson 3
Golden Garter vs. M. H. Sh^nherd's Exile
(imp); L.->-B-e & Thompson's Little Fullerton
vs. J. McEnroe's Lady Trilby; J. Burns' Bat
tleship vs. T. Tierney's Tea Rose: Banels
Bros.' Best Barcaln vs. Curtis & Son's Ter
ronite; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Pen
man vs. O'Shea Bros.' (names) Merry Girl;
Ruswll. Allen & Wilson's Paim Flower vs. J.
R. Smith's Victor Queen: Whlteslde & Stlll
xveirs Wildflower vs. Curtis & Son's Shadow;
BartPls Brmi. ' Beer Brewer vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot: J. Perry's Commodore Nash
vs J. Holden's Scottish Chief.
In the match race brtwren Connemara
and Flora McDonald the former got the
red.
Commandery No. 1. E. Sir John Tonnlng
stn, commander. The Grand Commandery
as one foot company formed of the emi
nent commanders, gorteralissimos, cap
tains general and past commanders of
subordinate commanderies, who have no
duty or command, and will report to E.
Sir William Frank l'ierce, grand captain
general. First battalion— E. Sir James A.
Foshay, commander; IjOS Angeles Com
mandery No. 9, six to eight companies.
Second " battalion— E. Sir Madison T.
Owens, commander; Sacramento Ccm
mandery No. 2, one company; San Jose
Commandery No. 10, one company; Oak
land Comandery No. 11, one company;
Fresno Commandery No. 29, one company.
Third battalion— lt. E. Sir Frank W. Sum
ner, P Q. C, commander; Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16. four companies.
Fourth battalion— E. Sir Franklin Jordan,
commander: Ventura Commandery No. 18,
one company; St. Bernard Commandery
No. 23. one company; San Diego Com
mandery No. 25, one company; Riverside
Commandery No. 28. one company; St.
Omer Commandery No. 30, one company;
Pasadena Commandery No. 31, one com
pany; Santa Ana Commandery No. 36, one
company; Southern California Com
mandery No. 37, one company. Comman
deries reporting with less than twelve Sir
Knights will be consolidated with other
commanderies. •
Sir Knight Dr. A. W. McKenzie. who Is
sword-bearer of Golden Gate Com
mandery, has been appointed by Right
Eminent Deputy Grand Commander Sir
Frederick M. Miller as special aid for the
grand parade and review.
On the 24th the Grand Commandery will
open in due* form; in the evening there
will be an exhibition drill in the Velo
drome, the next day there will be business
sessions and in the evening an exemplifi
cation of the illustrious Order of the Red
Cross by Southern California Com
mander}', to be followed by a banquet to
be given in honor of the grand command
er. The following day there will be a
morning and an afternoon business ses
sion and in the evening an exemplifica
tion of the Order of the Temple by Los
Angeles Commandery.
Sir Knight J. A. Foshay of Los Angeles
GREAT preparations are being mado
at this time for the annual conclave
of the Knights Templar of Califor
nia that is to be held next week in
the city of Lcs Angeles. From what has
already been done it is believed that it
will be the grandest meeting of the legis
lative body of the Knights ever held in
this State.
In the conclave there will be not less
than four hundred representative Sir
Knights, comprising the brightest minds
in that degree of Masonry. The various
commanderiee of the State will be repre
sented not only by those who will form
part of the conclave, but by many who
will not take part in the deliberations of
the grand body. Nearly every Sir Knight
will be accompanied by either wife or
some lady relative, and it is expected thai
there will be not less in all than 2503 in
attendance during conclave week, who
will be directly or indirectly interested
in the proceedings.
The two commanderies of San Fran
cisco, California No. 1 and Golden Gate
No. 16. have each chartered special trains
to convey the members of the com
mandery and guests. The first named
will be accompanied by Oakland Com
mandery No. 11 and the latter by * num
ber of members of various commanderies
from the northern part of the State.
Golden Gate Commandery will have the
honor of being the special escort of Most
Eminent Grand Master of the Grand En
campment of the United States of Amer
ica R. H. Lloyd and of the Grand Com
mandery of California, of which Right
Eminent Commander Sir John F. Mer
rill is the grand commander. This com
mandery will- turn out one hundred
swords,' which is the term used in the or
der to designate the number who will ap
pear in full uniform for parade.
One of the features of the conclave week
will be the grand parade and review. The
commanderies, grand and subordinate,
will be organized as a brigade, consistig
of two companies and four battalions, as
follows: The R. E. grand commander and
staff; one company mounted; California
BAUiBOAP TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:35.
*:SO. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at ll:J0 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l:st>
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
8:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and 6:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40,
6:05, «:25 p. m. . ,
Between San Francisco and Scnuetzen Park
aann schedule as above.
Leanre I In Effect. • I Arrive
Ban Francisco. |Apr. li. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week J Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
5:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
7:10 ami I Hopland I 110:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. 1 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm ' t:W pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S :43 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am! 110:40 am 110: 25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sevastopol. I 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Bulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton Tor Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Sarataga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. WHHts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. =
Ticket offices. fiso Market st.. Chronicle bide
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
RflUFOfiNiA Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
Th!« U the qalckest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Correcting Train Leaves San Franciscoi
L?-"i Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
tfijssfiti: YorE* wlth *" llmlted
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at £30
EXPRESS £ rr m V wlt £ pal «c and Tonrist
DAILY ChicI O /o a : n" S ELu Uy - St - I<oai3 '
and Bakenfield. " lare ROAD
? rS S c°o U soo N jgs#&a&S
Men's calf shoes, worth 52.50, for $1.25 n
pair at the Boston Shoo Co.. 775 Market it*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
BPECI ALISTS-E«t:bl iahed nearly 20 years.
Cure the Following Ailments : '¦
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Varlcocele Nervous Debility
Hydrocele Loss of Memory
Bladder Diseases Wasting Drains
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness
Spine Diseases Blood Poison »,
Despondency Rupture /
Advice and Consultation Free. ; ~
OUR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any San Francisco bank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay In monthly Installments. No other
doctors will make such an offer. r
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN.
HOME CUKES— FREE BOOK.
It you cannot visit San Francisco
•write for free private book, advice, j
question list and full particulars.
731 Market St., S. R
HOURS— DaIIy. 8 to 6: Evenings, 7
to 8: Sundays, 5 to 11. Elevator En-
trance.
MEniCIHFS FREE TO PATIENTS!
£ visit DR- JORDAN'S great 4
iHUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
A Qft 1051 1USSIT St. tat. 6* *7lh. S.T. Cd. { i
T tjf The LartcntAnatsDicml Museum In the
A _lj3t; ... World. Weakneises or any contracted i I
V S^SOi disease p«»m»rlyc»r«Hl by the oldeit '
9 «S Kj I & pecu>ut en i he Comu Est. 36 yean. 1 I
j* fl^^i OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES r
\ ff^f^^B Coi«ult»tion free »nd itri'HT prirate. \
a i jySx.3 llmenl P'fsonally or by letter. A m
T I tf !*| M FotMv* Curt in e»ery case undertaken. \
Alt a -ll* Writefor Book. PniLO»Ol>a¥<l A
r ¦ (I TURBIAfiR, MAILED PRRB. (AT
A & li ¥alusble book for ram) , \
9 nn JURD AX A CO., 1051 Market St.S. F. 9
RAXLBOAJ); TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COASTRAILROAD.
Via Sausallto FeTry.
Commencing October 1, 1899.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXJJOI
AND BAN RAFAEL^
WEEK DATS—^BO. •SIM. U:00- a. m.j 1-.U,
«t:4O. 5:15, 6rOO. *:S0 t>. m.
EXTRA TRIPB— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fa»L on Mondays, Wednesdays aad Saturdays,
at J>:00 and 11:30 p. m.
gITKDATB— •B:OO. 10:00, ni:JO a. m.; ItU*
1:16. *4:45. 1:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Quentln.
FROM SAN RATAKL TO. BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«: 16. *«:15. T:45. •»;« a. m.|
•U:*o. 1:16. *l:40, *6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays sjo4
Baturdars at 8:40 and 10:16 p. m.
BUNDATS-irM, •8:00. 10:00. «11:« a. ra.l
n:4O. *8:1 B ., 4:46. *«:80 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO BAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DATS— 6:46. 6:45. T:65, 5:46 a." ra.j
U:B5. *:16.-t:45. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. '
PUNDATB-«:O6. 10:06 a. tn.'. U:08. J. 15. tM.
140, «:45 r». m.
THROTJOH TRAINS. .../..
f r«0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way stations.
EIGHTY DOG STAKE
AT INGLESIDE PARK
Match Race Between Conuemara and
Flora McDonald Besides the
Regular Event.
The draw of the eighty-dog open stake
to run at Inglcside courting paxk Satur
day and Sunday is as follows:
J. McEnroe's Admiral Samjwon vs. J. Ed
mond'e Morning Glory: Maber &. Reld> Molly
liawn vs. O'Shea Bros." Golden liule: U 1^
Taylor's Rowdy Boy vs. \V. Stark's Thunder
bolt; J. liean'n Fweet L.lpe vs. I). Ford's Bo
nita: A. U. Austin's Firm Foe vs. H. A. Deck
elman'j Rocker: Maher & Reid's Bin^leton vs.
I>. Shannon's Fal^ruard; J. R. Smith's Ljady
Hears vs. E. M. Kelloirr's Ben's Babe; Lowe
& Thompson's Et. Oran vs. Curtis & Bon's
Terrona; J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen vs. R.
E de B. Lo;>ez & Son'e Soft Goods; J. McEn
roe's Johnnie F vs. P. M. Clarkson's Flower of
Gold; D. Toland'a Pleasant Girl vs. J. Mor
larty's £najip<T Garrl6on: E. M. Kellcg-c/s
Fweet Emma vs. E. M. Kellorr's Lady Gil
more: J. Byrne's Eleven Knot vs. D. Dillon's
l^ewarop; 1). E. Willey'e High Born Lady vs.
J 1. O'Brien's Statesman; I). Dillon's Mod
eety ye. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire;
Curtis & Son's Echo vs. J. Anthony's Patriot:
D. O'Connell's Satan vs. E. M. •Kellogg;' • Kid
McCoy; S. Hanstn's L. R. Cunley vs. J. Pot
tefr Remus; J. I. O'Brien's. Wandering Tom
vs. J. R. Smith's Petronlus; J. Byrne's Olym
pus vx. J. Keenan's Royal Oak; P. Horgan's
Lucretla Bor«rla vs. J. McNeil's Black Hawk,
H. H. Gray's Rona vs. E. M. Kelloesr"s lowa
Boy: M. J. Kelly's Xlsrht Time vs. W. C.
Glasson's Elelch Bells; Bartels Bros.* Barron
Blood J. H. W. Muller's Mocorlts : R. A.
Morgan's tnamee) Annie Shone x-s. Lowe &
Thirspicn's liavrU*; J. 21. SUUweU's E»-
Champion Checker Players.
Two checker' champions. Fred ' Hope
well of Los Angeles, and Harry Angell of
San Francisco, are battling for honors In
American Hall at Pacific and Leaven
worth streets, and of a series of fifty
games about twelve have so far been
played. Angell has taken one of the
games and his opponent has yet to score
his first.- The winner of the contest will
receive $200. The games have been in
progress for the past three days and n.re
likely to continue about one week. The
players meet from 2 o'clock until 4 o'clock
each afternoon and from 7 o'clock until 9
o'clock In the evening. The winner will
"fobablv rjlnv William Bowe of this city.
Tho games were arranged through the ef
forts of J.I "w. Romellno. a well-known
nlayer. M. E. HarHev acts as timekeeper
f«r Ane-ell and John Washington . for
Hopewell. . ,
Vaughn Wins.
RIVERSIDE, April 19.— 1n the wheel
men's tournament held here^to-day the
three-mile professional event pras won by
W. B. Vaughn of San Diego. Turville of
Philadelphia second, Gus Lrfiwson third.
Time. 7:15. John Lawson won the pursuit
race in 29:32. the distance Jjeing ten and
one-sixth miles.
"KID" McFADDEN
IS WINNING FAME
T"^ FYOTEES of
over the best lads tf/ffl * *' »ii- : t
In his class In the JfJff t (*%< ¦ ' " *-'~jj££r -
East. The auburn <'/n '''i. ''¦• -1 j^*"^
headed San Fran- VirA \.- f:?v
clscan left his na- •Wft&*> \V.\j \i J ¦¦}'''/
tlve heath nearly /¦W/Ss&ltt • \^X?<l/' i/l « "' - ' '/'/
a year a^o to win //'WMb. V^ iW \ **'/''<*
furthrr fame and ''/WMWms. <Wjt&LA '¦' -« ' -V? - '"
Fhc-kels In Eastern yfflMWMk " ':''•'•'¦' ¦' n
fields, and since ' l 'iW'Wsfl^^^^m^'^^ f;,^
his dr-parturo haa /^O/MwS^SSS6mWOf^
won h! P h praise by lf^ ! lfMf^^^^^^^o^
his maFterly hand- ///W W
athletic clubs to . I'lltllj'i ji^Mt 'h'- ¦'¦ ' < N i'\
appear before them \ : tyv7 ! / ¦&&•><''¦'''¦¦' l'.>'t \ '<
and exhibit his ' jf|y .*^//?s&sip!?o^ ¦ ¦
Eastern writers / ,^a//' iff *!'¦'' •''<*¦¦ ' fit & '^
and friends who f •S^y ft; /i'i/'lil $-v
have Been him per- 1 $g&^ '•' 't\& Sf
form within the I *0f » \ <*¦
past few months. AiM \ k^
tho "Kid" haß im- ypW rW«* ViS
proved S'J per cent. F!*L 1
Hr> Is not only fin .. M^7^r^^o^
Ftronper but has ftVll mmmvmilt^^^^^M^K^*^^'
irame in vogue In " ,
the East. His next
bis match will be "KID" McFADDEN.
with Frank Welsh,
a bantam of Philadelphia, who. has established a record of victories which
entitles him to take a place at the head of his class. McFadden is confident
of beating his man and will put forth his best efforts, as in the event of
victory he will be matched by. the Hercules Club of Brooklyn to meet the
cracks of his class. McFadden will soon be joined in the East by his old
opponent, "Jockey" Maynard, who is also a good performer.
HANDSOME PRIZES FOR
CRACK TARGET SHOTS
California Schu«tzen Club Distributes
Honors for Good Work at the
Ranges Last Sunday.
At the Twelfth-street Verein Eintracht
Hall last right the California Schuetzen
Club distributed cash and honorary prizes
to winners at the club shoot at Schuetzen
Park. San Rafael, last Sunday.
Winners of cash prizes In order were as
follows:
F X Mason I> TV. McLaußhMn, X. Ftr*rker,
A. i'a.;*-. I>. B- Faktor. J. UtschlK. F. P. S;hus.
t«»r, W. 11. Hyatt. C. M. -Henderson. J. B.
iKirT^ll. A. Gehret. J. Meyer, F. Attlnger. J.
Urowr.inK. J. Gruhler. F. A. Kuhls. F. Bium-
Karten. C J. IValden. W. Gllndeman. E. H.
Lad<i J Tounß. D. fiaJfleld. C. Meyer. J. It.
Hauser A. Hanip^l. J. Jones. O. Brem^r, I^.
Haake." A. Kahwyl«>r, J. E. Gormann. P. Ja
ooby. R. Fir.l.ir.R F. Brandt, A. Breuss, R,
I^arlfrer. A Junptilut, A. lierteleen. W. Ehren
pfort, M. Iteubold and J. lilchmuller.
The honorary prizes ranged from a
handpome riJle to sil%er sets and carvers.
The first fifty winners in order were:
Jarob Meyer. P. McL^urhHa. J. B. Dorrell,
F P Schuster. C. Meypr, F. Brandt. A. 11.
J»a.r*». C. J. Waidren. J. Gruhler. D. B. Faktor.
J ftschiK Jr.. C M. Henderson, K. Linger,
3. Jones. J. C. Gorman. A. sitrceker, A. Ureußs,
C E Mason, Captain F. A. Kuhls, W. Hyatt,
D. SalUeld. G. lilchiruUer, Captain F. Ottln
*er. L. Haake. H. Finking, A. Gehret. Otto
Urt-mer, A. Jungb'ut. F. Eaurairarten. W.
Khrenpfnrt. X- Stettin. G. Lankenen. P. Ja
coby. Carl ThSerbach. F. Koch. \V. Gllndemann.
E. H. Udd. A. llortelsen, L.. C. Babin. J.
Ciefkln. E. Schroeder, li. Brunnolte. R. Hauser.
J. Kuhlmann. A. Rahwyler. T. J. Carroll,
John Straub, CXto Bunnelster, A. Hampel, John
Hausrcan.
RIVERSIDE WINS.
Interest Increasing in the Polo Tour
nament at Santa Barbara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. April 19.— The sec
ond polo game of the series was played
to-day between Riverside and the local
team. The attendance was fully double
what It was yesterday and the enthusi
asm twice as Intense. The Santa Barbara
team played a better game than before,
but the team work was again poor,
Riverside winning by a score of 14 to 2.
C. E. Maud of Riverside played the
star game of the season, making seven
goals and assisting materially in three
more. Redington and Ealand distinguish
ed themselves with the home team and
at each game they are improving greatly.
Peter Martin of San Francisco played
with the Santa Barbara team and made
both the goals that were secured on their
side. There will be some very interest-
Ing pony races Saturday afternoon, but
there will be no more pqlo until Monday,
when Burlirigame and Riverside will con
test for the championship. Many people
from neighboring towns will be here to
witness the game.
Earl of Lisnboro Dead.
LONDON. Aprfll 19.— The Earl of Llsn
boro (William Henry Forester Denlson) Is
dead. He was born In 1834 and was vice
admiral of the Yorkshire coast.
BATT.KOAD TBAVEE.
KOI'TIIKIt* I*»«I*H: tOJII'ANT.
(PACiriO JSHTHSI.I
TrsilnA lama nn«i j%r#* tint* to iirrtf 9 MS
NAM rUANCIMCO.
(Main line, Foot of Market Street.)
LEATB — Fnnu April 13, 1900. — akkiti
•7iOOa Bpnicia. RiiUud, Elmira, Vaca-rilla,
Rumsej aiil Hacramento *7:-l3p
•TsOUa Shut* Express— Datls. Willows,
Uet Bluff. Portland "7:43r
•7:30\ Martinez. .-..411 Uainon. Vallejo. >"»p».
. i'»:i»t. i» ami ,-<»>r.» i:»*& *Cii»r
¦S:3oa The OrerUnd limited— Ogden, Den-
Tir, Di.iha. Chicago *Sil3p
•lt:t<».» San .In.'r. LlTeruiore, Htoektott,
lone. Sacrameuto, Placerrtlle,
MarjSTnie, Chico, lle-d llluir M:l»r
•fl>3»A 'Milton, Oakdale, Sonora. Carters... Mit.ir
•»:OOa Haywards. Niles and Way Hutlons. *l I<I3«
•0:oii a DiTte. Woodland. Knighta Landing,
Marjurille, «ir»»lil*. *7:l»p
• 9:OOa Atlantic Kipreaa — Ogdeu an.l East 'Uil.^*
•UiUUa Martinez, Tracy. Latlirop. Stockton,
Mt-re-tl and Fresno *13i1.1p
•BiOAa Port CoJta, Vtesao, Molaro and I.os
Angelen •«:«*-
•10:00a Tallrjn. Martinez and Way HUtlont •«:!.•>•
¦11:OOa Xilt-9. LJvennore. Stockton. Sacrv
mento, Mendota, llanford. VUaIU,
PorterTilla Mslilp
•12:00 m Hajwurda. Niles and Way Stations. *ll:4.1p
tlioop Hacraniento lUrar Steamer* t*:nop
*3:OOr Haynarda, Niles and Way Stations. *Ss-13r
•4:«i»r M«riinri. Man lUnioti, Vallejo.
N»l>». Calintoga HaiiU lioaa ¦•ll.T*
• lm«r Beoicia. Vaea>ille. Maeramanto.
WoiMlland. Kutghts I.aodlnn,
MarjiTille. Oio«t!l« *1«:43*
•4 i3Op Kile*. Han J»«o and Stockton *7ilSy
•3:OOrThe Owl Limited -Tracy. Fresno.
- BakersSeld, Han^nii for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles. •loil.i*.
•SiXOp Stockton, Merceit, Frasno *13i13p
•s:3t»r Vrflsno,lltakeTsli«ltl. HaiiU R»rbtra.
Los Angeles, Deialug. El I* mo.
Now Orleans and Kast *Stll«
•JilWr .H»nU Fm l:.tnla— Atlauila £ipr«ss
for MojaTn ami Kait 'Oil.tp
•Stoop najwarda, Nile* and »aa Joss *7i4.i*
• •::H»p Vallejo *ISiiap
•»i3»r Oriental Mail— Ogden. Chejenae.
Omaha, Chicago •»r!3 t
*«iS«p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Deatfr,
Omaha, Chicago. Mil3p
)7>«op Tallejo. Port CoaU and Way Sta>
Uons „ ISiS.ip
•StOSr Oregon and California Kxr<reaa,Hae-
rameiitir, Maontllte. ICmMlng.
PorHan.l. Tinet M.»i,,.1 »,„! ir>«i *«il3a
COAST 111 VISION (."larroir Uanse). *
' (F^tof Market Street.)
J7:ls* Santa Cm Excnnlon for fUnU
Cruz and Principal Way Station* !S:o3p
•SilSa Sfewark.Outertlllr.Haii.luM Kniton
BoiiMerCreek.Hanta Cruz and Way
Buttons *6:3np
fStlSp Newark, (Vn^rilllr. flan Jon. Now
AlmadeD, Folton. Itnnlder Creek,
SaAu Cms and l'rtnclpal Way
Stations tlo : i.»,
MftSf Newark. San .Tone. 1m» Oatoa *Mi»f>«
OitlSpGlenwood. Felton. Hanta Cn» «<I:.M»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlX mHCISCO— PmS »f Markil Stn.t ,s;ii J)—
•I;!? tsiS SS^ n " * 2;M t3:W
rum OilUKB— r«l«f Br«i4.»r.— "« : 00 800 10 00» m
112:C3 *I:C3 t2:Q3 ;3::3; 3::3 H.M •SJCCr'.ul
COAST DITISION (Itroail <]«.»).
(Third i u.dTo«nac.,.lSt».)
a®'L«* ° ce *", Vi «"». South Han Praneiaeo.. (U : :i«r
i<:OOASan Jose ami Waj Sutli.im (N 8 »
—, .. A!madf.i W«dn»«Uy«oiily). «li3op
t7>SOA Sunday Excursion f r flan Jose!
B«nta Cms. Padflc Grore
.„— „ Prlndpal Way HUUont «,Mp
•9.00AK*,. J.»,,. Tre, ftmrn, K»,,u V'n^
Paclne tirote. I'asn ItnMrs. Hau
l.iiia Oi, •:»,„,_ Hxttt, Lomnoc ami
Palo Alto, .Santa Clara. Han l.me
Tres Plnoa. Mania <;,,„. aalloas!
1>»»J. tNnnriMtierattd. I Sunda, only.
t and Monday.
sh&S^r^":- I^. si
sallTo Few nn ?„" H Purchased at the Pau-
foot of \7ar ket « 6nd c° f U 2»" n Ferry D '^ U
round trlp M^ R r'- F^ cl^H r - Fare.
Dispensary,
t«^Pfi\ t.'\ ?, l:iG >V %T. Established
EBJi &S| ri.« 4 fo . r the "eatmentof Private
f^rfe-ffA Ji*' 1 ' Debility or
2SS£&^H "".^^arlng <», bo<j yam! nilud a»-»
?«BHB^Sel .J n w »«*«es. ThedoctorcureOwh^n
&»laS^22V- r?l ' a "- Tr y him. C'harswiew
Drj 7T ..." rrm «"»rani»«l. Callofwrlt^
DOGS ARE READY FOR
THE SHOW'S OPENING
Only three days more In which to enter
dogs for the forthcoming show. The of
tice of the San Francisco Kennel Club
at 23S Montgomery street is open every
day until 9 p. m. and will be open on Sun
day. It is not advisable, however, to wait
until the last moment to enter your dog,
as the rush .will be so great that it will
be difficult to give exhibitors proper at
tention. The entry promises to largely
exceed that of last year. St. Bernards
will probably number over a hundred, fox
terriers and bull-terriers about fifty each
and cocker spaniels about seventy-five.
The kennels of cockers will be interest
ing, as the competition is of the keenest.
W. C. Ralston will show his peerless
Champion Flavia, Mrs. Cluness will ex
hibit Ralllette and E. C. Plume's Orno
Girl will take the place of Hcrry Cprlton's
Oakslde Trilby, now out of condition. In
dogs Mr. Ralston's Hamilton Jack, E. C.
Plume's Champion Viscount and 11. E.
Wegener's Champion Havoc will prob
ably be the ones left in the fight for the
winner's prize. Billy Quinn has a field
spaniel in the list and Billy Kittle will
find in him a strong rival to Tony, while
Dave Hogan will not by any means
have the expected walk-over. -
BOXERS ARE NOT
ALLOWED TO PUT
01 THE GLOVES
Judge Murasky Declines to
Enjoin the Chief of
Police.
Columbia Athletic Club Officials An
nounce That They Will Test the
Case and Hold Fights Next
Friday.
»
Judge Frank J. Murasky refereed the
bout between Chief of Police Sullivan and
the directors of the Columbia Athletic
Club yesterday afternoon. After listen
ing to a long argument between District
Attorney Byington. his assistant, Mr.
Graney, and Supervisor Reed on the side
of the peace officials and Attorney Collins
for the club he denied the application for
a writ enjoining the Chief of Police from
interfering with the boxing bouts ar
ranged by the club to take place last
night.
The matter had bejen taken' to the courts
because Chief Sullivan had declared his
Intention of stopping the bouts unless the
club officials secured the necessary per
mit from the Supervisors. This the latter
would not grant, as they had decided to
permit but one professional fight each
month, and the National Athletic Club
had secured a sanction for the present
month. The Columbia Club's attorney
advised its officers that their rights undei
the $1000 license, which they had taken out
under the State law, could not be abridged
by any ordinance passed "by the Super
visors of this city and county. This
sounded good and might be true, but they
did not hold their exhibition last night,
nevertheless. •
The decision of Judge Muraskv was not
rendered until nearly 7 p. m. Chief Sul
livan then asked Manager Crowley if he
intended to endeavor to carry out his
programme of boxing. The latter replied
in the negative, saying the suit wae a
friendly one, bronsrht to; determine if pos
sible the rights or the club in the prem
ises and that ho would declare off the
show. Later in the evening Mr. Crowley
announced his determination to hold tho
lights one we-ok from to-night. This is
the date named by the National Club foi
the meeting cf Al Nelll and Tim Murphy,
the Australian boxer.
The Columbia Club officials do not hesi
tate to express the opinion that the Na
tional Club people were at the bottom ot
their undoing and they threaten retalia
tion.
Captain of Police Gillln was at Wood
ward's Pavilion last night with a squad
of patrolmen, but their services were not
required. The doors of the pavilion were
not opened. A small placard was posted
on one of the doors, reading "Show post.,
poned because of order of court." Thero
was never any crowd about, as the few
men who alighted from the cars moved
away upon learning the state of affairs.
Commandery is chairman of the general
committee that will look after the wel
fare of the visitors. The pilgrimage will
start from this city Monday afternoon.
WILL GO BY SPECIAL TRAIN.
Oakland Commandery Makes Elabo-
rate Conclave Arrangements.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 19.
The members of Oakland Commandery
No. 11, Knights Templar, will go to Los
Angeles to attend the annual conclave of
the Grand Commandery in that city, on
a special train. The Oakland commandery
desired to attend the conclave in force,
and the wives of many of the members
wanted to accompany their husbands, in
order that this might be done with the
greatest comfort a special train has been
secured, consisting of three sleepers and a
dining car. The special train will leave
the Oakland mole at 3:25 o'clock on Sun
day afternoon, making the run to Los An
geles ahead of the "Owl" and arriving at
7:30 o'clock Monday morning. The Oak
landers will make their headquarters at
the Hotel Van Nuys during their stay in
Los Angeles. The party includes:
Grand Captain General of the Grand Com
mandery W. Frank Fierce and Mrs. Pierce: Dr.
J. Hamilton Todd, eminent commander; Frank
W. Cushinp generalissimo; John A. lirlUJn,
captain general; \V. E. Price, senior warden:
E. K. Taylor, warden; Mr. and Mrs. A. li.
Breed. Mr. and Mrs. P. Cahlll and daughter,
L. P. Dayton. Mr. and Mrs. J. S. tmcry, J.
W. Evan*, Mr. and Mrs. T. P. Emlgh. Miss
T=:migh. Miss Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. W . T.
Hamilton, Dr. and Mrs. H. I. Jones, Dr. C. O.
Baldwin. Dr. and Mrs. R. "W. Meek, Judge and
Mrs. F. B. Ogden, J. H. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs.
E. M. Walsh, Dr. I. R. Webster, Mr. and sAia.
Welles Whitmore, Mr. and Mrs. E. X. Whlpple.
Mrs. I. R. Alken. W. H. Burrall. Dr. and Mr*.
X. K. Foster, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Dynes, Mr.
and Mrs. W. G. Strong. J. P. Ross, Mr. and
Mrs. John Martin, Mrs. John Willlamo, Mrs.
J. Kryster, Abe P. Leach, G. M. Stolp. Miss
Spottwood, Mrs. C. W. Emery. Mr. and J.rs.
F. X. Z. Marchand, Dr. George C. Pardee and
Henry P. Dalton.
Most Eminent Grand Master R. H. Lloyd, Right Eminent Grand Commander J. F. Merrill and Special
Aid Dr. A. W. McKenzie.
READY FOR THE CONCLAVE
OF THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
DOCTORS ELECT
THEIR OFFICERS
AND ADVISERS
Next Session of the State
Society to Be Held in
Sacramento.
Dr. Thomas Boss of the Capitol City
Elected President— The Cli
mate of California Is Kind
to Infants.
The California State Medical Society
held two interesting fusions in the Young
Hen's Christian Association Hall yester
day. President Dr. George Chismore in the
chair.
The event of the annual meeting took
place late In the afternoon, when Dr. Bar
bat nominated Dr. Thomas Ross of Sacra
mento for president to serve for the en
suing year. It was supposed my many
of the physicians that Dr. McKutt of this
city would be a candidate for the presi
dency arid hence the attendance was quite
large. Dr. McNutt's friends, however,
did not place him in nomination and Dr.
Ross was chosen by acclamation. Sacra
mento was designated as the place for
holding the next annual meeting of the
society. Other officers as follows were
elected:
Pr W. J. G. Dawson. St. Helena, first vice
president: Dr. Wallace A. Briggs. Sacramento,
second vice president: Dr. George H. Lvans.
reorrtaxy: Dr. Z. T. Malaby. first assistant sec
retary; br. E. F. Glaz^r. pecond assistant sec
retary-; Dr. E. E. Kelly, treasurer. Hoard or
examlr.ers-Drs. C. C. Wadsworth. Dudley
Talt, I". G. Frisble. F. B. Carpenter. James F.
licc'omb. 11. A. Uyrkogel and Philio King
15r«-,»n.
Reports of the secretary and treasurer
were read and referred to the executive
committee. The financial report showed
that CS3I was received during the year
and J^fts disbursed, leaving a balance of
According to the report of the secretary
the society has 273 members in good
standing. ¦* ,
Dr. R. F. Rooney of Auburn read an
interesting paper indicating that cholera
lr.fantum is aJmost unknown in California.
The statistics were collected by himself,
as he found that the reports of the fetate
Hoard of Health In this respect were use
less The mortality among Infants of the
Kast from choh ra infantum is sometimes
appalling. California's fre^Jom from the
scourge was attributed to the dry climate.
Dr George C. Pardee, Dr. Pond. Dr.
Eh^rman and Dr. Cheney discussed tho
paper. It was generally agreed that
cholera infantum was due to a bacillus
that had not found lodgment on the coast.
Drs IJeniamin R. Swan. J. Dennis Arn
old Julius Rosenstirn. H. M. Sherman.
George H. Powers. Clinton Cushing and
other well known physicians listened with
absorbing interest to the discussion rela
tive to the bacilli.
Dr Henry I>*-wls "Wagner read a paper
on "Nose "and Mouth Masks for Sur
geons." Discussion which followed the
reading of the paper indicated that sev
eral physicians had to the theory of
"transmission of bacteria through the air
Ftrata," „ _ "'¦
Dr John TV". Robertson of Livermore
read a paper on "Faulty Educational
Methods as a Factor in the Production of
Insanity." Dr. Robertson's views of
higher "education correspond with those
expressed by Collis P. Huntington. The
existence cf an army of nervous wrecks
was ascribed to the high pressure in the
public schools to gain the university sum-
The question of disseminating the prin
ciples of the paper was laid on the table.
STATE MEDICOS DINED.
Enjoyable Banquet Closes the Session
of the Medical Society.
The out of town physicians were the
guests of the local doctors last evening at
a banquet given as a fitt!r.g wlr.d-up to
the sessions of the State Medical Society.
The San Francisco County Medical So
ciety issued the Invitation.
Dr. E. E. Kelly, president of the county
Roci<-ty. presided at the banquet and acted
as toaetmaster. The toast? were as fol
lowc- "The President and Our Country,"
drunk in silence: "The State Society." Dr.
Chinmore: "Modern Educational Meth
od?." Benjamin Tde Wheeler; "Specialism
in Medicine and Surgery." Dr. Tom Hunt
ington; "The Marino Hospital Service."
I)r J J. Kinyoun: "The Country Prac
titioners." Dr.' R. F. Rooney of Auburn;
"The Progress of Our Profession," Dr.
Cheney; "The Medical Press," Dr. Ellis;
"The Doctor as an Educator," Dr. R.
Beverly Cole: "The Successful Practi
tioner," Dr. Arnold.
The banquet was in charge of a com
mittee of which Dr. J. Henry Barbat was
chairman. To-day the doctors will visit
the quarantine station at Angel Island
as the guests <>t Dr. Kinyoun.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L., FRIDAY, APRIL. 20. 1900.
OPENING OF
THE NATIONAL
LEAGUE SEASON
Crowds Attend the Various
Games Throughout the
East.
Chicago, St. Louis, Brooklyn and
Philadelphia Show Tip Well,
Making a Good Start in
ths Pennant Race.
?
ST. LOUIS, April 19.— "Cy" Young proved a
veritable stumbling block to the Pittsburg
team to-day In the opening game of the season.
He allowed but five hits, Ftruek out nine men
and fielded his position brilliantly. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 7 1
Pittsburg 0 5 2
Batteries: St. Louis— Young and O'Connor;
Pittsburg— Lcever, Waddell and Zimmer. Um
pire, Hurst.
CINCINNATI, April 19.— Before a throng of
almost 12,000 people the Cincinnatls were forced
to lower their colors before the Chicago team in
the opening game of the season. None of the
pitchers used showed proper form and runs
were plentiful as a consequence. On the bases
the locals fairly ran away from their opponents,
but they cou'.d not make their hits count as
well a3 did the Chicagos. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Cincinnati 10 13 3
Chicago 13 14 *
Batteries: Cincinnati— Phillips, Scott and
Peltz; Chicago— Griffith, Menefee and Dono
hue. Umpire, O'Day.
NEW YORK, April 19.— Fifteen thousand peo
ple witnessed the opening of the baseball sea
son at the Polo Grounds this afternoon. The
local club's new team showed up remarkably
well. The Brooklyns up to the seventh inning
were unable to solve Carrick's pitching. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 3 7 3
New York '. 2 10 . 1
Batteries: Brooklyn— Kennedy and McGulre;
New York— Carrlck and Grady. Umpire. Em«
lle.
BOSTON, April 19-^-Ten thousand people saw
the opening game to-day, when the home team
was beaten by Philadelphia. The visitors had
a great lead until the ninth, through the
steadiness and effective pitching of Orth, but
then came a streak of batting and Boston tied
the score. Th 9 battlne was the feature. The
score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Boston 17 25 5
Philadelphia 19 19 2
Batteries: Boston— Willis, Bailey, Nichols
and Clark and Sullivan; Philadelphia— Orth,
Bernhardt and McFarland. Umpire, Connolly.
•
AMERICAN LEAGUE GAMES.
Pitcher Amole of Buffalo Shuts Out
Detroit Without a Hit.
DETROIT. April 19.— Amole achieved the
distinction of shutting out the Detroit team
without a hit or a run in the opening game of
the American League season with Buffalo this
afternoon. Detroit had only five men on first
base during the nine Innings. The game was
preceded by a procession of the two teams
through the business portion of the city head
ed by 200 members of the local branch of the
Elks At the ball grounds Mayor Maybury
pitched the first ball to Charley Bennett, the
famous ex-Boston catcher, who lost both his
legs a few years ago. Score:
Club*- R- H. E.
Detroit ° 2 f
Buffalo 8 7 1
Batteries: Detroit— Cronln and Shaw; Buffalo
— Amole and Speer.
KANSAS CITY, April 19.— Four thousand per
sons wltnersed the opening game of the Ameri
can League season here to-day. Kanias City
lost to Minneapolis in the ninth inning. Errors
and slow work were the cause. Score: ,
Clubs- R- H. E.
Minneapolis 9 1J 3
Kansas City 8 12 3
Batteries: Minneapolis— MeCann, Dlxon and
Fisher; Kansas City— Patten and Gendlng.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 19.— Indianapolis and
Cleveland were unable to play to-day on ac
count of the soggy condition of the new
grounds. The reason will be opened to-morrow.
No More Dread of !
the Dental Ghair. \
Our offices are c onven ! I f nt '? > ?.it nt?n t '? (
elaborately arranged with ";«\» te
Operating Itnrans tor each P a f ient ' (
with all mMern appliances, an.l are
the only dental parlors In San Francisco (
that have the patent appliance ana in-
gredients to extract, fill ami apply Ro>« I
and porcelain crowns. un.Utectable
from natural teeth, an.l warrante.l for |
10 years, without the least rart'f l^ °{
pain. Gold crowna ami teeth without (
plates. eoh\ filling and all other den-
tal work done painlessly ami by spe- I
TEETH EXTRACTED and filled '
absrlutely without rain by our late
scientific method. No sleep-producing
igrents or cocaine.
In our GOLD CROWNS ami
BRIDGE WORK, of which we are
making a SPECIALTY, the most
BEAUTIFUL. PAINLESS ami DLR-
ABLE of all dental work known to
the profession, you will flml an exam-
ple of the HIGHEST ARTISTIC AT-
TAINMENT, the adaptability of which
to the HYGIENIC conditions of the
mouth Is unquestioned.
Any work that should not prove sat-
isfactory will be attended to. without
charge, at our nearest office.
You may hr>.ve your TEETH OUT IN
THE MORNING and go home with
. NEW ONES THE SAME DAY.
NO CHARGE for painless extraction
when teeth are orderej. All work
done by graduate dentists n£ 12 to 20
yearn' exix-rlencef a specialist in each
department. We will tell you in ad-
vance ' exactly what your work will
cost by a free examination. Give U3
a call, and you will find we do exactly
is we advertise.
Gold Crowns. $5: Full SeJTeeth.
$ii* Bridftcwork. S3 » Gold FUl-
lnft<«. 81 up« Silver FllUnsls. sOc.
fit} PLATES ||p£?^
PAINLESS Of teeth 1, a
EXTRACTIONS HX f
specialist, who devotes his entire time
to this branch. He la employed from
morr.ing until night every day In the
year at this one branch, simply be-
cause his fame has gone abroad to
such an extent that people from far
and near crowd the office to have their
teeth extracted at the only place where
it la done absolutely without pain.
His reputation comes from years of
successful practice.
None are so successful as those that
are best prepared and who devote their
entire livts to a given work, hence the
success of the well-known and Justly
world-renowned Dentists.
NEW YORK
DENTAL PARLORS,
723 MARKET ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS^
PORTLAND, OR.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.Death of Mrs. Frank Mahon.
Catherine Mahon, wife of Frank Mahon
of this city, died at her home. 2006 Wash
ington street, yesterday. Deceased was
a sister of Mrs. Joseph Pescia. whose hus
band, the well-known physician, died but
a few days ago. Mrs. Mahon was a native
of Philadelphia.
BOHEMIAN PICTURES
BRING SMALL PRICES
A Large and Fashionable Crush but
No Monsy in the
A lartrc and f.-ii-liionable audience—prob
ably with plenty of mqney. but not with
a desire to part with it— assembled in the
jinks room of the Bohemian Club last
evening to assist at the picture auction,
the proceeds of which wore to pay off the
li<->h«mian *Jrovc- debt.
It was a froety audience, and try as
they would Auctioneers Sloss, Gerberding
ana Horace Plntt could not coax more
than levers! hundred dollars from out all
« f the assembled pockets. Many pictures,
for lack of a suitable offer, were with
drawn from th" sale.
Tr:fld Welch* "Foggy Morning in a
Horse Corral" brought the highest price
in the Ba!e. Jlort. Altogether the club re
alized about $1700 on the thirty pictures
that were sold.
Boys' school shoes, worth $2, for $1 a
pair at the Boston Shoe Co.. 775 Market.*
Cannot Divert St. Mary's Park Fund.
City Attorney Lane yesterday advised
the Board of Supervisors that the $125,000
set aside by the last board for the pur
pose of acquiring St. Mary's Park is pro
tected against any diversion by the char
ter and the statutes of. March 19, 18S9.
The City Attorney holds that the money
was raised for the purpose of purchasing
the property and not for general ex
penses.
WILY JAPANESE TRY
TO CONCEAL CRIME
» — .
DETECTIVE ED GIBSON is search
ing for O. Kuroyamagi, a Japanese
wanted for chopping one of his
countrymen named T. Takahashi
about the head with a hatchet some days
ago in a lodging house at BIOV2A Stockton
street. Takahashl is still under the care
of physicians and it is feared that he will
The action of the injured man's friends
in concealing the crime from the officer*
for some time is responsible for the cul
prit's escape. They called the police ear
ly Monday morning and told that the as
sault had been committed about 9 o'clock
the previous evening, and stated that they
intended keeping the matter a secret, but
when they came to the conclusion that
the victim would die they thought it besi
to bring the case under the official eye.
When the surgeon nt the Receiving Hos
pital examined the wounds it was found
that the Japanese had again misrepre
sented matters, as the wounds had been
Inflicted at least three days before, in
stead of a few hours, as the witnesses
claimed.
The injuries received by Takahashl are
•likely to prove fatal because of the lack
of medical treatment he received after
the wounds were inflicted by Kuroyamagi.
The wounded man and his countrymen
are loth to give any reason for the ter
rible blows. From what could be gleaned,
both men are rivals for the hand of a
pretty geisha girl, who bestowed her
f.miles on both with equal warmth. Last
Hunday night Kuroyamagi called on his
lady love and. on finding his rival there,
became insanely jealous, and picking up
the only weapon in sight, which was a
cleaver, he' started to make mincemeat of
TakahashL Tb« woman's screams and
Sixth annual picnic of the Benevolent
Society Star of Finland, to be held at
Schuetzen Park, Sunday. April 22, 1900.
Games and gate prizes. Boats leave Tibu-
ron ferry, foot of Market street, at 9:30
fend 11 a. m. and 1:30 and 3:30 p. m. Re-
turning special train will leave the park
at 6:30 p. m. Round trip tickets, including
admission to the park, adults, 50c; chil-
dren, 25c. •
Death of Mrs. Pope.
Mrs. Emllle D. Pope, the wife of Fran
cis Pope and the daughter of John T.
Doyle, died at her father's residence in
Menlo Park yesterday. The funeral will
take place this morning: at half-past V)
o'clock from the Church of the Nativity.
The deceased was 31 years of age.
Executive Committee Named.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Im
provement Association held last night
President George R. Fletcher named the
following members to act«as an executive
committee: D. J. O'Leary. C. B. Perkins,
Leon Samuels. Timothy Treacy, Grattan
D. Phillips, Nathan Bibo. Philip S. Fay,
C. W. Pope, Andrew McElroy, N. B.
Greensfelder, D. I. Haley, Richard
Wheeler, William Eager. John Lackmann
Ira B. Dalziel, A. B. Truman. Daniel Han
nah. J. M. Wilkins. Dr. C. D. Salfield, H.
E. F. Williams. Charles Alpers. • Richard
Kellar. F. O, Heuston, H. Ladd. W. A.
Asmussen. C. W. Mark. Joseph Scheerer,
C. M. Donew, C. J. Williams. Augustus
Tilden, Albert W. Gehrke, Dr. E N
Torello, M. F. Taylor.
Good trunks, valises, dress suit cases
and traveling: rolls. Immense assortment
at lowest prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market st. , •
REMEMBERED THE CITY'S
PLAYGROUND IN HER WILL
Mrs. Jennie McCauley Provided for
an Arch at Entrance to the
Park.
Mrs. Jennie C. McCauley, a woman of
62, who died in this city recently, having
no near relatives, left the greater portion
of her ample fortune to charity and to
Golden Gate Park.
Her estate is estimated at $100,000 and
includes a lot on Mason street, which in
her will she directs be not sold for less
than $75,000. Bequests to friends range
from $3500 to $5000.
The bequest of most importance, how
ever, is that to Golden Gate Park. She
left the residue of her estate, after the
legacies have been paid, for the purpose
of erecting an arch or gateway at the
Haight-street entrance in the name of her
husband, William A. MeCauley. The
amount will not be less than $30,000. Her
charitable bequests are as follows: 'Uni
versity Mound Old Ladies' Home, $10,000;
San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum,
$5000: Maria Kip Orphanage, $5000;. Chi
ldren's Hospital and Training School for
Nurses, $5000: to the Cooper Medical Col
lege to fourfd a bed in the name of the
husband of the testatrix, $5000; to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, $500.
The executors named In the will are J.
B. Rocca and John H. Speck.
PLAN TO INSURE
COMPETITION IN
CITY LIGHTING
Municipal Ownership of
Poles and Wires Is
the Solution.
Supervisor Reed Will Urge Accept
ance of a Proposal of the Inde
pendent Electric Light and
Power Company.
At a meeting of the Committee' on Pub
lic Utilities of the Hoard of Supervisors,
held yesterday afternoon, Supervisor Reed
presented a unique and interesting prop
osition, which may develop into the city's
ownership of electric poles and wires and
make competition In electric lighting per
fectly practicable. In discussing the mat
ter Supervisor Reed declared that he was
authorized to announce that Claus Spreck
cls will erect the necessary poles and
string the required wires to furnish elec
tric lights to the entire city for a sum
to be ttxed Dy A. M. Hunt, general man
ager of the Independent Electric Light
and Power Company.
Supervisor Reed, acting upon a sugges
tion from John D. Spreckels, had inter
viewed Mr. Hunt and was told by him
that the work, roughly estimated, would
cost aDout $242,500. Kecd declared that the
proposition is- an exceptionally good one.
in it he sees the practical solution of
monopoly in electric lighting and the be
ginning of actual competition. If the
city owns its own poles and wires it
achieves a tremendous independence over
any corporation which may hold a mon
opoly. By owning us own poles and wires
the city can have the advantage of bids
tor lighting from companies wnich could
not compete if they were forced to under
go the tremendous expense of erecting
poles and wires. ,•
Reed suggested such an ownership as
a measure well designed to destroy mon
opoly and he declared yesterday that he
will urge its adoption and all that Is
necessary to make it operative upon the
board. He stated further that he believed
mat the Independent Electric Light and
Power Company can do the work for a
sum at least $50,000 less than the city can
do it itself and he will urge that provi
sion be made in the next tax levy for
$*uO,OOO with which to complete the under
taking, , Claus Spreckels having agreed to
do the work and accept payment out of
the next tax levy.
¦This proposition, which throws the elec
tric* llgnt proolem into a reasonable solu
tion of competition, has suggested anoth
er, which probably will also receive at
tention. It is the municipal, ownership of
water mains. Such an ownership would
Invite bids for the sale of water to every
one who had power to bring water to the
city. Within the city all competitors
would be on an equality and a tremen
dous advantage would be won for con
sumers.
DAUGHTERS OF
THE REVOLUTION
HONORED GUESTS
Annual Reception by Sons
of the Continental
Veterans.
Ladies of Sequoia Chapter Entertain
at a Breakfast — Lexington Day
-Observed by Members of
the Order.
Lexington day was observed by the Sons
and Daughters of the Revolution. The
Sequoia Chapter of the Daughters of the
American Revolution had their annual
breakfast at the Occidental Hotel in the
morning and in the evening the California
Society of Sons of the 'American Revolu
tion entertained them at a reception at
the California, at which the members of
the Puerta del Oro and California chap
ters were also guests. Both occasions
were enjoyable.
The breakfast at the Occidental was
attended by fully one hundred guests.
Mrs. C. T. Mills, regent of Sequoia Chap
ter, presided. * The first toast, "The Se
quoia Chapter," was responded to by Mrs.
William Alvord, first regent of the chap
ter. Greetings were extended to the
Puerta del Oro Chapter, represented by
Mra. Bigelow Burns, regent, who respond
ed in a happy speech. Mrs. G. W. Percy
responded to greetings to the Oakland
Chapter, of which she is regent. Mrs. I.
S. Hubbard, a former regent of Sequoia,
responded to the toast, "The Children of
the Revolution," and Mrs. A. W. Truesdell
to "The v Day We Celebrate." Miss
Imogene Hawley recited "Paul Reveres
Rlde^' and the programme closed with the
singing of "America." Mrs. F. Thorn
and Mrs. White represented the California
Club.
The reception at the California was the
second given by the California Society of
Sons of the American Revolution and the
most successful. The parlors and halls
¦were decorated with potted plants and cut
flowers and the Hawaiian Quintet Club
rendered excellent music. Several hun
dred guests were In attendance. Refresh
ments were served at 10:30 o'clock. The
reception committee was composed of
Sidney M. Smith. Sheldon I. Kellogg and
George W. Spencer.
The officers of the society are: Presi
dent. William M. Bunker; senior vice
president. \V. H. Jordan; junior vice
president. George W. Spencer: secretary.
Edwin . Bonnell; treasurer. Charles H.
Warren, and registrar. Colonel A. S. Hub
bard.
of a communication from the London,
Chamber of Commerce which is of inter
est to California canners and exporters.
At a meeting of the Preserved Food Sec
tion of the London Chamber the question
of allowances for blown tins of preserved
fruits (fermented) was discussed. The
recommendation was that such goods
should not be sold for food, but they
should be destroyed and full allowance
made therefor by the packers. The rec
ommendation was adopted by all the lead
ing houses in England.
Iowa's Men in Parade.
Since all the boys in blue have left for
the Philippines there has been little or
no marching of Uncle Sam's fighters
through the streets of San Francisco and
the first parade in some months past will
take place to-morrow afternoon when the
officers and men of the battleship lov/a,
now lying in the harbor, will parade,
headed by their own band. The objective
point is the Columbia Theater, to which
playhouse they have been invited for the
matinee performance of West's Minstrels.
The ofliccrs are to occupy the boxes at
theshouse and some two hundred or more
seats in the body of the theater have been
reserved for the sailors. There will be
many special features on the minstrel
programme for the matinee and alto
gether the performance promises to be
an unusually interesting event.
HAS A BAD ATTACK
OF MISPLACED LOVE
Lawrence Hanrihan Determined to
Kidnap Mrs. Latham's Pretty
Daughter-in-Law.
Lawrence Hanrihan. a young man liv
ing in the Winchester House on Third
street, is suffering from a bad attack of
misplaced love, and it has got him into
trouble. Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Anne
M. Latham 1143 Folsom street. , accom
panied by her son and daughter-in-law
called upon Judge Cabaniss and asked for
a. warrant for Hanrihan's arrest Mrs
tlfe be™b c™ made the follo%vin S statement of
"This young man Hanrihan called at
my house a week ago and forced his wav
in He said he wanted to see my son's
wife, but she was not at home. He went
away, but returned yesterday and broke in
the rear door. He searched the house for
my daughter-in-law' and when he found
her he grabbed her by the wrist and
began to drag her out of the house sav
ing- that she must live with nobody but
him. She screamed and my son and I
ran to her assistance and beat him off.
\\e threatened to send for the police and
he went away."
"But why should he try to get your
daughter-in-law away from your house'"
asktd the Judge.
\'? c.e .J vas . a 1 i >Vf>r of mine." blushinglv
saiC the daughter-in-law, "and when I
married my husband two weeks ago he
threatened that he would yet have me'
and he has been annoying me ever since "
The Judge ordered that a warrant for
Hanrihj-.n's arrest for disturbing the
peace should be issued, and after Mrs
Latham senior had sworn to it the trio
went away perfectly satisfied.
J at «\ Thomas Cluff has been filed in the
Probate Court. It puts the value of the
property at ?76.r.-55. The interest of the
deceased in the business of (Tuff Brothers,
a tnree-eiphths share, is valued at $43 76'
pSllcy n for € VV r i 0.0.>x c ltem IS a " fe Insura>nc «
KRELING'S WATCH
IS RECOGNIZED BY
HIS NEPHEW
Saw Him With It Shortly
Before His Body Was
Found.
Captain Ssymour Anxious to See Mrs.
John Kreling- to Have Her Ex
plain Some Discrepancies
in Her Story.
•
Captain of Detective? Spymotir and his
men are Ftiil Btrlvlcs to unravel the mys
tery attending the death of F. W. Kreling.
They are s?avi?tied that Kreling was nut
murdered, but either committed suiqide
or was accidentally drowned. The find
ing: of bia gold watch in a pawnshop
[(•«« to make the mystery deeper than
rrer,
Karly yesterday morning Seymour sent
Detective Harper to the pawnshop to get
the -watch. ai= he thought that some of the
relatives of the dead man would attempt
to redeem it. Harper went to the place
as soon as it was opened and took posses
sion of the time-piece. A few minutes
later three relaUvt-s of Kreling appeared,
intending to secure the watch. Charles
Kreling, the nephew of the deceased, was
subsequently sent for by Captain Sey
mour, and after closely examining the
watch he positively identified it as the
jiropertji of Kreling. He had seen it a
number of times in the possession of the
<;ld man and could not be mistaken in
his identification. A jeweK-r named Mus
grav«\ who has a store la the Mission,
al*«o recognized the time-piece as the prop
erty of Krelmg. He had repaired it on
September 'Si last at the direction of Krol
ing. The latter informed the jeweler that
lie had bought the watch from a friend
who was in nard luck and seemed to prize
it very highly.
The fact tnat the watch was pawned
right days after the body of Kreling was
lound leads the police to believe that he
had either unconsciously left tho time
piece behind him when he disappeared cr
intrusted it to the care of Mrs. Juhn Krel
ing. It is known that Mrs. Kreling gave
the watch to the Market-street saloon
keeper to pawn, as she claimed she was
linancialiy embarrassed and needed the
money. The saloon-keeper, not wanting
to be known in the matter, sent young
Donnelly to the pawnshop, where he sold
the watch for about one-third its value.
Tho money derived from the v.atch was
turned over to Jlrs. Kreling.
Captain Seymour last night endeavored
tn see Mrs. Kreling. but she could not be
found. There are several discrepancies in
her story relative to how she became pos
sessed of the watch that he is anxious
to have her fxp^ain.
BANK COMMISSIONERS
EXPOSE A BIG FRAUD
D. H. Jones of the Guaranty Loan
and Trust Company Proven a
Wily Schemer.
'D. H. Jones, the head of the Guaranty
Loan and Trust Company, has been heard
from again. Some time ago the Bank
Commissioners of California addressed a
letter to Jones asking: him whether he
was complying with the laws of this
State, as he advertised to have a house
or agency in this city as the headquarters
of the enterprise. To this letter Jones re
plied that he was complying with the
banking laws of New York, and that the
Bank Comptroller of New York had rated
the Guaranty Loan and Trust Company
highly. A letter has Just been received
by the Bank Commissioners from the Su
perintendent of Banks in New York State
in which the statement is made that there
iss no officer in that State known as the
Bank Comptroller. "The Superintendent
of the Banks of the State of New York,"
so the letter reads, "has not examined
the Guaranty Loan and Trust Company
and it Tiolds no license from me to do
business in this State under the banking
law. Whatever business it may have done
in this State has been conducted in such
a manner that it has not previously been
called to my attention."
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. r ; | y THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
tf ° ' " * " ........
£ 5000 Key West Clear Havana Cigars on Special Sale OK*» «
| to-day only— s for >
i [No transaction complete until customer is satisfied. x
tt Brine the Chil- nmaa^ fi *_¦¦_ W t \\ •*
»; Cockatoos . WtMr B Cigar
I AWonde'rfnlPer- P^yiffSff To-day (fri- SUkoleSiO Ever hear of 80 GOOtt BOti Here's an at- Window V
| fomance-ioto GQrsas f2' 2 G, f^vg^fa 6c the yard. tIfVZ S^ssiing foe. i(SS?. Bp 7S for *
$12 a. m., 2to 5 cffer3 20C0 packs of playing cards— with ' ca y Friday Only, for hotel and house "%
% p. m. picture of Emporium on the backs— equal quality Silko!ene. suitable for draperies, keepers. In the face of a stiff advanc3 in I Saturday ! «
% Daily Exhibition in Quality to any 35c cards on the market comforters, etc. ? There are 10 different the price of sheetings, ws offer one cx.-« »J
X Hall, Second the extraordinary special price, patterns in this lot in pretty and effective of g ? od qaality ronai threai nableached Ntgnt j,
tffif c* s-% t j-j»r- v j . pheeting. 2 yards wide (for three-quarter o-,-,--/^,f« *
X tJoor—iree. £ FacllS? 25C. co oringj. The very special price is for bed*)— to-day while qiantity la^ts, r er ,%
$-f ißarraln Table-Main Aide. Friday Oniy-J&rt 6O yard ....". **~ -
*rr h jL B J!gl^l%Z Dress Goods Remnants. %z-ss *Q {
| fit %Tn' (todj ." One-Quarter Off-Friday Only. Waists isf *
X inches), made of __JL Hundreds of remnants of this season's choicest Black and Colored «§<? /70 y^P^v *?
J JafaS/i fa anas' Dress Fabrics, accumulated during the busy weeks before Easter highly £ w J^J^g M%?f } \ J
•» sortment of col- |]j|J j| ]ff7ff desirable styles in lengths ranging from 121 2 to 6 yards, suitable for ed Effect Madras Mv£«^^A\" A •*
g ors, fitted with jmJJJj JJ Ii jM Waists, Skirts and Children's Dresses, are offered for Friday only Shirt -VVaLjt?, "5
* tw ? seed C "P'- PflFfwjf™ at one-quarter off the already reduced prices. th « yer 7 lat f s * :5: 5
J» swing and 3 -Jjrljj-jjy ju^r cvt > no vote. j^j^(. «J
*» perches, regular- "^^E^ESSC^Ny " fin? pearl * but- ir i \\\V %
ft ly . 95c each, £ _^-» -»*» — . . n ... , /-vrr^x —*- ~~'_- - tons ' aII s i 2M '''I \v* At
& which we offer Friday enly as $9. 00 TrUltk ° n s P ecial " l 3 .s^lSFSlb $1.23 and and color?, regu- J \\ {£
S ; t^«^^^ Wo rarW.a(| I g$K#E M$M& $1- 30 SaS' Friday I
I H^rni.h, n ;' Depart^ fd. water-proof painted Trunks, bound with igMgp^ NGGkWBSr Oriy.. l^'^ZZ'.Sl \
$ • leather all around, heavy corner c:amps top I gmQ
J»* ffi^iSSit POIBii Sltt! and bottom, four hardwood straps on top and I jwfflkX 33 G0 Only 100 of *S
tf t> *.V^B VS^~ -9 two all around body, steel strap hinges cop- fifjM thefe, this Feason's most stylish 69 OC C&.' H 4 "«
H mbp&GHtG/ i tt2*GS YCm per riveted, brass lock. These trunks have VWM Lrerty Chiffon Fedora Neck Ruff.*, & *£.*£& Onl/*! .%
tf Th . two cloth-faced bonnet boxes and an extra M^l'Vl fll silk, wiih Silk Ties of same GhGlfliSQ "5
I c*i££%y kms" ;Eil^& &S3 iiiS^^iwo to-b^^so. g
l&ft&H&hi m"^°^ * 653 mM°"'y **° ril^ScSr:?
J(*W find the — H^**tJ£\ two in3 « rtlon3 ™ d J*
5 c S 'ls* C tidi?a '^ teSfSS*S»» *y\ e °S e °* Torchon l€
|«8 M£i v f 7Z« Big Clothing Bargains Kr~°zZfttl££?'?ts
* : V^rn^f «LTS For Friday and Saturday. %S%m sS-il^SSc |
6 M *>»Zr rw^W Jr m^p , , r-. » .1 j a I \^ at bottom, regular- '•
i HT^virs^r H™ c j^ . Men's and Boys' well made, good Vlv * 2 .25, wiii be :?
g The ; rep _ fitting; hi^h grade suits, at about half FTT< ' ff !lS* s^ ld spec^ frim 5
J» resent a srocial purchas3 of 210 dozen yCw* (—( — real WOrtJl *
I few^ozaneU^oi^rTinco'o^d^ks 3 /S^S I==^ r °> £ * SS.OO and $6.50 KnOC Panis — " — $I*sO :«
& On sile to-day (Friday) _ ( \ ft \£J Suits $3.95— it different styles of 3-piece suits, § n fznts. 9 51.75 Lonn Slips s
ar only each #C V \ L~ /^M\n goods and fashion, hav ; ng only arrived from >.ew /or ,>/.25, fiae Nainsook, boaati- .J
$ Pv iJC^/C Vn\ York wit ! lin pa3t month ' £ervlc3ab ' e « allvosl material. 'ally finished, tucked yoke with hand- 5
& F"ili*nßfUl*G Incomparably J r^r~tr /Af r °( A \ Btout linin 2*« cut and fit P srre3t - sin S le or double work and embroidery. re^larly $1.75. *«
?¦ Specials. l M "TV" i~I \*&l thTteatir^aUV^ SJLT^ ~«2 '^ f^ °^ s1 m 25 5
J- , „., Pc f A Tiff NIV the b '* StOrB At the F/tjda y anti &9 QSZ MueUn Wear D-pt.-Second Floor. $
£» niture for Friday and Saturday f Saturday pr'ca &*F.%31& j*
;*¦ only: " / \\ 1 Hoys' Long Pants Suits $4.95— Rjal ,J
% Dcnfng Chairs-Box seat uphol- ' \\\j . 37.50 vake,. in -i^s for boys 13 to 19 years of tfnOX Bfacfo S
W orth?4-for 2 days only, each / /"M \U wearing qualities guaranteed, the appearance and Our finest $4 quai- __ •*
X ff"^'v«^«— Solid 'M'dVn"onk nr'mf \ **P JX\ rice will both please you. Friday and f+y* OK ity, Split-straw Sai 1 - (EZL~ga >T
»", CfOr f •i[¦ iT fi. i 1 cVh <^k Saturday vnlv &*£•.&& ore, Knox block, fin- - H
i u»Fr2T£l?zJJ*%7"'-z? S5 but 67 suits now remain - but liM of siz?s is stiU com - d *y on 'y w)** **i£# i
$ c^rvi^s recularv sfo-SDecHfor '^ Pete; these handsome B!ack Suits, tough", of a retiring manufacturer at ahout 56c on 52.00 <& %
* can'.gs, reguiany $ij speci iior. the dollar> are made of fuil . weiKrht imported black woriteds; they are cut in 3 styles- Roses 12h3 Eunch-IMs sea- X
*• Book Case— "^'oiiTeoiVen oak 'with round - corn ered sacks, cutaway frock? an! Pr.no Alberts; trimming! and tailoring the gon ' g> a ;i t^ Q new co loring 3, 3ina «J
t? mirror top, worth $15— 3per.kl for 2 ve . ry best; lhis is a never- to-be-repeated chance to get a realty good b ack qa bunch, reds, pink, Royal blues and '?
tk davg ' $12 25 su ' 1 or %j98*9a&%0 Jacqueminot, regularly 25c a bunch — )t
$ China diosi i— Solid'g'olden oak, 1 on spec ial sale Friday only, two •{
4T high polish, h^s French plate mirror, ~ ~~ " bunches for 252 j%
&; worth §l=.. r »:— spcciil for2dar^ rrlv. <$2 !I QQ Pf2<FSBZ'J2§QnS 750 FIIQOV A bargain for house- Mininery-Second Floor. X
I il5 - BO To-Day 91.28. * i«rj »»<. Brush 49c. %S5?»£V*Z ? ~11 7 he , „ ¦ i
** SneciaiSm PTICeS "" Life Photographs, just received by v*. Such ii HO LiqUOrS. til closing .J
& «-»#*«*«*•«¦'=»• f| a y an( j Satur- popular subjects as 'The Broken Engage- $trfffiFffiffi&&f S:=:==:=^ time Saturday : ;,J
ft" day only: ment," "Enraptured," "Interrupted," "The I * l *' l^ Flour— Emporium Best Family Flour, •*
$ Tnaostrv Garnet*— VO rolls of ? irst ? tep '" etc ", etc ' J iU be °- n Bp2cial sa . le ever - v " ck guaranteed, per sack..73o «J
i' hSvv fl'Tre wri? (the 90c iqS \i t y) only. These pictures are in Emporium Whole Wheat or Graham Flour. '$
f!^««r rfvSvTnJ l! 11l ii- meiallion form. 12x15 inches in size, have with 4-foot handle; wi'l outwear a dczen 10-1 b sack, for two days 17c •«
8 BpeciaHor two day^ set Ted ll d and ls " inch burnished «"* fram . e with large ar- corn brooms; regular y 75c each, - Q Es G !o MJik 2 cans for 250 \
$ wrf LrvaH %Br tistic cornere - R9guar price ?2 - 00 ' sa!e tor Friday oniy 49C Rico-Best J.pan. 12 lbs for SOc 3
g Fiber Garpe'ts-Thl' quality Sid price $I'2B1 ' 28 k«»*-*™*m*** Department. Oats-Bet Eastern, 10 lbs 250 •{
5 pegnlf r'y at 65c and 75c per yard, in a — Ivory Soap-For two days 4 bar^.. %
fif new line of patterns — 3pecial for two __^__ ¦*¦¦¦¦ lbiisi «ja ..,_ krw*^ «v« d Vrf *C P H ' v° «
$ Smy^^kugs^^^c^xe- ,2^ffft^3 QvP Cc^a^^n^owrfcon'iv^S- I
Jf reguhHy fSSs "each— special for'^o fP l <fißfltl^ > Brft "B^fWlfaf*- '6^^ W Sfa S^sfai *^ #fy— Our popular seller, per gallon j
f second "n^R«" * 15 ° CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE L^sh^sßittcrs-Pcrbcttlf^o S
FRANCHISE FOR
VALLEY ROAD IS
IN GREAT FAVOR
Supervisors' Committee Is
Inclined to Grant Its
Petition.
Application of Bay and Coast Rail
way May Be Denied as the
Concern Exists Only on
Paper.
9
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday practically decided to recommend
that the application of the Valley road for
a franchise along Illinois street for a
double-track steam railway be granted.
Attorney C. P. Preston, Chief Engineer
Storey and Vice Preseident Payson of the
San Joaquin branch of the Santa Fe sys
tem addressed the committee and re
quested that the application be allowed,
as a transcontinental line was involved in
the project and the interests of the com
munity were vitally affected. It was in
tended, he said, to ultimately connect
with the main line. Attorney Preston
stated that the franchise could not be sold
by the city, as the charter provision ap
plied only to streetcar lines. Franchises
for steam railways were governed by the
provisions of the code, one of which was
that the life of such franchises shall be
fifty years.
The committee postponed final action for
one week to get legal advice as to its
powers.
The Bay and Coast road did not fare so
well in its application for a franchise to
enter the city at Twenty-fourth street.
Attorney Baggett and J. B. Cronan ap
peared for the road, but the committee
appeared to think that there was not suf
ficient evidence of the existence of the
concern and that it appeared to exist on
paper only.
'"What evidence are you prepared to
give," inquired Supervisor Curtis, "that
your scheme is bona fide?"
Baggett replied that the company did
not desire to give out too much informa
tion, as the other roads might take advan
tage of it. He stated that any other guar
antee of good faith the board might desire
would be gladly furnished. ' He denied
that the Southern Pn citic Company was
behind the scheme. The matter was then
laid over for further investigation.
Dr. Dorothea Moore, president of the
California Club, addressed the committee
on the protest against the destruction of
Telegraph Hill, and the matter was re
ferred to the Board of Public Works.
Chief of Police Sullivan asked that ac
tion be taken In the matter of removing
obstructions from the sidewalks. He
stated that he had instructed his men to
remove poles, awnings, etc., and desired
information regarding special permits
granted by vie board. Chairman Maguire
said that the subieet would be finally dis
posed of at next Monday's meeting.
DEATH CLOSES CAREER
OF ANOTHER PIONEER
JOHN BARTON, a pioneer of '43. and j
a business man who did much ;
toward the development of the Pa- j
citic Ccast. died yesterday after- j
noon in the apartments at th<» Palace Ho- !
tel which he has occupied with his fam- j
ily for several years. He was SC years '
old. For several years Mr. Barton had j
been suffering from a chronic complaint, ;
R-hlch finally resulted in blood-poisoning. !
He v..is taken seriously ill three days aso !
and was attended by Dr. Boynton. His j
< :.<j v.as peaceful. Mrs. Barton survives |
her husband, also a son. William F. Bar- j
ton. and a daughter. Miss Grace Thnmp- i
son }:::rton. who is now In Paris. There !
are also two surviving brothers of the !
deceased residing here, Hcrace W. ana j
]{. V. Barton.
J. ;.:i Barton was perhaps best known ;
bere p.s the president of the Union Pa- j
elite Salt Company, of which, he was the i
founder. He was born at Leicester, j
Mn.-s.. Scptrirber 13. ISI3, and came of i
Revolutionary stock. Coming to Califor- |
r.ia in I>W in search of gold, he soon saw
that the easier way to fortune was In I
trading, and a few months later opened '
Lan auction and commission business in.
Sacramento, where he remained for many
years.
He was the pioneer salt manufacturer
on the Pacilic Coast. He entered upo:.
the business in a small way in I*6S, but it
\\as not until two years later that he or
ganized the big corporation, of which he
was still president at the time of his
death.
Aside from the Fait business Mr. Bar
ton Invested capital in many enterprises
that helped build up the city and the
coast. He secured the original franchise
for the Sutur-=treet railroad, and was one
of the founders of the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company, of which he was a
director and member of the finance com
mittee for many years. He was the first
depositor in the Pather Bank, now known
as the San Francisco National Bank, and
always a stanch supporter of that insti
tution. H«* was (jlso a director in the
Commercial Insurance Company and for
years h» id the same position In'the Union
Insurance Company.
In politics Mr. ilarton was a stanch Re
publican and always took a prominent
part in all movements that were for
the reform of municipal affairs. He was
an honored and highly respected citizen
and his death will he considered a great
loss to the community.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
An Oakland boy, Harry
Huber, -was the first prisoner
taken by the Filipinos and re-
mained in captivity over a
year. His thrilling escapes
from death and the final res-
cue of his party by the Ameri-
cans, to be fully appreciated,
must be read as he tells them
in The Sunday Call of April
Thomas Cluff's Estate.
The appraisement of the estate of the
Canners Are Warned.
The Chamber of Commerce is In receipt
O. KUROYAMAGI.
the cries of the victim aroused the other
lodgers In the house and they prevented
murder being done by disarming Kuroya
magi. An attempt was then made to hush
the matter up, and it would have suc
ceeded but for the critical condition of the
wounded man. - • . •¦*.'.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUdAL PUMPS:
l/n/"fcr*U & Drain Amalgamators, open*-
l\i\U*Jli Injr dally: 1 xo-Hp. grisollne -a-
Klae cheap. • Stevenson. S. V.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Oo*rat!nn Dally. CSS Sixth Str»«t
BYRON JACKSON.
DSEDGINQ PUMPS.
oil. OMoUne. Steam Holstt. CentrlTacal Pomps.
EBCinM&Bollar*. HcndyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Ptippir fresh or salt water for ilule* boxes:
Hrt or low lifts. Btmoßds. S3 Market st.
GOL"> SEPARATOR.
Cretan* Gold Separator and Amalgamator trt
dally operation. Wm. R. Birch & Co.. US Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. C» Fol-
nom «tr»«t. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GROCERIES #NT> PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard.
508 Fourth, 1302 Polk and IIU Stockton. S. F.
MATTESOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Long torn, riffles and carpet combined savm
placer cold. VAN WINKLE. 415 Market st.
LTQUORS-
WHICIfFV v CAHEN A SON.
TT nioiVL I 4U Sacramento.
PLATES FOR SAVINO GOLD.
Fr?ia#x!«ln * Borrldge. S Hardl* o!ac«. ett
Rearny. between Sutter and nusa streets.
r. W. BEKU Central Platlnr Worm, M in,.
»lrn at.. S. F. Phone Jetsle 3SI.
PORTABLE fOUSES.
HURXHAM-STANDEFOIID CO.. Washington
mi Ist »t».. Oakland, or Ba!ld*ra* Ex.. 3. I*.
GASOLINE E%OINE^.
HTTRCULKS GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First St.. S. F.
ENGINES. BCILERS. ETC.
TMKTR * HAMILTON. Knjrlnes and IV>!l*r»:
lowest orlees on th* coaat. Pin* * Davts sts.
FUBS.
FUn COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOKFLICH. lIS Grant a»«.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE * CO.. manufacturer*, tu«s, tt»*s
covers. II and S3 CalKonH* at.
5
THE LATE JOHN EARTONCamera Club Exhibition.
The California Camera Club will give its
regular monthly • exhibition this evening.
The pictures to be shown are from the
Buffalo, Syracuse , and . Detroit Camera
clubs. After the exhibition the following
programme will be rendered: Tenor solo,
George- A. Rice; elocution, humorous.
Miss Florence Lyons; vocal solo, : Miss
Maria Venchlaruttl;, elocution, dramatic.
Miss Madge Corcoran; Professor Alfred
Benzon. thirteen miryjtes with the cards.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 19. — Henry
Schrltzzebel of San Jose. P. W. Kemp of
California and W. G. Felker 'of Santa
Cruz are at the St. James.
Printing, engraving, die-sinking^ stamp-
ins and embossing done In our stationery
department. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market st. •
THE MORMON INCREASE.
THE clergy of other denominations have recently
on several occasions girded severely at Mor
nionism. The secular student of history ami
affairs always shrinks from an attack upon any form
of the religious idea, for such attack invariably is fol
lowed by the accession of converts to the idea that is
assailed. The annual conference of the Mormon
church, recently held at Salt Lake, reported the pas'.
twelve months to be the banner year in the history
of the church. Its membership increased 20 per
cent. It extended its influence and its increase in
numbers over Utah. Idaho and Wyoming. Such
marked progress, closely following the rigid enforce
ment of the anti-polygamy laws and the escheating
of its secular property to the Federal treasury, stands
in evidence of the value to the leaders of a religious
cult of any policy that can be construed into perse
cution. Of course the Mormon leaders will deny that
the progress of their church is due to such purely
material influences, and will claim that it is a mani
festation of that supernatural favor of which they
claim to have been the beneficiaries ever since their
settlement in the wilderness of the Utah basin.
Still, from the clear-eyed secular view, it may, be
claimed that the otUcr sects make a mistake in dwell
ing too much upon their notion of Mormon imper
fections and too little upon the merits of their own
belief.
In these days a church makes but little headway by
devoting its time to telling how bad others are rather
than in proving how good it is. The Mormon church
is. in its essence, the greatest co-operative institution
the world has ever seen. It can drop polygamy and
flourish, as long as it adheres to the principle of co
operation, about which so little is known or said by
the outside world.
The success of every Mormon settlement in the
ir.tc4--mountain region is due to intelligent direction
of the settlers in the materialities which furnish their
daily bread. They are not permitted to make mistakes
in the character and fruitfulncss of the land they take,
nnd do not lack intelligent direction in its tillage.
They have but one responsibility, and that is the obli
gation to work. Industry, directed by experience,
has produced a general condition of prosperity and
comfort, and these, with a large percentage of man
kind, make easy the acceptance of any sort of politi
cal or religious vagary. We by no means intend to
characterize the Mormon idea as a vagary, for that
would be injustice to the attitude of several hundred
thousand intelligent Americans who have found re
ligious peace in its acceptance. Still, its success is
The steamship China brought 137 coolies to this
port. The Doric had 132 on board, and now the Xip
pon Maru is in the harbor with 266 more of "mer
chants, students, tourists and native sons." If this
procession keeps up Collector of the Port Jackson
will soon have enough with which to open a new par
lor of native sons.
The express companies have won a victory worse
than defeat in the decision of the United States Su
preme Court that patrons of the monopolies must pay
the war tax. The people do not readily forget or for
give robbery, even if it is official.
MANTLE FOR AUTLMOBILJNG
The mantle represented is in nut colored
leather cloth. The cape over the shoulders
Is pointed In front and edged with a band;
the high collar is stitched all over. Tha
mantle is cut by a bolero at the waist,
fastens down the side and has an outslda
pocket. The back is in flat pleats.
_, _ :— —
Tlie Democrats and ropuhsts seem to have some
difficulty in fusing. There is a difference of opinion
a< to which shall plaj' dog and which the tail.
Carnegie's recent donation to the Boston Library
ivr.s only $100. and a suspicion is abroad that he is
setting down to his small change.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 19.— William Beck
man of Sacramento is at the Gllsey. Rob
ert Oxnard of San Francisco is at the
Buckingham. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
is contracted as well as in-
herited. Only strong lungs
are proof against it.
Persons predisposed to weak
lungs and those recovering
from Pneumonia, Grippe,
Bronchitis, or other exhaust-
ing illness, should take
ScEfpE bnuddm.
It enriches the blood,
strengthens the lungs, and
builds up the entire system.
It prevents consumption and
cures it in the early stages.
..____,s°v and J 1 00 all drueeisw,
iCOTT & bOWNE. Cheraisu. New Votk.
Society women in New York have un-
dertaken to raise a fund of 110.000 for the
widow of Bill Anthony, the famous or-
derly ct the battleship Maine.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) atTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦
As a challenger Collector of the Port Jackson is
eminently a more glittering success than he is as a
defender of his official conduct. Several days have
passed since The Call defied him to throw the records
of the Chinese bureau open to inspection, and the.
Collector is still silent.
The activity displayed by John C. Lynch, Collector
of Internal Revenue, in the affairs of Mexican Dan
ought to suggest to the Collector or to the authori
ties at Washington that Mr. Lynch could be much
more serviceable to the Mexican if he went south to
Democratic voters of this city can have at least one
consolation in the plan of their managers to rob the
rank and file of the right to choose delegates to the
State convention. The delegates will have the un
comfortable sensation of sitting at their own wake.
It is an even wager that if the unfortunate girl who
poisoned herself in the park a few days ago had lived
to accept any of the proposals of marriage made by
sympathetic swains she would have exchanged one,
evil fate to accept another and worse one.
The military authorities at the Presidio will soon
have a splendid opportunity of studying the work of
the ambulance corps under most favorable conditions.
The freshmen and sophomores at Berkeley are going
to revive the annual "rush."
The careers of three clergymen of this State, who
are at present enjoying an unenviable 'notoriety, indi
cate somewhat clearly that the straight and narow
path has some strange twists, even to those who know
the foad.
The local painter who discovered a new way to pay
old debts by having himself registered as dead at the
Morgue ought to celebrate his return to life by hav
ing his name placed in the list of births.
The New ' York bricklayer who hanged himself on
hearing that he had fallen heir to a great fortune
probably wanted to prevent himself from dropping
dead when he received the money. •
The Board of Education intends to make a study of
municipal government compulsory in the schools.
What a frightful possibility this scheme presents for
the development of countless Phelans.
The Paris Exposition is open, but the exhibits, are
not open. The visitor can pay his money to go in,
but will have no opportunity to take his choice about
what he will sec.
CHINESE BUREAU RECORDS
ON" the last three steamers from China arriving
a! this port within a period of twenty days
there were ,535 Chinese. On the China there
ucrc 137. of whom 49 claimed to be natives of this
country. The Doric brought 200, out of which num
l.cr 132 were consigned So this port for admission.
41 of them claiming to be natives. .On the Nippon
Mam, now in port, there are 266.
What disposition has been made of these Chi- j
icsc? How many have been admitted as merchants? j
iiow many as natives of the United States? In these j
questions all Califomians arc interested, for the mat- j
Ut is one of sr-'ve concern to all. Xo answer, how- j
ever, is to be given. Collector Jackson, who but a j
short time ego announced a willingness to have the i
records inspected, copied and published for the infor
mation of the public, and who did, in fact, permit The
Call to obtain the figures which reveal the extent of
Chinese immigration during the last three years, has
now received a new light. He declares that when he I
permitted The Call to have access to the records he
violated orders of the department, and that hereafter
he will be more dutiful in that respect.
The order upon which the Collector relies for
authority to refuse to make public the extent of Chi
nese immigration runs thus: "To Collectors and
other officers of the customs: The department finds I
it necessary to invite your attention to article 1166 of
the customs regulations of 1892 (section 12.498), and
especially to the portions in relation to inspection of
public records and documents, or information ob
tained therefrom, shall not be made or given except •
by or to a person or persons interested therein or
entitled to such privilege. A strict compliance with
the foregoing is enjoined (Signed), O. L. Spaulding,
Assistant Secretary." "—
The order is not grammatical, nor lucid, but ap
pears designed to prevent the private business of im
porters, contained in the records of the Custom
house, from being exposed to examination by rivals
in business, or by any one not concerned in it. Such
a ru!e is undoubtedly right, but it seems a strainc.l
construction to hold that the order denies the right of
the people to have information of matters which are
of a public nature and which do not relate to private
business. At any rate the language of the order con
fers upon the Collector the authority to determine
who are. and who are not interested in ftie records or
entitled to the privilege of inspecting them. It is
upon him. therefore, the responsibility for the refusal
The people of California are undoubtedly inter
ested in Chinese immigration. They are undoubtedly
interested in the manner in which the exclusion act
is being enforced or evaded. To them the records of
the Chinese bureau are matters of public concern,
nnd when they or their representatives of the press !
ask for information they are entitled to the privilege
of inspecting the records and learning the full truth !
of the operations of the bureau. !
It is h:ird!y to be doubted that Collector Jackso-i !
received his new light on the subject and discovered
that he had violated orders in permitting The Call to
inspect the records only after he became aware of the
fact that the records are not creditable to his adminis
tration. Faced with the proof of the enormous irnnii
pmtioii of Chinese, and of the large proportion of the
immigrants admitted as natives and therefore citizens
of the United States, and confronted by the resulting
«li play of popular condemnation, he now seeks to
li! "c from further exposure. The people of Califor
nin rire riot to 'enow how many of recent importations
of Chinese have been admitted. That is the situation.
nnd intelligent men can dr.v.v their own conclusions of j
...... . '
what it signifies.
OVERDOING THE SCHOOLS.
r\ MONG the bills recently introduced into' Con
/ \ gress is one by Representative Marsh of Il
linois designed to extend military instruction
to the public schools of the country. It has been fa
vorably acted upon by the Committee on Military
Affairs and may possibly be brought before the House
at this session.
The bill provides that whereas the national defense
must depend upon the volunteer service of the peo
ple of the several States, and whereas those
cities and towns which shall adopt a system
of military instruction in their public schools
are entitled to the assistance of the Govern
ment, therefore the President may assign re
tired officers and non-commissioned officers, ser
geants, corporals, etc., "in the public schools of the
various cities of the United States where such instruc
tion shall have been authorized by the educational
authorities thereof, and where the services of such in
structors shall have. been applied for by said authori
ties." It is further provided that the city or town au
thorities shall pay the cost of commutation, of quar
ters and the extra duty pay of the officer so assigned,,
and that the Secretary of War shall issue ordnance
stores to the public schools of any city or the nor
mal schools of any State which shall adopt military
instruction as a part of its public school system.
On the face of it the bill seems eminently com
mendable. It appears to fill something like a long
felt want. There is undoubtedly a general yearning
for military instruction, and it may be one of the
things we need most in our national life. Beneath
the surface, however, there are many objectionable
features in the measure. In the first place it would be
difficult to give in the public schools any military in
struction that would be of value in time of war either
to the country or to the pupil. In the second place
the adoption of such an act would tend to start a
rivalry among cities to have as much as possible of
the new instruction, and schools that need all the
money they can get to carry on the present courses of
instruction would be. tempted to make expenditures
for military tuition. Finally the children of our pub
lic schools are already overworked, their attention is
scattered over too many different subjects, and they
have now mbre studies than they can carry on with
any profit to themselves or to the community.
There are limits to the mental and physical powers
of school children, but that fact. appears to be over
looked. Efforts are being made to teach in the pub
lic schools every kind of knowledge and skill. Of
course all knowledge is good. It would be very ex
cellent if during their schooldays our boys and girls
could be taught everything about everything, and
trained in morals, manners, industries, trades, lan
guages, music, art, gymnastics, golf and the art of
war. If a child's mind never flagged, if he could keep
at school twenty-four hours a day, and if his child
hood continued for about fifty years, it might be pos
sible to teach all s.uch things with success. Time and
human nature being what they are, however, there
must be some things left for people to undertake after
they leave school.
At this very time, while this Congressman from
Illinois is seeking to impose a new and additional
training and burUen upon the schools, there is a wail
coming up from Chicago because the pupils in the
schools there are not taught enough of grammar to
write the language with a fair degree of accuracy, nor
enough of any of the elementary branches of learning
to have the basis of an education. A" multitude of
fads or fancy studies take up the time and the ener
gies of the children, and they fail to acquire correct
ness in anything.
Much the same complaint can be heard in all
American cities. The public schools are being over
loaded with studies all along the line. Military in
struction may be a very good thing, but so is indus
trial instruction, and until we have taught the" arts of
peace in the schools it is not worth while to venture
upon the arts of war.
MR. CLEVELAND'S LETTER.
THE activity of the anti-Bryan element in the
Democratic party is not confined to those who
followed the National Democratic Convention
of Indianapolis. It is found among those who sup
ported Mr. Bryan in 1896 on the score of regularity.
Both classes were represented at the dinner of the
Brooklyn Democratic Club. Mr. Cleveland's letter
clearly indicates that his position is unchanged, and
that he stands where he was four years ago, and pre
fers the defeat of Bryanism, which he regards as
I Democratic only in name. He says: "There has
never been a time when false leadership of our party
and a departure from simple Democratic faith have
I not been quickly discovered and ruthlessly rebuked by
! listless support, pronounced defection and bitter de
1 feat." .
Put against this Altgeld's declaration in his Albany
speech, and you have the great gulf that divides the
Democracy of the country. The ex-Governor said:
"In 18S4 nnd in 1802 we won. not by reason of any
thing we stood for, but simply because the Republi-
I cans themselves were weary of their leaders. But we
i stood for nothing, and were despised. We turned our
backs on Jefferson and went chasing after the swamp
I lights of Hamilton, and men arose in their disgust
I and spat on us. The universal verdict of the Democ
i racy is that our national triumph in 1884 and 1892
: was a misfortune for both the country and the party,
and I believe that a majority of the Democrats of
America would rather be defeated for all time than to
have another triumph of that character."
Mr. Cleveland in his letter refers with severity to
the Bryan-Altgeld Democracy as "a party of oppor
tunity, with sails spread for every transient breeze of
popular sentiment or excitement," and that "the
henlthfulness of the party may well be questioned
when it shrinks from such an examination of its po
sition as will enable it to avoid disaster," and that if
those who claim to be the followers of Jefferson "in
this time of doubt and temptation neglect such ex
amination, these conditions should not continue with
out a brave and early Democratic protest."
It would seem that the leaders of the two wings
have thus served notice upon each other and that
neither will surrender. A very significant interpre
tation of Mr. Cleveland's letter was given at the
Brooklyn dinner in the speech of ex-Governor Camp
bell of Ohio, a supporter of Bryan in 1596. who said:
"The party of Jefferson cannot survive half Demo
cratic and half Populistic, but must repudiate the
socialistic theories brought into it by the Populists.
The 16 to 1 theory is dead, and as long as the Demo
crats proclaim their intention to resurrect it their own
resurrection will be postponed." He also reminded
the company that "the army of voters have plenty
of work at good wages, and it will be hard to enlist
their co-operation to destroy oppression in Porto
Rico or stay imperialism in the Philippines unless
we first abandon the menace to thfir own prosperity."
Against this is Altgeld's declaration: "Bryan is an
idol, not a hero. I hear some men say, 'Why could
not Bryan consent to modify some features of the
Chicago platform so that we could unite and then
win?' The moment Mr. Bryan consents to modify
the Chicago platform in any particular, that moment
he is destroyed."
There you have it. The position is more irrecon
cilable than' in 1596. The party is to remain semi-
Populistic; is to go to the cemetery as a body
snatcher to resurrect a dead issue, and stay dead it
self. It is to remain a menace to the prosperity of the
great army of voters, and be "ruthlessly rebuked by
listless support, pronounced defection and bitter de
feat."
Mr. Cleveland won fairly his title of prophet in
American politics, 2nd the country is glad to agree
wiih him in this latest expression. There is but a
single drawback in the matter, and that is that he is
betting on a certainty.
greatly due to the shrewd paternalism so wisely put
in action by as intelligent a company -of leaders of
men as have been on the earth since the Hebrew na
tion flourished and expanded, largely by the same
policy. Fortunately for them their church is safe
from schism as long as its people are held together by
external attacks. When these cease, the individuality,
which no religious fervor can banish from mankind,
will be asserted, and the Mormon church will decline
from internal causes, as is the habit of all organiza
tions.
PASTORS DIFFER
FROM PARKHURST
Would Not Revise the Present
Presbyterian Confession
Its Doctrines, They Say, Are the Same Now as
Ever, and They Cannot and Should
Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst of New York, not being
j[ entirely satisfied with the Westminster Confession of Faith,
has declared that in his opinion it should be renczved, remod
eled and revised. . ¦
He says: y "We want a new creed. Amending this one
will not meet the necessities of the case." He advocates a creed
simple and concise, and, the inference is, omitting much that is in the
present confession. He believes the creed should be brought up to
date, as he says "it is surprising that the Presbyterian church is able
to do as much as it is doing with such an incubus strapped upon us
as we are tottering under in our present confession."
The sentiments of Dr. Parkhurst are not the sentiments of the
Presbyterian ministers of this city nor of the State, for those here
keep in touch with the church, throughout the the entire coast. It is
the opinion of some of the leading Presbyterian ministers here that
the confession cannot well be revised. That it was framed nearly
three centuries ago and zvas a reflex of the times they do not deny,
but they say the principles annunciated then have not changed, nor
are they any the less in harmony with these days than they zuere
zvith those.
Follozving are four 'interviews that shozv the sentiment of the
body of the Presbyterian church in San Francisco, and probably
upon the coast:
REVEREND JOHN HEMP- '
HILL, pastor of Calvary
Church:
They cannot revise the confes- .
slon of faith. It has stood too .
long and too much to be changed .
now. Twelve years ago, at . the -
Saratoga Assembly, it was decided -
to revise the confession, and the "
leading men of the church were *
given the work. The revision was .
submitted at a subsequent assem- -
bly and it was rejected. It was -
found when the diction of the "
nineteenth century was placed be- -
side that of the seventeenth cen
tury that both were spoiled. The \
new was not so good as the old, .
and this was recognized at once. .
I am sure nothing will come from .
this demand for a revision. There .
are some points about, the confes
sion which are hard for some peo
ple to understand, but It is only i
the officers of the church that are
required to subscribe to it, and for
them It should be something more
than a few simple doctrines simply
set forth. They need a confession
of faith that deals with details;
that covers minute points of doc- •
trine and that is comprehensive. :
The one we have covers everything .
and it covers everything minutely. .
It will not be revised.
REVEREND W. E. DUGAN.
pastor of the Memorial
Church: *
There seems to be a tendency in
the East to revise creeds and con
fessions of faith, but the same de
sire does not seem to exist here.
It might not be a bad plan to have
a "working creed" for the use of
the church members, the laity, but
we should not think of doing away
with the old confession for the
ministry. Times haj.e changed
since the Westminster Assembly
and the application of the doc
trines annunciated have changed,
but the doctrines themselves have
not. For instance, at the time the
confession of faith was adopted
the doctrine of predestination was
emphasized and wa3 made the
theme of most of the sermons.
Now we seldom preach of it. In
former times the various doctrines
of the confession were taken up
in the pulpit and sermons were
built upon them; now we use them
in our sermons as principles, but
we do not take them as subjects.
Then the favorite topic was the
Justice and vengeance of the Lord:
now It is his Infinite love and
mercy. So it is with the confes
sion. The doctrine of predestina
tion is emphasized: that of God's
love is subordinated. The only re
vision possible is to change this
form. The principles cannot be
changed.
PERSONAL MENTION.
W. Wahrllck, a merchant of Salmis, Is
at the Russ.
Digby Bell, the light opera comedian, la
at the Palace.
D. H. McEwen, a contractor of Pomo
na, is at the Grand.
Phil M. Keefe, a mining man of Sonora.
is at the California.
Louis Dean, a wealthy cattle man of
Reno, is at the Russ.
. Fred Cox, a banker of Sacramento, and
his wife are at the Grand.
Colonel W. W. D. Turner and wife of
Spokane are at the Palace.
A. L. Burbaiik, a real estate man of
Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
H. A. Hansen, merchant of Fortuna,
Humboldt County, is at the Grand.
L. A. Spitzer of San Jose, Assessor of
Santa Clara County, is at the Grand.
Professor Henri de Rcgnier of Paris,
the famous lecturer, and his wife are at
the Palace. K'V 1
M. G. Mery, a merchant, and L. A. Mc-
Intosh, a mining man. both of Chlco, ure
at the Grand. - v,;: '^
A. C.'Luko of Austin, New, manager
of mining, ranch and railroad properties,
is at the Palace.
REVEREND H. H. BELL, pas
tor First United Church:
We have no criticism to
make of the confession of faith In
this church, and we would not see
It changed. Dr. Parkhurst has been
quite on the liberal side of things
for a long time, and It Is quite pos
sible that there are many things
about the confession of faith that
he has never fully accepted, and
from the report of his words it is
hard to say just how far he would
go in his revision. The confession
in some ways is not up to modern
conditions, but I would not change
its sentiments nor its substance.
I accept God as it has given him to
me, and as I know him I give him
to the world. I have seen no de
sire to have the confession revised,
nor do I believe there exists such
a desire to any great extent, at
least out here. The confession as
we have It has stood a long time,
and It has not been found wanting.
It has been found equal to all de
mands so far made upon It, and
just as it is I believe It will do very
well. It might be modernized in
one or two ways to suit modern
conditions, but the revision Is not
necessary, and I do not think It Is
generally desired.
REVEREND EBER G. MA
THENA. pastor Olivet
Church:
I can sec no desire on the part of
the Presbyterians here to change
the confession of faith in any way.
It has served every purpose, and
any attempt to change it would
arouse a great deal of opposition.
Among the ministers of the Pres
byterian churches In this State I
have heard no criticism of the con
fession of faith. This may be at- '
tributed to the proximity of our
San Francisco Theological Semin
ary at San Anselmo. There the
teaching must adhere absolutely to
the confession, but It Is harder to
here are loyal to it. The effect of
this loyalty Is naturally noticeable
on the congregations. It Is easy
to criticize such an Instrument as
the confession, but It Is harder to
get another to put in its place. It
is made up of principles, and these
cannot be revised. There are those
in the church who would not for
sake the old beliefs. It would be
interesting to know just what point
in the confession Dr. Parkhurst
would revise. He says the whole
thing needs revision, but he says
nothing of any special point or doc
trine, nor does he offer anything
as a substitute. I think the con
fession is good enough as it is.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BY REMBRANDT- T., Marysville, Cal.
The picture known 'as "The Anatomical
Lecture" was painted by Rembrandt in
1032.
THE NEILL-McCONNELL FIGHT—
Subscriber. City. The fight between Neill
and McConnell on the 22d of March. 1903,
terminated at 11:15 o'clock.
MARRYING SISTERS— W. E., Oak
land, Cal. If two men not In any way re
lated marry two . sisters each becomes
brother-in-law tq, his wife's sister, but
there Is no relation by marriage between
the men. ¦
LORD LYONS— Vallomrosa. Mendocino
County, Cal. The late Lord Richard Bick
erton Pcmmell. second Baron and first
Earl Lyons (ISI7-1577). was appointed Brit
ish Minister to Washington, D. C in De
cember. ISSB. "
PROBATE PROCEEDINGS — T.. Va
il ejo, Cal. If a man dies and a party has
reason to believe that he or she Is a ben
eficiary under the will of the decoase.l
information on that subject may be ob^
tamed from the court in which the will
was filed. ">.¦..•_.-.¦
THE PRESIDENCY— C. S., City. The
question of religion does not cut any fig
ure as to the eligibility of a native born
citizen to become a candidate for the office
of President of the United States. A man
is not barred because he is either a Cath
olic, Protestant or member of any other
church.
HISTORY OF THE BOERS— L. M. C.
City. If you will go to the Free Public
Library and consult the monthly bulle
tin for November, 1599. you will find there
a list of books and periodicals that will
give you all the information you desire
about the Boers, their oiigin, rise and
other matters of Interest in relation to
them.
MARU-C. W.. Santa Cruz, Cal. The
word maru used In connection with Japa
nese vessels means merchant. When the
word maru follows the name of a vessel
that signifies that the vessel belongs to
the merchant marine, and if the word
kahn follows, that means that the vessel
belongs to" the Japanese navy. (
LONDON— "W. H. M., Laws, Inyo Coun
ty, Cal. There Is no certainty as to the
foundation of London. England. Some
assert that a city existed on the site of
the present city of London 1107 years be
fore the birth of Christ and 354 years be
fore the foundation of Rome.' The Fa-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL. 20, 1900
bles of Geoffry of Monmouth state that
London was founded by Brute, a descend
ant of the Trojan Aeneas, and called
Troy. or Troy-novant, until tne time ¦ oi
L.ud. who surrounded It with walls and
gave It the name of Caer Lud or Luis
Town In A. D.. 61. it was known to the
Romans as Lundinlum or Colonla Au
gusta, and the chief residence of the mer
chants. -It is said that the name Is de
rived from Llyn-Din. the "town on tha
lake." !
FOR OLD PEOPLE-S. L. P*., Onkdale.
Cal There are a number of homes in
San Francisco for the care of aged peo
ple If you will write to the superintend
ent of the Old People's Home corner n
P'rio and Pierce streets, you will be fur
received.
CONSTITUTION OF CALirOBMA-
T M L-, City. The election for the dele
gates to the convention that framed ; the
present constitution of »** State of CaU
fomia was held June ». IS£ The «| eie
pates met in Sacramento Septernopr -
Following and adjourned on J h « *^™
March. IST9. The new constitution was
ratified by the people on the .th or May
following and it went into effect on tne
Fourth of July.
STRIKE OF ITALIAN LABORERS
From L'ltalia.
Apropos of the strike of the Italian la
borers at Croton Dam the San Francisco
Chronicle publishes a leader wherein it
critizes very bitterly the action of the
Italian worklngmen who struc* because
the contractors they worked for reftowl
to raise the wages from $1 2o to 51 w a
day. As the telegrams have reported it
seems that In order to prevent disorders
among the strikers a company of tne
militia from Mount Vernon, State or >ew
York, was called out. and unfortunately
one of the soldiers killed by an unknown
party, probably one of the strlKera.
No civilized and wise Person would ap
prove this kind of killing of a soWler
who is summoned to the discharge of his
duty. We all agree to this point, but tne
Chronicle, which once more has been in
spired by its ungenerous and stupid hate
against the Italian people, in commenting
on the fact which we ourselves condemn
throws low insults and outrages against
the Italian laborers in general. It .pnnu
that they are not good citizens; that they
are not worth more than $I 'i> a day, that
they Introduce into this country the prac
tice of assassination and defy the consti
tuted authorities in their efforts to main
tain peace, and finally states that its sym
pathy is with the soldiers. Ama ~
It is bad enough for a respectable Amer
ican paper to taKe the; part of contractors
against honest wor kinsmen, no matter
what may be their nationality, especially
when these strike for a most legitimate
and reasonable motive, as it seems is the
case with the Italian laborers of Croton
Landing; but even admitting that the lav
ter are wrong in their action, this is not
a good reason why a wholesale condem
nation should be cast upon a nationality
whose people, among tneir faults, have
shown themselves to be very good citi
zens, obsequious to the American laws and
constitution. Perhaps the writer of the
Chronicle got his information against the
Italians from some barkeeper or low poli
tician who could not fool the Italian
voters and get their support.
But were the writer of the Chronicle to
ask Information about the Italians from
many American tirms and business men,
for whom they work, or from the numer
ous farmers of our State, where the Ital
ians transformed thousand of acres of
land into fertile and productive soil, he
would use better, more just and generous
words for the Italian laborers who. by
confession of the most reputable agricul
tural, commercial and industrial men.
form a class at immigrants very desirable,
who become good, faithful and very
honest citizens.
In the hard struggle for life, in the un
equal battle between capital and labor, it
may arrive sometimes that the hottest
elements go too far in their action and
even commit crimes. These regretable
occurrences happen quite often also
among American laborers. All of us, to
mention one instance, remember the
great railroad strike in ISM. when a train
having on board the soMiers of our State
militia was maliciously derailed by some
of the strikers, and the result was the
death of several men. At that time no
American or foreign papers had the un
generous and we should say cowardly
courage of stating that the American la
borers are bad citizens or a band of mur
derers.
\\ hy should thi3 be said of the Italian
laborers, who, .In tha struggle for life,
find themselves in the same, it net worse,
conditions than those of their American
brothers? Why should a reputable Ameri
can paper ignore the elements of hos
pitality toward a class of people who are
the nephews of that great Italian whu
divined the existence of this immense and
generous land, and wno furthermore had
«i prominent part in building up the pro
gress and civilization of this country by
bringing here their capacities, their in
tellectual and physical strength?
FRIDAY APRIL 20. 1900
-
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
tddrvss Ml Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
I iULICATIO.% OFFICE.. SIarU*>t and Tlilrd. S. F.
Telephone Main IM>>.
i;!)!TOKIAL HOOMS. . ..217 to 221 Sttvenion St.
Telephone Main 1574.
ncllvrrcd »»y Carrier*. IS Cent* Per W'eelc
Mnslf Cople*. G Conti*.
Terma by Mali. Inclndlnjc Postaicei
n. ILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $1.00
r>AILV CALL 'Inctodtes Sunday). 6 tr.cnths S.W)
IIAiLT CALL (lncluAlrir Sunday). 3 months LXO
:m:lt call— d> Bt&tf* Mc&th we
-IXPAY CALL Ore Year ISO
» ;• EKLT CALL Cta« Tear LOO
All poftttnaßtrrn nre authorized to recriro
¦ abacrlptlona.
Sarrple copies wtU lie forwar<W trhen requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Bronowar
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
f»*cnag«r Foreign Advertising:. Mcrquett* Building, Chicago. ,
<Lor.£ Distance Telephone "Central T619.")
KEVT TOOK COKKESroXDEXT:
C. C. CAF.LTON Herald Square !
SEW YORK BEPB.ESENTATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH _ 30 Tribune Building j
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .
Phermen noui>e: P. O. New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Tremoct House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TOIIK NEWS STANDS:
WsJdrrr-Artorla Hctel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square: j
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel j
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
«!Hl\Cn OFFICn* — ttT Montgomery, corner nf Car. open j
tntl! 9:30 o'clock. Bf>o Hayeii. open until 8:30 o'clock. C3s* j
McAllister, open until P:3O o'clock. fllS LarWln. open until j
»:30 o'clock. 1941 Illusion, open until 10 o'clock. 2281 ',
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 j
¦>t.':.,:a. open until t o'ciock. lOC Eleventh, open until •
»• o'clock. NW. corner Tmecty-second and Kentucky. !
open ur.tll 9 o'clock.
AMUSESLE2VTS.
Alcusar— "Quo Vadl*."
Cailfornla— "A Bachelor** Roir.ane*."
California— Petscfcnlkcff and Hanjbourg this afternoon.
Columbia— AVeet'e Minstrels.
Tlvoll— "The Wltard of the Nilis."
oranj Opera-house — "Aa Arabian Girl."
Orphrma — Vaudeville.
Fi=cher« Concert House— "Cava!ler!a Rusticana."
Chutes. Zoo and Thearer— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evnin£.
Olyxnpla. corner Mason and EUdy streets— Specialties.
Ontrai Park— Gentry's Trained Animal Show.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium— Lecture.
El Campo— Dancing, b(->»iln£, fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Western Turf Association— llaces to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Dy YV. G. La ynff— Monday evening:. April ZZ. at S o'clock
Horses st Til Howard street.
6A startling sensation of In-
ternational importance will
appear upon the front page of
next Sunday's Call.
. AMUSEMENTS.
ONLY f EATCnDAY
TOMORROW AFTERNOON
a bachelorTkcmance
The Last Week of This I«?autiful Play.
/VIR. JAMES NEILL
And the Excellent Neill Company.
¦
SEAT? NOW* ON FALE FOR
"CAPTAIN LETTERBLAIR"
Aacti»r Ckirciig C-IMI7.
FIRST PERFOiLMA.VCn SUNDAY NIGHT.
CAL!FORNIA_ THEATER.
HEMEKB:R THE HOUR :
PROMPTLY AT 2:15 P/M.
TO-DAY! TO-OAY!
PETSCHNIKOFF,
The Pcet of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
The Ycung Siegfried of the Piano.
LACHAUME,
Dietineu'.iihed Composer end Piarirt.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
P.*-** rved Feats 50c. *X. *1 50
THE HIT~OF HITS!
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEViLLE COMPANY
AND ORPHEUM STARS.
MARZELLA; GUITANOS: FALKE: FER-
NON: DUNCAN; BELLMAN': MOORE:
BOP.IJY GAVLOR: DE PORHESTSj WPffiß
COMEDY FOUP.: HAKVET: CCOLE* ;
WILBUR : FULLER: PI STEBBKCS.
Reserved fr-t!>. 2ic; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
end box «eat». 50c.
Matinee* Wednesday. Saturilay and Sunday.
AM I A WIZ? ~COME AND SEE !
ENORMOUS DiXESS
OF THE SUPEHB COMIC OPERA,
"THE WIZARD
OF Mil p "
The Greatest Demand For Feats Cn Record!! I
KVKNIN'JS it «. MATINEE SATURDAY at t. |
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE DUSH 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO. E S7^; B B r
,K>NES. DAVIS ANI> HEARD: THE HEW-
ITTH: i;mVAR!> ADAMS: MULLEN AND
WARD: HANLON AND SINGER: CLAR-
ENCE LINDEN; DE CAMP AND MUR-
;OCK; MOVING PICTURES.
TO-MOIUiOW NIGHT CAKEWALK COX-
TEST.
The Bartons vs. Davia and Heard.
Order Seat« by Phone. Park 2J.
lA/. X. HESS.
t:cT/.ar zul.; asj i-vrwawsr-Ar-nw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claua Spreckela Blag
Telephone Brown S2L
Residence. S2l CalironUa «t., btlow Powell,
Eon Francisco.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AXD SUNDAY
Ever}" Nleht at S O'Clock. Including Sunday.
U W£Z£Zn_ and
CONTin'JED SUCCESS!
P.m?erv«d Seats Six Days in Advance.
PRICES— ISO^S(^3SO, 60c.
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
not.c£ aj^pg*, s^ignsr" satur -
VT//VI. H. \A/EST S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
NEW FEATURES THIS WEEK.
La*t performance takes place Sunday
PrScm^ ; 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c,51.
NEXT MONDAY.
UUfKFZEi f\ :-- ;;_> YOKES
in the Musical Farce
THE FLOO/? WALKERS.
Fur.nler than "A RUN ON THE BANK."
— — •
.^KjP?. Iff IJ HOUSE
PHONE MAIN 532.
MATTVE-* O-MOR OW and SUNDAY.
nv .l irv-, TALK OF THE WHOLE CITY.
£-\,o N Y-,?" RIl ' MrH OF OIR NEU ' YORK
Company in the greatest ex-
travaganza PRODUCTION SAN
FRANCISCO HAS EVER
KNOWN.
DAVID HENDERSON'S FAMOUS
AH ARABIAN GfRL
Or ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES
CROWDED EVERY NIGHT.
Seats on Fale Two Weeks in Advance
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Resn-vfd Seat In Orchestra at Saturday
ard Sunday Mat'neep. 25e.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
CENTRAL PARK, gJggS
TWO WKEKS. Pfclnnlnj Saturday. April 34th
Trained Animal Show!
Lareer and Grander than Ever. Twlct Its
former elm. Three Hundred Elephants, Ponies
Monkey* and Dors. Giving positively the rao»t
uniqu» and rovel exhibition ever wltnesMd
under canvas Repr«*entlnE the hljrhm pog-
»Ujl- development of animal intelligence. 7X_
WONDERFUL ACTS-7.% More .tartlln* and
dlffirult than ever performed liy their human
prototypes in the Kiiwdun nrena. The fad of
I the ( a>-bipnable* und an Imtructive chew for old
and youne. a mort moral and reflned enter-
I tainment. Tbe cleanest and be*t dressed cx-
i blbttlon on tour. Admission— Children. 10c;
Adu!tp. 25c. Performance at 3 o'clock after-
noon. 1:20 nleht. See Grand Parado at noon
enrh «1«v Khr.w r»ln nr chin*
STU3INTS' LECTURE COURSE
FIFTH LECTURE
APRIL 2Oth,S P. M.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
PROF. CHARLES MILLS CAYLEY.
?'Life in th» University of Oxford." •
(Illustrated with Stereopticon). ADMISSION,
10 cents. Ticketg at Elder & Shephard'a.
XII— COMPOSITION OF A PIC
TURE.
BY F. DUNDAS TODD.
To the beginner photography Is simply
fascinating. To be able to record scenes
and incidents that interest him at the
time, with comparatively little trouble.
Is a wonderful step In advance for the
average individual, and he feels as if he
would never grow weary of such an art.
And then the mystery cf development.
Nothing, then something. From no
where there comes a suggestion of a real
ity, and little by little, as if through the
wave of a magician's wand, there grows
a counterfeit of nature on the plate. LJt
tle wonder la it that every beginner in
photography feels as If he could live In a
darkroom forever and be perfectly con
tent to develop plates throughout all
time.
But sooner or later the reaction set 3 In
and the once enthusiastic amateur'begins
to weary of photography. Why? I puz
zled over this problem for years before I
found the answer, and, I believe, the cor
rect one. It is contained In one word —
finality. So long as we human beings are
In pursuit of an object we never weary:
the moment we secure it our Interest flags
and soon we turn our thoughts In a new
direction.
Photography may interest the average
Individual from two standpoints, the tech
nical and the artistic. Of necessity the
technical is the first. He must learn to
expose and develop, to print and mount,
before he can utilize the art. and he be
comes so interested In this phase of pho
tography that he believes it to be the only
one. In but a few months an ordinary
persons usually has no difficulty in mak
ing all the manipulations essential to or
dinary photography, ajid then he feels his
education Is complete.
But when we turn to the artistic side
of photography we find very different
conditions prevailing. Art is long, and no
man's life is long enough to learn it all.
Here there is no finality. It Is ever a
case of pursuing something that is just a
little ahead of us but which recedes as
fast as we advance. To-day we are con
tent: to-morrow dissatisfied New we
know much; a week hence we lear.n there
is much we don't know. And it Is ever
the same, day by day, making photogr
raphy the most charming hoDby that was
ever devised for the pleasure of mortal
man.
A piece of music treats of one theme,
a picture tells only one story, therefore
there must be unity in a picture. Music
Is composed of notes, a picture of forms.
But— and here is a very important pomt —
all sounds are not musical notes, neither"
are all forms picturesque, therefore there
must be discrimination in their selection.
Forms vary in size, the shape of their
boundary lines and m their color. Notes
in a piece of music are arranged accord
ing to a definite scheme: in a picture tho
various elements must be grouped into
some definite form.
Whiie the numan eye craves composi
tion according to some definite form, it at
the same time demands variety in thai
form. Applying this idea we find ourselves
narrowed down considerably in our
choice, for the triangle is the only shape
that combines a definite shape with in
finite variety.
A triangle is a figure bounded by thre«
straight lmes^a definite form; but thesd
of necessity run in different directions —
that gives variety. Nay. more, we can
make each line different in length from the
other two. so that there is a wonderful
amount of diversity possible. We ar©
now getting on to firm ground in our
reasoning, and for the sake of clearness
it may be wise to get coed specific terms
to use. There are many forms of tri
angles, but only three really interest us:
First, those whose sides are all equal
(figure 1): second, those having two side 3
equal (figure 2>: third, those whose sides'
are all unequal (figure 3». The first and
second forms suggest a pyramid, and so
we will group them together and speak
of this form as pyramidal. The charac
teristic feature of figure 3 la the lons
diagonal line, and so we speak of such a
form of composition as being "diagonal
composition."
Of these tw<J forma of composition the
second Is the more common, as it Is the
bar-is of all landscape work, since all
retiring lines appear to ascend or descend
a? they happen to be below or above the
level of the eye. A country road, tho
banks of a river, the seashore, the margin
of a lake, all seem to ascend as they re
tire; while the eaves of a house, the tops
of a row of trees appear to descend.
Some years ago I was making some trial
exposures— not picture-making, which Is
something different— and I amused myseli
hauling a cow by the horns to a spot
where she formed a connecting point for
two line 3, one from the base of a treo
horizontally, the other from the top of the
tree diagonally and just touching the top
of a tree in the dlstar.ee. The result waa
a triangle, a very stiff, formal affair, no
doubt, but remove the crvw and there wns
nothing left; place her anywhere else and
the whole composition would bo disjointed.
Bit where she was she bound the whole
thing into something definite. From an
other point of view this object was very
Important. The weight of the picture wai
all to one si'le: by weight I mean the mass
of the material used, which In this case
onnsisted of the tree. hou=es and a pond.
On the other siile was nothing, sr> that the
composition did not balance. Something
very attractive to the f-ye had to be
placed on the right hand side so as to
even thing? up. The cow was selected
because of the Intense white spots on her
skin. and. small a? these were, they im
pressed the eye or weighed mentally a*
much as the dark trees. A spot that is
u?ed in this way Is called the balancing
spot.
Note— This study will be concluded next
week.
Ladles' flne kid ties, worth $1 75, for 75c
a pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 773 Market*
Condition of Local Theaters.
The Board of Public Works Is now
formulating Its report upon the condition
of the local theaters, which will be pre
sented to the Board of Supervisors next
Monday. The report states that the va
rious play houses were Inspected by Com
missioner Manson and an assistant. It
was found that some of them should be
compelled to Install additional facilities in
case of fire. More exits will be ordered
and the seating arrangements will have
to be improved. The ordinance which the
Supervisors will be requested to pass is
based on the one now In operation In
New York. It provides for an open space
or court on each side of the theater when
there is bu; one frontage. The storerooms,
Loring Club Concert.
An important composition for male
voices by ' Max Bruch. entitled. "Roman
Song of Triumph," will be produced for
the first time at the concert of the Loring
Club, to be held at Odd Fellows' Hall
April 24. In addition to this production
the following programme will be ren
dered: "Students' Song" (Liszt) ; "Dreamy
Lake" (Schumann): "The Long Day
Closes" (Sullivan): "Image of the, Rcse*'
(Relchardt); "King Witlaf's Drinking
Horn" (Hatton): "The Three Chafers"
(Truhn) ; "The Lotos Flower" (Abt) : "A
May Night" (Abt): "Silent Night" (Yon
Weber). These numbers provide solos for
several of the prominent members. Includ
ing J. F. Veaco, Clarence Wendell and H.
E. Medley. Miss Ruth Lorinsr, who Is
now the regular accompanist of the club
will act as pianist on this evening and
David .W. Lorlng, the conductor, will di
rect the concert.
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures
and everybody can have them nicely
framed If they will let us do the framing
New moldings coming In all the time
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSTIPATION CURED.
A Never Failing Remedy for
Every Sufferer.
Csscarets Candy Cathartic, the >ew
Specific. It's What Thsy Do. Not What
It's Said Thsjr Da. That Proves
Their Merit.
It's easy to talk.
Any one can buy space In a newspaper.
Many do, and He about their medicines.
What's the u.«e ot telling a lie and getting
caught at It?
Some people advertise on the principle
there's a sucker bern every minute.
We don't.
We don't want to do business with suck-
era.
Cascarets Candy Cathartic are all we
claim, and sold on their merits. Failure
to cure constipation means your money
back. Isn't that fair?
The people appreciate our way of doing 1
business, to Judge by the enormous sales
of Cascarets. the Ideal laxative.
Cascarets cure. That's the truth, backed
by ao absolute guarantee. They ar© agree-
able to the taste, convenient In form, anti-
septic and a fine intestinal tonic. They
make the liver lively, prevent sour stom-
ach, purify the Mood, brace the brain and
make things right as they should be.
Go buy and try Cascarets to-day. It's
what they do, not what we say they'll do.
that will convince you. All druggists. 10c,
Jsc or 50c. or mailed for price. Send for
booklet and free sample. Address. Sterling
Remedy Co.. Chicago; Montreal, Can.; or
New York.
, This Is the CASCARET tab-
/"TA let. Every tablet of the on!y
I IT IT IT I genuine Cascarets bean th<»
I Via Va H* J majrtc letters "C C C." Look
K. A at the tablet before you buy.
N.I Ix and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitute*
, ....
A Guardian for Archibald.
B. W. Cavanaugh has applied for the
guardianship of Philip Archibald, who 13
now in the LJvermore Sanitarium suffer
ing from weakness of the brain.
SCAVENGERS MUST
RESPECT THE LAW
Three of Them Heavily Fined for
Dumping Garbage in Vacant
Lots.
The Police Judges are determined to
assist the Board of Health and police in
stopping the practice of some scavengers
in dumping garbage on vacant lots
throughout the city instead of taking it to
the crematory. Since the introduction of
of the now^ordinance restricting the hours
for carting away garbage, the chance for
scavengers dumping it on vacant lota ha 3
been increased, as It is now done during
the night. .
Joe Capalini and Joe Maginl appeared
before Judge Conlan . yesterday for sen
tence and R. Domingo appeared before
Judge Megan. Capalini and Magini had
been arrested while dumping garbage at
Lombard and Laguna streets and Do
mingo had been- arrested at Fourteenth
and Castro streets. They were old of
fenders and had been warned of the pro
visions of the new ordinance. Each Judge
severely scored the defendants and im
posed a fine of $100 with the alternative of
100 days in jail.
property room, carpenter and paint shops
must be separated from the stage by a
fireproof wall, and all stage scenery must
be covered with some non-combustible
substance. There shall be at least two
main exits, not including other exits pro
vided for.
MISSIONARY WORKERS
IN ANNUAL SESSION
Woman's Baptist Society Holds Its'
Twenty-Fifth Annual Meeting.
Officers Elected.
The twenty-fifth annual meetlnng of the
Woman's Baptist Foreign Missionary So
ciety was held at the First Baptist Church
yesterday. There was a large attendannce
of members, who came from various parta
of the State. In the absence of the presi
dent. Mrs. James Sunderland. who is con
fined to home by illness. Mrs. C. M. Hill
presided. Reports of the Important work
being carried on by the society were read
and received with applause. The pro
gramme of the day was as follows:
Morning— Devotional service. Leader Mr*. S.
E Featherbtone: address of welcome :>> Mrs
C M Hill; report of board of director*. Mrs.
M E Bridges, corresponding secretary: reoort
of Southern California director. Mrs. Webber:
report of secretary for foreign department.
Hiss M E. Hamford; report on Junior work.
Mis H. J. MallUtt. superintendent; report on
home for missionaries" children at Vashon
Island, read by Mrs. C. F. Bfk": report of
superintendent bureau of Intelligence. Mrs. C.
E Bamford: report of State solicitor Helpra*
Hand. Mrs. W. Coulson; report of treasurer,
Mrs. O. W. Fraser; report of nominating com
mittee; election; report of committee on reso-
Afternoon— Devotional service. Leader Mrs.
X L. Halsey; silver offering; greetings; his
torical sketch, Mrs. C. E. Bamford: report of
memorial committee: annual report of Rev. J.
H Scott, read by Miss Bamford: letter from
Mrs. N. M. Carpenter, read by Mrs. v\. H. H.
Hart; address. Miss Haswell.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing term: President. Mrs. James
Sunderland: vice president. Mrs. C M.
Hill: field secretary. Mrs. F. E. Dewey;
recording secretary. Mrs. S. E. Feather
stone; foreign corresponding secretary.
Mrs M. E. Bamford: home correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. M. E. Bridges, and
auditor. C. F. Baker.
KENNETH DUNCAN GETS
JUST ONE MORE CHANCE
Sentence on the Degenerate Preacher
Suspended — He Is Sent to
Ukiah.
Through the persistent efforts of
Charles Montgomery and others, J. Ken
neth Duncan, the degenerate preacher
and self-confessed thief, has been saved
from being sent to jail for his crimes.
Chief Sullivan was appealed to by Dun
can's friends and had no objection to giv
ing him another chance.
When Duncan appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday the Judge said nothing
he could say would add to the humilia
tion and degradation which Duncan must
feel at his position. He had to thank the
State Prison Commission that the full
penalty of the law was not meted out to
him. Sentence would be suspended from
month to month pending his good be
havior, but if he transgressed again a
bench warrant would be issued for his ar
rest and he would be brought into court
and sentenced.
Duncan left the court with Montgom
ery, who Is to send him to a family near
Ukiah, who have undertaken the task of
trying once more to reform him. He has
so frequently shown his ingratitude to
friends that it Is expected the bench war
rant will soon be Issued.
Nursing Mothers.
feeble children, the aced arvJ infirm, and all
who ouffer from debility, exhaustion and wast
ing disease?, find MALT-NUTRIN'E Invaluable.
The product of the AnhrU!«er-Busch Brewing
Ase'n. For sale by all dru^fcists.
WISHES ABUNDANT SUCCESS
TO EFFORTS OF THE CALL
Editor of The Call — My Dear Sir :
Allow me to express my gratification at
your effort to give
the rising generation
clean readir.g of a
high literary worth.
The innovation intro
duced wiil doubtless
find many followers.
I wish the efforts
of The Call in this di
rection abundant suc
cess, and wherever I
can shall deem it an
honour to recommend its
course as wiss and
worthy of emulation.
Yours Truly, ,
M. S. LEVY, Rabbi.
San Francisco, March 26, 1900.
STOWAWAY FROM
MEXICO KEPT IN
IRONS FOR DAYS
Cigar-Maker San Feliz of
Michigan Chained on
the Peru.
Proves That He Is an American
Citizen and Threatens a Suit
> Against the Company for
Damages.
>
When the deputy Immigration Commis
sioners boarded the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company's steamer Peru yesterday
for the purpose of examining Immigrants
as to their rights to land, a man was
brought before them heavily ironed. He
said that he had boarded the steamer at
San Bias, Mex., and stowed himself away,
he being without means to pay his pas
sage to the United States, and that upon
his discovery soon after by the vessels
officers he was placed in irons and kept in
chains during the entire voyage. He pro
duced papers showing that his name was
VViillam San Feliz. a native of the United
States and a member in good standing of
l h ,° C'earmakers' Union of Kalamazoo
Mich. '
The passengers expressed their indlgna-
Lloi?L lo i? f,° De P ut .v Immigration Commissioner
bchell at the manner in which San Feliz
had been treated and assured the unfor
tunate cigarmaker that they would be
willing, witnesses for him should he seek
redress through legal channels. He said
that, being impecunious, he would lay the
matter before the clgarmakers' union and
ask th<?ir assistance in righting the wrong
that had been done him.
Captain Schell was convinced from the
evidence submitted to him that San Feliz
was an American citizen and entitled to
lane; and the irons were accordingly
struck from the limbs of the prisoner and
he was allowed to go ashore.
I earned vacation. Ho has now been a
; little over two years on the. coast and
I during all that time has not seen his wife
j and children. Captain Egenes brought
i the Titanla here from the Orient under
i charter to John Rosenfeld's Sons. Since
' she has been on the coast she has made
I fifty round trips between San Francisco
; and Nanalmo. B. C. Her trips north
i were nearly all in ballast, but on the fifty
. trips back she has brought down in all
2C7.5C5 tons of coal. During the entire
tfme there has not been an accident nor a
disagreement aboard the vessel and Cap
tain Egenes starts for home with the re
spect and good wishes of the entire mer
cantile community. Captain Egenes ex
pects to be gone about six months and
during his absence Captain Eulllcksen will
; command the Titania.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Peru arrived from Central American ports
yesterday with twenty-five cabin and
eighteen steerage passengers. Among the
former was Georpe N. Dickinson. United
States Consul at Acanulco, who has come
north for his health.
Captain Isigeit has taken command of
the schooner Ralph J. Long. Captain
Thunell of the schooner Herman, and
Captain Hanson of the schooner Helen
M. Kimball.
Captain Louis Meyer, the pilot, who was
injured while on a cruise last week, is able
to be about again. His leg is still a tittle
sore, but he can now walk with the assist
ance of a cane.
M. Hummfltenberg was badly injured at
the GoUlen State Iron Works yesterday. A
portion of n crane foU on his head. At tho
Harbor Receiving Hospital Dr. Hopper
found that he was suffering from concus
sion of the brain and had also n very se
vere scalp wound. The Injured man wa?
pent home after his wounds had been
drepsed.
The steamer Manauense arrived from
Hawaii yesterday. She was sent into
quarantine.
THE REMODELED STEAMER DORA.
r FTER a complete overhauling: and remodeling at Hay & Wright's shlp
l\ yard the Alaska Commercial Company's steamer Dora is once more
J->. ready for sea. She has been built up. staterooms to accommodate 150
passengers put in and the vessel modernized in every way. She is now
as comfortable a craft as there Is on the bay, as those v.-ho go north in her
\l'ili >.i;u uciore they are many hours at sea. The Dora leaves here for
Seattle in a few days and will go from there to Cape Nome direct.
-- ¦'-•'- ¦¦ '"" z'JJ-y-:'-'i_'i'lz ' J J-y-:'-'i_'i'l ABVEBTISEMENTS.
e~. •h-v-:^h^~:~h^~h^»4-h^'- ::¦¦:¦:¦¦; i : ¦: ¦:¦¦:•* •: ••: ¦¦: ¦ ; -i-h-i- -i-k-i •¦: ¦¦: i ¦¦* -h-0
X _ 7.
3s* y.
i ±
I I
I ¦ FOR THIS DAY. f
J — — !
£ MISSES' CAPES, with plaid hood?, value for $5.00. will be offered at.. .».
t $300
7f7 f LADIES' WHITE DUCK SKIRTS, value for $1.00, will be offered at $
X LADIES' BRAIDED COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS, value for $2.00, X
2 will be offered at $1.50 4*
2¦ f j
-L LADIES' BRAIDED LINEN SKIRTS, value for $1.25, will be offered £ <
:c at :i^nn^_- 75C i
£ LADIES* CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, light grays, value for $12.50, £
.•» will be offered at .- $7.50 X. '
*T LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, light grays, value for $15.00. will +
?> be offered at $10.00 £
T LADIES/ PLUSH CAPES, silk-lined, fur-trimmed, value for $30.00. will 4*
X. ue oliered at ¦ S^ooo *** =
? LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK WAISTS, value for $4.00, f |
31 $4 50 and $5.00. The entire lot will be closed out at $2.90 XI
•j- LADIES' CHIFFON NECKWEAR will be offered at reduced prices. *f i
± FEATHER BOAS will be offered at reduced prices 1 1
»L * T j
I DRESS QOODS DEPARTMENT f
J I
j. BLACK ALPACA, value for 50c. will be placed on sale at 25c 4;
I NA It Y BLUE AND BLACK SERGE/viliie for $1.00, will be offered j i
I ALL-WOOL BLACK SERGE, 36 inches wide, value for 50c, will be ±
4. ciered at ,_ J.
jo*- •
j£ X
I EXTRA SPECIAL. ±
j^ J
~ LADIES' LINEN SKIRTS will be placed on sale at 25c ?!
JL J i
I 1146 Market Street. Jj
r> .•„»,',,»„?_'..•_«..?..«..«,•_«_•..?..'..?_?,?..?..?»?..?¦.?..?..?.,•,*,,•¦.'. ,•..'..»..»-«¦¦» » • • ........ 2f i
k - •• » ...... .— r*j ? ?".¦w.'wwy."i-i".".".-r •.".".-?••?-».".¦¦.' wvr-S-i-y-i-!~X-"i.g) >
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
(Copyright, 1000, by Seymour Eaton.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Several Chinese Attempt to
Escape Prom Steamer
Tartar.
Caught by the Nig-ht Watchman and
a Policeman After a Lively
Chass and Put Back on the
Ex-TransportL
?
The ex-transport Tartar, which sailed
for British Columbia yesterday, came
very near leaving some of her Chinese
crew behind her. The vessel was tied up
at the transport wharf and Wednesday
night several of the coolies made a break
for liberty. They knew that once the
steamer reached Victoria, B. C, their
chances of ever seeing San Francisco's
Chinatown again would be very slim so
a party of them made up their minds to
desert. They made their way past the
Quartermaster on the gangway and two of
them managed to slip out through the
pate into East street, but that was as far
as they got. Xight V.'atchman Rush
pounced down on them and while he held
the two runaways by the queues he kept
the others back with a club and raised
an alarm. The policeman on the beat
came to his assistance and the Chinese
were driven aboard the vessel, where they
remained until the Tartar went to sea.
Green-Street Wharf Afire.
The wharf at the foot of Green street
had a narrow escape from destruction yes
terday. Had it not been for the prompt
action of Wharfinger Arnerlch, who form
ed a bucket bripade, there would have
been a conflagration. The bark Gladys.
from Iquique. is discharging nitrate at the
wharf and the structure is covered with
dust from the cargo. Some one threw a
match on the dust-covered wood and In
a second the fire was running all over the
place. When a small heap of nitrate
would be reached it would make a great
flare. After some hard work the bucket
brigade got the fire out. ;
Takes a Well Earned Rest. i
Captain Egenes of the whaleback
steamer Titar.la is going home on a well-
W your furnishing lg|
| goods and rubber Ij
I hoots un'il you get I
I The Red Front prices, i
II You can't afford to |
j pay what other deal- II
I We are the only g
I complete Nome cloth- g
[ ing .outfitters in San El
Thalsed ffh>srt I
I " A. J. PRAGER Sc SONS II
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION,
In accordance with tbe dlreotlnnn of the RE-
[ PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
' delegated repre?en'.at!ve;< of the Republican
! Party from the *everal States assemble In Na-
| tlonal Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 13th
| day of June. A. D. 1900, at 13 o'clock noon,
| for the purpose of nominating candidates for
! the office of President and Vice President of
the United State*, and for Much other business
j as may be brought tefsre raid convention : and
i la accordance with the Instructions given by
: raid National Committee, directing that th«
j Ccnprejsional Diftrlct delecates shall be chosen
i at * convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each raid district. In the same
j manner as th» nomination of a nepresentativ*
j !n Cor.Rresu is icade in said district; therefor*,
bs It
nrroivrd. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA.
representing the Republican Party of said
State, tliat the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
! o! California are hereby advised and requeued
i to call e'cngr«»s:onal Convention* of their Con-
tressional l<i*trlcts. to be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two deii-cates shall be
»'h<wen to represent each of *uch district* In
:he NATION.*:. REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION' to be held bf aforesaid, and for tbe
*e!ecticr. of two alternate de!ecates, to act In
case of the absence of the debates first chosen.
The ftiectlcn of the delegates of the Con-
Kretslenal Convention shall be under the dlrec- '
tlon of the Congressional Committee of each
| (ilftrlct. In accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided. Th«t the basin cf representation
to mid Conrretfional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One dc-Wate lor each Assem-
bly DlsfTict with'n the Concre«clor.sl District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
«-mbrac»s more than one county, there ihall be
cne Celega.tr for each county and fractional
part of a county In 'such A*sembiy District,
ar ; d one d»!ernte for e«ch 3uo votes cast for
Henry T. Garc. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In 189 S. and one rielecate for each frac-
tion cf IM> votes or over.
It Is further dlrect-d that the delegate*
rhesen tn the Concessional Convention* shall i
mett in State Convention at 1h» city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day r.f May
l? 00. at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four di»l-;atf»-
at-larpe to the NATIONAL REPUnLirAN*
CONVENTION above mentioned, and fou- al- '
terr.ate delegates, to net In case the delegate* I
• elecf.l be ahsrnr. for the election of a Stata I
Central Committee, and for the transaction of I
such further business a» may be brought be-
fore the raid Ftat» Convention. '
It Is further directed that where primary '
rlectlcns are held the test for voters shall be- !
"•I beilev* In Republican principles and in- i
dorse the Republican policy and the admln-
I Istratlon of President McKlnley. and Intund
! to support the nominees of the Republican '
! Party at the ensulnp election."
It Is further directed that contests must be :
filed with the Secretary of the Concessional
Crmmlttee In wrltlnr. with a fu!l statement
of the erounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting: of the State convention
All matters relating to such contest before ths
Contresslonat Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to tfc* Pecrftary of the State Central Com- '
ir.'.ttee at Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
day of May. 1?00.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TBAL COMMITTEE at S.in Krane'spo, April '
f. 1900. E. C. HART. Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS. j
CONCERT HOUSE
f22-fS4 O'FARKELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
The Han'3*oroest Music Kail In America.
HINRICHS 1 SUPERB ORCHESTRA.
THE REST MUSIC.
THE FINEST VOICES,
PATRONIZED BY THE BEST PEOPLE.
GRAND OPERA FOR ONE DIME!
NO RESERVED SEATS.
COME EARLY AND AVOID THE RUSH.
GREAT BILL.
PIGNORINA BARDUCCI, PIGNORINA. POL-
LETTINI, SIGNORINA PUERERI. SIONOR ,
IJADARACCO, SENOR VARGAS. THE BEAU-
TIFUL SALVINI. THOMAS DUNN, THE
WONDERFUL BOT POPRANO.
"CAVALLERIA UUSTICANA."
10c ADMISSION 10c
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TAISFORAN PARK. v
SIXTH MEETING. April 8 to 20, inclusive
Mx hlj:h-cla»s running races every week day
rain oi shine. beElrHue at 1:30 p. m.
The M-al winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a Fuperb grand stand, g-lnsv-tncloned, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, mey can
rnjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend btreets at
10:00. 10:*0 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:lf>, 12:35. 12:50
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats in rear cars re-
served for women and their escort*; No *mjk-
Jn*. Valercla street. 10 minutes later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:4s p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
KATES— Pan Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admtxston to track. $1.25.
W, Jf MARTIN. President.
F. H. GRKEN. Ht-cretitrv »n<l M«nar*r.
FAMILY RESORT— EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY. SUNDAY.
Forty-five minutes' ride on the bay in that
large, magnificent steamer. Uklah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing, boating, plenty of shade, re- >
freshment*, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults, 25 cents for the round 'trip, including
admission to the grounds. Children - between
5 and 12 years of age 15 cents. i
Leare Tiburon ferry, foot of Market street, j
10:S0 a. m., 1 and 4 p. m. Leave El Castpo
HUa ft. m— t and Sum.
7
RABBI M. S. LEVY.Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 19.— Clearings, $255,072;
balances, $v 2,310.
Northern Wheat Market,
OREGON
PORTLAND, April 19.— Salei of Walla Walla
wera reported to-day ot 63c. 54c and at 55c.
Some exporters state that they could buy all
New York Stock Market.
MKW YORK. April 19— Business on the
ft'-ck Excl.ance to-day lapsed into a condition
of dullness and abandonment to that operation
<if th>> email professional traders. Much angry
recrimination continues to be heard on all
• ides concerning the bear raid on the iron
and steel rtocks. Not only In the stock mar
ket, but in the Iron trade as well accusations
of bad faith and double-deaUng are bandied
ElKjUt. All othtr authorities In the trade dis
agree with the views of Chairman Ciates of
Urn American Steel and Wire Company, but
Ihe Iron Age says in its review of the subject:
"No s^harp tumble in values is expected un
les-e this development in the wire trade should
jiroduce such an effect." It Is the reservation
thus expreFs«»d fcliat has so effectually upset
the speculative world. Dealers in securities
l.ppt «>ne «->e on the iron and Kteel etocks all
day and the erratic and irregular movements
in that group kept the whole market In a
feverish and uncertain etate. When pressure
there was relaxed there was a disposition man
liest to mark uj> prices elsewhere, but the bur
<i<-r. <'f stlllr.g met on the advance gave an
ui<pearar.ce Qt a desire to realize on an ex- j
tencive scale and took the snap out of the
juarkft. <Jn the ether liand llie majority of
Fti-cks 'iJlered decreased materially on a con
f id'-rable decline, giving an undertone of firm
ness to i>rio«. Notable strength was shown at i
one time by the Baltimore and Ohio Etocks and I
<-n the other hand Southern Pacific Buffered 1
fr'^m decided weakness. The one movement
bad about as much effect on the general llFt 1
tit- the other. The sharp advance in the metal !
JiKt, which followed the declines after the J
<'t>enlnE. was accompanied by a rise late in I
the day to best prices. But when these Ftocks I
end fcugar save way the whole list followed j
and the closing wae active and easy, consid- |
rnibly below the best. Hucar. after Belling up j
as 1 high as ICSVi. closed at a net loss of 2
joints. The n»»-8 of the tfay was generally
Ignored. It included a number of strong etate-
DKBta <'i earnings for the second werk In April,
especially by soft coal carrying roads. Rumors
of r.ew combinations of railroad Fystems con
tinue prevalent. The Chicago, Indianapolis and
Kouli-'ville is now raid to be destined for ab
forr-'lion by the Southern Railway, and there
»re fetories of the Vanderbllts buying of Wa
l>a.sh *ecuritles. The Southwestern group of
no-called Gould railroads are formed into vari
ous combinations by the rumor-mongers. The
Fmall amount of foreign proxies voted at the
New York Central annual meeting was re
parded ; • significant of the. recent foreign sell
ing of high-priced securities and explanatory
of the upward movement of exchange which
continued to-day. Money continues easier and
a rtrong bar.k statement on Saturday is con
sidered assured.
The bond market was- moderately active and
Jrn s'Jlar. Total rales, par value, $1,793,000.
United States Zp (registered) and old 3s de
clined % and the Cs \i In the bid price; new
4s advanced 4 P«r ceat.
NEW TORK 6TOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
I Id. Etock— Bid.
ICO Atchison r6H
780 AtchiEon prefd 71
S9l Baltimore & Ohio JSST4
... Canadian Pacific 56»4
100 Canada Southern 65
<rio Chesapeake & Ohio 31T4
iOO Chlcaß3 Great Western 14
?..VI Chicago. Hurlinpton & Quincy 120^
C'« Chicago, Ind & Louisville 2714
32S Chicago. Ind At Louisville prefd C7»4
... Oh'.cßgo & Eattera Illinois 101
200 Chicago & Northwestern 161
185 Chicaco. Rock Island £: Pacific 110*4
y» C C C 4 St Louis G2'»
... Colorado Southern 1;
!00 Colorado P'-utht-rn Ist prefd .-... 4314
... Colorado Southern 2d prefd lC'i
IPO Delaware &• Hudson 113 Vi ;
ICO Delaware. Lacka wanna & West... llB
Dt-nver & Rio Grande 20%
7CO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71%
;-0 Erie i:%
:« Erie lFt prefd 41H
... Grent Northern prefd 18!<4
133 Hoiking Coal 174
!.450 Hooking Valley 354
I,'<C2 Illinois Central HS'i
TTi lowa Central .IS
lowa Central prefd 514
COO Kar.sa* City. Pittsbunr & Gulf IS
HO Leke Erie & Western SI
I^oke Erie & Western prefd 93
Lake Fhor* !°5
S.MHt Louisville «r Nashville 54«4
7.460 Manhattan Elevated m. y>t
•.SCO Metropolitan Street Railway- «• »•» • '^ a - i
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 9% 6 9«4
Closing 6 914 6 BT4
PARIS
Wheat— ' " May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 40 2183
Closing 20 40 2195
Flour-
Opening 26 90 28 70
Closing 26 95 28 75
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 19.— CATTLE— Receipts.
9000; steers eteady to 10c lower; butchers' stock
active and firm. Natives— Best on sale to-day,
two cars at $5 60: good to prime steers, choice
fat, steady; coarse fat, DSJIOc lower; light and
medium weights about steady, $4 yOQ3 &0; poor
to medium, $4 10@4 75; selected feeders, choice
steady, $4Q4 90; mixed stockers, $3@3 80; cows,
firm and active, $304 60; heifers, strong, $3 20<$
4 S5; canners, $2 25ft2 SO; bulls, $2 So®4 30;
calves, steady, $4 50©6 65. Texans— Fed steers
steady, J4QS 20; Texas bulls, firm. $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22,000; to-morrow, es
timated, .23.0C0: left over, 4000; eteady to a
shade lower; top. $5 75; mixed and butchers,
$5 45&5 75; good to choice - heavy, $5 Co(gs 75;
rough heavy, $5 43Q'5 55; llKht weak, $3 40®
6 6T>: bulk of sales, $5 55«?5 674-
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; heavy sheep are now coming mostly
Khorn; good to choice wethers, $5 76@6 25; fair
to choice mixed, $4 75@5 75; Western sheep,
$5 60<&6 10; yearlings, $5 Eo@6 40; native lambs,
$5 50@7 40; Western lambs, $6Q>7 40.
Dullness still prevails on the Bond Exchange
and prices remain about stationary. The oil
nocks are also very quiet, and it seems to be
an oft* period In speculation.
The Alpha Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 3 cents, delinquent May 21.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 19—2 r>. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds — Eqult G L Co. 3Vi Z%,
4s quar coup..H4V«lls Mutual El Co. — 13
4s do reg 114 1 4115 OGL & H 46 47'^
4s do cr> new..133V t — Pac Gas Imp.. 50 504
4s do c0up. ...110 110* i Pac LCo — 43
Miscellaneous — SFG & E E0 60%
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 120 San Francisco. 44 4&i
C C Wat 58...1f16U — Stkn G&E Co io' —
Ed I. & P 65. .129 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. .113 — Flrem's Fund 2*7
Oeary-st R ss. — 924 Bank Stocks—
II C& S 545. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 674
Do 5s 105V4 — Rank of Ca1... 405 —
LA Ry 5s 104 — Cal SD & T..104 107
LAL Co 65... — — First National. — 230
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A... 132 —
Do gntd 55.. 9S 1004 Merchants' Ex 13 —
L A & P It ss. 1024 — Savings Hanks—
Market-st 69.. 12814 — Nev Nat Bk —
Do Ist M 55.. 117 — Oor S & L...1530 —
NCNO R 75. 1034 — Hum S& V, — —
NR of Cal Cs.ll3U — Mut Say Bk. 434 —
NP of Cal 55. 116 — S F Say U.. 5124 —
NPC R It (55. 1044 — Say &L, So. 74 7S
N P C R R K5. 10714 — Sec Say Bk. — —
N Cal It R 55.112 — Union T Co. — —
Oak G L&Hss.lor<^ — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65..U4U — California 121 1224
Oak WCo os.. — inSM: Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C 0. .106 107 Market-st Ry. 62*4 63«4
Om C Ry 65. .123 — O S I. & 11... — 50
P& Cl Ry 6s. 1044 — Presidio 16 —
P&O R R 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.117 — California 150 163
Sac L * GR5s. M — Giant Con Co. 82 83
SF & SJV 55. 117% — Vlgorlt 34 3V4
S Ry of Cal 6s.KH4 — Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65...112"» — liana S P Co. — 94
Do (1905) — 109 Haw C&S Co. SS-^ 90
Do (1906) ....111 — Honokaa S Co. 33 334
Do (1912) ....11814 — Hutch S P Co. 26 27
Do Ist eg ss. — — Ktlauea S Co. 214 —
SPIlr Gs 127U1254 Makawell S Co 4SV4 —
S V Water 65. 1144 — Onoraea S Co.. 28 —
Do 4s 104 — Fanuhau S Co. 31% 32
SV W (3d m). 102 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gns 65.. 99 — Al Pack Assn.llS 115,4
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.los —
Contra Costa.. P4?4 6514 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. — — Oceanic S Co.. 94 93U
Spring Valley. 95 93^4 Pac A F A.... 2 — '
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.150 — '
Cent O L Co.. — — Par Paint Co. 10 —
Cent L & P... 3% —
Mornlnz Session.
Board
100 Contra Costa Water 63 00
25 Kllauea S P Co 21 624
$7f>oo Ijnn AnKeles Railway 5s 101 23
2D Makawell 43 37U
100 Paauhau S P Co \... 32 00
20 Spring Valley Water 95 00
$3000 Spring Valley 6s 114 73
Street—
23 California Street Railway 121 ZA
25 Equitable Gas 3 624
7 Pacific Gas Improvement 60 (K>
Afternoon Session. •
Board —
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 94 S7V4
100 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
SO Paauhau S P Co 31 g;^
65 Spring Valley Water 95 o<)
$1000 United States 3s (coupon) no 00
Street—
$1000 United States 3s (coupon) 110 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornln~ Session.
Board —
200 Barker Ranch 1 15
5 Blue Goose v og
Afternoon Session.
Beard — •
350 Barker Ranch .' 1 15
100 Home Oil, s 90 " 3 93
25 San Joaquln o 00
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
:isco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 10 200 Hale i Nor.. 38
?00 Belcher 23 600 Mexican .. ?i
200 Best & Belcher 25 100 Overman ." 25
500 Chollar 13 200 Overman .. " ">i
1200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 50 Union Con... 30
200 Confidence 95| 500 Utah ' y>
200'Gould & Curry. 26* 100 Yellow Jacket. 31
Afternoon Session.
TOO Alta 05 300 Hale & N0r.... as
]f>o Andes • 10 50 Mexican . 11
3<>o Belcher 21 300 Ophlr "."" 71
200 Best & Belcher 25 1300 Sierra Nevada 50
10n Best & Belcher 24 100 Sierra Nevada' 49
200 Bullion 01 50 Standard 340
100 Caledonia 135 350 Union C0n.... 30
BCO Con Cal & Va..l 65 500 Yellow Jacket" 30
200 Crown Point... ft! "*"
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 03 600 Gould & Curry id
700 Alpha... 04 800 Justice V.' 03
300 Alta 05 800 Mexican 31
200 Belcher ...23 400 Mexican 3.1
200 Challenge Con. 21 600 Savage 10
20D Challenge Con. 20 1000 Seg Belcher..'.! 04
100 C C & Va......l 70 400 Sierra Nevada. 51
10OC C & Va 1 67% 500 Yellow Jacket. 33
200 Crown Point 18 300 Yellow Jacket.. 31
600 Qould & Curry. 27
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, April 19.— While the mild spring
weather elevated the spirits of the speculators
the effect on the wheat market was different.
Cables also had a depressing effect, besides
there was the liquidation which probably would
have taken place whatever the conditions.
While the speculative trade was light the cash
business was excellent— 2so,ooo bushels— some of
It No. 1 northern and some of It No. 2 red.
This business served to bring about a bulge
following the opening, but it did not hold and
the close was barely steady. The cash sales.
83,000 bushels, were for direct export. New
York reported thirty loads taken for export.
Foreigners were sellers of July early. May
opened V<J4c down at 654@65%q, sold between
Cj^c and BC..ift6i*<c and closed 4c under yes
terday at CJ4c July began the session %c to
4'flNc down at 66-y4'fii66Tic to 67c, ranged be
tween 67Vic and 66 r ftc, closing »4c under at
66\.*J6«*ic.
The corn market was generally quiet. As In
wheat the main consideration was the excellent
spring climatic conditions with lower cables
a contributing factor in the weakness which
was evident the greater part of the session.
May closed %<>j\c under yesterday as did July.
The trade In oats was not important, but
the market nevertheless exhibited considerable
strength in sympathy with corn. May closed
%c down.
Jn spite of speculatu-e dullness and a hog
market Inclined to weakness the provision
market was firm. Buying by packers against
liberal cash sales and the light offerings were
the factors. May and July pork closed 5c
over yesterday; May and July lard 24c down
and May and July ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 2 red. GS4fj6!)4c; No. 2 corn, 3S>/ 2 «
3S%c: No. 2 oats, 24K<?24lic; No. 2 white, Z7Hc:
No. 3 white. 2fiW274c; No. 2 rye. SsH@»6c; No.
2 barley. 41@44Vic: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 73; prime
timothy seed. $2 40(32 45; mess pork, per barrel,
$12013 C 5; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 20<Tt7 30;
short ribs sides (loose), $7 1007 30; dry suited
Fhoulders (boxed), 6%(fj7c; short clear fides
(boxed). $7 Cf >*i 7 70: whisky, distillers' fin.shed
goods, per gallon, $1 254; sugars.cut loaf, 6.00 c;
eranulated. 5.44 c.
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was linn; creamery 14@174c; dairy,
IS'A*iISM:C. Cheese, firm, 12 l Sl2c. Eggs, steady,
104 c
THE STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and l ßullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 84\
Sterling Exchange, sight — * SS'i
Sterling Cables — * »94
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6 °>4
Mexican Dollars «tf «
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
lower. Chicago was weaker under the lower
cables and fine weather.
The local market was dull and featureless,
with a further shrinkage In futures.
Informal Session— S:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 03H; 10,000, $103%; May— SOOO, 95c.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@9CUc; milling,
97»jC0$l.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 03tf;
4000, $1 03; 10,000, $1 02%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 22,ooo
ctls. $1 03; May— l4.ooo, 95c: 22.000; 95Hc
Afternoon Session— December — «000 ctls. $1 03.
BARLEY— There Is less poor dark feed offer
ing than for some time, which accounts for
the apparent advance In the Inside quotations.
The market shows no change otherwise. There
Is nothing doing on call.
Exports from this port thus far this crop
year amount to 3,324,900 ctle, valued at $3,229,
900.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 674@"24c for oft
trades; Brewing and fchipplug gradea, BU4j>
57 ! .4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 71e.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings continue neglected, except
in a retail way. and quotations stand the
same.
White $1 10@l 30; Red. 9JcQsl 17V4; Gray.
$1 O7H©l IS: Black $I@l 05.
CORN— The market is firm, with a further
advance In large yellow. Eastern White Is
quoted at $1 6S®l C7Mj per ctl and Eastern Yel
low at $115^120 per ctl; mixed, $11243115
'per ctl.
RYE— ?5£T974c per ctl.
BUCKWriEAT- Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40<g3 50; Oregon
and Washington, *2 25<g3 per burrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packs are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, U "» rer ICO lbs; Rye Flcur. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat GrDats J4 50; Hominy, $3 25<£f3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $IQ4 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 25;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6'd7 25; In sacks, $5 7Sfc7; Pearl
Barley $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 5U per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There were large receipts of Bran from Ore
gon. Otherwise there was nothing new.
UUAN— $l2*ll3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6f7I» per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS— IIoIIed Barley. $15(g17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $^6<327; Jobbing.
J°7 r.O'&2S - Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal,
$23 SC-524; Cracked Corn, $24^24 ~M; Mixed Feed,
ilb £0; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY Wheat. $7t!'J for common to good; $9 CO
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
$6 50d}9; Oat. $C!&!s; Barley. $ig7; Alfalfa, J6«f
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2SQ3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A slight change In Red Beans Is the only
variation. The market is dull, but firmly held.
BEANS— Bayos. J3fj3 2.'>: small White, $3 2j^
3 50; lame White. $3 20©3 25: Pink, $2 25ti2 90;
Red, $3tj3 50; Blackeye. $1 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, *5 2i; Pea, IS 4'Jti3 50; Red Kidneys,
J3 o0 ( f?4.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4ViG'4?;c; Flax, $1 90©2 20; Canary,
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. i-C^lOc; Rape. 24<&3c; Hemp, iQV/sc;
Timothy. 4(&44c.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
<Q2 21. per ctl. ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New Onions are coming in with unusual
rapidity, and the market Is declining In con
sequence. Potatoes are rather firmer, though
prices fchow no Improvement. Receipts are
lighter. There Is nothing new In Vegetables,
except the arrival of 1020 boxes of Tomatoes
from Mexico.
Receipts were 1037 boxes Asparagus, SI2
boxes Rhubarb. 915 sacks Peas and 4»a sacks
New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rope. Csc; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks, 40@6Cc per sack; Oregon
BurbanUs. f>oi/!Oo: Sweet Potatoes, for
Merced; New Potatoes, ifiHic
ONIONS— New Red, $2^3; Old Yellow, $4ffs;
Australian. $73iS per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 40C55l 25 per box;
Asparagus, t>ocfisl per box for No. 2 and
$1 ZM\ 5.0 for No. 1 and $1 75iff2 for fancy
large; Green Peas, 7iicf}sl 25 per sack for com
•non and $1 60 for Garden; String Ueans, lOitf
12'-'c for Los Angeles and 15c for Vacavllle;
Cabbage, 10060 c; Tomatoes, $1 25^1 75; Kgg
Plant from lx>s Angeles, SiJjlOc; Dried Okra,
32'^c per lb; Garlic, Oi&fic; Green Peppers from
Los Angeles, 6®lsc; Dried Peppers, S@loc;
Carrots. lb<iiKic per sack; Ijos Angeles Summer
Squash, $I^l 25 per box: Cucumbers, 40c#$l i>er
dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $40 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Firmness still characterizes the market, re
ceipts being rather under the demand, and sev
eral descriptions show further Improvement.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll(&12c for Gob
blers and 13^140 for Hens; Geese, per pair.
?1 75(fi2; Goslings, $2 25fti2 i"» 0; Ducks. $4 50<ipio 50
for old ami ?6'if7 60 for young; Hens. $4 Nfit;
Young Roosters, $6 6097; Old Roosters, H^i 50;
Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers, $4S:> for large and
%2 60SJ3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 75<gf2 per dozen
for old and $1 75ti2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $161 25: Rabbits. $1 23@1 SO;
Gray G^ese. $2-32 50: White, 50c: Urant. $1 25®
1 50; English Snipe. $2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Creamery Butter keeps up, but some easiness
In dairies is reported. Cheese has not changed
for v fortnight. Eggs are easy at previous
jirices. Eastern are bringing about as much
ac the best ranch, as the bakers are buying
them to rut Into store.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 16
@164 c.
Dairy— Fancy, la^c; good to choice, 1414©i;c;
common, 14c.
CHEESE— New, 74®Sc; Young America, 8@
BV4c; Eastern, 10017 c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13l4!&14c for store and 14>4
@15c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are lower under larger receipts,
thirty-one cars having arrived within thsee
days. The Panama steamer brought up 459
boxes Mexican Limes. Lemons are steady,
with moderate clocks.
{¦Strawberries show no change worthy of
note. Cherries are declining, thought recelota
are smalL
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 7tc<»?s2 per box. '
STRAWBERRIES— S3@6 per chest for large
and $S@lo for Kmall berries. Receipts wee*
196 chests. Blackberries from the south, .
CHERRIES— $1 25@2 60 per box. Receipt*
were 43 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25<tj3
per box;. Seedlings, 75c(ff$l 75; Lemons, $I@l 60
for common and $2Q2 SO for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 Co@s; Hananas, $1 25Q2 50
per bunch: Pineapples, $I@s per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4}sc for
40-50' s, 4c for 50-60' s, 34@3%c for CO-70s, 2tf@
3V40 for 70-SO's 3®3Vie for 80-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, . IltfBl2%c for Royals, 12Vj©15c
for Moorparks and 12@13V4c for Blenheims;
Peaches, 6V4ig6c for Standards. 6H<jJ6%c for
choice and 7@Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10®
12Hc; Evaporated Apples. 6@7c; Sun-dried, 50
EVic per lb; Nectarines. S©9c: Pears, 3V4fi4V4o
for dark nnd 7Sj"Bc for bright halves; ' Black
Figs, 2@24c; White Figs, 2©3 c; Bleached
Plums, S<ff9c; unbleached Plums, 7®7Hc for
pitted and Vie for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, BV4c: choice, 7%c; standard, 64c;
prime. 6c; unbleached - Sultanas, sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. : s',ic:
8-crown, 6V4C; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $160. Fancy
ISO Mexican Central H'4
ISO Minneapolis & St Louis 6»Vt
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd Ml*
22.275 Missouri Pacific *"S;,
Mobile &. Ohio 45
fOO Missouri. Kansas & Texas 11V4
2,100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 3S •
1 000 New Jersey Central .' ll'^i
b,640 New York Central 135
J.t:s Norfolk & Western 3SV,
l.tfO Norfolk & Western prefd 7<\i
4.775 Northern Pacific M*»
M 2 Northern Pacific prefd *>\i
1.075 Ontario & Western 24H
Oregon Railway & Navigation 41
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 46
12.550 Pennsylvania 136H
750 Reading Is»*
S.OTk) Heading Ist prefd 604
1.000 Reading 2d prefd 32
Rio Grande Western 6^4
Rio Grande Western prefd 874
Ft Louis & Pan Francisco 10 T s
St Lcuis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
Pt Louis & Pan Fran 2J prefd 364
Pt Louis, Southwestern 1-\
l/'3O Pt Louis, Southwestern prefd 224
8.U5 Pt Paul l-'l H
S5O Pt Paul pre" IT31 *
St Paul & Omaha 119
50.7fi0 Southrrn Pacific '. 3i ! i
1,('2» Southern Railway 13^*
7CO Sni-th^rn Hallway prefd 5S 1 -
Mo Texas & Pacific M*
Z2.530 Union Pacific . r >7'»
1.440 I'nlvm Pacific prefd 75H
Wabash S
Msfl W?ba=h rrefd 22' i
1.:-™ Wheeling & L E 10'»
2,7?.-. Wheeling & L E Id prefd 2-U.j
COO Wisconsin Central 17Ts
Express Companies —
Adams 119
American 145
United States 4S
Wells Far.Ro 123
Miscellaneous —
$00 American Cotton OH 36
, American Cotton Oil prefd '.'1
ion American Malting 4
200 American Malting prefd 21
SlO American Fmeltlng & Ref 374
510 American Smelting & Ref prefd ?9V*
100 American Pririts T-4,
American Spirits prefd 17
2.Cf>o American Steel Hoop "S
f74 American Steel Hoop prefd 74 1 i
€3.775 American Steel & Wire t3\
41.6?' i American Strel & Wire prefd SO
L42S American Tin Plate 29%
Cm American Tin Plate prefd 79
7.400 American Tobacco 104
American Tobacco prefd 133
4iV> Anaccnda MHnp «^o 4S»i
12.120 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73' i
4,21<> Colorado Fuol & Iron 44
1.C22 Continental Tobacco 2S s t
4r.0 Continental Tobacco prefd Sl'i
25,137 Federal Steel 44
4.0 M Federal Steel rrefd 70^
4,170 General Electric 139 : a
2,010 Glucose Sugar 43
Gulcose Sugar prefd 90
International Paper 21
423 International Paper prefd 65
Larlede Gas 72
550 National Biscuit 35' i
National Biscuit prefd S7»i
National Lead 23
242 National Lead prefd I<H%
600 National Steel 2S£
I.oi>o National Steel prefd 92
New York Air Brake 125
2.200 North American lS'-i
Pacific Coast M»^
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific CoaFt 2d prefd 62
455 Pacific Mail 334
7.150 People's Gas 103 T ,
6.050 Pressed Steel Car 49
Pressed Steel Car prerd $2
222 Pullman Palace Car ISI
4SO Standard Rope & Twine 6-H
25.660 Sugar IW'i
Sugar prefd ; ?.110
4.470 Tennessee Coal & Iron *7>i
4.14S United States leather 1114
2,242 United States leather prefd 71
3<">Q United States Rubber 534
1.270 United Stntes Rubber prefd 97
1.2^5 Western Union 81 7 £
2,140 Republic Iron & Steel 191^
t"0 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 62
P C C & St Louis f,3
100 Third Avenue 112
540.400 Shares sold.
CI/-)PING BONDS
U S 2s refunding
(when 1F.5ued)....103
Do 2s reg 994
Do 3b reg 109
Do 2s coup 110
Do new 4s reg.... 133
Do 4s coup 134
Do old 4s reg....ll!'i
Do 4s coup 114H
Do 5s reg 112%
Do 5s coup 113S
D'.s of Col 3.6T.5....122
Atchison gen 4s lno^
Atchlson. adj 4s S4'.i
Can South 2ds 107
Ches & Ohio i'ie.. b9\
Do Le 120»i
Chic & NW con 75.142
Do S F Deb 55.. 122
Chicago Ter 4s S6'>
Den & R Q 15t5. ...104
Do 4s 99%
E Ten V & G Ists.jn2«i
Erie Gen 4s 74
F W & D C 15t.... 72
Gen Elec Es 117^ j
Gal H & S A 65. ..107
Do 2de 110
II & T Cen 5s 110
Do con 6s 110
lowa Cen Uts 113V4
X C P & G lsts... 73
La new con 4s 108*4
L & Nash unl 45.. 100},
Mo X & T 2ds C 3
Do 4s 93' i
N V Cen lsts 110',,
N J Cen gen 5s 124
N Car 6s /. I27',fc
Do 4s 106
North Pac 3s CS'*
Do 4s jni'i
N rCftS L 45.... 107
N & W con 4s 9S
Do gen 6s 134
Or Nay lsts log
Do 4r K3%
Or Short Line 65.12S
Do con 5s 112/£
Read Gen 4s F9
R G W lsts <<9H
S L & I M con 85..110V4
Do S F ten 65. ..121
St Paul con 172V4
8 P C & Pac lsts. l2o
Do 6s 121>4
South Ry 5s H2U
Ptand R & TCs 72
Term new pet 2s JOH
Texas & P lsts 115
Do 2nds 58
Union Pac 4s 10.1%
Wabasli lsts lig
Do 2ds 103
West Phore 4s 114U
tt'ls Cen lsts 92V,
Vlr Cent 9m
Do def c
Col & Sou 4s M' 4
iiouth Pac 4s g4^i
MINING STOCKS
fThouar jo
Crown Point 15
Con Cal & Va 1 f.O
Dead wood CO
Gould & Curry 22
Hale & Norcross.. 31
Homestake 60 00
jron Silver 69
Mexican 30
untarlo 8 00
Ophlr 70
Plymouth 12
Quicksilver 1 50
I>o prefd 7 CO
jfierra Nevada 4S
rtandard 3 45
Union Con 2S
yellow Jacket 28
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 19.— Close— Money on call,
steady, at 2%®3 per cent; last loan, 2^4 per
cent: crime mercantile paper, 4>; i ys per cent.
Sterling exchange, strong, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 E7% for demand and at
$4 64 for 60 days; posted rates, $4 84% and
4 EB%: commercial bills. $4 S3«;@4 S3*;, silver
certificate*. COHQCIHc; bar silver, £.»Hc; Mexi
can dollars, 47»ic. lionds — Government. IrreßU
lar: State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds. Ir
regular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 19.— T0-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $152,101,729; gold, $54.5E5,945
London Mirkct
NEW YORK. April 19.-"-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
There was no Increase of business In the mar
kets here to-day and the tone was dull. Amer
icans were Idle. They made a difficult advance
above parity, but New York came a seller of
Union Pacific, which London continued to buy,
creating a fairly large account. Baltimore and
Ohio was the only stock New York bought,
letting the market go flat. In the street there
was a feverish rally. Coppers began flat on
New York's quotation for metal and Paris
refrained from supporting Tlntos, which Lon
don beared. Then Paris began to buy, caus
ing a rally. Tlntos closed at 59 '¦;<*, having been
at IS%. Anacondas closed at 10 7-16, having
been at 10 3-16. Money was wanted for the
war loan pay-day, but nothing was due the
Bank of England, which did a large buslnesn
In discounts, relieving the pressure. Calls
finished steady. Silver stationary, simply be
cause New York Is holding off. The market
looks "rocky" If New York sells.
CLOSING.
_ Canadian Pacific, 99%: Union Pacific pre
<""¦ -¦?- KfU . Northern Pacific preferred, 78%;
Charters.
The C. S. Holzr.tE loads lumber at Tacoma
for Kahulu!: C. A. Thayer. lumber at Grays
Harbor for Fuva; Drurr.rr.u:r, lumber at Che
r-ia-inus for Melbourne, €3?.
Excess of Exports
During the menth cf March the value of
the imports cf merchandise Into the United
States was J56.412.177 and the value of the ex-
ports $:34.£12.34». ehowir.g an excess of exports
of $47 871.171. For the nine months ending
with March the value of the imports of iner
chandiF* was $641.0C",?CQ ar.d that of exports
$1 C03.h32.C75, the value of the excess of ex-
n rt:- t-einK $412,196,715. The excess of imports
of gold for the month wa« $556,656. and for the
rsir.e months the excess o: import!- was $7.510.-
<:s. The excess of exports ot silver for the
month was $2,3'J3.:76. and for the nine months
1i6.f19.r.22. The value of the excess of exports
at merchandise over that of imports for the
nine months er.dir.g March "1. 1»94, and the
five years following was: $57,M5.406. $7u.r.9\t.61;
J223,413.e:2; J470.CC1.K-4; J417.'. i TO,27S; $4::,156.715.
Weather Report.
(12fth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 19. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate, as compared with those of the bair.e date
laFt season and rainfalls in the last twenty
lour hoars:
Last This Last
Fta-.ior.*— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 47. 26 32.13
Red Hluff 0.00 20.53 15. 37
Facramento 0.00 16.40 13.91
Kan Francisco 0.00 17.59 15.38
Fresno 0.00 7.35 6.7«
In^fj-enclence 0.00 2.7« 1.16
t-an Luis Obispo 0.00 1T>.26 14.77
Los Angeles O.W 5.6S 4.79
han Diego 0.00 3.38 4.5S
Yuma 0.00 0.7S 1.34
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
fc£; minimum, W; mean, 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The prersure hns fallen rapidly over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Over
Utah and Nevada there has been a fall of
three-ter.ths of an inch. A depression ot con
siderable energy appears to be moving south
ward and will probably reach the Sierras by
Friday morning.
The temperature has fallen rapidly over the
country vest ot the Rocky Mountains. In the
Ean Joaqutn and Sacramento Valleys there has
been a fall of from 14 to 16 degrees.
Kepurt* from Eureka are missing.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Wlnnemucca, 46 miles per hour, from
the south: Independence, 26, from the sjuth-
Wf-st; Lake, 24, from the south, and
Lander, ;'4, frmn the south.
Forecast made at i^an Kfancisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 20, ISOO.
Northern <"aliforn;a — Cloudy and unsettled
wemher Krlday. viith ruin along the coast and
th.jwers la the Interior; brisk touthvresteriy
v md.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, possibly showers ; fresh suuth
»<-st mriad.
Nevada— Rain Friday.
Utah— Pnjt>ably showers; cooler Friday.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday.
Han Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled weather Friday, probably showers;
brisk southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Atchison. 27«4; Grand Trunk, 8 l ,i: Anaconda,
10 1 *; Rand mines, 36%. Bar sliver, steady,
27% d per ounce.
* *
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK. April 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25.257 barrels; exports. 11,493 barrels; quiet and
weak on everything but low grade winters.
Winter straits, $3 40Q3 60; Minnesota patent,
J3 70«j3 90.
WHEAT— Receipts. 29,600 bushels; exports,
24,235 bushels. Spot— Easy; No. 2 red, 79>4c
f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 76Vic elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 76'ic f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth, "CVic f. o. b. anoat prompt.
Options — Hold off again to-day because of the
weakness in English cables, coupled with bright
Western crop prospects and May liquidation.
In the afternoon part of the session the loss
was regained on local covering. The close was
steady at %c to net decline. May. 72t;&>
73i4c, closed 73c; July, 72 !3-lGc@7SHc, closed
73c; September. 73H^73&c, closed 7JHc.
HOPS-Steady.
WOOl^— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, Sttc;
No. 7 Jobbinjt. S%c. Mild, market quiet; Cor
dova, 9H5140.
Futures closed barely steady, 5 to 10 points
net lower. Total 6Oles. 22,750 bags, including:
May. $6 95; June. $7; July. $6 PSS7 06; August,
*7{j7 05; September, $7 05® 7 15; October, $70
7 10; November, $7 "5; December, $7 40; Janu
ary. $7 45; March, $7 55.
SUGAR— Raw, easy; fair refining. 3 31-32 c:
centrtfuca!. i 6 test. 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3\c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4634 packages; steady.
Western creamery, 15ViSlSc; factory, 13i{15c.
EGGS — Receipts, 11.729 packages; steady.
Storage Western at mark, 12%«J13c; regular
packing at mark, 12Vi@12%c; Southern at mark,
ll@l2Hc.
DRIED FRUITS
Business on a hand-to-mouth order was In
the market for evaporated apples to-day. Buy
ers are holding off. The undertone, however,
was steady under smaller receipts than looked
for and rather favorable country reports. Cali
fornia dried fruits were Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
?HiiSc; prime, s»i@6c; choice, 7tf7?-ic; fancy,
7?i<(jSc
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3V£S7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@lSc; Moorpark. 15@lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS@22c; unpeeled, 7HS9C.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 19.— There was little busi
ness, if any. in the market for metals to-day.
Buyers were conspicuous by their absence. In
sympathy with a decline of 2s 6d for tin In
London, the local market here was easy and
151125 points lower, closing at J3O Soig3l.
COPPER— Despite the sharp decline in Lon
don, held fairly steady at fully sustained
prices, closing quiet at $17.
LEAD — Quiet, continues unchanged at $4 67 J /a
bid and Jl 7: 1 *. asked. The brokers' price for
lead was $4 4a and for copper, $17 25.
SPELTER— RuIed barely Eteady, closing a
shade lower at $4 72 1 -4ij4 77Vi.
PlGlRON— Warrants weak at $16.
Exchange and Silver about the same.
Wheat futures slightly off. Barley steady.
Yellow Corn firmer. Oats and Rye dull.
Large receipts of Bran from Oregon. Hay dull.
Beans and Seeds continue inactive.
Potatoes rather firmer. Onions declining.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before.
Poultry firm, with moderate stocks.
Cherries loivcr. Oranges declining.
Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Provisions firm, as previously quoted.
Meat market unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds very dull.
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
NUTS— -.Valnuts, B@9c for standards and
9&10 c for softuhells; Almonds. 114@12e for
paper shell. ?@loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell: Peanuts, 6%@6%c for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%@Bc; Filberts.
125?12V4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50®a.
HONEY— Comb. 11H612C for bright and 10^3
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
7«ic; light amber extracted. 7>4@7Hc; dark.
s&@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
The firmness continues and dealers are freely
predicting an advance In a few days.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per 1b for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and H'-je for migar cured. Eastern
EUgar-curcd Hams. 13HTtl4c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 £0915: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12^i?J3c per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Bc per lb for
compound and B%®9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 9Uc: 10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins. IO^C
COTTOLENE— Tierces. BH®S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9Uc.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10®llc; medium. 9Hc; light, 9#9V4c; Cowhides,
SQSHc: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9ft9V4e; Calf, 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 18®19c; culls and brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@17c: Dry Calf. 19@
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15i&30c each; short
Wool, 35560 c each: medium, 70©90 c; long Wool,
$1(61 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 2553 for large
and $1 25@1 75 for small: Colts, 25{?30c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins— Prims Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 3£c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s#sHc per lb; No
2, 4ff4M-c; refined. 6V4c; grease, 2HS3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows-
Northern free, 16@18c; Northern defective. 13@
16c; Middle County, free. 15@17c; Middle
County, defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12S'14c; do, free, 7 months', 12®15c
do, defective, 7 months'. 10@I2c: Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20#23c; Nevada, 16S18c per lb
HOPS-6%@10c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are the only scarce description, and are
very firm. Beef Is easy.
nEEF-6S6^c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— «Vi®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c: ewes. 6H©7e per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. B®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. BT»©6Hc for small and
medium and s\igZs\c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. sViSsfec ; dressed Hogs. 7@SUc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6>4<36Vic; Wool Bags. 2S&S32>£c;
Fleece Twine, 7V4c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; new Welling
ton. fS; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle
$6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend. $S;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S: Cumberland. $12 in
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14: Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke, $15
per 'on In bulk and $17 In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c; Powdered.
0.60 c; Candy Granulated. 5.20 c: Dry Granulated.
Ti.lOc: Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
?3xtra C, 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.. p .oc; barrels, 10c
mere; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 60c more;
PO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for lees
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, s.Sac;. Sac; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. APRIL 19
Flour, qr sks 8.703
Wheat, ctls 7,715
ilarley, ctls 4,765
Corn, ctls 355
Cheese, ctls 2ZS
Butter, ctls SS-'l
Tallow, ctls 252
Beans, sks 62b
Potatoes, sks 1.075
Onions, eks 135
Uran. sks 1.551
Middlings, sks... 645
Straw, tons 5
flay, tons 324
Wool, baes 677
ivits. bdls 142
Hides, No 4,757
Wine, gals 33,700
leather, r0115.... 43
Quicksilver, flsks 48
!"egs, doz 37.F90
Lime, bbls IS2
Paper, reams 70S
Raisins, bxs I.OCO
OREGON
Flour, qr Bks 10,082
Wheat, ctls 4.2. r xl
Oats, ctls 6SO
Potatoes, sks SOl
Bran, sks 9,529
Middlings, sks... 175
Shorts, sks 3,543
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
they needed at 53c, while others were willing
to pay 54c and 55c. Valley is quiet at &3@o4c.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 297,215 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 19.-WHEAT-Market quiet
and quotations unchanged. Blue stem, 66c.
club, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April 19.-Consols, lOUi; silver,
27% d; French rentes, lOlf 15c; cargoes on pass
age nominal, unchanged; cargoes Oregon, 31s;
Lnsllsh country markets, steady; Imports Into
United Kingdom, wheat, 332.000; Imports Into
United Klnedom, flour. 265.000.
LIVERPOOL. April 19.— Whaat, dull: No. 1
standard California. Cs 5%d: wheat in Paris
weak; flour In Paris, weak; French countrj
marketß. qm«*
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. April 19-- WH c ?, A . T -; Spot :
dull; No. 1 California, 6s 6d<S«s 5V4d; No. 1
Northern spring 6s Hd. Futures— <luli. April,
nominal; May, 5s 9Ud: July. 5s Bv»d.
CORN-Spot American mixed, new, quiet. 4s
l%d; futures, easy; May, 4s %d; July, 3a 11 ;fed;
September. 4s.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 22i 300 Mexican S4
200 Best & Belcher 24 300 Mexican 33
200 Caledonia 1 35 SOO Ophlr 73
150 Caledonia 1 324 300 Ophtr Tl
Xl5O C C & Va 1 70i 500 Overman 24
150 C C & Va....l 67V4; 600 Overman 23
200 Crown Point... 18 250 Standard 340
600 Hale & N0r.... 37 500 Utah 11
600 Justice 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
THURSDAY. April 19-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Alpha 04 05 Justice 04 03
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — 01
Andes 10 11 {Lady Wash — 05
Belcher 21 22 j Mexican 33 34
Best & Belcher 24 25 Occidental 11 13
Bunion U3 05 pphlr 71 73
Caledonia 1351 40 Overman 22 24
Chollar 12 13'Potosi 27 29
Challenge Con. 20 23 Havase 10 11
Confidence — 95 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 65 170 t<<?g Belcher 04 05
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 49 l>)
Con New York. — 04'Sllver Hill 12 —
Eureka C0n.... — 50iPt. Louis — 12
Crown Point... IS lSjStandard 325 —
Exchequer 03 04;Pyndlcate — 12
Gould & Curry. 27 28 Union Con 30 31
Hale & N0r.... 36 &' Utah 11 12
Julia — GSlYellow Jacket. 30 31
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Isabella Van Winkle to August J. Lang, lot
on the E line of Gough street. 131:3 S of Fulton.
S 60 by E 137:6: $10.
Toby and Henry Schussler to Schussler Bros,
(a corporation), lot on N line of Grove street.
HI:G W of Franklin. W £6, N 68:9, E 30, N 65:9,
E 26. S 137:6; 110.
Almlra T. D.. John D., Franklin P.. Howard
C. and Jennie D. Sherwood to Matt nan j
Schwamm, lot on S line of Ellis street. 77:3 W
of Gough. W 27:3 by S 90; $10.
Herman and Fannie Summerfleld to Michael
and Hannah M. Forrest, lot on WJlne of Gough
street. 30 N of O'Farrell. N 27 by W 137:6; $10.
Pacific Loan Association to Mary and J. T.
Goodman, lot on N line of Haight street, 13. .0
W of Eroderlck. W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Fanny S. Downing to Glovan 8.. Lulgl. Ple
tro and Bartholomeo Raffo, lot on E line of
Castro street. 50 S of Twenty-fourth, S 64 by
E 80; $S4OO.
Rosalia and Salvatore Mazza to Blaslana De
luca (wife of Salvatore). undivided % of lot on
N line of Kent street. V) 0 W of Mason. W 37:6
by N 75: $10.
Joseph B. Coryell to Sarah Counlhan. lot on
E line of Carolina street. 100 N of Seventeenth
(Santa Clara), N 150. E ICO, S 75, E 100. S 75.
W 200; $10.
Clarkson Dye to A. L. Edwards, lot on W
line of Tenth avenue. 400 S of M street. S 25 by
W 120: $10.
John Pforr to Anna Pforr, lot on NW corner
of Forty-fourth avenue and M street. N 32:6
by W 100: $200.
Clara H. and Henry F. Blanchet Jr. to Annie
Wai pole, lot on E line of Wheat street, 223 N
of Salinas, N 23 by E ICO, lot 39. block 5, Gar
den Tract: $10.
August Lltzlus to A. C. Lltzlus. lot on W
line of North avenue, 50 N of Cortland avenue.
N 25:8 by W 70. lot 41. P. V. Lands: $10.
Michael Williams Sr. to James English, lot
on N line of Crescent avenue, 250 W of South
street, W 130. N 100. E 100. N 100. E 50, S 200,
block 5. Holly Park; $10.
Alameda County.
James 11. and Mary A. Hlggins to Johanna
F. Hlggins, lot on N line of Thirteenth street.
150 W of Peralta, W 30 by N 106:3, being lot 5
and portion of lot 6, block 726-A on map of re-
Bubdlvlded portions of blocks 726-A, 727-A and
727-B, Oakland; $10.
Irene M. and Rasmus Larsen to Anna Mc-
Neill, lot on S line of Parker street. 127:6 W
of Dana. W 30 by S 134:6. being lot 7. block C,
Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John E. and Magßle G. McDonald to Samuel
L. Dungan, lot on SE corner of Dwlnelle and
Alvard or Blake streets, thence E 240 to point
of beginning, thence S 132:6. E 40, N 132:6. W
40 to beginning, lot 7, block 4. Case Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
William C. Hull to Kate Adelaide Hull, all
Interest In the following: Lot on SE corner of
Ixiurel street and Walter avenue, S 132.50 by
E 80. being lots 23 and 26. block N. amended
map of Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township: also
lot on S line of Twenty-eighth strct. 106:3 W
of Magnolia. W f.O by S 110:6, being lots 17 and
IS, block 643. Oakland; gift.
Emma J. and A. B. Cooper to Maud C.
Cannon, lot on E line of Versailles avenue. 4ZO
N of Calhoun street. N 32. E 163. S 32. W 153
to beginning, Alameda: $10.
William Owens to Elizabeth Owens, lot on
S line of Knox avenue. 220 W of Telegraph. W
70 by S 140, being lot S and E CO feet of lot
9, Knox Park. Oakland: gift.
F. G. Jones to Orestes Pierce, lots 8. 9 and
10. block D. map of lands of Oakland View
Homestead Association, portion of Walsworth
100-arrc tract. Oakland; jrrant. .
Oakland Building and Loan Association to A.
J. Fester, lot on SE line of Twenty-first ave
nue. 77:6 SW of East Twenty-second str»et. SW
fA SE ICO, SW. 12:6. SE 25. NE 62:6. NW 123. to
beginning, block 67. Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland: $10.
G. W. Grayson and J. V.'. Phillips (surviving
partners of firm of Grayson, Owen & Co.). Mary
E.. Alice R. and Frank L. Owen. Eliza J.
Grayson (wife of G. W.) and May E. Phillips
(wife of J. W.) to Grayson-Owen Company (a
corporation), all Interest In following: Lots 41
to U, block 2, Maxwell Tract. Oakland Town
ship: lots 114 and 115. block S, same. Oakland
Township: lots 127. 12S. 129 and W 60 feet of lot
120. blcek 9, same. Oakland Township: $10.
Henrietta P. Brusseau to George W. Brus
peau. lot becinninff at SW corner of lot 21. on
map of subdivision of portion of Piedmont
HelKhts. thence SE 1.33 chains. NE «67 chains
to center of Edith street, thence NW .89 of a
chain. NW .62 of a chain. SW 6.67 chains, to
beginning, portion of lot 21, Piedmont Heights.
Oakland Township: gift.
W. C. and Clolsa Talt to C. M. MacGregor,
lot on NW corner of Tompklns and Ralston
streets. W 120 by N 133, being lot 10, block 5,
State University Homestead Association No 3
Berkeley; $10.
Charles M. and Lena G. MacGregor to R. J.
McMullen, same, Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. K. L. Doran (owner) with William Can
field and W. 11. Lowe (contractors), architect
E. W. Hyde— All work for a two-story frame
building (flats) on lot on N line of Union street
60 W of Webster, W 23 by 100: J32CO.
Adam Andrew (owner) with John T. Long
(contractor), architects Havens & Toepke — Car
penter and mill work, glazing:, painting, var
nishing and hardware for finishing of office
nnd office partitions. Including front fence to
be s<?t up In a two-story brick bulMlng on lot
on SE corner of Brannan and Sixth streets,
S 137:6 by E 57:6: $HBL
Enterprise Brewing Company (by IT. Remens
perger. president) (owners) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architect H. Gellfuss— Carpenter
work and material, including steel wheel
guards, etc., fr.r one-story frame addition to
company's building on lot on S line of Enter
prise street. 245 E of Folsom. E 63 by S 70;
$1228.
Notice to Mariners.
UMATILLA REEF LIGHT VESSEL NO. S7.
Notice is hereby given that on or about May
13. 1900. Light Vessel No. 67. moored about
two miles and a half SW. »i S. from Umatilla
Reef. Flattery Rocks, making off from Capo
Alava, and about four miles and ;i quarter
west-southwesterly from the cap*, will be
temporarily withdrawn from her station for
repairs, and the station ylll b-? marked by a
gas buoy, painted red with "Light Vessel Moor
ings"' In black and showing a fixed u-hite light.
Light Vessel No. 67 will be .-etumeJ to "her
station as soon rs repairs have been com
pleted and the buoy withdrawn, of which dvi
notice will be given.
This notice affects the "List of Lights nnd
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1900." -wir.; 32. No.
145. and ¦ the "List of Beacons und Ituoyq, Pa
cific Coast, 1900." page 63.
By order of the Llchthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. lIIGGtNSON.
Rear Admiral. U. S. N.. Chairman.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal
April 19. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock d. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the helzht of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. APRIL~2o]
Sun rises 5:23
Sun sets 6:;o
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
NOTE—In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the. successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slen (—)( —) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth glv<»n by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
AUCTION SALES
£* SECOND AUCTION SALE OF £*
75 DRAUGHT. CARRIAGE AND DRIVING
HORSES, t
Suitable for trucks, delivery wagons, carriages
and buggies. Some excellent saddle horses in
the bunch, also several fa3t pacers by "'AN-
TARE" and "ALHENTON."
All young, welt broken and In splendid con-
dition. Consigned from the stock farm of I.
H. Mulholland of Tulare. Cal.
As In our previous sale we will offer nothing
but the best. No wcrn-out culls, or second-
hand animals among the lot. Positively no
reserve.
Public Invited to Inspect them now r.t the
salesyard.
Special attention Is called to the TEN
HEAVY TRUCK HORSES, weighing frc-n UOO
to ISOO pounds.
Sale takes place In the evening. MONDAY,
APRIL 23. 19C0. at 8 o'clock. Sale pavilion
lighted by electricity.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.
W. G. LAY NO. Auctioneer.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. April 13.
Stmr Po'nt Arena. Hanaen. 15 hours frcm.
M«»ndoc!no. „
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. 23 hours from
I Stm™ Geo Elder. Randall. 60 hours frcm
I Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
I Stmr Willamette, llansen. SS hours frcm \ an
couver. via Port Anireles 73 hours.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson. 74 hours from New
port (S). etc.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. It hours from
! Stmr Peru. Irvine, 20 days 13 hours from Pa
! nama and way ports.
Br stmr Marauense. Baraesson. 94 days from
I Mahukona. _
Schr X 9 F Jewett, Johnson. 7 days from South
Scar Salvator. Asmussen, 54 days from Grays
I Harbor. _
Schr Monterey. Beck. 60 hours from Coos
" V " CLEARED.
Thursday. Afrit 19.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka; GQodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard. Seattle: E T K-use.
Schr Helen N Kirn ball. Hanaen. .Eureka;
Charles Nelson. 1
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson. Karluk;
Hume Bros & Hump.
6AILED.
i Thursday, April U.
Etmr Corona. Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Willapa.
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, .
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomts. Bridsett. Ventura.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Signal, Bendesard. Seattle.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus. Vancouver.
Ship Eclipse. Larsen. Bristol Bay.
Ship Louis Walsh. Gammons, Port Ar.<»lN.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson. Karluk.
Pchr Daisy Row?, Nyman, Coos Bay.
Schr Ocean Spray, Larsen. Iversens Landing.
Schr Mary Sachs, Bain, Unalaska.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landlnc.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 13. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
Feb 7. lat S6 33 S. lon 73 W— Br shlo Cam
brian Princess, frcm Fraser River, for Liver
pool.
Feb 16. lat tl N, lon 23 W— Ger bark H
Hackfeld. hence Oct 23, for Leith.
April 3. lat 15 N. lon 25 W— Br bark Dunreg
gan. frcm London, for Seattle.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. April IS— Br stmr St Jerome, from
Norfolk, for Manila, put into Singapore dam
aged by collision. Stem twisted and starboard
bow stove in. Will repair and will be afloat in
about one week.
Fr bark Touraine, from Swansea, for San
Francisco, put Into Teneriffe April 7 to land
captain, who was sick from rheumatism.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
US AL— Arrived April IS— Stmr Newsboy, hno
April 17.
Sailed April 17— Stmr Luella, for San Fr*n
'ne'w WHATCOM— SaiIed April 13—Schr Se
home, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HA KBOli— Sailed April 13— Schr Jen
nie Thelin. for Bristol Bay: bktn Mary Wln
kelman. for Kihel: stmr Coquille River, tor Saa
Francisco. _
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 17-Schr Lucy,
from T'mnqua. Anril 19— Schr Meteor, from
Pert Blakeley. _
Sailed Anril 17— Schr Mlidred. for San Fran
cisco: schr Challenger, fcr Port Townsend.
NEWPORT— Arrived April 13-Stmr West
port, from Eureka. l—"-L" L'L
HOW ENS LANDlNG— Arrived April I*-Schr
Corinthian, hence April C
GREENWOOD— SalU-d April 13— Stmr Alca-
r pORT F TjOS A NGKLES— Arrived April IS—
Schr Defiance, from Tacoma.
.Sailed April IS— Haw stmr San Mateo. for
"mDOS'DO- Saf'cd April 13— Stmr Despatch.
April 13-Schr Emm*
13-Br bark Ber
••('/.Liii-i-.' ff>r Oueenstown.
Ifv \TTI F-Salled April IS-Stmr .Humboldt.
frr ikaeuay Anril 19-Stmr Rosalie, for
Sk-iruav hark Northern Light, for Cape Nome.
Arrtvrt April 19. at 4 p m-Stmr Robert Dol
ta TIIAA ( MOOK-Arrlv«J April 17-Stmr TOUh
mookTh^nre April tt April 13-Stmr W II
Vmrpr hence April 14.
PORT TOWNSENP— Arrived April 13-Schr
«seounla from Pan Dleso; schr Comet, from
San Pedro, for Port Camble. •
Passed in April 1»-Stmr Robert Dollar, taenc*
April 14. for Seattle.
Sailed April W— Br shlr> Drummuir. for Ta
coma- schr Comet, for Port Gamble.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived April IS— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
Sailed April IS— Stmr Advance, for etitow.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived April 13— Ger itmr Mltos.
from Kobe.
NAOASAKI-Salled April 16— Stmr Cone
maueh. for San Francisco.
LElTH— Arrived April 19— Ger bark H Haek
feld. hence Oct 22.
ACAPirLCO— Sailed April 17— Stmr City of
Sydney, for Panama: stmr Ccsta Rica, fcr Pa-
HONOKONG— Arrived April 13— Br stmr City
of Dublin, from Tacoma.
COLON— Arrived April IS— Stmr Altlanr*.
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Arril It— Br sMd St
Muico. from Oregon; Br ship Sierra Blanca.
hence Dec 23.
NEWCASTLE. Aus- Arrived prior tn April
lit — Br shlD Glencalrd. to lead for San Fran
cisco.
PANAMA— Arrived April 9— Stmr San Bias,
from Chamrerico.
COLON— Sailed April IS— Br stmr Athos. for
New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed April ID— Stmr Spaarn
dam. for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 13— Stmr Kals-r
Wllhelm 11. from Oenon. etc.
Sailed April 19— Stmr Illcr'anta. for Copen
hagen ; stmr Columbia, for Hsmhury. via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg, stmr La Oa*eogn<», for
Havre; stmr Rhein. for Bremn. via Southamp
ton.
NAPLES— Arrived Aoril 19— Stmr Ems. for
Genoa.
QITEENSTOWN— Sailed April 19— Stmr Ow
manlc. from Liverpool, fcr New York: stmr
Belgecland. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia-
8
ARTICLES.
I Open. jHish.i Low. (Close.
— ' "¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ --¦ ¦ I i
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
September
65U
6CH 60»i 6314 Cs'4
.. C 6% 67V, CC% 66',
67% 68 67^ 67* i
Corn No. 2—2 —
April
May
July
September ,
Oats No. 2—
May
July
September
Mess pork, bbl —
May
July
Lard, 100 Its —
May
July
September
3S
*8% 3ST4 SS», 38$
.. 33% 39^ 39i» 3!*H
40V4 *QH 4O',i 40U
.. 23% 23% 23V4 23U
• • 23-H 23% 23 23>»
.. 22 Vi 22.i 22% 22%
.. 12 95 13 10 12 95 13 00
.. 13 15 13 15 13 12U13 15
.. 725 730 7 22>A 7 22H
.. 735 7 J7V4 7 324 7 32'?
.. 7 3"Vi 7 42^ 7 37V4 7 37',i
Short ribs, 100 lbs-
May
July
September
.. 715 720 715 7 174
.. 715 720 715 7 17^
.. 715 7 17% 710 7 12Vi
ARTICLES. [Receipts.! Shlpm'ts
Flour, barrels 20,000 31.000
Wheat, bushels 1 37,000 < 19.000
Corn, bushels 250.000 1,663.000
Oats, bushel 170,000 451.000
Rye, bushels 11.000
Barley, bushels 24,000 4.000
Steamer.
State or Cal
Pamoa
Progreso
Santa Rom
rnqullle River..
Washtenaw
T>llu»
Del Xorte
St. Paul
.(Portland
.iHumboldt
. iTacoma
.:San Die*o
.|CS rays Harbor
.ITacoma
/Oyster Harbor
.[Portland
.Oyster Harbor
(Apr. 20
(Apr. SI
!Apr. n
!Apr. 21
lApr. 2t
lApr. 21
Apr. 21
Upr. 2t
Apr. 21
Warfleld
rmatilla
VUlamook
Pomona
•Vorth Fork
ron* Bay
Bristol
Alcha
r ,tty of Rio J...
..Oyster Harbor....
. i Victoria & Puget
.iTlllamook
.iHumboldt
.[Hamboldt
.'Newport
.'Oyster Harhor
• ICrescent City
.China anfl Japan.
Apr. 21
iound Apr. 22
|Apr. 23
Apr. 22
Apr. 2:
A^r. 21
Apr. 11
!Apr. 23
JApr. 21
Australia
Corona.
Columbia
.'Honolulu
.!San Dlesr>
.'Portland
Apr. 24
Apr. 2.1
lApr. 2"i
Algca
Crescent City...
.'China and Japan.
.'Crescent City
!Apr. 21
tApr. 2".
JApr. W
Bonita
lApr. 27
Pnint Arena
. i Point Arena
lApr. 27
Steamer. I Destination.
. I Sails. I Ptar.
Bonlta Newport
Pt Arena. .'Point. Arena..
Walla WalJlVlc A- Pet Sd.
Jeanle Tape .Verne...,
Thrasher ...|Cape Nome....
..*Apr. n. SamlPterlX
.Apr. 21. 2pm Pier 2
I.l Apr. 21. lf> am Pier !>
..l Apr. 21. 2 pin' Center
..JApr. 21, 2pm;Center
Samoa iHumboldt
State of CaY Portland
Aberdeen ..!Pu*et Sound..
City Puebla'San Diesro
Co,iuii!e Xv Grays Harboi
Tlllamook .'TUlamn*.lc
..'Apr. 23, 10 ami Pier 1J
. Apr. 23. 10 am Pl«r 2*
.. Apr. 23. 4 pm'Pler 2
..!Apr. 23, Uani;Plern
rApr. 24, 13 m
.'Apr. 24 1
Pomona ....jHumboldt
?!Apr. 24. 2 pm'Pler 3
llnr ">i I"? m T>\*T \t
Arcata Coos Bay
Aloha Orescent City.
Coos Ray... (Newport
Nip Maru.JCnina&.Tapar
Pel Norte. . lOrefson Ports.
..'Apr. Z4. i; m.rier v
'.[Apr. 2*. 3pm|Pler 3
..l Apr. 25, 9am:Pterll
n'Apr. 2". 1 pm'PMSa
i.JApr. 25. Sam'PlerSO
North Fork'Humboldt
..JApr. 26. 9 arr. Pier 2
i-matilla .JVlc & Pet Sd.
..' Apr. 2«, ltam Pl#r 9
rorjna .....'Pan Dlesro
JApr. 27, 11 air.'P!er 11
folumhta ..: Portland
.iApr. 2S. 10 am Pier 24,
ARTICLES.
I Open. jHish.i Low. (Close.
— ' "¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ --¦ ¦ I i
Wheat No. 2—
April
May
July
September
65U
6CH 60»i 6314 Cs'4
.. C 6% 67V, CC% 66',
67% 68 67^ 67* i
Corn No. 2—2 —
April
May
July
September ,
Oats No. 2—
May
July
September
Mess pork, bbl —
May
July
Lard, 100 Its —
May
July
September
3S
*8% 3ST4 SS», 38$
.. 33% 39^ 39i» 3!*H
40V4 *QH 4O',i 40U
.. 23% 23% 23V4 23U
• • 23-H 23% 23 23>»
.. 22 Vi 22.i 22% 22%
.. 12 95 13 10 12 95 13 00
.. 13 15 13 15 13 12U13 15
.. 725 730 7 22>A 7 22H
.. 735 7 J7V4 7 324 7 32'?
.. 7 3"Vi 7 42^ 7 37V4 7 37',i
Short ribs, 100 lbs-
May
July
September
.. 715 720 715 7 174
.. 715 720 715 7 17^
.. 715 7 17% 710 7 12Vi
ARTICLES. [Receipts.! Shlpm'ts
Flour, barrels 20,000 31.000
Wheat, bushels 1 37,000 < 19.000
Corn, bushels 250.000 1,663.000
Oats, bushel 170,000 451.000
Rye, bushels 11.000
Barley, bushels 24,000 4.000
O Time Time| Time Time
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W L, W H W L W
| i | j l ]
tu ...I 2:03 6.2 9:1$ 0.01 4:49 «.< »:29 3.2
21 . . S:04 6.0 10:19 0.2 5:41 4.6 10:46 2.1
22 ...I 4:20 4.S 11:17 O.'J 6:30 5.0
L. W| H W I, W H W
23 ... 0:00 2.6 5:45 4.7 12:1« 0.7 7:15 5.2
24 ... 1:06 2.0 7:03 4.7 1:11 1.0 7:591 S.4
25 ... 2:0« 1.3 8:1S 4.S 2:05 1.3 8:401 S.S
26 ... 2:53 0.C 0:26 4.9 2:53 1.6 9:20| 5.9
Steamer.
State or Cal
Pamoa
Progreso
Santa Rom
rnqullle River..
Washtenaw
T>llu»
Del Xorte
St. Paul
.(Portland
.iHumboldt
. iTacoma
.:San Die*o
.|CS rays Harbor
.ITacoma
/Oyster Harbor
.[Portland
.Oyster Harbor
(Apr. 20
(Apr. SI
!Apr. n
!Apr. 21
lApr. 2t
lApr. 21
Apr. 21
Upr. 2t
Apr. 21
Warfleld
rmatilla
VUlamook
Pomona
•Vorth Fork
ron* Bay
Bristol
Alcha
r ,tty of Rio J...
..Oyster Harbor....
. i Victoria & Puget
.iTlllamook
.iHumboldt
.[Hamboldt
.'Newport
.'Oyster Harhor
• ICrescent City
.China anfl Japan.
Apr. 21
iound Apr. 22
|Apr. 23
Apr. 22
Apr. 2:
A^r. 21
Apr. 11
!Apr. 23
JApr. 21
Australia
Corona.
Columbia
.'Honolulu
.!San Dlesr>
.'Portland
Apr. 24
Apr. 2.1
lApr. 2"i
Algca
Crescent City...
.'China and Japan.
.'Crescent City
!Apr. 21
tApr. 2".
JApr. W
Bonita
lApr. 27
Pnint Arena
. i Point Arena
lApr. 27
Steamer. I Destination.
. I Sails. I Ptar.
Bonlta Newport
Pt Arena. .'Point. Arena..
Walla WalJlVlc A- Pet Sd.
Jeanle Tape .Verne...,
Thrasher ...|Cape Nome....
..*Apr. n. SamlPterlX
.Apr. 21. 2pm Pier 2
I.l Apr. 21. lf> am Pier !>
..l Apr. 21. 2 pin' Center
..JApr. 21, 2pm;Center
Samoa iHumboldt
State of CaY Portland
Aberdeen ..!Pu*et Sound..
City Puebla'San Diesro
Co,iuii!e Xv Grays Harboi
Tlllamook .'TUlamn*.lc
..'Apr. 23, 10 ami Pier 1J
. Apr. 23. 10 am Pl«r 2*
.. Apr. 23. 4 pm'Pler 2
..!Apr. 23, Uani;Plern
rApr. 24, 13 m
.'Apr. 24 1
Pomona ....jHumboldt
?!Apr. 24. 2 pm'Pler 3
llnr ">i I"? m T>\*T \t
Arcata Coos Bay
Aloha Orescent City.
Coos Ray... (Newport
Nip Maru.JCnina&.Tapar
Pel Norte. . lOrefson Ports.
..'Apr. Z4. i; m.rier v
'.[Apr. 2*. 3pm|Pler 3
..l Apr. 25, 9am:Pterll
n'Apr. 2". 1 pm'PMSa
i.JApr. 25. Sam'PlerSO
North Fork'Humboldt
..JApr. 26. 9 arr. Pier 2
i-matilla .JVlc & Pet Sd.
..' Apr. 2«, ltam Pl#r 9
rorjna .....'Pan Dlesro
JApr. 27, 11 air.'P!er 11
folumhta ..: Portland
.iApr. 2S. 10 am Pier 24,Grist of Divorce Mill.
OAKLAND, April 19.— Divorces were
granted to-day by Judge Ellsworth as
follows: Jennie E. Shirley from E. Q.
Shirley on the ground of desertion; Ma
mie Broderick from Edward Broderick
on the gTound of willful neglect; Hattie
F. Long from George W. Long on the
frround of extreme cruelty. Judge Hall
granted Emely M. Stuart a divorce from
Archie Stuart on the ground of desertion.
George E. Olmstead was granted a di
vorce from Jessie Olmstead by Judge Og
den. the prounds being desertion and In
fidelity.
Pierre Lorillard Jr. Here.
Pierre Lorillard Jr. of New York, son of
the famous tobacco manufacturer and
owner of racehorses. Is at the Palace, ac
companied by his wife and his son. Pierre
Lorillard 111. R. Mortimer and wife and
the three Misses Mortimer are also mem
bers of the party. They are here on a
pleasure tour.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF. CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY, April 19.— The follow
ing will be the staff of the Blue and
Gold for 1002:
E4ltor-ln-chi»>f, Jewett Earle: business man
ager. Henri' Pixley; managing editor, Wlnfleld
Durn; literary editor, Frederick Allrn; art edi
tor. Itaymcnd Carter: associate editors, Misees
Kllt>n liartr,n, Grace Hoggs, Onia Davies, Lydia
I>ozler. ilabe! Jarvis, Mary Jewett, Mary
Murrin. Elise Wenrelburger, Zena "\\>st;
Mt-s«rp. Alex. Adler, Monroe Peutsch, John
Eshlemtn. Vere Hunter, Will Powell. Orville
I'ratt. Ben Kwd. John Rom, Dv Ray Smith,
Edgar Zoolc PtalT photographers. Archie Alex
ander, Calvin Esterly. C. 11. Weed, 11. Taubles,
J. J. Eppinrer. P. T. Clay. 11. Davenport, N.
J. Felbufh. J. YV. Meui, W. D. Root.
The new gymnasium was formally dedi
cated this evening by a dance. The re
ception committee was as follows:
Mli-ses Elizabeth Eby '01, Florence Mayhew
'C 2. Eliraßeth Oraham '01. Mlltan Nathan. '00.
Anna McClelland '02, Emma Moffat '02, E.
Adams '03, Zoe Larkfn '03, Minnie Wilson '00,
Ethel Wagner '00 and Katherine Key»; Mensru.
I^ee Kerfoot "01. U. S. Haseltine '00, Uert Moore
'01. W. A. S. Footer '00, Charles Bailey '03.
John Rons '02. Eurene Roland '01, C. Tracy '02,
Earle Mcßoyle 'C 3. Bryan Hell 'OJ, Hal Gor
r\\\ '02 and A. B. Übuart '01.
Dr. Elmer E. Brown, professor of peda
gogy, has been honored by the University j
of Jena. Germany, by printing his name !
In the announcement of summer course. '¦•
The following have been elected officers
cf the Occident: D. Alex Gordenker, edi
tor; R. S. Pierce, business manager; R.
W. Tully. president; W. H. Schwartz, sec
retary; R. J. Felbush. treasurer.
Pens to the number of 3,500,000 are used !
throughout the world every day in the ,
week. I
A Bankrupt Merchant
Alexander Fraser, a merchant of Oak
land, has- field a petition 'in insolvency/
His liabilities are $1117 40; no assets.
Boland Must Pay Costs.
Judge Seawell handed down, a decision
in, the. contest by John Farnhamof the
election of : Patrick Boland as Public Ad
ministrator, assessing $270 in costs to the
defendant. The costs so taxed were in
curred after February 2, on which date
Farnham withdrew.
Supreme Court Ready for Business.
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court and Justices Henshaw, Van Dyke
and Garoutte arrived yesterday from Los
Angeles, where the court has been in ses
sion for. the past two weeks. The other
Justices are expected to arrive this morn-
Ing. The Supreme Court will be ready for
the transaction of business here to-day.
THE Mayday outing to be given at
GJeo I'ark by the San Francisco
Public School Teachers' Annuity So
ciety for the benefit of its retirement
fund promises to be a monster affair, and
it is calculated that 50,000 people will visit
the pleasure grounds on that day. At a
meeting of the department of supervision
yesterday it was Judged from responses
to circulars that SO.oijy tickets oX admission
are already Bold, amounting to $4000. With
other receipts it is believed that the
necessity of reducing the retirement rate
will be obviated.
Not the least interesting feature of the
affair will be the souvenir programme, for
which competitive designs have been sub
mitted by the pupils of the industrial art
department of the Polytechnic High
School, of which Miss Marie Van Vleck Is
the head. The design of Miss Anna Luk-
ens has been selected to grace the front
page cover. Creditable designs were also
drawn by Miss Camille Johnson, Miss
Mattie Adams. Miss Cornelia Felt, Miss
Isabel Johnson and Miss Lorella Murdoch
Twenty thousand programmes will be
printed and distributed.
Designs for badges in the two university
colors have been submitted by Miss Marie
Boutin, Miss Adelaide Dibble, Miss Ger
aldine Bohen, Miss Nonle Adams and
Miss Camille Johnston, but no selection
has as yet been made. *
Chairman Jordan announced that the
park proprietors had decided to build a
new reviewing and band stand near the
creek. This will be used by the officers
of the day and city officials in the morn
inx for the exercises and in the afternoon
by the Judges of the games. Five thou
eand children will take part in the physi
cal culture exercises and patriotic songs
at 10 a. m.
Colors for the Police.
There, will be a full dress parade of the
police on May 1, when Mayor Phelan will
present a stand of colors to the depart
ment, including the new municipal flag
and the stars and stripes. All the uni
forms must before that time be In ac
cordance with the recent regulation, in
cluding white stripes on the trousers
white chevrons for the sergeants and a
shorter coat.
Refused to Divulge to Dodge.
The trial of A. B. Caldwell, proprietor of
the Pioneer Warehouse, was commenced
before Justice of the Peace Barry yester
day. Caldwell has been sued by Assessor
Dodge for J2OO because of his refusal to
divulge the amount of personal property
stored in. his warehouse in the name of
various firms. Attorney Marsh endeav
ored to have the Assessor subscribe to
an agreed statement of facts in order to
have the Supreme Court decide whether
he can compel warehousemen to make a
sworn statement of goods not beloging to
them,- but held on storage for others.
Dodge absolutely refused to do bo, claim-
Ing that the Political, Code gave him the
authority to exact statements. Marsh
paid that the Assessor had brought suit
simply that he might be allowed to annoy
and worry inoffensive persons. Judge
Barry will decide the case next Saturday.
Showers All Over the State.
It is predicted by Weather Prophet Mc-
Adle that there will bo a goodly number
of Bhowers all over California to-day. The
cause of it Is a big storm that is raging
east of the Sierras, bringing southeasterly
winds along the western coast. Mr. Mc-
Adle states that the storm center Is in
Nevada, hence the slopover of showers on
the west side of the mountains. Yesterday
Is sprinkled over the central and northern
(sections of the State, extending even as
far south as Merced and Modesto.
To Raise Belgians.
The California Belgian Hare Associa
tion, formed for the purpose of breeding,
buying, selling and exhibiting Belgian
hares, has Incorporated with a capital
stock of 125,000, and with AY. N. Rank, F.
W. Van Slcklen. George H. Mastlck and
Robert B. Mitchell of Alameda and
John A. Percy of San Francisco as direc
tors.
Yerba Buena's Anniversary.
Yerba Buena Parlor of the Native Sons
had a banquet last night in celebration
of Its fourteenth anniversary. Following
the menu there were songs, comic recita
tions by F. C. Yager, Dr. 11. C. Richards
and C. V. Hughes. L. F. Walsh responded
to "Our Parlor," Joseph E. O'Donnell to
"Past Grand Parlors." J. J. Harmes to
"Sausallto Politics." Charles S. Peery to
"Straw Bonds" and John Graham to "Our
Guests." There were present: Frank
Kenny, C. V. Hughes, John Graham. G.
W. Lippmann, Joseph E. O'Donnell, F. C.
Yager, Clarence Musto, A. E. Bucking
ham, F. L. Pritchard, L. J. Aubert, Fred
W. Leps, Con Roman, C. E. Fredericks,
M. J. Sheehan, John T. Harmes, W. S.
O'Brien, George Grant, L. F. Walsh, C.
B. Hobson, P. H. Dawson, T. O. Heycjen
feld, Dr. A. A. Drossell, John F. Schroth,
Charles E. Peery, Daniel Suter, Dr. John
N. Borger, W. P. Hall, Joseph D. Abrams,
Richard Farley, Dr. H. C. Richards and
C. Nicolls.
MAY DAY BENEFIT TO
BE MONSTER AFFAIR
League Club Entertainment.
Company D. First Regiment. League of
the Cross Cadets, will give an entertain
ment at Native Sons' Hall on Friday
evening. April 27. Th© programme will
consist of specialties by the best local
talent, followed by dancing.
Workmen Want a Chance.
At a meeting of the Eureka Valley and
Park Lane Tract Improvement Club last
night the secretary was instructed to re
quest the Supervisors' Committee on the
Fire Department and the Board of Edu
cation to hold night sessions for the bene
fit of workmen who own property and
may wish to be present In the interest of
their homes. As it is now this class of
property owners cannot attend these
meetings without losing a day from their
employment.
Pioneers Dance.
The Society of California Pioneers had
a reunion at Pioneer Hall last night. The
entertainment consisted only of dancing.
Icecream was served and a very pleasant
evening was spent. The following had
charge of the affair:
Floor manager — Kob«rts Vanderrook. Floor
committee— Dan O'Callaßhan, U. R. Hush. F.
K. Phelps. J. M. Baker. Ed Duisenberjf. H. D.
Hawks, George N. Van Orden, W. Z. Tiffany.
Heception committee— D. J. Buckley. W. L.
Duncan, Thomas Cole. 11. Bouton. 11. 11.
Welch. A. R. Cotton.
Lectured on Egypt.
Rev. J. Fuendellng. pastor of St. llar
kus* Church, on O'Farrell street, near
Gough. lectured before a large audience
in his church last evening on "Palestine
and Egypt." Stereopticon views were
used to Illustrate his subjects. The money
derived from the lecture will be devoted
to the German school which is a part of
the church.
STRIKING ITALIANS
ARE UNDER ARREST
Search for Weapons Made in the
Houses of the Laborers — Fright
ened Inmates Flee.
CROTON LANDING. N. V., April 19.—
This was by far the liveliest day in and
around the Croton Valley since the strike
began, seventeen days ago. The civil and
military authorities played a very promi
nent part In the day's proceedings and tht
result is that twenty-six Italians are now
behind prison bars, awaiting examination
on charges of inciting to riot and carry
ing weapons with intent to inflict bodily
Injury.
Sheriff Molloy of Westchester County
secured thirty-two warrants for tho ar
rest of the leaders of the strikers and also
search warrants for the houses in the
Italian colonies where the laborers lived,
from Judge Smith at Sing Sing.
This fact became known last night and
more than 100 Italians fled from their
homes during the night to avoid arrest.
It was said to-day that fully 150 men who
had struck for higher wages had gone to
New York and Syracuse, where they have
secured other places.
The Sheriff, with a posse of twenty-five
deputies, escorted by Company D of the
Seventh Regiment, arrived at the Bow
ery about 9 o'clock, where they imme
diately began a thorough search of the
houses for weapons and ammunition and
whenever they came across a person for
whom they had a warrant- they placed
him under arrest. There was not the
slightest resistance made, except by one
man. In the Bowery nine prisoners were
captured.
The Sheriff then went to the other side
of the river and scoured the houses on top
of the hill and in Little Italy. In this
round-up, which lasted nearly four hours,
sixteen prisoners were captured.
OWENS ARRESTED.
Wanted for the Murder of Ed Hall
at Lytton Springs.
SANTA ROSA, April 19.— At about 4
o'clock this morning T. J. Owens, charged
with the murder of Ed Hall In a cottage
at Lytton Springs last night, was cap
tured by a Sheriff's posse at his home In
Alexander Valley. He made no effort to
escape and denies that he committed the
murder.
After his arrest he was taken to Lytton
Springs and was Identified by two women
who were in the house when the shooting
occurred. The officers are sure they have
the right man. Owcn3 admitted being at
Lyttons last night, and says he met a
man going to the springs who had a rifle
in his hands. Later he said that he had
no knowledge of what happened for about
two hours last night, as he was crazy
drunk. He remembers having gone to the
house where the murder took place.
Redlands Park Enlarged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDLANDS, April 19.— A. K. Smiley
has presented to the city an addition to
Smiley Park of three and a half acres,
worth $25,C00. The addition is to the park
fjresented by him two years ago, contaln
ng a public library building. This makes
his gift to the city about $75,000. It is dis
tinct from the famous Smiley Heights,
the private grounds of A. K. and A. H.
Smiley in another part of the city.
Killed by a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO, April 19.— The late passen
ger train last night ran over a man a
mile south of town and mangled him be
yond recognition. Late this afternoon the
remains were recognized by the clothing
as those of Frederick Charlax, a French
gardener, aged 65 years. Lately he was at
the County Hospital, but ran away two
days ago.
Stopped by Sheriff.
SAN JOSE, April 19.— Eddy Martin was
badly whipped by Kid Johnson before the
San Jose Athletic Club to-night. The men
were fighting ' the twenty-first round,
when the contest was stopped by Sheriff's
officers. Johnson knocked his man down
twice in the eighteenth round and had
clearly the better of the fight, although
he gave ten pounds weight away.
Hanged by a Mob.
VICKSBURQ, Miss., April 19.— Advices
from Bolton state that Henry McAfee, a
negro accused of an attempted assault
upon a Mrs. Saunders In Hinds County.
was hanged by a mob in front of the
Brownsville scnoolhouse.
Mrs. Garcia Divorced.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
MARYSVILLE. April 19.— M. R. Garcia
of this city secured a divorce from his
wife to-day on statutory grounds.. E. A.
Combes, Garcla's partner, was named a
corespondent.'
RUMOR THAT GOVERNOR
TAYLOR IS INDICTED
Grand Jury Charges Two More Men
With Having Been Accessories
to Goebel Murder.
FRANKFORT, April 19.— Indictments
were returned by the Grand Jury this
morning against John W. Davis and
Green Golden as accessories to the mur
der of Governor Goebel.
Green Golden is a cousin of Wharton
Golden, who turned State's evidence.
John V. r . Davis was a policeman on the
Capitol Square, who tried to escape from
Frankfort with Caleb Powers.
The prosecution against W. L. Hazel
rip, who Is accused of being an accessory
to the murder of Governor Goebel and is
now out on bond, has been dismissed.
It is persistently reported here to-night
that Governor Taylor has been indicted
by the Grand Jury and that the Indict
ment was returned this morning along
with those against Captain Davis and
Green Golden, but that this indictment
will not be given out until Governor Tay
lor returns from Washington.
m
CURIOUS DEATH.
Sudden End of a Man Who Had Long
Seen an Abstainer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Nebr., April 19.— A special
from Bralnard, Nebr., says: A sudden
death in a curious manner occurred here
to-day. Frank Sobeslousky. a highly re
spected citizen and a member of several
secret societlea, entered Spahl's saloon
and dropped dead. He had formerly taken
a total abstinence pledge and had never
broken It. and he died before he got to
the bar, if Indeed it waa his purpose to
drink. He came here from Morse Bluffs
six months ago and started a butcher
shop. Pious people say the death stroke
was a mark of the Almighty's displeas
ure.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Considerable Opposition Has De
veloped to Senator Perkins' Bill
in Regard to Log Bafts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The follow
ing pensions have been issued:
California. Original— Robert S. Logan,
Healdsburg, $S; Eugene Tasdell. Campo
Seco, $6; William L>. Jacox, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6; Augustus A. Cud
ner, San Francisco, $8. Increase— Robert
Cummings, Los Angeles, $6 to $S; Francis
C. Wiggins, San Diego, $6 to $¦>. Original
widows, etc.— Special accrued, April 6,
Margaret L. Riordan, Eureka, IS.
Washington. Original— Philip Patton.
Frances, *S;,_ Henry Nesson. Blockhouse,
?6; Joseph C."- Adams, Orting, $12.
Oregon. Original— Benjamin F. Mat
thews, Roseburg, J6. Increase— Joseph A.
Palmer, Empire City, Jti to $8; William
Whitney, Pleasant Hill, |6 to JS
Viola A. Kanawyer has been appointed
postmistress at Millwood, Fresno County,
Oil I.
The Comptroller of the Currency has ap
proved the selection of the Chase National
Bank, New York, as the reserve agent of
the C rocker- Woolworth National Bank
San Francisco. -
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Spaulding, in a letter to the Collector of
Customs, San Francisco, decides that
hereafter bags entered for exportation
with the benefit of drawback must be
plainly marked "for drawback" upon the
outside surface of the bag. It appears
that large quantities of bags are snipped
to Mexico and Central America as extra
coverings and by turning the bags inside
out, with the unmarked surface presented
to view, they have been used as coffee
bags, thereby facilitating evasions of the
duty.
Senator Perkins' bill for the prevention
of towing rafts of logs at sea, which
passed the Senate seme time ago, has
not yet been reported from the commit
tee to which it was referred in the House.
It is said certain speculators in the raft
ing business are trying to kill the bill
and have thus far delayed its being re
ported to the House. It is probable that
the bill will not get out of committee un
less the commercial bodies of San Fran
cisco and the Pacific Coast take some
action urging the California Representa
tives to secure if possible Its favorable
report, to the House.
The Senate Military Committee has ma
terially amended the Root bill for the
reorganization of the army and will re
port It in a few days. The measure pro
vides for the new grade of lieutenant gen
eral and for the rank of major general
for adjutant general. The section relat
ing to lieutenant general is made specially
to apply to General Miles by providing
that the new grade be filled by the
"senior major general now commanding
the army." The new section, evidently
aimed at such cases as that of General
Egan's, provides that the President may
place on the retired list "any officer who
has been suspended from duty by sen
tence of court-martial." The bill also
provides a plan of organizing the artil
lery into corps of two branches, coast and
field at the head of which is to be the
chief of artillery with the rank of brig
adier general.
Philadelphia at Panama.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. CopyriKht, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PANAMA', April ID.— The United States
cruiser Philadelphia, Captain Mead, has
arrived from Punta Arenas. She called on
her way at Boca Chica, in David Bay
She left there on April 17. While in port
Captain Mead and staff made an excur
sion inland to David, capital of the prov
ince, where it was reported an armed
force of Nlcaraguans had - gone. The
cruiser will remain here several days.
Petschnikoff -Hambourg Concert.
The programme for the last Petschni
koff-Hambourg concert, which will take
place at the California Theater this after
noon, is as follows: Sonata No. 2, piano
and violin (Grieg), MM. A. Petschnikoff
and A. I^achaume; "Fantaisie Apassion
ata" (Vieuxtemps), M. .Alexandre Petsch
nikoff; fantasia. "The Wanderer," op. 17
(Schubert), M. Mark Hambourg; "Zigeu
nerweisen" (Sarasate), M. Petschnikoff;
(a) Intermezzo In octaves (Leschetlszky),
(b) "Berceuse" (Chopin), (c) "Gavotte
Moderne" (G. Schirmer of New York), (d)
"Midsummer Night's Dream" (Mendels
sohn-Liszt). M. Hambourg.
BODY OF A SUICIDE
WAS WEIGHTED DOWN
Grewsome Discovery of Two Amateur
Fishermen Outside the Golden
Gate, Near Fort Point.
Albert Willis of 171S Leavenworth street
and George Llttlefield of 19 Glover street,
while engaged in fishing three-quarters of
a mile outside of Fort Point yesterday
morning, discovered the body of a
man floating out with the tide. The case
is evidently one of suicide, as the corpse
was weighted down with a piece of iron.
The fishermen made the body fast to thu
boat, but the rope parted and the corpse
drifted away.
In response to their signals the mem
bers of the life-saving station at Bakers
Beach put out a boat and recovered the
body and held It until the Coroner's depu
ties arrived to take it to the Morgue.
The body was that of a man about 35
years old. with black hair and full face
It was clothed in dark blue round sack
coat, vest and trousers, black laced gait
ers, white shirt with standing collar and
gray woolen underwear. A pocket knife,
a comb, Kold watch and an Oakland ferry
ticket (No. 24,2*1) were found in the
pockets. s
In the left hand coat pocket was an
iron weight tied with a piece of rope, the
other end of which was tied to the left
wrist.
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
STANFORD rNIVERSITY. April 19.—
A valuable collection of sources of Euro
pean history since the time of Charle
magne has been added to the library of
the history department. The set, consist
ing of eighty-live volumes, is known as
the "Monumenta Germanica Historica."
It was purchased recently in Germany for
JI3TO.
The Berkeley glee, mandolin and banjo
clubs will give a concert in the assembly
hall next Saturday evening. A special
train from the campus will return to the
city after the concert to accommodate
visitors to the field day who remain over.
The members of Encina Club will give
a reception to the students of the uni
versity on Friday evening. May 11.
E. G. Farmer ':'5, who has spent the last
two years studying in Paris, has accepted
an instructorship in the electrical engi
neering department.
Herr Max Junghaendel, a noted German
architect, is spending several days at the
uni\*er?Uy. He 1* compiling a work on
American architecture and comes here to
study that of the universities.
Mrs. Stanford will receive the students
at her Palo Alto home on Tuesday, May 1.
A game of basket-ball will be played on
the CastilU-ja courts in Palo Alto next
Saturday morning between teams com
posed of young ladies from Stanford and
the University of Oalifornia.
The Associated Students at a meeting
held this afternoon nominated the follow
ing candidates to fill the student body
offices for the ensuing year: For presi
dent C. M. Marrack '01 and T. J. Hoover
*ul; vice president, W. A. Morris '01 and
J. F. English '01; secretary. C. A. Cant
well *01; treasurer. H. H. Taylor '00; editor
of Palo Alto, F. D. Hamilton f OL C. F.
Riddcll '01; manager of the Palo Alto. J.
G. de Forest "01; woman's athletics, Eliza
beth McFadden '01; executive committee —
G. L. Soboy 'Dl. E. H. Nutter '01, G. T.
Cochran 01. Ed Gilman '01. G. TV. Dryer
•02. A. B. Sill '02. F. Wheeler '02. C. B.
Raitt '«. W. J. Traeger '03. H. M. Slem
mons "C 3: athletic committee — Bristow Ad
ams *Cl. XV. W. Burnett "Cl.- J. F. Lanagan
'00, N. G. Bymonds '01. Harry Edwards '01,
C. McFadden "03, C. Naramore '03.
DEATH RESULTED FROM
SOLAR PLEXUS BLOWS
OAKLAND, April 19.— Edward E.
Lamping, son of P. A. Lamping
and a former member of the Oak
land Police Department, died at an
early hour this morning. He was at one
time among the crack amateur athletes
of Oakland and was fond of all kinds of
sports. For some years he has been do
ing some boxing work with rising pugi
lists, and has been offering himself as a
subject for the practice of the famous
"solar plexus" blow. Being of a strong
and robust constitution this did not harm
him for a while, but in the course of time
it produced an effect upon the heart,
forcing it out of place and weakening its
action, which finally resulted in his death.
Bipeds, With and
Without Feathers
C-i r» ADEMOISELLE MARZELLA is
//\/\ certainly the feature of the Or
lllk*\> P neum blll tnl3 week, not that
she does anything wonderful her
self, but she exhibits a flock of trained
birds that are sensutionally novel. Made
moiselle Marzella's labors in this act are
not severe, but it is difficult to estimate
the amount of patience and industry she
has expended in educating her macaws,
cockatoos, ravens, parrots and pigeons.
The methods she pursues in teaching
these feathered bipeds to do the tricks
the % y perform must remain an enigma.
One can imagine how monkeys and doga
are taught to be human with the aid of
a whip, but the chastising of birds is
quite oeyond comprehension and the re
sults attained are as inexplicable as they
are wonderful.
The act in so much more Interesting
than I expected that I cannot but give it
preference. It is something that must be
seen to be appreciated, for the feats ac
complished are so extraordinary that
there can be no adequate description of
them offered in words, and yet 1 cannot
resist expressing my wonderment at such
things as a back somersault by a cock
atoo and the spectacle of a raven Jump
ing through rings* of tire.
Mademoiselle Marzella's act is quite
gorgeous in point of ornamental equip
ment and her company of half a hundred
variegated fowls give color, movement
and noise to the penormance. It Is great.
Hobby Gaylor does a turn that is half
monologue and half singing. He is bet
ter In the former for his Jokes are droll
and it must be granted that he is the
originator of a very amusing Irish man
ner.
Miss Moore Is the better-half of Bell
man and Moore, who do a rather indif
ferent act. It is her attractiveness alone
that saves this Item of the programme,
which is such as is usually offered by
second-raters. She is worthy of better
things.
Faike and Semon are not new, but their
"stuff" is funny enough to laugh the
audience and their comedy is more taking
than the music they dispense In various
eccentric ways.
The act by Duncan, the ventriloquist,
is rather long, but unusually clever of its
kind.
There is one other turn that is worthy
of more than passing notice and that is
the dancing of the De Forrests. They
are marvels of agility and accomplish
terpsichorean miracles with an ease and
enthusiasm that is astounding.
The Guitanos, a "triumvirate" of acro
bats, again prove that everything Is pos
sible in vaudeville, and one Si Stebblns
entitles himself to a place on the pro
gramme by some original tricks with
cards that are startlingly clever.
The Empire Comedy Four are not "such
a much" and sing like a wire fence. One
of them is half funny.
PORTER GARNETT.
STEPHEN V. COSTELLO.
ROSA REEVES' ROMANCE
RATHER COMMONPLACE
Drank Lots of Absinthe and Had a
Vicious and Ungovernable
Temper.
Detective Anthony told a Coroner's Jury
yesterday all that he krew of the life
history of Helen Gray, alias Rosa Reeves,
alias Jennie Reed, the young woman who
died last Tuesday morning in the City
Receiving Hospital from the effects of
poison taken with suicidal Intent. The
detective knocked all the romance out of
her story, tor he testified that she had
an ungovernable temper, aggravated by
the habit of absinthe drinking.
Several months ago. he said, while sho
was living at 31S Sutter street, she had a
quarrel with her sweetheart, a Jockey
named Harry Springer, and cut his
clothes Into tatters. She followed up thl3
mad freak by attempting suicide by
slashing her left wrist with a knife.
For this exhibition of temper she was
ordered out of the house, and took up her
quarters on Stockton street, which p!ace
she was obliged to leave on account of
her tantrums three weeks ago.
The Jury rendered a verdict of suicide.
It Is known that Jessie Reed was not the
girl's real name. She has two sisters, one
In this city and one '.n Stockton, both re-
Bpectable women. It was at their expense
that the body was jriven decent burial.
ON Tuesday next the Grand Parlor
of the Native Sons of the Golden
West will convene at Oroville. at
which convention it will be de
termined on whom the much-coveted
honor of grand marshal for the next
parade will be bestowed. As the date
of the session approaches a keen com
petition has made itself manifest in the
camps of the various candidates.
The latest aspirant for the' leadership
of the coming pageant is Stephen \.
Costello, a well-known young member of
the legal fraternity of this city. Mr.
Costello is in the hands of his friends,
who are not lacking in energy in advocat
ing his candidacy and who declare that
they are behind the winner.
For fifteen years Mr. Costello has been
a member of the Native Sons, having
joined the order In Petaluma as a mem
ber of the Bear Parlor of that city. Three
years later he joined Pacific Parlor of
this city and has been through all the
chairs of that branch and is a member
of the Past Presidents Association.
Mr. Cnstelio has been a delegate to the
Grand Parlor at many sessions and has
served on Important committees. Twelve
years ago he became a member of the
bar of San Francisco.
HENSHAW TAKES
AN EXPENSIVE
WALK IN OGDEN
Banker Misses His Train
and Hires Special to
Overhaul It.
Goes for a Cruise Around Town and
Returns to the Depot as His
Car Disappears in the
Distance.
I Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. April 19.
William G. Henshaw, president of the
Union Savings Bank of this city, had to
hire a special train at Ogden, Utah, yes
terday because he took a walk that was a
little too long. Knowing that there is
always a short stop at Ogden, Mr. Hen
shaw, who was on hl3 way to Europe
with his wife, thought he would take a
little walk about the town.
Unfortunately for Mr. Henshaw, the
train upon which he arrived was an hour
late and he returned to the station just in
time to see it pulling out.
Knowing that he could not make
steamer connections unless he went on
that train, he hired a special engine and
chased the regular, making a run of seven
miles in eight minutes, finally overhauling
his train. That little walk uptown was
expensive.
TEACHER OF GREEK
TO WED AN ACTOR
FRIENDS DESIRE HIM
TO LEAD THE PARADE
LOVE'S FIRE IN
DAVIS' LETTERS
Parson's Epistles to His Wife
Burned With Passionate
Appeals to Forgive.
Mrs. Kingore Has Faith in Her Son-in-Law
and Advises Her Daughter to
Yield.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway; April 19.
sjnj? LTA KINGORE DAVIS, the pretty
// \\ wife of Edwards Davis, has sud-
Jl \ denly departed for New York with
the determination to have pressed a
puit for divorce. Behind her she leaves a
record in the shape of correspondence that
puts her husband's eide of the matri
monial entanglement In a new light.
Davis was in New Orleans when he was
informed that his wife had decided to free
hercelf. Here is his appeal to her to re
*ra*n:
"Listen. Alta. there is absolutely no
limit to my love. I will grant anything,
even that I may never ccc you. if you
will but continue to be my wife. A di
vorce means disaster. . . . Think you
that I can release Tny clutch upon my only
l^ve without a death struggle? O, merci
ful God: Alta. you have nc%"er known the
raging tire I have tried to control within
jr.e bt-cause of you, the only love I have
ever had or can have again."
That outburst of passionate adoration
did not move the young woman. She
maintained resolutely her decision to se
cure a decree of divorce.
The disheartened husband then took his
mother-in-law. Mrs. M. H. KJngore. into
his confidences and recited to her some of
his troubles. Some extracts from his let
ter follow. Speaking of his wife he wrote:
"When I loved her I loved her enough to
marry her. When 1 married her 1 mar
ried forever.. That wa> the main reason
that I could give up my chosen profession.
I became indifferent because I saw the
general futility of much preaching. I saw
the Eham of pretended conversion. I am
r.ot morbid. Christ to me is as change
less as love — the love, not of the flesh, but
eternal."
There is a Fhnrp touch upon the experi
ences which forced him out of the Cen
tral Christian Church pulpit. "But it
seemed to me that all mere ministers
should bo. to say the least, magnanimous.
When I succeeded 1 was envied; then act
ually boycotted. Presuming 1 was guilty
of every charge made against me, after
that Santa Cruz fiasco, 1 should have
thought even from the politic pen of
hypocrisy 1 would have received two mes
sages of sympathy. 1 did set one from
a stranger. But, no, the brethren were
too sincere, and so I decided to go higher.
I am happier now and nearer God than
ever I was at a material altar. Under the
weight of an almost interminable succes
sion of sorrows, had not I been a man of
much endurance and natural faith. I
might almost have felt that God had for
saken me; but he has held me by his
hand: 1 have been led by him to indi
vidual freedom."
There was something to encourage the
zealous hiihband. for throe weeks later'he
wrote to his wife, declaring: "I have no
reason to believe that the love that lived
is dead or dying."
But apain ho repeat? In words of rap
turous adoration: *'I shall love you for
ever, cling to you as a last hope. I hardly
think even you could drive me to relin
quish the hold the tendrils of my heart
have made upon your beautiful, chaste
being. ? • • I believe you will be willing
to wait as Ions: as I manifest my zeal to
accomplish our eventual reunion by work
in? and doing: all in my utmost power to
prove my worthiness."
Again "he wrote begging for indulgence.
Said the distressed husband: "Tell me
your secret heart's desire and I will strive
to fulfill thy hope. What is your am
bition—your future? Let me be even the
piU-nt factor in your realm."
Anothtr passage carried confidence. "I
never have believed you fickle or shal
low, but to the contrary have watched
with amazing- pride the power you have
exercised to withstand the assaults of
temptation upon your purity."
Mrs. Kingore declares her belief in her
son-in-law's constancy and has advised
her daughter not to proceed with the di
vorce undertaking.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 20. 1900.
ONE OF THE DESIGNS FOR FIRST PAGE PROGRAMME COVER
I Sunday's Call
I APRIL 22, 190 CX j
1 A Startling Sensation ;
fj Will Appear on the Front Page.
H Look Out For It. I
1 First Prisoner of the Filipinos
|| An Oakland Lad Tells His Own Story.
I Horrors of a Manila Hospital.
g * A Stanford Boy Relates His Experiences.
I The Greek Church of America. !
ii San Francisco Chosen the See City.
I Shakespearean Relics.
|| They Are Coming to California.
I Maude Adams and That Gold
I Statue Affair.
I Electrical Indian Clubs, Wing-
I less Birds, Odd Pets.
I Freak Pages That Astonish.
I Barbed Wire Telephone Town
If Many Other Bright, Newsy Features Veil
P Written and Perfectly Illustrated. 5 \
I THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL _ # \
GEORGE BLOOMQUEST, juvenile man of the Neill company, Is to wed Miss
Rose Swain, teacher of Latin and Greek in the University of Minnesota.
The bride to be is on her way out here to meet the man of her choice and
the wedding of the actor and the teacher will follow shortly after the lady's
arrival in this city.
Of course, It is a love story and it dates back to the Nelll Company's long
stay in Minneapolis. Miss Swain, in spite of her Latin and Greek proJlclency,
is a great admirer of the theater and spent every Saturday afternoon in true
matinee girl style at the playhouse. First she admired young Bloomquest and
the result of the learned lady's admiration was a meeting between herself and
the idol of the matinee girls. After Mi.«s Swain and the actor met things moved
rapidly and smoothly and the announcement of their betrothal followed very soon
after.
Miss Swain is coming out here in company with Mrs. M. Garbett and Elmer
Bloomquest, a brother of the groom, who is the cashier of the Swedish-American
Bank In Minneapolis. Mr. Bloomquest and Miss Swain are to be married In the
Episcopal church. Elmer Bloomquest will be the best man and Miss Julia Dean,
of the Nelll company will be one of the bridesmaids. Early in June the happy
groom and his young bride will sail for Honolulu with the Nelll 5 company,
where they will spend their honeymoon.
NEILL JUVENILE MAN AND THE FAIR LADY OF HIS CHOICE
9BAA FRANCISCO CALL.
BC~nC_SS OrFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market nnd Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
ecrner Clay: op*n until 9:30 p. m.
$«> Ha yep str«-et; open until 8:23 p. m.
CT9 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
ClB Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1?<1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ItCl Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 p. m.
tJOC Eleventh ptr-et: open until 9 p. m.
JO?6 Valencia street; open until » p. in.
ir23 PoIU street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 n. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
T-. No. t> Jest st.— KeKular assembly ta
THIS EVENING. 7:3u o'clock. Order JV_|
of the Red Cross. All fraters courte- W"
ouslv invited. By order of the Com-
mander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
TERBA Buena Lodse of Perfection No.
I— Meeting THIS iFIUDAY) EVEN- cf
ING st l-o'clock. 1). 5. A
GEO. J. HOBE. J>A
Secretary. «*S3S7
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
>' - ;.>r:.!v>rs please take notice ~£*^lSfSiz.
that several candidates will b? ?55S*^s~r
::.;u_ted THLS (FRIDAY) EVEN- ""¦#// »^
INU. April 20th inst., la Memorial Hall. Odd
Fellows' building, coj-ner Market and Seventh
Fts , t:ZO o'clock. Lodtre convenes promptly
— t i o'clock. Your attendance is requested.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
W. A. LIMBAL'GH, N. O.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec., 400 Powell st.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- _ >_?".>_
lan CJab THIS EVENING, at •AOvQ
o'clock, at Sk-ottis)i Hall. 117 Larkin "*WX&>
et. Interesting lecture illlustrated -«!-**
with Ftereoiiticon views). "A Trip Through
Scotland." by J. D. McGilvray Esq. A full
attendance requested.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McXAIR. Secreiary !
BT. ANDREWS Society— Annual pic- v XT' >_
nic will be held at Fairfax Park. QJ?
n<-ar Fan Rafael on SATURDAY. 'T_i_L_jg
May 12. ISM). Round trio tickets. ••-_?•
60c; children. Esc; to be had from members.
WILLIAM HALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary-
THE California Debris Commission, having Ye-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process trcm the Red Dog Mining Company
and South Yuba Water Company, in the Red
Dog mine, near You Bet Station. Nevada
County, to deposit tailings in Greenhorn
CY«^k; from Martin Kl:ne,- In the Bowlder
Hill mine, near Plscerville, El Dorado Coun-
ty, to dei>csit tailings in a ravine below the
ax.lne; from GL E. Volmer, In the Little Klon-
dyke ptacer mine, near Placerville, El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings in Coon Hollow
Creek, and from E. W. Hayden. in the Bluff
lua«T mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
Ccur.ty, to deposirtailings In a ravine below
the mine, give? notice that a meeting will be
Yit',6 at rccm £9. Flood building, t-"an Fran-
cisco. Cal.. on April SO. lioO, at 1:2& p. m.
Rerolutlons ana a!ploma.«> a rpecialty. J. W.
CrifSth. Hfa)d'» Business College. 24 Poet at.
AG r.NTS
BXPEK-ESCOZD building and loan a«ent_
Room 1406, Claus Epreckels building.
A GOOIJ preposition for ladles or gentlemen.
114' Market *t.
ASTROLOGY.
FJiOF. a. 11APERY of Esy^tTlTrTatesTaEtroi-
oglst and palmist in the world; satisfaction
F\jarantcnl. 437 OoMen Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fr«>e: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe» without fturcess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. SM Market, cor. Stocktn.
TV. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis 2.14. 410 Kearny at.
AI'VICE free: no charpo unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market et.. opp. Mason.
F. 11. MEIiZBACH. attcmey-at-law, has re-
quired practice at rc3 Cal. «., Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLAKK. Err.rr.a Spreckels bldf.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BATII CABINLT— HOT Alii. VAPOR.
RCBINEON S5 4-panel folding: door opens firm
end safe. W. S. BROWN, gen. agt.. 426 Ellia.
BELGIAN 11ARES.
THE AMERICAN RABBITRY.
W. B. SINK JR., Proprietor.
Freest Imported Belgian Hares In the United
Statea.
See our macn'.:ic«-nt young buck.
BANNOCKBURN.
A worthy offspring cf the great Lord Banbury.
PRINCESS ZENIA.
TTtie ni?n beautiful imported doe In America.
Ttls week v.-c will sell Yukon does bred to
Uar.nockburn for Jl2 &0.
Y-junr Sir Banbury does same price.
See before you buy and get good value for
your money.
Stock by champion of the world Fashoda,
Charaiucn Kdlnboro 11. Champion Lord Ban-
bury, Charr.rion Yukon, Champion Dash. Sir
fctyies. Lord Edir.boro and Trinidad.
Park Avnue. Emeryville.
On* block from San Pablo-ave. cars.
AT F. E MASON'S. ITJ& Everett St.. Ala-
meda— "LOßD ESSEX." Imported, fee 129;
"Teddy Roosevelt." winner first priie Los
Ane*>s. '•• SII-; "Dandy Ftyles." own bog
c* ••Sir Styles. " fee $1»: "Britain Prince,"
cwn son of "Lord Britain" and "Avalanche."
fee tIS: "General Washington" (heavyweight).
cos of "Star Buck." fee 110; does bred to
these bucks from flO up; closed Sundays.
BARGAIN? IX r.ELOIANS—
Fine pfdic^eed Sir Styles does, bred to Sir
Yukon. Britain, bred and unbred Yukon,
Britain, Klondike does; <loe and litter cf 8;
S eriendld Duke Auckland bucks, none better.
Itedfoot Babbitry, Seventh ar.d Clay, Oakland.
WESTERN ADDITION RABBITRT. tlOl Cali-
fornia st. ; *ale«rocra. stall 12. Union-square
Market. O'Farrell _nd Powell ets.; choice
pedigreed stock.
ATTENTION— TRFTMONT BELGIAN HARE
CO., 2:24 FiUmor* Et.. San Francisco. Cal.
Senfl 6 cents in Ptanips for book on care and
feeding. The cheapest, and best treaties on
the rubject.
EALESROOM lor the Laurel Dell Babbitry of
fialin&f. <"al., at the Montgomery Market. 733
Market «t.: aeente for the Meadow Brook
Belgian Hare Company of Los Angeles. .
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Headed . by Pala?»
Koyal, fforlTjg 6 prize*; other bucks at stud
tr.G for eale: doe« of all grades and rtrains.
br«<J nnd unbred. 1177 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd.
FOR rale — Pedipreed Belgian hares; from $5
upward. MARKKT-PT. RABHITRY. W. C.
BENTHAM. rrojiri*tor. '£2 Market et.
iIASCOT BABBITRY. -427 Sutter st.. S. F. Fine
pedigreed rtock guaranteed: at reasonable
prices; rervir-e, til and J2o.
THE i:ncir_.l r.al.b'try, Hatlett & B»w. 122J
ft.. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
CHOICE t'.falfa for Belgian hares. 20 Golden
fiat* ay*
BOOKS \i:\V AND OLD.
CCHOOL. BOOKS bct:cnt and rxch«npxi.
Ho!ir« Boot! OftJ Tf'l 'M!«'!'-i «t n»a>- Thtrri.
HOOT AND bUOB UAIUiAIXS. .
BARGAINS in lcd'.es' and children'a ehoea;
cr_n:i:.'-rs' samples at manufacturer* cost.
J. KOHLBK'KKIi. Uh Fourth ft. *
DVSIKC-S CUANCIiS.
X^oXD^EsfA^BLTsHEJirroadhouse with over
oae acre of ground; house of 7' furnished
rooms, with barroom, "piano, etc.; renj $30.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. <>"€ Market St.
;_._SSO<<— BAZAAR and notion etore, with 3 fine
living rooms; rents tZ2 f.«; a good paying bus-
iness; rtock values the price; best location on
principal street. K. G. WILKE. SO* Market.
i— JliSO; BAKERY en leading business street;
V.vs-t'-rr. Addition: rent f£>; 3 horses, wagon;
S new ovens; baking :,*-_. barrels per day; slck-
c«H c_i!6e of tale. See R. G. WILKE. 9CW
M-rket ft.
A— SSSO: PARTNER wanted in old established
and first -cl£E« paying corner zaloon; retiring
partner to leave lor Nome; a splendid offer.
Cal! R. G. WILKE. 'Jo€ Market -t.
A— 12200; CORNER grocery end bar on Hayes
et. ; r*nt 12J, including rooms; large stock of
liquorv arid groceries: a first-class, paying
fcurinws*. Inquire R. G. WILKE. M 6 Market.
A— Jltt/0: CORNER crocery and bar. with 4
llvirg rooms: ront J00; 3 years' lease; the best
comer on Mission st.; place doing a good
raying cash JiuMness; full value In sight,
tali R. G. WILKE. H* Market st.
A— fSJO; CIGAR ttore; clearing J4 daily: eplen-
dld location: Market and Kast ets.; rent $12.
C*'.! R. G. WILKE. SM Market at.
A ROOMING house, north of Market: a money -
maker. COWING 4- CO.. 719 Market st.
A' CIGAR Ftore: clears $100 month: fine loca-
tion. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A SALOON; business place; only day trade.
•COWING ¦& CO.. 71» Market St.
. t .
A— COAL and wood yard; a big bargain.
COWING & CO., 719 Market Bt.
A— STATIONERY; fine place; 4 rooms; take
this now. COWING £ CO.. 71? Market st.
A— $4"00— ON account of large and Increasinc
business, young man wants partner in dairy
liroduce business; controls first-class trade;
lir.e outside route; cood hordes and wagons:
fu!l eet of machinery; everything favorable
far rapid Increase; must have help; clears
$300 per month; b#-st references; must be able
to k-<:> plain accounts, act as cashier, look
after help, etc.; owner there 9 years. STEM-
BERG CO.. S3 Market tU
BUSINESS CHANCEL— Con tinned.
$_Ioo_WINERY near the city; everything com-
plete; cooperage 30,000 gallons; buildings and
property Included; bargain; departure cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777yi Market.
KOO— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city; bar-
gain this day. McLaughlln & Co.. 777^ Mrkt.
$CO— TAILOR shop; bargain; on account of
death. See McLauchlin & Co.. 777tt Market.
$1500— Old established cornsr saloon; bargain;
going to Cape Nome cause of sale. Mc-
LATCH LIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
$300— PARTNER wanted in good paying saloon;
steady man required. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market et.
QUICK 6alea is our motto.
Should you want to buy, sell or exchafnge any
property or business, we are able to please
you in every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
j MEGLADDERY. 759 Market at.
J7&O— SAI-OON on East St.; paying business;
rent $50. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market at.
$2750— GROCERY and bar: paying business;
must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
CORNER grocery for sale; $1100; in the best lo-
cation of Oakland: plenty room for bar, with
a splendid fide entrance: good paying custom-
ers: business can be largely Increased with
right management; full investigation. Address
box 2757, Call office. Oakland.
MUST be sold at once— Restaurant doing a fine
business at 23 Grant aye. For particulars call
on EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market.'
$1200— OLD-ESTABLISHED — ocery and bar In
the Mission.* Particulars, TILLMAN & BEN-
PEL, corner Clay and Battery *sts.
WANTED— A small business for cash; no
agents; give particulars. Address F. B. S.,
lIS Fulton st.
j3O0 — FOR sale — Long-established watch and
Jewelry repairing store. Box 4CIO. Call office.
A BAKERY for sale, cheap; cause, sickness.
Address box 4647. Call office.
FOR sale— Oyster house; good bargain; night
trade. Catl 268 Hayes st.
HOTEL to rent: 507 Twentieth St., near Union
Iron Works. Inquire 907H Illinois Et.
IF you want to buy a nice little restaurant call
at 24 Eighth st. '¦.
FOR Fale— Barber chop: cood business; rare
chance. Box 279. San Luis Obispo. Cal.
COUNTRY general stors for sale — Complete
etock. horse and wagon, etc. ; well-built fur-
nished house, modern conveniences; large
grounds, barn, stables and chicken-houses;
about 2iO head choice poultry, cow; well-pay-
ing business; no opposition; beautiful climate
and Burroundlngs:, price $4500 cash; house,
etc., cost more: own>*r has important interests
north. C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St., S. F. |
DRUG store for sale; $2000; In a good residence
eectlon of Oakland; clean stock, modern fix-
tures and a first-class location; any one wleh-
lns to take advantage of this offer must cs.ll
tocn as owner is going into the manufactur-
! ing business. Address box 2754, Call office,
I Oakland. i
FOR sale— An established manufacturing busi-
ness for the reproduction or restoration of
hair; rights and patents all clear; doing an
Al business and receiving orders from every
direction. BROCKELHURST & MEGLAD-
DERY. 759 Market ft.
FOR sale cheap— Complete brickmaklng plant;
easoline engine; Quaker machine; capacity
15,000; located on Donahue road; convenient
fcr shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton. Sonoma County, Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, all rented; near car houses and
transfers; rent $3i; going to Cape Nome.
1915 Central aye.
OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher business; cash
rpgister, safe and Icehouse; owner leaving the
city: cheap. Apply at 1206 Valencia st.
STATIONERY, school supplies; fine location;
near 4 school houses; low rent; clean, new !
stock and fixtures. Box 4553. CaTl. |
$2000 CASH or security; grocery and bar; fine (
stock; gcod location; no agents wanted. 30 j
Lily aye. j
HOME bakery; old-established place; call and
pee; a fine chance for fancy baker. Box 4C65,
Ca'.l office.
FOR sale— 2 cood milk routes and dairy store:
2- fine wagons; 3 h*ad of horses; business
sp«-ak« for itself. Box 4655. Call
i . 1 — — — —
$3900— FOR. sale; a fine corner drugstore; owner
has two places: place is making big money.
Address box 8018, Call office.
BARGAIN— Good paying dairy; 17 cows, 8
horses, route, etc. r only $1100: must sell im-
mediately. Lock box 127, Fruitvale P. O.
WELL-ESTABLISHED hranch bakery, candy
and notion store cheap: reasons, going back
East. 916 Railroad aye. South.
BAKERY Etore. 1105 Howard St.; 4 rooms, with
large uven and tools to let low; location excel-
lent.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
$150— PARTNER wanted in paying business;
trial given; Investigate. 632 Market, room 16.
2-STORY house for eale. to be removed, at a
bargain. 522 O'Farrell 6t.
BARBEP.S— 2-chalr shop, with baths. In near-
by country town. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis.
BARBER shop for sale; on account of depart-
ure. Cor. Railroad and Seventh ayes., south.
FOR pale cheap; saloon and ctore fixtures; bar
counters, shelvinc*. etc. 309 Fourth st.
t MUST sell cheap: hay, grain, wood and coal
j business: established 20 years. £22 Howard.
GOOD paying dairy, delicacy store; living rms.;
roust sell; departure. W., box 4556, Call.
I SHOE shop for sale; good location. 2007% Fill--
more 6t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
| A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
| tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
; at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9p. m.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦ ¦••¦' •¦'¦• ¦¦'-¦ -n
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
EB-ROOM hotel and bar at a bargain.
100 rooms; rent $50; clears $200 $1500
IB rooms; on Third st 250
17 rooms; on Jones Bt 600
. 6 rooms and bath 200
PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE.
SO rooms; restaurant and bar; in Stockton 750
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2200
S-room fiat; new; elegant 250
15 rooms; on one floor; near Call office.... 550
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; payments 450
16 rooms; on Market »t. ; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. IC2O Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call b'.dg.
i Lodging houses, all parts of city.
4 of 7 r. ; Bof t r. ; S of 10 r. ; 7 of 12 r. :
! lof 14 r.: «of IS r.; 7of 21 r. ; Bof 26 r.J
\ 4of 32 r.; Bof 26 r.: 4of 40 r.; «of to r.;:&_%
And many more. Please call for particulars.
! R. 11. WINSTON & CO
10K Market St
20 rooms $.r.OO. r .O0 12 rooms $700
40 rooms $C5O 41 rooms $425
65 rooms Jl7OO 60 rooms $2000
$900— 34-ROOM house; fine location: all rented:
must sell: i»!ckness: 704 Howard St.. near
Third. BASILE. 3 Ed<3y at.
SNAP; $175; 18 rooms, all rented; good loca-
tion; cause of selling, plcknes. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
$575— ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms,
bath, laundry: nice yard; permanent roomers;
profitable Investment; 4 blocks from Market
St.; new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-st. corner, near Market; 20 sunny
rooms: brick building; fine location. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
$200— LODGING-HOUSE for eale. 233 Third St.;
11 rooms.
LODGING HOUSES TO LET.
MISSION. £29, bet. First and Second— House of
18 rooms; rent $35.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW Sc. 2d-haxtd wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
wajrons. 1140 Folsom St.. near Eighth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Ca— >«t Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th fit.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4T3 Stevenson Et.; tel. .South 223: lowest ratea.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
flat* nve.: telephone East 126. .
SPIRITUALISM.
NAPOLEON'S scientific developing circle under
Venus, the goddess of beauty, to-night at 220
Eddy et.. 8 o'clock; 25c.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2, 8
p. -m. 14 McAllister St., r. 35; admission 10c.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. daily; consult, free;
meeting to-night; all invited. 148 6th. rm. 1.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium; 43 -Sixth;
circle every evening; 10c; sittings dally.
MME. HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 11l Sixth St., room It
SPIRITUALISM.
A^T—NTiSNT^rrrrrTrTTrrrrTT??!. ~.{ .removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Moet Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially -
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervoug affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk cf the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
eands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever l-.avlng come to see this wonderful
woman Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly confidential. ______
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off »t Clinton S tailor., second station from
Broadway.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Frl. eve.. 19c;
read., L. 25c. G. 50c. 1204 Flllmore, nr. Turk.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th: dr. Mon., 8 P. m.
MME VERLEIN, life and card reader; busi-
ness advice 60c. E27H Post st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium. life render: sitting. 11. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 206 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
etery; she will show you how to overcoms
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections: unite the separated: recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while in a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk st, near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; «hows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; tips
on racca. 11-7 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkin.
MRS. DR. WEST. -business, test medium: re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clalrvoyand and water
reader; German spoken. 921% Mission, op. Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st., original gypsy
life reader: last week; readings 25c,
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 21-H Sixth fit.
MMR. RAVENNA r»ad> life fluently: business
advice, names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MMF. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band'n picture. SSc: ladle«. 914 O'Fwrr ell st.
CAPE NOME.
I WILL sell half interest in one or two placer
mining claims: reasonable; worth investiga-
tion. Address box 3455. Call office.
CAPE NOME rocker: cheapest, lightest and
best; latest Improvements. 191 H. Mission st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
lep» successful. Room 310. 927 Market «t.
" COTTAGES TO LET.
$9 AND $10— Cottages, 4 rooms; good order;
water free. Apply .premises, 945 Bryant, or
| UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.
i $10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
i free. 11l Collins St.. near Geary.
| DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGOINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
¦ ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from EOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 SO up; open evenings and Sundays. .
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth et^
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 E0 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his. won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
fillver JOe; painless extraction, 50c: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 963 Mission. cor.Cth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per pet: extracting .'oc: gas given*.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy gt.
MEYER. DeutschT Zahnarzt, 6 Turk: painless
ext., crowns, bridge work: open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st.: crown-
bridee work: ext. ralnlesa; full get teeth $7
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full b?\ of teeth. $4; crowna. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 eraduate. opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
lfi pngp;. In wranner. for mailing. ?1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.: a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals trewtod: rtors ho.iTvWI. Tpl. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 287 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
SHORTiTA^CD— Individual Instruction each
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer, 1720 Market st. ; highest speed
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the Inventor of phonography); rates $5
per month; by mall $4; another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Pest St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpyiiiK. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market St.. San Francisco. -¦
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL ¦ students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1864. •
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. O. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission ;vlolln. guitar.
FRKNCH.Spanlsh',ete..Prof.De Flilppe's Academy
of l«nßiiagf<t,32O Post:o»t«l>'ri 1871 ; ablest profs.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. . writing,
etc.: day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Bth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
«" rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st.; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help fum.; tel. John 2121. 806,4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office-
Best help. 417 Powell st.; telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 428 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT, experienced girl wants steady place; no
heavy washing; city or country. 213H Mason
street.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
merts by ladles in confinement. MRS. WOL-
TER, IS2 Sixth st. •
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wants situa-
tion as sick nurse or light housework; refer-
enotis; no postal cards. 545 Fillmore st.
GOOD cook would like to go to Cape Nome
with party. Address box 4501, Call office.
WOMAN would like to take charge of 2 chil-
dren; terms moderate. 320 Thirteenth st.
LADY wishes position as working housekeeper.
Address box 8453. Call office.
SPANISH-AMERICAN woman wishes position
as housekeeper with family or party going to
Cape Nome; speaks Spanish and English. Ad-
dress 297 Shipley at. ¦
GERMAN woman wishes situation general
housework or housekeeping: good plain cook;
$12 to $15; no objection to country. 11 Taylor.
AN old ¦ lady, Protestant and trustworthy,
wishes a light position In a nice small fam-
lly. MRS. C, 431 Preclta aye. .
LADY wishes to do laundry work at home. 2245
Mission st. .
MIDDLE-AGED North German woman with
Cirl of 6 wishes situation as housekeeper or
cook in country: .state wages and particulars.
MRS. T.. 951 Mission st.. basement.
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires position as nurse
or companion to lady en route for Paris;
knows French; no wages; city reference. Call
2623 California St. '
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to .take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europ*.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
MAN and wife would like to take care of house
during owner's absence. Address box 4690. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1086 Va-
lencia -t
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man, single, wants work; is a
Jobbing carpenter, painter, glazier and paper-
hanger; will furnish his own tools; country
place or ranch preferred: moderate price.
Address box 4644, Call office.
HANDY man with tools, gardener, etc., desires
a situation about gentleman's place. Address
box 4652, Call office.
YOUNG man desires situation as night watch-
man; good references. Box 4649. Call office.
PAINTER and paper-hanger wants work. Ad-
dress box 4621, Call office.
A THOROUGHLY practical man In grain
farming, orchard, vineyard, dairy and stock
Is open for engagement as superintendent or
foreman; have had twelve yeara' experience
in California and can give satisfactory refer-
ences. Address box 4651, Call otfice.
DANISH man, 50 years old, wants situation;
has been working 12 years in private famiiy
as coachman, gardener and man about place;
small wages; best of reference. Address or
call 331 Kearny St.. room 43.
ENGINEER wants position; city or country;
operate any make of engine; large or small
plant; competent and reliable; flrst-class city
references. Box 2756. Call office. Oakland.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place; under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows; run gasoline engine; handy with tools;
best refs. EMIL GARDENER, box 4661. Call.
CARPENTER, 10 days In city, would like
ateady Job; small pay. Address J. P.. 2010
Leaven worth st^
A STRONG, reliable young man wants work of
any kind in Cape Nome; Al references. Box
4672, Call office.
JAPANESE boy would like a situation as cook
in a family. Address fCHI. 248 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla «t.
EXCHANGE.
LOVELY home in Fruitvale for sale or ex-
change for city property. Apply 869 Hayes st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
10714 Market st. : examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phon*. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LEIC
CHOICE, sunny flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath: nice
location: Hanover place, off Sacramento St.,
above Powell: small families.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant flat; 5
rooms; bath. 10 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWEI-L. 10 Montgomery.
TO let— Flat 5 rooms, yard and cellar. 519
Grove st. ; rent $15.
3-ROOM flat: yard, range, water free: 21 Holly
st. 50 feet from Mission car; opposite Thirty-
third Et. ; rent $6; no children.
3 MODERN fiats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard; base-
men t^rentmodera_e Ij£3____^^1 j£3____^^
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath. $18. 2524 California st.
$7— SMALL rear upper flat. 708 Laskle St., oft
Mission, near Ninth.
$16 60— FINE flat; 6 rooms and bath; fine yard.
421 Tenth st.
2 FLATS of 3 large rooms each. In rear of
30 Silver at.
FjTaTC TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 3 rooms, bath. 2 closets,
gas for lighting and cooking. 1020 Geary st.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale at a bargain;
In use only a few months. Call at 1794 Ellis.
~~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for sale cheap; 8 rooms and
bath; sunny flat; downtown; 8 steady room-
ers; must sell; payments. Inquire 299 Hyde.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 tange. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAB. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. 112H Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Uate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy»
furniture, carpeta.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot canh for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
WANTED— Low roll-top desk In good condl-
tlon. Address, box 3467. Call office. 'V
PRIVATE party will pay cash for some high
grade furniture and carpets. 14 Fifth st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"CT R~HXNiE7r_T^oTl > HONiB^RANT^BS"
"HOTEL DEPARTMENT."
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, for
country hotel, $30, also 1 more waitress, same
place, $20; 3 waitresses, flrst-class commer-
cial hotel, $20, free fare; 2 waitresses, resorts.
$20; 2 waitresses, city. $20; restaurant wait-
ress, San Jose. $25; arm waitress, mining
town, $20. fare here; 2 chambermaids, $18 and
$20: 2 mfrses, institution, $20 each; 2 fancy
ironers, $35 and board.
FAMILY ORDERS.
2 housegirls on ranches near . together, short
distance in country, $20 each, choice places;
mother and daughter, city, $30; cook and sec-
ond girl, across the bay. $45; second girl,
across the bay, $20, see party here at 10
o'clock: house_irl, Stockton, $30, -small fam-
ily; 3 German second girls, city, $20 and $25;
6 German cooks, small families, city, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID: $6 week; call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
A MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper. $15; city. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
PLAIN. Ironer, $25 per month, sleep home;
Ironer. country, ?30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
A NEAT second girl, $25; 2 second girls, $25 and
$20; 3 waitresses, $25 each ; governess. $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A LADY of good address and refinement for of-
fice nosltlon: salary. BUSINESS WOMAN'S
; CLUB. 527 Market st.. room 202.
A YOUNG lady with home Influence, good
references/for office position: salary. BUSI-
NESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927, Market st.
YOUNG nurse girl; 13 to 16; good home.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
12 GIRLS for general "housework; $15 to $25.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB.' 927 Market st.
TAILORESS who understands bushellng thor-
oughly. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Mar-
ket st. .- .:- y - ¦¦-•¦•¦¦ - - ; ' ...... '¦[¦'¦¦"'
WANTED— GirI for general housework and to
assist In cooking. 1G22V6 Ellis st.
BELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, $35, see lady In office to-day:
12 hotel waitresses, country and city, $20;
chambermaid and waitresses, $20, city, sum-
mer *sorts: second girl, $25, see lady to-day;
5 nurse girls, $20; parlor maid and waitresses,
$25; 4 second • girls, $20, $25; 6 fancy lroners,
$2G, $30, city and country laundry; mother
and daughter, $30, country; restaurant wait-
resses, $6. $7 week, $25. J. F. CROSETT CO..
316 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED first-class waitress and par-
lor maid; good city references. Call 2100
Washington St., cor. Octavla. bet. 10 and 12.
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladles' Jackets;
good pay. MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery.
TAILORESS as coat finisher; fine buttonhole
maker. 118 Montgomery aye. -; '¦:•¦ ':¦¦£
GIRL or woman to assist In light duties;
wages nominal; references. 312 Sanchez st.
WANTED— Stenographer; small salary. Apply
815 Call building.
GIRL wanted for housework and take care of
-baby, at 1632 McAllister at.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. Apply
2904 California st.
GOOD pants finishers; steady work and good
pay. 106 Battery st.
GIRL for general housework; good wages; ref-
erences. Apply 10 a. m. to 2 p. m, 1306 Post.
WANTED— A girl to wait at tahle. 1530 Ken-
tucky st.
WANTED— Good waitress at T Taylor at.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted to work In candy
store. 44 Fourth at.
BEWING girls wanted to sew shirts; steady
work all year; good wages. Apply THE L.
ELKUB CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLB.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32% Fremont.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st. ; elevator.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hairdressing taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. .
WANTED— FIrst-class waist finisher; also ap-
prentlce; paid. 406 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
At>ply at 11 Erie st., near Mission.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
plain cooking. 1242 Mission St.
WANTED— A young woman to do housework.
2273 Filbert St., near Flllmore.
WANTED for general housework, young Ger-
man girl In small family. Call at 230 Third.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 110 William St..
off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones.
WANTED — Girls on fancy sll- walsta.
FRANCES. 796 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators
on pante. 541 Market at.
GOOD finisher on coats wanted; steady work.
819 Ellis st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework.
250 Duncan St.. between 27th and 28th.
GERMAN girl for store and housework. Ad-
dress 1427 Webster St., Alameda.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning: BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. .
• A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla stu
BELP WASTED MALE^
'..'..-.....". V. WANTED __ V I • »~_r_ J_~ ... ......
Blacksmith on dredger. $40 per month and
board, steady Job; 3 farm hands for large
stock farm near city, $26 and board
6 milkers for different places near city, $30
and board
Buggy washer for city stable — $30 and found
Choreman on ranch $23 and board
Working foreman on ranch near city, $30 to
$35 and board: 20 farm hands for different
ranches near city. $26 and $30 per month and
board; man to run self-binder on ranch near
city. $30 and board; man to milk a few cows
and help on ranch, $25: 3 Italian. Swiss or
Portuguese milkers, $25 and $30. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
FARE PAID
Wanted — 20 laborers for large sawmill com-
pany, $26 and board and up; long Job; fare
paid. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Attendant for boys in an institution
short distance in country; $25 per month,
board room and laundry; references required.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5... .104 GEARY ST.
100 t/amsters and rock laborers for the Coast
R. R.. $2 a day, free fare
20 laborers for sawmills and woods, $26 and
board and fare advanced, see boss here: 10 la-
borers, city, $175 a day; 10 miners and ma-
chine men, 12 50 and $3 a day; 6 blacksmiths,
country, $45, $40 and $35; upholsterer and lay
carpets, summer resort. $25 and found; 10
farmers, different ranches, $20 and $25; Ger-
man driver for milk wagon, $30 to $33; farmer
and wife, $50
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
head cook, family hotel, city, $65; 3 fry cooks,
city, $50, $60 and $65; oyster man, city, $45;
German cook and dishwasher, country hotel,
$40 and $20; 2 second cooks, country hotels, $50
and $60; young man as apprentice to cook's
trade, country hotel, $25; second porter, coun-
try hotel, $25: 2 house porters, country hotel.
$20; 2 cleaners and scrubbers, country hotel,
$20; baker, country, $50; 6 bakers' helpers,
city and country. $25, $30 and $35; pantry man,
country hotel, $25; coffeeman, $25; 20 kitchen
hands and dishwashers, country and city ho-
tels and restaurants, $20, $25 and $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PLUMBER for summer resort, $35 and found
C. R. HANSEN i CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 CARRIAGE painters, $3 day and on shares:
band sawyer, $85 and board; wheelwright,
$2 25 day; sticker man, $3 day; edger man for
country mill: machinist for country. f3 day;
2 bench hands, $2 50 to $3 day; 2 blacksmiths,
$40 and $45. and found; boy for planing mill;
miners, muckers, carmen, laborers to learn
mining; laborers for mill and woods. $30 and
fare advanced; woodchoppers and others J
F. CROSETT Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
2 MEN and wives for private families, $50 and
$15; farmer and wife, Sonoma Co., $40; 10
farmers, $20, $25 and $35: stableman, $30 and
found: milkers, $25: gardener, $30 and found;
choremen. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Cook for coffee house, $12 week;
broiler, $55; fry cook, $50; oysterman, $40;con-
fectloners" . helper, $30: second cook, $30; Ger-
man young man, act as barkeeper and general
office work about place, country, $25; waiter,
country hotel, $30; second cook, country, $20'
2 hotel waiters, $20; restaurant porters. $25;
silverman, $20; pantryman, $20; potwasher,
$20; kitchen man, $20; dishwasher, $30 month,
$5 week; elevator boy, $12 and found; other
hotel and restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
A— MAN and wife, $50 per month; good place;
man and wife, $40. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter,
"WANTED— Second man in fancy goods; must
understand laces, embroideries, gloves, hand-
kerchiefs, veilings and neckwear thoroughly;
state age, experience, reference, salary. Ap-
ply box 4643. Call office. .
4 MEN for office positions. BUSINESS WO-
MAN'S CLUB. 927 MARKET ST.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel Jesale 152.
BOY in wholesale store to learn the business.
Address, stating age and .parents' name, box
4643. Call office.
BARBER wanted for steady work. WILLIAM
FRITZ, 1128 J St., Sacramento. Cal.
BARBER for Friday afternoon and Saturday.
623 Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third st.
2 GOOD barbers for Saturday. 797 Mission st.
WANTED— A barber at 556 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 538
Valencia st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday; $4
guaranteed. 105 Fourth st.
WANTED — 4 flrst-class ¦ barbers at the Ocean
Baths, 17 Taylor St.; waces.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st. ?
WANTED— Cook, plain; steady, sober young
. man: wash dishes; $3 a week. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— Bushelman who understands presH-
Ing. S. MICHAEL, 117 Leidegdorff st.
WANTED— A boy" to work In a confectionery.
110 Third st. ¦'.:..-
WANTED— A tinsmith or young man who has
had experience In tin shop. 683 Mission st.
WANTED— A waiter. Star Hotel. 1530 Ken-
tucky st.
BELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. ..PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
MECHAJNTICAL HELP ••
Millwright for sawmill company. s7S and found
Carpenter for sawmill company.. s6s and found
Carriage trimmer, $30 Band sawyer. $120
7 blacksmiths, also some helpers. $2 60 day.
$35. $45, $50 and found 3 wagon makers.
$2 50, and ?40 and found
Machinist lathe hand, city Job $3 day
Carriage woodworker, $K>; gang edgerman.
FARMS AND DAIRIES STABLES, ETC.
85 haymakers, dltferent jobs..sl 25 day and fd
€3 farm, orchard and vineyard hands fcr all
parts of Callfornlas3s, $30. ?26, $20 and found;
COME SEE \
43 milkers and butter-makers. $35, $30, $25 and
found
6 stablemen and 3 gardeners, $30. $40. $25 and
found
29 choremen.and boys.. s2s. $20, $15, $10 and fd
36 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb, pick
peas, hoe, etc., steady Job, fare 30c
$17 50 and found
15 men or boys to dig small trenches so water
can run down between vines, trees, etc.. thin
fruits, pick fruits and mak<* yourself generally
useful (no experience required), you'll suit,
flrst-class place
$20 per month and found and Increase
Gardeners coachmen; 3 separators for dairies
COME... LABORERS &. TEAMSTERS. ..SEE
386 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, somo In San Francisco. $2 and $1 75
day. $30, $26 per-month and found
S3 scraper teamsters f27 50 and found
..TO GOLD, SILVER AND OTHER MINES..
88 miners, different Jobs. .s7s and $50 and found
2 machine drillers $'J0
6 muckers for a gold mine $60
S3 laborers (no experience required)
$45 and found
16 laborers, you'll suit this mine
$30 and $35 and found
643 Tlemakers and woodchoppers J43
$3, $2 60. $2, $1 75, $1 50. $1. 70c cord. 10c. 12c.
13c each; tools and provisions found, some
fares paid and at mines
Portuguese milker $35 and found
M. AND R. SPECIAL LIST
Dry goods clerk, $40. country, see boss hers
3 milk wagon drivers $25, $20 and found
4-horse teamsters, haul milk, city... s3o and fd
2 men or strong boys for a slaughter-house..
..i $20 and found
865 Jobs not advertised COME SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— HOTEL. BAKERY LAUNDRY
36 cooks COME SEE
$50, $45, $40. $35, $30 and found
4 first, 5 second. 3 third bakers, also boys and
helpers.. s4s. $40. $35. $30, $25. $20. $15 and found
6 laundrymen, lroners, ehlrt back»r. polisher.
etc $25. $30 and $35 and found
Choreboys for bakery; boy to drive florist
wagon; experienced bakery wagon driver,
city, $35 and found; barber, country nhop;
porters, notels and restaurants; waiters,
country hotels, and restaurants city and
country, $25 and $30 and found, and $S to $10
week; 8 ranch cooks, $15 to $30 and found;
dishwashers, kitchen help. etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL SPECIAL
45 men. no experience required.
FARE PAID.
Wages $26, $30, $35 and $40 and found: you'll
suit; no Sunday work: steady Job. COME SEE
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A NO experience required on this Job and^
We pay your fare.
25 laborers for the mills, woods and yards of
large company. $!6 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — A good cake baker: $43, board and
lodging. 28C3 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A baker; third hand. Apply 1529
Polkjst;
WANTED — Two carriage painters. Apply B.
GRAVE, 421 Pacific st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 608 Seventh «.;
call at 10:30 a. m.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and wait at table.
258 First st.
A SOBER man in kitchen: $20 per month and
found. 195 Tenth st.
WANTED— A piano salesman for country. Ad-
dress box 4642. Call office.
STEADY waiter. 432 Fifth st.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. 537 Brannan
street.
WANTED— A first-class grinder. Apply at 200
San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— Cakebaker's helper. 38 Fourth st.
BOY wanted to run errands and work In bak-
ery. 1410 Polk st., near Pine.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
TAILORS and coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO*. Market
and Second sts.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. Corner of
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.
TO bakers — I want a good all-round second
hand; English speaking (not German); good
pay. no night or Sunday work. A. SMITH.
New England Bakery. Haywards.
ACTIVE man to deliver and collect for manu-
facturing house with over $250.0iJ0 capital; $300
a year and expenses guaranteed: experience
not necessary. Address Manufacturer. P. O.
box 1027. Philadelphia. Pa.
TAILOR wanted: also pressman on custom
coats. 304 Tehama st.
BUSHELMAN at once. BELASCO _ HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply to F. T.
HART. Vlealla. Cal.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
GOOD reliable young man to buy a half Inter-
est in barber shop; good business. 104 7th st.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 509 Kearny st.. room 2.
BOYS, 14 years upward. Apply Glass Works,
Seventh and Townsend stq.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
aces of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United Statea or per-
sons who h_ve legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
630 X »t.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, .half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d stt.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires Ax to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
1 Institution in the world teaching this trade;
• map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for hla tuition
in barber school. 741 Howard st.
BOY 14 to It; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c nlcht: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL Hou«e. corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms ISc to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
THREE waiters, steady work; 15 millmen; 20
lumber pliers; 8 ranch hands. 626 I St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adyer-
. tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. __________________________
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In tb«
United States or Canada on* ye_r for $1.
rx>»tn-«" paM.
HORSES. LIVK STOCK. Etc For Sale
FOR sale— A perfect road or carriage team of
geldings, dark bays; over 16% hands high;
well matched, well bred and very stylish; no
finer, handsomer or safer team can be found
In California. Can be seen at the cor. 20th
aye. and Point Lobos road (Cas»idy's). or ad-
dress W. FORD THOMAS. 327 Market St..
San Francisco.
HORSES HORSES HORSES.
Will sell In carload lots; F. O. 8.. S. F. ;
good serviceable younß horses; weight 900 to
1400 lbs. ; owing to dry season will sell In
carlots for $10 each. Address box 231, Ven-
tura, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, burgles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME black carriage team, stands >16-2.
perfectly gentle; also 50 head of horses weigh-
ing from 1200 to ISOO pounds, at Union Stable.
562 Howard st.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market ?t.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.-
CARRIAGE, fancy working and driving horses.
11C0 to 1500 pounds, at 35 Dore St., near Ninth
and FAlsom.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent. 605 Golden Gate ay.
WANTED— Good cheap horse. »48 Powell at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call, 18 pages/ sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl,
postaga paid. - .
BOUSES TO LET.
a— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for elr-
enlar O. H UMBSfiN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO rent-For the summer: complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, tine garden pure
spring water, beautiful scenery: with i or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles 3
miles from St. Helena: % mile from » ta s' o "-
For particulars address HENRY K_^°C.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Ca!.: also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
BOUSES TO LET — FURMSHED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between *ju-
chanan and Webster: II rooms and •«_**"
room; 7 bedrooms; sun In every room, every-
thing in perfect order; stable on rear street,
will rent for 6 months or a term or years.
J. H. OILMOHK. 323 Montgomery st.
~ LOST A.M> KOL"->O.
£^T^w^n^da7l«eraoon. a Pg_» "'i 9o^
brooch. Return to cashier of The Call ana
receive reward. - .
LOST-Martlfl dog. near In ? lesUle Liberal re-
ward if returned to MISS DINKELSPIEL,
1292 CFarrell st.
LOST-A pair of child's glasses. Return to 202t
Ellis, at.; reward.
LOS""- Fifteen (15) shares of the capital stock
of he Mutual Electric Li eht Company of San
Francisco. California, certificate No - "£•
standing In name of James f isher t r , ust^_
Ail persons are cautioned against ¦ n'BotUt in ?
... .% Transfer has been stopped. *-». *.
BOWMAxf. 327 Montgomery. San Francisco.
LOST-Last Monday, a lady's silver watch,
initials of J. H. R. Reward of *5 at 90. Mar-
ket st.
LOST-Black Scotch terrier: sheared like • .lion;
Fresno license: $2 50 reward. 2j \ alparalso st.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOOmVlNTthTw^ii-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness returße *.' t I ?3
Europe with advanced knowledge; Kuaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In on,
day IS years' auccessful practice in S. F. .
maternity home; low fees. 1007H, Market at.
DR G W. OTONXELL. the world-renowned
ladles' upeclalist; safe and reliable: has P^-
ttced In S. F. for years; treated thou.iands or
cases successfully; treatment can be usea ai
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H Market at.
DR NO TOY KEE. late of Car>ton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and anments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. to _ m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
dr! KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
M«son and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MR C DR WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement: Kuaranteed treatment at of-
fice $5- any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' special-
ist; rJaranteed treatment at office. $o: sa.*
and reliable: consultation free: hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market; ladies'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment, to.
DR J\M*:S PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment.
VI-VI— DR. WI3E &. CO.. the ladies' specialists.
HIS Market: every case guaranteed: So up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Privata horn*
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gait aye.
DR WONG HIM. h«rb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOB S ALE.^
EOILEKS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-IJ7 Fremont at.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters." linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
f.cc furniture and fixtures ; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. IUI7-101S-1021-1023 Mission
tt., above Sixth^ —
i ONE a»cond-hand metal turning lathe, planer,
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
eteam pump, Emery K*-ar; also pipe fittings;
1 automobile, nearly completed: 1 second-hand
227- R> Peter Wrisnt anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
$125— An arctic soda fountain; ten different
flavors; in fine condition: fountain and coun-
ter cost when new $510; also round-comer
marble counter. VOTAW _ WILLIAMS.
San Jose, Cal.
BEAUTIFUL pair diamond torquoise earrtnga.
$40; cost new. $75. PORTLAND LOAN OF-
FICE. 25 Stockton St.
BE VUTIFUL pearl front mandolin for $3; cost
originally J2O. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOOK at this— For sale: beautiful solid gold
watch: $45; cost SIC). 14 Fifth st. _•
SCHOONER of a.bout fifteen tons cheajj; la
good order. W. HI ATT. 1150 Mission st.
ONE water- jacketed air pums; cheap; nearly
new. WHITE. aIS Mission st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. Z\6 Spear st.
GASOLINE engines; all sizes: second-hand;
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL BROS.. 1W
Fim st.
2 DIAMOND rings: cost $300; sacrificed if sold
at once or trade for tickets Cape Nome. Box
2732. Call office. Oakland.
COMPLETE prospectors' mining outfit for
Ala3ka; $100: see this or write for list of
articles. A. BRANDES, 707 Brush. Oakland.
A— s3 £0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
I CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
i National and Hallwood. 1303 Mission, nr. 9th.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition: complete; cheap. I3H Mission, nr. 13th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 73. Misfit
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausa_e ma-
chlnery. Mclntosh & Wolpman. Ijs Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathes; id-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beals.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar-proof safe. 216 California at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND flreptoof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar-proof safe; cheap. 43 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 100-111 Market St.. San Frao.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$1CO; concert records. $2 M). BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
MISCELLA.NEOCS WA.\TS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHE.vn. 1710 Market st.
~ MU.\Ht TO LOA.%.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. ¦ interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLgEN. room IS. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. M and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bousht: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. ' Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount 1
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds*
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 BttSi
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private psirty on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell, stl
AT 123 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds- lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 905.
ON furniture and pianos without removal- quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Room*
68 and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at Uj p«r cent- also
-ThiS HBARbE^
TO salaried people; without security- all biwl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co^t Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furn!tu7e~ftnd pianos- i<V
no removal: no commission. 6 Eddy st.. r 81.'
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other collateral. "p^^lcßAE^^a^Mu"^- ?r
M h X t^ Y i£? n !? s ?' arI _ d People withoiTtsecuritv.
_ lIILJj - ""¦ **¦ Merchanta^Eichife.. 431 Calif.
lng-Men can secure loans on personal note.
C fn S d l rri»r ne \fKW ! 2L a T rl T ed Pe ° Ple On not * Without
lndorser. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO I30.C0O: lowest rates; Ist and Zd.mortsrs."
any proposition. DRYDEX. <v Momm
O 2 I T,^,™'! Ure ' E- nos - without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
n mJ~ U m]?n»S crtJ ' £ ™*-aXeda K ed "«* you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Marfcet st.
m ?Z- wtthout collateral or lndorser;
-Ism Dv^ l V°?" : P rtvate ™ms. San FraiU
Cisco Dtacount Ag«ncy. 14- Phelan bull 4 in*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, >APRIL. 20, 1900.
10COKPA3NI3 IEKZRALf TRaSTA' r _£NTIQu'S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1533. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton St.. LA TOURAINE. April 2€; LA
BRETAGNE, May 3; LA CHAMPAGNE. May
10; LA GASCOGNE, May 17. First-class to
Havre, $60 and upward; 3 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $45; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AOENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
Look out for a surprise on
the front pag« of next Sun-
day's Call.
VVBICAM* IXSTRU3^XTS^
AS we represent the best make~o7~pianos~l_
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
menu are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upripht pianos. J6 cash. $0 per
£Vt?2-oi. 0 . t ]?. er P' ancB W. ?? and *» Per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kcarr.y and Sutter f-ts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland. .
I LIST OF MONEY SAVERS.
t-amples from factory which are out of our
r»pular line: euch makes as Weber Hardman.
• onover. liehr, Everett and Klnssbury; prices
rroja |_4 to $200 less than regular price. Also
* Flifchtiy used pianos irom $137 up; easy pay-
:ner.ts. £<>«. us this week If you want a snap.
"_L XJ - Ct -' K TA_ _ SON. 16 OFarrell St.
LARGE number of pianos yet remain of the
Hamilton-Bancroft stock; Stelnway concert
Krar.ds. Checkering. Hallett & Davis. Elling-
ton, etc.: squares. !„ up; uprights. $50 up;
ta_jos. fcOc up; guitars, tl up; mandolins. $2
up. Byron Mauzy Piar.o Warerooms. 30S-312
Poet st., sole agent Suhmer and Byron Mauzy
planosL
BSO_tTTE_T the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
T6, 28 ar.d SO O'Farrell «=t. ; pianoe, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
•nd prices: tenaa easy; prices lowest; every-
thing jv ssible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
:NABE pianos: new ecale: new styles. KOH-
I.ER & CHASE. SO OTarrell et.
.'E know that we give the best poods for the
lean money; rail on us and see our Decker,
I'acKard or Boothe pianos. MAUVAIS. 7C3
Market St.
"X have Just what you want In the way of a
piano; prices nr.d terms to »ul_ MAUVAIS.
.63 Market ft.
BUY cne of our beautiful Olympia self-playing
f music bases on Installments If you <?an't
fpare the cash. MAUVAIS. 7C9 Market «t.
A FORCED eale of fine upright piano at $100
less than coot. Room 10. Flood building.
DECKER EROS.' siano (square) for sale
cheap. CO9 Locust ay«.
STETNWAY. $100; Installments $3 75 up: rents
12 up; open evenings. HEINE. 186 Ellis st.
THE rsaee to buy a good second-hand piano;
545 up. S. F. Music Co.. 225 Sutter st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMIT_. 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
FINK Fischer and Ptelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFTTS, 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
FINE larpe upripht piano sold for storage ; $100
cash. WILSONS STORAGE. 1710 Market St.
A BARGAlN— Stelnway, US; store open Sat.
evening. Heine Pla.no Mfg. Co., 136 Ellis st.
DON'T bur; r»r.t a new piano, S3 per month.
6COTT-CURTA— PIANO CO.. 6CO Hayes et.
¦vT. G. HADGER. 41 J Sacramento Ft., agent for
Francis Baccn and Hallett _ Davis pianos.
GOOP uprirht piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG"6. tit McAllister st.
EUPERIOR violins. i!thers. old and new. H.
MtTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPKST and best !n America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rs.re». cent to any address !n the
CniteS ftates. postra'd. for II per year.
OFFICES A>D STORES TO LET.
VALHNdA. fSI near Twenty-first— Large ele-
gant st!>re: res.r rooms: large basement.
FOR rent— riegant offices in Y. M. C A.
bulliing, Mascn and Ellis fts.
TAL3IISTRY.
IIME. Neergaarfl, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads l to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
GO to Watson; '"only" natural palmist and oc-
cult medium ; readings 25c. ISCI Market st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE lean krxiaks free; photo supplies; Backus
¦tnfiio 11 Geary et.. ground floor.
I'liVhlClA.VS A.\D SLKGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
ICTIH Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PERSONALS.
wTLTTTTr^rTMUN^PO^rTpTinterT^nThis
addr*_s to GEO. D. KIPKE. Woodland, Cal.
LOST— Wednesday. April IS, chain bracelet, set
with diamonds and colored Etones. Finder
will picase return to BALDWIN _ HOW_LL,
10 Montcomery e_; liberal reward.
'•'.''.". ADA cures rheumatism, varicose veins.
Derro— i p'^suatlon, insomnia: If sick se« this
wonderfully rifted healer. 1343 Howard St.
SIIFP SHE— DOX chiropodist and business ad-
rlce.' (SO Market St., second floor, room 37.
LKDKPwER'S Quintor.lcn hair tonic really beau-
tifies the hair. Ssc bottle: Lederer's Foamo
Fhair.poo 5c package; it's great. 123 Stockton.
MRS. DR. L. BURGER, late matron of Ger-
man Hospital, N. V.. socialist for bladder.
kidney, skin diseases and cancer; office 106
Fourth fit. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. San
Mateo Orphan Asylum, Bays: I had cancer on
my left leg. I uas treated by Mrs. Burger,
1W Fourth et.. and certify that I was cured
In a short time. Wm. Osterhold, San Mateo.
ANEW j,!ace to have your hair dressed stylish-
ly: pr-e^lal this week, 20c; shampooing, 20c;
switches made from jour own hair, 75c; open
everJnjrs; Sunday*, from 8 a. m. to _. &97
Market ft., corner Sixth; parlors 112-113.
LEDERER restores gray hair to Its natural
color for $1 10 to $5: uses SchefSer's Colorine,
7.'c box: the very latest hair styles only 25c.
_3 Ptncktm rt.
SUITS on easy installments from Imported or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
K2 Kearny St.. between Sacramento and Call-
fcrcia.
ELECTRIC lijrhts In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per right; tl 50 to $S per week;
frc-e 'bus and bagpajre to find from th" ferrjv
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or fio-
ir.e«ic remnants. L. LEMOP. 1117 Market St.. ,
between Seventh and Eighth.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by using Talcott's Curling Fluid; 25 - 1
cents bottle.
UIIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 2^7 Jessie st.
CAPT-OFF clothlr.K, old gold and silver bought;
Fond if«tal. COLEMANS. s<i6 Kearny st. •
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
*uits made to order; fit jruar. 2 Eighth St.
G. r>. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific aye.,
between Pierre and Scott; phone Steiner 3381.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
BOBMV A.M.. Ph.D., 1315 Linden et., Oakland.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off «>lnth-
lr.i? call en B. Cohen. V," Third: tel. Black 4123. !
LADIES' and gents' caf>t -off clothlne boucht and !
p'lld. Ellvt-rman. SM Fo'.som; tel. Folsom 1131. |
ALASKA fur r*rm«»r.ts. hr.ods, mitts, leather
ooetij. H. M. HEINEMAN. Vi Sara >ny» St.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FUR SALJS.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
J2250— 5250 cash, balance monthly, same as
rent; owner is compelled to fell; pretty bay-
window cottage, on Eureka St.. near 18th; con- j
talna 5 large rooms, porcelain bath, open '
plumbing; splendid finished basement; close to
Castro and Iftb-ct: car lines.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
PATS OVrii 14 PER CENT. ~~
SC2S0 — Four new flats, 1 block north of Mar-
ket «t.; contain 5 and 6 rooms, porcelain baths,
'.I:-.-.-', sanitary plumbing; biggest kind of a
bargain. LYON * HOAG, 114 Montgomery St.
BAKER-ST. RESIDENCE. '.
$3500— Baker-st. boulevard, near Fulton; J-
•tory house: £ extra large rooms, bath, «tc. ;
lot 25X121:10%.
J47sA— Park panhar.d'.e district; new house of
7 rooms, bath, etc.; >>un f>hlnes In every room;
will be cold on terms almost as easy as rent;
f.r.e larp» lot; on car line; pleasantly situated;
good n^-ißliborhood; a very desirable home in
•"••try res;.*><n; price is very low.
LYON t HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
________ -
$10.r,00— Baker St., noar Fulton; larjre lot, 70x
'•¦ -. with Improvements; rented for $75;
land alone worth the price.
LYON A HOAG. 114 Montgomery «t.
PATS OVER 7 PER CENT NET.
$14.t00 — Choice corner, within t blocks of
Market et. ftnd Van Ness aye.: 2-story build-
ing on corner; store and flats; the store has
boen occupied by name tenant fir years; new
building; 2 new up-to-date r.ats adjoining;
everything rented: large lot.
LYON _ HOAO. 114 Montgomery st.
BROADWAY, nr.rth side, Pacific Heights: ma-
rine; buti; perfect location; 60 feet for less
than tSOOn. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
BARGAIN— Easy payments; 12550;. house of 7
rooms and bath; 521 A!\_rado St.. near Cas-
tro. Apply on premise* 1 to 4 p. m.
BARGAIN— For pale, fine sur.ny residence, 11
rooms, fcath, Jitlic and basement: modern;
r>*rfect order; grand view: large lot S0xll4;
electric care: might exchange In part for
fcmalier hc-utc or good lot. Address D. J.
MURPHY. «h California St.. rooms 30 and 3L
$SOOO— OFFER wanted; HW. corner Pott and
_jOB irts.; store with i rooms and cottage;
lot 3<"'x72:6 feet. Apply A. M. SPECK _ CO.,
€67 Market Ft.
SACRIFICE — New *-room, 8-« tory house;' lot
56:9x100; with chicken house, etc.; suitable
for fiats; must he rold; make an offer; $2000
or Icfb. SHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento «L
HAVE jou real estate In the Mission or Hor-
net's Addition that you wish to dlspos* of
then csll en W. J. GUNN. t33 California «t.
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for Jl per year.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sal*
THE Esparto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
if the time cf the year to arrange for tree and
v;ne planting; farms range In size from 10 to
40 acres and now sold to induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
feekcrs will never regret securing one of these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (In-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; 2
railroad trains dally from San Francisco;
water for irrigation when desired; superior to
Southern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently co pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the superior toils and all other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far below
thof-e asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; there Is no more
Independent life than the small diversified
farmrr'6; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as J]oo per acre; you can leave
t?an Francisco on S a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esparto, and back to San Francisco
early the same evening; you will find an agent
st Hotel Barnes, Esparto, to 6how you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGD
list.
N. D. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
10 Geary st.
TO rent— Jlso per year: 13 acres; *m Ftory 7-
room house: barn: ohieken house: situated ln-
fld» city limits. GEO C. YOI'XG. Petaluma.
. RANCH TO RENT-
FOR rent— l 2 acres of finely cultivated orchard
and house of 9 rooms; all modern Improve-
ment?; would he suitable for summer board-
Ing j)!ace; rent reasonable. Address DR.
COVRAP. 2116 Geary st.
UOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BI'SH. 713— Two large sunny basement rooms;
complete for housekeeping; range-, sink.
J CALIFORNIA. 2523—2 or S eunny furnished
rooms; l!pht housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
! er»nee<> exchanged; private family.
| EDDY. 257— One large front room complete for
housekeeping; also others; gas, bath; quiet;
cheap.
FIFTH, 34«— Two nice, housekeeping rooms;
rent cheap.
HOWARD, 761H — Nicely furnished sunny bay-
; wlndcw; other rooms; man and wife; mod-
| crate.
] JK?PIK, 475. near Sixth — Furnished rooms for
! housekeeping: also others; front room for
llrht housekeeping.
! JESSIE, 624. off Seventh— Two rooms; light
I housekeeping; cheap per month.
! KKARNY. 223, near Sutter— A front suite, $12;
| fc-as, Janitor service free. Apply 13 Grant aye.
LARKIN. 326, cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegantly
furnished housekeeping apartments; exclusive
use cf kitchen. : ....
\ LEAVENWORTH, 1015— J connecting rear base-
; ment unfurnished rocms; bath; rent $10.
j LEAVENWORTH. 1521— 2 or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
MARKET. 102S— Large room and kitchen, fold-
ing bed, $10; 4 small rooms unfurnished, $10.
i MIPPION, 213? — Two Eunny rooms for house-
keeping purposes.
OAK. 119— Bunny parlors furnished for houae-
I keeping; range, running water; two beds; $14;
one room. J5.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lcr flocr, 2 to 5 rooms: housekpg. or otherwise.
POST. 943— Two newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
| A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
I len^la et.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infuru.
A FITRNISHED house of 4 rooms~for"~hous«l
keeping will be rented for $12 per month to a
reliable family: referenc« required. Inquire
at 1011 Mason st.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
li^ht housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," 324 Bush st, ad-
Joining the Ru*s Hotel; S4 rooms: all prices.
! BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
j r.ished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
i CALIFORNIA. 705 (St. Peter's House)— New
¦ house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
' CARROLTON. 12 f 6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
i aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.: rms. & offices.
CLEMENTINA, 327, flat C— 2 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms.
; GEARY. 400 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
• ed rooms; suites or single; travelers accom.
i GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely furn.
front room: water: private; gent.; reasonable.
; GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
i «nd Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
j single; ladles* parlor: reading room; elevator.
• HANCOCK HOUSE. 731 Mission st.— Select
i family rooming house: $1 E0 to $5 per week.
; HANOVER House, 827 A Howard— Changed
hands; newly renovated: housekpg. and stng.
HOWARD, 704— Finely furnished sunny front
\ rooms for light housekeeping.
j HOWARD. £29— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
• 25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
I HYDE, 230— Well furnished single front room. !
! LARKIN, 707, near Ellis— Newly furnished
| front room; $6; private family; no children.
! MARK— T, 760— Nicely furnished rooms; suite
I an<l bir.gle; day, week or month.
j MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
I window room, $l per week; transient.
| MISSION, S37A (Avoca House)— New; newly
i furnished: rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk., mo.
i ORLANDO House. 959 Howard, cor. Sixth—
i Hunny rooms; prices to euit: open night.
POST. 41S, near Powell— Sunny furnished
rooms, with bath, suite or single.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
cuftes or Finfi-les; running water; gas; reas.
POWELL, €17-Nicely furnished suite; use of j
kitchen; no children.
ROSEDALE House, 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50: week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor St.. near Markft— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevatorl new
furniture: hot and coid water; radiators; salt
sea baths;*sultes and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, n (over Pup Rctisserie) — Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to $30.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture: single, suites; trans't.
THE OAKS 119 Third— A rood rooming house.
for pood r^ople. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TWO unfurnished rooms with running water;
rent reasonable. Apply 61 Natoma et.
VERY sunny front room; Van Ness; partly fur-
nished; for lady wishing opportunity for
French and music. Box 1206. Call office.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cuhscrlptlons haa been established at 109S
Valencia et.
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
A— SKLECT boarding; attractive rooms: mod-
ern ho'ise; refined surroundings and neighbor-
hood; superior table; nicely served; conveni-
ent to cars: two gents or hu&band and wife;
references exchanged; terms moderate. A. 8..
box 2454, Call.
A-FIRST-CLAPS family hotel. Th» Bradbury:
nice funny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices moderate; 2 car lines pass aotel;
elevator: telephone Hyd» 2771. 1604 California
st. ; corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
THE Schmiedel Mansion. SE. cor. Post and
Lecvenworth — High-class boarding-house;
sunr.y rooms, with private bath; fine lawn;
table a specialty ; references.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and^ Clay— Sunny
"bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences: rates reasonable.
BUSH. 1105— Two large elegantly furnished
rooms: 2 persons $55; 1 $35; billiards.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated:
suite* and single rms.; sunny: excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy; changed
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 8
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply Twen-
ty-fourth and Florida sts.
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished nnd un'urnlshed: $20.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Thre« . unfurnished rooms east of
Van Ness aye.: state terms. -Box 4646, Call.
SIiWI.XG HACHI.VES AM) SUl'l'LlE*.
RENTED, repaired, bought, told; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest ratts. 205 Fourth st.
DIED.
Barton. John Otis, Mrs. N. W.
Crowley, Edward S. Pacheco, John I.
Dungan. Etta Patterson. William
Flpher, Mabel C. Pope. Emilie D.
Flynn, Timothy Rave, Mrs. Elizabeth
Henneberry, Sarah Riordan. Lizzie A.
Jacob, Theodore E. O. Schneider. Elise
Janson. Charles L. Schneider. Peter
Mahon, Catherine Shannon, Matilda S.
Malone. Michael Soto, Secundlno
Manuel. George W. Stipp. Henry S.
Mauter, Louis Vidovich, Stella
Nilson. Helmar Young. Mary McP.
BARTON— In this city. April 19, 1900, John
Barton, a native of Leicester, Mass., aged S6
years 7 months and 6 days.
CROWLEY— In this city, April 18, 1900, of ty-
phoid fever, Edward Stephen, beloved son of
Stephen J. and Louisa M. Crowley (nee
Carey), a native of San Francisco, aged 14
years 1 month and -16 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the home of his
parents, 116 Jersey street, between Church
and Sanchez.
DUNO&.N— In this city, April 19. 1900, Etta,
wife of William W. Dungan, a native of Buf-
falo, N. V., aged 42 years.
FISHER— In this city, April 19. 1900, Mabel
Cloudman Fisher, beloved daughter of J. W.
and the late Mabel A. Fisher, - a native of
Fsncher Creek, Fresno County, Cal., aged 3
months.
FLYNN— In this city, April IS, *J6OO. Timothy
Flynn, dearly beloved .husband of ¦ Mary
Flynn, and father of Mrs. C. \W. Smith, Mrs.
A. J. Barrett, Mrs. P. Madden, Mrs. J. Mo-
Laughlln, Mrs. J. T. Kelly and the late
James J. Flynn, a native of Ireland, aged 68
years.
|_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3927 Twenty- fifth street, between
Church and Sanchez, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vnry Cemetery.
HENNEBERRY— In Oakland^ April 19. 1900,
Sarah A., beloved wife of Thomas P. Henne-
berry, and mother of Mrs. Thomas J. Brady
and Nellie, Sadie, Francis and Kathryn Hen-
neberry-
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
JACOB— In this city, April 18. 1900. at his resi-
dence, 1569 Pacific avenue, between Polk and
Larkln streets, Theodore Emanuel George,
beloved son of Charles E. and Mary Jacob,
and brother of Charles H., Lydia D. and the
OCEAN TRAVEXw
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TOES. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, F_K2_
Stepping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul April 23 St. Paul May IS
St. Louis May 2 St. Louis May 23
New York May 9, New York May 20
RtO STA.< UN-
*«W Yor!r'cr)d "ntw»p^
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Kensington April 23! Southwark May IS
Noordland May 2j Westernland ....May 23
Frlesland May 9. Kensington May 30
. ft .f '. or*.-, -
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco. May 15. and
from Seattle. May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 30-. July 31. August 30.
First and second class passage. No s.teerage.
For full information regarding freight and
passage aroly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
*-* ncr First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
BS. NIPPON MAP.r
Ba*__T_wcA •M:S. n " d . ay :.. Apr !!..^ h -. 190 °
BS.-HONGkONG-M^O^. 7 '...^.. 19 !! 1 -.. 1300
Thursday. June 14th. 19C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freleht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
fi3_*R__BSk The 8. S. Australia
J«_ fi*2^i_. «"«11* for Honolulu
•&**"•* Wednesday. May 2.
3 -—»^ 15CO «t 2p. m.
rstS — [^ Tfe S. S. Alameda
SfMfrKlHDe.' sails via Honolulu and
COICIHDIIiy 5 - Anck iand for Sydney
Pinion Wednesday. May 18,
*t S p. m.
Favorite line- around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suea.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
. b •fiUM^lti _V«,. -- jtl.. 14 MOntOCfISM)
i»w7 e i"»rcc.flr -? *• ¦ •*" * •— st
BAY AND RIVER. STEAJIERS.
nFOßirriiAYFYi^^
Steaatsr "Mantieelle."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 1:15
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 _ m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala _0_
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at iether of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHURCH— In this city. April 14, 1900. to the
wife of the late Charles J. Church, a son.
REYNOLDS— In this city, April 17, 1900, to the
wife of Frank C. Reynolds, a daughter.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Mrs W A Forbes, Mass
A Forbes, Mass
W M Welsh. Stockton
W H Romaine. NY
J Magarry, Colo
Mrs J Magarry, Colo
• ' O Huit, Alameda
Mrs Hult, Alameda
J A Chase, San Jose
F A Hammersmith, Cal
F Colllscham, Cal
Mrs Colllscham, Cal
A Haniway, Lodl
I Rubel, Chicago
J Maekay, Chicago
G E Ingersol, N Z
W L Dierssen, t Sacto
Mrs Dlerssen, Sacto
J C Chase, Los Ang:
W J Martin, N V
Mrs Martin, N V
Mrs Buford. N V
P B Hymis, Chicago
D Bell, N V
A C Luck, Austin
7 F Jeffery, N V
W W Merryfleld. Cal
J W Payne, Arizona
M Long. Colorado Spg
Mrs Long. Colo Spgs !
Dr W A Hendryx. L A
W W D Turner, Wash
Mrs Turner, Spokane
T J Tompkins, St Paul
Mrs Tompkins, St Paul
Miss McClurg, St Paul]
(I W Armsby, S Mateo
Mrs Armsby, S Mateo
W R Chester, Mass
H H Logan, Mass
,w G Muster, Ind -
C H Warfleld. Merced
G H Morris. Winters
E B Wallbridsre. Cal
J W Bird. Stanford
E G ¦ Cox & w. Cal
C A Berdlng. Ferndale
J B Selander. Cal
J T Parkinson. P Alto
J Dud field, Palo Alto
L Hodzson, Cal
W W Glllen. Palermo
E Eames, Portland
R D Spencer, Chicago
L A Spltzer, San Jose
Mrs L Ellsworth, HI
Mrs P Sweeney, Nev
Mrs S G Weston, Elko
M L Mery, Chlco
L A Mclntosh, Chlco
F Cox & w, Sacto
E Bradway & w, lowa
Miss A S Rich, DenmK
It D Glllesnle, Pulaskl
!• F Warner, Auburn
S O Lum. Minn
D H McKwen, Cal
A L Burbank, Los Ang
F Loean & w, Fresno
L Daniels & w, Mich
S T G Smith. St Louis
L R Garrett. I^os Ana:
E A Lane <V w. 111
J Malone, San Jose
J D Banker, Redlands
A J Brubaker. Ashlnd
C M Church. Los Ang
J W Bear, Los Ang
C D Ohlendorf, L Ang
J Flnnell & w. Nev
J W Ellis, Fresno \
J Davis. Stockton
W H Dierks, Nebraska
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Logan. Mass
Mlfj A A Davis. Mass
F v Orant, Chicago
Mrs Grant, Chicago
JV M Harris. Chicago
V\ Roberts, C Amer
Mrs C Amer
T R Artay, C America
Mrs Artay, C America
H de Regnler, Paris |
Mrs de P.egnier, Paris
\ B Clough, Mass
-irs Cloujrh, Mass
Miss W Baker, Mass
Mrs A D Goeckler.Mas
JV B Frue, San Jose
Mrs Frue, San Jose
T Murdoek, Chicago
Miss Murdoek, Chicago
F II Armstrong, Chgo
L Garner. Haywards
if L England, N V
f W Rlnkle. N V
&& K T Kahn - Cincinnati
w -V oeb - Providence
E M- Esster. Paris
J Lowenm-und. rhlla
* f ™ Lowengrund, Pa
A W Hooper, Conn
R Robertson, S Cruz
C 8 Williams. U B N
Mrs Wllliarrs. U S V
R H Ward. U S N
£,w, w Matthissen. Cal
Mf*s 7. Feeler, Cal
Miss J Caesar, N T
M« A H u ray , N V
C H Bray, N V
S W Bray, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
O F Atwood. Stockton
G W Hildreth. Madera
SO Beach. Placervllle
Mies Barnes, Guatemal
E L Talkerbunr, Mo
£ C r X^vey & W. Cal
H V Murray, Honolulu
H W St John, N V
J Schllnßman, Mill Val
W A Dunn. N T
Mrs Tretheway. Btockn
g M Orion. Salt Lake
D W Berlin. Stockton
L w Hijßhes, N Mcx
J M Morton. Stanford
M ss R Kinjr. Sacto
Miss J King. Sacto
T Graham. San Jose
M a f tln . Glenwood
W T Lanrley. Mo
A Borders, Cal
H W Kyfkogel, Oakld
W Thomas. Chico
F B Meyers, Cinn
? A Warfleld, Merced
J R Wldmeyer, Mont
M Michael, Woodland
II Beach, Toronto
WH White. Watsonvll
S Robinson. Sacto
GSProwse, Oakdale
W Rocers. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Si D Sacto
Miss X Scott, Fresno
M Mooro. Stockton
J E Hall. Las Vegas
Mrs Windfuhr. L Veps
Miss Windfuhr, L Vegs
A W Dorr, Saginaw
Mrs Graham, Sacto
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriag* licenses have been issued as follows:
Joseph S. Silverberg, 38, 1526 Sutter street,
and Agnes Brandenstein, 26, California and
Goucb streets.
Pio Ghidossl, 29, Bouidln Island, and Ange-
lina Tabacchl, 20, 1124 Pine street.
Henry J. Johnson, 33, city, and Modesta Nu-
nez,' 2S, city.
William Hinrtchsen, 30, Monterey, Mexico,
and Senta M. Frese. 16, Mill Valley.
Samuel E. Snyder. 28, New York, and Xenta
Metropolsky, 24, 2214 Jones street.
Frederick D. Wilson. 26, 222H Elm avenue.
and Marguerite Kavanmh, 22. 743 Harrison st.
Harry H. Steers, 29, 503 Vermont street, and
May C. Dhue, 25, 840 Harrison street.
OAKLAND Heights — Fine new modern colonial
house of S rooms; Just finished; everything up
to date; built by day's labor; will be sold for
ca«h or on easy payments at 25 per cent less
than lot and house could be duplicated for;
see this If you want a home. JAMES 8.
NAIPMITH. 452 Ninth st.
1122. SIXTH RACE— One mlla; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse $100.
rime~i4-. :2oV»: %. :50; H. 1:1»%: mile, 1:41^. Good start. Won first three drlvln*. Winner
J. 8. Rothert sb. h.. by Blshop-Octa Reed. Winn-r received smart backing. Mistral can
do better. So can Lodestar. Throw this race out. Sueden no speed. Scratched— Ranido
102. Senora Caesar 10L Cromwell 110.
FOR sale — Two 4-room cottages: North Oak-
land, near San Pablo aye.; both lots 66x100;
pays In rent 1H» per cent on price asked:
every prospect of increase In value. Address
box 2755, Call office, Oakland.
Time— 3-16, :18: 7-16, :42Vi; o^f. l:06»4. Poor start. Won first three drivin*. Winner W
Appleby & Co.'s eh. ».. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. True Blue had feur lenirths the 'worst
of start and ran a superb race. Sly. cut off on far turn and a«:ain in stretch showed a
grand reversal. Scratched— Sister Marie 94.
1120. FOURTH RACE— One mils and an eighth; selling: four-year-olds and up: purse 1400.
*, ?,' *' : « : -,' 4 - :3S^ ; Bi> 1:M: *1 1:3(>: m!le - 1: « v *:lHm. l:S5i4. Good start. Won flmlhr^e
drivinp. Winner, E. Corrisan's b. m.. by Morello-imp. Sardonyx. Winner held her field
safe. Donator ran his race. Twlnkler away poorly and no speed. Scratched— Torsina 108
of York II 102. Lou ReylO^HenryClOS, Inverary II ICB. '
111!>. THIRD RACE— One mile; handicap; three-year-olds and upward- purse. 1400.
Tlm «— H. ::pH; H. :s<H.i; %, l:13«i: mite, 1:0*;. Good start. Won ridden out, second and
third driving. Winner. J. Xafrlee Burk"s b. m., by imp. Ormonde-imp. Fairy Rose. Show
ing or winner was in marked contrast to her previous effort. Catastrophe also displayed im
provemen^Chlmura nutfooted. Scratched— Constellator 98.
1117. FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
J2f7 %f :2 £?t : H - :50^ : %> 1:1S: mU «- I:42^*- B »d « ta rt- Won handily, second and third
arivinsr pinner, M. Donovan's br. g., by Imp. Ben Strome-Gypsy. Winner probably best.
ii.es. no excuses. Ramlet will win shortly. Jockey BUI and Royal Prize practically
left Scratched— Masnus 102
1118. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlonw: two-year-olds: sellinir: curse. MCO
T'" I*—l-I<*.1 *— 1-1<*. :96H: o-lfi, :30: 4',4f, :54^. Good start. Won easily, nerond and third drlvlmr.
\v inner. Burns & Waterhouse's eh. f., by Take Notlce-Hoolou. Homage a very promising
¦Oc^^Jc^^JiSS^BJLIS^LEB^^ Scratched— ToahliTO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
NAUGHTY TRUE
BLUE DEFEATED
SPEEDY SARDINE
Greatly Jarring the Finer
Senses of Corrigan's
Followers.
Sly and Rosormonde Displayed Mys
tifying Reversals of Form.
Figgott Cannot Rido at
Oakland.
As the racing season draws to a close
a new "phenom" bobs up In Billy Apple
by'B Duke of Norfolk horse, True Blue.
Always considered a more than useful
piece of equine furniture, the chestnut
has of late shown stake form. Yesterday
at Tanforan Park he started In a five
and a half furlong dash with Sardine and
Sly, and after getting four or five lengths
the worst of tho send-off, displayed a
sensational turn of speed, collaring and
beating out Sardine a neck in 1:06%. The
latter filly went to the post a 7 to 20
favorite. Beaten only two lengths, Sly
showed such, sudden and marked im
provement as to indicate that in her two
previous attempts she could not have
been "meant."
The crowd, which was not large, did not
purchase very extensively of bookmak
ers' pasteboards. Three first choices were
beaten.
Romany, a 15 to 1 shot ridden by Logue,
led from the start in the opening mile
run. Alaria, the favorite, hard ridden
from the jump, managed to get the place,
two lengths before Glengaber.
Ames again had the leg up on Rosor
monde, and he piloted the mare in an en
tirely different manner from the exhibi
tion given some days ago, when Mortgage
walked home in slow time. Allotted luU
pounds In the mile handicap and ruling a
7 to 5 favorite, Ames took his mount out
in front from the start, winning at the
wire more than two lengths from Catas
trophe, in 1:40%. Henry Shields was orig
inally posted to ride The Fretter, which
ran third, but the judge 3 did not like the
looks of the betting, almost at the last
moment substituting Baspinger.
Diderot,' the fast "trick" from the At
kins & Lottridge barn, was Installed a
pronounced favorite for the four-and-a
half furlong scramble, but the wise
money went in on Homage and the lat
ter miss closed the post choice. Right at
the start Shields, on Homage, crossed
over, cutting everything off, after which
it was clear sailing for him. Logue,
astride Diderot, got through after a time,
leading out Gaylon Brown for place
honors.
Corrigan's Sardonic had nothing much
to beat in the mile and a furlong selling
event, disposing of her company off the
reel. Donator, the second choice, took
the place quite as handily from Terrene.
The concluding mile selling run was a
most open betting affair, with Storm
King and Imp. Mmstral selling at the
same price, 5 to 1. Stuart, with Bishop
Reed, slipped away In the lead and was
never caught, finishing less than a length
in advance of Storm King at the wire.
Track Notes.
The Elmwood stock farm horses were
scratched from the different events for
which they were entered yesterday, ow
ing to the death of William Boots, father
of Charles Boots. Mr. Boots has the
sympathy of all turfmen zn his bereave
ment.
After being deprived of the mount on
The Fretter by the Judges. Henry
Shields asked to be excused from further
riding during the day, a request granted
by the stand.
The stewards of the California Jockey
Club announce that Jockey Joe Piggott
will no longer be allowed to ride at Oak
land track, for reasons that will be made
public later.
Ivy Powell was indefinitely suspended
for a ride on Glengaber that did not
please the judges^
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward ; maidens.
1074 My Dear 103 1115 March Seven. ..los
108S Lobosina 115 10SS Goldflnder 107
1055 Garbo 110 1106 St. Germain 107
1105 Harry Corby...Ho 1109 Miss Soak 105
1103 Bly 110 .... Rey del Ri0.. ..110
1056 Tourist II 10S 103S Nettie C1ark. ...105
1106 Palatine 107 1109 Henry C 110
10SS Artilla 105 .... Cue no
SSI Frank Duffy... lo7
Second race— One mile and an eighth; hurdle;
selling.
1109 Viking 1391 94? Lomo 144
(Css)MaJor S 142 841 Schrelber 132
885 Monita 14? 955 Durward 140
Third race — Four- furlongs; maiden two-year
old fillies.
1104 Carilee 107 1080 Sublime ........107
1050 Bavassa 107 1009 Plcklow 10S
106S Imponente 10+ 1104 Ada Fox 10?
1 1063 Undergrowth ..104 1104 Ada N 107
1099 Debitlck ..'.....104! 1099 Girly Ducat ...107
10T5 Prln. Tltania... 10S! 1052 Location 104
1037 Opal Stone lilt 1057 Gertie B 115
1099 Lurayo 108-
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; selling. /
(10S9)Scotch Plaid. ..lG6 (1113)Captlve ....L...103
1119 Catastrophe ...114 1016 Wyoming HO
1116 Faunette 10* 1116 Einstein 106
1113 Cromwell 109 (1036) Lady Meddls'm.loo
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; sell
ing.
1107 Choteau 103 1083 Ailenna 97
1051 Mountebank ...103 1098 Hindoo Princ's.lCO
1115 Ftlle dOr 97 599 Champion Rose. 97
10U3 Matt Hogan ...104 1103 Morelia 97
(995)liagdad 99| 1107 Sunello 99
1071 Proclamation ..102 1065 Joe McGee 99
(103S)Candlelight 11. .1021
Sixth race — One mile and a sixteenth; four
year-olds and upward; purse.
1122 Imp. Mistral. ..lls 1023 Dr. Bernays. ...ll2
1087 Lou Rey K'6 970 Acrobat 107
1109 Ace 107 1122 Don Luis 11?
1120 Twinkle Twlnk.lo3 1120 De Blalsa U2
1117 Ramlet 101 1073 Grady no
1109 La France 105
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Artilla, March Seven, Miss Soak.
Second race— Schrelber, Monita, Durward.
Third race— Princess Tltania, Ada N, Sub
lime.
Fourth race— Scotch Plaid, Catastrophe. Cap
tive.
Fifth raoe — Proclamation, Jo« McGee. Moun
tebank.
Sixth raoe— Imp. Mistral, Dr. Bernays, Ram
let. ¦ ¦ T'-'.T '-'.
FARE Me
HtNRY.J G'LLAGHE.7 C ¦¦>..
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
Franklin Only Defended Himself.
The preliminary examination of Blake
Franklin, the stalwart young stenog
rapher, charged with an assault to do
grievous bodily harm to Miss Louise Par
mentler, 309 Jones street, was held before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon.
After the hearing of the evidence the case
was dismissed, the evidence going to show
that Franklin had only acted in self-de
fense.
Good Card at Aqueduct.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The Rose stakes
for two-year-old fillies was the feature of
a good card at Aqueduct to-day. Educate,
the property of R. W. Waden & Sons,
with J. Slack up, won by a head In a hard
drive, with the 60 to 1 shot Mauga second.
Results:
Six furlongs— Jamaica won. Star Chime sec
ond, Lady Lindsey third. Time, 1:19 2-5.
Mile and seventy yards— Tyrshena won, i Rare
Perfume second. Double Dummy third. Time.
About seven furlongs— Charentus won, Boney
Boy second, Maximo Gomea third. Time.
1*29 2-5.* ~ - ¦-' tfW®B3WWMpMPPBKß'sßs>*iw
The • Rose stakes, four and a half furlongs-
Educate won, Magua second. Anecdote third.
Time, :58 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Purifactor
won, George Simons second, Goodail third.
Time, 1:12 2-5.
Four and a" half furlongs— Light Ball won.
Vouch second, Connie third. Time, :53 3-5.
Bad Day for Favorites.
MEMPHIS, April 19.— Not a favorite
finished first at Montgomery Park to-day.
In tho stake feature the Lumberman's
stake. Farmer Bennett was made an odds
on favorite. The start was pood and
Burns rushed Farmer Bennett to the
front. Turning into the stretch for the
home run Odnor challenged the leader
and In a driving finish beat Farmer Ben
nett a head for first money. The weather
was cloudy; track fast. Results. -
Seven furlongß— Georgetown II won, Slatilla
second, Harry Yocurn third. Time, I:2'j^.
One mile, selling— Freehand won. Windward
second. Bequeath third. Time. 1:43%.
One mile, purse — Greatland won. Belle of
Memphis second, Crockett third. Time, 1:42.
Four and a half furlongs* the Lumberman's
stake Odnor won. Farmer Bennett second,
Sard third. Time, :56.
One mile and a quarter, hurdle, selling—Ar
quebus won. University second, Joe Bell third.
One' mile, selling— Chopin won. The Sluggard
second, Thorrnr Carey third. Time, 1:43.
OCEA27 TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
* Steamers leave Broadway
K. wharf, San Francisco:
Ip^^ For Alaskan ports — 10 a. m.,
¦STO^W April 21, 26; May 1. Chance
|&^KJJ3l^p>k to company's steamers at Se-
fe^^S 3 ! H»1 For Victoria. Vancouv«r (B.
E^"-——^?**— C). rort Town«»nd. PeattK
r""*<aSrti?*S'tl Tacotna. Everett. Anacortes
gViffit*lg Viffit*1 and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
"* 10 a. m.. April 21. 28: May 1
and every fifth day thereafter: change at Se-
attle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— W a. m.. April
24 29- May 4 and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— »
a m.. April 21. 25, 23; May 4 and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Ohlspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Anreles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— ll a. m.,
April 23. 27; May 1 and every fourth day there-
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La. Pa 2. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m., "th of each
month.
For further lnforraatlon obtain company**
The' company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of salllnr
wi»*" •¦? r-*vlous notice.
TIOHET OFF I UK— 4 New Montgomery
stre.-i (i'alace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO.. G>n. Agents,
19 Market st.. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 104 (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Con:pany
will be payable at the office of the t^mpany,
327 Market St.. on and after Tuesday, May 1.
1900. Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
April 25, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. D. K. GIBSON, Actinc Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BARGAINS ON TERMS
8, 6 and 7 room cottages: 7, 8 and 9 room
houses; waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye., near Fifth St.; double lVj-story
house; rents for $24; price $22. Apply to A.
R. DENKE. Webster-st. station.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$800— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sumiY side of street; 3 blocks from
station and school; terms $100 cash, $10 per
month.
$1900— New • modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
$1650 cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner in Alameda; see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORANPARK. Thursday. April 19. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast
late Adolph C. Jacob, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years 8 months and 25 days.
t_TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of his brother, Charles H. . Jacob _
Co., 31S Mason street, between Geary and
O'Farrell. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriace.
JANSON —In Parral, Chihuahua, Mexico,
March 22, 1300, Charles L. Janson, eldest son
of Mrs. Therese L. and the late Charles J.
Janson. a native of San Francisco.-
MAHON— In this city, April 19. 1900, at her
residence, 2006 Washington street, Catherine.
beloved wife of Frank Mahon. and sister of
Mrs. Joseph Pescla, a native of Philadelphia,
fCTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MALONE— In this city, April 18, 1900, Michael,
beloved husband of Mary Malone, and father
of John J. and William P. Malone and Mrs.
Annie Hopper, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged 78 years.
t_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4593 A Eighteenth street, above Doug-
lass, thence to Mission Dolores Church for
servloes, commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MANUEL— In Oakland. April 19. 1900, George
W. Manuel, a native of Vermont, aped 62
years 8 months and 11 days.
MAUTER— In this city. April 18, 1900, Louis
Mauter. dearly beloved husband of Rosa Mau-
ter, and father of Herbert Mauter, Mrs. B.
E Hoffmann and Mrs. Ph. Deller, a native
of Baden, Germany, aged 64 years 5 months
and 26 days. A member of Sargent Lodge
No. 3CB, I. O. O. F. (Maslin and Canton, Ohio,
papers please copy.)
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Gantner _
Gunts Undertaking Company's parlors, S and
10 City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
NILSON— In this city, April 18, 1900, Helmar
Nilson, a native of Sweden, aged 45 years. A
member of Court Bay City No. 11, F. of A.
OTIS— In San Mateo. April 19, 1900, Mrs. N.
Whittter Otis, a native of North Vienna, Me.
tCTFuneral services will be held this day
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, at St. Luke's Church,
San Francisco.
PACHECO— In San Rafael, March 29, 1900,
John I. Pacheco. husband of Julia Pacheco-
(nee Tanforan), father of Frances Pacheco,
son of the late Mrs. Loretto Velasco. and
brother of Salvador, Ramon, Aujrusto and
Germesindo Pacheco and Mrs. C. C. Valen-
cia.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence in San Rafael, thence to St. Raphael's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment at San Rafael.
PATTERSON— In Berkeley, April 18, 1900, Wil-
liam Patterson, husband of Annie Patterson,
and father of Mrs. H. G. Wilson and Henry
Patterson,. a native of Scotland, aged 73 years
3 months and 2 days.
IC?" The funeral will be held this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1637 Walnut street. Berkeley. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. San Francisco,
arriving on 1:50 o'clock boat.
POPE— At the residence of her father. John T.
Doyle, Menlo Park, April IS, 1900, Emilie D.
Pone, wife of Francis tope, aged 31 years.
(CT Funeral to take place at Menlo Park
this (Friday) morning at the Church of the
Nativity, at 10:30 o'clock.
RAUE— In Oakland, April IS, IDOO, at the Ger-
man Althenheim. Mrs. Elizabeth Rave. a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 73 years and
2S days.
RIORDAN— In this city, April 19, 1900. Lizzie
A., beloved daughter of Bridget and the late
Patrick Rlordan. and sister of P. T. Rlordan
and Mrs. J. B. Carrere. a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 3 months and 19
I days.
! ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, A-prll 19, 11)00, Elise
• Schneider, beloved wife of Louis Schneider,
mother of Louis, August, Carl and Fried-
rich Schneider, and sister of Mrs. W. Haupt,
Jacob J. Klotz and the late Mrs. A. Gehr-
hardt, a native of Hessen-Darmstadt. Ger-
many, aged 39 years 7 months and 11 days.
SCHNEIDER— In this city. April I?. 1900, at
his residence, 310 Filbert street, Peter, beloved
hufband of Mrs. Clara Schneider, father of
Conrad, Martin, Peter and Joseph Schneider
and Mrs. Raymond Huber, and brother of
Mrs. Lizzie Voltz and Martin Schneider, a
native of Oestheim. Hessen-Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 67 years 1 month and 4 days.
trTTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from St. Paulus German Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets, where services will be held, commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SHANNON— In this city. April 19. 1900, Matilda
Sarah, wife of J. N. Shannon, and sister of
J. H. Dawson, a native of Brooklyn, Long
Island, aged 37 year*
t_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from 813 Golden
Gate avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:43 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from-Third
and Townsend streets.
SOTO— In this city. April 17. 1900, Secundlno,
dearly beloved husband of Leonider Soto. and
father of Marie Soto. a native of Mexico, aged
41 years and 6 months.
[T7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerali this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the iJarlors of
Cast«2Tietto & Delmonte, 645 Vallejo street,
between Montgomery avenue and Stockton
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STIPP-In Los Gates, Cal.. April 19, 1900. Henry
S. Ptipp, a native of Ohio, nged 72 years.
VIDOVICH— In this city, April 19, 1900, Stella,
beloved daughter of Annie and the late
Marco Vidovich, a native of California, aged I
1 year 9 months and 25 days.
YOUNG— In this city, tft the Palace Hotel
April 19, 1900, at 1:15 p. m., Mary McPherson
Young, sister of Mrs. E. S. Breyfc-ple.
The Watchdog for the Gold fields. I
_r iy_^^^^ k* tes when It barks. It will protect your claim
& J%Jto^^^ig% anc^ su pp' v y° u wi th f° c d-
£^ii||||^ 'Winchesf&ff*
%jmyy^J! \ Jlittinusdifion
%^s.?o^&ttFs\\i Always reliable, sold everywhere, Send name and
xfz^^>£s%^i address on a postal card for 160-page illustrated
.<^^^|^ J \ Winchester Repeating Arras Co.,
M^^^yLJ 4 18 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. Jg|||
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st. has received the
following orphan and hafl-orphan girls from
January 1 to March 81. 1900: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marion V.
Crane, aged 9 years; Mary Woodd, aged 10
years 6 months; Ella M. Hunaker-Engler.
aged 9 years 6 months: Mabel Pozzl, aged 1J
years; Ell«e Poggl. aged 9 years 4 months;
Ethel Marion Gould, aged 6 years; Mabei
Benbow, ;,_ed 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
aged 6 y>*ars 5 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5380.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
palntlne done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van «nd Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South C 35: packing, moving and storage.
TO LIU ASK.
TO Lease — AH or part of vacant property: 95x
160; on Mission st.. near Fifteenth: will build
lieht structure. Owner, box 3109, Call.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
ALL makes of standard typewriters- from $25
to $45; guaranteed: pend for samples of work.
L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
LOT 50x150; house of 8 rooms and small stable
for sale or exchange. Address 7068 Guerrero
street.
11 2t. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $100.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAI,_.
AN -ntroductlon to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture denier. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DELINQUENT .NOTICES. ':
WITTRAM PROPELTE^TOT^^MTrkeTTu
San Francisco— Notice.— There is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March,
1900, the several amounts eet opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Name— Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Spreckels.. 1 33,313 1-3 $999 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 60
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. 1900, so many shares of each parcel of
ruoh as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company, 226 Market street, San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April. li»00, at 3
p. m. of such day, to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market st.
AMERICAN JOCKEYS HAVE
A GOOD DAY IN ENGLAND
Richard Croker's Bay Filly Eileen
Violet With I*. Reiff Tip Sec
ond in '*he Maiden Two*
Year-Old.
LONDON, April 19.— Most of the finishes
at the second day's Newmarket Craven
meeting to-day found American Jockeys
winners or placed. In the Maiden (en
try) two-year-old race of 100 sovereigns,
added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns
each for starters, five furlongs, Richard
Croker's bay fllly Eileen Violet, by Sliver
Fox out of Merry One, ridden by L. Relff.
was second. The Column Produce stakes
of 20 sovereigns each, one mile, was won
by E. C. Clayton's bay colt Victor Hugo,
by Sir Hugo out of Gillback. The two
year-old rac,e of 200 sovereigns, five fur
longs, was won by J. Musker's bay fllly
by Melton out of School Book, with Sloan
up: while M. F. Day's chestnut fllly _lttl»
Gert. by Brag out of Red Glove, ridden by
L. Relff. was third. The forty-flrst sale
stakes of 5 sovereigns each, with 200 sov
ereigns added, one mile, was won by R.
G. Drew's bay colt Irresistible, by Buca
neer out of Salts of Sorrell, and the
"Wcoditon stakes of 10 sovereigns each,
with 200 sovereigns added, one mile, were
won by J. Musker's chestnut colt Down,
ham, by Oren out of Modes, ridden by J.
H Martin. Objection, however, was
raised to Downham for boring and the
race was awarded to the second horse.
The all ares selling race of 100 sover
eigns, added to a sweepstakes of 5 sover
eigns, five furlongs, was won by Richard
Croker's Gramcrlp. with L. Relff up.
Fcliclta, Sloan up. was second, and Gal
veston. ridden by Rigby, was third. There
were fourteen starters. _. Reiff rode Vic
tor Hugo In the Column Produce stakes
and Sloan piloted Irresistible in the Forty
first sale stakes.
The Providence Journal says: "The day
Is coming when practically every house
hold will have a telephone, Just as It has
other modern facilities."
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 78 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market St.. on and after
Friday. April 20. 1800. Transfer books will
clo*-e en Friday, April 13. 19(10. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. PHFLDOV. Secretary.
, MARRIED.
WALLING— MCMILLAN— In this city, April 16.
1900, at the Howard-street M. E. Church, by
the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Oscar T.
Walling and Annie J. McMillan.
THE 0. R. & N. GO. .
rtSPATCH FAST STEAMXRS TO
_p o _R. n?Xi _£_jst:d
From S»t«r-street T»*rt at 10 a. m.
CAD£ $'2 First r\mss Including Berth
lAli- $S Second Class and Muds.
COLUMBIA sails April S
Short line to Walla W_lla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
839 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS *- CO..
Superintendents. •
•:¦ MeAVOV _ CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1239 Market St.. between i Bth . and 9th.
• Telephone South 247.
11
[ndex I _H&r»e._Age. Weight. |St. % H _
1109 Romany. 4 98 1 'it 11
1096 Alaria. 4 96 2 3 2 3 1
1055 Glengaber, 4.........103 6 5 H 4 h
2?A? S8,"?1^S 8 ,"? 1^ * 96 8 *> » 3 1
JJ2S Gold Baron. 4 98 7 2 4 2 2
1037 Stuttgart. 4 98 9 11 4 11
1101 Colonel Root, 6 102 13 13 5 13
1070 Jockey Bill. 5 102 4 8h 10 1
1073 Royal Prize. 5 lt>2 12 12 5 9 %i
1076 Wild Het. s*. MO« "h 13
956 San Augustine, 4.... 9<UO 7 H « 2
1113 New Moon, a 10V 5 6 1 5 V,
1105 Mike Rice, a 102 v 9 2 7H
.... Zarro. < 10214 14 14
% Str. Fin.
15 ... 12
3 2 ... 2 2
4 6 ... 3 2
94 ... 4 h
2 2 ... 5 5
11 ... < h
10 ... 7 1
7 4 ... 8*
8 1 ... 9 1
12 ... 10 5
5 4 ... 11
6 2 ... 12
13 ... 13
14 ... 14
[ Jockey.
Logtie
Fauntleroy ...
I. Powell
11. Stuart
Bassinger ....
Buchanan
Cannell
Ames
Ranch
Gaffney
W. See
Mounce
Hal 8r0wn....
Hetnson
1 Betting
|Op. CL
. » L :
. &-S I
. 10 '
. 40 «t
. S 12
. 3 £
. 13 *
. 30 Sfl
4 3
. 20 30
. so ec
. 7 in
. 15 40
. 15 SO
Index. Horse. ¦ Weight. |St_
1080) Homase ..no 4
1095 Diderot IV) 8
10S6) Gaylon Brown 102 5
10M) Irate ... 1f.5 1
1099 Floranthe 102 3
1099 Scotch Belle 100 7
971 El Piloto 113 6
10SG Phil Branson 100 8
_%_
_5_
1 :
4 2-
2 2
3 H
S2
78
S3
8
Str.
1 2
3 5
4 2
5 5
7 8
«4
S
Fin.
1 n
3 2
3 4
4 2
5 10
S 1
7 I<>
•
J Jockej^
H. Shields....
Lofrue
Buchanan ...
Ames
Heingon
Bassinyer ...
Alexander ...
_iOp._
.. 8-5
.. 6-5
.. 19
.. l'>
.. 10
.. w
CL
1
1
IS
19
ffi
1.-i
ICO
nflex. Horse. Age. Welght7|SL
1100 Rosormonde. 5 109 $
11<>3 Catastrophe, 6 10S 4
H>?4 The Fretter. 4 114 I
1101) Chlmura, 4 103 3
1112 Morlnel. 5 106 2
M.
1 2
4 3
5
3 1
1 2
4 c
2H
5
3 U
?4_
1 2
33
2 H
4 7
6
Str.
2 2
3 5
5
4 2
Fin.
\%
3 1
4 h
5
I Jocfcey.
I Ames
Ranch
HasslnKer ...
Buchanan ...
J. Woods
lOp
2
6
3
X
a.
13-10
IS-S
12
4
9
index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St.
%
H
X
Str.
ICS3 Sardonic, 5 102 3
1103 Donator, S 1W •
1097 Terrene. 4 SS 8
10S4 De Blaise, 4 109 7
1097 Melkarth, 5 IC2 2
1109 Twinkle Twink, 6..1 M 1
99S Whaleback. 4 10" 5
1C22 Twinkler, 5 102 9
ICS3 Tom Calvert. 5 102 4
4 1
3%
5 H
1 4
2 h
6 h
7 10
9
8 IS
l l
3 h
4 1
I Vx
5 2
6 2
7 19
9
8 15
1 1
I h
3 1
4 2
6 3
5 1
7 20
8 1
9
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 1
< 2
6 h
7 10
8 li>
1
1 Hi
2 !
3 %
4
5 2
8 10
7 «
8 15
9
i
>
Buchanan ...
iJaneh
Basstnger ...
J. Woods
Mounce
Helnson
Alexander ...
Gaffney
..I 4-
.. 5-
i
1-3
;-2
8
I
25
20
40
4 5
»-¦•
15
15
40
71
13
?^
imlex. Horse. Ace. W
Velght.!St.
Vt
H
%
Str.
Fin.
Jockey.
lOp. Cl.
11CT True Blue. 6....
110S) Sardine, 3
1102 Sly. 6
1161 3
93 1
109 2
3
2 H
13
{t«
22
1 n
2 2
3
P.asslnger ...
Buchanan ...
Ranch
.. I 7-2
.. 1-2 7-20
.. « 10
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
982 Bishop Reed, 6 .~lou~4
1090 Storm King, 6 105 1
10!>0 Montanus. 4 106 S
11C8 Imp. Mistral 11, 6.. .105 5
1076 Dogtown. 5 105 7
1076 Dolore, 6 100 6
10PO Lodestar. 6 107 9
1105 Don Luis, 5 104 2
10Q3) Rey Hooker. 4 1C6:11
1102 Sugden, 4 103110
1118 Rosaibra. 6 IM| 3
»;
1 4
2 2
6 1
4 1
8 4
8 1
7 1
10
5 h
9 10
Fell
.... Vi
1 1
2 3
4 1
6 2
7 1
3 2
8 V*
10
6 h
9 10
S 1
3 3
8 3
10
7*i
9 4
St:
I
I
i
li
rta.»
2 4
3 2
4 2
SH
« 5
7 2
8 3
9 4
to
_J Jockey.
H. Stuart
LoKue
Ranch
Basslngrer ...
Mounee
Buchanan ...
Marklin
J. Woods
Ames
Alexander ...
Glover
IQp.
8
S
«
.. 5-2
3
.. 10
3
4
.. J
.. 10
.. 10
_C 1
.1
I
t
a
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
982 Bishop Reed, 6 .~lou~4
1090 Storm King, 6 105 1
10!>0 Montanus. 4 106 S
11C8 Imp. Mistral 11, 6.. .105 5
1076 Dogtown. 5 105 7
1076 Dolore, 6 100 6
10PO Lodestar. 6 107 9
1105 Don Luis, 5 104 2
10Q3) Rey Hooker. 4 1C6:11
1102 Sugden, 4 103110
1118 Rosaibra. 6 IM| 3
»;
1 4
2 2
6 1
4 1
8 4
8 1
7 1
10
5 h
9 10
Fell
.... Vi
1 1
2 3
4 1
6 2
7 1
3 2
8 V*
10
6 h
9 10
S 1
3 3
8 3
10
7*i
9 4
St:
I
I
i
li
rta.»
2 4
3 2
4 2
SH
« 5
7 2
8 3
9 4
to
_J Jockey.
H. Stuart
LoKue
Ranch
Basslngrer ...
Mounee
Buchanan ...
Marklin
J. Woods
Ames
Alexander ...
Glover
IQp.
8
S
«
.. 5-2
3
.. 10
3
4
.. J
.. 10
.. 10
_C 1
.1
I
t
a
imlex. Horse. Ace. W
Velght.!St.
Vt
H
%
Str.
Fin.
Jockey.
lOp. Cl.
11CT True Blue. 6....
110S) Sardine, 3
1102 Sly. 6
1161 3
93 1
109 2
3
2 H
13
{t«
22
1 n
2 2
3
P.asslnger ...
Buchanan ...
Ranch
.. I 7-2
.. 1-2 7-20
.. « 10
index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St.
%
H
X
Str.
ICS3 Sardonic, 5 102 3
1103 Donator, S 1W •
1097 Terrene. 4 SS 8
10S4 De Blaise, 4 109 7
1097 Melkarth, 5 IC2 2
1109 Twinkle Twink, 6..1 M 1
99S Whaleback. 4 10" 5
1C22 Twinkler, 5 102 9
ICS3 Tom Calvert. 5 102 4
4 1
3%
5 H
1 4
2 h
6 h
7 10
9
8 IS
l l
3 h
4 1
I Vx
5 2
6 2
7 19
9
8 15
1 1
I h
3 1
4 2
6 3
5 1
7 20
8 1
9
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 1
< 2
6 h
7 10
8 li>
1
1 Hi
2 !
3 %
4
5 2
8 10
7 «
8 15
9
i
>
Buchanan ...
iJaneh
Basstnger ...
J. Woods
Mounce
Helnson
Alexander ...
Gaffney
..I 4-
.. 5-
i
1-3
;-2
8
I
25
20
40
4 5
»-¦•
15
15
40
71
13
?^
nflex. Horse. Age. Welght7|SL
1100 Rosormonde. 5 109 $
11<>3 Catastrophe, 6 10S 4
H>?4 The Fretter. 4 114 I
1101) Chlmura, 4 103 3
1112 Morlnel. 5 106 2
M.
1 2
4 3
5
3 1
1 2
4 c
2H
5
3 U
?4_
1 2
33
2 H
4 7
6
Str.
2 2
3 5
5
4 2
Fin.
\%
3 1
4 h
5
I Jocfcey.
I Ames
Ranch
HasslnKer ...
Buchanan ...
J. Woods
lOp
2
6
3
X
a.
13-10
IS-S
12
4
9
[ndex I _H&r»e._Age. Weight. |St. % H _
1109 Romany. 4 98 1 'it 11
1096 Alaria. 4 96 2 3 2 3 1
1055 Glengaber, 4.........103 6 5 H 4 h
2?A? S8,"?1^S 8 ,"? 1^ * 96 8 *> » 3 1
JJ2S Gold Baron. 4 98 7 2 4 2 2
1037 Stuttgart. 4 98 9 11 4 11
1101 Colonel Root, 6 102 13 13 5 13
1070 Jockey Bill. 5 102 4 8h 10 1
1073 Royal Prize. 5 lt>2 12 12 5 9 %i
1076 Wild Het. s*. MO« "h 13
956 San Augustine, 4.... 9<UO 7 H « 2
1113 New Moon, a 10V 5 6 1 5 V,
1105 Mike Rice, a 102 v 9 2 7H
.... Zarro. < 10214 14 14
% Str. Fin.
15 ... 12
3 2 ... 2 2
4 6 ... 3 2
94 ... 4 h
2 2 ... 5 5
11 ... < h
10 ... 7 1
7 4 ... 8*
8 1 ... 9 1
12 ... 10 5
5 4 ... 11
6 2 ... 12
13 ... 13
14 ... 14
[ Jockey.
Logtie
Fauntleroy ...
I. Powell
11. Stuart
Bassinger ....
Buchanan
Cannell
Ames
Ranch
Gaffney
W. See
Mounce
Hal 8r0wn....
Hetnson
1 Betting
|Op. CL
. » L :
. &-S I
. 10 '
. 40 «t
. S 12
. 3 £
. 13 *
. 30 Sfl
4 3
. 20 30
. so ec
. 7 in
. 15 40
. 15 SO
Index. Horse. ¦ Weight. |St_
1080) Homase ..no 4
1095 Diderot IV) 8
10S6) Gaylon Brown 102 5
10M) Irate ... 1f.5 1
1099 Floranthe 102 3
1099 Scotch Belle 100 7
971 El Piloto 113 6
10SG Phil Branson 100 8
_%_
_5_
1 :
4 2-
2 2
3 H
S2
78
S3
8
Str.
1 2
3 5
4 2
5 5
7 8
«4
S
Fin.
1 n
3 2
3 4
4 2
5 10
S 1
7 I<>
•
J Jockej^
H. Shields....
Lofrue
Buchanan ...
Ames
Heingon
Bassinyer ...
Alexander ...
_iOp._
.. 8-5
.. 6-5
.. 19
.. l'>
.. 10
.. w
CL
1
1
IS
19
ffi
1.-i
ICOLadles' fine kid shoes, worth $3, for $1.23
'a pair at the Boston Shoe C 0.7 775 Market.*
The present Board of School Directors
has broken away from the policy set by-
Its predecessor in Its consistent fight for
the establishment of a system where pri
ority of appointment prevailed in the se
lection of teachers to fill vacancies. No
longer will the equitable method of se
lection for priority of enrollment be in
use. Favoritism has again been installed.
After the creation of scores of teachers
by the board which served In IS9S the de
partment was ' flooded with unnecessary
school appointees, and the expenses in
creased month by month far beyond the
appropriation of the Supervisors. Last
year's board made a total sweep of all
unnecessary teachers, retrenching ex
penses and following a fixed line of econ
pmy in this respect. At the same time a
resolution was adopted which placed the
teachers thrown out on the substitute
list, and: that all future regular appoint
ments should follow the chronological or
£er of the acceptance of the teachers as
members of the department.
The ' present board does not believe In
priority of appointment as a rule. On
March 28 if adopted a' resolution that all
teachers appointed . from the substitute
list should be made regular teachers only
upon recommendations of principals and
not -according to the old rule. In other
words; arteacher who was entered on the
substitute' list a year ago might receive
an appointment. before one who came into
the department. six months prior to that
time." Thespontention of the board is that
a substitute: who takes a class where a
vacancy, -has occurred becomes familiar
with .'the pupils, and if the recommenda
tion of the principal follows the appoint
ment should be made. There is no check
upon. the old system of favoritism except
a previous service as substitute. Luck or
pull seems to be the measure of future
appointments.
On the very, day the old rule was' re
pealed, and the new one adopted four
teachers were appointed.. Miss M Kyne
who, was appointed January 26, ISO 3, was'
Notice the freak features
that will be presented in next
Sunday's Call! Possibly you
\ have . heard of some of them
before, but have you ever seen
any illustrations upon these
lines Pv
Wingless Birds.
Electrical Indian Clubs.
Owls for Pets.
Hens. for Artists' Models.
Barbed Wire Telephone
Town." ¦ • .
THE Fifth Congressional District Re
publican Committee met last even
ing in the office of W. 11. Cobb. In
the Parrott building, and resolved
that the voters of the district should
have no voice in the selection of delegates
to the State and District Conventions.
The action of the committee was not unex
pected. At the conference of the joint
committees of th*s Fourth and Fifth Con
gressional districts, held at the Palace
Hotel early last week, it was noted that
committeeraen of the Fifth were active in
bringing forward every imaginable objec
tion to the primary system of electing
delegates. It appears now that the pro
gramme to appoint was fixed up shortly
after the adjournment of the Republican
State Central Committee. Many Republi
cans who attended the session of that
committee, at Golden Gate Hall, will call
to mind that J. Alva Watt openly pro
claimed that primary elections would be
held in all the Assembly districts of San
Francisco embraced. within the boundaries
of the Fifth Congressional District. At
the conference held subsequently in the
rooms of Josex»h S. Spear, in the Palace
Hotel, It was remarked that Watt had
changed front and was opposing prima
ries.
Before the committee met in regular
fashion at Cobb's office last night there
uas a little caucus. The address to the
voters and the resolutions of the sub-com
:r.iltee. all typewritten and lixed up to
MJtt the manipulators behind the scene*,
vi-re produced. When the committee met
I:-, regular session the programme was ac
<<lited without a murmur of dissent. The
hand of J. D. Mackenzie of Santa Clara
was not shown in the manipulation, but
doubtless he directed Watt to change
front and persuaded others to fall Into
line. As a political agent "Johnny" Mac
kenzie is as smooth as sala<i nil.
When the minutes of the previous meet
ing "were under consideration last night
Mr. Cohb made the pertinent suggestion
that the minutes be corrected to show
that J. Alva Watt derived authority to
appoint the committee from a resolution
of the convention of JS3S. Mr. Watt said
he v.-ould make that motion himself.
Ajrain he promised to submit the attested
minutes of the convention, showing the
adoption of a resolution giving him power
lo appoint the Congressional committee.
3t is now in order for Watt to remove the
rioud from the committee's title.
Max Goldberg, chairman, presented a
letter from the Good Government League
of Santa Clara County. The letter sets
lorth that 2UOO Republican voters demand
j.rimarSos and protest against the appoint
ment of delegates. The communication
v.-if placed on tile.
The report of the sub-committee on ap
portionment was read and adopted. The
representation by Assembly districts was
given in The Call last week.
In the course of the discussion follow-
jority working down slowly. The rail
ways, too, are employing a great many
of the Japanese. The Northern Pacific
line has now 4000 at work on its line and
the Great Northern Railway another 1000.
One fact is certain — of all the incoming
coolies not 13 per cent remain here or in
British Columbia. The steamer Victorian
since last week has several days carried
as many as 30") or 400 across to Seattle.
The steamers running to Vancouver also
3->ACOMA. Wash.. April 29.-An officer
of the steamship Goodwin, which
arrived yesterday from Japan, says
that a regular emigration craze has
.. .,' .' taken hold of Japan with respect
to the shipment of thousands of young
Japanese to the United States. He says
that steamers now due are bringing 22u0
more Japanese to be lar.de4 at Seattle and
Tac-oma within the next week, making
yr*) landed on Puget Sound within a week.
His story of the emigration movement in
Japan is as follows:
Several score emigration agents are at
v.-ork amor.gr the fanning classes in the
Interior of Japan. They hold out induce
ments for young men between 20 and 25
:•> come to America, producing letters
from Japanese now in America telling of
:heir prosperity, together with photo
j.rajihs of American scenes. Soon a rejr
i.;.tr fever to emigrate to the Pacific Coast
takes h<ild <>f the younger generation.
Fathers are then approached and induced
io pay or raise $00 to ship their sons
acrues tho Pacific. About half of this
P mount KtM=*s lo pay transportation and
•Jher expenses, the balance of $00 being
jtpparently given to each immigrant to
tjiow when he passes inspection on arrival
: • !•-. The law requires that each immi
trant xnu^t ix^sess $30.
Landing Money Returned.
As fast as the Japanese have passed In
:-,..( lion whrn landed in Tacoma they
rr.-irch uptown in military formation.
At one of the houses where they are
";• arded it is said that the $30 shown to
the immigration insj>ectors is returned to
:in apent and t'Vfntuaily sent back to the
• •migration company in Japan. Emigra
tion agents in Japan lead Japanese youths
to believe that they will pet easy posi
tions as cooks, etc., in this country. After
landing they find usually that railroad
v.ork is ahead of them, but they neverthe
less receive the $1 in gold a day which
they expected on starting. An oxamina
¦>ii>n of the several hundred Japanese
bronght by the Goodwin shows that prac
tically all are under 23 years of age. They
are thus not strong enough for heavy
cork, their weight running from 115 to 123
pounds. The steamship officer in ques
tion says it is understood on the other
t^df that Ss,tiOo to 50.000 more Japanese are
to be shipped to this country this year if
nothing is done to Ftip the influx. For
several years emigration agents have
been shipping laborer? to Ha.waii. The
Hawaiian authorities have temporarily
stopped the influx there, throwing the
main channel of immigration to Puget
Sound and California-
Hundreds About Due.
Large shipments of Japanese have ar
rived on Puget Sound this week per Rio
Jun Maru, Milos and the Goodwin. About
1200 more are coming on the Braemar, due
before Saturday. There is reason to be
lieve that emigration agents make at least
50 per cent profit out of the $60 paid them
by each immigrant. As near as can be
learned the steamship companies receive
$15 to $18 per head, making handsome re
turns for the steamship companies, since
the cost of feeding Japanese in parties
of a thousand or more does not exceed
$1 50 to $2 each. It Is noticeable that the
Japanese are all dressed alike and most of
them carry hand satchels which are also
exactly alike. This leads to the conclu
sion that they are outfitted in Tokio, Yo
kohama and Kobe by firms which furnish
their supplies In wholesale quantities. Al
lowing $1S for steamship fare and $12 for
an outfit, the emigration agent still has
$C 0 left for hi.s own services. A steamship
officer who has made public this mode of
procedure will not permit the use of his
name for obvious reasons. He says that
?o fully impressed are many farmers with
the opportunity to make fortunes afforded
their sons in this country that they do
not hesitate to mortgage their small plots
of ground to raise the necessary $60.
It is noticeable that many Japanese land
In Victoria, thence coming across by
Sound steamer. This permits Japanese
who have landed here to wire or mail
their $30 each back to Victoria for the
use of»othcr Japanese in passing the im
migrant inspector.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 19.— Another
thousand Japanese are at the wharf here
waiting until the authorities shall allow
the steamer Milos, a filthy German tramp,
on which they came, to enter. The crowd
brought by the Milos brings the total
number of arrivals here from Japan since
January 1 to C 026. Over 3000 more are on
the way to this port, SOO on the steamer
Braemar, due here on Monday; 1600 on
the Tosa Maru and about 500 on the Em
press of China. According to local Japa
nese at least a third of these are going
to California, the great number under
contract to work on the farms and groves
in the stead of Chinese.
On the steamer I.'mntilla. which sailed
from here to-night, ninety-five are booked.
Few go by the direct steamer, the raa-
Small Army of
Coolies, Bound
for California,
Landed on Pu
get Sound . in
One Week.
Lured to the Occident
by Tales of Gold and
Loaned Sufficient
Money to Permit
Them to Enter the
Land of Promise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
Metal rustic initials or name stamped
In 'gold leaf, free of charge, on all leather
goods purchased at Sanborn & Vall's, 74i
Market st. •
Wants More Property.
Catherine Belt, who In 1883 was divorced
from John P. Bell, has brought suit to
ha .V e w Se^ aslde to her certain property
which she claims was owned by Bell at
the time of the divorce, but which he
fraudulently concealed and deeded away
rftm £f C »!; e S, °,{ div ? r °c she was allowed
$3000 .which Bell maintained was half of
all his property. Now she alleges that
he was In reality possessed of community
property valued at $75,000.
Death of Mrs. Nellie McP. Young.
Mrs. Nellie McPherson Young, sister of
Mrs. Dr. E. S. Breyfogle. died at, the Pal
ace ' Hotel yesterday. She had , been an
invalid for several years and. came .West
about a year ago In -the hope that the
change of climate ; would -benefit her
health. The deceased resided in St. Louis
and was the daughter of, the late -William
McPherson, at one time president of the
Wabash road and one of the builders of
the famous bridge over : the Mississippi
River at St. -Louis: The remains will be
sent to St. Louis for interment. ,
Nano Nagle Club Entertainment.
The entertainment and social given by
c" OO M NN n B ! e Putins Club in Odd
Fellows Hall last evening was well at
tended. An excellent programme was
rendered, after which there was dancing
An 1 orchestra, composed of the following
pupils of the Presentation Sisters, dis
coursed excellent music during the even
£g and was a feature of the entertain-
Misses K. A. Ryan, M. R. Benker K. A
Meade, A. Zabrlskie, A. Thompson. M. V. Gar
£ &' tfr Tv?™^**- £• Husher - A. Oliva. A.
C. Kenniff. Masters E. Krusco, W. Rvan C
55 f te £ en> £- < Murph >'> F - Murphy. J. King. J.
Steffen. F. fechenone. E. Cicerone. L. Bardet.
Gigantic Fair Signature.
There was nothing to the Fair case yes
terday but one big enlargement of the
end of the marriage contract, including
the alleged signature of the dead million
aire. It had been made by a process ac-
Beribed -at length by Theodore Kytka,
who was on the stand. Charles Pence
objected, but the big print was admitted
anyway as part of the evidence. There
were other photographic plates and other
prints admitted, but they counted but lit
tle beside the big enlargement. . It shows
Fair's signature in: writing two
high. The morning sessi&n saw the finish
of the submission of ¦ photographs, and
then the case went over until Monday
morning. . . .
Patriarchs Militant.
The officers of Canton San Francisco
No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant, I. O O
F., were publicly installed last night in
Odd Fellows' Hall in the presence of a
large number of ladies and gentlemen.
The new officers are: C. H. Kronbeck
captain; Charles L. Zelgler, lieutenant;
H. W. Knowell, ensign; George H. Wil
son, clerk, and Xaxier Mefret, account
ant. The installing officer was General H
O. Brower, assisted by Adjutant General
G. S. Naismith and Colonel C. H. Weaver
The members of the canton appeared in
full uniform, as also did the members of
Oakland Canton No. 11. After the Impres
sive ceremony had been brought to a
close there was an exhibition drill by the
drill corps of the canton. Afterward there
was dancing with vocal and instrumental
selections between numbers.
PRIZES FOR MARKSMEN
OF RED MEN'S COMPANY
The Red Men's Shooting Company met
at the Turk-street Eintracht Hall last
night for the distribution of prizes won
at the eagle shoot at Shell Mound last
Sunday. The lucky marksmen* were:
Ktng, John Olday; first prize, the crown,
W. Dressier; second prize, scepter. Jack Mohr;
fourth prize, ring, Henry Schulz; fifth prize,
head. C. Becker; sixth prize, nsck, O. Wagner;
tenth prize, left wing, F. Melssner; eleventh
prize, tall.' John Olday.
The target prize shoot hold at Shell Mound
Park last Sunday resulted as follows: W.
Kreutzbaum, 65: D. Tamke, 63; H. Grelb, 62;
C. Oldag. 61; H. 13ach. 60; P. . H. Rulffs, 68;
John Olday, 57; Jack Mohr, 64; John Stelner,
52; L. Bernstein, 52; M. Dleckert. 43; C. Stein,
34: G. Wagner, 24; C. Bolsdorff. 29: M. Fut
schcr, 29; H. Vogel, 7; J. Krumholz, 1.
taken from the day substitute list and
given a position in the Sunnyside School;
Miss Alice R. Powers, appointed Febru
ary 23. IS9S, was taken from the day sub
stitute list and placed in the Broadway
School; Miss I. M. Roseman, also on the
day substitute list, appointed July 27, IS9S
was placed in the Starr King School; Miss
F. Hanley. appointed the same day, was
on April 4 given a class In the Garfleld
School. Miss V. L, English, who was on
the evening substitute list, was made a
teacher in the Hamilton Evening School
She received her original appointment in
August. 1897. This is the beginning. What
the end will be is a matter of conjecture.
ing a motion to adopt the plan of ap
pointing delegates Messrs. Cobb and
Watt reiterated their statements that
they had not hoard of a single demand
for a primary election. Mr. Watt did not
know why- th* 1 <»ood Government League
had Incorporated his name in the letter
to the chairman of the committee. He
imagined that the club had not the back
ing of the people of San Jose In its fac
tional quarrels.
These unkind allusions to the Good Gov
ernment Club did not call forth a pro
test from Mr. Mackenzie or Mr. O'Xeai
of San Jose.
Mr. Cobb brought the attention of the
committee to the main question by mov
ing the adoption of the resolutions to ap
point delegates.
E. I. Robinson asked permission to make
a suggestion. He said: "Why Include
this nonsense of inviting people to send
in names If the committee intends to ap
point?"
- He was told that he misunderstood the
reading of the resolution— that there was
no invitation for people to send In names.
A carpful reading of tho resolutions and
address will show whether Mr. Robinson
was right or wrong in his surmise. Pre
amble and resolutions as follows were
then adopted:
Wherea*. Under the primary election law
adopted at the last session of the Legisla
ture of this State no primary election can be
held until the second Tuesday of August.
A. D. 1500; and
Whereas. In the absence of any such pri
mary election law the holding t>f a primary
election would t>e without any safeguards
:ii,ai:!.-t the frauds that notoriously have ac
companied ev«ry primary election held In
this city for many years past; and
Whereas, The Congressional Committee of
the Sixth Congressional District, including
the city of Los Angeles, the second city of
this State, ha* resolved to appoint the dele
gates to said State Convention; and -
Whereas, This committee Is advised that
a majority of the counties ¦ of this State
have, owing to the absence of any law con- |
trolling the primary elections, resolved to
appoint the delegates to the said State
Convention. Now, therefore, be it
Kenolved. by this committee. That the
delegates to th« Fifth Congressional District
Convention, to be held pursuant to the call
of the National Republican Committee, shall
be appointed by this committee; and
Resolved. That the delegates so appointed
> Fhall t»*> the representatives to the Repub
lican fctate Convention to be held In the
city of Sacramento on the 15th day of May.
ISOO.
Unsolved, That the several members ot
this committee shall, after consulting the
representative Republicans of their several
districts, recommend to this committee the
names of persons to be appointed as the
representatives of their several districts to
the district and State conventions.
Rerolved. That this committee adjourn to
the Sth day of May. A. D. 1300. for the pur
pose of receiving BaJd recommendations ana
acting on the game.
Resolved, That the Congressional District
Committee for the Fourth Congressional
DlFtrict be Invited to concur and join with
us in appointing delegates from said dis
trict to their Congressional District - Con
vention and to the State Convention. 4
The foregoing resolutions having been
NO PRIMARY IN
FIFTH DISTRICT
The Congressional Committee Ac
cepts Programme to Appoint
Delegates.
Misleading Address to Republican Voters — The
Scheme for Appointment Was Devised
in Secret and Settled in Caucus.
FAVORITISM IS
NOW THE RULE
What the Revocation of Former
Priority Scheme in School
Department Signifies.
Appointments Now Being Made Where Pull or
Good Luck is the Only
Qualification.
arrange to hold primaries In case the com
mittee refused to call primaries. This
committee has no\ver to act and it will
now go ahead with the work. A full dele
gation will b« elected and they will go to
Sacramento and demand seats. If the
delegation is ignored it means war to the
knife between the league and the State
committee.
Secretary Taylor of the Good. Govern
ment League stated to-night: "Such gang
methods as proposed by the Congressional
committee will not be tolerated. The
league represents a majority of Republi
cans In this county and we propose to be
represented in convention. If not. Repub
licanism in Santa Clara County will be
jeopardized. It was the league that gave
Gage his majority in this county. We
downed the ping In the last county elec
tion, and now the Congressional commit
tee is coming to tho aid of Rea and Mac
kenzie. The Good Government people
will not stand it. We will hold primaries
and elect delegates. The committee ap
pointed for that purpose has full power
lo po ahead and they will begin work Im
mediately."
Judge J. R. Lewis. Is satisfied the mem
bers of the league will revolt. "Days of
Mackenzlelsm and Realsm." Raid he, "ar«j
past, and for the Congressional commit
tee to stuff the selection of delegates
made by Mackenzie, Louis O'Neal- and
Rick Donovan down our throats is more
than we will stand. Unless this wrong
is righted by the State Central Commit
tee the league will not be responsible for
a great landslide of the support from the
Republican party In Santa Clara County."
Vice President Johns of. the league de
clares that no attention will be paid to
the appointments made by the Congres
sional committee and says a full delega
tion will be elected at the primaries to
be called by the league.
unanimously adopted, the committee then
adopted the following address:
PAN FRANCISCO. April IS, IDOO. !
To the Republican voters of the Fifth Con- |
RresPiunal IMstri''t of California — Citizens: ;
Under tli^ call Isaued by the executive of
the Republican National Committee, it Is
left to the discretion of the i'onjrression&l
districts to choose their own method of se
lecting delegates to the State nomination
conventions. Acting within this power and
discretion, the undersigned Republican Cbn
grreFsional Committee of the Fifth Con-
Krestlonal District decided that the delega
tion from said district to the Htate conven
tion, to be hold May IS, be chosen by ap
pointment, and in order that the selections
thuw made be a true refl?x of the staunch
Republicanism of the district. It invites
the assistance of every pood and honest
Republican by asking them to recommend
to the committee, for that purpose, - men
who enjoy their fullest confUt'enr* and In
whose party fealty there Is not the slight
est doubt!
In- thus departing from the old beaten
track of primaries, the committee was en
tirely actuated by the desire to prevent the
Republican ortranlzatlon of the district from
falling Into the hands of the old-time dis
reputable classes, and giving thereby our,
common enemy a weapon with which to*
club the party during the c.minfr campaign.
Could the Stratum law, with its effective
safeguards, be applied to the operations of
national party machinery, the committee
would certainly have been delighted to sub
mit the selection of delegates to the voters
of the district direct. Cut such Is unfor
tunately net the case. Kven the slight pro
tection which the old Porter primary law
placed around the ballot box is now, by rea- ¦
eon of the adoption of the Stratton law,
withdrawn. The honest party man would
be entirely at the mercy of the hired ward-
Ftrlkers, thucs and the riffraff ¦of society,
and It etands to reason that under such cir
cumstances a primary v.-ould degenerate
Into a mere farce. The first primary elec
tion held in this city under the Stratton
law was bo complete a success, and con
vinced the people bo thoroughly of the pos
sibility of an honest primary election, when
there Is a law to protect the voters, that
the decent people will henceforth turn with
loathing from a primary held under the frea .
«nd easy system of the old days. It were
indeed desirable would the next Legislature
bo amend the Stratton law as to make It
operative in the selection of delegates to
all conventions held within the limits ot
the State. Not only would the people obtain
their Just rights, but the Congressional, com
mittees would be relieved from the solemn
responsibility that now rests upon them.
Trusting the course adopted by the un
dersigned will meet the approval ' of their
fellow Republicans, we remain, rlncerely,
MAX GOLDBERG, Chairman.
LOUIS O'NEAL, Secretary.
E. I. Robinson, Thirty- fourth. District:
W. H. Cobb, Thirty-fifth District; Frank
•H. French, Thirty-sixth District: G. 11.
Falrchild, Thirty-seventh District; Max
Goldbergr. Thirty-elehth District: Jesse
Marks. Fortieth District; F. R. Danforth,
Forty-first District; R. Donovan, Fifty
fourth District;- Louis O'Neal, Fifty-firth
District; J. D. Mackenzie. Fifty-sixth Dis
trict; Alvinza Hayward, Fifty-second Dis
trict.
The committee adjourned to meet May
8, or sooner, at the call of the chair.
LEAGUE UP IN ARMS.
San Jose Republicans Will Rebel
Against Congressional Com
mittee's Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 19.— The - Republican
Good Government League, representing
nearly 2500 Republican voters of Santa
Clara County, will rebel at the high
handed work of the Fifth Congressional
District Committee in refusing the party
right to select delegates to the convention
at Sacramento which will select delegates
to the national convention. Two weeks
ago the league delivered the Republican
State Committee Its ultimatum that it
would not support any nominations from
this county that were appointed. This
threat will be carried Into effect. To
night's action of the Congressional com
mittee means the turning of the appoint
ment of delegates over. to the Rea.gang,
wihch the' league does not propose to tol
erate. From the. expression of members
of the. Congressional 1 committee this was
expected and last Saturday the Good Gov
ernment League appointed a committee of
five, with C. WV- Childs as chairman, to
upon to pay 25 cents per day for food.
And to the coolie this side of the ocean
is as Cape Nome to the treasure seeker
of the Occident. The steamship compa
nies advertise to carry them and guaran
tee to land them in the United States at
75 yen. or about $35 per hfad, and when
the Japanese secure their tickets many
have Vancouver written on them instead
of Seattle or Tacoma. and they are-landed
at the Canadian port and left to get
Group of Chinese on Forward Deck of the Nippon Maru.
have been crowded. From these two
points they slowly work down, most of
those from Vancouver walking across the
border.
Gilded Yarns' of Agents.
According to the doctor who came
across with the coolies on the Milos, the
Japanese Emigration Bureau is advertis
ing the riches of America, telling of how
workers can earn 3 yen ($1 50) per day
here, out of which they will only be called
teiesuais heady 10 Become dative Sons.
across the border as best they cart. They
arc, too, promised good food on steamers,
but on the Milos they were almost starv
ed. The cooks prepared the eternal rice,
sometimes with a few small fishes thrown
In, and heaped it boiling in big caldrons
on either side of the deck. The closely
packed Immigrants would fight for posi
tions near the caldrons, and when able
grab a handful of rice and would munch
it from their fists as they sat about the
decks. The Milos Is held here not only
because of the fact that her captain has
no clearance, but also as she has insuffi
cient boats. There are only four for a
thousand passengers. The steamer is in
a most filthy state, the scuppers being
piled up with evil smelling refuse.
Her officers report seeing a dismasted
wreck about a thousand miles from Flat
tery. They passed within nine miles of it.
NEW SCHEME WORKED
BY ARIZONA CHINAMEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 19.— The United
States District Attorney of Arizona to
day received instructions from the At
torney General at Washington to cause
the arrest of a Chinaman named Lan
Wing Quong, who is now living at Tucson.
The case of this Chinaman is one of sen
sational interest. He came over from
China to San Francisco about March 1,
where, it is said, he attempted to land.
Falling In this he was taken in hand by
agents, who had been employed by his
father, a wealthy Chinese merchant in
Tucson, and given over to the Southern
Pacific road, which placed him in bond
for Mexico. The father was notified of
this action and when the Southern Pacific
train reached Tucson with the Chinaman
a writ of habeas corpus, which had been
issued by Judge George R. Davis of the
District bench, was served on the South
ern Pacific agent and the Chinaman was
delivered to the officers. The hearing on
the writ resulted In the discharge of the
Chinaman by Davis. The father claimed
that his son was born in Tucson and all
the Chinamen in Tucson who were friend
ly with the merchant gave evidence to the
same effect.
A number of white men who lived there
also said they thought they had seen the
boy in Tucson before. The case was
dropped and the Chinaman is now in
Tucson. It was the opinion of some of
ficials at the time that Judge Davis had
FIFTY THOUSAND JAPANESE ARE BOUND FOR PACIFIC COAST
EXAMINING ASIATICS ON
THE NIPPON MARU
Friends Are Kept Away From Then
and as Yet None Have Been
Landed.
The Chinese and Japanese coolies on thA
Nippon Maru had a quiet time of it yes
terday. After the hurry and rush of goin^
into quarantine at Angel Island, the trip
across the bay on the steamer Carolina
and the scramble to get aboard the Nip
pon Maru every one of the Asiatics was
ready for a rest.
Yesterday nearly all of them were re
hearsing the lesson they have to tell th's
Commissioner. On the dock were a num
ber of the pigtailed fraternity from
Chinatown, who wherever they got a
chance shouted to one or another of the
passengers, who would answer and then
quickly disappear. A number of Japanese
attempted to get aboard the steamer on
the pretext that they had relatives amons
the crew, but the customs officers »>re
obdurate and they had to remain ashore.
The work of examining the Japanese
began yesterday before the Immigration
Commissioner. The statements of quitf?
a number of men were taken, but so far
none of them have been landed. The tak
ing of testimony in the case of the Chi
nese will begin to-day, and after Th*
Call's expose it Is safe to say that the
evidence will be conclusive before a
coolie, be he merchant or native son. can
land.
In the pier over the entrance to th»>
Mail dock there is another horde of Chi-'
nesp awaiting a landing. They are held
pending an appeal to the courts, and
should the 2O» en the Nippon Maru bo
sent to join them it will be very close
quarters in the pen.
Thirty-Three Japanese Deported.
Immigration Commissioner North re
ceived yesterday a dispatch from Com
missioner General Powderly. approved t>y
the Secretary of the Treasury, dismissing
the appeal of Kanichi Takumi and thirty
two other Japanese immigrants to whom
Mr. North had denied a landing-. Thin
decision closes the Incident and the Jap
anese will be deported by the next
steamer. The ground given by Commis
sioner North for denying the Immigrants
a landing Is that they arc contract la
borers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YES, IT #pl
TO C*TTTD v^C'lo \l
prising, ///In
But Then— JTO
/"Linen batiste sailor suit ;
Chambray pique trim-
ming ; 6 inch hem ; skirts
y/ z yds. wide; 4 to 14
years. Sewing and finish
superior to any sold else-
where. A product of our
factory and custom made
in every particular— sold
everywhere else (£1 CA
£3>o3 >00 — our price «PI«UU
LMAGNIN&CO.
840 Market St., Opp. '4th
Save 25 Pep Cent
On Your Summer Suit
by getting it made _^
at Poheim's. -^^'S.'sw •'W&
suits 913-so up. /^Tiß&sjEdVv
Pants *4.50 up. / ' \«^X / h
Guaranteed to be I j? jSPsf^* • Vj,
first class Ja every J J/'^A,j o^v*
Samples «ent free. t y ftjjrapi. \ \ '
joe poheim, T n Ha \V\
The Tailor, J / Bi \\;
1110-1112 Market st. ' I| \
201-202 Montg'y st. \
J13.13.CG Conducted under th?
American and Euro-
flTlfl Ptan plans, and in a
C " lU> manner that will sit-
~"~ — — — — — .isfy the most exacting
Grsncl snJ p articuiar tasts>
_____________ 1400 rooms — 900 with
:>— , baths.
Hotels I
unintentionally fallen Into a conspiracy to
get this Chinaman Into the country and
the scheme Is regarded as a new and
clever dodge of the Chinese exclusion law.
This opinion was confirmed to-day by In
structions received from the Attorney
General. "United States Commissioner
Culver was at once notified to issue a war
rant for the arrest of the Chinaman, but
he refused, claiming that Judge Davis ha.i
passed on the matter and he did not feel
Justified In reopening the case.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney Bennett left to-night for Tucson and
the case of Lan Wing Quong will be taken
up according to the instructions of the At
torney General.
12
Japanese "btudents on tne Nippon mam.