VETSERA'S WOMEN VICTIMS WERE SO
FRIGHTENED THEY COULD NOT STIR
•
mRS. STEDDON. Miss Beeman and Miss Bennett, the women held trp
In Oakland by Vetsera, are employed as domestics at the residence
of P. X- Bowles, president the First National D*nk, 317 Boulevard
terrace. In relating their experience one of the trio stated: "We
had finished our work and were taking a short walk preliminary to retiring
for the night. We had no idea that we would be victims of a footpad.
When he Jumped out and pointed his pistol at us I thought I would faint.
I attempted to run, but my feet were like lead and refused to move. My
companions recovered themselves and screamed. The noise they made
aroused me to a sense of my surroundings. Not one of us stood on cere
mony, but ran like frightened sheep. The brute yelled for us to stop, but
we took no heed of his cries and only ran the faster. Ha pursued us a short
distance. He evidently feared capture, as our screams had alarmed the neigh
borhood, and he fled in the opposite direction.
"When we reached Mr. Bowles' house we were exhausted from fright.
The shock we received was a terrible one and our nerves are still unstrung.
I don't want to see that fellow again. I don't think any of us could identify
him. His face was covered with a dark cloth and when he Jumped out we
thought he was a negro."
"Why, when those women screamed I
was so frightened that I did not stop to
see which way they ran. I Just took off
as fast as I could and perhaps they im
agined I was pursuing them.
"It was hunger and plenty of it that
started me on this. When Chief Hodg
kins gave me some supper after I had
been arrested it was the first food I had
tasted for nearly thirty-six hours. Well,
there will be a place for me to sleep and
something to eat If nothing more. I hope
to God my people will never hear of this.
They do not know in what part of the
world I am and I will be happy if they
never find me again."
When told that the Austrian Consul had
denied his story Vetsera said:
."I am willing to confess that I have
taken every precaution to bury my family
name so that disgrace shall never come
upon my people from any act of mine. My
family Is too proud and aristocratic for
me to bring shame upon them. The Aus
trian Consul may not know me under the
name of Vetsera, but If he were told my
family name he could not fail to know it.
It is one of the proudest names in Austria.
My father is an officer of the rank corre
sponding to that of brigadier general in
the United States. One of my brothers is
a lieutenant in the Hungarian Hussars. I
am not a relative of the Baroness Vetsera.
and have no desire now to sail under false
colors except to protect my family name
and honor.
"I left home because I could not uphold
the family name, and I am not going to
drag it into the mud now. My passports,
which were vised by the Austrian Consul
every six months, secured me my posi
tions, but I had sent them East because
I did not desire that my true family name
should be discovered. The Austrian Con
sul would have no difficulty In identifying
me if he had that name repeated to him."
ON"CE agtdn is shame and dis
credit cast upon the nobility
of Austria by crime committed
in San Francisco. Jcsef Blanther, the
cruel murderer of Mrs. Langfeldt,
¦cms a descendant of a noble house of
Frnncis Joseph's empire, and now
Simon L. Munckrosvon Vetsera, the
youthful footpad who terrorized the j
residentr of the Western Addition
and came to grief in Oakland, claims j
that his name is linked with that of
the ccurt of Austria.
The name he gives is the same a3
that of the late Baroness Marie Vet
eera, -whose tragic death at Meyer
ling-, vrith Crown Prince Rudolph, in
January. 1889, shocked the civilized
world. All yesterday he intimated <
that they had been blood relatives,
but late last night he broke down
and admitted that he and the Baron
ess were not members of the same
family. While insisting that he is of
the Austrian nobility, he confesses
that the name he has given the police
authorities is not his true title.
The footpad says his father is a
commanding general in Francis
Joseph's army, but beyond this he
refuses to give any details as to his
antecedents except to say that his !
tamily is one of the most aristocratic i
in all Austria.
Bora and bred to enjoy the titles and
rank of highest standard in the Austrian
rrnprie, this youth, after four years of
upa and downs, tossed about the world j
like a cork on a stormy sea, finds himself j
behind prison bars, with years, may be, of j
penal servitude as the blank prospect for
the future. R^ady to tell of his plunge |
Into crime, the boy halts at the threshold j
of his home. Tears, genuine and from the ;
heart, well up in his eyes when the mother j
and the brothers and sister across the I
f-f-n are recalled. His name revive* the j
tragedy Jn the Austrian royal family. The •
Uaroness Vetsera, of whom the Crown j
Prince Bndolph was enamored, is brought j
to mind. The tragic suicide of the Prince I
for his love of the beautiful woman who !
oresM not have him is . the story of the \
most recent occurrence.
And this lad, with the Iron bars of J
gUtomy prison surrounding him. breaks i
down in sobbing entreaty, his tongue vol- !
¦üble rnough till now, is silent when the j
Fiprr.liicant sameness of name is men- j
Until he fled from an Irksome grind in ;
Fchool young Vetsera had been going the j
road of the sons of the royal family. '
I Started at the age of 12 years in a great
military academy at Vienna, his course
of eight years had been mapped out until
j he should be fit to enter the army. In
i which his father was of such high rank
! and in which an older brother held a
I lieutenant's commission. Falling In ex
j aminations, the lad displeased his stern.
i autocratic parent, who shipped him off to
a German naval school. The new life was
obnoxious. He feared the father" * wrath
! and with the aid of other relatives eet out
I to face the world. He drifted about from
] place to place among strangers In a
I strange land. There were months of hard-
I ship and privation, of irksome toil, to
j which the offspring of royal Austrian
I blood had not been accustomed.
Finally he reached Los Angeles , and
there he met his temptress. The meeting
marked the beginning of the end. She
was a woman fond of the night and the
carousals of the half-world.
"Come." she said, "and work no more."
j The boy yielded. That was six months
! ago. The pair drifted to this city. The
woman fled two weeks ago, leaving the
stripling of the noble family of Austria
i to resume his battle with the world single
I handed. He went hungry day after day,
he rays. His clothing went for food.
Then in the narrative appears, a stern
j old uncle, a resident of San Francisco,
i who makes away with $1000 the boy had
brought from home with him. To him
the lad appeals, but vainly. Starvation
is ahead. It is either to die or to steal
His mind is upon the highway.
"Could I gather enough money to get
out of the city I would go away," says
the desperate, hunger-stricken boy. He
pawned his shoes for an almost worthless
j old pistol. With that he goes abroad at
night bc-nt upon robbery. But he is the
merest amateur and success is not his.
He leaves San Francisco, is captured In
Oakland and is ready to end his life, he
declares, rather than to face a term in
the penitentiary.
Such is the brief outline of the narra
! tive which was related yesterday to Chief
iof Police Hodgkins of Oakland. In the
I police office, surrounded by police officials,
i detectives and interviewers, the youth
I told and retold the story of his life, inva
i riably stopping to bury if possible the
i chance of positively identifying his Aus
j trian connections.
Young Vetssra was equally reticent con
| cerning his movements in San Francisco,
: refusing point blank to tell where he hcA
j lived and who was the woman companion
I he asserted had contributed to his down
] fall. He as strenuously concealed tho
: identity of the alleged wicked uncle other
! than to announce that this relative was
i a mining secretary, resident in San Fran-
I cisco for some ten years. The lad re
| ferred frequently to the Austrian Consul
j and admitted that through that official he
I had secured remittances" from his rela
j tives.
The boy's first viElt to San Francisco
i was about two years ago. He said he
i had worked for several firms as porter,
had been employed as a valet in East
AUSTRO-HUNGARIAN CONSUL
DENIES HIGHWAYMAN'S STORY
\\ —^RANCIS KORBEL, Austro-Hungarian Consul In this city, denies Vet
jj= a erra's statement that he has received remittances through him and
H doubts that he is a member of the Vetsera family of the Austrian no- j
billty. "This man, whoever he Is, has been receiving no remittances
through me." said the Consul. "That is positive, because I have received no
money for any person in any way answering his description or near his age.
I know wcJl all those whom I have received money for and no such person as
this footpad is among them.
"He could not have received remittances through the Austrian Ambassa
dor at Washington without my knowledge, for the Embassador would send
all remittances for persons here through me.
"I don't believe the prisoner is a member of the Vetsera family. I am
of the opinion that all the members of it can be accounted for. This family
was almost extinct at the time the Baroness Marie died. She had but one
Lrother. who would now be about 49 years old, and he never married. Out
side of her immediate family I know of no Vctseras in Austria— no cousins
or any other relatives, though there may bo some.
"The Wtscras were at any rate not a numerous family. Their estates
were nearly exhausted, but although poor they had entre to court society
and were rated among the best of the nobility.
"The fir?t name, Simon, which this young man claims to bear, is not an
Austrian name."
Mr. Korbel also stated that he knew of no mining man in this city who
could possibly be the uncle of the footpad. He said:
"In the Austrian colony here there is but one mining engineer. He re
sides in Oakland and lias done so for the past thirty years to my knowledge.
1 believe that he has no family connection whatever with the criminal. In
the name 'Mcnckorosvon,' which the footpad gives as part of his title, I
think the 'yon' should be a separate word, making the correct name L.
Monckoros yon Vetsera."
lie Claims That His Father Is a Comnianding General/Sin,
Francis Joseph's Army and That His -Family Is /fine*"'**
oi the Most Aristocratic in the Empire.
WOMEN VOTERS FIGHT
IN AN IDAHO TOWN
Their Arrest Follows and a Jury of the
Fair Sex Mixes Up While De
ciding the Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, April 29.— A story of a very unusual proceeding comes from
.Wciser. A good deal of feeling had been worked up over a local election. In
which the women, who may vote in this State, took a deep Interest. On elec
tion day the women were thick about the polls, and two of them, Mrs. Martin
son and Miss Harris, the latter a spinster, indulged In a heated altercation
over the merits of their respective candidates. The argument was brought to
a close by Mrs. Martinson saying:
"If I were running for office and I found out that a withered up, china
faced hag like you was working for me, I would not vote for myself."
The words had scarcely left her lips when Miss Harris reached over and
clawed her veil and a lot of epidermis from her face. Mrs. Martinson respond
ed by giving her antagonist a resounding slap on the face that sent her bonnet
to the side of her head. The women then clinched, and such a hair-pulling
and scratching match was never before witnessed In that usually quiet vil
lage. It was all over in a few seconds. The combatants were separated and
led off, their faces zlg-zagged with scratches. Each woman had the other ar
rested, and Mrs. Martinson's trial was held first. A jury of women was sum
moned, and after the evidence had been taken the jurors retired to deliberate.
Before a great while the bailiff heard screaming inside the jury-room. Forcing
the door, he witnessed a free-for-all mix-up among the jurors, who. it devel
oped, were strong friends of one or the other of the women under arrest. The
officer quieted the jurors after a great deal of trouble, and they filed into
court a sorry looking aggregation, reporting a disagreement. The bailiff
picked up a bucketful of hatpins, switches, ribbons and other feminine adorn
ment. The Judge reprimanded the women and turned both the prisoners loose.
Feeling still runs high in Weiser, it is said, and the attendance at church io
cials has been reduced about one-half.
Struck His Aged Mother.
Thomas Mahoney. a millhand living at
1143 Howard street, went home drunk yes
terday morning and demanded money
from his aged mother to "rush the grow
ler." She advised him to go to bed, but
he compelled her to give him 10 cents.
He went out and when he returned he
struck her and chased her out of the
house. Bareheaded, she walked to the
Southern police station and Policemen
McGrayan and Peterson were sent in the
patrol wagon to arrest Mahoney. He
showed fight and had to be thrown down
and handcuffed. He was charged at tho
City Prison with disturbing the peace.
Oakland and, lastly, had been a polisher
of silverware at the Van Nuys Hotel in
Los Angeles. It was there he fell, he
says, into evil companionship.
For all his troubles, his entire worldly
possessions consist now of half a dozen
suits of clothes, held by a lodging-house
keeper in San Francisco for unpaid room
rent; one pistol and black silk handker
chief, held as evidence by the Oakland
police, and the following items: Two
brass white enamel collar buttons, one
imitation diamond button, one old comb,
one old empty purse, one needle, two pen
cils, one soiled handkerchief, one pocket
mirror, a rosary and a silver card case
cover with name engraved thereon.
Vetsera has a marked countenance. His
features are marred by a misshapen nose,
the bridge of which has been smashed
flat,' while the tip' projects with Cyrano
de Bergerac prominence. This, the lad
says, was caused by a fall he sustained
while a messboy on a North German
Lloyd steamer on the Atlantic.
With barely a growth of beard on his
face, the boy has nothing to commend
himself to a thief taker. His garments
are a black coat and trousers with a
fancy brocaded waistcoat. The hat is
a fuzzy gray fedora. There Is nothing
about him to suggest the daring highway
man of the Western Addition. When he
was captured Saturday night by Detec
tives Kyte and Hamerton the lad had
eaten no food for twenty-four hours.
Since his female companion disappeared
and went to Portland food had been
scarce with Vetsera. He declared he was
too proud to beg. Indeed, he says that
he intended to merely ask for money from
his first victim, but being refused resorted
to the display of his pistol.
But -withal hunger and desperation and
rough knocks there was a vein of feeling
struck in the youth every time home was
brought to his mind.
"My home was in Galicia," said Vet
sera, when he was fairly ready to tell his
story. "My family name is the only one
in our home. It is six hours by railroad
from Vienna. That is all you can know
from me about that. My father is a com
mander in the Austrian army and I was to
be given an education to fit me for similar
service. When I was 12 years old my
father put me In the military school at
Vienna, but I did not get along very well.
I failed several times to pass the quar
terly examinations and finally my father
became disgusted and sent me away to
the naval school at Stettin, Germany. I
tired of the work there, and not getting
along very well decided to leave. I could
not go home because my father was much
displeased because I did not do better at
school. So my brother, and my uncle
helped me with money. I had $1000 w-hen I
left home. I decided to go to sea, and I
went as a mess boy on a steamer from
Bremerhayen to Australia. I went back
to Hamburg, and for some time worked
as a mess boy on the North German
Lloyd steamers between that city and
New York. That Is when my nose was
broken.
"I remained finally in New York, work
ing in several stores. With my recom
mendations from home I got along pretty
well until I started out West. I managed
to hold on to the money I brought with
mo until I got to San Francisco and met
my uncle. He induced me to buy a lot of
mining stock, and I was called upon to
pay an assessment of $100, but I had no
more money to pay with, so my uncle took
part of the stock for security. Then more
assessments came, and at last all of my
stock was gone and my money had van
ished."
"But your family must have been will-
Ing to aid you," was suggested.
"No. I would not write to them any
more. And now, it would kill my mother
If she knew of this," sobbed the lad,, the
tears coursing down his cheeks.
"And your family? You remember the
Princess Vetsera?" queried a listener.
Not a word of reply, only the continued
weeping. Direct questions were evaded,
and Indirect effort was warded off gently,
but with determination not to disclose the
secret.
The lad rambled on with his story' The
next event that seemed - k strongly im
pressed was the meeting at Los Angeles
with the creature of the night whom he
claims is responsible for his undoing.
"I had a good job at tho Van Nuys Ho
tel." earning J2S a month when I met her
and she told me to come with her," said
the boy. "We came to San Francisco.
Who is she? I won't tell you, but plenty
of people know her around the Thalia and
the dance halls. She Is older than I am—
thirty years old at least. Two weeks ago
she left me suddenly. I thought I would
try to get money enough to follow her to
Portland, where her trunk was sent, and
maybe I would have killed her, and my
self, too."
Then the days of hunger came on. Vet
sera' b vain appeal to the uncle is told this
way:
"I went to my uncle for money. He
said: 'Go pawn your clothes. "When they
are gone come back to me.' What was
to hold him here or turn their prisoner
over to the San Francisco department.
Chief of Police Sullivan and Captain of
Detectives John Seymour went to Oak
land yesterday afternon, held a long
interview with the prisoner and decided
that his story was true beyond any ques
tion of doubt.
The San Francisco police officials ex
pressed themselves as highly gratified
over the capture of the highwayman and
offered their congratulations to Chief of
Police Hodgkins and Night Police Cap
tain Peterson upon the skillful work ac
complished.
Chief Sullivan, Captain Seymour and
Chief HodgkirtS had an interview with
Vetsera, during which he related to the
San Francisco officials with circumstantial
detail the part. he had taken in the four
robberies." At .the conclusion , of the in
terview the officers from this city declared
that they were satisfied beyond any doubt
of the truth of the young man's remark
able narrative. Chief Sullivan's opinion
was that the story was a strange tale,
but marked absolutely with the surest evi
dence of truth.
The youth's reasons for concealing cer
tain facts were, in their opinion, amply
justified. He had desired above all else to
prevent his parents from securing any
dlrect Information concerning his plight.
Not, indeed, because of himself, but fearing
with evident alarm the effect of the shock
upon his mother. Ignorant of the, scope
of publicity which would surround the
news of his arrest the boy was ostrich
like in trying to hide his head, believing
that he would sufficiently conceal himself
from the kinsfolk far across the sea.
Charges of assault with Intent to rob
will be made against Vetsera to-day.
Chief Hodgkins requested Charles S.
Greene, librarian of the Oakland Free
Library, and Harris Allen, who were held
up Saturday night, to swear to com
plaints against the youth on Tuesday
morning. Allen positively identified the
young man yesterday and Greene partial
ly recognized the prisoner from his voice.
Allen's identification was complete, rec
ognizing both voice, general bearing and
garments.
Mr. Greene said: "When I was halted
the young man stepped out from the trees'
shadow, pointed a pistol at me and com
manded me to throw up my hands. In
stead of obeying I started to run, and as
I- made off I heard the snap of a pistol,
but there was no shot fired. I hastened
on down Jackson street to my home. I
think the footpad followed me a few
steps, but to tell the truth I didn't stop
to find out.
"He was not close enough for me to get
as good a view of him as did Mr. Allen.
The latter resides at the same place that
I do. When I walked into the house I
found him teHlng the story of his experi
ence with the robber. It was much more
exciting than mine, although the sensa
tion of having a pistol snapped at one is
by no means the most delightful in the
world.
"Mr. Allen was some distance ahead of
me when he was stopped, just as I was.
He resisted and the highwayman tried to
tear open his overcoat to reach for his
watch."
"I resisted," said Allen, "and during the
tussle the footpad twice pulled the trigger
of his pistol, but there was no shot. I
made haste when I had broken away from
his hold, but during the struggle I had a
pretty fair idea of the man and there was
no difficulty in identifying him."
The two charges to be lodged against
Vetsera mean imprisonment for him,
should he plead guilty, of from one to
fourteen years on each accusation. That
seems to be a matter of no concern to
Vetsera. His only desire appears to be
that he shall speedily be sent to the peni
tentiary.
In view of Vetsera's moody condition
and his repeated threats to commit sui
cide, Chief Hodgkins has placed a special
watch upon the lad. Tne police will com
municate to-day with the Austrian Con
sulate, unless some official from that of
fice shall present himself at the police
headquarters in Oakland beforehand. So
far as the police are concerned, the weak
est point In the story Is the young man's
evident satisfaction with his manner of
living for the six months of his associa
tion with his female companion. He ad
mitted that he had not worked during
that time, although he declared in almost
the same breath that had he never met
this charmer he would have continued in
his menial employment at Los Angeles.
Vetsera Insisted that he had no murder
In his heart when he set forth on his ma
rauding expedition in Oakland. He ex
plained that while he had snapped his
pistol several times at Harris Allen dur
ing their tussle at' Fourteenth and Jack
son streets Saturday evening, Allen would
not have been shot.
."I fixed the pistol," said the lad, "so
the cartridge cylinder would not revolve
and ' the hammer rested on an empty
chamber. I took the lock pin and thrust
it through the empty chamber and that
locked the cylinder. I did not want to
kill any one. . .__ „ ._
the use of that? I knew what would be
his answer. He is my mother's brother,
so has not my family name.
"After that— l think last Friday week—
my last cent was gone and I could not
get any more clothes, because the land
lord held them for my room rent. A pair
of shoes went for the pistol and I started
out determined to get money some way
or another. . ;
"I made up my mind if I was caught
by a policeman to kill myself rather than
go to jail. Sunday night I started out
with my pistol and handkerchief. I didn't
use any mask tho first night. I was hun
gry enough to do most anything, but I
decided to ask the man I met for money.
This man was, according to the newspa
pers I read the next day, Edward North
rup. He was with a lady.- Wljat attract
ed my attention was 'a big diamond he
wore. Stepping up to him I said: 'Good
evening. Could you let me have 10 cents.'
" 'Get out, d n you,' was the reply.
"Then I showed the pistol and that
made him go into his pockets. He handed
me 35 cents. The lady with, him offered
me her purse.
"I told her that I did not want her
money. That night I spent 25 cents for
lodging and 10 cents for supper. The next
day I went about the streets hungry and
half crazy. I said to myself: 'If you are
lucky you may catch some rich fellow,
get enough money and then go away to
the mines.'
"Monday night I went out again in the
Western Addition and held up the man I
learned was John J. Deane. I put on the
mask and hid behind the trees. When he
came along I jumped out at him. He was
with a lady. When I asked him for money
he handed me a couple of dollars mighty
quick, saying: 'Put that gun away; those
holes look too big.'
"The next man was Rodgers, on Tues
day night. I really did not mean to shoot
him. The pistol went off accidentally, I
guess. The pistol went off when he ran
out into the street. I don't think he was
half as badly. scared as I was. I was so
frightened that I could not have fired the
pistol again if I had tried to.
"That hold-up was out on Jackson
street, or a street on which cable cars
were running, for there was one half way
down the block when the cartridge ex
ploded.
"The last man I held up was Sidemann,
the newspapers call him. There were five
men around the street corner when he
knocked the money he gave me out of my
hand.
"He said when I stepped up to him with
my mask on and put the pistol toward
" 'No, I am not; give me your money.'
" 'Oh, take off that handkerchief and
come take a drink,' he said.
" 'Give me your money
"Then he realized that I wasn't joking.
In handing me some coin he hit the back
of my hand and knocked the money on the
sidewalk. I stooped to pick up what I
could, about a dollar I should think,
then I started off. Somebody cried 'Stop
that robber,' but the men 6n the corner
did not want any robber and I heard one
say, 'I'll not go after him.'.
"The little money I got soon went, and
after borrowing 25 cents in San Francisco
I started for Oakland Saturday morning,
spending my last cent to come over on the
creek boat. I began to be afraid that if
I kept on in the city I might be captured.
I really did not care very much, because
I would have killed myself if I got a
chance. I had much the same experience
in Oakland as in San Francisco, 'but the
people I held up got away from me. I
was too nervous to do much, if anything,
and I was getting weak from lack of
food.
"I am glad to be here. It is better than
walking the streets. How long will it
take for me to be sent to San Quentin?"
asked Vetsera of Chief Hodgkins.
"Oh, a week or so," was the reply.
VI want to go there as quickly as pos
sible. I might have a better chance to put
a hole in my head."
"But do you not want to go home
again?" .
"Yes: but it would not do for me to go
now after this. I could not go home.
"Besides, there is no use in trying to get
help from my people. The Consul might
be able to fix some bonds for me, but my
folks wouldn't care to spend thousands of
dollars. I shall try to end my life as soon
as possible. Then It will all be over."
So far as he would disclose, Vetsera In
dicated that his parents were wealthy and
had large estates of ancient title. He said
there were two other brothers— one a year
younger than himself, now in a military
school at Vienna,' the other a second lieu
tenant of Hussars.' There is one sister, 8
years old.
The young man had accomplishments
before his' four years of hard knocking
about the world dulled him. He had part
ly mastered French, German, Russian,
Polish arid English before he fled from the
Stettin academy.
The police are undecided to-day whether
BLOOD OFF AUSTRIAN NOBILITY MAY
FLOW IN FOOTPAD VETSERA'S VEINS
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 30, IOOOKg
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII-XO. 161.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL5. / Order by mail it you can't come in — If you 2a£
**v \\ / li ve across the bay leave the order in the morn- £J
' ing — get a parcel check and everything O. K. "/*
i$ without a hitch when you call at night. Ja
R( V Free writing conveniences, free postals, free telephone, f >
free delivery. jt
I V Five floors full of wantable merchandise. X \
H Flour Sale 75c Gelatin 3 pi<gs for 25c «^
$C Fancy family flour «ck McKinley American ifi
<*& regular ooc — 50-lb sack brand — you will like it vj;
L* one sack to a customer as good as" any you ever fc>.
V; 3 days' sale used— 3 days sale -Tt
t Delivered tree in Oakland, Alameda J^.'
x J and Berkeley Frilit for Pi CSC S 3 for 25C +%
Jt\ _, . r TrT . Good, dean, unsweet- e n %
M . Breakfast Wheat ened fruit — apples, ¦£*
V* t r> Ike for om plums, grapes, peaches i<£
,«{ I 2 lt)S Jor 2 5 C 2}lbtin— everybody J$
\ Cream— 3*c 1b grade likes pies— 3 days sale
> v n 3 days' sale . Wjj
Fishing Poles $1 Jj
Hi Seedless Raisins lOC Here is a 3 days' bar- =a %t
;< Fancy brand-bleached 1b SSiSU^ "~ X
3 "Sultana"-lar g e sound oufy/c Soles .VciaTh ft*
f, and clean— regularise our 75c poles 55c each
alb-three days Trout Flies 15c $
f> Currant Jelly 1 2#C Impeml- 3 days v do, £i
rv The famous Fidelity tin Ghirardelli's ??
i£ brand— 2-lb tin— pure >->i i* \1
$j fruit juice— 3 days' sale Chocolate 25c \$
Nf 01 jj j YTri- Ground— i-Ib tin— pkj
Vy Shredded Wheat ready the minute you ,'5
\*< Ri"cr*nir tt/* add boiling milk— handy ti>
,j, ±$ISCUIt lIC to have— regular 30c— \Z
f j 3 days sale PkBP k 8 3 days' sale £
AN OBJECT LESSON.
In a Restaurant.
A physician puts the query: Have you
never noticed in any large restaurant at
lunch or dir.ner time the large number of
hearty> vigorous old men at the tables;
men whose ages run from CO to 80 years,
many of them bald and all perhaps gray,
but none of them feeble or senile?
Perhaps the spectacle is so common as
to have escaped your observation or com-
ment, but nevertheless It Is an object les-
son which mean? something.
If you will notice what these hearty old
fellows are eating you will observe that
they are not munching bran crackers nor
gingerly picking their way through a
menu card of new f angled health foods;
on the contrary, they seem to prefer a
Juicy roast of beef, a properly turned loin
of mutton and even the deadly broiled lob-
ster is not altogether Ignored. *
The point of all this is that a vigorous
old age depends upon good digestion and
plenty of wholesome food, and not upon
dieting and an endeavor to live upon bran
crackers.
There Is a certain class of food cranks
who seem to believe that meat, coffee and
many other good things are rank poisons.
but these cadaverous, sickly looking indi-
viduals are a walking condemnation of
their own theories.
The matter in a nutshell is that If the
stomach tecretes the natural digestive
JuJces in sufficient quantity any whole-
some food will be promptly digested; if
the stomach does not do so, and certain
foods cause distress one or two of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets after each meal will re-
move all difficulty, because they supply
Just what every weak stomach lacks, pep-
sin, hydrochloric acid, diastase and nux.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do not act
upon the bowels, and Jn fact are not
ftrictly a medicine, as they act almost en-
tirely upon the food eaten, digesting it
thoroughly, and thus give a much needed
rest, and giving an appetite for the next
meal.
Of people who travel nine out oi ten use
etuarfß Dyspepsia Tablets, knowing: them
to be perfectly safe to use at any time,
and also having found out by experience
that they are a safeguard against indi-
gestion in any form, and eating, as they
have to, at all hours and all kinds of
food, the traveling public for years have
pinned their faith to Stuart's Tablets.
All drugpisns sell them at 50 cents for
full sized packages, and any druggist from
Maine to California, if his opinion were
asked, will Bay that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablet* is the most popular and suc^ssful
remedy tor any stomach trouble.
LONDON. April 30—5 a. m.— The only
dispatch from Lord Roberts pub
lished yesterday was the usual list
of deaths and sicknesses. The Hood
of newspaper dispatches to-day de
scribing the recent operations
throws no light whatever upon the pres
ent position of affairs or upon the great
(luestion as to when the main advance is
to begin. The Standard's announcement
that General French's cavalry is return
ing to Bloemfontein is clear proof that
there is no further hope of catching the
retreating Boers, and the London papers
are beginning to display impatience at the
practical failure of the elaborate opera
tions of last week.
The Standard says: "It is dishearten
ing to find that these elaborate maneuvers
have had co small a result."
The Daily Chronicle remarks: "We are
reluctant to criticize Lord Roberts, but it
Is impossible to shut our eyes to the fact
that, during the last ten days, we have
gained very little from our enormous dis
play of force."
Without doubt, these operations have
been of a very exhausting nature and will
entail further delay. The Bloemfontein
correspondent of the Times, wriiing on
March 3, after the Paardcberg affair, de
scribes Lord Roberts' army as a "wreck,"
because it was without horses nnd with
out transport. The Bloemfontein cor
respondent of the Post speaks now of the
urgent need, at present and always, of
more horses.
Long Blames His Superiors.
The Daily Mail publishes a statement
from Colonel Long, who was blamed for
the loss of guns at Colenso, that in ad
vancing the guns as he did he merely
obeyed orders, and that the staff was
quite ignorant of the proximity of the
Boer positions.
The sudden decision of the Boer peace
delegates to go to America is attributed
to the fact that the Government of the
Netherlands, after sounding all the Euro
pean capitals, told them they had nothing
to hope for from Europe.
Colonel Dalgety's force at Wepener
numbered 1700. His losses during the
sieg«" were thirty killed and 149 wounded.
It is reported that there was an artillery
engagement yesterday at Karee Siding,
but no details have been received.
The Morning Post's Bloemfontein corre
spondent, in a dispatch dated Saturday,
protests against Mr. Wyndham's reply in
the House of Commons, which undertook
to disconnect the delay in Lord Roberts'
advance from the lack of horses. He
Bays:
"On the contrary, the necessity for a
large and ever increasing supply of re
mounts cannot be too urgently Insisted
on. The sacrifice of horseflesh in the
past is as nothing when compared with
the possibilities of the future. The area
across which a cavalry screen must be
thrown will necessitate 'an immense
strain, and the consequent gaps must be
filled as soon as they occur. For another
month the grass will be worth next to
nothing, and the continuous feeding of
horses on nitrogenous matter is sure to
cause lameness and kindred diseases aris
ing from hot blood.
"The Sixth. Seventh. Ninth and Elev
enth divisions will participate probably in
the direct advance. The transport of the
Sixth Division will be utilized to provide
the mounted Infantry, hut the trans
port of the Third Division will possibly
supply its place. There are rumors that
the advance will be made in many col
umns, but I don't anticipate much sub
division."
Botha's Good Generalship.
The Bloemfontein coirespondent of the
Times under Saturday's date, describing
General Botha's good generalship which
enabled the Boers to evade the Intended
cordon, says:
"General Botha arrived at Dewetsdorp
Monday and immediately detached a com
mando to oppose General French's cav
alry: We appear to have been forestalled
by Botha by just twenty-four hours. Ac
cording to the latest reports from Thaba
Nchu, the enemy is still withdrawing their
guns and wagons."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Morning Post, telegraphing Friday, says:
"From a Boer official In the commissa
riat I have been told some Interesting de
tails. The Boers had in December 60.000
men. In March they had barely 26.5f1^
having lost SOOO in killed or wounded aU
CSOQ In captured. The others are not ac
counted for. but have probably returned
to their farms. The official who gave the
information predicts that the approach of
winter will produce further wholesale
shrinkage. He says the Boers are short
of wagons, wheat and smokeless powder,
but that they have plenty of other stores
and rifle ammunition. They are not like-
Iv, however, to offer serious resistance,
as they possess no positions this side of
Pretoria that are not capable 6f being
turned by the British army. Moreover,
the Vaal River offers no protection and,
besides, is fordable every dozen miles or
so The official thinks a determined ad
vance by the British would lead the
Boers to destroy the Johannesburg mines.
Their cleverest general, he cays, is De
iarey, although Botha is a man of great
ability. None of the Boer commanders,
in his opinion, can be compared with the
late General Joubert."
Boers Again "Discouraged."
The Standard's correspondent at Bloem
fontein, telegraphing Sunday evening,
says:". ... .; - •- * ¦ • •• ¦ ¦ ¦, .
"Reports have just been received' that
the Boers are .retiring, to^the.' north .of
Ladybrand. Their horses are exhausted
and they themselves disappointed over
their failure to capture Colonel Dalgety's
position. The British cavalry, who were
pursuing the fugitive commandos, are re
turning to nioomfontein."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Standard, telegraphing Sunday, says:
"The Boers have taken every advantage
ft the mountainous nature of the country
which marks the line of their retreat to
Ladybrand. The task of driving them is
difficult and it i 3 doubtful whether they
can be reduced to submission in a district
so favorable to their tactics. I have
visited a British outpost, the one nearest
Brandfort. Tile lioers nhow the deepest
anxiety to learn the probable line of our
advance and they declare that they will
not fire a shot from Brandfort, as they
wi?h to save the town from bombardment.
The enemy are intrenched on the hills
southeast of Brandfort. but they are not
likely to make any serious stand until we
reach Kroonstad."
The Durban correspondent of the Stand
ard, tciepraphing Saturday, says:
"It is reported on goo<* authority that
the Klerksdorp commando has left Big
garsbcrg to assist in opposing the relief
column."
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle, telegraphing Saturday,
says:
a cavalry reeonnolssance twenty-five
miles northeast encountered 400 Boers.
The British drove them out of a kopjo
north of Karee. Our outposts are still
harassed by moving commandos. In an
outpost affair on Thursday several Boers
were killed. The enemy will certainly
make a stand at Kroonstad. where they
have constructed miles of trenches."
CANADIANS FOUGHT
WELL AT ISRAELSPOORT
LONDON, April 29.— A special dispatch
from Thaba Nchu. dated Thursday, de
scribing the fight at Israelspoort, which is
about seven miles west of Thaba Xchu,
says:
"Three hundred Boers were recently in
trenched on two kopjes. The place of
honor was given to the Canadians, who
advanced very cleverly under their dash
ing commander. Colonel Otter. The Boors
reserved their fire until the Canadians
had reached the wire entanglements. Then
they opened with a terrific hail of bul
lets.
"The Canadians, however, had taken
good cover and were not greatly .lam
aged They were ably supported in the
assault by the Grahamstown Horse Suc
cessive rushes brought them right 'up to
the kopjes, when Colonel Otter was Vruck
twice, one ball Inflicting a nasty but not
<? igerous wound In the neck, and the
other tearing the bandages from his
shoulder. But he still cheered his men
on until the kopjes were carried. The
Boers bolted. The British losses were
twenty in killed and wounded."
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from Thaba
Ischu describing the same engagement
says:
"The British artillery shelled the kopjes
all day from three positions. The Boers
positions were extremely well chosen con.
sisting of a long range of very precipitous
hills, with narrow poorts (passes) between
commanding a vast extent of country. The
mounted infantry made a wide turning
movement, while the foot infantry ad
vnnced to within 200 yards under good
shelter.
"During the afternoon the battle became
peneral and extended over a frontage of
ten miles. The rifle. Maxim and artillery
firing was deafening. At 3 o'clock (he
Canadians advanced in open order, biit
mooting a terrific fire they took shelter in
a cor.pa. When they finally captured th*
kepje the Boers were seen retiring north
ana east with wagons, and subsequently,
v/hen the infantry made a dash, the rest
of the enemy flred a few shots and cleared
olf.
"On occupying Thaba Nchu we found
the stores and hotels looted by the Boers.
Th" natives complain of having their
horses and cattle stolen and of cruel treat
ment. The English residents were sub
jected to taunts and insults.
"I learn that yesterday Boer reinforce
rrfints from Brandfort came too late to
a.^F-st their comrades. We found a helio
erraphlc message from President Steyn to
General Botha, saying it was Inadvisable
to smd more troops to Fourteen Streams,
as the Federals were already too weak
between Bloemfontein at«d Kroonstadt
am", because there were 50,000 British at
lUcrmfontein. The farmers around here
hpve all been forced, to rejoin the enemy.
Most of them have taken their sheep and
cattle along."
BOERS CONCENTRATING
AROUND LADYBRAND
BLOEMFONTEIN. April 29.— The recent
operations have tended to clear the mili
tary situation. General Pole-C-arew, pass-
Ing through the country, has brought
home to the Free Staters the fact that
the policy of leniency has been abandoned.
Besides seizing the stock of farmers, who,
after having given their submission, were
found fighting, he commandeered all the
available forage, giving receipts- for .the
same, and this will prevent the Boers
using the resources of the country.
The Boors are evidently returning in or
der to concentrate for opposing the Brit
ish advance. Now that Thaba Nchu, as
well as the approaches, is strongly held,
Ladybrand. with- the unfriendly Basutoa
lining the border, is rendered a position of
extreme danger for the Boers, the gravity
of which will be accentuated from the
moment the British advance begins.
It is understood that the Brttish.f-.will
continue to hold Thalia Nchu; owing 1 to Its
strategic .importance . and especially, with
a view of checking future raids.' The com
mandos that had recently been operating
In the direction of Thaba Nchu are znelt-
SON OF PROFESSOR GEORGE
DAVIDSON HANGS HIMSELF
Deceased Had Suffered for Some Time
From a Peculiar Brain Af
fection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. April 29.— George H. Davidson,
son of Professor Davidson, the scientist,
of San Francisco, committed suicide on
Saturday afternoon by hanging himself.
The deed -was committed In the Infirmary
of the State Hospital for the Insane,
where the deceased had been under treat
ment for some time. For some time past
he had suffered from a peculiar mental
affliction and had become convinced that
he was losing his mind. To this fact is
attributed the suicide.
Davidson had been in the care of At
tendant G. C. Fly. He asked for some
thing to eat and Fly went to the kitchen
to procure some food. When he returned
he found his patient dead. He had tied
hla handkerchief about his neck and af
fixed the other end to the bars of his cell
Mr. Davidson was 38 years of age and
unmarried.
CASH orCREDIT.
Furniture, Carpets, Mattings,
ETO.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN ALL LINE -
It will pay you to Inspect our stock
and prices.
Estimates given en complete, house
furnishing. /
Goods delivered free within 100 miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
NEAR POWEUU
Open Evenings.
RECONNOITERING WITH GENERAL FRENCH'S COLUMN— BOERS IN SIGHT.
ing away, the Boers quietly returning to
their farms, and many of them taking
the oath of allegiance. Experience has
shown, however, in many cases that this
is only a pretense to enable the Boers to
create disturhances on the rear . of the
British, and -vigorous measures will prob
ably be necessary to force disarmament.
BISHOP HARTZELL
LAUDS THE BRITISH
NEW YORK, April 29.— Bishop Hart
zell, the missionary bishop to Africa of
the Methodist Episcopal Church in this
country, preached, this morning at St
Paul's M. E. Church. He arrived in New
York Saturday, having just returned from
a tour through West and South Africa.
Speaking of the situation in Africa Bishop
Hartzell expresses satisfaction over the
success of the three great powers, Eng
land. France and Germany in parceling
out the Dark Continent without wars re
sulting ar/iong the nations of Europe. He
said: ..
England— God bless her!— the friend of mis
sions everywhere, with Germany, France and
come of the smaller powers. Is brinKlnj; the
Influence of strong, just government to bear
on regions which never knew law before. Only
recently a German official of hiph rank mur
dered his native sirl servant. He was tried
and sentenced to some punishment. The sen
tence was submitted to the Kaiser and he re
fused to sanction it because the penalty > was
not sufficiently severe. A few years ago noth
ing would ever have been done about such a
murder at all. but now the German Emperor
feels that his standing as a Christian . monarch
requires that Justice be done.
Speaking of the South African war he
said:
Don't be alarmed about that war. It Is
simply one of the Incidents In the history of
tho continent. The Boers as a people are not
fighting the British. Only a small fringe Is
disaffected. Premier Schrelner take B pride In
his loyalty to the Queen. Out of that war will
come unity. I see it clearly— a unity based on
prounds of mutual respect. The Boers In Cape
Colony are far better off than those of the
north, and those who are now fighting will be
far better oft when they are livlns under a
truly republican form of government, which
they don't have now.
It was announced that Bishop Hartzell
had received extensive concessions from
the British authorities in South Africa.
He said that ho believed that he had re
ceived the most extensive grant of land
for missionary purposes ever made. He
now wishes to secure $20,000 to $25,000 a
year to carry on the work.
TREVES SAYS WOMEN
NURSES ARE A PLAGUE
Special Dieoatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The World has
the following from London: Frederick
Treves, the famous surgeon who just re
turned from the war, was entertained, to
gether with Sir William MacCormac, at a
banquet at the Reform Club last night,
presided over by Lord Rosebery. Mr.
Treves took occasion to administer a
stinging rebuke to the "smart" women
suffering from Khaki fever who have
gone as alleged nurses to the front. He
said:
"So far as the sick are concerned, there
are only two plagues in South Africa— the
plague of flies and the plague of women.
The flies we get rid of by horsehair wisps
and other appliances, and the files at least
depart at night. But the women are ab
solutely and really a terror. They came
out in the guise of amateur nurses, after
having exhausted every other form of ex
citement. Considering that we are en
gaged in a war, the number of well
dressed ladles at Cape Town and else
where giving picnics Is a blot on the cam
paign."
This onslaught on the latest fad of smart
society electrified the audience and is cer
tain to provoke bitter recriminations. But
It is known, all the same, that Mr. Treves
is perfectly Justified.
BEGBIE CHARGED WITH
ARSENAL EXPLOSION
LOJJDON, April 29— A dispatch to the
Dally Mail from Johannesburg, dated
Thursday, April 26, says:
"Personal examination at the scene of
the Begbie works disaster shows that the
foundry -was destroyed by the explosion
beyond repair, probably, this aide of the
declaration of peace, although the shell
making plant may be transferred to an
other.' foundry.
"It is said that seventeen workmen ar«
still unaccounted for. Mr. Begble Is
charged with murder. He is suspected by
the.Boers of having blown up his .works,
which cost $400,000, In order to revenge
himself for the affront of being. compelled
to manufacture munitions of war for the
enemy."" • •¦ - - - •
PATRIOTS HOLD HILLS
EAST OF THABA NCHU
THABA NCHU, April 30.— General
French sent the Third and Fourth Cavalry
brigades on separate reconnoissances
around the hills east of the town. The
enemy, It was found, held the hills strong
ly, though evidently only a rear guard, as
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine ' Tablets. AU
drusKists refund tbe money It It falls to cure.
E. W. Grovw's signature Is on each box. Sic.
STRIKE THAT
MAY TIE UP
MANY LINES
Trouble on the New York
Central Threatens to
Spread.
AN ULTIMATUM SUBMITTED.
Leaders of the Railway Employes
Give the Company Until 1 OClock
This Afternoon to Grant
Their Demands.
BUFFALO. N. V.. April 29.— The strik
ing employes «f the New York Central
have given the company until to-morrow
at 1 p. m. to smut th-Mr demands. If the
concessions are not n:ade'by that time it
is the inU-r.tion of 4 the strike leaders to
extend the strike, and they predict that It
will br the largest in the history of rail
roads in the Kast. They claim that all
they have to <lo is to remove tiie restraint
under which they have been holding rail
road men and that it then will run
through the entire New York Central sys
tem in the State and cripple neariy every
road entering: Buffalo.
A strike leader said to-night that he and
his followers had arranged their plans so
nicely that within twenty-four hours af
ter 1 o'clock to-morrow afternoon 30,uia)
men would join the ranks of the strikeis if
the situation seemed to demand it.
The New York Central strikers say that
they have induced others to delay action
pending a reply from the officials of the
road.
The members of the Board of Mediation
and Arbitration conceded to-day that the
situation was grave, and they did not dis
puise their belief that a great railroad
strike is imminent.
An important conference was held to
day between Commissioners Delebaoty
and Webster of the State Board of Media
tion and Arbitration and the committee of
the strikers headed by Chairman A. M.
Fish. At the request of the arbitrators
the rock-bottom term? which the men are
willing to accept from the New York Cen
tral were presented. They are identical
with the original demand, including a
general increase in wages and the re
employment of the old union men who
were discharged. In response to the ques
tion as to whether a suggestion to com
promise would be accepted, the reply was
a prompt negative, and that there would
be no settlement until the reads agreed to
a uniform scale of wages. Commissioner
Dclehanty urged that this plan be aban
doned until after an effort had been made
to adjust difficulties with th" New York
Central. To this the executive committee
agreed, and it was arran «d that Commis
sioner Delehanty should start for New
York at once in order to oonf<*r with i«u
perinter.dent of Motive Power Wait of
the New York Central the lirst thing to
morrow morning.
Commissioner Delehar.ty is to telegraph
Mr. Wait's reply to Chairman Fish of the
etrikere' executive committee.
To-night the conductors, trainmen and
brakemt-n of the New York Central an
nounced that they would refuse to work
on the pround that the oar inspection,
which was perforrm <1 by the men now on
strike, is now inadequate and a menace
to life and limb. Five hundred freißht
house and yard employes of the New
York Central, the Delaware. Laekawanna
ar.d Western «nd the Western New York
and Pennsylvania roads also announce
that they will Join the strikers to-mor
row.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAPE NOME
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' F"OR THE
fe^ CAPE NOME
IWSt GOLD FIELDS.
Th» Ne-» and Palatial Steel SteamiMto
"Will Ball From San Francisco UAI Uta ta» »*•
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leaving there May IJtU. Su6sa«
qurnt trips will be from Seattle direct nam^r-
Jui* nst. July list and August 20tH- »•"¦"!
SMS ara advised to Inspect the Senator *>"£*
purchasing tickets via other jteamers. «* a-r
second-class and steerage aecomswca"'"*" "'
•upertor to taa first-class accummoJatioas o-»
most cf the steamers advertised for >-''//•
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company nas o- -•»
runnia* Its vteamers to Alaska-*'"-- ££
summer— fcr J5 yearn and U tba Pi^f?* r?
clflc Coast Line. For further infcrrr.a- M g™;
quire of J- F. TROWBRIDOE. Oc "' hl r£ca
Bes>ttla. Wash. N. POSTON. 8« W*rtUi^c3
St.. Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. £-• ft , e " p^.
end St.. Los Anseles. CaL °°° D .yt?eome«!
KINB * CO.. Gen. Agents. 4 New UJgeomuJl
st,crU Market St.. eaa Francisco, «*.
DEATH OF LUTHER TITUS.
Well-Known Racing Man Passes
Away at Pasadena.
PASADENA. April 23.— Luther H. Titus,
the well-known racing man and Btock
raiscr. died to-day at his home near this
city. He was 77 years of age, and had
been ailing for two months past with
dropsy. Titus came here about thirty
years ago from New York. Ho bought
pevfral hundred acres of land at San
Gabriel and improved it, raiting stock and
later importing wmp racehorses. He
brought Llchn. of Hambietonian stock, to
his ranch. He raised Direct, the crack
pacing FtaJlion. and sold him when a colt
to Monroe Salisbury. Each year Titus
used to take a string to Saratoga, and he
came to be recognized as one of the rac
ing men of the country-
WARLIKE MEASURES.
Chilean Government Will Send a Bat
tleship to the Port of Arica,
Special cable to Th* Ca'.l airl New York Her
ald. Copyright, 19*. by the Herald Pub
lishine Company.
VALPARAISO. April 29.— The Chilean
Government ha? dAcidM to send a battle
ship and a torpr-do boat to the port of
Arica. which is in dispuw-d territory.
NO MORE DREAD OF THE
DENTAL CHAIR.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FIL>t*ED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our la:»
scientific method applied to the gums. SO
sleep-producitiß agenta or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors tn Kan
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCE
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply «oM
irowns and porcelain crowns undetectable fr-ru
natural teeth, and warranted for ten year;".
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set c,t
teeth $5, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Oold crowns. $3. Gold fillings. JL Silver fill-
ings, 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, an<l
each department In charge of a specialist. Giva
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advanc«
exactly what your work will cost by a FREI3
EXAMINATION.
no transport was visible. The Boers are
now holding a vast steep row of hills to
the east.
Olivier Beported Wounded.
ALIWAL NORTH. April 29.-U is re
ported that Commandant Olivier was
wounded at Wepener last Monday. „
Six New . Zealanders, while scouting,
fought six Boers, killing three and wound
ing three. One New Zealander was
wounded.
Boer Peace Commission Coming.
THE HAGUE, April 29.— The members
of the Boer peace commission will sail
from Rotterdam for the United States
next Thursday evening by the Holland-
American line steamship Maasdam. Dr.
Lcyds and Dr. Mueller will not accom
pany the delegates. The delegates will
visit Amsterdam to-morrow.
To View an Eclipse.
ATLANTA. Ga., April 23.— Senior
Astronomer W. W. Campbell and' Assist
ant Perrine of Lick Observatory. Cali
fornia, arrived in Atlanta to-day, en
route to Thomaston. where they will se
lect and establish a station for observing
the solar eclipse on May 28.
FRENCH HAS ABANDONED
PURSUIT OF THE BOERS
Failure of Recent Movements Arouses Re
newed Criticism in England of Lord
Roberts' Generalship.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NINE LIVES LOST
AT PARIS FAIR
Temporary Bridge Crashes Down
Upon Sightseers*
Fatal Disaster Mars the Sabbath and
Brings Censure Upon the Heads
of Careless Officials.
PARIS, April 29.— Nine persons were
killed and a like number seriously Injured
by the collapse of a temporary bridge at
the exposition grounds to-day. The bridge
was built across an avenue at the fair
grounds, and as it was not yet completed
no one was permitted upon it but the ex
position officials neglected to guard the
lives of visitors by preventing them pass
ing underneath. The structure collapsed
under its own weight, and the timbers
went crashing down upon the throng on
the avenue below. Five persons were
killed outright. and four others died soon
after they were extricated from the ruins.
To-day's was probably the record at
tendance. Not merely the interior of the
grounds but the precincts also were
crowded, and the concourse was partic
ularly great along the Avenue de Sufren.
which forms the northern boundary of
the grounds. Here is situated a big side
show, the Celestial Globe. A footbridge,
on which the finishing touches were being
put to-day, crosses the Avenue de Sufren,
connecting the side show with the exhi
bition It was constructed of wood, with
a stucco facade and with i plaster-made
tower at each end.
Strangely enough, the bridge had been
condemned only this morning. The public
was therefore not allowed to go upon the
structure, and in this way a disaster even
more terrible than that which occurred
was averted.
Crashes Down Upon the Crowd.
The pay crowd was passing along the
avenue and some hundred or more persons
were walking beneath the bridge, when
suddenly an ominous crash was heard.
Before those underneath could turn aside
the structure fell with a fearful crash,
burying nearly fifty.
A shout of horror arose from the spec
tators and mingled with the cries of the
victims. For a moment nothing could be
distinguished but a cloud of dust and plas
ter. A scene of the greatest excitement
and confusion followed. But this was only
for a few seconds. Almost immediately
the crowd attacked the debris in an effort
to release those lying beneath.
The workmen within the grounds who
had witnessed the accident, the police and
the Republican Guards, together with
quite a number of soldiers, joined in the
rescue work. The promenaders forgot
their Sunday attire and covered them
selves with dirt and grime in tearing;
away the rubbish with their hands. Wood- ;
en beams and poles were brought from th© j
half-finished buildings near by and were
used as levers to raise the fallen mass.
The victims first recovered were mostly
I only injured, the dead being found later
beneath the center of the structure.
Messengers were dispatched to bring
firemen and sappers, with their equip
ments, and the first body was found after
! a quarter of an hour's frantic labor. It
j was that of a little girl about 7 years old,
| whose head was horribly crushed. Victim
! after victim was brought to light until a
I row of six mutilated corpses had been
j placed upon the sidewalk and a dozen
I other persona, some badly and others less
1 seriously injured, had been carried in am
bulances or driven to the hospitals.
A family composed of father, mother
and two girls narrowly escaped destruc
tion. The parents, who happened to be a
little ahead, had gone under the bridge,
the children following Just at the moment
of the collapse. The parents were killed,
but the children sprang back and escaped
with a few scratches. A cyclist's wheel
was smashed, but himself escaped unhurt.
The dead are five men, three women and
one child. The weighty plaster towers
seem to have been responsible for the fall ,
of the structure.
Relief Work at Once Begun.
Commissioner General Plckard and other
high officials of the exposition arrived
shortly after the accident and superin
tended the work of relief. President Lou
bet sent an officer of his household for In
formation. Several soldiers were among
the injured and many of their comrades
were foremost in giving assistance".
The disaster was the leading topic of
discussion in the cafes and at the other
Paris resorts this evening, and strong
criticism was leveled against the exposi
tion authorities for having allowed an un
finished structure to be used, fears being
expressed that the incomplete state of the
works within the exposition grounds
themselves might lead to a similar acci
dent. It should be said, however, that the
exhibition authorities were not responsi
ble for the defective construction of the
footbridge, which was erected by the man
agement of the Celestial Globe.
As a result of the accident M. Lepine,
Prefect of Police, has ordered the closing
of several side shows, the structural ar
rangements of which are considered dan
gerous.
Several of the morning papers pro
nounce severe criticisms upon the care
lessness of exposition officials. The Matin
says: "Those who dt-n't think of prevent
ing the public from passing under a card
board bridge after themselves having
recognized It as unsafe, and those who
have opened attractions to visitors which
are not protected against fire, are guilty
of crime."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1900.
iSP^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLC-REXOWNH)
"Martietlo ElaJtlo Truss" I>r- Pierce ***• ta
the public the moit remarkable remedy rrer
discovered for th* successful treatment of Her*
nla. or Runtnre. Thousands of •uff»reriihaT«
been permanently relieved and radically CTJRKO
by this «xeat appliance, and thousands of otter*
ar* now on the road to complete recovery. ThU
Truss ta different from aU others. It doe* ta*
W Tou ! Mifttinr "BOOKIJST No. 1" by eaU-
Inr at th* office, or It will b* sent on receipt <?J
r^-Sent -tunik It tells all about thU Trus*.
'magnetic elastic truss co.,
CISO Market Street (Opposite Palac* Hofl).
Ban Francisco.
Eastern Orflce— New York City-
Jf o PLATES &»jisg^«^
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street, S. F.
HOURS. 8 to J; SUNDAYS. 10 to i.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
Let the big J
store make \
an estimate
on your
Alaskan outfit. ]
food, clothing
and utensHs.
' Everything
under one roof.
Goods properly
packed and del-
ivered on time, i
lJ* *" OoUScn^aSe Baza»r.'|j
<m^#R4£%»£«h m Biz «to » oen.petaono^i
3a '^^isJ remedy for Uonorrniri.
Gleet, Sp«cnatorthi-\
A'c*j/l3 lu> » <»»»*¦ \J *' hit**, annatarn! lisa
M£ji 3 Ooar»nweJ fh-irtfe*, or any tnflp — -n.j«
¦[*•» jf no» «• •ortotom. tion, ¦ irritation or u.cr-t.
f ¦ ¦JrriTTn" — •*!**¦"¦ tioa p{ nicon ci«t*«
K£aTHt£YA«3 foEKiOHCa, b«ne» Noo-Mtrtngent.
tSrXAciS-mn.LJ E 7^! Sold toy OruKTi»t*.
Vj-A 0" A Jt'i or * f a* lr > P'*'a wi-»cr<r,
JVv^^N- I? expraw. rrepail, fj*
2LtQUOPS-
TI'KICPCV PLATZ BEER. Bethe«da Water.
TT IlljnX I CAHEN & EON. 418 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE HOUSES. \
F RNHAM-STA.SUEFXJIUi CO.. U'«»hlr«tr>n
»ni :»t *tr.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. R. r.
Vet amount paid for Flr« Losses (ln-
* cludln* 12M.7*3 07 los.e« of pre-
vtous years) |1>8 25-JS I!
Dividends to Stockholders 20.CC0 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 631.390 14
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 274.223 54
r-all for State. National and local
taxes 83.1*1 T^
All other payments and expenditures 206.943 »
Total Expenditures ..Cis.s(a 13
Fire.
Louse* Incurred during the year t1.574.C33 i*)
CONCENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acme" Concentrator works
black sand dally. 227 Mission St.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Ravin* Machine. IS9 Fol-
•nra *tr»»t. Oriental Gas Enelr.* Oompajy.
GOL"> SEPARATOR.
Crrtco* OcW Separator and Amalgamator In
«aiir er>«r»tlo«. Wm. H. Birch * Co.. in Ist.
HAMLIN WOULD
GIVE TURKEY'S
RULER A SCARE
Founder of Roberts College
Favors Coercion of the
Sultan.
Believes That the Dispatching of a
Few Warships to the Bosphorous
Would Bring the Porte
to Time.
»
Bpecia' Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 29.— Rev. Cyrus Hamlin.
the founder of Roberts College, told The
Call correspondent to-night that he fa
vored the sending of American warships
to Turkey to enforce the payment of the
indemnity for the rebuilding of the col
lege. He said:
"The Sublime Porte has had little fear
of the United States because the United
States has not insisted that her interests
be protected. Now that this Government
is asserting itself there seems to be more
hope for tne protection of American in
terests and for respect for American Con
suls, but hitherto the Sultan has done
Just about as he pleased without respect
for the wishes of this nation. What this
country ought to do Is to draw a few
stanch war vessels up before the city of
Constantinople and allow her diplomacy
to take the form of a mild insinuation that
there is plenty of shot and shell still un
expended in the holds of the United
States cruisers and battleships. The dem
onstration in front of Constantinople is
worth more than diplomacy. It would
not take the Sultan long to pay then."
Rev. Mr. Hamlin received a letter from
a former Secretary of State saying that
It would be impossible for this country to
demand indemnity and force its payment,
because of the distance of Turkey from
this country
"This has been the great trouble in the
past, and one which is now being over
come by the firm stand taken by this na
tion," he said.
PORTE HAS NOT REPUTED.
Situation as Regards the American
Claims Unchanged.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 23.— The
Porte has not yet replied to the note
handed to Tewfik Pasha, the Turkish For
eign Minister, by the Uhitod States Charge
d'Affaires, Lloyd Griscom. regarding the
indemnity claim, and the situation is un
changed. It is believed In some quarters
that a settlement will yet be made by
means of some arrangement with private
American contractors, concealing the act
ual payment and thus relieving the Otto
man Government from admitting respon
sibility for the losses occasioned at the
time of the massacre.
the proprieties, the builders of the arches
have followed the classic lines
of the Capitol, so that instead
of cheapening the appearance of
that edifice the series of arches and long
rows of festooned columns tend to its
greater adornment. The only thought
which depresses the carnival promoters
to-night is that at this inopportune time
It may rain.
A sky which for weeks has revealed the
clearest blue this afternoon became cloud
ed, and to-night at 7:30 o'clock a light
shower fell. However, It soon subsided,
and the sky at 9 o'clock was once again
bright and clear. Every train Into Sacra
mento to-day brought its quota of visitors,
and it is expected that people will begin
to pour in by thousands to-morrow and
Tuesday, when the floral festival is to oc
cur. The indications are that to-morrow
will mark the beginning of a season of
warm weather, and the young women of
Sacramento will be enabled to appear in
the light dresses which for days they
have had in preparation for the approach
ing event. Sacramento will show off its
wealth of feminine and floral beauty on
Tuesday, and the parade promises to be of
remarkable splendor.
The whole town to-night is wrapped m
red and yellow, and the electric cars have
all they can do to transport the incoming
crowds to. the hotels and other places of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENATE NOT
TO TAKE UP
CANAL BILL
Measure Will Pass the House
on Wednesday but Get
No Farther.
DOOMED FOR THIS SESSION
»
Bepublican Leaders in the Upper
Branch of Congrecn Decide to
•Eliminate It From the
Programme.
»
Special Dispatch to Tts Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Arrii 2» —
When the vote Is taken In the House of
Representatives on Wednesday on the
Nicaraguan canal bill it will be passed
practically unanimously, but It will go no
further during the present session, as the
Republican leaders in the Senate have
definitely determined that it shall not be
put on the legislative programme of the
Senate for this session.
Though there will be little if any oppo
sition to the bill on the final vote in Hie
House of Representatives, a determined
effort will be made to amend it still fur*
ther than is proposed by the Committee
on Interstate and Foreign Commerce.
The amendments striking out direct au
thority for the fortification of the canal
do not so as far ns .some frlenOs of the
administration and of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty would like. They will try to
secure still further modifications of the
bill along the line of guaranteeing the
absolute neutrality of the canal in war
as well as in pea<-e. Efforts will l>e made
also to modify the Nicarapruan route. It
will he urged that in view of the fact
that the Walker Commission is making a
careful study of the Panama rout", as
well as the Nicaraguan route. It would
be advisable to give the President discre
tion between the two routes, so as to en
able him to finally adopt that one whh h
is found by the commission to be the most
advantageous, and also to enable him to
obtain better terms from the Government
of the country or countries through which
the canal will run. It will he pohueri out
that if the Government be free to select
either route the Nicaraguan Government
probably would place few^r obstacles in
the way or granting all that will be de
sired than Irthe President were bound in
advance to construct the canal by the
Nicaraguan route.
THE WEEKLY CALL
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR-
TEXTS AND «. OVERS.
.\f VJLLE * CO.. manufacturers, M«% imu.
ceven. U utd a Camenila »t-
GASOLINE ENGINES.
lIEnCULEB OAF ENGINE WORKS Is fill
tnaur order* for Nome. 141-141 First «t.. 8.
3'U MARKET ST. S.F
WARM DEBATE PROMISED.
Methodist General Conference Di-
vided on Admission of Women.
CHICAGO. April 29.— Rev. David S.
Monroe, secretary of. the Methodist Gen
eral Conference, which meets in Chicago
on Wednesday, declared to-day that the
Question of seating of the provisional del-
DEWEY.STRONG&CO.,
WHISKY.
HIICTF3 DTP CHRISTY A tviSE ComL
UlMCtt nIC- Co.. r7-!2J Eansome St.
GROCERIES *M> PROVISIONS.
Outfit* packed. IRVINE BROS.. £7» Howard.
»>« Fourth. MM Polk and 1441 Stockton. 8. F.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
I>t«rn to know r r >l3 and nave It. to handle
cn-.B'r*rTT:t?lr.ir plat-n. etc.. Central Park.
SILVKR-PLATED MINING PLATES.
GF.T fbem at Dennlrton"s San Francisco Plat-
Ing Work*, ey Mlrston et
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
r.-»¦»»r .-»¦»»» >'n A liuTi'.r*. t HardU plae*. of?
%¦ i»m. ? . tw»«n Futter and Bu»h «tr*#ta.
y W. HELL. Central Platlnc Worn*. »•* *»•«•
•vn •» . S. F. Pbon* Jestl* SSI.
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
cr tea .... d " ri * 5 ...' h . e «5.750.» fZ.ZO.mZi
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
"ar f. 567.551.X3 3. 069. WS 17
Net amount In force
December 31. 1599 3G.K2.7n7 4.M1.0TS n
ROCKERS.
Th* Hrhte«t. cheapest and pmven the best for
placer work. IMl'-j Mission Ft.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion elulce saves golflj competi-
tion Invited. 1751 Uth et., corner Guerrero.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRANS-ATLANTIC TRAVELERS
Furnished Special -Ittendants by the
Pennsylvania System.
The bureau of attendants for trans-Atlantic
travelers established in Jersey City and New
York City twenty years ago by the Pennsyl-
vania System. ha 3 proven a great convenience
to persons making European trips and to
tourists arriving in America at that port. It
will be particularly convenient for visitors to
the Paris Exposition because the departure
docks of most of the Atlantic Steamship Lines
are convenient to the new Jersey City Passen-
ger Station of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company.
This bureau consists of experienced agents
whose duties are to meet passengers arriving
In Jersey City and New York over the Penn-
sylvania Lines and assist them in arranging
for trans-Atlantic trips via any of the steam-
ehlp lines by conducting them to steamships
and aiding In preparations for a trip abroad.
These agents will provide cabs operated by
the Pennsylvania System and aid passengers
with their baggage. They are fully posted on
matters pertaining to steamships leaving New
York, and arrangements can be made through
them lor procuring steamship tickets in ad-
vance.
They also meet incoming steamships to aid
travelers in shaping details for continuing
Journeys from New York over the Pennsyl-
vania Lines by furnlFhlni; tickets, arranging
for the transfer of baggage from steamship
docks after it has been passed by customs in-
spectors, and having the same checked through
to destination. They will reserve sleeping car
accommodations and relieve persons of • the
foregoing details, making themselves useful as
attendants and guides free of charge.
Further information on the subject may ba
obtained by addressing A. S. T. HOLT. Pacific
Coast Agent. No. 30 Montgomery St.. Saa
Francisco, Cat
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
enrv'-f fre»h or »*H water for »lnlo» *»••:
>"• h r,r lew lifts. Mrncn<J». tS Market rt.
DSEDOINQ PUMPS.
nil Gaaonr.*, Steam Ho!rt». Centrifaral Pnmp*.
i:rr;B»«Aßorier». Kentfrilach.Wk«..4« FVemont-
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
BYRON JACKSON.
OL'R GOLD DREDOINQ PUMPS
•/r»/%/>f| Were Burccss.'ul at Nome last
ftiVUvjn year. All other* failed. In or*>-
ratlon dally. 9 Stevenson st.S.F.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES. '
ogates will bring on the first discussion
after the conference convenes, and will
probably be icfcrred to a special commit
tee. The proposed admission of women
delegates also is expected to cause a
warm debate.
In l&iS th»- General Conference estab
lished a precedent when the Blshopfl de
cided that women delegates should not be
seated, and their names were not called,
tn ISMT Secretary Monroe called the names
of three wometi who were present as del
egates, but they remained without their
title being disputed for one day only.
During that time they voted for Dr. Mon
roe as secretary, but at the following ser
slon they withdrew from the conference.
TAYLOR RETURNS TO
FACE HIS ACCUSERS
LEXIXOTOX. Ky., April 29.— Governor
W. S. Taylor passed through this city this
morning from Washington on route to
Frankfort. He was met at the depot by a
larpe number of leading citizens. He said
that he returned to silence the rumors
that he was < ndeavorlnj? to escape Indict
ment After attending to the matter of
ascertaining whether there Is any Indict
ment against him he will return to Wash
ington. A number of Lexlngtonians will
go to Frankfort to aid him in any way
within their power. .1 =' ; -
FRANKFOKT. Ky.. April 20.— Governor
Taylor returned here from Washinffton
and spent Sunday at the executive man
sion with his family. But few people
were aware of his presence in the city
till this evening, when he appeared at the
railroad station and boarded a train for
Louisville. The local officers and those in
charge of the prosecution knew that Gov
ernor Taylor was here, and the fact that
a warrant of arrest was not served upon
him Is now construed to mean that the
Indictment In this case will be held up
and no process Issued upon It for several
days.
Caleb Powers, Henry E. Toutsey. Har
land Whittaker, John W. Davis, W. H.
Culton, "Wharton Golden and Richard
Combs, alias "Tallow Dick" (colored),
charged with complicity in the murder of
William Goebel, will be arraigned to-mor
row.
Overworked Nerves
and wasting vitality make their pres-
ence known through headaches, dizzi-
ness, inability to sleep, loss oi appetite
and a general run-down condition of
the system. These signs are sometimes
accompanied by neuralgia, hysteria,
rheumatism or nervous prostration
in some other form. To remove these
troubles, cure the nerves. They need
feeding, strengthening and building up
and nothing will do this so quickly and
so surely as Dr. Miles' Nervine. This
truly remarkable medicine is gaining
hundreds of new friends every day.
Here is a surveyor from Decatur, Ind.,
Mr. G. E. McKean. who writes:
"A chronic stomach trouble, which
my physician was unable to overcome,
so wore on my nervous system that I
broke down with nervous prostration.
I could r.ot sleep day or night except in
fitful naps: could scarcely eat any kind
of food and wasted away to a mere
shadow. After spending over $50000
in a vain search for relief I was pre-
vailed upon to try Dr. Miles' Nervine.
Relief came immediately. I took six
bottles and to-day am a well man."
Dr. Miles' Nervine is sold at all drua-
pi?t« on a positive guarantee. Write
for free advice and booklet to Dr. Miles
Medical Co.. Elkhart. Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN' THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1*99. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections CIO and All of tha
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate OT^ned by Company $353,043 01
Loans on Bond and MortsaKe 1.754.208 S3
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.958.804 23
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
cf Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 141. *2* 11
Cash In Company's Office 40.847 73
Cash In Banks 128,41153
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 25.153 77
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 46.272 M
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion KM.133 3J
Rents due and acciued 1.530 no
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 15.913 40
Due for salvage on losses paid 1.8T.1 0">
Total Assets »S.2SO.tt!3 43
LIABILITIES.
Louses Adjusted and unpaid JICW7 43
Looses tn process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 139. Wo 75
losses resisted Including expenses... 33.20$ SI
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning tne year or less. 51.530.532 S3;
reinsurance CO per cent 915.268 42
Gross premiums on Fire Risks nin-
nlnjt more than one ye<\r. J2.210.-
54>". 1>: reinsurance i>ro rata I.IK.SCB H
Amount reclatmable by the iniured
on perpetual Fire Insurance
policies /••l-lv 1.937.342 1)
All other demand* against the com-
pany 341.833 11
Total Liabilities ..M.740..-.9H a
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Flrw
premiums ••¦••• ..C.433.732 «7
Received for interest en Bond* and
Mortgages 107.118 DS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 144. 1' M 31
Received for Rent* ».8«S 73
Deposit premiums received for per-
petual Fire risks K.&l »
Total Income ..CW9.7W 13
Flynn Did Not Speak.
NEWMARKET. Ireland. April 2T>. -v hen
James C I-'lynn. merrber of Parliament
for the northern Division of Cork, who
had declared his intention of addressing
a meeting of th* United Irish I.easr.ie
scheduled to take place here to-day,
soucht to enter the town this morn'.n*
he found his way barred by 2t'«) police. Mr.
Flynn protested" and he was subsequently
allowed to past! on promising not to ad
dress a meeting in Newmarket or in its
immediate vicinity. There was no dis
turbance of public order.
Four Cottages Burned
JAMESTOWN. April CO.— A fire at Pres
ton Hill this morning destroyed four cot
tapes belonKinp to the Preston estate.
Mrs. J. K. Donahue loses household furni
ture. clothinK and jewelry valued at $1500:
Insurance. $400. Fred Kinkbohner's loss
was $200. fully covered by insurance. Th<?
ether losses aKsrregated $300. The cause
of the fire is unknown.
Unknown Man Killed.
c-r^iii Dispatch to Th« Call.
PALO ALTO. April 29.— An unknown
m.-^n was killed last ni^ht on the San
3'ranoirqulto bridge n«*ar here by the
north-bound frfiieht train. The body was
horribly mans'e<i. as three trains passed
o\er ihe remains before the unfortunate
•w;t!- discovered. Coroner Kelt of San Jose
bold an inquot here to-day, but it was
unable to disclose any facts except that
the deceased Tvas a man between 25 and
*•) years of ape. Whether the man fell
frnfn the train nr was killed while walk
ing on the trestle if not known. A curious
Jact i.« that none of the thrc« train crews
potio d the accident.
which Is to mark the carnival, which
opens to-morrow nifrht. That the affair
has far outgrown the conception of Its
promoters they candidly admit. Men who
; have made street fairs a Study assert that
I the one which Sacramento Is about to
! open has never been excelled anywhere in
I the United States.
This seems a sweeping declaration, yet
it may readily be received as the truth.
Nowhere could be found a more attractive
locality for an open-air exposition than
the smooth streets bordering the park,
whose acres of rolHnp terraces, carpeted
with creen, are so royally crowned with
thf white Canitol. With fine respect for
SACRAMENTO GAYLY DECKED
FOR THE STREET CARNIVAL
TELEPHONE GRANT S3.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
FOR NOME — Provisions
and Utensils of every descrip-
tion. No extra charge for
packing and draying, and we
know how to pack. Write for
estimates.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Kcna Coffee ~~ to 20c
From Sandwich Islands, roasted or
Krour.rt fresh daily. Regularly 23c.
Whisky, "O-dGlurj" bo: $1.00
Oa'.lon ? 1.00
N lr,« yMr^ oM. a hUh-cra If blend.
PRKE— With ench battle two «n<l with
earh trail -n six beautifully .'ecorat-f.
whisky p'.as-ses. See display In w»iwo"r.
Ds,i!ed Kam large tins Isc
rxquislte for Sar.lw!ches>. P. & W.
brand, nn Al article. Resularly Zor.
Corn, u Wlns!oW c?n 10c
Fln*> Maine Torn. Regularly 12 l ie.
Baki g Fondrr Mb can 30c
"New Fra." r>ure cream tartar ar.d
s *<la. Regularly 4Cc.
Olives, California qt 2Cc
E!ack ripe. Regularly 23c.
Lenti!% 6? rman 3 lbs 25c
Imported. Regularly 2 lbs. ZZc.
flaret, 3yeuioM gslloa 3sc
Oood an-1 sound Table Wine. Reg. Me.
R?8 Wh'skj. "Hern'tage" bo; $!.<5
1^??. leailer of all Ryes. Gallon * t.,"0
Wool Axohol fail qi bat 41c
For burning: only. Gallon :*l.-"".
Hop Sticks, bast quality 30c
Fatfnt spring holder, including 12-lb.
mop. Regularly 43c.
Mali Brushes 15c
Soll.l back, all bristles. Res. 23c.
Handle Scrub Brushes 15c
Pest Tamrlco- Regularly 25c.
Waterproof Glo'.hes Linos 20c
Will not shrink nr kink: In 30-foot
pieces. Rejularlr 3Oc.
Lemons. Fanciest doz i^c
The kind we always sell. Regularly 2f!c.
Lex.on Squeezes. Glass 10c
soe^s from Juice. Res. Be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1900.
SKELETONS
OF SAILORS
ON A HULK
Wrecked Ship Found Float
ing Off British Columbia
Coast.
ITS IDENTITY NOT KNOWN
Was a Thre-- -Masted Schooner of
Four or Five Hundred Tons
Burden and of Ameri
can Build.
£p~-ial Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOrVEIt. April ».— The steamer
fCew England of the halilmt fishing fleet
a:ri\"d this mnrniiiK from the north with
the news of the finding of an unknown
thrco-mnsted schooner in a secluded bay
!:i the Ouf-en Charlotte Islands. The
wreck le evidently thut of a vessel lost
vtth:n a few months, for the timbers are
fresh and t-cund ar.d are not ov-rgrown
t.:;12 9'atrrass. In the hold — or. rather. In
t half-broken section of a second deck—
tt< r«* found the skeleton* of two men,
who evidently had been sailors on the ili-
Jated schooner.
The bows and forward deck have been
practically broken off and part of the
stern ha.s been smashed, so that the name
«-f the boat Is nowhere visible. She ap-
p.»ars to have been of American build,
ar.d Captain Joyce of the New England
cays h»» thir.ks sh*- was lest only la<t win
ter. She had been built orißinally as a
center-board craft, but had been changed
into a reg-ular keel craft. She would be
beiT\e<*n *'<Q arA 500 tons reffi^ter.
The few Indians who Inhabited the dis
trict had pillaged the vessel and taken the
little there was left that was movable.
Two or three old chest? were in a store
room that had remained partially intact.
There was nothing at all about these or
sbout the partially decayed clothing of
the skeleTons to !«I1 whence they came..
The Indians said the hulk had drifted In
a. month ago. The inlet is fntirely out
of the route cf northern steamers, and
probably not three white men in as many
years have bern in there. The place is
; Beventy rr.i'o from Cape St. James.
j^^S. STRICTLY
fa \ RELIA3LE
f^ BK. TALCOTT
reSilr & co *
/iV<«4A4^ Diseases and Wea«-
y/i^v «// / l^w n»s»es of
w ftwifV MEN ONLY -
)\ I I / Entire Upper Floor.
|l| < y|f|||W §| A silk faced / m
11 Vjy 'It sac k SUl * made i|
I i||»^Kk jl tO ° rder $13-s<>I 3-5<> ; jp
II I 111 P \m %W\ SSF Purchases direct from the §1
if if! la Imm SI ?QK mills - and a practical m
1 1 11 i ira 1 Wilt 1 Nail tern of cutting and making - IS
IP H iiilMlii liStlp. \ w^ areab!e t0 make clothes II
slp'lliiyilililiJlllJraiS iM'liSlrflil Ito measure at P rices that are within ||.<^
I 1 jf WWf \M i* WxL \Wi reach of ever y bod y- We have dis - 11
i :'i immW^r^ 111 proved the theory that tailor - made H
,^'i ! M#i^ « illTl^fewH clothes are expensive. , |
I IlliiiiiSf I MilMll K ! 'S ERE- is proof in this suit which g|
li iMi'iiippli r ifiUPli J§L we make to measure forl
WVW^J^yifH »lii.' i \U Pi /7JFH\\ £ ! Mo. The. material is such &&
! M|l| i ®l ! ' l ! $1 I 'If I! as you shall choose from our |f|
Ifgj p l if, | Iff tfj numerous cloths in rough and smooth Sjl
•i g j¦' I If 'if ;;1 finished all-wool goods. We silk face |j
;?; | ijj/'l If Pi tnesuit as shown in the picture— this |^|
ij j I If! ii j4(r I if \M gi yes tone an d makes it dressy ; you vM
W\ | ' | !j! j -I 11?1 1? j |f BiS get a double-breasted vest, which is now |-:-|
¦i\ I J| Ijfj I j|fi ¦ I'fl stylish (single-breasted vest if you %}£
j£* I |j i I ||'; j| WM We will guarantee the making : Your |^
!.V:| I : 'j jl| 1 1 pfi monev's worth or. your money returned |jj|
\%i j j Ij| I K^.H or a year's repairing free. |;|*
;5| I ; 'I 1 1/ iSS We are also making seven other styles |-|
I : i< j I fj |[ jr i^fl of suits and overcoats to order for $ 1 3. || !
'fy. : I If | '!( I t -El Out-of-town orders filled for made-to-meas- i :-^
I>v I J W***£**s^zz^^*-^ D % ure suits and overcoats. We send you samples . \
'' •n \ ' J "*^&^K3o^' \ -- : * an( * self-measuring blank. You can count on a \i &
i ¦•$•! .^^^ 'J& /Z*^^ I• «| good fitting suit or overcoat through our method. 0 ¦*.
IW^^^^^oo^^^^o4 wHteus - ill
E. C. IRVIN. President.
BENJN. T. HERKNESS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn t0 before me. this 23d
flay of January. 1900.
THOMAS B. PROSSER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND.
Stats Agent for California. Nevada. Arizona
and Hawaiian Islands.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Manager San Francisco Department.
HO Sansnme St.
Telephone Main M 24.
Hundreds of Spectators
Cheer When the
Great White Arches
Are Illuminated for
the First Time*
»
Clouded Skies Cause
Apprehension and
Residents of the Cap
ital City Pray for a
Week of Sunshine*
>
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO. April 29.— To-night
the electric current was tested at
the street carnival, and as the beau
tiful white arches were radiantly
outlined the hundreds of beholders
could not repress a cheer. The
Eight gave token of the magnificence
STREET FAIR STRUCTURES ON L STREET, SACRAMENTO.
Photocrarh by Hodson. Sacramento. . '•¦ .
3
Grand Arch of the Street Fair.
Photograph uy Hodson, Sacramento.As the Paris washerwomen have gone on a strike
there may be as big a show of soiled linen at the ex
position as at the Democratic National Convention.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Russian cruiser Astcold, recently
•launched at Kiel, presents a very unique
appearance. She Is exceedingly 10ng— 413%
feet— and sets low In the water. Her bow
Is like that of the United States steamship
Brooklyn, and she has five funnels, the
only ship In existence with that number
of smokestacks.
The three dockyards of Japan are To
kosuku, Kure and Sassabo, and a fourth,
Malsuro, Is In course of construction on
the northwest coast. They are all well
defended, and according to a British ad
miral are considered absolutely impreg
nable in their fort] fl rations. Yokosuku la
Many a man -while awaiting an opportu-
nity to pose a3 a hero makes his wife set
up every morning anil llßht the tire.
OUR MAY DAY FESTIVAL.
WITH a degree of enthusiasm and an extent of
preparation that assure a brilliant success, the
teachers and the school children have ar
ranged for a May day festival at Glen Park which will
be memorable in our annals. It is to be moreover
something more than a festival, for the profits realized
by it are to be devoted to the teachers' annuity fund
and will thus be of lasting benefit to the community.
From day to day The Call has noted the various
steps taken toward preparing for the event and has
described the salient features of the attractive pro
gramme of entertainment provided. The subject is
one in which the whole population of the city may
rightly take an interest, for there are few families
that have not in some way close relations with the
schools and the teachers. By reason of that interest and
the excellence of the object for which the festival is
designed, a liberal patronage of the fete may be ex
pected.
No class of those who serve the public is deserving
of more cordial sympathy and assistance in all
undertakings than are the teachers of the public
schools. It is due to the efforts of these men and
women that our system of public instruction has be
come an institution of which the whole community
can be and is justly proud. The desire to establish
an annuity fund is a laudable one, and any well directed
effort to that end deserves the cordial co-operation
of the people. *
'Whether the profits in the way of money be large
or small, we are at any rate to have a May day festival
which will revive the joy of the old times when the day
was "the maddest and merriest of all the bright new
year." It will furnish the city with a holiday such as
is rarely enjoyed in any part of the United States,
and all of our people and the visitors within our gates
will be sure of a joyous day if they spend it at
Glen Park.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orxheum — Vaudeville.
I Columbia— "The Floorwalkers."
Tlvoll— "The Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opera-house— "ln Gay New Tork."
Alcazar— "Sue."
California— "A Glided Fool."
Fischer's Concert House— "Vm. Travlaia."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy street*— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eve nine
Mechanics' Pavilion— Doc Show, May 2.
El Campo— Dancing, bowling, fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-Jay.
PUT AN END TO DELAY.
WITH an approach to absolute certainty it can
be foretold that when the Supervisors to-day
take up the order prohibiting the telephone
company from exacting a nickel from the patrons of
the telephone slot machines before giving the desired
switch, they will be met by a request for further post
ponement and that if the request be not granted the
telephone men will then fight for postponement and
every form of tactics that tends to delay will be made
use of.
That much being a foregone conclusion, it be
hooves the Supervisors to bear in mind that there has
been already a very long'delay in enacting the*regula
tions necessary to protect the public from the exac
tions of the telephone corporation and to compel the
corporation to pay its just share of the burdens of
'taxation. The license tax question seems to be satis
factorily settled by the discovery of Supervisor Mc-
Carthy that an ordinance already in existence is ap
plicable to the telephone slot machines and that noth
ing more is needed than to enforce it. That issue
then may be left to the Tax Collector and the courts,
but the other issue remains. It is for the Supervisors
to decide to-day whether or not the public is to be
left without redress from the petty swindling the cor
poration practices in the operation of its slot
machines.
Months have passed since this fight for justice be
gan. The present Board of Supervisors in fact re
ceived the contest as an inheritance from the preced
ing board. Week after week and month after month
the corporation has had the subject postponed. Dila
tory tactics of one kind have been abandoned only to
give way to dilatory tactics of another kind, and delay
has followed delay so that up to this time nothing has
been done. It is evidently the expectation of the
company that these continuous delays will weary the
public and tire out popular interest in the matter.
Up to this time, however, the repeated postponements
have had no other effect than that of increasing the
iiritation of the people and strengthening the public
demand for justice. Now let the board act. There
has been delay enough. The ordinance should be en
acted to-day.
THE EXILE OF CRONJE.
THE impounding of General Cronje on St.
Helena Is a political mistake. It increases the
feeling and friction against England. The be
lief is general that it is not justified by either mili
tary reasons or reasons of state. Cronje was doing
his duty in a public way in such a war as the laws of
n;A'ons recognize. He was not an outlaw. He was
a public combatant, with all the rights of a combat
ant. We believe it is not yet settled that a nation cap
turing such a combatant can do with him as it pleases.
The case of Bonaparte is not a precedent. The
Emperor was an assenting party to his own banish
ment to Elba. The allies stipulated that he should
retain royal state and be the sovereign of Elba, with
retinue and revenue becoming his station and the
great part he had played in affairs. He violated the
stipulations to which he had assented and when he
again became a prisoner, after the hundred days' cam
paign, he was exiled to St. Helena. But Cronje was
not the breaker of any treaty. He was doing his duty
in fair war and to send him into unwholesome exile is,
at his time of life, almost the equivalent of sending
him to death. The climate of St. Helena was very
bad for Napoleon. It will be worse for the Boer
patriot. The Emperor had spent most of his life near
sea level. Cronje has spent his far above sea level, on
the high veldts. We take it as conceded that Lord
Roberts had no right to receive Cronje as a military
prisoner and order him to be shot. This being so,
England has no right, based on moral or military rea
sons, or in her own safety, to send him into exile
where the poisonous climate will kill him as surely as
would the bullets of a firing squad.
These be days of boasting about civilization. Great
Britain professes to be in South Africa on an errand
of civilization. But is it a sign of civilization to take
a military prisoner, whose force in men and guns was
outnumbered more than. ten to one, and deport him
beyond seas to an island, horrible in its physical fea
tures and repulsive in its history?
England has done a great deal of exiling, She has
sent Irish patriots to penal colonies to consort with
sheepstealers and manslayers. She has sent royal
personages, like the King of Delhi, and revolu
tionists, like Arabi Pasha, into perpetual banishment,
under armed guards^ using for their prisons islands
she had stolen from them or some one else.
Now she expects to strike terror to the Boers by
punishing a manly foe. caught in open war, with ban
ishment and perpetual exile. Maybe the policy will
work and her enemies will be deterred by the exhibi
tion of barbarity, but that does not justify the act nor
bleach the stain it puts upon English honor.
If England had been in our place at the close of
the civil war Jefferson Davis and the leaders of the
rebellion would have been tried by court-martial and
shot or would have been sent to some tropical island
to desiccate and die. That is the British idea of civili
zation. ,
Our way was different. Mr. Davis and the leaders
of the Confederacy were but little disturbed and lived
for years in the enjoyment of peace and prosperity un
der the Government they had attempted to destroy.
Our example should impress England with the im
policy of her conduct toward Cronje. It is not for
gotten that the English people frantically denounced
the French republic for exiling Dreyfus to Devil's
Island. But Dreyfus was not a prisoner of war. He
was accused and convicted of betraying military
secrets. Hard as his punishment was, it was justified
if he were guilty.
After the denunciations of France it: that case,
which made the air of Great Britain lurid, what excuse
can be given for exiling Cronje to an island as un
wholesome as the prison of Dreyfus, when he is
guilty of no offense except the brave and soldierly de
fense of his country?
. Last October, following close upon the beginning
of the war, several English writers declared that
Presidents Krugcr and Steyn and General Joubert
would be kept as perpetual prisoners by England if
they were captured and would be sent into exile.
This brutal programme excited no attention at the
time, but now it seems to have been the prospectus of
an actual policy.
It will cost England dearly to guard such prisoners
on any of her islands. The world's patriotic spirit of
adventure will raise up friends and fleets for the res
cue of the Dutch patriots. It will not be the case of
Napoleon over again. These Boers have not broken
the world's peace. They were minding their own
business when the invader and aggressor came to break
their peace and it is hard to hold such men prisoners
when in the opinion of mankind they should be free.
The fire at Ottawa was big enough to warm the
heart of charity on both sides of the ocean and in a
comparatively short time the suffering will be largely
relieved. That is one of the advantages which rail
ways and telegraphs have conferred upon the world.
They enable help to come promptly when help is
needed.
Now that the Oakland police have captured the
lone footpad our own detectives can lay aside their
masquerade costumes and see if they cannot capture
one or more of the burglars who have been operating
so boldly. -
in the gulf of Yeddo, Kure Is In the In
land Sea and Sassabo is the rendezvous
for the fleet of ships recently engaged in
the naval maneuvers.
A 2000-ton forging press is to be set up
at the Woolwich gun factory to replace
the steam hammer that has worn out.
The press is considerably larger than
present demands require, but the authori
ties believe it best to be a little ahead of
the time. A deputation remonstrating 1
against the erection of this press is said
to be organizing, but the reasons for the
objection are not stated and are proba
bly the old-time antipathy against labor
saving appliances.
The average pay of enlisted men and
the food supplies warmth
and strength ; without it the
digestion, the muscles, the
nerves and the brain are
weak, and general debility
follows. But fat is hard to di-
gest and is disliked by many.
supplies the fat in a form
pleasant to take and easy
to digest. -It strengthens the
nerves and muscles, invig-
orates mind and body, and
builds up the entire system.
c™-r-~ SCC - aad *' °°' * !1 druggists. _ ,
SCOTT & BOWME, Chcraisu. ««• Yor *'
The Grand Canyon of Arizona.
The season Is now open. Stare trip has be«»n
reduced to 2*4 hours. Comfortable accommoda-
tions at hotel. The round trl:> rate from Sin
Francisco la only J33. Particulars at Santa Fe
ticket ofHee. C 3 Market street.
An egotist Is a person who thinks It a
waste of time to listen to what others
have to say of themselves.
SOCRAMENTO IN GLORY.
,\^ AY will be met with a frolic welcome in all
/ \ parts of California this year, for it is a time of
* * prosperity and all hearts are ready for holi
days and festivals, but the center of the joy of the
May is to be at Sacramento, where preparations have
been made for a whole week of gala days with some
particular novelty of entertainment to. give a special
charm to each successive day.
According to reports the celebration is to be one
of the most attractive outdoor festivals ever given,
even in California, where for years past similar fetes
have been conducted on a scale of such magnitude as
to attract the attention of the whole Union. The
grounds of the Capitol and the streets surrounding
them are to be radiant with the brightness of flowers
and banners arranged in a thousand forms of decora
tion and all other parts of the city arc to be arrayed
in harmony with that central feature of the display. It
is to be a holiday for all classes and all sorts and
conditions of people and Sacramento's hospitality ex
tends a welcome to every visitor who comes to share
in it.
It is right and fitting that these festivals should be
held and we can never have too many of them. Cali
fornia is by nature adapted to be the holiday ground
of the cultured pleasure-seekers of this continent.
Our soil is so profuse of fruits and flowers and our
climate so balmy that the joy of living is to be found
here in a nearer approach to perfection than any
where else in the world. That fact has brought to the
State a large number of people of wealth and culture
to make their homes here, but the number is not so
large as it should be, solely because the attractiveness
of the State is not yet fully made known. Every 'ex
tensive and elaborate fair and festival given under cir
cumstances that excite widespread interest and pub
lication is therefore a benefit to the whole common-
CaL glace fruit 50c per It) atTownsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • •
According to the report oPa colored man he was
robbed on Saturday night by a footpad wearing a
white handkerchief and, it will be remembered, that
the fellow who robbed the white men wore a black
handkerchief. Are they drawing the color line in
criminal circles?
A British private is reported to have described the
campaign in South Africa as 98 per cent fatigue, dirt
and discomfort and 2 per cent war; so the thing
seems to be a good deal like a picnic after all.
THE CALL FOR ORGANIZATION.
rROM the proceedings of the convention of the
State League of Republican Clubs at Los Ange
les the party will derive a stimulus toward united
and vigorous activity in preparation for the coming
campaign. The election of Alden Anderson to the
presidency of the league will be received with satisfac
tion everywhere. It places at the head of the league a
man young indeed, but well tried in positions of politi
cal responsibility and of a high capacity for leadership.
As Speaker of the Assembly Mr. Anderson realized
the old saying of the right man in the right place,
and his record in that office, justifies confidence that
in his new position his services will be equally creo
itable to himself and useful to his party.
The resolutions adopted by the league rightly em
phasize the importance of organization for cam
paign work. They declare:
"Republican clubs and organizations should be re
quested to appoint special committees who shall bo
charged with the duty of calling upon and urging all
Republicans to immediately register for the coming
election, as the law now requires that there must be an
entirely new registration in every county of the State.
Under the primary election law, primary elections
will be held in every county on the 2d of August next
for the election of delegates to the State convention
to nominate Presidential Electors, district conventions
to nominate Representatives in Congress and local
conventions to nominate judicial officers and Sena
tors, in the odd-numbered districts, and members of
the Assembly. Every effort should be made by all
Republican organizations to take all necessary meas
ures to thoroughly educate the voter on the pro
visions of the law, which gives him every opportunity
to exercise his choice freely for delegates for conven
tions nominating candidates for public office. We
would most earnestly urge upon the attention of the
League of Republican Clubs, as well as upon the Re
publican party at large, the supreme importance of
complete organization in order that we may present
a united front to the enemy in the coming Presidential
campaign. Organization is the key to success. We
have no time to lose. The first gun in the impending
conflict has already been fired. Action should be the
watchword of every patriotic citizen."
These recommendations will, we trust, be heeded
and acted upon by the leaders and the workers of the
party throughout the State. Organization is. in fact,
the main duty of Republicans at this time. If that be
accomplished victory will be assured. If it be
neglected there will be serious danger of defeat.
The importance of organization has been impressed
upon the party by its national leaders who, from the
vantage ground of Washington; have studied the
whole political situation and have perceived what is
necessary to assure success. "Organize, organize,
organize," is the counsel that comes to us from every
State where conventions have been held. In Cali
fornia, where the strength of the opposing parties is
nearly equal and where the independent vote fre
quently determines results, it is even more necessary
than elsewhere that the organization of the party
should be made so perfect as to be able to bring to
the polls the full Republican vote. The Los Angeles
convention has set forth clearly the work of the day.
Let it be undertaken at once.
CLARK AND QUAY
How the Editors of the Country View the Recent Celebrated
Senatorial Cases.
THE mONTANAN.
Chicago Times-Herald.
The methods ascribed to the Montana
man were so scandalous that the case
stands almost by itself and cannot be con
sidered typical. Its very grossness com
pelled an expression of condemnation,
while the danger lies in the more insid
ious plotting by which the same means
have been employed to secure the same
end.
k'i * ''¦-/ • *
Chicago Record.
As the committee was unanimous in ar
riving at a decision adverse to Clark, so
ought the Senate to be unanimous in pass
ing condemnation on the attempt of a
multi-millionaire to buy his way in to the
nation's law-making body. The honor and
Dignity of the Senate and the political
well-being of the country require the ex
pulsion of Clark.
Los Angeles Times.
The undisputed facts in the case of Sen
ator Clark of Montana are sufficient to
justify the refusal of the Senate to give
him the seat which was purchased by
fraud. The admitted facts being thus con
demnatory of the would-be .Senator from
Montana, it Is of comparatively little con
sequence whether the disputed charges
agiinst him can be proven or not.
"ileraus mit ihm!"
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
If precedents count for anything, the
Quay precedent in particular, we are not
warranted in looking for precipitous haste
In acting on the Clark report. If. however,
the Senate has that regard for its good
name which its commitee has said it
should have, it will lose no time in end
ing a scandal which has threatened to
involve it as a body. The instinct of self
preservation must be strong even in the
Senate. • .
Ogden Standard.
William A. Clark of Montana stands
convicted of bribery in attempting to se
cure a seat in the United Slates Senate.
Having sought an honor he has been dis
honored, having attempted distinction he
has received notoriety. The verdict of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections is
exactly in harmony with the views of all
impartial readers cf the proceedings of
the investigation carried on In \\ asning
ton for several months.
Minneapolis Times.
Mr. Clark secured his quasi election by
the gross violation of the laws of his
State, and the Senate owes it to Montana
to aid in the effacement of the disgrace
he has cast upon the commonwealth he
seeks to represent in the highest legisla
tive body of the nation. The bribery
charged was clearly shown, and that
should be sufficient to nullify the alleged
€l U Ys* to be hoped the Senate will declare
Mr. Clark's seat vacant without unneces
sary delay. . « •
Los Angeles Record.
Senator Clark of Montana has been de
clared a briber by a committee of the
United States Senate. The members of the
committee, who deserve the thanks of
the people of thiscountry, also recommend
in their report that the seat of the Mon
tana millionaire be vacated. Nothing can
be more wholesome than such a rebuke to
a man who has used his millions to strike
at the foundation of our government. The
Senate apparently is beginning to realize
that the fundamental principles of our
Government must be respected and hon
ored that without true, representative
government society, law and order mast
in the long run fall to the ground. With
out allowing the gossips time fu ly to dis
cuss the findings in the Clark investiga
tion the Senate has promptly proceeded
to the Quay case, and has refused to seat
the Pennsylvania Senator by a vote of 33
to 32 Such spasms of virtue, unexpected
as they are, must be welcomed by all
those who. while they ardently desire
good government, have begun to despair
of its consummation.
THE PENNSYLVANIfIN.
Chicago Record.
By the close vote of 33 to 32 the Senate
has decided not to seat Matthew Stanley
Quay; but, narrow as was the escape, the
country can but feel a sense of relief at
the outcome.
• • •
Los Angeles Times.
The seating of Quay would have been a
reversal by the Senate of its former actJon
in similar cases, and thus would have
been a conspicuous case of self-stultifica
tion. For the sake of the Senate's good
name it is to be regarded as fortunate
that that august body was saved from it
self, if only by the narrow margin of one
vote. m m t
Chicago Times-Herald.
The defeat of Quay is a national victory
over the most odious and unscrupulous
attempt ever made to break in to the
United States Senate by a fraudulent title
through appeals to every influence known
to a desperate and powerful political
trickster. May Quay's fate be that of all
who seek to drag the Senate down to the
level of their own evil ambitions and de
signs. vM. .
Denver Times.
The Montana Senatorshlp was beclouded
wiih corruption. The Pennsylvania Sena
torshlp was tainted with political trick
ery. Senator Quay has been excluded by
a close vote — a majority of one — but. as he
remarks, it was as good as twenty-one.
The Senate by its action has made a prec
edent which we trust may become estab
lished.
Salt Lake Herald.
Matthew Stanley Quay was refused a
seat in the Senate of the United States
yesterday and the precedents established
by that body were upheld. Gubernatorial
appointments are not eligible when Legis
latures fail to elect. This is the verdict
and it is a just one. To give the executive
the power assumed by Governor Stone
would result in greater evils than now
exist in Senatorial elections. It would en
courage Governors to promote deadlocks
in State Legislatures that their personal
selections might be named.
• • •
Los Angeles Express.
The effect of the course followed by the
Senate will be salutary upon the country
at large. It blocks the game of designing
politicians in the future, of whatever
party, and bars the way of men who
would be willing to throw principle to th*
winds if they could by so doing slip Into
the United States Senate by the back
fence. While the majority against Mr.
Quay was small, still in view. of the situa
tion. In consideration of the powerful po
litical and personal influences that set in
his direction. It was a triumph for purer
politics, peculiarly gratifying at this time.
Grass Valley Union.
The refusal of the Senate to seat Quay
of Pennsylvania is in accord with Its ac
tion in like cases in the past, and though
the decision against him was reached by
a majority of but one vote, it is likely to
establish a positive precedent which will
be adhered to henceforth. Quay is no loss
to the Senate. He has a shockingly bad
record and the rottenness of Pennsylvania
politics was long exemplified in the fact
that a man so notorious for misconduct
represented that great State in the Senate
at Washington.
• • •
Pomona Progress.
The Senate of the United States has put
itself on record, by a vote of 33 to 32 in the
Quay case, against seating Senators ap
pointed by Governors in cases where the
State Legislatures have met and failed to
elect. Although there was much opposi
tion from Pennsylvania to the seating of
Mr. Quay on the appointment of Governor
Stone after he had failed to secure an
election by the Legislature of the State,
yet the question that the Senate had to
settle was— or should have been consid
ered—a constitutional and not a personal
one. The Senate's decision of the question
Is not so positive and final as It would
have been had the vote upon It not been
almost equally divided.
boys in some of the principal navies
ranges as follows: In the United States
navy the Secretary's estimate for the
present year provided for 10.000 men and
boys with a total pay of $6,750,000, giving
an average of $»375; Grea» Britain's en
listed force, numbering 110,?00, costs J4S.
400,000, averaging $437 45; France, with 42.
000 men before the mast, pays $11,520,000,
an average of $345 66 per man, while Rus
sia's enlisted naval force of 35,000 men re
ceives only a total of $2,153,500, giving the
low average of $C 1 53.
The Norwegian coast-defense vessel
Xorge was launched March 31 at the E!*
wick yard. The vessel la somewhat of Iho
high freeboard monitor type, 21)0 feet In
length, 50V™ feet beam and 16^-j feet
draught, displacing 3550 tons. Upon this
comparatively small displacement the
vessel carries a 6-lnch Ilarveyized armor
belt, its four casemates are of 5-lnch
nickel steel and the two barbettes are of
6-inch nickel steel. The armament con
sists of two 6.0-inch and six 4.9-inch guns,
all quick firers, besides eight 12-pounder*.
six 3-pounders and two torpedo tubes.
The engines are of 45d) horsepower, guar
anteed to give a speed of sixteen and a
half knots. A duplicate to the Norge is
on the stocks at Elswick.
The discontent of the engineer students
at Keyham Is on the Increase, as their
treatment is In marked contrast with that
extended to the naval cadats on board tho
Britannia. There is but slight encour
agement for engineers to enter the Brit
ish navy, for promotion Is slow, the pay
is low and they appear to be barely tol
erated by the quarterdeck -officers. It
costs only $130 a year to educate a naval
engineer at Keyham, while the expense
is $2000 for each naval cadet. The mili
tary value of the British navy engineer
is forcibly Indicated by the fact that out
of 910 engineer officers only 14 hold th.>
relative rank of captain, a ratio of one
to sixty-five, while in the line corps of
1940 officers there are 73 admirals and l'j-i
captains, a ratio nearly seven times great
er than in the engineer corps. In the
United States navy, prior to the amalga
mation of the engineer corps with that of
the line, there were ISO of the former, of
which 11 held the relative rank of cap
tain, or at the rate of one captain to I»>4
engineers. In the line there were 62 offi
cers above the grade of commanders out
of a total of 70-1. giving a ratio of 1 to
11.4. The disparity between the corps in
the two services was therefore much lesa
in ours than in the British navy.
TRADE IN FAIR SHAPE.
THE business situation did not change material
ly during the past week. There was the samt
hesitation in certain lines, but it was no more
pronounced than a fortnight ago, and, in fact, some
improvement in the retail trade is reported here and
there. There was a decline of $20 per ton in some
descriptions of wire goods and the iron trade showed
weakness in other directions, but there were no de
preciations of any consequence in other staples.
Trade is not really dull, but it appears so in contrast
with the abnormal activity of last year, when every
thing was booming at highwater mark. A few months
ago the volume of business had grown to such pro
portions that an increase in the currency was deemed
indispensable in order to carry it on and to this end
the recent financial bill was brought before Congress.
The bill was duly passed, the circulation has been in
creased, but it is now found that the tables are turned
and that whereas a year ago we had more business
than money, we now have more money than business.
In other words, while we have increased the currency
the volume of trade has suddenly dropped off. Xor
is this all. The present volume of trade is not suf
ficient to maintain the high prices of last year and
they are gradually falling back. As pointed out sev
eral times in this column, prices have got too high
for the public purse and the purchasing limit of the
people has at last been reached.
Still, there is no real lassitude in the commercial
bod}-. In spite of the luil in the iron and steel trade,
which may prove momentary, an" improved demand
for pigiron for export is noted and heavy purchases
for this account have been made in the Southern
States. This may lead to a general revival in this im
portant branch. Lumber, however, continues dis
appointing and some descriptions are weakening un
der a decreased demand, due largely to labor troubles
in the building trades. Woolen goods and boots and
shoes are dull and easy and none of the important
staples show much animation, though, on the other
hand, none exhibit any real depression.
The unfavorable happenings in the American Steel
and Wire Company have scared the public out of
Wall street, which is now 'abandoned to the profes
sionals. London, too, is looking cross-eyed at Amer
ican industrial stocks, hence the street is dull all
around.
The situation on this coast shows some change.
Frosts and cold weather in Oregon and Washington
and drying north winds in California have somewhat
altered the crop prospects and the enormous crops cf
grain and fruit expected a few weeks ago are no
longer figured on. The yield of both, as far as can
be seen at present, will be good and the aggregate
fruit crop, according to the inquiries of the Weather
Bureau, will be about the same as last year. General
merchandise is reported in steady movement, though
some lines, notably provisions, hides, wool and dried
fruit, are dull. Money is in ample supply at the
regular rates and collections are average. California
bids fair to have a prosperous year, but not like IS99 —
such years come only once in a century.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. 'Watk'.ns— Monday, Aj?rll 30, at 11 o'clock. Horses and
Marps. at \V,K Market street.
MON DAY APRIL 30, 1000
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor,
/ddress Al 1 Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
I'I'IfLICATIOX OFFICE.. Market nnd Third. S. F.
lrlryliunr Main lfcOS.
1 nnoHS.a n00M»....71T to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Slain 1574.
!)i!«rml tiv r«rrter«. IB Cent" Per Weelr.
Mnclr Copies, a Cento.
Terma l»y Mull. Including VnntnKrt
D;. ILT i'ALL .including Sunday), one year $9.<Vl
DAII-T CALL, «lr.cludlnK Sunday). 6 months S.OO
PAIL.T CALL, (including Sunday). 3 month* l.« 0
DAILT CALL— By Flngle rionth «-V
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-30
WKKKLT CALL One Tear 1-00
Ail Boatmaatera are nnthorUed to receive
¦ abaerlptlon«.
bajnpl* cc-ple* wUi b* forwarded when requested.
¦ »»hl *\l> OFFICK Ill* llro«rt»T-^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIX, 30, HJOO.
wealth and merits a liberal patronage from all parts
of the State.
It is safe to say that all who visit Sacramento
this week will have a joyous holiday and de
rive from it a memory that will be a pleasure
to recall for years to come. The capital city is
accustomed to the hospitable task of receiving
and entertaining visitors on a large scale. The gather
ings at the State fairs and at the sessions of the Legis
lature provide the people of the city every year with
occasions for the exercise of the faculty of welcoming
all comers with a hearty goodwill and providing them
with ample accommodations and entertainment, and
consequently the crowds that attend this fair will find
everything made pleasant for them from the. time they
reach the city until they leave. To those who can af
ford a holiday the opportunity thus afforded should
not be neglected. See Sacramento and have a
halcyon time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENATOR CLARK) "OUGH ? "
SENATOR QUAY ) v^i^^ •
i \\ Ift iyL.
4OPEN
TO
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Pailway System begs to
announce 'the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Chicago— 2sso miles.
It is the only railway which owns and controls Its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan.
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and it
hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage
May Ist freight will be handled regularly to and from the East
and all points in the San Joaquin Vailey and Southern California.
Freight Depot: Corner Spear and Harrison Streets.
The date for inaugurating passenger train service will be
announced later. ______
JOHN J. BYRNE, t EDWASD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger / gent, General Freight Agent.
Lines west of Albuquerque.
W. A. BiSSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe System.
FRESH AND NEW I
NEW STORE. NEW GOODS.
EVERYTHING NEW!
122-124 NINTH STREET,
Have Opened ANOTHER STORE at
226 SIXTH ST.
Compare Oar Prices With Our Competitors'
ar.d Be Convinced.
20 pounds Best Granulated Sugar .....SI.OA
Best Flour, any brand you wish JK>c
Best Washington or Oregon Flour .Oo
I-argc box Soda Crarker3 •!.»«;
Best Eastern Sugar-cured Ham. per 1b..1.140
3 can 3 Cove Oysters 2Sc
23 pounds Wash Soda .......»o
Pickles, half-gallon bottles, plain, mixed
or chow I'J*
Goo-1 Eastern Oil, 5 gallons We
Good Tomatoes, per can Re
Macaroni and Vermicelli, per pound .»c
« pounds Rice 2^'C
6 pounds French Pnin<"3 ™°
Best Sugar Corn. 3 cans
Good Cheese, p^r pound lOc
12 pounds Rolled Wheat -^o
10 bars rood Launrlry S->ap «ie
WE ARE NOTED FOR. OUR EXCELLENT
TEAS AND COFFEES.
Cholce Family Mixed Tea. per pound 400
Good English Breakfast. Oolong or I'ncol-
ored 33c. SOc or 2T»e
Best Java Coffee, per pound 2.* c
Rest Costa Rica Coffee, per pound 20c
Fancy Costa Rtca roffee. per pound 1."» c
Good Family Mixed Coffee. 2 pounds for 25c?
LIQUOR SPECIALTIES— Best Old Kentucky
Bourbon Whisky, per gallon. 92J10. Good
Whisky, per gallon. 82. Nine-year-old Port
or Sherry. Pet gallon. 91. Best Zlnfandel
Claret, per gallon. 83c.
REMEMBER THE STORKS.
Satisfaction and Promptness Guaranteed.
Ninth Street— Telephone South 634.
Sixth Street— Telephcse South 237.
AN :"*¦-.*;¦ ¦!.• ¦-•'¦•¦• FOURTH -
INCONTROVERTIBLE I TREMENDOUS
HIT. * WEEK.
MR.JAMES NEILL
AND HIS Ei:PERIJ COMPANY
In Nat Goodwin's Greatest Comedy Triumph.
*\A GILDED FOOL"
Curtain CaMs Galore for Every Act
Last Night.
The Eatr.e Play in Thursday and Saturday
Aftemocr.s.
KEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
"A PARISIAN ROMANCE."
Friday Afternoon. May B— SADA. America's
Brilliant Young Violinist.
SECOND amfuST WEEK!
Every nleht including Sunday. Matinee Sat-
urca.y.
WARD and MES,
40 PEOPLE 40
In the So Funny Musical Farce,
THE FLOOR WALKERS!
FUN* PRICES ...!5c Sic. Me. -5c and Jl
NVxt Monday "THE EVIL EYE."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
ISOC -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
APKIL 21 TO MAY :,. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
naclnu Monday. Tuesday. WednctJ^y, Tbura-
flay, Friday and Saturday. Rain or thine.
K've or more raies each day.
JUices start *t 2:li jj. m. sharp.
Kerry-boa ti leave Sin KrancUsco at 12 m and
12:23, 1. I:SU. 2. 2:30 and i jj. m. t connecting
wltli trainn etopplns ct the entrance to ih«
track. I_st two "^.r» on train reserved for
ladles and their esrurts; no smoking. Iluy your
ferry tickets to Shell Hound. Ail trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu«
eit-ctrlc cars at Seventh and Uroadway. Oak-
land. Also ail trains via AJamtda mole c.n-
r<ect with S«n Pablo avenue ra.-s at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Thesp electric cars I
CO direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4 -IS and
4:45 p. m. and Imnwdlately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILKOT. Secretary. ,
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
112-124 OFARRELL STREET.
E. A. Fifrher, Prop.; Geonce Mooser. Met
GREAT LOMBARDI OPERA QUARTETTE
"LA TRAVIATA" (Camllle.)
10c- ADMISSION 10«»
PHONE MAIN G2Z
THIS EVENING
The Famous Casino .Success,
IN CAY NEW YORK
Rich and Beautiful Fcer.ery. Corp^ous Cos-
tume*. Catchy Ponp*. Graceful Dances
RearP*aranc«» of MR*. TURFS BRUNO,
epwia! En?ac»m>:nt of MASTER ARNOLD
<;RA7-ER ani LA PETITE HA7.KU.
EXTRA MATINEE TO-MORROW (DEWEY
DAY). wh*n Good R<«*rv.>d Seat
Can lie OMainM in Or-
chestra for Z',r
In pT#>7>aratt'-Ti an rntir* novelty to F?n Fran-
cisco. ••THE LADY BLAVT." t!:<> race of Lon-
flon and New Yr.rk ?>r twn yrar?
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Branch Ticket Office Eramrlura.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mall3i
en Application.
AN OVERWHELMING SUCCESS
Flora's ALL-STAR SPECIALTY COMPANY.
LITTLE FRi:r>. MR. ANI» MRS. ARTHUR
SIDMAX. BOWMAN A.YD ARDELL
BROTHERS FORREST.
ORPHECM STARS.
ETTA nrTI.ER. DIGBY BELL, RAE AND
nnOSCHE. MILDRED STROLLER.
PROTO.
P.wrved **ats. 2V:: balcony. 10c: opera
chair* and box aeatsjt SOc.
Matinee* Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Special Matinee Dewey Day,
To-Morrow. May 1.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
OPENING OF
THE RUSH TO
CAPE NOME
¦
Steamer Jeanie Will Be
Laden With Passengers
and Freight.
Thousands of People Waiting for Ac
coxnodations and but Few Tick- ,
ets Are Unsold for Vessels
Sailing in May.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 29.-The formal
rush to the gold fields of Cape Nome will
be Inaugurated to-morrow, when the
steamer Jeanle of the Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company, the first steamer to start
on the trip this year, is scheduled to sail,
providing she arrives in the meantime
from San Francisco. This vessel will take
eighty passengers and 400 tons of freight
from this port, and expects to be one of
the first to reach Nome when the ob
structing ice has broken up.
For the past several weeks people have
been arriving here by the hundreds to get
ready to mahe the northward trip, and
have filled all the hotels to such an extent
that it has been difficult for transient
travelers to get accommodations. The
steamship offices have been crowded with
applicants for berths and freight room,
and many of the companies have been re
fusing passengers for several weeks. It is
conservatively stated that there are no
more than 200 tickets available on all the
steamers that are scheduled to leave here
In May, and most of the freight room has
been sold. This means that all those wish-
Ing to go to Nome, except those who se
cure the few bertha left, must wait until
the June sailings, unless they embark on
sailing craft, which are leaving this port
at the rate of two a day and have been
doing so for the last week.
Twenty-five steamships are scheduled to
leave here for Nome in May, two prom
ising to get away tne Ist, seven on the
10th, three on the 15th, one on the 17th,
two on the ISth, live on the 20th, one on
the 24th, two on the 25th, one on the 30th
and one on the 31st. The vessels to sail
on the 20th have booked 1675 passengers
and 4300 tons of general merchandise. This
will probably be the liveliest day of the
year, as several vessels will also leave
that day for Skaguay.
The most conservative estimates of the
traffic to Nome this year, based on actual
returns, show that ISli persons have al
ready engaged passage for the first sail
ings of the twenty-five steamships, and
that these vessels have already contracted
for 25,250 tons of merchandise in their car
goes. Taking the average charge of $90
per passenger and $40 a ton for freight
and It is seen that the steamships will
get a total gross revenue during the next
month of $1,561,300. The operators of four
teen of the vessels state that they intend
to make four trips each to Nome during
the season, live will make throe trip 3 each
and the remaining six one trip each. The
net registered tonnage of the steamers to
sail next month is 25.625 tons, or a quarter
of the entire tonnage departing for Alaska
last year. The value of the freight booked
tor the May sailings, estimated at, sloo a
ton. which is a conservative figure, will
be $2,562,500.
Increased Output.
- During the past year the Anheuser-Busch
Brewinjt Ass'n, St. Louis, U. S. A., reports a
large gain, their bottled be«rs alone having ex
ceeded thirty per cent increase over the year
previous. E. G. Lyons Co.. Wholesale Dealers,
San FrancUco, Cal v>
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. %SF&uMI
tiIAMOXL* COAL. MINING CO.. at 1U GREEN"
JUVEH COLLIERIES. U tbe Best Coal la U>«
market. Offica and Yard* — 1»0 Main atrcat.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
Id 2Sr PARTRIDGE "• <£££¦-
PKINTINJ.
v r ErnHEC printer.
I- V- HLUIiLJ. tn Pan-orrx- St.. S. P.
PAPEU DEALHRS.
U'H I AWFTTF I>UlJ ' ANI> PAPER CO..
n ILLAJICI IE 722 Uonteom*— «t-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I»C KtVFS&ffl Ehlppin* Butchers. 104
JA> fed ICO Cl WU-. Clay. Tel. Main l»t
Charged With Vagrancy.
The opening of Glen Park yesterday af
forded the bunko steerers an opportunity
to ply their trade, but their operations
were cut short by the prompt action of
Captain Glllin of the Seventeenth-street
police station. With the arrival of the
improvement clubs at the park came also
about a dozen of the sure-thing frater
nity, among them being Edward Gray
and James Wilson, known to the police aa
the "Golden brothers." They were recog
nized by Detectives Fitzgerald and Gra
ham and Sergeant Shaw, and Captain Gll
lcn ordered their immediately arrest on
the charge of vagrancy. A dozen more of
the fraternity were brought before Cap
tain GUlen, who informed them that their
absence would be appreciated. They left
on the first city-bound car. Gray and
Wilson were balled out.
COPPERSMITH.
jr.KFPTT FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. Mjt.
C tl r CIIITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
L- \1 ¦ 3.!illUt and Ship Work a 3peciaitr- M
•rd 18 W«sbtnctcn «. Telephone Main (ML
COAL. COKB AND PI3 IROX
T T Wll £TO m B*"e~ Street.
«'• U- nlLjUil tt VU-. Telephone Main ISM.
ating with them are a large number of
dogs.
The summit of Mount Brandon, where
the Shaws are defying the county, is cov
ered with snow. This circumstance has
interfered seriously with the work of the
dogs. Late yesterday afternoon a pack
picked up the traril and were leading
straight up through a ravine when a
patch of melting snow and water In the
bed of a brook confused the dogs, and no
amount of urging could induce them to re
sumo the chase.
The crowd began to gather last Friday,
a few hours after the shooting of the
deputy sheriff. All through that day, yes
terday and to-day the man hunt has been
continued with Increasing vigor. The
search to-day almost nroved the death of
Sheriff Chapman of Woodstock, who was
thrown from his horse during a mad
scramble down a ravine, and was badly
hurt about the head and shoulders.
.
General Butherford Dead.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— General Allen
Rutherford, clerk of the Maryland Court
of Appeals, died here yesterday of con
sumption, aged about 60 years. He was
a native of New York and served with
distinction In the civil war. He was bre
veted brigadier general of volunteers for
gallantry. During Ceneral Grant's ad
ministration he was Third Auditor of the
Treasury.
SHAWS STILL SAFE
IN THE MOUNTAINS
Hounds Thrown Off the Trail by the
Presence of Quantities of Half-
Melted Snow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 29.— For the third time
since the man hunt in Vermont began,
last Friday, the bloodhounds and the
hunters were to-day baffled by Dunston
and Frank Shaw, the father and son, who
escaped from the county jail near Pitts
field. Late to-night, after one of, the most
exciting days in the police annals of New
England. Sheriff Thaddeus M. Chapman
admitted that the chances for the capture
of the Shaws in this Slate are slight, and
it is probable that they will make their
way into New York State. All the law
officers and almost all the able-bodied
male population of Stockbridge. Wood
stock and Middlebury have joined in the
grim sport. The father and son for whose
blood hundreds of baying clogs are thirst
ing are on the summit of Brandon Moun
tain, which connects with New York State
by a number of impassable ravines. All
about the base of the mountain is a cor
don of men, most of them anxious for a
shot at the escaped convicts, and co-oper-
B'NAI B'RITH GRAND
LODGE IN SESSION
Sixteen Proxy Delegates Denied the
Bight to Vote in the Con
vention.
CHICAGO, April 20.— Sixteen delegates
to the seventh general convention of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
B'nai B'rith. which held its first session
at the Auditorium to-day, were denied
the right to vote in the deliberations of
that body,' though the privilege of the
floor was given to them. .The decision
was arrived at after a spirited discussion
of the question, after the committee on
credentials reported that the delegates
representing the lodges in Germany, Kou
mania and Austria had not been regularly
elected an was required by the constitu
tion of the organization. The majority of
tho delegates.were proxy representatives.
All the delegates who have been prevent
ed from voting are from the Lnlted
States, some of them living in Denvei
und San Francisco. It appears that there
were no delegates appointed to the pre.se
ent convention by the lodges in the i«t
tign countries named, with the exception
of one— Siesrmund Borgel of Berlin— and
proxy delegates were selected from the
lodge's In this country without the formal
ity of an election.
Victor Abraham of Cincinnati was elect
ed chairman. Among the vice presidents
named was Jacob Greenebaum of San
Francisco. A message from the president
of the executive committee, Julius Bien,
dwelt at length on the past work of the
organization. The convention will revise
the laws and pass legislation for the va
rious subordinate lodges. President Bien
occupied the chair.
FOOTPADS AT WORK
IN SAN RAFAEL
Nathan Strauss Attacked and Bobbed
by Two Masked Men on Mis
sion Street.
Special Dieratch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 20.— Nathan
Strauss, a prominent young society man
of this place, had an exciting adventure
with footpads last evening, which, but for
his presence of mind, might have resulted
kiore seriously than it did.
Strauss was on his way to his home on
Mission street and was within a block of
his house when two masked men stepped
from behind a tree and called on him to
throw up his hands. Instead of obeying
Strauss gave one of the men a stiff uper
cut He was outmatched, however, for
the footpad struck him a violent blow on
the back of the head, knocking him down.
Strauss did not come to himself till some
hours later, when he found his money
gone and a severe contusion on the back
of his scalp. No clew has yet been ob
tained to the cowardly assailants of
Strauss, but the authorities are hopeful
of apprehending the miscreants In a few
days.
FIRE IN LOS GATOS.
Portion of the Masonic Block Com-
pletely Uuined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS GATOS, April 20.— Fire was discov
ered In the store of F. A. Bogart on the
first floor of the Masonic block a little
after noon to-day and before the Fire De
partment arrived had swept up to the sec
ond story, where the Masonic lodgerooms
are located. All the archives and para
phernalia of the Masonic and Eastern
Star lodges were saved, but the hall Is a
total wreck.
The stock of hardware of Mr. Bogart is
almost a total loss from fire and- water,
and the Farmers' Union, next door, suf
fered severely from water. The building
is owned by the Farmers* Union Stock
Company and was fully insured, as was
the stock in both stores and the para
phernalia of both ledges.
REV. J. S. EASTMAN DEAD.
Was Formerly Pastor of Franklin-
Street Presbyterian Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. April 29.— Rev. J.
S. Eastman, for several years pastor of
the Presbyterian church of this city, died
at about noon to-day. Deceased was pas
tor from ISS2 to ISSS of the Franklin-street
(formerly Larkin street) Presbyterian
Church in San Francisco. He was &4
years of age and a native of Indiana.
Rev. R. S. Eastman, while occupying his
father's pulpit, was called to the bedside
of the dying pastor just before his death.
CHARLES INGERSOLL. the ab
sconding Treasurer of Tompkins
County. New York, was arrested at
Eddy and Polk streets yesterday
morning by Detective Ross Whittaker
and taken to the City Prison to await the
.arrival of an officer from Ithaca, N. V.,
with the papers for his extradition. He
is accused of embezzling $15,000 belonging
to the county.
Ingersoll was a prominent politician in
Tompkins County and was four times In
succession elected to the office of Treas
urer, each term being for three years. He
was elected last November for the fourth
time, but shortly afterward it was dis- J
covered that something was wrong with
his accounts. He fled on December 12,
and an investigation .showed that there
was a deficiency of about $15,000. He
owned a big livery stable in Ithaca and
several houses which were mortgaged
and had over $6000 deposited In bank.
There Is a content in the courts now be
tween the county and his other creditors !
for possession of this money. After his \
disappearance everything belonging to j
him was sold by his creditors.
Ingersoll was located in lola, Kans., |
last month throuph a letter written j
to him by his sister, which he had '
CHARLES INGERSOLL, THE EMBEZZLER-
dropped In the street. He was arrested
and taken back to Ithaca, where he was
charged with forgery and embezzlement.
He pleaded guilty to the charge of em
bezzlement, but not guilty to the charge
of forgery, which arose from the alleged
manipulation of his books. He was re
leased on $10, OX) bonds about three weeks
ago and again fled, coming direct to this
city. He was located in a house on Eddy
street, nenr Polk, two or three days ago
by Superintendent Vannatta of the Pink
erton agency, who wired the fact to the
New York oflloe of the acency. The Pink
ertons then communicated with Sheriff
Seaman of Tompkins county and he wired
Chief Sullivan to arrest Ingersoll and an
officer would be sent on at once with the
papers for his extradition. Captain Sey
mour detailed Whlttaker on the case and
the arrest followed.
Ingersoll, who Is a man 57 years of age.
admits his identity and Fays he is willing
to return without the necessity of extra
dition proceedings. He says he took the
money to tide over a temporary financial
embarrassment and if he had only been
courageous enough to have told his
friends he would not have been compelled
to take refuge in flight. He is extremely
nervous and says he has been almost
crazy since December. All the money he
took with him when he fled In December
was $253. When searched at .the City
Prison he had $1 M in his pockets.
g g
on TkT P
1 Blankets |
§ AND I
I Underwear! I
o §
o o
£? The right kinds and the right o>
O weights. All-Wool Blankets. ;Q
O from 5 pounds to 16 pounds, in S'
scarlet, pray, brown and blue. g;
0. A large assortment of the right £>.
kind of Underwear and Over- $
,^ shirts, in light and heavy weights, £$
O| also linen Mosquito Canopies. O
£ Call and examine our goods; g
0 you will find the prices right. '0
S * 9-
| C CURTIN, I
1 911 and 9!3 M-BKET STREET. §
¦o 8
O<>ttOC<<&Z&3&OOX£<}.O'C&OJX>&.
WILLIAM LLOYD GARRISON.
to embitter the political quarrel. Tn No
vember, ISC2, the State convention wa*
held and South Carolina declared tne tar
iff acts of IS2S and 1532 null and void and
forbade the payment of the duties. This
forced such an issue as delighted the Pres
ident's soldierly temper. He replied with
a proclamation declaring, "The laws of
the United States must be executed," and
denounced disunion by armed force as
treason. Land'and naval forces were dis
patched to Charleston, and the customs
collector was ordered to collect the du
ties, using what force was necessary. The
vigor of Jackson's treatment of nullifica
tion struck a popular chord and made him
more than ever the nation's hero. The
leaders of the nullificrs met and "suspend
ed" the operation of the treasonable or
dinance, and after the passage of the com
promise tariff act it was repealed. The nul
lification episode was the beginning of a
rupture in the Democratic party. Calhoun
and his sympathizers were soon claimed
by the Whigs. Opposition to Jackson In
various Southern States contributed to the
building up of the Whig party throughout
the South.
Jackson and the Bank.
It has been characteristic of American
democracy to look with suspicion upon the
political power of money, either in the
hands of individuals or of incorporated in
stitutions. Jackson shared the popular
prejudice against the United States Bank,
and his first annual message raised ther
question of its constitutionality and its ex
pediency, and suggested an early consid
eration'by Congress of the granting of a
new charter when it should be asked for.
The constitutionality of the bank had
been repeatedly affirmed by the highest
i judicial authority in the land, while the
present charter would not expire until
IS3S. Professor Sumner tells us that the
bank was now under most wise and care
ful management and in excellent condi
tion. The country waS tranquil and pros
perous and the currency was good. All
this was upset by the President,^ mes
sage. The currency became disordered
and the banks were troubled, while the
general feeling was one of uncertainty and
uneasiness. The vague recommendation
by the President of a bank "founded on
the credit of the Government and its rev
enues" as a substitute for that devised by
the great Federalist financier seemed to
point toward dangerous paper money
In 1532 Congress was asked to recharter
the bank, and the bill Passed both
Houses. It was promptly vetoed by the
President, and the National Republicans
were not strong enough to carry It over
the veto The question was now made a
party issue. As Professor Sumner says
of the President's supporters: The bank
nuestlon was one of the great questions
through which Jackson's popularity and
his will hammered them into a solid party
phalanx." The campaign of 1532 was
fought for "the bank or Jackson, and
Jackson won by an overwhelming major
ity over Clay. Henceforth he could not
but feel that In fighting the bank, as in
putting down nullification, he was carry
ing out the wishes of the people.
One of the principal functions of the
bank was the furnishing of facilities to
the Government for collecting and pay-
Ing out Its revenues without expense to
lfelf It was an arrangement not only
economical for the administration but ad
vantageous to the bank and to the peo
ple as it kept in circulation money
paid into the national treasury. But It
was true, as its enemies asserted, that It
gave the bank great political power; that
it might use its great sums of money for
Influencing elections. It might favor the
friends of the Government and oppress its
enemies. There seems to be no room for
doubt that in the election of 1532 the bank
did so use its financial power. Jackson had
always, regarded it a3 a strong agent in,
the hands of his opponents.
A clause in the charter permitted the
Secretary of the Treasury to deposit the
revenues in other banks at his discretion,
Jackson having by repeated removals and
new appointments secured a pliant Secre
tary who would do his bidding, caused
the deposits to be gradually with
drawn ard placed with certain banks
in the different States, which were
called the "pet banks." The national
bank, in consequence, became seri
ously embarrassed, and was forced to
stringent measures to protect Its credit.
Loans were called in. and great scarcity
of money resulted. Friends of the bank
In Congress were much exasperated. Web
ster and Clay succeeded in getting a vote
of censure upon the President passed
through the Senate. He replied with an
arrogant assertion of his own rrightot — to
his own interpretation of th"c constitution.
The unsettled condition of financial af
fairs, when the conservative influence of
the national bank having been destroyed
there was nothing to check the wild spirit
of speculation which overran the country,
at lastalarmedthe President. The national
debt had been paid, and even the reduced
tariff of 1533 brought in annually many
millions of surplus revenue. The Jackson
Democrats denied the constitutional
power of the Federal Government to use
the national funds for. internal improve
ments, declaring such undertakings to be
long to the States alone, and the Presi
dent vetoed or "pocketed" bills for such
purposes. What should be done with the
money which continued to pour into the
treasury? , .
According to a plan proposed by Cal
houn It was finally decided to' loan the
surplus without interest to the several
States in proportion to their Congres
sional representation. Nothing more was
needed to set the States off upon a course
of extravagant expenditures. The fever
for speculation became an epidemic.
Banks had multiplied Inordinately
through the country, all eager to share
In the favors bestowed upon the "pets."
The country was flooded with "rag
money," cheap and abundant. One of
AiITTEEIiIETJTS.
AMIAWIZ? YOU BET I AM!
THAT ACCOUNTS FOR THE
ENORMOUS - SUCCESS
OF THE SITPER.B COMIC OPERA.
The Wizard
of the fie.
WHICH, TIIIS EVENING. BEGINS
THE THIRD WEEK.
Eveninr» st 8. Matlsee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR OC . CA frt-f,,
prices. ... 60 and OU LeiltS
Telephone Bu^h 9
Jackson's last official acts was the Issu
ing of the "specie circular." by which he
vainly hoped to retrieve the tmanciai dis
aster which had befallen the nation. This
provided that only gold and silver an<t
notes of specie-paying banks should be
received for public lands. The effect was
almost instantaneous. Money at once be
came scarce and interest enormously high,
and the great financial crisis of 1537 fol
lowed, with untold suffering to vast mul
titudes, paralysis of business and serious
interruption to the development of the
country. Nevertheless Jackson's attitude
toward the bank did on the whole com
mand the popular approval and continued
to do so, and so deeply did he Impress
upon the Democratic party his hostility
to a national bank of the sort which ho
had overthrown that opposition to such,
institutions has become a permanent
party principle. The National Republi
cans were forced to bear the odium of the
evils resulting from the struggle with the
bank and never again dared, to go into a
campaign, on that issue.
Abolitionism.
Jackson's time witnessed th© rl3© of a
new movement for the destruction of sla
very. After the adoption of the Missouri
compromise In ls.'J tr.e opposition to sla
very was Quiescent for more than a de
cade, but about 1532 it started up with new
vigor and determination. Abolition socie
ties there had been from early colonial
days. Slavery was deprecated and apolo
gized for by the thoughtful and humane
North and South, and nearly all looked
for Its ultimate disappearance through
gradual emancipation. It was thus dying
out In the North, slowly Indeed, for as
late as IS4O a few slaves were still to be
found in Connecticut, New Hampshire,
Illinois, Wisconsin and other Northern
States. In 1529 William Lloyd Garrison, a
young printer in Baltimore, published a
demand for immediate abolition and the
use of every effort to bring it about, re
gardless of the interests or the wishes of
the slave owners. This has been likened
to the hurling of a firebrand into a pow
der magazine. Public feeling from one
end of the country to the other was soon,
aflame. Garrison issued the first number
of the Liberator in Boston January 1. ISSI.
The following year the New England
Anti-Slavery Society was formed to labor
for immediate abolition. The abolition of
slavery just at this time in the British
West Indies greatly stimulated Interest
in the subject in the United States. Abo
lition societies multiplied rapidly, and
many of the most able and earnest men
and women of the Northern States en
tered warmly into the crusade against the
great evil whose further tolerance they
regarded as a national sin. But slavery
hac! now become so thoroughly Intrenched
in the Southern States and so interwoven
with all their industrial and social life
that immediate emancipation was to them
a simple impossibility.
Naturally the violently aggressU-e atti
tude assumed toward their peculiar do
mestic institution by the new school of
agitators aroused the most intense indig
nation throughout the slave-holding
States. At one or two points this inflam
matory condition of public sentiment af
fected the administration of Jackson. For
several years the slave States had been
enacting laws punishing with outrageous
penalties the circulating of printed matter
calculated to excite dissatisfaction among
the slaves: and when, in 15.%, the aboli
tionists began to sow broadcast their per
nicious doctrines through the mails It was
felt that the emergency justified extreme
measures. The Postmaster at Charleston.
S. C, refused to deliver such incendiary
publications and appealed to the Post
master General for "instructions." Kcn
dal gave an ambiguous reply, but other
documents from his band, evidently "in
spired" by Jae*son himself, clearly show
ed his sympathy with the Southern view.
The President's message of lA£ brought
the matter before Congress and proposed
a law prohibiting the circulation through
the mails of matter objectionable tr> the
South. Calhoun drew a bill in accordance
with the suggestion, but Congress reject
ed It, and in the accompanying discussion
it was made clear to many that slavery
and the freedom of thf* press could not
coexist. Not only did this attempt to es
tablish a censorship of the press In the
Interest of slavery come to naught, but
a bill was passed the same year forbid
ding postmasters unlawfully to retain any
mailed letter or parcel "with intent to
prevent the arrival and delivery of the
same."
In IS3G Michigan and Arkansas entered
the Union, the one with freedom, the
other with slavery. The anti-slavery
members of Congress, whose leader was
John Qulncy Adams, could not deny that
admission f>f the slave State of Arkansas
was implied in the provisions of the Mis
souri compromise, and no serious opposi
tion could be made.
Glancing swiftly over this momentous
era, we see "popular sovereignty" domi
nant in the person of the President, and
Congress subordinate, while the Demo
cratic party la consolidated as never be
fore. We recognize henceforth as Demo
cratic principles opposition to national
banks, to internal improvements and to
protection as a national policy: while the
party Is seen to be united In its adoption
of the spoils system, in its support of the
veto power, which Jackson freely used
throughout his "reign" as President had
never used It before, and united in gen
eral in its strict construction views of
constitutional questions, though deter
mined in resisting State assaults upon
Federal rights.
V. PARTIES DTJHING THE JACK
SON PERIOD.
(Continued.) y
BY JESSE MACY. Ll* D.
Nullification.
The spirit of the angry Southerners In
view of the passage of the tariff of IS2S
was set forth by Calhoun In the Exposi
tion and Protest of December of the same
; year. This paper declared that the sov
ereignty of the States was clearly estab
lished by constitutional precedents, and
that the constitutional relation of the
States to the Federal Government plainly*
Implied "a veto or control on the action
of the general Government." It suggested
that South Carolina should in convention
Impose the veto of the State upon the re
cent action of the central Government and
"decide In what manner the tariff act
ought to be declared null and void." Noth
ing followed at once upon the announce
ment of this bold proposition. A President
chosen by the Southern States was about
to enter upon the duties of hla office. It
seemed wise to wait and see what he
would do for his outraged friends.
It was soon clear that President Jackson
would brook no Infringement upon the
rights and powers of the Government of
which he was the head. Personal ill feel
ing between Jackson and Calhoun helped
LET II THE LIGHT,
Have No Secrets in
Business.
Sincerity, Simplicity and Honesty
Make Pattosien's Name a
Household Word.
HIGH QUALITY and CUT PRICES
and SQUARE DEALING are the
three graces that are ever present in
Pattosien's big Furniture Exposition
Building, corner Sixteenth and Mission
streets. That is why Pattosien's arc
doing the business. Because they do
not believe in putting a price on Roods
that they are not worth and then Rive a
big discount to make you believe you
are getting a special bargain and a bet-
ter price than the other fellow — no. sir!
That is not Pattosien's way of doing
business.
The principle that puts the buyer and
the seller on a footing of everlasting
friendship and begets confidence is
common honesty.
Pattosien's success, which spreads it-
self over this coast from north to south
and cast to west, is due to honest busi-
ness methods. Everything clean,
healthy, inviting, terr.ptinsr and irresist-
ible in the big three-acre store and in
its methods. But remember that all
prices on ail things, such as Sideboards.
China Closets, Chamber Suits. Hall
Racks, Chiffoniers, Couches. Lounges.
Chairs and Rockers. Carpets and Cur-
tains, are only about three-quarter of
what you arc asked to pay at the
"installment combine" stores or at the
"society shop?."
No place like home.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HITE CASE ENDS
11 COMPROMISE
FOR A BIG SUM
Indian Lucy Will Receive
Twenty-One Thousand
Dollars.
! Some of Her Attorneys Squeezed Out
of the Deal and Legal Com
plications Are Likely to
Ensue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARIPOSA. April 29.— The celebrated
i Hite case, in which Mrs. Lucy Hite sued
! Millionaire John Hite for a division of the
community property, has come to an end
by & compromise for the sum of $21,000.
This means the end of a lengthy litiga
tion brought about by the Indian woman's
claims of wifehood.
John Hite w^s represented by "W. W.
Foote and F. J. Castlehun of San Fran
cisco. The Indian woman employed as
her attorneys Van R. Paterson, Arthur
Rodgers, W. S. Church ar.d Charles Ilan
lon. but the compromise was effected
through the local attorneys of the de
fendant, Cqndon & Condon and W. B.
Church. It was reported last night that
in the settlement Kodgers and Paterson
were ignored and also Charles Hanlon, W.
S. Church remaining as the sole San
Francisco attorney. The Indian woman
will soon ask the courts to substitute W.
S. Church for all her former counsel. For
the money which the Indian woman will
receive she will release John Hite from all
claims that she may have against him.
Hite was a Mariposa miner in the pio
neer days and was fortunate in striking
a claim that made him a millionaire.
Lucy and he were on Intimate terms for
twenty years, as the testimony showed.
During one of his visits to San Francisco
Hite met and married Miss Nougues of
Oakland. This was in lSy7 and a year
later Lucy liled a suit for absolute di
vorce and her share of the community
property. The case was tried before
Judge Jones of Martinez, sitting in San
Francisco. Before the findings-were en
tered and the decree prepared he died
and several legai complications developed
in consequence.
A few months ago the attorneys of the
woman, according to stipulation, filed a
suit for $23.<>J0 for counsel fees. This was
to be tried before Juoge J. E. Prewett
within a few days. Some few legal com
plications In regard to the attorneys'
claims will certainly develop over the
case. ;
EMBEZZLER INGERSOLL
CAUGHT IN THIS CITY
The Defaulting Treasurer of Tompkin
County, N. V., Locked Up in the
City Prison.
THE SAX /FKANCISCO CALL, MOJNBAir, Ai'itiij 3U, iIIUO.
AMUSEMENTS.
<2iV MF£_T E? P r. A w
TO-NIGHT "SUE!
PICTUREPQUE PRODUCTION
Of Bret Harte'n Beautiful Story of th© Early
I>ays of California.
SEATS— l5c,^5c, 35c, 50c.
EXTRA MATINEE
TO-MORROW, TUESDAY,
DtlA/EY DMY.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
FAIRBANK BROS., MABEL LE CLAIR, THE
LEVIS. EVANS AND MAITLAND. ALICE
RAYMOND. DAVENPORT SISTERS.
JONES. DAVIS AND HEARD. NEW UOV-
ING PICTURES.
Amateur Night, Thursday.
Cakewalk Night, Saturday.
Order Seats by Phone Park 23.
5Mills College Founders' Day.
"Founders' day" exercises will be held
at Mills College Saturday morning, May 5
There will be music and addresses.
ADVXHTISEMENTS.
r *ce. <* 5 0 2 0 9 0 0
McCarthy. 1. f. 4 13 0 10 2
Babbitt, s. s 3 0 0 0 2 5 1
«. OITO Ti r - f < 1 2 2 1 0 0
£ ne< lb ,C 3 10 0 6 10
Moore. 3b.. 4 12 0 2 0 2
Harper, p < 1 1 1 0 2 0
Totals 37 7 14 3 27 10 5
SAN FRANCISCO.
r, ,v - .w Aa R - BH - SB - p O- A. E.
Brockhnff, 3b 4 10 0 0 3 1
McCarthy, lb 4 0 1 0 16 0 0
Km*, c. f 4 10 0 10 0
Hlldebrand, r. f 3 0 1 0 0 0 1
Levy, 1. f 3 110 0 0 0
Schwartz, c 4 0 0 0 8 2 1
ReMly. 2b 4 0 0 0 14 0
Peeples, g. s 0 10 0 3 2 0
Ibur&, P 3 0 10 0 3 0
Totals 29 4 4 0 27 14 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 22200010 7
Base hits 0 16 2 2 0 0 1 S— l4
San Francisco 0 02000110—4
Base hits 0 0110010 I—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper 2 Ibur-r 6
Three-base hit— Moore. Sacrifice hits— Babbitt
2, Morrow, Pine, Levy. Double play— Court
ney to Babbitt to Pine. Bases on balls— Off Har-
ET. 7 't W »<i.rltch"-Harper 2. Hit by pitched
ball— Jack McCarthy. Struck out— By Harper
8 Iburg 4. I*ft on bases— Stockton 8, San
Francisco 2. Time of game— 2:ls. Umpire-J
Donovan.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Sacramento 0 12010100—5
Base hits 0 1111120 I—B
Oakland 0 0000000 3—3
Base hits 1 0010000 2—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 1. Two-base
hits— Hasan. Shanahan. Sacrifice hit—Dever
eaux. First base on errors — Sacramento 4,
Oakland 1. First base on called balls—Sacra
mento 2, Oakland 1. Left on bases—Sacra
mento 5, Oakland 2. Struck out — By Moskiman
3. by Hushes 1. Double plays— Lanpe to
Francks to Hutchinson: Schmeer to Hutchln
son to Lance; Francks to Schmeer to Hutch
inson. Time of Kame — 1 h«ur 20 minutes. Um
pire—Graves. Official scorer— J. W. Staple
ton.
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 4, Oakland 3.
Most of the excitement of the morninf?
game at Oakland was born In the ninth
inning, the score reading 3 all. With one
man entombed and the bags filled by Har
die, Schmeer and Hammond, Francks
came to the plate. He tried to bunt, but
his effort was lost in a gentle pop fly
right into Devereaux'3 mits, Schmeer be
ing doubled at third nnd the Dudes rele
gated to the field. This was Cal Ewlng's
cinch unpiped. Devereaux earned the credit
of winning the game for the Sacramento
men. Over the fence for a home run was
his star specialty, and then the bats were
packed.
. Bevelle and Salsbury did the twirling,
the former allowing but seven hits, while
the Oakland men worked off ten on Sals
bury. The seventh Inning was a bad one
for Bevelle. After one man had been sent
to the benches McLaughlin hit safely, and
the next three men walked. Devereaux
scored on Doyle's hit. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Fehmeer, v. 8 4 11 0 3 1 0
Hammond, c 4 0 114 0 0
Hutchinson, lb 4 0 0 0 8 1 0
Francks, 2b 5 13 0 3 2 0
Dunleavy, r. f. & 1. t 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Drennan. c. f 4 0 10 10 0
Lance, ?,b 4 0 1 » 0 1 2 0
Moskiman, 1. f. & p.. 4 0 1 2 2 0 0
Bevelle. p 3 0 10 14 1
Hardle, r. t 1110 0 0 0
Total* 37 *8 10 3 "24 10 ~1
•No one out when winning run was made.
SACRAMENTO.-
, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln, 1. f 4 1 1 3 1 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 2 2 2 6 4 1
Eapan. a. s 3 0 10 14 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 2 2 1
Doyle, r. f 3 0 10 0 0 0
Shanahan. c. f 1 1 0 0 0 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 1 0 14 0 0
Stultz. 2h 4 0 0 0 3 2 2
Salsbury, p 4 0 10 12 0
Totalß 3D *4 1 1 27 M "4
RUNS AND HITS BY- INTNIXOS.
°« clan< \..' •"•• 1 0010000 I—3
Base hits 1 2 0 2 0 0 2 1 2-10
Sacramento 0 0010020 I—4
Base hits 1 0 0 1111 1 I—7
SUMMARY.
w?™» „?£ P E£ b e for -Oevelle 3. Moskiman 1.
Home run-Devereaux. Two-base hlts-Francks,
H h an '2h- yle -_, Sacrifice hits - Hammond
9 «*^L£ )- I Flr^ baEe on errors-Oakland
£ Sacramento 1. First base on called balls-
Oakland 2 Sacramento 6. I^eft on bases-Oak
land 10. 10. Struck out-By Be
£&.?»»& Sal ? bu T y *• play»-Francks
to, Hutchlnson: Devereaux, unassisted. Time
of (rame— l.oO. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer
— H. o. Mcr arlin.
Stockton Beats Frisco.
STOCKTON, April 29.— At Goodwater
Grove to-day a large crowd uaw the
Stocktons extract the stings of the San
Francisco Wasps to the tune of 7 to 4.
beating them for the second time In two
days. Harper, who twisted for Stockton,
passed seven men on his delivery, while
Stockton got fourteen hits off Iburgr. The
score: -.-
STOCKTON.
.;_, ¦ Aa R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, c. t 6 1 1 0 1 0 0
Courtney. 2b 5 1 3 0 6 2 0
L. H. Owens 15 15 13
H. H. White 16 15 10
C. C. McMahan 14 15 15
J. M. Collier 13 13
Dr. B. F. Alden 17 15 15
C. Halrd 15 12 12
C. W. Deblnham 14 14 14
D. H. Halle 12 18
J. H. Dur*t 15 IS 14
George Chappelle 12 13 13
V. G. Harlan 17 13 14
W. J. Burke ? 14 lfl
Sprinßbrookp 8 16 7
George Larhmers 4 5*
J. Herryman g 10 9
D. C. Hubbard 14 12 13
W. Forrester 16 15 1".
H. B. Gray 7 9 10
C. M. French 12 10 11
G. V. Kibbey 6 4..
P. C. St. John 12 17 14
Fox 17 16 14
Armitape 15 17 17
A. T. Hyde 15 15 IS
S.Thompson 15 16 IS
T. A. Hon? 12 13 17
D. H!«mukes 12 13 16
C. Foin 16 16 17
Jj. Ingalsbe 10 13 12
K. Ickes 14 10 13
F: Stone 14 8 14
A. -Mac-hen 13 8 IS
S. Hnldsclaw 12 8 14
A. MeShield 17 15 16
"Rambler" 7 14 9
J. Carroll 17 IS 17
A. Merrill IS 13 16
C. Arquos 10 10 11
Heidelberg 16 17 17
G. Anderson 13 14 19
R. Coykendall 16 15 13
W. B. Hobson 15 16 17
J. Haven 10 15 19
Frank Merrill 14 12 IS
Or. W. George 13 7 10
I.cc Durham 14 12 13
R. E. Lemon ¦ 16 14 19
J Ross 13 n n
H. C. Hartley , 15 14 16
Joseph Taylor 13 9 11
W. M. C 18* 13 15
J. U. McCutcheon 13 16 17
Harry Hoyt io 12 10
J. Vavette Jr 10 li 13
J. Kaher 6 n io
Thomas Lewes 3 2 5
M. O. Fuedner 16 15 IS
C. Cramman is 19 19
Webb 15 v is
C. A. Haight 15 15 17
TV. C. Golcher 17 12 15
Kdg-ar Foster 17 18 17
K. K. Jones is 14 15
J. Burns 14 16 is
P. M. i*mith 14 17 16
J. J. Sarney 17 15 15
H. Justins 13 17 if,
W. Murdock H 13 is
\V. Sears 14 17 12
E. Sehultz 15 12 17
Trombull 17 v 19
W. Williams , 17 13 ig
T. Klevesahl 13 14 \$
Charles Karr 10 7 13
C. W. L#nhart 9 14 10
J. Vaushn ¦. 13 ig v
M. Chick v 15 18
B A. Fano is 11 12
FM Donahoe 6 7 1'
D. n. Harris 7 10 13
Fred Fuedner lg 20 17
T>r. Derby 17 14 1S
Pellaneld 7 4 2
K. A Fuedner \ 17 15 17
E. Kerlsson 13 1? 15
W. H. Price »:"M^ « 18 «
James Rice 15 15 jj
W. J. Stockton 11 19 it
& £ h Ped ' ar " " » "
W. Fish 14 -J4 1S
F - A - Hodapp 14 13 17
E Olsen 9 13 10
n Rarcroft ..] n 10 13
™- Mears 1? 11 U
FALSE RUMOR OF
A FOREIGN BOOK
AT EMERYVILLE
Closing Week of the Racing
Season at the Track Over
the Bay.
An Excellent Card of Running Events
To-Day— Barney Schreiber Will
Take Jockey Ruiz
East.
The report gained some credence in turf
circles yesterday that a foreign book
would be put in operation at Kmeryville
at the conclusion of the racing season
on Saturday next. It is a canard so ut
terly absurd as to scarcely merit deny
ing. Time and again Thomas H. Williams
Jr., president ol the Caliiornia JocKey
Club, has said no foreign dook would ever
Una a place on his track, and nothing
has occurred o- change his views. It waa
circulated, no douot. by the enemies of
clean and honest sport. .
from a recent report, Bookmaker Joe
Rose is more than apt to experience some
trouble in the far Kast over the ruling
maue uy the OaKland track folks in warn- J
ing him off the course. An Kasvern turf j
writer recently wired to California askin.< |
for particulars, so there must be "some- j
thing Uoing." i
.Barney bchreiber says he. Ijad an offer
for imp. Sain, but haruly up to the <20,000
notch. A purchaser of the black horse i
at that tigure could appropriately name !
the first of his get Insane.
Frank Eckert is reported to be $20,000
behind, as a result of this season's Cali- '
fornia trip. Much of It was lost specu
lating on the outside.
At one stage of the game Johnny Cole- |
man was probably $40,000 to the good. He ;
struck some squally weather, until the
sum has shrunk to about $5000.
"Sandy" Smith, the well-known reins
man, will leave this week for Cleveland,
under engagement with Millard Saunders.
"Sandy" went down the line last year
with Tom Keating.
Barney Schrelber will take Ruiz East
with him to do the heavy-weight riding
for his stable. The boy is a top-notcher if
he will attend to business.
The Denver meeting; which opens on
June 9, will attract a large number of
California horsemen. Already over a
dozen well-known stables have applied for
stall room. The purses are liberal and
the management sure. James J. Caldwell
will do the starting.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
1130 Kettle C1ark. ..104 1160 Meadowl&rk ...109
1149 Tourist II 104 1136 Bona 104
1025 Solano 121 1147 Anita B 104
1144 Majesty 121 1149 My Dear 104
ll'>3 San Augustine. lo6. 1141 Elsln 121
1105 Clarando 104 1149 Mahogany 121
Second Race — Futurity course; three-year
olds and upward; selling.
563 Manzanllla 1071 1141 Gold Baron lf«
163 Odd Eyes 11«: 1147 Jim Brownell..lo3
1145 Almoner llSl 1151 Skirmish 107
1129 Chappie 121 1 1153 Moscow Boy 121
linn Rlcardo 100, 1147 Enjoyment 104
1163 Mrs. C NMI
Third Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; purse.
1136 Ixu-ise Hayman 95! 1151 Strongoll 11l
1157 OHnthus 11l' (lOSl)High Hoe 114
794 Yellow Tall :..lio! ai63)Tuthill 110
Fourth Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
1166 Gaylon Brown.. 110 1130 Kittle Lundy...loO
llfil Carllee 105' 114S Follow Me 103
Ol«))Rollick 113 1110 Articulate 108
1166 El Orlente 10S (lft-,7) Parsifal 113
(1 135) Diderot 110 1143 Cambaceres ....103
1037 Opal Stone. -.100 1166 Jim Hale 105
Fifth Race — One and one-elg-hth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
1145 Stuttgart 108 1145 Dr. Marks 11J
1170 Gauntlet 11l 1164 None Such 122
1140 Anchored 108 i 1164 Allenna 101
1154 Coda 110 1144 Croker 113
1170 Storm King.... 115 !
Sixth Race — One and one-sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; purse.
(1137) Mortgage SS 11CT The Fretter ....108
(1150)Rosinante 107 1170 Snips 102
1150 Morlnel 102 1152 Inverary II 104
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Clarando, Elsin. Nettle Clark.
Second race— Manzanllla, Gold Baron. Skir
mish.
Third race— Tellowtall, Tuthlll. High Hoe.
Fourth race— Rollick, Diderot, Gaylon
Brown.
Fifth race— Allenna, Storm Kins. Stuttgart.
Sixth race — Mortgage. Roslnante. Snips.
BEACON WINS IN
STRAIGHT HEATS
FROM PALO ALTO
Little Choice Between the
Two Greyhounds in
Speed.
Curtis & Sons Also Divide the Open
Stake at Union Park With
Cavalier and Flying
Fox.
Curtis & Son's blue dog Beacon won his
specia.l match with ISugene Geary's Palo
Alto in two trials yesterday at Union
Ouur.sintj Park, iiotli courses were long
iiicl resulted lii fully testing the speed,
Mamma and sameness of the two great
greyhounds. Beacon scored fourteen
points to his opponent's lour in the Hist
iriul. ai:d thirteen :o eleven in the second.
In the lirst Paio Aito led at one time by
nearly two lengths, but, as is his custom,
he hesitated as he approached his game,
and Ji<?;icon shot in for the turn. Alter
that Beacon outworked the son of Kmin
Pasha and won handily. In the second
course iitacou led well. After scoring
several iiiuta he stumlued and fell. PaiO
A:to took P'-isststioii and tied the score.
'Hie km wuuid have won the course tor
mm, out lie couiu not eaten the elusive
na;e. Leacun Unaiiy maue up his iosi
ground auu, ouMui.iT in. killeu, thus se
curing iiie i<ou;ts necessary to win. Bea-
Con vva.s a biiouj- lavijiue eacil time.
'lhe t.i/cii *ta.ive lookeu to be ail Curtis
in the iiitn round. Oi tne eignt uogs lext
:n me represented the fc-an juse coursing
: firm. TfitEC live were Luxur, t lying i' o.v,
! Cavalier. V mean and Mcldnley. vi the
1 rt-znajnocr two, Crawlora Luu and £•«
i pita, represented K. K. m.- H. Lop-.-z
: c<<j;i, ivi;i:e J. Antnony'a Patriot %vas an
i outsider which uau surprised the epecia
! tors Lbrousbout the day.
Luxor was witiiaiawii, as he had run
' three txira courses in which he was U!i
: sighted curing the arternoon. in me
next round the snake was narrowed down
, to Pepita and Csfvaiier; Patriot and Fly
ing rux. The two Curtis aogs, Cavauer
. and Flying Fox. won their respective
, courses and divided first and second
! money.
'lhe day could not pass without its sur-
I prise to the bettors, ihis time it was the
; defeat of Ireland by Wundi-nng Tom, tno
former being favorite at 10 to 1. He
'¦ shuwed the speed, but his opponent was
not to be denied and outworked him, win
¦ ning by a score of 7 to 5. Bonnie Pasha.
a sisttr of Ireland, was defeated alter a
: long course by Aeueas.
The running of Patriot was the surprise
of the day. He defeated Warship by the
latter laying off his game and not Trying
to kill. He also defeated Vulcan in a close
working course.
The hares were a strong lot and afford
ed good sport, thoroughly testing the
aogs in the majority of courses. The de
tailed results of the running with Judge
John Grace's official scores follow:
T. J. Cronins Maid of Bail beat It. E. de B
Lopez' Crawford Hex. 16—10; Curtis & Son's
McKinley beat J. I. O'Brien's Statesman, 4—o;
Gus Abercromble't- Kock Islam! Boy beat F
Van Boosten'a Mapnet. 6—l; T. J. Cronin's
Thurnhill best K. Brown's Sw*>et Briar. 4—o;4 — 0;
T. Logan's .Sash a bye. Cash withdrawn; lius
f?ll. .-Ulen & Wilson's Chicago Boy beat J M
Kalten'i Lavender, 4—o;4 — 0; D. VYin.ier's Kar.dom
Aim beat Aeneld Kennel's- .Apam? mnon. 12—3;
Curtis & Pen's Cavalier beat l.unde & Gerber's
Kienzi. 6—l: X. P. Wh'.tine'g St. Anthony beat
T. J. Cronin's Vixen. s—l; J. P. Thritts" Bru
tus beat Pasha Kennei'g Round About. B—2;
Curtis A Son's Vulcan b»at I^owe & Thomp
son's Flora McDonald. 2—o; E. M Kellr i,- X 's :
Kid McCoy beat Sterl & Knowies' Sleety M,Ft,
.".—{¦; H. B. de B. Loprz' Pepita beat Ous Aber
cromble'i" Rock Island King. t>— 3; EC K. de B.
Loptz' Crawlord Lad beat Maher & Reid's
fingieton, 6—o; P. McCabe'a Honey Boy beat
R. E. de B. Lc/pez' Soft Goods. C— o; F. A. Mc-
Corr.b'B Little Sibter beat Lane & Thompson's
Prince Hal, o—0;o — 0; J. Horn's Bona
Fide heat Pasha Kennel's Metallic, 8—1;
Aeneid Kennel* Aeneas beat E. Geary's Bon
nie Pasha. ZZ—IZ; P. J. Reply's Grafter beat
Curtis <£ Sin's Blackette. 6—2; G. W. Heintz'
Herschel's Pride beat J. Martinet's Slim. 4—3; ]
J. I. O'Brien'E Wandering Tom Itent 11. Geary'n !
Irelan.i. 7— C: J. H. liarrii=on'» Hot Haste Iwat j
Al Austin*! Firm Foe, fc— 3: Curtis & Sjn's Fly- |
Ing Fox beat J. OT'owd's SbootOtrer, 6—2;6 — 2; E.
If. Kellogg's- lowa Boy beat J. Carroll's Auck- !
land. 7—4; R. K. de B. Lopez' Whitehead beat ¦
W. H. Lord's Revolver, &— 3: Curtis & Son's
Luxor beat Pas=ha Kennel's Royal Anne, 4—o; :
M. London's Magneto b»at J. W. W. Muller's ;
Cruiser. 4—o;4 — 0; T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee a
bye. Oriole withdrawn: P. J. Reilly's Warship a
bye. BendalonK withdrawn; J. Anthony's Pa
triot beat P. J. Reilly'e Plaughbojr. 10—0.
Second round— McKinley beat Maid of Bail.
7—o; Rnrk Islar.d Boy beat Thornhill. 5—4;
Honor Bright beat Chicago Boy. 6—4; Cavalier I
beat Random Aim. 4—2: Brutus beat St. An
thony. 3—l:3 — 1: Vulcan beat Kid McCoy. s—o;5 — 0; Pe
pita beat Boney Boy. s—l;5 — 1; Crawford Lad beat
Little Sister. s—o:5 — 0: Bona Fide a bye, Aeneas
withdrawn: Herschel's Pride beat Grafter.
4—2; Hot Haste beat Wandering Tom, 15— S;
Flyir.e Fox b«at lowa Boy, b— l; Luxor beat
Whitehead. 3—2; Rose of Tralee beat Magneto,
B—4; Patriot beat Warship. 11—8.
Third round— McKinley beat Rock Island Boy,
&— 3; Cavalier beat Hor.nr Bright, 4—o; Vulcan
beat Brutus. 15—11; Pepita beat Bona Fide,
4—o; Crawford Lad beat Herschel's Pride, 9—5;
Flying Fox bfat Hot Haste. s— o; Luxor beat
R»se of Tralee. 3—2: Patriot a bye.
Fourth rcund— Pepita beat McKinley, 7—5;7 — 5;
Cavalier beat Crawford Lad. 4—o;4 — 0; Flying Fox
a bye, Luxor withdrawn; Patriot beat Vulcan,
6—4.
Fifth round— Cavalier beat Peplta: Flying
F*-,x b<at Patriot. The Curtis representatives
divided first and second money.
The sale of six greyhounds, imported by
J. H. Kosseter, proved a success. The
total amount realized was $1435. The pur
chasers of the saplings, with the prices
they paid, were: George Sharman, $430;
G. Van Bergen, $300; Russell, Allen & Wil
scn, tSud; and Captain Cane, $150. For the
first season dogs, J. J. Kenney paid $175
and P. J. Traynor $IGO.
Purely ve-jetable. mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption anil
healthiul resulartty.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. B!a«Mer. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
stipation. Plies and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. r>c a box. At Druggists, or
by malL RADWAT & CO.. New Tork.
The various handball matches played
yesterday at Phil Ityan's court resulted
as foliows:
H. I. Rogers and R. Lonpabach. 21— 21— 21-
E. J. Murphy and E. Antrim, 14— IS— 10.
J. McNamara and T. McManus, 21—21—20' J
Looley and S. Garvey, I»— l3— 2L
O. Ackerson and C. Lone, 21— 20— 21 • H
Tor.er and P. Hutchinson, 13—21—15. '
P. Munz and C. Smith. 21—21—21; C. Garden
and O. Garden. 12— la— ll.
It. Murohy and J. Condon. 21— 21— IS' T
Leach and It. Ilausman. 10— 16— 21.
I. Ryan and G. U. Hayward. 21— 1S-21; W.
FUher and J. J. Canavan. 14—21—17.
Dan O'Bripn and G. Llndauer. 21—21—21- J
Leonard and J. McLauehlln. 16— 9— 11
E. Curley and E. Toy, 21—20—21; \V. Marulre
and W. Williams, 17-21-12. *«*uire
A. Whiteman and J.J ohnson, 21—21—21* E
White and I. Klllian, 8-18-lsr
M J. Kllrallon and R. Llnehan, 21—21—21—
32—^6; J. lUordan and M. Dillon. IS— l4— l3—
SUNDAY CYCLE RACING.
LOUISVILLE.. April 29.-Sunday bicycle
racing was Inaugurated In this city to-day
on the Fountain Ferry track under the
auspices of the National Cyclists' Associa
tion. Delightful weather and the pres
ence of most of the notables among the
sprinters served to bring out a large at
tendance. Eddie Bald acted as starter
He had not yet rounded Into racing form*
and the same may be s»aid of some of the
other top-notchers. Earl Riser was pres
ent but did not race. Tom Cooper quali
fied in the first heat of the mile open, but
finished fourth In the final, while In the
mile handicap. starting alone from
the scratch, he was unable to catch the
bunch and dropped out after two laps.
Met arland also showed lack of form fall
ing to qualify for the final.
The best race of the day and one of the
most closely contested ever seen on this
track was the motor tandem race for two
miles between Mcr'arland and Stevens
and Houseman and Rutz. The two teams
alternately led to the stretch, when In a
desperate sprint Houseman and Rutz
beat their opponents by the narrowest
kind of a margin. Summaries*
One mile, open, professlunal. final— Orlando
Stevens won. Freeman second. Newhouse third
Time, 2:06 3-5.
Half-mile handicap, amateur— Frank Denny.
Buffalo (scratch), won: William Roberts "(13
yards), second: Fed Hlckman. Birmingham (15
yards), third. Time. 1:01 1-5.
One ,^J IUe * hand 'caP. Professional, final— Free,
man (20 yards), won: Newhouse (40 yards), sec
ond: w. A. Rutz. New lUven (SO yards), third;
Stevens (20 yards), fourth. Time. 2:01.
Two-thirds of a mile. open, amateur— Frank
Denny, Buffalo, won; William Roberts. Louls
yl'lj-j second: Ped Hlckman, Birmingham,
third. Time, 1:29.
Two miles, tandem, motors— Houseman and
Rutz (Connecticut) won. McFarland and Ste
vens second. Time. 3:15.
BROOKLYN TAKES A JUMP.
Now Tied With the Philadelphias for
First Place.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Clubs— W. L. Pel Clubs— W L Pc
Philadelphia 6 3 .6671 New York.. 3 4 4»
Brooklyn ....6 3 .667! Pttt?burg .... 4 6 >0
St. Louis 5 3 .625 Chicago 3 6 331
Cincinnati ..6 4 .600 Boston 2 8 ''50
CHICAGO. April 20.-The St. Louis team out
played Chicago at all points to-day. The field
ing of the visitors was clean and their batting
was done at just the richt time. The Chlca-
Boans hit Sudhoff hard, hut generally straight
into the hands of the fielders. Score:
<?üb»? ub »- R. H. E.
Chicago 15 3
St. Louis 6 11 1
Batteries— Menefee and Donahue; Sudhoff and
O Connor. Umpire— O" Day.
CINCINNATI. April 29.-The Cincinnati? hit
hard enough to win two gameß, but errors
kopt the Plttsburcs In the hunt and they won
out In the eleventh Inning. The crowd made
ground rules necessary and this robbed the
locals of many three-baggers. Doubles by Ir
wln and Wood after two hands wore out tied
the score in the ninth. The locals made a sin
gle, a double and a 9lngle In the tenth, but
had two men thrown out al the plate. Attend
ance. 16,000. Score:
Clubs— R, H. E.
Cincinnati 6 15 5
Plttsburg 8 12 2
Batteries — BreltenMeln and Kahoe; Phfllput
and Schriver. Umpire — Swartwood.
Association Games.
MINNEAPOLIS. April 29.— Minneapolis 6,
Kansas City 4.
MILWAUKEE, April 29.-i Milwaukee 1 Chi
cago 2.
Minor Coast Games.
Special DinratCh to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, April 29.— The baseball season
opened here to-day with a hotly contested tame
between Santa Cruz and the Koenlgs of San
Francisco. The batteries were Daubenble and
Fitzgerald. Perrlnn and Eager. Score- Kni
nigs 2. Santa Cruz 1. "- 0 *-
MARTSVILLE. April 29.— The score of the
ball game played here to-day was: . Marysvllle
VISALIA. April 29. - The Fresno- Vlsalla
League baseball , game scheduled for this city
to-day was postponed on account of rain.
STRONG WIND AFFECTS
THE FLY-CASTERS WORK
The Ban Francisco Fly-casting ;iub
held its sixth Sunday contest yesterday
at Stow Lake. The weather conditions
were even less favorable than on Satur
day, with a strong southwest wind blow-
Ing. There was a good attendance, and
some excellent scores were made. In the
!or,g-distance event Lovett was first, with
a oast of 119 feet; Daverkosen was sec
ond, with 112 feet, and Brotherton third,
with 104 feet. In the accuracy event Mul
ler was first, with 'jl 8-12 per cent. Young
and Carr tylr.g for second place with
PI 4-12 per cent, and Loveit third, with
fci> S-12 per cent. The complete scores fol
low:
TWO CLUBS SHOOT
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
The rain which fell Intermittently all
yesterday at Schuetzen Park failed to
dampen the enthusiasm of the marksmen
who make the park their Mecca every
Sunday. Two clubs occupied the ranges
throughout the day. They were the San
Francisco Turner Schuetzen and the Call
fornias. The laurels in the latter club's
medal shoot fell once more to the veteran,
John Utschig Sr., who made the excel
lent score of 200. D. B. Faktor won sec
ond prize, with a score of 233.
R. Finking was victor in the Turner
shoot, with 364, John Utschig being a close
second, with 375. This club shot two
strings — one for April, the other for May.
Turner Schuetzen scores were as fol
lows:
For Aorll— A. Lang" 19S1. C. Bagrefcorn 2121.
A. Utschiec 2252. R. Finking 2424. fi Neilson
30S, F. SchumDf 1365, G. Tannmeyer tOU. F.
Kummer 1744. W. Nolden 27C3. F. Attlnger
1471, J. Utschljr 1567. O. Burmelster 724, Joe
Straub 764. H. Ente 2264. P. Jacobi 1030.
Drum Corps— Ben Jonas 1320, F. Kreuket 1317,
J. Kreukel 1115.
For May— Fred Kretzel 1271. C. Sarrehorn
707, GeorKe Tannmeyer IS2I. C. Neilson 1735.
F. Schumor 1605, F. Kamme 1927. W. Xolden
1041. R. Finking 364, R. Lange 1923. A. Utschli;
2035. F. Attinger 1208. O. Burmeister 1230, John
Utschls 373. J. Straub 1165. H. Eng» 1729.
Drum Con>»— B. Jonas 1107. F. Kreukel 2083.
J. Kreiikel 2500, W. Straub 929.
California Schuetzen— C. Sarehorn 1094, C.
TValden 252, R. Langre 1820. R. Finking 15«0,
Captain Ettlnrer 71">. R. Stettin 2075. J. Jones
973. F. A. Schumpf 1495. J. TJtuchic 200. \V.
F.hrenpcrt 214(5. G. Tannmeyer 1533. \V. Nolden
2372. J.-, Straub 130.-.. H. Eckmann 2SW. A.
Utschtg 564. A. Raweyler 1194. J. C. Waller 667.
A. Juneblut !4r,i. T. J. Carroll 414. P. Jacob!
2040, H. Ens? 1733. O. Burmelster 304. O.
Bremer 644, D. n. Faktor 233. J. L. Utscnlg
812. A. Breuese 32. A. Hampel SSS. A. Strecker
603. A. Brennln* 1333. M. Reubold 2241.
The picnic grounds were occupied by the
'•lSors and their friends, who crowded the
dancing pavilion and outside attractions.
THREE STRAIGHT
GAMES WON BY
THE SENATORS
Sacramen'o Plays Champion
ship Bali lor E.ght
Innings.
The Morning Match at Oakland Is
Won in the Ninth by a Home
Run From Bevereaux's
Bat
»
Sacramento 5, Oakland 3.
For eight innings, with Hughes in the
box, Sacramento played a faultless game
of ball yesterday afternoon at Recrea
tion Park. No errors, fast fielding and
good stick work made championship ball
of the Senators' play. In the last Inning
Hughes was touched for a couple of hits,
which, combined with an error, allowed
the only runß Oakland secured.
Moskiman did the pitching for the
Dudes, and was not hit very hard, but
his support was as ragged at times as It
waa brilliant at others. Schmeer distin
guished himself in a mixture of hot and
cold baseball, earning as many groans as
cheers.
Run getting started in the second. Two
men in the graveyard, and Doyle went to
llr-st, hit by the pitcher, scoring on Shan
ahan's double. The next Inning brought
two runs to the Senators. McLaughlln
walked, advancing a base on Devereaux's
hit, both runners appropriating a base on
Eagan's out. Mat Stanley then hit to
Schmeer, who juggled, McLaughlin and
Devereaux crossing the rubber.
The lifth brought Sacramento a single
tally, and showed some pretty infield
work by the Dudes. Mclaughlin, who waa
safe at first on Hutch's error, scored on
Eagan's double. Stanley rolled a hot one
to Schmeer, who threw him out at first,
and Hutchinson shot the ball to third,
where Eagan's runner died.
The ninth for Oakland opened with a hit
for Hardie and another for Schmeer, who
seemed to be able to locate Hughes'
curves. A juggle by Stulte of Hammond's
grounder and some good base running re
sulted in sending Hardie, Schmeer and
Hammond over the rubber. The score la:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln, 1. 1.... 4 3 2 1 2 0 0
rxHereaux, 3b 3 12 10 2 0
Kagan.-a. a 4 0 10 17 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0.0 4 1 0
Hushes, p 4 0 10 13 0
myle. r. t 3 110 2 0 0
Shanahan. c. X 4 0 10 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Sstultz, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 11
Totali 34 ~5 1 ~2 27 14 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Schrneer. a. • 4 13 13 6 3
Hammond, c 4 10 0 6 0 2
Hutchinson. lb 3 0 0 0 13 1 1
Francks. 2b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Drennan, c. f 4 0 0 0 0 10
Dunleavy, 1. f.. 3 0 0 0 10 0
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 0 0 5 0
LariKe, 3b 3 0 0 0 13 0
Hurdle, r. f 3 110 2 0 0
Totals SI 8 4 1 27 18 6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIRST SAIL OF THE
CORINTHIAN YACHTSMEN
Under xteefed Canvas the Amateur
Sailors Cruise About the Bay
in Squadron.
When the Corinthians opened their eyes
yesterday morning after one of the most
amusing and brilliant entertainments in
the history of the club, they found half a
{rale blowing from the southwest and Indi
ca.tk.ms or "dirty" weather.
Toward noon the wind became steadier
and the fleet pet sail under Fignal from
th<» flaeship May. A course was set to
ward Mt'ipps wharf and along the water
front. Then the fleet ran clos** under the
liows of the French cruiser Protet, the
"talent" on board the Ella singing the
••Marseillaise." to the great delight of the
men-nf-wars-men.
Going about, the fleet sailed as it
p'.easta. some of the yachts shaping a di
revt couorse to Tiburon Cove, while others
went around Angel Island and through
the Straits. Most of the yachts had a
reef in their mainsails, and the Sappho
and some others tnrik in a double reef.
Among the visiting craft were Stewart
and Bowers* f!oo:> Beatrice of the Oak
land Canoe Club. J. D. Spreckels* schooner
I^urllne and Commodore W. N\ McCar
thy's schooner Rnmona.
PROMINENT MARKSMEN AT THE FRESKO TOURNAMENT.
FRESNO, April 29.— The opening
shoot of the eighth annual tourna
ment of the California Inanimate
Target Association was held in this
city to-day at the grounds of the
Fresno Gun Club near the Pollasky depot.
The day was an exceedingly disagreeable
one, the men having to shoot in a driz
zling, cold rain. Notwithstanding the na
ture of the day there was a large crowd
In attendance to witness the bluerock
breaking and the gunners were out in
force. Only three of the day's events
were concluded, but some of the numbers
will be consolidated so as to complete the
tournament to-morrow without cuttingthi
programme. The weather interfered ma
terially with the marksmanship and few
good scores were made, some of the best
shooters falling below their standard.
Fred Fuedner made the only clean score
of the day.
The events shot were: The first for the
Lincoln Gun Club trophy, the second tor
the Empire Gun Club trophy and the third
for the E. T. Allen cup. The scores made
were as follows, the first column being for
the Lincoln trophy, the second for the
Empire and tbe third for the Allen cup:
J. H. Hatcher 14 13 15
P. C. Montgomery 15 11 18
Fred Vulie 15 10 17
\V. K. Wild 7 12 9
A. H. Murray Jr 4 12 5
\V. J. O'Neill 13 11 16
"Sands" IS 16 11
"Slarte" 12 15 16
M. C. Allen 10 14 16
Scandinavian Society's Outing.
The forty-first annual day and night pic
nic of the Scandinavian Society was held
yesterday at Shell Mound Park. The at
tendance was large, the Scandinavian col
onies from both sides of the bay being
well represented. Dancing was the prin
cipal amusement.
Tournament of the Inanimate Target Association at
Fresno Marred by the Inclemency of
thp Wp^ithpr
HARD COURSING
TELLS AGAINST
GOLDEN GARTER
Snapper Garrison Surprises
the Talent by Taking
First Money.
Ciarkson's Dog Is Runner-Up in the
Non-Winiier's Stake at Ingle
side Paik— Short Enders
Show Well.
J. Mortarlty'e Snapper Garrison won the
JCon-WlnneW' ptaKe at lngleside Coursini?
Park yesterday, with P. M. Ciarkson's
Oolden Carter as runner-up. The winner
beat cut Scottish Chief, Master Daven
port. Motto. Victor l>o>, Kocker and
Golden Garter, stllirs on the short end
In the last four event*.
Bocker was In good trim, though iuck
favor.d him ufciui.st For Glory in the
third tie. ibe Latter dog running unsighted
to the hare. Beauty Spot was handi
capped b> hard runs, and two undeciued
courses kilitd her chaocea fur the final
The runner-up also flowed fe'ood quali
ties for a you:^g cog. but the iiard work
at previous courses loia ugain^t him in
the deciding round, ai.d ;£:iai>i><_r Garrison
won about ;is he jikii^tti. Short ends
landed in «if:t.en of the «. vents, live of the
nix courses la the ttiird rou:.d go::;g
agair.tt the favorites. Following are the
oa> s rebUKs.
Non-u-inneW fuJce-First tie: P. Morgan's
Manila t>c*t T. tAnnlng's lioyal CUff; K. iii-
Cuinb's iiul'.u !.<ri.l H. C. Oiastons tiiiitomn;
J. it. Jsmitn'fc Cluster Uaveiijjk.ri teat J. lot
Itert lieiijus; J. Alt>r:ar»t> s- tonjijptr Garri
fjn L.ji .'. Hi-ldc-ire Scottish Cinef: James
IJean'e UrUlaxitlxte beat J. iii rnes' CMjrmpus;
KußMii, Alien & Wilivon's Vitcor Boy beat J.
Edmonds' «j« On: A. T. Leonards Master
Lawrcmt beat Jant-s Hurley's JJuincane; A.
X. I>e«^iiard's Mayaower In-at J. Lfe±nt> Hwert
L.i;>«; J. McNtli'6 iUack Hawk beat Kussell.
Alien & VV'Xlsoa'a Spiteful; J. Flower's Key
t-toue beat li. A. lAt-lteleman's Snai/«hot; K.
21. Kellott't- lowa Maid beat V. Knannon's
Safeguard; A. A. Gpfltaey"* False Flatterer beat
J. Hooavy'm *Mem Trtasure; J. K. Smith' a
Lady Sej»rs tn.ul l^*»n O'Cotin^ll's £*itan; cterl
A: Kr.uwlts' for Glory beat J. R. Smith's
Maxic: H. A. Oeckelman'a Hooker beat D.
Khannor.'B Strand of Gold; J. Byrnes' Kleven
Fpot beat E. M. KeUoeaT** liens iiab»; lius
f*ll, Ai!*>n & Wilson* Miss Allen zeat Kay
Uros.' Cr«>t>Fjiatch: H. L. Taylor's Beauty S;>ot
l^at R. E. d» B. I^ijpi & Son's Sara: W. C
Olasson's SJelch Uells beat K. HedJy's
Chauncy; C. li-mner' b Wild Xorah beat \V.
Mark's Thundert^lt; James Hurley's Ehylock
Hoy beat U. K. Wiley* Hi^h liorn Lady: W.
H. Shear's Alarum beat James Hurley's O X
Capitol; P. M. Ctarksoa'a l'lower of Gold beat
Cfeorge McEKjupall's Bpinflle; P. M. Ciarkson's
Golden Garter beat D. J. Healey's Granada.
Second tie— Motto beat Manila; Snapper Gar
rison beat Masf!' DaveßOort; Victor Isoy beat
Rriillantinp; &tcxter Lawrence beat Black
Hawk: Mayflower beat Keystone; lowa Maid
beat False Flatterer: For Glory brat Lady
Sears; Kix^ker beat Eleven Pnot; lU-auty Spot
r#at Miss Allen: Wild Xorah b«at Sleish
I>ells; t?hylock Boy beat Flower of Gold; Golden
Garter Lett Alame.
Third tie— fioapper Garrison b^at Motto; Vic
tor Boy beat Master Lawrence; lowa Maid
bear Mayflower: Ilorker beat For Gi'ory;
Beauty Knot beat \Vild Noran; Golden Garter
br-a.t Khylock Boy.
Fourth tie— Pnspper Garrison beat Victor Boy;
nocker beat lowa Maid; Golden Garter beat
Beauty Spot.
Fifth tie— Snai-rer Garrison beat Rocker;
Golden Garter a bye.
Final— £nari*r Garrison beat Golden Gar
ter.
CLAY BIRDS SHATTERED
BY CRACK MARKSMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APKIL 30, 1900.
HORSES THAT
WILL CONTEST
IN THE DERBY
Field in the Kentucky Clas
sic to Number at Least
Eight.
• —
Bsspite His Disposition to Sulk, F.
W. Brode's Chances Are Re
garded as Exceptionally
Good.
LOUISVILLE. April 29.-At Churchill
Downs next Thursday will be inaugurated
what promises to be the greatest -race in
the history of the Louisville Jockey Club.
Already the city is filling up. and It Is ex
pected that fully CO.OOO people will witness
the Kentucky Derby. As It now looks,
there will be a field of eight starters, and
possibly ten. The sure ones are: Lieu
tenant Gibson. Kentucky Farmer, F. V,'.
Brode. Hindus, Highland I^ad. Florlzar,
His Excellency and Benader. To these
may be added Thrive and Flaunt. Flaunt
worked the Derby route this morning in
2:10.
Although Lieutenant Gibson's stock has
depreciated during the past fortnight, he
will still go to the post a marked favorite.
Tom McDowell's colt His Excellency will
receive some consideration, as he made a
mile and an eighth on the Lexington track
In 1:54%. Notwithstanding F. \V. Brode's
ugly temper, hia owner says he will start
him in the Derby. He has sulked In his
last two races, but it may be that he will
take a notion to run kindly on Thursday.
If he should run to his California form
he would be a hard horse to beat. Ken
tucky Farmer will start, but his prepara
tion has been so slow and conservative
that he has few friends. Highland Lad
will be put in as the pacemaker for his
stable companion. Floiizar. Although not
considered a mile and a quarter horse, if
he goes after Lieutenant Gibson for the
first seven-eights he may prove bother
some to the backers of that colt. Hindus
Is a dark one.
By the time the Memphis continent ar
rives to-morrow there will be 1000 horses
here. The Turf Congress handicap, worth
about $3500. will be run on Saturday. It
has Bansle. John Bright, Pink Coat and
other good ones In It.
DR. MEYERS & CD'S FAIR OFFER : h
IF PATIENTS PREFER THEY J
may deposit the price of a cure in any !
San Francisco bank, to be paid only
after they are well, or may pay In
monthly installments. Prices reason- H
able. No other doctors will make such,
an offer. J i
They Cure ihe Following Ailments : r]
Private Diseases Lost Manhood f|
Varlcocele Nervous Debility |1
Hydrocele Leas of Memory H
Bladder Diseases Wastlnt* Drains H
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness tj
Spine Diseases Blood Poison l<j
Rupture Despondency rj
Adrics and Consultation Freo. ||
bP£CIALIbT3 — EsUbhshai aaarlj 20 ys»ri. I
731 MAKKET <GT., S. W. fi
Take Elevator to Third Floor. II
f Dally. 8 to 5. I J
HOURS: -I Evenings. 7 to S. m
I Sundays. 9 to 1L |4
Medlcinss F"c- tni Patients, y
4 QUART BOTTLES 53.20.
Express ch&rret) prepaid.
Highest crade for Medicinal or Family as*.
We give you th« benefit of the tnlddlsmea'a
profit, betides you are guaranteed Ut oar>
talnty of
fURE WHISKEY.
Nothing on case to tadlcat* ecnunu.
Money refunded It not sa-lifactory.
Reference, any business firm and eocuaeraau
¦evades.
f». EPHRAI/VI <fc CO..
Distillers' Azeata.
18 Montcomery street. San Francisco, Cal
tCTTwlc* the price could buy no bettr.
Nervousness
It <3ue to w>ak ar.d poorly nourished
nerveß and impure blood. ELHCTitO-
1 ZONE Is a positive f-ure for »rvous-
nesF. ELECTROZONE arts directly on
the blood an<s removes all inipurlties.
elvin*? the blood richneea. purity and
; nourishing power.
I NO ONE NELO OE A SUfrFEREK
; from this nffl'rtion If they will take
j ELECTROZONE.
3 ELCi ROZONE
1 IS CUBING HOIS NDS
In rverj portion of the civilized world —
; it Will cure you.
i £L, CTkOZONE
acts like magic in curing
Nervousness
,' Rheumatism
. Kidney and Bladder Ailments
1 Stcmach 1 roubles
Catarrh
\ All Blood Diseases.
\ At druerlFtt.. Jl a lwttle.
6»nd tor PaaiphW to
1 ELECTUOZONE MFG. CO.. 6an Fran-
I clsco.
AIUNYON'S INHALER
lT~ji CATARRH
A /J*c^ Colds, Coughs,
J||| ! JSSS£^ Hay Fever, Bron-
SHr^^^chltls, Asthma
f|^J_gfe]and ol! Diseases
Wr Oi thC Throat and
CloxKis of Medleateil Vapor «ro Inhaled
through tba moath and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and Tsportzin? all tbe Inflamed
and diseased parts wtlcli rannot be reacbed by
medicine taken lato Vxe stomach.
It reaehet the snre spot*— lt fiealt thr raw
places— lt goes to the seat cf disease— It acts at
a balm and tonic to the whole system— ft.oo at
druggists or tent by mail. ICJS Arch /St., I'Mla.
Pigeon Shooting, p™ m^i,-
D. ROBERTS, Uli JI UllLUb
Wholesale and Retail
Dealer In Lav* and; xwm contract to fur-
Dressed Poultry ami'nlsh. f or 2or 5 years.
Game. j any and all cluba, Llvs
mi n 1 ni I Pigeons at a reasonable
504 Front St I prlC e per .hot.
4vi3i« OR JORDAN'S srcat4
JHfiSEIKJ OF CB3T6BYJ
6 C\b iKllli£KsBt.t« 6>la?tt.s.r.CiL6 > la?tt.5.r.CiL A
V Bf Tb e La' Crt Anatomical Musruni in tbe \
9 £T2n§ss i«i« pcii<l»'-l*»oi««dhri|i<uiio!U J
A A^TOrA CB.«IO?.QA. a i -vfJYfcTE 3'SEAS£S4
\ liGvfen Ce:mi!t»tlon ffeo »nd rtri'tijr p'ivs:« \
/S 7 xS'i/li r " '- r'r-"r ' r -" perional'y " I > '«tet A Q
TO V^H M».»iw Cur*tne»ery ta»e undertaken. T
>0 H 11 H, Write for Book. Ipn*LOf»O»-Hli-»iI p n*LOf»O»-Hli-»i A
pin It™ «AnnUcE, m-iibo his 'AT
% n j[. nluifelc beet (or mro/ \
V DB JOBDAS A CO.. IK' Market St..b. p. f
Handball Matches
6
•Z<\>H Event No
«;3 j J? a Deiicac:
o. 3. O^
¦y. S 3
--
NAME.
» »:
.3 P Q. ? „ > _ x
III tiltf
rett
)thcrton
>rk ....
119 S3. 6 S2.8 | 70
IM 79.4 €1.8
»0 89 S8.4 70
SI. 4 91.2
70.6 83
7S.2
MIW j 8l" i 6<3.8 I
7*3!ioL!";
84 81.4 SO.R 75.111
tig]
112 j m.4 I s«t.s rolio
100 !«1.8 S7 70.10
i 7»!9 fso"
7S.11 &3
T
ttie ,
atton ....
SI. 4 f,6 78.4
85 77 M C6.8
63 sr. K3 es.8
1*4.4
75.8 C2.3
74.10 68.2
rrett ....
>.ks .....
i)S Rfi.8 69 73.4
S6 77.4 78.4 C0.1C
81.2
69.9 80.3
ilks ,
:ln
S2 81 80.8 65]lO
£S j S4.S '¦(-»; C I
| 73!3 ....'.
I 75.6 I'JDeath of Mrs. Warfield Clay.
LEXINGTON*. April 23.— Mrs. M. I.
V/arf.eld Clay, tfce divorced wife of Hon.
C&*slus M. Clay, the Bage of Whithall,
d><j to-night. 86 years old. She was the
zuotner of Brutus J. Clay.
EWMtllga LIWE ffi .. f 0O Ton.
Monthly sailing for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexioan poria. Central, South Amerloa, etc
1(8.8. CCTAVIA BAILB ABOUT KAY IC.
'j D SPRICMI.S * BBOS.IO_ izrol: 114 Homt^tmTj ßt.
Rain at Fresno.
FRESNO. April 29.— A light but steady
rain has been fallinp here all day, the
precipitation up to 5 p. m. amounting to
16 rnakinj? a total of 8.09-lnches for the
season The rain will perhaps damage
some hay. but this will be offset by the
amount of good it will do to grain and
pasturage and also vineyards
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3 !
SCENIC RAlLWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. ISOO. via Sausallto Ferry. WeeH
da>»— Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. tn.. 1:43 p.
m. Sundays— Leave Sao Francisco. S a. on..
• a. ta.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 1:10 p. m.. 1:31
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at th» Saa-
•allto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market »t.. San Francisco. Fare. .
round trio from Eaa Francisco. 11 40. j
AMERICAN LINE.
KTCW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Louis May ?f St. Louis May «
New York May 51 New York May i>
St. Paul May 16. St. Paul June 6
RED STA?^ LINE.
*->»A/ York, orjd Antwerp
From New Tork every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May 2| Westernland ....May 13
Friesland May 9; Kensington May 30
Southwark May If! N'oordland June 6
t/,',Pif?£ LINc.
S S Ohio, from San Francisco, May 15, and
from Seattle. May 14. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 30. July 31. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
DaEFape nrply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montsomery st.. or any of Its agents.
TOYOIISEN KAISHi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, May 13th. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, June 14th. 1900
SS NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10. 1900
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
411 Market st, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
THE 0, R. &N.OH.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
C A DC $12 First Class Including Berth
IAnC $3 Second lass and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
May 3. U, 13. June 2
COLUMBIA sails May «. 1". IS. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Hutte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pnint' ~»t
E. C. WAIID. A rent.
Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS A (
Rupertnt'-.' I " .
A Wild Rumor Circulated
About the Seven Sisters
Turning Turtle.
The Schooner L-eft Here for the Cape
Nome Goldfields Last Wednesday
With a Party of Fortune
Hunters.
A wild story about the schooner Seven
Sisters was circulated around the water
front yesterday. It was told with all
kinds of circumstantial details that the
vessel had turned turtle. One story had
it that some of the passengers and crew
had been brought into port by a coasting
steamer, while another, which started
late in the afternoon was to the effect
that all hands had been drowned. As far
as can be ascertained, there was not a
word of truth in either story. After hours
of diligent Inquiry the Merchants' Ex
change failed to discover where the
story emanated from and told all inquir
ers that there was no truth In the yarn.
The Seven Sisters is a schooner of 130
tons burden and has been running on the
coast for the last dozen years. About a
month ago she was chartered by the Anvil
Gold Mining Company and fitted out fcr
a voyage to Cape Nome. When ready to
Fail it was generally remarked along the
front that she was topheavy and was
liable to come to grief in heavy weather.
She left here last Wednesday and ran
Into the northwester, and these facts
probably led to the story of a disaster
that were bo •persistently circulated.
The schooner Five Brothers went out
late Saturday and may during her run
north overhaul the Seven Sisters.
Change in Sailors' Home.
Captain Melvln Staples, who has been
identified with the Sailors' Home for quit?
a number of years, retires from that in
stitution on May L During his term as
superintendent many of the abuses that
were practiced in the Institution were
done away with and the place became
what it was intended to be — a home for
sailors. John Ferem will succeed Cap
tain Stapl ;s as superintendent. He is
thoroughly acquainted with the business
and holds the respect of every sailor that
comes to San Francisco.
Water Front Notes.
The German bark Henry Clement Is now
out 2C7 days from Hamburg for Klao
chau, and 60 per cent reinsurance Is being
paid on her. She was last heard of on
AußUst 23 last, when she was spoken in
latitude 15 north, longitude 26 west. The
rhanres are that she will Join the Annie
Thomas amors the list of "missing" in a
few days.
The steamer Curacao arrived from Mex
ican ports via San Pedro yesterday. She
brought up a valuable cargo of concen
trates, which was taken to Selby's smelt
ing works during the afternoon.
The transport Westminster will get
away to-day and the Warren to-morrow.
In order to have the vessels ready on time
Captain Dunn and his men have been
working night and day. The cargo only
began to arrive for the Warren last Sat
urday, but Captßin Dunn says It will be
all aboard and the ship ready for sea on
Tuesday morning.
Delegates to Sacramento.
Special Pi=ratch to rn» can.
RED BLUFF. April 23.— Tohama County
will present the name of Douglas S. Cone
as one of the two delegates from the First
Congressional District to the national
convention at Philadelphia, and he has
many assurances of support from adjoin
ing counties. The Republican County
Central Committee met yesterday and
elected Mr. Cone. j. N. Gregg. D. D. Dod
son. E. D. Gardner and G. G. Kimball as
delegates to the district convention at
Sacramento May 15. and they will also be
delegates to the State convention at the
same time.
Death of Dr. Pratt.
SAN JOSE. April 29.— Dr. Leonard
Pratt, a pioneer physician of San Jose,
dud to-day, aced SO years. He is sur
vived by a wife and two children— Dr.
Hartley "Prart, an eminent Chicago phy
sician, "and Mrs. Netti Lawrence of Oak
land.
Denied His Seat.
ANACONDA. Mont.. April 29.— A Fergus
County Republican who. as a member of
the last Montana Legislature, voted for
Clark was refused a seat yesterday In
the Fergus County Republican conven
tion on the ground that he was not en
titled to sit In a Republican convention.
AUCTION SALES
6 ALL OH TiiE M.A..CX
THJ6 DAY.
Consignment of head of choice, well brok»
HORSES AND MAKKS from tne Smith ranch.
Fresna. Monday. A&nl 30. 11 o'clock, at Sales-
yard. 1574 MARKET ST.. between Eighth an<J
Nir.th. near Larkin. San Francisco. I wl!l sell
at jiublic auction **> head of choice horses and
mares, suitable fcr all Durposes. ranx.ng in
welsht from 000 to MOO. In age from 4 to <
years, all- we".; broke to harness. Th-> above
stock will arrive at yard Sunday. Anrl! 2->.
C^TPersons having use far (rood, serviceable
rr.r**!, will fln.l It tn their a Ivanta^e to a"»ni
tV« sale, as tn*y vrill PMittVClj be *old to
h!ghwt bidder wlttunrl limit or reserve. 3.
W.^TKTVS A«-t!-nper.
later" and substitute the words "to have
been unwise."
This amendment was opposed by Wil
liam T. Glbbs, the chairman of the Investi
gating committee and the senior elder of
the church, who made a short state
ment to the effect that the special com
mittee had Investigated the matter long
and carefully; that they had called Into
consultation with them the leaders of the
Christian church throughout the State,
and that the report as presented had been
prepared with care. He objected to the
amendment upon the further ground that
the committee had heard the evidence and
that it was best able to jud?e as to the
verdict that should be passed.
Rev. Guy W. Smith ar>neared before the
church and made an address denying any
wrong-doing and askine forgiveness of
the church and his God if wrong had been
done. He admitted that possibly some of
his actions mlsrht have been unwise, but
he protested that there was nothing worse
behind them.
In a vote upon the amendment offered it
was decided to make the substitution.
there being but one vote against it— that
of William T. Gibbs. the chairman of the
committee.
This closes* the matter as far as the
First Christian Church is concerned.
WANT DEWEY'S
NAME TO HEAD
THEIR TICKET
Leaders of Gold Standard
' cmocracy Favor the
Admiral.
ISlsy Appoint a Committee to Wait
Upon Him and Solicit His
Acceptance of the Norn-
ination.
SjwcUl Dispatch to The C*ll.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. April 29.-The |
leaders of the gold standard movement I
within the Democratic party In 1596. who
recently sent out letters to prominent ,
members that the organization was ask- '¦
lr.g the advisability of calling a con- i
ferer.ee, have received more than 300 re
p'.'es, and the conference will be held in a
few fiajE. Great Interest has been added
to the proposed gathering by reason of
the fact that it may start a boom for '
Admiral Dewey for the Presidency by ap
pointing a commttee to wait upon him
er.i solicit his acceptance of the nomina
tion at the hai:ds of the national gold
Democratic organization.
Local managers say there are many Re
pufcllcar.s who do not want to vote for
sk'clCir.ley and many Democrats who do
pot want to vote for Bryan, and they be
lieve Admiral Dewey would be satis
factcrv to both these elements and would
jv>n a* large vote in the East and West.
Gold Democrats say they do not want a
distinctively gold standard national ticket. ,
r^ecause they do not want to make a cam
paign on ar. Issue which has ceased to
exist; but they will r.ot vote for Bryan or
for McKlnley, ar.d Dewey Is the logical
candidate for both the discontented Dem
rtr-^stn «nrt Hfnt'.Wlmrt.
DEWEY IS "HEDGING."
Intimates Now That -x« Doesn't
Want the Nomination.
Epeclxl IXsrtteh to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 29.— The World has
thl? from Washington:
'"I do not know but I will be happier on
July 5 to receive a message announcing
that Eryan has been nominated than I
am now as a prospective candidate," said
Admiral Dewey yesterday. He was Bitting
C". the broad piazza cf his country house
tt Eeauvoir. luxuriating In the bright,
shiny sunshine.
"Really.*! he said. "I do not know why
: Eboold wast to be President. The people
have given me everything 1 could wish
for. I have had honor enough thrust
upon me by my countrymen, so it cer
•V.r.'.y could" not have been ambition that
prompted mv entrance into politics. Then
v : y was it?"
T v e admiral finds answer to this ques
:n the Interview he gave the World
tr.r.Our.cir.g his candidacy, wherein he
said he had received many urgent re
qnerts from his countrymen that he be a
candidate, and if the American people
war.ted him he would be only too willing
to serve.
"Yec. that was it. I said I would be
•rids* to serve If they wanted me: and
f n I am." said the admiral. "They have
f...i I am In my dotage, that 1 must be
crazy, ar.d other things of that port; but
that does not worry me. I ehall not flinch
\• ' r>= the mud batteries. I am In the
lght ar.d I shall stay in. but." and here
be admiral looked out at the peach trees
fast bursting into bloom, "it is very beau
liful here."
The admiral Is not without hope of be
ing nominated at Kansas City. He re
gards Bryan as the candidate of the Pop
ulists and the exponent of Populist prin
ciples, for which the real Democratic
;>arty Is not willing to stfind. He will go
I ; • f -re the convention as a candidate of
! the Democrats standing for Democratic
principles. _
SAYS DEWEY WILL RETIRE.
"William L. "Wilson's Predictions as
to Political Situation.
KANSAS CITY. April 23.— William L.
Y.';!<=on. author cf the Wilson tariff bill,
while !n this city en route from Hot
Springs to Nebraska City. Nebr., where
he if to b* the guest of J. Sterling Mor
ton, his associate in Cleveland's Cabinet.
"It Is to b*> McKlnley and Bryan. Mr.
Cleveland will not allow his name to be
ra^r.tion^d and Dewey will not get an op
portunity to see himself voted down.
Jirvan will be named, but conditions are
*.>> "changed That the campaign will be on
new line*. Both sides have so many new
conditions to confront that the old tactics
will not do. I think the Democrats will
win. W» shall po Into the fight solid."
Mr Wilson cave expression to his views
regarding the candidacy of Admiral
"He* Is ir.r.ocer.t of the game of poli
tic?," he said, "and has blundered In his
t!ur.rr.«^-s as blunt people often do. He
will biur.df -r out of It again as suddenly
*? be came in. Dewey does things sud
<i- ¦ lie generally anticipates and when
the row is at its height he will surprise
everybody by sailing away, or I am mis
taken In the man."
PINGREE A DEMOCRAT.
Michigan's Governor Has Gone Head
long Into the Opposition.
DETROIT, Mich.. April 29-— Governor
Plr.E-ree a-sserted in an interview to-day
the: the hone of the people In this year's
ce-eral elections was in the Democratic
party The Governor hitherto has been
tn lf.depenier.t Republican. Speaking of
The Increasing power of trusts. Governor
* "There Is no ust In hoping that the Re
publican party will do anything with
••A« you preparing to announce your
withdrawal from the Republican party? '
the Governor was askeo.
"There la no announcement about it.
I cn!y cay what I have said aTI the while.
Vc-u 'have not heard me say anything
eg&lsst the Democrats for some time. 1
I ».:eve that the hope of the people is in
tr* Democratic party this fall."
DEBS OR BAKER
Middle-of-the-Roadsters Divided on
Presidential Choices.
CINCINNATI. April 29.— Joseph A.
Parker ol Louisville says that there will
be over ry-O delegates n< xt week for the
r.ctior.al convention of the middle-of-the
road Populists. Parker and others have
been here In rhargf of the arrangements
fcr seme wreks. They will remain until
after the convention Is over and thty ex
pect to be joined before the convention
meets by the other leaders.
The middtle-of-ihe-roadfrs who meet
here are thos* who insisted on running
Walton for President four years ago and
v.ho broke frorr. the fusion eiement of the
Populists, led by Senators Butle 1 -. Allen
and o:h«;-r!». at the rnc»-tir.g of their na
tional committee Sn Lincoln. Xebr., last
February. The talk among those who
&xc ru.re now is moEtlv for Baker, al
though «ne want to draft Watson
agair.it hi« protect and rtyi more favor the
indorsement cf Eugene V. Debs.
START FOR CHICAGO.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— Admiral
Dewc-y. accompanied by Mrs. Dewey and
Ms private secretary. Lieutenant Cald-
well, left here to--jay at noon in a Hpeciai
tralr. over the lialtimore and Ohio Rail
road en route to Chicago. Their train
was tr.* of the Snest that has ever left the
capital city. It consisted of three hand-
Bomc oar* tjtt<<3 with every luxury- I' von
Lbe ventral windows on Hther side of the
thr»e cars was painted th<? admiral's flag,
ur.d the hoif-1 ear was profusely decorated
v.ith flowers and potted plants. At the
KtaUon Mrs. Dowey was presented with a
i.ar.dsome bouquet of American Beauty
roses. Probably a thousand people were
< n hand, and a cheer went up as the train
; tilled out.
To CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and znost
luxurious train across the. continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fkancisco:
i P.fl. .Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Franciscw at 5:30
FYDDF<( p. m. with Palace ami Tonrist
'A* M 3 cc 3 ' B for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tclare or» 4 n
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
'FDISCn snflN Market Street, Phone Main
TKIdIU SOOP< 1531 . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
MAKES NOMINATIONS
Will Be No Contests for Offices of Re
corder, Secretary-Treasurer
and Sergeant-at-Arms.
San Francisco Typographical Union
No. 21 held its regular monthly nr^r'trr
yesterday afternoon. A meeting will be
held next Sunday In the Shiels building
for the further consideration of proposed
amendments to the constitution.
The union subscribed for stock in the
proposed labor temple and made several
donations to worthy objects.
The union declared It6elf in no way con
nected with the picnic to be given at El
Campo on May 19.
The annual election will tak« place on
May 16 The following nominations were
made yesterday:
President— H. Gibb, A. C. Schwatka.
First vice president — M. Monahon, J. D.
Lalng, D. S. White.
Second vice president — E. H. Carey,
James Cosgrove. C. M. Jones.
Secretary-treasurer— H. L. White.
Recorder— Will J. French.
Sergeant-at-arms— Alex D. Smith.
Delegates to International Typograph
ical Union convention— Robert Higglns, J.
P. Hartnett. T. H. Arnold. Alternates— J.
J. Neely. Phil Johnson.
Delegates to Allied Printing Trades
Council— Farley Lewis, George A. Orr,
Harry Gibb.
Delegates to Labor Council— T. H. Ar
nold. C. H. Parker. J. K. Phillips. Thomas
Wright, F. A. Hawley, M. Monahon.
CALIFORNIA CLUB'S
SINGLES TOURNAMENT
It Will Be Finished To-Morrow With
George Whitney and Root in
the Courts.
The handicap singles tournament of the
California Lawn Tennis Club was held
yesterday at the club court? — that Is, part
of it, for there was too much of it for one
day, and so the last of it will be played
to-morrow. There was pome good play,
particularly In the second class, and while
there v. ere more defaults than a vell
repulated tournament generally brings
out. there was room for the best players
in the el;'] and they made it interesting.
In th? Jim class "Bob" Whitney won by
C— 4 and lost by 3—6 with his brother, and
then defaulting: he let the match go to
Gtorge. in the second cLibs Ijt. Root beat
H ¦\Velhe, a Stanford player, by 6—4. 3—6
and 7—o- It- l-'iivcn bt-at H. Crowell C— l
an< j g_2. \V. B. Collier drew a bye and
Hliven beat him 7—5. 4—6,4 — 6, 6—4.6 — 4. Then Root
beat Bliven 6—26 — 2 and C — 3. In the third
cla«s Code beat Smith 9—ll,9 — 11, € — 4 and G—s.G — 5.
Merle John?on took a set from Crowell by
dffault and then another from Haijrht
by default. He thrn beat Code 4—6, 6—o
a p,j 4_o t Code defaulting the last two
carries In the fourth class Kuehn lost to
Watson. G-3 and 6— 1. Mayhew took a de
»-tult from PaJnter and in the second
round another trom Jones. Watson beat
Ernkine, 6—o. C— 3. and then he beat May
hew. 6—o and 6— o.
In the finals George Whitney of the first
r'a«s beat Watson of the fourth, giving
him odds of 30. by 6-4 and 9-*. Root of
1h(1 second class beat Johnson of the third
Ortth odds of U», 3--6. C-2 and 6-3
The last game of the tournament will be
between George Whitney and l Dr. C.
B Root the latter to receive- odd 3 of la.
It will be played to-morrow.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION,
Tn •cwMurt''* •w!th t»)» dlr*c«!fm« nf the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delerated repreeen'.atlves of the Republican
Party from the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the Mth
day of June. A. D. 1900. at 12 o"elock noon,
for the purpc«e of nominating candidate* for
the office of President and Vice President of
;he United States. anJ for such other business
us may be broucht before raid convention: and
n acrirdanc* with the Instructions (riven by
raid National Committee, directing that the
Ccneresslonal District delegates shall be chesen
at a convention calUd by the Congressional
Committee of each said district. In the umt
manner as the nomination of a Representative
in CoDrreM Is made in said district; there.'or-,
bs It
ResMvKi. BT the REPURLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Repobllctn Party of S ald
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the Statt
cf California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional. Conventions of their Con-
rreeslonal Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided^ at which two delegates shall bs
chosen to represent each ot nuch districts la
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION to be held •« aforesnid. and for the
•electlen of two alternate delecates. to act In
case of the abeence ot the delegate* first chosen.
Tlie «elect!on of the deleeates of the Con-
greFEtonal Convention sha 1 be under the direc-
tion of th« Congressional Committee of each
district In accordance with the call of the
National Committee. ...
Provided. That th» basis cf representation
to fald Congressional Conventions shall be at
followr. to wit: One deleeate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District;
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than me county, there shall b«
cne delegate for each county and fractional
part cf a county In such Assembly District.
«nd ene dMeeate for each JOO votes cast for
Henry T Hage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor in 1S?8. and "ne delegate for each frac-
tion of 150 votes or over.
It Is further directed that the delegates
rhcMri to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet !n State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
l»00. at I o'clock p. m - T *?-. s ?' ect i, our d'lfSates-
at-large to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In case the delegates
Elected be absent, for the election of a Stata
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
»uch further huslnesc as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary
rlectJen- are held the test for voters shall be:
••I believe In Republican principles and In-
dorse the Republican Pp'lcy and the admin-
istration nf President McKlnley. and intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at th» ensuing election.
It t» further directed that contest! must b«
flled with the f-ecretary of the Congressional
Committee In wrltlnp. with a full statement
cf the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Pecretary of the State Central Com-
mittee st Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
the 'REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TP»t, COMMITTEE «t ' =P" April
m. moa E. C. HART. Secrafauw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHINESE TROOPS HAVE
A BRUSH WITH BOXERS
Foreign Residents Become Alarmed
and Strong Force Is Sent to
Subdue the Marauders.
TACOMA. Wash., April 29.— The steam
ship Olympia brings news that the Boxers
are having more trouble in Shan Tung and
Chihli provinces. They have been stirred
up against foreigners by the reactionary
policy of the Empress Dowager.
Foreigners residing in Chihli became
alarmed last month, with the result that
1500 Chinese troops were sent against sev
eral marauding gangs of Boxers, which
combined gave a total force of 2000. A
hard fight endued. In which 200 Boxera
were killed. Tne Chinese troops won be
cause they were better armed.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
W^ wharf, San Francisco:
V^Vi, For Alaskan port? — 11 a. m..
WfSgZfew May 1. 6. 11. 15. 21. 28. 31. Junf>
il»'^r«»«s* >^ •'• '"hancp to company Ftcair.-
c£lVs£u^ y\t For Victoria. Vancouver (TV
E^a2^?*\! r >- I>ort Townsend. Seattle.
J Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. May 1, 6. 11. 16. 21,
26. 31. June 6. and every fifth day thereafter:
chanpe at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska ar.d G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— lo a. m.. May 3.
8. 13. 13, 23, 2S, June 2 and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ea«t San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— !>
a. m.. May 3, 7. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27. 31, June 4 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diepo. stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Anceles and Redondo (Los Anpreles)— ll a- m..
May 1, 5, 9. 13. 17. 21, 23, 29, June 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada Ma*dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Maiatlan. Alma. La Paz. Santa Ro.«aila
and Ouaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folder. *
The company reserves the right to change
steamer*, sailing datps and hours of palling,
wi«v-.-»w i«v-.-» r..v!nii« nntiee.
TICKET OKFICK- 4 New Montgomery
stre-t (Palace H"t»l>.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen Apents.
10 Market St., San FrancUco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
¦Will Dispatch From
SAN FRANCISCO Direct for
The Well-Known ALASKA FLTER.
S. S. HUMBOLDT,
failing WEDNESDAY- -May 39.
ELEGANT .«. S . ZEALANDIA
(3000 tons burden).
First sailing (capacity engaged) May 21st
Second sailing (approx.) June 25th
S. S. MORNINC STrtR.
Saillnz (capacity engaged). May 24th.
Through service for Dawson and all Yukon
River points.
For paFsajre and freight rates apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO..
General Offices, 139 POST STREET.
NEILL EXCELS IN
BRIGHT COMEDY
S'TBODT who can appreciate wit,
A humor and good situations in a pip.y
can find a real hearty laugh by
• witnessing James Neill In '"The
Gilded Fool" at the California. The play
! is not new. but it has the merit of being
| true to life as It parses in these days.
1 and is acted by one of the most compact
j and well balanced companies that has re
cently visited this city. Everything moves
with a vim that Is refreshing, and there
is not a tiresome moment In the perform
ance.
This Is the fourth wek of the work of
the company In this city, and as "A Gilded.
Fool" Mr. N<?111 shows another side of his
versatile abilities and gives a fine charac
terization of the old character of the f«ol
and his money soon parted. The play,
which is by Henry Guy Carleton. is fair's'
well equipped with bright, catchy llnf-s.
and the opportunities for indulging in a
lauph are many.
Mr. Neill was not a gilded fool when he
selected his company, for it works in har
mony with the star and leaves little
ground for criticism from a liberal stand
point. As a result of their efforts the
audience is shown a series of home pic
tures in our great metropolis. In which the
high pressure of stock gamt-.-ng life is il
lustrated, and there is a genuine love
story in fact two, to make them piquant.
Mr. Neill's best assistant In the pre
sentation of the clever comedy was Julia
Dean as N>ll Audrey Ruthven. Her work
was particularly bright and vivacious and
was appreciated. However, the house was
a cold one and decidedly unappreciative of
the good things set before it. Edythe
Chapman as Margaret Ruthven displayed
an exceptionally good speaking voice and
commendable ability in the love scene.
Ben Howard as the villain and Frank
Mac Vicars as the victim were quite ac
ceptable. The sarr.<? may be said of John
W. Button in the part of the Rev. Jacob
Howell. The other parts were well sus
tained.
Orpheum.
Manager Morrisey is properly puffed up
these days, owing to the fact that he is
presenting one of the best vaudeville
shows that can be found in any city in the
land. The working of the big Orpheum
circuit has brought together a lot of stars
that are entertainers from the first to the
last curtain. The reai star of the com
bination is Etta Butler, a San Francisco
girl and daughter of famous old John
Butler. She has the gift of mimicry de
veloped to an unusual degree, and with a
good singing voice does a turn that cap
tured New York and is making a suc
cessful siege to this hypercritical town.
There are other new features for this
«reek which include Bauman and Adelle.
sketch artists: Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Sid
man in a pastoral sketch. Little Fred and
his trair.pd animals and the Brothers For
rest, musical clowns. The house was pack
ed yesterday at the matinee and at the
evening performance.
FIRE IN THE HOLD
OF THE WILLAMETTE
SEATTLE, Wash.. April 29.— The big
steam collier "Willamette, operating be
tween this port and San Francisco by the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, took
fire to-day while loauing at the King-street
bunkers and was sunk in thirty feet of
water in order to save her from the
flames.
The blaze originated in a large quantity
of lime, which she had just taken on as
cargo. After an hour's work the officers
and crew of the vessel were unable to
stop the progress of the flames, and at
5:30 o'clock the fire department was sum
moned. Floods of water were thrown
through the hatches, but falling on the
burning lime only added to the combus
tion. It was decided to scuttle the ves
sel, and at 7:30 o'clock she sank, two port
holes having boen opened. A crowd of
5000 persons gat in-red to witness the bat
tle with the flames.
The officers or* the vessel and of her op
erating company Fay that the damage will
not exceed ST.OOQ. The machinery is said to
be uninjured. The- vessel Is of iron, and
only her woodwork in the vicinity of the
place where the fire broke out, almost
amidships, is said to be burned. She will
be raised at low tide to-morrow.
CAPTAIN HOOPER OF THE
REVENUE SERVICE DEAD
OAKLAND. April 29.— Captain Calvin L.
Hooper of the Revenue Marine Service,
who once commanded the McCulloch
and then the Bear, died to-night at his
home, 202 Santa Rosa avenue, after a pro
tracted illness. He was one of the promi
nent captains of his branch of the Ber
vice.
UNLIKE the Paris Exposition, the
teachers" great festival at Glen
Park will be ready In every* par
ticular to open to-morrow morning
at the hour fixed and to proceed
gayly and successfully to its close in the
evening. The sale of tickets has been
enormous, and when the gate admissions
are considered it becomes evident that the
crowd In attendance will be a tremendous
one.
The park will have the appearance of
an exposition ground on a small scale,
with all the gay decorations, streamers,
flowers, banners, booths, bands of music
and throngs of gay people making merry
on all sides.
The teachers are enthusiastic over the
assured financial success of their under
taking, and donations continue to pour
In. The fine flagpole Just outside of the
Pacific Heights cafe has been donated by
Bolander & Perkins to the Annuity So
ciety and is for sale. Bids may be left
in charge of Miss Stohr, secretary of the
society, at the headquarters of the execu
tive committee.
GRACEFUL LITTLE ONES REHEARSING FOR MAYDAY AT GLEN PARK.
GAY COLORS AND MUSIC
FOR TEACHERS' FESTIVAL
THE SAX Jj'KAXCISUU CALiJj, MUxNUAY, APRLL 30, 1900.
SUBSTITUTED
"UNWISE" FOR
UN MINISTERIAL
First Christian Church Made
a Change in Committee's
Report.
Chairman William T. Gibbs of the
Investigating Committee Alone
Voted Against the Substi
tution of Words.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. April 29.
Resolved, Tha-*- ir tne rratter of
fh« rlivorc* case we find by the evi
dence presented that he was justified
in 3^<ii».ing the divorce.
We deem his action in visiting
Princeton at the time and under the
circumstances to have been imprudent
as a minister.
W. T. GIBBS,
ROBERT P. DAY,
GEORGE C. HTJBBARD,
W. J. BEATTIE,
H. OLSEN,
CRAIGIE SHARP.
This was the report of the special ln
vestfßatinK committee that has been con
sidering the case of the Rev. Guy \V.
Smith, pastor of the First Christian
Church of this city. It was presented at
a meeting of the congregation held at the
close of the morning service to-day. When
it had been read a motion was made to
amend the report by striking out the
words "to have been Imprudent as a mm
JiSiiil Sn ihs Goltlf folds
is as necessary as a pick.
*J\ssf~!jo^ No mlner should be without
li^SZ^^^T^ one. Unaffected by extreme
Winchester Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
W^^^S^s name and address on a postal card for
0 1 60-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
$®?/(ys/'{ NEW HAVEN, CONN.
Ihsv \ 4 !^ ar^ e^ Street, San Francisco, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
««nii»:i:\ •-«« irir ««>.m»A5iT.
Tralna Irnir >%••« m« .«!•«• ¦» arrli* »*
Mil »"II %N« «N« «».
(Slaia Lu.e. Foot of Market Street.)
LKAVB — rkliU ArRIL 15, 1900 — ARRITa
•~:Ot»A Betiiclv Suiaitn, Eim'ra. V*ca»:lle.
Run:S'T *ul :S»CT.»iiif!!K> # 7:43p
•7 :««».« Hh-tU Eiprn»-I>.»Ti», WUlows.
Kel Bluff, f.ruaud I:*it
•7::iO» M&rtlti«x. .mvi lUmon. Yallefo -N-nV
• «.«:¦_. .r. ! -1-.M I: •. Mil&r
•*:3<»« Th* O««nuHl £J riled— Oltlea, IK-n-
T,-r. ' ' . xi. \ i¦ . m,- > *3tl3r
•»i3»a 8m .)...- I.i.rn.iuie. .Stockton.
lone. nacraiiiruto. PUeerfiile,
M-«rj«i;!«, I Ucu. !i»t Illnff Miltf
•»:»«»? 'Milton. OakiU.r. ionor». Carters... ¦i:l-'lp
•»:<><** H»jw»r.ls. Nii«-sa;-.l W»y htatuma. •11:15*
•KiiniA Din, Woodland. Ksighta Laa&ag,
M iryitiln <H(i»i.n- *72i:»*
• U:OO* Aiiauti'- Kiprem — Ogvlen mud Kwit *9:43«
••»:"«>* M.rl-.ri. Ti i.-.v. I.*lurop. Stockton,
Mtc-U »nU *re«.-i H9slS»
•»:«<>• PortCosU, Krr«ii». M..]m»e and l.oa
Angrirn # ll:Of
•IO:n»A Vsilrju, Martinez and W»» Htatlons *tl:l.1p
Ml:t»i>» Xilra. tl»wuw*«. Htocktmi. »acra-
mrnto, M- ¦¦!¦••*. ll«i.'. r 1. V 1,,»!.».
I'ortwTili* Mil3f
•I3:O»* !l,,y**r.:*. Nilrtumi \V*y Sutious. *•»»•
ll :<iii i- SactaHiffitto i:i«e*dt«*nM-n t *;<><> r
•:£:»<»!• BajwMda, Nilt» au.l Way rtutluus. # :»i4:vr
•4,-intr MmUms, Mm lUiuu... V .:-,..
Nap*, l*»ll»tng». S.i, t » Rom *utia*
•lioor It-nioi*. VacatUi*. H— lawlm
V. . i, ,:.:¦.;. , 1. Kninlita lauding.
M.ir>*»i;ii\ «>io?lli» 'in: 13,
•l::i<»r Nile*, "an. lt*eaii<l Stockton ?7:1".f
•»:*»rTh« O*l Uiiiit-.1-Tra<7. FrNino.
lUk«nfl»Ul. .San«'i» fur .¦>i,.n Bar-
bara. Los Ann-leu •!<»!«.
•StSAp Stocktou. Merceil. Kresno *l'4:l."ir
•3sUOp fi»».,n. IU«»ri! - ¦: Santa lt«rt«r».
lAIS A'.J->r il-::;Uff, Li FuO,
New Orlfanaaud K«i'. •9:43*
•SiXnpHanta Ku K.Mita— Atlantic Kipretl
f,; f m..;«i- ....I Kan *«>l»r
•n:m>r lUj»»r.U, Nile* anil San Jo«o *7i4-">4
t«i::H»r Valle]<> *1'4:15r
•Uiaur Oriental M»ll— Or'en. Chejenns.
Omaha, Chicajo •»t43»
•6i3op Oriental .M*il— Ugden, Denver.
Omaha. Cliicajjo. "4:13p
}T:OOp Tallrj,., Fots » o»U and Way Sta-
tion* J9iS3p
• ¦iO3r <)rr»«m and California i:« ( .r-««. «<«o-
wnmilM. M...rj-.;;:-, i:,- i.i... K .
iv.t:*,,.). l-.. a^t m., i an.l !¦>.«» »<il3*
COAST IHTIMOI Harrow «;«¦«•).
( Fnot of Mirkrt Street. >
{7:45 a Santa Cnu EicursiO'i for B*nt»
Cruz and Frlncipal Waj Sutiuns JS:O3»
•t:!5» Newark. C'utcriillr.Saa Jose. Kritoii.
Iloul iler Creek, San ta Crui and W a j
Station* »«:2wf
f3il3r Newark. (ViterTillr, San Joae, New
Almaden, feltiui, l!«u'<lrr Orek.
Santa t'rux aa<l l'i'.ucipal V. ij
BteUom fio:.i«»
•4il*r Newark, San Joae. Lna Catoa •*:^O»
g4:iSr GlenwooJ. Feltin. Banta I'riz c*:-T»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frani StS FliSCiaCO— f»«l »' fatkd Sinn iSaa 8) —
•7:15 9.00 11 00*. H. tI:S3 *2:3 11:13
m.C3 is-.:: •«:::-.«.
rrtmOllUSS— r»l irßrMlac— -1.00 8:00 1000«. M.
t;:.:3 *i::: \z.:z ;3::; 3:: v:3 •scsr.u.
COASt DIVIMON (BnwKiJMc*).
(lhlr.lnnd lownae.i.l St».)
1O:I<>\ I'crui Viorr. South ->«n l*r»inltnn t«*::i»p
1 7 :<»<>< sau Jam h.i V. „>• ,>i... ¦.« (New
Ah«adm \Ve(l.,e-.U»«(>nl>) »l:3Op
J7:UO* Sunday Eicursion t i Saa Joae,
Hants Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Frlndpal Way Station* JS:53f
•»:im« Han .low. tnm V\u..», Nnta Crux,
Tacllic lii'i'e. I'aan Ki.li.rs. .San
l.nis Oliinpo, Kill.', I.- >¦: [. c and
l'rinclpal Way SUtfena Milwt
•ltt:lo, San J<.se an.l War *•>»«
•ll::tiu »un. !<>¦-, LoaOatosonit V. ay SUtint. a *3:UOP
fJ; !.¦>.¦ »vi Mat-.i, ttoUw**!, Manlt PHifc,
Palo Alto, nanta Clara. Shu .)•»>«.
Tre» Pinoa. s»utA I'mi Salivas.
Moir.errj *»rt Pacific Gro»s 1IO:3«a
t:i:3»r !*an.li>»ean.i Way .Station. «7:3»p
t I:l5i- .-»:..:-#.¦.' Principal Waj Station* •»: IS*
t3:O«p3»n Jos-. Lo» Gatos and Principal
Way Station* «9:O«a
••¦i:3«>p SaaJaw* an.i Principal Way Station* tSlS**
•«::tup flaitJoseftint WayStaUoii* t*:««*
*11:45p Ban J.-»ran.l Way »tatlmm «7;30p
A for Murning. I' for Attmnmm
•Dally. f Sunday Meepud. J Mu^ay oniy.
b Saturday only.
a Sitnrday and S«iM»t c KuruU? and Monday.
CALIFORNIA N32THWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN ItAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:tt. 9:00. 11. v a. m.. 12:1 a.
1:30. 5:10. 6:10 p. m. Tbursday*— Extra trip
•t 11:30 o. m. Saturday*— £xtr» triis *: l:H
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. U:00 a, m. : 1:30. !:*«.
t:0O. <:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *:ia. 7:50. »:M. U:10 a. m. ; U:4».
1:40. &:U p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* At
I:CS and 6 Si d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. S:M. 11:13 a. m. ; 1:40, J.ta.
8. to. (:Z5 V- m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzea Park
¦ame tchedule as above.
Leave I la Effect. I Arrlv*
fan Francisco. (Apr. 15. 1300.1 San Fraeclsca.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wee*
• Days. I day*. ! Dentinatfon.] days. 1 Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 amj S:4O ata
1:30 pra 9:30 am Petaluma. (:0S pmjlO:2S am
t:l3 pre 5" pm Santa Rosa. 7:32 pm • :I0 pm
Fulton. I
7:30 am Windsor. 10:35 an
Healdsburc-
Lytton.
GeyservHl*.
S:S"rm S:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm l:»pra
7.3 .' ami 1 Hopland I 110:25 am
S:t> pml S:0O ami and Ukiah. I 7:33 pra 1 1:20 pra
7:30 am! 10:2 i am
I S:M aaa Gueraevl'.le. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm' t:SO pm
7:30 am 1:00 ami Sonoma »:15 ami 8:40 in
I and I
t:10 pm s:B9pmlGltn Ellen. 8:05 pml «:?> pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amjlO:ls am
1:30 pml 5:00 pm' Sebastepol. I 7:35 pml «:20 pra
Stares connect at Par.'.a Rosa for Mara Weat
Fprln»cs and White Sulphur Fprinrs: at Fulton
fcr Altrurta: at Lytton for Lyttcn Sprtagi; at
Geyiervllle for Fkag-g* Fprtr.rs: at Cloverdal*
fcr the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Pprlncs. Kelsoy-vllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Pprtnßs; at CTciah fcr Vichy Spring. Saratog*
Fprlr.ffn. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Fpi-lngn. Upper Lake. Pcmo. Potter Valley.
John Day**. Riverside. Llerley**. Bucknell's.
Panh<r"rln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
Pprtngs. MemJwiro City. Kort Bragr. West-
port V**al. Wllllts. Laytcnv'.lle. Cun.mlm.
Bell's Springs, Harrla. OlsenTa. Dyer. Scotia
ar<l Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all potata
tevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlres. «59 Market *t.. Ctiron?el» MJ».
H. C WHTTTN'O. R. X. RYAN.
Ocneral Manaier. Oaa. fata. Ag«at.
-NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing A'prll 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAX-LET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:00. •S:3O, »:30, ll:0O a. m.:
12:45. *1:45. 3:13. 4:15. *5:15. 6:15. «:40 p. m,
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays,
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SL-NDAYS-7:CO. •$:«). •9:00. »10:00. U:CO. 1X:»
a. m. : 12:43. »l:30. 2:30. »3:45» 5:00, «:00, 1:29
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Saa Ra/ael Sun-
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCT3CO.
WEEK DAYS— ?.:3S. *«:30. 7:50. s:4O, 'lfliU a.
m : 12:3<). 1:13. 1:13. *3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
acd Saturdays at *5:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:IS. *3:00. »9:50. «H:C«a. ra. : «12:«O
m. ; 1:CO. 2:13. *3:30. 4:30. •»:«. 6:43. 7:30. 10:20
p. m.
Trains marked {•) start from San Questla.
FI'.OII MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:53. 6:45. 8:00. 5:55. 10:10 a.
m.: 12:33. 1:4:.. 2:43. 3:30. 4:50. S:CO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. S:C3. 10:C5. 11:10 a. m.: U:li
1:2-3 2:30. 3:43. 4:35. 6:15, 7:55. 10:30 p. m,
THROUGH TRAINa
7:CO a. m. week (iays — i^aiadero and way sta-
3:13 p. m- Saturdays— Cazadero and way *ta-
5:15" p. m. weekdays fSaturdays except cd)—
Point Reyes and way station*.
8:C0 a. m. Sunday*— Cazadero and way sta-
12:45 p. «=. Sundays— Point Reyes and wajf
•tatlons
{• " ' == -
f Dr. G ibbon's Dispensarj,
fl # . <ek y^«rn*»:.tF..\t !ST. Establlsried
rTnr**"i'M'" l*»** for the treatment ol Private
JaiK cf^a Dtaeaam, Lost Man »¦ ><h 1 Debility or
%<s&*£* y&S ¦ii^ea."*' rearing on boiiyand mindand
Try him. ChHr?e» low
r^2d3r?w*J <nrr<(Ditritii terd. Callorwrlta
! br.J.*'. *illVß«>.m»xi»a7.a*ay»aaciaoo,
CCMPA3NI"3 CENERALE TRANS ATLAKTIQ.C2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. js^i,.
Palllne every Thursday Instead of <J <?*t\
Paturday. from November 2. 1593. at -^ *
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St.. LA BRETAGNE. May 3; LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10: LA GAPCOGNE. May
17: L'AQL'ITAINE. May 24. First-class to
Havre J6O anil upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre. $43: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway 'Hudson bulldlmO. New
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEH STEAMER 3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues . Wed.. Thurs. and ?at. at 9:15
a. m. : 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IGCB.
FARE SOc
faSPfltHltf' The E - s - Au! *ral!a
J&JflSiuL falls for Honolulu
• VK<II« Wednesday. May Z.
W "" ISOO. at 2 p. m.
Ci^S^ I • Tne s - s - Alameda
SJ?^m^Rjnt' ealla vla Honolulu and
CDlCdllDllll^ Auckland for Sydney
'ompiWJ- Wednesday, May 1».
¦ ' ? at 8 p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Parrma. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suei.
England, etc.: 1610 first cUbb.
. L>. ar-rtcCKELb & sSaOc. CO.. Mats.. '14 Montgomer>
Piir 7. Foot Pacific St frticVori>-r..W War]r« V.
7
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORESAS FRAXCISCO CALL.
BOSSffESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
en«!l 12 o'clock every night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street
enmer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SiO Hayes Mreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
SS» McAllister street: cpen until 9:33 p. m.
Cl£ Larfcin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
J941 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
rrtl y_rket ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
er.til ? p. m.
30€ Eleventh rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
JCS6 Valencia Etreet: open until 9 p. m-
irrs Polk rtreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtroet!': orx'n until 9 p. m.
SIEETIXU. NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery X/> IS, j.
K. T.. Golden Gate building. CU.Sut- "Bag-
ter ?t.— l-pecial assembly THIS EA EN- r_n
ING ct t> o'clock. The Order cf Malta m
will be conferred. All fraters are cour- w
teously invited. _ CAMp _ El#u Em . c^.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
6AX FRAXCISCO Charter No. 1. RWfl «/^-
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\EN-Tt2T
ING. Royal Arch degree^
OCCIDENTAL L<>d_e No. 22. F. and ft
A. M.-TKIS IMONDAY) EVENINtr
at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order /±JZ.
of the W. M. - '
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary-.
PACIFIC I»ds:e No. 12«. F. and A. M.. _*
rr.oets THIS EVENING. 7:30 o clock. _A^_
Tim fttid second degreef. 7\J\
GEORGE PENLIXGTOX. Sec. / *
KING Solomon's Lodge. No. 260, F. and a
A. M., Franklin Hail. Flllmore st. be- Jl
tween Bush and Sutter. third degree. V Jf
THIS EVENING < MONDAY*, at 7:30.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. 1. O. O.
F.— lnitiation MONDAY E\ EN-
ING Arrll 30. Visitors welcome.
WM. TROTTER. N -J^________
DIVISION No. 2. A. O. H.— The regular
monthly meeting of this division will \^,af'
le held _t HiK-rnia Hell. 120 Ninth «V?
ftreet. on TUESDAY. May 1. 1900. f_J_{?
et 7:30 p. m. Nomination of officers • v^ m
for ensuing term will be In crder at this
meeting. Every member should attend.
BARTLY LEE, President
T. L. CLANCY, Secretary. '
CT. ANIHIi:WP Society— Annual pic- v «7 >^
nlc wi'.l be )• M at Fairfax Park. CJS, _» $ J
near San Rafael on SATURDAY. •*_-__>
May 12. ISOft. Round trln tickets, "tic?*
tOe; children, 2f-c: to be had from members.
WILLIAM BALNAVES. President
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary^
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of Ftockhelders of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantatli— 1 Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market ft., San Fran-
riaco. Cal., on Tuesday, the Sth day of May,
IWO, at the hour of ll a. m.. far the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the enduing year and the transaction of such
ether business ns may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will clcse on Friday,
April IT. IPOO, at S p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGQCTS— Tou will secure best hustlers in
small Western to~r.». l>y advertising In "Mall
Ord»r Monthly." St. Paul. Minn, (ruaranteed
circulation 17.-..0 C.0; rate. 5c per word); results
will surprise ycu.
IN each town for book Quoting value of old
coins; $0 per 109; sample. 2:1?. LORRAINE
_ CO.. P. O. box 2076. San Francisco.
ACTIVE, energetic men of good address and
ability "to solicit; steady work, good wages
end rapid advancement. Sl6 Market, room 42.
G^x il» thing; ladies or gentlemen; city or
country. Crown Studio, 114"> Market Ft.
EXPERIENCED bu!l<s!ng and loan agenU.
Room ]4f*. Ola'is Spre«"k»!s buildine.
ASTIIOLOCV.
pT»)l\"a. " MASERY of Egypt greatest astrol-
c-irist an 4 palmist In the world; satisfaction
.-uarartped. 15 Powell ft.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law. S.'>o Market, cor. Stocktn.
W. A S NICHOLSON, »ttorney at law; tele-
phone Pa vis ;S4. 4:0 Keorny rt.
AI>VICE free: no charge unless successful. TV.
W. DAVIDSON; S-27 Market St., opp. Mason.
F. H. UERZ BACH, attorney at law. has rr-
pu— ied practice nt 503 Cal. St.. Clur.ie blag.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket Et: LeiisulU itlon free: m f p es in advance.
I»*TH < AIJINET HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel frlding: door cp*ns firm
• r.rt —.fe. W. S. BROWN, cen. sgt.. 418 Ellis.
g PC-CIA*. HAXtES.
••CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION" OF ALAMEDA, CAL.,
Have the largest collection of IMPORTED I
and HIGH CLASS Animals in the world. Our
ctud is ied by
"WANTAGE FOX" (Score «).
for whim mere ni'.ney was paid than any
ether Belgian Hare on earth.
•CHAMPION DIKE OF CHESHIRE."
En&rlar-.'i's lctest champion and winner of 13
Crt-t prizes and pold medal in England.
Special Announcement.
TV> _-111. en January Ist. ttOl, pay Five Hun-
dred Dollars (SSOO) in Gold Coin tor the best
epe<*i~ i*-n sired by our "WANTAGE FOX" out
vi any Dye bred to him after April 24th. IaOO.
Competitors icr prize to select the Judges.
(Sign-d.)
•'CAiJF<-nNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION."
W.^ <_n fill your orders for any kind of an
Imported <r domestic animal of every popular
strain known, and at satisfactory prices.
Oill upon r>r addret-s
•CALM 11HXIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION."
Web»ter-ft. Station. Narrow-__ui;e Railroad.
Alameda. Cal.
GCO. A. YOUNG. Manager.
BELGIAN HARE LUNCH.
THE PACIFIC BELGIAN HARE CO.,
E. B. CAMPBELL & CO.
On Saturday. _ay R. wlil open business at
th»ir new headquarters with a sale commenc-
ing at S a. m.. which will confist of some
choice s--tocic. both fancy and heavyweight
drains.
Does, bred anfl unbred, and does with litters.
Our Mr. Cami'brll has been In Los Angeles,
arrar.pinK a net-end carload nf Be!_lan»> for
this »_•• from our model rabbltry. Note a
lew of our lenders:
DUKE OF EDI.VBORO.
Only irr.jKirted burk hoidinj? first-prize cer-
tificate ht exhibitirn held at Los Anpeles.
ENGLISH SURPRISE; YOUNO FASHODA;
LOUD BRITAIN JR.; FIR STYLES JR.;
BANBURY CHIEF.
Remember that we are not selling out and
retiring. b'Jt retrain behind all sales.
Hoannuarter* formerly ct 713 F.art Twelfth
rt.. Ockland; now removed t3 N. W. comer
Hlowem »t. ar.d Fruitvale aye.. Trultvale.
T_kf lircad-iTiiU^e and etreet cars and trans-
fer to Fruitvale-avenue cars.
Lur.rh nerved free.
AT F. K. MASON'S. 1710 Everett St.. Ala-
ineda— "I/>KD ESSEX." Imported, fee $20:
"Teddy Roostvelt," winner first prize Los
Acreles, fe* $25; "Dandy Style?." own son
<f "F!r Style*." fee $li: "Britain Prince."
«"~n *on of "Lcrd Britain" and "Avalanche."
fee $15: "General Washington" (heavyweight),
kon cf "Star Buck." fee $10; do»s bred to
these bucks from $39 up; ciosed Sundays.
Tin; larjjeFt anil best-equipped rabb'.try north
cf Los Anflts: Impart— l B?!plan hares:
w ..-£.¦> and retail;, fashionable strains of
Imported Injcks ar.d doe* always on hand;
nun-e iioeb; a. fu'.l lln* of rabbitry supplies.
fiOLDEK GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
CflS-CU Golden Gnte aye.. K. F. ; tel. South
~,1. IRA BARKER -DALZIEL. Proprietor.
fr— THOROUGHBRED BELGIAN HARES-ss!
We offer for quick sale a shipment of Lord
Ih-italn *t;-ain at tJ 'arh. $10 pair: other
! trains from $5 up. KENWOOD RABBITRY.
R.JO Fourteenth «.. O_k__d, adjoining City
Hall.
ATTEXTIOX-TREMONT BELGIAN' HARK j
CO.. 2131 rillmor* et. Kan Francisco. Cal. I
Fend C cent? In Msmps f-ir bock on care and
Jeedinc The cheapest and be*t treatise on
the fut-Jert.
SALESROOM for the I-aurel 1>*!I Rabbltry of
f-"Eli»»ai«. Cal.. fit the Montgomery Market. 731
M.irket rt.; scents for- the Meadow Brook
IJcitrtan Hare Company of Los Anceles.
V.'HY l» It tho*e who purchase nt the Eureka
Babbitry reoommrnd others? We handle the
best and our prices are reas'able. ItICA Turk.
ToH fale— l'edi— reed Belgian hares; from $5
.jpward. MARKHT-ST. RABBITRY. W. C.
BKNTHAH. proprietor. VZZ Market st.
IVSEMOXT RafcWtry. J* Maple court, off 14th
rt.. uhov- Guerrero — Breeding does nj jo up;
younjTstcrs* ?4 xipi lanre stcck: ftri^pt strains.
3 Till GREED <s<v* with litt'-rs and your.* does,
T2 up: frxrref.rr.c paid. W. F. ADAMS. 742
Sruth Main ft. Lcs Ar.gele*. Cal.
»1 ASCOT TiABBITRY. C 7 Eutter st. S. F. Fine
rx-dlKrecd Ftock guaranteed; at reasonabla
|:rlces; wrvice. lI J and $25.
"THE Er.clnal Babbitry. Haslftt _ B-w. 1221
Grand rt. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
TOUNG couple would like to take chanre of
little tfrl as companion to their dams-liter; $10
month. 41 Julian aye.. near Fourteenth Ft.
EOARD fo7 one or two children In German j
family: fur.ry y>rd. 438 Minna ft |
MOOKS — .SMW AXD «3LD.
tCHOOL BOOKS boueht and exchanired.
Holmes Book Cp.. 704 Mlseion et. near Talrd,
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
R. 11. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market Bt.
RELIABLE BROKERS
23 rooms, near Market st. reduced to $650
26 rooms, corner. A No. 1 furniture $1000
47 rooms, rent only $75; on Sutter st $2800
65 rooms, fine corner, part cash, only $16uO
IF you wish to buy good and cheap SALOONS
In good locations ccc BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
10 ROOMS; nice fur.; rent $30: Larkln St.. near
Geary; price $275. C. D. DAVIS. 916 Mkt.. r. 60.
CARRIAGES AMI WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts A har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 sets harness. 200
wagons. 1140 Fol?om ft., near Eighth.
_ _______-—
FOR SALE. _ _
The steamer Cella; a good steamer for Cape
Nome business; Just off the ways at Hay &
Wright's shipyard. Alameda; length 116 feet,
beam 29 feet, gross tonnage 251.40. W. H.
HIGH, NW. corner of Broadway and Twelfth
et.. Oakland. Cal.
PARTIES wishing to obtain stock In the
Alaska and Cape Nome Company, or Informa-
tion regarding same, can apply to W. E.
BARNARD, secretary. Examiner building, S.
F.. room 202, or 111S Broadway, Oakland.
ONE room. 6 berths, ladles' room; 6 berths,
gents; center steamer Tacoma; May 21: im;
bajrgare and freicht $JO. Call on MRS. H.,
1302 Twelfth aye.. East Oakland.
THE Blickensderfer Typewriter is especially
adapted; durnble, portable, reliable, practical;
HO. 117 Sutter rt.
CAUi'KT U-ATINU A\li tI,i:AM,Mi.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-557 Tehama st; tel. S. 40.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
\-atl r.g Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st; tel. South 2aO.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
- 4J3 Stevenson gt; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 384. GKO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlns Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
T^ff^rTSrs^ iTrriTrr.".T.Trm_;MovED!
ATTE * MRS. dH. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Mcst Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, curt-
ail diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin disecnes, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the tnlk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou- j
ran.ls have been made rich, happy and healthy ;
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mail is always suc-
cessful and Fatlsfuctory. and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
Addrers or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
avo.. East Oakland. Cal. "**
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
GO to Watnon, "only natural" palmist and oc-
cult medium: the luckiest and truest on tne
coast: readings 2:' c. ISSI Market st, near
Twelfth: specimens, mail. aOc^
NAPOLEONIC spiritual developing circle to-
night, 2".c;"l'n der n Money Power." 220 Eddy.
MEI>A HOPKINS, spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th nnd 11th: clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetic medium:
sitting. *i; elr. Frl.. 2 p.m.. 2.vc. 233 Valencia.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, lifo iva'W: sitting. tl. 1W Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DRrCLATTi^
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all nffalrs of life: while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost
affections: unite the reoarateU: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals: tells
your entire life, while in a perfect trance;
satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for cli«"ular. with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 2f>s Turk st. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ('.ally.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husbr.nd or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody; tips
on races. 1167 Market Ft. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated" Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton ft. near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
re;:der; German spoken.*_tt Mission, op.Mlnt
MME HANSON— Palmistry; card reader; past,
present, future, 2."c. 145 Sixth st. room 12.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of ." Seventh St., I original
gyrsy life reailcr; readings 25c: no sign.
MME. KHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
plttincs daily. 212% Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ndvlee; nsmes given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. J.'.c: ladle*. '<14 O' Fa Tell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. r-27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 rooms; large yard; next to Doug-
lass School. 214 Collingwood St.. between
Nineteenth and Twentieth.
COTTAGE and. stable to let; four rooms. 2524
Harrison; $13.
COTTAGE 6 rooms and hath; fine view; rent
$25. 1323 Washington et. near Jones.
$b PER month— 4-room punny cottage and base-
merit. 171 Collins st., near Geary-st. cars.
$10— COTTAGE; 3 fanny rooms; yard. 134 Rose
aye.. between Gough nnd Octavta.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGI.NS' dental parlors. 927
Market st. over Cafe Ztnhami— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pun- gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filed or
crowned without pain; plates that from
$4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubtxrr plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold piate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown nnd bridge work our
specialty; see our flenh-coloretl plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for CO
years, fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 SO: all work
rainless nnd warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL.
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$$ 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Ft. ex-
tracts and fills t«»eth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges. $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $.?; received 8 first
prlzos: no students; 'guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5: gold crowns. $3: new
methods la bridge Tvork; filling!", gold, $1 up;
silver, 10c; painless extraction, 50c; gas Riven.
Xew York Dental Parlors, OC3 Mission, cor.Gth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plntes nre -made:
eld plates made over like new; teeth from $3
per ret: extracting. 50c: gns given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy Ft.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 2:>c.
MEYER, Ceutscher Zahnnrzt, 6 Turk; painless
<'xt., crowns, bridge work: open Sund. till lz.
VAX VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market tt, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOITNO. IS4I Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure ami worm
r.llls: by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
510 Golden Gate aye. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUXARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 10; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Went 6T.6.
DRESSMAKERS A>/J SEAMSTRESSES
KcDOWKLL'B Is Jlie place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
AN experienced misses' and childrens' dress-
maker; latest styles; 50c up. Box 4533, Call.
ACCORDIOX pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. 8. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get Call or address
723 Market St.. San Francisco.
AYRES 1 . the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing: life
scholarship. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two takln? full course thia
year got positions. SAX FRANCISCO BLSI-
XESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
KNGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cynnlde, arch.: day. eve.; est. 18G4.
VAX PER XAILLEN SCHOOL. 533 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
ADULTS ami children taught English branches;
Individual Instruction; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
BOOKKEEPING practically ; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.. Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MEItKI. 100S Mission ;vlolln. guitar.
ESPINA, Penman: business writing a specialty:
engrossing; Spanish; 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, srnmmar. writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
y— - — — ¦— — i_i--» __———————¦—»
BMPLOVMEAT OKI>'ICK».
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment ORlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carles place, off O Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4304.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. SO6VJ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 4.6.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Best help. 417 Powell st.. telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black DQ 1 2.
EBIPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
also Norwegian cook, second girls and a num-
ber of housework girls await situations; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl desires situation as second 1
girl or housework in a small family; refer-
ences^
A NORWEGIAN woman wishes a place to cook
for men. or small boarding house. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A YOUNG Swedlrh girl wishes place for one
month; $20; good cook; references. MRS.
NORTON. 813 Sutter st __
AX American woman wishes situation to do
any kind of work; is first-class laundress and
good housekeeper; will work by day at $1 and
carfare. 242^4 Minna st. downstairs.
WANTED— Situation, by competent young wo-
man, as cook, laundress or housework: city or
country. Call 1024 Howard st. room 10.
GERMAN woman wants few steady places;
washing or Ironing; $1 day and car fare. Box
B, Call branch office, 3T») Hayes st.
YOUNG girl wishes to take care of an Invalid
or Infant. 1723 JScott st. j
ALL-AROUND cook and helper want places
together: city or country. 242 Natoma st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Address Call
branch office. 1941 Mission st.
GIRL for light housework; good cook; country.
Call Monday and Tuesday. 273 Jessie st.
A GERMAN woman wishes to do washing and
cleaning or plain sewing and mending by the
day. 469 A Minna st.
GFRMAX lady wants family washing by the
week; work nt home. 2334 Greenwich St..
rear Pierce: telephone Baker 11S9.
COMPETENT North German nurse seeks po-
sition to ko to Europe with a family: is used
to traveling; l>est city reference. Address F.
F.. 1516 Pacific aye.
COOK— Competent person wants place; willing
to assist In general housework In small fam-
ily. 2415 Clay Ft., near Flllmore. :
A YOUNG German girl wishes a position to do
general housework; no postals; speaks French.
711 Mission st.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house- i
keeper: "rood reference. COS Franklin st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
kef 200 rooms; 25c to fl 50 night; $1 50 ,to $S
week, convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to nnd from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement! and subscriptions has been opened
at 12:3 Polk et; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements nnd
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \a-
lepcih "t
ESMPLOYAI— NT WASTED — MALE.
OLI> centleman nnd wife want to go Into the
country to take care of small place; wife good
cook; "man understands taking care of stock.
Cull M 35 Folsom St.
YOUNG man of good appearance and habits
woul.l like a position as nurse or attendant:
understands massage; city reference. Ad-
dress box 4574. Call office.
OYSTER opener, cook, short order nnd lunch
counter work, mnrket, oyster house or bak-
ery, wants Fteady place: work from 6 p. m. to
midnight. 514 Central aye.
WANTED— By young man, work; city or coun-
try; would like to hear from camping or pros-
pecting party; fair cook; waxes no object.
Box 1567. Call office.
MAN and wife wish position: wife Is first-
class cook; man handy about the place.
Box lKfio. Cnll office.
MAN and wife would like situations on ranch:
man as general ranch hand, wife as cook.
Address J. H.. 474 Jessie st
RESPECTABLE gentleman of Rood address, 43
years of age. best reference, would like a po-
sition ns traveling companion with an old
gentleman. Address box 3<42. Call office.
GARDENER, German, wishes position; refer-
ences from home and abroad. Address R. 8.,
box IS3'). Call office.
MAN wishes to take charge of cattle or horses
for fare East. Box 1811. Call office.
YOUNG man. Inexperienced, desires position to
learn to tend bar; references ; work first month
lor board. A. SPECK. CIS Oough st.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness in all branches, Is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation in private family; ref-
erences. C. S.. 1022 Jackpon et.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper seeks situation In
office; thorough knowledge of office routine;
exceptional references. H. E.. G23 Fell St..
San Francisco.
AN experienced gardener. 32 years of age. Ger-
man, has knowledge of few other mechanical
trades, desires position as gardener. Janitor
or house ag*nt. K. W. G.. 101 Bartlett et.
BY active, middle-jiged. respectable, educated
man of family: outnide work preferred; refer-
ences for SO years here and security. Box
4551. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as good
cook In a family. H. 1.. 248 Ellis st
GOOD gentlemen carment cutter with much
experience desires position In city or country.
Adireps box 4573. Call.
NURSE, graduate of training school, would
like situation. G. A. McKENZIE, 217
Minna st. \-</i' - v.v
WANTED — Position es Janitor, watcrfman or
any kind of work around house; can give
good references; aged 26. Box IS6O, Call.
COMPETENT gardener wants work In Jobbing
gardening. Address E. WAGNER, 570 Mission.
TEAMSTER would like lumber, freight or
quartz fam to drive In northern or mlddla
part of State. Box 1527. Call.
SITUATION by competent wood— 'crker on gen-
eral work. Address box 1522. Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as a laboratory
man In dento! office. Box 1526. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Cnl! branch office, 2200 FUlmore st
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscription* has been opened
nt 12:: Pclk st; open until 9 p. m.
a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109 C Va-
lTicia wt. ¦
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
107H4 Market Rt. : examinations free: German
eyewater by mall, 50c Phone. Mint 237.
FLAT* TO LKT.
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated It seen.
A— $2O— NEW; every room sunny; 4 rooms, por-
celain bath; marine view. 1421 Green st.
near Van Ness aye. : •'."-•-
A MODERN sunny upper flat: S rooms; porce-
lain tath: $16. l? 09 McAllister st. near Park.
AX upper flat of 4 rooms, with large yard and
stables. 2 Hayward st.. near Eighth.
BEST centrally located flats for small families:
nice neighborhood;, must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento st. above Powell.
BUSH, 1962, near Buchanan— Modern sunny
light flat; 8 rooms and bath
FLATS TO LET.
FELL, 624— Flats of 8 rooms and bath, $13;
also flats. 4 rooms, no bath, $9.
FILLMORE. 118, rear— Flat of 3 rooms, with
yard. , . ¦ > ¦./} > ¦';-. -
FIRST, 305, Just above Folsom— Upper part of
house; 3 rooms: $3.
FULTOX, 142— Extra fine modern middle flat;
6 rooms; bath; City Hall; fur. or unfurnished.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MISSIOX. 1513%— Upper flat; 6 large sunny
rooms, bath, gas and laundry; rent $18.
O'FARRELL, 735— Upper flat, 6 sunny rooms;
key 737 O'Farrell st.
SIX-ROOM flat— Clara St.. rent $14; also three
rooms for $9. KREDO A CO.. 36 Geary st.
SUNNY hard-finished 3-room flats: $6 and $3.
Apply to H. LEHRKE & SONS. Potrero.
TO let— Sunny flat of S rooms, bath. 318 Capp
street.
TWO elegant corner flats of 7 rooms and bath
each; sun all day; rent very reasonable. 300
and 302 Scott st.. near panhandle.
$B— FLAT, SS7H Hayes st; 8 rooms and bath
and yard; new plumbing.
$18— UPPER flat, 6 moms, bath; modern: ma-
rine view; elos9"-to cars. 1121 Filbert st.
FUHMTUHK KOII SALE.
NEWLY furnished flat, 7 rooms, In 1000 block.
Post st.: must be sold. A. B. SMITH FUR-
NITURE CO.. 128 Ellis St.
NEW furniture of a flat of 5 rooms for sale
at sacrifice. 253 Thirteenth st.
FURNITURE In seven-ro~m flat; piano; no
dealers. Box 3444. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 TA. with No.
7 ranse. Kins Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KUUNITUHE \VA.\T_IJ.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your/Cd-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
UK Ll* WAKTED-KEJIALE. ,
WANTED— English or Scotch or Xorth of Ire-
land nurse for San Rafael. $25. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st
WANTED — Nurse nnd chambermaid. $25: 2
1 German nurseslrls, $25; parlor maid and wait-
ress, $23; 5 second girls, $20 to $25; 2 cooks,
$35, no wash; 7 cooks, German style, $25 to
$30; houseslrls for country, Berkeley, $30; Ala-
meda, $25; Oakland, $25; Palo Alto, $25 Val-
lejo, $25; Calaveras, $20; mother and daugh-
ter, $30; 12 hotel waitresses, $20, country and
city; chambermaid and waitresses, $15 to $20;
German laundress, $25. resort: restaurant
waitresses, $6 to $7 week; 75 houseglrls, $20 to
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A— lo CHAMBERMAIDS to wait at table, city
and country. $20 and $25; chambermaid and
seamstress. $20; nurse, 2 children, for across
the bay, $15; chambermaid, city hotel, $20;
restaurant waitress, $f» per week; second girl.
Belvedere, $20; 4 second clrls, city, $20 each;
waitress, private family. $20. MISS CULLEN.
825 Sutter st.
LADIES' maid. $25; waitress, $25; chamber-
maid and seamstress, same place. $25; 4 second
girls $25 each; chambermaid, $15; woman to
cook for 1C men, $25: 4 cooks, $30 and $25;
boardinsr house cook, $30; woman with child,
$15; 50 houseglrls. $25 and $30; laundress, short
distance. $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st
25 girls: general housework; $20 to $30.
2 waitresses; city: good pay.
2 recond girls, at once.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 527 Market st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, hotel, city, $15 and found.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
A REFINED German girl take care of grown
child and sewing. $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 413
Powell st.
NEAT girl- general housework and waiting:
must be quick: for Berkeley. See party 510
Hermann st, near Webster.
GIRL housework, plain cooking: lady and 3
children. 9 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth, near
Mission.
GIRL to do general housework; small American
family; wages $20. 719 Cole st, near Waller,
after d o'clock.
GOOD German girl: general housework: good
wages ; small family. 933 Halght st.
GIRL to do general housework in a small fam-
ily. 22Secondst.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wanted. The
Rosedale, 321 Ellis Ft.
WAXTED— Young girl to wait at table; $5 a
week. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— A good seamstress; come ready for
work. 412 M: Green st.. near Kearny.
NURSE jrirl wanted at 530 Turk street.
GIRL for central housework and cooking.
1040 Pace St.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and attend
bakery. Call 142 Eleventhjst
A GERMAN or Swedish girl to assist in light
housekeeping good home. 32S Eddy st.
XEAT cirl or woman to assist In housework:
wages nominal. 312 Sanchez Bt
APPRENTICE for pantsmakin<: good sewer;
paid while learning. 273 Minna st.
GIRLS GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wapes paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LXVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32VJ Fremont.
GIRLS WAXTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LE\ I
STRAUSS & CO., 36^ Fremont st. ; elevator.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class: illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hnlrdressing taught In -4
weeks MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
BOOKKEEPER— Young lady "accountant in
wholesale house: must be good writer and
experienced In double entry; references re-
quired. Box IM2. Call office.
A BRIGHT woman looking for a business
opening; must use good language and dress
neatly. Box 1845, Call office.
WAXTED— A middle-aged woman for general
hourework. Apply at 717 M st., cor. 9th aye..
South San Francisco. ¦:
BVRBERS — Good-paying 10-cent shop and 8
baths; for sale at a bargain. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 ElUsjßt
PROTESTANT gtrl for general housework;
Kood home; wages $IS. Apply 222 Dolores st,
near Sixteenth.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCES. 786 Sutter st.
GOOD talloress wanted. 553 Valencia st
LADY over 25 for refined, pleasant office posi-
tion; security required. Box IS2S, Call office.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. 5\4
Kearny st, room 18.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
TIKLP WANTED MALE.
4 LABORERS for brick yard, $30 and found :
3 machinists, $3 to $3 50 day; Ironer. $30, and
Btarcher and wa?hman for country, $30 and
found; blacksmith for country shop; 2 car-
riage painters, $3 day; 2 wheelwrights', $2 50
day: boys for planing mill. $4 to J6 week; oar
builders, 30c hour: driver for baker wagon.
$40 and found; driver for milk wagon, $25 and
found; 7 milkers, $30 and $35; harness maker,
$2 50 day: gardener for country. $25; farmers
and many others. J. F. CROSETT Agency,
62S Sacramento st.
WAXTED — Boy for kitchen work on ranch, $15;
second cook, country, $40, $35; first cook,
country, $35: cook for steamer, $30; ranch
cooks, $25, $15 month; hotel cook. city. $10
month; second cook. $S week, $25 month;
night cook, $5 week; hotel waiter, $30; baker
for country, $10 woek; young man In country,
watt on help, $15 month: dishwashers, $6,
$5 week, $15, $20 month: other hotel and res-
taurant help. J. F. CROSETT Agency, C2B
Sacramento st.
WAXTED— Man and wife for fruit ranch, $50,
call early, see party in city: man and wife
for' private place, SPO; man nnd wife for
poultry ranch. $40. J. F. CROSETT AGEXCY
628 Sacramento st. . ¦ ¦•—.--•. " "
WANTED— Band sawyer, $90 and found- 40
laborers and woods men of all kinds, Jack-
screwers, mill men and others for large lum-
ber, from $2 day and Increase. J. F CROS
, ETT AGEXCY. 628 Sacramento st.
1 BROILER, first class. $30 and found. BUSI
NESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union-Free employ"
wnt. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBER shop wanted for cash; city or coun
try; price not exceeding $600; must stand thor
ough Investigation. Particulars STOLTZ 6M
Market st. ¦ **"
A tr%.. g g gsgy.. Apply at REIsS
HELP WANTED-MALE.^
r-MURRA Y_~REAb V. . '. 'pHONeTmAIN SS«
A L_?l^|m^,oyme o nt DD a A nd
i_£is f & T sr^ u % $ w «r% fl^
i-n " t?- tin _m J23 I*o $15 per month and
xfund ; * engineer. $ $1o; 6 ' stablemen .»>.«£
found*! 7 B' wheelwrights.' carriage-makers and
woodworkers, $3. $2 50. $2 day. $40. $50. $»0
and found; 3 coopers... ii'iA'llZZ I
Blacksmith, machine shop, city $3 W day
4 rough carpenters, fare ptili..... **"
10 haymakers, different good *£»•—•£___
W-mVlkV^.-butter-m^..^...^.^^..^^
6'VheVphVrders. $25 and found; S5 choremen
126 d 1 am*.' 'orchard 1 and ' viney art hands. $33.
$20 $26 $20 and found COME SEE Ll»To
C 5 laborers for mines (no experience required).
YOU'LL SUIT, $34 and found; steady year
round; 25 miners, single hand and machine.
364 laborers' Rn"d" teamsters, city and country
Jobs, $2 75. $2 60. $2. $1 75 day: COME SEE
Gardeners,' ' coachmen ; V armer B and wives. .^
COME WE PAY YOUR FARES SEE
ICS men, no experience required, anybody win
suit, that's you. to work tn mines, woods,
yards, wharves, etc.. $26. $30. $35. $40 and
found: band sawyers, screw turners, lumber
pliers, gang edpermen. tree fellers and 50
other positions. $35. $13. $50. $0). $70. $80. $90
and found; 456 tiemakers and woodchoppers,
$3. $2 50. $2. $1 73. $1 cord, 12c. 13c each, tools.
etc., found •
For the other positions come down and read
billboards MURRAY A READY.
634-836 Clay st
A— HOTEL. Laundry. Bakery and Other De-
partments — 39 cooks
$&). $50, $45. $40. $35. $30. $25 and found
SS waiters. .s4o, $35. $30, $28, $25, $20 and fgund
27 dishwashers, porters, runners, bell and
elevator boys. $30, $26. $25. $20. $15 and found
12 laundry men $35. $30. $2S and found
9 second and third hand bakers, also helpers.
$40 to $20 and found. MURRAY _ READY.
834-636 Clay st.
A— soo MEM WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad work; long Jobs $3 a day
Free transportation to the work. Apply to
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Oeary st.
Wanted— Monday morning, at 7:30, with
blankets, ready to go on train, a gang of
teamsters and laborers for the Coast R. R-;
free fare _•_.*•"
20 laborers for R. R. company work, $1 75 a
day; board $4 50 a week; free fare
B0 laborers for sawmills and woods. $26 and
board, fares advanced; 2 bollermakers. coun-
try. $3 60 a day; 20 farmers. $20. $25. $26. $30;
10 farmers for haying. $1 25 a day and board;
4 blacksmiths, $2 £0 and $3 a day: 10 milkers,
$25 and $30: blacksmith for summer resort, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
A— CHEF. $40; second cook. $50. for summer
resort; cook, mine boarding-house. $50; baker,
country hotel, $50; baker, country shop. $40;
3 second cooks. $40 and $50; 6 cooks. $30, $35
and $40: 6 waiters, country, $25: 10 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands. $20. $25 and $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— 2 WAITERS for R. R. camp: $30 and free
fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED
Driver for milk wagon In city; ref. req.; $33
per month and found.
W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st
WANTED
Middle-aged man to work about mlllc depot
In city; $20 per month and found.
W. O. EWER A CO..
610 Clay st
WANTED
Coachman for gentleman's place in country;
$20 and found
Worklnsr foreman on ranch near city. $35 and
found: bakers' helper for country shop, $30
and found; band sawyer for sawmill, coun-
try. $30 and found; screw turner. $40 and
found; milkers, $23 and $30
Haying hands near city, $1 and $1 25 per day
and found, and others: boilennaker. country,
$3 50 per day; blacksmith, small country
shop. $35 and found; 2 milkers, near city, free
fare. $25 and $27 £0.
W. D. EWER A CO..
610 Clay st
WANTED— VaIet: Edward Langer preferred.
Address WM.. I. PIXLEY. corner CFarrell
and Powell sts.
WANTED— ParceI boy in wholesale fancy goods
house; state salary and references. AdJress
S. I!., box ISS4. Call office.
THREE general wagon and horseshoeing black-
smiths; must be first class. Apply at City
Street Impro\-ement Co., 17th and Harrison.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker: take work home:
steady work. 533V4 California st. M. LEGER
& CO.
WANTED— A horseshoer and blacksmith. 1504
Folsom st.
YOUNG man; wash dishes and assist cooking.
233 Sixth st
BUPHELMAN at PLANZ & SOX'S, merchant
tailors, ECS Geary st
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 258 First st.
BOY to assist around bar. NE. corner Fre-
mont and Howard sts.
WAXTED— Cook for small restaurant. 1315
Central aye.
DISHWASHER wnnted at 3C3 Hayes street
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted at 103 Califor-
nia Market.
WANTED — A young barber; a good shaver;
good warres. Anply 19 Thirtieth st.
WAXTED— Two waiters. Call at 71S Valencia
street.
BOY wanted; bring references. Room 3S, Phe-
lan bulldtnff.
WANTED— Paperhanger. 106 Xew Montgomery
street.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing at 415 Fol-
som st.
WANTED— Third hand around bakery. 15CS
Turk st., near Steiner.
PORTER wanted at 11 Sixth st
STRONG boy or a young man with experience
to help in cake bakery. 911»4 Larktn st.
WANTED— First-class dishwasher early Mon-
day morning. Apply 104 Davis st.
CARRIAGE painter wanted. 1414 Pine st.
WANTED— A good tailor. 620 Kearny st. first
floor, upstairs, room 1.
9 MUSICIANS to go to China on TJ. S. S. So-
lace to form part of band of flagship of
Asiatic station; pay from thirty to thlrty-slx
<$C 0 to $36) dollars per month and rations. Ap-
ply before 11 a. m. May 1 on U. S. receiving
(ship Independence, Mare Island. Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over C feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Of 3ce. i 1)i 1 ) Ell!s st.. San Francisco. Cal. or
D3O X st. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Steady man. satisfied with $13 per
week: must be able to keep plain accounts
ami assist In outside work; $ICO cash reauired
1016 Market st. room 10.
WANTED— Men and women to learn barber
trade; only two months required. GORDON
Barber College. 417 X. Main st. Los Angeles.
SMART Industrial Insurance collector and can-
vasser. It. RALPH. 4C3 Montgomery, im. 6.
WANTED— Experienced cast Iron soil pipe and
fitting moldors; state experience. Address
Foundry. General Delivery P. P.. S. F.
BARBER, first-class workman, wants position
In country or Oakland. Box 4579. Callofflce.
BARBER shop; In good mining town; for sale;
106 ea Elils s? &ECKELMAX BROS..
A nHce 9Ue -fi m M, >S , Bh0 **' •J'shtly damaged, half
price. ?62 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
TV Prt_ r «°~ A baker - thlrd hand - Apply at 1529
B p. r a^_^r'_r^ 2<2 <1 M?ss? 0 F^ ISTON ' S * P "
fe_t'iE cl i!! thIS •«»£ SS*
institution In the world teachlne thu »r«ifi»-
fre% P "ArA '^«M maUe'd
CV»v tMOLERSt M0LERS BARBER COLLEGE. «33
cash prices. N. y. Tailoring Co.. m Kearny.
G fo T EPr° Ur Kf5 h x,7 half - ao 'e<* while waiting; 25c
to SOc. EE2 Mission st. bet Ist and 2d nt*.
S ni r i L °Jlf' ordmar y «e«men and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
W «H^ T ?P^ L ?,^ orerß and mechanics to know
tnat Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
r^m.?? ?Ver Ilo . use ' 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms, tjc per night: $1 to $2 per week.
M £ N v 0v 0r v boy 1° d 0 Janitor work for his tuition
in barber school. 741 Howard st.
B w, Y rl4.r 14 . tO 18: mak * h «mself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
PENSIONS-OEO. D. CAMPBFLL. lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner b?dg.
WW w C 5!C S!£ STER llotel - ** Tn'rd s l -- n « a f Mar -
Jtet. 700 rooms. 2Sc night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the »»-—¦.
LINDELL Hous*. corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c tn 25c p#r night: 7Sc to $J per w*ek.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HORSES. _IVE STOCK, Eto— For 3»I«
43 HORSES for sale: also wagons, b_«lt«.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Chestnut mare, harness and rubber-
tire surry. To be- seen at KELLY _ SON b
STABLES. 1629 and IS3I Pine st
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1821
and I«2S Market st. bet Twelfth and Brady:
also some nne matched black teams.
FINE draft and drtvtns horses constantly on
hand. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721-723
Howard st.
JUST received. 23 head of fine horse*, ranging
from 1000 to 1400 pounds. 35 Dora st. near
Folsom and Ninth.
J M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
*2170* Market st ; Castro-st cars pass tha door.
FOR eale— Fine doctor's team; 8 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent. <K5 OoMen Gata ay.
"~ HOL'SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cularro. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 1* Montgomery.
TO rent— For the summer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, purs
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and rehlcles: 3
miles from St. Helena: H "I 1 * f L om T s A t-n ?'
For particulars address HtNRT LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal.: also cottaga
of 4 rooms: furnished or unfurnished.
$15CO— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath: 2 lots and
furniture; rents for $45 per month: at Han-
ford. Cal. KREDO & CO.. 3S Geary st
$900— SUNNY cor.; 15 rooms; neat and clean:
clears $S0 a month. KRETPO & CO.. 38 Geary.
1522 Pacific ay. ; 10 r.sfiO I*lo California; T r...535
2CIS Buchanan: 9 r... 45 801 Jones: li r. So
ELEGANT sunny house near park; 9 rooms
and bath. Corner of Hayes and Derlsadero.
MODERN house. 8 rooms and bath. $4& WU
Washington st. above Franklin,
POLK. 2309— A one-story, five-room *iot_» to
let.
UPPER part of bulldln* at 629 Mission •*-:
contains 13 rooms.
HOUSES TO LET — FURSISHEO.
FX*RNITURE of 8 room* for sale and hotts* t»
let. Southwest ri— »r SiUf*- wni Webster sts.
lIOUSES "WANTED.
WANTED to rent or lease — Butldlnr. barn or
store room In Ban Francisco; well located for
rabbltry. M. A. LONG. 2312 So. Main st. Los
Angeles.
' LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— GoId bar pin. with diamond-set pendant.
Saturday afternoon, going from Webster and
Hermann to Fillmcre and Pag» »_. Return to
72 Webster st. ; reward.
LOST— Feather boa. going on Halght st. from
Scott to Van Ness aye. to St Ignatius
Church: liberal reward. Return to 777 Halght.
LOST — A dark chestnut mare from P.
AVCLFTS grocery. Seventh ava. and 31 st.
Butchertown; reward.
LOST— On the ferryboat Berkeley, which left
Oakland mole at 12 o'clock, a gentlcm_n'a
open-face gold watch, with lady's clcture in
back. Leave at Senate Saloon. Pine and
Kearay sts.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Pocketbook. at Oakland Pier, about •
p. m. Finder will please return all bnt th«
money to owner. RICHARD W. R_AX>INQ.
Selby. Cal.
STRAYED— From 617 Eddy st. black cocker
spaniel; half-breed; female; long tall; name.
Onlda; $5 reward for her return.
MEDICAL.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton, Cnlna. tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento St. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
DR. O. W. O'DOXNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: sale and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
• 1023^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles* phy-
sician, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned
from Europe with advanced knowledge: treat-
ment $0: 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007 l s Market st
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: home
In confinement; treatment at office. $5; any
aliment; consultation free; confidential. 943
Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at office, $5: consultation free. 1222
Market St.. bet. Masun and Taylor; hours 9
a. m. to 6 p. m.
DR. F. FTIANK and MRS. ANDERSON. lad!°s'
physicians; every case guaranteed; reliable
specialist: treatment. $5. MM Laguna. st
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 12CS Market; ladies'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home: best care; phy-
sician: English and German spoken: terms
reasonable. S2S Castro st.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1C35 Market: ladies' spe-
cialist: treatment at office. $5; consultation
free; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife: private horns
In confinement; English and German spoken.
510 Eddy st.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment. VS.
VI- VI— DR. WISE A CO., the ladles' specialists.
111S Market: every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private bom*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The We_ly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address tn ta*
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
pontag" paid.
MEDICATED UATUS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cur* rheumatism, ecxem*
•and all nervous troubles: ladles' department
removed to "The Beilevue." Van Ness a~e.,
opp St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
MINES AND MINING.
SHASTA mines— Deal direct; several chcrte*
properties, large and small: personal knowl-
edge of them; principals only. C. L. PAIOE.
room 320. Parrott bulti... 525 Market st
GOLD 'aver; we challenge all con ipetltors;
call and see. 179S Fifteenth st. or 25 E_st
street.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2J-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boljers. water pipe, shafting, pulley-,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, nv.rrors. showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 21 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 101?. 1021. 1023 Mission st. abov»
Sixth': write for catalogue.
WRITTEN guarantee given with everything
sold- money back if not as represented: estab.
llshed ISM. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ay».
2GOO SHEETS lew) pillow slips, suitable for
steamships or hospitals, cheap. Address box
2762. Call office. .
AI'TOM VTIC Wlllcox A Olbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission st.
near Fifteenth.
PAWNSHOP: established IS years. Particular.
at 231 Third st.
EDISOX concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALLPI.
933 Market st. San Francisco.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 3SV Kearny St.. nr. Pin^.
WE want good clothes and will pay big prices.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st
GASOLINE engines; all sizes: second hand;
cheap: guaranteed. Newell Bros.. 140 First st
CASH registers cf every description for sals
and repaired. 13ft Market, bet. Sth anl !3th.
ONE 2H-horsepower 500-volt motor; standard
make; cheap. WHITE. 61S Mission st
A FINE suit $10; drrss pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission. nr I _l___
PORTABLE engfnes. boilers; Iron ¦ nil _ wo ;* 1
p laners: lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke.__J______
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latP^t model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 4qiJJ_____;
NEW and second-hand slot maohir-;* ht
and sold. W. C. BEXTllAM.__^_____j'___
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 218 California _^______— —
SAFES— New and second hand. THE H*-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 _S_£ra_nent____-_
SECOND-HAND fireproof Tafe: 1 nre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand, all slz-**_ Fra -'
WALTZ SAFE. 139-lll_M^rk___^-^ \_ .
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 r!a" er
air compressor: 5 loco_n__' veg - " — •
CHEAPEST and best in A_^*___3__ T/'th.
Call. 16 pages, sent to any *™£?? r w.
United States, postpaid, tor $1 P" '
DOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
BARGAINS tn ladles' and children's •booi;
drummers' samples at manufacturer's cost.
J. KOHLBECKKR. 14S Fourth St.
lIL'SIN—SS CHANCES.
A— sSio: CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market
and Stockton sts.; net rent $63; a good-paying
and old-ectabllshed business. Particulars R.
O. WILKE. W6 Market st.
A -$4000; BEST located saloon on Market st;
with 7 club ar.d ladles' rooms and fine
prounds; place Is known over the U. S. and
Europe and doing a largo, profitable business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— JTiOO— SALOON on Fourth St.; large stock
and a tirst-class. laying business: rent $la,
owner to leave for Nome; a great sacrifice.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market ft.
X— s2oCfr-PARTNER wanted in beet-located sa-
loon en Market et. ; place open day and night;
doing a first-class. i>ayln_ business; owner
waati a good, honest man for assistance. 1 ar-
ticulars R G. WILKE. 906 Market st
A— OLD-ESTABLISHED rcadhouse with over
one acre of ground; liouse of 7 furnished
rooms, with barroom, piano, etc.; rent $30.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sSoC— BAZAAR and notion store, with 3 fine
living rooms; rents $22 M; a good paying busi-
ness- stock values the Drlce; best location on
principal street. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— SISGO— BAKERY on leading business street;
Western Addition; rent $•£: 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 3>4 barrels per day; slck-
nf£s cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE, &06
Market st.
A— S22OO— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
St.; rent $2.". including rooms; large stock of
llc;uorß and groceries: a first-class, paying
bu£in*ss. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
A.— I2OOO— CORNER -grocery and bar, with four
living rooms; rent $^0; 3 years' lease; the be*t
corner on Mission st. ; place doing a good
jiayir-g cash business: full value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 90C Market St.
SOME GOOD SENSIBLE ADVICE.
We have on our list seme bargains rare.
And in our dealings we are fair;
Saloons and restaurants of every size.
For eale, in The Call we advertise.
So if in business you wish to go
In eeeine us do not be slow.
The number Is Market, seven five nine.
So come up early and fall in line.
If you wish to sell or wish to buy.
When you mean business, us dt> try.
We are not here Just for our health.
But. like our patrons, are gaining wealth.
You don't risk life, nor pay big fare
To come, and in our profits snare.
So don't risk life In solnjr to Nome. .
Invent in business and stay at home.
REMEMBER MARKET 759. .
Don't fail to call on us In time.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy, sell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDERY. 7!",3 Market st.
FOR sale— loo ncres of pasture and rolling land,
near Redding; bargain at $5 an acre. Call
BKOCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY, 7C9
Markft st.
A CANDY store, near Market: cause, death.
COWING k CO.. 719 Market. St.
A— HOME kitchen and delicacies store; re-
ceipts $15 day. COWING & CO.. 713 Market.
A— BUTCHER fhop. near Call bldg.; bargain.
COWING & CO- 719 Market st.
A— BOARDING anl rooming-house north Mar-
ket; a snap. COWING & CO., 719 Market Ft.
A— RESTAURANT. n<^ar Market; greit sacri-
fice this day. COWING _. CO.. 719 Market.
A SALOON on Market; fine location; must sac-
rlne?, COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A GROCERY and l.nr. near Market St.; fine
corner place. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A CANDY and icecream parlor; Market St.; a
sr.Hp. COWING & CO., 719 Market ft.
$16ix»— NEWSPAPER route; leading morning
paper will pay about $75 per month. For
particulars see McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Vi
Market St.
$s'W— BARBER shop: 4 chairs; well established:
bargain. McLAI'GHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market
JSCO— BAKERY: bargain: disagreement of part-
ners cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777H Market st.
A— s3so— PARTNER wanted: must be steady,
reliable man, satisfied with $1S to $20 a week; I
no night or Sunday work; trial given before I
buyir.g. Apply at 9 Geary St., -room 2.
A— JWt— HOME bakery for pale; a bargain.
Arr>!>' 9 Geary St., room 2.
jsr<i — FINE carriage and wagon factory; a bar-
pain; must leave city. JONES &. CO.. SCS Mkt.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale, worth $125;
party going to Orogcn Thursday: facrlflcc
for $(v>; guaranteed to make $15 a week over
expenses; 3 nice living rooms. 1933 Mission.
TO rent on shares, on San Pablo Creek— 2.">o
acres of good volunteer hay. with building.
Apply to R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda Park,
Contra Costa County.
BARBER shop for sale on account of depar-
ture. Corner Railroad and Seventh ayes..
South San Francisco.
BARBER shop for rent: completely furnished:
2 chairs: long established business; rood lo-
cation on Third ft; rent complete, $22. In-
quire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
bldg.
FTJRST-CLABS saloon and lodging-house, fur-
niched, for rent; v.ithln one block of Powell
and Eddy. Apply to DONNELLY & BRAN-
NAN, wholesale liquor dealers. lOCS Mission.
$10.0-00 TO $20,000 wanted; corporation: monop-
oly; manufacturing product of universal use;
rnro chance for amount of Investment; princi-
pals only. Address X. X. X.. box 3545. Call.
DO you want c^od paying dairy depot, clear-
ing more than $2 per day? pome delivery: on
account of departure; no reasonable offer
refused. Address J.. box 1831. Call office.
PAKTY leaving the city has for sale a tin end
copper shop; also steel range: doing good
buFiness: eFtabllfhed 14 years. 411 1 ,* Califor-
nia St.. EUGENE ROBiNET.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for Sa.n Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug ptore In a good mining town; cash trade.
Oil at 730 O'Farrell St.. city.
FOR sa!<? dirt cheap— Grocery Ftore, saloon and
also furniture for a 13-room house. Apply O.
K. DOAN. 131S Grove st.
DINING-ROOM and kitchen with a paying pat-
ronagp; well furn.; will be sold reasonably
this week. Call at d!nlng-room. 122U Turk st.
A CAPABLE business person wants a partner
with $2000 cash;- good opportunity : good secur-
ity; principals «%nly. Box 4. r »5O. Call office.
PERSONS capable of Interesting capital re-
o.uest<*d to call room 13, seventh floor, Mills
building.
NEW cigsr stand for rent: cheap: southeast
corner Third and Townsend, opposite R. R.
depot.
FOR sale— Handsome furniture of a family ho-
tel in full runnlnc order. 728 Sutter Bt.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures; paying business. * 115 Sixth st
FOR S^le— Oyster and chop house; 268 Hayes
street; cheap; other business.
FOR sale — Delicacy store; good location. 603H
I-ost et.
REHTAURANT for sale cheap; rent and water
$15; price $250; owrnr oth?r business. Inquire
nt grocery store. 1232 Mission et.
BICYCLE repair shop, sundries, tools nnd
wheels; $100; _olng to Nome. 14S1 Market ft.
KALOON cheap; located In the Potrero. Apply
en premises, 1543 Kentucky st.
S'-.'.TIONERY, school Fupplles; clean, new
stock: $1000. Box IJ2O, Call office.
$22C — CIGAR ytand nenr Market St.. with spare
room; low rent and laundry. Address box
5:0. Call office.
BAKF.iIY *tore. 11C5 Howard St.; 4 rooms; large
oven and tools to let low; location excellent.
BARBER shop; good business: 3 living rooms
in rear. 1220 Market St.. Oakland.
GOOD piiying saloon and cafe for sale; cheap;
ront $30. Box 2332, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO,
j W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CI^ASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAL_.
2Troom coßr;Eß~Trrrrr........7rr. .....;
TRANSIENT HOUSE.
' CLEARS $200 PER MONTH.
PRICE $1050 IF SOLD MONDAY.
For eale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
IS-ROOM house at your own price. Apply to
DECKER. 1020 Market et.
100 rooms: rent $50; clears $200 $1500
IK rooms: on Third st 250
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash 2WO
S-room flat; new; elegant 250
IS rooms; on one floor; near Call office... S5O
37 rooms; on Howard st; only $300 cash.. 400
21 rooms; on Market ft.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason it; payments 450
36 ro.ms; on Mnrk"t ct.; payments lgoo
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
36 rooms. S blkn. N. Mkt: 23 boarders.. ..sl6oo
4S rooms; clears Jl4O a month $2000
30 rooms: N. Mkt; rent $90; bargain $1200
10 rooms; S. Mkt: rent $23; full $150
11 rooms. 4 blks. N. Mkt; rent $50 $000
Cof 18 r. ; $550. $430. $1100. $1000. $1400. $300.
FOR sale— Rocming-house. 7 rooms, all occu-
pied; good location; rent $25; price $250. 709
Tailor st.
j SELECTED list of Rood houses; 10 to 100 rooms:
prices to —Jit all: money loaned buyers at 2
per cent. SCHWEIXHARD & CO., 917 Market
ft m rooms 1 and 2.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE north Market: beat bar-
_ala In city. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 30,-1900.
8._IE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1900.
MI*C_LLANt:oI> 'WANTS.
WAN" "ED— rrets-j— > blcwer; Rc-ot cr B*k*r-
state size acd eric*- California Mancfactur-
ir^: Co.. £-4^ Tcw_ser:d St.
SIZCOND-HAND erarden fcc*e and attachmer.ts •
irufi be rejLsc_at;e. O_io Dectai Parlcrs
GO Market «.
W_iNT_P-2 r T I rood i'.amcsis. C. L CAR-
,t_R. G::r:y. or bex I*3. Call ofSce.
BIG r-ic** Jt.'i fcr fu:!-ir—« tv:it« PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. Ti St >cktcs;' W.il cs^l.
WANTE:>-e-crr--h*r.4 upright p!an9 foT
rash. H. I_ WKITEH~AD. :r.f Market tt.
MuN_.i lo LOAN."
"^"T rrc7r*-t'.:=. ar.y lskh; C p^r cert: Brat,
**cc_3 mcrtfaies. estates In probate. Interest
la «ta*.es. legacies, ccrpcrtticn i;a_s. chattel
rr.crttzz?*: cactsestial: advice '-c*. O E.
OLE EN. roc— !€. f.m Cr^c-r. Chrcf.:c!e biig.
ANY ¦TTwHTTTt at « per ce=t: Ist. id ar.4 la _crt-
Pig»-s. ur-div'.;;*!! :nt*-~«t. real •¦--.:- :a pro-
btte; _-.crt^aees and >s_c:es bought: no de-
lay: cet _.y t-rrr .% Viercre dilr.c business else-
g-hr-Tf. R. MrtX:LGAN. 24 Mcttgc— ery. r. *.
KIv~HLY rtf;-ect»fc!* pctrate p. ace lo ctt_:n
llbnai aivanres en diarr .or.i». Jewelry at Icw-
«I rat-i. iiil-Jwin Jewelrj- Stcre. MS M_rk?t
tt.; tel. :-;_.r. .C 44. Hrar.ch 13 Third it.
ii''?T reliable p'.ice to bcrr?— c- i.s.— :-Ji
-_t_brs. *ew_try. vr. j. HESTHAI*. ;;• ?ix-.h:
*.:^r^**• • r:<-» fcr Old zz r '-i. t:l\er. di«2icr.i».
ANY """"'I by ; r:v_t* part;- or. CaraStar* _r.d
p;sr.c» : no — ncvjl; jew tste*; ccr.Sd^— tlaL
BO2>TKLU. Hi imslin j Mdp.. IJ} Pcwel! rt.
IN re«J e*t*te. !« cr Zr.i --.rrtcages, ar.d en
funtitsre cr pfsiaw: -o rexavral: a-y a— -u-t-
'.:»r^t ratt*. DECKER _ CO.. t« Mcntgcm-ry.
>T ::• K^srry ft., rr-r- S. res;#-ctat> pr:-. a:e
riac* to be— -c— oa v._t"hes. ti:a— ;cis; icweit
.*«tes: taVe <? ! »vatcr. Tel. Ds — s (<SI
ON fcrritE— ar.d plsr.cs withcut re.-rrval: quick
t-em-w; tncr.ey direct; lewcM Irtercst. Ros— _
O arid €.-. l>or,oko* bv.'A-ot. n~u Market st.
r.i-> < r. f-jnllw 3.: t_ T-*? cert: a>s
>f*r« to faiaried r*-^ple. HAIiSHBAHGEH.
?T5 Eni:« rt.. rco— S4. '-¦>•¦
I-"NEYica.r.el t-i'.=r:«-i people »:thojt becsrlty
HILL. r-r. 44. M«rch*r.ts' Eichge. 43! Calif.
TO raisrifi pe--j::e; -.;thjut secur-.ty; all iiti-
res* ecs&Aenttal. Toexley Cr . J*: Ptrrctt tig
PRXVATB party, cr. r—mttci- ar.d r!i-js: :<^:
ro ran— ml: m eonoaatniaaL « Ei'y st.. r. Q.
AV.-TIN-S Sa:«ry J. c£ r. C?.. ' r .t F.rrctt balta-
:r.g-Ken ¦.-__ secure ;csr:s cr psrsoral r.c:e.
CA.-H ;-Jiir.l to si"ar:e<l r*o; ;• on note w:t?:?=t
•r.-l-rter. MORP.ELI.. £C".- i~\*- itr.er tci:i:r.t.
*-'• TO JX.C'O: lowest rt'.frs: Ist and ZI ncrtu;
s-r.y pr-.-pcsitics. DSTPEX. 4_ Moctiro-ery.
CN furr'.ture. p'.ano*, with— :t re— — >'al: n»
cenr. ?«, r.: ;rr^t>. LICK. I'.f M:A'.:i«t;r.
IF y.MT prcp-erty ;s rr 'tru-»ee-i tnd yea need
-ere n-.-.-o ?ee H. YtfRPHY. *Z*; Ma-ket rt.
TO siltr:^ xr-~. WiXbevX c-Ilateral cr iad"rs»r;
f*.--»r : :¦:*.* «.:;rrj; private rt»>— s. >ar> Fran-
r-«- ry»ct»— Pt «.»— ner. HI Phelaa b'j M'-.c.
JILsICAL I>SIKI_E.\TS.
A 5 «c —present the best make cf planes In
every f~ id*, frcm Steirway dewn to lew -
Xr:?'d r.ik't. ar.i as cur lr.st_!!n-.ert pay-
— «rts ere <-at:er tfeaa these cf ether fi*a>rs.
»c ar* the pecp'.t frcm wbeo yea thou'.d
p-jrcha**; r«* Uir:ght p;ancs. ii csth. $f per
d uth: other piano* n. U ar.d 13 per n<mt_
EBOUIaX, CLAT A «"O . Ste:cw_> D*a:*rs.
ccr. Ke_rt.y and Gutter sts.. San Fr_r.c_:c;
ccr. Ttirteeata and Broadway. Oa_Jas_
>:- OTl>crt-r.s:y fcr sr-ay bur.te— .
V.'eber— Upr:efct: like new.
:ve— rtt — Sample trtm I f_ctory •
V — Slightly used: walnut cace.
•::-:;— i-aree eize; verj eockJ.
Eftfy— Medluna size; fine tcae.
» ta f.: ur- to cic«* ouickly so reasonable
r r ref—sed: warranted DENJ. CURTAZ
. POX. It-U-M OFirreU «_. Cblckeriz*
A.fncy.
IF y<m really want a real barpal-. you can rely
a reliable artlcie from ur at a low
jr-,ce: call and *•-* for yoarieif. IIAUVAI.S
M'"!?:C CO . T'j Market *t.
OUR rtr-— -t''-" lor bargains Is vet" tftsjtt-
..ft'i. t:»cau^» we al»a>* p:ve the rr.^s: ih_t
•in be had icr the c;ca*y: try us. iIAUVAIS
V.USIC CO.. 7O Marktt st.
IFXKER - SOX ar.d PACKARD t'.anss have
t^'r. so »ell ks;«m fc-r —any yea— that we
r.-r:<J inly say »* are the armts and carry a
ful llae. UXVXAIS MUSIC CO.. TO __¦-
ke uei
ABSOUCT&UT the e'd-tt snd largest doom
— — H cf C^!cat?o 1* KOHLER *. CHA«E a,
tt, z* ana Z0 OTarrell *t.: places, crs-an* and
ail ether — _sic_l ir.strurr. e=t» of «!I «— 1 1!«
rr.i pri-c?: te—r. ? easy; t>r.cej lowe*t: tvtry-
th.r.r pc— -tde <i;=e to plea»e aai s_t:sfy the
catMßtf.
KNAPE p'mnrt: c«w scale; new rtyles. KOH-
LER * CHACIS. 89 O Farrtl! tt.
a IIANO in _c^-4 ccni-Uan J4j
»F.r.e upr^ht plaso <a bargain) SIC
UprtTtt plar.3 •f.'.f'-tly u»e-i) _ Jl£7
V;r.rh l r'.tr.-. »£lr.j: (-early new) »L«7
Pbeet t;-iu«ir. stts'l musical Ir^tro—esta. fi.
_r_W\-FJC CO . 225 gutter ft.
C^Ot> r:*no train %'* to HV: r- jarante— i: ta-
m<— ta ft. IS. tT, H^; — r.ts J2 up.
BEO~S. Ot PUsi «C
MAGNIFICENT urr:rht :!n-: — .urt be sold
na pdtalely oo «rcourt nf .I^riartur" cf o>nej
*-- th>- ¦-.:>-: t:r.. Arp> r— ¦ ?L Flf^-d biig.
WILL sel" rer stc— xe, «:pr:cht. li': Tboa. Ball
• r.r f: ¦•: A. B. Chase. fc:e!r.way ar.d
'•.T.t:r. WILSON'S FTORAGE. ITIC Market.
F'HMEH _ CO.. Eyrcn Maczy plane*, tit to
::: Pre : f ..
FINE *t*!r,way opripht for rft>: leaving city.
!~ '- "Xfi-r'.rT rt.. co— i»r gutter.
S*'— !INK urrie+t pSasa: p-er'ect rrJtr: preat
f«r*rs.:r.. IT"? HtmUm »t-. near N:nth.
A nv. £a]— uul ¦ ~ ~TI ¦ r'.»r,ri. Ctt p»r mo.
EOCTT-'.rKTAZ PIANO CO.. lfi Hayes tt.
GOOD r:s her- —^st harcalr_ SCKMITZ^ It
ir-All'y-.er st.. _txt H:ter_la Bar—
FINK PSartMT ar<d Steisway upright: »aerifJr<^d.
KEEFnTB. VM Vtn N^s-* aye.. rr. Geary ft.
W. c,. EAIXSER. «12 Fa-— i— »=to St.. airer.t tor
Prase ? P.s-r- s-1 Ho'le-t & Davis ;iisn.
fri-ft-p.-rsH i-;-:'r.» i'.;h<=— =. r\i ani new. H.
-TT'r.LrTR. neVf. r^r>«!-»r. 7 Latham Hac*.
orncEs a\c ktores— to let.
HI :- pT r 'RE and ! living rD^m s: yard: crran-
Vr; «h«!v:rr- 190? Nat^ma. near E>vezih.
LARGE «:cre. eorn«r Brv eath and Natoma:
used 3! y— . as —roc-ry ar.S ealoon: reas^n_V.e.
VALENCIA. SO. r^ar Tw er.ty-fl— t— La— e eie-
cart Ttcre; ->«.r t^tt. .s: Xa.rz'- baye--.er.t.
J-ALMIS»TUY.
JJSIE. S+i-rgf.-r'i. Pr»«. Pt. Or— am Colle*- of
I'alrrirtry: re_ds 1 to S. Cl€ tWr>-. r.r. J:n»s
PAIITNEttS UANTBD.
FIR?T-CLA£S r*'-~t" t* partner, with «;>od
rt | er»tic*s. PA I NTKR. W: Thirc St.. ro-,m 10
FKIISONALS.
BUC~-Zrr~D bity rirl fcr adoption. MRS.
DR. FU.VKE. i4l« Eighth et.. Alanieda.
G I> MOKPE. pb-otc-— rs ipher. Zv~* Pacific _v».,
between Pierce ar.d gcr:'-t: phone St«.'n*r ST-1.
LEDEIiEK'S C*-ir.tcr.ica> ke*"p» hair fresh and
r_e _>' box: Lederer's Foama Ehac. poc ke*-j;s
l_e scalp clean: Ik pkg- 1^ Swektontat.
LEDEF.r^ Is the hair£res~r who <!.>e« It right.
Mice 'J<: c_ke* a epeci_!ty cf sending artists
to At brid«V fcatr: this we«k _!-:nch switche*
a :.: :3 Stockton «t.
JlAia doctcr s remedy; prepare use — :ys»lf.
Kt'E^TEii, »peciailEt, N. G. depot. Oa_.a.^i;
c*!i. f-T-.S.e.
rJlt. PAKKER. al-*-t tr-atmeut —res _:t dliv
eases. IC27H si«rk« rt.. g_n F— mcisco. Cal.
PRIVATE tktucttn work; rea»onabie rates; ten
2____2_^r_____£_____t Y j_^l_______
Ui:-iS?-ti-ii pints' «« -off clothissb>rJFhtand
eo-5. eUrtrnma. j->4 FoUq~ : tel. rou&m ij_
INFOK.M ATION *i.r.fc OMXMrntp* WILLIAM
THCMAB vr ANDY EOWHEN. natives of
KXtcbridc. C~.rty Leitrt—. Ireitid. If iiv-
:r r ptesse addres* CHIKL!:? H. GIL— OOLY.
C— roCaa. PJ-.ode Island, bex a:.
f'.ITS c- easy Ir.ru.Mn:cnts tnm impcrtrfor
fj_ -,—-_--,. Oce Price Tallr-rin*; Co..
ca.Keray st.. txt. Sacra— ento * California.
rnrE- A bottle cr hair tcnic to each cust-ner
ca!Ur.g at my hair fires»lr.ff and manicaiinr
ps.rJo— . _5 acd _U. SM Harkgt; cpen «rtt_.
IC PHOTOS for tZ p«r direr at FOWZEK'E.
lI4S Markrt «t., n*ar Taylor.
JiIis^EHELDON. ch:roi>od!st and business _ad-
vlce. tSt Msrtet ft.. t»cond fl^cr. room *<¦
AN »Sejr=ct wv'.t tor V.a 7» fr->m i— ported or dc-
Szr.*iV.c rt— nants J^ I-EMO?. IU7 Market ¦_;
bet— **n Sever.tii and Eighth.
CT"RLED ct — aved hair can be quickly obtained
•l\ ¦ct.sx Talcotf s Curling Fluid: ZZc b>>ttle.
C^5T-OFK «-ictMrsr. old g ;!d and silver b-JUSfct;
?end pyial. cnLEMAN'S. U-i Keamy st.
EL" CTK!C liciits ;n ertry nmi V.'tn-h»«ter
HctfL 44 Third rt-. near Market: 1» room s:
;¦¦•%:: p+r nirtt: :;¦'¦: z: per week:
fi— • 'bus and.baicFajre to and from the ferry.
fTAMMEKIXC fcrrected: K>ck!»t. J. WHITK-
HO RN. A.M.. Ph-D.. 121S Llr.len ft.. Oaklar.3.
IF you wlrti full value f»— year cart-aff cloth-
tr-r ca'l en D. Cohen. I~ Third: tel. Hlack 4_»
ALAEKA fur firr.fr.t'. hood*, r-.ttts. leather
r<-e'.r H. M. HT~N~iSAV. If<t Ftra-rw *t
PIIOTOGUAPniC SUPPLIES.
W"E loan kt>dak* free; phcto r'jppl»-« ! ' B^cfc— '
»:-C;c- U Ctixr st_ — rou_l &oor.
PHYSICIANS AND SL'KGKONS.
j EP.. C. C. O^NN—LL— Office and residence,
U2l^ Msrket st.. tet. Sixth ar._ Seventh.
CR. STYAN'P Rheumatism Cure. $1; free to
ro:r every 'Wedr.esday. 84 Geary st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
1123ft— ABSOLUTE sacrifice; nearly r.ew S-room
cottage: stable _rs<l large I?t; Vr.k and Dolores
«ts.: electric car [assee: principal bank loaned
f-100 at 7 per cent tlx —onths age: can remain
If desired: between brothers: Is cheas for
!?'<>&; r>rportur.lty of a lifetln ;« to pay rent to
y&urtfclf. J». a. DOLaN. U Msntg j— ery st.
j tt&X— TWO fats, five ar.d fcur rocms: all known
i I— irrcvemenu : bay-— '.ndow; bulkhead; br.ck
• war.c _r.d fo_ndaticn; best street; sunny: Mi»- ;
sierj; or.!y two years bu'U: a Mtcrlflce: on In- j
rta;:— er.ts: M 5 — .rr.thly cr W.V. exchar.ee for .
vacact !-•« any r_rt city. P. A. DOLAN. I
:i M:r.t_:~>ry st.
j BARGAIN- Frr WLle. fine sur.ny residence. U
I ro^nr.s. taLb, attic an<3 basement; — .odern;
pafftt'l order: crand view, large lot 6CxIJ4; j
electric cars: rr.;ght exchange In part fcr j
s— ,a"f>r h^ute cr _>^J Ist. AfiJrest D. J.
Ml.-p.rHY. r^ Calif: rr.ia St.. ro~a« 3C and ZI \
i FLAT&— Always rer.'.*-3: f^y 13 per cent; ~»y
be izcrex.- :-i to 17 p«r cent; SeicnJ aye.. Rich-
icr-r.d AMIUob: must bo s-jld at cace; no i
I cgt^ts. Ucx iS??. Call office. j
i 2 FL»TP- H'T> t-M 7 roorss zr.i tath: lewer cse j
C r'irrV a"..i rath; !c; :;:Exl^:6; price H2^J. .
FHILBRICK. 2^7 Fclsam ;t. j
i WILL tuii<i fcr SI2OQ r*£r 2-f.at house; piar.s
' furn!she_: boose rtpainrp done: drop pcstal. J
j GEO. M. BALSBUBY, builder. 2"47 Pcik st. j
; BARGAIN— Oft Slt'.OCv: — ;:i sell tit>i. elegaci i
i becae i rowan ar.i tath: garden. Apply Ito4, j
i §10 Pag? St.. between Pierce and Scctt. j
! W!L_ sell cr rer.t 10-rc-r— , hcuse; nicely fur- i
! __h»d A B. Smith Fumsva— Co.. 12S El- j
j J}L?L !
' PaTS :? r<r cer* -•:— 4 taodero flats: _11 rer.t-
; ed: !ar?e let; ?44«<: half cash. App'.v en
i pne r— ::s*». Harrison ft-, near Twenty-arst.
i MARKET ST. PF.CPEP.TY.
i SJ-foci cc— ler: unimproved. Aiiress REEL
S TATH. 75 _:gMh .^'..
: Have j.: remi ti-.ni! :n tt« Missscr. cr Hot- j
r*:'» Adi-t;:n '.hat vcu wish to dispose of '
tfeen c«Il cr. W. J GVNN. J" Ca'.t.'rrnla st. i
,, — — — ¦ — - i
JITOO — I 4-ro;— . ctttc-^es: pantry. t?t an 3 |
cz<£ -a;*r: easy terms. \ZZ2 Rr.cde U'.ar.i ft ;
UKAL ESTATE COl NTKY For Sale j
: THE Eiparto Cclcny far— s := the Caray Valley |
couri-j should tr lockei af.»r ct cr.ee. _* th:s ;
U the t:rr.e cf the year t: trrar.ge for tree ar.i ;
vine taj— js rar.fe in sire frc-m It f> •
j 4? a— cc ar.d tew sold to induce i-nnedlate ;
( action at lew prices _r.d easy ten r.s: bjn:*-
fre«-fcer* will never regret securing cr.e cf tr.ese j
he— *s; r.o malaria. r.o frosts: products earil- i
1 est in B— ufcet; goc-6 soc!»tv. ord sch>:.ls <lr.- I
! c'.vi'.zg fci^h tchocl): — actiamlred reads: J J
r_:rca4 trains daily tr;— ?an Franc'.sco; '
water for '.rrisatkn when d«irecJ: vaperiflr to
Southern Califcma fcr rapine ell kinds cf ;
cltr^fi rmit. recently so rrcnourced by lead- j
Jn?- Beetbem Califcrr.la eir*i~:e: the»e lani-*. ;
with the s'jr-erlcr soils aiiJ ail other a<iva.n- I
tape« ss.rr.ei. will te sold at prices far b*!r»' i
ttim* sjt^i in :oc_:::!es hitherto ccns:d*red ;
' Bsapproaehftfale la tx;e:iec^»: there Is r.o inert ,
Independent life than the small dlvers:.*.od ]
far— r«-r's: the fa— r.s sold before the par.ic j
have hecrrr.e deve!cre<S ar.a zre paying anno- •
aily as murh ac $1"< per acre; you can 'cave '
Ftr: Frar.r:sc^ on Sam train, have J cr 4 ¦
h«in • _t Esrarro. *r,3 back to fsn Frar.c'.sco j
early t>-e aamc evening; y^u w:i! f:nS tr age-t |
tt Kctel Btr-es. Esparto, to »So— you the
lar.fl?. Cr — rr. ur.:ca-e by Utter with GEO. D.
F7?KE. AVoc^Jlar-d. Cal.
ACCURATE r*>r*-:r.°!.\ know ledge — =«'h of t v e
XW — Irishes m — y fa> ar.d exchar.ee list.
N. P ?ICKEL?-rh^ lar.-i at-rt- :•¦ G*ar>- st. ]
1A r CVRATE pe— --r.al kr.cwifdc* — each cf the }
ST9 ranches on —j ?ALE AND EXCHANGE *
lirt N. D. SICKELS-tht UND AGENT- '
i 1? Geary st. *
i i
f I2T' — TtTO r-iles esrt of Keillr.s;. ccur.ty yeat cf
Shasta; 25 acres; Sne location: level; some
t!:r.ter: aiarted to fruit of ar.y kind; cost,
! yetr U3*. CT-'. b*fc— > railroad line was built;
! •«*« half 'f Irt 11. Shasta Citrus Cclcay.
W. BIU Nato— a ft.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. ?z.n Fab'o avo.. • rr.llea ;
north cf Berkeley, rear Banta F» Railroad—
Valley iar.d by the acre W m "¦». Tall for
t-ar>. e*r.. en G ~. HEIGHT. WI Cal. St.
R£AL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
! LARGE list city er.d country prcr^rty for ex-
char.re: r<-r.-i fcr ca_!o{r-<;. SCHWEINHABD
i _ CO.. rr. Market Ft., rocrrs 1 £-3 2.
lIOOSIS FOR. HOISEKEEPI.VG.
i Bl'fH. 14:7. r»tr Pcik— Fcur convenient fur-
r:i«hed hsus -keeping rt-omr; Fn_Ji private j
1 house: rent SX. j
\ EDDY, 2C7— Larg» front room , J2 ~l; fre nt room,
i rusEisg water. 12 ZZ; sur.ny room, 12.
; EIGHTH. S^B. rear Market— One cr two sunny
1 frt :.nt r^onis and kitchen, fumithed lor house-
| keeping; bath.
j EIGHTH. IW — Sunny hotsekeer'n^ room: fold-
ing t*d; sn-.ail rar.ge; tunay perch; station-
| s-ry tubs; S7.
I ELLIS. SSi— 2 small runny furcisfc-ed house-
ke*f-ir:g rocrcs In rear: $j.
j FIFTH. ??i — Suite of rooics furnished for
i housek»»pini". rert cheap.
' FOL£«~'M. %ti— Sunny bay-window r:<— ar.d
j kitchen. J3 20: als-i 2 ethers; closet, bath. Jl M.
i GOLDHN GATE aye.. HZ— Tw n sur.ny coanect-
ir.r roc— .» furnished for housekeeping; rect
_^
! GROVE. ~2— A pleasant sunny bay-windaw
rco— i: also other front rooms for ll^ht bcuse-
ke*i-!r.c cr wlthoot.
j HOWARD. 1324 — Or.c or two front rooms for
light hou»»e— »#plr.s.
i haTF.S. 4fl— Four newly furnished rooms and
j t_th. Jl?: also three roc— s, $_ iO. '<?.,:
! HYPE. COS — Eur.r.y jtarlcr f!'x;r of 2 cr 3 rooms,
complete fcr houttkeejinc, also tinjrle.
IVY 114— 5 rr>cn_ furnUned for housekeeping; i
rer.t X-
JESSIE. 47S— Furr. ished r--^-— fcr llfiht hOQW
keepir^;; aiso slr.g'.e r^crr.t.
) KEARST. ZTi. r.ear Sutler— A f— >nt suite. JU:
ps*. *2^itor !»rv![f free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
': LEAVrN'-VORTH. 1"21 — 2 or J rooms fumlehed
; or unfurnished, fcr housekeeping.
.. — j
t M M'.KET, His — 3 r* >r.— s furt:!*hed for house- j
| keeptar. W: - oafnr_ls_ed It. 3. J*. •
'• MARKET. I£SS. CFP- Ter.th— Large «u=ny al- i
j ccve. ft. ' also cc__crtatl9 bt-droom acd j
| kirchen. j
MARTHA P'.ace. «— 2 sunr.y furr. Uhed rooms; j
hcut-ek«-ep!rg: sir.k; w. c. Farce floor. j
MINNA. Z% — Fun; !?he-J hcusekeeplng at:d single !
! r;«nf. 75c and |1 p-er week.
j 1 ST7NNY fror.t rOOB a. furnished complete for
I hc-usekeeping; rent J2 per week Sho» store.
I Id Missicn Ft., bet. First and Second sts.
MISSION. HJ— Fr:nt rr«m and kit-hen, with
fotOisSted: cempk-te fcr housekeeping.
j MISSION, VU. rear Elfverth— 2 large sanny
I rrvrrr.s: private fansilj*; i.l.
j CTFARRELL. 4Sl— Tw-> cr three runny rooms,
fumifhe-a fc-r fcouf»keepfr;: no children.
SIXTH. USA— 4 ccr.necf.r.ff r"~ s. with piano.
' furr.:fh»<l for hcurck'er'.nß: also ether room*.
I SIXTH. Vr- Larpe nan} roc—, ll^ht house-
' keepiiyr: also other rooms: rent reasonable.
' SOUTH PARK. IM— Two «ur.r.y frcr.t roc— s;
nicely fumuhec; convenient: hcusekeepir.e.
• _TEVEN?CN. 641. b-». 7:h ar.d Jth. near New !
P-r.ftfif£r*— Fu— i. bkpg. rms.; bath; central. !
SrTTER. »r3O— t'sfui— ishe-5 front rccms with I
• mar.fl. gts ar.l <-lcyets. IE 1?.
SUITER. 1111. near Larkln— Comfortably furn.
fincle suites: alto hkpg. : terrr. s reasonable.
VAN NESS. 'I — Sur.rsy frert rooms for house-
keeping. riT- la US: also single rooms fcr gen-
tlemen, t: ta tio.
VAN NESS aye.. IC2l— Fr;nt sunny suite with
kitchen: ras rar.g*. bath.
I2OR S le— :e sucry rocrr. s. consectf!. for hr.use-
keeplr-e: s:rV. l\th and ga*.- 14^1 Powell st.
ROOMS TO LET — Faro. n-.l lafors.
A-ERVNSWICK HOUSE. 14T~i7xth^Roonis
J&c to Ji per night: s; :j to :; r*r%weec a_d
Hfbt hcu*#Jte*p:-«: open ali :..pht.
A— "THE ELMER H^'SE." 824 Bush St.. ad-
Jr-lnlnK the Ru*» Hotel: M rooms: all prices.
BOHEMIA. 23 Pc-st. err. Stocktcn-Sir.R> and
j ccrr.er sur.r.y rjltes; finest In city; h"st ani I
j co!d »»;»:; elevator; to-jrists acconirnfdatel. '
BURNETT. :4_S Market st. <old No. 1364)— Fu- i
! risted rms.. #n!te>. «!n«r!e; aTso unfur— !»hed. j
BUSH. 1124— Errant suite and s'.r.gle roc— s;
t_th; runnfr.gr water: beautiful reception
rco— i; breakfast reascnabie; elegant home.
BUSH. M 24. corner Hyde— Sunny corner rooms;
lawn, telephone and all conveniences; hot
waiter ar.d bath.
CALIFORNIA. K3— Neb H!!l: elegantly furlshed
ranny roc— .s; tain ar.d phone.
CARROLTON. 120* Market, c^r. Golden Gate
aye, — Sunny corner; weil fum.: nr.t. _ c'Sr#»- |
EDDY, >— Jl £* week up; tunny fumUhed i
roc— s: Market-street view. j
EDDY. 21*— Rocm*. <!ay. week or month; best
fcr tie money In the c!ty.
EDDY, 722. bet. Polk and Van Ness— Elepa .nt
furn. p—ricr suite: choice location fcr doctor.
FULTON, lit— One Js_gle; also double; rent
. — i— s.-n_Me.
GEARY 4" <Tbe Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
«.<• roc'mi; fultes cr single: .travelers ace on .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. C4— Sanny rooms; fur-
_u— ed; rent very rea*osa_l»
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Inforn.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
tingle; ladies' parlor; readme rocm: elevator.
GUERRERO. 1147— Suite cf parlors and kitchen.
fu— ilthed for hpcsekeeplng: U5.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7&1 Mission st.— Select
family rccmlng hcuse: II St. to i« per week.
HANOVER HOUSE. f27A Howard— Changed
hands; newly renovated ; housekpg. and (ingle.
HOWARD. S2&— Rooms frcm tl v.-*ek up to 15;
2£c to tl Eight; alsc housekeeping room J.
HOWARD. IC72— Four sunny rooms and bath;
1:2 ex
LEAVENWORTH. 4»-€unny front hall room,
tS.
MINNA.' «?.;. ccr. _!ghth— New furnished bay-
window room. Jl per week; transient. . ---
MISSION. 111J— Sunny rooms, newly furnished:
single ard double; tS acd IS; also housekpg.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh— Lan~ sunny
frcrt rocm; fine for 2 gentlemen: $2 per week.
NATOMA. SS— To let, 3 rooms with separate
yard ar.d water: rer.t i*. :
NATOMA, i£S*±— Nicely furnished sunny front
rocm. 14 f-0: tack rocm , J4.
NUMBER cf large sunny rooms for gentlemen;
110 to $2Z: call fgr l:st. 613 Exg.rr.iner bldg.
OAK. 116— Sur-ay newly furnished front bay-
wicdew rocrrs : pas: bath: private family.
OAK. 3^5 — Larjre frr ;?A room, nicely fum ish-d.
with private fa.-r.Jly; with fcatb and gas;
cheap. ¦:
OFAKR.ELL. ?>— S-jr.ry furr!*h»d rocros an!
offices; tl'vator. electric llehts: day. — o.
POWELL. Ill— L!eM. clean. coar.f-rtaWe rms. : -
suites cr f'.r.gles: raccSng water; gas: rea«. i
ROSEUALE H--se. HI Ac E:i:i st.— P.oott. s. '
r.!ph:. 2Sc to %-.: weft. 51 2j to 14: open nigbt. j
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent j
light, re-iir.g rcom. em eking rocm and lailes' 1
ptr'.cr; rooma. per r.'.ght. 15c to $1 W; week, tt
tr !«: n-.ccth. t* to tZj; elevator en cfflcs tocr;
rcKTT.s w.ta h?t a='J cold wat<;r; baths. ='!¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦
PIiKHVAN Apartment Hcus?. 25 Eighth tt..
resr Market— F"orr.:«-h»d and unfurnished.
STHVENSON. «¦"•— Sunny front re-err. «; si=g> or
dooble: light hrufekeepir.t;. ,
TAYLOR. Til. near Oearj— Nicely furnished
sunny rocm.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture: fine!*, suite*; tra_s'i.
THE OAK? Of Third— A r<vi rooming hsuse !
fcr "<v3 PP^r'e. R- HTTGHF.g. proprletsr.
TO let — Nlre sunny front rocms for offices and i
also furnished rocrns: very cheap. Apply at
rooH— 11 a_d 13. 1$ Montr?— ery st. j
ROOMS AM) UUAUU. ,
A FAMILY bavins a large, well appc'.cted j
ard refi3£d hern e wishes to secure a few ;
cooplea to bc_rd and roc— : first-class In every 1
jertlcular; references required. Address box j
S4M. Call cffSce.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The 3r_dbury:
Cice sunny bay-wicdow rcoms; flrs t-clats
table; prices moderate: 2 car Uses pass _ct*l: I
elevttcr; telephene Hyi» 2771. ICO4 C_lifcr_.a ,
st. : ccrr.tT Pcik. near Van Ness aye.
A-HOTEL La Ncrrr.-r.dle. 32- Eddy-Sucny ]
suites and sinele rc<>— s: ever>-thlrg r.ew: ex- j
celler.t table and services; prices moderate, j
CALIFORNIA. Igt'Sm-f parlors: also single}
roc-m; breakfss: !f desired; references.
NITW family bote): first class in all appoint- I
ne-ts; excellent tatle: sjecla! Induce— pnts to 1
eelect perpie. BP7 | California St.. occupying ,
corner op^ioslte Grace Church. :
JOHNSON Hcuse. t'i O'Farrell— Double and
tingle sunr.y room a, w.th txceller.t board; I
large gr r uajs: references; reasrr.able. ¦
BELORAVIA Hotel, Fc'.it and C:ay— Sunny j
bay-wir.ic— rc>crr.s: s-^'rlnr board; 523 up.
BUSH. U9S — 2 large elfg-antly furnishe.l rooms: j
r pers-ns In either. V 5: 1. 533: billlaris: p'sco.
BAIGHT. 232— Sunny rocms with board; terms ;
moderate. |
K'-iTKL CLAIF.MONT. f!5 Taylor— Re~-ivat»d; I
toltes and tingle rm t. : fonny: excellent tao'.e. |
HOTEL SALIPDURY. Hv-Je _r.3 Fddy: changed j
hs-ds: tbORBBCbIy renovated: elec*nt rocm*.
LAS PALMAP. U:C' Market st.-Su;te cf Z cr J
rtn s.; private: bath: s!n. rms.: beard optional.
POWELL. S--(-?2> (The Hf ires)— Large sunny j
rocir s: rr.arln* view; excellent board: r^as'ble. j
VAN NESS aye.. ?44 fThe Wallace)— First-cla^s ;
arpo'nt— ents: fumi"-he<i or unfurnished if <?e- ;
slrei: taMe «upr!led with the best the market ;
Effords: car.r.ct be mrrasseJ: sreclal induce- j
rr.er.ts tJ students and comply?: f2^. I
VAN NETFS »ye.. ?44 (The —•a'.lace)— Rooms and I
Special notices.
THE Union Oil Co. cf California will rem— re <
Us cff.ee May 1 to the Mills t'.iz , rooms J
SI ar.a ZZ. seventh fiocr. 'I'
B\D tenants elected for *4: courtiers made: j
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION ;
C->.. 415 Montgomery St.. rocms 9-10; tel. f^-W. j
R<~»riMS papered frcm J3: whitene-i. Jl ur>: j
pair.tlr.c Hartman Paint Cf.. 31? Th'r-j. !
JEWIXC MACHIXES A>U St i J'LltH. j
RHNTED. repaired, bought, pod; machine sup- |
p'.le?. Standard Arenoy. 145 fth: phene Mir.t 45. j
ALL kin-is boucr.t. t-n'.d. exchanged, rented; i
reralrirfr «t l<-w*-?t rat*s. KS F.^irth st.
i
STOHAOK A.NU \\ AUll.iOl >.:S.
PTKRCE-R ri IX"'LPH Strrage and Moving Co. j
Off.cc. 4-01 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713. I
FKKINS Van end Storage Co.. 134" Market St.; |
tel. S-:uth S3S; parking, mortr.g and storage. ;
PACIFIC St^rape and Furniture Moving Corn- 1
1-env. T!Z^ Vr.fm r>r» <=t.: pbnM Ji-V«cn 2*l.
SUMMER RESORTS.
CAMPING grcund at Redwood Crave: 15 mis- t
utes' -xz'/k frcm Fairfax station, near Pan !
Rafael: also furnish»>d bou«e of 7 rr«— s to i
rent. Inquire cf J. S. Bellrade, Sacsalltu. or <
J. E. FLINKEY & CO.. SE. cor. Market !
and Fifth st«.
ii» LblbK.
FOR rent— Fire dairy; 100 to 125 cows; In Sacra-
mento County: cheap rent to right parties; •
this is a tr. oney maker. For further particu- i
lars arrly to FRANK HICKMAN. 412 J St..
x- Eacra— ento. j
ALAIIED.rADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
18XJ— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 rocm and bmth I
cottage; cuscr side of street: ! blocks from j
rtaUoa and £<cbocl; lenna (190 caisb. 120 \.~t |
month. .; >'.V:
liyo— New modern cottage; 5 rocms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc.. com-
plete: c»r statlcn and i:bocl: tICO cash. Hi
per — cnth.
tiiir'f cs«h— To dOM <tn »rtate; worth IJ000;
Cr»eft ccrr.er In Ala— eda: see thin at ence.
Fine — od*rn heuse; 8 rooms and bath: S3 000;
r.o — oney down: easy recnthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this I* a map.
H. P. MORKAL A CO.. 1435 Park rt.
BARGAINS ON TERMS.
E. 8 and 7 room cottapes: 7. i _ad • room
houses; waterfront rrrperty; lot 63x185. on !
Central aye.. near Fifth St.: double IH-etory !
hcus* rer.ts fpr JN; price J22^o. Apply to A. •
H. ngNKK. Web«ter-«. station. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HHKKKLEV Itni. K?TAT_
( ACRES, ripht In the heart of beautiful Berke-
ley: small houfe. laree barns: very conven-
ient: for *a!« at a low price. MASON _
McLENATHEN. adjoining PcstofSce. Berke-
ley Station.
NEW house, r.ear university; 9 rooms, bath,
etc.; complete !n every particular: very ac-
cessible. Fcr wile by MASON _ McLENA-
THEN. adjoining PoetofSce. Berkeley Station.
I ACRES: only 3 miles north cf Berkeley; 7-
1-oorn house, chicken houses, barn, farming
Implements, ha— 'es. buggy, cow. pigeons,
chickens and everything pertaining- to the
place; all In first-class condition: only S2SOG;
$M-3 cash, balance to suit; also a fine resi-
dence In Berkeley, to exchange for a ranch.
GEO. SCHMIDT. Berkeley. Schrcldt block.
GfX)D BERKELEY BUYS. ~
ti r ' f *>— Choice comer, new; J room*; elegant I
vl»w: cl—c to C. C.
I4EOo— Colonial home, near V. C: easy terms.
$ron— 22?xl9o: North Berkeley: snap.
tiax> — MrvSem. nearly new, 6-room cott&ge:
ppath Berke'ey: easy terms. 'WURTS, S«ven-
t»*r.t>i «r><l Bm»iJ-«r. Oakland.
BERKELEY ROOMS AJfD BOARD.
"THE PLEASANTON." 2622 Dara .nt aye.. will
l<e cren for summer boarders May 15; rates
reasonable: beard optional.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Fine ho— c, S rooms;. large — —-den;
en Stxteenth-st. electric line: bargain. Ad-
dress F. N.. 1431 Bush st.. San Francisco. "
OAKLAND FURNISHED . FLATS.
120— FLAT; 7 rooms: complete for housekeep-
ing; gas rarge. Elf £ Fifteenth St., Oakland, j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND FCR.MTCRE FOR SAX_.
AN ina^ductlcn to you frcm H. ScheUhaas.the
furniture dealer. 11th ar.d Frar.kl'.n. Oakland
uivili_.mj >oric_s.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. IC4 t«C cents !
per thare) cf the Oceanic Steamship Company
will b« payable at the office of the cxm j.any.
tt'. Market *(-. on and after Tue&day. May 1.
1»». Transfer books will close en Wednesday.
Apnl 25. ISOC'. at I o'clock p. m.
W. P. K. GIBSON. Actlnc Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR m'iLITAJRy" SUPPLIES.— JI
New Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal..
April ECth, IK<3. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. — ...
May l£th, 1900. and then opened, for furnish-
ing Stationery, Lanterns. Stoves, Stove Fur-
niture. Lamp Chimneys, Feather Dusters, Of-
ttce'Tables, Rur*. Hardware,' Saddlery. G. 1.
Buckets. Alcohol. Stable Brooms.' Excelsior.
Glue, Axle Grease. Leather, Lumber. Oils,
Palct*. Rope, Soap, Sponge, etc Preference
will be fiv<n to article* of domestic produc-
tion and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including In the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) and
such prelerenc* riven to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent cf the consu— p-
tlon required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of Proposals fcr delivery at other points will
be entertained. Infer— sation and blank pro-
pesais furnished on application. Envelopes
w'l} be Indorsed "PrcpoEals for Military Sup-
rile' No. H*£." and addressed CAPTAIN
OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster,
L' 7 S*. Anr.y. Depot Quartern iastsr.
SVN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April Zi. 1900.— Sealed
prcposalr. In triplicate, will be received here,
ar.d at office of Quarter— _ster. until 11 o'clock
a' — Monday. May 2*. ISfO. for furnishing,
during fiscal year commencir-p July 1. I>X>,
fcrag-e and straw for San t>lego Barracks.
Cal. : also at same time, at this office only,
f.-.r forae* ar.d straw "for Alcatrax Island.
Anrei I*!ar.d. Fort Baker. Bor.icia Barracks.
Fort Hf"" Presidio of San Francisco, and j
San Francisco, Cal. Government reserves |
rieht to reject cr accept any and all bids, cr
any part thereof. Preference given to arti-
c:«""= cf American production, conditions ol
price and Quality (Including In the pries of j
foreign production! the duty thereon) being j
e<;u&l. and such preference given to articles j
of American production produced en the Pa- j
cific Coast to extent cf censurr. ptlon required j
by the jubl'c service there. All Information j
furnished OB application to Quarter— aster at j
San Dleco Barracks cr to undersigned. En- I
velopes ccnta'.nlng bids to be endorsed: j
"Prcpcsals Icr Forag« and Straw," ar.d ad- •
r.r«sed to said Quartermaster, or to J. M. i
MARSHALL. C. Q. M. j
PROPOS will be received at the Bureau of j
Fupr Hes anJ Account*. Navy Department.
Wa«h'r^t", D. C. until 12 o'clock ne-on. 1
May S IMS. ar.l publicly opened Immediately i
* thereafter to furnish at the Naval Hospital 1
ar.d the M. & ?. Etorehouse. Mare [aland.
Cal.. the dally supply cf — eats, proceries.
butter egps. cheese. Ice. milk, bread, vege-
tables and provender for the fiscal year ending i
June 5?. IML Blank proposals will be furnish- j
ed upon arplication to the Naval Hospital, j
Mare Island. Cal.. or to the Navy Pay Office.
San Francisco. CaL A. S. KENNY. Pay-
m a*t»r General. C. S. N. 4-7-03
TIETHS^MRRIAGES-DEATHS.
_LA.HBIED.
BK?CHCRMANN— BODIEN— In this city. April I
Zi. I*X'. by th» Rev. J. G. Mangold, Charles {
Heschor— ann and Laura Bodien.
BRUCE- SORRF.LI^S— In this city. April 23, !
IK'3. at the residence of the bride. 33 Glen'
Park avenue, by Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, j
Robert A. Bruce Jr. and Miss Viola Ruth t
Scrreiis. both cf San Francisco.
GLASBERG— KOENIG— In th;s city. April 2S. i
UOO, by Rev. J. Fuendellng. Ivan Giasberg '
and Marie Kc^enig. both of San Francisco.
HINRICH.= EX-FR~SE— In this city. April 23. j
1>», by Rev. J. Fuendellnc. William Hinrich- i
sen of'Monterey. Mexico, and Senta M. Frese J
cf Hill Valley. Cal.
WATSON— KRETH— In this city. April 23. 1500.
by Rev. J. Fuendelinp. Albert J. Watson and .
Caroline S. Kreth. both of San F raaclsco.
__ „
Annunciata, Mother Lair, R»v. Victor M.
Blohm, Annie Lewis, Jenr.ie
Blum. Bennett M. Makir.. Eunice
Blunt. John P. Matbewsen. Nellie
Bordweil. Georse A. Mahoney, John
Burke. Effle A. G. McKee, Joset>>i L.
Cataford. Louis Moffatt. William'
De Veuve. Henry P. Ohfa. Walter H.
Dolan, Hughey Parker, Harold D.
I>ove, Alice Qulr.lan. Edward A.
rox. William B. Rchlepp. Herbert
Grey. Mr*. Sadie Rj an, Margaraet
JJcbbs, Capu H. H. S<;haf«r. Jcbn
Jackson. Cyril F. Snell. Hannah
Johansson. Frans A. "Westgate. Georse E.
Kerz, 11. a M.
ANNtTNCIATA— A solemn requiem high mass
will be ce.ebrated at 9 o'clock this day (Mon-
day), in St. Charles Borrcmeo Church, Eight- \
eefath and Shotwell streets, fcr the repose of 1
the soul of Mother Annunciata. Mother Gen- j
eral of the Sisters of the Holy Cross.
BLOHM — In Berkeley, Annie Blohm. mother of 1
Mrs. W. L. Arnold. Mrs. H. D. Kelsey and j
Charles H. Elchns, a native of Birmingham, ¦
Enrland.
C^Funeral services will be held at her late }
residence. Shattuck aver.ue and Berrj'man '
tlrtet, Berkeley, this day (Mcnday), at 2 j
o'clock. Interment private.
BLUM— In this city. Apnl ZS. IX*. Bennett M. j
Warn, beloved brother cf Jacob Blum, a na- ¦
live of Dobrzyn, Poland, aged 70 years 3 1
months and 23 days. A member of Ariel j
Lodjre. I. O. B. 8., of San Jose.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day )
(Monday), at 10:20 o'clock, froia the parlors '
cf Th»o<!er Dterks. 9G7 Mission street, thence j
by 11 :30 o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery j
for Interment.
BLUNT— ApriI 2S. 1900, John P.. beloved hus- \
bar.d cf Sarah, and brother of W..G. Blunt, 1
and Etepfather of William D. and Arthur B. j
Worster, a native of Massachusetts, aged a ¦
years.
r_TFriends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Tuesday), at I:S3 o'clock, from 121 Eddy j
street, under the auspices of Pacific Lodee <
No. 125. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic 1
Cemetery.
BORDWELL— In tbl« city. April 27. IJOO,
George A. Bcrdwell. beloved husband of Lfi- .
zie S Bordwell. and father of Fred A.. W. j
Percy. Frank V.. Georse Otis. Paul H. and ]
Hattie Bordwell.
E~Fun*ra! at Presbyterian Church. Ala-
meda. this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock. In- •
term ent private.
BURKE— In San Jose. April 2«, l«0. Effle A.
G., only child of Frank H. and Mary A. I
Burke, aged 12 years 10 months and 20 days.
CTFuneral private.
CATAFORD— In this city. April 29. lK>O. Louis,
beloved husband of Cecelia Cataford. and 1
father of Margaret Cataford, a native of i
Montreal. Canada, aged IS years and 1J i
months.
DE VEUVE— In Larkspur, Cal., April 2S, «<*. i
Henry P.. beloved husband of Louise de !
Veuve, and father of Harry, Arthur acd Alice, ¦
cc Veuve, and sen of Mrs. Henry de Veuve, ¦
a native of Texas, «ced 42 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-— crrow .
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen's ;
Episccpal Church. Fulton street, between j
Webster and Fill— ore. Remains at the fun-
eral parlors of Bunker _ Lunt. 2e66 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
CypreM Lawn Cero etery. by electric funeral
car, from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DOLAN— In the City and County Hospital,
April 25. 1900. Hughey Dolan, a native of Ire-
land, aeed ?0 years.
DOVE— In this city. April _. 1£». Alice Dot*.
beloved wile of the late James Dove, and
mother of Geor; 1 * S. Dove. Mrs. Sarah Taylor
and Joseph A. Dove, a native of Nottingham,
Encland, aged 83 years and 6 menths.
f_TFriends and accualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3309 Twentieth street, near Church.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets;
FOX— In East Oakland. April 29. 1900. William
8.. beloved husband of Laura Fox. and father
of 'William. Charles. John. Constance. Henry. }
Annie. Violet. Earle and the late Vipor For, j
a native of England, aged 75 years 4 months
and 9 days.
CTREY— In this city. April 2J. IXO. Mrs. Sadie
Grey, dearly beloved wife of John Arthur
Grey. th« celebrated horseman and trainer,
a native of "Wales. England, aged *0 years and j
6 — onths.
E~R.e~ alns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr £
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
HOBBS— In this city. April 2S. 1900, Captain
Hiram H. Hobbs. a native of North Berwick.
Mair.e. a«ed 65 years.
ETThe funeral services will take place
this day (Mcnday). at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence. 2C2S Bush street. Funeral and In-
terment private.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
to Fifth st.. crpcslte Lincoln School.
Telephone South t9.
ImcMVOY «£r CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALiIERS.
123S Market st.. between Sth and Sth.
Telephone South 247.-
GRE/n/VTIOIN.
Odd Fellows* Cemetery /ssctfaiion.
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
If d«?ct««ed was a member OF ANY ORGAN-
IZATION havirs; a presiding officer and secre-
tary tfci» " charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle for the' ashes and on ran service Is 139.
The sa— e for members cf his family.- \
GEORGE K. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
JACKSON— In this dty. April 21. 1900. Cyril F..
beloved sou of Cyril W. and Anna Jackson,
and grandeon of Mrs. Thomas Smyth and
Fred Jackson, and nephew of Jennie, Robert
and Fred Jackson, a native cf San Fraa-
ci»co. a?ed 6 months acd 2 days.
•""Friends and accualntances are jespect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday"), at 1 o'clock, from the parents" resi-
dence. 141 C.ara street, bet— e*n Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
JOHANSSON— In Mill Valley. April 29. ISOO.
Frans Ar.gu«?. beloved husband of Emma 0..
and brother of Peter. F. W. and Albert Jo-
hansson, and couain of E. A. Schelin of Oak-
lard, a native of Olecd. Sweden, aged 34 years
and 22 days.
KERZ— In this city. April 29. 1300. Elsa M.. eld-
est ar.d dear'.y beloved daughter cf Frank
ar i Meta Kerz. and deer cf Helen Ken. a
native cf San Francisco, aged T years 5
— .orths acd U days.
LAW— In Clarendon. Texas. April M. WOO. Rer.
Victor MarshaM Law. aeed 47 years.
LEWIS— In this city. April 2s. ISOC. Jennie, be-
loved wife of the late John Lewis, a natlva
cf Scotland, aged in years 10 months and IS
days.
CFrlends and accnalntances are respect-
fully lsvlted to attend the funeral this day
(Mcr.day). at 16 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 10244 Fcleom street. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cc— etery.
MAHONEY— In the City and County Hoe;!tal,
April 28, l»0. John Mahoney, a native of Ire-
land, aged !9 years.
M AKIN— In this city. 'April 2S. UW, Eunice.
t«loved wife of John Makln. and mother cf
Mary E. Makln. a native of County Donegal.
Ireland, a^ed 43 years.
F_rFrien<!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 27.4 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose cf her soul,
cc— ;.T.er.:!rr at 13 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crws Cemetery.
MATHEWSON— In this city, April 2S. 1505. Nel-
I'.e, dearly beloved daughter cf Ne!s:n N. and
Nellie Mathewson. a native cf San Fran-
cisco. a?ed 2 years 3 month 3 and 3 days.
C~ Friends and arc^a'.ntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
th? parent*. CO Xatcma street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Ce— etery.
McKEE- In this city. Arril 23. IW. Joseph
L-dlo— , beloved husband o* Helen L., and
father cf Mabel H. McXee. and brother of
Ar.r.a K. Wurkman of Los AaffeJea and Mrs.
Gecrre W. "Ward cf Brooklyn. N. V.. a native
of Middtetowa, Conn.. a?ed 61 years 3 months
ar.d 1 day.
MOFFATT— In this city. April 73. 13". TV ll-
lia— N.. beloved hu«bard of Maggie Mrffatt,
and father of Edward Moffatt. a native of
Scotland, seed 4S ypars. A nr:errsb*r of Ala-
mtoa Lodge No. S. Krights cf Pythias.
C~ Friends and a?cua!ntances are respect-
fully invited to atterd the funeral to-mcrrow
(Tuesday*, at 2 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence. 25?2 Sixteenth street, r.ear How anJ.
Interment Mascnic Cc— etery.
OHEA— Pied at his late residence. 112 Oak
street. In this city. April 2S. 1»3. Walter Har-
vey Ohea. beloved son cf Richard Ohea. and
brother of Margaret. LUile, Dr. George 11..
Robert and Karry Ohea. a native of San
Francisco, az-ed 27 years S months and 7 days.
(Brooklyn, N. V.. Chicago and New Orleans
papers please copy.)
£— "Friends and accnalntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monriay). at 12:3-0 o'clock, from Calvary Pres-
byterian Church, corner Peweli and Geary
streets, thence by 2 o'clock creek boat to
Mountain View Cemetery for inter— t-nt.
PAP.KER— In Alameda. April !9. 1?». Harold
Dartd Park»r. beloved sen of Fred W. and
Jen.-.S? E. Parker (nee Peterson), a native of
San Francisco, ared 9 months and 29 days.
C~"Notice of funeral hereafter.
QfINLAN— In this city. April 2S, 1900. Edward
Ar.thcny. beloved Infant son of Richard D.
and Mary L. Qui.ilan. a native of San Fran-
c:s£o. ased 11 months.
C~Tfce funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from 426 Seventeenth
street. Ir.tex— >ent private. Please omit flew,
ers.
P.OHLEPP— In this city, April Zi. IW, Herbert,
younjrest and beloved son cf Herr— ;ann and
Helene Rch!»pp. and brother of B«rtha, Carl.
Herrir. ar.n. Mathilda, Ellse. H»l«>Ee and Hat-
ti» Rohleip. a native cf San Fra—cisco, a^ed
3 months and 12 days.
C~ Frien4s and accuaintances are respect-
fully invked to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the resider.ee of
his parents, 93>"-j Harrison street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cen;etery.
BYAJf— In this city. April 23. 1900. Marearet
beloved wife of Ja— es Ryan, a native of
County Leitrim, Ireland, affed 75 years.
SCHAFER— In the City enl County Hospital.
April 2S. MOO. John Schafer, a native of Ger-
many, aeed £4 years.
SNELL— In Los Gatos, April 2S. 1&C>O, Hannah,
beloved wife of D. J. Snell. and mother cf
John, Fanny. Lidsey. Edwin and George
Snell, a native cf London. England, aeed tt
years.
WKSTGATE— In this dty. April 2S, ISO 9. at his
residence. lIS Rues street. George E. West-
pate, brother of Ned Westgate cf Rio Vista.
Erße— sins at the parlors of N. Gray _
Co.. 611 Sacramento street. »
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E W BDSworth. Mon Mis 3 Livir.pyton Wls
Mrs Eoswcrth. Mon M:.«s H T Livingston.
F P Cock. NT Pt Paul
E B Osborne, St Lou's G M Uvlnrston Wls
A S WSchara. Japan ? A Rculller. N Mcx
Charles Kolb. Ind C H Jones, Taconia
S Langsdorf. N T Mr Xittrid^e & wf X T
F. Dodwell, Tacoma Miss Marshall So Car
W Wbealley. China B Burensteln. St Louis
D E Rrower & wf. Carl Pressing & w'
Hcnirkc-ng i Hamburg
H D D-^rtay. Oregon L B Stoddard X T
O Izamach, Cal R L ShainwaJd. N T
Rcbt Kerr. Montreal W G Neimeyer Cheo
L T Wright. Kesw-ck- M T Hitchcock. Wash
F C Bakf-r. Oregon L. Dar?ln N V
E O Tuule. Boston L J Weljshtman Ene
F H Holycke & wf, r B McH-onaJd X C
Wisconsin IB Van Ett?n & wf. XT
M Brcner. Sacto Mi?s E Mason N T
H W PCager. Chicago Mi.«s A ilason N T
U H Clag^ett. Mo IW R W^odard. Los An
B Oaris & wf. Utah |W B Biddle. Chgo
L E H Jones & wf. Bos Rcbt Biddle Chgo
W Pardor.ner & wf, jo w Michel?on Chgo
Chicaro ! Henry Link Chgo
F Lincoln. NT JAI Evans, Chgo
F M Moores. Los An R A Morton. Chgo
MrsE A Tounsr St Paul S E Auburj". Los An
Miss Young. St Paul ;H B Wood &wf Cal
Mrs. C Livingston. Wis
GRAND HOTEL,
C A Foster. Mass P H Smith. U S N
W J Durham *wf. L AC Becker & wf, S Jone
W A B-^ggs. I»s An? O Rob;nscn & wf Cal
F J Clark & fam, Mlnn:D Hollister. Courtland
P Glfford. Sacto ,Mrs D Hollieter Cal
W Coughran & wf. Cal Miss B HoMlster CaJ
W T Day. Reedley |C M L Howard "Ls An
Peter Cook. Rio Vista C W D- Miller. S Bbra
Dr G W Pufflcy. SactoA W Cupid & vri Cal
Dr T E Bailly. Cal XW Card, Salinas
T J Wright & wf. Oak L J Daly & wf, Butt»
W Johnson. Oakland ;L A Lambkin. Boston
T R Wiley & wf. Ekly S E McCullorn. Salinas
Mrs M Gruninger. Oak'A C Anderson. Manila
J Mr Kee. U S N Mrs A J Bechtel Cal
G H Wilheim. Brkly Miss Bechtel. Cal
R C Hyde. Brkly Miss M Becht-I. CaJ
M!ss Hall. Oakland iC W Maynard *wf Cal
W W James. US N ,W J Hughes. Oakdale
M M Harris. Lcs An v Cross. Los Ang
T J Carad!, S Mateo C A Harp. Stockton
L G Molsch. Lvrpool ;W J Watkins. London
E L Jones, City :H Slater. Santa Rosa
W S Porter M D. Oaij.W Prosperich. C Nome
E N Qulniette. Cal !a McFarland .Nara
E B Collins. Chlco iJ C Pottle. SaAper
J Frede. Red Bluff |M S Davis A wf S Rsa
E Turney & wf. Or T W Martin. Ottawa
H C Short. Topeka, KsCF Atwood, Stockton
0 B Smith. Stockton S T Smith. S Diego
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J E Hall. Fresno W p McCann. Marysv
J H Smith. San Jose F Swanson, S Crui
C Wilson, Valiejo J Sullivan. Mod*3to
J Lundin. Vallejo A P Lane, P L O
H McCarthy. iTkiah jH Vivian. Fresnio
O A Horn. Chi--aso E R Tenney. X v.*l*r
Weather Report.
(12Sth MeridUn— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. April 2>— S p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 14 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ©.CO' 47.58 32.59
Red Bluff COO J1.71 19.5}
Sacramento Trace 17.12 13.M
San Francisco O.CO 13.10 15.54
Fresno o.l* 8.C9 7.C8
Independence 0.32 3.20 l.is
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 15. £2 16.31
Los Angeles 0.00 dx-i 4.97
San Diego 0.00 4.34 4.57
Yarr.a G. 04 1.23 1.34
San Francfseo data: Maximum temperatnre,
£0; minimum, 50: mean. m.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
Northern California. Nevada. Utah and Idaho.
Elsewhere on the Pacific Slope fair weather
prevails. Rain has fallen in the San Joa-juln
Valley. Northern Nevada, Northern Utah and
Southeastern Idaho.
An area of low pressnre is central off the
Northern California coast, while the highest
pressure is reported from North Dakota. The
pressure is rising over the southern portion of
the Pacific Slope and falling: over the northern.
Th» temperature has risen over Washington,
Oregron and Arizona and fallen decidedly over
the interior valleys of California.
A maximum wind of -18 mile* per hoar from
the southwest Is • reported from Sacramento.
Conditions are favorable for rain over the
northern portion of California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
boars ecdins midnight April 30:
Northern California— Cloudy Monday, with
showers: fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
Hrht northwest wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers Monday;
cooler.
Utah— Cloudy, with shewers Monday.
Artxona— Fair Monday.
¦ San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, with
showers Monday; fresh southwest wind.
. G. H. WILLSON.
<-':.- Local Forecast Official.
LOTTEBY DBAWiyG.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
LOTTERY
BENEFIScOIBLICA.
The mth ordinary monthly dra wsnr. claw j
D. drawn In tht City of Mexico on April ti. ,
1»3.
SPECIAL NOTICE— The rutlls Is cautioned :
to beware of concerns cialmics to operate lot- !
teries in the City of Mexico, as all such ccn- ;
cerns axe fraudulent. The Lottery of the Bene- j
Ccencla Publlca is the only one autborixsd and ;
Indorsed by the Mexican National Goversmer.t. 1
Beware of spurious imitations ar.d se« ihat all .
tickets are *l£ned by A. Castillo. Inte— fencr. !
and U. Ba*»e:ti. .Manager, as co oth«rs are
re_ulne. 717 1
No. Prixe, !Xo. Prize. jNa Prl2f_
El. « M »! 121 »i
J79 40l 875 «i Iffi _»
?22 10 I** «}»» »
1572 20;i:33 t3! 1*1! »
12_ 4J' 12i3 4>; IWI »
IJI4 40, 130 43 1J74 4>
1417.. ...... 2> US7 4i| U*« ;'
1671 ,21- I$7S 2D. IM7 >
21*6 X £27 « 20 5417 ?> ,
ZiZS tX'-y, ZM », 5219 I>>
5424 SA*OI 25! S*3 »
20' :724 45! JT4J »
4:^J 43 41*4 20: 4415 ti
4422 r> 4i?l 23 4*29 I>> ;
4i«o » 40:S 1901 «M I*>.
£157 m _33 20 » .
Ul9 491 SJ-5S 431 KM 2);
Di 42 toe I_3 ti 5714 4i I
(SOl 23 iv>2 1» K24 ?> j
€12S IK flTl tB4 «234 I' 1*!
6273 Z-J. t~ 5 2?; €334 23 j
CSIJ 40 fi>a 20: «7" *> I
«7?2 «, €io7 «•>• €>71 23:
7:14 100 7017 I'JO 7UJ +> >
"ii 2>; 7»« t), 75?7 *3j
75fj ... *>' SCCI Ti ?1U 4> I
tVsC B ; HO: 2:1 MH 1» j
*771 40 SS39 *V 8?» tJ j
W77 2» Hio 20: iltt 20;
1253 2> &ii 4> *7-7 « ;
KOtl If/lOK? 2f> I'-JIO 45
19703 45 IJ72S ti, 13744 «
107« 20 :>4> 20 11^3 Tt'
uon »uin mi2o 20:
114 M 4? 114?7 4*|lUM 2> :
11*57.- »¦ 117-30 ?> 117i9 » »
11»19 1O". 11S40 2C USII 4> s
i:s^ :o iisi? 2012125 23;
l_7o ?0 1230S :; ; 12t"4 45 I
_i;.j 23 ;2C:« » 12T34 43
12751 1»1~U 41
_S4? 20 12557 20 1?>9l «l
12>S7 < 1*:?« «!> l?v« *>» i
i3i« tiizri r visa ro
iri3 T. izr.j 2» 12>«0 1» ¦
13>» 49 li's 7 23 14074 20;
H-.7S r 142H 100t14233 t> ;
14247 T. IU?2 20 14^04 49
14^33 liV;i4?v-« 2-> 14"? I*> '
14557 tCfjOU WCi V- 14706 13 I
14T43 IX> 14SJ4 20 14WS 2"» i
13KI 20 1^37 H'/VZ^i 23 I
U44S i»v«- ;54«? 40 iszi\ :>;
i5:-i* zilittoi 4) i&ra 45 1
1.152 WildS » ICI4 4) i
itcss :3.1c" saw-. r>\
:e:«3 2? I*^4 2O'isH*2 4) 1
l«v-5 20 17>33 IW 17244 23 I
17ST.J 43 17«? »jni» Dj
177^ 20 17747 4M7-S7 2) |
IS^S 100 152:-3 •r>,1«334 2) ;
iszez 2-x> i**^ a\Htta 4j !
OUT *: 13234 2? : K249 1» ;
IJ2>S 4315334 I**-1»44S I>> i
15".%4 40;i?T?l 2:i?74» 4? !
1J539 4J 2V-2! 4) 2^43 Zi
£,143 +: :">U3 4-1 20473 1«
rc-J3 VjC Z"4i 4? 2T'<" 45 !
K»7SI 40!28>n X9J2OMO 4J j
zyas i:->rr.:s r r?*« 20
:ii42 i:o:u:j v< 2.:n :co •
;i4^ 20H437 2^ 21*;.'? »|
J1751. 4J Zl?~ W22VO 4> '
ZZ2ZI 40;2;r7 T^;** Ig T - 41!
•?«S?5 40 Z2ZS7 2^ ZZJZA 1» 1
-^73 ' 2* r"47 :J22«-.7 I)
J2BSS 2>J^7«7 SI. 1 ':! 23
tr?S.S 20 2J129 2« 23121 X)
22X715 a 2223? 2J 23415 Ti
234C2 27^437 4»_3R ~
2J5-V7 20 5733 40 23751 20
**sis 2'! | ' < '4i'»H....4 i '»H.... . 2t 24343. .*••••• 55
*4<">fe[""l" 2->2<l*4i"!"" »*C47i"".11 45
24421 4)24433 2Y<:is*> 4*
:»473 4-?247:i r 24752 25
24>^ 40 24W riC""4 4>
25^24 202."42? 4'J HKI X» j
2i7'4 Mi570..l 40'2S_n 45 I
<»rvs» so CiJ?7s ;c :$;« ?> :
2*^7........ 2*5 2f 355 4->'2?vJ +5!
257R1 :-3 2577? 2> X"* I>. ,
27003 20 271?* JfiO "TO »i
•7251 45 273*5 2-1 273 7S 45 |
27ti4 40 27V9 2* t~ 72 4> I
*73V> 4^27549 4^27"} X> ¦
27X4 *>.2794n 6.n;24573 4)
gam 2^ 2SU' 2-7*2—. 4>
4r>253424 r >2S342 Y< 2* r is »i
2«5:.7 t- 4.):*:_ r»
rs7M ivzw. ss 2M43 r*> i
??JT> 20 2*".' 45~*62 tJ I
2*423 2f12:4i« 2vr:.14 44
2X13 401SMW JJ»?SI 4V5 1
2??«« 2" J'^24 45 »"^r? 25!
SA-Sl tWSOUO 4"> "*l4 V»\
Zr-2^o »!1064a 21 3.t?i47 1-V)
Zds<i 2^ri7S4 4-3 3^77 4»
3»;i 40 30K'3 2131223 *J
j:?47 4-V31454 2V51541 44
Jl«7« 4^» TAEZ Ti 31HS «
37211 ?•! J2213 IV T7Z-Z 45
s;^? ;:s—<» i<* "¦» »j
ZZt.'^ 2n ?2*21 2<* 22**5 tl
S*ftv3 IV' "243 r-.r.+Vs t>
334?: VX'33s3> :-335»4 Z> '
35.-y? ?)Z&i% 20 j.-^:s 190
_*4S. 41I+KS 4^34?>3 *5
34^? r>344€7 10-J24^l 2*> j
34.V« IOr«5H 4-13U'2 1» I
Urui 4134777 4-" 3KT.7 20
3TCS 2054? C ZX 3ZT2I M
35T.77 2* JSIS7 V> 35173 2-3
3;"C7 r»r>3l9 4A?.*470 41
szrzr, y< s-vsi r> mrx *>
Jfc,4S t-3"»7 1->J*>?2 IV>
Sf&H 40J«334 20 »*«" »
ji«S2 23 3t<34 43 3*537 2^>
:^i7 r>3?:i4 2>js:>9 r>
S7-M1 2^37547 43*7^7 29
STT74 1«37T« 43 JTfcJ 2«5 :
57310 I»r3tl 29 37JC5 20 j
J74"5 ?> C74SS " STK4S 49
xxa »!»tjm 4r:--2 r>
S?17? lv 5*277 15
S«112 4? 35454 !Cy<SS455 «
SJCt2 2035.«:'0 » 3*722 4-5-
;S7<3 4: : 3J175 Z\ ,
j^i~o 20 3*4>« lff> r<SZi 45 j
jSSiS.^. 20"*:^ 20-'5l IOOJ
£>?_ 2043114 »>'4?lW 25 1
W.is 20 49-"3 » 40325 ?> I
4C471 tX>YVC-'« 4-1>"15 23
40552 4)4X17 I>l 4^.3* «
40«r.4 r«i 4:723 6.V. 4J77* 45
4.-';<2 2?'40?79_ « 4i::2 45
41330 5? 41344 4? 41»« 2>
4UJI 0;41?l( 40 41"; 43
4*o^2 1X42123 iy> 422T7 X9 l
413? V» I»V4;*4J 20 42 C €8 r> j
41^7 23 425W 20 4004* *9
43141 29 432 / 3 4C42T5 «
4303 r)4WI« 4>43155 1» i
43712 2044173 4">-44442 *> ,
4t-.« 2*44fi«7 4 1 "' 4t.'^2 43
4»3 4) 4K-11 rum r> !
45P72 *3 4M33 4> 4*.l*« 4> \
43193 S3'4:eO 4)4:273 25
453^7 4T4-"C3 IW CC« »|
4i- r .23 W&At ir;4^73 4»!
4-,7rs 23 4*?io r *zm •>
«-.-«? 43 4&40 ?:• 4'X4? 13,
4crj? « <«:?« 23 »<*:« t)
4«r^« ?0 4G32 4i4«v> I>l !
4f«75 <fl 4~47 lor- 47*1 23;
4710 10 47394 20 47SN) »
47*07 SV 47f*S 2-^ 47«3 20 !
47M? 45U7?» 4^ 4*-^l «>
4««:4 I? 453"3 r«444 t>
4%ZCI 45 4«17 *C'4»7 ~4 25 I
4*?33 20 45221 130 4*2 M fi
40^75 23 4"53 Tt 4^417 «
4>«77 100..V>~)1 r ?"-3 I>s
K-c"<? t3?->^« 4"> ."ir-s y>
M<_ \n •-?-"¦ « :¦"? *i 43
&V7l »<secsj *»;sa«i „!
SWM l»v»ys^ 4V.-1~« 130
51157 29 512:3 »^I4S7 23
M"3 43 5i. r 2« t351«7l 25
iw 407.^23 :--.rT? 41
j*it« mo s*l*l i» iro t>
__;<» VIZiX 2^ ?Zii* 25
52317 20 "2"4 r C2*--^ 23
JJ72J 2<>sr- 4?:,'^7 23
5335« KVK3C4 2" *^M 43
53T-" 2fI»SSJJ 25 ?-»~l 43
5J753 20:J714 ?"¦ 53553 1»
54012 *>54213 7?i M 217 2>
54455 25 54«14 f» =4«;7 »
?4s«i 4!>:r4r-« n'^vs 75
SSOM tXirjyi tX554-| 2J
55375 4>55774 l"i> "741 *)
_S7« 130S<_5 43:?"? 21
M-9 !»V&2 MTW» 25
S*4SJ 13'5C.7* 235--71 155
57T-01 4»'S7«l 40:7132 43
5733? 49.*7_5.... 1f10'573 *5 YA
ITJT. »— S€5 E--y»57«11 25
57HS »!57«0 V> 57744 25
57550 IOKXTSn f* 573 M 25
SS2IJ r»'5«224 4*!S£B» 25
itS^A 4«»'M»W 23^378 43
JSJJ7 r3 593« l 23;?4J4 43
I>W5 4f5?«7a 43.-.'-«*1 4.3
r.57i« ri s»?*s 2?r«« 4.3
e.ii«i 100 *tio r 1 win n
6^277 4r—;-a 4A6.""* r»
CM43 TO "VS 20 VMS 41
131744 I!»'ef7« 23 *~4* 100
S"C« 4« "" S «'«>— JO
60955.. 20 «'«2? 4-VSIIJS »
CII3S 2-1 «147 45 nitl 20
«_u n'v.ir* 20 *74M n
«15?7 23C1574 23 't?H% J)
er>?4.. 4V*r-M ;. tn
«2MJ r> «27- 2a«277? 43
f25.1l *)«2«t7 49 «— » 41
d' 4 «^criD7 M-:*3 *>
C3i2i 4-vcr.s lnrzr.: a
txa\ sn'S~«s £> crr-s r>
C4 r « 20CT25 4!><oB_i ri
f3^«2 2^— "4 20*3*24 23
i K4O«1 » «4«3 20 ««ys *J
i «42£4 20*«2»l 23*4—* I"W>
«4Z«7 r> «H2 2? «75_ I^s
i4«23 T^?4"4 I^3!*4'»»j +1
«.-«« lOfl-ff** 2!»-112 I*l
C1«0 40 55427 23 P4-.1 J>
?5723 4»'43J21 2*l ~*~ 4.^
t»rt33 40"l" «*<««4 2-1
«.O4 4»'6?43l 4Vf-«5 43
ten* iw «3.m. ..:..:. v 1 ~rr>. ....... f\
rrcsj 2«rrft4 »'ri« 4»
«7i«? wrrj«B 2*:~42S 43
$7E2s iw«77n. 29r—t m
er«4j.. ....... 2<ve«ir7 rt. 4>'«_» •»
C 5349 ZOifSISS 4>.iSsi2 29
LOTTERY DSAWETO.
No. Prixe 'No. Prixe.lXo. Pri"
{%<#> •¦¦» if-zn i.. 40 45*11 » 4il
e«-« ?"> e«7<4 t.v**>3 40
c-zi. '.'.'.'.'." i»s?o&3 »:ssi3S 41
tl-ZS t>«M73 *»<___
S*iZ3 1C««3C1 25*K«< f -»
t?tt9 4J7V32 SC« 775" .'
TCC22 4>7S« _____ **
7t"02 2O7C*» 2^ r0<U.. ...... W
71V3 IX, Tim ?) 71115 «
7i:i4 100 71250 4:.-7!"4 4J
714« W 7HCS « 714 M 23
7UJ* IK 71>.M 2 717— ?>
7173J 43 7:7 a 2> 717>» .... W
71514 »i 7" "4 2 2^> 7???3 ... 23
72151 4^7.:»J 4172213 £>
TTT-l 2..7.ri *J725w5 2}
tt:j« ?iTr: sihss i »
727_ 40 72503 1» 7^i7 2»
TTJJ 4C72K4 1v7.1<-2 t>
750*4 20 73111 4: 7JTS7 »>
7_s2 43 ran *:>,7*?" »
74123 S3 71153 T.' UZU> I**
74ii-7 4V74K7 4? :»•<;-. I % >
7li« 20 74H7 4>7»:;4 t>
74759 25.74T<: » 7*M4 V)
74?~ Vt~*':V) 100 TV 12 .— M
TT-JiS t?.7C2lf 2' T'Zf VA
~r— \w,zxi snTssn *>
tazx H7^.s3 if ~.*zn y>
r.ix W7S<~ 40 7^734 n
rsi7 n 7ii*4 wot;?*) r>
7572 ?» 7«K* *1 7"SJ I»
7»:o iyi7«4S3 ix 7-3* f?»
7«T?4 «'7SK«... 20 74«3 *>
7«*2 190!7"« MT'TI 1 •>
7-*3 •5.7700 JM77T3I »
771JS 150 77142 40 77T2 S">
77t>« 20 77221 40 77:«» *»
77^47 20 77372 1» 773?1 — *>
774-14 40 TTiii 4>> 77*^3 #>
77532 ?>— 83 4'«77VS f»
7»135 2? 75.3*5 IP»|~~j »
7-74 WJiTssi u:<i-.z m
7»<y\3 2^7^*2 20 7?1T2 t3
7?rv) r r>2*2 r>7*2«4 »
rk3s ?> r-ri »!— — j 4.1
7M4J ?) 7S4fi.> 45 7M52 r«
7M?I . 20 7->~5 W.7M44 S>
75743 2>7?«--J r 755J7 »
735» 2? 73J74 4i
APPROXIMATION PP.rZES.
150 numbers from H. 547 to 14.5*7. inclasrr*.
beinr 50 nnmbem en each sld» cf the number
drawlnr the capital rr!*e of $>>. Cd>-»Vv?.
100 numbers from 2358 to SiSX lßUlual*_ be!n»
M numbers en each s:d- cf the number drawlr.s
the capital pris* of O.iXW- JW-
I>3 numbers frcm 1i.2i3 to IS.4SS. tnchzsl-.-a.
beir^ Ut number! 1 on each side cf the number
drawing the capital prixe of »;?.'»O— C3.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
739 numbers er.di=s with 97. bel=r the last
two firures cf the number dra .w-.nr — • capital
prix* of »«t>.«o— C?. _."'__
7/-J nuir.bers endir.r with KB. b*l=r ts« last
two Crares of the number drawer — • capital
prixe ot 129. COO— JT).
Ka. 14.537 draws first capita! pr!z» of *»."*«.
scli In Doca:isv!:>. L_. Dai:as. Tex. No.
24,"3 craws second capital rrt= e •< CP.-JW. solt
in New York City. New Oriear.s. L_. Lruis-
vUta Ky. St. Louis. M* No. 13,445 draws
the third cap:_l prtx* of tIJ.OOO. sold In San
Luis Pct.-vsi. S. U P.. Monterrey. N. L, Ncs.
24.447, 44.747. W.WS. ~.CC* and 75.253 draw eaca
tl>:<&. sold In San F— incSsco. Cal.. Greenville.
Miss . Houston. Tex.. San Fra .r.cisco. Cal..
Peorta. Hi-. Gonalves. Haytl. New Tork. N. V..
Chicago. 111.. St. Louis. Mo.. Galv-st-=. Tex.
AN7n>TIO PEREZ.
For the Trea«TJry Depart— ent.
U BASSETTI. Manager.
APOUKAR CASTILLO. Ir.tfrv —or.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
! United States Coast a=d Ge-ndetla Surrey—
Times and Hetiits of H'.gh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to cv
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority of tne Su&eniitendeEt-
NOTE— The hljh and low waters ocea x at
'• the city front .Mission-street wSarf) about
I twenty -five minutes later than at Fort Point;
j the height of tl-e '.3 the sair-.e at both ciaces.
I MONDAY. APRIL V).
«Un rises 5-5
Sun sets * : -»»
M:-oa sets i--' P ~
- Time ;Timei " (Time; iTime,
S I j Ft. Ft. ; Ft. ! . Ft.
? '_ W} ;H w; L W ; H W,
X .'..¦ «::e'— «.i" 1:14] 4.5, i:4~'; Z.t
[H Wi LWj (H( H Wi ,L W,
1 ... 0:» «.O- 7:00-«.7 2:19 ! 4.7, i:3; J.I
1 ... 0:M 5.7; 7:stV_o.j l.'i 4« 7:27 i J.J
; ... 1:32* *.4i J:42'-».2 4:tt! *._ 1:55 ! J-4
I 4 ...! _:_Si 5.11 »:» O.j! 4:M 4.( »:57l ».«
' 5 t J-3l! *¦*' !»:»' "?•«: S:W: 4.v U:ZI. J.I
i t ..!! 4:44' 4.:; iiusl lo; i^s; t.t I
i ' — — — — — — — — —
NOTE— In the above exsoiitien of the tides
Qm early morning tides are eiven In the left
I hand eclumn and the successiv» tides of th»
, day la the order of ocra n -nee as to time. Ta»
second time column rives the second tide of
' the day the third time column the third tide
' and the" last or right hand reluna lives th<»
1 last tide o? the day. except when th^re are but
¦ three tides, as seta tetimes occurs. The heiahts
: riven ax» in addition to the scundicsr* on th^
i United States Coast Survey charts, except
I when a ctlnas sim (— ) precedes the heicht.
and then the nonber riven ls subtracted fro— i
i the depth r!^«n tv the charts. The p!as# of
': reference ls the rs ran of the !cwer law wat~ y.
Steamef Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Eteaxner. | From. j Db«-
I Ptate ot Cal 'Pcrtland !Apr. t9
Octavia IHss^urs 'Apr. _>
! Tl taria Nanalmo Apr. &
, Fan B!a» !Par.a~a A?r . t>
; We'.lisrton Oyster Harbor Apr. »
: A'.cha ;crescest City I Apr. U
! N^rtn Forte Hu_a.,.at ,May i
! Cro« Bay Newport 1
Arcata Cocs Bay .May 1
Empire Cocs Bay 'May 1
in a Walia. victuna _ Pug^t Sound U_y t
Acapulc© ;par_— _ May 1
T v .yra Chira and Japan May 1
Mackinaw Seattle May J
— ."illarcette .... Seattle ;May 3
Pomona Ilumboldt iMay S
C"— sna San Diego May S
! Ci-scent City... Crescent City — ;May 3
, Pr^rreso Tacoma May 3
I Point Arena -Point Arena iMay 4
j Coptic 'Chirjt and Japan !May 4
I Alameda 'Sydney iMay 4
1 Columbia :Port!ar.d May i
1 Bcnlta IXewport —-..(May 5
: gamca 'Hamboldt May 3
Tillamook :Til!amook Bay IMay «
I Utr.atUla iVlctttia. & Puget Sound May 7
• Par.ta Rosa San Die— > iMay 7
; Del Ncrte 'Q— grn Prts -»U>- 7
¦ — — — — — — i^^—^-^—^—^^— -^^^^^—^^^^
TO SAIL.
Steamer, j Destination. I ?i!>. ! Pier.
Portland ... r Cap* N?me....*Apr. SO. 2pm Pier J4
Pt Arena. .'Point Ar~ ».. Apr. JO. t prr. Pier I
1 Ne'wbnr- ...Grays Harbor' Apr. JO, 5 pal
i -«r.-» H^sa t*%» ~«CO Var l. 11 a- PP 4 — It
< Manauense Kahuln! May 1. 12 m;P:er23
O-j»»n (Vie 4 Prt Sd. May 1.1 lam: Pier ?
c arno » IHamboldt iMay 1. 15 am Pier U
' Australia ..Han 1-j:u May 2. XFra P:er 7
i *.rcata 'Coos Bay May *. 12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay... i Newport May S. Jia:P!?rU
1 Cty cf RJoJ Chin** Japan May ». Ipm PMSS
! Sta'e of Cal Portland May S. 11 am Pier 24
; North Fori;Hamtol<lt 'May 4. »am Pier X
Thyra tchina* Japan May r. I
1 Corooa 'san Piers |M_y 5. 11 aaPlern
5 Portland Cap* Nome.... Hay 5. |
WaT.a WaUiVle _ Pgt SJ. May «. 11 am Pier >
Cu— cad ...Mexico IMay 7. HamPi»rll
Colasibla. .. (Portland !May ». Uam Pier 2*
. Tlllamook .jTillamock 'May «. ......;......
i Acayjico ..Pana-t* M^t «¦ 12 m PM.-S
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. April 29.
! f ;rsr Scotia. Jawbs. 24 hours from Rockpcrt.
i Strnr City of Pueb!3. The— :as. CJ hours frcra
'star Curacao. Yon Helms, 11-, days fro-i
! Guaymas. rta Ensenada 2'j days, via San Pt
¦ <lr.-> M hours.
| St~ *r Valencia, Lane, 72 h<~r» tram Oyster
' F'.isr Koto, Fcsen. 13 hours from Fort B— utr.
¦ Stmr Whitesbcro. Ol3en. 17 hours from Green-
Stir r Cleone. Madsen. 15 h— a— > f— m Ceypar.
! Stmr National City. Dettm »rs . 14 hoors frora
; Fcrt Bra<ff.
: Stmr Gipsy, Leland. S h<nir» frcm Mow
i Landing.
I Pt— ir Matteawaa, Crcscup, U hears fro— T«-
' ccma.
I Stmr South Coast, Oylsen 14 hcurs troza Al-
i bicn.
! Sloop Impossible, Lew, • hours fro — i Point
j R*yes.
Schr J. Eppinrer. Ny— lan. SO hours from
! FUks Mi:;.
SAIL" O.
Sunday. April 23.
i Br stmr Robert Adamscn. Mrr— an, N*_u— o.
Ftmr Pc— icna. Parses*. Eureka.
Etmr Tillaaioek. Huche«. Tahia
Stmr Gr^rre Locmis. Brldyett, Venttt r»,
Stmr Bcnlta. Gray. San Pedro.
j Bark Chas. 3. Kesaey. A=der» on. Br!stcl
Bark Gatherer. Toass— — n. Tacoma.
I Bchr Her— tan. Lir.lhal. Kadiak.
I Schr C. T. Hill. ThanneM. Kadlalt.
• Schr James A. GarSeld. Lewi-. Cocs Bay.
TELEGR.\PHIC.
r POINT LOBOS, April 23—19 p. ra.— Weath«v
i fecry; wind, south: v-iccitv. 12 miles.
DISASTER.
SEATTLE April 2>-Stmr WUlair ette U ca
! fire alonrside bunkers h:re and scutt>_
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
! COOS BAT— Arrived April 29— 5tmr ArcaU,
| hence April 25. Sailed— Stmr Empire, fcr San
Francisco. ¦ _
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 2>— Ger stmr Oe-
tavla. f-Hi Hamburr- _^ _
NEAH BAY— Passed April 2S— Ship Chas. E.
Moody from Honoltilti.
SEATTLE— bailed April 2S— Stm r Humholdt
and RutX for Skaruay.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BRISB.OTE— Arrived April 25— Br stair "War-
rlmoo. from Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Saiied Arrfl Zs— Er «tsar SlkJi.
for Tacoma
OCEAN STEAMSRS-
QtTEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 23— Stmr Etro-
ria. from Liverpool, tor N;w Tcrk.
9ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CIIAU FOR
GOOD QJtXvJ JLA VACAT ION.
The season is clo?e at hanr! and you Ti**>d a
rojd rtout *hoe for your outinp. \Ve have a
t- ¦ . rtout shoe at a medium price.
PT.A DIES' DARK TAN HIGH CUT LACE
HOE. Coin Toe. Leather CO "7 ' CZ
eel O^»*D
CESTB" TAN LACE SHOE. LATEST TOE—
a good stout Fhoe for tramp- CO *7 CZ
ing O — •< O
WHITE GOODS
FOR LADIES' SUMMER WEAK.
OPENING OF THE NEW
TUNNEL IS CELEBRATED
Glen Park Attracts a Crowd on the
Initial Day of Season's
Festivities.
The completion of the Bosworth-street
tunnel and the opening of Glen Park un
der the auspices of its new manager, C.
F. Kapp. was the occasion of a double
celebration yesterday. The executive
committee of the Mission Federation of
Improvement Clubs rode to the park
through the tunnel in the Market Street
Railroad Company's tourists' car Her
mosa, which was placed at its disposal.
The trip through the tunnel was cele
brated by a discharge of firecrackers,
accompanied by lusty cheering. On the
arrival of the party in the park Manager
Kapp's hospitality was thoroughly en-
Joyed by members of the committee, who
partook of a bounteous lunch which he
had prepared for them. ,
President Lillie of the improvement
club acted as toastmaster. and the health
of the railroad magnates and all those
who were instrumental in giving railroad
facilities to Glen Park were drunk.
The owners and managers of the San
Francisco and San Mateo electric railroad,
which was the first to run cars into the
park, came in for a rousing cheer when
George W. Elder had concluded his re
marks regarding the liberality of this
road.
Those who responded to toasts for their
clubs were W. J. Nixon, West of Castro
Street Club: Thomas Crouch, Falrmount
Club; Dr. E. M. Torello. Mission and Five-
Mile House Club; W. P. Bell. Sunnyside
Club; W. Laveronia, South San Francis
co Club; D. I. Wyatt, Eureka and Park
Lane Club; Joseph P, Tuohey, clubs' sec
retary; Gua Schnee and Chris Stader, for
the good and welfare of the Mission dis
trict.
To the following committee of arrange
ments ; may be credited, the success of the
entertainment: Joseph P. Tuohey, W. J.
Nixon. • H. S. ¦ Wlnkler,- A. S. Lillie, G.
Schnee, Chris Stader. W.. P. Bell, Thomas
Crouch. R. W. Smith and John Barrett.
The attendance was about 1500.
Manager Kapp had an assorted pro
gramme of music and- literary exercises
arranged. for the afternoon, a balloon as
cension being one of the features. This,
however,, turned out, to -be a flat failure.
It was announced that Professor Romalne
would make his "awe-inspiring slide for
life. But the daring professor bumped
head foremost against the hard ground
by_reason of the balloon collapsing before
it had been cut loose from its, moorings.
Professor Romaine, the aeronaut, struck
his head against the hard earth and was
rendered unconscious, but after receiving
some stimulants he recovered sufficiently
to be removed by his brother, C. W. Bail
who was present. Yesterday's ascension
was Romaine's first in San Francisco, and
will probably be his last in Glen Park, as
this place is considered unlucky for aero
nauts.
GUN FIGHTER IS
KNOCKED OUT BY
BOLD HORSEMAN
Wyatt Earp Floored by a
Single Blow From Tom
Mulqueen. »
Engaged in a Saloon Bow Over the
Recent Turf Scandal and the
Gambler Gets the
Worst of It.
?
Wyatt Earp. gun-fighter and all around
bad man, was knocked down and out late
Saturday night by Tom Mulqueen, the
well-known racehorse man. The trouble
occurred In a Market street resort, near
Stockton, and was precipitated by Earp.
Both men had been drinking at the bar,
when Earp brought up the subject of the
recent pcjmdal at the Tanforan track. He
made several disparaging remarks about a
jockey who is on very friendly torms with
Mulqueen. When called down he became
belligerently indignant and threatened to
wipe the floor with the horse owner. In
stantly Mulqueen grabbed him. and after
throwing him as-ainst the bar landed a
blow on the gun-fighter's face, knocking
him out.
John Farley, the proprietor of the sa
loon, fearing serious trouble between the
two men. managed to induce Mulqueen to
leave the place. Earp. after recovering
from the effects of the blow, was also led
from the saloon and placed aboard a pass
ing street car. Earp was not armed at
the time, having left his trusted "gun"
with a friend shortly before the occur
rence.
Mulqueen was around as usual yester
day but refused to discuss trie affair. He
gained considerable notoriety several
years ago by calling down Bob Fitzsim
inons. the prize-fiphter. They were in a
Falocn drinking, when the ex-champion
referred to Jim Corbett as a looking-glass
fighter. Mulqueen promptly resented the
remark and threatened to break Fitzsim
mnns' head if he repeated it. FKzslm
mons. scenting trouble, left the place, not
caring to mix it with the plucky horse
man.
Earp first came into prominence in this
city when he officiated as referee in the
fight between .Fitzsimmons and Sharkey
several years ago and pave the decision to
the sailor on an alleged foul after he had
been knocked out. a decision that created
general dissatipfactlon.
ns the official organ of the Staatsverband.
Several letters were read from prominent
German Catholic citizens in the Kast who
were unable to attend the convention.
La.«t evening the delogatep attended ves
pers at St. Anthony's Church, after which
a mass-meeting was held In St. Anthony's
Hall, with F. B. Schoenstein as chair
man. The principal speech of the evening
was by Rev. Raphael Fuhr, O. F. M, He
was followed by Charles P. Conrad; who
spoke on "The German Catholic Benevo
lent Societies' Relations to Church and
State." Paul A. Meyer spoke on "Our
Catholic Young Men." and Henry F.
Burlde on "Our Mother Tongue." Rev.
Maximilian Neumann. O. F. M., of St.
Boniface Church, also addressed the
meeting. The hall was crowded.
The second day of the convention will
open to-day with services at St. Anthony's
Church at 8:30 a. m., after which the
second and final meeting of the delegates
will take place.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• Trapper's OH cores rheumatism and neuralgria.
Druggists, EOc flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
This Wednesday
Five hundred pairs of Czarina, the finest
ladies' shoes in the market, will be sold
for only $1 50 a pair at the Beehive Shoe
Company, 717 Market street, near Third. •
Boy Newspaper Thief.
Owen McNulty. a boy 9 years of age,
was arrested yesterday morning . by Po
liceman Parrell on* Harrison street, near
Second, for stealing newspapers from
doorsteps. He had four in his possession.
He was sent to the City Prison, where he
was charged with petty larceny.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 29.— W. M. Fisher of
Napa is at the Cambridge; G. Wilson of
San Francisco Is at the Holland.
St. Dominic's Picnic.
The congregation of St. Dominic's
Church will hold its annual picnic at Glen
wood, Santa Cruz Mountains, May 36. A
programme of games has been arranged.
The committees having the picnic in
charge are as follow: Music— T. A. K.
Ryan. A; W. Dollard, J. V. Coffey: print
ing—George Feel y, J. B. Mclntyre, J
Bain; press— W. R. O'Neill. R. J. Roche
E. J. Dollard; games^-F. Adams. W. Bar
ry. P. J.. McKeon, E. Autard. AV.-O'Cbn
nor, James Bain and D. Kenney.
California Parlor's Picnic.
California Parlor. Native Sons of the
Golden West, has completed all arrange
ments for its Mayday picnic at El Carapo,
and the various committees having_the
matter In charge are now enjoying a
waiting for the dawning of the day of fun.
The committees are as follows: Arrange,
ments— J. P. Dockery, J. J. Jameson. Bon
Davis, Will D. Shea and E. Gartheur Jr.
Floor— Louis Laeaze. John F. Linehan, W.
D. Hobro Jr., W. E. Rowland. Miss M.
Coppage. Miss Molly Long. George H. s.
Dryden and Miss Annie Worth. Games —
J. L. Herget. B. F. Hanlon. John Mitchell,
E. H. Folsom and Henry Lunstedt. .Valu
able, gate and game prizes have been se
cured. To win them the picnickers will
contest in tugs of war and chase the
greased pig, in addition to indulging In
eports less wearisome than . the first
named and more dignified than the last.
DO YOU WANT A CURE ?
Catarrh,
Deafness,
NOIPES IN EARS. THROAT
and LU.VG DISEASE? If b O
use ray NEW ANTISEPTIC
treatment. It cives no pain
or injury. In 3MX) test cases
o\ F er S5 per cent cured. Hun-
dred? of letters of endorse-
ments.
r: n> tr rr A *> honent trial of
I i\CL one week Riven to
rhow the cui>erlor merit of
this new treatment. Do not
fall to try It, free, and b«
convinced of a cure. Call
at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
•HOURS-*-!! a. m.. 1-3 aofl 7-8 p. a.
SHE SACRIFICED HER
LIFE FOR HER PETS
Mrs. Sadie Gray Dies From Burns
Sustained While Rescuing
Her Dogs.
Mrs. Sadie Gray died at St. Luke's Hos
pital, where she has been since the night
of April 26, yesterday. On that date her
house at 110 Sussex street caught fire from
the overturning of a coal-oil heater. Mrs.
Gray could have escaped easily, but she
thought of her dogs, and resolved to res
cue tnem. Seizing tho fiaming heater, she
rushed out into the yard, apparently un
mindful of the fact that her lower gar
ments were ablaze.
The house was a total loss, but the wo
man saved her pets, although she sacri
ficed her life in so doing. She was re
moved at once to the hospital, but the
physicians expressed the fear that there
was but little hope, for her recovery.
Yesterday she breathed her last. Mrs.
Gray was 30 years old and a native of
England.
A Larpe Acsortment of
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE OXFORDS LXV
H«w*l* 52.00
LADIES' WHITE CANVAS OXFORDS LXV
H<*!s $1.25
LADIES" WHITE KID OXFORDS, LXV
Heels 91.30
We also have Full Line* of XEW SUMMER
FOOTWEAR at POPULAR PRICES. * "
830-832-834 Market Street,
san rnAxcisco, cal.
BULLET IN HIS BRAIN,
BOTTLE IN HIS HAND
Henry George Fixsen went to a vacant
lot on Thirteenth and Alpine streets early
yesterday morning, and after taking a big
drink of whisky sent a bullet through his
brain. An hour or so. later the body was
found by Mrs. J. J. Flynn of 4 Devisadero
street, who reported' the case to the Cor
oner. The body was still warm when the
Coroner's deputies arrived. A half-filled
bottle of liquor, and a cheap revolver lay
at a short distance from the suicide, for
the body had rolled down the small hill
after the shot was fired.
Fixsen had placed the muzzle of the pis
tol in his mouth, and the bullet tore an
ugly hole through the top of his head.
Papers in his pockets showed that Fixsen
was a native of Germany and 27 years of
age. He was a member of the National
Union of United Brewery Workmen, af
filiating with that body In February last.
He had been employed in the malt house
of the Jackson Brewery on Mission street.
The cause of his suicide is not known.
Fixsen resided at the Lindell House. 202
Sixth street. He met with an accident
several years ago and had been subject
to fits of despondency ever since.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Ernest Sevier, an attorney of Eureka, is
at the Lick.
T. L. Carothers and wife of Uklah are
at the Lick. ; ';-
L. E. H. Jones and wife of Boston are
at the Palace.
George B. Noble, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the Lick.
Oscar Robinson, a rancher of Colusa,
is at the Grand.
F. H. Holyoke, a merchant of Bangor,
Me., is at the Palace.
Louis T. Wright, a mining man of
Shasta, is at the Palace.
Superior Judge Joseph W. Hughes of
Sacramento is at the Lick.
R. A. Bogess, a mining man of Sulphur
Creek, is at the Occidental.
Ben Davis, a merchant of Salt Lake,
and his bride are guests at the Palace.
D wight Holllster, a bonanza farmer and
big land-owner of Courtland, is a guest at
the Grand.
J. B. de Jarnatts, an extensive fruit
grower of Colusa, and wife are at the
Occidental. V ' :
J. H. Longmald. a wealthy mining man
of Helena, and his family are guests at
the Occidental.
"W. J. Hughes, a wealthy merchant of
Oakdale, and his bride of a day are regis
tered at the Grand.
Mrs. B. H. McCalla, wife of Captain Mc-
Calla of the navy, is a guest at the Occi
dental. She is accompanied by her
daughter and Mrs. William G. Miller.
Rear Admiral- Beardslee, who for three
years prior to his retirement was station^:
on the Pacific, arrived yesterday from
Washington with Mrs. Beardslee. They
are at the Occidental. .
TO SHOW OFF THEIR
NEW STRIPED TROUSERS
Annual Parade and Inspection of the
"Finest" to Take Place
Dewey Day.
The Board of Police Commissioners
and the Chief of Police, being anx
ious to feast their eyes upon the stalwart
forms of the members of the department
in all their glory of white striped trousers,
white service stripes and white chevrons
for sergeants and corporals, will hold
the annual inspection and parade to-mor
row, instead of waiting till fall. A novelty
will be the brass band, composed of mem
bers of the department, who have been
practicing for their debut for rr.*ny weeks.
President Xewhall has Invited the
Mayor. Hoard of Supervisors, Civil Serv
ice* Commissioners, City Auditor, City
Treasurer and City and County Attorney
to his residence, Sutter street and Van
Ness avenue, to view the parade.
To-day at noon the men from. the differ
ent divisions will assemble on . Van Ness
avenue, full dress, for inspection by their
respective captains. Great interest is be
ing manifested in the coming parade. ¦
Sacred Heart Parish Picnic.
Sacred Heart jiari=h will hold its annual
picnic at Schuetzcn Park May 2S. The
following committee has charge of the
outing: Messrs. Hoiran. Bray, Dwyer.
"Walsh. Fitzpatrick. Fitzperald, McPher-
Knn. Cooney. O'Connor. Word; McGlnty,
McCarthy. Ker-nan. M«>herin. Queen, ila
honey. Denan. IJrennan, Fitzslmmons and
Stafford.
RUNAWAY IN THE PARK
CAUSES EXCITEMENT
Crowds Spend the Sabbath Out in
the Open — Fun at Chutes
and Baths.
Though the park and beach was
thronged and an unusually large drive
was out yesterday, but one accident oc
curred during the day, and that was with
out serious consequences. A team owned
by Mrs. Lynch, 326 Golden Gate avenue,
bolted on the main drive and made a wild
run in and out between the many vehicles
in his path until caught by Ofticer de
la Guerra. No one was injured, although
the runaway occasioned considerable ex
citement.
A large crowd enjoyed the many feat
ures at the Chutes and an equally large
number of people visited Sutro Baths.
Following are the results of the aquatic
contests:
Fifty-yard dash, juvenile— H. McKenzle
first, C. Sundburg second.
Hundred-yard dash, amateur— E. Mc-
Kenzle first, L. Sundburg second.
Tub race— C. Augustln first, C. Sundburg
second, S. Carroll third.
High diving— W. Fass first prize.
Springboard diving — W. Carroll first
prize, H. McCormick second prize.
Under-water swimming — J. A. Jackson
first, C. Sundburg second.
Months of Suffering Ended.
Hugtiey Dolan died early yesterday
morning in the City and County Hospital
from the effects of a fall ion December 27.
I>olan lived at 2^3 Twenty-fourth street.
"While lookinp out of a window he lost his
balance and fell to the sidewalk, a dis
tance of twenty feet. For the past four
months he had suffered much from the in
juries. Deceased was 80 years of age and
a native of Ireland.
BQWEN
& GO
It's good goods — quick service — fair
prices— that attracts trade here
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Puree de foies gras 20c
reg'ly 25c can
French potted goose liver — truffle
seasoning — Teyssonneau
Whisky— Scotch and Irish
DC L Highland Club bottle 85C
reg'ly $1 and $4 50 gallon $3 50
Killy Croy — reg'ly $1 bottle 85C
Caledonian — reg'ly $135 bot $1 1 5
Almonds-sheiied 40c
reg'ly 50c Ib — fancy Jordan nuts
For blanching — for almond cake
Kona coffee— reg'ly 27k ib 25c
Use a good clean pot and boiling
water then you'll like it
Tea — Maudarin Nectar 50C
reg'ly 60c lb — Bee brand Ceylon
50c for the tea— nothing for the duty
Mustard— French 2 bottles 35C
reg'ly 25c — Louit
Ready for use— different flavors
Corn and succotash i2^c
reg'ly 1 5c can — ffeafoam
Fancy Maine corn young lima beans
Pine-apple— sliced 12JC
reg'ly 15c can — ripe when picked —
then canned immediately
Toilet paper— Belvedere $1 10
reg'ly $1 50 dozen — 1000 sheets
free from injurious chemicals
Shoe blacking— Acme i2ic
reg'ly 20c bottle
A liquid dressing for ladies'
children's and men's shoes
Rice-creole 5 ib carton 45c
reg'ly ioc Ib 10 Ib " QOC
Snowy white — cooks soft and dry
every grain separate ;
never sold in bulk — from Carolina
Rock and rye bottle $1
reg'ly $i 25— it will break up
your cold and relieve hoarseness
Cheese— Club House 30C
reg'ly 35c jar
In jars hermetically sealed— a treat
to lovers of good rich cheese
Raisins— in clusters reg'ly 15c lOC
Tooth powder— reg'ly 25c bot 2OC
Wright's antiseptic myrrh
Perfumery— violet
reg'ly 56c bottle
French extract— variety in odors
Duster— Turkey No. 3 . 50C
reg'ly 65c
Extra all tail black feathers •
14 inches long — polished maple handle
Stove mittens-reg'iy 20c 1 5c
Sheep skin fur— water-proof back
dauber included
Our big illustrated catalogue for a
postal — careful mail order service
4)2 Pine 332 Sutter 2300 California San Franclsc*
X 075 Clay between Eleventh auJ Twelfth Oaklaai
CATHOLICS ANNOUNCE
COURSE OF LECTURES
Truth Society Secures Services of
Hon. Henry Austin Adams, For
merly an Episcopalian.
The monthly lecture and religious ex
ercises of the Catholic Truth Society will
be held at fit. Mary's Cathedral next
Wednesday evening. The pamphlet for
May. "'Catholicism and Reason." by Hon.
Henry C. Dillon of Ixis Angeles, -will be
distributed.
The Truth Society announces a most
interesting course of lectures at Metro
politan Hall by Henry Austin .Adams, a
distinguished Catholic litterateur and or
ator, formerly a noted Episcopalian. His
<-ourse fa as follows: "Story of My Con
version." May 21; "Cardinal Newman."
May £5: "The Nov^l." May 2S: -The The
ater." May 2i<: "America's Debt to the
Catholic Church," May 31.
BOLD BURGLARY
COMMITTED IN
CHINESE STORE
Two Thousand Dollars in
Coin and Valuables Made
Away With.
Chung Lee's Treasure Box Opened
and Robbed Scarcely Before the
Shades of Night Had
Fallen.
A report was made to the police at the
California-street station last night of the
theft of nearly $2000 In coin and jewelry
from the office of Chung Lee, a shirt
manufacturer, at 810 Jackson street. The
crime was committed before S o'clock in
the evening.
When Lee went to his store last night
he was startled to find that the door of
the place had been broken open. He Im
mediately blew for the police and a num
ber of officers responded.
Investigation showed that the burglars
had ilrst attempted to effect an entrance
through a window, and marks of the
"Jimmie" were visible on the sill. They
finally pried the door open.
After searching everything In the place
they came to a treasure chest which was
concealed on an upper shelf. It was
locked and they broke it open.
The contents consisted of $500 In gold
coin, $tX»O in silver coin, $600 worth of jew
elry, among which was a pair of bracelets
valued at $300, and several little trinkets.
The proprietor of the place thinks that
he was robbed by his countrymen, but the
police believe that the crime was com
mitted by professional crooks.
POLICEMEN FIRE
THREE SHOTS AT
FLEEING CROOKS
Officers Clark, Colen and
Kissane Outfooted by
the Burglars.
Richard Nolan and Robert Hoffman
Axe Later Arrested and Charged
With the Crime at City
Prison.
Three valiant "cops" were gnashing
their teeth and bewailing their misfortune
yesterday because of their failure to cap
ture two bold burglars who were almost
within their grasp early In the morning.
As Just now such an event might lead to
promotion in the department the disap
pointment and chagrin of the policemen
may be readily understood. However, the
officers somewhat made amends last night
by landing two men behind the bars, the
same they aver who run the gauntlet of
bullets earlier in the day.
Early yesterday morning Policeman
Clark of the special "tenderloin" detail
was passing the Club saloon, on the cor
ner of Taylor and O'Farrell streets when
he heard a noise that made him pause
and listen. "Burglars," he whispered to
himself and then he hurried to get as
sistance. He met Policemen Colen and
Kissane £nd told them of his discovery.
They tightened their belts, drew their re
volvers and crept stealthily along toward
the saloon.
As the policemen arrived within a few
yards of their destination two young men
came out of the saloon, each carrying
some bottles of liquor and boxes of cigars.
When they saw the "cops" they dropped
their plunder and fled.
"Halt, or I'll tire," yelled Colen.
"Fire away and be hanged to you,"
yelled back one of the burglars.
The burglars were better sprinters than
the policemen and realizing that they
would make their escape unless brought
to earth the officers sent three bullets
whizzing past their ears. Before they
could fire again the burglars had got out
of the range of the bullets and were lost
in the darkness.
The trio of disappointed "cops" returned
to the saloon, puffing and blowing with
their unusual exertions and gathered up
the bottles of liquor and cigar boxes,
which they sent to the City Prison to be
marked as evidence against two bold bur
glars who were too fleet of foot to be cap
tured, but might at some future date fall
into the clutches of the law.
Colen and Clark hid themselves in a
doorway near the saloon for an hour or
two In the hope that the burglars would
return for their plunder, but they were
sadly disappointed.
Last night the three officers arrested
Richard Nolan, a tailor, and Robert Hoff
man, a bartender. In a lodging-house in
the tenderloin district and charged them
with rhe burglary at the City Prison. The
police say Nolan is an ex-convict.
t-.r-3HE first annual convention of the
German Catholic societies of this city
]| opened with solemn high mass at
J> a. m. at St. Boniface Church. Rev.
Maximilian Neumann, O. K. M., was the
celebrant, and Rev. Philibert Haase. O. F.
M.. the deacon. Rev. Father Neumann
preached the sermon, taking for his text
the passage, "I am the Good Shepherd."
St. Boniface choir of twenty-six volun
teers under Professor J. B. Mayle sang
appropriate music. The various societies
comprising the Staarsverband attended
services in a body.
After mass the delegates reassembled at
their hall, which was appropriately deco
rated for the occasion.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Resolutions— Rev. Maximilian Neumann. O.
Three Men Who Are Taking a Prominent Part in the Convention.
F. M. ; Rev. Raphael Fuhr, O. F. M.; Goerge
Hueoker, Herman Burhans and Charles P. Con
rail.
Finance— Robert Treat. Jacob Frank. J.
Unsinn. Arnoli Schilling anl John Nager.
New business— Joseph Hoefer. Theodore
Bucher. Joseph W. Tc h » id- Adolt Schimmel.
Frank Glunk and Paul A. Meyer.
I'rlntinir-I^. V. Raesfeid. F. A. Hurhans. H.
F. Uudde, Paul A. Meyer and Carl A. Schnp.
bel.
A resolution submitted by P. A. Meyer
in reference to the furtherance of young
men's sodalities was the cause of a
lengthy debate. It was referred to the
committee on new business.
It was proposed to establish employ
ment bureaus with headquarters in ban
Francisco, so as to enable one German
Catholic to patronise another. The matter
was referred to a special committee com
posed of Genrpe Bueckcr. Carl A. Schna
bel and Joseph W. Scheid.
The California Volksfreund was elected
FIRST ANNUAL SESSION
OF GERMAN CATHOLICS
We have just opened a Yeru large shipment
of NEW, PLAIN AND PRINTED ART
DENIMS, suitable fop draperies for seaside
and countru homes. These goods are all full
36 inches wide and are in the Yeru latest
designs and colorings,
We have also received a Yeru large varietu of
PLAIN AND PRINTED SILKOLINES, extra
duality, new patterns and latest shades, and
all full uard wide.
This week we will also show a complete
assortment of 50-INCH TAPESTRIES, 27-INCH
PRINTED VELOURS and CURTAIN MUSLINS
in G6, 40, 45 and 50 Inches in width.
NOTE...^
Our Mail Order Department is most complete.
Samples of above goods sent to anu address.
Our store will he closed Tuesflan, Mag Ist, all
dau«
COMES OVER AND
GOES INTO CAMP
BY LAMPLIGHT
Home Battalion of the Four
teenth Is Released From
Quarantine.
Arrives at Presidio Wharf After
Park and Is Escorted to Quar
ters by Nearly the En
tire Garrison.
Long after the sunset pun had boomed
frcin the Presidio parade ground last
r-venlr,? the homo battalion of the Four
tr>*>mh Infantry came over from Angel
Island, where it had been in quarantine,
and wont into camp at the- post. The fotir
small companies wore afforded full mili
tary honors, but there were few besides
the soldirrs off duty who saw them come,
and there were none to cheer them. Thpy
landed at the Government wharf, looked
after their own baggage and made them
eclvrs comfortable in thrir own way. and
before long they will be speeding- on east
ward to garrison Fort Wayne and Fort
No one could explain the delay with any
better excuse than that they had been in
quarantine, and no one could say why.
after having born doctored until after t>
oVlock. they wore not allowed to go back
on board the ship to spend the nicht. They
all agreed that they h:id stood worse than
that in the islands, and they sat down.
utter stowing thoir blankets and building
¦their tent fires, to wait two hours for their
*? upper.
The horn* battalion of the Fourteenth
ie the lim of the regulars to return from
the islands. It is commanded by Captain
Richard T. Toatman. and there are but
four or five ofnrers in the organization.
The force consists of but %.<0 men. and of
this number two-third? are men who have
less than six months \n serve.
These men are not all th» soldiers enti
tled to a discharge within six months, for
If they had promised they would re-enlist
at the expiration of their term they would
l>e kept in the Philippine?. That means
that those who remained behind to re
rnlist will be given about So I *.) travel pay
to this country on the expiration of their
term, and if they should be mustered out
in this country at the expiration of their
second enlistment they will be griven
nearly $3t«o more to take them back to the
islands, for the Government always sends
a man home, after his term has expired,
to the place where he enlisted.
The two troops of cavalry, the two con
valescent companies. Battery O of the
Third Artillery and Light Battery C. com
prlFinpr nearly the entire garrison of the
post, attended the landinsr and escorted
the newcomers in their place in camp. The
•tscort was under command of Major
Hucker of the Sixth Cavalry.
WILL COMBINE
AGAINST SUEZ
CANAL TRAFFIC
An Important Conference of
Railroad and Steamship
Men To-Day.
An Attempt Will Be Made to Divide
Oriental Business Without Main
taining' Ruinous Com
petitive Kates.
Representatives of all the big transcon
tinental railroads and trans-Pacific steam
ship lines will meet in this city to-day to
confer upon rates. The principal object
of the meeting is to form a combination
against the Suez canal competition,
which, because of the close rivalry of the
trans-I'acilic lines, has proved a very
costly proposition. This conference will
be the iirst of the kind that has ever been
held in this city. It will bring together
the brightest railroad and steamship men
in the country, and it is expected that the
results will be important to the Oriental
trade. Apparently the object of the meet
ing is not. as has been repeatedly stated,
to advance trans-Pacific rates, but rather
to readjust them so that the competing
lines will not cut each other's throat.
"1 cannot say now what the outcome
of the meeting will be," said Second Vice-
President Paul Morton of the Santa Fe
at the Palace Hotel last night. "My un
derstanding: is that we are to have a gen
eral tulk over trans-Pacific rates and try
to come to some understanding whereby
1 the business can be fairly divided with
out cutting each other's throat, and a
combination formed against the Suez
canal competition. The proposition is not
to form a permanent rate-making organi
zation or to raise rates in general. No
doubt wo will agree to raise some rates,
but it is just as probable that others will
be lowered. The main object is to form
some basis of competition with the Suez
canal people."
Many notable railroad and steamship
men have been gathering here for several
days to participate in the conference.
Those who came with Mr. Morton's party
yesterday were Passenger Traffic Mana
ger George F. Nicholson and Freight
Traffic Manager \V. B. Bid well of the
Santa Fe and their clerks. F. Dodwell of
Tacoma. general agent of the Northern
Pacific Steamship Company, and G.
Whealler, Hongkong manager of the
Dodwell line, arrived on an early train,
and with them E. D. Brown, general man
ager of the Empress line of steamships to
China and Japan, and Robert Kerr, pas
senger traffic manager of the Canadian
Pacific Railway. A. S. Mihara, manager
of the Hongkong branch of the Nippon
Yusen Kaisha, arrived late Saturday
night from the north, having come over
the Empress line in response to a cable
summons. He is the only representative
of his company here. D. Miller, second
vice president of the Great Northern, and
Francis B. Clark, general traffic manager
of the same line, are at the Palace. J. M.
Hannaford, vice president and traffic
manager of the Northern Pacific, is the
only representative of that company here.
E. W. Tilden Kobe manager, and J. S.
Van Buren, Hongkong manager of the
Pacific Mail Company, Occidental and Ori
ental and Toyo Kaisen Kaisha, arrived
here several days ago to attend the con
ference. Other important officials here
are J. M. Bosworth, freight traffic mana
ger of the Canadian Pacific Railway; J. j
M. Johnson, third vice president of the
Chicago. Rock Island and Pacific, and A.
T. "\\ ells, general freight agent of the
Denver and Rio Grande Railroad. There
are several other prominent railroad men
who have been in the city for several
days. W. G. Neimyer, general Western
freight and passenger agent of the South
ern Pacific Company at Chicago is also
here.
A. S. Mihara of the Nippon Yusen
Kaisha said last night he had no idea
what the conference would try to do.
"My company," he said, "operates near
ly seventy steamships all over the world.
The only line we do not compete in is be
tween Liverpool and New York, and we
may yet be in that trade. We have but
four steamers in the trans-Pacific at the
present time and maintain only a monthly
service, but that is only a beginning."
The conference will probably last for a
week or ten days, and in the interim more
of the Oriental agents may arrive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 30, 1900.
111. H3, 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
tfX-Ki
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. TUB
*^ rreat Mexican remedy; givrs health and
ftrensth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Eye=Glasses
You'll Take
Both comfort and pride la. They'll fit yea:
they'll become you. Our clip won't allp. 80a
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main IX
642 Market St., ih3trument3
Cnomet.l SwiO"*
BARGAINS!
„!'£*?. Purchasing, be sure that you go to
heme S. It will not cost you anything tr>
call and Investigate and you will be surprised
at the Drices and terms. If you cannot call
write for cataloirue and terms. Country busi-
ness solicited.
1 Vose & Sons s.">O
S Steinways 9125, §1751. §373
2 Chlckerings $15o' ,*^r»O
1 Shaw S^;to
1 Knabe ""ix'jim
2 Heines »225 #^x,%
8 others from $7', $100. f 125 to #200
All fully suaranteeu. Installments. 3. 4, 5,
6. 7. 10. Rents $2 up. Store open every even-
ing.
Piano Manufacturing Co., 136 Ellis St.
Pnlnnn The covered pasaage-
J^H.lclljy wav connecting these
* ***** ww two immense struc-
— i tures places under
.-. -_ ¦ one management 1400
onr ] rooms. 900 of which
ClllvL have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
————— er9 from every section
fm j of the world recognize
Iw'pQriff and appreciate the
\*l CtAiv* comforts and conveni-
ences offered by these
hotels.
TJ^i-^lri American plan. Eu-
JtlOL6lis ropean plan.
LESLIE C. HURST
Will find it greatly to hts interest to
write to E. W. MORANCY, admin-
istrator of F. K. HURST, deceased.
Versailles. Kentucky, or to ANDREW
THORNE. MILLS BUILDINO. San
Francisco, Cal.
Any one knowing him to be alive since
ISS9. or knowing him to be dead, kindly
notify the above.
dr.pserces;
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOD,IIVER.B-L!ft!GS;
W. X. HESS.
ROTARY FUaLTJ ANO ATTOENSY-AT-LAT.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Clans Ppreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California »t. below Powell.
San Francisco.
FOR
10