MORNING AFTER THE ATTACK ON PIETARS HILL.
(From the Sphere.)
BETWEEN THE BRITISH AND BOER TRENCHES. WHICH WERE
NOT 100 YARDS APART, MANY OF THE, IRISH BRIGADE, WHICH HAD
SUFFERED - HKAVILV. LAY WOUNDED AND UNSUCCORED FOR
HOURS, NEITHER SIDE DARING TO EXPOSE THEMSELVES TO CER
TAIN DEATH IN ORDER TO AID THEM.
LONDON. April 17. 11:10 p. m.— The War Office has received the following
dispatch frcnl Lord Roberts, dated Bloemfontein, Tuesday, April 17:
"Our force at Wepener Is still surrounded, but It la reported that tha
enemy are attacking In a very half-hearted manner and are unxloun
about their communications, hearing that forces are approaching Wepener
from two directions— one under General Rundle, via Reddersburg, and another
under General' Brabant, with General Hart's brigade In' support, via Rouxville.
"On the reoccupatlon of Rouxville, April 15, the few Boers there retired and
General Erabant made some Important arrests.
'**!oler.t storms of rain have somewhat Interfered with the march of these
columns, but It is hoped they will soon be able to make their presence more de
cidedly felt.
"General Settle reports from Kenhardt,' April 14, that 200 Transvaalers made
a determined attack the previous day on Dopasport, held by a party of Orpons
Horse. Our losses were two killed and one wounded. The enemy's losses must
have been heavy, as they applied to us for doctors and an ambulance."
COLOMBIAN REBELS ROUTED
WITH A VERY HEAVY LOSS
w^- INGS?TON, Jamaica, April 17. — News received here from Colombia says two big 1 battles have been
l.^W fought at Matamundo and Pradera, where the rebel forces under Generals Rosa, Ibez and Caicedo
were completely routed, a large number being killed, wounded or taken prisoners.
The Colombian Government has sent 6000 additional troops north. Peace is reported to be com
pletely restored in the department of Magdalena.
LONDON. April 18. 4a. m.— The Gov
ernment has chosen this as the mo
ment to publish a dispatch from
Lord Roberts pronouncing censure
upon Sir Redvers Buller and Sir
Charles Warren, two of his most important
subordinate commanders. This dispatch
written February 13. has been in the
hands of the War Office for five weeks.
Just why it Is published now, in the mid
dle of the campaign, is not understood,
unless it is expected that General Buller
and General Wairen will ask to be re
lieved of their commands.
The revelation of their incapacity must
tend to undermine the confidence of the
troops in their leadership.
Lord Roberts' dispatch, with the in
closures, is the great feature of the Lon
don press this morning. In a long edito
rial the Daily News speaks of the "some
what appalling language" 'of the dispatch,
and then goes on to say:- "Upon the whole
these dispatchis are disquieting and dis
heartening !n no ordinary degree. Follow
ing immediately upon the recall of Gen
eral Gatacre. they will create a wide
spread feeling of uneasiness and anxiety."
The Standard, which is supposed to be In
the confidence 6f the Government, says:
"It is scarcely likely that the publication
of Lord Roberts' dispatch is without a
purpose. It irresistibly suggests whether
it Is not to be followed by further Import
ant charges In the South African com
mands. Painful as such measures may
be, there must be no hesitation in carry-
Ing them out if they ere required In the
public interest."
The Daily Telegrapn compliments Lord
Roberts upon "not hesitating where great
national interests are at stake to wound
private susceptibilities."
The Dally Chronicle confesses to "a feel
ing seeming like consternation when read
ing the extraordinary passages of the dis
patch." . „ ,
The Times says: Lord Roberts' severe
condemnation is Justified only too clearly
by the -official narratives of what took
place. The story Is painful, but It is well
for the nation and for the army that It
should be told clearly and simply, without
concealment or exaggeration. It le not
the least of the great services Lord Rob
erts la now rendering the country that
he exposes with Judicial Impartiality and
wise, wholesome severity errors and omls
elont) in high quarters which have cost us
so very much."
Whether the Government baa any ipe*
proaches. Natives report that the Inhab
itants of Mafeking are very hungry.
Should a flying column be dispatched td
their relief It will find the country well
grassed and watered as it proceeds north-
BOERS DISPLAYING
GREAT ACTIVITY
MASERU, Basutoland. April 16.— The
Boers for two days past have been dis
playing great activity along the Redders
burg and Rouxville road. Their scouts
report that the British are advancing on
those places to the relief of Wepener and
the burghers consequently are divided
whether to remain or to retire. A major
ity of them desire to abandon the invest
ment of Wepener, fearing to be cut off.
while the minority, led by Commandant
Olivier, are reluctant to move as long as
there is a chance to capture Colonel Del
gety's garrison.
Scouts have ' Just reported rifle firing in
the direction of Thaba Nchu.
BRAN PORRIDGE AT MAFEKING.
MAFEKING, April 7.— The success of
Lieutenant Smith-Eaman, the Rhodesian
scout, who, with' the exception of a Reut
er correspondent, a cyclist, is the only
white man who has entered Mafeking
since the siege began. Is likely, to prove
of great value to Colonel Plumer, to
whom he has . returned with dispatches,
should Plumer decide to raise the siege
of Mafeklnc in earnest.
A Scottish crofter has Introduced a
method of making nourishing porridge
with oat bran, which is a great boon and
Is solving the question of feeding the na
tives. We are j now of holding
out two months longer. The men in the
trenches are determined to play the game
to the end. .;.!•.?
CAPTAIN CREWE DEAD.
PLUMERS CAMP. April 6 (via Lour
enzo Marques, April 17).— A letter has been
received here from Commandant Snyman
with reference to the British wounded and
prisoners at the Boer laager after the en
gagement of March' 3l, from which It is
learned that" Captain Crewe died of hla
wounds, LleutenanttMllllffan Is not a pris
oner,- and sis believed to; be : among ; those
tho Boert burled. The Boer .casualties
cial purpose or not in publishing the dis
patch the way In which it has been re
ceived will make it most difficult to re
tain the censured commanders In active
Bervice. :'i'.\^
Lord Roberts' long wait and the Boer
activity have seriously disturbed' public
equanimity. He Is still 300 miles from
Pretoria. No one. doubts the ultimate
success of the British arms, but behind
the British army that crushes the Boer
armies an army of occupation will have
to be Installed. From various sources
hints come that more men than are al
ready provided for will have to be sent
out.
Lord Roberts Indicates that »t least
10,000 men are advancing to cut off the
Boers who are Investing Wepener. As
there are reports from the Basuto border
that firing has been heard in the direction
of the hills toward' Dewetsdorp it is pos
sible General Chermside's advanced troops
are already in contact with the Boers.
Lord Roberts wires that he expected to
clear the southeast section of the Free
State east of the railway and then to
swing around to the north and to turn
one after another the positions held by
the Boers north of Bloemfontein. Gen
eral Buller's prohibition of all press tele
grams In Natal until further notice Is
taken to indicate that a movement Is
about to begin there.
•
MANY OF PLUMER'S
MEN CONVALESCENT
PLUMER'S COLUMN, Ganerones, April
6 (via Lourenzo Marques, April .17).— The
Boer artillery, about Maf eking is well
horsed. Their pompoms are .mountain
light four-wheeled carriages, each drawn
by four smart horses, In marked contrast
with those Colonel Plumer fought with at
Crocodile Pool. The Boers, too, are well
mounted and well dressed and have fit
looking patrols. The grain and other
crops In the district are excellent, so the
Transvaalers are not likely 'to suffer from
scarcity of food for a long time. Plumer' h
little force Is now strongly Intrenched
northwest of Mafeklng.
The country hereabouts la much easier
traversed than that , the,. Rhodoslans are
operating In," The total casualties Satur
day were eeventy-elffht, but many aro
convalescent. Men and horees > are < im
proving In health ua the winter ap-
The insurgents have attacked San
Jose, in the province of Batangas,
and Santa Cruz, on the lake, fruit
lessly.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— Information
reached the War Department to-day that
the transport Thomas left Manila Sun
day for San Francisco with a number of
sick and invalided officers and men, in
cluding Brigadier General Schwan, Colo
nel Kline, Twenty-first Infantry; Colonel
J. W. French, Twenty-second infantry,
and Colonel Snyder, Ninteenth Infantry.
LONDON, April 17.— The War Office to-night published In the Gazette a dis
patch from Lord Roberts, dated February 13, submitting General Buller's
dispatches describing the Spion Kop and other operations from January 14
to January 24. Lord Roberts deals severely with General Warren and some
others. Even General Buller does not escape. Lord Roberts complains that
• the plan of operations is not clearly described in ' the dispatches. After
sketching General Buller's intentions, as communicated to Sir Charles Warren,
who commanded the whole force, Lord Roberts points out that General Warren
seems to have concluded after consultation with his officers that the flanking
movement ordered by General Buller was impracticable, and therefore so changed
the plan of advance as to necessitate the capture and retention of Splon Kop.
Lord Roberts continues:
"As Warren considered it impossible to make the wide flanking movement
Which was recommended. If not actually prescribed, in the secret Instructions, he
should forthwith have acquainted Buller with the course he proposed to adopt.
There Is nothing to show whether he did so or not. But It Is only fair to Warren
to point out that Buller appears throughout to have been aware of what was
happening."
Regarding the withdrawal from Splon Kcp, the retention of which had become
essential to the relief of Ladysmith, Lord Roberts says:
"I regret to be unable to concur with Buller In thinking Thornycroft exercised
wise discretion In ordering the troops to retire. I am of the opinion that Thorny
croft's assumption of responsibility and authority was wholly inexcusable. During
the night the enemy's lire could not have been formidable, and it would not have
taken more than two or three hours for Thornycroft to communicate by messenger
with Major General Coke or Warren. Coke appears to have left Splon Kcp at 9:30
p. m.. for the purpose of consulting with Warren. Up to that hour the idea of
withdrawal had not been entertained. Yet almost immediately after Coke's de
parture Thornycroft issued the order, without reference to superior authority,
which upset the whole plan of operations and rendered unavailing the sacrifices
made to carry It Into effect. On the other hand, it is only right to say that
Thornycroft appears to have behaved In a very gallant manner throughout the
day.- *> ¦
"It is to be regretted that Warren did not himself visit Splon Kop in the
afternoon or evening, knowing, as he did, that the state of affairs was very criti
cal and that the loss of the position would involve the failure of the operations.
He consequently was obliged to summon Coke to his headquarters, and the com
mand at Spion Kop thus devolved on Thornycroft, unknown to Coke, who was
under the imprrssion that the command devolved upon Colonel Hill as senior otfl
cer. Omissions or mistakes of this nature may be trifling in themselves, yet thoy
may exercise an important influence over the course of events, and I believe
Buller was justified in remarking 'There was a want of organization and system
which acted most unfavorably on the defense.'
"The attempt to relieve Ladysmith was well devised, and I agree with Buller
In thinking it ought to have succeeded. That it failed may In some measure have
been due to the difficulties of the ground and the commanding positions held by
the enemy and probably also to errors of judgment and want of administrative
capacltv on the part of Warren. But whatever faults Warren may have com
mitted the failure must also be attributed to the disinclination of the officer in
the supreme command to assert his authority and see that what he thought best
was done and also to the unwarrantable and neeflless assumption of responsibil
ity by a subordinate officer."
The dispatch concludes:
"The gratifying feature of these dispatches Is the admirable behavior of the
troops throughout the operation."
General Buller' s report, commenting on General Warrens reports of the cap
ture and evacuation of Spion Kop, after disputing the correctness of some of
"Warren's assertions and describing the dangerous situation occupied by General
"Warren's force, tells how he saw the force at Splon Kop had given away before
Warren knew of It. Buller therefore telegraphed to Warren: "Unless you put a
really Rood hard fighting man In command on top you will lose the hill. I sug
gest Thornycroft. 1
General Buller continues: "I have not thought It necessary to order an investi
gation If at sundown the defense of the summit had been taken In hand, en
trenchments laid out and the dead and wounded removed, the whole place would
have been brought under regular military commands and the hills would have
been held. I am sure. But no arrangements were made. Coke appears to have
been ordered away just as he would have been useful and no one succeeded him.
Those on top were ignorant of the fact that the guns were coming up. and gen
prallv there was a want of organization and system that acted most unfavorably
on the defense. It is admitted that all of Thornycroft's command acted with the
irreatest gallantry throughout the day and really saved the situation. But prepa
rations for the second day's defense should have been organized during the
day and commenced at nightfall. As this was not done, I think Thornycroft ex
ercised discretion.
"General Warren sets forth the fact that the Spion Kop operations had not
entered into his original plans, as his Instructions were to occupy a plain north
of It On consultation with the commander-in-chlef. January 21. however, when
the auestlon of retiring from or' attacking Splon Kop was discussed. Warren ex
pressed his preference for attacking. This was successfully accomplished by Gen
eral Woodgate. Then came the order of the eommander-ln-ehief to put Thorny
croft in command on the summit. In the meantime "Warren had sent General
Coke ud to reinforce him, with orders to assume command. Ineffectual efforts
were made to heliograph Thornycroft and ask whether he had assumed com
mand Toward sunset he was finally enabled to get orders through and concluded
the position could be held the next day if guns could be provided and shelter ob
tained Both those conditions were about to be! fulfilled when, in the absence of
Coke whom I had ordered to come and report In person on the situation, the
evacuation took place under orders given on his own responsibility by Thorny
croft This occurred in the face of the vigorous protests of Coke's brigade major
a ? In conclusion General Warren said: "It Is a matter for thecommander-ln-chlef
to decide whether there will be any investigation into the question of the unau
thorized evacuation of Splon Kop."
YACHT OF
FESTETICS
NOW LOST
Count Rudolph, Owner of
the 111-Fated Craft,
Escapes.
COUNTESS, FORMERLY
MISS HAGGIN, NOT ABOARD
Culminating Disaster at Last Over
takes the Tolna, Which Started
From This Port on a Honeymoon
Voyage Around the World.
BERLIN. April 17.— A special to th*
Lokal Anzelger which gives meage**
details regarding the loss near
Mlnecroy of the yacht of Count
Rudolph Festetics .with all on
board save the owner and two servants,
says that among the victims was the
Countess, who prior to her marriage was
Miss Haggln of New York City.
NEW YORK, April 17.— The announce
ment by cable from Berlin was received
in this city to-n!ght that Countess Fes
tetics. formerly Miss Ellen Haggln. of
New York, was among the victims of the
loss of the yacht of Count Rudolph Fes
tetics near Mlnecroy. Inquiry at the resi
dence of Louis T. Haggln. father of tho
Countess, at 2S Fifth avenue, last night,
elicited the Information that she was In
New York and had been for some time.
No word of the disaster had been received
at the Hagsin residence.
Miss Haegin, who Is the graunddaugh
ter of J.. B. Haggln, well known for his In
terests In racehorses and gold mines, and
Count Festetics de Tolna were married
in February-, 1592. They started on their
honeymoon In the yacht Tolna. a gift of
the bride's father, sailing for the South
Seas. The Countess obtained a master's
certificate, owing to her husband's diffi
culty in doing so on account of his not
being a citizen, and their cruise lasterl
for four years. During the cruise amors
the Samoan Islands reports were re
ceived of many varied adventures. Tt waj
announced at different times that they
had lost their crew at Honolulu: that they
were entertining distinguished visitors at
Apia: that they had been taken by pirates
and again had barely escaped being eaten,
by cannibals.
It was one» reported that the Count
was tlead. For two years the Tolna
cruised the water* of Japan between Yo-
k ohama and Kobe. The Tolna behaved
well In spite of her "rjueerness" and with
stood some violent storms on the voyago
to Australia.
Informed by cable of the Illness of her
mother, the Countess came home in l? 07.
and afterward returned to Yokohama,
which she and her husband had made
their place of residence.
The fate of the yacht Tolna Is of more
than a passing Interest to the people of
San Francisco, as she was fitted up in
this port and sailed on October 10. 1893,
bearing Count Rudolph Festitlcs de Tolna
and hi 3 bride, formerly Ellen Haggln.
daughter of Louis T. Haggin of New York
and granddaughter of J. B. Haggln, tho
millionaire mine owner of this city, on an.
extended honeymoon voyage, they having
been married the 25th of February pre
vious in New York City.
They went from this port to Honolulu
and thence to the Orient, spending joe.i
time In Japan and China, and then gointr
to Australia and the South Sea Islands.
Several times reports reached this coun
try of the loss of the yacht or the violent
death of its owners an<l party at tho
hands of the people of the Cannibal Is
lands, but each time she and they turned
up all right in some unexpected quarter
on the way to new ventures.
Count Festetics. who was a lieutenant
in the Eleventh Austrian Hussars and a
son of Count Slslsmunrl Festetics. cham
berlain cf the Austrian court, was said
to be a man of bad temper and such over
bearing disposition as to be unable to
keep any crew of good seamen on board
his vessel, losing some and supplying
their places with such natives as he could
pick up at each port he visited. To this
fact. Implying poor manning for the Uttfts
vessel, may perhaps be attributed her
final loss.
were two officers and six men killed, three
officers and thirty-six men wounded, and
one ¦> officer and eleven men made pris
oners. ' - _ .
ASHANTIS WILL ATTACK.
ACCRA. British Gold Coast Colony,
April 17.— The relieving force which
started recently . for Kumassle In conse
quence of the. tribal uprising In Ashantl
Is probably well "on Its way toward Its
destination, but It Is reported that the
Ashantis will attack the Governor before
llt arrives. . ,
OTIS SUGGESTED FOR
THE VICE PRESIDENCY
LOS ANGELES. April 17.— P. C. Kerens
of St. Louis reached here to-day. He Is
accompanied by his son, Richard Kerens
Jr., the two having come as guests of
First Vice President Kenna of the Santa
Fe .Railroad
. "We have some plans of far-reachlngr
Importance under way for the benefit of
Los Angeles." said Mr. Kerens to-day.
"We have petitioned the authorities of
this city for certain franchises for electric
railway purposes, and If these are granted
we will go ahead."
Discussing national politics. Mr. Kerens,
who Is a member of the Republican Na
tional Committee and of Us executive
committee, gave It as his opinion that the
West might easily secure the second place,
upon the Republican ticket If the proper
effort Is made along that line from now
on. Mr. Kerens says that General H. G.
Otis of this city has been seriously con
sidered by the big Eastern party leaders
in this connection.
STRIKERS ARE QUIET.
New Gang of Men Will P. 3 Put at
Work at Cornell Dam. .
CROTON LANDING. N. V.. April 17.—
The contractors will put new men at work
on the new Cornell dam In the Croton
Valley at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Owing to the presence of the miTltia It Is
not believed that the striking Italians will
dare create any trouble, particularly as
they well know that many of the soldiers
are quite ready to avenge the killing of
Sergeant Douglass last night.
So confident are the contractors ana
Sheriff Malloy that the militia have th«v
situation In hand that the Sheriff to-night
dismissed over 20) of his extra deputies.
There were no demonstrations to-day on
the part of the strikers.
ANARCHIST PLOT.
Police Make Numerous Arrests in an
Italian City.
ROME. April IT.— An anarchist plot has
been discovered at Ancona. a city and frea
port of Central Italy on the Adriatic. IS3
miles by railroad northeast of Rome. The
police seized a number of letters from
Paris and America and arrested the re
cipients of these missives.
TEN INDICTMENTS
IN GOEBEL CASE
FRANKFORT, Ky.. April 17.— The
Franklin County Grand Jury this after
r.oon returned indictments against ten
persons, charcrine them with complicity In
the murder of William Goebel. The prin
cipals named are Henry E. Youtsey,
James Howard. Berry Howard. Harlan
W. Whittaker and "Tallow Dick" Combs
(colored). Those indicted as accessories
before the fact are Secretary of State
Caleb Powers. Captain John T. Powers,
ex-Secretary of State Charles Flnley, W.
H. Culton and F. Wharton Golden. In
the Indictment relating to the alleged ac
cessories three other men are indirectly
referred to as accessories, though no in
dictments were reported against them.
They are Governor W. S. Taylor, Green
Golden and Captain John Davis.
The indictmer.ts were reported at 4:50
this afternoon. Henry E. Youtsey, who is
mentioned as the first principal, was a
clerk In the office of State Auditor Swee
ney. He formerly lived at Newport. Yout
yt-y way first named in the case by Whar
ton Golden, the star witness for the prose
cution at the examining trial of Caleb
Powers. Jim and Berry Howard are
cousins and mountaineers of note In con
nection with the old Howard feud. They
were with the men alleged to have been
brought here by the Powers brothers,
Flnley and others on the excursion of
mountaineers. Harlan Whittaker lived in
Hutler, Governor Taylor's home county,
and Is alleged to have been In the room
In the executive building from which the
phot was fired.
Dick Combs, the negro, lived at Beatty
vllle and also came here with th<» moun
tain men. Cal«>b Powers Is the Republi
can contestee for Secretary of State and
John L. Powers, another of the defend
ants named as an accessory. Is his broth
er. Charles Ftnley was Secretary of
State under the former Republican State
administration, when W. O. Bradley was
Governor. Charles Flnley is now in In
dianapolis, having gone there Just before
the warrant charging him with complic
ity was sworn out blx weeks ago. \v H
Culton was also a clerk In the office of
Auditor Sweeney. Wharton Golden was
a member of the Taylor State Guard and
claimed to turn State's exldence on the
stand In the examining trial of Caleb
Powers, when he recited what he clalm
od to be the Inside facts relating to the
alleged conspiracy to murder Goebel and
onoujrh Democratic members of the Leg
islature to clve the Republicans a ma
jority. It 1b stated that the common
wealth will at once nolle the Indictment
against Golden In consideration of his
testimony. _ ._ .
SURRENDER
OF GENERAL
MONTENEGRO
>
One of the Fiercest Filipino
Fightsrs Taken by
Col. Smith.
— »
MACABULOS, HOWEVER,
MAKES i!IS ESCAPE
— •
Insurgents Have Made a Fruitless
Attack Against Americans at
San Jose and Santa
Cruz.
BAD FAITH
OF SULTAN
OF TURKEY
Has Again Broken the Many
Promises to Pay
Indemnity.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
IN A CRITICAL' STATE
Celibcrate Falsehoods of the Moham
medan Euler MayC?.u23 the United
States to Send lli3 Minister
His Passports.
WASHINGTON. April 17.— There is
ro U>B£«r any question that the
diplomatic relations between
the United States and Turkey
are in a critical BtateJ Browing
out of the Sultan's bad faith.
.Ie promised to pay the indemnity claims
t.t the American missionaries for the de
struction of eight buildings of the Eu
phrates College at Harput and several
boUdlnss belonging to the American mis
sionaries at Marash during the Armenian
massacres of lSPf>. Mr. Straus, the United
Suites Minister to Turkey, is at present
In the United States on leave of absence.
Am has already been announced, he pre
sented his resignation, but the President.
resuming the services of Mr. Straus as
indispensable, definitely extended his
leave, subject to the call of the Secretary
of Sratf whenever circumstances may
necessitate hiy. return.
Diplomacy anpe^r? to have exhausted
Kself at Constantinople, the Sultan having
promised to nay the indemnity claims,
amounting to some EJO.CX), which promise
was again renewed prior to Mr. Straus'
departure, and although sixteen months
have elapsed since the promise was first
rr.ade. that promise still remains unful
:'Mrd. What action the Government will
now take to enforce the Sultan's promise
is not definitely known, as the situation
is critical, and it may result in Secretary
Hay Bending the Turkish Minister at
Washington his passports.
The question involved between the two
countries is no longer one resting upon
disputed points of international law. but
upon the Sultan's broken faith. This Is
not his only promise, he having stated to
our Minister that he would give his per
mit for the reconstruction of the Ameri
can college and school building?, while
tip to the present the official permit, upon
cm excuse and another, has been with
held. '
VVhfn Dr. Angell resigned in 185S the re
lations between the two countries were
«ritieal by reason of the inaction of the
Turkish Government and its refusal to
entertain the indemnity -claims. Mr.
Straus, by reason of his successful pre
vious mission and his past experience,
was summoned by the President to take
up the mission as best qualified to adjust
the pending question in a manner satis
factory to both countries. Shortly after
his arrival at Constantinople in Septem
ber. LS9B, several matters yielded to nego
tiation. He then addressed himself to the
main questions, the compensation for mis-
Fior.ary buildings destroyed and for prop
erty looted and the permit for their re
building. The Turkish Government, short
ly b.-fore the departure of Dr. Angell, sent
a reply denying all liability for
i h*> buildings and property destroyed. A
similar reply was s»*rit to the Embassa
flVirs of England, France and Italy, hav
ing like claims. Mr. Straus took up the
question anew, basing his argument upon
the w«-il recognized principles of Interna
tiona] law. with the result that at an au
dience with the Sultan on the Sth of De
cember. ISjS, the Sultan promised to pay
the claims. The claims w*re examined
with great care and scrutiny, based upon
the principle of indemnity for the actual
value of the property destroyed. The Sul
tan also stated that he had given permis
sion for the reconstruction of the destroy
»<\ buildings. Neither of these promises
has been kept.
During the continuation of Minister
Eiraus' leave of abst-nce the legation is in !
<;i;irge of Captain Lloyd C. Griscom, sec-;
rotary of legation, who Is fully conversant I
with the business.
BRITISH AT WEPENER
ME STILL SURROUNDED
According to Lord Roberts' Latest Report
the Story of the Raising of the Siege
by the Boers Is Not True.
BLAMES BULLER FOR
SPION KOP DISASTER
In a Report Lord Roberts Also Deals
Severely With Lieutenant General War
ren and With Thornycroft
J\/^ ANTLA, April 17. — General
/V a Montenegro, one of the in
surgents' best fighters, has surren
dered to Colonel Smith, in the moun
tains near Camaling, in the province
of Panga3nin, where, with General
Macabulos, he has baen trying to re
organize the Filipino army. Colonel
Smith,- ipitli ~flv«?, >cTnparue»-of-the
Seventeenth Regiment/ nearly iur
rcunded the force" of Montenegro,
who, discouraged by the impossibility
of making his men stand against the
Americans, surrendered. Macabulos
escaped.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVH-NO. 149.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
A CANDIDATE FOR THE VICTORIA CROSS.
AN INCIDENT OF THE FIGHT AT SANNA'S POST APRIL L
(From the Illustrated London News.)
GENERAL MONTE NEGRO,
THE FILIPINO LEADER WHO
HAS SURRENDERED.Weekly Call a sl.oo per Year
Water Plant Sold.
PETALUMA, April 17.— The Sonoma
County Water Company of this city sold
out its plant to-day to the Petaluma
Power and Water Company for the sum
of $240,000. The sale includes real and
personal property, plant, business, water
rights, pipe line and everything owned by
the company. The transfer goes Into ef
fect May 1.
Land for a Military Post.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— The Presi
dent has announced the reservation of
about 25.600 acres of public land located
at the mouth of Mission Creek, at Eagle
Cltv. Alaska, for military purposes.
but I was able to learn from another
source that the former President has
dealt with conditions and not with candi
dates. No names are mentioned In his
letter with relation to the Presidential
nomination to be made at Kansas City,
but I am told It contains some pretty
plain inferences.
Mr. Eastmond said to-night that all the
speakers had responded to invitations sent
to them, except Horace Boles of lowa,
Louis F. Burchard, chairman of the din
ner committee, discovered yesterday that
former Governor Boies was not at the
place to which his invitation was ad
dressed, and It is not known whether or
not he got the letter.
Judge Joseph Willett of Alabama Is now
In New York and will make a speech at
the dinner. Judge Willett has been an
advocate of the nomination of Augustus
Van Wyck ever since the Saratoga con
ference of last summer, and it Is expect
ed that he will urtre the selection of the
Brooklyn man for the head of the national
ticket.
FUSION FAILS.
Rival Tickets Named in the Seventh
Kansas District.
GREAT BEND, Kans., April IS.— The
hopes of the fusionists In the "Big Sev
enth" Congressional District have been
shattered by the action of the Democratic
and Populist Congressional conventions.
Both conventions adjourned at 12:30 this
(Wednesday) morning, after rival can
didates had been named. The Democratic
convention renominated Claude Duval of
Hutchison, a well-known commercial
traveling man. The Populists nominated
1.- P. Campbell of Wichita. This action
was taken after both conventions had ap
pointed conference committees and these
committees had failed to agree upon the
terms for fusion.
Ex-Congressman Jerry Simpson was
not a candidate for the nomination. His
political associates were active workers
In behalf of Duval as a fusion candidate,
with an understanding that Duval should
have the Populist support and that in re
turn the- Democratic vote in the next
Legislature should be cast for Simpson
for United States Senator.
The Populist convention empowered Its
executive committee to effect a fusion
later, with the consent of the convention's
candidate, and upon this action some
hope of fusion is still based.
LOUISIANA'S ELECTION.
Democrats Win on State Ticket and
Legislature. '00 Z
NEW ORLEANS, April 17.— The election
to-day In Louisiana for members of the
Legislature and a full State ticket result
ed in a Democratic landslide. The ticket
headed by W. \V. Heard swept the State
and the Legislature is overwhelmingly
Democratic. 1 • - .
To-day's was the first election held un
der the new legislation disfranchising the
negro, and the battle at the polls has
been almost exclusively fought out by the
whites. The total registration was 129,
000, but owing to unprecedented weather
conditions only about 60 per cent of that
registration was polled. Three tickets
were in the field— the Democratic, headed
by W. W. Heard, the present State Au
ditor; the regular Republican, headed by
E. 8. Reams, and the fusion,' embracing
sugar planters; Independent Democrats
and Populists, headed by -Don Caffery Jr.,
con of United States Senator Caffery. The
Reams ticket, according to the early re
turns, cut no figure in the fight, polling
an extremely light vote. The Democratic
majority in the State will exceed 25,000,
based on returns already in, and may
reach 50,000. - .
SILVER NOT MENTIONED.
lowa Populists JDismount From Their
Sixteen-to-One Hobby.
DES MOINES. lowa.April 17.— The Peo
ple's party State convention held here,to
day adopted a long platform, which no
where contains the word "silver" or. refers
to the 16 to 1 ratio. I The declarations of
the national platforms four and eight
years ago are declared reaffirmed. • Im
perialism is denounced; the Porto Rican
policy is declared a "betrayal of the peo-
pie of that Island": the initiative and ref
erendum are demanded, with popular elec
tion of Senators: the recent financial leg-
IslaUon is denounced and Bryan is enthu
siastically Indorsed for President.
J. H. Gillett of Dcs Moine« was
temporary and permanent chairman.
Eighteen delegates to the Sioux Falls con
vention and an equal number of alterna
tives were elected. J. B. Weaver will
head the delegation.
BAILEY TO BE SENATOR.
Horace Chilton Withdraws From the
Bace in Texas.
AUSTIN, Tex.. April 17.— Political cir
cles here were greatly surprised to-day by
the announcement, that Senator Horace
Chllton had withdrawn from the United
StateH Senatorial race, leaving Congress
man Joseph W. Bailey a clear field. Sen
ator Chilton's withdrawal is based upon
ill health and an inability to make a can
vass of the State. Primaries held within
the last week or ten days In about a
dozen counties had given Bailey a lead In
the race. The announcement of Senator
Chilton's withdrawal was made by his
campaign manager.
Tennessee Populists Quarrel.
NASHVILLE. Term., April 17.—Popu
lists of Tennessee met here to-day in
State convention and engaged in a stormy
session. After much talk it was decided
to send delegates to the middle-of-the
road national convention at Cincinnati.
When this decision was reached ex-Gov
ernor John P. Buchanan retired from the
meeting. The resolutions adopted renew
allegiance to the Omaha platform of 18W
and to the amplifications; of 1896. The
delegates to the national convention at
Cincinnati go uninstructed.
Bryan at Austin.
AUSTIN. Tex., April 17.— Colonel W. J.
Bryan returned to-day from an extensive
tour' of the Pacific slope. Mr. Bryan says
that he found conditions in California and
the West most encouraging. He will make
several speeches here this week and. will
leave next Monday for his home in Ne
braska, taking his family with him En
route home lie will speak at Wichita,
Kans., on the 24th lnst.
THE tnited States transport; tiancocK
sailed for Manila via Honolulu, Yoko
hama and Hongkong yesterday. She
took away the members of the Phil
ippine Commission and the stops at Ha
waii, Japan and China will be made on
their account.
There was a Ing crowd down to see the
transport depart. General Shafter and
s-taff. Colonel Long, quartermaster in
charge of the transport service; Admiral
Kautz. Irving M. Scott. Captain Charles
Nelson and a host of well-known people
from Berk-ley and Oakland, were there to
Wish the commissioners and their families
a pleasant voyage. In fact since the days
when the volunteers were leaving by every
steamer there has r.ot been a scene of so
much excitement on the water front. Cap
tain Barneson sent the Hancock away
promptly at noon, and by 1 p. m. she was
outside "the harbor and .heading for the
Parr.disc of the Pacific. < -*c
junong the passengers who sailed on,
the Hancock are Ju.lg? William H. Taft,
Judp>* lile. General Wrisht. Professor Mo
pes,' Professor Worcester. Rutherford Cor
hin. Mr. Ferguson. Mr. Kranacan. Mr. Le
Roy. F. C Dominjfuez. Frederick Heiskt-11,
P. S. Carter. D. R. Williams. Mr. Brou
pard. Mr. Coffman, Mrs. William H. Taft.
Miss Henron, iliFs Id»>. Mrs. Moses. Miss
Marjorio Ide, Miss Brings. Mrs. Wright, j
Miss Wricht, Mrs. Worcester and two
Children: Mrs. IJranapan. Mrs. Ferguson,
Major M. A. Batson. Captain William L..
Kneedler. Mrs. Kneedler. Mrs. Le Roy,
Mrs. Thomas. Mi^s Bour.s. Master Fergu
son. Miss Florence Boruck and Miss Har
riett U McCord.
As the Hancock steamed past the battle-
Fhip lowa the crc-w was drawn up on deck,
the fighting top was manned and three j
hrarty cheers wrre given for the commls- ;
sion<"rs. while the barsd played the "Star |
Spangled Banm-r." Admiral Kautz came ;
v«>ry rear witnessing the performance
from the deck of the transport. He was \
down in the saloon when the gangway '
was hauled in. It had to be put out '
«pain in order that the admiral might get
ashore.
While the Hancock was passing out ,
throuph tho headj the Occidental and Ori
ental Company's steamer Doric was pull
ing out from the Mail dock. Both vessels
A BIG CROWD DOWN TO SEE THE TRANSPORT HANCOCK DEPART
' are bound for Honolulu and a great deal
: of Interest is taken in the outcome of the
run. The Hancock is the crack boat of
the transport service and the employes of
. the Government are willing to wager that
s=he will beat the Doric Into Honolulu.
Those who think they know, however, say
the Doric If the faster boat and will beat
the Hancock at least eight hours to Dia
mond Head. Captain Harry Struve knows
just what the Hancock can do and he will
not allow any seaweed to gather on her
hull during the run. Captain Smith al
ways brings the Doric in ahead of time,
and on this occasion he will get all the
speed possible out of the vessel.
MANILA. PHILIPPINE COMMISSION
OFF FOR SOUTH SEAS
Are prevented and cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Because it cures, the most tenacious forms of Scrof-
ula, even when other remedies do no good ;
Because it subdues and permanently relieves terribly
agonizing cases of Salt Rheum;
Because it conquers the severest conditions of Blood
Poisoning and Hip Disease; . • ,
Because it so promptly corrects Biliousness, Head-
ache, That Tired Feeling and Creates an Appetite.
Because it cures all other diseases caused by or origi-
nating in impure blood — Rheumatism, Catarrh, etc
Is the best Spring Medicine that money can buy.
WATER COMPANY SUED.
San Diego Consumers Object to Extra
Charge for Pumping.
SAN DIEGO, April 17.— The. contest of
water consumers to compel the San Diego
Flume Company to furnish them water in
dry years by pumping on their contracts
for irrigating water without an extra
charge for pumping, water where It is
found impossible to supply it from storage
reservoirs has culminated to-day in an ac
tion in Department No. 1 of the Superior
Court brought by attorneys for certain
water consumers in El Cajon Valley ask
ing that the San Diego Flume Company
show cause why a receiver should not be
appointed for their extensive system of
water works which were built about eight
years ago and which is fifty-five miles
long and cost over $2,000,000. The company
has three reservoirs and thirty-six mllea
of flume and about fifteen miles of pipe
line. ¦ i'V-V;-;
It has contracts with consumers which
specify that In years of normal shortage
of rainfall the water supply shall be pro
portionately reduced. During the last two
years practically no storage has been
made on account of light rainfall and tho
company has Installed pumps and dug
wells in the San Diego River to keep trees
alive, charging for this. extra water, how
ever, 5 to IVt cents per thousand. gallons.
The . consumers object to paying, hence
they ask a receiver. The court required
the petitioners to file a bond of $500 and
if this is done the- case will be heard on
April 27. . -¦- ¦ -.
Ladles' fine kid ties, worth $1 75,"f0r 750
a pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market*
JAPAN VIEWS
RUSSIA'S COURSE
WITH DISTRUST
Places No Confidence in the
Assurances From St.
Petersburg.
Ready to Oppose by Force of Arms
tha Attempt of the Czar to
Obtain a Foothold in
Korea.
«
Correspondence of the Associated Press
YOKOHAMA, March 31.— 1f the quick
and 6teady dispatch of telegrams from
Korea means aught of a really serious na
ture the Inference would be that Japan
and Russia are on the verge of a war.
Outwardly, however, there Is absolute
calm, and the tone of the press Is but
slightly bellicose. The prevalent opinion
of the foreign community seems to be that
as the conflict is Inevitable the sooner it
occurs the better it will be for Japan. The
latter, with her great fleet, far superior to
that of her enemy in these waters, would
make short work of Russia's naval force
and command the situation, for the time
at least, with all the advantage which an
added prestige would confer.
But, as in all such crises, in view of
what modern war Is now known to entail,
there is extreme reluctance on the part of
either Government to take the decisive
step. If It were not for the deep-seated
distrust of Russian methods of aggran
dizement, of which she has furnished so
many object lessons of late, Japan would
be strongly inclined to put up with the
"assurances" given, that "there Is nothing
In the demands upon Korea inimical to
Japanese Interests." But the Japanese
have been and are keen students of Rus
sian history, and they know what her
gaining of a foothold means. They know
that a foothold 'In Korea means the ulti
mate passing of the peninsula under Rus
sian sway, and this nation in a unit for
fighting to the death against that en
croachment. Other powers may ask Korea
for concessions and leases ad libitum, but
Russia has too often shown her hand and
her plain intent for Japan to trust to any
of her "assurances."
It may. therefore, easily be that the
question will be put to the arbitrament of
war at any moment. All that Russia de
mands now is a concession of .territory
near Masampo, or. as alternative, the Isl
and of Kotoku. Either would be a stand-
Ing menace to Japan, and one of the
toughest of diplomatic fights is now on at
Seoul. Russia Is making some attempts
In the way of a naval demonstration, as
she did "at the close of the Japan-China
war, but it Is a sorry show now compared
with the magnificent fleet which Japan
has most opportunely assembled for the
spring maneuvers. It Is deemed by many
to be significant that the whereabouts and
movements of this fleet of sixty vessels
are veiled In the greatest secrecy. That
they will be within easy striking distance
of the scene of war may easily be sur
mised.
Roth of the Westchester County delega
tions were given seats in the convention,
with half votes each. Ex-Congressman
Lemuel E. Quigg was made chairman of
the committee on resolutions. The usual
resolution to refer all resolutions to the
committee without discussion was adopt
ed. Quigg arose to offer a resolution re
lating to the committee on resolutions
when some one called for three cheers.
The cheers began feebly, but in an Instant
from the galleries and the side of the hall
came hisses, which drowned the cheers.
The chairman finally rapped the disturb
ers to order, closing the unpleasant in
cident. After the appointment of com
mittees the convention took a recess until
4 p m.
The afternoon session of the convention
was much more enthusiastic. The com
mittee on permanent organization report
ed the name of Congressman James S.
Sherman of Oneida for permanent chair
man. His allusions to McKinley were re
ceived with applause, but the mention of
Roosevelt created a whirlwind of excite
ment' and his declaration that Roosevelt
must have a second term as Governor
brought the audience to its feet with
cheers and handelapplngs. Mention of
McKinley and Roosevelt, not evidently in
tended to ticket the two names, caused
another burst of enthusiasm and evident
ly hurt the feelings of the Woodruff men,
for at the conclusion of the chairman's
speech they started cheering for their
candidate, which was joined in by the
delegates from Queens and Suffolk coun
ties and was checked only by a demon
stration of disapproval on the part of the
other delegates.
The Platform.
The usual lists of vice presidents and
secretaries were read, and then Lemuel
E. Quigg of New York was called to the
stage to read the platform. He was re
ceived with mingled hisses and applause.
Qulgg waited until the noise had sub
sided and then read the platform, which
was adf.'jJted.
The platform congratulates the, country
"that the pledges on the faith of which
McKinlcy and Hobart were elected four
years apo have been redeemed." It in
dorses the administrations of President
McKlnley and of Governor Roosevelt. It
asserts that the Republican party found
the country after four years of Demo
cratic government paralyzed as to indus
try, weak in trade and commerce and im
povcrit-'Jied, In Its public treasury. The
platform extols Republican party govern
ment as "equally effective and intelligent
in war as in peace."
The policy of this Government with re
gard to the status of "Spain's conquered
colfinial possessions" is approved as char
acteristically American, the platform con
tinuing:
The independence of Cuba, pledged to Cuba
and proclaimed to the world In the declaration
of war. has bf-cn secured and advanced by
every public act. The American military force.
In Cuba has been reduced. Local government
has been established and steps are now being
taken for popular elections in Cuba to erect
there a free government of the Cuban people,
preparatory to the complete withdrawal • of
American authority.
In Porto Rico, which has become for all time
American territory, civil irovernment and lib
eral laws have been provided. . '.
The Insurrection In the Philippine Islands has
been overcome, organized rebellion no longer
exists and the establishment of American au
thority In all the Islands Is proceeding to the
contentment of their Inhabitants.
The list of electors, delegates at large
and electors at large was read and ap-
S roved without change. The names •of
Ir. Platt, Mr. Depew, Governor Roose
velt and Mr. Odell were received with
applause.
GROVER CLEVELAND ON
POLITICAL CONDITIONS
Former President Has 'Written* a
Letter in Which Plain Infer-
: -,-\* ences Are Made.
SpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 17.— Former Presi
dent Grover Cleveland has written a let
ter, which will be read at the anti-Bryan
dinner of .the Brooklyn Democratic Club
in Brooklyn to-morrow, and It Is now In
the hands of the president of. the club. A.
H. Eastmond. - Mr.'Eastmond- refused to
night to discuss the contents of the letter.
REPUBLICANS
OF NEW YORK
IN CONVENTION
Delegates at Large to the
Philadelphia Gathering
Elected.
Leaders Undecided as to Whether to
Give Roosevelt a Second Term
or Urge Him for the Vice
Presidency.
*
NEW YORK, April 17.— The Republican
Convention for the election of delegates
at-large to the national convention at
Philadelphia named two United States
Senators, a Governor and the second in
command of the Republican State organ
ization as their choice for delegates-at-
Jargc. Then it complimented the_newspa
pcr profession by naming as ok-ctors-at
large! the proprietor of a Buffalo news
paper and the proprietor and editor of a
Rochester newspaper.
The men thus signally honored were:
United States Senator Thomas C. Platt,
United Starts Senator C. M. Depew. Gov
ernor Roosevelt and State Committee
Chairman B. B. Odcll as delegates-at
large, and Edward H. Butler of Buffalo
and F. A. Mitchell of Rochester as
electors-at-!arge.
Thejjconventioh 'was not enthusiastic at
rts morning session, but was demonstrat
ive at its afternoon cessiua-'lt had few
spectators when it met at noon and a
good gathering when it met in the late
afternoon. It demonstrated that so far
as individual delegates went they were
not quite decided in their- prfeference as
to whether Governor Roosevelt should be
a .candid;»t« for Governor or for Vice
President; whether they wanted T. L.
Woodruff fcr Lieutenant Governor again
or for Vice President. When the tem
porary and permanent chairman an
nounced the candidacy of Governor
Roosevelt for a second term the conven
tion went wild with enthusiasm, but when
Mr. Sherman coupled the names of Mc-
Klnley and Roosevelt the applause and
enthusiasm were Ftill greater. So it was«
Impossible to diagnose the attitude of the
majority of the delegates toward the Gov
ernor.
It .Is believed, however, that the gen
eral trend is toward the renomination of
Roosevelt and the pushing of Woodruff
for second place on the national ticket.
The convention had the unique distinc
tion of having no business for the com
mittee on contested seats to perform, and
of having no interruption of the pro
gTamnie laid out by the organization.
Second Term for Roosevelt.
13. B. Odell Jr., chairVnan of the State
Committee, called the convention to or
der, and the Rev. Dr. David R. Burrell
of the Marble Collegiate Church delivered
an invocation. State Senator N.-A. Els
"berg of New York City was *nade tem
porary chairman.-, and JiddteEsed the con
vention at some length, dwelling upon the
ability with which the State and national
governments had been administered by
Governor Roosevelt and President McKin
ley respectively. Speaking of Governor
Roosevelt. Mr. Elsbergsaid:
New Terk will make no sarrlflce of him a*
vet at any rate, and not until the Slate has
had another term of Roosevejt as if Governor
will rhe relinquish htm to what we hope are
higher honors etlll In store. ;
ThU declaration was "greeted with en
thusiastic applause by the delegates.
the ethnological phase, studying the
native language and songs, customs
"•nd physical characteristics of almost
every tribe that inhabits the northeast
ern section of the vast country of Sibe
ria. Buxton will confine his work
mainly to the zoological field, toward
making a new and rare collection of
birds and mammals for the big mu
seum In Central Park. "While the out
lined plan of this expedition is of keen
Interest to the scientific world at large,
still it sinks into insignificance when
the novel and dangerous nature of the
trip of these men is considered. Start
ing from Vladisvostok in August, they
will strike north into absolutely un
known regions, and will practically
bury themselves for a period of two or
three years. Bogaras will come out on
the other side of the world, as it were,
for after reaching a far north line of
latitude he will turn eastward and
work almost to European Russia,
meeting his comrades some years hence
in New York City. Jochelson travels
up the coast toward East Cape, on the
Bering Sea. . Buxton goes Inland and
then cuts north also.' Some time in the
fall of 1901 they expect to meet in the
East Cape region and there await the
coming of the whaling fleet. Failing in
this, it is with remarkable fortitude
that they stated the wait for easier
transportation southward would be a
year longer. The expedition Is pro
visioned for two years.
Bogaras and Jochelson took their ap-
THHEE MEN WHO WILL EXPLORE THE WILDS OF NORTHERN SIBERIA.
ON the steamer Doric that sailed for
Hongkong via Honolulu were three
men who compose the Jessup ex
pedition, sent by the American Mu
seum of Natural History of New York
City to explore the unknown country
of Northeastern Siberia. They were
two Russians of scientific and literary
renown in their own country named
Waldemar Bogaras and Waldemar
Jochelson and the famous young Amer
ican scientist, Norman C. Buxton, a
graduate of Stanford University in the
class of '05.
The work cut out for the expedition
is little short of stupendous, and is
fraught with interest that always at
taches Itself to exploration In the
frozen North. Two years ago Presi
dent Jessup of the American Museum,
a New York millionaire, appropriated
J50.000 for the purpose of solving the
race question of the Arctic zone. Three
Eastern collectors worked over the
Alaskan Held for a winter season and
provided, the museum with valuable
ethnological data concerning the hab
its, customs and language of the na
tlves,' % all tending to enlighten the
world of science as to whether the red
man of America Is a descendant of
Asiatic stock or vice versa.
Deductions from recent information
obtained on the American side point
toward the latter theory. So the work
of Bogaras, Jochelson and Buxton will
furnish data, to complete. the chain.
The Russians will touch mainly upon
prentlceshlp In Eastern Siberian ex
ploration" while exiles under the ban
of the Czar for the publication of lit
erature which strongly advocated the
freedom of the press along American
ideas. Ten years was the sentence to
the Arctic Siberian coast, the latter
period of which was put to a useful
study of the natives along ethnologi
cal lines. Their work attracted the
attention of the members of the great
St. Petersburg Museum and they were
returned and restored to a place of fa
vor in the Russian scientific world.
Bogaras contributes to six magazines
of his country on sociological subjects
and is a clever writer of short stories.
Jochelson has written a work on nat
ural history, which was well received
throughout all of Europe. Their for
mer Siberian study won them a place
on the Jessup expedition. Norman C.
Buxton, who graduated from Stanford
five years ago. made his reputation
with the Smithsonian expedition at
Point Barrow in ISO 7 and 1593. He has
since lectured in the Eastern States
and is recognized as the most brilliant
of the youns American zoologists.
¦ Appreciating the progression and Im
portance of the work planned by the
New York Society, the Russian Gov
ernment has placed every facility be
fore the expedition to aid in attaining
results. Throuph passports are pro
vided the members and two Cossacks
will accompany each man. Even the
Russian punboats that patrol the
eastern coast of Siberia will be placed
at their disposal.
Amid the Cheers of a Host of Friends the Members and Families
Leave on the United States Transport Hancock*
.¦-.::.¦¦ ¦¦- ' ¦¦¦.-¦ ¦ (
Three Men Who Will Undertake a Perilous Task and Brave All
; Manner of Hardship in the Interest of Science*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
JESSUP EXPEDITION OFF
TO FROZEN NORTH SIBERIA
THE LIBERAL
CREDIT HOUSE.
One visit win convince you that you ar«
In the right store. VAg reductions In
Carpets, Furniture. Mattlnga. etc..
Housps' Furnished Complete.
Goods delivered free within 100 miles.
BRILUANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
NEAR POVTEU+
Open Evenings.
tif I**1 ** ji ¦Mutc'y^
ill
c STRICTLY
RELIABLE
DR. TALCOTT
ikj*i£--ijjf Diseases and "Weak-
w MEN ONLY -
VI \y\l // " 7 M «*»* St. Car. 6ti.
1^ j / Entire Upper Floor.
I A PERMANENT CURE
$ of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea*
2 and Gleet, jmarantoed in from 3 to 6
< days : nc other treatment required.
5 Sold by all drnjnijits.
! Cuticura
The Set.
i Soap f\ r
i Salve v|nP,
'¦ Resolvent wW
—AT—
The Owl.
! Swamp-Root 40c
1 Peruna 85c
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
I Pierces Prescription 75c
, Carter's Liver Pills 15c
Pierces Discovery 75c
; Castoria 25c
! ?<?e!!in s Food. large . » 55:
| Calder's Dentine 15c
: Eagle Condensed Milk Isc
il9OO Catalogue maitei
Free Delivery within
100 miles. 5
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Cut-Rate Druggists. '
113 a MARKET ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. ;
MUNYON'S INHALER
/%'*: «trr^ w U \\ c, 5
|f™|§ CATARRH
_ A '-n||s^ Colds, Coughs.
|^^^S^^^ HayFevetyßronS
M^lCT^^ chitis, Asthma
PmjMland all Diseases
wJ iSGii \& °* the Throat and
W Lungs.
Clones of Medicated Vspor «r» InhaW
through the mocth and emitted from tv- n •>-
trlls, cleansing and Taporlzing all the lnflin: I
and diseased parts which cannot be reai-JW by
medicine taken Into the stomach.
It reaches t!te snre spots—lt tieals th« raw
places — It goes to the seat of disease — It acts n.t
a balm and tonic to the whole system — $1.00 at
dr-jLgyistiorscntbymaiL 1505 Arch St^J'Mia.
VISI- OR JORDAN'S GREAT^
MUSEUM OF AHfITOMYif
C 7) i::i lusts: sr. tst e±&rx sxett 4
rjjr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
jL,^ World. Weakae-ses cr any contracted A
F^S *"v 5 dli/ "* v(? p^»UI»»-l 7 r««Kili» the olaeit "
/•-Srij Spcoij^f a tiw Co»it Est. 36 yoar* *£
5 £&£ 9 CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
l(ix3H Coa»ultation fre-j »nd $trirtl» pmate. \
I X?ip^fl frt lrment personally or by letter. A A
fl 9r Tt U Pot.tm tVraia e»ery case undertaken. T
3,1 \\JL ttmhr B-ok. rUII.O^UruV.i A
"•! jj 1 * Jf*n«lA6K. M»ILSI> FR2S. (Af
A Jl **luabJ« book far mml \
OR j|ißDA.%£t'O.. 10M Market St.. a F. V
PipP^ WODERFDL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
••Ma«netlo Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce jay« t»
th« cubllc the moit remarkable remedy r»«r
Jll«coTered for tho nuccessful treatment of Her-
nia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers ha»»
been p«rmanently relieved and radically CURED
br *hts treat appliance, and thousands of otnerti
¦re now on tn« road to complete recovery. This
Truns la different {ram all others. It does th*
W Tou can cet our "BOOKLET No. Vby call-
Inc at the office, or tt will b« sent on receipt oj
i. l-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
'magnetic elastic truss co.,
6Zl> Market Street {Opposite Palaca Hotel).
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
%s&r FAVORITE
M FOESWEAB4WOMOJ.
2GOVERNMENT
OF PLACERVILLE
REORGANIZED
Election Held' for the First
Time in Twenty-Eight
Years.
Prentiss Carpenter Is Chosen Mayor
and the Settlement of the Bond
Question Will Devolve
Upon Him.
. .
Special Ditratch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, -April 17.— The first
municipal election held In this city
since the resignation of the Mayor
and common Council twenty-eight
years ago took place to-day. Much
Interest was taken in it, as the purpose
of the city's reorganization is to settle
the railroad bonds which have long over
hung the city, and the attempted collec
tion of which caused the resignation of
the city officers. Each voter was required
to write the names of the persons for
whom he voted, as the vacancies in the
city offices, with whom certificates •of
nomination are required to be filed, pre
vented the names of. candidates * being
printed on a ticket.
Premiss Carpenter, a native of this city
and a talented attorney, who has been
twice District Attorney of the county,
was elected Mayor without opposition.
Mr. Carpenter is able and progressive and
it is believed he will make an Ideal Mayor.
A spirited contest for most of the other
offices resulted as follows: Clerk and As
sessor, W. M. Muffley; Marshal, Oswald
Hardle: Aldermen— Jay E. Fox, J. F. Lu
cas, W. H. Sumner. John de Barnardi,
George H. Ingham. Matthew Blair, L. M.
Strieker, William Barney, Frank Crocker
and Harrison Mcßeth; City Superintend
ent of Schools. C. C. Pierce; School Direc
tors—Charles A. Swisler, Max Mierson, P.
B. Hogan and P. Cote.
PAYS TOO MUCH
FOR THE ARMOR
FOR ITS SHIPS
Wheeler of Kentucky De
clares the Government Is
Being Robbed.
Says Manufacturers Realize Two
Hundred Per Cent Profit on
Their Contracts With
Uncle Sam.
?
WASHINGTON, April 17.— The second
day's debate upon the naval appropria
tion bill in the House to-day was con
fined closely to the subject matter of the
bill and was as a rule devoid of interest
ing features. The questions of armor
plate and the building of warships in Gov
ernment yards, as on yesterday, attracted
most attention. The general debate was
closed to-day and to-morrow the bill will
be read under the Jive-minute rule.
Dayton of West Virginia opposed the
building of warships in Government
yards. Wheeler of Kentucky asked if
there was not a lobby to defeat the prop
osition to build ships in Government
yards.
"I never heard of such a lobby." replied
Dayton. "The only lobby I have seen was
the lobby of naval constructors— lf it
could be called a lobby— arguing in favor
of the proposition I oppose."
Dayton also opposed the establishment
of a Government plate factory. The Gov
ernment had as well go into production
of any other production which it must
buy.
Wheeler concluded the debate for the
day. He criticized severely the rule of
the House which prohibited members
from making public on the floor what was
done and said behind committee doors,
and declared himself in favor of compell
ing committees to open their doors to the
press. The most vicious legislation was
hatched behind closed; doors. He had no
insinuation to make, against the Naval
Committee, of which 'he was a member,
he said, but he thought the practice a bad
one. \
He also ..opposed; he said, the appoint
ment of men with special interests to
serve on committees. Their desire to
serve their constituents outweighed their
duty to their country.
¦\\ heeler said he was opposed on con
viction to a Government armor plate fac
tory and the building of ships in Govern
ment yards, but when it came to surren
dering some of his convictions or submit
ting to highway robbery he would let
some of the former go. He was convinced
from what he had been able to learn that
the profit on armor plate was from 150 to
200 per cent. Wheeler said he had in his
possession a letter to prove that Krupp
armor could be produced cheaper than
Harveyized armor, but he was not at lib
erty to use it.
Wheeler created something of a sensa
tion by expressing the opinion that an
officer in the uniform of the United States
"was responsible for the armor plate
trust." He did not name the officer and
was not questioned as to whom he meant.
"Mudderl der British Are Komin'."
——New York World.
SETTLING YAQUI TROUBLES.
General Torres Adopts the Policy of
General Miles.
TUCSON, Ariz., April 18.— Advices to the
Star from Hermosillo, Sonora. Mexico,
say Governor Luis Torres has settled the
Yaqui trouble of his State.
The Yaqui force has been broken up, the
Indians returning to their homes. Gov
ernor Torres has j adopted the policy of
General Miles in the removal of the
Apaches to the Atlantic seaboard from
Arizona, which settled the Apache strug
gle. The Governor is sending the Yaquls
far into the interior of the republic of
Mexico as fast as he can gather them.
Fifteen hundred have been sent and
others will follow as fast as they are
taken. The taking of the families of the
renegades in the field Is giving good re
sults, as the renegades follow their fam
ilies. The removal policy Is accepted by
Governor Torres as the solution of the
Yaqui problem of Sonora.
Miss Frost Lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, April 17.— Judge Hyland
this morning rendered a decision uphold
ing the action of County Superintendent
Chipman In. refusing to sign the salary
warrant of Miss Blanche Frost. There
are two Boaros of Education in this dis
trict, one of which supported Miss Frost
and the other, Miss Beaulieu, who had
charge of the school before Miss Frost
was appointed. There are but fifteen
pupils In the disputed school and nines
voters In the district, four of whom are
contesting their right to be school trus
tees.
Woman's Parliament.
RIVERSIDE, April 17.— The woman's
parliament of Southern California Is in
cession, at the Methodist church. There
is a large attendance,- several delegates
coming from flections as far north as San
Francisco. The principal addresses at the
Parliament to-day were made by Mrs.
Mary E. Hart of San Francisco, Mrs.
Robert J. Burdette of -Pasadena, Mrs. C.
N. Sterry •ot Los • Angeles, Miss Kate
Basset t of Pomona and Mrs. O. T. Green
leaf of Redlands.
MRS. FENNELL FREED
OF KIDNAPING CHARGE
Her ex-Husband Failed to Appear
and Justice James Dismissed
the Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 17.— Mrs. Amanda
J. Fiske-Marceau-Fennell can now return
to San Francisco minus the felony charge
of kidnaping her boy, Theodore Marceau
Jr., that has hung over her since April 1,
when she was removed from the north
bound train at Bakersfield through a war
rant sworn to by her former husband. As
has been foreshadowed in these dis
patches, the attorneys for Mrs. Marceau,
Senator White and C. N. Pendleton, pre
pared for a desperate fight to have this
charge removed, so that the hearing, that
is set for April 23 before Judge Troutt,
would not be colored by any other feature.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon Justice
James, at the request of the District At
torney, dismissed the charge. Mrs. Mar
ceau and her witnesses were present.
Colonel Marceau was absent, so were the
witnesses and attorneys for the prosecu
tion. The non-appearance of Colonel Mar
ceau after he has exhausted every scheme
to oppress and humiliate his former wife
Is the subject of much comment. Colonel
Marceau demanded every exaction that
the law could devise that would prevent
the mother from seeing her child, and
through his attorneys last Thursday inti
mated that he feared, unless he be per
mitted to retain possession of the child,
further safeguards for Its protection
should be created.
It is rumored to-night that Colonel Mar
ceau Is in San Francisco — that he secretly
departed Sunday or Monday so that he
would not be again compelled to go on the
witness stand to face the woman he had
charged with a felony. Mrs. Marceau. who
will leave Los Angeles to-morrow or
Thursday for San Francisco, is determined
to wage a battle for her child that will
cause Colonel Marceau to know that he is
on earth.
Miner Killed.
JAMESTOWN, April 17.— While at work
In a stope in the Rawhide mine this after
noon Frank Aggase was struck on the
back by a falling rock and died about an
hour later. He was a native of France,
33 years of age, and leaves a widow and
three children*
Get Health-Get Strength.
Get Nerve-HUDYAN.
HUDYAN is the very best
remedy on earth for rebuilding
worn and broken down constitu-
tions. The effect of HUDYAN
upon feeble, nervous MEN and
WOMEN is to give color to the
cheeks, activity to the limbs and
substance to the body.
With those who take HUD-
YAN the step becomes more
firm, the mind grows more
cheerful. '-. ~ ¦-•
HUDYAN brings back "health
and vigor.
Note the numbers: They de-
scribe points of weakness that
HUDYAN reaches. HUDYAN
relieves pains and aches.
HUDYAX cures nervousness,
headaches, sleeplessness. HUD-
YAN insures perfect digestion
and creates a healthy appetite.
HUDYAN touches the liver
gently, thus giving the bowels
nature s laxative. HUDYAN
strengthens the action of the
heart. HUDYAN stimulates the
kidneys to perfect activity, in this
manner expelling all impurities
from the blood. HUDYAN is
for weak, pale, worn, haggard
men and women, and cures per-
menently.
GET HUDYAN from your
druggist. 50c a package, six
packages for $2.50. If he does not
keep it send direct to the Hudvan
Remedy Co., cor. Stockton. Ellis
and Market sts., San Francisco.
Cat
D'TTADC of tht Hudysn Remedy Co.
1 1 UK3 m , v brcmsultHhv letter
or In person. Write yonr •ymilrmn.
c end *brclrculnrs P"d testlmonla'a
of th» Great Hudynn free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE IDOL OF THE TURF.
The Most Popular Jockey in America
and England Recommends Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
No jockey has ever appealed so strongly
to public favor as Tod Sloan.
He has achieved more than his most
noted predecessors ever attempted and
stands in a class by himself.
Not satisfied with his successes in his
native country, he went to England and
now his fame as a successful horseman is
on the tip of every tongue not only in
this country and England, but in every
section of the globe where racing has
found favor.
When Tod first went to England his
temerity was openly laughed at, but the
little American played skittles with his
English rivals and his victories made all
England gasp.
Having the stamp of royal approval, so-
ciety both at home and abroad "lionize"
him and he is feted and petted to an ex-
tent that would turn an ordinary mortal's
head.
The great Jockey was in such demand
socially and dined and wined to such an
extent that It was feared his health
would give way. Too much society and
the nervous strain of racing told on him.
A two weeks' trip to America made him
acquainted with Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and their remarkably restorative
effects on, a depleted digestive apparatus
and he recommended them In ] unstinted
terms to a friend, saying. "Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are the best thing I know
of for keeping the stomach In condition
and appetite in good repair."
Thousands of former dyspeptics can
vo"uch for the truth of Tod Sloan's words,
as "Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets" have be-
come a household word in. America and
few families are without them. One or
two taken after meals keep the stomach
sweet by causing prompt and healthy di-
gestion of the food.
Perfectly healthy people use them after
heavy dinners, to keep their good health
and to make sure that no ill effects will
follow an unusually hearty meal.
Your druggißt will tell you or your doc-
tor either that Btuart'B Dyßpepsia Tablets
are composed only of digestive ferments,
Asceptic Pepsin, Hydraßtis, fruit acids,
etc.. and for the strong stomach as well
as the moat : delicate constitute a safe-
guard against Indigestion and stomach
troubles. HHfi
General Gilmore Ill.
WASHINGTON, April 17.— General John
C. Gilmore, adjutant general of the army,
Is seriously 111. '¦¦¦- ¦'-";;¦¦%>¦£*¦¦¦¦ -.-. %' -
MRS. BRASH
FILES SUIT FOR
MAINTENANCE
Claims Her Husband Has
Failed to Support Her
and Their Child.
He Has Been Known as a "Jolly
Good Fellow" and the Couple
Have Valuable Commu
nity Property.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 17.— A suit that will
come as a surprise to San Jose society
was begun here to-day by Mrs. Georgi
ana Braslan against her husband, Charles
P. Braslan, for maintenance. Braslan is a
well-known seedsman and during the past
two years of his residence here has cut
a wide swath because of his generosity
among the young bloods and business
men, while his wife is well known in
society.
The couple were married in ISDI in Chi
cago and have a child 6 years old. Ac
cording to the complaint iiled by Attor
ney J. E. Richards this afternoon, Bras
lan deserted his wife last October, and
while he has been a jolly good fellow with
his friends on the street, he has refused
to furnish support for his wife and child.
Everybody supposed the couple lived
happily, and the suit is a great surprise.
For the past few months Braslan has
been in the East and a few weeks ago he
returned to San Francisco.
Mrs. Braslan wants 5150 per month for
her maintenance. It is. said there is com
munity property valued at $20,000.
Braslan is one of the best-known seeds
men in the United States. For a number
of years he was at the head of a large
seed firm in Chicago and had many con
tracts with the Agricultural Department
for furnishing Government seeds. A few
years ago the firm failed and he came to
California, locating here. When the
Union Bank failed, as representative of
the Union Trust Company, he tried to se
cure a place on the Board of Directors,
but failed. He afterward appealed to the
courts, but lost. He is deeply interested
in seed growing in this State and last
year, with Charles Parker of Santa Clara,
obtained the Government contract for
supplying seeds to the Agricultural De
partment. >-.::¦¦•'..¦-¦
HOAR APPEALS
TO HIS PARTY.
Urges a Complete Abandonment
of the Movement Toward
Imperialism.
Venerable Massachusetts Senator's Plea for
Adherence to the Cherished Ideals
of the Republic.
i_ ¦
/WASHINGTON. April 17.— For more
•than thn-e hours to-d.iy Hoar, the senior
Senator from Massachusetts. occupied
the attention of the Senate with a speech
In opposition to the policy of "imperial-
Ism," upon which he maintained this Gov
ernment had embarked. As prepared, the
address was fifty thousand words In
length, but Hoar omitted much of It ow
ing to an incipient attack of the grippe,
from which he was suffering. He spoke
for three hours, and while It was a tre
mendous strain on him, the more Impor
tant paragraphs of the argument were
delivered with force and vi^or.
The speech was brlllianny written, was
illuminated with splendid rhetorical fig
ures and was rich with citations from his
tory. One of the notable parts of the ad
dress was the eulogy of Aguinaldo. Hoar
did not liken the insurgent leader to
Washington, as has been done heretofore,
but to Kossuth, Oom Paul, Joubert, Na
than Hale and other builders of the
church of liberty. In statecraft he liken
ed Aguinaldo and his associates In the
leadership of the Filipinos to the best
minds ever produced in the Asiatic race —
a race which handed* down to us "the
scriptures of the old and new testaments,
the poetry of David, the eloquence of j
Isaiah," the wisdom of Solomon and the j
profound philosophy of St. Paul."
One of the most effective parts of the j
address was his fancied roilcall of some ;
of the distinguished statesmen of the j
United States on the question of the re- ;
tention of the Philippines. He began with ;
George Washington and closed with Wil- ;
liara McKlnley, each in a sentence giving j
the reason for his vote. Every vote was !
la the negative except that of Aaaron !
Burr, who voted "yes," and said:
"You are repeating my buccaneering
expedition down the Mississippi. I am to ;
be vindicated at last."
When the name of William McKlnley j
was called he replied:
"There has betii a cloud before my vis- j
ion for a moment, but I see clearly now; !
1 eo back to what I said two years ago: j
"Forcible annexation is criminal aggres- :
sion: Governments derive their just power I
Irom the consent of the governed — not j
tome of them, but all of them.' I will ;
stand with the fathers of the republic. I
will stand with the founders of the Re
publican party. No."
The effect was dramatic. As Hoar pro
nounced his peroration the stillness In the
chamber was intense. Applause swept j
over the galleries, but it was hushed j
quick, y by the President pro tern.
Protests Against Empire.
Hoar took for his text the resolution of
Beveridge of Indiana, declaring that the
Philippine Islands are territory belonging |
t.. the United States, and that the United I
States Government must govern the ¦
archipelago. He requested his colleagues !
not to interrupt him in the course of his i
Fpeech, indicating that the state of his i
health rendered it undesirable that he j
should enter into a running debate.
Hoar began by speaking of the prosper- ]
oua condition of the American people at i
the- close of the war with Spain. He told '<
at the clary of the conflict and of the \
victory in the interest of liberty. He [
j<r::is<-d President McKinley's course at j
shat time, saying that, in his Judgment. ',
he was the best beloved President who j
ever sat in the chair at Washington. Con
tinuing, he said:
The American people, eo far as I know. ¦
were a!l agreed that their victory brought
v;»h It the responsibility of protecting the
inint*i& - peoples » from the cupidity of an7 I
otter ;."\v*-r until they could establish their I
ov.n in^ptridenee in freedom und In honor.
I Etand here to-day to plead with you not i
to abandon the principle* that have brought '
tboae th'.n&s *o pass. I Implore you to keep :
tu the policy that has made the country great.
•. :.;t has made the Republican party treat, that .
lias rr.a'lo the President great. If. when we
jr.ade the treaty of peace, we had adhered to
the purpose we declared when we declared
var; if we !.a<3 deaJt with the Philippine |
I^iand? as we deal, have dealt and expect to
d~.-ii with Cuba, we would have escaped the ,
lt«* of SOW brave soldiers and other thousands
Of wrecked and shattered lives and the expendi
ture of hundreds of millions, and. what Is far ]
worse than a!!, the trampling under foot of •
our cherished Ideals.
I <5o not c-xpect to accomplish anything for •
liberty [a the Philippine Islands except through ;
the Republican party. Upon it the fate of
tbeae island* for years to come Is to depend, j
I cannot took with any favor on Mr. Bryan as :
an alternative.
I believe not only that perseverance in the !
present policy will be the abandonment of the ;
principles upon which our Government Is i
founded, that It will chanre our republic into
tn empire, that cur methods of legislation, of
diplomacy, erf administration, must hereafter
lie thi.'se which bejonr to empires and not those
which belong to republics; but I believe per
pistence '.n this attempt will result in the
<Jfath and overthrow of the Republican party.
The Expansion of Despotism.
Touching upon the constitutionality of
the question at issue, Mr. Hoar said:
I hold that this acquisition of territory held- '
lr.i? and jrmem'.r.g. "an be or.ly the means for !
a constitutional end. And I maintain that
you can no more held and covem territory
than you can hold and manage cannon or Ceets
for any other than a constitutional end.
Hoar then traversed the constitutional
and international field of the Philippine
controversy, covering much of the sam<»
ground h«» and others have covered here- I
tofoTf in the pending Cisrufsion.
Adverting to the authority toi be found j
in the Declaration of Independence for ex
pansion. Hoar declared:
There Is expansion enough in It, but It Is the
expansion of freedom and not of despotism; of
life, not of death. Never was euch growth in
all human history as that from the seed
Thomas Jefferson planted. It ha* covered the
continent. It has taken In South America. It
Is revolutionizing Europe. It Is the expansion
of freedom. It differs from your tinsel, plnch
beek. pewter expansion as the growth of a
healthy youth Into a strong man differs from
the expansion of an anaconda when he swal
lows his victim. Ours Is the expansion of
Thomas Jefferson. Yours Is the expansion of
Aaron Burr. It Is destined to as short a life
and to a like fate. In every accession of ter
ritory to this country ever made we recognized
fully the doctrine of consent of the governed
and the doctrine that territory so acquired
must be had to be made into States.
Tou have tried governing men of other races
than your own at home for a hundred years.
You have dealt with the Indian, you have dealt
with the negro, clone at hand, knowing all
about them. And now you go forth to lay
your yoke on ten millions of them. I suppose
you feel encouraged by your success. There are
ten millions more, seven thousand miles away,
of whom you know nothing. You go forth
Jauntily and txiastlngly, as Louis Napoleon
went to meet his doom at Sedan.
Hoar discussed at great length the Fili
pino rebellion and the causes which, in his
opinion, led up to it. He made an earnest
and vigorous defense of the Filipinos, es
pecially of Aguinaldo, who. he declared,
was "brave, honest and patriotic." In the
course of his eulogy of Ag~ulnaldo he said:
He deserves to be remembered with that
small band who have given life and everything
dearer than life to their country In a losing
cause. He shall live with Kossuth, with Oom
Paul, with Joubert, with Emmet, with Eg
mont and Horn, with Nathan Hale, with War
ren, with all the great martyrs of history
whose blood has been the seed of the Church
of Liberty.
Hoar maintained his well-known posi
tion that the Filipinos had achieved their
independence; that the United States had
made them its ally and was bound to rec
ognize their Independence, and that they
had proved themselves fit for such Inde
pendence and capable of self-government.
As one bit of proof of their statecraft he
declared:
The Ftate papers of Agulnaldo, the discussion
of the law of nations by his attorney general,
the masterly appeal of Mabini, are products
of the Asiatic mind. They are not unworthy
of the Asiatic mind, the vehicle through which
came to us the Scriptures of the Old and New
Testament, the poetry of David, the eloquence
of Isaiah, the wisdom of Solomon, the pro
found philosophy of Paul.
Our Duty to the Filipinos.
The Senator presented an elaborate de
fense of the Filipinos against the charge
that they were responsible for the present
war, jpstifying their action in resisting
the American forces.
As an illustration of what he would do
with the Philippines, Hoar said:
I would declare that we would not take these
Islands to govern them against their will.
I would reject a cession of sovereignty which
implied that sovereignty may be bought and
pold and delivered without the consent of the
people.
I would require all foreign Governments to
keep out of these islands.
I would offer to the people of the Philippines
our help In maintaining order until they have
a reasonable opportunity to establish a Gov
ernment of their own.
I would aid them by advice. If they desire
It. to Bet up a free and independent Govern
ment.
I would Invite all the great powers of Europe
to unite in an agreement that that Independence
shall not be interfered with.
I woi:M declare that the United States will
enforce the fame doctrine as applicable to the
Philippines ..that we declared as "to Mexico and
Heyti anl the South American republic*.
I would then, in a not distant future. l«ave
them to work out their own salvation, an every
nation on earth s'nee the beginning of time has
wrought out its own salvatir n.
In the course of his remarks Hoar
quoted a paragraph from a recent speech
of Tillman of South Carolina, in which
the latter said that the people of the South
hnd shot negroes, stuffed ballot-boxes and
finally had taken from the negro the
rights granted by the fourteenth and fif
teenth amendments. Tillman rose to in
terrupt him. but Hoar declined to yield,
paying:
I have alluded to the Senator from South
Carolina only to quote his own words and to
pay that he Is beyond all question one of the
most powerful an 3 conspicuous leaders of the
Democratic party. I take it that the Senator
dr>»« not consider that as an aspersion.
(Laughter.)
Hoar spoke for three hours and ten min
utes. As he concluded applause swept
over the galleries. Many of his colleagues
especially those on the Democratic side)
congratulated him.
Auburn's New Mayor.
Special Dlfptaeh to The Call.
AUBURN, April 17.— The new Board of
City Trustees organized to-night and
elected J. W. Morgan Mayor for the fourth
time. The new board promises to bo one
of progression. Among the improvements
Boon to fee made is the building of a street
railway and the extending of the sewer
system.
•-
Eslabe in Death Chamber.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. April 17.—
Joaquln Eslabe, who murdered an aged
tamale vender in Oakland, will hang for
his crime on Monday, April 23. Eslabe
was taken to the death chamber to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
SHIPPERS MUST
PAY THE WAR TAX
Text of Supreme Court Decision
From Which Justices Harlan
and McKenna Dissent.
Special Dispatch to the Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. April
17.— The Supreme Court of the United States yesterday decided that express com
panies may add the price of the one-cont stamp required to be affixed to their
receipts for shipment of goods to the rates charged for transportation. There
were two cases before the court, the opinion being delivered In that of the Ameri
can Express Company vs. F. A. Maynard. Attorney General, on relation of
George F. Aloore and five other citizens of Michigan.
The latter brought suit for a writ of mandamus against the express company
to prohibit It from adding the price of the stamp to the rates in existence, aver
ring that they were Just and reasonable, but would be rendered unjust and un
reasonable if the price of the stamp were added to them. It waa also claimed
that the war revenue act Imposed the duty of affixing the stamp upon the ex
press company and that it could not be shifted to another. The express com
pany answered that no duty was imposed on it to furnish and affix the stamp by
act of Congress, but if it were the matter was left optional or open to contract
between the company and Its customers.
The Supreme Court of Michigan decided that it was the duty of the company
to furnish the stamps; that it was not optional nor open to contract; that the
rates put in force by the company were a subterfuge to evade the law and that
the company was forbidden to increase its rates. It declared the increased rato
illegal and made the mandamus permanent, and the express company appealed.
Justice White announced the decision of the United States Supreme Court,
discussing at some length the terms and effect of the war revenue act. He con
cluded that there was no intimation in the act that the ultimate burden of the tax
must rest on the company. If that were the case, he said, the act would not only
be a tax law, but would regulate every transaction possible In human society
under it. Every tax act, he continued, would destroy the power of contract, the
freedom of human transaction and regulate the cost of production and the price
of labor. The court could not agree that rates Just and reasonable couM be
rendered unjust and unreasonable by the addition of the tax. The judgment of
the Michigan Supreme Court was reversed and the case remanded.
In the case of William Crawford vs. the treasurer of the Adams Express
Company on a certificate from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, the court
answered in the negative the question, "Is an express company precluded by the
war revenue act from relieving itself of the expense of affixing and canceling
stamps required to be attached to receipts?"
Justices Harlan and McKenna dissented, holding that the act Imposed the
duty of affixing stamps upon receipts and that the question of shifting the bur
den was one to be decided by the State courts. They approved the judgment of
the Michigan court.
mof series i
|| ends next' jgj
11 Saturday M
|i-f| f^EXT Saturday night at eleven l|v|
|.^| o'clock, when we close the store, j^Klf
|-:§ we will close the sale of the blue |*JV
|:;";| serge suits — those popular suits that j|;^
|:^f we have been talking about for the g^
i;-H past ten weeks. R:^
¦3-'" ; *S I^S"-' 1 en
yji" JF you want to do as many others & : . : !
I^l have done, buy one of those |:'r«
fashionable suits. You have the satis- J:vf|
Bf;| faction of knowing that you are get- ijl
!^| ting a good, serviceable, well made, |||
pi popular suit at a saving price — it will
0:11 cost you but MM
SS ALTHOUGH there are at present I*s!
|£{p plenty of suits and sizes, you will jf^l?
| }'¦% find it much to your advantage to |jj||
%i* ¦ come before Saturday. When a sale fj:&:
J ?:| clo c es of such suits as these for only t:M
|-;| $10, people naturally take advantage K:"i||
l:i| of it, ar.d we know Saturday will see ft 'fa
Wss the store crowded all day. F ; :-:g
p| Boys' Washable Suits pi
|~ a' This sale is for a limited time. l"?M
t : /:% Washable suits made of covert cloth, *SS
|y| with suitable trimming, sailor pants; \}M
a S es 3- t0 IO years ; they come in six .vS
I^P different shades. iMake good outing 2"p
§;jjf suits for the boys. K;:||
| :.|| Also sailor suits of brown che- tM
|;M viot, with short pants; ages 3to 10 \M
|-:| These two values will be sold :Jhj
p ••' a for a short time for !: ; ;^
r-' '•** "'" Ci 3
'"- t'M out-of-town orders filled, but write us imme- . fc v" g§
£v ; : f| diaiely, ihtn we can assure you of sending you a suit. P"i*J3
"*2l 0 " i?i •"¦ft
|-«| 718 Market Street. * g-?||
3
PRENTISS CARPENTER,
MAYOR OP PLACERVILLE.T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train acros* the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Fka.n-cisco:
I P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect- with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS p# m> wilh Pala « and Tonnst
r\ a it v c2ir% tor Kansas City, St. Louis.
UAILY Chicag-o and Eas.t.
Local trains Vtween Stockton, VAI IPY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlajre rVrtlr/
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 629
'FRISCO SOON Market Street, Phcne Mai a
kiov-u ouu« 1531; Oak , and< v , BBroad .
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
SantA Clara Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
FIRST CHOICES
BROKE EVEN AT
TANFORAN PARK
Rollick and Sardine Managed
to Strike in Very
Soft Spots.
There was nothing strikingly out of the
common about the racing at Tanforan
Park yesterday. Three favorites jogged
In first, while a like number were counted
out. Little Ranch continued his good sad
dle work by piloting three winners.
The hardy Burns & Waterhouse young:-
Fter Rollick fell in with a mediocre bunch
In the "opening dash, winning as he
pleased at odds of 3 to o. Ada N took the
place from Carllee.
A big bunch of sixteen celling platers
lined up in the five and a half-furlong
pprtnt following, with Genua ruling a 9 to
f. choice. The favorite broke first, and
after leading throughout won hard ridden
from Don Luis, a 15 to 1 chance. Beau
monde. at long odds, ran into the show.
An Hl-aFsorted cluster of three-year-old
maidens faced the barrier in the third
number, with Young Morello ruling a 17
to 10 choice. Little Ranch astride Ed
pardo, a 5 to 1 chance, quickly showed
first, and was eased up In front of St.
Oermaln and Reginald Hughes at the
¦wire. The latter was disqualified and the
show jrlven to the favorite.
Jockey Powell's alertness in leaving the
post In the mile celling run with Maydlne
undoubtedly gave him the race. Never
headed, the bay filly downed Tizona, the
contender throughout, half a length In a
rlow run affair. Prestome seemed full of
run until Morgan let him down, when he
died away apparently.
Corrigan's Sardine, thrown In with a
quartet of cheap ones in the fifth recital,
•walked in first at odds of 3 to 10. Imp
Mistral lost the place to Rapido by a
head.
Mary Kinsclla, second choice in the
rinjr. cut out the running in the lai<t and
beat Ace a head on the wire. The favor-
He, Fashion Plate, was unplaced.
Track Notes.
Jockey Morgan was indefinitely sus
pended for a ride on Prestome that did
rot suit the Judges. Magrane'e horse is
a very cheap and uncertain piece of rac
ing hardware to test a boy"s honesty on.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Four and a half furlonr*; two
year-old maiden colts and geldings ; purse.
lir,M! El Karn 104 ' 10&6 Ira model 1 114
10f« Woeful 107 ; 107S PepaJonif 1U
977 Jim Hale 1L» i ICSO Camltaceres ...111
IW* Follow Me 110 : 10S6 Illiouon 107
10*6 Grafter 107 i IM2 Phil Archlb'ld.lH
ICW Briton l»7 ! ICS6 Articulate n;
10S8 Billy Ly0n5... .10? »41 Forbes 107
Second raoe — Six furlong*; four- year-old* and
upward: rellln*.
IWS K«plrando 106 1033 I Don't Know.lOC
<107f)Ama«a l« 1000 Jingle Jingle. ..lol
10*7 Jennie He1d. ...107 10SJ Bonibefc- 101
IC9» Morimra in« OOS2)Th ory no
I(*7 Afrh&o io»i «« Maxello 10J
lit* Ctts4fc.it iC3, JOS7 Uterp 101
Third race— One mile; three-year-old 6 and ud
ward; purse.
(1103)Morinel 1071 aOT2)Rosinante 107
11W Flamora 94 <944) La Goleta 107
(1100)Mort«age ggl nO2 Fonr.ero ..'..'.l'.iog
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles
three-year-olds and upward! selling-.
vm Castake X'?! 1101 Captive no
«SLJ** W Moon •••• I°2;1 ° 2 ; m- r >3 Duke of York.ir.4
«^)Lpr.a 107 (109«I/djr M-ddlcem.3o3
1101 Opponent 107! 1103 Montallade ...107
1101 Gauntlet 106 1 CKi97)Cromwell 107
Fifth race— Five furlongs; three- year-olds and
upwards; purse. •:;:-,..,
Jri^i! vf ' r r, Mal ' 1 ---- 134 ! "** »r. Sheppard.,l39
l«si Miss Rowena.. l34 KM St. Oasimlr 121
10S2Gold Bug 136 (933) Bagdad 7. ."..7.121
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds; Belling
109S March Seven.. .lo2; 10SS Fille dOr 102
K,f-5 Expedient 114 1%; Formatus ' 'IOJ
loss Swiftwater ....112 10S3 Jolly Briton '.'.ilM
Seventh raoe— One and a sixteenth miles
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
572 Faunette 1021 1103 Einstein 104
570 Maenus 104 ! 1076 Wild Het ... ,102
1194 Poorlands 100 i lflM Facade .. '103
1107 La Borgia S7. 1071 Sir Hampton.!'. 88
1090 Stromo 100| 1103 Tekla 91
1097 Inverary II 104! 1105 Yule "102
10S2 Rosalbra ..10?; 1102 Jael '102
1108 Rapido 104! 1097 Pongo 107
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Grafter, Jim Hale, Phil Archi
bald. .
Second race— Theory. Jennie Reid, Amaia.
Third race— La Goleta. Mort(ra«e, Flamora,
Fourth race— Lady Meddlesome. Gauntlet,
Opponent.
Fifth race— Bt. Caslmlr. Miss Rowena, Dr.
Eheppard.
Sixth race— Decoy, Expedient, Formatus.
Seventh race— Faunette, Einstein, Stromo.
nications pent out are signed by Alex
ander T. Vogelsang, Charles B. Gould and
H. W. Keller, who compose the Board- of
Fish Commissioners. The following have
been suggested for delegates at large to
the proposed game protective convention:
W. W. Van Ar*dale. Slskiyou; Dr. T. J.
E<3«recotnh. Shasta ;¦ Jernes .11. Morrison, Sacra
mento- Hon. J. W. Huphes. Pacramento; C. N.
Toft, Mcmmcnto; A. W. Simpson. Stockton;
F. D. Nleol. Ftocktr.n; J. R. Leppo, Santa Ro*a;
Hompr Frltch. Petaluma; Dr. I. W. Hays,
Grays Valley; \V. J. Matthews, Oakland; Dr.
P. E. Knowles. Alameda: Dr. A. M. Barker,
San Jose; I>r. Georfre, Antloch; Hon. C. M.
Uelshaw. Antir>ch; W. P. Taylor. San Rafael;
W. S>. Tevly. Bakersfield; Colonel D. E. Miles,
Fan Francisco; Charles S. Wheeler, San Fran
c:*co; T. J. Pherwood. Marysvllle; Hnn. J. N.
Gillette. Humboldt, Dr. W. E. OV>oke, Hum
boldt; Hen. J. J." Luchslnger, VaTleJo; M. J
Greany. Pan Francisco; Hon. Thomas Flint,
fan Benito; Aliien Anderson, Suisun; A. V. La
Motte. Uklah; William P. Thomas. Vklah; F
O. Fanborn. Fan Francisco; Andy D. Ferjru'son
Fresno; R. F. Johnson, Monterey;- John K. Orr*
Oakland: C W. Hibbarl, San Francisco; H. T
Payne. San Francisco; Merton C Allen, Saii
Francisco; J. X. Dewitt, ProiTssor Leverett
Loomis. Pan Francisco; Dr. David Starr Jor
dan. Palo Alto; Professor George C. EM wards
Berkeley; T. I. O'Rrien. city; W. O. Kerck
hoff. Los Anpelec: F. W. Emery, Pasadena-
Kupene E. Maxwell. Sacramento; J. M. Kll-
Bariff. Fan Frano[*ro; E. C. Tallant. Santa Bar
bara; Amirrrw Jackson. Sonoma; A. W Brun
ner. Facrarr.ento; James Matfleld. Ix>« Angeles -
J- H. Schumacher, Los Angeles, Joe E. Terry'
Facramento.
Chinese Hangs Himself.
Yee Mon. a Chinese cook, was found
suspended from the rafters in his room a.t
916 Stockton street last night. He was
cut down by the Coroner's deputies- and
his body taken to the Morgue. The body
had every indication of having been hang
ing for many hours. No cause for the act
can be discovered. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ARTHUR DEERING, BURGLAR, AND HIS TOOLS.
e jn? RTHUIt DEERING, an Ingenious
// \\ burglar, was arrested yesterday
/f~~^ afternoon by Detectives Wren,
Dinan and Cody and Al Lean, the
wrestler an dtralner, after a hot chase of
several blocks, and was locked up In the
"tanks" pending an investigation as to
the number of burglaries he has commit
ted. Wren and Dinan were familiar with
his mode of operations, and when they
learned that a burglary had been com
mitted at Mrs. Lowe's lodging-house. 232
Stockton street, early on Monday morn
ing they knew that Deering was In town
and started out to look for him.
They were on a Sutter-street car yester
day afternoon, and near Jones street they
saw Deering. He had seen them first, and
covered his face with a handkerchief. Thft
detectives jumped off the car and Deer
ing commenced to run. He ran to Taylor
street, from Taylor to Post, Post to Ma
son, Mason to Geary, where Detective
Cody and Al Lean Joined in the chase.
Deering continued his flight, and at Wil
liam street threw away a "jimmy ' and a
contrivance which he had made for
opening doors. At O'Farrell and Jones
streets Lean overtook him and laid him
out with a stiff punch on the stomach.
About eight months ago Wren and
Dinan were notified that a burglary had
been committed at the lodging-house-, 514
Bush street, kept by Mrs. Delbos, and
some money and articles of jewelry were
stolen. It looked like Deering's work, but
they missed him, as he went to Los An
geles, where he was arrested for a similar
job. but was discharged. Within the past
few days he has operated in the lodging
houses on Turk and Jones streets, 120
Bush street. 317 Mason, and Mrs. Lowe's.
232 Stockton, besides many others. At
Mrs. Lowe's he stole $200 in coin, a lady's
gold watch, a pair of diamond earrings
and other articles, among them two $2 50
gold coins, which were found In his
pocket when searched at the City Prison.
Deering is an electrician and first came
into the notice of the police In January.
1597. when he was arrested by Wren and
Dinan. as he was suspected of having
committed a number of burglaries. When
searched a dirk knife and seven skeleton
m>i riii.iiN ivuiric innr«.iT.
IrAcinc imul,)
Trains ln«»r m.i.i nr» «•••« •«» nrrlt* »l
HAH »"lt » >«ih« «».
(Main Line. Kooc of >i:>rket Street.)
MANAGER BISHOP CALLS TIME ON AH WING AND JACKSON.
TOMMY WHITE
GIVES McGOVERN
A HARD TUSSLE
Goes Six Fast Rounds and
Has the Better of It
in the Last
CHICAGO. April 17.— Tommy White of
Chicago went six fast rounds with Terry
McGovern of Brooklyn to-night, finished
strong and had the better of the last
round. The fight was at 130 pounds, both
men being below that, although the exact
weights were not given out. McGovern
did not from appearances have more than
two or three pounds the worst of the
weight.
By an agreement of the principals no
decision was to be rendered if both men
were on their feet at the end of the sixth
round. McGovern probably would have
received the decision if one had been ren
dered, as he was en the aggressive from
start to finish. White keeping very largely
on the defensive. He at times took the
aggressive and jabbed McGovern in the
most clever manner with his left.
Though McGovern set a terrific pace In
the opening round. White was very cool
and confident. In one of Terry's rushes
Tommy went to the fioor from a hard ieft
on the head. White took the limit, but
came up strong. A moment later McGov
ern swung ri>?nt and left, missing both,
and fell to the Uoor from the force of his
blows. He was up immediately and
wrestled quite to the floor. • When Tommy
came up he landed a right on Terry's ear.
A left hook on the chin dropped White
just as the gong sounded.
Terry continued to rush in the second,
and again Tommy went to the floor, Ter
ry's right and left on the face and two
lefts on the chin doing the business. In this
iound Terry put a hard left on White's
eye, breaking the skin. The wound bled
badly throughout the following rounds.
White made a better showing in the
third round, landing several blows, but
just before the bell McGovern landed a
hard right on the stomach that put White
down for a five county
Terry continued to set the pace in the
fourth round, putting in a perfect shower
of blows that kept Tommy constantly
breaking ground. At the cjose of the
round White landed a left hook on the
face, a right to the Jaw and followed with
two left jabs on Terry's mouth.
In the fifth round Terry went at his
man like a whirlwind, and though White
was staggered by the repeated swings on
his head, he -recovered and returned sev
eral hard ones. A hard right on Tommy's
nose brought blood. Then Terry Jabbed
the sore eve twice. At the bell Tommy
was bleeding badly and his seconds gave
him whisky.
McGoyern opened the closing round with
a rush, but fought wildly and missed most
of his blows. Tommy finally stood and
put a hard' left on McGovern's jaw. send-
Ing him back as he came in. McGovern
put a hard left on Tommy's mouth and a
hard right to the ribs. Then Terry rush
ed, but received a hard ripht uppercut on
the Jaw which straightened him up. Again
he rushed, but received the same dose.
He tried it again, but got another upper
cut, and the crowd cheered wildly as
Tommy jabbed the Brooklyn boy three
times with his left on the face. McGov
ern fought wildly, trying for a knockout.
Tommy rtanced out of the way and serft
Terry's head back with a stiff left and
uppercut with his right. White then Jab
bed five straight lefts to the mouth as
Terry followed him around the ring, each
time blocking Terry's wild swings. They
were clinched on '-the ropes as the bell
rang.
The crowd of SOOO persons went wild at
White's splendid showing and the build-
Ing rang with cheers at the end of every
round. At the end of the fight the crowd
went crazy with yells for White.
The betting: before the fight was 10 to 8
that White would not stay the six rounds.
•In one of the preliminaries Barney Con
ners defeated Billy Elmer of San Fran
cisco In the third round, the fight being
stopped "by Referee Siler.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC FLfIILWA/
Bts*aj-hMt»d. aloMd car oa aS tralni7
Fraacl^o ta BvmmiCl^Sttun.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry.
Commencing October 1, 1899.
VROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILJL. VALXJTt
AND SAN RAFAKL.
WEEK DATS— »7:OO, "S:*). 11:00 a. xa.: 1:0,
•1:40. 5:15. 8:00. 6:30 d. m..
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill ValUy and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at *:00 and 11:30 d. m.
BUNDATB— •»:(», *19:00, ni:SO a. m.; nilAj
1:15. M:45. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to Ban Quentln.
JTIiOM BAN RAFAEL TO, SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:2S. Hilß, 7:45. *a:4O a. m-j
•13 :*0. 8:15. 'J^O, »t:l5 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ao4
Saturdays at (:40 and 10:16 p. m.
BUNDATB— «:»- »8:00. 'IOtW. ni:4s a. m.|
•1:40. *2:15. 4:45. *t:10 d. m.
Trains marked <•) start from Ban Quenttn.
VROM MILL VALLET TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— B :4S. 1:45. 7:65. 9:45 ,a. m.|
13:35, 2:35. 3:45, B:tO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
taturdayi at 7:90 and 10 :» cm. ¦¦-
BUNDATB— «:CS. 10: M a. m.: 11:05. 1:15, VM,
1:00. t:iS p. m. WZMSk
THROUGH TRAINS.
fiOO a. ra. week d»ys— Cat*d«roand waystatton*
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Totnales and way stations.
l; 00 a. m. Bundajr«—Tosuaea ana w«r lUUoaa,
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Oeyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Clover<la!e
for the Oeysers: at Hodani for Dunran
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. I-akeport and Bartle'tt
|pr ngs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Delt Lake Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pnmn, Potter Vallpv
John Day's, Riverside. LWley's. BueknpirV
Panhedrln Heights. Hullvllle Orr"» Tint
Springs. Mendnrtno City. Fort Bragg w'st-
port. Usal. Wllltts. Laytonvllle. rfcmnilE
v " KurKa""' "' ° Uen '"' *»<? bS**
redSced d rates° Monday rouaa trlß tickets at
£g&BSSiff Market
General Manager. Pen! Pas» AgVnt
7:30 am S:0O am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:13 pm S:CO pm Glen Ellen. (t:(C pm t-JO pm
RIFLEMEN STILL FAIL
TO NAME THEIR RANGE
Unable to Agree Upon the location
of the Place for the Rifle Tour
nament of Next Year. .
The delegates to the National Schuetz
enbund axe unable to agree in the matter
of selecting the range for the big rifle
tournament of 1901. Captain Fred Schu
man of Schuetzen Park range and Captain
L. Siobe of Shell Mound both bid for the
tournament. Each promised to make the
necessary alterations ln'their premises. To
each proposition there was an objection
In the case of the San Rafael range the
distance from San Francisco was too
great and too much time would be lost
in traveling. In the case of Shell Mound
the park has been rented to a Scottish
organization for the Fourth of July— the
middle of the tournament. However, the
proprietor of each range has his friends in
the bund, and pressure has been brought
to bear upon the delegates.
A short time ago the Marin County Rifle
Club Was organized, and came Into the
bund about the same time the San Jose
Rifle Club sent- Its delegates. This gave
those in favor of SchueUen Park a small
majority. However, the Shell Mound con
tingent was not asleep, and the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club, which once with
drew its delegates because the business of
the bund was transacted in the German
language, wai Induced to renew its affilia
tion. The bund met recently and the mat
ter of selecting the park was dlaoussed
and flnallv voted upon. There were two
ballots taken, resulting In a tie of 27 to 27,
President R. Finking did not like the po
sition he was placed In and refused to cast
the deciding vote. The whole matter was
therefore postponed until the next month
ly meeting, when It must be decided.
For Racing Chart See Page 11.
COAST DIVISION (JlioaiMin.istr).
(Third and Townseml St*.)
Pitcher Doyle to Be Released.
SACRAMENTO. April 17.— Butler, one of
the managers of the Gilt Edge BaJl Team,
to-day disposed of his interest therein to
Arthur Beebe. It seems that Butler's
partner favored releasing Pitcher Doyle,
which Butler opposed. It is thought that
Doyle will soon be released.
Men's calf shoes, worth $2.50, for $1.25 a
pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market st*
COUSt IH VIMON (.larronr l.iißKe).
( Foot ¦ f Mirkvt Sr r».-t. >
ANGLERS AND HUNTERS
TO MEET IN CONVENTION
Fish Commissioners Issue a Call for
a Meeting — Protection of Fish
and Game the Object.
At the request of a large number of
citizens of this State who are Interested
in the protection and preservation of the
Frame animals, birds and fishes of Cali
fornia, the State Board of Fish Commis
sioners has called a pen^ral convention to
open in this city on May 2i and continue
for three days. A communication to that
end wa* pent to the Boards of Supervisors
of the various counties of the State Invit
ing them to appoint two delegates to at
tend the session.
The purpose of the convention will be
to deliberate upon and formulate a just
and comprehensive general law for the
letter protection and propagation of
came, in the hop* that at the nrxt session
of the Legislature they -will be enacted
into law and remain on the statute book
for many years without subjection to con
tinual biennial amendment. The commu-
scientiously and are reported to be in fine
fettle. Purteil and Jackson are evenly
matched and ought to put up a fine bat
tle. Henry Lewis, the local colored pugil
ist who is to fight "Bob" Thompson of
Los Angeles twenty rounds, is prepared
to pive his opponent a hard fight.
Ah Wing, the Chinese fighter, is pre
pared to make Mike Welsh, who has been
Fubstituted. for Dobson. look like "30
cents." He has trained with Jackson and
has improved greatly.
The following communication to the
sporting editor is self-explanatory:
Spirtir.fi: Editor The Call— My Dear Sir: Over
a week back I requested Dan Crowky, the
Columbia Club's manager, to ask the poolrooms
in this- city not to handle any money on the
contest between Young Peter Jackson and Pad
dy Purteil. I did this because there has been
bo many fake flpht* of late and I wanted to
convince the general public that Jackson was
an honest flehter. Th>> poolrooms are all right,
tut they are of no benefit to us and the sooner
they quit Belling pools on glove contests the
letter it will be Icr every fighter who is am
bltioup to become an honept ringster. Jackson
wants to fight for the gate money, not for the
pools sold, and I request the public not to Ta
per a cent on the result. If the poolrooms do
not clOFe to that contest it is then Up to the
public and by their refraining from betting
more on the content they will confer upon
Jackson and myself a favnr that will be ap
preciated. Very truly, BIDDY UISHOP,
Manager for Young Peter Jackson.
SAIUEtOAD TBAVEL.
THE Columbia Athletic Club manag
ers have decided to bring off their
regular monthly exhibition in Wood
ward's Pavilion to-morrow night,
despite the ordinance passed by the
Supervisors which only permits of
one contest a month. . They were
advised yesterday by their attorney,
George W. Collins, to carry out their in
tention and wore directed by him to place
their advertisements on the street. Act
ing on his advice, the club will boom the
fight and will inform the public that if
they are unable to carry out their project
the money will be refunded. If nece<=-
Fary Attorney Collins will secure an in
junction from the Superior Court to pro
vent Chief of Police Sullivan from inter
fering.
Manaper Crowlcy stated yesterday that
he had requested the poolrooms not to ac
cept any bt-ts on the maJn event, which
is between youi.jr •"Peter" Jackson and
"Paddy" Purtell. as it was the club's in
tention to ordtr the referee to "call" all
bets cif when the men entered thr ring.
Mr. Crowley stated that he did not have
any information that either pugilist in
tended fakinp, but thought the action
Fhould be taken for the good of the sport
und to insure a fair fight.
All the mm who are to take part in the
coming fistic exhibition are training con-
INGENUITY DISPLAYED
BY A BOLD BURGLAR
"MYSTERIOUS"
SMITH LOSES
TO MATTHEWS
Welter-Weight Champion
ship Goes to the New-
Yorker.
NEW YORK. April 17.— At the Broad
way Athletic Club to-night the welter
weight championship of the world
changed hands, from "Mysterious Billy"
Smith to Matty Matthews of New York.
The New York man solved the hitherto
unsolvable "myßtery" with a right-hand
punch on the Jaw in the nineteenth round,
eendlng Smith to the land of dreams. Mat
thews won from the first sound of the
gong. H6 outpointed and outgeneraled his
opponent, and although his blown were
not so hard as those of Smith, they were
cleaner and always went to the mark. The
fight was fast all the 'way and was wit
nessed by 4000 spectators, who cheered
Matthews wildly at the finish. Before the
contest the betting was lively, Smith be
ing the favorite at 100 to 80.
In the first round Matthews was forced
to the floor with a right on the kidneys,
and later went down from a clinch in his
own corner. Matthews kept leading his
left to the face, but Billy's kidney blows
had his body all raw at the close of the
fifth round. Smith kept forcing, but Mat
thews met him with stiff facers every
time. Smith was repeatedly cautioned for
unfair fighting.
When they came out for the ninth Mat
thews swung his right to the Jaw and fol
lowed with two more of the same, and
Billy began to look serious. In the elev
enth Matthews rushed and three times
landed his right on the Jaw. and both fell
to the floor In a clinch. Matthews' work
had the crowd on its feet cheering when
the bell rang. Matthews was after him
fast in the twelfth, and time and again
swung his right to the face and jaw.
Smith was bleeding from the mouth, but
fought back like a fiend and drove some
terrible rights to Matthew?' body. Left
jabs started Smith's nose bieedfng in the
thirteenth and worried him considerably.
Both landed heavily with' rights on the
head in the fourteenth, and Billy's left
eye was cut and bleeding from Matty's
jabs. Billy cut out the work in the fif
teenth and pounded Matthews hard about
the body. A left swing on the jaw and a
shove forced Matthews to the floor, but
he was right up and fighting strong.
Matthews showed the effect of Billy's
body punches In the sixteenth. He was
much slpwer and did not seem so willing
to mix it up. They went through the sev
enteenth and eighteenth with little done.
Smith having a trifle the better of it.
Smith was the aggressor in the nine
teenth, and at close quarters beat Mat
thews hard about the body. In the clinch
he threw Matty to the floor. Matthews
was up Immediately and Smith apologized
and shook hands. Matty then swung his
right to the jaw. Smith was up and
clinched. Matty threw him off and twice
more landed the same punch, the last one
dropping Smith clean. He was unable to
rise at the count and had to be carried to
his corner. Time of round, twenty-eight
seconds.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY v APRIL 18, 1900.
COLUMBIA CLUB WILL
HOLD ITS EXHIBITION
IT JJr.Jßlbbon^s Dispensary,
fkrSZQA V 1 ;il^ KAnAT ST - Established
fii/ V <?$) ili , the treatment of Pr!v:itn
tSSrtS^l^ Vi eitl "" 4 - lxwt Manama lability or
W^rap»»rtls«>ase»Teartngo!ibodyanamln<lan(l
vahMßjjM s*jn DIM-as^a. ThHdoctorciireswmu
»JctEWpl3 'J. ther9 fal> - Try him. Chnr*«» 2nw
Dr * J « *' WIBBO3J. Box l»s7.ban Fraucl-ttu
7:30 «mj S:CO am! 110:40 am! 10:23 am
3:30 pm! s:fO pm) Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
DR. MEYERS & CO.l
SPECIALISTS— E»t»Hishid nearly 20 years.
Cure the Following Ailments : ||
Private Diseases Lost Manhood M
Varicocele Nervous Debility BJ
Hydrocele Loss of Memory <3
Bladder Diseases Wasting- Drains fi
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness Q
Spine Diseases Blood Poison Q
Despondency Rupture ,4
Advice and Consultation Free. |
OUR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE
Patients may de-posit the price of a
cure ln any San Francisco bank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay ln monthly Installments. Prices
reasonable. l\
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN. I
1 HOME CURES— WREE BOOK. V
If you cannot visit San Francisco 1
write for free private book, advice. M
question list. etc. v\
731 Market St.. S. F. 1
HOURS— Daily, 8 to 6; Evenings. 7 f§
to 8: Sundays, 9 to 11. Elevator En- U
trance. Eg
MEPICINFS f REE TO PATIENTS! H
SENT FREETO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write-
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mail**! to all who
will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who hud bat-
tled for years against the mental an I
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cur© themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. Sl'S Elektnm
building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. statins; that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. Th«>
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable ti>
leave home to be treated, and the free
nample will enable them to see how easy
It ia to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions*. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package. S">
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without d>l.i>\
LE«te — From April IS, 1900. — «nr.»i
•7:OUa Renicia. S::i »:n. Elmlra. VacafiUe.
Uuius*'7 »n<l Siicraiueuto "Til.Tp
*7:UOa ShaaU Express- DaTis, WUlows.
lifi Bluff. Portland »7:13p
•liJUa Martinez, mhu Itaiuou. Vallejo. Napa,*
CallatogaandHanU ttoga •fl:l.'»p
••:3O« Tb« OverUnd U'»ite<l-Ogden, Den-
ver. Omaha. Chieatfi »3:i:»p
•¦¦3»A San Joar. LWxrinure, Stocktnu,
lone, Sacraiiiruto. Plaovrtiile.
M*ry«'i»<*. Chico, Ked UlulT Mil»»
••«!»«»» 'Miiri.n. li.ik. '.*..-. .->. iii. r». Carters... *«:I-1p
•!»:«•»« HnywarOs. Nilwi an.l W»y Stations. "I l»«-1 a
•«:««» a DaTiit. Woodland, Knights Landing.
Maryifllie, Uroflile. •7:I->P
•li-.OO* Atlasiti- Kxpress— Ogden and Kast *W:IA«.
•U:»<>* Martiupx. Tracy, I^turup, Stockton,
Mrrerd aud d esnu. 'lailSp
•U:«ii4 Port CosU, Kresuo, MnJaTe aud l.v.i
Aii)(eir» »«:-I3i»
•IO:OOa ValKjo. Martluftx and Way stations *H: I-".k
•1I:UOa Niica, LiT<*niiore, Stockton. HacTa-
meuto, Mendota, llauford, VUaliav
PurteriiUe Mil 9»
•I«:O«m Hajwarils, Nilrsand Way Stations. *Z:l-1p
tl:(M«i' 5,,,-,a,,i.-nr 1 > IMvrr H-emn-rn ? *:«»« p
•»:OUp HiyvMiiU, Nilcs and Way Stations. *»:l:ir-
• l:«i»r Mm linr-'. M)»n lUuinn. Valleju,
N..|.». UkilhtoßSj. Santa Knsa •»il3»
•1i»«r li-niriu. VacaTllle. .1»«< m-nUi,
\V. .... 1 : i.n.l, KmlkliU Landiutc.
M«rynTllle, <>?.,[¦> «!•:(»«
•l>n<»p Nlles, Han . lime and Htocktoo *?:I.lp
•3:«MtpXtio Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
ltakeraneM. Maugus fur .->» nt» lUr-
bara, Los Angrles •|l»»i^»
•3:30p Stockton. Merce.l. Kresno "lailSp
•3::iUp|Tr«(i.n,ii:akrr!ilio!d. HanU Barbara.
I ,r* Angrles, Dtmiug, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kast •Srll*
•3iS»p Hanta Fh ICoute— Atluutlo EipreM
for Mnjitin and Kunt •«:l.lp
•o:nopHaywarda, NilesandSau Josh «7:l^»
f«:»«p Vallrjo *ia:l.lp
•M:jvi- Oriental Mail— Ogilen, Cheyenae.
Omaha, Chicago *Bil3a
»«i3Op Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denrer,
Omaha, Cliioaun *l:15i-
t?tOOp Vallrjo, Port t.'oata and Way SU-
tious. :»:33p
•SiO.ir Oregon and Calirnrnla Xx |.r«mn. Mao-
raineiitn. Mari*«i!l<>. He.l.llnc,
Purllmi.l. fiu-l -HiMind m..l runt ¦«:l.'i <
}?:43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Banta
Cruz and Principal Way Stations {9:03r
*S:l3a Newark. t>iitrr?illo,.s»nJ<«i«, Krlton,
Boulder Creek.Xauta Cruz and Way
Stations »«:2»r
tSilQr Newark, Centartllle, Sau .1 •<*•>. New
Alm».lr:i. liVlton. Dn«ldas I'f.rf,
Santa ('rux aud Principal Way
Stations i 1 1 ••:¦¦*» \
¦«il.f r Nswark, H»n Joan. I^>s Oatos ••«:.¦%•»»
a-tt lap Glen wood. Felton. Santa- Cru* «"»:3«»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frraSU raiSCISCO— ml *r Markit SlrMl(Slt3 3>—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 11:33 ?J.C3 13:33
•4:C3 t5:33 *B:C3r.n.
'romimUlD— Fail «r3r)ji«if.— "B.oo 8:00 10:00* M.
U2:C3 *l:03 »:33 «3::3 tt:C3 •i.ZZr.f.
[1 2
t«:H»* Ocean View, .South Han Frauci.ico.. tU::i»p
tT:Oii» Han .ln.'<- Hi .1 U"»r Suti..i,* (New
Almailm YV'eilneftdayg onlj) *l:3<»t>
{7:39 a Bun-lay Kxcunion f - r Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations :9:3.1r
•0iOO« ttati Jim. Tim Plikm. Shi. tit Crua,
Paeille 4Srota. Taxi Kohlea, Suit
Luis Olilapo. Surf. Lompoc and
Principal \V»» sutimn • 1:1 Or
•IOil(>» s» n Jiim ami Way Stations *•>»«
•li::i»« Hau.ioiio.Losaatositiitt WayMUtlons *3:3 Up
fV:ISrSan Matru. Keilwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Saata Clara. Han .)•>««.
Tres Pinos. HanU Cfna Salinas,
Monterey ami Tacific Orova flO.:tn v
f:i:»(»r San.lin*»Ai.il Way Stations *?:.1»p
t I:l5r Sau J..ssainl Principal Way .Stations #< J:l3*
t3:OOpg»n Jo«-, Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Buttons t!i:On,
*"»::t(lp Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations tW:2.i4
•«::t«p 3%n Jo«e aud WayStatlons f«:<ti> A
6ll;l5p San Jc»»«iul Way Btatii>tm *7iS»p
A for Morning. P for Afternnou.
•Daily. t Snmlay f>*c«pted. { Sunday ooly.
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
«« m Hg wMm non-poisonooa
««s|K»2W*™*^^g remedy for Gonorrhoea.
Olett. Spermatorrhces,
m£\~f Inl t05d»7«.1gl "hitrs, unnatural ii*
/•V/Jj/ Qc»rtnt«oj gg charges, or any iofla^ra*.
fiifeff not to strliturs. tioo, , irritation or uuer*-
F" .I. JfrtTenu o»ni»gioa. tlon o( mucous menv
IffiITHiEvAHS CHEMiCURtt branea. NcMatringenC
y&qk ciNamn,o .P^n Sold bJ **"ia»i««*.
JSEtiJXfc^ -d»'\3 F7 •xpres*. prepaid, tai
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; rives health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:SO, 5:10. 6:30 p. la. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. in. Saturdays — Extra trips ac 1...0
and 11:30 D. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
S:00. 6:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:30. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:B3 and 8:33 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:C.i, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 13. 1300.1 s an Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I -Sun- I Week
Days, f days, f Destination.] days. | I>ays.
7:30 am S:0O oml Novato. l^:4oam| 8:40 am
3:30 pci 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm!10:2o am
5:1.) pm 5:00 pml Santa Rosa. 7:33 pml 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
H*>aUlsburg.
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:W ami I Hopland I [10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah/ | 7:35 pm! 6:20 pm
7:30 am '10:23 am
8:0Oam Guernevtlle. 7:33 pml
l:Sorm . .;--- : | «:M pm
unfl Wnman "Qhnnlrl I
"Uilldll ollUUlll
i ( il^v^B \*^ The Cause and How to I
\ ||f i W/^mj^S) Cure Disease - I
V-Wlljß^^^^m Bad Blood Causes Disease. Poor
Digestion Makes Bad Blood. Poor I
H^M^^^^S^s^ : Circulation Causes Bad Digestion.
fe^^O^^^^ ELECTROZONE Causes the Blood i
Wo^^^p^^^^ to Circulate, as Nature Requires. :
l^^^m^H^ The Digestion Then Becomes Per-
¦j feet, the Blood Becomes Pure, j
Nature Heals. ELECTROZONE |
0 and Nature, the Greatest Com- J
- j • J^^^^^^ l« |y% Oil Y\ ' I 1^ mm ?T^ \F O I f\ i t a*% /\ /N /H f\ 1
| UllldllUll ivJl nclliUYal \JI L/louaS6i 3
lELECXROZONE I Kidney and Bladder Troubles! (
CURES V Stomach, |
IA/HEN OTHER j Dyspepsia, t
REMEDIES FAIL J ISm^Complaints, \
1 Catarrh and All Blood Diseases. |
THE PUBLIC ENDORSES ELECTROZONE.
DR. T. B. TAYLOR, a former professor of the PhtlaV LAURA GLOVER, Victoria, B. C: "ELECTRO- I
delphla Medical College, writes: "I am <a physician ZONE cured me of a severe case of rheumatism."
and surgeon of 38 years' practice and cheerfully rec- S. W. CLARK, 601 Mainflt., Seattle: "Your ELEC- ;
ommend ELECTROZONE for the Stomach, Kidney TROZONE is a boon to suffering humanity. I was on *
and Nervous Derangements. I have used and pre- the verge of the srrave with Blood Poison and Vari- '
ncribed it with good results." cose Ulcers. ELECTROZONE saved my life."
ELECTROZONE is tor Womenand Men.,!
All Druggist* sell ELECTROZONE preparations. Accept no' substitutes. II
ELECTROZONE, $1 a bottle; LIVER PELLETS. 25a; NERVE TABLETS, 800, H
Write for Pamphlets to ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., San Francisco. §9
4
keys were found In his possession, and he
was charged with carrying a concealed
weapon and having burglars' tools in his
Eossession. None of the burglaries could
e proved against him. but he got six
months on each charge. Ex-Chief of
Police I^ees said that the skeleton keys,
which Deering admitted he had made
himself, were the best he had ever seen,
and he kept them as curiosities.Will Wed a Soldier.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL.. April 17.— Captain Louis
Peck Sanders of the First Montana Regi
ment to-day obtained. a license to . wed
Miss Helen Knapp-Fitzgerald of Los An
geles. Captain Sanders, whose home Is In
Butte. Mon., served on the staff of Gen
eral Otis in the Philippines, and during
the time he took part In the campaign be
came dlstingnlshed as a gallant and effi
cient officer. Miss Knapp-Fitzgerald is
the dauphter of ex-Attorney General and
present Superior Judge Knapp-Fitzgerald
of Los Angeles. Miss Knapp-Fitzgerald is
one of the most popular belles of the city
of Angels, where she made her debut a
short time since.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Winners of the Races at Aqueduct
and Memphis.
NEW YORK, April 17.— Results at Aque
duct:
Five furlong*, selling— Brisk won. Sparrow
Wtngr second, Robert Metcalf third. Time.
1:10 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Aihen won,
William McK. second, Kemsen third. Time,
:SS.
About seven furlongs, selling— First Whip
won Gold Lack second, Lundula third. Time.
1:28 2-5.
. Mile and seventy yards, selling— Hold Up
won. Trumpet second, Tony Honing third.
Time, 1:49 4-5.
Six furlongs, selling— Cupidity won. Jamaica
second, Insurrection third. Time, 1:17.
Four and a half furlongs — Gracious won, Con
nie second. Horsa third. Time. :53.
MEMPHIS, Term., April 17.— Results at
Montgomery Park:
One mile. Belling— Thomas Carey won. Her
Favor second, Tommy O'Brien third. Time,
Four and, a half furlongs — Babb won. Birdie
Stone second. Lily Partland third. Time, :58.
One mile pelling— Alpaca won. Russell R sec
ond. Woodtrice third. Time 1:46^4.
Mile and a sixteenth, Chickasaw Handicap-
Larkspur won, The Lady second, Molo third.
Time. 1:52.
Steeplechase, about two miles — Chenler won.
Gammadlon second, Jim HogK third. No time.
Six furlongs— Braw Lad won. Edlnborough
second. Tlldy Ann third. Time. 1:18.
Quicksilver in Monterey.
Special Dispatch to The Call
MONTEREY, April 17.— Quicksilver min
ing in the southern end of Monterey Coun
ty is on the boom, a number "of claims
having been located within the past two
weeks. The most notable claim yet lo
cated is the Occidental, and George White,
Its owner, has just filed his notice of lo
cation In the County , Recorder's office.
This claim is a mile south of the Pitt
mine, and is said to be very rich in quick
silver. .¦•/•¦ • grgssi
cial branch, consisting of a Supreme
Court, Circuit courts and inferior courts.
The bill • provides that Hawaii shall be
represented in Congress by a delegate,
who shall have a seat .in the House of
Representatives, with a right to debate,
but not a vote. The delegate to Congress
is to bo chosen at an election of the peo
ple. There if no tariff provision in tho
bill, as the tariff laws of the United States
are extended over the islands and tho
territory of Hawaii is specifically made a
"customs district of the United States."
with the ports of entry at Honolulu, Hllo,
Mahukona and Kahului.
Aa to the crown lands, which have been
a source of some controversy, it Is pro
vided:
That the r>crtion of the public domain here
tofore known as crown bMda 1» hereby de
clared to have t*>en. on Ancust 12. ISO!*, and
prior thereto, the projwrty of the Hawaiian
Government and to be free and clear from any
trust of or concernine the same, and from
all claim of jnjr nature whatsoever, upon th<?
rents, issues >_nd profits thereof. It shall be
FUliiect to alienation and other uses as may be
provided by law.
The Chinese on the isl.ands are given ono
year to obcaln certificates of residence,
but the conferees struck out the amend
ment inserted by- Representative De Ar
mond of Missouri, providing that "all
Chinese and other Asiatics" arriving since
the islands were acquired by the United
Statos shall depart within one year or
else be deported by the Government. This
latter provision was omitted in view of
the belief that the Japanese have secured
a treaty status In Hawaii and that their
forcible deportation by the United States
would invite a serious and needless
breach with Japan.
WHEELMEN ARE
REORGANIZED
ON BIG LINES
The Associated Bicyclists
Plan Much for the
Future.
Betterment of Public Highways and
the Development of Cycle
Path 3 to Be Their Chief
Objects.
The reorganization of the California As
sociated Cycling Clubs, the most repre
sentative organization of wheelmen in the
State, was effected last night in the rooms
of the Olympic Athletic Club, the new
governing body assuming the title of the
California Associated Cyclers. The or
ganization resumes its labors for the ben
eliC of wheeling under the best of au
spices. Its new officers are enthusiasts
and take up their burdens vigorously.
They will devote their energies chiefly in
the direction of legislation looking to the
betterment of the State's highways and
to the development of cycle paths wher
ever conditions will permit. The Reno
wheelmen sent a delegate all the way to
the meeting, while the Vallejo Club sent
eight representatives.
J. A. Woodson, who has done much for
the wheelmen of the State, was honored
with the presidency. His associates on
the board of officers are:
First .vice president, E. B. Learning, San
Francisco; second vice president, E. «. Hussey,
Vallejo; treasurer, J. J. B. Argentl. San Fran
cisco; secretary, Stanley C. Scovern. San Fran
cisco; executive committee,. Charles Albert
Adams ar.d Harry I^arkln, San Francisco.
The principal commltteemen named last
night are as follows:
Highway and Improvement committee— J. N.
Fitzgerald. Capitol City Wheelmen (chairman);
Morris Brooke, Seth Mann and Ferdinand Vas
eault.
llembernhlp and Inter-club relations— Georjre
Stang-enberßer, Bay City Wheelmen (chairman).
Rights and privileges— Charles Albert Adams
(chairman).
Touring— J. B. I^ambkln. Garden City Wheel
men (chairman): Samuel A. Copper, Vallejo.
Road racing and records — L. S. Upson, Sacra
mento.
Southern California wheelmen desire to
co-operate with the association If allowed
self-government. They will bo allowed a
consulate and are expected to add much
to the association. * ¦
The annual hundred-mile relay race,
which Is one of the classic cycle competi
tions of the world, will be promoted as
usual. Strenuous efforts will be made to
eliminate pacemaklng by outside riders,
an evil which has threatened the develop
ment of the race for years.
With the Infusion of new blood in the
board of officers and a healthy revival in
cycling as a pastime, the friends of the
association look for a marked increase in
its power and usefulness. The delegates
to last night's convention were:
Bay City Wheelmen— Archie Reid. Arthur
Kanzee, H. L.. Day. F. W. Smith. F. H. Wal
ters. S. B. Vincent. G. B. Stangenberger, J, T .
V. McDonald, F. C. Boeckman, E. D. -Mendell.-'
Dr. E. T. Mervy, E. N. Crelgh and H. Larkln.
Capital City Wheelman, Sacramento — G. H.
Clark, J. A. .Woodson, Frank Miller, H.Weln
stoclt.- George Stroner, E. ¦¦W. Hale,; W. O.
Hill, F. T. Dwyer, E. E. Rowe, F. ¦ Moeller,
P. Flaherty, A. Cliiy. C. M. Goethe. C K.
McClatchy, Dr. Clifford Todd. J. . H. Dolan,
Charles Becker. W. A. Hubert, J. E. Little.
J., F. ¦ McDonald.' L..' S. Upson, J. ,T. .Sheehan
and Georxe Cowles.
Olympic Club Wheelmen— C. A. Adams. J.
Elliott, Edwin Goeller, T. G. Splllane, J. W.
Mullen, F. G. Montealeere, .William Mackle,
No. 7 $40.00 Belt for $20.00. No. 6
530.00 Belt for $15.00. No. 5 $20.00
Belt for $10.00. These I guarantee on
$5000 bonds, and will pay to any
charitable institution SI OOO if it can
be shown that the Belts I am now sell-
ing at Half-Price are not the bona fide
U. S. patented Sanden Belt, purchased
of Dr. A. T. Sanden in 1899. and as sold
on this Coast for years past.
There is no deception nor imitation in
these Belts. They are sold in the Lion
Drug Store and at niy office, and are the
Belts with 30 year*' record as the gre3t
remedy for the ailments of man and
woman.
Call and test them, or write for Dr.
Sanden's book. "Three C!as?es of
Men," free. Address
DR. S. S. HALL,
702 MAKKST ST., ROOM 3,
SATI FRANCISCO.
POLICE CHIEF
IS MURDERED
BY THIEVES
>
Mutilated Body of Alexander
Main of Steveston
Discovered.
HIS FAITHFUL DOG
WAS BURIED WITH HIM
Believed That the Crime "Was Com
mitted by Chinese He Set Out
to Arrest for Stealing
Tools.
VANCOUVER. B. C, April 17.— The
mangled and mutilated remains of
Alexander Main. Chief of Police of
Steveston, were found this after
noon in a hastily made grave near
a cluster of Chinese shacks two miles*
from Steveston. Main had been missing
since Saturday, when he went to one of
the Chinese cabins to search for some
missing tools believed to have been stolen.
He was accompanied by his dog, and
neither man nor dog was seen from Satur
day until this afternoon, when a rancher
named Trites. a member of one of many
searching parties, noticed some fresh
turned earth.
Poking with hi? stick, he felt some-re
sistance and. hastily removing the earth,
a most grewsome spectacle was revealed.
Main's head had been severed from the
body, his arms and legs were broken in
several places and the trunk was hewed
and harked into small bits. In the grave
with his master was the body of the little
dog. killed so that he might not carry
news of the crime.
Excitement in Steveston over the ghast
ly tind is intense. The town Is in an up
roar to-night. When Main was first
missed there was a general feeling that he
might have died suddenly, as he was
knpwn to have suffered from an ailment
of the heart.
Two Chinese in whose shacks were
found the stolen tools are now under ar
rest charged with the murder. They are
market gardeners, their names being Ah
Quon and Jim Chung. The third occupant
of the hut has fled and cannot be found.
Steveston Is a fishing village, where are
located thirty canneries, and during the
canning season there is a floating popula
tion of five or s=lx thousand Chinese. In
dians and Japanese.
RICHARD DERBY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
6ETTHE GENUINE SANDEH
fIT HALF PRICE !
ENGLISH RIDERS OUTCLASSED
American Jockeys Winning More
Than Their Share of Races.
LONDON. April 17.— With Rigby winning
three races out of five and securing sec
ond place in the fourth at the Birming
ham Easter meeting, and with L. Reint
¦*Irmfng three races. Sloan one race ar.d J.
li-:ff capturing second place in three
. icntfi and Martin landing in second place
at the Royal Windsor April meeting,
which opened to-day, the American jock
eyi were well accounted for.
It wa? Sloan's first appearance at the
Royal Windsor meeting. He obtained
s-uch a poor mount in the Stough handi
cap that it was remarked that the "norse
was not worth as much as the rider's
silks." but later he managed to win the
executUe comiritteemen. Thomas Richardson
of Houston and B. B. Paddock of Forth Worth.
Utah — Vice president, John Henry Smith of
Salt Lake; executive commltteeman, L. \V.
Shulliff of Occ'en.
Wyrmlng- Vice president, H. A. Cofteen of
Shendan.
Hon. John R. Pitkln of New Orleans
was the lirst speaker, his subject being
"The South and the Seas." He advised
southern ports to get together and ad
vocated the ship subsidy bill now pend
ing in Congress.
At the conclusion of his address resolu
tions! were called for and several were In
troduced, among them three indorsing
the merchant marine subsidy bill now
pending in Congress: indorsing the Nlc
arapuan canal; advocating statehood for
New Mexico, and indorsing efforts to se
cure deep water at Houston.
Mr. Montgomery of Colorado introduc-
Ed a resolution instructing the president
to request W. J. Bryan, as ex-presldent
of the congress, to attend the sessions of
the congress. With a few dissenting
votes the rules were suspended and the
resolution was adopted. '¦ ;*;•¦.
George B. Harrison. Jr. of Missouri de
livered an address on the consular ser
vice. At the conclusion of the address
Mr. Harrison introduced a resolution re
affirming the declaration of the congress
at Wichita, in favor of a trained non
partisan consular service.
Mr. Young of Utah arose to a question
01 privilege and declared the resolution
inviting Mr. Bryan to be present had a
political motive. The congress did not
take that view of the matter and the in
vitation stood.
The congress adjourned until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
Trans-Mississippi Congress Meets at Houston for
Discussion of Commercial and Economic
Problems of the Day*
Boys' school shoes, worth J2. for $1 a
pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market.*
TENTS AND « OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. aar.u:acturrrs, Lac»- •¦su,
•orcn. II and a CaiucrnU »v
FUWS
FITJI COATF AND ROBES FOR CAPK NOME
ALOEIfT notTUCH, 116 Grant ay«.
OASOLINK F.NGINE^
KnnCULES GAR ENGINE WORKS Is fllllnK
many ordfrs for Nomf. 141-143 First »t.. 6. F.
ENOINES. BCILENS. ETC.
TAKKR 4c HAMILTON. F.nrine* and IV>tter«:
!c«ve£t t>ricts or the coait. Pln» Ik Davla st«.
PORTABLE t:OU£ES.
nCRSHAM-SIAXUKKURI) CO. WuWngtrn
aa^ l«t *t«.. Oakland, or Builders* Ex.. 8. F.
Clayoquot Picked Up.
VICTORIA, B. 0.. April 17.— Telegraphic
advices from Alb«?ml are that the coast-
Ing steamer Clayoquot was picked up by
the W'illapa with a broken shaft and leak-
Ing, there being three feet of water in her
hold. She struck rough weather Just off
Wreck Bay while returning from Clayo
quot, where she had been dispatched with
cannery supplies. The captain and crew
made shore with the ship's boats and were
ultimately taken back to Clayoquot town
by Indians. ¦
Unknown Body Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. April 17.— The body of an
unknown man was found floating: in the
river near Vernon on Monday and brought
to Woodland for Interment. It had been
In the water a long time and was badly
decomposed. The body has not been iden
tified.
OILS.
T.fPniOTINn Otl Cruie Oil tint Oa*o!ln-
rNPTGN * VeOTJFTICK. 73 Pp««r »t.. ». F.
PLATES ro» SAVINQ OOLD.
r^^«»»l^•in * Burrldre. 3 Hardl* Disc*. oC
Kearr.y. l»tw«n Gutter and Bush utreet*.
T. W. BELL. Centrsl Flatlnc Wortt». Ali"-
»ion *t.. S. F. Phone Jessie 3CI.
© »:^¦l"^^^l^O^l¦^:^^l"l^^:"l¦^:»>^>;^^:^^l^^K^^l^^:^;-^¦:^¦^^l^¦l^^:^^l¦¦l-^¦^^^l" <
! CAPITAL STOCK 5300,000.
I W PAYS DIVIDENDS MONTHLY.
J. iH 1 FORTUNES IN OIL. | :
j b - *- :—;: — ; ;
** OVER 1400 [ CHOICE LANDS •
:: acres choice Wr j tß ( or ¦ Maps and Prospectus, mother on. :
:: OIL LAND IN ¦ r r HELDS. PRO- .
:: thenewhall Room 397, Parrott Building, ducing prop- :
I! OIL DISTRICT. San fr.\nci3co. cal. ERTIES IN LOS '•
I! X I : ANGELES, Cal. '•
LIQUORS'
WKICI/FV v CAHEN A SON.
»» IIiOIVL. I 418 Sacramento.
OOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold FavlnK Machine. 223 Fol-
•om -tr"»«>t. Oriertal Ca> Engine Company.
GI?OCEPIES ?N"> PROVISIONS.
OutflU packed. IHVINK EROS.. t7O Howard.
30* Fourth, 1302 I'olk and 1441 Stockton. S. P.
MATTESON'S SLUICE WASHER.
I>crE tcm. riffle* and carpet combined care»
rlacer rold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market *t.
OOL » SEPARATOR.
CTClnn^ Grid Keparatcr and Axoalr«mator tn
Ctlly deration. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 1X» M.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fcrpl» fi»«b or salt water for «lule« boxes
l"rh or low Jlfts. Elmonds. S3 Ziarket *t
EXPHRIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
t. PETERSON 144 A MU*lon. H. F.: cornmun!-
mticn* from ln\entcr» strictly confidential.
DPEDQINQ PL'MPS.
nn. <3**r>!lne. Steam Holstc. OntrtruKal PnmrM.
r.r r.t— « p.-r.er». HendrMaeh. \Vk»..4O Fremont.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
Ir Ot»mtlon Dallr. CS Sixth Ftr**».
BYRON JACKSON.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
¦ /rj f\r> IM & Drake Amalgamators, opcrat-
ttKUun »nr «Jally: 1 !0-Hp. gasoline «n-
rlne cheap. » Stevenson. 8. F.
Blackburn Sentenced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. April 17.— Cornelius E.
Blackburn appeared before Judge L. F.
Smith in the Superior Court this morn
ing on the charge of grand larceny, and
after pleading guilty he waived time and
was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment
In Folsom. The charce against Black
burn was that of taking a horse and
buggy from the stables of Hopkins & Ede
in this city, which he did not return, but
disposed of in his own interest. The act
was committed in June of last year, and
he was at large till captured by Sheriff
Besse in Sacramento last month.
Electric Fountain to Be Built.
Spf ctal Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG. April 17.— At a citizens*
meeting Saturday night it was decided to>
erect an electric fountain in the plaza
in conjunction with a JCOO drinking foun
tain to be erected by the Ladies' Improve
ment Club. The electric fountain will be
the finest in the State and the only one
north of San Francisco. It was also de
cided to dedicate the two fountains and
the completion of the new municipal light
and water system by holdirg a grand cele
, bratlon the first week in June.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
Tim Murphy Is Tried Out.
Australian Tim Murphy is no longer a
mystery to local sporting men. He was
thoroughly tried out by Tommy Tracey
in three rounds of whirlwind fighting in
his training quarters at the Casino
yesterday afternoon. The consensus of
opinion among the spectators so fortu
natet as to be present was that he will
prove a worthy opponent for Al Neill
when they meet before the National Club
on the 27th inst. He is clever, immensely
strong, aggressive and game. He will
take a punch at any time for the chance
of landing one in return.
Competent judges of the art of attack
and defense could find but one point
against him. This was that he seemed to
leave himself open to attack. Whether
this is a real or fancied defect in his
work will only develop in active competi
tion. His bout with Tracey was not box
ing, but fighting, and the men hustled one
another about in a lively manner for
three hot rounds. .
Murphy showed at least one new blow.
In this he feints with his left for the head
and then delivers a right cross uppercut,
which he never failed to land. Murphy
is heavier than Tracey, and also has the
advantage of several weeks' training, but
his showing yesterday, even under these
conditions, stamps him as being every
inch the fighter. He showed intimate ac
quaintance with ring methods and never
lost his presence of mind.
R It. Russ, 11. D. HadenfeMt, H. V. Rams
dell, E. R. Swain and J. A. White.
Garden City Wheelmen— S. E. Johnson, J.
B Lambkin. I. H. Bra**, J. A. Deslmane. Al
Hubbard J. E. WilHston, H. Stockton, L. O.
Sill. J. B. Lanigan. L. P. Gowland.
Oak Park Wheelmen— Dr. Ira G. Shaw, J.
S Daly, O. E. Wilbur. T. Dorsey, W. A.
Harms. M. Brooke, C. A. Flcal. M. T>. Coon.
J Steen Jr., A. C. Boggess and R. Butlolph.
'Reno Wheelmen— W. J. Ryan. Frank Fen-ell,
H. M. Senseney, S. Moslngs, F. V. Jones. F.
Coffin, Jay Cox, Gus Koppe. Fred Schadler,
M. Jacobs H. Hertman, W. L Butler. G.
Fahnon, L. Saver, W. Everett. E. Shaver.
Vallejo Cycle Path Club— W. F. de Sanno.
E. B. Hussey. S. A. Copper, James Gee, J.
M. Mitchell, Grant Luper, F. S. Willis, Charles
E. Walsh.
California Cycling Club— 11. Bittgenhof. R.
A. Coulter and William Sangrster.
Unattached representatives — P. V. Long, P.
M. Nippert. W. J. Kenney, J. J. B. Argentl,
E. B. Learning end S. G. Scovern.
HAWAIIAN BILL
NOW READY FOR
FINAL ACTION
House and Senate Conferees
Reach a Unanimous
Agreement.
Defeat of the Amendment Providing
for the Deportation of Asiatics
Who Flocked in Since
Annexation.
WASHINGTON. April 17.— After extend
ed meetings a unanimous agreement was
reported to-day by the House and Senate
conferees on the Hawaiian Government
bill. The Senate conferees yielded to the
House measure, which passed as a sub
stitute for the Senate bill as a whole, al
though a number of amendments were
made. In the main the form of Govern
ment as finally determined upon is that
provided by the House. The chief amend
ments are those providing a district court
instead of the Federal court organized
under general laws, and the striking out
of the House provision postponing for one
year the time for applying the coasting
laws to Hawaii. The prohibition of sa
loons in Hawaii as provided by the House
bill is retained in a modified form, in ef
fect leaving the matter to local option.
\ne House provisions as to the land laws
are retained, including the amendment of
Representative Newlands of Nevada, re
stricting the amount of land to be held by
a corporation to 1000 acres. The other
Newlands amendment, providing for a
committee to investigate the labor ques
tion in Hawaii, is changed so that Com
missioner of Labor Wright will conduct
the inquiry. The appointment of Circuit
Judges, which was the subject of rather
earnest differences, -was finally decided by
leaving the appointments with the Presi
dent.
The bill establishes a complete form of
government for the Islands, with a Gov
ernor and other executive officers, a
Legislature of two branches and a Judl-
NEGOTIATIONS
FOR THE CANAL
RIGHT OF WAY
Central American Republics
Will Interpose No
Obstacles.
Isthmian Commission Said to Favor
the Panama Koute, but There
Are Objections to Its Ac
quisition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON* HOTEL. WASHINGTON, April 17.—
It is likely that the administration will
use the time between now and the next
session of Congress in negotiations which
will enable this Government to secure Im
mediate control of the territory or such
rights in Central America as may be re
quired in the construction of the pro
posed canal. There has been talk that
the Walkor Isthmian Commission would
be called upon to make a preliminary re
port, but an official acquainted with the
work of the commission said that thia
was Impossible. The Darieii survey has
proceeded sufficiently to demonstrate that
there is no practical route for a canal
there, and the problem which the commis
sion will have to determine will be
whether the Panama or the Nicaragua
route presents the greater advantages.
It is understood that the commission Is
very favorably impressed with the Pana
ma route and the, work which has been
and is being done In the construction of
that enterprise. It' is stated that the pro
ject Is entirely feasible and that the canal
could be completed for less than the sum
which would be necessary to build the
Nicaragua canal. *
There are objections, however, to the
acquisition of the Panama canal, though
the company would be willing to sell its
rights to the United States and the Co
lombian Government would approve of
the transfer to this Government. These
objections He primarily in the fact that
stockholders in this canal are people of
France, who would undoubtedly desire
that their rights be respected by any
foreign purchaser.
It is evident from what can be learned
that Rear Admiral Walker has reported
to the officials sufficient information to
convince them that Colombia a3 well as
Costa Rica and Nicaragua would enter
into negotiations with the United States
with respect to the canal. Costa Rica
only a few days ago. through Senor
Calvo, its Minister here, informed the
administration of its willingness to do
everything in its power to further the
construction of the canal by the United
States. While it cannot withdraw sover
eignty from the territory which this Gov
ernment desires, there is a way by which
control of the necessary land can be se
cured.
T a meeting- of the board of direct-
II \\ ors of the Pacific Improvement
held in the offices of C. P.
Eiuntington yesterday. Richard Der
by was appointed secretary of the com
pany, to fill the vacancy caused by the
death last week of Frank S. Douty. Mr.
Derby went at once to the offices of the
company and commenced to familiarize
himself with his new duties.
The selection of Mr. Derby to so im
portant a position was a bis surprise to
everybody about the railroad building:, as
he had never been cons-idered even as a
possibility by those familiar with the
business of the big corporation. Mr. Derby
has been a clerk in the auditing depart
ment of the Southern Pacific Company,
and was chief clerk in the controller's de
partment, of which Secretary Wright is
the head. Mr. Derby is one of the most
popular men in the employ of the railroad
company. When the news of his appoint
ment spread through the building- it was
received with general expressions of good
will, and many officials hastened to con
gratulate him Thp only reason for Air.
Derby's selection seems to have been his
general fitness to manage the immense in^
terests to be entrusted to his care.
HONORS FALL TO A
POPULAR EMPLOYE
THE EMPORIUM. J THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM^ | THE EMPORIUM.
% 50c Veilings g?te UM£P $15. 00 ,/==£?£*. -1
I 'orsf9o.ya.Jm WWEBMESDAY ]fj% mcd MBBk %
£ The veiling special J///M§Mk SJ?« -. *• ><^W^% "5
Jof the season-fo- jJ^#*sPf) ~~ $W.OO. *>S"?tffilJ&£? *
i day, Wednesday, ;^g^w a Sale of Men's Tapestry To-day, wednw- i^m^W %
». only, 1600 yards «^a*>T^* <£"»£Z /S/8 t3tza**&r <P»jf#s £T*ai#a»«c fS^^ (iay « eni y> choica %&&&£%£ *
iof belt quality 18- a OU ÜBBCH &U3tS VOVeFS 33C. fp- of any of our $15 ]Zr£M £
£ inch Spotted Chiffon Mf; 'f/ far $13.90. A small lot (120 only) /\ ? Trimned Hats (bet- L "*«§§ J
I ifajgsas . jq, m * ™~»^ La i "™ aT " J-iilU %
«£ royal and other de- m^rrfk)^ #S? *$£*%% Table Covers, one yard / MZjg&is£& leading sprirg colors fcj&&&ss- \
% sirable colors, regu- /^^JaM W J &R W square, heavy fringe all ard f anciw. for W^<^ j*
tf lar value 50c yard, extra special o F* J around, six pretty color tW&^TX $mQ.OO. "^ ~ "2
£ price 4£%2C xA^YN JDCTV effects.regular 45c each, ffl^jU\n ; jS %
| also /)T|/f#A ZSKs**»**l r "Mfe«»3».tttt l £s
5 A limited quantity ; (250 only) Pattern / / f7f* I 33 C UL**^ «pCC/a* JfC* Color Medallions, "«
i* Wash Applique Veils, fine quality, white I A fc / I ' * I circular form, 4 inehei in diameter, with •*
Kor cream, actual 50c, 75c and *><ra I v/""" r'l'\ ' * ~ gold band, splendid aasortment, new and 'jf
t? $1 values, tO-day Ony 23C . \ \ jft \ /-p— •" — V 75t2 GoISSfStS 19 Inch P:ain artistic subjects, ro-u'.arly 15c each, on '&
fc* - \ \ //l\ \f J ' JL j-fj* Colored Taffetas, special sale to-day only Qc •*
g ¦ \J fU \jj J 1/ Tatfeta OSHC. an extra heavy %
| Feather -Stitch jb E i/l M %^^^^*£S£L" tf 3 ? /^\ \
% Braid 4c, 6c. This \\i\lA\ \ Brown ' Cerise - PervBache « E:c - E: <;- Slack ./// \ %
i day only, 2000 pieces Feather-Stitch 1 1 I\l A tip-top value at our regular retail price, SUk FJSC" '/// - *5
£ Braid, 6-yard lengths, assorted patterns, Ih // \S-i Y?X 75c yard, on special sale WOO" j-q -.««-. aa^ //I b %
6 regular value Be, 10c and 12c piece. //if \\\ nos day only WC reeSS Utt" HI ,/; >
tt at half price, per - _ //I \\ \ tlerskirt Mil % «
| pl " *° G ° /[[• VA SI. OO Hammocks §3.23 MMm\ I
fc* 1/ »^- w-m mm «Q Handsome fflffi^L/ ' J l-L- t*\ %
i HOUSe SHU- Ladies' Tan Kid JL* 6^ * O-Uajf JVC. Underskirts. &
| pers 89c. Sgfc& 1 : «g&£ , B&S 4fcffir|J
£ / ty . ch , lffon i b0W J lot of fine suits made of imp orted full-weight Kfefcfe / irrlVn ? %
& AlMlli COln , toe "' tur . ned black worsted, cut in the round-cornered sack, J ?° ? tA A ',?^^^r 5
»* sm^- cial sale Wed- t( i we . ar on those o ™* n?™n ?™ wh f? Oth \ r st / !e9 A W Spanish cord- *^A^£i£±*~--~' -J
* \^^ y<& nesdayoniy of su .' ts not admuaibje. Three hundred . VV'^W \V • ed reffl.\ or 3 small ruffles, fail width and x
ft <. SoS or Z * men m this vicinity can buy good black f uits . NS^>/) prcperly male, re-ular prices $4.50, oa f
* &9C. this week at a little more than half the M \j^ soccial sala to.day. ~— £
ti ordinary cost. These f uits are lined with pi Wedne^diy cnly. . *&3a2& %
V the very best farmer satin, that n guamn- y^ ' ' *<^
J» Bfm.mwgrJ \fg»es4g*gx ,~ teed to wear as long as the cloth lasts. The «/.« B io^t. il!mn'«« 2*
J SSOyS VGSWee SBfo Bewing j8 done wUh - the Btronge , t and begt For thls d avon i v we offer our n Quarter- Z*arpGtS anU Alluring x
** SuitS $3*35. \**7 black silkl and the tailorin g first-class in Colored Cotton Hammocks, gauzo weave, (- U2 9 i2^Ui*Bm special offer- *5
\ A .pecial purcha., %L 'Si^Sfe^S? a ' n °d tSSS^S S&ZtfS^ST* "2S. %?%£ Wednesday and Thursday j
t£ of 7o Middy Suits for ar; worth regularly $25, our special price of bed 34x72 inches, for '©C only. V
iST wiii°i2 SmWk 2S2P tho entirG S3 3a a Par!o " TaMos-ma*** Maple. :*
& oX Wodnei MW&mi week... &S4.&U m 16-inch top. with Bhelf, worth $1.50. '?
*" °~,only. Ail-woo! jS§$W t-loor—U^ear Entrance. (BtrOCCneS These re- 1 for two day 3 only> special at ..51.00 x
S fabrics in 'the very & n Si LttSUOrS. markably low TabcurDitOS— Mahogany finish, 18- '{
| newest styles and |||| Oatmeal Genuine Kirk's White special prices are for the entire f ° r %$£ $
It made as well as cloth- mW, e««^ Ou Oatmeal Soap, the large , only, social at ...*i.uo -»
* ing can be made; co it P{ p? dO3^ JB^C. size cakes, on special week : Lady's Bosk— Mahogany finish, with #
$ with deep sailor co'- ''I \ sale to-day, Wednesday, only Flour— Emporium Be3t Family Flour. mirror top. worth $12.50. on special .%
fc* lars. or with new coat / I 2 cakos foi* 5c every sack guaranteed, per sack 73? sale Weinesiay and Thursday f0r...^.. •»
tf collars; knee pants; fed W _ Emporium Whole Wheat or Graham F our. •;¦" •"•••""•""•' 'A, «•? 5
* handsome little vests A/*— JjA, Bnfs*nt*Z* (S^=Sl *- 10-lb sack, this week 17c Folding £cd— Golden Oak finish. Jf
J( to match the coat JL *£&\ \/, F-irtlt* Milk— Snprial ihis week 2 -a^ very ornaaental, worth $18. for two *
|! trimmings; actual value s6.so and $ 7 . 5 0. 5Qc Wr\ rfF**^ Ea ß'O IV7/*«f-Special this week, $75.50 %
g. It's the manufacturer's loss, not ourj, ShOBS p9§is»! T J I Afoe-Be'st 'jnzZ'l»\bi'ioT 5Cc Gcdrocm Sg(-1 pieces, Golden •{
g when we sell them to-day Q %" UGS *?=ZR&gU>JPWi „ , t !*? *l rin'iii Oak fir.kh, with French-phte mirror... %
*£ for &&.&O 25C. OatS— Be3t Eastern, thia week 10 lbs \ ' .....$22.50 X
5 Infants' soc Soft- ¦^f^^X M 1 Jn«v"««»n— Thiq'wwV 4 barV 2Sd Parlor Sot— Three handsome pieces, jj
t &| infants' Sf»^ S S^f^;! W^^^BS
H f? 5. o*- - black, chocolate and tan. with patent leather week 1 ) packages - »-«c »nd velours, worth ?50. special price •»
h x^CWt\ &"PS insoles on special sale to-tiny **— Port Or i. horny Wino - Our regu- for Wednesday and Thursday only >r
fc' (V^f^r\})\ «S* fftrj only, p-ir 25C lar 75c per gallon grade, wines that we 535 OO S
£ /Mdli-^kX * >Ja * w * & i.,f nll i-> Wpnr <T)*hnrt ca ?, highly recommend ' for one wee i^" 55 o Tapes try Carpots-Yov %
$ fflffrn Infants' Long infiVltS W eCll Depart- gallon 49c twodays £ 42\0 S
\ F' r ii a 7 y t^-f c " t ' s T d F i oor - oil^ c^S^2p «K^^^ 1
6 /i/:l\ lv\ ' P alrS t° a CUStomer. Izsh's BHtors Per bottle 67c match, so make price to close them out, X
tt U lit] j / \ embroidery and yard 6Oc •'
k* J^r^^-^^^^ lace, bottom with m Breakfast XWJ ' nsfGr^"O s ~ 27x63 inches. '*
I l»w"l^o's^6M Cockatoos ]§|i|r £BSl^©i^il imM at ihe C * f ?- Axm]nztcr''''carpcif-OM ;?
*, vJ^Ji-.LJri^x, DitSiy fO to m gja* 8 * and appetizing length 3, bring your measurements, the 5
»,* woanosuay i2a.tn. f 2to Ooß^flgreffcuieffcayaiftry *Q menu from $1.50 quality, special to close them -2
% only . $1.00 5Dm m. California* largest-americas grandest store, qa » m. on. out, yard $1.00 ;«
T T OUSTON, Texas, April IT.— The
: | eleventh annual session of the
I I Trans-Mlssissippl Congress ¦was
i I formally opened this morning by
- 1 - •*¦ President E. O. Stanard of St.
Ix)uis. The morning session was taken
up with addresses of welcome and re
sponses. At the* conclusion of the first
session the different State delegations
met and selected vice presidents, execu
tive cornmitteemen and members of com
mittees on resolutions and permanent or
ganization. All of the States and Terri
tories did not act. The selections made
Included the following:
<v}orado Vie* president. J. Maurice Finn;
rsMUUve commltteernan. Charles F. Henkel of
Texas— Vie* president. F. P. Holland. Dallas:
TO PROSPER THE WEST IS
THIS CONVENTION'S AIM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
siii%iiiifiiil
.^«&^
5
Prominent Delegates of the Trans-Mississippi Congress.Stockton Mall.
The Treasury Department will prob
ably investigate the wholesale admission
of Chinese that has been in progress since
Collector Jackson of San Francisco. went
into office. It. of course, holds Jackson
responsible for any irregularities, but also
considers the "steamship companies" re
sponsible to a certain extent. In that it
Is right enough, too. The steamship com
panies would just as soon bring coolies to
California illegally as they would take
Californlans to Siberia on delusive bo
nanza reports. AH is fish that comes to
their net. ¦ Meanwhile The Call defies
Jackson to_ demand an investigation and
produce his office records.
.—;. — ; ¦ » ¦
Change of Street Grades.
City Attorney Lane yesterday advised
the Board of Supervisors that the In
itiatory steps in the change of the grade
of a street must be taken by the Board
of Public Works and upon its recommen
dation. The Fire Commissioners are in
formed that the horseshoeing contract
made by that body is a contract for sup
plies within the meaning of the charter,
and must be awarded to the lowest bidder.
Ten thousand St. Louis school children are gome
to sing to Admiral Dewey. It might. not be unwise
to improvise for the occasion a song about that man
who would rather be right than President.
win another prize in another essay contest he might
open a competition on ideas for an official uniform on
holidays.
A <!es!£n for a flag for new San Francisco has a
la?t b?cn chosen. If his Honor the Mayor would on!
The bravery of the fair «ex has at last been vindi
cated. An Austrian woman and her German rival re
cent'y discarded their hatpins, cut their fintrer-nails
and fought a duel with rapiers. One of the con
testants was scratched.
succotash ticket that represents them all!
But the Chicago platform ', declared that the gold
standard caused an "appreciation of gold, a fall in the
price of commodities, the prostration of industry and
the impoverishment of the people."
If these direful things follow the appreciation of one
money metal, why not of any money metal? Yet here
is the News threatening us with a sudden apprecia
tion of 31 cents an ounce in silver, which according to
the platform of 1896 should depress prices, prostrate
industry -and impoverish the people. Come to look
all" of these prophecies and platforms in the mouth,
We are inclined to shy. We fear the Colorado
prophet is a Schlatter, and the Nebraska prophet is
'an apprentice at the business, and that poor Mr.
Hearst is the victim of misplaced confidence.
OUR COMMERCIAL RELATIONS.
ADVANCE sheets of "The Review of the
World's Commerce," which is soon to be is
sued from the State Department by way of in
troduction to the t»\Q volumes of annual reports of
diplomatic and consular officers upon our commer
cial relations, make a very gratifying showing of our
foreign commerce during the past year, and of the
prospects of the future.
During the calendar year 1899 the domestic ex
ports of the United States amounted to $1,252,903,987,
against 5i. 233,558,140 in 189 S. The percentage of
manufactured products was 30.39 in 1899, 24.96 in
1S98; of agricultural products, 62.42 in 1899, 69.06 in
1S98; of mineral products, 2.66 in 1899, 2.09 in 1898; of
forest products, 3.8 in 1899, 3.16 in 1898; of fishery
products, 0.45 in 1899, 0.47 in 189 S.
Our total imports during the year were valued at
$798,845,571, against $634,964,448 in 1898, an increase
of nearly $164,000,000. There was a drop in the per
centage of "articles manufactured ready for consump
tion" from 16.5 in 1898 to 14.9 in 1899, although there
was an increase from 12.76 to 13.45 in "articles of vol
untary use, luxuries, etc." In other words, it would
appear that we are importing more foreign materials
for use in' our industries and less of finished manufac
tures, with a slight gain in our consumption of for
eign "luxuries."
A significant feature of the trade of the year is that
our exports increased during a period of great indus
trial activity in Europe and when competition was
correspondingly keen. It is thus evident we can hold
our own in the world's markets despite all that rivals
can do. In commenting upon the reports of Consuls
as to the demand for our goods, the Review says that
"neither the products of our agriculture, our forests
and our mines, .nor those of our workshops and fac
tories, have anything to fear so long as they preserve
their distinguishing merits, and the only danger
they have to face is a falling off in the standard either
Dr. F. R. Day, president of the Board of
Health of Honolulu, is at the Palace with
his wife.
H. Wilkinson of Kobe, manufacturer of
the famous Tan-san mineral water, is at
the Occidental.
Senator Henry Waterhouse of Honolulu
is at the Occidental with his wife and son,
Albert Waterhouse.
M. K. Keokahahole, manager of the in
terests of Princes David and Cupid ii\
Hawaii, is at the California.
I Dr. P. M. Woodworth, a prominent phy
1 sician of Chicago and formerly a member
ol the Lincoln Park Commission in thai
city."' is at the Palace.
\ Miss Norma Whalley, the actress, who
recently had trouble with Walter Jones,
with whom she had been playing on the
Orpheum circuit, is at the Palace. She
is on her way back to New York.
W. H Lanz, a member of the firm of
F. A. Schafer & Co. at Honolulu, Is at
the California .with his wife. They will
visit the Paris Exposition and then spend
a few months in Germany before return-
I Ing home.
j Among the well-known Hawaiian people
at the Occidental are: F. M. Hatch, for
mer Minister under the republic to the
United States, and Mrs. Hatch: E. D.
Tenney, a wealthy business man, for
many years connected with Castle &
Cooke; and William E. Brown, a success
ful young stock broker.
John Fouga, the popular deputy of the
United States District Court, left on the
north-bound train yesterday for a vaca
tion trip to the East and to his old home
in New Orleans. In that city he studied
law and was admitted to the bar before
the Supreme Court of the State of Louis
iana at Baton Rogue. Mr. Fouga was ac
companied to -the train yesterday by a
delegation from the Press Club, of which
he is an old and valued member.
THE Rocky Mountain News has spells of feeling
rocky, in which it brings forth its large type and
exclaims in double leads for Bryan and free
! silver.
In its last fit of this kind it nominated and electd!
• Bryan, enacted free coinage at 16 to 1, doubled the
j population of Colorado, increased the price of real
estate by 100 per cent and raised silver to 90 cents an
ounce, the day after election. In exact terms the
News said: "The power of Bryan over Congress
would equal his influence with the American people.
It would be irresistible. If Bryan becomes President
I free coinage will be restored to silver before his term
expires.
"The mere fact of Bryan's election wouKi
i raise silver to 90 cents an ounce. How can loyal
! Coloradoans falter now? In the face of the fact that
the Democratic party in more than forty States is
pronounced for Bryan and free coinage, that the
Populists and Silver Republican parties are unani
mous for them, the Coloradoan that is not for Bryan
I is a traitor to his State, placing party before prosper
1 ity, and voting to completely destroy its silver mines,
for with the cause of silver made absolutely hopeless
the price of silver will decline yet one-half."
If merely electing Bryan will spur silver up to 90
cents an ounce, his inauguration should send it kiting
to $1.2929, or par with gold. As Mr. Bryan has con
tinually cried that dear money, par with gold, makes
low prices, we are compelled to say that the two
prophets, the News and Bryan, are working their gift
of vaticination against each other. They are- two
prophets, prophesying in the same vast, field, but
their prophecies don't pull together.
The News says that seductive efforts have been
made to woo Mr. Bryan from the path of duty to the
j divinely appointed ratio of 16 to 1, but that he has
j nobly refused, and his attitude has compelled William
R. Hearst to print a signed editorial pledging him
self to support Bryan. Of course when Hearst signs
an editorial things are getting serious. But will the
News explain why, if Mr. Bryan's devotion to -silver
will raise its price if he is elected, the devotion of
somebody to putty will not raise the price of that
useful commodity if the devotee is elected to the
Presidency?
If the price of commodities depends upon such
causes, let us have hog and hominy, bull butter, and
wheat, oats and rye candidates for the Presidency, or
pool the issues of all those useful articles and run a
AGAIN, FREE SILVER.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
SPRING DRESS OF CLOTH
The dress represented Is of Margeno
colored cloth, and can be worn without a
mantle in spring weather. The corsage is
a close fitting cuirass, trimmed with whfte
cloth bands across the chest, whence start
pleats that form a loose bolero, leaving
the waist free. The skirt is ornamented
round the bottom with pleats, headed by
bands in the style of the bolero.
¦ » ¦
IN HONOR OF
A FIANCEE
Brilliant Noonday Wed
ding o? Eugene Lent and
Mrs. Bertha Russell.
Miss Emllle Hager was the guest of
honor at a tea given yesterday afternoon
by Mrs. Walter E. Dean at the Palace
Hotel. Miss Hager, who recently* an
nounced her engagement to Walter L.
Dean, was overwhelmed with congratula
tions from the several hundred guests
present. The tea was quite the most elab
orate affair of the season. The decora
tions were of surpassing beauty, and the
costliest blossoms were used with a lavish
hand. In the main reception-room orchids
were used, and a beautiful effect was pro
duced by a trellis work of the rare blos
soms, which nestled over the immense
surface of the mirror which decorated the
mantel of the apartment. Roses and
pinks were used in the decoration of the
other apartments, and In the dining-room
pink and white sweet peas decorated the
tables.
Mrs. Dean received her guests assisted
by Miss Emilie Hager. Miss Alice Hager
Miss Ethel Hager. Miss Ella Morgan Miaa
Therese Morgan, Mrs. Horace Hill," Mrs.
Clinton Worden. Mrs. Oscar Long, Mr 3
Russell Wilson. Mrs. Requa. Miss Sallie
Maynard and Mrs. Downey Harvey. The
hours of the tea were from 4 till 6.
Eugene Lent and Mrs. Bertha Russell
were married at noon yesterday at the
home of the bride's mother, Mrs Andrew
Welch. 10S0 Eddy street. Rev. Fa»her
Varsl, S. J., of St. Ignatius officiated. The
entire lower floor of the Welch residence
was thrown open to the guests and deco
rated in a most elaborate and artistic
manner. In the library, where the cere
money was performed, pink and white
blossoms were used with pleasing effect
Daylight was excluded and pink silken
lanterns shed the only light in the room
during the ceremony. The bride was at
tended by Miss Gertrude Allen, who of
ficiated as maid of honor. William F.
Humphrey, law partner of the groom, was
the best man. The bride wore a gown of
pink satin entirely covered with an over
dress of white point. The hat. which com
pleted the elegant costume, was of white
lace ornamented with white ostrich tips
and blush roses, which r.estled In the band
close to the face. The bride's bououet whs
a shower bouquet of orchids, a gift of the
groom. The flowers were worth a small
fortune. They were gathered at Mr. Lent's
order, 'and nearly every important grower
in the United States contributed some of
his choicest blossoms to the bur.eh. After
the ceremony a. bridal breakfast was
was served. Mr. and Mrs. Lent leave to
day for New York, where the honeymoon
will be spent.
¦ ? ¦
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PAYING POLL TAX— Subscriber. City.
The fact that a man has not been a resi
dent of the City of San Francisco one year
does not exempt him from payment of
poll tax.
ST. PATRICK— A. S.. City. St. Patrick,
c^nturvt commonly known as the '"Apos
tle of Ireland." was born in Bonavem Ta
berr.lea, it is claimed by historians, but
th«-re is uncertainty as to place and time
of birth and as to place of death.
ENGAGEMENT RING — Subscriber.
City. When a gentleman has been ac
cepted as the fiance of a young lady, it
is customary for him to give, the lady an
engasrmtnt ring. The cnaracter of this
Is in accordance with the liberality of the
prospective groom. It may be a diamond
or a combination of gems, and if he de
sires he can consult ihe wishes of bia
Intended in that matter.
ALL, ROADS LEAD TO ROME— II. F.
J., City. "All roads lead to Rome" is an
Italian proverb meaning that there are
many ways of accomplishing an end. It
was, however, in ancient times not so
much a proverbial as a literal truth. As
the city of Rome gradually extended Its
conquests over th«> Italian peninsula, each
new city added to her growing empire
was connected with the capital by a mag
nificent military road and It ultimately
became the center of the finest road sys
tem of the world.
SHARKEY AND JEFFRIES— J. P. P.,
Gracy, Mondocino County, Cal. The re
port by rounds of the fight between Shar
key and Jeffries published in The Call of
November 4. i;9O, says: "Second round—
Jeffries returned the blow, landing: hi.* left
squarely on the chin, and Tom (Sharkey>
went down in a neutral corner, where he
stayed for six seconds. Sharkey rushed
again but Jim (Jeffries) side-stepped and
Sharkey slipped to the floor on his hands.
The men were sparring when the gonsr
sounded." That is the only .round in
which Sharkey went down and stayed
down for any perceptible length of time.
FRAUDULENT MARRIAGE— M. E. A..
Sissons. Cal. This correspondent writes:
"John Jones was divorced in California.
He could not marry again in that State
under a year. He left California to marry
Mary Smith, who was free to marry, anu
went to Oregon, where marriage is pro
hibited under a six months' residence.
To evade the law Jones sends some one
to represent him to obtain a marriage li
cense, all data as' to age, residence and
names being correct, w.th the exception
that the party who obtained the license
was not what he represented himself to
be. namely Jones. With that license
Jones married Mary Smith. Was that
marriage legal?"
The facts as stated show a clear fraud
in obtaining a license for one who under
the law could not marry in the State of
Oregon at the time the license was se
cured. Marriage is a contract and If
there is fraud in a contract it is held thai
the contract is void.
• ? •
Cal. glace fruit 500 per rb'atTownsend's.^
¦ * '
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clippins Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main IoC •
¦ ? »
If you are thinking of getting a new
trunk, don't think of getting It at any
place other than our trunk department.
Our line of trunks is most complete and
our prices the lowest in town. As for
valises and handbags, we are now show-
ing a new stock in Oxford. Gladstone and
club sizes in a'.'igator. Morocco and other
leathers at very reasonable prices. San-
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Pa3t Chief Ranjrers.
To-morrow night there wm De a meet-
Inp In Red Men's Hall of a number of
past chief rangers of courts of the Inde-
pendent Order of Foresters for the pur-
pose of taking steps to organize a Past
Chiefs' Association for the pood and wel-
fare of the order in this city. ¦
ADVEKTISEiIZIITS.
TT A 1& T £*^ ?T 7T vT"\
children ace sick children.
Therr inactivity and sober
»aces are not in keeping with
robustchildhocd They lack
vitality <*nd resistive power,
and are very susceptible 10
colds and coniagiouidiscascs.
SdßtH 6?nulstcn,
brings new ]if e to such chil-
dren If enriches the blocd;
it restores health and activ-
ity; »t gives vigor and vitality
to mind and body.
jpc «ikJ $. 00. tli iraz'ni'.a
atOn & fcOWNE.Chemisu NtwYnfc.
TO AVOID CONTENTIONS.
WHILE the success of the Republicans in this
campaign scenis well assured throughout the
there are nevertheless abundant .reasons
why every effort should be made to preserve harmony
iv the ranks so that the full party vote will be given
to every candidate. It will certainly be an act m
folly for those having authority to adopt a course
which will give rise to contentions or even to an ex
cuse for them. 11l feeling engendered by any act of
party leaders is apt to rankle and spread, and prove a
serious weakness to the organization as a whole.
At the present time there exist differences of
opinion concerning the expediency of holding pri- j
:nary elections in some Congressional districts for j
the purpose of electing delegates to a convention to
choose district delegates to the Republican National
Convention. Where such differences exist the dis
trict committees should call primaries. Any other
course will not only augment the discord in the party,
but will give ground on which contentions can be
bai-ed and sustained before the national convention.
The issue is a plain one. The call of the National
Committee for the national convention says: "Th-
Congressional district delegates shall be elected by
conventions called by the Congressional Committee
of each district, in the manner of nominating candi
dates for Representative in Congress in said district."
Under the law of California it is provided: "All dele
gates to conventions of political parties for the pur
pose of making nominations for candidates for public
ofi";ce within this State shall be elected at elections to
be known and designated as primary elections and
conducted at the time and place and under the regu
lations in this chapter hereinafter specified, and not
otherwise.
There can be no doubt as to the intent of the pri
mary law, nor of the call of the National Committees
Hence primary elections are necessary in every dis
trict where there is the least objection to any other
course of action. In some districts it is already cer
tain an attempt to avoid primaries will lead to a fac
tion f:?ht in the party ranks and the election of a
contesting delegation to the national convention.
In the Fifth District, for example, a strong body of
Republicans "have given notice that they will not be
found by a convention composed of delegates not
elected at primaries, and that if such a convention be
appointed they will call a convention of their own
and hold primaries as the law requires. That will
mean n division of the party in that district at the very
outset of the campaign, the appearance of representa
tives of the contending factions before the National
Coir.rrittee, and a controversy which will engender
bad I^Dod.on both sides.
There are other districts where the situation is as
critic? i as in the Fifth. It is known that in Ala-.ned.i
County a considerable number of Republicans will
onieci to a convention made up of appointed instead
of elected delegate?, and a similar condition of affairs
prevr-Is elsewhere. It is not worth while, however,
to pro over the whole State for examples. The safe
rule is that which we have stated — wherever there is
any difference of sentiment on the subject it is the
duty of the party authorities to provide for primaries.
The members of the party who demand primaries
have on their side the call of the National Committee
ard the law of the State. An attempt, therefore, to
ijrnore their demand would be a blunder of the worst
kind, and might seriously compromise the campaign
ir. more ways than one.
AHUSE3IE2JTS.
I Grand Oper*-hous«— "An Arabian Girl."
Ori&euin— Vaudeville.
Alciiar— "Quo Vadl*."
CV.iforr.:a— "A Bachelcr'* Rciaanc*."
California— Petsrhr.'.koS and H&abourg this artercoon.
Columbia— Wes-t'e lllnrtrels.
T:vc2i— "The Wizard of the Nile."
Flsch«r'« Concert Houjfc— •'"Cavallerla Rusticana."
Cfcute*. Zoo «n<J Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
••. • r.:r.~.
¦Olyxspia. corner "z.*on and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Octrai Park — Gentry's Tratnei Animal Show.
Xl CaropP — r»«r.c:ng, bowlir.g, fishing, etc., every Sunday.
Western Turf Association— Raree to-<iay.
Young District Messenger Conveying From Philadelphia an Album Containing Newspaper Clippings
Favoring the Cause of the Boers and a Sympathetic Message Signed by 28,000 Schoolboys.
JAMES FRANCIS SMITH. THE COURIER; MAP SHOWING HIS ROUTE; FAC SIMILE OF PORTION OF PAGE
IN THE ALBUM, AND THE NORTH AMERICAN'S ADDRESS TO "OOM" PAUL. .
A PASSENGER on the swift ocean liner St. Louis, plowing
her way across the Atlantic, is James Francis Smith, a 16
year-old American District messenger, who is carrying
to President Kruger at Pretoria a message of sympathy
signed by 25.000 school boys of Philadelphia. Accompanying
this message is an album nearly two feet square, containing 500
leaves, on which are pasted clippings from prominent papers
in the United States. Among these clippings is one from The
Call of March 14, containing Father Yorke's stirring plea for
the brave burghers.
The album is being sent to President Kruger by the North
American in order vhat the people of South Africa may learn
what the press of America has to say about them.
Although W. W. Rayons, the general superintendent of the
American District Telegraph Company in New York, declares
that any messenger in the service would carry a message to
President Kruger. as a matter of course, and would start
without a moment's hesitation, young Smith is the happy se
lection from nearly 2000 boys. When Mr. Rayons was asked to
"ring up a boy" he sent orders to the district managers to
have the pick of their boys report at his office. About forty
boys responded, and these were quickly weeded out until three
remained. They were kept under observation for a couple of
days and finally the selection fell on young Smith. He was de-
tailed to special duty under Mr. Rayons and had no idea of.
the important mission intended for h!m.
He remained under scrutiny for several days and was then
suddenly asked. "Will you carry a message to President
Kruger?"
"Yes. sir," came the instant reply.*
"Do you know -where to find him?"
"Yes. sir; in South Africa."
"Supposing you find that President Kramer has been taken
to St. Helena when you reach South Africa, what will you do'/"
"Follow him to St. Helena, or to the end of the earth if
necessary.". ;.-!
"Do you know where St. Helena is?"
"Yes* sir; it is the island where Napoleon was Imprisoned
The boy. although earnest and alert, showed no more sur
prise or emotion when told that he was to go on an errand of
nearly 12,000 miles than if he had been sent around the corner
with a local telegram.
When asked what he would do if the British soldiers at
tempted to stop him on his way to Pretoria, he replied. "I would
appeal to an American Consul for protection."
The boy. who is known on the messenger force as No. V 'i.
will reach Havre on the ISth inst. and will then follow the
route indicated on the above map to Pretoria.
A WESTERN MAN WANTED.
REPUBLICAN leaders in the East are reported
to be well nigh unanimous in desiring the
nomination of a Western candidate for the
Vice Presidency on the Republican ticket. The occa
sion is therefore. propitious for the advancement of
such a candidate. It appears certain that if the Great
West will put forward a strong man, and give him
cordial support, the nomination for that high office
can be obtained for him.
The opportunity thus afforded for California to
place one of her citizens in the Vice Presidency
should not be overlooked. This is the Empire State
of the West. Its prestige on the Pacific Coast is
higher than that of New York on the Atlantic, but
that prestige has never been exerted in politics, and
accordingly the State has never had anything like its
rightful power and place in governmental affairs. The
call for a Western man coming at this time is there
fore one to which the Republicans of California
should give heed. The nomination is equivalent to
an election, and by the display of harmony and
energy at this juncture we may mark the beginning
of the new century by installing in the second highest
office of the republic a representative of the Pacific
There are many reasons why a Western man should
be preferred to one from the East at this time. In
the first place the choice of a candidate would
strengthen the ticket to some extent in this section
of the Union, and in the second place it would be a
due recognition of the growing greatness of the West
as compared with that section of the Union lying cast
of the Mississippi. The time has gone by when Eastern
wits could with any show of reason refer to the com
monwealths of the West as "mining camps." The
mining industry remains, but to it has been added
every other form of industry, and population and
wealth have increased to such an extent that these
States have now a right to claim a full share of the
highest offices in the land.
California does not lack for citizens well fitted t:»
fill the Vice Presidential office. It would be invidious
to cite the names of some worthy of the office while
omitting others, but it would be easy to name several
whom the people of the State could support with a
just pride for the position. The Call has no par
ticular candidate of ifs own to urge upon the party.
It will cordially unite in supporting any man whom
the Republicans of the State will nominate. The issue
is before the party. There comes from the East what
appears to be an earnest call for a Western candi
date, and California should not lose the opportunity
to advance her political prestige by presenting a man
whose candidacy would be acceptable to Republicans
.throughout the Union.
ryi^ s3^ rr g n s fop ¦(+. wj
WEDNESDAY APRIL 18, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
/caress Mi Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
PLBLICATIOX OFFICE. .Mnrkrt nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISOS.
EDITORS AI, ROOMS.... yi7 to 221 Stevexmon St.
Trlrphonc MIIIII 1574.
I)«-IlT«Tcd »iy rnrrlrrf. 15 Onl« Per AVeeU.
stnc!e Copien. 5 Ont».
Terms t>>- Mail. 'ii.-ln.Miijr I'o'tasei
D-AII.T CALL (ir.cljdlr.K Sunday), one year M.Oft
DAILY CALL 'including Sunday). 6 mer.tfca 3.00
I>AlLl' CAI.L <!r.clufilr.c Sunday). 3. raor.tfc* 1-™
DAILY CALL— Hy Str-ele Heart «5c
KIXIAV CALL One T«r ' r>o
WKKWLT CALL. One Year *00
All poi» t uitt s t^rs nr(* authorised to rtcf ltc
¦ atmertptiona.
Sample ccr'.es will he forwarded when request el.
O.UiLAM) OFFICE 111S Droadvray
C. GEORGE. KRCGNESS.
Itanager Foreign fcdvrriidngr/Marquette Eirliirig, Chicago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central tilt.")
NEVT TOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CA.P.LTON Herald Square
NETS' TORK ItEPIU-SENTATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 39 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fh*rrr.an nouf*; P. O. News Co.; Great Xcrtaern Hotel:
Fret^oct House; Auditorium Hotel.
NETW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- A storta Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE _ Wellington Hotei
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
CllA^cn OFFICE* — r?T Montgomery, ccrn?r or Cay. cpec
until J>:3o o'clock. SOO Hare*, open until 9:30 o'clock. C3!>
McAl'ifter. cpen until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Lark!-, open ur.t:!
»:80 Vdock. 1941 Ml'clon. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 10*;
Valencia, open uttJ * o'clock. 1C« Eleventh, cpen until
9 o'clock. NW. comer Twenty-eecond acd Kentucky.
1 ;-r. until 9 o'clock.
through carelessness or the mistaken desire to ob
tain larger profits by lowering the quality. * * *
This conclusion is the more obvious when we con
sider that .the remarkable development of our exports
of manufactures has been due to their excellence
rather than to any marked improvements in our
methods of pushing sales abroad."
Since so much complaint is heard of our Consular
service, it is worth noting in this connection the Re
view proves that a great deal of valuable work is done
by the present officers. The published reports are of
great use to manufacturers and to merchants, and no
other country has so rapid a system of disseminating
information, or one that so satisfactorily meets the re
quirements of industry and commerce.
TURNING OUT COOLIE CITIZENS
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 17.— Thomas L.
Hall and wife, A. Hohn and Robert Mc-
Kenzie and wife of San Francisco are at
the St. James.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 17.— J. S. Hanna of
San Francisco is at the Holland; W. C.
Morrow of Palo Alto is at the Holland;
James G. Maguire of San Francisco is at
the Imperial.
The local bubonic yellow sheet has added to its
laurels by wrecking a ship off Santa Cruz. It was
1 only an imaginative wreck, but was in the improved
j style of the art.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. W. Evans of Modesto is at the
Grand. :,-.
Dr. F. S. Coolidge of Chicago is at the
Palace.
E. L. Barkis, a merchant of Oakdale, is
at the Lick.
F. D. Nichol, an attorney of Stockton, is
I at the Lick.
Jesse B. Root, a mining man of Butte.
is at the Palace.
12 T. Hatfield, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the Lick.
E. W. Smith, the proprietor of Congress
Springs, is at the Grand.
L. C. "Wlttenmeyer, a banker of Mar
tinez, is at the Grand.
Thomas D. Pctch, a prominent merchant
of Eureka, is at the Grand.
Frank H. Short, an attorney of Fresno,
and wife are at the Palace.
James Waters, an attorney of Watson
ville, and his wife are at the Grand.
• General Carlos A. Lacayo, Consul Gen
eral for Nicaragua, is at the Palace.
W. S. Norman, proprietor of the Spo
kane Hotel at Spokane, "Wash., Is at the
Palace.
Great changes, it is said, are to be made in the
"upper office" of the Police Department. This is one
of the few cases where the people can rest with the
assurance that change cannot be anything else but for
the better.
AMERICAN WORDS OF CHEER FOR PRESIDENT KRUGER
THE SAN FRAJSTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, 'APRIL 18, 1900.
THE COOLIE SHADOW
THERE is no room for any honest or thoughtful
person to misunderstand the purpose of The
Call's attempt to prevent the illegal landing ut
Chinese by exposing the method of it. In our first
expose we made no charge against any official. We
simply reproduced the official records, leaving con
clusions to be drawn by the reader. It is known that
not many Chinese laborers here have families; that
is one objection to their presence among us. Surely,
then, it is enough to put officials on their caution that
3000 male coolies are admitted within the last three
years as native sons, who went back to China before
the first exclusion law in 1882, and have concluded to
return to their birthplace only when the last law and
treaty close to them all methods of entry, except the
native son route. It will be interesting to examine
the proofs made of their birthplace and see the small
percentage born outside of San Francisco, and the
large proportion, running into the hundreds, who
were born at the same number on some street in
Chinatown. All of this internal evidence that the
majority of their landings are by fraud and perjury
is accessible.
What The Call desires is that the last treaty with
China and the exclusion law passed in pursuance
thereof be honestly administered. We desire that all
Chinese excepted from exclusion shall have their
rights, without -being compelled to bribe any Ameri
can officer to get them. We admit that proof may be
shown of cases in which Chinese merchants, and
others in the excepted classes, have been compelled
to pay dishonest officers for a right that belonged to
them under the law. We admit, also, that it is the
rule that when men have to secure by bribery what
belongs to them, they will recoup themselves by get
ting by bribery what does not belong to them. This
has been the curse of this whole Chinese business.
It has run through, it all. from the payment to the
police of a monthly bribe for protection to vice in
Chinatown clear to the fraudulent landing of ex
cluded Chinese by evasion of the Federal law. Now
a cry is raised that our latest exposure, consisting
merely of the publication of the official records, will
injure San Francisco by prejudicing the Chinese mer
chant class, whose presence is absolutely requisite in
the enlargement of our trade with their country. We
deny that exposure of violations of the law will have
any such effect. The system we expose injures the
merchant class, not its exposure. We insist that mer
chants and their bona fide wives and families shall
have the entry rights and freedom of transit and com
munication required by them, as by all merchants, in
the prosecution of their business. We affirm, aiso,
that they would have and enjoy these rights unob
structed and be treated with the same consideration
and courtesy accorded to their class of other races if
the law and treaty were uprightly administered.
As long as craft, cunning and corruption are in ac
tion to defeat the law by landing the excluded classes
the excepted classes and the merchants will suffer.
We believe that the Chinese merchants understand
this. We believe that they resent the landing of boat
women as merchants" wives. We are sure that Mr. Ho
Vow, the Consul General, appreciates the force of
what we say. He is a gentleman of extraordinary in
telligence, with talent^ and training that would make
him a credit to any race, and he ought to know that it
is to the best interests of his people that American
officials administer the exclusion law strictly and
justly. That is what The Call is trying to secure.
The place to begin is with the American officials, if
the law is evaded it is by reason of their corruption or
carelessness, their lack of honesty or their lack of in
telligence. What we are doing is not to the injury of
San Fr2ncisco, but for its benefit. If we succeed in
making this port noted for the best and strictest en
forcement of the exclusion law, we have made San
Francisco the best city in the United States for the
Chinese merchants, upon whom our trade with that
country depends.
We must be credited with discrimination in the mat
ter. When Consul General Ho Vow asked for greater
Harness and justice to the Chinese merchants he was
attacked by the Examiner and charged with trying to
punch a hole in the exclusion law. That paper and
others like it make a sensational play of the Chinese
question, and dump merchants and all together. It
hns never done any good by that policy. When the
party it represents was administering the law corrup
tion and bribery were so rank that buzzards fled to
their carrion for fresh air.
We are not making a sensation, but are deter
mined to stop the corruption or the stupidity, or
bcth. now plainly evident in the administration of the
law.
Give the excepted Chinese all their rights, without
bribe or price, but teach the excluded classes that
r.either by corruption nor craft can they get rights
that are denied by the law, is the policy we have in
view.
6Butchers at a Barbecue.
The Journeymen Butchers* Association
Is making extensive preparations for Its
annual excursion next Sunday to San
Jose. A great barbecue will be the prin
cipal feature of the occasion. The com
mittees in charge of the affair are as fol
lows: Arrangements— Ben Davis, George
(ilatlaoal7l>7 John I. Broxn A Son, Beaton.)
glvo Instant relief In
Hosrssness
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK, '.IiSiSS
TWO WEEKS. Betrlnnlni? Saturday. April 14th.
Trained Animal Show!
Laj-irer and Grander than Ever. Twice its
former slxe. Three Hundred Elephants, Ponies,
Monkeys and Dcgs. Giving positively the most
unique and rovel exhibition ever witnessed
under canv&a Representing the highest pos-
sible development of animal Intelligence. 75 —
WONDKRFUL ACTS— 7S. More startling and
difficult th»D ever wrformed by their human
prototypes in the sawdust arena. The fad of
the fash tenable* and fin Instructive show for old
and j'ounc A most mrx-al and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and . best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Ad):il«s!on—ChlMren, : 10c;
Adulte. 25c. Performance at 3 o'clock after-
noon. 6:20 night. Bee Grand Parade at nooa
*»rh «lav Khnw rain nr «:.:ne
NEW WESTER* IIOTEU
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeied and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, iOc to SI 50 day:
(j to U week: $8 to S?0 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
lA/. X. HESS,
KCTAaY PBJVi; ANO /.TTuSKiiy-AT-Li*.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown Ml.
Residence. S2I California St., below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
Sohade. William Wels, Ben Osswald and
J. Lyons; danrinß— C. Catolr (floor man
ager),- F. Krauer, H. Brunhofer. R. C.
Kelly and M. R. Japer; barbecue— Ben
Davis. J. W. Borchers. H. Bar and C.
Rosenberg: officers — Past president. John
O'Kcefe; president. R. C. Kelly; vice
president. "William Wels: recording secre
tary. Ben Davis: financial secretary.
Georjre Schade, and treasurer. C. Rinaln-
Ker; directors — B. Osswald, H. Kockler,
Gus Know and Gus Loab. r
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Hatch, Sunol L Perkins Vancouver
J B French, Seattle H Buck. Vancouver
D Bird. Taccma I) M Hawley & w, Ind
A X Newby, San Jose M Hull <fe w, Cal
H Smith. New York F A Brown & w. Wash
J. H Grande. Cal H WulfT & w, B C
F Turner, San Diero J J Roomey, Stockton
P W Olwell. Morttsto P J McDermott, Cal
W H Judson. Ctl Mrs Grenfell & d. Cal
R P Judson. Los Ang W B Hunt. Oakdale
Dr J R Gnst & w. Pa
PALACE HOTEL.
F S Armistead. Va Mrs W G Mercler. Ia
J II Kahn, Stanford Miss M Mercler. Ia
F P Watson, Socto ¦ O W Mercler. lowa
G B Cramer. N V Mrs W J Owens, Va
J H Hensley, Mass Miss Owens. Va
J H Clark &w. N V W H Knapp, NaDa
W B Ayer, Portland" J S Tobin t w, a Mat
G Cunningham. Oakld F H Lefavor & w.USN
F D Bates, San Mateo J B Osborne, Atlanta
J II Chancey. Cal Gen C A Uackay. Nlc
\V D Shea. NY R R Blacker, Mich
D Fahler. N V Mrs E Morrison. China
L Mallayer. Oregon F R Day & w. Honolu
C H Redward, Oregon A M Davis & w, Cal
H Doyle. Vancouver X W Brown, Fre-jno
A G Stein. N V P Devaux. Belgium
F E Short & w, Fresno O F Aldis. Chicago
G \V Koenie. BoFton O W AUls; Chlcai-o
Mrs Eitz, San Jose H Gulberklar, Turkey
Dr F S Coolldge. 11l W G Martin. Germany
B C Lelte A .w, Chicago P Nlcdieck. Lobberlck
C M Steward, Chicago V A Busbrldse, Ensld
G G Curtis, lowa A G Williams, Enelnd
F W Penfield. Chicago W Rottlsberxer & w,
p Dewell, Los Anx Vienna
H L Johnson, N V ' A Frankenber«. N V
Miss N Whelbey, N TtIHH Stout & w. USA
GRAND HOTEL.
H C Hills, Orovllle |O Turner &w, Modsto
V W Hartley, Vacavll Mr Schmidt, L. An;
J A Boxes, St Louis J C Paine, Fowler
A J Larson, Lodl J B Lnmkln. San Jose
T Crai*. Capay M M Proto, Boston
H O Church. Chlcaeo NY Schaw, Sacramento
F A Kauftman, Wood! O Bulaw. RsddlnK
J Doedefeld. Colusa ' H I Hopplne. MD.
C G Lee. Cal Ventura
C A Moore. Sacrament A Kamp, Fresno
C A Moore. Sacto W A Dunn, New York
G L Chapman, L Ang; G J Wheeler. Buffalo
A C Blossom. Stocktoft Mrs J C Jones, Healdrg
L Goodwin, Sacto J Waters & w. Wtsnvl
It A Newell. Oakland J P Schllnsman, Mill
C Ooldln*. St Louis Valley
C H J Schlott. Mo W T Henn. Marysvllle
P AY Morse. Watsonvl A F Bell. S Barbara
H Dlsaue, Cal ' W A Smith & w,
W L Perkins. Cal Springfield
A GUchrlflt. Eureka P L Buxton. Worcester
T D Petch, Eureka R Hardy & w. Wyo
C M L Hoard. Eureka Mrs J R Trask, Sprngd
Mrs M A Co&urn. Colo B V Nance. Pomona
A E Maeee Jr. Oak J F Johnson. S Brndno
L E Doan, L Angeles S V Ralrh. Alvarado
S Craft, Los Angeles G A McElfresh, L. Ang
I) D Benedict & w, O C T Barton. Sacto
C H Glaser. San Diego i A F McPhale. Reno
W B Johnson & w.Ctl M J O'Reilly. S Andrs
W B Johnson & w, P T Green, Sonora
Stockton T D Fleming. Ind
Miss Sausbury. Portlnd Mrs C B Rachn, Chgo
A H Hart. New York W E Fencher. Chicago
J F Greenlee. Kans E A Smith. Cal
A C Westrate, Kan* A Starbuck. L Ane
E M Grlnnels, Oakland Mr Van Martin. Cal
E V Skellman. N V O C Martin. Cal
O McFarland, Napa L C Wittenmeyer, Cal
O H Southard. Mich J W Caaebursr. Sacto
P Dlnsmore. San Jos« C A Warefleld. Merced
J B Richardson. ' Sulsu F Frye, Seattle
J B Richardson. Sulßun
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This is a critical period
in the life of every woman
and no mistakes should
be madem
The one 'recognized and
reliable help for women
who are approaching and
passing through this
wonderful change is
Lydia E. Pir.Uham's Vegetable Compound I
¦ ¦ « ¦! I Mil I. ¦¦ HI I ¦ II I
That the utmost reliance
can he placed upon this
groat medicine Is testi-
fied to hy an army of
grateful women who have
been helped by aim
Mrsm Pfakham, who has
the greatest and most
successful experience in
the world to qualify her,
v/ill advise you free of
charge* Her address is
Lynn,FJ3assm Write to her m
§ Fill I Sri 9ttl HS
I No More Dread of the Dental Chair |
S 22-K Gold Crowrjs $5.00 g
jg Gold FiWogs LOO §
gSi ver FiWogs 50 ft
$ Teeth Without Plate 5.00 $
| no PLATES 1
§ New York Dental Parlors!
g . HISTORY BUILDING, 723 MARKET ST. £
O Portland Office— Fourth and Morrison Q
Q Streeta. Q
ioeoB393o6eoB»o6oeoeoocecB99CBoooeceoeoboeoeQ6c^
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
Rumpus on the Doric Just
Before the Mail Boat
Got Away.
Eleven Out of Twenty-Six Austrian
Contract Laborers Bound for !
Hawaii Made Good Their
Escape From Ship.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's steamer Doric sailed for the
Orient via Honolulu yesterday with a very
large cargo and a crowd of cabin passen
gers. Among the latter were Chang Hai
Kwan of the Chinese embassy in Wash
ington, who is nolng home. Commanders
A. R. Condon nr.d George Cowle, U. S. N.,
were also pas3engers. The latter goes out
to take charge of the machine shops at
Cavlte, while the former will take com
mand of one of the warships. J. H. Clai
borne, secretary for Pope & Talbot, Is
making the trip for his health. He takes
with him some very fine samples of Cali
fornia woods and will exhibit them in
China and Japan.
There was a big rumpus just before the
Doric got away. Twenty-six contract la
borers were supposed to sail on the vessel,
but only fifteen of them materialized. The
men are Austrians and came to the United
States under' contract to work in the
Hawaiian canefields. When they reached
here they learned what they would have
to do In the islands, and all made a break
for liberty. Eleven of them are still at
largo, but when the Doric sailed the other
fifteen were 1 securely locked up in the
forepeak of the ship with a strong guard
over them. The Southern Pacific detec
tives are now on the trail of the escapes,
and if they are caught they will be sent
on to Honolulu on the next steamer.
Nippon Mara Arrives.
The Japanese mail steamer Nippon
Maru arrived from the Orient via Hono
lulu yesterday. There were no new cases
of plague reported on the islands, but,
nevertheless, Dr. Klnyoun ordered the
vessel into quarantine. Late in the after
noon the cabin passengers from Hong
kong and Yokohama were landed, but the
Honolulu passengers will be kept aboard
until the vessel is released. The cabin
passengers on the Nippon Maru were:
Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Sims and child. V. R.
BusbrMce, 8. Okada. General G. H. Weeks. O.
F. Aldls. O. V. Aldls, Mr. and Mrs. T. P.
Terry and Infant, Mrs. E. Morrison. K. Mat
suno, Mr. and Mrs. U. Rathlesbereer, R. \V.
Bell, H. G. Williams, Mr. Kabayashl. J. C.
Wilkinson, J. Helm and family. Rev. W. H.
Grant, T. Inomata, August Karlsson, Mr. and
Mrs. I'aul Devaux, Miss A. L. Derrick, T.
Nledick. J. E. Auzerais, Rev. Julius Soper,
W\ J. Schmidt. W. J. Reese, W. H. Behrens,
E. L. Clark, Dr. W. C. Noble, H. WaterhousX
and wife, A. Waterhouse, E. Phillips. A. Gart
ley A. Wilhoit, J. M/ Patton, 8. Chamberlain,
Miss J. McDonald, Mrs. H. M. Freck, Mr*.
N. L. Kerr; F. M. Hatch, wife and two chil
dren; MiM J. E. Chapln. Miss Mary F. Den
ton, Miss A. r. Adams, Mis» K. M. Mlnahan,
Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Scholl; J. W. Berßstrom,
Young Loock, A. C. Paulsmeyer, Mr. and Mrs.
K. Matsuno, Mn. W. Minton. Mr. and Mrs.
W. Laanz. Dr. F. R. Day and wife, Mrs.- C.
L. Anh. H. F. Marsh. W. H. Baird, L. F.
Marshall, Miss E. Uurkland, N. Hayaahi. Mrs.
H. Brand, W. R. Farrlngton, E. Tenney. W.
B. Brown. E. J. Catton. C. D. Vincent. W.
Gulbenkian, Chin* Tai, M. Keahokololl.
The Nippon Maru brought over 480 Asi
atics In the steerage. Of these 266 are
Chinese and 214 Japanese. The latter will
all be landed, unless it can be proven they
come here as contract laborers. Among
the Chinese there is the usual percentage
of "native sons."
The Mail steamer brings a valuable
cargo. Among It is a large quantity of
raw silk and tea. besides 817 packages of
opium and J1.025.000 in treasure.
Water Front Notes.
The California Navigation Company has
purchased two steamers for the Sacra
mento River trade. When the Klondike
boom was at its height the Alaaka- Yukon
Transportation Company came into ex
istence. It had three river boats con
structed at the Fulton Iron Works— the
James Eva, Walter, J. Scammell and H.
J. Barling. The James Eva was lost while
being towed to St. Michael, and one or
Two Insolvents.
Ix)uls Rothenberg, salesman, residing In
this city, filed a petition in innolvency
yesterday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are JS4.SO9 41 and he
has no assets. His principal creditors are
Chicago merchants.
William F. Peacock, clerk, Sacramento;
liabilities. JI3SO 50; no assets.
The Call's
Home Study Circle
THE GOLDEN AGE OF ENGLISH LITERATURE
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEIV /\GES OF" LITERATURE.
XVII. THE ELIZABETHAN AGE.
BY VIDA D. SCUDDER.
Golden is a good adjective to apply to
Elizabethan literature, for that literature
Is all aglow with light. The sunshine of
the great Elizabethan day is pure and
fresh and Joyous at the beginning, in the
poetry of Sidney and Spenser; it is glo
rious with radiant warmth in the magnifi
cent work of Shakespeare; it is increas
ingly sad, though lovely, and suffused
with tragic crimson at last, as it stoops to
evening in the Jacobean drama.
We must remember that the Elizabeth
an period lasted really only a very short
time. Centuries had dragged their slow
length along with only here and there a
voice lifted to break the stillness; then
FUddenly, in the last quarter of the six
teenth century, England burst forth in a
chorus of song. We call the literary pc-
ing a quarter of a century more. All the
forces, however, which created the litera
ture of the renaissance were well under
way before Shakespeare died; after him
they were in their decline, and no new
method or power manifested itself till the
dying renaissance, the dominant puritan
ism, and the promise of the stately classi
cal reaction, all met in the work of Mil
ton.
From 1573 to MM is less than half a cen
tury, but in s-pniflcanr-e and beauty it
means more than all the ages that had
gone before. And it witnessed a complete
and profoundly interesting literary devel
opment In three clearly marked phases.
The first phase lasted until the publica
tion of the first three books of the "Fae
rie Queen" in 1590. This is a .non-dra
matic period, though the drama is begin
ning. Sir Philip Sidney and Spenser are
its two characteristic men; the work of
Spenser in particular spans and sums it
all. The rest of the Elizabethan age 1 •
dominated by the drama, and with tho
drama it passes through two distinc*
moods, though we cannot put our finger
riod that followed the Elizabethan age,
but it dees not really coincide with the
reign of the great Queen. She had as
cended the throne tn 15ii7, and during the
first half of her reign a hush rested upon
the land. We cannot wonder at this when
we realize that men were yet breathless
as It were with the shock and terror of
the experiences inflicted on the nation in
the reign of Queen Mary. Men whose
fathers had perhaps burned at the stake
were in no mood to chant madrigals. But
in the silence of the first twenty years of
Elizabeth's reign the keen observer can
trace ample signs of promise. All things
Indeed made ready for a great imagina
tive expansion. The foundations of the
national power hud at last been laid firm.
The young nation was at peace within,
enjoying a new commercial prosperity;
abroad she was measuring herself in no
ble warfare against Spain, a heroic foe.
Excited by the still recent discovery of
new worlds and of the classic past, men
looked away from the heavens whereon
their gaze all through the middle ages
had been fixed, beheld with a thrill of
freedom the horizons of earth ever widen
ing receding, beckoning, and felt them
selves, with Puck, able to clap a girdle
round the earth. A new temper was aris
ing, a temper of unbounded enthusiasm
for human art, beauty and learning, for
human passion and for human life. Tread
softly, for we are entering the days of
Shakespeare, the days of Spenser also and
of Sir Philip Sidney, of Bacon and Hooker
and Raleigh and Ben Jnnson. the days of
the sweetest lyrics England has ever
heard, of a noble reflective prose, of a su
preme drama.
It was in the year 1579 that three nota
ble books were published— "Euphues," a
quaint romance which attempted the un
accustomed feat of describing with what
tried to be realism the experiences of a
young gentleman ot the day; North's
translation of "Plutarch's Lives." a book
on which Shakespeare was nourished, and
Spenser's lovely series of pastoral ec
logues, the "Shepherd's Calendar." The
Elizabethan period of literature had be-
To mark its close Is lees easy. We may
take the death of the Queen. In 1603, the
year after that in which "Hamlet" was
acted. Or. and this is more sensible, we
may take the death of Shakespeare, in
1616 Or we may go on still further, for
great things continued to be written dur-
on the exact elate when one mood changed
Into the other.
Let us look at the first phase. When
first the mysterious Impulse toward ar
tistic expression befcan to stir, men did
not take It very seriously. They toyed
with l!f> and art, poetry and prose. They
were •"empasslonrd" to u?e a fine word
of Spenser's, with felicity of phrase.
They tried countless literary experiments.
What, for instance, was the right way of
writing Enpllah verse? Should they copy
the quantitative, unrhymetl measures of
the ancients? Yes. answered for a tlmo
some of the best critics. Absurd though
this answer appear to us, we cannot won
der that it was Riven then. For the diff
nity and beauty of classic meters fell
fresh on people's ears, and of English
models they had few or none. So they set
to work solemnly to concoct hexameters,
sajjphics, what you will — an extraordinary
work they made of it. But the lovely,
new-born verse of English song laughed
at their pedantry, and her laughter rip
pled through their veins like music, and
in spite of themselves they began to sing
—these would-be learned poets. Soon they
became intoxicated with the beauty of
their own words. They did not approve of
rhyme, but rhyme they did. with delicate
ease and abundance. They wanted to
write solemn quantitative verse, and mel
odies infinite in variety and charm rose
unbidden to their lips. No lyrical devel
opment has ever been seen like that of the
Elizabethan age.
What caused the whole nation to break
forth at once into sinking? Who can tell?
The more we study the more amazed we
grow at the singing quality that was in
the Elizabethan air. inspiring not only
great poets like Sidney and Spenser, but
al?o hosts of minor singers, unnamed and
unknown. The numerous anthologies pub
lished durlnnr this period attest the
strength of the lyrical Impulse. Their very
names are redolent of fantasy and sweet
ness. "The Paradise of Dainty Devices."
"A Gorgeous Gallery of Gallant Inven
tions." "The Phoenix's Nest." "The Pas
sionate Pilgrim." "England's Helicon."
"Davison's Poetical Rhapsody" arjj some
of them. Several of these have been re
printed In attractive modern editions. To
turn their pages is to wander through a
fragrant garden, breathing spice and
sweetness on every side.
Note — This study will be concluded to
morrow.
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION,
In acroriißrce with the directions of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
de>pnted representatives of ths Republican
Party frcm the eeveral States assemble In Na-
tional Convention in the city of Philadelphia,
State cf Penr.s>l\ania. on TUESDAY, the l?th
day of June. A. D. 1?00, nt 11 o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President ar.d Vice President of
the United State«, and for IUCh other business
as may be brought before said ccnventlon: and
In accordance with the instructions given by
raid National Committee, directing that the
Ccngressicnal District delegates shall be chosen
at a convection called by the Congressional
Committee of each paid district. In the same
manner as the nomination <;f a Representative
in Congress Is made in said district; therefore.
b; It v-
Resolved, By the REPUBLICAN ' STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Farty of gald.
t;ate. that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Ccnsregslcnal Conventions of their Con-
(Cressicnal Districts, to be held as hereinafter
I rcvided. at which two delegates shall be
chosen to represent each of >>uch districts In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held as aforc«a!d. and for the
*e!ectlcn of two alternate deletates. to a'.-t In
ca?e of the absence of the deles-ite* first chosen.
The **lerticn of the delegates of the Con-
tre«sional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion cf the Congressional Committee of each
dlf-trlct. In accordance with the call of the
Proviiled, That the basis of representation
to said CoßsxeEEional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One dclecate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces mere than one county, there shall b»
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In such Assembly District,
sn3 one delegate for each 300 votes cast for
H»nry T. Gace, Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In ISOS. and one delegate for each frac-
It is further directed that the delegates
r!-.c*en to the Congressional Conventions Fha.ll
rr.^et tn State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
ISOO. ct I o'clock p. m.. to select four delefcate*-
at-lare* to the NATIONAL RKPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and fnur al-
ternate delegates, to act in ca«e the delrrates
prit-cted be absent, for the election of a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further buxlnexs a« may be brought be-
It is further directed that where primary
flections arc held the test for voters *hall be:
#- I believe In R»ruli!lran principles and in-
<!cr»e the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of Precld^nt McKir.ley, and Intend
to eupport the nominees of th« Republican
Party at the enfuin* election."
It !s further directed that contests must be
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Ccmmlttee in writing, ¦with a full statement
cf the rrcunds of the contest, five days pre-
c<»dln(f the meeting of the State convention.
All matters rclatinc to such contest before the
Crn*re**!nnal Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee nt Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
<sr,y of May. 1&00.
Adopted hy the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE *t San Francisco. April
« 1900. E. C HART RorrPtary.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE HIT OF HITS!
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
AND ORPHEUM STARS.
VATINEF. TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). April IS.
Parquet, r>c. any Beat: balcony. 10c: Chil-
dren. H*. any rart .
MAU2ELLA: GUITANOS: FALKE: SER-
NON: DUNCAN: BELLMAN: MOORE:
I?n:mv OAVLOR: DE FORRKPTS: EMPIRE
COMEDY FOUR: HANVF.Y: COOLEY;
WILBUR: FULLER: PI STKH.'iINS.
BBXKO THE CHILDREN TO SEE
JniBZFMA'S PERFORMING BIRDS
Asd THE fiUITAXOS' PASIOHKL
DO t
YOU I RE/VIE/V\GER
THIS IS THE LAST WEI'.K OF
X BACIitLOR'i ROMANCE
TT.e Charming: ComMy so Excellently Pre-
:-etitcd by
A\R. JAMES NEILL
AND HIS SUPERB COMPANY,
KEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
"CAPTAIN LETTERBL^IR"
ANOTHER BEAUTIFUL COMEDY
To b» I»res<Miteil on SUNDAY NIGHT NEXT
CALIFORNIA THEATER
A VERITABLE MUSICAL SENSATION !
THE GREATEST MUSICAL EVENT O
Til KM ALL.
SEGOHD DaKCEBT THIS AFTEBJiOO!..
PROMPTLY AT 2:30 P. M
THE TWO GREAT RUSSIANS,
PETSCHNIKOFF,
The Poet of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
Thf Ycunc Fiefrfr'ed of the Piano.
A! ME LAZ2HAUME',
Distinfru'shed Composer end Pianist.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
IloF.rved Seat* Me. $1. II
I. AFT CONCERT FRIDAY AFTERNOON.
*TJV@LI*
AM I A WIZ? " COIuE AND SEE I
ENORMOUS ACCESS
OF THE SUPF.r.3 COMIC OPERA,
"THE WIZARD
?L NILE."
Th+ Groat **t Derr.ar.-1 Pot Spats On Record: 1 .
KVHXINGS at S. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
I v_J>i: H MRyhl?^\h j?« ieadi*o
An Unceasing Rush for Seats !
Laft 5 Nirhls and Matinee Saturday
W/:V1. H. WEST S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
NOTICE.
FYTOA Special Feature. P.e«rinninß
V^./\. A AH. TO-NIGHT— Th* Musical
Pensati'.n. -THE ALTAI: HOYS DREAM."
Novel Boenlc and Licl:t Effects'.
sF»f£ci/\L O£ r q^y. c/u 7^« cm
F>reiGfc:» ****i "^ "^i '<-'kj v A «
Next Monday— WAßD and YOKES in the
musical farce. "THE FLOOR WALKERS."
M#^ P* jyf house
riiON'E MAIN £32.
THE TALK OF THE WHOLE CITY
GENUINE TRIUMPH OF OUR NEW YORK
COMPANY IN THE GREATKST EX-
TRAVAGANZA PRODUCTION SAN
FKANCIPCO HAS EVER
K.MWN.
DAVID HENDERSONS FAMOUS
Or ALI KABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES.
CROWDED EVKHY NIGHT
Seats «.¦!! Two \\>«-ks in Advance.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES
Good Reserved Seat in Orcbeatra at Saturday
and Sunday Matinees, 2r>c.
nrar.eh Ticket Office Emporium.
4^."f HEATR t^A r
Every Nlffht at S o'clock.
WEEK and
%^T CONTINUED SUCCES3I
"QUO VADISI"
NEVfcR BEFORE BUCH A SUCCESS AT THE
Ri-»erv><J Sects Six Days In Advance.
PRICES— ISc, 2cc. 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Tin: only Fi.fr: vaudeville show in
HE CITY
ROM LO KROTHERS.
The Wcrld'a Greatest Head-to-head Balancers.
THE BLACK BARTOiNS,
The Ar>tocrary of Colored Comedy
ALICE RAYMOND,
The Ce'.rbraUsd Lady Ccrnetist.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEZS KVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAY.
$i iuliiifiii [%
CONCERT HOUSE
I^2-124 O'fAitftELL ST.
K. A. KISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
The Humlscme«t Mu*ic HaM In America.
H2NRJCHF SUPERB ORCHESTRA.
the :ji:pt music.
THE FINEST VOiCKS
PATRONIZED L!V THE IitTET PEOPLE.
GRAND OPERA FOrt ONE DIME!
NO UEEniIVED SEATS.
COME EAHLT AND AVOID THE RUSH.
OUCAT ISILL.
PIONORINA HA?a>i;cCl. PIGNORINA POL-
!.;:tti.vi. pignoriica pueuehl signor
baoauacco. bexor vargas, the beau-
tiful salvlnl, thomas dunn. the
'.VONDHRI-I-I. HOY SOPRANO.
"CAVALLKIHA RrSTICANA."
10c ADMISSION 10c
CHUTES AND ZOO.^iSj."
JONTS. OAVIP AND KHARD: THE HEW-
ITTS: EDWARD ADAMS: HANIXJN AND
FIN«ER: CLARENCE LINDEN: MCLLKN
AND WARD: UE «"AMI* AND MURDOCK*
MOVING PICTURES. i^v-xv,
TO-MOUiiOW NIGHT THE AMATEURS AT
THE HANDICAP.
CAKLWALK CONTEST SATURDAT NIGIIT.
Phone lor Seats, Park t3.
TO TEACH CITY
GOVERNMENT IN
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Board of Education Has the
Proposition Now Under
Consideration.
Directors Mark and Kincaid Approve
the Practical Study and Will In
troduce It on a Small
Scale Next Term.
»
The Board of Education, is now consid
ering a plan to introduce the practical
study of municipal government in the
public schools ot this city. The plan con
templates the operation of a "school city,"
with ail the accompanying official depart
ments and presiding heads, and has been
successfully conducted in one of the
Fchools across the bay.
The fact that articles have been pub
lished recently In which the successful
operation of the plan in several of the
Mississippi Kiver States has been de
rcrlbed lias Inspired the local School
Board with the iuca of giving the Bubject
"The proposition," said Mrs. Kincald,
"i« in its Ineipleney at the present time,
but we h<-i>e to make all the necessary
arrangements; to add this very Important
Ftudy of city jTovernment to the course
in one or Iwo of the largest schools."
Supfrlnter-derit of Schools Webster is
not so sanguine about the result. He is
rather opposed to the plan, but as he has
not examined thoroughly Into it he says
that he might be disposed to modify his
opinion soirewhal after further investi
erntion. Mr. Webster says that the danger
lifs in the probable introduction of a bad
cvjtcm of politics in the proposition and
a consequent lack of discipline, which
resulted when it was introduced In one of
the Ecgtern schools.
BUT ONE NEW
PLAGUE CASE
AT HONOLULU
Girl Thirteen Years of Age
Succumbs to the
Disease. \
President Dole Arouses a Storm of
Protest by Naming an Unpop
ular Fire Claims
Board.
' *
HONOLULU. April 10.— But one case of
plague has been reported since last ad
vices. The case was that of a half-caste
girl, aged 13 years, ending fatally. Two
suspicious cases of sickness were reported
on the 6th at Koolau, a small village on
this Island. The attending doctor reported
the cases as being plague. Two physicians
from this city were sent out, and, after
making an examination, declared that
there were no Indications of plague.
Hilo and Knhului are both clean again.
The Hilo people have declared their port
a clean one and request that no shipments
be made from Honolulu.
For the first time since the outbreak of
the plague the steamer Australia will be
allowed to carry steorage passengers from
this port for San Francisco. The vessel
will leave here on the 17th with her steer
age packed with men who have been wait-
Ing for months to get out of Honolulu.
By an executivo order bearing date of
the 2d inst. President Dole has created "a
court of commissioners to take evidence
of losses caused by the burning of China
town in Honolulu and to make awards
and judgments on such losses."
The court is created and commissioners
appointed by authority of President Me-
Ivinley. The members are: J. Alfred Ma
goon, George A. Davis, Lorin Andrews,
A. Noa Kepoikai and Alfred F. Judd Jr.
All are members of the bar. The an
nouncement of their appointment was not
received with satisfaction by the commu
nity; In fact it raised a wave of Indigna
tion. It is' considered proper that busi
ness men should be represented on the
board. The Chamber of Commerce has
1 protested against the court. The Japan
¦ ese and Chinese residents In mass-meet
ing have denounced it, and finally the
Council of State has refused to appro
priate the money necessary for the court
to carry on its work. The only way out
of the difficulty will be for President Dole
to request the resignations of the court
and then appoint new men who will be ac
ceptable to the business interests.
"I certainly will not ask the members of
the Court of Claims to resign," said Presi
dent Dole. But notwithstanding the Pres
ident's desire not to change the court, it
is believed that public opinion will compel
him to change his mind.
The twenty-fifth annual meeting of the
Woman's Baptist Forelgn_ Missionary So
ciety of California Is to "be" held at* the
First Baptist Church. Eddy street, to
morrow. The session will open at 10:30
a, m. and last till 4 p. m. Delegates are
expected to be present from all parts of
the State. The ladles of the First Bap
tist Church have arranged to provide a
lunch for those In attendance.
Baptist Missionary Meeting.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
SIXTH MEETING. April > to 20, Inclusive.
fcix hlgh-cln** runnlns races every week day.
rain m *hlne. beslrntUK *t 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal wintet racetrack of America. Pa-
trons utep directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand «tand, class-inclosed, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, mey can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leav* Third and Townsend streets at
1000 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:15, 12:35. 12:60
and 1-25 p. m.. returning immediately after
lant race at 4:45 p. . m. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and th^lr escorts. No siujk-
ine. ValercU Ktreet. 10 minutes later.
Ban Jos« and Way Stations— Arrlva at Ban
Bruno, «t 12:4* p. m. Leave Ban Uruno at 4:00
"nATKft- Fan Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admlcKlon to track. 11.23.
i. W. J. MARTIN. President.
7. 11. GREEN, Secretary and M^uager.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HIS LASLRESORT!
A MAN IN /23K
great pain jg Wir>)
recently ap- /^s^&/v
plied to me for %£*?¥/ W*\
treatment. He M^oJfi\
had tried va- fet^t/^^M \/\
rious remedies iivirt&W ife
and doubted if If^g^g^
there was any "* '^Sr
cure for him. At last he used my
Dp. McLaughlin Belt.
Here is his report :
GRASS VALLEY. Cal.. April 5, 1900.
Tour Belt treatment has cured me of all my
sufferinss. I would not be as I wu for th«
earth, and I wish I had seen your advertisement
before. It would have saved me. lots of pain
and money. You can refer to me.
CHRIS TENBT.
What volumes this speaks for a treatment*
natural and sympathetic! My new method of
applyins Electricity relieves pain and builds
up nerve power. Send me your address. Inclose
this advertisement and I will mall to you my
finely Illustrated book, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 :<r%rt»t St.. Cor. Estrny. 3. J.,
And Bariick Block, ear. S;riag tad Sesoad Sti., Loj
Angola:. NEVER SOLD 15 D2CO STOSI3.
BUSY TIMES FOR THE
DOG SHOW OFFICIALS
Closing Pays in Which Entries May
Be Made Bring a Rush of Work
to Kennel Club Officers.
Probably the busiest place in the busy
city just now is the office of the San
Francisco Kennel Club. 238 Montgomery
street. With a larger clerical force than
ever before employed, and working from
8 a. m. until 10 p. m.. "Dave" Sinclair and
his assistants have all they can do to
cope with the rush of entries. Only six
days remain in which it Js possible to
enter a dog, and the owners of fine dogs
realize that it is imperative that they be
entered at once. No pedigree is necessary
to show a dog, for once before the Judge
the candidate for the blue ribbon is Judg
ed entirely on his own merits.
Among the notable cocker spaniels en
tered is a red puppy dog owned by Mrs.
B. Clark. Mrs. D. H. Hogan has entered
a field spaniel puppy dog that will make
his older competitors do their best to de
feat him. The bull terrier men are espe
cially energetic. John D. Spreckels has
entered his kennel and will try conclu
sions with all the cracks the other fan
ciers may import from \ England and th«»
East.
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins will show her
mastiff, Lola Montez, by Chlno Don ex
Lola. This young mastiff has developed
wonderfully since last year, when she
easily won the first prize in the puppy
class. Mrs. James L. Flood will show a
magnificent brace of mastiffs— Caesar * .
by Roderick Dhu ex Baby Ruth, and
Myra F. by Major II ex Queen Bess. Col
onel Flood will show his handsome collie
Maxwell.
Handsome prizes are offered by the club
for trick dogs Besides the regular money
prizes, trophies ranging in value from $25
to $75 are offered in nearly every class,
besides a large and varied assortment or
medals.
Ladles' fine kid shoes, worth $3. for $1.25
a pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market.*
After five years of effort tho Methodist
churches of Albany are free of debt.
Talk about snaps. Buy a kodak and
you can take all the snaps you come to.
It's a new line with us, but our line of
photoßraphlc supplies Is . the most com-
plete In the city. We carry a full line of
Eastman's Kodaks* We do printing, de-
veloping and mounting in the latest styles.
Try us. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. ' * '
Gruetli Verein Festival.
The spring festival of the singing sec
tion of the San Francisco Gruetli Vereln
will take place at Turner Hall, 323 Turk
street, next Sunday evening. .
Friends of the Forest.
Lincoln Lodge No. 2. Friends of the For
est, has arranged for a social to be given
to its friends in its lodge room in Odd Fel
lows' building, when an entertaining pro
gramme will be presented. Mlzpah Lodge
No. 4 of the same order tvIH give an en
tertainment and dance in Mission Opera
Hall to-morrow evening, on which occa
sion a number of people well known in
the Mission district will appear and take
part.
two other disasters ruined the company.
The Scammell and Barling have ever
since been lying at the Fulton Iron
Works, but now they are to come out of
retirement and join the California Navi
gation Company's ttctit. The Scammell
has been renamed the Onlsbo. after one
of the calling places for. the steamers on
the Sacramento River.
The Norwegian steamer Tyr arrived
from Port Arthur and Vladivostok in bal
last yesterday. She is consigned to Roth.
Blum & Co., and will load for th« Amoor
River. Last year a big fleet of sailing
vessels loaded here and on the Sound for
the Siberian cost, but this year not a
wind jammer will be chartered. Instead
tramp steamers will do the work, and the
Tyr is the first of the fleet to get here,
and will make her initial trip up the river
next Saturday.
Max Kalish. manager of the Humboldt
Steamship Company, ia on a flying visit
to the city. He wa.s in Eureka last week
and leaves for Seattle next Friday. The
steamer Humboldt is now on the run be
tween Seattle and Skaguay.
The naval reserve training ship Marion
will not come down from the navy yard
for three weeks. It will be a fortnight
before the Government can finish paint-
Ing- and cleaning her. The Sunday after
she is turned over Captain James and his
jolly tars will go to Mare Island and bring
her down to San Francisco.
The ex-transport Westminster has been
purchased by John RosenfelcTs Sons and
will in future carry coal from Nanaimo,
B. C, to San Francisco.
' - ¦¦¦- ¦ .-¦ '-¦.-.•- -¦' ¦-- ¦ -¦¦'¦¦.-.¦.¦' *.--- ¦.•¦¦---.'¦ , ¦ . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . WEDNESD AY, APRIL 18, 1900.
GETTING CLOSE UPON
CHARGES OF FORGERY
Photographs, Checks and Letters Take
Place of Sensational Testimony
in the Fair Case.
CONTRACT SIGNATURE BETWEEN TWO OTHERS TAKEN FROM CHECKS.
WITNESSES who saw and heard
have made their exit in the Fair
case for the time being and In
their place has come the expert
with his lines and dots and angles. The
curtain has fallen on the first act of the
respondent's play and the three charac
ters. Sylva, Dunand and Slmpton, have
come and gone. They were called to
prove that Senator Fair and Mrs. Craven
v.-ere not married with the full solemnity
of the law.
The second act will be all for the expert,
and his work will tend toward the proof
that the signature of the marriage con
tract is a forgery. And the pencil deeds
will be again introduced by the defense in
an attempt to show that Mrs. Craven's I
statement on cross-examination that the ]
Senator provided for her by a gift of the I
Mission and Sansome street properties
v;as false. It rr>ay come to pass, if the
opposing attorneys reach a unanimity,
that the evidence taken In the pencil-deed
case may be read into the record of the,
present case. Should this agreement be
consummated much time and expense will
be paved both parties.
When the session opened yesterday
morning Theodore Kytka. expert in chi- j
rographv and photographer of documents. •
was on "hand with a large box "as black
as starless night." This is Kytka's own j
and looks like the trunk mystery appar- i
atua of e-ome Mack magician. The Pences
and their client expected to see the ghost '
of Senator Fair drawn from {he recesses
of the cavernous sable box, but all that
was taken from its depths was a photo
graph or two, a negative and some speci
mens of handwriting.
Before Kytka mounted the witness
stand and told the court what ho knew
about documentary photography and what
an expert he was. Charles E. Stewart, the
accountant of the Fair estate, identified
the signature of James G. Fair on a batch
of checks. Attorney Crothers passed
check after check, signed by Senator Fair,
into the evidence. There were twenty-one
of them In the first bundle, all of them
made between the 20th and 2Rthof May,
1592, the time at which the alleged mar
riage contract is claimed to have been
executed and signed. Another bundle of
checks, made and signed In September,
1594. the time of the pencil deeds, was in
troduced and • admitted, besides letters
written at the some time.
The Pence attorneys made no objection
to the admission of those checks and let
ters and the cross-examination of Stewart
was brief. Lafe Pence asked for other
checks slpned by Senator Fair and was
satisfied with the promise of attorneys to
produce them at the rail.
On a r*f|UO3t from T>afe Pence to post
pone the trial until to-day at 2 p. m. the
court adjourned the case. Mrs. Craven's
attorneys were desirous of examining a
laryre photograph of the admitted signa
tures of Fair studded around the contract
sfpnaturp. Professor Ames will be the
expert on handwriting called by the Fair
attorneys.
SUMMER RESORTS.
THE GEYSERS, ¦ g-S"-
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam batlm, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Write for pamphlet. I.
WERTHHIMER. Manager.
7ARRIVED,
Tuesday. April 17.
Stmr City of Puebla. Debney. 53' i hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 17 hours from Eu-
Stir.r Corona. Gielow, «1 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Sunol. Green.- 52 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. II hours from Al
bion.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. 3!^ days from
Chemalnus.
Nor stmr Tyr. Gram. 24 days from Vladivo
stok, via Mororan 20 days.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. 28 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu 7 days.
Bark Gatherer. Younggren. 12 days from Ta
coma, v!a Port Angeles.
Sehr Albion. Goodmanson. 5 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. 5 days from Coqullla
River.
Schr Mary E Russ. Wlkender, 10 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Occidental, Roslch. 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr J Epplnger. Nyman, 20 hour 3 from
Bowens Landlne.
CLEARED.
„ .. rw Tuesday. April 17.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria- O R 8t N Co
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr President. Anderson. Bristol Bay Al
aska Packers' Association.
Stmr Kodlak. Haaven. Karluk: A'a.-k.i Pack
ers' Association.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Guaymas: Robert
Dollar.
Br stmr Doric. Smith. Hongkong, etc; P M
Ship Susquehanna, Bailey. Hilo- Williams.
Dimond & Co. <
Shin Eclipse Larsen. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
CHICAGO, April 17.— Wheat began the day
dull and easy. There was no encouragement
In cables. The rains continued to be regarded
as favorable to the crop and cash people re
ported nothing doing. The long stuff soon be
gan to ccme out more liberally, part of It be
cause it had to be sold, some in sympathy
with the slump In corn. The pit was gloomy
and well nigh deserted. Liquidation was not
in large lots, but the small lots came in plen
tifully, meeting Bmall demand. The excellent
report of the condition of the crop In Kansas
was probably a consideration with some, for
while there were differences of opinion as to
the size of the crop reaspning from the official
figures as to percentage and acreage it was
generally admitted that it would be liberal.
Bradstreet's figures showing a decrease In the
world's visible of 2,373,000 bushels caused a
momentary check in the decline — but only a
momentary one. May opened a shade lower at
wiVuCti-V, and sold down to 66V»c, closing at
that figure, %c under yesterday. July opened
a shade down at 68c to 67% c, sold down to
67%i(C7^c and closed He depressed at 67Vic.
The corn market was dull and weak. The
demand was In every way slack and liquida
tion caused a decline. May closed weak, lc
under yesterday. July closed lc down.
The oats market closed weak. There was
a continuance of May liquidation in oats which
has been under way for Beveral days. May
closed %c lower.
There was a big provision trade, the feature
of which was pork. Hogs were higher and re
ceipts only 14,000 head. . There was a good
general demand and shorts saw fit to cover.
Lard and ribs relinquished some of their early
gains, but closed steady, while pork, although
there was a dip from the early bulge, re
covered and closed strong. May pork closed
22V4C over yesterday, July 17Vjc up; May lard
2Vic improved. July 2Vic better and May ribs
closed unchanged, July 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat. 61H<564V»c; No. 2 red, 694*
70c; No. 2 corn, 3S%©39>ic; No. 2 oats, 24<4e
L'4Vic; No. 2 white, 27@27?ic; No. 3 white. 25?i(Q>
27',ic: No. 2 rye. 56c; No. 2 barley, 41@44c: No.
1 flaxseed, Jl 73: prime timothy seed, $2 35ig2 40:
mess pork, per barrel, Jl2 20«313 05; lard, per 100
pounds, $7 20(ff7 35; short rlba sides (loose), $7 15
Ql 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%S 7c;
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Stock Market.
NKW YORK. April 17.— The published opin
ions an-l assertions cf J. W. Gates, chairman
cf the American Steel and Wire <Ximpany, re
garding the present conditions and the put
look for the future in the iron and steel trade
o. eujiled the attention of dealers In stocks and
bonds to the almost total excluelon of all
other rnatttrs to-day. Demoralization and ron
futijon were the results. A striking commen
tary uiKin the way forces work in the stock
market Ik that the Iron and steel stocks are the
only one« that chow striking net rains while
the net lo#stB Bvcnrwfaen else are due to the
fears of unsound conditions of the iron tmde
«.nd In the securities cf oorporatlons In that
trade. When the urpeot demand for th» Iron
and steel stocks was perceived Immediately
after the opening drop In them, there was a
feeling of relief reflected In a lively recovery
vi prices all around. The first interpretation
of the buying of these stocks «v that It
contradicted the gloomy assertion* of the chair
man of the Steel and Wire Company. The
convictlf n seems to gather force that thli
buying niight simply represent the taking 0
profit by titans who had sold in antlcipatioi
erf the recent heavy declines ta these stocks
The assertions of the chairman of over-pro
duotlon in the trade and the necessity foi
conoertlor.s in prices were met by a chorui
of disclaimers by representatives of other com
I&r.les in the metal Industries and by author
ities in the trade. These disclaimers were ac
companied by much bitter Invective and ques
tloning of motive. The reassurance derlvec
from this uource had muoh to do with thi
genera! rally after the opening, but It wu no'
sufficient to allay all doubts caused by th<
concrete fact of the closing down of a larg«
number of the milli! of the Steel and Win
Company. One of the authorities who sough'
to controvert the j>osltlon of Chairman Gate!
trjrueti that If the Iron and steel Industry Is
in a* bad condition as Mr. Gates painted thei
practically all securities are £0 per cent to<
high. Tt.'.s authority tr.es.nt to enforce hii
view that the high level of security prleei
and the general prosperity of the countri
themselves s»rve to controvert the view tha'
the Iron trade Is unsound, but the belief li
deep-rooted among; stock operators that th«
iron trade !s a true index of the business o;
the country- The doubt cast upon its sound
n^rm \;7 so prominent an authority proved toe
much for the equanimity of. holders of stock'
and toward the latter part of the day thrs (
fwurities were thrown upon the market l»j
the wholesale.. Stocks which have been *pecu
latlve favorites for a rise were not the rhle
(sufferers. Missouri Pacific. Norfolk and West
ern and the Baltimore and Ohi>» stocks wer»
comparatively well held, while the higher
!>ri<-e<i stocks which are selling high In pro
jortion to the dividend return showed larger
declines. A late rally Jn the market made
It evident to how large an extent short selling
bad to do with the loss and recoveries, reach-
ing over a point in many cases, while the
iron and steel stocks closed 1 to 2 points above
last night's level for the leading members of
tiie group. The general news of the day and
money market conditions were entirely Ignored
in the trading.
There was no euch pressure manifest In the
bond market as In the stock market and strong
points were manifest here and there. Total
ealee, par value, $2,400,000.
United States old 4s declined H and new 3s
V 4 In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
tew Atchlscn b &i
37.?25 Atchison prefd 7'iV*
14,525 Baltimore & Ohio So 1 *
100 Canadian Pacific 9t> l i
400 Canada Southern '•¦¦At.
11,595 Chesapeake & Ohio 32
3.2C0 Chicago Great Western 13^
14,M>2 Chicago, Bur & Quincy 123 Vi
1.J50 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 26?,
fcOO Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 56
100 Chicago & Cast Illinois 103
1.0f"0 Chicago & Northwestern 101
H,9sO Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... llo
2,6u0 C C C & St Louis 62* i
460 Colorado, Southern C> 4
310 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
200 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 17
ICS Delaware & Hudson U.'-'i
145 Delaware. Lack & Western 179
1,r:5 Denver & Rio Grande 2y»i
2C5 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71*«
2CO Erie l^H
2.455 Erie Ist prefd 4U*
1.410 Great Northern prefd loS'i
*'<0 Hocking Coal IS%
1,260 Hocking Valley 38'ji
650 Illinois Central ...li4».
IJOO lowa Central l&V*
....... lowa Central prefd 52
100 Kans City, Pitts & Gulf 17%
400 Lake Erie & Western 32
Lake Erie & Western prefd i»5
Lake .Shore 200
5.720 Louisville & Nashville Sl'i
16.6T0 Manhattan L 94» 4
6,240 Metropolitan Street Railway 161' i
§4,ri-J Mexican Central 14
2VO Minn <fc St Louis 64VS
Minn & St Louis prefd 94
45.275 Missouri Pacific 5»»»
200 Mobile & Ohio 4a
4".' Missouri, Kansas & Texas HVi
IG.OJO Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd SS 1 !
400 New Jersey Central 116'^
2.650 New York Central 136»i
4,429 Norfolk & Western 35;g
1,900 Norfolk & Western prefd "Si
1.050 Northern Pacific i8 l *
4,710 Northern Pacific prefd 76V*
2.&00 Ontario & Western 24' i
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway &. Nay prefd 76
42.590 Pennsylvania 137\i
2.700 Reading l'o'z
20.-O5 Reading Ist prefd 601,;,
2,974 Reading 2nd prefd 314
Kio Grande Western &3>j
Rfo Grande Western prefd 87Vi
150 St Louis & San Fran 11
St Louis &. Fan Fran Ist prefd 70
310 St Louis & Pan Fran 2nd pred 36? i
2£o St Louis, Southwestern 12
6,970 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 33»i
12,450 St Paul 120" 8
450 St Paul prefd 172-i
St Paul & Omaha 117
31,650 Southern Pacific 3*K
S2O Southern Railway 14%
2,?2» Southern Railway prefd 5Ss»
16.750 Texas & Pacific IS 1 *
D 0.550 Union Pacific 57 ? 4
5,100 Union Pacific prefd 7a 1 !
£00 Wabash 8
7.0:5 Wabash prefd 23
1.210 Wheeling & L E 10%
4,040 Wheeling & L E prefd 2S'x
1,420 Wisconsin Central IT*/*
Express companies —
Adams "?
American I*s
United States *~V 2
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
139 American Cotton Oil - 36^
American Cotton Oil prefd 99
SOO American Malting 4
American Malting prefd 20
2.C20 Amer Smelting and Refining/. 37
7&0 Amer Smelting and Refining prefd.. SS»i
American Hpirlts 2^
American Spirits prefd 17
8.930 American Steel Hoop 27',-i
1,400 American Steel Hoop prefd 73
84.SV) American Steel and Wire 49^
20.930 American Fteel and Wire prefd BU'.4
2.160 American Tin Plate 29
Cfco American Tin Plate prefd 7&* i
41.57S American Tobacco 103
American Tobacco prefd IS2
2i*s Anaconda Mining Co 49' i
29.265 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73^
6.675 Colorado Fuel and Iron 44
9.150 Continental Tobacco 29' i
2,142 Continental Tobacco prefd SOVi
60. ?.» Federal Steel 423*
\227 Federal Steel prefd W•»
2.671 General hlleetric IS."<-S«
1.035 Glucose Hugar 4S>-'!i
Glucose Sufe-ar prefd 9S', 4
425 International Paper 22
200 International l'aper prefd 64
Laclede Gas 70
300 National Hlscult 33
National Biscuit prefd ". S7
100 National Ltad 23! i
National Lead prefd 104* i
t7.570 National Steel 39
2,170 National Steel prefd S9
New York Air Brake 125
COO North American 15
209 Pacific Coast HSi
Pacific Coast Ist pretd S3
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62<4
2.H0 Pacific Mail 32%
39,8i0 People's Gas 10S»s
200 Pressed Steel Car 49' i
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82
100 Pullman Palace Car IS2
CiX> Ftanriard Ron* and Twine 6
CI.KO Sugar 105
.: Sugar prefd ill
11.475 Tennessee Coal and Iron 66
«,085 United Htates Leather 12
2,1.10 United States Leather prefd 70=)i
360 United States Rubber 31V.
320 United States Rubber prefd SSV*
300 Western Union 82
55 Republic Iron and Steel 18%
2,00 Republic Iron and Steel prefd 61
P C C and St Louis 60
2.120 Third Avenue 112"i
?28,6f-0 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
US !« refdg 103 North Carolina 65. .127
Do reg 994 Do 4s IC6
Do 3s reg lfflVi North Pac 3s 68U
Do coup 110 Do 4s 104
Do new 4s reg.. ..132 N V C & 8 L 45. ...106 V.
Do coup 123 Nor & W con 45... 67»1
Do old 4s reg 114Vj Do gen 6s ..133'
Do coup 114' i Or Nay lsts 108
Do Es reg 112V4 Do 4s 10354
Do coup 113*4!0r Short Line 65. .128
Dis of Col 3 655..121H Do con 5s 114
Atrhlson gen 4»....lCC%ißead gen 4s " M%
Do adjust 45...... M RG W lets &91J
Can South 2d5......107U 8 L & I M con 60..U0'l
Che»a & Ohio 4H5.. 100 Do S F cen 65... 121
Do Rs 121U St Paul con niy.
C fz NW cons 75... 142 Do C & P 15t5. ..120
Do S F Deb D 5....122 Do 5s 121*:
Chicago Ter in.... 97 ' South Ry Es lisu
D £ It G 15t«......104 IStand R & T C 5.... 71
Do 4s S9'j'Tenn new set 35... 9i'i
E T V & G lsts.... 10241 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...115
Erie. General 4s 73*s' Do 2ds .... GO
F W & I) C 15t.... 72:,j'Unlon Pac 45...!"i05*i
Gen Electric 6s 116^' Wabash lsts lisvt
Gal H & S A 6*. ...109 V Do 2ds 103
Do 2d» 107 .West Shore 4s mv
Hove tt T Cen 55.. .110 iWis Cen lsts 92
Do consol 6s 109 j Vir Centuries 91U
lowa Central 15t5..114'.4i Do deferred 6
X C P & G lets.... 72&:Colo & Sou 4s S4U
La new consol 45...105^ South Pac 4s ?4*;
L & N unl 4s 101 jN V Cen lsts Ijo4
MX & T 2ds €S% :N J Cen gen C 5....:23£
Do 4s 93 J i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar in Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 75
Con Cal & Va 1 Mi Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 U)
Gould & Curry 26: Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada so
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 40
Iron Silver 65!unlon Con 28
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket .... 2S
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — !4 54?4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BSI4
Sterling Cables — 4 S9fc,
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 50>4
Mexican Dollars <S& 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull on the spot at
the nominal quotation of 40s, usual options.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 29,370, against 4752 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 4763 tons,
against 34,830; on the way to this port, 171,260
tons, against 17". 000.
WHEAT— Futures are several fractions low
er. Spot quotations are unchanged. Operators
report a very dull market.
Foreisn markets stand about the same. Chi
cago opened weak on disappointing: cables and
favorable wrather. There was no support and
the bears hammered' the market. The weak
ness spread to Corn,' and a further decline was
expected at the close.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 86%@97«ic; milling,
98% c©M 01V».
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
24,001) ctls. $1 04%. May— l6,ooo. 96&e.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 96V4c; 10,000,
96c. • •
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctlß, $10374: 6000. $1 04. May— l2,ooo, 96c; 20,000,
95% c.
Exchange adjourped at noon In respect to the
memory of H. Dutard.
BARLEY— Is as dull as ever at the old quo
tations. •
Feed, 76c for No. 1 and 65@72V£c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®
87V»c; Chevalier, nominal. "
CALL' BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
No afternoon session. '
OATS— There It) nothing going on. Offerings
are. ample, but receipts are light.
White. $1 10<gl 30; Red. 95c@$l 17%; Gray.
$1 07V4®1 15: Black, $I@l 05.
CORN— Offerings are not large and the mar
ket Is firm. Eastern' White is quoted at $1 05@
1 07»/4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 12V40
1 l7Vi per ctl: mixed, $1 12& per ctl. .
. RYE— Weak at the recent decline, 95@97'/ic
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, . $3 6003 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, , $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25@3£ per; barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in ,; packs'. are as fol
lows, usual 1 discount, to. % the trade: Graham
Flour, " s2 75 ' per ICO lbs; '• Rye Flour, -' $2 75; Rye
Meal, {2 50; Rice Flour, $.7; Cora Meal, $2 60;
Oat Grsats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25©3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $I@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25:
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6®7 23; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lba.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Stocks of everything are ample for all cur-
rent needs, and as the demand Is not brisk
quotations stand the same, day after day.
BRAN-$12@13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16® 19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15317 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; jobbing,
$27 50© 28; Cocoanut Cake. $20Q21; Corn Meal,
$23 RC@24; Cracked Corn. $2«g24 60; Mixed Feed,
515 E0; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $7<Q9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
16 50«i9: Oat, $6®S; Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa, $6®
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25<g33c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
It is the same old story In Beans and Seeds—
a dull and featureless market, though Beans are
very firmly held.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 25; small White, $3 25®
3 50; large White. $3 20@3 25; Pink, $2 25@2 90;
Red. $3 50(^3 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $3 25; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 S(XJt4.
Si: 10DS- Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4%@4»4c; Flax, $1 90S 2 20; Canary,
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9@loc; Rape, ZM-&c; Hemp, 4@4 I / sc;
Timothy, 464'£c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90®2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are lower, owing to arrivals of the
new crot). Potatoes are dull and weak. There
is nothlnff new in Vesetables, though the feel
ing is weaker in the leading descriptions.
Receipts were 920 boxes Asparagus, 486 boxes
Rhubarb, 703 sacks Peas and 290 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 650; River Reds.
nominal; Burbanks, 40360 c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. BOg'Soc; Sweet Potatoes, for
Merced; New Potatoes,. l@2c. -• ¦ ¦•
ONIONS— New Red, $4; Old Yellow. Js@«;
Australian, $7@B per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c®$l 26 per box;
Asparagus, 75c@$l 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 50@l 75 for No. 1 and $2®2 25 for fancy
large; Green Peas, 75c® $1 60 per sack for com
mon and 2%c for Garden; String Beans, ;
Cabbage, 40®xl0c; Tomatoes, $I@l 50; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 10c; Dried Okra, 32Vic per
lb; Garlic, sii6c; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, ; Dried Peppers, 8@10c: Carrots, 25
ftjSoo per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$I@l 25 per box; Cucumbers, soc@sl 60 per
dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Turkeys ar« higher and firm. Hens and
small broilers are weaker. Good fat stock
continues firm. Supplies are fair, and the de
mand is generally good.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$i 75<@2; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $4 50^5
for old and $5 50®7 for young; Hens, $4 50@5 50;
Young Roosters, $6 50@7; Old Roosters, $4®5;
Fryers. $5 50®6; Broilers, $4@5 for large and
$2 SCQ3 for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen
for old and $1 73@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1-21 25; Rabbits, $1 2501 50;
Gray Geese, $2@2 60; White, 50c; Brant. $1 25®
1 60; English Snipe, $2 60; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are shading off, and dealers are com
plaining of the dullness of trade. Stocks are
accumulating. Butter and Cheese are un
changed, though both are in good supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 18
Sl6Hc.
Dairy— Fancy, 15^@16c; good to choice. 14%®
15c; common. 14c.
CHEESE— New, 7',4@80; Young America, 8@
SHe; Eastern, 16@17c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13^@14c for store and Uhi
@15H:C per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cherries are selling at a wider range,' and
receipts are Increasing.
Strawberries are lower. Citrus fruits are
firm and unchanged as a. rule, limes being
the only exception.
Half a chest of Raspberries sold at $1 25
per drawer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 75c<352 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S4®6 per chest for larga
and $7@ll for small berries. Receipts were
220 chests. Blackberries, from the south, .
CHERRIES— SI 7553 per box. Receipts were
19 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25©3 50
per box; Seedlings, JIQ2: Lemons, Jljrl 50
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 50@5: Bananas, $1 25(32 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $4g5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prunes are about the only description mov
ing at present, and they are rather firm than
otherwise. Other descriptions are as they have
been for a long time.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4^c for
40-EO's, 4c for 50-603. 3li!g3»4C for 60-70's, 3U@
S^c for-70-SO's. 3@3Uc for 60-90's and 2%e for 90
lCO's; Apricots. ll@l2V4c for Royals, 12V6'315c
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. siitfj6c for Standards, 6Vi®£%c for
choice and 7<&Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 100
12Uc; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, 5©
6Hc per lb; Nectarines, BQ9c: Pears, 3H(B4Hc
for dark and 7>sSc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2<g 2Hc; White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, Stt&c; unbleached Plums, 7@7Hc for
pitted and V/ic for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson' s— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb; 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8H:c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6Hc;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, s !^c;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS — Walnuts, tQ9c for standards and
9sloc for softshells; Almonds, HH@l2c for
paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4'«sc for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5%(g6%c for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7V4SBc; Filberts,
12©12Hc: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 'll H@ 12c for bright and 10Vi@
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted, 7U@7V£c; dark,
sV4@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@I6c per lb.
Provisions.
The anticipated advance In, Hams, Bacon and
Lard has occurred, going into effect to-day.
The Western markets are very firm. Supplies
are light everywhere.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium. 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra llghf and 14% c for sugar cured. Eastern
RUKar-cured Hams. 13H@14c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14: extra Prime
Perk. $14 50015; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12H@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7SSC per lb for
compound and BVaS9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 9\ic; 10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins. 10% c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 88S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9V»c
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Wool continues very slow and not over 150
bales of the new clip have been sold thus far.
Hops continue nominal. Hides are firm and In
good demand, but Pelts are quoted rather weak
owing to the dullness In wool.
W. B. Sumner & Co.'s circular says: "The
wet salted hide market is steady and prices
firm. March and April take-off sell readily at
quotations. Dry Hides and Calf Skins are In
creasing In receipts, but the demand is stead/
and they continue to sell freely. Large quan
tities of Deer Skins come to the market from
the north and the Northwest and Mexico. The
demand is active, with the prospects of a
well-sustained market. Goat Skins sell readily
at the prices quoted. The Tallow market is
steady, with a fair demand."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOffillc: medium. 9V£c; light, 9Ti9Vic; Cowhides,
9&9V4C; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip, 9(fi9V2C; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 18(i?19c: . culls and brands.
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@17c: Dry Calf, 190
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, i;,fi3oc each; short
Wool. 3j(gtoc each; medium. 70^ 90c; long Wool,
$I@l 25 ench: Horse Hides, $2 2503 for large
and $1 25@1 73 for small; Colts, 23®30c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins. 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@514c per lb; No.
2, 4®4M.c; refined, 6%c; greaße, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, IfiifflBc; Northern defective, 13@
16c; Middle County, free. 15®17c; Middle
County, defective, IS'qir.o; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 125f14c: do, free, 7 months', 12@15c;
do. defective. 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20@23c;. Nevada, 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— 6',4@loc per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6U@6V4c; Wool Bags. 25V4@32%c;
Fleece Twine, "Vfec.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, J7 50; Seattle,
»6 50: Bryant. *6 50; Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend. IS;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S: Cumberland. 112 In
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $3 45 per 2000 lbs.
Harrison's circular says:
"There has been but one arrival of coal from
Australia since the Mariposa left, viz.; Ken
sington, with . 2650 tons. This Is very excep
tional, and makes a total delivery of ; 11,233
tons in sixty days. There Is but one vessel due
here in the next thirty days. It Is very evi
dent that our fuel consumers must look for
other sources to draw their supplies from out
side of the colonies, and demonstrates what a
predicament we would be in If any accident
should occur to any one of .our principal north-
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK, April 17.— FLOUR-Receipts,
39,5."0; exports, 16.532; very quiet and a shade
easier in tone, but not quotably lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 75,850 bushels; exports,
11,473 bushels; spot weak; No. 2 red, 8014 c f. o.
b. afloat Epot; No. 2 red, 77% c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 76% c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive: No. 1 hard Duluth, 7ST»c f. o. b. afloat
prompt.
Options were weak and unsettled pretty much
all day, influsneed by disappointing cables.
fine crop news from the West and the break In
corn. Speculative trade was very quiet and
mostly local; closed weak at %@'/4c net de
cline; May closed at ~3%c; July closed at 73^c;
September closed at 74c.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady: No. 7 invoice, 8c;
No. 7 jobbing, SHe; mild, market steady; Cor
dova, &14f(14c.& 1 4f(14c. The market for coffee futures
closed firm at net unchanged prices to 5 points
advance. Total sales reached 23,000 bags, in
cluding May. $7 05; June. J7 10; July, J7 15@7 20;
September, $7 20®7 30; October, $7 25; Novem
ber, J7 3<i; December, $7 45<&7 50; January, $7 60.
SUGAIt— Raw, firm; fair refining. 4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4Vic; molasses sugar, 3 13-16 c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3851 packages; steady;
Western creamer}'. 16@lSc; factory, 13315 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 20.340 packages; steady;
storage Western at mark, W^'giSc; regular
packages, 12V4S12HC at mark; Southern, 11*4®
12Vic
DRIED FRUITS
Evaporated apples were In fair demand, with
the undertone steady on better advices from
outside sources. California dried fruits were
quiet, but steady at nominally unchanged
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4%@Sc; prime, o^:&6c; ohoice, lijT&c; fancy,
73* ft Be.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3'4@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ISSISc; Moorpark, 15®18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, li>'e22c; unpeeled. SV«.©9c.
New York Grain and Produce
Sun rises 5:31
Sun sets :-;;-- 6: "
Moon rises 1>:33 p. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters.
The T.'.:z& M!l!er loads merchandise for Apia;
Defender merchandise for Kihel. H. L
Wheat charter* prior to arirvai are the
Ernanuele Accarr.e and Martha Reux. Europe,
STs CC.
Treasure Shipments.
The Doric took out a treasure list of $332,019.
consisting of SISI.6CI in Mexican dollars, JI6GS
In cold coin and JI4S.C3 In silver bullion.
Local Export Trade.
r:\i--~.s trom this port by eea during the
first thi-ee months of the year amount to 111.-
T60,60\i. «gainst JT.eCS.IO'* during the same time
last year, the leading destinations being as fol
iows: To Great Britain. J3,743.5X>: China.
SL"4.S'JO; Japan. $1.2u>,900; Hawaiian Islands,
$3,SS6.E^o; Atlantic ports. 5917.800.
The War Tax.
The New York circular of Henry Clews *ays:
"Home conditions are favorable to continued
ease in money for some time to come. The
April Erttlements are oxer and all reports In
dicate an abundance of loanable funds at the
interior. The sui^ly of currency is consider
ably larger than a year ago and is being stead
•!y increased under the operations of the new
currency law. The chief danger to the money
roarkri. and one that should not be overlooked.
Is the ponsibility of Inconveniently large sums
bfing lacked up in the United States Treasury
through the operation of the Internal revenue
law imposed by the war with Spain. Secretary
Gaco has estimate a surplus ot $70.0n0.0i» for
the fiscal year ending June Si. 1900. and $(.2.000 -
OOd Jor the fiscal year ending 1501. It is need
less to point out the Injury, not merely to Vv ail
rtreet. but to what if vastly more important.
the legitimate business interests of the coun
try if funds are allowed to congest in the
Treasury in this fashion. It might be jx>ssible
for the Secretary to d<*po*it a large portion
of «hese accumulations in the depositary bajiks.
but' considering the present state of public
prejudice this method would doubtless expose
the administration to the silly charge of favor
itism to the banks, and raise an issue that is
t>est avoided. There is but one true course,
and that Is for Cor.sress at this session to re
ntal the superfluous and mast Irritating fea
tures of the Internal revenue law. co as to keep
a closer balance between receipts and expendi
tures A large surplus may be considered a
«i*:n of good management in private business.
t>ut in labile business It is bad management
and dangerous temptation to all sorts of ex
tiavacani and vicious legislation. Our Con-
Kressmen should be obliged to reduce the reve
nue before the present session clones, otnerwis
they must accept the responsibility for bring
lnr the present tide of business activity to an
untimely halt."
Weather Report.
CITOIh Meridian-Faclac Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 17. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<sate. as compared »'lth those of same date last
eeußun. and rainfalls in la>t twenty-four hours:
La ,t This Last
Stations- 14 Hours. Season. Season
Eurrks «•<"' * 7 - 3S 31 - r5
Red Bluff 0-00 24.53 19-37
Sarramento 0.00 16.40 13.51
Pan Francisco 0.00 U.S9 15.SS
Fresno <>•** «-S5 «•••
lniiei>«-ndence 0.09 2.78 1.16
**n Lu.s Obispo 0.00 15.26 M.J7
Los Arcel^s 0.00 J..6S 4.i9
Kan Dleeo <••« 3.38 4.5h
Yuma 0.00 0.18 l-&*
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
Et>: minimum. 4i; mean. £2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen generally o\-er the
tvestern half of the country- A moderate de
pression overlies Western Arizona and South
«-a«ern California.
The «cm:>trature lia* rif=en over Nevada,
Southern Utah and Northern Arizona. In the
creat valleys of California the temperatures
&re- neariy la d«*gre*-E above the normal.
Fog prevails along the central cuast of Cali-
Forecart made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Aj'ril 18. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, with
fog on the coaet; southerly winds, changing to
w«-«terly.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
Fan Krancisco and vicinity — Fair Wednoxday.
with fog; light southerly 'hanging to westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening .". 6 10% 5 10%
Closing 6 10% 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept;-Dec.
Opening 20 65 22 00
Closing 20 70 22 15
Flour—
Opening 27 00 28 90
Closing 27 10 23 95
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. April 17.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies
from last account:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1,273,000
bushels.
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat- for and
in Europe, decrease. 1,100,000 bushels. Total
supply, decrease, 2,373,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains. Increase, 165.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 119,000 bushels.
Among the more important decreases re
ported to Bradstreet's not given in the official
visible supply. are those of 300,000 bushels at
Northwestern interior elevators, 240,000 bushels
at Manitoba storage points, 159.000 bushels at
Depot Harbor, 74.000 bushels at Portland, Me.,
and 71,000 bushels at East Dubuque.
The principal decreases are those of 148.000
bushels at Port Huron, 132,000 bushels at Mil
waukee private elevators and 52,000 bushels
at Chicago private elevators.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 7000 bushels last week.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, April 17.— The demand for wool
in the market this week was quiet, with gen
eral quotations not materially changed. Ter
ritory wools continue nominal In price, with
free bids on the basis of 55c scoured for fine
medium and fine, but holders are disposed to
ask 57<258c. Fleece wools are quiet, with
prices largely nominal. There is considerable
more inquiry for Australian, with a few cross
breds gelling. Quotations:
Territory wools — Montana and Dakota, fine
medium and fine, 21@22c; ecoured, 67@58c;
staple. 62©-Csc; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium
and fine, 19@20c; scoured, 55@57c; staple, 63®
65c; Idaho, medium and fine, lS@l9c; scoured,
&s<Gs7c; medium, 20@23c; scoured, 52©54 c.
Australian ecoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superilne, nominal, 93® 94c; good, BS@9Qc;
average. SC&'Sac.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; generally steady; best on sale to-day,
$535; good to prime steers, $4 90<g6; poor to
medium, $4 10@4 75; selected feeders, $4<g4 90;
mixed stockere, »3 4053 90; cow«. $3(54 50; heif
ers, $3 15©4 75; canners, $2 25Q2 b0; bulls, $2 75®
4 23: calves, 15c higher than last Tuesday, at
14 50@S 75. Texas fed steers, $4®5 25; Texas
bulls, $3 23^3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,000; to-morrow,
30,000, estimated; 2500 left over; active, gen
erally 10c higher; top, $5 S5; mixed and butch
ers", $5 55®5 80; good to choice heavy. $5 65$
6 S5; rough heavy, $5 Eo£s 60; light, $5 50@5 75;
bulk of sales, $5 67%(ixS 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers, $6iS6 60; fair to
choice mixed, $s^o; Western sheep, $6<ifG 3";
yearlings. $6£6 L 0; native lambs, $5 50®i 45;
Western lambs, $6®7 45.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 17.— Cables in the Metal
Exchange this morning averaged up about as
anticipated. The local market for metals
ruled quiet all day.
TlN— Tin, the only metal showing price varia
tions, was barely steady in tone, although bid
prices were 12% points higher, but asking rates
were a shade below the closing figures of yes
terday, closing at $31 25(831 35.
PIG IRON— DuII and nominal.
LAKE COPPER — Steady and closed un
changed Rt »17.
LEAD— Continues dull and nominally un
changed on the basis of $4 67% bid and $4 72%
asked. ¦ ¦.¦•-¦ •" *
SPELTER— Quiet and steady, closing at
$4 72% bid and $4 77% asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 4o and for
corper $17 20@17 50.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 17.— Exchanges, $33J,726;
balances, $105,442.
Northern Wheat Market.
• OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 17.— The local wheat mar
ket Is still in a comatose state, with not
enough of the cereal changing hands to make
an accurate quotation possible. There Is not
much disposition to do business at anything in
excess of ?41?35c for No. 1 Walla Walla and 53
(gf.4c for Valley.
Cleared— British ship Thornllebank for
Queenatown, with 126,413 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 17.— Wheat— Little doing and
prices nominally unchanged;" Bluestem, 56c;
Club, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 17. — Consols, 101%; silver,
'27 5-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 50c; cargoes on pas
sage, white easy, red quiet; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Ss 4%d; English country markets, quiet;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom, 3,520,000: wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1,440,000; Indian shipments wheat to
United Kingdom, none; Indian shipments to
Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, April 17.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s EdS6s 5%d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country makets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d.
em collieries, or If there should be any labor
disturbances there. The latest cabled freight
quotations on coal from Australia show a soft
ening, and vessels are being more freely offer
ed. There are reported engaged to carry coal
from Newcastle and Sydney thirty-six Vessels
with a carrying capacity of 114. < X* tons; tha
major portion of this will not be delivered here
for several months. We will have an im
mense surplus of grain to move this year,
which necessitates our being forced to pay
generous freight rates to carriers. Sailing ves
sels must head thi3 way, and much the larger
porportion of those coming will carry us coai,
so that we may naturally look for free deliv
eries the latter part of this year. Coal fret*'..ts
from Newcastle should decline, as the present
asking rates are driving colonial fuel out of
the market; local buyers can do better by con
fining their contracts entirely to our coast
products, which their consumers appear pleased
SCANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. $I®l 50; To
"cANNED" FRUITS - Cherries. $2 40@3 for
black and white; Peaches. $1 6o@l SO; Pears
«W®180; Apricots. $1 25@1 70; Plums, $1209
1 COFFEE - Costa Rica - 14@16c for prime
washed; 12f13%c for good washed: »«t>c for
good to prime washed peaberry; USl2%c for
good to prime peaberry; ll@l3'»c for Rood to
Prime: sglOVic for current mixed with black
beans; B@lo%c for medium to fair; 6%@.%c
nominal for common to ordinary. _„,,»,.,«.
s«iv?rtnrw n®l4c for good to prime washed:
<)V?ll0» 4 c^r fair washed; 12Q13%c for good to
Prime l washed l peaberry: »£Sttc for good to
£r ml semi- washed: 9>i©loc for super ior un
washed; 8-%®9c for good green unwashed U 10Vg
10*»c for good to prime unwashed peaberry, 6®
794 e nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 14516% c for prime to fancy
wa-he™ 9%«13c for fair to strictly good
washed! »aSW4O nominal ffopr p good to »u perior
unwashed; 10<8 > 10% c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry- »/»-«/„ ***• inf»rinr
Guatemala and Mexlcan-«S;JiC 1 for ™™™*
to ordinary; 12%®'13c for strictly sood wart £d.
11®11%c for good washed: /«4?* c f '?-,„?•<£
washed; B@B%c for medium: 6S-7%c lor inferior
0^ *£«£?£
vnm t ? unwartSd peaberry: 8%«9%e nominal for
goott to superior unwa»ned. _ .
LEATHER-Sole, heavy. J*® 3 ** ffrj I*'.."1 *'..". 1 ,"
Leather, medium. 26@27c; Sole Leather . light.
2«&27c: Rough Leather, heavy 27@2Sc, Rough
Lather, light. 25626 c; Harness L"^- ?«££
32933 c; Harness Leather, medium, 80®S2c. Har
ness Leather, light. 29©30 c; Collar Leather^
16c per foot: Kip, finished, «'^oc per U>. Veal,
finished. 50<S55c; Calf, finished. 75c®$120.Sldes.
finished. 16517 c per foot; Belt Knlf» Splits. 14©
16c; Rough Splits, 8t?10c per lb.
OILS-Callfornia Castor Oil In cases. No. L
75c; pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c; No. 1. 49c; casfs^
5c more; China Nut. 61565 c per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 60c: cases. 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c; Whale Oil. natural white. 32% c.
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25«1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2®
2 Petroleum, gasolene. ETa-water
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 14c: Pearl Oil In
cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star. 20c; Extra. Star
Oil, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c; Deordortzed
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; do, cases, 22c; Benzine,
in bulk. 15% c; do, cases, 21% c; 86-degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c; cases. 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— l Bos..
ll'ic r>er set: 14 oa.. 10% c; 12 oz.. 9%c; 10 oz..
i\c; twelves, 12 oz. (hotel). 10Uc* Granite
Mining Candles— l 6 02.. 12@12Uc per set: 14 oz..
11-??llV*c: 12 oz.. lO^ic: 10 oz.. 9%c: twelves. 13
oz. (hotel). 10% c. Parafflne Wax Candles — Ones,
14 oz., white, 12V4c per set; twos. 14 oz.. white.
12Uc: fours, 14 oz., white. 12V4c; sixes. 14 oa.,
white, 12Uc; twelves, 14 oz.. white. 12% c; col
ored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7@7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge, "U@"%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 73c; In Iron barrels,
67c; In wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 70c; raw. barrels.
6Sc; cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— S3I 50 per flask for local use
and $46 50^47 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c: Powdered.
5.60 c; Candy Granulated. 6.20 c; Dry Granulated.
5.10 c; Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.SOc; barrels. 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more: boxen. 50c more;
EO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes,
half-barrels, 6.550; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16317; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17t?lS for No. 1 and $15(316 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $3 50®4: Pickets. $18; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $3 73 for fancy: Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21©27.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Changes are few and narrow. The supply of
everything except Hogs is ample for all needs
.and the market is quiet. Receipts of Hogs con
tinue too small.
BEEF— 6ft6»ic p*r lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-6'i@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; ewes, 6%©7 c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. J39c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, BTJS^Hc for small and
medium and 5%{?5%c for large; stock Hoga and
feeders, 6Viigs%c; dressed Hogs, 7JJS&C.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 17.
Flour, qr sks 19.503 Middlings, sks... l.SfiO
Wheat, ctls 8.120 Hugar. bbls 77
Barley, ctls 1.83.V Powder, cars 1
Oats, ctls 1,420 Wine, yals 29.050
Corn. ctlß Svv Quicksilver, flsks 2">
Tallow, ctls 221 Hay, tons 236
Butter, ctls 624 Wool, bags 153
Cheese, ctls 78|Eggs. doz 30,000
Beans, eks EOO'Chicory. obis 11
Potatoes, sks 950 Pelts, bdls 295
Onions, sks 10 Hides, No $00
Bran, sks 500' Leather, r0115.... 63
OREGON
Flour. Qr sks 2.519 I
WASHINGTON-
Flour, qr ska s,?oo|Bran. sks 1.7.19
Oats, ctls. 330; Middlings. sks.... 1.250
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Call loan Z<S<Mt Rubber 32
Money— t'nion Pacific 57%
Time loans 4Q>5 West End S3
Stocks— Westlnghouse El.. 45
Atch. T & St Fe.. 26% Wls Central \~V*
Do prefd 70^,1 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 105 lAtchison 4s 100
Do prefd in N c Gas &Coke 6s 6S&
Bell Telephone ....320 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 24s Adventure 4%
Boston Kiev 144 Allouez Mln C 0... 2
Boston & Maine. .l9o Amal Copper 92%
Chi. Bur k Q 125-4 Atlantic 25
Coal 45 ! Boston & Mont 305
l>o prefd lloVi Butte & Boston 73
Federal Steel .... 42% Calumet & Hecla.74s
Do prefd CS 1 * Centennial 20Vi
Fitchburg prefd 132'i 1 Franklin 15
General Electric. .l 33 lOsceola 68
Do prefd \Z<i Parrot 44
Ed Elec 111 205 Quincy 130
Mexican Central... n\ Santa Fe Copper.. 5%
N E Gas St. Coke.. 11% Tamarack 190
Old Colony 28 (Utah Mining' 4%
Old Dominion 19 | Wolverines 40%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 17.— Money on call steady
at 3(ff3% per cent; last loan. 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4><i@s per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S7V4S4 87% for demand and at $4 83%
04 84 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84% and
$4 88%. Commercial bills. $4 83®4 83%. Silver
certificates, 60%@61%c. Bar silver, 69Hc. Mex
ican dollars, 47 3^c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 17.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $151,004,099; gold, $87,316,816.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was only half resumed after the holi
days in the markets here to-day. The tone
was 3teady. For the war loan special settle
ment the contango began at 5% and finished at
5. not co stiff as was exDected.
Americans opened a shade above parity, but
arbitraeeura were all addressing the list. New
Tork cam? very dissappointing, causing the
worst prices. They suddenly improved toward
the close on heavy buying of Norfolk and
Western, said to be for Kuhn, Loeb & Co. The
stock continued to mount in the street and
others sympathized. A general rally is now ex
pected on New York's Initiative.
Tlntcs spurted to 60%. a fresh record. Parts
has the market well In hand and Is squeezing
the Ware, who are plentiful in England and
still more in Scotland. Anacondas were heavy,
Americans selling them 94 down to 10%. The
copper fortnightly statistics show stocks in
creased 12^5 tons and supplies increased 2010.
Money was in demand and there was a mod
erate Funily. Half the amount due the bank
was repaid, the rest being received at 5 per
cent. The bank did a good business In dis
counts ct 4 uer cent. Of gold £12,000 came in
from Australia and £10,000 went to an un
stated destination.
CLOSING,
LONDON. Anril 17.— Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Union Pacific cref erred, 78%: Northern Pacific
preferred, ~h\: Atchison, 28; Grand Trunk, 8%;
Anaconda. 10^. Bar silver, steady, 27 5-16 d per
ounce.
Continued oa Page Eleven.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 13.
Silver and Exchange stand the same.
Cereals continue quiet and unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans, Hay and Feedstuff s.
Shipment of $332,019 to China.
Onions lower, ozving to the appearance of the new crop.
Potatoes dull and zvcak. Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese stationary. Eggs dull and weakening.
Poultry market fairly supplied and steady.
Cherries and Strawberries declining.
Citrus Fruits as before quoted.
Dried Fruits quiet. Prunes selling fairly.
Hides steady and in good demand. Wool and Hops dull.
Hogs scarce and firm. Otlier meats dull and in ample supply.
Coal continues steady.
Hams, Bacon and Lard advanced I-2C
Heavy increase in local export trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
short clear sides (boxed). $7 40@7 50; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 25H.
Sugars — Cut loaf. 6c; Granulated, 5.44 c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Anaconda 45
ISO Barker Ranch 1 15
330 Home Oil 4 00
I<M) San Joaquln 1 93
400 Yukon, s 90 1 25
Street—
100 Caribou 45
100 Caribou «, SO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Caribou J3
100 Home OH 4 CO
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the- San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
200 Andes llilOOOphir Tt
200 Best & Belcher. 2S* 200 Overman XT
300 Caledonia 1 50! iw) Savage I.J
200 Chollar 15| 500 Silver Hill IS
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Yellow Jacket.. 31
300 Gould & Curry. 2^|
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 03 3o<> Potosl 30
200 Andes 11 ¦ 2GO Savage 13
200 Best & Belcher. 2S 1<» Sierra Nevaia. £»
100 Crown Point... 21 200 Stiver Hill 1*
200 Gould & Curry. 2» 100 Silver Hill 13
liOOphir 77 200 Utah 13
200 Overman X 100 Yellow Jacket.. 33
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yeseterday:
Mornins Session.
100 Belcher 30 300 Overman 2»
3O> Belcher 23. 200 Potosi 3')
400 Challenge Con.. 23 200 Silver Hill 1»
500 Chollar 15 100 Union Con S3
150 Con Cal & V.I 72^1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 35
400 Gould & Curry. 2SI 100 Yellow Jackat.. 34
• Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con 0«' 300 Overman *T
700 Best & Belcher. 27! 100 Overman 25
600 Con Cal & V...1 701 400 Potost SO
400 Crown Point... 21 300 Seg Belcher.... 05
200 Hale & Norcrs. 17 200 Seg Belcher.... 04
20* Ophlr 77!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April IT— 4 * SB.
Bid. Ask. I Bld-Aii.
Alpha 04 WJustlca 05 0T
Alta 05 07 Kentuek 01 03
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash..... — C 5
Belcher 23 SO Mexican ........ tt *'
Best & Belcher. 27 2S Occidental 14 1>
Bullion 04 03 Ophlr -.. 77 78
Caledonia 1501 55 Overman ....... 25 28
Chollar 13 15 Potosl »9 31
Challenge Con.. 22 23 Bavago ......... 13 14
Confidence S3 96 i Scorpion CS 03
Con Cal & V...1 70 1 75) Beg Belcher.... 04 0«
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 63 54
Con New York. 03 04 Silver Hill .. 14 15
Eureka C0n.... — 50: St Louis — II
Crown Point... 29 21 Standard —140
Exchequer 02 wlßyndlcat* _... — 11
Gould & Curry. 28 »;Unlon Con..—. M »3
Hale & Norcrs. 35 3S:L*tah ............ 11 1J
j u li a — 031Tellow Jacket.. U 23
A decline In Gas and Electric to JCO was the
only noteworthy change in local securities on
the . morning session. Business was quiet.
The afternoon session was also dull at un
changed quotations.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks ex
cept a dividend of 10c per share by the Home
Oil Company,
Dividends will be paid on the 20th as follows-
California Powder, $1; California Fruit Can
ners, 60c; Central Light and Power, sc; Hutch
inson Plantation, 25c; Spring Valley Water 42c
per Bhare. " "
The quarterly dividend of the Alaska-Mexi
can mine will be paid on the 2Sth. The amount
Is 10c per share, or $19,000.
The Alaska-Treadwell Mining Company has
declared the usual quarterly dividend cf 37'*c
per share, or $75,0C0. payable on April IS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
TUESDAY, April 17—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid \'k
V S Bonds- lEquit G L Co. 3% 3*
is quar cuup..U4HlUVi (Mutual El Co. — I2»i
Is do reg 114Y&ll.>ii'O G L & H.... 4(U _
4s do cp r0w.. 132 — Pac Gas Imp.. — 501:
}s do ccup....110 IWilPac L C 0.... — 43
Miscellaneous— js FG & E.. 30 50<:
Oal-st Cab Ss..llS 120 San Francisco. 4U 4«i
C C Wat C5...106Vi — IStkn G & ECoIO " —
Ed L & P 65. .123 - | Insurance-^
F&CI Uy 65.. 115 — iFirem's Fund.;*) —
Geary-st R os. — 92^! Bank Stocks—
H C & S 545. - - JAnglo-Cal Ltd. 64 —
Do 5s ........100 106 IBank of Ca1...406Vi405«i
V A t R £ 6 ;-" 104^ - |Cal SD & T..IOSU -
LA LCo 65... — — First National. — 290
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. 132 _
Do gntd 55.. 93 100H 1 Merchants' Et 15 —
LA& P R 55.1P2 - I Savings Banks-
Market-st 65..125H — \xev Nat Bk — —
Do Ist m 05. .116% — K; er S & L..1850 —
NCN O R 75.10S - Hum S& L _ _
NR of Cal 65.113' i — M ut Say Bk 43 _
NP of Cal 55.115H — s F Say U 512*4 —
NPC R R 65. 1044 - Say &L So 71 ? S
NPC R R 55.107U - bee Say Bk - -
N Cal R R 55. 112 — Union TCo — _
Oak G L&H55.103 — Street Ra;i"roal«—
Oak Tran 65...114U — California liiis^va
Oak WCo 55.. - 105H Geary-st "0 _
Oceantc S Co.. 106 107 Market-st Ry! 6! 6T.>i
Om CRy 85. .125 — O3L & H — £>
PfS 5y5 y V s - z,t - presidio ... :;: i 6i 6 -
p f nn l j?& «S« S - 1M ' 4 Powder Stocks-
P & O X R OS. 'f-lli'nrnin 1« <c-
PoweU-st R 65.117 - iStanrConCo.^i^
Sac L & GR5s. 90 — Vlirorit 3U 3X.
SF & SJV Ss.llStiin^i | U "V stocki—
Ip r c/riMsi'imv - S aw C&S Co SS?i 50
&, ,s?ni* Mm 1 * Honokaa S Co. 33 33%
Do (1012) ....llStf- iKilauea S Co. 21S -
R D P °^'5 S 5i ~ ~ Makawell SCo 43 O%
fa V }\ater 65.1U4114V Paaunau a c 3,^ ZVi
Bvwra™i'S W H Miscellaneous
l,y,^V , ( T. } 1^ Al Pack Assn.llS 118 ii
•&- . 65 .-- — 105 Cal Fruit Asn.lo4'4 -
Stocks— jr.- t.-_ *?„ _ inn
nt .; a r^fv- ** ** O?««* S CO." 93 "SH
Marln County. — — p__ a F" A 2
Spring Valley. 95 96 g£ C Bor 'co.lil -
Cmt'oLCto-- Par Palnt Co - 10 ~
Cent L & P.." 3% —
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Assn US 00
10 Equitable Gas 3 .-,0
5 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 23
100 Faauhau S P Co 3223
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 25
1 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 50
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 12%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. 8 90 50 00
25 Spring Valley Water 95 75
50 Vlgorlt 3 23
Street—
$10,000 Ferries & Cliff House bonds 115 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co v 50 37VJ
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Assn lIS 00
15 Giant Powder Con 82 50
25 Ktlauea S P Co 21 75
$1000 Los Angeles Ry Cs 104 25
100 Market Street Railway 25
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 115 75
100 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
$4000 S P of A bonds 113 23
Street—
$15,000 i*erriea & Cliff House bonds 115 25
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. U@lSc; dairy. 13®
16c. Cheese, firm; 12® 13c. Eggs, Bteady; fresh,
* . _ *
Foreign Futures.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. V. S. N-. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
The P tlme 'ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich Ume. CAXJnNg>
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. IT.. In chars;>.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 3aa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th« city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the- height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld>
and the' last or rieht hand column gives th*
last tide of the day. except when there are buf.
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heigh:*
given are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height.
and then th* number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference I<> the mean of the lower low watc-*.
8
ARTICLES. (Open. Hlch. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2— •
April 66
May 66% G€\ 66% 66%
July 68 68 67% 67%
September 68% . 63% 6S>4 6S*»
Corn No. 2—2 —
April SS
May &% 39% ZS% 38%
July 40% .40% 33Vi 39%
September l 41 41 40 40
Oats No. 2—
May 2314 23? i 2Z\i 23Vi
July Zi% 23% 23 23Vi
September 22% 22% 22«4 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 S5 13 05 12 52% 13 00
July 13 05 13 22^ 13 02% 13 15
Lard, per 100 Ib 3—
May 735 740 725 730
July 745 760 7 32% 7 37»4
September 765 765 740 745
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 730 730 720 7 22»4
July 730 735 7 17% 7 22V.
September 7 27% 7 27% 720 720 '
ARTICX.ES. IT
Receipts. I £
Receipts.! Shipm'ts,
Shipm't
Flour, barrels .'.
¦\Vh«at. bushels ;
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels
Rye, bushels
Barley, bushels
i _
28,000
57,000
390,000
293,000
8,000
67.000
I _____ w ___
61,000
62.000
133,000
381,000
5.000
38,000
i Time ! ITtme! Time!
1 Ft. Ft. 1
H Wl |L. W H W|
Ft.
Time)
Ft.
13
1»
20
21
23
24
. 0:W 5.4 7:55!— 0.2 »:M
. 1:16 5.4 S:2s— d.l 5:52
. 2:021 5.2 »:19 0.0 4:43
3:CM 5.0 10:13 0.2 5:41!
. 4:20 4.S 11:17! 0.5 6:30
L W H TV L. W
0:»> 2.8 5:43! 4.7 12:18
. 1:08, :.O 7:03) 4.7 I:U|
4.5
4.4
4.8
! 4.6!
I s.ol
0.7!
I 1.0!
7:1<»1
8:17
9:29*
i W:48 |
I 7:53!
>.l
3.1
3.;
3.1
5.J
5.4
Steamer. I
1 From. 1 Due.
— i
Mackinaw
Matteawan 1
Willamette '
Empire I
Bcnita I
Peru
Point Arena —
Crescent City...
Geo. W. Elder..
State or Cal
Pamoa '
Profrreso )
St. Paul i
Santa Rosa |
Co^ullle River..!
¦\Vashtenaw 1
Tellu*
r>el Norte |
I'matllla I
Tiliamook i
Pomona j
North Fork '
Coos Bay I
Bristol I
City of Rto J...J
Australia '
Corona i
Columbia [
Algoa i
Arcata I
i i
,'iSeattle _ Apr. 13
. ITacoma Apr. 18
.ISeattle - Apr. »
[Coos Bay Apr. IS
[Newport Apr. t*
Panama Apr. 1>
Point Arena Apr. i>
Crescent City Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 20
iHumboldt Apr. M
jTacoma Apr. 29
[Oyster Harbor. Apr. 20
jSan Diejto Apr. 21
irirays Harbor Apr. 21
'Tacoma [Apr. 21
'Oyster Harbor Apr. 2l
'Portland |Apr. 21
(Victoria & Pugret Sound! Apr. 23
ITillamook Apr. 21
iHumboldt Apr. 22
'flumboldt Apr. 2:1
iNewport Apr. 2".
jOyster Harbor. Apr. S3
[Chlaa and Japan Apr. 2t
(Honolulu Apr. SI
ISan Dtecro Apr. Z>
Portland Apr. 15
'China and Japan Apr. £>
!Coo«i Ray Apr. 28
)
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Nort* ForkiHumboldt Apr. IS. $ arnjpler 3
Columbia .. (Portland Apr. IS. 10 amlPter 24
City Para.. I Panama Apr. 19. 12 ml PMSS*
Moana 'Sydney Apr. IS. 8 pmlPier 7
Santa CruzlAlaska Apr. 13. 4pm|Pler 9
Corona iPan Dleiro Apr. 19. 11 amlPier 11
Tomona .... Humboldt Apr. 13. JpmjPter $•
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21, »am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 21. I pmlPter 3
Walla Walllvic & P«t Sd. Apr. 21. ISanVPler !?
Arcata I Coos Pay Apr. 21. 12 m Pier 13
Jeanle ICape Nome... Apr. 21. 13 m Center
Thrasher ..'Cnp<» Nome... Apr. 21, 12 mlCenter
Samoa jHumboMt Apr. 23. 10amjPlerl3
Santa Ros>a!San Pi«^ro Apr. 23. 11 amiPler 11
Btaf f>f ral!Portland Apr. 23. li> amiPl«r 24
Del Norte.. ! Oregon Ports. Apr. 23. Bam!Pler2fl
Aberdeen ..iPuget Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 prnjPler 2
Coqullle Rv' Grays Harbor Apr. 24. ....
Coos Bay...lN>^P < " > rt Apr. 20. 9am|Pii»rlt
Nip. Maru.. 'Chinas Japan! Apr. 25. 1 pm!PM33
ARTICLES. (Open. Hlch. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2— •
April 66
May 66% G€\ 66% 66%
July 68 68 67% 67%
September 68% . 63% 6S>4 6S*»
Corn No. 2—2 —
April SS
May &% 39% ZS% 38%
July 40% .40% 33Vi 39%
September l 41 41 40 40
Oats No. 2—
May 2314 23? i 2Z\i 23Vi
July Zi% 23% 23 23Vi
September 22% 22% 22«4 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 S5 13 05 12 52% 13 00
July 13 05 13 22^ 13 02% 13 15
Lard, per 100 Ib 3—
May 735 740 725 730
July 745 760 7 32% 7 37»4
September 765 765 740 745
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 730 730 720 7 22»4
July 730 735 7 17% 7 22V.
September 7 27% 7 27% 720 720 '
Steamer. I
1 From. 1 Due.
— i
Mackinaw
Matteawan 1
Willamette '
Empire I
Bcnita I
Peru
Point Arena —
Crescent City...
Geo. W. Elder..
State or Cal
Pamoa '
Profrreso )
St. Paul i
Santa Rosa |
Co^ullle River..!
¦\Vashtenaw 1
Tellu*
r>el Norte |
I'matllla I
Tiliamook i
Pomona j
North Fork '
Coos Bay I
Bristol I
City of Rto J...J
Australia '
Corona i
Columbia [
Algoa i
Arcata I
i i
,'iSeattle _ Apr. 13
. ITacoma Apr. 18
.ISeattle - Apr. »
[Coos Bay Apr. IS
[Newport Apr. t*
Panama Apr. 1>
Point Arena Apr. i>
Crescent City Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 20
iHumboldt Apr. M
jTacoma Apr. 29
[Oyster Harbor. Apr. 20
jSan Diejto Apr. 21
irirays Harbor Apr. 21
'Tacoma [Apr. 21
'Oyster Harbor Apr. 2l
'Portland |Apr. 21
(Victoria & Pugret Sound! Apr. 23
ITillamook Apr. 21
iHumboldt Apr. 22
'flumboldt Apr. 2:1
iNewport Apr. 2".
jOyster Harbor. Apr. S3
[Chlaa and Japan Apr. 2t
(Honolulu Apr. SI
ISan Dtecro Apr. Z>
Portland Apr. 15
'China and Japan Apr. £>
!Coo«i Ray Apr. 28
)
ARTICX.ES. IT
Receipts. I £
Receipts.! Shipm'ts,
Shipm't
Flour, barrels .'.
¦\Vh«at. bushels ;
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels
Rye, bushels
Barley, bushels
i _
28,000
57,000
390,000
293,000
8,000
67.000
I _____ w ___
61,000
62.000
133,000
381,000
5.000
38,000
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Nort* ForkiHumboldt Apr. IS. $ arnjpler 3
Columbia .. (Portland Apr. IS. 10 amlPter 24
City Para.. I Panama Apr. 19. 12 ml PMSS*
Moana 'Sydney Apr. IS. 8 pmlPier 7
Santa CruzlAlaska Apr. 13. 4pm|Pler 9
Corona iPan Dleiro Apr. 19. 11 amlPier 11
Tomona .... Humboldt Apr. 13. JpmjPter $•
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21, »am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 21. I pmlPter 3
Walla Walllvic & P«t Sd. Apr. 21. ISanVPler !?
Arcata I Coos Pay Apr. 21. 12 m Pier 13
Jeanle ICape Nome... Apr. 21. 13 m Center
Thrasher ..'Cnp<» Nome... Apr. 21, 12 mlCenter
Samoa jHumboMt Apr. 23. 10amjPlerl3
Santa Ros>a!San Pi«^ro Apr. 23. 11 amiPler 11
Btaf f>f ral!Portland Apr. 23. li> amiPl«r 24
Del Norte.. ! Oregon Ports. Apr. 23. Bam!Pler2fl
Aberdeen ..iPuget Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 prnjPler 2
Coqullle Rv' Grays Harbor Apr. 24. ....
Coos Bay...lN>^P < " > rt Apr. 20. 9am|Pii»rlt
Nip. Maru.. 'Chinas Japan! Apr. 25. 1 pm!PM33
i Time ! ITtme! Time!
1 Ft. Ft. 1
H Wl |L. W H W|
Ft.
Time)
Ft.
13
1»
20
21
23
24
. 0:W 5.4 7:55!— 0.2 »:M
. 1:16 5.4 S:2s— d.l 5:52
. 2:021 5.2 »:19 0.0 4:43
3:CM 5.0 10:13 0.2 5:41!
. 4:20 4.S 11:17! 0.5 6:30
L W H TV L. W
0:»> 2.8 5:43! 4.7 12:18
. 1:08, :.O 7:03) 4.7 I:U|
4.5
4.4
4.8
! 4.6!
I s.ol
0.7!
I 1.0!
7:1<»1
8:17
9:29*
i W:48 |
I 7:53!
>.l
3.1
3.;
3.1
5.J
5.4ARRIVED,
Tuesday. April 17.
Stmr City of Puebla. Debney. 53' i hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 17 hours from Eu-
Stir.r Corona. Gielow, «1 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr Sunol. Green.- 52 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. II hours from Al
bion.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. 3!^ days from
Chemalnus.
Nor stmr Tyr. Gram. 24 days from Vladivo
stok, via Mororan 20 days.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. 28 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu 7 days.
Bark Gatherer. Younggren. 12 days from Ta
coma, v!a Port Angeles.
Sehr Albion. Goodmanson. 5 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Rio Rey. Johnson. 5 days from Coqullla
River.
Schr Mary E Russ. Wlkender, 10 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Occidental, Roslch. 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr J Epplnger. Nyman, 20 hour 3 from
Bowens Landlne.
CLEARED.
„ .. rw Tuesday. April 17.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria- O R 8t N Co
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr President. Anderson. Bristol Bay Al
aska Packers' Association.
Stmr Kodlak. Haaven. Karluk: A'a.-k.i Pack
ers' Association.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Guaymas: Robert
Dollar.
Br stmr Doric. Smith. Hongkong, etc; P M
Ship Susquehanna, Bailey. Hilo- Williams.
Dimond & Co. <
Shin Eclipse Larsen. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
CHICAGO, April 17.— Wheat began the day
dull and easy. There was no encouragement
In cables. The rains continued to be regarded
as favorable to the crop and cash people re
ported nothing doing. The long stuff soon be
gan to ccme out more liberally, part of It be
cause it had to be sold, some in sympathy
with the slump In corn. The pit was gloomy
and well nigh deserted. Liquidation was not
in large lots, but the small lots came in plen
tifully, meeting Bmall demand. The excellent
report of the condition of the crop In Kansas
was probably a consideration with some, for
while there were differences of opinion as to
the size of the crop reaspning from the official
figures as to percentage and acreage it was
generally admitted that it would be liberal.
Bradstreet's figures showing a decrease In the
world's visible of 2,373,000 bushels caused a
momentary check in the decline — but only a
momentary one. May opened a shade lower at
wiVuCti-V, and sold down to 66V»c, closing at
that figure, %c under yesterday. July opened
a shade down at 68c to 67% c, sold down to
67%i(C7^c and closed He depressed at 67Vic.
The corn market was dull and weak. The
demand was In every way slack and liquida
tion caused a decline. May closed weak, lc
under yesterday. July closed lc down.
The oats market closed weak. There was
a continuance of May liquidation in oats which
has been under way for Beveral days. May
closed %c lower.
There was a big provision trade, the feature
of which was pork. Hogs were higher and re
ceipts only 14,000 head. . There was a good
general demand and shorts saw fit to cover.
Lard and ribs relinquished some of their early
gains, but closed steady, while pork, although
there was a dip from the early bulge, re
covered and closed strong. May pork closed
22V4C over yesterday, July 17Vjc up; May lard
2Vic improved. July 2Vic better and May ribs
closed unchanged, July 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat. 61H<564V»c; No. 2 red, 694*
70c; No. 2 corn, 3S%©39>ic; No. 2 oats, 24<4e
L'4Vic; No. 2 white, 27@27?ic; No. 3 white. 25?i(Q>
27',ic: No. 2 rye. 56c; No. 2 barley, 41@44c: No.
1 flaxseed, Jl 73: prime timothy seed, $2 35ig2 40:
mess pork, per barrel, Jl2 20«313 05; lard, per 100
pounds, $7 20(ff7 35; short rlba sides (loose), $7 15
Ql 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%S 7c;
Shipping Intelligence.
New York Stock Market.
NKW YORK. April 17.— The published opin
ions an-l assertions cf J. W. Gates, chairman
cf the American Steel and Wire <Ximpany, re
garding the present conditions and the put
look for the future in the iron and steel trade
o. eujiled the attention of dealers In stocks and
bonds to the almost total excluelon of all
other rnatttrs to-day. Demoralization and ron
futijon were the results. A striking commen
tary uiKin the way forces work in the stock
market Ik that the Iron and steel stocks are the
only one« that chow striking net rains while
the net lo#stB Bvcnrwfaen else are due to the
fears of unsound conditions of the iron tmde
«.nd In the securities cf oorporatlons In that
trade. When the urpeot demand for th» Iron
and steel stocks was perceived Immediately
after the opening drop In them, there was a
feeling of relief reflected In a lively recovery
vi prices all around. The first interpretation
of the buying of these stocks «v that It
contradicted the gloomy assertion* of the chair
man of the Steel and Wire Company. The
convictlf n seems to gather force that thli
buying niight simply represent the taking 0
profit by titans who had sold in antlcipatioi
erf the recent heavy declines ta these stocks
The assertions of the chairman of over-pro
duotlon in the trade and the necessity foi
conoertlor.s in prices were met by a chorui
of disclaimers by representatives of other com
I&r.les in the metal Industries and by author
ities in the trade. These disclaimers were ac
companied by much bitter Invective and ques
tloning of motive. The reassurance derlvec
from this uource had muoh to do with thi
genera! rally after the opening, but It wu no'
sufficient to allay all doubts caused by th<
concrete fact of the closing down of a larg«
number of the milli! of the Steel and Win
Company. One of the authorities who sough'
to controvert the j>osltlon of Chairman Gate!
trjrueti that If the Iron and steel Industry Is
in a* bad condition as Mr. Gates painted thei
practically all securities are £0 per cent to<
high. Tt.'.s authority tr.es.nt to enforce hii
view that the high level of security prleei
and the general prosperity of the countri
themselves s»rve to controvert the view tha'
the Iron trade Is unsound, but the belief li
deep-rooted among; stock operators that th«
iron trade !s a true index of the business o;
the country- The doubt cast upon its sound
n^rm \;7 so prominent an authority proved toe
much for the equanimity of. holders of stock'
and toward the latter part of the day thrs (
fwurities were thrown upon the market l»j
the wholesale.. Stocks which have been *pecu
latlve favorites for a rise were not the rhle
(sufferers. Missouri Pacific. Norfolk and West
ern and the Baltimore and Ohi>» stocks wer»
comparatively well held, while the higher
!>ri<-e<i stocks which are selling high In pro
jortion to the dividend return showed larger
declines. A late rally Jn the market made
It evident to how large an extent short selling
bad to do with the loss and recoveries, reach-
ing over a point in many cases, while the
iron and steel stocks closed 1 to 2 points above
last night's level for the leading members of
tiie group. The general news of the day and
money market conditions were entirely Ignored
in the trading.
There was no euch pressure manifest In the
bond market as In the stock market and strong
points were manifest here and there. Total
ealee, par value, $2,400,000.
United States old 4s declined H and new 3s
V 4 In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
tew Atchlscn b &i
37.?25 Atchison prefd 7'iV*
14,525 Baltimore & Ohio So 1 *
100 Canadian Pacific 9t> l i
400 Canada Southern '•¦¦At.
11,595 Chesapeake & Ohio 32
3.2C0 Chicago Great Western 13^
14,M>2 Chicago, Bur & Quincy 123 Vi
1.J50 Chicago, Ind & Louisville 26?,
fcOO Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 56
100 Chicago & Cast Illinois 103
1.0f"0 Chicago & Northwestern 101
H,9sO Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... llo
2,6u0 C C C & St Louis 62* i
460 Colorado, Southern C> 4
310 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43
200 Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 17
ICS Delaware & Hudson U.'-'i
145 Delaware. Lack & Western 179
1,r:5 Denver & Rio Grande 2y»i
2C5 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71*«
2CO Erie l^H
2.455 Erie Ist prefd 4U*
1.410 Great Northern prefd loS'i
*'<0 Hocking Coal IS%
1,260 Hocking Valley 38'ji
650 Illinois Central ...li4».
IJOO lowa Central l&V*
....... lowa Central prefd 52
100 Kans City, Pitts & Gulf 17%
400 Lake Erie & Western 32
Lake Erie & Western prefd i»5
Lake .Shore 200
5.720 Louisville & Nashville Sl'i
16.6T0 Manhattan L 94» 4
6,240 Metropolitan Street Railway 161' i
§4,ri-J Mexican Central 14
2VO Minn <fc St Louis 64VS
Minn & St Louis prefd 94
45.275 Missouri Pacific 5»»»
200 Mobile & Ohio 4a
4".' Missouri, Kansas & Texas HVi
IG.OJO Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd SS 1 !
400 New Jersey Central 116'^
2.650 New York Central 136»i
4,429 Norfolk & Western 35;g
1,900 Norfolk & Western prefd "Si
1.050 Northern Pacific i8 l *
4,710 Northern Pacific prefd 76V*
2.&00 Ontario & Western 24' i
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway &. Nay prefd 76
42.590 Pennsylvania 137\i
2.700 Reading l'o'z
20.-O5 Reading Ist prefd 601,;,
2,974 Reading 2nd prefd 314
Kio Grande Western &3>j
Rfo Grande Western prefd 87Vi
150 St Louis & San Fran 11
St Louis &. Fan Fran Ist prefd 70
310 St Louis & Pan Fran 2nd pred 36? i
2£o St Louis, Southwestern 12
6,970 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 33»i
12,450 St Paul 120" 8
450 St Paul prefd 172-i
St Paul & Omaha 117
31,650 Southern Pacific 3*K
S2O Southern Railway 14%
2,?2» Southern Railway prefd 5Ss»
16.750 Texas & Pacific IS 1 *
D 0.550 Union Pacific 57 ? 4
5,100 Union Pacific prefd 7a 1 !
£00 Wabash 8
7.0:5 Wabash prefd 23
1.210 Wheeling & L E 10%
4,040 Wheeling & L E prefd 2S'x
1,420 Wisconsin Central IT*/*
Express companies —
Adams "?
American I*s
United States *~V 2
Wells Fargo 122
Miscellaneous —
139 American Cotton Oil - 36^
American Cotton Oil prefd 99
SOO American Malting 4
American Malting prefd 20
2.C20 Amer Smelting and Refining/. 37
7&0 Amer Smelting and Refining prefd.. SS»i
American Hpirlts 2^
American Spirits prefd 17
8.930 American Steel Hoop 27',-i
1,400 American Steel Hoop prefd 73
84.SV) American Steel and Wire 49^
20.930 American Fteel and Wire prefd BU'.4
2.160 American Tin Plate 29
Cfco American Tin Plate prefd 7&* i
41.57S American Tobacco 103
American Tobacco prefd IS2
2i*s Anaconda Mining Co 49' i
29.265 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73^
6.675 Colorado Fuel and Iron 44
9.150 Continental Tobacco 29' i
2,142 Continental Tobacco prefd SOVi
60. ?.» Federal Steel 423*
\227 Federal Steel prefd W•»
2.671 General hlleetric IS."<-S«
1.035 Glucose Hugar 4S>-'!i
Glucose Sufe-ar prefd 9S', 4
425 International Paper 22
200 International l'aper prefd 64
Laclede Gas 70
300 National Hlscult 33
National Biscuit prefd ". S7
100 National Ltad 23! i
National Lead prefd 104* i
t7.570 National Steel 39
2,170 National Steel prefd S9
New York Air Brake 125
COO North American 15
209 Pacific Coast HSi
Pacific Coast Ist pretd S3
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62<4
2.H0 Pacific Mail 32%
39,8i0 People's Gas 10S»s
200 Pressed Steel Car 49' i
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82
100 Pullman Palace Car IS2
CiX> Ftanriard Ron* and Twine 6
CI.KO Sugar 105
.: Sugar prefd ill
11.475 Tennessee Coal and Iron 66
«,085 United Htates Leather 12
2,1.10 United States Leather prefd 70=)i
360 United States Rubber 31V.
320 United States Rubber prefd SSV*
300 Western Union 82
55 Republic Iron and Steel 18%
2,00 Republic Iron and Steel prefd 61
P C C and St Louis 60
2.120 Third Avenue 112"i
?28,6f-0 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
US !« refdg 103 North Carolina 65. .127
Do reg 994 Do 4s IC6
Do 3s reg lfflVi North Pac 3s 68U
Do coup 110 Do 4s 104
Do new 4s reg.. ..132 N V C & 8 L 45. ...106 V.
Do coup 123 Nor & W con 45... 67»1
Do old 4s reg 114Vj Do gen 6s ..133'
Do coup 114' i Or Nay lsts 108
Do Es reg 112V4 Do 4s 10354
Do coup 113*4!0r Short Line 65. .128
Dis of Col 3 655..121H Do con 5s 114
Atrhlson gen 4»....lCC%ißead gen 4s " M%
Do adjust 45...... M RG W lets &91J
Can South 2d5......107U 8 L & I M con 60..U0'l
Che»a & Ohio 4H5.. 100 Do S F cen 65... 121
Do Rs 121U St Paul con niy.
C fz NW cons 75... 142 Do C & P 15t5. ..120
Do S F Deb D 5....122 Do 5s 121*:
Chicago Ter in.... 97 ' South Ry Es lisu
D £ It G 15t«......104 IStand R & T C 5.... 71
Do 4s S9'j'Tenn new set 35... 9i'i
E T V & G lsts.... 10241 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...115
Erie. General 4s 73*s' Do 2ds .... GO
F W & I) C 15t.... 72:,j'Unlon Pac 45...!"i05*i
Gen Electric 6s 116^' Wabash lsts lisvt
Gal H & S A 6*. ...109 V Do 2ds 103
Do 2d» 107 .West Shore 4s mv
Hove tt T Cen 55.. .110 iWis Cen lsts 92
Do consol 6s 109 j Vir Centuries 91U
lowa Central 15t5..114'.4i Do deferred 6
X C P & G lets.... 72&:Colo & Sou 4s S4U
La new consol 45...105^ South Pac 4s ?4*;
L & N unl 4s 101 jN V Cen lsts Ijo4
MX & T 2ds €S% :N J Cen gen C 5....:23£
Do 4s 93 J i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar in Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 75
Con Cal & Va 1 Mi Plymouth 12
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 U)
Gould & Curry 26: Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada so
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 40
Iron Silver 65!unlon Con 28
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket .... 2S
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — !4 54?4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BSI4
Sterling Cables — 4 S9fc,
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 50>4
Mexican Dollars <S& 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are dull on the spot at
the nominal quotation of 40s, usual options.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a regis
tered tonnage of 29,370, against 4752 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 4763 tons,
against 34,830; on the way to this port, 171,260
tons, against 17". 000.
WHEAT— Futures are several fractions low
er. Spot quotations are unchanged. Operators
report a very dull market.
Foreisn markets stand about the same. Chi
cago opened weak on disappointing: cables and
favorable wrather. There was no support and
the bears hammered' the market. The weak
ness spread to Corn,' and a further decline was
expected at the close.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 86%@97«ic; milling,
98% c©M 01V».
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
24,001) ctls. $1 04%. May— l6,ooo. 96&e.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 96V4c; 10,000,
96c. • •
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctlß, $10374: 6000. $1 04. May— l2,ooo, 96c; 20,000,
95% c.
Exchange adjourped at noon In respect to the
memory of H. Dutard.
BARLEY— Is as dull as ever at the old quo
tations. •
Feed, 76c for No. 1 and 65@72V£c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®
87V»c; Chevalier, nominal. "
CALL' BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
No afternoon session. '
OATS— There It) nothing going on. Offerings
are. ample, but receipts are light.
White. $1 10<gl 30; Red. 95c@$l 17%; Gray.
$1 07V4®1 15: Black, $I@l 05.
CORN— Offerings are not large and the mar
ket Is firm. Eastern' White is quoted at $1 05@
1 07»/4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 12V40
1 l7Vi per ctl: mixed, $1 12& per ctl. .
. RYE— Weak at the recent decline, 95@97'/ic
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, . $3 6003 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, , $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25@3£ per; barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in ,; packs'. are as fol
lows, usual 1 discount, to. % the trade: Graham
Flour, " s2 75 ' per ICO lbs; '• Rye Flour, -' $2 75; Rye
Meal, {2 50; Rice Flour, $.7; Cora Meal, $2 60;
Oat Grsats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25©3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $I@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25:
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6®7 23; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lba.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Stocks of everything are ample for all cur-
rent needs, and as the demand Is not brisk
quotations stand the same, day after day.
BRAN-$12@13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16® 19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15317 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; jobbing,
$27 50© 28; Cocoanut Cake. $20Q21; Corn Meal,
$23 RC@24; Cracked Corn. $2«g24 60; Mixed Feed,
515 E0; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $7<Q9 for common to good; $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
16 50«i9: Oat, $6®S; Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa, $6®
7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25<g33c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
It is the same old story In Beans and Seeds—
a dull and featureless market, though Beans are
very firmly held.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 25; small White, $3 25®
3 50; large White. $3 20@3 25; Pink, $2 25@2 90;
Red. $3 50(^3 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $3 25; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 S(XJt4.
Si: 10DS- Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4%@4»4c; Flax, $1 90S 2 20; Canary,
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9@loc; Rape, ZM-&c; Hemp, 4@4 I / sc;
Timothy, 464'£c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90®2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are lower, owing to arrivals of the
new crot). Potatoes are dull and weak. There
is nothlnff new in Vesetables, though the feel
ing is weaker in the leading descriptions.
Receipts were 920 boxes Asparagus, 486 boxes
Rhubarb, 703 sacks Peas and 290 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 650; River Reds.
nominal; Burbanks, 40360 c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. BOg'Soc; Sweet Potatoes, for
Merced; New Potatoes,. l@2c. -• ¦ ¦•
ONIONS— New Red, $4; Old Yellow. Js@«;
Australian, $7@B per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c®$l 26 per box;
Asparagus, 75c@$l 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 50@l 75 for No. 1 and $2®2 25 for fancy
large; Green Peas, 75c® $1 60 per sack for com
mon and 2%c for Garden; String Beans, ;
Cabbage, 40®xl0c; Tomatoes, $I@l 50; Egg Plant,
from Los Angeles, 10c; Dried Okra, 32Vic per
lb; Garlic, sii6c; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, ; Dried Peppers, 8@10c: Carrots, 25
ftjSoo per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$I@l 25 per box; Cucumbers, soc@sl 60 per
dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Turkeys ar« higher and firm. Hens and
small broilers are weaker. Good fat stock
continues firm. Supplies are fair, and the de
mand is generally good.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$i 75<@2; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $4 50^5
for old and $5 50®7 for young; Hens, $4 50@5 50;
Young Roosters, $6 50@7; Old Roosters, $4®5;
Fryers. $5 50®6; Broilers, $4@5 for large and
$2 SCQ3 for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen
for old and $1 73@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1-21 25; Rabbits, $1 2501 50;
Gray Geese, $2@2 60; White, 50c; Brant. $1 25®
1 60; English Snipe, $2 60; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are shading off, and dealers are com
plaining of the dullness of trade. Stocks are
accumulating. Butter and Cheese are un
changed, though both are in good supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 18
Sl6Hc.
Dairy— Fancy, 15^@16c; good to choice. 14%®
15c; common. 14c.
CHEESE— New, 7',4@80; Young America, 8@
SHe; Eastern, 16@17c; Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13^@14c for store and Uhi
@15H:C per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Cherries are selling at a wider range,' and
receipts are Increasing.
Strawberries are lower. Citrus fruits are
firm and unchanged as a. rule, limes being
the only exception.
Half a chest of Raspberries sold at $1 25
per drawer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 75c<352 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— S4®6 per chest for larga
and $7@ll for small berries. Receipts were
220 chests. Blackberries, from the south, .
CHERRIES— SI 7553 per box. Receipts were
19 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25©3 50
per box; Seedlings, JIQ2: Lemons, Jljrl 50
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 50@5: Bananas, $1 25(32 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $4g5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prunes are about the only description mov
ing at present, and they are rather firm than
otherwise. Other descriptions are as they have
been for a long time.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4^c for
40-EO's, 4c for 50-603. 3li!g3»4C for 60-70's, 3U@
S^c for-70-SO's. 3@3Uc for 60-90's and 2%e for 90
lCO's; Apricots. ll@l2V4c for Royals, 12V6'315c
for Moorparks and 12@13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. siitfj6c for Standards, 6Vi®£%c for
choice and 7<&Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 100
12Uc; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried, 5©
6Hc per lb; Nectarines, BQ9c: Pears, 3H(B4Hc
for dark and 7>sSc for bright halves; Black
Figs, 2<g 2Hc; White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, Stt&c; unbleached Plums, 7@7Hc for
pitted and V/ic for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson' s— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb; 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, 8H:c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6Hc;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, s !^c;
3-crown, 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS — Walnuts, tQ9c for standards and
9sloc for softshells; Almonds, HH@l2c for
paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4'«sc for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5%(g6%c for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7V4SBc; Filberts,
12©12Hc: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 'll H@ 12c for bright and 10Vi@
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted, 7U@7V£c; dark,
sV4@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@I6c per lb.
Provisions.
The anticipated advance In, Hams, Bacon and
Lard has occurred, going into effect to-day.
The Western markets are very firm. Supplies
are light everywhere.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium. 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra llghf and 14% c for sugar cured. Eastern
RUKar-cured Hams. 13H@14c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl: extra Mess, $13; Family, $14: extra Prime
Perk. $14 50015; extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12H@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7SSC per lb for
compound and BVaS9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 9\ic; 10-lb tins. 9%c: 5-lb tins. 10% c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 88S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9V»c
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
Wool continues very slow and not over 150
bales of the new clip have been sold thus far.
Hops continue nominal. Hides are firm and In
good demand, but Pelts are quoted rather weak
owing to the dullness In wool.
W. B. Sumner & Co.'s circular says: "The
wet salted hide market is steady and prices
firm. March and April take-off sell readily at
quotations. Dry Hides and Calf Skins are In
creasing In receipts, but the demand is stead/
and they continue to sell freely. Large quan
tities of Deer Skins come to the market from
the north and the Northwest and Mexico. The
demand is active, with the prospects of a
well-sustained market. Goat Skins sell readily
at the prices quoted. The Tallow market is
steady, with a fair demand."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOffillc: medium. 9V£c; light, 9Ti9Vic; Cowhides,
9&9V4C; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip, 9(fi9V2C; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 18(i?19c: . culls and brands.
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@17c: Dry Calf, 190
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, i;,fi3oc each; short
Wool. 3j(gtoc each; medium. 70^ 90c; long Wool,
$I@l 25 ench: Horse Hides, $2 2503 for large
and $1 25@1 73 for small; Colts, 23®30c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins. 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@514c per lb; No.
2, 4®4M.c; refined, 6%c; greaße, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, IfiifflBc; Northern defective, 13@
16c; Middle County, free. 15®17c; Middle
County, defective, IS'qir.o; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 125f14c: do, free, 7 months', 12@15c;
do. defective. 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20@23c;. Nevada, 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— 6',4@loc per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6U@6V4c; Wool Bags. 25V4@32%c;
Fleece Twine, "Vfec.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, J7 50; Seattle,
»6 50: Bryant. *6 50; Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend. IS;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S: Cumberland. 112 In
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $3 45 per 2000 lbs.
Harrison's circular says:
"There has been but one arrival of coal from
Australia since the Mariposa left, viz.; Ken
sington, with . 2650 tons. This Is very excep
tional, and makes a total delivery of ; 11,233
tons in sixty days. There Is but one vessel due
here in the next thirty days. It Is very evi
dent that our fuel consumers must look for
other sources to draw their supplies from out
side of the colonies, and demonstrates what a
predicament we would be in If any accident
should occur to any one of .our principal north-
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK, April 17.— FLOUR-Receipts,
39,5."0; exports, 16.532; very quiet and a shade
easier in tone, but not quotably lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 75,850 bushels; exports,
11,473 bushels; spot weak; No. 2 red, 8014 c f. o.
b. afloat Epot; No. 2 red, 77% c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 76% c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive: No. 1 hard Duluth, 7ST»c f. o. b. afloat
prompt.
Options were weak and unsettled pretty much
all day, influsneed by disappointing cables.
fine crop news from the West and the break In
corn. Speculative trade was very quiet and
mostly local; closed weak at %@'/4c net de
cline; May closed at ~3%c; July closed at 73^c;
September closed at 74c.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady: No. 7 invoice, 8c;
No. 7 jobbing, SHe; mild, market steady; Cor
dova, &14f(14c.& 1 4f(14c. The market for coffee futures
closed firm at net unchanged prices to 5 points
advance. Total sales reached 23,000 bags, in
cluding May. $7 05; June. J7 10; July, J7 15@7 20;
September, $7 20®7 30; October, $7 25; Novem
ber, J7 3<i; December, $7 45<&7 50; January, $7 60.
SUGAIt— Raw, firm; fair refining. 4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4Vic; molasses sugar, 3 13-16 c;
refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3851 packages; steady;
Western creamer}'. 16@lSc; factory, 13315 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 20.340 packages; steady;
storage Western at mark, W^'giSc; regular
packages, 12V4S12HC at mark; Southern, 11*4®
12Vic
DRIED FRUITS
Evaporated apples were In fair demand, with
the undertone steady on better advices from
outside sources. California dried fruits were
quiet, but steady at nominally unchanged
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4%@Sc; prime, o^:&6c; ohoice, lijT&c; fancy,
73* ft Be.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3'4@7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ISSISc; Moorpark, 15®18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, li>'e22c; unpeeled. SV«.©9c.
New York Grain and Produce
Sun rises 5:31
Sun sets :-;;-- 6: "
Moon rises 1>:33 p. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters.
The T.'.:z& M!l!er loads merchandise for Apia;
Defender merchandise for Kihel. H. L
Wheat charter* prior to arirvai are the
Ernanuele Accarr.e and Martha Reux. Europe,
STs CC.
Treasure Shipments.
The Doric took out a treasure list of $332,019.
consisting of SISI.6CI in Mexican dollars, JI6GS
In cold coin and JI4S.C3 In silver bullion.
Local Export Trade.
r:\i--~.s trom this port by eea during the
first thi-ee months of the year amount to 111.-
T60,60\i. «gainst JT.eCS.IO'* during the same time
last year, the leading destinations being as fol
iows: To Great Britain. J3,743.5X>: China.
SL"4.S'JO; Japan. $1.2u>,900; Hawaiian Islands,
$3,SS6.E^o; Atlantic ports. 5917.800.
The War Tax.
The New York circular of Henry Clews *ays:
"Home conditions are favorable to continued
ease in money for some time to come. The
April Erttlements are oxer and all reports In
dicate an abundance of loanable funds at the
interior. The sui^ly of currency is consider
ably larger than a year ago and is being stead
•!y increased under the operations of the new
currency law. The chief danger to the money
roarkri. and one that should not be overlooked.
Is the ponsibility of Inconveniently large sums
bfing lacked up in the United States Treasury
through the operation of the Internal revenue
law imposed by the war with Spain. Secretary
Gaco has estimate a surplus ot $70.0n0.0i» for
the fiscal year ending June Si. 1900. and $(.2.000 -
OOd Jor the fiscal year ending 1501. It is need
less to point out the Injury, not merely to Vv ail
rtreet. but to what if vastly more important.
the legitimate business interests of the coun
try if funds are allowed to congest in the
Treasury in this fashion. It might be jx>ssible
for the Secretary to d<*po*it a large portion
of «hese accumulations in the depositary bajiks.
but' considering the present state of public
prejudice this method would doubtless expose
the administration to the silly charge of favor
itism to the banks, and raise an issue that is
t>est avoided. There is but one true course,
and that Is for Cor.sress at this session to re
ntal the superfluous and mast Irritating fea
tures of the Internal revenue law. co as to keep
a closer balance between receipts and expendi
tures A large surplus may be considered a
«i*:n of good management in private business.
t>ut in labile business It is bad management
and dangerous temptation to all sorts of ex
tiavacani and vicious legislation. Our Con-
Kressmen should be obliged to reduce the reve
nue before the present session clones, otnerwis
they must accept the responsibility for bring
lnr the present tide of business activity to an
untimely halt."
Weather Report.
CITOIh Meridian-Faclac Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 17. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<sate. as compared »'lth those of same date last
eeußun. and rainfalls in la>t twenty-four hours:
La ,t This Last
Stations- 14 Hours. Season. Season
Eurrks «•<"' * 7 - 3S 31 - r5
Red Bluff 0-00 24.53 19-37
Sarramento 0.00 16.40 13.51
Pan Francisco 0.00 U.S9 15.SS
Fresno <>•** «-S5 «•••
lniiei>«-ndence 0.09 2.78 1.16
**n Lu.s Obispo 0.00 15.26 M.J7
Los Arcel^s 0.00 J..6S 4.i9
Kan Dleeo <••« 3.38 4.5h
Yuma 0.00 0.18 l-&*
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
Et>: minimum. 4i; mean. £2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen generally o\-er the
tvestern half of the country- A moderate de
pression overlies Western Arizona and South
«-a«ern California.
The «cm:>trature lia* rif=en over Nevada,
Southern Utah and Northern Arizona. In the
creat valleys of California the temperatures
&re- neariy la d«*gre*-E above the normal.
Fog prevails along the central cuast of Cali-
Forecart made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Aj'ril 18. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, with
fog on the coaet; southerly winds, changing to
w«-«terly.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
Fan Krancisco and vicinity — Fair Wednoxday.
with fog; light southerly 'hanging to westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening .". 6 10% 5 10%
Closing 6 10% 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept;-Dec.
Opening 20 65 22 00
Closing 20 70 22 15
Flour—
Opening 27 00 28 90
Closing 27 10 23 95
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. April 17.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes In available supplies
from last account:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1,273,000
bushels.
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat- for and
in Europe, decrease. 1,100,000 bushels. Total
supply, decrease, 2,373,000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains. Increase, 165.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 119,000 bushels.
Among the more important decreases re
ported to Bradstreet's not given in the official
visible supply. are those of 300,000 bushels at
Northwestern interior elevators, 240,000 bushels
at Manitoba storage points, 159.000 bushels at
Depot Harbor, 74.000 bushels at Portland, Me.,
and 71,000 bushels at East Dubuque.
The principal decreases are those of 148.000
bushels at Port Huron, 132,000 bushels at Mil
waukee private elevators and 52,000 bushels
at Chicago private elevators.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 7000 bushels last week.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, April 17.— The demand for wool
in the market this week was quiet, with gen
eral quotations not materially changed. Ter
ritory wools continue nominal In price, with
free bids on the basis of 55c scoured for fine
medium and fine, but holders are disposed to
ask 57<258c. Fleece wools are quiet, with
prices largely nominal. There is considerable
more inquiry for Australian, with a few cross
breds gelling. Quotations:
Territory wools — Montana and Dakota, fine
medium and fine, 21@22c; ecoured, 67@58c;
staple. 62©-Csc; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium
and fine, 19@20c; scoured, 55@57c; staple, 63®
65c; Idaho, medium and fine, lS@l9c; scoured,
&s<Gs7c; medium, 20@23c; scoured, 52©54 c.
Australian ecoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superilne, nominal, 93® 94c; good, BS@9Qc;
average. SC&'Sac.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; generally steady; best on sale to-day,
$535; good to prime steers, $4 90<g6; poor to
medium, $4 10@4 75; selected feeders, $4<g4 90;
mixed stockere, »3 4053 90; cow«. $3(54 50; heif
ers, $3 15©4 75; canners, $2 25Q2 b0; bulls, $2 75®
4 23: calves, 15c higher than last Tuesday, at
14 50@S 75. Texas fed steers, $4®5 25; Texas
bulls, $3 23^3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 12,000; to-morrow,
30,000, estimated; 2500 left over; active, gen
erally 10c higher; top, $5 S5; mixed and butch
ers", $5 55®5 80; good to choice heavy. $5 65$
6 S5; rough heavy, $5 Eo£s 60; light, $5 50@5 75;
bulk of sales, $5 67%(ixS 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 12,000; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers, $6iS6 60; fair to
choice mixed, $s^o; Western sheep, $6<ifG 3";
yearlings. $6£6 L 0; native lambs, $5 50®i 45;
Western lambs, $6®7 45.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 17.— Cables in the Metal
Exchange this morning averaged up about as
anticipated. The local market for metals
ruled quiet all day.
TlN— Tin, the only metal showing price varia
tions, was barely steady in tone, although bid
prices were 12% points higher, but asking rates
were a shade below the closing figures of yes
terday, closing at $31 25(831 35.
PIG IRON— DuII and nominal.
LAKE COPPER — Steady and closed un
changed Rt »17.
LEAD— Continues dull and nominally un
changed on the basis of $4 67% bid and $4 72%
asked. ¦ ¦.¦•-¦ •" *
SPELTER— Quiet and steady, closing at
$4 72% bid and $4 77% asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 4o and for
corper $17 20@17 50.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 17.— Exchanges, $33J,726;
balances, $105,442.
Northern Wheat Market.
• OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 17.— The local wheat mar
ket Is still in a comatose state, with not
enough of the cereal changing hands to make
an accurate quotation possible. There Is not
much disposition to do business at anything in
excess of ?41?35c for No. 1 Walla Walla and 53
(gf.4c for Valley.
Cleared— British ship Thornllebank for
Queenatown, with 126,413 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 17.— Wheat— Little doing and
prices nominally unchanged;" Bluestem, 56c;
Club, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 17. — Consols, 101%; silver,
'27 5-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 50c; cargoes on pas
sage, white easy, red quiet; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Ss 4%d; English country markets, quiet;
wheat and flour on passage to United King
dom, 3,520,000: wheat and flour on passage to
Continent, 1,440,000; Indian shipments wheat to
United Kingdom, none; Indian shipments to
Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, April 17.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s EdS6s 5%d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country makets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d.
em collieries, or If there should be any labor
disturbances there. The latest cabled freight
quotations on coal from Australia show a soft
ening, and vessels are being more freely offer
ed. There are reported engaged to carry coal
from Newcastle and Sydney thirty-six Vessels
with a carrying capacity of 114. < X* tons; tha
major portion of this will not be delivered here
for several months. We will have an im
mense surplus of grain to move this year,
which necessitates our being forced to pay
generous freight rates to carriers. Sailing ves
sels must head thi3 way, and much the larger
porportion of those coming will carry us coai,
so that we may naturally look for free deliv
eries the latter part of this year. Coal fret*'..ts
from Newcastle should decline, as the present
asking rates are driving colonial fuel out of
the market; local buyers can do better by con
fining their contracts entirely to our coast
products, which their consumers appear pleased
SCANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. $I®l 50; To
"cANNED" FRUITS - Cherries. $2 40@3 for
black and white; Peaches. $1 6o@l SO; Pears
«W®180; Apricots. $1 25@1 70; Plums, $1209
1 COFFEE - Costa Rica - 14@16c for prime
washed; 12f13%c for good washed: »«t>c for
good to prime washed peaberry; USl2%c for
good to prime peaberry; ll@l3'»c for Rood to
Prime: sglOVic for current mixed with black
beans; B@lo%c for medium to fair; 6%@.%c
nominal for common to ordinary. _„,,»,.,«.
s«iv?rtnrw n®l4c for good to prime washed:
<)V?ll0» 4 c^r fair washed; 12Q13%c for good to
Prime l washed l peaberry: »£Sttc for good to
£r ml semi- washed: 9>i©loc for super ior un
washed; 8-%®9c for good green unwashed U 10Vg
10*»c for good to prime unwashed peaberry, 6®
794 e nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 14516% c for prime to fancy
wa-he™ 9%«13c for fair to strictly good
washed! »aSW4O nominal ffopr p good to »u perior
unwashed; 10<8 > 10% c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry- »/»-«/„ ***• inf»rinr
Guatemala and Mexlcan-«S;JiC 1 for ™™™*
to ordinary; 12%®'13c for strictly sood wart £d.
11®11%c for good washed: /«4?* c f '?-,„?•<£
washed; B@B%c for medium: 6S-7%c lor inferior
0^ *£«£?£
vnm t ? unwartSd peaberry: 8%«9%e nominal for
goott to superior unwa»ned. _ .
LEATHER-Sole, heavy. J*® 3 ** ffrj I*'.."1 *'..". 1 ,"
Leather, medium. 26@27c; Sole Leather . light.
2«&27c: Rough Leather, heavy 27@2Sc, Rough
Lather, light. 25626 c; Harness L"^- ?«££
32933 c; Harness Leather, medium, 80®S2c. Har
ness Leather, light. 29©30 c; Collar Leather^
16c per foot: Kip, finished, «'^oc per U>. Veal,
finished. 50<S55c; Calf, finished. 75c®$120.Sldes.
finished. 16517 c per foot; Belt Knlf» Splits. 14©
16c; Rough Splits, 8t?10c per lb.
OILS-Callfornia Castor Oil In cases. No. L
75c; pure. $1 10; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c; No. 1. 49c; casfs^
5c more; China Nut. 61565 c per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 60c: cases. 65c; Sperm,
pure, 60c; Whale Oil. natural white. 32% c.
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25«1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2®
2 Petroleum, gasolene. ETa-water
white Coal Oil. In bulk. 14c: Pearl Oil In
cases. 20c; Astral. 20c; Star. 20c; Extra. Star
Oil, 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene. 22c; Deordortzed
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; do, cases, 22c; Benzine,
in bulk. 15% c; do, cases, 21% c; 86-degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c; cases. 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— l Bos..
ll'ic r>er set: 14 oa.. 10% c; 12 oz.. 9%c; 10 oz..
i\c; twelves, 12 oz. (hotel). 10Uc* Granite
Mining Candles— l 6 02.. 12@12Uc per set: 14 oz..
11-??llV*c: 12 oz.. lO^ic: 10 oz.. 9%c: twelves. 13
oz. (hotel). 10% c. Parafflne Wax Candles — Ones,
14 oz., white, 12V4c per set; twos. 14 oz.. white.
12Uc: fours, 14 oz., white. 12V4c; sixes. 14 oa.,
white, 12Uc; twelves, 14 oz.. white. 12% c; col
ored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7@7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge, "U@"%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 73c; In Iron barrels,
67c; In wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 70c; raw. barrels.
6Sc; cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— S3I 50 per flask for local use
and $46 50^47 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c: Powdered.
5.60 c; Candy Granulated. 6.20 c; Dry Granulated.
5.10 c; Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.SOc; barrels. 10c
more; half -barrels, 25c more: boxen. 50c more;
EO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes,
half-barrels, 6.550; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16317; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17t?lS for No. 1 and $15(316 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $3 50®4: Pickets. $18; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $3 73 for fancy: Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21©27.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Changes are few and narrow. The supply of
everything except Hogs is ample for all needs
.and the market is quiet. Receipts of Hogs con
tinue too small.
BEEF— 6ft6»ic p*r lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-6'i@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; ewes, 6%©7 c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring. J39c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, BTJS^Hc for small and
medium and 5%{?5%c for large; stock Hoga and
feeders, 6Viigs%c; dressed Hogs, 7JJS&C.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 17.
Flour, qr sks 19.503 Middlings, sks... l.SfiO
Wheat, ctls 8.120 Hugar. bbls 77
Barley, ctls 1.83.V Powder, cars 1
Oats, ctls 1,420 Wine, yals 29.050
Corn. ctlß Svv Quicksilver, flsks 2">
Tallow, ctls 221 Hay, tons 236
Butter, ctls 624 Wool, bags 153
Cheese, ctls 78|Eggs. doz 30,000
Beans, eks EOO'Chicory. obis 11
Potatoes, sks 950 Pelts, bdls 295
Onions, sks 10 Hides, No $00
Bran, sks 500' Leather, r0115.... 63
OREGON
Flour. Qr sks 2.519 I
WASHINGTON-
Flour, qr ska s,?oo|Bran. sks 1.7.19
Oats, ctls. 330; Middlings. sks.... 1.250
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Call loan Z<S<Mt Rubber 32
Money— t'nion Pacific 57%
Time loans 4Q>5 West End S3
Stocks— Westlnghouse El.. 45
Atch. T & St Fe.. 26% Wls Central \~V*
Do prefd 70^,1 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 105 lAtchison 4s 100
Do prefd in N c Gas &Coke 6s 6S&
Bell Telephone ....320 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany.. 24s Adventure 4%
Boston Kiev 144 Allouez Mln C 0... 2
Boston & Maine. .l9o Amal Copper 92%
Chi. Bur k Q 125-4 Atlantic 25
Coal 45 ! Boston & Mont 305
l>o prefd lloVi Butte & Boston 73
Federal Steel .... 42% Calumet & Hecla.74s
Do prefd CS 1 * Centennial 20Vi
Fitchburg prefd 132'i 1 Franklin 15
General Electric. .l 33 lOsceola 68
Do prefd \Z<i Parrot 44
Ed Elec 111 205 Quincy 130
Mexican Central... n\ Santa Fe Copper.. 5%
N E Gas St. Coke.. 11% Tamarack 190
Old Colony 28 (Utah Mining' 4%
Old Dominion 19 | Wolverines 40%
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 17.— Money on call steady
at 3(ff3% per cent; last loan. 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4><i@s per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S7V4S4 87% for demand and at $4 83%
04 84 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84% and
$4 88%. Commercial bills. $4 83®4 83%. Silver
certificates, 60%@61%c. Bar silver, 69Hc. Mex
ican dollars, 47 3^c. Government bonds, weak;
State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 17.— T0-day's state
ment of the treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $151,004,099; gold, $87,316,816.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was only half resumed after the holi
days in the markets here to-day. The tone
was 3teady. For the war loan special settle
ment the contango began at 5% and finished at
5. not co stiff as was exDected.
Americans opened a shade above parity, but
arbitraeeura were all addressing the list. New
Tork cam? very dissappointing, causing the
worst prices. They suddenly improved toward
the close on heavy buying of Norfolk and
Western, said to be for Kuhn, Loeb & Co. The
stock continued to mount in the street and
others sympathized. A general rally is now ex
pected on New York's Initiative.
Tlntcs spurted to 60%. a fresh record. Parts
has the market well In hand and Is squeezing
the Ware, who are plentiful in England and
still more in Scotland. Anacondas were heavy,
Americans selling them 94 down to 10%. The
copper fortnightly statistics show stocks in
creased 12^5 tons and supplies increased 2010.
Money was in demand and there was a mod
erate Funily. Half the amount due the bank
was repaid, the rest being received at 5 per
cent. The bank did a good business In dis
counts ct 4 uer cent. Of gold £12,000 came in
from Australia and £10,000 went to an un
stated destination.
CLOSING,
LONDON. Anril 17.— Canadian Pacific. 99%;
Union Pacific cref erred, 78%: Northern Pacific
preferred, ~h\: Atchison, 28; Grand Trunk, 8%;
Anaconda. 10^. Bar silver, steady, 27 5-16 d per
ounce.
Continued oa Page Eleven.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 13.
Silver and Exchange stand the same.
Cereals continue quiet and unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans, Hay and Feedstuff s.
Shipment of $332,019 to China.
Onions lower, ozving to the appearance of the new crop.
Potatoes dull and zvcak. Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese stationary. Eggs dull and weakening.
Poultry market fairly supplied and steady.
Cherries and Strawberries declining.
Citrus Fruits as before quoted.
Dried Fruits quiet. Prunes selling fairly.
Hides steady and in good demand. Wool and Hops dull.
Hogs scarce and firm. Otlier meats dull and in ample supply.
Coal continues steady.
Hams, Bacon and Lard advanced I-2C
Heavy increase in local export trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
short clear sides (boxed). $7 40@7 50; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 25H.
Sugars — Cut loaf. 6c; Granulated, 5.44 c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Anaconda 45
ISO Barker Ranch 1 15
330 Home Oil 4 00
I<M) San Joaquln 1 93
400 Yukon, s 90 1 25
Street—
100 Caribou 45
100 Caribou «, SO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Caribou J3
100 Home OH 4 CO
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the- San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session.
200 Andes llilOOOphir Tt
200 Best & Belcher. 2S* 200 Overman XT
300 Caledonia 1 50! iw) Savage I.J
200 Chollar 15| 500 Silver Hill IS
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Yellow Jacket.. 31
300 Gould & Curry. 2^|
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 03 3o<> Potosl 30
200 Andes 11 ¦ 2GO Savage 13
200 Best & Belcher. 2S 1<» Sierra Nevaia. £»
100 Crown Point... 21 200 Stiver Hill 1*
200 Gould & Curry. 2» 100 Silver Hill 13
liOOphir 77 200 Utah 13
200 Overman X 100 Yellow Jacket.. 33
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yeseterday:
Mornins Session.
100 Belcher 30 300 Overman 2»
3O> Belcher 23. 200 Potosi 3')
400 Challenge Con.. 23 200 Silver Hill 1»
500 Chollar 15 100 Union Con S3
150 Con Cal & V.I 72^1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 35
400 Gould & Curry. 2SI 100 Yellow Jackat.. 34
• Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con 0«' 300 Overman *T
700 Best & Belcher. 27! 100 Overman 25
600 Con Cal & V...1 701 400 Potost SO
400 Crown Point... 21 300 Seg Belcher.... 05
200 Hale & Norcrs. 17 200 Seg Belcher.... 04
20* Ophlr 77!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April IT— 4 * SB.
Bid. Ask. I Bld-Aii.
Alpha 04 WJustlca 05 0T
Alta 05 07 Kentuek 01 03
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash..... — C 5
Belcher 23 SO Mexican ........ tt *'
Best & Belcher. 27 2S Occidental 14 1>
Bullion 04 03 Ophlr -.. 77 78
Caledonia 1501 55 Overman ....... 25 28
Chollar 13 15 Potosl »9 31
Challenge Con.. 22 23 Bavago ......... 13 14
Confidence S3 96 i Scorpion CS 03
Con Cal & V...1 70 1 75) Beg Belcher.... 04 0«
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 63 54
Con New York. 03 04 Silver Hill .. 14 15
Eureka C0n.... — 50: St Louis — II
Crown Point... 29 21 Standard —140
Exchequer 02 wlßyndlcat* _... — 11
Gould & Curry. 28 »;Unlon Con..—. M »3
Hale & Norcrs. 35 3S:L*tah ............ 11 1J
j u li a — 031Tellow Jacket.. U 23
A decline In Gas and Electric to JCO was the
only noteworthy change in local securities on
the . morning session. Business was quiet.
The afternoon session was also dull at un
changed quotations.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks ex
cept a dividend of 10c per share by the Home
Oil Company,
Dividends will be paid on the 20th as follows-
California Powder, $1; California Fruit Can
ners, 60c; Central Light and Power, sc; Hutch
inson Plantation, 25c; Spring Valley Water 42c
per Bhare. " "
The quarterly dividend of the Alaska-Mexi
can mine will be paid on the 2Sth. The amount
Is 10c per share, or $19,000.
The Alaska-Treadwell Mining Company has
declared the usual quarterly dividend cf 37'*c
per share, or $75,0C0. payable on April IS.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
TUESDAY, April 17—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid \'k
V S Bonds- lEquit G L Co. 3% 3*
is quar cuup..U4HlUVi (Mutual El Co. — I2»i
Is do reg 114Y&ll.>ii'O G L & H.... 4(U _
4s do cp r0w.. 132 — Pac Gas Imp.. — 501:
}s do ccup....110 IWilPac L C 0.... — 43
Miscellaneous— js FG & E.. 30 50<:
Oal-st Cab Ss..llS 120 San Francisco. 4U 4«i
C C Wat C5...106Vi — IStkn G & ECoIO " —
Ed L & P 65. .123 - | Insurance-^
F&CI Uy 65.. 115 — iFirem's Fund.;*) —
Geary-st R os. — 92^! Bank Stocks—
H C & S 545. - - JAnglo-Cal Ltd. 64 —
Do 5s ........100 106 IBank of Ca1...406Vi405«i
V A t R £ 6 ;-" 104^ - |Cal SD & T..IOSU -
LA LCo 65... — — First National. — 290
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. 132 _
Do gntd 55.. 93 100H 1 Merchants' Et 15 —
LA& P R 55.1P2 - I Savings Banks-
Market-st 65..125H — \xev Nat Bk — —
Do Ist m 05. .116% — K; er S & L..1850 —
NCN O R 75.10S - Hum S& L _ _
NR of Cal 65.113' i — M ut Say Bk 43 _
NP of Cal 55.115H — s F Say U 512*4 —
NPC R R 65. 1044 - Say &L So 71 ? S
NPC R R 55.107U - bee Say Bk - -
N Cal R R 55. 112 — Union TCo — _
Oak G L&H55.103 — Street Ra;i"roal«—
Oak Tran 65...114U — California liiis^va
Oak WCo 55.. - 105H Geary-st "0 _
Oceantc S Co.. 106 107 Market-st Ry! 6! 6T.>i
Om CRy 85. .125 — O3L & H — £>
PfS 5y5 y V s - z,t - presidio ... :;: i 6i 6 -
p f nn l j?& «S« S - 1M ' 4 Powder Stocks-
P & O X R OS. 'f-lli'nrnin 1« <c-
PoweU-st R 65.117 - iStanrConCo.^i^
Sac L & GR5s. 90 — Vlirorit 3U 3X.
SF & SJV Ss.llStiin^i | U "V stocki—
Ip r c/riMsi'imv - S aw C&S Co SS?i 50
&, ,s?ni* Mm 1 * Honokaa S Co. 33 33%
Do (1012) ....llStf- iKilauea S Co. 21S -
R D P °^'5 S 5i ~ ~ Makawell SCo 43 O%
fa V }\ater 65.1U4114V Paaunau a c 3,^ ZVi
Bvwra™i'S W H Miscellaneous
l,y,^V , ( T. } 1^ Al Pack Assn.llS 118 ii
•&- . 65 .-- — 105 Cal Fruit Asn.lo4'4 -
Stocks— jr.- t.-_ *?„ _ inn
nt .; a r^fv- ** ** O?««* S CO." 93 "SH
Marln County. — — p__ a F" A 2
Spring Valley. 95 96 g£ C Bor 'co.lil -
Cmt'oLCto-- Par Palnt Co - 10 ~
Cent L & P.." 3% —
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Assn US 00
10 Equitable Gas 3 .-,0
5 Honokaa Sugar Co 33 23
100 Faauhau S P Co 3223
80 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 25
1 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 50
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 12%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. 8 90 50 00
25 Spring Valley Water 95 75
50 Vlgorlt 3 23
Street—
$10,000 Ferries & Cliff House bonds 115 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co v 50 37VJ
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Assn lIS 00
15 Giant Powder Con 82 50
25 Ktlauea S P Co 21 75
$1000 Los Angeles Ry Cs 104 25
100 Market Street Railway 25
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 115 75
100 Paauhau S P Co 32 00
$4000 S P of A bonds 113 23
Street—
$15,000 i*erriea & Cliff House bonds 115 25
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. U@lSc; dairy. 13®
16c. Cheese, firm; 12® 13c. Eggs, Bteady; fresh,
* . _ *
Foreign Futures.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. V. S. N-. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
The P tlme 'ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich Ume. CAXJnNg>
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. IT.. In chars;>.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 3aa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th« city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the- height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld>
and the' last or rieht hand column gives th*
last tide of the day. except when there are buf.
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heigh:*
given are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height.
and then th* number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference I<> the mean of the lower low watc-*.
8
ARTICLES. (Open. Hlch. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2— •
April 66
May 66% G€\ 66% 66%
July 68 68 67% 67%
September 68% . 63% 6S>4 6S*»
Corn No. 2—2 —
April SS
May &% 39% ZS% 38%
July 40% .40% 33Vi 39%
September l 41 41 40 40
Oats No. 2—
May 2314 23? i 2Z\i 23Vi
July Zi% 23% 23 23Vi
September 22% 22% 22«4 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 S5 13 05 12 52% 13 00
July 13 05 13 22^ 13 02% 13 15
Lard, per 100 Ib 3—
May 735 740 725 730
July 745 760 7 32% 7 37»4
September 765 765 740 745
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 730 730 720 7 22»4
July 730 735 7 17% 7 22V.
September 7 27% 7 27% 720 720 '
ARTICX.ES. IT
Receipts. I £
Receipts.! Shipm'ts,
Shipm't
Flour, barrels .'.
¦\Vh«at. bushels ;
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels
Rye, bushels
Barley, bushels
i _
28,000
57,000
390,000
293,000
8,000
67.000
I _____ w ___
61,000
62.000
133,000
381,000
5.000
38,000
i Time ! ITtme! Time!
1 Ft. Ft. 1
H Wl |L. W H W|
Ft.
Time)
Ft.
13
1»
20
21
23
24
. 0:W 5.4 7:55!— 0.2 »:M
. 1:16 5.4 S:2s— d.l 5:52
. 2:021 5.2 »:19 0.0 4:43
3:CM 5.0 10:13 0.2 5:41!
. 4:20 4.S 11:17! 0.5 6:30
L W H TV L. W
0:»> 2.8 5:43! 4.7 12:18
. 1:08, :.O 7:03) 4.7 I:U|
4.5
4.4
4.8
! 4.6!
I s.ol
0.7!
I 1.0!
7:1<»1
8:17
9:29*
i W:48 |
I 7:53!
>.l
3.1
3.;
3.1
5.J
5.4
Steamer. I
1 From. 1 Due.
— i
Mackinaw
Matteawan 1
Willamette '
Empire I
Bcnita I
Peru
Point Arena —
Crescent City...
Geo. W. Elder..
State or Cal
Pamoa '
Profrreso )
St. Paul i
Santa Rosa |
Co^ullle River..!
¦\Vashtenaw 1
Tellu*
r>el Norte |
I'matllla I
Tiliamook i
Pomona j
North Fork '
Coos Bay I
Bristol I
City of Rto J...J
Australia '
Corona i
Columbia [
Algoa i
Arcata I
i i
,'iSeattle _ Apr. 13
. ITacoma Apr. 18
.ISeattle - Apr. »
[Coos Bay Apr. IS
[Newport Apr. t*
Panama Apr. 1>
Point Arena Apr. i>
Crescent City Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 20
iHumboldt Apr. M
jTacoma Apr. 29
[Oyster Harbor. Apr. 20
jSan Diejto Apr. 21
irirays Harbor Apr. 21
'Tacoma [Apr. 21
'Oyster Harbor Apr. 2l
'Portland |Apr. 21
(Victoria & Pugret Sound! Apr. 23
ITillamook Apr. 21
iHumboldt Apr. 22
'flumboldt Apr. 2:1
iNewport Apr. 2".
jOyster Harbor. Apr. S3
[Chlaa and Japan Apr. 2t
(Honolulu Apr. SI
ISan Dtecro Apr. Z>
Portland Apr. 15
'China and Japan Apr. £>
!Coo«i Ray Apr. 28
)
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Nort* ForkiHumboldt Apr. IS. $ arnjpler 3
Columbia .. (Portland Apr. IS. 10 amlPter 24
City Para.. I Panama Apr. 19. 12 ml PMSS*
Moana 'Sydney Apr. IS. 8 pmlPier 7
Santa CruzlAlaska Apr. 13. 4pm|Pler 9
Corona iPan Dleiro Apr. 19. 11 amlPier 11
Tomona .... Humboldt Apr. 13. JpmjPter $•
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21, »am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 21. I pmlPter 3
Walla Walllvic & P«t Sd. Apr. 21. ISanVPler !?
Arcata I Coos Pay Apr. 21. 12 m Pier 13
Jeanle ICape Nome... Apr. 21. 13 m Center
Thrasher ..'Cnp<» Nome... Apr. 21, 12 mlCenter
Samoa jHumboMt Apr. 23. 10amjPlerl3
Santa Ros>a!San Pi«^ro Apr. 23. 11 amiPler 11
Btaf f>f ral!Portland Apr. 23. li> amiPl«r 24
Del Norte.. ! Oregon Ports. Apr. 23. Bam!Pler2fl
Aberdeen ..iPuget Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 prnjPler 2
Coqullle Rv' Grays Harbor Apr. 24. ....
Coos Bay...lN>^P < " > rt Apr. 20. 9am|Pii»rlt
Nip. Maru.. 'Chinas Japan! Apr. 25. 1 pm!PM33
ARTICLES. (Open. Hlch. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2— •
April 66
May 66% G€\ 66% 66%
July 68 68 67% 67%
September 68% . 63% 6S>4 6S*»
Corn No. 2—2 —
April SS
May &% 39% ZS% 38%
July 40% .40% 33Vi 39%
September l 41 41 40 40
Oats No. 2—
May 2314 23? i 2Z\i 23Vi
July Zi% 23% 23 23Vi
September 22% 22% 22«4 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 12 S5 13 05 12 52% 13 00
July 13 05 13 22^ 13 02% 13 15
Lard, per 100 Ib 3—
May 735 740 725 730
July 745 760 7 32% 7 37»4
September 765 765 740 745
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 730 730 720 7 22»4
July 730 735 7 17% 7 22V.
September 7 27% 7 27% 720 720 '
Steamer. I
1 From. 1 Due.
— i
Mackinaw
Matteawan 1
Willamette '
Empire I
Bcnita I
Peru
Point Arena —
Crescent City...
Geo. W. Elder..
State or Cal
Pamoa '
Profrreso )
St. Paul i
Santa Rosa |
Co^ullle River..!
¦\Vashtenaw 1
Tellu*
r>el Norte |
I'matllla I
Tiliamook i
Pomona j
North Fork '
Coos Bay I
Bristol I
City of Rto J...J
Australia '
Corona i
Columbia [
Algoa i
Arcata I
i i
,'iSeattle _ Apr. 13
. ITacoma Apr. 18
.ISeattle - Apr. »
[Coos Bay Apr. IS
[Newport Apr. t*
Panama Apr. 1>
Point Arena Apr. i>
Crescent City Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 13
Portland Apr. 20
iHumboldt Apr. M
jTacoma Apr. 29
[Oyster Harbor. Apr. 20
jSan Diejto Apr. 21
irirays Harbor Apr. 21
'Tacoma [Apr. 21
'Oyster Harbor Apr. 2l
'Portland |Apr. 21
(Victoria & Pugret Sound! Apr. 23
ITillamook Apr. 21
iHumboldt Apr. 22
'flumboldt Apr. 2:1
iNewport Apr. 2".
jOyster Harbor. Apr. S3
[Chlaa and Japan Apr. 2t
(Honolulu Apr. SI
ISan Dtecro Apr. Z>
Portland Apr. 15
'China and Japan Apr. £>
!Coo«i Ray Apr. 28
)
ARTICX.ES. IT
Receipts. I £
Receipts.! Shipm'ts,
Shipm't
Flour, barrels .'.
¦\Vh«at. bushels ;
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels
Rye, bushels
Barley, bushels
i _
28,000
57,000
390,000
293,000
8,000
67.000
I _____ w ___
61,000
62.000
133,000
381,000
5.000
38,000
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Nort* ForkiHumboldt Apr. IS. $ arnjpler 3
Columbia .. (Portland Apr. IS. 10 amlPter 24
City Para.. I Panama Apr. 19. 12 ml PMSS*
Moana 'Sydney Apr. IS. 8 pmlPier 7
Santa CruzlAlaska Apr. 13. 4pm|Pler 9
Corona iPan Dleiro Apr. 19. 11 amlPier 11
Tomona .... Humboldt Apr. 13. JpmjPter $•
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21, »am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 21. I pmlPter 3
Walla Walllvic & P«t Sd. Apr. 21. ISanVPler !?
Arcata I Coos Pay Apr. 21. 12 m Pier 13
Jeanle ICape Nome... Apr. 21. 13 m Center
Thrasher ..'Cnp<» Nome... Apr. 21, 12 mlCenter
Samoa jHumboMt Apr. 23. 10amjPlerl3
Santa Ros>a!San Pi«^ro Apr. 23. 11 amiPler 11
Btaf f>f ral!Portland Apr. 23. li> amiPl«r 24
Del Norte.. ! Oregon Ports. Apr. 23. Bam!Pler2fl
Aberdeen ..iPuget Sound.. Apr. 23. 4 prnjPler 2
Coqullle Rv' Grays Harbor Apr. 24. ....
Coos Bay...lN>^P < " > rt Apr. 20. 9am|Pii»rlt
Nip. Maru.. 'Chinas Japan! Apr. 25. 1 pm!PM33
i Time ! ITtme! Time!
1 Ft. Ft. 1
H Wl |L. W H W|
Ft.
Time)
Ft.
13
1»
20
21
23
24
. 0:W 5.4 7:55!— 0.2 »:M
. 1:16 5.4 S:2s— d.l 5:52
. 2:021 5.2 »:19 0.0 4:43
3:CM 5.0 10:13 0.2 5:41!
. 4:20 4.S 11:17! 0.5 6:30
L W H TV L. W
0:»> 2.8 5:43! 4.7 12:18
. 1:08, :.O 7:03) 4.7 I:U|
4.5
4.4
4.8
! 4.6!
I s.ol
0.7!
I 1.0!
7:1<»1
8:17
9:29*
i W:48 |
I 7:53!
>.l
3.1
3.;
3.1
5.J
5.4COFFEE ARGUMENT.
New Evidence of the Effect.
A South Dakota man, W. A. Dawley,
Sturgis, explains the condition si me
men get into from coffee drinking. Let
it be understood that coffee seems to
agree with some people well enough,
but \\ la p a person finds it does not
agree it is better to leave it off. He
says: '"I used coffee about twenty
years, and quit it September 30, 1898.
1 had become almost a complete wreck,
thin in rich and emaciated, dyspepsia
and indigestion of the worst orden
nerves shattered, no appetite, slept very
little, and my blood was so thin that the
slightest breeze chilled me through.
'"Medicines gave no relief. I had
about given up when I finally concluded
to investigate and see if it was really
true, as I had read in a number of your
statements, that coffee acted like a poi-
son to some people. It was an easy
matter to leave off coffee when I took
Postum Food Coffee, for the food cof-
fee taste! as good as the other, and, to
my' surprise, it set good on my weak
stomach.
"I have been buying the Postum
through my grocer." Mr. James Meyer,
and always have followed directions
carefully. I Irked it from the first and
have drank Postum three times a day
ever fince. Have pained twenty pounds
in weight, my appetite is better than
ever before, my sleep perfect, dyspepsia
is a thins; of the past, and my nerves are
what they should be. I can vouch for
the statement that Postum Food Coffee
'makes red blood' and plenty of it. My
son, Amos Dawley of this city, has been
completely cured of dyspepsia in three
months by quinine coffee and using
Postum Food Coffee This is given
you as an honest testimonial of the
priceless value of your (tS* me) life-
saving food drink. You are welcome to
use my name if you want" Respect-
fully. ' ':•'¦ <;/^jL
POSTUM CEREAL.
AMERICAN LINE.
VXV YO2X. 803T2AXPTOK. LONDO.t, PAX23L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork April IS New Tork May >
St. Paul April 23 St. Paul May H
St. Louis May 2 St. Louis.. May 23
RED STAR LINE.
New YerK aqd Antwerg.
From New York •very Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Apiil'isl Friesland May 9
Kensington April 25 Southwark May It
Noordlaad May 2| Westcrniand ....May 23
EMPIRE LIME.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May IS and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent callings June 30. July 31. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
Far full Information regarding- freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Zi Montgomery St.. or any ot Its agents.
Emil Nusbaumer Convalescing.
OAKLAND April 17. — Emil Xuk
baumer, the attorney, has recovered from
his recent Illness sufficient to be out to
dny.
Internal Revenue Appointments.
Levi S. Bixby.of Oakland has been re
instated as storekeeper gauger by order
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Mr.
Bixby was a storekeeper ln the revenue
service from IS9I to 1833, and Is reinstated
under the provision of the civil service
law extending the privilege to veterans
of the Civil War. He served in the Mas
sachusetts troops from ISG2-65.
Wlnfleld Scott of Kern, Cal., has been
appointed Deputy Collector, and Assigned
to office duty ln San Francisco. Mr. Scott
was formerly Assessor of Kern County.
DR. STIMPSON'S SON
HURT WHILE WHEELING
OAKLAND. April 17.-While bicycling
on San Pablo avenue, near Seventeenth
street, this afternoon Earl Stlmpson, 13
years old. son of O. W. Stimpson, was
run down by a team, or another wheel
man, and so badly injured that he Is In
grave danger of death. The boy's skull
was fractured and he sustained a severe
concussion of the brain. The lad man
aged to reach his home ln a half con
scious condition. He was unable to say
more than that he had been in a collision.
He resides at 698 Twenty-fourth street,
only a few blocks from the scene of tho
accident. The parents called Dr. Robert
T. Stratton, who performed an operation
on the skull, but pronounced the Injury
to be very serious.
This evening the police were notified of
the accident and detectives were detailed
to search for the now unknown person
who ran Into the boy. The accident oc
curred at the crossing of San Pablo ave
nue and Seventeenth street, and it Ist sup
posed the collision was caused by some
team or wheel that was running across
young Stlmpson's path. The boy's father
is a well-known veterinary surgeon.
FATAL RESULT OF
OPERATION FOR
APPENDICITIS
Miss Annie Herrick Suc
• ciimbs to Sudden Attack
of the Disease.
Surgeons Unable to Relieve a Promi
nent Young Society Belle Who
Was 111 Only Ten
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. April 17.
Miss Annie Miller Herrick. daughter of
Mr. and Mri. W. F. Herrick and a niece
of the late Albert Miller, died thia morn-
Ing at 2 o'clock at her heme, 1302 Twelfth
street. Appendicitis was the cause of
death.
Miss Herrlck had been seriously ill for
ten days, an operation having been per
formed a few days ago In the hope of sav
ing her life, but the patient could not
rally from the shock. The young lady
was twenty-flve years old. a native of San
Francisco. She was an accomplished mu
sician, handling the violin with superior
ability. Of the family connections, her
father is in Charge of the safe deposit de
partment of the Oakland Bank of Savlnps.
She was a sister to Mrs. Colin Ross. Mrs.
Joslah Stanford. Miss Bertha Herrick.
Mrs. Mark L. Requa. Miss Lucy Herrick
and Miss Margaret Herrick. Her brother.
William A. Herrick. was killed by Fred
ericks, the robber, at his desk ln the
branch of the San Francisco Savings Un
ion several years ago in San Francisco.
The funeral will probably take place on
Thursday. Owing to the death the Re
quas have canceled present social engage
ments.
Knights of Tara.
The well-known Hibernian association.
Knights of Tara, will picnic on Sunday
next ln Sunset Park. The committee In
charge mis secured a number of gate
prizes and also many prizes to be given to
those who will take part ln the games and
races to be started on the grounds.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.'*
MON., Tue«.. Wed.. Thura. ana Sat. »t >:4S
a. m.; 1:15, B:*> P. to. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days, 1 P. nv and 8:30: Sundays. 10:20 a. m., 9
?m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
ler No. 2. Telephone Mala 1308.
FARE Mo
[JRifisZaila. •*"• T '» Honolulu and
•It 8^""" Auckland for Sydney
a™^ ' Wednesday. Aprtl U.
Ou/l/A at • ». m.
§KJnsliipJ-^v«£sgs
FaTortte I!fl« aroond tbe world via Hawaii.
Eamoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sue*.
England, etc; {610 first clasi. ' ..
;. b. ftrrtECKCLS & buns. CO., Aqti.. 114 Montaomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Mark« St
THE 0. R. & H. GO.
IDISPATCH FAST BTEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp»ar-street "" v harf at 10 a. m.
CADE i! 2 First Class Including Berth
InnC $8 Second Class and ileaJa.
COLUMBIA sails April 8
Short Line to "Walla Walla. Spokane, flutte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 630 Market St.
t GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. .
Superintendents.
ROYAL ARCH MASONS.
Session of the Grand Chapter — Offi
cers Elected for Ensuing Term.
There were present about two hundred
and fifty representatives yesterday m6rn
lng at the opening of the Grand Chapter
of the Royal Arch Masons at the annual
session in the Masonic Temple. The re
port of the officers showed a very satis
factory state of afTairs during the paat
year The afternoon was taken up in the
exemplification of the work. To-day there
will be another session when matters of
Importance to this branch of the Masonic
order will bo discussed.
The following named were elected as
officers of the chapter for- the ensuing
term: Edward R. Hedges of Stockton,
high priest: S. H. Wagener of San Jose, 1
deputy grand high priest; Lewis Casa
of Orovllle, grand king:
Charles F. Lott of Oroville, grand scribe;
Franklin H. Day. grand treasurer; Will
lam A. Davies, grand secretary.
Drisdom Recaptured.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WILLOWS, April 17.— Constable Kln
kade to-day arrested Roy Drisdom, alias
Elmer Le Roy, a, colored youth about 19
years of age, who escaped from the Pres
ton Reform School a short time ago. The
young man was a barber and had ob
tained, employment in a local shop. He
will be taken back to the school to-mor
row. . - -
Set Fire to Her Head.
Special Dlppatch to The Call
HOLLISTER, April 17.— At noon yester
day Mrs. J. F. Taylor, aged forty-seven
years'* poured the contents of a kerosene
lamp on her head and set fire thereto. Her
shrieks brought her husband to her aid,
but she was fatally burnod, the eyes leav
ing the sockets and the teeth falling out.
Death ensued four hours latdr. Deceased
was temporarily insane.
UNKNOWN MAN FOUND
FLOATING IN THE BAY
The body of an unknown man was found
yesterday morning floating in the bay
near Section 3of the sea wall. The corpse
had been so long in the water that the
features were unrecognizable, lne hair
was let black and the body was six feet
tall • A brown soft h^t was tucked under
the 'vest. The clothes were of black diag
onal and the footwear was black laced
shoes. Two penknives, a very smaH clay
pipe the bowl in the shape of a woman's
shoe and business cards of the Brooklyn
Hotel and New Atlantic Hotel and the
Fearless saloon. No. 71 Third street, were
found In the pocket.
On the back of the saloon card was writy,
ten a note in pencil requesting the bearer
to call at Fifth and Mission, street gro
cery and milk depot— that a man wanted a
situation to work on a milk ranch, and
was signed "L. Sander" or "L. Sauder. 1
The body was taken to the Morgue.
OCEAN TBAVZTj.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ ¦ wharf, San Franclaco:
Vffltfw^ For Alaskan rort» — 10 a. m.,
K^^»» April 18. 21. 2s; May 1. Chan*«
IC^J^SJU!^ to company 1 * steamers at fle-
fcmfiSiiVnq * For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
RsSJCz^iKVAI C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^%Sffljliiai Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New "VVhatrom (W.iah.) —
¦¦^""•^ 10 a. m., April 16, «. M: May
1 and every fifth day thereafter; change at Se-
attle to this company" s steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
C0 For r Eu°reka. Humboldt Bay -W »•«>•. Aprtl
14. 19. 24. 29; May 4 and'every fifth day ther*-
For" Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucc*. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). °»£ot»-
Fanta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, SanPedro
East San Pedro <Lo« Angeles) and Newport— »
a. m.. April 13. 17. 21. 25, 29: May 4 and every
fourth day thereafter* tt»^««i
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)--U a. m..
April 15. 19. 23, 27: May 1 and every fourth day
For*Eru<enarta, MagiJalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m., 7th of «*ch
For 'further Information obtain company's
The" company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrpvloua notice, ,
TICKET OFFTCK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' - „
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Congressman Metcalf in Town.
OAKLAND. April 17.— Congressman
Victor H. Metcalf arrived this evening
from Washington, poir.g immediately to
the bedside of his pick daughter Corinne,
at the residence of Mrs. E. B. Nicholson,
the child's grandmother, at 1321 Linden
Ftref-t. Late to-night the condition of the
patient was unchanged, being very crit
ical.
Marsden Manson Lectures on Russia.
An interesting lecture on Russia" was
delivered last nirht by Mnrsden Manson,
Commissioner of Public Works, at the
Young Women's Christian Association.
1259 \. i arrell street. The lecture was il
lustrated with a series of stereopticon
views which had been taken by Mr. Man
son during his attendance at a recent in
ternational congress of geologists In St.
Petersburg. He spoke entertainingly of
his travels and showed among others the
following pictures: The rivers Neva and
Volga, the naval station at Kronstadt,
Academy of Fine Arts in St. Petersburg,
the steppes of Russia, Great Trans-Sibe
rian Railway and Moscow. Before the
lecture a piano duet was rendered by Miss
A. Grass and Miss M. Webb and a man
dolin solo by Miss Lois Wheaton.
ATHLETIC EVENTS AT
MAY DAY BENEFIT
Arrangements for the May day benefit
for the San Francisco Public School
Teachers' Annuity Society, to be held at
Glen Park, are rapidly approaching com
gletion, and an enjoyable day is promised
y the promoters of the project. A num
ber of athletic events have been arranged
to take place in the afternoon. Only two
pupils from each school may enter the
races, with the exception of the 100-yard
hill- climbing race for boys of the eighth
and ninth grades, when four pupils may
contest.
The colors adopted for the day are those
of the two universities, blue, gold and red.
For the sake of harmony all badges and
exterior decorations of booths will have
those colors. Headquarters will be es
tablished near the theater.
Committees and schools are working
zealously in the cause, and the member
ship has passed the 500 mark. Schools not
managing booths can assist greatly by so
liciting supplies, orders for which can be
forwarded to T. H. McCarthy, care of Su
perintendent of School's office, City Hall.
Teachers must collect cash and unsold
tickets not later than Friday. April 27,
and no commissions are to be paid to pu
pils for selling tickets after that date.
ANNIE NUNES' DEATH
PURELY ACCIDENTAL
OAKLAND, April 17.— A verdict of acci
dental death was rendered to-day in the
inquest held upon the case of Annie
Nunrs, who was killed yesterday by the
discharge of a shotgun her eight-year-old
brother was carrying. Joseph Nunes, tho
father, testified that the boy had fre
quently carried the weapon to and from
the house. George Nur.es. the lad who
had the »run. told a straightforward story
of tho sad affair. He mild his sister was
rtanding by a kitchen table when he en
t«rr«-d the house with the pun under his
arm. The hammer of one barrel was at
half cock, and as he' passed Into the
kitchen it eatitrht in some way he could
rot explain. The grirl was a few feet from
the muzzle ar.d the charge tore away the
right Bide of her head. The jury made no
comment in its verdict.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
She Wants a Divorce.
OAKLAND. April 17.— Mrs. Mary Ajrnew
has brought suit for divorce against her
husband, Thomas Agnew Jr.. on the
ground of willful neglect. Agnew was
formerly In the Insurance business In this
city, but got into trouble with the com
pany he represented and the matter waa
settled only after considerable litigation.
Martin GilleRt Expires.
Martin Gillett, one of the earliest set
tlers in this State and once a prominent
business man, expired yesterday morning.
He was 82 years old and death was the
result of old age. Gillett was well known
in this city, and during the past few
years of his life was particularly popular
along the water front.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
A RECEIVING TELLER
William Cunningham of the Bank of
California Passes Away After
a Brief Illness.
William Cunningham, receiving teller of
the Bank of California and one of the
best-known yachtsmen in the State,
passed away yesterday after a short Ill
ness. His taking off has been a severe
blow to his relatives and friends. He was
B son of the late Commodore R. B. Cun
ningham, U. S. N.'v and brother of Mrs.
M. E. Steele and Mrs. J. W. C. Maxwell.
Deceased came to California in ISSS, and
during his residence In this State was con
nected at different times with Thomas H,
Belby, Wells. Fargo & Co.. the San Fran
cisco Bank. Haywards Bank, Safe De
posit Company, and at the time of his
death was with the Bank of California.
He was a member of the leading yacht
clubs and was considered an expert Bailor.
He was a native of Washington, D. C.
Funeral of Albert Miller.
OAKLAND, April 17.— The funeral of tho
late Albert Miller will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 1:30 o'clock from the family
residence. Fourteenth and Union utreet.".
The Interment will be in Mountain View
Cemetery. Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor
of the First Congregational Church, will
officiate. The services will be of a very
simple character.
DESCENDANT OF KING
LILOA PASSES AWAY
Death of Robert Hoapili Baker, a
Warm Friend of the Late
Kalakaua.
HONOLULU, April 10.— Robert Hoapill
Kekaipukaala Baker of the royal family
of Llloa of Hawaii died on the 4th Inst.
and was burled yesterday.'
Robert Hoapill Baker, or, as he was
best known in his lifetime, Hoapili
Baker, was a descendant in the sixth de
gree of Liloa, King of Hawaii. His great
grandfather was Napuupahoehoe, high
chief of Maul, at about the time of the
discovery of the Islands by Captain Cook.
His father was Kekeleelku of Maul, and
Hoapill was born at Waikapu, Maui, in
IMS. He was educated at Lahainaluna.
Early in life he developed strong military
tastes and he was for many years an of
ficer in the household troops, for a time
a captain and later a colonel. He was a
warm personal friend of King Kalakaua,
and the King made him Governor of Maui,
a position he held for many years. In
the later years of his life he was not
actively engaged in business. He owned
considerable property and lived a retired
life of leisure.
Hoapili Baker accompanied Kalakaua
to San Francisco in 1890, and was with
him when he died, accompanying the re
mains back to Honolulu.
THREE FIGHTS SCHEDULED.
Fitzsimmons and Dunkhorst to Com
bat on April 30.
NEW YORK, April 17.— The decision of
the Police Commissioners to stop prize
fighting after May 1 probably will have
the effeqt of crowding all fights into the
next dozen days.
McGovern and Tommy Warren, the for
mer featherweight champion, who has
been in retirement for several years, will
fight twenty-five rounds at the Broadway
Athletic Club on Friday night.
Bob Fitzsimmons, Ed Dunkhorst and
the Hercules Athletic Club will post $500
each this week to guarantee the match
between the first-mentioned two, which
will be decided at the Hercules Club
house April 30.
Dal Hawkins, the California light
weight, and Jack Daly of Wilmington,
Del., will fight at the Hercules Athletic
Club next Monday night.
Must Go to Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 17.— James Watson,
convicted of assault with intent to com
mit murder, was sentenced by Judge
Smith to five years' Imprisonment In San
Quentin. Watson sought to kill Manuel
Garcia in a saloon in Watsonville on Feb
ruary 4. He fired three shots at Garcia,
one taking effect in his arm.
% •
Death of a Pioneer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, April 17.— John C. Smith, one
of the first settlers in this city, died at his
residence this morning. S . The deoeased
came to California in tho early days with
a party of gold seekers and for a number
of years lived in Tuolumne County, after
ward removing to Merced. Mr. Smith was
a native of Ohio and 73 years of age.
Judge Gordon Will Resign.
SEATTLE, April V -Governor John R.
Rogers to-day admitted that Judge Gor
don of the State Supreme bench was
about to resign, having wearied of the
arduous duties of the office and that the
executive would appoint in his place the
Hon. W. H. White of Seattle.
PACIFIC INTERCOLLEGIATE
BOATING ASSOCIATION
BERKELEY, April 17.— The boating as
sociation of the University of California,
¦with the assistance of the State univer
ldtl«fl of Washington and Oregon, is con
templating the organisation of a Pacific
Coast Intercollepiate Uoating Association.
.Assurances have been received from both
institutions that crews will be organized.
The University of Washington has built a
boathouse and will soon have several
boats.
The crew of the University of California
¦tviii i:i all probability secure a coach. A
Harvard man is spoken of to coach it dur
ir.R- tr.e mming reason. It will enter the
Pacific Coast Association's regatta on
April 2>». Arrangements ar<? under way for
a benefit regatta, to be held in the Ala
xneda estuary next fall.
W. G. Henshaw Goes East.
OAKLAND. April 17.— W. G. Henshaw.
president of the Union Savings Bank and
one of the promoters of the new electric
railway to Point Richmond, left on a sud
den business trip to New York to-day.
GRAND LODGE KNIGHTS
AND LADIES OF HONOR
Showing Made by Reports of Grand
Officers — Rulers for Next Year
to Be Elected To-Day.
The first session of the Grand Lodge of
the Knights and Ladles of Honor of the
jurisdiction of California was held yester
day in Pythian Castle. Grand Protector
Z. T. Whitten presided and there were
present all the grand officers and dele
gates from the several lodges.
The sessions ln the forenoon and after
noon were taken up ln reading and con
sidering the reports of the grand officers.
That of the grand protector showed that
notwithstanding the increase of assess
ments at the session of the Supreme
Lodge last October the order is in better
condition than at any previous period in
its history. During the year Equity-
Lodge of Sacramento consolidated, with
Harmony Lodge of that city. A ¦ new
lodge is being organized at Watsonville.
The report of the grand secretary show
ed that there had been seventeen deaths,
the beneficiaries receiving $30,000. There
are now 7&9 members in good standing, a
loss of seventeen by death and of fifty
seven who withdrew on account of the
increased rates of assessment. The Grand
Lodge receved $1385 during the year and
disbursed $919.
The first order of business this morn
ing will be the election of officers. New
opposition "has developed against the
grand protector and A. H. Anderson,, the
vice protector, who wants to advance to
first place. These are Dr. C. C. O'Donnell,
James P. Dockery and J. A. Colquhoun.
For grand secretary Mrs. Antoinette Graff
will oe a candidate against H. W. Qult
zow, ,the incumbent.
WILLING TO SELL
RECREATION PARK
At the regular meeting of the directors
of the Mechanics' Institute last nlyht the
recommendation of Messrs. P. J. Healy,
G. H. Wallis and R. J. Tausslg that the
Folsom-street property be sold was adopt
ed by the board. Real estate men compe
tent to judge appraise the property, now
known as Recreation Park, at $125,000, and
the board is willing to let It go at that fig
ure. It was stated last night that the
property cost 197 ,000 a few years ago but
has since cost the institute nearly $100,000
more. It brings in practically no income.
The institute, on the other hand. Is pay
ing interest on a mortgage of $400,000 on
the pavilion, and wants to be rid of some
of Its burdens.
It was decided to replace the office of
the librarian on the main floor where it
was formerly. Hereafter all books of ref
erence are to be plainly marked "Refer
ence" on the back, po as to avoid confu
sion. The directors are making an effort
to restore the library business to its for
mer basis.
SERIOUS ACCUSATION
AGAINST A BROTHER
OAKLAND. April I?.— Alpheus Kendal.
president Ot the- Pacific Coast Lumber and
MiMing Company, made a serious accusa
tion against his brother, Noah, ln Jud^e
Jirill's court to-day, alleging: that he had
stolen certain pperifieatlons for a building
ami that tbeee specification* had beon re
turn" d thf '1.-iy after his brothtr had been
accused r,f the theft.
The cue on trlaJ was that of W. W.
Anderson apainst Alpheus Kendal for the
recovery of J^' claimed to be due for ex
tra crork on a house erected for the «<?
• fondant. Kendal stated that while his
brother is vice president of the same firm
of which he h:m<t>!f is president, Noan
if .I<alous because he has not so good a
hous<- as the defendant and stole the
f;>--« :>;i:i<-ns in urder to assist Anderson
Jn the I'iTurt to win his ca.«e. Noah Ken
dal will probably l>e called as a witness
by the plaintiff.
SHIRT ESTABLISHED
SUICIDE'S IDENTITY
Dead Man Discovered to Be Frank
Merwin by the Man Who Gave
Him Article of Apparel.
The mystery which surrounded the man
who was found dead in the lodging house
at 317 Third street last Thursday has
been cleared Up. He was yesterday posi
tively identified as Frank Merwln and the
police and Morgue officials are satisfied.
Detectives AVrenn and Dinan, who were
detailed on the case, succeeded in tracing
his identity by means of the shirt, upon
which deceased had written a facetious
note shortly before he ended his life. Hart
Bouton, superintendent of the La Grand
and White laundries, settled all doubts
yesterday by stating that he knew de
ceased well and had given him the shirt
marked "1001." which was on the body.
¦ According to his statement Merwin was
a cook and had signed to act in that ca
pacity on the bark Felton, which was to
sail for Seattle and Nome the day follow
ing his tragic death.
Morgue Surgeon Leland reported to Cor
oner Cole that he had been unable to find
any lesion of the organs that would ac
count for the death of the man. He said
he found some rigidity of the heart, as
though there might have been paralysis of
that organ, but he did not think that the
indications were sufficient to be taken as
the cause of death. City Chemist Charles
L. Morgan, who analyzed the stomach, re
ported that he had failed to find any
traces of poison. He was of the opinion
that if the suicide had taken phosphorus
and strychnine pills traces of the poison
would be found.
FITZGERALD IS ON
TRIAL FOR HIS LIFE
Damaging Testimony Is Given by
George O'Malley, Who Was
Employed by Lennon.
Frwcial DisiiuUc-h to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. April 17.— A jury was
secured this morning in the Fitzgerald
murder case and the taking of testimony
commenced this afternoon. The first wit
ness called for the prosecution was Coun
ty Surveyor W. B. Gilbert, who identified
and explained a plan of the dwelling
where the homicide occurred.
Sheriff J. H. Mansfield testified as to
certain photographs taken at the same
place about a week after the shooting.
Dr. J. L. Ross, who held an autopsy
upon the body of John Lennon on last
Christmas day. testified as to the cause
of death. Apart from the wound that
caused death he found Lennon to be a
strong, muscular and healthy man about
Fix feet tall and weighing about ISO
pounds. He was not allowed to give his
opinion as to the position of the body
when the wound was received.
George O'Malley was called and testified
that on December 24 last and prior thereto
he had been driving a team of Lennon'a
and living at the latter's house; that Fitz
gerald had also been living there for
some time; that witness arrived at the
place on Christmas eve about 7:30 o'clock,
having returned from a visit to Colma.
and found Lennon lying dead on the floor.
In the dining-room behind the door on the
floor he found an old Springfield rifle
which he identified as the property of
Fitzgerald. He also testified that early in
the morning of the 24th of December he
drove with Fitzgerald from Lennon's
place to Colma to catch the train for San
Francisco. On this trip Fitzgerald said
to witness: "I could put a bullet through
that (referring to Lennon) and noth
ing would be done to me." The examina
tion of the witness was incomplete when
court adjourned and will be resumed to
morrow morning.
•
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST
National Capital Doings That Affect
Western States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 17.-Scnntor Per
kins to-day introduced an amendment in
tended to be proposed to the naval ap
propriation bill providing for a chapel at
Mare Island at a cost of $0000.
Senator Perkins has received a tele
gram from Ed Rosenberg, secretary of
Labor Council No. 102 of San Francisco,
saying that several hundred contract la
borers en route to California are held by
officials at Emmerson, Manitoba, pending
a treasury ruling, and the council pro
tests against their importation. Mr. Per
kins to-day called upon Secretary Gage,
who informed him there was no matter
pending before the Treasury Department
concerning laborers held at Emmerson.
Twenty-four laborers had been denied
admission, at Pemberton, and perhaps
they were being held there, pending their
appeal from the decision of the depart
ment. Senator Perkins filed Mr. Rosen
berg's protest with the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
received an application for the organi
zation of the First National Bank of
bumpter, Oregon, capital $25,000. The
applicants are, A. P. Goss, Sump
ter. Or.; John T. English. A. W. Ellis,
Seymour H. Bell anu William Stinson.
Rural free delivery service will be es
tablished on May 1 at Sacramento.
Postmasters appointed: California—
Rockport, Mendocino County, C. C.
Rounds; Springville, Ventura County,
Josephine Henderson.
Patents for Californians — Gilbert L.
Baker. Waterford, snap hook; Charles H.
Bennett, Los Angeles, furnace stove or
fireplace; Ernest E. Burson, Los Angeles,
screened urinal; Maurice A. Delew, as
signor one-half to W. P. Coleman, Sac
ramento, door controller; William R. Dow,
Boulder Creek, gas engine; John C. Dres
sel, Fresno, sheet metal molding and or
namenting machine: Edward D. Eldrldge
and K. M. Smith. Stockton, lamp; James
A. Hall. San Francisco, can for packing
butter; Edgar W. Hutchison, San Fran
cisco, assignor to American Separable
Square Company of California, combined
separable square, try square and bevel:
Frederick D. Jones. Los Angeles, adjusta
ble school desk" ink well holder; Charles
A. Menley, Newhall, expansion reamer;
Charles W. Merrill, Alameda, means for
charging leeching vats; Rudolph Creed,
assignor of two-thirds to H. Trading and
M. Blum. San Francisco, self-cleaning
filter; Dicle E. Sharp. Lo3 Gatos, fruit
coring and stemming implement; Appius
C. Swain, assignor one-half to J. M. Bow
ers, San Francisco, gas generating ap
paratus; Ezekiel F. Taylor, Azusa, rail
way chair; George N. Todd, Los Angeles,
wave motor: Elvin E. Townsend and E.
K. Shelby. Watsonville. towel moistening
machine for barbers' use; Henry Vogeler.
Newcastle, artificial comb foundation.
THROWN FROM A BUGGY
AND LOSES HER LIFE
Fatal Accident Occurs to the Wife of
Deputy Assessor Irish of
Placerville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, April 17.— Mrs. C. F.
Irish, wife of Deputy Assessor C F. Irish,
lost her life as the result of an accident
which occurred near Georgetown Sunday
night. Mr. and Mrs. Irish were driving to
their home, and while crossing the bridge
about a half-mile from the house their
horse, which was young and skittish, sud
denly swerved to one side, going off the
bridge. Mr. and Mrs. Irish were both
thrown from the buggy and Mrs. Irish
was thrown head first into a pile of rocks,
being rendered unconscious. Mr. Irish
was badly cut and bruised about the
head and sustained a deep scalp wound,
but he did not itrike hard enough to ren
der him unconscious.
When Mrs. Irish was examined It was
found that her left arm was bruised and
broken In two different places, one side of
her skull was laid bare from a wide gash
and she was completely paralyzed. She
never regained consciousness and died at
9 o'clock this morning.
Mrs. Irish was. prior to her marriage,
one of the best known and most successful
teachers ln the public schools of this
county.
WORK OF SAFE CRACKERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO, April 17.— The fire-proof safe
in the saloon of Henry Vogelman, on
Front street, was blown open some time
Sunday night and about $240 stolen.
The safe-cracker gained entrance- Into
the building through the ventilator in the
cellar. Access into the saloon from the
cellar was easy, as the door opens upward
and was not fastened. A hole three
eights of an inch ln size was bored
through the safe door near the lock, and
powder Inserted and exploded, which blew
the door open. Some of the tools used
were taken from a blacksmith shop ln
town and were left behind. The burglar
also took the content", of the cash regis
ter, securing about $8 or $9. The officers
are working on a clow but no arrests
have been made at this hour.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY. April 17.— Professor Emer
son will speak to-morrow afternoon at
3:45 o'clock ln the Mechanics' building on
"Fruits of the German Excavation of
Olympla." Thursday afternoon, at the
same hour, he will give a • lecture on
"Later Athenian Sculpture and Statu
ary." In the evening at 8 o'clock, at
Hearst Hall, Mr. Emerson will give the
last of his lectures on "Greek Vases."
Friday evening «at 8 o'clock, in the Acad
emy of Sciences building, San Francisco,
he will lecture on "Temple and Other
Sculptures of Delphi."
H. Bingham Jr. will give the last of his
series of lectures next Saturday night at
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. His sub
ject will be "The Struggle for Annexa
tion; Hawaii of To-day."
"Life at Oxford" will be described by
Professor Gayley in the Y. M. C. A. build
ing, San Francisco, next Friday evening.
It will be for the benefit of the School of
Athens fund.
Earle.. R. Hedrick of the American col
ony at the University of Gottingen, in
Germany, has written to President
Wheeler, asking him for the name of any
students of the University of California
who intend to reside in Germany during
the coming summer. Every assistance
possible will be rendered the students.
. The students have been invited to com
pete for the annual Justin Wlnson prize
of $100, offered by the American Histori
cal Association. The best prepared mon
ographic work based upon original inves
tigation will be published and awarded
the prize.
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 17.—
President Jordan delivered a lecture to
night on "The. Passion Play at Ober
ammergau."
The intercollegiate debate will be held
ln Metropolitan Temple, San Francisco,
on the evening of May 5.
A meeting of the Associated Students
will be held on Thursday for the purpose
of nominating officers for the ensuing
year.
A new fraternity among tho geology
men has Just been organized at Stanford
under the name "Sigma Gamma." It is
likely that chapters will also be organized
in the corresponding departments of other
universities. •: ..
The Phi Delta Theta fraternity baseball
team defeated the faculty on Friday at
baseball by- a score of 19 to 8.
Stanford s representatives Jn the inter
collegiate tennis matches will be: Hardy
'02, Weihe '03, and Roth '03 alternate. The
contest will be held on the California Club
courts next Saturday morning.
Charles F. Lummls of Los Angeles, edi
tor of the Land of Sunshine, is visiting
the University.
The department of English has been
strengthened by the appointment of Miss
Alice Hanson Luce. Wellesley '83, and
Frederic Huntington Bartlett, Harvard
'94.
The junior class cleared $509 01 by it»
farce and dance given on class day.
The faculty dramatic club will present
an original farce by Professor W. H. Hud
son, entitled "The Red Vampire," ln tho
assembly hall on the evening of April 27.
POPULISTS ARE READY
TO HOLD A CONVENTION
Committee Appointed to Formulate a
Call— Session to Be Held in This
City on May 1.
There was a large and enthusiastic
meeting of Populists in the assembly
room of the Parrott building last even
ing. It was called at the request of Mr.
Osborne, a national commltteeman, who
was sent out by the leaders of the move
ment to secure delegates from this State
to the convention which will meet ln Cin
cinnati. Horace W. Phllbrook presided
and George A. Clough acted as secretary.
It was unanimously decided to call a
State convention for the Ist day of May,
and as there was a lack of time to hold
primaries or county conventions It was
agreed that the delegates who composed
the convention which met in Sacramento
in IS9S should be called into session again
in the Turk-street Temple on May 1.
A striking feature of last night s meet
ing was the presence of a large number ot
delegates who supported fusion and Ma
guire in IS9B and who are coming out for
united action this year.
A committee consisting of John A. Mil
ler, Jame« Taylor Rogers, H. A. Phll
brook. George W. Montelth. T. H. Porter,
Henry C. Greer, G. 11. Hubbell, J. K.
Phillips, C. D. Rodgera and John A.
Prosek was appointed to issue the address
and to formulate a call for the conven
tion.
Bun said the man had attempted suicide,
but -this was -vigorously denied by Lee
Won to the members of tha Lee family,
to which he belongs, after he was re
mdved from the place. H« declared that
after he had been captured he was beaten
and then a knife was drawn across his
throat. The Lee family immediately
raised $200 to prosecute his assailant*, but
after some dickering with the friends of
the latter they agreed that if the man
should survive his injuries he would be
compensated liberally and only ln case
of death should the aid of American law
be Invoked.
The Chinese who wielded the weapon
claims that he did not intend Co kill Lee
Won, but simply desired to mark him for
life. He says his victim suddenly lunged
forward and the blade penetrated farther
than he had desired.
Several nights ago Jue Pon, another out
law from the faction, having ln charge
the shipment of Chinese to Alaska, was
captured and placed in a basement on
Washington street. He was later found
by the officers with hia throat cut. Owing
to the fact that he is a member of the
family that hires the men and who did
the cutting no retribution for his horrible
injuries has been asked.
A TERRIBLE Instance of Chinese
brutality and lawlessness was re
lated to the police in Chinatown
for Investigation last night. Ac
cording to the verified report made to the
officers, the Mongolians have been taking
the law Into their own hands and punish
ing offenders by brutal methods, extend
ing even to attempted murder. Two Ce
lestials who were paid advance money to
join the exodus of fishermen to Alaska
and who squandered the coin over the
fan tan table and then hid until after the
steamers had sailed were captured by
their countrymen and, it is claimed, con
fined in an improvised prison, brutally
beaten and their throats slashed with
razors.
Fifty other Chinese, who also failed to
keep their engagements to their employ
ers, have had rewards placed on their
heads, and circulars announcing this have
been posted in the principal thoroughfares
of the Chinese district. •
About three weeks ago Lee Won was
found in the rooms of Jue Bun, Chinese
agent for the Alaska Commercial Com
pany at 711 Commercial street, with a
large gash ln his throat. Friends of Jue
SEXTON ROSENER IS
SUMMONED BY DEATH
SAMUEL. ROSENER, for more than
ten years sexton of Temple Emanu-
El, dfed suddenly yesterday at his
home, 1611 Bush street. He was ill
less than half an hour. When he started
downtown early In the morning he was
apparently in perfect health. : He met
some friends about noontime and com
plained that he was suffering from a se
vere pain in his side, which had come on
rather suddenly and which was giving
him much uneasiness.
He was advised to hasten home and
take a rest. He arrived at his residence
a little after noon and a physician was
summoned. Before the doctors arrived
Rosenor applied a mustard plaster over
the region of his heart, where the pain
seemed most intense.
Complaining to his wife that the plaster
was too strong, he groaned and expired.
Deceased was a native of Germany, 61
years of age. He leaves a widow, four
grown daughters and two grown sons.
He was of a cheery disposition, popu
lar with all who knew him and was held
in high esteem by the congregation of
Temple Emanu-El.
HEATHENS USE THE
KNIFE ON DEBTORS
FORSOOK RANKS
DF CONFIRMED
BACHELORDOM
John F. Ward Announces
His Marriage After
Ten Months.
Bride Is Miss Eva Finn, Daughter of
a Wealthy Easterner Who Re
cently Made California
His Home.
ALAMEDA, April 17.— Not until bride
and groom called upon her on Sunday last
to pay their respects did Mrs. Colonel J.
J. Tobin know that her brother. John F.
Ward, had become a benedict. Neither
did any of the many friends of Mr. Ward
flream that he had forsaken single bless
edness for matrimony. Mrs. Colonel
Tobin was taken quite aback herself by
the tardy announcement, and before her
recovery from the shock had confided the
interesting: information to a select few.
That is how the news got out.
To a bachelor's life Mr. Ward's friends
thought he was unalterably wedded.
Nearly 40 when he was a resident of Ala
meda they thought he had passed the
marrying age. No wonder, then, there
will be surprise when for the first time
public announcement is made that in June
last, in San Francisco, Mr. Ward married
Miss Eva Finn, daughter of an Eastern
capitalist who recently came to California
with his family to reside. Mrs. Ward is
handsome and accomplished.
Formerly Mr. Ward was enpraged ln the
real estate business In Alameda and later
was cashier of the now retired Encinal
Bank. At present he is identified with the
Hibernia Bank.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 18, 1900.
FAIR DOMESTIC
WOULD A-WOOING
GO, BUT FAILED
A Pleasanton Farmer Ac
cordingly Sued by Miss
Bade.
Judge Ellsworth. Called Upon to Act
as Referee in a Peculiar Case,
Fails to Give Satis
faction.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, April 17.
M'.ss Adeline Bade would a-wootng go.
whether Sievens ¦wanted or no. and her
desire not to pr«i;r«"=.s far beyond middle
JU;e in a Ftate of single blessedness led to
lfgal complications, rendering necessary'
the service of Judge Ellsworth as referee.
Charie« L. Stevens is a white-haired
widower, er.jraEed In farming near Pleas
onton. and Miss Hade is a domestic who
h:is a hatrhot <-harpened for him.
Juriße ESllsworth'a court was the scene
of the trial of a suit to-day in which the
lady in auction claimed that Stevens
should be ordered to pay her two years'
•waees for acting as his housekeeper. In
her opinion S3O a month would be a rea
t-'nable oatnpecsmtioti for her services.
In the complaint there was no mention
of a proposed marriage, but Stevens so
testified and caused Miss Hade a deal of
embarrassment. He said the lady came
to his farm because she was too ill to do
regular work and that he gave her a home
¦until she was well. After a time, so
Stevens alleged, Cupid supported to Miss
Hade that it would be better all around if
they entered Into other relations than
those of employer and housekeeper, and
she proposed that they become riusband
and wife. Stevens saw things not in that
Ji^ht. so she left the place and sued for
iwo years' wapes.
JuciVre Ellsworth strimgrled mightily with
the problem and finally decided to allow
the plaintiff ?'y.. without costs.
(~vj>r)^ In the Goldfields, a
T^~\*v\ Winchester Repeating Rifle
jL * s a S™* k w ln Itse^« I* protect you and j
Ammunition
A' wavs reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
f^^i^*M^< address on a postal card for 160-page Illustrated
j&fed TfB^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
"^^^^LL^r* 418 flarket Street. San Francisco, GaL
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan atreets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, call Ins; at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honxkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
BS. NIPPON MARU ?.,..
Wednesday. April 23th. 13C0
ES. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. May 13th. 1900
ES. HONOKONO MARU
• .....Thursday. June 14th. UOO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and paaaage apply at company's office,
4XI Market at., earner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COXPA9SIS 6EXIEALE TBANSATLaXTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Kalllnir every Thursday instead of <£a£>**
Saturday, (ram November 2. 139». at ¦ r»J-10r »J-
10 a. m.. from Pier «. North River, foot of
Morton «t., LA GASCOONE. April U; LA TOU-
RAINE. April W: LA BRETAGNE. May *: LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10. First cla»9 to Havre,
{CO and upward; S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second claaa to Havre. 145: 5 per cent re-
duction en round trip. OENERAL AOEXCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, tl
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Const Ageata. 5 Mont.
gomery avenu*. Saa Franclaco. .
THE BEST LAXATIVE.
A Pure Natural Aperient Water,
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS,
and therefore free from all the offensive smell often
found in Aperient Waters. .
RELIEVES DISORDERED STOMACH, CURES CONSTIPATION.
The ONLY Aperient Water bottled at the Hunyadi Springs,
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, Sole Prop., Bud apest, Hungary.
9
SAMUEL ROSENER.COFFEE ARGUMENT.
New Evidence of the Effect.
A South Dakota man, W. A. Dawley,
Sturgis, explains the condition si me
men get into from coffee drinking. Let
it be understood that coffee seems to
agree with some people well enough,
but \\ la p a person finds it does not
agree it is better to leave it off. He
says: '"I used coffee about twenty
years, and quit it September 30, 1898.
1 had become almost a complete wreck,
thin in rich and emaciated, dyspepsia
and indigestion of the worst orden
nerves shattered, no appetite, slept very
little, and my blood was so thin that the
slightest breeze chilled me through.
'"Medicines gave no relief. I had
about given up when I finally concluded
to investigate and see if it was really
true, as I had read in a number of your
statements, that coffee acted like a poi-
son to some people. It was an easy
matter to leave off coffee when I took
Postum Food Coffee, for the food cof-
fee taste! as good as the other, and, to
my' surprise, it set good on my weak
stomach.
"I have been buying the Postum
through my grocer." Mr. James Meyer,
and always have followed directions
carefully. I Irked it from the first and
have drank Postum three times a day
ever fince. Have pained twenty pounds
in weight, my appetite is better than
ever before, my sleep perfect, dyspepsia
is a thins; of the past, and my nerves are
what they should be. I can vouch for
the statement that Postum Food Coffee
'makes red blood' and plenty of it. My
son, Amos Dawley of this city, has been
completely cured of dyspepsia in three
months by quinine coffee and using
Postum Food Coffee This is given
you as an honest testimonial of the
priceless value of your (tS* me) life-
saving food drink. You are welcome to
use my name if you want" Respect-
fully. ' ':•'¦ <;/^jL
POSTUM CEREAL.
AMERICAN LINE.
VXV YO2X. 803T2AXPTOK. LONDO.t, PAX23L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork April IS New Tork May >
St. Paul April 23 St. Paul May H
St. Louis May 2 St. Louis.. May 23
RED STAR LINE.
New YerK aqd Antwerg.
From New York •very Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Apiil'isl Friesland May 9
Kensington April 25 Southwark May It
Noordlaad May 2| Westcrniand ....May 23
EMPIRE LIME.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May IS and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent callings June 30. July 31. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
Far full Information regarding- freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Zi Montgomery St.. or any ot Its agents.
Emil Nusbaumer Convalescing.
OAKLAND April 17. — Emil Xuk
baumer, the attorney, has recovered from
his recent Illness sufficient to be out to
dny.
Internal Revenue Appointments.
Levi S. Bixby.of Oakland has been re
instated as storekeeper gauger by order
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Mr.
Bixby was a storekeeper ln the revenue
service from IS9I to 1833, and Is reinstated
under the provision of the civil service
law extending the privilege to veterans
of the Civil War. He served in the Mas
sachusetts troops from ISG2-65.
Wlnfleld Scott of Kern, Cal., has been
appointed Deputy Collector, and Assigned
to office duty ln San Francisco. Mr. Scott
was formerly Assessor of Kern County.
DR. STIMPSON'S SON
HURT WHILE WHEELING
OAKLAND. April 17.-While bicycling
on San Pablo avenue, near Seventeenth
street, this afternoon Earl Stlmpson, 13
years old. son of O. W. Stimpson, was
run down by a team, or another wheel
man, and so badly injured that he Is In
grave danger of death. The boy's skull
was fractured and he sustained a severe
concussion of the brain. The lad man
aged to reach his home ln a half con
scious condition. He was unable to say
more than that he had been in a collision.
He resides at 698 Twenty-fourth street,
only a few blocks from the scene of tho
accident. The parents called Dr. Robert
T. Stratton, who performed an operation
on the skull, but pronounced the Injury
to be very serious.
This evening the police were notified of
the accident and detectives were detailed
to search for the now unknown person
who ran Into the boy. The accident oc
curred at the crossing of San Pablo ave
nue and Seventeenth street, and it Ist sup
posed the collision was caused by some
team or wheel that was running across
young Stlmpson's path. The boy's father
is a well-known veterinary surgeon.
FATAL RESULT OF
OPERATION FOR
APPENDICITIS
Miss Annie Herrick Suc
• ciimbs to Sudden Attack
of the Disease.
Surgeons Unable to Relieve a Promi
nent Young Society Belle Who
Was 111 Only Ten
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. April 17.
Miss Annie Miller Herrick. daughter of
Mr. and Mri. W. F. Herrick and a niece
of the late Albert Miller, died thia morn-
Ing at 2 o'clock at her heme, 1302 Twelfth
street. Appendicitis was the cause of
death.
Miss Herrlck had been seriously ill for
ten days, an operation having been per
formed a few days ago In the hope of sav
ing her life, but the patient could not
rally from the shock. The young lady
was twenty-flve years old. a native of San
Francisco. She was an accomplished mu
sician, handling the violin with superior
ability. Of the family connections, her
father is in Charge of the safe deposit de
partment of the Oakland Bank of Savlnps.
She was a sister to Mrs. Colin Ross. Mrs.
Joslah Stanford. Miss Bertha Herrick.
Mrs. Mark L. Requa. Miss Lucy Herrick
and Miss Margaret Herrick. Her brother.
William A. Herrick. was killed by Fred
ericks, the robber, at his desk ln the
branch of the San Francisco Savings Un
ion several years ago in San Francisco.
The funeral will probably take place on
Thursday. Owing to the death the Re
quas have canceled present social engage
ments.
Knights of Tara.
The well-known Hibernian association.
Knights of Tara, will picnic on Sunday
next ln Sunset Park. The committee In
charge mis secured a number of gate
prizes and also many prizes to be given to
those who will take part ln the games and
races to be started on the grounds.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.'*
MON., Tue«.. Wed.. Thura. ana Sat. »t >:4S
a. m.; 1:15, B:*> P. to. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days, 1 P. nv and 8:30: Sundays. 10:20 a. m., 9
?m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
ler No. 2. Telephone Mala 1308.
FARE Mo
[JRifisZaila. •*"• T '» Honolulu and
•It 8^""" Auckland for Sydney
a™^ ' Wednesday. Aprtl U.
Ou/l/A at • ». m.
§KJnsliipJ-^v«£sgs
FaTortte I!fl« aroond tbe world via Hawaii.
Eamoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sue*.
England, etc; {610 first clasi. ' ..
;. b. ftrrtECKCLS & buns. CO., Aqti.. 114 Montaomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Mark« St
THE 0. R. & H. GO.
IDISPATCH FAST BTEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp»ar-street "" v harf at 10 a. m.
CADE i! 2 First Class Including Berth
InnC $8 Second Class and ileaJa.
COLUMBIA sails April 8
Short Line to "Walla Walla. Spokane, flutte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 630 Market St.
t GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. .
Superintendents.
ROYAL ARCH MASONS.
Session of the Grand Chapter — Offi
cers Elected for Ensuing Term.
There were present about two hundred
and fifty representatives yesterday m6rn
lng at the opening of the Grand Chapter
of the Royal Arch Masons at the annual
session in the Masonic Temple. The re
port of the officers showed a very satis
factory state of afTairs during the paat
year The afternoon was taken up in the
exemplification of the work. To-day there
will be another session when matters of
Importance to this branch of the Masonic
order will bo discussed.
The following named were elected as
officers of the chapter for- the ensuing
term: Edward R. Hedges of Stockton,
high priest: S. H. Wagener of San Jose, 1
deputy grand high priest; Lewis Casa
of Orovllle, grand king:
Charles F. Lott of Oroville, grand scribe;
Franklin H. Day. grand treasurer; Will
lam A. Davies, grand secretary.
Drisdom Recaptured.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WILLOWS, April 17.— Constable Kln
kade to-day arrested Roy Drisdom, alias
Elmer Le Roy, a, colored youth about 19
years of age, who escaped from the Pres
ton Reform School a short time ago. The
young man was a barber and had ob
tained, employment in a local shop. He
will be taken back to the school to-mor
row. . - -
Set Fire to Her Head.
Special Dlppatch to The Call
HOLLISTER, April 17.— At noon yester
day Mrs. J. F. Taylor, aged forty-seven
years'* poured the contents of a kerosene
lamp on her head and set fire thereto. Her
shrieks brought her husband to her aid,
but she was fatally burnod, the eyes leav
ing the sockets and the teeth falling out.
Death ensued four hours latdr. Deceased
was temporarily insane.
UNKNOWN MAN FOUND
FLOATING IN THE BAY
The body of an unknown man was found
yesterday morning floating in the bay
near Section 3of the sea wall. The corpse
had been so long in the water that the
features were unrecognizable, lne hair
was let black and the body was six feet
tall • A brown soft h^t was tucked under
the 'vest. The clothes were of black diag
onal and the footwear was black laced
shoes. Two penknives, a very smaH clay
pipe the bowl in the shape of a woman's
shoe and business cards of the Brooklyn
Hotel and New Atlantic Hotel and the
Fearless saloon. No. 71 Third street, were
found In the pocket.
On the back of the saloon card was writy,
ten a note in pencil requesting the bearer
to call at Fifth and Mission, street gro
cery and milk depot— that a man wanted a
situation to work on a milk ranch, and
was signed "L. Sander" or "L. Sauder. 1
The body was taken to the Morgue.
OCEAN TBAVZTj.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ ¦ wharf, San Franclaco:
Vffltfw^ For Alaskan rort» — 10 a. m.,
K^^»» April 18. 21. 2s; May 1. Chan*«
IC^J^SJU!^ to company 1 * steamers at fle-
fcmfiSiiVnq * For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
RsSJCz^iKVAI C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^%Sffljliiai Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New "VVhatrom (W.iah.) —
¦¦^""•^ 10 a. m., April 16, «. M: May
1 and every fifth day thereafter; change at Se-
attle to this company" s steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
C0 For r Eu°reka. Humboldt Bay -W »•«>•. Aprtl
14. 19. 24. 29; May 4 and'every fifth day ther*-
For" Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucc*. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). °»£ot»-
Fanta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, SanPedro
East San Pedro <Lo« Angeles) and Newport— »
a. m.. April 13. 17. 21. 25, 29: May 4 and every
fourth day thereafter* tt»^««i
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)--U a. m..
April 15. 19. 23, 27: May 1 and every fourth day
For*Eru<enarta, MagiJalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m., 7th of «*ch
For 'further Information obtain company's
The" company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without rrpvloua notice, ,
TICKET OFFTCK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' - „
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Congressman Metcalf in Town.
OAKLAND. April 17.— Congressman
Victor H. Metcalf arrived this evening
from Washington, poir.g immediately to
the bedside of his pick daughter Corinne,
at the residence of Mrs. E. B. Nicholson,
the child's grandmother, at 1321 Linden
Ftref-t. Late to-night the condition of the
patient was unchanged, being very crit
ical.
Marsden Manson Lectures on Russia.
An interesting lecture on Russia" was
delivered last nirht by Mnrsden Manson,
Commissioner of Public Works, at the
Young Women's Christian Association.
1259 \. i arrell street. The lecture was il
lustrated with a series of stereopticon
views which had been taken by Mr. Man
son during his attendance at a recent in
ternational congress of geologists In St.
Petersburg. He spoke entertainingly of
his travels and showed among others the
following pictures: The rivers Neva and
Volga, the naval station at Kronstadt,
Academy of Fine Arts in St. Petersburg,
the steppes of Russia, Great Trans-Sibe
rian Railway and Moscow. Before the
lecture a piano duet was rendered by Miss
A. Grass and Miss M. Webb and a man
dolin solo by Miss Lois Wheaton.
ATHLETIC EVENTS AT
MAY DAY BENEFIT
Arrangements for the May day benefit
for the San Francisco Public School
Teachers' Annuity Society, to be held at
Glen Park, are rapidly approaching com
gletion, and an enjoyable day is promised
y the promoters of the project. A num
ber of athletic events have been arranged
to take place in the afternoon. Only two
pupils from each school may enter the
races, with the exception of the 100-yard
hill- climbing race for boys of the eighth
and ninth grades, when four pupils may
contest.
The colors adopted for the day are those
of the two universities, blue, gold and red.
For the sake of harmony all badges and
exterior decorations of booths will have
those colors. Headquarters will be es
tablished near the theater.
Committees and schools are working
zealously in the cause, and the member
ship has passed the 500 mark. Schools not
managing booths can assist greatly by so
liciting supplies, orders for which can be
forwarded to T. H. McCarthy, care of Su
perintendent of School's office, City Hall.
Teachers must collect cash and unsold
tickets not later than Friday. April 27,
and no commissions are to be paid to pu
pils for selling tickets after that date.
ANNIE NUNES' DEATH
PURELY ACCIDENTAL
OAKLAND, April 17.— A verdict of acci
dental death was rendered to-day in the
inquest held upon the case of Annie
Nunrs, who was killed yesterday by the
discharge of a shotgun her eight-year-old
brother was carrying. Joseph Nunes, tho
father, testified that the boy had fre
quently carried the weapon to and from
the house. George Nur.es. the lad who
had the »run. told a straightforward story
of tho sad affair. He mild his sister was
rtanding by a kitchen table when he en
t«rr«-d the house with the pun under his
arm. The hammer of one barrel was at
half cock, and as he' passed Into the
kitchen it eatitrht in some way he could
rot explain. The grirl was a few feet from
the muzzle ar.d the charge tore away the
right Bide of her head. The jury made no
comment in its verdict.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
She Wants a Divorce.
OAKLAND. April 17.— Mrs. Mary Ajrnew
has brought suit for divorce against her
husband, Thomas Agnew Jr.. on the
ground of willful neglect. Agnew was
formerly In the Insurance business In this
city, but got into trouble with the com
pany he represented and the matter waa
settled only after considerable litigation.
Martin GilleRt Expires.
Martin Gillett, one of the earliest set
tlers in this State and once a prominent
business man, expired yesterday morning.
He was 82 years old and death was the
result of old age. Gillett was well known
in this city, and during the past few
years of his life was particularly popular
along the water front.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
A RECEIVING TELLER
William Cunningham of the Bank of
California Passes Away After
a Brief Illness.
William Cunningham, receiving teller of
the Bank of California and one of the
best-known yachtsmen in the State,
passed away yesterday after a short Ill
ness. His taking off has been a severe
blow to his relatives and friends. He was
B son of the late Commodore R. B. Cun
ningham, U. S. N.'v and brother of Mrs.
M. E. Steele and Mrs. J. W. C. Maxwell.
Deceased came to California in ISSS, and
during his residence In this State was con
nected at different times with Thomas H,
Belby, Wells. Fargo & Co.. the San Fran
cisco Bank. Haywards Bank, Safe De
posit Company, and at the time of his
death was with the Bank of California.
He was a member of the leading yacht
clubs and was considered an expert Bailor.
He was a native of Washington, D. C.
Funeral of Albert Miller.
OAKLAND, April 17.— The funeral of tho
late Albert Miller will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 1:30 o'clock from the family
residence. Fourteenth and Union utreet.".
The Interment will be in Mountain View
Cemetery. Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor
of the First Congregational Church, will
officiate. The services will be of a very
simple character.
DESCENDANT OF KING
LILOA PASSES AWAY
Death of Robert Hoapili Baker, a
Warm Friend of the Late
Kalakaua.
HONOLULU, April 10.— Robert Hoapill
Kekaipukaala Baker of the royal family
of Llloa of Hawaii died on the 4th Inst.
and was burled yesterday.'
Robert Hoapill Baker, or, as he was
best known in his lifetime, Hoapili
Baker, was a descendant in the sixth de
gree of Liloa, King of Hawaii. His great
grandfather was Napuupahoehoe, high
chief of Maul, at about the time of the
discovery of the Islands by Captain Cook.
His father was Kekeleelku of Maul, and
Hoapill was born at Waikapu, Maui, in
IMS. He was educated at Lahainaluna.
Early in life he developed strong military
tastes and he was for many years an of
ficer in the household troops, for a time
a captain and later a colonel. He was a
warm personal friend of King Kalakaua,
and the King made him Governor of Maui,
a position he held for many years. In
the later years of his life he was not
actively engaged in business. He owned
considerable property and lived a retired
life of leisure.
Hoapili Baker accompanied Kalakaua
to San Francisco in 1890, and was with
him when he died, accompanying the re
mains back to Honolulu.
THREE FIGHTS SCHEDULED.
Fitzsimmons and Dunkhorst to Com
bat on April 30.
NEW YORK, April 17.— The decision of
the Police Commissioners to stop prize
fighting after May 1 probably will have
the effeqt of crowding all fights into the
next dozen days.
McGovern and Tommy Warren, the for
mer featherweight champion, who has
been in retirement for several years, will
fight twenty-five rounds at the Broadway
Athletic Club on Friday night.
Bob Fitzsimmons, Ed Dunkhorst and
the Hercules Athletic Club will post $500
each this week to guarantee the match
between the first-mentioned two, which
will be decided at the Hercules Club
house April 30.
Dal Hawkins, the California light
weight, and Jack Daly of Wilmington,
Del., will fight at the Hercules Athletic
Club next Monday night.
Must Go to Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 17.— James Watson,
convicted of assault with intent to com
mit murder, was sentenced by Judge
Smith to five years' Imprisonment In San
Quentin. Watson sought to kill Manuel
Garcia in a saloon in Watsonville on Feb
ruary 4. He fired three shots at Garcia,
one taking effect in his arm.
% •
Death of a Pioneer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, April 17.— John C. Smith, one
of the first settlers in this city, died at his
residence this morning. S . The deoeased
came to California in tho early days with
a party of gold seekers and for a number
of years lived in Tuolumne County, after
ward removing to Merced. Mr. Smith was
a native of Ohio and 73 years of age.
Judge Gordon Will Resign.
SEATTLE, April V -Governor John R.
Rogers to-day admitted that Judge Gor
don of the State Supreme bench was
about to resign, having wearied of the
arduous duties of the office and that the
executive would appoint in his place the
Hon. W. H. White of Seattle.
PACIFIC INTERCOLLEGIATE
BOATING ASSOCIATION
BERKELEY, April 17.— The boating as
sociation of the University of California,
¦with the assistance of the State univer
ldtl«fl of Washington and Oregon, is con
templating the organisation of a Pacific
Coast Intercollepiate Uoating Association.
.Assurances have been received from both
institutions that crews will be organized.
The University of Washington has built a
boathouse and will soon have several
boats.
The crew of the University of California
¦tviii i:i all probability secure a coach. A
Harvard man is spoken of to coach it dur
ir.R- tr.e mming reason. It will enter the
Pacific Coast Association's regatta on
April 2>». Arrangements ar<? under way for
a benefit regatta, to be held in the Ala
xneda estuary next fall.
W. G. Henshaw Goes East.
OAKLAND. April 17.— W. G. Henshaw.
president of the Union Savings Bank and
one of the promoters of the new electric
railway to Point Richmond, left on a sud
den business trip to New York to-day.
GRAND LODGE KNIGHTS
AND LADIES OF HONOR
Showing Made by Reports of Grand
Officers — Rulers for Next Year
to Be Elected To-Day.
The first session of the Grand Lodge of
the Knights and Ladles of Honor of the
jurisdiction of California was held yester
day in Pythian Castle. Grand Protector
Z. T. Whitten presided and there were
present all the grand officers and dele
gates from the several lodges.
The sessions ln the forenoon and after
noon were taken up ln reading and con
sidering the reports of the grand officers.
That of the grand protector showed that
notwithstanding the increase of assess
ments at the session of the Supreme
Lodge last October the order is in better
condition than at any previous period in
its history. During the year Equity-
Lodge of Sacramento consolidated, with
Harmony Lodge of that city. A ¦ new
lodge is being organized at Watsonville.
The report of the grand secretary show
ed that there had been seventeen deaths,
the beneficiaries receiving $30,000. There
are now 7&9 members in good standing, a
loss of seventeen by death and of fifty
seven who withdrew on account of the
increased rates of assessment. The Grand
Lodge receved $1385 during the year and
disbursed $919.
The first order of business this morn
ing will be the election of officers. New
opposition "has developed against the
grand protector and A. H. Anderson,, the
vice protector, who wants to advance to
first place. These are Dr. C. C. O'Donnell,
James P. Dockery and J. A. Colquhoun.
For grand secretary Mrs. Antoinette Graff
will oe a candidate against H. W. Qult
zow, ,the incumbent.
WILLING TO SELL
RECREATION PARK
At the regular meeting of the directors
of the Mechanics' Institute last nlyht the
recommendation of Messrs. P. J. Healy,
G. H. Wallis and R. J. Tausslg that the
Folsom-street property be sold was adopt
ed by the board. Real estate men compe
tent to judge appraise the property, now
known as Recreation Park, at $125,000, and
the board is willing to let It go at that fig
ure. It was stated last night that the
property cost 197 ,000 a few years ago but
has since cost the institute nearly $100,000
more. It brings in practically no income.
The institute, on the other hand. Is pay
ing interest on a mortgage of $400,000 on
the pavilion, and wants to be rid of some
of Its burdens.
It was decided to replace the office of
the librarian on the main floor where it
was formerly. Hereafter all books of ref
erence are to be plainly marked "Refer
ence" on the back, po as to avoid confu
sion. The directors are making an effort
to restore the library business to its for
mer basis.
SERIOUS ACCUSATION
AGAINST A BROTHER
OAKLAND. April I?.— Alpheus Kendal.
president Ot the- Pacific Coast Lumber and
MiMing Company, made a serious accusa
tion against his brother, Noah, ln Jud^e
Jirill's court to-day, alleging: that he had
stolen certain pperifieatlons for a building
ami that tbeee specification* had beon re
turn" d thf '1.-iy after his brothtr had been
accused r,f the theft.
The cue on trlaJ was that of W. W.
Anderson apainst Alpheus Kendal for the
recovery of J^' claimed to be due for ex
tra crork on a house erected for the «<?
• fondant. Kendal stated that while his
brother is vice president of the same firm
of which he h:m<t>!f is president, Noan
if .I<alous because he has not so good a
hous<- as the defendant and stole the
f;>--« :>;i:i<-ns in urder to assist Anderson
Jn the I'iTurt to win his ca.«e. Noah Ken
dal will probably l>e called as a witness
by the plaintiff.
SHIRT ESTABLISHED
SUICIDE'S IDENTITY
Dead Man Discovered to Be Frank
Merwin by the Man Who Gave
Him Article of Apparel.
The mystery which surrounded the man
who was found dead in the lodging house
at 317 Third street last Thursday has
been cleared Up. He was yesterday posi
tively identified as Frank Merwln and the
police and Morgue officials are satisfied.
Detectives AVrenn and Dinan, who were
detailed on the case, succeeded in tracing
his identity by means of the shirt, upon
which deceased had written a facetious
note shortly before he ended his life. Hart
Bouton, superintendent of the La Grand
and White laundries, settled all doubts
yesterday by stating that he knew de
ceased well and had given him the shirt
marked "1001." which was on the body.
¦ According to his statement Merwin was
a cook and had signed to act in that ca
pacity on the bark Felton, which was to
sail for Seattle and Nome the day follow
ing his tragic death.
Morgue Surgeon Leland reported to Cor
oner Cole that he had been unable to find
any lesion of the organs that would ac
count for the death of the man. He said
he found some rigidity of the heart, as
though there might have been paralysis of
that organ, but he did not think that the
indications were sufficient to be taken as
the cause of death. City Chemist Charles
L. Morgan, who analyzed the stomach, re
ported that he had failed to find any
traces of poison. He was of the opinion
that if the suicide had taken phosphorus
and strychnine pills traces of the poison
would be found.
FITZGERALD IS ON
TRIAL FOR HIS LIFE
Damaging Testimony Is Given by
George O'Malley, Who Was
Employed by Lennon.
Frwcial DisiiuUc-h to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. April 17.— A jury was
secured this morning in the Fitzgerald
murder case and the taking of testimony
commenced this afternoon. The first wit
ness called for the prosecution was Coun
ty Surveyor W. B. Gilbert, who identified
and explained a plan of the dwelling
where the homicide occurred.
Sheriff J. H. Mansfield testified as to
certain photographs taken at the same
place about a week after the shooting.
Dr. J. L. Ross, who held an autopsy
upon the body of John Lennon on last
Christmas day. testified as to the cause
of death. Apart from the wound that
caused death he found Lennon to be a
strong, muscular and healthy man about
Fix feet tall and weighing about ISO
pounds. He was not allowed to give his
opinion as to the position of the body
when the wound was received.
George O'Malley was called and testified
that on December 24 last and prior thereto
he had been driving a team of Lennon'a
and living at the latter's house; that Fitz
gerald had also been living there for
some time; that witness arrived at the
place on Christmas eve about 7:30 o'clock,
having returned from a visit to Colma.
and found Lennon lying dead on the floor.
In the dining-room behind the door on the
floor he found an old Springfield rifle
which he identified as the property of
Fitzgerald. He also testified that early in
the morning of the 24th of December he
drove with Fitzgerald from Lennon's
place to Colma to catch the train for San
Francisco. On this trip Fitzgerald said
to witness: "I could put a bullet through
that (referring to Lennon) and noth
ing would be done to me." The examina
tion of the witness was incomplete when
court adjourned and will be resumed to
morrow morning.
•
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST
National Capital Doings That Affect
Western States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 17.-Scnntor Per
kins to-day introduced an amendment in
tended to be proposed to the naval ap
propriation bill providing for a chapel at
Mare Island at a cost of $0000.
Senator Perkins has received a tele
gram from Ed Rosenberg, secretary of
Labor Council No. 102 of San Francisco,
saying that several hundred contract la
borers en route to California are held by
officials at Emmerson, Manitoba, pending
a treasury ruling, and the council pro
tests against their importation. Mr. Per
kins to-day called upon Secretary Gage,
who informed him there was no matter
pending before the Treasury Department
concerning laborers held at Emmerson.
Twenty-four laborers had been denied
admission, at Pemberton, and perhaps
they were being held there, pending their
appeal from the decision of the depart
ment. Senator Perkins filed Mr. Rosen
berg's protest with the Secretary of the
Treasury.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
received an application for the organi
zation of the First National Bank of
bumpter, Oregon, capital $25,000. The
applicants are, A. P. Goss, Sump
ter. Or.; John T. English. A. W. Ellis,
Seymour H. Bell anu William Stinson.
Rural free delivery service will be es
tablished on May 1 at Sacramento.
Postmasters appointed: California—
Rockport, Mendocino County, C. C.
Rounds; Springville, Ventura County,
Josephine Henderson.
Patents for Californians — Gilbert L.
Baker. Waterford, snap hook; Charles H.
Bennett, Los Angeles, furnace stove or
fireplace; Ernest E. Burson, Los Angeles,
screened urinal; Maurice A. Delew, as
signor one-half to W. P. Coleman, Sac
ramento, door controller; William R. Dow,
Boulder Creek, gas engine; John C. Dres
sel, Fresno, sheet metal molding and or
namenting machine: Edward D. Eldrldge
and K. M. Smith. Stockton, lamp; James
A. Hall. San Francisco, can for packing
butter; Edgar W. Hutchison, San Fran
cisco, assignor to American Separable
Square Company of California, combined
separable square, try square and bevel:
Frederick D. Jones. Los Angeles, adjusta
ble school desk" ink well holder; Charles
A. Menley, Newhall, expansion reamer;
Charles W. Merrill, Alameda, means for
charging leeching vats; Rudolph Creed,
assignor of two-thirds to H. Trading and
M. Blum. San Francisco, self-cleaning
filter; Dicle E. Sharp. Lo3 Gatos, fruit
coring and stemming implement; Appius
C. Swain, assignor one-half to J. M. Bow
ers, San Francisco, gas generating ap
paratus; Ezekiel F. Taylor, Azusa, rail
way chair; George N. Todd, Los Angeles,
wave motor: Elvin E. Townsend and E.
K. Shelby. Watsonville. towel moistening
machine for barbers' use; Henry Vogeler.
Newcastle, artificial comb foundation.
THROWN FROM A BUGGY
AND LOSES HER LIFE
Fatal Accident Occurs to the Wife of
Deputy Assessor Irish of
Placerville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, April 17.— Mrs. C. F.
Irish, wife of Deputy Assessor C F. Irish,
lost her life as the result of an accident
which occurred near Georgetown Sunday
night. Mr. and Mrs. Irish were driving to
their home, and while crossing the bridge
about a half-mile from the house their
horse, which was young and skittish, sud
denly swerved to one side, going off the
bridge. Mr. and Mrs. Irish were both
thrown from the buggy and Mrs. Irish
was thrown head first into a pile of rocks,
being rendered unconscious. Mr. Irish
was badly cut and bruised about the
head and sustained a deep scalp wound,
but he did not itrike hard enough to ren
der him unconscious.
When Mrs. Irish was examined It was
found that her left arm was bruised and
broken In two different places, one side of
her skull was laid bare from a wide gash
and she was completely paralyzed. She
never regained consciousness and died at
9 o'clock this morning.
Mrs. Irish was. prior to her marriage,
one of the best known and most successful
teachers ln the public schools of this
county.
WORK OF SAFE CRACKERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO, April 17.— The fire-proof safe
in the saloon of Henry Vogelman, on
Front street, was blown open some time
Sunday night and about $240 stolen.
The safe-cracker gained entrance- Into
the building through the ventilator in the
cellar. Access into the saloon from the
cellar was easy, as the door opens upward
and was not fastened. A hole three
eights of an inch ln size was bored
through the safe door near the lock, and
powder Inserted and exploded, which blew
the door open. Some of the tools used
were taken from a blacksmith shop ln
town and were left behind. The burglar
also took the content", of the cash regis
ter, securing about $8 or $9. The officers
are working on a clow but no arrests
have been made at this hour.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY. April 17.— Professor Emer
son will speak to-morrow afternoon at
3:45 o'clock ln the Mechanics' building on
"Fruits of the German Excavation of
Olympla." Thursday afternoon, at the
same hour, he will give a • lecture on
"Later Athenian Sculpture and Statu
ary." In the evening at 8 o'clock, at
Hearst Hall, Mr. Emerson will give the
last of his lectures on "Greek Vases."
Friday evening «at 8 o'clock, in the Acad
emy of Sciences building, San Francisco,
he will lecture on "Temple and Other
Sculptures of Delphi."
H. Bingham Jr. will give the last of his
series of lectures next Saturday night at
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. His sub
ject will be "The Struggle for Annexa
tion; Hawaii of To-day."
"Life at Oxford" will be described by
Professor Gayley in the Y. M. C. A. build
ing, San Francisco, next Friday evening.
It will be for the benefit of the School of
Athens fund.
Earle.. R. Hedrick of the American col
ony at the University of Gottingen, in
Germany, has written to President
Wheeler, asking him for the name of any
students of the University of California
who intend to reside in Germany during
the coming summer. Every assistance
possible will be rendered the students.
. The students have been invited to com
pete for the annual Justin Wlnson prize
of $100, offered by the American Histori
cal Association. The best prepared mon
ographic work based upon original inves
tigation will be published and awarded
the prize.
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 17.—
President Jordan delivered a lecture to
night on "The. Passion Play at Ober
ammergau."
The intercollegiate debate will be held
ln Metropolitan Temple, San Francisco,
on the evening of May 5.
A meeting of the Associated Students
will be held on Thursday for the purpose
of nominating officers for the ensuing
year.
A new fraternity among tho geology
men has Just been organized at Stanford
under the name "Sigma Gamma." It is
likely that chapters will also be organized
in the corresponding departments of other
universities. •: ..
The Phi Delta Theta fraternity baseball
team defeated the faculty on Friday at
baseball by- a score of 19 to 8.
Stanford s representatives Jn the inter
collegiate tennis matches will be: Hardy
'02, Weihe '03, and Roth '03 alternate. The
contest will be held on the California Club
courts next Saturday morning.
Charles F. Lummls of Los Angeles, edi
tor of the Land of Sunshine, is visiting
the University.
The department of English has been
strengthened by the appointment of Miss
Alice Hanson Luce. Wellesley '83, and
Frederic Huntington Bartlett, Harvard
'94.
The junior class cleared $509 01 by it»
farce and dance given on class day.
The faculty dramatic club will present
an original farce by Professor W. H. Hud
son, entitled "The Red Vampire," ln tho
assembly hall on the evening of April 27.
POPULISTS ARE READY
TO HOLD A CONVENTION
Committee Appointed to Formulate a
Call— Session to Be Held in This
City on May 1.
There was a large and enthusiastic
meeting of Populists in the assembly
room of the Parrott building last even
ing. It was called at the request of Mr.
Osborne, a national commltteeman, who
was sent out by the leaders of the move
ment to secure delegates from this State
to the convention which will meet ln Cin
cinnati. Horace W. Phllbrook presided
and George A. Clough acted as secretary.
It was unanimously decided to call a
State convention for the Ist day of May,
and as there was a lack of time to hold
primaries or county conventions It was
agreed that the delegates who composed
the convention which met in Sacramento
in IS9S should be called into session again
in the Turk-street Temple on May 1.
A striking feature of last night s meet
ing was the presence of a large number ot
delegates who supported fusion and Ma
guire in IS9B and who are coming out for
united action this year.
A committee consisting of John A. Mil
ler, Jame« Taylor Rogers, H. A. Phll
brook. George W. Montelth. T. H. Porter,
Henry C. Greer, G. 11. Hubbell, J. K.
Phillips, C. D. Rodgera and John A.
Prosek was appointed to issue the address
and to formulate a call for the conven
tion.
Bun said the man had attempted suicide,
but -this was -vigorously denied by Lee
Won to the members of tha Lee family,
to which he belongs, after he was re
mdved from the place. H« declared that
after he had been captured he was beaten
and then a knife was drawn across his
throat. The Lee family immediately
raised $200 to prosecute his assailant*, but
after some dickering with the friends of
the latter they agreed that if the man
should survive his injuries he would be
compensated liberally and only ln case
of death should the aid of American law
be Invoked.
The Chinese who wielded the weapon
claims that he did not intend Co kill Lee
Won, but simply desired to mark him for
life. He says his victim suddenly lunged
forward and the blade penetrated farther
than he had desired.
Several nights ago Jue Pon, another out
law from the faction, having ln charge
the shipment of Chinese to Alaska, was
captured and placed in a basement on
Washington street. He was later found
by the officers with hia throat cut. Owing
to the fact that he is a member of the
family that hires the men and who did
the cutting no retribution for his horrible
injuries has been asked.
A TERRIBLE Instance of Chinese
brutality and lawlessness was re
lated to the police in Chinatown
for Investigation last night. Ac
cording to the verified report made to the
officers, the Mongolians have been taking
the law Into their own hands and punish
ing offenders by brutal methods, extend
ing even to attempted murder. Two Ce
lestials who were paid advance money to
join the exodus of fishermen to Alaska
and who squandered the coin over the
fan tan table and then hid until after the
steamers had sailed were captured by
their countrymen and, it is claimed, con
fined in an improvised prison, brutally
beaten and their throats slashed with
razors.
Fifty other Chinese, who also failed to
keep their engagements to their employ
ers, have had rewards placed on their
heads, and circulars announcing this have
been posted in the principal thoroughfares
of the Chinese district. •
About three weeks ago Lee Won was
found in the rooms of Jue Bun, Chinese
agent for the Alaska Commercial Com
pany at 711 Commercial street, with a
large gash ln his throat. Friends of Jue
SEXTON ROSENER IS
SUMMONED BY DEATH
SAMUEL. ROSENER, for more than
ten years sexton of Temple Emanu-
El, dfed suddenly yesterday at his
home, 1611 Bush street. He was ill
less than half an hour. When he started
downtown early In the morning he was
apparently in perfect health. : He met
some friends about noontime and com
plained that he was suffering from a se
vere pain in his side, which had come on
rather suddenly and which was giving
him much uneasiness.
He was advised to hasten home and
take a rest. He arrived at his residence
a little after noon and a physician was
summoned. Before the doctors arrived
Rosenor applied a mustard plaster over
the region of his heart, where the pain
seemed most intense.
Complaining to his wife that the plaster
was too strong, he groaned and expired.
Deceased was a native of Germany, 61
years of age. He leaves a widow, four
grown daughters and two grown sons.
He was of a cheery disposition, popu
lar with all who knew him and was held
in high esteem by the congregation of
Temple Emanu-El.
HEATHENS USE THE
KNIFE ON DEBTORS
FORSOOK RANKS
DF CONFIRMED
BACHELORDOM
John F. Ward Announces
His Marriage After
Ten Months.
Bride Is Miss Eva Finn, Daughter of
a Wealthy Easterner Who Re
cently Made California
His Home.
ALAMEDA, April 17.— Not until bride
and groom called upon her on Sunday last
to pay their respects did Mrs. Colonel J.
J. Tobin know that her brother. John F.
Ward, had become a benedict. Neither
did any of the many friends of Mr. Ward
flream that he had forsaken single bless
edness for matrimony. Mrs. Colonel
Tobin was taken quite aback herself by
the tardy announcement, and before her
recovery from the shock had confided the
interesting: information to a select few.
That is how the news got out.
To a bachelor's life Mr. Ward's friends
thought he was unalterably wedded.
Nearly 40 when he was a resident of Ala
meda they thought he had passed the
marrying age. No wonder, then, there
will be surprise when for the first time
public announcement is made that in June
last, in San Francisco, Mr. Ward married
Miss Eva Finn, daughter of an Eastern
capitalist who recently came to California
with his family to reside. Mrs. Ward is
handsome and accomplished.
Formerly Mr. Ward was enpraged ln the
real estate business In Alameda and later
was cashier of the now retired Encinal
Bank. At present he is identified with the
Hibernia Bank.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIjL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 18, 1900.
FAIR DOMESTIC
WOULD A-WOOING
GO, BUT FAILED
A Pleasanton Farmer Ac
cordingly Sued by Miss
Bade.
Judge Ellsworth. Called Upon to Act
as Referee in a Peculiar Case,
Fails to Give Satis
faction.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, April 17.
M'.ss Adeline Bade would a-wootng go.
whether Sievens ¦wanted or no. and her
desire not to pr«i;r«"=.s far beyond middle
JU;e in a Ftate of single blessedness led to
lfgal complications, rendering necessary'
the service of Judge Ellsworth as referee.
Charie« L. Stevens is a white-haired
widower, er.jraEed In farming near Pleas
onton. and Miss Hade is a domestic who
h:is a hatrhot <-harpened for him.
Juriße ESllsworth'a court was the scene
of the trial of a suit to-day in which the
lady in auction claimed that Stevens
should be ordered to pay her two years'
•waees for acting as his housekeeper. In
her opinion S3O a month would be a rea
t-'nable oatnpecsmtioti for her services.
In the complaint there was no mention
of a proposed marriage, but Stevens so
testified and caused Miss Hade a deal of
embarrassment. He said the lady came
to his farm because she was too ill to do
regular work and that he gave her a home
¦until she was well. After a time, so
Stevens alleged, Cupid supported to Miss
Hade that it would be better all around if
they entered Into other relations than
those of employer and housekeeper, and
she proposed that they become riusband
and wife. Stevens saw things not in that
Ji^ht. so she left the place and sued for
iwo years' wapes.
JuciVre Ellsworth strimgrled mightily with
the problem and finally decided to allow
the plaintiff ?'y.. without costs.
(~vj>r)^ In the Goldfields, a
T^~\*v\ Winchester Repeating Rifle
jL * s a S™* k w ln Itse^« I* protect you and j
Ammunition
A' wavs reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
f^^i^*M^< address on a postal card for 160-page Illustrated
j&fed TfB^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
"^^^^LL^r* 418 flarket Street. San Francisco, GaL
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan atreets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, call Ins; at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honxkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
BS. NIPPON MARU ?.,..
Wednesday. April 23th. 13C0
ES. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. May 13th. 1900
ES. HONOKONO MARU
• .....Thursday. June 14th. UOO
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and paaaage apply at company's office,
4XI Market at., earner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COXPA9SIS 6EXIEALE TBANSATLaXTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Kalllnir every Thursday instead of <£a£>**
Saturday, (ram November 2. 139». at ¦ r»J-10r »J-
10 a. m.. from Pier «. North River, foot of
Morton «t., LA GASCOONE. April U; LA TOU-
RAINE. April W: LA BRETAGNE. May *: LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10. First cla»9 to Havre,
{CO and upward; S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second claaa to Havre. 145: 5 per cent re-
duction en round trip. OENERAL AOEXCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, tl
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Const Ageata. 5 Mont.
gomery avenu*. Saa Franclaco. .
THE BEST LAXATIVE.
A Pure Natural Aperient Water,
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS,
and therefore free from all the offensive smell often
found in Aperient Waters. .
RELIEVES DISORDERED STOMACH, CURES CONSTIPATION.
The ONLY Aperient Water bottled at the Hunyadi Springs,
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, Sole Prop., Bud apest, Hungary.
9
SAMUEL ROSENER.C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
'HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, best country hotels, $20 to $25;
2 waitresses, city, $20; waitress, resort, $20;
5 chambermaids ' to wait, $20; 2 women cooks.
$50 and $40: - 2 nurses. Institution, city, $20
each; chambermaid. $IS.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook, small family, country, $30. see party
here at 10 o'clock; cook for Los Angeles. $25, 3
In help, see party here; houseglrl, Menlo Park,
$20; 3 second girls, $20 and $23; houseglrl. • San
Luis Oblspo County, $20, see party here;
houseglrl, Santa Cruz Mountains. $25; 2
housegirls Mill Valley, $20. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO.. 104 Geary at.
4 SECOND girls. $25 and $20; 2 cooks, $30 and
$35; cook and second girl," same house. $30 and
$25; chambermaid and seamstress, $25; nurse,
1 child 9 years old. $20; 2 nurseglrls. $20 and
$15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
EXPERIENCED - girl for ; general housework;
good wages. Apply 1627. Oak st
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Low roll-top desk In good condl
tlon. Address box 2467. Call offlce.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, wash and Iron, $35, short dis-
tance; cook, 2 in family, $30; mother and
daughter, $30; cook, boarding-house, $30, city;
cook, summer resort, $30; 3 hotel cooks, $30;
4 second girls, $20, $25: 3 nurse girls. $20: In-
fant's 'nurse. $20; parlor maid and waitress,
$25 r chambermaid. $6 a week; 4 chambermaids
and waitresses, $'20; hotel waitress, $20, coun-
try and city; restaurant waitresses, $6, $7 a.
week; 50 housegirls, $20. $25. city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter at.
10 GIRLS, general housework. $25 to $30; 21
other positions. BUSINESS WOMAN S
CLUB, 827 Market at.
CASHIER and bookkeeper; must be accurate:
\ salary. $40. BUSINESS WOMEN'S CLUB.
927 Market at. '
SEWING girls wanted to sew shirts: steady
work all year; good wages. Apply THE L.
ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest- wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, ZVA Fremont
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught LEV!
STRAUSS & CO., 86H Fremont st; elevator.
WANTED— Protestant woman not over SO In a
country home to do housework and as com-
panion to lady; no Invalids; salary $10 per
month. Box 4857. Call.
GIRL wanted; must be good cook and do light
housework; In San Rafael. Apply A. DE-
COURTIEUX. 636 Clay, bet 7:30 and 12 m.
A GOOD talloress wanted that can make but-
tonholes on custom coats. Room 36, Dono-
hoe building. 1170 Market at.
A BRIGHT lady of business ability for per-
manent position; salary $40; small capital.
Box 46C4. Call. ,
A LADY to take the position of secretary; sal-
ary $40; must be of good address; small capi-
tal 'required. Box 4663, Call.
WANTED— A neat and steady girl for general
housework, ccoking and small washing; wages
$25. 1009 Dolores st. near Twenty-third.
YOUNG woman or girl for light housework
and help with baby: wages $S; good home.
Apply 2617 Howard st.
WANTED— A girl for housework; no washing;
no baking; wages $10. 2SOB Twenty-fourth at.
OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear. 723
Market at, room 35. _«
WANTED— A finisher on custom coats. 411H
Kearny st. top floor.
DRESSMAKERS — Flrst-class skirt makers
wanted. BOWHAY. 616 Butter at
GIRL to sew on coats. Sophie terrace, off Pine
st. near Duoont
GIRL for light general .housework; $15. 1217
Octavla at. cor, of Jackson.
ETARCHBRS and lroners wanted at Electrto
Laundry, £37 Folsom at.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators
on pants. 541 Market at.
TOUNO girl to assist with light housework.
Apply at 11 Erie at. near Mission.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis St.. room 62.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Call at
923 Valenola st. j
TAILORESS to work at custom tailoring:
Bteady work In store. 1175 A Market st.
GIRL for plain cooking and downstairs work.
700 Sutter at. •
GIRL for light housework; rood home. US
Ruas st.
OIRL for general housework and cooking. Ger-
man or Scandinavian preferred. 805 Van Ness.
EXPERIENCED finishers on custom pants:
steady work. 225 Fifth st
GOOD talloress wanted on flrst-class gentle-
men's work. 626 Fourth st
GOOD flnlsher on coats wanted; steady work.
819 Ellis Bt
GIRL for light housework; $10; references. Call
at 2116 Sutter St., between 8 and 10.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework.
850 Duncan st., between 27th and 2Sth.
WANTED— Lady who understands operating; on
ladles' tailor-made suits. 2012 FlUmore st
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking. 712 Stelner St.; call bet. 11 and 12.
GIRL to take care of 1 children and assist
housework. 1622 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED sewer on bar coats and
butcher gowns. Atlantic Shirt Fac. 455 Eddy.
LUNCH waitress wanted at 619 Sacramento st
Call early.
WANTED— Young girl to take care of year-old
Infant. Apply at 1548 Post st
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist wltn
housework. 3241H Butter st.
GERMAN girl for store and housework. Ad-
dress 1427 Webster st, Alameda.
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO _ HARRIS CO., 541
Market st
A BRANCH offlce for the recentlon or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at Open till 9 p. m.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to I weeks to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hairdre-sing taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
GERMAN lady or girl for. a month to do light
work: mind two children; $20. 617 Montgom-
ery st.
A FEW girls, salary 60c a day. THE COFFA-
RIN CO.. 27 Main st.
WANTED— Good flnlsher and skirt maker:
good pay for the right lady. 2107 Fillmore.
APPRENTICE girl on coats; will pay for be-
glnners. 119 Rues st.
WANTED— German woman for general house*
work. 2176 Fifteenth st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
804 Stelner St., near Halght.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on silk waists
and suits. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st
FIRST-CLASS finishers who can operate on
custom coats. 915H Sutter st
WANTED — Two young girls as salesladies In
¦ millinery. 1823 Stockton at
LADIES' clothes lroner and mangle girls. 411
Sanchez at.. National laundry. .
WANTED— Good flnlsher on custom coats:
Bteady work. 744 Folsom Bt. .
TAILORESS wanted at 1426 Polk st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for bakery.
1410 Folk st.
WANTED— Experienced cape operators. Apply
MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery st.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT CR. HANSEN _ CO/5..104 GEARY ST.
....Wanted for the Coast road, free fare....
Stone masons $3 60 to $4 a day
nations' helpers $2 to $2 25 a day
Rock laborers ....}2 a day
Teamsters ~ $2 a day
Free fare Free fare.
MISCELLANEOUS
Blacksmith's helper, railroad camp, $2 85 a
day. free fare; engineer and machinist, city,
$2 50 a day; blacksmith, country, $45; 2 ranch
blacksmiths, $35 and $40; wheelwright, $35;
carriage painter. $2 50 a day;. 4 farmers for
haying, $1 25 a day and board; 6 farmers,
$20 and $25; • milkers, $30; 20 laborers for
sawmill and woods, $26 and board; 10 miners,
$2 60 a day; upholsterer, country hotel, $25.
„.; HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $75; second cook, country hotel.
$50; baker and pastry cook, country hotel,
$45 to $30; baker, hotel. $35; baker, country
shop $50; second cook, mine boarding house.
$40; second baker, country hotel, $30; 20
kitchen hands and dishwashers, city and
country $20, $25 and $30; 2 sllvermen. city
and country. $20; 3 waiters, country hotels,
$25.
Hostler and drive bus for summer resort.
$25 and found." C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. '
AN apprentice cook for large hotel, who has
a little experience; $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
AN errand boy who lives with parents and
knows the city for our offlce. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife, country, $40 to $50. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st . *
2 RANCH hands, $20 per month; milker, $23.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
BOY for stationery store; wages $3 per week.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market at.,
room 203.
YOUNG man stenographer : and typewriter;
must be good penman: answer In own hand-
writing; state age and salary. Address box
' 4658. Call office; reference required.
WANTED— Elderly man to do chores on chick-
en ranch; good home; email wages.- Corner
• Arkansas and Eighteenth streets. Potrero.
COATMAKER wanted. ' Apply. 653 Valencia
, street
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A-MTTBRAY _ READY.!..PHO^*E~MAIN 6543
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M ......
5 butter-makers, $30 and found; wheelwright.
$40 and found; 4 farmers, same ranch, $32 50
and found ••¦•
20 men or strong boys to dig small trenches
bo that water can run down between vines,
trees, etc.; later to pick fruits and do any-
thing else the manager may put you to do:
he will teach you for a bank syndicate: *J>
and found; your wages will be Increased as
you learn ir___S
2 carpenters for ranches $2S. $30 and found
2 meA to work around ¦¦* v ? h * e £ ho Hf' s "S ? 2}
Portuguese milker, fare paid, boss here. pfd
12 teamsters, city Jobs r:;f '° 4 'r
6 haymakers.. s3o and fd. and $1 2o day and fd
8 blacksmiths and helpers, shops, ranches,
etc.. city and j Country ?VV4 ... jVo ...^.^- Vo|ln(i
carriage trimmer. $90: band sawyer. $4 dayj
24 miners, single-hand wwsawaw^-. i~. _•*»
14 laborers for mine, fare $1 &0....54 a. $50 & fd
16 laborers for a silver mlne--^ %^LtJ^
no experience required of laborers Jor mines.
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs. $30. $40.
r^r^orcna^vlneyard h-ds for all part,
t SfK'a.ffeVenVplahs^W.^rl S
29 teamsters and laborers city Jobs.. s3o &fd
26 laborers, fare 60c. you'll suit.. : •¦»•'*;* & "
34 laborers and teamsters for £»*! Mateo and
Alameda counties «__» W o 0 and found
356 tlemakers and woodchoppers $3. $- »°. *-.
$1 75, $1 50. $L 70c cord, 12c and 13c each, some
• a sTraSer teamsters... s26 and found. $1 75 day
gang edgerman, carriage woodworker $3 day;
355 Jobs not advertised; come see. ML.RRAI
& READY. 654 and 636 Clay et
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS....
32 cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants.
boarding-houses and ranches. $00. $40. $30. J3O.
$20 and found; second cook, mining notel. »„
and found; 10 waiters, different country
hotels $25. $30 and found; second baker, help-
ers; porters; bell and elevator boys; laundry-
men; 55 other similar positions. Come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL SPECIAL
45 men, no experience required
FARE PAID ...
Wages $26. $30, $35 and $40 and found; you 11
suit no Sunday work, steady Job. Come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
A NO experience required on this Job
We pay your fare.
25 laborers for the mills, woods and yards
of a large company, $26 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
WANTED— Broiler, $55; fry cook. $50; baker
and second cook. $12 week; broiler, hotel. $3a
and found; confectioner's helper, $30; farmer
and wife, country, $50; hotel porter, $20 and
found; restaurant porter, $20; saloon porter.
$1 day; waiter for country hotel, $30 and
found: elevator boy, $12 and found; bell and
elevator boy, $10 and found; sllverman, $20;
pot washer, $20; vegetable man, $25; other
restaurant and hotel help. J. F. CROSSETT
Agency. Collins.
FRUIT farmer and wife. $40; miners. $2 SO to
$3 day; 2 muckers, $2 day; car man; sticker-
man. $3' day; wheelwright. $3 50; blacksmiths,
$40 and $45 and board: 3 car builders, 30c an
hour. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 623 Sacra-
menta st. .
DRIVER for baker's wagon, $30 and found;
4 boyp for delivery wagons. 75c day; boy to
learn blacksmith trade. $1 day; 10 wood chop-
pora. $1 15 to $2 cord; farmers; milkers;
sheepherder. $30 and found: many others.
J. FT CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacramento st
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
TO bakers— l want a good all-round second
hand; English speaking (not German): good
pay. no night or Sunday work. A. SMITH,
New England Bakery, Haywards.
WANTED — 6 more miners. $3 per day and
found; must deposit $500; good security; 7 to 11
1 a, m.. S to 8 p. m. 2619 ft Harrison st
BOY about 17 years old for grocery and bar;
one living with parents preferred. Box 4660.
Call offlce.
ACTIVE man to deliver and collect for manu-
facturing house with over $250,0(50 capital; $30&
a year and expenses guaranteed: experience
not necessary. Address Manufacturer. P. O.
box 1027, Philadelphia, Pa.
TAIXOR wanted: also pressman on custom
coats. 304 Tehama st.
WANTED— Steady man. with $60, can make
$15 per week above expenses; light work;
permanent place. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman and ladies' tailor
wanted: wages no object for the right man.
PHILIP GLIXMAX. 324 Georgia st. Vallejo.
STRONG boy to work In candy factory; ex-
perienced preferred. Apply after 6 p. xa.
1160 Valencia at.
WANTED — Elderly man to take care of horse
and wagon; wages $5 a month and board. Call
at 500 Halght st
BUSHELMAN at once. BELASCO _ HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st. -
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply to W. tT
HART. Vlealia. Cal.
CARPENTER and strong boy; 7 o'clock In the
morning. So Tehama st
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Eutter St.
WANTED— Good cook at 6 East st
TAlLORS— Constant employment: salaries from
$6 upward. J. JONES, room 1. 28 Montgomery.
WANTED — Man who understands care of horse.
Girls' Directory. Central aye. and Waller st
WANTED— Man to work about the place. 1143
Harrison st
TINSMITH wanted. 113 First st
OPERATOR on ladles' tailor-made suits. Ap-
ply A. GADNER. 2012 Fillmore at
2 PAINTERS. $2 £0 a day. Broderlck and Jack-
son sts.
WAITER wanted at 822 Battery at.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st
GOOD sober and quick ehoemaker at once. 662
Mission st; must furnish references.
WANTED— Bedmaker. The Dewey House, S3
East st.
BRIGHT boy anxious to learn trade. Apply
Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
8 BARBERS wanted. 1 steady; $3 for Saturday.
713 Mission st
WANTED— Barber for Wednesday, Saturday
and Sunday. 1322 Powell st.
WANTED— A flrst-class waiter. 23 Stockton
street j
GOOD reliable young man to buy a half Inter-
est In barber shop; good business. 104 7th st
TAILOR wanted on custom coats. 1170 Market
street, room 36.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at S2O Kearny at,
flrst floor, room 1.
WANTED — Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 609 Kearny at. room 2.
SHOEMAKER on repairs; steady work. 562
Mission st.. between First and Second.
WANTED— A flrst-class New England baker.
Apply at Wheeland's bakery, 2232 Mission at
BOYS, 14 years upward. Apply Glass Works,
Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
sees of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, writs
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.. or
630 X *t . Sacramento. Cal.
A SOBER and steady waiter for lunch counter;
wages $30 per month and found to begin with.
Address "Reception." Wadsworth. Nev.
STEADY barber wanted at 624 Shrader street
GARDENER wanted. Call 1211 Polk at.
WANTED— Experienced tailors on coats; steady
work; good pay. 119 Russ st.
GET your shoes "half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission at. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; onlr re-
quires *lx to eight weeks; day and erenlng
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated catalogue
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; ISO lance
rooms; 25c per nlcht; $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard st
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 5C9 Kearny st. room 2.
BOY. 14 to IS; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st. room 35.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. V Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; IS
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket. 700 rooms. 23c nlsht; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
j Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
THREE waiters. Bteady work; 15 millmen ; 20
lumber pliers; S ranch hands. 624 I et, Sacra-
mento. Cai. m
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 23X) Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the receDtlon of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at, 1~3 Polk st; open until » p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* \ a-
lencla st _______—_—_—
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For S_le
FOR sale-A perfect road or carriage "am of
geldings, dark bays; over 16Vi hands high,
well matched, well bred and very »tyllsh; no
finer handsomer or eafer team can be found
in California. Can be seen at the cor Wtt.
aye and Point Lobos road (Ca-«sidy s) or ad-
Sress W. FORD THOMAS. 327 Market st.
San FrancUco. ,
HORSES HORSES HORSES.
Will sell In carload lots; T. O. J3J 3 - 9 - F : :
good serviceable young horses: weight 900 to
1400 lbs.- owing to dry season will sell In
carlots for $10 each. Address box 231. \ en-
tura, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Ma^et
327 Sixth st: auction sales -very Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME black carriage team, stands 18-!.
perfectly gentle; al3O 50 head of horses w e.ga-
Irq from tfOO to 1500 pounds, at Lnlon Stable..
862 Howard st.
ANOTHER big horse sale; special announce-
ment later Occidental Horse Exchange. 731
Howard st W. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving hors»s at 1821
and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and BraJy;
also some fine matched black teams.
CARRIAGE, fancy working and driving horses
1100 to 15C0 pounds, at 35 Dore st. near Ninta
and Folsom. m
FOR eale— Fine doctor's team: « anJ 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet dent.. 605 Golden Gate ay.
WANTED— Good cheap house. 948 Powell at.
FINE stock of all classes of fcorses at Switzer'a
Hone Market. Twelfth and. Market sts.
HOCSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for clr-
cular. O. H. r MBS EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. 667 Market St.
2041 Howard. 9 r..527 50,2111 Hyde. 11 r...srr BJ
1337 Howard. 6 r. 25 00 1 536 Lycn. » r 27 53
LARGE house for 1 or 2 families: rent. tZO.
JO7 Fulton. Key at &0*» Jessie, eff Ninth st
LEAVENWOR.TH. 5C6, near O'Farrell— A 2-
story house; 6 rooms, alcove and bath; rent
reduced: key at fruit store. Apply to C. &.
CAPP _ CO.. Real E3tate Agents. 630 Market.
TO rent— For the summer: complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, .fine garden. p».r»
spring water, beautiful scenery: with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; I
miles from St. Helena: * mile from "tatirn.
For particulars address HENP.Y LANOE
Grand Hotel. St. Helena. Cal. : also cottas*
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. <1 per year.
HOCSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster: 11 rooms and servants
room: 7 bedrooms: eun In every room: every-
thing Jn perfect order: stable on rear ¦*>•¦*•
will rent for 6 months or a term of years.
J. H. GILMORE. 323 Montgomery »t.
HOUSES WANTED.
$16 80— FINE flat; « rooms and bath; fine yard.
421 Tenth st. ,
~~ LOST AND KOLND.
LOST— Fifteen (13) shares of the capital stock
of the Mutual Electric Light Company of wn
Francisco, California, certificate No ,-,, 1 3
standing In name of James Fi!>her. trust*-*.
All persons are cautioned agair.st negotiating
same. Transfer has been stopped; v. F.
BOWMAN., vn Montgomery. San Francises.
!X>KT— About 2:30 p. m. in Tax Collector's of-
fice April 17. purse containing Jewelry and
silver money. Finder can have money by
returning Jewelry to 1712 Devisadero st.
LOST— Purse containing J"9 and valuable key
on Mission. Sixth or Market, between Sixth
and Fifth; liberal reward. 103S Mission st
LOST— Fox terrier; black head with white strip
in center; black spot en right aide; collar and
tag No. 2573: return 14 Eddy et.
LOST— 2 female fox terriers, white an;* brown
spot 3; good reward. 1410 Golden Gate aye.
LOST— Sunday, in Western Art.iltlon. plecola
(small flute). Return to 1730 Ellis st : reward.
LOST — Sunday at Tlburcn, bJack Cocker Span-
iel, with yellow legj; reward %Z. I Sophie ter.
FOUND— BIue greyhound. blac_ leather col-
lar. Inquire 1200 Pacific st.
LOST— In Oakland. Sunday p. m.. April 13.
on Washington st. between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth, pony, saddle and bridle. Finder
return to 1167 Twenty-third aye.. East. Oak-
land; reward.
LOST— Sunday night, en Folsom St.. bet
Third and Sixth, silver Scotch terrier; nama
'•Patsy." Five dollars rewarJ at _2'-i
Turk st.
LOST — One Jack, from First and Folsom sts. to
Maln-ct wharf: reward. Return Fuiton Iron
Works.
LOST— Pin; sunburst diamond center: between
Sau'alito Yacht Club. Saturday, and city.
Return to 21S Devisaderj st.. receive reward.
GOLD chain bracelet; vicinity Turk and Mar-
ket sts. ; liberal reward. 425 Turk st.
BROWN pointer dog; finder return to 2300 F!l:-
more st. and get reward of $10.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN. th»» well-known laiies" physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van NVss. returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment S": safe and reliable cure in on«
day; 15 years' successful practice in S. X. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market at.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and rellabte; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write cr call at IC_'; Market at.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and ailment 3
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and tea*;
advice free; offic-e hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
I to 5 p. in. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at offlce. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 11_ Market st. bet
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
flce, $5: any ailment; consultation free: con-
fidential. 942 Post st. bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladies' sp:c:al-
Ist; guaranteed treatment at oftice. $0: safe-
and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. PAVIES. 122S Market: ladies'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment $5.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist; home or offlce treatment
VI-VI— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
HIS Market: every ease guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WFGENER— Private horns
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM." herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news f.->r 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles; ladles' department
removed to "The Beilevue," Van Ness aye.,
opp. St. Ignatius, room 22. second floor, front;
no signs. Ad. for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47
Post street.
9IISCELLANEOLS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-l»7 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store ar.u of-
flce furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1013- 1021-10_ Mission
st. above Sixth.
SEE that handsome diamond, ruby and sap-
phire lace pin for $*2; worth $100. UNCLE
HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
BIG prices paid for full dress suits; send pos-
tal. Portland Loan Offlce. _ Stockton st.
phone Ulack 1201. ' ..
SCHOONER of about fifteen tons cheap; in
good order. W. HIATT. 1130 Mission st
ONE water-Jacketed air pump; cheap; nearly
new. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
LOOK at this— For sale; beautiful solid gold
watch: $45; cost $100. 14 Fifth st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machine: y, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. ¦
ONE second-hand metal turning lathe, planer,
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
steam pump. Emery gear; also pipe fittings:
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
GASOLINE engines; all sizes: second-hand:
cheap: guaranteed. NEWELL BROS., 110
Flraf st >*
* DIAMOND rings; cost $300; sacrificed tf sold
at qncecor trade for tickets Cape Nome. Box
2752. Call offlce. Oakland.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
tintll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery etreet.
rorner Clay: cpen until 9:SO p. ra.
$00 Haves street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C» McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
f^ Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. xa.
_X 1 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 5 p. m.
lOC Eleventh street; cpen until » p. m.
:OSC Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
12J3 Pr.ik f-treet; open until t p. no.
Northwest corner Tn-enty-eecond and Ken-
tuchy Ftre etg; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. ¦
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. Is. 1 -5j- —
K. T.. Golden Gate building. C 25 But- ffmT
ter St.— £recial assembly THIS AF- ffj
TERNOOX at ?:SO. for the purpose of W
conferring the Orders of Knighthood. w
All fraters tre courteoufly invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
CROCKETT Lodge No. IS3. F. and A.
M— D 3d THIS EVENING, April IS. at
7:SB o'clock. Py order of the W. M. JLJ\
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /^T *»
EXCELSIOR Ledge No. 166. F. and A. ¦
ai.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- jffk^
DAY). EVENING. April :?. at 7:35 %jf?
o'clock. Second <se_ree. / >
THEO E. SMITH. Secretary.
All PSION Lodpe NoTIC9. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) «/V_
EVENING, at T:3O o'cl >ck. Second de- \f_tf
_gree : C. P. BUNKER. Sec. /V'
MORSE Lodge No. 2~f. I. O. oTT^ZTZT"
F.— lnitiation THIS (WEDNES- _>?s_"iK__
DAT) EVENING. April 18. Cove-
r.nrit Hall. Vleltors cordially in- J *i
vited. GEO. SHERMAN. N. G.
C. BUND, Recording Secretary-
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process irem the Red D^g Mining Company
end Scuth Yaba Water Compar.y, in the Red
T>ng mice, near You Bet Station^ Nevada
County, to deposit tailings in Greenhorn
Creek; frcm Martin Kline, In the Bowlder
Hill mire, rear Placervllle, El Dorado Coun-
ty, to deposit tailing* in a ravine below the
mine; from <J. E. Vuimer. in the Little Klon-
dyke placer mine, near Placerville. El Dorado
County, to dej.os'.t tailings in Coon Hollow
Cie^k. and frcm E. W. Hayden. In the Bluff
p.acer mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
County, to deroeit tailings in a ravine below
the mine, gives ::ctice that a meeting will be
held at room 19. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco. CaJ.. on Arri! SO. 1900. at 1:30 p. m.
__________ ,
Refelutior.a acd «irlo— las a — pedalty. J. W.
Griffith, Heelgy Bugireys College. 24 Post st
AGE>TS W ANTED.
AGENTS for an all-rcur.d useful utensil: beet
ever invented; $15 to J_ per day; profltable.
permanent business. Call or write HEKRICK,
M_j Brueh st.. Oakland.
CAN*VAf?S_RS wanted for the best selling nov-
elty cr. the coast. IC4 Mlsna et
EXPERIENCED buHdlng and loan agenu.
Room 1406. Claus Epreckels buildinx.
A GOOD propoeltlcn for ladies or gentlemen.
114 ft Market *t.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF A. MASERY'of" Egypt, greatest astrel-
or_t and palrrlst in the world: satisfaction
(Tunranfed. <37 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE five; divorce law a epeclalty; private:
tio £ ££ without 6^3cc^s s * col 1 _ > ctio_ ls. G. »\ r .
HOWE, atfy at law. SO Market cor. Stocktn.
VT. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis 254. 410 Kearny st
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. SI7 Market et.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MEKZEACH. attorney-at-law, has re-
rumed practice at 5C3 Cal. et.. Clunie bldg.
L. P. CLAIiK. Emma Ppr^-ckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft : consultation free: no fees in advance.
_^ BATH CABINET— HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBINSON t" 4-panel folding; door opens firm
¦nd Fafe. W. S. lIROWN. pen, act. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN HAKES.
THE AMEKICAN BABBITRY.
W. B. SINK JR., Proprietor.
Finest Imported Belgian Harts in the United
states.
See our magnificent young buck,
BANNOCKBURN.
A worthy offspring of the great Lord Ba_bury-
PRINCE S: 3 ZENIA.
The most beautiful ln-.i>orted doe In Americ_
Ttis week we ¦Bill sell Yukon does bred to
Eannorkburn for $12 50.
Young ISir Banbury does came price.
Bee before you buy and get good value for
your money.
Stock by champion of the world Faahoda,
Champion Kdinboro 11. Champion Lord Ban-
bury. Champion Yukon, Ch_mj>lon Dash. Sir
Etyies, Lord I2d:r.boro an<s Trinidad.
Park Avenue, Emeryville.
One block from Pan Pablo-ave. cars.
AT F. E. MASON'S, 1710 Everett Bt, Ala-
rneda— "LOßD ESSEX," Imported, fee $20;
"Teddy Roosevelt," winner first prize Los
Angeles, fee IIS; "Dandy Styles," own son
of "Sir Styles." fee Jl^; "Britain Prince,"
own son of "Lord Britain" and "Avalanche."
fee Jl5; "General Waohlngton" (heavyweight).
eon of "Star Buck." fee tlO; does bred to
these bucks from $19 up; closed Sundays.
WHFTERN ADDITION RABBITRY. 2107 Cali-
fornia st; Falesroom. stall 12. Union-square
Market. O'Farrcll and Powell ets.; choice
pedigreed stock.
EALESROOM for the Laurel Dell Rabbitry of
Salinas, Cal., at the Montgomery Market 735
Market st. : aeents for the Meadow Brook
Belgian Hare Company of Loa Angeles.
THOROtXHIiRED Belgian hares from all the
rreateet winning strains. Champion Edinboro
11, Lord Britain and other* . Tremont Rab-
bitry. 241S Facranaento «t. : phone West 237.
VICTORIA RA BBlTRY— Headed .by Palace
Royal, ecorisg 6 prizes; other bucks at stud
er.S for rale; does of all grades and ctrains.
bred »n<J unbred. 1277 Seventh ar.. E. Oakl'd.
FOR «ale— Ped lrreed Belgian hares; from SS
upward. MARKET-ST. RABBITRY, W. C.
BENTHAM. proprietor, 1E22 Market et
MASCOT RABBITRY, 427 Sutter Bt. S. F. Fine
pedigreed stock guaranteed; at reasonable
prices; service. $15 and $25. .
THE Kncinal Rabbitry, Hanlett _ Bew. 122S
Orand et.. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
CHOICE alfalfa for Belgian bares: K> Golden
Oat* a»
BOARDING FOR. CIIILDR— N.
GOOD homo for S children. H7B Perry rt.,
near Fourth.
ONE or 2 children to board; nice sunny yard;
good home: references. 81J Mission Bt
~ DOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
H<"lrrie« TV<ck Cn.. 704 Mf*«'«n *».. near Third.
BOUT AND SHOK BARGAINS.
BARGAINS in ladles' and children's shoes;
drummers' camples at manufacturer's cost
J. KOHLnnrKKR. Ub Fourth st
lICMN —SS CUANCKS.
A— tVoo— ¦ BAZAA R and notion store, with I fine
living roorr.B; rents 522 50; a rood paying bus-
ir.nbi-; Etock values the price; best location on
principal street. R» O. WILKE, 906 Market
A—S1&0;A — S1&0; COI— «ER candy and loe cream parlor,
or.c block north of Market; splendid business.
Cell U. <i. WILKE. fcOS Market st
A— 4lSOO; BAKE RY on leading business Etreet;
Wegterx. Addition; rent i6t; S horses, wagon;
S new ovens; baking 3\% barrels per day; sick-
ness cause cf eale. See R. G. WILKK. $06
Market st.
A-*550: PARTNER wanted In old established
and first-class paying corner saloon; retiring
partner to leave for Nome; a splendid offer.
Call R. O. WILKE. WX Market st
A— 41250; CORNER saloon; established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
H2 10; best location on Sansome et. ; owner
cleans above $_0 per month. R. O. WILKE.
»0C M-rket st.
A— 1700; CORNER ealoon, with 11 club and la-
c;tb' rooms; rent $<0; place established for
yeerf: very best location; flrst class; paylag.
Cal! K. G. WILKE. SO6 Market st
A— tZ2oo; COKNE K grocery and bar on Hayes
et; rent '.':'¦, including rooms; large etock of
liquors and groceries: a flrst -class, paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
A— 12000; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
livirg roomt: rent ,50; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on MiFglon st. ; place doing a rood
faying cash business; full value la eight
Call U. G. WILKE. 806 Market Bt.
A— s2^o; CIGAK *tore; clearing Ji dally; splen-
did location: Market and East Ets.; rent $12.
Cali R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
J4OO— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city; bar-
gain this day. McLaughlin _ Co., 777V4 Mrkt.
stt_-TAILOR- fchop; bare— n; on account of
death. See McLa ughlln _ Co.. 777H Market
$150— PARTNER wanted: paying business. Mc-
LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777H Market Bt
51500— 01 d e*tabl_hed corner saloon; bargain;
going to Cape Nome cause of Bale, llc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777'^ Market st
$300 — CIGAR stand; good paying business. Mc-
LAUOHLIN _ CO.. 777% Market st
1300— PARTNER wanted In good paying saloon;
cteady man required. McLAUGIILIN _ CO.,
777*4 Market et
BUSINESS CHANCE"."— Con tinned.
A— s4soo— ON account of large and Increasing
business, young man wants partner In dairy
produce business; controls first-class trade;
Xir.e outside route; good horses and wagons;
full set of machinery; everything favorable
for rapid increase; muct have help; clears
$3CO per month; best references; must be able
to keep plain accounts; act as cashier, look
after help, etc.; owner there 9 years. STEN-
BERG CO.. 935 Market st
00-ROOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
Barg-ln. Price with DECKER. 1020 Market
$750— SALOON on East st; paying business;
rent $iO. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$2750— GROCERY and bar: paying business;
must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st
BOTTLING beer business fpr Bale; well estab-
lished; strict investigation permitted. See J.
E. SLINKBY & CO.. 1 Fifth st.. cor. Market.
PARTNER wanted in a first-class printing of-
fice. See SLINKEY & CO., SE. cor. Maxket
and Fifth- streets.
$450— PARTNER wanted In business; $18 to $25
week each to start; no experience required;
trial given; a bargain. 8 Geary st. room 2.
$200— HOME bakery for sale; low rent; a lady
can make a fine living here and save money
besides ; a bargain. Apply » Geary et. r. 2.
FOR sale— An established manufacturing busi-
ness for the reproduction or restoration of
hair: rights and patents all clear; doing an
Al business and receiving orders from every
direction. BROCKELHURST & MEGLAD-
DERY. 759 Market Bt.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy. Bell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you in every respect BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDERY. 759 Market St.
X— S2SO— PARTNER; moving and storage busl-
ne«s; $1 50 monthly. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary.
DRUG store for sale: $2000; In a good residence
section of Oakland: clean stock, modern fix-
tures and a flrst-class location; any one wish-
ing to take advantage of this offer must call
toon as owner is going Into the manufactur-
ing business. Address box 2754, Call offlce, ;
Oakland.
HOME bakery; old-establiehed place; call and
fee; a flne chance for fancy baker. Box 4665,
Call offlce.
OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher business; cash
register, safe and icehouse; owner leaving the
city: cheap. Apply at 1206 Valencia st.
$150— PARTNER wanted In paying business;
trial given; Investigate. 632 Market, room 16.
BARBERS— 2-chair shop, with baths, in near-
by country town. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis.
BARBER shop for eale; on account of depart-
ure. Cor. Railroad and Seventh ayes., south.
FOR eale cheap: saloon and etore fixtures; bar
counters, shelvlngs. etc. 309 Fourth st
MUST sell cheap: hay. grain, wood and coal
business; established 20 years. 122 Howard.
GOOD paying dairy, delicacy store: living rms.;
must sell; departure. W., box 4656, Call.
COUNTRY general store for sale— Complete
stock, horse and wagon, etc.; well-built fur- .
nished ¦¦ house, modern conveniences; large
grounds, barn, stables and chicken-houses;
about 200 head choice poultry, cow; well-pay-
ing buEineFs; no opposition; beautiful climate
and Burroundlngs; price $4500 cash; house.
etc., cost more; owner has important Interests
north. C. WILLMOTT. 918 Market et, 8. F.
FOR sale cheap— Complete brickmaking plant;
gasoline engine; Quaker machine: capacity :
15 000: located on Donahue road; convenient |
for (hipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton. Sonoma County. Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
niEh»d rooms, all rented: near car houses and
transfers; rent $85; going to Cape Nome.
IJIS Central aye.
$405— PARTNER wanted In offlce commission
bu<"inees. clearing $100 to $125 monthly to each;
trial allowed until satisfied; chance of a life
time. Particulars at 26 Geary et
BARBER ihop— Well established; good, grow-
ing location; reasonable. 223 Fillmore Bt.,
near Haight.
A— BUTTER, eggs, coffee and tea route. Apply
after 4 p. m., 16CS Eleventh aye.. Sunset dis-
trict
BAKERY store, 1105 Howard st; 4 rooms, with
large oven and tools to let low; location excel-
lent.
GOOD paying cigar etore and laundry offlce;
jZyj. Box 4t74. C-ll offlce.
SHOE shop for sale; good location. J007>4 Fill-
more st
SALOON at 4 Washington st; cheap rent;
owner going away.
FOR sale— 2 good milk routes and dairy store;
t fine wagons; S head of horses; business
tpeakß for itself. Box 4655. CalL
$3000— FOR sale: a flne corner drugstore; owner
has two places; place Is making big money.
Address box 3018. Call ofllce.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; flne fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth Et.
BARGAIN— Good paying dairy; 17 cows, t
hordes, route, etc.; only $1100; must sell Im-
mediately. Lock box 127, Fruitvale P. O.
WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery, candy
and notion store cheap; reasons, going back
East 916 Railroad aye. South.
$ISOO— FOR' sale; one of the best located res-
taurants In city; owner has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Ad. box 3017. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes Eupplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Bacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and eubscrlptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
t subscriptions has been established at 10M V».
' lencia st
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; rent $50; clears $200; only $400
<yu-h $1500
18 rooms; on Third at 250
17 rooms; on Jones st 600
6 rooms and bath 200
PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE.
44-room corner; electric elevator $3900
SO rooms; restaurant and bar; in Stockton 750
SO- room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2200
S-room flat; new; elegant 200
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call offlce.... 650
87 rooms; on Howard at; only $3l>)3 I >) cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market Bt. ; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason st; payments 450
S5 rooms; on Kearny at.; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market Et. ; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN B_
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt., opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN, 718 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Lodging houses, all parts of city.
4 of 7 r. : Bof 9 r. ; 8 of 10 r. ; 7of 12 r. ;
tof 14 r.: 6of 18 r.; 7of 21 r. ; Bof 26 r.;
4of £2 r. ; 8 of 86 r. ; 4 of 40 r. ; 6 of 60 r. ;
And many more. Please call for particulars.
R. H. WINSTON & CO
1026 Market St
10 rooms $500 I 22 rooms $700
40 roomi $"50 I 41' rooms $425
66 rooms $1700 | 69 rooms $2000
$276— HOUSE of • nicely furnished rooms;
rooms all rented; good location; rent' $32 60.
Pacific Exchange, 1016 Market st r-'--^
SNAP: $175; 18 rooms, all rented; good loea-
tlcn; cause of selllr.a;. Mckr.ess. BasUe, 3 Eddy.
$575 — ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms,
bath, laundry: nice yard ; permanent roomers;
profitable Investment; 4 blocks from Market
at; new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-st. corner, near Market; 30 sunny
rooms; brick building; flne location. Inquire
W r M. HFNPRICKPON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW Sl Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 16th & Valencia.
SELLING out half cost 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Folsom st near Eighth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become ditgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pionier Carpet-beat-
ing Worka. S5B-557 Tehama at; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 34th at; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 28-40 Bth Bt; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson Bt. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.-
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
rands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall is always *uc-
cetsful and ratisfactory. and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
SPIIIITUALISM.
MRS HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, Is located at 43
Sixth st: spiritual labor readings dally from
9 a. m. to 7 p. m; circles every evening.
MME HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth at., room 12.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Fri. eve., 10c;
read.. L. 25c, G. 60c. 1204 Flllmore. nr. Turk.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket. bet. 10th and 11th; dr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MME VERLEIN. life and card reader; busl-
nese advice 60c. 5274 Post st.
ARNOLD- DICKSON: sit. daily; oonsnlt. free:
meeting to-night: all Invited. 148 3th. rm. L
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, bualneas
medium, life reader: Bitting. 11. 1104 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK "
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 206 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every bidden mya-
stery; Bhe will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
]ost affections; unite the separated ; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while In a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: tips
on races. 11S7 Market at. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton »t. near Larkln.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt. r. 15.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyand and water
reader; German spoken. 921& Mission, op. Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt., original gypsy
life reader: last week; readings 25c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
sittings dally. 212'^ Sixth st
MMH. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice, names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth St.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
- band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell »t.
CAPE NOME.
I WILL sell half Interest In one or two placer
. mining claims: reasonable; worth lnvestlga-
tlon. ; Address box 3455. Call offlce.
CAPE Nome rocker; cheapest jjs**" l , and
best: latest improvements. 1911H Misslon._
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
lesa euccessful. Room 310. ?27 Market it
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
$rANX> $10^Cottages, 4 rooms; K oo^
water free. Apply premises. 945 Bryant, or
TJMBSEN* & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold 61Uas»
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
14 to up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber Plate. $5: a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty, see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and etroneer than rubber, warranted., for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extraction done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$•60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 1
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes^ no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL Bet of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50e: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mlssion.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per get; extracting 50c: gas given.
IDEAL icold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $S; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
MEYER. Deutucher Zahnnrzt. 6 Turk: painless
ext, crowns, bridge work: open Eund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st: crown-
bridge work: ext painless; full set teeth 87
PARIS Dental Parlor. 225 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAX VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market ft., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1?41 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 rraduate opera-
tors: op»n e\-enlngs and Sundays. S5O Market.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $l«0; all
animals treated: fine* boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS A.M) SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn practical
dresemaklng; late patterns cut. IC3 Post st
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 887 Geary at: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
I —— ED ucATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St. B. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
tpying, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business Unlverulty; arranged In departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market st. San Francisco.
AYRES' the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; lite
scholarship. $50; day and evenlng;vcatalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M.G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct. Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mlsslon;vlolln, guitar.
FRENCH. Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of lsnjronge*,32O Po«t:estah'd 1871; ablest pr»M.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
5 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. BC6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Offlce—
Best help. 417 Powell et.. telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANT X D — F E 31 A LX.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
also first-class Norwegian cook, with best
city references, city or country; competent
woman with a child wants position In the
country ac working housekeeper. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter Bt
ELDERLY woman, experienced, reliable cook,
active and strong, speaks German, wishes
position in good boarding house or religious
Institution; country or city. 671 Seventh at,
Oakland. . -
YOUNG woman speaking German, French and
English for light housework and care of
children: sleep home; wages $2 50 week. Call
MRS. VICTOR. 327*4 Third at
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants situa-
tion as housekeeper, city or short distance In
country; wages $15. Apply 1331 Scott st, near
O'Farrell. .
EXPERIENCED Swedish woman wishes plaoe
as laundress for institution. Please call or
address E. 8., 413 First at, second floor.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market at: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for some high
grade furniture and carpets. 14 Fifth st.
JESSIE. 1324, off Hermann-S9- flat of 3 rooms;
Bun all day. Apply at UMBSEN'S.
JULIAN AYE., 19," off Fourteeenth— Sunny flat
of 4 rooms and bath; rent cheap.
LIGHT and sunny flats. 145 Tehama at, off
Fourth; 8 rooms; rent reduced.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant flat; (
rooms; bath. 10 Grove st. -^--
FLATS TO LET.
CHOICE, sunny flats, 4 and B rooms, bath; nice
location: Hanover place, off Sacramento st,
above Powell: small families.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT laundryman, wife good lroner, wish
situations to run a resort or small laundry In
the country. Box 4680, Call offlce.
GERMAN desires position as driver of milk or
baker wagon. Please address box 3457, Call.
A STRONG, reliable young man wants work of
any kind In Cape Nome; Al references. Box
4672, Call offlce.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place; under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows; run gasoline engine; handy with tools;
best refs.. EMIL GARDENER, box 466 L Call.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness in all branches. Is trustworthy and reli-
able desires situation in private family; ref-
erences. C. 8., 1022 Jackson st.
UNDERTAKER'S assistant; young man. 5
years' experience: thoroughly understands his
business; embalming a specialty: city or coun-
try: refs. FRANK J. CUEHANE, 620 Folsom.
ACTIVE, elderly man would like situation as
cook on ranch or as kitchen help In country
hotel. J. CAUOHET. 8 Jackson st
SOBER and reliable cook of many years' ex-
perience In all branches wishes a situation.
Address box 4659, Call offlce."
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
THE BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB.
827 Market (incorporated), tel. South 2*9; club
rooms 201. 202, 203 Emma Soreckels building,
527 Market. We want to call your attention to
the fact that we can furnish you with reliable
male help for clerical positions. 1. c.. sten-
ographers and typewriters, bookkeepers, cash-
iers salesmen, domestics, etc.
All HelD FURNISHED FREE OF CHARGE.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
LADY wishes position to assist with light
housework, etc. : must be treated as one of the
family; $2 a week. Box 4670, Call otflce.
YOUNG lady of culture and refinement wishes
to travel with some one going East, or will
be comDanlon to Invalid lady. Call or ad-
dress C. 1269 O'Farrell st.. Young Women's
¦ Christian Association.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work: II a day
and car fare. Call or address. 106V4 Third.
AMERICAN woman wants chamber-work by
the day; Is willing; 996 Market et. room 8.
SITUATION wanted by elderly American wom-
an at housework; good cook and baker; city
or shCrt distance In oountry; no postals. 106 a
Market at, opposite Jones.
RESPECTABLE, steady girl; general house-
work; good plain cooking; references. Call 83C
29th st, bet. Church and Sanchez; no postals.
COMPETENT nurse would like a position as
infant's nurse or care of grown children; can
speak French or sew or help with chamber-
work; no objection to the country. Call at
1513 Market st.
GERMAN girl, 17 years old, wants a place for
housework. Apply 71S^ Bryant, near Fifth.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as worklnx
housekeeper; understands care of children.
Box 3456. Call offlce. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT cook would do cooking and
downstairs work with small washing or gen-
eral housework; willing and obliging; wages
$25; no postalß. Inquire 2223 Post St.
EXPERIENCED young nurse wishes to care
for children over 2 years; $20> ref. Call or
address 1697 Fifteenth St., corner Valencia.
ELDERLY woman wishes position In private
family; home more desired than wages. 436
Clementina st.
SITUATION wanted by a atrong young woman
to do housework by the day or week. Call or
address 448^ Third st. '
AN experienced Infant's nurse, German, with
beet city reference; city or country; $25. 929
Pine st, corner Taylor. _^_^
SITUATION wanted by Protestant woman;
geneial • housework or cooking; country pr«-
f erred. Call or address 681 Pine; F. W.
POBITION as working housekeeper by Efwed-
lßh widow with 1 child 3 years old. Call or
address 8902 Twenty-fourth st
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 3 rooms, bath. 1 closets,
gas for lighting and cooking. 1020 Geary Bt.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale at a bargain;
In uee only a' few months. Call at 1794 Ellis.
I FLATS of 8 large rooms each. In rear of
30 Silver st. ¦ '
THREE modern flats; 6 and J rooms: yard,
basement; rent moderate., 1981, 1935. 1937
O'Farrell st
TO let— Flat 6 rooms, yard and cellar. 619
Grove st; rent $15. '
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN tHOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
position; country preferred. Address box 4599,
Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open until 9 p. m.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
YOUNG German girl wishes to oare for 1 or J
children over 2 years. 4C9A Minna at.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper; En-
glish, French and German Btyle: flrst-class
pastry; best hotel references. 142 Natoma st,
basement
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires position as nurse
or companion to lady en route for Paris;
knows French; no wages; city reference. Call
2623 California st.
GIRL wants to assist with housework; $10;
no trtflers. 106V4 Third Bt
LAD\" with little girl. 8 years old, would like
a place to work in small family; home more
than wages: good plain cook; city or Oak-
land. 372 Clementina st
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by day; make a
suit In one day. 1532 Polk st.
MAN and wife would like to take care of house
during owner's absence. Address box 4630. Call.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071V4 Market Bt. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
FUnNITUUE FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE for Bale cheap: 8 rooms and
bath; sunny flat; downtown; 2 steady room-
ers; must sell; payments. Inquire 299 Hyde.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. Klne Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
10* fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Druids-
Hall 413 Sutter street, where services will be
held under the auspices of the German La-
dles 1 Benevolent Society •or the Red Cross.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
1137 Mission street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
MILLER— In Oakland, April 16. 1900, Albert,
beloved husband of Mary Ann Miller, and
father of Mrs. John B. Mhoon and Annie,
II- mT A., H. E., C O. G.. H. H. and P. L.
Miller, a native of Peine, Hanover. Ger-
many." aged 72 years 2 months and 4 days.
CTFriends are Invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock.
HhNRY J GALLAGHER C<\. .
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
rUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMiiaa.
• 10 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln School.
Telethon* South 80.
yncAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMBALMERS
1239 Market St., between Bth and 9th. «
Telephone South 247. |
Time— l 4 *I»H* S :36>4: •» l:01»i. Bad start Won easily, second and third driving, win
ner. Burna & Waterhouses eh. g.. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Winner a very useful
youVigßtet\^OtherBtrashy Ic^^^^^^^^
1105. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs: selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $4*>,
Ti me 3_iB. :IS%: 7-16, :42 i i; s'if. l:Wi. Good start Won first three driving, winner. E.
Lanigan's b. f.. by Balgowan- Parolee. Genua away well and never bothered: she took th«
rail position' at post and was out of order. Don Luis would have won In a few more Jump*.
George Miller showed improvement. Scratched— Gold Buz 106.
1 HK{. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs: maiden three- year-olds; purse. $400.
Time X :24; % :49; K. 1:13H- Good start. Won easily! second and third driving-. Winner.
William Boots & Son's br. g.. by Tiger-Lucia dl Lammermoor. Edg-ardo the best of a cheap
bunch. •Disqualified for fouling: and placed last. Scratched— Artllla 117, Dreadnaught II 113.
Illllouette 107. '
1107. FOURTH RACE— One mile: selling; three-year-olds; purse. $400.
Time— hi :2«- % :51; *4. 1:17: mile. 1:434. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner.
W F 'Schulte's b. f.. by King Lee-Perl. Start contributed to chances of winner. La
Borgia weakly ridden. Isaltne sore. Prestome apparently all out when Morgan let him
dOWn. ,'..,- -, r nn n 1-1 nn i-, ,-, -LJ->J>^-o-^rvAj-o-i_riJ-o-o-o-o-lJ^^
1103. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and upward; parse. lICO.
Time— X :2<*4; :*SH; X. lH3!i. Poor start Won easily, second and thJrd driving. Win
ner. E. Corrlgan's eh. f., by Imp. Bassetlaw-tmp. Sardonyx. Sardine outclassed her field.
Poijipinolsstale^ i^^^^ nn _ ini _ tw^^
1100. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $4CO
Time— l-16. :C««4: 5-IS. -.32**: J-l«. :57H; 13-IJ. 1:23: mile, 1:43; 1 l-l«m. 1:49 V,. Fair start Woa
first three driving". Winner, W. P. Magrane's b. m. f by Sir DUon-Lady Elizabeth. Win
ner about the only one backed. Whole band would only make fair cavalry hones. Scratched
—Acrobat 112.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Herman and Ella M. Murphy to William Mil
ler, lot on SW line of Decatur street, 175 SE
of Bryant. SE 25 by SW 60; $19.
Edgar Briggs to Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, let on SW line of Laskle street. 226
NW of Mission. NW 24:6 by SW 85: $5.
Antolne and Grade Borel (by attorneys) to
Margaret M. Bowhay. lot on S line of Lake
street, 22:6 E of Twelfth avenue, X 125 by S
100; $10.
J. W. and Annie L. Wright to Halleck H.
Look, lot on SE corner of Thirty- first avenue
and L street. S 100 by E 57:6; $SOO.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Claura Sawyer,
lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue, 125 N of
J street. N £0 by W 120; $10.
J. B Lewis to S. J. S. Rogers, lot 2. block
366. South San Francisco Homestead and Rall
r<*id Association (quitclaim deed); $10.
".VilHarn B. Swain to Andrew Spauldins. lot
13, block 13, City Land Association: $W.
Henry W*. Burckes to Ardele- M. Burckes. lot
on W line of Jones street, 43 N of O'Farrell,
N 22 by W 73; gift
Builders' Contracts.
L. C. Smith (owner) with O. A. Craemer
(contractor). C. A. Meussdorffer— All work ex
cept painting, mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a two-story and basement frame building
on lot on E line of Leavenworth street. 160 N
of Pine. N 16 by E 80; $4031.
A. Aronson (owner) with FloodberßT & Me-
Cafferey (contractors), architects Hemenway
& Miller— Plaster work for a flve-story and
basement concrete and brick construction on
lot on E line of Geary street. 62 :< E of Jones.
E 75 by N 77:6; $2273.
George Schafer (owner) with C. H. Hock
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg—
Excavation, brick and concrete work for two
three-story frame buildings, with brick base
ments, on lot on SE corner of Hyde and Eddy
street. S 57:6 by E 37:6; $1233.
D. Ghlrardelll Company (a corporation)
(owner), with G. H. and S. Walker (contrac
tors), architects William Mooser & Son — Car
penter and mill work, tin shutters and doors,
hardware, glass and set all Iron work In con
nection with carpenter work (owner will fur
nish and deliver on premises all Iron work
and constructional lumber and flooring) for
a two-story and basement brick warehouse on
lot on N line of North Point street, 43 E of
Polk. E 142 by N 73; $3430.
BIRTHS— MARRIABES — DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not bo Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
CROSBY— McKAY— In this city, March 31. 1900.
by the Rev. E. G. Mathena. D.D.. Emery A.
Crosby and Annie >I. McKay, both of San
Francisco. >*• '
VAN DER WIELEN— SCHMIDT— In this city,
April 18. 1900. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
: Georse Henry Van der Wlelen and Ida H. C.
Schmidt.
WERNER— SCHULER— In thf3 city. Aoril 15.
1&00, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Albin A. W.
Werner of San Francisco and May E. Echuler
of Los Anjreles, Cal.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE
COMPLETE projectors' mining outfit for
¦ ,-r.:.. $100; »cc this or write for list of
article*. A. BRANDES. 707 Brush. Oakland.
A— sS 10 DERBY an<i Fedora hats. $1 75^ Pop^
ular Price Hatters. C3O Kearny st. nr. Pine.
FRESH Jersey cow: rich milk: 14 to 15 quarts
daily; gentle. 1312 Folsom st. Price. $i 5.
CASH reslElrra. eecend-band. bousht and sold;
Nfcticnal and Hail wood. 1359 Mission, nr. ith.
HIGH-ARM ?'.nser sewing machine; good con-
<!;ticn: complete; cheap. ISIS Mission, nr. 15th.
A FINK su'.t. $10; dress pacts. :2 7S. Misfit
Cloth. r.£ parlors. 427 Montgomery et
A COMPLETE outfit of id-hand sauyase ma-
chinery. Mclntosb. &. Wolpiran. 135 Fremont
1"O!-JTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathe*; M-harid. J. Burke, lit Bpale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cti>-a;>. Typewriter Excharijre. 4C3 California.
STITW and «econd-k»cd slot icachlr.es bought
ar.a sold. W. C. BKXTHAM. 1532 Market st
A 10- TON Fairbanks pcale and Sre and burs-
lar-rrocf safe. £16 California st.
SAFES- New and secorvJ-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. «17-4T3 Sr.crameato st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof *»?•: 1 fire and burg-
lar-proof «afe: ch^ap. 42 Main st
SAFES. r.tw and trccr.d-hasd. all sires. THE
WALTZ SAFE. lfl«-:;i Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-«>ided sticker; 1 p'.aner ar.d matcher: 1
a." r?mrressor: 5 livcmotlve*. 220 Fremont
EPTSON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$ll>0: <^c-rt r«— r3«. TZ 30. BACIGALUPI.
533 M*rkrt st. Pan Krancisco.
A "WKFTv-p news fcr 5 c-ntn. The Weekly Call.
misckll\.m;oi s wa.nts.
WANTED- Second-hand upright piano for
r&fh. H. L. WHTTKHHAn. 1710 Market st
MOAfcli TO WAX.
ANY proposition, ary amount : TpeTcentTflrsC
f*ccr.d nicrtßsgfs. estates in probate. Interest
in estate*, legacies, corporation loans chattel
msrtsaefs; cccfldentlal: advice free. G. E.
OLSEX. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY ¦moCPt at « per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In prc-
bate; mcrtga«es &*4 legacies bought; no de-
lay: get rr.y terms before doing business else-
wherg. K. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY resrectab'.e private place to obtain
liberal advances m fiiamnnis. Jewelry at low-
est rate*. RaJdwin Jewelry tHore. 546 M&rket
rt. : tel. Main IM4. Branch 13 Third st
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianoe: no removal; any amount;
lowest ratrs. BECKER & CO.. 25 Montgomery.
MOST reliable r'ac* to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prW for cid gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. ISO Powell »t
AT 126 Kearny ft., room ». respectable private
pla<~e to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis BSS.
ON furr.iture and riano« without removal: quick
renrice: money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
€$ and O. Doßcfc * buili:r.s. 1170 Market st
LOANS made on furniture at !'¦» r<r cent; also
loans to ealaried t>eople. HAIISHBARGER.
ZTi mils *t.. room S4. ___^____
MONEY leaned: ur.s^eurei note of any man of
ir>>d character. Prescott & Co., Phoenlx.Arix.
TO fa:arle.i ;-x»^rle: without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tous:ey Co., 221 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE party, en furniture and planes; 3%;
nc removal: no ccran;!s«!on. 6 Eddy tt. r. M.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other colJatera!. I). McRAE. 743 Mission ft
HONEY I<-2ties salaries people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge., 431 Calif.
AI'PTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 365 Parrott build-
!i:r-Mfß can secure loans on personal note,
CASH leaned to ealariea people on note without
Isdoraer. MORRULL. Cn? Examiner bulMlnu.
JCO TO I3LMO: lcwe*t rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
ar.y proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
CN furniture, r-'-*"". without removal; no
commission : private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF yeur property is mortiraced and you need
more ir.oney fe* H. MURPHY. <£0 Market tt
TO salaried men. without collateral or indorter;
oth*>r r<ropof lttons : private r-»crr.s. San Fraa-
«-i«r-o T»r--iir.t Ar*r\ry. 143 Ph»'.wn bM'M'.r.c.
MtSICAL I>STUI>IE.MS.
AS we represent the best make cf pianos in
every pratfe. frum Steinway down to low-
priced ms-kes. and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
w«? are the peoplo" from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $* cash. $6 per
rnnrrth- ether jy'.ar.'^s 13. M and $S r*r month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. K«-arny and Sutter fts.. San Francisco;
err. Thirteenth ar.d Broadway. Oakland.
A LIPT OF MONKT SAVERS.
f-srrple« frcm factory which are out of our
recular line: such makes as Weber. Hardsian.
Ccncver. Behr. Exerctt and Kir-Esbury; prices
fr.-tn $150 to $200 l«*is than re»rular price. Also
i f'irt.t'y used pianos from $137 up: easy pxy-
irTit* "Se* us this week if you want a snap.
EENJ. CI'P.TAZ Ac SON. 16 O'Farrell Et
A LARGE number cf pianos yet remain of the
Harr.lltcn-Bancroft stock; Steinway concert
crarcs Ctieke-:r.g. HaUett & Davis. Elling-
ton etc.; square*. $25 up: uprights. $50 up;
banjo* &0c up; guitars. $1 up: mandolins, $2
up Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms. 30S-312
Pest *i.. cole &gex.t Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
pianos^
ABSOLUTELY the dim and largest hou»»
wett cf Ctlcatro Is KOHLER & CHASES.
f* IS and SO O'Farrell »t. : pianos, organs and
a!! ether musical instruments of all prad?*
emJ rrlce»: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thlr.s pcMible done tv pleass and satisfy ths
customer.
KNAHE ptaaos: r.cw scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR & CHAgg. y> OFarrell Bt.
WE know that we give the best goods for the
least WXUT-. call en us and ccc our Decker.
Packard or Boothe pUnos. MALvAIS. tl3
ilarket f^
WE have Jot what you want in tt«»W«"
piano: prices 'and terms to suit MAU> AIS.
768 Market fct.
El_-y cm of our beautiful Oiympia self-playlr.g
tcusic boxes on Inttat'ir.^nts If you caa't epars
the CSS*. MAT'VAISy 765» Market Ft.
FQIICKI) «a.? of an elegant Chase Bros, piano;
beautiful upright: f*e It before purchasing:
seller will take g<;u*re as partial payment:
balance ca^h or time. Room 12 Flood bldg.
DECKHR BROS.* rlano (square) fcr sale
cheap. CCS Lwurt aye.
ETEINWAY. %V«>: ir.FtaHrr.erits $5 75 ud: rents
U up; open ev-r.ir.Gs. HEINE. 136 Ellis Bt
THE place to buy a jrood second-hand piaao:
MS up. B. F. Mu'tio Co.. 225 Putter at
GOOD Fischer: preat bargain Schmits. 16 Mc-
Al'.lFter *t.. next Hibernia Bar.k.
X76— VERY good upright piano; cost $250; for
tale on SS Installments, 1110 Post St.
prs-p; Flfcher 4 Steinway upright: eacrlflced.
KEnFFKS. ins Van N«— aye.. nr. r;eary it.
FINE large upright pia.r-o sold for storage: $100
ca&h. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st
A BARGAIN— Steinway. $123; etore open Eat
evening. H<-:n» Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis «t
DON'T buy; rest a new piano. $3 per month.
Ftr>TT-WnTA7. PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st
W G PA DOER. 412 Sacramento «t. asent for
Frar.rl* farn and Mallet? <r Davis pianos.
Qf-u>i' upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORN!NO'P. 216 McAllister ft.
fcUPKRJOK vlclir.*. rlthera. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHFAPF.ST and best In America— The Weekly
Call :€ pare*, sent to any address In tfte
Unit»4 Ftates. po-t paid. «fcr $1 per year.
-Sr-r'ICES AXD STORES TO LET.
¦BS^BB^BBaB
CA RPENTER ahop to let. U Turk st.
VALENCIA. SS3. near Twenty-flrst -Large •!•.
gact store; rear rooms; large basement.
FOR rent— Elegant offices In Y. M. C. A.
I:u1l«!lrc M»f^r, and Kill* ft*.
I»AL.MIS>TIIV.
J!ME. Neergaard. Pres. Bt. Gerniain Collegs of
P«lmlrtry. read* 1 to 8. Clt Geary, nr. June*.
GO to Watssn: "only" natural palmist and oe-
rtilt mxilum; r^»dln«-f 2Sc. Itel Market st.
"WILL J. L. EDMUNDSON (printer) scad his
addreta to GEO. I>. FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
MIES SHELLON. chiropodist and business ad-
vice. tLO Market st., second floor, room J7.
LEI^EREH'S Quintcnica hair tonic really beau-
tifies the hair, 30c bottle; Lederer's Foamo
Rfcampoo f.c package; it's great. 123 Stockton, j
A NEW place to have your hair dressed stylish-
ly: epecial this week, 20c; shampooing-, 2uc;
switches made from your own hair, 75c; open
evening*, Sundays, from 8 a. m. to 12. Syrf
Market «... corner Sixth; parlors 112-113.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LEDEKEII restores gray haJr to Its natural
<<-Kr for $1 Ut to 55; uses Scheffler 1 * Colortne.
75c box; the very latest hair styles only 25c
113 Etuckten st.
IiELLE— Oudry Is not a lady; he Is a photcg-
> ; !.f-r In Oakland.
HUE. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic frcm her
wxalerfully girted tar. is. Ui3 Howard at.
PERSONALS.
lins. DR. L. BURGEP. late matron of Ger-
man UosoitaL N. V., specialist for bladder,
kidney, skin diseases and cancer, offlce 106
Fcurth et. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. San
Mateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer on
my left leg. I was treated by Mrs. Burger,
K< Fourth st. and certify that I was cured
In a thort time. Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
DR. PARKER treats all nervous, chronic,
throat and catarrhal diseases. 1027 Market st.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bough.;
tend postal. COLEMAN'S. 606 Kearny st
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS, IU7 Market «t.
between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS on easy installments from Imported or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
C 32 Kearny et, between Sacramento and Cali-
fornia.
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
*uit« made to order: ft cuar. 2 Elchth »t
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Srott: phone Stelner 339 L
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden st, Oakland.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by using Talcott*a Curling Fluid; 2S
rents bctt.e.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third st. near Market: 100 rooms;
250 to $1 50 per nlcht; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry..
IF yea wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
LADIES' and rents' cast-off clothing bought and
rcli. Silverrrian. S*4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA far carment*. hoods, mitts, leather
ccats. H. M. HKINKMAN, 109 Sansome St.
CHFAPFST arid be«t in America— The Weekly
Cull. It pages, cent to any address In ths
Unltel States or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AND SUKGEOK9.
DR. C. C. ODCNNELL— OffIce and residence.
r::r~. Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A WEEK? new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1* rae^n 'n wmrp'r. 'or matlinr. tl per year.
KIiAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
$17.600— Rect* $1525 per annum; Sacramento st,
near Polk; 46x67 ft; 5 flats.
$12,500— Rents $1208 per annum; Fifteenth st,
near liuward; Cvxi'.j ft; < flats and 2
stores.
$10,000— Items $S4O p«r annum: SW. cor.; on
Fillmore st; 48 ft. frontage; store and
5 fiats.
$6,soo— Bush st. near Polk; bargain; lot 27:6 x
120 ft, back to Fern aye.; double front-
ages; lot alone worth JSCOO; improve-
ments, 2 houses, 2 flats; rents $04.
$B,ooo— Rents $S4S per annum: Fifteenth st, nr.
Guerrero; 3 flats; lot 25x100 ft.
$s,7so— Rents $Jl5 per annum; Clayton st, near
Waller; 2 modern flats; 25x10* ft.
$5,500— 0n Minna, through to rear street; 9-
room house and 3 flats; rents )4SO per
annum.
$S,oCO— Jessie et. near Sixth; 3 flats on lot "Zx
F5; rents $4SO per annum.
SZ. OOO— Baker st. near Washington; key lot, 23
x 112:6 ft; 2 flats; rents $600 per annum.
$4,000 — Guerrero st, near Twentieth; 2 flats;
rents $COO per annum; lot 25x100 ft.
$3,800 — Elizabeth St., near Castro: stores and
flats; rents $408 r>er annum.
$2.Boo— Three flats; lot 22:6x62; Rondell st, near
Sixteenth.
$2,000— Welch st.. near Fourth; 2 flats: lot 30x
M ft; rents $252 per annum.
12.000— Tehama st. near Fourth; 2 cottages; lot
25x75 ft.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME.
$3,250 — Built to order: new house; 6 rooms and
bath, porcelain tubs, tile mantels, gas
grates, china closets, pretty artistic
front; iron fence; cement v.alk; bitumen
street; cars pass the door; Mission warm
belt; will make terms.
$5.100 — New, elegant modern 7-room house,
built day's work; :5xK6 ft.
$3,250— Diamond st, near Seventeenth; 25x125
ft. ; modern cottace 7 rooms.
$2,800 — I^exington aye., near Twenty-flrst st.;
22:6x70; 2-story house; 6 rooms and bath.
$13,500— NW. cor. Pacific and Broderick sts.; 45x
127:8 ft.
$1,750 — SW. cor. Twenty-fifth and Castro sts.;
2fjxSo ft
$LSOJ — Twenty-third St.. near Vermont; cozy,
nice-appearing cottase of 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100 ft.
OTHER PROPERTIES IN CHRONICLE AND
BULLETIN.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CSS MARKET STREET.
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27.500— Paciflc-ave. residence; elegant. modern
residence; 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
fcr an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
S6soO— Octavia st.. near Broadway; two-story
residence cf 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
r'-r.tp ?45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st. Treat
aye., 12th and 14th sts., being offered in subdi-
visions; call at office and get diagram; $12wO
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$«,oCo— Third-st. corner; 137:6x137:6; store and
flats; good improvements; rents $250.
$45.00<j — Folsom-st. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 2 frontaces; rents $170; lot 10oxS7:«.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Rltch Et. ; 5 flats; rents $42 50; lot 22x83.
JC'jOO— Rents $C 5: Natoma Ft., near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 23x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson square on La-
gur.a St.; special offering of several choice res-
idences; »re{ a diagram and particulars at offlce.
$2000— Nice suburban home; 7-room cottage,
bath, high basement; large lot. 106:6x178; near
Mission road; windmill; fish pond; every fea-
ture on country home, while being convenient
to city . -
$11,««— Pine et, near Buchanan; good mod-
ern residence; 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
plumbing, electric light?; lot 25x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
$5000— Van Ness aye.; corner; 32:6x1C9.
52750— Twenty-fourth st, near Folsom; J7:6x
100.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250— Mi1l Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath:
partly finished attic; large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CKEAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAS AND WATER SERVICE.
On very easy payments; choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and
I sts.. Eirhteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; right
on the Park and the new Ntneteenth-ave. bou-
levard; most of the lots already sold: balance
bound to tell quickly: fine investments; good
building lots: all ready: lots on official grade;
macadamized; pjank sidewalks; 6 per cent in-
terest only.
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes: elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
or.cc- go to our branch offlce to-day, cor. H st
ar.d Ninth aye.; price list*, etc.. ther.e or at our
office. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT new 14-story cottage of 7 rooms In
Excelsior Homestead, on Lisbon St., near
China aye.; part down, balance monthly pay-
ment- same as rent Particulars BALDWIN
St HOWELL.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$2250— $210 ca*h, balance monthly, same as
rent; owner Is compelled to sell; pretty bay-
window cottage, on Eureka St., near 19th; con-
tains 5 large rooms, porcelain bath, open
plumbing; splendid finished basement; close to
Castro and 18th-Bt. car lines.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
PAYS OVER 14 PER CENT.
•6250— Four new flats. 1 block north of Mar-
ket st • contain 6 and 6 rooms, porcelain baths,
latent' Vanitary plumbing; biggest kind of a
bargain LYON' A HOAG. 114 Montgomery St.
BAKER-ST. RESIDENCE.
?Koo— Baker-st boulevard, near Fulton; 2-
story house: & extra large rooms, bath, etc;
lot 25x121: 10*.
$4750— Park panhandle district; new house of
7 rooms, bath, etc.: sun shines in every room;
will be cold on terms almost as easy as rent;
fine large lot; on car line; pleasantly situated;
good neighborhood; a very desirable home In
every respect: price is very low.
LYON £ HOAG. 114 Montgomery st
~~' A BARGAIN.
$lO,&o>— Baker st. near Fulton; large lot, 70x
96:104. with improvements; rented for' $75;
land alone worth the price.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st
PAYS OVER 7 PER CENT NET.
$14 00— Choice corner, within 3 blocks of
Market st and Van Ne?-s aye.; 2-story bulld-
Ine on corner; store and flats: the store has
been occupied by same tenant for years; new
building: 2 new up-to-date flats adjoining;
everything rented: large lot.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st
IT'S O X for future and for now; Vallejo St.,
bet Steiner and Pierce: will build homes to
suit. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
BARGAIN— Eaey payments; $2850; house of 7
rooms and bath; 121 Alvarado st, near Cas-
tro. Apply on premises 1 to i p. m.
BARGAIN— Fcr sale, fine sunny residence, 11
rooms bath, attic and basement; modern;
perfect crder; grand view; large lot 80x114;
electric cars; might exchange In part for
smaller house, or grood lot. Address D. J.
MURPHY. 60S California et. rooms 30 and 31.
SACRIFICE — New 9-room. S-story house: lot
r6 : 9xl00: with chicken house, etc: suitable
fcr flats: must be sold; make an offer; $2010
or lesis. SHADBUP.NE..6I6 Sacramento st
UAVK you real estate in the Mission or Hom-
er's Addition that you wish to dispose of
ih, n call en W. J. GTTNN. 639 California st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 18 paces,, sent to any address In ths
United States, postpaid, for II per year.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April IT.
Stmr Noyo. Fosenr HVi hours from Fort
Bran.
Schr Ralph J Long, Isigkeit. 7 days from
Sluslaw River.
CI^EARED
Tuesday. April 17.
Haw bark Manna Ala. Smith. Honolulu; J D
S^reckels & Bros Co.
Schr Penelope. Hoffman, whaling; H E
Hoffman.
Schr Chas Lerl Woodbury, Falkxsan. Kodlai:
North American Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. April IT.
U S stmr Hancock. Struve, Manila.
Br stmr Doric. Smith. Hongkong, etc.
Stmr Newbunr, Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Bragg*.
Stmr Coca Bay, Shea. San Pedro.
Stmr Alcatrax. Carlson. .
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. Rockport.
Simr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Guaymaa.
Stmr Gicsy. Leiand. Santa Crua.
Sbip Susqushanna. Bailey. Hilo.
Bark E'.tctra. Petemen. Alitak.
Haw bark Mauna. Ala. Smith. Honolulu.
Schr Laura May. Hanwn, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 17. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind west velocity 10 miles.
SPOKEN
March It no lat. lon 70 W— Br ship Montgom
eryshire, hence Jan 4. for Queenstown.
March S3. lat 10 N., lon 25 W— Haw bark WUI
scott, from Shields, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS
ORCA— Arrived April 7— Stmr Valencia. henc#
March W.
GRAY 3 HAKBOn— Arrived ADril 1»-Schr
John F Miller, from San Pedro.
UMPQUA— Arrived April l*-3chr Sadie, from
San Pedro* _
SEATTLE— Arrived April 16— Stmr Mary o
Hume, from Hunters Bay; stmr HumboWt,
from Skazuay.
Sailed April IS — Stmr Francis Alice, for Capa
Nome. ALfrll 17— Scnr Fischer Brother*, for
Cap* Nome.
USAL— Arrived April 17— Stmr Luella, hene»
A SAN PEDRO-Salled Anrtl 17-Schr Alice, for
Eureka. _ ,
ASTORIA — Sailed Anrtl U — Stmr» D«t
Korte and Geo W Elder, fir San Francisco.
EUnEKA— Arrived April 17— Stmr Samoa.
hence Arril 1<- , ? ,_
PORT TOWXPENTV— Pa.«sed Inward Arrtl 17
— Br stmr Goodwin, from Honskonj.
Arrived Inward Aortl IT— Br barli Achnashle.
from Vancouver. »-~~
Arrived April 17— Ger ship Llsbeth. trvra
Hloso. and proceeded t" Tacoma: Br ship Broa
ctk Castle, from Hongkong; schr Orient, from
Honolulu. .-* . _
ALBlON— Sailed April 17— Stmr Souta Coast,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 17— SUcr Noyo.
for San FraaeUco.
Arrived April 17— Stmr National City. nenc«
A"rll 18.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Cleared Ajirll IS— Br »tmr Aeaja,
for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH — Arrived April IS— Ger »h!p
Adolf, from Oregon.
IQUlQUE— Arrived March 15— Ger stmr Octa
via. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
In port March 17— Ger shlD Wilhelmlne. for
Puget Sound: Ital ship Francesco Clampa, for
San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived ADril 17— Br ship
Cour.ty of Cardizan. from Fraser River.
QIECNSTOWN— Arrived April 17— Br ship
Leyland Brothers, from Portland.
SHIELDS— SaiIed April 15— Ital baric ilalpo.
for Santa Ronalla.
SYDNEY— SaiIed April 15— Br ship Thallata,
°HONOLULU— Arrived March 31— Schr Lottl«
Bennett, from Port Townsend; schr Allen A.
from Eureka. April 1-Bark Mohican, henc*
March 13. April 2-Schr Alice Cooke. henc.
March 9: bark Alden B^sse. hence March IS.
schr Transit, hence March II: Hwterk Dia
mond Head, hence March 7. AprtlJ-Schr Ber
tie Minor, from Eureka, April *-Sc^Mf;»
E Smith, from Port Townsend April £-Bkt»
Addenda, from Iquique. April 5-Schr Helene.
from Port Blakeley. April «— Ship Jat*x Howes,
from Tacoma: Nor bark Fortuna, from New
castle Aua; Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. nance
March SI. April 7-Schr ChAS R Wilson, from
Aberdeen: schr Pioneer, from Aberdeen ; *trnr
Czarina, hence March 2S. April S- P , ch £_ £ «
Smith, from Port Townsend. April %— Bark
Rufus E Wood, from Newcastle. Aus: L S
etmr Grant, hence Anril 1. Aortl 10— Jap itmr
Nlpnon Mani. from Yokohama.
Sailed March 31-Brir W C Irw'n. for San
Francisco; schr Orient, for San Francisco: Ital
war stmr Calabria, for Yokohama. April 1—
Fris John D Spreckels. for Guam. April J—
Ship Chas E Moody, for Tacoma: bark n:*?J
lands. for Port Townnend. ADrtl 6— Br baric
Halen Denny, for Eureka: Br bark Aiderbaran.
for Bakers Island: bark Seminole. for Port
Townsend: ship Cyrus Wakefleld. f or San Fran
cisco. April *— Bark Albert, for San Francisco:
schr Prosper, for Port Townsend. April 7— Jap
stmr Hongkong Maru. for Yokohama; Br bark
East African, for Port Townsend.
HlLO— Arrived March 13— Bktn S O Wilder.
hence Feb 27. March 30— Aus stmr Slam, hence
March 11. March 23— Br stmr Lennox, from
Port Townsend. March 28— Stmr Cleveland.
from Klhei. March 30— Bark Amy Turner, hnc
March 9. April 3— Br stmr Port Stephens, from,
"^"port April s— Bktn Irmgard. hence March
13
Sailed March 25— Bri* Geneva, for Port
Townsend. March 2S— Br stmr Lennox, for
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Arrll s— Nor rtmr Thy
ra. for San Diegr>. April 13— Br stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver. April 17— Br stmr
Coptic, for San Franc'.sco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NETS' YORK— Sailed April 17— Stmr Lahn. ria
Cherbourg and Southampton.
BREMEN— Arrived April 17— Stmr rrtederieh»
<!er Groese. from New York, via Southampton.
at his late residence. 1364 Fourteenth street.
Oakland. Interment rrivate. Please omit
flowers.
MORRIS— In this city. April 15. 1900. Abra-
ham, beloved husband of Fannie Morris, and
father of Mrs. Belle Helman. Mrs. Joseph
Helman. Mrs. Isidor Franklin. Mrs. William
Osterman and Blanche. Samuel. Harry. Clar-
ence and Edwin Morris, a native of Kempen.
Prussia, aged 70 years. •
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ta attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:U o'clock, from his late
residence. 1-07 Ellis street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and T<vw««>Tirt str«ot«
mwu "iini uiu lownsena sirens.
OFFICERS and member* of the Flr»t Hebrew
Benevolent Society: You ara herebr respect-
fully requested to attend the funeral of our
late member, A. Morris, this morning, at 10:13
o'clock, from his late residence. 907 Ellis
street. S. ZEKIND. .Secretary.
OFFICERS and member* of the Congregation
Shcrith Israel are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late- member. Abraham
Morris, from 907 Ellis street, this day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Sec.
MURPHY— In Oakland, April 15. 1900, Daniel
D.. beloved brother of William and Thomas
Murphy, a native of Knockatoone. parish of
Roock Chapel. County Cork. Ireland, aeed 26
y?ars.
E5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, »10 Natcma. street, thence to
Sf. Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing- at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 17. ISOO. Mary
O'Brien, beloved sister of Mrs. Edward Hall,
a native of St. Catherines. Province ef On-
tario. Canada, aged £6 years.
iT7"Fri«:niis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1T.3 Julian avenue, thence to Mission
• Dolores Chutch. where mass will be offered
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city. April 14. 1900. Frank
M. Petersen. dearly beloved son of Wilhei-
mina Petersen and the late Nlcolal Petersen.
and brother of Ernest and Otto Petersen. and
grandson of Mrs. Wilheimina Schussler. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 4 months
and 7 days.
(TTTrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. 1574 Folsom street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, thence to St
Charles Borromeo Church, corner Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, for services, commen-
cing at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
RAUN— In Oakland. April 1«, 1900. Ol«u be-
loved wife \of Hans Raun. and mother of
Julian Raun. a native of Denmark, azed 27
years « months and 11 days.
ROPENER— In this city, April 17. 19M. Samuel,
beloved husband of Fanny Rosener. and
father of Nettie. Daisy. Emma. Charles.
Hilda and Leiand Rosener. a native of Ger-
many, aged 61 years 11 months and S days,.
£7" Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from Temple Em-
anu-El, Sutter street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11:43 o'clock. By
BDeclal request please omit flowers.
SCHNEIDER— In this city. April 17. 1900. Peter,
beloved husband of Mrs. Clara Schneider,
father of Conrad. Martin. Peter and Joseph
Schneider and Mrs. Raymond Huber. and
¦ brother of Mrs. Lizzie Voltz and Martin
Schneider, a native of Oesthelm. Hessen-
Darmstadt. Germany, aged 67 years 1 month
and I days.
. PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Drayage— General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco, CaL, April 16, 1300.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city of San Francisco,
Cal., for the fiscal year commencing July 1.
1900. will be received at this offlce until U
o'clock a. m.. on Thursday, the 17th day of
May, 1900. and then opened. The Government
reserves the right to reject any or all pro-
posals. /All necessary information will be
furnished on application to this office. O3-
CAR F. LONG. Assistant Quartermaster. U.
S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.'
11<>4. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olda ; purse. $430.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK. Tuesday. April 17. 1500— Weather fine. Track fast.
DIED.
Beasley, Elizabeth Lamey, John
Brown. Annie Madden. Hanora
Cunningham. Wm. Maier. Christina
Forey. Bridcet Mecke. Anna B.
Glllett. Martin M. Miller, Albert
Hanratty. Elizabeth Morris, Abraham
Harria. Moale Murphy, Daniel D.
Harvey. Arthur O'Brien. Mary
Harvey. Johanna Petersen. Frank M.
Hendrlcks. Eunice Raun. Olga
Johnson. John R. Rosener. Samuel
Label. Sophie Schneider. Peter
BEASLEY— In this city. April 17. 1900, Eliza-
beth E.. beloved wife of Richard Beasley,
loving mother of William, Josephine. Loretta.
Veleata. Ruth and Roy Beasley, oldest and
l.cloved dauEhter of the late Patrick and
Bridget Du?an of Smartavllle, Yuba County,
Cal., and loving Bister of Mrs. M. A. Cul-
berson, William Dugan and the late Mrs.
Abbie Butterworth, a native of Sharon,
Haw., aged 33 year,s 4 months and 8 daya.
BJ"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8.30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ISI Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
April 17. 1900, Annie Brown, a native of
Washington, aged 40 years.
CUNNINGHAM— Entered into rest. Aorll 17.
1300, William Cunningham, son of the late
Commodore R. B. Cunningham, U. S. N.. and
brother of Mrs. M. E. Steele and Mrs. J. W.
C. Maxwell, a native of Washington, D. C.
(Washington. D. C.» Baltimore, Md., and Nor-
folk. Va., raperj please copy.)
FOREY— In this city. April 16, 1900. Bridget
Forey. a native of the parish of Keash, Coun-
ty Sligo. Ireland, aged 62 years.
Zpr friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, between Third and Fourth, thence to
St Patrick's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Intrment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GILLETT— In this city. April 16. 1900. Martin
M. Glllett. well known among the business
men along the water front, a native of Ver-
mont, aged S4 years.
KTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HANRATTY— In this city. April 15. 1900, Eliza-,
beth H.. beloved daughter of Peter and Eliza-
beth Hanratty, and granddaughter of Mar-
garet and the late John Brown, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 7 months and 3
days.
(CTRemalns at 20 Fifth street. Funeral pri-
vate.
HARRIS— In this city, Mosle. beloved son of
Henry and the late Blumchen Harris, brother
of Nate, Rose and George Harris, and step-
son of Regina Harris, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased 14 years 9 months and 8 days.
HARVEY— In this city. April 17, 1900, Arthur,
beloved son of Arthur and Elizabeth Harvey,
and brother of Annie, Mamie, John, Eliza-
beth and Agnes Harvey, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 16 days.
H \RVEY— In this city, April 17. 1900, Johanna,
beloved wife of the late William Harvey, and
father of Hebbert, William and Grace Har-
vey, a native of Ireland, aged SS years.
tdTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1301 Broadway, thence to St. Brigld's
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENDRICKS— In Oakland, April 17, 1900, Eu-
nice Hendrlcks, beloved sister of Sarah E.
Hendncks, a native of Indiana, aged t>7 years
3 months and 10 days.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 17. 1900, John R.,
beloved husband of Katie Johnson, father of
Josle and Katie Johnson, and stepson of Mar-
tin Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged
2a years.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
LABEL— ln' this city, April 17, 1900. Sophie,
beloved wife of Solomon Label, mother of
Helen and Abraham Label, sister of Mrs. B.
Ansberj, Mrs. J. Hershlng. Mrs. L. Cohn
and Mrs. S. Koenlgstein, and sister-in-law of
Jacob and Richard Label, a native of Lu-
bentz, Bohemia, aged 40 years.
LAMEY— In this city. April 16, 1900. John, be-
loved son of James and Lizzie Lamey, and
brother of Mrs. J. W. Hughes. P. F.. T. 8.,
J H T J-. M. E.. L. J., W. V.. K. F., L.
H H. M. and F. L. Lamey. a native of
County TipDerary, Ireland, aged 23 years.
ryThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. »35 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rtck's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mcunt Calvary Cemetery.
MADDEN— In this city. April 16. 1900. Hanora,
relict of the late David Madden, and mother
of Jeremtah and J. W. Madden and Mrs. Wil-
liam Cronan and the late D. H. Madden, a
native of Ireland. (Boston, Mass.. and \lc-
toria, B. C, papers please copy.)
C7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 17 Baker street, thence to St. Agnes
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rerose of her soul, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
MAIER— In this city, April 16, 1900. Christine
Maler, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Henry
Hauser Mrs. Paul Kolterjohn and Conrad.
Jacob. Henry and Carl Maier. a native of
Baden, Germany, aged 73 years 8 months and
6 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1005 Capp street, between Twenty-
flfth and Twenty-sixth, thence to the United
Evangelical German Church. Twenty-fourth
street, between Treat avenue and Harrison
street, where services will be held, com-
menclnc at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. o. ¦ ; -v .:...,-
MECKE-In this city. April 15. 1900. Anna 8.,
dearly beloved wife of Andreas Mecke. and
mother of Anna. Andreas Jr. and Agnes
Mecke. a native of Koln am Rheln. Germany,
aeed 44 years 10 months and 2S days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Eight.
MAREIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Andrew T. Lowell, 32, 2111 Larkin street, and
Alice E. Kennedy, 25, 4053 Seventeenth street.
Patrick McGefflgan, 23, city,' and Mary Grant.
29, city.
Orvll P. McFeron, 24, Vallejo. and Elizabeth
K. VoKle, 24. Butte, Mont.
John F. Mainiire. 35, Marysville. and Agnes
J. A. Kruger, 22, Marysville.
Joseph Shanzer. 44. 1129 Pierce street, and
Sarah Lindheimer, 32, 222 Van Ness avenue.
Frank M. Murphy, 27. 253 Seventh street, and
Ellen A. Hearty, 26, 4 Federal street.
Felix Phillips. 32, Olema. and Maria Fag-
nettl, 2L city. r f.-.
John Jasper, 40. Ruby Valley, Nev., and
Katherine O'Farrell. 28, 142 Fell street
Lloyd W. Moultrie, 31, Fresno, and Susan F.
Edelen. 22, city.
- Thomas H. Armstrong-, 22, city, and Kat» A.
Harte, 21. city.
Charles Pemartlnl. 21, 515 Union street, and
Delia Lazzari, 16, 1114 ft Montgomery street.
- Joseph B. Coryell, 30. city, and Mabel L.
Je«sur>. 23. city.
Elias Levy, 27, 1445 McAllister street, and
Phoebe S. Wolf, 17. 632 Golden Gate avenue.
Eugene J. Reeves, 23. 390 Bryant street, and
Helene Levy, 22, 1302 Filbert street.
Otto D. Stoesser, 30, Watsonvllle, and Kath-
arine E. Lemman, 30, city.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. XJMBSEN & CO '
> 14 Montgomery Street
AUCTION AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION AUCTION
At our salesroom. TUESDAY. April 24. 13C0,
at 12 o'clock Noon.
Peremptory Sale.
The two following properties to be offered :
without limit or reserve:
No. 1.
$09 Montgomery aye., SW. line, bet. Green- ¦
wich and Lombard sts., Z flats of 5 rooms
each, rents $24 per month; street accepted;
lot, 23:7^x65:6, Irregular.
No. 2.
1305 Powell st, W. line, bet Pacific and
Broadway sts., store and 2 flats of 3 and 4
rooms each; rents $27 per month; cement
walk; street" accepted; lot, 22:6x45:10.
Executors' Sale.
The two following properties, subject to
confirmation by the court: -
No. 1.
1727 Green st. S. line. bet. Gough and Oc-
tavia sts.. bay-window house of 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; cement walk; ttreet
bitumlnlzed; rent $30 per month; lot 26:6 x
. 127:6.
no. a.
15th st, S. line. 120 ft. W. of Castro st.
bulidlng- lot 40x103 :4V».
To Close and Estate.
SE. Drumm and Commercial sts., 2 stores
and dwelling; rents $-5 per month; one block
from Market st. and the Ferries; lot 30x75,
with an L.
Sixteenth Street Business Property.
3010 Sixteenth st. N. line. bet. Mission and
Valencia sts., store and flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rent $50 per month; brick foundation;
etone walk; street accepted; lot 25:6x110.
Post Street Investment
1747-1751 Po6t st, S. line, bet. Buchanan
and Webster sts. 2 two-story bay-window
dwellings of S and 8 rooms and bath each;
rents $70 per month; street accepted; lot, 55
x 137:6.
Carl Street Cottage.
156 Carl st, N. line, bet. Stanyan and
Shrader sts.. bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; lot, 25x137:6.
Natoma Street Investment
922 to 524 Natoma st. NW. line, bet 10th and
11th sts.. 3 two-story dwellings of 6 rooms
and bath each: rents $54 per month; brick
foundation, stone walks, etc. ; street bitumln-
' ized; lot, 50x75.
Clementina Street Investment
672-4-6-8 and 6SO Clementina st, NW. cor.
Sumner. near Bth st., 5 two-story frame
dwellings of 6 rooms each; rents $70 per
month; both streets accepted; lot, 72xS0.
Executors' Sale.
The two following properties, subject to
confirmation by the court:
No. 1.
25th and Capp sts., NW. cor., residence of
11 rooms and bath, brick foundation stone
walk, etc. ; both streets bitumlnized; lot, 36x
115 to rear alley.
No. 1
Harvard st. NE. line, bet Woolsey and
Dwlght sts.. lot 100x120, being lot 6 In block
106, University Mound Homestead.
Foreclosure Sale.
630 Guerrero «t., W. line, bet. ISth and 19th
sts., bay-window cottage of 5 rooms: brick
foundation, stone walk, etc.; street bitumin-
ized; lot. 36x90, irreg-ular.
For further particular apply at our offlce.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO., Auctioneer*.
14 Montgomery Street
ltk.Al, LSl'A'l'li tOU.MKV Kor Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range in sine from 10 to
40 acres and now sold to Induce Immediate
action at low prices and eaßy terms; home-
seekcrs will never regret securing one of these
hemes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (in-
cluding high school); macadamized roads: I
railroad trains daily from San Francisco;
water for irrigation when desired: superior to
Southern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the superior soils and all other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far below
those a*ked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable in excellence; there is no more
independent life than the small diversified
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as JIM per acre; you can leave
Kan Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esparto, and back to San Francisco
early the same evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Ksparto. to t-how you the
lanflp. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
SAN LEANDRO— A bargain; 6-room bay-win-
dow cottage: lot 100x125: actelyne: apricot
trees barn, chicken houses; 5 minutes to elec-
tric cars or S. P. local. Address S. PARKE,
San Leandro.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale in Coiusa
County: 1240 acres; $10 per acre: 500 grain,
rest hill land. M. S. CHANDON. Marys-
vllle. Cal.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley.- near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
maps, etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. Bt
1. W. HORN. Sl2 Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belclan hares. Send
fcr free list of Fonnmw County bargain*.
RANCH TO KENT. "
FOR rent— l 2 acres of finely cultivated orchard
and house of 9 rooms: all modern Improve-
ments; would be suitable for summer board-
ing place; rent reasonable. Address DR.
CONRAD, 2116 Peary St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUShT~7I3— Two"large sunny basement rooms;
complete for housekeeping; range, sink.
CALIFORNIA. 2523—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged; private family.
FIFTH. 353— 3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing. $13 50: 2. $10; also single, $5 up.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— s7; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
GEARY, 40S— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent $20.
GUERRERO, 1147— Bedroom and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping; $10.
HOWARD, E2s— Front room; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 711, near Third— A nice furnished
front room for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 326, cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegantly
furnished housekeeping apartments; exclusive
use cf kitchen.
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
front housekeeping rooms; $13.
MARKET. IMS— Large room and kitchen, fold-
ing bed. $10; 4 small rooms unfurnished, $10.
MARTHA place, 2. off Geary, near Taylor— 2
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA, 707, cor. Eighth— Front bay-window
rcom, closet, all complete for housekeeping;
$?.
MINNA. £73. near Seventh— Large front room
ar.d kitchen; yard; sun all day; cheap.
OAK. 113—1 larje front parlor; running water;
furnished for housekeeping; $9; others cheap.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor floor; 2 to 5 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
POST, 943— Two newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping.
POWELL, 1401—2 or 3 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping, with gas and bath.
SOUTH PARK. 184— One or two front sunny
rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st _J_l_'
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Unfurn.
A FURNISHED house of 4 rooms for house-
keeping will be rented for $12 per month to a
reliable family: reference required. Inquire
at 1011 Mascn st.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth— Rooms
Zsc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush st, ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 7C5 (St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
ELLIS, 736— Nicely furnished rooms; single and
en suite; running water, bath; board optional.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
. Ed rooms; suites or single; travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 730— Sunny furnished
room: light housekeeping; privilege of parlor.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
eingle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission st— Select
family rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HANOVER HOUSE, 827 A Howard st, nr. 4th—
Changed hands; thoroughly renovated; house-
keeping and single.
HARRISON. 754V4. near Fourth— Finely fur^
nlsbed. sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week ut>. •
HOWARD, 829— Rooms from $1 week' up to $5;
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE. 230— Well furnished single front room.
MCALLISTER, 30r-> furnished rooms; sunny.
MARKET, 624—18 rooms, furnished; "rent rea-
sonable; also 4, 6 and 9 rooms. ,
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— New. furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient
MISSION, 837 A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK, 'Prop.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished • rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
"»OOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ORLANDO House, SS9 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms; prices to suit; open night
POST 41S, near Powell— Sunny furnished
. rooms, with bath; suite or single. '
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
eultes or singles; running water; gas; reas.
HOSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $3 to $20; elevator on offlce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. lil4, bet. Hyde and Larkln—
Large sunny front room elegantly furnished;
modern: appreciated If seen.
SAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor st, near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator* new
furniture: hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths: suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth . st,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SHIPLEY. 259—8 rooms, $12; 4 rooms. $7; house
new. See owner 1151 Guerrero st
iTOCKTON, 12 (over Pup Rotisserie) — Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to $30.
THE Astor 1120 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture: single, suites; trans' t.
THE OAKS 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TURK 543^ — Large single room for gentleman;
bath;' private family; $1 25 per week.
VERY sunny front room: Van Ness; partly fur-
nished; for lady wishing opportunity for
French and music. Box 12C6, Call offlce. '.;:
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22<X> Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
A^fIrST^CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms: first-class
table- prices moderate; 2 car lines pass uotel:
elevator- telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
Bt; corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
THE Schmledel Mansion, SE. cor. Post and
Leavenworth — High-class boarding-house ;
sunny rooms, with private bath; fine lawn;
table a specialty: references. '
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences: rates reasonable.
ONE furnished room and board. Apply 24 Flor-
id ast ;
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and single rms.: sunny; excellent table.
HQTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy; changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS. IS2O Market »t— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
. board: furnished and unfurnished; $20.
* SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake rt. has received the
following orphan and hafl-orphan girls fr.om
January 1 to March 31. 1900: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marlon V.
Crane, aged 9 years; Mary Woodd, ag,ed 10
years 6 months: Ella M. Hunaker-Engler,
aged 9 years 5 months: Mabel Pozzi. aged 12 I
years; Ellse Poggl. nged 9 years 4 months:
Ethel Marion Gould, aged 6 years: Mabel
Benbow, eyed 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
aged 6 years 5 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
palntlne dnne. Hartman Paint Co.. SI 1 * Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, fold: machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce, 401 Post st. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage" and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore Et. ; phone Jackson 2^l.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market st. ;
tel. South 535: packing, moving and storage.
TO LEASE*.
TO Lease — All or part of vacant property: 95x
160; on Mission St., near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner, box Sl"0. Call. ¦¦ •- -
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$SO<y— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottage* sunny side of street; 3 blocks from
station and school; terms $100 cash, $10 per
month.
$1900 — New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
$1630 cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st
BARGAINS ON TERMS.
E, 6 and 7 room cottages; 7, 8 and 9 room
houses; waterfront property; lot 65x195, on
Certtral aye., near Fifth st. ; double IVi-story
house: rents for $24; price $22. Apply to A.
R. DENKE. Webster-st. station.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let— House of 6 rooms, bath, pantries, large
garden chicken yard, large stable; low rent.
Call on premises. 162! Broadway, near broad
gauge station, or R. O. WILKE, 906 Market
st.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND Heights— Fine' new modern colonial
house of 8 rooms; Just finished; everything up
to date; built by day's labor; will be sold for
cash or on easy payments at 25 per cent less
than lot and house could be duplicated for;
see this if you want a home. JAMES S.
NAISMITH, 452 Ninth st.
FOR sale— Two 4-room cottases; North Oak-
land, near San Pablo aye, : both lots 66x100;
pays In rent 11H per cent on price asked;
every prospect of Increase In value. Address
box 2755. Call offlce. Oakland.
" OAKLAND ROOMS.
SINGLE room or suite for 2 gentlemen or gen-
tleman and wife. Box 2753. Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL,*-..
AN »ntroductlon to you from H. Schellhaas, ths
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER CO.. 226 Market St..
San Francisco— Notice.— There is delinquent
upon the following 1 described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March,
ISOO the several amounts eet opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Ifanie — Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Spreckels.. 1 33,313 1-3 $999 40
Chas. A. Hug. 7 20 60
And in accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. ISOO, so many shares of each parcel of
eu'-h as may be necessary will be sold at the
offlce of the company, 226 Market street, San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April, 1900, at 3
' p m. of such day. to pay delinquent assess-
ments .thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising; and expenses of the sale.
- F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's . Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, April 16. 1300— At a
regular meeting- of the board of directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April. 13, 1900.
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 78 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchineon Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the offlce
of the company. 327 Market St., on and after
Friday, - April 20, 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April I*. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. - E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of THOMAS M.
CLUFF, deceased. Notice Is hereby given by
the undersigned executdrs of the last will
.and testament of THOMAS M. CLUFF. de-
- ceased, to the creditors of and all persons
having claims agatnst the said. deceased, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers,
within ten months after the. first publication
of this notice to the said executors at the
office of John H. Dickinson, .room 25, third
floor. Mills building. San Francisco, the same
being their place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California.
.....-- WILLIAM CLUFF,
W. A. HALSTEAD,
A. E. CHENEY,
Executors of the Estate of THOMAS M.
CLUFF, Deceased.
• Dated at San Francisco, March 20, 1900.
JOHN H. DICKINSONV attorney for estate.
11
Index. Horse. Weight. ?St. U,
1075) Rollick 1131 1 77.
10SO Ada N 1001 3
1080 Carllee I*>! 2
1095 St. Rica WT| 4
El Orient© 10S 5
10S0 Ada Fox IOOi Left ...
%
1 h
3 1
3 2
4 13
S
%
1 I .
3 S
2 2
4 23
5
Str.
1 1
33
Fin.
1 1
•I 4
3 3
4 100
I
I Jockey.
(H. Shields....
Buchanan ...
Mounce
Logue
Alexander ...
iHelnson
::i
Bettl
I I" 2
3
r,
I 5-2
W
.lm
_C
|
Index. Horse. Age. \\elght-ISt.
"^ Genua. 4 J5 1
10?4 Don tills. 5 105 5
1032 Beau Mond«, S I<W 9
S0« Clarando. 4 95 10
IC2 Mike Rice, a 109 11
107S St. Apolllnaiiß. 4...104J 3
102S Sallle Goodwin, 6... 85.12
1037 Gold Baron. 4 97J13
ICB7 George Miller, a.... 105 4
1032 Rlcardo. a Wl4
1002 Polka. 4 : JTjIS
1011 Aluminum, 5 I*l 2
99<) Blue Bell, a 103 «
1058 Harry Corby. 4 101J18
96> Tule. 5 M 7
103$ Sorrow. 5 .¦ 9S| 8
M.
1 2
* H
IH
9H
10 1
I 2
11
12
iH
c l
14
13
7 2
18
5H
15
11
3 1
7 4
51
41
9
10
2H
8 1
13
14
13
15
11
18
Str.
• ••
inn.
1 H
2 1
3 3
4 h
5 h
fl 4
8
9
10
11
13
13
14
15
18
I Jocaey.
~ Ranch
J. Woods...
Alexander .
Lr>irua ,
Golden
E. Ross
Mounce- ...,
Basslnger .
Ames
I. Powell...
Hunt
Buchanan .
Mr>rfran ....
Helnson ...
W. See
Poatet
up
Z
s
23
5
15
8
13
19
IS
2!>
23
3
20
a
10
5^
n.
9-5
15
40
10
30
I
13
12
8
to
100
10
60
«0
13
10
Index. Horse. "Weight. }St. X H
1085 Edsardo *1C» 1 ~ Tj
1031 St Germain 109 5 ... 8 3
10SS Reginald Hughes.. .lo9 8 ... I
IOSS Young Morello 112 3 .... I h
10S8. Sarsfleld 109 i .... . 11
108S Palatine :119 2 ... 3 1
%
3H
5 1
6
1 S
4 i
Str. Fin.
12 14
2 2 23
3% *34
41 4 1
55 5 S
I Jockey.
Ranch ....
Morgan ...
Herbert ..
J. Woods..
Fore ......
'Glover ....
lOp.
4
.. 4
.. 13
.. 7-5 :
4
d 5_
Cl
;
j
IM'
[ndex. Horte. weight. Ist.
lOW) Maydlne 103] 1
10T1 Tizona 107 3
10S9 La Borgrla 1031 7
10S5 Rio Shannon 103 8
1071) Isallne V& 2
1083 Praitome 10s] 4
1031 Letlser 100: 6
1065 Choteau I<W »
1065 Mont Eagle 10S,'10
1031 Eunello 105! 5
1 h
2 1
' 72
3 2
4 1
«H
9 3
10
84
5*
1 b
2 1
7 h
8 4
114
4 h
«H
5 I
10
»5
1 h
2 3
7 5
C 1
3 :
SH
4 h
8 4
10
9«
atr.
E 4
71
« h
8 2
91
JO
fin.
1 H
2 2
3 h
4 2
5 4 ¦
< t
7 5
8 3
9 4
10
I jocicey.
I. Powell
Buchanan ...
Mounce
H. Stuart....
E. Hess
Morgan
Ranch
W. Se«
Basslnger ..
J. W00d5....
.. I'
)Op.
3
8
S
SO
<
I
8
13
13
i
Cl.
5
13
S
co
7
I
12
30
13
10
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Vi H %
1082 Sardine, 3 82 1 ...15 1«
10S9 Rapldo. a tOS 4 ... II «J
614 Imp. Mistral H. 6.. 11 l » ... «4 4 1
1031 Klckumbob. S 97 1 ... 4 2 .5
1105 Pomplno. 4 105 t ... B » »
Ktr.
1 10
S 1
Fin, j Jockey. |Op. Cl.
110 Buchanan .... 1-4 1-13
1 b H. Stuart 75 100
1 H Basa'nser .... 15 30
4 h Mounce 15 100
» J. •Woods 4 IS-S
Index. Hone. Age. Weight. |St. H
1024 Mary Kinsella, 5.. .103 3 2 1
1073 Ace. a 105 2 3h
1073 Henry C. S JOS 4 4 1
857 Hohenlohe. 6 108 7 « H
1067 Romany. 4 101 « 6h
1073 Fashion Plate, a.. .103 » 9h
1097 Be Happy, 5. 103 W 8h
1073 Defiance. 4 10111 10 3
10D7 Miss Soak. 5 103 1 1 H
944 Joe Mussle. 8 115 12 11
IPO3 Twinkle Twlnk, «..103 S 13 t
347 Deerfoot. 6 :. .105 IS 7 H
985 Viking. « 112 IS 15
La Franc*. 5 110 i 13.
1097 Billy McCloekey. «..10S 15 14
1091 Blv. 4 11114 1«
H % Str. Fin.
11 ... 1 h 1 h
: 4 ... zi si
3 2 ... 4h J'i
7 1 ... 5 1 4h
5 H ... 3 h ah
• 1 ... 13 «4
»H ... 8 1 7 1
8 1 ... • S3
4H ... T i • 4
10 ... 10 10 S
12 ... It 11
11 ... 13 13
IS ... 13 13
'it -'-I!! 19 18
_[ Jockey. |<
Ranch •
E. Rosi
Ames
Glover
Mounc*
Buchanan ....
Gaffney ......
Cannell
J. Daly
Basslnger ....
torae
Fauntleroy ...
Kellaa
I. Powell
Golden ........
Mackltn
[Op.
3
10
10
10
10
5-2
10
CO
10
*
«
60
100
10
30
BO
Cl.
11-5
15
20
20
20
2
20
40
20
15
12
CO
100
ICO
50
100
Index. Horse. Weight. ?St. U,
1075) Rollick 1131 1 77.
10SO Ada N 1001 3
1080 Carllee I*>! 2
1095 St. Rica WT| 4
El Orient© 10S 5
10S0 Ada Fox IOOi Left ...
%
1 h
3 1
3 2
4 13
S
%
1 I .
3 S
2 2
4 23
5
Str.
1 1
33
Fin.
1 1
•I 4
3 3
4 100
I
I Jockey.
(H. Shields....
Buchanan ...
Mounce
Logue
Alexander ...
iHelnson
::i
Bettl
I I" 2
3
r,
I 5-2
W
.lm
_C
|
Index. Horse. Age. \\elght-ISt.
"^ Genua. 4 J5 1
10?4 Don tills. 5 105 5
1032 Beau Mond«, S I<W 9
S0« Clarando. 4 95 10
IC2 Mike Rice, a 109 11
107S St. Apolllnaiiß. 4...104J 3
102S Sallle Goodwin, 6... 85.12
1037 Gold Baron. 4 97J13
ICB7 George Miller, a.... 105 4
1032 Rlcardo. a Wl4
1002 Polka. 4 : JTjIS
1011 Aluminum, 5 I*l 2
99<) Blue Bell, a 103 «
1058 Harry Corby. 4 101J18
96> Tule. 5 M 7
103$ Sorrow. 5 .¦ 9S| 8
M.
1 2
* H
IH
9H
10 1
I 2
11
12
iH
c l
14
13
7 2
18
5H
15
11
3 1
7 4
51
41
9
10
2H
8 1
13
14
13
15
11
18
Str.
• ••
inn.
1 H
2 1
3 3
4 h
5 h
fl 4
8
9
10
11
13
13
14
15
18
I Jocaey.
~ Ranch
J. Woods...
Alexander .
Lr>irua ,
Golden
E. Ross
Mounce- ...,
Basslnger .
Ames
I. Powell...
Hunt
Buchanan .
Mr>rfran ....
Helnson ...
W. See
Poatet
up
Z
s
23
5
15
8
13
19
IS
2!>
23
3
20
a
10
5^
n.
9-5
15
40
10
30
I
13
12
8
to
100
10
60
«0
13
10
Index. Horse. "Weight. }St. X H
1085 Edsardo *1C» 1 ~ Tj
1031 St Germain 109 5 ... 8 3
10SS Reginald Hughes.. .lo9 8 ... I
IOSS Young Morello 112 3 .... I h
10S8. Sarsfleld 109 i .... . 11
108S Palatine :119 2 ... 3 1
%
3H
5 1
6
1 S
4 i
Str. Fin.
12 14
2 2 23
3% *34
41 4 1
55 5 S
I Jockey.
Ranch ....
Morgan ...
Herbert ..
J. Woods..
Fore ......
'Glover ....
lOp.
4
.. 4
.. 13
.. 7-5 :
4
d 5_
Cl
;
j
IM'
[ndex. Horte. weight. Ist.
lOW) Maydlne 103] 1
10T1 Tizona 107 3
10S9 La Borgrla 1031 7
10S5 Rio Shannon 103 8
1071) Isallne V& 2
1083 Praitome 10s] 4
1031 Letlser 100: 6
1065 Choteau I<W »
1065 Mont Eagle 10S,'10
1031 Eunello 105! 5
1 h
2 1
' 72
3 2
4 1
«H
9 3
10
84
5*
1 b
2 1
7 h
8 4
114
4 h
«H
5 I
10
»5
1 h
2 3
7 5
C 1
3 :
SH
4 h
8 4
10
9«
atr.
E 4
71
« h
8 2
91
JO
fin.
1 H
2 2
3 h
4 2
5 4 ¦
< t
7 5
8 3
9 4
10
I jocicey.
I. Powell
Buchanan ...
Mounce
H. Stuart....
E. Hess
Morgan
Ranch
W. Se«
Basslnger ..
J. W00d5....
.. I'
)Op.
3
8
S
SO
<
I
8
13
13
i
Cl.
5
13
S
co
7
I
12
30
13
10
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Vi H %
1082 Sardine, 3 82 1 ...15 1«
10S9 Rapldo. a tOS 4 ... II «J
614 Imp. Mistral H. 6.. 11 l » ... «4 4 1
1031 Klckumbob. S 97 1 ... 4 2 .5
1105 Pomplno. 4 105 t ... B » »
Ktr.
1 10
S 1
Fin, j Jockey. |Op. Cl.
110 Buchanan .... 1-4 1-13
1 b H. Stuart 75 100
1 H Basa'nser .... 15 30
4 h Mounce 15 100
» J. •Woods 4 IS-S
Index. Hone. Age. Weight. |St. H
1024 Mary Kinsella, 5.. .103 3 2 1
1073 Ace. a 105 2 3h
1073 Henry C. S JOS 4 4 1
857 Hohenlohe. 6 108 7 « H
1067 Romany. 4 101 « 6h
1073 Fashion Plate, a.. .103 » 9h
1097 Be Happy, 5. 103 W 8h
1073 Defiance. 4 10111 10 3
10D7 Miss Soak. 5 103 1 1 H
944 Joe Mussle. 8 115 12 11
IPO3 Twinkle Twlnk, «..103 S 13 t
347 Deerfoot. 6 :. .105 IS 7 H
985 Viking. « 112 IS 15
La Franc*. 5 110 i 13.
1097 Billy McCloekey. «..10S 15 14
1091 Blv. 4 11114 1«
H % Str. Fin.
11 ... 1 h 1 h
: 4 ... zi si
3 2 ... 4h J'i
7 1 ... 5 1 4h
5 H ... 3 h ah
• 1 ... 13 «4
»H ... 8 1 7 1
8 1 ... • S3
4H ... T i • 4
10 ... 10 10 S
12 ... It 11
11 ... 13 13
IS ... 13 13
'it -'-I!! 19 18
_[ Jockey. |<
Ranch •
E. Rosi
Ames
Glover
Mounc*
Buchanan ....
Gaffney ......
Cannell
J. Daly
Basslnger ....
torae
Fauntleroy ...
Kellaa
I. Powell
Golden ........
Mackltn
[Op.
3
10
10
10
10
5-2
10
CO
10
*
«
60
100
10
30
BO
Cl.
11-5
15
20
20
20
2
20
40
20
15
12
CO
100
ICO
50
100ill. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
NOTE.
See our disDlau of FINE CURTAINS In
PARIS POINT and RENAISSANCE,
ADVEKTJ^JQLCi^xa^^^
Life Troubles of Three Proeminent Mi nisters
We have still in stock about 400 PAIRS of on?
Special Purchase of FINE GOLDEN FLEECE
WHITE BLANKETS, These Blankets are
made from PURE AUSTRALIAN WOOL; are
in width from five feet up to seven feet six
inches? are all hound with extra aualitu wide
silk rihbon; Drices are from SS.OO to
513.00 Der pair, and are fullu twentu Der
cent less than Dresent cost to manufacture,
TURNS FROM CHURCH ALTAR
TO PLAY IN MINSTREL FARCE
Important
Announcement.
!7£gv. Set 'wards *Davis,
Sued for divorce
• •-'
ffiev, Jfennei/ifluncan
to S&0 Sentenced for jCarceny
S?ev. C. 0, 32 r own
li/ithdraws &rom SP/s Church
platform. He mapped out a course as a
preacher of the gospel, and after some
years of study in an Eastern seminary re
turned to his native town and was imme
diately seized upon by the trustees of the
then struggling Central Christian Church.
The young preacher's methods attracted
instant attention and thousands flocked
to hear him. His first innovation was to
introduce Shakespeare as a corollary to
the Bible. In his Sunday evening dis
courses he presented with much dramatic
vigor selected readings from the great
tragedies.
He preached the doctrine that many
amusements deemed harmful were inno
cent, and he ran the gamut of the social
diversions of the day. Once he did a
waltz movement in the pulpit. And all
this time the charming soprano's pretty
eyes were fastened on the clever young
preacher. Cupid played havoc in that
choir, and even after the final crash
which left Pastor Davis without a pulpit
the dainty little songbird linked fortunes
with the deposed preacher, and they
were married.
At one time Davis came into the public
eye with a signed story of an interview he
secured with Fay Strahan Moore, who
was in jail for alleged complicity in a
blackmailing robbery of a wealthy New-
York hotel man. She was paid a few
years before to have been engaged to Da
vis during one of his lecture tours in Ore
gon.
Mrs. Davis is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Kingore. Their home is at 58S
Twentieth street. Her father was for
merly an attorney here, being a law part
ner of Thomas V. Cator.
Mrs. Kingore opnoses her daughter's
divorce, but declares that the troubles, of
the couple may have forced such an Is
sue.
?
REV. KENNETH DUNCAN
IN THE DOCK AGAIN
Friends Intercede in His Behalf
and He May Be Placed
in Their Care.
w _, ENNETH DUNCAN, the fallen
JLs/ minister, whose career downward
P\^ has been one of the sad features of
z> local criminal annals, has one more
chance, and in the anticipation that it will
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 1900.
materialize to-day Duncan was not given
sentence yesterday on the three . charges
of petty larceny that have been proved
against him. The idea now is to send him
to some private family in Ukiah, where
he can be taken care of and where, ii
there is anything left in him, he can. make
a new start.
His case was called In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday, and when he was told to
stand up to be sentenced Charles Mont
gomery came forward to plead for him.
Montgomery said that at heart Duncan
was a decent, honest man, but that drink
had got tho better of him, and until his
appetite had been controlled there was no
use trying to reform him. .To help. him
to control himself Montgomery proposed
that Duncan be allowed to go to Uklah.
and, while still under the jurisdiction of
the State Prison Commission, that he be
restrained there among friends, who would
do what they could in assisting him to re
form. He asked that Duncan's sentence
be put off for a few months until the re
sult of the experiment could be deter
mined. Montgomery said he had tried be
fore to reform Duncan, but so far he had
failed. He said, however, that he was
willing to try again, and he asked the
court to let him make the attempt. Judge
Conlan set the case over until to-morrow,
when he will announce his decision.
REV. C. 0. BROWN
LEAVES THE PULPIT
Practically Ostracised Since
He Was Mixed Up in the
Overman Scandal.
CHICAGO, April 17.— Rev. C. O. Brown,
who came from San Francisco three years
ago, has resigned as pastor of the Green
street Congregational Church. He gives
no reason, but it is well known that
Brown has been ostracised by the other
Congregational ministers since he visited
San Francisco and confessed the charge
of immorality with a young woman who
was a member of his former California
church.
Brown also withdraws from the min
istry.
HAZEL G. SPEER ACTS
AS HER OWN LAWYER
Files Suit Against Her Husband for
Divorce^ — Other Unhappy Cou
ples in Court.
Stylishly gowned and with a myriad of
diamonds sparkling from ears, throat and
corsage, Hazel G. Speer yesterday ap
peared in the County Clerk's office and in
propria persona filed suit against Andrew
J. Speer for a divorce. In her complaint
Mrs. Speer, after setting forth that she
married her husband in 1593. charges him
with failure to provide. As the proofs are
so plain, she said, she didn't need a law
yer and will prosecute her own action.
Decrees of divorce were granted in the
Superior Court yesterday to Frederick
Kellogg Blue from Gertrude F. Blue on
the ground of desertion; Annie Eriksen
from Bertel Eriksen for desertion; Ada
Carson from Edwin M. Carson for failure
to provide; Mary Murphy from John J.
Murphy for desertion, and Julie Knights
from Joseph V. Knights for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Flora A. Maguire against Nicholas J. Ma
guire for cruelty; Harriet L. Skillman
against Oliver E. Skillman, for desertion:
Amanda J. Wardell against Conrad James
"Wardell, for cruelty: Lucinda M. Murphy
against John J. Murphy, for cruelty:
Mary A. E. Falke against William H.
Falke, for failure to provide, and Martha
Jessie Darnley against Charles H. Darn
ley, for failure to provide.
» • »
TALL BUILDING FOR
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK
It Will Be Located on Market Street
Near the Geary-Street
Gore.
The Mutual Savings Bank of San Fran
cisco, of which Mayor Phelan Is presi
dent, will soon erect a ten-story building
on the north Bide of Market street, ex
tending through to Geary and just east
of the gore of Market, Kearny and Geary
streets. The plans of W: Curlett, the
architect, were adopted yesterday by the
popk nr e£» Send 5o in stanp3 tor i
, iasn or f *--¦ .. ...C^lii v 1-5 ft postage for new '
JitlB-at-a-t!me. . lßraitura catalog-
gßAß OUTFITS! j
fl Guaranteed to be the finest and the cheapest |
if made. Of oak, curly redwood or mahogany, i
B with beveled mirrors. All fitted throughout A
11 with nickel trimmings. Made any length- ||
1 The J. Noonan Furniture Co. 1
Ii (INCORPORATED). fj
H 1017-1023 Mission St., Above Sixth, S
i i,,TH/4 SAN FKAWC/SCO. ||
H PHONE SOUTH i+- ||
Conducted under th?
American and Euro-
pean plans, and in a
manner that will sit-
isfy the most exacting
and particular tast;.
1400 rooms — 000 with
baths.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., rared by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Put*, t. I3P10 : Niw York, S. JOUQEBA *00
SOLO BX JJUI. JDRUGGI3T3*
RPTTCUI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JJIIU OHJuO rrs bootblack*, batb-
houaea. billiard table*.
bre-wer*. bookblndera. candy-makers, canner*.
dyera. flour milla. foundrtea. laundrtea. paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories. et*«
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ate
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 S«crsmeat« S>
Hotels
Grand
and
Palace
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL,
market. Oittca and Yards— lso Mala atrMt.
STATIONS'* AND PRINTED
ragrghi. PARTRIDGE mc :™T*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hails!
on Application.
BARGAINS FOR THE WEEK I
3 Steinways $100 to $200 OO
2 Sommers $225 OO
1 Shaw $283 OO
2 Vose & Sons $147 SO
2 Chickerings $223 OO
1 Heine $249 OO
2 Small Upriqhis $42-$B3
And SO others.
Installments $5.73 up.
Rents $2.00 up.
Store open every evening.
Piano Vanufacturing Co., 136 Ellis St.
COAL. COKB AND PIO IROX
1 C Hit SON H C 0 90 ° B**UiT Stnat.
J. W- W ILjUll IX l»U'» Telephone Mala IS**.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt H. 81/TTH. Mgr.
f W SMITH Shlp^ PJ^Wnc. Steamboat
t* II • JJilllli and Ship Work a Specialty, it
and IS Wasbliurtcn it. Telephone Mala M4X.
FRESH A>ND SALT MEATS.
Tl^. RftYFSi CO jyUDP 1 "* Butchers. I<H
JA3- BUltJll WU-, clay. TeL Mala 1204.
PAPBW DEALERS.
WII 1 AMFTTF I * ULi * AND PAPER CO.
WILL AJIE IIC m MontKomery rt.
PWI.NTINJ.
E. C RUGHES, m ¦.*SSE5 u a F .
fENIVJOYfIrPILLS
T?1 *> *ij *?**«•"»"• J»««H-*H«tl<». u<t lmlta-
V«i R uT"R Ji ?? rt \« m l mr + Te.tl-.-UU
Y*^ « h ¦ . _ 5*V.* r . fop L"4I««.» *» ff. fy r«-
"V^rißn? MtU< 1 «.««O T«.timo«i«2i. 3oM!» r
Mention tbla mm" 1 !? ?, <*'«»»e.»*r Ckomicl C«,
¦aura uua p.p W . M»<lUo« «<»»«„. I'll t LA.. FA.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. April 17.
JHE shadow of the divorce court is
upon ESwarfis Davis, one time pas
tor of the Central Christian Church.
and his wife, formerly Miss Alice
Kingore. a beautiful songstress, with
whom the young preacher fell head over |
heels in love when she was leading
soprano in the choir of his church. From
the East come? the story, practically veri- j
tied by the disclosures of unhappy marital [
affairs of the young couple, that Mrs. Da
vis has placed in her attorney's hands a
complaint for separation, charging her
spouse with desertion and failure to sup
port her.
In truth, after Edwards Davis aban
doned the pulpit In Oakland the pair wore
stranded jn New York. His plans for busi
ness in a secular field went all awry, and
finally the talented and accomplished
young wife put her ability to earning a
living for herself, and she went on the
stage and succeeded so admirably that
now. after a brief stay here with her
mother, she has decided to return to New
York and resume her work on the stage.
Her husband when last heard from was
doing a specialty with a touring minstrel
troupe In Florida. Last fall when Mrs.
Davis left New York her husband was in
Ohio.
Such Is the fate of one of the romances
which grew out of the clever but erratic
young cleric's career in Oakland. Eel
wards Davis was an Oakland lad of nat
ural genius for oratory and the lecture
STRANGERS GAVE
SYMPATHY TO AN
UNHAPPY WOMAN
Two Kind-Hearted Men Made
Offers of Marriage to
Rosa Reaves.
>
Death of the Park Suicide While Let
ters of Condolence Were Pour
ing In From the
Country.
>
Jessie Reed, or as she chose to call her
pelf, Rosa Reaves and Helen Gray, died
In the City Receiving Hospital yesterday
morning from the effects of the poison
taken by her In Golden Gate Park several
days ago, and her body was placed on a
Flab in the Morgue.
The unfortunate woman received many
letters from total strangers. Some of
these missives wer« from women offering
her a home away from the blackened
memories of th« city and breathing words
of eympathy and sisterly love.
There were letters also from men.
strangers residing In the country. One of
these is C. J. Walker of Salinas City,
who wrote the following:
Ii« art'.r j? of you in one of th« morning papers,
and once having: a very dear friend that got
int-> trouble like you, I write to you avklng if
you will let me help you Into a better life. 1
have a verry dear sister and I know If ehe
would jro wrong I would be verry cre&tful to
any m that would rive her a helping hand.
I am an unmarried man. S3 years old, and have
a good trald and think I «ould help you to
someth'.nK. You may think by my writlnjr to
you and b*!ng a single man I would want you
t<» continue In the old life-; nothing: of the kind.
I know how hard it 1« in the country to stay
t-tra.lt In Cal. and coming from the East I have
more reFpect fora rirl than a Cal. man. If you
will write to me and tell me of yourself I think
I can help you.
Another letter, written in a woman's
hand and signed *'Rix." at Klmhurst. of
fered the girl a home. The following
passage occurs in the letter:
I have been unfortunate lately., as a sweet
heart at mine ha* thrown roe over, and being
in trouble my heart guet out to you. I am not
one to condemn a person for an act which per
haps they did nof have the moral courage to re-
FiKt. and I am well aware what blind prom
lf»s car. do where the power of love Is over all.
I. C. of Campbell, Santa Clara County,
P. O. box ID3, makes the following tempt
ing offer:
I will give you a good comfortable home and
your duties shall be light. If you don't know
how to do light housework you are not too old
to learn— ln fact all the e&me as If in your own
home.
During the unfortunate woman's illness
at the hospital she was frequently having
some one named Leon telephoned for,
with the request that Leon should have
Harry Springer, a racehorse man. call and
see her; but he did not respond.
It was learned yesterday afternoon that
the real name of the dead girl was Jessie
Reed and that she came from Stockton.
Her mother vu sent to the insane asy
lum In that city about three years apo
and died in that institution. Her father
died In Indianapolis when Jessie was but
5 years old, and shortly thereafter she and
the widowed mother went to Stockton
and settled there.
Dr. ParkT"* Courh Cure. One do»« will etop
a cough. Nev«- fall*. Try tt All drurciat*. •
¦ ? «
Tashkend Is a big city to find la the
heart of Turkestan. It has a population of
nearly 160,000. of which perhaps one-fourth
may be credited to the Russian quarter
and the garrison.
POLICEMAN IS
INJURED BY A
RUNAWAY HORSE
Captain Thomson Meets
With a Very Serious Ac
cident in the Park.
Thrown to the Ground After Lassoing
the Frightened Animal, Which
Is Finally Captured by
Officer Arellanes.
A runaway horse in the park yesterday
afternoon was the cause of serious In
juries to Captain . Thomson of the park
police, which will result in that popular
officer's retirement from active duty for
some time to come. The accident further
demonstrates the mistake of the Phelan
administration in reducing the number of
patrolmen In a section sadly in need of
more police protection. About 4 o'clock
the animal, which had probably escaped
from some vacant lot near by, • dashed
Into the park road at Sixth avenue. The
brute was not attached to a wagon and
was minus harness, and as he ran along
the road he became suddenly frightened
and tore along at a rapid rate.
The frenzied animal narrowly escaped
several pedestrians on the road, when he
was seen by Captain Thomson, who
chased after him on horseback. Thomson
tried to lasso the horse several times, but
was unsuccessful until he reached the
corner of Haight and Ashbury streets,
when his lariat threw the runaway horse.
The latter tugged hard at the rope and
succeeded in throwing Thomson to the
ground, where he lay unconscious for sev
eral minutes. The patrol wagon was sent
for and Thomson was taken to the Stan
yan-street station, where a cursory exam
ination disclosed that he had sustained
peveral , bruises and was considerably
shaken up. There was also a slight con
cussion of the brain. Thomson was finally
sent to his home to be treated.
In the' meantime the runaway horse had
regained his feet, and with Thomson's
lariat trailing behind him ran at a terrific
gait down the street. Officer Arellanes,
who had come up on the scene by that
time, went after the animal on his horse,
and after a few blocks' ride brought him
to a halt with his lariat.
That no one was injured In the park
during the mad run of the frightened ani
mal was a miracle. There was quite a
number of pleasure seekers almost In the
path of the runaway, but they fortu
nately escaped injury.
This Is the second time within a period
of two months that Thomson has received
injuries in the discharge of his duty. He
was severely hurt in an encounter with a
maddened buffalo several months ago and
had only recently recovered. The fact Is
that the park roads should be better pa
trolled than they are at present and tho
danger from similar accidents would be
reduced to a minimum.
The Philippine Commission Sails.
The Philippine Commission sailed yes
terday on the transport Hancock, taking
with them six new model Remington type
writers, on which will be written all their
official records, orders and documents.
The United States Government has over
3TjOO Remington Typewriters. The British
Government has IuOO. The Governments of
France and Russia have 1500 each. These
four Governments use more Remington
Typewriters, many times more, than of all
other makes combined. The French Gov
ernment railways have just placed an or
; der for 150 Remington*. . ._
DEMOCRATS ARE
PREPARING FOR
CAMPAIGN WORK
Seth Mann Calls a Meeting
of the State Central
Committee.
Members to Assemble May 5 and
Designate Time and Place of Hold
ing State Convention to Choose
National Delegates.
>
Seth Mann, chairman of the Democratic
State Central Committee, yesterday issued
a call directing the whole committee to
meet In this city: on Saturday, May 5. The
executive committee will meet at the Cali
fornia Hotel on Monday, April 30.
The general committee at its meeting
on May 5 will designate the time and
place of holding a State convention to se
lect eighteen delegates to represent Cali
fornia in the National Democratic Con
vention which will assemble at Kansas
City, Mo., on July 4. The committee will
also fix tho apportionment of delegates to
the State convention from the various
counties, and as a basis of representation
will probably take the vote cast for Bryan
in 1596. Should the vote cast for James G.
Magulre in 1858 be taken as the basis the
Democrats of San Francisco would lose
several delegates. The manner of choos
ing delegates to the convention will be an
nounced by the State Central Committee.
It is quite well understood that Jaspar
McDonald and his associates of the Dem
ocratic County Committee will appoint the
delegates to represent San Francisco In
the State convention. There Is no inten
tion on the part of the campaign man
agers to permit the rnnk and file of the
local Democracy to have a voice in the
i selection of representatives. The pro
gramme to appoint was devised to prevent
the voters of the party from expressing
their sense of shame and disgust for Phe
lan's administration. It Is apprehended
by the party manipulators that Demo
cratic voters would take advantage of the
primaries to elect delegates who would
go to Sacramento and openly denounce in
the convention the corrupt methods of th.c
Mayor. Therefore, in order to prevent
discord and strife In the beginning of the
campaign, it has been resolved to take
away from the voters of the party all op
portunity to express a choice in the selec
tion of their representatives. It Is a raw
programme. Seth Mann knows that it is
raw and Judffe Lawlor and others know
If, but they doubtless comprehend that
exigencies of the situation demand a de
parture from party customs and tradi
tions. -
DELEGATES CHOSEN TO
GO TO LOS ANGELES
The Republican Alliance of Oakland
Will Be Fully Represented at
the State Convention.
The Republican Alliance of Oakland,
, now in its sixteenth year of active cam
paigning, will participate in the biennial
convention of the California League of
Republican Clubs, which convenes at Los
Angeles the 27th of April, 1900.
The board of directors announce the fol
lowing members of the alliance as dele
gates to the convention;
J. J. Allen, J. H. Ames, R. B. Ayers.
Ray F. Baker, CD. Bates Jr., C. A. Bon,
R. J. Beyer. H. R. Boynton. A. P. Sraytou Jr..-
A. H. Breed, F. :E. Brigham, John A. Brltton.
L. IS. Bromwell, Albert Brown.
Dr. H. P. Carlton. W. 11. Chlckerlns, "W. F.
Chlpman, Fred C. Cllft, A. F. Coffin, Dr. Rus
sell H. Cool. R. F. Crist, Clarence Crowell, Dr.
H. P. Dalto'n, W. E. Dargte, William R. Da
vis, George E. de Golla, C. L. Dletr, Dr. J. M.
Dunn, Dr. J. P. Dunn.
Guy C. Earl, Robert Edgar, J. Cal Ewlng.
W. 11. Friend.
11. D. Gaskill, J. 11. Grindley.
W. E. Hale, E. M. Hall Jr.. W. B. Hamilton.
J.J. ITanlfln Jr.. F. M. Hathaway. Hon. F.
W Henshaw, \V. G. Henshaw, Lester Herrick.
J. P. Jackson Jr., F. C. Jordan, W. C. Jur-
Eens.
C. VT. Kellopg, "W*. A. Kenney, D. VT. Kirk
land, N. A. Koser.
Frank A. I^each, R. S. L*ckie. Colonel W. C.
Little, G. R. Lukens.
George H. Mason. Henry A. Melvin, Hon.
Victor H. Metcalf, John Mitchell, Georjce P.
Morrow.
Emll Nusbaumer.
Hon. Frank B. Otcden.
C. E. Palmer, Hon. George C. Pardee.
Georre W. Reed.
Howard H. Shinn. Harvey N. Sloper, Charles
E. Snook. AY. B. Standeford, Frederick A.
Stolp, Hori. F. S. Stratton.
Felton Taylor. Herman A. Tiibbs.
Frederick E. Whitney, J. C. Wilson.
Colonel L. L. Bromwell went to Los An
geles Tuesday night and has undertaken
to make all the necessary arrangements
at Los Angeles for the alliance delega
tion. D. W.. Kirkland and H. B. Boyn
ton, members of the alliance, who are
now residents of Los Angeles, will co
operate with Colonel Bromwell as a spe
cial committee at Los Angeles,
1 board of directors of the bank. The
ground dimensions of the new building
will be: Market street frontage 53 feet,
Geary street frontage 73 feet. The lot is
irregular In shape, and consequently the
depth of the building will vary from 53
feet on the east to 70 feet on the west.
The east line will be about 30 feet west
of the west line of Kearny street. The
structure will be thoroughly fireproof and
modern. To the height of two stories the
material employed will be granite and
above that, sandstone. The general style
will be monumental. The corners, lower
story and the roof line will be ornamen
tal, but the remainder will be plain. Tho
bank will be on the ground floor together
with a store, to be 20 feet wide and the
entire depth from Market to Geary
street. The bank will take the greater
part of the Market street frontage, but
there will be an entrance to the office ele
vators of handsome proportions. The
number of offices will be about 150. The
cost of the building will be about 5300,000.
There were nine architects in competition
for the work and premiums were awarded
to Messrs. Albert Pissis, Swayne & Van
Trees. The work of demolishing the old
buildings and the construction of the new
will begin as soon as all the working
plans are ready. The building will take
about one year to construct.
It was a belief among the Egyptians
that the third finger of the left hand was
connected with the heart by means of a
slender nerve. From that belief came the
custom of wearing the. wedding ring on
that finger.
¦ !'¦ ¦¦- '¦¦'.'¦ '- . ' ¦'..•¦".' Ao»tnT»cr.v
12
Edwards Davis, Actor-Preacher, Takes to the Stage
While His Pretty Wife Seeks Separation.
KENNETH DUNCAN IN THE DOCK.