LONDON, May 21, 3:10 a.m.— Displayed in the most conspicuous style in ttie Daily Express is the dominant war news of the
morning:
"We have the best reason for stating that in the last twenty-four hours a telegram has been received at the Foreign
Office, addressed personally to the Prime Minister, from President Kruger, proposing terms of peace. The exact .terms of the
message cannot be stated, but we believed it is couched in an exceedingly humble strain. It is inconceivable, of course, that
Lord Salisbury can have sent any reply except the one that stands ready on the lip of every Briton— unconditional surrender.
A special dispatch from Kroonstad says that General de Wet has sent word that he is prepared to surrender conditionally
with his entire command.
The War Office has announced that Lord Roberts has not yet received official information of the relief of Mafeking. The
following is the text of Lord Roberts' dispatch:
"KROONSTAD, May 20, 3 p. m.— No official intimation has yet been received, but Reuter states that the relief of Mafe
king has been effected.
"Rundle reports having occupied Bresler's Flat, Trommel and Clocolan, the enemy falling back on Senekal and Ficks
burg. Fifty rifles and 3000 rounds were surrendered by the Free Staters to a battalion of yeomanry working along, the telegraph
line from Boshof to Bloemfontein. A field cornet and eighty-six burghers surrendered at Boshof yesterday.,
"While at Hoopstad Methuen secured 250 rifles and between 400,000 and 500,000 rounds."
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph from Mequatlings Nek, dated May 16, says: "General Brabant is reported to have
captured 1 500 Boers at Clocolan."
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from Lourenzo Marques, dated Sunday, says: "On Thursday the entire Boer force around
Mafeking, including the guns, was captured by the British."
the Transvaal Government, has again
gone to the front.
A Cape Town correspondent reasserts
that the Irish-American ambulance corps
from Chicago suffered heavily during the
fighting at Kroonstad, and that United
States Consul Hay had protested vainly
to President .Kruger against using the
corps on the fighting line.
General Buller Hesitates.
General Buller is in front of Laings Nek
hesitating to attack positions of enormous
natural strength. The reports that the
Boers have blown up portions of the tun
nel are confirmed. Although everywhere
else they are reported as retiring, out
fronted, they have effected their retreats
without losing their convoys or guns or
prisoners to' any extent. .Were they dis
organized they would strew the line of
retreat with booty.
General Colville's base is Winburg.
General Rundle is advancing on Flcks
burg, trying to catch up with the retiring
Boers. Vrede. whither the Free . State
capital has been removed, is a village
of 200 Inhabitants in the extreme north
eastern . portion of the country, on the
road ; from Heilbron to Bothas Pass and
the Drakensberg. President Steyn, when
twitted about the migratory capital. Is
reported to have said the Americans dur
ing the war of I Independence changed
their capital nine times and yet defeated
the British. *
The British are- confiscating the cattle
of the rebels in the district about Aliwal
North. Colonel Ady's men have driven
in 2800 head. , , .
. The London papers are speculating as
to what will be . done to reward Colonel
Baden-Powell. It is understood that as
soon as the official news "of -the 'relief O f
Maf eking is received the rank of super
numerary, major : general will be cabled
mm, and at the same time he will be ad
svanced to the rank of knight commander
of the Bath. Possibly a baronetcy will
boi conferred upon him. : London paid an
all-day call upon Colonel .Baden-Powell's
mother yesterday, i Telegrams, letters and
flowers' arrived V every minute. :lt. took
six policemen to keep the crowd in order.
Mrs."*- Baden-Powell ' appeared upon; the'
LONDON, May 20.— The Lourenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Times, tele
graphing Saturday, says: "Recent ar
rivals " from the Transvaal declare that
the burghers have lost all confidence in
their ability- to withstand the British;
that they are disheartened, disgusted and
sick and that their predominant desire Is
to return to their homes. President Kru
ger, anxious to prevent the war fizzling
out, is using his influence to bringiabout
one last heroic stand. The future- tactics
of . the Boers are a . mystery. The foreign
officers urge the \ defense , of Pretoria. - ,
"A" fracas occurred between . the' Portu
guese : police and some sailors' of The
Netherlands cruiser Frelstand. Three
sailors' were Injured by the bayonets of
the police," .£&S£BB&
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 20.— In an interview
to-day Michael C. Murphy, president of
the Board of Health, made the sensational
statement that the cargo of coffee brought
from the bubonic plague-infected port of
Santos. Brazil, by the steamship Taylor
last autumn, and which the authorities
would not permit to be landed in this city,
was loaded in cars at Weehawken. N. J.,
and secretly sent to Chicago, where it
was consumed.
"The people of Chicago," he said with a
smile "drank that bubonic-infected cof
fee. They, did not know it, but they
drank it." ' ¦
KRUGER URGES BOERS TO
MAKE A FINAL STAND
BUBONIC-INFECTED
COFFEE FOR CHICAGO
Michigan Pastor Overworked Tying
Nuptial Knots for Chicago and
Milwaukee Elopers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOSEril, Mich.. May 20.— All rec
ords were broken to-day, when ninety
seven couples, most of them elopers from
i Chicago and Milwaukee, were married.
The local Justice of the Peace had his
hands full, but the most interest centered
around the home of the pastor of one of
the churches. There couples stood in
line awaiting their turn.
As the hour for the morning service
drew near the pastor announced to the
waiting line that he would return imme
diately after dismissing his congregation
and finish his work. Protests immediately
filled the air. Those who had stood in
line for a long time became vehement In
their language. They said they had
money to pay the fee and did not believe
in being married except by a minister;
but if the performance was to be Inter
rupted they would.be obliged to go to a
Justice of the Peace. The pastor was per
suaded to send his wife to dismiss the
congregation, and the good work went on
until 4 o'clock this afternoon, when the
last couple were married in time to catch
the last Chicago boat. .
NINETY-SEVEN COUPLES
MARRIED IN A DAY
Continued Ton" Second ; Pace.'
was startled by the sound of a pistol shot,
screams and the splintering of glass. He
ran into Miss Ralph's room and there be
held an exciting scene.
The woman who had so narrowly es
caped death was clinging desperately with
"both hands to "the rig&f wrist "cf the
angry wife, whose hand clutched the still
smoking revolver. The women swayed
back and forth as they straggled for pos
session of the weapon. Mrs. Sawyer all
the time fiercely striving to get another
shot at her rival. The bullet had gone
past the head of Miss Ralph, the pistol be
ing held so close that the powder burn3
already mentioned had been made, passed
through a gas globe and into the wall near
the ceiling on the further side of the room.
Gillespie at once seized the revolver and
dragged Mrs. Sawyer away. Balked In
her efforts to avenge in blood the wrongs
she claimed to have suffered, the mad
dened >wife poured forth imprecations on,
the head of Miss Ralph until she was ex
hausted. Then she departed.
"I had a right to kill Mattie Ralph."
said Mrs. Sawyer yesterday, "and am sor
ry 7 I did not succeed in my attempt. I
have suffered great wrong from her. For
three years she has been usurping tho
affections of my husband. I have only
known of their intimacy for a year, and
during that time I have pleaded many
times •with her to have nothing more to do
with him. Finally I could endure it no
longer and gave her warning, but she did
not heed it. I have been a good wife to
him. and he would never have neglected
me but for. her.
"I knew when he stayed away from mo
Wednesday night that he was with her.
He had prepared to go to Los Angeles tho
next day. Thursday morning I watched
the Gillespie house and saw him come out
of it. Then I went up. dptermined to kill
her. I am sure Mr. Gillesple did not know
Sawyer went up there."
Mrs. Sawyer says her husband went to
Los Angeles Thursday afternoon by
steamer and made arrangements for her
to come to him this week with their littlo
girl. He promised her he would never
again seek the company of Miss Ralph.
The injured wife talks with the resigned
composure of one who has suffered so
much as to care little for what may hap
pen to her. She said she did not care
whether or not she was arrested.
Miss Ralph, who is ¦well spoken of bv
Mr. Gillesple, denies any Intimacy with
Sawyer, and says his wife's jealousy 13
entirely unfounded. She says Mrs. Saw
yer is subject to "dreams." Miss Ralph
announces that she will not prosecute
Mrs. Sawyer, being too thankful for her
escape from death.
WITH avowed murderous intent
Mrs. Joseph Sawyer of 120
Eleventh street fired a shot from
a 38-callber revolver at Miss
Mattie Ralph last Thursday morning in
the room of the last named at 119 Ninth
street. r'-MIss Ralph had "a narrow* escape
from death. That the bullet did not
reach the intended mark is due to the fact
that the two women were engaged in a
desperate struggle at the time the shot
was fired, Miss Ralph having grappled
with the woman who wanted to send her
out of the world. As It was her neck and
nightgown were burned by the powder
from the pistol.
The cause of the shooting was mad
Jealousy on the part of Mrs. Sawyer be
cause of her husband's attentions to Miss
Ralph. Mrs. Sawyer calmly say3 she Is
sorry her bullet did rot accomplish the
work intended for it. She says she has suf
fered wrong for three years at the hands
of Miss Ralph, and after repeatedly warn
ing her to have nothing more to do with
Sawyer had made up her mind to kill
her.
Miss Ralph is forewoman at L*. Horo
vltz's, 751 . Market street. Sawyer is a
stereotyper, and up to a short time ago
was foreman in his department for one
of the evening papers. He lost his posi
tion, but secured another one a few days
ago in Los Angeles, where he is at the
present time.
Mrs. Sawyer's desperate attempt to
kill Miss Ralph, which would doubtless
have succeeded had not the last named
been, heavier and stronger than her as-:
sailant, occurred between 5 and ft o'clock
in the morning. The aggrieved wife
awoke Landlord Gillesple at that hour
and asked him in an unexcited and
natural tone of voice where Miss Ralph's
room was. His place being an entirely re
spectable one, in which people were not
usually sought for purposes of slaugh
ter. Mr. Gillespie promptly informed the
visitor that Miss Ralph occupied room
No. 9. He then returned to his bed to
resume his interrupted slumber. Mrs.
Sawyer went to the door of No. ,9 and
hammered on it with her fist or the butt
of the revolver, It is not known which,
but at any rate she hammered noisily.
There was no answer, and, beating
harder, she shouted:
"Open the door, or I'll break it down."
Miss Ralph must have thought the door
was being attacked with a sledge ham
mer and that the threat would be carried
out. for she opened it.
| Gillespie, alarmed by the racket, had by
this time got into his .clothes and started
for the scene of the disturbance, when he
likely to serve four years more, yet they
are satisfied that more than usual cars
must be taken In providing for the Presi
dential succession.
Usually the Vice Presidency has been
thrown as a sop to the defeated faction.
This will not 'be the case this year. Th»
Vice President, it is said, will be nomi
nated with equal reference to his fitness
for the Presidency from an Ohio stand
point, his ability to acceptably presido
over the Senate and his strength and pop
ularity with voters. This may explain, so
"Washingtonians hint, the recent lack of
interest on the part of Senator Hanna
and the President in the Roosevelt boom.
Repcrts that the President"* health was
en the point of a serious breakdown were
spread months ago, and they were denied
from Washington with great emphasis,
and the President mado it a point to show
himself in public frequently. He was seen
to possess great physical vigor, but his
appearance was that of a man who had
been and was undergoing a great mental
strain.
The trouble now* is explained to be
merely "tobacco heart." due to the Presi
dent's smoking. The fact remains, how
ever, that his condition is being taken in
to consideration with great seriousness la
the selecting of a man for sscond place.
WATEH XN" DESERT LAND.
Hitherto Worthless Property Near
Izxdio May Become Valuable.
ANAHEIM, May 20.— A colony has been
formed to take up desert land near Indio.
where an advance party has struck a
strong flow of water at 500 feet. Thou
sands of acres, it Is said, will be redeemed
by this find.
PRESIDENT'S
HEALTH NOT
OF THE BEST
Physical Condition of Mr.
McKinley Causes Some
Alarm. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK.- May 20.— Republican
members of Congress who were in this
city to-day said that the selection of a
candidate for. Vice President to run with
President McKInley was as perplexing a
problem as ever, and that a new phase
had been . given the question. This Is
caused by the state of the President's
health. Information that comes from
Washington is that, while the President's
condition is not alarming, yet It Is ot a
character to cause' uneasiness among
his intimate friends to whom the true
facts .' are known. They will not even
breathe the doubt that " the President Is
SCENES AT THE SEAT OF WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA.
Miss Ralph's Strength Alone Saves Her From Death.
• ¦.¦¦-.-¦¦ ( -
British War Office Yet Without Official News That the Siege of Mafe
king Has Been Raised— Many Free Staters Surrender Their
Arms and Give Up The Struggle for Independence.
WIFE ATTEMPTS
TO KILL RIVAL
Miss . Mattie Ralph Shot At in
' Her Apartments by Mrs.
Joseph Sawyer.
Superior Strength Saves Assailed Woman From
Being Murdered by Her Maddened and
N Desperate Antagonist.
Report That He Has Sent a Message Couched in an
Exceedingly Humble Strain.
executed and the balance of the crow sent
to prison.
Mindoro,. though one of the largest of
the Philippine groups, and lying only ten
miles south of Luzon, from which it Is
separated by San Bernardino Channel,
and less than a day's steaming from Ma
nila on the route of the Vlscayas, has as
yet received but little attention from the
American army of occupation. This is
due to the fact that it is very sparsely
populated. It has an area of 3934 square
miles, with 30,000 Inhabitants, most ot
whom are clustered about the town of
Calupan on the northern coast.
So far as reported, the Americans have
made no attempt to occupy and adminis
ter the affairs of the island, but have left
the people to themselves and their own
government for the time.
declared that she would not wish to live
after her husband's death. She charac
terized their action as worse than inhu
man, but would not beg for mercy from
such monsters. All three were promptly
killed, with knives and their bodies
thrown overboard.
The mutineers then ran the vessel into
the mouth of the Lucol River, In the
Mindoro Island. Two days later two na
tive women, servants of the murdered
woman, told the story of the tragedy to
the native officials, and » the entire crew
was taken into custody.' After a short
~trial the boatswain and two others were
TACOMA, May 20.— Hongkong advices
received here to-day tell of a remarkable
sequel to the tragedy aboard the brigan
tlne Navarro, whose native crew mutin
ied while the vessel was In Philippine wa
ters and put to death Captain Acosta, hla
wife and the first mate. These advices
report the trial of the mutineers and their
execution by native officials of Mindoro
Island, one of the largest of the Philip
pine group. Though their countrymen
are at war with the United States, these
simple-minded islanders resolved to pun
ish piratical acts against merchant ves
sels. Mindoro has not been occupied by
American troops, and the action of the
natives was taken upon their own in
itiative.
The Navarro had left Sorsogon for Ma
nila with a cargo of hemp. When two
days out the boatswain commenced quar
reling with the mate, who he claimed had
abused him. The mate ordered the
boatswain sent below. The boatswain re
taliated by combining every member of
the crew in a plot to kill the mate, to
gether with Captain Acosta and wife. It
was deemed necessary to kill these that
the crew might escape.
The next morning the plot was put into
execution. The boatswain and nine other
members of the crew, armed with guns«
and knives, marched to the cabin and or
dered the three victims to appear on deck
When they came out they were given five
minutes to prepare for death. Mrs. Acosta
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stern Justice Meted Out by Simple-
Minded Islanders to the Mur
derers of Captain Acosta
and His Wife.
EXECUTE THE RINGLEADERS
Filipino Natives Avenge the
Tragedy Aboard the
Vessel.
DEATH FOR
THE NAVARRO
MUTINEERS
KRUGER SAID TO HAVE PROPOSED
TERMS OF PEACE TO SALISBURY
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 21, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVH-NO. 182.
PLOT TO DEPOSE KRUGER AND
SURRENDER THE TRANSVAAL
Brown's were smashed. Numerous ar
rests were made.
Rebuked by Salisbury's Son.
Rev. Lord M. Cecil, a son of the Premier,
preaching yesterday in Gray's Inn Chapel,
London, before the Australian Federation
delegates and other notables, referred to
the demonstrations o*^ violence and said:
"The popular enthusiasm prevailing
throughout the country Is dangerous. The
line between good and evil is soon over
run by the unthinking crowd. The out
burst Is evil in so far as it is the same
spirit which animated the Roman crowds
in the Coliseum while the gladiators pur
sued each other to the death; but it is good
in 6o far as It is a protest against one of
the greatest evils of the age— the love of
money."
Special prayers of thanksgiving were
offered yesterday in the churches of the
United Kingdom. The Lord Bishop of
London, Dr. Mandell Crelghton, '¦- who
preached before the Queen at Windsor,
alluded to the relief of Maf eking, and
clergymen generally found in the event
their topic for the day.
Details of the relief are still wanting,
the military authorities being without dis
patches. Lord Roberts \ wires that he
knows of the relief only through a press
agency. Lord Laru>downe, however, an
nounces that the War Office expects di
rect nem to-day.
The situation in the field has changed
but little since Friday. Lord Roberts'
troops are in fine form and abundantly
supplied.- Indications seem to point to an
early movement. His cavalry, riding over
several hundred square miles in a semi
circle bewond Kroonstad. have received
the submission of hundreds of Free Stat
ers. It now appears that the De "Wet who
offered to surrender with 1000 men was not
the well-known General De Wet, but Com
mandant De Wet. He stipulated that his
men should be allowed to return to their
farms. Lord Roberts replied that the sur
render must be unconditional.
The Botha who was captured the other
day was Philip Botha. Those surrender
ing are solemnly warned that If they
break the oath of neutrality their houses
will be burned and their farms confis
cated. Such as do yield do it for pro
tection.
Reports flow into Lord Roberts at head
quarters of the discouragement of the
Boers and of their ¦willingness, even In the
case of the Transvaalers, to give up.
President Steyn is described as having
lost his head several times recently. The
original of the telegram addressed to the
burghers at Ventersburg urging them -to
hold out was really written at Petersburg,
a place- which surrendered early in. March."
President Steyn, who was last reported as
leaving Pretoria after a consultation , with
LONDON', May 21. — The boisterous re
jolclngs over the news from Mafe
klng have become riots in parts of
Lordon. Aberdeen. Belfast and
elsewhere In the ITnited Kingdom.
In the PSnechl«»y district of suburban
Liondon a mob stoned the station master's
house and smashed the windows of a
draper'* 6hop, setting the building on fire
'also, although -whether by accident or de
n'.gji It In not yet known. Two clerks
were injured. The house of a Boer sym
pathizer at Harleston was attacked by a
large mob and the windows were shat
tered. The police charged the mob and
were erreetfd with a shower of decayed
**gcs. Numerous arrests were made and
the police reserves were called out.
Rioting took place in Aberdeen from 7
to 10 o'clock on Sunday evening around
a hall where a. "stop-the-war" meeting
¦was being addreesed by Mr. Cronright-
Schrelner. husband of Olive Schrelner. A
crowd of students and others tried to
etorrn the hall. The foot police were un
oble to oorw- with the disturbers and sent
for the mounted police, who made some
heidway with the crowd, but free fights
occurred between the supporters of the
tnf-tir.g and the crowd, and the royal In
firmary near by was kept busy dressing
the wounds of combatants, caused by
stones, bricks and clubs. A number of
arrents were ma^e and finally the magis
trate ordered the chief constable to call
out the militia. The Gordon Highlanders
from the Castle Barracks then cleared the
streets.
Within the hall the opponents cf the
promoters, '>t the meeting practically
broke It uf> and carried an amendment to
the principal resolution.
The residence of Rev. Alexander "Web
ster, whT# Mr. Cronwrlght-Schrelner
rtayed, wan damaged. liner sympathizers
stoned a jiroowilon of shipyard employes
Bt Ue!fa*t. and there were some disorders
!n Klrmlnjjham.
At Dovrr tho business establishment of
J.' Brown, n member of the local Cham
l*-r of Commerce, was wrecked by a mob.
The police were unable to cope with the
disturbance and the local artillery and
volunteer* were called out. Aa the riot
ing continued th« lloyal Artillery wuh
called upon ta suppress the mob. The
window* «r buildings adjoining Mr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Special cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900,
by the Herald Publishing Company.
-"- '¦¦' ¦ -¦ ¦ ' ¦ '-
CAPE TOWN, May 19.— A telegram from Durban asserts confidently
that a plot has been disclosed at Pretoria which has as Its object the de
posing: cf President Krugcr and hla executive council and the surrender of
the Transvaal to Lord Roberts at an early day. Many progressive Dutchmen,
¦who are also members of the judiciary, are said to be parties to the move
ment. • / , ; .. ¦[¦-' .SALT LAKE— A. G. Safford. the well-known
Washington attorney, lies speechless in his
room at the. Capitol Hotel, as the result of a
stroke of brain paralysis.
ADELAIDE, South Australia— Charles Came
ron Kingston, Premier and Attorney General of
South Australia, has been defeated in the Leg
islative Council selection.
CHICAGO— At a. meeting of the Cook County
Democrats Robert E. Burke, acting as Mayer
Harrison's spokesman, made official an
nouncement of the withdrawal of Harrison as
a gubernatorial candidate.
SAN JOSE — Antonio Fatjo. one of the best
known of pure Castlllan residents of California,
Is dead at his home in Santa Clara, aged 72
years. He was a native of Barcelona, Spain.
He established himself in Santa Clara in 1849.
He was widely known and esteemed.
LIVERPOOL — The managing committee of the
Liverpool "School of Tropical Diseases will
shortly dispatch an expedition to the Amazon
to investigate the yellow fever. The expedition
will proceed by way of Baltimore ami will
confer with experts at Johns Hopkins Univer
sjty.
CONSTANTINOPLE— The Russian embassy
has considerably perturbed governmental and
diplomatic circles here by inviting the imme
diate attention of the Porte to the deplorable
situation of many districts of Armenia, re
sulting from brutal methods of collecting taxes
and from persecutions.
ST. LOUIS— The "children's welcome" to the
Presbyterian General Assembly yesterday af
ternoon was a very successful affair. It con
sisted of a reception of the delegates and vis
itors by the Sunday-Schools of the various
Presbyterian churches in the city, the leading
feature being a chorus of 600 voices.
CHICAGO— Thomas R. Roddy, the Chicago
Irishman, who was last year elected Chief of
the Winnebaeo tribe of Indians, and who is
preparing to go tn the reservation in Wiscon
sin next week to be inaugurated, has been chal
lenged to a duel by Tom Thunder, son of a
medicine man, who also desires the leadership.
HOXOLI'LIT— Kamalo Plantation and' the
American Sugar Plantation, both on the island
of Molokai. have suspended operations. Work on
Kamalo has been stopped on account of lack of
funds. The American Sugar Company could;
not develop a pure water supply, and therefore
was compelled to suspend.
DENTER — Walter William*. Deputy Coroner,
shot and killed William A. Downer, the proprie
tor of a bath house at 1539 Arapahoe street,
this afternoon, and then killed himself.. The
killing occurred, at the establishment .of
Downfr, and no witnesses were Dresent. Do
mestic trouble is given as the cause.
INDIANAPOLIS — Leaders of gold Democratic
organizations In this city and State are expect
ing about fifty persons at the conference called
to meet here Wednesday. They say every dis
trict in the State will be represented, and the
meetlnj; is for a conference to determine what
the gold Democrats will do In the coming cam
paign.
WOODLAND— The first shipment of peachefi
from Yol«i County, and. so far as can be
learned, the first in the State.' was made from
Winters on Tuesday, the 15th inst. The first
full carload of fruit to be forwarded from Cali
fornia this season was also shipped from Win
ters on .Friday. It consisted of peaches and
npricots.
MACON, Ga.— William Raines and his son
were killed Saturday near Cordle. Ga., by
John Gleaton. who Intended to marry Miss
Raines. The girl's father tr^ed to Induce her
to remain at home. During the quarrel that
ensued Gleaton shot and killed his fiancee's
e£ UN P« UR !' Pa -- Th e Jury in the case x>t the
Shamokin Councilmen and brick manufactur
ing: representative, charged with conspiracy in
connection with street-paving contracts, . re
turned a verdict yesterday morning, after hav
ing been out all night. The verdict convicts
Councilmen; Thomas A. Holl, E. O. Sum Wil
liam Reppard. O. J. Reed and W. S. Seymour
an .T.,?" , L «;^ Boas of Readln *. and Maier Roth
schild of Shamokin, representative of the Alca
tnaz Paving Company of Philadelphia. Those
acquitted are George S. Ettla, secretary and
treasurer, ana H.-M. Dixey of Philadelphia,
agent of the Clearfield Brick Company and
Charles F. Smith of Mahanoy City, represent
ative of the Canton (Ohio) Brick Companv
Counsel for the convicted men immediately
asked for a new trial. Judge Johnson sus
pended sentence for thirty days. to give coun
sel for the. convicted men time to- file reasons
to sustain their motion. N
SKATTLE— In no one day of the future, prob
ably, will a larger number of fortune hunters
leave for Cape Nome than sailed to-day. Three
steamships and one sailing vessel put to sea.
bound for_ the new El Dorado. They were the
steamship Senator, steamship Oregon," steam
ship Aberdeen. and the barkentlne Josenh L.
Eviston. They carried an aggregate of 1200 pas
sengers and, 5000 tons of mining machinery, out
fits and general merchandise. While 1200 per
sons departed, fully ten times that many con
gregated on the water front to bM' them bon
voyaged Such crowds have never Deen seen in
that part of the city. People thronged the
docks from early morning until late at night.
cago, and Rev. Joseph V. Berry, candidate
for Bishop before the Methodist General Con
ference. Dr. ScTiell was formerly the gen
oral secretary of the - Epworth League. He
charges the defendants with entering -into a
conspiracy to injure his reputation, thereby
forcing him to resign his official position.
CHICAGO— Rev. Dr. Edwin A. Schell has
filed a declaration in a- suit for $25,000 dam
ages against Rev. Dr. Charles Tarkhurst, edi
tor of the' Science Herald of Boston; Rev.
Henry C. Jennings, publishing agent of the
NEW YORK— Dr. A. J. Restrapo, representa
tive of the provisional government of the Co
loblan revolutionists, who was recently sent to
Washington to look after the Interests. of the
revolutionists, to-day forwarded to the Presi
dent of the French Panama Canal Company an
official protest against the contract entered Into
between that company and the present Govern
ment of Colombia for the extension of the time
for constructine the Panama canal.
LONDON — The Dally Express says that start
ling disclosures may be expected at the trial o£
Nol in, Walsh and •Dillman, the men charged
with attempting to destroy the Welland Canal
locks. They are well known to the Dublin po
lice, and letters have been found that will com
promise several persons in Great Britain and
Ireland as identified with the physical force
movement.' ;¦ »* ":
MEMPHIS— Edward Whlttlng-ton and Den
nis Brogan, coal miners, entered the lunch
house of T. F. McKenna and became in
volved In a quarrel, during which 'Whlttington
beat iIr,"H. McKenna with a club. She pro
cured a revolver, shot Whlttintfton ' through
the neck, .killing him instantly, and shot Bro
gan in the face, producing a fatal wound.
BEHLIX— Yesterday afternoon crowds in sym
pathy with the tramway strikers stoned the
cars. The police interfered and were them
selves pelted. They replied with blank cart
ridges and ehota were fired at them from the
houses. Several persons were hurt on each
Ride. Most of the people side with the strik
ers, who demand a ten-hour day and Increased
wages.
PHILADELPHIA— The fight between the
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners
and the Allied Building Trades League, which
wan berun nearly three weeks ago, was offi
cially declared off to-day. The trouble arose
over the refuual of the Brotherhood to become
affiliated with the league tn the campaign for
an elcht-hour day with increased wages.
KANSAS CITY— Several crews of artisans
worked all day Sunday on the Convention Hall.
The fourth set of trusses for the roof were par-.
tlally put in place, while contractors In charge
of the excavating: and the concrete and maaonry
work supervised the construction along those
lines. To date the hall directors' have awarded
contracts for work that will cost $300,000. :;'<
father and brother an*- mortally wounded a
neighbor who tried to Interfere.
/. TELEGRAPHIC NEWS CONDENSED .\
We buy trunks by the carload. That's
why we can eell good trunks at reasona
ble prices. Suit' cases, valises,' traveling
l>ag%. coin puntes and. pocket books in our
Leather Goods Department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 711 Market street. •
NEW YORK. May 20.— Roland B. Moll
neux did his r utmost ' to-day, to console
Fritz Meyer, who In an ; adjacent cell ;. in
the condemned men's - quarters in Sing
Sing prison was looking forward to to
morrow. .Meyer is to go to the electric
chair for the murder of Policeman Fred
erick Smith. .
General E. L. Mollneux visited his son
Who Is About to Be Executed.
Speaks Words of Comfort to n Man
MOU3TEXTX CONSOLES MEYER:
sion of Chinese into the Philippfnes. Min
ister Wu is confident that when Congress
becomes acquainted with the facts it will
not enact any legislation prohibitory of
the admission of Chinese into the archi
pelago. He has vigorously protested
against the exclusion orders which Gen
eral Otis issued, but his protests . have
been unheeded by the State Department.
Minister Wu strongly objects to the ex
tension of the Chinese exclusion laws to
the Philippines; In his notes he has shown
the great part played by his countrymen
in the development of the islands, and he
believes the United States will be • the
loser if it should debar them.
One of the Minister's subordinates has
been sent to Manila to investigate the sit
uation there with respect to Chinese im
migration, and when he has concluded he
will go to Peking to lay the facts before
the Tsung Li Yamen. It is likely that the
State Department will comply with the
Minister's request to send his -notes- to
Congress, but this may not be done at thla
session. No legislation whatever for the
Philippines will be recommended or enact
ed durjng the presnt session. The Presi
dent will make recommendations on the
subject in his next annual message.-
WASHINGTON, May 20.-Secretary Hay
has received a note from Wu Ting Fang,
the Chinese Minister. to the United States,
requesting" him to'send'to'.Congress corre
spondence between , the legation and the
State Department relative to the admis-
Special niFpatch to The Call.
Minister Wu Asks That His Repre
sentations on the Question Be -
Laid Before Congress.
WANTS THE PHILIPPINES'
-* . TO CHINESE
other missiles Jay a crowd of roughs on a
pus-sing picnic here to-day, and had
to beat a speedy retreat to preserve him
self from serious Injury. •
Foss was standing on the platform of
the depot waiting the arrival of the city
train, when the picnic train from Pistoles!
went .by the station. Foss' dog barked at
the shouting crowd of picnickers, and sim
ultaneously a shower of beer bottles and
any old thing that came to hand whizzed
through the air at Foss and his cfog. No
arrests were made, as the train was a
through one and did not stop until it
reached Sausallto. •
Station.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANSELMO. May 20.— William Foss,
a millionaire, was pelted with bottles and
Pelted With Bottles and Other Mis
siles at the San Anselmo ; . .
MILLIONAIRE FOSS
ABUSED BY^ PICNICKERS
CAPE TOWN. May 30.— Every town and
village is nendine congratulations to
Colonel Baden-Powell at Maieking. Tele
grarr.s ar* arriving from ah parts of the
world. There will be an immense dem
onFtra.Uon here to-morrow.
Congratulations for Baden-Powell.
KROOKSTAD. May 2O.-The press tele
gram announcing the relief of Mafekine
was read to the regiments on parade The
men were greatly excited and cheered
lustily. Khaki-clad Boers, made up to
represent British Midlers, have been vis
lting the farms an<T repeating the sub
stance of the British proclamation If
the terms are accepted thyt-e who accent
them are immediately arrested and 'car
ried off.
Soldiers Hear Mafeking News.
LOTRENZO MARQUES. May 20 -The
Standard and Diggers New,s confirms the
report of the relief of Marking it tfves
a confuted account of the events preced
ing. An c-nga^ment was foupht on Sun
day near Maribopo, and the relief forces
out through the Boor lines, entered the
town and began bombarding the Boer.,
who retreated. The Boors had two killed
and five wounded. The British -loss i,
*aid to have been considerable. The Hrit'
.JSuSsrraveS? as fleelns - but n ° «^
BOERS DECLARE BRITISH
FLED FROM MAFEKING
a iremcnoniy quantity of looted furni
ture was fourd stored in the town hall
Evidently ihe lVw-rs had intended to burn
It. but they were prevented by the hurry
Of th« evacuation. The three-span bridge
at Irpagone has been destroyed and the
station bume<l. The Boers blew up the
water tank and destroyed the water
works pipes, but .he Fyste-m can be re
newed. ,
The Boers are *-nr1eavorinj>f to reorgan
ize along: the Heidelberg IIUls. Many
rebels have been found on the farms well
fupplir-d with aranunitirn am] arms.
Bccent visitors to Johannesburg ray
the Boers arc bcpinr.ins to realize the »e
r!ou.«nps« of tl:eir position and thev are
anxious to know what is to become of
them. The Boer ¦womr-n carry rifles in
the Ftrof-ts and are eagtr to *pr> to th«
commandos. They say the British will
not fire \ix>on thr-m.
Muller. a former officer in thfl Prussian
army, refused £60 p Pr m Onlh and a
commission from the Bo.-rs to succeed
Colonel Schk-i, the captured artillery com
man<J<»r.
DUNDEE. Thursday May 17.— Tho Brit
ish Infantry passed through Newcastle
at 5 o'clock. A few residents were con
frregated at the street corm-rs. wearing
the national colors. After their walk' of
twenty-two T.ilcs the men appeared in
splendid Bt ; j*.
BOER WOMEN EAGER
TO JOIN COMMANDOS
An extra ordinary l«su« of the Garotte
at Case Town announces that In conp»
quence of what Is believed to be authen
tic news of the reli*»f of Mafpkins Sir
Alfred MSner will closse th<» public offices
to-day (Monday*. New Zealand will m.ike
tTeOnesday a holiday In honor of the
event, and celebrations are in progress
In Cairo and in the heart of the Soudan.
Arthur nprpon, principal proprietor of
the Daily Express, has 5tarted a move
ment to build a hall of heroes to com
memorate those who have fallen In the
war.
balcony at intervals' and bowed her ac
knowl<*2jnnpTn!= tn the crowd.
KRUGER SAID TO 3E
WORKING FOR PEACE
Continued Prora F!r?t Page,
WASHINGTON. May 20.— Under cover
of an annual report on the trade relations
of Germany Consul-General Mason at
Berlin hr.s published In the volume of
Comaerciul Relations issued from the
linreatt of Foreign Commerce, State De
partment, some exceedingly Important
statements relative to the present condi
tions governing trade between Germany
and the United States. Still more impor
tant arc the predictions made by Mr. Ma
son as to the treatment Germany has in
store for United States trade at competi
tive points hereafter, and his warnings to
Americans of the German purpose to de
mand far higher duties on imports, es
p«*ciaJly against the products of the United
St3tes. Germany, he. says, proposes to re
vise Its tariff on the line of a general and
heavy increase of duties, especially upon
Imports from the United States.
Mr. Mason has much to say about the
steadily growing Irritation exhibited by
the German press against the United
States and the criticiems of the trade
papers of our customs officers, who are
charsod with practicing chicanery In their
efforts to prevent undervaluation of Ger
man exi>orts to the United States. Ger
man trade with China has increased 70 per
cent during the last four years, and Ger
man capital is being invested with an
audacity which should stand as an ex
ample to Americans seeking foreign trade.
In conclusion, and recurring to the sub
ject of relations between the United States
and Germany in the future, Mr. Mason
has this to say:
There 1*. therefore, every possibility that the
new tariff and such amended special treaties
us Germany may consent to enact will modify
the commercial relations of the empire with
other nations, particularly with the United
States. It I» net to be denied or overlooked
that while the attitude of the Imperial Govern
ment toward our country has Deen uniformly
correct there is in certain business circles here
a fe^linir of enmity and resentment .which did
not exist prior to 1S9S. The heavy balance of
trade which the United States now hold*
against the fatheTland. the decline in textile
export* and the sharpened customs regulations
against undervaluations, f the concessions re
cently jrrante«l to France and. above 'all, the
enormous growth of American manufactured
exports, the aggressive competition of -Amcrl
c&a metal and other products in South Ameri
can and eastern markets — all these welKh heav
ily on the hearts of the people here and will
be hard foupfct when the new tariff and treat
ies come to open debate in the Reichstag. What'
mort enlishtfned thinkers expoct. or at least
hope for. is that out of all the«»e- mutations will
come a broad, liberal, comprehensively framed
treaty or series of treaties between the United
States and Gertsany In which all the vexed
and irritating questions i-niatlngf to naturalized
citizenship, countervailing duties and port
•charges on vessels shall be regulated and lib
eral Justice to imports of food products se
cured by r«"cii>rocal concessions and embodied
In permanent conventions between the two
countries. '¦ •¦ ;
Will Take Stringent Meas
ures to Check American
Competition.
GERMANY PLANS
TO RAISE HER
TARIFF RATES
Reception in Washing
ton to the Envoys of
the Liberty-Loving
Burghers of South
Africa*
• *
WASHINGTON, May 20.— An au
dience remarkable for its size,
sympathy and enthusiasm
greeted the Boer envoys at the
reception given in their honor
to-night at the Grand Opera
houpe, under the auspices of the Congres
sional and citizens' committee. The house
was crowded to suffocation,, and .many
were turned awey." The interior was deco
rated with the national tri-color of
both the United States and the TransvaaJ.
There were probably thirty members of
the Senate and House present. Speaker
Henderson was in one of the boxes, and
others present were Senators Daniel. Tei
ler. TiP.man, Pettigrew, Mason and Wel
lington, Representatives Shafroth", At
water, Slayden. Glynn, Ruppert, Gaines,
Latimer, Lentz, Sulzer. Landis, Linney,
Ryan, Greene, Henry of Massachusetts,
Hay, Deannong, Clark of Missouri, Meiers
and Rea of New Tork.
One of the boxes, it was stated, was re
served for the President, a committee
having been to the White House with
tickets for the opera-house, but no repre
sentative of the President's official house
hold was on hand.
Chairman Sulzer of the reception com
mittee presided, and a number of ad
dresses, all of them patriotic in character
and earnestly supporting the cause of the
Boers, were made, the speekers including
Messrs. Fischer, Wolmarans and Wesseis,
the.Boer envoys. Senator Wellington, Hon.
Bourke Cockran and Mr. Sulzer. Chair
man Sulzer was the first speaker. He
said in part:
In my judgment, nine- tenths .*f the' Amer
ican people are aifainM. Rnglian.] in thld bloody
war of conquest for sordid gain »nd in sy-n
jiathy with the Boers. The best thought of
K:if?land condemns the conflict. '•
We sympathized with Poland, wjAHun
ijary, with Greece, with all the Soush; Ameri
can republics, with Armenia -ind witto Cuba
in their struggles for freedom. Why, I esk,
in the name of all that is just and honiruble,
Fhould we now refuse to lend our moral sui.
port. our sympathy and our air to the patriots
of Pouth Africa? Is American sentiment .load?
The lloers will never surrender their lov« of
liberty. They can only be conquered by lwln£
GREAT DEMONSTRATION IN HONOR
OF THE BOER PEACE COMMISSION
A • O
American btatesmen
Tell in Speeches of
. the Sympathy of
This Country for
the Patriots*
¦¦' -¦-¦¦¦¦ .¦-,'- "¦¦$r:A £.&¦*.}»£>
Senator said that as Americans we always
had held that, all men were entitled alike
to life, liberty and happiness. If this were
true in Amerida, he asked, why not in
South Africa? England was no more our
friend to-day than she was a hundred
year? ago. . We had grown strong and
mighty.he continued." and he ventured to
say there would be no more attacks by
England on this country.
you and I, enjoying the full her
itage of liberty," he asked, "not give them
aid? I will."
Our .Government could not long remain
in opposition to the manifestations of
sympathy expressed by the rfeople for the
Boers.
- American Flag Presented.
. Mrs. Edith A. Lamb recited 'fThe Spirit
of 'TC^and presented an American flag to
Mrs. Fischer, the wife of one of the en
voys, following which Hon. Bourke Cock
ran delivered an address. He strongly ad
vocated upholding the Monroe doctrine,
recalling Secretary Root's recent words
that we must be prepared to fight for it,
adding that the latter must be gratified
at the hearty response which had been
made throughout this country. Referring
to Canada and its proximity to the United
State*, he said he believed as an English
possession it was a menace to the main
tenance of the Monroe doctrine. As a pos
sible result of this war, he suggested that
instead of the extension- of monarchical
governments in South Africa the conse
quence might be the extension of repub
licun authority .over monarchical govern
ments. Reference was made to the re
cent action of the Senate in closing the
doors while discussing the resolution of
sympathy for the Boer republic, which Ted
Mr. Cockran to express the belief if the
•day had come when. the Americans were
fearful of expressing their views, then the
nation's growth had not been in the way
of true greatness, but of weakness. He
believed that the opportunity of this coun.
try had arrived. Whether or not there
would be interference from the adminis
tration, means would be found to stop this
injury to civilization which is now going
on. A duty must be performed to the peo
ple'of England, the Transvaal and to the
I whole human -race In every part of the
globe.
Senator Wellington was instructed by
the unanimous vote of the 'audience to
present to the Senate' Senator Teller's
resolution of sympathy with the Boers.
exterminated, and England must not be per
mitted to exterminate them and steal tneir
homes. God grant that the English may nevet
reach Pretoria.
Tell of Their Mission.
The three envoys were introduced in
turn by Mr. Sulzer, and each was given a
cordial reception. Their remarks were
listened to with close attention. The au
dience gave a standing greeting to Com
missioner Fis-cher, who told his hearers'
why the envoys had come to this country
and what they hoped to accomplish. His
remarks were very much In keeping with
what he already has said in published
interviews. Said he:
We come to you as a sreat liberty-loving
people, in whom thf s«pnse of justice and fair
rlay is strong, and look to you to find a prac
tical scheme to obtain peace with Justice.
We come to appeal to your people and sp»ak
to you as brother republicans and to ask for
a hearing and hope to obtain it. We look to
you to help us if possible, and whether we
*<>t a5Eltance or not we appreciate the kind
ly feeling which has been manifested for us.
Commissioner Wesseis' speech was a
BOER PEACE COMMISSIONERS.
The throe Commissioners are seated, Mr. Wolmarans on the left, Mr.
Wesseis on the right, with Mr. Fischer, their chief, in the center. Standing
behind, on his left, is Mr. de Bruyn, the secretary of the commission, and on
the right is Dr. Leyds.
vivid picture of the Boers in their contest
for their rights, of the charity and devo
tion which characterized their manner and
of the patriotism with which they all went
into their battles. He felt sure that the
audience would admit that the Boer had
many good characteristics and was not
so black as he was painted. '.The English
nation apparently wished to act as judge
and jury. He" asked the audience whether
the Boer nation had not- the right to claim
.the liberty and sympathy of the United
States and of the whole world.' .
Mr. Wolmarans. who spoke in Dutch,
said that while the envoys did expect to
be sympathetically received in this coun
try, yet they Had not anticipated such a
strong welcome as had been shown to
them in New York City and Washington.
He knew, however, it could not he differ
ent, because the people of this country
had the same love of liberty and sense
of justice that the Boers had. and their
svmpathy would be a help to them in
their struggle. , , .
The speech of Senator Wellington, which
came next, was cheered to the echo. The
STREETCARS
IN MOTION ON
THE SABBATH
St. Louis Transit Company
Able to Operate Five
Lines.
However, No Attempt Is Made to
Run on Schedule Time and a
General Tie-TJp May.Oc
y cur at Any Time.
ST. LOUIS, May 20.— Cars were running
to-day on five of the lines of the St.
Louis Transit Company without any In
terference on the part of the strikers.
No attempt was made to run the cars on
schedule time. Two riot calls were sent
in to the Police Department during the
afternoon, but the riots were very far
from being the real thing.
'The strikers made the assertion that
all day long they had men along the dif
ferent lines which were in operation,
discouraging every attempt at interfer
ence with the cars, on account of women
and children who would wish to ride
around the city on Sunday.
There was a report that all the em
"ployes of the Suburban Company who re
turned to work a week ago were to go
out again Monday morning, because the
company had not made good Its prom
ises regarding places for the old men. The
report was denied by the officials of the
road and by the men.
There was a slight disturbance late this
evening atrthe intersection of Tenth street
and Washington avenue. A switch had
been thrown and a car loaded with pas
sengers was thrown on a dead wire and
oft the track. When the train crew start
ed to set things to rights they were
greeted with showers of stones and com
pelled to abandon the work until a patrol
wag:on loaded with police officers ap
peared on the ground. The police quickly
forced the crowd to disperse, making sev
eral arrests.- H. W. Steinbiss, secretary
of the National Building Trades Council,
was doing his best to prevent a collision
with the police, when he was taken into
custody. He was taken to the police sta
tion, but released In a short time. It be
ing admitted that his arrest was an error.
The arrested men were booked as Federal
prisoners, the charge against them being
disorderly conduct in violation, of the in
junction of Judge Adams. /
The Metal Trades Council Aas decided
to recommend to all affiliated unions
that they go out on a sympathetic strike
whenever asked to do so. About 5500 men
will be affected. To-morrow morning the
executive committees of the Building
Trades Council and of the Central Labor
Lnion will meet to consider the question
of a sympathetic strike. The general opin
ion Is that the strike will be ordered.
FATALLY SHOT
AS THE RESULT
OF A QUARREL
Charles Albertson Killed
by J. Wess Moore at
REDDING.' May. 20.-A fatal shooting
affray, occured at the noon hour yester
day at what is known as Cherry Flat,
-twelve miles south of Trinity Center, in
Trinity County. J. Wess Moore, an old
man owning a number of mining claims
In upper Trinity, and Charles Albertson, a
young miner, were the parties to the
fray. The two had quarreled on several
different occasions over the ownership of
a claim, and Moore alleges that Albertson
made repeated threats to take his life. In
fact, Moore visited the District Attorney
at Weaverville quite recently and con
sulted with him in reference to prosecut
ing for the threats, but it Is eaid he was
advised to drop the matter.
Yesterday noon Moore and Albertson
met close to the former's home, and the
quarrel was resumed. Moore had his rifle
with him, a 45-caliber gun, but did not
offer to make use of it until Albertson
drew a revolver. At this juncture the by
standers interfered and sougKt to take the
revolver from Albertson, whereupon the
latter struggled with them. Fearing he
might turn upon them they desisted and
stepped back, and then Moore raised his
rifle and fired. The ball entered the breast
of Albertson and emerged at his shoulder,
causing almost instant death. Moore went
at once to Trinity Center and surrendered
to the Deputy Sheriff. The body of the
victim remained exactly where it lay un
til the arrival, of the Coroner to-day.
Albertson was about 32 years of at?e
and was of large and muscular build.
His slayer is an old resident of Trinity, a
veteran of the Civil War and about 65
years of age. He is quite well known
over the country. His plea is self-defense.
LOS ANGELES, May 20.— Four seamen
on the steamer Santa Rosa were brought
to the Marine Hospital here to-day,- suf
fering from . Injuries received on- board
the steamer while she was at. Port Los
Angeles yesterday. A heavy sea was
running, and as the steamer lay at the
wharf a hawser parted and caused the
breaking of a capstan. The flying pieces
struck the seamen, who were worlaiif at
the capstan. Their names are not ob
tainable. How serious their Injuries are
is not known.
Seamen Injured.
GIVES THE LIE TO
CIVIL WAR HISTORY
General Manning Declares the Story
of Sheridan's Hide Is All
j "Poppycock."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, May 2O.-General Stephen H.
Manning, who was second in command
during Sheridan's ride, gave out" an amaz
ing interview here to-day, completely up
setting civil war histo/y. He said he could
no longer refrain from the temptation to
tell the truth and correct "the damnable"
injustice of. the faked historical accounts
of this famous episode. Sheridan's ride,
he says, was all "poppycock."
General Wright was in command of the
Sixth Corps and Manning was quarter
master general and second In command
General Manning says that he met Sheri
dan two years before his death and that
Sheridan then admitted that he had done
wrong in claiming the credit. General
Manning continues:
"Sheridan claimed that It was his arrival
that turned the tide of battle. Some poet
wrote a gushing song about the matter
and that settled it. Since then it has been
absolutely useless to tell the truth about
this historic Incident.
"Js'ow, what are the facts In this case?
I speak from personal knowledge, as the
second officer in command, when I say
that Sheridan's iide is pure poppycock.
He did ride from Winchester, but no fast
er than any other well mounted otlit-or
' could have done. He claimed to havt
found the whole army disorganized and
fleeing down the valley and that it was
his presence that turned the tide. It is
absolutely false. His coming changed
nothing. When he reached us he found a
lot of sutlers, camp-followers and bum
mers running toward Winchester. That is
always the case in all-armies when In bat
tle. Possibly there might have been 500
of this crowd that Sheridan met. but they
did not constitute the army by a long
shot. Sheridan waved his sword at them
In a theatrical manner, and some of them
stopped and many more didn't."
PRINCETON STUDENTS
MEET UNTIMELY DEATH
PRINCETON*, X. J.. May 20.— While
trying to shoot the rapids in a canoe at
Kingston dam, about two miles from
Princeton, Philip Kingsland Hay of Nut
ley, N. J.. and Christopher C. Augur of
Evanston, III..- members of the sopho
more class, were drowned to-day. Au
gur's body was recovered.
Augur was the son- of Major J. A. Au
gur of the United States Fourth Cavalry,
now at Manila. He was 23 yeara old, and
assistant manager of the gymnasium
team.
flay was 13 years old, a member of the
university gymnasium team and "Tiger"
board, and was editor-elect of next year's
"Bric-a-Brac."* : ;
"Lrt me tell you." be began again, "if
Russia suffered one groat, overwhelming
battle she would co to pieces because of
her own df-cemrnlizing forces — forces
¦which are kept within bourds only by fear
and the dread of pur.ishment and exile."
"As a cosmopolitan, rather than an en
voy of the Suiian. I would fav that Rus
sia's jrreateet danger is from horyolf. She
is composed of a strange conglomeration
of ppopV-5. many of whom have no sym
pathy for each other. It also happens
that some r.f th<> subjupattMa peoples that
have com<» under the sway of the Czar are
higher in the standard of intellect, morala
and physical strength than the race of the
ruling Romanoffs, as the Caucasian, for
instance, who 1b far superior in prowess
nf war: there is the Pole, who is hi^Her
in the scale of in!e!le'*tunl endowments,
and the Finn, who 5s more moral in his
ha hits nf life. And yet Russia is still
spreading out. still grasping for more, still
taking under her peopl«-s -who are wholly
anta^f>njFtic to her in point of all racial
qualities."
'From what I could learn of the desires
of the Sultan in conversation with him. he
is anxkms to increase the prowess of his
r.aval forces. I will not give the reasons.
1 will nut say whether we fear Russia,
Kn^land or any other country, but at any
rate v« s<^> that our navy must be put on
¦¦a basis with •wesstwn "countries. From
what we have se«n and learned of the
American ravy it seemed there could be
no better place to learn modern methods
of construction ;han in America- Apain,
it is a neutral poirer srd would not view
such a visit with suspicion. I was se
lected for the mission l*ecause I am the
engineer in chk-f of the Turkish navy.
"I shall docbtlerc visJt the different
naval stations of this country, perhnps po
a* far as San Francisco, hut will give
special ettenrion to the navy yards at
HrookJyn and Newport News. When I
have reported to the Sublime Porte the
result nf rnv study, then 1 mav moke some
purchases."
When the admiral was risked to speak
of the situation between Russia and Tur
key he said:
My business is that nf an engineer, not
of a diplomat. Of diplomatic relations,
therefore. I have no right to speak. That
lalls to the duty of our Turkish Minister
at "Washington. As yet 1 am •waiting in
structions from the Sublime Porte, They
are to come to me from the Minister, but
inasmuch as I arrived only last nisrht I
am not purprised that I have not heard
from him.
NEW YORK, May 20.— Rear Admiral
Ahmed Pasha, who arrived at this port
Friday r.icht, paid la«t niprht that his mis
sion to this country had no connection
with any work of diplomacy. In speaking
nf the report that he had any proposals to
make to this country concerning the in
demnity claimed by the United States
from Turkey because of injuries FUff.rtd
by missionaries during the Armenian
troubles, h<? said:
May Travel aa Far as San. Francisco,
but Will Give Especial Attention
to JTavy Yards at Brooklyn
and Newport News.
Engineer-in-Chief of Sul
tan's Navy Says He
Come to Study.
AHMED PASHA
TELLS OF HIS
MISSION HERE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ MAY 21, 1900.
Believed ' That Russian Government
Will Require No Further Loans. >
ST. PETERSBURG, May 20.— An Impe
rial ukase has been published announcing
the redemption of the debt of theMmpe
rial treasury to the state bank for bank
notes. Issued for the purpose of meeting
the expenses of the wars of 1853-56 and
1S77-78. It provides that henceforward; no
bank notes shall be issued to meet the re
quirements of the treasury.-.
This liquidation Is regarded as an lndl-
, cation that; the imperial treasury. will not
need further loans to meet'the budget ex
penditure. In 1892 the debats totaled 742,
000.000 roubles/ which amount has been ex
tinguished. .• ¦ • •
¦rtllffkrtftW JHHI'IH ¦HMH^EmBBB
OLD WAR DEBTS PAID.
OBERAMAIERGAU, May 20.— A dress
rehearsal of the "Passion Play" was at
tended by 4000 people to-day, many Ameri
cans being present.
. The tragedy of the crucifixion waa never
before so marvelously- represented. It
was an all-day performance, with Bibli
cal tableaux of *he scenes preceding the
crucifixion Intervening.
Hen\ Anton Lang, the Christus of this
year s production, is a* man j of fine pres
e » ce " .¦ chastened beauty: and devout,
thoughtful demeanor. .... *¦,
Presented Than Ever.
Tragedy of the Crucifixion Better
? n s at urd ay and told him to be brave dur
ing Meyer's execution. Mollneux says he
does not dread the death of a fellqw-pris-
PASSION P:LAY REHEARSAIj.
LONDON— The Mansion House fund for the
relief of the victims of the Ottawa fire has
reached £50,000.
ITHACA, N. T.— Gardiner S. Williams, emer
itus professor of science and art of teaching In
Cornell University, died of paralysis last nisht.
aged 72.
DES MOINES— The National Mother's Con
grejs will be called to order to-morrow morn
ing by Mrs. Theodore "\V. Blrney of Washing
ton. D. C.
PARIS — The Eclalre publishes a document en
deavoring- to prove Its contention that the 'Wal
deck-Rousseau. Ministry wishes to reopen the
Dreyfus affair.
,¦'¦:
2
222-224. SUTTER STREET
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
FOR NOME—Buslnsss dur-
ing the past week kept U5 busy day
and night Do' not delay your order*
If you want them properly packed;
it takes time, and we know how. We
pack and deliver free to steamship
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Eggs, rery best I7lc
Laet week !2%c
Hammocks, latest style 70c
Woven of best cotton, "fast colors."
size of bed 36x71 Inches. Regularly
»0c. Complete line of hammocks.
Cherry Fitter, "Th3 Rapid" 50c
Remove* stones quick and easy.
Regularly 6Cc.
Sardines, French • . 2Cc
Imported, larffe tins. Regularly 30c.
Society Tea 60c Ib
A most fragrant blend of the Oolont:
character. Beg. "oc. Sample pkg. liv.
Honey in Gen!), best 15c coin!]
Regularly 20c.
Moth Balls 5c Ib
To preserve your winter clothing and
furniture. P.egularly 10c Ib.
Fruit Press, Henis' 25c
To mash fruit and vegetables.
V ; Regularly 3*:.
Olives, Ga!. Black, ripe 20c
Regularly Ec.
Maple Sugar, ffisr* 20c Ib
This season's.
Cherries in Maraschino pint bot 40c
Quart Bottle 65c
"Victor" brand, none finer.
Regularly 60c and 70c.
Whisky, 0. K. Bourbon 3 bats $2
Gallon 9S.OO
The old reliable.
Regularly !1 bottle and f* gallon. *
"straight" / bUC DOl
Bottled in bond, made In 1S33.
Regularly £L25.
" Malt, "Acme" 75c bot
Not an Intoxicating beverage. A pure
medicinal article. Regularly 85c.
11 Hunter's $1.35 bot
Baltimore Rye.
Just In— NEW CURRANT JELLY.
First of the Season.
DON'T PAT THE FANCY PRICES
- ' FOR
Furniture, Carpets, Etc.
Of the bis: stores before you inspect
our LITTLE AT THE TIME PAY-
MENT PRICES.
Estimates given on complete bouse
furnishing.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN 100 MILE3
BRBLLB ANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evening. NEAIl POW1TLL.
WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
•'Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce «rav« to
the public the most remarkable remedy eve-
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hav»
been permanently relieved and radically CtTRKO
by this great appliance and thousands of others*
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thij
Truss is different ftom all others. It does th«
work! "--Vi-
Tou can net our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
lnsc at the office, or tt will be sent on receipt o£
a 2-eent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
'magnetic elastic truss co.,
G2O Market Street (Orposita Palace Hotel).
San Francisco.
" Eastern Office — New Tork City.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great j
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
C% ioaiiAsxirw.t«t.eA*7&,5.r.cd.i
. \.1Z3\: ' .-' The Lareett Anatomical Museum in the \
World. Weaknesses or ' any coniracted M
jKSf SS diiea« pc5lll»rl T ci.r«>dbytheolaMt f
JBy Speciallitcn ti*. Cout Est. 36 years &
U SEE CR ' «**0 R 0W«-PRI¥ATE DISEASES *
Bfflm toj«ultation frro and strictly pririft \
J JtSw^ Tn ument personally <\r by letter. A M
¦ yCl /*«.«»« Cttr* in etery case undertaken. V
IT H' 111 ' '. w 'itefor Book. rniLOSOPaVtli
II I MaRBMCE, MAILED FRHB- 'A.W
£ H -:¦ valuable book for men; ' ¦ < " \
DKJOBDAH A CO.. 1051 Market Ht. . 8. F. f
Will sail from Seattle and Tacoma Juno 71.
July SI- and -Aurust 17. The SENATOR,
sailing- July 21. will make an Excursion Trip
via the Berine Straits, past East Cape on the
Siberian coast, crossing: the Arctic Circle, pass-
inif into the Arctic Ocean. Passengers are ad-
vised to inspect the Senator before purchasing
tickets via other steamers, as her second-class
and steerage accommodations are superior to
the flrst-c!a«s accommodations on most of thn
steamers advertised for Nome. The Paclfls
Coast Steamship Company has ; been running
Its steanrers to Alaska— winter and summer—
for 23 years and Is . the Pinneer Paclflc Coast
Line, f For further Information Inquire of
J. F. TROWIiRIDGE. Ocean Dock. Seattle.
"Wash.; tti POSTOX. 249 W'ashlnarton »t.. Port-
land. Or.: W. PARRJS. 124 West Soc-ond St..
Lou . Angeles. Cal.: GOODALI,, PERKINS .fe
CO., Gen.- Ajrents. 4 New Montgomery at or It)
Maikst st., Saa Francisco. Cal,
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
se:n".a.to:r.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• fOR...
feNome
r^^£|3ij GOLD FIELDS
-^ W *84 DIRECT.
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
CAPE' NOME
Buv a "bottle and begin taking it TODAY.
Ho@i§*& SapsaparBSBa
And you are neglecting your health unless you are
one of the, million who are. already taking Hood's
Sarsaparilla. As a. cure for all humors in the blood,
"salt rheum and scrofula tamts, dyspeptic and bilious :
symptoms, rheumatic twinges and catarrhal troubles,
loss of appetite and that tired feeling, there is nothing
equal to that tried, tested and true Spring Medicine,
S3 k££3T & Inn. id .. cM t
¦a nan SB im kV
Bl" wU& ™ B 19 Ev^rst. <Bt
¦ KTM& jHSf
si A u ' KM * hmm ' aJ amaS ¦ af^ !¦ Ml Ej
Id 1 m EH H lH irai
r8,13.C6 T' Hy con n^ting these
¦*¦ •*****«""' two immense etruc-
__^__^__^_ tures places under
.-ir: one management 1490
arm I 0om9 w of whf cr>
Clllvl have baths attached.
¦ Tourists and travel-
— — """"— ~^~~" ers from every section
r"*~.^-*-.-1 of the world recognize
lyPflTIQ and appreciate the
v* x ««axv& comforts and convenl-
, pncea offered by these
hotels.
TJ/n^-^Io American plan. Eu-
ilUlCliJ ropean plan. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.The day opened for the delegates at 7
o'clock in the morning, when they all met
at the Central Methodist Church. At 9:30
o'clock the delegates held prayer circles
and family worship wherever quartered
about the city, and at 11 o'clock they at
tended the local churches. At 2:15 to-day
j a street song service was held on the
plaza, conducted by Miss Nettle C. Smal
ley of Pacific Grove. At 3 o'clock there
were three simultaneous rallies, one at
the pavilion, conducted by Francis W.
Reid, for men only. «
The principal speakers were State Young
Men's • Christian Association Secretary
William M. Parsons and Dr. W. H. G.
Temple of Seattle. There was another
rally for young people at the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church, and a third
was held at the First Presbyterian
Church for children and parents. This
evening there was a vesper service, led by
George P. Lowell of Oakland. This was
followed by a devotional service led by
the Rev. Arthur C. Dodd of National
City. The convention chorus was then
sung, after which the newly elected offi
cers were installed with due ceremony.
The members of the Stockton 1900 com
mittee and the . representatives of
Santa Ana, where the 1&01 convention will
be held, were then introduced to the au
dience amid loud applause. A vocal duet
by the .Roberts sisters of Oakland was
followed by an address by Rev. William
White of San Francisco, "Let Your Light
Shine." after which ¦ the male quartet
from Alameda County sang. Dr. Temple
delivered an ' address on ' "Power — Its
Source and Use," following which the
jjonventlon chorus rendered an anthem.
The closing exercise was the consecra
tion service, led by Retiring State Presi
dent J. E. Coulthurst. The convention
closed with the singing of the hymn "God
Be With You Till We Meet Again," and
the Mizpah benediction.
•While the attendance was large, It did
not equal expectations. There were regis
tered 834 delegates and 459 visitors, mak
ing a total of 1351. The largest delegation
was from San Joaquin County— 147 jun
iors, 15 Intermediates and 256 seniors. Ala
meda County was second with 3 Interme
diates and 110 seniors. The largest dele
gation from Southern California was 13—
from Los Angeles.
New Officers Installed in the Even
ing and the Session Closes
"With the Mizpah
Benediction. .
Sabbath Spent in Services
and Denominational
Rallies.
CLOSE OF THE
CONVENTION OF
EHDEAVOHERS
mittee of the Democratic Union party has
decided to recommend that the members
of the party abstain from voting at the
coming elections. The party leaders con
tend that the election preparations are
being carried out in such an unfair way
as to make it Impossible for the opponents
of those in power to get a hearing. On
the other hand, It Is asserted that the
real motive underlying this action "Is the
conviction of the leaders of the Demo
cratic Union party that, as the Spaniards
will refuse to vote, the party has no hope
Of success.
BOOM FOR FAIRBANKS.
Indiana Senator Mentioned for the
Presidency in 1904.
INDIANAPOLIS,^ May 20.— Indiana Re
publican leaders and delegates to the Na
tional convention will go to Philadelphia
with the intention of starting a booom for
Senator Fairbanks for President in 1904.
They have talked the matter over among
themselves and have come to the conclu
sion that the time is ripe to begin. Since
Congressman I^andis, in a speech before
the State convention, announced that In
diana would propose the name of Senator
Fairbanks for President in 1904 it has been
regarded as almost a certainty that Sen
ator Fairbanks will be a candidate for the
nomination.
Republican leaders in the State say
there is a growing sentiment for him else
where, and that unless something unex
pected happens the prominent men of a
number of States will rally to his support
when the time comes for him to make an
announcement. It is generally believed
that the course of Senator Fairbanks has
been pleaplng to the President, Senator
Hanna and others, and the leaders ln this
State feel that it will not be difficult to
impress the crowds at Philadelphia that
Senator Fairbanks is the right man for
the party to name for President next
time. It is probable that Senator Fair
banks will be made chairman of the In
diana delegation at Philadelphia, There
will probably be a thousand Indlanana at
the convention.
MAY FOEM NEW PARTY.
Hawaiians Do Not Care to Become
Bepublicans or Democrats.
HONOLULU, May 12.— If their leaders
have any control over their political des
tinies the natives ot, the islands will not
for some time to coma express affiliation,
with either of the two great political
parties.
So much was decided by a number of
them at a meeting held recently. At this
meeting were men Inclined to be Republi
cans, and some favorable to he princi
ples of Democracy. A majority, it may
be said, were dubious of both, and favor
ed some sort of Hawaiian alliance, tak
ing in such whites as -were acceptable to
their ideas. The Portuguese were men
tioned.
The wish or desire or idea of the natives
Is to form an Independent party. This was
plain in the meeting. If they had a
strong leadership and money this would
unquestionably be done, it was re
marked that out of 14,000 votes that could
be mustered the natives would poll 9000.
Some of these would be lost to the Repub
lican and Democratic parties, but with
white and Portuguese allies they would
have a large majority.
STTCCESSFTTL WOMAN MINEB.
'.'Pop-Corn Kate."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gold TJnearthed by Men Employed. by
VICTORIA, B. C. , May 20.— A woman
mine operator, known as "Popcorn Kate,"
has been tunneling on a hillside opposite
Discovery, on. Pine, and has taken out an
ounce per day to the man, and she had
sixteen men at work. There are 3000 peo
ple at Atlin and not one Idle. A large
number, of Britishers are j making i big
Investments, totaling some millolns. In
systematic working of Atlln properties.
The latest rich find is reported. from the
bank of Lake Bennett. When some of the
railway men were prospecting .they came
across good surface ore about eight miles
down the lake and not far from camp B of
the railway company- A more thorough
search brought about the discovery of .a
ledge of ore which assayed $60 to the, ton
in silver and gold.
the students to be converted by them into
a proper gymnasium. The question of
nttlngs, however, still remained to be
solved.
After much debating as to the best
means of raising the necessary funds.
Alfred Blumenthal, business manager of
the High School paper, the Searchlight,
hit on the happy Idea of an entertainment,
and on Mny 2S and 29 San Rafael will
crowd the opera-house here to witness the
talent of the High School tread the
boards In comedy. Four farces will
be given, a double bill each even-
Ing, and the careful rehearsing and
drilling the young actors have gone
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 2O.-The students
of San Rafael High School are noth
ing if not up- to date in their ideas
on education, and for a long time
have agitated among themselves the
desirability of possessing a .modern gym
nasium, equipped with the latest appara
tus for the development of the muscles
Up till now the school had only had
the regulation outside gymnasium, a pair
of parallel bars, a trapeze and a hori
zontal bar. These are now doomed and
a large class room has been set apart for
through at the hands of Director Stephen
Shakespeare insures an excellent enter
tainment. Almost the entire house has
been sold out In advance and San Rafael
has taken up with the enthusiasm— the
project of the students to keep their bod
ily development in line with their mental
achievements.
The following students comprise tne
casts for the two evenings: May Chls
holm, Laure Sartori, Leone .Herzog, Flor
ence Blumenthal. Olivia Jacobs. Zelma
Walker. Irving Maynes, Harold Moore
head, Hugh Walker, R. S. Ray, Edwaxd
Day; George M. Day, stage manager, and
Alfred Blumenthal, business manager.
LEADING SPIRITS IN SAN RAFAEL HIGH SCHOOL THEATRICALS.
Will Celebrate a Year of Unparalleled
Prosperity in the San Joaquin
Valley.
STOCKTON MERCHANTS
PLAN A STREET FAIR
Pp»oinl Dl^patrh to The Call.
STOCKTON'. May 2O.-The merchants
j of Stockton have decided to celebrate an
unparalleled reign of prosperity for the
Sun Joaouln Valley by holding a free
Ftrrot fair from Tuesday, Juno 26, to
Wednesday. July 4, concluding with a
preat Independence day celebration. To
this end the Merchants' and Manufact-
I urers' Arsociation has held several meet
, inps. resulting in the formation of a com
mittee on n^anspement, composed of sub
committees, which cover every branch
and detail of the street fair. The officers
of the street fair are: President. Orrin
Henderson, president of the Board of
Supervisors and president of the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association;
first vice president. F. M. West, president
of the Chamber of Commerce: second vice
president. EL \V\ S. Woods, a prominent
i capitalist of Stockton, with W. W. West
bay a? treasurer and Colvln B. Brown a«
secretary.
Th" street fair will be held in the cen
»rr section of the city on the plaza and
surrounding the county building. These
streets during the street fair will he oc
cupied with booths, stages for free per
formances, sideshows, midway attractions
and Krand stands to accommodate the
public. The entire affair will be under the
direction of L. W. Iiuckley. who has suc
cessfully manage! a number of similar en
tertainments in this State. Stockton will
be the third city west of the Rocky Moun
tains to hold such a fair. Riverside and
Sacramento being first and second respec
tively.
It has been decided to have a queen of
the carnival, who will be transformed
into the Goddess of Liberty on the Fourth
of July. There will be a trades parade,
merchants' parade, patriotic .and secret
societies' parade on the closing day, July
4. IHiring- the street fair some of the best
vaudeville acts in the country will be
given on the stage free.
Saturday. June 30. will be given over to
the reign of the fun makers, headed by
the King Pin Fun Makers. The week will
be memorable for Stockton and the en
tire Joaquin Valley, and the city will un
questionably be visited by thousands of
people, taking advantage of reduced rail
way rates and an opportunity to view the
magnificent specialties and clean shows
There will be no "skin" display features
in the midway, all such shows being elim
inated, and every effort will be made to
give a thorough appreciable .entertain
ment. ' •
The headquarters for the street free
fair has been opened in the Windsor Ho
tel building at the corner of Weber ave
nue and Hunter street.
Much Interest Centers in the Pro-
COMMENCEMENT AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC
gramme for the Next Four
Days.
Bpecial DUpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 20.— The commence
ment and graduating exercises of the
University of the Pacific are now ln
progress and will continue until ThurB
day. To-day the annual love feast of
students, faculty and friends was held
at 11 a. m.. and at 3 p. m. Rev. J. W.
Dlnsmor© preached the bacca-laureate
sermon. Rev. A. J. Hanson delivered the
university address ln the evening.
Great interest centers ln the proceed
lngtf of the next four days, and many
friends of the school from abroad will be
in attendance.
Monday's programme Includes the grad
uating exercises of the commercial de
partment, and ln the evening the anni
versary of the Sopholechtian Society;
Tuesday, grand concert by Conservatory
of Music; Wednesday, class day exer
cises and ajinlversary of Rhizomia So
ciety. The big event is on Thursday. In
the morning the graduating exercises of
the College of Liberal Arts and Conser
vatory of Music will be held. Rev. S. D.
Hutslnplller of San Francisco will de
liver the address of the occasion. The
graduates are as follow: Degree of
Bachelor of Arts-^Iames Falconer, L. R.
Fulmer; degree of Bachelor of Philoso
phy. Florence .M. Louden: degree of
Bachelor of Letters— Louis H. Albertson
Rue D. £lsh; degree of Bachelor of
Science, Illlam J. Miller, Laurer L.
Shearer; degree of Bachelor of Music-
Gertrude M. Allen (piano), Henrietta La
Due Howard (violin), Nellie Frances
Ford (violin), Caroline H. Pitkin (vocal)
Mary E. W'ldney (vocal).
A business meeting of the Alumni As
sociation will be held ln the afternoon
and the anniversary exercises of the as
sociation in the evening. Rev. A .C.
Bane of San Francisco will be the prin
cipal speaker.
ATTEMPTED MURDER
IN A CHICO HOTEL
B. N. Messer Fires Two Shots at
Charles Menzies After a
Quarrel]
Special Dispatch to The Call. . i
CHICO, May 20.— R. N. Messer attempt
ed to murder Charles Menzies of the
Butte County Electric Power and Light
ing Company at the Park Hotel this
afternoon. A few minutes previous to
. the assault Menzies and Messer had a
difficulty In tbo bairoom, Messer receiv
ing- some rough treatment. Messer left
the place vowing he would soon return
and settle matters with Menzies.
Messer returned by the • rear door of
the hotel, and meeting Menzies ln the hall
opened flro with a revolver. Two shots
were fired in rapid succession, but neither
took effect, and Menzies escaped through
a rear door. Measer was disarmed by by
standers and was placed under arrest.
On account of the high standing of both
parties there Is much excitement here.
rSShoSLl "215*!?&hT82 5 d I ni ? rlj ' ln hls convocation when he was
by M™ t^r e thls clty - "* that is lhe sole ba * ls k the
hotSSlS *» Sfi^ Wl11 nOt dlscuss th * ™«* r «« remains at White's
*a^ t o lead a «£,n2 n P ro * ramme *°r the opening sermon this morning,
ina to lead a grand rally and appeal to the unsaved" this evenine but did
COLO II DEATH
WITH 11 DAGGER
IN HER BREAST
Just above the heart. He pulled the dag
ger from the wound .ind shouted to his
mother; who upon reaching t .e chamber
i. n " r - d ,, hfm st £f d: "E bv th <? bed with the
weapon In hi.- hand. A p..vsieian w;,<
S£%&Si3&3 the %°M haS di;d
Bcnjr-min "Wright, the prisoner's broth
er, noting the police that Mrs. Butler
fcaa committed suicide, but thev found
suoh suspicious circumstances that thov
d^.-o^l not to allow the body to be ro
rr.o\od unti! tho m^rtica! examination had
be«n made. The police ssy rhe could not
nave mf.icted the wound herself. Little is
known of the woman except that she had
worked In the restaurant, where youne
\\ right evidently fell in love with her.
Supposed Murder of a Hand
some Woman in Rox
bury, Mass.
rdirin T. Wii^bt Under Arrest on a
Char-e That He Took the
L5fe of Sirs. Mae
Butler.
BOSTON. May =".— Mae Bir.lPr. an un-
DruaHy handsome woman. 23 years of ag»
bikJ said to have hern married, was found
li'ad in bed at the residence of Mrs. A. K.
Wripi.t. in Roxbury, this morning with a
dae&er ; n h*>r breast. Edwin T. Wright.
sr-n of Mrs. Wriftht. Is under arrest on
F-jf pi. ion at bavins murdered her.
\VrlK"t is 21 years old. and pays he r>»
oam-' acquainted with Mrs. Butler at a
rffWKrar.t. where she was emrloyed as a
waitress. Sh.» was taken ill. and as sM«
appeared to h» without home or friem'.s
be t'i'Jk her to his home. According to
Wright's story. Mrs. Sutler asked him to
f=:t In Che ro< m with hf-r last niifht. an-3
i.»- r< rnaiiieu thtre v.-ith her until
cfter midnight. Then she asked him to
gf»t her a drink of water. He wpnt down
ftair?. nni nn romming found h^r lying
en h*>r back wilb the dapger in hrr brenst
Sensational Charge Made From the
Pulpit by Rev. Mr. Melnturff
of Spokane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ACCUSES A BROTHER
PARSON OF GAMBLING
t "Mamma sent me to get a • hair brush."
"What sort of hair brush do you want?"
"I want one with a soft back."— Collier's
Weekly. . y ¦ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May,20.— Politicians of both
forces took a rest to-day, and, aside
from a little quiet button-holing, little
campaign work was done. The lull be
fore the battle of ballots to-morrow was
tiring in its quietness after the excite
ment of the last few days. Both sides
are lined up for the struggle, which prom
ises to mean so much for San Jose. The
real question before the voters is whether
the administration of the city shall be
gang or anti-gang.
Indications are such that a victory of
the citizens' ticket seems certain, but, of
course, something unforeseen might hap
pen. The Itea sang admits the election
will be close. Mayor Martin claims his
re-election. He is pleading for one more
term, that some ideas that recently came
to him might be put into effect.
Edwards is standing on his past record
as a citizen and business man. His pro
gressiveness was shown in the Bank Com
mision and the general Interest he has
taken In city affairs. The Citizens' Com
mittee of One Hundred claims his election
and the rest of the ticket by a good ma
jority. The Citizens* platform is short
and to the point, and with Edwards to
administer city affairs along Its lines San
Jose's future Is bright. The party declares
itself for a better and greater city and
the purging of yolitics from .its affairs;
the abolishment of favoritism and nepot
ism that has so characterized Martin's
administration, and the impartial en
forcement of the provisions of the new
charter. The committee pledges this
ticket to such an administration: Mayor,
H. J. Edwards; Clerk, William J.
Dougherty; Treasurer. William Fischer;
Councilmen— Second Ward. Byron Mil
lard; Third Ward, Tobe'Lord.
The Citizens' committee this afternoon
appointed a full list of precinct watchers
and workers, and took other means to
prevent any of the disreputable methods
that have hitherto characterized politics
in this city. For the first time In the his
tory of reform movements in this city
has practical politicians been directing
affairs. - r «
The Rea and Mackenzie push will make
a desperate effort to carry the city. Their
defeat to-morrow, coming on top of the
Good Government League victory at. the
last county election, means their utter an
nihilation. They have promised positions
on the boards and commissions, and even
traded the rest of their ticket to try and
save Martin. The orders have been to do
anything to elect the Mayor, as they will
have a majority in the boards "and com
missions for over a~ year, even if defeat
ed. Many former devotees of Rea and
Mackenzie have deserted them, and the
twin bosses realize they are up against a
hard thing.
It is believed Edwards will g-et a big
quiet vote from business people who fear
gang rule. His forces are united and
confident, and the general expression Is
that he will be lected.
San Jose Is Ready for
To-Day's Battle of
Ballots.
Reformers Claim a Good Majority,
While Members of the Gang
Say the Contest "Will
11a PlniP
ije uose.
REA FORCES
WILL MAKE II
STRONG TIGHT
JT1IE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 23, 1900.
Proceeds of the • Entertainment Will Be Used to
Furnish a New Gymnasium in the
High School Building.
SAN RAFAEL STUDENTS
- . ' TO APPEAR IN FARCE
by peritonitis (general) caused by per
foration of the Intestines, due to typnotd
fever. The case was under Christian Sol
entlst management, and had no medical
care or treatment, and. in our opinion.
she did not have Intelligent care which
would give her any possible chance for re
covery. *
SUICIDE OF AH" OLD MAN
William Le Montagne Ends His Lifa
in San Jose.
Sp#dal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May 20.— William le Mon
tagne, an old resident of this county, com
mitted suicide at noon to-day at the
Branch Pacific Hotel on South Market
street by cutting his throat. He had been
drinking for several days, and despond
ency is said to have been the cause. Mon
tagne slashed his throat and stabbed
himself in the stomach. Ho then opened
a window leading: out on to a porch on
the first story and tumbled over the rail-
Ing to the sidewalk, a distance of about
twenty feet. He was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he died about an
hour later.
Montagne was formerly a prosperous
farmer in the Almaden district, but ad
versities overtook him. A family of
grown children survives him. He was a
native of New York, aged about 53 veara.
Eighty Men of the Fortieth Regiment
Rout 500 Filipinos, Inflicting
Heavy Losses.
MANILA, May 20.— Five hundred insurgents, half of whom were armed
with rifles, ambushed eighty soldiers of th© Fortieth "Volunteer Infantry In
the hills near Aquasan. in the northern part of Mindanao. The Americans
routed the natives, killing fifty-one. The American casualties were two
killed and three wounded.
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS
MAY BE PROSECUTED
Masons of Topeka Incensed at the
Death of Mrs. John H.
Torrence.
TOPEKA, Kans.. May 20.— The Masonic
order of Topeka, particularly the Knights
Templar, are planning to prosecute local
Christian Scientists, who, they say,
were responsible for the death of Mrs.
John M. Torrence. Mr. Torrence was.
up to the time of his death, eight months
ago, chief clerk in the Santa Fe car ser
vice here. He was a leading Mason. His
wife died yesterday from typhoid fever.
She was a Christian Scientist, and. with
the local healers, resisted the demands of
her friends that a physician be sum
moned.
Mrs. Whltlock of Chicago, mother of
Mrs. Torrence, was, it is asserted, re
fused permission to see her daughter, but
finally entered the sIck room. Mrs. E. E.
Whltaker, the Scientist In charge, said in
testifying at the Coroner's inquest, that
Mrs. Torrence was killed by the shock of
the surprise at seeing her mother, and
not by the lack of medicine. The Cor
oner's jury rendered the following ver
dict:
"Mrs. J. M. Torrence came to her death
INSURGENTS AMBUSH
AMERICAN SOLDIERS
Democratic Union ' Leaders "Advise
Their Following Not to Vote.
HAVANA, May 20.— The organizing com-
NO HOPE OF SUCCESS.
STOCKTON. May 20.— After a most suc
cessful four days' session in the Stockton
Agricultural Pavilion, the thirteenth an
nual State Christian Endeavor convention
closed with the Mizpah benediction, ren
dered by 3000 people, standing, at 10 o'clock
to-night. '
Devotional services occupied the dele
gates most of the day, and the local pul
pits were occupied by the visiting clergy
men, the local clergy all being present at
the closing ceremonies of the convention
this evening.
3
H £^i5S^HE all-important feature of this
III /njjlllll Illll' sale is the values S iven > which S^j
M \/^**$ are t0 y° ur advantage. The suits fM
||i| are made to measure from the fejffl
III following durable and dressy materials: |||
W black cheviot indigo blus serge ||
II blue cheviot new light blue serge g
Mi Cheviots, serges and clay worsteds, of course, ||jj
III come in all qualities, so we want you to know $m
|H that the cloths we are using for these suits are $*|j
III 520 values. Suits, made to order from ma- |p3
|H terials as good as ours, are selling to-day in jj||
IH San Francisco tailoring establishments for $20. ||1
III This assertion is a broad one—we wish you jjgij
H to confirm it by getting our samples and com- re]
j&H paring them with any $20 values you choose, iigj
llj This should satisfy you as regards the ma- §|
|j|l terial. Our guarantee should satisfy you as |||
i||S regards the making: Ml
|p| Money returned if you want it; o*r |j§
||| Clothes kept in repair free for one year. ||
III Do you know of any other place but ours j||
W& where you can get protection when buying jm^
Ipi Suppose you get our samples to-day — you |||
Wi will tegin a system of saving — your clothing ||]
gill bill will be smaller hereafter. f||
i^l Out-of-town orders filled for made-to-order clothes— writs gt>i
Kiil for samples; fit assured by our self-measuring. blank. f:y\
Pll 718 Market Street and &3j
Smiths
Seven
jf^- Specials <ct^
f| Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. 1
§ Olive Oil quirt hot. 65c a
f? Antonir.i brand — world's Jj
«£ fine5t — mi!j pure — flavor jj
ur.mstchable— regular 85c %
\ Currant Jelly 12J^c
" Pure food brand — large jar
;-j jars-— perfect goods— home £
£; prepared — regular 20c
I Table Apricots 10c
•I Haywards brand — well can
% known — reliable — new '
pack— worth more whole- |*
5 sale — regular 15c «j
1 Sago or Tapioca ?£ 25c |
} Eithersaso, pearl orflaked jj
M tapioca — prime sweet — £
b best Rrads — reg. $c per lb. H
I Nutmegs is for lOc |
j? Whole — sound and "juicy" U
I regularly sold 12 for ice y
FlOUr 50 Ib bag for 70c |
j Oregon Valley— roller
j process — makes sweet, ¦
wholesome bread — guaran- g
te«l to satisfv or money g
refunded — delivered free In B
city only — regular 80c D
I Succotash 10c D
;; Fancy goods — creamy — on Eg
* rich—'tendCT — delicious^ — K
t^ regular 15c goods Jj
j Cape Nome 1
| We've got it What? Grub, |
5 tools, clothing and everything y
r else for roughing It. Money H
| savers — on prices, packing, S
| freight space. Get our lists. H
- Positively no commissions paid, jfl
K ESTIMATES— Let us figure on g
any goods you contemplate n
<| purchasing for the camp, mine, fi
H ranch, hotel or summer resort, jy
H Our prices will save you money. B
25-2T MARKET ST.
1 Rheumatism,
B Kidney Trouble,
H Bladder Ailment,
t Stomach Trouble,
I Female Complaints,
I Catarrh.
g Nervousness, and
S All Blood Diseases.
jp A t DrussleU. "
hi %\ bottle.The reports from Paris are to the effect that Count
Boni de Castellane is expected to take a prominent
part in attacking the Government when the Chamber
of Deputies gets down to serious work. It will be.re
membered that while in New York he promised to
shoot somebody to death on his return home, and it
is rather disappointing to learn that he is going to
content himself with shooting his own mouth off.
The advance In coal at Baltimore It Is
estimated, will cost the consumers of that
city an extra $3,000,000 this year.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 *
Look out for 81 Fourth (5c barber, gro
cer);, best eyeglasses, specs. 10c to 40c •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib atTownsend'a."
Peddler— I have a most valuable book to
sell, madam; it tells one how to do any
thing.
Lady (sarcastically)— Does It tall on«
how to get rid of a pestering' peddler?
Peddler (promptly) — Oh. yes, madam;
buy something from him. — Exchange^
TTjg Advice.
"Wife of Patient— I'm so sorry, doctor,
to bring you all the way to Haxnpstead
to see my husband.
Doctor (from Mayfair) — Pray, .' don't
mention It, my dear madam. I have an
other patient in this neighborhood, so I'm
killing two birds with one stonol"—
Punch.
An Unfortunate Expression.
Mr. Wheatpit— My failure i^the talk of
tne street. At the meeting of ray credi
tors to-day I arranged to pay 10 cents on
the dollar.
Mrs. Wheatplt (after a moment's flour
ing) — Oh, Henry. Isn't that lovely? Then
the fifty-dollar hat I had sent homo to
day will only cost you Jo.— Life.
Saving Him Money.
Old Califomians will be Interested in
the two S. M. Brookes' fruit pictures now
on. exhibition here. Mr. Brookes was a
long-ago favorite of the California public,
and his fruit, fish and other edible ar
rangements in . art were deservedly fa
mous as dining-room decorations. The
two specimens in question are peach ana
apple panels, and are happy examples of
the late artist's manner.
William Keith. Grace Hudson and Theo
dore Worea are also, to the fore. The
Keith landscape, a cloudy day in the hills
with a brilliant break in the sky. Is a
small gem. Miss Hudson's Indians are
interesting, as usual, the '.'Head of a
Squaw" more particularly. The examples
of Mr. Wores - work are perhaps not of
his best, the wistaria garden color scheme
being somewhat forced and unnatural.
Maurice B. Prendergast has an Inter
esting exhibition at a local gallery- This
clever Bostonian, whose close artistic
friendship with our prince of painters.
Whistler, is quoted as hl3 raison d'etre,
perhaps hardly -needs this stunning
recommendation, though that the exam
ples of his work here ! exhibited are of
his best is, 1 think, doubtful. All water
colors are these and mostly Venetian, a
curious compound in style of Ford Madox
Brown, Walter Crane and the very orig
inal entity, Mr. Prendergast himself.
Strong In color, certain in drawing,
though almost insolent, yet charming, in
their vagueness at times, an unconven
tional handling of conventional subject,
a free treatement of crowds, which does
not prevent one, however, from feeling
the scene too "busy" unreposeful; some
times these drawing should command re
spectful attention from the artistic pub
lic. The "Bridge of Paglia," "Veneta
Marina," "Venetian Canal Scene" and
the "San Marca" will probably prove the
more interesting.
Miss Eva Withrow is still in London,
and according to last accounts likely to
remain there. This clever Californian
finds London to her liking, a next un
reasonable result of the very favorablo
reception she has been accorded there.
Her "Antiquarian," well known In San
Francisco, was well hung in the Royal
Academy and sold for a handsome, sum.
It has. since been reproduced by Graves,
who has taken much interest in our tal
ented compatriot, and in whose rooms an
exhibition of Miss Withrow's work has
recently been made. Miss Withrow'a
"Crystal Gazer" has attracted much fa
vorable attention, as also her portraits
of Violet, Countess of Roslyn, Miss Ma
rie Tempest, Keith Wakeman and Mrs.
Grace Morel Diekman— the two latter also
Calif ornians.
<j[ — -aTJGEXE CADANASSO leaves San
r^ Francisco this week for Santa
I , Cruz, where he will spend his sum
mer vacation. Mr. Cadanasso will
make some sea and shore sketches of
Santa Cruz during his visit.
Charles I. Diekman will return to this
city from Etaple, France, early in Au
gust, after an absence of three years. He
will bring with him many sketches of
French fisher folk snd coast scenes of
Etaple and Brittany, a favored haunt of
Punch artists.
ART AND ARTISTS.
NE"W YORK. May 20.— C. Jessnlyn and
J. C. McKee cf San Franc-.sco are at the
"Waldorf. U. S. Grant Jr. and family of
San Diego are at the Manhattan. Dr.
Potrle Hoyle and N. Bee vt San Francisco
are at the Holland.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
RED CLOTH DRESS.
The engraving represents a princess
dress of red cloth, trimmed with black
braid. The waistcoat ia of white muslin
-and the apron trimmed with braid. At
the edges of the apron are three flat pleats
on each side.
The people of California have a right to expect that
in the indictments for perjury in this case the bar w'ill
co-operate with the courts in making an investigation
that will be searching and thorough. If the accused
parties be innocent, they have a right to have that
! Under such circumstances it is the imperative dutv
j of all who have been intrusted by the people with the
I administration of justice to see to it the crime of pcr-
J jury be checked by vigorous prosecutions in every
case where it is suspected, and by the severest penal
ties in every instance where guilt is proved. That
duty is imposed not only upon Judges and juries but
I ilpon the bar itself, for the bar will not be held guilt
less if perjury escape punishment. Again and again
in cases whose magnitude or whose sensational fea
j tures attract public attention suspicion has been
j aioused that the lawyers in the case have either
suborned perjury or accepted it in the interests of
their clients. It is not necessary to cite specific in
| stances of that kind, nor to give names of suspected
; parties. It is sufficient to say such suspicions have
! been excited so frequently in contested will cases and
i other suits involving large sums of money that the
bar cannot afford to treat them"with contempt.
That there has been a tendency toward perjury in
our courts of late years is beyond dispute. The evil
has been felt in every State, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific Coast. It has been noted in high cases of
national importance, heard in evidence given before
committees of the United States Senate sitting with
the authority of courts and having the right to ad
minister oaths; and from those august tribunals
down to the Justice Courts, where the common peo
ple seek an honest settlement of. their controversies,
the same blighting villainy is manifest. It has be
come "a crime of the time," and constitutes one of
the most portentous menaces to the weltare of the re-
While thus careful not to wrong the rights of either
of those whose reputation and liberty is now at stake
upon the serious charges against them, The Call will
not pretend to be indifferent to the gravity of the
issue involved in the prosecution of perjury. Upon
the honesty of courts and their ability to secure to
every man his rights our whole social structure rests.
All civilization' is based upon justice, upon the con
fidence of men that, subject to the human liability
to error, essential fair dealing will be secured through
the courts to every member of society whenever his
property, his rights, his liberty or his life is wronged
or menaced. Therefore when justice is poisoned st
its fountain by perjury, a wrong is clone not only to
the litigants in the particular case in which the per
jury was committed but to the whole community.
THE PERJURY PROSECUTIONS.
UPON the question of the guilt or innocence of
the parties indicted by the Grand Jury for per
jury in the Fair case The Call will not under
take to pronounce judgment. The accused persons
are now in the hands of the courts and are entitled
to a fair and impartial trial, not only in the court it
self but before the larger bar of public opinion. The
Call therefore will give full reports of all the pro
ceedings in the several cases without prejudice or fa
vor and leave the decision to wait until all the "evi
dence on both sides has been heard.
As a picnic season this could hardly be beaten.
Even Bryan, were he in the -woods of California just
now, could find nothing to howl about and would be
compelled to talk optimism by the force of circum
stances and the influence of the climate.
. The Alameda Justice who sent a man to jail for
six months for stealing a kiss and then let a girl
who had stolen a diamond go with a sentence of fifty
days has so high an appreciation of kisses that the
girls should have rewarded him on the spot.
In this situation certain New York politicians have
seen a chance to boom a new candidate for the place —
none other than George B. McClellan, a son of the'
General whom the Democrats nominated for the
Presidency against Lincoln in 1864. Young McClel
lan is now a member of Congress and is said to have
expressed a willingness to take the place. He re
fused to state his views on the money question four
years ago. but he voted against the currency bill this
year, and that is supposed to make him eligible for
a position On the free silver ticket. Perhaps he will
be as good a mate as Bryan can have. He has no
more chance of carrying his State than Williams has
of carrying Massachusetts, but then he is not so much
of a talker as Williams, and that will be some ad
vantage to a ticket whose chief nominee is likely to
'overdo the talking business of the campaign without
any help from his running mate.
Most of the Democratic leaders desire ah Eastern
man on the ticket, but no name has yet been re
ceived with much favor. Pattison of Pennsylvania is
regarded as lukewarm in the cause of free silver,
Williams of Massachusetts is without influence, and
Van Wyck of New York and Dewey are too eminent
lo accept a subordinate place to Bryan.
As soon as the action at Sioux Falls had been taken
the Omaha Bee stated that Bryan's managers in the
convention had gone there with a paper in Bryan's
own handwriting suggesting three methods of dealing
with the Vice Presidency. One proposed that the
choice of the candidate for that office be left with a
committee to confer with similar committees to be
appointed- by the Democratic and the Silver Repub
lican conventions; the second that the Sioux Falls
convention select several names for the office, leaving
it to the Democrats and the Silver Republicans to
choose from among them; the third that some man
should be nominated who would withdraw if the
Democrats did not indorse him. i It is claimed that
Towne's nomination was an adoption of the third of
the three plans, and that he will retire whenever his
retirement is called for.
WHEN the Populists at Sioux Falls nominated
Towne for Vice President on the Bryan ticket
it was promptly announced, seemingly on au
thority, that the nomination would not stand, that the
Democrats would not indorse it, and that Towne
would retire to make way for the nominee of the
convention which is to meet at Kansas City, thus
saving Bryan from the perplexity of having two tails
to his kite as he had in 1896. It is probable the an
nouncement was correct, for certain it is the Demo
cratic leaders are busily casting about tor a man to
take the second place on their ticket, just as if. Air.
Towne ha'd no claims upon the position' whatever.
BRYAN'S RUNNING MATE.
The bank clearings of the country last week were
h.6 per cent less than in the same week last year.
Xew York fell off 18.8 per cent and Boston 12.3 per
cent. The commercial failures were 155, against 16S
last year. So much for statistics. They show that
while the volume of business is smaller this year the
failures are fewer. So be it — it shows that the coun
try is commercially healthy.
It is better as it is than as it was. It is better to do a
pood, steady business, as we are doing now, making
our moderate profit, than to be rushed by a boom,
which, though it is doubling those profits, perhaps, :s
bearing us on too furiously for our own good. Thanks
to the large increase in the circulation, there is plenty
<<i money in the country. In fact, we have more than
we want, and are again loaning it in large blocks to
Europe. The other day we loaned France $15,000,000
for her exposition. She needed it, Europe did not
hare it to spare, and it was a mere bagatelle to New
York. So she came over here and got it. A few
years more and New York will be the financial cen
ter of the world.
The shrinkage in values is steadily assuming a
wider range. At first it was confined to iron and steel
and hides: it now comprehends corn, pork, beef and
mutton, dairy products, wool, cotton, petroleum, lea-.l,
tin, lumber, nails, wire, paper and dozens of other
commodities. In place of the wild speculation in se
curities of a year ago, we now contemplate a liquidation
so pronounced that twenty preferred industrial stocks
sold la=t week at prices averaging $83 per share,
against $99 in the same week last year, and twenty
common stocks at an average of $38 50, against $77
last year. The working force, which at that time last
year was rapidly increasing, is now decreasing.
Paper, which was seriously scarce in 1899, is now
more plentiful, and tome of the works are actually
stopping to relieve the excessive production. Many
wool, leather and steel works are doing the same
thing. This stoppage of works and consequent dis
missal of a certain percentage of wage-earners is the
only unsatisfactory feature of the situation. Eusiness
in some lines has been almost suspended by the ob
stinacy of manufacturers and agents in holding on
to the high prices of 1899.
The boy tosses his bail into the air and uncon
sciously enunciates a great commercial truism ;vhen
lie cries, "What goes up must come down." This is
the situation in the United States to-day. The Call
foresaw it immediately after the new year, and pointed
out at the time that the limit of the public pocket had
been reached. Few saw it then; everybody sees it
now. It is easy to see through a millstone if some
body will point out the hole.
The proceeding is orderly. There is no excite
ment, no disturbance of credits, no stringency in
money, no cause for alarm. But all over the United
States conservatism is again the dominant force in
trade, for the boom of 1899 is over. That it came to
a pause without crash of any description is a matter
for general felicitation.
THE CURRENT LIQUIDATION.
THE country is now in the midst of the liquida
tion iollowing the great commercial boom of
1899. Slowly, and without shock, conditions
are adjusting themselves to normal pianes. Those
prices which soared too high are coming down, and
those branches which produced too many goods last
year are ceasing to produce. The readjustment is pro
ceeding with the irresistible but noiseless force of a
glacier. Nothing can stop it. It is the great law of
supply and demand reasserting itself after having
been feverishly diverted from its natural course. In
some lines the great manufacturing combines are lead
ing the decline; others are fighting it, but vainly, for
there is a limit to the public purse, and that limit was
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
CEfte (Sail.
MONDAY ....MAY 21, 1900
___^ ¦- !
JOHN li. iPRLCKELS, Proprietor.
Addiess AM Communicabns to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OKFHR..«nrk*t nnd Third. S. F. j
Tele-phone Main 1MW.
EDITORIAL KOOMS....21T to 221 Stevenson St. j
Telephone Main 1ST4.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week. j
Mncli- Copies, ." Cent*.
Term* »»> Msill. Including: rontace:
l»>.ri,T CALL (including Sunday), cne year ?6.00 J
JJAU/T CALL (Includlns: Sunday), 6 months 3.00 |
1'AILY CAIAi (Including Sunday), 3 months L60 ,
DAILY CALLr-P.y Single Month SSc I
MNDAY CALK One Year l-'-O
VTCEKLT CAUL One Year 1-00 j
All uoKtma*tei-!i are Authorized to receive :
Knbncriptlonft.
fample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICK 111S Broadway
C GEORGt KROSNESS.
Var.ager Fcrc'gn Adverti'in^, Varquette Budding, Chicago. |
(Long Dlster.ee Telephone "Central :613.">
NTTVV YORK CORKHSI'OXDEN'T :
C C. CARLTON Heraid Square J
NEW YOHK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH....'. 33 Tr.bur.e Building;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sfcwtnmn House; P. O. News Co.; Gr*at Northern Hotel; j
Fremont Hcuse; Auditorium Hotel.
NETVV YORK NEWS STANDS: '\
•Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brerita.no. 31 Union Square; '
Murray Hill Hotel. j
Great Britain and Japan are the only
naval powers which appear to build ships
in accordance with some programme care
fully considered and then carried out. In
1S05 Japan adopted a naval programme
for a certain number of vessels of all
classes to be built and completed by April,
1906, involving an outlay of $106,000,000. Of
this number fifty-four vessels were to be
completed by 1901, and recent reports in
dicate that the ships will be ready. In
November last Japan had under construc
tion in French, English, German and
American shipyards no less than four bat
tleships, nine armored cruisers, two sec
ond-class cruisers, twelve torpedo-boat
destroyers, twenty-three seagoing tor
pedo-boats and fifty-six smaller torpedo
boats. At the home yards three large
vessels and ten torpedo-boats have been
taken in hand. All the contractors have
built within the time limits, barring a
few cases. During the present year de
livery was to .be made of three battleships
and four armored cruisers, as follows:
Battleships— Asaki, 15,447 tons, April 30;
Hatsure and Urlkasa, of 15,200 tons, in Oc
tober: and> May. The four armored cruis
ers of displacements, ranging from 9900 to
9456, are named Yakumo, Azurna, Izumo
and Iwate, and are to be delivered April
1, June IB! July 15 and November 11, in the
order/ stated.'- The Asakl was completed
ahead of contract .
The startling information a couple of
weeks ago of the wonderful penetrating
power of the American 6-inch navy rifle
is subject to some modification. Accord
ing to the tables of the Bureau of Ord
nance a G-inch shell fired at a velocity of
3000 feet per second should penetrate a
Krupp plate 9.34 Inches in thickness, but
at a recent trial - it is alleged that with a
velocity of 25S0 feet the shell passed
through a 14-inch Krupp plate. Unless the
plate was defective such a feat was
clearly impossible. In England the 6-inch
Vicker gun was tried three years ago
with charges 25 per cent higher than the
ordinary service allowance, and attained
a shell velocity of 2940 feet, but the exces
sive wear to the gun with such a charge
makes this velocity undesirable, except on
rare occasions. As for the soft steel cap,
which enables the shell to work its way
through hard-faced armor, other naval
powers have had the same contrivance for
three years past, and thus "honors are
easy" in gun-making. . . - Viv
Another vast plant for the manufactur
ing of armor and guns is likely to be es
tablished in the near future in England.
The promoters of the enterprise have sent
delegations of experts to the United
States and Germany to study the methods
pursued, and are expected to" report by
the end of June. The vastness of this
undertaking may be realized from the fact
that it is intended to erect hydraulic
presses more powerful than any yet built,
that lathes are to be put up with a ca
pacity for boring a sixty-seven-ton gun
liner simultaneously from both ends. The
armor output facility is to equal that of
the other three establishments in Great
Britain, and the plant as a whole will
surpass that of any other in the world.
Prinz Helnrlch Karl, an armored cruiser
of S88O tons, was recently launched at the
dockyard at Kiel. The vessel is 393 feet
8& Inches in length, 64 feet 2% inches beam
and 23 feet draught, being 1S00 tons
smaller but of the general type of the
Furet Bismarck, and with less thickness
or armor. The armor belt and casements
are only 3.94 Inches, the belt tapering to
3.15 Inches at the ends. The armament
consists of two 9.45-inch guns mounted in
two turrets, six 6-lnch in casements and
four C-inch in turrets. She is designed to
have a speed of 20>£ knots, and her en
gines are to develop 15,000 horsepower.
The old ironclad Achilles is, after all,
not to be broken up, so the British ad
miralty has concluded to expend about
$35,000 toward converting her into a float
ing torpedo depot. The Achilles was re
boilered in 1S90, at an expense of $175,000,
but has remained in idleness at the Ports
mouth dockyard for twelve years past.
Her original cost in 1862 was $2,317,860. and
it cost up to 1S88 not less than $1,072,875 to
maintain a comparative efficiency.
One serious obstacle to the use of sub
marine boats for war purposes is this:
that, at a depth of twenty feet below the
surface, the light becomes so dim as to
enable a person within the boat to distin
guish objects only twenty-five feet ahead.
The use of any illuminant would only
tend to locate the position of the boat.
The Naiade, an iron hull and wood
sheathed 'cruiser of 3CS6 tons, has been
condemned and sold out of the French
navy. The vessel was built in 1S81 and
-was one of the few old style corvettes,
which are rapidly disappearing.
The new Armstrong twelve-inch rjfle can
be lired at intervals of one minute and
forty-two seconds between each round.
This rapidity has been obtained by the
use 'of a newly designed rammer.
On April 1 there were eighty-one war
vessels under construction in England, of
which sixty-four were being built In pri
vate shipyards.
NEWS OF NAVIES.
IT is written, 'It is not good that man should be alone,' but on
the other hand, it is often far from good to be with him. a
docile cat is preferable, a mongoose, or even a canary, in
deed, for want of proper instruction, a large number of the
human race, as they are known in this damp and ioggj
island, are 'gey ill ti live wl'.' and no one would attempt
it but for charity and the love of God."
There is a time when the youth of twenty knows more than
any one on earth could teach him, and more than he ever win
know again; a time when, no matter how kind his heart, he 13
Incased in a mental haughtiness before which plain wisdom is
dumb. But a time will come when the keenness of some girl s
stilletto of wit will prick the empty bubble of his flamboyant
egoism, and he will, for the first time, learn that he is but an
untrained man under thlrty-flve.
You cannot argue with the untrained man under thirty-nve.
In fact, I never argue with anybody, either man or woman, be
cause women are not reasonable beings and men are too rea
sonable.
Conversation with the untrained man under thirty- five 13
equally Impossible, because he never converses; he only talks.
And your chief accomplishment of being a good listener is en
tirely thrown away on him, because a mere talker never cares
whether you listen or not, as long as you do not interrupt him.
He only wants the floor and the sound of his own voice.
It is the trained man over thirty-Qve who can converse ana
v/ho wishes you to respond.
The untrained man desires to be amused. The trained man
v.-ishes to amuse. A man under thirty-five is in this world to
be made happy. The man over thirty-five tries to make you
happy.
There is no use of uttering a protest. You simply must wait
and let life take it out of him. The man under thirty-five is
being trained in a thousand ways every day that he lives. You
can do, little to help him, if you are the first girl to take a hand
at him. You can but prepare him to be a little more amenable
to the next girl. His mind is not on you. It is centered on
himself. He cares nothing for your likes and dislikes, your
cares -or hopes or fears. He only wishes you to be pretty and
well dressed. Have a mind if you will. He will not know it.
Have a heart and a soul. They do not concern him. He likes
to have you tailor-made. You are a Girl to him. That's all.
The eyes of the untrained man under thlrty-flve are never
taken off himself. They are always turned in. He is studying
himself first and foremost, and the world at large is interest-
Ing to him only inasmuch as It bears relation to himself as the
pivotal point. Join in his pursuit if you will; show the wildest
enthusiasm in his golf record or how many lumps of sugar he
takes in his coffee, and he will evince neither surprise nor grati
tude. You are only showing your good taste.
The conceit of one of these men is the most colossal speci
men of psychological architecture in existence. As a social
study, when I have him under the microscope, I can enjoy this.
I revel in it, just as I do in a view of the ocean or the heavens
at night — anything so vast that 1 cannot see to the end of it- It
suggests eternity or space.
When success— business or social or athletic or literary or
artistic— comes to the untrained man under thirty-five, it comes
pitifully near being his ruin. The adulation of the world is
more intoxicating and more deadly than to drink absinthe out
Mitchell Phillips, a well-known capi
talist and mining man of San Jose, leaves
to-day on the Zealandia for Cape Nome.
He is the head of the Phillips Mining 1
and Trading Company, which has a large
number of claims in the neighborhood
of Xoine.
W. R. Castle, head of the firm of Castle
& Cook, wealthy sugar factors of Hono
lulu and a member of one of the oldest
families in the islands, is at the Occi
dental, with his wife and two children.
W. H. Bancroft of Salt Lake, vice presi
dent of the Oregon Short Line, and his
wife are at the Occidental. Miss Nason,
Miss Adelaide Nason and AV. T. Ander
son are also members of the party.
P. C. Jones of Honolulu, banker and
broker and one of the most influential
men in the islands, is at the Occidental,
accompanied by his wife.
J. J. Hebbron. manager of the Pacific
Improvement Company's ranches at Sa
linas, is at the Grand.
John H. Rother and Joseph Bray,
wealthy mining men of Sonoma, are at
the Lick.
George B. Sperry. of the Sperry Flour
ing Mills, at Stockton, and wife are at
the Occidental.
Dr. "W*. J. Waller of Sacramento la at
the Lick.
E. R. Dodge, an attorney of Reno, Is
at the Lick.
C. L. Behr, a mining man of London. Is
at the Palace.
J. H. Tibbits, a mining man of. Red
ding, is at the Grand.
A. McHenry. a banker of Modesto, and
his wife are at the Occidental.
L. W, Blinn. a millionaire mining mart
of Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
X. E. Deyce, a merchant and banker of
Modesto, is at the Lick, with his wife.
PERSONAL MENTION.
And yet, I suppose, untrained men under thlrty-flve hav*
their use In the world, aside from the part they play In the dis
cipline of discriminating young women. Girls even marry these
men. Lovely girls, too. Clever girs— girls who know a hundred
times more than their husbands and are ten times finer grained
I wonder if they love them, if they are satisfied with them. If
ennui of the soul Is not a bitter thing to bear. I am always
wondering why girls marry them.
But women wish to please men. aside from their power of
winning them. Whereas If men can get the girls without any
change on their part, they consider themselves a howling «uc
cess. But they might be a little bit surprised if they coulii read
the minds of these very wives whom they have won. whosa
life-work often may be only to improve them so that they will
make some other woman the kind of a husband they should
have made at first, and then to lie down and die.
So let men beware how they criticize us unfavorably, no
matter what their aeres, for the truth of the matter is that,
be we frivolous or serious, vain or sensible, clever or stupid,
rich or poor, we are what the American man has made us.
"I'm not clenyin' that women are foolish," says George Eliot.
"God Almighty made 'em to match the men."
Often It Is not that we are not secretly much more of women,
and better and clovrer women, than you think us. But there
Is no call for such wares, so wo lay character and brain on the
shelves to mildew, and fll! the show windows with confectionery
and illusion. We supply the demand. We always have supplied,
It and we always will.
of a. stein; more insidious than opium; more fatal than death.
It unsettles the steadiest brain and feeds the too-ravenous
J"S° with a food which at first he deemed nectar and ambrosia,
nut which he soon comes to feel is the staff of life. With suc
cess should come the determination, be you man or woman, to
iall upon your knees every day and pray heaven for strength
to keep from believing what people teil you. so that you still
ma y. b e bearable to your friendd and livable to your family.
i I co . urs e. I know that girls with nice brothers and cousins
ana husbands under thirty-five will also offer violent protpst.
? °P s them to remember that I am not discussing Rirl
trainea man or widowers. Both of. these types are as near per
fection aa a man can become.
... * ar fl be »t from me to say that the untrained man under
thirty-five at his worst, is of no use in this world. He Is excel
lent for a two-step. I have used a number of them very suc
cessfully in this way.
It is the clever Rirl who suffers most of all from the un
trained man— not the brilliant, meteoric girl— but just the or
dinarily clever girl, as other girls know her. Being a real
woman, she likes to be liked. She wishes to please men. We all
do. But what kind of men are we to please? Untrained men
under thirty-iive? Owins to the horrible prevalence of thesa
men. some girls become neither fish flesh nor fowl, nor koo«1
red herring. They see their silly, pink-cheeked sisters followed
and admired. They know either how shallow these Rlrls are
or how cleverly hypocritical. Clever pfirls are also human. They
love to go about and wear pretty clothes, and dance, and be
admired quite as much as anybody.
It is of no use to ar«ue about this state of thingrs. Facts
are facts. Men make no secret of the kind of women they want
us to be. e Ket preached at from pulpits and lectured at
from platforms, and told how to fce womanly, how to look to
please men, how to behave to please men, and how to save our
souls to please men, until, if we were not a sweet, amiable set.
we would rebel as a sex and declare that we thought we were
lovely just the way we were, and that we were not going to
change for anybody.
The record runs thus: The yellow journals said
the wedding cost $1,500,000 — it didn't cost more than
$10,000. It was said Mr. Benedict gave the bride a
check for $1,000,000— no check whatever was given.
The bride's trousseau was reported to '. have cost
$250,000 — it did not cost as much as $2500. The floral
decorations at the church were estimated to have cost
$100.000 — they were furnished from Mr. Benedict's
garden and cost no more than the wages of twelve
men who were employed for half a day in. putting
them up. It was said Mr. Benedict followed the English
custom and distributed $1060 in gifts to servants — he
did not. It was published that at the house the full
Damrosch orchestra played — Mr. Damrosch, who was
a guest, was the only member of the orchestra pres
ent. The music was said to have cost $25,000 — it cost
$250. The rloraldecorations at the house were valued
at $25,000— they consisted of flowers from the garden
arranged by the household. The collation was re
ported to have cost $50,000 — it cost less than $1800.
Mr. Benedict was reported to have placed the steam
yacht Oneida at the disposal of the bride and groom
for a cruise in the Mediterranean at a cost of $300,000
— the yacht carried the happy 'pair no farther than
from Greenwich to New York City.
The news thus dished up by the yellow fakers had a
stimulating effect in circles where such papers are
read, and as a consequence we are told the Benedicts
received a multitude of letters from persons eager to
share in the prodigal bounty of a man willing to pay
cut so many thousands of dollars for flowers and show
at a wedding. These letters are of all kinds and from
all^ sorts of silly folks. We are told that one old lady
asks for money to enable her to take a journey to
meet her four sisters whom she "has not seen in sixty
years." Another woman demands $4000 to pay off a
mortgage on her house, and insists that if the $4000
cannot be sent at once $5 be sent .anyway.
Such is yellow journalism in the effete East, and
in the Golden West it is not widely different.
WHEN the Hastings-Benedict wedding took
place at Greenwich, Conn., a short time ago,
the yellow journals wrote it up with such a
sensational glow of saffrdli exaggeration that the New
York Sun thought it worth while to get the facts and
by publishing them show, the contrast between legiti
mate news and the stuff which the fakers furnish to
their gullible readers. The results of the labors of
the Sun are sufficiently striking- to be read with in
terest-even on this side of the continent, for we have
a yellow journal in our own city, and it is worth while
to know how such papers make a. reputation.
ONE OF THE YELLOW F^K^S.
A MAN UNDER THIRTY-FIVE
AN UNTRAINED CUB
One of the notable features of the Alameda move
ment is the promptness with which it was started the
moment a need for it was evident. This is another
illustration of the superior capacity of the men who
control and carry on the orchard industry in Califor
nia. No class of business men trained by daily habit
in dealing with the markets of the world to form as
sociations and to act quickly could have moved with
greater vigor or with more sagacity than the Alameda
fruit-growers have done in this instance. It is safe to
say an industry in the hands of such men is not going
to suffer in the competitions of the world. Men of
that type will be always able to look out for them
selves and profit by every change in the situation.
In the end it will probably be found advisable for
the canners and the growers of California to combine
and work together, on a plan similar to that now pro
posed for co-operation between the growers and the
packers of dried fruit. Such a combination would
leave the business sufficiently diversified to enable
each branch of it to be carried on independently as
an industry while combined as a trade; that is, the
growing of the fruit would be in the hands of expert
orchardists and the canning and selling would be in
the hands of experts in those lines, while the profits
of the sale of the canned fruit would be equitably di
vided.
The very forces which have made it advisable for
the canners to combine make it also advisable for the
growers to combine. The economic tendencies of the
time enforce co-operation, and it seems certain that
those who have not the ability to combine, organize
and co-operate must suffer disaster until through a
painful experience they learn how to adapt themselves
to the conditions of their time and country. •
Conceding the best intentions to the canners, how
ever, it remains true that orchardists will be wise in
organizing for co-operative effort whenever it may be
needed. It is well to have confidence in others.' but it
is also well to have not too much. Among the di
vinities of the Greeks there was one whom they repre
sented in poetry, in painting and in sculpture, as wear
ing always helmet and breastplate and bearing shield
and spear — full armed at all times and all places — and
that divinity was known to them as the goddess of
wisdom.
So far as we know there has been no movement on
the part of the canners' combine to injure the or
chardists, and if the leaders of the combine be. wise
there never will be such an intent on their part, for
unless fruit-growing be profitable the industry will
diminish and the canners will find themselves in the
position of the man who killed the goose that laid the
golden egg. The large output of fruit will decrease
and the canners will then be unable to obtain a suffi
cient amount of it to compete with the rival canners
BY way of meeting the menace to their industry
caused by the combination of the canners, the
fruit-growers of Alameda County have taken
steps toward organizing for the purpose of handling
and canning and marketing their fruit themselves.
Whether it be or ever was the purpose of the canners
to wrong the fruit-growers does not in any way affect
the wisdom of the action thus taken, and it would be
well for orchardists in other counties to follow the
example.
TriE flLflMEDfl FRUIT-GROWERS.
innocence established. by the clear light of a com
plete examination of cll.the facts of the case. If they
or any one of them be guilty, then every person who
aided or abetted in the offense should be brought to
answer for it before the bar of justice. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 21, 1900.
Musical
"What la a piano recital. Cousin Billy?"
"It's when somebody pounds the piano
»o hard that the people in the audience
can't hear one another talk."— Detroit
Free
The policeman who shot at a burglar and killed a
hen has the consolation of knowing that the game
he got is better fitted to be in the soup than' the thing
he aimed St.
The Germans may exclude our fruits and our meat.
but the fact that filibustering was resorted to in the
Reichstag: a few days ago is an evidence that our in
fluence cannot be excluded unless the Kaiser should
;.dopt Tom Reed tactics and play Czar.
From all that we can learn the only delegate to thj
Populist convention at Cincinnati who attended to
business during the proceedings instead of howling
was Delegate Kellie from Minneapolis. The reports
say she sat on the platform with her baby in her lap
-ind nursed it without getting excited from start to
finish.
Although not much attention has been paid to it by
the country, there was almost as much of a ruction in
Congress over the oleomargarine bill as over the
Porto Rico tariff, and from the amount of noise made
it might be supposed that oleomargarine is a thing
that statesmen cry for all the time and bawl for on
occasions.
The American building in Paris has been formally
turned over to the exposition authorities, and we are
now informed that our machinery hall at.Vincennes
i has been opened, so as soon as the French get ready
I the great show may begin
While the British have been rejoicing over the re
lief of.Mafeking Russia has managed to gain another
coaling port in Korea.. Thus while the British are
struggling to hold their own the Russians are going
ahead, and when Salisbury gets through with his
troubles in South Africa it*will take him a long time
to catch up with the procession in Asia,
4
AMUSEMENTS,
Tlve!!— "Th* Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Ojit-ra-house— "The I»i.:y Slavey."
Alcazar— "The Butterflies."
Orihoum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Tyranny of Tear*.**
CUtXontfa — "The Amazons."
Olymp.n. corner M**>n and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ani
rrea'.nt.
Flsrher'» Concert House— "Faust."
Kapp Company Concert Hall — Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Open niehts.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watk!ns— Monday. May 21. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth and Harrison street*.
By S. Yl'atkins— Thursday. May 14. at 11 o'clock. Carriage
and Wagron Repository, at 1140 Folsom street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Consumption
is contracted as well as in-
herited. Only strong lungs
are proof against it.
Persons predisposed to weak
lungs and those recovering
from Pneumonia, Grippe,
Bronchitis, or other exhaust-
ing illness, should take
SccdII£mafstcTL
It enriches the blood,
strengthens the lungs, and
builds up the entire system.
It prevents consumption and
cures it in the early stages.
30c and $t 00 all druggists,
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New Yotk.CADETS DISCUSS THE EVILS
OF CIGARETTE SMOKING
Major Daniel C. Deasy presided. In his
Introductory remarks he dwelt on the ef
forts of the organization to instill the
value of temperance and the dangers of
cigarette smoking in the minds of the
young. He stated the rules that governed
contests at these rallies, and then intro
duced the contestants, who were Private
Will Healey of Company D, Richard
Behan of St. Francis, Will Carey of Com-
AMID the plaudits of his comrades |
In the regiment of the League of
Cross Cadets Richard Behan of St.
Francis parish was presented with
a handsome medal yesterday for deliver
ing the best argument on the «vll ef
fects of cigarette smoking on the youth
of America at the fourth annual rally and
essay contest" of the district. The badge
of victory was pinned on the breast of the
youthful orator by Rev. Father O'Ryan,
spiritual director of the organization. The
annual contest was held In Native Sons*
Hall, which was well fielled with mem
bers and friends of the , replment.
Rev. Philip O'Ryan Pins the Medal on the Victor's Breast.
A few nicely framed ; pictures will
change the appearance of any room and
the transformation need *not be an ex
pensive one either. You will be surprised
to see how reasonable we - are making
good frames, and artistic, too. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Rich Finds on Koyokuk.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C..~ May 20.— According
to telegrams . received at Skaguay re
peated reports of rich finds on the Koyo
kuk are reaching: Dawson, and the sources
from which they come are ' said to be re
liable. These finds are diverting a great
many of the stampeders from Nome. ;,
75c Babies' Shoes for 35c a ' pair at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market sf, near 3d.
The parishioners of Sacred Heart
Church will hold their annual picnic and
reunion at Schuetzen Park,' near San
Rafael, next Saturday. The affair prom
ises to be very successful. Rev. Father
Lagan, the new pastor of the church,
was formerly pastor of . the San Rafael
parish. A pleasant rivalry is going on as
to which side of the bay will bring the
greatest number of people to the picnic.
There will be a match game of baseball
between the young men #f San Rafael
and those of , the Sacred Heart parish.
Hundreds of prizes have been secured and
will be competed for by the young and old
In games of all kinds. There will also be
hundreds of gate prizes distributed.
Sacred Heart Parish Picnic
No beverage of recent years has met with
such pronounced success with the general pub
lic as BLACK & TAN— "The American Porter"
Us popularity being due to its true merit. E.
O. Lyons Co., Wholesale Dealers, San Fran
cisco, Cal. '¦ /
Finest of Its Kind-
The history of the Whig party, pre-'
viously sketched, involved an outline of
the Texas question. Some further de
tails are now needed.
Even before the adoption of the Mis
souri compromise covetous eyes looked
across the Sablne to the grassy and fer
tile plains of Texas. Interpreting the
treaty with France to Include that prov
ince, citizens from the Southern States
soon bepan to make settlements therein,
and in 1812 a body of such "invaders,"
with the assistance of discontented resi
dents, attempted forcibly to take over
the province and set up a new govern
ment. Though the effort was put down,
the determination to secure possesion con
tinued to gain strength in the Southern
States. More extensive occupations of
Texas lands were made and more formld-
The Texas Struggle.
The real mischiefs which the Missouri com
promise engendered were these: The strife for
political power between slavery and freedom
which it sanctioned and perpetuated upon the
broad national domain; the insatiate appetite
for foreign acquisitions south of that line,
whether by war or purchase, which it whetted;
and, finally, by suffering an Immense State like
Missouri, whose population near the confluence
of the Mississippi and Missouri rivers was sura
to increase rapidly, to be set above the geo
graphlcal latitude; the license it gave to the
wolves of slavery to ravage among the scat
tered free-soil settlers over Its borders. Never
theless, this sectional compact waa faithfully
sustained for more than thirty years; it waa
broken at length not by those who had bound
themselves to keep It. but by degenerate sons
of slavery, by disciples of the malignant John
Randolph school, who constantly stirred the
South to believe that slavery should accept no
territorial restraints at all. (Schouler. vol m,
p. 172.)
The great Northwest Territory, prolific of
many powerful States, was dedicated to
freedom. If the South was to hold her
own she must be vigilant as to what lay
west of the father of waters. Arkansas
came In with slavery in 1S36, balanced by
free Michigan lnlS37. By the terms of
the Missouri compromise no further space
remained for slavery expansion save a
part of Indian Territory, while the pos
sibilities of freedom were bounded only
by the Pacific Ocean.
A recent historian puts the situation
after the adoption of the Missouri com
promise in these graphic words:
"For any human movement or develop
ment," said Mr. London, "there must be
a maximum limit, beyond which it can
not proceed. The hope of humanity lies
In that It may change its direc
tion. There are, however, in their econ
omic evolution, families of men which
failed at the crucial moment to effect a
change of direction, and were forced to
fall back. Vanquished at the moment of
their maximum, they have dropped out
of the whirl of the world, and have suc
cumbed to stronger competitors.
"Divers queries arise, as 'What Is the
maximum of commercial development the
world can sustain?' 'How far can it be ex
ploited?' 'How much capital Is neces
sary?' For 100 years England has been
producing surplus values— that Is, excess
of production over consumption, or as
much to the purpose, she has been add
ing to her capital. But-hand to hand with
her foreign investments have grown her
adverse balances of trade. What causes
anxiety is that her export trade Is fall
ing oil without a corresponding diminu
tion of her imports, and that her securi
ties and foreign holdings cannot stand the
strain The control of the world's com
merce and banking is slipping through her
"'^The' United States has not failed to
pass from the side of the debtor to that of
the creditor nations. She has become wise
in the way of producing surplus values.
She has been successful In her efforts to
secure economic emancipation. But that
there must be a limit to the accumulation
of capital Is apparent at a glance. When
a great nation has equipped itself to pro
duce more than it can consume under the
present division of the net product it
seeks other markets for its surplus prod
ucts. With the. competition of several
other nations the question of the disposal
of this surplus grows serious, and finally
reaches the critical stage. Once capital
production _ has attained its maximum
growth, the strength of capital on the
one hand and the education and wisdom
of the workers on the other will deter
mine whl«h path society Is to traverse,
and the change of direction must be
toward either economic oligarchies or
economic socialism. "_
An interesting lecture was delivered last
night in the Turk-street Temple by
"Jack" London under the auspices of the
Socialist Labor party. The subject of the
lecture was "The Maximum Dealing With
Surplus Values," which was handled in
a masterly manner by the lecturer, who
showed a thorough knowledge of the
economic question Involved In Its consid
eration. Mr. London, who Is a writer of
some clever short stories. Is connected
with the Socialist movement in Oakland,
and has written a number of books on the
great problems which confront capital
and labor at the present day.
Says That the Maximum of Commer
cial Development Will Lead to
Economic Oligarchies or
Socialism.
"Jack" London Lectures Be
fore Socialist Demo
cratic Party.
DISCUSSED WISE
DISPOSITION DF
SURPLUS VALUES
Original Specimens Shown in Large
Numbers at the Exhibition in
the Annex of the Mark
Hopkins Institute.
.
The twenty-fifth annual exhibition of
the drawings and studies of the pupils of
the California School of Design began
yesterday In the school building, the j
Mark Hopkins annex, corner of Pine and.
Mason streets. The exhibition, which
will continue for three days more, con
tains a number of highly meritorious pro
ductions in "antique," "life," "still life"
and "anatomy," and reflect great credit
not only on the talent of the pupils, but
also on the ability of their preceptors.
Several hundred designs are hung on the
walls, and a large number of art lovers
availed themselves of the privilege to in
spect them.
Among the noteworthy exhibits is the
"Blind Negro," sketched from life by Am
brose W. Barnett. A most creditable ef
fort is the sketch of the "Three Young
Merchants," drawn from life by Miss E.
W. Flaw. The originals presented them
selves at the school one morning with a
view to disposing of their lemons, when
Miss Plaw Immediately proceeded to
transfer them to paper. In the Saturday
class the youngest pupil, Walter Wirb
ser, who is only 10 years of age, has at
tracted attention by his study of "Prince
John Sitting Bull, the Indian Kid." and
the sketch of the "Chinese Maiden," by
Miss E. C. Day, Is well done. Some re
markably fine work in oil la shown by
Charles Turner in the "still life class,
and F. E. Berier has some fine antique
Among the exhibitors of designs are:
W. L. Smith, R. Iverson, Miss R. Mur
doch, A. L. Bakewell, Miss B. Boye, Mar
lon Glbb Young, Miss Sarah Bolton, Miss
Emily Travls.Silss Grace Reid, Miss Nina
Bind, Miss Eva McConnell, Miss Beth
McConaughy, Miss Sellna Newman, L.
Ferrea. M. Williams, Miss Grace Dawson,
Miss May Berrlnger, G. Dannenberg, H.
McKellop, L. Vierra, Winifred Yelland,
Jlro Harada, G. Gerton, E. Phillips, M.
Frey and Miss F. Jessurun, who at 12
years of age has done good work with
the study of Minerva.
Meritorious Works of Art
1 Presented by California
School of Design.
CLEVER STUDIES
EXHIBITED BY
MANY PUPILS
equilibrium between the slave-holding and
the free sections of the Union seemed
about to be broken. The free States were
gaining rapidly over the South in popu
lation, and since representation In the
lower house of Congress was regulated by
population, it was evident that they were
likely to control that House. In the Sen
ate the division of power was nearly
equal, since each State, of whatever size
or population, was represented by two
members. But a new slave State, with
two more Senators representing the slave
power would disturb the balance. The
difficulty was finally met. as we have seen,
by the coining in of Maine along with
Missouri, together with the adoption of
the famous Missouri compromise, which
recognized slavery In Missouri, but pro
hibited it In the Louisiana purchase north
of the southern boundary of that State.
36 degrees 30 minutes north. . The compro
mise also tacitly permitted slavery south
of that line. The measure was conceived
In the interest of the South, and accepted
as binding upon the nation by both South
ern and Northern Congressmen. By the
accepted Interpretation of the constitu
tion Congress had no power to interfere
with slavery In a State; by the Missouri
compromise It was established that Con
gress had power to prohibit slavery in a
Territory.
From this era dates as a permanent
underlying political force a mutual sensi
tiveness and jealousy between North and
South respecting superiority in Federal
councils. Under the compromise this
spirit seemed to be quiescent for a time,
but it was only the surface that was
calm. Mason and Dlxon's line— the boun
dary separting Pennsylvania from the
States to the South— had long been ac
cepted as the dividing line between free
and slave territory east of the Mississippi.
While the Judges were deliberating
Father O'Ryan addressed the audience.
He spoke of the Memorial day services
which would be conducted by the regi
ment in St. Mary's Cathedral, and said it
was the duty of every member of the
organization to turn out on that occasion
and help decorate the graves of the com
rades who had departed this life. He also
touched on the competitive drill and con
cert to be held in Mechanics' Pavilion on
June 8 by the regiment, and told of the
preparations for the big event. His men
tion of the cadets' coming encampment
at Santa Cruz was warmly applauded.
The judges then awarded the laurels of
victory to the representative of St. Fran
cis parish. The singing of the "Te Deum"
by the entire audience concluded the ex
ercises.
was then heard, after which Private
Healey took the floor. The latter had a
good •delivery, and showed by his state
ments that he had made a careful and
conscientious study of his subject. His
essay was regarded by many as equal to
Behan's, but the victor had a stronger
voice and' enunciated more clearly. The
audience then sang "America," and at
the conclusion of the national hymn Pri
vate Will Carey was given a hearing.
Carey was nervous, and this went against
him when the judges summed up the
merits of the four essays.
pany A and Sergeant Colllgan of Company
G. He also named Miss Nellie Sullivan,
Miss Julia Coffey, .J. W. Flynn and E. J.
Murphy as judges of the merits of each
essay and its delivery. The latter took
seats in the audience, and when the prop
er time came rendered their verdict in
favor of young Behan.
At the conclusion of the chairman's re
marks the contestants drew for places.
Behan was first to address the assem
blage. In clear, concise sentences ho dis
cussed the deadly cigarette. Before he
concluded he had pointed out the evils
accruing from the distasteful habit. He
argued that it was detrimental to the
nation, because the young men who will
some day help to govern had their senses
dulled, health impaired and their vitality
sapped by using the "coffin nails." He
had a number of authorities to back
his opinion that the cigarette Is deadly.
He eald the military ana naval academies
of the United States opposed smoking, as
it was Injurious to the health and activity
of the cadets. Younp: Behan's effort won
deserved applause. Miss Rose Broderick
followed with a soprano solo. The young
lady sang sweetly, and for an encore sang
"Clorindy" with all the gusto of a "cole
black lady."
Sergeant Colligan was the next to take
up the cudgel against the vice, and did
himself full Justice. A song by Will Judge
ting the State was passed by the Senate,
but was rejected by the House, and for
years Missouri stood knocking in vain at
the door of the Union- It was the ques
tion of slavery in & new form. The un
spoken agreement which had been re
garded from the beginning to preserve the
About this time arose the excitement
over the application for the admission of
Missouri as a slave State. A bill admit-
The Missouri Compromise.
The United States had long coveted the
Floridas, and after having, on one pre
text or another, taken possession of West
Florida, acquired East Florida by pur
chase from Spain In 1S19. By the treaty
which settled this transaction the boun
daries of the Louisiana purchase were
fixed anew, and this time excluded Texas.
The country seems to have cared little
then for what was afterward recovered
at such bloody cost. Some dissatisfaction
with this "alienation" of what had been
considered United States property was ex
pressed by a Congressional resolution
drawn by Henry Clay, but the general
satisfaction in the acquisition of Florida
prevented any effective agitation of the
matter.
In seeking for the causes of the Mexican
war one Is led back step by step to the
first purchase of territory by the United
States. The Loulsana purchase of 1S03
was understood to include what afterward
became the State of Texas, though defin
ite boundaries could not be given, and the
whole matter always remained unsettled
and confused. This immense tract of
land, lying almost wholly west of the Mis
sissippi, had but recently come to France
from Spain. Like all Spanish colonies, it
practiced slavery. An act of Congress in
1804 permitted immigrants Into the terri
tory to take their slaves with them, and
when, in 1812, the first of the States to be
carved out of the vast domain came in as
Louisiana, It came, as a matter of course,
with slavery well established. ' .
The Purchase.
BY JESSE MACT. LI_D.
0
¦pit. "CAUSES OT TH n MEXICAN
WAIL
able Invasions carried out by American
citizens, which were winked at by the
United States Government. Many never
consented to the yielding of the right,
which they bellved to be conveyed by the
treaty of 1S03, to territory reaching to the
Rio Grande. To such objectors President
Monroe replied in a spirit of calm and
and careful conslderateness for sectional
Jealousies. The North was uneasy over
the addition to slave soil made- by the
Florida purchase. The East was troubled
in view of the rapidly growing importance
of the West. Anti-slavery feeling was
becoming keenly alive to the whole tem
per of the Southern States, as jhown In
the Missouri agitation. The peace-loving
chief magistrate thought it wise to bo
content with Florida and not to press a
olalm to Texas. The dlssatlsfled Southern
ers bided their time. After 1O they had
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton,
CHICAGO, May 20.— The Record to
morrow will say: It is reported on what
seems to be adequate authority that ne
gotiations are now In progress looking
toward a consolidation of the Pressed
Steel ' Car Company and the American
Car and Foundry Company.
The Car and Foundry Company has
SCO.OOO.COO each of 7 per cent non-cumula
tive preferred and common stock. W.
K. Bixby and William McMillan of New
York are the principal officers of the
company. • '- - .
The Pressed Steel Car Company has a
total capitalization of $25,000,000. Its most
important works are located at Pittsburg
and Joliet, 111.
The two concerns are not competitive
the ordinary sense, making the sarao
articles but of wholly different typ«s —
the former wooden cars and "composite"
bolsters, etc, and the latter making all
steel cars, bolsters and truck apparatus.
Owing to the increasing conversion of
railway rolling stock to the new types of
cars, a, centralization of control would
bring about large economies. At the
same time It would eliminate the slight
element of competition which now exists.
CONSOLIDATION OF
CAR-BUILDING COMPANIES
The Real Cause.
The Immediate cause of the Mexican
war may be cald to be the message of
"Polk the Mendacious." in May. 1346. an
nouncing that "as war exists, and not
withstanding our efforts to avoid it. ex
ists by the act of Mexico herself, we are
called upon by every consideration of duty
and patriotism to vindicate, with decision
and honor, the rights and the Interests of
the country." But the remoter and real
cause will appear, from our study, to Ha
In the craving on the part of the slave
holdlntr States for room In which to de
velop their own peculiar Interests. It was
not solely— perhaps not chiefly— for the
sake of extending slavery that they
wished for more territory. Loving the
Union. Southern men sought political
power even as did Northern men. They
saw the North growing by leaps and
bounds. Industrial development, immigra
tion wealth and the power which they
implied passed by the more stagnant
Southern States to spread their blessings
through the North. Hemmed In by the
restrictions of the Missouri compromise.
Southerners felt themselves forced to seelc
an outlet by territorial expansion to the
Southwest. But even with Texas gained
the end had not come.
These tortuous and undiplomatic pro
ceedings naturally deepened the resent
ment of Mexico.. She had already given
official notice that the annexation of Tex
as (whose independence Mexico had never
recognized) would be treated as cause for
war. This was disregarded, and differ
ences respecting boundaries were treated
by the United States In so grasping: and
overbearing a manner that a military col
lision on the banks of the Rio Granda
upon soil claimed by both Mexico and the
United States was made the occasion of
Inflammatory speeches In Congress over
the Invasion of American territory and
the shedding of American blood. War vas
then declared, and in spite of Whig and
Northern opposition to Texan annexation
and to violent measures against Mexico
the war once begun was generally popu
lar and was heartily supported by Kortb,
and South. It was an unbroken series of
military successes, which further In
creased Its popularity and tended to cloak
the dishonorable proceedings which had
led to It- • .¦
lylers treaty of annexation was reject
ed by the Senate, but the determined
President, backed by the subtle Secretary
of State from South Carolina, was not to
be balked. A treaty with a foreign power
must have the approval of the Senate but
a Joint resolution of Congress may accom
plish the same purpose without that re
quirement. Such a resolution was passed
by a close vote and sent at once to Texas
for her acceptance. In the meantime the
people of the United States had declared
at the polls for annexation by electing
Polk, who had publicly pronounced In
favor of the '•immediate reannexatlon of
Texas."
a friend at court la the President
himself. In spite of the apparent acqui
escence of Jackson and Calhoun and their
followers In President Monroe's paclflo
policy thay never really abandoned their
cherished purpose. The forcible acquisi
tion of Texas was plotted long before Its
accomplishment. After 1S23 the provinc©
was claimed as part of the new and weak
republic of Mexico. Offers of purchase
by the United States (one of which in
cluded the purchase of California) wer»
rejected. Colonization from the States
still went on. and Texas was secretly In
cited to declare Independence of Mexico.
In 1S29 Mexico decreed the abolition of
slavery throughout her borders. The act
was ignored in Texas, which had by that
time a large slave-holding population.
A Texas revolution waa finally effected
In the course of the years 1SS3-S6, In which
Samuel Houston of Tennessee, a friend and
fellow-soldier of Jackson.- was the real
leader, with the secret backing of the
President. Texas declared Independence;
American forces were sent Into the terri
tory on pretense of preventing an Indian
invasion .of the United States, and Con
gress promptly voted to recognize the
new republic "whenever she had proved
herself capable of maintaining a compe
tent civil government." while Calhoun
urged the Immediate admission of Texas
as one of the United States
Mexico was deeply offended ; her Minis
ter called for his passports, and In defer
ence to Northern protests the President
withdrew the troops from Texan soil Only
after years of delay was annexation final
ly achieved, in the manner we have seen
at the close of Tyler's administration. Cal
houn was again pressing the matter
Southerners professed alarm at some hu
manitarian remarks of the British Minis
ter at Washington respecting slavery, and
Calhoun decleared that the United States
must annex Texas if she would not see
Great Britain take possession. Thus the
South hoped to restore and augment her
waning power In Congress. At least four
slave-holding States might be carved out
of Texas and eight Southern Senators
added to the forces of slavery at Wash
ington.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 21, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
5
BAM HOUSTON.
AMUSEMENTS.
\M. T. HESS.
NOTARY PU3LI0 ANJ ATT\)&N£Y-AT-lA.Tr.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California «t, below Powell,
San Francisco.
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
Ensarement Positively Limited to • NIGHTS
and
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY,
In Addition to the Regular
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
In Haddon Chambers* Comedy of Temperament,
THE TYRANNYJF TEARS.
Next Monday— N. C. Goodwin. Maxlne Elliott.
In "WHEN Wg WERE TWEXTY-ON'E."
BEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN AMERICA.
MAC NAN I FAMILY,
"The Musical Barbers."
Second Wt& EZRA KENDALL,
The Talk of the Town, Everything- New.
MLLE. BARTHO, European Novelty star.
Tie WonHerfU WILSON FAMILY,
And Twenty Others.
- 9-BIQ ACTS-9
Reserved Seats. 28c; Balcony, 15o; Opera
Cbalrs and Box Seats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
'¦-'-. ¦¦ . . ¦¦. r ..->
PHONE MAIN 132.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLTJ
Last Week of the Greatest of All Musical
Comedies.
The Lady Slavey
Next Attraction— Rice' ¦ Famous Extra vm-
ganza, "1492."
USUAL. POPUIaAR PRICES. 5,'.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee, 25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 OTARRELL STREET.
LAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET and
SIG. ABRAMHOFF In acts from FAVORITA
and FAUST.
lOo — Admission — lOo. Matinee Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F.KAPP COMPANY
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY NIGHT! EVERY NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest every Wednesday night.
ADMISSION FREE.
S__Jf FAVORITE
Jl fORWEAKWOMEM.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
\ fc A OR-AT KE_TO:iATIVE, INV1U0IU-
1 tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orcans lor both sexes.
The Mexican R«xnedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder.: Bells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
m Market et.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DON'T FORGET, MY SHIP SAILS SOON !
TO-NIGHT COMMENCES
The Sixth I Last Week
Of t— e Enor— .©o« Comic Opera Triumph.
THE WIZARD
OF THE ME !
OXI/T EIGHT TTMES MORE!
LAST MATINEE SATURDAT!
Xext Week. 6up«rt> Production, of the Ro— _ntla
Comic Oi>era.
THE THREE GUARDSMEN.
(FonndwJ on Duma** Novel. Music by Varney.)
Seats on Eal» One Week Ahead.
Popular Prices— 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone, Bush 9.
HOW II AUDIENCE
THAT DID
BIG II LAUGH
AT **'" " IWR'LLT KUNNT F1«AT.
"THE AMAZONS"
Presented by
MR. JAMES NEILL
_NI> THE NEILL. COM PANT.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
FAREWELL. WEEK OF THE NEILL COM-
PANY.
-TlVUFATRE • A r
THIS (MONDAY) NIGHT.
Henry Gay Oarleton'* Charming Comedy.
THE
110 Nights at Palmer Theater, New York.
MATINEES SAT— RDAT AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— THE SUPERFLUOUS HUSBAND.
Corolng-FLORENCE PjOBERTS aa SATHO.
CHUTES and ZOO
ETTERT A— TERJ? OON AND EVENING.
El ETE32INS; MAY NEALSON: THE DOCK-
MANB: HARRY HOLMES: RAYSTON ft
RAETORD; CEO. TRUMP; KROSTO A
WARDA: NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Amatenr Night. Thursday.
Cakewalk Night, Saturday.
P Telephone for Beats Park SS.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEN NIGHTS.
Ooen Dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p — _
Bathlnx from 7 a. m. to 10 n m
ADMISSION, XOc. CHILDREN 6c
B-thlBf, lndudlne admission, 25c; Children, JOo.
ABCTTSEMTyNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEBHSSCEBS5EESE02OEHBn
H ?
H \ Q
tJ £3
I Your I
B B
B ?
5 That is worth thinking about S
q when you are looking up oil in- _j
B vestments. _j
H If the directors and officers are El
? men without means or position, E3
B who are probably living off the §
™ sales of stock, better leave the in- ¦*
_2 vestment alone. S
q Always consider if the men at |g
q the head of a company's affairs jg
? are of a class who would lend Q
13 their names to a doubtful trans- B
H action. You can rely implicitly E
S on the directorate of the jjjj
i Oil i
Vtm . HI
H EVERY DOLLAR YOU IN- H
Jg VEST IN ITS STOCK WILL »
g BE USED ON THE COM- g
2 PANY'S PROPERTY in the g
pi vigorous development of its re- _}
__ sources. 13
H When you are buying |
g GET THE BEST. n
ta - : ... . -g ________ h
1 The Ophir Oil Co. )
g OFFERS YOU THE BEST g
5 THAT GOOD LOCATION, 5
g GOOD JUDGMENT. and m
_j GOOD MANAGEMENT can £_
? create. . El
B 800 acres in the Coalinga Dis- B
§ trict selected by our engineer H
2 after a survey of 11,000 acres. gj
iM . ' . El
H Stock fully paid and non- jj|
g assessable. ¦ g
I OPHIR OIL COMPANY I
g BAN FRANCISCO, OAL. g
El Represented in San Francisco by H
a J. P. MASSIE. Mills building |g
S room 14. fifth floor. ¦¦
S , In Chicago by G. GIRLING. S
ra 269 Dearborn street. . m
i LOS ANGELES OFFICE— _j
? 402 Douglas building. " gj
d CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS, h
? ¦ ' ' -¦¦ ¦-- n
SIBBBBBBBBBBBBBDBBBBBBB
a a
1^ J^ _K_E3ft^ 4«-V -HaV -Hm JTifimiri -TF
a e
I 1142-1146 Market Street. |
| CLOAKS AND SUITS, I
I BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS. I
i s
| J. O'BRIEN & CO. respectfully invite an __
d inspection of the following extraordinary g
fj bargains": g
a g
g LADIES' BLACK AND BLUE CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, neat- p
y ly sytched, value for §8.oo; sale price $5.00 B
s 1
g LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, neatly Hitched, _,
S velvet collar, value for $12.00; sale price .....$7.50 g
§ H
¦ LADIES' LIGHT GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, value for g
r - $12.00; sale price ..: $7-5° _j
a V D
§ §
Q LADIES' BLACK. BLUE AND GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor- |
Q made, richly appliqued, value for $12.50; sale price ...$8.00 ||
_J — a
3 LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, with satin revere H
B collar, value for $15 00; sale price $10.00 |j
H • I
I n
g LADIES' LIGHT GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, box pleat, H
a richly appliqued, value for $17.50; sale price $12.50 »
I . • . 1
H In connection with the above remarkable Bargains we will place on Q
__ sale 4000 LADIES' SUMMER SKIRTS, at 25c, 35c. 50c, 75c $1.00, ?
a $1.15, $1.50, $1.75. $200, $2.50, $3 00, up to $7.50. SI
G g
B LADIES* LINEN SUITS, from $1.50 to $7.50 1
I Q
B LADIES' GRAY AND TAN JACKETS, in double-breasted Eton and g
0 fly front, value for $10.00; sale price $7.50 g
S P
gj LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, neatly stitched and trimmed, value for $4.50; Q
§ eale price $300 ?
n * H
n °
q Examine our BLACK, PURPLE AND BLUE SKIRTS, with ruffles Eg
? and cording, neatly stitched, value for $2.50; sale price $1-75 Q
B S
H H
g WE ARE STRICTLY ONE PRICE. g
£> Values will be fotmd exactly as represented. g
iZ Goods shown with pleasure. 83
B . v g
H S
O El
I 1146 Market Street. I
a ?
b a
BBBEEEEaBBSCHEBQREEBSQEiaaEZBSBHBBEEHBHBBEinBEBEEl
ADVEKTISEMENTS.Elkes Loses the Race.
ANTWERP, May 2O.-The fifty-mile bi
cycle match between ¦ Harry" Elkes. the
American rider, and Kdouard Taylor©, the
French champion, yesterday resulted in
the latter winning by 300 metres. Elkes fell
after covering twenty-five miles, but re
mounted and regained ~a part of the lost
ground i
THEOSOPHISTS CONVENE.
teenth Annual Session.
American Section Holds Its Four-
CHICAGO. May 20. — The fourteenth an
nual convention of the. American section
of the Theosophlcal Society met to-day.
Sixty-three delegates were present from
New York, Massachusetts. Ohio, Michi
gan, Kansas, Missouri. Minnesota, Wy
oming, ¦ • Montana, <• South Dakota and
Canada, sw^new.iijgss**!??
D. D. Chidester of Chicago was elected
permanent chairman of the convention
and Miss Pauline Kelly permanent secre
tary. Alexander Fullerton. general secre
tary and .treasurer of the , American sec
tion in his annual report, said the society
was improving both in membership and
funda. .
A business meeting was held in the
afternoon. • and addresses were made In
Klmball Hall in the evening by Mrs. Kate
Buffincrton Davis and Alexander Fullerton.
Scores Made by Militiamen.
Companies A and F of the Fifth were
out for regular monthly class medal com
petition yesterday at the Shell Mound
range. Wind and light conditions were
favorable. Each man fired ten shots with
musket at 200 yards on the Blunt target.
Annexed are the scores:
Company A— Captain Hunt 43, Sergeant Talt
86, Sergeant Poulter 38. Corporal King 39, Ser
geant C. .H. Kills 30. Serreant Ueckwlth 33.
Sergeant J. C. Ellis 34, Corporal C. ¦ Crom 85.
Corporal R. B. York ( 87, A..Poulter, 85, Corporal
Taber 21, Corporal de Poy 31, — Phelan 27,
C. Smith SO, G. Fowler 82, T. Brown 35, Lan
caster 33, Permaln 28, A. Gray 32, Jones 9,
Hampton 30. R. \V. Warham 34, W. T. Brown
S2, ; Orton 34, Stevens 10, Johnson 26, Francis
31, Burchell 7, Monroe 14, Sinclair 29.
Company F— Private W. Nordlund 44, Captain
H. T. Bennett 4S, Lieutenant G. C. Covalt 41,
Private C. C. Elen 40, H. P. Bray 38, Lieuten
ant n. W. Nlckerson SS, Sergeant A. F. Han
eon 87, T. C. Harnbleton 36. H. U. Bray S5. A.
F. Frlck 35, Sergeant O.C.v Hanson 34, E. O.
Williams 33, CorporalL. R. Keller 32, Corporal
8. J. Grimes 31, C. A. Sullivan 30. J. H. Gun
ter 23. R. B. Morrill 27, Corporal H. P. Jo
hasen 26, E. R. Larkln 23. O. H. Ratmussan
17, A. E. Harbidge IS, M. Halloran 15. F. L.
Davis 8.
We carry a complete line of cameras,
photographic supplies, books on photog
raphy and ¦ books for unmounted photos.
Printing and developing done In the lat
est styles. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. - .-¦.;.¦', ;*;X
In the Handball Courts.
The handball games at Phil Ryan's
court yesterday resulted as follows- ,
Scores at Schuetzen Eange.
Attendance at Schuetzen Park, near San
Rafael, suffered yesterday from the nig
shoot held at Shell Mound. Nevertheless
a good crowd of marksmen was in evi
dence and scores wore good. The Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club held a bui.seye
shoot. C. Meyer carrying off the laurels
with the excellent score of 55 points. Sec
ond best shot was Paul ErunnettI, with
303 points. The Grutll Club also held a
bullseye shoot, in which A. V. Wyl came
out victorious, with Otto hintermann sec
ond. Detailed scores in the California
Club were us follows:
A. C.ehret 347, A. Utschlic 400, M. C. Hender
son 449. F. E. Mason 547. E. Woenne 64' J
Tammeyer 832. Otto nremer 941, C. H Sa.ce'
horn U53, II. Enj?e W21. T. J. Carroll io83 A
Hampel 1130. It, Lange 1144, L. C. Kabln 12'o'
John Bachmann 1239. J. T. Peck 1929 M Reu'
bold 19S0. F. A. Schrumpf 2077. A. Bahwyler
2223, G H. Walden 2528, W. Walden 2622.
In the Marin County Schuetzen Club's
bullseye shoot honors fell to J. S. Kaneen
F. H. Moulton shot second. F. Rude c'
Hansen and F. Jevil also competed. '
CINCINNATI. May 20.— The twenty
five-mlle match race between Charles S
Porter of Detroit and John Nelson of Chi
cago was abruptly ended by Porter fall
ing from his bicycle at the end of the
seventeenth mile and suffering such Inju
ries that he could not proceed. Up to th»
tenth mile honors were even, but after
that Nelson had a good lead. *At th&
seventeenth mile Porter closed the gap
and got a slight lead, when he fell and
stopped the race. Both men were paced
by motors. - The beat mile was made In
1:38 2-5. and the average was 1:45.
Falls Off His Wheel.
BUFFALO. May 20.— Buffalo 17, Chicago 11.
American Association Games.
DETROIT. May 20.— Detroit 12. Minneapolis 7.
MILWAUKEE. May 20.— Milwaukee 8. Indi
anapolis 11.
CINCINNATI. May 20.— After losing seven
consecutive games and tying another the locals
pulled themselves together to-day and won
from Brooklyn. Scott'a pitching was magnifi
cent with men on the bases. Not so with Ken
nedy, for the locals managed to bunch their
hits on him In three Innings. McBrtde's fielding
In the last Inning saved the day. Stelnfelrtfa
work on second and his batting were features
Attendance S500. Score: SMBB
ST. LOUIS. May 20.— St. Louis bit Carrlck
hard when hits were needed. Donlln played
brilliant ball In center. Attendance 11.130.
Score:
CHICAGO. May 20.— Chicago defeated Pltts
burx to-day by hard hitting and irood base
running at the start and two hits In the sev
enth after a gift and a batsman hit. Killen
was a puzzle exrept In the sixth, when four
hits were bunched off him. Attendance iS.'j<X).
Score:
Manages to Beat Brooklyn.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
After Losing Seven Straight Games
CINCINNATI WINS.
Last Year's Champions Defeat tho
Pacifies in Their Initiative
Match at Alameda.
On the "Webster-street grounds, Ala
meda. yesterday, the Pacific cricketers
met last year's champions and, the sec
ond innings not being played out, were de
feated in the first Innings by a score of
54 to 39.
The Pacifies went to the bat first, but
none of them made any stand against the
bowling of Dickenson and Guild, the for
mer of whom captured seven wickets and
the latter three. The whole side was out
for the small total of 39. The Callfor
nias made a bad start, seven wickets fall
ing for 20 runs, but L. Schroeder scored
2G not out and raised the total to o4. San,d-
Ilands took five wickets and Casidy three.
In their second innings the Pacincs made
a much better display. J. Myers scoring
27 and C P. Coles 25 not out. When six
wickets were down for 79. the inningB was
called and the Callfornias sent to the bat.
E. G Sloman ran up 20 and s'even wickets
were down for 39 when time was called.
The match accordingly was won by the
Callfornias In the first innings- The
scores are given herewith:
Runs at fall of wickets: One for 10. two for
13 three for 21. four for 22. five for 26. six for
21. seven for 28, einht for 32. nine for 33. ten
t0T 39 ' ANALYSIS OF BOWLING.
Rune at fall of each wicket: One for 2, two
for 2 three for 4, four for 9. five for 9, six for
lfl, seven for 20, eight for 33, nine for 53, ten
fn'r K4. ! •
CALIFORNIA CRICKETERS
WIN IN FIRST INNINGS
California Wing and Lincoln Gun
Clubs Pepper Live and Clay
Birds.
The California Wingshot Club held a
pigeon shooting match yesterday after
noon at their grounds at Ingleside?. No
big scores were made, and the shooting
was not above the average. A. Roos had
bad luck in the match through having
hard birds, but he redeemed himself
afterward by making a splendid score in
a practice snoot. The glare of the sun
was very strong, which In a measure
accounts for the light pcores. The result
of the club match was as follows:
The Lincoln Club shot at blueroeks as
usual vesterday at the club grounds. The
followfng was the score: Norman 21. Dan
iels 18. Lewis 4, Feudnor 19, Edgar Foster
23, Eugene Foster IS, Golcher 22, Bowen 15,
Lewis 3, Kanlsson 19, Baum 16. Herzog
10, Cuneo IS. Well 19, Baum 19, Daniels
15. Fisher 19. Bekeart IS. Baum 12. Eck
ert IS, Haight 24.
PIGEON SHOOTING AT
INGLESIDE RANGES
That good hound Golden Rule won tho
stake at the Ingleside Coursing Park yes
terday, with Pleasant Girl as runner up.
The day throughout was a favorite day,
the dogs running true to form, but there
were a few short-enders that got the flag.
The hottest long shot of the day was
Statesman, in the second round, defeat
ing Rocker at the good odds of 4 to 1. Tod
Sloan was the only short-ender in the first
round to get the flag, defeating Belle
ClaJre at 2 to 1.
The results of the day were as follows:
Open stake-First ties: D. Toland'a Pleasant
Girl beat A. L. Austin's Firm Foe; Connell
Bros. Mamie Pleatant beat Lar.de & Gerber's
R!enr.i: J. I. O'Brien's Statesman beat H. A
U^keman's Hen KIrby: Kay Bros.' Hawker
beat U. A. Deckelman's Snapshot; II A Deck-
Flman's Kockfr beat William Cairnes' Imperial-
Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton beat j'
Cavaney's Juliet: Russell. Allen & Wilson's Mas
«L- Cla L': e f ' eat n - K - Ca rter's Hl t h Jinks: F.
McCombs Sir Pasha beat R. Strehl'a Three
( heern; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat G. W
H eln v. tZ 'U ierscheI ' 8 Prlde: E - D - Gallon's Lily
21 tbe.^VstlK'at M. Mlchlllkl's Terronite; S.
Handy r I arty Hujo beat P. Brophy's Bonicla
Hoy: J. McNeil's Black Hawk beat W N
Head's Lady Turbine; P. Joiner's Ever 'sure
jHi F T>S' u Matks Della M: O'Shea nros.'
Golden Rule beat Harrlsan & Wlesand's Over
ture: P. Joiner's \VJn« West beat J W H
Miiller's Moonstone: J. Rock's Minerva "beat
o-Fhea Bros.' Mercy May; M. J. Kelly's Nlsrht
Time beat Connell Bros.' St. Helen- G W
Helntz'8 Coquette b'-at Kay Bros. 1 Crosspatch'-
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat Rusnell. Allen &
Wilson's Rp'.le Claire: Russell, Allen & Wil
pon's Palmflower beat D. Shannon's Pafejruard
Secnml ties — Pleasant Girl beat Mamie rieas
ant; Statesman beat Rocker; Hawker beat Lit
tlo Fullerton; Sir Pasha beat Master Claire"
M"!>e beat Lily of the West: Lady Hugo beat
Black Hawk; Golden Rule beat Ever Pure-
WJne West h«>at Minerva: Nlpht Time beat Co^
queue: Palmflower beat Tod Ploan
Third tlejt— Pleasant Girl beat Statesman-
Sir Pasha beat Hawker; Mose beat Lndy Huko :
Golden Rule beat Wine West; Night Time beat
Palmflower.
Fourth ties— Pleasant Girl beat Sir Pasha-
Golden Rule beat Mose: N!*ht Time ran a bye
Fifth ties— Pleasant Girl beat Night Time-
Golden Rule ran a bye.
Final— Golden Rule beat Pleasant Girl.
Pleasant Girl, the Runner-
Up, Made a Sensational
Finish.
GOLDEN RULE
IN THE SURE
AT INGLESIDE
red. white and blue embroidered on the
breast. The Artels wore Jerseys with
broad stripes of white and royal blue. The
Dolphins w*re In white, with dark blue
monogram on the breast. The Olympics
were in red and the South Ends wore red
and white striped jerseys.
The junior outrigger skiff race brought
out four competitors— Charles Wilson of
the Artels. Victor Caglieri of the Olym
pics. M. J. Breen of the South Ends and
J. C. Stamer of the Alamedas. H. C.
Guild of the Alamedas* had entered the
junior skiff race, but the AJameda Club
skiff being unfit fcr use he rowed tn a
dingey, and of course had no chance of
winning in auch a craft. However, he
feels so sure of his ability to beat his
competitors that he has issued a general
challenge to all of them to pull again at
some later regatta. Charles Wilson won,
though he stored a most erratic course.
J. C. Stamer finished second.
The consolation barge race between
crews 1 and 2 of the Olympic Boat Club
was won by No. 2. the members of which
were. A. Bruman. bow: F. Sherry, No.
2; P. Eisemann. No. 3; C. Yates. stroke,
and P. Kane, coxswain.
The swimming races and water polo
match did not take place.
William Greer Harrison was president
of the day. John Elliott referee and P. J.
Enright starter. The timers were J. Cun
ningham. J. B. Keenan. John Peat, Judge
A. J. Fritz. Edward Lynch and Theodore
Elsfeldt. The judges were W. T. Howe.
A. Taylor. J. Laib. J. J. Cronin. Captain
William Thomas. J. P. Bogan. Leo Pock
witz, N. Paddock. D. H. Everett and I.
Citron. H. A. Pless and T. Meherin were
marshals of the course and had the crews
in their boats with commendable dis
patch. The following were honorary
judges: H. R. Mann. H. B. Russ. J. J.
Hassell. John A. Hammersmith. Judge J.
C. B. Hebbard. Dr. O. Burns, H. V. Rams
dell. W. D. Shea, H. D. Kiel and E. Fahr
bach.
The officials were accommodated on the
launch McNeill. The course was from a
line in front of and parallel to the Olym
pic boathouse out to Belvedere Point,
around the marks and back again across
the starting line. It was estimated at one
and a half miles, but probably was con
siderably short of that distance.
THE Olympic Boat Club was favored
with a beautiful day for Its aquatic
carnival yesterday at Belvedere. The
clubhouse was crowded with ladles,
while large numbers of spectators watched
the races from Valentines Island and from
the many yachts and rowboats In the
cove. The races were started soon after
the arrival of the 1:30 p. m. ferry-boat
from the city, the first event being the
special match in outrigger skiffs between
George Baker of the Dolphins and Stan
ley Adderley of the Tritons for a trophy
offered by A. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphins.
On the way out to the turn George Baker
established a good lead, rounded the mark
first and won as he liked, Adderley steer
ing a poor course on the homeward
stretch. .
The Junior barge race was the next
event on the programme, five crews tak
ing part. The South Ends had the Inside
station, the Dolphins next. Alamedas in
the center, the Olympics next and the
Arjels the outside station, toward Valen
tines Island. The Alamedas started off at
a terrific pace, rowing 46 strokes to the
minute. They established a lead, ar.d
keeping up their fast stroke came home
easy winners, the .»riels second and the |
South Ends third. The Dolphins lodged
a protest after the race against the Ala
medaa for fouling them at the turn, but
the protest was not allowed. The Ala
medas were charged with turning the
wrong stake. The Alameda crew was
made up as follows: E. Hainan, bow; E.
B. Thorning. No. 2: H. C. Guild. No. 3;
George Lewis, stroke, ar.d B. Cameron,
coxswain. The Ariel crew consisted of
! J. Keesran. bow; E. Smith. No. 2; H.
i Foley, No. 3. and H. Luhrsen. stroke. Roy
I West handling the tiller lines. Thp Ala
1 medas wore black jerseys with flags in
P. Carters of San Francisco and the Vaca
ville nine. The score was 9 to S in favor
of the Dan P. Carters.
SANTA CRUZ. May 20.— The baseball
game this afternoon between the Hees
mans of Oakland and Santa Cruz was won
by the former by a score of S to 4. The
locals were weakened by the absence of
Strieb and Arellanes. Batteries: Santa
Cruz— Balz and FitzRerald; Heesmans—
Waierbery and Peralto.
COLUSA, May 2O.-The baseball pame
between the Colusa and the Biggs clubs
was won by the former by a score of
VISALJA. May 20.— In the Valley League
game to-day Visalia defeated Bakersneld
by a score of 9 to 4.
Runs resixmslble for— Harper 1, Seville 4.
Three-base hit— Moore. Two-base hits— Pace,
Courtney. Sacrifice hits-Streib. Hutchinson,
Beville. FlrM base on called balls— Off Harper
S, off Beville 1. Left on bas»-9— Stockton 5.
Oakland 6. Double play— I^x-khead to Streib.
Hit by pitcher— Lockhead. Struck out— by Har
per 3." by Beville 1. Time of (came— Two hours
I'mpire— J. Donahue. Scorer— A. H. Harlin:
Minor Coast Games.
VACAVILI.E, May 20.— The most excit
ing came of ball ever witnessed in this
tow-n took place to-day between the Dan
John Lankenau, High Man on the Company's Prize
Target.
I Second round — Anchor beat Tyrone Prince,
i 8-0: 1 iaisy 1 >ul<« beat Moonbrlght. 6-0: Best Bar
gain beat Tired Out. 16-1.
Third round— Anchor beat Daisy Dale, 4-2;
Beit a bye.
Deciding course— Curtis & Son's Anchor (Sky
] rocket-Vanity Fair) heat Bartels • Bros.' Best
Bargain (Boomerang- Winning: Style). 5-0.
Judge P. J. Reilly's black greyhound
Grafter, recently graduated from the
puppy ranks, provided the sensation yes
terday at Union Coursing Park. He out- |
6tayed Curtis & Son's blue dog Beacon, I
which had been played off the board by j
the bettore, and won by a score of 21 to j
13, after running two minutes and ten ]
seconds. Beacon ehowed the greater I
speed in the run up to the hare, but I
Grafter was persistent and tried all he i
knew. The hare proved an unusually j
strong one which the fleet dogs could not
break down. He first took them across
the field to the escape where the score I
was 11 to 1L Down the field they came j
again, Grafter working the hare and, al- j
though Beacon was at his flanks, he could I
not score. The hare made his way back j
to the place from which he was released ;
and finally sought relief in Slipper j
Grace's stand. The spectators cheered
the dog and his owner. Judge Reilly, and i
gave more cheers for his successful train- !
er, James Siverney. Grafter was not j
asked to run again, the stewards permit
ting his withdrawal.
The defeat of Beacon did not deprive
Curtis & Son of the stake, as Luxot
went through in dashing style. He ran
an extra course owing to an "undecided"
with Auckland. In the final he met J. P.
Thrift's Brutus, which he beat by a score
of S to 1. Brutus was four pounds above
his regular weight and ran in grand form.
Curtis & Son also won the puppy stake
with their promising young dog Anchor.
Bartels Bros.' Best Bargain was runner
up.
The first round was a hard one for the
backers of favorites. Flying Fox was the
first disappointment, being beaten at odds
of 10 to 1 by Jennie Wilson. Red Hind
beat St. Anthony at 5 to 1 after an "un
decided." Slim beat Rock Island King 5
to 3; Thornhill beat Iowa Bay 5 to 2;
Motto beat J L It 6 to 3; Royal Union
boat For Glory 5 to 3; Winning Lassie
beat Julius Caesar 5 to 4, and Brutus beat
McKinley. May Hemstead beat Master
Workman by favor.
The detailed results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake— J. Button' » Master Lawrence beat
H. LyncJi'a Lexingun. lu-6; Aeneid Kennels'
Athena b*at K. K. '1* B. Lopez's Minnie Wa
\\» (-1; G. Whitney's Theron beat Captain
Cane's Master Daverwort, 5-0; Curtis & Son's
ravalicr l*at R. L. Taylor's Beauty Boot, 5-2;
J Carroll'* AuckUmd beat Pasha Kennels'
Reckless Archer. 5-0; D. Winders Risky At
tempt beat Sterl & Knowles' Frosty Morn. 6-1:
J. R. t*tnlth's Jennie Wilson beat Curtis & Son's
Fiyins Fox, ll-*>; Curtis & Son's Luxor beat
Russell, Allen & Wilu-n's Chicatf> IV>y. 4-t;
Erwin & Lyon'B May Oueen beat R. E. ile B.
Lopez's ?ara, 5-3; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Lady E*v ma b**t A - Johnson's Mountain Heau
ty 5-0; J Curtis & Son's old Glory tx-at J. J.
Kdir.or.ds' Morning Glory. «-0; J. Martenet'a
Hlim beat G- AbiTcromble's Rock Island King,
(-4; T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat E. M. Kel-
IckkV If'Wa IViy. 3-0; K. A. McComb'* Motto
beat J. L Ribs' J L It. r ; -S: P. J. Reilly's Royal
I'nlon bf«t St«rl & Knowles' For Giory. 2-0;
Cai'tain Cane's Grt-onhall l*at T. Sullivan's
c.actlp I*l6n<l 1V>y. 8-1; J. Carroll's Red Hind
brat N. P. Whitinc'* St. Anthony, C-0; R. L.
TavUre Wlnnlns Lassie beat Rus*ell. Allen
& Wilson's Julius Caesar. 4-2: J. P. Thrift's
IJrutus b*-at CurtiR & Fan's McKinley. 4-2: K.
M Kplloeir'* Kid McCoy beat Curtis & Son's
Commodore. T-l: J. Hurley's O. K. Capitol beat
J I* Thrift's Forget, 5-4; P. J. Reilly's Grafter
beat It. K. de B. Lopez's Carmcnclta, 4-1; Cur
tis & Son's Heacon beat J. Carroll's Bluestone,
B-l« Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat Trainor &
8u!*lt van's My Selection. . 5-0; J Suttnn's May
flower beat G. Aherrmmbien Victor Klne. 6-0;
I'astha Kennels' Metallic beat Aen»id Kennels'
Maid of Erin. 5-2; Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer
beat J It Smith's Ma^lc, i-0; Papha Kennela'
May Hempstead beat J. Smith's Master
Woi-ktnan, 4-0.
Second rounil- Master Lawrence beat Atbenn.
4-fl- Th«ron beat Cavalier. 6-0; Auckland beat
nis'ky Attempt, <-0; Luxor beat Jennie Wilson,
C-0- May Queen beat Lady Emma, 4-2; Old
Glory beat Slim. 3-1: Thcrnhill beat Motto. 4-0:
GiWnhall beat Royal ITnlcn. S-5; Winning Las-
Fie b~at Iti-d Hind, *-0; Hruiiis beat Kid Mc-
Coy 8-1: Grafter beat O. K. Capitol. 3-2: Bea
o.on beat Mayflower, 6-0: Narcissus beat Metal
lic. 5-0; May Hempetead beat Beer Brewer. 6-1
Third round— Theron beat Master I^awrence,
6-0; Luxor beat Auckland, 7-0: Old Glory beat
May Queen, 9-7: Greenhall beat Thornhill. 7-4;
: Hriitus beat Winning Lassie, 4-3; Grafter beat
neuron; Narcissus beat May Hempstead, 4-0. -
Fourth round— Luior beat Theron. 10-2;
| Greenhall beat Old Glory. 4-0; Brutus a bye,
: Grafter withdrawn; NsrclKsus a bye.
: Fifth round — Luxor beat Greenhall. 8-4; Bru-
I tus beat Narcissus. S-4.
Deciding couree — Curtis & Son's Luror (Sky
rocket-Wave) beat J. P. Thrift's Brutus (Pre
tender-Lady Pembroke), 8-1.
1 Puppy stake— J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince
' beat Chlarinl Bros." Ranee. 8-0; Curtis & Son's
i Anchor beat H. Lynch's Game Cock. 6-4: T. J.
i Cronin's Daisy Dale beat J. P. Thrift's The
; Jester.' 6-0; P. J. Reilly's MoonbriKht beat Cap
¦ tain Clarkeon's Head Water, 8-4; Bartels Bros.'
Ben Bargain beat I). Dillon's Challenger, 6-5;
, J. P. Thrift's Tired Out beat J. Maner"* Emma
M. 7-6.
Outstays Beacon, the Curtis'
Star, a Prohibitive Fa
vorite.
JODGE REILLY'S
GRAFTER BEATS
THE BLUE DOG
COSTLY ERRORS
AND LOOSE PLAY
BY LOCAL TEAM
Champions Take Two Games
Out of the Series.
of Three.
San Francisco Wins Out In the Oak
land Contest— Hanlon Was Put
in the Box and Found
"Wanting.
— — «
Sacramento 7. San Francisco 2.
Two men had g-one. n«»v«r to return.
Reiliy. Brockhoff and Hildebrand were
ornamenting the eacks. Krug was at the
plate, ar.d the score read Its final figure.
Har.k was on his knees— in the spirit—
dreaming of Heine's fence-leaping per
formances. And It was all a dream, for
Heine is not and has not been himself this
season. He flew to McLaughlln and the
game was over.
All kind of funny work was Indulged In
by the local team In the game yesterday
afternoon at Recreation grounds. Errors
defeated them— just that kind which are
ir.acJe at the wrong moment and show up
la heavy black In the expense account.
I>oy!e's pitching had something to do ¦with
it also, for he was touched seven tii;ies.
Thon, again, whenever the batters w^re
asked to soak 'em out they did not follow
the cue. The Friseco men are not pood
actors.
One of Hank's own crossed the plat" at
the inception cf the game. Brockhoff. first
man up. rolled the ball out to center and
?-arned his first sack, going to the middle
station on Hildebrand's sacrifice and srir
ir.s «n Krug's hit to Ragan and the play
at first.
Heine Krug, in his nervous attempt to
do pr«at things, gave the visitor? the:r
Ftart of rums In the third Inning, which
netted them four tallies. McLaugh'.in
reached first on a hit, and jopped arrur.d
the baps when Eagan Ehot the ball t o the
flagpole for a triple. Then Krug besnn
to forget, and before the staple three had
perished Dapan. Hughes and Hanlon had
put their return imprint upon the rubber.
In the Fixth Frisco unloosened. Heina
Krug singled to center, purloined the
middle sack and went to third on Stults's
*rror. scoring on the throw in of
Schwartz's long drive to center.
In the seventh an error of Pabst ¦with
two men in the cemetery gave Devereaux
hi? base. Pome bad throwing put him on
t'iir'1 A hit by E3gan scored Deverentix.
anii some more bad throwing pent Eae&n
fii<i Huphes. who followed, over the plate.
The ecore:
FAN FRANCISCO.
FfMMAUT.
Thr»>e-base hit— Eagan. Two-base hits—Me
l^auRhlin, Levy. Sacrifice hit— Hildebrand.
FlrFt bese on errors- San Francisco 4. Sacra
ni^iKo ? First base on call«-<l balls — Kan Fran
c!s«o<j 2. Sacramento 2. Left on bac»s— San Fran
cisco V, Sacramento 4. Struck out — Ry IburB 2,
bj Doyle 3. Double play— Rellly to Krus to
I'abft. Wild pltch-I>»-!e. Time of fame- 1
hour u0 minutes. Urcplre — Graves. Scorer— J.
*V. Stapleton.
MORircilG GATrtT,.
San Francisco 10, Sacramento 2.
Hank Harris' players earned runs and
phunr.ed errors during the morning con
test on the Oakland grounds. Jay Hughes
did not pitch, neither did Doyle; but Han
lon and ::.:iran did. Hanlon's fantastic
boivrork was a picnic for the local stick
ers, and they made the best of it.
Nine of the ttn runs were made in the
first three innings, when Hanlon was
pwatted pood and hard and Sacramento
played rapped hall. Then Truck E.igan
wns put on th>? slab, and the local team
could do nothing with him. Fitzpatriek
w.if in pooc 1 . form, allowing but four hits
during thf- entire same. Sacramento made
a bun<"h of errors, while but two black
ened the Frisco column, both of which
went to Knjg. who otherwise played a
fast, steady game. The srore:
SUMMARY.
Three-l>ase hit- Fltipa trick.. Sacrifice hit—
Pwj,W. Firm haw* on error* — Sacramento 2.
Fan Francii^ri S. Fir»t l-a»e on called balls —
PaTanifnto .V Pan Francisco 7. I>eft on btt*e» — -
tiaTamfnlo 7. Pan Franoi*co 7. Struck cut— I?y
Hanlon and Eatan 3. l>y Fttzpatrick 4. Hit by
piteher—Pepjile*. DouHe filayp— Karan to Stultz
to Huphc*: IVvereaux to Pyne. Passed ball —
Ftanley. Tlrre of fume— 1 hour 50 mlnute». Um
pire — Graves. Scorer— J. W. S:a;l«-t _t>.
Stockton Wins Again.
STOCKTON. May 2O.-The Oakland
Dudes wpr* a^aln defeated by the Stock
tons at Goodw«t«r Grove to-day. A large
crowd witnessed the short circuiting of
Seville's live vtlrrr In the fifth Inniug.
where the «-Iectrieal display took place.
Courtney tallied on Moore's three-bagc^r.
Kabbitt trird a sacrifice, but reached first
en it. while Moore slid home. Lockhead
and Babbitt scored on Pace's bagge. 1 .
Stcffani was put in the box for Oakland
but too late Th<» score:
STOCKTON.
Forty-one years ago the San Francisco
Schuetzen Vereln was organized, and yes
terday that event was commemorated by
a picnic and grand public prize shoot at
Shell Mound range. The'Vereln is one
of the wealthiest shooting bodies west of
the Rocky Mountains, and on Its mem
bership roll are the most prominent citi
zens of the Pacific Coast. The officers of
the Verein are: President, E. P. Rathjen;
vice-president. George Alpers; secretary,
K. Wertheimer: financial secretary, D.
Dunker; treasurer, H. Koster. Officers of
the schuetzen company— Captain, John
Thode; first lieutenant. H. Stalling; second
lieutenant, E. Ipsen j third lieutenant, D.
Salfield: fourth lieutenant, E. Goltze.
The company assembled early In th,e
morning at its headquarters and. marched
to the ferry, headed by a band'of music.
The families of the members went to
the park early and stayed late, there be
ing plenty of amusement for old and
young. Festivities were opened by a
speech by President Rathjen, who spoke
of the splendid history of the organization
and of its bright prospects. Then the fun
commenced. There was bowling and
dancing for the older and prizes for the
children and songs by the singer section
of the Germanla Club. The main attrac
tion, however, for most of the members
was on the rifle shooting range. In the
public prize contest cash amounting to
$350 was contested for. There were forty
cash prizes for the best centers, the sums
ranging from $25 to $1 50. Similar cash
prizes were offered for the most points,
and $40 was divided in eight prizes in pre
miums on the point target. There were
also $2 50 and $1 cash prizes for the rirst
and last bullseyes In the forenoon and
afternoon.
In the latter W. C. Morken won the first
center in the morning and F. Urandt the
last before dinner. J. Lankenau was so
close for this prize that it was hard to
tell which was the winner. The first cen
ter in the afternoon fell to D. B. Faktor
and the last to John Utschig. As near as
could be learned the most bullseyes of the
day and the prizes therefor were as fol
lows: F. P. Schuster 11, John Utschig 9,
A. H. Pape 9, D. B. Faktor 7. D. Saltield 7,
L. Bcndel 6. The prize-winners of the best
centers and most points will not be learn
ed until Wednesday evening, when the
tickets will be figured out by the com
mittees at California Hall. Besides the
public events, the members had a lively
competition for honorary prizes on the
company target. In this three shots were
allowed to each member on the 25-ring
target, possible 75. J. Lankenau carried
off the honors of the day in this contest.
One hundred and one members contested.
Annexed are seventy-five of the winners
in the order of their winning:
J. Lankenau, TO; \V. Gllndemann, 6S; C. Thier
bach, 67; A. H. Pape, 66; A. Juncblut, 65; X.
Ahrens. 64; L. Haake, 63; D. B. Faktor. 62;
L. Bendel. 61; S. Helno. 61; F. P. Schuster 61;
H. H. Burfelnd. 61; H. Tietjen. 59; F. Attin*er.
59; F. Hensel, 59; J. Utsehlg. 58: R. Stettin.
58; G. Shaefer. 58; H. Huber, 57; Phllo Jacoby
57; F. Rust. 57: J. Gefken, 56; J. English 66;
J. Thode, 56; H. Stelllng, 56; George Seyden,
56; A. Bertelsen, 56; J. Peters. 56: F. Brandt.
55; \V. C. Morken, 55; J. de Wit. 55; Judge
George H. Bahrs. -54; D. Salfleld, 54; H. Hel
b»rg. 53; K. Wertheimer, 63; J. D. Helse, 53;
H. Meyer, 51; F. Hllz. 61; D. von der Mehden.
61; Ed Goetze. 51; F. Krug, 60: August SchulB,
50; F. Atzroth, 49; G. Alpers, 43; H. F. Lilken
dey, 4S;A. L. Ott. 4S: F. Koch, 48; J. C. Wal
ler, 47: George Peln. 47; O. Burmelster, 46; O.
Lemckc, 46; A. Mocker, 46; A. Huber, 45; J.
H. J. Seyden, 45; George Schulz, 44: L. Rltzau,
43; F. Pape, 42; J. Hnrtmann, 42; E. Ipsen, 41;
R. Gerhow. 41; A. Browning. 40; D.' Dunker,
29; W. Platt. 38; Dr. C. Orantz, 28; J. Tlede
mann, 38; J. Beuttler, 38; W. Garms, 38; II.
Zecher, 35; W. Ehrenpfort, 32; I*. Slebe. 32;
L. Hofmann. 31: H. Huppert. 30; M. Prlen. 30;
B. Brouse. 29; A. Meyer. 22: C. Gellert. 21.
In every way the affair was a success,
which was due to the efforts of the follow
ing committees:
Committee of arrangements— D. B. Faktor,
chairman; J. Thode, Henry Stelllng, E. Ipsen,
D. Salfleld. Ed Goetze, K. Wertheimer. secre
tary; Henry Koeter. H. F. Lllkendey, R. Stet
tin, J. Lankenau, H. Huber. Henry Hellberff,
F. P. Schuster. J. D. Helse, J. UtschiR, Henry
Meyer, F. G. Cranz, L. C. Holman, A. Hage
dorn, F. Attlncer, George Alpers, Ferdinand
Rust. A. Junsblut. treasurer; H. H. Uurfelfid.
Sub-committees: Printing— K. Wertheimer,
Henry fuelling, R. Stettin; prizes— D. Salneld,
A. Junsblut, U. Stettin; bowling— J. Thode, E.
Ipsen, H. H. Burfelnd: shootinj?— J. Utschig, F.
P. Schuster, F. AttlnKer, II. F. Lllkendey. R.
Stettin. E. Goctze, J. D. Helae, D. Salfleld. II.
Huber; special prlzts— Oeorge Alpers. Henry
Meyer F. C. Cranz, A. Hagedorn. E. Ipsen, L.
Hofman. Ferdinand Rust, D. Salfleld, Henry
Stellins. H. Burfeind, F. P. Schuster, F. At
tinfjcr: bird— II. F. Lllkendey. R. Stettin; floor
manager — J. Lankenau.
The big event of the achuetzen festival
will take place to-day. It is the eagle
shoot. The verein was the first organiza
tion on tho coast, years ago. to inaugu
rate this attraction. On the top of a tall
pole Captain L.. Slebe has placed a large
wooden bird, representing an eagle, at
which the members will shoot until every
part, claws, head, tail, etc.. Is cut away
by bullets. Every part represents a prize
to the lucky shooter. The last, the heart,
will determine the man who Is to be the
shooting king of the organization for the
ensuing year.
Columbia Pistol Club Scores.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot yesterday at Harbor View for all
comers and members was well attended,
and fine average shooting" prevailed. Sev
eral members made their Initial, effort at
the target, and many visitors were Inter
ested in the shooting, among them being
several ladies, some of whom tried the big
guns. The scores:
Columbia tercet off-hand shooting: Rifle, 10-
Bhot scores; 200 yards— F. O. YounK, 47, 49. 62,
Do, 60, 62; A. B. Dorrell, 51, D6. 59, 64. 67; 69;
C M. Dalss. 60. 67. 84, 99; O. Mannel. 67, 72, 73,
81, S»; Dr. H. C. Traek, 1W. Rifle record
ncoron— Dorrell. 73; Dr. Twist, 10S. 130: Miss
Starkweather, 200.
Repeating rifles (30-30 carbines), Creedmoor
count— P. Becker. 43; F. "SV. Fape. 42; O. Hoad
ley, 42. 41: A. Partridge, 40.
Twist revolver medal, 50 yards— C. M. Dalss.
E2 56, 57. 68. 72; F. O. Younir. 63, 63, 70; P.
Becker, 78. SO, 82. In thin match I>al88 and
Young shot a BO-shot Creedmoor match. Dalss
winning with 42 out of 50 In the eight-inch
bullseye.
PlRtol, 50 yards— F. O. Young. 61. 66: X. A.
Robinson, S2, 91. Pistol record scores— N. A.
Robinson. 68: A. Partridge, 91; Dr. Hunsaker,
100; fc. A. Allen. 93.
Twenty-two and 25 rifle •medal. 50 yards— Q.
Mannel, 22, 27; Dr. J. F. Twist. 26. 2« 23. 29, 32;
Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 29, 31, 43; Mrs. Q. Mannel.
34 40. Twenty-two rifle record scores— Mrs.
Waltham. 26. 34; E. A. Allen. 38, 43. 51; F.
Hasemann, 45.
Record scores with 30-30 carbines, 50 yards—
P. Becker, 28. 41: O. Hoadley. 34; W. R. Ed
gren, 58, 58; A. Partridge. 60, 60; Miss Stark
weather, 79.
John Lankenau's Score Carries Off
the Pick of the Many Valuable
Trophies on the Com
pany Target. •
OLDEST RIFLE
CLUB HOLDS A
MAY FESTIVAL
San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein's Forty-First
Anniversary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 21; 1900.
Alameda Club Turns Out the Fastest Barge Crew of the
Day— Wilson Wins Skiff Race.
SCULLERS FORMALLY OPEN
THE BOAT-RACING SEASON
George Lewis. H. C. Guild. B. Cameron, Coxswain. E. B. Thornlng. E. Hainan.
lads From Alameda Who Pull a Lusty Oar.
6
SACRAMENTO.
Batteries— Thomas and Robinson; Carrlck and
Bowerman. Umpire— O" Day.
AB. H. CH. SB. PO. A. E
Babbitt, a. « t 2 1 o 4 2
I. .;¦.'¦' ¦¦¦¦!. k. b !10 0l5i
I'ar*. c 4 0 112 0 0
Ftr«>ib. Ib 3 0 1 0 15 0 0
McCarthy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Mr.rrow. r. f 4 0 • 0 2 1 1
fourtTipy. c. t I 1 S 0 4 0 0
Mrcre.. 3b * ' 1 1 0 1 2 o
Harder, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
TotaU... 32 5 7 4 27 1« 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Schmeer, «. s 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Hammond, c 4 1112 11
Ilutchin&on, lb 3 0 2 0 11 0.0
Franck.il, £b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Hardif. L f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
nur.leavy. r. f 2 110 2 0 0
l^ar.^e. £b 4 0 10 0 2 1
I)r«>r.r.an, c. f 4 C 2 0 1 0 0
Iieville, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Ft*-JTani. p 1 0 0 0 0 1 O
Totals 10 I 7 1 24 4 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Etorlrton 60004010 •-€
»*•• Wt» 0C014110 •— 7
kland
Jase hi
il'ts"!'.!
) 1 1
)* 2 2
0 C
1 C
0 0 0 0
0 10 1
0-2
0-7
Rt
[•MM .'
JRV
a. bh. sn. po.
A
E
E
10 11
C
0 0 10
4
2
0 2 0 4
0 0 0 1
n i n *
n
I
1
0
r,
4
.... 3
.... I
.... 4
0 0 0 1
0 1 0 14
0 0 0 2
0
0
6
1
1
0
2 4 3 27
IS
€
FAN"
CIPCFO.
r. dh. sn. ro.
A
K
Z 1 Z U
t
0
i
*> 1 1 Z
2 10 4
ft n r, 11
5
1
II
I
«i O f) 11
2 2 0 1
i o fi r.
0
5
0
('
fl
4
2
3
....37
0 7 3 IT
14
2
fj
T?Y INNINGS.
Fur
1,1
0-
0-
2
4
Fan
4
:
1-
4 1
It. BH.
1 3
. 6
(
. PO.
2
. A.
1
E
0
4 0
5 1
0 0
1 1
0
2
1
0
I
0
1
4 0
<
1
1
8
I
4 <J
'J I
I
I
3
1
4 0
2
24
12
4
I. SB.
A.
4
3
4
2
1
2
2
4
4
1
1
P
¦
0
2
«
4
3
2
7
6
n
11
4
[SKIN
G5.
I 0
©-!
0— «
¦
4
;
) 3
) 2
0
1
• •
•—9
B. R. Glidden and J. Pearson..' 21
J. reacock and C. W. Glidden 12
21
15
21
19
P. Hutchlnson and M. Dillon 21
P. Kelly and G. Hutchinson u
18
21
21
11
C. Lakln and C. Smith 21
P. Munz and J. Carney 19
21
10
tl
U
G. Ackerson and T. McManus,. 21
H. Toner and J. Dougherty 14
O. B. Hay ward and W. H. Sleberst.. 81
P. Kyan and J. J. Canavan u .
21
20
10
• 21
21
16
21
20
G. n. Hayward and P. Ryan 21
W. H. Sieberst and E. Antone 15
21
13
13
21
A. McVlcker and T. Leach. Jl
J. Condon and T. Foley 1$
19
21
14
J Kill Ian and W. Johnson...... 21
E. White and A. Whlteman 10
n
21
17
J. Harlow and J* Rlordan 21
M. J. KllKKlIon and J. Collins .' 12
18
21
21
19
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings.
J. Meyers, b. A. Dtckenson 10
C. P. Coles, b. J. Guild |
G. Theobald, b. A. Pickenson 5
A. B. Willis, b. A. Dtckenson.......... 2
H C. Casidy. c. Loughman b. J. Guild 3
D. JamiPson. b. A. Dickenson...... 2
A. W. Wilding, c. and b. J. Guild 0
V .lamleson. b. A. Dickenson 3
L H. Sandllands. lbw. b. A. Dickenson 1
W. McDonald, not out *
W G. Selwood. b. A. Dickenson I
Byes 2. leg bye 1 3
Total : : 23
Bowler. B. R. M. W.
A. IJtckenson .......67 14 5 7
J. Guild 66 22 — 3
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings.
E. G. Sloman. b. Casldy 1
K J- Loughman. b. Sandllanda 1
W. Reeves, b. Casldy 0
J Guild, c. G. Theobald b. Sandllands 4
a' Dlckenson. c. Jamieson b. Sandllands.... 7
J.' Read. st. Myere, b. Sandllands 0
L. Schroeder. not out 26
B. Bird. b. Casldy 4
A Willis, c. Wilding, b. Coles 3
J.' KobertB. b. Jatnleson 7
\V. Bromfleld, c. Selwood. b. Bandllands.... 0
Bye *
Total • -.54
ANALYSIS OF BOWLING.
Bowler. B. R. M. W.
H. C. Casidy ........64 SO — 3
L II. Sandil.inds ..40 13 — 5
C. P. Coles 18 10 - 1
P. Jamieson 6 1 — 1
The Pacifies on going to the wickets for
the second time scored 79 for the loss of
six wickets. J. Myers contributinp 27 and
C P Coles 25. The Innings was then
called. The Caltfornlas went to the bat
and played out time, seven wickets being
down for 39 runs at the end of the day's
Dlav The match bcingr unfinished, the
victory lay with the Callfornias on the
Urst Innings.
Total.
Stade 011221010111—9
Wagner , 2 0 112 2 112 12 2-11
Barker ! 112 1112 10 10 2-10
Shaw 22222122122 2-12
Williamson 2 12 112 2 12 2 1 0-11
Owens 11111110201 1-10
A. Roos 201202012010-7
Cuthbert 12 2 2 0 0 2 0 2 10 0-7
Johnes 2 1112 110 111 1-11
O. Feudner 22222022222 2-11
Wagneo 222211110!! 2— 11
Shaw ?. 1 1 2 2 1 0 2 2 2 2 2 2-11
Williamson 12222222222 2-12
A Itoos 02002102110 1—7
C. Kauman 12 2 2 2 2 2 2 12 2 1-12
C. Haieht 222">2222211 2-11
C F Stone 21220021202 2-9
H. Kullnran 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 2-11
H. Justlns 2 12 0 2 2 12 2 2 2 0-10
Puline 01112121122 0— 10
Shaw 12102222222 2-11
Nauman 1 2 1 1 2 2 2 2 11 1 2- 9
Bullne 12122210200 1-9
Nauman 2 2 2 12 2 2 2 12 1 1-12
Clubs- R. h. E.
Cincinnati 6 12 1
Brooklyn 4 13 3
Batteries— Scott and Pelti; Kennedy and Far-
rell. Umpire— Emslie.
Clubs- R.
St. Louis '. 9
New York i
H. E.
U 3
10 2
Clubs— K. II. E.
Chicago 8 10 3
Pittsburg 3 9 3
Batteries— Killen and Chance; Philllppl an.1
Latlmer. Umpire— Swartwood.
Clubs— W. L.
Philadelphia 15 7
Brooklyn.... 15 9
Chicaco 15 10
Pittsburs?... 14 11
Pet. I Clubs— W. I>. :
.6S2'St. Ixiuls 11 11
.623 Cincinnati.. 10 12
.JCOINew York.. 6 IS
.560; Boston 5 15
Pet.
.500
.455
.273
.200
B. R. Glidden and J. Pearson..' 21
J. reacock and C. W. Glidden 12
21
15
21
19
P. Hutchlnson and M. Dillon 21
P. Kelly and G. Hutchinson u
18
21
21
11
C. Lakln and C. Smith 21
P. Munz and J. Carney 19
21
10
tl
U
G. Ackerson and T. McManus,. 21
H. Toner and J. Dougherty 14
O. B. Hay ward and W. H. Sleberst.. 81
P. Kyan and J. J. Canavan u .
21
20
10
• 21
21
16
21
20
G. n. Hayward and P. Ryan 21
W. H. Sieberst and E. Antone 15
21
13
13
21
A. McVlcker and T. Leach. Jl
J. Condon and T. Foley 1$
19
21
14
J Kill Ian and W. Johnson...... 21
E. White and A. Whlteman 10
n
21
17
J. Harlow and J* Rlordan 21
M. J. KllKKlIon and J. Collins .' 12
18
21
21
19
Clubs- R. h. E.
Cincinnati 6 12 1
Brooklyn 4 13 3
Batteries— Scott and Pelti; Kennedy and Far-
rell. Umpire— Emslie.
Clubs- R.
St. Louis '. 9
New York i
H. E.
U 3
10 2
Clubs— K. II. E.
Chicago 8 10 3
Pittsburg 3 9 3
Batteries— Killen and Chance; Philllppl an.1
Latlmer. Umpire— Swartwood.
Clubs— W. L.
Philadelphia 15 7
Brooklyn.... 15 9
Chicaco 15 10
Pittsburs?... 14 11
Pet. I Clubs— W. I>. :
.6S2'St. Ixiuls 11 11
.623 Cincinnati.. 10 12
.JCOINew York.. 6 IS
.560; Boston 5 15
Pet.
.500
.455
.273
.200
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings.
J. Meyers, b. A. Dtckenson 10
C. P. Coles, b. J. Guild |
G. Theobald, b. A. Pickenson 5
A. B. Willis, b. A. Dtckenson.......... 2
H C. Casidy. c. Loughman b. J. Guild 3
D. JamiPson. b. A. Dickenson...... 2
A. W. Wilding, c. and b. J. Guild 0
V .lamleson. b. A. Dickenson 3
L H. Sandllands. lbw. b. A. Dickenson 1
W. McDonald, not out *
W G. Selwood. b. A. Dickenson I
Byes 2. leg bye 1 3
Total : : 23
Bowler. B. R. M. W.
A. IJtckenson .......67 14 5 7
J. Guild 66 22 — 3
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings.
E. G. Sloman. b. Casldy 1
K J- Loughman. b. Sandllanda 1
W. Reeves, b. Casldy 0
J Guild, c. G. Theobald b. Sandllands 4
a' Dlckenson. c. Jamieson b. Sandllands.... 7
J.' Read. st. Myere, b. Sandllands 0
L. Schroeder. not out 26
B. Bird. b. Casldy 4
A Willis, c. Wilding, b. Coles 3
J.' KobertB. b. Jatnleson 7
\V. Bromfleld, c. Selwood. b. Bandllands.... 0
Bye *
Total • -.54
ANALYSIS OF BOWLING.
Bowler. B. R. M. W.
H. C. Casidy ........64 SO — 3
L II. Sandil.inds ..40 13 — 5
C. P. Coles 18 10 - 1
P. Jamieson 6 1 — 1
The Pacifies on going to the wickets for
the second time scored 79 for the loss of
six wickets. J. Myers contributinp 27 and
C P Coles 25. The Innings was then
called. The Caltfornlas went to the bat
and played out time, seven wickets being
down for 39 runs at the end of the day's
Dlav The match bcingr unfinished, the
victory lay with the Callfornias on the
Urst Innings.
Total.
Stade 011221010111—9
Wagner , 2 0 112 2 112 12 2-11
Barker ! 112 1112 10 10 2-10
Shaw 22222122122 2-12
Williamson 2 12 112 2 12 2 1 0-11
Owens 11111110201 1-10
A. Roos 201202012010-7
Cuthbert 12 2 2 0 0 2 0 2 10 0-7
Johnes 2 1112 110 111 1-11
O. Feudner 22222022222 2-11
Wagneo 222211110!! 2— 11
Shaw ?. 1 1 2 2 1 0 2 2 2 2 2 2-11
Williamson 12222222222 2-12
A Itoos 02002102110 1—7
C. Kauman 12 2 2 2 2 2 2 12 2 1-12
C. Haieht 222">2222211 2-11
C F Stone 21220021202 2-9
H. Kullnran 1 1 1 2 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 2-11
H. Justlns 2 12 0 2 2 12 2 2 2 0-10
Puline 01112121122 0— 10
Shaw 12102222222 2-11
Nauman 1 2 1 1 2 2 2 2 11 1 2- 9
Bullne 12122210200 1-9
Nauman 2 2 2 12 2 2 2 12 1 1-12
4 1
It. BH.
1 3
. 6
(
. PO.
2
. A.
1
E
0
4 0
5 1
0 0
1 1
0
2
1
0
I
0
1
4 0
<
1
1
8
I
4 <J
'J I
I
I
3
1
4 0
2
24
12
4
I. SB.
A.
4
3
4
2
1
2
2
4
4
1
1
P
¦
0
2
«
4
3
2
7
6
n
11
4
[SKIN
G5.
I 0
©-!
0— «
¦
4
;
) 3
) 2
0
1
• •
•—9
a. bh. sn. po.
A
E
E
10 11
C
0 0 10
4
2
0 2 0 4
0 0 0 1
n i n *
n
I
1
0
r,
4
.... 3
.... I
.... 4
0 0 0 1
0 1 0 14
0 0 0 2
0
0
6
1
1
0
2 4 3 27
IS
€
FAN"
CIPCFO.
r. dh. sn. ro.
A
K
Z 1 Z U
t
0
i
*> 1 1 Z
2 10 4
ft n r, 11
5
1
II
I
«i O f) 11
2 2 0 1
i o fi r.
0
5
0
('
fl
4
2
3
....37
0 7 3 IT
14
2
fj
T?Y INNINGS.
Fur
1,1
0-
0-
2
4
Fan
4
:
1-
AB. H. CH. SB. PO. A. E
Babbitt, a. « t 2 1 o 4 2
I. .;¦.'¦' ¦¦¦¦!. k. b !10 0l5i
I'ar*. c 4 0 112 0 0
Ftr«>ib. Ib 3 0 1 0 15 0 0
McCarthy. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Mr.rrow. r. f 4 0 • 0 2 1 1
fourtTipy. c. t I 1 S 0 4 0 0
Mrcre.. 3b * ' 1 1 0 1 2 o
Harder, p 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
TotaU... 32 5 7 4 27 1« 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Schmeer, «. s 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Hammond, c 4 1112 11
Ilutchin&on, lb 3 0 2 0 11 0.0
Franck.il, £b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Hardif. L f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
nur.leavy. r. f 2 110 2 0 0
l^ar.^e. £b 4 0 10 0 2 1
I)r«>r.r.an, c. f 4 C 2 0 1 0 0
Iieville, p 10 0 0 0 0 0
Ft*-JTani. p 1 0 0 0 0 1 O
Totals 10 I 7 1 24 4 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Etorlrton 60004010 •-€
»*•• Wt» 0C014110 •— 7
kland
Jase hi
il'ts"!'.!
) 1 1
)* 2 2
0 C
1 C
0 0 0 0
0 10 1
0-2
0-7
Rt
[•MM .'
JRV
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SIMPLEST CURE FOR IN-
DIGESTION,
As Well as the Safest and Cheapest.
The new medical discovery. Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, digest the food instead
of making the worn out stomach do all
the work, give It a much needed rest, and
a cure of dyspepsia Is the natural result.
You get nourishment and rest at the
*ame time because these Tablets will
thoroughly digest all wholesome food
taken Into the stomach, whether the stom-
nch works or not. A cure is certain to
result because the digestive organs are
given a chance? to rest and recover their
natural vigor and. tone. The Tablets are
then no longer required.
To show the manner in which the rem-
edy acts on different people and how
quickly and effectually It cures stomach
troubles we present a few recent cases.
Mr. J O. Wondly of Pecrla, 111., writes:
I was unable to eat anything but th»
plainest food, and even that often dls-
1 tressed me, but since using one box of
j Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets I can eat any-
thing and everythlnK I want.
Mrs. Samuel Kepple of Glrty, Pa.,
writes: I have been entirely relieved of
my stomach troubles by your Tablets. I
suffered three years with sour stomach
and gas at night. I am thankful for them.
Mrs. A. E. Bowen, Barnard, Vt., writes:
I think Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
best thing for dyspepsia I ever took. 1
will recommend them to any one troubled
as bad as I was.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will not dis-
appoint because they cure dyspepsia sure-
ly and lastingly by causing the food to b«
properly assimilated, and cure const'pa-
tion by producing the proper quantity of
bile, and sold by all druggists at 50 centa
per package.
We Cure the Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
VaricoceU Nervous Debility
Hydrocele . Loss of Memory
Bladder Diseases tVastlngDralna
Kidney Diseases Blood Poison
DR. MEYERS & CO..
Specialists— Established Nearly 20 Teirs.
731 MARKET ST.. S. F.
Purely Tejretable. mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption ascl
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the StomacX
Llvei. Bowels. Kidneys Bladder. F«mal# Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Bi:isw»nes». Con-
Btipatlon. Plica and all derangement* of lb»
Internal -*>»cera. 25c a box. At Druir|rt«ts. °*
ty mall RADWAY & CO.. N'a* TorSuBev. Eugenie St. John, the Brilliant
Temperance "Worker, En Route
to This City.
Rev. Eujrfnie St. John, the noted wo
man temperance evangelist, who lectured
fn this State three years ago under the
eufpices of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union, is expected to arrive in
this city Thursday. She has been en
gaged to address the congregation of the
Kirst Baptist Church.
Mrs. St. John's home Is In Kansas. She
!fc the wife of Rev. Charles H. St. John.
They were married in 186S. and lived in
BloominKton, III. In 1*83 her husband's
h<*aJth failed and she was chosen by the
church to take his place. In 1&87 she
Joined the J.\ethodist church and was or
dained a minister and evangelist of the
Kaiif.as conference. Before this Bhe had
worked as a Hwnwd preacher. She was
elected to attend the GeneraJ Conference,
held at Westminster. Md., In 1S92, and was
the nret lady ministerial delegate seated
in that body.
Mre. St. John's manner ie fascinating.
She Is an eloquent and powerful speaker
Bjid is prwied f-v^rywhere try large audi
ences, iler forceful arguments have won
many to action and to duty.
DISTINGUISHED WOMAN
EVANGELIST IS COMING
CROWDS PASS A QUIET
DAY OUT IN THE OPEN
•Though the weather wa» unusually
pleasant and the crowds at the park and
beach and other pleasure places ¦were un
usually large yesterday,, it may be said
that the pleasure 6ecker« passed the
8a.bath quietly. No accidents or excitine
incidents occurred, the nearest approach
being the arrest of four young men for
fast bicycle riding, all of whom were
subsequently released on ball. Th«
aquatic conu-sts in the lake at the Chutes
and In the big tank at Sutro Baths drew
large crowds to those re-sorts. The results
of the contests at Sutro Baths follow
Fifty-yard desh, juvenile— C. Sundberg
first. E. Bogan second.
Special fifty-yard race won by R. Red
ing.
Tub race — P. Summers first. J. Jones
second. F. Hughes third.
High diving— T. LIde first prize, J.
Sullivan second prize.
Springboard diving-P. Morgan first
prize. G. Vallace second prize.
Underwater ewlmmlng— John Jackson
r.rtt, F. Terry eecond.
FIREMEN TO DECORATE
GRAVES OF THEIR DEAD
Memorial day will be fittingly observed
by the San Francisco firemen under the
auspices of the Veteran Firemen's Asso
ciation. The Exempt Fire Company and
the Sona of Exempts have appointed com
mittees to co-operate with the Veterans
and arrangements are being perfected
rapidly.. Chief Sullivan has notified the
committees that he will be "present and
will assist In paying tribute to the brave
lighters, many of whom lost their lives
while performing their duty.
Th2 firemen's organizations will gather
at the firemen's plat in Laurel* Hill Ceme
tery at the noon hour on Memorial day
and details will be sent to- other ceme
teries. Ex-Judge Robert Ferral will de
liver a phort oration' on "The Heroes of
the Past," and Captain McDonnell, one
of the tirst members of the present de
partment, will tell why Firemen's day
should be perpetuated. Then the graves
of Frederick D. Kohler. the first chief of
the department, F. K. R. "Whitney, and
David -Scannell, his successors, as well as
those of other firemen, will be decorated.
Flowers may be 6ent to the Exempts'
house, where a committee composed of
J. J. Murphy, J. B. Barber and S. Mc-
Donnell will take charge of them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, May -20.— John Ashby,
Tutt, nearly 85 years old and a native of
Virginia, died In this city this morning.
The deceased came to California from
Missouri In 1849. He was the first City
Assessor of Sacramento and the first Con
stable elected after the organization of
Sacramento County. He served as chief
clerk of the State prison from 1869 to 1872.
He was not only a prominent and leading
citizen, but he was a member of the
Grand Lodge of Masons of California and
one of the most Influential members of
the order. He was one of the most active
organizers of the Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia, having been the principal delegate
from Connecticut Lodge No. 75 to the con
vention which organized the Grand Lodge
of California, and was elected deputy
grand master. He presided over the Grand
Lodge at the first annual communica
tion in May, 1S50. at which time he was
chosen grand lecturer. At the second an
nual communication of the Grand Lodge
of California, held on May 6 to 9, 1S51,
inclusive., he was elected most worshipful
grand master of the Masons of CaJlforni?..
which office he filled with honor and
credit to himself as well as to the entire
body of the craft. »
The funeral will probably be held on
Tuesday, but definite arrangements have
not yet been made. As Mr. Tutt was such
a conspicuous Mason his funeral will
probably be held under the auspices of
the Grand Lodge of the State.
JOHN ASHBY TUTT
DIES AT WOODLAND
With His Revolver Holds Two Clerks
at Bay and Escapes With
Much Booty.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., May 20.— A lone
highwayman entered the corridor of the
Coates Hotel at 11:30 o'clock to-night, and
after forcing the strong box of the clgar-
Mand escaped. The box contained dia
monds valued at $1200, $250 in gold coin
and silver and checks to the amount of
$100. He held the night clerk and another
employe of the hotel off at the point of a
revolver and escaped on a horse that he
had tied to the curbing.
Night Clerk Gosset claims that the rob
ber's name in Flshback, and that hd
knows him well.
BOLD HIGHWAYMAN ROBS
A HOTEL STRONG BOX
Much Interest in the Event That Has
Been Arranged for Shell
Mound Park.
Much Interest is being manifested In
the Butchers' day celebration to be held
next Wednesday at Shell Mound Park.
The Oakland track has been engaged, as
well as the park for the racing events.
All the races have been arranged. Much
discussion arose as to entries, but this
has all been adjusted. The steer race will
probably be one of the interesting fea
tures, as an element of uncertainty re
garding the winner surrounds it. The
speediest of steers is likely to take fright
and turn back in the middle of the race,
allowing the common cow, with the snail
walk, to pass under the wire first. The
butchers' horse race, in which each meat
carver will drive his own pony, has also
attracted attention.
Gate prizes are numerous and valuable.
All the butcher shops in San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda will close on the
day of the picnic. The crowd is expected
to be as usual, the largest of the season.
NOVEL RACES AT THE
PICNIC OF BUTCHERS
W. E. Davlson, 117 Fell street, owns a
parrot of which h£ is very fond and
proud. He was amusing himself yester
day morning by talking to his pet, and in
the exuberance of his love he began to
stroke its feathers. "Polly" resented the
familiarity by biting a piece out of Davi
son's hand. He hurried to the Receiving
Hospital, where the wound was cauter
ized.
Bitten by His Parrot.
Several Evenly Contested Matches in
the Tennis Courts of the
California Club.
The California Club tennis courts were
the scene of several exciting matches yes
terday and many spectators had an en
joyable day's sport. Several of the best
players met in an impromptu singles
tournament and exciting rallies were the
order of the day. The event was a
scratch affair, arranged to give a little
tournament experience to the players who
will take part at San Rafael. The
matches consisted of the best two in
three sets.
In the first play George Bradshaw out
played Merle Johnson at all points of the
game and defeated him by a score of 6 — 4,
6—3. Bradshaw made a good showing con
sidering that it was his first appearance
on the courts in some time.
Dr. C. B. Root beat James A. Code by
default and H. \V. Crowell defeated
Harry Haight in the same manner. R. N.
Whitney won from R. B. Cornell in a
close contest by 8—6. 6—4. M. Keuhn lost
to Percy Bailey by &— 0. 6—3.
An evenly contested game was played
by R. M. Erskine and Allan Owen, who
are among the fifth-class players. Ers
kine won by 6—3. 3— «, 6—4.
In the second set Dr. Root defeated
George Bradshaw by 1—6, 6—4, 6—3. This
match ¦was full of exciting rallies and the
result was often greatly in doubt.
R. Whitney defeated W. H. Crowell by
6—2. 7—5, and W\ 13. Collier easilv won
from G. M. Smith by 6—0, 6—4. George
Whitnev, the coast champion, beat Dr.
Paul Jones with a score. of 6—3, 6 — 3. W,
B. Collier beat Percy Bailey by 6—0. 6—4,
though the latter covered the courts in
splendid style.
G. Whitney beat R. Erskine. 6—2. 6—1;
R. N. Whitney beat Dr. Root. 6—1, 6—1.
and George Whitney beat W. B. Collier.
6—2, 6—2.
The final between George and R. Whit
ney will take place next Saturday after
noon.
EXCITING RALLIES IN
SINGLES TOURNAMENT
chanics' Pavilion on June S. General
Shiifter will be accompanied by his staff.
The announcement has stirred the cadets '
to unusual activity. They are determined
to make as brave a showing as possible.
l"ni forms art; being renovated, sabers
burnished, while night after night every
company is perfecting itself in drill.
Never before was there such activity dis
played by the regiment.
The great struggle will be for the
trophy which is awarded annually to the
best drilled company. A try-out will be
held next week to select the four com
panies to enter the contest on the night
of the drill. It is the ambition of every
company "to fjet on the floor." and the
competition for that distinction is at pres
ent keen. Company D of Sacred Heart
parish is determined to retain the trophy
which it holds at present. The company
is instructed by Sr-rg'eant A. J. Grayham.
who trained the buys for their brilliant
victory last year.
Company A of the Cathedral parish ha*
Sergeant Major Hayes of the Third Ar
tillery as instructor. He is also training
::..::. for an exhibition of physical exer
cise, which will be a novel and entertain
ing feature in the regiment.
Sergeant Nichols of the Twenty-first In
fantry is drilling Company E of St.
Jamef' parish. Sergeant Wilkerson of the
Third Artillery performs a similar ser
vice for Company I. Company K is drilled
by Sergeant Marine of the Third Artil
lery; companies L and M by Sergeant
Grant and Holohan of the same battery.
Not only among the cadets but among
their drillmasters is there rivalry. Com
pany G. which holds the Montgomery
trophy. Is training for a saber drill and
Company D for a Kklrmlsh drill. The
movements of the other companies are
kept secret, but there is a general im
rreseion that some of them will prove a
"dark horse."
The band and field music has been thor
oughly reorganized and trained by Lieu
tenant Mat \Vals»on. The hospital corps
Is preparing to take care of the wounded.
The corps will appear at an unexpected
moment to bandage broken limbs and re
move the injured from the field.
Members of the First Regiment,
League of the Cross, Preparing
for Competitive DrilL
Major General William R. Bhafter has
accepted the invitation of Colonel Ed
ward J. Power to review the First Regi
nu-nt, League of the Cross Cadets, at
their _ annual competitive drill in Me-
GENERAL W. R. SHAFTER
WILL REVIEW CADETS
Territorial Bill Will Prevent Many
Steamers From Trading With
the Islands.
HONOLULU, May 12.— For a time the
steamer freight and passenger service be
tween the islands and the coast will be
less convenient than it has been.. The
steamships flying foreign flags will not
carry freight or passengers between here
and the coast after June 14.
Hi Hackfeld &. Co. have already given
notice of this in respect to the steamers
of foreign registry for which they are
agents. The Hongkong Maru, due here
May 29 for the coast, will be the last of
the Toyo Kisen Kaisha line to carry
freight or passengers between here and
the coast, and the Doric, due for the coast
June 12, the last of the Occidental and
Oriental line of steamers to do so.
The Moana, sailing in connection with
the Oceanic Steamship Company's steam
ers, is in exactly the same situation. She
has foreign registry, flies a foreign flag
and therefore cannot carry freight or pas
sengers between here and the coast.
The regular mail steamers which will
be cut out of the freight and passenger
service between here and the coast by the
Territorial bill are the Moana, Doric, Cop
tic and Gaelic of the Occidental an*!
Oriental line, and the America Maru and
the Nippon Maru of the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha line.
The Pacific Mall steamers all have
American registry. So, also, have the
Australia, Alameda and Mariposa of the
Oceanic line. The Canadian-Australian
line is not affected, as their steamers go
to Victoria and Vancouver, and not to
American ports.
The inconvenience will not last for long.
The Oceanic Steamship Company is build
ing some tine new American steamers to
put in the Hawaiian trade, and so is the
Pacinc Mail. Some of these new steam
ers are expected to be in commission by
the first of next year.
SHORTAGE OF VESSELS
TO HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
The little schooner Prosper is the latest
addition to the Nome fleet. She has been
purchased from the Alaska Exploration
Company by a party of eight young men,
afthe head of which is "Joe" Freese, son
of Captain A. C. Freese. With him are
Captain John F. Helander, W. N. Letcher
and Alex Muns. Captain Helander will
go in command of the Prosper. He was
formerly master of the whaling bark
Hunter and - knows the Alaskan coast
thoroughly. He was to have taken the
barkentine Ruth north, but has relin-
The Rush to Nome.
The Peking brings the news that the
transport Warren, which left here May 1,
arrived in Honolulu a week later, and,
after remaining in port three days, sailed
again for Manila. The German ship
Marie, on which 70 per cent reinsurance
was paid, arrived in Honolulu May 6. She
was only seventy-six days out from New
castle, N. S. W.; but, as three vessels
which carried the same class of coal as
she did, had been on fire, the underwriters
got scared and began reinsuring.
Down in Honolulu the merchants and
the traveling public are wondering what
they will do as soon as Hawaii becomes
an integral part of the United States.
The agents of the Occidental and Orien
tal and the Toyo Kisen Kaisha companies
have notilied the public that their steam
ers—the Coptic, Doric and Gaelic, and the
America Maru, Hongkong Maru and Nip
pon Mam— will not carry freight or pas
sengers from the islands to San Fran
cisco, but will call as usual. The steam
ers of the Australian-Canadian line, which
run between Sydney, N. S. W., and Van
couver, B. C, will continue doing busi
ness at Honolulu as usual, but the chances
are that the Moana, a British ship of the
Oceanic line, will not be allowed to bring
any passengers on her June trip from
Hawaii. With the advent of the new
steamers now nearlng completion for the
Oceanic company the people of Hawaii
will be given a service that will make up
for the loss of the Ocidental and Oriental
and the Toyo Kisen Kaisha boats.
W. H Rush, E. G. Walker, M. Walsan, Adi
Plesalsde Richelieu, Mrs. Coldren and 2 chil
dren C* Klinch and son, John Carroll, wife and
3 children, Mrs. Fels and 2 children, W. R.
Ca&tle and wife. Mrs. J. P. Murray, P. C.
Jones and wife, Lieutenant Commander Beat
ty. S. F. Cohn, Miss Irene Lee, M. B. Godriz.
Marquis A. Ferrere, E. Harbaroux, M. . Sa
llnaz, J. A. Magee, Miss E. H-alstead, Miss M.
Castle, \V L. Uriere and 2 daughters, C. W.
Waters, L. Schneitzer, F. E. Richardson. Mas
ter Ahlbom, E F. Wood, wife and 1 child. G.
G. Sperry, wife and son. A. F. Clark, B. Hal
tenstein and wife, J. Clark. William Church
ill, Miss A. Etiders, Miss R- Nettleton. H. P.
Williams Mrs. R. V. bullivan, R. D. Sullivan.
Those who came up in the cabin were
The mail steamer City of Peking arrived
yesterday from the Orient and was at
once placed in quarantine. She brought
up 76 cabin passengers, 3 second cabin pas
sengers, 4G0 Chinese and 21 Japanese.
Occidental and Oriental and Toyo
Kisen Kaisha's Steamers Will
Not Carry Island Passen
gers After June 15.
Mail Steamer City of Peking
Arrives From the
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 20.
The fruit growers of Alameda County
are determined in their new move toward
an org.'inizaiion that will destroy the
monopoly of the cannery trust. They are
enthusiastic over their meeting of last
evening, and they have every tight to
be, for the meeting was a success.
Meetings of this nature generally drag,
but there was nothing siow about that of
last night. The growers who gathered
there kiitw jubt what they warned, and
Keitltrd right down to work.. They knew
that they nad either to face low prices or
to organize, and they did not Hesitate.
There were speeches in plenty, and they
»Ht ail to some point. There was no
scattering of ideas, and every move that
va>» made was with a. purpose, beginning
with iht permanent organization and end
ing TVith the very' practical plan of secur
ing contracts upon the fruit in Alameda
County, and then farcing the canneries to
come to terms.
The growers will have to work fast
with this plan, for the warm weather is
ripening fruit very rapidly, and fruit can
not be stored Indefinitely, as the wine
men have done with their products. But
the canners must have fruit if they are
poing to make any profits this year, and
if the growers can corner the market
among themselves it will force the ean
iR-rs to a considerable extent, though the
perishable quality of the produce will al
ways mitigate against the growers.
The more active members of the com
mittees which are to secure the contracts
upon the fruit beeran work to-day. Nearly
every man who has up to the present time
taken any part in the two meetings that
have ben h«-M has agreed to turn his
fruit over to the organization, to be han
dled for the benefit of all concerned. The
committees are now working with those
who were not present last r.ipht. and are
meetlne with considerable success.
The indications are that the required 75
per cent of the fruit will be signed for,
end that the canners will be compelled to
better their terms. Cherries constitute
one of the most staple canned fruit pro
ducts, and a? Alameda County practically
control! the cherry market of the State
th«-r<> is h')pe Jn the hearts of the growers.
The feeling among the growers is unan
imously in favor of erecting an opposition
cannery, and although it is now too late
to carry this project out in time to han
dle this season's crop, step? in that di
rection will undoubtedly be taken as soon
as the more pressing need of disposing of
this season's output is completed.
Proposition to Build an Independent
Cannery to Compete With Com
bine Meets With Unani
mous Approval.
Exhibit No Hesitation When
The Time for Action
Arrives.
FRUIT-GROWERS
SHOW THAT THEY
MEAN BUSINESS
ALL THE BLOWS IN THE
CORBETT-JEFFRIES FIGHT
v The showing made by James J. Corbett In his recent ring battle with Cham
pion Jeffries surprised the sportine fraternity so much that the comment has
not subsided. That Corbett completely outclassed Jeffries Is shown by the ac
companying table, compiled for the New York Herald. The blows were re
corded by an expert, and according to count Corbett landed 404 blows to 140 for
Jeffries. The table contains at least one inaccuracy — that in which Corbett is
credited with two knockdowns. Those were delivered by Jeffries. Had Cor
bett evaded the knockout blow Referee White could hardly have done otherwise
than declared him the victor. The table follows:
KINGSTON, Jamaica. May 2O.-Advices
from Colombia to-day by the Royal Mail
steamer Trent say that the rebels are
operating around Panama, .which is full
t of troops, some of whom are quartered in
u»e churches. An engagement took place
on May 16 north of Panama, the rebels
belns driven off. Carthagena is still in
possession of the Government.
The Trent was to have conveyed a body
of troops to Cari.iagena, but the rebels
destroyed the bridges on the night of May
13, thus preventing the troops arriving for
embarkation. On the same night a des
perate engagement took place outside of
Carthagena, in which the Government
troops were victorious. , As many as 500
rebels are saiv. to nave been killed in the
fighting. The country is in a bad state
and paper dollars bring only 5 cents each
in coin. !
Hamilton's March Unopposed.
LONDON. May 21.— A dispatch from
Hitsook, four miles north of Kroonstad.
dated Saturday and sent by way of
Kroonstad. says that General Hamilton,
with the Seventh Division, is marching
eastward without opposition.
in Coin.
Republic in a Bad Financial Condi
tion, Paper Dollars Worth
But Five Cents Eacn .'
Government Troops Victori
ous in a Battle Near
Carthagena.
FIVE HUNDRED
REBELS SLAIN
IN COLOMBIA
- PHILADELPHIA. May 20.— Professor
Roy Wilson White. 2S years old, an in
structor in the law department of the
University of Pennsylvania, was struck;
down and brutally murdered late last
nisrht. He left the university at 10 o'clock
to" board a train for Gcrmantown, a su
burb. Shortly before 11 o'clock he was
found in an unfrequented part of the city.
His skull had been crushed evidently by
an Iron bar. He died in the hospital th:a
morning without regaining consciousness.
It Is not known that robbery was th>>
motive, as the only article missing waa
the professor's watch. Three men. two
of them negroes, have been arrested on
suspicion.
Professor White was a graduate of Earl
ham College, Richmond, Ind.
MYSTERIOUS MURDER
OF UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR
BROTHERS MEET AFTER
. YEARS OF SEPARATION
CHICAGO. May a.— Believing each oth
er dead, Cornelius Garson of San Fran
cisco and Isaac L. Garson of Chicago met
by chance at the Northwestern station
yesterday. Twenty-six years ago Corne
lius Garson left Chicago for the West and
went to Honolulu^ where he found his
knowledge of building and contracting in
great demand. Aft^r several years he re
turned to San Francisco and engaged in
business. In the meantime he had heard
nothing from his brother Isaac and be
lieved him dead.
Mr. and Mrs. Carson arrived in Chicago
yesterday en route to Paris. They were
walking on the platform at the station
when the appearance of a man standing
beside the gate attracted the attention of
Mr. Garson. He walked over to the man
and asked:
"Is your name Garson."
The man replied that it was.
"Don't you know me?" asked the first
speaker. "I'm Cornelius, your brother."
The recognition was complete and the
men threw their arms around each other
and wept for joy.
Isaac Garson had planned to go to a
suburban town, but the visit was post
poned and the long-separated brothers
and Mrs. Garson went at once to the ho
tel of the Chicago man, where an Im
promptu family reunion was at once or
ganized.
Additional Shipping News on Page 9.
The gasoline schooner Anita also put
back. She left here for Nome on the 13th
inst.. but lost her foresail and jibs up the
coast in a northwester.
Water Front Notes.
The steamer National City started for
Fort Bragg yesterday with the schooner
Bendel in tow. When ten miles northwest
of Point Bonita the hawser parted twice,
so the steamer and her tow came back to
port. There was quite a sea on outside,
and it was blowing strong from the north
west at the time.
qulshed his command In order to cast his
lot with the sold hunters.
The owners of the Prosper intend tak
ing up a full supply. of provisions and
enough coal to ballast the ship. On ar
riving at Nome the coal and' provisions
will be landed and the "vessel -will so Into
the passenger trade between Nome and
York while the gold-hunters are prospect
ing. The Prosper is as stout a little craft
as there is in the Bay of San Francisco.
She has been to the Gallapajos, off the
coast of South America, alter seal, to the
Gulf of California after egret plumes,
along the coast after sea otter, into Ber
ing Sea on a trading cruise, and now she
goes to the north after gold.
Of the other vessels of the fleet the
Alaska Exploration Company's chartered
steamer Zealandia will get away at 3 p.
m. to-day: the Sequoia will sail to-mor
row; the Charles' D. Lane on Thursday,
and the Valencia. St. Paul and Noyo on
Saturday. More than 2300 gold-hunters will
leave for Nome during the week, the first
installment of 750 leaving to-day on the
Zealandia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 21, 1900.
7
a J
B
; NAMES.
1 — Jeffries
Corbett
2— Jeffries
Corbett
3— Jeffries
Corbett
4— Jeffrie?
Corbett
5— Jeffries
Corbett •*--
2 2 S 1 !T
£.£.'*'*
»f $% 05 *-t
z z * &
» - s
f I I I
8 3 .. 3
2 .. .. 3
9 9
.... 5 7
10 .. 13 3
6 .. 3' 8
12 .. 6 3
8 4 15
6 3 11 5
i
»3
u
p
m
2
4
4
*6
O
i
¦
2
3
'5
2
¦K
zr
M
5"
91
I s t 1 1
lit r
: % ? g a
: £ 2 : - &
? £ •
: : a : '•
1 5
1 14
l 4
21
1 6
1 12
1 5
2 .. •• •• ' I 9
".. 7
1 23
_ 1 .1.1 •
7 12 12 j 8
20 ! 7 12 8
5
1 .. .. 5
1 1 .... 20
S .. 15 k 14 1
27 4 20 I S I
i
5
1 .. .. .. 6
1 .. .. 32
. I i
I
S-Jeffries
Corbett
<< — Jeffries
Corbett
10— Jeffrie.*
Corbett
11— Jeff rles
Corbett
12— Jeffries
Corbett
13— Jeff ries
Corbett j
5 8 ..
SO 3 10
9 .. 11
25 • 5 20 • .
10 1
17 S IS
10
16 8 10
5 .. 10
7 4 22
2 .. 13
S .. 16
I
12
\ *5
'7
'8
*4
i
*
2 3
2 .. 2 .. 37
IS.... 5
14 3.. 40
3
.. I 1 .. 21
4
.. 25
.. , 2
.. 26
5
.. . 3 .. .. 21
2 .. 16 t ..
6 3 21 I ..
2 .. .. .. i
1 19
15 — Jeffries
Corbett
-
3 .. IS
6 2 22
I I
i
1 ¦ .. . 7
2 .. J .. .. 31
..
I
16— Jeffries
Corbett
2 .. 10
9 1 16
'3
"2
1 .. .. I .. I 7
2 .. 1 j .. 20
17— Jeffries
Corbett
2 .. 11
5 3 3..
8
1
5
1
15 3.. t
112.. 7
IS— Jeffries
Ccrbett
19 — Jeffries
Corbett
JO— Jeffries
Corbett
H — Jeffries
Corbett
22 — Jeffries
Corbett
23— Jeff ries
Corbett
6 3 15
2 9
7 1 17 7
4 2 6 4
6 2 7 S
2 3 5 5
2 4 12 14
3 2 3 1
7 3 10
2 18..
•; 3 6
"l
3
4
2
1
1
'i
1
!
9
3
6
1
11
4
1
2
15
2
3
.. .... 8
1 .... 6
3 .. 11
1 .... 1
3 .. 12
S
3 7
2 .. 1 4
11
1 3
" i v :: -i •
f
1
Total e— Jeff ries
Totals— Corbett
109 17 214 i 88
237 62 235 I 40
i I
6
42
17
45
43
15
12 8 12 .. 140
20 11 11 2 404
a J
B
; NAMES.
1 — Jeffries
Corbett
2— Jeffries
Corbett
3— Jeffries
Corbett
4— Jeffrie?
Corbett
5— Jeffries
Corbett •*--
2 2 S 1 !T
£.£.'*'*
»f $% 05 *-t
z z * &
» - s
f I I I
8 3 .. 3
2 .. .. 3
9 9
.... 5 7
10 .. 13 3
6 .. 3' 8
12 .. 6 3
8 4 15
6 3 11 5
i
»3
u
p
m
2
4
4
*6
O
i
¦
2
3
'5
2
¦K
zr
M
5"
91
I s t 1 1
lit r
: % ? g a
: £ 2 : - &
? £ •
: : a : '•
1 5
1 14
l 4
21
1 6
1 12
1 5
2 .. •• •• ' I 9
".. 7
1 23
_ 1 .1.1 •
7 12 12 j 8
20 ! 7 12 8
5
1 .. .. 5
1 1 .... 20
S .. 15 k 14 1
27 4 20 I S I
i
5
1 .. .. .. 6
1 .. .. 32
. I i
I
S-Jeffries
Corbett
<< — Jeffries
Corbett
10— Jeffrie.*
Corbett
11— Jeff rles
Corbett
12— Jeffries
Corbett
13— Jeff ries
Corbett j
5 8 ..
SO 3 10
9 .. 11
25 • 5 20 • .
10 1
17 S IS
10
16 8 10
5 .. 10
7 4 22
2 .. 13
S .. 16
I
12
\ *5
'7
'8
*4
i
*
2 3
2 .. 2 .. 37
IS.... 5
14 3.. 40
3
.. I 1 .. 21
4
.. 25
.. , 2
.. 26
5
.. . 3 .. .. 21
2 .. 16 t ..
6 3 21 I ..
2 .. .. .. i
1 19
15 — Jeffries
Corbett
-
3 .. IS
6 2 22
I I
i
1 ¦ .. . 7
2 .. J .. .. 31
..
I
16— Jeffries
Corbett
2 .. 10
9 1 16
'3
"2
1 .. .. I .. I 7
2 .. 1 j .. 20
17— Jeffries
Corbett
2 .. 11
5 3 3..
8
1
5
1
15 3.. t
112.. 7
IS— Jeffries
Ccrbett
19 — Jeffries
Corbett
JO— Jeffries
Corbett
H — Jeffries
Corbett
22 — Jeffries
Corbett
23— Jeff ries
Corbett
6 3 15
2 9
7 1 17 7
4 2 6 4
6 2 7 S
2 3 5 5
2 4 12 14
3 2 3 1
7 3 10
2 18..
•; 3 6
"l
3
4
2
1
1
'i
1
!
9
3
6
1
11
4
1
2
15
2
3
.. .... 8
1 .... 6
3 .. 11
1 .... 1
3 .. 12
S
3 7
2 .. 1 4
11
1 3
" i v :: -i •
f
1
Total e— Jeff ries
Totals— Corbett
109 17 214 i 88
237 62 235 I 40
i I
6
42
17
45
43
15
12 8 12 .. 140
20 11 11 2 404
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR QOLD DREDOINQ PUMPS
i/nAf>M Wer« successful at Nome last
t\l\UOn y«ar. All ethers failed. In opera.
tion daily. 9 Stevenson st.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In operation dally, 625 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DREDGING PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Nome.
are you? Better buy one; just the pump for
gravel: has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
OARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma.
DWEDGINQ PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline, Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Englnes&Boilers. HendyMach.Wks., 40 Fremont.
5 ARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. SIMONDS, 33 Market st.
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, g**, Kasollne; full line; mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 20 Fremont.
OOI-n SEPARATO'J.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 229 FoUorn
st. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
SLUICE BOXRS.
Klondike champion sluice saves gold: competi-
tion Invited. 1798 15th st., corner Guerrero.
PLATES rOT? SAVINQ OOLn.
Schaezletn & Burrldge, 3 Hardle place, off
Kearny. between 8utter and Bush streets.
SILVER-PLATED AMALGAM PLATFS.
F. W, BELL, Central Plating "Works, 852 Mis-
sion st, S. F. Phone Jessie S01.
tanks! ~~~
TANKS— Paclfle Tank Co., manufacturers 25
' Beale St.. S. F. ; 848 E. 2<i st., Los Angeles.
Tfi*TS. "
TENTS. Tents. Tents,' Awnings and Covers
F. THOMS. 1139 Mission gt. Phone Howard 933.
PORTABLE » OUSBS.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO., "Washington
and 1st sts., Oakland, or Builders' Ex., 8. F.
GROCERIES.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO.. 621 Montgomery.
MEDICINE CASES.
FEBRY DRUGCO 9 ££*•«;•¦
LIQUORS-
WHKlf Y BLATZ BEER. Bethesda Water.
TT UlJh I CAHEN & SON. 418 Sacramento at.
WHISKY.
HFTNTFI? P7F christt &.wisb commii-
UUiUCtl HlC- Blon c^ 327-329 Sansome •*.
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
ST/VTETVYEINT STATEMENT
OF THE OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON- |~| F SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OF
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December, " Massachusetts, on the 31st day of December
A. D. 1899. and for the year ending on that A. D. 1899. and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the Code, condensed as per blank furnished by tha
Commissioner. . Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
CAPITAL. Amount of Capital Stock, paid np in
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op In Cash ..; H.SOO.OOO oo
<**» » 1 - 000 - 000 °° ASSETS. ==
¦; Real Estate owned by Company.... |126.400 00
ASSETS. Loans on Bond and Mortgage 647,800 00
Real Estate owned t, r Company flff.m « C^.'2 r e^ a & e^ I S l S^.^ ,«,« 00
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 736, M0 00 Amount of Loans secured by pledge
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
Bonds owned by Company.... Z.907.863 00 ab J e securities as collateral 39.525 00
Cash in Banks..... 231.616 16 £"£ n Company's Office 17,513 41
rremlumsindueCourseofCol.ee- SSSffl^SsSg^ffi ?£g£
tion 438.477 IS Stocks and Loans SO, 998 09
.. „.,. «.„ «. Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Total Assets ,<4,641,316 83 and Mortgages • 16 135 63
— Premiums in due Course of Collec-
LIABILITIES. Bills" receivable",' not' Matured" taken M '" 4 M
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $80.81198 'or Fire and Marine Risks, rents
Losses in proces. of Adjustment or Du^ f^ for"re: • • <M "
In Suspense m.ws is insurance on losses already paid... 3,643 50
Losses resisted. Including: expenses.. 15.S3O 63 __ _^__
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Total Assets $4.906,939 Qg
ninjf one year or less. $1,575,753 10; tatitt'ttttt<s '
re-insurance BO per cent....... 787.87* 56 , ... LIABILITIES.
<~ r,—,o«,,™« Xn TTir» Ri.ir, ™ n . Losses Adjusted and unpaid $33,307 0J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 'Losses In process of Adjustment or
ning more than one year, $1,936,- In Suspense 129,335 39
482 93; re-Insurance pro rata 996,29147 Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 9.80112
All other demands against the Com- • Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
__„,, 177 in* is nins one year or less. $1,235,272 22;
***? m.tJt i» re-insurance SO per cent 617.636 11
Total Liabilities V.m.MJ* Groj« p^emjums^ Fire^ R.sks^run-
773 62; re-insurance pro rata S58.94S 16
INCOME i Commissions and Brokerage due and
." _, to become due 72,oDS 92
Net Cash actually received for Fire .
premiums - - $3,179.156 98 Total Liabilities <1.721.846 72
Received for Interest on Bonds and INCOME ~
Rfcelved^or'VnVeVest'and'dVvVd^nas 4 °' 6S ° 88 N £ t PP C "^ a aCtUally recelve ? for FIre J1 •„. .„ . .
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from R?£™ed for VniereVt ' on •Bonds and "• 69 " 182 "
ail other sources 142,118 61 Mortgages 39,341 53
Received for Rents 912 11 Received for Interest and dividends
Profit on sale of Real Estate......... 1,400 00 on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
, _i . all other sources 142,145 31
Total Income $2.369.2S6 58 Received for Rents 4,597 71
Total Income S1.S78.S66 63
Wife- EXPENDITURES. EXPENDITURES '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses On- ammint fm Fire
eluding $.175,061 22. losses of prevl- cludlnK $173,961 44, losses of previ-
ous years) $1,336,497 43 ous years) $1,066,240 41
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00 Dividends to Stockholders 150.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage «».«5 04 Brokerage 300.266 64
Paid for Salaries, fees and other Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 190,134 28 charses for officers, clerks, etc.. 110.105 15
Paid for State, National and local Paid for State. National and local
taxes 83,036 49 taxes 83.354 72
All other payments and expendl- - All other payments and expendi-
tures •••• • 209,383 65 tures '. 216,313 32
Total Expenditures $2.368.546 89 Total Expenditures ..$1.926.283 24
Losses Incurred during: the year ..$1,374,823 97 Losses Incurred durlnfr the year. ...'.$1,069,129 82
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks u et amount of Risks
written during the ¦- . written during the
year •-•- $288,694,936 $2,797,574 16 year ....'. •- $211,784,528 $2,192.207 88
Net amount of Risks _; Net amount of Risks
expired during the - expired during the
year. 252,220,269 2,618,64901 year 1S6.960.515 2,034,322 12
Net amount In force Net amount- in force
December 31. 1S99 341,874.125 3.512.236 03 -. December 31. 1599 2S2.06S.341 2.S67.045 84
~" JAMES NICHOLS, President. ~~ A. W. DAMOX. President.' .
: B. R.STILLMAN. Secretary. . S J. HALL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this ' Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
23d day of January. 1S00. 26th day of January. 1900.
FRED R SEYMOUR, Notary Public. . v P. S. BAILEY. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
409 CALI FORN I A STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. 1A7. DORNIIN,
Alana|£er. ' Assistant manager.
CITY (S. F.) DEPARTMENT:
H.C. AHPEL & CO., Agents,
215 SANSOME STREET.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dlsnatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons Ijurt3**n)
W. WARREN. Master.
B D D V «i *3pj? Q W Q BBS
Via Seattle, on or shout
•v. MAY 23, 1900.
The paeseni;ers' accommodations have been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. Any person con-
nected wrth Mr. I^ine and coins north In his
employ will call at once room «. 22 Market
et., and Inquire cMut passage and freight.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prcmnt lindlns; at their
destination.
For passage, freight, cold storar* or Informa-
tion apDly at once to
J. J. HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Rm. 6.
Or to Parser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
ffel Valencia
'1/ "* ><^'*-\ FOR
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE MAY 31
SECONE) TRIP
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS L1OHTERACE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
30 California St., S. F. *
318 1st Ave. South, Seattle. *
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Hrannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dta, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnc-
SS. AMERICA MARU
n Saturday. May 19th. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU.
Thursday. June 14th. 19<V)
SS. NIPPON MAUU..... Tuesday. July 10th. 13C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Far
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
NOME !
SCHOONER JULIA E. WHALEN,
(At Howard 3>.
WILL SAIL ABOUT MAT 23.
For freight and passage apply on board or
I California gt.. or at mill. 61S Third it
OCEANIC 8.9. CO.— HOXOttIX.U, ATIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
6. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).....
<;........... ..Wednesday. May 30, 1900, 2 p. m.
B. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia... .Wed., June 13. 8 p. m.
(. It. acnith t ua a a.kUa. Cu., n4 > u .. . -. munuioaifci)
Piir 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market SL
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
*^^ wharf, San Francisco:
vCTfcig^ For Alaskaa ports — 11 a. ra.,
lt£*S.r<TSk May 21. 26, 31. June 5. Chang*
1,'fiiJ^JS^tS, to company's steamers at
B»FS5s23 H4i or Varx-ourpr 'B.
Kai'SjrW? A 1 '"•>. rr>rt Townsentf, S*>it::*.
Td'-cfa. Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
™ 11 a. m.. May 21. 28. 31. Jun»
8. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company' a nteamrn for Alaska
and O. >T. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. ra.. May
13. 13. IS, June 2. and every fltth day there-
after.
For Santa Crux, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obiapo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. May 19. 23. 27. 21. June 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Lui» Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Ansreles and Rrtondo (Los Anueles)— U a.
m.. May 17. 21. 25, 29, June 2, aad every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maffdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. I.a Pax. Santa RnaaMa.
and Ouaymaa (Mexico) — 10 a. m,. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company'*
folders.
The company reserves the rlpht to chanr*
steamers, callinR d-it-i and hours of satllna;
without previous notice.
TICKRT OKF»CE-4 Mew MontRomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & «. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
C»nr $12 First Class Including Berth
rMnr. S8 Second Class and Meats.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS ..i ;
May 23. June J
COLUMBIA SAILS May IS. 2S, Jim* 1
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Asrent.
(30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKIN3 & CO.,
Superintendent*.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL. DISPATCH FTIOM SAN FHANC1SCO
DIRECT FOR
isTOIMIE
The) Well-Known "Alaska Flyer" and Moat
Popular Boat In the Alaska. Service.
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
Positively Sailing
WEDNESDAY MAT 30th
From Steuart-street Wharf at I f. ra.
V. «. Z*-"4VANr>!\
(Passengers Please Take Note.) Sails from
PACIFIC-ST. DOCK. PIER 7,
MONDAY. MAY 21st at 3 p. m. SHARP
Parcpl Exnress to all points. For
freight and passenger rates apply office
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO. , 139 Post Si.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YOBS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASI3L
Stopping at Cherbours. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
St. Louis May23[Pt. Louis June- 13
Sew York May JO New York ...June 20
St. Paul June «! St. Paul Jun« 27
RED STAr^ LINE.
New Yorl( and" Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westemland ...May 2J| Frlesland June 13
Kenstnuton May JO Southwark June S»
Noordland ...... June S! Westernland ...June??
tMPlf<i LlNt.
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome, St. Michael and Yukon River
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rataa
and other information api>ly to
EilPIKF. TRANSPORTATION CO.,
30 Montgomery Street.
C0XPAONIS CENEEALE TRANS ATLi»TI3C3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^xa^-
Sallies every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November I 1S39. at •&****?*
19 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot o!
Morton «t. L'AQUITAINE. May 24: LA TOC-
RAINE. May 21. LA BRETAGNE. June 7: LA
LORRAINE. June 14. ' First class to Havre.
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second claas to Havre. 145; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AC1ENCY
FOR UNITED 8TATE3 AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FtTOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY ANr RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MontlceUo."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; *:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); rri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m Lan.lln* and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No S. Telephone Main loOS.
FARE »•
Bn ihe GoBiSiseStSs
Jsssitj^ 1^^^^^^ is as necessary as a pick.
#8^W^§^ No mlner should be without
hiS^d^^^r^ one. Unaffected by extreme
/^^^^^^^ c °ld or heat.
Winchester Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
Sj^^f^^S name and address on a postal card for
m! W^V^m 1 60-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
tyyf//« Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
$*®£/y*ff\ NEW HAVEN, CONN.
?vk v*l Jl \ v *j 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 21, 1900.
8
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BfSIXESS OFFICE of The San F— L»ciseo
Call, com »r of Market and Third streets, open
cnt!l 12 o'clock even' night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— r."7 Montgomery itreet,
corner Clay; open until J:30 pi m.
8"0 Hayes ftre^t; open until 9:30 p. ca.
C39 MeABlatcr street: open until 8:30 p. m.
615 I~rkin street; open ur.tll 8:30 p. m.
1941 MlFsion street; open until 10 p. m.
rsei Market Ftreet, comer Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
iOf: Eleventh street: «>r>en until 9 p. m.
1CW6 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 8 p. m. •
MI2ISTUVG .\OTICCS.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, .=.
K. T.. Go'.den Gate building. 625 Sut- *fa_*
l«- »t.— Htated assembly THIS EVEN- IF|
ING at S oVlock. All fraters are cour- *9
teously invited.
ROBERT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal .--Wk-
Arr-h Masons, meets THIS EVENING. It/T
Musln*»s only. * "
OCCIDENTAL Lodee No. 22. F. and A. fl
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at 7 -Jf\-
o' clerk. Second degree. Uy order cf ~j_2\
tie W M. /~T>
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING^~ioLOMbN'S Lodge No. 260. F. j_
and A. M.. 1S3» Fillmo— 1 St.. between .
i:>h and Butter— TJ-!rd degree THIS if jt
EVENING at 7:S» o'clock. /~sF>
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
THE Caledonian Club will bold Us . ty
thirty-fourth &nnual gathering and ?t, Q> yj
earners at Shell Moucd Park on "_*^tii*-
WEDNESDAY, Hay SO. The beet
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
fcr prizes. Over IZ'.~." will be distributed.
Full bends fcr pavilion dancing up to t
p. m. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
dancing. Over forty events on programme:
get one. A Hlghlar.d welcome with a full
day of pleasure to all. Buy round trip ferry
tickets lor Shell Mound Park. Admission to
grounds, adults, 50c; children. 25c,
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders cf the Olympic Salt
V. atT Company will be held at 327 Market
et.. San Francisco. California, on MONDAY,
the ISth day of May, 1X0, at the hour of 3 p.
m.. for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
ecine before the meeting. Transfer books will
clc-e en FriSay. May V. 1909. at 2 o'clock
p. m. CHAR. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The reeular annual meeting
of the etockliolrlers of the Independent EleC-
trlrk Light and Power Company will be held
at the office of the ccmsany. 327 Market St..
Pan Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Sth
«Jay of May. A. D. 1S00. at the hour of 11
oVlor-k s. m.. far the purpose of electing a
board of directors to eerve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting; trans-
fer bocks will close on Friday. May 25, ISOO,
at S o'clock p. m.
J. M. TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGHNTS— flO per day selling our novelty ma-
chine: on arrllcation ¦will send cut and
price*. ThDir.as Foote Co., Los Angeles, Ca:.
AGENT, rran or iv;rran. to handle new book;
ralary aha commission. Apply €11 Montgomry.
ASTROLOGY.
ll'.OF. A. 1IASERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
oglrt nr.d ra'-mlst in the world; catlsfactlon
iruarnnteei'. 15 Powell et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
nn fee without su^ces*; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, aity. at law. EM Market, cor. Stockton.
R. W. KINO. S27 Market et.. room 627; all
ease*; no advance charpes; call or write.
APVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. Kl Market Ft., opp. Mason, j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bMg.. 527 Mar- j
ket rt. : consultation free: no fees in advance. 1
HVTII CAOOiET — HOT Alii. VAPOR, j
ROBINSON fj 4-pan»l folding; door opens; firm
ar.d ?ar>. W. S. BROWN, en. agt.. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN' HJsJO.ES.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION
CAPITAL STOCK, $2C,000.
A thoroughly reliable and responsible com-
pany, with more imported and high-class ar.l-
I3i&.:s tJ*:&.n any ether company or individual
In America. I
WANTAGE FOX (Score 9e); fee $50 00.
Mrs. A. M. Bush, cffltfal ecorer. eays he Is
the most ;iprfe<-t buck she ever scored.
CHAMPION DUKE OF CHESHIRE; fee J50.
Knelaj:<3"6 latest champion and winner of 11
f.rft iirjzes end sold medal.
We are new receiving a larg" number of an-
imals direct from Er.gland. Watch for our ad-
vertisement of them.
Remember, we truarantee all animals and
pedigrees to »-e Just ac we represent them, or
money refunded.
GEORGE A. TOUXG. Manager.
Webeter-Btrt -et Station,
Narrow -gauge R. R., Alameda, Cal.
BELGIAN hare* Just arrived, branch El Dorado
Ralfbitry, Kivermide. Cal.; for few days only
«•.:: offer our stock of fine hares, consisting of
Bir Styles. Banbury. Lord Britain. Yukon and
others" at from 15 to 25 per cest discount; does,
bred, $5 up; 6 British Pcverelpn does, ?10 each;
does with litter, $15; Lord Edlnboro doe, 5V4
months, score S5. reasonable; young. $1 60 up;
remember these prices hold good only for Tew
day* till we are j»ermanently located. 27 Vi-
l*ncla Et., near Market.
AT THE HEAD OF OUR STUD,
Imported FASHODA KINO, by Champion
Fa»-hoda, out of doe by Pride of York.
Ohoiee p*dlereed does. Just received, at re»-
6or»t.ble rates.
Our rpeclalty. rabbltry — ipplles of all kinds;
nurse does rented. Golden Gate Belgian Hare
Oo., COS-Cll Golden Gate are.; tel. Bouth 63L
Open Sundays and evenings.
IH.\ BARKER UALZIEL. Prop.
IMPORTANT. ~
Mre^A. M. Bush, official ecorer, will score
hsi<i at the salesroom of the California Bel-
F:an Hare Association in Alameda on Monday.
May 21. This will positively be her last day In
<~-*k!and cr Alameda.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian does. bre<i to Royal
Sovereign. $10 to $20; to Emperor of Norfolk.
$20 to $30; to AJax (highest-scoring buck In
America), $30 to $50; youngsters, ail strains. 6 I
wekf. $1 50: 10 weeks. $3 50; 3 months, ti and
J7 SO. Kenwood Rabbitry. ESO 14th St.. Oakland.
BOSS Rabbltry, IS15 Howe «<t., Oakland— Thor-
oughbreil Belgian hares; breeding does; youtig-
Fters for rale from the following strains: Yu- 1
ken. Lord Rochdale. Klondike Nugget end
Red Sovereirn; British King at service. Vis-
itors welcome: take Mountain View cars.
CL.ARKMONT Be'.fisn Hare Association— Does
bred to Fasheda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
$10 to j:0; best Etrain youngsters, 12 to $15.
<r'16 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
LOKD K ashoda Chief. Imported March. 1900;
score. JO'j; fee, $15: breeding does and does
with litters. EUBggA RABBITRY. 1616 Turk.
TREMONT Belgian Hare Co.. 2134 Fillmore St..
Ban Frar.cisco. Ca!.— Send 6 cents In etamps
for book on care and feeding.
BICYCLES— -For Sale or Exchange.
NEW Cleveland bicycles; better than ever; $49.
LEAVITT & BILL. «0» Larkln Bt.
GREAT ba— raJns in second-hand bicycles; from
$5 up; send for ll«. LEAVITT & BILL, *X>9
Larkln Ft.. Ean Francisco.
RAMBLER tandem; In good condition; new
tires; will tell cheap. 121 Powell et.
BOARDKG KOIt CHILDREN.
WIDOW wants email cwia^to^boara*. SCS FeU
Ftreet.
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought ond^^xchangea^
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BOOT AXD SHOE pA'^GAIXS.
BARGAINS, ladies' and children's shoes; drum-
rr.crs' gr.— pies mfg. coat. Kohlbecher, 145 4th,
.\— $1000— RESTAURAXTT^axdwood^furnlture,
Money-maker
i furnished rooms; owner 6 y*ar«; clean $125
month. STENBKRG CO.. S-S Market et.
A-tKO-LAUNDRY route clearing $M> a month;
good horse «uiad wagon; full investigation and
niaJ solicited before buying; splendid opDortu-
i:lty. STKNBKRO CO.. S25 Market tC
A-$C50— RESTAURANT north of Market; many
years estubllbhed and doing a first-class busi-
ness; will bear Investigation; owner compelled
to e*U. eickness. STENBERO CO., 935 Market.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY FOR A GROCER
Corner grocery and bar. with 6 furnished liv-
ing rooms; located in the heart of the city
g<xA live trade; clean stock and fixtures- to-
frt-ther with a newly and elegantly furnished
h'iu«e- of b rooms; &1I rented to the best of
I tenants; rent for all only 140; at a great *acrl-
:ic-e for spot cash If purchased within three
<U.ys: owner leaving the city. See M A.
BROOKS. It Golden Gate ave. . 7*
ASTONISHING opportunity <$S000 will handle
I It)— Grand S-story brick hotel; 73 beautifully
finished rooms; all elegantly furnished; bar,
<-tc. ; corner lot. 100x200 ft.; constantly over-
frowdM with boarders and $2 -day transients;
h«f«t city in 5>tat«-; co»t and worth }60,COO: free
of debt, but owing to peculiar circumstance*
U offered for J12.&00; bmer than etaled; It's
a fool who doubts without Investigation.
y. P. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 10 Oeary.
J150— PARTNER wanted: light Indoor business;
will r»y over jco per month to each yearly.
MCLAUGHLIN _ CO., 777ft Market et.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
TO my customers and friends— I have removed
my real estate and business agency to 26*4
Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10. Thanking you for
past patronage, I arsure you that all orders
will be, a» before, promptly attended to. R-
G. WILKE.
A— S12iO: SALOON.* elegantly fitted up; estab.
years and doing a good paying business; place
located close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease;
large stock, best quality; a rare offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2GH Kearny st.
A — $3jr>; CCFFEE saloon and chop house, with
1^ furnished rooms; rent low; daily receipts
$35. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— J3?.0; CORNER saloon; rent $18; choicest lo-
cation Eouth of Market St.; place doing a good
raylr.g business, but parties can't agree.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A— $iOH>; COFFEE saloon; established many
years and doing a first-class paying business;
rer.t $100; choicest location; only two blocks
north of Chronicle bldg. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26'* Kearny st.
A— $?.:*; CORNER branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on Geary Bt. ; low rent
and good paying business: a rare chance.
Call It. G. WILKE. S6H Kearny st.
A— $150; SALOON, with living rooms; estab.
many years and good paying place: on Sixth
Bt.; low rent. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Krny.
A— $:.5O; DELICACY and candy store; choicest
location on Mission St.; rent $25: living rooms;
daily receipts $20; place must be sold at once;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE,
2C>4 Kearny st.
A— $S50; CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market
and Stockton sts.; net rent $C3; a good paying
and I d-established business. Particulars II.
G. W'iLKE, 26H Kearny st.
A— PARTNER wanted In the best-paying corner
saloon, connected with club and ladies' rooms ;
choicest location on Market st. ; close to Phe-
lan bldg; 2 years' lease, with 3 years' op-
tion; rent $198; a rare chance for the right
party. See R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
no night or Sunday work; 6 years' lease;
place kept by owner 11 vears and clears above
$300 p*r month; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
CIGAR store: best in the city: near the Call
building. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A FINE chance for a good man to go Into an
old established liquor business as a partner;
must have the best of references: not abso-
lutely necessary to be a saloon man; this is a
rare chance for the right man. Box 2S07, Call.
LANE & CO.. E63 Market, will sell your lodg-
ln? house or business quickly for cash; list It
¦with us; be convinced; costs nothing.
FOR sale — Saloon in wholesale district. Inquire
WICHMANN. LUTGENS & CO.. 318 Clay st.
$100— CIGAR stand; pood locality; rare opportu-
nity". Inquire 92 Minna st., during day.
CANDY and Icecream parlor; no reasonable
offer refused- 230 Ellis st.
$200— FINE delicacy store, notions, school sup-
plies : no opposition; sick. 1100 Golden Gate av.
BARBER ehop for sale, cheap: owner leaving
city. Cor. RaUroad and 7th aves.. South S. F.
A RARE chance to step Into an old established,
paying grocery business without paying a
bonus; stock and fixtures will be sold at In-
voice: owner retiring from business. Inquire
1331 Park st.. Alameda.
FOR sale— At a sacrifice on account of sick-
ness, bakery, confectionery, candy and notion
etore, ice cream parlor, soda and cigar stand;
living rooms In rear, furnished; rent cheap.
Call at 17M Howard St.
I A LIST of paying businesses; groceries, branch
bakeries, delicacy and notion stores, coal
yards, restaurants, saloons. EITEL & CAR-
ROLL. 100$^ Market St.
FOR pale at a bargain — Grocery store, stock and
fixtures: horse, wa.ion, etc.: owner retiring on
account of health of his wife. For particulars
apply TILLMANN & BENDEL.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper shop; also st^el range; doing good
business; established 14 years. 41114 Califor-
nia Ft.. EUGENE ROBINET.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, pay-
ing drug store In a good mining town; cash
trade. «"all at 730 O'Farrell St.. city.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon near Kearny
and IHish sis.; must b<? sold. Apply BACH,
MEEKK & CO., 221 Montgomery «t.
CORNER saloon: good transient trade; eight
living rooms all furnished; rent with lease
J30. HSR Folsom st.
RESTAURANT; must be sold; party going to
«'ape Nome: no reasonable offer refused.
Apply 11S9 Oak st.
$6PO — BRANCH bakery, laundry and notions;
paper agency; present owner 6 years. Box
16. 108 Eleventh Bt.
$800 — GROCERY and bar. suitable for man and
wife; grood location; reason for selling, party
going East. Apply 1034 Howard St.
FOR «ale— The Central Hotel In Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
WE have customers for bottling works, butcher
shops, lodging houses. LANE & CO., 865 Mkt.
$13C0— CORNER grocery: flne stock; good bar
trade; cash business. Particulars 124 Oak et.
$S50 — FINE cigar stand: call at once. ,SE. cor-
nar Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
MILK route for sale In San Mateo. For Infor-
mation inquire at 421 Pine st.
FOR SALE— First-class saloon In center of San
Francisco. G44 Clay St.. 2 doors from Kearny.
WANTED — To buy good Ehoemaklng business;
city or country- Address box 2369. Call office.
SALOON; good location. Inquire at 504 Kearny
St.. room 1L
A RESTAURANT: suitable for man and wife:
good location. 239 Eighth st.
COFFEE end tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL<* CO.. 412 Sacramento »t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established a.t 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
LODGI.\G-HOL'5ES FOIl SALE.
SI-ROOM ON MARKET .........
Only $300
8-room new flat $400
Boarding house for rooming house.
110-room house; best on earth ....$4500
12 rooms; on McAllister Bt JtOO
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 $1000
22-room house on Turk st $750
12 rooms; on best street $400
S4 rooms; corner: clears $200 $1600
10 rooms: on Jones et. ; clears $S5 $400
10" rooms; fine corner; on Mission st $430
13-room house; new furniture $200
12-room house; on Post st $400
IS rooms; on one floor; near Call offlce... $S50
10 rooms; on Mason st : payments $150
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 5L
H. C. DECKER. 1030 Market St.. opp. Firth.
10 ROOMS, clean, rent $25. N. Mkt $400
11 rooms, full of men, rent $28 $225
12 room-, central, clears J35. rent $30 $200
18 rooms, clears $60. central. 1 floor $550
JO rooms, on 3d. rent $45. owner sick $300
£5 rooms, cor., rent $5.5, Income $220 S2000
£6 rooms, cor., N. Mkt., money-maker.. ..$1800
£6 rooms, hotel, fine furniture, nice $3000
34 rooms, downtown cor., rent $100 $1600
Two 20-room houses on Hills. $600 and.... $1600
40 r.. clears $120. rent $80. a snap $1600
t.0 r— bon ton, clean, clears $150 a mo t2SO0
27 r.. central, place is coining gold $1000
15 r.. boarding house, $250 cash, rent $60.. $850
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1. nr. Call bldg.
S2 ROOMS: must sell: reduced to $S£0; see it.
WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
15 ROOMS; price $425; part cash, payments $10
monthly. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st
100 ROOMS: $250 cash, payments $10 monthly;
price $M0. WINSTON & CO.. 102« Market.
LOnGING-HOUSE buyers— For good bargains
and choice bouses go to SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. 917 Market rt., opp. Mason.
$1300— 55 ROOMS, all rented; good location, near
Maftrt; cent.: rent $75 month. Basils, 3 Eddy.
a ROOMS, 2 blocks from Market: fine; a bar-
gain; money maker: no agent. Box 2399, Call.
E6-ROOM bcardlnc-house at a bargain. Write
Boarding, box 4C7. Call offlce. . ' '¦¦;¦
SMALL sunny lodging-house; low rent: house
full; furniture new. 616 Geary st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
ness, work _ driving horses. Uth & Valencia.
CAMPING wagon for sale, cheap. 1013 Harrl-
fOH St. - ¦-¦-: ¦
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 3S3-3I7 Tehama »t. ; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY St»*m Carpet-Beating Works, a] hT
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN"S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 233 Golden
Gato ave.; telephone East IK.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT Mrs. Meyer's hall, 315 McAllister, spiritual
test future to-night, 10c; dr. every eve.; sit.
MRS LESTER BAILEY— Circle this evening,
10c; reading dally. 1204 Fillmore St., nr. Turk.
AT Mrs. Meyer's Hall. 335 McAllister, spiritual
test and future to-night, 10c; circle eve; stngs
GO to Watson, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist; 25c. 15S1 Market, nr.lSth.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis St.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting, $1. 1104 Market.
MEDA HOSKINS, spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket. bet 10th and 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
a" ' ' MRS DR CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
6t.. may be consulted on all affairs of life;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated: satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 206
Turk sL, near Jones.
MME.LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. A. E. BROWER, psychic readings; min-
ing a specialty. 220% McAllister st. ; hours 2
to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m.
MME. LDNEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dlcted steamship disaster '74. 310 Mason Bt,
MADAM DENNY, clairvoyant and card reader;
25c and 50c. 752 Bryant St., near 6th: no sign.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op. Mint.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 823
Mission St., near 4th, rm. 8; 25c up; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader; readings 25c; no sign.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 212H Sixth st.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyants; fee 25c. S49V4
Minna St., near Fifth.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25a up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture: 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NO3IE.
THE Al steamship Newsboy, for Nome direct;
will sail May 28. For passage and freight-
apply to 41$ California st., room 32; telephone
John 1151.
HAVE one and only one chare In Nome dredger
for sale; leave in a few days. Box 2379. Call.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; also three unfurnished
rooms and bath for housekeeping. 923 Shot-
well Ht.
COTTAGE — ( rooms and cellar; good order. 417
Green St., near Dupont; rent }8.
$12— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, rear: also 4-room
flat, bath. $H. Apply 1524 California st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; nllin~, £0e; crowns. $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
_PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
flce hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL pet of teeth. $5: gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
Fllver. 50c; painless extraction. BOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, S63 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
, from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 73c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. M. L. PANCOST'S mange cure and worm
pills: by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
BIO Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dre«smak-
lng and ladles' tailoring: eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter et.. dressmaking
schocl; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dresses
made. 15 up; dresses made over; perfect, fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, ovcrO'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher. 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
fiucted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
H_ALD"S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining ensrln-
eedng.-etc; new SO- page catalogue free.
AYRES'. the, leading bUFlness college. 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, tpylng; life
scholarship. $50; day. and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. !
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school: thorough; up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1SS4.
VAN PER NAILLETJ SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ao-
knowledred by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 192 Montgmy.
PROF. MERKI. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 100S Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Sin*. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishc? best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce: established over five years.
421 Post st.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42C Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce:
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. *806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
B»st help. 411H O'Farrell ft.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
REFINED nursery governess desires situation
or as invalid's nurse, maid or companion;
best of ref. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
A NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
clrl or second work: will do light housework;
ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook wants a posi-
tion; 3 years last place; city or country. MISS
.CULLEN. 825 Sutter Bt.
A COMPETENT man and wife desire situa-
tions: understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A GOOD, obliging woman wishes situation to
do general houjework In city or a short dis-
tance In country; good cook and laundress.
227 Minna st. -. ¦
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do any
kind of work; Is first-class laundress and good
housekeeper: will work by day at $1 and car
fare. 242U Minna st., downstairs, not in rear.
A RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
housework or any respectable position. Call
20 Eleventh Bt. . *
RESPECTABLE woman wishes any kind of
work by the day; good laundress. 7 Van Ness.
YOUNG girl wishes situation In store. Call or
address 15ft Suinner st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A WOMAN would like position raising child,
taking care of Invalid or doing general house-
work. 275 Stevenaon st.
YOUNG neat Swedish girl wishes to do general
housework; good references; $20. 513 Me-
Alllster Et. ¦¦:
SWEDISH girl wants position; good cook;
wages $25. $30. Call 504 Seventh st.
YOUNG lady stenographer wishes a position;
experience main object Box 2808.
WANTED— By an Eastern woman, position as
housekeeper ; city or country: good, reliable
home more of an object than wages; good
seamstress. Address all week 108 Taylor St.,
room 7.
YOUNG Swedish woman first-class references,
would like to take care family house over
summer; if necessary cook for 1 or 2. Ad-
dress box 23S8. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
hotel or boarding-house; city . or country.
Address 959 Folsom st.
COLORED woman wishes position as nurse or
will work by the day; good references. 1317
Green St., bet. Larkin and Polk.
YOUNG lady desires position aa bookkeeper,
typewriter, cashier or for general offlce work.
Box 2S97, Call offlce.
COOK— First-class German and American
cook wants position In a first-class family.
Address 721 Bush st.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission st.. room 1.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants po-
sition as working housekeeper; wages $25.
Box 2362. Call offlce.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or as cook on ranch; good reference.
MRS. M. LISTON. P. O. box 27, Haywards,
Cal.
COLORED woman, first-class cook, would like
situation In an Institution or small boarding
house: good references. Address 933 Sacra-
mento st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25o .to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and rescectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. '
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
A GOOD and strong young man, aged 16 years,
wishes position aa driver of delivery wagon;
familiar with streets. 718 Valencia Bt.
EXPERIENCED cook wants situation in city;
willing to go second. W. DOLL. 807 Folaom.
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general Jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Bailey block, room 2, Dwlght
way station, Berkeley.
WANTED— By a strong young married man,
not afraid of work, position of any kind;
wholesale house preferred; handy with tools
or steam: best or references; 6 years in last
place. Box 2392, Call offlce. *
COACHMAN and gardener, reliable and indus-
trious, —ants situation in private place; un-
derstands care of cows and chickens; good
references. Address P. LUND. 360 Seventh
St.. Oakland. ;
ELDERLY, active man wants situation with
private family as gardener, horses, etc.: small
• wages; first-class references. Gardener, box
2335. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants Job as watchman;
best of references; $10 and found If satisfac-
tory place. H. W., 410 Sixth st.
DRAUGHTSMAN, good tracer and letterer:
experienced with architect and civil engineer
business: Address box 2372. Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations; man under-
. stands dairy work, wife to do cooking or gen-
eral housework. 431-433 Pine st.
YOUNG man, 21 years, desires a position to
care for place; can milk and drive; best of
reference. Address 61 Hermann Bt.
BAKER and pastry cook desires situation as
eecond hand or assistant cook in hoter or
restaurant: please state terms. t Box 2377, Call.
RELIABLE young man, 24 years' experience In
bookkeeping and general offlce work, wishes
position with firm of this city: references
from late employer. Address, box 2356, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant offlce
man or other position In business house; the
best of references and security if necessary.
Address T. H.. 400 PoBt Bt. ,
EXCHANGE.
FINE 10-room house and 8 lots for across th«
bay property; 4 houses In Western Addition
for business property, will pay cash differ-
ence; Mission flats for FrultvaJe house; Ala-
meda houses, with cash, for city property:
nice Alameda home for Berkeley house; city
and Oakland houses for ranches: loans nego-
tlated. EITEL & CARROLL, 1008^ Market.
ORCHARD of 5 acres in East Oakland for sale
or exchange for business property in city; no
agents. Apply at 417 Sansome st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071H Market st. — Examinations free; German
eye water by mail, 60c. Phone Mint 257.
FINANCIAL.
FOR highest paying safe Investments; cash or
Installments. Call or write room 1, 36 Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott: finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate ; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417^4 Third st.
A S-ROOM sunny flat at 130 Capp st.. near
Seventeenth: rent $10; water free.
ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improvements.
2410 Sacramento St., near Webster.
FLATS— 3 and 4 rooms, bath: off Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth; key at 1626 Howard.
FLAT to let. 4 rooms; rent $12; 362 Ivy ave.
Apply 363 Grove St. _-_
FLAT 2 nice rooms; 26 Reed St.; rent $10.
Keys 1325 Washlncton st.. near Jones.
FLAT 6 sunny rooms; flower garden. 122
Henry st.. near Noe.
FELL. 2S1-Upper flat, 9 rooms and bath; rent
»20.
GREEN. 1314. near Larkln—* rooms, bath,
enamel sink; latest improvements; gunny: $15.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEAT sunny modern lower flat; 6 rooms and
bath ; $25. 1014 Broderlck St.. near Turk.
OCTAVIA, 619H— Lower flat, 7 rooms and bath;
rent $18; water free^ ___________
$25— FLAT 6 large rooms and cellar, with room;
healthful location. 527 Thirteenth, near Mkt
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
¦SUNNY, modern 7-room flat. Just finished. 323
Bartlett st. \ '
FLATS WANTED.
--- . y .-m-j. _ -l-.i ' ' '¦
WANTED— Flat, cottage or small house by
respectable couple: no children; moderate
rent: offers. Box 2365. Call offlce.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage, only In use 3
months, for % price: rent $10; can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. m. 8122 Twenty-fifth st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
KL'HNITUIIE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1185 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mieslon St., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. lied 33.13.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook. $30; 2 German cooks
$30 each; 4 second girls, $25 and $20; Swedish
second girl. $22 60. 3 in family; Infant's nurse,
$20; cook, flrst-class hotel, San Jose, $25;
dishwasher, same house, $15; middle-aged
woman as working housekeeper, country, $12;
German nurse, $20. . MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
INSTITUTION cook. $40, country. MISS CUL-
LEN", 325 Sutter. Bt.
WANTED — Woman who understands plain
dressmaking to work in store. Apply at 1210
Polk st., near Sutter,' between 10 and 11 a. m.
OPERATORS on butcher gowns, aprons and
bar coats. 2O4V4 Turk at.
GIRL for waiting and bhamber— -ork; $20; ref-
• erences required. 626 Eddy st.
WAITER girl and dishwasher wanted ¦ at 136
-Second «t.
GOOD girl or woman to acslst light housework;
small family; $7. 312 Sanchez st.
OPERATORS— Button-hole makers and appren-
1 tices wanted; good wages. 503 Kearny, rm. _
FINE pants finisher. wanted Immediately; good
wages. 253V4 Stevenson st. .
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. Apply at
236 Twelfth at. ¦
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Housegirls, Woodland $25, Vallejo
$25. Redwood City $30. Menlo Park $25. Mill
Valley $30, Belmont $25, Oakland $20; Scandi-
navian housegirl, $25, no wash country; cook,
$30. San Rafael; cook, resort. $35, $40; restau-
rant cook, $25 and found; 3 nursejrirls, $20;
French nurse, $20; German nurse $25; Scandi-
navian cook. $30: German cook, $30; 50 house-
jrirlt.. $20, $25, city and country. J- ~. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 816 Sutter st. '
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; 6 waitresses, different
springs. $20; 5 waitresses, other resorts, $20;
waitress, commercial hotel. $25 and found,
fare here, call early; 8 waitresses, commer-
cial hotels. $20; pastry cook, $40; cook, resort.
$30, see party here; waitress and chamber-
maid, mining town, $45, see party here.
.....FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German nursegirl, city, $20; cook and second,
city. $45; second girl, $20. Swedish or Ger-
man; 2 ranch cooks, short distance In coun-
try: German housegirl, city. $20: nurseglrl.
2 children. $12; 3 German cooks, city. $23;
25 housegirls. city and country. C. R. HAN-
PEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
COOK. $30; < second girls, $25. $20; nurseglrl,
$20 to $25; hotel cook. $30; women to cook for
men. $20; ranch cook. $23: cook, San Rafael,
$25; houseglrl, $30. MRS NORTON, 313 Sutter.
2£ NURSES: city and country.
20 WAITRESSES; city and country.
Employment Bureau, room 202. S27 Market st.
WANTED— An educated girl for light work,
where there Is another servant; good reader;
sleep home; $10. Call 710 Leavenworth St.,
after 9 a. m.
COMPETENT girl to do cooking and general
•housework- no washing; reference required;
wages $25. 1 Scott st.
WANTED— Girls and young women for light
work In laundry. Apply this morning be-
tween 9 and 10 at 1E19 Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework. 1124 Greenwich
Bt.. near Hyde.
NEAT young girl; cooking and housework:
small family; ref.: $20. 908 Devisadero. 9 to It.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 121 Post St., room 49.
GIRL to assist in light housework; only two In
family. 1408 Grove st. •
A GIRL for general housework. Apply at E14
Devisadero 8L, near Hayes. »
GERMAN girl for housework; wages $15. 629
McAllister at.
WANTED- Reliable girl for second work. Call
9 to 12, 1359 Post St.
OPERATOR on vests wanted; $3 to $13 a week.
641^ Stevenson st.
WANTED— Girl to assist in housework; wages
$10. Apply 222 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— A girl or middle-aged woman to <3o
general housework. 509 Hayes »t.
YOUNG girl to help along with light house-
work; wages $10. 911V4 Larkln at.
WANTED— Experienced millinery salesladies,
maker and trimmer. 1323 Stockton gt.
WANTED— An experienced dressmaker. 401
Leavenworth st.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. S6\4 Fremont St.; elevator.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32',4 Fremont.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking;
$15. 42 Stanley place, bet First and Second sts.,
near Harrison.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts; Fteady employment. ROGERSON'S,
535 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlor maid; city
references required; wages $25. Apply Mon-
day. 9 to 11. 1900 Jackson st.
WANTED — Woman familiar with business
methods for position of trust and manage-
ment. Box 2SJ6, Call offlce.
GIRL wanted to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 718 Larkln «t.
YOUNG girl wanted In store; good wages; no
Sunday work. 619 Post st.
WANTED — A stenographer; wages $15 monthly.
Address box 23S7. Call offlce.
HOUSEKEEPER for father and son; cits; not
over 3S years. Inquire Monday, 41S Powell st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework;
wages $20 a month. Apply 1718 Buchanan st.
A BRIGHT young lady: outside work: salary.
Up-to-date Parlors, 1026 Market, over Wonder.
A FIRST-CLASS hairdresser; good salary. Up-
to-Date Parlors. 1026 Market St., over Wonder.
A WOMAN to work in hand laundry; steady
work; good pay. 119 Corbett ave.
WANTED — A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS vert maker. 8% Antonio St.
between Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HKLP WANTED — MALE.
ENGINEER and blacksmith for sawmill, $100;
wagon and carriage smith. J3 to $4 day; 3
jobbing blacksmiths and shoers, $3 50 day;
blacksmith's helper, carriage work, $2 to $2 CO
day; carpenter for ranch. $30; wheelwright for
ranch, $35; 3 cabinet makers. 30c hour; 2 coop-
ers. $30: toolmaker, $3 day: band sawyer. $4
day: edirermaji. $45 to $50: trimmer for mill.
$45 to $50; 10 miners, $3 50 day; muckers. $2
day; carmen for mine: 100 woodsmen and mill
men of all kinds, $26 to $40; woodchoppers,
$1 25 to $3 cord; laborers for mine, $2 day, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628
Sacramento st.
OFFICE boy, $3 week; S men and wives for
ranches and private families. $35. $49 and $,*0;
laundryman and wlfei $60; 10 farmers for or-
chard work, $1 day, see boss In city: 2 sheep
herders. $25. fare raid: gardener. $30: man
about tilo.ee. $25. country; 2 stablemen. $30
and. $35; 4 teamsters. $30; 10 milkers. $25 and
$30; young man for milk depot, $20; lroners,
$30; marker for laundry, $30; young men to
learn laundry business. $17 50; German for
wine cellar; choreman for ranch, $15; 8 team-
sters, $1 75 and $1 day and board ; choreboy. '¦
¦mall ranch. $10 and found: driver for milk
wagon on commission; slaughter house butch-
er for country. $30 and found. J. F. CRO-
SETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 man and wife cooks, $50. $60
month: cooks, $40, $30, $33 month, $10, $9. $7
¦week; dishwashers, vegetablemen. potwashers ¦
and pantrymen, both country and city: other
help In hotels and restaurants: call and see
us. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacra- .
manto st. :
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Oeary St. .
Wanted — 500 men for railroad work; team- 1
eters, rockmen. laborers and men to build
fences; $2 a day; free fare
20 railroad laborers for company work, $2 a •
day. board $4 50 a week, free fare; 50 men
for sawmills and woods. $30 to $35 and board. :
fares advanced; 30 quarrymen. S2 and $2 25
a day; 10 miners and muckers, $2 and $2 50
a day; 20 laborers, city and vicinity. $175
and $2 a day; 10 orchard teamsters, $25 and
$30 and board; 20 farmers, different ranches. .
$25, $26 and $30; 4 milkers. $25 and $30; ranch <
blacksmiths, wheelwrights, stablemen - and
others ". ;
;i HOTEL DEPARTMENT !
Cook and wife, family hotel, $100; second
cook, $75; broiler, $60; hotel, north, baker. .'¦
$40: assistant cook. $30. for summer resort:
cook and wife, summer resort, $75: assistant .
paatry cook, good Icecream maker, hotel, '
north. $50
Sllverman, country hotel, $25. free fare;
dishwasher, mountain resort, $30; dishwasher,
eprlncs, $25; kitchen hand, springs, $25; 20 .
dishwashers and kitchen hands, city and
country. $20. $25 and $30.. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— For large orchard near city, 5 gen-
eral farm hands. Bteady work, $28 and board; '•
2 haying hands. $1 EO and board; 20 haylhg
hands. $1 25 and board: 10 milkers. $30. $27 50
and 525; 2 choremen. country. $34 and $20; man '
about place, city, $20; 2 laborers, rock quarry, '
$2 a day; 2 teamsters, country, steady. $20; 6
woodchoppers. redwood $1. hard wood Jl 40,
4-foot oak $125, stove $150
Cook and dishwasher for camp, $40 and $23; 2 ,
waiters. $30 and $25
Blacksmith, $50; horseshoer. $3 50 a day;
blacksmith's helper. $30 and found; hostler,
I $30 and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay. .
4 MEN to work on a ranch: $1 25 per day; So-
noma Co. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A — ARM waiter, country, $30: short order :
cook, small restaurant, country, $20 fare.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt. .
MAN to work on farm, short distance." Apply
MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter at. -. ¦ .
BARRERS" Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152. .
TRUSTWORTHY man to work locally: also
travel in adjoining counties;' $18 a week sal-
• ary and expenses; state age and reference. .
" Address Business Manager, P. O. box 1027,
Philadelphia, Pa. :
YOUNG man for porter In saloon; German pre-
ferred; must he quick and polite; state refer- '
ences. Box 2S06. Call offlce.
WANTED— Boy to learn candy business. Call '
. at 6 Mission St., 7 o'clock this morning.
AN experienced apprentice on fine coats. 604
O'Farrell st.
GOOD hatter: must understand dyeing soft felt '.
,hats. 136 Third St., or 256 Fourth.
BOOTBLACK for barber ehop and to clean '¦
baths. 120 Geary st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 217 Slxtn st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. .PHONE MAIN 6S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
FREE FARE AND $1 OFFICE FEE and no
other expenses to Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara districts; we ship you Monday 9 a.m.
and 5 p. m. for the S. P. R. R.; laborers,
teamsters, $2 day.
FARE PAID ./
For laborers (no experience necessary^ for
the sawmills and woods, $26 to $40 and fare
paid; also 250 woodchoppers and tiemakers.
BIG WAGES— LABORERS FOR MINES.
25 laborers (no experience required)
$40 to $48 and found
10 muckers, gold mines. .$75 and J60 and found
40 single hand miners $75
Top carmen, $52 50; tool sharpener. $60; 150
laborers, city and all parts of California,
$1 75 to $2 50 day; also teamsters. $2 day
MECHANICAL HELP
Screwtender, $52 and found; 15 blacksmiths,
$60, $45 and $40, 7 50 and $3 50 day; Clack-
smith's helper, $10 and $12 week
Carpenter, rough work $2 50 day
Wagon-maker, boiler-makers, coopers
MISCELLANEOUS
5 butchers, slaughter-house, shop ami ranch..
$30 to $T.O
Stablemen, buggy washers, hostler.... $30 & fd
4 farmers and wives $36 and $40 & fd
FARMS— ORCHARDS— DAIRIES
10 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb
$133 day
Cheesemaker, see boss here $35 & fd
40 milkers, city and all r>arts California
•' $25 to $25 and found
Milk watron drivers, city
125 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$25 and $35
25 haymakers $30 and $33
Gardeners. $25 and $30: choremen and boys
20 laborers, Alameda County $34 and found
10 laborers, no experience required, large
mining company $34 and found
For numerous other* positions come down and
read bill boards
Wanted for a new railroad free fare
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
, Laborers / $2 a day
Free fare .....free fare
, SPECIAL
Engineer and run dairy separator.. $30 & fd
Teamsters, stock ranch, $30 A: fd; 5 stablemen;
Woodworker, country blacksmith shop
$40 and found
Cheesemaker. $40 & fd; 7 porters, $25, $20 A fd:
Planerhand for sawmill company $50 & fd
5 Boys or Young Men
to work In a machine shop, city. $S week.
MURRAY &. READY. 634 and €36 Clay st.
A— BAKERS COOKS WAITERS
Cook and wife for the mines. $30 & fd: baker.
country shop. $35 & fd, also helpers: 25 cooka .
restaurants, hotels and boardlng-housea, $30
to $60 & fd; lroners, country laundries, $23
and $35 & fd: 15 waiters, city and country. $25
and $30; boy for laundry, elevator boy. etc ;
dishwashers, city and country.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— One waiter and one bartender. Call
between 9 and 10 a. m., 718 Valencia st.
WANTED— A good military tailor. 2S19 Green- '
wlch st.
TAILOR wanted. Apply at 520 Kearny st., first
..oor, room 1.
BARBER wanted; steady. Apply at 10S Fourth
street. ,
FIRST-CLASS paperhanger wanted. Apply at
220SH Howard st.
WAITER wanted. 435 Ellis St.
WANTED— First-class waiter at 19 Stockton
street.
2 SHOEMAKERS for custom repairing;
steady work. 662 Mission, bet. 1st and 2d. sts.
"WANTED— A pantry and bell boy. 37 Stock-
ton st.
WANTED— A dishwasher; H a week. 631 Clay
street.
GOOD man for Janitor work 2 or 3 days a week;
wages $1 60. Address box 2S09. Call office.
WANTED— Blacksmith: steady work; good sal-
ary; first-class workman. 4G10 Mission road.
GOOD barber wanted. 3310 Sacramento st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2009 Fillmore st.
$230— THREE-CHAIR barber shoo on main
street, San Jose; established 12 years; must
sell: cause sickness. Box 2S05. Call.
WANTED— Young man who has had experience
In machine and model work; one who under-
stands electrical work preferred. Apply at
546 Mission gt.
WANTED — Man to deliver and collect in San
Francisco and vicinity: $15 per week and ex-
penses. Address DELIVERY DEPT., 1338
Cherry st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Laborers on Belvedere sewer. Tlb-
uron. Apply on work or 508 California at., r. 3.
YOUNG German (17 to 20) to work In grocery;
reference. Address box 2395, Call.
OFFICE boy wanted. FINK & SCHINDLER.
1309 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced engraver in brass and
steel. Box 2397. Call offlce.
WANTED — Good pressman on pants; good pay
and steady work. 104 Kearny st., top floor.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELA£CO
6 HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GOOD pressman on custom pants; steady
work. 225 Fifth st.
GOOD industrial agent. Apply 8-9 a. m.. 12-1
p. m.. 6-6 p. m.. 405 Montgomery St., room 8.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years: not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Of9ce, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
S30 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires etx to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay St.
WANTED— A first-class barber with references;
must be sober and steady; wages $S per week
and found. Address C. WOLLSTAB, Wads-
worth. Nev.
LIVE hustlers, accustomed to systematic city
canvassing, can makt big money for the
next 30 days. Apply to J. P. MASSIE. room '
14. fifth floor. Mills building.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. Z17 Third st.: 150 large
rooms: 25c p€r night; $1 to $2 per week.
15 MEN wanted for work at Nome. CHAS.
CONKLIN it CO.. 667 Market St.; ticket office.
FOREMAN for tailoring establishment: coats;
experienced; references. Address box 2361,
Call offlce. "¦
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; good loca-
tion and business. Box 2777. Call, Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while 'waiting; 2Se
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.^
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdreasing at S.
F. Barber School, 741A Howard Bt.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer :~K
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mir-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 23c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- I
lencla st. ' * I '.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale I
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, baggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SAN FRANCISCO VETERINART COLLEGE
next session begins June 11: catalogue up —
application. DR. E. J. CREELY. Dean, it
Golden Gate ave.
CARLOAD well-bred, gentle horses; very
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721-723 !
Howard »t. ;
FOR >ale, cheap— Business horse, 2 wagons, 5
buggies, 6 sets harness. SI City Hall ave.
FINE carriage horse and top phaeton. H.
SIPPLE. 1634 Mission st.
FOR eale — Fine doctor's team; • and 7 years
old. DALZIEL, vet. dent., 6C5 Golden Gate av.
FOR SALE— Good draught hors*. wagon and .
harness. Apply at 1S04 Market st.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market St.: Castro-st. cars pass the door. .
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery. .
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. ~~~
301 Jones; 14 r.....$S3 2710 Pine; 5 r $35 .
2018 Buchanan; 9 r. 41 1137 Geary: 10 r 70 :
1S22 Pacific av. ;9r. 65 706 Hayes: new; 9 r. 50
BUCHANAN. 2713 — Pleasant, sunny, nine-room 1
house; marine view; low rent; fine netghborhd.
LAGUNA, 1715-1717—3 rooms each and bath;
modern, sunny; convenient: rent reduced.
HOUSEs, S2C Washington st.. for rent or sale. '
Apply to J. C. WAGNER, -hlborn House.
Mto_tf_&__#— ££» 2_o»M&at_3fegSIKS9e_>'4M*» •
HOUSES TO _ET— FURXI3HED.
ELEGANT furnished flat, 7 rooms; piano; gas
and coal stove. 713 Grove st.
HOVSCS WAXTED.
WANTED—To rent or lease, a new, modern
house of not less than 10 rooms: sunny sid«
of street: located Inside of Devisadero. Cali-
fornia. Franklin and Broadway. Address box
2S02. Call offlce.
L ARKSPU R KEAL EST AT E.
CAMP ground to rent at Larkspur up the can-
yon. Apply to C. A. HOLM.
LOST A.VO FOOD.
LOST— GentaT'lblaek sUk muffler: Sutter. bet.
Stelner and Oough: reward and thanks. 903
OFarrell st
LOST— Purse containing $15, bet. Twenty-fourth
and Thirteenth sta. Return 51S Thirteenth st.;
reward.
LOST— A gold link bangle on broad-gauge local.
May 9. Address 5^ Jones st., Oakland; re-
ward.
LOST — Lady's old-fashioned, heavy gold chain;
small cross. 1514 Franklin st. : reward.
]U EDI CAL.
DRsTgOODWIn! tnT^lMcnown ladies' pny-
slclan. formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure $5; have treated thousands of
cases with success; IS years' practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. G. W. O"DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has pr»c- -
ttced In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Writ* or call aC
1023VJ Market St.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
ndential. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lmrkla.
MRS. DR/ KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at offlce. $5: consultation free. 1123
Market st., between Mason and Taylor: offlc«
hours. 9 to 8; Sundays. 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market; ladles' spe-
cialist; treatment at offlce. $3: consultation
free: hours 10 to 9. Phone Je«sle "7.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Marktt; ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat»
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician: English and German spoken; term*
reaKOcable. 82S Castro st.. near 7th. Oakland.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China; dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sac ramento. cor. Kearny : advice fre*.
Dr. F. Frank & Mrs. Anderson, ladles' physicians;
reliable specialists; treatment $3. 1019 Laguna.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reaaona-
ble. 2012 Folsom St.. MRS. PR. PFEIFFER.
'". S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
SCHWARTING. midwife; private horn*
In confinement for ladles. B10 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS. M, WEGENER— Private horn*
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOU SALE.
BOILERS, engines. I-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
33 complete outfits on our flew, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, 1013, 1021. 1023 Mission it.. abov«
Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR sale — First-class ticket for Nome: Teasel
sails in a week or ten days; &0O lba. b&£ga«a
allowed; $100. Address box 2230. Call office.
Oakland.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use: 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice th*
price could buy no better; mall orders solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO., 13 Montgomery.
A NEW Colllnnear lens, series J. No. 4. with
diaphram shutter, long focus camera. 413
Golden Gate ave.
COMBINATION pool table: good its new.
Lyons Exchange, 703 Mission st.
OHMAN engine 12x12. 30 to 40 horsepower, near-
ly new, cheap. 221 First St., top floor.
8-POUND steel T rail for sale cheap. BUSN^
ETINE»BROS., 834-533 Brannan st.
FINE large safe and fixtures, suitable for Jew.
elry business. MINT LOAN OFFICE. 14
Fifth st.
A — $3 SO DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 T5. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants, 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FINE new launch hull cheap for cash; englna
if desired. H. T. Bradley. 384 14th. Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 813 Examiner bldg.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $3 60.
Portland Loan Offlce. 23 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Poet •£.
BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chalr outfit
complete; must be sold at once at a. sacrifice.
Inquire room S14, Call bldg.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIQALUPL.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; iathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California,
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and Cr« and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THQ .'
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market »t.. San Fran? *
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1 £
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont. }
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call. I
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
rr
WANTED— X soda tanks. 13« Ellis st.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. -WHITEITEAP. 1710 Market rt.
MOXUY TO LOA.V.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can're-
celve cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate. furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt de&llng • no
charge unless loan is granted. EQUITABLB
LOAN CO.. room 603, Examiner building,
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel <
mortgages; confidential; advtco free. Q _, I
OLSEN. room 18, first floor. Chronicle bldg. I
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elsn-
where. R. McCOLGAN. M Montgomery, r. I
HIGHLY respectable private place t> obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third st. If
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan OflJco 14
Fifth St., are transferred to W. J Uestnal
10 Sixth st.. where the business will h* con! \
tlnued. T. LUBELSKI. °* COQ j
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 2a Montgomery:
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*
watches, jewelry. W. J. HE3THAL. WS°xfh*-
hlghest price for old gold, silver. dUinond.:
ANY amount by private party en furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates- confldVntKi
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg ? ufpoientu
AT 12« Kearny sL.Toom 9. respectable Drlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds- lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephon«DaTls'9&7
ON furniture and pianos without mnoval-outck
service: money direct; lowest Intewit S
63 and O. Donohoe bunding? !«£_&.??_"
LOANS made on fvrniture at IVi n*r ,-«• a!<»
loans to salaried people HAR^hk i»rv^
322 Ellis St.. room 34. "ARSHBARGER,
"sis jra^gsasra-SB
Z~«-_^aaycCgftStfs:
eaaaasBgawfcgBH-a.-:
H^MgS ft BEgg. g_SJ_
T 8. 1 F la _rs 1 c O un? WIth ° Ut colUftra > or 'ndorser.
o. *. uiacount Agancy. l_ Ph t u_ buUdlng.
_H^_a__«__amc_ ¦REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
street, 100 W of Douglass, W 60 by N 114. lots
10 and 11, Heyman /Tract; $10.
Augustus F. Rodgers to J. B. Pon and Callxte
Lalanne, lot beginning 20:10 S of Washington
street and 110 E of Mason, S 28, W 0:l',4, N
26 : fllOO.
William H. L. and Mary M. Barnes (by E.~ B.
Pond and H. C. Campbell, trustees) to Frank
A. Losh. 1741 D. 16. lot on S line of Sutter
street, 137:6 E of Leavenworth, E 137:6 by 8
137:6 (trustees' deed); $53,088.
X. D. ¦ Boardman to Aaron Cafcn. lot on NE
corner of Union street and Moore place, B 20
by N 67:6; $10.
Margaret L. Stewart to William G. and Mar
garet Kaiser, lot on W line of Hyde street.
62 6 S of Jackson, S 25 by W 87:6; $10.
Katie G., Louisa F. and Lylllan C. Stewart
to same, same; $5.
Arthur McLea vs. Annie Eaton (by C. S.
Burnell referee) to Belle McLea, Mary Hoenes
and Annie Eaton, lot on SB line ot Mission
street? 225 NE of Fourth, NE 60 by SE 100; also
lot on SW corner of Bush and Dupont streets
(or Grant avenue), W 28 by 8 22; $40,771. •
Ellen Cooney to Ellen A. Cooney, lot on N
line of Geary street, 167:6 W of Larkin, W 25
by N 120; also lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
street 150 W of Guerrero, W 26 by S 125; gift.
W L. and Roberta Rodgers, N. and Sarah R.
Bowden T. C. and Mary E. Coogan and A. E.
Crane to Michael Maguire, lot on E line of Bry
ant street, 156 N of Twenty- fourth, N 26 by E
Michael and Elizabeth Maguire to Mary and
Patrick J. Tray nor, same; $10.
Mary Gorman to Elizabeth West, lot on SE
line of Folsom street, 137:6 SW of Beale, SW 25
Closes J.' Frank to Julius C. Rels, lot on 8
line of Hubbell street, 275 W of Sixth, W 137:6
fcy S 240' $10.
Moses J. Frank and Julius C. Reis to Morris
Meyerfeld, same; $479. . \
Pierre Dupuy and Joseph Catarmes to Susan
E and Louis Lowe, all Potrero Nuevo block 70
excepting portions described in 989 d 293, 1580 d
376 and 1816 d 201 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Charles J. and F. A. Mosley to Philip W.
Belton and Frederick Walpert, lot on E line of
San Bruno avenue (Nebraska street), 133:4 S
of Humboldt. S 66:8 by E 100; fin
Amelia and Anton Schuhman to Lucy Thom
as lot on E line of Third avenue, 175 S of Lake
street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
I Nlckolaa F. P. Wltzemann to Emllie W. C.
Nvitzemann, undivided one eighth of lot on E
line ot Seventeenth avenue. 253:11 N of Clement
street. E 125 by N 25; $25. •
John A. and Mary E. Russell to Solomon
Getz lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 160 N of L
street, N 75 by W 120; $10.
Peter Dean to Peter Dean Company, lot on
SW corner Tenth and Dock streets, NW 111:1
S\V 171:6. SW 81:3, SE 264:SH, NE 200. lota 1 to
8 block 1018. Tide Lands; also lot on N line of
Thirteenth street, 100 SE of Ship, SE 150 by NE
200 lots 10 to 12 and 17 to 19, block 834, same;
also lot on NE corner of Twenty-seventh ave
nue South and B street, NE 200 by SE 100, lots
IS to 16, block 803, same; $150.
Same to same, lots 1 and 8, block 204, lot 12.
block 247, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association; $240.
Same to same, lot on W line of Valencia
utreet. 60 N of Twenty-Becond, N 64, "W 105 8
31-6 E 122:6. S 32:6. E 82:6; also lot on W line
of Webster street, 85 N of McAllister, N 52:6 by
W 137:6; also lot on SE corner of -Page and
Gough streets, E 165:2% by S 120; also lot on W
line of Mission street, 53:6 N from stake 4 miles
from City Hall and 400 S of Four-mile House,
also distant' 261 S from Randall street, N 60-6
W 60; S 60:6, E 60; $45,600;
N. 'K. Hasten awl Orvllle R. and Anna Bald-
win to Betty T. Bryant (wife of Edgar R.). lot
on S line of Jackson street, 127 E of First ave
nue, E 77, S 128:9%, W 79:3, N 129:0%.
- , Alameda County.
H. A. Brigham (single) to Land and Devel
opment Company of San Francisco, all interest
in the following: Lot on E line of Harlan
street, 275 N of Park avenue, E 130. N ISO. W
130, S 170 to beginning, being a portion of block
10. in plat 6, Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Oak
land Township; also lot on W line of Harlan
street. 225 N of Park avenue, N 217, W 270,
S 103:5, E 135, S.-100, E 135 to beginning, being
a portion of block 10 of above plat; also lot on
NW corner of Park avenue and Haven street,
W 25 by N 125, being a portion of block 16,
same; also lot on N line of Park avenue, 125
W of Haven street, W 25 by N 123, being a por
tion of block 16, same; also lot on W line of
Haven utreet. 323 N of Park avenue. • N • 100:3,
W* 250, S 87:10, E 230 to beginning, being a por
tion of block 16, same; also lot on NW corner
of Park avenue and Hollis street, N 123 by W
133, being a portion of block 22, same; al3O lot
on NE corner of Park avenue and Holden
street. E 103, N 125, E 30, N 1S5. W 133, S 310
to beginning, being a portion of block 22. same:
also lot on E line of Holden street. 360 N of
Park avenue. E 133. N 15, E 133. N 23. W 270,
S 40 to beginning, being a portion of block 22.
same; also lot on N*E corner of Park avenue
and Horton street, E 266, N 395, W 133. S 325,
W 133, S £0, E 133, S 150, W 135. S 125 to begin
ning, being a portion of block 22, same; also
lot on N line of Park avenue, 106:6 W of Hor
ton street. W 63 by N 125, being a portion of
block 25. same; also lot on W line of Horton
street, 275 N of Park avenue, W 133. N 100, E
133,- S 105:1 to beginning, being a portion of
block 25, same; also lot on SE corner o" Park
avenue and Holden stfeet, E 133 by S 125. be
ing a portion of block 18, same: also lot on SW
corner of Park avenue and Emery street. W
133 by S 125. being a portion of same: also lot
on NE corner of Park avenue and Harlan
street, K 60 by N 125. being a portion of bloc*
10, same, all being on map of portion of plat
6, Rincho V. and D. Peralta (subject to mort
gag-e); MO.
Mary E. Schleffelln (widow) to Union Savings
Bank, lot on SE corner of Eighth and Union
streets, E 40 by S 112, block 633, Oakland: J10.
Agnes and Henry Carlen to William H. Mac
kinnon, lot en N line of Fortieth street. 342 E
of Grove. E 32 by N 110. being lot 15. Redivi3ion
Montgomery Tract, Oakland (subject to mort
gage); $10.
Eucene Dalton to Ella E. Saxton, lot 37, block
E, Claremont Tract, Berkeley; gift
Elizabeth T. White to Joseph C. Saxton, lot
on S line of Ashby avenue, 1433:6 W of College
avenue, W B0 by S 140, being lot 30, block E,
Claremont Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Dr. George W. Merritt (owner) with George
Davis & Son contractors, architects Reid Bros.,
all work for removal of frame house from NE
corner of Mason and Sutter streets to lot on S
line of Washington street, between Buchanan
and Webster; $1350.
A. Aronson (owner) with Vulcan Iron Works
contractors, architects Hemenway & Miller,
steel and castiron .work for a concrete, brick
and steel building on- N line of Geary street,
62:6 E of Jones, E 7& by N 77:6: $4800.
Charles S. Mann fbwner) with A. Dahlberg
contractor, architects Havens & Toepke, all
work except, plumbing, sewering, gasnttlng,
mantels, electric wiring, grates, gas fixtures
and tiling for a three-story and basement frame
building on S line of O'Farrell street, 192:6 W
of Larkin, W 27:6 by S 120; 16760.
Same owner with James F. Ford contractor,
architects same, plumbing, sewering and gas
fitting for same on same; $1028.
H. J. Lyons (owner) with Peterson & Person
contractors, architect William Koenig, all work
for a two-story and basement frame building on
N line of Filbert street, 125 W of Stelner, N
137:6 by W 25; $3470.
C. S. Mann (owner) with A. Dahlberg con
tractor, cancellation of contract recorded April
16. 1900 (see abstract 2699. April 17, 1900.
Same owner with James F. Ford, contractor,
cancellation of contract recorded April 16, 1900
(same). y
HOTEL "aREIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H G Dlckson, N Y
E H Knapp. Boston
F M Kraus, St Louis
F M Swasey & w, Cal
A Mendel, Chicago
F J Gllflllow. St Paul
Airs Delmas. Seattle
A G Lewis, Cal
J T Summerville, Cal
F Belknup, Oakland
W Dolan. Sacto
J Carter, Santa Cruz
Mrs A Smith. Stockton
G P I^rn. Cal
Miss E Tripp. Cal
J W Ratto & w. Cal
\V McDermctt. Redding
J C Walker. Minn
Mrs C J Fay, Yreka
P Huntz & ch, Fresna
J Stace, Rochester
C B Dewees, Los Ang
L J Abrams, Hanfora
G H McMorran. Hanfd
J Thleben, Sacto
G M Ilsley, Sacto •
Mrs C Mathews, Mich
Mrs D A Ireland. Mich
A R Brunner. Uklah
W E Cook, Eureka
C H Selby. Los Ang
B S Cobb, Stockton
D B Wyandt, Stockton
C C Spauldlng, Ls Ang
G R Webb, Pa
W G Scott, Los Ang
H M Clalr Jr, Phlla
J A Chaigln, San Jose
J J Hebbron, Salinas
II II Mason. Salinas
Miss E Mason. Salinas
W D Hoflns. Seattle
M Thompson, Seattle
L C Sehultz, Cal
J H Pattee. Cal
J Langley. Salt Lake
C Schmidt. Nevada Cy
H A Adams. N Y
J T Mabville, Grass V
P Glllls, St Louis
J H Gardner. It Vista
E E Scott. Iowa Hill
J M Newman, Colfax
L Schweitzer, Honolulu
B Hallenstein & w, NZ
P Blanc. Manila
J D O'Meara. S Rosa
J B Sloan & w, Cal
H J LauKhlln. Cal
D D Brooks, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
M Wltkowsky, N Y
F C Chinn. Sacto
A Oppenheimer, N Y
J Mulllns, Mass
F L Kennedy. N Y
F P Fell. N Y
H J Woollacott. L Ang
J J Grogan, Ohio
C P Crow, Minn
S W Zelmer. N Y
A L Stearns & w, N Y
H B Kendrick, Ls Ang|
G S Curtis. Colo
J E Whissen & w. Cal
E P Dunn. Sta Barb
G B Clark. N Y
G B Charlton, Md
D K Garrison Jr, Mo
Mrs O G Crocker, Mass
Miss M Crocker. Mass
C Crocker. Mass
C L "Jaeger, Ca*
B P Q Foas. Boston
D Dlnkelspiel, N Y
J W Amesse. U 3 N
P J Morgan & w, Ohio
E F Wood A w. Pa
Miss "Wood. Pa
J Carroll & w. Pa
S T Cohn, England \
E C Shinton. England
R J Hall, Ensland
A F Clarke, N Y
L G Beers. Conn
A de Rirthelien. Conn
W H Rush. U S N
L Phipps, Los Ang
L W BUnn, Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Roache. Haywards
C E Valencia. S Pablo
F Latimer, Chlco
H Young, Washington
C Heath, Bakersfleld
J Clark, Sacto
J C Scott, Antioch
G F Black, Orange
S E Powers, Chicago
C L Legg. Chicago
W B Yew, Iowa
C II Ross, N Y
L Davidson, Marysv
F L Powers, Fresno
Mrs R Brown, Uklah
J N Anderson, Merced
Weather Report.
" (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 20—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations hours, season, season.
Eureka .: 0.00 48.58 33.38 ,
Red Bluff 0.00 22.87 20.03
Sacramento 0.00 20.2S 14.07
San Francisco 0.00 18.42 1G.10
Fresno 0-00 10.14 7.18
Independence 0.00 3.66 1.21
San Lurs Obispo 0.00 17.30 16.41
Los Angeles ...f. „ 0.00 7.83 5.01
San Diego •• O.OO 6.98 4.96
Yuma 0.00 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data: " Maximum temperature,
71 degrees: minimum, 63; mean> 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over the
northern portion of the Pacific slope and fair
over the southern. Rain has fallen In Arizona
and scattering light showers in Wyoming and
Montana.
The pressure has risen over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains, especially over Arizona
and Southeastern California.
The temperature has fallen In Eastern Ari
zona and risen over the remainder of the Pa
cific sloje. '
Conditions are favorable for fair and contin
ued warm weather In California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 21:
For Northern California — Fair, continued
warm weather Monday; light northwest winds.
For Southern California— Fair, continued
warm weather Monday; fresh west winds.
For Nevada— Fair Monday. .
For Utah— Fair Monday; warmer.
For Arizona — Fair weather Monday; warmer,
except in extreme southwest portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, contin
ued warm weather Monday, fresh northwest
W ind Q. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is th» game at both places.
MONDAY. MAY 81. ,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
th» day, the third time column the third tide
and I the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there ara but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundlncrs . on the
United States Coast , Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th« height,
and then tht number ilven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of the lower low waters.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. May 20.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander. 12$ hours from
Santa Rosa Island and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 23 hours from Moss
Landing.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, 4 days
from Xanalmo.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith. 81 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 18 days, via Hono
lulu 6 days 17 hours.
Br ship Grenada, Putt, 23 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Natark, Bee, 13 hours from Fort Bragg.
RETURNED.
Sunday. May 20.
Schr H. Bendel, hence this morninc:, in tow
of Btmr National City, for Fort Bragg, re
turned on account of hawser parting twice, ten
miles northwest of Point Reyes.
Schr Anita Funcke. hence May 13. returned,
on account of carrying away foresail, and Jib.
SAILED.
Sunday, May 2").
Stmr National City, Dcttraers. Fort Bragg,
with scow Bendel In tow.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Honolulu.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, .
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen. — .
Schr Conflanza, Christenuen, Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 20—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, southwest; velocity. 12 miles.
.MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWNSEND. May 20.— Brig Tanner,
previously reported ashore at Point Wilson,
while en route to Cape Nome, with cargo of
lumber. Is at the dock, brought in from, off tha
rocks at 10:20 o'clock last night.
DOMESTIC POUTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed May 20 — Stmr Oregon, for
Caj>e Nome; U stmr Rcsecrans for Tacoma.
Arrived May 20— U S stmrs Adams and Olym
pla; utmr Brunswick, from Hunters Bay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 20— Ship Pa
ramita. for Nanaimo.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 19 — Stmr Cleveland,
for Nome; stmr Alliance, for Nome. May V>—
U S stmr Ilosecrans. for Tacoma; stmr Sena
tor, for Nome. Arrived May 20— Stmr Olympia,
from .
EUREKA— Sailed May 20— Stmra Pomona and
Del Norte. for Pan Francisco.
GREENWOOD — Arrived May 20 — Stmr
Whitesboro, hence May 17.
FORT ROSS-Sailed May 20-Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived May 20— Bktn North
west, from Otympia. Sailed May 20 — Bajrk San-
a pORT a LOS C ANGELES— Arrived May KV-Haw
stmr San Mateo. from Nanaimo.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 20-Stmr Columbia,
hence May IS: bktn Addenda, from Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 20— Schr Azalea,
from San Pedro; schr Sequoia, from Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 5— Bark Ceylon,
hence April 18; schr Albert, from Seattle; Haw
bark R. P. Rlthet. hence April 22: May 8— Her
ship Marie, from Newcastle, Aus.; May 7 — Ship
Hecla. from Newcastle. Aus.: May 8 — U S stmr
Warren, hence May 1; May 9 — Br stmr Aoran- j
gi, from Sydney; stmr Australia, hence May 2;
U S stmr Solace, hence May 2; ship Florence,
from Newcastle, Aus. ; Br ship Bungalore. from
Newcastle. Aus. : May 10 — Stmr City of Bia de j
Janeiro, hence May 3: May 12 — Br stmr Mio
wera, from Victoria; stmr City of Peking, from
Yokohama; Br stmr Westminster, hence April
80; Br ship Australia, from Newcastle. Aus.;
bark Oakland, from Everett: May 13— Br bark
Ivanhoe, from Newcastle, Aus. Sailed May 5—
Schr W. H. Smith, for Port Townsend ; May 7—
Haw bark Diamond Head, for San Francisco;
May 8— Ship S. D. Carleton, for Kahulul; bktn
Robert Sudden, for Port Townsend: May 9— Br
stmr Aorangl. for Victoria, B. C: bktn SVagtt,
for Port Gamble; May 10— Bark Rufus E. Wood,
for Port Townsend; May 11 — U S stmr Warren.
Manila: stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, for
Yokohama; schr Alice Cooke, for San Fran-
Cisco; brig Harriet G, for San Francisco, via
Kahului; May 12— Br stmr Miowera, for Syd
ney.
HILC— In port May 1— Ship Henry Vlllard.
bktn Irmitard, schr Lizzie Vance, schr O. M.
Kellogg. Haw bark Roderick Dhu. ship Susque
hanna, Schr Eva. Sailed May 2— Ship Henry
Villard. for New York: May 8— Haw bark Rod
erick Dhu. for San Francisco; May 1— Schr Rob
ert R. Hind, for San Francisco: bark Amy. for
San Francisco. Arrived April 25— Schr Eva,
from Eureka; May 2— Ship Susquehanna, hence
April 17.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 20—Stmr
Nippon Maru, from San Francisco, for Hong
kong: stmr Rio Jun Maru, from Seattle, for
Hongkong.
QUEEN STOWN— Sailed May 20— Stmr Luca
nla. from Liverpool, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 20— Stmr Bar
barossa, from Bremen, for New York.
TBOE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 21, 1900.
9
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer Movement's.
Shipping Intelligence.
lun rises • 4:55
iun sets...... •.....—...•.... • ......7:17
loon rises (third quarter) 0:09 a. m.
C Time Time ' Time Time
$ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H.W W; |.W ' L. W
w? TlT> 4.6 10:40 0.6 6:45 6.4 11:46 2.0
¦'¦ 5:37 4.4 U:37 1.1 6:S0 6.6
" L, W H W L W H W
>3 0-50 1.3 7:00 4.S 12:S3 1.5 7:14 6.8
!4 '" 1:45 0.7 8;15 4.4 1:25 2.0 7:53 6.1
'5 ' 2-41 0.0 9:23 4.4 2:15 2.3 8:42 «.J
•6 '" 3:33—0.5 10:26 4.5 3:04 2.6 9:2fi 6.3
'•7 '" 4-23— 0.9 11:23 4.7 3:52 2.9 10:09 6.3
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Prom.
I Due.
J
Samoa Humboldt May 21
Colon Panama .*. May 21
State of Cal |Oregon Ports May 21
Ignac. Marlscal Manzanillo May 21
Pomona Humboldt May 21
Bonita Newport May 2t
flumboldt Seattle May 21
Energla China and Japan May 21
Australia Honolulu iMay 22
L'matilla Victoria & Puget ScundjMay 22
Matteawan Tacoma IMay 22
Santa Rosa San Diejro May 21
Warfleld Oyster Harbor May 23
Crescent City... Crescent City May 24
Coog Bay Newport May 25 »
Columbia Oregon Ports.... May 23
Point Arena — Mendoclno May 2>
Arcata Oregon Ports May 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 2'v
North Fork Humboldt May 23
Corona ..I San Diego May 27
Curacao Mexico May 27
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Del Norte Oregon Ports IMay 23
t , , .
—
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! Destination. I Sails. I Pl?r.
WaL Walla Vic & Pgt S<1. May 21. 11 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 ami Pier 11
Zealaudia ». Cape Nome May 21. 3 pm I Pier 7
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 21. 2 pmiPler 2
North Fork.lHumboldt May 21. 12 m Pier 2
Sequoia ....|Cape Nome.... May 22, 3 pm Pier 2
Bor.ita Newport May 23. Sam|Pier 11
State of Cal Oregon Ports. May 23. 11 am! Pier 2t
Pomona Humboldt..... May 23. 2 pmlPier »
Kruger Tlllamook 'May 23. 12 m Pier 2
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 24, C pm Pier 15
Santa Rcsa. San Diego May 23, llamiPier 11
nmatilla ... Vic & Pst Sd.lMay 26, 11 amil^.er \)
Noyo Cape Nome May 26
St. Paul Cape Nome.... May 26
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 26
Arcata .".... Coos Bay May 2(5, 5 pm Pier 13
Cooe Bay... Xewport May 27, 9 am Pier 11
Ig. Mariscal Mexico May 23
Colon Panama May 2S. 12 m PMS9
Columbia .. Portland May 28. 11 am I Pier 24
lun rises • 4:55
iun sets...... •.....—...•.... • ......7:17
loon rises (third quarter) 0:09 a. m.
C Time Time ' Time Time
$ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H.W W; |.W ' L. W
w? TlT> 4.6 10:40 0.6 6:45 6.4 11:46 2.0
¦'¦ 5:37 4.4 U:37 1.1 6:S0 6.6
" L, W H W L W H W
>3 0-50 1.3 7:00 4.S 12:S3 1.5 7:14 6.8
!4 '" 1:45 0.7 8;15 4.4 1:25 2.0 7:53 6.1
'5 ' 2-41 0.0 9:23 4.4 2:15 2.3 8:42 «.J
•6 '" 3:33—0.5 10:26 4.5 3:04 2.6 9:2fi 6.3
'•7 '" 4-23— 0.9 11:23 4.7 3:52 2.9 10:09 6.3
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Prom.
I Due.
J
Samoa Humboldt May 21
Colon Panama .*. May 21
State of Cal |Oregon Ports May 21
Ignac. Marlscal Manzanillo May 21
Pomona Humboldt May 21
Bonita Newport May 2t
flumboldt Seattle May 21
Energla China and Japan May 21
Australia Honolulu iMay 22
L'matilla Victoria & Puget ScundjMay 22
Matteawan Tacoma IMay 22
Santa Rosa San Diejro May 21
Warfleld Oyster Harbor May 23
Crescent City... Crescent City May 24
Coog Bay Newport May 25 »
Columbia Oregon Ports.... May 23
Point Arena — Mendoclno May 2>
Arcata Oregon Ports May 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 2'v
North Fork Humboldt May 23
Corona ..I San Diego May 27
Curacao Mexico May 27
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Del Norte Oregon Ports IMay 23
t , , .
—
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! Destination. I Sails. I Pl?r.
WaL Walla Vic & Pgt S<1. May 21. 11 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 ami Pier 11
Zealaudia ». Cape Nome May 21. 3 pm I Pier 7
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 21. 2 pmiPler 2
North Fork.lHumboldt May 21. 12 m Pier 2
Sequoia ....|Cape Nome.... May 22, 3 pm Pier 2
Bor.ita Newport May 23. Sam|Pier 11
State of Cal Oregon Ports. May 23. 11 am! Pier 2t
Pomona Humboldt..... May 23. 2 pmlPier »
Kruger Tlllamook 'May 23. 12 m Pier 2
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 24, C pm Pier 15
Santa Rcsa. San Diego May 23, llamiPier 11
nmatilla ... Vic & Pst Sd.lMay 26, 11 amil^.er \)
Noyo Cape Nome May 26
St. Paul Cape Nome.... May 26
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May 26
Arcata .".... Coos Bay May 2(5, 5 pm Pier 13
Cooe Bay... Xewport May 27, 9 am Pier 11
Ig. Mariscal Mexico May 23
Colon Panama May 2S. 12 m PMS9
Columbia .. Portland May 28. 11 am I Pier 24
Kl'MCAL IXSTUUMEVTS.
A 8 v« represent the best make of pianos in
*v*ry trade, from Steinway down to low-
pncfd makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier tl:an those of other dealers,
we are the peop'.e from wfcom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, J6 cash, $6 per
month: other pianos $3, J4 and t5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Ktarny and Sinter t,ts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thtrr&enth and Brcadway. Oaklaad.
~^_«_ t
A CARLOAD of beautiful new style Decker*
Just received; parties who have been waiting
for t^es^e ttHI <io w-ii to call at once. MAU-
VA1S. 7C3 Market *t.
A FINH Packard jiar.o was sold recently to the
Berkeley Hall Association, 1. O. O. F.. by
the MAITVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Et
JT is not wise to throw away money on a sec-
ond-hand instrument when you can get a
flue row rr.e P o cheap at MAUVAIS. 7C3 Mar-
ket fct.
AN e'.ejrr.r.t KflB Curtaz mahogany case; a beau- ]
t!ful J4:n Vose walnut case for less than !ialf
price, rllphtW useJ: others SiP. 1*8. $13:-. UC0: ,
easy payments. UENJ. CUUTAZ & SON. 16
OTarrell Bt.
ABSOLUTKLY the c]<5*st and largest ho»*e :
west of rhif-aeo is KOHLKR & CHASirs!.
Sit, :s ar.d 2i OFarrell Ft.: pianos, organs an-1
nil other musical ir.stron-.er.ts of all Ermd** |
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: ever-
:hir.c noss'.tJe dor.e to please and satisfy the
cu «; "rner.
"WANT FID— Ten Fquare pianos and six organ*
for country pchou'.s. BYRON MAUZY, SOS
'TVst Bt.
> CCTIOX prices— Pianos at your own price for
•torage. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market ct.
ALMOST new; Standard upright piano: sacri-
ficed: leaving. S3S Webster, ne^r McAllister.
I HAVE corsE'.jrned my piano to warerooms. 12
Flood bldg., for itr.mediats sale; make offer.
A— STKINWAY upripht: fine condition: very
cheap. ERI'ENN. 208 Post Bt. I
$150 CASH will purchase a fine upright; call
at once. 1021 Van Ness ave.. room 7.
A ETEISWAT J'.ES: Installments $S. *5. V. HO;
rents «I up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis et.
EOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauiy Pianos. SOS to
812 Post «t.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. 6CHMITZ. II
McAllister St.. next Hlbemla Bank.
W. O BADGER 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins zithers, old and new. H.
ilVLLER. maker, repairer. I Latt'am place.
OFFICES AXt bTORES — TO LET.
TO let— Store and X rooms, on NW. corner of
Union and Leavenworth ets.; conducted for 13
ye&ra by l&st tenant. ___^
flO— STORB. counter, shelving; 3 living rooms;
cei'.ar. lOCg Natcrr.a St.. r.ear Eleventh.
OIL.
IT vxrn are buying o!l etock you better read our
fcider "Hew to Judge an Oil Company";
mailed free on epplfcatien. The International
Investments Co.. Her.ne h\it-. Lry Ar.r°>?.
FALMISTUV.
MME. NeergaaraT~Pres. Et. Germain Colleg- of
Palmistry; rr*&» 1 to t. Clt Geary, nr. Jonet.
l'EnsO\ALS.
THE lafiy wto met the gentleman at Harbor
View tome thre* or four months ago and epent
the afterr.oon with him. If she wishes to re-
r.cw the acquaintance, please address or call
e.t TOO Broadway and Inquire for L. S. A. ;
cail after 6 p. m.
FREE— Having cure4 myself after 20 years'
fem. suffering, will eenfl pres. to Buffering e'.s-
ters. V1RG1NLA. HALKSEN. 1226 Market.S.F.
II 50 mT? PETS' kid Fhoes for E»c a pair at THE
BFE HIVE SHOE CO.. 717 Market, nr. Third.
LEDERER'S Quintonica is what your hair
r.eeds, S'.c bottle; his Foamo Shampoo, Be pkg..
thoroughly cleanses the scalp. 112 Stockton.
FrIVATE d*t«>etlve work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. KAY, 357 Jessie Et.
LEDERKR Presses the hair In any style you
df-j=ire, pimple or elaborat?. t:>c; he uses Scheff-
ter'e <"*fiiorlne, 75<" box; restores the grayest
h«ir to natural color. 123 Stockton st.
LADIES* and pents' castoff clothing bought and I
Bold, Filverman, 9*4 Foleom; tel Folsom 11S1.
MIES EHELDON. chiropodist and business ad-
vice. J&0 Market tt.. second floor, room Z'.
Kl-'LL-IiRESP ani other suits bought; also old
jrold. Portland Loan Orfice, 25 Stockton »t.
AN desut *=utt f° r ?1" *5 from imported or do-
rr.frstic remnantf. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St.,
b^tw^er. Seventh ani Eighth.
ELECTRIC Tjrhts in every room— Winchester
Hotel, >4 Third Ft., near Market: 300 rooms;
TOo to JIM t>er nlpht; tl 50 to J6 per week;
frea ' bus and baesage to and f rcrn the f erry.
I) KTECTIVE— Honorable; confidential; eecrets
inviolate. Address b-x 490. Cal! effic*
V THOTOS at f2 per <?oz»n at FOWZER'S.
114$ Market ft., near Taylor.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott'? CurUnC K!ui«*; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old p-old and silver bought;
send postal. COI-EMAN'S, D06 Kearny Bt.
IF you wi?h full value for your cast-eft clothing
of,!! on B. OOHEX. jr.7 Third: tel. Black 4123. j
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
wn loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Geary ft., ground floor.
PUVSICIAXS AND BCBGBOXS.
DR. C. C. OTONNELL— OfCce~and~residencei
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC <llsea.«es treated; cures guaranteed.
L'R. GOHDJN. £f>nitarlum. til Pine et.
t)R. f-TYANVF Rheurratism Cure, fl; free to
poor every Wednesday. 36 Geary «t.
HIiAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALB.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 687 Market St..
Opposite Kearny.
Market «t. — £ frontages; north eide m.nd east
f'ie of Taylor et.; lease about expiring; In-
creased rental offered. I
172.000— Corner, near Market and Jones; 75
feet frontage; rare buy.
J42.E0O— Hents $400; lot 60xlS7:« feet; modem
bu!!<l!n*r; pays 10 per cent.
$22. 000— Fourth Bt., near Townsend; 137:Jx
127:6; near railroad ar.d warehouses.
. $2«.0C0-Vicin!ty Larkla and McAllister; lot
es.fxlEO feet; 2 frontages; rents $210.
(23,000 — Sixth «t_; 75 feet frontage; 4 (tores
and £0 rooms above; rents $200.
$IB,W>— 1SC2 Post et.; lot 30x137:6; 18 rooms
and every modern convenience; cost S35.bOO;
make offer.
lli.60(V-Half block from Market and Steuart
Ft*. ; brick building.
$12.500 — Ninth Bt. : dose to Mission; SS feet
front; 2 6tores and flats.
titOOO— Rents $100; let 100x117:8; Powell-st, car
l:ne.
$7250— Broadway, between Buchanan and I
¦Webster et».; lot S4:4V.x:32 feet; choic«-«t resl-
d*nf~e site.
jSOf«<>— « new Cats; rents $E6; lot 59x100 feet. i
JtVXt— « bay-window flate; rents $66; lot 48x
75; near Fixth and Howard.
JCV*— 1225 Buph Ft., iot 20x127:6; house of 14
rtK>rR»; must be sold.
$.VK>0— Powell et. ; S fiats; rents $C2.
J3200 — 4106 Twenty-fifth et.. near Castro; etore
and rooms; lot SOxll* feet.
13000— Rent* $40; S flats; I frontages; Val-
!*Jo «t.
S2750— 91 South Park; houoe and lot: 21x107 :«.
A. M. SPKCK & CO., CCT Market Bt.
$11.000— AT a sacrifice »
On account of bank foreclosure
A beautiful marine view let
Klegant location for Fwell flats ...'.
Frontage 60:5x127:6 deep; nortlr Bide Broad-
way, near Franklin. Apply R. McCOLQAN.
24 st.. room 3.
Ml>'T b* eold at once to close an estate; no
reasonable offer refused; lot 25x110; house t
roomK and bath: bitumen etreet: cement eide-
w&Jk: Twentieth Bt.. near Guerrero. Apply
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room i.
JTOOO— A BARGAIN; three elegant modern flats;
lot 25x100; marine view; rents $80 per month:
Jon-*, near Filbert. Apply R. McCOLGAN.
24 Montgomery ft., room 3.
A FINE modern hotfl. 40 roome; bar, dlnitig-
room. hall*; furniture bent; near city: popular
family resort; nice grounds, large trees;
*Pleri<!i<l n>hinR. hunting: on R. IJ. station.
country nuid. Krand view: buildings and all
J12.W): will exrhange. I OERMAN-AMEHl-
CAN. 34 Kearny et.
lift, E0>' PTTiTT \'i"; 2 handsome new flate, close
to town, in bert renting section of the West-
ern Addition: oontain «. 6 and 7 rooms; th'«e
flats are the bt-Ft investment for the money in
the marVr-l ; ir.rr- >rt
LTON & HOAO, 114 Montgomery 6t.
116.000-BL-SIXESS propertyTToT»TxSr.; old lm-
prev»mcat« ; oer.tf-r of large bu>-ines»; $100,000.
c' t-«-<-l?« burincsa property: lot slxUiO: corner
¦-,--- ¦.,,.,..«. ,, art <„,„...„.,.,!. r » r , t . n! .
JT» per mcith. I. H. GOLDMKVER. Real
Estate and Insurance Apent. 1223 Green st
$:;.CkX»— n.VE Western Addition business corner
on Ellis st.: 27'4 feet frontage, running to
rear street: rents $300; owner going to Phllip-
pir.ee: rr.ortgace «-an remain; for a few days
only. SCOTT & HARRIS. 21 Post st.
$Q50— RARE chance; Maaon-«t. corner: S-story
bay-window bunding and 2-story building*
lent t«-2 s*r month; let 20rSi:10 with L; al-
wa>* tented, liiauire at-JOll Mason «.
JCST completed— Klegant modern home; seven
r'tnvnr. l«ith; Shotwell. near 3''th; 50xlC7. H.
FEtOK. buiider. UhS Tapp st.; tasy terms.
FOR sal**— Two new houses on Carl st., near
Stanyan, on liberal terms; owner on prcm-'
ls»>s.
_____
4TOTTAGE for eale. 8022 Pierce at.
HKAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
IF you have property north of the Park, or
Homer' » Addition and the Mission, that you
want to dispose of, then call on \V. J.
GUNN. ESO California Bt. 1
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission »t.
HEAL tMA'lt — COU.Vi'Ki — For Sale
WILL BELL OR EXCHANGE.
10 acre*; t50 poach. 400 almond. 100 prune
trecu; large crop fruit goes with place; 7-room
m(xH'rri cottage; stable; well with horsepower;
J45CO; |2S0 mortgage; exchange Oakland prop-
erty. SALSBURY, 459 Ninth st.. Oakland.
!275<>— I >ESI KAIjLK country home: 20 arres
cholci-Ft rrutt land; l'x.' almond and 50 F^-lPct
fruit treec, S to 6 years old: new hard-finished
rerlc>nee; bam: other bldgs; new windmill;
school: de*irah!e neighborhood; by rail lVv hrs
frr.m S. F. 32 San Pablo av«.. Oakland.
ALIA HJNTA Tract Kan Pablo ave.. 3 miles
nonii o. berfceicy. near Santa Fe Railroad —
ValU> iaim by the acre. $13i> to J2J0. Call for
macs. etc.. en O. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. st.
FARM ioiii city realty; sale or exchange. L. L.
M. fAl.^B'JtlX. 4. : J Ninth at.. Oakland.
~KEAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— To purchase lot In Richmond for
cash. Box 2SC3. Call office.
KOOMS FOll HOUSEKEEPING^
AT~CJ Second— Double and housekeeping rooms,
Jl oO to $3; single, tl to $1 50; day, 25c up.
B\KKIi Upper floor; 3 sunny rooms, bath;
completely furnished; reasonable; references.
BUSH, 2i20— 2 furnished gunny front rooms for
lijiht' housekeejiins; adults only.
CALIFORNIA, S3£. near Powell— Lovely fur-
ni*hed rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
CLAY, 2421, near Fl'.lmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rear; rent j". _y
ELLIS, 329 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping: also other rooms.
FLOOR of three unfurnished rooms. Address
K. A., box 2111. Call office.
FOLSOM. £25— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly.
FOLSOM S34— 2 gunny connecting rooms; stove;
rloset; bath; private; $10; also 1 other. $5.
GEARY, 40S— Three nicely furnished rooms;
rent f20.
GEART. 1505 — 3 sunny connecting rooms, neatly
furnished; gas range; bath; run. water; ?16.
HARRISON, 731— Four rooms, furnished com-
pltte for housekeeping; large yard; bath;
rent tl€.
HATS. 461 — Bay-window flat: t rooms; bath;
convenient for doctor or lady In business;
J37 50^
HOWARD, 534— Large housekeeping room, with
a large closet.
HOWARD, 834 — Large, sunny p&rlons, complete
housekeeping, $2; suites, 110.
KEARNY, 22S, near Sutter— A front suite, $11;
gas, Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant ave.
MARTHA. 6, off Geary, near Mason — Floor 4
unfurnished rooms; no children; reasonable.
MINNA, 28— Housekeeping ; also single rooms,
75c and $1 per week.
MISSION, 945 — A large front room, bedroom and
kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, Sil— 2 rooms furnlehed for house-
keeping at your price.
MISSION. 11?1 — Nice housekeeping rooms; clean;
cheap: suite or single; no objection to chil-
dren.
NATOMA, 701, corner Eighth— 2 housekeeping
rooms, furnished, for man and wife.
OAK. 54— Sunny rooms; suitable for housekeep-
lng.
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny clean rooms furnished fof
housekeeping; yard, bath, range; separate en-
trance; $10.
O'FAItRELL. 742—3 nicely furninsWd house-
keeping rooms: parlor floor. $1S. $20.
PLEASANT, 28, bet. Taylor and Jones, near
Clay— A sunny bay-window suite; light house-
keeping; hath; gas.
POLK. 1620— THree sunny furnished rooms,
kitchen, complete: garden; bath.
PCWELL, 141—2 or 3 large sunny rooms, con-
nected; housekeeping; sink; gas; bath.
SCOTT, 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $S or $10 month.
FHOTtVELL. 217 — Two or three sunny connect-
ing rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
SIXTH. £61, rear— 3 large unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; cellar; water; rent JS.
STEVENSON. 642. bet. 7th and Sth— 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; central.
THREE to five elegantly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; all conveniences; rent reasonable!.
Addrtss LOUIS KUH. S2S Valencia st.
WEBSTER. 1560—2 rooms or entire floor, ele-
gant ar.d completely furnished for house-
keeplng; private family; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia St.
UOOMS TO LET — Furn. and L'nfurn.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE; 14S Sixth— Rooms
26c to $1 p*r night, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A-'-THE ELMER HOUSE," 324 Bush st.. ad-
Jointng the Ru5?s Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
BANCROFT. 14 Turk— Changed hands; well fur-
nished rooms; offices; suite, single; }G, $20 mo.
BURNETT, 141'5 Market Et. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTOX. 1206 'Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave. — Sunny corner; well turn.; rms. & offices.
ELLIS, 510— Handsome front, alcove; pleasant
parlors; also large and single room.
ELLIS, 518— Front suite, beautifully furnished}
also other elegant rooms; reasonable.
ELIZABETH. 12, near Guerrero — 5 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent 115.
FELL, 26— A sunny front room, running water,
two large closets: also other rooms.
FOLSOM. SC5, corner Sixth — Suits of 3 elegant
sunny corner rooms, FUitable for doctor.
FOLSOM, S65, cor. 6th (The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nfshed sunny rooms, single or 6uites;reasonbl.
FOLSOM. 1025— Sunny parlor eulte; Columbia
equare at foot of stairs; $15; private.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom' dated.
GEARY. 6]6— Large pleasant room; running
water; gas; bath; JS.
GOLDEN GATE. 727— Nicely furnished sunny
front room; gentleman; private; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 1526—2 unfurn. front rms.:
furn. kitchen, stove, sink, closets, bath; $10.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; lad If s' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; {1 E0 to SG per week.
HOTEL FVancisco— Elegant suites: single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. S29-Rooms from tl week up to $5;
ZSe to tl night; also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE* 1? — Large sunny furnished front room;
bath; telephone; reasonable.
JONES. 17C5— Four nice, sunny rooms and bath;
grand marine view; $13.
MASON. 213H— Nicely furnished front suite, hot
and cold water; also single rooms $1 £0 up.
MINNA. 6C7, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 3SS — Large furnished front tunny room;
1 or 2 persons; private family: gas; bath.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
PINE, 1100 — 2 or S unfurnished sunny corner
basement rooms; sink; range; yard; reasonab.
POST, 233— Finest transient rooms In the city;
hot and cold water; elevator.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROS EDALE House. 319 and 321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 2T.c to $1; week. Jl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE, 156 ' Ellis st.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to %l 50; week. $2
to $8: month, fS to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and -cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Arartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market— FurnishM and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, SIS— Elegantly furnished parlors: sun
all day; rent cheap; also single rooms, $6 up.
THE OAKR. 118 Thlrd^A~trood roomtng~house
Tor rr.tfl T>*'*r!e. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla «t. * ¦ ¦ -
IIOOMS AMJ BuARD. ~~
BELGRAV1A Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunay
bay-window rooms; superior board; J2S up.
HAIGHT, 252— Sunny rooms, with . board for 8,
$40 per month: also parlor *ulte for 2, $«0.
HOTEL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutter sts.—
Pleasant sunny single rooms and suites, with
board; first-class, with every convenience.
LAB PALMAS. 1S2S Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
tins.; private; bath; Bin. nna.; board optional.
ROOMS AND DOARD.
NEW family hotel: exceptionally good In every
particular; summer rates.- 807 California st.
PRIVATE family; large, refined home; cars or
walking distance: $25 single, $40 couple; no
children: gents only: reference required. A.
B., box 2109, Call office.
"VAN NESS ave., 944 (The "Wallace)— Rooms and
board; furnished and unfurnished; $20.
ROOMS AST) BOARD WASTED.
"WANTED— Place for little boy, age 7, to board
and attend gchool; £6. Address box 23S2. Call.
Sl'BCIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 413 Montgomery St., rooms 3-10; tel. 55S0,
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting aone. Hartrr.an Paint Ca. S19 Third.
SEWING MACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission St.,
near Fifteenth.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE. 9 stalls, large loft, water and gas,
plenty room for wagons, rent $18, at 1333 Fol-
Bom st. Apply at office. 1331 Folsom st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st..
tel. South 635 — Packing, moving and storage.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWK1TERS AMJ SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINs'lN~TTP^BWRITE^S^V'e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 266.
AUMEDA ADYERTISEMEm
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale In Alameda— A neat new modern cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath and hall. Including
street improvements, gas and cement side-
walks: Iron railings: the house was built to
euU owner; basement well cemented; would
be a pleasant skating room for children; also
plastered ceiling; best locality in town; garden
and lawn; terms to suit buyer; house can be
sold furnished or unfurnished. Apply 1710
Gravid et., Alameda; broadgauge Grand-st.
station.
$1000— COTTAGE 4 rooms. S In basement, large
lot; $3650, a fine house of 8 rooms and bath,
now building In center of Alameda. BO-ft. lot.
J. H. YOIJXO. owner and builder. 1243 Park.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
TO let- House of 6 rooms, bath. etc.. furnished
or unfurnished; larce garden; stable; lovr
rent; location broad-sauce station. Park st.
Call R. G. WILKE. IS^ Kearny Bt.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3500— To close estate; corner lot* 115x130: In
Berkeley: near Ashby Station and 1 block
from streetcar line; with Improvements,
house S rooms and bath; large barn, wind-
mill and tank. Addre!<3 EDWARD HOEGE-
MAXX, executor, or H. A. POWELL, attor-
ney, 615 Safe Deposit bids, San Francisco.
THOROUGHLY well furnished house. In the
very best part of Berkeley, to rent for 6
months: references required. Apply to MA-
SON & McLENATHEN. adjoining P. O.,
Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD REAL ESTATE.
BLOCK €4. must be sold, near 23d ave., 17th St.,
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT, 1112 East Six-
teenth St.. East Oakland.
FOR eale at preat bargain— Beautiful Oakland
residence. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR- SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
San Leandro Advertisements.
SAN LEANDKO REAL ESTATE.
$4000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc., near Pan Leandro. FIIANK & MCCAR-
THY. San Leandro.
J40OO-— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc., near Sar. Leandro. FRANK & McCAR-
THY. San Leandro. ,
DlVlliHSU .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No! 105 (fifty
centa per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market Ft., on and after Fri-
day. June 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 26, 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
W. D. K. GIBSON, Secretary pro tem.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 73*<twenty-
five ceDts per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on 'and
after Monday, May 21. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May 15, 1S00, at 3
o'clock p. m.
• H. W. THOMAS. Sectary Pro. Tem.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
RO W AHDENN Am Improvement Co.— Notice of
intention to change priucipal place ot busi-
ness—Notice Is hereby given that in pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
wardennan Improvement Co., a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed In the office of said cor- ,
poratton. it is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and chance Its principal place
" of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, In the county of Santa Cruz,
Etate of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from .the publication
cf this notice.
Dated at tha city and county of San Fran-
clfco. California, thin Sd day of May, A. D
1800. nOWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON, Secretary.
BANKRUPT sale — Groceries, wines, liquors,-
wapron, cart, harness, etc. For particulars
apply to H. L. SMITH, secretary Board of
Trade of San Francisco, 202 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the office of
the Lighthouse Engineer, Twelfth District
San Francisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., June
20, 1900. for furnishing Miscellaneous Articles
comprising Hardware, Engineer's Supplies,
Lumber and Paint. In accordance with speci-
fications, copies of which, with blank propos-
als and other Information, may be had upon
application to CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS, Major
Corps of,Englneers. U. S. A. •
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marrfage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DENTON— In this city. May 20. 1800. to ttfe wife
of Charles H. Denton. a daughter.
. ~maeriedT~
CHRISTIANSEN— GUY— In this city. May 14
-iy<W, by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Charles Chrls-
v tiansen and.Leona May Guy. ,v
PACKER— KROENKE— In this city. May 19
1900, by Rev. J. Fuendellnjr, Charles H*
Packer and Ella E> Kroenke.
Adalr, Annie Pheian, Patrick :^ : :'
Andrews, Peter D. • Puga, Felipe B. ;
IJrueur, John T. Schmidt; Man' A
Capelll, Sophie Shafer, Henry
Coblyn. Alexandrena Smith. Gertrude F
Dugan, Dennis C. Stange, John D
Hoffman. Charles Stephens, Claudia M
O'Neil, John Roblnet, Sarah
Pierce. Patrick Woolsey. Eburn H.
ADAIR— In Oakland. May 18, 1900, Annie Adair
a native of New York, aged 70 years '
CTFrlends are resuectfully Invited to at-
' tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 8-30
o'clock, from the residence of R.- C King
£17 JackBOii street, thence to.the Church oj
the Immaculate Conception, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
' Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland
Members of the Third Order of St. Francis
are respectfully requested to attend j the f u-
- neral. . ,
ANDREWS— In this city, May 19. 1900 Peter
D. Andrews, son of Mrs. Margaret and the
- ¦•¦ w
late Peter Andrews, a native of Scotland,
aged 66 years. - (Iowa City, la., and Wads-
worth, Xev., papers please copy.) . ¦
inrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
? pany, 2425 Mission street, jiear Twenty-first.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRUEUR— In this city. May 20, 1300. John Theo.
Brueur, a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
CAPELLI— In this city, May 19, 1300, Sophie,
dearly belQved wife of Michael Capelli, daugh-
ter of Martino and Estere Giovannoni, elster
of Mrs. A. Podesta. Mrs. M. Gabrielll and
Joe. Albert and Eddie Giovannoni, daughter-
in-law of Mr. and Mrs. C. Capelll, and sister-
in-law of A. Capelli, Mrs. • Mary Carli and
Mrs. Louisa Sigali, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 6 months and 14 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her
¦ late residence, 1811 Powell street, near Fil-
bert. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
COBLYN— In this city. May 20. 1900,' Alexan-
drena S., beleved mother of Alexander Cob-
lyn, a native of France.
DUGAN— In this city, May 20. 1900, Dennis C,
beloved son of Margaret and the late Corne-
lius Dugan, and brother of Nellie, Margaret,
T. J. and J. J. Dugan. a native of North
Brookfield, Mass., aged 29 years 10 months
and lit days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 690 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart -Church, where a requiem high mass
will be. celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city. May 19.* 1900, Charles
Hoffman, a native of Germany, aged 75 years.
O'NEIL— In the City and County Hospital, May
20, 1900, John O'Neil. a native of Ohio, aged
52 years.
PIERCE— In San Jose, May 20. 1900. Patrick
Pierce, beloved father of Mrs. W. H. Car-
mlchael, and brother of John and James
Pierce, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
PHELAN— In this city. May 19, 1D00, Patrick,
husband of the late Mary Pheian, and father
of John J., George W., Robert E. and Henry
G. Pheian and Mrs. J. H. Dwelle, a native
of Queenstown, Ireland, aged 69 years.
tC7"The funeral will take place this day
(MondajO. at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, IS Clara street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment private In Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PUGA— In this city. May 20. 1900, Felipe B.
Puga, beloved son of Gabina V. de Puga, and
brother of Arthur Puga, a native of Colima,
Mexico, aged 22 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of G. Iaccheri, 629 Broadway, be-
tween Stockton and Dupont. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
ROBINET— In this city. May 19, 1900, Sarah', be-
loved wife of Ix>uls Roblnet. and mother of
Lulu Rohinet and Mrs. William Chittick of
Los Angeles, Cal.. and sister of Mrs. James
Denny of Alameda and Mrs. Robert J. Bo-
land, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
39 years and 10 months.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraJ this day
( Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 437H Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem ma»3
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
i Calvary Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city/May 19, 1900, Mary A.,
beloved -wife of the late William Schmidt,
and dearly beloved mother of Maude E.
Schmidt and Mrs. James S. Fennell, and sis-
ter nf. Margaret Lenahan, a native of Ire-
land, agred E6 years.
tETFriends and acQualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 17S.1 Fifteenth street, near Guerrero,
thence to Mission Dolores Ourch, Dolores and
Sixteenth streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
SHAFKIl— At the German Hospital, May 19,
1900. Henry Shafer. beloved husband of Ellen
Shafer. and stepfather of Thomas Alexander,
Mrs. Frank Leveroni and Mrs. Fred Minkel,
a native of Baden, Germany, aged 55 years
11 months and 8 days.
(ETThe funeral will take plae» this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Comnany, 8
and 10 City Hall square. Please omit flowers.
Interment private. Cypresa Lawn Cemetery.
SMITH— In Kast Oakland, May 19, 1900, Ger-
trude Frances, Infant daughter of Gustavus
and Ada Smith, a native of Oakland, aged 1
month and 14 days.
STAN'GE— In this city. May 20. 1900. John D..
beloved husband of Carrie StanRe. and father
of 'Walter J. and Arthur A. Stance, and son
of Mrs. C. Stance, and brother of Mrs. F.
Grovermann, Mrs. C. Schmidt, Mrs. H.
Schmidt ami Lena, Henry, Jack and Earl
Stange, a native of Germany, aged 49 years
y months ami 9 days.
CKT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
STEPHEN?— In Esparto. Yolo County. Cal.,
May 20, 1900, Claudia Merlin, beloved wife of
W. A. Stephens of San Francisco, and mother
of Elrna J. Stephens, and daughter of Joseph
•I. and Julia Thomoklns, a native of Wll-
Ilamston. Mich., aped 36 years.
WOOLSEY— In Oakland. May 20. 1900, at 259
Twelfth street, Eburn Halght Woolsey, father
of Mrs. Carrie B. Mumhy, Mrs. Birdie W.
Sinclair, Frank K. and John J. W. Woolsey.
a native of Ulster County, N. Y., aged 63
years and 7 months. A member of Exempt
Firemen of Oakland.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 and 29 Fifth 'st. Tel. South 167.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALHfiRS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
S fflcAVOV <fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.l
K 1239 Market St., between, 8th and 9th. I
f Telephone Sou^ 247. 1
CRE/VVATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA,
If deceased was a member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge for cremation, a copper recep-
tacle for the ashes and organ service is $30.
The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
HAIXB.OAD TEAVXL.
| California Limited ||
+ Santa Fe Route j j
X T0 X\
I CHICAGO I
-f >
> • -?-
"4" Quickest running and moat luxurious +
"T train across the continent. Connecting -4V
"?* train leaves San Francisco 5 p. rn. Mon- -4>
tday. Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. >-
arriving In Chicago 2:15 p. m.. In time +
± to connect with all limited trains for 4.
A. New York. +¦
~t Leaves San Fran-
T nVERLAND ctsco at 5:30 p. m. T
¦f \JVt«l.MWl/ with p a i ace and "?"
-?• EXPRESS Tourist cars for +
•£ •*«?.%? Kansas City. St. +
1 DAILY Louis. Chicago and T
•? the East. "*"
-?• Our new line via Valley Ry. Division Is ¦?•
now open: through frelg-hts between +-
T San Francisco and Chicago are being _.
handled; passenger trains will take this "*"
+ route at an early date, which will be +
announced. This ls tha only railway -+¦
. owning Its own tracks between San a.
Francisco and Chicago, 2S50 miles. T^
•" * San Francisco office, 628 Market Street. "*"
-- Phone Main 1531; Oakland. 1118 Broad- 4-
¦> • way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose. ?•
¦* • 7 West Santa Clara Street. ¦?•
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1900, via Sausalito Ferry. Week
days — Leave San Francisco, 9:30 a. m., 1:45
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco. 1a.m.,
• 9 a. in.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m., 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
salito Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market St., San Francisco. Fare. '
round trip from San Francisco. SI 40. I
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, j
625KEaBNYST. Established ;
In 1*34 for the treatment of Pri vat«
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease rearing 011 bodyand mlndand
Sfcin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charge* low
Cares narantep.1. Callorwrtta
Or. J. JT. WtBBOlT. Box J»57, Jsaa Fraoclicci
ADCT1DN SALES
£» AUCTION SALESa
THIS DAY, MONDAY,
May 21st. at 11 O'clock A. U.. ¦ ,'\ .:•
AT SWITZEirS SALIC YAKD, TWELFTH
AND HARRISON STREETS.
I will s?ll- Two carloads of Horses and Hares
from the Oregon ranch, the same class of
horses as soli last U_9d_7; also 12 head of
Draught Maro«. suitable for contractors or
ranch work: 1 foi:r-year-old stallion, weighs
1600: 1 bay Mare, with colt by- her side, sirea
by Iris; 2 h^avy I>rayc;ht T»;irrs. w^i^h over
3400. This Jtock can be seen at yard3 u? to
day of sale, anil most be soM to highest bid-
fler. S. VATKP.'S. AuctUry-pr.
¦RAILROAD TRAVEL.
«o it uritii vac I no conrtiT.
IrActrra »txr_oj
Train* !<•»«•• :%••.» nir iluv to nrrli* >«•
MN mtXCMt'O,
.. - (Slam Lire. roor. of Jhirlst-t Street.)
(.sate — Pr.ou .Mav 13, 13:;.). — «*kiv*
• 7:i»'»» Ui '.:>i.i Sir'miu. K... .in. Vac&TilSo,
tt— ny_ it ?___——» *7:4.1*
••««>«» .v Sh»*ta fct ir.-sa -¦ D»»U. Willi»T»s (for
ttMtfetl SpftoBfc WiU.>vvs, Uwi
Ulurt". tVriiaitd •7:43*
"7::il> t Ma' rii-ri. -"hii II*:mi>m, V.i!lej>>. Napa,
l'itlUt» K it »im1 S»nt» Ui*a *a:l.1r
••»:»<>.» DivU. \\,H,.i:*!.d. KuighU Landing.
Marjstihcr. <>, ,w.; o «7:i.1r
•*iO»* AtUiiiK Kj[*_*— Og&M ami I'.A-i '11:15*
"'liiiMSm J>ise. lit- rinurr. Hlockton,
lime, rti»CT»infi:t<i, 1'Uev nille,
M.»rr»»M«\ C'bMti. l.'ml lUnlT •l:llp
•ft:3<M U»fc»>— f, CbtDHM (for Wscmlie).
»mm>i_ CmrteM.. "4:lSp
•»;OO» Iii>nrtr.», Hum awl Way «Utitma. *l I : «i»
'S-.uim Lii< AnfHea Expmt — > H«nbieK
Tcuoy, Ijlt.'ifiii), EtfOcklon, -McICeJ
»mI»>CttKi •«:!»•
•AMI ValUK M*rtlu.-x •¦¦•! W»j> Stations «fl:l^r
•10:00* Thi- OTetUu.l U ni:e<l— Ogtfen, Den-
»er. i > i »..;v Chioi«» •»: ISp
'II:MOa Nil ¦». Utcnnote, Stockton, Hacra-
ai-nt>>, Me:i<li'ta. lUiifurtl, VU&lia,
HVruwina *tit*r
•l4:O*t» i;.»jiv.tr.:rt. Nile* ami Way 3Utiouf . *2:|.^p
t«:»»l»l- S.4..-i..i».-i.t.. Ki»»r H'»in«n tli:OI>*
•:t:OOr ll..y<T»i,l.. Nil s»n.I Way Ststlons. *3>t»p
• |:OI»r Mill infr. nnn lt;>ini>n, Vaiiejo,
Ntpit. C*li!«l..«>«. SmiU Ron •»>!.¦»»
•I:O»r !£¦ iiicia, V.'lnten. Sacr»inei#o,
Wim»II»im1. Ki.IvI.U l-udli.tf.
M*r>-»»i'.l-. Oto.illB •!•:«!>*
•Ii:t'»p Nile*. Sail J...»ea.i.l Sr.>ckU)M •~:|.1p
•.»:O»rTlw Owl I.iioitt-.l — Jracr. ttetmn.
i:.ii».-i-.ti'--il. .S»hjms f .r .-iu,t; Uar-
i.;ir*. I., s Ai:Kf|cs *9:13«
•3:00i» Fresno l'_«engrr— Martiiici. Lath-
r. ;>. St, cKt-iii. .M er»<>. !'«il.U
(l_yniondfor Yoaemitf). fiuuOL.'ltiiaf
•S::i»p N'-iw >rlrauc Kxi.rsn - l;.»... -r^ 1 -1.1.
.HhiiU !mrli.*lu. hm _y»l_» I'-ni-
inZ, £1 I'vu. I.'eit (MnUM and
Kait *IiI9i
•.¦V.3OP M.uif* I'h lIontR— AtlRiitlc XiDieM
fo» M.>1»«« •...! Kiut •Atl.iP
•U:ii<»p HafwMtds, Nile* »i.<l H«n Jos> •7ii»»
(»:•><»!• Vallsju *ia:I.1p
•MiOOr Oriental Mail-Ogilen. Cheyenne.
O:uah». (,'tiic»gi) 'IlilS*
•«:««pOfimjtal .Mail-Ogdea, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago # 4:I3p
tTiOOr V»!>j... r-.n l.'iMta and W»» Ht»-
tiuua :«:-¦» -ir
•HiOSp «>ri-£<m mid CWIfornta rTiprn— .n»o
|MIM*I«, -U.irj.-.iii.- ItxilililiK,
r.irtUn.l. I'.itjvf So I ai.,1 i:.nt "1:15a
C»4ST DITIsION (>i : ,ri«M» «i:ii. s e).
<EV»>t '.f M.rk.t Strict.*
t~:43» Bant* Vm Kxcur.iiou fur Santa
Cruz and 1'riiicipal I Way Stations ift:03r
•Itl.1* Newark, On ti-r«i;i^,M»ii .lone, Kfltiin.
UoiiMerCri-elr.MaitUCmxaiKl Way
HutNiim 'etaiip
V*i I *r Kevatk. Omlervlllv. I an .Into. New
Almailfti. l'Vlt..n. ffnlllityi « - rrok.
Santa t th- au<l I'riucipal Way
Statlima 1 1»:-1«4
•l:l.1p Newark. Han J_M| LwOatos «»:5I»4
»ll:l5p ClenwiK.il. Fgltoti. Hanl» Cru« eW:5i>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR riUiClSCO-irjct c* li.rj.i Slrnl (Sll» S)—
**7:15 900 I1OO«.«. H:33 *2:33 13:C3
•i:00 J5:I3 •|:Wrji.
fi#m 041U19 -Tool •':!fa« I *<f. — *»!.UO C00 10 00».H.
tU:C3 *1:S3 t2X3 '3:03 H:S3 -3::3r.M.
to AM' iHTis:t».N iDrwulttwfg*).
(Hi Ir. I »!mi lo,vrisei.<l St<)
ftilttA Ocean View, .South Sam Knucuco.. ioTitilp
t?:»o« San Jimu H...I \V»j tttaUunn (Net?
Akmdm W.-.i,,.., ! m.h > i •l:8»p
J7:ao» Sunday Kscunion f"r .S^n Joae,
8anta Cruz, I'acfBu Gio*e and
Principal Way .Stations J«:S3p
•»:««« Sai. .!..«.-, Tim riuiw, .Haittit I'r.u,
1'auillo dmtrn. I'ago C.lilr*, .Sail
l.uU < H.i»,..,. Surf. 1 j...c a»J
l'lii.ci;.al Way Stnli..i.» *4:IO?
•l«;li»« Bau .li.ae .i.i.l Way atatkma »«::»*
*llt:i»A n«nTii— TrjinthMiiiiiliraj'Hiilliiin *5r:top
f4i4.-»r San Matro. kr.Hr.Kxl, M^i.Io Park,
Talo Alto, Hanta Clara, M»n ¦Immi
Tres finoa. Santa Crux, BafllMMk
M«miqM«l rapine <;r..»e tl»::t«t
? »ia«rS»n.l,M,,,,,i \V»r St»lii.i.« •1si*»p
t I:i5i- .Saii.J.uieai.il Principal Way SteUoaa *»: »"»\
fSjOOrSaii Jotf, Loa datot an.l Principal
W»y Htntious »»:«»« A
•.1:3»r RmnJowwd Priucipal Way Station* fStSS*
•H:3«r Sai. .!..«- an.l W.iy .Stations •»:*»•»*
«tl:4*r Sa;i Jo^r »iut Way .Sf.atU.m *7;3Op
A for Morning P f or Afternoon.
"Daily. t-iunrtar eir»pt^d. J .Sunday on!y
» Saturday only.
oSatnrrl»T»nil Pi. ••¦'•- >»wwte»Md .Uondir
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
3L.BSSEE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TISuron Ferry, Foot ot Alarket St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN ftAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:C0. 11:00 a. m.; 12:M,
3:30. 5:10. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5«
and 11:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:SO. »:Sa»
6:00. 6:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-4:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. ra.: 12:43.
1:40. S:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:5s and 6:35 D. m.
BUNDAT8-!:W. 1:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 2:40.
E:05, 8:25 p. in.
Bet-areen San Francisco and Schuetien Part
iam« »chadul« aa above. a
I>ave J In Effect. 1 ArrtT»
(Ban rranclsco. (Apr. 15, 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J 1 Sun- I Week
Day. | d»y». f Destination.) day. | Days.
T:80«m| 8:00 »ml Novato. 10:40 am 1:40 ara
1:30 pm »:30 am Petaiuma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
6:13 pm; 5:00 pm, Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:20 pra
Fulton.
1^0 am Windsor. 10:23 aa
Healdsburs.
Lytton.
Oeyservlllo.
t:S0pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:S0pm
7:»0 am! I Hopland I 110:25 am
t:83 pm| 8:00 amf and Uklah. [ T:33 pmj 6:25 tn
7:50 am i 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernerilla. ?:3S pm!
1:30 pm I «:20 PM
7:30 am 8:00 mm Sonoma 0:15 ami 8:40 am
and j
1:10 pm 3:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm; 6:20 pra
7:30 anil 8:00 ami 110:40 am;i9:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| SebastcpoL I 7:33 pm| 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whtte Su?phur Springs: at Fulton
for AJtrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservllle for SkaKss Springs: at Cloverdal»
for th* Oeysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlng'*. Highland Sprtturs. KelseyvUle. Carls-
bad PprlnKS. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart!ett
Bprlngrs; at Cktah Tor Vichy Springs. Saratov*
Bprtnir", Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Sprints, i'pper Lake. Pomo. Potter VaMey.
John Da/s. Rlvprslde. LifTley's. Bucknell's.
Panhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Git's Hot
Pprlncs. Mendoclno City. Fort BrarR. "West-
port Csal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle, Cummins.
Sill's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. BcoU*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round tr!t> tickets at
reduced rates.
¦ On Sunday round trip tickets to an points)
fceyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket nfflcen. «M Market St.. Chronicle b!d«,
H C. WHITINO, R. X. RTAN.
1 General Manager. Pen. Paw. AgroC
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. *S:30, »:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:43. *1:4S. S:li, 4:15. •3:15. 8:15. 1:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *3:C0. *9:00. •10:00. 11:00. 11:39
a. m.; 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. *Z:ii, B:00. 8:60. 7:i>
p. m.
11:60 a. m. do«* not run ta San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*> run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 6:33. *l:30. 7:50. S:40. '10:1a «.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at •(i:4." and 10:20 p. in.
SUNDAYS— «:15. *%:(M. •9:30. »ll:00a. m.; »12:0O
m.: 1:00. 2:13,.»3:30. 4:30. *S:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:20
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 9AN' FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:52. <S:43. 8:00. 8:53. 10:10 a.
m.; 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:M. 5:30 p, m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
PUNDAYS— «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: U:li
l:» t:JOt S:43. 4:55. «:13. 7:05. 10:39 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN A
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
»:15 p. m. Baturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:13 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays czcepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a- m. Bundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
13:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations,
WeeHy Gall $1.00 per Year"Another Improvement in the new bat
tleships is the elimination of the 13-lnch
gun and the substitution of the 12-inch,
which is easier handled, longer lived and
less costly in firing, and yet quite as ef
fective. It costs $550 each time a 13-inch
gun is discharged. I am of the opinion
that the caliber of the guns will still be
greatly reduced, and that In ten years
improved 10-inch guns will be the heaviest
used in the navy. They can be handled
with greater facility, fired more rapidly
and made just as effective. Experience
has proved that rapid-fire guns are the
most effective. Marksmanship will be an
important factor in naval battles. Every
vessel must have some vital spots. Light,
rapid-fire guns can be so handled that
these spots can be reached more easily.
When a ship's vitals are pierced she can
be no longer in the fight.
"I am in favor of building ships in our
own navy-yards, not to the exclusion of
other shipbuilding yards, but to give
stead* employment to our workmen, and
thereby secure a force of men who will
be reliable and valuable. The repair work
in our navy has become an important
matter. When a vessel ends a cruise she
needs repairs, and the work must be done
properly. That means a large force of
men.* My idea would be to commence the
construction of a warship at each navy
yard, calculating that.it would require
four or five years to complete the work.
When a vessel comes*ln from sea and
needs repairs put the entire force at
work on It and finish up the Job. When
the work is done let the men return to
the construction of the new ship. In that
way we shall always keep men and ma
terials available for any emergency."
what the position of the vessel they can
be handled with equal facility. By means
of electrical appliances these turretB, con
taining guns that weigh from 400 to 500
tons, can be moved with great rapidity.
By a slight movement of the hand the
ponderous turret can be swung on a circle
with an arc of 3G0 degrees In one minute,
and stopped at any time on a hair line
without any damage whatever to the ma
chinery. The power is even at all times,
no matter what the position of the ship.
Tests have proved that a single heavy
shot landed on the tunet at close range
will not disturb the machinery; and it is
not probable that more than one shot
will be landed in the same place during
a battle, for the experts tell us that In
a radius of one mile the chance of one
ship hitting another is about 1 in 20.
Rear Admiral Philip Hichborn.
|7 X the opinion of Rear Admiral Philip
Hichborn, Chief Constructor of the
|^ Navy, this Government is making as
" rapid progress as possible toward the
position of foremost naval power In the
world. It now ranks but fourth, and if
the naval programme of Germany goes
through will drop to fifth place. But ten
years of such activity in the construction
of war vessels as is now being exhibited
will make a wonderful change, j England
comes first on the list now, with France
a close second and Russia third. The
United States Is a poor fourth, but she is
making great strides toward closing up
the gap.
The admiral likes to talk about the new
navy, in the construction of which he haa
been an important factor. . He It was who
was selected in 18S4 to visit Kurope and
study naval architecture and to secure all
the information possible for the building
of a navy of which the Government could
be proud. He was given full authority
to purchase all the materials and tools
that in his opinion would be necessary for
the work. He spent six months abroad,
and brought back with him plans and
suggestions that have since guided him in
his work.
"Since wo have entered upon this new
era of naval construction," he said In an
interview at the Palace yesterday, "over
300 war vessels have been added to our
navy, of which 200 were designed and built
by the Navy Department, and the re
mainder, principally .auxiliary vessels,
added through purchase. I have been per
sonally connected with the. designing of
every ship in the new navy, arid with
those under construction and contem
plated. We have now about sixty new
vessels under construction, varying. In
size from a battleship of 14,000. tons to the
smallest torpedo boats and the submarine
boat Plunger, which is an' improved type
of the Holland submarine boat, which has
proved so successful in 'a series of trials
extending over two years.
"The new naval bill calls for the con
struction of three new battleships of the
Pennsylvania class, which will be above
15,000 tons each, have a speed of nineteen
knots and will be the 'largest and most
powerful battleships afloat. They are to
be fitted out with the latest electrical ap
pliances for . auxiliary power— machinery
that now seems well nigh perfect — and
will carry twelve-inch guns of the most
Improved pattern. So successful have
the trials of the Holland submarine boat
been that the bill also calls for the con
struction of five more submarine boats of
an Improved type. This number does not
include the Plunger, which Is already
under way. The work now being done
will require probably three years to com-,
plete. although many of the vessels will
be llnlshed in much less time. -Just at
present the shipyards have all they can
I do.
"The progress of the age haa been won
derful. When I entered the Mare, Island
Navy Yard, in 1861. we were building
wooden ships. The transition from wood
to Iron and iron to steel has been so rapid
that it almost passes comprehension.
From auxiliary steam and sail power we
have paswed to full steam power and al
most mastless vessels, and now electricity
has entered the Meld and made the moat
wonderful change of all. > We have the
most powerful engines of war afloat that
the mind of man can design, but. we siill
know but little of the actual value of mod
ern arms and heavy guns. The late war
taught us little, because there was not at
any timo a stand-up fight between two
steel vessels. Such a battle would be
short but decisive. . :
"The chief characteristic of the battle
ships.riow. under construction will be the
wonderful electrical appliances used in
giving them auxiliary power. Here you
are building the Wisconsin and Ohio, and
in the East the Illinois, Maine, Alabama
and Missouri. They have inclining tur
rets, so evenly balanced that no matter
Legal blanks, diaries, memorandum
books, pocket knives, fountain pens, play-
Ing cards, money belts, and other goods
that, you .will need if .you '.are going to
Nome or going to stay at home at lowest
prices in our Stationery:. Department
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. street. •
Two TToops "Will Start for the Na
tional Reservations TMs
, Morning.
Troops F and G of the Sixth Cavalry
will leave the Presidio early this morn
ing under command of Major Louis H.
Rucker, "on their way. to ' tbe national
parks. Major Rucker, -with Troop F, .will
take station at Yosemlte Park, arid Troop
G, under Captain Wilcox, will take sta
tion at Sequoia Park. The three officers
of "each troop will be inthe detachment,
with such surgeons as may be necessary
to care for the health of the men.
The departure of six officers from the
Presidio just at this time will make guard
duty a serious matter , for those that re
main. Guard duty comes around .with , a
frequency, that Is not at all pleasant, and
when the cavalrymen go It will be almost
constant. i It. will be the same. with^ the
CAVALRYMEN TO LEAVE
THE POST FOR PARK DUTY
enlisted men, for; the troopers have been
doing . their full share of guard % duty.
There is not a particularly large garrison
at the post even with the two cavalry
troops, and so the only hope is the con
valescent companies. One will be formed
to-day, but there is no officer for it, and
it will have to await the arrival of some
officer Manila -bound who can stop over
long enough to get it into shape.
Corporal Henry Teller of Battery N
Third Artillery, stationed at Alcatraz,
died suddenly Saturday morning.
Despite the melancholy example set by
Bergin last Friday, when he was shot
dead by one of his guards, Harry Y.
Rhaurn, a garrison prisoner, made a
break Saturday and got safely away. He
was awaiting trial for some Infractions
of the post rules.,
Dr. W. H. Mays resumed practice 1118
Sutter, cor. Larkln; res.. Hotel Granada.*
Closing out ladies' tan ties at 75c per
pair at Monarch Shoe Store, 134S Mrkt. •
A lecture was delivered last night at the
Academy of Sciences Hall before the Uni
versal Brotherhood. Theosophists of
America, by Dr. Jerome Anderson on the
subject. "The Memories of Our Past
Lives." A large audience' was present
Dr. Anderson explained from his point of
view why people do not remember their
past lives. He ascribed it to their dual
nature, the animal part of which cannot
remember, while the higher part, the soul
floes remember but !» not permitted to
express itself. He argued that remem
brance would follow the possession of
pure aspirations and living the right kind
of life.
Memories of Past Lives.
Henry Austin Adams, the distinguished
lecturer who is to deliver a series of ad
dresses in Metropolitan Temple under the
auspices of the Catholic Truth Society,
arrived in this city yesterday and is now
registered at the Grand Hotel. He. will
be accorded an enthusiastic reception to
night, the occasion of his first lecture, by
the Catholics of this city and surround
ing towns. The subject of his discourse
to-night will be "The Story of My Con
version." As everybody Is anxious to
hear the reasons which influenced the
brilliant scholar to leave the Episcopal
church and embrace the Catholic faith it
is expected .the hall will be crowded. -.
Lecturer Adams Here.
TntppT** OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flank. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
The veterans of the Civil War Associa
tion met Saturday evening and discussed
the civil service situation. It had been
decided to hold a State convention of vet
erans of the Civil War In this city some
time In the near future and to arrange
for it the following committee was ap
pointed: W. F. Howe. D. M. Cashin,
John Hiprpins, W. H. Pratt. A. S. Rock
wood, James Bourke, William J. Rud
dick and Martin Murray. This committee
will be added to from time to time as the
occasion demands.
Veterans Discuss Civil Service.
Max Metzl, an Oroville tailor, was ac
cidentally asphyxiated by gas in his room,
616 Bush street, yesterday morning. The
Coroner was notified and the body was
taken to the Morgue.
Deceased was a member of the firm of
Schlamm & Metzl, merchant tailors of
Oroville. He had lately come to this city
on business and was staying in the house
in which he met his death. He had an
aversion to gas and refused to use the Jet
in his room. He made a special request
of his landlady to furnish him with a coal
oil lamp, and he was using it when as
phyxiated. One of the gas jets was in a
deplorable condition. The slightest touch
would make the key revolve in its socket.
It is thought Metzl struck It while remov
ing his clothing, and did not smell the
escaping carbon-monoxide when he retired
to rest.
That his death was accidental is borne
out by the fact that his Sunday clothes
were placed on a chair at his bedside
ready to be donned the following morn
ing. Among the effects fiound in the room
by Deputy Coroner C. H. Flynn were a
number of cards disclosing his identity
and a bank book on the Humboldt Sav
ings and Loan Society showing- a credit of
$117 37. Deceased was deaf and dumb. He
was a native of Germany and about 25
years of age.
DIED BY THE FLUID
HE MORTALLY DREADED
A Day's Session Saturday Included
Business, I»unch. and the
Drama.
All of Saturday Golden Gate Hall was
filled with the members of the Alpha Sig
ma Sorority. There was a convention in
the morning, lunch at noon, a farce in the
early afternoon, and the rest of the day
was spent in dancing. It was the an
nual State convention of the society, and
the occasion was one to be remembered.
The annual election resulted in the
choice of the following officers: Miss
Elise Wenzelberger. M. D. S.; Miss Mary
Jewett. S. M. D. S.; Miss Maud Cheek,
treasurer; Miss May Norton, correspond
ing secretary; Miss Dorothy Jones, secre
tary; Miss Lola Wenzelberger, publisher
of the catalogue. This last office was the
outgrowth of a decision on the part of
the convention to publish yearly a cata
logue of all the members of the order. A
revised constitution, an Instrument mod
eled upon the former constitution, was
discussed and adopted.
After the business meeting: there was
an elaborate luncheon served by the city
chapter to Its four sister chapters, who
were, in everything but the business of
the session, the guests of the city chapter.
The absence of orthodox beverages Inter
fered not a bit with the oratorical part of
the luncheon, for lemonade was plentiful,
and served the purpose admirably. Miss
Klise Wenzelberger. the new presiding of
ficer, was toastmistress. Under her in
troduction the following toasts were re
sponded to: 
"The Sorority Spirit." Miss Margaret
Webb; "What Father Time Has Done For
Alpha Sigma," Miss Florence White:
"Chapter Extension." Miss Eunice Jef
ferp; "Innocence Abroad," Miss Effie
Kroll: "Sisters," i_. ss Kessie Pack; "A
Few Remarks." Miss Meda Block; "What
the Future May Have in Store for Alpha
SiKma," Miss Dorothea Wieland.
After the luncheon the farce, "A Pro
posal Under Difficulties." by John Ken
drick Bangs, was produced. The cast was
as follows: Miss Dorothy Andrews, Minn
I»u Guthrie: Bob Yardsley. Miss Lilian
Aitken: Jack Barlow. Miss Anita Wie
land; Jennie. Miss Marjorle Dunn. Miss
Dorothea Wieland was stage manager.
She coached the actresses and superin
tended the Btagingr of the piece and the
scenery. It was a decided success.
It was a strictly "girls' affair," not even
a toast to "The Men" being on the pro
pramme: but it was as enjoyable as those
thine* always are. and the Alpha SiKma
looks forward to another reunion like that
of Saturday.
Circular Sent to the Various Schools,
Giving^ the Rules Governing
Spectators.
A circular of information regarding the
last of the athletic games of the gram
mar schools has been sent out to the
nchools of the city. The burden of the
circular Is "keep off the campus" and
"keep the children oft* the campus," but
there is other information. These facts
aro sat forth: The games will be held at
Kighth and Harrison streets at 2:30 o'clock
to-morrow 'afternoon. Seats are 25 cents
apiece, and they are reserved only to the
limits of certain sections. If any one
wishes a good seat in the section in which
he has bought a chair he will have to
go »»arly and get m>xt the outer rail. Fish
horns and school colors are recommended
to the school children as a means to make
a noise. To further the general din it is
suggested that schools fix upon some par
ticular side to each contest, in order that
th»y may be unanimous in their rooting.
The events will be a five-inning baseball
game, a tug-of-war, a football game,
another tug-of-war. another football
Bame, another tug-of-war and the foot
ball windup.
• Tickets may be had at the office of the
Deputy Superintendent of Schools The
games are for the benefit of the Teachers'
Annuity and Retirement Fund. The prizes
are valuable trophies. It is expected that
the tournament thus started will become
a permanent thing in the School Depart
ment.
WINDUP OF THE SCHOOL
CHILDREN'S TOURNAMENT
AT THE THEATERS.
(FZ ELDOM hss the pocial sky of this
city been crossed by as many
Czz—JJ shooting stars as are crossing It
now. Nobility in every form from
a Bamn to a c^ueen throngs the hotels
llfce first nijrfcters in a foy<»r and in the
blaze of all its titular glory mere com
moners seom pressed into the shade. It is
do court nor diplomatic convention that
attracts them hither; it is only a coinci
dence. Some are bound east and some
Trr-st. bet meeting here they do not fra
trrnixe. smA each icons his own Tray or
seefcs hk ot.ti ?o!!tude, regardless of the
fact that combined they might enthuse
the T>oop!e and instill a little of the mon
arciiicaj yjiint into an cLherwise demo
cratic &JT.n!ra!ty.
JMnce Alexander Polgorouyki of St. Pe
trrs-Nr?. veto arrived at the Palace Hotel
Saturday, has cotne here a? a representa
tive of the Kussian Foreign Offlc*? to as
sirt 5n the organisation of a company to
i>e known as the R'JssiaTi-American Ccm
rr.ercia.1 Coin; v ar.y. the object of which
xri'A b<? to C5tab;i«=h i-orninerciaJ relcliors
lw-Twe«*n Sili*Tian ports arid San rrun
cisrr.. The I*rincc- stated to a Call re
jortcr la*; night that the Itu?«ian Gov
ernniesi lias graiitru larre commercial
a.r.fl laicise concessions in Siberia to him
tcif and to til* 'Iranfi Duke Nicholas.
Tvhas* reprej^KTMi've will arrive here to
mrrrow. English capita] is also inter
fstcii. The clijcct cf the combination is
to 's:tbJ:*h a line of steamships betw*«Mi
tblm por\ i^id th«* terrmnaJ of the gr«*at
Trar.s-£?:VTiJ»ri Hailroad. wWoh •will «:d
xfc*- deYclnrrnifiu <J- the riches of Siberia
en«i will phut Japan (rat of the S'.bTian
trars-Pacific tr*d<\ which ii now controls
•¦yoT pome m<iT>ths." ssM Prince L>oigo
rouski. "'I hav»- been in oorrf-por.dfno'' by
snail end wire with the leidintr business
nj»n in this city cna-jeming our pUrc
BSd J srn now here to meet and talk with
th^m p^r? orally and also to discus.* the
Tr.a'.ter with sJro pomnifivja! bodies of
vour city, such a-« the <^baniber of Corn
rnt-rce. All froo<T5 fruin Siberia to points in
thf United States and from the United
BtateM to Siberia now go through Japan.
We want a direct lice and want to shut
out Japan enirely. Th<» concessions
¦which \v~ hav.- s»rar<><1 ire important.
euch af= the rf>«3'jnloa and In some cases
th- entire eUrr.ir.ation of duties on Ameri
can poods pntfrinir Sibcri.in ports from
Uj.- 1'nited gtiit*-* direct.
•*\Y> have l3nd grants and mining con
«?e«sioT!s an.J If t« cuji tcak« the agre<»
m«nt wp desire we are pr» i pare<1 to build
up Siberia and open its immense trade to
this country. 1 have traveled throueh
Siberia <-xs<5Tis!vely and iras there no
I&t^r than last year. The trans-Siberian
rw'lrca'1 will be coirs pi <"t»»d within two
years, rr.nkir.s allowance for all delays,
en<5 rrobeMy much sooner. Now is the
time lo act. \Ve want clo«* trade rela
tions with San Frar.riseo that will bene
fit both oomuries commercially. "U'e have
c-im<= there to offfr a rair pT-r>T)nsiUon.
"Trie Louse of thr- Grand Duke Nlch
n'.nf is to sappiy the financial bacWn?
from Russia. Its repre?<?n?ative. M. von
I-arlarsUi. a son ff the famous Colonel
vnn I.arlsrski. aid-de-cainp to the late
Orar.d Duke, will arrive to-morrow. I
met bin for the fr-?t time in New York.
I undorFtand that Sir Carle Johnstone of
Txindnr. who will arrive at the fame
Count Alexander George ValaUR.ir, who
hails from Austria, is a guest at the Cali
fornia. He is traveling for pleasure and
is booked as a passenger for Hawaii.
And there is Iviliuokalani. ex-Queen of
the Hawaiian Isles, who is going home to
end her day? in the land that once was
her own. H*»r.t by age. her spirit broken
by the trials cf a conquered ruler, her
health gone and her fortune shrunk to a
pittance, she has no thought but to die
among her people. She stays in her rooms
in the California Hotel, seeing no one and
leaving only To take her meals. She is
going home on the next steamer.
IJaron I>eo von Rosenberg of New York,
who gained local fame several months ago
by carrying a lantern through the dark
streets of San Francisco, is a guest at the
Palaoe. He has discarded his lantern, but
not hi.« riewa in regard to Mayor Phelan's
farcical fooiiomy in putting out the city's
lights. Now th«» liaron either travels on
Jiphted srroets or takes a cab.
Another foreign gentleman of note and
royal descent stopping at the Palace is
Admiral Armand du Plessls de Richelieu
of Bangkok. Siam. ¦who bears the name
ar.d is a scion of the family of the fam
ous Rod Cardinal. He arrived on the
st> amship City of Peking yesterday.
Marquis A. Terrero Ventimiglia. a young
Italian nobleman from Turin, is at the
California, accompanied by Kmilio Barba
roux of Turin and M. Sannar of Rome,
sons of wealthy families. The three young
men are making a tour of the world. They
spent two months in India hunting big
gam». and saw the sights of Japan and
<"hina ap they carno along. After "doing"
California they will proceed to New York,
thence home.
time, represents English capital. I am
here to represent the Russian Imperial
Foreign Oflice. If the commercial men
of tills city will give the prograjnrae their
support and agree to aid us in the devel
opment and building up of Siberia it will
mean much to San Francisco."
In all the world thera is no' more lonely
spectacle. Alive, he is of interest only
that he may serve his term; dead, he
leaves no place to be filled, no memory to
be honored. His only privilege is to occu
py the grave no one can deny him; his
only favor is the prayer he so ' sorely
needs.
There will be no pall-bearers, white
gloved and trimly, uniformed: no band
wailing a dead march, no men with rifles
to burn powder over his open grave, no
bugler to blow the soldier's farewell.
There will be no flaRs at half-mast, no
sentries to salute, no man to doff his cap.
The wagon with its neglected load will go
through the lines unheralded and un
noticed; and the man will pass from
memory with the last shovelful of earth.
He may not even be burled In the uniform
which he has disgraced, and his body will
be hurried out of sight lln.e a thing un
clean. He is a man without a home or
friends or. country, and the record of his
death upon a ledger's page will be . his,
only epitaph.
The stern justice of a court-martial car
ries farther than life, for it can rob a
man oven of remembrance. Every
"general" military prisoner ia dishonor
ably discharged from ih« army as part of
his sentence. Heing dishonorably dis
charged, he rnay not wear nor be buried
in the uniform, nor may he be accorded
any of the honors that are given the
soldier when he dies In the service. As a
prisoner, even though dead, his com
rades may not associate ¦with him, and
he must go to his grave alone and forgot
ten. Even such of his comrados as may
have b^en his friends in life are not al
lowed to stand by his grave. He leaves
no place in the ranks nor In the quarters,
for he is carried on no roll. His horse
and his equipments have been given to
another; his uniform has been destroyed;
some one else sleeps In his bunk, and he
has not even the poor compliment of be
ing missed.
There is none so poor as a military pris
oner who dies before his term expires,
for even in death the ban is upon him,
and he may not be classed with his fel
lows. For the soldier honorably dead all
the pomp and ceremony, all the gold lace
and stripes and volleys and bugle notes
aro not too much to mark his passing;
but the prisoner must start on the mys
terious journey to the unknown beyond
with no friend to speed, no volley to
honor, no headstone, even, to mark the
snot where he is placed under the sod.
There Is no coffin provided to hold his
body, no caisson to carry it; instead, a
quartermaster's wagon will take a plain,
redwood box containing his remains up
the .hill, and that must be his funeral
train.
Some time to-day the body of A. C.
Bergin, the military prisoner who was
Bhot and killed last Friday while trying
to escape from his guards at the Presidio,
will be buried in the National Cemetery.
Without escort and without honors, and
with the chaplain, who makes the • last
plea for his soul, as the only mourner,
the remains will be lowered into a lonely
grave,- and the world will forget.
No Escort or Band Will Accompany
the Remains, and an Army
. Chaplain "Will Bo the Only
Mourner.
Convict Bergin, Slain by His
Guard, to Be Buried
PRAYER AND A
LONELY CRAVE
WITHOUT HONOR
Prince Dolgorouski of Russia Here to Establish
a Steamer Line From Siberia to
This Port-
Everything From a Baron to a
Queen Among the Guests at
the Hotels.
NOBLEMEN AND
TITLES TO BURN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MAY 21," lbOO.
New Naval Bill Provides for Battleships Which
Will Be the Most Powerful Engines of
Destruction Afloat.
Rear Admiral Hichborn Predicts It
Will Eventually Lead the
w ona.
WONDERFUL GROWTH
OF THE YANKEE NAVY
To-morrow Rear Admiral Hichborn will
visit the Union Iron Works and Inspect
the battleships . under construction there.
He.will not go to Mare Island until one
week from to-day. I The admiral will
probably spend a fortnight in and about
San Francisco.
Mrs. Hichborn is making her first visit
to California and is delighted with the
prospect. She says. she feels no ill effects
from her journey across the continent.
Yesterday her apartments at the Palace
were filled with choice cut flowers. Many
friends and acquaintances called to pay
their respects and Mrs. Hichborn proved
a charming hostess. She is looking for
ward with pleasant anticipation to a jour
ney homeward by way of Portland and
Victoria, over the Canadian Pacific to
Duluth and down the Great Lakes and
the St. Lawrence : to the Atlantic sea
board. •..,
Rear Admiral Hichborn, though born In
Charleston. Mass., is exceedingly proud
of his appointment from the State of Cal
ifornia, where he spent the early days of
his manhood and served as a Journeyman
shipwright, master shipwright and As
sistant Naval Constructor. His Califor
nia days are full of bright and pictur
esque reminiscences and he loves to talk
of the old days. This visit, though long
deferred, and the renewal of old ac
quaintances, has for years been a cher
ished hope. Notwithstanding ljlg contin
ued employment so far from the Pacific
Coast, he has been ever In touch with its
interests, and being persevering as well
as progressive has done much to foster
and promote the welfare of the ship
building interests, both at the navy yards
and private shipyards of the West. While
residing in Vallejo Mr. Hichborn was
identified with all matters of public mo
ment. • . ¦¦
10
*jp? W. PIXERO'S farcical romance
I \\ "The Amazons" served to display
II o the versatility of the Nelll
company at the CalJfornia Thea- ]
tor las=t nipht. James Xeill played a suboi> |
dlnate part. Ylsc-ount Utterly, and allowed
Benjamin Howard. Earl of Tweenwayea,
and George Bloomquest. Count de Grlval.
to carry off the laughing honors. Messrs.
Howard and Bloomquest developed unex
pected comedy ability. Their work was
a i«urprlFe to those who have studied the |
N>ill company in the past six weeks, j
Frank ilacVicars and Emmett Shackel- |
ford made a tremendous lot of the small j
parts. The ladies of tile company were 1
revelations In boys' costumes and short \
dresses, Miss Dean and Miss Lamkin j
1 vaulted over a gate like real men. and
Miss Chapman punched Mr. Xeill in the
jaw as though she were an actual priee
tiehter. I>illia Andrew?. Marchioness of
Castlejordon, was capital a3 the mother j
who ordered her girls to be boys. "The
Amazons" was first given here by the
Empire stock company, and the present
production does not suffer by comparison.
The stage settings are as carefully ar
ranged as in all the Neill performances,
and the California will undoubtedly be
packed all the week.
The programme at the Orpheum is es
pecially stronff this week. Among the new
turns put on last night was the Magnani
family's musical act. Their act Is a novel
one. The curtain goes up on a barber shop
in which the members of the family play
popular airs and ragtime music on shav
ing cups and water pipes, with spittoons
as a bass accompaniment. They close
their turn by playing the "Pilgrim
March" on trumpets cleverly made up to
resemble barber poles. The members of
the Wilson familv are a clever team of
colored people. They took well with the
house, the children being especially well
received. Bartho. fresh from Paris, is a
clever dancer, and has that chic way with
her which only the vaudeville people from
that side of the world appear able to ac
quire. Kendall Is at the house for another
week. His songs and Joke« are all new
and he makes a big hit. His experiences
vrhlle traveling to San Jose on the South
ern Pacific are very funny. The show
ends with some new pictures on the bio
graph. Some of the scenes of the Boer
war and snapshots of our boys in Manila
have never been exhibited in any theater
before.
GIRLS OF ALPHA SIGMA
MEET IN CONVENTION
ADVERTISEMENTS. \ '¦'
This weak we will have on
sale complete lines of the following
NEW GOODS;
LADIES' FANCY SILK WAISTS, in Hemstltcnefl, corded
and tuGked, all the new colors, also whites, &lack3
and Greams.
LADIES' FINE SWISS RIBBED UNDERWEAR, In wool,
cotton, lisle and silk, all shapes and hath white and
colors.
LADIES' BLACK LIBERTY RUFFS, BLACK LIBERTY
RUFFLING, and JUBY TRIMMINGS-an eleaant
. assortment.
MOUSSELINE TAFFETA RIBBONS, latest sprlntf novel-
ties, 7 Inches in width, all the netf pasteL shades,
for mllllneru and neckwear.
LADIES' REYNIER GLOVES, In Loth SUEDE and GLACE,
in all the new shades of mods, Drrarj, tan and
hrown, also hlacks,
LADIES' FINE FEATHER SCARFS, 38. 45, 64 and 72
inches loner, In BLACKS, GRAYS and NATURAL,
EXTRA SPECIAL.
OUR ENTIRE STOCK Of All-Wool FRENCH GRENADINES
and ETAMINES, 48 Inches wide, fcoth colored and
hlack,
Reduced to 50c yard
Former prices Sl.75, $2,00 and 52,50 Tjarl
zzzzzzziz^zzziziziziizzzziizz^^zziziizzr '
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. " 1
SFECFAL SALE \
OF I
Ladies' Oxfords \
AM) '
Men's and Children's |
ONE VUEEK ONL.Y. ]
U^nTEFT PT..AIX TOE OXFOUDS. band !
turnf-4 F^les. Fte^ular %S LO: now SUc I
TOADIES' SQCARE TOE OXFORDS, band ]
airart aoles. Hejrul&r S3 SO: now O5c j
INDIES' TAN LACE SHOES, cloth top, up-
to-date last, hand turned eoles. Rerolar
JC U>; now 83.-15
MTJfnS- FPJ^CTI KID. GOAT. PATENT
LEATHER AND TAX BUTTON SHOES
(broken loO, bIips 12 to 2. Formerly Jt JO
er.<3 S2 (X': to close out »Oc
MISSES- BUTTON' SHOES. TAN GOAT
(Laird. Schob^r & Oo.'s make), cloth tops,
coin and nai-row square toes. R' uiar J2 75 ¦
now #1.UO
EOTS' LACE FHOES. TAN ANT> BLACK,
very bert makes, narrow toes. Ree-ular
B 50; now 81.35
MEN'S TAX CALF LACE WELT SHOES.
XDftlluxa soles, pointed tors. Regular jr, oo-
now $1.55
GOODS STTUCTL.T AS ADVERTISED.
KAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY.
830-832-334 Market Street,
SAN FnAXCISCO. CAL.
Catarrh, Deafness,
Diseases Positively Cared by
OB. COTTINGHAM'S §55*
204 Sutter St., NW. cor. Kearny.
Hour? — 9 to IT a. m.; 1 to 3 and T to 8 p. m.
PPpp An horwt trial of one week, given
* ¦»*—*— »t» show the Buperior merit of the
n<-w treatment. A-m fft eon*»— 1;5 pt-r c*nt
curct'.. Oil at one* or tnlta.
I
I
Dinner Sets
20% off.
Come Just to Look.
Gr& Aura ferUM Tea Co.
i.lONEr-&AVING bTORtS.
JK-U2 'irant Ave. (Be-t. Sutter and Post).
Ml Market Ft. <Opp. 1'OTelI).
Uu Sixth St.
356 Hayes St. I'.S Third St.
1419 ivik St. f,21 Montgomery Are.
3EM Mi.-«l..n Et. 70S Larkln St.
SO"* Sixteenth St. 1S13 D«vlsadero St.
140 Ninth fit. 475 H»!rht St.
TOGS Flllmore St. S:S5 Mission St.
CJ Market St. 2722 24th Et.
•OAKLAND STORES.
:CC3 tVa*h!n«:ton Et. CIS K. I?th at.
1Z27 nroaduay. 11S5 S23 Ava.
1-10 Seventh £l 13S5 Park St.. Alameda.
G0LD3EBG, B0WSN * CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS BILE
)
BQWEM
Islomers
Don't run risks — buy
where you're sure of qual-
ity and packing — lots of
condensed foods here : —
come, we figure low on
good stuff
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Whisky — Q- b& Co 3 bottles $2
O K bourbon gallon 3
Sweet mash — pure — smooth
reg'ly ?i bottle $4 gallon
Baking powder-£«*&«>rib 30c
reg'ly 40c and $1 50 5 'b tin $ I 25
Uniform — reliable—^makes whole-
some food — contains absolutely
nothing but cream tartar anu soda
Macaroni— imported I 2^C
Spaghetti— vermicelli — letters and
numbers— reg'ly 15c lb— Lafavorita
Tomato catsup 3 bottles 50c
G B <& C<>— we sell lots of it
because it's good— reg'ly 20c bottle
Royans a la Vatel i2^c
. Sardines with truffle and pickle
reg'ly 20c can
Pine-appl e-Sinffopore 3 cans 50C
Whole and sliced — big cans
reg'ly 20c can
Salmon i Ibcan IOC
Extra choice fish— reg'ly i2*c > i c
Mushrooms—^ Lecourt 25c
You can afford them at this price
tender — good
Beer— Gerard pints $ I 35
Brewed from Canadian malt
reg'ly $1 55 dozen
Port and Sherry 3 bottles $2
Imported— high grade wines
. our bottling— reg'ly Ji bottle
Sarsaparilla— schweppe $1 35
reg'ly Si' 50 dozen
A healthful drink in spring time
Bouillon capsules— Anker 25c
Box of ten— celery flavor— best
condensed beef extract — reg'ly 30c
Horseradish mustard smi 2 bot 25c
For boiled meats Ige 3 bots 50C
served hot or cold
reg'ly 15c and 20c bottle
Lentils— German 3 lbs 25C
reg'ly i2}c lb
The proper vegetable with boiled ham
Window screens 25c 35c
Snail 17 In. high 22 In. closed 35 In. open
L«rge a* In. high 24 In. closed 37 In. open
Flyer— reg'ly 30c and 40c
FlV paper— Tanglefoot 40C
Box of 25 double sheets and holder
Face cream— vwiet 40c
• Strawberry odor— healing properties—
_ softens the skin— reg'ly 50c jar >*
OOIDBIBg, B0VI5 * CO'S SPECIAL 3 AVIX3 SALS
T00th pOWder— Listerated 2OC
Whitens and .preserves the teeth
harmless— reg ly 25c bottle
Uneeda biscuit package 5c
Uneeda jinjer wayfer pkg 10c
Drink Bee brand Oykmtea
for flavor — economy — pleasure
50c 60c 80c $ 1 lb
It's eood tea— we recommend rt
youil Hke it— sample box free
Gelatine— Heinrich foC
reg'ly I2§c pkg— makes one qoart
jelly— red and white— German
May catalogue free — special prkaa
quoted on big orders
4*2 Pine as* Sutler 3S00 Canforaf* San Frmctsc*
J1075 Clay between B«ve n th an4 Twitih Oakj mJ
... f*T*.T- ...
Can be seen at Its height tn the HEXNTE ptsatx
Our new deplgiig are both beautiful and on«ia».l.
The wood* are especially selected: every Um
strument built of finest quality of material ai>4
construction Is ot tbe finest workmanship pro-
curable In the world.
Used by all prominent musicians, both as a
solo instrument and also as an accompaniment
to voice. *
The richnera of tone and anstalnlag power Is
marvelous. Yoar Inspection Is Invited. Besides
our own line we carry many ethers. 3«w and
second hand.
Chickerlns Square (perfect condition). C3S|
St«"tnway Square (carved lejrs, ronnd corners),
J125; Emerson 8quare, T73: Stetnway Upright. %
pedals. J2C0; Chlcicerlnsr rprlght. 3 pedals. »«;
Emerson Upright, Jl«5; Vose A Son's Upright,
J100: Knabe. J135; Ployel Uprlfcht. »S0. Install-
ments— f3. |4, }3. J5. $?. $10. Rents $3.00 up.
S. F. Ware room n, 136 Ellis st.
LAST WEEK
OF THE OREAT
PERSIAN tPa I I i
AUCTION^
I>aily at 2 p. nx.
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts;
TOUR LA9T CHANCE
To Buy FINE RUGS at NOMINAL, ppirrv
The Like Will Never Occur Ak™
Owing- to the Late Season the Rugs Are Beina
Sacrificed.
You Can Save 40 to 60 Per cent by Buvlrur at
This Sale.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Eye slasses can be made comfortable wtti
OUR new clips, properly adjusted.
Oculists' prescriptions flUed. Factory 00
premises. Quick repairing. ' Phone Mala 10.
0PTICIAN5^ h^p^;^^
642 Market 5t. instrumints
"*«" cH^onmt ewjiKo. . Catalogue FrCl