been ruiaed. I trusted King: Implicitly
and he robbed me. The entire scheme was
concocted by him. Rideout and Boots
were simply dummies used by him for
their names and for the prestige which
they received from their family connec
tions. But It was Klngr who did the dis
honest work on the books and bank ac
counts.
"When I was Induced to enter the
company by him as a stockholder I
thought so well of It that I persuaded
others to go in with me. My brother-in
law took some stock; ray wife bought
some; my wife's sister and aunt took
some and so did others until our interests
represented many thoiisands of dolllars.
When I found out that I was being robbed
I consulted my attorney. R. M. Fitzger
ald, and we settled upon the seizure of
the books. Mr. Fitzgerald told me Jocu
larly that he would provide for me at
San Quentin If I stole the books and dis
covered that my suspicions of King were
wrong, but that if I found that I had
been robbed the rest would be clear sail-
Ing. : • ..
"I discovered that I had been robbed
and I confronted King. He refunded and
was then kicked out. He 13 a dangerous
man to the community."
Whlle the detectives are searching for
King they need have no further concern
about Elle J. Cote, the president of the
defunct California Packing Company.
Cote insists that he. has not been In hid
ing and does not intend to run away. Ha
says he is at his office every day and can
be found there when any one wants him.
He declared last night that he can show
conclusively that every dollar spent by
his company was legitimately expended,
and that he made no false representations
to the San Francisco National Bosk. Ho
denies that he knew that King verified
his statement to the bank or that he asked
King to do so. In explaining the financial
difficulties of the California Packing
Company. Cote says that a great deal of
money was lost in establishing a new and
high class grade of goods on the Califor
nia market.
and while the detectives are using every
resource of their trade to locate and ar
rest him the story of another audacious
conspiracy In which he was the leading
spirit has become public property.
In this second alleged crime, for which
King was never called to account crimi
nally, although the facts were placed be
fore the District Attorney of this city.
It Is charged that the arch manipulator
duped several wealthy men and women
Into what, appeared to be a legitimate
business venture. Having secured thou
thousands upon thousands of dol
lars King, it is claimed set about
to rob the investors, falsifying the
records of the corporation, using relatives
of promlnent'bankers and business men as
dummies, manipulating, bank books and
accounts so as to misrepresent the finan
cial standing of the concern, and then
filching the money which rightfully be
longed to the corporation.
For many months this gigantic system
of duplicity and fraud was maintained
with success. So craftily did King manip
ulate the books that no suspicion was
excited in the minds of the duped in
vestors. One day. however, a false play
was made, an investigation was instituted
and the crash came. The deluded in
vestors were. forced to steal the books
of the corporation and found upon in
specting them that they had been robbed
of $22,000. King and his associates were
forced to refund most of the money and
were then kicked out of the corporation.
For the sake of those that had been in
jured and with a view of protecting the
credit of the corporation at a critical
stage of its existence King was not pros
ecuted. : -~' " ' r ;-
Charles J. King is a remarkable char
acter. He appears to be a man of great
versatility, and while he is a gentleman
among gentlemen he can be a scoundrel
among scoundrels. He is a son of James
King of William, a prominent merchant,
who made history in San Francisco In the
days of the Vigilantes and who. It wiil
be remembered, was murdered by Casey
during a local reign of lawlessness and
terror. Charles J. King has occupied a
position of honor in San Francisco for
many years. He was looked upon as a
man above reproach In commercial and
social life and his probity was the stand
ard of emulation among his fellows. De
vout to a marked degree, he set an ex
ample which others might admire if not
follow. A close : and earnest worker in
fraternal affairs he won many friends and
through " them opened many avenues of
revenue and profit which he used to the
very best possible personal advantage.
. It Lwas through his fraternal: associa-
night at Klip Kraal, four miles short of
Sar.nahs Post.
"Brabant! and Hart are still a few miles
short cf Wepener, and the numbers of
the enemy appear to have somewhat in
creased during the last few days. But It
is rot likely there will be much trouble
in the neighborhood of Weper.er once
Dewetsdorp is occupied by our troops.
"I inspected the City Imperial Volunteer
Battalion yesterday on their arrival at
Blcerafontein. They are In fine form and
look very workmanlike. I also Inspected
the first company of Imperial Yeomanry
which has arrived here. The men turn
out smart and their horses are in an ad
mirable condition."
BOERS SLEW NATIVES
IN OPEN COMBAT
LONDON. April . 23.— A Boer dispatch
from Glencoe, Natal, dated Tuesday, April
24, says that four scouts surprised 300
British from Lftdjrsalth April 22 and put
the whole body to Ilight and captured two
of them.
The arrival of Mafeking dispatches has
renewed the interest and anxiety in re-
sard to 'the fate of its defenders. Lady
Sarah Wilson's account of the slaughter
of thirty-three natives who went out from
Ma f eking last Friday to recover some
cattle which had been looted by the Bo«ri
and who while they were sleeping were
surrounded by burghers and shot without
quarter, apparently harshly misrepresent
ed the action of the Boers. A dispatch
received by the "Associated Press from
Mafeking say? that the natives in ques
tion were unauthorized raiders and that
Instead of being ruthlessly slaughtered by
Boors while asleep they beat back the
burghers, who were obliged to get rein
forcements. The dispatch adds:
"There was no question of surrender.
The loader of the natives, a tall, spare
man. rallied his meij to the last, and the
fight progressed from the' rising to the
sinking of the sun. Those -twenty-five
Fingoes. armed v.ith obsolete rifles, fought
with grim desperation. Machine guns and
Mausers poured shot and shell Into their
midst. Until their ammunition was ex
hausted the natives fought and then the
Boer? killed all but one of them, who,
wounded, hid In the reeds and escaped.
"General Snyman complained of Colonel
Baden-Powell employing barbarians who
killed six and wounded numbers of Boers.
Colonel Baden-Powell replied that the
raid was unauthorized and pointed out
that a number of natives were destitute
before their homes had been burned and
their cattle stolen by the Beers. He de
clined to be held responsible for the na
tives' actions."
The correspondent concludes: "Mafe
king may be forgiven If It begs to prefer
some attempt at relief rather than empty
congratulations for its gallant stand.
Though there is only sufficient to keep
body and foul together, it will never sur
render. It is very weary of it all."
» ¦
ARTILLERY DUEL
WAGED FOR HOURS
WARRENTON, Wednesday night, April
23.— The Boers, having become embolden
ed, shelled the village and the British
trenches, and It became necessary to give
them a lesson and to ascertain their
strength. On Monday night Colonel Pa
get placed several suns on the river bank
under cover of the darkness within 1000
yards of the Boer trenches across the
river. The horses and carriages were
withdrawn beyond range, and at daybreak
the British opened a heavy bombardment
with shrapnel and lyddite.
The Beers were taken completely by
Detachments Sent Out by General
Bell Almost Succeed in Sur
rounding a Band of
Islanders.
MANILA, April 25.— Officers who have
arrived here from Neuva Carceras. prov
ince of South Camarir.es. bring details of
a fight April IG. In which eighty Filipinos
were killed. The American outposts re
ported 309 natives assembled t.iree miles
from town and General Bell sent three
detachments of the Forty-tifth Rpgiment,
with two Maxims, who nearly surrounded
the Filipinos, the majority of whom were
armed with bolos and wore caraboo hide
helmets and shields. The Filipinos were
quickly put to flight, leaving the field
strewn with armor. Their riflemen were
unable to shoot straight and the bolomen
never got near enough to the Americans
to do any execution. Therefore none of
the. Americans were wounded.
Lieutenant Batch, with twenty cavalry
men from the Thirty-seventh Regiment
cornered fifty bolomen in a river and shot
every one, the bodies floating away. One
soldier had his head struck off with a
bolo.
General Bell's two regiments are hard
worked in clearing the country. • They
meet with many small squads of bolomen
and last week killed a total of 125 A
squadron of the Eleventh Cavalry is
about leaving Manila on board the trans
port Lennox to reinforce them. The in
surgents keep the province in a state of
terror and are wreaking vengeance on na
tives who trade with the Americans
burning many villages, including the dod
ulous towns of San Fernando.
General Bell has issued a proclamation
declaring that he will retaliate relentless
ly unless this guerrilla warfare cease and
that he will burn all the towns which'har
bor guerrillas. . . "~" ~ "
In a fight at Sorsogon. Albay Province
on April la three companies of the Forty'
seventh Infantry, Captain Gordon com!
manding, routed a large force of insur
gents, mostly bolomen, killing fifty-three
The plans of General Otis have not been
announced, but it is understood he intends
to sail on the Meade or Grant early in
May. He will be accompanied by his staff
and will probably visit Hongkong and
other ports. 6
AMERICANS
SLAY SCORES
OF NATIVES
Two Maxim Guns Turned
Upon Filipinos Armed
With Bolos.
FIGHT IN SOUTH CAMARINES
T ONDON, April 25. - The
*— War Office has issued the
following from Lord Roberts,
dated Bloemfontein, April 25,
3:25 p. rri.:
"The enemy retired from in
front of Wepener last night
and this morning fled north
eastward along the Ladybrand
road. Their number was be
tween 4-000 and 5OOO."
Lord Roberts also tele
graphed the following mes
sage to the War Office:
"BLOEMFONTEIN, April 25.
Dewetsdorp was occupied by
Cherrnside without opposition
at 9:30 this morning."
CAPE TOWN, April 26. -The
relief of General Dalgety was
accomplished by General Bra
bant.
PARIS. April 26.— A dis
patch from Pretoria says that
General Dewet has Brabant's
Horse isolated and has re
pulsed tv/o attempts to re
lieve, capturing fifty British
ers.
. ?
LONDON. April K. 3a. m.— lt is now
apparent that the chances of Lord
Robert* catching the retreating
liners In a net are very slender.
The Boer* have everywhere re
tired at the first pressure cf the British
advance, and the hope that Genera! Run
die would be able to induce them to re
m.vir. at r>etv€ts<!orp until they had been
forced to fight or surrender has been dis
srr'Oteting.
No attempt was made to pursue the
commar.dos retiring from Wepener. Ev
er:-! hire now depends upon the progress
cf Centra! French's cavalry brigades, but
they t.r* entering a very difficult, hiliy
arsd practically unknown country. The
cavalry has already had a long march
Over hr-avy and *ar.dy roads, and nothing
1? known regarding the condition of the
horses. In any case, it i? now a race be
tween the Federals ar.d the forres of Geri
tral French and Ger.ercl Hamilton.
The Fiownefs of the recent movements
of the British infantry and previous ex
perience of the ability cf the Boers to
move rapidly, with guns and baggage.
over their own country lead to a belief
that Lord Roberts' enveloping operations
will fail and will have to be repeated far
ther north. At the rncst. he will perhaps
capture Borne Beer jrur.s and baggage and
harry \ho retreating burghers.
Considerable results have been attained
In tlie relief of Weper.er and In the clear
ing of the southeastern corner of the Free
State cf Boers, but the Boer army, what
ever Its strength, has still to be dealt
with.
BesliJo? the casualties among the men.
the Boer bombardment of Colonel Dai
nty's position wrought great havoc
amesg the cattle and horses. The garri
son could have held out for another fort
night, but It Is in no condition to render
much assistance In pursuing the Boers.
There is little news from other quar
•rrs. The inhabitants of Mafeking are
r,nw on a daily ratlcn of two pounds of
coup and two quarts of "skilly."- •
A special to the Times, dated Mafetc-ng.
r?aF*uto!ar.d, April 23. says: S'lS 'I rode from
Jaramesb'urg htf. fkirtir.g Wepener. and
I met General Brabant's? advance guard
four miles south of Wepener. They re
port three successful fights Saturday.
Eunday and Tuesday, with twenty-two
casualties. The siege was raised and 5000
cf the enemy retired along the Lndybrand
road within our sight and unpursued.
Colonel Daigety's casualties are thirty
three killed and 1-2 wounded."
Spencer Wilkinson in the Mcrr.ing Post
Fays: "The British army deployed In the
free State may i;ow be used for a con
verging attack en Thaba Nchu. Unless
the Boers are in strong position and great
r. umbers there, a mere concentric advance
may well suffice to compel their retreat.
Genera 1 * Brahar.t and Hart are more
likely '.6 pursue the Boers retreating In
the dirccJon of Ladybrand. These pos
sibilities are all lased upon the assump
tion that the decisive advance has now
begun and that the army was not spread
out ur.til it was ready." !„*¦*?•
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent of
the Dally Telegraph says: "It is asserted
?hat the Boers are collecting enormous
quantities of provisions at depots in the
Lydenburg district, with a view to a final
Ftand In the mountains. The districts
arourid Johannesburg and Pretoria are be
ing extensively intrenched. Begsbie's
foundry at Johannesburg is turning out
700 shells a d*y."
ROBERTS DESCRIBES THE
ADVANCE UPON WEPENER
LONDON. April 25, i:~ p. m.— The War
Office has received the following dispatch
from L<ord Roberts:
"BLOEMFONTEIN. April 2C.— Pole-
Carew's division rcachr-d Roodekop yes
terday evening, without casualties. The
advance was covered by cavalry and
horse artillery, which drove back the en
rmy with heavy losses, their dead being
left on the ground. The mounted troops
halted for the night at Gootfonteln. and
at 7:39 this rnornir.g were crossing the
M odder River at Valsbank. In accordance j
with my Instructions to French, to en- j
deavor to place himself astride the en
fmy'f line of retreat. ' :.*
"French's arrival rear the Modder 1
evidently, however, alarmed the Boers, j
who evacuated their strong position near
Dewetsdorp during the n'c^t. and it was
occupied by Chermside's division this
rooming. The mounted Infantry under
I&n Hamilton drove the enemy off the j
kopjes in the neighborhood of the water
works without casualties en our side.
"The Highland Brigade marched
twenty-four miles yesterday to support
General Hamilton, and halted for the
VOLUME LXXXVII— XO. 157.
Continued on Second P»«rft.
FIRE DESTROYS
THE TRUCKEE HOTEL
TRUCKEE. April 26.— The Truckee Ho
tel caught fire at midnight. The total loss
is $30,000. It was an old landmark of
Truckee, having been built in IS6S. The
insurance is unknown, but probably is
$15,000. • . . .... .
to send a stock of goods into the frozen
north. King told him that a ship and
some barges were In course of construc
tion and with a llttlo more money the
company would be able to begin active
and successful business. Rideout, he
said, was president of the company and
the genial King was secretary and man
ager.
The project suggested Itself to Fish as
an admirable one. He invested $5000 and
his partner advanced the same amount.
They interested their friends and In a
short time, through their advocacy of the
scheme, their friends were Involved to an
amount between $40,000 and $50,000 in ex
change for which they received stock In
the corporation. Meanwhile the beat and
the barges were building at Stockton and
King was handling the books of the com
pany. Fish and his friend 3 received no
representation on the board of directors
nor did they desire any, as they trusted
Implicitly, through the confidence of Fish,
in the integrity of King. Affairs went
along smoothly for some time. There was
plenty of money In the bank, so tne books
showed, and apparent progress was being
made In the construction of the boats.
One day Fish was In the office of the
company when a bill was presented and
the secretary declined to pay it, claiming
the customary sixty days' time. Fish ask
ed why It was not discounted and received
no satisfactory reply. He became sus
picious and determined to make an in
vestigation. He went to Stockton and
found that the contractors were not mak
ing progress en the boat because they
had not received their money. The books
of the California Yukon Trading Company
showed that the contractors had already
received thousands of dollars. Fraud of
the grossest kind had been perpetrated
and the crime had been committed in the
office of the company.
Fish lost no time in pursuing his inves
tigations. He consulted with the firm
which was building the engines and the
boilers for the ship and found that very
little money had been paid there on ac
count. Fish concluded that he was being
robbed. He consulted with his attorney.
Robert M. Fitzgerald of Oakland, and
suggested that the only way In which he
could tell how he was being robbed and
to what extent was to secure possession
of the books, and the only way to obtain
possession was bj* stealing the books.
This course was decided upon, and one
night Fish and a- friend entered the of
fice of the company at G32 Market street
and stole the books, taking them to Fish's
apartments in the Palace Hotel. There
a- minute and careful examination of the
records was made and a startling condl-
THE scandal In the affairs of the
California Packing Company and
the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle
Works has created a sensation in
| commercial, fraternal and social
circles of the city. The prominence of the
men involved, the seriousness of the accu
sations made against them, the shrewd
ness and craft of their operations, have
set the gossips by the ears, and fast upon
the heels of the first sensational expose
comes another of equal If not greater In
terest. Charles J. King, who is accused
of felony embezzlement, Is still missing.
I tior.s that he floated the scheme, the ram
i ificatlons of which have now become pub
! lie property. About two years ago he, in
company with' two young men whose
: names suggest financial worth In Cali
fornia, called upon George Fish at the
! Palace Hotel. Mr. Fish is of the firm cf
Phelan & Fish, grocers of Oakland, who
stand very well In the commercial world
of the State. Fish knew King through
fraternal association and welcomed him
when he called at the hotel. King's
friends were Walter J. Rideout. nephew
of the banker, and William Boots, son of
the San Jose merchant. King was not
long in unfolding his scheme. He had a
magnificent prospect in view, he said, and
wanted Fish to derive some benefit
from it.
The Alaskan excitement was then at
its height- and Fish had a touch of the
fever in common with thousands of oth
ers. King told him that he. with Ride
out, Boots and some others, had organ
ized the California Yukon Trading Com
pany. This was just the opportunity for
which Fish had been looking. He wanted
ANGRY COMMENT OF
CONTINENTAL PRESS
Profess to See in America's Action* a
Desire for Further Con
quests.
VIENNA. April 26.— The Turko-Amerf
can dispute excites much comment in the
Austrian press. 'The Neve Freie Presse
remarks that since the Spanish war the
Americans seem to have lost all respect
for Europe and It comments at great
length upon the "new aspects that threat
en to intrude on European politics when
America feels strong enough to threaten
a European state with a naval demon
stration." This Journal then goes on to
say:
"It Is difficult to conceive what practi
cal advantage would accrue to the United
States from participation in the eastern
question, but it will be a disagreeable sur
prise to Russia to find in America a new
rival in a domain which Russia has al
ways regarded as her traditional inherit
ance."
The Neve Winer Tageblatt. In a similar
article, says: "America as a great power
has been too long left out of account.
American imperialism may involve many
perils for the American Union Itself, but
it is far more dangerous for other states."
BERLIN, April 25.— The Berlin papers
publish a dispatch from Washington an
nouncing that the Sultan of Turkey has
yielded to the demand of the United
States in the indemnity claim. The
Vossische Zeitung. discussing the matter,
points out the ill-success of European
powers in getting money from Turkey and
adds:
"Through the payment to the American
missionaries, the Sultan is reminded that
a new element, expressing itself in unac
customed forms, has entered into inter
national intercourse."
The Berliner Tageblatt thinks that the
United States, fearing Russia, will be
fatisfled with the Sultan's acknowledg
ment of the Indebtedness and will not
force payment. ;.'" '
EX-MINISTER TERRELL
AGREES WITH WALLACE
Says That the Sultan of Turkey Will
Keep All the Promises He :
Ever Made.
AUSTIN. Tex.. April 25.— When asked
to-day for an expression as to the merits
of the United States' claim against Tur
key for indemnity for the burning of mis
sionary property during the Armenian
trouble. ex-United States Minister A. W.
Terrell, now residing in this city, gave out
the following interview:
I entirely agree with General Lew Wallace
in Ms estimate of the Sultan of Turkey. There
Is much Ignorance about the nature of our
claims against Turkey. We claim indemnity
tqr the burning of missionary property at Har
poct and Marash. places then dominated by
Kurds and a fanatical populace. And remote
at the time from Consular protection. Mis
sionaries claim that the burning was done with
the aid or connivance of Turkish soldiers. The
Porte has insisted that it was done by Kurds
and by an fingovernable mob. Our claim is
sustained by circumstances resting on mission
ary evidence, the denial of the Turks is
sustained by official reports by the Turkish offi
cers and Pashas, and the issue of the fact has
not been settled by an Impartial tri
bunal. The burning was done during the Ar
menian massacres, and the Kurds have been
the enemies of the Armenians from the time of
Xenophen.
Healthy public sentiment should protect the
President In his foreign diplomacy against the
spirit of religious Intolerance. I pressed our
claim for indemnity to the utmost limit of
friendly diplomacy while in Turkey, if the
Sultan has "ever promised to pay It he will
keep his word, and If he ever made the prom
ise he will not deny it. I* regard 'him as' an
honest man. V I " know him well and believe
he was the moat intellectual man I met while
I was in Eurcoe. - ••. - ¦*• ¦ •- f\
Entire Southeastern Portion of the Free State Now Cleared
of Patriots — Report That Brabant's Colonial
Horse Has Been Isolated.
tlon of affairs was revealed. The accounts
had been falsified and the bankbooks al
tered. Thousands of dollars had been
filched by the arch-conspirator, who ha>J
falsified hfs books to hide the peculations.
When the examination was complete It
was found that more than $22,000 had been
taken.
The following day King was confronted
with the facts and was ordered to make
good what he had taken. This he did.
surrendering his stock and giving his
notes, the aggregate of what he returned
being about 75 per cent of what he had
takrn. He and Rideout and Boots wers
then compelled to leave the company,
which was reorganized. Flah then pre
sented th«» facts to As3.=lstant District At
torney Black, but nothing was done in
reference to the matter. ,
In speaking of the affair yesterday. Fl3h
was emphatic In his denunciation of King.
"Charles J. King 13 a scoundrel." he
said. "He almost mined me and if It
had not been for the accident of my being
In the office when that bill came affairs
would have continued until we would have
His Associates Forced to Steal the Records of an
.Alaskan Company to Trap Him.
Sensational Deal in Which George Fish, W. J. Rideout
and William Boots Figured to the Pickle
Man's Undoing.
ROBERTS FAILS IN EFFORT TO
ENTRAP BOERS AT WEPENER
Federals Raise the Siege and Retreat in Time to
Escape Being Cut Off.
KING CHARGED WITH ANOTHER
GIGANTIC COMMERCIAL CRIME
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FR AX CISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL. 26, 1900.
CZAR COMES
TO THE AID
OF SULTAN
Report That Russia Will
Oppose Arbitrary Action
by America.
EUROPE'S MENACING STAND
Porte Considers That Its Offer to
Hebuild Burned Structures
Will Close the •
Question.
cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900. by the Herald Pud
llshin* Company.
LONDON. April 25.— The Con
stantinople correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says that Russia
has intimated that she will oppose
any attempt to enforce the United
States claims against Turkey.
LONDON. April 26.— The Constantinople
correspondent of the Dally Telegraph
says:
"The Porte considers that its offer to
rebuild the American structures burned
at Kharput will close the question. It
bases this belief on news that Russia has
intimated an intention to oppose any at
tempt on the part of the United States to
enforce payment."
Inquiries made at the British Foreign
Office confirm the dispatch from Constan
tinople to the Associated Press, saying
that in view of the steps taken by the
United States regarding claims arising
out of the Armenian massacres the em
bassies of Great Britain. France. Austria,
Italy and Germany have asked their Gov
ernments to Instruct them as to their
similar claims. It is also learned that the
British Government has not yet answered
its Embassador's request for instructions
and contemplates individual action.
While the attitude of her Majesty's Gov
ernment is one of regret that the British
claims have come to this stage, it will
co-operate in any plan decided upon by
the other powers concerned. It is not be
lieved at the Foreign Office, however, that
joint action will take the form of an ulti
matum or result in anything except the
renewal of useless protestations to the
Turkish Government. Should the conti
nental powers agree on Insisting that they
be treated on the same basis as the United
States, they will only have a lukewarm
follower in Great Britain. Lor** Salisbury
deEir'css n<v further oJmpllcatiors :.t pres
ent. ' ¦ • . '
The San Francisco Call
DISINTERESTED ONLOOKERS.
BASUTOS. ON THEIR OWN TERRITORY, WATCHING THE FIGHT
ING AROUND WEPEXER, JUST ACROSS THE ORANGE FREE STATE
BORDER. BETWEEN THE BOERS AND BRITISH. BASUTOLAND HAS
A POPULATION OF 23,000 BLACKS AND LESS THAN COO WHITES. AND
THEIR ATTITUDE AT THE PRESENT JUNCTURE IS QUITE INTEREST
ING.
INCIDENTS IN ANOTHER OF KING'S GIGANTIC FRAUDS.Ladles, you are cordially Invited to at-
tend the opening reception of the Bon Ton
Co.'b Parlors at 324 Post street, opp. "Union
square, to-day, from 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.*
Attorney H. H. Folsom.
was pleasing news for the many friends
of Mr. Folsom in this city and county.
Of Mr. Folsom it may be honestly said
that he is a self-made man. Coming to
Yuba County with his parents when yet
a child, he was raised on a farm ten
miles east of this city, attending a coun
try school and working on the ranch until
18»vears old. Although handicapped In tho
battle of life by having but one arrn^he
drove a team, guided tho plow and nar
pow and hauU-d hay and in many other
ways astonished the neighbors by his will
ingness and ability to perform manual
labor.
With tho few dollars that he earned in
this way ho came to Marysvlllc and rent
ed humble lodgings, where he maintained
himself and attended the High School un
der the late Professor E. K. Hill. Then
when the latter opened the Knnxdale In
stitute at Brownsville, this county, young
Folsom was one of the first scholars. He
graduated at tho head of his class and
had no trouble in securing a position as
teacher in a neighboring school. ¦ In a
short time his ability was recognized and
he was appointed a teacher in the Marys
vllle schools at a good salary.
While thus employed he spent his even
ings in the study of law. having as co
workers K. P. MoDanielP, the present Dis
trict Attorney of Yuba County, H. Juch
and others. In a brief space of time he
qualified himself for the Supreme Court
examination and had no trouble in the se
curing of the sheepskin. Just prior to his
admission to the bar. he was elected to
the position of Superintendent of Schools
of this county and he served as such of
ficer four years, from January 1, 1890, to
January 1. 1595. In the latter year he en
gaged in the practice of law In Marysville
in copartnership with E. P. McDaniel and
met with fair success, until he left for
Juneau. Alaska, about two years ago.
The office to which Mr. Folsom has been
elected carries with it a salary of $3500 a
year and perquisites.
volley to distract attention from the
camp, which was seriously damaged by
the Free State shells. The prisoners de
clared the British numbered 25,000 men.
Lieutenant Losburg of the artillery was
shot through the head, leg and arms, but
continued at the guns, and Field Cornet
Engelbrecht v.as killed while standing up
and giving orders. The loss during the
two days was three killed ar.d twelve
wounded. . The .British loss is unknown,
but %vhere their right fl.ink • was driven
back to-day a number of dead were left
en the field.
General Kelly-Kenny's left was beaten
back yesterday and his right' to-day. It
is expected that he will await reinforce
ments.
GENERAL RUNDLE IN
PURSUIT OF FEDERALS
LONDON, April 26.— A Reuter corre
spondent with General Pole-Carew and
General French wires from Bamfontein,
under date of April 24. as follows:
"Ever since Sunday a Boer force of
about 1600, with one gun and one pompom,
has been trying to impede our progress."
He then proceeds to describe how the
various mounted bodies— the Canadians,
Roberts' Horse and French's cavalry
time after time engaged the Boers and
the town folk here. It will be the big
gest turnout Oroville has planned Tn
years. It will be fully half a mile long,
says George J. Carr. the grand marshal,
and the line of march will include prac
tically every big street in the place.
Then the members of the Grand Tarlor
¦will march in line, and then floats show
ing 1 the progress of the mining industry
from the oldest to the newest methods,
and several floats from Palermo, repre
senting the agricultural interests of
Butte "County, will pass. Then will fol
low decorated carriages, laden with
prominent citizens; an agricultural float
from Thermalito; a band . from Sacra
mento, leadng th« Young Indies' Drill
Corps of Oroville: the veterans' float,
showing the veterans of the different
wars: a float from the Order of the
Eastern Star, another from the "Women
of Woodcraft, another from the Odd Fel
lows and another from the Rebekahs; a
float from the Odd Fellows' Home, on
which will ride "Old Man" Quayle, the
only survivor of those who helped ac
tually to raise the nag over the old cus
tom nouse at Monterey in '46: a float from
the Foresters; the local fire companies,
the Chinese fire companies and the Chi
nese float, and then business wagons of
the town, variously decorated.
The aids to the grand marshal will be
A. M. Smith. J. C. Oseood. E. I. Miller.
R. S. Kltrlck, W, "WV Gillett and W. P.
Hammon.
Electioneering Has
Been Begun in Ear
nest by the Many
Friends of the Can
didates for Office*
After Business of the
Day, Delegates at
Oroville Enjoy the
Entertainment Pro
vided*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO. conduct the
largest and best equipped medical Insti-
tution and have the mot.t extensive prac-
tice in the world. They avoid fie u»»
of all mineral, poisonous or dangerous
drugs and electric belts. All their
remedies are carefully compounded In
their private laboratory, without cost to
their patients.
SPECIALISTS— EsUWiihed nearlj 20 yttrs.
Advice and Consultation Free.
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure 5n any San Francisco bank, to be
paid only after they are well, or may
pay In monthly Installments.
731 Market St , S. F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS— Daily. %
to 5; Evenings, 7 to 8: Sundays. 9 to 11.
Ivisit OR- JORDAN'S great
HUSEUfI OF ANATOMY
? (*& 1051!U2ZSTCT.t«i.6&i72L.S.f.&J.
tif^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
| -'.J- World Weaiiii«-.ei or any «on:ract;il
v£Cjp^/J disease p»-M:i«rly curml liy the cldtit
> fllStij Speusliitrr. tSu Coett EjtjSy^uv
• ff*lcft roUOMAN--PR.iY.jE fj tSEASES £
. » wlS^B tcast-jltatjcn irei and rtri'tly priTitt \
I S jßw H ' n " mcnt t*rional!y nr by le»tsr. A B
HifCt II i^M.tite Curs ta e»sry case undertaken. \
IF I lIS* w rite for Book, PHILOSOraVitJ
'* [I !]•* atIIBIALK, MAILED FKDB. (Af
| O C* *llu*ble book for mm) " \
DR. JUBDANAI'O.. 1051 Market St.. S.F f
surprise, but thry replied with five guns,
inrluding a forty-pounder, and a heavy
rifle fire was opened at the same time.
The duel continued many hours, the Boers
finally evacuating the. position with; it is
believed, considerable loss. -. '.
There were no casualties on the.' British
side. During the evening the guns-were
safely withdrawn. The sniping to-day
showed that the Boer laager had been re
moved far back to the eastward.
BOER ACCOUNT OF
DEWETSDORP FIGHT
DEWETSDORP. Orange Free State,
Saturday. April 21.— When General De
wet's scouts announced on Thursday
evening that General Kelly-Kenny's and
General Rundle's column, was advancing
on Dewetsdorp he ordered "up saddle"
and moved with the Ficksburg command
and Generals Cronje, Olivier and Wessels
to intercept their march. This was suc
ceFsful on Friday morning. The British
occupied the grassy hill at Taljard'p farm
and Dewet. those immediately southwest
of Dewetsdorp facing the British. Cronje
delayed occupying an important bill,
which the British took at noon.
At 9 yesterday rifle firing commenced
briskly. The British had trenches and had
thrown up schanzes. At 11 o'clock the
Free State cannon and Maxim guns
opened fire and the former constantly
dropped shells into the British camp.
Darkness .stopped the fighting until \l,
when the Bethlehem men on the extreme
right heard some British in their imme
diate vicinity and opened fire. Their com
mandant stepped out into the darkness*
and discovered a wounded man and fif
teen British, who declared they had lost
their way while searching for water. At
daybreak thirteen more British strayed
into camp. •>*¦••!•
In the morning the British started an
outflanking movement, sending a large
body of horse to the hills southwest off
Dewetsdorp. General Dewet immediately
dispatched General Wessels with three
cannon to head off , the British, and the
latter, having no cannon, were forced to
return to camp. At the main positions a
constant cannonade was maintained, but
there was little rifle fire.
The British camp. was observed at sun
set to be hastily packing up and was sub
sequently removed' behind the hills, the
troops in the schanzes firing volley after
ROBERTS FAILS
TO TRAP BOERS
Continued from First Page,
SANTA ROSA, April 25,— This evening
shortly before 7 o'clock Dr. H. S. Bogle,
one of the most prominent physicians in
this city, as a result of what is claimed
to have been a difficulty over money mat
ters, shot and in all probability fatally
wounded J. M. Miller, a' paint and oil
dealer, whos? place of business is located
on Hinton avenue, near the City Hall.
Bogle and Miller occupy adjoining
houses on Johnson street, a few doors
from the First Presbyterian Church. Mil
ler's house is located on the corner and
faces on Mendocino street; Bogle's resi
dence adjoins it on the rear, but /aces on
Johnson street. The two yards are sep
arated by a low fence. Miller's side gate
Is enly a few feet from Dr. Bogle's front
gate, and it was at this spot that the
shooting occurred.
.Dr. Bogle had just finished his supper
and started downtown. As hr> came out
of his front gate Miller, who was standing
near his side gate and inside his yard, ac
costed the physician and according to his
own admission applied an insulting epithet
as he did so. He either had a knife in his
hand as he did so or drew one immedi
ately afterward, for a moment later he
stepped toward the fence separating him
from the physician and apparently pre
pared to strike, when the doctor quietly
drew his revolver and fired three Bhqts,
two of them taking effect.
The 'first struck Miller in the forearm.
Inflicting a flesh wound. The second bul
let landed just behind the hip. ranged
forwnrd and up and passed out near the
upper part of the groin, being found later
In his clothing. Neighbors were attracted
to the spot by the shooting, among them
being James W. Gates, John T. Campbell
and J. L. Duravage. who assisted Miller
into the house and summoned Dr. J. W.
Jesse, who gave the injured man all the
attention in his power.
Dr. Bogle at once walked to the Sheriff s
office and gave himself up. Later he wan
taken before Judge Brown and admitted
held them while the infantry and baggage
passed. He says:
"General Pole-Carew found it neces
sary to use shell on the left flank. The
Boers evidently intended to draw him Into
action in order to delay the column, but
the admirable tactics adopted enabled a
steady advance, only interrupted by slight
delays. The Boers always took good care
to keep their baggage and guns well out
of range. In the afternoon the Boers
evacuated their positions.
"General French's advance cut their
communication north of the town. The
action "was fought at Rool Kop. The
Boers retired to the northeast. They
were commanded by Botha and De Wet.
Rundle, with artillery; Is pursuing them.
General French creating a position here."
AMERICAN COLLEGE
YELL FOR KRUGER
LONDON, April 2G.— The Daily .Mail has
the following from Lourenzo Marques,
dated Wednesday, April 25:
"A daring attempt to destroy the bridge
at Komatlpoort Sunday night was frus
trated by Kaffirs, who gave the alarm
and frightened oft the Boers. The Boers
have lined all the hills in the vicinity
with riflemen, fearing an attack by Brit
ish troops advancing by some mysterious
route.
"The Irish-American brigade, chiefly so
called 'ambulance men,* left Pretoria
Saturday under Colonel Blakeley, after
being addressed by President Krugcr, to
whom the men responded with an Amer
ican college yell." >.>..*
to bail in the sum of JH).f>oo. F. H. New
man. Frank Koenig. J. \\\ Jesse and A.
B. Lemon went security for his appear
ance and he was released. The date of
the examination has not yet been set, but
probably will be to-morrow.
George Felix, an employe of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway, who was
passing down Mendocino street at the
time on his wheel, was an eyewitness to
the shooting. Attracted by the first shot
he dashed down Johnson street just in
time to see the last two shots fired. The
two men were at that time about fifteen
feet apart and Miller was staggering to
ward the house.
Dr. Bogle came here about two years
ago from Monterey, where he enjoyed a
large and highly remunerative practice.
He has many friends, all of whom, while
deeply regretting to-night's occurrence,
express themselves strongly as of the
opinion that the shooting was justifiable.
He certainly has never shown himself
during his residence here in any- but a
highly favorable light.
Miller ha.-* resided here some ten or
eleven years. For a time he was exten
sively engaged in the carpet business.
Later he sold out and for about two years
conducted a livery stable. About a year
ago he purchased the paint and oil store
of J. E. Gannon on Hinton avenue, which
he has since conducted. The two men
met downtown yesterday not far from
Miller's place of business and exchanged
hot words, and to-night Is the first time
they had met since. The affair has cre
ated a great deal of comment here. At a
late hour to-night Miller's condition was
reported as being serious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OFFICERS ELECTED
BY KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
Pleasant Excursions Provided for
Those Who Did Not Attend
the Business Session.
LOS ANGELES. April 25.— At to-day's
5<--i-s!'i!i of the Grand Oomnrandery,
Knights Templar of California, the fore
nooa was occupied by the appointment of
committees and the reading of reports
nf officers. In his annual address the
retiring commander. John Francis Merrill.
f-j~toke against the use of wines at Masonic
baaqbeta and said h<* favored the passage
of a resolution prohibiting their use.
The afternoon session was devoted to
the election of officers for the ensuing
year, the result bring us follows: Grand
commander. Frederick M. Merrill of Fres
no: deputy grand commander. George B.
McKee of Pan Jo?e; grand generalissimo.
Wiliiam Frank Pierre ot Oakland: grand
captain general. William D. .Knight of
Sacramento; grand senior warden. George
Sinsabaugh of I-os Angeles : grand Junior
warden. John B. Dejarnetl of Colusa:
grand treasurer, Edward Coleman of San
Francisco; grand recorder, William E.
Davies of Pan Francisco.
The remaining officers of the Grand
Oommandery and standing committees
will be appointed and announced by th<?
grand commander to-morrow.
There was no contest for any of The
places of honor. The precedent of ad
vancing the incumbents one step each
was followed in every case excepting two.
The grand treasurer and the grand re
corder were re-elocted. Grand Commander
John F. Merrill at the close of the con
clave will hold the title of past grand
commander.
Those who did not attend the business
Mission put in an enjoyable day right
seeing. Nearly W Knights and ladies
went over to Catalina Island. The steamer
Hermosa had been specially engaged, and
while the sen was somewhat rough thf>
trip was an enjoyable one in every par
ticular. About fifty visitors went to Mount
Lowe this morning and an equal number
followed in the afternoon. Other excur
sions went out of the city by tally-ho and
the streetcars. carried their quota of sight
seers.
At the temple this evening occurred the
exemplification of the illustrious Order of
the Red Cross by Southern California
C'ommandery No. ST. This was followed
by a banquet at Blanchard Hall, which
was one of the most elaborate ever given
in the city. Orchestral music was played
during the feast and covers were, laid for
600 persons. Most of the officers of the
Grand Commandery were present and sev
eral of them responded to toasts. Robert
N. Bulla was toastmaster.
Los Angeles Commandery No. 0 has ar
ranged excursions to Pasadena and Santa
Monica to-morrow and Friday. The re
ception and ball to be given to-morrow
night at Kramer's Academy by the Los
Angeles Ladles' Drill Corps will be one
of the most brilliant social affairs ever
held here.
To-day the decorators were busy ar
ranging the innumerable yards of scarlet
tarletan that is to form the background
of the decoration?. Black, white and red.
with a sprinkling of gold, the well known
colors of thf order, will be used through
out the building. Potted plants and flow
ers of the season will be arranged in the
rear rooms, but the banquet hall, where
elaborate refreshments will be served, -will
be decorated in a manner similar to that
employed for the ornamentation of the
ballroom.
Th^ next conclave will be held in San
Francisco.
APPOINTMENT OF
FOLSOM PLEASING
TO MARYSVILLE
Fpeclal Dispatch to The Call
MARYSVILLE. April Thfl telegram
in The Call announcing the appointment
of Attorney H. H. Folsom as United
States Commissioner for Alaska in the
place of Norman E. Malcolm, resigned.
QUARREL OVER MONEY
ENDS IN SHOOTING
J. M. Miller of Santa Rosa Fatally
Wounded by Dr. H. S.
'Bogle.
LITTLE MISS LESLE JONES,
daughter of A. F. Jones, who will
be the little Carnival Queen.
A. L. McCandless. of Santa Lucia No. 9..
submitted a resolution to the Grand I ar
lor to-day providing that the custom be
not re-established. The resolution was
filed for future action after some debate,
the discussion showing a sentiment
against any such legislation. Oroville has
a candidate for grand trustee in A. \V.
Smith. He has been making no fight for
the place, and all along it has been con
ceded that one of the offices should be
his. The Zabala resolution, however, may
put a different aspect to his chances.
'The place of next meeting has finally
come up on a telegram from vallejo in
which that town offers hospitality for
1901. The offer will be acted upon to-mor
row. Santa Barbara is understood to b«
after the session now. but Y^'lfJo will
probably get it. There is no bidding for
the session this year, and it has been a
matter of surprise to the delegates that
the question has been so little in evidence
this year.
On motion of George P. Hans of Brook
lyn No. 151 June 30 of each year was set
aside as a memorial day for the order.
Each parlor will hold services for its dead,
the services to be open to all.
The following telegram was received
from Cora P.. Sifford. grand president of
the Native Daughters:
VENTURA. April CG.-lJrand Parlor, N. S.
C, W —The Native Oauehters send greeting;
to the Native Sons of the Golden West. May
loyalty and patriotism prevail. May you al
ways remain a power In the land.
This was suitably answered by tele
graph by Grand President Mattison.
A resolution submitted by Knowland,
providing for the "appointment of a com
mittee to co-operate with the people of
Monterey In their intention to turn the
Colton Hall property over to the State,
and also to assist in bringing the matter
of acceptance before the Legislature, was
adopted. The committee will be appoint
ed later.
A resolution providing for the appoint
m,ent of a committee to meet with the
Park Commissioners of San Francisco
with a view to having the park specially
and apropriately beautified for the occa
sion of the big celebration next Septem
ber was adopted. The appointment of the
committee was deferred. •
The appeal of H. G. Ekeles on behalf of
J. I. Morris, who was expelled from Los
Angeles Parlor No. 43 for failing to visit
a sick brother, was successful. The case
was remanded to Los Angeles Parlor for
retrial. Mileage to the amount of
$2543 10 was ordered paid to the delegates.
THE BIG PARADE.
OROVIT..L.E. April 25.— Arrangements
for the big parade to-morrow are begin
ning to take first place in the minds of
SNAPSHOTS TAKEN BY CARTOONIST WARREN AT OROVILLE.
one, and everybody had a full share of the
enjoyment.
The '49ers' dame was in the session hall.
W. D. Davis was floor director and with
Mrs. Davis led the grand march. His
assistants were T. R Heilly, Robert
Stranp, J. O. Walt her. Frank Mekellos,
Robert Campbell. Sam Marks. Frank At
kins and <;. M. Sparks: The programme
was in the shape of a miner's pan with a
fac simile of the Marshall nugget upon it.
The people went from the ball in the
theater to the dance in the hall and then
back again, for the guests were welcome
at either place or at both.
In the afternoon Professor Godfrey
made a successful . balloon ascension and
then dropped from his balloon in a para
chute, landing on a bar In the middle of
the river.
Thfii therf wpre three baseball games
during the day. In the first a team from
Chiro beat a team from Biggs by a soore
of 7 to G. The Honout team beat the
Oroville Athlctlr.« :» to 8 and Gridley
beat Oroville 8 to 6. The tournament will
conclude to-morrow. The prizes are 190,
SCO and $30.
A peculiar complication has entered into
the fipht for prand trustee. It seems that
at Saiinas last year the custom of giving
a grand trustee to the town entertaining
th<» Grand Tarlor was broken. Salinas
refused to put a man up for any Brand
office with the avowed intention of break
ing the custom, and the two delegates
from the Salinas parlor, P. K. Zabala and
VALLEJO PUTS IN A BID FOR THE NEXT GRAND PARLOR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TILE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 26. 1900.
| Let the bi<j |
I store make I
|an estimate |
I on your . |
I Alaskan outfit. |
1 fo€>d* clothing
I and utensils.
I j Everything II
| under one roof. I
I Goods properly 5
| packed and del- 1
8 ivered on time. I
I USE EMPORIUM
SOUTHWICK'S
EUREKA
WATERJELLY!
Sure cure for porous or punctured tires. War-
ranted to be superior Jn every way to anything
ever Invented.
ETJItKKA <¦ In us« la nearly every ahop In
Southern California and in all up-to-date shops
In Han Francisco and wtthla SO miles o£ San
Francisco. Try EIT.HKA and you will never
be without It. It fills the till.
For sale ty ail up-to-date dealers In larg*
and small can*. Cbeauest and best.
Fine Suits ££,"
Business Suits, f?*\ r\ <*\ (~*\
! rants. *4.50 f'!^^^ V'VH
Satisfaction cuar- ~^^\f
Samples sent free. L.^_^ J tEM \S H V >
JOE POHEIM, j / 11] V \
The Tailor. f/£ W | I
IUO-lli; Market st. ' JL \
;oi-:oa Montg'y st. -^^ v
Eye=Glasses
You'll Take
Both comfort and pride la. They'll fit you:
they'll become you. *Our clip won't slip. 50c.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main IX
642 Market ot. instrument*
% u«at* two.-iic:.* SutitKN*. - \
/T~~*\ strictly
BJ \ RELIABLE
|^ DR. TALCOTT
ty V^JE^fC Diseases and "W-ak-
/ \^J/\ N^ nesses of
tfw/T MEN ONLY -
\JCy/ ft 897 M»rk«t St. Cor. Bth.
' \ / Entire Upper Floor.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
F"OF* THE
|H^ CAPE NOME
L^Hi GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Will Sail From San Francisco MAY 14ti> for th»
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle. leaving there Mas 13th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
Juno rut. July list and August 2Cti». Paas«i<
ters art advised to inspect the Senator befor*
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as h»r
seoond-clasa and steerago accommodations ar»
superior to tha first-class accommodations oa
most of the steamers advertised for Nome
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
running its steamers to Alaska— winter and
summer— for 25 years and is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For farther Information In-
quire of J. F. TROWBRIDGE. Ocean Doci.
Seattle. Wash. N. POSTON. 2« Washlnztoa
•t.. Portland. Or. W. PARRI3, m w«st Sec-
ond St.. Los Angeles, CaL GOOD All*. PER-
KINS A CO.. Gen. Agents. 4 New Montgomery
«t.. or 10 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American Steamship
ZE^LANDIA,
CAPACITY 3000 TONS FOR
NOME Direct,
SalUns from San Francisco
First Sailing May 21, 1900
Second Sailing (Cepjnji) June 25. 1 900
S. S. mORIVING STAR.
I.rect
Tnrougn bervlce for Dawson and Yukon River
Points.
For Rates. Passengers and Freight. Apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO..
139 POST STREET.
* Few di«c3fcs are wor^e. "Thousands '*." " : ':jnßgJ ¦-'¦
1 of other troubles wreck a man's frame ' IIk&m I '''¦•'¦
for" a day. or else debilitate him, but I lUfff \ ¦'
Rheumatism -pinches, grinds, pull* and jlftff
hauls, tears and squeezes the victim until ~ //' ¦// \ '¦'¦
I Death Would Seem a Great Relief. I |jf \jjs
r i Yet he lives to face another attack— 11 y^Tl .Sj^;>'.'- :
? It is a painful and sometimes a very " &J*
dangerous disease. The cause is im-
\ pure blood. 8
\ SYMPTOMS:
' In an Bttar-lf of aeut» rhf-umatlsm, as> of \.hr knee Joint, for rxamp!<\ th»re is r*d-
n^s». heat, pain and celling. Inflammation, wiih <oni>M<.-rabl«> fever, hiuh pulse, flushed
; cl>e^k«. coated tf.npije. hea^Rch'-. loss of appetite, nausea, constipation, etc.
« CHROXIC KHEI'MATISM ixuwMi ul pain*, lameness and stiffness of the different
, Joints and ether j'arl* of the body. Th° pain* nre pener.illy worse at night, oom-
nvnolnK nn poms to lw»d: the Joint* are often swollen, but not so much as tn the s«-ute
f..rm. Whrn the patient remain;; at r«-bt for a time he will have pains and stiffness in
the affected part, Khicb will disappear efter movinr about for a time.
j Those who are suffering with Rheumatism
; 'wil! find ELECTROZO.NE the most effectual of all
\ remedies. -It acts directly on the blood and re-
\ moves all impurities.
ELECTROZONE WILL POSITIVELY CURE
Bfaeofflatism, ELECTROZONE Kidney aQd B , add;r Troub . eSf
Stem :ch Troubles, \ y/OMEN Female Complaints,
Catarrh, AND Dysp;psii, /
All Blood Diseases. MEN. Nervousness.
CUKED AT TUB AfiE OK 67— "Your Electrozone has done me more c.-»od than
next I have in Lob Ang-ele? micA during the past three years for medical attendance.
My rheumatism ha* entirely gone and tU" stomach difficulty also. I can now eat with-
out dirtreys food that during the !iat=t seven yearn I have not been able to touch. 1 .
eleep round the ent'.re night." JOHN CAMI'BKLU.
At ell drugffißts, fl a bottle. Send for pamphlet to ELECTROZOXt: MFG. CO.,
F*n I"ra ncisco.
2
OROVILLE. April 2T>.-The sky was
overcast this morning: and Orovllla
was in despair. Grand Marshal
<"arr. who has chargre of to-mor
row's parade, tore his hair and
rushed around to the old Inhabitants col
lecting opinions on the weather prospects.
That the rain had come was every one's
thought, but the town rose to the occasion
once more and by noon the same old sun
was out. It was not perfectly clear to
night, but there seems no further danger
of a sprinkle.
The great event of the day— one excitinc:
oven more interest than the telegram from
VallejO asking for the Grand Parlor of
IMl— was the grand ball in the I'nion
Theater, and perhaps next to that was the
'4?ers' dance in the session hall.
The prand march in the theater was led
by Grand President Frank Mattison. with
Mrs. E. B. Ward. E. B. Ward acted as
floor dirertor and his assistants were K. T.
Miller, G. W. Biadcn. Dr. T. B. Rcardon,
J. W. Ashley. R. S. KJ trick. G. J. <'arr.
W. W. Reec<\ W. A. Ward. Or. E. A.
Kusel and B. C. Whitinp. The pro-
Bnimmes were in the form of oranges,
tastefully covered and prettily marked.
There was a bl^ crowd and a bohemian
Special Dispatch to The Call.COPPERSMITH,
jofrpn rrx. nu . v bltth. Mcr.
?.. «• V * td 6blp Work « Specialty. U
«i<J UWaeb:=rtcn st. Telephone Mala MU.
pneumatic tube service. "It is so mal
odorous from beginning to end," said he,
"that it should die the death of a dog."
"Smoke the rascals out." cried Little,
"and we on this side of the House will
stay with you."
Moody said it was not a pleasant thing
for him to exploit the scandal which had
been uncovered by the Postal Commission,
cf which he was a member, but he consid
ered it his duty to do so. He declared
that former Second Assistant Postmaster
General Nlelson, under whom the first ex
periments in the pneumatic-tube service
were made, when he retired accepted
from the company $1000 in cash and $10,0)0
in stock for his services here during the
succeeding year. What that service could
be. Moody said, he could not Imagine.
These facts, he said, had been brought
out by the commission. John E. Milhol
land of New York, he said, was the presi
dent of the tube company.
Moody's next statement startled tho
House and created a sensation. Tlie tube
service, he said, had been constructed by
contractors, who took their pay in stock
and bonds. The only asset was its con
tract with the Government.
"I regret to say." continued Moody, de
liberately, "that one of the principal hold
ers of these stocks and bonds was a mem
ber of this House and a member of the
Committee on Appropriations."
"Give his name, shouted Livingston of
Georgia.
"I will not." replied Moody.
Then he added another sensational
statement to the effect that a large block
of the stock had been sent to a near rela
tive of a prominent member of the House
as a New Year's gift. "But I am proud
to cay." said Moody, "that the return
mail carried back that dishonoring and
dishonorable gift."
When the applause that greeted this
statement had died out Moody appealed
to the House not to indorse "this sort of
transaction."
President shall be acceptable to the Peo
ple's. Democratic and Silver Republican
parties. A conference- to this end is recom
mended.
DEWEY RECEIVES THE
GIFT OF MANY CHILDREN
Handsome Gold Watch Raised by
"One Cent" Subscriptions Pre
sented to the Admiral.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— Admiral
Dewey to-day received a delegation rep
resenting 50.(X,"0 children In the Northwest,
who presented to him as a token of tho
regard and esteem of the donors, a beau
tiful gold watch and fob. The money was
raised entirely by "one cent" subscrip
tions, the movement being started by
Archie Cadzow of Rose Mount, Minn.
The names of all the contributors, to
gether with a story of the enterprise,
made up from newspaper clippings, and
prepared In the form of a beautiful book,
accompanied the watch, which is 22-karat
gold, bearing the monogram *"G. D." in
gold enamel on the front of the case, and
the admiral's fiag In blue and white
enamel on the back. On the Inside of tha
case are the names of the Spanish shlpa
destroyed in Manila harbor and the in
scription:
"Presented to Admiral Dewey by tha
children of Minneapolis and the North
west, May 1. 1500, each donor contributing^
one cent."
Attached is a fob of very unique and
beautiful design, made of gold and black
gun metal. The watch and the fob are
made from gold, black gun metal and
copper obtained from the Philippines. tht»
gun metal and copper being from ships
destroyed in Manila harbor.
The hours are marked on the gold dial
not by Roman or Arabic numerals but
by the letters of the admiral's name,
there being ele'/en of them— Just enough,
with the space between Christian and sur
name.
LODGE TO PRESIDE.
Selected by National Committee to
Conduct the Convention.
CHICAGO. April 25.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Washington says:
Senator Wolcott is to be temporary chair
man of the Republican National Conven
tion at Philadelphia and Senator Henry
Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts la to be
permanent chairman of the same gath
ering. These selections have been mads
by the Repuolican National Committee.
Columbus Convention
Adopts a Platform
as Dictated by the
President
pyOLUMBUS. Ohio. April 23.— The Re-
I publican State Convention here to-
I day was of national significance.
I . The delegates and alternates at
large represent close personal as
well as political friends of the President,
and the platform is just as it came from
Washington, with the addition of the
anti-trust resoiution and the omission of
the Porto Rican resolution.
The so-called "Hanna" slata on dele
gates and alternates at large and the
State ticket went through without any
trouble.
There was. however, opposition to Food
Commissioner Blackburn because he was
running for a third term and for other
locx.l reasons, and to General Grosvenor
for delegate from the friends of ex-Gov
erncr Bushneil. The opposition, how
ever, was unsuccessful. * Attention was
called to the fact that General Grosvenor
wks a delegate at large four years ago
and that he had been a district delegate
to national conventions ever since the Re
publican party had existed. At this con
vention. Jt was charged, he was mere
than the chairman 01 the committee on
resolutions, that he had brought the plat
form with him and had successfully re
sisted any material revisions. The efforts
cf the Bushneil men to substitute some
one in place of Urosvenor made an un
usually interesting acene, which reached
Sis climax when J. Frank McGrew, ex-
Kepresentative-and son-in-law of former
Governor Uusnr.cil. was Epeaking on his
amendment to strike out Grosvenor and
insert Hanna. McGrew eulogized Hanna,
whom he has heretofore opposed, and said
tne Democrats would make capital out of
the action of the Republicans of the Pres
ident's State if Senator Hanna were not
made one of the "big four."
Hanna Defies Democratic Opinion.
When Senator Hanna was finally called
to the front of the platform the speech of
the ex-Representative caused the Senator
to proclaim emphatically:
"What do I caxe what the Democrats
say about me?v
In declining to be a delegate. Senator
Hanna delivered a philippic against what
he termed •"expediencies."
When Senator Hanna said he would not
serve as a delegate there was a motion to
strike out Grosvenor and insert ex-Gover
nor Foster. Foster stepped to the front
of the platform and declined because he
"would not want to 'break the excellent
Elate that has been brought to Ohio from
Washington."
The resolution making Foraker, Nash.
Grosvenor and Dick the delegates at large
was offered by ex-Senator Massie of Gros
venor's Congressional district, and the
Busnnell men charged that it was the
Grosvenor plan to avoid balloting. As
soon as this resolution was adopted Gen
eral Grosvtnor offered a resolution Just
like it by which the four alternates at
large were also selected in a bunch with
out any of the forms of presenting names
or balloting.
The committee on credentials found the
only contest in Washington County, and
reported in favor of seating both delega
tions, with each member having one-half
vote. Ex-Representative Taylor, who led
the opposition, insisted that this report
would be like Congress allowing Roberts
of Utah one-fourth vote and his three
wives each one-fourth vote. Taylor's mo
tion to seat the delegates selected under
the call of the State Committee and to
unseat the contestants carried — ayes 455,
noes 25?.
Named by Acclamation.
The following nominations were made
by acclamation:
In Pennsylvania Quay
Is Pledged Support
for Re-election to
the Senate/
American-built. American-owned and
American-manned ships may regain the
carrying of our foreign commerce. The
country is congratulated that the money
question no longer disturbs business con
ditions and that the gold standard is now
accepted as the monetary unit of value.
The election of United States Senators by
the people la favored and an amendment
to the Federal constitution to that effect
Is demanded.
The convention declares Its continued
belief in the political and personal in
tegrity of ex-Senator Quay and records
its firm conviction of the Governor's right
to appoint him to a seat in the United
States Senate.
As delegates at large Senator Quay, ex-
Senator Charles A. Porter and James El
verson of Philadelphia, B. W. Green of
Emporium, ex-Congressman John H.
Leisening of Wilkesbarre, Congressman
William Connell of Scranton. State Chair
man Frank Reeder of Easton and J. B.
Steele of Westmoreland were unanimous
ly elected.
HARMONY CHARACTERIZES
WISCONSIN CONVENTION
Republicans of the State Indorse the
Administration and Reaffirm
the Platform of 1896.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., April 25.— The Re
publican State convention, which was held
to-day at the Davidson Theater In this
city, elected the following delegates at
large to the Republican national conven
tion at Philadelphia: Joseph B. Treat of
Monroe, H. August Ludke of Milwau
kee. Isaac S. Stephenson of Marinette.
James H. Stout of Menominee. The alter
nates are: O. H. Baxter of Lancaster, A.
J. Frame of Waukesha, John L. Erdell of
Madison, N. C. Foster of Eau Claire.
Presidential electors at large were nomi
nated as follows: Atley Pater son of
Crawford County. A. C. Weissert of Mil
waukee County.
The convention was characterized by
harmony throughout. Resolutions In
dorsing both the national and the State
administrations were unanimously adopt
ed.
INDIANA REPUBLICANS
TO SUPPORT M'KINLEY
Platform Adopted Compliments the
Executive Upon His Ad
ministration.
INDIANAPOLIS. April 23.— The pro
grammes arranged for the opening ses
sion of the Republican State Convention
were carried out to the letter this after
noon without a note of discord.
The Impression seemed to gradually
gain strength to-night that in case Grif
fiths fails to receive sufficient support
Hogate will receive the vote of the
Griffiths men for Governor.
The platform adopted comments upon
the present prosperity of the country, re
fers to the achievements of the army and
navy during the last war. and the fact
that Spanish cruelty In Cuba has been
abolished. President McKinley is compli
mented upon the success of his adminis
tration, and there is pledged the hearty
support of the Republican party In In
diana to his renominatlon and re-election
as a just and well-deserved reward for
his splendid services to the nation.
PNEUMATIC
MAIL TUBES
VOTED DOWN
Sensational Disclosures Lead
to Their Rejection by
the House.
MOODY TELLS OF BRIBER!
Bays One of the Principal Owners
cf Stock in the Subsidized
Ccncem "Was a Member
cf Congress,
«
WASHINGTON. April 25.— The House
to-day put Us he^l upon the pneumatic
mall tube service r.ow In operation In New
York. Boston and Philadelphia, and if Its
action stands the whole service will be
crushed cut. The PcstcCice Committee
bad recommended an increase of the ap
propriation for this service from $225,000
to fTC'.OOO. The proposed increase was at
tacked by the Appropriations Committee
BUder the leadership of Moody of Massa
chusetts, with s-ch vigor and success that
in the er.l the House voted 87 to 50 to
COXGSESSMA3 W. H. HOODT, \
VTI-.D led the opposition to the
pneumatic tube appropriation.
strike th* entire appropriation from the
bill. Moo<ly created a sensation by the
manner in ¦which he assailed the methods
of ih* rheumatic txibe company and made
the direct charpe that a former member
of Cor.pn'-ss. who was a member of the
Appropriations Committee, had been a
holder oi the stock and bonds of the com
pany. He declined to disclose the gentle
man's name. He added to the scandal by
charging that a block cf stock had been
Mat as a New Year's gift to a near rela
tive cf another member of Congress, but
to the credit cf the member, he said, the
dishonoring sift had b^en returned to the
e< r.^<=r by the next mail.
Moody aE«a!:ed the whole history of the
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS EOYES (S CO **'¦*»** Butcher*. UM
BAJ- UUJWd WV-, ojiy. TeL Mala IZH.
CCAU COKB ANO PIO iaO.%
JCW II SOS' *f 0 *°° Battery Stnet.
.'¦ l» H 1L3U.1 g WUm Telephoo* Mala JIM.
GROWS SEVEN INCHES
WITHIN TWO WEEKS
Remarkable Physical Development of
a New York Lad 3>ying of
Consumption.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 25.— According to the
statement of members of his family, Har
ry Dribble, 18 years old, who died last
Sunday from consumption, grew seven
Inches In two weeks. He had apparently
attained his growth several years ago.
When he became bedridden two weeks
ago he was about 5 feet 6 inches In height,
but when he was measured for a coffin
after death his family were surprised to
find that he had grown to 6 feet. No one
noticed that he was growing during his
Illness. When he was 14 years old he was
pronounced tall for his age. put after his
fourteenth year his growth was slow.
Ladles, you are cordially Invited to at-
tend the opening: reception of the Bon Ton
Co.'s Parlors at 221 Post street, opp. Union
sauaro. to-day. from ID a. m. tn fi n. m.»
JURY SECURED TO
TRY VICTOR BOUTON
Prominent Men Subpenaed as Wit
nesses in the Nevada Cattle •
Stealing Case.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev.. April 25.— A Jury
was secured late last evening in the cele
brated Bouton cattle stealing cases. The
defense, represented by H. \ Warren, cre
ated a sensation by Issuing subpenaes for
George Nixon, the 'Winnemucca banker;
\V. C. Savage and F. J. Bouton, prominent
cattle men, as witnesses for the defense.
The trial will last a week.
COUNT FESTETICS HELD
PRISONER BY NATIVES
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1300. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
•PORT SAID. April 25.-<:ount FesteUcs
do Tolna, wbo arrived on the Birchtor.
was on Minlcoy. Island three months after
the wreck of his yacht Tolna. The Inhab
-lLa-nta rendered no assistance and staU
Ells Wife insisted
And he thought he'd humor her, no
doubt. The result shows that a man
rarely loses by following his wife's ad-
vice. Those who suffer from obstinate
cough, bronchitis, weak lungs and ail-
ments in general which tend to con-
sumption, will find speedy relief and
perfect cure in the use of Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It cures
ninety-eight per cent, of those who give
it a fair and faithful trial. It purifies
the blood, heals the lungs and thulds up
the body with firm flesh instead of flabby
fat. The "Discovery" contains no alco-
hol, neither opium, cocaine, nor other
narcotics.
"Only for Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery I think I would be in my grave to-day,"
writes Mr. Moses Miles, of Hilliard. Uinta Co.,
Wyoming. "I bad asthma so bad I could not
sleep at night and was compelled to give up
work. It affected my lungs so that I coughed
all the time, both day and night. My fricnd3
all thought I had consumption. My wife had
taken Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription, and it
had helped her so much she insisted on my try-
ing his • Golden Medical Discovery '—which I
did. I have taken four bottles and am now a
well man, weighing 185 pounds, thanks to Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. I would
like you to print this testimony as it may help
some other poor sufferer."
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser, in paper
binding, free on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps to'pay expense of mailing only.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
dilii
f^rf JllllCl.
HUDYAN— MI Drnjl«!sts— soc.
For a. r*m*<!y that will afford you Immediate
r»Uef ie wJthin your reach. That reraedi Is
HUDTAX. HUDYAN Is a boon to women. lor
It corrects all those ¦ weaknesses and disorders
that art peculiar to .women.
Not* the followinff symptoms .and If , they
! describe your case take HL'DYAN. for HUD-
yaV will cure you: Headache and sunken
fV ni also dark circles under eyes (Fix. 1):
twltchlruc of corners of mouth, coated toneue.
offensive breath (Fir. 2): choking sensation
(Fir 3>- palpitation cr fluttering of heart (Fig.
4)- i'n-oaircd dlcestion or bloating of stomach
(TIK i)' costivtnefs, weakness, pain In back.
i^le-r«s ter.d»ncy to faint; these symptoms are
ill corrected by the rreat HUDYAN.. HUD-
Y\N cures permanently, for It goes to the bot-
tom' of the evil and exerts Its curative Influence
HUDYAN promctly restores the glow of
health, rosy cheeks, brlcht eyes. en«Tjy,
strength' activity, because HUDYAN makes
rich blood and rives a renewed Impetus to the
circulation. HUDYAN elves strength and ton*
to the entire orsanlsm. HUDYAN promotes
Bound Bleep, cures nervousness, headaches and
all those complications of female weakness.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druezisu— 6oc a pack.
a?e cr six packaees for %2 CO.
If your drupßißt does not keep HITDYAN send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. corner
Stockton Ellis and Market streets, .: San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
? ? of tfce Hudyan Renjedy
innrTOPCI Co - "> a y be .consulted
DUL 1 UriO I by letter or In person.
•? ? Write your s.mptoros.
SEND FOR CIP.CUL.AR3 AND TESTIMO-
NIALS OF THE GREAT HUDYAN. FREE. J
MURDERED BY
WILD CHINESE
ON THE BORDER
How Dr. Kiddle and Suther
land Met Their
Death.
VANCOUVER. B. C. April 23.— The de
tails of the Kiddle-Sutherland murders
were received from Burmah to-day by the
steamer Empress of China, twelve days
from Yokohama. The aggressors in this
outrage were the Was or "wild" Was, as
they are commonly called, living In Meng
kaus. - A party, including Dr. Kiddle,
Sutherland and J. H. Lytton, with an es
cort in charge of a Chinese non-commls-
Eioned officer, were suddenly attacked
from ambush by the Was, who were arm
ed with crossbows, stones and arrows.
During the retreat. Dr. Kiddle and Suth
erland were wounded by crossbows and
while lying on the ground were stoned to
death by the Was. Lytton was rendered
temporarily Insensible by a stone, but,
recovering, he seized a gun and shot a
Was, who was going to finish him with
a spear. Four of the Chinese escort were
killed. The Chinese sergeant, although
severely wounded, behaved with gallantry.
Three days after this outrage, the
united British and Chinese forces attacked
the Was and a sharp encounter took
place, the entire spur of the Was stock
ades being cleared. The group of Was
vHlages implicated in the original attack
were then made objects of attack by the
British-Chinese force and as a result 2000
houses were burned and sixty Was were
killed. In this second fight four Chinese
were killed and twenty wounded, while of
the British force one Ghurka was killed
and five wounded.
The Tsung Li Yamen has received a
telegram from Chinese officials in Yunnan
to the effect that British troops, rein
forced by 200 men from Burmah. destroyed
and burned the Chinese fortresses at Te
Tso and Pa Nih. on the Burmah-Yunnan
frontier, killing eight Chinese soldiers.
This was in reprisal for an attack upon
the British commission. The Yamen was
terrified by this intelligence and Immedi
ately sent a humble message to the Brit
ish Minister. Sir Claude Mac Donald, beg
ging him to prevent any further drastic
measures by the British troops on the
frontier, promising to make every effort
to give full redress by China for the out
rage if the British solfliers were re
strained. They begged the Minister to
use his Influence to obtain a peaceful set
tlement and a calm Investigation into the
outrage. Mac Donald declined to Influence
British action in Yunnan.
TO ACQUIRE
TITLE TO BIG
TREE GROVES
Bills Introduced in Both
the Senate and the
House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTEBS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, April 25.—
Senator Perkins to-day Introduced a bjll
providing the means of acquiring title to
two gTOves of Sequoia glgantea in the
State of California with the view to mak
ing a national park thereof.
The bill In part provides that within
sixty days after the passage of the act
the Attorney General shall cause a pe
tition to be filed on behalf of the United
States in the Circuit Court of the United
States for the district in which said lands
are situated, praying that all persons
claiming any title or Interest in any of
said lands be cited to appear before said
court within the time to be prescribed by
the court and establish such title or in
terest, and that just and equitable as
certainment be had of compensation to
be made by the United States to the sev
eral owners and persons Interested in the
lands if they are taken by the United
States for public purposes as herein con
templated. The petition shall state the
names of owners and persons interested
in the lands so far as known, and they
shall be notified of the pendency of pro
ceedings In like manner as are defend
ants in suits in equity commenced in that
court affecting: the title to real estate
situated within its jurisdiction. 'When the
respective interests in the lands shall have
been ascertained the court shall, through
three capable and disinterested commis
sioners, acting under its direction and
subject to its approval, ascertain the
value of respective interests of all per
sons interested In said lands, and shall
declare the compensation to be made to
each person if the lands are taken by the
United States for public purposes as
aforesaid. If the title to the lands shall
be so acquired by the United States the
parks shall be under the control and man
agement of the Secretary of the Interior,
and all laws of the United States per
taining to Yellowstono National Park, so
far as may be applicable, shall at once
become extended to the parks so acquired
and established.
Representative De Vrtes Introduced a
similar bill In the House.
ADVZBTISEBIENTS.
all they could, including 2600 rupees and a
brass cannon.
Count Festetlcs landed all that was pos-
Flble and then burned the yacht. This
action Incensed the natives and thereupon
the black British subjects in charge of
the lighthouse, fearing to be held respon
sible for Count Festetics' death. If It oc
curred, shut him up In the lighthouse and
kept him there for a month until he was
released by the advent of the Blrchtor.
He will leave probably on Monday by the
Peninsular express for Brindisl and thence
to Trieste. .
The yacht was not Insured. He has
saved his vast collection of curiosities and
is In excellent health.
SIBERIAN WHEAT IS OF
INFERIOR QUALITY
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 25.^Tapa
nese papers publish Interviews with Wil
liam Bunker, representative of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce in
Japan. Mr. Bunker is of the opinion that
there is no ground for fearing that Siberia
will become a serious competitor of the
United States in wheat raising. He says
wheat grown In Eastern Siberia Is inferior
to the American product, and even when,
produced from California seed It deterior
ates. Another feature noted by Mr.
Bunker while In Russia was the presence
of quantities of American flour at every
landing place along the Amur.
Concerning lumber, Mr. Bunker says
that despite the abundance of forests
from Vladivostok to the Urals, the trees
are small, the greater part of the lumber
used coming from Puget Sound districts.
Thus far the Trans-Siberian Railway has
benefited commercial Interests In tho
United States more than all Europe com
bined, with the exception of Russia.
Populists Indorse Bryan.
FLORENCE, Colo., April 23.— The Popu
lists in convention to-day adopted a plat
form declaring Bryan to be the choice of
the party and that It is of the highest
Importance that the candidate for Vice
OHIO REPUBLICAN PLATFORM.
COLUMBUS, April 25.— The platform adopted by the Repnblican State Con
vention reaffirms the declaration of principles made by the Republican party
In St. Louis in 1596, and continues:
We cordially indorse the wise and patriotic administration of President McKln
ley. These signal achievements In war and peace. In statesmanship and diplomacy,
mark an epoch in the history of the nation, and whese brilliant success justifies and
demands, in the highest Interests of the country, the uninterrupted continuance
thTwgh another term of his great but uncompleted work. Confronting unprecedented
requirements at home and unexampled responsibilities abroad, he has met them with
a courage, fidelity and strength which have given Mm an enduring place la th« con
fidence and affection of his countrymen.
Every pledge of his administration has been faithfully redeemed. It has dispelled
long business depression, restored the protection of American labor and industry, re
wakened universal confidence, re-established a prosperity unparalleled, assured to labor
tho steadiest employment and the highest pay. opened cow fields of enterprise and
new markets far trade. It has brought to agriculture a better condition than for many
years, fixed the gold standard upon firm foundations of law and made our national
currency larger In volume and sure In value and lifted our national credit to the
highest plane any nation has ever reached.
In the broader field of world duty and influence It has met an unavoidable war for
humanity with unecualed vigor and success: has crowned the matchless triumph of
our arms en sea and land with the courageous acceptance of Its h.'rh and solemn ob
ligation; has faithfully studied and sought equally the true honor of the nation and
the greatest good of the peoples who have come under our flag, and has, through the wise
use of expanded* opportunity, led our country on pathways of greatness and renown.
We reaffirm the principle In which the Republican party has Us birth, and of which
Abraham Lincoln was elected President, that the representatives of the people have
full power over territory belonging to the United States, In harmony with and sub
ject to the fundamental safeguards of our free Institutions for liberty. Justice and
personal rights. We sustain the President and Congress In exercising this power with
due rerard for the safety and welfare of the Union, and with the most Just, gener
ous, humane and fraternal consideration for those over whom the authority of the na
tion Is extended. We advocate for them free schools, full security of life, liberty and
prosperity, the meet liberal measures for the development of their agriculture and
Industry. »nd the largest degree of local self-rule fcr which they are fitted. We have faith
In American patriotism, character and capacity, and we know that American gov
ernment will extend the Inestimable blessings of freedom, law and civilization to
the peoples who are brought under our protection.
The provisions of the treaty of Paris are approved In every particular.
On this subject the platform continues:
That sovereignty (the Philippines) must not be repudiated and the hl^h motive of
its orictn must result In the establishment of peace and order and the blessings of
Individual liberty among the peoples of the Phllij>:>ln« Islands.
The platform favors such legislation by Congress as will encourage- and
promote a United States merchant marine. The plank on trusts is as follows:
The Republican party of Ohio stands committed to legislative and executive oppo
sition to threatening combinations of capital that «eelc to restrict competition and
etlfle lndet>endent Investments that are material to the Industrial development or the
State and the lareest emDlorment of labor, but we insist that Injurious combina
tions shall be forbidden and so-called trusts shall be so regulated from time to time
and be so restricted to guarantee Immunity from hurtful monopoly and assure fair
treatment and protection to all competing Industries.
The platform strongly indorses the administration of Governor Nash and
declares for a uniform system of municipal government.
Secretary of State— L. C. Laylin.
Supreme Judge— John A. Shank.
School Commissioner— Lewis D. Bone
brake.
Member of the Board of Public Works-
Charles A. Goddard.
For Food and Dairy Commissioner the
names of Joseph E. Blackburn, who has
served two terms: Byron Lutz, \\ilnam
H. Stewart and Thomas J. Harbaugh were
presented. Blackburn was nominated on
the second ballot over Lutz, the others
withdrawing. tt-hh
For electors at large General William
P. Orr of Plqua and Colonel Myron T.
Herrick of Cleveland were nominated by
acclamation. -,«•/-.
Charles Foster. Myron A. N orris, W. C.
Brown and George A. Myers were selected
as alternates at large to the Philadelphia
convention. Adjourned sine die.
PLEDGES SUPPORT
TO COLONEL QUAY
Pennsylvania Bepublican Convention
Urges His Re-election to
the Senate.
HARRISBURG, Pa.. April 25.— The Re
publican State convention, which was
held in this city to-day, cordially indorsed
the administration of President William
McKinley and instructed the delegates to
the national convention at Philadelphia
to support his candidacy for renomina
tion. The convention also declared in fa
vor of the electlcn of United States Sena-
tors In the fame manner that State offi
cers are elected; indorsed Senator Pen
rose, tho administration of Governor
Stone and other State officials and pledged
its "hearty and cordial support" of Col
onel M. S. Quay for re-election to the
United States Senate.
The convention nominated Senator F.
B. Hardenberg of Wayne County for Aud
itor General and Galusha A. Grow of
Susquehanrta County and Robert H.
Foerderer of Philadelphia for Congress
men at large. The indorsement of Colonel
Quay was opposed by Senator William
Flynn of Pittsburg, the leader of the anti-
Quay Republicans In the last Legislature.
Mr. Flynn explained that he was In sym
pathy with the platform in everything
except this plank, and moved that It be
stricken out. His motion was defeated
and the platform was adopted as reported
from the committee.
Senator Penrose, as chairman, read the
platform as agreed to by the committee
on resolutions. The platform reaffirms
the last national Republican platform. A
comparison is drawn between what Is
termed the deplorable conditions pre
vailing at the close of the Cleveland ad
ministration and the industrial activity
and the financial security at the close of
the present administration. It indorses
the present administration and instructs
the national delegates for MclCinley. It
declares for the national defense; for the
reinforcement of the navy; for the en
largement of our foreign markets; for the
employment of American workmen in the
mines, forests, farms, mills, factories and
shipyards; the immediate enactment of
legislation similar to that favorably re
ported to each branch of Congress bo that
REPUBLICANS OF FOUR STATES
INDORSE THE ADMINISTRATION
QUAY HILL
MAKE WAR
ON HANNA
His Friends May Defeat the
Shipping Bill in the
Senate.
HAVE DUG UP THE HATCHET
Threaten to 'Oppose Every Measure
That Has the Support of
the Senator From
Ohio.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. April 23.—
Among politicians at the Capitol and
about the departments to-day little else
was talked about than the defeat of Quay
In his attempt to force his way into the
Senate, Ko one believes that the battle
is ended. Indeed, those who know Quay
best. friends and foes alike, assert that
he is too good a fighter to give up Just be
cause of one disaster. Perhaps the most
important announcement made to-day was
that which came from Quay's friends in
the Senate to tho effect that the result of
Senator Hanna's attitude in the contest
which ended yesterday and which caused
the defeat of Quay will be that every
measure in which the chairman of the
Republican National Committee Is inter
ested will be defeated unless the Demo
crats break party lines. So bitter are
Quay Republicans at Senator Hanna that
they openly announce that they will de
feat the subsidy bill for no other reason
than that he is interested 1n its success.
"Xot only will the subsidy bill fail this
session, but it will be defeated whenever
it is brought up," said a leading Repub
lican Senator to a number of newspaper
correspondents this afternoon. "Hanna
will learn that it is more blessed to give
than to receive. Heretofore he has been
receiver general of the party. It would
be folly for us to say that the defeat of
Quay will endanger the party in Pennsyl
vania, but you may be sure that other
means of retaliatioa will be taken. Han
na is a nice man to ascend to moral ele
vation, there to announce that he cannot
vote against his principles. Why, look at
his own admission to the Senate. He
came to Washington under charges of
greater seriousness than were ever pre
ferred against Quay. He moved all of the
partisan machinery under his control to
save himself from an investigation, and
the best that he could get was a party
vote. The party saved him and this is his
gratitude. Well, he will find that more
than one can play at that game. He
will be zero in the Senate from this time
so far as his ability to influence legislation
and if he ever makes another misstep he
will fall harder than Quay has fallen."
Quay In an interview says he will bo
re-elected by the next Legislature.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1900.
iTATIONEV AND PRINTED
7c> £S£ blB EABTBIDGE **<**%?•
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. Egft^Z
IjUMOM) COAL MINING CO.. at lt» GREEN
rjVEII CCLLIEKIES. 1. the n*«t Co*l lTct«
Btncb o:ac. *&* Yu6»-4M iUia stmt.
Ji
¦ x czs 4.0 c 4*
i Our ex qualities — «b n
' everybody knows them — S
1 7 kinds — 3 days 5
j; Sugar 21 lbs for f, 1. 00 I
R Grar.ulsted — Urn it 42 lbs 5
} \ Free delivery in San Fran- 5
J ~ cisco. Alameda, Berkeley, L 1L 1
|1 Oakland. 5 days. c
t Corn Meal 15c I
I- ro Ib sacks — pcra •*«* M
1 a flyer for 3 days a
E LcnOX Soap ro cakes 25C I
t Frre theater tickets for rj
P coupons — regular 8 for 25c B
L three days snap ' U
U Coffee 7 lbs $ 1 .00 I
• I Mexican^- f cvr know how p
j ¦;' good it is — roasted — 3 days r'
I Raisins B^c |
i ] London layer dusters v |
! ; — a delicious desert — P
•:¦ regnlar i2^jc ft
I Crackers 47c |
j Medium size box **>* tj
1 about 20 lbs — extra soda—* P
crisp, fresh and delicious — B
3 c«.y< sale R
i CASW S?O^E J
rK 23-27 MARKET ST. S. F.
PI Ik Olli Q TT7Q TT TT > A^l7' &i
llk bILICLWdj lIUUK !|
H to select. You can have the " \§' .ra^Sijl ft \^ fe{
p coat and vest black and the % i^lM ra|j j ji\ jV j§|
Wi pants light, or the suit the |! H rajlm k) fe^
same throughout. In fact I| I!\ fM;»]\ r'Sl
IS| you willbe entirely pleased, |j [{\ «fl|]j|j\ l^f
pas you will get a stylish. 1! fSj j\ |'Jt
l! at a most moderate price. 6 || W*
-3s If you reside out of San Francisco liilii'l _J*Cl a:1
yJk write for catalogue No. 2 containing «'(• I ¦^^S&A. IPs!
J^ samples; also self-measurement blank. JfejUaM Js*sl^itt\ \'^\
MjS Our specialty— filling mail orders for /&jf£3^^^~^x£^L K2l
&| 718 Market St.. and Cor. Powell and Eddy. \^A
DB. KTLMEB'S SWA2TP-BOOT.
How to Find Out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let It stand twenty-four
hours: a sediment or settling indicates
an unhealthy condition of the kidneys:
If it stains the linen it is evidence of
kidney trouble: too frequent desire to
pass it or pain In the back la also con-
vincing proof that the kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There Is comfort In the knowledsa
so often expressed that Dr. Kllmer*3
Swamp-Root, the gTeat kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish In curing rheuma-
tism, pain In the back, kidneys, liver,
bladder and every part of the urinary
passag-e. It corrects inability to hold
water and scaldmsr pain In passing it.
or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that un-
pleasant necessity of being compelled
to go often during the day and to tret
up many times during the night. The
mild and the extraordinary effect of
Swamp- Root Is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists In fifty-cent and one-
dollar sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery and a book that
tell 3 more about it. both sent absolutely
free by mall. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Blnghamton. N. Y. When writing men-
tion that you read thts generous offer
In the San Francisco Dally Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues ana Price Lists Mails l
on Application.
fXPIU DEALERS.
WrLLASIETTEW r LLA5IETTE I*L'"'1 * L '"' A *u D j* AP =* co -
If J.Lfli.li.l »i< R! Uanttcmnr ft.
PIiXXTUfJ.
r- C- HH.IILJ. Ml Kec.otr* «t.. S. T.
3ST. LOUIS NOW LEADS.
Etr.ndirg of Eastern Clubs Is Shifted
About Some-what.
STANDING CF THK CLUBS.
CJOba— W. L P^ ¦ Clubs— W. L Pc.
P». L'l's 4 1 .km Cincinnati ... I 3 ..'-ftt .
rhUmi^lTihla * 2 -«M N'pw Yrrk J 3 .4-'*> \
RrooJdru ....3 2 .W* HnFtnn 2 4 .S€G '
Pfttsburc .... 3 3 .»8 Cnlcapo 1 4 .290 •
PHILADELPHIA. April ».— PbUadelphla lost j
tr-day's pan? tbroosfa *-rr^rs. Despite the j
a.iiiplHys. however, the lr^cals had
diancea to win. notably in the last inning,
(diea <"rti!"s hatted for Platt. Two men were ¦
act and the l>as<»s were full, but Chiles was
not equal %n the occasion an-1 «tru< k out. I
Attendance. ."ITS. Fcritr:
Clul>s- P.. H. E. ;
Hrocklyn € 9 2 ¦
Philadelphia 4 11 S
Hatterlef — Piatt and MrFarlanfl; Dunn and i
SlcOnire. t'mrire— Kmslie.
FT. LOT'IP. April ¦•"..— Chicago outplayed St. !
I^ouis in th» fi<]<l and at the bat, but could :
n-n win. Tln» viFitors jra<-e a listless exhibition '
of baten.i.Mine whr-never they had a chance to '
cc.ore. Attendance. 22'K). Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E. i
Ft. Louis 5 5 3;
Cr-.lca»f> 2 S I
Batteries— Puclh^fT a.n.l O'Connor; Griffith and !
I>onohue. Umpire— Harrt.
CINCINNATI.' April 23.^C!neinnaU won to- j
<!ay's game ?iy sujierlor hlttinsr. but came very ;
near throwing It iwif by miserable fielding. A i
triple play hy Irwin. Ftr-'nfel^t and H»-kley. '¦¦
which n.hb»"i the visitors nf several runs, wax !
tte feature. Tom O'l?rl*n was *e-iously injured ;
wtOe *!!<iir.s to the plate in the elehth and
had to retire. Abundance. 24">0. Score:
ci-jbs- n. n. c.
Cincinnati 9 12 5
l > !tt£burp 8 sts t j
Batteries- Phillips and Pdtzi Flaherty, Phil- i
iri'i and dimmer. Umpire — O'L>ay.
XEW YGIIK. April 23.— The same between ,
the New Torks and Ilostr-ns at the Polo »rrour.d» :
to-day fumlfhed ar. exciting finish. The New I
Y< rks made a bold Md for victory, but were '
retired alter cwminr within one run of tying
the score. The It'»ctorF wr.n the game through j
heavy hattlnr. They hit Doheny'* pitching for
a. tola! cf tv er.ty-three baßes. Attendance, j
4100. Score: j
C3ahj- r. a. c. !
New 1 -irk g g |i
Uoeton 8 16 5
UatterieF— l^nhfuy and Grady; Dineen and
suiiivan. Dmrtre-Conaoilr.
Association Games.
IN-PIANV.POLIS. April 25.-Ind!ar,apolls 8,
Buffalo 2. ,Vy
KANSAS CITT. April 2S.— Milwaukee 2. Kan
amm City 4. ..
CHICAGO. Ar)ril IS. -Chicago « Minneapo
lis 2
DETHOIT. April X.-Detroit U. Cleveland 6.
- — •
DECLINES TO PLAY
BALL AT SAN JOSE
BERKELEY, April 25.— The baseball
rr.ea of the University of California are
not pleased v.ith the prospect of playing
the third pa:n« of the intercollegiate se
ries at Sa:i Jow next Saturday, as has
been deurmineu upon by the two mana
gers. Tbe Herkrley m<n contend Thai the
grounds are poor and that fair play can
not b*" assured at San Jose. Tluy are
willing to play on Stanford's campus
jukl hare teUpraphf-d to that effect Th«
bicnford manager necms obdurate, how
over, and will not accede to the request
When .r.c- games wore drawn the agree
zr.cr.i v.as tViat tf a third game was. nt-res
rary it should be played at San Kran
circo. but if not possible to play th»*re
on some other neutral ground.
Afi conditions exist several of the Caii
iornia men absolutely refuse to play the
gam* If it beccraes necessary to go to
Ban Jose. *,•., • .-
DOGS IN THEIR
VARIETY AT THE
PAVILION SHOW
Pets of Fanciers Include
All the Weil-Known
Breeds.
Exhibition of San Francisco Kennel
Club Promises to Bs the Finest
Ever Held on This
Coast.
•
The overworked officials of the San
Francisco Kennel Club are gradually
1 rir.gii.g order out of chaos in the ar
t:mgeme;:t of the entries for the fourth
annual show to bo held in Mechanics' Pa
vilion next week. The entries include
s;ime of the best known dogs in America,
r.r.d tho exhibition promises to attract
widespread interest. The complete list of
entrlen follows:
M-Ah'TlFFS— James L.. Flood's Caesar F. S. F.
Warren's Leo. Miss T. Uinkelspiol's Major D,
11. Cl!lb' Jiaimie Fa<lJen. W. B. lleek'b Shar
key. J. I. Xerman's Dagonet M->ntez. John H.
Howard's Albert. Mrs. C. J. Williams' Weld
woo.l Lad. \\\ E. Meek's California Cube,
Charles .1. Stance's Leon. Captain C. H. Wil
! ams 1 Wlldwobd lassie. Miss F. H. Hatji's
Ciulircrr-ia Queen, J. P, Norman's Hebe Montez,
Jamem L. Flood' s M>Ta F, A. G. Glenn's Cleo
j-atra. Mrs. J. Stande's Baby Huth.
IIOUGIi COATED ST. HKHNAUDS-Sim. E.
11. Thompson' f ililo Jr.. W. 11. Uorkeng' Nero
U. Uyruß Mauiy's Hover. F. J. Cor.ie's Sultan;
Jlibs Marie HaelMnser's Royal M. Thomaa
brows'! tiir Robert Brace) Mr.-. K. I.. Thomp
son* Captain Taylor. Golden Gate Kennels'
JUti I-*"->. James \V. Trout's Xeimjihun. Fritz
1" Lui'ke's 'M.ii:'.-' 11, G. A. Davis' Monarch
Bernard. Dr. K. 1\ Clark's Lester C. Mrs. K. U.
Thompson' « I^en. Mr*. V. < '. Dnfnelns l'asha
l> .Mrs L. lianssler's Adoni* Huatpa. Oakland
K.nneln' Ori-.n L. Mrs. K. U. Thompaon'a
I r nee Orange, Gulden Gate Ken:i»!s' Harry of
tili>n Rosa. J. J. Sullivan's Bernard. Oakland
Kernels' California Kboracum. Mrs. E. B.
Th. mt«.>n's King Crockett. O. A. Davis' KinK
!:. rnard. Huir.txjldt Kennels' Duke of Milo.
O< I<:>mi Gp.te Kennels' Venus of M'.lo, Mrs. V.
C Driffields Zaza. Presidio Kennels' Presidio
Sweetheart. J. A. Anderson's Countess Beatrice,
F. F. Luke's Beauty, A. Qartman's White
yueen A. E. fcluenlera Beauty of the Jna<jun»,
W. H. liurhkr'g Lady Theodora. Oakland Ken
nels' May <v i 'een. Golden Giite Kennel.-*' I'rin
c.re Rachael. Golden Gate Kennels' Alta
lia. ha' l. A. B. Muenter's ijueen Princess, il.
A. \\ rel-ne''s Ilnir.i-na \V.
ST. BERNARDS, SMOOTH COATED-Fritz
Heinecke'e Prince Eugene, J. S. Dinkeispiel's
Hermit. F. Frey's Fulro ol Huensteln, A. J.
Salazar's Griniro. J. Breitweizer's Sir Kini?,
G. P. Gordella's Salvator. Miss Mabel Cluff's
Harold of Navarre, \V. F. Clarke's Queen Bess.
GREAT DANES— H. L. Schmidt's Victor S,
Posen Kennels' Cedric. Posen Kennels' Blue
I'-tard. W. A. Kemelsj>erßer> Monte Carlo,
J. Gerlarh'F King R. N. Morrisey's Cranie, Dr.
Jclllnek's Romeo, Posen Kennel- Tißer, Posen
KrnneK Prince Lionel. A. B. Tarpey's Hector
T. A. H. Bush's IKin Caesar. I. C. Aokerman's
Reau Liruir.mei 11. H. Boneatell'fl Ivan 11. Po
sen Kennels' Rhoderick Dhu, Posen Kennels'
Zouroff R. Wannemacher's IVfender. Miss F.
Hitchcock's Ivan. Miss L. E. Hurt's Riband 11,
pi-sen Kennels' Charles I>, Felix Simon' s<Jueen,
\Y. UcCormtck's Flora \V, Mrs. S. A. Crewe'g
Ol£a, Pown Kennels' orchard Trilby, Posen
Kennels' viu<-"n 14, Miss L. E. Hart's Mar
fat 11.
NE\VFOrXDLAXPP-G. M. Marys George
M. K. L. Christian's Prince, M. E. Falrfleld'g
Don, H. F. Lausian's Daisy Bell.
RUSSIAN WOLFHOUNDS— StockdSie Ken
nels' Kully Govitcb.
DEKP.HOrNDS— Dr. \V. F. McN'utfs Dar
by 11. Dr. \V. F. MeXutt's l^anks, Dr. W. F.
McNutt's Jack.
GnEYHOrxnS-Para Ilaody's Twin City
Girl. A. C. Bradbury's Sardonic.
AMERICAN FOXHOUNDS— C. A. Steven
son's Jumbo. \V. S. Kittles Drive, N'elmon &
Buchan's Bummer. N. H. Hickman's Billy
Burke. .StaTujv & Hennlr.ff's Murderer, Posen
Kennels" Music, Colusa KenneU' Grey, Miss
Combs' Drummer C, Fisher & Baltzer's King,
Fisher & Baltzer's Bell. T. \V. Sanderson's
Paiidy Jr.. Nelson & Buchan's Mountain Fan
ny. C. L. Harley's Flora H, T. G. Perkins.'
Queen. NVlson & Bjchan's Queen N. Nelson &
Buchan'F Jenny. <"olusa Kennels' May, A. W.
Combs' Melba C.
POLNTKRS-I'. A. Dlxon's Trumpet, F. A
Dlxon's Cri?* Cringle. Ptockdale Kennels' Pride
o" Stockdale. Btockdsle Kennels' Sam's Bow,
fStockdale Kennels' Cuba o" Kt-nwocd, Stock
<lnle Kernels' Sehey, Stockdale Kennels' Tw-j
t-'jx.t. Stockdale' KVnnels' Nelly Wilson. W.
\\. Reeve's Glenl*igh 11. J. B. Coleman's
Gould. L. O. KeUoKg's Boxer. W. W. Peas
lf-e's Printer's Ned, Vernon Kennels' Plain
Sam's Son. J. W. Flynn's Senator P. S. V.
Smith's Duke Glenbeigh. W. B. Coutts' Ken
wood Belle. O. Stahls Iji Hetta. Klcho Ken
r.fjB 1 Cricket Croxteth. H. f. J.olcher's Ueulah
G. A. L. Calvin's Lady C, Clark & Kennedy's
Lulu, Mrs. Maloney's Kate.
Knglii-h fitters — IV. Feige's Huckwa, J L
Meers' ( mtain, T. R. Dixon's I>uke. E. J.
Diilin'! 1 Dan, F. P. Taffs Hereschott, S.
Christiansen's Joe dimming Jr., W. E. Styon's
Iro^uols Antonio. J. J. Buckley's Bright Star,
C. I^iston's Dewey, B. K. Smith's Rex Jr. J.
Boyd'l Sancho. H. Kisener's Dash. Elcho Ken
r»-!s' David Gladstone, H. M. I)ixon's Duke
Furr.es*, R. Oxnard's Merry Monarch. G.
Walker's Monk o* Frisco. F. Braemer's Queen,
N*. B. Ctto's Belle C. F. Davidson's Ciatsop
Queen, H. E. Robinson's Cad H. I. V. Lln
vllle's Lotreknot, J. Bell's Madge, W. Hall's
I>!ana H. Klcho Kennels' F.mny T, T. R.
Dlxor.'s Bell, J. Youngs Daisy Bell, Biggs &
Fisher's Queenie, Phil Wand's Flora W, A.
Decourticux Jr.'s Verona (^ash.
Irish setters— J. F. Kelly's Joe Jefferson P
F. McC.rmlrks Rory O'More, F. A. line's
t'ilot B. ElchO Kennels' Mike Swlveiler, Elcho
Ivennel?' Chsrri'ion Nemo 11. Elcho Kernels'
I^afly Swiveller, Elcho Kennels' Champion
Lightning. Miss M. J. Kelly's Lady Rowena.
Howard Black's Lady Josie 11. D. M. Stan
ley's Lady Melba. D, V. Moore's Queen Bess
11.
Gordon setters— J. Ptelling's Sport 8, C. 11.
Plnnos' Pittl Sing. Mrs. J. L. Woodworth's
Lufra. N. H. Hickman's Major 11, Thomas
Russe'.'.'s 15ruce. L. D. Ehret's Crackcrjack,
F. A. Elliott's Dick 111.
Field trial class— J. W. Flynn's Senator P.
Lucas & Chute's Buck o* Kent. Ptockdale
Krnr.pls' Ix.uis Born. Stockdale KrnnHV Cuba
of Kenwood, Storkdale Kennels' Nellie Wilson,
A. F. Calvin's Lady C, A. Decourtleux Jr.'s
Verona Cash, I^ucas & Chute's Champion Sil
ver Plate.
Irish water spaniels— W. H. 'Williams' Phil
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENATE AGREES
TO REPORT ON
HAWAIIAN BILL
Agricultural Appropriation
of Three Million Dollars
Passed.
Consideration of the Alaskan Civil
Code Measure Is Resumed,
but No Progress Is
Made.
'- ¦ »
WASHINGTON. April 25.— After a brief
debate to-day the Senate agreed to the
conference report of the Hawaiian civil
government bill, the provisions relating
to the right of franchise and imprison
ment for debt having been amended ti>
conform to the ideas of the Senate. The
figricultural appropriation bill was passed,
carrying a little over $3,000,000. The Alas
kan civil government bill was under con
sideration for an hour, but no progress
was made.
Cullom presented the conference report
on the bill to provide a government for
Hawaii, explaining that the principal
changes made by the last Congress wad
the striking out of all provisions requir
ing the payment of taxes before registra
tion to vote and the elimination of the
provision that a person may be im
prisoned for debt or for nonpayment of.
taxes.
Tillman inquired what had been done
with the provision requiring the Presi
dent to appoint the officials of the ter
ritory from among the residents of Ha
waii. Cullom replied that the ofllces were
to be filled by citizens of Hawaii. Till
man thought this provision ought to have
been inserted in the Porto Rican bill that
"carpet-baggers" should not be "inflicted
upon those people." Foraker pointed ou;
that under the Porto Rican bill the Presi
dent, if he saw fit, could appoint all the
officers of Porto Rico from citizens of tho
island. Platt of Connecticut protested
against requiring the President to ap
point officials of the islands from their
inhabitants. The conference report was
agreed to without division.
Consideration of the agricultural ap
propriation bill was then begun. As re
ported to the Senate it carried $3,959,120.
The committee amendment reducing the
amount fixed by tho House for the pur
chase and distribution of seeds from
$170,000 to $130,000 was abandoned, Tillman,
Kenny, Berry, Stewart and Butler op
posing the amendment.
Consideration of the Alaskan civil code
bill was resumed, the pending question be
ing the amendment relating to the Cape
Nome mining claims, offered by Hans
brough, who said that, having been con
vinced his amendment was too radical,
he had decided to withdraw it. He then
accepted the substitute offered by Carter
with the insertion of a provision that it
should apply to the District of Alaska and
not to the entire public domain.
Coal Miners Strike.
LA BALLE, 111.. April 25.-U 1> an
nounced here this afternoon that the 1803
real miners employed by the Spring Val
ley Coal Company have struck. Ten days
ago the miner* presented a demand that
the company should hereafter hold back
from every union miner'B pay his dues and
assessments Jn the unlcn and that 'he
comr-any require its employes to become
me-r.berV of the union. Several confer
ence* were held without result
JAMES CAMPBELL ILL.
Relatives of the Millionaire Sum
moned to His Bedside.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, H. 1., April 17.— James
Campbell, the millionaire, who returned
from San Francisco In the Australia, is
very 111 at his home on Emma street. His
doctor states that he may die in a week's
time. A letter goes forth on the Aus
tralia summoning his daughter, who is
now in San -Francisco. James Campbell
is well known in California as well as in
the islands, having invested much money
in both places and thereby come In touch
with the principal business men.
JUDGE JUDD ILL.
Life of Former Chief Justice of Ha
waii Despaired Of.
Special Correspondence of The Calf.
HONOLULU. H. 1., April 17.-Upon the
arrival In port of the Australia April 11
Hon. A. F. Judd. former Chief Justice
of the republic, who was a passenger
aboard, was found to be so ill as to be
unable to move of his own accord. . He
was brought ashore in a stretcher and
removed to his home. He is worse now,
being unable to say a word or to recog
nize the members of his family. His
nearest friends expect the end very soon.
Physicians and trained nurses are con
stantly in attendance on the patient.
INDIANS DISSATISFIED.
Sioux at Fort Yates Declare They Are
Not Fairly Treated.
FORT YATES. N. D.. April 23.— There
Is great uneasiness and bitterness of feel
ing 1 among the Sioux Indians here over
the policy of the Indian Bureau. Suddenly
and without explanation their rations
have been cut in half and the money from
the sale of hides and the annual interest
money has not been paid. They hold this
to be directly in violation of the treaty.
Letters are being received by the Sioux
here from the Pine Ridge Sioux, urging
that if peaceable means fail to secure the
treaty rights there is nothing left for
them but to fight.
REBELS VICTORIOUS.
Colombian Bevolutionists Hold the
Principal Seaport.
CARACAS, Venezuela, April 25 (via
Haytian cable).— A German steamer which
has arrived at La Guayra reports that
the Colombian revolutionists are masters
of Carthagena. the most Important Co
lombian harbor.
THE PRESIDENT'S VASE.
Of the many beautiful trophies
offered for competition at the Ken
nel Club Show none will be more
keenly sought than the valuable
vase offered by President A. B.
Spreckels. This is for the best bull
terrier, which breed is strongly
represented.
Roche A. Busby's Curly. W. H. Williams'
Kid Maloney, W. H. Williams' champion Dan
Maloney VV 11. Maloney's Fanny Marsh. W.
H Wliltams' Belle Marsh. O. S. Leonard's
Dennli L, S. W. Horton's Robert Emmet
Field spaniels-Mrs. D. H. Hosan's La Molle.
W. S. Hittle's Royd Monarch 11.
CCX-'KER SPANIELS. BLACK— Pine Hill
Kennels' Pine Hill Cuckoo, Pine Hill Kennels
Guy Si'.k. Pine Hill Kennels' Floss Silk. Pine
Hill Kennels' Qm-mie Silk. Redwood Kennels
Pom Paul, Redwood Kennels" DufTerln Pastime,
Redwood Kennels" eh. H.ivock. Redwood Ken
nels' Lito Redwood Kennels' eh. Polly Pas
time. Otto C. Siever's Melrose I. Fred Lake*
Goof. Miss M. I- Andrews' Sycamore Rox. C.
Leonard's Little Bluck Joe, Mrs. W. C. Rals
ton's Hampton Promise. Mrs. VV. C Ralston's
eh. Princess Flavia. Arthur Whitney"? Bob,
Plumeria Kennels' Champion Viscount, Plu
meria Kennels" Onio Girl. I. COBgnnre'a Queen
C J W. Rowe's Uess, A. Edwards' Lady Bab
bie, Mrs If. D. Hemel wright' s Puwhattan
L<iu. Mrs. H. D. HemelwrlKhl'i* Powhattan
TootPi". Misa R'-se Russell's Lady MrDulT. C
K. Melroae'a Alma Pes»fy. W. Hepeman's
Nelly J. A. White's Dot. Mrs. F. Brook?"
Budy. Mrs. J. P. Atkins' Sweetheart* First.
Mrs. J I. Atkins" Mona 11. Doble A Peters"
Nellie Abbott. Doble & Peters' Bonita Babe,
Mrs H Klsner's Tera
COCKER SPANIELS OTHER THAN BLACK
— Mrs. B. Clark'* oukslde Viscount. Plumeria
Kennels' Hair.iton Gc.ldie, Plumeria Kennels'
Plumeria Surprise. Plumeria Kennels' Plumeria
Fancy Oakslde Kennels' Duke of Oakside. H.
C Stillwell'p Re<-kless. A. Mayer's Oakland
Snap, Mrs. M. Oe Julio's Bismarck S. E. G.
Bcbmledell'a Chang Toy. E. G. Sohmiedell's
Viscountess, Redwood Kennels' Colorado. Red
wood Kennels' La Paloma. Re<lwood Kennels'
Redwood Ver^ie. Redwood Kennels' Tootsle W,
Thornhlll Kennels' Red Fire, Thornhlll Ken
nels' Nupget, H. S. Brown's McCoy's Daugh
ter. T. H. Brown's California, S. C. Brown's
Ruby Trip. A. Edwards' Little Dorritt, Miss
M. L. Andrews' Sycamore Oro. T. J. Fish's
Florence. Captain A. B. Roddy's Vixen.
DALMATIAN'S— G. E. Rew's S(>ot Dalmatian.
Dr. McNutt's Hector. A. De Oourtleux's Pedro.
COLUKB-F. Raltz's Oldhall Captain. J. Ar
nott's Arnott Rover, J. L. Flood's Maxwell.
CULLIES —A. Bayley's Ormskirk Suddie,
Verona Kennels' Verona Hallle. Verona Ken
nele' Verona Braw Scot. Verona .Ken
nels' Verona Moonlight, Verona Kennels'
Heather Mollle, F. A. Rowsell'a Ormskirk
Chromo, W. Maitland's Ingomar. C. Yonnp's
Diomed, Winters Kennels' Beau Scot Jr.. Win
ters Kennels' Admiral Sunset. Winters Ken
ne!s' BriKhteye*. Winters Kennels" Belle Bon
lnston. J. J. Sparrow's Scot. Mrs. J. W. Cav
anaueh's Jack (VHrlen, C. F. Hanlon'n Skip
per. S. A. Sharp's Ormskirk Harry. J. L. Ep
pinger's Verona Ilrokaw, Mrs. F. Baltzer's
BULLDOGS— JT. M. Coleman's Shane C, L.
S. Greenebaum's Harry Lacy. L. S.. Greene
baum's Tod S. Mri>. H. Cushinsr's Mike. H.
SchefTaver'B St. Lethian's Rujer. Mrs. A. R.
Bierwlth's Lady Lulu Buller, L. S. Greene
bauni's Sallie H.
BULJi TERRIERS-Miss R. E. Russell's
Jerry R. Miss I* M. IJolton's Kufus, A. Fried
man's Major F. T. I". Kennedy's Sancho, J. J.
Sparrow's Va«r, John Talt's Jerry. John Talt's
Rudyard. John Talt's Raetus, John Talfs Hor
net. H. J. Hross' Woodcote Prince, H. J. Brows'
Grace Vencm. H. J. Rross" Daisy Venom, 11.
J. Brosg" Daisy Harper. R. 11. Rountree'p Luci
fer. L. S. Greenelinum's Terry McOovern. XV.
3. H. White's Admiral, J. D. Sprerkols" Hector,
J. D. SpreckeK Trilby 11. William Ktraud'a
Woodcote Duke. W. F. Watson"s Captain C, S.
Christiansen's Woodcote, Venom 11, Foy &
Gleaßon's Victor. Foy A Gleason's Royal Van
cm. Foy & Gleason's Woodcote Queen. H. N.
Gray"s Rowdy, Mrs. A. J. Martln"s Dick Har
jrf-r. A. Joseph's Hloomßbury Baron. R. Eck
enbrecher'B Teddy Roosevelt, T. X.' James'
Ranjo, C Newman's Sam. G. Rudolph's Reauty
S, Dr. 11. L. Tevis' Lady Venom, J. W. Thrash
er's Gtrsy Queen. J. L. Cooney's Richmond
Lassie, A. l>llow's Rlbbs, 8. Whelland's Lilly,
A. Hyde's Mnirlc Horrer.
BOSTON TERRIERS— H. D. Plllsbury"f« Sly
W, Mrs. 11. H. Parlton's Oakslde Fremont,
Mrs .1. P. Norman's I.ddy Montez.
DArHSHI'NDS— \V. S. Martin's, Rnnok. \V. S.
Martin's Amwll. \V. S. Martin's Frnulein Wal
dine, W. S. Mnrtln's Rex M, Pr. E. Bunni-I's
Mlna. Dr. F.. Hunnel's Nina, Dr. E. Uunnel's
Frauleln. Dr. E. Murmel's Osra, Dr. E. Run
nel's Thekln, Dr. E. Runnel's Gretehen. Dr.
PALO ALTO WILL
BE ON THE RED
IN MATCH EVENT
E. Geary's Crack Grey
hound to Meet Curl is'
Beacon.
Union Coursing Park Management
Also ArrcngxiS a One Hundred
and Twenty Dog Open
Stake.
The coursing rard of I'nion Park for j
Frfim'ay ar-.d Btisday is made up of a 121
dog cpea BtaJte :ii:<l a special match be-"]
twees Eegen« Ovary's young: greyhound
I'alo Alto and Cnrtla & Son's l>!n<- <1 K.
IVacbn. In the draw for po? f<>:i Palo ;
Alto is cr> '.ho r<>d CT lef: hand s'do and j
7<rt.i,n on the white. < "oursinp: will c 'in- ;
j "cacc rr. Saturday upon th*- arrival of the
II (,'fkck rourcins train. The total prino
rooaey Is $'•*:.. There will be cotirslnx on ;
'.•.¦¦¦:¦,-.¦<•. Rlny <s:iy. th* draw being held j
Mow : v rdght. Tne draw last night re- j
pelted fls follows:
'¦¦*¦.. Unrt '.w.. in t!inf cuorw-s-Kucene
. ¦ .r.. Mta w. CutUb * Boa* Reaeon. '
• etnki. 128 <". s:u -!>. K. Cuter* Travll- '
- T. J Crsaln*» :!ai:l of Ball; T. J.
i f.:'.v.-j V«n4al vj--. li. IS. »le DL, L>opec*a <"ran- |
: ' -i: J. 1. u'liriea'p suite«nian vs. it. i". ;
J avi» l-ity ikxl!\a: r»nrU« & Sin* MfKinley •
\s. lY«ha Kor.n-lß' B»U4ckln« A'.rs: J. CarroU'a j
J'tb's H.ive »:¦ <:v.« A!«'r<Tan:bien ri.H-k l«lan<l ;
Ji->y: F. Vpc^anat^lfa Ma«rnet vs. .1. P. Thrilfs '
V:!r }'.'.'*.; J. Carrcil** Ktieaton* vs. T. J. !
l - rocla** TbombllU «r« r - Rmm'l Swr^Uiri^r vt«. j
• r»10i37« T. V.. !<.: H. U Tarlor'al
}¦ -v • v IXOf ra. •¦:rt!:i &• S.m>* t'aFh: T. ]>>- I
fsn's i.' :r. r l^r;K!:t v*. 11. KyiT~h's I^xinitton; I
ItacseU, Ai>n £ M';:.ti.r.> Chicago l^iy va. ¦
J>wln f. I.7ca*a Mny J. M Halt(.r.«
]av-,'rr ••>- t". A.- \ K . f!o..tt'jt I>ml IJyron:!
8"J ¦ ¦ Aeanaemnoii v». "J. K. Knr- i
t'l'.'T- i"*ck t*ar;:r: !>. Wirj.lrr* Itar.il >ni Aim ¦
vs. «_;. Nctlwicotfa ;"r»(i» C: Al Austin'?= l^«>i» I
.'•¦ri.s vs. Lan-it* i- Cerber'i Hl»nzi: .1. car-!
r •!!> i'.r i mini \--. Certia & Bon'a CavaHer; j
•I. p. mutiaC* Fr. Ar.th-.iv vs. c \v.
llrtnafu «\<juftfe; T. J. CrooJo*a Vixen ra.
< rrt.'E & fop's Anchor; P. K. Carter's Hi»th;
-T1rl;». \t. PaatW Kf- mels;' Il.)un<l AUiut: l>. '
WißflT's Rirky Attempt v» .1. V. Thrift"*
Drtrtu*; *\". «"r«-:jn;<»r - s J^p««» SlL>ore vs. I/'wp j
A rhoxßpaon'a Flora UeOonald; F. A. Me- j
<\Trb's < .^p S|>.t vs. «ijrtis it Son's Vulcan: |
?.'. I. V.*b!tJnK"p \VaJ*>n:> vs. Et-il Ai Kn.iwlcs"
f'.-. -y Uiat: K.IT. Kellocf'a Kid KfeCoy vs.;
I; i- Tarlor'B W*lnntn« I^assi?; «iuj< Al>er- .
< norabfe** R>><-k Iy^an^i King- vs. I'asha Ken- .
I>*W Fleet Aassred: It. K. <1e IJ. I> pcz'^ r»- |
j4t.-\ vs t. PnUlTan'a Cattle is sn<l Boy: H. :
I:, fl* I?. I^'t«z".« Crawford I^p.Hb vu. Mah»r &
}.. :•! s Plarteton; F. C. Macks Delia M vs.
It. 11. <i<> B. l*i<cz.'s Crawford Zm<\: P. M<-
• ¦r-lrf-'f Boney !»>•> v*. K. Oaaaeiijr'a BUenc«: I
J:. K. de li. K-t7>-z"f Soft Oooda \s. J. I)«nni<;"
Ortcbw ft'oexjeock: !>•«<> & Tinmi^nn'!" ]>r!nr(>
3 al -. AT.^ii Kennels" Maid of Erin; F. A.
McOocab'a l>ltt!e Sirtf-r vs. N. lteeß*' l:can
ttxp: .1 Hortfi Bona Fid^ vs. E. m. K»i
l-ire'F BveH Emmt; P. Brown'a Tammany vs.
I-i«ha Ketuwla* Metallic: Gus Abercrtm.lii«-'s
Victor Kirs \s. AeneU Kennels" A-neas; R.
I.. <Ie B. I>-.;-z's l>!a».lo vs. E. rteary's Honnl^
J'-iy>a: IV \. UcGomb'a S!r Pasba vs. I*. J. I
ReUUr** Qraftwr; c ar tif A.- S..r,"r l!lackf-tte vs.
r.. Ca«?Hy"'- LaiJy J!l«n;'.;.-; I>3w« & Thomp-1
KS'l Et Oran vs. J. "ar^enet's S!Im: If. i
I.vn >:s Lottie M vs. <;. %V. Hflntz's Hor
i«ch<-rF PrM*: ai Acattn'a Tborndala vs. J. I. :
O'Erien's V.'andrTlr.R T"m: K. Geary's Ireland
v%. Rusaell. Ail^n /t W'i'ir in's Juliuc Ca^aar;
Al Anstlife Fi-TTi Poe vs. a. Johns«in'i< Low- (
land«r; T. Sulllran'« Mai.l of the Il!:i vs. !
.'. H. Uaniaon'a Ho* Haste: J. llurnane's .
nildaraiMl vs. .1. OTWivd'F Pho'itover: Curtis & ;
Frn'm Plylnx F<.x vs. lUiss-U, Al'.en & Wilson's ,
: - I:.sir-r <"ialr: .'. Carroll'* Auckland vs. T. It
)/t-an'r Oriir.li-; K. ?4. Kello^g's lowa j
nay V*. Mah.-r <*¦ rt«>i<rp Noilie liawn; R. E. 1
B« P. I. ;..¦>:- \\!.it«hea<l vs. H. Van'lTwhite'n !•
I - Klnif; M. IJ. Kavanaueh'n Hard Kin.-s
" V.-. H. I^<rd> r.»rolver; M. Welch"" Mary
.'me vs '" u^i s p ...,- p Luxor: C. L,. A|«- j
pb4iT*a Ksrttta Waatllnstmi vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Hnynl Anne; J. 11. MnlWs CruiST vs. i
T. \* pati> L»ah; D. Phe*h3n'fi (Jaltee vg. j
M. Iy>r.<i' n'a ftlagaeto: W. Delan?y'p Oriole vs.
O. Patteraoa'a Bahodla; T. J. Cronin"n
H't«e of Trnl«v. v«> .1. I». Thrift's Tyrone Prinr*-
M. ffr-irh's Bendatonc v*. .1. M. Hahon's
<"'irin'f Flashlleht: Pasha Kennelg" Rude
AK-aJcptttntr vs. ;•. t. He<iiy'F n'arahlp: P. J. \
R«i!!j> Willfu! Widow ra. J. Anthony's Pa
trtat; T. Ladwix'a <»:u-:;et vs. P. J. Rei!ly"s '
HocKhboy. :
THE SAJST FRA3STCISt;O CALL, TIIIJK3UAr, AI-iiIX. 26, 1900.
MURDER OF A
SAN FRANCISCO
MAN IN HILO
Augustus Schwartz Fatally
Stabbed by Arthur
Mynus.
Upon Seeing What He Had Done the
Assassin Surrendered Him
self to the Police and
Was Locked Up.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HILO, Hawaii, April 12.— Augustus
Schwartz of San Francisco was slashed
with a knife and killed by Arthur Mynus,
an employe of the Volcano Transporta
tion Company of Hilo, in a livery stable
at this place during a quarrel over a triv
ial matter 1 . The dead man had been in the
Islands about two years, working as a
carriage trimmer. His widowed mother
lives at 1625 Buchanan street, San Fran
cisco, with a married daughter Mrs. Val
entine. Valentine conducts a tailoring
establishment on Bush street, San Fran
cisco.
Schwartz was well liked by everybody,
being of a lively disposition and Intellect
ually bright. He was a member of the
Knights of Pythias. The local lodge con
ducted the funeral, which was a very
beautiful and impressive ceremony. Re
ligious service's were held at the foreign
church. The Episcopal burial service was
read byithe Rev. J. A. Cruzan, after which
the march to the cemetery was taken.
The procession was headed by the Hilo
band, of which deceased had been a mem
ber. The remains were followed by a
large concourse of the representative peo
ple of Hilo, including Americans. English.
Portuguese. Hawallans, Japanese and
Chinese, the tears of all telling more elo
quently than words the respect for the
unfortunate dead man.
The slayer of Schwartz is about 22 years
old, very boytsh-looking, pale-faced, of
etlight stature and inclined to be wild.
In company with several other younp
men he had put in the day drinking and
riding in a hack, and to the fact that he
was intoxicated may be laid the killing.
The wound that caused death was in
liicted on the right side of the neck, ex
tending tw>i Inches on a parallel with the
jaw. and was made with a common
pocket knife, which severed ttie carotid
artery, jugular vein, the larpe muscles of
neck, and three-fourths of the windpipe.
The stricken man collapsed instantly and
saying. "God help me." died.
Upon the collapse of his victim the slay
er threw away his knife find ran to the
police station, saying: to the lieutenant of
police whom he met there he "had a light
with Schwartz and fixed him." Lieuten
ant Eaton placed him under arrest.
The Coroner's jury upon the evidence
piven at the Inquest returned a verdict
that Schwartz came to his death from a
wound made hy a knife In the hands of
Arthur Mynus.
E Runnel's Helga, F. D. Madison's Hans.
Mrs H V. York's Doc. A. H. Mendt's Gecko,
J B. Reinhardt's Fritz.
FOX TERRIERS. SMOOTH COATED— Dr. C.
ToUd's King Cotton. C N. Hiirl«>y'.«i Hu«s^ll
Sa*e, C. N Harley's Sapho. N. H. Hickman s
Intrepid N. H. Hickman's Irnjulsitor, N. 11.
Hlokman's Warren Sceptic. N. H. Hickman's
Elmwood's Vass«ar. N. H. Hickman's Warren
Supple, California Jockey Club Kennels' T.
H W. Jr.. California Jockey Cluh Kennels'
Colonel Bill. California Jockey Club Kenneis'
Miss Pye. California Jockey Club Kennels' Al
ice N, Powhattan Kennels' Warren Clerk, Pow
hattan Kennels' Calrnsniuir Doctor, Fowhattan
Kennels' Powhattan Cricket, Powhattan Ken
nels' -Warren Tattle W. J. Foster's Vivacity.
W J. Foster's Venus, Dr. L. Greenbaum's
Tick F. C. Me Lilian' s Dewey, G. L. Warlns's
Sweet William, J. McLatchie's Golden Dandy,
I). Shannon's Scorcher, R. E. de B. Ixjpez's
Bouncer, Orangedale Kennels' Imp. Darter, G.
J M E. d'Aquln's Alden Artist. O. J. M. E.
d'Aquln's Filey Gem. George Bell's The L«>K
nard, Gcorgre Bell's Lady Maeh. J. B. Mar
tin's' Alden Swagger. J. B. Martin's Golden
Flash 11. J. B. Martin's Dottle. J. ». Martin's
Golden Sunshine. J. H. Dibbern's imp. Rex D,
Mrs C E. Turner's Nuisance. E. W. Fallon's
Miss Bate Murphy. F. C. Ford's Patsy. W.
Ualsey'B Veracetat. G. I>. Warins's Surety,
Mrs. E. M. Simpson's Golden Restless.
FOX TERRIERS. WIRE HAIRED— R. Arm
strong's Fernwood Vera, R. Armstronft'6
Fernwood Brophy, G. A. Pope's Dewey, T. P.
Howard's Josh.
IRISH TERRIERS— T. Howard's Gaiter
More, E. C. Fords Barney F, W, S. Klttlc's
Exile of Erin. Mrs. G. Bradley Dyne's Saanich
Mlxlt.'
SKYE TKRRIERS— Miss L. JamM' Tatters.
MIM Birdie Bruce'B Gyp, Miss Birdie Uruce's
Brownie. '
SCOTTISH TERRIERS— Mrs. Bradley Dyne's
FiehtinK Mac, Mrs. Bradley Dyne's Scotty
O'Hrae.
PX-OS_p. h. Myer's Irishman
YORKSHIRE TERRIERS— Miss M. Schwel-
Binprer'S Nip S, C. F. Moller's Jack, William E.
n Grace's Duke of York. E. Attriilge's Little
Joker, E. . Attridße's Gipsy, R. Pfaendler's
Wollle. W. P. Feeny's Nita.
POMERANIANS— L. Ducroux's Nicolas I,
E McConnell'ft Captain.
TOY TERRIERS— Mm. W. A. Burns' Mug-
g JANANESE SPANIELS— Mrs. M. J. Hatje'a
Jap H. F Kent's Toots. Mrs. H.W. Redan's
Nippon. Mrs. S. Bucholtr's Jeddo. T. H. Stev
enson's Coco. T. 11. Stevenson's Wedalllana.
ITALIAN 'GREYHOUNDS — Mrs. W, A.
I>ane's Tessa. Mrs. W. A. Deane'a Baby, MrH.
W A. Penne's Hluftte, Mrs. W. A. Deane's
Qupenie. Mrs. \V. A. Poane's Pop.
CHOW CHOW— Ed Tookpr's Chow.
ESQUIMAUX— H. R. Hrnwn's Knpßet.
MISCELLANEOUS— E. Mnrkenbertf's Prince.
Mrs. F. Brooks' Honlta, Mrs. J. D. Harvey's
Huff. N\ J. Stewart's Dorothy of Rlenheim, E.
C. Dalton's Tiny, E. S. Dalton's Tins How.
TRJCK POOS— E. MarkenberK's Tiny, C.
Xewtnan's Golden Lion.
indicates purity and perfection in brew-
ing. It has been used on more bottles
than any other label in the world. It is
found only on the famous bottling of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutnne.
/^sr^"^!] l [V v^ / \ \\ / Is a common affliction; it comes on stealthily and is apt to stay. In this case impur-
V^ ' T tt\ / ities are not thrown off and poison the blood, while elements needed to repair tis-
*NX. rj^—i/ \ ittVfl/ sues are voided and vitality is lost. Then come LUMBAGO and RHEUMATISM or
I \uYi>JS>sJLkf/f ° "~~*^ I HWI 111 other danger signals. Your system is run down and wears out. Diuretics or kidney
J jjjj|flj|l|yr 1/ /*^T~~ fii'l' cures merely spur the organs temporarily and make things worse. The disease is
_J / / — ~— — J o |//l ' reached only by re-enforcing the nerves of that region, and this is the work of my
S ft— I This is a simple and natural remedy. That is why it is so successful. Dur-
M / ing all my practice I've found nothing equal to electricity for curing nervous dis-
eases. I have cured thousands of cases for which tonics and repose had been of-
— Red Bluff> Apri j 2( I9OQ * fered and failed. Neither passivity nor drugs will cure. For that Kidney Trouble,
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN: Your Elec- that pain or "weakness in the back, you need electrical animation. My Belt fills you
trie Belt has certainly improved my ailment. with this life force. Here is a sedative and an invigorant. It soothes away pain
The action of my kidneys is now better and nat- and renews vigor. The improvements in my famous Belt make it the most reliable
ural. nor do I suffer any longer ... the inconve- . in the world. It is a grand remedy for your Kidney Trouble. It will aid the circu-
nience usually attendant upon kidney trouble. I ; lation, clear away congestive pressure and strengthen relaxed muscles and glands
am well pleased with your treatment. Yours • ' «¦• .' m-o-rr T m r% n » ? , . , . ? . ."
¦¦'. ¦ wr lumAM TRY IT. Call nnd test my method of applying this grand power, or write
truly, W. V-. L.AJM rl/VJVI.. .¦ " •• - ?, . , , • - "¦ -•-, : ;••;',..,: ?.;¦.;». '".. -•
4 , for my illustrated book. No charge. ,
I>*O All A KJls*l A I Ti^Ml lIV 702 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco,
OK* iVI« /\« iYICLA/\UHjO-LA'll^l'«' And Bnrdick Blook, Corner Spring and Second Streets, LO3 Aagelea. .; "
' - : ? , ;-•¦ 7 Office Hours— 9 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays ID to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUO STORES.
I to6<l»T»-\a "hite* unnatural i'.Z
fpi& Q=*r»3*eJ V charge, or an 7 iufln--,v>
rTZCjH sol to itrteura. Hon. , irritation ur v e-'-v
K!*^rHEEvAM3CHEMiCitC& craaea. Noo-aatrlngeas.
Vs^c:NCiHKATi.o.g^3 ISo1 * 1 bj Dnvati-t*.
WeeklTcall
Enlarged to 16 Pages
SI pep Yeai%
Take a Hot Sand Bath
Free country life among- oak-clad
hills away from wind and fog: a
fine hotel with every modem con-
venience and new home-like cot-
tat-es. Beautiful hill and valley
drives. FAMOUS MINERAL
MUD and HOT SULPHUR and
SAND BATHS. Enjoy life and re-
gain health.
AT PASO BOBIE3
MOT SPRINGS
Flowers and well kept grounds,
tennis croquet, shady walks and
grove?. Rates, including hotel,
baths and physician's attendance.
$10 to $21 a week. Write for illus-
trated booklet.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
Frank W. Ely. City Agent. Tel.
Red 2336. 640 Market st., S. F.
Otto E. Neitr, Proprigtor, Ptio Roblis. Cri.
IMMTFVICTA OPEN MAY Ist: tens of
JUIMIC VIM A fruit: helr> yourself: Illus-
trated circular.' THOMAS E. MAYAN. Dutch
Flat. Cat
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. fiv«
mllw from Santa Cruz; delightful summer
home in redwoods; running water: abundance
fruit: good table; terms $5 ".0 week. Adiires*
W. CRANTVF.LL. Pnnta Cruz. Cal.
CAMPING ground at Redwood Grove: 10 mlr.-
ntesf walk from Fairfax station, near San
Rafael: also furnished house of 7 rooms to
rent Inquire of J. S. Bellrude. Pacsallto, or
j E SLINKEY & CO., SE. cor. Market
and Fifth sts.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
will be oiiened. vnder new management. May
15 New hotel being built. Fishing, huntlnsr.
hmtina- and bathing. For further particulars
address O. WEISMAN. 41 Third St.. S. F.. Cal.
TmTGEYSERS, £ESE
ONK OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Vatural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
humin* and livery-. Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
grlv^t' a^^tTon^in^t^^t.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club.
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
iTo^ETMKTROPOLE^nTcOtTNTRY CLUB.
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply tO EORaE w THOMPSON.
621 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los« Angeles. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from UMah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Ixrr«ly
grounds: fishirfg and hunting; crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
P J. A. REDEMEYETt * CO.. Proprietors.
ROWARDENNAN
SOUTH BEN LOMOND. CAI*
OPENS MAY 13th under entirely new maa-
agement. My personal attention will be paid,
to the cuisine and service, which will be «ur-
passed by none. Full Information at Traveler
office. 20 *«t«on«r i .t ft or aNgo^
HICHUUID SPRINGS'
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mcrs.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys Cl™^C 1 ™^
and Tennts Grounds. Hot and Cold M nerai
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Llv "y-
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will Be
here to welcome his host of frlend9.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates, $10. $12 and $lt per week.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottaees. lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening: Oeorg*
W. Watson. Danctng Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, O<g\*p<l;
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located in the midst of grand and lmpresslv*
mountain scenery with Mt. Eha3t3
and the Crass for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip. Including
sleeper both ways. #14.00.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLEY. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company,
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Carls ££?L.
Monterey Cbunty. Cal. — For healiX rsat.
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-dat»
accommodation*; beautiful sceoery; profusioa
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and elsctrlo
baths: swimming tank SSxta feet. Our masseurs
are all graduate*. Hunting and fishing; cr.il-
(Jren** playground, croquet. lawn teosii and
dance bail; large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; ail
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third an.l Town-
send streets, San Francisco. 9 a. ra.: First and
Broadway. Oakland 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 1
miles to springs. Rotind-trlo tickets $3, at 9.
P. office. 813 Market street. Telephone and
poatofflce. For Illustrated pamphleta and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAUX.T.
M. D.. proprietor and realdent physician.
Cl/^rrC HOT SPRINGS. EOXOMA
OIV/\\J\lO County: only 4H hours
from Sao Franclaco and toot nine miles of
pracinsr: waters noted for medicinal virtue*;
be*t natural bath In State; grand mountain
scenery; good trout Btreams at door; telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and expresa: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL. AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only $5 Mi T»ke Tlbaron ferry
at 7:20 a. a. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
Jl2 a week. References— Any guest of the part
five years; patronage constantly Increasing.
• j. p. MULOP.EW. Proprietor.
OPEVS MAT Ist. Round Trip, $3 "5. Send tor
circular^ FREESE & JUEROEN32N.
Proprietors City office. 913 Larkln street.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousand* of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magniacent
Bcen»ry, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
Ing No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
Vave Third and Townsend streets. 9. F.. 9 a.
m and 1:45 p. m. dnlly. Carriages at Gtlroy
for »prtng». For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. RORF.RTSON. Proprietor.
k.r c - TOCALOMA, "Jg*
irPRTRAVP HOTF.L— First-class aeeommo-
datlorV reasonable rates: for familes and par-
tles fining Mthin*. beatuttful drives to fiear
vilie? etcfjOSF.FH X DERTHAND or Pail's
shoe store. 324 Kearny »t.. S. F.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
Tne moat attractive place In Lake County to
tpend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bawl-
ing tennla. livery, new walks, etc. Write for
Circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County, Cal.
THE best camping, picnic and pleasure resort
on the coast Is DR. C. C. O*I)ONNELLS
MINERAL SPRINGS. The greatest remedy
for lunir disease, liver and stomach com-
plaints, rheumatism and catarrh in the world:
46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S.
F. and N. P. R. R- give special rates to
campers. 30 cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park Mineral water, boats and bathing
free. Inquire of DR. C. C. O'OONNELL. of-
fice 10214 Market St., between Sixth and
Seventh. S. F. If you want your health this
Is the place to go.
GLENWOOD HOTEL,
Amonf the redwoods, Santa Cruz Mountains; 3
minutes' walk from depot: cream, fruit, poul-
try; chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hall: acetylene gas. Round trip. J2M; IS
to $10 per week; free carriage. WM. MARTIN.
Qlenwood, Cal.
¦%//"\ d^Ml'T'F^ 33^ hours from Pan
IVlOi-lvli 1 I— Francisco, via the U!g
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $.12. For further information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. Oeneral Agent,
630 Market St.. S. F.; telephone Main 5152.
CARLSBAD ENE N R c A s L
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M'GOVERN. Kelseyville. Lake Co.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLUANN. Napa Soda .Springs P. O.
4LIQUORS.
WHICITKV Ht«ATZ BEER. Hethesda Water.
nlll3r\Cl CAHEN & SON. 41S Sacramento at.
Millions for Baseball.
A million of dollars are spent every year upon
the frame of baseball, but large as this sum is.
It cannot be«tin to equal the amount sDent by
people in search of health. There Is a sure
method of obtaining: strength, and It Is not a
costly one. We urge those who have spent
much and lost hope to try Hoetetter's Stomach
Bitters. It strengthens the stomach, makes
digestion easy and natural. -and cures dyspep
sia, constipation, biliousness and weak kid
neys. __^_^^_^^_____________________
Discussed the New Woman.
Mrs. Clara Foltz spoke last night at the
Park-street Temple on "The New Truth."
Her address was a clear and strong pres
entation of the late changes in the mental
horizon of thought, particularly in regard
to woman's advancement.
Sons of Temperance.
The Grand Division of California, Sons
of Temperance, met in the fiftieth an
nual session in Pythian Castle yesterday,
with the grand officers and forty-one
lodges represented. The reports present
ed showed the order to-be in a prosperous
condition.
The following were elected -grand offi
cers for the current term: William Crow
hurst G. W. P.: A. K. Percival. G. W. A.;
Miss J. C. Duncan, G. S. ; Mrs. Mary J.
Avery G. T. : .Rev. E. C. Arnold. G. C. ;
E. J. Armstrong, G. Con.; A. B. Taynton,
G. Sen.; J. O. Avery. P. G. W. P.; J. P.
Plummer. G. S. Y. P. W.
R J Hunter, J. O. Avery, William
Crowhurst, A. K. Percival. A. B. Taynton.
Mrs. M. Irving. S. W. Hunter. O. Hobson
and T Walker were elected delegates to
the National Division. The next meeting
will be held in this city on the fourth
Tuesday in April. 1901.
AS. HALLIDIE died at his resi
dence. 1032 Washington street,
. Tuesday night of heart disease,
» from which he had suffered for
several years. He was 64 years of age.
Andrew Smith Hallidie was one of San
Francisco's most famous citizens, his
greatest achievement being the invention
of the cable-car system, which solved the
street passenger problem in this city and
gave the world a new mode of urban
transit.
Mr. Hallidie was born in London March
1(5. 1536. He was the son of Andrew Smith
of Dumfrieuhire. Scotland, but adopted
the name of his godfather and uncle, Sir
Andrew Hallidie. a Scotch physician. His
father was an inventor, his most import
ant work being the making of cables from
iron and steel. This invention made the
cable railway possible.
In 1552 Mr. Hallidle came to California
with his father and followed mining for
three years, studying and practicing en
gineering in the meantime. He surveyed
ditches and roads and built bridges. When
but 19 years of age he built a wire sus
pension aqueduct with a 220-foot span
across the middle fork of the American
River. In IST6 he produced the first cable
made on the Pacific Slope. He established
a wire rope factory in San Francisco the
following year.
In ISC7 he invented a means of carrying
freight • across mountain canyons by
means of a continuous overhead cable,
known as "Hallidie's ropeway." This
was followed by the invention of the cable
railway.
This most important of his public
achievements was matured in 1871 and
was put into actual practice in 1873. His
scheme was looked upon by many as vis
ionary, but Joseph Britton, Henry L.
Davis and James Mofflt each advanced
Orders Were Issued to Exterminate.
In order to make room for a large con
j Bignment of goods which is now on the
j road the Standard Shoe Company will sell
I all of their remaining stock from the rail
; way collision at any price. To-mnrrow
i < Friday • there will be on sale 1000 pairs
I ladies' ties for Coc a pair, worth $2; 000
: pairs fine shoos In any style for 90c. These
] poods were supposed to have been slightly
damaßKi. and are worth from J3 to $5 per
pair. 1023 Market, bet. Cth and 7th sts. •
I TEETH FILLED 1
S Absolutely Without Pain. I
Zl Out Office* ar» ronvenipntly and »lsb- j/Z
" orately ?.rrnr.zf-d with Private Operating "
O Bootri for each ;.atif>nt. with all rc.-'iWri ©
Q apj liur.ct s. am) are the only dental far- A
«» lan In ?an Frur.t-ii-co that have th* pat- f\
< Tit :tj>;i!iim<-e and ingredients tn extract, JJJ
© 1;!! and apply pold and jwrc^lain crowns, O
O nadettct-ble :rom natural t^^'h. ano $
q «-arraOt#d lor ten year?, without the _»
If >.iFt ;a:ticlc of pain. Gold crowns and 5J
2 te*th rltbout rlatps. Gdi fillings and _*
fS a" ether dental wcrk done painlessly ©
Q and by s-w-in lifts. (H
5 TEETIf EXTRACTED and flUed ab«o- X
J* lately without ia!n by our late Ff-i<>miflc Jjf
"•r method. Xj elpri.-jjroducing- agents or O
« In our GOLD CKOTTXS and RRIIiOE A
T" T\'«/lIK. r,t w!;!rli xt* ar» making « PPE- S
CIALT\". the most BEAUTIFUL. *?
O PAINLESS and DURABLE af all dcr.- O
g* tal known m ih? profession, yon g%
c v. ill nnd an example of the HIGHEST *J
._ AUTISTIC ATTAINMENT, the adafta- O
O blllty of which 10 the HYGIENIC ooa- O
(J liiti^n? •¦: th<> mouth is unquestion<vl. (%
Ar.v work t^nt should not prov^ satis* f\
3f fnrtory will be attended to, without "
fe chars*, '-t our nearest office. Q
C- Y-^u nay have your TEETH OUT IN ©
6) TliK MORXINO and po home with X
JS NEW ONES THE SAME DAY. 2
_» SO CHABGE for r«in!es« extraction 9
© when teeth are ordered. All work don* O
O by cra'l'iate dfriTtetß of 32 to 2rt y<*aiV Q
n experienoe; a f^^clalist tn each depart- JT
jZ raent. V.*e will tell you tn advence ex- ~J
** actly what roar work will cost by a O
Q free examlnati-m. Olve us a call and Q
(j yon w;!l :ir.'J wo do exactly as we adver- a
g Ccld Cr.wns. S5 : Full Set Tcetrj. *•
S5: ErldgewcrK. S5; Cold F.lilngs, 2
q S! up: Silver Fillinsr. £Oc. 2
I NO PLATES §
o New York Dental Parlors, S
§ 723 Market St., Saa Francisco. §
O MAIN OFFICE J*
X FOURTH ANI> MORRISON STREETS, _J
_f PORTLAND. OR. ©
O Q
VERY LATEST
n^'JuA Straight Front,
V-'* ? Hand-Made
1 \ SAPPHIRE
fl» CORSETS
U'^f $3.00 1» $15.00
/rWi M 10 Geary St.,
L^J V \d CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
6<-t-Fittlnj l'arlors.
,A!^/My DR ' PIERCE S
JW#|§ ELECTRIC
Rh i
~[W THIS BELT IS WArt-
AT-v. r»me<l to be the latest Im-
4 proved. rno»t powerful *n<l in
•TJ t— flfer^f '*¦• br«t now manufactured In any
part of tha world. Ita equal doea not erl»t. Tb«
<>»l\-ariotn»ter fbowi ita electric current to be
<".o«tl* that r-t ar.y rther. Easily rerulsied.
r>ur»b!y Innj)ated. T^ot-.t Improved attach-
m«rt*. Prierlal con<!urtor« and electrodea.
JxnjWf wire rerperiecry for men. It will cur»
eny <^l«*a»» earth that !t if (Kwilble to cur«
with electricity, and It cure* when other* fail.
Tluy no S*!» •',:'. ymi »»»> '-Dr. Plerce'a."
**Dookle\Ko. 2." if* at office or sent by mall
for a i-<-fnt ttemp. tei!» all about tt. Addreaa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Market Street.
fOrp. Pa'.r.r- UcteU EAN FRAKCI3CXX
Etftern Office— New Tcrk City.
DOMESTIC FINISH
For full-dress shirts is the correct
thing. It looks neat and dressy. It is
more exp gnsive to us, but it costs you
no more. If you wish it, order it.
United States Laundry Offica,
1004- Market Street,
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
Weak Men and Women
SHOL'LI) USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; Rives health and
ctrenpth to sexual organs. Repot. 323 Market.
ing from a faint shell to a rich pink. Their
bouquets of sweet peas matched their
gowns in shade and the maid of honor's
bouquet combined artistically the three
shades of pink worn by the bridesmaids.
It was promptly at noon that Miss Ade
laide Murphy, Miss Hattie Kimble, Miss
Charlotte Field, Miss There.se Morgan,
Miss Edith Preston and Miss Ruth Mc-
Nutt. the six bridesmaids, emerged from
the vestry and slowly marching down the
center aisle met the bride. Here the pro
cession reformed. The ushers— Messrs
Latham MoMullen. L. S. Crlttenden. Max
well McNutt. Gerry Field, Clarence Follis
and Edward C. Sessions— took the lead
and the bridesmaids followed. Then came
the maul of honor. Miss Molly Thomas,
immediately preceding the bride, who en
*Sfed loaning on the arm of her father,
W llliam Thomas. At the altar the groom,
attended by his best man— his brother.
Robert Kimble-claimed his bride and the
Rev. Dr. Stebbins pronounced the impres
sive binding words.
The bride's gown was one of exceptional
beauty and especially adapted to her tall
and splendid ligure and graceful carriage
It was of white liberty mull and glis
tened with a silvery sheen where it fell
in long folds. The jupe was made en
traine and finished with a magnificent
flounce of Renaissance applique lace The
corsage was high and the neck and arms
showed faintly through the transparent
MRS. JANE GIFT OF ntBBARDSVILLE. OHIO.
Mrs. Jane Gift of Hebbardsville, Ohio, writes the following:
"/ think I would have been dead long ago if it had not been for Peruna. Six years
ago I had la grippe very bad. The doctor came to see me every day. but I gradually
grew worse. I told my husband I thought I would surely die if I did not get relief soon.
"One day I picked up the newspaper and accidentally found a testimonial of a woman
who had been cured of grip by Peruna. I told my husband I wanted to try it. He went
directly to the drug store and got a bottle of Peruna. I could see the improvement in a
very short time and was scon able to do my work. I continued using it until I was
entirely cured."
Catarrh has been so generally thought
to be a disease confined to the head and
throat that it is very difficult to gel
many people to understand that catarrh
may affect any part of the human body, j
All the organs of the body are lined with I
mucous membrane; all the passages of i
the body are also lined with mucous I
membrane. Wherever there is a mucous
membrane there catarrh may exist.
Peruna is not a cure-all. It cures cn-
tarrh. mis is all that is claimed for it.
A free book written especially for
women, written by Dr. Hartman. en-
titled "Health and Beauty." srnt to any
address by The Peruna Medicine Co.. Co-
lumbus, Ohio.
Mr. Henry A. Shimel. Newberry-
~~ I town. Pa., writes:
"I want to say
x^£_2»A that your medicine
(fir \ has done me more
Eft ,- ~ ' \ good than five doc-
tor £& f% toTS - They h;xl
fV* V) drugged me until
\SVfc /3*i m >' stomach was
i^'-rf^a very much out of
A '.rdffiZil' order. I could
*»*-.vi\.^ffi**y'L scarcely eat any-
"^fA^^'^afes. lhln P bu * w hat it
*^<<i\ JZKiteWr \ would make me
•^'ttf / a#S#!pr^ sick. Now T can
*isL\/£? eat and sleep. I ha<l
sjlven up to die un-
til I had taken a
Henry A. Shimel. course of your Pc-
AT noon yesterday Miss Helen j
Thomas became the wife of Fred- j
crick Wilson Kimble, and thus San i
Francisco loses a popular belle !
while Los Angeles gains a charming .
young matron. .
At the altar of the First Unitarian i
Church the young couple pledged their
troth, >whi!e nil society looked on with a !
smile of gladness in Its approving eye i
and a wish for the happiness of the newly !
wedded pair in its heart.
It was a beautiful wedding, perfect in
all the arrangements and artistic in all
the details. Pink and white lent the color j
tone to the function. The chancel was }
abloom with pink and white hawthorn ;
buds, while tall growing palms made a :
delightful background.
The color scheme, however, did not end
with the decoration?. The six beautiful
bridesmaids, who marched »down the cen
ter aisle to meet the bride and like a
puard of honor escort her back to the
altar, were pnwned alike in pink frocks
trimmed with white lace. The maid?
walked in double file, the petite ones lead
ing and the tallest closing the procession.
As they were graduated in height so did
their gowns graduate as to color, deepen-
ADVEBTISEMENTS
Teachers' Club Lecture.
Tfcrt San Francisco Teachers" Club an
nourcoos a lecture entitled "Reflection* of
a Psychologist on Lonkinp at the Pic
tures of a Groat Modern Artist." to be
pivor. by Mlfs Ullio J. Martin of the de
partmeot "f education. Stanford Univer
sity. Saturday. April 2S. at s p. m. The
methodology sfotior. will hold its regpular
ir. inthljr meeting Lhl« evonir.n.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE * CO.. manufacturer!, bftsa. ttata.
covers. II »nd 23 Callforal* iv
is the first function of this commandery
and the navy men on the coast will prob
ably be on hand in force. Captain Henry
Glass Is the commander and Charles P.
Welsh the recorder of the commandery.
To Celebrate Dewey Day.
The California Commandery of the Na
val Order of the United States will cele
brate Dewey day. May 1. by a luncheon
at 1 o'clock at the Occidental Hotel. This
SWAQE IWJE A SWAN
Sft*> AJAx TABLETS POSITIVhLVC'JRa
_*/ \ ¦* LI, NerrotLc Intf nne t— "a.Mvr. Xmi-
W3 S CT or> - SleeplwMa**, etc.. can»*d tj ornr.
fSI wor * «"> d J-d-w-nrtions. They quv-kt*
T ««"• ••"tJir ratnoro Lost Vila'tj la old
l\ "V <"" rouajs.fcnd fit o man tcr studr. trasi-
"•fiS^-St-Oon-umptioa it ttk» s In timo. Tbeir
o»e ehow» immeo iat* lin provetctnt and sSocta CU2JS
A)ax T_Uet_, Iher k*v« coi^d thousand* and will
cure yoa. J. - pit.- n poeHi*»» -riti«n guarantee to of-
t*ct a core in **eh c*»e. or lel und tbo tnoocr Prlc*
50 CtS K_"«fi*f k *iPi *n i" x *<"*«*?- trail UwS.
AJAX REMEDY CO., «Esggra,«.
For *»!* !a S. F. by Lelpalti tc Co Nu Per-
centage _>rutc Co.. Owl !>tu t Co., a. F.. Oakld.
GROCERIES fST) PROVISIONS.
Outfit* packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard.
1 308 Fourth. IJO2 Pone and 1441 Stockton. 8. F.
i ADVERTISEMENTS.
comes but once in a lifetime. Act
now. ere 'tis too late. Don't wait
until you have a large amount, but
invest to-day. If it is only ten dollars.
Substantial profits are paid every
month as earned. Invest ten dollars
and earn ten thousand dollars.
Is the desire of all. If you Invest
•with us you may get rich in a very
short time. Your money Is absolute-
ly safe and may be withdrawn upon
thirty days' notice. Our investors
arc getting rich and will tell you
that our plan is the safest and best
in the world. Accounts of
and upward received.
Call at our office or write to-day.
South American Security Co.,
214 PINE STREET, S. F.
Correspondence throughout South
America, ¦;¦¦ : ; - --:;
Big Turtle for the Park.
A gigantic Galapagos turtle has been
donated to Golden Gate Park by Captain
Pf-rry of the brig Argo.
THE LATE A. S. HALLIDIE
$22,000 to help carry it out. Mr. Hallidie
put in an equal amount and Clay-street
property owners pledged $10,000 conditional
upon the road being a success. How
great a success it was the world knows
and San Francisco, built upon hills as it
is, owes much of its advancement to the
cable railways.
At the time of his death Mr. Hallidie
was a member of the American Society of
Inventors. American Geographical So
ciety of New York, California Academy of
Sciences, and of many other similar in
stitutions. He was president of the Me
chanics' Institute, ISCB-78 and 1593-9G and
at one time vice president of the James
Lick School of Mechanical Arts. He was
a member of both Boards of Freeholders
appointed to frame a new charter and
was for many years a trustee of the Free
Public Library.
Mr. Hallidie had been a Regent of the
State University since its foundation in
186 S. and was for the last fifteen years
chairman of the board's finance com
mittee.
In 1884 Mr. Hallidie was delegated by
the commercial associations of California
to present a congratulatory address to
President Diaz and he journeyed to Mex
ico for that purpose.
Mr. Hallidie was a member of the Pa
cific Union and Sierra clubs, but belonged
to no secret order. He always took an
active part In independent politics but
never held a salaried ofllce. He occa
sionally contributed articles to magazines
and newspapers.
Mr. Hallidie was married In November
1863. to Miss Martha Elisabeth Woods of
Sacramento. She survives him. He had
one daughter, who is Mrs. McMicken of
Seattle.
Mr. Hallidle took much interest in the
affairs of the Unitarian church. The
funeral will take place Friday or Satur
day and Rev.- Horatio Stebbins will offi
ciate.
Ladies, you are cordially invited to at-
tend the opening reception of the Ben Ton
Co.'s Parlors at 324 Post street, opp. Union
square, to-day, from 10 a. in. to 9 p. m.*
Seven Pines Circle Bloomer.
Mrs. Julia P. Shade, national president
of the Ladies of the Grand Army, will be
the guest of Seven Pines Circle No. 3. L.
of the G. A. R., at a bloomer social to be
given in the social hall of the Alcazar
building to-morrow evening.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
7n Or»r«f:r>n D«I1t. C 25 PtTt* Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
AUDITOR'S STATEMENT OF
STATUTORY EXPENSES
Nearly Three Millions of Estimated
Budget Imposed by Law and
Cannct Ba Reduced.
The Auditor has been subjer-tod to so
much unfavorable criticism regarding his
estimate for the needs of the city during
the next year that he has prepared a
statement of the expenses which are im
posed by the charter and the State law.
Nearly $3,000,000 so Imposed cannot be cut
and the other $2,000,000 is under direct con
trol of the Board of Supervisors.
The expenses of the city government as
provided by the charter are as follows: ,
Supervisors. $25,200: Fourth of July and Me
morial day exercises. $3003: Mayor' 8 office. $10.
200; contingent expenses. *3C00: Auditor. $13,600;
Assessor, M4.I0O: Coroner. $lG.rtrtO: Recorder.
$29, C00; Tax Collector. $.11,300; Treasurer. $11.20«>:
Superior Court stenographers and Interpreter.
$13 200- City Attorney. $20,300: District Attor
ney $36,200: County Clerk. $75,400; Justices of
the Peace $20,700: Uw Library. $32<i>: Police
Judges, $IS.IW: Sheriff. J52.400: Hoard of Works.
$13 800- Police Department. 1772.555; Department
of Electricity. $2400: Civil Service. $S100: Public
Library. JTO.000; Fire Department. $527,540;
total. $1,812,968.
Statutory expense — Maintenance of State
schools. $7500; non-sectarian schools. $30-00;
feeble-minded children. $20.0PO; examination of
insane," $.'000; military roll. $2300; Superior
Judges $21o,S00: witnesses' expenses. $1500;
printing transcripts, $1CCO; Grand Jury. $3000;
School Department salaries. $1,007,600; total.
$1,076 100. Grand total of $2.913,0€8.-
1 STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day oC Decem-
ber. A. D. I*3o, and for the year ending nn
that day. as made t>"> the Insurance Commis-
sioner of th« State of California, pursuant M
the provisions of Sections 610 anil 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J500.000 00
ASSETS.
Rfal Estate owned by Company $353,043 03
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1.764.203 S3
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,956. 50* 25
Amount of I^oana secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 141. 52S 13
Cash In Company's Office 40.647 73
Cash In Hanks 123.6H 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks aril Loans 23,353 77
Interest ilue and accrued on Bonds
und Mortgnges 48.272 25
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 804.132 33
Rents due and acciued 1,530 00
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on lossps already paid.. 15.313 40
Due for salvage on losses paid 1.651 05
Total Assets ..J8. 230. 029 42
liability:?.
Lo«sps Adjusted and unpaid J162.667 42
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 159.865 75
losses resisted including expenses... 38,206 SI
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. J1.830,532 S3;
reinsurance ."0 per cent 915,268 42
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J2.210,-
546 15: reinsurance pro rata 1,155, 50S St
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance
policies 1.057.342 20
All other demands against the com-
pany 341.533 13
Total Liabilities .J4. 740. 55K 5S
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums J2. 433. 732 87
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 107.816 93
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 144.13<> 33
Received for Rents 9.563 75
Deposit premiums received for per-
petual Fire risks €2.301 33
Total Income ..>;.813.T38 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $254,743 07 losses of pre-
vious years) JI.BCB.SR2 43
Dividends to Stockholders 20.000 0)
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 531.330 14
Paid for Salaries.- fees and other
charges for offlcers, clerks, etc.. 274.223 o I
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 53. 140 79
All other payments and expenditures 206.945 23
Total Expenditures J3.122.56S n
Fire.
Losses Incurred durlns the year J1.574.C32 CO
GRIM DEATH CLAIMS
ANDREW S. HALLIDIE
Inventor of the Cable Railway and
Public-Spirited Citizen Passes
Away.
PRINCIPAL KILPATRICK
SUSPENDED FROM DUTY
School Board to Hear Charges Against
Him — Teachers in Trouble for
Habitual Absence.
The Board of Education decided yester
day to suspend E. C. Kilpatrick froni his
position of principal of the Business
Evening School, pending: the hearing of
the charges that have been preferred
against him. The date for his trial was
set for May 3, 1900. John S. Drew, a
teacher of tho Humboldt Evening School,
was appointed as Kilpatrick's successor.
A. J. Dannenhaum, teacher of mathe
matics in th*> Humboldt school, and Miss
E. J. McGr^eny of the South End school
were suspended, pending: an investigation
<>f chargf-f that they are habitually aisent
from their duties.
The- board denied the application of Miss
Edith Stafford for an extension of her
leave of abspr.ee so that she might attend
the State University.
The Superintendent presented a report
on the standing of schools visited by his
deputies. The Hancock. Haight, Bernal.
Jefferson. Columbia. Humboldt Evening,
Crocker. Golden Gate, Le Conte, Cooper,
Lincoln Evening and Hamilton Evening
schools were found to be in excellent con
dition with regard to classes and class
work. Certain sanitary improvements
are necessary in several of the schools.
The following were granted a renewal
of their grammar grade certificates for
six years:
Mrs r: S. Hackftt. Mrs. A. B. Shaw, Mlfs
M. A. Mrl>-an, Miss Nellie K«*ndrick. Miss Net
tle E. Upman Mi-s IJllie Kalmuk, Hiss M. K.
Roberts. Mlv M. H. Ritchie. Mips t_ H. Koch.
Miss .1 Flamming Miss Carrie Haas, Mrs. J.
B. Sfiren, Miss Ida M. Terl, Mi.-s J. M. Kep
pert. Mirs May Pou!<». Mips Italia S. Richards,
Miss M. J. Smith. Miss L,. F. Bray. Miss S.
Alhfaxn. Miss Kate A. Fallon. Miss A. Hlu
mrnthal. Miss K. A. Wlckman. Miss K. B.
Rv*rrtt. Miss I.trzle OSulllvan, Miss Isabel
Tobin.
Miss H. L. Leszinsky's high school cer
tifirate was renewed and a grammar
grade certificate was granted to Miss
Marguerite M. Duane.
fabric. The bride's veil was of white tulle
and fell to the hem of the gown. Her
bouquet was composed of lilies of the val
ley.
Miss Molly Thomas, tho maid of honor,
wore an elegant gown of white embroid
ered chiffon. Over the gown was worn a
white moire Directoire coat brocaded in
pink roses. The hat that completed this
elegant costume was of white lace and
pink roses.
The bridesmaids were attired alike in
pink crepe de chine, trimmed with ecru
lace. They wore pink tulle hats that
turned jauntily off tneir faces.
Mrs.- Thomas, the mother of the bride,
wore a magnificent gown of beige an
tique embroidered satin, trimmed with
duchwFe lace and finished with a stock
and belt of pink panne velvet.
Miss Gertrude Thomas, the tiny sister
of the bride, wore a dainty frock of white
organdie, inserted with lace over pink
silk. A large white hat finished off with
a pink bow completed her pretty costume.
After the church ceremony the bridal
party and 175 invited guests repaired to
the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas, 2R14 Pacific avenue. There
a delightful bridal breakfast was served
Last evening Mr. and Mrs. Kimble took
the train for Los Angeles, which will be
their future home. Mr. Kimble being the
owner of several large prune orchards in
the southern section of the State.
Six Pretty Maids in Pink Gowns Act as a Guard of Honor to the Bride.
J> U biisil & UOi
-W-13_,1_, OFFER
3
SPECI4L
BARGAINS
THIS DAY.
LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS at
..$6.00
LADIES' MOREEN SKIRTS,
In black and colored, at
65c
LADIES' GOLF SLUTS, all
sizes, value for $20.
Sale price 615.00
NEW GOODS ARRIVING DAILY.
SLITS MADE TO ORDER.
J. O'Brien & Co.
1146 Market Street.
THOMAS-KIMBLE NUPTIALS
AT FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH
MOST CHRONIC DISEASES
Are Produced by Catarrh of Some
Internal Organ.
LICK OBSERVATORY
EXPEDITION STARTS
To View the Total Eclipse of the
Sun From a Point in
Georgia.
Thr LJck Observatory expedition to ob-
Kfrvr the total eclipse of the sun on May
2S loft Pan Francisco Monday night for
Atlanta. Gn. The parly includes Astron
omrr \V. \V. Campbell and Assistant As
tronomer C. D. Pfirine. They will estab
lish headquarters in Atlanta, and about
Sixty in!!' s south r.f that !>lae<> will «>ftab-
Ilsb an observing station near Thorna stonJ
The expense- <>f the expedition will be
provided for by William 11. Crocker.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
UNITARIANS TO
MEET SOON IN
ANNUAL SESSION
Sixteenth Meeting of Pacific
to Be Held
.*g in Berkeley.
Brilliant Programme Arranged, In
cluding Addresses on Interest
ing Subjects by Many-
Noted Ministers.
The sixteenth session of the Pacific
Unitarian Conference will be held in the
Unitarian church, Berkeley, Tuesday,
May 1, to Friday, May 4. The leading
ministers of the denomination will partici
pate in the conference. Able papers will
be read and matters of the utmost im
portance to its members will be dis
cussed.
On the evening of the opening session
the Rev. T. L. Eliot, D.D., of Portland,
Or., will preach the conference sermon.
A reception in the church parlors will be
held at the close of the service. On Wed
nesday morning the business and mission
ary- session of the conference will be
held. An address will be delivered by
President Horace Davis. Then will follow
the reading of the minutes, the appoint
ment of committees, report of the secre
tary and treasurer, reports from the^ Uni
tarian headquarters and "Pacific Unita
rian." An address will also be delivered
by Rev. W. D. Simonds of Seattle on
"Present Opportunity of Liberal
Churches."
At noon a devotional meeting will be
led by Rev. E. M. S. Hodgin of this city.
A half hour will then be devoted to
luncheon. On reconvening Rev. Horatio
Stebbins will discuss "Unltnrlanlsm Con
tribution to Religious Thought and
Ideals," and the Rev. F. L. Hosmer will
touch on "Unltarianism Expression in
Poetry and Hymnology." C. A. Murdock
will speak on "Its Record in Philanthropy
and Reform." President Horace Davis
wil speak on "The American Unitarian
Association, Seventy-fifth Anniversary,"
arid the Rev. C. J. K. Jones on "Our Work
and Claims Upon Us To-day."
In the evening a platform meeting will
be held. The topic for discussion will be
"Underlying Unities in Religious Thought
and lAfe and the Larger Fellowship They
Should Teach."
Addresses will be delivered by Rev.
George C. Adams. Henry Weinstock and
Rev. George R. Dodson.
The programme for the following day
is as follows:
Mornln?— Address by Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
"The Place of Authority in Sunday-school
Work"; discussion by Rev. N. A. Haskell and
C. A. Murdock: address by Rev. E. M. fc.
Ilorlsln "The Spiritual Value of Poetry";
lunohonn; "The Church and Social Problems";
(1) "What the Church Can Do for Its Own Peo
ple " Rev W. R. Lord; (2) "The Institutional
Church," Rev. Henry A. Flske; (3) "The Social
Settlement," Professor K. C. Babcock ot the
University of California.
Afternoon— Closing business session: election
of officers; reports of committees; unfinished
business.
Evening— Platform meeting: threo addresses —
"Intellectual Inertia." Rev. Bradford Leavitt;
"Ideals of Freedom." Rev. Benjamin Fay
Mills; "In Conclusion," Rev. Horatio Steb
bins, D.D.
On Friday the Women's Unitarian Con
ference of "the Pacific Coast will hold a
business session. The following pro
gramme ht.r. been prepared for the morn
ing and afternoon:
Morning— Devotional service; v.-ords of wel
come by the prrsM»nt. Miss F.llzabeth B. Eas
ton; appointment of committee on credentials;
secretary's minutes of last conference: secre
tary's annual report: corresponding secretary's
report; treasurer's report; reports from the ten
I rr.nches of the conference; reports of post
office mission work; report of the Unitarian
headquarters; report of committee on creden
tials; report of auditing committee: address by
Mrs. Emily A. Ftn>td of Boston. Mass., secre
tary of the National Alliance: new business:
report of nominating committee; election and
Installation of officers: appointment of nomin
ating committee for 1901; adjournment ; lunch
eon.
Afternoon— A word of Introduction by the
president; ''The Attitude of Our Women
Toward the. Qur»«tiens of the Day." by Mrs.
Benjamin Fay Mills, Oakland: discussion, led
by Mrs. Wakeman-Curtis, Fruitvale: "Denom
iuatlcrallFm," by Rev, C. J. K. Jones. Los
An*elc«: discussion, led by Mrs. Emily A. Fi
fleld Boston. Man?.: "Our Faith as an In
spiration to night and Happy Llvlnp." Mrs. A.
A Rtov/e, Los Angeles; discussion. Ifd by Dr.
Sarah I. Shuey, Oakland: "The New Year of
the Conference— an Outlook." by the president;
closing hymns; adjournment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1900.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
I/DAPU Were successful at Nome last
l\l\Uljrl war. All others failed. 9 Stev-
enson St.. S. F.
DJJEDOIVa PUMPS.
oil. flaaotine. Steam Holit*. Centrifugal PatnD*.
Fnrines&Hotlera. HendyMach.Wka..4O Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
FnrotT frffh or talt water for «lule* .boxea:
t-trh or low lift". Hmnr.cK 33 Market at
GOL"» SEPARATOR.
Cyrlon* Odd Separator and Amilcinntr In
dall* *<T>»r»tlon. Win. 11. Birch Xc Co.. IM l»U
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Ravine Machlo*. TT* Fol-
eom "treet. Oriental Gas Engine CompiinT.
CONCENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acm«" Concentrator works
black sand daily. 227 Mission st.
SLUICE BOXFS.-
Klondike champion sluice saves (old: competi-
tion Invited. 179S 15th st.. corner Guerrero.
PLATES TOT? SAVINO GOLD.
Fcr-nmletn A rturrliijr*. I HardU pU<-«. off
K>»rnr, l>»tt»»en hotter and Btifh «tr(»et«.
F. W. HELL. Central Plat!n« Wor-*. w* _ji«-
»!cn «.. ft. F. Phon» J»«*1» 3CI.
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. l Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksj
written during the:
year " J265,7^).9» $3.:63.5 M SJ
N,et amount of Risks!
expired during the 1
year j 267.5..1.259 S.^O.SC 17
Net amount In force!
December 31. IS3O ! 3K.2C2.707 4.(m,07S W
SILVER-PLATED MININO PLATES.
GET them at Dcnnlston's San Francisco Plat-
ine Works. C 32 Mission St.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know »rold and save It. to handle
amalgamating plates, etc.. Central Park.
K. C. IRVIX. President.
r.ENJN. T. HERKNKSS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this TOJ
flay of January. l? 00.
THOMAS U. PROSSER. Notary Public.
T. C. SHLANKLAND.
Stats Agent for California. Nevada. Arizona
and Hawaiian Islands.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Manager San Francisco Department.
219 Sansome st.
Telephone Main 5024.
WHISKY.
RITVTPi? DVP CHRISTY & WISE Coml.
niLllCiV KIC- Co.. 327-3» Sansome St.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BTTRNTIAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Waj»hln*t*-\
and I»t *ti.. Oakland, or Builder** Et.. 3. T.
GASOLINE E.*OlrlE«.
HERCULES OAS nNOINE WORKS >9 fllllnc
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. S. F.
ENOINES. BCILERS. ETC.
BAKKR * HAMILTON. Engines and Potler*:
lowest price* on tv» coaat. Pin* tt bavu tt«.
FURS.
FUR COATS AND KOBES FOR CAPE NOMK.
ALBERT HOEFLICII. lie Grant an.
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders
Ar@ Without a Rival.
AHinjAL SALES OVER 6,000.000 BOXES.
1O cents nndSS cents, at nlldn it; stores.
DninriA The covered paasage-
idldUC wa >* connecting thea<*
two immense struc-
—-—-———-——-—— tures places under
_ one management I*X)
onH rooms. 9<iO of which
Ctlltl have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
————— ers f r om every section
f^ - of the world recognize
| T 'pQ'r|fi am ' appreciate the
At **- lv * comforts and. conveni-
___________ ences offered by these
hotels.
TT-i^l-, American plan. Ku-
XTUltJlo ropean plan.
5The social and domestic demands
that are made upon the women of to-day
are to blame for a great deal of the
trouble called female weakness. The
constant strain upon the nerve forces
weakens the vital powers, and head-
aches, neuralgia, indigestion, constipa-
tion, impure blood and liver and kid-
ney troubles all aggravate the special
weakness that fills thousands of homes
with delicate mothers, wives and daugh-
ters. Weak and nervous women can be
relieved and made well and strong, full
of vital energy and attractive sweetness,
if they will take Dr. Miles' Nervine.
'"For fourteen years I was troubled
with female weakness and nervous-
ness, dizzy and sinking spells, and was
confined to my bed more than one-half
the time. The doctors all told me that
I could not live long; but the second
day after I began taking Dr. Miles'
Nervine I could eat well and could sleep
all night without waking, and when I
had used six bottles I was cured.
"LOUISA O'NEAL, Ripley, 111."
Dr. Miles* Nervine is sold at all
druggists on a positive guarantee. Write
for free advice and booklet to Dr.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
LOOK OUT FOR OUR SPECIAL MAY
DAY EDITION, OUT SUNDAY, APRIL 29.
// T te Little \\ // Two Splendid \\
// MAYDAY \\ If POSTER \\
It CHILDREN. \\ PAGES )
\\ A Full Page. Jj \\ la Color. II
QUEEN OF THE HUNT.
One of San Francisco's Most Charming Society Belle*
Do You Know Her \
SILK-WEAVING SPIDER
Promises to Rival the Belgian Hare Industry in California.
STORY OF THE OAKLAND BRIDGE-TENDER
WHO HAS SAVED THIRTY LIVES.
XT Fhs CANDIDATES FOR "RIBBONS W%M
COURAGEOUS WOMEN OF ARIZONA.
Read What They Have Done.
And a Host of Other Newsy and Interesting Feature*.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS ALL COMPETITORS
IN BRIGHTNESS AND ORIGINALITY.
PREMIUMS ON COINS— G. W. S.. Sac
ramento. There Is a premium of from 10
to 15 cents on Columbian halves of ISD-',
but none on those issued in 1533. Spanish
coins of the value of one-half, one, two.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DEWEY DAT— C. W. 0., Hilton, Cal.,
and many others. Dewey day Is not a
legal holiday.
CAPE NOME-L. H. A., City. For In
formation about the laws at Cape Nome
you should apply to the Alaska Commer
cial Company.
THE LOWEST TIDE— N. N., City. The
lowest tide during April, 1900, at Mission
street wharf will be on the 30th, at 6:41
a. m.
GIVEN PREFERENCE-E. J. W.. Oak
land, Cal. In all branches of the United
States Government service veterans of the
war are given preference, providing, of
course, that, they are equal to the task
they are called upon to perform.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. B. Carlock, a banker of Fort Jones, Is
at the Grand.
Dr. F. Westley Carpenter of Knlgtits
Landing is at the Grand.
J. E. Manlove, a bonanza rancher of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
Henry G. Turner, a merchant of Mo
desto, is at the Grand with his family.
C. A. Stork, a leading attorney and
Mayor of Santa Barbara, is at the Grand.
Q. AY. Thompson, agent for Santa Cata
lina Island. Is again In the city, located
at «J2l Market street.
Henry C. Dibble leaves the city this
evening to attend the Republican League
Convention at I-^)s Angeles.
F. W. Meieri who managed a big sugar
plantation on the Island of Kaual for
many years, is a guest at the Occidental.
He arrived on the Australia.
Senator J. S. McCandless of Honolulu,
who made a large fortune in the islands
boring artesian wells to irrigate sugar
plantations, is a guest at the Occidental.
G. Kunst of Honolulu, who owm the
famous Robert Louis Stevenson placo at
.Apia, Samoa, is a guest at the Palace.
In his party are William Voigt cf Ham
b-ircr and Mrs. Burow and Misa 3artlcy
•>f Samoa.
IT. Renjes«, formerly a member of the
firm of F. A. Schaefer & Co. of Honolulu.
but now retired with a big fortune, is at
the Occidental with his wife, who was
formerly Mlfs Coney, a Hawaiian belle.
They are on their way to Germany, nhcre
they oxpect to make their future bomcc
Armstrong Smith of Honolulu, formerly*
a teacher in Kamehameha School, who
was superintendent of the plague hos
pital during the recent scare in Honolulu,
Is at the Occidental. Recently he was
presented with a purse of $5000 by the
business men of the islands and is now
on his way East to take a course in medi
cine.
Impersonated an Officer.
Frank Kelly, the plumber who imper
sonated a poll tax collector Sunday morn
ing and endeavored to collect money from
Japanese at a boarding house, 521 Jessie
street, was sentenced yesterday by Judge
Conlan to three months' Imprisonment in
the County Jail.
aiien wno nas maae a ceciaranon to De
come a citizen of tha United States 13 net
required to appear before the same court
In order to obtain his final papers. It la
yifflclent for him to establish to the satis
faction of the court in which ha piakes
application for final papers that he made
a declaration two years before, the firs:
papers being duly authenticated are a
proof of that fact: that he resided con
tinuously within the United States at
least five years and within th» State or
Territory where the court in which he ap
plies for the final papers one year at
feast. Is a man of g-ood moraJ character
and is attached to the principles of the
constitution of the United States.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb atTownsend's.*
Mark Hopkins Instituto of Art. Last
week of Spring Exhibition. Last concert
Thursday evening. •
Special Information supplied fiaily ta
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 iloct-
eomery street. Telephone Main IMZ •
In the Divorce Court.
Ease Hersinger has been granted a d!
vorca from Emile Hersinger on th© ground
of cruelty. Suits for divorce have been
fll^d by Mary Adella Harris against L. J
Harris for desertion and Annie Larlos
against Ignatius l>arioa for cruelty.
All danger of drinking Isipure water !a
avoided by adding 20 drops ol Dr. Elegert's Aa-
gostura. Blttera.
NATURALIZATION— N. N., City.
strumentahty engaged in interstate commerce. It ap
pears that the war revenue act requires it to issue bills
of lading to which a one-cent stamp has been affixed,
duly canceled, but allows it to make a contract \vith
the shipper whereby the latter shallpay for the stamp.
Suppose California shippers decline to pay for the
stamps, but insist upon their packages being carried
and the issuance to them of legal— that is to say,
stamped— bills of lading? The question is, can the
express company violate the State law and refuse to
convey the packages? We think not. It certainly
cannot do so without rendering itself liable for dam
ages, and in no event without jeopardizing its fran
chise. The sections of the Civil Code quoted above
do not conflict with the war revenue act; on the con
trary, they supplement and clarify it. It follows,
therefore, that the shippers of California still possess
the poiver, notwithstanding the ruling of Justice
White in the case under consideration, to compel
Wells, Fargo & Co. to pay its war taxes. Our Su
preme Court can hardly fail to so decide in the case
before it— provided the record has been properly
made up.
* City Attorney Frank K. Lane is emphatically of
the opinion that no person or corporation shall be ai
lowed to place obstructions on public sidewalks or
streets. The City Attorney 'is significantly silent in
reference to that public thoroughfare known as Sulli
van alley, which has been open for many years, but
which has now been seized as private property. Con
ditions sometimes make fine distinctions in the law.
A DEMAND FOR IMPROVEMENTS
AMONG the improvement clubs which of late^
have been so instrumental in advancing th«; j
welfare of the city and promoting a spirit of
enterprise and progress among the people none has
been more earnest nor more efficient than those rep
resenting the Mission, for the clubs of that section
have united themselves as a federation and are thus
able to work more successfully than they could have
done otherwise.
At a recent meeting the federation adopted resolu
tions declaring the immigration of Japanese to be a
menace to the welfare of our producing classes and I
urging our Senators and Representatives in Congress
to immediately take steps to procure the passage of
an act excluding Japanese and all Asiatic people from
our shores. In addition to those resolutions on au
issue affecting the country at large the federation
adopted others relating to municipal affairs, an-1
making a strong presentation of the importance of a
larger provision in the appropriations of the coming
year for city improvements.
The latter resolution merits reproduction in full.
It declares: "That this federation urge the Mer
chants' Association to co-operate with these improve
ment clubs to induce the Board of Supervisors to
increase the appropriation for general improvements
to at least $500,000. We believe that this amount can
be obtained by curtailing the proposed expenditures
of- several of the municipal departments. We further
believe that the Auditor has been too liberal to the '
taxeaters and has shown too little regard for the tax
payers and the needs and welfare of the city, es
pecially as to improvements."
The resolution is based upon objections made to
certain features of the estimates recently submitted
by Auditor Wells, it b<*.ng the opinion of the federa- I
tion that the appropriations proposed for Health and
Police departments and the Board of Works, for
salaries, operating expenses, etc., are too large.
There will of course be differences of opinion on
details of that kind, but it is gratifying to have an
earnest and representative body of taxpayers and
citizens generally taking a public-spirited interest in
municipal affairs and giving a large portion of their
time and their thoughts to considerations .of muni
cipal issues. The larger part of the bad or wasteful
features of administration in American cities is due
to the indifference of the citizens to public business.
When "people neglect to look after their interests it
is inevitable that losses will result. Our improve
ment clubs have done much to improve in many ways
the localities in which they operate, but their chief I
value has been that of awakening the people to an
intelligent study of municipal administration. The
tax levy and the appropriations for the coming year
are matters of grave importance to all, and the Mis
sion Federation has done well in beginning at once to
bring them up for general discussion.
The farmers of the Mississippi River States are
forming a gigantic trust that in the character of its
very organization dooms it to failure. All politics is
barred in it.
RAILWAY POSTAL RATES.
WHEN the postoflice appropriation bill was be
fore the House on Monday there followed the
usual discussion upon the proper method of
limiting the expenses of the department and making
; it self-sustaining. One member proposed that 'the
pneumatic service should be cut off, and another ad
vised that no further extensions be made in the way of
rural mail deliveries. Several other suggestions of , that
form of economy were advanced, and then Congress
man Bell of Colorado directed attention once more
to the exorbitant rates paid to the railways for carry
ing the mails and counseled the practice of economy
by reducing the payments to the roads.
Mr. Bell is right. The causes of the annual de
ficiency in the Postoflice Department are two. In the
first place the abuse of the second class mail privilege j
is carried to such an extent that the Government
loses annually a large sum of money in carrying mat
ter which ought to be charged full rates; and in the
second place the amounts paid to the railroads are far
in excess of what the service is worth.
As was pointed out in the debate, the charge of the
railways for carrying mails averages eight cents a
pound, while the railway charge for express pack
ages is less than one cent per pound. "Why," asked
Mr. Bell, "should the Government pay more?"
The rates now paid by the Government for carry
ing mail are the same as those paid in 1878, notwith
standing that since that time the average freight rates
have declined 35 per cent and passenger rates 17^3
per cent. That showing is in itself sufficient to prove
that the railways are demanding and receiving excei
sive charges from the Government. Sovlong as such
waste is permitted so long will the people have to
lack for services which the Postofficc Department
should give.
There ought to be a pneumatic tube service in all
large cities and a free delivery system in all thickly
settled country districts. There should be. also a
cheap" parcels post and a system of postal savings
brinks. Those services arc rendered by the postoffices
of countries whose people are by no means so ener
getic, so enterprising. Or so progressive as our own,
and it is absurd that we should lack them. So long,
however, as the railroads are permitted to exact from
the Government outrageous charges -for .services, so
long must we lag behind other nations in postofficc
development.
THE evil of racetrack gambling which has extended Its cancerous roots Into
every department of human activity has been recognized by the Federal
authorities as menacing many important branches of the Government by
the corruption of Government employes. So marked has been the work of
the racetrack vice In this city that Postmaster Montague has been Impelled by
his sense of duty to the people and by the responsibility that he assumed when
he took the oath of office to notify all persons employed in the San Francisco
Postofflce that they must hold themselves aloof from the maelstrom of turf
gambling under penalty of discharge.
His language is unmistakable, and the following circular which he Issued to
the employes of the San Francisco Postofflce last Tuesday needs no explanation:
four and eight realea are not premium
coins, even though dating back 20n years.
A three-cent piece, silver, of ;s£s com
mands a premium of from 17 to 37 cents; a
copper-nickel cent of 1553 doe^ not com
mand a premium^
THE SELLING PRICE— R. C. TVest
mtnster. Cal. A five-dollar gold piece of
15-13 has a valuation according to dealers
of from $7 s<> to J? 50, but dealers do not
purchase such.
NATIONAL SALUTE-Subscrlber, City.
Twenty-one pruns Is not the rational sa
lpte of the United States. The salute is
one gun for each Btate of the Union.
Twenty-one guns is a Presidential salute.
HALE— Oaklander, Cal. Hale Is a verb
which was in common use until the eight
eenth century, but after that haul took it*
place. Hale 13 used to express; to go or
come by means of drawing, pushing or
pressing; to push a person, to move or
proceed. Lately ia has ccme Into use
again.
MALE AND FEMALE— N. J., City,
Prior to the adoption of the present con
stitution of California there wa3 an or
dinance of the Board of Supervisors o'
San Francisco which prohibited female?
from being In liquor salocr.s. and under
that ordinance it was held that no woman
could engage In the liquor business and
attend to It In person. Th!s was abro
gated by the new constitution, which
says: "No person shall, on account of sex,
be disqualified from entering upon or pur
suing any lawful business, vocation or
profession." "While the law cannot pre
vent a woman from engaging in the retail
liquor business and tending to It In per
son, women can be prohibited from visit
ing liquor saloons as patror.s.
JAPAN AROUSED.
\ 7 HEX The Call sounded the tocsin to warn this
\\! country of the coming invasion by Japanese
* coolies we declared the time to be favorable
j for reformation of our treaties with that empire, in
! order to enable the exclusion of this undesirable class
i of its subjects.
The latest news from Tokio confirms the correct
ness of this forecast. It appears that there are two
Japanese immigration societies, which are in hot
rivalry in the exportation of their countrymen. The
j Government has concluded that the operations of
j these societies are not ujiright and honorable toward
j the men they export. They proceed by spreading
j through the country glowing accounts of the easy
I work and high wages they will guarantee to their
patrons, and when they have secured them and the
commission they pay for the Utopian privileges prom
ised the interest of the immigration agency ceases.
The coolies are shipped in the steerage and landed in
this country to shift for themselves. They are mostly
without guidance and wholly without control, and
their American experience is often as unpleasant to
them as their presence is undesirable to us.
The Japanese Government proposes to interfere for
the purpose of protecting its people from the imposi
tions of these immigration agencies. Under its sys-,
tern of paternalism that Government has the power to
forbid emigration entirely. If it do this of course the
occupation of the agencies will be gone, and such
solution of the difficulty would be very agreeable to
Americans.
The Japanese Government is proud of the as
sumed superiority of its people over the Chinese, and,
it is said, will resent a Japanese exclusion act which
seems to treat the Japanese and Chinese in the came
manner.
Our^ Government would hesitate to provoke that
resentment because of its effect upon our rapidly
growing trade with Japan. But it must not be for
gotten that our trade with Japan is more important
to her than to us. We import much more from that
country- than we export to it. In 1898 we exported
to Japan $20,502,156 in merchandise, and imported
from Japan $25,224,102. As far as trade goes she
has more to lose from any interruption than we have.
Put no interruption is necessary. The ?\[ikadj j
doesn't want his subjects scattered to the four winds.
He does not want to have to tom-tom them from
the ends of the earth when their presence is necessary
in his army and navy to maintain the position he has
assumed in oriental politics.
It will no doubt be found sufficient to intimate
diplomatically that our Government agrees with the
Mikado, that it is better for his people to btay at
home, and their migration will cease.
If, However, it prove that this course is ineffective,
we do not hesitate to say that Congress should act
independently of the wish of Japan and exclude the
coolies. The Japanese Government has the interests
of its own people to consider. Ours has the interests
of our people, and should not hesitate to even affront
Japan, if that be the spirit in which she takes the dis
charge of our duty to ourselves.
Since the Supervisors have discovered that there
is already a local law commanding a tax upon tele- 1
phone nickel-in-the-slot machines, it will be interest- I
ing to watch for the next artifice of the monopoly to j
svoid payment. If the telephone monopoly possesses I
any conscientious scruples they are concerned solely
with a purpose of cheating the Tax Collector.
THE WAR STAMP TAX CASE.
THE decision of the United States Suprcir.*
Court in the case of the American Express
Company vs. Maynard. Attorney General of
Michigan, the text of which is now before us, does
not, as The Call anticipated, settle the war revenue
tax controversy with Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Express
Company in this State. Justice White, who wrote
the opinion of the court, has considered the ques
tion from one standpoint only, namely, does the
war revenue act of 1898 forbid express companies
making contracts with shippers whereby the burden
of the stamp tax on bills of lading may be shifted?
In other words, does that statute arbitrarily require
tho«e corporations to pay the tax and cut off the
right of shippers to negotiate upon the subject?
Notwithstanding Justices Harlan and McKenna
dissented on the ground that in their opinion the act
imposes upon carriers of express packages the duty
not only of affixing to bills of lading at their own
expense the required stamp — thus providing shippers
with a receipt which may, if necessary, be used as
evidence — there is much authority for holding as
Justice White has hold. The broad basis of his ar
gument is that the Government in the war revenue
act has not concerned itself with the identity of the
rerson who pays the tax. The purpose of the law
is satisfied when the money is collected, and no ru
ternpt has been made to cut off the right of taxpay
ers to adjust among themselves the burden of the
taxation. It is a fact, as the learned jurist says, that
taxes are paid by the users rather than the owners
of property. Thus landlords add taxes to their rent,
lessors to the amounts demanded for their leases,
merchants to the prices of their wares and farmers
U« the value of their products.
So, finding nothing in the war revenue act which
forbids express companies demanding payment of tHe
stamp tax from shippers, or from* increasing their
rates to meet the cost of the stamps in case the de
mand is. refused, Justice White holds that the burden
may be shifted and that either party to the contract
of carriage may provide the stamp and cancel it.
But whether this is good law or not, it docs not
apply to California. Here the provisions of the Civil
(.'ode expressly impose the duty of issuing a legal bill
of lading upon the carriers of express packages, and
such a receipt is certainly one duly stamped. A con
sideration of the foUowing sections of the code re
ferred to will make this clear:
"2168. Every one who offers to the public to carry
persons, property or messages, excepting only tele
graphic messages, is a common carrier of whatever he
thus offers to carry.
"2169. A common carrier mint, if able to do so,
accept and carry whatever is offered to him, at a rea
sonable time and place, of a kind that he undertakes
or is accustomed to carry.
"2130. A carrier must subscribe and deliver to the
consignor, on demand, any reasonable number of
bills of lading, of the same tenor, expressing truly the
original contract of carriage; and if he refuses to do
so. the consignor may take the freight from him, and
recover from him besides all damages thereby occa
sioned."
Perhaps the statutes of Michigan do not contain
provisions sijnilar to these. If they do, they were not
cited in the case of the American Express Company
and, therefore, were not. considered by Justice White.
Wells. Fargo & Co. does business in this State by
virtue of a local franchise, although incorporated un
der the laws of Colorado. The corporation is bound
to obey the laws of this commonwealth .where they do
net conflict with the rights accorded to it as sn in-
33rc -tgimsfr* (EsiL
THURSDAY APRIL 26, \r/y
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
PCBUCATIO3 OFFICK. .Market and Third. 9. V
Telephone Main 1888.
CDITOKIAL IXOOMS 717 to 221 Stevenson S>
Telephone Main IS7-I.
Delivered t»r Currier*. 15 Cent" Per Week.
Mncle « oj.it-*. r, Onta.
Terms by Mall. Including foatacet
J5/TT*T CALL <\r.'\xiZ:r.z Sunday), orse >ear M <V
fiAILT C-Al-L. <:r)c!u<ilr.c Sunday). 6 nonthi 3.«
UAILT CALL Cr.cludlr.* E-»r.da.r). 3 con.hi 1-^
IjaILT CALL— lly Elncle Mont* f^
fI'.VL'AT CALL One Year J -" f
KXEXX.Y CALL Oae Tear lw
?11 poßtuiaaters are authorized (c receive
¦ ¦¦¦eriptloni.
t ~rr 1 > eoplc* wSU t* forwarded when recueated.
OAKLAND OFFICE Hl* Droadwar
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Uc^tgtr rort'<rn Adverttcirg, Uarquetts Buying. Chicago.
tLc-jr Distasc* Telephone "Cestral MIS.")
SEW YORK CGiifCESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
ket\- rona icepuxsentattte:
STEPHEN E. SMITH 30 Tribune Euiiding
CHICAGO NEV.S BTATCDS:
Ebcrmaa House ; P. O. N>w» Co.; Great Ncrttem Hote!:
Fmacrt House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TTtl2orr-A*torla Hotel; A. Urtctato. 81 Colon B<juan;
Hurray W.'A H-.til.
WASHINGTON (D. C ) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
VORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
DttAKCn OFFICES— m Ucntrcaery, ecrr.tr of Car. cpes
CEtll 9:30 o'clock- 800 Hare*, open cr.ttl 9. 50 o'clock. -633
UcAlllrter. cp«n until *,39 o'clock. CIS Larkln. oj«n un:lr
6:30 o^clock. IS4I Miwlon. cpen cnMl 10 o'clock. 225!
Market, eorrer BlxtttuLh, cj.en uctll 9 o'clock- 1098
Valencia, cjtn BBtd » o'clock. :C£ Elevtntb. cpen unu:
i o'clock. NW. corner X»e£t>-««cca(l ani Keatucky.
tpen until 9 o'clcrk.
AMUSEMENTS.
Califwrsia— "Captain L^ttarblair."
O-UTorr-ia.— Pet»chn!k&n and Hairbourr. Friday «fterro:c.
A'.ciiar— "Qut» Vadia."
Columbia— "The Flcorwa^keri."
T.vci:— The 'Wizard cf the Ni!e."
GractJ Ot*ra-houie— "An Aratlar;. Girt."
Orpfc^um — Vaudeville.
Fitter's Concert Hous* — "La. TravJata."
©JyisFia. corner Mifon and E'ldy etreets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo &zi Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon asd
tvtuing.
Central Park— Oentry'f Trained A=!mal Ehsw.
E: Carr-po— Dar.f iEE. boVlm*. ft£h!n«, etc. every Sunday.
OIVHtH Ra--»trark— liar»f to-day.
AUCTION SAXES.
By Cl:ase & M-r.^r.hall-Th's dar. at 11 a. in., at ITS Mar-
ket tirept. Horses.
THE CASE OF QUAY.
THE country is to be congratulated upon the re- j
fusal of the Senate to seat Mr. Quay upon an j
appointment by the Governor when a session of {
ihr. Legislature had intervened between the vacancy :
and the appointment. This congratulation ha; noth- i
ing whatever to do with the personality of Mr.
Uvzy, ::or the factional fight in the Republican party
of Pennsylvania. The motive for felicitation over
the event lies solely in i;s vindication of sound con
stitutional construction, in line with a precedent es- j
tablisbcd by the Senate when makers of the consti
tution were members of that body.
It must not be forgotten that the apparent cer
tainty that Quay would be seated on his appointment |
!:<is caused proposiiions for amending the constitu- j
ti'.n. It is a comment upon the loose thinking of the
time, that violation of the constitution should be
given as a reason for amending it. The surest way
t'> preserve the fundamental law in the symmetry in
which it was created is to strictly observe its pro- j
visions. j
That the Senate has done =0 we have no doubt.
The Ca'.l is gratified that its view of the case has been i
\ indicated by the Senate, as well as its judgment as
to the result of Quay's case.
There v.ere some noteworthy changes of opinion j
indicated in the vote, not apparently justified by any i
popular instruction, and one of these was by Sena- j
tor Perkins. Senator Bard stood by the sound and
unbroken construction of the constitution and killc! j
the vote of his colleague.
A TAX-SHIRKING DODGE
Ah v.a^ expected, an cnort is to be made to en
aLle the telephone company to evade the pay
ment of the amount due under the ordinance
imposing a tax of ?^ a quarter upon all niekel-in-the
slot machines operated for grain in the city. It I*s now
claimed that the tax is invalid so far as the telephone
companies are concerned, because it does not in th<
title specify that telephone slot machines are to be
subject to it.
It is provided in the charter: "An ordinance shali
embrace but one subject, which subject shall be ex
pressed in its title. If any subject be embraced in ar
ordinance and not expressed in its title, said ordi
jiance fhall be void only as to so much thereof as is
not expressed in its title. " The order fixing license
fees for nickel-in -thc-slot machines is in three sec
tions, the title of the second section being "weighing,
phonographic, forttme-tellfng, punching, lifting, elec
tric machines, etc." It will be seen that nothing is said
of telephones or kinctoscopes but it is specified that
electric machines shall be taxed, and the abbreviation
etc. is added to cover all other slot machines of the
kind.
The telephone machines arc nickcl-in-the-slot ma
chines and electric machines. They arc therefore
sufficiently described by the title. Furthermore, zi
Supervisor- McCarthy has pointed out- in an inter
view, "a large part of the back taxes .due by th:
telephone company under the order accrued before
the charter went into operation, and until the be
ginning of the present year there was no such regula
tion in force regarding the titles of orders."
The issue is one for the courts to decide, and the
test should be speedily made. It will be the duty of
thr.Tax Collector to collect the back taxes as soon
as he receives the resolutions of the Supervisors in
structing him to do 50. The telephone company has
shirked it* V>kvs for so long a time that it will of
course make a hard Tight against paying them now.
therefore it behooves the officers of the city to be
resolute. in enforcing the law. We shall of course
have further threats from the telephone company "to
put it in »he bill," but that is another issue — one that
can be dealt with on!y when the municipal au
thorities arc given power to regulate the charges of
telephone corporations in the same manner as otherji
controlling and operating public utilities.
The fight of the independent tobacco producers iii
this State against the trust seems to have reached ti:e
expected result. It has gone up in smoke.
This big slxteen-inch gun will be completed In a few days at the armory at Watervleit. X. T. It Is the biggest rjn of
Its kind in America. The intention Is to mount this majestic piece of ordnance at Sandy Hook, to form a part of th ; pow
erful defenses there. Without the carriage it -weighs 126 tons. The projectile it uses -neighs 2370 pounds, and it r <juires
' ItOO pounds of powder to start it on its flight. Every time the gun Is fired it costs SSS3. The gun has a rar.se of more than
twenty miles, and to attain the maximum range the projectile must rise to a height of nearly five miles.
BIGGEST GUN IN AMERICA ALMOST COMPLETED
Weary Women,
The attention of the Postmaster has been directed to the fact that
a number of employes in this service are frequent visitors at the race
track for the purpose of gambling.
Believing the practice to be a most pernicious one, and having in
view the ruin and disgrace which have come to so many men from indul
gence in this vice, he takes this occasion to solemnly warn and admon
ish the clerks and carriers of this service.
It is a fair presumption, supported by abundant evidence, that
the man who gambles is not a safe person to be intrusted with hand
ling the mail or property of others. The Postmaster believes the de
partment will take this view of the subject, and he now gives notice
that he will promptly report to the First Assistant Postmaster General
the names of all employes who continue to play the races or to visit
gambling resorts, with a recommendation that they be peremptorily re
moved from the service as unfit for the responsibilities of public offlc©.
. W. W. MONTAGUE, Postmaster.
NOTICE TO EMPLOYES.
Postmaster Montague Warns All the
Employes Against Betting on
the Horses.
RACETRACK GAMBLING
NOT TO BE TOLERATED
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL i>6, 1900.
6SCOTT WILL DEMAND
TELEPHONE LICENSES
Supervisors' Committee Regards Or
dinance as Binding — Adver
tising Cars to Be Taxed.
The Supervisors' Ucense. Committee
took up the consideration yesterday of
the section of an ordinance which im
poses a license of $2 per quarter on nickel
electrical machines, which Supervisor
McCarthy holds covers the nickel at
tachments to telephones. Tax Collector
Scott urs;ed that the order be amended
to include telephones in the title of the
ordinance so as to comply with the
charter. Chairman Comte was of the
opinion that they were embraced In the
mineral term "electrical machines." Scott
then expressed his determination to make
a demand on the telephone company for
the rcer.se. •
The. committee decided to recommend
that a license of $10 per annum be Im
posed on each street car which carries
any form of advertisement. This will be
Ask for Allen's Foot-ease.
A powder to shako Into your shoes. It rests the
feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns and
Bunions, Sullen. Callous and Sweating feet.
BoH by all druggists and shoe stores, 23c. Ask
to-day. Sample FREE. Address, Allen S. Olm
6ted. Le Roy, N. Y.
Professional Men.
After a hard days work, are found at Zln
kand's enjoying the best meal to be had and
listening to the music.
A Prominent PassengEr Agent Here
Mr. George A. Cullen, general Western
passenger apent of the Delaware; Lacka
wanna and Western Railroad, is in the
city lookinp after business in this portion
of his territory. Mr. (.'ullen has occupied
responsible positions in the railway world
since early manhood, .md there are few
better posted in matters relatlnjr to pas
senffor traffic than he. His present ap
pointment dates from lnst year, and while
exprosr.inc: dellsrht with California and its
scenery he stoutly maintains that the
beauty* of scenery on the Lnckawarna
route" Is unsurpassed anywhere in the
known world.
EscapEd Contract Laborers Landed.
Twenty-seren Venetian contract labor
ers arrived yesterday from Honolulu nn
the Australia. They hart been workinp on
the Islands for nearly two years anil hnd
broken their contracts ami escaped, Dep
uty Immigration <V>Tnmi.<sioner Schel! anil
Immigration Inspector de \n Torre, exam
ine,! them and allowed all hut two to land.
Disease was the reason for refusing a
landlnjr to the unlucky ones.
•
in a<l<iitinn to tho lirpnse of $1.". on each
car owned hy thf» companies. Th*» or<li
r.r.nre will he so worried that th<» !Irpn < »»»
will li*> chared to and ooliprtffi from th*
tar curr.i>ar>iP3. sircf they derive a reve
nue from the adverttstng prtrUrgts.
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN 532.
MATTXEES SATURDAY AND TUESDAY
NEXT <DEWEY DAY).
Jjurl AVr-ek of Our New York Extravaganza
<'om:>any in
AN ARABIAN GIRL.
Reappearance After Their Triumphant Eastern
T"ur of
The Wonderful ''hild Artists.
ARNOLD GRAZER and LA PETITE HAZEL.
! In Tl^eir Unique and Delightful Take Walk.
Accorded a Perfect Ovation l>«!>t Nipht.
Next IV«ek— "lN GAY NEW YORK."
Additional New Faces.
I'PUAL POPI'LAR PRICES.
i rjnM Reserved Seat in Orchestra, at All Mat-
inees, 2jc.
r!ran<-h Ticket Office. Emporium.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
The Amateurs
AT
The Handicap
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night.
Order Setts by Phone. Park 23
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
APRIL 21 TO MAY X, INCLUSIVE
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine
Five or more races each day.
Races Mart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-l*>atg leave Pan Francisco at 12 m and
12:30. 1. 1.30. 2. 2:30 and 8 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to .Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland mole connect with Kan I'alilu avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Itroadway Oak-
land. Al?o all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Rroadway. Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:«5 p. m. and immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President. "
H. B. MILROY. Secretary.
FAMILY RESORT-EL CAMPO,
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-flve minutes' ride on the bay tn that
large. magr.lflcent steamer. L'klah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing, boating, plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. 25 cents for the round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children between
S and 12 years of age 15 cents.
Leave Tfburon ferry, foot of Market street.
10:19 a. m.. 1 and 4 p. tn. Leave El Campo
11:4$ a. m.. 3 and 6 p. m.
William Rolger, Hale Marsh. Paul Terry, Pu
tro; Charles Thomson. John O'Crkn, Washing
ton.
73-yard race for fat boys— lV. H. Danhauer,
Crocker School; Guy Bailey, Frank Dv Franc,
Clement; fllvlo Zambelli, Jloodle Sawyer, Ev
erett; Joseph Cuthbert, Herbert Piper, Grant:
Klnrrsbury barker. James Langhorne. Pacific
Heights; Chester Lynch, Irvin Rothman. Wash
ington: Nelson Giberson. Spring Valley.
Fitty-vard e^K race for girls from sixth to
ninth grade— Millie Mahoney. Berserot School;
I.aurotta Kaupert. Hilda Holterir.an, Colum
bia: Laura Gorman. May Kara, Clement; Grace
Wallace, Addie King. Crocker; Hazel Ryan,
Ednn Jones, Everett; Edith Artkin, Ethel Rur
nian, Hancock: Tillle Prolinger, Humboldt;
Carrie Huppert, Alice Ingram, James Lick;
Florence Bell, Marie Stolzenwald. Mission;
Annie Gotolli, Josephine Pichler. South End;
Beatrice H. Gulttard. Spring Valley; Lizzie
Johnson, Ellie McMlchael. S^unnyslde; Eva
Canavan. Edith Furrer. West End.
Fifty-yard tack race for boys of the sixth
and seventh prrades— Mayfelt Jacobs. Adams
School; Fritz Bauer. Gus Brudlgan. Columbia;
Ralph Forrest, Chester Johnson, Clement ; H.
Bessi. H. Campbell. Crocker; John Brown,
Henry Hopp (Hugo Maar, James Pow, sub
stitutes) Everett: Joseph Machl, Randolph
Morris. Hancock; Oscar Mlttltstadt, Otto
Lindskoß. James Lick: Thomas O'Brien, James
Thompson. Lapruna Honda: Charles Graves,
Harrar Goss. Mission; Victor Cereghino. Willie
Pennon. M-inrne; Elkan Voorsanser, William
Everts. Pacific Heights; Stanley O'Hari.
Charles Rodney, Sheridnn: Craig Owens, Ed
Kawlinson. Sprint? Valley; Dale. Halstead,
Washington; Hector NeepoH, Henry Barner.
West End: Joseph O'Neill. John Pnett.
one-hundred-yard race for boys of eighth and
ninth grades— Will Costigan. Walter Levy,
\dams School: Albert Cordes. Joseph Doherty.
Columbia; T. Sundy, S. N«-alon. Crocker; Prank
Pcatena. Norman Knruf, Hancock: James
Bisnotti, Emil Piolle, Monroe: Robert Wood
ward. Kenneth Weron. Pacific Heights; Grover
Lane. Jr.e Mangon, Sheridan; James norland,
John Cniltmix. South End; Daniel Shay. Ed
ward Kelton. Washington.
Fifty-yard race for trirls of fourth and fifth
grarfe?— Yettle Lrjjling. Adams School: Elhel
Chase. Gertrude Kolmke. Agacsiz; May Russel.
Anna Donovan Columbia; Maud Hoenig, Alma
Ptrench. Clement: Lucy Hlnk, Nelly Cahill,
Everett- Hazel McC/ullougn. Grace Smith,
llaight: Tola Johnson. Magda Wollesen. Haw
thorne; Clara Georgean. Margaret Semmlhaack,
Hancock: May Cone, Edna Robinett. Hearst;
Olga Alschefcki. Lillie yon Helms. Humboldt;
Josephin* Treach, Annie OnetO, Irving; Cons
tance Russel. Gertrude Groves. James Lick:
Elia Phillip?. Marion Cane, Longfellow; Annie
Seelos Clara Huckon. Mission; Annette Lan
get. Emma Kolt. Pacific Heights, EJna Gates.
Marian Grace. Pea body; Christine MacKlllop,
Richmond; Ida Miller. Selina Schmor. Rlncon:
Ethel Aitblson, Hattie Crawford. Sheridan; Ira
Lane Lawrence Mowers, Spring Valley; Irene
Lee Ella Thompson. Sunnyt-ide: Vona. Taber,
Lillie Assalinas. Bunny Vale; Mary Rovegno.
Henrietta Razzo, West End: Flossie Dorffle,
Fifty-yV'-d race for boys of fourth and fifth
grade*— Martin Teasy. Adams; John Smith,
Ch.-ster Skaggs. Agas=.-i7.; Walter Kay, WUHa
Johnson. Columbia; Lloyd Johnson. William
Irving Clement: Melville H. I.nnx. Rronson B.
Tufts 'Dudley Stone: Reuben Irvine. Don Page.
Everett: Romaine Stranshmy, Frank Broda,
Emerson; Allen Taylor. Alex Beaton, Haight :
Ralph Crawford. Ellis Rnthwick. Hancock;
James Iteun. Arthur Waibel. Hawthorne; Fred
Favor Rr.y MacGorman. Hearst: William Pali
ger Verne Hanks. Humholdt; Robert Downie,
fm'bPrto Pel Carlo. Irving: Mervln Dowd.
Charles Anderson, James Lick: Charles Gor
man Hugo Hart. John Swett; liertle Bell, Ed
die Hear. Laguna Honda: Paul Christen,
Charles Eastland. Longrellow; Albert JorKen
sen Bertha, Wrieht. Pacific Heights; Andrew
Toting Hurry Johnson. Mifrion: John Hall,
clarence Eavfn. Peabody: William McGuire.
Richmond: Wi'.liam Crawford, William Herg
man Sheridan: George Terry. Spring Valley;
John Gotelll. Eugene Guatelli. Sunny Vale:
Terry O'Connor. Frarjc Barrett, Sunnyslde:
M;irk de Cwrtone, Futro; Emelio Rokfo, Edward
TrnniFon. Washington: Joseph Alivio. Fred
Cornelius. West End, and William Delventhal.
Whittier.-
Races will fomraenre at 2 p. m.. and pu
pils entered must compete in the trial heat
to which they are assigned on the pro
gramme. All appliances for special events
will be furnished on the grounds. In tho
hill race the winner must climb a pol<* at
the top of the hill and remove a ribbon.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
The Mail Steamer Australia
Arrives From the Ha
waiian Islands.
Steerage Passengers Were Allowed to J
Ijeave Honolulu for the First :
Time Since Bubonic Plague
Scare Started.
>
The mail steamer Australia arrived
from Honolulu early yesterday morning
and was sent into quarantine. The heavy
northwester that has been raging off the
coast for the last few days delayed the*
vessel nearly ten hours, and everybody on
board was glad when port was reached.
Over two hundred passengers came up on
the mail steamer. During the afternoon
those In the cabin were released and land
ed at Pacific street. Nearly every one
who came up on the Australia has been
waiting for weeks to get away from the
islands. The Australia being the only ves
sel that could handle them, everybody
had to take hi« turn. As there have been
no new cases of the plague in the Islands
and the quarantine is to be raised on
May 1. the chances are that all the steam
ers' leaving th*> islands after that date
will carry passengers, and the rush to
reach California will soon be over.
The cabin passengers on the Australia
were:
A Drier, wife and four children: H. Renjes.
wife and child; K. W. Meier, wife, two chil
dren and maid; Mrs. J. M. McChesney, three
children and maid; Mrs. J. M. McCandless.
two children and maid; A. Merriweather, v.-ife
and three children, Mrs. D. H. Case and two
Children, J. J. Williams and daughter. J. V.
Hopper and wife. Miss M. Hopper, .1. C. Coh^n
»nd wife. W. Murray and wife. W. 12. MiffliPli.
\V. Writer?. Mrs. W. H. Johnson, T. Whitson.
T. N. Smith, A. Sh^lth. V. A. Johnson. J.
McGuire, Mis? F, Katz. Mrs. (5. Grovo. \V. Ci.
Aahler. Miss F. Noltp. Yuen Chong and wife,
J. S. "McCandlesß. Miss H. C. Hushflelil, Miss
N. <:hees<Pinan. Mr?. \V. J. TIHK Mrs. A. L..
Lincoln. Miss F. M. Hazen. <.'. \\\ Dickey and
wifr, Mrs. H. Waterhouse. J. F. Morrison,' R.
J. Thompson. Mrs. O. Pederson, Mrs<. T>.
Wolters Ml.«s B. Rartlpy, A. Lnrsfn, R. C.
(iear. T Pomi. C Tapllos, Mips M. Uow>r. W.
M Tinnin H. Tt. Tuck. A. W. WHrh. J. H.
Smith, W. IV. forrey. G. Kunst, W. Volght.
S I' Em^ry. C. Robinson. Mrs. P. Oilman,
\V. v Parry. Mis* A. Ulster. Mm. A. French,
Miss A. M. Bartholomew, Miss Hosshard. Miss
C Martin, Mls=s S. rail, Mrs. J. F. Bowler,
Mrs. A. Burrows. Miss A. Jacobs.
There are 117 passengers in the steerage
still aboard the steamer. This is the first
time in nearly two months that the mail
boat has carried second-class passengers.
Several of them are Gallcians who
created such a stir in Hawaii a year ago.
They violated their contrnct with the
sugar planters and were Imprisoned for
doing so. The Australia besides a general
cargo brought from Honolulu six boxes
of coin valued at $150,000.
The Australia brings the news that the
steamer Charles Nelson went ashore on
a reef at Kauai. She was got off with the
losa of an anchor and a few fathoms of
chain. While at Hanamaula a slight fire
started in the lime cargo, but was put out
without much damage.
Nippon Maru Sails.
The Japanese mail steamer Nippon Ma
ru sailed for the Orient yesterday. Just
before she got away twenty-six Japanese
were removed from her to the steamer
Umatiila. The latter vessel will take
them to Puget Sound and from Victoria
or Vancouver. B. C, It Is expected they
will make their way back into California
by the "underground route."
Among those who went away on the
vessel were YV. F. Aldrich, deputy United
States Consul at Hongkong, and Robert
McWade. United States Consul at Amoy.
On account of the troublous times in
China both men were hurrying back to
their posts. George T. Keys we/it out
as purser of the Nippon Maru. W. H. Nel
son, the regular officer having to remain
behind on account of ill health. Dr. Fine,
who on account of sickness had to leave
the vessel at Honolulu on her last trip to
the Orient, was able to go out on the
steamer on this occasion.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
At the usual weekly meeting of the
board yesterday the contract lor repairing
the northerly portion of Jickson-street
wharf and the bulkhead between Broad
way and Pacific street was let to the
Dundon Bridge and Construction Com
pany. Outside piles are to be supplied
for '$750 and inside ones for $1330. The
lumber is to be supplied at <V, per thou
sand.
Julian Theall was appointed a wharf
inger. His appointment will take effect
May 1. He replaces D. M. Angler, whose
term expired several months ago.
Water Front Notes.
H. Rhine, proprietor of a candy factory
at 210 Sacramento street, and D. Stock
warts, his assistant, were treated at the
Harbor Hospital by Dr. Hoper yesterday
for severe burns on the hands and fore
arms. The men were superintending the
boiling of molasses candy when the mix
ture boiled over and caught fire. They
attempted to extinguish the blaze with
their hands.
Albert Rosser. a teamster, puzzled the
doctors at the Harbor Hospital yesterday.
He fell off his wagon on Main-street
wharf and was unconscious for seveYal
minutes. The ambulance was called, but
when it arrived Rosser refused to go in
it. saying he was all right. Later hr was
taken to the hospital by a friend and a
fey.- minutes after he was placed on the
operating table seemed to lose all power
over his limbs. Dr. Putnam examined him
thoroughly, but could find no trace of a
bruise "on 'his body except a slight discol
oration over the left eye. Rosser tried to
eet out of bed Uvioe and as many times
the hospital attendants found him In a
heap on the floor. •
The bark Albert arrived from Honolulu
yesterday and was placed in quarantine.
She got away without her clearance pa
pers. As they came up on the Nippon
Maru and were awaiting her arrival there
will be no trouble.
The new schooner Sehome arrived from
New AVhatcom yesterday after a smart
passage of tive days. She dragged consid
erably off Meiggs wharf. In order to get
clear she had to slip her anchor, losing the
rmid hook and fifty fathoms of chain.
Captain Gammons has taken command
of the ship C, F. Sarjreant. Captain An
dersen of the schooner Coquille, Captain
Panno of the barkentlne Catherine Sud
den and Captain Anderson of the bark C.
B. Kenney.
The schooner Bonita. which sailed for
Cape Nome on April 8, put back into port
In distress last night. The captain of the
schooner reports havinp encountered a
heavy northwest pale after he had been
to sea several days, which carrier] away
some of the rigsinp and otherwise injured
the vessel.
Hale Bros. Will Soon Exhibit Montgomery's Famous Picture Entitled, "A "Farm Ballad."
ALFRED MONTGOMERY'S famous painting entitled "A
Farm Ballad" has been purchased by Hale Bros., i lie
well known merchants of this city. The sum of $10,000
was paid for the magnificent picture from the brush of
the talented American, and it will be placed on exhibition to
the public on the opening of Hale Bros.* new store, which the
firm will occupy on the completion of the handsome- Btrueture
new in course of construction on Market street, near Sixth.
"A Farm Ballad" represents such a scone as one often pees
in Western farm life. Jt is the interior of an ol(l-fa?hioned.
homely barn which is a feature among the older Western
ranches. In the background are seen several barrels full of corn
on the cob. In different parts of the picture are seen sacks of
corn, loose corn and a pumpkin or two. So strikingly and ex
ceptionally true to nature is this picture of corn that it has
created considerable comment among artists and critics.
BOY ATHLETES
WILL COMPETE
AT GLEN PARK
May Day Tournament Draws
Pupils From All
Schools.
Preparations Are Completed for Han
dling a Great Throng of Chil
dren and Their Relatives
on That Occasion.
¦ ¦ ?
An almost overwhelming number of en
tries have been received for the various
athletic events to take place at the May
day festivities at Glen Park. The chil
dren have entered heartily into the spirit
of the affair and would have increased the
entries many fold had they not been lim
ited to two representatives from each
school. The complete entry follows:
100-yard hill-climbinK race for boya of eighth
and ninth grades — t*j'lvlan Kralmer and Nathan
Olynakl. Adams School; Kmile Hoclle. Colum
bia; J. Martin. I*. Hester. Crocker; Norman
KnoEf. Frank Scatina. Hancock: Herman
Cordets. Melvin Banzahf, Herbert Hardy. KreU
di» Cortz, Hawthorne; Raymond Nolan. HearFt:
George Maklnson, L*puna Honda; Arthur \Yi?
brand. Mission; I>juis Oliva. Monroe; Prestis
liftrV.s, Will Boyhem. John Byrne, Valentine
Roberts. Pacifif HeiKhts; Chris Manpan. Sheri
dan; AHred Honcoverl. E<lwar«l Kreese. Henry
Levy, Henry Posna, Washington; Arthur
Young, Victor Mendelson, John ?wett.
75-yard ihree-leget! race for boys of sixth to
ninth trrades— Henry Kage, lsador Simon,
Adams School; Andrew Monaehan, Roy St.
John. BerEerot; Gerald Griffith, V. Madrid,
George Hates. Prank Lincoln. Clement; Elmer
Raymond. Charles Lundburg. Columbia; K.
Mohrit It. Hlnk, Crocker; Harry Frerlcks,
Henry Helns. Boy Jeffrie?!. Roy Keed. Everett;
William Johnson, K«'.die l>ietE. Grant; Kugen*
McKerttt. Mark Fontana. Hancock; Arthur
Toune. Grover Klam, John Swett; Kdward
Walsli. Fiank Meadowcorft, Lafruna Honda;
Granville Mayhem. Robert Budd. Mission; Car
e Wo. Toreilo. Willie Loserr.an. Monroe.; Fred
Tatum, l/awppnci> Dalton. Pacific Heights:
Frank Anta^m, Gordan Hutchison. Edward
Sheedy, David Winter. Sheridan; James Eu-
Ftace, Fred Wrisht. South End; Li. Benin,
John I>oug-herty, Spring Valley; Allen Ayres,
MAGAZINE LITERATURE OF 200 YEARS AGO.
Copyright 1900, by
Seymour Eaton
GOLDEN /\GES OF LITERATURE,
Ladles, you are cordially invited to at-
tend the opening reception of the Bon Ton
Co.'s Pariors at 324 Post street, opp. Union
sauare. to-day, from 10 a. m. to 9p. m.»
Will Oppose Graded Rates.
The Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' Association will be represented
by its secretary. Thomas P. Smith, at the
meeting of the National Association , of
Manufacturers to be held at Boston
day. Eastern representatives of local job
bing houses will also be present. The at
tention of the Eastern manufacturers will
he called to the fact that their trade with
this coast would be seriously affected if
graded rates should be established on
transcontinental business, as proposed by
the Middle West jobbers.
GETTHE GENUINE SAHDEN
AT HALF PRICE I
No. 7 $40.00 Belt for §20.00. Xo. 6
$30.00 Belt for $15.00. No. 5 $20.00
Belt for $10.00. These I guarantee on
$5000 bonds, and will pay to any
charitable institution $1000 if it can
be shown that the Belts I am now sell-
ing at Half-Price are not the bona fide
U. S. patented Sanden Be!?, purchased
of Dr. A. T. Sanden in 1899. and as sold
on this Coast for years past.
There is no deception nor imitation in
these Belts. They are sold in the Lion
Drug Store and at my office, and are the
Belts with 30 years' record as the great
remedy for the ailments of man and
woman.
Call and test them, or write for Dr.
SandeVs book. "Three Classes of
Men." free. Addre«3
DR. S. S. HALL,
70S MARKET ST., ROOM 3,
SAN FRANCISCO,
OLD BEER STAMPS
USED ON NEW KEGS
Bevenue Officials Engaged in Search
ing a Brewery for Evidence
of Further Fraud.
Special Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas
has notified the Treasury Department at
Washington of the seizure of four kegs
Of beer from the United States Brewery,
on which kegs the revenue stamps had
not been properly canceled. One of the
kegs bore a stamp which had been used
on another package, torn off and pasted
upon the keg seized.
The revenue officials are now engaged in
examining the books and accounts of the
brewery, with the object of ascertaining
the extent of tho. alleged fraud and
whether there is a ring among the em-
The" brewery is a member of the English
syndicate.
An ounre of help is better than a pound
of preaching".
INSURANCE RUSTLERS
MEET IN CONVENTION
Officers Appointed on Basis of Busi
ness Done by Them During
Past Year.
A convention of agents of the New York
Life Insurance Company doing business
west of the Rockies and a few others was
held at the Palace Hotel yesterday. Only
those were present who had done not less
than $inft,ooO worth of business during the
year.
The officers of Ihese conventions are the
men who do the most business during the
year. The highest one is made president
and the next three vice presidents^ The
ratings are made in New York. No one
knows who the lucky men are until their
names are read by the .permanent secre
tary. John C. McCall. Much interest nat
urally attaches to the reading of these
names. That of Oliver fl. Snow of Utah
was read first yesterday and Charles B.
Wheeler. William T. Roberts and Ber
nard Bauerschmidt were announced a3
vie? presidents. .
Insurance topics were discussed during
the forenoon. The afternoon was devoted
to an excursion to' the Cliff. Last even
ing Chinatown and a theater party gave
amusement. The discussion of Insurance
will be continued to-day and to-morrow.
This evening the annual banquet will take
place at the Palace.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OVARIAN TROUBLES.
Lvdia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Cures Them -Two Letters from Women.
" Dear Mks. Pixkhasi : — I write to
tell you of the good Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Veg-etable Compound has done
me. I was sick in bed about five weeks.
The right side of my abdomen pained
me and was so swollen and sore that I
could not walk. The htxgyjy^g^J
doctor told my hus- §g|i^£at|93||j
band I would have to
undergo an operation. p^"^R
This I refused to do <T^L ! i,^X
until I had given your /^J? /i /7»t^3* Jt2\
medicineatrial. lie- /C)£ffi : \£sljf
fore I had taken A/ J»S*^\vKw
one bottle the j&L f-fw^f^
swelling be- tfTY*i I |!| ) W
gan to disap- TCY 7 / ' «
pear. I con- f *>£< I I \ f 1
tinued to use t-^u_'. ; / : I
your medicine • \
until the swelling / / I
was entirely gone. 11l \
When the doctor fiM ——--4
came he was very AqS^^^S S2^
much surprised to , ¦r^^ t *^? L
see me so much f^!!~ii'J^^^""*^
better."— Mbs. Maby Smith, Arlington,
lowa.
" Dea r Mrs. Pinkham:— l was sick for
two years with falling of the womb, and
inflammation of the ovaries and bladder.
I was bloated ver3' badly. My left limb
would hwell so I could not step on my
foot. I had such bearing down pains I
could not straighten up or walk across
the room and such shootingpains would
through me that I thought I could
not stand it. My mother got me a bottle
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and told me to try"it,t I took six
bottles and now, thanks to your won-
derful medicine, I am a well woman."
— Mbs Elsie Bbyax, Otisville, Mich.
With Adiison's aid the Tatler ran on
some two years ar.d then ceased to ap
pear, but only to make way for the Spec
tator.
The Spectator.
The Spectator Is Addison"s work as tho
Tatler is Steele'.*. Of the 563 papers Ad
dtson contributed 274, as against 23rt by
Steele. But there is more than this. Tho
Spectator himself, the fictitious person
ality from whom the paper was supposed
to proceed, is Addison. or. better. Addi
son s life mask. Around him are grouped
the figures of Sir Roger, Will Honey
comh. t'aptain Sentry and others, orig
inally designed by Steele, but instantly
appropriated by Addison. When we open
the old volumes of the Spectator we turn
at onct- to Sir Roger at church. Tlslttng
the theater or rowing to Spring Garden
with the one-legged waterman who had
fought at La Hogue. and this ia all puro
Addison. It was Artdison. too. who struck
out the news Items which had once filled
so much Of the Tatler and replaced
S'eele's lively-'theatrieal notices by tho
famous critical papers on "False ami Tru<»
Wit" and the then unknown epic of
"Paradise Lost."
We must not be unjust to Steele. He
has suffered much from his detractor
Macaulay; more, perhaps, from his frieni
Thackeray. Only of late years la a tardy
tribute being rendered to his delightful
genius. He was by far the more original
of the two: franker, gayer and more sym
pathetic than Addison. Nothing that th-»
more perfect artist has written ap
proaches in poignant human pathos th*
lines in which Steele tells of his first
childish apprehension of sorrow, or nar
rates the death of his old friend's Wife.
It Is a characteristic story, too charac-
Uristic not to be true, that Steele brokft
into t^ars over this last paper and left it
to AdUison to supply the moralizing close
with its apt quotation from "Paradisft
Lost" and its serene rebuke to Mr. Dry
den.
Between them Steele and Addison car
ried the Spectator to the highest pitch of
popularity. It penetrated to the remotest
corners -of the kingdom, lay on the morn
ing tea tray of the young lady of fashion
and made the round of the coffee-houses.
Even royalty began the day with the
Spectator. It was insued daily and before
its close had attained a circulation of 10.
000 copies. As fast a.-» numbers enousrh
appeared they were hound up In octavo
volumes, and over CfjOO of these were sold
at a guinea apiece. Considering the limit
ed number of the reading public at that
time, we may well believe Macaulay'*
statement that the popularity of the
Spectator rivaled that of the Waverley
novels or the most successful works of
Dickens.
The Close of the Period.
Politics proved the ruin of the periodi
cal literature of that age. Tho Spectator
was non-narti.san. but the restless spirit
of Steele had long been rhaftn; under the
onslaught of the Tory Examiner, and he
brought the Spectator to a close on De
cember 6, 1712. in order to start the Guar
dian, in which the political element speed
ily assumed the predominance. Tn October
of the following year he founded the
P^nglishman, "to rouse In this divided na
tion that lost thine called Publick Spirit."
Unfortunately public spirit when invoked
by the press Is only too apt to appear In
the form of party strife, and in the spring
of 1714 Steele was expelled from his newly
won seat in the Commons for certain ut
terances in the Knglishman and for his
pamphlet "The Crisis."
In the following year Addison was en
gaged by the Government, now thorough
ly Whig, to support the House of Han
over in a paper entitled the Freeholder.
In 17ir» we even find the old friends ami
allies at daggers-drawn over the peerage
bill. Steele attacked the measure in the
Plebeian, to .which Addison Immediately
responded in the Old Whig. There was an
unseemly change of personalities and a
rupture which was never healed in thin
world. For a little while Steele cherished
his anger, but his generous nature over
came his resentment and he paid In the>
Theatre and the preface to "The Drum
mer" full and noble homage to "that ex
cellent man whom heaven made his friend
and his superior, • * • whom he had
almost worshiped while living."
Steele survived Addison about ten year?.
But the golden age of the periodical es«<r>y
wa.«« passed long before his death. The
type which he had created and Addison
perfected had but a brief existence. Yet
it Is impossible to overestimate Its \-alue.
Not only did it set a model for English
prose style, witty, lively, transparently
clear and exquisitely tactful, but it
played the part of moral censor to an as<>
whose excesses cri^d aloud for such an
officer. It taught a frlTPtoqa and skeptical
world that vice, not virtue, was the proper
target of satire: that a man might act
ually love his wife without exciting public
ridicule, and that there was no necessary
contradiction between the characters o"f
a gentleman and a Christian. And to us
in these later days what a picture it pre
sents of the "teacup times of hood and
hnop."
"As we read 'in thes«» delightful volumes
of the Tatler and th«» Spectator." says
Thackeray, "the past age returns, the
England of our ancestors is revivified.
Th*> Maypole rises In the Strand acaln in
London; the churches are thmncrori with
daily worshipers; the b*>aux are gathering
In the coffee-houses: thf> gentry arf goirirr
to the drawing-room: the ladles ar»
thronging tn the toy shop?; tho chairmen
are jostling in the streets: the footman
ar<* running with links before thp chariots
or fighting around the theater doors."
T. M. PARPvOTT.
Princeton I'nlverslty.
XVTII. EARLY BRITISH PEEI
ODICALS.
BY THOMAS MARC PARROTT, PH.D.
The origin of English periodical litera
ture may bo traced back to the Courant
or Weekly News, published at Irregular
Intervals from 1621 to 1841 by Nathaniel
Butter. This was an attempt to give the
public at largo what had before been the
privilege of those rich enough to pay a
newswrlter. It had to contend on the one
hand against the severity of the official
censor, and on the other against the in
difference of the public. But with the ad
vent of the Long Parliament the censor
ship was temporarily overthrown and the
public awakened to the liveliest interest
in the events of the day. Consequently
the period of the civil wars is marked by
the sudden and numerous appearance of
Intelligencers. Diurnals and Mercuries.
Bitterly partisan in tone, these were not
so much newspapers as weekly outbursts
of scurrility. The Mereurius Aulicus of
Oxford advocated the royal cause '^with
a great deal of wit and buffoonery." Its
rival, the Morcurius Britannicus. was the
work of Marchmont Nedham, styled by
his enemies "that Goliath of the Philis
tines." But the Restoration put a sharp
and sudden stop to these productions.
Roger L'Estrange became at once the
censor of the press and the publisher of
the official organ, which doled out such
scraps of news as royalty deigned to al
low its subjects. After the Revolution,
however, the press sprang Into lusty life.
Three newspapers appeared on the very
day after James fled from London, and
such a publication as the Athenian Mer
cury, a mild weekly, which discussed
philosophic and fanciful questions, show
ed a demand on the part of the public for
something more and better than broken
bits of news.
This demand Daniel Defoe from his un
comfortable quarters in Newgate under
took to gratify. His Weekly Review of
the Affairs of France (1704-14) was the
first step toward higher Journalism, and
Defoe was the first editor in our modern
sense. He not only gave the news, but
commented upon it. warned the people
against the prevailing frauds and follies
of the day, and in a department entitled
"Advice From the Scandalous Club" gave
"a weekly history of nonsense, imperti
nence, vice and debauchery."
The game of publication went merrily
on. By 1709 there were six periodicals ap
pearing on Monday. Wednesday and Fri
day, and a round dozen on the alternate
days on which the Dost left London.
The Tatlei
Tn the midst of this jostlinpr thronsr
there appeared the Tatler. owned. Pilited
and in great part written by Richard
Steek; Esq. Always in financial straits.
Steele was .it this time looking about for
some means of adding to his income; pos
sibly the need of supplying • > Prue" with
guineas "for her pocket" was more than
usually imperative. The issue of a period
ical somewhat above the common type
promised to be remunerative, for he had
special inducements to offer the public. As
editor of the official Gazette he would
have early and authentic news of the war
in Spain and Flanders. a.« a gentleman of
the beau mende he could serve up under
the thin disguise of classic names the
latest go«sip of court and town, as poet
and playwright he could furnish news of
the world of letters, and. lastly, as author
of the Christian Hero and self-appointed
censor morum he could continue the at
tack on fashionable dissipation begun by
Jeremy Collier and Jonathan Swift. AH
that was needed was a fictitious person
ality to give unity and character to the
periodical, and for this he seized upon the
mock astrologer, Isaac BiekerstafT. whom
Swift had created a year before to the
conf usi >n and ridicule of old Partridge,
the cobbler, astrologer and almanac
maker of the day.
The Tatler was published tri-weekly on
the post days. The first four numbers
were distributed gratis, after which the
price was fixed at a penny, a humorous
apology in the first number recounting
the pains and expense to which Mr. Bick
erstafE was put in gathering news at the
coffee-houses. Steele took pains, no doubt,
but I fancy he was put to little extraor
dinary expense in collecting material for
the Tatler. All was stuff that came in
his way, Thus in the first few numbers
we have a bit of society gossip, a report
of the benefit for the old tragedian. Bet
terton. the news of the gathering of the
forces for the campaign of Malplariuet. a
eulogy of the Whig Ministry, a broadly
humorous sketch of the adventures of a
strolling pack of players, and an out
spoken rebuke of a young nobleman for
coming drunk into the theater.
From first to last Steele was responsi
ble for the Tatler. and by far the greater
number of its papers are his work. Swift,
indeed, gave occasional aid. and the
names of one or two others are mention' d
as contributors. But to o,untf> Steelo's
own word.'-: "1 have only one gentleman,
who will be nameless, to thank for any
frequent jussistancf. * * * THis good Of
fice he performed with such force of
Genius. Humor. Wit and Learning that I
fared like a distressed Prinfe who calls in
a powerful Neighbor to his Aid. T was
undone by my Auxiliary: when I had on^<»
called him in. T could not subsist without
Dependence on him." The nameless gen
tleman was. of course. Steele's old friend.
Joseph Addison.
LOCAL MERCHANTS PURCHASE
A VERY VALUABLE PAINTING
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1900/
WAENEE'S B3HEDIES.
The Call's
Home Study Cyrcle
AMTTBEBTENTS.
OF OME 1 UNANIMOUS
OPINION! I PRAI E!
AND EVERYBODY SAYS
MR. JAAIES NEILL
Atvl sils lncoxnDB.ra.ble Company
The I Jest Seen Here in Years.
THIS AFTtRNOON at 2:15.
ONLY PERFORMANCE
"CAPTAIN £»\A/IF="T"."
Keserved Heats. 2.".c. T.Oe.
Tcr the Rrst of the Week lacladinc a Saturday
"CAPTAIN Li7tARBLAIR' f
Next BunflAT Night. Nat Goodwin's Biggest
Oreedy Triumph, "A GIL.PED FOOL."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
FAREWELITcONCERT.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. April 27fh. at I lli
REMEMBER THE HOUR.
PETSCHNIKOFF,
1 -p }\..h of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
Th» Toons Siegfried of the Piano.
LACHAUME,
1 '¦-tir.srjit-hed Composer and Pianist.
A MOST REMARKABLE PROGRAMME.
Reserved S*a;s=. BOe. K. W 68. NOW ON SALE
at lbc Box Offlce.
__ I
AHIAWIZ? "YOU BET I AH! I
KEOOrCD WEEK OF THE ENORMOUS SUC- !
OE.SS,
The Superb Omic Opera,
The Wizard I
of the Nile. \
Evening* at 8. Matinee. Saturday, at 2.
POPULAR PRICE?. 23c and 50c
Telephone Bush S.
FINAL WEEK.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
In C cjunctlon v.jth OKPHEUM STARS.
digby bell: bae &• brosche: mixk.
pboto: mjudhed stoller; marzel- :
la: glttanos; falk; .semon; bell-;
han: moore; duncan.
P.csfrv^i peats. C"i ¦: baV'my, J r> c; npera •
rbaira arid r>ox s*su«, y^.
Matinee* WX!ne»<S«y, Saturday atvl Sunday.
/ 2 3
MON. TUES. WED.
k THREE 810 HOUSES ALREADY.
And a Rush fQT Peats In o n .
Every Nijh* Inchi'lin* Sunday.
Th«s>e Funny FeltoWß,
WARD and YOKES,:
4"-prr>PLE-4o
In th«> Mowlcal Far-,
THE FLOOR WALKERS.
Matinee Patiirday Be. We, J3c !
' ¦<••:!•:• PrW« 2?><~. TV. T.iV-. 7%<- and Jl i
S.*!* N..-.v S'lUnr for NEXT WEEK.
-riT-f HEATRE *\>
LAST FOCB NIGHTS.
MATKCEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY".
PEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
J I'TUni^QUE PRODUCTION.
"SUE!"
PRICES— !Sc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
§ FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
i; 2-124 OTAHRKLL STREET.
E A. FISCHER Proi». : CEO. MOOSER. Mgr.
THE HAKD3OMEET KUS.'C HALL IN AMERICA!
...WEEK OF APRIL 23...
Entire Change of Programme!
LA TRAVIATA
(CAMILLE)
GREAT LOMBARD! OPERA QUARTETTE.
BIO9OS BADARACCO SIBNOHA BAEDUCCI
SIGNOSINAPOLLETrm BIQSOKINA POSHEBI
EESOB VAE3AS B2GHOEINA SALVIKI
AND
MISS LtLLIAN SIIT^nV/ )f)D.
AUGUST HINRICHS 1 KUPERD ORCHESTRA.
A OMISSION. 10 CENTS.
CENTRAL_PARK SlSSffl.
LAST WEEK
GENTRY'S WORLDS GREATEST
TRAINED ANIMAL SHOW!
or.rt - WONDKItFULLY TRAINED - OQf)
"""-AND EDUCATED ANIMALS — ouu
* * Must Int<reaUns ami Refined Entertainment.
"L 'l'«rforn»aiK*» 3 o'cinck afternoon. ?:30 at night.
A DMISJ:IOX— Children 10c. Adults Zic
I lf\| Mayday outfits I
I | \ for fflen === . I
p3 lli Outing shirts Yachting caps |a
m U \ \ White vests Golf caps R
|| \ i Belts ' Duck trousers • M
§?{ MEN'S WHITE VESTS— Either plain white or figured, single or double E|
fc3 breasted, with or without collars, stripes, checks and dots. N
|| Plain white $1.00 W
Pi Figured $125 |8
.M Fancy figured $1.50 Cfl
pj MEN"? DUCK PANTS— SweII for summer and picnic outfits; i>ur« Ej
Pi For men 75c, $1.00 and $1.50 each gj
fe? For youths 75c *ach &|
H SUMMER NECKWEAR— Puffs and Ascots of Madras: washable; a Rj
M flyer 8 l-3c each j3|
fjH MEN'S GOLF SHlRTS— Stripes rredomlnate; some new colorings in ||
rj| standard makes w!
f?3 Percale, with cuffs «5c each nj
13 Silk front; swell ;.. 95c each M
K9 GOLF TlES— English square* or handkerchief ties; the proper tie to US
iTM ' »' -' wear without a vest; all new; very wide ends., *srt ertch M
yi Leather Belts 25c and 50c each M
f'l White Yachting Caps 45c each jy
jra White Felt Crush Hats 90c and {1.35 each m
pi - Cape Nome Outfitters. O
A.J.PEtA6ER&iOIii '-
18571 857- 859 Market Sisssss-
¦
7Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
;:.:.; Atchlnon rrefd en*, 1
S 117 Jialtimore & Ohio B%» I
Canadian Pacific »;^
Canadian Southern 5<S •
3 .20 Chesapeake & Ohio ar-% \
100 CliiMico Great WVstern ll\ I
11.57« Chicago Bur & Quir.cy 125%
C7'J C hici-KO InfJ & Louis 26
Chiragrt Ir.d A l*ou:fc prefd t7%
f'hlcuEo & Kart Illinois 100
""270 Ch'cago & Northwestern lei'i
i &».u Chicago Hock Island A- Pao IOSH
10t2 C C C & St Louis O T 4
Colorado Southern •¦ <j%
tOO Colorado Southern l*t prefd 42
. ... Colorado Southern 2d prefd IC%
482 Delaware & Hudson •••;•••; ]ij£
100 Delaware Lack & wes.ern i.s%
1.C12 Deriver & Rio Grande...... m»
412 Denver & Rio Grande prefd .0%
On the morning 1 session of the Bond Ex
change Hutchinson was lower at $21 73@24 50,
and Gn« and Electric at ?1S I5<Jj4$. Business
continued dull.
¦ In the afternoon Spring Valley Water de
clined to $93 50. Paauhau advanced to $32 and
Giant Powder to $S1 75.
The oil stocks continued quiet, with an ad
vancing tendency in Home Oil.
Oceanic Steamship will pay a dividend of
CO cents on the Ist. Transfer books closed yes
terday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April 25-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. 3 SU
4s quar c0up..H4V«114% Mutual El v. — lv,
4s do reg 114V;i14y4 O G L& H .. 4fi —
4s do cd new.. 133 — Pac Gas Imp.. 4714 4314
3s do COUP — 110 l i fxr- J, i'o — 4.s'
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 47* i 45«4
Cal-st Cab 55..11S 120 San t rancisco. 4U 4-7,
C C Water 55.. 107 — Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Ed L & P 65.. 130 — Insurance —
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — Firem's Fund.226 —
Geary-st R ss. — 92V4 Bank Stocks—
II C A S 5%5. — — Ana-10-Cal Ltd <U«.i —
Do 5a 105H — Bank of Ca1. ..405 —
L A Ry 5s 104>£104»^ Cal S D & T.. — 106
LAL Co 65... — — Kirat .National — zw
Do gntd 65... — — Lon P& A 132% —
Do gntd 65... 9S 100V4 Merchants' Ex 13
LA& P R 55. 102% — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Market-Rt «5..12« i; — Savings Banks-
Do Ist m 65. .11714117H Ger S & L..1550 —
NCN G R 75. 11 l — Hum S & L. — —
NH of Cal «s.tl»U — Mut Say Bk 4."> Vi —
NP of Cal 6s. 115?* — S F Say U.. 512V4 —
NPC R R 65.104 V* — Say A L So. 74 78
N PC R R55.107V4 — Sec Say Bk. — —
N Cal R R 55. 113 114V4, Union T Co. — —
Oak O L&HSS.IO9U — Street Railroads-
Oak Trans 65.. 114% -- California ....12m —
Oak W Co 55.. — 105% Oeary-*t so "•—
Oceanic S C 0. .106% — Market -st Ry. 62 T i 63* i
Om C Rv 6*. .123 — o s L & H... — m'
P& Cl Ry 65. 104% — Presidio 18 —
P&ORK6S.— -" Powder Stocks—
Powe!l-st R 6«.117 — Cnllfr.rr.ta ISO ie;
Sac L & OR5s. 90 — Giant Con Co. 81V4 82U
SF & SJV 55. 117 — Vigorlt 3 s2
S Ry of C»l 6s.lll>J — Svga- Storks—
S P of A 65.... — 114% Hana S P Co.. 8% 9
Do (1905) ....10» 110 Haw <: & S o- o S> , «->i
Do (1906) ....111%113 Honokaa S Co. 31T4 32%
Do (1312) ....113 120% Hutch S P Co. 24% 24%
Do Ist eg 6s. — — Kilauea S Co.. 21>i 21M
S P Br 6r 127^123% Makawell S Co 4s' 4v
S V Water 65..114V^ _ Onomea S Co.. 2S 28%
Do 4s 103% — Paauhau S Co. 31 31' i
SV W (3d m). 102 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65.. 99 — Al Pack Assn. 118 118%
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit A5n.105%106!i
Contra Costa.. 64 65 Mer Ex As«n.. — )i«.
Martn Pmintyv — — Oceanic S Co.. — 35
Spring Valley. 93*.; 94 Pac AF A 2 —
Gas & Electric — Pac C Bor C 0.150. 150 —
Cent O L Co.. — — 1 Par Paint Co. 10 —
Cent L & P... 3\ —
Mornlnz Session.
Board—
10 Hutchinson S P Co 24 75
150 Hutchinson S P Co 24 50
40 Kilauea Sugar P Co 21 SO
150 Paauhau S P Co 31 371?
20 S F Gas & Electric Co '. 4$ 2.
174 S F Gas & Electric Co 0>)
Street— ¦ •
$5000 Northern California Railway Es 113 00
$2000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 107 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con 8150
15 Giant .Powder Con gi --,
15 Honokaa S P Co 32 VK
10 Honokaa S P Co 32 00
140 Hutchinson S P 'Co.. 24 50
115 Hutchinson S P Co 2j 6'v;
200 Hutchinson S P Co, g 10 24 50
CHICAGO, April 25.— Wheat began the day
fairly active and firm. Liverpool was strong,
receipts were moderate and there was a good
demand from foreigners. Moreover the pres
sure from longs seemed to be past. Offerings
were light and there was a tair amount of
buying by commission houses. This caused
a gradual advance which was helped along
forcefully by the great corn strength and the
close was very close to the top. Shorts covered
freely throughout most of the session. May
opened hiQ\c over yesterday at 65^@65%c
sold between CSH'SSGVio, closing %c improved at
C6c: July opened up at 67 I / i«'s67'ic, ranged
from 67»,ic to 6'%c and closed lc higher at
Corn was strong and active throughout the
day, but the trade was not large. Offerings
were too small. For such as was offered there
was a scramble between longs and shorts with
the latter the more urgent in their demands
There was a brisk demand for export. May
closed 14c improved at 39*ic; July, 1% C im
proved at 40% c.
Oats were firm, helped by corn and wheat,
and closed ',4c over yesterday at 23Hc - July
He up at 23 ! Hi©23»ic.
The corn strength was the principal factor
in the firmness which was displayed In the
provision market. The depression was over
come by the corn strength, shorts covering
July pork closed lV&c over yesterday; July
lard closed 15c Improved and July ribs 7^4c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows":
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat, eS^iQSiMc; Ho. 2 red. 69
@70Vic; No. 2 corn. 39% c: No. 2 oats, 24' / i«B24 : «ic;
No. 2 white. 27<g2S%c; No. 3 white, 26H®27»^c;
No. 2 rye. 54c; No. 2 barley. 41®44c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 73; prime timothy reed, $2 35; mess
pork, per barrel, $11 75yi2 80; lard, per 100
pounds, $7 C3@7 20: short ribs sides, (loose),
$6 90<!»7 15; dry. salted shoulders (boxed), C-%®
7c: short clear sides (boxe,d). $7 40(37 50; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 25V4;
sugars, cut loaf, 6.00 c; granulated, 5.44 c.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 27,000 24.000
Wheat, bushels 47,000 19.0C0
Corn, bushels 194,000 362,000
Oats, bushels 230,000 247,000
Rye, bushels 6,000 4,000
Barley, bushels 19,000 12,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery. 13H®17V4c; dairy.
I2V4@l5Hc. Eggs, firm; fresh, lt>%c. Cheese,
firm. 10^?12c.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — X* 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — * S3 Vt
Sterling Cables — * 90 J*
New York Exchange, sight — I<V»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — , »pi
Mexican Dollars 45,4 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Clan Galbralth takes for Cork
75.504 ctls. valued at $73,909; Inveresk, for Cork,
13.507 ctls at $13,844.
I'aris advaced and Liverpool was also firmer.
Chicago was stronger in sympathy with the
foreign situation. Offerings were moderate and
the crowd was oversold. Later on the market
became excited and more active, with the lead
ers buying. Corn was strong on bullish Interior
advices and small country stocks.
The local market was higher, both on and off
call
Spot Wheat— Shipping, S*<3o6V t c; milling.
97^c(@$l. 2 : X'^i
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Seeelon— 9:ls o'clock— December—
ICOOO ctls. $1 01; 24,000, |1 044; 14.U00, U 04' i;
SuCO. $1 04* i.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 04;
.8000, Jl 03 7 *; May— SOCO, 94Hc
Regular" Morning Session— December— lo,ooo
ctls. $1 04Vi; 16,000, $104; May— 2ooo, 94>ic
Afternoon Session— December— lo,ooo ctls,
$1 04; 2000. $1 04H.
BARLEY— The Inveresk takes for Cork SS.OSO
ctl!>. valued at $37,559.
The market continues dull and unchanged. •
Feed, 72Va©75c for No. 1 and 67H®70c lor off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 77H@
SSc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales,
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Government orders for 3000 tons for
Manila have strengthened the market and
cleaned un considerable stock. The market is
consequently nrmer and more active, though
prices show no advance.
White. $1 lOlffl 30; Red. 95c©$l 17^1 Gray,
$1 07VMH 15: Black, Jl<Sl 05.
CORN— Dealers report a firmer market than
for some time. Eastern White Is quoted at
$1 02V&&1 07H per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 15
(gl 20 per ctl: mixed. $1 12>/s@l 15 per ctl.
RYE— SaigS'Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6033 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington. J2 25(5 J per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS-rPric.es in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal.' $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25(3'3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4514 23; Cracked Wheat. S3 25,
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6®7 25; in sacks, $5 75(g7; Pearl
Barley, !5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran has again declined and is weak. Mid
dlings are unchanged. There is nothing new
in Hay.
URAN— SI2(SI3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— II762O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mIK. J26@27; Jobbing,
$'7 50025; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$23; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed, Jl5 SO;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. *7©9 for common to good; jy 50
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
$6 3059; Oat, $668; Barley. $5g7; Alfalfa, $6@
7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds,
Previous quotations rule, with a dull market.
BEANS— Bayos. $3©3 25; small White. {3 25@
3 50; large White." $3 20@3 25; Pink, $2 25@2 90;
Red, £J@3 JO; Blackeye. J4 50; Butters, nomi
nal: Lima, *5 25; Pea, »3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys,
$3 f,CS 4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%®4?ic; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary,
3V4c per lb for California and -4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 90'lOc; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4s4c;
Timothy, 4©4Vic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2 23; Green, Jl 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are somewhat lower again. Potatoes
are unchanged. Peas are in heavy receipt and
weaker.
Receipts were 734 boxes Asparagus, 512 boxes
Rhubarb, 1130 sacks Peas and 634 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 40@70c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 6(Kj9oc; New Potatoes, lSli;c.
ONIONS— New Red. $1 50@2; Australian are
about cleared out.
VEGETABLES-Rhubarb. 35c@»l per box-
Asparagus, 76c® $1 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 60if2 for No. 1 and $2 25 for fancy large;
Green Peas, 75c«?$l per' sack for common and
for Garden; String Beans. s@Bc for Los
Angeles and Bff7loc for Vacavllle; Horse Beans
75c per sack; Cabbage, 40©50 c; Tomatoes, Ji@
2; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 10c; Dried
Okra, 32^*c per lb; Garlic, 3c; Green Peppers
from Lob Angele?, 10@20c; Dried Peppers, 8®
10c; Carrots, 23!f?35c per sack; Lob Angeles
Summer Squash. $1 25@1 50 per box; Cucumbers,
35c® $1 per dozen; Marrowfat Squash, $40 per
ton.
Poultry and Game.
Thus far this week only one car of Eastern
has been marketed, something unusual. Re
ceipts of local poultry are light, and the mar
ket continues firm under these favorable con
ditions.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, ll®l2c for Gob
blers and WijUc for Hens; Geese, per pair, 1
$1 75@2; Goslings. $2 25£T2 50; Ducks, $4 s<Ktfs 50
for old and |6©7 for young; Hens. Jt 5005 50;
Young Roosters, $6 EO-37: Old Roosters. $4 25JJ
4 M; Fryers. J5 50®6; Broilers, $4tfs for large
and $2 £o#3 50 for small: Pigeons. $1 75@2 per
dozen for old hnd Jl 75©2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
There is no further change in any description.
Supplies of Butter, Cheese and Ecgs are ample
for all current needs, and the demand is noth
ing extra.
MUTTER— *
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 16
©16% c.
Dairy— Fnncy, 16c; good to choice. 14^4®15 1 ,4 c;
common. He.
CHEESE— New, 7H*BBe: Young America. 8®
EHc: Eastern, 16©17 c: Western. 15-iHfic per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14«J15c for store and 15©
17c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Cherries and Strawberries were off again.
Xevc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, April 21.— The stock market
was in large part confined to Sugar to-day.
th# feverish and violent fluctuations in which
kept affairs so unsettled that the operators
hesitated to make, ventures and the volume of
dealings fell to small proportions. There was
no actual news development to account for
Sugar's erratic course, though the boardroom
was flooded with rumors all day of a settle
ment of the trade war absorption of rival
refineries, etc. It ran pretty evident that
these were set afloat bj the manipulators
for a rise, which was directed against the
short interest reputed to be largely concen
trated in Boston. The etock coM at< low as
VA in the morning on supposed indications of
frerh rigor in the trade war and in the alter
noon Jt got up to Hit,. It closed at a net
SKin of IH. The general market sold off
after the opening in fyir.pathy with the break
in Sugar, which effectually dominated the
tone of the market all day. When Sugar re
buunded the room-tndcra all turned to the
bull vde and kept price* up en a small vol
ume at deailas*. There were movements In
rpfcial Etock* designed to help on an ndvanc*.
notably in Missouri Pacific. Pennsylvania.
Ws;l<aFh preferred and the grangers, but it was
noticeable that the buying showed a remark
able fulling off on liny advance. Many buy
ing orders came in on th«? «-arly decline, but
later in the day the market became duil. The
apathy ul trade caused realliin*: by *ie room
traders and a late reaction which wiped out
many of the gains. .The cloring was easy
ami the net result* for the day wore much
mixed. The introduction in Congress of a
resolution for a committee to investigate the
eteel and wire , «-piS'»de and the New York
f-tfick Exchange may have had fome influence
in the late reaction. The 'announcement of a
•mall eiißagen.ent of sold v, T Europe had lit
tle Influence. The amount. 1250.000, is believed
to be destined for Paris. The sterling ex
change rate was eaMer, failing %c. This !
leave* the q-jehtinn at further gold exports
more doubtful again. The lack of a fast !
*l<-»ni<r :hi* week is offered by • .me bankers
af a rmt-'.zi for retraining from (-hipping gold !
during the period. Discounts in London were |
eiifehtiy easier to-,lay. but money In New York
a!»o showed further relaxation, loans for sixty !
to ninety days being .yuoted at 3 i>er cent and !
four to fix months at 3^s per cent en mixed ,
r- .';.-=•• •:•.!. The gain by the gains from the I
rub-tree«jr}' Kln~e la*t Friday already amount ;
to over $2.ooo.<i<to. But the sub-trtasury debit !
balance «t the cifanng-h.ou*« fell to-day be- \
low a million dollars for the first time In i
reveral weeks except when seme rpecial opera- |
Uon intervened. T!:e d!sbur«>m<"n!H on ac- '
count of Government bond premiums from the !
«üb-treaFury are in fact declining and this j
nouroe of rep'.er.ifhrr.ent to the money market 1
is likely to h<- <¦!( eed wr,. A fharp fall in |
New York *¦* hante at Chicago wan also an :
incident of the day.
The Iwnd n:srk«-t was rather qu'.et. Tot»l
eal«. par value. Ji.tsn.OOO.
United States is <i.x lined \ in the bid price.
Chicago Grain Market.
• ARRIVED.
Wednesday. April 25.
Stmr Australia, lawless, 7 days 3 hours from
Honolulu.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, £4 hours from San
Die^o and way ports.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 12 hours from
Fort Bra-re.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. 4Vi days from Oyster
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson. 90 hours from
; Bark' Albert Griffiths, 13H days from Hono-
I Bktn Tarn of Shanter. Patterson. 3 days from
Wlllaja Harbor.
Schr .Mary Etta. Anderson, 13 tours from
i Bowens Landing.
CLEARED
Wednesday. April 23.
Stmr tTiratlHa. Cousins. Victoria, etc; Gooi
all Perkins & Co.
Ptmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka: Qm Nelson.
Stmr Francia Cuttintr. Walker. Kodiak;
Hume Bro9 & Hume.
Br stmr WartleU. Pettie. Chemalnus; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. Ilonffkor.g.
etc: W H Avery. _,
Schr Una. Harklns. Cave Nome; Tnomas
Schr JG Wall. Cjornstrom, Cape Nome; Cfcaa
Nelson.
SAILED.
Wednesday. April 23.
Stmr Cocs Bay. Fhea, Pan Pedro.
Ptmr Cleone. lladsen. Casjar.
Ptmr South Ccast. OI?en, .
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Allen. Hongkong, etc.
Hark Germanla. Rasmus-en, Seattle.
Br bark Inveresk. Huehes. Queenstown.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Skipper. Stewarts
Point. ,
Schr Aloha. Fry. Honolulu.
Schr Dora Bluhm. Smith. KahuiUl. ¦
Schr Seven Sisters. Nysrran. Cape Nome.
RETURNED.
Wednesday, ADril 23.
Schr Reliance. Anfindsen. hence April 22. for
Iversens Landing, returned on account ©I^,
strong NW sale. r
Schr Eonita. Genereaux. hence April s. re*
Cape Nome, on account of excessive NW ga.es.
CORRECTION.
In clearances of yesterday the captain's name
of th* schr Lulsa D should read Dtcksoa and
not Green. TELEGRApma
POINT LOBOS. April 23, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 44 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Bonlta— Have been hove to since
Aoril 13. Carried away foregafT, foresail,
outer Jib and bobstay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LORING— Arrived April 13— Ship Slntrain.
hence April 4.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aoril 23— Schr Spokane,
from Port Gamble: schr C S Holmes, from Port
Blakeley: Br bark Battle Abbey, from Fal
mouth. April 24 — Stmr Ruth, from Skaguay;
Br stmr Athenian, from Manila.
«alled ADril 25 — Ja» stmr RloJun Maru. for
Japan. April 24— Schr P J Abler, for Cap*
Nome; bark Northern Light, for Cape Nome.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Acrll 23— Strr.r Rival.
for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed April 25 — Stmr Wm
II Kruger. from Tillamook. for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 25— Schr
Novelty, for Port Elakeley; bktn Quickstep, for
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 23— Stmr Pasa
dena," from Eureka; stmr Sequoia, from Re-
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 23—
Stmr Mineola. from Nanr»lmo.
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed April 23— Schr Queen,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aorll 24— Stmr Samoa,
hence April 23. April 23— Stmr Pomona. henc»
A AST6RIA-Arrived Aorll 23— Br strar Brae
mar, from Victoria: stmr State of California.
BOWESS "LANDING— Sailed April 25— Stmr
Navarre, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived rrtcr to Aorl! 20—
Ship W H Macy. from Hastings Mill.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 25— Br
stmr Gaelic, hence March 23; Er stmr St Irene.
MsSlKrjSrti 23-Br stor Emoress of India.
f0 SYrj a NE°V-Sa!!ed April 24-Br stmr Aorar.gl.
Arrll 24-Ger .tar Oc-
ta H 1 ONOLt:L a u-A"r«d C Aoril 11-Br stmr Mlo
weri" from Svlney: schr Compeer, from Port
Tud?Aw schr Eclip*». April 12-Bktn Nrwsboy.
from Tacoma Ar-ril B-Br Itmr Port Steph
en" fror^ Seattle, via Hllo: Ger bark J C-
Pfii-fr from Urirporfi bktn Kl!kitat. frcm
Port"GAmble: bktn W II TMmond. herice March
.. AT , r n \t— Br stmr Warrimoo. from \ lc
to'r'i- "stmr China, hence April 7: schr Robert
°;«'., , hence March «. April 15-Shio A O
R-iwV'h-nce March 23: ship Charmer, from
Tacoma. "April 16-H.iw ship Fort George hne
March :s. Arrll 17— Bark Sonoma, from New-
CB Cn!Vd A Aprll tl-V S strar Grant, for Manila;
Ttr «tnr M!->w»ra. for Vancouver. Aorll 13—
5-hr \Hpii A for Eureka. April 14-Schr Bert!«
Minor 'for Eureka. April 15-Br stmr Warrl
rnoo for Sydney: Br stmr Port Stephens, for
Minna- strnr China, for Yokohama. April 18—
Rark Paetolus. for New York.
nxN'AMAULA-To sail Asrll 17-Stmr Chas
V.iqrn for San Francisco.
X VHULUr-Arrtved April 2-Shlr EmlTr P
Whitney from Manila: brl;r Lurllne-. hence
T.-irch IS. AprlT B— Bark Haydn Brown, from
Newcastle. NSW. April 7— Stmr Centennial.
hpnee March 2S.
Palled April *— T.r shin Antlqne. for San
Frar.ct«C't. Arrll * — Hnw bark Nunarrn, for
PbltedelpMa. April 13 — Schr Mary Buhne. far
M\K!'KON*A- Arrived April 9— Pchr Viking.
fr'^m H.ma: hris Consuelo. hence March 22.
Sailed Ar>rll 12— Schr Viking, for San Fran
cisco, via liana.
Ifir.o— In port April 13— Haw bark lolanf.
ship John McDonald, ship Henry Vlllard. iichr
Robert R Hind, Haw bark Roderick Dhu. bark
Amy Turner.
Pa*lle<l 14— Phi? John McDonald, for
D^'aw<»r» Breakwater.
To sail April 13— Hnw bark lolani. for Ssn
Francisco: sfmr Cl-veland. for San Francisco.
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
NFW TORK-Satle.l April 23— Stmr St Paul.
for Southampton; star Teutonic, for Liver
pool' stmr Kensington, for Antwerp
HONGKONG— Arrived r.rln r to Arrll 23— Stmr
r-ne]!<\ from San Francis™, via Honolulu an.l
Yokohama; stmr Irene, from Portland, via
Yokch^ma.
GIRRALTAR— Arrived Arril 25— Stmr Wer
ran°v. from New Ynrk. for Nanle*
BBVUOGKK— Arrived Arrll ?r,-Stmr Maas-
Anm from N>w York, 'nr Rotterdam
SYDNEY- Sal!«» April 2^-Stmr Aoransl. for
Vancouver.
POT'TUAMPTOX — Arrlred AnHl 23 — Stmr
T.nhn. frcm New York, via r-herbour? for
Bremen: stmr New York, from New Vn r tc
Sailed April 2"— Stmr Ka!s»r WllhHm rt*r
C.rr.!.-e. rrcm Bremen, for New York, via
f her nr>iTr3. '-*¦.'» r
CHFRBOI-RG— Arrived April 2"-Stmr Penn
sviv»nl3. frcm New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamni'r^.
Failed Arrll K— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm <J»r4
J" 1"',1 "', 'rora Bremen. Tia Southamoton. fot»
Nsw Tcrlt.
Erie 13»i
1.050 Erie Ist prefj 39 1 *
212 Great Northern prefd 157 1 ?
ICO HfK-klng Coal lo'i
3SO Hacking Valley 39
100 lliir^is Central 114%
COO lowa Central 17',i
110 lowa Central prefd 62
Kansas City I'itts & Gulf IS
100 Lake Erie & Western 31? 4
Lake Erie & Western prefd 95
Lake Share 205
f..770 Louisville & Nashville Sl?»
6.4'.<0 Manhattan I- Hi
1.425 Metropolitan St Ry ir.?';
I.7ii) Mexican Central 13 l >.
l<o Minn & Ft I*.u!s 03>-i
Minn & St Iyouis prefd 95
25.7:0 , >'.i«souri Pacific SC-\
I Mobile & Ohio 44
I Missouri Kan & Texas 1U;
3,7' Xi Mif.--r.uri Kan *i Texas prefd 33*4
FOO New Jersey Central lia
7.r>o New York Central 13l'i
6,712 Norfolk <fc Western 37 7 8
Norfolk & Western prefd 7S I ;
10.2'/> Northern Pacifis 5S
1,440 Northern Pacifis prefd 75*»
COO Ontario & Western 23S
Oregon Ry'i Nay 42
Oregon Ry Jt Nay prefd 74
22. 4"" Pennsylvania U69&
1.408 Reading 19
14.7.V' Reading Ist prefd f.9»»
2.1"0 Reading 2d prefd S>)V»
Rio Grande Western 50
M 0 Rio Grande Western prefd S2
£¦75 St Louis & Pan Francisco .. 10H
113 St Louts & San Fran Ist prefd CS'j
St Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd 35'»
1.200 t-'t Louis Southwestern l" v*u *
2.2.*.') St Übuis Southwestern prefd 30*»
14.420 St Paul 1194
St Paul ;ref,l 173
I St Paul tt Omaha 119
I 25.L90 Southern Pacific 26H
2.l<X> Southern Railway 13S
LfJO Southern Hallway prefd 57*»
6.K10 Texas A Pacific 15S
13.720 I'nion Pacific .'. f.6\*
2.6-"'O Unicn Pacific prefd 7M,
7.025 Wabash SH
10.5 i«) Wabash prefd 22S
311 Wheeling A Lake Erie lo«- 4
I. l'>J W & L E 2i prefd 23
Wisconsin Central li 1,;
Express Companies—
Adams 120
American 146
United States 4S
WVIIF-Fp.rgo ]24 j
Miscellaneous —
230 American Cotton Oil :.*»4
American Cotton Oil prefd 96.4 I
American Malting 4
American Malting prefd 21
L4V> American Smelting & Refng 3«
100 Americcn Smelting & Refng prefd.. i%\ i
American Spirits : 2'i
American Spirits prefd 17
£25 American Pteel Hoop 274
l'V> American Fteel Hoop prefd 74 s !
12.7& i) American Steel & Wire 41"»
3.610 American Ptf-el & Wire prefd 79 i
420 American Tin Plate 2S'i
American Tin Plate prefd 77
S.SCO American Tobacco 103
American Tobacco prefd 13)
460 Anaconda Mining Co 4CU
1 17.&60 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74*
j 2.275 Colorado Fuel & Iron 41 J *
4.43S Continental Tobacco 2S 7 *
£10 Continental Tobacco prefd h*\
S.43<> Federal Fteel Cl 4
C2O Federal Steel jrefd 7i) 1
£50 General Electric 1363* '
Glucose Sugar 4S<i j
Glucose Puear prefd Hi j
230 International Paper "\\ 1
110 International Paper prefd ?A l ± '
!hi Laclede Gas 71 |
National Biscuit «... 324 j
National Biscuit prefd 84\
400 National Lead 22H
230 National Lc-ad prefd IH\
l.S<3't National Fteel XSV4 |
700 National Steel prefd $0
New Ynrk Air Brake 125
•300 North American 14*4
Pacific Coast 51 v i !
Pacific Coast Ist prefd ?2 I
Pacific Coast Id prefd 61 !
.V.O Pacific Mall Tl j
lO.Jfca IVople's Gas 103 s {
Pre«secl Ft»M>l Car 4S "
Pressed Steel Car prefd SI
641 Pullman Palace Car ISS I
Standard Rope & Twine 6 !
20 .675 Pupar 101"4 j
Sugar prefd Ill'
1.410 Tennessee Coal & Iron ?Z% '
1,473 United States Leather 11 j
606 t,"nit|-l Ptates Leather prefd 7">s t !
t4O United States Rut.tx-r 33
110 T.'nit^ Statf-s Rubber prefd «i 7 1
«45 Western Union SIU i
1,420 Republic Iron A Steel Co IS»4 |
2W Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd CO
P C C & St Louis 6«
1.140 Third Avenue 103
5C?,7'» Shares sold.
CLC'SING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. ill X & T 2ds 63*4
when issued 102HJM X A- T 4» 93V t
! V S 2.« reg 99 VN V Ontral 15t5...H0%
U S 2s reg ICS» 4 x J Cent cen 05...123
U S 3s coup l') 9i 2 N Carolina 6s 127V4
U S new 4s reg 133 jN <"arollna 4s K>6
U S new 4s coup..l3i X Pacific 3s 6S
I." S old 4s reg 114 Ji Pacific 4s 154
TT S old 4s c0up. ...114 N V C & S L 45.. 1^14
DS 5s reg 112 N & W con 4s 97% '
i; Slt coup 11314 } Nt: W een Cs 134
I Dts of Col 3.6j5....121'^ Or Nay lFts ICS
i Atchlscn cen 45..1W,e, Or Nay 4s 103%
I Atchison adj 4s '3\ Or Short Line 65.. 128
! Canada So 2ds 107 1 * Or 8 L con 6s 114 li '
< Ches & Ohio 4/55.. Vi Gen 45.... gS%
I Ches & Ohio 5s 120»£ RG W lsts 93
i <: & NWcon 75.... 141 |S L & I M con 55. 110
I C & NWSFdeb 55.127 |S L & S F gen 65.123
¦ Chgo Terminal 4?.. re St Paul consols 1724
I D & R G lsts 104*4 -S P C & P 15t5....H9V4
i D & R G 4s !'V, S P C & P ts 120H I
t E T Va&Ga lsts.,lo; 1 -, So Railway 5s UZ\ '<
I Erie Oer.Ta! 45.... 73' i Stand R & T Cs 7P4 !
F.W.A DC lsts... 71 ;Tenn new set 35... 95>i I
General Elec 5s 12O'i,Tex Hi Pr.c lsts 115 I
1 G H&S A 6s 107 :Tex & Pac 2ds 60 !
GII& S A 2ds 11l Union Pacific 45...10j»,; ]
FC & T C 5s HlHiWabash lsts 11SV4 I
II & T C con <>«... 110 ; Wabash 2ds 101 •£ i
lowa Central 15t5. .1134 West Shore 4s 113%
X C P & G iFts.... 73^4 1 WU Cent lsts 91?»
I* new cons 4s 10S% Va Centuries $iv
L ft N Uni 4s IW'ilVa deferred 5'
So Pacific 4s S3 Colo & So 4s 84
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 2C|Ontario 8 25
Crown Point 12 Ophir 53
Con Cal & Va 140 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 6C Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry IS Quicksilver prefd... 7 60
Hale & Norcross... 23 Sierra Nevada 36 |
Hamestake 50 00 (Standard 3 70 '
Iron Silver CS (Union Con 20 I
Mexican 17 1 Yellow Jacket 13 !
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Union Pacific E6H
Call loans 3V4'54 1 /4 Union Land 2
Time leans 4 ©5 West End 93
Stocks— Wls Central 16Vi
A T & S F 23»i Bonds—
A T & R F prefd.. 69H Atchison 4s 100
American Sugar.. . 112V4 ,N E Gas&Coke ss. 68
Am Sugar prefd — HI Mining Shares —
B<"11 Telephone 335 Adventure 4U,
Boston & Albany.. J44 Allouez Mln Co 1%
BOBtOB Elevated ..144'/4j Amalg. Copper 91U
Bo«ton ft Maine. ..lS3 Atlr.ntlc 25
Chgo, Bur & Q....12.*.H' 805t0n & Mont.. ..SOT
Dominion Coal .... 43 JButte & Boston.. . 71
Doni <v,al prefd. ...llfi Calumet & Hec1a..747
Federal .Steel 42V4 'Centennial 13
Fed Steel prefd 70V ; Franklin 15
Fit<~hburg prefd. ..l3l .Humholdt 70 I
General Electric. ..l36'-; ;o*ceola 66
Gen Electric prefd. 13S ! Parrot 44
Ed E'.ec 111 SO5 iQulncy 13s
Mexican Central... I$H Santa Fe Copper... 5
N X Gas & Coke.. T* l^ Tamarack us
Old Colony 207V4 Utah Mining 23U
Old Dominion — 19>* Wtnona s^
Rubber 43Vi Wolverines 40
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 25.— To-day's state
ment cf the treasury balances In the general '
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold res?rve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance. $144,727,474; gold. $81,044,635.
Nay York Money Market.
NEW TORK. April 25.— Money on call steady
at 2\iC2% per cent; last loan. 2% per cent.
Prlrae mercantile paper, 4@*s per cent. Sterling
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John Judee to Kate Judge (wire), lot on s
line of Turk street, 181:3 W of Stelner. W 25
by S 137:6; also lot on NE corner of Turk and
B'roderlck streets. E 23 by N 137:6; also lot
on S line o? States street. 6C5 W of Castro.
W 4r>:l. S 150. E 49:4. N 150, block 13. Flint
Tract: gift. _
Emelie Lyons to Hugues. Harriet and Erne
Lyons lot on N line of Filbert street, 123 W
of Stelner. W 25 by N 137:6: gift.
Nellie G. Byrne to Francis J. and Marr A.
Griffin lot en S line of Pine street, 223 W of
Devisade.ro. W 23:3 by S 137:6; gift.
William D. snd James H. Sloane to Susan C.
Mucan. lot on W line of Bryant street, 100
N of Twenty-third. N 30 by W 1)0; $13.
City and County of San Francisco to Mar
garet Gallagher, l"t on SW corner of Twenty
second and Hampshire streets, W 30 by S luO;
George 11. and Julia M. Thornton to Female
Religious of the Order of St. Dominic (a cor
poration), lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street.
95 W of Guerrero. W 30 by S SO: $10.
James G., Mary A., Edmund 0., Clara J..
William H. and Florence t'eming to Joseph
McCarty. lot on S line of Clay street, 23 E
of Drumm. E 23 by S 39:6; $10.
Alice Harris to .Samuel and Johanna Johns,
lot 20. block P. Park Lane Tract. Map 4; $1.
Ira G. and Alma H. Leek to same, lot on NW
portion of lot 20, 25 by 76, block P, same tract,
reserving the right of way for sewer purposes
and strip off lot 1?; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Martin Keating (owner) with J. V. Camp
bell (contractor), architect same — All work for
a 3-story frame building (3 Rats) on lot on S
line of Hayes street. i;3:l'i E of Shrader. E
23 by S 137:6. Western Addition lot 6*:>: $<>3so.
Frederick Tillrrann Jr. (trustee of estate of
Claus Alangels. by E. L. Heuter. guardian to.
owner) with C. Sohutt (contractor), architect
J.T. Dunn— Brick • and carpenter work, con
crete, plastering and tinning, etc.. for altera
tions and additions to a 4-story and basement
building on lot on N lln» of Bush street. 60 E
of Jones, E 25:6 by N 137:6: also alterations to>
building known as Hotel Plymouth, adjoining
above lot: $13,995.
Same owner with William F. Dugan (con
tractor), architect samr — Hot water heating I
plant for same on same: $1258. j
Same owner with Frederick Schafer (con
tractor), architect same I—Painting1 — Painting and tinting
for same on same: SII2S.
Same owner with Schanz & Grundy fcon
tractors). architect same — Gasfltting. plumbing
and seweraee for same on same; $4333.
Malvina L. and Clara M. Wilson (owners)
with Thomas Butler (contractor). architect
Nathaniel Blaisdell— All work, except trimming,
hardware, electrical work, shades and gas fix
tures for a nne-story brick building on lot on I
SE line of Market street. 225 NE of Ninth NE !
25 by SE &0: $2637.
William G. Irwin (owner) with The McPhee
Company (a corporation) (contractors), archi
tects Reid Bros.— Stone work In connection
with terrace and retaining walls, coping, steps,
ballustrades for ground of residence in course
of erection on lot on NE corner of Washington
and Laguna street?. W A 19.".: $18,713.
George A. Kelley (owner) with Hannah Eros,
(contractors), architect Frank Holland — All
work for a two-story frame building on lot
on NW corner of Second avenue and Lake
street. 40 by 526: $340«.
Ferdinand Sand (owner) with O. A. Craemer
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer— All
work, except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for alterations to a frame building to make a
three-story frame (three flats) at 642 Jessie
street (NW line of Jessie street. 373 SW of
Seventh. SW 23 by NW 73); $4373.
Frank H. Woods (owner) with Cahill & Hall
Elevator Company (contractors), architect G.
W. Percy— One passenger elevator, machine,
etc.. and grill work for four-story and base
ment building on lot on N line of Geary street.
120 E of Grant avenue. E 3,". N 62:6, E 20, N
CO AY 40. S CO. W 13. S 62:6; $?210.
Charters.
The Chr.tor.for3 Is chartered for wheat to
Europe, 40*.
Treasure Shipment.
The IClppea Maru took out a treasure list
cf tULCSZ. consisting cf $C 4.*07 In Mexican dol
lars. tiZii in gold com. $1(.'3.!"X» in silver bullion
and JIOCO la nickels and dimes.
Foreign Imports
Fprelgn import* at this port during the first
three months of the year were J11.U2.7;.*.
tgainst $11,243,000 during the same tirr.e last
year, the leading sources being as follows:
From Japsn. tS.I27.CM; China. $2.535,900; Ha-
waiian Islands. tZ.U9.S6B: Central .America
J1,j;i,570; Great Britain, $015,170.
Imports of Grocci'ies.
Imports of i-taple groceries at this port dur
ing the first three months of the year are a?
Jollows. compared with the fame i>eriod in
ISS9: Of sugar, 56.f'&0.0'>0 pounds, valued at
J2.184.4W. against EQ.2BS.IOt pounds, at $2,529.>0;
t.f coffee, 1y.551.C33 pound?, at $1,167,100. against
5.490.§00 pounds, at SMS.4TS: of rice, 13,^1C.45.0
;>ounds at BIS.SOO. against 22.M3.f20 pounds, at
X 56.330; of tea, 361,1u0 pounds at $40.:^, aga'.ntt
1,247,500 pounds, at $140.^30.
Weather Report.
r:2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. A: ril p. m.
The following are the seascr.al rainfalls to
fiate. as ccm;iare<J wtih these cf same date last
peasor.. and rainfalls in list twenty-four hours:
Last This Lett
Stations— t4 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka f'«J 4T.&S 52.23
ited Biurr 0.00 a.n i*-^
bacraraecto O.W " :.-^- 1--*1
San Francisco COO IS.I'J 15. »1
Ftecao 6.C9 T.V3 6. .9
Independence t'- r ") 2.7S 1.11
San Luif *.»b;EiK) 0.00 15. W I^-63
U» ABcela 0 - c> ° 6t ' 4 4 - 8T
San IJitgo 0.00 3.f4 *.$*
Yuma 0.("i t».7? l.*»
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST
Sar. Frar.c:sco data: Mcxirrruni temperature,
£7; ir.ir.irnuni. 47; rr.ean. 52.
The rre«Fure has fallen rapidly over the M!s
ecuri \ alley, and alfo Bouthweetwari over the
Rocky Mountain region and into Utah.
An "area of high pressure is moving en the
Pacinc Coast ana will rrobably overlie Oregon
ar.ii Northern California Thursday morning.
Conditions are lavorable for ur.setti«?vl weath
er fcr the region between the Sierras and the
Rocky Mountains.
There has been a rapii fall in temperature
over Northwestern California, Nevada. Oregon
ana laaho. Throughout California the temper
atures are generally from six to eight degTfrs
below the normal.
A thunder storm is reported at Wlnnemucca.
"The foil, wing maximum wind velocities are
rei-orte.J: NeaJi. i 6 ratles per hour from the
w,-6t; Portland, 34 from the west: Eureka. 4u
Irom the north; Wir.nemucca. 36 from th? s 'Uth;
Independence. 22 from the west: Mount Tamai
jiais, M from the northwest; Point Reyes. 73
irom the northweet.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 26. 1&00:
Northern i.'allforr.ia— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Thursday, with showers along the Sierras,
and Teg along the coatt; brisk northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
«r Thursday, with showers in the mountains;
eo-jtbwest changing to brisk northerly wind.
Nevada.— Kain or showers Thursday; contin
ued cold weather.
Utah— Rain, possibly turning to enow Thurs
day, with a decided fall in temperature.
Arizona— Cloudy, colder Thursday.
Han Francisco an.i vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Thurp'l?y. with fog in the morn
ing; high northf-rly winds.
ALEXANDER G. M'ADIE.
Forecast Official.
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 2^
23 Paauhau S P Co 31 12V,
lfo S F Gas & Electric Co <S 00
100 Spring Valley AVater 93 50
$1000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mortgage) 104 W
Street— .
$1000 Spring Valley 6s ...114 73
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mominr Session.
Board—
ISO Barker Ranch 1 15
200 Home Oil. c 90 4 O)
si) Home Oil 4 OS
300 Yukon 1 13
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Hcme Oil 4 19
MINING STOCKS.
The following w«re the sales in th» San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
\ Morning Session.
300 Belcher 16j 750 Chollar tl
1000 Belcher 15 2CO Con Cal & V.i.l *>"»
100 Bullion n, 1W C.ovid & Curry. '.T
100 Caledonia 12^, 300 Potcsl 2j
100 Challenge IS' 100 Sierra Nevada. 41
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 13i JOO ChoHar —
100 Best & Bflcher. 13 1<» Goull & Oirry. J!
ZW Bullion •¦::; 100 Occidental t»
ICO Caledonia 1 '!'>. 2>W I'otosi »
The following were the sales In the Pacific j
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2CO Chollar 22 [ 2W Con New York. C 3
200 Chollar ..: 21i 300 Mexican -H
350 Con Cal & Va.l Bs| SCO Union Con •'* I
200 Con Cal & Va.l 32j
Afternoon Session.
EOO Alta W| 200 Con Cal & Va.l 12
200 Andes C 9! 60 Ophir »•>
200 Belcher 16 300 Overman .T
700 Bullion <J2 : 200/)verman 21
SCO Bullion 03 3(0 Potosi -}
100 Caledonia 1 20 200 Silver Hill U
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
"WEDNESDAY, April 25—4 p. in.
Bid. Ask. 1 . Bid. Ask.
Alpha C 3 04 Justice — OH
Alta 03 04 Kentuck — <¦}
Andes CS 10 Lady Wash.... — '*>
Belcher 16 17 Mexican 28 23
Best & Belcher 13 20 Occidental c 3 10
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 5. f.B
Caledonia 135 —Overman 21 22
Chollar 22 23 Potosi 21 U
Challenge Con.. 16 17 Savage 0. M
Confidence SI S3 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va. 1501 C 5 Seg Belcher .... C 2 U3
Con Imperial... — C 2 Sierra Nevada. 40 4.
Con New York. — C 4 Silver Hill 14 lo
Eureka C0n.... — So St Louis ¦•-;«
Crown Point.... 13 14 Standard 320 3 o'J
Exchequer 01 (S Syndicate — t.
Gould & Curry. 22 24 Union Con 22 .4
Hale & Norc... 22 34 Utah 69 J?
Julia — C 3 Yellow Jacket.. 24 2j
under larger receipts, and the Cherries were
not all sold. \ ' . .¦ '
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows:- Fancy Navels.- $2 40#2 £0; choice Navels,
$1 60ipl 75; standard, 80c@$l 25; Seedlings $1 60.
Citrus fruits show no change worthy of note.
. DECIDUUU3 FRUITS—
APPLES— 7S<"iS*2 r*r b^x. ¦
STRAWBERRIES-$3|T5 per chest for large
and $C@9 for small berries. Receipts were
325 chests Blackberries from the south. -.
CHERRIES— SOc@SI per box for common red
and white and Jl@l 50 for black. Receipts
were 634 boxes. •. „_.„ _.¦
CITHCB tH CITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 20!g2 to
per box; Seedlings. 75c®U 75: Lemons. $1&1 jC
fcr common and J2(Q2 50 for good to £««««;
Mexican Limes. ?4'p4 50; Bananas, $1 25<<?2 »U
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 sCft4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. . 3\c tor
40-50' s; 3'/4c for 50-60' s. 3Uc for 60-70's. 3g3'ic for
70-SO's, 2&&3 c for SO^s and 2&c for 90-100's;
Apricots, 9®loc for Royals and lJKffllc for
Moorparks; Peaches. 4%©5 c for Standards. 5c
for choice and 60 for lancy; Peeled Peaches, 10S
UV,c; Evaporated Apples..&'/4<g6c; Sun-dried. 3?j
4c per lb; Pears. 3H®«Vic for dark and 71f8c for
bright halves; Black Figs. lftW2c; White Figs,
2®3c; Bleached Plums, 7Hc; unbleached Plums.
Co for pitted and IVic for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's —Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy. p<?r lb.. SVic; choice. 7>*c; standard, b\±c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc: Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. o4c;
3-crown, 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. lancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. AH
prices are ". b. b. at common shipping points
NUTS — Walnuts. B©9c for standards and
OifflOc for softshells: Almonds, UMe@l2a io \
paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
Ehell. Peanuts, s^iC6%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts, 7%l}Sc. Filberts, 12®
1214 c. Pecans, 11$ 13c. Cocoanuts, $4 50^5.
HONEY— Comb. 11',4®12c for bright and 10%@
lie for light amber; .water white extracted.
7%c; light amber extracted. 7UQ7 I ,fcc; dark,
sH©6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers are talking of a duller and easier
market, in sympathy with a softer Eastern
market. No change in quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie rer lb for heavy,
lie for light medium. 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14V4c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13H@14c; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl- extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork $14 50@15; pxtra clear, $19; Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12%<ffl3e per Us.
LARD— Tiercee quoted at 7®Sc per lb for
compound and 8 1 -j'?i9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 9'ic; 10-lb tins, 9%c: 6-lb tins, 10% c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. B%@&%c per lb; half
barrels, 8&4«p!ic: 10-lb tins, 9V4c.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands s»!l
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOSllc; medium. 9Vic; light. 9.89'4c; Cowhides,
959>,4c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9?£9',£c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, lS@l3c; culls end brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16Q17c; Dry Calf. 193
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15Ccf30c each; short
Wool, 35<&6Cc each; medium, 70®90c; long Wool,
$l(gl 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 25«i3 for large
and $1 25-gl 75 for small; Colts. 25®50c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c: medium, 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. D<£3V4e per lb; No.
2, 4iTiVjc; refined. 6fec; grease. 2H ( JT3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, Northern defective, 13ft
lCc; Middle County, free. 151T17c; Middle
County, defective, ]3Sl3c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12@14c; do, free. 7 months', 12ftl5c;
do. defective. 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20® 23c; Nevada, 16@13c per lb.
HOPS— 6®9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices stand about the same.
BEEF — 6®7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-6H<2?9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7V4c; ewes, 6HS?c per
lb.
LAMB—Sprlr.s. S£9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. &vd<B6M,c for small and
medium and 5 1^'55^ic for large: stock Hogs and
feeders. uViQDHc; dressed Hogs, 7®S^ic
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 C 3: Calcutta
Grain Bags, CV4®6^c; Wool Bass. 2SVi@32^c;
Fleece Twine. 74c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. J7 50; Seattle,
16 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay, $3; Wallsend. JS;
Co-operative Wallsend. JS; Cumberland, $12 In
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and U7 in sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b In 100-lb bags: . Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.50 c; Powdered
5.50 c; Candy Granulated, 5.10 c; Dry Granuiatrd'
6c; Confectioners' A, sc: Magnolia a, 4 63c'
Extra C, 4.50 c; Golden C, 4.40 c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more
50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for le«3
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominua
half-barrels, 5.75 c; boxes, 6c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23.
Flour, qr sks.... 17,073 Shorts, sks 75
Wheat, ctls 70,339 Sugar, fKs 200
Barley, ctls 2. 740 Sugar, bbls luO
Oats, ctls 1,090 Lime, bbls I^2
Corn, ctls 23: Leather, rolls .. 375
Butter, ctls 851 ! Quicksilver, flsks 100
Cheese, ctls .... 476 Eggs, % doz 23,200
Tallow, ctls 217 Straw, tons .... 5
Beans, sks 32". Hay, tona 375
Potatoes, Bks .. 1,543 Wine, gals 59.200
Middlings, sks .. 653 .W001, bags 562
Bran, sks 1,2771Pe1t5. bdls 4^
Onions, sks 1.0C5J Hides, No 730
OREGON
Flour, qr sks .... 21,90? Bran, sks 2,730
Oats, ctls 560, Shorts, sks 1,200
I 'otn toes, sks .... 2,933]
SUz'cr and Exchange advanced.
Wheat firmer at a slight advance.
Barley quiet. Corn ftnn. Rye steady.
Oats active and firm under Government orders for Manila.
Bran declined again. Middlings and Hay unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull of previous prices.
Potatoes dull, but firm. Onions weakening.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Poultry rules firm under light supplies.
Cherries and Strawberries continue to decline.
Provisions quiet and rather easier.
Shipment of $141,527 to China.
Local stocks and bonds still inactive.
000: choice quiet, quality steers steady to
strong; others slow butcher stock, steady.
Native— Best on sale to-day, $5 65; good to
FJ, m l Btee rs,- $4 90@5 80: ¦ poor to medium.
U 10®4 76: selected feeders. $4 15^5; mixed
stackers, $3 3054: cows, *3«4 50; heifers, $3 2«@
4 80; canners. $2 75«j2 85; bulls, $2 75tf4 .5;
calves. J4 EOH6 50. Texans— Receipts, 300; best
on sale to-day, four cars at $5; Texas fed
6t «f" ' J4@s 25; bulls, $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 23,000; to-morrow.
20.000; left over, 4500; 2%®5c higher; closing
easy, top. $5 60; mixed and butchers. J5 3o«
6 60; good to choice heavy. J5 45@5 60: rough
heavy, to 30(Ji5 40; light. J5 25(g-5 50; bulk of
ealfß. *5 45@5 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000: sheep slow to 10c
lower: lambs, steady good to choice wethers,
X 25©5 65; fair to choice mixed. *4 75«/S 43;
A\ estern sheep. $5 40«1.> CO; yearlings. Jo 50«6.
native lambs, JS Co@7 30; Western lambs, *6<&
-Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. April 25.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Wool dealers continue to report some look-
Ing around on the part of manufacturers, and in
a few Instances the latter have taken some fair
lines of wools. The aggregate of the business
done, however, during the past week figures
upon only a moderate total. In fact the mar
ket has seldom presented a quieter nspect,
taken as a whole, than It has this week. An
undertone of confidence exists In the wool
trade, notwithstanding the quiet business pre
vailing and the market Is steady with practic
ally unchanged prices.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 25.— Clearings, $266,876;
balances, 155, 705.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 25.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 62@54c; valley, C2t?s3c; blue stem, 56
@57c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 25.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
club, 61'952c; blue stem, 55% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April 25.— Consols, 100%! silver.
17 7-16; French rentes, 10U 7%c. Wheat car
goes on passage, less offering; Walla Walla,
2Ss 7Hd.
LIVERPOOL. April 25.— WHEAT— Finn; No.
1 standard California, 6s 4dQ6s 4Vjd.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. April 25. — WHEAT— Spot,
fteady; No. 1 California, 6s 4d#6s 4V,d; No. 1
Northern spring. 5s lid. Futures quiet; April,
nominal; May, 6s 9Ud; July, 5s STsd-
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s lfcd; futures, steady; May. 4s 3V»d; July,
4s i4d; September, 4s *id.
-«¦??.?• P f S . fer o wlth actual '"Jslnoss in bank
ers bills at J« BS(g4 BSH for demand and $4 844
Si«v/i,u aj ' s; Posted rates. J4 S3®4 85% and
*? S9<&< S9Vi; commercial bills. $4 83<g4 84Vi.
Silver certificates. f,?V<jco%c. • Bar silver. C 9y t c.
?ollar|!? ollar|! - «%W Government bonds,
regular bonds - fl ™; railroad bonds, | r -
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 2:.. -The. Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were irregular and quiet to-day,
suggesting dragging markets for some time
The settlement disclosed only small specula
tion. Oontangoes were a trifle stiffer, merely be
cause of the long account. Consols and the
war loan hardened.
Americans were very idle. They opened firm
er, but were neglected and New York sold, a
partial recovery following a general slight ral
ly. The contango in Americans was 6@6%. Bal
timore and Ohio, N. &. AW. Pennsylvania and
St. Puul were scarce. The bank lost £20.000
gold to Brazil. The week's influx was £40,000.
Anacondas were weak on the closing of large
options, although the metal was better. Tln
tos spurted to 53 on the contango, which opened
at 3 and went off to 2. ...
Call money was wanted and bills were of
fered In moderate supply. The bank did a large
business in discounts and a few loans due
were renewed.
American sellers of silver are holding out
for 1 1-16 more. It Is thought unlikely that
they will get It.
CLOSING.
LONDON. April 25.— Canadian Pacific, 98%:
Union Paciflo preferred, 77; Northern Pacific
preferred, 77»i; Atchison. 26%; Grand Trunk.
78; Anaconda. 97i. Bar silver, steady, 27 7-16 d
per ounce. Money, Z'-ygi per cent.
NEW York Grain and Produce.
*— — -Jj.
NEW YORK, April 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
12.142 barrel?; oxDorts. £516 barrels; inactive,
although firmer In tone, with the advance in
wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 20.350 bushels; exports,
144,167 bushels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red, 73% c
f. o. b. ; No. 2 red. 77',ic elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 7fi}»c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No.
1 hard Duluth, 7SHc afloat. Options — Were
strung and active ail day, closing strong at
T »c to lc net hicher. The advance was im
pelled by foreign buying, high cables and un
favorable weather conditions abroad. In addi
tion to these factors seaboard clearances were
large, local sentiment bullish and May liqui
dation was checked. May, 727i5'73%c. closed
73SC; July. 73 1-I6fff73\c. closed 73% c; Septem
ber, 73?4©7<Ke, closed 74>ic
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. steady: No. 7 invoice,
Sc; mild market, steady; Cordova, 9>4'gl3%c.
Futures— Clc-red steady to 10 points net higher;
total hale*. 26.250 bags, including: May, J6 80;
June, ti SO: July, }G 90: August, $6 SO; Septem
ber, $6 95; October. $6 &5 < V/ 7 05; November, $7 10;
January. 17 35: March. $7 45.
SUGAR— Steady ; refined, quiet.
BUTTER — Receipts, 535 i» packages: firm.
Western creamery, 15%@lSc; factory, 13(g14V4c.
EGGS — Receipts, 12,775 packages; steady.
Storage Western at mark, 12\itUc; regular
packing at mark, 12f?12 v sc.
DRIED FRUITS.
While not particularly active, the market for
evaporaUd apples maintained its steady un
dertone in the absence of sellers and the small
nesM of receipts. At the close, howewr, prices
remained at last night's figures, but tending
upward. California dried fruits were fairly
active and steady, influenced by favorable ad
vices from the interior and good outside orders.
Frlcos remain unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4'i«K,c; prime, 5-\'SBc; choice, 7<g7 l ic; fancy,
7%65c
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%'37c per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, lSfjlSc; Moorpark, lSg-lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 15fi22c; unpeeled. 7H®9c.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
this SiIJN . jritAJN CISCO CALL., THURSDAY, APRIL. 26, 1900.
AUCTION SALE
£* OF £^
50 HEAD DRAUGHT, BUSINESS
an 3 DRIVINQ HORSES,
BROKE AND UNBROKE.
Also 10 Head of Weil-Broks
SADDLE HORSES,
Consigned by Clnrk & Cox. Sncramento,
XL. tir.n.h. to be sod
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY. APRIL 26. 13C0.
At 11 a. m.. at
SALESYARD. 1732 MARKET ST.. CORNEP.
VAN NKSa AYE.
Horses now at yard.
CHASE & MENDKNIIALL.
Successors tn Killip A Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 14,-
TO ARRIVE
Foreign Futures.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. ¦ July.
Opening 5 9% 6 8%
Cubing 6 9% 'bS%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 35 2135
Closing 20 35 2185
Flour-
Opening 27 00 2S 75
Closing 27 05 28 80
LOCAL MARKETS.
Shipping Intelligence.
A r czv York Metal Market,
NEW TOHIC, April 23.— Business was very
slow In the market for metals to-day. The
general undertone, however, was weak, owing
to continued increase in receipts and the pres
sure of holders to sell. Cables from London
were Irregular, copper showing some advance
while tin was lower, but did not Influence the
market In either direction. Tin. locally, was
12'j points off for the day and closed weak
at $29 SO bid and 129 87% asked. Lake copper
ruled dull and unchanged at $17. Spelter was
dull and easy at unchanged prices, closing at
14 CO bid and $4 65 asked. Pig Iron warrants
were weak and nominally quoted at $15 00;
Northern No. 1 foundry closed at $21g23. nom
inal. Lead continues dull at J4 67% bid and
$4 72Vi a.«ked. The brokers' price for lead was
14 43 and for copi>er $17 25.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San. Francisco, Cal.,
April 23. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. in.', Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. TT. P. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hixh and low waters occur nt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later -than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. APRIL, 2C.
Sun rises 5:20
Sun sets C:53
Moon rises 3:IS a. m.
XOTE- In the above exposition of the tidfs
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tin?
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, an sometimes occurs. The heichts
(riven ore in addition to the soundlnsrs en the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the hetrht.
and then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r^'crcT-o U the mejin of th» lower low water-.
* : #
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
ARTICLES. (Open. I High. | Low. (Close.
Wheat Xo. 2— I " |
April CST4
May 65% 66' i 65% 66
July 67U CV» 6»h 67? i
September 6S',i 6S"i 6S 6s 7 *
Corn No. 2—
April 3j»:
May 25% 39\ 38% 39%
July 39T* 40% S9*% 40%
September 40>« 41H 40<4 41%
Oati, Kb. 2—
May 2S 23% 22T4 23%
July 23% 23% 10% 23*;
September 22% 22% 22'/i 22%
Mces pork, bbl —
May 12 65 12 72% 12 50 12 724
July 12 77H 12 95 12 65 12 so'
Lard. 100 lbs—
May 7 07H 75 7 07^ 715
July 715 725 7 07V4 725
September 7 17V4 7 27% 712V4| 7 27V4
Short ribs, 100 lbs— l
M&y 6 97H 7Co 6 97% 705
July 705 710 7CO 7 1.1
September 700 7 02%| G95 7 C2'4
Steamer. | From.
| Due.
i
City of Rio J...jchina and Japan
Robt. Ada maoniNanalnjo
.lApr. 26
(Apr. n
Crescent City...! Crescent City...........
Hi.n....
Potnt Arena | Point Arena
Samoa HumbolJt
Oueen 'Victoria & Pufret Soun
Pomona iHumnoldt
Empire |Coos Bay
U. Vfi Elder (Portland
Mattes wan Tacoma
Valencia 'Oyster Harbor
City of Puebla.- Victoria & Puget s>oun
Cu racao I Mexico
Wellington lOvster Harbor
Alcha iCrescent City
tlillc 01 V-ul tOl tlHfi.J
JApr. 26
,A k f. .«
lApr. V
Apr. 2T
[Apr. rt
I Apr. "7
iApr. 27
[Apr. .s
!Apr. •-'<
|Apr. 2?
Air. '•
|Apr. 29
lApr. ¦?>
lApr. 23
,Ayr. M
.a.
North Fot
r*.
.It
..'iApi
SamPler 2
I'matllU
1. Api
HamPler »
flra
15 m.. .
t-oquiiie 11
Del Norte
I. |Api
Dam. Pier S)
Cor ".a ...
Columbia
P?ru
Albion ...
San
Per
'Par
Cap
-. Diet;
rtland
nair>a.
pe Not
>. .
..iApi
..'Apt
..API
..(Api
U am Pier 11
WamiPtfr 14
12 mIPMSS
12 mtPler t
Honlta ...
Nev
* am Pl»r 11
Pomnna ..
2 rm Pier 9
romima ..
- jjiix rier »
Newburg
ir.Api
Samoa ...
..!api
13 am Pier 13
Portland .
Pt. Arena
IK
r.c
t pm Pier 34
2 pm'Pler t
Quee-. . . .
10 am Pier <i
f-anta Tint
San
11 am Pier 11
Manauens<
Australia
'Kal
'Hor
'.'. Ma :
..ilia;
i; ml
2 pm Pier 7
Arcata ...
12 mPierlJ
State of Ci
'\»<«'
*
rws Day.
1 Tsm PMS3
a:
a -\ia:
ly
Steamer. | From.
| Due.
i
City of Rio J...jchina and Japan
Robt. Ada maoniNanalnjo
.lApr. 26
(Apr. n
Crescent City...! Crescent City...........
Hi.n....
Potnt Arena | Point Arena
Samoa HumbolJt
Oueen 'Victoria & Pufret Soun
Pomona iHumnoldt
Empire |Coos Bay
U. Vfi Elder (Portland
Mattes wan Tacoma
Valencia 'Oyster Harbor
City of Puebla.- Victoria & Puget s>oun
Cu racao I Mexico
Wellington lOvster Harbor
Alcha iCrescent City
tlillc 01 V-ul tOl tlHfi.J
JApr. 26
,A k f. .«
lApr. V
Apr. 2T
[Apr. rt
I Apr. "7
iApr. 27
[Apr. .s
!Apr. •-'<
|Apr. 2?
Air. '•
|Apr. 29
lApr. ¦?>
lApr. 23
,Ayr. M
ARTICLES. (Open. I High. | Low. (Close.
Wheat Xo. 2— I " |
April CST4
May 65% 66' i 65% 66
July 67U CV» 6»h 67? i
September 6S',i 6S"i 6S 6s 7 *
Corn No. 2—
April 3j»:
May 25% 39\ 38% 39%
July 39T* 40% S9*% 40%
September 40>« 41H 40<4 41%
Oati, Kb. 2—
May 2S 23% 22T4 23%
July 23% 23% 10% 23*;
September 22% 22% 22'/i 22%
Mces pork, bbl —
May 12 65 12 72% 12 50 12 724
July 12 77H 12 95 12 65 12 so'
Lard. 100 lbs—
May 7 07H 75 7 07^ 715
July 715 725 7 07V4 725
September 7 17V4 7 27% 712V4| 7 27V4
Short ribs, 100 lbs— l
M&y 6 97H 7Co 6 97% 705
July 705 710 7CO 7 1.1
September 700 7 02%| G95 7 C2'4
.a.
North Fot
r*.
.It
..'iApi
SamPler 2
I'matllU
1. Api
HamPler »
flra
15 m.. .
t-oquiiie 11
Del Norte
I. |Api
Dam. Pier S)
Cor ".a ...
Columbia
P?ru
Albion ...
San
Per
'Par
Cap
-. Diet;
rtland
nair>a.
pe Not
>. .
..iApi
..'Apt
..API
..(Api
U am Pier 11
WamiPtfr 14
12 mIPMSS
12 mtPler t
Honlta ...
Nev
* am Pl»r 11
Pomnna ..
2 rm Pier 9
romima ..
- jjiix rier »
Newburg
ir.Api
Samoa ...
..!api
13 am Pier 13
Portland .
Pt. Arena
IK
r.c
t pm Pier 34
2 pm'Pler t
Quee-. . . .
10 am Pier <i
f-anta Tint
San
11 am Pier 11
Manauens<
Australia
'Kal
'Hor
'.'. Ma :
..ilia;
i; ml
2 pm Pier 7
Arcata ...
12 mPierlJ
State of Ci
'\»<«'
*
rws Day.
1 Tsm PMS3
a:
a -\ia:
ly
Arr
& .
ia
a
nbiirjr
s Hay
:ar.l-
l«
IVa
Acs
TV. ,
y J
t 2
t a
....'Chin
'San
v 2
>' 3
•\f-xx'
D Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
!» I> W H W L W H W
26 ... 2:53 0.6 0:26 4.9 2:51 1.6 910 5 9
27 ... !:43 0.1 10:26 6.0 l:3« 1.9 1000 « 1
28 ... 4:32—0.4 11:24 6.0 4:20 2.3 10:40 6.2
W ... fi:21 ( — 0.7 12:19 4. ft B.03 2.6 1120 6 2
80 ... 6:10—0.8! 1:14 4.S! 5:47 2.9
II W IL IV !H W L Wl
1 ... 0:00 C.nl 7;O>._fl.7| 2 :1 d 4.7 6:33 | j t
2 ... 0:44 5.7! 7:r.0|— O.5| 3:06] 4.6 7:271 3.3BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcclla."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Tburs. ana Sat. at 9:4S
a. m.; 3:15. 3:30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night); Fri-
day*, l P. si. and >:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Misslan-streat Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1504,
FARE M ..SAa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Gores Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sen' Free to All
Who Suffer From Any St ige
of the Diseis?.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatm3nts Failrd
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the State
Medical Institute. 203 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such in-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth,
sore throat, copper colored tpots, chansret,
ulcerations en the body and In hundred o f
cases where the hair and eyebntvs had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of boit3,
pimples and ulcers this wonJerful ipeclfle ha?
completely changed the whole body Into a
clean perfect condition of physical lealth.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel-
ous curt- and to enable those who cn;not trawl
to realize what a truly marvel au* work the In-
stitute Is accomplishing they wii; send free tn
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
every one can cure themselves in the privacy
of their own home. This is the oily known
cure for BUiod Poison. Do not nealtate ,to
write at once and the fre« trial will be sent
sealed In plain package.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In accordance with tbe dlrertlons of th# RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the Republican
Party frcm the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 19th
day of June. A. D. 1900, at II o'clock noon,
for tbe purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President and Vies President of
the United States, and for such other business
as may be brought before said convention: and
In accordance with the Instructions given by
raid National Committee, directing that the
Congressional District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by tbe Congressional
Committee ot each said district. In the same
manner as tbe nomination of a Representative
In Congress Is made In said district; therefore.
b« It
Resolved. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of eald
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as herelna!ter
provided, at which two delegates shall be
chosen to represent each ot tnich districts In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION to be held as aforesaid, and for the
selection of two alternate delegates, to act In
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district, in accordance with the call of th»
National Committee.
Provided. That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One del crate ?or each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than one county, there shall bt
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In such Assembly District,
•nd one delegate for each 100 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In 1899. and one delegate for each frao-
tlon of 150 votes or over.
It Is further directed that the delegates
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 13th day of May.
1900, at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four delegates-
at-large to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It is further directed that where primary
»lect!on« are held the test for voters shall b«:
"I believe In Republican principles and In-
dorse the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKlnley. and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at th«» ensuing election."
It I* further directed that contests must b*
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Ccmrolttee In writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before th*
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Ccm-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
day of May. 1900.
Adopted by th# REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE «t San Francisco. April
- moo. E. C HART. Secretary.
Put Out of the Way.
Jam^s McGuire. the young hoodlum
convicted by Judge Cabaniss Tuesday of
smashing the glass eye of his father,
Frank McGuire, who lives on Illinois
street, appeared for sentence yesterday.
Th» Judge severely censured the youth
for his brutal conduct and sentenced him
to spend the next three months in the
County Jail.
CLEVER LOCAL GIRL
WHO HAS MADE A HIT
MISS ETTA BUTLER, WHO WILL APPEAR AT THE ORPHEUM,
PRETTY and talented Etta Butler,
the San Francisco girl who scored
such a great hit in vaudeville in the
East, will shortly be seen at the
Orpheum. This will be pleasant news to
her friends and admirers, as they will look
forward to the time that they can see the
clever young lady in, her specialties.
Eight months ago Miss Butler was not
known outside of an extensive local ac
quaintance. Manager John Morrisey took
her in hand .last November and pro-
cured for hpr an engagement over the Or
pheum circuit. On reaching New York
she took the metropolis by storm. She
has been applauded, feted, proposed to,
deluged with all sorts of managerial of
fers, and is now back again and will on
Sunday evening next appear at the local
theater as one of the head-liners on the
new bill.
Miss Butler's specialty is the art of
mimicry, and she is to-day in the very
front row of all the stars engaged in that
form of entertainment.
STRONG PLEA
FOR EFFECTIVE
WIDE-TIRE LAW
Annual Convention of Su
pervisors in Session
at Fresno.
Many Interesting Papers Read and
Subjects Relating to County
Government Generally
Discussed.
FRESXO. April 23.— The annual conven
tion of Supervisors of the State met this
forenoon in Judge Risley's department of
the Superior Court and transacted a very
large amount of business. The papers
were able and thorough and the discus
sions were earnest, displaying accurate
special knowledge, gained from actual ex
perience on the subjects treated.
Chairman Sayrc of the Fresno board,
who. according to the usual courtesy,
would have been selected as chairman,
waived the honor, and thereupon Orrin S.
Henderson, chairman of the San Joauuln
County board, was selected to prtsiae at
the meeting. G. P. Cummings of Fresno
wns chosen clerk and Frank Jordan.
County Clerk of Aiameda County, assist
ant clerk.
After roll call a committee of three on
resolutions was appointed as follows:
Paul IS. Austin, J. L>. Wightraan and
Frank Jordan. The committee on reso
lutions asked that the chairman appoint
a separate committee to draft resolutions
of respect to the memory of the late S. F.
Ayer, whose death occurred since the last
meeting of the committee.
The convention then adjourned until 1
o'clock. While the convention adjourned
to meet promptly at 1 o'clock, it was 1:40
when Chairman Henderson again called
the State aupervisors to order.
The chair called upon Clerk Cummings
to read the paper, "The Wide Tire Law,"
prepared by L. A. Chittenden
of Kings County, who, on account of busi
ness reasons, was unable to be present lh
person.
The paper was a strong plea for broad
tires, as a preventive of ruts and holes so
common in the sand and clay roads of the
San Joaquin Valley; The narrow tire was
characterized as a road destroyer. On
motion the chair was instructed to ap
point a committee of three to draft suit
able resoluti6ns in favor of a wide tire
law to be submitted to the next Legisla
ture.
Chairman Henderson then read a paper
prepared by himself on the subject of
"County Government." It was a brilliant
paper, full of valuable points, and dwell
ing especially on the lack of community
Interest in counties far remote, as for in
stance San Diego and Siskiyou. which
seem to have no concern in the matter of
county government outside of their own
limits.
Other papers read were as follows: Ar
thur R. Brlgga. "Good Roads— Their Value
to City and Country Districts." "Road
Sprinkling With Oil and Water," by H. A.
Jastro of Kern County and John Roll of
Santa Clara County.
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
sioners in good faith and with a view to
bringing about a feeling of harmony be
tween tnat body and the Board of Super
visors. He regretted that the Commis
sioners saw fit to ignore the letter. He
said he knew that in the strict enforce
ment of the law the Police Commission
ers would do their duty, but in writing
the letter he simply wished both boards
to get together and amicably agree on an
ordinance that would not only be satis
factory to both bodies but to the citizens
who are engaged In a legitimate line of
business.
WOULD PREVENT
IMMIGRATION OF
JAPANESE RACE
Public Improvement Central
Club Adopts Strong
Resolutions.
Supervisors Arc Commended for Their
Intention to Enforce the Order
Licensing Nickel Tele
phone Machines.
The Public Improvement Central Club
adopted p. me strcnp resolutions reparc!ing
the Japanese invasion In this country at
a meeting; held la^t night at Assembly
Hall. Mil!s building. N. B. Greensfelder
presided ar.d G. Schr.ee was secretary of
the meetlnc After stirring speeches by
never aJ members of the organization, in
which the dangers which menace this
country by an influx of the little browii
ir.en had been thoroughly tiiscusstd. the
following resolutions were unanimauslv
adopted:
Wher^a*, Many thousand Jaranese laborers
:.'-ve lately entered the T"nited State* and roany
bns&red more are. now en route and
tore planning to come; and these people, oy
reason of their meager habits and mode of
Lhio*. <:m live on a few cents per day. and
ran, trfrefnr». work at far iower waces than
cur own peor-le; and
K2KRM. itsOß Asiatics caraot b* assimilat
ed into tr.p frerai bewiy of Hie American p*>o
pl". but remain a class apart, temjwrary res:
drrrs. !M»n<ilng home all their surplus -irmnes
and looking urx-ci Japan a* their home, and
tl-tir presence among us is a t-ource of vi-enk
n»>?f to the country and creates a laborer;?
c-iass with which Americans cannot comj^te;
p.na
Wh'rfM. The treaties between the United
S*sues and Japan reserve to each country the
naht to nrg-jlate the emigration ol laborers
betweea the two countries ; be it
H-fclved, That our Representatives in Con
prasß are hereby called upon to Introduce and
¦appotl an act making applicable to Japanese
l&boren the laws at present regaUtlng the
(¦-.try of Chinese laborer*, and such further
lejriflatton as may effectively exclude Japanese
laborers.
Other resolutions were adopted calling
the attention of the United States Immi
praticn ""ommissioners to the fact that
the Japanese Ja±»or«.rs are masquerading
as students and requesting- that they be
refused entrance into this country.
Th*> telephone abuses to which th? pub
lic has lonp b«-on subjected were de
nouHerd In the following resolution*:
Whereas. The Pacific Telephone Company
enjoys the most valuable special privilege or
ttiinopnly granted by our eltjr and pays the
lea»-t therefor ir.to our city treasury; and
Whereas. It seems to have eacaped the notice
nf our charter framers ani is not mentioned in
ronrection with our other public utilities;
therefore, h*- it
Resolved, That ordinance Nn. 1"?3. imposing
t Hrpnse of 12 per quarter for nickel-in-the-slot
n arhi-ies. which, althiwch passed some years
»r . has never been enforced, be now put in
perat-100. and tr-«t Supervisor McCarthy, who
resurrected the ordinance, be thanked by this
dob for his diligence on behalf of a long-suf
fer; r.s community.
•".-mmitteep were appointed to urge the
Ed'-^ition of Supervisor Comte's order im
posing a license of $15 per year on all
ptxeetcars and to request the Finance
Committee to appropriate $560,000 for pt-r
m&nest iraprorexaentß.
COXFAQNIS EENEBALE TBASSATLASTIQ.U2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j?^*.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <aflTjj
Saturday, from November I. 1539. at -* w^»*p»
10 a m.. from Pier 4!. North River, foot of
Morton St.. LA TOURAINE. April 16; LA
BRETAGNE. May 3; LA CHAMPAGNE. M*y
10- LA GASCOGNE. May IT. First-clasa to
Havre 160 and upward: i per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $45; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 13 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
UNITED ANGLO-SAXON
CATHOLIC PROPAGANDA
Archbishop Ireland's Suggestion Said
to Be Frowned Upon at the
P;«v-ta! Dl!>riatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Archbishop Ire
land has written a letter to the Duke of
Norfolk, president of the Catholic Union
of Great Hritain. In which he urges a
united Anglo-Saxon Catholic propaganda.
A cable from Rome last week says the
letter is distrusted at the Vatican, where
it is regarded as an effort to revive the
liberal movement known as Americanism.
A copy of Archbishop Ireland's letter
has just been received here. It deals at
length with the opportunity before the
Catholic church In English-speaking
countries, and lays especial emphasis on
the fact that the English language Is
circling the globe. All this the Arch
bishop points out. cannot be too strongly
Impressed upon the authorities of the
church. In part the Archbishop says:
"It is broad, plain fact in the geography
of the world that the English language is
circling the globe. English-speaking coun
tries are constantly growing with a speed
nothing is able to arrest. In territory and
In influence. Very much of the mission
ary work of the church Is to be done
under English-speaking countries. Hence
It Is the mission imposed by providence
upon English-speaking Catholics to
make the English language bearer of
Catholic verities to hundreds of million*
who will eceak and read it."
fafOHStftlga The «". S. Austral!*
JfWlJ!tfl£ M| l" {rir Honolulu
irKIIHI Wednesday. May X
* *L ' 19W. at 2p. m.
Ci±Sl^\ Th« s - s - Alamed*
SJMtn^hme} »» 119 a Honolulu and
C)[MllDlliy v Auckland for Sydney
(OHFftrjtf- Wednesday. May H.
Favorite line around th* world via Haw*H.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sue*,
Encland. etc: $110 first class.
1 D. SMECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts^ U4 Msntgomerj
Pitt 7. Foot Pacific St. FreisMOtflcs.327 Haiket St
GB.APE-IJTJT&
A BUSY FACTORY.
Never Closes Its Doors, Day or Night.
The famous "white city," as the pure
food factories of the Postum Cereal Co.,
Ltd., of Battle Creek, Mich., are called,
never shuts down day or night
The great ovens once heated up
are kept going, as are the grinding
mills, blending machines, mixing ma-
chines, and the entire plant; the day
laborers, men and women, are replaced
at 6 o'clock in the evening by a night
force.
The name "white city" was K'ven by
the citizens to the location owing to the
color of the nuraeroas factory buildings,
which arc painted pure white with very
dark bronze preen trimmings.
The utmost cleanliness is observed
throughout, and the appetizing odors
from the foods in preparation permeate
the air in all directions.
Their products. Grape-Xuts breakfast
food and Posturn Cereal Food Coffee.
}-o all over the word to the breakfast
tables of the well-to-do Japanese and
Chinese, and to the high caste Brah-
mins of India, to the Emperor of Ger-
many, to Royalty in Italy, to Great
Britain. South America, and they are
found in practically all of the best
homes in America.
By scientific selection of the certain
parts of grain? which supply Phosphate
of Potash and other important element?
for quickly rebuilding the most delicate
parts of the human body (brain and
•icrve centers), and making up there-
from a most delicious food. Grape-
Xuts. and a breakfast food-drink, Po«-
tum' Cereal Coffee, this firm has be-
rome known as the foremost producers
of Health Foods in the world, and their
r.arne affixed to a packape of food is
fufficient evidence oi its purity and ex-
cellence.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE
J H Kuhns, N Mcx I
A F Hilton. Topeka
L Freund, N V
R E Brltt. Victoria I
I Schram. Chicago
Mrs Pchram, Chicago j
W G Blatt. Chicago
T Wering. N V
W D Hldgley. N V
'J. P ("handler, Denver!
F McFarland. Ptld
D HiKglns. Denver
II A Hover, Tacoma j
Mrs Hover, Tacoma
A R Snow, Wash, D Cl
B Baur»'hmltt, Cal J
D E X Hopkins, Paris
H F Welch. N V
L A Johnson, Boston ;
II H Stout, USA
Mrs Stout, IT S A
P H Ward, Plttsburg :
L D Howe, N V
H P Nye, San Diego '
S Wipple, St Louis
Dr W W Lyman. Mo! 1
Mrs W H ScudJer, Mo
Mrs J Kelly. N V
J B Ross, N V
E R Brown, N V
J W Cameron, Mass
P J Emanuels, Mass
D Hlsglna, Denver
J Stull, St L^mls
P F Keely. Boston
G H Curtis. Chicago
Mrs Curtis. Chicago
Miss Curtis. Chicago i
GRAND HOTEL.
H D AuM. Palida
E M Cederburg & w,
Portland
F W D O wynne. Cal
II Bleecker, Los Ang
W M Stevens, llenlo
J H Connolly. Vallejo
T Thebferath. Cai
D E Blum & w, Cal
P. Fulton & w. Cal
J W l\ Selander. Cal
C E Thomas. Berkeley
R. W Tully. Berkeley
M P Hayes & w. Cal
W B Urooks & w. Chg
A B Carlock. Ft Jones
E A Stork, Cal .
T O p Hanlan. N J
Mrs A M Morlat. Win
nipeg
Mrs E J Mackay. Win
nipeg
Mrs C P Schermerhorn.
Helena
G G Williamson. Cal
O F Pwltz. Denver
F E McCullen. Salinas
W II Flanagan. Ptlnd
Dr F W Carpenter, Cal
S C Shale, Los Gatos
D L T Jones. Cal
E L Lftughlln, Peoria
J E Manlove. Sacto
H G Turner & w. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S J Davidson, Spokane C II Tooley, S Diego
O Flynn, Wash G T Holmes, Fresno
W Ballson, Courtland J W Harack, E Jose
A J Wanemke, Cal w L White, Honolulu
M Cooper, San Rafael J E Madlgan, Honolulu
Mrs Cooper, S Rafael T C Thompson, Madera
J B Amiot, Seattle Mrs Thompson, Madera
C F Kirk. Hanford C B Thurbes, Fresno
J J Summerfleld, Cal B F Lankford, Stkn
G B Canning, Tulare Mrs A Durrie. Cal
J M Catlln. S Diego C T Corkhill. fam. 111
H Jordan. Chicago '.;':„;:
HOTEL.
Mrs Keely, Boston
L T Robblns, Plyrnuth
Mrs Robblns. Plymuth
Li B Brewster, Plymth
Mrs Brewster, Plymth
Mrs L Sawyer. Oal
S Frank. Alameda
P H Serto, Mont
Miss Halloran. N'Dame
G Kemst, Honolulu
W Volght. Hamburg
Mrs Uurow, Samoa
Miss Bartley, Samoa
Miss Gatala, Hamburg
Mrs R T Chenoweth,
London
R O Walrs, Minn
R R Rand. Minn
Master R Rand. Minn
B P Barker, Cal
W Yaemans. Cal
Mrs ,T S Bowers, Cal
F S Johnson, S Rafael
Mrs Johnson. S Rafael
S A McKean. Pa
G W Carey. Dakota
\V B Wlnstern, Chga
J J Hator>, NY
\V C Howard. N V
0 Bartel, Illinois
R W Castle, Seattle
Mrs Castle, Seattle
G II Taylor. Denver
Mrs W J Black. 11l
\V J Cook. San Diego
1 E Dwight. N V
Lt W Hopkins. USMC
!•" CJoldschmit. Berlin .
O M Turner. Berkeley
X L Emery, Wyoming
W Maguire. Cal
II Bleecker, Los Ans
C F Lander, Cal
Mrs Richs. Watsonvlll
C H Palmtaer. Salinas
II II Hunter & w, Cal
Mrs A Moser. Boston
A J .Sullivan & w. dig
I' nosfnberjr. Cal
O A Thurman & w.Cal
E Cahlll. San Jose
C W Stults, N V
R C Cllne. Los An*
W H Husband, Kelsey
w Collins & w, Cal
H T Rowe, Cal
B West. Sta Cruz
G B Lardner. Auburn
P Requeth. Vlsalia
J C Lowrle, Pa
H A Andrews. Cal
Miss Leicester, Hono
lulu
C E TJallard, S Cruz
L R Pandstone. Cal
A Knab. Cincinnati
T J Duncan & w B C
W A Duncan, B C
J "W Encrle, Illinois
C E Mcßeavy, Cal
M J King, Woodland
ERNEST HOGAN SUES
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
i Says the Captain of theMiowera Drew
the Color Line on His Troupe
of Comedians.
Special Corre?r>ondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, H. 1.. April 17.—Twenty
: nine separate suits for damages, aggre
' gating over a half million dollars, have
i been brought against the C. A. S. S. Com
¦ pany, owners of the Miowera, Warrimoo
. and Aorangi, boats plying between the
colonies, Honolulu, Vancouver and Vic
toria, by Ernest Hogan, the colored come
dian, and the members of his minstrel
i troupe. The cases will be tried during
i the May term, and should the court grant
judgment the Miowera or any other boat
of the line will be seized upon her arrival
in port.
Hogan and his company came from Syd
ney second class in one of the C A. S. S.
Co. 'B boats some six or eight weeks ago
j and had tickets permitting them to st^p
] over here. They finished their engage
i ment at the Orpheum and having under
| gone all the health regulations were ex
! pectlng to leave in the Miowera. When
this steamer arrived both the captain and
; the agents refused to take the colored
: people aboard, stating that they had ac
¦ commodatlons in neither the cabin nor the
' steerage. It was proved by both the
custom-house officers and others who
, went aboard that there was ample room.
; Of course, the color line was drawn, and
' Hosan and his people will do their best
to recover damages.
Struck by an Electric Car.
B. T. Bardeau, residing at 13 Rauch
street, jumped off an electric car at the
corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets in front of another car last night.
He was knocked down and sustained a
fracture of the skull. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital. His injuries are
not considtrf-d dangerous.
COMES TO THE RELIEF
OF THE SALOON-KEEPER
Supervisor Hotaling to Introduce an
Ordinance Which Will Prevent
Destruction of Property.
Drtpite the treatment accorded him by
the Board of Police Commissioners, Su
pervisor Hotaling does not intend resting
until he has afTord^d restaurant-keepers
and saloon men some relief from the or
dinance which compels them to cut down
partitions in private rooms.
Mr. Hotaling intends introducing an or
dinance at next Monday's meeting of th*
Board of Supervisory which will have this
end in view. As outlined in his spc-eeh to
the board at its la-st session. Supervisor
Hotaling contends that the enforcement
of the existing ordinance will result In the
destruction of decorations and fancy
woodwork which cost large sums of
money, and that such mutilation will not
only affect the pockets of the proprietors
but will cause loss and trouble to the
creditors. He believes that people who
desire to have supper In a back room of
a restaurant after the theater are entitled
to some degree of privacy. His ordinance
will be framed to remedy the defects in
the present law.
He al.=o stated that he pent a communi
cation to the Board of Police Commls-
GENTRY'S GREAT SHOW
FREE TO THE ORPHANS
The little orphans of the various schools
of this city have been made happy by the
benevolent act of Professor Gentry. " For
the remainder of the week the entire show
now located at Central Park is open for
them f»nd Invitations have been forwarded
to different asylums, irrespective of creed.
Yesterday a crowd of homeless little ones
gathered at the animal show with their
teachers and enjoyed the programme Im
mensely. It Is the intention of the man
agement to have every school visit the
circus during this the closing week. Great
credit te due Professor Gentry for his
kind action.
THE 0. R, & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ep*ar-street Tharf at 10 a. m.
rinr 112 first Class Including Berth,
InnC S3 Second Class and Mcala.
COLUMBIA nails April 23, May S. IS. 2*
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails.. . .May 3. 13. 23
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Hast.
E. C. WARD. General Atfent.
S3O Market St.
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Tried to Rob a Chinaman.
Wing Chung, a Chinese laundryman,
visited a saloon at 13 Mission street last
evening to secure some washing, ar.d
while there treated a number of men in
the place to liquid refreshment. On leav
ing the place he was followed by four
men. When opposite 647 Minna street they
attempted to assault and rob him, but he
scared thpm off by blowing his police
whistle. He was unable to give a descrip
tion of the men.
FOUND WANDERING IN
THE BERKELEY HILLS
Dr. William Graves Strays From
Kis Home and Almost Dies
From Exposure.
BERKELEY. April 25.— Dr. William
Grave?. SO y^nrs of age, who is a proml
oent r<*Mdent of Berkeley and at one time
a \vt 11-kncwn practitioner on this coast,
disappeared from his home two days ago
and wuf found this evening wandering In
;!.- Berk< lev hills.
Dr. Graves' health has been falling for
fome time past. Continual watch has had
i<» bp kept on him by his family. Last
Monday the old jrer.t!^ man strayed from
his residence, 2327 Charming way. and
arms not ?een until this evening. wh*>n he
was found near the university rtsorvoir
back of the college buildings. He was in
a very weak and exhausted condition.
Professor C. C. PJehn took him to his
lirjtne.
l>r. Graves ha?= held a number of public
offices, at onf time b^ir.g a member of
the San Francisco School Beard.
OWENS FEIGNS INSANITY
Refuses to Answer Any Questions in
the Courtroom.
SUISUN, April 23.— Judge J. M. Gregory,
who is defending John Owens, appeared
before Justice Hitchcock to-day ami
asked for a continuance of the case.
While in court Owens did not speak a
word. He appeared to be indifferent as
to what was going on. When a question
was addressed to him he would simply
stare and remain speechless.
The authorities claim it was a feigned
attempt at insanity. A medical attendant
visited Owens later on and stated he was
all right. Judge Gregory's motion for a
continuance was granted.
Brewers Weary of War Tax.
WASHINGTON. April 25.— A large dele
gation representing the brewers of the
United States appeared before the Ways
and Means Committee to-day to urge the
repeal of the extra $1 a barrel imposed on
beer by the war revenue act. The dtle
gation was sent by the board of trustees
of the United States Brewers' Associa
tion.
Boyle Convicted
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 25.— Patrick
Boyle, the salocnman who set fire to his
premises here on the night of January 9
last, was to-day found guilty of areon in
the second degree before Superior Judge
Angellottl. It is understood that Boyle's
attorney will appeal the case.
Stole at a Wedding.
Charles Conley and Oscar Patterson,
two waiters, were arrested yesterday by
Detectives Byram and Coady and charged
at the City" Prison with petty larceny.
Both men were engaged by Caterer
! Wheeler to wait on the guests at the
i Brandenptein-Silverberg wedding, which
| was celebrated at the corner of Gough
jar.dj ar.d California streets. They were tempt
ed to lay hands on a bottle of cham
, pagne, some wedding cake and some nap
i kins, which they secreted in a satchel.
j Their actions were observed and the po
i lice were notified. The detectives search
; ed the men, found the plunder and placed
! them under arrest.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Bread-way
W wharf. San Franclseo:
Ma*»^ For Alaskan ports— l 3 a. m..
I«*Sk!K Aprll 21 - 2S: May L chanK *
S£i£*»>\fe'* J'3skJ '35k to company* steamers at Se-
S^Jfifl t *iPl Fo' Victoria, Vancouver (B.
t«9-TSS3* i^rl f " •)¦ Pnrt Towr.send. Ssattle.
r****BHa3i I sM Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
\SB«SV and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
"^¦4 io a in. April 21. 2«: May 1
and every fifth day thereafter; change at Se-
attle to this company" a steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. . at
F" < r° l Eureka. Hamb^idt Bay-10 a. m.. April
24 29- May 4 and every fifth day thereafter.
For' Santa Cruz. Monter»y. San Simeon. Cay-
neos. Port HarfoM (San Luts Oblspo). Gavt"'*.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme 9an P«» r >.
East Ean Pedro (Ix>» Ansreles) and Newport— •»
am., April 21. 25. 23; May 4 and every fourth
a For 6an a DleKo. stopping only at Port* 1 * I^*
(San Luts Obisuo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Ansreles and R«londo (Los An»eles>-U a. m-
April 23. 27; May 1 and every fourth day tnere-
For Ensenada. Mairdalena Bay. San Jwi« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
«nd Guaymas (Mexlco>— lo a. in., .th of each
For further Information obtain company" »
°Th e »' company reserves the right to cn f,75*
rteamers. nailing dates and hours of sat.!n«
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
COODALL. PERKINS & CO.. O»n. A Rents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE THEATERS
"The Floor- Walkers" are still walking at
the Columbia Theater, and will continue
to perambulate all next week. After Ward
and Yokes Yale's "The Evil Eye" will be
given, and John Drew will follow shortly
in "The Tyranny of Tears."
There will be a special matinee at the
California Theater this afternoon, when
"Captain Swift" will be given by the Neil
company. "Captain Lettarblalr" will fin
ish the week, and on Sunday night "A
Gilded Fool." one of Nat Goodwin's suc
cesses, will be staged.
On Friday afternoon at 3:15 o'clock Pets
chnikoff, Hambourg and Lachaume will
be heard in a final concert. The pro
gramme Is as follows:
Concerto in E minor (Mendelssohn), M. Alex
andre I'etschnikoff: (a) preludium and fuga.
in A minor <lia.-:h-IJszt). Ib) Alceste <Gluck-Pt.
Paer.s). 11. Mark Hambourg; Fugue, in C m.ijor
(Bach). M. Petschnikoff; (a) "Dcs Abcns"
(Schumann), (b) "EspieKlerie" (M. Hambourg).
(c) •¦Barcarolle" (Kubinstein). (d) "Study in
Octaves" (Rubinstein). M. Hambourg: "Dans*
Marabre" (for two pianos) (Saint-Saens), MM.
M. Harr.bourg and A. Lachaume.
' Sada. the talented young American girl
violinist, who was Ysaye's favorite pupil
1 for four years, will give a concert at the
California Theater Tuesday afternoon,
May S. She will be assisted by excellent
: talent.
"Quo Vadls" is in its last week at the
Alcazar. On Monday night "Sue." by
Bret Harte and Edg>±r Pemberton, will be
the bill. A special matinee will be given
on Tuesday. "Dewey Day."
Morosco's new company will produce
"In Gay New York" next week.
"The Wizard of the Nile" is outdraw
ing "The Idol's Eye" at the Tlvoli, and
the Indications are for an indefinite run.
Digby Bell, at the head of the Orpheum
programme, is proving a success. The new
people in next week's bill Include the
headliners of the famous Fulgora Star
Specialty Company, and Etta Butler, the
San Francisco girl who made a hit in the
East, has been much discussed.
"Traviata" has had the same success as
the preceding operatic excerpts at
Fischer's Concert House.
The Romolo brothers, the Black Bur
tons and Mile. Thelma are leading fea
tures at the Oiympia.
"The Amateurs at the Handicap" will
be the attraction at the Chutes this even-
Ing.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
Pensions Granted, New Postofßces
Established and Postmasters
Appointed Therefor.
WASHINGTON, April 25.— Pensions-
California: Original— John E. Hickman,
Fishermans Bay, |6; George G. Colby,
Ben Lomond, $ti; John 11. Peters, Burson,
$5; Alonzo F. Beadlestone (dead), Los An
geles, $12.
Increase — Frank P. Francis, Redondo,
$6 to JS; Frederick Pohle, San Jose, $6 to
JS: Damns Emerie, Chico, $S to $10; Wil
liam N; Smith, San Francisco, $8 to ?I'J;
Charles Charnock, Los Angeles, $8 to $10.
Original widows, etc., special, Frances
Beadlestone, Los Angeles, $S.
Washington: Original— John Harring
ton, Vancouver, $6; Barney McGirl, Battle
Ground, $S.
Increase— Joseph Thomas, Holly. $6 to
$S; William M. Woolen, T;tcoma, $6 to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Henrietta, E. Mil
ler, Usk, $8.
War with Spain (original)— William
Hoepfel, Vancouver, $6.
Oregon: Increase — George Brooks, TH
lamook. $6 to $10:; Leroy W. Clark, Junc
tion City. $6 to $8; Harvey Tingle, Clat
skanie, $3 to $IS.
Postoffices established in California— El
Casco, Riverside County: The order for
the discontinuance of this office, recently
issued, has been rescinded.
James W. Harvey has been commis
sioned postmaster at Monrovia, Cal., and
Oscar Kendall at Pine. Or. C. J. Litsch
has been appointed postmaster at Shasta,
Shasta County. Cal., vice W. P. Hart
mann. deceased.
Adolph Soher. clerk in the San Francis
co Postofllce, was to-day removed by or
der of the Postmaster General.
LONG SAID TO HAVE
REBUKED CHADWICK
Naval Captain May Be Court-Mar
tialed for His Attack Upon
Schley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 25— Secretary
Long is reported to have called the atten
tion of Captain Chadwick, who command
ed the armored cruiser Xew York during
the battle off Santiago de Cuba, to an in
terview credited to him and published a
few days ago, in which he bitterly assail
ed Rear Admiral Winfleld Scott Schley.
It Is known that the interview came to
the attention of the Secretary and that It
Is considered sufficiently serious to war
rant an explanation from Captain Chad
wick. Should Captain Chadwick admit
the interview, it Is likely that the depart
ment will feel In duty bound to make him
substantiate his statements. In this way
it is possible that the whole Sampson-
Schley controversy may be reopened.
In the Interview credited to him Captain
Chadwick is alleged to have made these
statements:
"Every one. of us feels the disgrace, that
Schley has put upon us. It Is not Samp
son or Schley that we care about or are
anxious to vindicate. It is the honor of
the navy that has been assailed. Its esprit
de corps that has received a serious blow,
and, in the opinion of the officers, it has
been injurious to us abroad by the dis
graceful exhibition of pettiness of which
Admiral Schley has been guilty.
"I have for him only contempt. I would
not shake his hand If he offered It to me,
and In this I believe I simply re-echo the
sentiments of almost the entire navy. If
Admiral Schley desires vindication, let
him ask for an Investigation of his con
duct. The men who fought the ships at
the battle of Santiago and the general
public, I am sure, desire such an investi
gation and will be. willing to abide by the
result, whatever it may be."
Those who are acquainted with Captain
Chadwick's sentiments would not be sur
prised if he should avow that he was
quoted correctly, but they express the
opinion that he would explain to the de
partment that he did not authorize the in
terview. In such a case it is difficult to
forecast the action of the department.
Section 226 of the navy regulations pro
hibit criticism of officers by their col
leagues. Should Captain Chadwick ndmit
that he made the statements quoted it is
likely that the friends of Schley will press
the department to order a court-martial.
REPUBLICANS GATHERING
AT LOS ANGELES
Lively Contest Promised for Presi
dency of State League of
Clubs.
I.OS ANGELES. April 25.— Colonel
George Stone, president of the State
League of Republican Clubs, Is now In
the city, and with the arrival of Secre
tary Oliver, who is expected to-morrow,
the State League Convention will be in
actual motion.
The number of delegates who will at
tend the convention is fast approaching
the 2000 mark. The number of clubs has
grown to almost 300, giving a member
ship in the State so far reported of nearly
50,000. These fleurps do not include the
large number or alternates that have in
every case been appointed and who will
also be Included in the attendance at the
convention.
As clubs have been notified that they
will be allowed additional delegates for
Increase in fnembership since April 17 the
committee Is in receipt of scores of addi
tional names that have been selected to
represent this Increase.
Invitations to attend the convention
have been sent to General Barnes, George
A. Knight, Dr. Pardee, John D. Spreckels
M. H. de Young and a host of party work
ers north of the Tehachapi.
Colonel Stone declared to-day that un
der no. circumstances would he be a can
didate for re-election to the presidency of
the league. - . '- •--•¦
"1 have heard," he said, "a great many
names mentioned- for the -presidency,
among others General Barnes, George A
Knight. Dr. Pardee. L. L. Bromwell, D.
E. McKlnlay and ' Thomas D. Rlordan. I
really cannot tell who is the favorite.
TO DISTRIBUTE FIRE
DEPARTMENT WORK
Commissioners to Apportion Horss-
shoeing Among Shops of Five
City Districts.
At a special meeting of the Board of
Fire Commissioners yesterday the follow
ing resolutions were adopted:
¦\v:i»reas. After full discussion and consider
ation, this board Is of the unanimous opinion
that the hon-eshoeing of the department should
be equitably apportioned and distributed
among a suitable number of competent horse
shoe rs.
Rejolved, That to arcompl!«h this purpose
the citjf shall be divided into the following
five horseshoeing districts, td-wit:
District No. I— Boundaries of Market street,
Van Ness avenue and bay shore.
I>lstrl.ct No. 2— Boundaries of Market street.
Van Ness avenue, bay shore and ocean shore.
District No. 3— Boundaries of Market street.
Twelfth street, county line and bay shore.
District No. 4— Boundaries of Twelfth street,
Market stret-t, ocean shore and county line.
District No. &— Department stables, Tenth
and Division streets.
Hesolved. further. That all of the horses in
each of said districts shall be shod by a sep
arate competent horseshcer, to be selected by
this board In reeru'.ar session en Saturday next.
April 2S. 1960, and that this board then and
th*r» specify the terms and conditions under
which sa'.d work shall be dene, and its rules
and requirements for the doing of the same,
including the amount nf the seramte bonds,
if any, to be exacted of said horseshoers.
?
1 -n.\S m^^,. ? ¦.
' yy*iSsitf*'Jff^^^W|fc^ffS"M"\i^^^F^J"f^J^Cn7
| H Natural Mineral Water ?
ffc\'\ known 'or centuries end ?
i JfjZsiSL imported jj
; -AW& ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
• |rjipcs*% ?« Disordered Stamaeh ?
¦ i-X^^n * 2:i Indigtstioa
1 iii£j^-f*i3 Its value h:ts teen testl- a
| fslSsjirHSj fisd to fey thousand »- ?
VICHY So-called Vichy In Sy- ?
; [£t#-p|l IS NOT VICHY. r
• a3cJs*£jp G e * the Genuine. £
' «JK'Ss5-3r?J Tour physician O
•O-»-O-» O-*-O-4»-©-»-O-*-O-»-O-»
ANNUAL CONVENTION
OF LUTHERAN SYNOD
Delegates Representing the Entire
State Are Holding a Three
Days' Conclave.
Holy communion services were cele
brated at the First English Lutheran
Church. Gfary street, near Gough. last
night, undrr the auspices of the Lutheran
Synodical Convention, which will be in
session in this city during the next three
days. A synodieal sermon was preached
during the evening by Rev. J. W. Ball of
Los Angeles, president of the convention.
Representative delegates to the conclave
are here from all ovc-r the State, and they
will be called to order at the church at 9
o'clock this morning, when the first busi
ness session of the convention will be
held.
Rev. William Brandos of Alameda will
speak to-night on "Home Missions and
Church Extension," and Rev. C. F. Oeh
ler of Sacramento will speak on "Sunday
Schools." The programme for Friday is
as follows:
Afternoon at 1:30 — Doctrinal, article 11.
"Aucsburs Confession." Rev. E. Nelar.der, Ph.
I>. of Han Kranrlsco; practical. "Pastoral Visi
tation." Rev. W. S. Hos-kinson, D.D.. of Sac
ramento.
Kvc^ir.K at 7:45 — "Foreign Mi?s!^ns>." Rev. J.
K. Hoick of Han Diego: "Young People's So
cieties," Rev. William Kelly of Oakland.
The girls' vested choir will sing to-night,
and the regular choir willl sing to-mor
row night.
THE SAN FRAS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 20, 1900.
They all have many constituents who will
go into the convention determined to elect
their candidate."
m
HART IS SUFFERING
FROM NERVOUS COLLAPSE
His Friends Believe That a Few
Months' Rest Will Fully Re
store His Health.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 25.— The an
nouncementtin to-day's Call that formet
Attorney General A. L. Hart was in a
state of mental collapse at a Livermort
sanitarium created a sensation in legal
circles here, General Hart having been
for years one of the most brilliant mem
bers of the local bar. His brothers. Su
perior Judge E. C. Hart and Dr. A. C.
Hart, say that they are receiving favor
able reports as to the general's condition
and they are hopeful of his complete
restoration to health and strength of
mind.
They describe his condition as a nervous
collapse, due more to overwork than any
other cause and believe that with the
quiet which he shall be compelled to put
up with at the sanitarium he will soon
be himself again. They say that when
James Rhoades saw General Hart In San
Jose, as set forth in The Call, the gen
eral was in a state of great irritability,
but since then he has written an elabor
ate brief for presentation to the Supreme
Court and has shown other evidences of
clearness of intellect. They believe that
the rest will completely remove his dis
ability and are not in fear of any serious
termination of his case.
OHIO DEMOCRAT
PREDICTS CIVIL WAR
Declares That Even if Elected Bryan
Would Not Be Permitted to
Take Office.
WICHITA, Kans., April 25.— Allen O.
Meyers of Ohio, responding to a toast at
the banquet of the Sunflower League of
Kansas, following William J. Bryan, cre
ated a sensation by his utterances. Mr.
Bryan did not finish his speech until af
ter 1 o'clock this morning.
Mr. Meyers drew a dark picture. The
country was fast racing to destruction, he
said, and Mark Hanna, William McKtnley
and Great Britain were driving it. Then,
suddenly turning toward Mr. Bryan the
speaker* exclaimed:
"You may be elected, sir, by a million
majority, but they will not permit you to
take the Presidential chair. Look at the
fate of William Goebel In Kentucky. Men
whose pastime is bribery find In murder
an amusement. Ohio was bought in 1596,
the country was bought, it will be bought
again in 1900, and Mark Hanna's reward
for it Is a seat in the United States Sen
ate."
The masses of the country would con
tinue to permit the encroachment on the
classes, concluded Mr. Myers, until finally
too late for a restoration of rights by the
ballot. Then the sword and gun, violence,
revolution — a new order of things.
ELECTIONS AT STANFORD.
C. M. Itarrack Chosen President of
the Student Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 25.—
The most exciting election in the history
of student politics at Stanford was held
to-day. While the result proved a dis
appointment to certain political factiona
It was not unexpected.
The principal fight was for the student
body presidency and the editorship of the
college papers. An unusually heavy vote
was cast. 889 votes being polled.
C. M. Marrack, who was elected presi
dent over T. J. Hoover, is one of the
best-known men in college, having repre
sented Stanford twice as a member of
her debating team. He is also active in
literary circles.
The following were the other officers
elected: Vice president. W. A. Morris:
secretary. C. A. Cantwell; treasurer, H.
H. Taylor: business manager of the Daily
Palo Alto. J. G. De Forest; tennis man
ager, S. P. Hardy; baseball manager, H.
Edwards; woman's athletic manager.
Miss Elizabeth McFadden: track man
ager. C. M. Wardall; editor in chief of the
Daily Palo Alto. F. D. Hamilton; editor
of the Sequoia. Miss Laurel B. Everett;
business manager of the Sequoia, K. E.
Wigle; executive committee, G. L. Sobey,
Ed Gilman, A. B. Sill. Frank Wheeler,
C. B. Raitt. W. I. Traeger: athletic com
mittee, A. B. Stewart. W. W. Burnett. J.
F. Lanagan, G. Naramore. N. G. Sy
monds. C. McFadden, W. M. Parkin and
W. R. Hamilton.
MRS. LOTTRIDGE EXONERATED
Coroner's Jury Attaches Fo Blame
to Her for the Shooting of
Millionaire Wright.
CHICAGO, April 25.— Mrs. Anna Louise
Lottridge was freed from custody and
exonerated from all blame for the death
of Millionaire Rufus Wright by the Cor
oner's jury to-day. On the advice of her
attorney Mrs. Lottridge refused to testify
at the 'inquest on the ground that she
might incriminate herself, but the testi
mony of all other witnesses who spoke
with Mr. Wright before he died agreed
that Mr. Wright had repeatedly, when
asked about the shooting, stated that it
was accidental. There was nothing in
the testimony to Indicate that the shoot
ing was other than accidental and the
jury decided that Mr. Wright came to his
death from a bullet accidentally fired
from a revolver held in his hands.
Death of James Wright.
Snectal Dispatch to The Call
GIL.ROY, April 25.— James "Wright, one
of the best-known town characters, died
at the Napa Asylum Tuesday. The body
was brought to Gilroy for interment. Mr.
Wright was an old war veteran and one
of the founders of the Gilroy Fire Depart
ment, an institution he took great pride In
for thirty years. He was a bachelor and
had no relatives in this country. Two sis
ters reside in Scotland.
"Uncle Jimmy." as he was familiarly
known, was respected by every one. He
was 84 years old. The. Masons have
charge of the funeral, which takes place
on Thursday.
Churchill for Parliament.
LONDON. April 25.— A movement is
afoot among the Manchester Conserva
tives to nominate Winston Spenser
Churchill, the war correspondent, for Par
llament to succeed the Duke of Argyll,
who. as the Marquis of Lome, represent
ed South Manchester in the House of
Commons until the death of his father.
Died in a Bathroom.
SACRAMENTO. April ».— Mrs. Minnie
de Costa. residing at 1220 E street, was to
day found dead in the bathroom at her
homo. She was fully dressed and must
have been suddenly stricken with heart
disease. An Inquest will be held by the
Coroner.
i»o«itivel7 cored 6y tbeee
Little Pills.
The 7 also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion uid Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remfcdy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, BadTasteln the Mouth, Coated Tcagcc
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Rftgulate the Boweli Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose*
Small Phlco*
AMERICAN LINE.
9XW TOBS. SOUTHAMPTON. LO.NDOH. PASO.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. ID a. m.
St. Paul April 23| St. Paul May 1*
St. Louts May 2 St. Louis May 33
New York May »! New York May a
RED STAR LINE.
New York oqd Antwers.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 nnon.
Kensington ....April StSouthwark May IS
Noordland May 2 Westernland ....May 23
Frlesland May 9 j Kensington. ilay 38
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco. May 13. and
from Seattle. May 24. to Nome and St. MichasL
Subsequent sailings June 30. July 35. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERN ATTONAI* NAVIGATION CO..
3O Montgomery st.. or any of Its agents.
TOYO KISIN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COU-
ner First and Brannan streets. ] p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (H!ogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S3. NIPPON MART?
Wednesday. April 25th. 1900
ES. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. May 13th. 1300
BS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. Juna 14th. I>'«
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and p&ssago apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market «t.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCKEW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOCTRO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURO.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 3T B*dw*y.NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'a passengers on application.
HERZCO * CO.. Oen. A*t3- tor Paclflc Court.
401 California st.. corner Sansome. 3. F
9BAA FHAXCISCO CALL.
TCSTNEFS OFFICE of the Ran Francisco
Cull, comer "f Market and Third streets, open
c-t«! 12 o'C.ork every night in the year.
BRAXC— OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street,
ccrr.rr Clay: open -"til S:2O p. m.
St'P Hares etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CJ McAllister street: open until 9:33 p. m.
tlf. I_prlr!n etreet; open until 9:30 p. tn,
IMI Mlssicn etreet: open until 10 p. m.
~TI Market etreet. comer Sixteenth: open
er.iil P p. m.
306 Eleventh ctreet: open until 9 P- n».
JC«; Valencia Ftrect: open _ntll 9 p. n_
ITT3 Polk Ftrect: rp*n _nt!l » p. m.
Northwest corner Twrnty-secor.d and Ken-
tiirtry Ftre<-tr: r»r.en _r.tii S v. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
JDOmc~Lc^4re~ No. 21«. F. and A. M .- A
Special ninety THIS (THU^PA^I) JrV
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, second de- Jy^
. rree- * &_&_fril.J^U^
EVEXINO at Fraternity Hall. S3
oTarrell st. at & P. m. '"^•r.okor
fo'iov.f? JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATES— OX. Recorder.
ANNUAL meet ir.c— The regular annual meet-
trg <if stockholders cf the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be htld at the offlce
o f tbe corr.par.y. 327 Market ft.. San Fran-
cisco Cal.. on Tuesday, the fth day of May.
1S(O. at the hour of 11 a. re., for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to »erv'e for
the enrol-C year anJ the transaction of such
other business _f= m_y come before the nieft-
ir.jr. Transfer books will close on Friday.
April 27. WOO. at 3 p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
ENGROSSING _
Resolution* and _lp!orr._s a specialty. J. «.
Oriff.'.h. Heald's Bast Be— Co!>se. 24 Post »t.
A« I --s :•> - "'A^Tr.'.':
EXPERIENCED building and loan agent-.
Koom 14CC, Claug Spreck»!s building.
A GOOD vrcpofHlon for laJies or gentlemen.
:'<'¦ Viirl:n ex..
ASTMOLOUV.
FK<"»F™A~MA?nRY of Egypt, irreatest astrol-
< -.p:st and palmist In the world: satisfaction
.1-arar.tee-. l*. I'cwpl! ft.
A.TTOHXBYS AT LAW.
•APVICE free: divorce law a frecialty; private;
rv~' fe-e without Fucees*: collections. G. W.
iiOTVK. att'y at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
¦\V. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
t rone PavtF ;"V4. 4'G Kearny «t.
ADVICE free; no charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
V. 11. MEKZBACH, attrrney-at-l-w, has re-
f-me-d practice _t 503 Cal. gt.. C!unle bids.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckel* bldp.. 927 Mar-
k<>t Ft.: consultation free: no fee* In advance.
IJATU CABINET— HOT AIK, VAPOK.
ROBINSON $5 4-pariel folding: door opens firm
«nd fafe. W. S BROWN, gen, act.. 425 Ellis.
I'.El.tilAN HAKES.
AT F. E MASON'S, 1710 Everett Bt.. Ala-
meda— "LOliO ESSEX." imported, fee $:0:
"Toddy Roosevelt." winner first prize Los
Anteles, fee ttt; "Dandy Styles," own son
«if "Sir Stylet," fee $15: "Britain Prince."
own fon ot'"-Lord Britain" end "Avalanche,"
tve $15: "Genera! Washington" (heavyweight).
K>n of "Star Huck," lee $10; di-.es bred to
these buckF from 110 up; closed Sunday*.
TlTc largest and bes=t-equ!ppe_ rabb'.try r.orth
of L"f Angeles; imported Belgian hares:
wholesale and retail; fashionable strains of
imported bucks and does always on hand;
nurse <ioee; a full line of rabbitry supplies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,
GO-Cll Golden Gate aye.. S. F. ; tel. South
CX IRA BARKER DALZIEL, Proprietor.
FOUND— A place suitable for rer.eral merchan-
dise store, with 3 living rooms, larjre yard,
Fhed? an 4 adjoining building; just the place
for raising, exhibiting and Feiilng Belgian
hares= without interference with the mercan-
tile branch of business: rent, including city
water, only 5_ per month. Address S'lJ. Call
of See. Oaklani^
BO. X ? Rabbitry. nSIS Howe rt.. Oakland— Thor-
oujrhbrfd IMjrlan hares, breeding does; young-
rt^rs-- tor sale fmra the foliovMnr strains: Yu-
kon. Lor-i Rochdale, Klondike Nupget and Red
Sovereign; Britten King at service; visitors
welcome; take Mountain View cars.
ATTENTION— TREMON'T BELGIAN HARE
CO.. 2124 ni'.more st., San Francisco. Cal
Fpnd € cents in stamps for book on care and
feeding The cheapest and best treatise on
the E-jbJect^
lIAWTHOHNE RABBITRY. 4CO Taylor aye.,
Alameoa. Cal. — Headquarters for fine ped!-
preed Be'.plcn hares; all prices. Grarde Dash
• !m;>.). tervlce CIS. Inrtwctlin of Btnck eo-
;.c:fe.j. T. P. RAYMOND. Prop.
BAU-SBOOM tor the Laurel Dell Rabbitry <-,f
Ratl—aa <"al.. at the Montgomery Market. 735
Market Ft.; srer.t? for the Mea.low Brook
Bflpian Hare t'ompany of Ixis Angeles.
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Hea-Sed by Palace
Royal, scoring € prizes: other bucks at Ftud
p.nd for sa!*>; does of all irradps and strains.
bred and unbred. 1277 Seventh aye.. E. Oakl'd.
liOFKMON'T Babbitry. 3 f > Maple court, of! 14th,
abovt- Guerrero — Breeding does, $12 M un;
younprters, $4 ur>; large stock; finest strains.
MASCOT UABBITRY. 427 Putter St., 6. F. Fine
l*<;!irrped stock rruiranteed; at reasonable
I rws; Frrvice. 115 and $23.
FOR Fsle — Pt-dipreed Belgian harep; from ta
upvard. MARKET-ST. RABBITRY, W. C.
BENTHAM. proprietor. IiZS Market st.
run Encinal RaVMtry. Hasiett & Bew. 1222
Grand rt.. Alameda. ; correspond, solicited.
HOARDING roil CHILimBX.
VCTDOW. having her heme near school, would
like children to care for; room for parent. Call
i to _ at 4' 23 loth St.. bet. Noe and Sanchez.
YOI'NG couDle vr culd like to take charge of a
little Eirl es companion to their daughter.
41 Julian aye.. near Fourteenth Et.
V.'IKOW would like I children to board; good
home. 2178 Perry rt.
BOARD for one or two children in German
far.,:ly; eurmy yard. 423 Minna Et.
GOOD home for a child, with German •widow.
1?2 Hickory aye.. near Gcugh.
books — answ and old.
t<"HOOL BOOKS bought ar.d exchanges.
Hri—.-. Bur* f\t." 5_ M f «» : «-r, »t rear Third.
BOOT AM) SHOi: BAXtGAIKS.
BARGAINS in ladies' and children* *hoei;
J. k"«VH-T>.E('KKR. US Fourth ct.
___IM__- tUAAtlis.
A- $r,C<>— SALOON on Fourth et. ; large stock
arid a flm-class paying business ; rent $li;
owner to K-_\e for Nome; a great bacrlfice.
, C-H R. G. WILKE. S(< Market et.
A— 12909: PARTNER wanted in best-located jsa-
Iron on Marktt ft.; place open day and night;
doing a firyt-class paying business; owner
wants a poo.i honest man for afetrislance. Par-
ticulars It. G. WILKE. 90C Mkrket St.
A-OU>-KSTA_USHED rcadhouee w!lh over
one acri cf ground; house of 7 furnished
ruomt, n'.th barroom, piano, etc. ; rent $30.
Particulars R. CS. WILKE. 90€ Market «t.
A— fSOO— BAZAAR and notion store, with 3 fine
living rooms; rents 122 £0; a good paying bus-
in«r6_. Etotk values tiie price; best loc_ticn on
ir:nc!pal street. R. G. WILKE. f-OS Market.
A— slsoo; BAKERY on Hading business _treet;
Westers Acditlcn; rent ft".; 3 hort-ea, wagon;
I new ovent; biking 2\± barrels per day; slck-
r.*M cause of tale, gee R. G. WILKE. 90«
Mar_et et.
A-i?CO<:.; CORNER rrocery and bar on Hayes
tt.: rent t_. Including rooms; large stock of
llquore and groceries; a f.rft-claes. paying
lniF.lr.wt. Inquire R. G. WILKE, iOC Market.
Ji— i2<X<o; CORNER grocery and 4iar. with 4
living rooms: rent fiO: Z years' lease; the best
ccrner on Mission rt. : place doing a gooa
j.evir.K cash businc?*; full value la sight.
Ce'h R. G. WILKE. SOC Market «t.
A — PARTNER wanted in good paying businr.es
with ?M>G. COWING & CO.. 719 M-tket St.
BOARDING end rooming hou»e; north of Mar-
ket, JCy"O; 12-room house; north Market; $500;
frnap. COWING & <X).. 719 Market Et.
BITT<IIEIt shop: must ro; last chance; a snap,
COWING _ CO.. 71* Market st.
j3PO__rOHNER saloon near Market St.; present
cwr.fr lies the place & years and is retiring
from Irurtnes*: _.iily receipt". $20 to I2D. Mfc-
LAUGH LIN & CO.. 777ij Market «t
UOt— TSAKERY: bargain: disagreement of part-
ners cause of eale. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
777% Market st.
j^O.}— PARTNER wanted In one of the t*»iit
K(ilooi;s on the water front; a good llvlni
guarantee. Apply J. E. SLINKEY & CO.,
southeast comer of Market and Fifth ets.
A— s2^"' • PARTNER, —anted: must be steady
reliable man: satisfied with JIS to 130 a week
no nifrht or Sunday work; trial given beion
buying. Apply at 9 Geary ct.. room 2.
iyjO—FINE carriage ar.d wagon factory: a bar
gain: rr.uft leave city. JONES & CO.. 565 Mkt
PARTNER in offlce business ; light, pleasan'
wTk- short hours; clear *1O) mo. *Rch: no ex-
per___ required. Jones & Co.. kfZ Market
TOR rale— Saloon In wholesale district at t
banraln: good reaeena for selling; no nigh
work; fine location. Box 4577. <^all oracc.
RESTAURANT for eale; doing a pood business
cheap rent; good reason tor »clllng. Call a
U J_:£l-lh -t-
nUSIXESS « HAXCE; — Con Inned.
BARGAIN; $250 will buy good cigar stand;
half a block from Market st. ; doing a good
business; present owner going to Nome.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY, 759
Market et.
BARGAIN— Corner grocery and bar: good loca-
tion; rent $"0; no reasonable offer refused.
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY. 759
Market Et.
GOOD Cppcrt— nltjr; manufacturing business for
the restoration of hair and patent medicines;
rights and patents all clear: will sell entire
plant or ball Interest In same: Al investment.
Brocklehurst & Merladdery, 759 Market st.
QUICK sales Is our motto*".
Should you want to buy. sell cr exchange any
property cr business, we are able to please
y.iu in every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDERY. 7H9 Market st.
BAKERY Btore, 1105 Howard St.; 4 rooms: large
ovc-n ar.d toils to let low; location excellent.
I WANTED— Home bakery; must be d^ing good
buFiness; cheap for cash. Box 4571. Call offlce.
f BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor for sale.
Inquire 1?32 Stockton fct.
1-CHAIR barber ?hcp fcr sale; cheap; account
cf departure. 1523 Mission st.
BARBER shop; pood business: S living rooms
In rear. 12.0 Market St.. Oakland^ :
i PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
I copper ehnr; also steel range; doing good ;
business; established 14 years. 411H Califor-
nia. Et.
AT ?:35O— Mutt be sold immediately; good-pay-
ing saloon; central location: urgent reasons:
! no aeente. Box 4ftS, Call offlce. |
! BUTCHER shop; good trade and" location: horse j
' end — ajron' route: sacrificed to go to Cape
Nome. 475 East Twelfth at.. East Oakland.
FOR sale, cheap— Paying grocery and bar; cor-
j ncr; cause owner's death. 2340 Folsom st.
CORNER grocery for sale; $1100: In the best lo-
cation of Oakland: plenty room for bar. with i
a Fplendid side entrance: pood paying custom-
ers: but-ir.es" can be largely increased with
risht mar.ncerr.ent: full investigation. Address
tcx 2757. Call office. Oaklanc^
$100— WANTED— Active, reliable man to take
i interest in an old-established commission i
business th.it will pay from $75 to $100 per
month the year round: no experience requir-
ed. Apply at 101G Market St., room 10.
BARBER shop for rent; completely furnished;
2 chairs: long established business: good lo-
cation en Third st. ; rent complete, $22. In-
quire WM HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call ,
_y^e-
AN oM srocery ar.d liquor business: must be
foM th!» week; owner is» on sick list: must
unit Jlav 1: lease of building will be sold also.
Call on JOHN KEN KEY. 14C6 Pacific St.
; FOR pale — An old-established saloon in a good
locntion: good paying business, with 4 llv-
lns room*: reason for sening. 11l health. In-
quire southwest cor. Sixth and Folsom sts.
I SINGLE young man with few thousand in cash
desires an opportunity in business or other-
I wise. Box 4541. Call.
I FOR sale— l>staurant, fixtures and furniture of
j 7 rooms; $l£0; is very successful. Box 4544,
j Call office.
jjre_7_ roorng: nice flat; furniture cost $1600;
i great bargain; north of Market. Apply <43
Mission ft.
j CHEAP— WhoIe or part of small chicken and
hoc ranch. Apply 316S Sixteenth Bt., near
Valencia.^^
I BERBER fhoo for sale: on account of depart-
ure. Or. Railroad and Seventh ayes. south.
j GOOD raying saloon and care for sale; cheap;
r?nt ?2». " Box 3332. Call office.
! BARBER shop; must be sold this week. 3005
| Fixuenth st. .
I WELL-ESTABLISHED brancn bakery, candy
I and notion etore cheap; reasons, going back
East. Jll Railroad aye. South.
jjrxv-OIGAR fitand; splendid opportunity: good
location. See owner, i-2 Minna, bet. 3 and 5.
¦ WTLL-ORGANIZED machine shop, established
in IMH. for sale cheap. Uox 4-554. Call office.
i J3oo— FOR Bale— Long-ea AabUsbed watch and
j jewelry repairing store. Box 4C50. Call ofttce.
! A : BAKERY for sale, cheap; cause, sickness.
: Address box 4C47. Call office^
I HOTEL to rent: M>7 T~ entieth ft., near Union ]
Iron V."orks. Inquire ?07Hr Illinois Et.
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch otflce. 22 f| 0 Fillmore.
< \ BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
i tisenMOtl ar.d subscriptions has been opened
j at 1223 Polk fct. ; until 9p. m.
• A~r.RANCH office for Call advertisements and I
Fubrcriptio-i:? has been established at 1096 Va- |
ienda st. I
LODGING -OUarS ; FOR^ SALE. j
I 68-ROOM CORNER CHOUSE: RENT $100.
New furniture; crand bargain: see It. For
tale only by DECKER. I_'J Market St.
18-ROOM boose -t your own price. Apply to
I DECKER. K2O Market Et.
100 rooms; rent $"-<>; clears $200 $I>CO
1!> rooms; on Third st 250
17 rooms; on Jon<*s Ft 6uO j
PAYMENTS TO SUIT ON ANY HOUSE. j
CO-rocm corner; 2 entrances; half cash... 220 i
fc-room flat; new; elegant 250 |
I 18 rooms; on one floor; near Call offlce 550
37 rooms; on Howard rt. ; only $3Xi cash.. 400 I
_5 rooms; on Market s=l.; worth $1200 £30 i
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 4.i0
35 rooms; m Market ft.; payments ISOO |
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
«. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. |
j MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg. j
27 rooms; clean: part cash; table board. .s2s<n) j
63 rooms; N Market: nice nnd fine 340)
20 rooms; rent JtiO; clears $C 0 €00
S rooms; meals given: north Ride 400
44 rooms; rent $120: income ?250 mo 2500
17 rooms; rent J.V); income $11.1 monthly.. 750
11 rooms; rent $2S: full; nice: all men 225
Ar.d innny more. Please call for particulars.
i It II V.'IXSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
HKLI AISLE BROKERS
23 rooms, near Markrt St.. reduce.! to $C5O
26 rooms, corner. A No. 1 furniture $1000
47 rooms, rent only J75: on Sutter st $2509
55 rocir.f. fine corner, part cash, only $1000
|1500— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath: 2 lots and
furniture; rent* for $45 per month: at Han-
ford, Cal. KREDO & CO., 36 Geary st.
i »<wvi — SUNNY cor.; 13 rooms; neat and clean;
I cicars iBO a month. KREDO _ CO., 36 Geary.
• SNAP; $400; 22 rooms, all rented; good location;
cause of selling, sickness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
: $275— ELEGANTLY furnished; 8 rooms: bath;
I yard; full roomers : great bargain. 913 Howard.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cnll. 16 papep, pent to any address in the
• United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
poetap<» raid.
CARRIAGES AXD "WAGON'S.
NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
ness, work & driving horse*. Kith & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost, 100 sets harness, 2CO
wagons. 1140 Folfom st.. near Eighth.
CAItl—T DBAT-KG AMi CH-AMNG.
I WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
1 fend to SPAULPINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
| ing Work-, 253-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. 8. 40.
! J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
i CITY F>t*am Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
! STEVENS, rr.gr.. 3S-4O Blh St.: tel. South 250.
I 3. I_cQUEKK*S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
. I 4-3 Stevenson ft.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
' i CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c.
[ BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth Et. : tel. Jessie 944.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et.;
" i tel. Main 254. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
¦ ! CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
j I Gate aye.; telephone East 12C.
. ~ bl'lltlTLALl-JI.
; A^rTEN^iwTrr.Trrrr.7.T.7.Trr?7^E_o^__crt
; MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World 1 s Mrst Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
I Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
1 | to the Grave,
1 Even' Hidden Mystery Revealed.
• j To the Sick Esoeclally
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
" ! Medicines." reglsterc-d and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
¦ ¦ rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
¦ nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
• : she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
' j WRITE
• If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
. i fan. la have been made rich, happy and healthy
; without ever having come to see this wonderful
¦ ¦ woman. Cer.pulUitlon by mail is always euc-
1 ceßsful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
f is kept tacreUly confidential.
- i Address or call, MRS. DR. A, D. HOWE.
j Office* removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
' ! ay*?.. East Oakland. Cal. * — .
: ! N. B— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
•off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
1 GO tt Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
r cult medium: the luckiwt and truest on tne
• i coaj"t: readings 25c. lttil Market st., near
; Twelfth: specimens, mall. 50c. >- , ,
• MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
605 McAllister ft.. 10c; come skeptics.
, ARNOLD DICKSON— Sit daily: consult, free;
_ i meeting to-night; all Invited. 34S Sixth, room 1.
- i MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
" . kct. b°t. 10th and 11th; clr. Mon.. Bp. m.
- J MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetic medium:
Fittings, II: cir. Fri., 2 p.m.. 25c. 233 Valencia.
i ! MRS.J. J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
t ! medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
- CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
; <~all. 16 pages, cent to any addreaa in tha
t T7r.i«e.i F<*»»s or Canada on* rear for Jl,
pcttsge paid.
CLAIRVO YAXTS. : '¦ ¦• ;->- :'¦: j
MRS. DR. CLARK. ¦ „„„„
THE W'EXIi-KN OWN- TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life: while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost
affections; unite the seDarateJ: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life, while In a perfect trance;
satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for chrular, witn special terms.
MKS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st.. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to S p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wire;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; tips
on races. UC7 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German gpoken.92l^ Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St.. original gypsy
lire reader: last week; readings 25c; no sign.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212' i Sixth st.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busl-
neg B advice. IZiVi Post st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth Bt.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to gTave: future hus-
| band'p picture. 25c: ladles. i>l4 O'Farrell st.
; CAPE XOME.
! 6 OUTSIDE berths for ladles; 6 berths for gen-
Itlrmen center of steamer; sailing from Ta-
coma May 2L Parties wlshlnp same call or
I write MR. H.. 1302 12th aye.. East Oakland.
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best: latest Improvements. 1911H Mission nt.
LATEST Alaska rocker with pump: be Hure and
tee It. S Natoma Bt.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE; 3 sunny rooms; yard. 134 Rose
aye., between Gough and Octavla.
DEXTISTS.
a— i)H T B HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market »_ over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas i or
chloroform: also by local anae»thetlcs applied
. to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
i wcrk at reasonable prices; pure gold flHlnss
! from Jl up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
1 caved teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that bt from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays. ¦
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
Fpeclalty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Btroncer than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 50c; crowns »3 60; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.7 cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
»3 tO up; plates, extractions free; $4 60 UP! of-
fice J-.-^irs » a-m. to 10 jp.m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIA*SON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GFORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
j FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver f> r c; painless extraction. f>Oc; pas given.
New Ycrk Dental Parlnrs, 0&9 Misslon.cor.6th.
j DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
! charge for extracting when plates are made:
oM plates made over like new; teeth from $3
r.er gf-t: extracting .*oc: pas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. S3; crowns,
*1. IPEAT, DENTAL CO.. fi Eddy St.
IDEAL gnl<l filling Inserted for 73c. wirh ¦writ-
ten fiuarar>tpe for !> years: plntes. $3- crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy Bt.
I P~\niS Dental Parlor. tZj Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
i MEYER, Deutsrh»r Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crown?, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third »t. : crown-
bri-lge work: ext. pnlr.ip's: full set teeth $7
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. Irol Market Ft., corri'r Sixth.
j SFT of te*th without plate. DR. H. G.
! YQT'NG. IE4I Polk »«t.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR CREELET'S C. P. mange cure and worm
p'.lls: by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
r,lO Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
I for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. nUZARD'S Doc Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine T. r ,c: city vlclts $1 50; all
P.nimula treated- <1"~i bnn<-ded Tel. ~V«=t f.3S.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
i dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post at.
j S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
: French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
| PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.: dresses
made. ?o up: dresses made over; perfect flt.
. ACCORDION pleating factor}'- All kinds pleat-
! Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EbifCATIbXAL.
SHORTHAND— lndividual instruction each
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
Gtenographer, 1720 Market st. ; hlshest speed
ltnown accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the Inventor of phonography); rates $5
I per month; by mail $4; another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Et.. S. F.—
I»racttcaJ courses In bookkeeping, ehorthand.
tpylng, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
BuFlness University; arranged in departments;'
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market tt.. San Francisco.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
scholarship. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlns. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanld?, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. O. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
ADULTS and children taught English branches;
individual instruction; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 100S Mission; violin, guitar.
FRENCH, Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of laniru«ges,32i) Poet;estab'd 1871 ; ablest profs.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 537 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.:sr»mn. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYJIEXT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post Et. ; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese cmDloyment offlce;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 806% Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411^4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 417 Powell st.. telephone Clay 88.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
neye. 42ft Pnwell. near Sutter: tel. P.lack E072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Position as Infant's nurse, no
hoUßework attached, by lady of experience;
city or country; wages $15, $20. Address
Nurse, box 457 C. Call.
A GOVERNESS will teach all English branches
and music, whole or part cf day; backward
and invalid pupils a specialty; city or coun-
try. Box ISOI, Call offlce.
TWO refined Klrls wish to assist in light
housework; different places; sleep home; must
not be far from Clay and Steincr sts. Ad-
dress 2611 Clay Bt.
COMPETENT woman wants housework: city or
country; references given. 657 O'Farrell St.,
near Leavenworth.
SITUATION to do washing or as housekeeper
and cook; hotel or boarding house; city or
country; references. Box 4575. Call.
POSITION wanted to do light housework and
cooking for family living In city. 1050 Howard.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, is' a good hand on
children's frocks, wants work by the j day.
Box 4550. Call offlce.
A— WOMAN wishes to do housework by day;
wages II and car fare. . 136 Hayes 6t.
NEAT German girl wishes position for general
housework or second girl. 709 Polk at.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper; good reference, m iv___ _c
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
LADY with one child wishes to do chamber-
work; wages $15. 314 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wants lunch or steady
work. Call after 1:30 p. m., 441 Geary St., r.i.
RELIABLE young woman wants position as
working housekeeper; city. Box 4596. Call.
NEAT, young competent woman with a boy
of 6 wants position as general housekeeper,
best of references; no objection to short dis-
tance in country. Address Box 2760, Call,
Oakland.
LADY with little girl. 8 years old, would like
a place to work in small family; home ™°F e
than wages; good plain cook; city or ua_-
land. 372 Clementina Bt.; no triflers.
RESPECTABLE strong woman wants work by
the day; willing to do washing or scrubbing
or any kind of cleaning; good references.
Box 4567, Call office.
TWO young ladles going to Cape Nome would
like the promise of work there; have their
fare paid. Box 4559, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED nurse, having to go East, will
take care of children or invalid for her Wre;
Al city references. Address MISS MAY. Ala-
meda P. O.
2 EXPERIENCED seamstresses from the East
wish employment by the day; competent to
do ladles' trousseaux and children's dresses:
best of city references. Apply Bo* 4042 >
Call. - _____
GIRL to care for children or second work.
33H Gilbert St.. upstairs.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union »t.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $160 to $6
w-ek, convenient and respectable; free dus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 I'olk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \ a-
lencla st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A YOUNG man of good appearance and habits
would like a position as nurse or attendant;
understands massage; city reference. Ad-
dress box 4574, Call.
ENGINEER, flrst-class traction, thrashing or
any kind, would like work. Call or address
Engineer, 2SOB Laguna Bt.
GOOD gentlemen garment cutter with much
experience desires position in city or country.
Address box 4573, Call.
RELIABLE young man wants some kind of
work for the mornings. Box 4572. Call.
BARBER, first-class workman, wants position
in country or Oakland. Box 4579. Call office.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness In all branches, is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation in private family; ref-
erences. C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
MAN wishes situation in dairy; is first-class
milker and can take care of horses. 44.i
Mission road; telephone, Capp 462.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married, steady
man, wants situation on private place: under-
stands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows, run gasoline engine: handy with tools;
best reference letters. EMIL GARDENER,
San Rafael, Marln Co.. Cal.. P. O. box 282.
NURSE, graduate of training school, would
like situation. G. A. McKENZIE. 217
Minna st.
JAPANESE wants situation In family; (rood
waiter; willing to do housework. Address
B. Q., box 4560. Call offlce.
SITUATION as day or night clerk in lodging
house; middle nge; strictly temperate; ex-
perlenced. Address MORTON, box 4556. Call.
YOUNG Irish Catholic of highest education
wants position, preferably teaching. Box
4553. Call.
AN experienced gardener, 32 years of age. Ger-
man, has knowledge of few other mechanical
trades, desires position as gardener. Janitor
or house agrnt. K. W. G., 101 Bartlett St.
BY acttve, middle-aged, respectable, educated
man of family; outside work preferred; refer-
ences for 30 years here and (security. Box
4551, Call office.
CCTOK— A plain cock would like to get a place
to Jo plain cooking; $25. Please address
Cook, 643 Howard st.
WANTED— By competent man, position to
clean and repair harness. Box 4508, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
care of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables,
lawn, flowers; In private family; very useful
and willing. Box 4634. CalL
YOUNG man desires situation as night watch-
man; good references. Box 4649. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of 'adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established -at 1096 Va-
lencla nt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071 ,4 Market st.: examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. 50c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW. COR. Euttcr and Scott— Finest flat In
city for the price; investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— BRAND new; 4 rooms; 1421 Green 6t.. near
Van Ness aye. Apply SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Mkt.
A MODERN middle flat of 5 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. 639 A Minna St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
A FLAT of 3 rooms and bath and 4 closets and
large Btore room. 923 Shotwell st.
BEST centrally located flats for small families:
nice neighborhood; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento st.. above Powell.
ELEGANT large sunny flat: 8 rooms; modern
improvements. NW. cor. Page and Shrader.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine modern middle flat;
6 rooms; bath; City Hall; fur, or unfurnished.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms: yard; base-
ment; rent moderate. 1931, 1935. 1937 O'Farrell.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat of 5 rooms; sunny; $24. 1545 Mason
street. '
TO let— Sunny flat of 6 rooms, bath. 318 Capp
street.
TWO elegant corner flats of 7 rooms and bath
each: sun all day; rent very reasonable. -300
and 302 Scott st., near panhandle.
$15— UPPER flat; 5 large sunny rooms; yard,
cellar; water free. 1254 Folsom st.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard; base-
ment; rent moderate. 1931. 1935, 1937 O'Farrell.
$B— FLAT, SS7I/4 Hayes St.; 3 rooms and bath
and yard; new plumbing.
$10—4 LARGE rooms and yard. 627 Grove St.,
between Lasruna and Octavla.
$12— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath, $18. 2524 California st.
$18— UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath. 641 Castro
et., near Nineteenth.
FLATS TO LIST KURMSIIEAJ.
BIRCH, aye., 6 — i rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
CLAY. 1449— Completely furnished 8-room flat;
$60. »
FL'RMTURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE bargain— Elegant furnishings of
6-room flat on Van Ness aye.; rent $35: never
been used; Axmlnster carpets; solid mahogany
parlor furniture; round dining table; brass
bed, cost $55; if responsible cash not required.
H. J. MOORE, 1039 Market st. ¦
HOUSEHOLD furniture, total or by piece; Just
the thing for parties to start housekeeping;
rent $17. 1757 Howard st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— The furniture of a seven-room house;
complete; piano. 2224 Union st.
FIiRXITIIRE WAXTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WAXTED— FE3IALE.
cT^r^fAT?S^N^^oT!7rrrpllONE^Gß^N^lBs
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, grill room, Sacramento, $25: wait-
resses for Healdsburg, Holllster, Vallejo,
Marysville, Watsonville, Lathrdp, Visalla,
Keswick and others, most of them fare paid;
2 chambermaids, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
$20; 2 fancy Ironers, city and country, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, choice place, $20; woman cook,
email 'private . family in country, no dish-
washing, $30, see party here at 9:30; cook,
city, $30; 2 cooks for men on ranches; 2 house
girls to go together. $20 each; others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
5 EXTRA waitresses, Sacramento, $1 60, free
fare both ways; 6 extra waitresses. Pacific
Grove, $1. free fare both way«. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE for institution, $30 and found: Eastern
¦ references preferred. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
0M Geary st.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
WANTED— 2 cooks, $35. no wash; 5 cooks, plain
wash. $25, $30; Scandinavian chambermaid
and seamstress. $25, country; nurse, Engllen
or Scotch or North of Ireland, $25; 2 infant
nurses, $25; 7 fancy Ironers. $25 and $30; 4
eecond girls. $20, $25; 10 hotel waitresses. $20;
7 chambermaids and waitresses, $20; 5 res-
taurant waitresses.. $6, $7 a week; 4 hotel
cooks, $25, $30; restaurant cook, $2o; a large
number of house girls for the country and
city, $20, $25. $30. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316
Sutter st. >..
WANTED ; •''
Woman to assist in cooking for 6 men on
ranch near city; no objection to one child.
$15 per month and good home. W. D. EWEK
& CO., 610 Clay Bt.
10 GIRLS; general housework; $20 to $30.
.1 chambermaid; city.
2 middle-aged women: city « nd n^ oU f ntrT : t _ t
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
REFINED girl to look after 2 young
may attend night school; *ood home and
wages. Apply after 11 to-day at 1836 Sutter.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking. 1275
Pacific St., near Leavenworth.
WANTED— Neat, reliable girl to assist In
housework, cook; small fam. 1422 O'Farrell.
FIRST-CLASS walstmaker. 1037 Post st.
GERMAN woman to assist in light housework;
small family. 1130 Mission 6t.
EXPERIENCED finisher on first-class pants.
410 Kearny St., room 32, second floor.
EXPERIENCED young nurse to take care of
Infant; with references. 2202 Jackson st.
PANTS operator; steady work. 110 William,
off Geary, bet. Taylor and Jones^
WANTED— German or Scandinavian woman
for light housework. 3547 Eighteenth st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In light j
housework. 224 m Sutter Bt.
GIRL for ehooting gallery. Call 12 a. m. at
424 Dupont st.
VEST maker and apprentice wanted. BIT
Jessie at.
WANTED— Waitress, $6 a week. 7 Taylor st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
OIRLS WANTED ¦_ T __
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.; elevator.
NEAT woman or Blrl for light housework and
take care of child; $10; good home. 2520
Mission St.. near Twenty-first.
FIRST-CLASS skirt finishers on ladles' tailor-
made suits. ISI Stockton Et.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 609 Kearny st., room 2.
LADY hairdresser' for nice place; permanent;
good wages. Address box 4554. Call office.
LADY agents wanted. Apply 512 Hayes St.;
morning. *
GIRL to learn hairdressing; also one to learn
manicuring and face maasage. 240 Stockton.
EXPERIENCED younc nurse to take care of
Infant, with references. 2202 Jackson Et.
WANTED — Good tailoress on fine pants. SO
Mint aye., top floor. —
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts; steady
work; good pay. A. AARON. 679 Mission at.
GIRL for housework; Scandinavian or German.
Inquire at Jewelry store. 103 Sixth st.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work; also to help
wait at table. CC2 Fulton st.
WANTED— Examiners to examine shirts. Ap-
ply The L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery et.
GERMAN woman for light housekeeping and
care two children; $12. 1515 Broderick st.
I FIRST-CLASS tailoress on fine coats. Oll'i
I Jones St., bet. OFarrell and Geary sts.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to S weeks to complete; day and
evening class: illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdre=«ing taught in 4
weeks. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. CSS
Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats and operators! j
on pants. 541 Market st.
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. "13 Market, j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call.branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at. Open till S p. m .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \a-
lencla «t.
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
A^MURRAY & READY MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
A— 6 rough carpenters, large lumber company.
$CO, fare paid •••
4 furnace men, mining company $W
10 laborers, no experience required, for the
mines, $34 and found; repair man, country
cyclery ;";•••;•••
machinist, lathe hand, country...... s3 t.O day
5 men to thin peaches, same orchard, $2S & fd
Mechanical Help ••••
Carriage trimmer, $30 band sawyer, $1.3
16 blacksmiths, also some helpers, $2 50 day,
$35 $45 $50 & fd: 3 wagonmakers, $2 50 and $40
6 fd; machinist, lathe hand, city Job. $3 day;
carriage woodworker, ?9o; gang edgerman
Farms. Dairies Stables, etc.
63 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35. $30, J26. $20 and found;
come see; 43 milkers and butter-makers, 135,
«30 $25 & fd: 6 stablemen and 3 gardeners, $30,
$40* $25. & fd; 29 choremen and boys. $25, $20,
$15! $10 & fd; gardeners, coachmen, 3 separa- ;
tors for dairies. .
Come Laborers and Teamsters See
256 lftborers and teamsters for all parts of Cal-
ifornia, come In San Francisco, $2 and $1 is
day $30 $26 per month & fd; 33 scraper team-
KtPr ' 3 $27 CO and found
16 laborers, you'll suit this mine. .$3O. $35 & fd
543 Tiemakors and Woorlchopper3 543
$3 $2 50 $2 $1 75. $1 EO, $1, 70c cord; 10c,
12c 13c each; tools and provisions found: some
fares paid and at mines; Portuguese milker,
$35 and found; 2 men or strong boys for a
Flaughter-house, $20 and found; 365 Jobs not
advertised r£? me 6ee
M URRAY & READY, 631 and C 36 Clay st.
A— HOTEL— BAKERY— LAUNDRY.
36 cooks— come pee— sso, $45, $40, $35. $30 & fd
4 first 5 second, 3 third bakers: also boys and
helpers $45, $40. $35. $30. $25. $20. $15 & fd
6 laundrymen, Ironers, shirt backer, polisher,
e t c $25, $30, $35 and found
cho'r'e'boys for bakery; porters, hotels and res-
taurants; waiters, country hotels and restau-
rants; city and country. $25, $30 and found and
$S to $10 week: dishwashers, kitchen help, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay «t.
A-FARB PAID North
65 laborers: you'll EUlt. MURRAY & READY.
A— WE pay your fares To sawmills and
redwoods No experience required
184 men for nil classes of work, such as run-
ning saws, machines, piling lumber, wheeling
sawdust and 60 others: different positions; -
any laborer can fill the bill; wages
1 $26 $30, $35. $40 and found
'"MURRAY & READY. C 34 and 636 Clay st.
A— YOUNG man for offlce work who lives with
his parents; ?8 week. MURRAY & READY.
634 and C 36 Clay st.
A— DISHWASHER, mine boarding-house, $30
and found; assistant cook and dishwasher,
country hotel, $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 6oo MEN WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad v.'ork: long Jobs $2 a day
Free transportation to the work. ADDIy to
C. R» HANSEN. & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 Geary st.
25 laborers for sawmills and woods, no ex-
perience required, $26 and board, fare ad-
vanced see boss here; band sawyer, $90 and
board: screw setter. $40 and board: 10 Jack-
screwers, crosscut sawyers and swampers.
$26 to $35 and board; engineer, machinist and
electrician, country: machinist, $3 a day: 8
blacksmiths, $2 50 and $3 day and $10 and $45
and board: 20 farmers, milkers, choremen and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A COOK, country restaurant. $50: cook, coun-
try, $12 a week: 3 fry cooks. $50, $55 and $60;
broiler, $55: 3 second cooks, $40 and $50;
baker for springs, $40 to $50; oyster man, $40;
pantryman, country. *25: 6 waiters, country
hotels $30 and $25; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands. }20. $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— 3 BELLBOYS, hotel, city. $10. $12 and $15:
2 elevator boys, city. $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 101 Geary Bt.
BAND sawyer, $90 and found: head setter, $40
and found: second setter, S2S and found: car-
penter?, $3 day: car builders. 30c an hour:
miners. $2 50 to $3 day: floor man for shoeing
' shop, $2 £0 day; 5 hydraulic miners, $2 50
day: 2 carriage painters. $3 day; laborers for
mines, mill and woods, Jackscrewers, barkers,
crosscut sawyers at srood wages and fare ad-
. vanced. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 623 Sacxa-
roento st. .
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter. $40; office
boy. $3 week: chnreman for ranch. $25; stable-
man, country. $25: farmers, milkers, buttor-
makers; 2 men nnd wivos. private family. $45
and $30, find many others. J. F. CROSETT
! Agency, 62S Sacramento st.
COOK for men, $30, fare advanced; cook and
wife, country hntel, $60; 2 reoond cooks,
i country hotels, $35. and $40; baker, $10 week:
i broiler. $50: fry cook. $50: waiters for city and
country, $20 to $30: porters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 623 Sacra-
mento st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
HELP WAXTED MALE.
WANTED .*- :
Stableman on ranch, good steady Job. at $2j
per month and board; working foreman on
ranch, near city, $30 to $35 and board
5 milkers for different places, near city. $~
and $30 and board •• •
10 farmhands, good places, near city. $1 and
$1 60 per day; man to milk 10 cows and chore
on ranch, near .city, $25 and board: wheel-
wright for shopHn city, $2 50 per day; boiler-
maker for country ehep •••
gardener on ranch, steady place, at $Zo per
month and board; 2 more laborers for mine,
no experfer.ee required, $2 per day; cook, small
boarding-house In city. $30; farmers, milkers,
waiters and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED — Dread and cake baker for country
chop, $50 per month and found; baker's helper
for country shop. $30 and found. W. D.
EWER & CO.. £10 Clay Bt.
A— CATHOLIC dishwasher. Oakland, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
A— MAN and wife, ranch. $50, good place, see
party here at 10 a. m. to-day. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter bt.
A— SECOND cook, railroad eating house, S4O,
Utah. Bee proprietor here to-day. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife; experienced: hotel: responsible.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 9^7 Market.
BOY; neat; with fair hand. BUSINESS
WOMAN' CLUB. 927 Market et.
WANTED— A first-class watchmaker; steady
position; German preferred. For particulars
write, with references, to JOS. MAYER &
BROS., Seattle. Wash.
BARBER shop; in good mining town; for sale;
cheap: shaving 2ic. DECKELMAN BKOS.,
IPS Ellia st.
BARBER wanted immediately to rent elegant-
ly furnished shop. Inquire M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Second-hand Gordon press. 11x17.
Inquire for Harvey at WELLMAN, PECK _
CO., corner Main and Market sts.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker. 1103 Market st.
ROSEN BLUM & ABRAHAM,
PORTER wanted at 310 Montgomery; experi-
ence necessary. Call before 10 a. m.
BRIGHT, well-educated boy, 15, to learn archi-
tect business. Room 44, Thurlow block.
BOY wanted to work In drugstore. Apply 1793
McAllister st.
BOY to fold towels. Lick Laundry. » Lick
place.
DISHWASHER; must do porter work. Jl
Eddy st.
WANTED— Two shoemakers for repairing. 343
Third st.
TAILOR wanted: handy on coats. 254 Jessie
et., between Third and Fourth.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Flllmore St.. near
Turk. ____^
BOY wanted at Union Square Market; stalls
1 and 3. _^
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third Bt.
Good cook. 611 Larkln st.
BARBERS— Wanted, revolving chair; must be
cheap. Box 4595. Call office.
BARBER shop to rent; completely furnished;
living rooms in rear. Apply 139 Gough st.
SAWYERS wanted; especially a first-class man
with experience to run circular rip saw. Ap-
ply to CALIFORNIA BARREL CO.. Twenty-
eecond and Illinois sts., Potrero, San Fran-
cisco.
"WANTED— By an established merchant tailor-
ing house in outside city, a thoroughly ex-
perienced coatmaker who has had experience
in handling help, to make fmm 20 to 40 coats
a week, at an average of $3 50 per coat; a
guarantee will be given for 20 coats a week |
the year round; must bring help with him; 1
workroom free. Address box 4tt4S. Call offlce.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop with baths in near-
by town. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5K2 Mission fit., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — Ensraver for Jewelry store: steady
position for right man. Box 450, Call.
WANTE— I — Reliable man with small capital for
light, trenteel work; can make $15 to $13 per j
week: steady place. Apply 1016 Market st.. j
room 10.
FIRST-CLASS cutter, fitter and designer on
j ladles' tailor gowns. A. CAILLEAU, 114-116
Kearny st.
i BUTCHER wanted as partner with $ICO capital
to take half interest In business. Inquire
NW. cor. Fifth and Folsom sts.
BAIIBEU fixtures; complete set for i chairs;
cheap. 1201 Polk st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States !
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un- |
married men, of good character, between the i
ages of 21 and S5 years; noc less than 5 feet |
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height; j
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who havo legally d3Clared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write |
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
£30 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening |
class; special Inducements this season; only j
institution in the world teaching this trade;
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed I
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
COOK— Crystal Hotel. Fourth and Berry sts.
A— SNAP— 3-chalr barber shop. $100; well lo-
cated: good trade. Apply 1542 Market st.
WANTED — 2 proficient engineers and 2 capable
lever men for dredger: high wages: none but
men of financial responsibility need apply.
Address box 4627. Call office. j
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and gr»en hand;>; j
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart. I
WANTKD — Laborers and mechanics to know I
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
in barber school. 741 Howard st.
BOY 14 to 16; make himself generally us«ful
in factory. 723 Market st.. room 33.
WANTED— Tailors in Kern, Bakersfleld station.
by L. Clar.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; IS
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night :_ reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and' from the '<——¦.
LINDELL li^use, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 i>er w»ek.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receiver! at Cnll branch offlce. ZVn Flllmore st. I
»-— »!— — *~— ~— ~ —————— —————— —— — -— » (
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc? For Srtle |
A PERFECTLY matched span of blacks. \5% I
hands; weight 220O: fine roadstprs: single or I
double; young and sound: a matched team |
pf chestnut sorrels: 18 hanr'.s: weight 2100;
very fast; younir and sound: fine saddle horse.
P. O. box S6, San Carlos. San Mateo County.
40 HORSE 3 for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
X 27 SMxih st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at IS2I
and 1825 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— l4oo- pound team of horses; cheap.
17 Diamond Bt.
FOR sale — Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
nlil. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. «)5 OoMen Gate a*.
HORSES WAXTED.
WANTED — Good stylish carriage tpam over
16 hands: about 6 years old. Box 4554. Call.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. lSlti. near Van Ness aye.— Sunny
house of 7 rooms, bath and basement; newly
renovated: fine yard: stable: $30.
ELEGANT 6unny house near park: 8 rooms
and bath. Cor. Hayes and Devisadero sts.
HOWARD, 874. near Second— 6 rooms, bath;
very nice and clean; only $18.
TO rent— For the summer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden. p«r«
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles: 3
ir.lles from St. Helena; % mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANOE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena, Cat.; also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
UPPER part of building at 629 Mission St.:
contains IS rooms.
6-ROOM flat: Clara street; rent $14: also 3
rooms for S3. KREDO & CO., 3S Geary st.
li-22 Pacific ay.; 10r..550' 1136 Howard; 20r... $35
16:0 California: 7r... 35 209 Grant ay.: 20r.,100
HOUSES TO LET-— FURNISH— O.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster; 11 rooms and servants'
room: 7 bedrooms; sun In every room: every-
thing in perfect order; stable on rear street;
¦will rent for 6 months or a ter— i of years
J. H. GILMORK. 323 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— A house to be removed. ApphTllsi
Bush st.
LOST AMD I'OC AD.
STOLEN from 540 Clay st. £an Francisco, on
Saturday 1 , April 21. bay mare (7 years old) and
buggy; rr.are weighs about 1190 pounds; favors
lett forefoot: with leather under shoe; Inter-
feres left hind foot; white spet on each sid»
of back; bufepry la low set: side sprins; piano
box; painted black; running *e_r, red; boards
in bottom shrunk apart about half an inch: a,
suitable reward will be paid .'or th<* recovery
cf the same; also for appreli^nilon of thieves
(said to be two). O_OR_2 WAONEIt A
CO.. 540 Clay St., tel. Main l.y_
FOUND — St. Bernard dog; prove prep., pay ex-
penses; bet. 7 and 9 p. m.. r. 85, Fulton Honse.
LOST — Grip of tools marked L. Jennings: re-
ward at SCO Mission st. F. A. JENNINGS.
STRAYED— From «17 EMy St., black cocker
spaniel: half breed: female: lorn? tall; nama
Onida: $5 reward for her return,
MEDICAL.
DIIF. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5: safe and reliable cure in on»
day; 15 years' successful practice in 9. X. :
maternity home; low fees. 10O7'-i Market st.
DR G. W. O'DONNF.LL. the world-renowneU
ladles' upecialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
rases successfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at lO&'.fr Market »t.
DR NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento «t.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailmsnts
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. m. to 13 m.,
2tosp. m. and 7to9p. m. .
MRS DR KOHU ladles' specialist— Ouar-
anteed treatment at office, $5; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mascn and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. ro.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist ; horns
in confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5: any ailment: consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 842 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladies' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at odes. $5: safa
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market: ladleV
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $S.
PRIVATE confinement home; best car*; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; term*
reasonable. 823 Castro st.. near .th. Oakland.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent
female specialist: home or offlce treatment.
VI- VI— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialist?.
1118 Market: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private _om»
in confinement. 1312 Golden Qate are.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
BLGDICAT— D MATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eerema
and all nervous troubles; ladles' department
removed to -The Bellevue," Van Ness are.,
opp St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
ftunnia a.no assavi.nu.
3 EXPERIENCE—* miners, who can «a™» all
the fine gold, want a grub stake for Nome.
11. V.. 817 Minna st.
Ml.\__ AXD MIXING.
GOLD •_ver; we challenge all competitors:
call and see. 1798 Fifteenth rt.. or 25 Eaat
street.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOII SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-h__d machinery. M>
i IN'fOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store «nd of-
flce furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mlssioa
st.. above Sixth. _______
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines butlers, water prpe. shafting, pulleys,
etc. '•WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ONE second-hand metal turning latne. planer,
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
steam pump. Emery gear; also pipe fittings:
1 automobile, nearly completed: 1 second-hand
127-rt» Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard st.
! SILVER watch made by Shreve; S3: will send
I C. O. D. PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25
j Stockton st.
i GASOLINE engines; all sizes; second-hand;
| cheap; guaranteed. Newell Bros.. 140 First st.
j AN old master violin, worth $50.* price $12 CO.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
! FOR sale— 2 elegant large wall cases at a bar-
gain. 230 Stockton st.
! CASH registers) of every description for sal«
| and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10i!_
ONE 2Vj H. P. 500 volt motor; standard make;
cheap. WHITE. 31« Mlsston st.
GASOLINE engines! all sizes; second-hand;
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL BROS.. IW
Flr3t st.
; ASK to see the 14-karat gold lady's full-Jeweled
| American watch; price $12; worth $30. UNCLiI
' HARRIS. 15 Grant avenue.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. Vi 50. BACIGALUPI.
iXi Market st.. San Francisco.
A FINE suit. Slo; dress pants. $2 75. _ls_t
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A— s3 B0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
HIGH- ARM Singer sewing machine: good ccn-
: dition: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 155 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; ircn and wood
planers; lathes; Id-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: late3t model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market St.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire, and burg-
lar-proof safe. 218 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flr« and burg-
lar-proof *a\'e; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. TUG
WALTZ SAFE. IC3-1H Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: I planer and matcher; 1
' air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont
A BRANCH office for the reception of aJver-
. tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk «t. ; ope n until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
Tencla «f.
MISCELLtAXKOITS AVAJSTS.
i ?..-. ..,_ ,_ ,_._,,_,.. J - U - U ,
SECOND-HAND garden hose and attachments;
must be reasonable. Ohio Dental Parlors.
850 Market «t
810 prices paid for fnll-dr»ss suits. PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton: will call.
I WANTED— Seconrt-har.d upright piano for
! cash. H. L. WHTTETTFAn. 1710 Market «t.
MO.M&Y TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; first.
eecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mort«_ge9; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room IS. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business els*-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Market
St.; tel. Main 1E44. Branch 13 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 128 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and planes without removal : quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
CS and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 1V» per cent- also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBAROER.
Z22 Ellis St.. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 41. Merchants' Exchge. Cl Calif.
MONEY loaned: unsecured note of any man of
good character. Prescott & Co.. Phoenix. Ariz.
TO salaried people: without security, all hml-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: S%:
no removal: no commission. 6 Eddy st.. r. 81.
AUSTIN'S S_lary Loan Co., 3SB ParroU bull l-
ing— Men can secure Ican3 on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndo— er. MORRELL. 6CO Examiner building.
$:o TO $50, COO: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mcrtss. ;
any proposition. PRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or tndorser;
ether propositions; private rooms. Ban Fran-
cisco Discount Agency 143 Phelaa bu_dit_u
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1900.
10BARGAJX— For rale, flno sunny residence. 11
rooms, bath, ettlo an<l basement; modern:
|x-rf<^t order; irrand view: large lot £0x114;
?|»,trir #-ari»: nic^t exrhang* In part for
fraaUei house nr S'>o<i '.ot. Addrcst. D. J.
M! IIPJfY. ¥% < "alif'-rnia Et.. rooms 30 and SI.
RAWICE- Xew 9-room. 3-story house.: lot
lt-9'.Wr. ~ tv:':Ji chicken house, etc.: hulta^l*
fcr flat?; murt t>e *kjM: rrnke an offer; SIOOO
t,r '.ffs. SHAUBL'RXE. CIS Sacramento 6t.
PAHIC r'sl^nr*: new house of fi rooms snd
fliath ontllenlah »t.'. n*ar Cole; modem im-
proretn«ntz; street wo.-k all done; price $3500.
Aunty «»n r>!«*niiis' > «
2iA\'K you real ruate in the Mlsvicn or Hor-
tnfi'm A*Wition that ynv wish to <".ls?o-e ot
then r«l! »¦ W- J CCKW. r.30 California »t.
1 ,-
j;«o«v— 4 i^room coitnre*; pantry, hot and
. o:d r-atrr: tmxy terscs. 1522 Rhode Island ft.
l : of?" a T^l.lFirtf,rr. 10.7.<0.feet ian-J: sidetrack
it J. Box 4i07. Call o'flce.
CHFAPEST and be«t In America— The Weekly
trail If- p«ce». eer.t to .my afldress In the
» 'cited State*, nenraid. T-t Jl per year.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 ks;a #;_¦* v anr Enta.bHsh.Hi
In 1 S3 J for the treatment oi Private
Diseases, Lwit Manhood. Debility or
disease vrearlngonbodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. 'rhedoctorcaresivht-H
others fall. Try him. Charger iovr
Cnrriffiiariinterd. Callotwrite.
Or. J. *'. «iIBISO.\, Box 11>37. dan tiaucUcu
WINS MEMPHIS STAKES.
LONDON. April 25.— The City and Subur
nett. George C. Bennett's crack filly,
again demonstrated her ability to-day to
beat the best two-year-olds at the Mem
phis track. With 115 pounds up. she won
the rich Memphis stakes tn a gallop from
Garry Herman and Lady Schorr, both
stake" winners, and equaled the local
track for five furlongs. Results:
Beven furlongs, selling, Lord Neville won.
Dandy H second, Eva Wilson third. Time,
I'2Ss4
Four and a half furlongs, selling, Sard won,
Fred Hesslg second, Gibson Girl third. Time,
•56% ¦"
'.One mile, selling, Hood's Brigade won. Her
Favor second. • Bequeath third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs. Memphis stakes. Miss Bennett
won. Garry Herman second, Lady Schorr third.
One' mile, selling, Thomas Carey won. Clara
Wooley second. Indian third. Time. 1:41*;.
Seven furlones, selling. Dr. Walmsley won,
Mol second, Pauline J third. Time. 1:281*.
NEW YORK, April 25.— Results at Aque
duct: r ¦')'-.
About seven furlongs, Zanone won, Sparrow-
Wing second, Caporal third. Time, 1:23%.:
Five furlongs, Yorkshire Boy won. Vouch sec
ond. Strnteelst third. Time. 1:03.
Fix furlongs, Sunlol won. Laureate second,
Candia third. Time, 1:16.
About yeven furlongs. Klnjr Barleycorn won,
Kinniklnnlc second, Charentus third. Time,
1:26 1-5.
Four and a half furlongs. nellinK. Ashes won.
Zenalde second, Delia Ccc third. Time, :57.
Mile and seventy yards. Silver Carter won,
LampKlobe second, Carbuncle third. Time.
l:4« 1-5. .
SLOAN UNPLACED.
LONDON. April 23.— The City and Subur
ban handicap of 2000 sovereigns, run at the
Epsom spring meeting to-day (the second
day), was won by J. G. Clarke's The
Grafter. J. A. Miller's four-year-old br.
c. Innocence was second and N. Norman's
three-year-old br. g. Goblet third.
Full Ripe, with Sloan up. won the Tad
worth plate, a handicap of 100 sovereigns.
The City and Suburban was somewhat
of a hollow affair. Phcon led till a quar
ter of a mile from home, when The Graf
ter drew in front and came in a winner by
three-quarters of a length. Two lengths
separated Innocence and Goblet.
Sloan, Martin and J. Reiff had mounts,
but they all were unplaced. The betting
was 7 to 1 against The Grafter and Inno
cence and 25 to 1 against Goblet.
The Hyde Park plate of 100 sovereigns
each, with 200 sovereigns added, for threo
year-olds, five furlongs, was captured by
''The horse ridden by J. Reiff won th<?
Copthorn plate handicap of 150 sovereigns
for three-year-olds and upward, one mile.
A for Morn hi 1. F for Afternoon.
'Dally. tS>i'"'*y exempted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
a Saturday ami Sunday. < Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 22. WOO.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:CO, •S:3O. »:30, 11:00 a. m.;
12:45. 0 l:io. 3:15. 4:13. »5:13. «:13. S:4O p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and 's«a
Rafael, on Mondays. We<ln*«<iays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SI'NDAYS— 7:Of>. *S:C«. »9:«). »10:00. 11:00. n 30
a. m.; 12:43. *l:30. 2:30. »a:43. 5rCO. «:00. 7:U
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qu»ntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SA.V FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:3.".. *fi:3o. 7:.".0. S:4O. »10: li a.
m.: 12 :W. 1:1."> 2:1.">, *3:3f>. 4:."0. 5r30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at •6:4.i and 10:^0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «: 13. *i:W. **:U). •11:00 a. m.; »12:t.>
m. : 1:40. 2:13. rj^. 4:30. '3:4;. 6:45. 7:30. 10:2 a
p. m.
Trains marked (•> start from San Qijentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:S3.- «:li. *:¦*¦. 5:33. 10: JO a.
m.; 12:35 1:43. 1:45. 3:30. 4:.'0. 5.2U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:» p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:3^. J:C"». 10: W. 11:1* a. m. : IS-.ti,
1-30 • 30. 3:45. 4::-5. «:13. 7:C3. 10:30 p. ra.
THROL'nil TRAINS.
7 CO a. m. week days— Tasadero and way sta-
tions.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Caiad-ro aad way sra-
s?li p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted>—
Point Rey#s and way stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Caza,dero «nd way sta-
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Folnt Reyes and way
T2 CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most .
luxurious train across the continent.
CoKN-ECTiNG Train Leaves Sax Francisco: j
t P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
scturday. arriving: in Chicago at 2:15
P.Ti in time to connect with at] limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30 !
FVDDF Q^ P- m - with Palace and Tourist ,
nl.n 1 . \Z cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local. trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Vtsalia, Tniare ' nnin
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 628 t
'PDISrO SnfiM Market Street. Phone Main \
TKI3CU 3UUW 15J1; OakUndt n JSB road. !
•way; Sacramen*.o.2(nJ Street; San Jose, 7 West '
Santa Clara .Street.
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY — Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1900, via Sausallto Ferry. Week
da>s— Leave San Francisco. 9:20 a. tn.. 1:43 p. 1
ra. Sundays— Leave San Francisco, S a. rr»..
V a. m.. 10 a. m., 11 a. m.. 1:30 p. m.. ::3A
p. m. Tickets can bs purchased at the Sau-
salito Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market St.. San Francisco. Fare, |
round trip from Fan Francisco. $1 43. :
ItKll, ESTATE CITY FOB SALE.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER,
Uocm A. Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTB.
tSZA to SSOO— Sunset lots; beat of all;' graded.
t ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦-: wr installments.
UX> to $1000— Choicest Richmond lots; • $10
KontWr.
jjfW to J2T*— Level lots; near Mlsslon-atree't
c n . ' ¦¦¦¦ -¦' hl>'- MaMj
nXTP.A-PPIXIAL BARGAINS.
S3M*-2-etorr buiMing. lot 36:6x7;; Branr.an
«t.. fert. Third and Fourth.
IS:/. MOO and 11100— 4 and J room cottages In
•iilMifild locaticiu!; «-a?y paymenf ¦
CALL FOU MAPS AND DIAGRAUS.
6OL GET 7. & PROTHER.
KOOM A. rROCKER BUILDING.
I'HVMCIA.VS ASU •URGgOSSj
Tin C C O'DONNKLL — Office and residence,
loil't Market St.. bet. Sixth end Seventh.
16:11*4 Ocean View. Month San Francisco.. t«:3»r
47:004 San Jos« »»•! W»r .SUtlon* (New
Ali.iid-. \Ve.lnead«jaoulT> *l:30p
17:39 a Sunday Excursion fir Sao Jose,
Banta Cruz. Pacinc Grove aad
rrindpal Waj Stations {9(331
•B:«O4 Han Jnw, Tm l'liius. M&uta Crux,
raeilic «;nn«. l'a*i Unbtrs. San
l.nti O).i«;.n, Unit. Lompoc and
Principal Way St»tloii* '4:lft?
¦l«:lin Baa Joss aii<! Way Statlona. a «hS3*
•ll:3l>4 S»u.lo«e,LosGato«*n<l Way Stations *3:I0p
t'l:l3r San Matt-n. lt«<iwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, flan .lixs,
Tres Plnos. £anta I'm/. Salinas.
MoDteiey ami raeiOe GroTe flO:3B*
1l:"»r H»a.I.)8«»n,l VV.y StjUoni •7:3O-
fltlSr San Josesixi Principal W»y Station* *V:43a
t3;OOpS»n Jone. Los Gatos.and Principal ¦ - "
W«7 Stations t9t««»
•3ISOF San Jnae ami Principal Way Statious fS:33i
•«:SWr Ran .lose and W*jr Stations ?•»;•»*
eil:lsi- San Jcxe auil Way sutimn *7>3op
PHOTOCKAPHIC SUPPLIES;
TVE losn kodaks free; photo supplies; Backue
«u<llo 11 Geary rt.. ground flo^r.
A WEEK'S sewe lor 5 cents— The We.fciv Call,
lfi T*«r*«. in «f«pn>f. for m» ? l!rig. tl r>er year
RfILIFORNIfI jIMITED
' Santa Fe Route
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. ll:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:50 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SV
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 8:30. 11:00 a. m:; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:SS and 6:33 d. ra.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. J:«.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ean Francisco. [Apr. i 5. 19C0.J San Frar.cisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 sm Novato. 10:40 am" »: 40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 prn 10:25 axa
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm <:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lyttcn.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 sm Cloverdale. 7:33 pm (:20 pm
7:10 ami j Hopland I 110:25 am
3:30 pm! 8:00 am( and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| 6:20 pra
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
S:5O rm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 ami S:4O am
ana - j
6:13 pmf 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. <S:O5 praf t:2O pm
~7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:33 pmj 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mart West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagg3 Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Spring?. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter .Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bueknell's.
Eanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. .Fort Bragg. "West-
port. ITsal. WHHts. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GEARY. 403 (The NavarrO-Elegantly furnish-
ed rocms: suitre or single; travelers accom.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast ccrner Seventh
p.n.J Mission ets.— Sunny room?, en suite or
•single; ladie&° parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI M"isslr.n~st^-Select
family rooming house; $l E0 to $C p»r week.
HANOVER HOirgE. S27A Howard-Changed
hands: newly renovated :liiu?ekpg. and single.
HARRISON. 7MW. rear Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms: bath: all latest improve-
ment?; hrmelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD. Hl— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to SI nicht: also housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY. 215— Sunr.y ro^m«. 51 .Vi |»r week
and up: also housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY. SlS— Newly furnished sunny front
suite, or with u« of kitchen; reasonable.
LAP.KIN, TIT. — Sunny corner rooms; running
water; gas and nil convenience*.
LARGE kitchen and bedroom, furnished com-
plete for housekeeplnK: r*nt H M per week
Apply at sh->e F tore. ;.K2 Mission St.. b-tweeii
First and :•<* ond sts.
MINNA. 6«7. cor. KUhth— New furnished bay-
wlcdow room. $1 per week: transient.
MISSION. S3TA (Avcca House*— New. newly
lurr.ish»d: rent reascnable. FLICK. Prop.
MISSION. W2H— 2 large sunny back furnished
rooms: bedroom and kitchen; rent. $12.
N'fiE. W>— 2 or 3 furnish*"! runny moms with
al! modern rcnvenienres in a beautiful neich-
br.rhool; new house; Cas.tn>-£t. cars one. short
level block distant.
$2200— SNAP-?220O.
House of 7 rooms and bath In the best resi-
dence pcrtion of Oakland; modern conveni-
ences: close to cars, schools, etc.: now being
offered at above price; artually worth $&W0;
must b* sold; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS,
10.12 P,rr.nrlway. Oakland.
2 HOUSEKEEPING rooms: furnished or unfur-
nishtd. Inquire 4.'-7 Sutter sti
TAYLOR, .'l2-Two or three nice sunny house-
k*ei.in* n>>ms. -with r-ath: $12 to $15.
TWELFTH] :«-,-Sunny furnished front suites
rf J ar.d 3 rooms for liousekeepirie.
WF.HSTER. 711-2 or 3 large handsome rooms,
furaishe.l or unfurnished; modern improve-
ment".
PERSONALS.
K. P. K.— TYJII meet you at my office 2 p. m.
to-day 'Thursday). Willing to o:mr>enxaie
liberally for valuable information. Meeting
to h- confidential.
KILMISTHY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. Ft. Gerrr.ain CoV.-ze rf
Falrr.istry: reads 1 to *. «16 Geary, nr. Jrr.es.
OAICL.AXD REAL ESTATE.
$5 CASH. $.") monthly; now is your chance to
buy a fine lot for $39 upward; more can be
haJ: grand view, superb soil; climate the best,
no fogs nor raw winds; near a 90-foot wide
boulevard and not far from a fine school: four
home 3 just built: Improvements going ahead
rapi.lly; a few villa lots, in sizes to suit,
cheap: no debt on the property; title perfect;
Westall Tract, adjoining East Oakland; call
or send for circular. 4ij Seventh st., near
corner Broadway. Oakland: carriage free
HENRY 7.. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
IVY. 314—3 rooms furnished for housekeeping;
rent $9.
FINE Fischer ar.s Bteiswmy upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. ICXJ Van N»;« aye., nr. Geary »t.
-W G. BAPGER, (13 ?acrarr.er.to st.. agent for
Francis Bacon ar.l Hatlett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR vlclir.s, rithers. o'.d and r.ew. 11,
MVLLER. maker, r«P»-trer. 2 Latham r'-ace
EOH3IER & CO.. Byron Mauiy plane*. JCS to
112 p si rt
X* S WED— IN pianos fit a sacrifice: fnsta.ll-
ments «5 ~ rests $2. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis st.
r* "' FOR rent -Fire upright piano; or sell
rt,ea;>. M 2 Kearey ft.
SEVERAL bsrgairs in i»econ<J-hand upright
pianos this wwk: Stelnway. "Weber and
other*, ficm 1:25 up. Room 12. Flood bHg.
V.;l.^ sell fcr storage, upright. V>o: Thos. Tall
tv.ar.e J2'>; A. B. Chase. Steinway ami
hers. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
Time— Vs, :t3V^; *». :38; %, l:o3'i- Poor start. Won easily, second and third driving. Win
ner E. J. Baldwin's eh. m.. by Emperor of Norfolk-Cuban. Cuba went the shortest -way
home. Almoner should have j>een second^ Scratched— Elsin 12'\ ¦
A PIANO In t.t>od condition $4S
Tir.e upnetat rr 1 -«no «» bargain) j:«;
* ¦¦¦¦¦;!:t Jiiasio (slightly used) jl«7
¦ kt : i km. walnut <nearly new) 115.7
-••••. music sn.till musical instruments. S
F. MirFIC <~0., 223 Batter st.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
or Mr. G. M. Leavitt. SOO Pacific avenue. Ala-
meda. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
BLFM— In this city, April 24. 1300, Lehman,
beloved husband of Ettle Blum, father of
Mabel Blum, and brother, of Isaac Blum of
Portland, Or., a native of New Orleans.
(Portland and Pendleton, Or., papers please
copy.l
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, trom 2130 Post
Etreet. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
BOJE— In this city, April 25. 1900, Mrs. Marie
Boje, beloved wife of the late George Boje,
sister of Mrs. Charles D. Even?, and aunt of
Mrs. Louis Huhs, a native of Germany, aged
69 years 1 month and 13 days.
CANTREI/L— In this city. April 24, 1900, Kate
Lc-tltia, beloved daughter of Thomas G. and
Mary A. Cantrell, and beloved sister of E.
B. Cantrell. Mrs. B. Prlng. Mrs. G. A.
Scheer and Mrs. J. E. Musser, a native of
San Francisco.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this <3ay (Thursday), at 2:30
o'clock, from the residence of her parents,
1210 I.arkin street. Please omit flowers.
CARROLL— In this oify, April 24. l!>00. Mary
Carroll, motl'er of Kittle anil Mamny George
Carroll, a nutlve of California. Hgerl 33 years.
(tyThe funeral will take .plaor this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, frcm the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor &• Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
CLARK— In this city, April 23, 1900, Jubal
t'lark, a native of New Jersey, aged $2 years.
COTTER— In this. city. April 25. 1900, James
11., beloveri pon of Nicholas and Annie Cot-
ter, and brother of Richard E., John and
Nicholas Cotter and Mrs. E. Luttringer, a
native of San Frnnciseo, aged 2S years 10
months and 19 days.
DIEHL— In this city. April 2S, lf'oo. Alvlna
Maria Diehl, beloved daughter of Johannes
and Anna Margaretha Diehl, nnd sister of
Mrs. A. Messerschmldt and Heinrich, Kon-
rad and Peter Diehl; «• native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 2? days.
DIXON— In the City and County Hospital.
April 2:-, IWO, Wnlker Dixon, a. native ot
Englanl. aged f.S years.
CHAUU— In Oakland. April 24, 1900. Mary. b»-
love'l wile cf Claries Chard, and mother of
W. H. Chard and Mrs. W. F. Ball, a native
of Toronto, Canada, aged 61 years 3 months
nnd 13 days. (Toronto, Canada, papers please
copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this" day (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the
Seventh-Day Adventist Church, corner of
Twelfth and Brush streets, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery/-
GAITMER— In West Oakland. .April 25, 1900.
Anna Elizabeth, beloved wife of Thomas E.
Galther. and mother of George F. and Ruth
A. Galther. a native of Harrison City, Pa.,
aged 4S years 7 mouths and 17 days.
HALLIDIE— In this city, April 24. 1900. Andrew
Smlt^ Halliilie. a native of Dumfries, Scot-
land, aged 64 years 1 month and S days.
HAYDEN — Kate Hayden, dearly beloved
mother of William and Lulu, Mrs. M. Finn
and the late. Lena Mercer.
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
HEFTY— In Oakland. April 25. 1900, Mathlas
Hefty, a native of Switzerland, aged 66 years
9 months and 25 diys.
HIMBEUT— In this city, April 24, 1900. Hans,
dearly beloved con of Charles and Catherine
Himbert. and brother of Carrie, Charles, Ar-
thur and Emma Hlmbert, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years 3 months and 14
days.
(£7" Friends and acquaintances are Tespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of hlw narents. ldl4 De Haro street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the remains
will be cremated. Kindly omit flowers.
Hl'BER— Jn this city. April 23. ISOO. Edward
A., husband of Emma Huber. and father of
Marlon L. and Edward A. Huber Jr., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 74 years and 3
days.
JONES— In this city, April 23. 1900, Peter Paul,
beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. John J. Jones.
and brother of Thomas P, Jones. Mrs. J.
Sexton, Mrs. A. Wesendunk and Reynold.
Antona. John and Edward Jones, a native of
California, aged 2S years and fi months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at $:30 o'clock, from his late
residence! ccrner of Army and Alabama
street?, thence to St. Peter's Church. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
<'ross Cemetery.
KII.RORN-ln Sausalito, April 24, 190*1, Au-
gustine Henry Kilborn, youngest son of Wil-
liam K. Kilborn.
l^yFrlendx and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' Invited to attend the funeral, which
will leave Sausalito ferry, San Francisco, at
2:SO o'clock this day (Thursday). Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. >:'. '
KREBS— In this city. April 21, 130". Marie
Krebp. beloverl mother of Mrs. J. C. Schroder.
Bprtha Krebs and the late Walter and Oscar
Krebs. a native of Germany, aged 62 years
• and 3 months. (Cumberland. Md., papers
please copy.)
KT'Frlends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
denc-e. 502 Gough street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. -
LOVE— In this city, April 24, 1300. at his resi-
dence, 51S Laguna Etreet, Harry J. Love,
dearly beloved husband cf Mac L. Love, be-
loved father of Mildred L. Ix>ve. dearly be-
loved son of Mrs. C. R. Bradley and the late
J. H. Love, and brother of George, Etta.
Charles, Waiter and Mabel Love and Mrs.
Harvey Crowe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years and 9 days.
C^Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 51$ Laguna street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
McOOrRT— In this city, April 25. l? 00. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Patrick McCourt, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years.
MARTIN— In this rity. April 25. l!»0ft. Mrs.
Bridget Martin, a native of County West-
me&.th. Ireland, aged 87 years. .'
MILLER— In this city, April 25. 1900. James
Miller, a native of England, aged 62 years.
MOLl'Srln this city. April 25, 1000, Albert L..
Molus. dearly beloved father of Mrs. Henry
Hall and Albert 1., Edward H. and Herbert
L. Molus. a native of Finland, aged 61 years
2 months and 17 days. A member of Alta
Council No. 147, A. L. of Honor.
S^FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theo. Dlerks. 957 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
NEAIP-In this city, April 25, 1900. Genevleve
F wife of Robert W. Neal, daughter of Mrs.
Lauretta Ladtl French and th* late J. M.
French and sister of Lnurietta and George
French' nnd Mrs. J. H. Goldman, a native of
California.
C7Triend3 and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow <Frlday). at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence. 332 Haight street, corner of Webster.
Interment private.
ROWE-TKAUTMANN— April 23. IWO. 4 p. m..
Rowe-Trautmann. at rest. Harriet H. Dodge,
beloved mother of Maud M. Rowe.
C7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thurs-
day), at 3:30 o'clock, at her late residence,
1547 Taylor strrf-t.
"SCHMEHL— In this city, April 25, IMO. Jennie
Schmehl. beloved wife of Henry J. Schmehl.
nnd mother of James O. Masten. a native of
New York, aged 51 years 3 months and 22
days.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, April 24, 1900, A. J.
ilenry beloved son of Henry and Christine
Schneider, brother of Mrs. P. Schneider, Mrs.
William J. Hackmeier and August Schneider,
and grandson of Mrs. H. Schneider, a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years and 24 days.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1420 Powell street, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment Lau-
rel HIU Cemetery.
BCHNEIDER— In this city, April J4, 1900,
Henry beloved husband of Barbara Schneider,
father of William A. and Fred J. Schneider.
Mrs Tlllle Eging and Edward G. and Henry
G Schneider Jr.. stepfather of Mrs. 11.
Meade. and brother of William, Mathew and
Emlle Schneider. Mrs. G. Huber and Mrs. E.
Harflnger, a native of Bavaria, Germany,
ated 67 years. (New York and Baltimore pa-
pern nlease copy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the 1 parlors
of H F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mlsjlon street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O • F. Cemetery.
TRODDEN— In this city, April 24, 1600. Sarah
Trodden, beloved mother of Mrs. Annie Hal-
loran and Mrs. Sarah McNesby, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 31 years.
(TT-The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 122 Ivy avenue, between Polk street
and Van Ness avenue, thence to St. Ignatius
Church Hayes ttreet. where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her Soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
VALLK-T? C tnl2'city. April 25. TO. Victorine
Valle beloved mother of Pierre Valle, mother-
in-law of Mrs. P. Valle, and grandmother of
Joseph. Marguerite. Rene .Louis and Marie
Valle, a native of. Marseilles, France, aged
84 years.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full? Invited to attend the .funeral to-morrow
fFridav) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
THE monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association and for the parents and
relatives of the living members will be sung
in St. Dominic's Church this day (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock.
$innn_riNE :o-acre ranch: IrvW garden lari;
goo-1 house; ham full nf hay: fin- horse.
'•'ißgy; 100 rhlck* ns nnd farming tools, etc.:
faro ./! C : mile to station.
• learance Fale; TAc. en the SI: ?s fine lm-
i. I Py p ' far!lls 'a prices raiißing from $1000 to
$20,008 t-arh; they be!cng to a hank an<l are
ordered hoU nrlthin sixty flays at v appraised
easy ;erms; freight ;o S. F. 51 a ton;
'*.r.*-^. r .*-^ '' a " IcT full r"inted ilfsorintlon.
$i.A-Nice in-ficre horn.-, on R. I:.; nice land;
seme oak tr^-es; payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO:. C4O Market Bt.
A SPLENDID bargaln-Fcr sale tf> close an
«tate, popular r«sort in Santa Cruz moun-
tains: accommodates 100 people; 25 acres
crapes. 30 choice fruit. 45 hay and COO heavy
§*aw timber; boating, bathTng and flshinr-
SSf^r**!" 1 *- WESTERN LAND COMPANY.'
*40 Market st.
A ££F RA<I ? r-er-onal knowledge-each of the
30u.J ranrhe.: r. n my PALE AND EXCHANGE
list. N. D. SICKELS-the LAND AGENT—
10 -Gear>- st.
A ir.v. cf our many snaps:
S:r..i!S urrifiht $3;
ISaMer «iprisbt: ep-c:al nnap """" J9O
hteck ujjrlelit: excellent 250
H:rr:;:ig upright, fine U;
Ycse upriarfct; wßinut
Hasy r*.vraents; ptano* for rent. UE.SJ
1 IRTAZ & BOX. 1C OFarrel! St.; Chickerir-
agency.
ROSINANTE, IN
A HARD DRIVE
FROM MY GYPSY
Diminutive Filly Beaten a
Neck in Record Time
at Oakland.
In. one of those hair-raising finishes for
which she is famous tho chestnut mare
Koslnante downed diminutive My Gypsy
a neck for the mile and a quarter event
at Oakland yesterday, equaling at the
same time the coast record of 2;ij6 for the
distance. While the beaten filly, as well
as The Fretter, received stanch support
in the ring:, the big bettors sent Rosin
ante to the post favorite. Coffey's mare
showed more early speed than usual and
with the exception of being jostled on the
backs tretch by Twinkler played in good
racing luck. My Gypsy struck the stretch
in front, but Ranch failed to snug up to
the rail, which fact Fauntleroy. on the
first choice, took advantage of and in a
highly exciting drive earned the decision
by a short neck. It was the only really
close thing of the day.
The talent nepa rated Itself from quite fi
bunch of coin over the defeats of Ella
Boland. Follow Me. Almoner and Oppo
nent, all selected ones In the betting. The
attendance was up to the average, with
no scarcity of coin in the bookmakers'
realm.
Ella Boland made a very poor showing
against May Gertrude in the opening five
and a ha!f furlong trip. The first named
filly closed a 7 to 10 chance and was beat
en in a common gallop by "Jim" Nealon's
sprinter, away to a running start.
Illllouon, from the Elmwood farm string,
took the two-year-old dash. Follow Me,
the favorite, quit be/ore the wire was
hardly in sight, losing by a couple of
lengths. With more luck Billy Lyons,
which ran third, could have won.
Of the eleven platers starting in the five
furlong-, all age spin. Almoner looked
about the most eligible, which caused him
to be installed favorite. Not overburdened
with speed and weakly ridden by Holmes,
both Reina de Cuba and Miss Soak fin
ished ahead of. the first choice. Nine and
ten to one were possibilities one time
about the winner.
Billy Maerane's useful colt Tuthill made
his company in the fifth number look very
cheap. A legitimate 3 to 5 chance. 6 to 5
was laid against him because Stuart had
the mount. Cue, a horse almost totally
blind, was touted about, receiving some
backing, as Willie See rode him. He
finished a close third to the favorite and
Proclamation.
Opponent enjoyed first call in the bet
ting on the last race. Johnny Woods
"booted" the Coffey entry, getting to the
stand in time to be led out two lengths hy
Wyoming. The winner was 7 to 2 at post
time.
Track Notes.
The stewards of the Western Turf As
sociation will meet again this evening at
the Palace Hotel. Denny Lynch will he
present and the charges mad? against
Joe PiSßOtt by Jockey Hennessy will
probably be Riven an airinp.
Eddie Ames carried off the riding- hon
ors at Oakland by piloting a pair of win
ners. ¦; .
Th* well known turfite and clubman.
Pc Courw?y Korbt-s of New York, left for
home on Tuesday's overland.
To-Day's Entries.
First r?ce— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward; selling:
Moscow 80y....121i 1117 San Augustine. l'K
1144 Aunt Bird m MO St. Aignon 196
1137 LUzella 119 1123 Harry Corby...lf'3
152 Irritator 121* 1109 Hohenlohe l^J
1054 Wick Wick 121| SW Nora Ives 101
Te.xarkana 121 IH3 Fashion Plate.. lol
Second race— Mile anil « sixteenth; four-year
olds ami upward; selling:
Ul2S)Ace 1W 1110 Storm King 11™
1134 Glengaber 103 1145 Dr. Marks 10*
99S Penora Caesar.. 1«W Illfi Rapido l'^>
1134 t'oda 104!(112«»Ldy Mfil'esome.l'U
1123 Henry C 1W l'^ 9 Alvero 1M
112 1 ) Terrene 1^ ! U34 Mary Klnsella.-lOt
ThiM ract- — Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:
(llSn)Bernota 1011 113S Scotch 8e11e.... S»i
1135 Intrepldo %l II.V Moonbrlght ....104
1145 Thornwlld 99 113S DMerot 100
113S Klngstelle 96 1130 Andrattus 96
Fourth rare— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
1122 Sugden 1"?! 10f>3 Regeloner 112
1144 Oarando 102 10."0 Bogus Bill 95
1144 I>e BUlse 1!2: 11% St. Apollinarls.ilO
1137 Jael 110 1129 Bamboulia W
1151 Proclamation ..103! 1105 Aluminum 107
1127 Mountebank ...1031 1111 Araasa 112
Fifth race— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
and upward; Golden Gate Handicap:
1017 Ollnthus 100 908 .Mm Brownell... M
1112 La Goleta 109 1111 Theory I'M
1114 Dr £heppard...Hs 1131 Good Hope SO
IKiO Constellator ... 94 1132 Mortgage 91
(1061) Headwater 103 (lll'J)Rosormonde ...103
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward: selling:
(ir>6l) Headwater 10S ] in* Dona tor lni
(1133)Formero 109 1 1141 Petal lor.
10<V> JUigle Jingle... 9&Ull4«)Imp. Mistral lI. W
1137 Horton 103 (11!7)Captive ...in
1133 Moringa I<Ml 1146 Pat Morrlssey..KU
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Nora Ives. Moscow Boy, Hohcn
lohe. • S -':V' V
Second race— Lady Meddlesome, Mary Kln
aella, Rapido.
Third race— Diderot, Bernota. Intrepidn.
Fourth race— Sugden, Bamboulia. Amaaa.
Fifth race — Rosorpionde, I^a Goleta. Head
water.
Sixth race— Headwater. Captive. Mistral 11.
VAN" NESS aye.. SI4 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
-card; furnished cad i^fur^lsJjei: J3O.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
¦ Wednesday, April 25.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, H hours
from Nanaimo.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School."
Telephone South 80.
NOTlCE— Cremation. ODD FELLOWS' CEME-
TERY ASSOCIATION. San Francisco. Cal. If
the deceased was a member of a society or
of any organization having a presiding offi-
cer and tecretary the charge for cremation
and a copper receptacle for the ashes Is $30.
The same charge to members of the family
of such deceased. GEORGE R. FLETCHER,
Euscrlntendent.
MOnr"N rew nrt'stic rorcplete home of II
tro'-m* I bath*: Sfiner st.. near Broadway.
THE MeCAKTHT CO.
DIED.
Augustine. Frank O. Hlmbert." Hans
Bwin. Fritz E. Huber. Edward A.
Blum, I^ehman Jones. Peter P
Boje, airs. Marie Kilborn. Augustine
Cantrell. Kate L. Krebs, Marie
Carroll. Mary Love. Harry J.
Chard. Mary McCourt. Margaret
Clark. Jubal Martin, Mrs. Bridget
Cotter. Jame* 11. Miller, James
Dlehl. Alvina M. Molus. Albert L.
Dixon. V. alker Nr-al. Oenevieve F.
Dodge, Harriet M. Schmehl. Jennie
C-alther. Anna E. Schneider. A J H
HallicJie. Andrew S. Schneider. Henry
Hayden Kate Trodden, Sarah
Hefty, Mathlas Va'.le, Victorine
AUGUSTINE-In this city. April 24, ISOO. Frank
Oscar Augustine, beloved brpther of Mrs Ph.
«aunr> Mrs. c. Gustavson. Mrs. C. J. Wes-
ter Mrs. J. Hansen and Otto, Amlrew and
Knrl Augustine, a native of Sweden, aged
26 years 2 months and 1 day
. ?p rl f'' !e " ( J« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, corner of Post. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BENN— In Alameda. Arril 25. 1900. Fritz Er-
nest, dearly beloved son of Mrs. Christina
P.enn, and brother of Mrs. Oussle Leavitt. a
native ot Alamerla, aged 21 years and 2
manths.
(CKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
POWELL. ;:i— Light, clean, comfortable rmg.:
suites or singles: running water; gas; reas
Nt'MBER of large sunny rooms for gentlemen-
slo to $&: call for list. 6U Examiner bldg.
O'FARRELL. furnished rooms anl
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
tOAsI DITIsIoN (Kroailliange).
(Thlr J and TownieiidSU.)
)?:43a Bania Cruz Kirirjion for Banta
Crux and FTindpal Way Stations t9:43?
*Bil3a Newark. Ceuteriillf.ManJoae.i'ultoii,
Boulder Crcek,Bauta Ctus and Waj
BUtlona ••!*•*
f3:!sp Newark, Ceutflrvillr. Ban .loan, New
Almadau. Feltua. noiiMer Crpf'.-.
Santa Cinz aa<t TriDcfpal V. «y
Sutloiif flßiSO*
MilSr Newark. San .Tnee. Los Oatos ••:."»«»
«l:!3r Glen-wood. Felton. Santa Cms «H;a»»
fOtST DIVISION (Narrow (iaae*).
( Foot of Mnrkvt. Street.)
CARROLTON. Uof Market, cor. Golden Gate
¦ye.— Sunny corner: well furn.: rrr.s. & offices.
FOURTH. 220— Nice sunny front room; also
LADlES' tfnd gent?' cast-off clothing bought and
¦old. Silverman. SS4 Folsom; tel. Folsora tVU.
INF'>rtMATI')N wanted roncernirig WILLIAM
TJiOMA? or ANDY BOWHEN. nativ«« of
K!itu»>ri«Je. County Leitrim. Ireland. If liv-
ir.g rl«ase artdre^s CHAXtUBB H. GILLC»OLY.
<'arolina. Rhod* Island, box 127.
MAY GARRET, formerly of Santa Cruz, wilt
lie^r something to her advantage by cotn-
munlcatlng with H. W.. &•% IS.2. Call offlre.
FKEE— A bottle of hair tonic to each customer
railing at my hair dressing and manicuring
parlor*. 1U and 313. 997 Market: open *\es.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonaM«" rates; U
jeans' expenrnce. J. B. RAY. 3i" Jensie tt.
55 PHOTOS for $2 rer rfozen ct FOWZEIVS.
IMC Market rt.. n»»r Taylor.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and businees ad-
vice. BiO Market et.. fecor.d floor, room 37.
LEPFRERS Quintonlca Hair Tonic makes the
hair look so fine and glossy; nothing else will;
Sic little. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
A— l GUARANTEE to permanently remove the
most stubborn growth of fuperfluous hair by
electrolysis; call and investigate my treatment
that enlarges anl fully develops the bust and
neck: free treatment this week. MISS ISA-
IX>RE BARRETT. 1207 Market, op. City HalL
ONLY $4 for line 24-inch switches this week.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo 0c | kg. ; neat par-
lors: finest haldrefsing In toNrn. 25c only:
maricurlng. 2>. G. LEDERER. 12Z Stockton.
:..'.. carpeu wove 10 order and for sale; also
( henille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 7C9 Fifth. Oakland.
AX elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic reranants L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st.,
betw*>ea Seventh and Eighth.
CURLED or waved hair ran be quickly obtained
by using Talcott's Curling Fluid: 23c bottle.
t^AST-OFF.clothiTMr, old goM and eilx-er bought;
send r-^'al- COLKMAN'S. -Jiit, Keamy st.
FITS on easy Installments from imDorted or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co..
EJ2 Ketmr rf., between f-'acramento and Cali-
fornia
rLECTRK: lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 100 rooms;
5Se to $1 50 per night; $1 to to $6 per week:
free 'bus and liflggage to and from the ferry.
a. P MORSE, photographer. 260« Pacific aye.
I*t«(»n Pierce and Scott: phon* Stelner 3H?I
FT4MMERIXG oorrected: booklet. J. WHITK-
HOHX. A.M.. Ph.D.. 13jS Linden Ft. Oakland.
IF you wish full ralue for your cast -off cloth-
ing <~all on B. *'oh"Ti. 157 Third : tel. Black 4123.
ALASKA fur rarmentf. hoods, mitts. 1-ather
• rats. If. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Butnm Ft.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NOHTBWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSE3
SAN FRAHGISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
ROI'TIIRIM l'4«iri<' COMPACT.
(fACiriO SKSIItM.)
Trulni leatp >«m<l mr ilur to nrrlf* i»t
(Main line. Fooc of Market Street.)
SIXTH. 12 f -I>ar2" sunny rooTn. lia-ht house-
keepirr: also oilier ro^ms; rent reasonable.
ETEVENSOX. 4CI. rear Sixth— A nice sunny
furnish'' 1 , rorm for housekeeping; all cora-
r!ete. Tunning water.
$2600 INVESTMENT.
Two modf m flats of 5 rooms and bath each:
first-<-lasp condition: Markrt-st. station; pay 1
per cent monthly on investment.
1002 Broadway.' Oakland.
N^E. ISX r.ear Market— 2 sunny bay-window
rms.: modern c<>r. flat; range, bath, tubs; $12.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor fiocr; 2 to 5 rooms; hcusekpg. or otherwise.
PARTNERS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS painter a* partner: American
preferrM: pood ref. Painter. W> Third, r. 19.
NINTH. 23SR-V ; unny suite of 3 rooms; gas
Btove; also single; new^lat.
KEARNY. 223. near Sutter— A front suite. $12;
gas. Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARGE sunny front room, elegantly furnished,
modern; appreciated If seen; very light house-
keeping allowed. 1514 Sacramento, nr. I..irkin.
LEAVEXWORTH. 1521— J or 3 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
MARKET. i'T<— 3 rooms furnishM for house-
\i^y\r.e. SU: '-' unfurnished $«; S. $8.
LARGE rtore, corner Seventh ar.d Natoma;
u*(*d SO yrs. as grocery and saloon; reasonable.
VALENCIA, S?3. ncer Tw^r.ty-flrst— Large ele-
gar.t store; re«r ro^trs: large bes<*Tr.ent.
FOR rent-Elegant rjfires la T. M. G A.
building. Mason ar.d E'.li* n:
HAVES. 451— Four newly furnished rooms and
bath, $1K; also three rooms. $12 00.
NEW* houses for rent; only 4 blocks from Uni-
versity groundp; all the latest Improvements.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley
GLEN PARK ay».. 5. off 12th and Mlssion-3
unfurnished sunny rooms; closet.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
ONE rr.o. free; r.ics itbre with Mvir.g r--oms; $10
fcr < mcs.; wrorth $::>. SPECK & CO.
FART of workshop at icw rent. PtO Mission
ctrett.
FOLSOM, £34— Large sunny bay-window room-
kitchen, closets, bath; everything private; $13-
alcove. $14.
BKRKELEV KUAI. ESTATE.
FINELY furnished house of 12 rooms to let; In
the very choicest part of Berkeley; references
required. MASON & McLENATHEN,
Adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
GOOD Fischer; great Varcain. SCHMITSt IS
McAllister f... next Hiberr.la Bank.
EDDY. 207— Nice furnished large front room,
ga?. bath, cheap; light housekeeping.
A FEW <!ay? only— New pianos, $2 50 per mo.
BCOTT-CUHTAZ PIANO CO.. 550 Hayes st.
Time— H; :23: »i :4S; *i. 1:15%; mile. 1:41H: l'im, 3:n«. Good start. Won first three* driv
ing Winner. . I. t.'offey's eh. m.. by Imp. Charaxus-Ethie. Winner badly bumped on far
turn My Gypsy can step some with lisht \ve!«ht up. Too far for Fretter.
COR. McAllister. 524 Laguna— Handsomely fur-
nishej large sunny front suite. $I<s: al*o mod-
tii fittings for light hskpg.: St. James.
COMPLETELY furnished parlor, two bedrooms
and kitchen: rent only $12, Including water.
Apply at :i:> Second st.
CLEMENTINA. 327— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping: couple only; no other roomers.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2Z2Z— Sunny parlors; al3o~slngfe
room; hreakrast if desired; references.
AIJSOLCTELT the oldest ar.d largest house
west of Chicago (s KOHLKR & CHASE'S.
:•' 2£ n-'i SO O'Farr*H st. ; pianos, organs and
8.21 ether ir.usical instruments of all grades
h- I i^'.ces: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
ihiru: poesibie <sc=e to please ar.d satisfy the
1 : ¦ mr:.
KN.'"E ptanc«: new 6ca'e; new styles. KOH-
I.UH A <^lIAFr. 3^l OFarrell st.
\VE 1.0 not »«I1 poor Manor. ~
RE Lk» tell good j.ianois cheap.
V.'E WANT to rhow you how chean we can
f'!l • tt^>d piaaa. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO
.<* Market ct. '•
J ! -m-VoV 1 -' 1^ a " DECKER & SON, and
J A< KARI»; «'!:h»r crt*" will suit you: thry are
UM best that m^ney wi'.i buy: we wii on pa v-
i..rr.-* if you wish. .MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
Vi »U <AN buy Bi-.y kind ofx musical Instrument
¦ n InsUtllmcntii firm us. MAUVAIS MUSIC
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1300, by H. H. Egbert.)"
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Wednesday. April 23. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and room wanted downtown. Address
box 4"S. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTUV— For Sale
THE Lsparto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country should be looke.l after at once, as this
i*n. i .* of l^' y '' nr t0 arra "X« for tree and
\.ne planting; farms range In sire from 10 to
40 acres and now sold to induce Immediate
Kct.on at low prices and easy terms; home-
teekcrs will !iever regret securing one of these
l-.on;es; no malaria, no frosts; products earll-
,J?* n:ark et; good fociety, good schools (in-
cluding high school): macadamized roads: 2
rallrcad tr.iins dally frcm San Francisco-
water for irrigation when <lc?!red; superior to
Southern California for raising all kinds of
c.trcs fruit, recpr.tly so pronounced by l«ad-
lag^SotJthern California experts; these land?,
vritli the superior, soils and all otlior advan-
tages named, will be (told at prices far below
those ask-d in localities hitherto considered
vrapproachab!" in excellence; there is no more
lndoper.dcnt life than the small diversified
farmers; the farms sold before the panic
IK.-iye beeoiM .ievelrped and arc paying annu-
ally as much as fioo per acre: ycu can leave
£an Fr.in'Mfcco m S a. m. train, have 3 or 4
£££?«£! Esparto, and back to «?»n Frai.clsco
.Vr J . 1 ""-** evening; ycu will find an agent
nt Hctfl Barnes. Esparto, to thow you the
«?/ll!'^ Communicate by Utter with GEO. D.
UPKE. Woodland. Cal.
THE SAN FRANCISCQ GALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1900.
MUSICAL INSTULMENTS.
A> •«¦ rrrr«rr.t the be-t wake of pianc» <n
every grade. :rcm Ftelnway down to low-
priced makes, ar.d as cur Installment ray-
BW.U .ire easier than thos« ot other <Jec>.«
«.• a:^ the iieople ;r Ln i v.l.cm vcu ehould
parchM*rae« J»PH«ht pianos. J6 ra sh . eg Per
month: other r;ar.os $5. $4 and $; p,- -?n . K
fI!::HMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stein wa P v 'DTiie'r.'
...r. »:.^r:.> ar.J Sutler tte.. fcan Krinc«'^:
t .r. Vhlrteer.th end ISroadwav, Oakland '
1147. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furicngs: three-year-old flUiee; purse. $30'>.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO unfurnished rooms for light housekeeping;
reliable man and wife: .must be north of Mar-
kPt st. Box illZ. Call.
Timc-3-16, OiVk; 7-IS. :42H; i'^f. l:07?i- Talr start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner, J. C. Nealon's eh. f.. by El Rio Rey-Sylvla. The favorite waa s»ize<l with a Ctred
feeling very early. "Aiso r.^ns" a poor assortment. Scratched— Gundara 1"2. Antoinetta
K>2. For Freedom IP2. Free Pass 1«2.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet; fafe. reliable; take no other;
f*nd 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mail: at drug-
g'sts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa,
THE Union Oil Co. of California will remove
Its office May 1 to the Mills bldg., rooms
31 and 32. 7th floor.
BAD tenants elected for $4: collections m?de;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. r.530.
SEWING MACHINES AND Sri'l'LlE?.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machl.ie sup-
plies. Standard Agency.- 145 6th:r<l>one Mint 45.
ALL kinrls bought. Fold, exchaiged. rented;
repairlrir at lowest rates. 20." Fourth Et.
1148. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs: selling: maiden 2-year-old colts & geldings: purse. S3
Time— r i. :2J'i; Vi, '-^- Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, C. T,
Boots' eh. c. by Tiger-Oysette. Winner well ridden. But for interference on far turr
Hilly Lyons might hay* scored. Briton ran below form.
111!!. Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse. $3M>.
STORAGE AM) WAREHOUSES^
I'IERCE-ROIKDLPH. StoraW and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
KEKINB Van <»nd Storage Co.. 1310 Market ft.;
tel. South T. 25: packing, moving and *torape.
PACIFIC Ptorage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23.0 FlMmnre «=t.: phone Jackson 2SI.
11."VO. FOURTH RACE— MiIe and a quarter; three-year-olds and upward; pur*e, $400.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RISAI. KSTATE.
tSOO— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny aide of street: 3 blocks from
ctatlrn and school ; terms JICO cash, $10 per
month.
51900— New modern cottage; 3 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walk*, etc.. com-
plete: near station and srhocl; $100 cash, J2O
per month.
JIG^O cash— To close an estate: worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms nnd bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this 1b a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA FLRMSHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED hou?e of 8 or 9 rooms; large
grounds: convenlpnt to station. Box 4635. Call.
1151. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purre. »400.
FIFTH. 221— Sunny front alf-ove room for
housekeeping; clean; respectable.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
FIFTH. 34?— Two nice housekeeping: rooms;
rent cheap.
Time— '4 -25 1 *; >?. :iWi: 3 i, 1:16. Good *tart. Won easily, second and third driving. Win
ner J McCaffery's br. c. by Forilham-OM Mi?s. Winner pounds the best. Cue will do
among cheaper ones. Strongoli pcx-keted^soon after start. Delay at post hurt chances of
Mldlove. i^^ i^^ -^^ i^ >)^ i<<<^ n^ ri^^^^^^^^^ -^^
lloU. KTXTH RACE— One mile: selling: three-year-oMs and upward; purse. %Z:A.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
Time—'*. :25; H.3:M; \. 1:15!4: mile, 1:41. «oo<l start. "Won handily, second ani thiri
driving.- Winner. J. O. Brown & t.'o.'s b. g.. by Pardee-Oaprlce. Wycminff went around his
field. Holmes on Tcrsira thrsw away his chances by making a wide turn Into stretch.
.Scratched— Tirade 106.
OAKI.AM) FIRXISHEI) FL.VTS.
$20— FLAT: 7 rooms; complete for houpekeep-
inK: chs rancp. MS E Fifteenth Ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND I-'UUXITI'HE FOR SALcJ.
AN 'Rtroductlon to yon from H. Schellhaas. ths
furniture draler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and inforn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
Jsc to SI per night; II 25 to (3 per week, and
Il£ht housekeeping; open all night.
A— *rTHß ELMER H<>! T PE.' 324~BuEh~st7TaT
joinir.*- th<* Russ Hotel: M rooms": all prices.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlthed rm«.. suites, single; silso unfurnished.
BI'SH, 1124. corner Hyde— Sunny corner rooms:
lawn, telephone ar,.! all convenii»nro!i; hot
wat»r ani bath-
IJEL.INUIENT AOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER CO.. 228 Market St..
Ban Francisco— Notice.— There Is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied en the 9th day of March,
IK-0. the several amounts eet opposite the-
names cf the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Name — Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Fpreckels.. 1 33,313 1-3 J953 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 60
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. 1&00, so many shares of each parcel of
fji'h as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company, 226 Market street. San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April, 1900, at 3
p. tn. of such day. to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Pery.. 228 Market Kt.
UIVIUEXO NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notlce^Dlvldend So. 104 (50~cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
¦will he payable at the office of the cempany,
Z2~ Market *t.. on and after Tuesday, May 1,
ISOO. Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
April 25. 1300, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. D. K. GIBSON'. Actlni; Secretary.
le4vk — From April 15, 1300. — akkivs
•7:OOa Brnicia. Siiisuu. Elmira. VscaTillo.
RiUD3ey »»<l Ha^imeulo *7t*3p
•Ts«t»\ Shuta Kii'rra»-DmTl», Wiilows.
Ee-1 Bluff, PurCaud »7:«5p
*7>3»a Martinez, San Uainon. Vallejo. Kapa,
CaJUtoga ami Sa-it* Row , *fltl9p
•!l:30« The Overland Ll'i-I'eit— O^den. Den-
ver, Omaha, Chk»S'» »3:13F
«*:::o« San Jose. Lifernioie, •-•¦¦ci:<in 1
lone. Bacraiurut<>. Placrrriile,
M:»ry»tille. fh:co, Keit Illnif HilSf
•¦::!•» *MiUon. Oakdwr. Konora, Carrera... •IjlSp
•«:«»* HnywsrK Nii-s »n-l \V»j Htatinnt. *l 1:1.1*
*9:UOa DaTis. WoodlaQd. KnighU Landing,
Marj»»ilie, (>ro»U>.. *-7:l»f
• 9:OO« Atlantic Kipresa — Offdsn and Kast •11:15*
•fl:O» » Martinez, Tracy. 1-ati.r.. r. Stockton,
M-rcedaiid fc'resno # ia:l3p
•»:•«»» Fort Costi, Krciuo. SJojate »nd I.os
Ai'KelM •«:«3r
• IO:0(»* Vsllrjo. Mutinpz and Way atttiona »O: ir, P
•ll:O».» KUes. Ll»ermore. Stockton, itaera-
msuto, Meudota. IUnT, rJ. VU»IU.
PortenUlc M:l.lp
•I a:<io« Hnjw»r.'». Mies and Way Station*. *»»43f
n:t»'>r Snnrmnißiito Ititer Mtenmem f8s«l»p
•r.:uur lUywardii. NUes mi.t Way Btatlooi. *3t43p
•l:inir MHtinex. Sun lUiuon. Vallejo.
Nspa. «« I 1 »li-t!-. V :i. M«nm Uoia •VilSa
•li«»r n-nioii. Vacavill*. HaerKineuto,
\V...i.|laii<l, KnlvhU I.Alidlni,
MaryßTlHr, Orofille v •!•:«*
•l:3Op NUes, Han June and .Stockton *7:lSr
•s;»Oj>The Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakeraSeM. Baii<tis (ur Sauta Bar-
bara. Loa Anitrlen. •l«i«»
•5:3«p Stocktoo. Men— l. I' rsaito *ISil3r
•3::K»r Frn»iio.l!:*ker»::cl.l. Santa Rurliaia.
I.o* .?•¦g-W-n. Ivxii;.'. £1 Vuo.
New Orleana and Kost •«:1.14
•3:3HpBauU l» Koiite— Atlanlia Exprets
fcr M.ij:iv- u>.\ i:«it ••MAP
¦«:<i»r n>;tudii, Xiles au<t Han Jos* *?f<O«
toi'jor Vi4ii«j<> Mail. it
••>:;i»r Oriental Mail— OgUen, Cheyenne.
llmVna. Chicago •D:-»-1i
*6:30p Ori -util Slall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chicago. Mxl3p
t?:«Or Vall-j-i. 1\ tt Costa and Way ht»-
tlona J»:B3p
•S:Osr Otegonand California Kxiireia.Hao-
r»»i«utn. r-Uin.li>. Ite.MliiK.
rnrtlaixl. r>ig»t Mmn4 aixl Rail *951.1 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fonSIS raiJCISCO— f««t •' Market Sunl [S.it »)—
?7:15 9:00 IIPOi.M. ]I:C3 *2:33 tI:S3
M:! 3 IMS # 8:33r.«.
rrtaOltUHD— r>al«rßM>lwtT.~*tt:OO 8:00 10:0Ol.M.
tW:M •1:23 t2:33 »3:C3 U:C3 *3:C3r.<i.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriapp licenses have i><><>n Issued as follows:
Adam W. Weltc. 41, Grants I'brs, and Cath-
arine .1. Robinson, 41. I>os Angeles.*
Leslie Truitt. 21. :.2<i <"n*tro Ftreet, and Lizzie
Mant-on. 1\ 222 Clinton Park.
Michapl Smith. 43, city, and Maggie Barry,
42. city.
• 'liarlps H. BpscrHirmaTin. 24. fi27 <?reen Btreet,
anil I-Hura Bodlen. 21, 313 Tehama street.
James T. Howe, 4S, city, and Madge Howe,
40, city.
Felix F. D<"?mond. 23. 111"> Pacific Ftr^t, and
Mn.leline J.'ccelli, 21. 3 f'.crk* Ftreet.
Daniel \V. Banks. 22. 1 Fifth *tnv>t, nnd
Ce-tle F. Briand. 17. 1 Fifth street.
Much J. CoFbiP. 2:., ZGV± Clementina street,
and Mary .1. Lynch, i!.'>, 1381 Church street.
Charles E. Lura*. 4', 225 T.hird nvenue, and
Bcrtlia H. Haney, 33. 220 Third avenue.
Emanuel M. I{olf, 33, city, and Matilda W.
J*>rred. ?2, city.
Moritz 5?. city, and Bertha Craner,
4«. city.
E. Felt, 26, Tesla. and Frances Llbby,
20. Tosla.
Ferril C. Nlckle, 22, 915 Eddy street, and Ella
f=. Fowler. 33, 1214 Laguna street.
POWELL. €17— Nirely furnished eulte; use of
kitchen; no children.
RO.SEDALE House. Sl9 & 321 Ellis et.— Rooms,
night. 20c to Jl; week. Jl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL* HOUSE. 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading ro<»m. smcklng room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. ?.5c to $150: week, {2
to $S; month. JS to S2O; elevator en office floor;
rocms with hct and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Hcu;e. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rctisserif) — Nicely
furnished rooms from Jl2 to $33.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
BORN.
BENT— In this city, April 23, 1900, to tb« wife
cf Louts Deny, a Bon.
CHARMAK— In Woodland. April 22. 1300, to the
wife of Sol Charmalt, a dauehter.
HANSEN— In Routh San Francisco, April 23,
1900. to th» wife of Carl Hansen; a daughter.
HARRISON— In this city. April 23, 1900. to the
wife of Edward C. Harrison, a daughter.
MOSEBACH-ln this city. April 18, 1500. to the
wife rf F. C. Mosehaoh Jr.. a daughter.
W , H J, TE ~ ln South Francisco. Asrll 23.
r.'P9. to the wife of .lames F. White, a son.
TEHAMA. 44— Two housekeeplr.r room?.
THE Astor. 1120 Market— Electric bells, llghti;
elegant rew furniture: Flncle. ruites; trans't.
MARRIED.
MESSERSCHMIDT — DIEHL —In this city.
April !1. WOO, by the Rev. J. (i. Mangold,
Anton Meszerschmlrit and Lizzie Dlehl.
TKUITT-MANSON-In this city. April 25. 190<\
«t St. Lukes Church, by the Roy. W. A. M.
Breok, l>-8l!e Trultt and Liszie Manson. both
fif Snn Frar.rlsoo.
THE OAKF. H9 Third— A r<-o4 rooming hou.*e
fcr rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TWELFTH. 142— One nice sunny furnished
TWO unfurnished rooms with running water;
rent reasonable. Apply 51 Natcma Ft.
ROOMS AND HOAUD.
A FAMILT havirs a large, well 'appointed
and .refined home wishes to secure a few
couples to board and room; first-clas* In every
r*iticular; references required. Address box
3454. Call office.
i A-FIRST-CLABS family hotel. The Brsdbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices moderate: 2 car lir.es pass uotel:
elevitor; telephone ll yd* 2771. 1604 California
ct ; corner Polk, near Van .Vess aye.
BELCUAVIA Hotel. Polk ar.d Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms: superior board: J25 up.
HOTEL CLAIKMONT. 61i Taylor— Renovated;
BBlt«s and eln*!e rroi: eunny; excellent tatile.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and F.ddy; changed
har.df; tborouchly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALM.AS. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; privates bath: Fin, rms.tiward optional.
OVK furnished room and board. Apply Twen-
ty-fourth and Florida «t?.
POWFLL~ f24-?2S (The Her!sre«)— l>arpe sunny
roomf: marine view; rrcellent board: reas'ble.
TO let— Double and-!>!nBle front rooms; board
If desired. 547 Howard Ft.
11
I oenin
Irul
[109
110
'4;
112
iox. Horee.
l'S> May Gertri
93) Klla Bolan
J8 Nettle «Ma
.. Katie Wol
J4 Enjoyment
23 Lobo&ina .
.. Abliyleix ]
v.
nd
t .
•1»
1 ..
k .
¦ott
J\}>
eight. |St.
IP2| 1 .
?..10*1 3
....106| 4
....105! S
....102! -'
....102i s
....106; 6
_i*
ii
hi
s 5
6 4
V '.'
5 4
4 3
ft 1
7 4
Btr.
1 3
2 5
4 2
5 5
«3-
75
Fi
1 :
2 ;
3 •
4. •
5 1
c
7 1
10
4
4
n
1 •
8 ¦
1
I Bui
Th(
Lei
Jockey.
ichauan ...
inch
lomaj
nes
>rse ........
we
etro .......
lOp. (
.. 3-: :
.. 3-5 7-
.. 50 1
.. SO 1
so :
2ft
.. 50 ;
Cl
M
10
IS
to
(
.. Ar.lta R ..
...102! 7
it
.rvlcx.
HOI
rse.
215
1
'Sj
St.
H
H
%
str.
: iop
11!3 1111
1110 Fol
1130 Ell
HSrt Xl
Uouor
>llow
Uy 1..:
T'ilo
n
•y
¦it
l ..
Me
rons
2
1 h
12
4 2
wmin .
Shields,
lz
if»« ...
5
4
S
a
ll.vj r.i
HIS Ph
S4« Ric
i no
ill Br
chart]
an?c
S
•:,n
l.iv.
1130 Tin
lornw
4
I
.... Th.
1110 Brl
lton
f«se:
to
La
aw.
1..v
lM.ni
I
ndex. Horse. Age
JVeigl
;ht.|St.
_J4
H
__?*_
Str.
Fin. I
<ej
_|Op._
044 Reina de Cv
109 Miss Soak. 5.
R?3 Almoner. 4 ..
056 Milo Melo, <
131 Mahogany, a
C 67 Flambeauett<
123 Tourist 11. 4
>..
i.
i
c,
1..
i. 4...
4....
.115| fi
.115 2
.113 3
.iisi ;
•IJO 1
.120! 4
2 t
3 ;
1 h
6 h
4 J,i
7 1
82
1 3 |
2n
3 4 I
* »i
5 2
R h
71 I
I Ames ..
J. I>aly.
! Holmes
\V. See
H. Stua
Dietro .
jDin^ley
T
5
J-S
40
100
13ft
T
so
.'.. Lion "tlOr. 4.
109 Dperfoot, *5 .
»
07* My Dear, 4..
007 Mainstay, a
ilia, Irf
.11*! !•#
•ft
Ruiz ..
H. Shio
15....
IS
s
Id
udex. Horse. -Z 1
\\>
sight. |
Ist.
8
_%_
Str.
Fin.
*_:
11
(1(
(li
112 Rosinante,
OSS) My Gypsy
14.".) Twlnkler.
• 6.
r. 3.
. 5..
....I*)!
.... 81
! 4
f
*},
9
t*>
iv
s-:
8-C
At
3 1
1
2^
132 The Frett.
4.
*
I
« 5
!»-.-»
.119 MorinH. 5
?..10S
S
.. .1.«
:
>> 4
8.»
IS3 Pan \ rnai
ndex. Hoi
Age
c. \V
ight.jSt.
v
is
%
Str. Fin.
|Op.
Cl.
10.14 Tuth
1127 Prod
3...
atloi
I 2
rt.
»-5
8
10
SI Sh
1123 Tue.
993 Ptron
3.
i. V.
...lOSill
..111 S
A"
4h 4 1
8
8
12
1021 M'dlc
4...
-!?? i
la.
«
I'M.", Hkirn
ls>h,
••"?; ¦:
list Glen
11S.1 U B.
\nr
Mi- 1
i:i(B{io
'Hozemar
ißuchana
..I 20
••! A
••%
SS7 Tibui
¦¦ «
1111 I Do
Knc
ow, l
•• *>
1»
I03S) fand
1
3 ...
er
.... J. D(
12
12 i;
i»x. Hoi
irs
Ag
Weißi
;^i
U
!i
Str.
Fin, t
I Joe
kgy.
!Op.
>p._
>.
ca.
112'
11 1!
JS Wyoi
is r>iit)o
a....
:l::^
\
« M
5
4
3 2
2 1
3^
2
?.'
!4> Torsi
J?
4 2
sv
.108
• H
•:-
¦«'
13 Kxpe
<!» Cas.l
ie
to Snola
IT Roya
9K Ini-Ai
ii
;.. invei
X Rio i
. :••;•
I
ndex. Horse. Age
JVeigl
;ht.|St.
_J4
H
__?*_
Str.
Fin. I
<ej
_|Op._
044 Reina de Cv
109 Miss Soak. 5.
R?3 Almoner. 4 ..
056 Milo Melo, <
131 Mahogany, a
C 67 Flambeauett<
123 Tourist 11. 4
>..
i.
i
c,
1..
i. 4...
4....
.115| fi
.115 2
.113 3
.iisi ;
•IJO 1
.120! 4
2 t
3 ;
1 h
6 h
4 J,i
7 1
82
1 3 |
2n
3 4 I
* »i
5 2
R h
71 I
I Ames ..
J. I>aly.
! Holmes
\V. See
H. Stua
Dietro .
jDin^ley
T
5
J-S
40
100
13ft
T
so
.'.. Lion "tlOr. 4.
109 Dperfoot, *5 .
»
07* My Dear, 4..
007 Mainstay, a
ilia, Irf
.11*! !•#
•ft
Ruiz ..
H. Shio
15....
IS
s
Id
udex. Horse. -Z 1
\\>
sight. |
Ist.
8
_%_
Str.
Fin.
*_:
11
(1(
(li
112 Rosinante,
OSS) My Gypsy
14.".) Twlnkler.
• 6.
r. 3.
. 5..
....I*)!
.... 81
! 4
f
*},
9
t*>
iv
s-:
8-C
At
3 1
1
2^
132 The Frett.
4.
*
I
« 5
!»-.-»
.119 MorinH. 5
?..10S
S
.. .1.«
:
>> 4
8.»
IS3 Pan \ rnai
I oenin
Irul
[109
110
'4;
112
iox. Horee.
l'S> May Gertri
93) Klla Bolan
J8 Nettle «Ma
.. Katie Wol
J4 Enjoyment
23 Lobo&ina .
.. Abliyleix ]
v.
nd
t .
•1»
1 ..
k .
¦ott
J\}>
eight. |St.
IP2| 1 .
?..10*1 3
....106| 4
....105! S
....102! -'
....102i s
....106; 6
_i*
ii
hi
s 5
6 4
V '.'
5 4
4 3
ft 1
7 4
Btr.
1 3
2 5
4 2
5 5
«3-
75
Fi
1 :
2 ;
3 •
4. •
5 1
c
7 1
10
4
4
n
1 •
8 ¦
1
I Bui
Th(
Lei
Jockey.
ichauan ...
inch
lomaj
nes
>rse ........
we
etro .......
lOp. (
.. 3-: :
.. 3-5 7-
.. 50 1
.. SO 1
so :
2ft
.. 50 ;
Cl
M
10
IS
to
(
.. Ar.lta R ..
...102! 7
it
.rvlcx.
HOI
rse.
215
1
'Sj
St.
H
H
%
str.
: iop
11!3 1111
1110 Fol
1130 Ell
HSrt Xl
Uouor
>llow
Uy 1..:
T'ilo
n
•y
¦it
l ..
Me
rons
2
1 h
12
4 2
wmin .
Shields,
lz
if»« ...
5
4
S
a
ll.vj r.i
HIS Ph
S4« Ric
i no
ill Br
chart]
an?c
S
•:,n
l.iv.
1130 Tin
lornw
4
I
.... Th.
1110 Brl
lton
f«se:
to
La
aw.
1..v
lM.ni
ndex. Hoi
Age
c. \V
ight.jSt.
v
is
%
Str. Fin.
|Op.
Cl.
10.14 Tuth
1127 Prod
3...
atloi
I 2
rt.
»-5
8
10
SI Sh
1123 Tue.
993 Ptron
3.
i. V.
...lOSill
..111 S
A"
4h 4 1
8
8
12
1021 M'dlc
4...
-!?? i
la.
«
I'M.", Hkirn
ls>h,
••"?; ¦:
list Glen
11S.1 U B.
\nr
Mi- 1
i:i(B{io
'Hozemar
ißuchana
..I 20
••! A
••%
SS7 Tibui
¦¦ «
1111 I Do
Knc
ow, l
•• *>
1»
I03S) fand
1
3 ...
er
.... J. D(
12
12 i;
i»x. Hoi
irs
Ag
Weißi
;^i
U
!i
Str.
Fin, t
I Joe
kgy.
!Op.
>p._
>.
ca.
112'
11 1!
JS Wyoi
is r>iit)o
a....
:l::^
\
« M
5
4
3 2
2 1
3^
2
?.'
!4> Torsi
J?
4 2
sv
.108
• H
•:-
¦«'
13 Kxpe
<!» Cas.l
ie
to Snola
IT Roya
9K Ini-Ai
ii
;.. invei
X Rio i
. :••;•Je«se Slocre "A A" whiskey is called for
every where. It is the drink of the people. .
Dfl-tiALL'S fiELNYIGORATORI^^
Five hundred reward fur any S^T'^ES
case we canr.ut cure. This secret IP** *ff
remedy stops all losses In 14 1 -IP
hours, cures Emissions, im^ lfc« W&
tency. Vartcocele. GonorrhoeT rtti Mfl
«l~t. Fits. Strictures. £« %£j Us 4
Manhood and all wasting e.-£cTs JSsLJIS
of self-nbuse or excesses. Sent r -* —^^»j
asssas
hHlliTfc.. B.la Broadway Oaklanrl r--»l Klact
for sale, at 1073H Market Tat sF AH prlvaw
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book
SO YOU WANT A CURE?
A^ g Catarrh,
g^kiS Deafness,
r-> S V"^* 3KOISES IN EARS. THROAT
« ofT"* I us « m >* NEW ANTISKPTIC
nz.^'Jff ¦ trc * t 7 ie » lt - c'ves no pain
£=/i ;or irjury. Ir. 2500 te« c«*t»
:S; v / /54 . rv « r ¦ I*"" cp "t cured. Hun-
¦*ZT/ L^C% • of letters cf endor«e-
§Sar .«59j. •• I in^r.tF.
r*Ts*' CPPP An h^n^t trial or
»&. r i '*»4"4^ rivtC on* vr*rii Riv<*n to
'J^_ IITxgSS '¦ ebow the eui>erlor merit of
M SSS-r^s>S SS- r^5> thi " n *" u ' treatment. Do n<-,t
i?V4P*«fflP'^ > conduced cf a cure. Call
i* t .'owe^gy^-yj et once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
JJOUas-s-12 a. ».. J-J an<J 7-8 xn xa.
Bet on His English.
Joseph Sava, a shoemaker of HI Minna
street, was convicted of petty larceny in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday. Manuel
S. Rosa, another shoemaker, was in
Sava's shop Tuesday evening and the two
urgued as to Sava's ability to write
English. A bet was made, Rosa
putting up $10 and Sava $20. The latter
wrote some English words and then
grabbed the money. He will be sentenced
to-day.
CASH-OR-LITTIiE-AT-A-TLMB.
\ A Full Line ol / <
\ .•Office.. /
y)esks./
Send 5 cts \ - /
In Stamps \ #.*£ t
for Postage \^^X -An
for New \ X Extenatv.
furnltura \f Ua* at
Catalog. V A n p^ces.
i|T| . ...I, ii ¦'¦?
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
iOf7 - /033 M/S9JOI STREET,
ABOVE SIXTH.
tint Sonth 1«. g w TnU(AKX
Inez Lancey's Nemesis Punished.
John Charest. the butcher who has
been for a long time making life miser
able for Inez Lancey, a young woman liv
ing'on Seventh street, was yesterday sen
tenced by Judge Mogan to pay a nne of
»90 with the alternative of ninety, days. A
week ago he was sentenced by Judge Con
lan to pay a fine of $100 for carrying a
concealed weapon. , .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lord Beresford's Hat Sold to a Peddler
A shiny silk stovepipe hat consigned to
Lord Charles Beresford was among the
articles sold yesterday at auction at the
United States Appraiser's store. The pur
chaser was a peddler named J. Solomons,
who became its owner for the ridiculously
small and unaristocratic price of $2 75. t
The historic tile was brand new from a
London shop. When it arrived here Its
titled owner had gone away and It was
held for duty. It was appraised at $10,
home value, and $16 with the duty paid.
Chauncey St. John would have robbed the
descendant of King Solomon of the glory
of buying the hat, but it was too small
for Chauncey. . .. V
3-Day Specials!
THURSDAY, FBIDAT, SATURDAY.
NOTHING UNWORTHY AND UNRE-
LIABLE GOES FROM HERE. FOR
THE REASON THAT WE SEE TO IT
THAT NOTHING UNWORTHY AND
UNRELIABLE EVER ENTERS OUR
STORE.
Hams, per Ib 14c
Choicest Eastern.
Rei<ularly V>*±c.
ideal Breakfast Mush, 4 pkgs. .25c
Excels all others. Made from the choicest
Sonora white wheat; cooks quick.
Regularly 3 for 23c.
0 X Whiskey, Jbot 75c, 3 bots- -S2
Gallon 53.00
A thoroughly matured old Bourbon Whisky.
Regularly SI 00 and 14 CO.
Creamery Butter, 2 squares*.* 6sc
Baked Beans, 2-lbcan 10c
Armour"! celebrated brand of Pork and
Beans.
Regularly 15c.
Italian Vermouth, bot ...55c
Martini Sc Rossi brand.
Regularly 60c.
Sugar Wafers, tin. 20c
llit up In Dre»3en. Germany. Vanilla,
Lemon. Raspberry and Strawberry flavor.
CoFfeeT r; 'ldealßlend f ' f21b5..55cf 2lbs..55c
This delicious Coffee is regularly told at
85c per pounri.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old numbtr It Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 65.1
DEMOCRATS ARE
PREPARING FOR
THE CAMPAIGN
State Executive Committee
Will Meet Next
Monday.
Surmise That the Gallaghers Will
Make a Special Effort to Retain
Control of the Central
Organization.
>
The executive committee of the Demo,
cratlc State Central Committee will meet
at the California Hotel next Monday.
The members of the executive body are:
Seth Mann, chairman; James H..
Budd. James D. Phelan, W. H. Alford,
J. J. Dwyer, C. C. Wright, J. H. Seawell,
M. F. Tarpey, R. M. Fitzgerald, A. Cara
inetti. J. L. Gallagher, Charles XV. Fay,
J. C. McKlnstry, Charles M. Cassln. W.
H. Devlin and C. O. Dunbar.
Topics relating to the next State con
vention of the party will be discussed.
Doubtless a formal call for delegates to
assemble at Sacramento will be framed
for submission to the general committee,
which will meet In this city on May 5. The
question of apportionment will come up
for consideration.
There Is one point In which there may
be a division of sentiment. Several Demo
cratic leaders are in favor of placing in
the call a provision which will require the
convention to select a new State Central
Committee. Other statesmen fancy that
the convention should not be instructed
in this regard.
It Is surmised in political circles that the
Gallaghers, who managed the Maguire
campaign of 1698, are anxious to retain the
reins of party management. Consequent
ly agitation in favor of a new committee
excites their displeasure. It Is probable
that the convention to choose eighteen
delegates to the Kansas City natlonnl
convention will be held early In June. The
Gallagher programme Is to say nothing
of the State Central Committee' at the
early convention, but to Tefer the subject
to the convention which must assemble
In September to nominate Presidential
electors. When the proposition is brought
before the September convention objection
will be raised on the ground that no radi
cal change should be made in the middle
of the campaign.
The Democrats are not manifesting a
great deal of concern in, political affairs.
It seems to be regarded" as an accepted
fact that Bryan will be the nominee of
the Kansas City convention. The Gal
laghers will be as heartily for Bryan as
they were for Maguire. Politicians in the
party, however, call to mind that the Gal
laghers in the campaign of IS9B gave most
of their time to the worship of Maguire
and neglected the simplest affairs of party
organization. Maguire was placed on a
pedestal. He was exalted as the ideal
statesman. The committee consulted Ma
guire. The Gallaghers, when they found
it convenient, told the Democratic voters
how Mr. Maguire would like to have the
campaign conducted. The management
ran along In this fashion until Democrats
began to speak of the State Central Com
mittee as the suicide club. It Is appre
hended at this time that the Gallaghers,
if .allowed free swing, may place Bryan
on the Maguire pedestal and repeat the
stupid blunders of 189 S.
POLICE UNABLE
TO LOCATE THE
LONE FOOTPAD
Captain Seymour Believes
That He Is a Victim of
Dime Novels.
Detectives Swarm the Western Ad
dition in the Hope of Catch
ing Him While at
Work.
The lone highwayman who has been ter
rorizing the Western Addition Is still at
large. The police have been unable to se
cure the slightest clew that might lead to
his Identity. Referring to the case, Cap
tain of Detectives Seymour said;
"I think the fellow Is crazy. His actions
while holding up a victim show that he
Is mentally weak. I am satisfied that
when we land him he will prove to be a
pervert, whose mind has become unbal
anced through reading dime novels and
other trashy literature."
Last night a number of detectl\'es and
policemen in citizens' clothes were falling
over each other In the Western Addition,
all anxious to capture the robber. They
were specially Instructed not to take any
chances with him, as it is believed that
he will not hesitate to shoot In case he
Is cornered: Captain Seymour compares
the recent hold-ups with those committed
by a Swede named Peterson. Peterson
was a constant reader of dime novels.
After studying the exploits of Captain
Kidd the famous pirate of fiction. Peter
son resolved to emulate him. Buying a
cheap revolver and some cartridges he
started out on his career of crime. After
holding up a number of citizens and cre
ating a reign of terror he ran afoul of
Policeman Duff, who with nearly all the
available members of the department was
out looking for him. Duff saw the fellow
hold up a citizen. After he had relieved
him of his valuables he quietly walked up
to him and showing his star told him he
was under arrest. Peterson promptly
drew his revolver and fired at the officer.
the bullet striking him in the calf of the
leg. Before he had a chance to shoot
again Duff, who had fallen to the ground,
managed to draw his pistol, and pointing
it at the robber fired. The bullet struck
him in the forehead, killing him instantly.
A search of Peterson's room revealed a
large quantity of cheap novels, which he
had been In the habit of reading. It was
afterward ascertained that prior to be
coming a bold robber he was a hard work-
Ing fellow.
The methods employed by the Western
Addition burglar. Captain Seymour says,
are not those of an experienced criminal.
Chief of Police Sullivan, realizing that
the robber would not hesitate to commit
murder, sent for Captains Wittman and
Spl'.lane yesterday and had them give him
a list of their best men. When they ap
peared at police headquarters at 5 o'clock
last evening they were given a descrip
tion of the highwayman and Instructed to
arrest him. Special Instructions were
given to the officers to shoot him the In
stant he attempted to reach for his re
volver.
DID THRIVING
BUSINESS IN
STOLEN GOODS
Charles Barbue Under Ar
rest for Robbing His Em
ployer's Warehouse.
Accused of Taking Wagon Loads of
Stored Furniture and Disposing
of It to Second-Hand
Dealers.
Charles P.arlvue. recelvin ? cierK ano
head warehouseman of tht Sterling Fur
niture Storage Company, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and ODea
He is accused of selling furniture sent tc
the company's warehouse by the Indian
apolis Furniture Company. Barbue de
clares that he Is innocent. Part of the
Ftolen furniture has been recovered. Ac
cording to the story told by Hamilton
Page of the Indianapolis Furniture Com
pany, his concern, about seven or eight
¦redes ago. sent a lot of furniture to the
Sterling Company. Last week a pawn
broker, who does business on Mission
street, near Fifth, inquired for a cabinet
ot a peculiar pattern. Mr. Page remem
bered that such an article had been in
stock- The fact came out that it had been
sent to the Sterling warehouse, but it
could not be found there.
In the meantime the pawnbroker's wife
made eimilar inquiries of the Indianapolis
Company. She secured information as to
the price of the article. That was all she
desired, for the cabinet had at that time
bf-^n offered for sale to her husband.
The loss led Mr. Page to order an in
ventory of all his company's goods In the
Sterling warehouse. This revealed, that
nearly $000 worth of furniture was miss
ing.
John H. Wilson of the storage company
refused to believe that the articles had
b<»en received ;»t the warehouse and In
sinuated that the loss had taken place by
reason of the acts of one of the employes
of the furniture company.
Tho case was placed in the hands oj
the detectives, and they located some ol
fh» micc'ntr ¦iri'^l^c In ? Vi « .1-.-.. r.f <V.,
A WOMAN in black, who gave her
name as Alice Horgan, applied to
Judge Mogan yesterday for pro
tection from the wrath of Annie
Clarke, an acquaintance. She claimed
that Annie had already assaulted her and
had threatened to finish the job later on
with a bottle of vitriol and a popgun. The
cause of the belligerent attitude of the
Clarke woman was not explained. Mrs.
Hogan vowed that she could assign no
reason for the attack, but it is believed
to be the outgrowth of a rival for the af
fections of the same young man.
"I am in fear of my life," she said.
"My name is Alice Horgan. I have been
married, but am now a widow. I am at
tending a business college, and on the
way to my home at 30S Sixth street yes.
terday afternoon a woman accosted me.
I recognized her as Annie Clarke, whom I
had known for years. I thought she was
in Nevada City and was astonished to
find her here.
"She seemed to be crazy, and as I greet
ed her pleasantly she struck me a vio
lent blow on the face, knocking me down.
She tore my silk waist into ribbons and
kicked me viciously wniie I was on the
ground. She said she would kill me and
would throw vitriol In my face. She act
ed like a fury. I shouted for help and
she ran away. She had no motive what
ever for attacking me and she must be
out of her mind. I have known her for a
number of years and we were always
friends."
The warrant was issued. An ofHcer was
detailed to walk behind Mrs. Horgan yes
terday as she was returning from college
in the hope that Miss Clarke would at
tempt to carry out her threats. The wo
man, however, did not make her appear
ance. Mrs. Horga.n is certain she will at
tempt to kill her.
STRUGGLED FOR
LIFE, BUT DEATH
WAS TRIUMPHANT
After Weeks of Lingering
Illness Miss Kate Can
trell Passes Away.
Was Accidentally Asphyxiated at
Her Parents' Home and Re
mained Unconscious Until
the End Came.
>
After two weeks of lingering sickness,
In which she never once regained con
sciousness. Miss Kate Cantrell died yes
terday morning at the home of her father,
1216 Larkin street. On the morning of
April 13 Miss Cantrell was found In bed
gasping for breath. The gas had been
partially turned on, but a window of the
room was slightly opened.
The night previous Miss Cantrell had
retired early. It was the custom of her
mother to awaken her every morning at
8 o'clock. Knocking at her daughter's
door, she received no response. The smell
of gas heightened the suspicions of some
grave accident. Mr. Cantrell was called
and he battered down the door. Dr.
Pring, the family physician, was sum
moned and he was in attendance until the
time of death.
Two days after the accident the effect
of the gas seemed to wear off, but the
young woman lapsed Into a comatose con
dition from which she never recovered.
Pneumonia due to the gas poisoning and
the weak condition of Miss Cantrell de
veloped later on.
The family scout all thought of suicide.
The young woman was always in the
highest spirits and had no mental trou
ble of any kind. On the mantelpiece in
her room were found two theater tickets
for a performance that evening. Presents
for her nieces and nephews were also dis
covered in the room.
When Dr. Pring arrived he could hardly
detect the odor of gas and thinks there
must have been v very small volume of
carbon monoxide in the room. Miss Can
trell was subject to a peculiar kind of
somnolence, often falling asleep at unex
pected times and being aroused with dif
ficulty. She was 3-1 years of age. Her'
father Is a member of the well-known
firm of Marshutz & Cantrell, proprietors
of the National Iron Works.
iy-TEATENTS!." J
JSU MARKET ST.af.'^SiS'
Stabbed His Rival.
Prospero Faggio, a bootblack at Third
and Mission streets, was arrested yester
day afternoon on a warrant charging him
with assault with a deadly weapon. The
complaining witness is Lulgi Guaragua,
Ink or pencil work equally well on "Hank
Stock" Importers' Hooks. Mysell-ltolllns, 22 Clay*
Chan Kam Quey's Case.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock handed down his opinion and recom
mendation yesterday in the matter of
Chan Kam Quev, one of the Omaha show
people arrested by Chinese Inspector
Gardner at Mayfield. The Commissioner
finds that she is a manual laborer, a na
tive of China, without any certificate or
other paper entitling her to remain in
this country. He therefore recommends
her deportation. The case will be laid
before United States District Judge de
Haven early next week.
Ladies, you are cordially invited to at-
tend the opening reception of the Bon Ton
Co.'s Parlors at 324 Post street, opp. Union
square, to-day, from 10 a. m. to 9j>. m.*
Two Bankrupts.
Robert Appleton, a merchant residing
In San Jose, whose creditors recently pe
titioned to have him declared an Involun
tary bankrupt, filed his statement yester
day In the United States District Court
His liabilities are $5227 53 and his assets
$1000.
Charles W. Gassaway, laborer, residing
In Sacramento, filed a petition In insol
vency yesterday. His liabilities are $1326 25.
He has no assets.
Launching of the California.
May 5 has been fixed as the day on
which the big steamer California will be
launched from the Union Iron Works. The
California will be one of the largest
freight carriers ever built on the Pacific
Coast, her tonnage being $500. The vessel
is being constructed for the New York
firm of Flint. Dearborn & Co. It will run
between this city. Honolulu and New
York.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR TO
PICNIC AT REDWOOD GROVE
A Feature of the Day Will Be an
Open-Air Vaudeville Per
formance.
Ben I. Salomon, chairman; Charles H.
Holcomb, George A. Folsom and F. A.
Jennings, who compose the executive
committee of the Knights of Honor gen
eral picnic committee, met last night in
the Alcazar building. The picnic is to be
given on the 30th of May in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, one of the features being
an open air vaudeville entertainment In a
redwood grove.
Acted in Self-Defense.
The charge of assault to murder against
Henry Peterson was dismissed by Judge
Cabanlss yesterday on the ground that
Peterson had acted in self-defense. Peter
son was In a saloon at ES East street a
few nights ago paying his men off when
Timothy Nyhan. a discharged employ*,
attempted to assault him. Peterson drew
his revolver and fired at Nyhan without
injuring him.
Soher Deprived of His Power.
Judge Troutt heard a motion yesterday
to suspend the powers of Adolph Soher
as administrator of the estate of his de
ceased father, Lewis Soher. In accord
ance with the petition filed he decided
against the absent respondent. Adolph
Soher, the administrator, cannot be found
by the many heirs of the estate, and It is
said that he has fled the city after hav
ing squandered over $20,000 on the race
courses.
. Bought from J. Lewis & Co. of Los An-
geles 1000 dozen children's hose, all sizes;
cheap at 15c: Will sell them to-day at 7^Ac
pair; don't miss this. Marks Bros.. 1212-
1">14 Market street, bet. Taylor and Jones.*
Bought of J. Lewis & Co. of Los Angeles
S9 dozen ladies' balbrlggan vests, long
sleeves, silk finish. Cheap at 3."> c; to-day
18c. Marks Bros., 1212-1214 Market street,
between Taylor and Jones. •
LEADER OF A BAD
GANG IN PRISON
One of the Notorious Set Known as
••Forty Thieves" Captured After
a Desperate Encounter.
An important capture was made by
Officers James O'Connor and John Da
vids of the California-street police sta
tion last night. Angelo Jambruno, alias
"Pogy," wanted on a number of criminal
charges and leader of the gang known
as the "Forty Thieves," against which
charges have been made to the Board of
Supervisors, was arrested after a long
chase and placed behind the bars.
Jambruno is a recognized crook. He has
avoided the service of warrants charging
him with various offenses. Last night
Otlicer O'Connor sighted him on Fran
cisco .street and immediately started to
arrest him. Jambruno saw the ufficer.
who was soon joined by Patrolman Da
vids. They chased the fellow over Tay
lor, Hyde and Larkin streets. When the
policemen finally caught the fugitive he
gave battle, but was handcuffed and sent
to the California-street police station.
SCHEETZ IS CHARGED
WITH ANOTHER CRIME
Partner in His Nome Venture Ac
cuses the St. Louis Man of
Embezzlement.
More trouble has been piled on the head
of Elmer L. Sheetz, or, as he calls him
self, W. A. Prince, the man who is want
ed in St. Louis for Jumping his bonds
after being arrested ' for a half-interest
swindle. James 11. Boland, who with
Sheetz and a man named E. M. Carson,
have been trying to load the schooner
Luisa D with freight and passengers for
Nome, swore to a complaint yesterday
charging Prince with embezzling $150
which he had collected.
Scheetz declared . yesterday that he
would never go back to St. Louis. He has
engaged an attorney to fight the extradi
tion pro<«eedings. It was to cover this ex
pense that ho is alleged to have held
back the $130.
The three men named are very mysteri
ous about the affairs of the Luisa D. One
of them stated however, that she belong
ed to the Hawkeye Prospecting Company
of lowa and that Sheetz agreed to pur
chase a third interest In the trip to Nome,
but failed to produce the cash.
Boland acknowledged that the vessel
was being outfitted with the money re
ceived from shippers and passengers. He
claimed when questioned that she was
properly provisioned and equipped, but
could not tell when she would get away.
END OF LONG ARGUMENT
OVER THE PENCIL DEEDS
Ex-Governor Budd and Charles Pence
Talk All Day — A Decision Ex
pected This Morning.
Arguments over the pencil deeds conten
tion in the Fair case were concluded yes
terday afternoon before Judge Troutt. The
decision whether they shall be admitted
in evidence will be handed down to-day.
Ex-Governor Budd completed his argu
ment in the morning and Charles Pence
used the afternoon in answer.
In substance ex-Governor Budd said:
"If the deeds are relevant to prove sup
port and maintenance it is relevant for us
to disprove these evidences of marriages
by the same means. If It be relevant for
one side it is relevant for the other. It
makes no difftrence wnether they were in
troduced for the sole purpose of contra
dicting the witness or to obtain a declara
tion that was material to the Issues and
related to the necessary facts of the case.
"A fact tending to prove status, an al
leged ceremony or consent, cohabitation
and support is a vital one and should be
allowed to be proved."
Charles Pence's argument was on the
law of the case, and decision after deci
sion was reeled off the spindle in support
of the petitioner's contention.
440 Green street. Lulgl had arranged to
start a rival bootblack stand on the same
block as Faggio. When the latter met
him Tuesday night he attacked him with
a pocket knife, cutting him on the left
arm. He made another slash at his neck,
but Luigi grappled with him and secured
the knife.
OLYMPIC CLUB MEMBERS
ENTERTAIN FAIR SEX
A Large Crowd Enjoys a Brilliant
Programme of Athletics and
Specialties.
Each succeeding •'ladles' night" at the
Olympic Athletic Club seems to attract in
creased attendance. A large crowd tilled
the gymnasium last evening. There was
not a vacant seat to be had on the main
floor or in the gallery, and even standing
room was difficult to find. The pro
gramme, rendered under the direction of
Leader John A. Hammersmith, was filled
with surprises. There were athletic events
that thrilled the fair ones, and there was
singing and specialties to please the ear
and eye.
The programme opened with some very
clever work on the Koman rings by Han
lon and Singer. ; Then little Tryphena
Pritchard recited "The Clansman's Child"
with the grace and ability of a finished
actress. \\". J. Leonard and George An
derson. James Gaynor and Harold Ma
guire gave interesting sparring exhibi
tions; Mrs. George S. Miehling. wife of
the wrestling instructor of the club
scored a hit by her graceful swinging of
Indian clubs, and Miss Etta O'Brien sang
a number of sweet melodies. The fencing
exhibition between Professor Louis Tron
chet. fencing master of the club, and
Jacques Fritz, master at arms on board
the i-rench cruiser Protet, was full of ex
citement. The contestants were expert in
handling foil and rapier, and frequently
during the bout disarmed 1 each other and
scored heavily.
George Hammersmith sang a number of
popular ditties and introduced clever
specialties. A. M. Stones meteor act was
brilliant The wrestling bouts between
Ceorge Hildebrand and W. R. McCullugh
J. H. Spiro and F. B. Bayly proved highly
exciting. A game of push ball by mem
bers of the club created great laughter
B'NAI B'RITH LODGES
ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
Rabbi Voorsanger, Otto Irving Wise
and D. S. Hirshberg Were
the Orators.
The committee on intellectual advance
ment of the Independent Order of B'nai
B'rith presented a literary and musical
programme last night to the members of
the order. It not only entertained the
audience that crowded the hall, but held
all with rapt attention.
After a piano solo by E. Cruells, Ben
Schloss, chairman of the evening, made
the Introductory remarks, speaking of the
condition of affairs in the organization
and the duty of every member to work
with heart and hand for sustained prog
ress. The Rev. Dr. J. Voorsanger fol
lowed with an eloquent address on the
possibilities of the brotherhood and what
was already effected by the exercise and
display of "a broad spirit of benevolence,
fraternity and charity.
Sandwiched between this address and
the next by Otto Irving Wise was a vocal
solo by Miss Sadie I^evenson. Otto Irving
Wise delivered the address of the evening.
His theme was one connected with the
Internal benefits to be derived by member
ship in the B'nai B'rith order. A vocal
solo by Ben Tarbox. a violin solo by T.
F. Rosenthal and concluding remarks by
Past Grand President Hirshberg closed
the entertainment.
EARSOTTI AND HiS FEVER-BREEDING PUMP.
CBAItSOTTTS milk ranch at Twenty-fifth street and Corbett road
was quarantined yesterday by the Health Department. Now Bax
sottl Is a sad man, with unmilked cows and no money coming into the
treasury. Dr. J. H. Seymour reported the case to the board. He
discovered fifteen cases of typhoid fever among families which were supplied
with milk by Barsotti. Upon investigation it was found that Barsotti
washed his cans with water drawn from an ancient well which had become
polluted by a cesspool. All kinds of germs and miasma ideas percolated
through Dr. Seymour's brain and he advised a wholesale destruction of
all Barsottl's milk supply. Samples of milk will be put under the
microscope and an analysis made. Until then Barsotti's 1? a closed milk ranch.
BAD MILK CAUSES
SPREAD OF FEVER
pawnbroker whose inquiries had led to
the suspicion that some one was guilty of
wrongdoing.
Further search resulted fn locating por
tions of the missing stock in nearly every
second-hand furniture storp in the city.
Jacob Wassercoock, the proprietor of one
of thr.=e place's, told that Barbue was the
man who had offered the Ftolen property
for sale. Two wagon loads had been cart
ed to his place Easter Sunday night. He
had sent some of the goods to Charles
Levy & Co. auctioneers at 1133 Market
street. Other pieces had gone to Oppen
heimer. an auctioneer, and had been sold
by him to private parties.
Barbue has been arrested before by the
same detectives on a charge of embezzle
ment committed in Kan Mateo County. A
brother of Barbue has also been arrested
for robbing the Baldwin clothing store in
this city.
a have on sale to-day? w
v M Bl«afa -A I* i
'MteSF^ English, l.ut because it has been •^> ;:^ <l K l? hr . h h r -'r N
\rW real "bargain" should be an exchange th ?t h '«P» *££ buj er \
» nyj and seller, therefore should net be '™"' l l.° a n ' r fSah 3
>fec»pgTTO!CT bargain should not sound cheap, but be cn»ap: a. barsra^n £,
jmt^H'*ir'ZtfZUXmfi ls i UrKUim . lt ,. lf ahnTt ,-,.-..:u. short measure or poor-at-any- ,1
Or price, whenever we offer goods below regular prKes we J
Cj place them on sale at advertised price, ami they remain on sale at tnai Price un-
m til sold: therefore we have no so-called "bargain days." special prices dortge the ?
n clock and often where we expect some jcood» to last a day they go before noon. -j
|3 and then again sometimes It's Just the other way. - "f
§ . here are present attractions: j
H Wash 120° yards of fancy prints, cnan, here is a snap for house- |1
M j 16 inches wide, in two- r wives— we place on sale to- »; j
H gOOQS. lone and single color ef- day one ton of. fine laundry soap H
m fects; also self colors in blue, in our big basement: each cake tV
jfl lavender, pink, striped and cross- weighs" half a pound, and price n
igi striped; narrow and wide over- per cake is 2c tj
ft stripes on rich color grounds; 8 j il. japanned dustpans. ..5c p
ES to 10 yards make an elegant wash "' 1110 hearth brushes 20c fl
H costume per yard 6c DaSeiiieilT. a stove mit and a can g
9 of "enameline" for Qc i
m , • r 1 j-« • fine whisk broom .\...ioc 1
|. gIOVeS. 394 pairs of ladies ? table brush _ I
gj misses and gents gloves: . f.
H broken lines • and sizes in enamel the bi £ sale ot enamel p
H kid gloves; some slightly soiled. ware is still on; the quality F
|i others have been tried on but not nolß. and our prices have caused g
§3 worn; we have not all sizes, nor considerable comment over this fe
&§ have we all colors, but if we city — £.
M have your size here is a chance to 10-quart convex kettles (enamel- )r
HJ get 2-clasp chamois, 2-clasp ware) 35c g
Eg pique, worth $1.00 and $1.50, for 12-quart convex kettles (enamel- F
|a per pair 50c ware) 39c p
|| i4-quart convex kettles (enamel- r v
1 mUSlin children's m>islin %
I underwear. SSlTwffi^hSr 1 ? --) 55c f
B v musiin. niue ncin «v . boiler (enamelware).3sc |
1 S^T» £w— *«• ri « boil « <—¦»->¦& I
H 12V2C pair millinery. 2 S trimmed dress hats; r
H ladies' muslin drawers, of good the extreme effects in ft-
pi soft muslin, wide cambric ruffle at pastels, maize and black, offered Ejj
|3 bottom per pair 19c and on exhibit to-day $5.00 B
fq ladies' muslin chemise, soft fin- 25 dozen jumbo braid knox block jt<}
M ished muslin, round yoke, neck sailor hats, in black and white, B
Eg and armholes trimmed with neat just received per express 75c Kg
H hemstitched ruffle 38c 100 bunches forget-me-nots at. 15c Kg
H cfnrQ huge girder which at 3p. m. yesterday created a blockade Eg
k| dlUlu and a sensation at Market and Fifth streets weighed 13 tons — KJ
§3 nOU/C nearly 30,000 pounds— and was on its way to our new building. t.A
H HCnOi ten horses were used to team it, and if you are passing the H
Eg new building at 9a. m. to-day stop and see this huge girder put Into §a
rj position and think over at the same time how ilale'a are growing. jfjj
HAIR-PULLING FRACAS
BETWEEN ANGRY WOMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 26, 1900
Hale'a.
Bale's.
( v ?*....... I^% l*% BIB*
TRANS-ATLANTIC TRAVELERS
Furnished Special -Ittendants by the
Pennsylvania System.
The bureau c£ attendant* for trans-Atlantic
travelers established In Jersey City and New
Tork City twenty yean« aso by the Pennsyl-
vania FyMem. ha* proven a frreat ronver.ience
to persons making European trips and to
tourist* arriving in America at that port. It
•will be particularly convenient Icr visitors to
the I'arls Exposition because the departure
oo< ke of most cf the Atlantic Steamship Lines
ore convenient to th<? new Jersey City Puaea-
p-er Station of the Pennsylvania Hailroad
Company.
This bureau consist* of experienced agents
whose duties are to meet passengers arriving-
In Jersey City and New York over the Penn-
sylvania IJnes £r.d assist them in arranging
for trans- Atlantic trips via any of the steam-
ship lines by conducting them to *team«K!ps
*nd aidin* In preparations. for a trip abroad
Tbeae arents will provide rabs operated br
tiie Pennsylvania System and aid passeriirers
with their bajrKare. They urc fully posted on
matters penaimnr to steamships leaving few
York, and arranßement? ra* be made through
them for procuring eteamfchip tickets In ad-
vance.
They a!so meet incoming Fteamships to aid
travelers In shaping details, for continuing
Journeys from .New Y O rk over the Pennsyl-
vania Lir.es by furnishing ticket*, arranging
for the transfer of bajnrase from steamship
dorks after it has been passed by customs in-
spectors, and having the K ame checked through
to destination. They will reserve sleep'n-- rar
accomnvdeUons and relieve persons of the
foregoing detail*. rr.j-Jcing themselves useful as
ottendar.u an.l guides :ree of charge
Further information on the subject may be
obtained by. AttreSßiJUC A. S. T. HOLt'K
12
MISS CLARKE'S ATTEMPT TO PUNISH A RIVAL