Bennett.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKAGUAY, May 17, via Tacoma, Hay
21.— A telegraphic dispatch from Dawson
states that the steamer* Flora of the Klon
dike Corporation's liner arrived there yes
terday from Lower Labarge. The steamer
Ora is expected there from Labarge to
morrow. The Flora Is the first steamer
to reach Dawson this season. Lake Ben
.nett will open In less than a week. .The
entire Yukon will then be practically open
from the headwaters to Dawson.
. The steamer Gleaner will leave Bennett
for Caribou next Monday.
• Mails from Dawson have been delayed
on the river since April 28. They are said
to be at Five Fingers.
A local mall carrier fell through the Ice
Big Dynamite Blast Opens Up Lake
FLORA REACHES DAWSON.
Preliminary Arrangements Are Com
pleted and Many Delegates Have
Already Arrived.
LOS ANGELES, May 21.— Temperance
Temple presented a scene of active pre
paration to-day and by evening every
thing was In readiness for the opening of
the State Women's Christian Temperance
Union convention, which will meet to
morrow. Already the delegates have be
gun to arrive. The presidents of the
Southern California Unions held a meet-
Ing this morning, to arrange for the en
tertainment of delegates. Credentials for
seventy-five delegates have been received.
In all there will b/» 15Q delegates, many of
whom arrived this evening.
All meetings except the medal contest,
which will take place Thursday evening,
will be free to the public.
The State officers will meet In executive
session to-morrow. The regular session
of the convention will begin at 1:30 p. m.
The medal contest is to be a. feature of
the convention week and will be under the
direction of Mrs. Julia Kendall Holt.
H. Clay Needham will be the fraternal
delegate from the Good Templars organi
zation.
TEMPERANCE WORKERS TO
MEET IN LOS ANGELES
SIX SIEGE TRAINS.
LONDON. May 21.— Six siege trains
have been ordered to be prepared at Al
dershot for transportation to South Af
rica,
LOURENZO MARQUES. May 21.— Tha
defense works of Johannesburg are pro
gressing rapidly. Six guns brought from
the front have been emplaced in a fort,
while schanzes and trenches intersect
Katzerand and Kllpriversberg, behind tha
race course.
TO DEFEND JOHANNESBTJBG.
"Methuen has left Hoopstad to co
operate with this force."
"Hunter Is pushing up the railway with
supplies for the Mafeking garrison and is
arranging a hospital train for the convey
ance of the sick and wounded to Ivimber
ley.
"KROONSTAD, May* 21.— Buller reports
that his advance will be delayed for a
few days on account of the way In which
the railroad has been destroyed.
"Rundle reports that Ladybrand has
been occupied.
LONDON. May 21.-The War Office has
received the following message from Lord
Roberts:
BXTLIiER'S ADVANCE CHECKED.
MUNICH, May 21.— The latest reports
regarding the condition of the demented
King Otto of Bavaria are that he la paral
yzed and unable to move, speak cr eat.
His death Is hourly expected.
Move, Speak or Zat.
Mad Buler of Bavaria Unable to
KING OTTO'S DEATH KEAB.
"WASHINGTON'. May 21.— President Mc-
Klnley will not go to California this sum
mer. This has been practically settled by
the plans which the President has Just
completed, and which precluded the possi
bility of his taking the coast trip.
Plans for the Summer.
President McKinley Completes fn^
PORTLAND. Or., May 21.— A special to
the Oregonian from Hood River says:
Miss Ida Foss, a school teacher, aged 23
years, was shot and Instantly killed last
night by Benjamin Wagnltz. He was
jealous of Miss Fos3 and tried to stab
her, but not being successful he secured
a rifle and shot her. After carrying the
body Into the house he blew his own
brains out with the rifle.
NOT COMING TO THE COAST,
His Own Life.
a Man, Who Afterward Takes
Washington School Teacher Killed by
MURDER AND SUICIDE '
CAUSED BY JEALOUSY.
The robbers evidently feared that ha
had recognized them and would put Offi
cers on their trail, and the man who held
the revolver fired. Whited tottered and.
fell. Believing him to be dead the men
threw him Into an empty box car, where
he was afterward found, bleeding and un
conscious. He was taken to tho hospital
and restoratives administered. After the
doctors had worked over him for several
hours he became conscious long enough to>
tell a disconnected story of the crime and
then lapsed Into a comatose condition,
from which all efforts to revive him havo
proved futile. He was not able to give a,
good description of the thieves and it Is
believed they have made good their ea
cape " . ; ,">".- J.-.J
SEATTLE. ¦ Wash., May 21.— Claris
Whited, of Owyhee, Idaho, is lying at tha
point of death as the result of injuries
received at the hands of three highway
men in Monroe. The desperados confront
ed Whited and demanded money. He mado
a slight resistance, but the cold end of a
revolver poked In hl3 face caused him to
change his mind. He at once threw up hl3
hands and was relieved of his money and.
valuables. -•'.'-'
Clark Whited of Idaho Assailed b7
Three Robbers in Mcniroe,
Washington.
ROBBED, SHOT AND
LEFT FOR DEAD
the huts of the natives were blazing
fiercely for a distance of nearly a mile.
Then, finding they were unopposed, the
Boers yelled: "Come out, you skulkers; to
day we take Mafeking!' Suddenly a Boer
cried. 'Run! Here are the rednecks!' Near
ly all fled. Captain March opened flre
from the fort on each side, cutting off and
repulsing the main body of the Dutch, but
driving the vanguard of 150 into the na
tive location which had been burned. The
enemy broke into two parties, one being
penned in the stone cattle kraal and the
other hemmed in a hollow behind a kopjt.
inside the outer defenses. They had no
water and but little food.
"Meanwhile a strong party, estimated at
50V ran around the native location and
reached the camp close to the railway.
There they surprised and after sharp
fighting captured i Lieutenant Colonel
Hore, Captain Slngletin and Veterinary
Surgeofi Dunlop Smith, who for a time
was penned with forty Boers in the of
fice of the British South African Protec
torate. This position was covered by our
forts. The Boers were called upon to sur
render, but they refused, and the fighting
was resumed for some hours. The Boers
lost "heaviIy."""'KInally" two' parties df the
enemy surrendered, one party escaping.
The casualties are not yet fully known.
The' Boers lost about 150, but our casual
ties were under twenty. Angus Hamil
ton,' correspondent of the London Times,
is missing." ," -"' '-¦..
Boers Retreating" Northward.
The raiiway head is expected .to be at
Kroonstad to-day (Tuesday). The con
gestion of traffic at Smaldeel delays Lord
Roberts' advance, but his cavalry con^
tinue active through a wide radius east
and southeast of Kroonstad.
The infantry advance steadily. General
Colvllle and General Rundle shift their
headquarters each second day. The Boers
are retreating northward from Harri
smlth. Raiding and sniping are decreas
ing. . .
l^orJ Roberts Is advised that little re
sistance need be expected south of Klip
Riversburg, I near Johannesburg, where
the natives are digging trenches, but the
position, according to a correspondent,
can be turned. The same authority
thinks it improbable that there will be
any desperate defense eouth of' Preto
ria, and that even the capital of the
Transvaal is likely to be evacuated. The
orders from the War Office directing six
more siege trains to go out, however, in
dicate preparations in expectancy of a
siege.
Twenty-one war correspondents have
been killed or have died of disease dur
ing the war. In this respect the Dally
Mall has been unfortunate, ten of its rep
resentatives having been put out of ser
vice by death or Illness.
The War Office announces that eleven
vessels will leave home ports during the
next thirty days with 3S63 officers and
men and 23S5. horses.
The promotion of Colonel Baden-Powell
Is generally expected to be followed by
further honors, probably an important
command with a temporary rank of lieu
tenant general. He only got his colonelcy
In 1S97, and he now goes ahead of a long
list of seniors.
OFFICIAL REPORTS ON
THE RELIEF OF MAFEKING
LONDON, May 21.— The following dis
patch has been received from Lord Rob
erts, at the War Office:
"Kroonstad, May 21.— The following is
from Hunter:
"•Mafeking is relieved, Mahon entered
it May 18/ "
The following dispatch from Sir Alfred
Milner. In South Africa, to Secretary of
State for the Colonies, Mr. Joseph Cham
berlain, was received at 1:30 p. m. to-day:
"Barton Yelegraphs from Taungs that
Mafeking was relieved May 17. The rc
• - •
LONDON. May 22. 2:15 a. m.— British
horsemen, according to a dispatch
from L.Gurenzo Maxnue;, are now
close to the Vaal River, within forty
miles of Johannesburg. The mi
praUon from Pretoria has begun. Women
and children are being sent in trains to
Machadorp, on the way to Lydenburg.
Trains axe arriving at L/Ourenzo Marquez
fill'-d with passengers, among whom are
many Germans who are bound for Europe.
Some details of Colonel Mahon's Mafe
kinR relief expedition are now coming
thruueh from wayside points. It was one
long rush to. Mafeking. O. F. Hands, the
Daily Mali's correspondent mentioned In
I»rd Roberts 1 dispatch to the . War. Of
fice as dangerously wounded in the fight
In the tasin May 13. s>-nt his last message
from Vryburg: May 9 by runner to Kimber
ley May 21. He says: v S •-* '' -•
"The flying mounted column secretly
and swiftly organized by General Hunter
started from Uarlcy .and. arrived here .to
night, coverinc 130. miles in five days. It
Js a grand force of mounted men, the Im
prrial Upht Horse' from Ladysmith. the
Kimberley Mounted Corps, with Royal
Horse Artillery and pompons and a se
leefed bcCy'of infantry from the^Fusile*;r
Ij-lgade. . _A special equipment of light
sprir.ged "mule transport completes this
splendid force. The force so equipped
•was rnabltal to movt wtth. such rapidity
that alihoagh rhis is a difficult country,
rt-qulring viptlant scouting, the Boers
¦wore surprised. Th<- column moved paral
lel with the enemy's positions on the Vaal
at Roordam and Fourteen Streams, actu
ally getting- behind th«ih -without firing a
shot. So close were we Sunday and Mon
day that General Hunter's balloon was
visible and his. bombardment heard. The
Voute taken ¦"¦as between the Vaal and
Hart rivers, then along the right bank of
the Dryhart to a point abreast of Taungs
and thence to Pudlmoe, Roedeport and
Vryburg." \
A eorre«i>on<3pnt with General Hunter
trles'raphs from Fourteen Streams as fol
lows:
It Was a Strange Race.
"Colonel Mahon's relieving column left
Bmrfclfjr Wost under secret orders May 4
end reached Vryburg May 11. The Boers
marched on the right flank of the British
and a strange race followed, Mahon press
ing toward Mafeking with the utmost
Epeed consistent with keeping the force in
condition ami th«? Boors hurrying parallel
in an effort to pas? him and to throw
themselves * cross his path. The Boers
succeeded. Mahon then turned west dur
inp tru; night. The Boers followed, over
took and :;U:;cked him in the bush, but
wcr« boa ten off."
Then, as Lord- ..Roberts wired. Colonel
Mahon and Plumer united forces at Jai
maisila <-n ?,3ay 14 and Mafeking was re
lieved three days later under conditions
not yet kBown*toere. A«£orrespondent of
th» I»aJly Kxpress Fays:
"General Hunter devised and guided the
relief, whi<h was daringly executed by
Colonr-1 Mahon."
The la*t m*-ss»po from Colonel Mahon's
column before the rHIef was dated at
Mnjanama^ii. May 11. It 'pays:
"The column left Vryburg yesterday, did
nineteen mile? and outspanned at 2 a. m.
rvo Jires were allowed. We Ftarted at
dawn to-day and trrkked here."
Baden-Poweirs Hardest Blow.
Baden-Powell's hardest blow to the be
siegers was the rapture of Commandant
fiarel lEloff. President Kru S er B grandson,
and his men. ,
It is thus described in a dispatch from
Mafoking May 12. via Ootil May 14:
"Eloff to-day fell into one of the various
traps that have been left open for months
At 4 a. m. the onomy. who had been much
urongthenc-d during the last few days
Mnted an attack on the eastern side of
the town, while a large force which during
the night had crept along the river, guided
by native rebels who had ohose n the
craftiest detours, managed to enter the
I-axalong location. This they burned and
day a promise to entertain any credentials
that might be presented to-day. This
morning a note came to the State Depart
ment from the delegates asking that they
be permitted to present themselves at the
department. A prompt acquiescence Was
returned by Secretary Hay, and the hour
of 2:30 was fixed for the meeting. At that
time the three delegates appeared. They
were unaccompanied and were shown at
once into the diplomatic room. Secretary
Hay. accompanied by Mr. Babcock his
private secretary and stenographer! en
tered the diplomatic room and cordially
greeted his visitors. Just what passed be
tween them probably will never be exactly
known,, for when the meeting was over
after lasting ah. hour, the Boers, In de
parting, stated to a number of 'anxious
newspaper men that they had and would
have nothing 1 to say as to what happened
For his part, the Secretary.of State was
more communicative, but before making
any statement 1 he ma.de his- way to the
White House and consulted the President.
Then he gave out through his secretary
the following statement:
Messrs. A. FIscrfr»r, C. H. Wesspls and A. D.
W. Wolmarans. the delrrctes In j this country
cf the South African republics, called to-day
by appointment at the State Department. They
were cordially received, and remained with the
Secretary of State for more than an hour. They
laid before the Secretary at much length and
with great enersry and. eloquence the merits
of the controversy In South Africa and the
desire of the Boer republics that the United
States should . Intervene in - the • Interests of
peace' and UFe" its efforts to that end 'with the
British Government.
The Secretary of State made the following
reply: '¦,'¦? +k0
"The President In his message to Coneress,
last December, taid: "This Government has
maintained an attitude of neutrality .in the
unfortunate contest betwpen Great Britain and
the Boer states of Africa. We have remained
fal thru I to the precept -of 'avoiding: entangllnR
alliances as to affairs not of onr direct con
cern. Had circumstances suggested that the
parties to the quarrel would\have welcomed
a kindly *"ext)iefslon of the hope, of the Ameri- :
can peonle that war might he; averted, good
offices would have teen gladly tendered."
.."As the war went on tne' President, while
regretting the suffering and. the sacrifices en
dured by both of the combatants. ; could do
nothing but preserve a strict neutrality ' be
tween them. This he- has . steadily and con
scientiously done, but there ; never was a mo
ment when he would have neglected any fav
orable occasion to use' his good offices in the
Interests of peace. ~
"On »Jie 10th of last March we received from
Mr. Hay, the Unit*! Slates Consul at Pre
toria, this tel;?ram: 'I cm officially r*quej,te<5
b\\ the Governments of the republics to urge
your Intervention with n view of cessation ;>f
hostilities, j Same request to representatives of
European powers.'
"Th» President at ones directed me to oon
vey the substance of thU telegram to the Brit
ish Government, an-1 in communicating this
WASHINGTON. May 21. -The .State
Department has met the issue raised by
the coming to Washington of the Boer
delegation by declining to interfere in be
half of the South African republics In the
present struggle. In view of this an
nounced decision all questions as to the
character of the recognition to be extend
ed to the delegates and the sufficiency of
their credentials dropped at once Into the
background. It was, after all. of little mo
ment whether or not the Boers were re
ceived as diplomatic agents or ministers
so long as they were powerless to promote
the prime object of their mission, namely,
to cause the United States Government to
Intervene to bring about peace.
The meeting between the delegates and
Secretary Hay was brought about In the
simplest manner. General O'Beirne had
secured from the department last Satur-
"Soon after nightfall two parties sur
rendered and tlie oth^r was driven out of
the Staat under a heavy fire. Ten dead
and nineteen wounded of the enemy wore
left behind and 108 prisoners were taken,
including Klolt and nine officers. Seven
teen Frenchmen and many Germans were
among the prisoners. Our losses were six
men killed and two officers and nine men
wounded." s- ¦-,-. /.-•¦
BOER DELEGATES TOLD
AMERICA CAN'T INTERFERE
front of our position. Our western posts
closed in and stopped the Boer supports
following, thus cutting off Eloff's retreat,
while the town defenses stopped his fur
ther advance. His force got divided in
the- darkness and a strong party was
placed , between them, completely sur
rounding them. Fighting continued all
day long.
lieving column was a composite under
McMahon of about 2300 men."
The War Office received the following
dispatch from Lord Roberts earlier in the
day:
"KROOXSTAD, May 21.— Mahon (Col
onel B. T. Mahon) reports having joined
Plumer at Jaimalsda May 15. He was fol
lowed by a Boer commando from Maritz
anl Siding and turned westward to avoid
it. May 13 he was attacked in the thick
bush, losing five men killed, two missing
and 24 wounded, including a Daily Mail
correspondent. The Boers lost more than
Mahon In killed and wounded.
"Another report has been received from
Baden-Powell, dated May 13, giving- Im
portant news. Before dawn. May 13, a
storming party of 250 strong, personally
led by Eloff, rushed -the pickets and reach
ed the Staat nnd protectorate camp from
the westward along the Maloppo Valley;
a strong musketry demonstration boing
made at the same time along the eastern
STATE BOARD OF HEALTH,
EXPLODES PLAGUE RUMORS
» — -•¦--.¦..-.
THE State Board of Health held a special meeting in room 14 of th e
Grand Hotel last pight and officially declared that there was not one
x existing case of bubonic plague in this city or State.
In addition to this, the State Board formulated a letter, which is to be
sent to every State Health Board in/ the; United States, 'declaring the abso
lute non-existence of the plague in San Francisco and California. .
VICTORIA REVIEWS GUARDS.
LONDON. May 21.-The Queen at Wind
sor to-day reviewed a detachment of the
Guards which is proceeding to South Af
rica. Her Majesty addressed the troops,
wishing them success and expressing the
hope that she would see them all back at
no distant date.
request I was directed Ijy him to express hli
earnest hop« that a way to brins about pea-e
mlrht'be found, and to say that we would l>e
Klad' to aid In any friendly manner to promote
so happy a result. - The Transvaal Government
was at. the same time informed of th- Presi
dent's action In the matter. Our representa
tive In Londcn promptly communicated tn-
Presidenfs instruction to Lord Salisbury. In
answer he was requested to thank the Presi
dent for the friendly Interest *hown hy him.
and Lord Salisbury added that her Majesty e
Government could not accept the intervention
of any power. This communication also was
Immediately transmitted to our Consul at Pre
toria; to be communicated to the President of
the Soutb African republic. So far as we are
Informed the United States was the only Gov
ernment in the world, of all those approached
by the South African republics which tendered
its Rood offices to either of th« combatants la
the interest of cessation of hostilities-".
... .As illusion had been made to The Hague
conference, and as action. had^been suggested
based upon that Instrument, U.may'te as'wrtl
to. Quote a pfcrnee from article III, which
states: "Powers -stranirer to the dispute may
have the right to offer good offices or media
tion even during the course of hostilities," and
article V. which says: "The functions of the
mediator are at, an end when once it Is de
clared either by one gf the parties to the dis
pute or by the mediator himself that the. means
of reconciliation proposed by him are not ac
cepted " This would seem to render any fur
ther action of the United States unadvlsable
under existing circumstances.
The . stew) taken by the President In his
earnest desire to see an end to the strife which
has caused eo much suffering may already be
eald to have gone to the extreme limit per
mitted to him. Indeed, If in hla discretion he
had chosen not to present to England the South
African request for good offices, he might have
Justified his action by referring to the follow
ing declaration which was made in the very
act of signing The Hatrue convention by the
plenipotentiaries of the United States: "Noth
lnc contained In this convention shall be so
construed as to require of the United States of
America to deoart from its traditional policy
of not intruding upon, interfering with, en
tangling itself with questions if policy or in
ternal administration of any foreign states:
nor shall anything contained in said convention
be construed to Imply a rellnuiilshment by the
United States of America of Its traditional at
titude toward purely American questions."
' The President sympathizes heartily in the sin
cere desire of all the pedple of the United
States that the war which la now afflicting
South Africa may Mr the sake of both parties
engaged come to a speedy close; but having
done his full duty in preserving a strioUy neu
tral position between them and In seizing the
first "opportunity that presented itself for ten
dering iils good offices In the Interests of peace,
he feels that In the present circumstances no
course is open to him except to persist in the
policy "of Impartial neutrality. To deviate from
this would be contraary to all our traditions
and all our national Interests and would lead
to con«equenccs which neither the President nor
the people of the United States should regard
with favor.
Lord Pauneefote called at the State De
partment while the Boers were consulting
with Secretary Hay. He, was shown Into
the diplomatic reception room, and there
displaced General O'Beirne. who had also
been waiting to see Secretary Hay. The
Embassador was not kept long, for In the
course of live minutes the Boers left and
he was admitted to see the Secretary.
The Boer representatives will be receiv
ed by the President at the White House
at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. , Their
visit to the executive mansion was ar
ranged for them by Secretary Hay dur
ing their call at the State Department this
afternoon. The call, it is understood, will
be entirely unofficial In character, as the
envoys have not yet presented to the offi
cials the credentials with which they are
accredited. 1' '
THE FALL OF THE FIRST BOER CAPITAL.
JAPANESE ARE
SWINDLED BY
WILY AGENTS
Frauds Also Perpetrated
on the Immigration -
Office.
Charged Exorbitant Rates for tha
; Small Sum of Money Required
to Show They Are Not
- ... Paupers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. May 21.— A sensa
satlon was caused to-day as the result of
investigations by officials of the United
States Immigration Office here, which is
in charge of Hon. A. E. Healy. It de
veloped that not only were Japanese
working a swindling game on the officials,
but the newly arrived sons of the Mika
do's empire, who have come In such herds
lately, were being bilked on a wholesale
scale by their more experienced country
men who have lived in Vancouver for sev
eral years.
The law requires that immigrants to the
States cannot be paupers, but must have
at least $30. The officials were surprised
during the past week at the readiness \
with which the Japanese came up with
their money, but had no choice but to
give them their papers. Hundreds have
been put through in this way. To-day,
however, the demand was made a second
time for the exhibition of 530 and it was
found that there was only $5 among a
score of Japanese, who were leaving by
a stage for the United States.
They afterward exolained that they
borrowed the money to pass the officials
on and in every case paid highly for the
loan of $30 for an hour, some as much as
$3. It was also found that the Japanese
contractors here were representing to
their fellow countrymen that the fee3
were $4 Instead' of $1 for passing the Im
migration Officer, and that'in'hundreds of
instances they had pocketed the differ
ence. It is estimated oy the officials that
$3000 has been taken from the newly ar
rived Japanese by bilking methods.
In Lake Taglsh. Three of his dogs were
drowned. He was in the water two hours
and taken out Insensible.
The largest blast ever fired In the north
was shot on the shore of Lake Bennett on
Thursday by contractors of the extension
of the "White Pass road. Four tons of
powder were set off at once. It tore out
6CTX) cubic yards of granite rock from the
mountain side and the concussion broke
all the ice In Lake Bennett for a distance
of four miles.
The trail to Atlln Is gone and that coun
try is shut off from traffic for a week or
two until the complete opening of tho
lakes.
Migration rrom Pretoria Has Been Commenced.
Details of the Rapid March of the Relief |
Column to Mafeking.
standing, glanced oft and hit her In ta%
left thigh.
The passengers on the car made wild
scrambles for the open air when the trou
ble " began. Among them were three
women, and the female sympathizers with,
the strikers, who were present in large
numbers, at once attacked them. They
showered them with abuse, pelted them
with stones, clods and sticks and made
them run for their lives. For several
squares the chase was kept up, the three
women finally leaving the street and run
ning across some vacant lots, still hotly
pursued by the crowd cf ¦women, who suc
ceeded every now and then in striking:
one of the fugitives with a stick or a
stone. The crowd was not distanced until
the three women had been raced fully a
third of * mile. The police had their han.la
full at the time In dealing with the mob
at the corner, end were not able to af
ford any protection to the women.
Park -Avenue Car Attacked.
At 6 o'clock a small occurred at
Eleventh street and Park avenue. A mob
of several hundred men ajid women at
tacked the last car on the Park avenue
line as it was on the home trip. Several
stones were thrown and a shot was flred.
but whether by the mob or by one of the
men on the car could not be determined.
A force of forty men was at once dis
patched from police headquarters, and tha
mob dispersed without difficulty.
After the meeting of labor leaders to
night, held for the purpose of discussing
the advisability of calling out the organ
ized labor of the city on a sympathetic
strike, it tvas announced that nothing had
been done.
One Youth Killed and Three Men and a Girl
..Wounded During Attacks by Frenzied
, - Mobs Upon Street Cars.
S.T. LOUIS. May 21. — One boy was
killed and three men and a girl
were wounded to-day as a result of
the strike. The dead;
MARTIN ZIKA/ 18 years of age,
struck -by a bullet "fired from a
street car. *> .. ¦'¦ ' •
The wounded: ciarence E. Mullen, mo
torman, shot in upper portion' of left
arm: Jome in Jacksonville, 111.: wound
not. serious. . Minnie Krueger, 18 years of
age, struck in left thigh by a glancing
bullet; not serious. Two rioters seen to
fall' during: a fight at Thirteenth and
Herbert streets between a mob of 250 men
and the police; .' carried away by friends
and names not 1 learned."
'Was an Innocent Onlooker.
Zlka was shot late, in* the afternoon
..while standing in the* door of his home
at ¦ 1200; Geyer avenue. A' mob of several
hundred men had surrounded, a car of
the Tower Grove line and were threaten
ing the conductor and motorman. A few
stones had been 1 , thrown when a shot was
flred from the ¦ cftr, the bullet striking
Zlka full in the breast. He died within
a few minutes. \.
Conductor Owen Farley and Motorman
Drake were arrested by the police. At
the police/Station to-r.ight Farley ad
mitted having flred the shot which killed
Zika. He .shot, he said, at a man who
was preparing to throw a stone at Him
and the bullet struck Zika.
1 The four persons wounded were all in
jured during a fight. which occurred at
5:30 o'clock at the intersection of Thir
teenth and Herbert streets. The riot was
lively while it lasted," fully ¦ 100 shots^belng
fired,- and, as the streets were crowded
with people It Is remarkable that the
number of wounded was so small.
Four cars of the Bellefontaine line
were running close together, and when
the first one turned the corner it plunged
into a crowd of over 200 men and women
who gathered there. No stop was made
and the car was free of the mob before
any damage could be done.
The mob was ready for the second car.
however, and it received a warm recep
tion. Stones were rained upon it and sev
eral shots flred at the conductor and rao
tornian. The four police officers on the
car at once returned the flre. and the crew
of the first car, hearing the shots, at once
reversed and ran back to reinforce their
comrades. Two other cars, each carrying
four officers, were close behind. Police
Captain Joyce being on the third. For
nearly a minute a rapid flre went on from
both sides, and then, led by Captain
Joyce, the police, made a rush for the
crowd, which broke and scattered In all
directions.
Bullets for Two Rioters.
llotorman Mullen of the second car was
shot through the arm, he being the only
one wounded by the mob. Two rioters
were seen to fall, hit by bullets flred by
the police, and several officers who took
part in the scrimmage declared that fully
a half-dozen members of the mob had
been shot down. The best information
and the evidence of the greater number
of officers is. however, to the effect that
only two were shot by the police. They
were at once carried off by their friends
and their names are not known.
Minnie Kreugex ran into a yard for
safety when the light began, and a bullet,
striking an iron fence near which she was
RIOTING AND DEATH ATTEND
ST. LOUIS RAILWAY STRIKE
BRITISH HORSEMEN ARE WITHIN
FORTY MILES OF JOHANNESBURG
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 22,- 1900.
VOLUME LXXXYH-XO. 183.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
(From the Sphere.)
The formal surrender of Bloemfontsin to Lord Roberts, on March 13, by a deputation of civilians took place on a kopjs seme two miles
Eoutheest cf the town. As the deputation, headed by Hr. Fraser, wnozn Mr. Steyn had defeated at the last election for President, Mr. Kellner,
the Elayor, end Mr. Pappenfus, the Landrost, approached the British Commander in Chief they salutsd respectfully^ and their spokesman, a
ITr. Collins, stepping- forxrard informed him that the town was without defense and that they wished to surrender, asking at the same timVthat
Ilf* and property should be protected, and handing him the keys cf the Government buildings.. Lord Bobarts relied that if tii'cre Vas'no further
resistance he would guarrjitee protection. He informed the deputation that he would enter ths town in state/and they departed to make prepa
ration t to receive him. \Murder of the Bellringer of Most
Holy Trinity Church Avenged.
SING SING, N. T., May 2L— Fritz Mey
er, murderer, was put to death In the
electric chair at Sing: Sing this morning.
On August 29, 1897, George Steltz, the old
bellrlnger of Most Holy Trinity Church.
In Brooklyn, was found murdered in the
church. Meyer was suspected of the mur
der of Steltz. and on October 27, 1S97, when
Policemen Smith and Conklin attempted
to arrest Mm Meyer shot Smith and fled.
CHICAGO, May 21.-The. West and the
Cast were close together and close to
victory in the sixteenth ballot for Bishop,
taken before the adjournment of the ses
sion of the general Methodist Conference
to-day. According: to the statements
made by delegates whq claim to know
the findings of the tellers", the "West, as
represented by Dr. David H. Moore of
Cincinnati, editor of the Western Chris
tian Advocate, led the East as represent
ed by Dr. J. W. Hamilton of New York.
senior secretary of the Freedman'a A1<1
and Southern .Education Society, by about
a dozen votes.
The result of the sixteenth ballot as It
was unofficially given out to-night fol
lows: Whole of votes cast,' 657; neces
sary for a choice, 438; David H. Moore,
425; J. W. Hamilton, 413; J. K. Day, 198.
Dr. Henry Spellmeyer and Dr. Neely, It
is said, gained a few votes and the list
of (scattering 1 votes was increased. Many
delegates' were of the opinion that the
first ballot to-morrow morning would con
centrate the votes of the conference for
Drs. Moore and Hamilton and effect the
election of hoth, thus obviating the ex
ecution of the suggestion that the con
ference postpone the election.
Day Both Will Beceive Support
Sufficient to Give Them
Victory.
Belief That on the First Ballot To-
Indications Point to the Elec
tion of Drs. Moore and
Hamilton.
METHODISTS
YET VOTING
FOR BISHOPS
Curiosity Saves Life.
A package marked quinine was secretly sent
to a bright woman, but being curious she took
it to a druggist, who said It was not quinine
but arsenic. A like Inquiry Into. some of the
medicines offered will certainly detect the false
from the true. For half a century' Hostettet's
Stomach Bitters has been curing Indigestion,
constipation, dyspepsia. liver and kidney
troubles and has never once failed. Try It If.
you feel weak and tired.
OBJECT TO BRADY.
SEATTLE. Wash.. May 21.— The Alaska
Republican Convention to elect delegates
to the Republican- National Convention
met at Junoau <n May 15. and the follow
ing resolution condemning Governor Uradv
tira* passed:
D« it resolved by in* Republicans of the
Dirtriit of Alaska in convention assembled
that th* father continuance In office of John
O. HraJy as Gowmnr of AlaMca is inimical to
th* lni<-r«"*ts of Alaska an<i contrary to the
¦vriKhPK of th» R»t>ub!ican jjsrty. unj that a
ro;>y of tl;'.n r«>t<(;lutHin hr transmitted to the
I'resident of the l/nited States.
The convention indorsed President m c _
KlnU-y's a<1mlnifi ration: d'-manded that
the- Territorial fr.rrn of Kovernrtn>nt be ex
tended to Alaska; declared for the re
npval of the tapital from Sitka to Ju
mau; askeu th<? Government that a direct
cable from Alaska tn Pusret Sound b.»
laid, and demanded that lighthouses be
crectr-d in Al«- C kan waters forthwith.
The folSowin:; <Je!^gat»'S were el«»cte«lto
the Republican Nation.rl Convention: Wil
liam <Jr.int. John G. Price, John C. Heid
and R. J. Willis.
Judpe "Wellborn 111.
LOS AXGELES. May 21.— Judge Olin
Wellborn cf the United States court has
been ill with fever for three weeks and
ur.able to attend to liis duties. .He. is con
fined" to hl»- tied and" his condition Is re
tarded as quite serious. - .,-_•;-.-
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT'S
MOVEMENTS IN KOREA
Parliamentary Secretary of the Brit
ish Foreign Office Gives Infor
mation in the Commons.
LONDON. May 21.— In the House of
Commons to-day the Parliamentary Sec
retary of the Foreign Office, Mr. Broder
ick, answering questions on the subject,
Fald that the British Government under-
Kood the Russian Government had leased
a site for a coal depot and naval hospital
at the treaty port of Masampho, in Korea.
This port, he added, was open to navi
gators of all countries, and the landing
and storage of supplies for the Russian
licet within the site Just acquired Is to be
governed by the existing treaties there.
Therefore no exclusive right was ceded to
the Russian Government, and the treaty
rights ceded to British subjects were not
to be limited by the arrangements recent
ly arrived at.
The Government, also understood that an
agreement had been made by which Rus
sia undertook neither to ask, for itself or
for its subjects t-ny concession on the Isl
and of Koji or on the opposite mainland,
or on any of the surrounding Islands, and
the Korean Government engaged not to
allow any other Government to rent or en
k'ace land in the localities Indicated.
Mr. Broderick concluded, rather lamely,
that as. the Government had not yet ob
tained poyppsslon of the text of the agree
ment it could not say whether the action
of Russia was In accordance with her ex
plicit pledges not to acquire any territory
whatever In Korea.
?
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pensions and Postofflce Changes Re
ported From Washington.
Fperial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 21.-Penslons for
I California ns: Original— Thomas P. Owney,
I San Jose, f6; Franklin 1Z Wood, Riverside,
fC. Renewal — Alvin A. Perry, Chico, $8.
I Increase— Sanford A; Densmore, Ind»pend-
I ence. $12; Jerome B. Crlswell. Veterans'
! Home. Napa, $12. Original widows, etc.,
i special uccrucl May 8 — Emmerline A
; Ward. Fruitland, $S.-
Oregon: Additional— Polk Hull; Spike
nard. ?8. Renewal— Philander T. Davis,
Claokumas. $8.
Washington: Original— Sanford H. Smith,'
Palouse. $C. Original widows, etc., special
accrued May S— Ellen J. Eaton. Toutle, $S.
Alfred Wells has been commissioned
Postmaster at Fairview, Cal. Katherine
L. Bulkely has been appointed Postmis
tress at Palmdale. Los - Angeles ; County,
vice L. W. Ostrom. resigned.. - -. . ,.
. The abstract of the" condition of nation
ad • banks of California, exclusive - of ¦ San
guish the Proceedings of the
Presbyterian Assembly.
Parliamentary Skirmishes Distin-
ST. I.OUIS. May 21.— After a long dis
cussion on the report of the board of
education, which occupied all of this
afternoon, during which several sharp
parliamentary skirmishes were indulged
in, the Presbyterian General .Assembly
adopted the report and Its recommenda
tions unanimously. During the entire ani
mated discussion the rulings of the mod
erutor were received with approbation
and the business of the assembly moved
aloni? slowly. Rev. George H. Stewart.
D. D.; president of Auburn Theological
Seminary. Auburn; N. Y.. presented the
report and also made a supplementary ad
dress, in which he expressed gratification
with the state of the -treasury, but de
plored the slowness of sons of the church
to offer their services for the ministry,
which, he said. Indicated a low spiritual
condition In families apd congregations.*
Agreement on Australian Federation.
LONDON*. May 21.— In moving the read-
Ing of the Australian federation bill in the
House of Commons to-day the Secretary
of Slate for the Colonies, Mr. Chamber
lain, announced that . a complete agree
ment had been reached .with tne delegates
on the lines of the Government's propos
als. The bill, he added, would provide
that the right of appeal to the Privy
Council should.be maintained in every,
case where other than Australian inter
ests are concerned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN ANSELMO. May 21.-F. V. Pisto
lesi, proprietor of Camp Pistolesl, says the
crowd of hoodlums. which abused Million
aire, Foss here * yesterday was not from
his camp, as there has been but one picnic
there this season, and that was on the
13th. A large number of people .visited his
grounds • on that ? day. and < there ; was no
disturbance' of. • any,-, kind, either : . at the
camp or on the train. ¦¦ -
"Does not the Senator believe,", inquired Tillman, "that it is <
the hynotizing influence which has brought on our war" of conquest,
the disgraceful attitude which v/e occupy in the eyes of the world,
which has paralyzed the honest American love of freedom and of
patriotism?"
"I am bound to say," replisd Hoar, I think the attitude
of the country 'with reference to the people of the Philippines has
throttled and stifled the expression of sympathy which ought to go
out to the Boer republic." — Extract from the report of the Senate
debate on the admission of the 3oer envoys.
ine uniiea niaies. i ncrc is not a ioreign
Embassador or Minister to this Govern
ment who is entitled to admission to the
floor of this Senate."
The Canadian Commissioners, he said,
had been admitted to the floor of the Sen-,
ate. but. said he. "there was no such
question then pending between Great
Britain and the United States as that
which has brought these gentlemen here
to state their cause to the Government
and the American people. It is not plain
to me that the United States Senate
should make haste to admit them as Com
missioners to the courtesies of the Senate
when courtesies are not extended to E!m
bassadors or Ministers of any foreign
country."
. Merely Informal Courtesy.
"The Senator from Minnesota," re
plied Allen, "is fentlrely mistaken as to
the scope of the resolution. It does re
cite the names of the delegates and says
they are Commissioners, but does not
bind the Senate or the Government to
recognize them in their official capacity."
Mason said that while the President had
the power to recognize and receive dip
lomatic representatives of foreign Gov- I
Francisco, on April 26 shows that loans
and discounts increased from $12.0S0,115 on
February 13 to $12,880,291. and individual
deposits increased from $18,237,787 to $18,
411,505.
The Conference Committee on the In
dian appropriation bill will retain in the
measure Representative Needham's pro
vision for an Indian school to be estab
lished probably at Riverside, • California,
the location being left to the discretion of
the Secretary of the Interior. Seventy
five thousand dollars Is appropriated for
the purpose.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
REPORT IS ADOPTED
attempt to decide one way or the 'other
the diplomatic character of such agents
or whether they shall be received as such
or not. That is purely an executive func
tion.
Envoys Took a Wrong Course.
P "Without attempting to detract from
the sympathy that may be expressed for
them, I feel bound to say that they have
proceeded in a manner entirely Irregular
and premature: Before they have been
received by the President they have ap
peared at public meetings and have stated
the object of their mission and they-de
sire to gain the good offices and sym
pathy of this Government and seek to
create public opinion to influence the ac
tion cf the Government."
Davis said he did not intend to bring
into this question the merits of the war
between Great Britain and the South Af
rican states, and cut off debate by mov
ing to lay the resolution on the table. The
motion was agreed to, 36 to 21, as follows:
Ayes — Allison. Baker, Bard, Burrows, Clark
of Wyoming. Davis. Fairbanks, Foster. Gallin
jcer, Ccnr. Hanna, Hancbrough. Hawley, Hoar.
Kean. Kyle. Lindsay, I-o«lf?e, McUrlde, McCo
mas. McMillan. Morpan. Nelson. I'enrose, Per
kins. Pottos, Plan of Connecticut, Platt of Xew
York, Quartes, Rofs. Spott, Sewell, Shoup,
tewait. Thumrn. Walcott— i'6.
Noes— Allen, liaenn, Pate, Berry, Butler Caf
fery. Clay. ("ockrell, Daniel. Harris. Heitfeld,
Jones of Arkansas. Kenney, Mason Money
1'ettlprew. Hawlins, Teller, Tillman, Vest Wel
lington—21. •
Tillman in a brief speech declared the
voting down of the resolution was a "cow
ardly truckling to British influence." •
Hoar, replying, said: "No man has a
more hearty admiration for the Boer re
publics or a greater sympathy for their
gallant tight than 1 have. It is the best
fighting done on this planet-slnce Ther
mopylae, and no .fighting has been done
in a holier cause. But this is a diplomatic
mission. Under our constitution and cus
toms the function of recognizing and re
ceiving diplomatic agents belongs primar
ily to the President. If we admit to the
floor of the Senate these gentlemen in
their official -capacity we are extending to
them recognition by the Senate as repre
sentatives of a Government not recognized
by the President."
WASHINGTON, May 21.— A pyro
technic discussion oi the status
of the Boor Commissioners now
in Washington was precipitated
in the Senate to-day by a reso
lution offered by Allen of Nebraska ex
tending to the Commissioners the privi
lege of the fioor of the Senate during their
sojourn in the national capital. The reso
lution was defeated by a vote of 36 to 21.
but not until after a sharp controversy
between its author and Davis, chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Allen maintained that the resolution was
In lino with precedents, while Davis con
tended that In the present circumstances
the Senate ought not take any action that
might be considered a recognition of Boer
diplomats until the President, who alone
had the power to receive diplomatic rep*
resentatires. had taken action.
Allen Cites Precedents.
Allen maintained It was the universal
practice of the Senate to extend to such
visitors the courtesies of the Senate, cit
ing the recognition by the Senate of
Charles Stuart Parnell years ago and the
more recent recognition of Lord Herschell
and the members of the joint High Com
mission from Canada. The Boer Commis
sioners, he said, desired to lay before the
American people the facts concerning the
present war. They were not seeking any
thing: but th<» friendly offices of this Gov
ernment and that natural sympathy
which they had a right. Allen thought,
to expect from a people so devoted to the
cause of liberty as were the Americans.
Davis of Minnesota, chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, opposed
the resolution.
"This resolution," said he, "recognizes
thp gentlemen by name as the Commls
rionera of the South African governments.
That recognition by the constitution is
confined exclusively to the President of
SECRETARY HAY— STEP RIGHT IN, GENTLEMEN, BUT LEAVE YOUR BAGGAGE OUTSIDE."
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
By a Vote of Thirty-Six to Twenty-One the South
African Commissioners ¦ Are Refused the Priv
ileges of the Floor in the Upper House.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON*. May 21.-N'eely
may escape punishment for
his fraudulent and scandalous
conduct In Havana, There is
crav© danger of that owing to
the knotty legal problem to be
Solved In connection with his extradition.
The Senate Committee on Judiciary
epeat several hours to-day in discussion
ot legislation in order to make his extra
dition absolutely certain, but adjourned
without taking any definite action. An
other meeting Is to be held later In the
week for the purpose of. agreeing, If pos
sible, upon a measure which will accom
plish this end. but so many different
views are entertained by members of
the committee of both houses that it Is
by no means certain that an extradition
measure can be enacted during the re
maining days of the session. Without
legislation Neely, it is feared, will be able
through habeas corpus proceedings to
prevent hla extradition.
Senator Hoar's unwillingness to have
the Philippines Included In the list of de
pendencies covered by the pending extra
dition bill accounts for the failure of the
Judiciary Committee to-day, and has re
sulted in the framing of several measures
different from the one transmitted to both
bouses by Attorney General Grjggs.
In the opinion of the members of the
committee Mr. Griggs 1 bill is not suffi
ciently broad in scope to cover all possi
bilities of escape from crimes committed
In the new dependencies. The measure
which met*ts with the most general ap
proval is one introduced in the Senate to
3ay by Fairbanks, which provides for the
extradition of fugitives from Cuba and
all of the new American dependencies
who may escape to the United States or
any foreign country. Griggs' bill only
applied to the United States and Cuba,
and it was pointed out in the discussion
to-day that should Neely take refuge in
t,'unada or any other foreign country It
would be impossible under its provisions
to extradite him.
Director Rathbone Suspended-
The Postmaster General has suspended
Director General of Posts Rathbone and
appointed Fourth Assistant Postmaster
Uer.eral Bristow Acting Director General
»f Posts in Cuba.
It is presumed that the action taken
to-day was based upon reports received
by the Postmaster General from Fourth
Assistant Posimaster General Bristow at
Havana. The Postmaster General, when
asked if Mr. Rathbone's suspension was
due simply to negligence in administering
•Cuban jwjstal affairs .--aid that such might
Jje the inference drawn. When* asked
whether 2&r. Rathbone was at liberty to
leave the Island the Postmaster General
replied that Ocneral Wood had control
uf that branch of the subject and would
act as he thought proper. As it was
stated, however, that the ex-Director
General would be Investigated together
with ail others connected with the alleged
frauds, it is apparent that he is under
surveillance en.i cannot leave the island.
Whether or not his connection with the
postal service has been .severed perma
nently was not stated.
The" Postmaster General said he would
welcome an investigation of the postal
affairs of Porto Kico, as he was continent
they would bear the closest exposure, ln
etances of loss of postal funds had oc
turred there several months ago, but it
was decided that the department could
not make out a. case strong enough to
convict in the island courts. It is under
stood that a compromise was effected and
the department carries on Its books
several thousand dollars as a loss. It is
stated on good authority that the clerk
who wa? involved in the case was dis
missed from the office at Ponce and when
be later attempted to enter the Cuban
service was denied an appointment.
Heeves Makes Confession.
HAVANA, May 21.— Fourth Assistant
Postmaster General Bristow to-day took
over the direction of the postal affairs of
the Island, relieving Kstes G. Rathbone.
director of j>OFts, 'who was susj>ended on
although formal announcement
of the susjw-nsion was not made
until to-day. It had been generally con
ceded that suspension must come, as the
chances against Air. Rathbone of criminal
negligence have been multiplying daily.
It is asserted that he has not shown any
Indications of a desire to have official rec
ords kept ar.d that he has improperly in
dorsed expense accounts, his own and
Neely 'p. to a surprising degree. During
the investigation now in progress Kath
bone will not be allowed to leave the
Inland. It is reported that \V. H. Reeves,
In his confession, made charges that re
flect seriously on Sir. Rathbone' s honesty.
Bristow and the inspectors have found
nothing but chaos throughout the entire
department. Often no records were kept
for days at a time, and to Ret a thorough
lnsiglit calls for the services of every in
spector dow here. A considerable time
must elai>:«e before the facts of the case
will- be known. Indeed, it is doubtful if
the muddle will ever t>e entirely cleared
up. Every letter received must be gone
through and every possible transaction
carefully recorded.
Brii«tow has a^ked General Wood to ap
point a. disbursing officer for the present,
as he prefers an army man, not knowing
The m«-n In the local ofiice and not Inlng
able to spare a single inspector, in view of
the onerous investigation ahead of him.
Deputy Auditor Law-she had Ftoeves
brought to the office to-day to assist.
Keeves was In charge of Special Agent
White and had an Interview with General
Wood which lasted more than an hour.
It is »:n<^rstood that he furnished valua
ble information which is helping to clear
away certain matters In doubt, although
in a few instances the statements of his
confession have not yet been verified or
corroborated.
Cuban Postal Frauds.
I>irector of Posts Hatbbone Suspend
ed and General Wood Trying to
Straighten Out Tangled
MANY MEASURES
HAVE BEEN FRAMED
Knotty Problem of Extradi
tion Not Yet Solved
by Congress.
NEELY MAY
ESCAPE ALL
PUN ISHMENT
SENATE DENIES ADMISSION TO
ENVOYS OF BOER REPUBLICS
THE SAX FRANCISCO , CALX, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1900.
2
ernmonts, it was within the power of the
Senate alone to determine who should be
admitted to its floor. .
Teller said we had already recognized
the South African republics and had sent
diplomatic representatives to them.
Davis paid he did not Jvnow that any
body had denied the South African re
publics were independent countries.
"Hut that is not the question," said ho.
"It is a fact that neither of these states
has ever before attempted to send dip
lomatic representatives to the United
States. It is also a fact that the United
States has never sent diplomatic repre
sentatives to them."
"It has sent Consuls," Interjected Till
man.
"That is .just the mistake the Senator
makes," replied Davis. "A Consul is not
a diplomatic officer. The situation is just
this: The South African republics for the
first time have sent Commissioners who
are diplomatic representatives to the
United States. They ask to enter into
International relations with us of a cer
tain nature and for certain action by this
Government. Before any consideration of
this matter can be entered into by the
Senate these gentlemen must be received
by the President in that capacity to which
they are accredited tn the Government of
the United States. It is no part of tho
functions of either branch of Congress to
Were Not From Camp Pi3tolesi.
MEYER ELECTROCUTED.
:i'jz< WABNEB'S BEMEDIES.
THE STRENUOUSiiFE
OF TO-DAY MORE WEARING ON
WOMEN THAN ON MEN.
HOW BEST TO AID NATURE IN THE
UNEQUAL STRUGGLE.
Dr. Cyrus Edson, the great specialist, says In
the- North American Review, these true words:
"This American life of ours is far more wearir. s
on women than on men. They have, as a rtil».
more nervous organization, they are intensely
affected by the strain. Two or three children
are born- and the mother is a. physical wreck,
she ages soon, far sooner than she should, and
drags her weary days along."
The delicate nervous organization ot women,
especially when sreat strain is put upon it.
needs assistance, and in the simple vegetable
scientific preparation. "Warner's Safa Cure, this
aid Is surely found. This statement Is no Idle
Ixyist. but an established fact, educed from re-
sults attained through the use of this great
specific In all parts of the civilized world for
the past quarter of a century.
Knowing the inherent modesty of women,
Warner's Safe Cure Co. has secured the services
of M— . Alice E. McCu'.Iouirh. M. D.. who will
grlve medical advice free to any applying" for.
same.
The subjoined testimonial from & well known
and trustworthy woman is but a sample of
those dally received:
Mrs. J. W. Arnold of Lafayette. R. 1.. wrrtes
as follows: "I had been allinir quite a while,
not sick enough to be- in bed but Just felt bad
all over; palpitation, a faint feeling- at ¦ my
stomach, then flashes of heat all ever; lama
back, retention of fluids, then again too co-
pious; sickness at stomach, treadacha over eyes
and too of head, also at back of neck. I had
no ambition, my work was a drag on me, could
not sleer> well, not much appetite and wa*
thoroughly disenuraged. At this Juncture a
friend advised the use of Warner's Safe Cure
and I tried it. three bottles in all. and have
continued tn good health ever since. My ag«
M 45, am a farmer's wife and have lots to do.
You are at liberty to use this as you think best,
as I have to thank Safe Cure for the good
health I enjoy to-day." '
OCEAN TBAVEL.
¦ i
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
"Will Dispatch the ITut and Commodious Iroa
Steamship
"CHARLES D, LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
* y. WARREN, Master.
4 ....FOR....
VIA SEATTLE,
WILL. POSITIVELY SAIL
THURSDAY, NOON, MAY 24.
Receives freight up to 5 p. m. 33d ir.st.
For tickets and Information apply at room t,
22 Market at. - . .,. _ _ . -. _
CHARLE3 COXKLH*. 8CT iTarket at.
J. G. UcGALL, 504 Market st.
Ma
Commercial Coipy
Will Dispatch From San Francisco Direct for
NOME
i J —AND— i . J * ._¦ i\
St. Michael
TUB FIRST-CLASS
S. S. SAN JOSE
BAxusra
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
, AT 3 P. it. _.__A_—
• FOR RATES APPfcT TO
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COK-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and, HONGKONG, calling at
Kob? <HW>go). Nagasaki ami Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
j dla. etc. No cargo received on board on 'day
of sailing. ' •; -
SS HONGKONG MARt
Thursday. June 14. l»x>
«;<?"\ipPOX MAU1" Tuesday, July 10. 1900
S3. AMERICA MARC.........
Friday, August 3, 13C0
Via Honolulu.
Round trln tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company"* -office.
421 Market street, rorner First.
W. II. AVERT. General Agent.
Ocewic s.s. co.— nosniuiu, apia
AtCKLOO AND SYDNEY.
e S AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only).....
.. ..-Wednesday. May 30. 19C0. 3 p. m.
S "W il\RIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. ...Wed.. June 13, S p.m.
1. ii* sPrftCKELS & B*OS.CO.. «gts.. _ montgomerj
Pier 7. Foat Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market SL
rs/V/>M9/\<> ¦ |mir HATHOB USSOO Toss
/lll%|9i5N I I Wr OCTAVIA.700OTc.es
HlVOHlvi) Lllli. LUXOR ...66COToni
SEKAJI3 .4000 Toa«
3Ion*uly laUlaz for Vn'.piraiao and Ham burs
I via Mexican porr*. Central, Souiii America, etc
S.S. Luxor, KCO tons. »ail3 about June 5;
i], srSKrlKLS - BROS. WK. »*mt», IM Xont ; 5». r7 St
CCaPAGNIU f ESEEALE TRANS ATLASTI3CS.
DIRECT LINE TO IIAVRE-PAK13. ++*^.
sailing every Thursday Instead of «^fi\i>
Saturday, from November 2. 13J9. at — *»**Bfc
10 a., m.. Irom Pl*r 42. North niver. foot of
Morton st. L'AQUlTAtNE. May 24: LA TOU-
RA1NE, May 31. LA BKETAGNE. June 7: LA
LORRAINE. June 14. First class to Havre.
}W and upward; S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $«; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOll UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson buildlne). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast Agent*. S Mont-
gomery avenue. S_ FraacUi*.
IU lily balms ij$
,[ \\,, y_JJ^ ¦ Wp would like to have all sick and suf- jl^rsp
./,) L"i — -<I ferine: humanity know what ELECTRO- (f/V
;WEto_i»-_«.er-^ ZONK is and what it will do for thorn. ZZi
>J*%S!W 1 "J32& We wish it distinctly understood that it ftf.*!
•4rar<L£iK$SJks£i^ is :1 reliable remedy and stands upon its LT*§»*
5«C : A»*<3Mfc?'** l !H'« own merits — possessing great curative <£ 4Q
»ffitw«iwW?!ax3>-»-^ qualities, which has lie.'n proven by the f&Pd
y^'vC* 5 ' 1 — p^- testimony of the thousands of people that %/$
I | - have been cured. It is not to be classed "^A«
( I,,.' 'Vvj, \ ' with ordinary remedies — it lias been- PFMh
j 111' ¦ proven superior. Diseases of years' stand- I^Sfj
\'.\\\ 'sK&b,-__ r*^S iiiK that have not been benefited by any [.v±&
fw^^f^S^4^V s t^ " thf r remedy have yielded to ELECTRO- S'V^
iJ^'^iSlA^Sr*?! ZONE. The way ciif's at;.> effected truly »>2
3 > /N?t'^93wk«J_433 seems marvelous. Thousands willingly 2fo*
- J k^*^Sttm.»^S\*(J! ! A 1'»ln in praise of this Croat curative. 2^54
e^S^-j'Ro&iv'fcS^ ELECTROZONE is the prreatest of nil i%VS
%frH®*"(B!*^S f S5r^W ' remedial aeents to alleviate the terrible S»»S?
suffering of diseased humanity. g^
ELECTROZONE is curing women SS
. and men in all portions of the VA
jr^ 1^^ civilized world— it will cure you, W&
i*s^*5)}v Are you sufferins from any of the be- £tf£
Sg^^-3, Kidney and Bladder Ailments, kS
tiL-i^ Stomach Trouble, J^j
i^^^ ' Female Complaints, raj
¦ I \\i ' ' —^ "^ » NorumicnoQC and •I^w2
iU p, -rt"F^ llcl VUUollCoo flllU
W^*g*5~^ . All Blood Diseases, %fi
Wi£2 t * i a&&b$ Most diseases originate In an impure ftiH*
r^stgftV'^pi - condition of the blood. ELECTROZONE l£J>
2?dMk*Jt£r& IL i.c.ta on the bloorl and removes all lmpurl- M&?
— : — j ties, Kivinp it richness, purity and nour- JSkSi
¦ „¦ .'/ >RC^; „ ishing power. ... - ( - KXi
I'l. ¦•" Jl>%>\ . At'Urutrglsts'.. •; Send for pamphlet' to ,; ¦• 3t*i
-^_ $1 bottle. ¦-..- ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., • S«
U^^mr^. an Franclsco - &J
OCEAN TBAVEL.
j ; —^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ Steamers leave Broadway
K. wharf, San Francisco:
yjjfrh^. Fcr Al»3kan ports— 11 a. m..
PSFjyjK May 21, 26. 31. June 3. Chang*
MfifctPiggiBH. to company's steamers a:
ItsMSW >Wm For Victoria. Vancouver (Ti.
' fjRAr!>«yJai c) - FoTl Towns*ad, Seattle,
lr^^K2*_\ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
™ 11 a. m.. May 21. 24. 81. June
5. and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Beattl« to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G N. Ry.: at Tacom* to N. P. Ky. : at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 19 a. m.. May
IS, 23. 28. June t, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos ¦ Port-Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los AnKeles) and Newport—
9 a. m.. May 19. 23. 27. 3L June 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopplnjr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Ansreles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. May 17. 21. 23. 29, June 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Mardalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. •
The company reserves the right to chanr»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE-4 Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Cen. Agents.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & !«. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spesr-street wharf at 11 a. m.
PARC Sl2 First Class Including Berth
frlliC $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 23. June 3
COLUMBIA SAILS.. May 13. 28. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and al! points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
.Superintendents.
*—
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 23 St. Louis June 13
New York May 30 New York June 20
St. Paul June e St. Paul June 27
RED STAf* LINE.
New York, arjd Antwers.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Westernland ...May 23 Friesland June 13
Kensington May 30 Southwark June 20
Noordland June 6 Westernland ...June 27
EMPIRE LIME.
S. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael May Hth. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon River
Points., June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apdy to . •
EMPIRK TRANSPORTATION CO..
SO Montgomery Street.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPAHY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR NOME
The well-known "Alaska Flyer" and most
popular boat In the Alaska service,
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
POSITIVE SAILING
WEDNESDAY MAT 3,
FROM STEUART STREET WHARF at 3
O'CLOCK P. If. SHARP.
Bookings now being made for second sailing
S. S. ZEALANDIA. S
For freight and passenger rates aDDly at
office
The ALASKA EXPLOBATIOM CO,. 139 Post St.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURG.
„ „„ For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dw'y.N'.Y.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before departure.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. ARts. for Paclflc Coast.
401 California «t.. corner Sansome. S. F.
NOMEI
ECHOONKR JULIA E. WHALEN.
(At Howard 3).
WILL SAIL ADOUT MAY 23.
For freight and passage apply on board or
2_Callfornla st.. or at mill, 613 Third st.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamer "Monticello."
MON... Tues., Wed., Tburs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. rn. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. ra.. g
p. ra. Landing and office Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
j FARE 50oWants His Presents Back.
OAKLAND, May 21.— In the action of
Manuel de Leveira to recover certain
property from his wife, Judge Hall has
given judgment for the defendant. Sev
eral months ago Leveira deeded some
property at Haywards to his wife on con
dition that she agree to return and live
with him. they having been estranged for
some time. Mrs. Leveira agreed and did
return, but soon left her husband for the
second time. She claims that she was
cruelly treated by Leveira.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— The Kentucky
frovemorstip casM» was to-day decided by
t*M United States Supreme Court in the
Interest of Beckham affirming the deci
sion of the Kentucky Court of Appeals.
The opinion was handed down by Chief
Justice Fuller.' and the case was dis
ntssed for •wa'nt of jurisdiction and on
the ground that the determination of
case? of this character, contests for State
oflicfs. must necessarily be settled by the
political branch of the government. That
branch. It was Ftated. had acted in the
Kentucky case when the General Assem
bly took jurisdiction. There was no ap
peal from the Assembly's decision, which
v.as favorable to Go.-bel and Beckham,
except the tribunal of the people, which
tribunal, the Chief Justice paid, was al
ways in session. He also paid the case
xvas purely a State case — that Kentucky
v.'ajs !n the full possession of Its faculties
bf a rr.rmher of the Union, and that there
was no emergency at thrs time calling for
irterfTenc*.
The opinion in the Kentucky case »-.u
not unanimous, thre** of the Justices <1If
tentir.f:. Justir^s Brewer. Harlan nnd Mc-
Kenna wpr<> the tiissentlrg Justices.
Text of the Decision.
After reviewing the fnct?. Chief Justice
Fuller said:
It 1* obvtoariy essential to th* independence
cf the States and to their j#sce and tranquillity
that their power to prescribe th<» qualifications
rf the'.r own officers, the tenure of their offices.
the manner of their election and the grounds
rn attch the tribunals before which and the
rnrxje In which such elections may be con-
VMed. should be excluded and free from ex
t-rnal Interference esoept so far as plainly
iroviaed by the constitution of the United
DATE FOR DUAL TRACK MEET.
California and Pennsylvania to Com-
pete on May 28.
PRINCETON. N. J.. May 21.—An
nouncement was made to-day by Captain
Drum that the proposed dual track meet
between the University of California and
the University of Pennsylvania has been
set for May 2S.
Stamps for Hawaii.
LOS ANGELES, May 21.— M. H. Flint,
postal inspector for this district, will leave
San Francisco for Honolulu on June 1 with
$50,000 worth of United States postal
stamps for use on the islands. The trans
fer of the postal department of Hawaii to
the United States will take place on June
2S. Inspector II. P. Hall has already gone
to Honolulu to assist in the work.
Appointed by the Pope.
PORTLAN^D, Or., May 21.— Rev. Dr.
Rooker, secretary to Monslgnor 'Martlnel
li, papal delegate to the United States,
who is now in this city, to-day announced
that the Pope has appointed Henry T.
Miller, chancellor of the archdiocese of
Cincinnati, to be Bishop of Ohio, and Rev.
Henry Granjon of Baltimore to be Bishop
of Tucson, Ariz. . .
Clark Receives His Credentials.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— Senator Clark
of Montana to-day received his commis
sion as Senator from Lieutenant Governor
SprlRgs of Montana, but he said upon
loavlng the capitol to-night that he had
not decided when his credentials should
be presented In the Senate.
The Martinltes took the town by storm
to-night and 2000 strong, headed by a
band, paraded the streets, cheering and
shouting for their victorious candidates
and Johnnie Mackenzie, whose general
ship won to-day's battle.
The homes of Mayor Martin and L. Lion
were visited, where both of those sene
naded made speeches. Never before in
the history of the city has such enthus
iasm over an election been shown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 21.— The citizens'
movement for reform in politics met
a Waterloo' in to-day's election at
the hands of practical politicians.
The rout resulted from lack of or
ganization and workers, while Johnnie
Mackenzie handled the gang fight in per
son and his ticket went through without
a hitch." Mayor C. J. Martin was re
elected over Harry J. Kd wards by a ma
jority of 629, while Treasurer Thomas J.
McGeoghegan's majority 13 1174. The
other officers elected are: J. W. Cook,
City Clerk; J. J. Cherrie. Councilman
from the Second "Ward, and D. A. Porter,
Councilman from the Third AVard.
The election was one of the most
spirited in the history of the city and the
outcome was a sort of surprise, as it was
generally claimed on the street that Ed
wards would win. Edwards had the nom
ination of the Citizens' Committee of One
Hundred, the indorsement of the Pastors'
Knlon and was supported by the Jeffer
sonian Democracy and the Reform Dem
ocrats. Martin and his mates, who are
all Incumbents, except the Councllmen,
had the support of the Rea gang.
Being the first election under the new
charter added interest; as the party nom
inating 1 conventions were abolished and
all candidates were compelled to go on
the ticket by petition. The day passed
off quietly and heavy voting was done in
the forenoon. The -vote was slightly be
low that of two years ago. 3884 votes be
ing cast. The result Is a complete victory
for the gang, who will now control the
city for the next two years. Leaders of
the citizens' party fail to account for the
landslide except Indifference on the part
of voters. Mayor Martin says the result
is an Indorsement of his administration
and that the only reason he sought re
election was that he might carry out
plans already laid— the applying of the
cash basis fund in two years to free the
city of debt.
E. B. Mercadler, Socialist-Labor party
candidate for Mayor, received SI votes.
The vote for the various candidates was:
Mayor, Martin 2218, Edwards 1589; Clerk
Cook 2234. Dougherty 1538: Treasurer, Mc-
Geoghegan 2414, Fischer 1340; Councilman
Second Ward, Cherrle 2204, Mlllard 1293;
Councilman Third Ward, Porter 2053. Lord
1553.
MAYOR C. J. MARTIN OF SAN JOSE.
States, and where controversies over the elec
tion of State officers have reached the State
ooitrts In the manner provided and have been
determined In accordance with State consti
tutions an-j lawn the cases must necessarily be
rare In which the interference of this court
can be properly invoked.
The Chief Justice then reviewed the
cases of Boyd vs. Thayer, Wilson vs.
North Carolina. Junard vs. Louisiana and
Foster vs. Arkansas, and continued:
The grounds on v.-hich our jurisdiction Is
nought to be maintained in the present case
are eet forth in the errors assigned to the fol
; lowing effect, in substance:
1. That t!ie action of the General Assembly
! in the matter of contests deprives plaintiffs
in error of their offices without due process of
law.
2. That the action nf the fSeneral Assembly
deprives the people of Kentucky of the right
to chnose their own representatives secured by
th* guarantee of the Federal constitution of a
, republican form of sovernment to every State
-and decrives them of their political liberty
i without due crocer-s of law.
For more than 100 years the constitution of
j Kentucky has provide that contested elections
j for Governor and Llemenant Governor shall be
: determined ny the General Assembly — In 1790
by a committee "to be selected from both
. h"U!M>s r.f the Orneral Assembly and framed
! and r^Biilatfvi Jn *uch a manner as Ehall be
I directed by law": since l?."iO by both houses of
the General Assembly "according to such regu
lations as may be established by law."
General Assembly's Powers.
The highest court of tlio State has often held
and In the present case lias again declared that
und^r their constitutional provisions the power
, of the General Assembly to determine the re
i suit is exclusive and that Its decision is not
j nwn to Judicial review.
I The Ftatute cnartMl for the purpose of carry
j ing th<* provision of the constitution into. effect
' has been in existence in substance since 1790,
and many States have similar constitutional
;.rovipions> and similar statute*.
We do not understand this statute to be ob- |
i Jfofd tr> as in any manner obnoxious to con
| ftitutional objection, but that plalnt'ffs In
error complain of the action of the General !
Assembly under the statute under the judg- I
m^nt ¦•f the State courts declining to disturb
that action.
It must be admitted that the view that public
I office Is tnt j-roporty has been generally en
tertained In this country.
Quoting Butler vs. the United States
and Crenshaw vs. the United States, the
Chief Justice continued:
The decisions are numerous to the effect that
public offices are mere agencies or trusts and
not property, as such, nor are the salary and
emoluments property, secured by contract, but
compensation for services actually rendered.
N'or does the fact that a constitution may for
! bid the Legislature from abolishing: a public
office or diminlshln? the salary thereof dur
ing- the term of the Incumbent, change Its char
acter or make it property. True, restrictions
limit the power of the Legislature to deal witn
the office, but even such restrictions may be
removed by constitutional amendment.
In short, the nature of the relation of a
public office to the public is, generally speak
ing, inconsistent with either a property or a
contract rishL
Views of the Dissenters.
There were three dissenting opinions,
but in only one of these was the opinion
exprppspd that the decision of the Ken
tucky Court of Appeals should be re
versed. This was delivered by Justice
Harlan. Justice McKenna was the first
of the dissenters to be heard. He stated
that while he concurred in the result, he
was not prepared to pay that a public of
fice was not property.
Justice Brewer also expressed views an
tagonistic to those of the court on the
point of office as property. He held the
view that the United States courts were
not without jurisdiction; but contended
that the decision of the Kentucky courts
should be affirmed, instead of dismissing
the writ of error. He agreed ¦with the
Court of Appeals of Kentucky, that upon
the award of the Assembly no other judg
ment couli be entered than that which
sustained it.
Justice Harlan, in his dissent, quoted
various authorities and then said: .
Notwithstanding this adjudication, the de
cision to-<lay is that this court has no Juris
diction to Inquire whether the citizen has been
deprived without due process of law of an
office heM »>>• him under the constitution and
Jaws <•>< this State. If the contest between
the one holding the office and the person seek
i!iK to hold it is determinable by the Legls-
I8tur<\ in a prescribed mode, this court, it
appears, cannot inquire whether that mode
»af pursued and cannot interfere for the pro
tfvtion r>r the Incumbent, even if the final act
of th» I>tKii«lature was confessedly capricious
and arbitrary, inconsistent with the recognized
principles that belong to due process of law
and not baport in any degree on evidence taken
In the contest.
If the Kentucky legislature had wholly dis
regarded th* mode prescribed by the statutes
or that State and without appointing a board
of contest, composed of its own members, had
by joint resolution simply declared Goebel
Governor and especially If such action had
been held by the highest court of the State
to be conclusive, this court, as we are In
formed by the decision Just rendered would
be without Jurisdiction to protect the incum
bent, for the reason, as is now adjudged, that
the office in dispute Is not properly within
the meaning of the fourteenth amendment.
Permits Theft of Office.
So that while we may inquire whether or
not the citizen's land or his mulea have been
taken from htm by the legislative, executive
or Judicial authorities of his State without due
process of law, we may not Inquire whether
the Legislature or Judicial authorities of a.
State have without due process of law ousted
one lawfully elected and holding the office
of Governor for a fixed term with a salary
which cannot be diminished during guch term,
and put Into his place one whom the people
have said should not exercise the authority
appertaining to that high position. When the
fourteenth amendment forbade any State from
depriving any person of life, liberty or property
without due process of law. I had supposed
that the purpose was to guard persons against
being deprived of any legal right In violation
of the fundamental guarantees that Inhere in
due process of law. >
But it seems that under our system of Gov
ernment, the right of a citizen to exercise a
State office to which he has been lawfully
elected by the people may. go far as the con
stitution of the United States . Is concerned,
be taken from him by the arbitrary action of
a State Legislature In uttw disregard of tne
principle that Anglo-Saxon freemen have for
centuries dee-med tt be ¦ essential to the re
quirement of due - process of. law. I cannot
SAW THE WTLD MAN".
Adventure of Fred Birlem and Ho-w-
ard Martin in Marin County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOUNT TAMAI.PAIS. May a.-Fred
Birlem of 2005 Gre*«n street. San Fran
cisco, and Howard Morton, musical critlo
for several local journals, met with v an>
adventure while camping on th« moun
tain side Saturday night /which effect
ually deprived them of th«(r rest, and but
for "their presence of mind might have
resulted seriously.
Birlem and Morton left San Francisco
on Saturday night intending to ascend
Mount Tamalpais and watch the sunns*
on Sunday morning. When they had
climbed some distance they decided to
camp for a while and resume the ascent
when rested. Birlem was just dozing off
when a crackling in the brush aroused
him. He Mashed on a club electric light
he carried and its rays showed him »
wild figure standing over him. He drew
a pistol and the mysterious intruder
turned and rushed down th* mountain
side yelling like a demon. Both younR
men think that they encountered th" fa
mous wild man of Tamalpais, but more
skeptical friends say a marauding tramp
caused their fright.
Favors the Canal Bill.
Saloon Men Lose.
SANTA ANA. May 21.— The Chamber ot
Commerce here to-day sent telegrams to
both Senators Bard and Perkins, urging
them to use all honorable means to bring
the Nicaragua canal biil before the Senat<*
during the present session of Congress.
LONG BEACH. Cal.. May 21.— At tha
election to-day to determine whether sa
loons should be allowed to run the vota
was against saloons by 100 majority, tha
total vote cast beinjr 403.
SUPREME COURT
SEATS BECKHAM
Three Justices Dissent From the
Decisioo iQ t-be Kentucky
Governorship Congest.
Reform Forces Lay Their Defeat
to IndiffereQce oq the Part
MARTIN RE-ELECTED
MAYOR OF SAN JOSE
ResolTed, That the packers ber» assembled
•re in favor of organizing . themselves Into an
Incorporation, to the end that they may b«
atria to tr&nsaot their bualnesa with the Cured
Fruit Association a> an Individual.
Resolved. That w» agree to modify the pro
vision in th* packers' contract relatlnn to flsed
prices by eliminating therefrom the clause re
lating to the same, and agree* that prices ma.y
ho made by the hoard of directors of th" Fruit
Association, from time to tlmo. an Sn tV.-»if
Judgment mar b« deemed advisable.
Resolved, That w« are willing to co-operat«
with the association under the terms of our
contract, subject to the modifications suggested
in the foregoing resolutions, upon such percent
age less than 99 per cent, as th» board of di
rectors of the Fruit Association shall dec!d«
upon.
It is agreed that this association of packers
will buy fruit only from th« nrower» ¦who bav»
signed the contract with the association, and
they will not employ brokers. In the Eait or
elsewhere, ether than those who restrict them
•elvec to handling the goods of the association.
Resolved. That a committee of Bve b* ap
pointed to formulate and carry cut a plan for
corporate organization.
Resolved, That William Griffin. Ralph Her
scy. A. G. Freeman. A. J. Hecbtman— anit>A.
TV". Porter an alternate— and F. S. Johnson b«
appointed as that committee.
The meeting then adjourned, subject to>
th*> call of the committed of organization.
After learning the action taken by th«
packers' meeting to-day Prp?lc>nr Bond
of th* Fruit Association stated that *f
the members of the association approved
of the modifications made in th« packers*
contract as expressed in th«» resoliitlons
passed by the packers at thflr meetinjt
the association would go ahead and
handle the present crop.
assent to this Interpretation of the fourteenth
amendment.
FLOWERS CAST UPON
GRAVE OF GOEBEL
FRANKFORT. Ky., May 21.— The an
nouncement of the Supreme Court's deci
sion at Washington In the Governorship
contest was received here with the wild
est demonstration on the part of the Dem
ocrats. The nrebells' were ringing, can
non booming and the city was put in holi
day attire in honor of Governor Beckham.
A touching incident of the day occurred
this evening, when 2000 people marched to
the cemeterv, each wearing a flower,
which was cast upon the grave of the late
William Goebel, making the little mound
which marks his last resting place a vast
bank of flowers. There were no ceremo
nies at the grave except a prayer by Rev.
T. F. Taliaferro of the Methodist church.
This afternoon the Taylor soldiers who
have been in charge of the State Capitol
building, and grounds since January 30,
the day Governor Goebel was assassin
ated. evacuated and turned the State
grounds, the Gatling guns and military
equipments over to Assistant Adjutant
General Merray, a Democrat. The Taylor
soldiers before giving up their sovereignty
on the State Capitol square were lined up
by Adjutant General Collier who *ot««>"v
notified them he had orders from GovernO P
Taylor to dismiss all the soldiers, auu
that the evacuation would begin at once.
There was hurry and bustle for the next
hour, and at 5 o'clock special coaches
backed up in front of the Statehouse for
the, use of the soldiers. Before they left
cheers were given for the deposed Gov
ernor. W. S. Taylor; ex-Governor Bradley,
Charles Finley. Caleb Powers and others.
FINLEY ARRESTED AND
FORTHWITH RELEASED
INDIANAPOLIS, May il.— Charles Fin
ley, ex-Secretary of the State of Ken
tucky, was arrested here for complicity in
the Goebel plot. Governor Mount re
fused to honor a requisition for Flnley's
return and Finley was released.
TAYLOR YIELDS TO
THE NEW GOVERNOR
LOUISVILLE. May 21.— Governor Tay
lor has Issued the following order:
To General D. R. Collier. Frankfort, Ky.—
The Supreme Court of the United Stat«9 hav-
I Ing decided, In favor of Mr. Beckhatn. nothlnc
remains now to be done except to dismiss the
militia and surrender your office to your suc
cessor, appointed by Mr. Beckham. You are,
therefore, directed to at once dismiss tht? mili
tia and to surrender your office to your suc
cessor as soon as the mandate of the Supreme
Court Is filed, or sooner. If you wish. Tender
the militia my kindest regards and sincere
thanks for their brave, manly and patriotic
service. W. S. TAYLOR.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May 21.— The California
Cured Fruit Association has not secured
the requisite 90 per cent of the prune
acreage of the State and the handling of
the crop along different lines will be tried.
At to-day's conference with the packers'
committee President Bond of the asso
ciation announced that but 79 per cent
of the total bearing prune acreage had
been secured and 23 per cent of that had
been* signed on. the proviso that the as
sociation would control 90 per cent. This
released the packers from their contract
with the association.
President Bond was confident with mod
ifications the association would be a suc
cess. The suggestion was made that the
packers organize and treat with the as
sociation as a body. The Cured Fruit As
sociation would secure the expression of
all its members as to whether they were
willing to let the association handle their
fruit if in the opinion of the directors
enough had be»n signed to warrant them
going ahead. Stable prices of dried fruit
could not be guaranteed, but from time to
time as the conditions of the market war
ranted the directors would set the price
of fruit. This would eliminate the com
petition of growers outside the associa
tion and strengthen the association tn
case the full percentage could not be se
cured. The packers readily accepted this
proposal and agreed to buy fruit only
from members of the association.
Letters will at once be sent to all mem
bers of the association asking it they are
willing to accept these changes. The di
rectors are confident that those who are
now in the association will do so. In
fact many of the prune men outside the
association are expected to now come in.'
The packers* committee held an extend
ed session discussing the details of the
new agreement. Organization among
themselves will do away with ruinous
cutting of prices that have characterized
former years and they predict that all
the big packers would Join m the com
bine. The following resolutions were then
passed by the packers:
Directors Will Be Permitted to Set
the Price of Fruit, Thus Prob
ably Eliminating Ruin
ous Competition.
Packers Agree to Buy Only
From Members of the
Association.
FRUIT GROWERS
HAVE ADOPTED
NEW METHOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1900.
Prisoner Tries : to. Die.
V OAKLAND. May 21.— While In' delirium
from drink J. C. ? Me Vey, a peddler, -tried
to commit suicide by gas asphyxiation to
day in his : cell - at the City Prison. - He
was i unconscious ' when he- was.-, found,
but was '¦¦ resuscitated.
PHILADELPHIA— Senator Quay has an
nounced his candidacy for re-election to the
Senate.
ST. PETERSBURG— The Czar has ratified all
the articles agreed on at The Hague Peace Con
ference.
PRINCETON. N. J.— The body of Philip K.
Hay, one of the two. sophomores drowned in
the Kingstown Dam, was recovered.
XEW YORK— All prades of refined sugars
have been advanced five points, except coarse
granulated and extra fine granulated.
TOPEKA, Kan.— The National Conference of
Charities and Corrections discussed partisan
ship In the administration of charitable and
penal institutions.
WASHINGTON— The drainag? canal case,
affecting the Chicago Iliver and St. Louis, was
ordered for oral hearing at the next term of
the Supreme Court.
SAN DIEGO— The steamer Ignacio Mariscal,
eleven days overdue from I/iwer California
porte. has arrived here. She will coal and pro
ceed to San Francisco.
CHICAGO— Judge Tuley, who was informally
indorsed by th»v Cook County Democracy as
their nominee for Governor, issued an open let
ter declining that honor.
SANTA ROSA— T. J. Owens has entered a
plea in Judge Burnett's court of not guilty
of the, murder of EM Hale at Lytton Springs
last month. His trial is se£ for June 14.
NEW YORK— Mrs. Fitzhugh Lee. wife of the
Military Governor of Havana, and members of
her family, arrived here on board the United
States transport Sedgwlck from Havana.
SEATTLE— A telegram from London an
nounces that bonds worth a million dollars had
been floated In I»ndnn for the buiMInc of the
Seattle and Tacoma iriterurban electric line.
HELENA— Governor Smith has filled the
vacancy on the Supreme Bench caused by the
resignation of Associate Justice Hunt, by ten
dering the appointment to R. Lee Word, an
attorney of this city. ,
BERLIN — The streetcar strike has been set
tled by the mediation of the Burgomaster. The
men have accepted the offers of the directors to
give more frequent increase of wages until the
highest scale is reached.
BERLIN— During the debate on the meat
Inspection In the Reichstag, Baron von "Wan
genlielm. chairman of the Farmers' Alliance,
said no reliance could be placed on the control
exercised over meat abroad.
HALFMOON BAY— An unknown peddler was
thrown from his wagon on the road' between
Halfmoon Bay and San Mateo and Instantly
killed. Nothing was found on his person by
which be could be Identified.
WOODLAND— The annual bullghead break
fast ¦ of the P. A- W. Club was held at the
Orleans Vineyard, In Western Yolo, Sunday.
The company consisted of eighteen, most of
whom made the runs on wheels.
PENTWATER, Mich.— The banking hous« of
Nielsen & Co. failed to open Its doors arid the
rireuit Court has been asked to appoint H. H.
ISunye-a a brother-in-law of Mr. Xcllsen and
one of the heaviest depositors, as receiver.
SAN DIEGO— J. Marshall Brook, ; who has
Just returned from Lower California, was ar
rested here on a charge of having stolen six
teen-head of cattle from Rose Canyon In tats
county. He was held In J1000 ball for trial.
LONDON— Tfce Algiers correspondent of th«
Dally Mail says: There is little doubt that a
holy war has been proclaimed In the extreme
south of Algiers and Morocco. Probably this is
due to the movements of French troops.
' TOPEKA, Kans.— C. 8. Sutton, for the past
ten years auditor of freight receipts of the
Santa Fe in this city, has been appointed audi
tor of the Santa Fe lines west of Albuquerque,
N. M.. with headquarters In Lob Angeles, Cal.
- WOODLAN'D-Mni. Claudia Merlin Stephens,
wife of W. A. Stephens of San Francisco, died
near Esparto on 'Sunday. , The funeral will iba
held on Tuesday at 2 o'clock, and interment
will be In Cottonwood Cemetery, south of Mad
ison.-- • ¦¦- ; •
STANFORD " UNIVERSITY— A contract tor
BERKELEY. May 21.— The Board of
Education and Town Trustees, In joint
conference this evening -decided to apply
the first money secured from the sale of
school bonds to the construction of a
school house in North Berkeley and one
In South Berkeley, of from four to six
rooms each. - The officials deemed It best
to erect th4 smaller buildings which have
been authorized, leaving the High School
and the larger Grammar .School build
ings for the last. -President Marston of
the Board of Trustees, and Town Clerk
Hanscom- reported that - advertisements
for the sale of the bonds had been placed
In Eastern financial Journals.
the erection of a residence for Geonre B.
Coakaley of Menlo Park has been let here for
$22, (KX). The building will be located upon one
of the low /oothllls near and overlooking the
campus and bay.
MA PA — Georce Horton, a native of Detroit.
Michigan, aped 84 years, Is dead. Mr. Horton
was a resident of Napa and St. Helena many
years. He v,-as the father of Mrs. George M.
Francis, wife of the editor and proprietor ot
• LONDON — Increased disturbances in Mace
donia and Albania have caused the Embassa
dors of the powers at Constantinople to dis
patch military representatives there to ascer
tain whether' Turkey has taken sufficient
measures to prevent dlsoNers.
WOODLAND — The efforts of the Tuba Elec
tric Power Company to obtajn franchises In
thii county has stirred up the Standard Elec
tric Company, of the Blue I^ke district, and
a representative Is inquiring Into the advis
ability of conducting a line Into this county.
PRESCOTT, Ariz. — Walter Ruffner, brother
of ex-Sheriff Geon?e C. Ruff ner, died at Meroy
Hospital from injuries received in a mine ac
cident a few days since. His leg was broken
in three places between the hip and knee and
the bones at the- hip Joint shattered. The leu
¦was amputated last evening, death occurring
three hours afterward. ' -
BERLIN— The deputation of the New York
Deutschen Krelgebund arrived and were wel
comed by numerous representatives of Vereien
association?. Herr Pfanntlll. the president of
the leading association of Berlin, delivered .a
speech of welcome, to which President Mueller
of the .KrelRebund replied. M
SAN JOSE— A builder's contract placed on
record here shows that Mrs. Jane I* Stanford
has enea*ed Rupert Schmld of San Francisco
to carve the sculptured frieze on the memorial
arch at Stanford. The contract price Is $15,000.
The allegorical picture is a beautiful one and
has been described In various publications.
I.OS AN'GKI^ES— Horace Bell Jr.. a default-
Ine wltncFs in the trial' of Mrs. BUnn-Pearce.
chanred with taking jewels from Dr. Thatcher
of Garvanza. was fined $100 for contempt of
court by Judge Smith. Young Bell was found
in San Franclpco by Deputy Sheriff Henry
Johnson and brought back here on Friday last.
SUVCRAMKNTO— Tho } dead body of a man
about 38 years of age has been found In a
box car on the river front. The man had
committed suicide by firing a pistol ball
thrc.UKh his head. He has apparently boen
dead severa! days. From papers found on the
body It is believed that his ' name was <J.
Brcckhaus. The body had on a cheap suit
of brown check clothing from a ¦. Stockton
dealer. . > ¦ .- • . ' ¦ : / '-. ,". .- * ¦
WILL" BUILD THE SMALL
SCHOOLHOUSES FIRST
I TELEGRAPHIC NEWS CONDENSED /.
JOHIC CRJPPS WICKX.IFFE BECKHAM. GOVERNOR OF KENTUCKY.
3
Cor. Stocttcn, Ellis &cd Mariet Sis.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*
tot: mat consult the hudtan doc-
tors ABOUT YOUR CAPE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
fiflSHY' »S HEALTHFUL] f
I fS A Katcrel Miser&l Water *
q f&i »»th medicinal qualities, O
o f||| Tcr IrdigeEtioa &nl g
o 4>«f% Stomach Disorders. 0
limm* 0^" vichy I
? anffffigl in siphons %
? %%&ij0i Cet the Genulns %
o A. V1CN1ER. Distributing Azsnt?
PATIOS'. Know. th*rj. that chronic <-onstipa-
Tlm 1e a. ferious disorder, for tt ushers in w?ri-
NH complication*. Hudyan promptly relieves
er.4 cur^s conetlration or costlvene'?*, «>ith<>r
chrrrcie cr acute. Huflyan JnFurrs & perfect ac-
tivltr of all the ensrans eon<-«>niefl In the dlge*-
tior of food and the elimination of the waste
. rroducte.
r>o you tuffrr with headache. Fig. 1 : or ts
your complexion psl» or fallow, Ki^. 2; is your
tcr^a* coated. Fie. 3; does your heart flutter.
T'.g. 4: in your di^e?tlon Impaired. Fie. »: ts
year liver torp'.d. Tig. 6? Or do you lave dizzy
*pell«. «.r<» you <3rows-}\ tlr<»d or urwn«>rK»ttc? All
ri^^e rf* the r' yul ts of conptti*«it4oTi and are
tymptoms that Hudyan quickly relieve*.
Hudyan acts pleasantly and Rently, yet effect-
ively; Hudyan does not produce any dlwigree-
* abl* senvatlons. and is
MEN AND wt"*V ed «> by the * eak "
XtSXtQL *»^t,°Hu*>-^S% C t 1 r*ngtn-
ADVISED ens weak stomach*..
FREE. The effect of Hudyan
Call Or Write. i* permanent and la«
4 4- Ins.
Hudyan purlfl»s the
M<H. create* roey che»k* and m. clear Fkln. ea-
tabiiches a rlow of heaith. Hudyan will Rive
you a splendid appetite; will give you strength.
Hudyan If for sale by all druggists for 50c a
package or elx packages for 12.C0.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan, send
to the
I Union=Made ' I
Hi iSS: ready-to-wear clothing is made by union |)ij
H| /7\ v\ men— men who are the best workmen in Ifi
III vxjjr/ the world in their line J They make the fin- p|
§H IffiTTnfflll estc^ ot^' n g possible — our $10.00 suits are the best for the ||9.
pa llllnlipillL money of any on this coast, because ours is the only Ip3 !
qB' clothing made by strictly union men. |M
mm We. are as pleased to wait upon union men as we are to employ ig&j
|i| them, but we do not use the label solely to secure union trade. We em- |||jj
(III ploy union men because we get good, honest, thorough workmanship. |^|
Jill That counts for considerable in making clothing. We show you a good ||£k
i|j|| You can make your selection from thirty patterns in fancy and mixed cheviots in %ffM
ggw heavy and summer weights, or black and blue cheviots and clays ; suitscomein single
|||i and double breasted. Every one is guaranteed to be all wool and fast colored. Of !p|»
|s|I course you know what our guarantee is. Paa
iHHl ¦tp^jlijliiiljpk' OTHING gives a boy a more dressy appearance than a n»at llttls top coat; and It Is ; lSBa
RS33 lfe!^^yii 3n ¦"conomy, too, fo r tht coats \ve3r excecdinzly well. VV; i»av: them made of co- Sl§t
W§m I ifefev*< 1 vert c o:l1 of lhc st >' lish tan shaCe that will unquestionably harmonize with hi* &ysf
W$i fif™\S cloth;s " ths coats have a velv;t collar, satin s!c;ve llninz. fly front and the n;w styls gjlo
Pill il'llllr over'ap cuffs; the ages are from four to twelve y:ars; thr value Is J6.50; our price tfT*]
Illll Out-of-town orders filled — write for illustrated catalogue. fP^f
A defective
ifiC^s & ~£ * t£' i-« 1 t wl ¦
am tv.»o miiv *»* Au+ to rHRnvir: r-r>v>*rri_
HUDYAN REMEDY COAl Neillf the champion middle-weight
boxer of the PaeiSc Coast, who is matched
to fight Jack Moffatt, the Middle West
champion, before the Columbia Athletic
Club of thi.s city on the 31«t, arrived in
town Jan night He was accompanied by
Toby Irr.in. the hard-hitting lightweight
who wiJl meet \\ illie Cole in a preliminary
bout on the same evening.
Neil! and Irwin have been rusticating at
the springs near Vallejo. They have been
properly boiled out and are as brown as
rwrrlep. Hoth bexers claim that the rest
they enjoyed at the springs has improved
their condition 100 per cent.
They are already in fine fettle and will
begin hard training for their bouts to
day. As usual, Neill and his protege will
train at the old quarters at the terminus
of the Haight street car line. "Duck" Sul
livan will look after both men.
JCeill is confident that he can beat Mof
fatt, and do the trick quickly. He has the
greatest respect for his Eastern opponent
and dois not make light of his coming
battle. He *ai<i yesterday that he be
lieved Moffatt would prove the cleverest
and hardest man he has tackled. Al is
ambitious to reach the very top rung of
the ladder of pugilistic fame, and he feels
that by paining a victory over Moffatt he
¦will have taken a long step toward the
real. r.'V"
AL-NEILL HAS BEGUN
TRAINING FOR THE BOUT
The butchers are making great prepara
tions for their annual celebration, which
Is to be held at Shell Mound Park to-mor
row. Nearly every meat shop In the city
will close and all the employes will Jour
ney across the bay and make a day of it.
Oakland Trotting Park has been engaged
for the races and some exciting contests
will be" seen. The owners of fast horses
have entered their steeds for the different
( vents and some heavy wagering Is being
done on the results. Following is the
order of races and the entries:
First race, butchers* trotting and pacing: —
T F. Judge's Lady L, Monroe Schweitzer's
Hermla, ». Kaika's flunkett. a. P. Clay
burph's Lazy Charlie, R. Consanl's Zip, B. E.
Combs' Anita.
Second race, free for all. trotting— L. Rich
ardson's Alterllo. • D.- Gannon's Twilight. M.
Hart's Herald, G. Keto's Search.
Third race, professional running, one mile—
J. S. Campbell's El Nido. M. Qulnn'a Millchart,
Dr. Hexford'i Coe Root. Tom Latta's Pongo.
F. S. Capps* Rapido, Charles Davis' Roadrun
ner. John Koley"» Corda.
Fourth race, free for all. pacing— H. H. Dun
lap's King Cadenxa. S. Kafka's Plunkett. Harry
Patrick's Butcher Boy. A. T. Jackson's Chero
kee Prince, William Van Keuren'* Mattie B.
Fifth race, professional running, one mile—
W. C. Davis' March Seven, F. Qulgley's Home
stake, J. S. Campbell's Mrs. C, Maggie-O'Con
nell's Twinkle Twlnk, Storey Davis' Alturas, G.
McCormick's El Arte. B. S. Hobart'a Skirmish,
W. P. Fine's Lomo, John Agnew's Aborigine.
Sixth race, butchers' special cart race— Frank
Merrill's Bonnie B, G. Taasle's Headlight J.
McDonald's Nancy. M. O'Connell's Josh, R,
Consanl's Ida, E. f?middy*s St. John, John
Deschler's Lazy Pete.
Seventh race, steer running— Monro« Bchweit
aser'a Mountain' Boy. A. Pllverberg's Brandy
W. M. Slater's Golden Gate, Edward O'Day' s
Eighth raoe, professional runainx— V. a.
RACERS TO COMPETE
AT BUTCHERS' PICNIC
Koenigs Defeat Vallejos.
VALLEJO. May 21.— The Koenigs of San
Francisco defeated The Vallejos In a game
of baseball by a score of 3 to 2. Battery for
Koenigs— Perrine and Egar; for Vallejos—
Ward and Farrell.
The programme will be opened by some
pyramid work by E. M. Stack, R. C. Fen
ton, J. Bevane, Fay Beal, Frank Hooper,
Louis Buhart, Ed Johnson. II. V. Manor
and Robert Leandro. Miriam Sydney
Smith, a little dancer, will present a num
ber of pretty steps. There will be boxing
by W. Cartwright and F. Wegener, J.
Gaylor and F. Block. William Hallett will
render a barytone solo: Ella and Jess
Campbell will do some high and lofty
"stunts" on a flyingr trapeze: the Kehrleln
brothers will give an exhibition of realistic
fencing; there will be a funny wrestling
bout, songs by Frank Thompson, and the
entertainment will conclude with stereop
ticon views.
The fair sex will be entertained to-mor
row' night at the Olympic CIuj. A pro
gramme of the usual standard of excel
lence has been arranged by Leader John
A. Hammersmith. Invitations have been
issued to many hundreds and there is
every likelihood that the big gymnasium
will be crowded.
LADIES' NIGHT AT
THE OLYMPIC CLUB
Capp's Rapido. F. H. Smythe's Little Sister.
Tom Latta's Pongo, Dr. Rexford's Coe Root,
John Foley'a Corda, Charles Davenport's Wick
Wicks, Charles Davis' Roadrunner, Mrs. Web
bers St. Augustine, E. Carey's Miltouche.
Ninth race, vaquero running— Edward Sulli
van's White Stockings, Ramon Reyna's Sonora,
J. O'Connor's Shoot the Chutes, Edward
O'Day 1 ! Silver Dick. William Harney's Crlck
ett. Ray Mead's Poso. George Moore's Buck.
The pool selling will be under the super
vision of John C. Humphrey.
- LOS ANGELES, May 21.-Tom Tracy of
Fan Francisco and Ben Trimble of this
city tfoi'ffht before the Los Angeles Ath
££££!& *£&***- In , the seventeenth
round Trimble s peconds threw up the
gpor.ge. Trimble was all but out The
fight was a fa.-t one.
Tracy Defeats Trimble.
BUFFALO, May 21.-Jlm Jeffords of
California defeated Jim Fitzpatrick at the
Olympia Athletic Club to-nipht. Fitz
patrick 1 * s*»cor.d« threw up the spor.ge in
the eleventh round. Both Kitzpatrick'^
eyes were badly cut Jn the first round and
he fought the succeeding ten rounds
through a maik of blood.
Jeffords Wins a Fig-lit.
American I/eague Games.
i.--ui.^ahju.S Hay 21.— Indianapolis 9.
Milwaukee i.
DETROIT. May 5. Minneapolis 8.
CLEVELAND May 21. -Cleveland I. Kansas
City j.
BUFFALO, May 21.— Buffalo 6. Chicago 7.
Battrrirr— Leever and Zlmmer; Uunr., Mc-
Glnnlty and McGu'.re. Umpire, Hurst.
CIN-CINN'ATT. May 21.— Doheny rave nine
bases en J.alU to-day, but allowed only three
hits and «cor*nj elx Ftrike-outs, which were
mostly made at critical Ftages. Hahn was hit
hard in th» firrt inning, but settled down aft*r
that. Attendance, I'M. Score:
Hatteries— Powell and Crieer; Lewis, Bailey
and Clarke. Umpire. O'Day.
PITTPBT'RO. May 21.— Brooklyn's play was
poor, but Pitt5l>urg dM much worse. The only
re^eernin;: feature in the game was Ely's brill
iant fitlaing. Atten<ii.nce, J&00. Score:
Hatterief" — <!arvin & r>onahue; Orth and Mc-
Farlantf. L'rroire. Swartwood.
ST. LOUIS, May ;i.— St. Louis had no trouble
In conn^ctir.E with Lew's' shoots in the first
three ir.ninKP and had the game won before th«
visitor? cot fitarted. Hailey took Lewis' place
and did better. Attendance, 21uO. Score:
CHICAGO. May 21.— Although the fielding
•waf ragged on bcth sides, the same, a pitchers'
batt>, »as well played and full of excitement.
Chicago's run resulted from two singles, a sac
rifice and a lor.g fly. Philadelphia's came after
two were out. on a hit. a double steal, an error
of Judgment and Wolverton's single. Attend
ance. ?<Q. Score:
LEAjDEBS WIN GA2LES.
Philadelphia and Brooklyn Fatten
Their Percentages.
PTAXDIXG OF THE CLL'BS.
The second day of the forty-first annual
May festival of the San Francisco Schuet
zen Verein came to a close yesterday at
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, with the
crowning of John Utschlg as shooting
king.
There was a large attendance of mem
bers and their friends. The day was ex
cellent for target shooting. In this in
stance the target was an eagle and the
object of the rival marksmen was to
ipluck some feature of his anatomy by
means of their buflets. for the purpose of
determining who was entitled to the title
of king. The target was made of wood
and the parts were fastened together by
means of wooden plugs, the location of
1 which was indicated by patches of white
paint. In order to gain a point it was nec
essary to knock off one of tho parts of th*j
bird, and in order to do so the fastening
plug had to be shattered with a, bullei.
The several parts were the head, tieck, a
ring pendant from the beak, the left and
rignt wings, the right and left claws, an
apple in one claw, a scepter in the other,
the tail and finally the body. During the
tiring on the outer members the head was
protected by a shield of plate iron
while the other features were being
shot at. After they had been shot
off the iron plate was removed and the
last target was the body. The man who
by his Ihot caused that to fall was de
clare*; king. .
There wtre seventy-two members In at
tendance. These Segan to shoot at 11
o'clock in thii morning. Before 12 o'clock
the members had fired three rounds and
five ot the prizes had been won. By 3
o'clock there was not a vestige of the bird
left- This was the earliest hour at which
the contest was brought to a close in the
history of the Verein. Utschig, besides
knocking down the body of the eagle, also
struck the head, neck and ring, but it re
quired the bullet of another marksman
to cause them to fall.
The winners of the prizes follow:
John Utschig. king, body target, prize
J75 and a gold medal; George Fein, crown;
Fritz Hensel, apple; Charles, Gellert,
pcepter; Herman Huber. head; John Hart
mann, right wing: Adolph Bertelsen, left
wing; S. Heino. right claw; F. Kock, left
claw; Johr. C. Wolier. tail.
Sustains His Reputation as
Marksman at May
Festival
UTSCHIG AGAIN
WINS HOHOR OF
SCHUETZEN KING
James W. Bonnell's Bonny Boy: James
O'Kane's Sandow; J. B. Dalzlel's Steve; E. D.
Sach's Bob Burns; R. E. Mulcahy'a Aljroneta;
James M. Eva's Ethel H; C. E. Parks' Imp;
H. F. Patrick 1 )" Satin Wood; N. Hotla's Cor
rect; H. H. Dunlap's King Cadenza; H. F. Pat
rick's A B P: William C. Hamilton's General
Smith and Xettle H: J. W. Hamerton's Alfred
H; William Van Keuren's Mattle B; J. C. Kirk
patrick's Our Dick. Harvey Mac and Lullaby;
E. Stewart's Localecr; II. W. Miller's Lady
Falroee and Crescent: Joe Costello's F S U; J.
C. Ohlandt's Harvey B and Alameda Maid;
Jack Holland's Quren Stella; F. Gommett's
Pardee: Dr. Kleiser'n Alto Vela: L. Rlchard-
Bon's Tom Thumb and Queenie; Ed Aifreltlnger's
Our Joe; Dr. T. Miller's Sweet Peas; J. Cur
ley's Prince C.
The contest for the Kane Challenge cup
promises to be the event of the day. J.
C. Ohlandt, the present possessor of- the
trophy, will try to retain it with Alameda
Maid. J. Curley has entered his Prince C,
Dr. Kleiser will bid for it with Alto Vela
and R. E. Mulcahy will strive to gain pos
session of the prize with his speedy Algo
neta. The entry list closed last night.
Another meeting will be held to-night,
when the horses will be classified. A gen
eral session of the association will be held
on Thursday evening. Following is the
list of entries:
A meeting of the association was held
last night In its quarters at the Palace
Hotel. The preliminary work was com
pleted.
The Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion, which numbers among its members
the best known horsemen in the State, has
arranged an excellent programme of races
to be run at the Oakland race track Deco
ration day. The best trotting horses on
the coast have been entered. ¦
Well-Known Reinsmen to
Try Conclusions on
Oakland Track.
AMATEURS WILL
TEST SPEED OF
THEIR TROTTERS
<iC==aVERYTHING is in readiness for
r^ 3 the athletic contests to be held at
. I , Recreation Park, Eighth and Har
rison streets, this afternoon for the
benefit of the teachers' annuity and re
tirement fund. Nearly all the schools of
this city will send delegations to the
park, armed with fish-hornn and decor
ated with the colors of the teams they
support.
The games are the outcome of the May
day celebration. W. X. Bush, principal
of the Polytechnic nijjli School, has look
ed after the contests and has completed
arrangements for a great day's sport.
Trophies have been offered by Mayor
Phelan. Superintendent of Schools Web
ster. Raphael Weill. \V. N. Bush and
others, as an inducement to the young
athletes to put forth their best efforts.
There will be baseball, football, tug-of
war and more football. The several
teams in the various games represent
the leading schools of this city. The
voung men on each team are the pick of
their school and they will do and die to
uphold their colors.
The sport will open with a ball game
between the Mission and Crocker schools.
The teams will play five Innings and
Vanderlynn Stow and "Bill Lange will
Then will follow a football game be
tween the Adams and Grant schools. A
twenty-minute half will be played be
cause of the season of the year. \V. T.
Plunkett, the famous guard of the Uni
versity of California, will act as referee
and C. Coleman as umpire. The other
officials are: Timekeepers— representa-
Polytechnic High— Cahen (caotaln), Dunker,
Franklin, Ghlselli, Hammond, Waas, Williams.
Lick School— Fl»>her. Hertmuller, Kisslck,
Miller,* Parks (captain). Slack. Witte.
Lowell High — Cunningham, Graves, Hodnln
son. Hare, Merrill (captain). Stewart. Webster.
Mission High— Doran, White, Tafflnder, Read,
Broyer, Laumiester, Tarpin (captain).
At the conclusion of the ball game the
tug-of-war contests win be decided. Wil
liam Greer Harrison, president of the
Olympic Club, will officiate as judsre. The
tollowing teams are entered:
Mission— Gay, pitcher: Blarney, catcher: Fla
havan, first base; Grace, 'second base; Dres
clien, third base: EwinK. shortstop; Wistrand,
left field; Dalton, center field, and Drum, right
Held.
Crocker— Nealon, pitcher: Ilink, catcher;
Cavanaugh. first base; Lundy. scond base;
Plapemann. third base; Kiefer, shortstop: Car
rick, left field; Ging, center field, and Wells,
right field.
act as umpires and Messrs. Sachs and
JJiil of the Lowell High and the Mission
High schools will act as scorers. The
nines will line up as follows:
Hancock— Scharge, Jordan, Rezzetto, Merle,
Fontana. McKevitt. Kitterman (captain), Sca
tena. Knoph, McCluskey and Crowley. II.
Falke and F. de Fr»n» will be substitutes and
Ed Abenheim and Rosenshine will be an
nouncers.
The pames will start promptly at 2:30
p. m. The campus will be kept clear of
the festive school boy by brawny police
men and active marshals. Judging by
the large number of tickets sold, the park
will be filled to overflowing.
Clement— G. MIddleton (captain). C. Par
menter, M. Hamilton, \V. Holmes. P. Michael.
J. Ryan, G. Bailey. R. Baldwin, F. Lincoln,
F. Magulre, G. Bates.
At the end of the half the finals in the
tug-of-war will be pulled off. The events
of the day will close with a championship
football contest between the Clement and
Hancock school teams. Fifteen-minute
halves will be nlayed. Both elevens have
trained and practiced daily for the con
test and a pretty gamo should result.
"Pete" Smith, ex-captain of the Olym
pics and U. C, '97. will officiate as referee,
and W..S. Graves, P. H. S., 1900. will act
as umpire. Representatives from both
schools will act as timekeepers, and Ed
Whalley and Ed Abenheim as linesmen.
The teams will be composed of the fol
lowing men:
tives of both schools— Linesmen, M. Gold
tree, U H. S., 1900 and M. Franklin, P. H.
S., 19ol. -
Participants in To-Day's Contests at Recreation Park.
CINCINNATI. May 21.-Thc spring rac
ing season here opened with a whirl at
Newport to-day. The attendance was the
largest 1:: tfca history of the Queen City
Jockey t*!ub. Nine books drew In for the
opening day"s scramble and handled more
mcr.ey to thf race Than in many ponson?.
Burr.bury. with the veteran Tom Brltton
in the Kaddlf, got an awful fall nn the
lafk ptrcu-h in the third race, but with
out durrmiri* to horse or rider. The track
¦wes not :it its best. Jackson Smith acted
ii& pre^ialnp judge. Hesults:
Sir furlomrs— <-5^"T<;ip won. Eberhart second.
Foneda third. Time. 1:15.
. Five iuri' nss — Sjnccj-afd Sandy won. Dreg-
J.cda recorjj. Pirairre- third. Time, 1:034.
S-.-v«"n furl<-r,gs — Btrmthllcfct v.-on, Aurea sec
ond, Zeune third. Time. 1:30.
One tr.l!e— Juarwtte v.-nn. EHho'.in second.
Trashy ih.rtf. T'.rrip, 1:4?»4.
Four flr.rf a half furl.'.n^s— Emera won. Bean
second. Kionst <i-een third. Time. :57.
"r<- ::.:.k aiiii an eighth— Vircir O won. Fin
tUm Taylor second, Cr-jrge B. Cox third. Time.
l:lt.
ST. IXH'IS. May 21.— The track was
fast and the crowd pood at the Fair
grounds to-day. Harry Kloyd was the
only winning favorite. Results:
Mnidens, Eix furlcr.Ks— Jak? Weber won. Dr. !
Ca\> secor.d. Harry Yocum third. Tlnie, l:lo\.
SellirK. one rr.ll" and twenty yards — Jim Con-.
•y •ran. i{us>hn>Jds record. Cathedral third.
. ir.i~. l.ii.
Sfljir.g. s!x and a halt furlonss— Harrle !
Floyd won. La MasdUa second. Annie O'.d- !
Odd third. Titr.p. l:t?\.
Ov,n<Tf' handicap, ono mile and a sixteenth — !
J". und wtr., Sam Phillips second. Algol third. I
lirnf. 1:*G»,.
Handicap, fix furlonps — Lord Neville won, ;
Verify bt;cond, Tu!la Konsa third. Time, i
1:141;.
Seil'.ns. or.e mile and seventy yards — Rup«ell '
It wm, Ski::nxan second, Sictllla third. Time, j
V***- j
NEW YORK, May 21.— The track at
Morris Tark was heavy to-day, and !
scratches reduced the fields to small pro- !
portion^. Results:
Six fni Ion r_a^ nrrirmt won, Lady Lindsey '.
e*>^> r.d. Time. 1:11%. No otn»r starters.
Four and a haif lurlongs, selling— Tonleum *
won. Ouiz II second. Goddess of Night third, i
Tim*. :S4.
S!t ar.d a half furi'Mur* — F*avnniu«= won. The i
OiKSibeilain s«H.-cn<l. Scales third. Time. 1:23M:. j
Bevca turion«rs — ITsmimked won. Mairniflceni j
s*<-ond, Asauith third. Time. l:^ 1 *.
One mile, selllnr— Kare Perfume won, Krlas
Krlnjrle necond. Precursor third. Time. '1:42V
One mile end an eiffhth— Standing: wr>n. Brisk
«~-ond. Knitht o' the Oa.rter third. Time.
CHICAGO, May 21.— Weather clear and
track heavy at Lakeside to-day. Results:
Four fur'ong*— Janewrwi won. Tenny Bci>
second. «"inajia third. Time, .iOVi-
mile— J!m SIcCleevy won. Major Mansir
pe^ond. Itosavannah thini. Time. 1:4 lVk-
S'.x ftirlcr.ff!,' wllini;— Emma M won. Golden
Ilattle second. Innovator third. Time, ]:1L4.
< >n«s r.illo — OxiTr.ar won WaJklnshaw second.
r»ririce Kiaxes third. Time. 1:4S>*.
Five furlonff» — Garry Herrman won, Denlzula
fecon<l, ISattus third. Tinie. 1:03.
Mile an-1 a sixteenth— Brtsht Night won,
Wooitrlce second. P'.ue I^ick third. Time, 1:51V
Bambury Falls With Veteran Jockey
Eritton, but Neither Horse
Nor Eider Receives
Injuriss.
Spring Season of the Queen
City Jockey Club
Begins.
GOOD SPORT
ON NEWPORT'S
OPENING DAY
PUBLIC SCHOOL ATHLETES
TO COMPETE FOR TROPHIES
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, TDESDAY, MAY 22,' 1900.
4
JOHN UTSCHIG.
It
H.
18
6
E.
2
1
«>
R.
... 1
.. 2
H.
6
6
E.
i
E.
« :
I
1
2
Pet. I Clubs—
.&$ ;St. Louis...
.640, Cincinnati
.577 New York..
JSSt Boston
W. L. Pet.
..10 13 .43 1 )
... 7 16 .304
... 5 IS .2SS
R
I
H
6
E.
"6
1
r
Clubs
Clncint
.. 3
.. 4
H. E.
3 2
S 1
ani Peltz;
; Do*
heny
• and Bow-
frniin.
!re. I
KaiBlie.
It
H.
18
6
E.
2
1
«>
R.
... 1
.. 2
H.
6
6
E.
i
E.
« :
I
1
2
Pet. I Clubs—
.&$ ;St. Louis...
.640, Cincinnati
.577 New York..
JSSt Boston
W. L. Pet.
..10 13 .43 1 )
... 7 16 .304
... 5 IS .2SS
R
I
H
6
E.
"6
1
r
Clubs
Clncint
.. 3
.. 4
H. E.
3 2
S 1
ani Peltz;
; Do*
heny
• and Bow-
frniin.
!re. I
KaiBlie.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ins INHALER
Cures GolJs, Coughs, Catarrh, Asthma,
Bronchlts and All Throat and Lung
D seases, as Well i s Preventing
Consumption.
Medicated mi Vitalized Air That Permeates
. Emy Passage, Destroying the Germs
and Ha ling the Membrane.
INDOBSEB BY ALL
Who Have Tried It. Listen to What
They Say.
A WELL-KNOWN CLERGYMAN SAYS:
"I have tested Munyon's Inhaler for Ca-
tarrh and found that It quickly cleared my
head and gave me a sense of relief I had
not kiiowri for some time. Unlike other In-
halers that I have tried, you are not con-
fined to the odor of the remedy, but get a
full Inhalation which pusses through the bron-
chial tubes and cut the nose, clearing the
passages as It goes. I believe that It will
prove a creat benefit to sufferers from Ca-
tarrh. Asthma and Bronchitis."
. A KEARNY-STREET MERCHANT
Who was afflicted for ten days with a severe
cold and coueh called at the Munyon office
and made a test of the Inhaler. He was de-
lighted with the results obtained, stating that
he felt relief at once. He took an Inhaler wlthi
him and the next day reported that his cold
had entirely disappeared and the cough v?as
a thing of the past.
A PROMINENT RAILWAY OFFICIAL
Had been suffering with bronchial and throat
trouble for the past two years until about a
week ago without being able to get relief.
Noticing the advertisement of the Inhaler he
tested It and was surprised at the soothing
Influence after using It for a few moment*.
He reports to us now after using the Inhaler
for a week tlat his throat is better, sore-
ness has left it, his breathing Is much easier
and In fact he fe<>ls 90 per c<»nt better than
when he began using the Inhaler.
] Sufferers from Colds or Coughs. Catarrh.
AUhma. Bronchitis or any Iuns troubl* are
Invited to call and test the Inhaler absolutely
free. If you wish to purchase one the price
Is $1 00, with everything complete,
AT ALL DRUGGISTS.
With this Inhaler you are enabled to treat
yourfelf at your home, thus raving doctors'
fees. It does away with taking unpleasant
dos<>$ Into the stomach, and renders unneces-
sary any cutting, cauterizing or burning. The
seat of the dlseas* is directly attacked and
the germs destroyed.
The air paseares are permeated with med:-
catcd, vitalized air. which soothes, heals and
Invigorates, and a sense of relief Immediately
follows Its u«e. If used In time It will posi-
tively prevent consumption. .
MUNTON'S REMEDIES.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure never falls to
relieve In one to three hours, and cures in a
few days. Price. 23c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures all
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Price, 23c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevent* pneumonia and
breaks up a cold In a few hours. Price, -25c.
Munyon 1 s Cough Cure stops coughs, night
sweats, allays soreness and speedily heals the
luncs. Price, 23c.
Munyon' s Kidney Cure speedily cures pain*
In the back, loins or groins and all forms of
kidney disease. Price, 23c. ;
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousness and
builds up the system. Price, 23c.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never (all. The
Catarrh Cure— price 25c— eradicates the disease
from the system, and the Catarrh Tablets-
price 25c — cleanse and heal the parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs relieve
asthma In three minutes and cure In five days.
Price. 50c each.
Munyon's^Headache Cure stops headache In
three minutes. Price. 25c
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively cures all
forms of r>Hes. Price, 23c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all Im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers to
weak men. Price, SI.
A separate cure for each disease. At all
drujTRlfts. mostly 23c a vial.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon, 15C5
Arch street. Philadelphia, Pa., answered with
free medical advice for arty disease.
i ¦
"^Msis™fm™»M«»«f!.^ *^~T^_ir" --*
For the Complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains ! and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan,- sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. At all druggists.
THE COTTAGE.
Nine miles from Redwood City, in the heart
of Portola' Valley, among the redwoods.
You can find rest and comfort for a few
weeks during the summer vacation. Plenty of
fishing and good drives. Terms $6 to $10 per
week. Only a limited amount of room.
.Address JAMES C. BLY. P. M.. Portola. Cal.
CARLS BAD mSBSt.
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach. liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations flr»t
class; $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M' GOVERN. Ktlseyvllle. Lakt Co.
Near Santa Rosa; among the OAK
Rincon Hills; home comforts and «U a r»> ¦»
the best of country life. For »MADE
circulars address HARRY L. RANCH
JONES. Santa Rosa, •
PLANTATiON H3USE— S2SS SrT'SS
stago line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma Co., or an-
ply MR. KRUHE, 207 Front st., for particulars.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water*
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H W*
BRUNING. Santa Rosa. Cal. '
Kenilworth inn,'.' Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly flrst-
class. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Martina.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
¦UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
A. DOLLMAJNN. Nap. Soda Spring. P. a
I . r
WHERE "
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY 8>i HOURS
OF STAGING,
AND ONLY $8.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HICHLAND SPIES
DANCING six nights of the week. GOLF,
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Tanks
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILES of Shady
Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Horces and Guides. Hot Mineral and \apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
. COMPETENT MASSAGISTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery St..
or address CRAIG & .WARNER. Highland
Springs. CaK j _>_ .
Enjoy themselves at Paso Robles Hnt
Springs you would think that all come
for mere pleasure. Many come for the
absolute benefit to be rierlved from the
healing, health-giving Hot Mineral Mud.
Sulphur and Hot Sand Bath*, aa well
as to get away from the winds and fesa
of the coast.
Every modern convenience at th» ho-
t»l. New homelike cottages. Rat*« for
hotel, baths and phystctan. $10 to S21 a
week. Ask or write for Illustrated
booklet.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
1 For further Information apply to
; FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
I Tel. Red 2326. 640 Market St.. S. F.
| Otto E. Never, Proprietor. P&so Roblti. Ctl.
I
Central California
San Jo&e is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions", reached over perfect
roads. ' Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" offlce, 10 Montgomery St., San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose. Cal.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, c - IS A b^r°« ? ca.
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest.
rlimate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dats
accommodations: beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
bath*: sTlmmlnr tank 30x6» feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chll-
Jren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dair-e hall; large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
vend streets. San Francisco, 9 a. m. ; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:19 a. in. dally for Sole-
dad then by stage over beautiful level road 7
mile* to spring!". Round-trip ticket*. $3. at S.
P offlce. <13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlet* and fur-
ther Information addresn E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS. •
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco, 13.00. Full Information st Traveler offlce.
20 Montgomery st.. or B. DICKINSON, Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three mllrs from UXlah. Mendodno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting: crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMEYER A CO.. Proprietors.
GO TO
BYRON
HOT SPRINGS.
It's THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Baths will cure your Rheu-
matlxm and Malaria. Address)
A. BETTENS. Mgr.. Byron Hot Spgs., Cal.
Or Lombard & Co., City Agents, room
30, 36 Geary st."
DR. C. C. O'DOXSELl'S 3IIXERAL
SPRINGS at Glen Ellen Is the best camping
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
ctomach complaint*, rheumatism and catarrh In
the world: 48 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates f>
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished-
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing fre«
Inquire of DR. C. C. CDONNELL. offlce 1O*1H
Market St.. bet Sixth and Seventh. S F If
ycu want your health this Is the place to go.
Nothing so good as good
health— no place so full of It as
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
! J. Martens, prop.. Bachelor
Lake County. Cal.
v j City offlce. 416 Pine st. Booklet.
INDEPENDENCE Cf\K.E,
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent forl
est. no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for rartic-
cL a gMON P s: n vir U g n ,;ii-C^. d^eV MR3 - "' * ;
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family HoteL
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
BO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. P.. Lake County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, £™»
r - ¦¦ ONE OF NATURE* S WONDERS,
natural steam baths, swimming.- fishing
n M E 'R V ."Man2g.r U ¦*" ""*»"• L
HOITT'S MENLOPARK.
** .V.?. b *»«i" r ul grounds and new buildings at
Hoitt a School will open to guests during Jun«
and July; good accommodations, excellent table
reasonable prices. Address IRA Q. HOITT. '
MOVTEYISTA OPEK MAT ut - •-«»» of
JUV.II C IU1A fruit: help yourself; Jiiai-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORQAN. Dutch,
FOR AN OUTING.,,.
VISIT OXE OF THE MANY MINERAL.
SPRING RESORTS ALONG THE
California.. . .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
TeSeeTf' SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTfl
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANT.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OV CALI-
FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
If yon prefer the simple home life of th»
Ranch, free from fashion'* restraints, tner»
are many in our necticn from which to chooie.
But if • you' would rather the tent In torn
shady neck, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of charge.
Call for "VACATION." a little book Ju«t
Issued by the Company, Ktvhuf Camptny Loca-
tions, Hotel.*, Mineral Sprin; Resorts, and •
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, -where Eoard for the Summer can b« se-
cured at from J5.C0 to J3.00 per week.
Ticket Office, KO Market street (Chronic!*
building).
General Office. Mutual Utm buildtn*. Sao*
come and California streets, San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING,
General Manager.
R. X. RYAN.
General Passenser Agent.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda JSprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In tb« midst of irrand and tmpresstvs
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
ana the Crass for &
feackzreund.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trla, iacIudXor
sleeper both ways. $14.
For rates, terms and ether Information ad-
dress: E b. PIXLEY. Manager.
Care Paclfle Improvement Company.
Crocker Uul'.dlnc San Franctaco.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* waters are noted for their thousands of
cure* of Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths rentted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and nan-
Ing. No fors. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. $12 to S14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 9. F.. 9 a.
m. and 1:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at Gllroy
fcr springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON, Proprietor.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3%4 Hours' Ride From Lcs Anzelea. CaL
GRiSATEST ATTRACTIONS IX THE 'WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the •Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Maria* t*<t1.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradtsa.
HOTEL METROPOLIS and COTTJTTHT CLtTDU
0^ Tennls Tou ™— «-
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for caniDlar and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
OEORGE W. THOMPSON.
Or BANNTNO M Cof' rtlet !£ Francl "°-
K7 South Sprlnc >t.. Low Anreles. Ca!.
SKAGH^ £ I0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
V^rV^UJVJO County; enly 4* hour*
Iroip. San Francisco and but nln« miles oC
Ftaglnx: waters noted for medicinal virtues:
be»t natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door; telephone.
telegraph; dally mail and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco onlv *S 50. Take Tihuron ferry
¦ t 7: JO a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day op
*'* » week. References — Any «-ue«t of the past
n*e years; patronage mnstantJv increasing.
J. F. MTTLTJRTrn'. Proprietor.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRJV NE-
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest sctntry. water, mountain,
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia; Idoal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad, 13E miles from San Francisco: S3 a
week; open all y»ar: send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
OPEN3 MAT Is*. Round Trip. $3 75. Send K»r
circular*. FREESE & JUERGENSEN.
HropTietora. City offlce. 913 Larkln street.
FF MflVTF HflTFI Los oa tos, cai.-
Llj JHUrilC HIM EL. Beautiful grounds,
mapnlflcent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Larr? sunny rooms. Special rates to
families. Free "bus mwts every train; Si mile*
from gan Francisco. Fare, tl «S.
ST. HELENA SAMTARIDM. JffiK
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being »
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriagv meets all
trains at St. HMena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County t*
sp-nd your vacation. Uoatlng. bathing bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc Write for
circular to h. WAMBOLD.
T-aarel Doll.' Lai<» County. Cal.
« tM?* l * *~ Francisco, via the B;g
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line SUrra R. R. dally. P.ound trip from
San Francisco «2. For further Information call
cL »? dr £" WM^ J WHITE. General Agant.
630 Market st.. S. F.: telephone Main 6U2.
l p i c - TOCALOMA, "SS*
BERTRAND HOTEL-Flrat-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; for famlles and par-
ties: nshlng bathing, beatnttful drives to Bear
\ alley etc. JOSEPH F. BERTH AND or Paal s
shoe store. S>4 Kearny St.. S. F.
6AN i TA , cruz Mountains— A quiet ranch. nv»
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful summer
hom« In redwoods: running water: abundanco
w b , le: terms K *> w#ek - Adores*
W. CRAJSDELL. Santa Crus. CaL
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings:
comfortable rooms: good table; convenient
location. Addresa F. QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Cal.
CAMPERS— Cabins, platforms, with tents ami
camping grounds to let. Addresa rarailse.
Eastland Postofflc*.
bra ¥$£ ' vff9 Km
H El The only complete Cape Nome 1
IIP Clothing Outfitters on 11
pi lj| Blankets Underwear Moccasins §! H
Pjj H Tents Rubber Boots Tobacco H
HI HI ' If unable to visit us, write at once for further Informa- I HB
In 13 tIon - We are handling the balk of Cape Nome business. §1 ||
U The Red Front gj
r,&-,^k PR , A<3ER & SONS P™^
Hi ¦_ CLOTHIERS PURN»SHE«S HATTCRS Pi - Vv
I 857-859 MARKFT opposite Eg
J ;¦_"**¦* ; "*f A I ¦ rill It LI POWELL - ILecture on Canada.
More Titled Visitors Arrive.
Count G. des Garets and Viscount Am
Pare arrived In this city last night from,
Paris. Count des Garets. who formerly
occupied an important diplomatic position
in the Russian imperial service, will
leave for Cape Nome in a few days, rep
rcentins^some Russian aril American
bu$lness"^?nterprises. He denies any con
nection with the Russian »jid American,
Commercial Company and the Trans-
Siberian Railroad scheme which Prlnca
Dolgorouki is representing in this city.
Made His First Strike at the Mines
at San Juan, Nevada
County.
John Huston, a pioneer miner of. Ne
vada County and for more than ' twenty
years a resident of San Francisco, died
at the Lick House last night from a
stroke of apoplexy.
Huston came to California in 1S49, emi
grating from Minnesota. His early Mays
in California were passed at San Juan,
where he acquired the nucleus of a for
tune. Latterly he moved to this city,
where he has resided unintermittently
since.
, A few years ago Huston disposed of tlys
great bulk of his property, sending the
proceeds to his relatives in Australia. He
was a bachelor and had no immediate
relatives during the last few years of his
life.
PIONEER JOHN HUSTON
DIES AT LICK HOUSE
for the affair, and it Is determined to
make it successful in every detail. Some
of the best talent in the city has been se
cured and a programme of rare excellence
Is assured. The affair will be strictly In
vitational, and those desiring tickets may
procure them from the officers and mem
bers on application.
Sentenced to San Quentin for Eight
Years for Forging Army
Orders.
Edward Grimmell. the youthful army
clerk whose bad habit of signing the
wrong name in the right place and P°cket
ine the proceeds brought him behind
iSb Dffict Ju^^ hSKWS!»
™Sffi^ r hSS nt 32ded guilty to nine
counts of forgery, but. probably because
of his youth and the good appearance pre
sented by him. the court was lenient and
imposed the light sentence of imprison
ment in the- penitentiary at San Quentin
for eieht years, and a fine or *oW.
Grimmell did not exhibit any surprise or
other emotion when sentence was passed
upon him. Although not more than 26
vears r>ld he has served a three years
term of imprisonment in Ohio for forgery.
HiKh life, racetrack gambling and the
love of luxuries have been the causes of
the young man's ruin.
ARMY CLERK GRIMMELL
GOES TO PENITENTIARY
Campo on Decoration day. The chairman
in charge of the affair is P. Broderlck and.
he will be assisted by William Gillogley as
vice chairman. R. S. Shepston and Charles
Willey secretaries and Rev. Father Hen
nessey treasurer. Following are the com-
mlttees:
Prizes — Messrs. J. II. Sprlny, II. Ppwers. T.
Ahern. T. Harmon. T. Christal Jr., EJ Powers.
P. Wise, J. Farry, P. II. Sullivan. M. Ashe,
Thomas Kane. M. Donovan. J. McDermott. M.
Finnisan. J. McDonell. J. Mah.tr. M. J. Wrtn.
"William Hurley. T. Rattieaii. f->. Fitzgtrald,
"William Fltzpatrlck and W. Collonan.
Games— Rev. P. Hennessy. Messrs. William
Meaeher. E. Rtordan. P. B. Manoney, R.
Coughlan and S. L». Brey.
Music and printlre — Uev. C E. Kennedy.
Mpsrfrs. ¦William Healy. 1. A. Kennedy. C. O.
"Willey and M. W. Farreil.
Directors of exercises — Messrs. Thomas O'Dea
and Thomas Branson Jr.
Parishioners Getting Heady for an
Enjoyable Time on Decora
tion Day.
The members of St. Paul's Church par
ish are making preparations for the an
nual excursion and picnic to be held at El
CUPID TRIUMPHS IN
BATTLE WITH DEATH
»
THE tragic encounter which Fred J. Bortzmeyer had with a footpad en
Ellis street at midnight May ". in which the former neaTly lost his
life, will have a happy termination In a few clays. Bortzmeyer has
recovered from the. wound inflicted by the murderous thug who robbed
him of his money, and will leave next week for his home In Cincinnati. Be
fore leaving this city he will be married to Miss Grace Hale of San Diego,
to whom he was engaged.
Quite a romantic story attaches to the rough experience of Bortzmeyer
on the city's streets, darkened because of a parsimonious municipal admin
istration. "When the victim was brought to the Receiving Hospital the sur
geons held out no hope for his recovery and the supposedly dying man made
a pitiful request that* his parents in Cleveland, Ohio, and Miss Hale of
San Diego be notified of his condition. Miss Hale was having her trousseau
prepared for her approaching marriage to Bortzmeyer at the time and she
hurried to the bedside of her betrothed. She was only permitted to remain
with him for a few minutes. The young man seemed to revive at the
sight of his sweetheart. Though the patient was weak and his condition
demanded quiet ho had looked forward to the visit of his fiancee with so
much patience that the doctors consented to the meeting.
From that time Bortzmeyer began to Improve ranidly. It was thought
at first that a bedside marriage would take place, but the prospective groom
continued to improve and the idea was abandoned. Now that He has entirely
recovered from a wound that was regarded as fatal he and Mlas Hale will
be married with simple ceremony. The young couple will try to forget In
the felicities of married life the terrible experiences through which the hus
band-to-be passed.
"And then I was told to go home and
in my children's faces read my vocation.
My eldest son is now sludying to be a
Jesuit priest and It is my hope that I
may live long enough to see him In his
strange robes, watch his strange gestures
and receive from him absolution. That
is the story of my conversion. Is it not a
simple one?"
his father embodied in the precepts to
"hold your tongue, saw. wood, pay your
bills, mind your own business and take
your chances.": Not a bad religion after
all, he said, and one which he had trieO
never to forget. He reviewed his,educa
tion as an orphan under the direction of
two aunts, who strove to inculcate in him
the precepts of Methodism. Left alone
he studied as he pleased, read what he
liked and was led into a deep sympathy
for the mystical, the romantic and the
chivalric. fie loved music, painting,
architecture. , The charm of distance, he
said, was upon him.
He felt that Methodism was tco cold
and gradually he found himself fascinat
ed by the splendor or the Episcopal
church. He determined to become a min
ister and entered the Mount. Calvary The
ological Seminary of the Episcopal
church. He graduated and after ordina
tion as a minister served In several
churches, striving wherever he went . to
introduce ritualistic features and meeting
everywhere with stern and uncompromis
ing opposition.
"I felt that I was right." the speaker
said, "and I knew if I was right the
others of my faith were wrony. 1 felt that
there could not be one God for me and
another for another, and nowhere would
I compromise with what I -believed to be
right. At last I went as preacher in or
dinary to Trinity Church, the greatest
church in America. There I began the
study of my philosophy of faith; there
I felt the terrible position- of spiritual
and intellectual doubt. There I. first met
the counselor who led me the way I was
to follow. I went from Trinity to St.
Paul's in Buffalo and finally to the
Church of the Redeemer, at Bishop Pot
ter's request, in New York. •'
"At last I had time to read and— to
doubt. At last I had the sanctuary for
which I had been seeking.. The sanctu
ary with its beauties of art and music
its stations of the cross, its lamps, Its
vestments, its confessionals and its
masses. And again my spiritual adviser,
Father Prendergast, a Jesuit priest, was
with me. I felt now that I must offer a
solution for the spiritual doubts which
presented themselves to me or accept the
answer which the Catholic Church had
given. I was called upon to answer that
desperately important question that is
before us all: .'Which road is the right
rgadr
"I was. In' the' hell of doubt. I was de
termined to find out and answer the ques
tion of identity, to tell for; myself which
church Is always, everywhere and for
everybody. And the answer to me was
the Catholic Church.' I took off my pur
ple stole and declared that. I had worn it
for the last time. ; I left my church and
went to. Europe, there to remain for some
time in an agony of unrest. My wife and
children -were dependent upon me utterly
for support. I could not make them beg
gars, and then in the blackest hour of mv
life I received a letter from my wife tell
ing me that she and our children had en
tered the Catholic church. '
The contests to the will of the late
Adolph Sutro, recently filed by Rosa V.
Morblo and other children of the deced
ent and* that of Mrs. Clara Kluge-Sutro
have been set for; trial for June 4.
Sutro Contests Set.
Literary Committee Preparing a Pro
gramme of Interesting Numbers =
and Novel Features. ¦
•The San Francisco Scottish Thistle Club
will give a grand literary and musical en
tentainment in Metropolitan Temple . on
June 21: The literary committee, composed
of "ex-Royal Chief .George Miller. Clans
man Thomas Christie and Recorder G.
Paterson, Is ; busy ; making : arrangement*
SCOTTISH THISTLE CLUB
TO ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
The Shriners of the city, will give a
benefit entertainment in Golden Gate Hall,
on Wednesday evening. May 30, for the
benefit of _tj>e' Masonic Widows' and-Or
phns' Home. The finest talent of the city,
instrumental, vocal and dramatic, has
been secured for this entertainment. .The
programme will be a grand one and
abounds with the hits of the season, and a
series of initiations into the mysteries of
the • Bhrine, which will be . realistically
thrilling. Tickets 51. can be obtained -of
C. S. Benedict, corner Sutter and Mont
gomery, and Frank ¦ W. Marston, Chair
man of the executive committee, S65 Mar
ket street. .
Shriners to Give a Banquet.
PROGRAMME FOR THE
MEMORIAL EXERCISES
General Committee Meets and Ar
ranges for the Due Observance
of Decoration Day.
Th» Grand Army posts' committee, in
conjunction wish the Memorial day com
mittee, met last night at the California
Hotel and agrreod upon a programme for
the evening exercises at the Metropolitan
Temple. It is e.s follows:
Music by the band: Invocation, A. Drahms;
remarkh, «!en«?ral K. S. Salomon; music, band;
remarks. Mayor Phelan; sel«:tions. Plymouth
quartet; oration, lion. FYank HcGowan; so
prano solo. Mrs. T. C. Mastell&r; cornet ecio.
M. J. Orr; recitation. Mrs. Xellle Ilolbrook
Rlir.n; selections. Plymouth <]uartet: recitation,
F. Cook Caldwell; poprano solo, Mrs. T. C.
Ma.st?Har: "America," by the band and the
audience; "taps."
An attempt was made to hoist Mayor
Phfilan Into the chair of the presiding of
ficer of the celebration during the evening
exercises, but It met with signal failure.
General Salomon will occupy that position.
Reports of committees were also heard.
GRAND CELEBRATION OF
BATTLE OF BUNKER HILL
Executive Committee of Four Patri
otic Societies Arranging for Ex- .
cursion to Glenwood.
At a meetlnj? of the executive commit
tee in charge of the Bunker Hill celebra
tion, to be held at Glenwood on June 16,
representatives were present from the
Sons of American Revolution, Bunker Hill
Association, Native Sons of Vermont and
the Society.* of . California Pioneers. Wil
liam G: Badger was appointed to solicit
prizes for th© races and games and to
take general charge of the amusements.
The secretary reported that the contract
Warrant Out for the Arrest of A. B.
Vandennark, Salesman for
Park Brothers.
Park Bros., grocers, 310 Fifth street,
swore out a warrant yesterday in Judge
Cabaniss' court for the' arrest of A. 'B.
Vandermark on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. The Sheriff at Red Bluff was
notiiied by the police to place Vander
mark under arrest.
Vandermark was traveling salesman for
the lirm. He was sent to Bridgeport
April 14 with a consignment of goods val
ued at $295. It is claimed he collected the
money and disappeared. Shortly after
ward a member of the firm met him In
Carson and he promised to settle the ac
count, but failed to do so. The firm as
certained yesterday that he was in Red
Bluff and the complaint was' sworn to at
once.
SAY HE SKIPPED WITH
j HIS EMPLOYERS' MONEY
Because They Cannot Get There They
Have J. W. Pearson Arrested
for Grand Larceny.
Miss Helen Gritanner. 322 Polk street,
swore to a complaint yesterday in Judge
Cabaniss' court for the arrest of J. W.
Pearson, mining manager, 522 Montgom
ery street, on the chalge of grand lar
ceny by obtaining from her $100 by trick
and doviee.
Miss Gritannor said that she and her
brothf-r and Miss Catherine Brunner were
going to Cape Nome to start a bakery.
They went to Pearson's office and he rrp
rfsentpd that he was the owner of a ves
sel called the Kidalgo, which was to sail
for Cape Xomc on or ahout April 15. On
March 17 she and Miss Brunner each paid
Pearson $100 for a paFsage to Cape Nome
on the Fidalgo. but the vessel had not yet
sailed and there was no indication that
she would do so. Miss Brunner will also
swear out a warwint for Pearson's ar
rest.
Pearson was taken Into custody yester
day afternoon. He says that the vessel
is all richt and will sail for Cape Nome
whon she is ready and the ladles 'will
have to wait.
WOMEN WANTED TO
GO TO CAPE NOME
Geological Survey Preparing for Ex
peditions Over the Ice Fields
to the Arctic.
Alfred H. Brooks, a prominent member
of the United States Geological Survey,
arrived here yesterday morning and reg
istered at the Occidental. He is commis
sioned by the Government to purchase
supplies for two exploration parties
which will leave Bergman, 500 miles up
the Yukon, next year on journeys across
the lee to the Arctic Ocean and Kotze
bue Sound.
Each party will number eight men. Thf
one going over the ico fields to the Arctic
will be out at least . five months, Point
Barrow being the destination. Three
months of travel is counted upon for the
Kotzebue Sound expedition.
Before the summer is over there will be
four exploration parties sent out to
Alaska — one for the Copper River coun
try, two for Nome and one which will
cross Norton Sound to Kotzebue.
Mr. Brooks will receive copies of the
Government report on Cape Nome within
a few days and will distribute them to
the public.
EXPLORING FOR
THE ALASKA COUNTRY
for music had been lot, and a band will
accompany each of thn two trains. The
services of the Emalada Quartet have
been engaed, but the entire musical pro
gramme has not yet been arranged. The
next meeting of the committe,e will be
held at Pioneer Hall on May 24, at 8 p. m.
About two months ago the road passed
into. -the hands of the Southern Pacific
Company and became a part of the great
system. Isolated as a railroad, the Carson
and Colorado line is a property that
brings In less than Its operating expenses.
As a part of the Southern Pacific network
of steel rails it is of great value, and when
Huntington finishes his present scheme in
regard to this read if will give him a route
East- direct from Southern California over
the Central line, thereby ridding the com
pany of the disadvantages of several hun
dred miles of extra travel for both pas
senger and freight traffic.
.The Carson and Colorado road is narrow
gauge. Its terminus is at .Keeler, about
150 miles from Mojave. According to the
plans of Huntington. a broad gauge road
is to be built from Carson to Keeler and
connections to be made from that point to
Mojave. which means the building of an
additional road about 150 miles in length.
As the Colorado line is but 293 miles long,
the aggregate will be less than 450 miles,
some ninety miles shorter than the South
ern Pacific -road from Los Angeles to San
Francisco.
It is undoubtedly the Intention of Hunt
ington to extend the new road to Reno,
where it will joint the Central overland.
Altogether this is a shortening. of about
350 miles from the southern part of the
State to, the East over the Central line.
Collis P. Huntington will leave this city
for the East either to-day or to-morrow.
He will not go directly to New York, but
will stop over at Reno and make a hasty
investigation of the new northern terminal
of the lato adjunct of the Southern Pa
cific system, the Carson and Colorado rail
road, which runs from Carson City to
Keeler. in Southern California. '
HuntingtonWill Leave for New York
To-Day or To-Morrow, Stop
ping at Carson to Make
Investigation.
From Los Angeles to Keeler
and Thence to Carson
Eastward.
NEW LINE FROM
THE SOUTH OVER
CENTRAL ROUTE
J. Carroll's Red Hind vs. Y. I>inele's (namw)
<"a«h In: Oondrey & Roushfs Inlying Crest vs.
Hartels Bros.' Baron Wood; D. Winder's inamet")
Random Aim vs. Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Krin;
J. P. Thrift 1 * Tar o' Hill vs. F. Schou's
Smuggler; P. J. Rellly's Aloonbright vs. R. E.
Ac H. I.*u*>z Si Son'? Sara: Hi A. Deckelrnan's
Hnai*hot vs. H. Lynch's Uamfcock; J. J. Ken
ney's Winning I^assie vs. J. Anthony's Patriot:
J. Clone's The Heaver vs. Bartels Bros.* Ball
room Belle: V. Herring's £t. Elmo vs. R. E. de
B. Lor>ez £ Son's Minnewav.-a: J. Kenan's
Mira Monte vs. R. Pringle's Kid Cole; Georce
Sharman'p (names) Wait a Little vs. H. A.
Dtckelman's Olcn Chloe; I>. Shannon's Safe
guard vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagle; Bartels
Bros." Betsy Barrow vs. Gus Abercromhie's Vic
tor Que»n; Gus Ahercrombie's Miss Richmond
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Cann<»ncita;
Pasha Kennels' May Hempjjfeod vs. Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara; Sterl & Knowl;'f=' Frosty
Mom vs. Irwln & Lyon's Silver Wlnirs; J.
Fmlth's Master Workman vs. J. O'Dowd's
Fhootover; H. Lynch'? (nam*>s) Emma M. vs.
t'ondrey & nought's Royal Ea?le: CJeo. Schou
niin'K Bowery Boy vc. \V. C. Gbunon'a Kleish
Bells; J. P. Thrift's Tired Out vs. Pasha Ken
nels" Roundabout; Cleorjre Hurfeind's Pastime
vp. IrvfB A- Lyr-n's Silver Lyon; A. L. Austin's
Thorrxlale \s. J. I'. Thrift's The Jester; J. Car
roll's Biu^sf'ne \s. J. P. Thrift's Tlmuelitle!-*
Beauty; R. E. <le B. Loi>ez A: Son's Diablo vs. J.
Waikins' Gladiator; II. Lynch'a Lexlnsrton vs.
T. J. Cronin's Thornhill: Kartels Bros.' Border's
Best vs. M. Mic.'iiliki's Terrona; J. C. Williams'
California vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured:
Aeneid Kennels' Athena vs. J. Ludwig's Lady
Garnet.
Midweek Coursing Will Bring Out
Fifty-Six High Class Grey
hounds.
There will be some very high-class
coursing at Union Coursing Park to-mor
row. Fifty-six good dogs will contest for
excellent prizes. The coursing will start
on the arrival of the 10:15 train. Random
Aim and Thornhill will probably be the
stake favorites.
The entries for the midweek stake fol
low:
EVENLY BALANCED STAKE
DRAWN FOR UNION PARK
Now that it fs positively settled that N.
C. Goodwin and Maxine Elliott will open
their engagement at the Columbia Theater
next Monday night the interest in their
appearance has become widespread. The
stars and their large supporting company,
numbering over llfty people, will come
here by special train, and San Francisco
theater-goers will have an opportunity ot
seeing the same magnificent production of
H. V. Esmond's comedy, "When We Were
Twenty-One," i! at was so pronounced a
success at the Knickerbocker Theater.
New York. Seats will be placed on sale
beginning Thursday morning.
Goodwin-Elliott Engagement.
FEW lecturers who have visited San
Francisco have held their audiences
in such interest and in such sym
pathy as did Henry Austin Adams last
night at Metropolitan Hall. The speaker
was elor;ucnt, theaudience was large and
receptive and the theme one of personal
interest to those who listened. "The Story
of My Conversion" was the subject chosen
by the lecturer, who told with the finished
arts of the orator the story of his conver
sion as a minister of the Episcopal ctfurch
to membership in the Catholic communion.
The speaker treated his subject.necessar
ily from a personal point of view, reciting
the incidents in his life which marked' his
religious, moral and intellectual culture.
He related the experience of his childhood,
told of his first intimations of religious
! feeling, dwelt upon those phases of his
I own character which led him to the ritual
j istic in religion and from the ritualistic
to that completion of formalism and au
thority which is represented in the Catho
lic church. ,
The theme was a dangerous one for an
orator seeking to hold his audience, and
its treatment, from the same point of
view, was daring; but the speaker was
brilliant In his discourse, changing from
humor to pathos in quick transition, now
winning the applause of his listeners by
some bright sally and again holding them
in the silence of sympathy by some touch
of pathos. In his consideraton for the
creed he had left, as well as for his feeling
for that which he had espoused, he won
also the good will of those who heard him.
The lecture was the first of a series, and
was given under the direction of the Cath
olic Truth Society of this city. F. J.
Kierce, vice president of the society, pre
sided. Before the speaker of the evening
was announcd Charles Hay gave a vocal
solo. He sang it so well, in a rich bary
tone voice, that the audience would not
cease persistent applause until an encore
was given, and oven then the listeners
were not satisfied. They were forced to
content themselves, however, and the
Aery Rev. Father J. J. Prendergast. Vicar
ueneral of San Francisco, stepped to the
front of the stage to Introduce the speaker
of the evening. *
"}} is to the Catholic Truth Society "
sajd the Vicar General, "that 1 ami
debted for the honor of introducing Henrv
Austln Adams, a finished scholarf an en
tertaining speaker and a master of the
themes he discusses. And even though I
say it to his face, he belongs to that heroic
race of confessors and martyrs who gave
up all in obedience to the command of
their conscience. He has made the sacri
fice of life a emoluments and enjoyments.
As the Protestant pastor of a wealthy
congregation, with a brilliant future be
fore him. he gave up all to become a
Catholic and a myman. And I predict now
that before he leaves us he will have thou
sands of friends and admirers."
With this introduction and a storm of
applause ringing in his ears, the speaker
of the night stepped to the front of the
stage. Time after time he essayed to be
gin, but the sound of his audience pre
vented. He could not have asked a more
Grand Opera-House.
The musical comedy. "The Lady Slavey,"
continues to be the attraction at the
TivolL
"The Wizard of the Nile" began its sixth
acd last work at the Tivoli Opera-house
last evening. The long run of this comic
opera shows that it met ¦tfith popular fa
vor. Great preparations are being made
for the production of "The Three Guards
men," ¦which has proved such a success in
Europe and the East. "Madeline; or. The
Magic Kiss" is also booked for the near
future.
Orpheum.
The Mignani family, who call them
selves the musical barbers-, are the fun
niest feature that has been seen in the
Orpheum for many a day, or night either.
They make music out of the chairs, the
ppittoons. the razors, the barber poles,
ihe shaving mugs— in fact out of every
.old thins around tne shop. It seems like
sacrilege, however, to burlesque that
heart thrilling immortelle, the "Miserere."
The Wilson tjmily have been here before
ard do some new turns with the help of
ihe kid coons. Uartho. the premiere dan
peuse, is a new thir.tr on toes, with the
fchap*--liost "f figures and grace enough
for two. The old lavorites, Kendall, the
Newsboy quintet, the musical Klelsts,
Louise Gunning and I'lrlch. fill out a very
acceptable i-rugramme for the week.
End was thoroughly appreciated by the
sympathetic audience, for his good work
as i he hero, Frederick Ossian, Ernest
Hastings received four recalls at second
curtain Jeffrey Williams as the bluff,
line old Hiram CJreen, and Kdwin T.
Kmerv as the "unlickod cub of a. son."
Wrere heartily enjoyed. Miss Marie Howe
pave a clever study of Mrs. Stuart -Dodge,
the imperial's and aristocratic Philadel
phian. and Miss Irene Kverett. as her
daughter Miriam, sufficiently rilled her
part. Tho sweet sevente«-ny Suzanne was
charmingly played by Miss I^aura. Crews.
and Miss Georgia Woodthrope was an ac
ceptable Mrs. Ossian. Howard Scott,
ileorge P. Webster and George Nichols
did good work in rheir resiwetive parts,
but the latter should study his Shackel
ford more faithfully.
Alcazar. *
The Alcazar company presents • this
•week Henry Guy Carleton's bright little
comedy, "The Butterflies." This clean,
wholesome play is staged and acted with
all the careful attention to detail that is
characteristic of the Alcazar management
TME Ions winter of our theatric dis
content has been turned into a sum
mer bright if not glorious by the ar
rival of John Drew and his excellent
company. Th^ir appea ranee at the Co
lumbia Theater last night marks the
opening of a season which bids fair to be
the most interesting we have had for
years.
"The Tyranny of Tears" is the best
play Haddon Chambers has written since
he made his first success, "Captain
Swift." The lirst two a<-ts are entirely
delightful; their interest depends in email
<3ffrr<><» on the situation and largely on
The subtle studies of character. Mr. Par
liury, whose dear wife will not let him
iv.tk without th* consolation of her pres
ence; Mrs. i'.irbury. whose vials of wrath
are c'.iurs^d with lachrymosity more po
i'-. • than lyddite; Mr. Gunning, "second
clai-« <->nio." who serves as foil to Ills
emotional frier.d Parbury; Colonel Arm-
Itap<\ who is c-vc-r hunting for the right
•word— all these are admirably sketched.
The character of the secretary is but
f-lightly developed until the third act:
hore it is brought forward prominently
and. alas! so distorted as to be little more
than a caricature of womanhood.
The closing epigram—"! descended to
vour level 1 cried"— !s simply bruta» ana
•oads naturally enough, to the bluerne.ss
and flippancy displayed by Miss \\ ood
ward in the opening scene of th« fourth
act. In this act the author has completeiy
failed to resolve the complication with
which the third act closes. No explana
tion whatsoever is given as to why the
insulted Brtfe is willing to return to her
husbunds house. You simply find her
there and have to guess the reason for
ber enmir.g.
The author who discovered "the long
srir. <"-f coincidence*" could not write- a
play without other good epigrams: "You
bristle with emotion." and "servants are
ditions to the stock of good things.
Mr. Drew's acting is too well known
and too well appreciated to need either
description or commendation. Miss Irv
ing, as the tearful heroine, was tiistinetly
rtarnir.g and charmingly distinct. Miss
Conquest did tvtrytfcing possible, it
peemed to me, to harmonize the violent
:::< insistencies of her part. Mr. Lamb
(who can forget his immortal French
waiter in "The Liars?") played the sen
iim«-ntal butler in a way that would have
delighted Klia himself.
L. DU PONT SYLE.
Grand Opera-house. L.ast night the house
was well filled and the applause was lib
eral. Miss Jsabelle Underwood had to re
peat her solo*, and Miss Louise Royce,
UfHirg»J C. Lycing, Douglas Flint and the
other principals were well received. "The
I-ady Slavey ' will give way to Rice's spec
tacular extravaganza, "1492," at Satur
day's matinee.
California.
The Nell! Company is not doing any imi
tation act this week in its- production of
Pinero'-p jolly little romance, "The Ama
zon." The work of each member repre
sents each one's conception of his or her
individual rolo, and the result is a splendid
tiisomblc that can be appreciated without
taxing one's memory to form comparisons
with predecessors in the same play. As
imitators Ncill and his excellent company
are Rood, but as themselves they are bet
ter, and in "The Amazons" they are them
selves. The nlay got-s on for one week,
i. «¦., until Sunday, when Paul Potter's
"Sheridan" will be presented as a tinal
offering, the next work being the last one
of the Ncill en^asemnt.
Fischer's Concert House.
At Kischer's concert house a large au
dier.ie applauded to the echo the scene
from "La. Favorita" suns by Signorlna
P.illetini and Sisnnr Varsas. Signer
Aliramoif distinguished himself in the
last act of "Faust." where he was as
sisted by the I^ambardi Quartet. Paras
oova Sandelin sang songs in' English and
she was presented with seventeen floral
pieces. The orchestra, under the direction
of Ausrust Hinrichs, played numbers
ranging from Soupa to Mascheroni.
"The Amazons" Continue to Draw Well at the
California — Good Bills Presented at
Other Playhouses.
"The Tyranny of Tears," Haddon
Chambers' New Play, Well
Received.
JOHN DREW OPENS
AT THE COLUMBIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . TUESDAY, . MAY 22, 1900.
Brilliant Discourse by the : New York Lecturer to an Audiefice Which
Crowded Metropolitan Hall Under the Direction of the Catholic
Jruth Society— The Personal Experience of a Ritualist
in His Prpgress Toward Catholicism.'
ADAMS TELLS THE STORY OF
STRUGGLES TO CONVERSION
I)r. Henry Rushton Fairclaugh. pro
fessor of classical literature, Stanford
University, lectured on Canada, under the
title "Our Northern Neighbors." before a
1-iree audience in the auditorium of the
Academy of Sciences building last even-
Ing Dr. Fairclaugh's lecture, which cov
ered his subject from the topographical to
the govermental conditions, was illus
trated with interesting projected v1<mvj«.
Although not an orator, Dr. tairclauph i3
a logical and forcible speaker and n*»ld
the close attention of his audience
throughout the lecture.
5
generous welcome. ¦ When silence was re-
Stored he began.
"1 had to come all the way to San Fran
cisco," he said, "to learn that I am a mar
tyr. If in my change of belief I lost
much, I gained more. If I lost a salary,
I gained what no dollar could ever buy
me— peace of mind. Therefore I am no
martyr, but rather the privileged recip
ient of great favor. And I am to tell you
to-night the story of my conversion. It is
a delicate theme and a difficult one. that
involves the recital of personal experi
ences, mental impressions, sacred confi
dences that every sensitive, thinking,
honest man must honor and respect. I
am to speak of men of other faiths: men
whom I honor as old friends, whose sin
cerity and fidelity to the faith that Is in
them I revere, as I revere all that is good
in men.
"I am not hero to speak one word of re
proach to the splehdid men with whom I
have passed many years of cherished as
sociation. I am not, thank God. an ex
priest, and if I «m honored to-night by
hearers who are not Catholics I beg them
to listen in the same spirit in which I
speak— with fairness and kindliness. I
know tco much of the noble men of the
Episcopal church, with whom I have
passed so many cherished years of asso
ciation. For their character and depth of
feeling I have absolute respect, and my
hope for them is that they, as I have
done, shall see the way. And in the story
of my conversion I beg of you to construe
nothing of bitterness in what I may say
of them. I honor them still as among my
dearest friends."
The speaker then traced in brief review
the incidents, experiences, conditions and
aspirations of his boyhood. He told of
the first religion he ever knew, that of
HENRY AUSTIN* ADAMS TELLS
THE STORY OF HIS COX
VERSION.
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH TO
PICNIC AT EL CAMPO
TEE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. >:
To-Day Only. I
Thousands of Remnants of all sorts of new (this year's) merchan- J j
dise, which have already been marked down from regnlar prices, 5r
will be placed on special sale to-day (Tuesday) at a further cut of x \
One-QuaB*feB*from the Already 5'
Reduced Remnant Prices. |
Veilings. Dress Goods |-:
More than 2000 remnants Black and colored, short 5j
— almost every new style, lengths of almost every sj
To-day only, style in our summer stocks. S"-
Onc-quartcr off. » To-day only, . i;
' i Onc-quartcr off. »^ Sj
Ribbons. SSSSg I
2200 short length* and taCBS » t«?» g
pieces slightly soiled in Hundreds of remnants of s*
display; all styles and latest styles Laces, Em- j*
widths. broideries and Trimmings; 5
To-day only. a11 kinda - ?
. Onc-quartcr off To-day only, j. *¦ j
Onc-quartcr off. / •*>
Corduroys, Tapestries and More than S00 short lengths; 5r
Satin Damasks; new, every sought- for fabric of jc
bright, beautiful. the year. «
To-day only. To-day only, ?f t
Onc-quartcr off. One-quarter off. "* 2»
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. Jf
Thoroughbred Belffian Hares, from fine imported stock, for sale 3*
in our I^abbitry, second floor, from $2.50 upward* %
a*aaaWa*aa**&'a*a'aa'&aaa*^^^^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WftS Masses Besae?
Home is made by the family. With-
out the love v.hich comes with children
there may be a house but never a home,
in the beat meaning of the word. Many
a bouse which was only four walls and a
roof has been made a home by the
agency of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
ticn. X^ture sets her face against child-
lessness and "Favorite Prescription"
works wilh nature to remove the ob-
stacles to maternity.
¦ I had hern a sufferer from uterine trouble for
about three yeirs, having two miscarriages in
that tine and the doctors that I consulted said
I would have to go through an operation before
I could give birth to children," writes Mrs.
E!anci;c E. Evecs. of Parsons. Lurerne Co., I'a..
Uox 41. ''When about to give up in despair, I
bought a bT.tle of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion end after taking it felt better than I had for
years. Felt improved before I had taken one-
halfbottle. After taking four and a half bottles
X gave birth to a bright baby girl who is now
four month* o'.d and has not had a day of sick-
ness. She is as bright as can be. I cannot say
too much in praise of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescnptios."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser a work
for every woman is sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay cost of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for paper cov-
ered book or 31 stamps for cloth covered
to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UEE DAMJANA BITTERS. THE
crrat Mexican remedy; clvea health and
*tresrtb to texjsJ orcass. Depct. 223 Market.
GIVEN UP^^ml
As incurable— suffered great pain j£^|f
and suspense, tried many remedies IlllSl
and three physicians, and then not
cured until he got my *
dr. Mclaughlin belt. L^yi
That cured him. Such is the statement of Noble V
Conger of Kirkland, Arizona. He writes under re- \:M/s'MpWjJf
(^"Le* fnl'lrregular action of the heart My Belt iS SUCh a P OWer- -«^^^^SJ
ful item in- the medical V^^/oJEBl
SnouShVia? iS h cou.'rnot^re^o. TrterWoHd it is the one s u re .'\{$\<f7W&m
T^^^r^^r^rxh^^ 1^ 0^ remedy even after other //,Y\ fiymmL
stored me to health and strength. My pains are . _ ., , ... ." t V .¦ 1 J M*t-JB
son*. (signed). noble conger, means have^^ failed. It has I tL''' »oKl
disarmed prejudice by its amazing cures. You will j|gj[ ,^|S9
find it the grandest invigorator for your weakness. AB*^
Then why suffer? Why put off curing that Rheu-
matism, Varicbceie, Kidney Trouble or Nervous Derangement? My
Electric.Belt will cure you, and if you try it you will live to thank me that
I persuaded you to get it. My book illustrating this grand subject is
free. Send for it;
W^L »^ -mif 2*. /• m/X A I T/>UI FT&T 702 Market Street. Corner Kearny. San
dr.. m. a. Mclaughlin, L&3i&fs sIn due season .will get her Carnegie Li
brary building, and then those who have been kick
ing and complaining will go about : swearing they
rtver said a word '
The President of ihe Argentine Republic. is going
to visit us with a purpose of studying" us and our cus
toms.' It is sincerely, to be hoped that he will not
strike Kansas City during convention week.
United States Senator Chirk of Montana must.think
that he is the central character in a French' farce.
The facility with which he went into the Senate
through one door, after, being thrown out of -another
is reminiscent of "French Flats." -;
A Federal Senate committee is fearful that if diplo
macy is to play a part in the construction of the
Nicaragua canal work' will not begin until fifty years
have passed: Somebody must be circulating a report
that American diplomats are hot what they used to be.
Some surprise has been created in London by a
dispatch which pretends to give an accurate account
of. an engagement which took place 132 miles from
the telegraph station. It is evident that the British
public has yet much to learn in the arts of the press
The United States Senate wants to know" how soon
it will be before the Cubans will be permitted to gov
ern themselves. The Senate must be dreaming to
ask such a preposterous question when we have that
fourteen million dollar postal fraud snap on our
hands.
When it adjourns the Republicans will be able to
show a good record for the session. Many important
measures, including the settlement of the monetary
standard and the adoption of wise regulations for cur
rency and banking, have been adopted Questions*
growing out of the annexation of Hawaii and Porto
Rico have been dealt with by the passage of bills
which will have the support of the people, and it is
known the Nicaragua canal bill would have been
passed had not the opposition managed to postpone it
by antagonizing the Hay-Pauncefote treaty. In fact,
despite that opposition, the bill may yet be taken up
and that important measure added to the record of
the work of the session.
So much good work done will make more con
spicuous than ever the failure of Congress to pass the
merchant marine. bill. The pledge in the platform of
1896 to promote American shipping is the only pledge
of that platform which remains unfulfilled. Neglect
on the part of Congress in that particular is difficult
to explain. With our rapidly increasing foreign trade
the need of an adequate merchant marine is felt by
every interest and every industry. Indeed the ship
ping bill might be well nigh regarded as an emer
gency measure, since every factor of the situation and
every tendency of commerce demands it.
The failure to pass the merchant marine bill con
stitutes the' single feature of the session Which 'can be
justly criticized. In every other respect the Repub
lican party can point with pride to what has been done
in the fulfillment of its campaign pledges, and when;
the representatives of the party return to their con
stituents they can rightly expect a full and cqrdiarin
dorscment of their service.
REPORTS that Congress would prohably ad
journ at an earl}' date have been confirmed Aiy
the announcement in the dispatches frori
Washington that the Republican leaders have virtually
decided upon such a course, and that now nothing re
mains but for the Senate and the House to a^rce
upon the day. ¦
AN EflRLY ADJOURNMENT.
PERSONAL MENTION.
D. McKenzle. a mining man of Marat
Ian. is at the Lick.
J. W. Smith, n. merchant of Altamont,
Oregon, is at the Grand.
Edwin A. Meserve, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the Grand.
W. R. Plaisted of the Fresno Evening
Democrat is at the California.
D. S. Rosenbaum, a merchant of Stock
ton, is registered at the Palace.
E.. E. Hush, the real estate and oil man
of lianford, is stopping at the Lick.
J. II. Chanslor, the well-known oil man
of Coalinga. is registered at the Palace.
A. J. Binnie. a merchant of Marysvni«.
accompanied by his wife, are at the Lick.
M. Esternaux, the German Consul at
Los Angeles, Is stopping at the Occiden
tal.
James Wiiilamson and C. F. Allen, cap
italists of New York, are stopping at the
Ol'fornla.
Dr. C.' A. Rugglcs. a member of the
State Board of Health, is registered at
the Grand.
A. W. Dow and R. C. Applegate of the
United States Geological Survey arrived
yesterday from Washington and ar» stay-
Ing at the Occidental.
N. T. Smith of the Southern Pacific
Company has had another title added to
his* name. He is now the treasurer of the
Central Railway Company, succeeding
John C. Klrkpatrick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 21.— Professor Newel
Perry of. the University of California is
at the Herald Square; S. B. Reynolds of
Oakland is at the Murray. Hill.
¦ ? ¦
CAIilFOBNIANS IN WASHINGrTON
WASHINGTON. May 21.-R. A. Wise is
at the Ebbitt; Charles F. Craig, Thomas
Maloney. Robert Page and C. O. Baldwin
of San Francisco are at the St. James;
C. L. T Field of San Francisco is at the-
RIgg?; E. P. Crane of Los Angeles is at
the St. James; L. E. Mosher of Los An
geles- is at the Gordon; A. B. Cass and
wife of Los Angeles are at the Riggs.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MINERAL, PATENT LAW— P. R.,
Rocky Bar, Cal. The mineral patent law
has not been repealed.
CLEVELAND'S TWO TERMS-J. II. C.
City. G rover Cleveland was twice elected
President of the United States— In 18S4 and
1S02.
A DIME OK 1S3<>-A. S.. Rio Vista. Cal.
The selling price of a dime of 1S50, is from
50 to 60 cents. Dealers' do not pay a pre
mium for dimes of that date.
NOT ON THE LIST-E. A.. Grass Val
ley. Cnl. Neither the first Monday in Sep
tember In each year nor the 14th of Oc
tober nre on the list of legal holidays.
TROPERTY-E. A.. Grass Valley. Cal.
Different rules prevail in different States
as to delinquent property tax. and as your
question does not name the State about
which you desire to be informed the ques
tion cannot be answered.
OREGON REPRESENTATIVE — Wil
liam A. Moody of the Dalles is the Rep
resentative in Congress from the Second
District of Oregon.
THEATERS IN LONDON— J. L.. City.
There are no performances in the flrst
class theaters of the city of London, Eng
land, on Sunday nights.
SHARKEY AT WOODWARD'S— F. W.
S., Newark, Cal. Tom Sharkey and Chn
ynski fought a match in Woodward's
Pavilion on the 11th of March, 1S9S.
THE MOTHER LODE— W. J. T. f Stent,
Cal. The pay shoots on the mother lode
do not all pitch In one direction. There
are shoots in different directions.
PNEUMATIC PROTECTOR— W. B.,
City. Corbett's trainer who wore a pneu
matic protector during the time he was
training the ex-champlon at* Carson City
was Billy Woods.
HAIR ON THE FACE— P. S.. City.
Nothing has yet been discovered that will
prevent growth of hair upon the face.
There are a number of depilatories that
ran be used for the removal of hair from
the face. ; . V: v v?
JUSTICES OF. THE PEACE— A. B. C.
City. ' The following named were Justices
of the Peace In San Francisco In 1SS9:
Henry J. Stafford.- Frank J. Murasky,
Julius Relmer, James I. Doland and J. C.
B. Hebbard. ________
GOLD STANDARD— J. H. D., Sacra r '
mento, Cal. The foreign countries that
have tho gold standard are: Australia,
Anstrla-Huhgary, Brazil, Egypt, Finland.
German empire. Great Britain. : Canftda,
Newfoundland. Labrador, Denmark, Nor
way, Sweden. Port 11 gal and Tnrkey.
THE .VICE PRESIDENT— E. A., Grass
Valley;- Cal: • In case the Vice President
of the United States becomes President or
dies the temporary president of the Sen-i
ate becomes the Vice -President 'and fills
the duties of the ofltee until a .Vice Presi
dent Is elected or another temporary
president of the Sennte.is selected.
QUESTIONS IN GRAMMAR— A. C,
Oakland, Cal. This department does not
answer questions, about parsing.- Any
English grammar. will answer the half a
dozen questions submitted. .:. You can on
application to ¦ any first-class bookstore
obtain "good books on composition."
A DITCH— Miner, Hoopa Valley. Cftl.
The correct term- to apply, to the edge of
a ditch is "brink." ."Brim" would express
the idea. "Berm"' to designate that por
tion of a ditch : might have been a local
application In some of, the mining dis
tricts in the early days of California, but
It ls-not recognized now. The grating at
the end of sluice boxes is' termed a griz
zly, not a grizzle.
Murphy, Grant & Co.. W. & J. Sloane
Miller. SIoss & Scott, the California Cas
ket Company and the Indianapolis Fur
niture Company filed, a petition yesterday
In the United States District Court to de
clare F. J. Muller of Anderson, Shasta
County, an involuntary bankrupt. The pe
titioners allege that he owes them more
than t«00 and that he has committed an
act of bankruptcy.
Charles C. Valpey of "Warm Springs
Alameda County, filod a petition to be de
clared a bankrupt. He plves his liabilities
as $2414 SS and hi? asset* at J145.
W. Welsh, merchant. Haywards, also
filed a petition. Ilia liabilities are $1200 and
he has no assets.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per la atTownsenrf'*.*
Look out for SI Fourth (3c barber, sro
cer); best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. •
Special Information supplied dally t-->
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 jionu
gomery street. Telephone Main 10*3. *
A Condition, Not a Theory.
Politlcus— The question Is, what shall wo
do with our new possessions?
Younffhub— I'll tell you what I do with
mine; I walk the floor night3 with it.—
Harper's Bazar.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
If your complaint la want of appetite, try half
wine glass of Dr. Slesert'a Anjostura Bitters
before iceals.
She— Oh. no. They're not In trade.
They have a family tree, I'd have you
know. t
lie — Yes,' nut it grew from a small
manufacturing plant back in the early
twenties. — Philadelphia Press. ,
Petitions In Bankruptcy.
With the history of the movement to bring about
the undertaking of that important work the people are
familiar. Some time ago the California Legislature
appropriated $250,000 for the impounding of debris
in the upper rivers for the protection of miners and
farmers. To this the Federal Government added
$250,000. The California Debris Commission, com
posed of Government engineer?, has worked for a
long time to perfect a system by which the desired
work can be effectively accomplished. They finally
reported to the War Department a system which
would cost $800,000, or $300,000 more than- the com
bined appropriations. They declined to go ahead
with the work until the required money was in sight.
The delay which was thus threatened. would be t
serious injury, and accordingly efforts were made by
the California delegation in Congress to procure au
thority for the War Department to begin the work
with the money appropriated, the . deficiency to be
supplied by appropriations to be 'made hereafter.
That authority has now been given in the bill adoptci
by the House, and we have therefore good reason for
expecting that this work, so important to the people
of California, will soon be under way.
To the men who have achieved the good results
now in sight much credit is due. The strife between
the miners in the mountains and the people of the
valleys was hurtful to the best interests of Califor
nia in many ways, and it was a matter of general con
gratulation when they agreed upon a programme
which promised to open a way for hydraulic mining
while at, the same time securing the farms along the
streams from harm. The outlook is now encour
aging, and it is to be hoped there will be no further
hitch in the work.
A SATISFACTORY ending to a prolonged con
test seems to be assured in the "report from
Washington that the river and harbor bill re
cently passed by the House contains a resolution au
thonzing the beginning of work for the impounding
of the debris of our mountain rivers and the protec
tion of the valleys from injury by the operation of
mines.
THE DEBRIS RESOLUTION.
ABOUT this time look for reports of the Presi
dent's failing health. In 1893 the Democratic
opponents of Mr. Cleveland's sound money
policy were greatly cheered by reports that his health
was so bad that he would not last till the meeting of
Congress in December. Now it is discovered that
President McKiniey is suffering serious impairment
of health. The fact Is that he is in better health than
for years — far better than when he was in Congress.
He has the springy step and complexion of a boy.
In years he is in the prime of life, and is. getting his
physical dividends out of a life well ordered, prudent
and abstemious from his yot:th.
He has gone through the trials and crises of an un
usually active administration with the ease and facil
ity that conic of systematic business habits and a habit
of never fretting or worrying. What he can help he
helps, and what he c?n't help he dismisses without,
worry.
He is of stout and long-lived stock. His parents
and grandparents had an excellent vital record.
Length of days was the endowment of his forebears,
and he, more than others of his family circle, inherited
their physical and mental traits. The country is for
tunate in his physical strength and endurance and his
faculty of economizing and wisely using his energies.
He will long survive his second administration, to
enjoy the respect of his countrymen and to enjoy also
their establishment upon the firm foundation of pros
perity and progress builded in that industrial policy
with the promotion of which his name will be per
manently identified in cur history-
The country need take no stock in rumors of his
physical infirmity, or any impairment of his vigor.
THE PRESIDENT'S HEALTH.
TotaIs nS.flO9.31 $33,330,777
The increase is considerably over 100 per cent. In
Idnho the number of depositors has increased S50; in
Mor.tana from 7363 to 13-2.U; in Colorado from 18.53J
to 30.047; in Wyoming from 3026 to 6494. This
means that about 100 per cent more people were earn
ing a surplus of money in 1899 over and above what
was required in their daily life, and were adding to the
loan fund by depositing it in the banks. Of course
this means also that a vastly greater percentage were
earning what their daily needs require, which they
were not doing in 1894. These four States have an
2 SgTCgate population of 1.100,000.
The improved price of lead, copper, wool, beef and
mutton js responsible for this great increase in accu
mulations ar.d for its diffusion among the people.
And that increase in price is due to the country's gain
in consuming power, due to a revival of industry and
business even-where, and to the amazing increase in
our foreign trade.
As to our foreign trade, let the Western producer
consider its effect upon his welfare. He is not con
cerned so much as to whether what he produces is an
article of export as he is in the employment of home
labor in manufacturing for foreign demand, which la
bor is fed and clothed by what he produces, and is
cble to pay good prices for it, whereas five and six
years ago it could pay nothing.
In the nine months ending with March, 1900. we ex
ported four million dollars' worth of American loco
motives, against less than one million dollars' worth
in the corresponding months ending with March, 1894,
and two million eight hundred thousand dollars'
worth in the same period ending March, 1898.
This is given as an example of the extent to which
American labor is increasingly occupied in high grade
manufacturing to supply an increasing foreign de
mand.
A report recently made to his Government by the
British Agent and Consul General in Egypt says:
"Captain Johnstone, acting president of the railway
administration (Egyptian), reports the number of
breakdowns in our stock has been considerable, due
partly to heavy traffic and partly to inferiority <)f
stock. The engines purchased from America have
done well. The action of the board in ordering
locomotives snd v.asrcns (cars) from America has
been criticized. The orders arc partly due to the fa<«t
that American firms, while they are not in a position
to bid on more favorable term* than others on our
designs, invariably offer us engines or wagons built
to standard designs of their o'wn at lover prices and
less time; while Enghrh and other European
makers content themselves with tendering on bur de
signs, rot being in the habit of manufacturing to
standard designs of their own. In c?.fcs when time
and cost are of great importance, such an offer from
America cannot be passed by. On the other hand, the
long time required by competent English firms to
execute such orders is prohibitive. Three new loco
motives have arrived. and been taken into use on the
Kcnen-Assuan railway, and thirty wagons and three
more locomotives are on the way. All these are from
America, as they were urgently needed, and early de
liver;,- could not be obtained elsewhere."
An investigation into other lines of manufacture will
disclose a similar condition. It has arisen since 1806
as a part of the jrrest and general revival of energy
which has thrilled through every American interest.
It is a condition th2t should not be disturbed by re
versing the political situation and trying Colonel
Bryan's rule of thumb scheme of administration.
"T"*HE people of this country are very much dis-
I posed to look out for their own welfare. Ther
are averse to political experiments which may
bring a business reaction hurtful to industry, and arc
quite in the habit of letting well enough alone, until
they are <:r.ite sure that a change means something
better and not worse.
Colonel Bryan has just finished one of his cele
brated calamity tours, and has cried woe! woe! with
all the guttural energy of Solomon Eagle. The West
was chosen as the theater of his Jeremiads, so that :t
js izir to compare the present condition of some typi
cal Western States with that of four and six years ago.
We have already submitted a showing for California,
in the savings and commercial bank deposits, as stated
by Hon. B. D. Murphy, Democratic Bank Commis
sioner. The same form of statement for the four
mountain Slates, Colorado, Idaho. Wyoming an-i
Montana, shows equal improvement in "condition;.!
during the last five years, as evidenced by their ac- |
comulations of surplus capital. The bank deposits in
those States, as shown by official figures, for 1S94 and
1809. as follows:
BUSINESS AND POLITICS.
Leave of absence for two months from
July 20 has been granted Lieutenant
Colonel Milton B. Adams. Corps of En
gineers.
First Lieutenant Frederick S. L. Price,
promoted from second lieutenant. Sixth
Infantry, has been assigned to the Four
teenth Infantry to the vacancy caused by
the promotion of First Lieutenant Charles
BnWM? 11 , 1^ 0 ! 1 / 0 be captain and commis
sary of subsistence. Lieutenant Price wll
under orders, be assigned to a companvoi
*5Vf. L^ 1 " 1 * 1 ", 1 , Irving in the Philippines,
which he will proceed to join without de-
First Lieutenant John L. Russell. Thir
ty-seventh Infantry, having tendered hia
resignation, is ordered honorably dis
charged from the army.
L ' eutenant Thomas F. Dwyer.
E££ ? eentl £. Infs i ntry ' nas been ordered to
report at Fort Columbus. New York har
bor, for such duty as he can perform with,
the companlea of the Fifteenth Infantry
serving there. f
First Lieutenant Charles H. Paine, bat
talion adjutant. Thirteenth Infantry, ha*
ra . ns / erred to Company C of the
J-'Rnth Infantry, to take the place of
First Lieutenant Frederick W. Coleman.
» °.w i , been transferred to the Thir
teenth Infantry.
Major Eugene D. Dimmlck. Fifth Cav
alry, formerly on duty with the civil gov
ernment of Porto Rico, has been ordered
to take station at Mayaguez. Porto Rico.
Captain Robert Alexander. Eleventh In
fantry, who was also on duty with tha
civil government, has been ordered to re
port at San Juan. Porto P4co, where !n
addition to his other duties he will take
charge of the United States provisional
court property until such time as It can
b^rt r 2^C» rred to the United States Uls-
— *- -
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
She Let the Cat Out of the Bag.
A lady who had a servant somewhat
given to curiosity inquired on returning
from a visit one afternoon: "Did the post
man leave any letters, Mary?" "Nothing
V. ut a P os tcard. ma'am." "Who Is it from,
Alary.'" "And do you think I'd read it.
ma am?" said the girl, with an injured
air. "Perhaps not; but any one who sends
me messages on postcards is stupid or im
pertinent." "You'll excuse me. ma'am."
returned the girl loftily, "but I must say
tnat s a nice way to be talking about your
own mother."— Sydney Town and Country
Journal.
•
Insult to Injury.
oiuper— riere s a nice letter for a man to
receive! The scoundrel who wrote it calls
me a blithering idiot!
Teeple— What's his name?
Stuper— That's just what I'd like to find
out, but there's no signature.
Teeple— Don't you recognize the writ
ing? It must be somebody who knows
you.— Life.
Mistaken.
uife Cwlth a determined air)— I want to
see that letter. •» *
Husband— What letter?
Wife— That one you just opened. I
know by the handwriting that It is from
a woman, and you turned pale when you
read it. I will see it. Give It to me, sir.
Husband— Here it is. It's your milli
ner's bill.— Christian ' Advocate.
The Effect of "War on Supply. .
Mild Individual— And— ah— what entrees
have you, waiter?
Walter (with military salute):— We've
boar's head and Kruger sauce, kopjes a la
dumdum, sorties a la Ladysmlth, Cronjes
on toast, Maxims and howitzers a la
Methuen: but I think the lyddites and
shrapnels are off, sir.— Fun.
Making the Most of It.
Publisher— There is one bad break In
your novel. You tell of a tremendous
snowstorm that your hero encountered in
tho tropics. As a matter of fact, they
never have any snow there.
Writer — Yes; that Is the reason I made
so much of the circumstance, don't you
see— Boston Transcript.
"What made you get out of the car so
suddenly, Spriggins?"
"Didn't you see that crazy women?"
"Why, no. Which one was it?"
"The one I offered my seat to. She
thanked me politely, but said she had
only been shopping and she presumed I
needed the seat more than she did." —
Philadelphia Bulletin.
He Sympathized.
Son-In-Law— I married your daughter,
sir, and 1 must say I have never ceased
to regret it.
Father-in-Law— I sympathize with you,
my boy: I married her mother.— Tit-Bits.
¦ « » «
GAME PROTECTION
TO BE THE THEME
Coming: Convention Will Consider
Many Matters of Great Impor
tance to Sportsmen.
The convention called by t!ie Game and
Fish Commissioners to consider the pre
servation r:nil protection of the wild came
and fish of the State will convene on
Thursday morning at 10 o'clock, in the
rooms of the Olympic Gun Club. Kearny
street nnd Union Square avenue. The
delegates will continue in session for
three days. As previously announced,
the main object of the meeting will be to
outline a bill which will have the effect
of completely revising the game iind rish
laws of the State. Ihis will be submitted
to the next Legislature. »
One of the principal features of the pro
posed bill is the shortening? of tha open
season on all kinds of game now project
ed and to extend the protection of the'law
to those kinds not now mentioned In the
statutes. Another point to be rec-om
mended Is the limiting of the number of
game birds that a person may kill in one
day. The separation of the gamp and lish
interests will also be recommended
Civil S2rvice Examinations.
The United States Civil Sen-Ice Commis
sion announces that, beginning June 19 of
this year, examinations will be held In
this city and elsewhere for the position of
inspector of boilers at Charlestown. Mass
salary $15o0 per annum, and for assistant
Inspector of hulls at New Orleans La_
and at Baltimore. Mil., salary J1S00 per an
num. Ape limit 23 to 55 years Persons
Intending to compete should applv to the
United States Civil Service Commission at
Washington for application £rmi0S7
which should be properly filled out and
forwarded to the commission without de
« m i -
Merchants' Association Election.
The sixth annual meeting and election
of the Merchants* Association will be held
to-morrow evening in the Academy of
Sciences building. The - following mem
bers have been nominated for election as
directors: AS. Baldwin. C. S. Benedlof.
Charts Bundschu, Foster P. Cole. An
drew M Davis F. W. Dohrmann. Joseph
?' F r ? nt^, Mi J, rsna1 Hal *. Huff" D. Kell,
«» i C M con / *™ wnr <l H. Mitchell. Ed
£ tv. Mif 01 " 1 / 1 , P - Redlnston. Hu S «-
Rothschild and Frank J. Symmes.
Lecture on Expansion.
To-morrow evening at the Church of the
Advent, on Eleventh street, near Market
f£^ nB . M - Sett -will deliver a lecture on
The .. Acquisition of Uncle Sam's Terri
tory. 1 The lecture will be illustrated with
ftercopticon views by Tostofflce Inspector
James W. .Erwln. Admission free.
To Protect ft Sailor.
Walter William Lane was arrested yes
terday by United States Marshal Shine on
a warrant issued by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock charging him with
unlawfully - wlthholdinK the clothes of a.
sailor to enforce the payment of a claim.
TUESDAY ...MAY 22, 1900
JOHN U. bPRECKELS. Proprietor.
t-dd'ezs All Comrr.mica' ions to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
FUBLICATIOX OFFICE. .Mnrkpt and Third. S.F.
Telephone Slain 1868.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS....217 «o 221 Steren«on St.
Telephone Main 1S74.
Delivered by Carrier*. IS Ccn(a Ter Weelt.
»«na!<- Copiea. r. Cent*.
Terms b>- MnSI. Including; I'oitaeet
r>AlLT CALL. OncJyding Sunday), on* year $8.00
3>A1!,Y CALL- Unc'.udins Sunday), 6 months 300
J'AILY CALL, <Jnc:-jdin? BosOmD. 3 months l.M
J^AILY CALL-Ht ;-::¦,:')» Month - -. 6£c
i-TXDAT CAU^ One Year l- r fl
\VI:f:KLT CALL. One T^ar - r - 1-<W
All |iostin.iMi'n nrr nothorlr.ed to receive
snbftcrfptlons.
Sample ccples Trill W Jorwarded when requested.
OUlLAXa OFFICE 1118 nroadway
C GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Fore : £n Advertising, Varquette Building. Chicago.
¦ !j :? Distance TVl*r>hct)e '¦Central 2C13.")
XEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
KEW TORK. REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 1 S. SMITH 30 Tr.bu^o Btii'drnq
_ _ T purpose Is to add to the recognized number of arts
one other, the art of acting— that art which Voltaire
ill spoke of aa the most beautiful, the most difficult.
I I 1 the most rare. The great bulk of thinking and un-
I 1 1 thinking: people accept acting aa one of the arts. It
B a Is merely for a formal and official recognition of the
" ™ fact that I ask. -
t Acting is a part of human nature. It Is originally
Nature's own method of education in the earliest
stages, and its purposeful organization is like that of any other
organization — an art.
Before we consider what Is the "differentia" or essential con
dition of a work of fine art, let me point out that art In any
of its phases does not deal with the original conception or crea
tion of Idea3. The Greek language, whence we derive the word,
had a completely different word to express the originator of
ideas— the word creator or maker — the poet, as we call him
to this day. The functions of these two, the poet and the
artist, are entirely different, and their work can be dissociated.
Homer, the poet, conceived his thoughts and gave them
utterance, but the fashion in which he molded them In giving
them birth was a work of art. When others declaimed his
verses, so as to give forth their mighty roll and rhythm, the
fashion of their speech was the work of art. When, later on,
the sculptors modeled the forms of the gods and heroes as
Homer described them, translating the thoughts of the poet
Into graceful form whose Inner significance men could under-
Btand— this was the work of the artist, too. It was no de
traction from the merit of the work, as a work of art, that the
sculptor set forth Homer's ideas and not his own.
Thus far we find applicable to acting the principles of art
laid down by two philosophic critics. Dr. Johnson, a poet of
the eighteenth century, imbued with all the culture and wis
dom of classic lore, the translator of Homer, the familiar of
the works of Plato and Aristotle, and M. Talne, Ihe exponent
of the modern scientific school of philosophy, a professor par
excellence of the plastic arts. We find that what is essential
to poetry, to music, to sculpture, to painting, is also essential
to acting.
Where, then, is the proof that acting is not one of the sl3ter
arts? What Is there, in it that disqualifies it from holding a
p!ace among them? To assert such a thing is to assume the
attitude of Cinderella's sisters in the fairy tale.
Now, Shakespeare wrot*. a play In which Richard III Is a
character. Can any one deny that this Is a work of art? Gar
rJck In his playing appeared on the stage in such wise that
those who Baw him knew that the man before them waa the.
man Garrlck. while at the same time he seemed by many signs
and In many ways to be the Image, copy, what you will, of
Shakespeare's Richard III. though Garrlck gave his Shake
speare unadulterated with Clbber. Yet Garrick's work In pro
ducing this Impression was, we are to be told, not a work of
art. Why It was not so I leave to those to say who assert that
acting- is not an art.
Kow as to endurance of expression. Is It to be seriously set
forth by any one as an argument that art ceases to be art be
cause Its work does not endure? The life of all things of the
¦world Is bounded by time and the many accidents and disasters
which are time's agents of destruction. Surely of all the ma
terials in which art can work, marble, brick and metal are th»
most enduring, and yet th» works wrought In them pass away.
With the Parthenon and the Colosseum In ruins and the great
temples of the gods obliterated; with the works of Praxiteles
and Phidias, almost unseen by any eye In their perfect beauty:
with the wilderness of Benvenuto's marvels, mainly, long ago
reduced to chaos In the melting pot; with Apelles a name, and
even the names of the host of his compeers forgotten, who la
to say that works of art need Immortality In order that tha
labor to which they are due may be classed as art?
Where are now those miRhty works of man's art which cams
to be known as the "Seven Wonders of the World?" Wher©
is the mighty city of Babylon, with Its walls and temples and
gardens? Gone. Where la the mighty statue of Olympian
Jove, the triumph of Phidias? Gone. Where is the temple of
Diana? Gone. Where Is the mausoleum of Artemisia? Gone.
Where is the Pharos of Alexandria? Gone. Where Is the
Colossus of Rhodes? Gone. Aye, and gone with them millions
of art works, by myriads of workers In countless ages— men
now nameleas, but once full of honor, and whose work was and
is placed in the existing category of the arts.
Acting may be evanescent. It may work in the media of
common nature; it may be mimetic like the other arts- it mnv
not create any more than does the astronomer or the nafiiMi
1st, but it can live and can add to the turn of human know -
edge In the ever-varying study of man's nature hv man and
its work can. like the six out of the seven wonders at t'hci
world, exist as a great memory. M ln *
Acting as a Fine Art.
By Henry Irving.
The Call desires to go upon record in the most positive manner, .upon knowledge
obtained through the exertion of all the resources at command of a newspaper, that there
has been and is no bubonic plague in San Francisco. But anewspaper cannot alone undo the
harm that is being done. There must be immediate action by the mercantile and business
classes, to secure the abundant scientific testimony at hand. There arc men here of emi
nence in the medical world who are known and trusted far abroad. Their action and ex
pression should be secured immediately. And when they have spoken let all official au
thority be brought into action to purge the city's good name of the harmful stain that has
fallen upon it. The State Board of Health has already taken action and has officially
notified the State Boards throughout the Union that the plague is not here. This is offi
cial action reliable and satisfactory. Let it be followed up by such action as shall secure
the co-operation of the Federal authorities in putting an end to the needless and cause
less panic which exists at a distance. Here there is no alarm, panic or disturbance in
Chinatown or elsewhere.
The time has come for some positive action on the part of the people of this city.
We have here scientific physicians, with the caution and modesty which accompany that
character. Theyare not compelled to eke out an income by seeking politicalposition and
its emoluments. They have a regard for their own professional reputation and for the wel
fare of this city. Their services should be secured to settle at once this highly vital matter.
Since the first heedless scare of last March the newspapers here have kept a close watch
upon the matter, with able scientific assistance, and have been ready at the appearance of
danger to frankly disclose all the facts. They have found no occasion to make any dis
closure, further than that the plague is not here. The pathological pecu
liarities of common disease among Asiatics are not known to American practitioners,
except to the few who practice among that race. There are" a Jew physicians of ap
proved scientific standing here who have Asiatics among their clientele, and so far not
one of them has given his testimony to the existence of a single case of plague here.V ¦
It is a matter of such supreme seriousness to the whole State as to- dwarf all other
matters. The county organization of physicians has refused to indorse the statements
heretofore made that plague is here. Their action was based upon positive knowledge
derived from the professional contacts of members of the society. On top of this comes
the admission of the State Board of Health itself that there is no plague here. ;
The issue now is, how to remove the impression that has been unfortunately pro
pagated abroad, to the immeasurable injury of California and to the probable loss of a
whole year's commerce.
THE Gity Board of Health has involved San Francisco in another bubonic plague
scare, which, from all the facts known, we are able to denounce as equally groundless
with* that which originated in the same source last March.
This latest alarm began with the case of a Chinese who was under treatment- for
malarial fever, accompanied,. in its acute stage, by swelling of the glands. In that stage
his case came under cognizance of some one connected with the Board of Health, and the
conclusion was jumped at that he had. bubonic, plague. The subsequent proceedings fol
lowed. Inoculation was decided upon, and the whole Asiatic population of the city has
been put under duress to submit to the serum treatment at the : hands of all sorts of em
ployes of the Board of Health. There are vague reports of from two to eight cases of the
plague, none located nor identified, and the report of each attended by the information
I that the victims were also suffering from other diseases previous to the assumed presence
j of the capital ailment. This treatment of the matter has. resulted in a well developed
i panic outside of San Francisco, causing a distinct embargo upon our commerce and a
i shadow upon the export trade and the prosperity of the whole State for the entire year.
ANOTHER PLAGUE SCARE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1900.
t.ve
6
1<S4. .
1S55.
.. 5 9.37* .733
ja
».05i,S77
Mi. 412
U584G8
.. 4<*3.m
S.7G0.823
. l^i',636
3.15^.<*»
1<S4. .
1S55.
.. 5 9.37* .733
ja
».05i,S77
Mi. 412
U584G8
.. 4<*3.m
S.7G0.823
. l^i',636
3.15^.<*»
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY. nnd SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD D3EDGIN0 PUMPS
l/Ijr|PH "Were successful at Nome last
lYlVV/Uil year. All others failed. In cpera.
tlon dally. 9 Stevenson «t., S. F.
SAJiD CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
* -• la operation daily. 6?3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON,
DMEDQI.NO PUMPS.
Onr eentrtfusrsl pumps are golns to Cap* Notti*.
are you? Better bay one; Juit th» pump for
gravel: nas interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO.. ror. Fremont and N'a'.sma.
DBEDO1VO PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifuira! Pump*.
Knfrlnes&Bollers. Hendy Max:h. Wks.. 4t> Fremont.
MARSH .STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or ialt water for stuice boxes;
high or low lifts. SIMOXDS. 23 Market st.
EX3IMES.
In stock, steam, gas. raxollne: full line: mfr*.
prices. American Mfrs. A.«?n., 20 Fremont.
GOLD SEPARATOi*.
MARSHALL. Gold Savins Machine. ' 29 Folsoza
st. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion »Iulce save3 go'd: competi-
tion Invited. 1733 lith «t., corner Guerrero*.
PLATE* rOP SAVlTfO OOLr».
Schaerletn A BurrldEe. • 3 Hardle place, off
Kearny. Letween Sutter and Bush, streets.
SILVER-PLATED AMALGAM PLATF&
F. W. BELXs Central P!atlne Works. S53 Mis-
sion st.. S. F. Phone Jessie 301.
TANKS. "~
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturer* 33
Beale St.. 9. F.; H3 E. 8.1 st.. Los AngeleV
TENTS.
TKNTS. Tents. Tents. Awnings and Covers.
F. THOMS. 1139Ml8!Hon »t. Phone Howard 933.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. a. F.
GROCERIES.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. SDARBORO A. CO.. 621 Montgomery.
MEDICINB CASKS. ,
FERBYDEUOCO v --iJSKV
AMUSEMENTS.
TlrcTl— "The Wizard of the Kile."
Ur»r.<3 Oj>»rs-h'-T5»>e — "The Lady Slavey."
Alcazar — "Tbe Butterfiles." j
Orrhpum— VasdeviKe.
CoJun:bia— "The Tyranny of Tears."
Oali'unJa — '"Tb* Amaiaia."
Olynspia. cor nrr Masoo and Ed«5y streets — S?r>scialtlea.
Chutes. Zoo tjwl TUeater — VauJertlle every afternoon and
eceiitr.fi. ,
FUclier"* Concert House— "Faust."
Karp Company Concert Ilall— Vaadevl^e.
Putro Balhii — Open njghta.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Wa'Jcir.*- Thw«ay. May :«. at 11 o'clock. Carriage
a=a \Taran Repository, it 1149 Foljcm street.$1 50 misses' kid shoes for 50c a pair at
the Beehive. Shoe Co., 717 Market st. •
Fast Wheeling in the Park.
Joseph Ade. Clyde and John Mclntosh
and John Shelter, four boys arrested In
Golden Gate Park on Sunday for fast rid.
ing on their bicycles, appeared yesterday
before Judge Cabanlss. The Judge repri
manded them and dismissed the case*.
Jennie Conn was granted a divorce from
Marion Conn yesterday on the ground of
willful neglect. Mary Deromerl has been
granted a divorce from George Deromert
on the ground of extreme cruelty. Bertha
R. Simon has sued Henry' Simon .for di
vorce, alleging cruelty and failure to pro
vide. / ¦ '
In the Divorce Court.
John Barrett, a carpentpr at Sunnyslde.
swore out a warrant yesterday in Judge
Slogan's court for the arrest of Gus Eweil,
a machinist, on the charge of assault with
a deadly weapon. Barrett alleged that
during an argument with Ewrll about the
decorations for a ball at Sunnyslde the
latter struck him on the right side of the
head ana on the forehead with a hammer.
Ewcll was arrested and released on bonds.
He said he was decorating the hall when
Barrett Interfered and struck him with a
loaded cane. He had to use the hammer
to defend himself.
Hit With a Hammer.
New Company Has Incorporated for
the Purpose of Carrying the
Project Through.
Articles of Incorporation of the Modesto
and Yosemite Valley Railway Company
were filed yesterday. The company pur
poses building a road frcm Oakdale. Stan
islaus County, to Modesto, thence west
erly to Crows Landing or Newman and,
thence to tidewater. The length of the
road will be 100 miles. The company 13
capitalized at $100,000. all of which has
been subscribed by the board of directors.
Jacob Haslacher, Louis Kahrt. Charles T.
Tulloch. John F. Tucker. Frank A. Cres
sey, Charles R. Tlllson and George Per
ley. > :v
ANOTHER RAILROAD
WILL TAP MODESTO
He Dscides Against the Claim of
Marshall Field & Co. of
Chicago.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow, sit
ting with Judges Gilbert and Hawley as
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals, handed down a decision yesterday
that will be read with interest all over the
United States by business men, for It lays
down the law on a mooted point in the re
lations between debtor, and creditor.
Tl;e case is that of Edward W. Forgy,
trustee of the estate of Fixen & Co., bank
rupt, vs. Marshall Field & Co., of Chicago.
The point at issue was whether a creditor,
receiving from a debtor a payment on ac
count in the ordinary course of business
within four months prior to the debtor
going into insolvency, was to be debarred
from asserting his claim because of such
payment.
Judge Morrow's decision was to the ef
fect that in such a case the creditor, Mar
s-hall Field & Co.. could have elected to
turn in the payment that was made to
them on account by the bankrupt and
take their chances with the other cred
itors, or keep the money that was paid
and receive nothing further from the
bankrupt estate. The judgment of the
lower court was accordingly reversed and
the cause remanded with directions to dis
allow the entire claim of Marshall Field
& Co. Judges Gilbert and Hawley con
curred in the decision.
Opinions In other cases v^ere handed
flown as follows: Clinton E. Worden &
Co, vs. California Fig Syrup Co.. decree
pfnrmecl. Judge IXoss oissenting; Glasgow
C. Davis vs. William j. Adams, judgment
reversed and cause remanded for further
proceedings. :
CREDITORS WARNED
BY JUDGE MORROW
There are two steamers named Victoria
on this coast. Both of them have served
as United States transports and both of
them were unlucky. The British steamer
Victoria arrived in port yesterday after
having taken seven months to make thy
round trip to Manila, while the American
steamer Victoria lost R5 out of 40J head of
horses a few days after she railed and had
to put back to Seattle :n distress.
The British steamer Victoria sailed from
here on October 16. 1S&9, with a carpi of
supplies for the army In Manila. When
about haif her Journey had been com
pleted her shaft broke. She drifted around
in a.hoipless condition for several days
until sail could be got on her and then
slow progress was made toward Guam.
Nothing was heard from the Victoria for
nearly iwo momhs. Just as everybody
was Betting anxious the news came that
she had reached Guam in safety and had
started for Manila on Decernoer 25 in tow
0/ the naval collier Brutus. It was the
Brutus that towed the monitor Monterey
from San Francisco to Manila, so she had
no diihculty In handling the transport.
Koth vessels reached Manila on March 14
last and the work of discharging the Vic
toria's cargo was at once beKun.
As soon as the transport was discharged
the Brutus took hold or.ee more and towed
her to Hongkong. A new shaft was put
In and the Victoria came back to San
Francisco. It took her 23 days to make
the run from Nagasaki. She will he re
leased by the Government to-day and will
go into the Puget Sound trade.
The American steamer Victoria, after
her disaster off Flattery, came here and
loaded for Manila. She made the re
mainder of the voyage without mishap
and is now In the trade between Seattle
and the Orient.
The transport Lawton will probably get
away for Seattle to-morrow. On her ar
rival Phe will take aboard a consignment
of United States troops for the various
camps in Alaska. When that work Is ac
complished she will go to Manila to be
placed In the inter-is'.and irade.
The transport Sherman wlil get away
June 1 for Manila. Sho will, take with her
BOO of the recruits now at the Presidio.
Water Front Notes.
The Bteamer Colon arrived vesterday
from Panama and way ports with 19 cabin
paseengers, 8 Europeans and 11 Chinese
in transit in the steerage. Among the
cargo was about $100,000 in Central Amer
ican money and 58 barn of gold.
The brig Lurllne arrived yesterday from
Kahulul after a long passage of 22 days.
She was placed In quarantine and will be
fumigated before being released.
•The steamer .Humboldt Is due here to
day from Pujret Sound porta. Sho has
Transport Victoria Reaches
Port After a Long
Trip.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The steamer Sequoia leaves to-day from
Mission-street wharf for Nome while the
Chas. D. Lnne will sail from Harrison
ptreet wharf for the pame place on Thurs
day.
The steamer Ignacio Mariscal. which is
making such a long run from Manzanillo
to San Francisco, has arrived at San
Diego. She was short of coal.
been chartered by the Alaska Kxploration
Company and will s.ijl for Nome on May
30. On account of her speed and comfort
the Humboldt has been the favorite boat
on the Seattle-Skaguay run for two years
past.
In one of his papers on helium Ram3ay
says that the comparison of Its spectrurh
with that of argon "may point to the
conclusion that argen Is a mixture." Re
cently. In 1S98, four new gase* were ob
tained from argon. They were called
krypton, neon, metargon and xenon, and
are considered by their discoverers. Ram
say and Travers. elementary substances.
Metargon was first seen as a white solid
In the evaporation of liquid argon, but
little more than the name Is known oC
any of them.
At about the same time Brush an
nounced the discovery of a substance
which was supposed to be a new gas.
From Its very remarkable properties tt
received. the name "etherlon. It was ob
tained by highly exhausting soda gla?s.
Its conducting power, at this high ex
haustion, wai twenty times that of hy.
drosen. and It was concluded that It must
be ten thousand times as light as hydro
gen. No further account of It has been
published, although Crookes has suggest
ed that It may be very highly exhausted
water vapor.
The> discovery of new pubstancen In such
rapid succession does not tend to the sim
plification of ideas: and we may hope that
the time will come when Investigation, In
stead of multiplying elements, will suc
ceed In reducing some of those substance^
that are now considered elementary to>
simpler form*. ,.
Other New Gases.
"We appear to be In the presence of the
vera causa." not of two or three, but of
many of the lines which so far have been
classed as unknown by students both of
solar and stellar chemistry. And If this!
be confirmed we are evidently In thw
presence of a new order of gases of the
highest importance to celestial chemistry,
though perhaps th«»y may be of small
practical value to chemists, because their
compounds and associated elements are
for the most part hidden deep in the
earth's Interior."
Helium was very difficult to liquefy and
was condensed by Dewar only by placinc
It in liquid hydrogen. Its boiling point
has not been determined, but Is probably
near that of hydrogen. It forms a liquid
which Is colorless In small quantity.
Large quantities have not been obtained.
Helium Is probably widely distributed in
very small quantities and seldom free. It
Is lighter than any known gas except hy
drogen, and for this reason and because
of Its inertness It Is not found In the at
mosphere. It would fly off Into space.
the earth, although some of them aro
found In the spectra of other stars. The
moat prominent of these lines Is a bright
yellow line recurring very close to the
yellow lines due to sodium. This line Is
known as D3, and was ascribed to the un
known element In question, which, from,
its existence In the sun was called helium.
Th" ppectrum of the new gas was care
fully compared with that of argon, and
Crookes determined by exact measure
ment that the bright yellow line wa3
identical with the line D3. Then Lockyer.
who had discovered the D3 line in 1863 and
named the substance producing it helium,
prepared some of the jras from minerals,
and concluded from his observations that
the nature of the gases obtained was not
simple and "that the gases composing the
mixtures are by no means the only ones
we may hope to obtain." There seemed
reason to expect the discovery of other
gases of a similar nature.
¦ Further search for compounds of argon
led to a new discovery. It had been found
that a certain rare mineral, a compound
of uranium, could be made to produce a
gas supposed to be nitrogen. The reported
action of this g-as led Ramsay to examine
the mineral in question, and he obtained
a gas which proved to be a mixture of
argon and helium.
Helium Is a gas which had up to that
time been considered either as entirely
absent from the earth or as contained In
chemical combination far out of reach In
the intcrlcr.i although It was known to
exist In the sun, from which It derived
Its name.
When the sun is totally eclipsed there
appears a bright, flaming envelope of
burning? gases called the chromosphere,
which is usually masked by the much
greater brightness of the body of the sun.
TTils chromosphere has been an object of
great interest to astronomers since It was
first shown by the telescope, and Its ap
pearance has b«en observed, drawn anil
photographed at every opportunity. This
can be done only during an eclipse. It
has also been observed by means of the
spectroscope, and a number of lines have
been found which did - not correspond to
those given by any substance known upon
Helium.
There is evidence both for and airalnst the
hypothesis that argon is a mixture — for. owini?
to Mr. Crookes* observations of the dual char
acter of the spectrum; against, because of
Professor OIoxewols.ru statement that it has
a definite melting point, a definite boiling point
and a definite critical temperature and prf»
sure; and tx'cause on compr^Ksinjc The ptr.* in
presence of its liquid, pressure remains sen
sibly constant until all *cas has condensed to
liquid. • • • The results may be taken as
affording additional confirmation of the con
clusion that arson is a definite, hitherto un
known constituent of the atmosphere, and that
It has been isolated in a slate very closely ap
proaching to purity.
Argon was found to have a bolllnsr point
of — 1S7 degrees C, and froze at — lSd de
grees C, in white crystals. It Is some
what soluble In water, but attempts to
jnake It combine chemically with nearly
forty different substances failed. It was
this Inertness that gave it the name
argon.
The question then arose. What Is the
actual evidence that the substance re
maining after the removal from air of the
known substances, except nitrogen. Is all
of one kind? Cavendish, experimenting
with air more than 100 years ago. got a
small residue, and concluded that "if
there is any part of the phloglsticated air
of our atmosphere which differs from the
rest and cannot be reduced to nitrous
acid, we may safely conclude that it Is not
more than 1-120 part of the whole." With
thia conclusion he appears to have been
satisfied, although probably this small
part contained the gas now called argon.
Ramsay and Rayleigh obtained portions
from air by different methods, measured
the density and examined the spectrum.
The spectrum, that most delicate of all
tests, showed a substance which certainly
was not nitrogen, but it was for some
time doubtful whether It was an element,
a compound or a mixture. Samples of the
new gas were very carefully examined by
Crookes and the snectrum was found to
present some peculiarities. The "physical
constants," as they are called, were de
termined by Olozewokl. There was evi
dence on both sides.
When the discrepancy of weights was first
encountered attempts were naturally made to
explain it by contamination with known im
purities. Of these the most likely appeared
to be hydrogen, present in the lighter gas. •
• • But inasmuch as the Intentional Intro
duction of hydrogen Into the heavier gao.
afterward treated In thf «am» -way, had no
effect upon Its weight, thia explanation had
to be abandoned.
A little less than five years ago it was
reported to the Royal Society by Ramsay
and Lord Rayleigh that a new gas had
been discovered in the atmosphere. The
small quantity In which it occurred and
Its remarkable reluctance to unite with
other elements were the reasons for Its
having remained so long unrecognized,
although it was probably obtained in a
somewnat Impure state more than a cen
tury ago.
Nitrogen, when extracted chemically
from Us compounds. Is about hi per cent
lighter than the nitrogen obtained from
air. This was marked by the experi
menters, and In Ramsay's words:
VIII. THE NEW GASES.
Argon.
Note— These lesions on practical science have
been prepared for The Call's Home Study
Circle by Professor William J. Hopkins of
Drexel Institute.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
SOMETHING like the scenes when
the first army transports were sniV
ing. soldier laden, for the Philip
pines, was that of yesterday after
noon nt the Pacific dock when the steam
sh'p ZealandJa pulled out for Nome fairly
alive with excited humanity, all her Hags
fly!ng and her whistles blowing a shrill
good-by in response to the various cries
and hat and handkerchief waving of the
thousands of men, women and children,
relative?, frirnds and curious, gathered
on the deck from which she sailed ana
the Broadway dor*k, opposite. Laughter,
tears, sobs and cheers expressed the va
rious emotions of those in the throng.
This, the largest steamer thus far sent
to Nome, carried the largest number of
people that yet has gone at one time.
There were 730 passengers and a crew of
120 aboard, S70 souls in alL In the crowd
gay youth and hoary old age brushed
together. Many women were aboard,
most of thc-m going without male protec
tion to "5fek their fortunes In the great
est mining camp of the time.'.
The dock from which the Zealandia
Milled would have been so jammed with
rpectators that the passengers would
have found it almost impossible to get
aboard had not entrance been restricted.
The overflow tilled the space on the pea
wall, and the Broadway dock carried a
large throng.
Gets Away on Time.
Assistant Superintendent L. A. Phillips
of the Alaska Exploration Company, un
der whose flag the steamer 3ai!ed, and
the company's secretary, S. W, Saalburij,
were there to superintend the departure
of the vessel. fc>ne grot away at 3:15 p.
m.. only a quarter ot an hour later than
the schedule time. Several passengers
came near getting left. One belated
passenger was rowed out to the ship Just
as she backed into the stream ana was
hauled aboard.
The most interesting passengers on the
rhip were an aged couplei pioneers of
California. They were going to Alaska
to "begin life anew," as the snowy-head
ed husband put it. Varun Westcou. 75
vears of age. of Soledad, and Helen M.
\Vestcott, his wife, also 75, found their
way. hand elapsed in hand, through the
,'r-nV*- crowd and on to the ship, where
thev swmed to take all the eager inter-
I est exhibited by younger people in the
j getting away of the ship.
i "I'm Roiiig up there to mine," said the
1 old man, his eyes bright with expec
¦ tuncy. "I mined in California In '43.
i and I haven't forgotten how. We've got
i as complete an outfit as anybody going
up."
"We want to be where the excitement
is," piped the old lady, "and that's why
we're going up there."
Has a Political Mission.
Edward McGettlgan, formerly a mem
ber of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, for years in political control of
i the Mare Island navy yard and known
i among politicians from one end of Cali
! fornia to the other, was one of the pas
i sengers, his son Lewis accompanying him.
Air. McGettlgan goes as the representa
tive of the wholesale liquor house which
he hart represented for years, but It is
said he has another mission, which is to
aid in fulfilling the political aspirations
! of his friend, Tom Geary of Santa Itosa
I The ex-Congressman sailed nearly two
weeks ap,o for Nome, and it is said that
In addition to a desire to make mnncv
practicing law there he has an ambition
i to represent the greater Alaska In the
National House of Representatives. Cam
paigning in Air ska. where it sometimes
tnkeH a month or more to go from one
principal town to another, will be quite
a riifferer.t thing from what it is here,
and the ofHec seeker will bo puzzled as to
where to begin and -where end.
H. I*. Byrne, the capitalist, and Charles
Watson of the Standard Oil Company
Ex-Superior Judge Ansel Smith and J.
B. McNamara. a sporting man of Stock
ton, sailed with the crowd. Mrs. Polsky
and her daughter of the same town went
on the Zenlandia to seek fortune in Nome.
Jim Dearin of O'Donnell & Dearin, the
Grant-avenue sa'oon men, went along, as
did Billy Fitzererald. the politician, who
will probably start a pure-politics club in
Nome with a picture of Chris Buckley
over the door as a source of inspiration.
Twenty-eight Chinese cooks employed
by the company were at the dock ready to
sail, but they did not get away. They re
fused to submit to vaccination ordered by
the Health Board and were not allowed to
go aboard. These men were employed at
tG5 a month each. The company would
have preferred white cooks at even better
wages, but white men cannot be depend
ed on because they quit work and rush to
the scene cf every new mining excif
ment. leaving the company In the lurch.
Another force of cooks will be secured
and sent up on the Humboldt Wednesday
week.
Chinese Cooks Left Behind.
Vincent Hook, formerly Sheriff of Con
tra Costa County, and Mitchell Phillips
of San Jose, at one time chief stevedore
for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
in this city, wt-re also among the passen
gers. Hook hns claims at Nome and Phil
lips represents a mining anrl trading com
pany for which 200 tons of machinery
were shipped on another boat. He took
seven mon with him.
Consciousness of 'ner enterprise seemed
to rush suddenly back to Mrs. Rosenberg
at these words. She sprang to her feet,
brushed the hair from her eyes and
dashed up the gangplank before her
friends could even shake hands with her.
When the steamer pulled out she stood at
the rail on the hurricane deck waving her
handkerchief oral smiling.
"Look here/.' exclaimed Assistant Su
perintendent Phillips, tapping her on the
shoulder. '"Do you know this boat leaves
in three minutes and that if you don't get
aboard you won't get to Nome?"
Woman Passenger F.iints.
The excitement and close atmosphere
on the dock overcame Mrs. Rosenberg,
who goes to Nome to start a swell restau
rant, and a few minutes before the boat
pulied out she fell in a faint amidst a
party cf friends on the dock. They Ira
7»ecilately tried to revive hr?r, and though
she soon regained consciousness sne
seemed in n port of a stupor and unaware
of what was going on jirour.il her.
Cnptnin I. N*. llibfcnrd, general super
intendent for the A. K. Company; H. A.
Brigham, superintendent of its mining de
partment, and W. H. Dohrmann. its chief
accountant nt St. Michael, sailed on the
Zealandia.
went along, the former to Invest In mines,
the latter to represent his company.
Phil Howell, the bookmaker; Sara Dan
nenbaum and Mose Selig formed part of
the crowd that left on the ship. Howell
took along n big portable house with tent
auxiliaries and will start a general sport
ing resort there. Dannenbaum and Selig
will embark in the cigar business. The
party sat on a lifebcat as the ship pulleu
out and drnnk lo their friends from a
bottle of champagne, Pannenbaum wav
ing an American flag the while.
And the price?
Commla— Les prix sont de sept, halt et 13
francs respectivement.
set weet ay deece res-pect-tee
vuh-munjr.
The prices are 7, 8 and 10 francs ac
cordingly.
Monsieur— Y a-t-11 des "h part?"
ee-ah-ttel day-sah par.
Are there any extras?
Commls — Oui. monsieur, dans tout leaw
hotels le service est~-a part.
lay-zo-tel luh salr-veece ate ah
par.
Yea. In all hotels the service Is an
extra.
Monsieur— Et quel^est le pourboiro ordi
naire, s'il vous plait?
-. poor-bwahr or-dee nalr .
And what Is the ordinary tip, please?
Corhmis— On donne gen#ralement un pour
boire au demestique qul nettoie les
ehambres, au broaseurwet au gar
con.
ortK don jay-nay ral-mong unisr poor
bwahr oh do-mes-teek kee> net-twa
lay sham-br oh bros-suhr gar
song.
They usually tip the servant who
cleans the rooms, the boots, and the
waiter.
Monsieur— Comblen a chacun?
kom-bee-yan sha-kuhn.
How much rach?
Commls— Deux francs au dessus.
duh zo des-suuh.
From 2 francs up.
Commls— Les^heuree^et les prlx des t*»
pas varlfnt.
lay-zuhr zay var-ree.
The hours and the prices of the meals
differ.
Monsieur — A ciuelle houre dejeun--t
on-^ordlnafrement?
day-«JuhJi»ton or-dee nalr-mongr.
At what houY do they usually taka
breakfast?
CommJs — On eert le premier dejeuner^ en
tre sept^heurea et nf*ufwheurea.
Le prlx^-en— *st de 1 a. 2 franca.
ong salr luh prem-mee-ya ontr
sett ay nuv-uhr.
luh pree zong-nayduh un ah duh fraun.
The first breakfast is served between
7 and 9.
The cost Is 1 to 3 francs.
Monsieur— Et le second?
ay luh Egon.
And the second?
Commls — Le second dejemner qul 4quU
vaut-.au lunch americain «st servi da
llwheures^-a 2^-heures.
kpe ay kee-vo-toh salr-vee duh
aunzuhr zah duh-zuhr.
The second breakfast, which la equiv
alent to the American lunch, la
served from 11 to 2.
Monsieur — Comment-c© repaawest*— 11
norame.
kom-mong suh-ruh-pah ay-teel nom-
What is the name of this meal?
Commis— On Tappelle "dejeuner - a la four
chette." , . M
ong lap-pel day-zjuh-nay ah Ian roor-
We call It "dejeuner a- la fourchette"
(luncheon).
Monsieur— Que coute ce repas?
ktih koot suh ruh-pah.
What la the cost of this meal?
Commis— II coflte de cinq-^a. hult francs.
sank-ah weet.
It costs from 5 to 8 francs.
Monsieur— Je vous remercie. Dtae-t-on
tard?
deen-ton-tar.
I thank you. Do they have late din
ners?
Commls— II— y a "table d'hOte" & tous
lesw hotels de (^a 8^heures du soir.
eel-ee-ah tahbl-dote ah too-lay zo-tel
duh seece ah weet-tuhr duh swar.
There Is dinner at the public table3
from 6 to 8 in all the hotels.
Monsieur— Et le prix?
Note— These lessons have been prepared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Professor
Ber.no Kirschbaum of Philadelphia. They ara
intended primarily for American* who purpose
attending the Paris •Exposition. The Iesxons
will Include (1) common French words and
phrases. (2) easy conversation and (3) simple
reading lessons.
LESSON 14. QTJATOBZIEMB UE
CON. KAHTOE-ZEE-YAME.
Talk Between a Gentleman and a
Hotel Clerk.
Conversation entre un monsieur et un
commls d'hOtel; kong-valr sah-?ee
yong naun-trung mus-see-yoih ay
ung kom-mee do-tel.
Monsieur— BodJout, monsieur,
bong zjoor mus-see-yuh.
Good morning, sir.
Commls — yu'y a-t-il ft votre service?
kee yah teel ah vo-tr sair-vee-ce?
What can I do for you?
Monsieur— Je voudrals-avolr des rcn
selgncrnenta A. regard des^hotels tie
Paris.
voo-drayza-vwar ron-sayn
mon ah lay pjar-day zoh-tell .
1 would like to have Information con
cerning hotels In Paris.
Commls — Je me ferai un plaislr dj» vouj
donncr tout les renselgnementa en
mon pouvoir.
play-zeer too-lay on mong
poo- v war
It will pScrd me pleasure to glyfl all
the hif.ii rnatlnn 1 can.
Monsieur— Cltez-moi s'il vous platt les--'
hotels principaux de cette ville.
see-tay-mwa lay zo-tel pran-3ee
po duh sett-veel.
Tell me which are the principal hotels
fct-rt- please.
Commis — Eh bten. les^hotels les plus coa
teux et les plus frequentes sont:
Hotel Continental, Rue de Rlvoli (en
face du jardin des Tuilerles); l'H6tcl
du Louvre. Rue de Rlvoli (en face
du cote nord du Louvre), Le Grand--
HOtel. Boulevard des Capuclnes
(pres de 1'Opera).
ay byan lay zo-tel koo-tuh et les
ploo fray kauntay song; lo-tel kong
tee naun-tahl ruuh duh ree-vo-lee
ong fass duu zjar-dang day tweel
ree, lo-tel dim loo-vr . ong fass
duu co-tay nor ; luh graun-to-tel,
bool-var day kah-puu-ceen, pray duh
lo-pay-rah.
Well, the- best and most expensive
here are: Continental hotel, Rlvoli
street (facing the Tuileries gardens):
Louvre hotel. Rivoli street (opposite
northern side of the Louvre); the
Grand hotel, the Capucine boulevard
(near the Opera house).
Monsieur— Sont-ce la les mel'Ieurs^hOtels?
saun-ce lah lay may-yuhr zot-ell.
Are these the best hotels?
Commls— Oul, monsieur, ce sont des-hG
tels de premier ordre.
sun-son prem-mee-ya
Yes. sir; they are first-class hotels.
Monsieur— Quels sont les prix des chain
bres?
kell pree *haum-br.
What are the price of the rooms?
Commls— On demande pour^une chambre
de six-% trente francs.
org-duh-maunde sees ah traunt
They ask lor a room from 6 to CO
francs ($1 20 to $6).
Monsieur— Six francs, e'est le plus baa
prix?
luh ploo bah-pree.
Is 6 francs the lowest price?
Commis— A l'h&tel du Louvre on en-a
quatre francs — et au dessus.
ah-loh-tell dun loo-vr on an-nah katre
o-dus-suu.
At the Louvre they have them at 4
francs up.
Monsieur— Et quant-aux repas?
ay-kaun-to<? luh-pah.
And what about the mealB?
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
Docks Are Crowd
edWithFriends
and Relatives
to Bid Them
Godspeed.
Seven Hundred
Fortune Hunt
ers Off to Try
Their Luck at
Cape Nome.
GOLD SEEKERS SAIL
ON THE ZEALANDIA
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1900.
Bound for the Northern El Dorado.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
DAINTY CREATIONS IN
A large purchase enables u> to
offer exceptional value [n Lndies'
Shirt \Vaist5.
HERE'S THE LOT:
FX <lr>E. jtrsorted eo5or»> wort <lpf>lpn».. FiOo eat-h
TS <l'->x. aeBortfd color* at*l rteelens.. 7i*<* each
Ift doi. a»»orte.! o.i!oit and <l(«plrri*..!*1.<K» ea'^i
ft* dri. asforted o>ilt>r» and <1"«lFns..S1 .25 each
25 floe. RBPorlFd colon" «n<1 >1»v«ljrn««. .H -SO ench
1» dni, sF^.-vrtr.l ooloro and <1f«(pi>. -•! .TS txtoh
IS <5ost. sk. nt.-t color* and <tr«.I|:r^..l«a.4K> <•». h
Everr on* of th» al<ov* wi!j!« nre worth froir.
ICks t« TiCc more than th« marked rs'l"-
911 and 913 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"i snt a scfoool tootcSier,
hnvo suffered agony
monthly for ton years.
"hly nervous system
was a wreoka B suffered
with pain in my side and
had almost every ill
known* B had taken treat'
nzent from a nismbsr cf
pfsysioians who gave me
no relief a
* g Qs*Q spoclaSist sszld no
mosficfao could help me,
B must oubmSt to an
operation*
" B wroto to FJSrsm Pink*
bam, stating my case, and
received a prompt reply*
B took LysSiG Em Piiskl32zm'&
Vegetable Compound and
fcliov/ed the advice given
mo and now B suffer no
more, if any one cares
to know more about 1 my
case, B will oheorfully
answer all letters*" —
MISS EDNA ELLBS, Hlg*
ginsport, Ohio* . ' . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No More Dread
I of the Dental Chair,
TE>;TH nTTTRATTEn AXD FILLED A3-
, POIA"TELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our lats
. Bctotitlflc method »rp:!«l to the truou. Jso
I tle»p-pro«Juflni: arenis or «-t>ca!ne.
Th**e «r«> the oniy .1»ntal i^irlors tn San
i Frtaclsco having PATENTKD APPLIANCES
and inijredleiitR to extract, fill «n.l apply ~.;M
j crowna anj pcrc^latn i-rowna unJ»t^ctable frDm
• WITHOUT T!IK LrA.«T JAIN. Full «« a "f
| teeth Ji, ¦ jxtrfect fl! ir»ar>inte<^l or no pay
i Odd crow.-*. $5. Gold nil Ins*. II. Silver fill.
I !nr». f<»c. A!l worV done by (JRAT'CATn OKW-
j TIf I TR of fro»>! 1* tn *fl r>.ir«' •ipfrl»n<-». nni
j each department Ir. c^srsi» cf a *p«»cJallst. Oivt
: ti* a calf, and you will find us to do exactly
; «• we »(J»erti»«». \Te ¦will t»!l you In adrane*
•xactlT arhat vnur ur>r» w!!l coot by a FREK
I rXAVTV#TT'*V
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Harket Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
nTB*. * tc »; bUXDAYS. 1» m «.
I MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
| ¦—
DR. PIERCE'S
#1^^%, FS EGTRIC
T1JIF TIKLT IS \VAH.
/;<«» ranted to he the latent !m-
rrovKi. mc»t r^^'rfal an!
' la sTl re*T*~<~t'' fhe bert now manufacture-.! la
; jinx part of H*i wot1>L l:r eq^ial does net 'xist.
i Tri* <^*Iv«nfnreteT ttyrrrrr !ti fleotric current t<>
I \*+ tf-rable that of any nth~r. Ennllr regulate-l.
j Pnrsbly Insulated. latest Improved attach.
: mert*. Pi'ecial crrvlucton a»id e!ertrT»1»R.
j Double wire rurr*Tscry fcr m«n. It wll! cure
btit d1*»"*»» <~n e-arth thjit It 1b r^^gihle to cur*
¦ with ele«-(r1c*tr. and It cvr~* rh«n nthers fa!L
' But S« belt tlXI yon e»« "Dr. Pierce* «.**
•'Borki^t So. i." tree at office or eem rrjr man
t fcr e i-oent Ptanrp. tells all about 1L A<lilr««
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C2O Vl nr kct St^^st.
(Opp. Palace HoteT). PAN FTtAXCISCO
Kastem Orflre— >T»-w York Clt>'.
]
n.| Ai . A The cdtctciI p-rssage-
i alaCc ay <w.nwlng thes?
v Imto Immense Ktrnc-
: — —— —— — tn-t'« place* undfr
one mannBernetit :4">0
i OT5 H room*. «**) of wl-i'ch
ClJLitl have b*.th» attached.
I _^_^_ mm ____ TourlBt« and travel*
I "™ ~~ ~~ ~"~ ~~^~ *ns frt;Tn every Bcction
I f^ j of the worM rfco-jnlze
LrPrxTlfi an<1 appr«»cfp>te the
' enr *¦* nfTered by thea?
hotels. i
LJ/>-f^jo Ametimn plan. Eu-
ilULuij ropean plan.
I DS.flALL'5 EEINYIGORATORB^^
Kl»« (:unar»4 r«»«nj for any SJ^S^TeS 1 !
1 cue w« caanot curt, llitm secrrt 2 **^K
runtdy Ho; » ali .0»«r» In 2t 1 S
fcourk. ture» RialsMofu, Im{». fef3 F'*
I tenr). \arloocrle. Uonorrtiuva. 'wf WpA
CSlwrt. Kiti. Strl«-ture«. Lti*t j'l^ llJli
M-i.f.'"-i and ali wnili.i; i(I«'.s V^-- '?**&
cf *»ir-*bu«« or MfMi.«. Xer.t tit*'*-r*L:lj£
| fralfi. 12 tK>tii«; I bottle*, ji; ruarxntecd to
cur* any cai». Addre»* HALLb MlCUlCAl* IN-
hTlTUTK. m Hroadwav. Ukklsrid. Cal. A!«>
tor m!« at JOTSVj Market »t.. K. K. AH prlv*la
iJifMi'M tiutt-kly curt-d. Stud for free buolc.
w'JiftvftSe^^W^JM tea-jdj for Uonorrhic*.
/if?if »o 1 tot«»T» -is- VVditea ounatarul ]",'*.
ri*r'*T Gca»an!«d Q rlmrgca. or a.nr inflr— rno
K*>u>S cot to iitrtetuo. tion, , irrltatlcn or u..t-r%-
t^—™, PrjTciiis eactagio*. tloo <*t (a n c o n c [:.»tn
ffiffiLmtvr.2 CKECif «1 Rfl. l)r «'»- Noo-ajtrlneeni
V?-(t f A. it. - . a J x i£ cr wui •!• p'»i«j >Trjn«r,
\jt Qjrouia,! vnjt vHtSoetk
AMUSEMENTS.
OVLY RFVI^V TI"Efi MO7F!
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Sucoaa,
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE!
Eveninrs at 8. Final Matinee Saturday!
NEXT WEEK — The Romantic Comic Opera.
THE THREE GUARDSMEN.
(Founded on Dumas' Novel, Music by Varney.)
POPUL.AB rniCES...; 55 »nd 60 cents
T«lerhon« Bueb 6. - .
AMUSEMENTS.
W^^fisUI B B BalBr^U TK1EATT3
«AG!nncssn.T received.
os:.t 5rvr:s* more perf^ormances.
FIVE NIGHTS AND
SSATIXEES WEDNESDAY ASP SATURDAY. I
Cliarles Fr:-!iman Present?
.... JOHN DREW ....
la H&dSca Chambers' Cosr-^y cf Tcrar^^a^n^t. i
THc TYRANNY OF TtARS j
NlzXT i SEAT SALE BEG1AS
B t=rr \ TtlVFSDAr. Q A. M.
N. C. GOODWIN
flAXINE ELLIOTT
rrs^r.i'.r.g the S^awjn's Success.
WHEN We WERE ; WEKTV-ONE j
-THE OlAZOICST IS FURE TO TX> A GOOD '
TVTrK.-rhtvTil.~le. _^
THE CALIFORNIA 'WILL, rNPOVDTEDLY
TV. PACKED ALL TirE WEEK.— CelL
THE PERFORMANCE THE MOST ART-
ISTIC THE NEILL COMPANY HAS GIVEN
THIS EEAllOX.-7-Enmlner.
ETCH LS THE OPINION OF THE PKESS ON
MR. JAMES NElLLi
Ar.3 Oompenr'a Prr^uctl^n of Pinero"?
DnHtoc Ccsuniy,
"THE AMAZONS"
Xr*t TTf^k— FAP.Trvrd.l- OF TliK XEXXX
COM PA NT. lW*rtolre to he ar.nounoed.
. L . i . . ., , . j
PlICTTE MATX S2.
I^A?TT FT'T-R X7THTS
Of ti* sr«tert «T a2 radical cca»€l»?R,
The Lady Slavey |
. i
Cn«cm*ae4ajr Batrirfiay rmxlnr*-. finiiVKn {
I»?^V!n»-ti'Ta <rf nice** taTaca* exrrovB^anrs. ¦
rSTAT. IKJin^AH TnZCTS.
Goofl B«s«>n*«a Sf-«t la Orrtwstra. Satarflaj .
MetlGM. Sot
Bra.Brt\ TlcliiPt Office Emj^Trhrm.
I
BEST VAVDITVILLE EllOVT IX AMERICA, j
MAC NAN I FAMILY,
**Tbe liurlcal Barbers."
C^?C d of EZRA KfcNDALL,
Tbe Tju'k of the Town. ErerjtWne N*w.
MLLE. I ARTKO.
THE W'.Lf ON FAMILY j
An4 Ttveot* Others.
©-BIC3- ACTS-9
P.*-s«>rvtri r>ats. Kc; Kaicooy, Me; Opera
Chairs fcnd liox a**t«. «0c.
Matln«t Wecinecday. Saturday and Sunday.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATtXEE ?>TrRDAY AKD SUNDAY.
Henry Guy Carif^'-.n't Charm In j Comeily.
I 7 I*T*T LV I
JL -Cl I* I
1'u N'iphts et l'a'.mer Theater, Xew Yorfc,
Next Werft— THE BCPERnJCOCB HUSBAND.
Cofr.inir— KLOItKNCE ItonEnTS «¦ SAPHO.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
121 12* O'FAP.RELL BTREET,
I.AMIJAKDI OltANU CPEHA QUAKTET an4 !
SJ<J. ABBAlfBOFF in acts from FAVORITA
*nd FAl>T.
10c— AdmS'fririn— 10c. Mat'n<>e Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS
OPEIN NIGHTS.
Or*n Iially from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
'¦¦¦ i r.-.i >¦ from 7 a. m. to 10 t> m
ADMISSION. Kir. CIIII.DRI*V. 6c.
liathing. inciu<3ing; Admission. 25c; Children, 20c.
1 CONCERT HALL— THE C F.KAPP COMPANY
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY NIGHT! EVERY NIGHT!
C&kew&lk contest every Wednesday nlcbt.
JOJX.1ESIOX FREE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. May 21— a p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
U S bonds— Eqult G L Co. 2'i 2;i
4s quar coup.. 116 117 Mutual El Co. — 11
4s do res 116 117 O G L & H.... 45^ 4SH
4s do cp new.-lS^lSoVi Pao'Gas Imp.. 45U 48Vi
3s do coupon.. 109V4110V4 Pac L Co 43 —
Miscellaneous— S K O & E 46T4 47«
Cal-st Cab 5s. .119 — San Francisco. 414 4%
C C Water 6s. 108 10S*i Stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s..l2S4 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. .IIS — Firem's Fund.227H —
Geary-st R 5s. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H G & S 5'&s.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 66<i
Do 5s 105 106 Bank of Cal.. .403 —
L A Ry 5s 104H104H Cal S D & T..104 —
LALC06S...— — First National. — 190
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A. ...132% —
Do gntd 5s.. 99%101 Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 5s.lO2Mi — Xev Nat Bank — —
M.irket-st 6s...l2S*l — Savings Banks —
Do 1st M 5s. .117% — Ger S & L...1S90 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 6s.ll5 — Mut Sav Bk.. 45*i —
N R of Cal 5s.ll(=V4 — ** V Sav U....505 —
N P C R R 6s.iaiVfelO2U Sav L & So 74 7S
N V C R R 5s.lO7Vi — Sec Sav Bk... — —
N Ca! H K 6s. Hi — Union T Co — —
Oak G L&HSs.lli — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s...ll7U — California ....121VS123
Oak W Co F.s.. — — Geary-st .;.... 50 —
Oceanic S Co.. 106% — Market^st Ry. 62Vi «3
Om C Pvy 6s... m^ — O S L & il.... — ao
P &. Cl Ry ts-104Vi — Presidio 16 —
P & O R R 6».115 — Powder Stocks—
l'owell-st R «s.l20 — California ....1ft} Kft
Sac L & G.Ras - — Giant Con Co. 8S S9
S F & SJV-Bs.ll8?i— VlKorlt ........ 2H 2"i
M Kv of Cal tts.lllVi — Snjar Stocks —
S P of A 6s....lll"VS. — Hana S P Co.. 7?j S
Do (1905) .— HO Haw C & S Co — — |
J)o (liiOS) lliy.ll.1 Honokaa S Co. S2T S — j
Do (1912) — 12% Hutch S P Co 26 2SVi I
D<> 1st csc-Ss.. — — Kllauea S Co. — 21U 1
S P Br 6s 12S?i — Makawfcll S Co.47% 4«'
S V Water 6s. .114?* 115 Onomea S Co.. 27"£ 2S ,
S V Water 4s.. 103% — Paauhau S Co. 30v* 31'4 I
S V W 3d m..V2!4 — Miscellaneous—
Stocktn Gas 6s w — Al Pack Assn.H6^J -»
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. 99 93't
Contra Costa.. 71^4 72V» Mer Ex Assn.. -». ion"
Marin County, bb — Oceanic S Co.. 93 93«4
Spring Valley. — 95H Pac A F" A 2 — '
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.149 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L&P.... 3%-
Morning Session.
Boa re! —
.:1 California Fruit Canners' ;.. ,l<y>oo
10 Contra Costa 'Water 72 00
200 Hana Plantation Co 7571/
200 Honokaa .' 32 75'
M Honokaa — ."....... 32 62U
15 Makaweli 47 75^
2i) Oceanic S S Co 93 50
75 Onomea Sugar Co 28 00
100 Onomea Sugar Co ¦ 27 S7U
25 Paajjhau S P Co i 30 75 s
25 Pacific Gas Improvement Co ..45 50
50 San Francisco Gasllsrht Co 4 gori
100.S F Gas & Electric Co... 47 on'*
2>W Vigor-it Powder Co 2 75
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 00
« Street—
10 Contra, Costa .Water 72 00
• ¦ ' j. .*... . .
In the afternoon California Fruit Canners
sold down to $99 23. This stock, which ad
vanced a fortnight aso, is now declining.
There was no pronounced change in oil
stocks.
Local securities were more active on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, but
quotations showed no changes worthy of note.
NEW YORK, May 21.— The visible supply of
crain Saturday, May 19, as complied by the
New York Exchange. Is as follows: Wheat. 46.
263.000 bushels, decrease 1,368,000 bushels; corn,
16,277,000 bushels, decrease 928.000 bushels; oats
6,386.000 bushels, decrease 933,000 bushels; rye,
1.1SS.000 busheJe, Increase S3.000 bushels; barley'
£25,000 bushels, decrease 124,000 bushels. "
. ¦'- . -—1 1 ¦ , 1 -<-, : -
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, May 21.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at ' auction to-day
as fellows: Cherries (boxes)— Bigarreau, 60c to
$2 05. average 84c; Chapman. $120 to Jl 30
average $1 29; Royal Anne, ?2 40 to U 05, aver
age $2 43; Tartarians, S5c to $1 85, average
1127. Peaches-Alexander, ?3 73.
California Fruit Sales.
NKW TOHK. May 21.— Aside from better
cables than had been looked for, showing tin
to be £1 17s 6d In London, no new features
presented themselves in the market for metal?.
Tin. in sympathy with the advajice abroad.
Jumped some 75 to 90 points, and closed firmer
but quiet at *29 75 bid and $29 87V4 asked. P| K
Iron warrants continue weak and unsettled (no
official quotation given) and Northern No. 1
foundry nominal. ¦ Lake copper was quiet and
unchanged at 116 S714. Lead also ruled quiet
at J3 97V@4 02H- Spelter, while quiet, was a
Rhade firmer on a good export inquiry and
closed quiet on the basis of $4 47%@4 5214. The
brokers 1 price for lead is $3 80 and for copper
|16 75. ;¦•- ;
Nczu York Metal Market.
SHKEP— Receipts, 17,000. She»D, steady;
lambs, strong to 10c higher. Good to choice
wethers, *o S0<i?3 40: fair to choice mixed. 14 RO
(f|5 15: Western sheep.- J3 15@5 40: yearllnKS.
t5 C5(W5 SO; natives. J4 r.C@7 30; Western lambs,
#i@7 30; sprinc lambs, J4 COigS.
CHICAGO, May 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 14.
000. Steers generally Eteady to shade lower;
butchers' stock active, but steady; others eas
ier. Natives — Best on sale to-day one carload
Angus at to CO; good to prime ftcers, S5@5 70;
poor to medium, '$* 2;<3-4 80; selected feeders,
about steady, ?4 25(55 10; mixed stockers, slow,
S3 «:>@J 25; cows, steady, J3 20@4 60; heifers,
about steady, $3 2r>fj5 15; canners, shade easier,
53 40{j t 25; bulls, firm. J2@4 50; calves, steady.
$4 SO® 6 50. Texans — Receipts. 1100. Best on sale
four carloads at {4 85: Texas fed steers, desir
able grades steady, others slow, J4@5 15; Texas
bulls, firm, J3 15S3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 45.000; to-morrow, es
timated. 22,000: left over. 7000. Generally 10c
lower. Top, $5 25: mixed and butchers, to&a 25;
Xood to choice heavy, $5 10f/5 25; rough heavy,
y,Tio 10; light, 54 30@5 22V, bulk of sales, $5 15
©5 20.
Chicago Livestock Market.
On the I'roduce ExchanE? to-day tho Butter
marWet held steady; creamery. 14'i.4il3Vic; dalrj-
IVSie^ic. Cheese, dull, S\2 / tf9 s ;c.~'K0Bs, easy*
fresh, 10»ic
br.nres Cloplne
Sold. Ftnck- Bid.
4.4:0 Atchison 25»_
25.2J4 AHhixon prefd 711,
two Baitimor* At Ohio \. j«
2fiO Canadian Pacific 941^
VfO Ceriada Southern Bm
1.2S8 Chfwjpeake & <">hto ".. 27^4
270 ChKairo Great Western 12*2
12.e;<0 CIiI'jibi. l!ur & Quincy. ex «Jlv... . lz^ii
...J..r ChU-ag-o, Ir.d & Ir-julsville 22's
Chicago, ln.l A Ix>uti<ville prefd 51
Chicago & i:a*tern Illinois 100
C20 Chicagc &¦ Northwestern i«2U
E.T45 Chicago, limit Inland &. J'aciflc 1<:6S
429 CCCABtlmll 5«£
1.025 Colorado Southern sC
Colorado Southern let prefd ..[ 40
Colorado Southern 2<J prefd lbU
115 Delaware & Hudson 114
• Delaware. Lackawanna & Western!! 177
CO Denver A- Rio Grande jj»:
. 100 Denver & Klo Grande prefd m\.
». Erie jj"
100 Krie 1st prefd../ agti
128 Great Northern prefd ".\~>2'Z
». Hocking <"oal " 141^
200 Hocking Valley .: "' 8 ;i?
100 Illinois Central ..' ili;^
100 Iowa Central jg«T
....... Iowa Central prefd 4g«i
„ Kitnras City, iittubursr & Gulf... " 171,
TOO Lake Erie & Western ; zgn
170 I^ake Erie & Western prefd $j
Lake Shore 212
2.250 Louls\-i!le & Nashville SO
3.730 Manhattan Eleiated 90U
4,2f»0 Metropolitan Ftr**t ICallway 156
100 Mexican Central jjtl
125 Minneapolis & St Louis 102'
100 Minneapolis & gt Louis prefd W-A
I.9S3 Missouri Pacific E«i'
100 Mobile & Ohio 40
» Missouri. Kansas & Texas IOV4
ZOO MifS'juri. Kansas & Texa.8 prefd.... ".','5
100 New Jersey Central 118
2.4CS New York Ontral. IHIT4
4,810 Norfolk & Western SJ>i
Norfolk & Western prefd 7»
J0.S3S Northern Pacific BS'i
719 Northern Pacific prefd........ 74H
(U5 Ontario & Western 21*,
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
N'KW TORS, May 21. -Th* stock market was
soft from the outset to-day and yielded read
ily to the assault of the bears. There was
practically no buying demand of any Import
ance perceptible and prlr«** lost ground pretty
mea/iily all day, pven on a light volume of
tradlnjf. Late in the afternoon Third Avenue
made a •Jdiie:i advance of « point? and caused
come uneaFineFs among the r«)m shorts, who
bought irj-.wJerately to cover. But the rally was
ineipninVarit outside of Metropolitan. Brooklyn
Tranrit, Sugar and Tobacco. The sudden up
ward mo\ement in Third Avenue was unex
plained, except by last week's move to secure
the receiver aj»d the progress being mad* In
the lx*t termer.t of the system. The long out
rtanding Fhort interest in tne was aimed
at by the advan«v>. The heaviness of th? mar
ket durinc the day reflected tr-» keen disap
pointment ovrr the failure of last week's en
couraging developments to attract any out
eide demand. It was poon evident that Lon
&<yn especially had been looked to hopefully
to take up American rtocks and the early
Tnorning new* from that quarter showing <1*?
cl'aes for the International stocks was a dis
appointment. The 6ales for London account
were not in large volume, but their effect was
decisive and p«on ovcrrjme the strength In
the few *j.ecia.ltip* which attempted to make
riead^vny agaln'.t the tide. It was clear that
speculator* who bought stock late ls«t week
counted upon London taking th°m off their
hands after that market had subsided from
Itf hj-Ftejical outburst over the relief of Ma
:• r. .! >-'. But I^ondon shared with the Con
tinental bourse* a moo^i nf depression. In
ternational hou«e« in Wall Ftrept attributed
this to disappointment over th<» denial of the
report that President Kruger had made hum
b!e advances for peace mid Berlin advices re- I
ported fears of an outbreak between Ku5»Ia ¦
and Japan. In New York the pr»n«r«rp and
the Pariftr-ji were the Tim to fhoir acute, eicn!"
at weakness, but ultimately practically all of
the active rallm^d Ftock« fell from 1 to 2
points below Saturday's close. Sucar roue at
the opening on the announcement of advances
In the price of refined, but it was Bold In
eucn volume and with euch confidence that It
fell into weakness with the rest of the mar
ket. The weakness In the wheat and cotton
markets was not without effect In Wall street.
Bonds were much better e-jstalned relatively
than ctocke. though there were weak spots In
tiie list. The accumulation of Idle funds seek
ing investment Ik making some slight lxnpres
eion on the bond market. Total sales, par
value, S2.0GO.OOO.
United States refunding is. when lreued, de
clined '.£ and the new 4s, old 4s and ,»e V la
the bid price. .
NEW YORJC STOCK LIST.
Nczv York Stock Market.
Ellen F. Balch (Friend) to Annie Fomeroy,
lot on S line of Enclnal avenue. 400 W of "Wal
nut street. W 50 by S 140. being lot 18, la H
half of block H. lands adjacent to Enclnal.
Alameda (quitclaim deed).
Alfred Olsen to R. J. Callaghan and C. TT.
Palmer, lots 2 and 38. block D. Falrview Tract,
Oakland Township: $10. •
Henry T. and Mary S. Cripps to George J.
Strong, lot on E line of Raymond street, ino N
of- Prince. N 50 by E 12.1. being lot 20. block B,
Woolsey Tract. Berkeley: J10.
Margaret E. Short and Margaret E. Fisher
to J. H. W. Riley. lot N* line of Old County
Road, known as No. 703, 65.6S W of Peralta
avenue. \V 35.36. N 130.4*. E 35. S 125.36 to be
ginning, being lot 7 and W 10 feet of lot 8,
Electric Road Tract. Murray Township: $10.
Sarah M. and J. K. McLean to Macsie
Fisch-'l. lot on S line of Durant avenue. 165
W of Fulton street. W 50 by S ISO. beintr lot
41 and E 1* feet of tot 39, block 14, College
Homestead Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Antonio and Francisco Reis to Myron L.
Wurt*. lot on W lino of Seventh street, 459.93
5 of Channing way. S 4'> by W 120. bein? lot 1
and N 15 feet of lot 2, block 134, Haft Tract.
Berkeley; J 10. . .
Builders' Contracts.
L. A. Bouteillor (owner) with A. Hurthere
(contractor), architect, Jules Godart. — All alter
ations and additions for a two-stor;- frame
building on W line of Twenty-second avenue,
175 N of Clement street. N EO by W 240. O. L.
160; $1627 60.
Grace- M. Anderson (owner) with Weismann
6 Whittle (contractors), architects. Havens &
Toepke. — AH alterations and additions to a two
story and basement frame building on W line
of Ashbury street, 153:9 S of Waller, S 57:6 by
W 186:3: $1160.
• Hale Brothers (owners) with Duffy Brothers
(contractors). architects. Reid Brothers.
Plumbing and gas fitting for a five-story brick
and stone building on SW corner of Market
between Fifth and Sixth, beyinnlne 78 feet from
Sixth; <3575.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official "au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes' later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places. /
TUESDAY. MAT 22.
Sun rises 4:34
Sun sets 7:13
Moon rises 0:43 a. m.
' O Time Time Time Time I
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
?• H W L W H W L W
22 ... 5:37 4.4 11:37 ill 6:30 5.6
L W H W x L W H W
23 ... 0:50 1.3 7:00 4.3 12:33 1.5 7:14 5.8
24 ... 1:43 0.7 S:1Z' '4.4 1:B 2.0 7:59 6.1
25 ... 2:41 0.0 9:23 4.4 2:15 2.3 8:42 6.2
26 ... 3:33—0.5 10:26 4.5 3:04 2.6 9:26 6.3
27 ... 4:23-0.9 11:23 4.7 3:52 2.9 10:03 6.3
28 ... B:12— 1.1 12:1S 4.7 4:40 3.1 10:52 «.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Klvea the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or rtcht hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three. tides as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are in addltton to the soundings on the
United. States Coast Survey charts, except
FA LMOITTH— Arrived May 20- Br hark L^ml* 1
Pasteur, from Oregon: Fr bark Marsuertt* Mo-.
linos, hence Feb 2. May 21— Br ship Scott»*i»
Tsles, from Oregon; Ger ship Wandsbek. froni
Oresron.
COMOX— Arrived May 21-SbIp Jabcs Howes,
from Hoaolulu. . . —
Arrived April 13— Br bark East Ifcdlan. henco
Dec 23. M.iy.21— Br ship Seafarer, hence Janu
ary 21.
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Sailed Aorli 4— TJark
Htaper. for Honolulu. April 21— Schr Ir.ca, fr.r
Honolulu.
Liiaded April 21 — Ship Louisiiina. for Hono
lulu.
KAHULUI-Salled May 3-ShiD Emily F
Whitney, for San Francisco. May 4 — Schr M«
tha Nelson, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 2— Schr Olga. from Newcastle.
Aus.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 1>— Br sN? Or
terspoal. hence Jan 20. May 21— Br ship Water
loo, from Taeoma.
HANA— Satled May «— Schr H C Wrlsht. fcr
San Francisco.
HILO— Sailed May S— Bktn Irmsard. for Ban
Francisco.
Arrived May 3— Schr Henry Wilson, frorn
Grays Harbor.
FORE7IGX PORTS
HONOLULU— Sailed May »-Bktn KI!k!tat.
f °S^TA T RolA n LiA-In port May 17_Br At,
Kalklandbank. Br .hip Alex Blake. Br Bhip Ta
rana. Br shin Inverna. Er ship Chelmsford.
Haw ship Hawaiian Isle?. Br ship Marion Fra
ser and Br shir Beeofcr-ank are taking In bal
last The former sails for Tocopllla about May
22 and the latter for San Frarxisco about May
", The schr Volunteer Is about haif dia
cliarffed an;l will sail abcut May 23 for San
M C,i; VTM^S^-in port M^ay 1?-Ger bark Mar
tha B-ickhahn. from Hamburg and other port?.
P\N\MA— Arrived May 1— Stmr City of Syd
ney* hence March 13. May 7— Haw stmr Bar
racouta. from Champertco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to May 13— Jn?
gtmr Rlojun Mam. from Seattle.
Sailed May 17— Br ship Haddon Hall, for Ta-
C °BEACHT HEAD— Passed May 13— Dr ship
hence Jan 12. for Hull.
MONTEVIDEO- Called May 10— Ship Edwarl
Sewall. for San Francisco.
ifANAI MO— Arrived May lS-Haw strar Az
tec, hence May 14, and sailed May » for Port
Los Anzeles.
Arrived May 21— Ship raramlta. from ??ri
Townsenil.
SAN* DIEGO— Arrived May It— Mex stmr Ijr
naclo Marlscal. from ManzaaUio for Si3
Francisco.
PAN PEDRO— Sailed May 21— Schr Emma
Utter, tor Coos Bay.
Arrived May 21— Stmr Tlllamoo*. fctsta Fcrt
Ea'led May M-Schr Bella, for Slus!aw
BAN DON— Sailed May a-Schr Gesn. for Saa
I'ORT^jOS AXOELES- Sailed May a— Stair
Alcazar, tor San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR-Balled May 20-Schr OccN
dental, for San Francisco; schr Laura May, for
San Francisco; schr Laura Madsen. far Sad
Pedro.
Arrived May 20 — Scfar Chas R 'vTllaoa. txux
Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Sailed May a— Jap «tmr Tosa
Maru. for Yokohama. May 21— Stmr Aberdeen,
for Nome: stmr RcsalK for Dy««a; sttnr City of
Topeka. fcr Skaguay: stmr Santa Crus. for Sia
Francisco.
Arrived May 21— Stmr City of Seattle, fr-rru
Dyea; itmr Cottage City, from Skaguay.
Sailed May 21— Stmr Lakme, for Nome.
EUREKA— Sailed May 21— Stmr Pasadena, fos
San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND- Sailed May tl— Stmr Signal,
for Cape Nome.
Arrived May 21— Schr Abble. henc» May «.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWEN'S LANDING— Sailed May S— Stmr
Navarro, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out Hay 20. at
5:15 p m— Stmr Oregon, for Cape Nome; Br
ship Achashle, for Queenstowa; Jap stair
Toza Maru. for Yokohama.
Arrived May 21— Schr Compeer, from Hooo»
lulu.
POINT LOBOS. May 21. 10 p D—Weaties
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Kureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. MendoctnOt
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Cape Norn*.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen, Caspar.
Schr J EpDlnger. Skipper. .
Schr Magfde C Russ. Kallenbexr. TJacm.
Schr Sparrow. Dart. Eureka.
SAILED.
Monday. May ZL
Stmr Sunol, Green. Unalaska, with bers?5
York and Nome In tow.
Stmr Geo Loornis. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage. Victoria, etc.
Hark Ctoryphene. Erickson. Bristol Eay;
Alaska Packers 'Association.
Bark S .C Allen. Johnson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
Schr Bonanza, Smith, whaling; H LJebes &
Co.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 21.
Stmr Colon. Macklnnon, 21 days 7 hours front
Panama, etc.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson. 80 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmir Pomona. Parsons. 17 hours from Eu
reka.
Br stmr Victoria. Blakey, 67 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 23 days.
Brig Lurline. Turloff, 22 days from Kahulut.
Schr Neptune, Johnson, 7 days from .Grays
Harbor.
Schr Volant, Erlksen. 1 days from Grajs Har
bor.
Schr Impossible, Low, 6 hours from F;lnt
Reyes.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 10 hours froa Fcrt
Ross.
CLEARED.
Monday. May 2T.
Stmr Wall! Walla, Gace, Victoria and Port
Townsenrt: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Dleso; Goodall.
Perkins A Co.
Stmr Zealandla. Dowdell. Cape Nome; Alaska
Kxrloratlon Co.
Stjnr State of California, Gage. Astoria:
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br strar Wellington. Salmond. Jfanalmo; P.
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Shipping Intelligence. <
j
CHICAGO. May 21.— The trade in wheat was
quiet to-day. The market opened firm. Cables
were higher and the seed-sprouting raln_still
remained a stranger to the Northwest. Traders
were disposed to stay on the safe side until
it developed whether there was, to be a pro
longed drought In the Northwest. July opsned
»ic higher at 67?i«567Hc, touched 67^c and for
hours clung around that mark. During the
afternoon some messages from the Dakotas
and adjoining territory came in and an
nounced that "it looked like rain." Vague
88 this was It was sufficient, combined with
the corn weakness, to cause selling. As there
wrs little demand July slumped sharply to
66» 2 c. The close was easy, July ?sS%c down at
W 5 «c. \
Corn was active early in the session while
It was declining, but at the bottom It be
came quiet and stayed no to the end. Cables
from Liverpool were weak, the weather favor
able and country offerings large. July closed
weak, l'.jc lower, at SS'iC.
Oats were moderately active but weaker In
sympathy with corn and because of favorable
weather. July closed %&Ac lower at 21T 8 c.
Provisions were quiet and rather weak be
cause hog receipts were heavy. There was a
fair demand for lard. The close was easy all
around. July pork closed 2~>c under Saturday,
lard 7 1 ,j<5l0c down and ribs 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady. No. 3 spring Wheat. .62SI'5Gc; No. 2 red,
72(§73e. No. 2 Corn, 36 T 4c; No. 2 yellow, 37>*>c
No. 2 Oats. 23'9 1 23'ic; So. 2 white. 25%©2$%c;
No. 3 white, 2^(Q2r,i(.c. No. 2 Rye. 5ftc. Good
feeding Barley. 37c: fair to choice malting, ZO0
41'ic. No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 KO; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 SO. Prime Timothy Seed, ?2 42;^!g2 45.
Mpjs Pork, i>er barrel, $10 45(011 ."0. Lard, per
110 pound*. $6S0fjS!*5. Short Rib sides, loore.
$r. A:,fi fii 75. Dry salted Shoulders, boxed. 6V4@
C3ic. Short Clear sides, boxed, ?7ig7 10. Whisky
i basis of hish wines). |1 25.
Chicago Grain Market.
Arrival of 514 boxes Mexican Limes.
Receipts of Apricots and Peaches are steadily
Increasing,' but those of Cherries continue light
In comjsrlson. with/ other years. ' Receipts of
Oranges are declining. Four cars were auc
tioned as follows: Fancy Navels, $1 75@2 50;
choice Navels, $1 S0@2 25; standard, $1@1 60;
Seedlings, E5c<S$2 05 per box.
""Black Figs came in again. Those from Palm
Springs brought Jl SO-gS, and those from Yuma
5Sg2 50 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All descriptions under^ this head are dulJ.
Butter Is easy and some dealers are disposed
to shade prices to effect sales. Otherwise there
is nothing new.
butter— ¦''•;'-
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17%® 18c; seconds.
Dairy— Fancy, 16@16%c; good to choice. 14©
IS'/ic: common. 13!-4c.
CHEESE— New, 7%@8%c; Toung America, 9@
9Hc: Eastern, 16@17c: Western. 15016c per lb.
EGGS- Quoted at 13@14c for store and 14@lSr
per dozen for ranch. ij*s i--pj
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Three cars of Eastern came In and sales were
made at 12c for Turkeys, $3 for Ducks and
Hens. $1 '/> for Geese, $1 SO for old Roosters and
$3 £0 for Fryers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 5001 75; Gp-'.lncs. $1 cOtil 75; Ducks, $? ayn-h
for old and $5 CO0G for young: Hens, $4®4 50;
Young Roosters, $.i<5S; Old Roosters. $4 25@
4 BO; Fryers. $3 50514 50; Broilers. $3J?3 E0 for
large and $1 7S@2 5Q for small; Pigeon?. $1 75'af2
per dozen for old and $1 75jJ2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes and Australian Onions are weak.
ami arrivals of the former are In excess of the
demand. _„,
POTATOES— Burbanks, 3ofi60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks 50<&70e; New Potatoes, £0c@$l
in sacks and 35c<3U in boxes.
ONIONS — Now Red. 75c<g$l per ctl: Austral-
Ian. $3®4 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 30@40c per
dozen; Rhubarb, 40c@$l per box; Aspara
gus, "5c@$l per box for No. 2 and $1 25
«2<1 50 for No. 1 -and $1 7S for fancy large;
Green Peas. 73c@$l per sack for common and
$125 for Garden; String Beans', Refu
gees 5c; Wax Beans, 3@4c; Cabbage,
50c; Tomatoea, $1 25!g2; Esg Plant from .los
Angeles. C@12^c; Dried Okra, 32^c per lb:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles, 8® 10c; Dried
Peppers StjlOe; Carrots, 2j(g35c per sack; Sum
mer Squash. 5n«-S5c per box; Cucumbers, 4<)#75c
per dozen for hothouse and $1 75^2 per box for
Marysville; new Garlic, 4@5c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
' Green Corn Is now coming In right along, and
receipts of Marysville Cucumbers are also in
creasing. Other Vegetables are quiet. .
There is nothing to report, the market being
dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $3®3 20; small White. $3 2S@
3 45; large White, ?3 10®3 20; Pink. $2 50.JT2 90;
Red $3 25*63 50; Blackeye, $3 50@4; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 25@5 30; Pea, \l 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys, $4@4 50. -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4c; Flax, $1 00@2 20; Canary, 3^c
pc- lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
talfa, nominal; Rape, 2h&3c; Hemp, 4@4}4c;
Timothy 4&4V.C. •
DRIED PEA"S— Niles, $1 ?0<g2 25; Green. $1 90
Q2 25 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Opened rather higher 'on call, but
fell back. The spot market was unchanged.
Paris was firm and Liverpool dull and easy.
Chicago was firmer at the opening, but de
clined. The Northwest was reported dry, and
there were increasing complaints of Hessian fly
In Illinois arid Kansas. Corn -was depressed,
owing to" fine weather, and this, with predicted
showers In the Red River Valley, weakened
Wheat. The American visible supply decreased
1,358,000 bushel5.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, SOgOl^c; milling, 93?;@
96 ' iC ' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Seesion— 9:13 o'clock—December—14,
000 ctls. 93%c.
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, 99%c;
1G.O00. 99%c.
Regular Morning Session — December — 20,000
ctls. 93',-ic. ' ,
Afternoon Session — December — 22.000 ctls,
BARLEY— The market continues lifeless at
the old nuotations.
Feed. Ti^c 5 lor No 1 nnd 67U<S70c for off
grades ; Brewing and Shipping- grades, 75@«2 1 .ic;
Chevalitr. nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9 :V> o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 14,000 ctls, 70Uc;
16.000, 7C»ic:
Rpgular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 70c.
OATS— Offerings are not large, but meet with
little attention, quotations ?how no change.
White $1 10?n 30; Red, $1@1 20; Gray, $1 07t£
@1 15; Black, S1W1 C7'.i.
CORN— Kastern larqe yellow. $1 15@1 1714 per
ctl; Kastern white. JlS'l 10 per ctl.
RYK— 95£97%c per oil.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 12,035 bbla Flour.
FLOUK— California family extras, U BO^a ii,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25@3 per barrel.
JIILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *2 75 per 100 lbs; Kye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 SO; Hominy. $3 25^3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. J4®4 25: Cracked Wheat, ?3 25:
Farina ?4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Kolled
Oats (barrels), *«®7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5: Split Peas, $5; Green Peas. $5 £0 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
New volunteer Hay continues do arrive, nine
cars coming In yesterday. There is no sale for it.
How t'» dispose of this Hay this year is a prob
lem. It is lleht, mixed with grasa and clover,
and is not the kind of Hay wanted in this mar
ket, and the country 13 full of it.
Feedstufla stand the same.
11H.*N— *12 tu@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17ig20 per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— Kolled Barley. $13@17 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26<J?27; Jtfbblng,
$27 50S|2S; Cocoanut Cake, ?20<g21; Corn Meal,
$25; Cracked Corn. JI3 30; Mixed Feed. ||15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7#9 for common to good; $3 50
@10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $T'J9; Oat,
t6@8; Barley, $5@7;- Alfalfa, ta@7 60 per ton.
NEW HAY-14 6Ca6 per ton.
BTRAW— 25®37MrC per bale. .
Beans and Seeds.
Exchange and Bullion.
fan IYanr;sco data— Maximum temperature,
— ; minimum, — : mean. — .
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
Generally dendy weather prevails over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope and fair
over the southern. Light rain has fallen over
Was-hJnjrton. Oregon and Weetern Montana.
A thunder storm occurred at Spokane.
The prfpi'ure has ripen rapidly over the
northwest*-™ portion of the Pacific Slope and
fallen over th*> Rocky Mountain rejrlon.
Th<> temperature has falle:: over Washington
«nd Oregon anl risen over Arizona and the
Rorky Mountain region: elsewhere the changes
have been slight.
Condition are favorable for fair and con
t'r.ued warm weather In California Tuesday.
Forecast ma'ie at t-'an Krar.clsco for thirty
hours cndi:i»; midnisl:t. Mpv 22. W0.
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
n-arn;: frosh nortliwevt win-i.
Soutli»rn <"aliforrua— Fair Tuesday; continued
*arm; fresh m/tmt wind.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday. %
Utah— Partly ctoody Tuesday.
Arlzi-ina-Tair Tu«-5<Jay: continued warm.
San Franfis«-o and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
trest. cjrthvrest wind. O. II. \VIL.LPO5f.
lx>cal Forecast Official.
fimh Meridian— Bacifie Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 21. 5 p- m-
Th» CoUowiaC are the seasonal rainfalls to
flare, U corr-rared with those of the same date
laM faf'Ti and rainfalls in the last twenty
tour hour?:
Weather Report.
Mall advices from New York say: "An In
creased demand for prunes was reported yes
terday, several European buyers cabling over
Inquiries, but not appearing disposed to buy
tt the higher prices now ruling. All through
the iraAe the belle* exists that an advance of
tt leaet '*c r**r p°und will b«» declared before
the new rruncs come in. which will be about
peptember. Now that the weather is warmer
holders of all dried fruits appear anxious to
dispose of their etocks to pave cold storage
charges. IVach^s and epricots are etlll quiet,
while currants are going out quietly, it being
t near the end of 'h* season."
Dried Fruit in New York.
T!ie ASaemis. loads lumber at Grays Harbor
for Sydney, 50*: Bangalore, Fugar at Honolulu
for Delaware Breakwater, for orders, J6-25c
lc-«s direct; Grenada, wheat at Portland or
Tifpmi lor Europe. 25s— prior to arrival:
Jiorda. lumber at Port Ludlow for Port Plrie;
Pararcita. coal at Nanalmo for Honolulu;
;.•..,.;. lumber at Grays Harbor for Guaymas.
Charters.
NEW YORK. May 21.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London .financial cablegram says:
The market* to-day were very disappointing:,
the public having failed to come In despite the
Inspiration of the news from Mafeklng. Deal
era I had loaded up with stocks, particularly
American*; in anticipation of public buying,
but getting no response they realized to-day
with the result of producing general heaviness.
Business also was light. The weakness In
Americans was accentuated by New York's
failure to support these securities and the stale
rumors about the plague in San Francisco.
Copper nhares were good, affected by the rise
In the price of the metal, but they relapsed in
sympathy with the fall In Americans. Consols
were depressed by the new talk of another
war loan. The Bank of England received £5000
in gold from Malta and an Australian parcel
of £1SO,W)O arrived, but will not be available
for asveral days.
CLOSING.
AtchlBon. S8»4: Canadian Pacific 96%; Union
Pacific preferred. 75*4: Northern Pacific, 7614 ;
Grand Trunk, 7S; Anaconda, 8ft. Bar silver,
London Market.
WASHINGTON. May 21.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund*
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows:
Available cash balance, 3143,9VD,SS1; gold, $70,
2S4.H7. . : =
Condition of the Treasury. .
NEW YORK. May 21— Money on call easier
at 2 per cent. Prime, mercantile paper. S'i^M'i
per c»nt. Sterling exchange business Rpfter
at $4 S7%i«T4 8? for demand and $4 S4%64 85 for
sixty days; posted rates. $4 S5>i and $4 89; com
mercial blllo. $4 8404 S44. Silver certificates.
CO>ifi«C*ic; bar ullver. 6O',4C. Mexican dollars,
47Vic. tJonds — Government, easier; State. In
active; railroad, strong.
Nkv York Money Market.
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76 (
7.940 Pennsylvania I2i\i
Reading 17 i
2,;C0 Reading 1st prefd '. ha\ \
C00 Reading 2d prefd 2«Vs '
Rio Grande Western 66
Rio Grande Western prefd 87%
400 St. Louis & San Francisco 10^
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 6&
1C0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33'£
St I»u!s, Southwestern 11*4
ISO St I*>uip, Southwestern prefd 2" a t
19,771 Ft Paul HCV»
763 St Paul prefd 173
St Pa.il & Omaha 114
6.450 Southern Pacific 34
1.050 Southern Railway 12?»
1.5S5 Southern Railway prefd 65
TfiO Texas & Pacific I. 16*i
20.570 Union Pacihc .•• 54U
1.450 Union Pacific prefd 73H
\Vaba?h 8
810 Wabash prefd 21'i
TOO Wheeling & L E 9\
170 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 26* s
1.J00 Wisconsin Central 16
Exprers companies—
Adams 114
American 15'>
United States <*
Wells-Fargo 117
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 34 s *
« American Cotton Oil prefd 90
4 ¦¦> American Malting. i
American Malting'prefd 22
1.150 American Smelting & R-?fln 36 7 i
1,040 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. SS S 4
American Spirits 2J4
American Spirits prefd 17
1.640 American Steel Hoop 21>-i
130 American Steel Hoop prefd 71 I
1M25 American Steel & Wire 34 \
4.795 American Steel & Wire prefd 73^»
S50 American Tin Plate 234
American Tin Plate prefd 7«
30,150 American Tobacco SI 1 !*.
American Tobacco prefd 12S
385 Anaconda Mining Co 42^;
8,295 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70
VA Colorado Fuel & Iron Z<>%
12,623 Continental Tobacco ~~\it
1.34) Continental Tobacco prefd 76
7,430 Federal Steel 33
450 Federal Steel prefd 66»i
I» «;peeral Electric 134
450 Glucose Sugar 47
l.ioo Glucose Sugar prefd W
663 International Paper 22«i
International Paper prefd 64
525 I-aclede Gas 6S
National Biscuit 30
National Biscuit prefd *«
National I^eail 19'.i
National I.#ad prefd 5»6
2.2f*0 National Steel 2Mi
National I^eail prefd S6
100 New York Air Brake 124 |
North American 14*i !
Pacific Coast ....' 49
Pacific Coast 1st prefd *)
Pacific Coast 2d prefd n»
300 Pa'-iflc Mall -~\i j
10,470 People's ('.as 9914
Press<*i Steel Car 44
Pressed Steel Car prefd 76
Pullman l"«!a-e Car 181
Standard Rope &. Twine fj"« !
62.S90 Sukot HO'-g
;*> Sugar prefd 110
3.745 Tennessee Coal & Iron 74 7 ii
34« United States Leather 111%
420 United States Leather prefd 6S^
ITnlted State? Rubber 2«'i
72T> I'nlted States Rubber prefd 92
3,?O) Western Union 7;*-%
140 Republic Iron & Steel Cp U l i
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 56>i
PCCASt Louis 5i!
2.P75 Third Avenue lHVi
S40.COO Shares Fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s re-funding. |MK*T 2ds 69
When Issued 104 M K & T 4s.; !<3U
V S 2s ro£ 9?s.;'N X Central lsts..lll
U S 3s re* 109>4JN J Cent Ken 5»..121»i
D S 3s oup 1"9'-.;N Carolina 6s 130
U S new 4s reg....l34Vs N Carolina 4s l(»H
I' S new 4s eoup..l34'.jN Pacific 3s 67
V S old 4s reg....ll."."«'N Pactnc 4s 1O4V4
V S old 4s coup..ll5S:N Y C & S L 4s. ..106%
U S Sh r«-e 113V N * w con 4s 97
U S 5s coup 113* 4 !N & W gen 6s 132
Dis of Cnl 3.65h....l21 lOregon Xav l?ts...H0
Atchlson gen 4« loos^or Xav 4s 104'i
Atehlson adj 4s.... M".,|Or Short Line Kg..l2»^
Canada So 2ds 107 Or S Line- con Cs..ll4
Ches & Ohio 4i-s.. 98«- Reading <;»>n 4s.... 8R 1 ,*
Ones & Ohio 5s. ..115 R G W lsts ?si 2
C & NW con 7s... .140 S L & I M con as.130
C & NWSFdPb 5s. 120 S L & S F gen 6s.. 124
Chgo Terminal 4s.. Wulst Paul .consols ...16SLi
D A R G lsts 101^,;S PC4 P lsts ...120
D « K G 4s 90 jSTCt P 5s 121Vi
E T Vp.&Ga ls'.s..lO2% So Railway 5s Ill 1 ,*
Erie General 4s.... 73 'Stand R & T 6i>.... 70
F W & D C lstc. 71 jTenn new s«»t 2s... 9.V-;
General El«-c os...12o ]T»x & Pac Ipts 115
<; l» ft S A 6b 110 ITex A: Pac 2ds €7
O H t- S A 2dE ...1C< jtTnlon Pacific 4s. ...106
II & T C Es 111'i Wabash lsts 115
H & T C con 6s.. ..110 IWabash 2ds 102>4
Iowa Central UlS.llS ] West Shore it 112 1 *
K C P * G lsts... 7JVWIS Cent lsts 91
La new cons 4s 108i«'Va Centuries &2Vi
L & X Uni 4s 99«i Ya deferred f>
So Pacific 4s S3»4 ! C & S 4» S5%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 19:Oph!r 50
Crown Point 08; Plymouth 10
Con Cal & Va 1 40; Quicksilver 1 SO
Hea'iwo^il 5O;Qu!<-j<Bilv«-r prefd .. 7 50
Gould & Curry 12;S1"rya Nevada 30
Hale & Norcross.. 21;.«tandanl ...-. 3 . r .O
Homeotuke £0 00 Un'on Con IS
Iron Silver 66 1 Yellow Jacket 14
Ontario 7 00|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 91
Call loan? 2'?C 1 ,4 Bonds-
Time loans 3^4 Atchlson 43 994
Stocks— jN E GasA-Coke 5s. 65
A T & S F 1 25HI MiniriK Hhares—
A T & S F prefd... 7O'« i Adventure 4
American Sugar. .. 116%| Allouez Min Co..... l'J
Am Sugar prefd... .110V 4 Amalg (.'opper f>"\' t
Bell Telephone 310 Atlantic 23
Boston *¦ Albany. .242 Boston & Mont 2H4
Boston Klevated 140 Butte & Boston «4
HoFttm & Main*" 1S5 Calumet «= Hccla.75fi
C B & Q. ex dlv...l26 Centennial 17
Dominion Coal .... 42H Franklin J3»A
Dem Coal prefd.. ..US Humboldt 50
Federal Steel 35 Osceola C2U
Fed Steel prefd 66 Parrot 41?.
Fitchburn prefd. ...131 Qulncy 135
General i:iwtric...l34 Santa Fe Copper... 4ri
Mexican Central... 12Vi Tamarack 173
N E Gas & Coke.. 15>i Utah Mining 2714
Old Colony 207 .Winona 3V;
Rubber 28 Wolverines 3Sij
Union Pacific 64% I
when a minus sign (— > precedes th* height,
and then the number given Is subtracted frora
the depth given by the charts. The plane o*
reference Is th« m*wn of the lower low wa.fr*.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat opened firmer and fell back.
Other cereals dull at preznous prices.
Xo demand whatever for new volunteer Hay.
Beans and Seeds neglected and nominal.
Potatoes continue plentiful and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs slozv and not over firm.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Fruit market well supplied. Oranges declining.
Provisions very dull and easy.
Plenty of Hogs coming in for the, demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21,700; exports, 21.909; fairly active and quite
steady, with demand chiefly from jobbers and
for well-known brands.
WHEAT— Receipts, 471.175; exports, 77,941;
sales, 2.3S3.C00 bushels; futures, 80,000, export;
spot, easy; No. 2 red, 7"i£c elevator; No. 2 red,
SOHc f. o. h. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
74"^o f. o. b. afloat, prompt: No. 1 hard Du
luth, 77Hc f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options
opened firm and were supported all the morn
ing on dry weather over the spring wheat
States with higher cables. ' Subsequently the
market turned heavy under late rumors of pos
elble rain In the Northwest and closed weak
at %@-'ic decline from Saturday; May, 7"H«>
71Vic, closed at 71>»c; July,- 72<fT72»ie. closed
at 72Uc; September, 73@73%c. closed at 72%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet. •
COFFEE— Spot, easy and quiet; No. 7 in
voice, THc; mild, market quiet; Cordova, 9H@
10li<\ Futures closed firm -at net unchanged
prices to 5 points advance: total sales, 6000
bags, including September. $6 70: October. $6 75
®6 SO; November, $6 73: December, $7 C5; Jan
: uary, $7 OS; March, $7 15.
I SUGAR-Raw, firm; fair refining, S 3-32c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4 15-32: molasses sugar,
3 lU-16c; refined, firm; No. 6. 4.70c; No. 7, 4.65c;
No. S. 4.80c; No. 9, 4.. '5c: No. 10. 4.50; No. 11,
4.4io; Nos. 12, 13 and 14, 4.40c; standard A, 5c;
confectioners' A. 5c; mnhl A, 5.45c: cut loaf,
5.60c; crushed, 5.60e; powdered, 5.30c; granu
lated, 5.20c; cubes, 5.35c.
• BUTTER— Receipts. 22,963 packages; steady:
, Western creamery. 16Vi<&'20c; factory, 14® 16c.
i EGGS— Receipts, 13,065 packages; firm; stor
age Western at mark, 13Vi(gl3*4c; regular pack
ing, loss off, lSVi®14o.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was mod
erately active and about steady at unchanged
prices. California dried fruits were dull and
nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4<s<a5c; prime. 6?i'56c; choice, 6%<S'c; fancy,
7'4^8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3>t@7e per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 13(??l3c: Moorpark, U@lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16SJ2Oc; unpcelcd, 7@9c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA May 21.— WHEAT— Dull; .prices
unchanged.' Blue Stem. 54c; Club, 51c, both for
expert.
PORTLAND, May 2l.-But'few sales- of Wheat
were reported to-d3>\ and quotations are nomi
nal at 51@52c for either Walla Walla or Valley.
Stocks on snot are still heavy, and tonnage is
needed more tnan are ships.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, May 20.— Clearings, $442,351; bal
ances, J72.465.
LONDON, May 21.— Consols, 101%; eilver,
27%d; French rentes, lClf 7V4c. Wheat car
goes on passage, nominally unchanged; car
goes Walla Walla. 27s 9d; English country
markets, quiet; imports into United K ngdom.
wheat. 319. OOU; imports into United Kingdom.
Hour. 290.000; wheat and, flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 3.270,000: wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1.720.000.
LIVERPOOL, May 21.~Wheat. steady: Iso.
1 Standard California. 6s 2d@Cs 2V2d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; t rench coun
try markets, steady. • - .
COTTON— Uplands. 5 7-23d.
CLOSING. •
WHEAT-Spot, steady; No. 1 California. 6s
2d@6s 2H>d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 9Vsd:
Futures, quiet; May. os 8%d; September, os
CORN— Spot American mixed, new. firm. 4 3
iid. Futures, dull; May, 4s %d; July, *a lOd;
September. 3s 10'id.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 21.-The offerings at the w.ool
auction sales to-day numbered S236 bales, more
than half of which w^re Queensland. The
attendance was good. There was a steady de
mand, the home trade leading in purchases
after good competition. The home trade secured
the bulk of good greasy, paying full rates.
The Continent was also active. American
representatives bought occasionally, '-ape or
Good Hope and Natal greasy were in slow de
mand and was mostly withdrawn.
London Wool Sales.
FOR MONDAY, MAT 21, 1300.
Flour, qr sks 12, 568 1 Hay, tons 402
Wheat, ctls 700 Bran, sks 345
Barley ctls 10.813 Pelts, bdls 60
Oats, ctls 1,025 Hides, No 4,140
Butter, ctls 427jLeather. rolls ..... 55
Cheese, ctls 147 Quicksilver, flasks 39
Tallow, ctls 209!Sugar. bbls 67
Beans, sks 1.581 {Sugar, sks S00
Potatoes, ska 1,9031 Chicory, bbls 86
Onions, sks ; 74S Lime, bbls 364
"Wool, bales 19S Ekks, dozen 22.KW)
Straw tons 32 Wine, gallons ....56,200
OREGON.
Flour, qr.sks 10.8SS Potatoes sks 1.S6S
Oats, ctls 1.433 Bran, sks 3,420
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany cjuotes. per lb. in 10O-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60c: Powdered.
5.2flc; Candy Granulated, 5.20c; Dry Granulated,
5.10c; Confectioners" A, 5.10c; Magnolia
A. 4.70c; Extra C, 4.60c; Golden C. 4.50c; barrels,
10c more; half-barrels, 23c more; boxes. 50c
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos, tall-barrels, 5.85c: boxes. 6.10c per lb.
COAlA Wellington, $S per ton; new Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $S; Seattle, ?5;
Bryant. $8; Coos Eay, $5; Wallsend. t%; Co
operative Wallsend, $S: Cumberland, $12 in bulk
and $!3 i'5 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egs. $11; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton
in bulk and $18 in sacks; Castle 'Gate and Rock
Springs, $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain BaKs. 6Uc; Wool Bags, 2S^«^32'.5c; Fleece
Twine, T^ic.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%©5%C for small and
medium and Z\iQb%c Iqt large; stock Hogs and
Jeed-rs, &&&5V&C; dressed Hogs. 7@8V4c.
Hoes continue to arrive from the East. n9t
in large quantities, but sufficiently to keep the
local product weak.
BEEF— 5(&6%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL — Larce. 7c; small. 8gSHc per lb.
| MUTTON— Wethers, CV44f7c; ewes. 6S«V4c per
pound.
LAMB— Sprinjr. S@8^c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. H?avy Salted
Steers. 10<&10Uc; medium. 9®9%c: light. 9fi,i%c:
Cowhides. Sig&V-c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. l»c;
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, «6und, ISc; culls and
brands, 15c; Pry Kip and Veal. 1M?i7c: Dry
Calf, 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 13330c
eacji; short Wool, s5«stk)c each; medium, ""'gscc;
long Wool $l'gl 50 each; Horse Hides. $2^2 50
for larce and $1 25@:i 75 for small; Colts, 25y
50c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall
or medium skins, 33c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Gcatsklna — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2.
4<§4VsC; refined, 6c; grease, 2H@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, i&AQVtc; Northern defective, 13
<{il5c; Mifldle County, free, 13©17c: Middle
County defective. 13i^lEc: Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12S13c; do, free. 7 months'. llg'ISc;
do, defective. 7 months', 10<g;i2c: Humboldt and
Mendocir.o, 20@21c; Nevada, 14317c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy.
He for lisht medium, 12c for Meht. 13c for ex
tra light and HHc for eugar cured. Eastern
sucar-cured Hams. 13H@14c: Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family, 114; extra Prime
Pork, $14 50<615: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12V-^lJc per lb.
i LARD— Tierces quoted at 7ig>8c per lb for com
pound and SH@3c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
SUc; 10-lb t«ns. 9\c; 6-lb tins. lOVjc
COTtrOLENE— Tierces. 8%@-8%c per lb; half
barrels, 8%SST4c; 10-lb tins, 9»4c.
NUTS— Walnuts, SJ?9c for Standards and 9®
10c for noftshells; Almonds, HM.@12c for paper
shell. S§10c for soft and 4(goc for hardshell.
Peanuts. 5^i@6?;c for EaKtern and 5c for Cali
fornia. Brazjl Nuts, 7«-'g8c. Filberts, 12^12Vic.
Pecans. H@l3e. Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb. HV4@12c for bright and 10H@
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 7V4c;
light amber extracted, 6y>97c; dark. »HS«c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. SUc; choice. 7%c; standard. 6\jc:
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c: Seedless,
M)-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5V4c:
3-crown, 6M.C-. 4-crown. 7c: London Layer*.
2-crov.n. Jl 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b: at common shipping points
In California.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in nacks.'' 3»i<34c for
40-CO's. 3Uc for HO-60's. 3c for 60-70's. 2U@2%c for
70-SO's, 2c for SO-30's and IHGMiC for 90-lOO's;
Apricots, SglOc for Royals and 10@llc for Moor
park.«; Peaches, 4<A<g4?4c for Standards, 5c for
choice and 5H€*6c tor'fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10
<??12<£c: Evaporated Apples. sy.'SSc; Sun-dried,
3£f4c p<r lb: Pears, S^iJM'/ic for dark and 7@Sc
for bright halves: Black Figs. l*iS2c: White
F!ss, 2fl3c; Bleached Plums, 714c; unbleached
Plump. 6c for pitted and l'ic for unpitted.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
berries are still unusually light. Gooseberries
are higher, being: rather scarce.
The low bids of the canners" combine for
Cherries In Alameda County are exciting wide
spread comment among growers and dealers.
The unanimous opinion is that the canners are
making a serious mistake.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS —
APRICOTS— 50c@$l per box for Pringles and
"Sc<Ti%l for large. Receipts were 610 boxes.
APPLES— 73c@$3 per box; Green Apples, 50@
73c :ier box.
STRAWBERRIES— ?5i?« 50 per chest for large
and $7<?il0 for small berries. Receipts were
301 chest?.
GOOSEBERRIES— 50c per drawer for com
mon and 10c per lb for Enclish.
RASPBERRIES— $7® 12 per chest; Newcastle,
90c r.er crttp.
BLACKBERRIES— per chest, Covlnas,
per basket. I,o;an Berries. $S@9 per chest.
•CURRANTS— $3 T.0@3 per chest.
CHERRY PLUMS— 50c per drawer.
PEACHES-85c©$I 50 per box.
CHERRIES— ZOifj-Wc per 1k>x ror red and white
and 2-JiSfi.Jc for black. In bulk, 4@5c for black
and I'.ifioVJc per lb for white. Receipts were
315'J boxes. ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50^2 50
per box; Secdlinpsi, $1@1 75; Lemons, $1@1 50 for
common and $"'a2 50 tor good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $4 50@5: Bananas. $1 23®2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 5C®4 per dozen.
Alameda County.
Dennis Dugran to Marjraret impan. lot on S
line of Seventh avenue, 225 W of M street. W 25
by S 100, block 133, Central Park Homestead;
gift.
Harry C. "Warwick to Jacob Heyman, lot 20,
block Y. Park Lane Tract Xo. 3; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Francisco Llppl,
same: $10.
Gustave Allstead to Elizabeth Allstead. lots
1540. 154". 154S. 1549 ar»l 1550. Gift Map 3: gift.
Homestead Association; $40.
Henry A. Crane to Henry F. Blanchet Jr.,
lot on W line of San Bruno avenue. 100 S of
DwlKht street. S 250. W 120. S 50. W 120, N 300,
E 240. block 11. same: $10.
Thaddeus B. Kent to Cosmos Land and Water
Company, lot on S line of Thirtieth street. 57:«
W of Harper (formerly Bartlett). W 57:6 by S
123, block 24. Fairmount (quitclaim deed); $10.
Eliza G. and Isaac Deutch to Arthur and Si
mon Bachman, lot on S line of Geary Btreet,
137:6 E of Goush, E 27:1 by S 120; $10.
Ludwig J. A. and Bertha E. Michelsen to
William H. ami Agnes M. Sexton, lot on N line
of Union street. 60 W of Octavla. W 25 by N 80;
$10.
City and County of San Francisco to George
TV*. Merritt lot on S line of Washington street.
137:6 E of Webster. S 127:8U by E 50; $— .
Walter R.. Stella C. and Mary H. Lovegrove
to John P. Fraser, lot on E line of Mason street.
S7:6 N of Sutter. N 49:11 by E 87:6; £>.
Mary W. Mastick to George Middlemas. lot
on NE line of -Beale street, 127 NW of Harrison,
NTV 0:5 by NE 100; JIO.
Mary T. and John F. Quane to Fanny Neu
berger (wife of S.>. lot on NW line of Clary
etreet. 300 SW of Fifth. SW 23 by NW 80; |l.».
Patrick Burke to Mary Glynn. lot on faW line
of Geneva street. 165 SE ol Brannan. SE 27:6 by
SW 64; gift. _. ,
Potrero Land Improvement Co. to Charles
Berger, lot on W line of Minnesota street, 325 N
of Twenty-second (Sierra). N 50 by W 100;
S1 Joseph S. and Sellna Dlnkelspiel to Bruce A.
Meyer lot on SW corner of Forty-second avenue
and It street. W 240 by S 100; $10.
M J Stamper to same, lot on S line of W
street, S2:6 E of Thirty-ninth avenue, E 50 by
S 100: al5o lot on W line of Forty-seventh ave
nue 2iO S of n street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
William II. and Dora L. Cureton to Charles
Wagner. N half of lot 12, block 12. Paul Tract
Anna B. Steiger (wife of J. George) to Joseph
Wellsbeln. lot on N line of Alvarado street. 100
W of Douslass. W 50 by N 114, lots 10 and 11,
Heyman Tract; $10.
J4000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cents 117 5?
J1000 S V 4 ser cent bonds, 2d mort 103 2»
Afternoon Session. ¦
Board—
50 California Fruit Canners' 99 2.'
10 Contra Co3ta Water "3 59
59 Equitable Gas 2 '¦>
100 Honokaa. S Co 33 <*>
K0 Makaweli - <7 75
25 Paauhau S P Co 30 S7's
90 S F Gas & Electric Co *" <*>
17 S V Water Co M 00
200 Vlgorit Powder Co 2 To
$9000 S P of A bonds 114 23
J2000 S V 4 per cent bonds, 2d mort 103 37?i
Street—
55 California Fruit Canners' S3 50
300 Honokaa S Co 33 00
235 Makaweli 47 75
4iO Paauhau S P Co 30 ST'i
$32,0C0 S V 4 per cent bonds, 3d mort 102 25
PRODUCERS OIL EXCHANGE
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose 16 <V>
1(10 Home Oll-,Co 4 SO
100 Yukon 100
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
300 Home Oil Co 4 SO
50 National Oil & D Co « 12'4
50 National Oil & D Co « 25
50 National Oil & D Co « 37*i
400 West Lake 79
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
100 Belcher 10 £00 Justice M
100 Best & Belcher. 30 10O Mexican 27
100 Challenge 13 300 Ophlr W?
60 Chollar 23 500 Potosl 23
200 Chollar 22 SOU Silver Hill 24
500 Con Cal & Va..l 45 1900 Silver Hill 25
50 Gould & Curry. 1«; 200 Union Con 20
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 231 100 Overman 1*
50 Caledonia 115! 100 Potost 22
300 Mexican 271 100 Sierra Nevada.. 32
300 Ophlr 54 100 Sliver Hill 30
400 Ophlr 5o| 700 Utah 08
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Best & Belcher. 30 500 Ophlr 58
ECO Bullion 03 BOO Overman 18
r,00 Chollar 23 7<v> Potosi -*
200 Chollar 22 300 Savage ......... 14
10 Con Cal & Va..l 50 200 Sierra Nevada.. 32
250 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Silver Hill 2o
2W Con Cal & Va.l42»4 200 Sliver Hill 23
600 Crown Point.... C9 800 Silver Hill 30
30O Gould & Curry. 13 200 Union Con 20
700 Justice TO 400 Yellow Jacket.. 17
200 Mexican 27
Afternoon Session.
BOO Alta 04 2C0 Hale & Norc... 28
2*0 Caledonia 115 200 Mexican 27
600 Chollar 22 200 Overman 19
50 Con Cal & Va.1 42^ 300 Overman 21
250 Con Cal & Va..l 401 150 Silver Hill 30
COO Gould &. Curry. 161
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. May 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 CS'Justice 02 03
Alta 03 05;Kentuck — 01
Andes '.. w» or Lady Washgton — 05
Belcher 09 10 Mexican 26 27
Best & Belcher. 29 30 Occidental 12 14
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 64 55
Caledonia 1 35 1 43 Overman 20 21
Chollar 20 21Potosi 21 22
Challenge Con.. 14 16|Savage 12 14
Confidence 73 80 1 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 43|Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 31 32
Con New York. — 04 (Silver Hill SO 32
Crown Point 10 lllSt Louis — 12
Eureka Con — 50 Standard — 3 30
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate — 09
Gould & Curry. 15 18 Union Con W 21
Hale & Norc... 25 -7 Utah 07 C«
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 17 IS
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1900.
steady, 27 ll-16d per ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
New York Grain and Produce.
•Branch Hydrographlc Office, IT. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco! Cal
May 21. 19**.
The time ball did not drop to t day. 'Wires out
of order. C. G. CALKINS.
lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ta. |
Flour, barrels 13,000 20,000
Wheat, bushels 10,000. 19.000
Corn, bushels ,. 100.000 4S5.000
Oats, bushels 212,000 437.000
Rye, bus>hel« 4,000 ......
Barley, bushels 23,000 6,000
AttTICLES. j
Open-I
(HlEh.l Iiow. Close.
i
1 :
Xo. 2— J
May :..: (
July I
67%
I 6oj 661*; 66%
Cora No. 2—
May
July
September
Oats No. 2 —
May
July '. I
September i
Moss Pork, bbl— |
July
I,ard, 100 lbs—
July
September
fchort Rlbs.lCO lbs—
37
38
i HU
fi 95 !
6 95
37 36H 35 S 4
SS 3S»; 36i,
3SU 37»4 371a
22% 21% 21»i
22' i 2174 21T»
21Vi 21 21
10 70 11 m U 52'i
! fi S7>i 6 !>2»* G
6 »7H C S2Vi 6 93
July
September
fi C5
6 C
6 63 6 57'*| 6 60
6 65 |6 57^41 6 57Vi
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July.
O|.< nine 5 S'i
CksinR 5 £H
PARIS.
Sert.
5 SVi
i 5 8i4
Wheat— May. i
Opening .* 19 S3
Closing 19 90
Flour — k
o p »ntn« 25T*)
Closing 23 95
Sept. -Dec.
21 45
21 M
27 90
27 PO
Sterling; Exchange, sixty dars... —
Sterling Exchange, eight —
Sterling Cables —
New York Exchange, sight —
New Ynrk Exchance. telegraphic —
Fine silver, per ounce —
Mexican ijoliais "ft
J4 85V4
4 89Vi
4 90
15
60H
w
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
_J
Igrnac. MarlscaljManzanlllo May 23
Enerstfa [China and Japan........ May .'J
Humboldt Seattle _....!May 23
Australia Honolulu (May 12
Umatllla Victoria & Puset Sound. May 22
Matteawan Tacoma !May 23
Santa Rosa 'San IMeuo ..... IMay 23
Warfleld lOyster Harbor ......IMay 23
Crescent City... Crescent City iMay 24
Coos Bay Newport IMay -j
Columbia Orefton Ports iMay 2j
Point Arena IMendocino iMar £>
Arcata [OreKon Ports May 2j
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 25
Empire Coos Bay May 2.".
Washtenaw .... Tacoma May 21
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 2«
Pomona Humboldt May 2$
North Fork Humboldt May 28
Corona San Diego _.... May «7
Curacao Mexico May 27
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Del Xort* Orearon Ports May 23
Gaelic China and Japan May Zi
Bonita Newport May Zi
State of Cal....!Or<?Ron Ports May 30
TO SAIL
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Sequoia .... Cap* Nome.... May 22, S pxn Pier S
Bonlta Newport May 23. » am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland May 23. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt May 23, S pxn.'PUr S
Krucer THlamook May 23.12 mPler.J
C. I>. Lane. iCape Nome.... May 24, 2 pm Pier li
Santa Rosa. San Diego May JS. 11 am Pier 11
1'matllla ...IVlc & Pgt Sd. May 2«. 11 am Pier 9
Noyo Irape Nome May 26. 3 pm Pier 3
St. Paul i Cape Nome.... May 2$. 2pm!Pler3t
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May M. 10 am.Pi p r S
Coos Bay... Newport May 28. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Bay May 25. 12 m Plsr 13
IK Mariscal Mexico May 2S.
Colon Panama May 2S. 12 m PM5>S
Columbia .. Portland May 23. 11 am Pier 21
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 2S. 2 pm Pier 3
City Peking!China& Japan May 29. 1 pm|PUSS
Corona ISan IMeco May 20, 11 amiPlrr It
North Fork-lHumblodt May 23. 12 m[Pler 2
Itlr
¦ka
n
Kv
no
p«
U
Ar
a.
taff
fioni
rant
ode
all
nge!
tecs
ctao
Ofa
» ...
:o
3iEpO.. (
L&rt This L,a!t
14 hours. PPason. season.
0.00 4S.6S 33. SS
O.i>) r2.87 lO.CS
o.oo :o. :s 14. o;
o.oo is. a ifi.io
O.tt 10.14 7. IS
fi.no 3.W l.Il
0.00 IT. SO JS.41
O.no 7. S3 5.01
«.0H 5.?S 4.96
- 0.0" 1.2» 1.34
Fi
Vi
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July.
O|.< nine 5 S'i
CksinR 5 £H
PARIS.
Sert.
5 SVi
i 5 8i4
Wheat— May. i
Opening .* 19 S3
Closing 19 90
Flour — k
o p »ntn« 25T*)
Closing 23 95
Sept. -Dec.
21 45
21 M
27 90
27 PO
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ta. |
Flour, barrels 13,000 20,000
Wheat, bushels 10,000. 19.000
Corn, bushels ,. 100.000 4S5.000
Oats, bushels 212,000 437.000
Rye, bus>hel« 4,000 ......
Barley, bushels 23,000 6,000
AttTICLES. j
Open-I
(HlEh.l Iiow. Close.
i
1 :
Xo. 2— J
May :..: (
July I
67%
I 6oj 661*; 66%
Cora No. 2—
May
July
September
Oats No. 2 —
May
July '. I
September i
Moss Pork, bbl— |
July
I,ard, 100 lbs—
July
September
fchort Rlbs.lCO lbs—
37
38
i HU
fi 95 !
6 95
37 36H 35 S 4
SS 3S»; 36i,
3SU 37»4 371a
22% 21% 21»i
22' i 2174 21T»
21Vi 21 21
10 70 11 m U 52'i
! fi S7>i 6 !>2»* G
6 »7H C S2Vi 6 93
July
September
fi C5
6 C
6 63 6 57'*| 6 60
6 65 |6 57^41 6 57Vi
TO SAIL
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Sequoia .... Cap* Nome.... May 22, S pxn Pier S
Bonlta Newport May 23. » am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland May 23. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona .... Humboldt May 23, S pxn.'PUr S
Krucer THlamook May 23.12 mPler.J
C. I>. Lane. iCape Nome.... May 24, 2 pm Pier li
Santa Rosa. San Diego May JS. 11 am Pier 11
1'matllla ...IVlc & Pgt Sd. May 2«. 11 am Pier 9
Noyo Irape Nome May 26. 3 pm Pier 3
St. Paul i Cape Nome.... May 2$. 2pm!Pler3t
Valencia ... Cape Nome.... May M. 10 am.Pi p r S
Coos Bay... Newport May 28. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata ICoos Bay May 25. 12 m Plsr 13
IK Mariscal Mexico May 2S.
Colon Panama May 2S. 12 m PM5>S
Columbia .. Portland May 23. 11 am Pier 21
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. May 2S. 2 pm Pier 3
City Peking!China& Japan May 29. 1 pm|PUSS
Corona ISan IMeco May 20, 11 amiPlrr It
North Fork-lHumblodt May 23. 12 m[Pler 2
Sterling; Exchange, sixty dars... —
Sterling Exchange, eight —
Sterling Cables —
New York Exchange, sight —
New Ynrk Exchance. telegraphic —
Fine silver, per ounce —
Mexican ijoliais "ft
J4 85V4
4 89Vi
4 90
15
60H
w
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
_J
Igrnac. MarlscaljManzanlllo May 23
Enerstfa [China and Japan........ May .'J
Humboldt Seattle _....!May 23
Australia Honolulu (May 12
Umatllla Victoria & Puset Sound. May 22
Matteawan Tacoma !May 23
Santa Rosa 'San IMeuo ..... IMay 23
Warfleld lOyster Harbor ......IMay 23
Crescent City... Crescent City iMay 24
Coos Bay Newport IMay -j
Columbia Orefton Ports iMay 2j
Point Arena IMendocino iMar £>
Arcata [OreKon Ports May 2j
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 25
Empire Coos Bay May 2.".
Washtenaw .... Tacoma May 21
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 2«
Pomona Humboldt May 2$
North Fork Humboldt May 28
Corona San Diego _.... May «7
Curacao Mexico May 27
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Del Xort* Orearon Ports May 23
Gaelic China and Japan May Zi
Bonita Newport May Zi
State of Cal....!Or<?Ron Ports May 30
Itlr
¦ka
n
Kv
no
p«
U
Ar
a.
taff
fioni
rant
ode
all
nge!
tecs
ctao
Ofa
» ...
:o
3iEpO.. (
L&rt This L,a!t
14 hours. PPason. season.
0.00 4S.6S 33. SS
O.i>) r2.87 lO.CS
o.oo :o. :s 14. o;
o.oo is. a ifi.io
O.tt 10.14 7. IS
fi.no 3.W l.Il
0.00 IT. SO JS.41
O.no 7. S3 5.01
«.0H 5.?S 4.96
- 0.0" 1.2» 1.34
Fi
Vi
SALE!g&£^.
MAMMOTH CUT LOOSE SALE of tha con-
tents of a carriage and wason repository. 114.>
FOLSOM ST.. near Eishth. and fifil to 6*i7
Clementina St.. THL'RSDAY. MAY 2». at 1] a.
m. This sal» is called to close an estate and
everything offered must b«« soM. The stock, <-cn-
slsts of handsome rubber tire Surrey. Road Bug-
gies. Carts, etc.; 1 flrst-cla3S 12-passer.K"r Wajr-
onette; 2 Hack?, fine cut-down Furniture Wag-
on. 10 fine Express anil 20 Delivery Wagons; 5
Buckboards; 2i> open ard lop Buggies: 7 Was-
on» suitable for bakers. laundrymen. etc.; 3
Chests of Tool.". Paints. Varnish, etc.: SO h?ad
of good gentle Horses, suitable for all purposes;
a private Road Horse. Buggy and Harness,
which I consider one of the best that goes owr
the road, gentle for lady to drive: 100 nets new
«nd second-hand double and single Hanw,
Saddles. Bridles. "Whips. Robes, etc.; also f^o-
story Building, with elevator. Furniture and
Carpets of a 4-room fiat: the, building fronts on
two streets: the ground rent only t-0 p**r month:
the fiat alone worth the amount. This Is a.
grand opportunity for some to ensag<* In * flr.<»
paying business at once, as the good, will. bu!W-
ing and contents are cut loose to the highest
bidder and must be sold. It will pay lntensllr.g
purchasers to wait for this sale, as they will
surely secure some grand bargains.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALESWill Manufacture ywine.
OAKLAND, May 21.— Articles of incor
poration were filed to-day by the Califor
nia Flax Mills, with a capital stock of
$10,000. The following directors have sub
scribed to the stock! . John Rutherford
$5000 ,"• William Rutherford, $2000; J. Y. Mil
linger, $500. The corporation will carry
on the manufacture of twine. *"
Abbi« "Wood's Contract.
Arcum-::* in the suit by which Abbie
Hose Wood seeks to recover $10,000 from
the Mtate of h<>? late husband. Joseph M.
VFood. v.-as argued and submitted for de
?^ lo^ yi "-' A^y- Mrs, Wood claims $10.
000 ficrn deceder.tn estate under the
YuJ^aS: a P re " n uptial contract in which
the dor-eased a^-rn-d to give her the sum
r f, m i.' d *", ¦' v " :; V h " lrado no claim upon
other port.ons of his property.
OAKLAND, May 21.— Fearful that she
would try to kill herself during an insane
delirium, Mrs. Eunice Partridge, a widow,
u0 years of-age, gave herself into the cus
tody of the Lunacy Commissioners to-day.
The demented woman was rational enough
to explain that she had been an Inmate
of asylums for the Insane several years
ago She had a premonition that her mind
was failing again and that she was Buffer-
Ing from a form of suicidal mania. The
woman has been residing at the Palmer
House. The ' Commissioners recommended
her for commitment to a State hospital.
SOUGHT AN. ASYLUM
TO PROTECT HER LIFE
OAKLAND. May 21.— John McKeen is
under arrest upon suspicion of being the
thief who stole a horse and bu^gy Satur
day evening owned by Bello-Oudrey.
When McKeen was first arrested he es
caped from the police by jumping from a
second-story .window. He was recap
tured by Detectives Kyte and llamerton.
McKeen is suspected of having stolen the
family Bible from his home and with
having pawned it to buy opium. «
Suspe'cted of Horse Stealing.
The Orard Jury went before Presiding
Judge liahis yrr-tcrday and returned an
Indictment againpt William T. Wykes,
charging him with frlony embezzlement.
J'i'lgc J;;ihrs ordered a bench warrant for
t!:c- arr<:-;t of ihe accused and fixed his
bonds a1 53903. Police Sergeant Ellis left
yesterday f-jr St. I^ouis. where Wykes
•was arrested; to brtoc him here for trial.
"William T. Wykes Indicted.
At tbc Methodist ministers' meeting,
bcid y< sterday. Rev. I>r. Coyle reviewed
the Ecumenical Council recently held in
the i:ast. Rev. \V. \V. Case, Bcv. W. M.
Woodv.ard and Rev. A. C. Bane v. r ere ap
pointed a committee t<"> consult with other
evangelical bodies and arrarnje for a mis
sionary conference. Rev. Dr. Puddefoot
<¦: Denver addressed the Presbyterian
DinUlers on "The Sources cf Danger in
the- Great Cities."
"wFeekly II ec ting of Ministers.
The Grand Army will attend special ser
vices Sunday evening. May 27, at the First
Congregational Church.
The committee represents the Grand
Army posts and auxiliary organizations
of Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. The
parade will be made by State militia, the
Grand Army, Sons of Veterans and other
civic bodies. The line of march will be
Fourteenth, Broadway and Washington
streets. Junior Vice Commander J. H.
Smith of Lyon Post, as grand marshal,
has appointed the following staff: Chief
aid, Past Commander Dr. C. E. Lancas
ter; aids. Past Commanders L. S. Bixby,
George A. Norton. G. A. Blank and J. R.
Fitch of the Sons of Veterans.
OAKLAND, May 21.— The programme
for the observance of Memorial day will
include a parade, exercises at the Grand
Army plat in Mountain View Cemetery in
the morning and at the First Methodist
Church during the evening.
FOR THE OBSERVANCE
OF MEMORIAL DAY
President Wheeler arid the heads of de
partments propose to rill vacanctes In the
faculty with graduates of the University
in all cases where it is possible. It is be
lieved Btudents will be encouraged to pur
sue their work more earnestly.
Willard G. Parsons, one of the com
mencement speakers of the last graduat
ing class of the University of California,
will leave next Wednesday for Europe,
where he Intends devoting a year or two
to advanced studies in Greek, Latin and
classical philology. Much of his time will
be spent at the Universities of Oxford and
Berlin. • •
BERKELEY, May 21.— George Boke and
Albert Miller, both graduates of the Uni
versity of California, have been appoint
ed to positions in the faculty. Mr. Boke
has been made Instructor in jurisprudence
and Mr. Miller professor of finance.
ALUMNI APPOINTED
TO FACULTY POSITIONS
Catherine I^abiancbe, who has been sep
arated from her husband. Henry La
bian'-he. proprietor of a restaurant at 137
Stockton street, appeared in Judge Ca
banitf* court yesterday on a charge of
ai?arilt with a deadly weapon. She went
to her husband's living rooms. above the
restaurant Sunday night and afjier abus
in^ him struck him on the hea.<l with a
bottle.
Hit Him With a Bottle.
E. Mohrig. proprietor of a cyclery at
Sl2 Baker stroot, swore out warrants in
Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday for the
arrest of \V. S. Eastman and George
Kastman on a. charge of grand larceny.
They eax?h hired a. bicycle from Mohrig
on ilay 17 and rode to Renicia, where
they tried to sell the wheels. The police
here were r.otiSiod and the Eastmans
were placed under arrest. Detective
< "rocket t left for lienicia yesterday to
hrins them back.
Arrested at Benicia,
William Cronin, the ex-convict, cap
tnrcd a week ago by the police after a
d'sperate fight on a Kearny street car,
appeared in the United States District
Court yesterday morning, with his pal.
George Ui« iTendorf, to plead to the in
dictxaent chargirg him with committing
burglary on the postom>e at Benicia. Dief
fendorf pleaded not guilty.
"I'm de guilty one, Jedge," said Cronin.
'"Dt- young fellc-r didn't have r.uthin ter do
w!d it."
Cronin's plea -was entered as "g-uilty."
He was ordered to appear on Saturday
forwntence. .
Burglar Cronin Pleaded Guilty.
The Search Warrant Case Against
Mrs. Louise Kelso
by Judge Cabaniss.
Mrs. Annette Louise Harbidge-Maris
tany, ex-proprietor of the Alameda Cloak
House, had another point scored against
her In the legal fight with Mrs. Louise
Kelso, or Mrs. Laura Walsh, and Mary
Donnelly, or Mrs! Mary Hilborn. She lost
the search warrant case in Judge Ca
baniss' court Saturday against Mrs. Hil
born and yesterday she lost the search
warrant case against Mrs. Kelso.
Mrs. Kelso was accused of stealing
about $450 worth of goods from the Ala
meda store during Mrs. Maristany's ab
sence in the East. When Mrs. Maristany
left for the East she put Mrs. Hilborn
in charge of the shop and Mrs. Walsh in
charge of the house. Mr. Maristany being
general boss. Mrs. Maristany alleged
that after her departure Mrs. Kelso and
Mrs. Hilborn poisoned her husband's mind
against her and got him to sell off the
stock and they took -advantage of the op
portunity to enrich themselves.
Mrs. Kelso testified that all of the arti
cles recovered from her rooms at 1520
Geary street were given her by Mr. Maris
tany, because she had not received any
money for her six weeks' services. Miss
Miller, a friend of Mrs. Kelso. testified
that she saw Mr. Maristany gfive Mrs.
Kelso several articles of crockery ware
in dispute, and Mrs. Hilborn calmly testi
fied that she saw Maristany give Mrs.
Kelso all of the other valuable articles,
including cloth, skirts, waists, suits and
trimmings. Maristany got excited and
called Mrs. Hilborn a liar. He was repri
manded by the Judge and said no more.
The Judge, after listening to the recrim
inations among the women, said the case
was too complicated for him, as there
was apparently too much lying and he
would aismiss it, advising the parties to
go into the civil courts.
Mrs. Kelso had given Attorney Dinkel
spiel, who represented her, a bill of sale
for the goods in payment of his fee, and
Mrs. Maristany's attorney at once applied
for a writ of replex'in. The matter was
adjusted by Judge Cabaniss allowing Mrs.
Maristany to take an inventory of the
goods so that she would know what they
were in any subsequent proceedings;
Uinkelspiel took the two cases away with
him. agreeing to keep them Intact until
the matter was disposed of. He threat
ened to have Mrs. Maristany indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury for opening let
ters addressed to Mrs. Kelso, which were
found in Mrs. Maristany's possession.
SECOND POINT SCORED
AGAINST MRS. MARISTANY
The widow, who calls herself Caroline L.
Dutra, has petitioned the Superior Court
for letters testamentary in the estate. She
alleges that the property left by him is
¦worth about $2100. The heirs are. the
widow and three small children.
Sampson was an old resident of JSden
township, where he was prominent in
business and politics. He was one of the
best known members of the Portuguese
Union of San I-eandro. It was decided by
a Coroner's iury that he was insane when
he took his life.
"Death Is preferable to life In misery,"
according to the last will and testament
of Joseph Sampson, the Ashland farmer
who committed suicide several days ago
by hanging himself to the rafters of his
barn. The will, which is short., was writ
ten by Sampson a few hours before he
took his life. It is written with an in
delible pencil on a scrap of note paper
and shows the disordered condition of
Sampson's mind when he executed the
document. The strange instrument reads
as follows:
"Death is preferable to life in misery,
but I blame no one other than myself.
"Whatever 1 may leave, give to my wife
and children. My carcass give to medicos
if they will accept of it. May God for
give and have mercy unto me, also all of
those against whom I have acted, as I
do forgive everyone."
J. S. SAMPSON or Dutra sometimes.
"Peace and innocence sleep while evil
roams."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 21.
The Suicide Left an Estate Worth
About Twelve Hundred Dollars
to His Wife and Three
Children.
Joseph Sampson Preferred
Death to Life in
Misery.
STRAHGE WILL
OF A MAN WHO
HANGED HIMSELF
Lange's Mother-in-Law Objected.
OAKLAND. May 21.— Fred W. Lange,
the well-known baseball player, was to
day appointed puardian of his daughter,
Dulcie Lanpre, 8 years old. Lange's moth
er-in-law, Mrs. Adeline Tyack. opposed his
appointment. When placed on the stand
in his own behalf Lange stated that his
mother-in-law had been a constant cause
of trouble to him. After Mrs. Tyack had
been heard Judge Greene issued letters of
guardianship to Lange, with a bond ol
$1200. The child has an income of $250 a
year.
Suit to Recover Taxes.
OAKLAND, May 21.-The Union Savings
SCHOOL BOARD
GUARDS AGAINST
TUBERCULOSIS
Consumptive Teachers Are
Barred by the Oakland
Educators.
Pedagogues Will Be Subjected to a
Rigid Test to Ascertain Their
Physical Condition — Af
flicted Must Go. /
.OAKLAND, May 21.— The Oakland Board
of Education has placed an embargo upon
consumption in the public schools, and
hereafter no person will be allowed to
teach In the educational institutions of
this city who is afflicted with tuberculosis.
The Board of Education decided upon this
measure at a meeting this evening. There
was no discussion, and the vote for the
adoption of the regulation was unanimous.
The ordinance had been in the hands of
the board for some time, and its passage
had been agreed upon. That portion of
tho ordinance submitted by the Board of
Health which prohibits the attendance at
school of children afflicted with tuberculo
sis was not passed, but will come up at
some future meeting for consideration.
Teachers In the employ of the city who
are suspected of having the disease must
subject themselves to a test for tuberculo
sis. On the result of the test will depend
their retention in the School Department.
The same measures will be taken in regard
to the children as soon as an ordinance
can be prepared to cover their case.
The contest for the office of principal of
the Tompkins School, vice Professor Ed
win Markham, caused considerable dls
cussion. The recommendation of the
classification committee that J. C. Gilson
be appointed to the position was presented
to the board, but when it came to a vote
Directors Price, Powell, Russ, Randolph
and Wakefield, who voted for the ap
pointment of Gilson, were opposed by a
like number— Directors Gray, Knox, Men
ges, Wilcox and Reddington. The vote
was a tie and no principal was elected.
Those who voted against Gilson declared
that they did so because they did not
want to go on record against Miss Wal
ton, another aspirant for the position.
Gilson's supporters explained their posi
tion by saying that they were opposed
to women principals in schools where
there are more than six grades.
Prizes for Athletes.
OAKLAND, May 21.— The members of
St. Mary's College Athletic Association
presented a gold locket and fob last even
ing to E. Butler, the association's presi
dent. The winners of the field day events
were given their prizes. Among the
awards was a gold medal to C. Ryan,
winner of the 100-yard dash, and a silver
medal to J. de Leon for the 440-yard dash
and maiden race.
FALLS FORTY
FEET AND IS
STILL ALIVE
Girl Drops to the Bottom
of a Well in Dimond
Canyon.
Hauled Out by Picnickers Who
Luckily Hear Her Cries for As
sistance — Her Injuries Are
Not Serious.
Oakland Office San Francico Call,
1118 Broadway, May 21.
While picnicking in Dir.iond Canyon yes
terday Mary Viera, 16 years old, residing
at Elmhurst, stepped Into an abandoned
dry well and fell forty feet to the bottom,
just missing a plank which was sticking
up in the well.
That the girl was not instantly killed
was considered a miracle by her rescuers,
who were attracted by the faint cries for
assistance which they heard. She was
very badly bruised and cut, but suffered
no serious external injury. After the girl
had been hauled out of the pit she fainted,
but up to that time she had maintained
her presence of mind sufficiently to assist
the rescuing party in their work.
"Walter Dyke, a clerkin the freight office
of the Southern Pacific Company in San
Francisco, his wife and some friends were
near the well at the time of the accident.
They did not see the girl fall, but were
close enough to hear her screams, which
came faintly from the bottom of the well.
Dyke was lowered into the well, and ihe
fastened the rope about the girl so she
could be drawn up. Then the party, rein
forced by other picnickers in the canyon,
dragged Dyke out. The girl was not af
fected by the shock until after she was
?afe above ground. Then, under the ner
vous strain, she collapsed. The physicians
in attendance upon Miss Viera do not be
lieve she sustained any severe internal In
juries, although there is a possibility that
the shock may result more seriously than
now seems probable.
COUNCIL BARS OUT
THE SURETY COMPANY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 111S Broadway, May 21.
The City Council decided to-night that
the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland shall no longer be allowed to
act as surety for any employe of the city
of Oakland. This action was taken ba
cause of the stand of the company with
regard to its alleged liability on a bond
furnished to the city by Roland W. Snow
while he was Auditor and ex-offlclo As
sessor.
When suit was filed against Snow and
his sureties for the collection of money
alleged to have been Illegally withheld,
the Fidelity and Deposit Company filed
an answer declaring irresponsibility in the
matter. It was stated that as the clty
was in the possession of nothing to. show
that such a bond ever existed the surety
company refused to be considered a party
to the suit. This action was taken be
cause It was learned that the bond fur
nished the city had been lost.
A resolution was introduced by Council
man Rowe, declaring the bonds forfeited
of any city official whose surety was the
Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary
land and prohibiting the company from
again appearing on the bond of an em
ploye of the city* of Oakland. The reso
lution was adopted unanimously.
Councilman Cuvelller submitted a report
of his conference with A. W. Von Schmidt
of the 1 Lake .Tahoe and San Francisco
Water Works with regard to a water sup
ply for Oakland. He said that the city of
San Francisco would probably purchase
the rights of the water company and this
city could purchase water at a reasonable
rate from the city across the bay. Oak
land would be directly on the pipe line
and might easily be supplied.
City's Answer to Water Company. '
. OAKLAND, May 21.— The answer of the
city of Oakland to the suit of the Contra
Costa Water Company will be a general
denial' of the allegations contained in the
complaint filed by the corporation. The
trial of the case will not be commenced
for some time, as Superior Judge Hart
of Sacramento, who is to preside, Is a del
egate to the Republican convention at
Philadelphia, and will not return from the
East until after. Its adjournment.
Death of Henry Smythe.
OAKLAND.- May 21.— Henry :¦ Smythe.
proprietor of .- agricultural works at San
Lorenzo and a resident of that district for
thirty years, died to-day from the effects
of a stroke of apoplexy.
Mrs. Merritt will receive, according to
the compromise of the partition suit, a
llfp Interest in property on Market street
valued at $50,000. but encumbered by a
mortgage for $7500.
According to the answer filed by James
P. Merritt, he denies that he deserted his
wife. If there was any desertion, he says,
It was on her part. He admits that he
and his wife separated in August, 1897,
but claims that it was because Mrs. Mer
ritt insisted Upon living at the home of
her parents. He states that he has al
ways been willing to provide a home for
her if she would but leave her parents.
Merritt does not oppose his wife's peti
tion for the custody of the children.
ages she Is more fitted to be their guard
ian than their father. No alimony is
asked, and it is set forth that there la no
community property.
In her complaint Mrs. Merritt asks for
a divorce on the ground of desertion. She
alleges that she and James P. Merritt
were married August 26. 1S91. Six years
later, she charges, her husbanffPwillfully
and without cause left her and has since
continued to live apart from her, thus de
serting and abandoning her. She asks
for the custody of the two minor chil
dren, claiming that as they are of tender
The attorneys for Merritt had been noti
fied beforehand that Mrs. Merritt would
apply for a divorce and they were ready
with the defendant's answer as soon as
the complaint was filed. When the parti
tion suit was called this morning Attor
ney H. C. McPike, for Mrs. Merrttt. filed
with Clerk Pugh a complaint asking for
a divorce. McPike was followed immedi
ately by Merritt's counsel. Attorney Bos
ky, who tiled the defendant's answer. It
was agreed to allow the partition suit to
go over one week, when the compromise
between the Merritts with regard to the
disputed property can be completed. The
hearing of the divorce case will be com
menced to-morrow morning before Judge
1118 Broadway, May 21.
mRS. MARY WEBSTER MER
RITT filed suit to-day for a di
vorce from James P. Merritt.
She alleges that Tier husband has
deserted her. This move adds a new
phase to the legal battle which is being
carried on between them in the Superior
Court of Alameda County. I
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
WARRING PARENTS AND
THEIR CHILDREN.
After having their fill of Horst the
swarm made it warm for a trotting horse
belonging to Henry Wlchman, which was
tied in a lot a block away from the scene
of the first onslaught. The frantic ef
forts of the .horse to shake the bees off
attracted the attention of the coachman.
Fred Schrieber, who tri^d to assist the
animal with the business^nd of a broom.
Schrieber saw things coming his way then
and made tracks for the barn, receiving
a number of remembrances from the bees
himself.
The unfortunate's face, neck and head
swelled to immense proportions after the
encounter. He was unable to see, as his
eyes were closed, his brother having to
lead him home. A physician was sum
moned to attend the wounds and prescribe
against bloodpoisonlng.
"It must have been over an hour that I
fought before attracting my brother's at
tention," said Horst to-day. "I don't
know what would have happened If as
sistance-hadn't reached me."
The mask slipped off at a critical time,
exposing his face to the attacks of the
bees. Thousands alighted on his flesh and
sent their deadly little weapons home.
Horst tried to brush the insects off with
his gloved hands, throwing sand on them
and running through brush, but they kept
a-comlng. Finally, after a prolonged
light, Gustave. an elder brother, discov
ered Horst'3 plight. Directing him to a
hose, he turned a strong stream of water
on his brother and soon had the bees
beaten off.
Horst is interested In bees and puts In
his leisure time on the several swarms
which compose his apiary. He prepared
yesterday to remove the honey from one
of the hives. He was fully protected
against the objections of the bees, hav
ing provided himself with canvas cloth
ing and a mask for the face. All would
have gone well with him if an unforeseen
accident had not occurred.
ALAMEDA. May 21. — For over an hour
yesterday afternoon young Harry Horst
battled with a swarm of bees at his api
ary, 902 Santa Clara avenue, and before
he finally got rid of the enraged Insects
had been rendered blind by their stings.
The same bees that attacked Horst
alighted on a valuable horse and when
the coachman, Fred Schrieber, attempted
to drive them away they turned on him.
His Brother Finally Goes to His
Rescue With a Hose and a
Strong Stream of
Water.
Harry Horst Fought for an
• Hour to Shake the
Insects Off.
MADE BLIND BY
THE ATTACKS OF
SWARM OF BEES
The question of a monthly allowance
for the support of Mrs. Fink and her
daughter will come up for consideration
before Judge Hall on June 2. It is not ex
pected that a contest will ensue over the
amount to be paid, but that an amicable
settlement will be made and the troubles
of the Fink family be closed in the legal
calendar.
The suit of Fink against Fink, who Is
a well-known commission merchant of
San Francisco with a handsome home in
Alameda, was stubbornly fought by the
husband. Soon after the filing of the
complaint charging him with cruelty, he
came forward with an answer accusing
his wife of being too gay for a married
woman of her years. She was accused
of ignoring Fink and accepting the com
pany of other men. A number of letters
and photographs were placed in evidence
by Fink in an attempt to prove his allega
tions. The case was heard behind closed
doors.
When the decision was announced Fink
left the courtroom In company with his
counsel, Attorneys Reed and Frick. He
wore a broad smile of satisfaction, seem
ing pleased at the turn of affairs. v
A few moments later the plaintiff, ac
companied by her attorney, H. C. Mc-
Pike, and her daughter, who had been on
her side all through the trial, left the
Courthouse.
"You have chesen your paths and you
must continue to travel them," said the
court. "Both you, Mrs. Fink, and your
husband are at fault in this matter and
I do not consider that you are entitled to
a divorce from him. The faults of each
of you have been aggravated by the ac
tion of the other. The charges of ex
treme cruelty made by the plaintiff are
not substantiated. The petition for di
vorce is denied."
Mrs. May E. Fink was denied a divorce
this afternoon by Judge Hall. She sought
a separation from her husband, Alonzo
W. Finjc, on the ground of extreme cruel
ty. In denying the divorce, Judge Hall
took occasion to roundly score both par
ties to the suit. He said that they were
both to blame for the present condition
of their domestic affairs and that the
wife was not entitled to a decree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 21.
The End of a Sensational Trial, in
Which Photographs and Letters
Played Important Parts in
the Evidence.
Judge Hall Roundly Scores
the Couple and Dis
misses the Case*
NO DECREE OF
DIVORCE FOR
MRS, MAY FINK
next.
A. Ruef moved that the subject be re
ferred to the executive committee and ad
visory committee for joint action, with
instructions that a report be submitted at
the next regular meeting of the County
Committee.
A. B. Truman opposed hasty action. He
did not fancy the plan proposed by the
committee, believing that the Republican
voters would organize without assistance.
Adrian Smith, I. J. Truman Jr., George
\V. Pennington, James A". Wilson, Augus
tus Tilden. I. J. Aschheim. George J.
Boyne and J. J. Morehouse participated
in the discussion. It was finally resolved
to ref.-r the sii*>ject matter to the two
committees named by Mr. Iluef and that
a plan of organisation in the various dis
trict b<- submitted on Wednesday, June
ti. The meeting then adjourned.
Democratic Committee.
The Democratic County Committee, con-
Fistinp <¦{ four members from each as?em
\ y district and forty members at large—
112 all told— will meet for the first time at
B'iraJ B'rftta Hall this evening. Jasper
McDonald, chairman of the Democratic
Qventlcn of K/.' t appointed the commJt
teemen at large. Delegates to tHe con-
Uon which nominated James D. Phe
i :i for Mayor selected the delegations
from their respective Assembly districts.
Y .- committee was created to perpetuate
the reign of Phelanism. but the Mayors
course since the election has disgusted
»:::;:¦> < f the corr.mittcemon. It is known
that Jasper Mcl><mald and Gavin McN'ab
have strong supporters in the committee
and if they should give the hint Phelan
orould not be recognized by the organiza
tion.
A committee will be appointed to-night
to prepare a plan for creating a county
convention. The local convention no creat
e.l wili elect delegates to the Democratic
£ mtf* Convention to Sacramento and the
last named body will choose delegates to
?•-present California at the Democratic
Xational Convention called to assemble at
Kansas City on July 2t. The names of
Stephen M. AVhite. James G. Maguire,
Jamee D. Phelan and Daniel Ostrom are
written on the slate for delegates at large.
Republican Delegation.
The California delegation to the Repub
lican National Convention will meet at the
Palace Hotel to-morrow afternoon and
make arrangements for the trip to Phila
delphia. It is common talk that George
A. Knight will be chairman of the dele
gation.
advisory board.
cm motion of John J. Curry the by-laws
Were amended, tixing the time of regular
meetings <-:; the n'rst Wednesday of each
month. A motion to appoint a campaign
committee was defeated. A resolution di
recting the executive committee to for
mulate a plan of district organization call
ed uut a spirited discussion. -John F.
A hem r< marked that ihe advisory com
mittee had outlined a plan at a meeting
held early in the evening. There was some
desire on the part of members for infor
mation concerning the proposed plan and
the spoke.-:nan of the advisory commit
tee read the resolution which was con
sidered at the early meeting. It is pro
posed in the plan that a club shall be
organized in each Assembly district. In
aduition to president, two vice-presidents
mid one secretary, there shall be an fn
roiiing committee of live members. The
plan contemplates the enrollment of Re
publican voters, and active work in behalf
of early registration, .v) that the enrolled
Republicans may vote at the primary
tlectiua on the second Tuesday of A.ugusL
The Republican County Committee, Al
fred Bouvlcr chairman, met last evening
at Bbiela Hall. The chair announced that
the vacancy in tl:e Thirty-fourth Assem
bly.District caused by the resignation of
J. K. C, tiobbs bad been rilled by the ap
pointment of Ralph L. Hathome. The
announcement was made that I. B. Dal
ziel had been appointed a member of the
Democratic County Committee Meets
To-Night to Devise a Scheme for
Appointing Delegates to a
Local Convention.
Republicans Discuss Plans
for Assembly District
Clubs.
EARLY WORK TO
SET READY FOR
THE PRIMARIES
WOULD NOT LEAVE HER
HAPPY HOME FOR HUBBY
Since the university closes Thursday
and there is nothing till the following
Wednesday it is likely that some of the
seniors may leave for home as soon as
their work is finished, and have their de
grees forwarded to them by mail.
Friends of the university on the scene
are working in the hope of amicably set
tling the matter to-morrow with the dis
affected students.
A motion to make up the deficiency by
an assessment was hopelessly lost. All
contracts for music, decorations, printing,
etc., were revoked.
When the student managers presented
the facts to ihe class at a meeting this
afternoon that body voted almost unani
mously to drop everything which it had
under way for commencement week exer
cises.
As Briscoe's was the leading role there
is now no time to train a substitute.
Hence, so the disaffected students claim,
the faculty's order virtually means no
farce. The class was depending on the
receipts from the play to partially defray
the heavy expenses of senior weeK. With
out it there is no money to carry through
the programme which had been planned.
The cause of all the trouble arose over
the name of John S. Briscoe, lormerly a
Stanford student but who Is no longer
connected with the university. Briscoe is
tlie auihor of the farce, which was select
ed from three competitors. All went well
till last Saturday, when the faculty cem
mittee on student affairs discovered tor
the Jirst time the fact that Briscoe was
to have any part in the play. They de
creed then that he should not take part,
as he is not a student of the university.
This mean? that there will be no festivi
ties unless the matter is compromised.
The senior ball, all the receptions and
even the elegant "promenade" concert
upon the quad, which is a distinctively
Stanford affair and by far the prettiest
event of the year, are called off. So in
jured do some of those who are about to
graduate feel, that it is said they have
refused to play the annual baseball game
with the [acuity. Some of the com
mt-ncement addresses may not reach trie
ears of those for whom they are intended.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 21.—
Angered by the action of the faculty
committee in excluding J. S. Brlscoe,
ex-'Oo from the cast of his farce, "To
Have and to Lose," which was to have
been presented here next Thursday even
ing, the class of 1900 to-day voted to dis
pense with all cicss exercises during com
mencement week.
J=r*?eial DiFpatch to The Call.
Owing to Faculty's Action on Bris
coe's Play the Annual Addresses
May Be the Only Feature
of the Week.
Formal Action Taken by the
Seniors at Stanford
University.
COMMENCEMENT
FESTIVITIES TO
BE ABANDONED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY Z2, t isOO.
Bank commenced suit to-day against the
county of Alameda for the recovery of
$306 01 alleged to have been illegally col
lected by the coonty as taxes on bonds
and franchises held to be non-asseasable.
It is the contention of the bank's attorney
that the Assessor erred when he held
the bonds and franchises amenable to tax
ation. The Oakland Bank of Savings In
stituted a similar suit several days ago.
Telephone Cases Continued.
Owing to 'he illness of Judge Frit* the
thrpo cbarrcs .-.gainst John I. Sabin man
Hger. and Fred \V. Eaton, secretarv'nf tv.»
Pacific TOphone and T«SS£g %j**
pany preferred by Tax Collector Scott
SeX^ yestcrday tQr a we <* #
OAKLAND, May 21. — Captain Henry G.
"Williams has filed a demurrer to the suit
for dlvorcs brought by his wife, Amelia
V Williams. The objection to the com
plaint is made on technical grounds. Wil
liams Is serving six months in the Coun
ty Jail for beating his wife because she
dared to ride her bicycle without his per
mission. " 2 - .L'-JL
Suit wa s filed to-day by Josle M. Bard
well, who asks for a divorce from Arthur
W. BardwelL The , plaintiff alleges de
sertion. • ' _
Captain Williams Demurs.
££¦££ ™ W "* Cd *° hav< - been caused by
3 ( >'l Hlimoro street -it 1 „•>,,:,
Fire in a Drug Store.
Rural &ail. Service.
OAKLAND. May 21.— Rural mall deliv
ery has been established In a district coy
eriner twenty miles In the vicinity of Hay
wards A hundred families will be given
the service. The mall boxes for letters
and packages will be placed at Hograft's
corner, Vogt's corner. Independence
School, Meek's corner and Cemetery and
Kelly avenues. There will be. a dally de
livery and collection of mail matter over
the district.
Barn Burned.
OAKLAND, May 21.— Fire early this
morning destroyed a barn at 859 Isabella
street, owned, by J. E. Elmqulst.
9
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
OF THE OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE OF THE
IldUUlldl SHU dpi iHgllUlil Marina
INSURANCE COMPANY INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IX THE STATE OF COX- f\ F SPRINGFIELD. IX THE STATE nw
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December. V^ Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decemtwi^
A D. 1S99, and for the year ending on that A. D. 18D9. and for the year endin* on tha*
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner day. as made to the Insurance Commission^
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- of the State of California, pursuant to t ha
visions of sections 610 and 6U of the Political visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed aa per blank furnished by tho Code, condensed as per blank furnUhed by th«
Commissioner. Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
CAPITAL. Amount of Capital Stock, paid op f n
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la Cash n.500.900 to
"»* • •»- 000 -° 00(W ASSETS. = '
Real Estate owned hy Company.... $1M.4O© 0*
ASSETS. Loans on Bond and Mortgage 647 800 00
Real Estate owned by Company |87.m « 3 «„ M
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 7M.040 00 Amount of Loans secured by Hedpi
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
Ronds owned by Company 2.907.86S 00 able securities as collateral 89.5-3 m
Cas^ in Banks 231.618 H gash a Company's Of nee 17.513 U
Premiums In due Course of Collec- gtS,™ £{ ?a R "d" Veered "on "all 5S
tlon 43S,«7 18 Stocks and Loans M393a>
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Tea: Assets $4.M1.316 83 , and Mortgages 18.135 S3
' Premiums in due Course of Collec- '
tlon jr» 934 m
LIABILITIES. Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
Losses Adjusted and unpaid J80.811 9« *°r Fire and Marine Risks, rents
Lowes in process of Adjustment or Due%r?m '"hS^companies" VoVV,: W * 17
In Euypens* I »- foj '» insurance on losses already paid... 3 fris Sfl
Losses resisted, includtns exp-nses.. 15.J3O 63 -W5 w
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- . Total Assets I4.9C6.933 C1
nlng one year or less. J 1.573. 753 10; ttatuttttf<» ' ~
, re-Insurance 50 per cent • 7S7.S7I 55 , iJt . "~, BILIT 7P-
<Uss premiums on F.re R.sk, run- \g~ tf^Sg-^S ISSSfa* or «
nlnu more than one year. J1.938.- Jn Suspense 129 J35 33
4S2 83; rc-insurance pro rata 996.191 47 Losses restated. Including expenses.. i',S0l 13
All other demands against the Com- Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nanv 1*7 43* i» nlng one year or less, $1,233,272 22;
v * *"'*'"' " re-insurance SO per cent 617 «JJ tl
Total Liabilities II. 172. Ml 95 G™** premiums on Fire Risk; run-
nine mora than one year. $1,631.-
"73 62; re-insurance pro rata 838.94S 1J
IVCOME Commissions and Brokerage due and
Xet Cash actually r~ecelved'for Fire ? beC ° me dUe ' * w »
premiums $2,1"9,15« 9S Total Liabilities i tl. 7*1.845 73
Received for interest on Bonds and =
Mort&ajres 43.630 88 . „ ,, „ 1KCOME - ' „„.
Received for interest and dividends * et c " h «c tua "y received for Fire
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from R^fveaTrYnt^esV "on" Bond,' 'and 11 - "™ "
all other sources I42.1SS 61 Mortises 39.341 53
Received for Rents 912 11 Received for interest and dl-rjdends
Profit on Bale of Real Estate 1,400 00 on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 142 14." St
- Total Income .S2.369.2SS 56 Received for Rents 4.537 71
Total Income tl.878.86g 6?
EXPEXDrrtrRES. ___________ -
Net *«o«»tP-*> £r "« L°»« <«"- Net amoU5t v^ 0^rZ7i£?£ (h*.
Cludlns tUa.Ool 22. losses of prerl- eluding $173,961 44. losses of previ-
ous years) $1,356,457 43 ous years) Xl.dSH.iVt 4t
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 CO TMrJdends to Stockholders O.0C0 09
Paid or allowed for Commission or . Paid or allowed for Commission or
BrokeraRe 409.495 04 Brokerage 30O.556 6*
Paid- for Salaries, fees and other Paid for Salaries, fees anrl other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 190,134 28 charges for orncer*. clerks, etc... 110.105 13
Paid for State, National and local Paid for State, National and local
taxes 83.036 4} taxes 83,3^73
AH other payments and expendi- All other payments and expendi-
tures 2C9.383 65 tures 216.31S S3
Total Expenditures t2.368.548 83 Tcta! Expenditures .tl.9:n.2<5 2i
Losses Incurred during the year J1.374.S13 97 Losses Incurred daring the year tl.CW.12D S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Xet amount of Risks Net amount of Risks
written during the written during the
year $233,694,938 J2.797.J74 18 year jai.7S4.S2S $2,102,207 S3
Net amount of Risks . , Xet nmcunt of Risks
expired during the expired during the
year 232.220.265 2.616.649 01 .year 1S6.963.515 2.084.322 12
Net amount in force Net amount In force
December tl. 1S99 .3U.S7U25 3,512,236 03 December 11.. 133? 2S2.C66.341 2.SS7.043 Si
JAMES NICHOLS. President. A. W. DAMON, President
.'.).:.- B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. S. J. HALL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, tbla Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
J3d' day of- January. 1900. 25th day of January. 1900.
• FRED B.' SEYMOUR. Notary Public. P. S. BAILEY. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
4O9 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. UI. DORNIN.
Manager, Assistant Manager.
CITY (S. F.) DEPARTMENT:
H.C. AHPEL & CO., Agents,
215 SANSOME STREET. ¦'
Good reason for smiling
'.V - . when you have the supreme
satisfaction of putting on a collar or shirt
done up at the United States Laundry,
with a color and finish on It to suit the
most fastidious, and no rough edges or
torn buttonholes to annoy you. A man is
In luck to-be able to have his linen kept
in such perfect condition as we keep it in
when laundered at the United States
Laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street,
Near PowelL
: Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 4O9 12th' Street.
ADVERTISEMUNTTS.
J?o«ttivel7 ctrrod tyythmo
iattle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsh*
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rexntdy for Dizziness, Nausea, DrowsS*
ness, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowds. . Purely Vegetable. J
Small Pin. Small Doso.
\ Small Priced ]
If yon baren't a regular, healtby movement of tbf
bowels every day. you're sick, or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, in tbesbap«oe
violent physic or pill poison, is dangerous. Th«
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way ox keeping in.
bowels clear ami clean is to taka
mm B^ JKf CATHARTIC
'gggfej^ T*ADE MARK BIOJSTEREO rfgt^
Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Never sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 25c, £0c. Writ*
for free sample, ami booklet on bealtb. Address
Sterllag Bnudy I »pur, I kica**, Soalraal, !Uw Tori. fTT«V
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
6visr? DR. JORDAN'S great*
#flUSE08 OF ANATOMY*
9 mS> 1: '* aA233 " ST-fe~ 6&&TX Z.T.ZO. A
\ X?J The Largest Anatomical Museum in tho \
A JZJ/f' iv World. V> Ea&aetse? or any coovacted g
T mSs 2fl diseaie positively mml hy the oldsu Y
6 ffS i3 S opeoaiiit en tht Coul Est. 36 years.
$ flfS^jJ Da.iSQROAM— PRIVATE DISEASES 0
\ f ffSSfcB toaTOltaticn 1z?~ and srri-rly private. \
Ofi WS ranent p^rvnaUy rr by letter. A A
TO J/ *S H lttta fra m eirery case undertaken. W
mPlf ll* Write for Book. PniLOSOPBYtri
W ¦ U |]V XtKBIAUK, MAILED FRS3. (AT
A Q £|, valuable book for mrnj \
7 OO. JUBDAN dt «,'O.. 1051 AIar!cetSt..8. F. PTHE £AN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1900.
10
tAN FRAXCISCO CALL.
BCSIXESS OFFICE cf The Ban Francisco
tTa.ll. corner of Market and Third streets, open
Ur.til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
EBANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
¦corner Clay; open until 9:39 p. in.
S00 Jlayos street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CM McAllister ctreet; oj>en until 9:30 p. m,
€15 Larkin street; cpen ur.til 9:30 p. m.
JStl Misrion street; open until 18 p. m.
SCI Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open un-
*til • p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open ur.til 9 p. ra.
10M Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. ra.
TCortfcweet cornrr Twenty-second and Kca-
treets; open •ar.til 9 p. m.
MEETING AOTICES.
OLIIOP.NIA Chapter Nc. R. n, A. M.. m
¦will meet THl^ < TUESDAY! EVEN- t\_
INQ. i!ay ft at 7:S» o'clock. I*. M, )ZjZ
end M. j;. iL <iegrf>es. By order of the ' »
U. P. FKA NKL1 X IL DAY. Secretary.
COLDHN GATE Lodge No. So. F. and *
Jl. M.— Meeting THIS iTUESDAY) _*%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. I"Mjrree 2. i£2£
GgQgCE J. HOBE, Secretary. / \
\»ACiriC Ldee No. 13C. F. and A. M., m
m Eddv FU-Meets THIS EVENING. i\
7:30 o'clock. Degree 5. TfeJJ%
GEOnCE I'ENLIXGTON. Secy. f^Sr '
•CFwEXT.M. L-jiip? N<-.- 3 45. F. and A. SI. n
— TMnJ decree Tins (TUESDAY) «¦»
EYKXI.NG at 7:23 o'clock. \tj£f
A. S. HCBBARP. Secretary. T<y>
¦SIS Ca:edi.s>lsn Club will hold its . <y >.
tblrty-tuun h ar.soal gallierinfi and 3, C?\rJ
runet at Shell Monad Park on >^KXi> -
XVKDNI^DAY. May XJ. Th* best
Athletes c' trie Pac'.fe Coast will compete
ier pr;z«*. Over £2^O xr'.ll be distributed.
I'ull taxis for pavilion dancing up ta S
I>. m. BappiJ"'^'* ' OT plat'^rm and fancy
over forty events on proKT»rnnie;
Kfl cr.e. A Highland •we'.c-ome wit'j a full
: <izy (.i pleasure to alL Buy rjund trip ferry
ticket* icr SbcU Mound Park. Admission to
grounds. •<lu!ts. 10c; children. Kc.
SCilE Mtaxion Moxm^ F*a=d «~^*>
«Jcxanv:ttt-e « f Ean Francisco t^*£C$ljr
¦ to.6 orabln/Ml nth the Brit- Zw\iQ W |
Ish BeErvot«.t Society Us »>?1- "^v/-O\ **\^ ¦
?brate the Qo^rTs birthiay rW^wSoTT^W •
. fc»" Clvine ~ t»co3d graaJ BTV W J£-<?r j
<-_neurt ia tbe Metxr>TK>'itnn 8 - \Sf£-x -• V
Traple TinmSDAV KVEX- > w £*33g'£s 1
. XNG. May tv. a flr?i-class iJ^
iriT^jcsd jropraEme, including: ProT. Ho'.raes. '
WaJU«ie A. Eatin. Homer Utnley. Manllcyd ;
• ¦ Jones. Trcf. Veiio. Rcbert Lloyd. Urace L
I liavts. Alrea n»rilini(i. I\ W. iTErmlyn, M- '
3>.. AVTUtazn Orttr Haj-r.ton and her Majesty's
Conru! G»r:«-ral wiU give ad4i-w*ee. Reserved ;
ceats now oa sale at Sherman & Clay's.
\A3OCEAI* meeting— The regular annual meet- !
lpg of th« rtockboJders cf the Olympic SaJt I
Vi~a£er Coropany will be«hel<l at ' SL!7 Market I
*t_. Kaa Kriarisro. Calirornia. o-n MON1JAY. i
the 2*Uj day of J!ay. 1S;». at the hour of 3 p. !
' xs^. lor the purpose o' electing a board of di- i
rectors ta serve for the f-niutng year and the ;
transaction of euch other businena as msy j
«:otne bc««r» the meeting. Tranefer books will J
<-!o*e ci? Friday. Mar IS. 1*<M. at 3 o'clock
T- rs. CHAS. A. «lBt>OX. Secretary.
>NXTr AL meeting-Tr.e regular annual meeting i
d the stockholders of the Independent Elec- i
trick Light and 3'ovrer Company will be held '
»-• tt» offire cf the eomiany, Z27 Market nt.. i
H«.n FVanciFco. Ca».. on MONIiAY. the 2Sth i
• Cay cf >l^y. A. I>. 1500. at toe hour of 11
o'clock «. rr.., tor tbe purpose of electing a ;
fcn*r£ of directors to serve for the ensuing ,
year acd the transaction of such other busi- ¦
r.etf as may <~-ome before'the meeting: truns- j
ftr tjookr will close oa Friday. May 25. ISC*. ,
at i o'clock p. m.
J. M. TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED. , i
/1ENT, msa or woman, to handle r.ew bock; !
salary asd fornciiseioii. Apply <U1 iiontgomry. ;
ASTROLOGY.
1-KOF. A. MAFEKY cf Egypt, preatest a st rol- 1
o^ift and palmi~t in th» world; satisfaction ;
ca»r«inn=i. 15 Powe'' gt. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ir~r- divorce law a f-pfclalty; private: [
nc fee without Fucctff ; collection*. G. W. :
nO^T. atty. at law. SV Market. cor. Stockton. •
H. W. KING. SZ7 Market gt.. room err; all ;
eaFta; co advance charges: call or write.
AJTVICE free; no clianr- unlesi Fuecessful. W. ;
VT. DAVIDSON, i-27 ilarket t-t.. opp. Ma-cn. ¦
1^. 15. rLAKK, Kmma Spreckel* bldg.., S27 Uar- j
ket rt. : consultation frc-e; no fees rn advance. ;
[»ATH CAISIXET — HOT AIH. VAPOIt. j
: door opens; firm
and gxfe. AV. g. BROtVN'. g. n. agt.. 42S Eli's. !
BELGIAN HAKES.
tAx5xSS"lA^i:L<ilA.N"lIA RE ASSOCIATION i
CAPITAL STOCK. JTi.OOO.
A tnorour^Iy reliable and rt-sponslble oom- |
pi3.v, wixt: mare imported and hlgh-claes ani- j
jnali th>n any otijer company or Individual .
ia America.
WANTAGE FOX (Secre 9C): fee toO CO.
. lire. A. IL Hush, rfflcial senrer. says he 1b '
: the rcn^t i/erf«»et buck Fhe ever eoorad.
CHAillU* »N iJl'KJC OK CHESHIRE; Tee JM. |
Englaiid'e latest champion and winner cf 13 '
£r« ur.ses and cold merfal. ... ;
We are new receiving a large number of an- '
!mals direct Tmm England. Watch for our al- !
verUsexneBt of them.
E«tc^:bpr. w» cuaraTitee ell animals anil !
pe<!ijr-ees to be Jutt as we represent them, or t
money rcfusdeil.
GEOKGE A. TOUKO. Manager.
Webster-street Station,
Ntrrow-gacue R. It.. Alameda. Cal. j
S^LOIAN hares just arrived, branch El Dorado j
Kabbitry, lUver»i<Je. Cal. ; for few days only ,
• nviil f.JTer our slock of fine hares, consisting of .
f.ir Styles. Daaboy, Lord Britain. Yukon and :
•Ahers. at from li t 1 — 1 per ctnt discount; dies, 1
1 red, fS up; • British Sovereign does. $iy each; !
<iuee with litur. US; Lord LViinboro doe, 51± j
raonlhs. score 9j. reasonable; young. Jl 50 up; :
remcr.:i-cr th<=»<- prices hold coed only for few
cLays till we are p<>rmacently located. £7 Va-
lencia st., r.ear Market. '
: .AT Tnn HEAD OF OTTTt FTri>-I reported !
FA6HODA KING, by Champion Fashoda. out I
of floe by Pride of York. Choice pedigreed J
' <loes, jis«=t received, at reasonable rates. Our
' rpecisl'.y, rabMrn' f^ppliea of all kinds: nurse
• <5«>r-s rented. Gulden Gat* Belgian Hare Co..
f ( J$-€~A Golden Gate ave.: tel. South 651. O^pn j
Sunday & rvenlnga. Ira Baker Dalziel. prep. |
iTTHOrtot.CIiKIiKri Belgian dees, bred ta Royal j
Sovepei^n, J. ; to £0; to Emperor of Norfolk, j
SI 1 ) to £30; to Ajax <ti£ii?st-scorin& buck in '
America). £20 to &.!»: youngsters, all strain*. 6 I
weeks. $2 5fl; 10 wwk*. $3 ."«: Z month*, ta and !
r: M. Krairooa rt*bbitry, .=30 54th «t.. Oakland. !
¦iJOBS R3bb!tTT. 2S1". Howe St.. Oakland— Thor^ I
oughbrr-'i Ik lglan Hares; breeding doe«; young-
rters for rz.1" frcrn the followiTis strains: Yu- |
'>.¦-:.. Lord Itorh'iaJe. Klondike Nutrget end !
Red Scvereipn; British King at wervice. Vis- i
Stars welcome; 12k* Mountain View r»n«.
-CLAnEiJOXT I>',R;!an Hare Association— Does i
bred to Farhrv'.-t Priri.-e and Itoyal Rochda'e, ¦
flO to 130; t.f^t' Ftrain youngsters, Jl t<j $lj. !
4S3S Telesrra; h ave.. Oakland.
liORD Ftartnflm Chief, imported M.-irch. 1900: ]
score, '.'U'/s; T»«. (IS; breeding does and does 1
with litters. EUREKA KAUr.ITnY.lC16 Turk, i
TRSMONT Bflsicn Hare Co.. 1124 Fillaore ?t.. j
fian FrHneixo". Cal. — Send C e.-ents in Eta.mrs ;
for Tjo-U <n ran- and fretl'Tuz. j
UICYCL,i:s — For snle or Exchange, j
KEW Cleveland Mcycies: b.-tt«r than ever; Hi.
' LCAVITT *i RXL, :09 Larkin St.
-GREAT bavsainfi in second-hand bicycles; from i
15 up; ser.d f.^r lift. LEA V ITT & BILL. 3W '
Larkln tt.. fan Francisco.
• 31AMBLEH tandem; in grw! condition; new
tlrey; v-il] sWi <-h»-ar>. 121 Powell at.
books — sew A> r nToi7ix
'BCnOOI, UOOKS bonctrt cnd^Vxchansed.
Holme* !'..¦¦> Co.. 7*4 MlFflon ft., near Third.
DOOT ASD SHOE: DARGA1XS.
JJARGAJXS. ladies* and children's shoes:drum-
raere' camping t.Tfg. cost. Koh'.hevher, 145 4th. '
i;i>l.\!-ss CHAMJEJ^ !
'?TO my customers anJ friends— I have removed
my rec! e.«tat<* and burinesn agency to 2S J 4
Kearny ml., rooms 9 ind 10. Thanking you for
part imtrnnag*, 1 arsure you that all orders
will I*, as before, promptly attended to. It.
. G. WILKE. j
A— 11250; FALOON. elegantly fitted up; estab
years and *!<.in» a ro;jd pay in* business; place
located clrse f, Palace Hotel; rent J50- lease-
larse ettvk. ¦ fc^t quality: a rare offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2S»i Kearny st.
A— I3T.S; OOFFEE saloon ai-.d chop hnute with
10 furnished rocms: rent low; daily re'c-iDts
t3S. OUI Ii. n. WILKE. M'V Kjarny g?
A— JStf; COnXER salo-m: rent ll87Vhoicest~lfv
cation south of Market st. : place dolnij a good
parity buslr.PF?. but |>artlej» oar.t scree
Call 5. G. WILKE. K'a Kearny at. ' I
A— S3S0; OOBXK8 bran.h hakery^Tnd grocery
Trith 4 Jiving rooms, 0:1 fJenry St.; low rer.i
and pood j.ayins busies?*: a rare chance
Call R. U. WILKi:. 2Vj Kearny st.
A— 1450; SALOON, with Mvinjr rooms: eg tab.
many j-tars and good pcyirisr place: -on Sixth
Ft.; low rent. Call K. O. WILKE. 26V£ Krny.
A— $435: CORNER eaioon. 1 block from Market '
and Stockton ?ts.: net rent tCJ: a rood paying
and old-established business. Particulars R.
g. wilke. rc- Kea^°>;_f^:
A— SSWXI: CORNEIt saloon in wholesale district;
no night or 'Sunday work; 6 years* lease;
place kept by owner 11 vears and clears above
SSf-0 per month: a splendid : offer. - Call 'R.G.
WILKE. 2fj Kearny *U . - - ¦__¦
?1*)— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor buslners;
¦will pay over JCO per month to each yearly.
lidAL'GHUN & CO.. 777>i Market. tV . j
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— $1000— RESTAURANT; hardwood furniture.
." Money-maker •
7 furnished rooms; owner 6 years; dears $125
month. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market at.
A— J3T0— LAUNDRY route clearing $50 a month:
good horse anad wagon; full Investigation and
trial solicited before buying; splendid opportu-
nity. STENBERG CO.. &S5 Market st.
A-$s:.0-UESTAURANT north of Market; many
years established and doing a first-class busi-
ness; will bear investigation: owner compelled
to sell, sickness. STEN33ERG CO.. 935 Market.
A— J430; 3?rar.ch bakery, grocery and notions; 4
blocks from Market St.; 4 living rooms; rent
only S13; bargain. STENBERG CO.. 335 Mkt.
AtRARE OPPORTUNITY EX)R A GROCER.
Corner grocer}' and bar, with 5 furnished liv-
ing rooms; located in the heart of the city;
good live trade; clean stock and fixtures; to-
gether with a newly and elegantly furnished
house cf 8 rooms: all rented to the best of
tenants; rent for all only $40; at a great sacri-
fice' for spot cash if purchased within three
days; owner leaving the city. See M. A,
BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
ASTONISHING opportunity ($5000 will handle
it)— Grand 3-story brick hotel; 75 beautifully
finished rooms; all elegantly furnished; bar,
etc.; corner lot, 100x200 ft.; constantly over-
crowded with boarders and $2-day transients;
Iw-nt city in State: cost and worth $60,W0; free
of debt, b'jt owing to peculiar circumstanoes
is oJTere.l for J12.500; better than stated; it'a
a fool «:ir> doubts without Investigation.
N. I). SICKKLS. the Land Agent, 10 Geary.
$17r. BUYS paying paloon; must sell; polng
East: a Fnap. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
CIGAR-STORE: best in the city; near The Call
building. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
LANE & CO., 865 Market, will sell your lodg-
ing-house or business quickly for cash; list it
with us; be convinced; costs nothing.
TWO re!5aWe men wanted with $200 cash: an
opportunity of a lifetime; draylng, packing
and moving business, with three horses, wag-
ens, etc.; business well established; paying }2C0
]>er month: cwrnr retiring. Apply C. II., room
??. 3S Geary st.
PJO-BAI'.nF.n-SHOP; 2 chairs; good for $l">0
monthly; owner retiring; Hanford, Cal. A.
R.. room C?, 36 Geary st.
RESTAVIJANT; must be sold; party going to
Cape Nome; no reasonable offer refused.
Apply 1589 Oak et.
WANTED— To buy good shoemaUing business;
city or country. Address box 23G9, Call Offlce.
15ARHER-SHOP; 3 chairs; good location:
cheap; proprietor leaving city. 796A Geary st-
SA1X>ON for sale, cheap; good business; 2 doors
from Keamy et. Apply 644 Clay Et.
TOR sale-Home bakery; portable oven and
tools, $X2S. Apply Zi3 Fourth st.
PAKTXER wanted in printing business; a rare
opportunity. 404 McAllister St.
SALOON for Bale, cheap. Apply 1008 Howard
street.
A FTNE chance for a good man to go Into an
old established liquor business aa a partner;
must have the best of references: not abso-
lutely necessary to be a saloon man; this is a
rare chance for the right man. Hox 2S07, Call.
LANE & CO..~8G5 Market, will sell your lodg-
ing house rr business quickly for cash; list it
with us; be convinced; coEts nothing.
FOR sale— Saloon in wholesale district. Inquire
WICHilANN. LT'TGENS & CO.. 31S Clay St.
Jlf' fl — CXGAB stand: cood locality; rare opportu-
nity. Inguire £2 Minna ?t.. during day.
BAllBEn shop for sale, cheap; owner leaving
city. Cor. Railiyul and 7th aves.. South S. F.
A RARK chance to step Into an old established,
payine Er<x;ery business without paying a
bonus; stock and fixtures will be sold at in-
rolcc: owner retiring from business. Inquire
1231 Park Bt.. Alameda.
FOR sale at a bargain— Grocery store, stock and
Ox tut ea; horse, wagen, etc: owner retiring on
aocrrjnt of health of his vrlfe. For particulars
apply TILI.MANN & BKNDEL.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper shoj.; alfii steel range; doing good
business; <?s»ab!Ish<Hi 14 years. 411Vi Califor-
nia St.. EUGENE ROBINET. ,
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran- '!
cisco property; a vrell-Btocked. modern, pay- 1
ing drug Ftore in a good mining town; cash
trade. Tall at 73-1 O'Farrell St.. city.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon near Kearny
an.l Bu?b pt!>. ; must be acid. Apply BACH,
MEESE & CO.. 321 Montgomery st.
CORNER saloon; good transient trade: eight
living rooms all furnished; rent with lease I
$30. ll&S FoIsotq et. ?
FOR rale— The Central Hotel ic Napa. oon-
tainir.g thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
$1?00— CORNER grocery; fine stock; good bar
trade; cash business. Particulars 124 Oak St.
MILK route for sale in San Mateo. For infor-
mation Inquire at 431 Pine sr.
SALOON : good location. Inquire at 504 Kearny
St.. ronra IL /
A RESTAURANT; suitable for man and wife;
good lrx-ation. 2S9 Eighth St.
OOFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
subscriptions has been established at lCSfi Va- I
lenria •'-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions i
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LOE>G1.\G-1IOUSES FOR SALE.
31 ROOMS ON MARKET ST
Only J.TO I
25 rooms on lVash; rent J"'3 $950
30 rooms; in payments $lS00
8-room new flat ?400
Boarding-house for rooming-house.
Ud-room hruse: best on earth $4500
12 rooms: on McAllister st $400
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 $1000
2l-room house on Turk st $750
12 rooms; en best street $4C0
34 rooms; corner: clears $100.'. ...'. $1GOI>
10 rooms; on Jones St.: clears »S3 $400
10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission st J45O
10-room house; new furniture $200
12-room house; on Post Bt $400
IS rooms: on one floor: near Call office... $.")0
30 rroms: on Mason St.: payments $li0
MONET TO LOAN ON ANT HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. iro> Market St.. opp. Fifth.
10 ROOMS, clean, rent $25. N. Mkt $4C0
11 rooms, full of men, r*rjt $2» $125
12 rooroe, central, clears $35. rent J30 $300
IS rooms, clears $60, central, 1 floor $.'50
20 rooms, on Ed. rent $4.">. owner sick $300
25 rooms, cor., rent $85, income $220 12000
30 rooms, ror.. N. Mkt.. money-maljer....$lSQ0
re Moms, hotfl. fine furniture, nice J3000
?.i rcinis. downtown cor., rent $100 11600
Two 20-room houses on Ellis. $C00 and J1C00
4'j r.. clears $:?>. rent ISO. a snap J1600
f> r.. bon ten. clean, clears X1T.0 a mo J2S00
Z~ r., central, pl^ce Is coining gold $1000
]j r. boardinc house. S2T.0 cash, rent $C0.. $S50
MOVF.Y TO WAX ON ANY HOUSE.
St CJIUFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1. nr. Call bldg.
32 ROOMS; must sell: reduced to $S50; see It.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
15 ROOMS; prlre $423: part cash, payments $10
monthly. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market 1 st.
ion ROOMS; J2.V> rash, payments HO monthly;
price rx*>. WINSTON & CO., 1G2C Market Ft.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers-For Rood bargains
ard choice house* so to SCHWEINHAUD &
<X>.. t>17 Market St.. opp. Mason.
r,0 ROOM sunny corner; cheap rent; fine fur-
niture; b'.g ,«nap. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy st.
JlVfHt— 06 ROOMS, all rented; jroo<1 location, near
M.-irket; cent.: rent low. Resile. 3 Eddy st.
J120C — 3H UOOMS. all rented: good location, near
Market; rent.; rent $75 month. Bayile, 3 Eddy.
SMALL sunny lodging-house; low rent; house
fu!!: furniture new. 616 Geery st.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
$£0— Piano box top bugpy. horse and harness.
Csll after 3 p. m., 1211 Greenwich Bt.
ALL kinds of wagons. bue?le«, carts, harneaa,
etc.. cheap. EAOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horsey. ISth & Valencia.
CAIU'ET IIKATIXG A NO C1,HAM.\(J.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 303-2H7 Tehama Et.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Glenn In a; and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister Et.: phone South 145.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam <*nrpet-E»atlng . Works. O. H.
STEVENS, miirr.. 3*-40 Sth St.; tel. South 2D0.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4"3 Ptevenson fit.: tel. South 22S; lowest rate3.
CARPETS clean-d at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jeweie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter stT;
tel. Main 3'.»4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 3SJ Golden
Gate ave. : = telephone East 12<>.
SriKITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister gt.; 10c; come skeptics.
ATTEND Mre. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAllister et., r. 35; admission We.
MRS. STODDARD'S circle Tues. and Thurs •
8 p. m.; 10c; sittings dally. 278 Ninth st.
AT Mrs. Meyer's hall. 3J5 .McAllister, spiritual
test future to-night, 10c; cir. every eve,; sit.
MRS LESTER BAILEY-Cirele this evening,
. 10c; reading dally.. 1204 Fillmore st., nr. Turk.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT Mrs. Meyer's Hall. 335 McAllister, spiritual
test and future to-night, 10c; circle eve; stngs
GO to Watson, the luckiest and truest occult
. medium and palmist; 25c. 1581 Market, nr.l2th.
EDWARD EARLE. 230 Ellis st.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting, Jl. 1104 Market.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
St., may be consulted on all affairs of life;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the. separated: satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; pend stRmp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205
Turk st, near Jones.
MME.LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past.
j luture; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
i secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 23c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 11G7 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
MRS. A. E. BROWER. psychic readings; min-
ing a specialty. 22014 McAllister St.; hours I
to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m.
MME. .'LKNEM A R— Fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted steamship disaster '74. 310 Mason st.
MADAM DENNY, clairvoyant and card reader;
25c and 50c. 752 Bryant St.. near 6th; no sign.
| MISS MELVILLE. Kreat clairvoyant and water
I reader;G«-rman spoken. 321% Mission, op. Mint.
i CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. S2S
1 , Mission st.. near 4th. rm. 3; 25c up; ring bell.
I MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings "dc; no sign.
i MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
I tings daily. 2124 Sixth st.
i MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
j advice; names given; 2oc up- i> Fourth St.
MME. STBIL.I..E — Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CAPE NOME.
PASSAGE to Nome, board and lodging while
there, employment and percentage of profit In
large mining enterprise to four sober, indus-
• trlous men having a few hundred each to in-
vest. Address box 2313 Call.
THE Al steamship Newsboy, for Nome direct;
will sail May 2S. For passage and freight
apply to 41S California st., room 32; telephone
John 1151.
NOME tickets: Garonne and other fast vessels.
3IOFFAT & O'BRIEN, 409 Examiner building.
j HAVE one and only one share in Nome dredger
j for sale: leave in a few days. Box 2379, Call.
I WANTED to buy claims in Cape Nome; owners
I only. Address box 2S23. Call. •
I TICKET for Nome per steamer Humboldt for
sale at 20G Steuart st. '
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
i l^«g successful. Room 310. 927 Market et.
COTTAGES TO LET.
. COTTAGE of 4 rooms: also three unfurnished
j rooms and bath for housekeeping. 923 Shot-
j WPlI St.
DBXTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. J5; a-
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; filllncp. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DKNTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
! AT TheicLECTRO-DENTAL. CLINIC, 809 Mar-
krt st.. cor. 1th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
v.'tthout elates our specialty; gold crowns,
j 13 60 up: p!ates. extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours » a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
: P. m. G. \\\ WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
i DH. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 32 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns. $3: new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 60c: gas given.
I New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission. cor.Gth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— Mo charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over Itke new: teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
IDEAL cold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
Jl. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy fet.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
! VAN VROOM -"Painless"; evenings and Sun-
| days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
I SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
I 1841 Pollo^t. <¦
~~DOG HOSPITALS.
I . . in __ i i ..,_¦._/ ,_, wvwuu^ u>
! PR. M. L. PANCOST'S mange cure and worm
I pillp; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
510 Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
j for contagious diseases. Telephone East 2S7.
1 DR. BUZARD'S Dor Hospital. Po«t, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits Jl 50; all
animals treated: dogs bonrcled. Tel. West 636.
DR. T. H. COOK— Treatment of birds a spe-
cialty; consultation free. Address 220 Third.
DUKSSMAICEttS AM) SEA3IST11ESSKS
MrDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eva. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, 530 Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
I S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
j French tallnj-lng system taught. 411 Van Ness.
I PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st.; dresses
made. $5 un; dresses made over; perfect, fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools. Par-
rott building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr. expert
I accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts: call or send for catalogue.
! HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, ghort-
; hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil. elTtrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
j AYRES', the leading bufin^ss college. 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, tpylng: life
scholarship. $10; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL student? but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
i NKSS COLLEGE. 12?6 Market st.
I ¦ ; .
I CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkln st. :
1 the coming school: thorough; up to date; all
i branches: positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERINO. civil, dec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve. : est. 1SS4.
VAN DE:i_NAILL.EN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporter* "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. J)2 Montgmy.
PROF. MERK1. successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and eultar. 100S Misglon, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine Bt.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and centlemen. O. Sinz, 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor^and Em-
ployment Office furnishes" best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
I JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
b«>!t help furn.: te.1. John 2121. 806*4 Stockton.
CHINESB and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Rest help. 4im O'FarrgH st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT AV ANTED — FEMALE.
REFINED nursery governess desires situation
or as invnlld's nurse, maid or companion;
befet of references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
pirl or second 'work: will do light housework;
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook wants a posi-
tion: 3 years last place; city or country- MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LApY wants sewing and mending , to do at
home, or wouUl bo as housekeeper, city or
country. Call At 116 Sixth St., room 6. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to do house-
work In a small family; good city reference.
2293 Geary »L- ¦¦ -¦"
COMPEXENT young girl wishes to do second
work; wages' $1S to $20. Please call 1422 De-
vlsadero st. .
A GERMAN girl as a first-class cook In' an
American family. Call at 42» Sixth st."
RESPECTABLE person wishes laundry work'
by the day; good worker; city references. Bex
1S15. Calh . . .. ,.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
,_
YOUNG woman understands German and
American cooking; city or country- W9 Web-
Bter at. . '
A COMPETENT woman wants a position as
housekeeper or nurse. 1 Cottage Row, oft
Bush and Sutter, bet.. Fillmore and Webster.
SITUATION wanted by nurse for infant or
growing child; thoroughly competent and
highly recommended. Please call for two days
at 503 Golden Gate ave.
COOK; no objection to country. In family or
farm hands; wages 125. 270 Jessie st.
BRIGHT, experienced young lady desires cler-
ical position; typewriter (no shorthand), ac-
countant, cashier, etc.: temporary or perma-
nent; will substitute. D. G. M., box 2824. Call.
WOMAN desires position aa working house-
keeper or to do general housework. 523 How-
ard st. . .'
YOUNG Swedish woman, first-class references,
would like to take care family house over
summer; if necessary cook for 1 or 2. Ad-
dress box 23S8. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or as cook on ranch: good reference.
MRS. M. LISTON. P. O. box 27, Haywards,
Cal. ¦ •
COLORED woman, first-class cook; would like
situation in an institution or small boarding
house: good references. Address 933 Sacra-
ir.ento st. :-££
WINCHESTER House. 44 Th.rd st.. near Mar-
ket: COO rooms: 25c to $160 nlsht; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencl.t at.
EMl'LOVMEST WASTED MALE.
I A COMPETENT man and wife desire situa-
tions; understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A GOOD and strong young man, aged 16 years,
wishes position as driver of delivery wagon;
familiar with streets. 718 Valencia st.
BUTLER with first-class recommendation
wishes position. J. E. L., box 2810, Call offlce.
ENGINEER and machinist; 34 years of age;
married; used to all kind of repairing; first-
clasa references. Please address box 281S,
Call office.
helper wants situation In city or
country; experienced: with references. Ad-
dress box 2S17. Call offlce.
DRAUGHTSMAN, good tracer and letterer;
experienced with architect and civil engineer
business. Address boVc 2372. Call office. t
RELIABLE young man of 23 wants work of
any kind; half of each day: any time of day
suitable. Box 2S2O. Call offlce.
WANTED by a man around a residence a posi-
tion as gardener or take care horses or any-
thing In general around private residence.
Box 2S21, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position as bookkeeper,
: tlmekepper. assistant bookkeeper or any gen-
eral office work: six years' experience: best
j of references. Address P. O. box 442, Oakland.
i COACHMAN, gardener, useful man, single,
I middle-aged, understanding lawn, flowers,
milking and general work around place: city
or country: references. Please address P. L.,
box 2822, Call. :
COIjORED man wants work as porter in ¦ sa-
I loon; xan cook; knows his business; by the j
! week preferred. Address box 2S25, Call.
;! COLORED man wants work as porter In bar- :
I ber-shop: knows his business. Address box 1
j 2S25, Call.
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general Jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Bailey block, room 2. Dwight
I -way station, Berkeley.
MAN and wife wish situations; man under-
stands dairy work, wife to d.o cooking or gen-
eral housework. 431-433 Pine st.
BAKER and pastry cook desires situation a's
pecond hand or assistant cook In hotel or
restaurant: please state terms. Box 2377. Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
lVUhi Market st. — Examinations free; German
eye water by mall, 50c. Phone Mint 257.
FINANCIAL.
FOR highest paying safe Investments; cash or
installments. Call or write room 1. 36 Geary.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott; finest fiat In
city for the price; investigate: 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A— 7-ROOM flat: corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern improvements. 417% Third st.
ELEGANT 7-room flat; modern Improvements.
2410 Sacramento at., near Webster.
FLAT to let, 4 rooms; rent $12; 362 Ivy ave.
Apply 26? Grove st. •
FELL 2S1— Upper flat. 9 rooms and bath; rent j
_*^ : 1
GREEN 1314. near Larkin — 6 rooms. bath. '¦
j enamel sink; latest Improvements; sunny; $15. ;
I IF you want to move get printed list flats to let ;
j from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. :
I NEAT sunny modern lower flat; 6 rooms and
bath: $25. 1014 Broderick St.. near Turk.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard: base-
ment; modern imp. 1931, 1935 O'Farrell st
OCTAVIA, 610V4— Lower flat, 7 rooms and bath;
rent $18; water free^
SUNNY lower flat; 3 rooms;. $10; save carfare.
3 Pine plnce, off Pine st., near Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly J
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO JiET — FURNISHED.
GREAT SNAP!
Furnishings of new 6-room flat for sale; Hyde
and. Sutter sts. ; nil cash not necessary if re-
sponsible; best Brussels carpets, brass bed,
birdseye maple dressing table, bureau, eie. ;
mahogany parlor furniture, pictures, bedding,
dishes; nothing lacking: been occupied three
weeks: rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE,
1039 Market st
SUNNY, modern 7-room flat. Just finished. 323
Bartlett st. '
fiiimti;ki: FOR sale.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage, only in use 3
months, for % price: rent $10; can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. m. 3122 Twenty-fifth st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUUN1TUUE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your • furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St. : telephone Jessie 7S1.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. (X)DY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy3
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Ited 3359.
' HULP WASTED—FEMALE.
CJL\JkIFWtaLub^o 1L wiit: La Honda; $20; Vood
place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
COLORED cook and dlshwash»r; same hotel:
country: $25 and $15. MISS* CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. '
WOMAN with a child. Gilroy. $10; farfe paid;
easy place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $30; 2 German cooks.
' $30 each; 4 second girls. $25 and $20: Infant's
nurse. $20; cook, first-class notel, San Jose,
$25; dishwasher, same house, $15; middle-aged j
woman 83 working housekeeper, country, $12; ,
German nurse, $20. MISS CCLLEN, 325 Sut- j
ter st. , ' '_;__ !
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
4 waitresses, springs, $20; B waitresses, re-
sort. $20; waitress, San Rafael, $20, see party
hrre at 10:15: waitresses, Madera, fare here;
waitress. Selma. $20; waitress. Vlsalla. Tuo- j
lumne County. Vallejo. San Mateo, Fresno; 5
waitresses, city. $20: 2 pantry women. $6 week,
and $20 per month: waitress, Mill Valley, ?20;
2 pastry cooks, resorts, 435 and $40: fancy '
ironer, summer resort. $35. C. R. HANSEN ;
& CO.. 104 Geary st. '. ' -'
WANTED— German or French cook for family
boarding-house, $40; German cook for family,.
$35; 4 cooks. German style, $20; 15 neat girls
for general housework, $25; chambermaid and
seamstress, $25; second girl. $25; 12 waitresses,
city and, country. $20 and $25; 10 chamber-
maids and. waitresses, hotels. Institutions,
etc., $20 and $25; Ironers. $30. and many
housework servants for country, $25. See J. T,
CROSETT. & CO., 316 Sutter st. ¦
yoi.'NQ . American girl for general housework;
Kirtall; family: $15. 511 Cole Rt., opp. Chutes.
IROXERS and operators wanted at National
Laundry,_411 Sanchez st. - >
WANTED— Young gild: one who wishes to learn
to be a saleslady. 141-146. Sixth st. ;
GERMAN or Swedish girl as housekeeper and
cook. 612 Octavla st. .
GIRLS from 12 to 16 years to help on dress skirts
at once; paid while learning. S6S Mission, r. 7.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; sleep
home. J616A Tuik Bt.
OPERATOR on vests* wanted; $S to $12 a week.
641% Stevenson st. < ¦ .
WANTED— Girls and young . women for , light
..work In laundry. : Apply, this morning be-
' twecn 9 and 10 at 1519 Eddy Bt. •
HELP WANTED— FE 31 ALB.
1 GIRL for general housework. 763 Church »t,
near Twentieth.
GIRL for general housework and cooking:
1 wages 115. 433 Oak st. >
WANTED— An old lady; light work; $9. Call
after 6 p. m. 727 Clen&ntlna. st. "
GOOD tailors on custom coats. Call at 7 Cohen
\ place, off Ellis, near 'Lea venworth. C
WANTED— Young girl for light housework. In-
. quire at 31B Clara St., bet. Third and Fourth.
PROTESTANT German woman aa housekeeper;
good home; country. Call 2 o'clock at 168
Tehama Bt.
APPRENTICE and finishers on • coats. 117
Russ st.
NEAT young girl for general housework. Ap-
ply before 12 at S215 Van Ness ave.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 83S How-
ard st. bet. 4th and 5th. over handball court.
GIRL or woman for light housework. Call to-
day, 223 Fourteenth st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
Folsom st, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
WANTED— Waitress: neat, decent, competent
girl. Apply 448 Third st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
lrg; 2 In family. Call at 1331 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Experienced waitress. 126 Ninth st.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl, general
' housework; $15. 321 A Fremont st.
WANTED- Girl to do housework, plain cocking:
no washing. Call bet. 10 and 12 a. in.. 1SU3
Sacramento St.-
WANTED— Waitress; $6 a week. 7 Taylor st
AN experienced apprentice on fine coats. 504
O'Farrell st.
NEAT girl, good cook, small family. Call from
¦ 9 to 2. at 538 Sutter st.
GIRL for shooting gallery. Call 12, 424 Dupont
street.
YOUNG girl to help wait at table. 623 Fourth
street.
GOOD girl or woman to assist light housework;
small family; $7. 312 Sanchez Rt.
OPERATORS— Button-hole makers and appren-
.tices wanted; gpod wages. SOU Kearny, rm. 2.
GIRL for general housework. 1124 Greenwich
st. nea»- Hyde.
A GIRL for general Imufework. Apply at 514
Devlsadero st., near Hayes.
GERMAN girl for housework; wages 515. 623
McAllister st. j
WANTED — Experienced millinery salesladies, i
maker and trimmer. 1323 Stockton st. j
GIRLS. ™ GIRLS! GIRLS. ]
Highest wages paid to sewing machine op»r- I
, atom on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking;
$15. 42 Stanley place, bet First and Second sts.,
near Harrison.
} WANTED— Woman familiar with business
methods for position of trust and manage-
j ment. Box 2S96. Call office.
YOUNG girl wanted In store; good wages; no
Sunday work. 819 Post st.
WANTED— A cirl to do general housework;
wages $20 a month. Apply 171S Buchanan st
! A WOMAN to work ill hand laundry; steady
j work; Hfrpd pay. 119 Corbett ave.
1 WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8V4 Antonio at.,
between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore *t.
A BRANCH offlra for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093 Va-
lencia st.
UKLPJ r WANTKIJ MALtS.
4 MEN to work on a ranch: $1 25 per day;
Sonoma Co. MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter st. 1
A— ARM waiter, country. $30; short order f
cook, small restaurant, country, $20 fare.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. I
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Free fare and $1 offlce fee and no other ex-
penses to Los Angeles and Santa Barbara dis-
tricts: we ship you to-day. 9_a. m. and •
p. m. for the S. P. R. R.; laborers, teamstere,
$2 day
FARE PAID
For laborers (no experience necessary) for
the sawmills and woods. ?26 to $40 and fare
paid; also 250 woodchoppers and tiemakers..
BIG WAGES LABORERS FOR MIXES
Furnaceman for the mines $55 and found 1
25 laborers (no experience required) j
.' $40 to $»3 and found j
W muckers, gold mines.. $75 and $60 and found
40 single-hand miners $75
Top carmen $52 W>
Tool sharpeners $60
150 laborers, city and all parts of California,
$175 to $2 50 day
i Also teamsters. $2 day
MECHANICAL HELP
Machine blacksmith 13 to S-t 25 day
Screw tender $52 and found
15 ' blacksmiths, $60, $45 and $40; $2 50 and
S3 SO day
Blacksmith's helper $10 and $12 week
Carpenter, rough work $2 50 day
Wagonmaker Boilermakers Coopers
MISCELLANEOUS
8 butchers, slaughter houye, shop and ranch
$30 to $50
Stablemen, buggy washers, hostler.. $30 and fd
4 farmers and wives. ...$35 and $40 and found
FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
10 men or strong^^ffys to pull rhubarb
$1 35 day
Cheesemaker. see boss here (35 and found
40 milkers, city and all parts California
$25 to $35 and found
Milk wagon drivers, city
- Nurseryman • $25 and found
125 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
*25 and J3"»
25 haymakers $30 and $35
Gardeners, $25 and $30 Choremen and boys
20 laborers, Alameda County — $34 and found
]0 laborers (no experience required) large min-
ing company $34 and found
For numerous other positions come down and*
' read billboards.
Wanted for a new railroad Free fare
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Free fare Free fare
SPECIAL v
Teamster, stock ranch. $3A ' and found; 5
utablemen; woodworker, country blacksmith
f=hot>. $40 and found; oheesemakpr. $40 and
found: 7 porters. $25. $20 and found: planer
hand for sawmill company. $50 and found....
5 Boys or Young Men
to work In machine shops, oltj-, $« week.
MU RP.AY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— BAKERS COOKS WAITERS
3 bakers, different country shops
'. $40 and $4.% and found
Cook and wife for the mines $50 «nd found
Also helpers; 25 cooks, restaurants, hotels
and boarding houses. $30 to $60 and found:
ironers country laundries. $25 and $35 and
found:' 15 waiters, city and country. $25 and
$30: boy for laundry: elevator boys, etc:
dishwashers: city and country: choreman, for
Institution. $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-62S Clay ft.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary et.
Wanted— 50O men for railroad work; coast
road: $2 a day: free fare.
10 laborers. S. P. Co. work, $2 a day: free fare.
10 fence builders, railroad work, $2 a day, free
far?; 20 miners and ,. muckers, $2 50 and $2 a
day; 20 quarrymen. $2 25 a day: 50 laborers
and teamsters, city and country, $1 75 and
$2 a day; 20 woodsmen and laborers for saw-
mill and woods, $26 to ?33 and board: 10 farm-
ers, $25, $26 and $30; fireman for mine, $2 a
day: milkers, choremen and others, j
..............HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Day broiler, $20 a week; night broiler. $17 a
week restaurant north: second cook. $75;
broiler $60. hotel north; bread and cake baker,
shop. $60: bread and cake baker, country shop,
$45; baker, resort, $40; assistant cook, resort,
$30: sllverman, country hotel, $25 and free farei
dishwasher. ¦ springs, $25; kitchen hand,
springs, $25: 20 dishwashers end kitchen
lisnds, $20. $25 and $20.
Shampooer for Turkish • baths, north. $10 a
week. C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Master flagmaker. An examination
of applicants will be held at the navy yard.
Mare Island, Cal.. June 2, 1900, for master
flaRmaker. at $4 per diem. The examination
will be csen to all comers who can grve evi-
dence of experience In conducting the kind of
work for which they seek ' employment and
who are citizens ot the United States. Appli-
? cations will be addressed to the commandant,
navy yard. Mare Island, CaL; and muct be
delivered to him on or before Friday, June 1.
No application received after that date will
be 'considered. Each applicant will state In
bis application his name. age. residence, citi-
zenship, present occupation (stating shop and
position therein) and previous employment or
work dons. The application must be accom-
panied by evidence of citizenship and by cer-
tificates, preferably from previous employers,
ps to character, habits of industry and sobri-
ety ard skill and experience ' In conducting
work of .the kind required. JOHN D. LONG,
Secretary of the Navy.
WANTED— Competent retail grocery salesman-
good position to right party; give references
and experience. Box 2S13. Call.
WANTED— Active men of good character 'to
deliver and collect for old-established whole-
sale and .exporting, house. Bona fide salary
of $300 a year guaranteed with expenses No
experience required.. References exchanged
Enclose self-addressed stamped envelope to
¦ WHOLESALERS AND ; EXPORTERS third
floor, 834 Dearborn st. Chicago.
¦ . ¦ ¦ • . ¦ ¦ .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
LAUNDRTMAN, Institution $33 and found
blacksmith, country »5O
4 teamsters, orchard $30 and board
10 haying hands $1 25 and $150 day
4 farmers, orchard V»Vy« * * ' \ "hf
6 milkers f27 60 and S30
/2 choremen J; 1 *
' Ftableman. country *- i>
6 waiters ?-•> * n " *j?
kitchenhand *~J
10 woodchoppers Soc to Jl 50 cord
J laborers « day
\ . W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BIX blacksmiths, city and country, 12 50 to $4 a
day; 3 blacksmiths' helpers. $2 and $2 60 day;
millmen and laborers of all kinds, »2t> to J30:
edgerman; trimmer: band sawyer: 3 men and
wives for private families. $35. $40 and $50:
farmers for haying, orchards, vineyards and
other work; toamsters, and many others. Call
and examine our list. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento St.—
Cooks. $10. $S week. $50. $40. $35 month: cook
Rnd wife, hotel. $55; bakers, country, $40 and
. found, $30 and found, hotels; dishwashers, S7
week. |20, $23 month: porter for resort. $25 and
found, good place, call early: waiters, pan-
trymen, vegetable men and other help. J. F.
CROSETT. £23 Sacramento st.
PASTRY cook for summer resort, $10; assistant
cook, same place, $30, see chef here 9 a. m.;
third cook. $30; 2 dishwashers, first-class
places. J30; flrft-clacs pastry cook. $60; butler
and valet. $50. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Kree employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
AN errand boy at 110 William St.. off Geary,
bet. Taylor and Jones.
WANTED— A wheelwright who understands
woodworking machinery. Apply to BEMENT
& DE ROWE. Redwood City.
MAN as secretary and collector for an electric
light company in the country; one who has
some capital prelerrfd. Address box 2814. Call.
COMPETENT, hustling organizers; best frater-
nity on earth; sal. F. F. Roose. Pres., Omaha.
WANTED— Strong boy to carry newspapers.
Apply before 10 a. m.. 2C2 Eighth st.
WANTED- Reliable barber as partner In good-
. paying shop, this city. Box 2812. Call.
GROCERY clerk wanted; competent: reference
and last place employed ; wages $40 per month.
Address A. B.. Eastland Postofflce.
WANTED— Steady man to take orders and as-
sist In light, genteel -work; must be satisfied
with $60 per month and have $130 cash. Apply
COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY. 44 Geary st.
WANTED— Bright, clean boy about 14. Apply
to K. B. HOLLIXOSWORTH, Smiths' Cash
Store, from 8 to 9 this morning.
HANDY man wanted at the children's play-
ground ; crlspmaker has preference.
j FIRST-CLASS cabinet makers wanted. 119
Main at.. San Francisco.
j WANTED— Cutter on ready-made clothing. 20
I Sansome st.
'WANTED— First-class painters at 483 Geary
street.
AN assistant clerk. Apply C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Wagon-maker at corner Bartlett
and Twenty-third sts. •
PLUMBER wanted; first-class Jobber. 604 Post
street.
MAN wanted to make some beds and j do
porter work. 203 Perry st.
WANTED — One waiter and one bartender. Call
between 9 and 10 a. m.. 718 Valencia st.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 535 Commercial »t.
BOY for Jewelry store; give references. 103
Sixth st.
BARBER wanted from 12 o'clock; no college
barber need apply; $3. 904 Bryant, near 7th.
TO tailors— First-class pants maker wanted.
Apply at t 40S Kearny st
PLATER, one understanding polishing, to take
charge of shop. Western Plating Co., 103 Fre-
mont St.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop; good
wages. 1715 Market st.
WAITER wanted. 217 Sixth st
I WANTED— A general blacksmith. Apply to J.
[ O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
COATMAKERS wanted. 635 Kearny St.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery and
florist business. SCO Halght at.
DISHWASHER wanted at 369 Hayes st. -
TRUSTWORTHY man to work locally: also
travel in adjoining counties; $18 a week sal-
ary and expenses; state age and reference.
Address Business Manager. P. O. box 1027.
Philadelphia. Pa.
' YOUNG man for porter in saloon: German pre-
j f erred: muet be quick and polite; state refer-
j ences. Box 2S0«. Call office.
I GOOD hatter: must understand dyeing soft felt
hats. 1S6 Third st., or 256 Fourth.
GOOD man for Janitor work 2 or 3 days a week;
wages $1 50. Address box 2S09, Call office.
WANTED— Blacksmith: steady work: good sal-
ary; first-class workman. 4610 Mission road.
$250— THREE-CHAIR barber shoD on main
street, San Jose; established IS year*; must
sell; cause sickness. Box 2803. Call.
WANTED— Young man whd has had experience
Jn machine and model work; one who under-
stands electrical work preferred. Apply at
646 Mission gt. 2_
YOUNG German (17 to 20) to work In grocery,
reference. Address box 2305. Call.
WANTED— Experienced engraver In brass and
steel. . Box 2397. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. S41 Market st.
GOOD pressman on custom pants; steady
work. 225 Fifth st.
GOOD Industrial agent. Apply 8-9 a. m.. 12-1
p. m.. 5-8 p. m.. 403 Montgomery st. room G.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 33 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch in height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco, Cal.. or
530 K Bt.. Sacramento. Cal. ¦
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
. quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season: only
Institution In the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 633
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
16~MEN wanted for work at Nome. CHAS.
CONKLIN & CO.. 667 Market St.: ticket offlce.
BARBER shop for sale; I chairs; good loca-
tion and business. Box 2777. Call. Oakland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d- sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C?2 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A. good lively solicitor; big motley.
136 Ellis Bt
MEN to learn barbertng and halrdresslng at 8.
F. Barber School, 741A Howard st. t ? ; =
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25e per night; 75o to $2 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lar.cla st. »
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
S27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. '
SAN FRANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE-
next session begins June 11: catalogue upon'
application. DR. E. J. CREELY Dean 510
Golden Gate ave. ¦ '
CARLOAD well-bred, gentle horsea- very
cheap. Occidental Horse Exchange, 721-723
Howard st. /
FOR sale, cheap— Business horse. 2 wagons 5
buggies. 6 sets harness. 21 City Hall ave.
FINE carriage horse and top phaetsn H.
SIPPLE. 1634 Mission st. -a.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; C and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent. 605 Golden Gate av.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170, Market st.: Castro-st. cars pass the door.
HOUSES TO LET. "
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. ~
301 Jones; .14 r $« 2710 Pine; 5 r $35
2018 Buchanan: 9 r. 4-i 1137 Geary; 10 r.... 70
, 1S22 Pacific av.;9r. <S 706 Hayes; new; 9 'r. 50
BUCHANAN. 2713-Pleasant. sunny, nine-room
house; marine view; low rent: fine nelghborhd.
LAGUNA, 1713-1717— 4 rooms each and bath*
modern, sunoy; convenient; rent reduced. '
HOCSES WASTED.
WANTED— To rent cr lease, a new. modern
nouse of not less than It) rooms: sunny *ld«
of street: located Inside of Devlsadero. Cali-
«£? A f. ra ?« Iin and Broadway. Address box
2ws, (all office.
w * N-r .EI>-House and lot. situate in XortS
Beach; price about *^0 to JoCOO; m good con-
dltlon. n& agents. Room 603. Examiner bldir.
LOST A3jD KOLND>
VHjb party that took the purse^from" Western
Hall. Shiela bulldins. return It at on?e tS
Janitor.
LOST— Brown mare: broken ear. Return and
¦ receive reward. GEO. RYAN. Twenty-e!~hth,
and Alabama sts.
LOST— Purse containing J13. bet. Twenty-.fourt!»
and Thirteenth sts. Return 513 Thirteenth gt.;
reward.
LOST — Diamond locket. Finder please return
to 40 Kearny st. : reward.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch. Return 40 Kearnz
St.; reward.
FOUND— A sun. Loser please address F. H.
SHOVE. 521A Shotwell St.. S. F.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN*, the well-known^IadieV phy^
rlclan. formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
K'.jrop* -with advanced knoKrledse; safe anil
reliable cure ?5; have treated -thousands of
c.ii.-s with success: 15 years' practice ia S. F. ;
maternity home: low fees. 1C074 Market ft,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; aafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In 3. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
Kgy* Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 jrra.
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
ofEce. $i; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at offlce. J5; consultation free. 1123
Market st.. between Mason and Taylor; offica
hours, a to a: Sunday a. 10 to 4.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market; ladles' »po-
cialist; treatment at ofSce, J3; contultatloa
free; houra 10 to ». Phone Jewle C7.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Mark*t; ladles*
physician: chronic diseases treated; la;*
scientific methods; treatment. t».
PRIVATE conflaement home; best care; phy-
clclan; English and German spoken; terms]
reasonable. 82S Castro st., near 7th. Oakland.
DR. SG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; saal-
tarlum,T04 Sacramento.cor.Kearny;advtce free.
Dr. F. Frank & Mrs. Anderson, ladles' physicians;
reliable specialists; treatment $5. 1013 Laffusa.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. SJ12 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladies' specialists,
111S Market st.; every case guaranteed; $5 tip.
MRS.' SCHWARTINO. midwife; private horn*
_ In eonflnmunt for ladles. 510 Eddy «t.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Prtvata horn*
In confinement. 1313 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor, treats ail dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason rt.
MIXES A.\I> MIMXi.
SE\'ERAt. creek claims at Cape Nome to close
an estate. Address box 2U3. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. J3S-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coua-
* ters. linoleum, store and ofSc* furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. SOO.
NAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St., abov»
Sixth; write for catalogue.
ST. BERNARD bitch; larse and good pedigree;
$25; xforth $30. 410 Maple st.
CASH register at a bargain. 632 Market St..
room 6.
FINE large safe and fixture*, suitahlo for jew-
elry business. MINT LOAN OFFICE. 14
Fifth at.
, COMBINATION pool table: good aa nsw.
; Lyons Exchange. 70? Mission st.
WHISKY for family cr medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, exprestsage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
price could buy no better; mall order* solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO., 13 Montgomery.
OHMA.V engine 12x12, 30 to 40 horsepower, near-
ly new, cheap. 21 First St., top floor.
S-POUXD steel T rail for sale cheap. BURS-
STINE BROS.. &34-52S Brannan st.
A— *3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, » 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
A FINE suit. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
, FINE new launch hull cheap for caah: «ng!n»
If desired. H. T.. Bradley, 364 14lh. Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; jelling
cheap. \Y. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
WE rent full-drevs and Tuxedo suits for S2 50.
¦ Portland Loan Offlce. 20 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; movinj
pictures. BOLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st*
BARBER fixtures and furniture: 2-chair outfit
complete: must be sold at once at a sacTlflca.
Inquire room (14, Call bldg.
EDISON" concert phonograph, price redncfld ttt
I1C0: concert records. $2 50. BAC1GAX.UPL,
S33 Market St.. San Francisco.
CASH registers of every description for saia
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; iathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beala.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest modal j
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market St.
«\ 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and bury-
lar proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THB HSU-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and bu5y-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all slaws. THSJ
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. 8aa Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 229 Fremont.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per ye*r.
MISCELLANEOUS W.tSTS.
WANTED— 3 soda tanks. 13S Ellis st.
WANTED- Second-hand' upright piano tot
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAP. 1719 Market st.
3H»EY TO LOAX.
HEIRS to unsettled estates in probate eaa re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estat». furniture and
pianos; no removal; prompt dealing: no
charge unless loan Is granted. EQUITABl^B
LOAN CO.. room 603. Examiner buthftng.
ANY proposition, any amouH; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loan*, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room If. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at S per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate la pro-
bate; mortgages and le«aci*s bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. SlcCOLGAN. 2« Montgomery, r. 1.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S43 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges of the Mint Loan Offlce, U
Fifth st.. are transferred to W. J. HesthaL
10 Sixth St.. where the business ¦will be con-
tinued. T. LUBELSKI.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and. oa
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 23 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; -low rates; confidential
BONELLI. Conservatory bld^.. 1J0 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davla 935.
ON furniture and pianoa without removal; oulcJ*
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
¦ 68 and 89. Donohoe building, H70 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at l\i per cent- also
l2f n^,»° 8jUaried People. HAR3HBARGER.
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
WANTED— At once. Improved Income city
property. $la00 to |5000. for cash, at SPECK
& CO.'S. SS7 Market st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all bu»l-
neas confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bulWing.
150 TO JiO.000: lowest rat*?: 1st and M mortis. :
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON- furniture, pianos*, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. CO Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelaa balldla*. .HOTEIj ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J W Kearth. Colusa
J H Titbits. Redding
T Fisher. Spokane
R W McGllllvray. Cal
G H Abel. Maxwell
Mrs' W Geary, Portlnd
II Srarkman, L Ant
C Hajjen. Silver City
Dr C A Rubles. Stkn
M Goldsmith. Stkton
L Obermerer. ChRO
Mrs II A Botwlck. Cal
F A Brooks. Panama
D Bayless, Los Ans
A H Hart. N Y
K D Smith. Cal
O H Spinney. Arcata
T A Rice. Oxnard
D C Mitchell, Cal
E A Mlseroe. L Arnr
W II Cook & w, L Ang
Mrs Ramsey. Toronto
J A Burham. Fresno
A W Baxter. Chgo
Mr» Jones, Sacto
Mrs Barnard. Illinois
.1 CralK. Highlands
G T Newell Jr. Ch(?o
O L Threlkel. NewcaMl
A D Lematre, Nevada
Mrs Ostrelcker. ,Elko
G N Smith & w, Or
J T Summervllle. Stktnt
n Cormack. Cb.RO |
E B Lewis. San Jose
T Pane, Yokohama
A Markres. San Jose
Miss Pritchard, Colo
Mrs S R Warner. Ohio
H M Dean & w. Mich
J D Wadsworth. Cal
T N Cotter. Cal
H C Cotter. Denver
Dr E C Dunn & w,
Fresno
F G Klne. Denver
W W Stone. Cal
W W Grey, Merced
R H KnapD. Boston
Q W Hendry, Cal
O W LrfinKan. Cal
D I. Vann. Cal
Mrs D L, Vann. Cal
C B Bells. San Jose
J W Chlltom. S Jose
H K Stahl. San Jose
T FKzeerald, Ogden
F F Williams. Tacoma
C Sollars. Lodl
A F Naher, Stkton
G A Buell, Stockton
J H Roberts, Sacto
B F Stern. Cal
J Loeb. Cal
M B Fas^ett. Cal
T H Hayden. Los An*
B G Parlow. Cal
Miss Roland, Cal
J II Harvey. Cal
W Baker. Winters
1. A -Sheldon. Cal
Mr* C Lewis.
PALACE HOTEL
H B Wood &. w. S Josel
W II Cousor. lone
O \. rtehr, I»ndon
W L Wick wire, Halifx
B I) Adamson, Londn
H F Bledsoe. S Bern
S Sonn'nbai'rn Jr. \al
J M McDonald, ChRO
W A Maearey. Adelaid
H O Drummond, Lond
V. W Maion, Coalln^a
J A Chansior, Coaling
Mr« W S TeviB & chil
dren. Bakersfleld
F Oamtzsch. Bkrufleld
F D Batec & w, L. An
G F Heldet, N Y
C A Canfleld. I^os Ang
F C Church. Maw
J H Stembersh * w.
ReadinR. Pa
O Gregory, N Y
Miss Farnsworth. Chs
Mrs Dale, Chicago
F S Duncan. N Y
L. W Bllnn & w. L. An?
P W Morse. Wtsnvllle
J Drew. X T
T> S Ros«nbaum Stkton
J S Oobln & w, Cal
C C Mclver, Cal
R H Armetronjr. N T
W G Ebbs. N Y
E A Bruckerhoff, En-
Clewood. N J
Mrs E A Bruckerhoff,
N J
Miss Bruekerhoff. N J
Miss M Bruckerhoff,
N J
Ml*s H M Bruckerhoff.
N J
Miss J Bruckerhoff, NJ
J W Carr. Anderson
C H Lyford. N Y
Count de Oarets. Paris
Viscount de Pare.Parls
T Hopkins. Menlo
Mrs T HoDklns, Menlo
J C Daube. Chtro
J K Matthew. U S N
Mr* Kohl. Cal
S Wels. N Orleans
H R Rosewelt. U S M C
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L Forsberr. Elfe
Ml.«e II Clarke. Sacto
C Dassonville. Sacto
F Hutterworth, L Anjt
W P McCann, Caatrovl'
F II Morrell. Chicago
E A Humphrey. N Y
H C Ohl. Tracy .
S Fink & w. Minn
Z E Buckner, Ariz
H D Morley. S Rosa
P Peagrave, Marysville
P J Cunningham. Reno
G Barlow. Honolulu
F II Rardln. Cloverdale
J D Smith, HaywartU
J R Barton, Chicago
H Brandls. Arizona
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
: ; -.X> ARRIVED.
Monday,- May a.
Br stmr Energia. Chaplain. 27 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 20 days and via San
Dleso 50 hour*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWJ5XS LAXDIiTG— Sailed May 81— Stmr
Kavarro. for Port Lob Angeles.
GREENWOOD— Sailed May 21— Stmr Whites
boro. for San Francisco. s
ASTORIA— Sailed May 21— Xor stmr Thyra
for Hongkong; Br ship John Cooke, for Queens
town.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 21— Stmr Rotter
dam/from . i
ANTWERP— Arrived May 19— Stmr Frles
lana. from New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 2\— Stmr Em«
from New York, for Naples.
HAMBURG— Sailed May 17— Stmr Roma, for
San Francisco .-•¦¦ '
- "Say Weary, did you know you was
full o' cells? 1 ' "Mebbe.I am. I know I
ain't full o' nothing else."— Cleveland
Plain Dealor.
TAGALS CONFINE
THE AMERICANS
TO COAST TOWNS
v £
General Bell in Need of Re
: inforcements in South- •
PT*T1 Tj137OI1
>
At Donsol Major Wise With Two
Companies of Troops Is Be
sieged by a Thousand
MANILA, May 21.-General James M.
Bell, commanding the hemp provinces of
Southern" Luzon, has issued an order to
his officers not to attempt to organize the
municipal governments as prescribed by
Major General Otis in his recent order, on
account of the disturbed conditions. The
Americans occupy a few coast towns,
which the insurgents surround, constantly
assailng the garrisons, which are too
small to attempt operations in the sur
rounding country.
Major Wise with {wo companies is In
Donsol. an Important town of Sorgoson.
surrounded by a thousand insurgents. The
Americans occupy trenches and are con
tinually exchanging shots with the enemy.
Several regiments are needed to control
each southern province, but they cannot
hf spared from their present stations. An
other squadron of cavalry will be sent to
General Bell.
On the first trouble occurring with the
Moros. in the southern part of Mindanao,
at Cottobatto. Major Brett sent a detach
ment to preserve peace at a conference
between two quarreling chiefs. During the
conference the tribes began shooting. One
of the bands fired upon the Americans
from an old Spanish fort. The soldiers
returned the fire, killing several of the na
tives, but they were unable to take the
fort, although a gunboat shelled it. Major
Brett is sending a large body to punish
the recalcitrants. .
The first death of a white man from bu
bonic plague occurred to-day. The victim
was a Government teamster. Several na
tives have died since the outbreak of the
plague at Qutapo market.
PLANS FOR SMUGGLING
DRUGS INTO PRISON
Vials of Opium Dug Up and Photo
gTaphs Containing Morphine
Seized at San Quentin.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. May 21.-
Warden Aguirre yesterday unearthed a
wholesale plot to flood the prison with
morphine and "yen-shee." The drugs
were enclosed in vials and letters and
newspapers, backs of photographs and
in other Ingenious ways.
For some time the "Warden has suspect
ed a "coup" was to be engineered, and he
has watched and waited patiently. Yes
terday an old road-gang camp site was
dug up and over twenty-two ounce vials
of morphine and cocaine were discovered.
Another camp site yielded 10 packets of
opium, each containing twenty doses of
dope, valued at 50c each, making the value
of the find S100. Besides these .several
needles and one complete "hypo outnt
were unearthed.
Most ingenious, however, was the plan
of inserting morphine in photographs, ine
lavers of pasteboard were separated the
white powder sprinkled between, and all
was then glued up and looked perfectly
solid. Letters bad double flaps containing
sometimes almost an ounce of the covet
ed powder. Newspapers were favorite
transmitters, the back of each page at
the hinge was glued over after being open
ed The receptacle thus formed contain
ing a large supply of morphine. The
loaded papers and letters were consigned
to: Harry Wagner, Michael Rose. Henry
Hempel and Tom Walker. "Will" .Ward
was the destined recipient of the loaded
photographs, which each contained an
immense quantity of morphine.
This blow at the dope smugglers will
probably have a paralyzing effect on
them, the Warden having silently and ef
fectually learned their methods, and un
less they adopt some new "dodge" dope In
San Quentin will In the future be an un
known quantity.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
FETED AT SALINAS
Session of the Grand Lodge Called
to Order by Chancellor
Arndt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, May 2L— The California
Grand Lodge, Knights of Pythias, and the
Grand Temple, Rathbone Sisters, convened
in this city to-night as guests of the Sa
linas lodges, and a royal reception was
accorded them by the citizens of this
town. Delegations have been arriving by
every train for the past two days, and the
largest first day's attendance for years
was present when the f gavel of Grand
Chancellor Arndt fell to call the
first session to order at 9:30 o'clock to
night. Very little business beyond the
routine of organization was transacted to
night, most of the evening being devoted
to the official reception in which the clty
of Salinas welcomed her visitors. This
reception was the beginning of the many
notable social functions that will charac
terize the week's celebration and was a
very successful opening for the festivi
ties.
Addresses of welcome were delivered by
Mayor Thomas Renlson and Hon. B. V.
Sargent, chairman of the executive com
mittee of the celebration, and response
was made by Grand Chancellor H. U.
Arndt of San Diego.
The reception was held In Armory Hall,
which was elaborately decorated with the
Pythian colors and emblems artistically
combined with the stars and stripes and
beautiful flowers and growing plants.
The town is gayly decorated In honor of
its visitors and presents a very pictur
esque appearance. The celebration and
sessions of the Grand Lodge will continue
through the week, closing Friday night.
All delegates are expected to be here by
to-morrow night and the Grand Lodge
will probably get through considerable
important business before adjournment on
Friday.
Killed by a Train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES. May «.— Herbert Bll
ton, the sixteen-year-old eon of L. L. BI1
ton. a carpenter of this place, was killed
by the 4:33 p. m. passenger train from San
Francisco. He was employed by George
F. Bell and had been delivering Roods in
the neighborhood of the flouring mill,
where the embankment and houses shut
off the view of the approaching train. The
train struck the front wheel of the wagon,
leaving the horse dead on one side and
strewing the shattered pieces of the
wagon along the track for about fifty feet
on. the other side. Herbert was found
about fifty feet from where the accident
occurred, having been carried along by
the. engine. His skull was crushed, but
the face wa.« not disfigured, the body was
not mangled. The father of the unfor
tunate boy Is more than sixty miles from
home on a fishing excursion, thirty miles
from telephone communication.
Barn and Horse Turned.
PETALUMA. May 2L— A large barn on
the ranch of Patrick Henley, just east of
this city, was burned down early thla
morning. All the contents of the barn
were destroyed, lncludlnp hay, wagons
and farming Implements. A very valuable
roadster was also. burned to death. The
family and employes were asleep when
the fire broke out, and the flames got con
siderable headway. They tried hard to
pet the horse out of the barn, but were
too late. •, •
Death of James Crawford.
SALINAS, May 21.— James Crawford, a
miner and well-known resident of Mon
terey County, died at his home in this city
yesterday after a brief illness, the cause
of death being cancer of the peritoneum.
Deceased was born in Ashland County,
Ohio, in 1847/and came to Salinas in 1384.
He leaves a widow and three brothers.
The funeral will be conducted to-morrow
under the ' auspices ¦ of Salinas • lodges of
Masons and Odd Fellows.
REFUSES TO
TAKE UP THE
CANAL BILL
Senate Defeats Morgan's Mo
tion by a Vote of
28 to .21.
" ? ii »
Alabama Senator Had nought toHava
Isthmian Waterway legislation
Precede the Philippina
Measure.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— The postofflce
appropriation bill was passed finally in
the Senate to-day, the amendment to ap
propriate 1223,000 to carry out existing con
tracts for the pneumatic tube service be
ing agreed to. The vote on the bill stood
33 to 1(3.
An effort was made by Morgan of Ala
bama to displace the Spooner Philippine
bill with the Nicaragua canal bill as the
unfinished business, but it failed by a vot»
of 21 to 25.
The resolution offered a few days ago
by Morgan directing the Interoceanic
Canal Commission to make an investiga
tion with a view of ascertaining whether
there was any corporation or organization
of individuals which had for its purpose
the obstruction of the United States In,
constructing, an isthmian canal and for
other purposes, was adopted.
A House bill to detach certain coun
ties from the Northern Judicial district of
California and to attach them to the
Southern Judicial district of California,
ami providing for the holding of terms of
the United States courts In Fresno and
Los Angeles, was passed.
At the request of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, the resolution re
lating to the Montana Senatorial case was
postponed until Thursday at 1 o'clock.
Sullivan of Mississippi offered a resolu
tion directing the Secretary of the Trea
sury to inform the Senate whether volun
teer officers and men in the late war with
Spain were paid twice for the same ser
vice. It was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Morgan moved to proceed to the con
sideration of the Nicaragua canal bill.
This would have displaced the present un
finished business. Morgan's motion was
defeated. 21 to 28, as follows:
Ayes— Allen, Bacon. Bard. Berry. Butler.
Clay, Culberson. Foster. Harris. Hawley. Helt
fel<l. Kyle. McBrMf, Mason. Money. Morgan.
Nelson, Perkins. Pettu*. Sullivan. Tlllman— 21.
Xoes — Allison. Burrow? Cattery, Carter,
Ch-indlPi. Fairbanks. Oallinser. Gear. Hanna.
Har.abrough Hoar. K»an. Lindsay. Lodge. Mc-
Coma», McMillan. Pmff?rew. Platt of Connecti
cut. Platt of New York. Quarlea, Ross. Scott.
Sewpll. Shoup. Teller, Thurston, Vest. Wolcott
HOUSE PASSES BILLS
BENEFICIAL TO LABOR
Extends the Eight-Hour Law and
Prohibits Inter-State Traffic in
Prison-Made Goods.
WASHINGTON, May 21.— The House to
day, under suspension of the rules, passed
two Important bills reported by the Com
mittee on Labor— one to extend the eight
hour law to all laborers employed under
contract on government work, and the
other to prohibit Intpr-State traffic in
prison-made goods, by bringing them un
der the Jurisdiction of the police power?
of the State. The former bill Is designed
to carry the law of lSlK! to its logical con
clusion.
The convict labor bill caused some sharp
Inquiries from members from Southern
States, where prison-labor is employed In
the fields and In the mines, but on assur
ances that it would not Interfere with the
production of coal, cotton, or lumber the
opposition wa3 not pressed.
POOLROOM FOR WOMEN.
Dan Slinkey Obtains Permission to
Open One in Sausalito.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO. May 21.— Despite the pre
election promises of. Adolph Sylva, a
poolroom tor. women will be opened up
here almost Immediately, Dan Slinkey
and Frank Payne being Its projectors.
This action on the part of Sylva has
broken over his head the vials of wrath
of the entire "hill tribe." as one of the
points on which most stress was laid by
Sylva and Jacques Thomas, the town
bosses, was that women were not to be
permitted to gamble In any way what
soever. Although Sylva has refused to
fsrant a license to any other poolrooms
than Daroux's or Harvey's, yet he has
reached out the "glad mit" to Dan Slin
key, his fellow-townsman and his nom
inee for the position of poundmaster, and
admitted him into the fold, although
excluding Harrison and other pool
sellers who tried to obtain a license, and
thus disturb the snug monopolies Dar
oux and Harvey paid their good round
sums for. Citizens here feel alarm over
the "Pooh-bah's" latest breach of faith.
"It Is the thin end of the wedge," said
a prominent townsman, speaking of the
matter to-day. "I don't doubt that a few
months more will witness the fair name
of the town besmirched by touts and I
thugs, and every one of Sylva's glib !
promises of law- and order broken as
easily as they were made."
MRS. CUTTING DIVORCED.
Actress Granted a Decree on the
Ground of Non-Support.
ST. LOUIS. May 21.— Minnie Seli&mjm
Cutting, the actress, was frranted a di
vorce from Robert Cuttlne to-day by
Judpe Talty of the Superior Court.
Mrs. Cutting Is playing In the "Great
Ruby" In Brooklyn, N. Y.. and was not
able to come to St. Louis to appear In
court. Her testimony was presented by
deposition. The defendant allowed the
case to go by default. In her deposition
Mrs. Cutting alleged non-support.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 22, : ,18100.
11
MO\EY WASTED.
V.'AXTED to borrow on Improved ci!t-eds»Hl
real estate (COM at E3i ler cent, with a title
Icmraaot policy for JC0.CO3 on same. Address
Hex >^;S Call.
MUSICAL IXSTIttaiUXTS.
AS ».-e represent the best make of pianos !n
every crade. irora SteSr.way .<Jown to low-
j>r;ced makes, ami as our installment iay-
iner.ts are easier than thoee of other ciealens.
we are the people from whom you should
Vurch3s*; new pianos. $$ cash. 5>; per
•oonth: other PtatWi SI. f4 and $3 p»r month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. ttelr.way Dealers,
•.or. Kearr.y ur.i Sutter «i*.. San Francisrj.
cor. Ihirteeath ani Broadway. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of beautiful new rtyle Decker*
JUSt received: parties who have beerv WM'.tln;
for these will do well to call at one. MAU-
VA1S. TCP M»rl:et st.
A KINK Par-kard piano was sold recently to the
Ifcrkelry JJnW Association I. O. O F.. by
the MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. Ttt Market st
3T Is rot wise to throw n.vay money on a sec-
ond-hand irEtniment when you can g»t a
fir>e rew <_-ne ro clwap ot MAI'VAIH. 7C9 Mar-
l:»t «t.
AS eiecHTst $i r <o Cutlaz rnahofany, c««e; .1 b««u-
t:ful lll'fj \>*e wa'.r.ut case for le^s thr;n half
r.rico. :-;:cMIy us^l ; others 1<*. $">0. fU*. $'.eo :
»-ai>y paymeatm. Bi:NJ. CCKTAZ &¦ SOX. IS
O'Kari-rll Ft.
/.HS'iLL'TKLY the oidfft and largest house
west of Chi cap o In KOHLKU & CHASE'S.
15. 2S acl SO O'Fsrrell yt. : piar.es. organs and
¦ 1! ottMT rnysi.-al ir.strumer.ts of all er«d»s
»n<J pricey: i»nm *««y; prir»s lowest: ever>--
thtac r>r»silL;e <iore to rleaie r.nd y&i'.siy she
•—-Ftotner.
\VANTED— Ten square plmaca cr.fl six organs
for country tchocJs BYRON MAUZY. SCS
T'^-'t mt.
AUCTION Ul !•¦«¦> Planoa at yuur own price for
ft^raKe. WILSON'S Storage 1710 Market st.
ALMOST wv. •; StaaOard upright piano: pacrl-
f.crl; V»v!r.c 831 V.'rhctor. nenr McAU'.ster.
I RAVE o>r:«trr;«»(J ny piano t" nareroomt, 15.
F'.iod bldg., '<^t '.ir.m«?iat» sale: ir.ake ofTer.
A-^TK!NVVAY upright: line condition; vtrjr
ch.»ap. r.nrnxv, ;os post st.
•I5-J CASH will jurc*inF* n. fine upright; call
at r.ao-. ~C2'i Van Nm ar».. room ..
A FrflvWAT H«5: IccttJtaienta 13. J5, V, W;
n :.tf s: up. Hr.INF-S. 1S6 El'.ls st.
B> HMER & C"J.. I5y:cn llAur.y Pianos. SOi to
532 Pot st.
GOOI* Fisrher: rreat liargs'.n. SCHMITZ. t«
licAlUster st.. nest Hi hernia Bank.
V. 0. BADGER. 412 Sr.cramer.to St.. cgent for
FratiriF Bacon and Ilallett & Davis pianos.
SC]*ERIOn vtalllM z'thfrs. old an.i newr. H.
JIT'I-UCR. Trsker. repairer. 2 1-utbam place.
OrFICES A\'D STOKES —^TO LET.
LAKCE cwr.fr fixtures for grocery and
fcar; ! r->onis: cemert basement. 201 Diamond
et., CTT^r Nineteenth: r*»nt ?2^.
•pO i,»»_c;rre Hr.d s rooms, on NW. corner of
Cnloa aril I^avenworth f\9. ; conducted for 13
years by lust tenant.
fir>— STOHE. counter, shelving; S living rooms;
o^'.Iar T"08 Naioma St.. near Eleventh.
OIL.
IF you are buying oil stock you better read our
folder. "IIib tr> Judpe an Oil Company";
mailed fre«» on application. The International
Investments Co.. Henne bldff.. Los Anireles.
PALMissrnv.
ilMK. Neergaard. Prea. St. Germain CbHeg» ot
r«;rr;ltirv; r^ads 1 to 8. fl< Cleary. nr. Jones.
PERSONALS. ~ ~
TI^E lady who met the gentleman at Harbor
View some three or four months ago and spent
the afternoon with him, if she wishes to re-
new the arjuaintance, please address or call
at 700 Broadway and Inquire for L. S. A.;
oil! eft<r « p. m.
FRE13 — Having cured myself after 20 years'
firn. FuiTering, will send rres. to suJTerinK sis-
t.-r«. VII1GINIA HALESEN, 1238 Market.S.F.
7>-BAPlES" Bhoes for 3.V; a pair at the Bee
H'.ve Shoe Co.. 7i7 Market St.. nr. Third.
I-EDZRKR'S Quintomra is what rour hair
needa, 3:-c bottle; his Foamo r-hampoo, 5c pkg.,
thoroughly cleanses the scalp. 323 Stockton.
1'RIVATE detective work; reasonable rate*; ten
years' exj»nri»-nce. J. B. RAT. 357 Jessie St.
JLEDEEER dresses the hair In any etyle you
dei«1ro. siniple or elaborate. I5c; he uses Schefl-
ler's CoJcriue. 7»c bom; r»«tore« »he grrayest
hair to natural color. 123 Stockton st.
JLADIES' and gents' eastoff cTorhinr bought and
fold. PiU-erman. 984 Folsorn: tel Folsom 1191.
SJISS KHKLION. chiropodist and business ad-
Tu Market 8t.. second floor, room 37.
FULL-DRESS and other »uit« bought: also old
c ii. Portland I»an Ofnce. 25 Stockton st.
AN' elegant suit for S10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. I* UEMOS. 1117 Market «..
Iwnww Seventh and E'.rhth.
ELECTRIC litrhts in every room— Winchester
H ctel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: IM rooms:
T-c to fl so oer night; t\ M to $6 per week:
free 'bug and baggage to and from the ferry.
LiETECTIVE— Honorable; confidential; secrets
tCTioUte. Address box 4S0. Call office
S: PIir*TOS at $2 per dozen at FOWZER'S.
11 4S Market st.. near Taylor.
IJAITl quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
oott's <?urlir.g Fluid; 25c bottle; druggists.
CAST-OFF clothirjr. old sold and silver bought;
>rnd poetal. COLEMAN'S. 5C6 Keamy st.
;F !oa wish full value for your cast-off clothing
"-W on n. CT.HEN. 157 Third; tel. Black 412».
rUOTOGRAPUIC SUPPLIES.
WE lean k-vjaks free; photo supplies. Backus
"U'lto. 71 Oogry rt.. gTounrl floor.
PHYSICIA!*S A.VD SIUGEO.NS.
DR. C. C. OIjONNELL— Offlce"and residence.
l f -2»- Market St.. bet. KJxth and Seventh.
CHRONIC an-1 other diseases positively cured.
PR. GORDIN. 514 Pine et., near Keamy.
ZJii. ETYAN'S Rheumatism Cure II; free to I
p-mT "\t-ry W t>£rf*f.4ay . 36 Geary «t-
PnoPEHTV WANTED.
WASTED- Mission improved property; |15fl0 to i
t-'jiQ": no agents. Address box 2811. Call office, j
KEAL ESTATE CITV Kolt X.KUtZ. j
A. MT5pEck~& CO^r^T MaxkersTT' I
Oppoalte Kearny.
Market St.— 2 frontages; north side and cast !
aide of Taylor st.: lease about explrlar; in- j
or<-»s>^i r»r.lsl effered.
172,000— Comer, nerr Market and Jones; 75
feet frontage; r&re buy.
HT.tnO irmTl W&O; lot SOxl37:6 feet; modern
building: r>a>" 10 per cent,
|Tr.ftKl Full I 111 St.. • n»ar Townsend; 137 :Cx
127:6; near railroad and warehouses.
rS."00— Vicinity Larkin and McAllister; lot
<V.*xl2<) feet; 2 fror.taces: rents $210.
tr"./«0— Sixth rt.: 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
«r.d il iTKiir.i above; rents $100.
J1S.000— lid Post rt. : let 30x117:6; lg rooms:
end every modern conx'enlence; cost $23,000; i
make offer.
$'^,.>00-HRlf block Trom Market and Steuart
ets.: brick building.
$12,5VC— Ninth st.: close to Uisslon; 38 feet'
fror.i; 2 Ftores and flats.
«3000— licat* $100; lot 100x137 :G: Powell-st. car
line.
t72i'J— nroa'Jway. between Buchanan and
Webster st*. ; lot, ;4:4Vjxli2 feet; choicest resi-
dence site.
f^OOO— « r.rw fiats; rents $36; lot Z r >r.lV) feet.
%jiM — C l>ay-Ti- t ncJoT» flst«; rents JC6; lot 48x
75: near Sixth ar.d Howanl.
t«r^0"ir:» liurh Rt.. lot 3Cxi:7:6; house of 14
nw.ms; rrust !«.• *</.$.
t X-t-»— Ja->i» f'.l St.; 5 fiats: rents $62.
J220tr— 4Ii>6 Twenty-fifth w... near Castro; store
anJ rtyjn.i.: lot S?xl!4 Xee^
S30M— lienls Hi; 5 flatf.: 2 frcntaees; Val-
ir-<-, ft.
$r7iO— 5! South Park: house and lot; 21xlC7:«.
A. JI. PJ'KCK & «ro.. *if,7 Market st ;
HLC0O—AT a Farriflce
On account Of bat;k foreclosure
A teautlful rrjarine view lot
V.lrgnr.t location for swell flats ;....
I'ror.las* Ci - :;xlJ7rC <Ieej>; north side Broad-
way. n<-ar Frar.kMn. Apply K. SIcCOIXJAN.
"t Mor.trjcTiTy rt.. room 3.
ilt> ; T b" eo'.d at onre to dote an ettate; no
resFcnable rff<r rrfuscO; lot 23x130. house t
ro>jtn« and t.-ath : bitumen «tre«t: cement side-
walk: Twentieth St.. near Guerrero. Apply
K. KxCOUOAK. 24 Montgomery »t.. room J.
37<«-O — A I.'AliOAIN: tliret- eU-K&nt motWr. flats:
lot ::xl00; n:arine \icw: rents JSO per month, :
Jnnes. near Kllb»»rt. Apply R. McCOLGAN.
¦ ti Mcntcomery at., room 3.
A FTSE modern hotrl. 40 roome; bar. dlninK- j
rorm. hallF; furniture !y*!-t; nrar city: i>opular
family rpsort; ntrr; grounds, lar^e trees;
: r >nlld fisbir^. liuntlr.g: on R. It. station.
<-^ur.tiy r :i<\. cra?5<1 view; bulMlRSTS and all
J12.'*<>; frtll ex.-har.se. GEP.KAN-AMERI-
CAN. Zl Kcarny *>t.
l: r .C<:*— Ei;.«INESS property: lot MxEJ; old Im-
tpTCtnetnest*: center cf larpe busineKs; tlftG.W*.
Kilt-^Jse ijutinefn pror^erty; lot 1'IxI'jC; c;rner
of Z Shading Mltnfl part imvruveil: rentlne:
VW r*r menth. I. II. GOLDMEVER. Real
Estate ami Ir..«urarjce Agent. lJ2t Green st.
JJ3.00U— FINE Western AuJltlon laiitiness cornet
"O Ellis St.: 2714 Te*t frcntsite. rutininr to
rear Ktre«-t: rentii $100; owner toins to 1'illlp-
¦¦•¦!¦ mortcage <a?i lenrnin; for j. lew d»ys
¦ n'.y. SC'JTT & HARRIS. 20 Post tt.
_____ "
J€;:0— KAP.E chance; Stason-et. corner: 3-«tory
bay-window baildinar and 2-storr bulldinjr;
r^nt $W per month; lot 2CxS_:10 with L; al- (
»ui rccted. Inquire ct 1C11 ilM*an «t.
REAL ESTATE CITV— KOR - SALE.
JUST completed -Elegaiit modern homo: seven
j rooms, bath; Bhotwell. near 19th; 30x127. H.
FEIGE. builder. 10E8 Capp st.; easy terms.
fOK cale — Two new houses on Carl *t., near
Ktanyan. on liberal terms; owner on prem-
ises.
j COTTAGE for >ale. 3C22 Pierce et.
! IK you have property north of the I»ark, or
j Ilcrner'h Addition and the Mission, that you
want to cii>noi"» of. then* call ; on V. J.
I CfXX. c:o California tt.
! MODEP.N bouses and flats built at lowest
prices: rlans and estimates furnished for all
l>n'ldlng work. CAMPBHLL. 1147 Mission st.
j KEAL KSTATK — COU\TKV — Kor Sale
I will fa;, on exchange.
I 11 acrtts; r.LO ;>each. 400 almcnd. 100 prune
tree*: larjr»Vrcp fruit Roe* with plax-e: 7-roora
j modern cottage; stable; well with horsepower;
MfiOO; JJ!:o mortgat;-: exchange Oakland prop-
<rty. SALSBURY. «5t Ninth st.. Oakland.
tlT'.O — DESIRABLE country home: 20 acres
rhotceM fruit land; 16<«> almond and 50 select
fruit tre'-f, 5 to 6 years old; new hard-tlnlshed !
r*Mdene«; barn; other bldgs; new windmill;
:rhool: desirable neighborhood; by rail Mi hrs
from S. F. 32 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
FARM «lt!<3 fity realty; pal* or exchange. L. L.
M. SALSEKKY. 4SS Ninth £t.. Oakland.
MILL VALLEY KF.AL KSTATE.
J ?»!! I.I. Valley houw and lot ch^ftp. on account
j of departure. Hot 420. Call off!o».
J.AUKSPTKJRF.Aj,. ESTATE.
CAMP ground to rent at Larkspur up the can-
yon. Apply to C. A. HOLM.
HEAL ESTATK WANTED.
WANTED— To purchase lot In Richmond for i
cash. Box IS03. Call offlce. " j
ROOMS I'OK UOUSfSKEEt'lXG.
AT €2 Second— Double and housekeeping rooms,
SI LO to JI: single. SI to il su: day. 25c up.
light housekeeping: adults only.
CALIFORNIA; M2. near Powell-Lovely fur- j
I nished rooms; privilege lli?ht housekeeping. ;
! CI.AY. 2421. near FiJlmore — 2 large unfurnished i
j rooms; yard: water: rear; rent J7.
j HDDY, S17— Nif*e sunny connecting rooms;
: fumi?hed; splendid location; private rest- I
| denoe. |
! EIGHTH. 10S— Front room: kitchen: hot. cold j
write--: sink; stationary tubs; sunny perch.
FLOCK of thr»e unfurnished rooms. Address
K. A., box 2111, Call offlce. ;
FOLSOM. S34 — 2 sunny connecting rooms; stove;
closet; bath; private; $10. also 1 other. $3. i
FOVRTH. 2:5 — Nice ho-jsekeei'tng- rooms; also
single rooms. j
¦ GEARY. 408— Three nicely furnished rooms; i
rent $20. I
GEARY. 1505 — 3 sunny connecting rooms, neatly j
furr.ished; ira« range; bath: run. water: $16.
GOLDEN GATE. 4 f '4— Large sunny front and I
back rooms: bath and Ras r^nsje; $13, $17 i0,
S25. $32- Call bet. 2 and «^and 7 and 8 p. m.
HARRISON. 731— Four rooms; furnished com- j
plete for housekeeping; large yard: bath; $-16. j
HOWARD, 834— Large, sunny parlors, complete
housekeeping. 12; suites, $10.
KEARNY. 223. near Sutter— A front suite. SU: I
gas. Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant ave. j
MARTHA, 6, off. Geary, near Mason— Floor 4 j
unfurnished rooms; no children; reasonable. !
NATOMA. 701. corner Eighth— 2 housekeeping I
rooms, furnished, for man and wife.
OAK. I* — Sunny rooms: suitable for housekeep-
ing. 1
OAK. 119—2 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
yard. bath, range: separate entrance; $10.
O'FARRELL. 742—3 nicely furninshed house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor. S18. S20.
PLEASANT, 28. bet. Taylor and Jones, near
Clay— A eunny bay-window suite; light house-
keeping: bath: gas.
' POLK, 1620— Three sunny furnished rooms,
I kitchen, complete; earden; bath.
SCOTT. 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: use of bath; S8 or $10 month.
SIXTH. f£L rear— 3 larce unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; cellar; water; rent J?.
! STEVENSON. 642. bet. "th and Kth— 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; central.
i THREE to five elegantly furnished Itoueekeep-
! Ir.g rooms; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
I Address LOUIS KUH. ?2S Valencia gt.
TURK. 543 — Large front room: complete for
housekeeping: gas and bath; $2 50 week.
TWELFTH. 12. near Market— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent $7 and $'.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22<X> Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- |
]<»ncia *t. .
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Unlarn. {
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to SI per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nighty
A— 'THE ELMERHOUSE." 324 Bush st.. ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel: 84 rooms; all prices.
BANCROFT. 14 Turk— Changed hands; well fur- j
nished rooms; offices; suite single; $6, $20 mo. I
BURNETT. 1426 Market *t. (old No. 1364)— Fur- \
nished rmo.. suite*, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunny corner; well furn. ; rms. & of flees.
EDDY. 532— Furnished front room; $S per
1 month.
I EIGHTH, 34B, nr. Market— One large sunny
front alcove room, with clceet; also one single.
ELLIS. 518— Front euite. beautifully furnished;
also other elegant rooms; reasonable.
' FELL. 26 — A sunny front room, running water,
/ two lar*e closets; also other rooms.
j FIFTH. JSJ-^Single furnished rooms, $3; also
1 one housekeeping, 17.
FOLSOM. 965, corner Sixth— Suite of 3 elegant
eunny corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
! FOLSOM. 965, cor. 6th (The Ollver)-Newly fur-
! nished sunny rooms, single or suites: reasonbl. j
i GEARY. 406 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished j
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated. j
! GEARY. €16— Large pleasant room; running \
I water; gas; bath; $8. j
I GOLDEN GATE. 727— Nicely furnished sunny j
I front room: gentleman; private: reasonable. |
1 GOLDEN GATE. 1526—2 unfurn. front rms. ;
j furn. kitchen, stove, sink, closets, bath; $10.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or |
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator. ¦
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission st.— Select |
family rooming house; $1 CO to 16 per week.
! HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single: tran- I
¦ient: baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor, j
j — !
! HOWARD. S29-Rocms from $1 week up to So; |
25c to $1 night: also housekeeping rooms.
j HYDE. 19— Large sunny furnished front room;
bath; telephone; reasonable.
j JONES. 17C5— Four nice, sunny rooms and bath;
• grand marine view; $13.
MASON. 213H— Nicely furnished front suite, hot
and cold water; also single rooms SI 50 up.
I MINNA. 657. 1 cor. Eighth— New~fu7nlshed bay-
window room. SI p»-r week: transient. ; a/*
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offlct-s; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POST, 239— Finest transient rooms in the city:
hot and cold water; elevator.
1 POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
j suites or singles; running water;;,gas: reas.
! ROSEDALE House. 313 and 321 Ellis »x.— Rooms, i
night. 25c to $1: week, tl 25 to S4: <n>en night.
i ROYAL HOUSE, 128 Ellis st.^Incandescent
liglit, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; roomx. per night. 2m; to SI 50; week. $2
to $6: month. $S to !2'r. elevator on offlce floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
; rear Market— FurnisheJ and unfurnished.
1 THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
I ror good people. R.' HUGHES, proprietor.
I " '*• • T .
j TURK. MS^Sunny single room: rent JJ. .
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
i A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at VfjS Va-
lenrlart.
~ " UOOM9 AM) HOARD.
HOTEL Sutherland, -cor. Jones and Sutter sts.—
Pleasant sunny elngle rooms and suites, with
board: flrst-clais, with every convenience.
j HAIGHT, 2S2 — Sunny rooms, with board for 2,
I $40 per month; also parlor suite for 2, *J60.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite cf 2 or 1
roil.: private; ba.th: sin. rms.: board optional.
NEW family hotel; exceptionally good in every
particular; summer rates. M7 California st.
PRIVATE family; large, refined home; cars or
walking distance; f25 single. S40 coupl«; no
children; gents enly: reference required. A.
B.. box 21(W. Call offlce. . • ~
VAN NESS ave.. S44 (The Wallace)— Rooma antl
w,ard; furnished and unfurnished; J2a 1
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED,
WANTED— Place for little boy, age 7, to board
and attend school; tt. Address box 23S2, Call.
M'ECIAL KOTICES.
LADIES-^ChTcheBter's English Pennroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall: at ' druit-
glsts. Chk-hester Chemical Co., Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., (15 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third.
SEWING MACHINES A\D SUPl'LIKS.
ALL klrds boueht, sold, and repairing puaran-
tec-d. Chas. Plambe.-k. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
RENTED, repaired^ bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 143 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds boueht. sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE. £ ftal'B. large loft, water and fra?,
plenty room fcr wazins. rent $16. at 1533 Fol-
<-orrt st. Apply at office. 1331 Folsom st. ;
*" i
STORAGE AM> AVAIlKIIOt-'SES. j
BKKINS Van and Storage Co., ~ZZ Mission St.,
tel. .South S3o— Packing, moving and storage.
riERCE^nnnnLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5711.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, gagn FUlmore ft. : phone Jackson i31.
TYPEWRITERS AMI SUPPLIES.
GREATT BARGAiNS~TN TYPEWRITERS-- We J
sell better machine" for !e«s money than any
house in the oitv; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Kxchnnee. S3-* California, telephone Main 26C.
BFiKELEYAraTiSEMR
i
BERKELEY REAL KSTATE. •
J?:*0 — To close estate: corner lot l"Jxl30: In 1
Berkeley; near Ashby station and l ¦ block J
from strfot^ar line: with improvements.
house k r.iotns and bath: larse ham. wind- j
nil] anl tMnk. Address ED'A'ARI) IIOEGE- j
MANN, executor, or II. A. POWELL, attor- !
ti*y. 61.1 P«fe Deposit l>i<3sr. San Francisco. |
THOROUGHLY well furnished house, in lY.t i
very best iart of Berkeley, to rer.t for 6 ji
tnorths; references n«iuired. Arrly to MA- ;
PON A MrLKNATHE.V. ftdjolninz P. O..
Berkeley P'ntlrn. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
. 1
OAKLAND UEAI. KSTATE.
$30 CASH, $iO monthly; lot 10ON256 feet; ivlll j
(¦'.itl-1 you a cottage. 3, < or 5 rooms, all com- !
I'lete; payment as cheap rent: land level and j
rich Mil; rlimato the best ami grand view; nq I
fogs nor raw winds here; you can have ele-
vated or valley land: near a 90-foot- wide boule-
vard anJ electric car line; not far from a fine
school: Westall Tract, adjoining East Oak-
land: bulldine; up rapidly; select rabbitry ami
extensive poultry plant now located here; call
ui send for circular; 4.15 Seventh St., near
corner Droadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES, j
owner. ;
BLOCK £4. must be sold, near 23d ave.. 17th St.,
East Oakland: a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT, 1112 East Six-
teenth St.. East Oakland. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
San Leandro Advertisements.
SAX LF.ANDKO REAL ESTATE.
J4000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, barn,
etc.. near San Leandro. FRANK & MCCAR-
THY. San Leandro.
mVilitt.MJ .NOT1CKS.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 103 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will t>e payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Fri-
day. June 1, 19CA Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 26, 1900^ at 11 o'clock m.
W. 1». K. GIBSON. Secretary pro tern.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMEXTS,
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change princtpal place of buil-
ne*E— Notice ia hereby given that In pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thlrds <2-Z) of the capital stock of the Ko-
wardennan Improvement Co.. a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed In the offlce of said cor-
poration, it Is the intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francieco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, In the county of Santa Cruz.
State of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated st the city and county of Son Fran-
cieco. California, this 3d day of May. A. D.
ISOO. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. bv n. DICKINSON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C until 12 o'clock noon.
May 29. 1900. and publicly opened Immediately
-thereafter, to furnish at the Mare Island
<Navy-vard the daily supply of fresh beef, fresh
vegetables, fresh bread, biscuit, tee and pro-
vender for the fiscal year ending June 30.
1901. Blank proposals will be furnished upon
application to the Commandant of the Navy-
vard, or to the Navy Pay Office, San Fran-
cisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster Gen-
eral V. S. N.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
William H. Huehes. 30, Oakland, and Jessie
M. Forster. 24, Oakland.
JosTh Clements. 49. S12H Jessie street, and
Inez Dott. 27. 812V4 Jessie street.
William Fischer. 24. 14 Antonio street, and
Louise F. Fchaefer. II. Ill O'Farrell street.
Jean Cazetou. 33. 1153 Howard street, and
Louisa I>ttannier. 4". 11.13 Howard street.
William E. Man«rer. 25. 44 Third street, and
Sarah Morton. 1R. Benicla.
Joseph C. Pierce, 27, city, and Katie M.
Barry, city.
Marcellno Lucent. 32. 41R Vallejo street, and
Lug.-mia Carrillo, S2, 41S Vallejo street.
James Kenney. f.3. f.66 Fell street, and Fran-
ces QuiRloy. 4S, 5CS Fell street.
Jamr-s R. Menpher, 23, 433',? Clementina street,
and Alice M. Moore. IS, 126 Harriet street.
James H. Wetherholt, 23, city, and Matle
E. Bockhout. 2a, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEAHTS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offlces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GILMORE— In Alameda. May S. 1900, to the
wife of J. B Gilmore. ason.
LEVY— In this city. May IS. 1900. to the wife
of Dr. J. W. Levy, a daushter.
MURRAY— In this city. April 16. 1900, to the
wife of William Murray, a son.
YAJiGER-Mn this city. May 20, 1900, to the
wife of Charles T. Yaeger. a son.
MARRIED.
IIANKINS— PPKNCER— By the Rev. J. J. Mar-
tin of Redwood City. S. Judson Hanklns and
Helen A. Spencer, both of San Francisco.
LONGFELLOW— RUNNER— In this city. May
16, 15C'0. by the Rer. Frank S. Ford. Barton
J. Lonsrfellow and Gertrude M. Runner, both
of San Francisco.
RYNNING— CHRISTOFFERSEN— In Oakland,
May 13. ISOO, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud.
Isnk Hnnsen Rynnlng: and Ingebor* Christine
("hrlstoffersen. both of San Francisco.
___
Bayless. Margaret M. Myren, Christina
Coblyn, Alexandrena Puga, Felipe B."
Dermody. James P. Rooncy, Patrick H.
Dugan, Dennis C. Schmidt. Mary A, '
Friedman. Isaiah Hmyth. Henry
Hall. Mary A. Ktanire, John I).
McOlauKhlin, Minnie Sullivan, John F.
Meyer, Marie E. Thomas, Martha T.
Miles, Joseph
BAYLESS- In this city. May 20. 1900, entered
into rest. Margaret M. Bayless, mother of
\V« F- Bayless, a native of Ireland, aced 76
years.
COBLYN— In this city. May 20, 1500, Alexan-
drena Stolk. beloved mother of Alexander
Cohlyn, a native of France.
G^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, fronj the. parlors
of Halsted ft Co., 946 Mission street.
DERMODY— In thla city. May 21. 1900. at his
residence. 609V4 Grove street, James P., be-
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanr.agran & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
T. ipnhone South i0."
loved husband of Marearet A. Dermody,
father of William E.. Arthur P.. James F.
and Anna M. Permftdy, brother of P. T. Der-
mody, and uncle of J. J. Derraody. a native
of Croughwell, County Galway, Ireland, aged
4S years.
DUGAX— In this city. May SO. 1900, Dennis C.
beloved son of Margaret and the late Corne-
lius Dugan, and brother of Nellie, Margaret,
T. J. and J. J. Dusan, a native of North
Brookfleld, Mass., aged 29 years 10 months
and 13 days. •
(CThe funeral will take place th's day
fTue?day). at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, C90 Hayes street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem hUh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
FRIEDMAN— In this city. May 21, 1900, Isaiah,
beloved son of Max and Bertha Friedman,
and brother of Wolf, Rachel and Clara.
Friedman, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 months and S days.
HALL— In this city. May 17, 1900. Mary Ann.
b«loved wife of the la.te J. V. Hal!, and
mother of Mrs. Dr. C. S. Diickett, Mrs. II.
J. We!se and Alfred, Frank and Florence
Hall.
McGLAUGHLl.V— In Alameda. May 20, 1900.
Minnie McGlaug-hlln, . beloved daughter of
Thomas and Ellen MeGlauKhlin. elster of
William anil Cora McGlaughlln. and niece of
John and Mary Foley, a native of Woon-
socket. rt. I., aged 25 years. (Rhode Island
papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to .attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Wednesday', at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her uncle, 1312 Ninth street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where? services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
MEYER— In this city, May 20. 1900, Marie E..
d>arly b?lovp<l wife of Henry Meyer, mother
ot Harry, Rudolph and Anna M. Meyer, and
sister of Jurgen Sleh, a native of Elmshorn,
Holstein. Germany, aged 23 years 9 months
and 17 dayp.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh, and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MVnnX-ln Mnrshfleid. Or., May 21. 1300.
Christina Myren. beloved wife of the late
Karl Myren. and beloved Ulster of Mrs. G.
Anderson and Martin Anderson, a native of
Bergen. Norway, aeed E4 years and 11 months.
MILES— In tht« elty. May C". 1500. Joseph, be-
loved -husband of Julia Miles, a native of
War?haw, Poland, ajeil 54 years.
ETFrlends and sr.juair.tances are respect-
f'.illy Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. H. M«t7.!er. r.3S Washington
street. . Interir.er.t IIII!» of Eternity Ceme-
tery.
PfGA-ln this city. May 10. 1900. FeilDe B.
r*Ufra. beloved son of ; <"iab!na V. de Puya. antl
l'rother of Arthur P"sa, a native of l^ilma,
M?xico. aged 2! years.
(CT' Friend f and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this .lay
• Tuesday), at 10 ••'clock, from the undertak-
!r>!7, rarlorF of O, laccherl, 629 Broadway, be-
tween Stockton and Dupont. Interment Lau-
rel Hll] Cemetery.
ROONEV-In this o!tv. May 21, 1900. Patrick
I).. In-loved husband of Catherine Uooney.
and beloved brother of JrVs. B. I^avin. a na-
tive of Ireland. e«ed G6 years and 11 months.
(ETFrifrids anO acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t>> attend the funeral to-morrow
("Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 913 Broadway, near Mason street,
thence to St. Francis Church. Vallejo street
ar.d Montzomery avenue, where a reqpiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
nf his soul, commencing- at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHMIDT-In this city. May 19, 1900. Mary A..
beloveJ wife of the late William Schmidt,
and dearly beloved mother of Maude E.
Schmidt and Mrs. James S. Fennell. and sis-
ter of Margaret Lena nan, a native of Ire-
land, aped .'.6 years.
[CTFriends and a^aualntances are respect-
fully invited to attt-nd the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 17S3 Fifteenth street, near Guerrero,
thence to Mission Dolores Church. Dolores and
• Sixteenth streets, where a requiem hitch mass
will b<» celebrated for the renose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
SMYTH— In San Lorenzo. Henry Smyth, be-
loved huftband of Mnry Elizabeth Smyth, and
f.ither of Mrs. H. i 4 . Kinsell and Harry T..
Florence, Mabel. Elf'e and Alice Smyth, a na-
tive of Antrim. Ireland, aged 73 years 3
months and IS days
G7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
STANCE- In this city. May 20. 190". John D..
beloved husband of '.Carrie Stance, and father
of 'Wnlter J. and At'thur A. Stance, and son
of Mrs. C. Stance,; and brother of Mrs. • F.
Grovermann, Mrs. C. Schmidt, Mrs. H.
Schmidt and Lena. Henry, Jack and Carl
Stance, a native of ' Germany, aged 49 years
9 months and 9 days.
fCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 7SS McAllister Ftreet. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
St'LLIVAX— In Colma. May 21. 1900, John
Francis, beloved son of Michael and Sarah
Sullivan, and brother of Annie Sullivan. «a
native of San Jose, aged 8 years and 1
month.
THOMAS-In Boston, May 20, 1900. Martha T..
widow of Cartain Joseph B. Thomas, for-
merly of San Francisco.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery issociation,
SAX FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
If deceased was a member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge for cremation, a copper recep-
tacle for the ashes and organ service is $30.
The same for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY
Colma, San Mateo Co.
OFFICE, 916 MARKET ST. Tel. So. 337
RAIXKOAD TBAVZL
I California Limited i
j Santa Fe Route |>.
X to t
I CHICAGO I
+ ''"^ ; ¦*>
-?> -:'¦ ."...:. •?¦
"*" Quickest running and most luxurious "?"
"?" train across the continent. Connecting •?¦
-?¦ train leaves San Francisco 5 p. m. Mon- •?-
+ day. Wednefday. Friday and Saturday. ¦?-
•?¦ arrivlnfc In Chicago 2:1» p. m.. In time ¦+¦
-?• 10 connect with all limited trains for ?
4 New York - ?
T - • L*ave» San Fran- .4.
T OVERLAND Cisco at *:30 p. m. T
-?¦ Wt*\i-**W1/ wlth paiaee and
X EXPRESS Tou^^^J
X DAILY * Louis. Chleag-o and T
"?"; the East. ¦?"
¦?¦ Our new line rla Valley Ry. Division Is ¦?¦
4. now open: through freights between >.
a San Francisco and Chicago are being T
"*" handled: passenger trains will take this
-?¦ route at an early date, which will be +
-4. announced. This Ia the only railway -*-
¦1 owning Its own tracks between Saa a.
Francisco and Chicago, KS0 miles.
+ San Francisco offlce. £28 Market Street +
-?¦ Phcne Main 1331-. Oakland. 1118 Broad- +
-?¦ way; Sacramento. 201 J Street: San Jose •?-
-?• ¦ 7 West Santa Clara Street. * -i-
M ILL VALLET AND MOUXT TAMALPA1S
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday-
April - 22. 1900. via Sausallto Ferry. Week
days— Leave Ban Francisco. 9:30 a. m 1*45
p. m, Sundays— Leave San Francisco, t a. rn..
9 a. m.. 10 a. zn., 11 a. m.. 1:30 p. m., 230
p. m. Tickets can.be purchased at the Sau-
tallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market at.. San Francisco. Fare,
round trlD from San Francisco. II 43.
SATLSOAD TBAVEL.
¦iHTiirnx pAcirto coji rA3T.
(rActrio st itkh.)
Train !•»«• Muil lire Uue li» xrrl** m%
MAN riUM:<M'<*.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Stream.)
Li ATI - From Mat 131 1>W. — *»«?»
•7:90* EinicU. Bultun, Elmlr*. V»e»TEJ»,
Raauer -nU d«cr»monto. ......... "7»^fc
•7i«Oa Shut* Exoru* -D_tI» Wmi-ms (for
BaxtUtt Springs), Wlllowa. liett
Bluff, Portland:.. - "7JO*
*7i39a Martinez. San lUmon. Vallejo. N-pa,
O-litti-ta aod Hanta Uoaa # 9il3f
••:00a Da*U. Woodl-nd. Kcl.-ti Laadiag.
M_r7«>ille. «>ro»Uto_ «TH3^
•»¦••« Atlaatio Ki>nu- Ocdea -ad Kaat ?H;»1_
••i»»» San .lu«-, I.iieriuutr. Mtocklou,
lone. aici»Mnau>. FlMtnUa.
M»r;»tiilr. Chlco. Kalliluif MilJr
•*i3I>a Oikdaie. Chtneaa (for YciemlU).
H mur* Carter*. MiISf
•O:no» ll»}x%rls. NilM*-4 Way SteUona. *lls-t3_
¦V:«»i Lm Aaj:ie» Ezpren — Marttuez.
Tracy, Latbrvp, oiocktoa. Merctd
and Krp.no a «l43r
•0:30a V»;irJ... Maitlnct and War Station* *«i I5r
•IO:«Oa Th« Oierland limited— Oidao. Dao.
»er. Ouiiu. Cbicafi a Sil3r
•I !:««»» Nilci. LJratmorn. Su«« ton. Sao»-
. mculo. Mendota. Uanfoid. Viaalla,
I'urtenllle MilUp
•I 4:00k IlaywarOs. Mleaaud VTty 8Utloni. •i>**r
1l:l»Or S«eramciitoUlf*r Steamer* {3:00a
•:::»» p IUf iraril*. NIUs aoU Way Station*;* *St«Sp
•l:«ur Muliiim. Han ltmiumi. ValUJo.
N'»p,.. t;»!»l»i». .-t».it* Koi» ?»¦«»»
•l = O»r neoieia. Vlnten. Saeiamttaia,
W0.1.IU111I. KnikUU LaixllJg.'
MaryMillo. Orttvllle •I«:I1 4
•!>:to> Mint. H*u.li>Ma<»<l Stockton *7it3p
•S:<M>rTha Owl Limited— Tracj. Tresoo.
--•. -.-¦ HiKcrsflii.l. ,Sa:igii» fjr S»nt» B*r-
Itara, !.<•» Antrim *»:43»
*3:90p Fresno PAuengir— Maxtinez. Ltth<
rop. Stucttaa, Merceil. Bemdft
(HarmniMl for YomiqIW), Vtetuo.. *!3:t9p
•3:3«r Kew Xeaor Eipre**— IUkar»H«lil.
.-i»»t« !Url.»r«. i.,i« Alt«-lfV !)«•>•
iur. Kl P»io, >e«t Orleaua aud
Bait ••««»»
•3il«P NmU Vm K«inl«— A tlaiillo EipfMS
fur Unjate awl Ka<» I **>l3p
•0:OOr H»T»anl». Nile* aud Hau Jo*» *7»4»4
t»:O»r Vmilrj.. 'lailSp
•«>O«r Orlent*l Uall-Oeiien. Caeyean*.
Omaha. Chicago *llr<Sa
••:OOp Oriental M»ii-I>xd«n. Dtnvcr.
Omaha. CI:icaj->. *4il3p
{7:00p TallrJ<i, l'»rl fmt% and Way Sta-
tloua !¦'**'
•»i»»r OrcKmt ami California K»i-««« ",o.
tnnwili.. M.r,-.illr. l.VI.H..^.
rnrtl».,.l. !•!.«»> S...I...I au.l Kut •¦il»A
(OAST IHTlNlON f.Wittt? llauf).
'.Vm.t ut »Tk.t Slrect.l
17:43» h»i:* Cruz Kicnnlon for Rnn&a.
Crux and 1'riocipal Way Steciona I*:«3r
•SiISa Newark. CiutenU.c.f en Juee. Kelti>u.
Bouldtr Cr>-9«. .Santa Crux aud Way
KUtlm.a ••«»•»
tasl.ir Newark CeotarTllla. £an Jom, Naw
Almaileu, Velton, Itnulii^r 0re«k.
Santa. 4.°nta aixl l'riucipal Way
St.tl.,.., flui3u<,
•lil.fr Newark. Man Jnee. IxiaGato* •<*:--n»»
al:l3rOlen-ood. Felton. Santa Crm «W:.1i>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtaSiS fStlCUW— »..t »t Mufctt SUmI (Sli» IV—
*7:I» too II iW».a. Ii:: *2.S3 t3:3S
•1:33 tS:30 *l:33r.ii.
fuaO»UU3-rnt 1' Jn»l«.f.— '(SOO 6:00 10.00».U.
H2:C3 *1:S3 »:03 *3;C3 t«S3 -yZZr.u.
<:OAST DITIMO1 illri.aiM.it.r-).
(Thin I »ikI Jo^inie>-i St»)
t«ll«A Ocean View. .Imith Man Praoeiacri.. t*:3e>r
t7lwO« Nan .In«s h.,,1 W.r Htnlimm (New
Alinailen'Wetrieidaianiili) •l>B*r
17:30* Snndsy Exeunfon f ¦ r K»n Joae,
Santa Cruz. Padfle Gro*a aod
Principal Way Station* t»s»3»
•»,oo« Man .1.-.. Tro Ii.ua. Haarta i'rui.
Paeiiie limn. !'**•> IChlm. San
Lull ()l>iai><>, fiiirf, I,oi:.;oe antl
Vritiel^l Way hUtimit •<•:!••
•l«i4Ot San Joie ami Way .Station* 'fti***
•I li:lo« NanJn*e.LoeOatos>in<l\VarSt.ttlnii* *3:3«p
tat-t.tr San Mates* K.-.lw,**). Menln Patk.
Palo Alto. Santa C'lar*. M».. .lorn.
Tre* Ploo*. .Santa Crm, Salinas.
Mnnterrj anrl I'aciftc (Irnfr 410:3114.
ti::i»r^n.Ioi-»pi.l Way »t«tlui>* *7:3i»p
H:l3r San Joeeand Principal WayStatlaiit *'J:-I3a
t5:O*)rSan .lo.e. Lc% Gatoe and Principal
Way Stations M>:O»a
••1 :Mr fhiijon in<l Prloeipal Way Station* ?»:¦'••¦*»
•«:.tnr San.Inse an<l WayHtatinn* )1:IM>\
«ll:45p San Jo*i>«mt Way sutlmn ?7:SOr
A for Moruirir, I* fi»r A fternoon.
•Daitj. t ••JtitMay neepted. I Sunday oalf-
• Saturday only. •
• Satnrda* anrt Sn»"1a» e *<tmhT and Mon<1tT
aiDFOKNU NOBTGWESTERN RY. Cd
L.ESSSB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIF15
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry, Foot of Market St
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HArAEL,
WEEK DA.TS— 1:30. >:00. 11:00 a. m. ". 12.JS.
t:». 5:10. «:M p. m. ThursJay*— Extra trip
at 11:30 v. m. Saturdays— Extra trtya ax X:M
and 11:10 t. m.
BUNDATS-«:M. 1:10. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:30. J:JO»
6:00. 6:30 d. m.
BAN RAPABX TO BAN FRA?ICISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10. T:5». »:». U:W aw o.: 13:«.
I:«0. 5:15 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra, tiisa aX
l:fifi and «:« d. m.
¦UNDATS-S:15, 1:40. U:10 a. ex; 1:49. 1:40.
6:03. (:2S p. m.
. B«twe«n San Francisco aad Schoetsen ¥*r*
amroe achadule aa above.
Leare I In Efftct. I ArtlT»
Baa Francisco. [Apr. U. 1>00.| San Tnnelaeo.^
Week I Bun- 1 I Sun- I Week
Day*. ( daya. | Pwatlnatton.) day*. I Dar»-
T:SO am »;W »m Noratav. 10:40 ant S:4O am
1:90 pm 1:30 am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:25 in*
1:19 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I:S5 pm| »:S> pm
Fulton.
T:SO am Windsor. ' 10:23 mm
Healdsbarr-
Lytton.
Oeyaer*iI1e.
1:80 pm l<0 «m CloTcrdala. 7:35 pm <:20 pm
T:tO ami I Hopland I . |10:n *m
l:i0 pml tM ami and Uklah. I 7:33 pia! <:») pm
1:30 in 10:23 ara
8:C0arn Guernevill*. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm • J »:»pa
T:10am 1:00 am Sonoma 1:15 ami S:«0aa
and
1:10 pm »:00 pm Glen Ell^n. «:05 pm[ 1^9 pra
7:!t3 ami 8:P0 ami [I3:it am'10:23 aax
1:80 pm| B:00 pm| Seba«tcpol. f 7:SS pml 6:20 pm>
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wei:
Springs and TVhlt« Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altraria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: a£
Oeyservllle fop Skasca Sprlnca: at CloTerdalw
for the- Gvysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs. Kalseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Sprlnirs. Soda Bay. LaXeport and Bartlstt
I Bprlngs; at Uklah for Vichy Rprlns*. Saratogm
I Bprinc*. Blua Lakes. Latir-t r>n Lake. Witte*
¦prlnca. Upp»r iJike. Pom". Potter Vall*y.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerl^y's. Bucknell's.
Banhedrln Helchts. HullTilf*. Orr-a HoC
tprlnrs. MeBdorlno City. Fort Brarc. West-
port Uial. Willlti. LartonTiHs. Cummlna.
Bell's Sprint*. Harrl*, Olsen'a. Dyer. Seotlak
Saturday* to Monday roana trtv tickets a*
¦ On° Bnnday ronnd trip t!ek-t« to all point*
%eyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. CO Market St.. Chronic!* bid*,
Jt C. WHITINO. R- X. BIAS.
1 Oetieral Manager. Pen. Faaa. Agoat.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.!
Via Sautallto Ferry. \
Comrnendnr April 22. 150*.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAXJLET1
AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEKK DAY&-7:»0, »S:J9. 9:80. 11:00 a. m-S
J2:45. '1:45. *:1*. *:!*. ••:!-". *:15. «:40 p. m. :
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Sam
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdaya, Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:83 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •9:00. «10:00. U:60. n:3»
a. m-: 12:43. »1:89. t:8». 'S^ 6:09. «:00. 7:»
p. m
11:00 a. ta. does not run to San Rafael Sua-
days.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-8:S5. ••:». 7:30. i:40. 1»:U a^
an.: 1X:JO. 1:U. *:U. *S:» 4:30. S:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *«:45 and 10:20 p. m.
8CNDAY9-«:13. IM. •»:«>. 'U^a. m.:*!*:*
m.: 1:00. ::«. # J:30. 4:3». •*:«. «:43. 7:30, MJ*
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Queatln. ¦
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:53. «:4i. 1:00. 8:56. 10:» a,
Bi.: 11:83. 1:49. 1:43. 3:»8. 4:30. 8:M p. ra,
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesxlaj*
and 8atnrx}ay!i at 7:10 acd 10:Zi) p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:JS. J:O5. 10:05. U:10 a. m.: 13:13,
1:20. 1:80. 8:43. 4:53. •:». 7:05. 10:39 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN a
7:C0 a. m. week day*— Catadero and way sta-
tions.
1:13 p. tn. Saturday*— Caxadero aad way sta-
tions.
1:15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturday* ezeepted)—
Point Reyts and way stations.
I:M t. n. Sunday*— Caiadero and way ita*
tlons.
12:45 p. aa. Sundays— Polat Reyes asd waji,
¦cations. ; ; ¦
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago? Kansas City aad St. Louis
to
New York aad New England Points.
Finest Uuough train service, with polite aad
courteous ftjpployes. Stop-off atlowed at Um
Falls. Rfta C CLINK. P. C. P. AgL.
Los Anzeles. CaL.
C 8. CRANE. G. P. Agt..
St. Loul». Mo,
at Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
162oKEaR!ITST. KsUbll3h«l
A In 1 %34 for the treatment of Private
W Diseaaea, Lo-<t .Manhood Debility or
Hk disease *>earinK ou body and mind and
¦ Sic In Dtoeaaes. Tba doctor cur«swb«n
H others fall. Try him. Chare** low.
a««r«ioarnnlrrj. CaUoTWrtt*.
Dr. 4, f. VlJBBO.N. Box 1957,dAa i'raactaco.An authority on Belgian hares, get the Park
Vvkb every wreck. A great story paper. •
G. T. Work was selected by the Board
of Education yesterday to be supervisor
cf manual training in the grammar
schools of this city. His salary has been
fixed at S200 per manlh, commencing from
July 1. Mr. Work is at present taking
graduate work in the Teachers' College
of New York. He received his training in
the normal schools cf Indiana and Penn
sylvania, the Boston . Sloyd Training
School and the Teachers' College of Co
lumbia University. /'".'.;
Miss D. Beebe.a graduate of Teachers'
CcllFge. .New York, was elected super
visor of drawing In the primary schools,
at a salary of $100 per month.
Thp position of special teacher of his
tory in -the primary schools was abolished
and Mrs. Hattle li. Steele transferred to
the d«y substitute list, the change to
take effect August 1. Laura li. Barrow3
of the Henry Durant School petitioned
to be placed on the retired list. Re
ferred to the retirement committee.
A revised salary list for teachers in the
public schools, Intended to make salaries
uniform, v.as adopted by the board. It
is as follow,?:
Iflsh schools— Principals. f2.">0: heads of de
partments 1155: ass'stant teachers. fW>: assist
ants alter one year's experience, $110: two
yeari, J1?J: three yearn. $130; four years. JH 1 );
teacherb of drawing. $135: teachers of French.
Orman and <1r«wlnK. $l. r ,0; head teacher of
drawlr.p wood carving and clay modeling In
l'olyte'hnic High Scho«pl. tlX",; assistants. 175:
teacher* of French, German or Spanish in one
high school. $100: in two high school?. $135;
teacher of Iron work in manual training de
partment $110; teachers in bookkeeping, stenog
raphy, t'ypewritlng and penmanship. J75;
KUl.stitute*. per day. t3.
In JixinK the salary of high school teachers
experience in regularly organized high schools
In the United States, under a high school cer
tificate shall count.
Primary and rrenmar schools— Principals,
primary schools, tlitefnor more classes. $l&0;
all primary schools, between seven and fifteen
classes, Inc'.urire. fl3&: three, four, five and
elx classes. $115; two elates. $105; one. class.
$1(X>: principals of grammar schools having
eighteen or more classes, . $2ftX less than eigh
teen classes. S17T.; grammar schools shall b«
entitled to one vice principal at $1JS; primary
schools of sixteen or more classes to vice prin
cipal fct $200.
H«Krular teachers of grammar and primary
crade classes— Grades will be designated ' as
first, reeond, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh
and elehth: first year, $50: thereafter a yearly-
Increase of J2 60 "vex month for second, third
and fourth grades and |3 per month for first,
Board of Education Fixes a
More Uniform Scale
of Wages.
SALARY LIST OF
LOCAL TEACHERS
IS EQUALIZED
THE McGlade case before Judge Cook
came to a sudden and unexpected
stop yesterday. Three jurors de
manded that they be excused from
the panel. Counsel for the defense re
fused to entertain an excuse for the cause
they alleged and counsel for the prosecu
tion moved that the whole jury be dls
chargred and that the case start over
again.
The three jurors asked for their llberty
on the ground that it had been stated that
they had been irregularly drawn. They
declared it was a reflection upon them and
they did not wish to serve under the cir
cumstances. Then Otto I. Wise, special
counsel fcr the prosecution, came forward
with an affidavit to the effect that the
jury was irregular and making charges of
irregularity against Oscar Tulle, the court
clerK who" drew the jury. There was a
hot argument for a few minutes, when
it was decided to allow the matter to go
over until this morning, when it will be
heard before the three Superior Judges of
criminal departments. Judge Lawler,
Judee Cook and Judge Dunne.
J'^B. Williams was the first juror to de
mand his release. He was followed in his
plea by John Corbett and then by A
Hiller, "but their prayer was not heeded.
Then Mr. Deuprey, the assistant District
Attorney, ro^e and suggested that, as
what he had to pay was not exactly prop
er for the jury to hear, it be ordered to
withdraw from the courtroom. .T. J.
Lennon, who represents McGlade. object
ed on the ground that the jurors, having
heard fo much, had better hear the re
mainder. His objection to their absence
prevailed. Deuprey moved that the Jury
be discharged on the ground of irregular
ity and read an affidavit sworn to by Otto
I." Wife.
The fore part of the affidavit related to
the drawing of the first nine Jurors. The
panel had been exhausted on May 15 and
the Judge had ordered a special venire
of forty to be returned by the Sheriff.
This panel also was exhausted on May 1C
and the court ordered twenty-five names
to be urswn from the general jury box.
He aJso ordered attachments against
eight r.f the special venire of forty, who
had failed to respond. These were re
turnable on May 17. The affidavit then
picks up the case on May 17 and g;Tes on
to relate:
At thitt time but three vacant chairs remained
in* the Jury box and the clerk proceeded to im
panel the "balance ot this jury: that from the
box he drew the names of Corl>ett. Willis and
Hi'.ler, all of whom had been subix»naed by
ordt-r of the court for the special venire, and
no r.->.mes from the lift of twenty-live ordered
by the court were called. 1 then went to the
desk of the clerk upon which the jury box was
placed and looked into the said jury box, where
I s.-iw that the names of Jurors upon the slips
of 'iar>er were not placed in the box \n com
pliance with custom and the law. but that
WILL PROHIBIT
BETTIHG UPON
PRIZE FIGHTS
Ordinance Intended to Close
Poolrooms Passed
to Print.
Is Now Illegal.
Supervisors Impose License of S1O
Per Quarter on Nickel Card Ma
chines — Freak Advertising
Every poolroom In this city will be
closed If the ordinance introduced by
D'Aiicona at yesterday's meeting of the
Board of Supervisors be ultimately de
clared a law of the municipality. The or
<iinaiice. which -was passed to print, is in-
Tended to prohibit gambling by pool-sell
lJ)£. pool-buying, bookmaking. or any sys
tem of registering bets or wagers on con
tests betwetii men.
The beard at its last meeting passed an
ordinance against gambling on horse and
dog races. This permitted the selling of
pools on boxing or prize-lights, but the
present ordinance will make the law a
sweeping one and prevent pool-selling of
*U1 descriptions in this city and county.
tfuporvisor DAncona, In presenting his
ordinance, stated that the action or his
associates in prohibiting betting on
liorse x>r dog rates and permitting it on
*xintesis beiwec-n ir.en was inconsistent.
"The poolroonis are a menace to the
youth or this city," said D'Ancona. "Sit
uatt-u as they are on tne open streets they
are a continuous temptation, and they are
the means whereby many countrymen
who vlsst here axe fleeceu. fool-selling
BbOUld be prohibited aMogether and no ex
ception should be made.
Connor moved thai the ordinance take
the usual proceeding, that of being re-
If-rred to a committee, but Brandenstein
objected on the ground tnat the subject
mat lor had already been "thrashed out
both in committee and In the board. The
motion to refer v.as lost, and the ordi
mmr was passed to print by Booth,
BraBfienatefn; Comte. Curtis, D'Ancona,
Jjwyer. Jenningv, Mapuire. McCarthy,
¦tsanderson and 'iobin voting aye. The or
dinance follow?:
Section 1. It fhall be unlawful for any person
In the city and county of Kan Kranclsco to sell
or buy jx>ols. or make book*, or make any bet or
vagtrs wherein money or other representative
«jf value, or ether anirin ot value, are staked
vr vledced on contests between men.
Sec. 2. Xo person otherwise competent as a
xsitnets is disqualified from testifying as euch
«-..neernir.K the off* ns»t In this ordinance de-
I.ned on the ground that sucti testimony may
criminate eucta w;tness under tiie provisions of
this (!i-di::;i!ue; but r.o prosecution can atter
¦ttani be had BCam^t any such witness for any
< jjtesce defined in this ordinance concerning
t*ec. 3. Ar.y i«?rson violating: the provisions of
this ordinance shall he RMiUy of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished
1 y a line njt excee-'.ine rive hundred dollars
«; •. or L> imprisonment not exceedins six
nw-jiths.
Consideration of the bil. limiting the
"heislu of fences or other structures for
advertising purposes was postponed until
Friday afternoon at 2 o'cioi k. Branden-
Btrfa requested that in order that all in-
Tt-KFted parties might l>e heard on the
measure it be leferred to th» ioint «'om
xnittt-e on Judiciary and Streets, which
will men on the day mentioned.
The ordinance imposing * license tax of
51U per quarter on nickel-in-tlie-slot card
or sa mining machines? was finally passed.
Hotalinx opposed It on the ground that
the increase from $3 would lessen the
chances of lhos<» who played the devices.
li' was outvoted.
The- ordinance imposing- a license of Jl»
jv-r annum on nr«-t cars containing ad
vertiBementJi vraa indefinitely postponed
on mommen<lation of thf License and
Order Coimmlttoy D'Anoona explained
That he favored a license of $j0 or JKf), as
he <vinsider<--d strtet car advertising objec
tionable. Comte stated that it wa«= in
tended to throw the burden <jf the license
on th<- street car companies, but it had
been fr>uml that the plan was impractica
ble. The Mayor declared that the compa
nies may he prohibited I'mm advertising
In th<ir tar?, as their franchises do noi
fe'rant them that prhiltge. and the Ju
diciary Committee was instructed to in
vestigate the matter.
The ordinance restricting and regulating
tadvertislns ami prohibiting Creak displays
•Jn that connection was finally passed.
The ordinance HmUinir the number of
subscribers on le'.ppn'.me party lines to five
m finally passed.
Miscellaneous Business.
The City Attorney ran directed to f'jrr.ish
sn opinion as to whether the board has the
power under th«" charter to fix- the rates to
be ohsrped !•>• Idepbo&e cempanies for supply
ing telephonic service.
A bill was passed to print authorizing the
credit system In the jails End prisons.
Supervisor <7omte presented an ordinance re
duc.r.K the license fee upon boats plying on
the bay from !!'.' to $j.
Ati* crdir.am-.- imposing a license of %'Z a
quarter on persona, associations and corpora
tions encased in the tiuslness of l>i!l|iosting.
artvertlrinr.. sicn painting and streetcar ad
vert isiiiK war r»f«-rred to the joint Committee
»>n Streets and Judiciary.
An ordinance whs j>as*ed to print imposing
a prafluat^i t!£esae of 12 to $> per quarter,
according jo xh* 1 amount of fousinpfB done, on
! rest a urantt where liquors ar»" Hold to l>e drunk
«rti the premises Jn <juantitie» jess than one
«juart.
An ordinance, providing for the erection, con
struction an>: jJtf-ration of tv:i! Jir.<??= to Oe ured
.for theatrical or -.pt-ratic purp-s?»* or for pub
'llc «"ntert;iinnic:-.i.« of any kind and prescribing
; rules and rcsulattooa to be complied with by
the owners. mana»rerr or lessees wZa referred
; to the iiuard of Works and Judiciary Com
! xnlttee. • • ..' -¦
A resolution was adopted directing; the Board
of I*ubMc ¦\Vorks to tr.ake a survey of tfte
• Ft ret- is in the vicinity of Twenty-sixth and
j Douplats F'.r^et?. whore the quarry of Gray
;J*r>»th<Tfc Is located.
¦ An ordinance v.-a» parsed to print' dlrtx-ting
; the Hoard of I'uhiic Works to pay the mon»-y»
.collected for aav*rt*Flr.K <'harg«-F into the city
'treasury and firecttSC 'he Treasurer to credit
fit to the su!)ilvisl'):i of the general turd known
us depoeKb for advertising.
The eVrk ( f the board nu directed to ad-
! vrrt:s» for biuft for propvsals for the burial
• of ' lndiRent d^ad.
The board will meet on Wednesday afternoon
}t \ 4 o'clock !n order to allow property owners
to discuss the next tax levy. Several commtt
t»e« from improvement clubs will attend the
iRieetln*.
Numerous bids for hospital supplies were re
ceived. It was decided to open them at the
next meeting.
Referred to Committees.
TJir following |ietltiune were referred to ccm
«jlttees:
From property owners- Protertinn ait.iirn't tho
recommendation <-f the 15'jard ><t Education that
Columbia Square l>e maui- a pul.lir playground.
Merchants' Ai=?««'lat inn— Advising ti-.at a cen
tral dumi>insr j-mtSon lor the reception of street
»weeplns* It e«iat>ii«h«-d at Klevcnth and llry-
•D. Jtoth— Aca'r.rt th* passage cf any ordi
nance bDowOS lofty .i.jv.-tuntiR fence*.
Po'.rt lxl-os Improvement Ctafe— Aoktes for
*lectHc Ii2h:» i in Kichinond dli>tric-l and an ap
l«-opriatlon of $.v/jo to pave Fulton ctrert, be
tween Stanjan and Kir-Ft avenue; also protest
jKP«n«tan>=t s.ny reduction In street oar fares.
Kureka Valley and Park Ijine Improvement
Club— Arking when th* i»-t;tlon for a new
«c!ioolhous<- at K!gh!.eenth and Danver* streets
will l*> m< tod urxm.
Federation of Misrior. Iranrov»m«»nt < - lub»—
JndorFir.fr the petition for a new nchoolhous^ in
liureka VaiWi'.
Real rotate and Iievelnpment Company— For
penr.isKion M build a Fj-ur track for switching
j>ur}"«** or. MisRissijpi street, from Seventeenth
to th* (Southern l'acific Conipuny'n tracks.
Merchants' Association— A<iv|f.|nK the re^cind
!r.(t ot th«> ordinance prohibitlnB the sprinkling
cf bituminous sav»:nient*.
EtatdMTB* Hoard of Tmd<> — Inviting the Ru
l-«Tvl*or»i to attend the annual celebration of
iiutchert-' day to be held on Hay n.
Official Communications.
The foliowinp communioitlon» from public
officials »ere received:
<*ltr Attorney I>an*»— Statin* that the propoiwd
ordinance fframin* the Valley road a-franchite
nn Illinois «n»et !* valM.
Auditor Wells— S-'ubmiulnr a rtatement nbov-
Init th»- condition of the general fund, indicating
& r.o?Bibie <:t-3oit of fTK.TTt «.
Board of Education— Requesting that the eum
oi f.-.'nn be n*>t aside for th- maintenance of a
children's playground In Columbia Squire.
IJoard of Fire <^<wnmiFsioner» — Calling atten
tion to the nee.J of larger water mains in vari
ou* paitF cf the city;
Hoard of Health— A*kiriK «n extension of time
In which to tile its rejx>rt upon the xnoct suit
able Kite for a <¦)•;¦" and county hoepltal.
Hoard of I*ubji<- Works — AFltSng the Super-
Visor* to define their attitude regarding e - n
croarhTTients on sidewalks and rtrerts; also rec
ommending that Seventh street, near Hubbell,
be i'dved with basalt blocks.
¦i Dr. W. H. Mays resumed practice 1118
Butter, cor. Larkin; res., Hotel Granada.*
JWhen that tired feeling cornea over you, drink
Jesse Moore "AA" whisker.
CONTRACTORS FOR THE
HOSPITAL ARE SCARED
May Refuse to Supply City Unless
the Necessary Cash Is in
' Sight.
Dr. George E. Sussdorf. ««uperlntendent
of the City and County Hospital, appeal
ed to Auditor Welte yesterday for pome
assurance that would enable him to nulft
the fears of the men. who supply the nos
pital with necessities, who have been lea
to believe that they will not be paid by
the city or that they J would be forced .to
wait for their pay because of the. ex
tremely low tide In the clty'n finances. "
Auditor Wells could only stato to th©
doctor that the < contractors must take
their chances, unless the Supervisors
take Immediate action to relieve the situ
a 1 1 o n.WUBBttKB^tottKSfSi
SHEEHAN IS SQUARE
WITH TAX COLLECTOR
Scott Says His Predecessor Does Not
Owe, Him a Cent and Makes
n Statement.
I5x-Tnx Collector Nhwhnti i^nt n com
munlcntlon t$ Urn Ituurd Of Supervisors
yontrrdny, f Inclosing tabulated' sheets
showing prrors mrulo In posting taxes up
on the properly roll fif 18W, with a request
tnat thn Auditor mid Tnx Collector be
authorized to iniiko tho m-censury correc
tions. r .
In the forennon.hu prpncntrd a copy of
tho same stnUrncnt to Tnx Collector
Scott, toRcthnr with n tciuior of inn \ n
cash, to sfjuarr up ilnllivjunnolps In his
books. Scott refused thp trnder and n«l
vised his prerit'CPKnor to petition tlm Bun
ervisora- In^tho manner whlr-li he uftrr
ward did. .
"I do not understand Shonhan's state
ment." said the Tnx Collector Intrr In the
day. "but I do not havo to, for no fur as
I am concerned ho owes the city nothinc
When! tow the ninm 1 hud the books
exported and my balance sheet and hk
tallied within 8 cents. If there are any
discrepancies It must be In his accounts
with , the or some, other official
He is square with me. V.;- ' '
Notice to Passengers.
lloimd-trlp transfer tickets on sale at
any of our dfflCCflJ One trunk (round trip).
[VO vrntf". Morton Special » Delivery. 408
Taylor Blrt'^t, ¦S ( > Market street, Oakland
terry depot. •
COMMISSION POSTPONES.
PROPOSED EXAMINATIONS
The Many Applicants for Clerkships
Must Await Final Action by
the Court.
New San Francisco, so far as the Intro
duction of civil service In the various
branches of the government Is concerned,
is in an unsettled condition to say the
least. The Civil Service Commission met
last evening and indefinitely postponed the
proposed examination for . "Ordinary
Clerks." which was scheduled to take
place on the evening of May 25. There
were many matters which would have en-
Kaged the attention of the commission at
the meeting last evening had it not been
for the existence of the temporary writ
of injunction heretofore, issued by Judge
Cook, restraining any action on the part
of the board until the further order of
court. This writ was granted In accord
ance ' with ; the prayer of the complaint,
filed for the purpose of testing- the consti
tutionally of the clauses In the charter
establishing the commission.
After {the reading of the minutes of the
last meeting of the board and discussing'
pome minor propositions the matter of the
proposed, examination for "Ordinary
Clerks" was taken 1 up in executive ses
sion. The board decided finally to Indefl
rltely postpone the examination and
await the action of the court In the mat
ter of the complaint and restraining order
now before it. : . •-
A resolution was introduced by Mc-
Carthy at yesterday's meeting of the
Board of Supervisors in which the Tax
Collector is directed to bring suit against
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany to recover the large amount due
the city. The sum represents the amount
of license taxes of $2 per quarter Imposed
on electric . machines by an ordinance
adopted three years ago, but which haa
never been enforced. The order adopted
by the present board taxing telephone!
operated in this city at 50 cents t»nch p«;r
quarter, which has been disregarded by
the telephone corporation, will itlm> tlgure
in the suit.
The suit is the outcome of tho com
pany's refusal to pay the license which
fax Collector Scott demanded Sfvrnil
weeks ago. For this refusal John I. Hnbln,
president, and F. W. Eaton, *ccrptnry of
the company, ar*> now iind*r nrre?<t nnd
are out. on obnds. They «ro liable
to a line of $100 each, hut Supervisor Me
Carthy says that they will imt wlpo out
the company's obligations to the city by
so doing.
"The officers of the company may ho ar
rested every day," said McCarthy In pre
senting his resolution, "but 1 do not con
sider this sufficient. They might be nr
rested Indefinitely and the city would not
be receiving Its just ('lUes. The question
sn/nild be determined in the civil courts
and the City Attorney .should present* tho
city s side of the case."
The resolution recites:
,.}\ h . eroas - -L'nder the provisions of subdivision
XL\ III of section 10 of Order No. l.W, a license
Is Imposed upon weighing, phonographic,' for
tune telling, punching, lifting, electric ma
chines, etc.; and ,
"Whereas, T'nder the provisions of Ordinance
r»o. 28. a license Is imposed for maintaining
and operating telephonen In this city and coun
ty: and
Whereas. The Pacific Telephone and- Tele-
Rraph Company has failed and neglected to pay
the licenses provided to be paid by said order
and ordinance anil at this time there ts due
and owing from Bald company a large sum of
money to cover the license tax Imposed by the
aforesaid order and ordinance: therefore
Hesolved. That the Tax Collector be nnd he
is hereby directed to commence suit In the name
of the city and county or San Francisco against
said Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company
to recover the sums of money due this city and
county by said Pacific Telephone and Telegraph
Company for the licenses required to b« paid
under the provisions of said Order No. 1589 and
Ordinance No. : 28. : . . « . •
Collector Scott Directed to
Proceed Against the
Corporation.
CITY WILL SUE
FOB TELEPHONE
LICENSE TAXES
fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth, until the fol
lowing maximum of salaries is reached:
first jtrade — First year. Jo6; second year, $5!>;
third year, JC2: fourth year. $55; fifth year. $CS;
sixth year, $71: seventh year, $74; eighth year,
$77; nlr.th year, $-0; tenth year, $S3.
Second, third or fourth grades— FlrRt year,
J^>; second year,. V>2: third year, $V>: . fourth
yenr. $j"'oO; fifth year. $60; sixth year. $62 5<):
seventh year. 565; eiehth year. $67 30: ninth
year, 170; tenth year. $73; eleventh year, $76.
Fifth and sixth grades— $S0.
Seventh and eighth Kradeg— $S3.
Provided, the maximum salary paid to the
holders of primary certificate* shall not ex
ceed J6S per month.
Assirtants in primary end grammar Schools
teaching German and English, drawing- and
English. French and English or music and
English, havinc special certificates to teach
such special subjects. $5 per month In addition
to their salaries according to the schedule.
Evening schools— Salaries of principals: Busi
ness, J100; Franklin. $C0; Hamilton. J85; Horace
Mnnn. $S5: Humbokn. J100; Irvinsc Scott, $30;
I>lncf»ln. $100; Richmond. $J0; Sprin* Valley. $.V>;
¦\Vashlnsrton, $!K>; assistants in evening schools,
J.jO; assistant? In evenfns bieh »ohools, $60;
head teachers of mechanical drawing, ?6Q.
I>partment at large— Supervisor of vocal mu
sic. $100; assistant. $75; supervisor of di awing
in erammnr department. J10G; In primary de
partment, J1C0; supervisor manual tralnlns of
grammar tchools, }200.
Office and chop employes — Assistant . secre
taries, each, f 125: stenographers, Board of Edu
cation and Superintendents office. $75; messen
cer, Board of Education. t"S; mes.iencer. • Su
perintendent's office, ITS; storekeeper. 1125; as
sistant ptorekeejier, J73: teamster, -supply de-
Fl^ies and deductions — Fine of 50 cents for tar
diness in day Schools (and evening schools; y,
fin* for failure to acknowledge receipt of . cir
culars and letter* from tHe office of : the'.Su
perintendent or from the Kuan! of Education:
deduction of 1-30 for «ach day's , absence. No
excuse to be absent from school with pay shall
be granted to any principal or teacher of this
department except under suspension of rules
and by Epec'.al action of the Board of Educa
tion, except for • three days on account of tho
death of a relative within the first degree of
consanguinity or of husband or wife.' Fine of
l> for principals failing to make correct report
of absentees on last school day of month.
URGES ACTION TO SAVE
THE REDWOOD FORESTS
Supervisor Reed Submits Report to
Supervisors as^a Result of Visit
to the Big Basin.
Supervisor Reed submitted a report at
yesterday's meeting of the Supervisors on
the preservation of the redwood forests
of Santa Cruz and San Mateo counties. In
accordance with a resolution. Reed went
as the board's representative to examine
the redwoods in company with a commit
tee from San Jose, Santa Cruz. Stanford
University, . State Normal School, Santa
Clara College and other interested parties.
The report states that there are yet re
maining of hundreds of thousands of acres
of redwoods only about thirty-five thou
sand acres, divided betweoir' Santa Cruz
and San J.lateo counties. It is proposed to
make of this a national park. The forest
that yet remains is solid because it Is far
thest from the railroad. All of the land
from Santa Cruz to the standing timber
has been completely devastated by the
lumber men and forest fires. The report
continues:
"The present rate of devastation is 4»A
square miles per year. There are 44 square
miles of standing timber left. If anything
Is to bo done It must be donu quickly. The
Interest of San Francisco in the preserva
tion of the trees lies in the fact that if
they arc destroyed a very important por
tion of Sin • Francisco's potential water
supply will bo ruined. It is said that $2 -
WW.OOO would buy and preserve all these
redwoods and give us at the doors of San
Kninvlwo tlilft wonderful forest as a herl
tngo forever."
Firemen Did Not Know ; the Body
Was in the Ruins Until After
the Fire Had Been Ex
tinguished.
Hugh Rodden, a barber, was. burned to
death last night in a fire which partially
destroyed his shop at 406 Folsom street.
The explosion ofia lamp caused the blaze.
The body was taker! out of-the ruins after
the fire department- had-flnished Its work.
Rodden was employed during the even-
Ing, and at S:JO started to close his place.
A coaloil lamp exploded and scattered
burning oil about the room. The barber
rushed into the street and caused an
alarm to be turned in from box 51.
Before the department arrived Rodden
hurried back into the burning building.
No- one- knew that he had entered, and
the., firemen devoted their attention ex
clusively to extinguishing the blaze. When
they started to clean up the debris they
were horrified to discover a charred corpse
close to the donor.
It is supposed that Rodden returned to
the building in the hope of saving some
(if his property. Once inside, his clothes
ignit»d and thi dense volume of smoke
3 ml flame partially suffocated him. He
dragged himself as far as the door, but a
snaplock held it fast. V' ,'i"- !
The body a3 it appeared at the Morgue
was horribly disfigured. All the clothing
had been burned off and the flesh cooked
to a crisp. Rodoen was 40 years of age. a
widower and leaves three children, all of
whom are residing with their grandparents
cn Harrison street.
Hugh Rodden Dies N in at At
tempt to Save His Few
Belongings.
BARBER MEETS
TERRIBLE FATE
IN THE FUMES
there were two separate and distinct packages,
one on either side of the jury box, and each
carefully placed so that an Intermingling of the
names was absolutely impossible. The two
packages were at least two Inches apart and
each p£»ckage was carefully piled up. I called
the attention of the court to this proceeding,
but presently the cleric had sworn the Jury,
closed the box and revolved the same.
I further depose and say that at no time
before this during that session of the court
did t!ie clerk revolve the box, for I took special
notice.
Continuing his affidavit Wise goes on to
say that immediately after the adjourn
ment of the court he went to the
Sheriff's office to Investigate. He
found that four deputies were ordered
to summon the special venire and to serve
summons only upon the best citizens ob
tainable. Deputy Nutzner served ten, out
of which but three were called, and all
were excused; Deputy Jenny served nine;
out of which one was called and excused;
Deputy McCarthy served nine, of which
four were called and excused. The fourth
deputy was William Dasha, bailiff of de
partment 12. where McGlade is under trial.
He summoned sixteen, out of which six
were called and accepted by the defend
ant. These were Corbett. Deiling, Willis,
Hiller. McGurren and Shafer.
Dasna was called and questioned in the
presence of Sheriff T^uokmann and Under
feheriff Hare. He said he had never seen
the men mentioned before. He said he
was walking along Market street when he
met Hiller. He had never seen him be
fore, did not know his name, residence or
occupation, nor anything else about him,
but he served a.subpena on him. H*?
pursued the same tactics in the cases of
Corbett and Willis. In the case of Deil
ing. he said he met the juror on Sacra
monto street just as he was leaving a
building. He kri^w nothing about Deiling.
As to Shafer, Dasha said he was' walking
along Tenth street when he saw a milk
wagon approaching, and he served the
driver Vf the wagon, whom he did not
know and had never seen before. And as
to McGurren. he was served In a saloon on
Market street near the City Hall.
I'pon this statement of facts the. Dis
trict Attorney made his motion for the
discharge of the jury. In his motion he
made the following points:
That th» alleged Jury obtained for the trial
of the forpgoing action has not b^en had In
accordance with the rirovisions of the lav.- as
hrrclnbe fore Fpcclned, but has been impan
eled !n m'.xed form.
First — From an alloeed regular selection from
names taken originally from names cf citizens
selected for t!'.e twelve Superior Judges of the
Superior Court for the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, in January. 1300.
Fecond — From a special venire ordered by thi?
court an.l Violated in summoning in this: That
a large jwrtion of said special venire was sum
moned from people In the street and from a
milk wagon in Hurnmuninir th° driver thereof,
and that puch Fummnninc under order for a
special venire was ip rart from hyiiandcrs
and nnt from the txniy of the county.
ThlrJ— In perking to oltaln a part of said
alleged Jury had herein from names of twenty
five citizens whose names were drawn from the
trial jury box containing names of talesmen
selected by the Judges of the Superior Court in
January, 1000.
Fourth — That those summoned as trial jurors
under the order for special venire herein were
summoned irrespective of whether they were
residents, citizens, taxpayers or competent.
Lennon opposed the motion on the
ground that It was made to Intimidate
the jury and to prejudice them against
the defense. He was asked by the court
if he had any counter affidavits, and he
replied by asking for time to prepare ar
guments in the matter. It was then or
dered that the case come up again this
morning.
Oscar Tolle, the clerk, made a state
ment to the County Clerk in regard to his
connection with the affair. He said hu
drew the jury as he had drawn every jury
for the past fifteen years that he has
served in the County Clark's oflice. He
said the names of those jurors attached,
as well as the twenty-five new ones, were
all put into the box together and shaken
up. He declared that the names drawn
were drawn properly and regularly. As
for any heaps of names in the box, .he
said if there were any he did not see
them.
Dasha made a statement to the Sheriff
in which he described the manner in
which he secured the jurors for his part
of the special venire of forty. He said he
went out as he always did and took the
first likely looking men he met on the
street and that the three other deputies
did the fame.
An it stands,* the case is one of veracity
between the court officials and the prose
cuting counsel, but It may be that there
has been so much said that the Judge
to-day may consider it better to let the
jury go and start again. The defense
makrs no secret of Its theory In regard
to the whole affair. The challenges of
the prosecution had been exhausted and
they were powerless to stop objectionable
jurors, so the defense believes this meth
od was resorted to to secure a more sat
isfactory jury. The prosecution main
tains, however, that the question of chal
lenges never entered into the controversy,
for they wore exhausted long before any
irregularity was discovered in the draw
ing of the names. It Is also the theory
of the defense that the prosecution has
allowed the matter to go too long and
having allowed the Jury to be sworn
without objection it must accept it with
out further complaint. • .
The matter will be settled one way or
the other this morning.
Those on the" jury are F. L. Gunstz, B.
Grave. R. J. Hancock. Clarence Musto,
E. D. Sachs. J. B. Williams. F. E. Shafer.
H. F. McGurren, Fred peiling, E. Willis,
John Corbett and A. Hiller.
The Board of Education, having shorn
Superintendent of Schools Webster of
nearly all his power, It now remains to be
Been whether he can be forced to do the
board's bidding. The storm that has been
gathering for some time between the Su
perintendent and the Directors broke at
yesterday's meeting, and the deluge some
whai. enlivened the usual dull proceedings
of the board.
Superintendent Webster declared that
he wculd not obey the order of the board
to prepare examination questions, and
backed up his declaration with some huge
hunks of the State law. He made the
declaration first In writing and then oral
ly, for the special enlightenment of Di
rector Casserly, who would not be satis
fied with anything else. The Superintend
ent declared that he is not the executive
officer of the board. It is likely that the
question will ultimately be left for. the
courts to decide. Superintendent Web
ster's written declaration Is as follows:
To the ilonorawie Board of Education, in
and for the City and County of San Francisco —
On the 9th inst. I received a copy of a circu
lar dated Slay 4, 19C0, and addrefsed to prin
cipals and teachers reciting resolutions and
orders denning the manner in which the Board
of Education has decided to promote pupils
of the public schools during June, 19<X».
Certain pupils are to be examined in certain
subjects of study and the lifth resolution de
clares "that the superintendent be Instructed
to prepare questions in the above named sub
jects, except In reading and penmanship, and
report the same to the Board of Education on
or before Tuesday, June 1. 1900." Although not
officially Informed of this action of the Board
of Education constant inquiry at my office by
teamen-, which the above mentioned circular
ha.' 0* .-Ired. as well as my desire to avoid any
misarii-.-ehension on the part of the board.
AVhKe I should be pleased to aid the board
In the preparation of (juestions which it may
need In the proper examination of any grade
or grades yet my oflice has its own examina
tions of schools to make and the press of busi
ness renders it necessary that I do not as
sume the dual duty oi preparing questions for
examinations given and managed separately
by the board and the superintendent. I had
hoped that the superintendent's examinations
might have been utilized by the. board as a
partial basis for the promotion of pupils, and
with that hope I submitted on the 2d of May
certain resolutions that have apparently been
ignored. Therefore I am constrained to In
form the board thus early and officially that
a request such as Is contained in resolution 5,
even though formally and directly brought to
my notice, would have to be disregarded by
ID*.
I would add that If the members
of the board desire to prepare questions for
the examination proposed I will be ready and
willing upon proper notice to meet with them
and to aid in the formulation of such ques
tions. Respectfully submitted,
R. li. WEBSTER,
Superintendent of Schools.
It was this letter that caused the tem
pest. Director Casserly, who was acting
chairman, asked the Superintendent point
edly If it was his intention to utterly dis
regard the order of the board, to which
Mr. Webster replied that he had Intended
to convey that impression.
"Do I understand you to mean," queried
President Mark, "that you do not consid
er yourself the executive otflcer of th:s
board?"
"Only within certain limitations, fixed
by the State law^* was the reply, and
then the Superintendent commenced- to
qupte from the State 'law to define his
position.
After considerable discussion Director
Klncaid moved that a day be set aside on
which the Directors meet the Superin
tendent and consult concerning the ex
amination questions. President Mark sec
onded the motion, but later moved, as a
substitute, that the board meet on June 1.
He took the ground that Webster, being
a member, of the board, must naturally
meet with the board and needed no spe
cial appointment. T5oth the motion and
the substitute were lost.
Superintendent Webster here found oc
casion to complain that he had not been
notified of special and regular meetings of
the board as required by law. The secre
tary explained that he had always notl
lied the Superintendent in writing, except
during the first month, when Webster had
never failed to attend.
The matter was then left in just that
position. Superintendent Webster claims
that his stand is legal, and it seems to be
up to the board to prove that it is not.
Refuses to Obey the Order to Prepare
Examination Questions for Use
of the Board — Question
of Law.
Directors.
Says He Is Not Executive
Officer of the School
SUPERINTENDENT
WEBSTER DEFIES
BOARD MEMBERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1900.
Sensational Affidavit Filed by Otto I, Wise and
a Motion Asking for the Discharge
of the Jurors. x
CHARGES OF IRREGULARITY
AGAINST THE McGLADE JURY
12
'..•¦'¦l.XL." 1 """ -^ HaIe ' S '
I elegance and Jl&Jllp
I simplicity 'pffpt I
|1| for some weeks now dimities, organdies, *teT\Zot</^^j) *
III muslins and foulards will have their l^EZti&b/^y /f-1
III day. so various are the. styles in sum- ; ry *^ 7^r—^J \
|i§ mer costumes of these light fabrics that J ~}7 C2^^/"»8fe<^"""
£¦§ most women prefer to choose their own k <l flfDvi^-
Hl material?, and let us say in a walk thro' V !/W WCTiL.
Ilale's you can Ret as much inspiration ty^ /^^^
fabrics, that home dressmaking V^^^^fe^j^JT^^r^^i'
fe nowadays is- a pleasure and a sV^_<Jj tJ^^t^^x^-L
Sj3 new mercerized foulards. 28 lnehe» \j- _- rt L>* tljJ^^ /¦
Ee2 wldP. in blue? and purpl-s; H»wnt *^3r«?-"^T^> s- * 1m +*}iJ^ T
f*m dcyiKns. In thirty coloring and rat- JT**ftTiJ ti5S^^-l!tf=^\ . t\>
terns (wash toods department);^ *=^^>^^^ '
K^ >! \vV aro "fhowinir'thlP week rich $1
E^ 24-lnch foulard silks. In 25 colorings \(%X
(silk department); per yard »c ] -* JM
delicate wash fabrics g
f*£a 29-irich galatea cloth. In blues. J7-tnch new batiste: a wide- woven >-U
js^S tans an.l navys: stripe patterns: enrd e!T»ct. small patterns. In navy R/l
R?C1 suitable for larltrs' outlnw dresses blue. pink, lavender an.l light blue, t -{
Eafst and children'? wear; per yard, lavac" for shirt wains and camplr.< StA
5Zj| ilresses; p?r yard i-'^c \%l
& slik0l!n9 'awn hats ff
KSa £i> pieces of 23-lnch rrlntel nilko- .... . . . .. >- t
fifia line of an unusually heavy thread: , children s white lawn hats, shirred } i
Em a flrst-cla*s material for comforter J«P. r«ffed crown p!nK or blue rib- { .\
SrI covering; six patterns to choose bon . '" is --. nPa t'y finished with lac- !•«
from; 12 yards make a Rood, larsre ruche anfl strlnss; very pretty., ,5c I ,)
m vard 0^..^.'!?. 11 !".": v^ turkey red covers m
m skirt chemise M 3 t i2&"5S5."2Sri2.?a%S! U
|» ladles' fine skirt chemise, of soft lon »- frIn *^: each *"'« [¦_]
muslin, full width and length, hem- fapafifln nPPPWNSQ K-t
!^| Ftitchod yoke and armholw ed«?e.i la " flll . u " 115053001153 \l;
tnl with torchon lace, hemstitched cam- 3"0 balls of knlttiny cotton. f \i
|Sfl brlc ruffle at bottom; sizes 34 to 44.. "Hale's brand"; per ball -4o . * A
531 SUc 2 irroas of 1-lnch brush edge skirt *"jj
i^J ckirtC binding braid; protects skirt and Ki
<&3 V t n -ii O o' ».,!n vi . a srrots of Germansiivcr tliinibles. p|
**M hi«vi- n' kln ,f Sklr ?' of 80ft ' In assorted sizes; each -2c M
f% inrh 5 »r 3h , y ? rdS Wlde> 1S ' a paf-r-of warranted English &i
S^ Hni.hi. ,Tk n ,l at bottom - neatl - v metal pina. 360 on the paper, for... -c £.4
sM.^hfn^ thre< " rOWa of h^ m " ••MUlward'8" neerile,. shari'S or %|
sti-chingr 75c milliners'. :5 to the paper, for.... :tc g.|
tm StOfB IlfiWS ! T^ omen w ho watch Hales windows get pointers on style # ify
BBS .nHLhiw! and econ °niy: In the basement we are selling hammocks Vj
MM "oap- fhere^R f B «1; T'f" we « lve an *« hlblt of *°°<1 laundry and toilet &4
eV"3 selUnr for nn~?^M'/ loVM on Just now - and shlrt w »>»ts and belts are f,v3
gijg seuinB ror prices which astcnl-h many. pa
. "th© six o'clock store." F|
We Want You
To See
How Many
Beautiful Premiums
WcGlve
With Teas.
With Coffees,
with Spleen.
With Extracts,
With Soda,
ivi tii itiiuinvr Powder.
Come Just to Look.
. Oral American Iawina* Tea Ci
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
tl0-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and Post).
861 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
235 Hare* St. «S Third St.
1419 Polk St. m Montgomery Ava.
231« Mission -St.- 705 Larkin St.
3006 Sixteenth St. ' 1319 Devisadero St.
14« Ninth St. 475 Halzht St.
2008 Fillmore St. 3283 Mission St.
£2 Market St. 2H2 21th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1C53 Washington St. £K K. i:th St.
1137 Broadway. 11S5 23d Ave.
1310 Seventh St. 1£5 Park St.. Alamctli.
We Cure the Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood.
Varlcocele Nervous Debility
Hydrocele Rupture
Bladder Diseases Wastlnsr Drains
Kidney Diseases \ Blood Poison
DR. MEYERS & CO./
Epeei»ll»t»— Established Nearly 20 Yftrs.
731 MARKET ST.. S. F.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
BOSTOX. .IT. S. A.
JAMES M. CRAFTS. President.
Courses In engineering, architecture, chem-
istry, physics, biology and general studies. En-
trance examinations at Belmont. Juna 23 and
25. in charge of W. T. Reid. A. M.. at th*
Belmont School, Belmont. Cal.
For all Information address
H. W. TYLEH. Secretary.
491 Bnylston st, Boston.
f\ ¦ rP nrtll I I c °rn«r Fourth and
bHlL nUiHL B £" n o™"^.J-ja
Valise* checked free.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Mattel
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. Uwyer. S03 Cal.. Clunle bg.
COAL. COKB AMD Pld 1RO.V
I r U'H CfW £ fft 9M Battery Street.
J. \r ff ILjUtl g \M>, Telephone Main 1361
~~ COPPERSiMlTH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M«r.
r W CMITH £h)P Plumbing. Steamboat and
t> W* JJlllQ* Ship Work a specialty. IS and
» Washington it Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MSATS.
I1C RAVEC * f*ft Shipping Butchers. 1C4
JAj- BUIlJ C VV»Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
PKLVTL1J.
f. C BUGHES. . 5U Sanso'me *t.. 3. T.
STATIONER AND : PRINTER.
™%?ff'? PARTRIDGE K< SKf*"
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ZSF^Z
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at Its GRKEN
RIVRR COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal la th*
mtrt.L Otflc* and Y&ru>-ti0 Mala itrett.