STWNSS' STOfty -OF
IS <3©WS • INSANE-
fTNHE world went .mad one day. It
I had been' a ; sanely sunny world
| back In the old country. There was
1 good cheer in the way the thistles
sprouted when the year grew green
and there was a laugh In the voice
©; the bustling little river beyond, and
healthy Irish ruddiness bloomed In all
the faces that Maggie Fogaxty, now Mrs.
rHiatoa, looked upon. These faces always
cm! led at her' and she smiled back,' or
else It was the other way around. . She
gave a good -day to the people she met,
¦and she was not afraid. That was be
fore the hand came In the dark.
•"It's a fair pink that shines in your
cheeks. Margaret mine." said John Wood-
Ssck. "There's roses on many a bush
would hide their heads at the eight of
your*, for the shame they were put to."
Then be married her.
They came to live In California In 1874,
+t,a found an eager, hurrying young city
perched on a ragged point of the land's
edge, and go'.r.g at the pace set by Its
high-strung climate. John and Margaret
Woodlock were youns, and they took hold
of hands and fell In with the merry hus
tle, for there was the tang of wine In the
air. and it was good to be alive. Here In
Ban Francisco, too, the could look at the
" world eye to «ye and fear nothing. There
was no hand then to fear.
The first time she felt the touch of the
hand was after Josephine went away— but
wait.
"John Woodlock was a good man In
> those days." she says, "and I loved him.
,',H« lored me. too. 'Maggie, it seems that
¦Si- can't tell the sun twinkles from your
bt&r when I look at you around the cor
¦fv*r stf nry eye/ John Woodlock said. That
-.was thirty years ago be said It. Thirty
he said my hair was sot to be
told from the sun— he said— he was my
husband, you • remember— you remember, '
don't your'
The words, came slowly In the timid,
wondering *one *of a ''little child ¦¦ whs>
whimpers .in' the dark. /The old woman's
hand crept- to. her ' forehead and seemed
trying to brush away something. ¦ Her
eyes, the same blue eyes that John Wood
lock, the lover, had likened' in the- poetry
of 'bis Irish tongue to the 'nemophlla blos
som* of California, hillsides— these mum
eyes: grew fixed and fearing.
"Whenever I talk about old times and
think— and thlnk-myhead— the trouble—"
Then* the; -words went back and said
themselves again, and I broke in briskly
with' a "town, topic of the now, and she
met me on safe ground and the face grew
sure once more.
For the morning sun was deluging her
room, and there were those who meant
well, like the sunshine, and had come to
chat through a friendly hour with her,
and the day side of nature was upper
most. I believe it is Robert Owen who
writes of the nicht sMe.
Mrs. Margaret Dunton has seen ths
night side. She has been afraid of some
thing that, she could not see, something*
that she could not hear, something that
she could not touch. It comes when the
sun has slipped away. Then the sudden
dark strides in, gulping houses and trees
and people as it comes. Then a lonely old
woman, who looks for no more from life,
sits In her room '¦ In an upper flat and
reads over letters which tneir writers
have forgotten, and caresses the painted
ribbon nonsenses that Josephine < treas
ured, and then
All -at once she is on the • edge of • a
cruel precipice, and ." below it are* ths
crashing and whirling of madness. - She
cannot am dearly what Urn betovr, tas#
«be feet* that It Is terrible— lt Is aestiey
ing. And while she stands on the edge,
jeering down, she feels the hand.
It comes behind her and pushes, pushes
•-•he struggles and pits her strength
against It and it gives way.- She turns, ts
see no one there. The precipice Is gone
and she Is at home once more.
But . every • time the hand comes It
pushes harder and after every struggle
she Is weaker.
"Some day— the time will come whan—£
she says.
After a few years of married Ufa In
California the poetry died out of the Irish
love story. Just why I do not know. Mar
garet was the same as ever— good to look
upon. Her cheeks would still have
shamed roses and her hair still, played at
being sunshine, and her eyes were still
like the, flowers of the nemophlla. The
wholesome beauty of her native land was
In her face and her strong young body.
There Is plenty of It left even to-day, for
the matter of that, though she is only a
lonily old woman who fears.
. . jHer mother had died when she wa» 11,
her father a few years later, and then
John Woodlock had brought her -to a
strange land and had Bet out to be to her
husband and all besides. But It did not
last. The day came when she went to
visit her sister In Dublin, and wrote back
to Mr. Woodlock to sue for divorce on the
ground of desertion. He did sb, and after
the divorce was secured she returned to
San Francisco.
"I think fate meant me to b« always
alone," she says.
Stlll she had never stood upon the preci
pice; had never felt the hand. She was
not entirely happy, but she was living
comfortably enough on the property which
her father had left her. As time went on
she came to know Oliver Dunton. She
thought of him as a boy at first, for he
was almost a score of years younger than
she. and she used to play adviser and com-
forter to him. Ho found the little home
a cozy place In which to spend the even-
Ing. He could take his pleasures or his
troubles there and be sure that either
would be kindly received. The big chair
was always ready for him, and It seemed
to grow more and more comfortable as the
weeks went by, and It was the nicest
thing In the world to see the way Mrs.
Margaret would whip the album and the
vaae off the sitting-room table, spread out
a white cloth and set forth a ginger-bread
and buttermilk supper. By and by young
Mr. Dunton came to notice how bewltch
lngly the hair waved oC Its own accord
over Mrs. Margaret's temples. At the
same time she' began to feel her attitude
ebanglng, and she could not be quite as
motherly as she once had been.
There came to be seven years of happy
married life to Mrs. Oliver Dunton.
She put up the building where she now
lives on Seventeenth street. Below Is a
store that used to bring in a neat little
rent, and above Is the spick and span fiat
where the Duntons made their home. The
lace curtains were crisp In their newness,
and the upholstery or the new furniture
stood up springy and proud. The same
furniture is there to-day, but It is not as
proud as it once was.
After the two had snuggled down In the
flat it seemed that life was complete. They
adopted a little girl and gave her, the pret
tiest name that they, could find in the back
of the dictionary— Josephine, She grew up
to be one of California's 'daughters, her
beauty fed by the wind and the sun and
the fog. But she brought trouble into. the
little home. She caused disagreement be
tween the foster-parents, and at last came
their separation. All in ' a .breath, * Mrs.
Dunton awoke to" find her. husband parted
from her, her adopted daughter gone from
home, her property involved. •" She could
hardly take in'- all' the trouble at once.* It
was so great/ so;,much .for her brain to
realize. :• Little by little she came to know
it i4n all it 3: ugliness— to ¦ know it : thxaugh
and through. > It* had come to stay."
V'Fate ; seems >to ;' have '¦ meant that I
should always be alone," she says.
* She' was indeed alone. She had law-
i suits to enter Into on'account of her prop
erty, so she met many lawyers. Day after
day. she put'her.f house In 'order— just as
much In order as If there were somebody
coming * home to • see it—and after the
work "was 'done she sat^ down _ to 'talk it
. all 'over with her trouble.
The work had comedo be a slim enough
task , now that 'the flat had. only one oc
cupant, "• and ! it was done all too quickly.
This left much time to be spent with her
trouble.' t . >t , ¦ .-¦«..
As she brooded and brooded and brooded
she came nearer . to the night side. At
first she ttv grief and bitterness la Gas
whole matter and they were dear enough.
Then they crew confused. When she sat
down by herself to think of them they ¦
seemed to whirl and take indistinct
shapes, out of which nothing could b«
made but chaos and terror.
She wondered what It meast. Thar*
was a strange pressure in the team*
"It wasn't like a headache at aO." sas
told me. "It was as If the brain was
too fall and most burst. And thers
seemed to be something lnslds that kept
gnawing, gnawing."
Her hand stole to her forehead again
and her eyes grew once more fixed and
fearing. When she talks of these thirty*
she feels a touch of the txnueen hand.
"I knew «omethlnj we* wrong," s2m
went on after a second. She was calm
now. "I know, but I dreaded to say, cv*a
to think what I feared. I west t» St.
Mary's Hospital and said that I was no*
well. The doctors never spoke to _***
about my brain, but I knew that tsf£
knew. s *
"One day a sister told mm. Tbm 4s*>
tors fear for your reason.' she said.
"Then It was out. I had kept It saoi'st,
but at last It had takes shape la »nfa,
I was going Insane."
It Is not riven to an to se* th* psso»
plce, to hear the crashing; to fast ttasj
hand. To this woman It la.
"At first I had the sense vt easzfassßCi
when I thought of my trotxbtef Chest obcem
little aberrations. I would sort flirty be
come conscious that X was tsTTrrns; fast ta
myself about the lawsuits."
When she told me this I reesHsd wSa*
a physician once said to me. **T» talk
to no listener," said he. and his eyes were
grave, "be careful; It la the first sign."
She knew. at. last what It all meant.
Over the precipice lay madness tn very
truth.
She tried to look the matter fairly la
the face. The band was growing sOtmaer
day by day and the struggles sgstnst It
were longer and harder. She was coming
to be always afraid. In the street »h*
grew terrified, for all the hurrying world
seemed mad and It seemed calling her to
come and be mad. too. Bhe slunk back
to her own home and - cowered there,
afraid. Now she never leaves It, except
when there comes a summons to court.
Borne of these things I had heard when
I went to see her last week. I found a
tidy little home, kept neat and sweet by
the touch of the homemaker. She Is a
woman of 60 years, whose face would
bear witness to no more than 50. An
Irlshly rosy face. It Is round and dear
cut of feature, and over the forehead
flutter curly gray locks, and the eyes are
summery b!ue. Face and voice and man
ner are womanly, strong, wholesome,
"This is all the day side of nature," said
; I to myself.
But as she talked I caught glimpses of
something else. She clung to a well-bred
composure while she told of her 1ok«js;
she repeated the story that was already
known of her growing fear of ln»t£itT.
her final certainty of it. A few days ago
the struggle on the brink had grown so
• desperate that she went to a one time
friend and asked help. She wanted to bs
protected from herself.
She cannot remain alone. She will give
up everything she owns for enough money
to pay her entrance fee to an old people's
home.
"If I could once have It all over." she
says, "the endless litigation; If I could
give up the effort of hanging on to my
possessions; if I could go where there
was no more struggle— only rest— l think
I might be saved."
She; was looking calmly at the matter
which she has had to face. -Then, as she
talked, she grew afraid again. The way
of the law is long— lf she can only cling
until— until— f-/
The edge Is a dizzy edge and the hand
Is strong. •
Will help come In time?
BARAIJ COM3TOCTC
THE SUNDAY CALL
IS SHE DOOMED
TO MADNESS?Timothy Richard, Who Writes Poetry ir; Chinese.
Great Illiteracy in Russia.
The illiteracy of Russia exceeds that <t
any other country claiming to have a
civilized government. The HumanlUr
lan states that In 10,000 villages of the
vast empire there Is not a school and It Is
estimated that not 20 per cent of the pop
ulation of the empire has acquired even
the rudiments of a common school edu
cation. It has been figured out that If
the Czar would disband 100.000 men of the
vast army he would thereby save money
enough to provide a school for each of
these villages. It Is not surprising that
the Czar should desire to reach some ar
rangement with the other nation* which
would permit him to partially disarm.
Composes and Writes in the Language
of the Mongolians as Readily as
in His Native Tongue.
Mr. Richard says that the movement to
ward vast reforms proposed by the young
Kmperor two years ago was largely
through the influence of the publications
of the society.
"That was a great beginning," says Mr.
Richard, "and had not the Empress Dow
ager again taken the Government into her
own hands China would by this time be
well upon Its way to a quicker civilization
and reform. The Empress Dowager's pol
icy of conservatism Is a great blow to
China's prospects, trending the nation
backward toward superstition and igno
rance.
"The Empress Dowager favors an antl
forelgner policy, and so long as her rule
continues the best hope of China lies in
the action of the powers who are her
greatest friends. It Is to be hoped that.
In the name of humanity and the best in.
terests of China herself, some friendly
power will take her In hand, keep her
from being divided up and help her on !n
the path of progress. Then instead of to
lng a menace to the peace of the world
she may be the means of bringing great
good to all nations."
In regard to the plans of the society. Mr.
Richard says: "China Jias about two hun
dred centers of examinations, aggregating
some half-million students, and our aim
Is to circulate useful literature, to these
two hundred centers of examiryitlons. so
that when these students retui/n to their
homes and become officers In the Govern
ment or engage in other departments of
life they may carry light Into the great
darkness which now prevails In China.
We hope these students will be Instru
mental in the uplifting of China."
Besides being a missionary and philan
thropist. Mr. Richard is also a business
man of some wealth. His work, aside
from Its objective purpose of Influencing
Chinese educational affairs, has been the
source of a considerable income, and he
has been a successful investor In different
enterprises In China. Speaking of China's
future, ha lays great stress on her com
ing commercial value, especially In her re
lations with tha United States.
"China has long used American petro
leum." said he. "and It needs American
medicines', chemicals and disinfectants.
It ne«ds waterworks and sewers. It needs
telephones, telegraphs and «.ectrlc lights.
When the sun goes down In China nigh*
closes over the empire and its millions
of people seek their beds In the darkness.
It needs electric railways; cities with
populations In the hundred thousands,
lying but a few miles apart, are abso
lutely without moans of communication.
China, however, is waking up. American
decks, watches and sewing machines are
finding ready sale. The farming Industry
of the empire la growing to be important,
and China needs American farm machin
ery—thrashing michlnes and separators.
Why. at present the grain used In China
is rolled out on thrashing floors and sifted
out with hand fans or by the accom
modating winds.
"Yes." said Mr. Richard, "China Is go-
Ing to be a great market for American
manufacturing in the future, and it Is
therefore of the greatest Importance to
Americans that America should see to It
that there Is an "open door' In China."
The yellow men certainly have an en
thusiastic champion In the Rev. Timothy
R chard. He has great faith In their
future and 13 sympathetic with their pres
ent. Of their past he is regretful, and all
his energies, for thirty long years, have
been devoted to lending a hand In the
removal of the "burden of the ages."
Old and white-haired, with the feebleness
of his years growing upon him. he seeks
but a few months of respite before again
taking up his work. .
These many years hence the student
running over the list of the Chinese poets
will stumb'e upon the name of Timothy
Richard. For by the verdict «>f the al
mond-eyed critic of to-day Timothy Rich
ard shall have a line In the Chinese book
of fame.
A Chat Concerning Wagner'
Bayreuth and San Francisco
t- ij -HE recent Wagner lecture-concerts,
. I with Gadstt. Dnmroseh. nispham
j^ fc-nd the other artists as interpreters,
have attuned the ears of our music
lovers to the music-dramas of Richard
Wagner. Musicians, these many miles
fiway, are turning their thoughts longing
ly to the coming festival at Bayreuth.
"Rayreuth!" "Rayreuth!" ••Bayreuth!"
fighs the penniless Wagnerlte. "Bay
reuth?" queries the uninformed.
VSayreuth is the central point of the
_J.*lcal world. It is the mecca to which
lovers of music make their pilgrimage
with Moslem devotion during the season
of the great repr«*sentations of the music
drama* of Richard Wagner.
Mr. DamroFch has attended many of the
Rayreuth festivals, having been fortunate
to hear one production under the per
•or.al supervision of the great Wagner
telir.self. A chat with Mr. Damrosch is
the next choice to a visit to Bayreuth. for
be makes you Bee the theater on the hill
side where, tinder ideal conditions, the
treat art of Germany and of the modern
world has Its home.
And whether you are a Wagnerite or no;
whether you long for Bayreuth or Brazil;
whether you are poet, politician, phil
osopher, musician or layman, it is Inter
esting to ponder upon the fact that
periodically from all po'nts of the com
pass men and women gather to listen to
the marvelous productions in the most
wonderful theater in the world.
From an early period in his career Rich
ard Wagner chafed under the conditions
of the conventional operatic stage and he
gradually found the ideal which was
eventually realized at Bayreuth. It was
through the royal patronage of the late
Louis II of Bavaria that the dreams of
Richard Wagner became a tangible
reality.
Bayreuth was selected as the place for
ttie Fit* of the temple of the new art. On
Jaay 22. IST2, the members of the "Wagner
Unions" and others Interested gathered at
Bayreuth to assist in laying the corner
stone O f t jj e new t heater and to listen to a
performance of the ninth symphony of
I?cetho}-en cor.luctcd by Wagner and exe
cuted by the best orchestra and chorus
that Germany could offer.
Of this memorable occasion Wa^nc-r
himself wrote: "Who might escape a se.-.se
of wonder and admiration upon taking his
place on this '22<\ of May, lbT2. in the very
buii'Jing (the old opera-house of P.ayrenth)
where once the Margrave and- his ques;«,
Frederick the Great himself at their heaJ,
assembled to witness the representation of
ballot. Italian opera or French comotly,
and upon hearing produced upon this very
FJapro. by German musicians conio togeth
er to the festival from all parts of ilio
Fatherland, the mighty harmonies of the
ninth symphony? When, from the station
Tvliore once the laced court trumpeters
stood and blew their blasts of serviio
greeting to the princely guest? of a uc
pendent court, a chorus of inspired Ger
man singers now greeted the assemblo-l
audience with the 'selb umschlungen mi!
lionen'—for whom were not the tones U.en
fraught with some vision of the near tii
umph of the German intellect?"
Under such auspices was the cornerstone
laid for the building that after Wagner"*
death should resound with the liv'ng
strains of Wagner's art. A road bordered
by linden trets leads up to the grounds
about the theater. The grounds are used
for promenades during the two intermis
sions, which are each nearly an hour in
length. At the foot of the hill one sees
the quaint old city, with Its crooked
streets and tiled roofs. Through thi vjl
ley winds the Main, flowing a delicate sil
ver thread to gradually widen on its way
to Frankfort. Against the bLue of the sky
are the low green hills in which Bayreuth
snuggles. j
The theater itself, viewed from the out
side, while it Is not ugly, is not archi
tecturally beautiful. Wagner himself
frankly admitted that externally it is
without artistic harmony or beauty. The
utmost care was devoted to its Internal
arrangements, and the outward shape wan
left to accommodate Itself to Internal con-
*re extinguished, all hut one row, from
which a glimmer Is barely perceptible.
The theater is all but absolutely dark
and no inspection of costumes or read
ing of texts and scores is possible.
For a minute or two there Is a deep,
profound silence, then from the myaterl
ous space between the two proscenia
rise the first notes of the overture. Any
ill-bred stranger who should so much aa
whisper would soon learn that he Is In a
Hace where art has all the meaning and
demands all the respect elsewhere ac
coiaed to religion.
As stated before, the performance be
elns at 4 and lasts until 10. with two in
termissions of an hour each. Most of the
epectatirs bring a luncheon with them In
stead o£ going home to dine, thus taking
no risk of being shut out through being a
moment late.
Frau Wasner lives In Bayreuth with her
son Slegfrle?. Their home la called the
"Villa Wahnfrled" and here Frau Wan
ner entertains the friends who come to
the festival. *h!ch. since her husband's
death, she personally superintends.
It Is the ambi-.ton of every Wagnerlan
singer to be chosen to sine at the Bay
reuth festival. T^ese festivals are only
successful from an standpoint, so
the performers are not paid a tithe of,
what they can comirand elsewhere. But
It is an honor dearly Bought and highly
prized. As yet It has fallen to few Amer
icans. Nordlca has su:»g a leading part
and on« or two others Have been given
minor roles. The California gtrl has yet
to have her chance.
But according to Mr. D&mroech, "ti
Francisco audiences have enough musical
dittoes as best it might. 'Wagner regard
ed this theater as merely provisional. He
believed that the problem once given visi
ble shape It would In a way work Itself
The entire structure of the btillding was
determined by the necessity of concealing
the orchestra from the view of the audi
ence. W«gner had so often written about
view of the singers was to place It la a pit
sunk below the level of the stag* and
auditorium. This arrangement made the
system of balconies and ranked boxes lm-
The Mecca to Whfcn Uove"~oT
I ftoitiz Make TheX PJfS^maSe
New Prehistoric Theory.
WLtui and mammoth lived at the same
time in Central Europe. This is the con
clusion forced upon the learned world by
Eomt late discoveries made in parts of
Germany. There have been found the
tusk* of the mammoth, dyed ana marked
by the flint instruments of prehistoric
man. Then, too, a few of the bone? ot
man of the stone age, with his flints aid
primitive Implements, have been d>=
coverrd In the mound graves opened w'.th-
In the last few months. Upon these sim
ple finds lies the proof of facts of wide
tlgnlflcance to mankind. They prove
nothing lesa than the existence of man as
the contemporary of the mammoth. This
moans that when Europe was covered
miles deep In Ice, during the period of the
glaciers, when the great woolly mammoth
plunged his way through valleys and over
mountain?, man was there hunting and
trapping him.
The theory has been advanced before,
ba.«ed upon the discovery that the bones,
and especially the Ivory tusks of the
mammoth, were engraved with the rude
drawings of early man; but objectors
have arisen who suggested that It was
more than possible that man could have
come much later and then found the
bones and tusks of the mammoths which
had been frozen in the glaciers. These
later discoveries remove this objection-, for
some of the bones of the mammoths have
been found with flint spear points still
An American Who Is Recognized by
the Chinese as One of Their Lead
ing Men of Letters.
TIMOTHY RICHARD, poet of poets."
High praise this, from a critic slant
of eye and slow to praise. 'Tis writ
ten of a man whose verst- has pleased
the poetic taste of the pig-tailed «'mpire.
The poetry of Timothy Richard takes
high rank with the Chinese aristocracy of
brains.
Mr." Richard's muse wears a kimono and
her hair a la Mile. Mikado. She
<£epn't inspire him through an Cnglisli
It's at "really truly" Chinese muse,
end It's "really truly" Chinese poetry
that Mr. Richard writes. Not English
verse made to do a Chinese somersault,
but poetry eoncrlved and written in the
language.
Mr. Richard thinks In Chinese, so his
**irse does not have to do the "right
a«>ut change" and suffer the fatal ope
ration of translation. It drips from his
pen in Chinese liieroglypnics and evident
ly tinkles musically to a mandarin's ear
and rings true to his flowery taste, for
the poems of Mr. Richard have not been
left to gather the dust of the publishing
house. Many of them have been repub
llsh«-d in the various Chinese provinces.
finding their way from end to end of
China.
When Timothy Richard was a young
man of £5 he went Into the Orient to add
Ms mote to the tiny ray of light plerring
the gloom of Chinese superstition and ig
norance. The tiny day has grown into a
bigger and brighter one. but the head of
the man has prown gray. Thirty years of
missionary work among the Chinese has
ellvered his hair and furrowed hjs brow.
His friends, white and yellow, prevailed
upon him to take a much needed rest. So
It was that with the passengers of the
Gaelic Timothy Richard landed ta Ban
Francisco. :
Mr. Richard's tongue Is so steeped In
Chinese that It takes awkwardly to Eng
lish. According to account, his verse Is
•uch elaborate, embroidered Chinese that
It would lose flavor "done Into" English.'
Mr. Richard himself would not attempt 1L
"I am a Chinese poet." he says, "and
have no more wish to translate these chil
dren of my brain than the fond mother
has to remold her darlings. 1 have lived
so long in China and so close to the Chi
nese that I think and speak their lan
guage as easily as my own. I have never
written English poetry, nor do I think I
could. My thoughts seem to find their
true setting In Chinese verse and meter."
In this age of freaks this Ikerary freak
cannot be accounted the least. For an
Englishman born and bred to slight the
mufie of his countrymen is strange. For
a Chinese muse to come at the beck and
call of a foreigner is stranger yet.
During his long residence in China Mr.
Richard has not confined himself to de
lighting the Chinese intellect, but has also
eought to save the bouls of the yellow
men. He has combined poetry with mis
sionary work, often making poetry the
handmaiden of missionary work, trying
to give them the gospel through the
pleasant medium of poetry.
For the past ten years Mr. Richard has
b«en secretary of the Society for the Dif
fusion of Christian and General Knowl
edge Among the Chinese. With the aid
of this society, he has published over 100
different books and pamphlets in the last
year— over 37,000,000 pages— and so well
have these books been received that sev
eral of them have been republlshed by the
Chinese in different provinces.
Among other translations, the publish
ing company has brought out several of
Mr. Moody's sermons. They are In pam
phlet form with yellow dragon borders
"McKenzie's History of Civilization" has
also been translated, the binding and cov
ers ornamented and embossed in Chinese
designs.
"I have not confined my work to re
ligious translations." Mr.. Richard stated;
"we have also turned out essays on men
tal philosophy, agriculture, classical
learning and miscellaneous selections
from works on science, education and
progress."
.stuck In them, showing that the animals
were slain by these primitive weapons.
To-day, by the aid of the stone Imple
jments which have been found In France
and Germany, It may be posslbTe to say
(very much about the life of the men and
.women who dug pits for the unwieldy
'mammoth, and, having trapped him. dis
patched him at their leisure by repeated
blows of rude stone weapons. We have
Isoine of the very weapons which were
made by the earliest men on European
'soil.
i Of these extinct animals the best known
Is the mammoth, and next comes the
woolly haired rhinoceros, while perhaps
the most famous Is the cave bear. The
cave lion, the cave hyena and the urus
were also Quite common.
out. He thought that the correct interior
would gradually suggest and evolve a
suitable architectural style for the tem
ples of music.
this that it was one of the best known
Wagnerian ideas. -The only possible way
of entirely concealing the orchestra from
the audience while leaving the leader In
possible, • for. ' these elevated positions
would enable the spectators to see Into
the orchestral pit. . v.
The seats were therefore arranged in
times as high as the auditorium. Th«
stage space rises sufficiently above and
sinks sufficiently below the auditorium to
allow of either the elevation or the de
pression of a "stags set" entirely out of
Might.
Just before the performance- begtna a
few long-drawn notes of trombones and
cornets give the signal and the spectators
stream quietly In, the number of en
trances obviating any rush or confusion.
The doors are shut, not to be reopened
until the close of the act. The gas lights
hrteßlgene* to highly appreciate V»fa«r.
Mr. Damroech ought to b« a most com
petent critic, for he has bad a chance to
measure us.
"I am delighted with the musical intel
ligence of the audiences her*," say* Mr.
Damrosch. "Many of them could folly
appreciate the Bayreuth festival, and that
Is tha acme of praise.
"Everything out here la so big," con
tinues' Mr. Damrosch, "that some day
California will produce a singer big
enough for Bayreuth."
Walter Damrosch on the Coming WagnerIan Festival at Bayreuth
THE SUNDAY OATjTj.
araphUheatzicaJ rows,.thjrty row* in all.
each one sufficiently elevated abov« those
In front to command a view of the stage.
The number of seats In the separate rows
Increases, making a total seating capa
city of 1244. This is not a large audito
rium, but it Is the best in the world tor
the purpose, for' which it was built.
Wagner himself in these words describes
the effect of this arrangement which hides
the orchestra and makes the figures or
the stage seem to have more than the
stature of mortals: "The spectator finds
himself as soon as he has taken h'.s seat
In what may be called a 'theatron' In the
true sense of the word— that is, a place
designed solely for observation; the very
position of his seat turning; his gaze in
the right direction. Between him and the
scene nothing is distinctly visible, but an
Illusive sense of distance arising from the
architectural device of the* double pro
scenium carries tire scene, as It were, into
the unattainable regions of dreamland,
while sounds of music escape from the
'mystical gulf as from a world of spirit,
and like the vapors which once arose from
the bosom of mother earth upon the
Pythian priestess create In him a condi
tion of clairvoyant exaltation in which the
scenic picture becomes a truthful repro
duction of life itself."
Another striking feature of the theater
Is the Introduction of ranked columns
terminating the rows of seats upon either
side, and concealing the fiat walls behind.
These columns are so arranged that to
gether with the seats which are flanked
by them they continue the system of
perspective.
About the stag* itself there la nothing
extraordinary but Its mechanical re
sources and Its dimensions. It Is three
2From Mooi River Sir William 3Cao>
Cormac, England's distinguished surgeon,
who took the fleid with the soldiers !a
South Africa, sends to the London, Lancet
an Interesting set of notes on the remark
able bullet wounds he has seen recently.
"The greater number of these wounds," he
says, "were caused by the Mauser bullet,
and nearly all presented the characteristic!
features— a small circular, slightly de
pressed area covered by a black scab. The
?xlt wounds often were similar, but a lit
tle larger, sometimes presenting a scar
like an incised wound and difficult to dis
cover, v >>
"When I saw them a week or ten daya
after the injury they were for the most
part healed. How these bullets fall ta
damage vital structures lying immediately
In their path is nothing short of marvel
ous. The proportion of fatal chest wounds
to those that are recovered from Is be
lieved to be small, but what the propor
tion precisely is cannot yet be learned. It
is abundantly clear that one lung and
often both lungs may be traversed, and
In many directions, without causing grave
symptoms, and often without producing;
any symptoms of lunjr trouble at all."
A halt was called on operations for per
forating abdominal wounds because so
many recoveries from such wounds were
noted. So. too, the previous* indications
for operations in such cases had to be re
vised completely. Recovery from wounds
of the knee joint were so many as to make
a chapter entirely new in the experience
of the surgeons. The same Is true of
wounds to other Joints. In pelvic Injuries
It was hard to understand the limited
amount of damage done. Bullets perforate
arteries and nerves without severing them
or. In the case of arteries, without cans-
Ing the expected amount of bleeding.
A private who looked extremely well and
said he had nothing to complain of had a
hole Beven inches long and three inches
wide in his chest, which involved the
z lungs. Part of three of his ribs were car
1 ried away and the lung wris exposed. The
soldier lay in a trench ok the tisld from
1:30 to 5 o'clock before ha cc\Tld be attend
ed to. He was carried to the hospital at
12:30 o'clock that night.
Another private was hit In the middle of
the nose, and the bullet passed out the
back of his neck. Ho had a little head
ache and seme trouble in swallowing, but
in ten days the wound healed and the man
apparently was perfectly well.
•— \TJSr6jTD BICTC cad Tni
V \ Fwaraot, toreOtwr with *
1 I hundred or more aooom
1 J pUces, ere accused. L«et
~ tfry~ ¦ defend themselves.
It Js or.ly one 14-yeax-old
>«y who accuses, but the
«hcrr* '•» ** big « h « !s KtU*.
He »ays that this band cf yel
: low-coe-te"" conspirators coaxed
him all the way from Pltta
burg to B&n Francisco on a
wiil-o*-the-wlep promise of
"berre's of money." Ha has
reached here, but ha !s not
throwing gold nuggets to ba
trr*.rr.l>.3 for. Instead, ha has
taken lodgings in ono of tha
great heavy - doored, sllent
helled* buildings of our city
Where little boys may findiodg- *
Ires when nobody cares.
"I was forever reading: dot- \ ~
?is," he isald. "If It hadn't t V "¦¦'
been for the novels I'd be home \&S
COW."
He eat opposite me in the re-
ception room of the Youths* Di
rectory and calmly talked the
matter over. He talked with
c po!se and world-knowledge
that tha. average 25-year-old
fc!2s short of, but he talked hi
a voice that has not yet de
cided how old It is.
Father Crowley had sent up
et&irs for him. and I had. await
ed him In a solemn chair and
mental discomfort. The -dis
comfort was 6uch as a might
ier Interview could never call
forth. "A runaway boy, 14
years old, who travels on ca
booses," I eald to myself bjr
way of preparation. ! It etruck
me as Bounding unpropitious. I
•aw In picture an embryo Jail
bird with manners more of the
street 'nan of the parlor. Then
Vt *. c udden .1 heard the brave
rood ring of the che*ry father's
voice as he Bald: "This Is the
boy. Miss Comstock; this Is
Frank Adams." And my men
tal boy vanished Into thin air,
for the real boy was as gravely
courteous as a gentleman of
the old pchocl, and he was cay-
Ing*. "Miss Comstock, I'm
plrased to meet you."
Then we looked squarely at
one another and ehook hands,
fLnd to-day we hardly remem- *
ber when we began to be
friends.
"The co-r-ls made all the
trouble," be proceeded. "Tve
read all the novels I ever want
to — that is, dime novels, you
knew. Borne novels are ell
rlgtt. Dumas Is pretty rood,
don't you think so? 'The Three
Musketeers' Is the beet.
"Wish I'd always read Du
ssmm and bocks like that. But
X didn't. Somehow I got hold
of one of these paper-covered
stories that tell about Califor
nia, end tiuiX started me. I
took all the money my folks
Cave me er.d bought more ot
those books, and I bought
weekly papers that have that
kind cf stcrtes. They were
nearly an about California."
*"And in the week that you've been here
j-o-j don't find It Just as ' Joe Dauntlesi
aid?"
**Tbl» doesn't look so," he replied, with
& deprecatory restur* that covered his
coetume from cv'.'.ar to boots. The trou
pers have traveled mors than JDOO miles;
the rest of the clothes have teen given to
bim. and they are tstlmable but no more.
"Some'of the storH-s made out that Cal
ifornia was all a t% gold field— nothln*
to Cc but walk. cut tir.d take the trouble
to pick vp nuggets ln\the read. I didn't
.quite -believe that. bu\ I did think the
mlnlTur must be lots ea«|er than It seems
to.be, I knew there wii a big city here
eil right, but. I thought \here was gold
mil around it and that the x'.r.ing was just
about play. And I thought^t wouldn't be
en v trouble to get to the Klondike from
here. : • .m-M \
•* *Tom.r Klocdike' was tte book that
put that Idea into my head. *Tou see I
had lots .of .different ideas wten I came
here. I didn't know Just wha-Al would
"do; mine, or go, lnto the navy.Vor ship
.fi Jit. But I was going to make a fortune,
anyway. I decided that."
He is c bit .humorous when he tpeaks
tow. of his fancies. and«there is a minor
chord somewhere in his humor; it li\the
mad laugrh that' people learn after 'icy
have watched life for long years and hive
found her out. \
."I'went to school light along, so I hal
to read nights. I in the seventh
gTade. Yes. I like school all right, but I
thought I'd like a fortune better. I— well.
I was a pretty good boy, I don't care if
1 do Fay It." he blurted. "I was kind of
c leader of boys' pranks, but I studied
end bchavc-d ell ripht in school. I had
to." he added, and the pale little freckled
face took oa a whimsicality. "My father
was president of the school board."
"What were the names of some of your
novels?"
" 'Young: Glory* was one, and 'Secret
Service' and 'Nick Collier' and 'Fred
Fearnot.' They're all silly. Some of the
¦torles tell about th^barrels of money to
be made packing fruit out here, and all
the fellows In those books start out with
out a penny and come back home In a lit
tle v.hile and feel big, end they let their
mother kiss 'em and cry, and then they
Bay. The house Is a little Ehai>by, is It
riot?' and so they r<tep out and buy a
Jew town lots and put up a house with
marble steps and present it to their father
end mother, and when the folks say
Thank you,' they say 'Don't mention it.'
2 thought I'd do something like that, but
it don't look that way now. All I want is
eny kind of a Job as bellboy, elevator-boy
or anything that I can live on and get
coxae decent clothes and have c chance to
to to night school."
It is * long step down from the ffolA
mob te pay my way. Th* esftena— ; am
Wee little booses, you know, and the men
eat ea them— have reejnlar meals at a ta
bJe, and that's haw 1 boarded.
"At the bis; towns I stopped off. and X
never mtseed havlnr my clothe* washed
every, week. I sent them to a laundry and
didn't ra on to the next town until th«y
were done,
"I wanted to gut to Qmafea. and X «*£ »
¦ : - ¦ -¦:.¦" - "¦•.. \ ..
nugget fcath to the bell boy ambition. The
pity of It lies in that he has learned to
take the step gracefully.
"For a Ipns time I kept thinkln' about
etartin' ovL but I couldn't see how to do
it until on*day last October my mother
gave me tei dollars to buy some clothes.
I caw here Vas my chance. I bought a
ticket with % I never thought I was
stealin'. \
"The ten doftars bought me a half-fare
ticket to ChiciVo, and there was some
left. I took a rood look at Chicago, and
then I went on tl Joliet. That's as far as
my money lasted\
"From there on \ had to work my way.
I got the trip to BAck Island for breakin'
coal for the engine, tut that's pretty hard
work for a boy." \
I looked at the ©errous. Intelligent
hands that had never been made tor
breaking coal, and tfcft* flashed Into mr
mlnd a thought of the mother that misses
him. I know no more of her than that
she is his mother, but I know Just how
the sob sounded in her ¦ voice when she
read out the letter that told about,break
ing coal. The father, it seems, is stern
and a politician, and he has had neither
time nor will to write to the youngster
during the five months' absence; hence I
know that he only grunted when he heard
the coal story,- and he probably said, "Let
him find out for himself," and he said
it within basso range. But when Frank
enters the Pittsburg home again, some
how politics will ba.laid aside for the
evening and Frank's mother will not be
the only Interested and proud listener
when Frank elves an account' of r himself.
"I didn't walk any of the , way, and ; I
nr.ver bemmed my way, either, I never
aaked at hoxusea for anjtWae ta eat I,
U*d.e on, f?ifo > ffifflTi ,- fliTTnl 1 jwp.r.k,*d, ttWJ
cnancVto rrde.on the limited. . Bo I did. ;
I rode on the mail car. Omaha was
where I *' expected . to - see " the first signs
of what I : was lookln' for. I thought it
was all a biff mining camp, with gold as
easy as ripe peaches. It was' at 'Omaha
that Dick the Dangerous went for a walk
and came home .with dusty Bhoe3, and
when ho went to brash them ha found it
was all pure gold dust he was brushin*
off. He had to kill nineteen Indians there
to keep them from killin' him. but that
was easy., l wouldn't be afraid of Indians,"
but , there aren't any to be afraid ¦ of. I
never saw but three. They came 'out to
meet 1 the train, and they ; looked too lazy
to care about flghtlnV They, didn't have a
sign of war paint nor a feather,' and they
left my scalp. ¦'. you see." '
It Is an unlovely straw heap that they
left, but It Is brushed fit : for Jack-a-
I worker! steady, hut I spent all I earned.
Nearly all of It went In buyln' novels. I
know now it was fo->Hsh. But I wu
gettin' a little discouraged by that time,
ami I needed somethin* to brace m» up.
The novels did It. I found one that told
about a boy who dropped a plum *stono
on the ground In San Francisco and a
tree started, and that csprq him an Idea;
bo he planted fruit and made JSO.OOO. I
thought I could ral?e fruit as well as
anybody else, so T braced up. and I made
up my mind to keep on.
"After four months workin* I started
out again and without a cent. I'd spent
It all. But I came pretty straight to San
Francisco.
"In all novels the boys jro west to find
their fortunes, and so I came West, and
I kept comin". hopin' all the way for
somethln' to turn up. But when I got
here there wasn't any further west to sh
unless I Joined the navy, and it took me
two days hangin" around th© water front
to find out there wasn't any chance to do
that. -"When I was comin' over on ths
ferryboat I said to a man. Is that Goat
Island?' and h» said 'Yes.* and I said,
'I'm coin? there.' and he laughed at me,
apd I guess he laughed right. I've come
as far west as I can get, and It Isn't a
big gold field, and there aren't any bar
rels of money for a boy to make Jn a few
weeks. It's a big city where I don't know
anybody, and where there are more boys
than there are jobs."
••What can you dor* I asked him. He
makes a bold stretch at a fourteen-year
old height, but he Is far too slight, and
his plain, strong little face Is pinched and
white. He Is wearily tenae in body and
mind, for the nerves have been strung
tight, and they are only a child's nerves.
"What can you do?" I asked/ and look-
Ins; I saw only a pale, worn little speci
men of humanity that looked absurdly
incapable set In contrast to the big hulX
lng. Jostling world. But when I asked
him what he could Ao he replied without
a hint of boast. "Anything." It was as
unconscious and simple as if I had asked,
**What do 2 and 2 make?" and the an
swer had been "4."
Then in the light of what he had done,
X. believed the word of this stranger? old
youngster.
He stepped forward and opened the
door for me perfectly. I left a good lac*
wish behind me and departed, to reflect
all the way to the car, which means
a whole block of reflection. The moral
is as crudely obvious as that of any Sun
day-school book; the moral of the run
away boy and hi 3 come-up-ance; this Is
the wild goose chaso of the year.
But I marveled that it was the splendid
folly of one whom you would pass In a
hurry for only an ungainly, freckle-faced
boy. SARAH COMSTOCK.
FROM PITTSBURG
TO SAN FRANCISCO
Trip of a SfpsTT Boy
' Who £arpe West to pick Up
Gold and -Fight Tndfa'ns.
- ¦.-......
THU SOTTDAT QAJJW
It - a queer feeling. Ever bars It? T«mi
feel awful far off from everything, and
you kind of think you wouldn't duck your)
head under the bed clothes If your mother ¦.
tried to kiss you rood night. It's a queer
feelin*. ;
"It cam* over me so queer thai X
thought Pd better do ; eomethln* to get
, over It, so I moved on -to Grand \ Island.'
I got a place there as bellboy in a pood.
hotel— lt ¦ "was a four-dollar hotel— and £
stayed four months. X wanted money, M
Some Wonderful Wounds Seen
in South African War.
3
liw) wOd tor I «w ww.
"Omaha didn't oome op to irbal X ex
pected, and when I rot there I felt MaA
of homesick. That was the . flnrt time.Concerning the origin of the name and custom of All fool's day
contributed more to the extermination of
the heathen religion and its priests than
all the collateral aids of fire and sword,
though they were also freely employed.
The continuance of customs— especially
droll ones, which suit the gross taste of
the masses— after the original cause of
them has been removed. Is a very common
occurence. and by many antiquaries It is
firmly believed that "fooling" people on
the Ist of April is simply a perpetuation
of the annual public ridiculing of the old
Druid's and their superstitions.
Still another oripin. of a semi-religious
character, 13 thus claimed for April Fools'
day In a quaint old book of folk-lore
called "Father Time's Flyghtes." pub
lished in London In 1659. "numerous
Jewish Origin of the Custom of Making
Fools on the First of April. This is said
to have begun from "ye mistake of Noah
sending ye dove out before ye water had
abated, on ye first day of ye month which
among ye Hebrews answers to our first
of April, and to perpetrate ye memory of
this deliverance it was thought proper
whoever forgot so remarkable a circum
stance to punish them by sending them
upon some fool's errand similar to- the
Ineffectual message upon which ye bird
was sent by ye patriarch."
The French associate with the first of
April precisely the same Ideas as do Enr
llsh speaking nations, but the person Im
posed upon, whom we call an April FcJ*.
they style an April Fl3h or Polsson d' -v
ril. In the "Etymology of French pro
verbs," a most curious and delightful
work published In 1356. Billlngton I the
author, gives the following expiation
of the origin of April Fool customs / "The
word poisson is corrupted throtffn the
Ignorance of the people from pasr'on. and
length of time has almost totall- defaced
the original intention, which w^ as fol
lows: That as the Passion of c-n* Saviour
took place about this time o'the year,
and as the Jews sent Chris*; backward
and forward to mock and't->rment him.
1. c., from Annns to Caiaph?*». from Caia
phas to Pilate, from Pilate -°- Herod and
from Herod back to Pilate, this ridiculous
or rather Impious custorrAook Its rise
from thence, by which we send about
from one place to anoO«r such persona
aa we think proper subjects of our ridi
cule."
But It Is not only thrjU&hout Great Brit
ain, France and our/own country that
fools are made on U« nrst day of April.
The custom 1- elabrratfly observed
throughout Sweden, aid In Germany an
April fool la called elnen zam April
shlcken." The same custom haa also been
observed in India fr>m time immemorial.
Late in March of <ach year the Hindoos
hold a great celetratton which they call
the Hull festival, of which the last day
is the greatest aid most general holiday.
During the con.nuance of the Hull, one
of its chief dl^rsions is to send people
on errands ar^ expeditions that are to
end In disapr^ ntment an<l raise a lausi
at the expend of the person sent.
But the cistom of making April fools
has-been traced back to an antiquity even
greater t!** n that of the Hull festival of.
the Hind ° 9 - Tne ancient Persians wer»
accustorr«<l to celebrate the period of the
vernal rruinox. which may occur as early
as ila-^n 22 or as late as April 23. with
elaborv*<? festival tites and diversions; of
the Utter the chief was the making of
fool- precisely as we are accustomed to
mate them on April Fools* day.
jjp a quaint volume of poem.l bearing
tH title, "Verses On Several Occasions."
i,.id published In London. 1752, April Foola'
.ay is thus alluded to:
Now April morn b!*r Folly's throas exalts:
Now Dobb calls Nell and lauebs because ah*
halts.
"While Nel! meets Tom and Bays his tall la
loose,
Then laughs In turn and caJTa poor Thoma
"Goose."
In England, from earliest times, th»
ridiculous errands upon which the victim
of an April fool Joke •- sent have been
called "sleeveless errands." but the origin
and true significance of this term ar»
completely buried in oblivion and no an
tiquary has yet been able to unearth
them. These errands are as numerous as
they are Ingenious. Some of them hava
almost become classics, such, for Instance.
as sending a person to a book store for
the second edition of "Cock Robin" or
the "History of Eve's Mother": . sending
some one to a milk dealer for a pint ot
pigeon's milk and to, a shoemaker for an
ounce of strap oil. which, if the shoe
maker has been Initiated Into the Joke,
the Inquirer receives In the shape of a
severe blow from a strap acros3 the shoul
ders. AMY F. STOCKTON.
Land in England la 300 times aa valuable
now as it was 200 years a*o. •*»*
respect the cause he represented.
The venerable cattle king gazed at me
for so long that the silence became pain-
ful. I heard nothing but the sucking of
pipe stems, and the occasional thud of a
heavy, moist globule on the floor. When
the President perceived that I had entered
the room with the determination not to
pletlves. The point of view has much to
do with the relative force of greetings.
Thus Paul Kruger can overwhelm a
visitor with what we should regard as
rudeness, yet on the day following show
by his actions that in his heart was only
good will.
When Dr. Leyds learned that I had seen
of Oom Paul as a theological humbug,
He did not make that Impression on me at
all. On the contrary, I believe that his
great influence among those who know
him lies" not merely In that he belongs to
a particular branch of the Protestant
church, but that he is thoroughly honest
In his practices. Of course, rumors are
his first visit to the metropolis.
But that, after all. was a mere detail,
Lincoln was also an ungainly. If not ugly,
man, whom we love dearly for his very
eccentricities of dress and feature. The
Transvaal President, on this occasion,
carried a hymn book of portentous size in
one hand, and in the other a red ban-
toria. and while I -was living at Pieter
ir.aritzourg. as guest of Colonel Dartnell,
the chief of the mounted? police, this Iden
tical dispatch case was one night ucposlt
e-cTat police headquarters by a mes?enger
vho could give no Ticcount of himself,
and did not even wait for a reward. I
looked carefully through my treasures;
r«ot a thing was missing. - And yet there
tire people who insist that the Bo*rs are
corrupt!
When I reached Pretoria, therefore. I
•was without letters, ar.d- I should have
been without money, had not a good
friend kindly lent me some. 1 had writ
ten ah~ad, however, to Dr. Leyds, detail
ing my purpose in visiting the Transvaal.
end ii;voki:.g his assistance. With this
letter I inclosed one of Introduction.
Hut the State secretary was evidently
suspicious. On the morning after my ar
rival in Pretoria there came to my ho
tel a young Hollander whose card was
decorated with a coronet, and who told
me that he was a secretary of Dr. Leyds,
come to express that gentleman's regrets
that he would not be able to receive me —
that he was not in good health— that he
was too busy— there were lots of other
good reasons, but 1 have forgotten them.
So I was inclined to be discouraged— for
r.ot only was I there minus my precious
dispatch case, but, apparently, the State
Secretary had determined that I should
not see President Kruger, nor anything
else worth mentioning at the Boer cap
ltal.
But Just then along came a pplendid
Boer friend, Mr. Jooste, of the Volksraad.
"We had been fellow passengers to the
Cape, for he is one of the Transvaalers
who have traveled and studied politics at
fir.^t hand. He took me without further
ceremony to the house of President Kru-
Cer.
When we reached his residence I was
etruck by the e\1dences of military pro
tection at hand. He hud a trooper pacing
nt his gate, and across the mad. in a va
cant lot. was an encampment for the re
lief of this guard. There was nothing of
this sort at Bloemfontein. and many Pre
toria Boers disapproved of this feature,
e&ying it wa* only a dodge of Dr. Leyds
pound which suggested the lions' ca^e at
the menagerie about the time when food
Is expected. There was a heavy growling,
as of surf heating up into caves on the
seashore. We approached the door and
knocked— we might as well have knocked
at a pilot-house in the teeth of a hurri
cane. The rumbling within rose and fe'l,
but obviously our presence was not noted:
fo Mr. Jooste pushed open that door, as
he had the previous one. and we entered
Into a cloud of smoke so thick that It re
minded me of an engine-room when the
steam has be^n leaking. For a while I saw
nothing, though the quality of the vapor
assured me that I was in the midst of
a club of smoker? — there was no -doubt
about that. Jooste took me by the hand
and steered me around the corners of the
apartment until we stopped by the side
of an armchair. In which there sat. with
a pipe between his teeth, a grand old
farmer— a sort of apostolic cowboy— that
was Paul Kruger. He sat in state as the
master of this roomful of long-haired
burghers, belching forth guttural phrases
which sounded blasphemous tj my ears—
but to those of the others it was simply
everyday L»ow Dutch. I was reminded of
that famous Potsdam Tobacco Club, in
which the Corporal "King" of Prussia
made life odious to Frederick the Great.
When Paul Kruger caught sight of us,
and Jooste whispered something in h's
car, he lo'oked at me with bovine stolidity,
while the fifty apostles did the same.
Then he prunted, and the fifty echoes
made one more grunt. 1 learned after
ward that the=e fifty burghers were not
here as an official Council of State; on
the contrary, they were Oom Paul's
friends, who hud merely dropped in for a
chat over a pipe and a bowl of coffee.
It Is but fair to Mr. Kruger to admit
that he eucceeded in making me feel thor
oughly uncomfortable. His fixed, stolid,
Ins-CFUtable and ambiguously benevolent
gaze rested upon me with suffocating
force. His fifty apostles backed this gaze
with equally impassive eyes, all turned
upon the intruder from far away, who
tried meanwhile to make believe that this
sort of reception was quite customary In
Books, and a benediction. The b&Mss dl
what babies are apt to do when ther
tire of one position, or think it Is meal
time; but baby voices ruffled neither Paul
Kruger, the parson, nor any one else.
The President told m<* a story to Uluj»
trats his wickedness as a youngster. Of
course we know that his childhood and
youth were spent mainly In cattle wag
or.-, and that he did not get an oppor
tunity for being baptized tmtfl he was 15.
But In spitp of all these educational hand
icaps, the Boers who led this gypsy Ufa
for so many years managed to hold fast
to the Bible and give the youngsters a
wholesome dose of good old-fashioned
Calvinistlc doctrine. But Kruger was
rated as a very bad lad In his day, meas
ured of course by the standard of the
"Dopper Church." He told me that he was
not merely the best wrestler, the best
rider and the beat shot of his time, but
was also noted for playing all sorts of
pranks calculated to shock the good peo
ple of his community. I suppose he was
a bit of a Tom Sawyer in his way.
The first church for the new town was
about ready.- I forget the cane — perhaps
It was Rustenburg. At any rate, young
Kruger. along with the r-r,t of the peopl*
of that community, had worked upon the
eacred edifice, and the tlm? tame for some
solemn function connected with Its dedi
cation. On that particular day, when all
the people, in solemn garb and mien, had,
assembled to do honor to the occasion,
there was a psychological moment when
all gazed up to the rocf and saw a young
ster standing on his head, clacking his
heels together. That youngster was Paul
Kruger.
What happened after that has not yet
become accessible to the historian. I
heard that Influences were subsequently
brought to bear upon him which produced
a change of heart, to say nothing of a
new skin. His father appealed to him In
various ways — first at one end, then a:
the other. Which prevailed I know not-
Some years after this young Kruger be
came subject to melancholia and retired
to the wilderness without letting any one,
not even his wife, know of his whsro-
abouts. He was several days absent an<t
then his neighbors went in search. They
were pulded to him by hearing the chant
ing of hymns In the distance— and from,
my experience of that voice ther must
have v.card him a day's Journey off. Poor
Kruger had been fasting, and was bo
emaciated that he had to be held oa
horseback as they brought him home.
That was in 1557. when 32 year 3 of *_*•
From that time on Kruger was a changed
man— a devout Christian according: to his
lights.
By Poultney Bigelow
Author of "White Mao's Africa." Etc
say the first word he opened conversation
by a grunt as of a bull in distress, and a
few words that might have been intended
to place me at my ease; or might have
been meant as a curse. The badinage of
the forecastle Is not that of the salon, and
I have heard men in the far West embrace
In the most affectionate manner while
poisoning the air with blasphemous ex-
the President he promptly recovered from
his severe Illness, and for the rest of my
visit showed me civility. He told me
many an interesting ancedote about
Kruger, and Kruger, In turn, spun many
a yarn about his early days.
We are apt to think pious people
necessarily hypocrites, and I found many
English at the Cape speak contemptuously
THK manner of my getting access to
President Xruger was of Itself an
rj>i'.r-:2i«» of Krugerism. In that
ynr. 1^56. tlie Transvaal epent
ibo'-t £-i>?.000 la secret service, and
part of it wont to pay the man who
stole my dispatch rate. I had come from
Cape Town arrerd with the strongest pos
elble Mi'!* of introduction to the politi
cal leaders tn Pretoria, ar.d had no other
©bj~et ;t:-n recording truthfully my lm
prcrFioiie. M Blocmfonteln this dispatch
case was Klulen from me, under clrcum-
Etsnces* which '•'¦ft no doubt In the minds
of the chiefs of police In the Free State
end Natal that the theft had been made
for strlctfy political reasons. It was rath
er awkward fcr me, because in the same
ba£ was b'A my manuscript, my letters
ef Introduction, and— my letter of credit.
Advertising In every peper in South Af
rica £:d r.o cjod. After my visit to Pre-
to make the country believe that Oom
Paul's life was In danger from the
Johannesburg conspirators.
After passing the Fentry we knocked at
the front door of the Kruger mansion —
which mansion, by the way, was of about
the size and appearance of a farm out
building. No answer! We knocked a sec
ond time, and louder. There was no an
swer! My friend pushed the door open,
and we stood in a hail which traversed
the whole house, and led to a big yard
beyond. We knocked again. No answer!
We went out Into the yard and shouted
—no answer! A negro girl poked her head
out of a Bide building, but withdrew It
suddenly on seeing us. Evidently Mrs.
Kruger disliked bells and parlor-maids.
Then I eald to Jooste that I presumed
the family were not at home; but Jooste
scouted the Idea. Just then I heard. In
one of the neighboring apartments, a
his part of the world. There was, how
ever, nothing In the least malevolent In
these fifty-one stares; It was morbid fancy
only which made it seem that blank star
ing fell short of the real thing In cour
tesy. I was treated quite as well as the
customs of the place demanded. I was at
the Boer court, and was experiencing eti
quette n la Kruger.
Yet now I recall that ordeal with some
thing of a shudder. I have met a great
may kings in my day— black kings, white
kings, and yellow ones. Monarchs of many
kinds have I bowed to— millionaires, po
litical bosses, war lords and other mighty
mortals. But I confess cheerfully that
no king, kaiser or Congressman ever made
me feel so completely the nothingness of
my worthless self as did old Paul Kruger
over his pipe and bowl amidst his fifty
cowboy cronies. He commanded my dread
and admiration; he almost made me
rife that he 'is corrupt, that he has put
away vast sums, that his religion Is mere
ly a cloak for wickedness. That may all
be true: but I, tor one, have no evidence
to support that view, and I find that sach
stories emanate usually from a class of
people whose trade It Is to rely mainly
upon money for their influence. I do not
believe Kruger Is corrupt— l do not believe
that all American Congressmen are cor
rupt—l prefer to be an optimist.
On Sunday morning I saw the Presi
dent, quite alone, walking toward a very
shabby church near his home. He wore
a black cylinder on his head. It was
that kind of hat which appear* irith ns
mainly on the negro minstrel stage. His
frock coat had the hinder buttons n -ax
the middle of his back and the bottoms
of his trousers were considerably above
his ankle*, The whole outfit sugrested a
caricature of the "¦t_j-«" farmer o*,rlnc
PERSONAL IMPRESSIONS AND REMINISCENCES OF OOM PAUL KRUGER.
TJ3TE SUNDAY CALL.
dana handkerchief. Ont of cariosity I
entered the same church, anticipating of
course, that I should find It crowded, from
the mere fact that the President went
there. I was judging by what on» would
have looked for in Washington— or Lon
don. The little Pretoria church could not
have held more than a hundred or so.
yet I counted but twenty-four in the con
gregation, and of these the majority were
mothers with babes In their arms. The
President took his seat in an armchair
which had been specially provided for
him beneath the pulpit— this was the only
distinction he enjoyed over the rest of his
fellow worshipers.
The service was very simple — about the
sort of thine I should have found In
most Methodist or Congregational meet
ing-houses In an American villas*. Ther»
was a long prayer, a long: sermon, a hymn
or two. a chapter from the Book «f
4
period of eight days. April 1 Is the
octave of March 25, and the last day
of a festival octavo was always marked
by the greatest abandon and festivity.
At the New Year season especially all
sorts of wild, mirthful pranks were In
dulged In, and of these It is believed that
our April fool usages - were a part.
Origins of a religious nature have been
boldly claimed for April Fools' day by
many writers. An old English antiquary,
writing In 1753. states that the custom of
imposing upon and ridiculing people on
the Ist of April may have an allusion to
the mockery of the Savior of the world
by the Jews. Something like that which
we call making April fools Is practiced
also abroad in Catholic countries on In
nocents' day, on which occasion people
run through all the rooms, making a pre
tended search in and under the beds. In
memory, I believe, of the search made by
Herod for the discovery and the destruc
tion of the child Jesus and of his having
been imposed upon and deceived by the
wise men, who, contrary to his orders
and expectation, "returned to their own
country another way."
When the early Britons were Induced to
forsake' their Druidical priests and Idols
and to embrace Christianity, It was their
custom" for many years after to annually
hold in their churches at the commence
ment of April a great festival, resem
bling the Roman Saturnalia, at which
they indulged in a thousand ridiculous
and indecent ceremonies, gambols and
dancing grotesquely to ludicrous anthems.
These singular observances referred to the
exploded pretensions of the Druids, whom
this ' festival was designed to hold up to
scorn and derision. That there Is no more
effective weapon than ridicule was again
proved In this case, for this feast of fools
""Whence proceeds the custom of making
April fools? Answer: From a memorable
transaction happening between " the
Romans and the Sabine.3, mentioned by
Dionysius. Which was thus: The Romans,
about the Infancy of their city, wanting
wives, and finding they could not obtain
the neighboring women by their peaceable
addresses, resolved to make use of strata
gem, and accordingly Romulus instituted
certain games to be performed in the be
ginning of April (according to the Roman
calendar) in honor of Neptune. Upon no
tice thereof the bordqring Inhabitants,
with their whole families, flocked to Rome
to see this mighty celebration, whereupon
the Romans seized a number of the Sablna
virgins and ravished them, which imposi
tion, we suppose, may be the foundation
of this foolish custom." This most absurd
and wholly unjustifiable account of the
origin of making April fools is thus ridi
culed by a poet of the time:
Ye witty tiparks who makes pretense
To answer questions with good sense.
How cornea.it that your monthly Phoebus .
Is made a fool by Dionysius?
For had the Sablnen, as they -came,
D-partpd with their, vlrirln fame.
The Romans had been Jtyled dull tools,
"And they, poor Rlrls. been April Fools.
Therefore. If this be" n't out of season, -¦•'¦;;
Pray, think and give a better reason.
Some old folk-writers claim that our
April Fool customs are attributable to the
fact that the year formerly began, as to
come purposes and in some respects, on
the 25th of March, which was supposed
?o be the day of Our Lord's incarnation.
At that time' it was customary for all
festivals to continue for an octave, or
(Copyright and nil rights reserved.)
"The first of April lome do say.
TVoa «et apart for All Fools' Day;
But why the people call It «o.
Nor I nor they therr.reUes do know."
Thus an old English poet sings truly,
for It would be a hard matter to find any
one who can give an accurate and correct
account of how the Ist of April came to
be known as All Fools' day and of the ori
gin of the custom pertaining to It of then
_ trying to make fools
W\ of people generally
Sf , „ in every conceivable
tjrfjf V^ WS&JS"'"^ manner. In old
¦ books of folklore al-
most innumerable
r I jo^w statements are made
Bf &a concerning the or-
B y - . igin of • both name
it and custom, all dlf
' • " " ferlng as widely as
the poles and bear
" ; •. - ing not the slightest
Wlatlon to each other.
A learned antiquary, writing in 1599,
claims that our April Fools' day Is but a
continuation of the Qulrinalla, or feast of
fools, bf the ancient Romans. In- "The
British Apollo." a most ingenious work
published !n 17C8. I find the following:Adam and Xoah, Methusaleh and Solcv
rnon. Moses and the Apostles wero all
hopelessly confused In Bill's recitals of
the 'events which go to make up biblical
history and with him the Feast of the
Passover and the Lord's Supper were woe
fully entangled.
But on one point Bill's mind was defin
itely fixed; he had long entertained the
notion that the parson had only served
bread and wine on the communion table
because he was pressed for cash and
couldn't afford anything more elaborate.
But Bill's purse was not. yet emptied of
his season's earnings and he generously
concluded that on communion Sunday
there should be a* spread the people would
remember for years to come.
.Hi 3 first communion Sunday. was In
truth the red letter day In the history of
Big Horn. Just as the lynching day was
the event indelibly recorded In the annals
of Sheridan.
The congregation assembled as nsnal
and Bill preached from the text. "It Is L
be not afraid." He dwelt for some time
on the events attending the creation, and
when he reached tha flood he told how
Solomon gathered together two of every
• . °
aborxt herd cattle In Egypt and paint the
t doors with sheep blood '. so the Lord
(wuddenf kill 'em wen he got hot about
'Faro. That's what I call lernin' some
thing, an' I got it all from the parson,
an' wot's good enough fer him Is a full
hand with Lariat Bill."
There was a strange hush over the con
gregation as Bill resumed his seat and
when the preacher took him by the hand
and offered up a prayer for the rude com
ing into the fold, there were several
others who came forward and the Rev.
Mr. Walt felt a greater satisfaction over
the penitents before the throne that night
than had ever come to him In the brief
period of his ministry.
After this Bill was almost constantly
with the parson. Hour by hour, he listen
ed to the reading of the word' and puz
zled over the mysteries of the Holy Writ,
which have puzzled many wiser heads
than hl3.
At times when a portion was perused
•which completely staggered Bill's under
standing he would break forth Into
streams of cjis3 words, before which h'<»
young preceptor bent as a tree in a gale,
• but never once did he try to stem the tide
of Bill's profanity.
So Bill cursed this one and commiserated
that as his friend read their experiences
from the Book and the parson pursued his
task knowing the outcome was for good.
Finally, when the heavy snows threat
ened, the Rsr. Mlnot Walt left Big Horn
to return .to his Eastern home. To his
surprise Lariat Bill announced kl* Inten
tion of preaching to the Big Horn con
gregation until the spring round up when
necessarily his work would call him else
where. •
No congregation ever hung more atten
tively" on the words of a teacher than this
' one In Big Horn awaited the teachings cf
Lariat BUI.
Ha taught them much they could have
acquired In no dther way. In the past
few weeks Bill had been an earnest and
eagerly attentive listener, although hl.i
memory for dates and events proved to be
at times unreliable. Still. !n the main, he
did welL Beside tba Bible on the rough
pulpit ha was wont to place his two six
shooters pointing over the heads of his
hearers and on a nail at the side his lariat
was colled and hung. Now and then
when a youth of the congregation forgot
tha sacredness of the place Bill's lariat
flaw out straight as an arrow and settled
down over the head and shoulders of the
offender, while Bill Jerked him into sl-
Isao*. Then tha service would proceed.
j^V ? OT often wris La*!at Bin ?n a dls
jxl frur.Jied o.nditiTi. but to-day as
] fcp rst :n th? shadow of the littla
ranrh shack at David's ranch on
th^ Fr'nkirs Water he appeared for the
Drst time in years entirely dissatisfied
vi: h his condition.
He had practically been born a cowboy.
Almost Ircm birth he had been In the sad
dle, ar.d ell of his early shortcomings were
vigorously called to his attention by his
paternal ancestor through the vigorous
and cfttimes injudicious use of the raw
hide. So when finally he was left to shift
for himself small wonder that he took to
the herds of the plains, and gradual mi
grations led him stage by stage Into Wyo
'rr.lr.g. where he~ finally became known all
th way from Fort Russell to Billings.
Bill was an ideal prohibitionist. To tha
insidious dangers of bacteria lurking In
water his stomach was a total stranger,
end for ten years at least water as a bev
erage had never been known to pass b.i
Ups.
Rraclr.g •was a laborious process wit)
Lariat Bill, poring over letter by letter un
til the unsatisfactory progress led him ti
throw aside literature in disgust. Beside
that, his association with cowboys had lee
him to believe that the earth was largel;
peopled with men following that profes
e'.on. ur.til of lat* there had come int<
his experience **veral men. well dressed
c/j!*t as to voice and subdued In manner
who despite th^ir distinctly tenderfoo
Qualities knew fully as much as he or hi
associates about the cattle on the plains
Most convincing of all of these walkir.i
argument* in. favor of a different degrei
cf civilization, and accomplishment wa;
the rase cf a young tenderfoot from Bos
ton, who had drifted in on the rancl
sbcut a week before, who had been large
ly Instrumental in throwing Lariat Bil
Ir.to a ftate ct dangerous unrest. Davlc
¦was away, down at Cheyenne after thi
fall round-up was over, and Bill was lef
to lock after things on the ranch. wh«»r
one morning he looked up and saw a 11th'
ycur.g fellow of perhaps 28 or SO riving up
mounted on a ecrubby looking cayus«
rr.ar.lfestir;g an Insufficient amount of en
+rtry to cover more than fifteen or twentj
miles a day.
Bill's own bronco, with the reins drag
ging on the dry. bur.eh grass as he grazed
Tricked up his ears and whinnied reas
nzlngly •while the rider, dismounted and
approached the fhack.
"Morr.in*. stranger." called out Bill lust
!Jy. "Whar bound?"
"Down Big Horn way: but somehow 1
drifted eff the read and had hard work
flr.fiir.fr it again. Seems as though I ought
to be nearly there by this time. I started
eff the rai'.road at Bllllnfrs."
r.i'.l Fhcok with laughter for a while,
end when he had fully recovered his com
posure he exclaimed. "Why. pard. if. ye'r
on the road to B:;r Horn yell land In Yel
lowstone Park if yer keep on this line.
Only time you've been on the road. I reck
cr. was when ye"r at Billings. Big Horn's
cr the stagre line southward, an" ye've been
fteerin' about cs straight west as the
wind kin take yer. W'y. stranger, yer a
fctntdred an' fifty mile off the trail if yer a
rod. Hyar's Stinkin' Water Creek and
David's ranch: an' Billines' way off thar
vrhar ye kern from, ar.d Rig Horn's down
thtr to jrer left to hell an* gone. Say.
ftrar.per. vrhnr d'ye hell from, anyway?"
btA T-arlaf Bill leaned forward and re
garded his visitor curiously.
"Boston." answered the new arrival.
composedly, "and I'm. a preacher. I came
West for my vacation, and time doesn't
cut much of a figure with me; so If I'm
eff the road I can start out in the right
direction, and the extra ride will not have
harmed rr.e. What may I rail you?"
"<"\t'.l me. e-tranger? W'y, every one
knows Lariat Eill in these parts. Yell
fc&r from m«» if yer stay Ion;? enough."
"Larist Bill." mused the Boston impor
tation: "Larry, for short. I suppose?"
Bill was on his feet on the Instant. "No
yer don't, stranger; none o* yer fresh
familiar with Lariat BUI. Yer kin ride.
y.'.n yer? Wall. 'git on my .cayuse, Bos
ton, an" let's see yer paces. "Boston" de
tr.urred slightly, end then a* he Fiw a
hard look steal into Leria.t Bill's big pray
eyes .-.c turned Bnd walked slowly toward
the brocco. ' ;t-£ .
As be approached, every hair alorg th«
animal's spine began to stand erect, end
under tha suiface could he reen the ner
vocs twrching of the muscles which cul
rr.lr.ates la that marvelous rainbow curve
ry which the genus bronco it enabled to
throw en's hundred and sixty pounds of
btneasity fer twenty-five f*»et into the
eir en a l.en exactly perpendicular that
t half a <".• zer. times In succession a man
¦will r "light In the Fame epot unless -he
make* a vigorous effort to throw him
eeif out cf the line of«that terrible re
action. If "Boston" noticed this hirsute
manifestation he showed no evidence of
it er.d finally laid his hand easily on the
pommel cf tb^ cowboy saddle. As he did
ro Bill weakened a little and called out,
"Held on thar. stranger; yell never say
that Lariat BM tuk a mean advantage
cf a tenderfoot. Take the spurs." As he
was speaking he unbuckled the big star
spurs from his heavy cowhide boots and
threw them at hii visitor's feet. "Bos
ton" mafia a gesture signifying Indiffer
ence, but bent down end ciumslly adjust
ed the big rp'urs to bl» well-sh*.p«d boots.
Then he got Into th* saddle. He was
there only a moment, ltr aa he was about
to take a short bold of the reins, which
he had failed to do as he mounted, that
bristling back bowed upward suddenly
and the young preacher. I'Xe a shot from
a catapult, went straight up toward the
«ky trailing cloudless above him.
Either he was very light cr the bronco
m-£s unusudly muscular, for certainly,
barring explosions, never man tcok so ex
tended a f.lght on so short notice. Bill
locked en unaffectedly. It was a com
monplace occurrence for him to witness,
for this particular Lronco was no - j»d from
Billings to Cheyenne. When the stranger
had reached the zenith of his flight, how
ever, something transpired which iwak
er.cd Bill's interest. The stranger"* feet
were thrown outward so that his legs vera
In almost a etraight line. As he bega&'to
descend Bill exclaimed excitedly, "He'll
travel In two pieces if he light* that
way."
As Boston approached the saddle, how
ever f his har.ds suddenly dropped and
FTruck the pommel, permitting him to
elirht easily; then those extended feet
came toward one another with all the
force of a vigorous pair cf thighs unit
ing in a. great effort, and the long points
of. the E^urs dug their cruel length into
the sides of the bronco.
This time it was the bronco, as well as
B21; that gave a startled gasp. The tall
e-jddenly elongated, the head stuck out in
a straight line from the neck, and with
& wild snort the animal dashed madly
ever the plain. Again and egain those
terrible, spurs went outward and back
egain into the bleeding Bides of the as
tonished bronco, and the last view of his
P£t animal vouchsafed to Lariat Bill was
a silhouette against the southern 6ky as
he disappeared over the ridge, Boston's
legs sticking out at right angles from
the body, preparing lor another »an
gulnary onslaught of the spurs.
Bill went' slowly vp to where the miser
able cream-colored cayuse was lazily gras.
leg, ar.d standing with his back toward
ti* aiUmaJ's heels Invitingly tickled him
with a whip. Th# caynse was too tired
i or too lazy to respond to the suggestive
. Invitation to kick, and Bill turned away
i disgustedly. Then all of a sudden he
i danced about excitedly and began to
I swear. Over' the gray dreariness of the
' surrounding plain, startling the sluggish
- movement of the Stinking Water Creek,
i echoing back from the mud-filled wails
, of the little log nhack. the profanity of
, Lariat Bill quivered and throbbed and
: -pulsated with all the emotional vigor of
i Bill's r°nt-up disgust with himself and his
, Burrour.dinrs,
; To-day was th« .seventh since his pet
i bronco had taken French leave with a
i Btrarger In the saddled and the seventh
• day that Bill had stamped around moodily
i and with growing anger, pondering over
• the situation. .-.¦>• ;-'• -
The cayuse that remained was a poor
, man's hnrsp— good enough to «<ave walk
i Ing. but beyond that undeserving' of fa
. vorable comment. .: •_
Besides. BUI had not. forgiven the. ani
mal for refusing to. kick him that well
remembered day he Invited the deserved
chastisement. -• '
BUI had a sufficiently, clear Idea of th«
eternal fitness of thine*, to realize that
he had received his Just deserts In the
even exchange which the tenderfoot had
been forced into making, but the more
he pondered over the occurrence tha
more he became convince^ that he had
been bunkoed, and that Boston was no
parson, and when this. became a .settled
conviction he decided to look -up the miss
ing bronco.
Meanwhile, about sundown the fourth
day. the Rev. Mlnot Walt had arrived at
the ranch of a low-browe<l, slow-speaking
lunpMshman named Johnson,' about a hun
dred miles to the southward.
After the homely evenlns meal was
over Johnson quite naturally strolled over
to wh^rp the bronco was grazing, looking
something the worse /or h!s suddenly
Improvised trip: then •ho turned and
looked toward his reverend visitor with
a considerable degree of suspicion.
"Trade or buy?" he .queried sharply.
"Trade," responded Mr. Walt, laconical
ly, too tired to enter into, a lengthy ex
planation.
Johnson •worked around the shack' for
a tlm<\ then said he had to go down to
Sheridan that night and would leave his
visitor to.^make himself comfortable. The
parson soon turned in and fell into a pro
found slumber, from which he was awak
ened rlotic toward mornir.pr by the pound
of hoofs ami voices approaching the place.
Turning so he could see In the direction
the sounds proceeded, he discerned In the
uncertain light a half dozen or more cow
boys dismounting and approaching the
cabin. '
Johnson came up warily, and called for
him to come out. to which he responded
sleepily, then getting Into hi<! clothes,
wondering wbajrtt all meant, he emerged
from the hut. "Hands up:" called John
son suddenly, and to his .amazement he
beheld a half dozen six-shooters pointing
menacingly In his direction. Up went his
hands and then he asked what It was all
atout. They told him it was no use play-
Ing Innocent: he had Lariat Bill's bronco
In his possession and every one who knew
Bill knew that money could not buy the
enlraal. so there was only one conclusion
— he must .have stolen , it. . ..••,'
The Rev. Mr. Walt suddenly- wished
that be was back in Boston. |He had al
ways been an indifferent worker, although
he followed the Christian teachings as he '
Interpreted them.
But now he woke up to- the necessity
of saying something and saying It quick
ly: so he tried to explain the situation.
It sounded a trifle flshy, but one of the
men acknowledged It would have been
mightily like one of Bill's pranks, though
he didn't quite believe it.. However, this
led them to temporize, and convinced that
their man was unarmed and entirely *at a
disadvantage anyway, they sat dt>wn to
talk It over. Finally all agreed to wait
six 'days, .and ,by that time- cither -Bill
would show up or he wouldn't. If he put
in an appearance and claimed the bronco
the parson would have to swing. If he
didn't chow up It would be proof that
something was wrong and they'd hang
the parson anyway.
The parson was taken to Bhertdan and
the clx days dragged along wearily for
the accused. He read the little pocket
Bible he had with him, but he didn't
make any ostentatious show of his re
ligious pursuits.
Sundown of the sixth day came and no
Bill; then 7 o'clock, and It began to get
dark, and finally through the streets, or
rather the street, of the town there
wound a motley procession of cowboys
and gamblers and some of the better ele
ment to see a parson's feet fan the breeze
for snatching a bronco.
A lone tree, none too tall for the grew
some purpose, stood Just on tha out
eklrts of the town, and to this the crowd
escorted its victim.
Arriving at the tree, the spokesman told
the preacher to say anything he had to
cay, because they meant business, and
the man who took Lariat Bill's bronco
would have to swing.
For once in his life the Rev. Mlnot
Walt got down on his knees feeling that
between him and his Maker there was
only a dangling bit of rope. As he knelt
the cowboys gathered around him In a
semicircle, luridly lighted up by a blaz
ing lire of grass and branches which had
been hastily heaped together.
That row of faces the parson never for
get. On the outskirts of the crowd a new '
arrival made his presence known Just in
thetiick of time. Lariat Bill, astrfdtf an
crntty cream-colored cayuse, 'called out
to ktpw what was up, and as*he pressed
forward, not waiting for the dozens.' o-f
answe*B that came to his query, he cried:'
"Why, 'n' llghtnln', boys, that's
the gosjel cove that rode my bronco. He's
one of li. he Is. and the man that dars'
say he's a thief, answers to Lariat Bill.
Ye bar mi," and regardless of the kneel
ing posture of the preacher he rushed
forward ani Jerked the man to his. feet,
telling the itory In his own picturesque
way to the fcrowd. Then there was a
wild yelling aad Bhootlng of gune and the.
Rev. Minot "\Jait said afterward that the
way he was borne around on the ehoul
der* of that fraatlc, hooting stream of hu
manity totally «cllpsed the great furor
over him the day, at Harvard when he
made the great kick to goal that saved
the 'Varsity clever from defeat.
A NOTABLE CONVERSION
-
blighting storms of profmn* vttsnas*
which would rattle tha paper on th* walls
of the barrooms.
The town hall served as a achoolhous*
and a church and a dance hall. When
• service was held there, and sometimes
this was not oftener than once In three
months, the bar was concealed by a cur
tain and the preacher stood' on a little
platform In front of It.
The Rev. Mr. Wait held Beveral meet
ings in the little hall. The fourth night
Bill attended. He sat back by the big
cast-iron stove in the rear of the hall
and every few minutes, as the preacher's
words went out to his listeners, a stream
of tobacco Juice was ejected from between
Bill's lips and striking the red hot stove
sent up dense clouds of steam, accom
panied by a hissing as . of a hundred
snakes let loose.
Swlsh-sso-sss-sss, with unvarying mo
notony, of degree and kind, BUI kept up
his aqueous fusillade until suddenly he
was Jolted out of * his revery by these
words: ; VThere" are chairs In hell hotter
'than that stove, brother. Be warned fn
time that one of them ls'not. for- you."
"Every one looked around-, expecting to
hear' something hot from Bill, but Instead
of that, he * got up slowly and walked
forward four or" five rows of benches and
¦at down. Then, uneasyl-ike, he rose again
The parson was the hero of tha hour;
the only man In Wyoming who had ever
bestrode Bill's bronco an hour at a
stretch, and a tenderfoot to boot. The Big
Horn Sentinel, o%*er in Big Horn, less than
twenty-live miles distant, expressed a pro
found disbelief in the statement. This, of
course, was- accounted for by the petty
•Jealousy existing between the rival towns;,
but when Mr. Walt preached several times
In Sheridan, having In his congregation
every "resident of the place. Lariat Bill
rode with him over to Big Horn.
In front of the .little o.ne-story rough -
board building where the Sentinel was la
boriously printed on a slpw hand press,
Bill refned .In his. bronco .and the editor
came out. Bill remarked.. "Ther wuz a
piece in yer paper abeutthe parson's not
riding Bill's bronco. Did yer know that
Lariat Bill SED he rode it? Yer didn't?
Wall. I thought. so. Ye har me: The par-
Eoh rode the • bronco, and— ye know the
rest," and Bill's hand worked nervously
about his belt. Then he rode along, th«
parson following. The next day the Sen
tinel came out with Its regular weekly '
budget of news, and in prominent type on
the first page the editor mentioned the
circumstance of the parson's wonderful
performance and entirely repudiated the
statement that had appeared .the preced
ing week.
Leather Made of Fish Skins
That Proves Durable.
The United States Fish Commission r*- '
cently has been getting together a coCeo».
tlon of leathers made from tha aklss of
fishes and other aquatla animals. It Is:
not only of interest to tha cmtositjH
seeker, but Is Intended to have a very,
practical value, showing Incidentally;
what may be dona with the outer coats .
of many creatures whose hides ar* com
monly esteemed worthless. Already th«
worlds supply of leather derived froia;
land animals does not equal the demand. ;
so. that the utmost efforts are being raids.
to discover cr manufacture soxn* sort of j
available substitute, but hitherto nobody]
seems to have thought of utilizing tfc*
material afforded by creatures that Uv*
In the water.
Several kinds of fishea bar* gSsSam that!
make excellent leather for sonia inniinaas. !
For example, salmon hide serve* so well
'In this way that the Esquimaux of
Alaska make waterproof shirts and boots
out of It— in fact, even whole suits of
"clothes. They also cut Jackets out of,
codfish skins, which are very •*rrlceab]«
garments. Already frogskins art cooing.
Into use for the mounting of books vhtr« '¦
•an exceptionally delicate material for
fine bindings Is required.
Whaleskln would mak* aa adzsirsit*
leather for some purposes, and It ta %
shame to think of the countless thousands!
of hides of these cetaceans that h*v» b**a,
thrown away since the fishmc for tfcasai
began. Porpoise leather Is even now «sj-'
ployed for razor strops, being considered!
a very superior material. Seal leather,
dyed In a number of different colors, is'
Included In the, Flah Commission's eoi-j
lection.
Hair seals are still enormously ptanilfnl.
In the North Atlantic and other seas, andJ
It is not difficult to kill them, bo that they
afford a very promising source of leather
supply. Walrus leather has come Into ta*
market recently, but It will hardly amount
to much commercially. Inasmuch as th*>
animals are being rapidly exterminated.
Another kind of leather now coming Into •
the market Is that of the sea elephant. •
Up to within a few years ago a «pedes of'
sea elephant was found on the Padfia
Coast, ranging as far north as Lower'
California, but It has been entirely ex-1
terminated. A related species occurs la
Antarctic seas, chiefly on KergneJea Is-j
land, and it was driven likewise almost!
to tha point of extinction a dozen yaarsj
bade So few of them were left that It*
became unprofitable to go after them, aa&*
so they bad a chanc* to Increas* ayafa j^ |
numbers. --.¦.<•
THE SUNDAY CALL.
kind of living thing and wttfc fhr» baa
dred wives and a thousand conctftrtTnf
lived In the whale's belly for forty day*
and forty nights, with nothing to eat but
a parblle of loafers and fish ("being «vi
dently a confused recollection of tha para-
ble of the loaves and fishes). Then h«'
pictured the Savior descending ta»
the ark from Ararat and £•«&»*;
with his people across th« R«d S«a.:
building up pillars of flr» by night sol**:
could see the serpents In the wildernssa. i
and thus by startling peregrination* asj
to time and circumstance he gradually!
brought the Man of Sorrows to Qethss-^
mane.
And sometimes as he twisted along In.
his devious development cf the them* h*'
brought In the Rev. Mlnot Walt's expert
ence with the stolen bronco until bob*
of the denser mlnda of his congregation 1
grew to believe that the parson was tha
hero of the big book which BUI looked
at occasionally as he talked.
Thus this halt and blind one west on
and on, lending: hi.* fellows sturabllngly
along the obscure and ofttlmes almost en-
Urely obliterated trails across the wilder
ness of human reasoning, up zigzag 1 paths
or dizzying heights of exalted faith, to
reach ultimately perhaps the crystal gates
of that city "not built with hands."
reaching out tremblingly to part the cur
tain before the Holy of Holies and kneel
ing In humility and wonder before the un
speakable glories of light and harmony
emanating from the eternal fountain of
the divine.
When Bill had finished h!s sermon h»
drew aside the curtain that concealed ths
bar and to the wondering gaze of his
auditors there was exposed Bill's first
Lord's supper. And they all went forward'
on his Invitation and part c ok of sand
wiches and canned sardines and potted
.meats and all kinds of plain ar.d fancy
drinks, without money and without price. ,
BUI stood behind the bar. serving every
one who came and seeing that no ono
went hungry. After a time, looking to-;
ward the outer door. Bill saw "an Indian'
standing looking longingly at the feast
ers. ' •>• * ,
At first he reached for h!s gna. then;
he thought of what the parson had told!
him — that salvation' was free to all — and !
he motioned the redskin to draw near. .
rhls the Indian did hesitatingly. He was
White Horse, chief of the Montana
Crows. White Horse was undeniably
hungry, and as he came forward Bill
talked to him about religion and ths ¦
Lord's supper, acd gave him all h» could'
eat and all he could drink of probably th»
worst firewater that ever' passed down,
an Indian's, gullet. .• .- '
Nearly every one else was drtrr.Jt. ffcnaTl ;
wonder If White Horse get loaded, and 1
when he did he'emittfd a whoop that
raised the hair of his hearers. Then h»
staggered out of the dpor .muttering: ;
"White Horse, grer.i chief. Catch na (
lig*n. He go tepee, give llg'n to squaw."
Up at the tepee outside the town Me-;
wokwos was lying on the dirty blankets
which constituted the common bed..
White Horse, whooping elatedly now and'
¦ gain, approached irregularly, opened th»,
flnsp entrance of the tepee and staggered ,
In. He' pulled the. clothes off Me-;
wokwos and said: "White Horsa been
church; ketchum llg'n: give squaw plen
ty." And he lifted hjs arm and brought
down a big leather tug with terrible forca
on the half-naked form of his squaw.
When he had repeated thlsi several times:
the whisky entirely overcame him and ha
fell Into a drunken stupor. ?
One day in the great spring roond-np
Bill lariated a mad bull that was con-«
Usually fighting and stampeding th> herd. :
|As the lar'.at settled over the animal's
shoulders Bill Jumped from the saddle :
and left his bronco to bring th« trail In. •
While thus dismounted and seme distance
from his pony, something frightened tha:
ivast herd and suddenly the 20.0C0 eattla :
swerved in Bill's direction and. b«&rlnr;
down upon him, he was throw v and trara
ipled Into an unrecognizable, isaas of hu
man flesh. . •
Though thus rudely torn fr«a Ms efeos
en field of labor, the effect of Bill's min
istry, simple at times, at others luridly*
picturesque, was lasting. For many year*'
thereafter when occasional missionaries
would stop at the Custer agency to worJc
among the Crows the bucks would gather •
around them In delight: then when they'
learned that the services were unaeeoxn-:
panied by rations or firewater, they!
would turn away In disgust. And tha{
squaws, mindful of the painful effects of i
applied Christianity as Interpreted byi
Mewokwos. Incited the little redskin* to
make the missionaries the targets of Glair
arrows, until the Christian workers war*,
compelled to call on the governmanV
troops at Fort Custer for protection.
, In the ru<3e inclosure which, answers far '
a cemetery at Big .Horn lies all that wu
mortal of Lariat Bill. The llttla lama
shoemaker who studied over the Blbla .
with Bill erected. a. head board over th«
grave, and with a hand guided by lore h»
painted thereon In rude letters. "This sine-
board is stuck on Lariat Bill. T>. D. S.;
He died strongly attached to a wild bull,
beluved by all wot -knowed 'Ira. IS yer :
children ar sufferin* ferbld them not, fer ¦
uv'slch is the kinsdum."
Although there have been many mor*
Illustrious teachers possessed of a greater
degree of refinement. Lariat Bill taught
according to the light that was In him.
and when the Recording Angel shall draw
oft the abstracts of title to the measure
less acreage of heaven, surely that of ;
Lariat Bill will be found without a flaw.
BY HOWARD. R. HURLBURT
as ever Interrupted a meeting. He slowly
took off his hat and mopped his brow
with his sleeve and, looking over the half
filled hall, he began slowly: '/Boys, I>m
fer the parson fust, an' after him I'm
fer Christ. I ain't none of yer lltery
cusses like the parson har, to twist things
'round so's they 'Bound like somethin'
else, but if anybody knows the parson's
dead game, it's Lariat Bill. Did he go
whlnin' 'round when Bill told him to jump
the bronco? Naw. Ncr .crawfish when
the fellers had the lar'it over the tree?
Naw. An he ain't cr^wflahln' now, he
ain't; an' yer Just've got to cum to Jesus
If he ses 50. .. That's whar Lariat Bill
stands." And he pulled out his two big
six-shooters and laid them on either side
of the open Bible In front of the aston
ished preacher.
"What dl; ever know 'bout 76115*0 er
any of them tangles he calls souls? Not
a . _ thing. Nobody ever, told me
ther wus any God that'd brand every
maverick that didn't stan' up fer his boy,
'¦n* how wus I ter know that anybody wus
chasln' 'round to On' me when I never
knowed I wiis Jost? Who dyer s'pose told
me that? W'y,, the parson." ->
5
These who knew Bill best" about the
Big Horn soon began to Bee a change In
his actions. He seemed far more quiet
than was his wont, and only now and then
would he break loos* In on* of thoia
and wanted near uy to wnere the par
son stood. His slouched hat covering his
heavy brows and with his belt bristling
with cartridges and a brace of Colt's re
volvers, ha vu &> plctureiqua a brigand
rHe fleait tn.e cares. he did. an* ses as
how he'd give me a king whatwud take
all the tricks. 'N* who ever heard of one
king: that'd beat a straight flush er a full
hand, and ha didn't want any ante or any
chips fer the kitty. Ho Just wanted yer
to etraddle his blind and trust ter luck.
i'N* I never knowed any of the big fellers
like No and Sollum an' Moses. Ty thar
wus Moaes— he was a cowboy. Didn't the
gambler's kid . flnd him whar the bull
¦rushes and didn't all the coves they writeJustine lngersoll, with pictures Grawn
from life. W. S. Harwood writes of "Tho
Success of the Government Telegraph In
England, 1 ' and Charles Barnard of "Tho
Industrial Revolution of the Power-Tool."
Fiction In the form of short stories bears
the familiar names of Cornelia Atwood
Pratt, Abbie Carter Goodloe and Ellis
Parker Butler. The frontispiece Is T.
Cole's engraving of Constable's "The
Thames."
Winter lingers In the lap of spring In
the April, St. Nicholas In the form of a
paper on "Snowplows." by George E.
Watesh, who describes the process of
"bucking" a snowdrift on a railroad ir
Dakota In the days -.before the rotar/
Bteam snowplow was invented. Tho de
scription Is Illustrated from photographs.
"A Boy of Galatla" is the winner of an
old Olympian race, and the event l«clf
is described with animation by" Sa-nuel
Scovllle Jr., who has witnessed m?ny a
contest of a similar kind, albeit m soil
less world renowned. Tudor Jer*s. In
"Papa Dragon's Tale." makes r>s hero
sigh for the good old times when men did
not have to be picked out of me &1 shells
before being eaten, as the gullar.t knights
of a later generation did. "ai» Through
Gravitation." by Mary V. Wor»tell. Is the
story of a little girl whose ' arm was
broken by the force of gradation that
caused another little girl to trip and fall,
but who found compensation In the same
force, which caused/a fall of meteorites,
some of which she found and sold for
enough money to pay fora handsome bi
cycle. Elbridge S. Brooks. In "The Fight
for a Language," trcatJ In his familiar
XTrmy, D.T*- Eaton & Mains, Ban ITran-.
Cisco and Ne w York. $1 23.
"The criminal— His Personnel ar.d En
virenmett." by August Drahms. Tfc«
Macmi!\*n Company, New York. $2.
"Mlr-y-^nn." by Norma Lorimer. D.
Applr-an & Co., New York. $L
"Haven's Modern Journalism and Gen
eral Literature," by Curtis Haven. Pub
lished by the author, Philadelphia, Pa.
••fhe Seekers." by Stanley Waterloo.
ll.Ttert S. Stone & Co.. Chicago and New
yorlc. Jl 23.
"Two Gentlemen In Tburaine." by Rich
ard Sudbury. Herbert S. dton© & Ct>.,
Chicago and New York. $3 50.
"A Maker of Nations." by Guy Boothby.
D. Appleton & Co., New York. JL '
"Enoch Wllloughby." by James A.
Wickersham. Chatles Scribner's Sons,
New York. Jl 50. * .' '
"Was Savonarola Really Excommuni
cated?" by J. L. O'Nell, O. P. MaxUer,
Callanan & Co.» Boston.
"Guide to Mexico," by Chrlstobal
Hidalgo. Th«» Whltaker & Ray Co.. Ban
Francisco. Jl.
"Love's Dream." by Mrs. Eben F.
Champney. J. S. Q Ogllvie & Co., New
York. 23 cents.
"The Absent-minded Beggar," by Rud
yard Kipling. Brentano's, New York. 23
cents.
"An Aid In the Studying and Teaching
of 'Lady of the Lake.' 'Evangelln©' and
•Merchant of Venice.' " , Published by
The Whitaker n & Ray Co., San Francisco.
25 cents. .
"A Golden Autumn." by Mrs. Alexan
der. J. B. Llpplncott Company, Phila
delphia. E0 cents.
Wmnitox understand the rules and tech
nicalities governing a competition.
"How to Prepare for a Civil Service Ex
amination—with Recent Questions and
Answers," is a work upon this subject
that will prove of Invaluable aid to those
who Intend to make an attempt in thla
direction. It is written so plainly and
concisely and the. different point 3 are pre
sented so systematically that any person
reading it should. If at all qualified, be
able -to pass successfully. It supplies
everything necessary except actual brain
power.
The.book gives first a minute discussion
of all branches of the service, with the
necessary qualifications, probable cash
returns, chances of promotion, specimen
examination papers, and the fullest de
tails regarding proper forms of applica
tions for entry as .a candidate- for any
particular department.
There is an interesting table presented
showing the number examined during the
past three years in the different depart
ments, those who have succeeded and
those who have failed, together with the
salaries at which the successful one were
appointed. The United States civil ser
vice law Is also given, and In addition
some 200 pages are devoted to a "Ten
Weeks' Course of Study," with typical
questions and answers, themselves
have been presented to civil service candi
dates. The book includes a helpful Index.
(Hinds & Noble, New York. $2.)
A Story by Helen Mather.
"The Lovely Mallncourt" Is the name of
an exquisite creature who goes to London
to pay her aunt an unexpected and unso
licited visit. She has many scalps dang
ling at her waist and is thought to be In
vulnerable, but after a three weeks' visit
ehe has to steal away from her aunt's* as
she discovers ishe has given -her'heart to
her 'Btepcousln, Ronny,.who, unfortunate
ly, is loved by another beautiful creature
Lesley IMallncourt nobly gives up her
chances to the girl .whose heart Is break-
Ing for this much. sought after hero and
returns home, where her faithful swains
hover around, finding her sadly changed,
however.
She hears that Ronny has fought a duel
In. her behalf 'and Is wounded,' but her
promise to the lovely Cynthia, who loves
him, forbids her going to him, though her
heart Is almost broken. "He recovers and
Is about to marry Cynthia, after, having
learned through' a mistake that Lesley Is
engaged. This news almost prostiates
her and she is quite disconsolate, when i
summons reaches her that her aunt is dy
ing. On her arrival there she meets Ronl
ny, .who Immediately takes her In his
arms, despite the presence of the lovelorn
Brother Officers.
R. H. Russell of New York has Issued at
25 ' cents per copy a pictorial souvenir- of
the Empire Theater stock company In
their comedy, "Brother Officers." Tho
edition contains twenty-ono half-tone re
productions of Mr. ' Faversham and Miss
Margaret Anglin and the members of the
company in different scenes from the play,
some of which are shown on this page.
Mr. Russell ls ; to be complimented upon
the excellent finish of his work.
"Kipling Note Book."
A. Wesscls Company has Just Issued the
twelfth number of a "Kipling Note Book,"
which completes the volume of this unique
little periodical. In the twelve numbers
will be found a collection of Kipling's
fugitive pieces which are not to bo found
elsewhere, together with many personal
and biographical anecdotes not generally
known; also a bibliography having special
reference to the earlier and rarer Indian
and English editions. (A. Wessels Com
pany, New York. $1 50.)
Home Reading for the Children.
"Stories Fiom the Arabian Nights," se
lected by Adam Singleton, and appearing
as one of the series of Appleton's "Home
Reading Books," will prove popular with
the young people. It contains four rep
resentative tales, Bomewhat abridged,
from the -book, of the "Thotisand Nights
and a Night." together with copious foot
notes of an explanatory nature calculated
to make the reading Instructive as well as
Interesting. A valuable Introduction Is
given on. the history of the Arabs and
their way of life; also something about
Sir Richard Burton, the translator of the
"Arabian Nights", from Its original lan
guage, and how the "Tales of the- Thou
sand and One Nights'" came to be told.
Tho book Is' clearly printed upon good pa
per and Is filled with excellent photo
gravures. (D. Ajipleton & Co., New York.
C 5 cents.)
History of Spanish-American War.
It Is only recently that the completion of
the' official reports and- the collection of
adequate testimony from the Spaniards,
as well as the Americans, .has made It
possible to prepare an authoritative his
tory of the Spanish-American war. Rich
ard H. Tltherlngton has compiled a his
tory of the war of 1898 which shows a
careful study of a vast amount of first
hand evidence in addition to the official
reports. It Is written In a- dispassionate
spirit and presents an unprejudiced view
of various . matters which have been In
controversy.
The author first gives a brief Bketch of
Cuba and the island's relations to the
Tory at Santiago are eplrlted and effect
ive, without verbosity, v -¦:¦-.
The book Is filled with citations of au
thority, of which the reader may avail
himeelf if he desires to go deeper Into the
subject or wishes to inform himself more
at length- upon the details of some par
ticular event. (D. Appleton & Co., New
York., $150.)
"Terence."
Bertha M. Croker has brought out an
other novel, not as good as "Pretty Miss
Neville," but very readable. She has for
saken her favorite playground, India, for
the moment and lays her scene In Ire
land, where she paints a pretty picture-,
full of color, with Terence and Maureen
the two Interesting characters well
brought out.
The family of Terence have become
ruined, and in order to satisfy the ex
travagant notions of a selfish old grand
mother he gets a place as driver of a
coach. i
Maureen and her party go on a fishing
expedition to -the scene of his labors and
Instantly Maureen recognizes that he Is a
gentleman, and It Isn't long before she
has lost her heart. J .
There are many excitements In which
Terence Is the hero, and ultimately ho Is
rewarded by her love. The book ends
with the restoration of his estates and his
return to society. (F # M. Buckles & Co.,
New York. $1 25.)
Overheard by the Bookworm.
Among the features of Scribner's Mag
azino for April the animal story by Ernest
Seton-Thompson, illustrated by him. Will
attract the large audience which has been
fascinated by "Wild Animals I Have
Known." In this story Is given the life
and adventures of a curious little animal
of the southwest, known as the kangaroo
rat. Henry Van Dyke has another out
door story /the scene of which Is laid in a
lighthouse on the St. Lawrence. The title
Is "The Light That Failed Not." H. J.
Whigham, who is fallowing the, Modder
River column, contributes to this number
an account of the British defeat at Ma
gersfontein. This brings the narrative up
to the time when General Lord Roberts
took command ,of the column. Mr. Whig
ham has had good fortune with his photo
graphs taken on the field of battle, a num
ber of which appear In this article. The
tide of travelers which" has already turned
toward Paris will find much to Interest
them in Miss Tarbell's article on "Tho
Charm of Paris," which conveys with sin
gular success the characteristics of .Paris,
which make those who know It woll love
It. The illustrations are by a number of
the best known French artists. Governor
Roosevelt continues hl3 monograph on
ne'r, ene* Dies him fte silent, as she say,,
" 'Tls my pleasure, my lord." • (D. Apple
ton & Co., New York. Cloth, $1; paper, 50
cents.)
History of the People of the
United States.
In his fifth volume Professor John Bach
McMaster deals with a period of our his
tory between 1821 and 1830. -which In many
of its phases has received but scant at
tention. The close of Mor.rce's term, the
administration of John Qulncy Adams
and the stormy opening years of Jackson.
form an epoch of peculiar interest in view
of the development of the democratic
spirit, the manifestations of a new Inter
est In social problems, the experiments in
banking and finance, the improvements
in the conditions of city life, the chang
ing relations between the East and West,
and the author's full and striking presen
tation of the literary activity of the coun
try at that time.
Professor Mcllaster's volume opens
v.-ith a chapter on the "Karly Settlement
of Texas" by Austin and his imitators,
and on th."> origin and first temporary set
tlement of the Oregon dispute by the es
tablishment cf the line 54 degrees 40 min
utes. It was in connection with this line
that Adams announced to Russia the anti
colonization part of the Monroe doctrine.
The second chapter, therefore, under the
caption "Growth of the Monroe Doc
trine," reviews the gradual development
and assertions of the three principles of
that doctrine from Washington's day to
1525; the Holy Allies and their work In
Europe, their preparation for Interference
with the late Spanish-American colonies,
and the filial assertion of the doctrine of
Monroe. After thus reviewing the im
portant foreign relations of Monroe's sec
ond term, Mr. McMaster returns to do
mestic concerns, and in" the next chapter
treats of "The Breaking L'p of the Re
publican Party." The economic, industrial
and political conditions which led to sec
tionalism, ihe rise of the rival condidates,
and the long Presidential campaign, end
ing- in the failure of the colleges to elect,
are given with great fullness.
The election of Adams marked the end
of the first half-century of the republic.
The next 'eight chapters are, therefore,
riven' up io an examination or review of
certain social, political, literary and In
dustrial conditions which arose during the
period and paved the way for the triumph
of Jackson and Democracy.*; ¦>•'*-¦
In the chapter on "Socialistic and Labor
Reforms' we have the story of the en
trance of the workingman Into politics;
of tliat curious socialistic movement of
Owen and Fanny Wright: the beginning
of the Anti-Masonic party and the early
signs cf Native Ameril-anism. •
The next chapter is a full account of
the state of the country from IS2j to 1320;
the rapid growth of cities; early problems
In city government; the introduction of
gas and anthracite coal; the opening of
the Erie canal, and the tremendous strug-
Kue for Western trade, etc. Following
this is a chapter on "The Negro Prob
lem," and the next chapter, under tho
title "The Industrial Revolution," is an
account of the rise and development of
manufactures; of the conditions which led
to the tariffs of 1524 and 1S28; their pecu
liar characters; the violent opposition of
the South, and assertions of the State
rights doctrine of Calhoun and his party.
This is followed by an account of our
early literary efforts, which Is singularly
fresh, informing and interesting. There
is a chapter on "The Common Schools
During the First Half Century," and an
other, quite timely now. on" "British Criti
cism of the United States," setting forth
very fully why our fathers hated Great
Britain so heartily. Then follows an elab
orate review of political Ideas; a chapter
on, foreign complications; the Panama
Congress; the prevention of the Indepen
dence of Cuba by the United States In the
interest of the slave-holding States; the
Maine boundary dispute with ; Great Brit
ain; the Oregon agreement of 1527; and
finally a chapter on "The Triumph "of
Democracy." detailing "the famous strug
gle ending In the election of Jackson, the
removals from office, the attempt to buy
Texas, and the rise of questions concern
ing the Indian, the surplus, the public
lands and the right of nullification^ Many
phases of our history treated In this vol
ume are now adequately presented for the
first time, and several of them are of pe
culiar and timely Interest. (D. Appleton
& Co., New York; $2 50.)
To Prepare for Civil Service Ex
aminations.
To enter the employ of the Government
has been the earnest desire of many a
young Californian. Countless numbers
have tried the examinations — some have
succeeded, many have failed. Uncle Sam
has always been considered the best of
employers. He pays regularly, gives fair
compensation, offers steady positions and
requires service not too severe and hours
not too long. The great difficulty lies In
obtaining civil 'service appointment, not
in holding the office after having one©
been duly installed.
6aa Francisco and vicinity, with its
AND- RINER- SIFTINQS FROM- THE
'¦'¦ LITERARY : FLOUR=BIN.
"Oliver Cromwell," with an account of
the Irish and Scotch wars. Mrs. Whar
ton'a ehort rovel, "The Touchstone." Is
concluded. W. C. Brownell. the eminent
art critic, gives a brief estimate of John
Ruskin as a writer and critic of art, and
Russell Sturgis touches on the same sub
ject In the Field of Art-
Professor W. M. Flinders Petrle. the
distinguished Egyptologist, contributes
the leading article to the April number
of Appleton's Popular Science Monthly.
His eubpject Is "Recent Years of Egyp
tian Exploration." "The Gold Sands of
Cape Nome" is the title of an Illustrated
article from the pen of Professor Angelo
Hellprln, the well-known geographer and
author of an important work on Alaska
and the Klondike. Professor John Trow
brldge of Harvard has an Illustrated ar
ticle giving an account of "Recent Work
With the X Rays." whose remarkable
qualities were not. It seems, by any means
exhausted during the popular flurry Im
mediately following their discovery, rro
fessor F. W. Clarke, whose work nas
played an' Important part In the Tec^ z
advancement of atomic chemistry. Is tne
author of an able article giving a history
of the chemical advance of the nineteenth
century. An Interesting and Instructive
article by D, Cady Eaton gives a brief
outline of "The Science of Art Form. A
number of diagrams help very much in
bringing out the author's points. "Steam
Turbines and High Speed Vessels Is the
title of an article by Hon. Charles A-
Parsons. the designer of the steam yacht
Turblnia, which last year ran at the rate
of nearly forty miles an hour. A descrip
tion of the engine and a number of illus
trations give one a very good Idea of Its
construction and operation. The conclud
ing chapter of Professor Evans' papers on
"Modern Survival of Medieval Credulity
Is published In this number. Professor B.
D. Halsted Is the author of an article en
titled "Genuine Starch Factories," which
tells in a popular way the story of plant
growth. A number of good drawings ac
company the text. "Trade Corporations
in China" 13 the title of an Interesting
paper by Maurice Courant, which closes
the body articles. Titles, in the "Editor's
Table" are "Science and. Dogma" and A
More Excellent Way." ";.
The April Century Is rich In pictorial Il
lustration, its special art features Includ
ing a frontispiece engraved by Cole, a
full-page .painting of Dr. H. O. Tannery
painting. "The Annunciation": Castalgne's
Paris pictures and Dv Mond's decorative
treatment of "The Groves of Pan.", a
poem by Clarence Urmy. From the
"Talks With Napoleon." In this number,
it appears that the Empercr was so fully
resolved to make his home In America, *n
the event of defeat at Waterloo, that he
had bills. drawn upon this country for
whatever sums he chose to take. "Fash
ionable Paris" Is brought vividly before
the reader by Richard Whltelng's pen and
Castalgne's pencil. M. Worth's explana
tion of how fashions were started, under
the Second Empire, Is one of the titbits
of this paper. Lovers of travel and ad
venture will turn to Miss Scidmore's ac
count of "The Greatest Wonder In : ;the
Chinese World," the bore of Hang-Chaii,
a tidal wave that sweeps up the Tsien
tang River thrice every year; to R. Tal
bot Kelly's "Out-of-the-Way Places In
Egypt." with illustrations by the author;
and to the first Installment of Benjamin
Wood's true tale of "The Hardships of a
Reptiler" engaged in turtle-hunting, for
profit,- on the Caribbean coast of Central
America. The same class of readers will
be drawn to "The Kentuckian." a timely
study of a type, by John Gilmer Speed,
a native of Kentucky, and in. some re
spects a typical representative of the Blue
Grass State. Lovera of letters, on the
other hand, will find their account In
"Browning In Asolo," by Katherlne C.
Bronson, an American friend of the poet,
the loggia of whose summer home was
perhaps the one spot In Italy that most
attracted him. .Of kindred interest l.s an
unpublished letter of Tennyson's to an old
bricklayer In a Western State, who had
known the Laureate In his childhood. Mr.
Morley treats chiefly, this month, of the
crisis of 1647. and Cromwell's attitude
therein. In Dr. Weir Mitchell's "Dr.
North and His Friends." the heroine Is
introduced— a beautiful young woman
with a beautiful voice but a slightly de
formed body. "The Dulce-Pljl Family" ls^
a sympathetic study of marmosets, by
RECENT TALES FROM THE
PENS OF STORY-TELLERS
THE SUNDAY OAXIi.
Mint. Custom-house, . Postofflce, navy
yard, life-saving service, lighthouse serv
ice, marine hospital service, and, in fact,
nearly every branch under ; the United
States civil service law, offers a particu
larly attractive field for ;the civil service
aspirant. Frequent notices are -posted of
examinations to.be held, for determining
the eligibility of competitors for' positions
ln : the different departments. -Of course,
the mere fact of passing a successful ex
amination does not insure a place on
Uncle Sam's payroll. It means that the
candidate Is placed upon the list . of
eligiblcs for one year— after which time
he must take another examination to
again have an opportunity for appoint
ment. It means that If a vacancy should
occur In the class for which he stood trial
his name will have a chance according to
the percentage to his credit. On the other
hand, while a successful examination does
not necessarily mean appointment, a fail
ure to pass certainly means no appoint
mciit. Many a young person has failed
in these examinations simply for the
reason that he did not know upon what
particular studies he should devote his
Cynthia. The latter then returns the lover
to Lesley, realizing' he will never cease to
love her, and so It ends.
Lesley's heroic sacrifice In giving up the
man she loves when ehe learns another
has loved him longer is made ridiculous
by her hasty acceptance of him a few
pages later on. The book affords an after
noon's reading perhaps — not much more.
(Charles H. Sergei Company, Chicago.
$1 25.) •
The Overland Monthly.
The bound Overland Monthly Is a vol
ume that should receive a welcome In the
library of every Californlan. Volume
XXXIV, containing the numbers from
July to December, 1599. la now ready for
circulation. In addition to its short
stories; poems and critical articles of a
general nature. It contains many papers
upon local subjects or' matters directly
pertaining to the interests of the people
of this coast. Its half-tone work is most
creditable and adds materially, to. the life
and value of the text. Overland Monthly
Publishing Company. Sarn-'Frunclaco.
United States: then a brief account of th«
events leading up to the war; an Inter
esting chapter upon the resources of the
combatants, followed by a full account
from the beginning of actual hostilities
to the conclusion of peace. The work Is
necessarily concise, and no space is
wasted in descriptive "fine writing" or ex
tended critical disquisitions. As an au
thoritative work for reference It will be
found of exceptional merit, and Its value
Is materially enhanced by many excellent
sketch maps and a very thorough Index.
Although nothing of moment Is neglected,
every event is compressed into the small
est number of words consistent with Its
importance. Matters that have been the
subject of serious contention and citation
of authorities for the fixing of credit and
responsibility are dealt with more fully,
as. for instance, the discovery and de
struction of Cervera's fleet, the inade
quacy of our commissary department as
shown at Santiago, the evil conditions of
cur hospital transports, and our relations
to the Philippine Insurgents. The narra
tives of the gallant fights at Caney and
San Juan and "the magnificent naval vlc-
Is a Queen, but a broken woman— one who
hag been made a scapegoat rather than a
scheming sinner. •¦
Flamsteed plays an Important part la
Mary's removal to Coventry, In her at
tempted escapes— which he. frustrates—
and finally In the arrival at her prison.
He then returns to Windsor", arriving on
the approach of a procession, in which he
recognizes the Queen on her way to St.
George's Chapel. Seeing Flamsteed ¦ ahe
dispatches a man to tell him to come to
her as she leaves the chapeL He re
luctantly obeys, for his mud-bespattered
clothes but hide a body even worse from
wounds and fatigue.
H« cheers Elizabeth by his good news—
the Imprisonment of the Queen of Scots
and the quelling of the rebellious, factions
In the south— and she returns to the
chapel to give thanks.
The romance closes with the happy
ending of a pretty love story which runs
through it. :;*v>
Irene Repyngdon. whom Flamsteed
leaves at the beginning of their court
ship to execute the Queen's orders, lost
her parents when but a babe In a most
tragic manner, and was brought up In
Flamsteed's home. His enemies kidnap
her, and ehe is incarcerated with him,
under threat of torture, that her fears
may make him give up the letter; but
they escape, and he is finally rewarded
for all of his bravery by Queen Elizabeth,
who sends for Irene on Flamsteed's re
turn to court, an<l surprises him In a
pretty scene by giving him the girl he haa
loved since childhood; She also returns
to them the estates Irene's father gam
bled away just before her birth and cre
ates him Lord of Rcpyngdon. When he
would Uneei to kiss her hand and thank
By B. G. Liathrop
MOW very fortunate It is that the
literary folk were not all created
with similar talents— what dry
reading they would make for their
less rifted brethren. The well-balanced
mind requires relaxation. It cannot keep
up the constant strain of ever following
deep thoughts and learned sayings, no
matter how interesting-the subject. "Wit
ness the popularity of vaudeville upon the
Btag-es of American theaters. The busi
ness man, after his day of tolling and
fcbemlng. finds rest in a good laugh at the
silliest kind of horse play and pleasure
In watching a performance that requires
no concentration of thought to follow, but
carries him along without mental exer
tion. It Is rlmply the matter of variety
and the old Baying of "all work," "Jack"
end "the dull boy."
So with tho reading publlo. It enjoys
the heavy novel, with Its wealth of his
torical fact and Involved plot; It appre
ciates the poem from the pen of the mas
ter; but it must also have by way of in
nocent pleasure its fiction in pure narra
tive — a 6lrnple Ftory 50 ... absorbing that
the book is not laid aside until finished.
Anthony Hop« stands forth pre-eminent
ly In this etyle of literature. He always
has a jrood etory to tell and he has a
knack in the telling that keeps the mid
right oil In pood demand. The charm of
Hope is In his dialogue— it Is to sparkling,
fo natural. And then his tales are always
fo plausibly Improbable that they attract
by their very extravagance. He can get
his characters Into the worst dtlemmas
and bring them out again by the most un
expected turns of the pen In a way quite
uiacuians.
Anthony Hope's latest romance is a long
novelette or short novel reciting the most
e-stounding; adventures of one "Captain
Dieppe." This little book Is one of those
rnldr.lsht oil-burners aforementioned.
Begin lr not until you have time- to finish
It. for finish It you will when once be
jrun. It it-counts the adventures of Cap
tain Dieppe, a French soldier of fortune,
who has jnst lost M.ooo francs through a
frustrated riot and has barely escaped
•serious trouble with the secret service.
The opening chapter finds the gallant cap
tain obliged, through the inclemency of
the veather. to stay his fugitive flight and
ta"..e refuge in the house of a stranger,"
tho castle of the Count of Fieramondl."
The Count himself Is In rather a peculiar
position. He arid his wife, having agreed
to £isagree. are living: in separate parts of
the oajrJe with a high partition erected to
out the quarters and grounds of each en
tirely apart. The captain is greeted most
Trarrr.ly by his lonely host, who takes a
fancy to him at first sl*ht, and is duly in
stalled in the Count's own apartments on
the border line of the hostile- territory—
the husband having changed his room
through a fancied.insult received from the
enemy. A- door connects this room with
a hall leading to the hostile quarter and,
of course, upon the very first night. the
captain, through curiosity and a yellow
cat, must open thl? portal for a peep'
within. At the end of the hall he catches
* glimpse of a startled and beautiful
•woman, who slams a door and disappear
ed, while Dieppe, in turn, beats a preci
pitate retreat. From this the author
works out a wondrous tale of gambling
propensities on the part of i ie Countess
es the cause of the family rupture and a
Fharper on her track to recover money
loaned her upon a recent trip to Monte
Carlo; of a secret service agent, who ap
pears on the scene to get valuable papers
In the possession of the captain, and of
plots and counter plots which arise from a
general misunderstanding all around.
What with good nchts. clever love-making
scenes and a certain element of attractive
mystery, the reader's Interest in kept at
the highest pitch throughout.
This is the first of a series of novelettes
•which the Doub!eday-McClure Company
have In contemplation. They Intend to
publish in this series stories which are
generally considered too short to make a
book of by themselves and are therefore
usually made to form the attraction in
c. book of short stories. The publishers
also announce a new system, devised by
themselves, for the accommodation of out
of-town book buyers by which these
volumes will be sent to any address' on
approval, to be paid for if satisfactory,
or to be returned to them in case it is not
¦wanted after examination. (""Captain
Dieppe," \>y Anthony Hope. Doubleday
& McClure Company. New York. 53 cents.)
"How Women May Earn a Living."
iiow \\ omen .siay .'^arn a uviny in
the tHle of a new book by Helen Churchill
Candee. It is intended for the woman who
cither through choice or force of circum
stances Is obliged to earn her own livins
¦posslbly the living for several dependent
cr.es as well. In a brief introduction 'for
all workers" the author discusses in a
jrenera! way the Importance of deciding
upon the calling for which one is b^s-t
fitted, the necessity of giving up to a great
extent the social functions of life, -the
close attention that must be paid to p-.inc
tuallty and responsibility and a mention
of the difficulties in the path of the feml
rine worker.
Then follows a specific discussion on the
many vocations open for women. Nearly
everything in the range of possibility I.?
taken x:p, from "The Ideal Boarding
house" to the "Learned Professions," arid
under each head is given the nature of
the work, the fitness required for success
end the remunerations. The reader who
has already maae up her mind regarding
c. choice of employment will find u:iJ» r
that head many words of value; but to
those who are undecided what to tak^ up
for a livelihood the book will present the
difficulties offered by a medical work de
voted to a rehearsal of the symptoms of
various diseases. A man thinks there is
eomethlng the matter with him. and rath
er than call in a doctor consults his
"Home Book of Symptoms." or some sucli
Trork. By the time he has read a few
pages he will come to the conclusion that
he has every disease mentioned In th«
took, for he will certainly find he has nil
the Bymrrtoms. So It Is with the book un
der discussion: the fair reader who v.ants
to work but Is !n doubt as to which par
ticular line offers the best returns and
which woulfl be most congenial will flni
herself loßt In this sea of "work tyrnp
toma." rTh« Macmillan Company, New
lork. Jl.) 888
A Historical Novel
"The Ger.t!ernan -Pensioner," by Albert
I*ee. Is like his earlier novel, "A Romance
cf Old Antwerp." historical, and <leals
with a most Interesting period— the Eliza
bethan reign. Fairfax Flamsteed, the
hero, has a mission to perform for tho
Queen, and although this alone Is the ac
tion around which the 6tory centers, it Is
co replete ¦with thrilling adventures, and
the love Etory running through it Is so
charming, that It Is not lacking In Intense
Interest. Flarr.Eteed Is more than a type;
he Is an individual whose determination
one to admires that his undertakings f<re
closely followed — the reader is !n eympa
thy •Rith him throughout. At this tlmt of
the sixteenth century the plots of the par
tisans of Mar)' Stuart against Ellzaoeth
furnish plenty, of incidents for a thrilling
tale, and one'-s attention is held till the
Very last pape. H3B
Fairfax Flamsteed Is a young courtier,
cne of Elizabeth's bodyguard, and is sent
to Lord Hunsdon with a most Important
letter. , At the outset he Is !n danger cf
having the missive taken from him. and
has it hidden In a most ingenious way In
his coat of = mall. All sorts of machina
tion* are employed against him, some of
*uch perilous nature that It seems Impos
sible for Flamsteed to outwit the spies and
traitors. But he does so, and arrives be
fore Lord Hunsdon. to whom he delivers
tho letter. But this does not close tho
•scene, fey he must still play a part in the
incarceration of the unhappy Mary. She
had come to England to implore the pro
tection of her cousin Elizabeth from her
rebellious lords. Advised to throw herself
without reserve upon the generosity of her
royal cousin, Ehe flnda herself a prisoner.
There is a strong scene where Mary pleads
*vlth the Earl of Shrewsbury, In which
'he goes on her knees to him. begging for
life and liberty in her very despair. She
l^Vlorcs him to save her, not because sin
manner of the early' struggl* for English
supremacy along the coast of Maine. "Are
You Going to the Parli Exposition?" asks
Margaret" E. Caldwell.-and assuming, that
you are and that you are a young girl, she
tells you how to prepare for the trip by
reading, and how to enjoy it when you get
to Paris. Mrs. Edmund Gosse contributes
a short story and there are verses and
pictures Innumerable.
Everybody's Magazine for April con
tains many Interesting features. Th* sec
ond article In the series, "Great American
Industries," treats of the enormous steel
works of the Carnegie Company near
Plttsburg, Pa., and explains in what man
ner this company will make thi3 year
profits exceeding $40,000,000. The fourth In
the series of "Simple Explanations" takr>s
up a fascinating subject and one which
has undoubtedly been a mystery to nine
tenths of the magazine readers; that Is,
the method of navigating a ship by ob
servation of the sun and stars. For a
difficult mathematical subject this method
Is explained In a singularly lucid fashion,
and appears to be very simple after all.
A very strong article is that on "Our
Coast Defenses." which describe* tha
manufacture, emplacement and use of the
hug« disappearing guns, the mortar bat
teries and coast defenses in general which
are now being pushed to completion on
both the Atlantic and Pacific seaboards.
The illustrations for this are new and In
teresting.
Th» most striking feature of the April
East and West is a poem lome four
pages lore, by Madison Cawein. entitled
•The End of the Century." It id. perhaps,
the most distinguished single bl: of work
this poet has vet given the world. Hia
symbolical characterization of the Pres
ent, coming after a rapid succession of
the ghost-trains or the Past, Is remarka
ble for Its vividness and the appropriate
ness of lta suggestion. The lines:
Tet I knew her i barbarian
By the sword upc^ her hip.
emphasize the strange perversity of fat*
that has compelled our great century of
peace and progress to pass out In the
primal flare of war and wnld the world
old clang of arms. The poem should cer
tainly attract attention.
In Cram's Magazine for March Editor
Israel Smith Clare continues his graphlo
history of the British-Boer war (illus
trated), a subject greatly llluir.lr.ate<l by
an excellent double-page panoramic map
of South Africa. These maps, uy to date
and of the well-known accuracy of ail
such work from Mr. Cram, are & moat
praiseworthy feature of this magazine.
An article on the Cape Nome (Alaska)
gold fields, also with a map. and one the
"Trans-Idthmlan Canals and Amer'.can
Commerce," with others from the same
pen. add much to the value of thl* nuaa
ber of this popular magazine.
In the Saturday Evening Post of April
7 will appear the first of a series of pa
pers on "Memories of Dwlght L Moody."
written by his son. W. R. Moody. Mr.
Moody has in his possession all of his
father's papers and is preparing a very
complete life of the great preacher, whoaa
wish it was that his biography should b«
written by his son.
A book which should be of lonw timely
Interest Is W. E. Simmons' volumo on
"The Nicaragua Canal." which the Har
pers announce for immediate publication.
The book contains not only a detailed
history of the canal from Its Inception to
the present day, but an uncommonly In
teresting: account of the country, Its peo
ple, customs, laws, etc.
In view of the recent Hay-Pauncefot»
negotiations such a work should find a
considerable market at present.
Books Received.
"The Theory and Practice of Taxation."
by David Ames Wells. D. Appleton & Co.,
New York. $2.
"A History of the People of the- United
States," by John Bach McMaster; volume
V, IS2I-IS3O. D. Appleton & Co.. New
York. %1 50.
"The Soul of Man." by Dr. Paul Cams.
The Open Court Publishing Company,
Chicago. 75 cents.
"Percy, or the Four Inseparables." by
M. Lee. The Whitaker & Ray Co., San
Francisco, Jl.
"Christ Came Again." by "William 3.
6Shipbuilding in 1899.
The year IST3 produced 2,447 ,53S tons of
Rev,- shipping. Great Britain leading with
1.7 C;,::* tons. The United States follow
ed, with 253.564 tons, and Germany came
next, with 179.235. One of the remark
able achievements of the year was the
Oceanic, one of the largest vessels ever
built. Another novelty was the steam
turbine torpedo-boat destroyer Viper,
which makes corns thirty-five knots an
hour. A striking feature of the year's
record v.as the increase of tonnage built
on the Great Lakes. Seventy vessels, of
72.034 tons, were built on the Great Lakes.
wealth and luxury- Politics— nerer for
him. Always standing aloof from party
conflicts, he is ready and willing to do his
duty at his country's call. Once In 1898
he was asked by some of his friends to
compete against Kruger for the Presi
dency. This he refused to do, saying at
the same time that he was satisfied with
the existing order of things and did not
Bee why they should be changed. The
reputation of Cronje as a fighter and one
gifted with military genius has long been
acknowledged throughout South Africa-
It was lie to whom Major Clark capitu
lated at Majuba Hill in ISSI. • It was he
who led the forces which defeated and
put an end to the notorious Jamison raid.
It was he who commenced the siege at
Maf eking. All the forces at Klmbeiley
were under his command during the siege,
except when he Joined Central Joubert at
Ladysmith. Kiinberley came near being
his Waterloo.
Not then. He fought longer, as strength
was given unto 'bim." But only a lltUa
longer.
The lime came when ho was pursued by
the three great English generals, Kitch
ener, HobertH and Kelly-Kenny. Then he
waa penned up at Paarsberg with scarce
to<y> men. The English surrounded him
with 40,000. He had live guns— the Eng-
*jl y O T »V and then.es history ppir.s itself
f\ I en, some great man opposes Eng
[ M lanu aiid is o\ercome. She has a
I V punishment that Fh« deems worthy
X, of such a mart. Napoleon was one
that i-he honored with St. Helena's
?>::'«. Cronje is another.
Tar away in a distant ccean, 700 miles
irczn any laud, there is a mere *pe<-k in
the tea— a blotch upon the fate of the
«arth. It is an island, solitary, desolate
and foreboding. Hifih. rocky cliffs rise on
every hand; all nature seems dead save
for the rear of the waves upon the. broken
shore. Here it is that England sends men
that she may break their spirit. Men who
have loved thtir God. their homes an.-l
their country, and in doing so have dared
to tread upon the lion's tail: Here one
man, the greatest in his way the world
>.as ever seen, spent the closing years of
his life. Here another man is soon to go
Jr. t-x'Ae. He is the man who dared —
farm» r. general., statesman. This man is
Oen~ral Cronje and the island is St.
Helena, the former prison of Napoleon.
Oronje and 4600 men are now held prison
ers at Cape Town, and soon will be on
their way to St. Helena. What awaits
them there? Solitude worse than death —
away from their homes, their families and
t.hrfr beloved vel<2t. The hupe guns of tho
Kniish will look down upon them night
end day. and her Majesty's warships will
keep sullen vigil about the tiny island,
ever watchful for the patriotic rescuer.
Searchlights will scan the shores at night
:«-nd the redcoats will never cease their
Fuard. Here these men, with longing
eyes,-, will look across the seas to the land
Warship Built by Actors.
German actors have determined to aid
Emperor William in building up a navy.
The idea occurred some time ago to Herr
ilorltz Hoefler, manager of the Schloss
Braunfels Theater. In Berlin, that it
would be an excellent Idea to have tho
actors and theatrical managers of Ger
many unite in building a°warshlp, and he
at once wrote an appeal to the leading
members of the profession. In which he
suggested that arrangements be made to
give special performances in all the the
aters and that the money obtained there
from be spent In building a man-of-war
of the best possible type. He maintained
that such a gift to the Government would.
be a splendid evidence of patriotism, and,
that there was no reason why the money
should not be collected within a short
time.
USE INDIA INK AS
A FLAVOR IN THEIR
BEVERAGES.
well enough a!one." Therefore the u»e of
India Ink was declared to be sacrilegious
and its manufacture was prohibited.
Afterward it dawned upon the versatile
mind controlling the destinies of the Im
perial exchequer that there was great pos
sibilities of revenue in the production of
India ink. if Judiciously absorbed by Im
perial prerogative. Accordingly tho ban,
was removed from the offending Industry,
which revived quickly, though restricted
to the province of Kians-si and heavily
handicapped with an enormous trlbuta
exacted by the Emperor.
'Apparently there were millions in India
ink in those clays, for a sharp competition
in its production arose, and this was tha
beginning of trouble for artists ant
draughtsmen. The market was frluttel
with worthless grades. At first the ink
was superfine in quality, and the lamp
black used in it was ground into a
powder so fine that it was. as*
volatile as vapor and possessed In Itself
an odor of musk. Later, when competi
tion Corrupted Its production, coarser and
cheaper pigments were substituted for th«
fine ones and the Ink was artificially per
fumed with musk in order to disguise Its
Inferiority.
The Chines* are passionately fonl of
musk, and India ink was u.«ed by them not
only as a writing material, but also as a
flavor for their choicest beverages. A lit
tle India ink rubbed In water was consid
ered, then, a most delicious drink, but
modern India ink can hardly be recom
mended as a safe medium for Interior dec
oration of that sort.
"We are Informed by the distinguished
historian that air"jrood" India Ink la in
habited by pods. (In Chin.-* thorp ate m
many gods that it is difficult to find lodg
ings for them all; they are billeted, there
fore, upon any convenient article, such as
a stick of India ink.) From this startling
disclosure of the historian we mtjrht b*
Justified in presuming that all "bad" In
dia ink is inhabited by devils. This view
er the matter would account for the mu!
tltudinous trials and tribulations which
beset the unhappy draughtsman who tries
to make a drawing with poor India Ink;
for certainly in unmitigated wickedness
and total depravity poor India Ink has
few equals and no superiors.
THIS GIRL IS THE
INVENTOR OF PEPSIN
CHEWING GUM.
*~555, O you chew pepsin gum? If you
A <^o. you are under obligations to
JIJ/ N'eilie Hortcn. Even If you don't.
you will be Interested in Nellie
Horton.
You can't look her up In the "Famous
¦Women" stlos nor is she In "Great In
ventors." However, If dyspeptics th©
Tror;<i aroun-i realized what they owe her
the r.ame of rCelli^ Horton would be in
these and rUI similar books.
Kotiwer, Miss Horton doea not worry
¦ bout i^rne nor i? she desirous of leaving
•'footprints on t!.« sands of time." She
Is cor.tej;t ihat «-very time you buy a
piec e of p*r :n gum you add a mite to her
iortur.c— a fc rtur.f already rounding the
comer of the half million mark.
Ask ar.y cac in Cleveland. Oh'.o. who
Nellie Ilortr.n Js and the answer will be.
"Oh. the's the pepsin gum girl."
"The pepsin eu:a giri" does not resem
ble other gum sh:s. She doesn't wear a.
thort accordion plaited skirt and a white
cap out of ti'.t with propriety. She doesn't
cry out hff wares on street corner, ferry
bouts it:;d excursion trains.
Ir.eu.-ad Bhe is taking her ease In her
Inn. living In lavender, as a result of th»
prof.ts of pepsin g-um., In other words,
M. - Nellie Horton is the Inventor of that •
panacea for the ills of ladlcest'.oo.
Ten years ago Miss Ne:!le Horton wm a
stenographer cHrnir.K as many dollars a
¦wetk. Destiny pot her In a pepsin manu
factory. So rr.uch for environment. Her
one Euprtrr.e wc-akness va a great love
for F.pruce gum as it come* fresh from
tho talfara fir tree. 80 much for habit.
All day long Miss Nellie Horton played
Ji«:r type-writer to the accompaniment of
«r bit of epruce gum. In every order, every
letter cr bill the word "pepsin" occurred.
frne spelled out pages of tilctatSoaun the
?mucs of pepsin. She belleveu in \he vir
tues of spruce gum. Somehow the thought
struck I.<"-r ifaiat here would be a bappy
Horton wbr planning how to combine pep
sin and giim and lengthen her bank ac
count.
One da? eh<e came to her work at the
pepsin manufactory with her determina
tion glued to the point. She had made
up her mind to confide In her employer.
Jt took rour.iKe to talk to the "bops."
who jjrunted orders from behjnd his roller
top desk. She took an extra chew at her
spruce gum and then put the question:
"Don't you think," began Nellie florton
timidly, "don't you think," she repeated
•with a choking sound, "don't you think,"
tflje blurted out finally, "that It would be
a good idea to put pepsin in jjum?"
Of course her employer looked at her
as If she were crazy and laughed the Idea
to scorn. This, by all the chronicles of In
ventions, great and small. Is the first sort
of encouragement given to inventors. Nel-
ec.:r.b;:,ution.
"I'cpein gum! Gum pepsin!" was the
Wurdcf. of her thoughts for many days.
Tfce iika simmered, and on^ day* Miss
Nellie Hcrlcn came to the conclusion that
pepsin gum would be hailed with delight 1
by guru chewers of all climes, especially
those with unruly digestions. A gum
with .pepsin in it would kill two birds
with ono chew.
So while other typewriters were plan
ning what to do on their day off or how to
n-.anage to buy Fi!k-l!ned gowns and long
ing for the things that are not in the un
eventful life of the stenographer, Nellie
1 11<* Horton had half hoped for better, bat
fully realized that this was to bo expect
ed. She only set her tcelh all the harder
iito the fresh piece of spruce gum.
Then she began her experiments. Nellie
Horton had one characteristic common
with all men and women who rain suc
cess, where thousands aim and where only
an occasional one hits th» mark; She was
absorbed In a single Idea.
For months she worked and experlment
j ed. The gum must have the proper con
sistency and substance. It must have Just
the correct amount of pepsin to make It
valuable for Indigestion. It took a vast
amount ol time and trouble.
Her favorite epruce gum wti finally
abandoned.. It didn't meet the require
ments. At length, after many months of
experlmentirflr, Nellie Horton made a pep
sin gum that suited her. It was a simple
matter to find > a market for It, once the.
dealers were ibown Its merits.
Ten years ago"; Nellie Horton was a slip
of a girl eking out a living at the type
writer. To-day Ehe i3 a woman enjoy'lnff
the luxuries that\ an Income of half a
million permits. And- all because. she hit
upon the happy Idea of pepsin gum.
along in civilization. It will be a great
day in Jamestown, for the prisoners will
be coming to town.
Among the prisoners Pieter Arnoldus
Cronje will be the center. The onlookers
will take In with greedy eyes one half
soldier, half farmer, all a man.
Pieter Arnoldus Cronje is at heart a
soldier, although he never received any
training other than that which he has ac
quired upon the field of battle. It has
been his lot since he was a young man
to do the defending and guarding of his
country against covetous hand?— his coun
try, mad*' rich and prosperous through
nevcr-falllnß energy, hard v/ork and per
severance. Small in stature and wearing
the proverbial beard of the Boers, Cronje
looks more a tiller of the soil than a sol
dier, and a tiller of the soil he is when
not engaged in war. He is simple In man
ner and address, unassuming and ever
rr.ir.rlirs his own affairs, but when lead
ing his troops he is another person. It
was Cronje the soldier; Cronje the leader,
who earned the title of "Lion of South
Africa."
He is a patriarch and rules his own lit
tle tribe, as is the custom in the Trans
vaal, in true biblical style and with ab
solute authority. His farm of 120,000 acre*
is near Potchefstroon. His house is of
of their b!rth. which they love so wen and
vihich they will know no more. Then will
come flawing homesickness, the vrorst ol
all p'lmentr— and this for the band of men
¦who hold at bay .in army of 50.000.
As Cronje sails to h!s prison placo he
•will be confronted by the dreary sight of
Jampstown, St. Helena's port. It is littf c
changed to-day from what it was when
that other British prisoner saw U in
gloomy prorpect from the BeHerophon's
<W-k— if changed at all it i* for the worse.
The fences, the walks, the houses are all
Calling to decay as a result of the inroads
of white ants. A number of these were
landed some years ago in a ship's cargo,
and since then the insects have been a
piapue to all the island's dwellers save the
native blacks, who regard them as a deli
cacy. ''¦'"*!
\Yh*n the African exiles approach the
Islam! they will see why it has been
chosen as a fit place for a priceless pris
oner. Precipitous cliffs at the sides, in
accessible heights within, rise bleak
acrainst the sky. Once past the cliffs anil
safely in at the harbor— what will they
find?
Only a little island whose peop'e num
ber r.o more than 5000, most of whom live
In tne remote, curious, idle-minded little
Jamcs'.own. The island was .discovered as
long ago as 15 r 'l by the Portuguese navi
gator, Jean da Nova, but in all these' cen
turies it has made Itself famous as noth
ing but* a place of punishment. In 1651,
during Cromwell's time, England acquired
the Island and to England it has belonged
ever since. British officers and soldiers
make up most of the population that does
THE GREAT , BOER ' COMHANDER ¦ DOOfIEP TO SUFFER EXILE
.. IN THE FORMER PRISON OF NAPOLEON. : ;• '
not belong to the vaguely mixed natlv*
race whose people are called "yamstalks."
St. Helena once collected a considerable
revenue from passing vessels, and for a
little while it looked possible as a living
place, but all hopes of this were killed by
the opening of the Suez canal.
Curious St. Helenans will crowd down
toward the water some day before long.
The yamstalks will stare openly, vulgarly,
for they are ignorant people. British sol
diers and their families will stare covert
ly, vulgarly, for they are a bit further
stone and has nix rooms— not as rood as
an humble American laborer would build
for himself. The floors are of the beaten
earth, glazed over with oxblood. The
walls are bare, for the Boer does not be
lieve in art of any description.
Books are scarce and the reading for the
most part Is confined to the Bible, for to
its teaching, according to the exact letter,
the Boer adheres most strongly,
j Cronje. Boerllke. is much adverse to in
novations and disapproves most heartily
of that ultra-civilization which revels in
llsh sixty. Defenses there were none, and
the English poured shot in upon him.
Then he surrendered, not because he
wanted to but because his men, some of
them despairing, forced him to.
After the surrender— a wave of excite
ment around the globe, much wondering,
much speculating and at last the decision.
Great Britain sentenced. "St. Helena,"
was what she said.
It was final. The delay of preparation
will be as short as the great power can
make it. Soon the curious, waiting ones
on the lonely islands will have food for
talk a twelvemonth long. "Did you see
how proud he walked In his impudence?"
and "He's little enough to be the maker
of such a heap o' trouble." But Cronje
will not hear. •;
. In his solitude he will hear little but
his own thoughts. They will grow louder
day- by day as thoughts do in loneliness.
Shrieking things they come to be in tha
end. But their nature— who knows?
Napoleon Is reported as saving; "They
perhaps think that I will put an end to
myself. No; there !j greater courage In
purporting It. To finish myself becomes
not a roan of my character."
What will Cronje think?
THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.
General Cronje soon to be England's Prisoner on the island of St. Helena.
Ink was the soot obtained by burning lac
and pine charcoal. This soot was pow
dered finely and mixed with some kind jf
size or glue. .Fish glue or isinglass v.-as
used, as well as bone or horn glue; and
Bometimes^in making the finer qualities of
Ink. pearls were boiled in the glue. Some
times dried ox tcngue was added to give
this ink a purple tint; and the bark of the
pepper tree was. used to produce a tinge
'of blue. The" Ink- was carefully molded,
dried and packed in • wormwood leaves
with lime or ashes until well seasoned.
It Is not stated whether sepia, the color"
ing. liquid. of the cuttlefish, r?as addc-1 to
the Ink originally or not, but as the best
India ink in use at present has a brownish
tint, as if mixed with sepia, it is evident
thatsepla is used now in the. manufacture
Of tire ink. Sepia alone is used frequently
In China in preference to the black ink.
As soon as it was discovered that India
ink was likely to.be serviceable to man
kind it wa3 perceived by the Imperial Diet
to be a dangerous innovation upon the es
tablished custom of "not" having it to
use. The empire had got along very well
without India Ink prior to its discovery,
and it was Chinese public policy "to Ist
7
n NDIA Ink was not first discovered, as
its name would seem to Indicate, in
j! India. The earliest records we have
of it show that it was first made in
China, and the bulk of the present -daily
supply is brought from thafceountry. Like
many things of practical utility to man
kind, India ink was not an invention, but
a discovery. That is to say. the individ
ual who produced it first did so entirely
by accident, without the remotest Inten
tion of doing anything sensible of useful.
About 3000 years before the Christian
era a Chinese alchemist, Tien-Tsehen by
name, while experimenting upon some
nostrum for the external preservation of
life, or upon some formula for converting
dirt Into gold— it matters not what—ac
cidentally concocted a black substance in
the form of a liquid paint or varnish. This
concoction was the first India ink. The
black pigment which forms the base of theTHE . SUNDAY CAI/L.
8
Students of the University of California
Turn Actors to Pay College Debts.
Tlm Bwfeetey boya have had their wits to work taking
stock of their talents, Individual and collective. The rex
sen for tIM stocktakings a vary urgent one. Thsir cof
fers art «cnpty; tha treasury of the Associated Students
•f tha University of California is depleted, and unless
prompt measures ar« taken the activities and festivities
of the caller* are in danger of being Indefinitely sus
pended.
Tha Berkeley students have risen to tha occasion.
They will present a three-act : farce entitled "James
Wobberts. B. S. Boston," at the Grand Opera-house on
Saturday afternoon, April 17. and will continue tha per
formance during the week.
Tha boys are not to have lt|all their own way. Fair
co-cds are going to assist. Four young- lady students
have roles in the farce, and the cast is Interesting be
cause of the fact that never before have the girl stu
dents participated In any entertainment given before
metropolitan audiences either in Stanford or Berkeley
performances. Chaperons will be much in demand, and
solicitous relatives will be in attendance, but the Berke
ley maids will tread the boards and win the applause
with their brothers. -.:' .'V:- .
The play was written by Richard "Walter. Tully, a
Junior student, who will appear In the cast, and al
though originally composed with a view to college audi
ences It Is calculated to draw the appreciation of a gen
eral public. . T/" ;: 1 .
Tom Harrington, a typical "sporty" colleg© man. Is
the character about whom the plot revolves, and the
three acta are replete with complication. Having a. very
dubious record as a student, he is posing before his
father as the leader of his classes, and is threatened with
an embarrassing situation when he receives notice of a
visit from his father. ' .When ' his : father arrives Tom,
wltfi tha assistance of a friend, induces a verdant fresh
man. James Wobberts, 8. 8. Boston, to pose as a pro
testor wh» Is expeoted to arrive and to speak creditably
of Tom's progress. The arrival of the real professor
upsets this scheme, and further confusion is brought
about by tha appearance of a miner and his daughter
from San Francisco, whom Tom had met the night be
fore in the assumed character of an officer of the regular
army. In a hopeless endeavor to keep up his several per
sonalities the ingenuity 6t Tom is much taxed, and the
difficulty of keeping them from. putting heads together
brings about endless complications. The pseudo-profes-
For tries to reveal his identity, but is silenced as a luna
tic, and a chance remark to the effect that Tom has
"cut gym"— an innocent term for having given up the
gymnasium — leads every' one to believe that Tom has
been in a. fight. The wild efforts ot young Harrington,
to keep people from getting together and making ex
planations result in partial success and all is going well
until the reappearance of the real professor, who has
succeeded in reaching the ear of the faculty, frustrates
everything, and Tom gives himself up as lost. He ia
saved, however, through the limited vocabulary of a
Japanese boy, whose English is confined to the one word
"yis." Tom ingenibusly weaves a fabrication and gets
the affirmative support of. the Jap. Vindication follows
and the farce enda happily. The plot is laid in a college
boarding house, and the tricks of the college youth, to»
gether with the difficulties of the landlady, -are comically
introduced. The cast Is as follows:
Tom Harrington, captain of the football team, James
Bennett Southard; : Reginald Black, his chum, Rea-
Hanna; James Wobberts, S. S. Boston, Richard "Walter
Tully; William Everett James, a Stanford professor fill
ing a vacancy, Milton Harry Schwartz; Byron Harring
ton, father of his son, Ralph Talcott Fisher; Dan Dav«
nant, a miner with a daughter, John W. S. Butler; Pro
fessor Magee, director of the "Gym," Charles Dunne
Cobb; Nugata, good, honest. Intelligent Japanese school
boy, Demetrius A. Gordenker; Marian Davenant, a
daughter with a • father. Jessie Bohall; Dude Harring
ton, Tom's Bister, Ella Viola Pa ttlani; Mrs. Wiggington
"Wiggins, the. landlady, Anna Lucia Holmes; Ruth
Thornton, her niece. Ruby Rose Morse.journey, persuading him at length that
they could not fall to find the road.
Brother Leo. his back bent, his steps
tottering, commenced again to put one be
fore the oth«r his poor bleeding feet,
which were now nothing else than two
chunks of ice. 1
Thefy plungoi again into the thickness
of the trees. The darkness was heavy
about them; etnnge noises like the flight
Suddenly a great rock barred tha way
.before them. . *• „
• ''We must torn hack," said Brother
Francis. "I cannot," said- Brother Leo.
Leaning on his staff he seemed glued .'to
the earth like Lot's wife changed into the
pillar of salt.' , • • \ . ¦
Brother Francis continued to exhort
him. "Take courage, my brother," ha
said. "Our Lord will show us the road.
Confide in him and you will' find your
Btrength. You will suffer no longer from
cold' or fatigue and we will arrive safely
at- oUr convent."' • ,
But while he spoke the limbs of Brother
Leo gave way beneath him. He fell un
conscious on the ground, and thick flakes
of snow descending steadily began to
cover him like a pall. •
Brother Francis reflected an Instant.". H«
He fell unconscious on the ground, and thlcK flakes °.r snow descending steadily began to cover hlrn n^e a pall.'i
air,- who sow not nor spin, and that thy 4
bounty feedeth. Among the brothers
united to fast and to pray and to preach
none Is more ardent nor more faithful
than-he. It Is for that, OLord, that I Im
plore thee , to save him by a miracle. If
such be thy will. If, however, It please
thee to recall him to thy kingdom, we shall
mourn him gently, for we love him much
r-him whom we call the little lamb of our
Savior. Yet, Q Lord, we shall continue
to praise thy goodness -and bounty. Thy
will be done!" ' ' . ..
: Having thus prayed, he leaned over-the
body of Brother Leo and remarked that
he hardly breathed. He waited, and the
eyes of Brothe-r. Leo 'opened. He .raised
himself without assistance; a soft smile
appeared upon his lips. He murmured,
?Oa Brother Francis!" . W3U&B&&
Suddenly .the dreadful winter landscape
disappeared. The , grim pines became
pillars of gold. Sof V, carpets' like those
that the Venetian merchants brought
from .their most distant voyages stretched
before the brothers, where- all before had
been ghastly snow.* Instead of the cold
north" wind gentle perfumes richer than
those of "Arabia filled, tho atn^osph'ere. It
was no longer La Verna cold and cruel,
the refuge of bandits and- murderers, but
a splendid palace ..like "that of • Solomon.-
And the two- brothers found themselves
extended on downy couches.' ', Before them
a table appeared, bearing the most deli-,
clous -dishes — wines to gladden the hearts
.of connoisseurs and fruits of wonderful
lusclousness— all served In golden plates
and the finest, rarest crystal. The table
was covered with Bilk, rich, with" superb
embroidery. Surely no Oriental monarch
ever* offered to his guests a repast more
splendid. The sound of harp* and flolins
tilled the 'air, while a host of beautiful
women clothed in long white drosses,
with- floating hair 'and crowns of gaily
colored flowers, awaited the orders of the
astonished brothers.
• Brother Leo quickly extended his hand
toward one of Jlhe golden cups," but Broth
er Francis stopped him:
' "Oh, my brother." he said, "do not
hasten to quench . thy thirst from this
beverage. All of this Is too beautiful.
These flowers, these fruits, tnls. wine, this
rnusfc, these women— l cannot believe that
they come from God. Have you not heard
that such temptations often assail tha
holy hermits In the desert? The deivU
aland can .offer., ua. aa many delights, to
Utapt th* flesh.** Whereupon h* fer
vently mad* the sign of tha cross. Un
doubtedly he expected to sea the palaca
melt away, the tempting dishes changa
Into Ylle Knelling filth, the women Into
•ows or vipers. But the table remained,
th* harps played as before, tha beautiful
servitors were not less beautiful.
Ton see. Brother Francis," Brle<l
Brother Leo. "we hava here nothing
wicked. It Is the goodness of God which
declares Itself In this magnificence." And
again he extended his hand toward tha
golden cup, but again Brother Francis ar
rested him. "Brother Leo," ha said sadly,
"beware! Tha devil has many resources
for snatching souls."
Brother Leo answered. **I ana so
thirsty!" "No matter." said Brother
Francis, "It Is sweet to suffer thirst for
the love of God." "I am so hungry,"
¦aid Brother Leo. At this moment <\
large, luminous cross appeared on th-i
wall before Brother Francis and & hand
of fir* wrote beneath It: "Infinite ami
multifold Is the goodness of God." Then
Brother Francis recognized tha hand that!
had warned Balthazar and his heart wan
assured, ' Ha fell on his knees, rendered
thanks and said to his companion, "Very
well. Brother Leo, since such Is th* will
of God, we may do honor to this repast."
However, he remained sad at heart. Dry
bread and clear water, such was the re
past that he had hoped to receive from
Ood. This extravagant luxury shocked
and grieved him.-'
The beautiful women began to serrw do
repast, presenting exquisitely delicious
viands. Fish of silver sheen In golden
sauces, roasted peacocks garnished In
their plumes, game of all sorts, grspes
as large as nuts and a. hundred other
fruits coming from the four quarters o2
the world. .»
Brother Leo at* with & rlgorcms appe
tite. Brother Francis himself, his palat*
excited by the good things, regretted less
the dry bread and water that ha had
longed for. The wine of which they par
took In prudent moderation warmed their
blood and comforted their poor frozen
bodies. They finally fell asleep, lulled by
the gentle music- of the celestial harps.
"When they awoke they found them
selves .on the side of Mo/unt .Verna. not
far from the first fir trees which crowned
the summit.
"Oh, Brother Francis,*' said Brother
Leo, "what a delightful experience wa
have had! And it was not a dream, for
I feel neither hunger nor thirst, and my
members are supple and light like after
a good repose.
But Brother Francis remained standing,
leaning on his staff and plunged la a pro
found meditation.
"O Lord, blessed be thy name." he
said in hfs heart, "for Brother Leo was
dying and behold you have saved him.
"We were hungry and thirsty and you
gave us food and drink. "We were weary
and you gave us repose. But why. O
Lord, by such means? "Why those deli
clous fruits, those fine wlnea, tha palace,
the music, the women? You could hava
transported to his cell on th» wings of ar»
angel our poor, exhausted brother; you
c*;ild have made spring up before him a.
fountain of water and a morsel of bread.
or, simpler yet. you could hava sent his
way a she-goat of which the milk would
have gratified hl3 hunger and quenched
his thirst. Why. O Lord, did you Invite
us to a repast such as I dreamed not of
In the days of my wildest follies T*
For a long time Brother Francis pon
dered In this manner, tormented by tha
question that he could not answer.
Brother Leo pulled; his mantle, urging him
to hurry. "Hasten thou. my brother." ha
said to him*, "we have our duties at tha
convent to perform."
Brother Francis did hot answer, bnt re
mained plunged In his meditation. know-
Ing that the light wtmld eventually coma
to him. And finally he heard within him
self the mysterious voice which sometimes
rpoke to him. And the voice said: "O
Brother Francis, bread and water are not
the only things that God has created. All
of the good) things and all of the beauti
ful things are also his work. I<» it not
his sun that makes the win» grow and
gives the glitter to th© grape? Is not
beauty in every form, be it in the color;
of the flowers or In the smiles of women.
a cartiiclo of praise to him? Think you
that the devil alone can give Joy to tha
eyes and gratification to tha senses?
Know then. O Brother Francis, that all
that is good comes from God. Prida
alone comes in from tha enemy. Dij?
deep Into the secrets of thy heart, O
Brother Francis, and see If there be not
come pride In thy contempt for the beau
rties of earth and the demands of thy
iflesh. "' »
i "Hasten, my brother," again said
Leo. "Behold, it Is morning and
iwe have our duties to perform."
| Brother Francis hardly heard him.
Fruits and " flowers, wine and womea
; passed before his vision. "Lord, Lord."
\ he murmured within himself, "how many
\ years have I neglected to praise thee. la
• thy works!"
o T was a miserable r.ljrht In December
j when Brother Loo and Brother Fran
! c:s climbed the mountain to the con
** vent of La Vrrna. There was F.now,
enow evrry where! Long stalactites hung
from 'the pine trees and so elippery was
the read that the brothers seemed to re
cede at every Ft*»p. In tplte of the cold
north wind which was lashing them furi
ously huge drops of sweat fell from their
f nrc heads. \eo difficult was the ascent,
Since early morcinjr not a mouthful of
food or drink had crossed their lips and
Brother J«<"o was fainting, almost dying,
of exhaustion. Brother Francis, perpetu
ally warmed by the fire of his devotion,
hardly realized the cold. He walked up
right and vigorously as if his indefatiga
ble I!m!>s were r.ot made of human flesh,
ar.d fuliov.-Jng his hnfclt he discoursed on
the happiness of suffering for Christ.
"O Brother Leo. little lamb of our
Favjor." li* sn:d. "do you know what
constitutes the greatest happiness in life?
It is to elve air ar.d to suffer all for the
tdory of God. When a wlr.d a thousand
t;r.i^s rr.ore cruel than this one will have
frozen us to our marrow, when more ex
hausted by a fast of much longer dura
tion, when robbers, angry at finding noth
ing: in our possession, will have cut and
lacerated our bodies, when the gatekeeper
of our convent, falling to recognize us.
¦'.Trill have tent us without succor into the
:;'?ht. then, O Brother Leo. we will com
rr.«rice to taste of the greatest happiness."
Brother Loo stopped to catch his breath
.ttv.<l. leaning heavily on his staff, said
with a weary eigh:
\O Brother Francis, I find that the
wind 5s quite cruel enough and that our
fast-is sufficiently long. All of my blood
I.- frozen. 1 have no longer the strength
to move my feet, which are hurting cruel
ly. I feol as thoup-h I were being torn to
pieces by the sharp teeth of some wild
animal. I do not think it is possible to
*r;<r more of cold or hunger or thirst
w:';hout dying on the tpoc And in spit*
Of all that I do r.ot experience the happl-
J»!-s that you speak of."
*'O Brother Leo, thy faith Is not
etror.tr." taid Brother Francis, In great
cadncss. :
For several minutes they continued the
«.<=< er.t In silenc*. when Brother Francis
£f n'.n ?rcke, "O Brother Leo," he said,
¦:."\r'.i rr.e what constitutes perfect beatl
fjc'e.'V.
"My dear brother, forgive the feebleness
of rry faith." said Brother Leo. In a voice
hardly audible, "but it seems to me at
th!* moment that perfect beatitude would
be a supper and a warm bed."
Then Brother Francis sighed heavily,
and while they continued to climb the
mow-covered mountain he meditated on
the error of men who think the needs of
nature real and important when nothing
Is of consequence but the needs of the
soul. "Behold. Brother Leo," he eald to
himself, "one of the best of our congrega
tion, yet harassel and exhausted because
he has gone a paltry twenty hours with
out food or drink." But he epoko no
more, not wishing to humiliate his brother
by relating the ecst&cy that filled his own
eou!. how the coM was mild to him as a
toft caress, hungrr as delicious as the
most savory dish, thirst refreshing as a
luscious fruit, fatigue delightful. He con
tented himself by murmuring in his heart:
"Blessed be thou, my Sister Hunger, for
thou nourishest my soul. Blessed be thou,
my Sister Thirst, for thou givest drink to
my soul. Blessed be thcu. my Sister
"Weariness, for thou atonest for my
Eine. And thou also, my sister the cold
• north wind, blessed be thou, for thou
fiilest the air with canticles of my
At this moment appeared the first fir
trees of the preat forest which crowned
the summit of La Verna. Their branches
wro ¦bending' rrr.der the weight of"*.the
Enow, the r.lsht was thick about them.
Suddenly Brother Francis nerreived that
A Gospel for the Good-Liver
Jranslaied from Old french
by Genevieve Green.
"Ah. my God, my strength in ended. I
shall die here." And he fell exhausted on
the snow. ;. '
But Brother Francis lifted him up, ex
horting and imploring him to continue the
of evil spirits filled the air. ••Listen," said
Brother Francis; "one would say that the
angels were singing. around us!"
But Brother Leo had not the strength to
answer.
tried to raise the body of his companion,
but though his soul was unconquerable his
physical strength was not supernatural.
He recognized his helplessness and began
to pray. "Blessed Savior, consider thy
poor servant. • Behold him here stretched
on the frozen boH, the snow beginning to
cover him. However, In the purity of his
heart he adores thee. It Is for thy honor
and glory and to render homage to thy
daughter, Holy Poverty, that he has jour
neyed during many* days, despised and
abused by the passers-by, without other
resource than alms. To please thee, be
has rendered himself Ilk* the birds of the
9
tn the darkness zti*y r.ad taken the wrong
road. He peered In vain through the trees
In F^arch of the narrow path that led to
the convent, then he stopped and eald
gently:
"Brother Leo, I think that we have lost
our way. Blessed be the will of our Sa
vior, who has guided us thus for the good
of our souls.*"
But brother Leo cried despairingly:
Two Empresses in Contrast.
: The present Czarina of Russia goes t3
¦ extr.emes in the simplicity of her court ap-.
i parel. and. in thi3 respect forms a grta»
' contrast to the famous Elizabeth Petroww
: na, daughter of Peter the Great.
•' The latter while Empregs had earneo
the tiile of "Elizabeth the Good." b«aan
] she never approved of. any execution* lr»
• her empire. On the other hand, she wa»
much criticized for her extravagance an&
eccentricity in dress. After her death tha
fact became known that sha had 13,000
! costly gowns in her wardrobe, none of
| which had ever adorned her royal person.
Now, when the dress of court la a more
¦ertous matter with the royal and nobij
women, Russia has a Czarina who ob
serves the strictest simplicity in her
gowns and requires the same from her
guests and attendants. This has caused
endless dissatisfaction. The ultra fash
ionable lady must bear the chagrin of ap
pearing at court functions in a very plain
toilet, for otherwise the scrutinizing eyes
would pick her out as a marls for disap
proval.
This extraordinary plainness baffles her
admirers all the more because It is a well
known fact that the Czar Is extremely
fond of chic and has often expresaad his
admiration for elaborate, costly ladled
toileu, ._•-- ...j~
THE »UJNUAT CAlili.— - . .
9!BCB BUKDAY OAIIII.
10
say the men who live in bach-
. elor apartments, "we Lavo solved
ti ibe problem of metropolitan living^
No hotels or restaurants for us.
That anthill existence . cannot hold a
ismdle to your own happy little home,
•wtiere there are no 'elevators,' bellboys or
fplding-beds. Give us our ov,-n little fire-
Irida and a: Jap cook and we defy the
¦trorld when it comes to living."
•^Why." paid the enthusiasts. "It's the
pext thing to being married." "And," ad<23
the blase young man, "it's a mighty .sight
fcetter." Of course, Jife in tlib. bachelor
apartments Is not all beer and skittles—
the price of butter may rise anil, worse
ftlll, the cook may quit. But for all that,
here in San Francisco there- are dozens
cf bachelors who count the pros as
weightier than the con's ami they puff
happily at their own firesides without
hearing a word, of reproof concerning
smoke In the window curtains.
The Sutro boys— Oscar and Alfred— have
b. snug little place on Jackson street. The
dining-room is large and conimands an
excellent view of the bay. About the
walls are hnng specimens of antique fire
arms and swords. Alfred Sntro has a fine
collection of steins gathered here and
there while on a visit to Germany. These
ere placed on shelves about the room. The
parlor Is a cozy room and has everything
that a bachelor's parlor should have. Pic
tures there are and bric-a-brac and a
¦multitude of sofa cushions. There is a
for lazy hours and a guitar, too.
Edward 11. Sheldon maintains one of the
•wellest apartments In town. One would
Jrendily see from a look Into th?m that Mr.
•Sheldon's tastes are distinctly artistic,
especially In the line of fine china, and cut
glass. The dining room Is finished Jr hard
wood. Racks and china closets line the
walls, and there is a profusion of cut
glass on the sideboard. Silver candelabra,
old vases, queer china of exquisite design
adorn the mantelpiece, while on the floor
are rugs which would do honor to the col
lection of. the most exacting connoisseur.
The parlors are large and there are many
rare bits of art scattered about in gen
u'.ne bachelor profusion. By the way,
Mr. Sheldon denes superstition and dec
orates boastfully with peacock feathers.
Out on Sacramento street Arthur Spear
keeps house in a way which would give
many a housewife points on interior dec
oration. In the parlor there are some arti
cles cf virtu which are quite rare, espe
cially a large statue in onyx. The lamp-
shades are rosy, and cushioned comer*
are' tempting. =•¦ ; •
Perhaps the moat Traiqtre of all the baefc*
elor quarters In town Is what Is known as
tho "Attic." 'It is hero, that Benjamin
Benjamin and Herbert . E. Hunt keej>
house. The rooms are rambling and are
full of little nooks and corners, each one
devoted In detail to some special schema
of decoration. Rugs from Turkey and
Arabia, chairs from China and settees
from japan; vases, books and musical In
struments from the whole world orer.
From the music room starts a stairway
which leads to the roof now being fitted
up as a garden. Palms will spread them
selves there, and little seats will be fitted
in among them. Dim Turkish lamps Mil
hang about and make fickle shadows la
the plants, j .;-
There are some cozy Quarters on Plna
street. . They belong to B. Q. Vincent.
Potted plants and flowers abound and
scattered about the divans and window
seats is a collection of sofa pillows that
Mr. Vincent— well, It's only a little affair
of course, he knows, but If anybody can
beat that collection, well-
All the way from flower-peta! silks to
throwabout leather pillows they range,
and Mr. Vincent has a right to be proud.
Thomas Barbour has a pretty little suite
of apartments on Jones street, and In
them he entertains right royally. He has
a fad for ca.llas. He says California petv«
pie think them common, but that doesn't
make them any less ornamental, does. .It?
So he banks them every day, as If for n
party, on mantel and table and piano, an*
then he says he' "is fixed." • •
They have a world of their own, thes*
bachelors. And they like It
• THOSE WHO .;';
¦KJSSP HOUSE
AND ENJOY
TRUE COMFORT
San Francisco Bachelors
at HomeYaqul country." said a prominent Mexi
can, "'is not giving Mexico as much trou
by»*as Kentucky is the United States. It
is a purely sectional uprising and Is not
disturbing Mexico in general. Highly col
ored stories, sent out by reporters on the
border, have magnified the Yaqul disturb-
dinner. Occasionally, while enjoying tHlk
repose, though perfectly wide ' awake,
there conies upon" me th<? peculiar sensa
tion of the chost chill, which I. will pres*
ently speak of. I wait with much atten
tion and Interest to see what is going to
happen, and presently I find my own con-
rf S $*Or-y foTcf
sy one w^o
X-jrE^CERAL PORFIRIO DIAZ h»»
I / been renominated for the Presi
l/T c"ency, with a practical certainty
NLA of election. This means that for
V. another four years the Mexican
Phip of state will have a master hand at
the helm to guide it smoothly and safely.
For twenty years Diaz -has served as tho
chief executive of his country. Ruin, an
archy, brlsrandage and what not have
been predicted for Mexico when Diaz lets
ellp the. reins of government.
Rumor has persistently stated that pes
elmists and. optimists would f!:ort!y have
data for or against their arguments. Diaz
will not accept aVixth term has been
their cry, echoed by Diaz himself. But
r^w comes th*? news of hi.-i r*»r.om!nati©n,;
oesplte all predictions to the contrary;
Eo for another four yeara the "man of
ircn" will wield the fortunes of Mexico.
A prominent member of the local Mex
ican colony has received a letter from
President Diaz announcing his acceptance
of the Presidential renominatlon. Presi
dent Diaz comments on it thus: "I am
over TO, and would like to let younger
shoulders than mine take the official bur
dens. They will not have it, so I have
consented to another term. I feel as
eound in mind and body as when first I
took the Presidential chair; but I had
hoped to re-tire. I should like to go to
Paris for the exposition; yet it is as im
possible for the Prescient as for the poor
est peon. I am handcuffed to my duties.
However, when I think of the progress of
Mexico 1 am content to forego all else.
If my head or hand can further my coun
try they are hennas long as I have breath
In my body. • • •.*.'
Not a little ink ha? been spilled In the
jire.-s over our Fi«t'er republic and ¦ lta
President. Now Diaz stalks the columns
an a despot and tyrant; now he Is flaunted
before the public as a demigod. Strange
fc:i<l contradictory have been the reports
ar.d hazy Indeed is the idea of the Ameri
ca.", people regarding Mexico.
Tl.e news of Diaz's renominatlon was
retti-.ed r Hi, joy in our Mexican colony.
A number of Mexican 'gentlemen were
asked to t'll the story of Diaz, and the
following t.iis b.*-n.wriUen from the Infor
mation ¦ revel ved from them. It Is authen
tic and throws sidelights on the character
and methor;.- of Diaz.tliat the "Gringo" in
a two weciLS jaunt in Mexico cannot dis
cover. V " '
How did I>laz make the Mexico* of yes
terday into tth Mexico of to-day? Twenty
jears ago Jiexif,, waaa land of brigands,
where loreignerg from distant lands did
r.ot dare to em^r"' anJeta well armed.
Crime existed undhrjeked. There were' few
railways. .'»o mar.ufuctork-s. but one "or
two commercial ertfrpris.es of any mag
nitude. Onljr the minit^. worked indolently
f-r.'l by primitive I'rarthode, funned the
''j'jr>tful riches oX.'tljs country. Officials
:cl>Ltd with fmpu"nit>\ ur.d tue republlo
v.as one only In riame.^
To-day M-exlco has a bvernment which
really is a model 'tfcr otter nations. Th«
brigands hav.j bttn exterrajnated and dis
hoaeaty . among ptiWlc ofltlals checked.
There are liow forty • different railroads
•ar:d the country is a net*rprk of tele
irrii;,ii itnd telephone lines. '.Kvery city
fca« its fiut schooij-v- costly public build
tags; • hospitals; And uaylums, model* of
their- kind. ' ; - -.- ..'• :\: \ \ .
Scarcely a town in Mexico that' does
cot i»oa>L oi modern-nCuter workfc,*»aoueiu
sewtrigt, modern- lighting, modern tran
t'i, modern pn&oas, markets and training
: 'iwenty years ago Mexico produced
bareiy « nough for the requirements of
fcer own people. To-<iay her exports over
baUm.-t ne.r imports. . T#ie export* are
growing at the rate .of $10,003.00J a year;
tiic ;r::;<orts at the rate of ti.OOj.OOO. Thess
Cturti vrovt. ne'r marvelous progress.
In and out of Mexico the credit for all
this wonderful' work is laid at the door
«f one wan— Porlirlu Diaz. In April. U77,
Ijiaz v.aa elected President, and from that
month civil wa.r, rnteri:al strife, national
poverty and <iisgtai:v we're quickly and
surely wiped out to pa.ke room for better
things. Vcr sixty years previous to his
election , Mt-xico b-fl had uninterrupted
•trife. Diaz himself, only obtained th«
Presidency after four yeais of hard flcht-
EVENTFUL LIFE AND NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENTS OF
THE GREATEST STATESMAN AND GENERAL
THAT REPUBLIC HAS EVER' KNOWN.
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
-n IS7I Diaz ran against Juarez for the
residency, and though his friends
c^n.«id that he vasjiilegally counted out,
f-ii- refused to contest the verdict. A
J"*"* 1 " afterward Juadez died, and Diaz at
we l».ad of a militaj-y insurrection again
¦ought the Presidency, but was forced to
4.1 v« way to the Chief Justice, who, ac
cording to the constitution, succeeded to
th«- office. " ' •••
Diaz < ame to the =Unlted States for a
¦bert while and then resolved to return
to Us native countrj-. He finally made
Ms v -;- v ir.to the interior and at the head
Of an army drove "I>Tdo. the President.
Piaz. Jsad\y Mounded. Pireds the Saiile from the Jhoulders of /f ls Men.
ftom the capital*- He was then elected
President.
At orico President Diax showed that he
would brook no half-way measures. - -At
that time Mexico was divided Into a num
ber of small districts, ruled over by' chiefs
called caciques, who were an much the
lords of life and property, in their di«
tricts aa the feudal barons of old. Each
caefque would command at least a* thou
aand armed men, and by several uniting
they were a formidable menace v to the
rnl*r who did nrtt. train th"'*" p««.-«iv«|.
• President Diaz asked every cacique" to
come to the City of" Mexico on a certain
day. With a daring beyond Imagination,
he Informed these' assembled chiefs that
they were practically his prisoners. They
were given the freedom, of the City of
Mexico, but beyond Its borders they. must
not go under penalty of death. "By this
stroke he* brought the caciques under his
watchful eye and masterful thumb. They
found It 'impossible to escape the confines
of the city and muster men for an-insur
rection. .
Further, Diaz demolished the system by
which the caciques flourished. He brcke
the' power of the head men, who managed
the districts while the caciques were per
force absent. Diaz sent .his own men into
the districts with orders to grant the peoi
pie : the requests, which the head :nen
could not possibly give, and naturally tho
people, seeing, the superior power of Diaz,
"lost. all faith in. the others.
History does, not tell of a more cunning
or. successful, way of dealing with a prob
lem. Diaz slmply : "corraled" the ca-
GENERAL PORFIRIO DIAZ THE MAN OF MEXICO
11
Dr. Elliott Coves. the famous ornitholo
gist an.i member of tiid National Academy
of Sciences, who died recently, was long
recognized as the foremost advocate of
brlief in the existence of ghosts. He had
premised several of hi=* friends that, if
nble to do r-'d, he would appear to them
after hi* own der.-'fce, and now they are
waiting with.', rib little interest to see if he
will carry cut the agreement.
"I have myself seen the ghests of a good
many dead persons," paid the doctor to
ti.e writer one day. "I remember one oc
casion when I had just gone to bed. the
litjht uelng turned nut. i was conripo?ins
myself to sleep, when I suddenly became
aware of a presence in the room. The Im
pjresfrion cuveyed to my mind was that it
wns the presence of a certain person lately
fVceaseo, with whom I had been on very
intimate terms; In fact, I felt an overpow
ering sense, of the nearness of the individ
ual in rue-ticn. At about the Fame mo
meut there arose .-.slowly from the floor a
nebulous mas:-r of what looked like shin
lifliE white ¦vaiio.rv v.hich began J to take
eha'pe. as did the smoke from the casket
opened by the fisherman in the Arabian
Nights tale. GraciuaHy it assumed a more
distinct V-itllrie . until it. prestnied a ; rS
diant Image of my friend.' The lips ap
•peared . to.move,- and from them came an
intelligible utterance — a message. In short,
from the departed. I do not care to say
what the 'message was, but I can assure
you that the vision was no dream, and the
nature of the message was such as to
eliminate, to my own satisfaction, at all
events., the theory of. hallucination. What.
then, was this . shape . oi • shining white
vapoF? "Was It a hu-man'soul? It 13 a
question pregnant with much Interest.
"Every afternoon," continued the doc
tor, "at about s'o'clock I'lie down on the
sofa in my library tor a brief rest before
sdousness projected objectively, as It
were, so that my conscious self stands out
In the room and views my body lying on
the lounge. About the latter Is a bright
light, which crows gradually until It has
filled all the room, and my conscious self
finds* Itself surrounded by phantoms, most
of them of persona who appear to be
strangers to me. while others resemble
ncciualntances who nave been long dead.
They seem to walk about and converse
in the ordinary way. although not audibly.
All the time I am clearly aware of the
situation and make useful mental note
r.f whatever I observe, until after a few
brief moments the *pectacte vanishes and
I feel myself on the sofa again. It la, ob
vious. If ghosts exist at all, that they
must be made of something. My belief la
that they arc in a sense substantial and
possess h semi-material structure. If you
JisK what I mean by 'semi-material' I will
refer for illustration to the ether whiclj
Is understood to occupy all space. It has
waies of known lengths and measured
velocity, which =tr!A»« upon the retina off;
the eye and produce impressions of light.
In.short. we knn^r a good deal about this
ether, but noboil*r ever saw a particle off
it. inasmuch us It hds not the molecular
constitution of ordinary matter. It is
semi-material. I have no notion of the
nature of the substance that makes a
ghost, but I suppose that when a man
dies it separates itself from tne grosser
particles that compose his physical organ
ism. The latter decomposes, but the spir
itual part of the . individual does not
necessarily share that fate, being com
posed of liner staff. Of course in a study
of this interesting subject the chief and
obvious difficulty Is to distinguish verit
able apparitions from mere" hallucinations.
We know that the bodily senses are very
easily deceived, and therefore we have to
be on our guard in sifting all the evidence
obtainable." ; : ":;-
MAN OF SCIENCE AND A
BELIEVER IN GHOSTS
•*". If in t\X\* of one of
trim the ereatesf of,
tt Xf the Mexican g<?n
#£V ft erals. The military
y\ career of General
>A Diaz is most romantic
\s| and picturesque, a
career punc tuated
with adventure, ad
• v.-rsity and success.
Even as a youth
Diaz displayed his passion for war. Born
In Oaxaca of an Indian mother and Span
ish father, his early training, through the
death of his father, was left to his Indian
mother. Porfirio Diaz easily ruled his
schoolfellows. While yet a youth he
clerked in an inn. later Riving this up to
prepare for priesthood and abandong idea
to study law.
The invasjon of the country by the
American army under. General Winfield
Eeott gave Diaz an impetus toward mili
tary service, although f> his bitter disap
pointment his company was made a hove
guard. Nothing" daunted in his deslrj for
actual fighting: he joinr-d Herrera In the
successful revolt against Santa Anna. Diaz
fought in this with such 'bravery that he
waa made Jefe of Tehuantepre, an im
portant position for a man of 27 year:-.
. The exigencies? of war shifted the tent
of government to Vera Cruz. In defending
Oa.xaca. his old home, from an attack by
the revolutionists Diaz was L>a:liy wou.-.d
ed. Almost fainting fro:>i loss of bl^otl.
he war carried iipqn tht shoulder* of li.j
BQldiers and continued the direction pi ifce
battle to- a ¦•successful conclusion. .' "[
For thisf Diaz: .w;is Kiven it seat In the
National Assembly. When, General Mar-
Quez threatened the town. Diaz was. made
a brigadier and ordered to take charge of
the defense and destroy the conservative
army. For two months he/stormed the.
town occupied by the enemy, only to meet
with defeat owing to the overwhelming
force of the conservatives. General Diaz,
thanks to his superb, horsemanship; es
caped capture.-
From the landing of the French troops
In 1862 until the execution of Maximilian
Diaz bore the brunt of Ijis country's
struggle. When Pueblo w ! as captured by
the French Diaz refused to give his parole
with the other officers, and, escaping, re-,
organized the army, taking command as
commander in chief.
When the so-called monarchy was re
stored Diaz steadily annoyed the French
troops, avoiding pitched battles and en
deavoring to tire out the invaders. At
Oaxaca Diaz was defeated after a defense
that Is memorable- in the history of
battles.
The final withdrawal of the French
troops and the return of Juarez, the long
exiied President, gave Diaz a moment's
breathing spell before his struggle for the
Presidency began. Of the military tactics
of Diaz it has been said: "His character-,
lstic moves were the night march and
daybreak assault. In all his military
career It was the case that the other man
did not get up quite early enough."
One of the most exciting incidents. In
this life so replete with dangers owed its
successful denouement 'to the courage of
a-' San Franciscan, Mr. Alexander Coney,
•who for years has been .the Mexican Con
sul:' General of this city. At that time Mr/
Coney .was' purser on a ship anchored at
Vera Cruz. -General Diaz had just re
turned to -Vera.' Cruz after a short visit
to the .United States. Hi3 -presence did
hot please the opposition, who feared he
had some new .plan on foot to seize the
Presidency. After their. fashion, they de
termined to make away with Rim.
:'Diaz was pursued .to the water's edge
and to escape capture .plunged in and was;
eeemlngly swallowed by the waves.- An
hour or two -afterward Purser Coney
found . a ¦ dripping • object huddled
under the blankets In his stateroom.'
Diaz told, his .story' and Purser Coney
agreed to hide him aftd do everything
within his power. : Officials were search-.
Ing all the jships in 'the harbor to. make
sure that Diaz was not on board.
Those were anxious . days for P.urser
Coney : and General 'Diaz.' To keep the
fugitive concealed and fed without at--'
tracting attention was a difficult task for
Mr. Coney. There is a stronger bond
than the mere official one existing be
tween Consul Coney, and President Diaz.
President Diaz is . -not a man .who lets a
favor Blip his memory"..
The present .Yaqui trouble has again
•de Mexico a theater of war. But, ac-
Slng to those who ought to know, it
been, grossly exaggerated. "The
dquea out of mischiefs way. It was a den
rerous game, but he held tho winning
cards. One or two of the caciques aro still
alive In the City of Mexico, and, bent with
years, they nre living reminders of this
coup d'etat of Diaz. This corralling of ihe
caciques Is little known, and yet It waa
the most important step toward progress,
for It made way for the unification of tho
¦warring districts into one compact nation.
Since his election to the Presidency, over
twenty years ago, Diaz has fought the
battles in the warfare of commerce
and reform. Before -that he
fought for his ¦ ,
ance, which In reality amount* to very
little."
Diaz says In his letter that h* still feel«
young, and he certainly looks It, for
though his seventy years of
strife, peril and adventure
have silvered his boir.
they have not -*¦»"
clouded his
mind. ><^"^*^
'\^rS^* > He has
' I* 16 robu s t
*&p>sZZ*^ constitution, ac
?^ tlve mind. springy
step and clear eye of a man
of half his years. Tn his clomes
iTc relations Diaz has been singularly
happy. His first wife, the daughter of a
Mexican planter and mother of all
three of his children, died years
a?o. After her death he remained a
Tfiaov/er for many years. In IS^S ho tv l3
married to his present wife. Carmen
Rufclo,' the daughter of the Presl-
dent's fiercest political enemy, Beno»
Romero Rublo. This union established
their friendship and did raor» to
bring: about peace between warring
factions than a dozen revolution*
could have accomplished.
The presidents wife is very
much beloved by all classes.
Beautiful, highly educated and
gracious. Dona Carmelita. as sha
is called, has been wonderfully help
ful to her hu3bu::U in hia social and politi
cal duties. All of the President's children
are married. Hi* eldest daughter. Amada,
is the wife of a Mexican statesman. Senor
Ignacio de la Torre. The youngrest daugh
ter, L,uz, Is married to the nephew of
ooneral Rlncon Gallardo. the Mexican
envoy to Russia. His only son. Captain
Porflrlo Diaz, has had a thorough mili
tary education and inherits hia father's
martial inclinations. The home Ufa of
President Diaz is an Ideal one and can
serve as a model for hia people.
In the history of Mexico the nams of
Pcrfirlo Diaz puts all others Into Insig
nificance. In thf history of the world the
name of Diaz will have hlsrh rank. It Is
a wonderful tale of a wonderful man this
story of Diaz and how he made Mexico.THB SCHffBAY GAX2*
12te 13 to 22
Paw IT to ??
1 UgVAJ Id l\J uL
The San Francisco Call
VOLUME LXXXVII-^O. 132.
SA^T FR^V^CISCO, SUNDAY, APRLL 1, 1900— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ROBERTS LOST ABOUT
TWO HUNDRED TROOPS
Casualties in the Latest Battle WithjL;he
Boers More Numerous Than at
First Reported.
WATCHING
RUSSIAN
ACTIVITY
Spine' Britons Believe
/W^r With Japan Is
Very Neajr.
MIKADO, HOWEVER,; IS
NOT READY F^OR FRAY
To, What Extent England's
Moral Assistance- Can. Be
Given to Turkey Is a
Question That Also
WORKING UiNDER DIFFICULTIES.
The Ecjal Zngiae«rs tiro-Bring a pontoon bridge across the Tugela River, at Pot^ieters Drift, un
der heavj_ ire f roa the Boer guns 03 V 3.&1 Srantz.
LONDON, March 31. — The War Office has posted the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts, -dated at Bloemfontein. March 30. evening:
"Reports point to the: enemy's leaving Brandfort and proceeding in a northerly direc
tion. -The casualties in yesterday's engagement were more numerous than at first reported. :;
Officers killed. 2; wounded.: B. Rank and file killed. 19; wounded. 159'; -missing, 3."
LWUKK*, a;-., l. 4a. in.— Tne ar
OQct isfuec ao further news to
: nifirnt. ar.4 tr- few disratches re;
c«;ve<l Croinltti sdat of war bear
.. - c'idecce r * ha-, -.j? be*r: delayed by
the ; censor. Accordlr.^- to . a . *rw< a i dis
patch from Pretoria.. daM yesterday. Lord
.iidberta • ba* «ocsiaec&ed his advance
r.^rthwarf. / .Tb«l-d'ispatcr. says there are
:daily;«kinrJshes: daily;«kinrJ5hes %bA that a big battle is :
imitvkmmnf This, hcw/ivcr. niay refer to ;
¦thfe'- operations pren«dir:s the erra^ement •
>t;--Ks.re* Siding.' 'wtich ha* a;parent:y
<lear*d the way a* ,w«n as st rnred an ad
"vra-ntagedus position w*jence tlie next, op
<fitions rs*y. r* conducted.
•-.'Tuclter'* division is torn etrorgly occu-
Tytr& the Bo*>r camp tx Kare- Siding.
•u-Ith the way clear to Brtrtfort. -»hich Is
jrfport.ed. already evacuate!.
Ord»*r» have been receiTcd at Cape |
T.»-r. for the eighth divis.-jn to b« dis
embarked and tent north tsasediate-r en
¦''. ,»:^! h«r*:
:Tr.e B'*r lore** :n tee neigrjjornwxi nz
Paird*-k^.rjt.are reported to b* actively er..
pared In marauding and in attempting to
capture British . horses !ef* on *he veld:
CiWlng to their weak condition. 2^ hun
dr.pd Baxkley refugees sent baci.\ frirc
Cape Tows are stranded, the Ktnberley
military authorities refusing assistance tc
sd\ cf th^.m t<> proceed. 4
¦ii^cn i\3.z^r io.oz:n? is reponeu ai jjip
daa. An active campaign is In prcg-tsis
iipon the part of the loyalists of Gipe
QitfffTTT for the annexation of the repuV
Oca an'i the punishment of the colonia.*
who *Tr?<l In the. Boer army. Meeting?
ta : KSpport cf .thii: polio' have bfen hf!d
Jr. mar.y importaiit centers u-d^r the au
spf'^es of the South African League.
Tbe tran^portatjonof the prisoners to
Pt, Helena !s arorislns the anger of the
Eoefs, who threaten to retaliate by s*r.d
lr.? th* ; British prisoners to Koomatipoort.
f«TSted to be the worst fever den in South
cte tncyport sailed from
feout.hampton jesieriay Cor Cape Town
z?A had aa enthusiastic send-eff. .
¦ ?r#"a.ktr.sr at Trowbrldge Saturday even
injr."-Rt- Hoc. •• Walter Hcme Long. 31 P.
fc-r ; *v*st Darby. Llverrxwl. said when the
war irjj ov«r Great Britain should ijave
ittfo*- that the people cf &»u:h Africa, no
matter, what iS*Sr" color, religion ;or poli
tics, ha ve^ual liberty. ¦ Ke could: not say
when the general ejection would take
r-'.ace. fctt'ft would not be until after the
Government hai . c<smpl«ed Its.taik. •'
¦• . -. mm — ¦ ¦ — ¦ :
BLUNDERS OF BRITISH
LEADERS AT SPION KOP
NTX YORK." March 3L— Corresry>ndence
d the Associated. Press rrorr. London,
cai»Ki jiiarcn :». states: An enew present
Xt Spion Kop writes in To-day such a
w^tCtlfng description of the tactics em
ployed In this frsht that the editorial, col
umns of that £-ap*r say: "Napoleon's jhit
t«E omnßMSttur comes to mind: 'Lions led
by asses: and it is nor the asses who paj
the toll/" -_ : ; ; ..._. : .
The efflcer writing the account says in
part: .-¦":.:.", '-f-T':-
first isr'.irsnier of puccess until a man of ability
Is jlaoed in command and iir.til tbe miaor lead
ers are men- of at least, ordinary SnwlM^tnce
and v!j~rr>us. ¦ I do Dot profess to know, for
wfcat special equalities the leaders^ have hitherto
bees chcsen. tut nearly all are men well known
throughout the array for Incapacity, who*? vjtj
names excite derision amen* ail who hare
served ur.d*r them. I not to regimental
officers <cf when I wish: to speak with macli
re?p*ct>. who have little "opportunity of Influ
encing the miner actions cf a battle, but to
these elected, cf fleers who "are either adriscrs or
c^tnrT^nders. :
seme cl tsese cave proyea tcemseives x? oe
e<r=al to their reputation-*.'' som* c-i them have
astonished even -those wh.o knew them best far
theft: utter lack of common ser.se. for weakness
in difficulties, aid eves i=r inability to put in
practice the elementary rules of. war that all
r- idlers have learned In the iower grade* of the
M-rice. This !art failure strikes one the. mere
wh«- we consider that they have all. cr nearly
all, received a high military education at the
Ftar ccllege. many cf them hire even beer
lectur-rs and prcfesscrs. ; .'^?
i am far rrc=i condemnlne military science.
I believe !t to be almost Impossible to find a
rtaeral cr a staff officer capable of performlr-g
fcls duty who has not irtvea years cf study and
tisocght to his profession. Talkers and writers.
*»w»ver. «r» rarely men cf action; and men
«tso are adr-.irafcle In office or as teachers .fail
•trterly when -rr.frontfd with the harsh realities
el'th* batt>f.»li. The *'de«d shot" who can
ju*. cut a car.i.c at twenty yarfis takes a wild
ilm when confronted with an antagonist at
f.fte«^i pace*.
t- r^-% \* 1-z.vr or.* remecy rcr tai» state or ar
fairs. 'All g»Eeral» who Jiave pmved their In
rfftdirj-—and they are as plentiful as the ant
Iteaps vfelcfc cover the South African plains—
ehould »« at ence recalled; the necessities of
the ceutrJT demand it. There te ra difficulty
In dlscbvtrtng them; they are known to every
cue from '.he general Is. cklef to the drummer
bey.
uescrtDJig tne FtKKXng. or a convoy in a
drift, he writes: "
A «-¦=.-.» <>t Indescribable corfnsjoa ecsned:
m*n and . wa«ia» crowded or. each- other and
fcl^k^S all ti* «.vaTabie epace; Kaffin roared
and ehrleked aid 2c%se<J their crea with long
eowfcjd* whip* a a way to make even thc»*
aecu*tc=:*<l to trtk ehudder at theeraelty. bat
a!i «v of e»- tn.l. It had cot occurred to
any cne t» »end to. a wcrklar party -with «a-
Kintttt to trspro've ! th* passage. Thes* mat
ters are prvrided ffcr la military manuals, but
Mr* <!e«ol«*d'in Socia Africa, where owln* to
th* abxnce of roads i£d bridges they ar« core
>rr •-"=» i i—aa i.i »..j\«*^:ie<. cctisrry. All U»
£^r «•£:*. a-- i gtMttJotaoera coJlectM around- tfcs
drift, riviar orders and counter-orders ar.d di
rections and riWlTix in no *m£II iceas-re to the
¦?OEfU*iOS; i' -. V V •
- After hours r>f delay eszl^sera a=i working
ra.r-.te? wp:» a:l>r^th employed and th*y soon
!*vel*«i t£» barltj; placed stones ftr tb* " soit
ian-1 ¦ an.l' /Iraujeirf the wajssj to irr land.
Of the preliminaries to the attack on
Spion Kop. he says: .
Ju*t before' dark th* offl^r comrnandire
• the late GeneraJ 'Wacdsate) was lnromied 1
that he had been! s«!ected to lead a alyht at-"
tack ca BptoD K-op. He had never even s**ti'
the Mil' he .was to attack er heard its r-arne, '
asd no correct, niaps were at fcard. During'the'
few available minutes he mad*" ev^ry . eCort .
to view the rrcusi.- But time did act allow,'
and he had -to crepe his way back to his-own
camp after dark. So pitch fclark was tH»
niyht and so new was he to the place, thz.t
in.". that half mile ie. had lost hir=s«lf com
pletely asd'.'had great . Hi acuity ' in setting
h^^a<. Bst he -wes a' brave naa; he had" re- :
cetved hi* crd?rs and fee allowed no doubt of
success to cross his raicd. Ta these who knew
the rrotmd.. It pr«-«ented a gi-ocmy prt!sp«ct and
threatened ¦ a terrible .. disaster, worse even
thin the or.? which orerwhelmed General Gat
acre. The 'cry was always far zru?re men.
more men, timn the hill was so cVercrowded '
that every bullet and every shell produced de
structlcn. At no time should more thaa'KO
men, at the outside, hare been allowed .ca
the exjicsed rrcund en" tcp of tfcs till. Prob
ably a smaller number would have' sufficed.
The remainder should have been kept- well
hidden behind the slcpe. A ' greater blunder
could not have been mad» .by the most ig
norant private in tbe asm*, but throughout
this war we have never realized- 'that men j
cannot be crowded together without rulai-y ¦
every chance .of success. • ' • •
— • . ;
STEYN'S ALLEGED ORDER
TO SHOOT LOYAL BURGHERS
LONDON. March SL— From Cape Town
it is reported that President Steyn has
gone to Pretoria, after, according 1 to refu
gees, Issu'ns an order that all British
burghers .refusing to Join the Boer army
shall be shot. The stories of refugees,
however, are notoriously unr-eiiabLe.
The news from elsewhere Is meager; the
iast reports from Natal indicating the
speedy clashing of the armies, ¦ •
BURGHERS FOUGHT WELL.
KROONSTAD. O. F. S.. March 39.—
General Smuta to-day engaged the British
at Mafet' Kod. south of Brandfort. and
held them at bay for six- hours. The
burghers fought well. The casualties are"
unknown. The Free State Raad will as
semble &t Kroonstad on April 2.
<-cp_yr.?=t«i, IKC. tr tie Associated Preaa
T ' ONDON, March SL— Russian activ
j ity has been the International fac
: tor- of the week, and diplomatic
j . functionaries, attached to the court
•*—* of St. James are asking themsehres,
""What does it all mean and'wher* will
it end?"
~ne Kussian Embassador sraHea bland
ly and assures his dear- frier.ds that it
means ."nothing-, absolutely. nothing." but
Just .the same speculation is acute. Thert
are many, men cf fair standing ar.d .a
tolerable .knowledge of internal un-ier cur
rents who are willing to say that *rar
between Russia and Japan has- now -c'crr.e
within ' measurable -distance. Of these
Henry. Norman, who has jiisi return?;!
from a trip to Russia. Is or.c. Bn't the
Associated Press learns that n* such view
is' taken by the British Fore:e--i OrnVr.
which during- the recent tnrabkms tim^
has s'.ztd up the international situation
with wonderful correctness.
The next few weeks may, perhaps. brln<
up a tremendous war. scare, but the fa
lient fact remains that Japan is not reafiy
for hostilities. 'Alarming telegram*, from
the Far East may Increase and muitlp.y
and Korea may seem to be- en' the verse
of-s.RC«iaUon by Russia, tuVtr* cairn of
Downing street Is not likely to be dis
turbed.
Korean matters nave. cx?en arranged by
treaty and Lord Salisbury does no; be
lieve that Russia intends to break the
treaties, though her relations with Japan
may become strained to a serious point.
If all this rumpus in the .Far East had
been postponed for another year there id
scarcely any doubt that war would be a
serious probability, but those having any
intimate knowledge of Japan's far-reach
ing naval projects and her recent state
of incompleteness do not hesitate to say
that Japan is not going to risk anything
until her plans are matured.
Japanese naval maneuvers in the com
ing fall are to be carried out on an un
precedented scale and will partake mere
of the nature of a demonstration than cf
peaceful evolutions. Forty or more War
vessels are expected to be present in Jap
anese waters. The mcral effect of such
an ar^reratlon upon Far Eastern ques
tions Is causing ro little comment.
as iar as oreai ¦tsn^ain is concerned.
Russia's military, rather than naval ac
tivity, is chiefly interesting, though the
press Is not yet allowed to take up its
cue In this matter. The Foreign Office,
while only faintly interested in Korea, be
ing practically sure that no serious trou
ble wil! result there, is devoting careful
investigation to the warlike preparations
occurring In South Russia.
There seems' no longer to be any doubt
that Turkey, for her tardiness to meet the
Russian demands regarding railway con
cessions, is being menaced by her .north
ern neighbor; and many signs point to the
fact that Russia intends to settle herself
In the northeast of Asia Minor, uniesa
Turkey gives In. Already a quarter of a
million of Russian trocps are maintained
on those borders, while the Black ¦ Sea
squadron is ready for business, at a mo
ment's notice.
. 10 wr.ai cTcteni aritisa moral -assistance
can be given to Turkey !n withstanding
the Russion" dfmar.ds Is a question which
at the present moment Is occupying Lord
Salisbury's .attention to an even greater
extent than the South African ¦wax-. In
.view of the troubles of Great Britain in
South Africa, it is mere than probable
that Turkey will meet" the demands and
that the Russian troops will be wlth-
me scare anent Russian troops concen
trating In Afghanistan apparently arose
¦from this movement in the direction of
Turkey In Asia Minor, and Afghanistan
has passed into the categ-ory of peaceful,
uninteresting spheres.
With all these reports, to say nothing of
continued rumors of Bulgaria's desire to
throw off Turkey's suzerainty and become
a vassal .of the Czar, It is evident that
while Russia Is observing in the latter her
promise to England not to Interfere In
South Africa, she is not Idle in taking ad
vantage of opportunities* in every quarter
of the globe. For the peace of the world,
it is reassuring to remember that the fixed
policy of Russia for years has been to
take matters almost to the point' of hos
tilities and then to settle diplomatically,
the only exception cf this in modern times
being the Crimea, when the tone of the
peace party In England led her to believe
that the country would not interfere.
ROBERTS REPORTS THE
DEATH OF COL GOUGH
LONDON-! March 3L— Lord Roberts re
ports the death at Norvals Pont on Wed
nesday. March 2S. of Colonel the Hon.
George Hugh Goush. C. B.
Colonel Goush had been private s«ecre
•tary to the coniniander-in-chlef of the
:Britlsh forces. Lord W'olseley, since 1537.
He was born In County Tlpperary, Ire
land, Jaly 25, 1532, .and was tne second
son of the. late [second Viscount Gou^h.
He joined the Fourteenth Hussars In ISTI.
passed throug-h the staff colleee In ISS3.
commanded mounted Infantry, Soudan
campaign, ISS4-S5. and commanded the
: Fourteenth Hussars In IS3I-SS.
VICTORIA READY FOR
JOURNEY TO IRELAND
Elaborate Arrangements Include the
Sending of a Vast Array of Pots
; and Pans to Dublin.
Latest Portrait of the Queen and Her Great-urandchildren in
i2X»n at Ka.;a:»r oy ±i. iii.ne ::r tne spr.sre
me snree pictures or npr i-ajesiy mown aoovp -writs tness? or ser creat-grar.ac^idren — frinee Ldwarc er Terse, a
prospective successor of the Queen: his brother. Prince Albert, and his little ais:er, Princes 3 Victoria— are especially
Interesting at this time— clie. eve of .the Queen's fourth visit to Ireland.
The uppor picture on the httt is from a portrait cf the Queen about the time cf her marriage In Utt. The. one
on tfee right =hovrs her a? she was at the time o* her last visit, to the- Emerald Isle in August. ivG. en which occasion
she was accompanied by the Prince Consort, who died seine two years later. H*r Majesty had made twp previous visits
to Ireland. The first in IS-4D, twelve years after she ascended the throne; the second four years later, in liS3. when she
made a more extended stay. On each occasion her every appearance in public was erected by the greatest enthusiasm
on the part cf the people. And the entire absence of anything; of an unfriendly nature at once gave jjreat pleasure ta
the roots Queen, and reSected credit on the manhood and chivalry for which Ireland has always been famous."
LOXDOX. March 31. — The Life Guards, couriers, carriages, pots and pans and other royal
paraphernalia have already gone to the Emerald Isle, which eagerly waits for Queen Vic
toria to follow. How Her Majesty will be received and the prospects of her doings in Dub
lin have quite overshadowed all other topics, even in a week which has been marked by the an
nual inter- varsity boat race, the resignation of the Duke of Norfolk as Postmaster General, the
announcement of the Delagoa Bay Railroad -award, and the rumors of possible war in the Far
East. Great Britain's own war in South; Africa has almost been forgotten; so uninteresting has
been the progress of peace in the Orange Free State compared with the stirring accounts of bat
tles which the British people had grown accustomed .to read daily. ¦ ' '
ihe Oueen is said to oe m excellent health and well. able to bear the strain of the trip to
Ireland. She commences her journey April 2 and sleeps on board the royal yacht Victoria and
Albert, landing at Kingstown April 4. In anticipation of her Majesty's . progress . through the
city the streets of Dublin are already gay with flags and decorations. .
.: A "curious teature ot the preparations at the viceregal Lodge, where the yueen will stay,
are the pots and pans already referred to. Her Majesty is* tremendously particular about her
kitchen arrangements, and those at the Viceregal Lodge were found to be quite below the
royal -standard. Consequently no less, than 300 copper fricaudeau pans, eighty-four saucepans,
fifty .copper stock pots and many other varieties of cooking utensils have been sent to Dublin
especially ior the visit. ;- : . . :-:-:-. = ..:. . . • ¦¦••".
.• • Ihe t-arl 01 Denbigh, who goes to Ireland as cruet 01 the royal entourage and lord-m-wait
insr, holds three Irish titles and was formerly aidrde-caihp to the Lord Lieutenant.
i-iowever, though the yueen 15 said to. be lull ot excitement and enthusiasm m regard to her
approaching visit, she is not forgetful of South Africa. A story is going the rounds that the
Queen remarked that she was aware many people imagined her anxiety about the war would
cause her death. ''I may die." added her Majesty, "but it will be from some other cause. I do
not mean to let Mr. Kruger kill me." ' ;¦ \
VALOR OF RAW TROOPS
IN TAKING THE KOPJES
BLOEiif o>it-i>. Jiarcn sl — me ±*ocr
position yesterday wa3 one of great nat
ural strength. Only the turning movement
of General French and Major Le Gallais.
the latter commander of the mounted in
fantry, oa either flank Insured the British
success.
The shape of the kopjes was irregular.
The Boers" right flank consisted ot a long
hill with wooded sides, connected with the
main position by a long, low ridge,, thick
ly wooded. The rest of the position, to
ward the left, consisted of broken kopjes,'
ail connected by a high ridge.
Major Le Gallais moved around the
Boers" left and engaged them, first freely
using his Vickers-Maxlms . and gradually
forcing the Boers toward the center,
where thfey made a good stand.
Major Le Gallais was unable to move
until late- in the day. while General French
moved early. The latter made a wide de
tour toward the rear of the" Boers, but
was unable to complete the movement be
fore the Boers perceived this Intention and
abandoned the position. They retired la
good order between General French and
Major Le Gallais. where the main body of
the Boers-, with four guns, held an excel
lent position on the edge of a deep donga,
whence they shelled General French.
i.ne lniantry attacK w-as ceijTered at
midday, when the Norfolks opened the
fight by seizing the lower slopes of aa
ugly kopje. Steadily they worked their
way to the crest of the hill, where a hot
engagement ensued. The Lincolnshires
occupied the hill on the right, protecting
the Eighteenth Battery, which dragged its
guns up the hill with the greatest difil
culty and opened a heavy fire at close
range. ...•-;.
Meanwhile the City Imperials. ¦ getting
in touch with the Boers, the remainder of
inker's division advanced across a semi
circular basin, through which a railway
ran. It was very open ground, and the
Boers, from the detached kopje and ridge^
delivered a heavy fire. In spites of thi3.
however, the- British moved on steadily,
as' if oh parade. The advance was pro
tected by guns which vtgorotxsty shelled
the Boer positions. About 4 o'clock the
British advanced simultaneously and- oc
cupied the Boers' position^ from which an
excellent view could "be had of Brandfort,
fifteen miles distant across the open plain.
The Boer loss Is unknown.
KIPLING HONORS JOUBERT.
BLOEILFO.nt.ei>,. iiarca 33.— ueneraj
Lord Roberts has sent a telesrain of con
dolence to President Kinder oa the death
of General Joubert. Rudyard Kipling has
written a poem ca Joabert's death, which
appears in the Friend of the Free State.
DEMOCRATS MAY TRY
TO ABDUCT FINLEY
IXDIAXAPOLIS. Ind.. March 31.-1* • i
believed by prominent Republicans that
Kentucky. Democrats are here waltfcig a
favorable opportunity .to. take Charles P.
Ftaley, ex-Secretary of State of Kentucky,
a&d carry him to Kert.ucky. to-be tried for
complicity in she GoeSel •
Flnley is known to- . be fa ¦ concealment
here. Ottos at the residence of the Sheriff,
a part of the Co'^n'y Jail here. The Ke-
PGbHcans say any such effort will be re
sisted, anfi 1* the two factions n»<>t ther»
wiU undoubtedly N? b!ocd3hed In this city.
Mercury Changes Hands.
SA-Ni ..juez.. '- Ai4fca si. — Aimot:se«rmj?3t
will be ntaie- tomorrow - morals^ of a
Chaste 'te."t!se. ownership of- the r*allv
Mercury. C. M. Wqosterlias sold Ula'. hold
bigs to' Alfred Kolntan and H. A. da
Laeey ftas pcrrtaj^d the Interest of. W.
H. Wright and S. I*. Sanders. Their chsi
tined holdings ae^reKat* C 2 3har»3 cue
q* a total ef ?~ l«3U*»<i; There irtll be nr»
change la -rise editorial or^an'zaitoo. Mr.
de Lacy will' sxicceed Mr. Wocster ta, Uie
Prisoners for St. Helena
CA-PE tuw. >. . iiarcn 3L— Th« Sr*%
batch of prisoners started to-day Cor at.
Heleca. . -Death of a Centenarian.
SANTA ROSA. March 31.— Mrs. Sarah
Ducker, said to be aged 100 years, died
this evening in this city. The old lady
came to California from Missouri in the
early fifties and has lived nearly all the
time in tills country. Despite her great
a«e until the past nve years she enjoyed
fairly good health. Her husband died
pome 3-ears ago. She leaves several
grown children. She was .a native of
Alabama.
Chinese Junks Seized.
SAN DIEGO, March 3L— A private dis
patch received in this city from Ensenada
Lower California, says that the Mexican
gnnboat Democrata has arrived at that
port having in tow the Junk Hongkong
and two other small vessels, all hailing
from San Diego: . which were seized on
charges of poaching guano at Quadaloupo
Island.
Hurby Dismissed.
Fp*c',Bl D-qx-trfa'fOi The Call.
WOODLAND. March 31.— The case of
James A. Hurby, charged by Dr. Blem
rtiT. State Veterinary, with violating the
quarantine law. after ppveral postpone
ments, curr.p to trial b^for* Judc Rug
rl*>s this morning. Aft^r hf-arinsj the evi
dence for the prosecution. Judge Ruggles
dismissed the case.
Dentist's Office Rbbbed.
PETAU.'MA, March Zl.—The office of
Dr. C. O. 'Perkins, !n this city, was en
tered farly this morning by burglars and
a lstrfrft amount of dentists' goTd taken.
Other valuable articles wnre overlooked.
Hur'ng the past week two dentists In
Santa P.osa have been robbed and it is
thought hf-re by the same parties.
PRINTERS MAY STRIKE.
National Typothetae Making, a Fight
Against the TJnibn.
IXDIAXAPOLIS, March 31.— A general
strike of union printers employed by mem
¦bers of the National Typothetae^may be
ordered as a result of a meeting of the
executive board in Chicago on Tuesday,
.when seven of the nine board members
voted to levy ah assessment of $50,000 for
the purpose of . carrying on the fight
against the union printers in Kansas City
Mo. The executive council of the Inter
national Typographical Union, now in ses
sion in this city. Is considering the de
fiant attitude of the Typothetae. Mr.
Donnelly said to-day that his organiza
tion was prepared to fight.
Death of Mrs. Taylor.
Sp*Kjlal Dispatch to The Call
MARTSVILLE, March 31.— Mrs. Cathe
rine Taylor, a pioneer resident of this
county', died at the home of her daughter
Mrs. Charles Cobb, in Linda Township
last night, aged 80 years. Two sons, prom
inent residents of Meridian, Sutter Coun
ty, and two married daughters survive
her.
Will Issue Bonds.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
MODESTO, March 31.— At an election
held in the Modesto High School District
to-day upon the question of Issuing bonds
In the sum of $20,000 for the purpose of
erecting and furnishing a high school
building, the proposition was carried by a
vote of 323 to 48.
A WRECK IN
MEXICO COSTS
MANY LIVES
Twenty-Two Passengers Are
Killed and Many Others
Injured.
V
Crews of Both Trains Leave the
Country to Avoid Arrest and
Long Terms of Im
prisonment.
Bxtecial Dispatch to T_t» Call.
TOLUCA, Mexico. March 3L— A passen
ger train was run into by a freight train
on the Mexican National Railroad near
this place. The freight engine was a
heavy mountain locomotive and com
pletely demolished the coaches and pas
6enger train.
An American telegraph lineman and a
third-class passenger and twenty first
class passengers were killed. Engi
neer Frank Smith of the passenger train
was thrown through a cab window and
received serious cuts on the face and
body. Engineer James Fippe of the
freight train was badly bruised. Fireman
Mike Higglns' leg was broken and his
shoulder dislocated.
Members of the crews of both trains
who were able to leave have made their
e» -ape to avoid arrest and long imprison
ment by the Mexican authorities without
trial on a charge of being responsible for
the accident^ •
SUCCESS OF FRUIT
ASSOCIATION ASSURED
Vice President Henry States That
Seventy-Five Per Cent of the
Growers Have Signed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN^JOSE. March 31.— The California
Cured Fruit Association is a grand success
and will control the output of this year's
prune crop. Such is the glorious news for
the prunegrowers given out this evening
by Vice President J. H. Henry. The 75 .per
cent necessary to make the association
active has been secured, and it is expected
that at least 15 per cent more of the prune
acreage will have been signed before the
crop is ripe. This means that the handling
of the prune crop will be taken out of the
hands of Eastern speculators, and the
fruit men may fix a fair price for the
product. : :"•
Vice President Henry states that the
California Cured Fruit Association has
now under its control 31,000 acres of
prunes, which, estimating one and a quar
ter tons of cured fruit to the acre, gives
It control of 35.775 tons, or 77,735,000 pounds
COMMISSIONER
PECK FLOODED
WITH PROTESTS
Urged to Close the American
Exhibits at Paris on
Sundays.
Should the Petitions From His Coun
trymen Be Heeded the French
Government Would Be
Offended.
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, March 31.— The important ques
tion whether the American and British
Eections of the exposition shall be open
on Sundays loomed up this week, engag
ing the serious attention of both the
American and British Commissioners,
upon whom pressure is being brought to
bear by. sections of their respective coun
trymen to close their exhibits. United
States Commissioner General Peck's mail
has l>K£tught a big batch of protests on this
subject, based Chiefly upon re'igious scru
ples, and the Commissioner Unds himself
upon the horns of a dilemma, as the closure
of the American section on what will be
the most popular visiting day of the week
certainly will not meet with favor from
Frenchmen. The situation was »different
in the case of the Chicago World's Fair,
whon the United States, in its own house,
could do as it pleased; but here both the
American and the British commissions
feel that they are in the position of guest 3
and are expected to conform to the cus
toms of the country. ' The British Com
mission has received an official Intimation
from its Government to go a? far as pos
sible toward conciliating the' religious
feeling on the subject; The American
Commissioner Intends to close the bureau
on the Sabbath, and Commissioner Gen
eral Peck will consult with the French
autnor'ities with a view of coming to some
arrangement which will reconcile the sus
ceptibilities of his own .countrymen with
the French expectations and. with the cus
tom here, which makes Sunday a public
holiday. •.¦ -•?.'- *v
A representative of the Associated Press
saw the French exposition authorities In
regard to the question' of closing.. the
American section on the Sabbath and was
told on behalf, of Commissioner General
Peck that the United States would be
quite within itB rights In closing its ex
hibits, but that It would be regarded as a
very unfortunate decision. Sunday, he
was Informed; • was' always the greatest
day of the' week here, and the shutting
of the American buildings would debar
hundreds of thousands from viewing what
would undoubtedly be- one of the. most In
teresting and important exhibits. . •
United States Embassador Porter went
through the American section on Thurs
day in order to see for himself the exact
position of affairs, and he afterward ex
preesed himself as extremely satisfied
with the state of progress as compared
with the representations of othercountries.
He found that the only delay now aris
ing Is due to the tardiness of the French
railroad companies in forwarding the ex
hibits. He heard nothing but praise from
Frenchmen regarding the architectural
features of the American buildings.
COMMANDANT LOUIS BOTHA, Who Succeeds the Late
General Joubert as Commander-in-Lhief of the
Boer Forces. ' :
PORTO RICO
NOW REGRETS
ANNEXATION
Hatred of the United States
Is Growing on the
Island.
. . ' — ¦? ¦ .
Residents Declare They Fared Better
Under Spanish Rule Than
Under That of Uncle
Sam.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MAYAGUEZ, Porto Rico, March 21.—
Bitterness is vague in its expression, but
it exists as a grievance against the great
American nation. Everybody feels that
the island has been made to suffer by its
newly formed connection with the United
States.
I noticed in all towns the Spanish flag
flying. Sometimes there would be one,
sometimes three or four. I asked if the
continuance of the custom had any sig
nificance. Usually the reply was that the
Spaniards were no more hostile to the
Government now over them than are the
Porto Ricans, while they are less open
in making it known.
I shall hesitate to place too much stress
on passing observations regarding this
hostile or anti-American sentiment were
it not confirmed by something besides
passing observations. The undercurrents
are strongly anti-American and political
manifestations are only ripples on the
surface. Said one of the officials whose
duties for a yfear past have kept him in
close touch with th« country people:
"All Americans who are here or come
here are well fed and comfortable. The
vast majority of the Inhabitants of this
Island are neither. They thought wheu
we took Porto Rico that they would be
come . as comfortable as we appear to
them. But they are having a harder time
than they hacl under Spain. Even before
the hurricane came they were worse off
and were beginning to hate us.' The anti-
American feeling is just as strong In the
country as it Is in the town."
Trade is In a bad way, but Felipe Cue
bas believes that after a time American
merchants will find an increasing market
for cotton goods, shoes and provisions and
foodstuffs generally. He said there would
be a chance for California wines to re
place those of Spain. That might compen
sate California for a possible increase in
the cargoes of oranges- that may leave
Mayaguez.
The anti-American feeling, among the
commercial classes is intense. A few con
servative merchants and sugar planters
are trying, to moderate it, in the belief
that Congressional legislation will not be
hostile.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, March 31.— 1n
an interview to-day Governor General
Davis said: ¦-:*. ... . ;,
"I have not felt it proper for me to dis
cuss Congressional matters, ' filling, as I
do, an executive position, i I have express
ed my views fully, however, on Porto
Rico's needs, and I might say if Congress
should adopt free trade the receipts of the
Custom-houses would naturally cease. Ono
million five hundred thousand dollars has
been collected during the fiscal year and
with free trade this will fall off. What
then will run the island? i
"Although I have received no official
advices regarding an appropriation, I un
derstand through the newspapers, that an
appropriation was decided upon and I in
fer that this appropriation will be spent
on insular government expenses. If free
trade is adopted I cannot see how the
necessary funds for conducting the affairs
of the island are to be raised by myself or
those who succeed me. Two million dol
lars are the present expenses and this
amount will be needed annually. There is
only a small revenue in-coming from
stamps, liquors, tobacco and mercantile
licenses and it is impossible to collect
taxes because of the conditions."
DELAGOA BIT
AWARD ANGERS
GREAT BRITAIN
PARIS CABINET
BARELY SAVED
FROM DEFEAT
Does Net Put Portugal Into
; the Power of Lord
Salisbury.;
Lisben Govercment Enabled to Pay
..the Sraall Indemnity "Without
.. : ";:\V'-_^ving.;toSeirOut- ; .tp:;-. : : .:
-¦•'¦¦¦'¦'/.• ' ¦ __a_r___ddLT'i'-'-:i^"-:' : '-"i r 7/.:,v'
'-.; O-.pyn.g*t^d. - li<*.:.pt] the Associated Press.
LONDON". March __.^As a nation and
as Individuals the. British are very wroth
« ver . the. Delasoa.. Bay * Railway
The' average opihion is ; that this. is merely,
the latest .-ir_s'ia.:.ice .wt.crt .the /country has
tot the worst criid by trusting .to arbiira
tion. : All. the higb-fiowri i>ropiu-cies that
en ..Anglo-German secret African agi-ee
xneiH -would become operative, through the
fiicc_*to''-:l^^V^^iailea.t^]t : "-b«?i»OM] lhe
eward Just maa.e.iigai!..-irl'ortugai is stf
tn-.all that -she is anijoy aple.io pay.it her
fceit. without; giving ;t-iUi-er. party to .the
tecr^t egTwcnient ¦ an- opiJortiiriHy : -jo .-• bia.
for L»£_ag..»a iiay; Thu.t ttus would occur
was fikfihutly ttaied; some' days ag» in
these riis^at« v r.es.:butri?htu;*io tlie la*t
ie«r*i^i*otft&v-_JK_rt;-/tpwtttl*i : iors_4_«
eeeint-d to . be almost. sur« that Portugal
¦vwouid jaeobligtai to sell, "!>«;» jrO4 Hay to
<ireat Britain th order. to pay: up. . As a
retult <;f this con.li-fc'rice'lJClagoa Railway
debeiiturjeavweat up to 122 and s=h_,res of
the coißpatry to £7. sterling. After the a_
nounc>me:it.ibf .the decisioi! the debentures
went down la>; -wniiti : iharcs could be
totigbi fur _s Od. or prar. ically nothing,
as it- was. tvidtnf that; the award pro
vided scarcely anything- to roiike them
food. -After .this imnenoous vdrop . It will
be a l<-,r.g tinie b< f>Te th- t.'ity looks fa
ronbiyon arbitration. propibsaJa. . • :..
Hex." Sir: Bheldoo'i :s-.-ue «t the Topeka
Capital; _srel>uf'.:sh.-<i here, meets more
rioicule than anythii.? else. The following
oqg?meiat.-Jby > the: Globe on the enterprise
ipa fair Bpecixnent ,'/.v ¦ ¦•¦¦ '-. r'v
¦'•Th'- .-'jfourr.-J .js. vory like an ordinary-
American r.f» spaper, only -duller. '.. lt will
;>. an . vif Jay whejj; thf- hysterical ruo
l.:t-!v wKiih. jx-'p'-s as rt-Ueion in. America,
and; to v .;•>>« r. <\> -<¦¦'- m< England, ever
has a larre ff-l.lowi iig* '''-;¦ "¦ .' -. :,-.¦-•;• . ¦ -•. •
The publication of -fiiPpatrh^s rr-latin-: to
th^;.«^St!ori : <sf the -naval brigaces with Gen
<rals: Mettcaen 4nd Btrtler, .give an txc^l-
lent-cldea.l of ith*- • ;*r'lef:.tsid work accom
pU«b«(3 by th*-/>-a!l'irp>:and among- those
tingled. out^Cori toe ¦'distinction of "being
•mTntiom-d ia dlnp-tcfae-"; :.« an American
l..yr,* ¦:. Midshipman W. W. Sillem. who
was born in 6j_n% Francisco and whose
mother '.f. now ih* tvif.- of the^ English
\\<-^ adfl_lftil.".Bichaf'i< '. Minahan. }3> is
tB«~B.oa of. the lat* William Sillem.of San
Fra'K-i-^o. a "forty~niri*T." and nephew
vr the ¦.I_.tf U<-n -All Haptrin of New York.
The ••.Official reixirt of the battle of JBel-
Tiior.t r;ji>; .:*... ' '¦'. • ¦..•¦.:.
SKJ^-m also charged to the
top of the MM. ea'llantly leading his men,
aii th* tim«- ur:<i«-r a; .very h>avv fire and
is .deservii.g of BpeclaJ mention/
Waldeck - Rousseau's Cun
ning Prevents a Vpte of
Non-Confidence.
Opposition Plans Another Attack
Which May Porce the Retire
ment of the Present
Ministry.
CowTiKbted. jsoo, by the Associated Press.
. PARIS, March 31.— The political inter
est of the week centered around the- de
bate in the Chamber of Deputies on the
interpellation regarding the troubles in
the island of Martinique, In which the
Government, after successfully repelling
last week's assaults, had one of the nar
roweEt escapes in its experience. The
Rightists and many members of the Left
had evidently resolved to unite in a vote
against the Government, which in that
case would have been lost; but M. Wal
deck-Rousseau. the Premier, in a skillful
speech, brought forth a maladroit inter
vention from his adversary, M. Ribot,
who treated the Government as anti
republican because It depended for its
existence on the support of the Socialists.
This changed the question from that of
the responsibilities for the Martinique
troubles to a denunciation of socialism,
and the section of socialists which intend
ed to oppose the Government changed
face and rallied around the Ministry,
which action secured for the Government
a majority of over forty votes.
Ministry in Further Danger.
The character of the debate, however,
had the result of shaking confidence in
the position of the Waldeck-Rousseau
Cabinet and the air since has been full of
rumors of artother determined attack by
the opposition, which, if successful, will
bring M. Sarien into power as Premier of
a moderate radical Ministry.
The speech of M. Millerand, Minister of
Commerce and Industry, at the inaugura
tion of the exposition is looked forward
to with the keenest interest, as the oppo
sition exptcts him to introduce some un
called for *-xiir*£sion of socialistic princi
ples which wiil pive them a lever for a
strong effort to overthrow the whole Cabi
net.
An interesting little Franco-American
demonstration took place this week in the
town of Vendomc, which forms a further
indication of the way the wind blows here
in favor of America. Vendome is the home
of th<; Rochambcau family, and a sub
scription was recently raised — to which
Embassador Porter and the members of
the American Embassy were invited to
contribute — for the erection of a monu
ment to the Marquis de Rqchambeau. The
rirst stone was laid early in the- week and
its laying was made the occasion of a
local fete. The stars and stripes were
flown and a message of fraternity was
sf-nt to President McKinley. The commit
tee to-day was delighted to receive a
charming reply, saying the President was
det-plv touched by the sentiments of cor
dial fraternity for the United States
which the committee expressed on the oc
casion of the foundation of a monument
to "one of the most illustrious of those
generous Frenchmen whose names live in
the hearts of all Americans."
Lafayette Monument Dedication.
It is now settled that Archbishop Ire
land will deliver the dedicatory address at
the unveiling of the Lafayette monument
en July 4. The address will be spoken in
French and will be non-religious in char
acter. Embassador Porter will act as
president and the other American Embas
padors in Europe as vice presidents. Com
missioner General Peck will make the ad
drr-sp of presentation to France; Frank
J. Thompson, secretary of the Lafayette
monument committee to the exposition,
will speak on behalf of the school chil
dren, and the monument will be unveiled
by forty-seven American girls, who will
pull tricolored cords.
The French Society of La Sabretacho,
which Is composed mainly of well known
artists and litterateurs, has raised a sub
scription to erect a monument to the
Fr«'nch soldiers who fell at Waterloo, to
be placed upon the battlefield. The design
of the monument is very striking. It rep
resents on the summit of a pyramid a gi
gantic eagle at bay, one claw clutching
the staff of a standard to which still ad
here shreds of a flag. The bird, with a
broken wing, stands facing the enemy.
The other claw is raised menacingly and
the beak is ready to strike a dying blow.
The monument Is the work of G«rome.
Embassador Porter denies emphatically
th*» report published in America that his
daughter Is engaged to be married to a
French Duke, and adds that she has never
either seen or heard of the gentleman
mentioned.
LONDON PARIS BERLIN
REICHSTAG YET
WRESTLING WITH
THE MEAT BILL
Berlin Government Believes
a Compromise Will Be
Effected.
Lei Heinze Allowed to Die a Natural
Death After Having Caused
Acrimonious Dis
cussion.
Copyright*_ v 1900, by the Associate Press.
BERLIN. March 31.— The various legis
lative bodies here have now adjourned un
til the end of April. From the discussions
before the Reichstag Budget Committee,
it is plain that the Government does not
deem It likely that the special taxes will
cover the expense of the fleet. An in
crease Is necessary.
The Lex Heinze probably will not be
again taken up, but will be allowed to fall
Into oblivion.
Compromise negotiations are constantly
occurring about the meat bill between the
Government and the Agrarians. The Gov
ernment believes the negotiations will end
successfully, the Agrarians dropping their
demands for the exclusion of sausages and
canned goods. The Agrarian Council,
however, has just passed a resolution to
reject such a compromise.
An interpellation, eigned by 130 conserva
tives in the Diet and aimed against Prince
Hohenlohe, is to come up in the Diet after
the Easter holidays. The Government, in
the meanwhile, hopes a compromise will
be effected and that thereby an Interpella
tion will be unnecessary.
A bill has reached the Reichstag against
the spread of epidemics, those mentioned
being the pest, smallpox, cholera, typhU3
and yellow fever.-
Beciprocity With America.
In view of the publication here of several
special dispatches saying Germany has
appointed delegates to a commission,
which President McKinley recommended
to adjust the economic differences be
tween Germany and the United States, In
quiries were made by the correspondent of
the Associated Press. The Foreign Office
officials said they knew nothing about the
appointment of delegates and United
States Embassador White said the same.
The Foreign Office, in addition, pointed
out that In any case the difficulties
against accomplishing the objects men
tioned originated in America and not in
Germany, Germany having, after giving
a satisfactory reply to the United States'
req.upst for the maintenance of the "open
door" policy in China, thus showing her
good will toward the United States, has
several times broached the subject of
America reciprocating by granting similar
concessions in trade with the Philippines.
This matter has been under dlscussioin
though informally, both In Berlin and
Washington.
The American answer has been that
tariff matters are not yet regulated in
the Philippines and must await the proper
time. Besides, the American argument is
that if reciprocity be seriously considered
the.inslgnlncant trade with German Kiao
chau cannot be compared with the enor
mous volume of trade with the Philip
pines, and American would at least ex
pect Germany to throw open not only
Kiaochau but all her colonies to America.
Berlin Social Affairs.
Prince Hohenlohe's elghty-nrßt birth
day was celebrated to-day in the usual
way. Flags were displayed and at the
banquet Emperor William personally con
gratulated the Chancellor, and sent him
a handsome present.
The British Embassador, Sir Frank C.
Lascelles. gave a big soiree to-night.
About 500 invitations were issued. United
States Embaefsador White and Mrs. White
were included.
The Russian Embassador, Count yon
Osten-Sacken, is to give a big dinner on
Wednesday next, which the Emperor will
attend.
The Berlin municipality has appointed
Frauleln yon Karlowka of Berlin to be
chief horticulturist.
All the private postal companies will
be abolished to-morrow and the imperial
post will take their place throughout the
empire, one private Berlin postal com
pany alone receiving a million in dam
ages. Simultaneously the postage will be
reduced for local postcards to V* cent and
for local letters to 1 cent, including all
the suburbs.
An unveiling of a Bismarck statue oc
curred to-day at Mannheim. The Grand
Duke of Barien was present.
_KllW^- I Vl \jß yen apt to arise. Heart disease
' jH*fo*.^4/C / I'ffl'v InnfTflCC I Co.' may be consulted
IS • ISg "* </ I UULIUhj I by. letter or In person.
3 %i • ' 4 ' » Write your symptom*.
-, JS. Mi SEND FOR CIRCULARS
~~ == *4£y f®_ AND TESTIMONIALS OF
•^ '- THE GREAT HUD VAN
/ -X . . FREE.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure." One .flows will stop
a cou#_. Never falls. Try It, AU dxueglats. •
BRYAN AT YAKIMA.
Orator's Voice Was So Hoarse That
He Could Hardly Speak.
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash., March 31.—
Hon. W. J. Bryan spoke here this after
noon to 3500 people. His speech was main
ly on the Income tax, silver, trusts, mili
tarism and imperialism. He said that free
coinage was still a living issue. He de
nounced the Republican party for foisting
the gold standard on the country after
pretending to be In favor of international
bimetallism. As a remedy for the trust
evil he proposed no corporation should
be permitted to do business outside of a
State in which it is organized without a
Federal license. He would go further and
deny a license to any corporation attempt
lug to secure a monopoly.
A banquet was given Mr. Bryan at the
Yakima Hotel to-night. Speeches were
made by Governor Rogers, Senator Tur
ner, ex-Congressman Jones and Attorney
General Vance. After a hard day's cam
paign Mr. Bryan was so hoarse to-night
that he could scarcely speak.
Death of Dwight W. Keyes.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., March 3L— Dwight
W. Keyea, first assistant freight agent o.
the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Rail
road and one of the best known railroad
officials in the Northwest, died to-night
from heart trouble. He was 70 years of
age, ' ¦ .
MOORE & SIMOTT'S
GIBSON
SfS' RYE
IN CASES OR BULK.
* ___________
Tb« finest P-r« Mononjc_h"la Rt» Wklikr,
4^tlUed t y the Otbsonton Mills oa th* Venon-
g»fcel_, Rlt«t. MOOItE <_ 6IKNOTT, : Proprl—
¦ ¦ - v * ' Bb____?___l * *
CRi— IX-E3P MTTINTJCKK A CO.. .-
- SflU Agnr.tm. . _14 Eaci. :nrn to Street, B. F.
ALL OF OUR CERTIFICATE
HOLDERS HAVE MADE MONEY.
WHY NOT YOU?
MAT BKLNO YOU A FORTUNE IT PROP-
ERLT PLACED.
— —our nroycEMEjrra.
ABSOLUTE SAFETY,
QUICK RETURNS,
UNEQUALED FACILITIES.
TWO POINTS aS^wiSr-ilTn!
vestment—
SAFETY AND RETURNS.
We Give You Bith.
• PARTICULARS SENT FREE.
Sontli American Security Go.
214 Pine Street, San Francisco. .
Throughout South America, :
VIOLA HORLOCKER TO
ENTER A SANITARIUM
Announces' That After the Recovery
of Her Health She Will Devote
Her Time to Music.
HASTINGS, Nebr., March 31.— Miss
Viola Horlocker, acquitted yesterday of
having attempted to poison Mrs. C. F.
Morey, left ¦ to-night ! for New York, ac
companied by her sister, Mrs. Cheevers.
In an interview Miss Horlocker said:
"As yet there is nothing definitely set
tled, but within the next week I am going
to a sanitarium at Jacksonville, 111, or
perhaps to some other similar institution,
for the purpose of recuperating, that I
may have my health restored. I am In
a bad physical condition, as I have been
under a severe nervous strain for eighteen
months and my general, health has suf
fered in' consequence. I will remain at
the sanitarium and receive treatment un
til I have completely regained my health,
but I hope by seclusion from the public
and close attention to my health to so
far recover as to resume my ordinary
vocations." , -
Miss Horlocker said that after leaving
the sanitarium she probably would go to
New York to Join her mother and sisters,
where they will reside. She will devote
her time to music.
Another Edmonton Survivor.
"WRAKGEL, Alaska, March 25 (via Se
attle, March 81).— Another Klondike-Ed
monton trail survivor, L. I* Mason of
Dcs Moines. lowa, reached Wrangel laat
week, having come down the Stikeen over
the Ice from Glenora, B. C. Mason was
the partner of Captain Dixon of Halifax,
who was reported lost on the trail near
Hays Mountain last fall. He .related hor
rible tales of his two years' experience on
{he so-called trail. George of
Jackson, Wls.; Mason's comrade, was
down with scurvy . and , left at Lizard
Point. •
The most promising ma: seldom keeps
a promise. • .
Richter's Resignation Received.
VIENNA. March :u.— The High Cham
berlain has accepted the resignation of
Dr Hans liichi^r. director of the Imperial
c[.<ra: and has appointed Professor Hells
merbcrgt-r as his successor.
Enters the Swedish Ministry.
STOCKHOLM. March 31.— A. T. Odel
berg. the Governor of Oofloborg. has been
appoinu,-d to , : rhe 'newly created pott of
Mlr;lst<.r of Agriculture.
Findley Sentenced.
Special IM«pateh to The Call.
SAX LUI3 OBISPO, March Sl.— Er-Tax
Collector Samuel M. Findley this after
noon was sentenced t<> eight years" im
prisonment at San Quentin by Superior
Judge Unangst. Mrs. Findley and h«*r
three, daughters exhibited mui'h emotion.
Findley said he was not surprised at tha
sentence, . . . • .
of cured product. The estimated output
for the past year is 100.P00.000 pounds.
In order to make doubly sure the requi
site 75 per cent has been secured tha
meeting of the directors has been post
poned to April 9, thereby allowing another
week for growers to sign. An extraordi
nary effort will be made to increase it to
90 per cent, as is required by the packers"
contract, so that all matters pertaining to
this year's business can be settled at that
meeting.
As to other deciduous dried fruits Mr.
Henry says it looks as though th« asso
ciation would not secure the requisite per
centage to enable it to give stability to
prices, but If these fruits are delivered to
the association they will b« handled to the
best possible advantage to maintain tha
price.
SOCIALIST DEPUTIES
SCORE A TRIUMPH
Signor Colombo Tenders His Besig-
nation &s President of the Ital
ian Ctaniber.
ROME, March 21.— Sienor Palberti, the
vice pr^^idr-nt of the House, took the
chair at the opcr.ltiß of the Chamber of
IVputir-s to-day and announced that Sig
por-Colombo had repipned the presidency
and-ihat th*- oth«r officials attached to
th*» prffiiir-nry had al.^o resitrned.
Aft»*r h yjeooh dflivprpd by Signor Glo
lotti. ihf former Premier, who ur^ed con
ctUation.-vthe Chamber adopts a motion
rabznUtedtby the Premlf-r. <ieneral Pel
loux. making the Section of a presidr-nt
,r>f the Hou« the first business of Mon
day's pesslon. v
Th* h:::i:)>.' to-day was calm, thou^h'the
(Socialists Vwere exultant at the resignation
of. S'pnor Colombo, which, with the with
drawal of th<» dpcrc-e law, they attribute
to their uncompromising obstruction.
LA SAVOIE LAUNCHED.
Biggest Ocean Liner Ever Con-
structed in France.
/ST. NAZAIRE. France. March 31.— The
launching of the French trar>«=-AUantio
iteuner : T_i Savoie. the biggest ocean
liner built in a . French shipyard, took
\>\<xCf Y.t-T* to-day In the presence of the
Minister of Marine. M. <]<- Lalssn», and
the loraj authorities. PrrFidf-nt Loub^t
fa-tended Xo. .tote present; but wa- c prevented.
La Kavoi«-.i5377 raetera lonsr, has lh me
tf-rs 30 bentltneterjß bi-am. Her gross ton
nage is 15,400 tons and Khfi Is expected to
Fteam twenty knots an hour on her Amer
ican voyage.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
ADVEBTISEfiCENTS.:. .: '¦¦¦'¦ ;:-'- o":.i: •;. '-¦ .:'• -^ .
IToTSENIfOnnRuACH
/' ' ; ¦•-¦¦•¦¦¦:••:•-¦¦¦¦¦.¦-••¦•¦¦•¦:--¦: ¦• ' ?¦'-:
Says Peruna, the Catarrh Cure,
Gives Strength and Appetite.
Hon. W. N. Roach, TJnited States Senator From North Dakota.
Hon. VT. N. Roach. United States Senator from North Dakota, personally In-
dorses Peruna, the great catarrh cure and tonic. In a recent letter to The Peruna
Medicine Company, at Columbus. Ohio, written from "Washington, D. C. Senator
Roach says; : .:•
" Persuaded by a friend I have used Peruna as a tonic, and / am
glad to testify that it has greatly helped me In strength, vigor and
appetite. I have been advised by friends that It Is remarkably effica-
cious as a cure for the almost universal complaint of catarrh."
Senator Roach's home address is Larimore, North Dakota,
Mr. Ed J. Makinson. contractor and substitutes — no rivals. Insist upon hav-
builder, 610 Grand block. Wabash street, ing Peruna. Let no one persuade yott
St Paul Minn. *»¦¦¦ • tnat some other remedy will do nearly
bt. .ram, annn.. sa>s. doctor "well. There is no other systemic rera-
" ?.„ 7_7 _ aoclo l edy for catarrh but Peruna,
,_jj%' *w bills can be saved j r _ Byron J. Kirk-
jfST "**^_\ Dy use ot huff, attorney and -__?2»^
Ai< \ Peruna. I have all counselor at law. /taS-ZffisV
fgft 1 imy friends taking writes from 631 ftr
f& j*hb_lii__4 : Peruna, and I have Gates avenue.' E3g
{rS-Q heard nothing but Brooklyn. N. T., tha ; H «fe
\\»l V" i praise from them, following: a **V 1^
\i V. 4/vi / Last fall I had a "I have used your Hi £ _ \
i tJ_i#*v>4M a< * cough. I took Peruna for catarrh X _jb\ /
I ]£? vK\S four bottles of and find its curative ka_&P^A
_rt _6t^svi V) • Peruna and It powers all you rec- ,_— . iJrTTI
<r\\>k V 0 rcM-^> cured me. lam ommt-nd. It cur^l ' 'f3iaVssu #_»_/ *^-
«**s^X.tvv 'AS *§& inclined toward me of a very bad JtAFi
fcte&lg-" t-i^****^' consumption, as attack, and thnuch W's§*K v ( s£sp*i.
3*ag^wi_/ JSS*?Jr all m - v family have I suffered for years -^^fiZ^^^W
died with "• 1 J feel entirely re- «^
-.\-=A /&• weigh ISS pounds, lleved, and If it will „ _ . ? ;
vr p' t _i_r_. ri-_r i-_ an d I believe It ia benefit others l BIB I r ,°" "•• X1 J k *^,
Contractor Ind " Penina that has gladly give it my in- A Von"elTor
Builder yen me such dorsement." Ad- •«??_^w
P u>l>Jer - good health." dress The Peruna * l r-r -* w -
' Peruna is not a Medicine Company. '
guess, nor an experiment; it is an abso- Columbus, Ohio, for ¦•'¦.
lute, scientific certainty. Peruna cures a free book on catarrh, written by Dr.
catarrh wherever located. Peruna has no Hartman.
14Si Saved
J|j|Jp My Ufe,
rs^M' Extreme eates of dis-
—^SßotHß&l. ease test the real value
cf a medicine-. Many "tonit" and
'"stimulant preparations, which have
no real medicinal value, teem to brace
v.j> the users when they are feeling
"pliyed out." Any ft"""* aT i* wiL do
this whether bought at the liquor Store
or drug store. The true test of a med-
icine is when life itself ii staked on Its
remedial power. In hundreds of such
cases Dr. rierce's Golden Medical -Dis-
covery has been the means of saving life
when even the r family doctor * ; had
pronounced sentence of death.
¦ I h»d bete a ere»t tuff crtr for arrcrkl yvmra,
and my tasii'.y ooctor t*-id I would not fc* a lir-
:~.r mao ia two ve*r%. but, thank God, I axn still
»iv:s({," write* Sir. G«orje W. Trnttow, of X4P«-
corab. Auyusta Co.. Va. "Dr. Pierce* Golden
W-tlica! Discovers « wfctt saved my life. I had
: ' r-. trouble *o bad :kit I could not lie «n dt
left cide without a gTeat deal of pain. J was
Cirly past work when I commenced yonrmed-
lode, but I caa uo about a* much work now as
any man. I ennnot say too much for the benefit
2 hive received."
Many diseases, naned for the organs
affected, as -heart disease," " lung ¦' dis-
ease," complaint, " etc., are -.per-
fect! t cured by Dr. Pierces Golden lled-
ical Discover}', which curee through the
Etotr.Ech diseases which originate in the
etonach. S??SE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
creased the lead, but the Cantabs were in
no way pressed. Off Chi s wick Church the
dark biues were done for. and Cambridge
gained length after length until the light
blues eased off at Barr.es' Bridge, whence
they paddled past the stakeboat.
The crews and weights were as follows:
Cambridge— S. P. CockeriH. Third Trinity.
how. I€ 2 pounds; C. J. Ma*le. First Trinity,
ISS%: B. W. I>. Hnxke. First Trinity, 156H:
J. D. Payne, Porter Houfp, 179Vfr; R. B. Kth^r-
Ington-Smith-, Fir«t Trinity. 17'-U; R. H. Pan
ilerson. First Trinity. 17i<; AW Dudley-Ward,
Th!r<l Trinity. 176V4; J. B. Gihl.on. Thirl Hrtn
lty. stroke. KS; G. A. Loyd, Third Trinity,
cockywain, 117.
Oxford— H. Dutf-.n. X!.ir<laJena. 151 pound?;
R. C. Oilme-Peymour. New. lfi?; W. C. John
sf-.r.«. New. Ifi2; C \V. Tompkins. Baliol. lttti;
I/rJ Prirr.!>t''n Chrlstchurch. I^2: H. R. Kltl^r
master, Christehurch. SX' 1 "; T. B. Etheiington-
Srr.lth. Oriel. 167; C. P. Rnwoly. Majrualena.
ftroks. 16C'-*: G. D. MacLag-n, cockswain, Mag
dalena, 122.
Winners "Well-Trained.
C. J. D. Goldle, the president of the
light blue boating club, who assisted In
the victories of the last two years, was
forbidden by his doctors to take part in
this year's contest and Mr. Dudley-Ward
succeeded to his office. The three new
men in the boat had gained experience
by taking part in contests at the Henley
regatta and on the whole the Cambridge
crew, coached chiefly by the old blue.
S. D. Muttlebury, was a combination of
well-tried and well-trained oarsmen. On
the othfr hand Oxford had only two other
"blues" — Tompkins and Johhstone — and
had suffered from change and disintegra
tion sufficiently to dishearten the pluck
iest lot of men. •-
Cambridge ruled a hot favorite. The
Oxford crew was one of the heaviest on
record, Kittermnster. with his 200 pounds
weight, being the biggest man that ever
took part in the race. Tne Etherington-
Smith rowing for Cambridge is a brother
of the Oxford oarsman of like name. This
Is the first time two brothers have rowed
against each other in this, the greatest
of all European boat races. Lord Grims
ton of the Oxford boat, is a son of the
Earl of Verulam. who took a keen In
terest in the training of the crew, fre
quently following the Oxford boat in the
launch of the coach. Dr. D. H. McLean.
LONDON*. March 71.— The greatest
rowing contest of Europe, that be
tween the Oxford and Cambridge
crews, ended to-day in a most piti
ful procession. The only interest
ing feature was that the record time was
equaled. Even this performance was
minimized by the fact that Cambridge
won on one of the strongest flood tides
that has marked a race day in years and
In perfect weather conditions. The time
rr.q^t- was 18 minutes 47 seconds.
The crowds wer*> in no way diminished
frim th>"> tremendous proportion? of re
cent years, but there was no chance for
enthusiasm. Just a few generous cheers
for Oxford were given as she trailed
alone, at times hidden from the leader
by the twists in the river. It is a long
time Fince the race was bo barren of
features.
If pressed Cambridge probably could
have smashed all records. Oxford is o.ffl
cisilv estimated to have been beaten, by
one minute, but as a matter of fact the
dark blu<r- a had ceased rowing before they
reached the winning post and about a
quarter of a mile separated at the finish
one of thp best from one of the worst
crews that ever appeared in this classic
event. At no time in the race did Oxford
;.pr«^ar to make any serious efforts to
catch up with their rivals, who led from
the start. The losers were beaten before
the race began and the hundreds of thou
sands that blackened the banks of the
Thames realized it.
The Race a Procession.
The race was contested over the usual
course from Putney to Mortlake.
The dark blues, as challengers, were the
first to take the water at 1:&) p. m.. arid
were loudly cheered. They were quickly
followed by the favorites, the Cambridge
men whose reception was very enthusi
astic. The tide was Quite strong and con
siderable difficulty was experienced in get
ting the boats into position.
Oxford won the toss and chose the Sur
rey station. Colonel WiUan. who umpired
Tale and Cornell at Henley, acted in the
same capacity for Oxford and Cambridge.
Causes More Diseases in the Human
System Than Any Other Poison.
The Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Promptly
' Cures All Uric Acid Troubles. ¦; ;:
To Test for Yourself Its Wonderful Curative Properties, Every Reader
of "The Call" May Have a. Sample Bottle Sent
Absolutely' Free by ' Mail.
Science has demonstrated' that In a
few days' time you brew enough Uric
Acid in your body to produce death.
Your kidneys are your only salva-
tion. :>-Z' <¦¦> ¦¦¦- :.; "" . .'
Because when they are well, they fil-
ter out this deadly poison.
So, when your kidneys are weak or
out of order you can understand how
quickly your entire body is affected,
and how every organ seems to fall to
do its duty. .
Uric Acid causes more sickness and
suffering than any other form of
poisoning. It . irritates the nerves,
makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and
irritable. Causes rheumatism and neu-
ralgia, pain or dull ache In the back.
Joints and muscles: makes your head
ache and back ache, causes Indigestion,
stomach and liver trouble; you get a
sallow, yellow complexion; makes you
feel as though you had heart trouble;
you lack ambition, get weak and waste
away. . . „ .
The cure for these troubles is Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the world-
famous kidney remedy.
It instantly r°yeves the congested,
overworked kitfneys and gradually
brinss them back to health. In taking
Swamp-Root you afford natural help to
nature, for Swamp-Root is the most
perfect healer and gentle aid to the kl<3-
neys that is known to medical science.
Healthy kidneys keep down the ex-
cess of uric acid and you soon fe^l the
benefit In new health and strength.
Swamp-Root should at once be taken
upon the 'least siem of ill-health. It
will make you well and Is for sale the
world over In bottles of two sizes and
two prices. 50-cents and $1.
Swamp-Root is used in the l»adinjr
hospitals; recommended by skillful
physicians In their private practice ani
is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they rec-
oernlze in It the greatest and most suc-
cessful remedy that science has ever
been able to compound.
To prove Its wonderful, efficacy send
your name and address to Dr. Kilmer &
Co.. BinErhamton, N. T.. when you will
receive, free of all charg". a sample
bottle of P-.ramp-Rnot ani a valuable
hook my mail, prepaid. This book con-
tains many of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters from
men and women cured. Swamp-Root
Is so remarkably successful that cur
readers are adv!s°d to write for a free
sample bottle ar.d to be sure and men-
PORTO RICAN
QUESTION SOON
TO BE SETTLED
Senate Will Dispose of the
Tariff Measure on
Tuesday.
Only Two Amer.dni«nts Hemain to
Be Acted TJpcn Before the
Final Vote Is
¦¦:V' : Taken. . ;
WAPH*>r«Tr<->>- March m— So far a«
: tlif oonimittrp in charge of thf» measure is
con'-f-rrj^d. the Her to " KJ can b!l! w?s com
: pletPd. to-day, ¦vrfth. l^e^e^rertion cf two
; nrnenfinriPnts. which Senator? had tequent
: od Bhou!<s lie over until Monday. The fir.al
• two days", debate or. the bill will b?s*n at
1 o'clock on Mcr.day. .At < o'clock on»
:. Tuesday afternoon the vot^s will be taken
*>n th? p^r.fii'rigr. am-irdr^r.ts ar.d the? bill.
/.-¦.; .Th*» 'ff-ajuro of to-day> session v.as an
<¦xh.TJFt.lvo, of the p^rding
. -ipeas'jr*' .7>y Fair.fc?.r.ks of Indiana. Partic
•..ular :r.fr< Ft v.a^ rr.EHifccte«l by Senators
}¦ on ¦ -/frothy fides of the chamber in the
.Vrp^f^h in. view of the attitude rt Fair
•: ; l\ar.fc!v', collfviPHii-, BevTidge. Several of
; .;h«» .Ir..*iaiKi . m» rrbtr- of the Hous* lis
' v^r.M .to ¦ th^^p^-eeh, and :i cordia' h*ar
..ing ¦:«? giv.;. Pairtankß by P'-nators «>f
. • <rTi*>s. B« supported vigorously and
'.'iirfrqufvpc&Uy th»- pexuttos measure.
v K.-.s?. r of Washington oftVred a:i-l had
¦ '• j-a>st-»i si r^so'ij-.ioM dir»*ctins trie S?cre
>,arv of.ttu- N'r.y :r, report what surveys
l.;>.Vf h^en made i:: :..- islands receauy
;iic<iuir<-d by the X: ¦ i States.
Bacon Jest? With Foraker.
•Vcprftjfieritlcn . : the Porto Rico hi!! bc
:>rr^ i^urru-fl. Bacon of Georgia made a
;V:a;tff«at tnnr«-r:::::g the substitute he of
. fpreO y^frday U r the ponding unfinished
business.: Me .!'.-!•¦<]. he said, to arrogate
¦:io- himFflf Ti" credit for the substitute, as
•: iras the m< if*3V» origir.ally prepared by
"i-'oriiker. an^ :i.<i.-<3 slightly. He could not
epfak for uU-tbc inonbers on his Fide of
ih« .iiambir.. but ho i.r..-w that as be had
•jntr^ucf-.i the in tr-" utmost
:*rrwvd fait!; some Democrats at l^aft would
¦FUji;vort it- It prt-s'nted. he thought, the
¦•-*i«*t" : ! proposition J*et made as to Porto
; Jiii-.v Inatinmob a? it rrovSded a free Ter
'rjtoita i>>v< rr.nv-r.t.
¦¦".>- oo r ..-.¦. r said h- waj> not insensible to
': '.-.- -¦ : .-",:;irn"nt p*id hira by Hacon in
;¦;.,• • g ¦:..- "original draft" cf the Porto
rUi measure. :>nJ he* was inclined to
. .-• :. ;- K;teor. <_:pnr. having reached
•<¦ -..¦-¦. =• • v.!i.-ro h-> t Fora kr-r> was two
:v : s .-.air.. The billJ as he r.otr regarded
;•-¦.:-¦ ¦:!rfiy i:ia-;e'jua:<\ although at
• — -.:• ... .;•.. ¦'•-.! if he deemed it an ex- |
• '¦:::• i>ur<-. it .:M r.oj.; however; pro- j
: :'¦¦ '¦¦':¦ for many particulars covered by the ;
¦¦¦• . ¦ ¦¦;• « !•::;. r.:':.J hejdeclarjed It w;is ut
•¦': 4riide<3uate for tne purposes in
~"'.•¦ p*Ti(l!ng Question was <^r :hr ararrid- j
r-.-r.: i-rr-r-'i by A"—r. of pro
¦vidirg :{.•• the bill should designate j
V- ',-'•< K;>-" as h Territory o£ the l-nitp^l I
r- •-.•>. a:j<-i r*^aa a brief prepared by |
7-:-.r:T..n F. Randolph; a member of the
N- w Wir-k bar. on th» constitutional j
:.';^;ls :of our I?!i-.r.i:poff5fions. A few]
rr.ir.-Jtfs ¦pariior: Aw> n had l^n refused I
tw»rrrtissloa to have the brief printed as a
¦ .document. McCcmaj objecting.
¦ - a;;<:i had r<-ad ab<)ut one of tn*
• ¦ -'-T.-r pages in th" brief he waF given
;-rrr«s!on to print it as a part of his re
marks. :;-,¦ ;.¦¦ ¦•:.. .:•
McComa* "then read a recent statement
-f Hav«a«>yer, president of the American
gujrar Ilrflr.ir.p Company, in which he ar- j
cu«l in favor of the free admission to the j
-JJnited States of furar from Porto Rico j
nrd eyprrpsed the Iw^iiff that the tlm* j
*v> - jld com" focn when it would b« admit- i
t'-<i ?rf*. MrOomas adver:*"!! parca^tically
T'-- • **** s""'"wn: un<r. t?'«» PnrtiT Riran
AHm were in.
Whcr; rhat *ect'.nn of the b!U r"latir.ir to
the !»ds=!at!ve aFPTnblj: was reached P*t
*<¦:* »-i Alabama offered this amendment:
TV.xx th» Oov^rr-Tnert A*««nb!y at Portf» Rtro
rhaJl hav»> n<» power or autborttr to »nact any
!sw in conflict »-'.th th* conrtltutlca of the
T"r.;ti»l Ftites.
Thr- amendment was lost by 15 to Jl.
Fairbanks Supports the Tariff.
Fairbanks of Indiana then adfiressed the
fenat<* in support of th* pending measure.
C-T.ator Fairbanks s=aid in part:
¦Whether cr not th* constitution cxtendu auto
matlcaJly •¦¦> a i*»rritrr>' c«;u:re<3 has b^n a
?^i;rh <ifhate4 question. I>lver»rcnt rlewi har*
t-f-f-n ar.<J will b* »narr!y »r.tertaln«>cl urv-n th<?
labject. Fuch <l!fTfr»>nc<*» of opinion will con
i DtK ur.til th* Pi;;rfmc Court *ha!l tfetfrm'.ne
:! * f,\i*f rlcn. It»= fiiprvm" )\ztisrmer.i m-ill b» a>-
'•:••¦'. Yy U>* country, fntll it *hz'.\ !nt^rpr^t
1 1 flefir.e the jv»w^r» cf Ccr.trrent under the
:rft"-j-:rr. th!!< <".-r.*:r^«s Fhou!<l iMen^ to it
•'if the wiifFt iioEyible !:b»rtj\ th* ajr.ple*t
SivcrptioD in dealing with th* problenj ani con
«".!*<«~r« whsr-h ar» r.rw fpringr l».
Tt>» rreatPrt ilanyer 1n <s*aJ:nc with th* n*-w
rT'>bl*rr:« which enrax* oar attention U*s In
tir.Juf h?pt» ami incon«ti"«"-2to action. Thcr* will
!* no V.'fl<-u]ty In *olvir.j them If w* will b*
WffiWil f a^-t or.ly urvi r . arr.pi* lnforrr.atirn and
I* Killing to retrace our t-t*ps if we go wrens.
Fairbanks presented In detail Interest- '
\r.e :n?orrr.c.t;on r??ardinfr Porto Rico, its
people, its trad^. its commerce and' it«
production. He showed that the ej«timat
r«\ revenue from the 15 per cent duty on
th*- Vfisl« of n=t yar'? commerce would
be $337,576. Htr continued:
Ev*ry foliar If in b» r»:th^al!y <3*<slcat*<J to
th* beivf.t cf thp Portn Rirar.s. Not a cent l.«
to b* r^lafn^d arr 5 . us^J for the benefit of th*
tTuUfld Ptaief. Am >-et th»r* ire tho»«e on th*
opr>o»it*. «i<s* of th* *'"iVf who <-hal!*nff* th*
impoFitlon a.? if it w*pe conr*iv*d In an uncen
trnur sp!rlt ani for a:, unholy purpose.
Th* ftat*n»<>nt ha» twn folly mad* that the
£\i!leB w*r« aod'.f.ed ar.l !nir >oo ' i '' < i at th* dicta- !
AVWAXS HELPS.
ALMOST ALWAYS HEMS.
KANSAS CORN FOR THE
STARVING IN INDIA
He v. Mr. Sheldon's Proposal to Send
a million Bushels Meets
Encouragement.
TOPEKA. Kans.. March 21.— Governor
Stanley has given his personal lndorse
m»r.t to the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon's
propisal to pond a million bushel? of-Kan-
Kas e>rn to the starving people of India,
and rill preside over a masp-meetlng in
encouragement of the movement to be
held In Topeka on Sunday night. Mr.
SheldoL Fays he already has received one
Fubscrli-tion of JlO.O. It is proposed to ap
point agents whose duty it shall be to
collect the corn by counties, a committee
to arrange with the railroads for free
transportation of the corn to New York
and another committee to arrange for
three Government ships to transport the
corn to India-
Was- Not the Plague.
JACKSON. March 31.— The Chinaman at
Oleta who was suspected of being af
flicted with tht plague is reported by Dr.
Endleott as Buffering from some simple
complaint. He J on the streets of Oleta
to-day and the ccare has subsided.
ADVEHTISEHENTS.
The Type of the Prevailing Grip.
From New Tork Herald.
"Although Grip prevailed In mild form
during: the late autumn months. It has
now taken on an unmistakably virulent
type In the extent and character of Its
new Invasion. During the last fortnight
thousands who have escaped heretofore
have been stricken, and the disease Is
plainly epidemic over a very wide section
of country.
"The type of the disease Is essentially
catarrhal and chiefly manifests Itself in
Inflammatory affections of the membranes
of the nose. throat and upper air passages.
The attack is quite sudden and there is
generally a high temperature, with pain
In the forehead, hacking and Irritative
cough, with general muscular pains and
prostration.
"It Is the attention to little things— the
avoidance of draughts, tho cultivation of
habits of temperance In eating and drink-
ing, the obedience to all hygienic rules —
which can make any one reasonably safe."
Dr. Humphreys' Specific • i Seventy-sev-
en" meets the exigency of the prevailing
epidemic "Seventy-seven" restores the
checked circulation (Indicated by a sudden
chill), the first sign of taking cold; starts
the blood coursing through the veins, and
so "breaks up" the cold. Manual of all
diseases, especially about children, sent
free.
For sale by all druggists, or sent on re-
ceipt of price. 25c and $1. Humphreys* Ho-
meopathic Medicine Co., corner William
and John streets, New York,
?1m of th» rurar and tobacco trust*. Let us
brte-y anaJvre this situation. The Interests of
t£t™*£-ir trusts they have-U limited to the
two artiV'.e* ?ujrar and tobacco, which are ex
££m\o the United State, The surar trust.
wT^are advised, is interested chiefly, if not «
rt£rtrd£ S the reflnlns Of ««*^f.f^ »~£
ot>-ervant mir.d moat perceive that It '« l" 1^'
*ste<! m the absolute fre- admission of raw ?u
nr ar.l that it is in the very nature of thins*
£ppoi£l to the irr^-itlon of any duty whatever.
Ui f inconceivable that it would advocate the
SmortUan of a duty uj>->n its raw rrMuct so
£To in-rease the price thereof to itself unless
we attribute to It less sagacity than it is s-jp-
What is said with retT^t to th* pufrar tru?:
applies with *^ual force to the tobacco trust
T £ removal n'the entir- tat* and
rreo trade would undoubtedly meet with Us cor
diai ar.d enthusiastic approval.
Trusts Should Be Assessed.
For er.e. I wcul-i regard myself as recreant to
the trust eotrunitted to roe ar.d fal*" to th» b*«t
Interests of the peep!" Of the United Ptates if
I did nrt by rr.y vote cempol thes» trnstt and
their ailiM Intwrt* to ray some part of main
taining: the T.-.rto Riean Governrr.cr.t. which
th-y do pay under the duty up^n their raw
rro'duct!.. * rather than to increase the direct
'axe? upon the people in the island: or. In the
alternative, appropriate it from the treasury or
fnV United States. "«> rest the Justlflcation of
the r^ndlnff bill upon the broed and simple
proposition that ft 1* the duty of Coneresn to
prcvid* revenue for the territory belonging to
it. and «o provide It in a ju«t and equitable
manner. There is no power, save and except
Ccr.gress which can legislate for Porto Rico.
It Is entirely within the competence of Cowrress
to burden the island p*opl«. but t0 <3°3 ° Bo would
be in contravention of the ger.lus of our insti
tutions and contrary to the mlshei of the Con
gress and the people.
At the conclusion of Fairbanks' re
marks, Davis presented compilations of
tariff statistics In support of the remarks
he had made a few days ago. some points
In which, he said, had been challenged.
The consideration of the Porto Rico bill
was then proceeded with. It was provided
by an amendment offered by Allen and
accepted by Foraker that "no public In
debtedness of Porto Rico or of any mu
nicipality thereof shall be authorized or
allowed in excess of 7 per cent of the ag
gregate tax valuation of its property."
The committee had fixed the limit at 10
p^r cent of the tax valuation.
The committee ¦ amendments, with the
exception of two— the one relating to the
question of citizenship of Porto Ricans
and the other fixing the qualifications of
a delegate to the House of Representa
tives of the United States— were agreed to.
LADIES APPEAL TO THE
CITIZENS OF SAN JOSE
If Money Is Not Quickly Donated the
O'Connor Art Collection Will
Go Elsewhere.
Fprial rn<retch to The Call.
FAN JOSE. March 31.— The committee of
ladies having in charge the matter of rais
ing funds to erect a building to house the
fine art collection donated to the city by
Mrs. M. P. O'Connor has decided to appeal
to the citizens to raise some $3000 to save
the art collection from going elsewhere.
By means of entertainments, such as May
day festival; Mardl Gras. cakewalk. em
porium, etc., the ladies have raised about
JWOO. It Is proposed to eroct a building in
Normal square that will co=t about $20,
000, but Mrs. O'Connor tola them to com
mence work if they raised $12,(00, and it is
understood she will do the rest. The la
dies now declare they have done their
share in securing the gallery tor San Jose,
and they think the citizens should do the
rest. > •-•.-.:
The collection of paintings donated to
the city is valued at $100,000. and includes
works by all the old masters, besides a
largo number of fin© copies of the noted
paintings of the world.
Twice has Mrs. O'Connor extended the
time in which the money was to be raised
for a building, and it is believed that un
less the citizens come promptly forward
and subscribe the necessary coin the offer
of the paintings may be withdrawn. Los
Angeles, San Diego and the Catholic Uni
versity at Washington, D. C, stand ready
to accept the gift and provide a suitable
building at any time.
The following is the committee which
has the matter of raising the funds in
charge: Mrs. E. O. Smith, president; Mrs.
Nicholas Bowderi. vice president; Mrs. R.
S. Holway. secretary; Mesdames George
Bowman. W. L. Wood row, Mitchell Phil
lips, Ed Williams. Harry Pierce. C. H.
Clement, W. B. Hobson, Carrie Stevens
Walter. Miss Mary Beans. Colonel Philo
Hersey. Professor R. S. Holway, Colonel
A. K.'Whltton and Professor F. P. Rus
sell, directors.
HERMIT'S HALLUCINATION.
Imagined He Was Married and That
His Wife Left Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. March 31.— Levl H. Wolff,
an SO-year-old hermit of the vicinity of
San I.ucas. In Southern Monterey County,
was yesterday adjudged insane by an ex
amining committee and was ordered com
mitted to Agnews Insane Asylum. Wolff
believes that about a year ago he married
a 19-year-old girl named FrancesWlnd
ruff and that while he was away from
home last week she. her twin daughters.
all the food in the house and $10 in cash
vanished from the cabin in which he lived.
The old man was hunting for his lost
wife and children in the San Lucas Moun
tains and was In a pitiable condition when
found by Constable Dash, and was taken
to Salinas for examination as to hla
sanity.
The supposed wife Is a myth, the old
man's neighbors assert, for he hafi lived
alone In his cabin for a number of years
and no woman was ever seen about the
place. Wolff has been a resident of Cali
fornia since ISSO.
Want Shorter Hours.
Special Pippatch to The Call.
MARYSVILL.E, March 31.— The dry
poods, clothing, boot and shoe, hardware
and other clerks of this city, acting In
unison with their emloyers, have Inaugu-
rated an early closing movement, which
guarantees them relief from their labors
at 6 o'clock each evening, Saturdays ex
cepted, from now until August 1. The
grocers have rtgreed to close at 7 p m.
until July 1. The barbers, too, have an
agreement to <Sose thrir shops at S each
evening and not open at all on Sundays,
commencing April 13. At a union meeting
held last night the Barbers' Fraternity
and the Typographical Union merged with
the clerfts. ani a committee was appoint
ed to draft by-laws for a proposed labor
union. The now organization will prob
ably take hold of a Fourth of July cele
bration for Mar>sville.
Improvements at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE. March 31.— The $4100
necessary for the improvements now
being made In the Assembly Hall in this
city— the place where all the conventions
that meet in Pacific Grove during th 3
summer months are held— has finally been
raised and the work will be pushed rap
idly to completion. The Pacific Improve
ment Company gave $2iY>o of the required
sum. the California M. E. Conference gave
ll'XO and the remaining $1100 was sub
scribed by citizens of Pacific Grove.
The assembly hall will be enlarged so
as to seat 2000 people and will be other
wise made more convenient for the hold
ing of large conventions. The work will
be personally supervised by Architect E.
M. Frazler of San Francisco.
Vicar General Moran Dead.
PRINCETON N. J.. March 31.—Mon
signor Thomas R. Moran, Vicar General
of the Catholic diocese of Trenton and
rector of St. Paul's Church in Princeton,
died to-day of pneumonia.
000 before May 21 the title to their land,
will have passed to W. C. Andrews.
The carnival paviMon is the only larga
hall in San Jose that can be used for
fairs and such assemblages. The Board
of Trade will endeavor to raise money to
save it from passing to Holfhan. In case
title to Agricultural Park passes to V,'. C.
Andrews the matter will be further com
plicated.
HOUGHTON WINS.
Special Di?ratch t"> The Ca!l.
RIVERSIDE. March 31.-For the second
time In his long legal career Judge R. E.
Houghton of San Francisco has won la
the suit to disbar him from the practice
of his profession in this State. County
Clerk Phelpg received the following deci
sion from Judge Hughes this morning:
"W. W. Phelps, Clerk of Riverside
County— Dear Sir: In tne matter of th«
application for the disbarment of R. E.
Houghton judgment will be rendered for
th<? defendant. Kindly notify counsel to
present findings to me at San Diego. Re
spectfully. J. W. HUGHES."
Bicycle Path Planned.
SUISUN. March 31.— A movement is on
foot to make a bicycle path between Be
nicia and Vallejo. and practical action
will be. taken a? soon a? The one between
Vallejo and Napa is completed.
PAVILION MAY BE SOLD.
Mortgage About to Be Foreclosed on
the Hall at San Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 31.— The big carnival
pa\ilion, whicn, was built several years
ago by public subscription for the rose
carnival, will be lost to the citizens unless
they come forward and pay off a mort
gage Indebtedness of over $2000. Judge
Lorigan yesterday rendered Judgment in
favor of Patrick Holehan in a suit brought
to foreclose a mortgage on the carnival
pavilion given by the Board of Trade. The
Judgment is for $2000 principal, $1&5 inter
est and $175 counsel fees.
The pavilion was built at a cost of near
ly $9000 and is one of the best of Its kind
on the coast. It was erected on land
owned by the Agricultural Association,
and this latter association is also in finan
cial straits. About $15.0 C») was raised for
the rose carnival and expended. When the
show was all over an Indebtedness of $2000
itmained on the pavilion. The Board of
Trade was given control of the building,
and secured the money from Holehan to
meet the indebtedness and gave a mort
gage on the pavilion.
Agricultural Park, the ground on which
the pavilion stands, has been sold on an
$11,001 foreclosure proceeding, and unless
the Agricultural Society raises some $15.-
CAPTAIN BALL WINS.
Judge Decides That the McClelland
Property Was Fairly Divided-
I.OS AKGELES. March 31.— Judge Allen
has decided the McClelland-Ball case, giv
ing judgment in favor of the defendants,
Captain Ball and wife.
The testimony introduced by the de
fendant showed that Mrs. Ball had not
cheated McClelland out of $13.<YK). as he
claimed, but that when she was divorced
from him the settlement of property in
terests between them had been fair and
just.
At oi.» time McClelland was one of the
best horse trainers In the country and
drew a salary of JIO.OUO as manager "of the
Baldwin stables for several seasons.
Lately he has been mentally incompetent
as a result of a sunstroke.
One of the closing scenes of the case
was a bitter denunciation of McClelland
by the lady once his wife but now the wife
of the elderly Adams-street capitalist.
Mrs. Ball has scornfully Jgnored her ex
husband, but while on the witness stand
at the close of the case she lost her com
posure.
"Judge." she said, "that man has
threatened my life again and again. He
has threatened the life of my husband."
Parochial Residence Completed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, March 31.— The handsome
new parochial residence for San Carlos
Roman Catholic parish of this city, which
has been in process of construction for
the past few months, is now finished, ex
cept a portion of the interior decorations.
The building is not entirely a new one,
being erected upon the foundation of the
historic old house in which the priests of
this parish have resided for over half a
century. Some of the old walls have been
left also, for association's sake It Is said,
and the new building has therefore added
Interest to the people of this town.
iHe effected a capital smrt. The two boats
I took up their positions at 1:30 p. m. and
! started at 1:58.
Th«- light blue? immediately shoved to
the front, rowing with rare power and in
splendid form. At the Duke's Head they
were a ck-ar c;uartf-r of a lf-ncth ahead.
In the first minute the Cambringes rowed
\ a stroke of forty-one and Oxford one of
forty to the minute. About one mi!^ from
' the start Cambridge was two lengths
ahearl Passing the Crabtree, Cambridge
was 14 seconds ahead and off the Saccha
rine Works the light blues were leading
by ?!x lengths. At the I^ead Miil< Cam
bridge was rowing So to Oxford's 34. At
Thr» Doves, ahout one mile and seven
t-ights from the start, the lead of Cam
bridge had be^n r^due^d to four lengths.
but at Chiswick Church, about two miles
and three-qunrters from tho start, the
race had developed into nothing more
than a procession.
As the Cambrid? boat passed Thorny
crr.fts. nearing the three-mi!" post, the
light-blues led by ten lengths. Oxford
then began to show sfsr.s of distress, and
at tho Devonshire Meadows, over three
mil^s from the start, eleven lengths sepa
rated the two boats. At Barnes' Bridge
about three and a half miles from the
starting r'a°^. Cambridge was forty
lengths ahead.
Cambridge Wins Without Effort.
Cambridge finished very fresh and pad
dled past the Ftakeboat at Mortlake the
easiest of winners. Oxford, however, camo ;
in for a full share of the cheering. The
Oxonians stuck gamely to their work, but
the stroke set them early in the contest
proved a grrat deal too much for some of
the men in their boat. Without any bust- :
ling. Gibbon and his mm forged ahead
and gradually increased their lead to Cra
ven Steps, whence they went away as they ,
liked. After the mile-post the contest
ceased to be a race. It was a spectacle of
a splendidly trained and exceptionally
smart crew racing against men who. as a
rule, had not been sufficiently trained, and
the light blues, rowing strongly and well
with wonderful regularity, increased their
lead at every stroke.
At the Saccharine Works the Oxonians
tried their last spurt and slightly de-
Most One-Sided and Featureless Race Ever Con
tested by Oarsmen of the Rival English
Universities.
CAMBRIDGE ROWING CREW
EASILY DEFEATS OXFORD
SB. XELMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, APRIL. 1, 1900.
WAR REVENUE
TAX SOON TO
BE REDUCED
President McKinley Declares
Himself in Favor of
a Decrease.
May Deem It Best, Hoxrever. to De
lay Action Until After This
Year's Presidential
Election.
t
Si>ec!al D(.«petch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. March 31.
— President McKinley favor? a substantial
reduction in the burdens of taxation im
posed by the war revenue taw; but he has
not ride up bis mind whither or not' it
would be good policy to urge legislation
before the policical campaign this year.
This was the substance of a statement
made by him to-day to Representative
Jefierson Levy of Xew York.
Some time ago Levy introduced in the
House a bill proposing to make a general
reduction in the taxes imposed L>y tho
war revenue bill. He was much pleased
when he learned tnat the question had
been discussed at a Cabinet meeting yes
terday, and he called at the White House
this morning for a talk with the Presi
dent. ;...'-
The President said he was in favor of
a reduction !n war taxes and the only
question in his mind was whether it would
be good policy at the present time. He
was afraid that it might affect the busi
ness interests of the country. If he
thought the busine?* interests of the coun
try would not be disturbed by the recom
mending of a reduction at this time he
would do bo. Otherwise he would wait
until after the election.
Republican leaders in Congress are not
prvpare-d to announce what their policy
will be In dealing with this issue, which
has been go suddenly raised by yester
day's Cabinet meeting, but they will be
forced to deciie upon a definite course in
the rear future.
Representative McClellan of New York.
onn of the Democratic members of the
Ways and Means Committee, set on foot
to-day a movement among the Demo
cratic members of the committee which,
if carried out. will force the Republicans
to either stand against a reduction of
taxation at this time or to follow the
lead of the Democrats In advocating It.
McClellan urged on Representative Rich
ardson of Tennessee, the Democratic
leader In the House, the advisability of
taking up the matter at once in the Com
rniru-e on Ways and M-eans In the House
and makintr the advicacy of a reduction of
taxation Democratic policy. Richardson
thought very favorably of the proposi
tion, and it is probable that a vigorous
fight will be instituted at once.
Neither Chairman Payne nor Repre
sentative Dalzell of the Committee oh
Ways and Means would discuss to-day
the probable course of that committee.
1 SWAMP-ROOT Jl|
i^i Kidr.cy, Liver ar.d £'.-idar ij j^jjH
j !^» . CURE. 1! ; 55 j ty
¥}* M«t tak* er.9. two rr thr 1"*1 "* ||
' fi» j t«e»v u cnf ¦ii» t«Xjro or aftrr meals Ti3
I '<&• and ai b«lu^:e. , •l!'^:
S I CL-lirea ie« acccrt!str to ajro. t L'r (
"r » M«T coKimeaow with «ciail doaej ' ,ti '
iljjjj L isd Qireit» »n f^ (!o». cr mow, j W'Jj '
!.'tS '< a» tte pa«« wcaU »*cni to re<Sßirai> ' Ijij; t
¦ \fS, This crtaX rrmrSy rsres all ' |j j
"I? ki :c->7". L-.er. ».-..'. t as.l Urlo {^
«£^ Ac.J trouMea aad disorders &:o J» '•
'.i-Rj Jo «-»ji kliaeys. »uch a» catarrh 2i [
' -i|! "f r..i [_:!•-. c— it- ••!. I):v.rrji- I Jj; tj
;in u-:p. :¦;-•--. • | Bright*! Il> [ }-i'-$ <
!{J'l I en«-. wirL-h fa tio wors* tons oX I K?T
tfli gf \j
J'* 1 I'.ia pfnirtnl t.-> taket Umt
)| y I PREPARED Cr.-JT BT 'BtiV
?j| j| DR. KILMER & CO. B|
|| .BINCKAMTON.N.Y. «g|
; ;gl Sold brail Drc gg |,t». g|»|
One-half the 30 ct. e'.xe — one-quarter the $1 s'.*s.
tion reading this generous offer In the
San Francisco Sunday Call.
S '"v-< : .^y.:>'H [ The man with medium means who must figure Mp^^r^^^S^^: :^ i
1 i closely on his clothing bill should take these facts into H i/;^.^r?^?.j^^:^'fl% \
\ W0)0&% i • consideration when he. buys a suit: .He should get a P^^^i^* i^^f^^
v r."^^^v/ ! ; popular priced suit and likewise a suit that is popular. n : i : '- S
I y^V^V- ¦ (The judgment of the people is good to follow.) The B '^- »
£ . suit should be fast colored and nude with care. Tne f] :£^/ 4^^^.^^* 7
W&^pfi l material should be all wool.. The suit should be fully B^^f^ "^^^sfM I
M f guaranteed by the merchant, and he should back up the B '¦/s** j2&[?^^ "p
H'^H.''*/*v.vy : ''^ ¦ su^ with a guarantee that he will protect the customer H is^^&£it*i %
ra^^V\K'/; H 'f *h e su^ ' s unsatisfactory. The customer should be |3f&&-S^\^ '
§1 i^^V".^c' b in a position to obtain his money if the suit; is not worth P^fe^rt^W^ V*Vim^s,
:-: :^- vV"^ I Assuming that you are careful of the amount you g/j Wi •''^jK^iljj}! faUpfr \i
S %v^§ B spend for clothing, and as our blue serge suits fill the Xl i'j|tij!Jpij|fj!||jijls ; j ft
S^^^;?.*;^a above requisitions and are sold on the above : terms, we . rjj !Wj;l ijjjljijjij 'nl'y' I
ii^^l recommend the suits t0 y° u - ¦¦'-. ,;•;'.;. ; \.-. } (M^iism\kwM\\
H"V^;;-"^^a Two style's — single or double breasted. yy.J \\ ¦ ! :: ; "¦'/'¦h[f/^
H*V < s~:"f'' % -''iV»^ fi Out-of-town orders filled for clothing, furnishings and hats. 'Writs ,Be j^vp "¦'!< !h' 'j ?H:J* I [. '.jj^
;\V.- V'.'.V;^;.^ R for our Illustrated Catalogue %o. 2. It will help you in your ordering. X* ! '' V" "*&% \
i^^Sil • 718 Market Street. I^B^lll3 i^^
15
Scene at the Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race.MOROCCO'S NEW
OPERA COMPANY
:. - ¦ '¦:¦¦¦¦ r-TT: — —:¦•:".' • '-.:• ¦: .-
The new company engaged In New; Tort
Tiy Walter Moroscp is now on its: way tc
this city, and will make Its first appear
tnce at the. Grand Opera-house en : EaFte.i
Sunday evening. April 15, in David Hen
derson's FUccc'fisful extravaganza. 1 "An
Arabian Girl ar.d Forty Thieves!" Mr.
Moropro'B enterprise is illustrated: in jhc
following list of names, which constitutes
a band of exceedingly clever entertainers.
Ix)Uific : l{.oyce is considered one of. the best
exponents of her line of business that the
American sul£C pti££tsses and has recent-
Fischer's Concert House.
Conductor August Hinrichs of Fischer's
Concert-house has been well and favora
bly known to the patrons of the Baldwin
Theater for the past ten years. It re
mained for Mr. Fischer, however, to bring
to the notice of San Francisco's music
lovers his ability as a conductor of con
cert music. He combines with a magnetic
personality the love of his art that in the
Teuton and the Latin amounts almost f o
a passion, and which has made Germany
and Italy the cradle in which the child
rvn of the muses have been rocked for
time immemorial. He is shown at his
best in his violin solo, which is invariably
encored.
For the coming week- Mr. Fischer an
nounces as a stellar attraction the pre
mier appearance In America of Salvini
the beautiful Cuban girl, who sang in the
theaters of Cuba throughout the troub
lous times upon that island. "II Trova
tore" will give way to the third act of
"Faust," Miss Sylvia Puereri having been
especially c-ngage-d for the role of Mar
guerite, and will alternate with Signorina
Barduccl.
cester arid Profe-ssor Bernard Moses, com
prising the commission, have wired ac
ceptance of the banquet honor. The ar
rangements of the affair are in the hands
of Rev. Dr. Stebbina, Benjamin Ide
Wheeler. John Garber. E. B. Pond, Rob
ert Watt, Horace Davis. Louis Sloss
George A. Newhall. F. W. Dohrmann,
Sheldon G. Kellogg, Horace G. Platt and
Warren Olney. The function may be
termed the Philippine banquet, limited
as the number of Invitations is limited to
300. Judge W. W. Morrow has been se
lected to preside.
The affair is particularly in honor of
the appointment of Professor Moses, who
was commended to the president by an
army of college professors.
DREDGING FARCE
AT ALVISO WILL
COME TO AN END
¦ •
New Contract Soon to Be
Let and Some Real Work
Is Expected. ¦
While Government's Contractor Has
Accomplished Nothing Southern
Pacific's Monopoly of Trans
portation Continues.;. :
Something jrar-Ttant In connection with
the dredging ef Alylso Slough, the outlet
•by which Sari Jose! and the lower San:a
X'iara' Valley fiave long; hoped tor«gu!ate
transportation: rates, ' is about .to take
Ijlact: Within. a tew days the time limit
'.for. the completion of the dredging .con
tract by Edward V. McCann will expire.
It will thtn be necessary to relct the con
tract. ;Then;,: i&s there is money enough
i>n hand'to pay for the work, the channel
may • be. actually dredged.- Thf jxr«-sent
contractor will have a penalty to \ra.y for
r:ocp*rformanCe : of contract He wilii for
feit the entire Amount that he- would; have
received and' h'B bondsmen will be -corn
j-elk-d to make up the difference between
the sum that be would have received and
the price it. *Itl t>« necessary. 1 to pay the
riew pontracter.. In addition he wiil ap
l>^ar as a ds-liiiquent contractor arid as
f uch will bo d<L-l»arrfd from competing for
iinv future Creyercntest contract. .
The people, of San Jose • have : '. rage-d
fruitlessly fejr ¦ several : .-mcr'nths. : Tiie
cirtdgier has. {iarfily. excavated any cubic
yards. <sf soilV.ffQra the channel: ' -. People
have thought that the Southern . Paci:"ic
Company; whc.se: rates might be cut }>y
. camj>ctJtfrr.; .was: jr.ot Sorry to see. that
nothing was l,tjni;;accompl. r !h«d and that
iOT seven ninths .\ the ,oay jof '. possible
competition t'^Jad! Hot: advanced an lota,
'.'"i-.f- contract was : kt. last : September.
McCann »renf to.tbe slough with, his
dredger and If broke 'down -almost im
mediately. .Since, then it has h» er. hrc^k-
Jr.g down ¦.continually. • .-Practically thr
¦work Is Jutft w{,tre:H was before the eon
lrr.rt wa» .lei. The contract provides for
a channel MV. a ffet de-t-p at low: water
a.nd dxhty feet wifie. About. aOOJJbO cu-bic
¦>-ards >if mat-r ial must- be removed. Th»
rate, to be T>a.i<3 to McCann was fi cents
j^cr cubic yard, whk-ii.is below what the
Goverhmeat expected that any one would'
bid. McCann.>ta>*« a!l the l) : lame*'.-i3pon.a
faulty All that he would have
received for; r he. work is tliSr/). . It has
Ireen worth much : ni ore to ih» Southerh
I'acifie Company to keep the slough in iv
jrresent -.condition.': ¦¦<•;.•..
¦''¦"¦ '.: . . • ¦ ¦¦¦ :
ly made pr^at successes in New York and
the British dominions. Her engagement
ss. of necessity, limited to six months, as
she Is under contract to appear in London
ntxt Christmas. For the principal female
roles. Ida Hawley has bf-^n pelecU-d. It
was she who made such an immense hit
at Daly's Theater. Nrw York, tn "The
Runaway Girl." Blanche Chapman, the
star of several successful organizations, is
to be the character artist. Isabelle Under
wood is the possessor of a marvelous con
tralto voice and is a handsome and an ac
complished actress. The soubrette will be
BXabel Russell, a captivating actress. Ella
Aubrey is in the company, and also Chris
Kruno, one of the best singing and danc
ing oonu-dians en the stage. The other
comedians are Harry C. Cashman. Ciar
f-nce Hannel and W. H. Ballyntyne. The
character actor is Douglas Flint. Interest
will naturally be excited in Richard C.
Newcastle; a recent arrival from London,
whose principal forte is the portrayal of
monkey* and other animals. The premier
Oanseuse is Mile. Edith Craske. Mile.
Cra?ke xvi!l have the assistance of several
clever second danseuses and ; a bevy of
coryphees. For musical director \V. H.
Batchclor, who arranged all the music of
David Henderson's productions and con
ducted his orchestra, has been secured.
Charles H. Jones has been wisely re-en
gaged for sta^e manager. Frank King
and assistants .have painted beautiful
Eoenery. including a mag.hifrcent trans
formation, and the costumes ar»? of the
most gorgeoup kind and have been made
by the firm cf Anderson & Co.
. m ,
THREE HUNDRED ARE
INVITED TO ATTEND
Banquet in San Francisco in Honor of
the Newly Appointed Philippine
Commission — Judge Mor
. row to Preside. . .
Invitations were sent out yesterday to a
r,an«juc-t to be given in San Francisco
Thursday evening, April 12, to the Philip
pine Commissioners recently .appointed by
President McKinley. It is 6aM that Judge
William H. Taft. Henry- C. Ide. General
Luke 'E. Wright,. Professor Dean C. IVor-
GENERAL PANA
SURRENDERS AND
IS A PRISONER
Chinese Who Has Been Ter
rorizing and Devastat
ing Panay.
War Department Approves of the
Execution of Morales and Gon
zalez by the Military ¦
Authorities.
MANILA, March 31.— The Chinese gen
eral, Pana, who has been terrorizing and
devastating the province of Panay, has
surrendered at Legaspi to Brigadier Gen
eral Kobbe. who is bringing him to Ma
nila.'
WASHINGTON", March 31.— The execu
tion of Morales and Gonzalez, the Philip
pine leaders, it is said at the War Depart
ment, marks the inauguration of a new
policy In the Philippines. This is the exe
cution of the death sentence by order of
the military officer in command In the
cases of persons, native or others, con
victed and sentenced by military commis
sions organized under the rules of war.
Morales and Gonzalez were convicted by
a military commission of the murder of
Filipinos, and were sentenced to be
hanged near Uayanbanz-, March 30, and
the press dispatches from Manila show
that the sentence was carried into effect.
No official report of the cases has been
received at the War Department and It is
stated that General Otis has acted en
tirely on his own responsibility in the
matter under the authority conferred by
the articles war. There have been sev
eral cases where the death penalty was
imposed by military tribunals, but- up to
the present Instance no case where the
death sentence was carried into effect. All
the previous cases were submit :ed to the
President's official action and In every In
stance the sentence was commuted to
imprisonment for life.
According to the legal officers .in the
War Department, the Insurrection In the
Philippines amounts to a state of war, and
in that view of the case General Otis
acted entirely within his authority in or
dering the execution of the two Filipinos
without special authority from the Presi
dent. It is stated at the department that
General Otis' action is undoubtedly in
tended to suppress brigandage and out
lawry In the Philippine?, but some con
servative officers fear that the summary
action may Jeopardize the safety of
American prisoners now in the hands of
the insurgents.
Secretary Root said to-day that the
Instructions to tht» Philippines Commis
sion will not be made public at present.
as it is desired to keep them open for
changes or additions until the last mo
ment. Consequently the finally written
Instructions to the Commissioners will not
be delivered until the day of their depart
ure from San Francisco for Manila on
April 15. '
President Taft left Washington to-day
for New York. He i? expected to return
here next Tuesday, and -will then proceed
to San Francisco, stopping at Cincinnati
nn thp way.
has be^n. known. Ihrou^hout th 3 langth and breadth of thess United States for thirty years ¥MZS?F-" ir - *r^j*^\H : ' To protect : yoV who read, this against fraud an 4 tcgiy? ycu . ths^opcortunJty ef .: ; ; ;,:. :
as that o{ a physician who has madt) a spscialty of employing electricity In treating W^^^^f^^'-^^^^ = obtaining A GENUINE SANDEN BELT, I will send ta any add/ess ;cne^ of ray 1 900 . 'metfe'l; \";-"' '
diseases of the nervcuj and glandular systems. During all that time the name "DR. \^^^ if'io^ ''-W^W& Belts for^ lhe - P^ r P oSe oJ comparison with oth?r belts s&j( as thi SANDER : or '"Just, as/ '¦'."¦
¦:". SANDEN" has been a giiaranteeof honest treatment and straightforward dealing. • f^S » v** "'H^W J& : good as the Sanden." and ff you are not convinced »«r maWng the: cimparlson jhat ;' . ¦
j ;• • THERE IS NO MEDICAL APPLIANCE on the market to-day which has a more ¦ /jP?f?*'"'%: $w*S&Mfaf' MY BELT - IS !FHE G^ NUIN : E SANDEN BELT an:.the others only; imperfect : i jnaia- ¦¦•=••"• - : '-
'¦¦ -enviable reputation " than ha 3 teen gained by the w^^^S^* Sr^^soW^( "tions, I -will make .you; ' • -•• : ' .-• "
Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, 3^^^^^^^^? r^^ i/Qift of thd Belt
.: .the rational norm, treatment for -the cure of Rheumatism, Spinal Disease, Dsbllity, '^M^^^M^^^^J^^i^^^^^f hich> after \a diagnosis of -ycur case from /our own statement . prove* to be test
'V Paralysis, Epilepsy,' Kidnjy CoTiplalnt and Lack of Nsrve Force and Vigor. ''il^^^^^^^&^^^S^ttMMp^ *" adapted, to effect a cure. The ¦ statement " is r-ade by tricksters that I have sold "the
;' •'. THESE FACTS have led to tha usual results. First, the building up of an enor- ;^^^^^^ '^wP^BS' £sM%^ right, title ard -interest 1 ' In : my business. Tnat statement .is untrue. Tha GENUINE; :.
mously sjuccsssful' business, founded u?on the solid basis cf honesty; and' second, the. SANDEN. BELT. is never sold fn drug-stores, by doctors, or through middle-men. - It Is : ;
;. calling I nW existence, of a horda of Imitators, who try to impose upon the public • ''«f?f^ kM'fWiff F tfyjP'jjjs '¦ sold only by, me," direct to- the. user, wlthout'the addltfon of commissions.
.; ¦by offering ¦s>ea!j}d electric belts "lu3t as good as the Sanden," and who even y ' ' l/ f'fil-rfM Jr .. . . Write to nia for my.frie. book, "TF^EE CLASSES OF MEN," and for all par-
: go so; far as to sn.np that nams upon the belts thjy offer. ? tr/*pe m^RK. t * tlculars of the GENUINE' SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT. ' :
DR. T, A. SANDEN, c °" A^:%rZ^^^ o^.<= ES '^{^^^SS^StSJJj^
Caught a Shoplifter.
Mary Nelson, a domestic. 40 years of
age. who says she lives In Stockton, was
arrested in the Emporium by Special Offi
cers Allen and Tilton yesterday afternoon
and booked at the City Prison on a charge
of petty larceny. She stole two cotton
tablecovers. which were ' booked as evi
dence agalqst her.
Convicted of Deadly Assault.
SUISUN, March 31.— Last fall a well
to-do Chinaman named Lum Ah ' Tang
was arrested in Vacaville on a charge
of assault to commit murder. At the
first trial the Jury disagreed. The sec
ond trial took place this week and th»
defendant was found guilty of assault
with a deadly weapon. Sentence has
been postponed, and defendant's counsel
will move for a new trial.
Mansfield Claimed to Be Ill.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. March 31.— Richard
Mansfield cut short his Louisville engage
ment to-day, declining to appear for the
afternoon and evening- performances, the
advance sale for which had been in prog
ress during the week. Money paid by
ticket purchasers was refunded. Illness
was given as the reason for the change
of plans, but the actor's indisposition is
not believed to be serious/
tion of the Chinese girl was recorded and
thatno such entry had be?n made.
Chairman Brun then «tated that Inas
much as the object of the meeting was ?>
see that fair play was done toward ail
concerned, he would grant the floor to
either Judge Dyer or Watchman rruns
more, or any of their friends who- m srht
wish to speak In. their defense. But neiiher
of_ the aforenamed persons was In the
nail nor had any one a word to say In
explanation of their conduct.
_A^ committee., consisting of Messrs.
Gardner. Butler. Hall. Ba:ley.V TVhtttler
and Schwarzkopf, who were appointed br
the chair, proposed resolutions sympathy-
Ing with Miss Cameron, requesting Dyer
to resign h!s office of Justice of the Faace
and requesting the District Attorr*y to
bring such • criminal action against Dy*r.
Harris and DunsJnore a* the fzK'ts will
Justify. The resolutions were passed with
cheers, not a dissenting voice being heard.
It is expected that criminal proceedings
will bt? Immediately brought Against the :
accused parties, as public tnX&BWni In
Palo Alto is demanding It. E. G. Dyer.
the accused Justice. i 3 a graduate of
Michigan I'nive-rslty and coraes ttmn a
prominent family, with w3om he : has re
sided in Palo Alto for a sumber of years.
Brakeman injured.
Special Dispatch to Th» -*-'-
RAYMOND. Marc?: &¦— C". H. Dahras. a
young brakeman. wss accidentally caught
between the engirt * n d a freight car
while .switching: in tke railroad yard here
th!s morning and *zs serliusly hurt. Tha
injured man wa? taken on a special train
to Berenda. wh^ Dr. Byers. the railroad
physician, was «* waiting 1 to attend
Upon eiamln.iJ°n it- was found that tfca
coupling lir.kr*<* Inflicted a serious woruad
on his risht '*&¦ :•¦ .¦"¦ . ¦ .-¦/ • . - •
CITIZENS DEMAND
THAT DYER RESIGN
Mass Meeting Held in Palo Alto to
Protest Against the 3>isposal of
a Chinese Girl. . «
Special Dispatch Jo The Call. ¦.-
PALO ALTO. March 31>— Xh» people of
Palo Alto h«ld a rousing indignation
meeting to-night ' and denounced Justice
Edgar G. Dyer and Night "Watchman
Dunsmore- for the part; they are alleged
to have played in turning- a. rescued Chi
nese girl over, to the hands' of those who
would return her to a life of shame : anil
bondage. '¦ /.• ' * ."
liang before the time advertised for thei
meeting Nortree Hall was crowded to the '
doors. . Two hundred Stanfard students !
marched in a body from the campus over j
to the hall, shouting denunciations of
Dyer and Dunsmore all the way. The j
•meeting commenced its serious work J>y I
electing Samuel J. Brun chairman and
Professor Elmer E. Smith secretary.
Miss Cameron; the superintendent of the
San Francisco Mission Horn* from which
the Chinese girl was taken, was then j
called upon to state her knowledge of the
case, which she did in a simple, straight- j
forward manner. The whole story from i
the time Constable Harris appea"r?d In
San Francisco with Judge Dyers warrant j
and two highbinders until the girl was
wrested from her possession by Watch
man Dunsmore at the Palo Alto jail was |
related substantially as appeared m this
morning's paper. Gilbert W lgle. attorney I
for M!ss Cameron, stated that he askcJ
Pyt r to see the docket book In which the
emry of the supposed trial and convic- '
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UXDER NEW MANAGEMENT. -' <
A. DOLLMANN. Nap* Soda Sprl-^s P. O.
PARUSO HOT SPBIXGS, emrlu £££ m .
Monterey Csunty. Cal. — For health, rest.
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of fiuwers; hot soda. sUlphur and electric
baths: swimming tank 3-)x6u feet. Our masseurs
are all Braduate*. Hunting and flshln*?; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; larce hotel ..a! J-) cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by r.-vs. By train. Third and Town-
send streets.' Pan Francisco. 9 a. ra. ; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:l> a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to gprines. Rcund-triD tickets SS. at S.
P. office. 613 Market street. Telephone and
postoffice. Fcr illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
"COMMODORE" WEAVER
HAS COME TO GRIEF
Yacht Norna Held at Auckland as
Hostage for Debts Contracted
by the Adventurer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 31.— The Herald
will to-morrow print a long story describ
ing the adventures of the bogus "Commo
dore" ' Nicholas J. Weaver. For three
years he has been cruising about the
world in the yacht Norna. formerly- of
New York. But at last the Norna is rest
ing at anchor in Auckland harbor, where
she is held as hostage for the return of
various sums borrowed from citizens.
At Auckland Weaver was received with
distinguished consideration and became
the honored guest of a local yacht club.
The Norna was made the flagship of the
squadron. Weaver was lavishly enter
tained, and in return gave a splendid en
tertainment on credit aboard the Norna.
He borrowed money in sums of $l<X>o or
less. Finally, his creditors becoming sus
picious the "Norna was seized for debt.
Th<> "commodore" left Auckland by the
mall steamer for Sydney, where he said
remittances frnm New York were due
him. But according to last accounts these
had not arrived, and the Norna was still
in pawn at Auckland. Weaver will be ar
rested by the police should he return to
New York.
MRS. HAGEMEISTER WINS.
XAPA, March 31.— The Hagemelster-
Ryan breach of promise case went to the
Jury this afternoon at 3 o'clock and late
to-nipht it brought in a verdict award
ing $350 to the plaintiff. The attorneys
spent the greater part of the day in mak
inc their arcuments.
Fred Kibler. who has been charged with
perjury by Mrs. Hagemeister. was taken
into the Justices' Court Friday afternoon
end his preliminary examination was set
for next Monday. Kibler's bonds were
fixed at $1000, which he failed to furnish.
He had to go to jail. On the witness stand
Kibler testified that he saw and talked
with the plaintiff in Napa on November
13 IS9O. In giving this testimony Mrs.
Hagemeister says Kibler perjured himself.
She claims that she was in San Francisco
on that date. The plaintiff has been con
ducting a store in Napa for four years
past but broke up a few months ago.
From the testimony brought out at the
trial Mrs. Hagemeister has made every
effort possible to win the hand of some
gentleman in this place.
Fishermen Fined.
SUI SUN. March 21.— Several cases of
illegal fishing have recently been tried in
the Superior Court. Antonl Davis, who
was arrested on Carquinez Straits last
fall with small striped bass In his pos
session, which he had taken In a net.
pleaded guilty to-day to the offense and
was fined 5200.
Son Succeeds Father.
"WASHINGTON, March 31.— The Presi
dent has decided to appoint Charles
Barnes, at present vice and deputy Con
sul at Colopne. Germany, Consul at that
place to succeed to the vacancy caused by
the recent death of his father. Consul
John A. Barnes. The new appointee is
from Illinois.
PASO
ROBLES
Hot Sulphur Springs.
OTTO E. NEVER. Proprietor.
ONE OF THE MOST NOTED MINERAL
spring re3orts ar.d sar-itariucs in America.
Open aJI the year round. Marvelous cures of
rheumatism, blood, liver, k'dr.ey ar.d stomach
disorders. Famous mud and sand baths. Ele-
trant hotel accommodations. Kates, including 1
board, lodging, use of baths and advice of
resident physician.- $10 to $CS.
: pedal Bound Trip ebate Tickets.
. FRANK W. ELT. Citr Asent.
Tel. Main IMS. Xo. W0 Market rt.. S. F.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thonsaada of
cures of Rheumatism. Oout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. LJver and Kidney Dtseas*9. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urlsary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Ma*rsiflcent
»ven»ry. delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. UnequalM for health, rest ani
recreation. Tlates. J;2 to tl* per week. Trains
leave Third and Towawni street*. S. F-. 9 a.
m. and 2t3 p. m. daily. Caxria«es ax Gilroy
for springs. Fcr QXnstimted pamphlets addreas
R. ROBERTSON. Proprtetor.
EX-SENATOR GIBSON
OF MARYLAND DIES
Succumbs to an Attack of Heart Dis
ease, Following a I.ong Period
of Poor: Health.
WASHINGTON., March 31.— Ex-United
States Senator Charles H. Gibson of
Maryland died at 2 o'cLock this morning
of heart disease at the residence of his
brother, Lieutenant Gibson of the navy,
in this city, where he had lived since his
retirement from, the Senate. Last night
he visited the Metropolitan Club. Return
ing home about 10 o'clock, he complained
of feeling ill, but as he had not been in
good health for some time this did not
cause any alarm. His condition grew
worse and hi 1 o'clock a physician was
called. He sank steadily and died an hour
later. He leaves a widow but no chil
dren.
Charles Hopper Gibson was born in
Queen Anne County, Maryland, fifty
seven years ago. He was educated at the
Centerville Academy and Washington
College. C'hestertown. where his course of
study was completed. He was admitted
to the bar in 1564 and commenced the
practice of law at Easter. He was ap
pointed Commissioner of Chancery in IW9
and Auditor In the following year. He
held this office for three successive terms
and declined a renomination for a fourth.
He was elected as a Democrat to the
Forty-ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty-first Con
gresses and was appointed United States
Senator to fill a vacancy caused by the
death of Ephriam K. Wilson. taking his
seat December 7. IS9L He was elected to
fill the unexpired term on January 21, 1552
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
Insane Man Opens the Veins in Sis
Wrists.
STOCKTON. March 31.— Patrick O'Reil
ly, who was taken to the Detention Hos
pital early this morning to be examined
as to his sanity, made a desperate at
tempt at suicide. Breakfast had been
taken in to him and left there, he not car
ing to eat at the time. Half an hour or
fo later one of the keepers vrent to
O'Reilly's room, and there a horrible sight
met his eye. Blood was everywhere.
O'Reilly had broken his coffee cup. and
with the jagged pieces of crockery had
slashed both arms and wrists in a fright
ful manner. The blood was pouring from
several wounds and he was covered with
gore.
Further investigation showed that the
madman had atempted to dash his brains
out against the lower edge of the window
sill, inflicting a deep gash in his scalp.
The man's many wounds, none of which
were dangerous, were sewed up. ¦ "
It has been learned that O'Reilly once
served a term at the Napa Asylum, and
marks were found upon his wrists indi
cating that this was not his first attempt
at taking his life. The man Is about 50
years of age.
•& I — I I *f
* Joye CC s h $| d pa!r. EXCEPTIONAL VALUES IN sOc Hose.
*& r .^r IT" CTI 6?: - 3 pairs for $I.
Jt^ with 5-clafi, farter.- UI Q IJ^l BORR (5 g\ H& S |J* TP BAf P 1 B Xt: quality. 3 pairs ~9
ra^^^f'fi/"^ l^^ Rl^ll»Efyßl^ H^lll SI 1 Cfij Hsb I V fcr ? 1.00. Sizes Sto tT
?. -•• • %r
•- . TV *' *na«»a6e, cominer.clr.^ ti^-mornw-. a noteWorthy fa!e nt :-.!ch-c!a?» G^rmzr: Tab!? Llr.or.s. Napkins and Towels." T\> feel a wcr- /*
•-» t. > r r:;»->n ihit rr.aKnltcer.t otU^ixtm becasw of th» uau r aii:y h'.ph character of th» kx>Js to be placed on sale at extraordinarily low ?y
.err. Tt.ty ar^ the jr<>iuct!oa e.t the larp»-5t Llntn rrrar.ufactur<*r* In Germany, and have just amvp.i. The choicest and rorst effect-
Ivc <3e*.ra* are re^re«ated in this Sr/edal Offering. «nSch we Ehill sell • far below the present cost of Import. Here are soir.e details: *£?
r . •¦-¦;•' . . Z
«H|. 4Vr »A.n.l>— T^ir.ch C!eache<Ji T^ble Damask. In beautiful d»- Ql'*'* s TKtZES— 2-inch square Bleached Dajnask Napkins; <^»
*~ s:»;r,«; iruaranteed to ve^ir w«:i, Rr-jru!ar vaJ-je Tic yard. vl pure Linen; extra heavy quality; in pretty designs.
«5* fZ^r " i AnD-70-irch Bleached Tatle pimaik; warranted Refr-lar value tr«. jZ.
J; vj«-»w ;.ur< Linen; a. heavy 4^aliiy; W many r.e-.v design*. CQ4'> rX'ZEN— 23-lnch eTJare Bleached Damask Napkins; 2
Recdar value JI.M. " ' O — pure Linen; in ir.ar.y tasteful patterns. Regular value jgi
£ ( Hr VAP.D- TT-lr.a, Half-BJeacbel Tafcle Damart; an ex- ny °°- >y
i&t «-/t»w» reptJonaliy heavy <jujti!ty-, Jn chile? pattcrr.*. Kerular CQ.SO DOZKN— ?7-inch square Bleached Damask Napkins; In W^
*! valu * Jl3S; ' • *-* 0 the han-lsomest designs irr.aFi.-.able; the best Napkins L.
¦& CI.J;. YATUwrr-ir.'-h Bleached- Table PaTra«k- extra h»jvy 1 oLtß'.nab'.e fcr the price. Rtgular value ti.ZO. •{*?
* *-»! quaUty; njtHa beautiful tat.n f.n:.'.*-.; entirely nw <ie- CO.OII DOZEX— ISx» Hand-loom Huck Toweis; all Linen; in II
rit:rs.. P.fjrj:ar value fl'i. ¦_. ' O-^ a soft fln!eh; splendid value. Regular price R.oO a W»
t^ CI yr ' r.,V'i!-i:.\TRA iFPTTCIAL: Damask Tab!" Cloth*. 2 dozen.
«?* <T» I— — yar-Js f<j'-ar»; Is .th«-. choices! dwijrns: actually worth C*?-™'^ POZEN — 22x44 German Linen Hemstitched Huck
*~ X :/> «-ach. -tut; a« th*r **r« received without the papkin*. we OO Towels, in 'White. Red and Blue borders; extra heavy *JI
J£. mark thesa enly » 1415 >adh; ¦ quality. Regular price $6-00.
| «.»,.« I A WEEK OF STARTLING SILK SELLING. |«p™= — 1 1
Neckwear. Trlmminars. *S"
?i The daimi»>st a-a There is borne reason for our enormous Black Silk business; Everything that !* /*
rr^tt'f-«t ffrc'i hay? . . • ?, ¦?,-, . n , . «.,, . „ ? popular in Trlnminßf *^
r.rriv^* Bea-utifui Ja- advertising- aicne vnll not build up such a Black Silk trade. Sell- and Toklngs finds rep- Z
Luxk« &r flm ° rde ' : taff onl y dependable qualities that will give good wear is what cS-^on" haT never
¦^ 50c tv S3 C Q doesit. Our last week's sales of Black Taffeta Silks were unpre- ow?JsS«ss2S"i£
J£ ¦ - jedented; a^ain, for this week, we offer some exceptional values, waya/the lowest.^ i 2.
y ... ' __ 1
A -fARD — 24-ir.ch GUIXET Q^p- YARD — 24-lneh BONNET QST^ TARD-r.-irrh BO.VXET BLACK
J- OOt BLACK TAFFETA. Regular £J«J^* BLACK TAFFETA. Regular OOL TAFFETA. Regular value $1.10. i
A value 11.10. value 1L25. „
t (XG r YARD - :?-!r.rh GI'INET C 1.17 YARD - r-ir.cn BONNET tJOC -rcfesr ato S
-j-f OOC BLACK TAFFETA. R.RUl.ir , O ¦ BLACK TAFFETA. Regular quality: very commendable fcr dresi pur- *T
». Value iic. . VLilue $Li>j. poses. Resular value J1.15. j^
I THE LATEST FASHIONS IN SILK FOULARDS, f I
*? TVe havo ar?u»»I the er.th'jF'.a<=rr! of hur. :r*<!<> <^f fh^pp^rs by the sheer force of remarkable values In Foulard Pil)c« shown here, ** !
<fc Jr Kreater variety, better patterna and coJortcffi and lower prire-s than anywhere else in this city. This weeks showing is the best wl* \
~<& y*-t It *-mbr*c** a ivw fhin^.fr.t of 10 > pieces line quality J*-inch- Twilled Foulards, the hajidsomest and most exclusive deslgr.s *-* !
*,o ¦newn thlJ !rat:a. Os rale it <*Sc. *«:»<• ani ?I.«M> a yard. oQo J
I BLACK CREPONS. BEST BOUGHT HERE, BEAUTIFUL ARRAY OF WASH FABRICS, 1 1
r- The rnaiSafacture of Crejonr had lt» b^rlr.nir.^ in Hra-iford. j Everj- or.c is coir.mentir.p upen our frrar.d showing of Wash ~y I
*? luster and £Ood wearlnc qaaUUra. A !arjr>> purchase of these ¦ tiste*. PSmities ar.d Scotch Zephyr Ginehams.
J& eup."T"b crea:! tis of the w.-rl Is fec-st rkiliful weaver* so*« on sale Some special items for this week's creat selling: ft,
£ to-coorrowi;at prices lvwer than they can be cttalned elsewhere. nc« (\rjin J V No young laiy's summer outfit is quite com-
4* rOOr 00 . 1 ;'^"-'?. Pl^te -atthout at least one Oreandy ir^ ±L '¦
*~ PfarV Prenirs r "h<-ice rtyj*« r.ew Eng-lish Crepons: the rncst fr.T Inf Yarf! th!a ls an opportunity to secure one or more
*r u!Cwl\ Utw^J-19 «fT«-ct!vA j.atterns we. have ehown this season; 'vl lv " lulu " much h^low the regular pric*. A beautiful. " j2. i
*^ \Q ffl 3 Sllit t-arnct be duiiieated under 112 a Eult. - sheer quality, in Pink. Llrht B:u^. Green. Lavenier. Scarlet. ~ |
r\ *J.k«U » r u ' li Tellow and Black; a. limited quantity only; 25c grade for 10c a .->
•? K"vclt¥ Prcninc H;«rh«Kt nc^eltiei In Blark Crepor.s. represent- yard. V . *y.
nuICUJ biejJJ.ls :r.c th- dwicerti and m.^st exclusive *»i«na; .wlji nj j^,. Mcr.day's speciaj eelllnK we have selected K>¦
¦^? C 9 Hi a Cut rtca an<J l«»trou«: compr*M entirely cf Silk ani IJIIIIC rIUUS r '»ce* White Piaue for which you tav Ke b vari fr
T i^.UJ a SUIJ. V.ooi; t -: C ht diSerent patt.rr.s to.choc*e from. jg. yor^ ?: B^.eV* ani if^cu w!.h to avail vrJrsel* o' 9 T
:;^!irvthetU.«. ;, IDU IdlU. Mg tarsain ccme early and ge: svme 'of this favor- i^
t (Two items of Cclortd Dress Fabrics, ifte most de- ite summer fabric .. £
/g sirabh d springs fashion* for street costumes.) \ White OrgandieS *
4* iSP a Yard V( - attribute to the trr-at variety of our .toclt. A
ZL VpTS 4 ?n ninths :: -'" rh tnwartta Pu:tlr.«=s: cf a h-Hrhly OJ^ a IQIU. fit lower lets than the> . aro procurib i e e]se .
-5* 1% r'L il Hl !1S ¦ •¦¦"-«" ljFt-r: a beairtifulj sr.ft clcth: already where. We r.ffer'a rs-ir.rh sheer quality White Organdy, worth i 2»
S7 50 3 Sllit * h! "- ck £rJ I****6l »« «>« "«» l*u*el shad-" . 50c a yard, special at 35e a yard. %3r
* cray«d buck. S^^siMt a'e-iL f. Beautiful Ginghams . M^S^rt W S h^S *
•& Gray Homespuns ?s£&£ 'Oc a Yard. gg- «p gjg^a *
t'i Hfl a Cllit w'-ar fatr.c; in flve of the leading shades or guaranteed fast colors; well suited for Dresses and Shirt Waists, sy
"gt t»JfV.U C vtili Gray. We fcave boM thi* Identical cloth for *S
_£, 17.M a ¦«Bltr-"» b*w otbera." But this w«rrk. Fractal rrlce, PAQUIDUARIP Qllk' PPTTIPHATQ sf
-5* (Jew \Ui,w* Out *rr=ne wrapper, have arrived. One let ha. THEY ARE MADE OF THE BEST Il.ro TAFFETA. /£
<^- ntW Tfiajfjtli <¦.¦¦¦: i-i«<*ed to t« cold at s:.«clal : rices this A»rain to-morrow we offer a grand bargain in Ladles' Silk Pet- -^*
Jj tl 0^ Fsrh week; made of the bt-t Am^ri'-a.-V Percale; tn ticoats. A t11.50 Fkirt for *•»..%<». We purchased th»m especially ' i£,
"^r (>l,iO tOUI't ;-.iiy colorings ri I'jr.k -<-.r. ! White. Blue and for this "Sale." Made Sn the latest fashlcn. with the new deep
•^ V."h::e. n^a ar.d WMte &r.d Black and White; lined to waist; accordion-plaited flounce and dust ruffle; eige 1 with pir.ked •*
daintily braid trimmed, he! w.lh deep Sj^r.isr. fl^uace; all sizes.' ruffle; extra width; in choice colors of Vinlet. Red, New CJQ..">(> *fr
?^ gjwclaC f*l~Ti: w rth fLTi. Blue, Lavender, Cyrano and Black. Special at Each OO U
'sample Strips COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. New.Valen- £>
t. of Embroidery. ciennes Laces. ;*
4? We r-;*-at tb« »pc- .^--T""- '" Some extra special i*?~
i. '.'ir-r c*t cf V* TJ| im . , t|| iii *"" ml' T Jji^^ benefit of same. Four [T
-& I"""*'" ¦ and Sso a dozen.
LiiJlvl liUyVMlw'
Spnnff novelties In all departments now showing. HANDSOME
STYLES, more beautiful than ever In any previous season. j : . :.
BARGAIN SALES Monday and Tu-sday, April 2d and 3d.
DRESS SILKS Sviss T affeU Silks . the Z° oi wsarini ; qu^liy; hair
stripe J, se;r color, plaiis ani wiie sriprs; cnoic- coll-c-
u'on of colors ; regular 75c graJ?. Sals price ..........49c per yard
NOVELTY LACES lNsw Point Venice fancy in?*rTlnzs, Point Venice
ia'r* incrnTinrc allcvers, v?r/ choice styl-s, including some entirely
AMI !.\CStK I lIWjo n:w and nov-i 'effects. .Ask to see them.
Two choice patterns of Point Venice ai.'overs that w;:e imported to sf!l at
<2.c0. Special at ...—..^. $1.19
DRAPERY SILKOLINE Chrlce col^ani patterns % some are 28 ani
some ar? 3^ inches wide ; ; regular I2 !^c zradr.
Sj!? pri:e — ... 8= yari
SPANGLED NEITINGS &**&* b n^- sU K trimmings *!:h new
ducness bee -ff-rcts ; «a cream and black.
ico styies of elegant Silk ApDiujue, doth applique, tinsel
vrcnvrc embrolderei, duchess lace, taffrta tuck*^, corded ani hem-
>LolliNuJ stitched effects ; black, white and colors ; crtcei frcm......«.
; Sl.Ot) to 812. 00 per yard
NOVELTY PLLLEY BELTS-Maie of leather, silk, ribioh; finny hovel styles.
ELEGWT STYLES Of NECKWEAR in end ess variety. Just received. >
KQHLBERG/STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
: : 107-109 POST STREET.
1220-1222-4224 MARKET STREET.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, APRLL 1, 1000.
CITIZENS OF
IDAHO BACK UP
STEUNENBERG
Present a Petition Opposing
the Withdrawal of
Troops.
Express Their Approval of tlie Acts
That Have Been Done by the '-.
Governor and State
Officials.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— Governor
Steunenberg of Idaho to-day called at -the
War Department and presented in person
to Secretary Koot the petition to which
he referred while under examination be
fore the House. Committee on Military
Affairs in regard to the retention of the
Federal troops in the disturbed ' mining
districts. The Governor had refused to
produce the petition before the committee
until he had tirst submitted U to Ifie Sec
retary of War,. to whom it was addressed.
Tb'e petition bears about :^v signatures
and recites that all of the Signers me citi
zens of Idaho and oJt the county of' Sho
shor.e and the Coeur d'Aleno mining dis
trict. They petition that the B*cretarJ
of War allow the small force of Federal
troops to remain In tho Quarters provided
for them ami occupied by them- at tho
town of Osborn, Shoshone County, for' as
long- a time as Governor Steunenberg may
think their presence necessary for tho
preservation of peace and order. .
The citizens also express their approval
of all the acts that have been don* l»y th«
Governor and the officials of their state
to preserve peace and order and to bring
criminals to justice.
The petition says that some of the acts
of the State authorities may appear to
people at a distance to bo drastic and se
vere, but the signers, who are familiar
with the conditions which existed for
several years prior to the declaration of
martial law last May, know that drastic
measures were necessary to stop the band
of conspirators; who, shielding themselves
behind the name of the labor organiza
tions, had created a reign of terror and
tyranny seldom equaled in the history of
the community. .. .%
In conclusion the signers beg- to state
that the efforts of the Governor and tho
State officials. &;ssh-,ted by the military au
thorities, have brought peace and good
order to the district and given an impetus
to all business interests and a sense of
safety to all. people, which are highly ap
preciated and for which the signers are
grateful.. ____^'--
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The raort attractive r'-ace in Lake Ountr t3
sr>end your racattcn. B^atlne. lyatMsi. Bowl-
ing tennis. lSvery. new walks, etr*. Wrtte for
circular to H. "WAMBOLJX
Laurel De!l. Lake County. Cal.
11 p rer c - TCCALOMA, *&»
BERTRAXD HOTEXi— First -t '.3m accotnm.-»-
datlons; reasonable rate*; flshlntr: beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERT-
RAND, or Pohl's shoe store. K4 Kearcr St.. 5.
F.. every Frldar from I to 5 o'clock.
16ft' -*»»«. » .... ? » . ' 3' ¦ >* * ¦ »»»»-•> =-»'* ' • ° • » ' • » S » £ ? = » » . , , .»:..» , , , » > jn
| We start on Monday an extraordinary Before-Easter Sale of Broken or Short Lots from various manu- 3
I facturers of fine Clothing for Men and Boys — Men's Hats, Choice Neckwear, etc.; new, correct Spring styles, to 3
which we have added all of our sh )rt lots in these lines and reduced the prices to figures which will
not and cannot he duplicated. . This great sale include? only desirable, much-in-demand merchandise.
• £3r*\ * which we have added all of our sh )rt lots in these lines ;
* w°^ no * ans * Ganno * & c duplicated* This great
X 1^!/ s* -*£' I^ ot l ~ Wen's $20. 00 Suits for $f0.75—20 styles of Imported
J' j^CT*^ **<&&£^¥}Fi Worsteds, Gassimeres and Vicunas, in every fashionable color, from plain black to the
*.* fvvSUr Vtf/L most pronounced checks and plaida — every suit »ewn with silk, trimmed artistically
& *Sr^K&lK**3S t&&ss'rZ / Jsk antl cut in the most approved up-to-date fashion. '?'•>,•
£ i?^^W&££** os^ss£k Lot ~~ Mcn ' s $15.00 Suits ion $t0.75—30 styles of worsteds,
tf^r'^b '*^KS* i!v7 fc^'^-'O casaimeres and cheviots; neat effects in stripes and plaid?; thoroughly tailored; per-
v F^^^^^^&iS QSm*^ eOt hod- Men's 5t 2.59 Suits fon $10.75—10 styles of cassimeres
V t^t^A^^^r\ and cheviots, light and dark shades, in nobby mixtures; not a thread of cotton in any
*• frcaS! '^^^ \iifcki&§ of these suits; not a poor back number garment in the lot.
& vBS **H3^R?S!fc94 US^? Lot 4 Boys' $6.5 J and $7,50 Suits for $4.95 -Long Pants
*¦ VyyA S^r^S" F^cf Suits for boys 13 to 19 years of age; handsome strictly all-wool materials In spring
V W^i^,^^^^^3^*S patrerns and coloring**: "first-elas3 trimmings; aplendid wearing garmgnt<.
v 1 I Lot s— Boys' 950 Star Waists for 42c-- Best
*• t^**3^i"fstf& \ ® waists made; 30 dozen only, in percales and madras of desirable
& j^^^^sl^T V/ patterns and colorings at above price.
i reaucsa me prices zo figures which win jG^lsr:^^ *
? includes only desirable, much-in-demand merchandise. >^^^@Sv^^^y?^s!ti, *
Lot 6— Boys' $3.95 2-pioce Suits for $2.85— f0r ages Bto 15 JO? «
years — the new Oxford Gray Vicunas, strictly all-wool and tastefully made np. /^^ ** /\\ J¥ 5
Lot 7— Children's $3*95 Blouse Suits for $2 95— These M^ 7 iIUM (I /^vl'y 5
pretty little Blouße Sailor Suite are made up in the new style with long cut blouses of I rjSET. ;"^ r ~^l Xb/_yC / •*
handsome blue cheviots with 6 towb of silk souttcha trimming in red, black and white — h=- y". H=^- L_ wJ^ ==! *^j^T ! "l "5
?3.95 would not buy them elsewhere. ./^ : ••¦.¦. ; , ~ . : . ..; . ¦ ,- . •'¦:•¦ • J<^^^^^) i^rit'H^'j • «*•
Lot S— Children's $2.95 Vesteo Suits ***- >'-Qg-ii'--~>' -^^^^^^^^g^ .^ri=t:i;:l;JvA:. {{
materials in gray and brown mixtures;, deep, sailor collars or tha nevr coat collar; sixes £'' j?' : ¦' XT' JL*L^d -4{
for boys 3to 8 years. •• " • : ' •... -; : ; ; ".'.'. ¦¦; .'.•';;¦¦ •'"'.-. ¦¦ "¦'¦¦¦' /I f~?' /dS '—tz^,i, *»
Lot 18— Men's Flannatctto Nightshirts 37c— Excellent m3te- \\ /' /' >4^ \
rial, good, desirable pattern*, full cut, exfcra long and well made; a great bargain. >£? ; ,-;'' / ''/sl^& c— ' -A ' r K
Lot 9—SOo K . &E. Waists tor 33o—F&st color, unlanndered per- I V^^^^^i •*
cale waists for boys 6to 14 years of age; stonily made; one of^ the beet waists for ''Sr^^t/^^ •*
rough wear m annfactured. ' '¦" .. ;" • '-•.-: : ¦ . ¦ : ; .-.' w^t^ir 5
¦' ¦ ¦-" ¦¦¦: : " •¦¦¦¦¦•.¦' ;• ¦•.¦¦•.: :-' : ;--: • ; i'>-' ">-V **Wi»> >> ' -fS
x Lot Id— Hats worth up to 54.00 for $1.88. A short Lot IS-ATott's Fancy striped Homo, 2 pairs for 25p-m. Lot 11— Men's 50c Nookwear for 25c-Part of a4OO %
$ lot of about 200 Men's Stiff and Soft Hats; the stiff Hat 6 in black, gjf fjfty^^^^ dozen lot purchaaed from a prominent manufacturer who decided- -to $
ft light and dark browns and contrasts; the soft hats in pearl, black, less than 25c a pair. " ; clean up. his stock; all new choice, seasonable neckwear; this particu-
x brown, cedar and contrasts; all of them desirable shapes, but the sizes Lot 14— Men's Unlaundered Shirts 3Oc— Just 64§ ilojen : . in . lar lot consists of Imperial flowing end scarf 3 and graduated four-in- "^
ft" in some lots are broken; we have your size in some one of them; our reg- this lot of men's unlaundered white shirts, carefully made of excellent mußiin, with re- ¦ hands (the new shape that ties so easily and nicely); the Imperials S
X ular prices were $2.45, §2. 85, 52.95, $3.45 and $4.00, your choice this . have ° nly these siM3: 14 ' Uh IQ}h U and 17^, hence - our ex " are in many colorings/mainly striped effects; the four-in-hands are in J
V week at $1.88. Lot .16— Men's Natural Gray 'Underwear <' 36 o— Soft fleece light and dark browns, in the heliotropes, blues, reds, etc., for spring, £
ft Lot 15 — Men's Laundered White Shirts 4-3O—A. better quality materials, well made, ju3t the right underwear for workingm?n, well worth 50c per 1900. ;.: : : ¦ S
%> :han the unlaundered shirts at 30c. These shirts have so.d for $1 and $1.25 each; 84 garment. . Lot 19— Men's S wea tors 81 C— Closely woven, serviceable garments, *
X dosenm.3i«s .l4. 14J, 16J. 17 _and 18 only on sale; if your size is among them you can j Lot 12-Men's 15c to 50 C NecUwear tor 6o— Silk string with striped trimming on neck and cuffs; collars blue, green and garnet; larga sixes £
ft 5 ' t W ? i*^ tS M r Jif,£ riC t.?i««« f*««^ /f.^.wn^ -7/1/I— Rhi-rtA and ties, in stripes, dots and Persian designs, that were made to sell for 50c; Lawn only; hence the extraordinary sale price. j»
% in *£t^°Vji%£^ 1 *- taD « bnff ' blueorwhite: and : Lot2O-M o n's Working Goat Gloves 25c-Stout gloves for hard *
* are full cut and well mad-. wash four-in-hands in pmka. bluea and grays. | work; have leather string fastenings; you will find none better at 50c a pair. jr
ft -*- — : — — — ¦ ~
I Easter Silks. Metal Plaques.
ft Foulards are in greater demand On S~p cial sale CKimdaV only
£ than ,££ of the t ther ,)^ a 7t R for s f " A very large assortment of hand-
* son 19-50 — more than 100 different de- 1 j • a \r + 1 pi nn nn O c
ft signs are shown this week from which somely designed Metal Plaques
2* to select your Easter costume— Per- 16 inches in diameter — they are
ft* sian hemstitched effects and silk and finished with gold rims and look
ft satin finish— the most popular color- exactly like oil paintings— good
ft" ings are browns castor, gray, blues, 1 \n- v -"i
ft rote and the new pastel Shadea-per value at 7oc eaoh-special
{. yard ...75c to $USO Monday. J JC
l Sterling Silwei* IM®w&Bs§®&, 15g*
i A Special Sale for Monday Only.
& We have made an-
X S fii^^p^^^^^^^^^^li^'^i u'acturer of sterl-
i: r4r 4 i f ~^ : = s = I«^<L— v II X?r There are 144 °
X p I IP if pieces in this lot,
ft: V i /^^fM^^^'^F*^ m the handles of the
X \ fe'^^/ fe^%» §& articles being 925-
X <J \^>^ V^^" :: 1000 fine sterling
ft silver. The handles are in the exact patterns shown in the picture —
X much larger of course — and there are 10 useful articles in the collection— Nail Files,
ftr Button Hooks, Shoe Horns, Tooth Brushes, Nail Brushes, Roller Blotters, Stocking
ft* Darners, Cuticle Knives, Curling Irons and Latter Openers. To-morrow 41 EnLgtx
% (Monday) only, each M*M%*
X —
i Easter Bibles
i , and
$ Prayer Books.
J^ Seems as though book manufacturers
%' were working for nothing. Did you
fci 1 ever hear of such low prices as these ?
£ Genuine "Oxford Biblo," $1.50
515 1 Workers' Elition ¦. 75c
X Genuine "Oxford Bible," *2.00
£ Workers' Edition .$l,lO
Z Illustrated Teach r's
H Eih.c. 600 illustrations in the text, ;
?, full concordance arid help3 — publisher's
g price .r3.50, our price. .....$1.58
X "Key of Heaven," size 2l*3i
JI inches, £-inch thick, bound in Palestine
£> sea!, red under gold edges — publisher's
Si price $1-10, our pric*. SOo
*! * f Key of Heaven," same a3
2f above only one pize larger type; 3x4 %
J^ inches — publisher's price $1.5 : .». our
*k price. -¦...... : ; 65c
£ Religious Books in fancy Easter
fir Bindings, each..l9a, 25c ani 290
*- Full line of Rosaries an. l Scdptir
% Jars. : W&MI
I Pretty Easter
I Dress Fabrics.
%i New arrivals of special shipments of
X late novelties for our Easter Dre?s Goods
? Di-play. Now ready the largest and
% most perfect collection .ever exhibited in
*( this market. '-;-¦
ft. '48-inch Armures in 12 leading spring
$ coloritgs, yard....... $ImtO
J» 46-inch Imperial Crepon, correct weight
ft* and color effects for calling costumes,
* yard $1.75
ft* 54-inch kid finish Venetian Cloth, spring
ftl colorings, including the new pastel
# shade?. 4 qualities, yard,
ft' $1, $1.50, $2 and 62.50.
ft* Import, M l Novelties in camel's
£- hair and boucle, grays, tans, castor, blue
fe' and heliotrope, complete suit patterns
g $15.00 to 220.00
X / ~ —
|: Vases, Jardinieres
x You will need them for the
X Easter flow- ,* . » .
g dinieres f^t^^^^^^^\
X border — 7 inch- . .
ft es across the top.. '. SOc
X Bohemian
•T Ci^X>^i Vases—
I- N^A>^ - pitcher shape
ft; \ r*( — rnbyßhaded
X L/i to crystal — :
ft 'J\ (fe. ' " w 'tb charm-
ft* ". Wf m> ing gold and ;
S» '//4 4S V^sk-> nwer decora- •
ft* if \\? -^U tions - he ignt
ft' S or\h 1B»^'/ !i // inches —
%* +^3 \// Bohemian
X J « \^ JJ Va-es —
*•* /^f^M- ~^^\ j 11 1 1 crystal .and
ft' l.^S/ r SSS/j|H embossed
J* \ -'^kJ=^ with gold dec-
U ontions —
|£ wide opening at top— height 13J inches —
v F*" 5 SOc
X ¦
t° flew Notions.
X Dress Binding — every variety — yard
Jt 7c to 15p
J, Pompadour Hair Rolls— each...'. '..
& 5c to 25c
ft' Dress !;hie;ds — standard qua'ities-^piir
15c to sOc
ft* Horn Dre?s Bones — every piece perfect;
ft* 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 inch sizes — dozen....
$ 6 : to 12c
X
Easter Laces
and Trimmings.
Complete Point Lierre Lace Robes
$15.00 and 517.50
Complete Spangled Net Robes A.
..515.00 to $33.00
Black Chantilly Bands (new), per yard....
23c, 35c, 50c
Black, Gold and Silver Spanned Bands....
10c, Isc, 25c and 50c
¦ Chiffon Spangled Gimps
SOc, 65c, 75c, Sl.oo
¦ Appliqued Festoons 50c, 75c, Sl.oo
Point Venise Lac23.:.10c, 15c, 25c, 50c
Po nt Venlse Bands..2sc, 35c, 50c, 75c
Point Venise All-Overs, yard..SMO to S3
•' ¦ :
: Corset Safe.
.An assorted lot of
/^^"S^\ Corsets,' consist-
{^ f Y/ G., Kabo"s, War-
. V ( \ ner's and Thomp-
\ \ son's that have
V\ Csf^ -\ \S' always sold from
" &¦«&"*!$. J? W-oO to 53.00 per
pair.- We haven't
\wsf I the. full line of
f/^Xf/yf ¦$ ' s^ ze3 ip any one
fefiFVY/iv^ style, but we have
if\f(f [/^^i *. your E ' ze ' n 60me
iM^Jr of the styles; your
choice St.'uO
Bicycfe Sundries.
If you ride a bike you cannot afford to
buy your supplies outside of the big
store. Note these prices :
" 19 X) " Solar Gas Lamps; $3*oo
" 1900 " 2jth Century Gas Lamp 5........
$3.00
2^th Century Oil Lamps $2.25
Light-weight Oil Lamps ....SI.OO
Christy Saddles, ladies' or men's.. si QO
Toe Clips, 5 styles tOo to SOc
Bicycle Bells, electric stroke.....
•"- 250 to 75g
Sheep Bells, with strap 25 \
*' Nover-Leak " Tire F uid, can 500
P.& M Graphite, with brush... lOC
Stick .Graphite, in nickel tube 5g
Patching Cement,- in tubes So
Rim Cement, in tube 5o
"Hold-Fast " Cement, in can 15c
Luggage Carriers ;
...15c, 45a, 55c to $1.30
Barnes' Wrench, 30 C; U. S. Wrench ...
206
M. & W. Repair Kit 2O i
Vimoid Repair Kit ....4OQ
Duniap Double Tube Clinch Tire?, per
P*ir - : • $&.5O
G.&J. Double Tube Clinch Tires, per
pair.: ...:.......$9.50
1L & W. Double Tube Tires, pair.£6.sO
¦ M. &W. Inner Tubes 3>1m25
Wall Paner.
Window Shades.
We will close out this week a number
of short lots and remnants of desirable
Wall Papers. . There are more than 50
pat' ems of different price papers included
in this saJe.
25 de?;gns that Were 25c to -40c per roll,
special at 12\c
10 designs that were 15c a roll, special
at....... .Wo.
10 designs that were 10c and 12Jc per
roll, special at ; 7&O
5 designs that were 8c per roll, special
at : , :.. 6c
Many -lots so small that they must be
called remnants, now special per r011...
• : 5c
"Bring the length, breadth and height of
.you rooms vith you. ? J '„
Opaque Window Shades—
36 inches wide 7 feet long, each.3sc
Paper Windcrw Shades, 36 inches wide. 7
feet long, each 15c
Exquisite Easter Styles
Hats and Garments.
$125 ™* to*- .^^^2%, Vie to P hat * an
er pifture &^2JBb^£K imported model
illustrates a superb o^&'s J ffii%\ f tom 'Ftubty, ruf-
Imported Tan Cloth o&;£BsxKßc> " P ei braii > tutte
[Model Gown, ap- i^-j^^^^m^ covered, spray of
pliqued over pile i rlW^^%'-- pastel roses, face
I \ green nlk ; only one *mO "*^ trimming of ies-
ot these (not two), f .tocngrapss.s3s
and it should ¦be 4?*~,^Ji% : - ,^' This design copied
$200. m^mj^-- "for $20 ;
$100 ne u >- ,~-<P.:-;W'ir&i> The hat in center
per pic- : | ipQ^^^M is an m P° rted vi -
tii'e shows an hn- •£ ferWRFS rf^\|| : rot model of tucked
ported Tan Gown, '4 pink chiffon, French
simple in design, but /| -y^^^Xf^i^iA roses and foliage,
very elegant; only ;. j&r&ffiYsZsjo>&if^ velvet ribbon, tie
one of these (not W/VmW^^ :baw.......§39
too); should be fi 25 t»V '^ This design copied
$921 The char- I&^%£-J f or * 2 °-
mm? Go-jon The I wer picture
in the cente picture, /W '•:'.:• V^f^il) ;>; > represents a Lnn
an Impor.ea Violet I:';,! rfe-Ki'Y*? Faulkner imported
Cloth Dress, em- i:= :; model, spangled net
brJdered with velr &'-, /?v^-f ¦&.s '*Sj* turban, inched chif-
vet violets, so per- $'\* ¦'W^.^i^S^ Jon crowi, had-
fectiv na.uul that ?,'£• WsF^^!m£ semi p!umtss3S
you seem to inhiU / j\.' f| *"> This design copied
the pttiume; only jrj£ 1 H p \ fot $18 .
oneofihsse (not js^ '&s£# •> Coty of imported
/ttw >* / / '^\7'A \ $ 3 y model, fim
$27k For Eton f %^pMSS V straw, folded tutte,
T>> esses; / ( %.0^^ r m^^\ V foliage, shaded
cose copies of .m- ' '; \.^m'^& : !r£si\ \ chrysanthemums,
ported $60 model j I %\,U/ ]fejg^H| \ vei^t tie bow n
,owns. ro>: )ffljSß^|^ pretty buckle. slB
$13\ For Eton ?§£ /& n ) VVI / A Copi'S of exquis-
Dr esses; If y*< rS??>fWft T& C '^ ite $3° modds J Wm
close copies in both V /. 'iL^Jd%fi>/*%£} U a linn Fiench an.i
stile and finish ''"" l&^Wlw^ / / New Yurkmikers..
(lower price ma- J&^^— V^- '' ...$l5
Uriah, of course) s^^gtr^' Rouob and ßea.iy
or $30 model gowns # Stew Hals, straw
$7 F * %bbjn ft . VjS&mM&U&} bjw, w>-it satm
and Lac t j band . . . $£.50
and ; Handkerchi f I y ':^^^W> Yourg Ladies'
Waists th.t icph I Caviller Hat, P.ra
like thise costing •« - braid, pelican quill,
lines tbis price. »* 'Jrh* Oriental sik sea /..
$31 For TtAible- ii p Sji^.& &/ G3 75
90 Fa ed Walk- Uj tfScgSiS?? "n'r,*mn^
j/- n- c-l- . ! r'X '\ * «. ¦' r^A y Our famous
i»g and Golf Shr.s; , .^, Jumbo Sailor, wi:h
box pleat; maerals - r ' 0 \fj®io>*gi band of folki dois
alomcosiatre^ne .^f^M^ and iarious de-
show; .he hzndsonu " - V*& isSf \ finest br,td^
estasso,lmntlhat . '^J^y^^M ' ' '•''.:] ysf' 2s
we hive ever owned. Violets tins ses-
S3\ For Summer Ws% ?$W^ \ So l S > 2 hune 2?i"
* Plaid Flan- ' W^'^^Pk "" r ' r 2 ,r G ,
nel WaisU.no Hn- - ' 04iss Hobbs
¦ ing, in the new pas- / vC M U SsrpA H^§S Turban, inched Uf-
xel shades; close /ffijQ>s&&cU ' 'f eta silk crown >
Cpvof he charm- /S -'X\ f'''*^ "?'vW . lar * c M* ° r blach
ing $7 mod-Is. * " *V I • •• £^<iftg w/w/ ...$G
I 15,000 PtET3SrO"W r 2Sr CIGARS
I ' • OIV SALE THIS WEEK, '^ W
j 2 for 5c or 1O for 25c
Bla®k Or ess ®®®sis -Remnants
. One- Quarter Off Already Reduced Prices.
Black- Dress Goods Remnants have been accumulating at such a rate
that we find it necessary to clean them out now, almost at the beginning
of the season. There are waist and skirt lengths, and even a few. suit
lengths of new Crepons, Merserettas, Serges, Cheviots, Venetian Cloths,
Alpacas, etc. — perfect fashionable goods — One - Quarter Off
Marked Prices* ; . • ' :
~~Silver Tabieware. Easter Jev/elry.
Increasing business necessitated the mov-' . Wal ' st Sets— stone settings or 'enameled—
ing of the silver-plated ware to morespacious - oc > '& c > 50c » 1 1 - 00 ' 3 1 - 50 to 92 OO
quarters in the rotunda adjoining the jewelry Pm Sets— 2sc, oOc. <oc and ...*/.CO
department. Note our prices for the well- .Stick Pins— loc, 25c, 50c, 7ocand....^f-OO
known, one-better Roger Bros.' 1847 Al sil- .Broodies— 2sc, 50c,. 75c, $1.00, $Lsl> and
verware: . '¦'".' -¦••¦ -,- • • • $2mOO
Plain Satin Teaspoops-set of. 6 SI.OO Linkjßuttons-25c, 50c, 75c,- ? 1 - c g^^'
Plain Satin Tablespoons or Forks-set , of 6 . . E^p\^i^"£ c '-'^l'^Twto.^
- *p£*iM%i . S2mGO
Fancy Patterns Teaspoons or Forks-set of sterling 'sYlver'Netheraoie'BraceVe'ts-- 50c to
6..- • - $1.30 ? : : $3 OO
Fancy Patterns Tablespoons or Forks— set of Sterling Silver Prayer-Baok Mark with 3
.6 '• ...$2 GO symbols — heart, anchor and cro*.. — 25c.
12-Dwt. Platen Knives— set of 6 $f.60 50c and $1 OO
1 CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Pulley Belts. Confirmation *
Ton will need one of these latest, most GIOVCS. ¦{?
stylish and most perfect fitting belts for .5
your Easter costume. We nave the kinds that will be 35
Za Za Pulley Belts— in patent leather, needed — either kid, silk or taffeta >*¦
width 2J inches, the very latest c** _ in the j ate3t styleg at mo derate $
B!ack"and CoYored'SatVnVuiiey Belts .... prices. j
sOc to $1.25 Misses' 2-cla3? White Kids ...SI,OO «*
Dog Collar Be ts — Black. Brown Misses' White Sik Gloves — pair 4-OG 5
or Tan...... 500 *O $1.50 Misses' White Taffeta Gloves — pair.2s»C ji
East&r Neckwear and Veiling, s
10,000 Yards Novelty Veiling Shown This Week. $
in the new skeleton '%&£. j<F^'s~^ \
meshes with velvet spot?, £* "Sfcfi &&£s~^t£&> fc^Vjr^L^ '*!
yard.. ..250 to $1.25 !!?•_* JS^^fj^ 25 - J^W^J *
100 styles, each.; &&-z3\s' S?^/^ :2: 2
Point Llerre Applique ':' iffi I Wh'/sfcst **%i"^V ; ' /^£^V^*. %
Wash Veil?, cream or VOfV^-V yr^^L { *"-' j^/^' * 'it
white 250 to $1 /®to?tf\ * /w-^. : I *b^ ' WSr^ifizh *•
Confirmation S£ffi&> "."^ T* S
or Bridal Veilings, per .*
yard 75c, $1, $1.25 *
Ostrich Feather Boas, gray and white, black and white and natural color, each £
;..... , $12.50 to $22.50 5
Black Ostrich Feather Boas, extra quality $Q. 50 to 5/5 «J
Easter Neckwear— Charming creations from Paris, London and New York, jj
positively the most beautiful collection ever shown by the big store — Silk Chiffon Ja- #
bota, $1 to $2; Crepe de Chine Scarfs, $1.50; Novelty Lace Barbe3 .J
..50c to $1.25 *{
&Qcw V^eckxvear Dep't.—i^ptunJa. {J
, -
Materials for
Confirmation
Dresses.
White Silks— Taffetas in Domestic,
French and Swiss makes — beautiful
soft finbh— yard
85c, 900, $1.25
White Satin Duchesse — 22 -inch— yard
$1.10 $1.50
White Open-work Effect Silk — 21-incb —
yard $1.00
White Brocaded Silk — new designs— yard
750 to $2.00
Plain White Poplin— 2l-inch— yard
$1.00
Plain White Bengaline — 22-inch — yard...
$1.53
White French Organdy —
68 inches wide — very fine — perfectly
even in weave — yard 500
Other gradts of Imported Whiis Or-
gandies— 6B incb.'S vide — ~9om 35c to
$1.25 per yard.
Single Width White Organdies— 32-inch
lOC to 25c
White India LI nan — specially
fine— yard 2 JO
White Swiss — the real Belfast
goods yard 12\C to 500
Mercerized White Fancy Weaves — yard
25c, 35c
White Piques — either cross or
vertical cord 3 - small, medium and large
effects — yard.. ...2Jc to 750
Dress Linings.
A complete assortment of the substi-
tutes for silk, the imitation so clever
that they can only be detected on a close
inspection. Also all the standard makes
of linings at popular prices.
20-inch Silk Serge Lining — black and
colors, for tailors and fine dress mak-
ing—yard GOo
SG-inch Spun Glass Dress Lining — biack
and all colors, the best substitute for
silk taffeta ever shown — yard 25c
Wool and Silk Moreen — newest colorings,
best quality — yard. -. SOc
Wash Foulards.
We offer one case only of fine-grade
Wash Foulards, a perfect fac simile
of the high-grade silk goods, in at-
tractive designs and rich colorings —
per yard _ 35c
Grocery Prices
This Week.
Corn and Succotash— Fancy
Maine, the very beit that money can
buy. tin 9ct
Ham— Best Eastern, lb- ...Me
Sugar— Beat Dry Granulated, notwith-
standing the advance 20 fbssl.OO
babbitt's Best Soap -7 bars...
...25c
WhitO Figs — Californic, 3 pkg?
..: 25c
Lard— Best Omaha, S-lb tins 3O 7
Washing £oda—2s lbs. 250
Imported Sardtnes — Regularly
2 for 25c, tin 100
Liquors
This Week.
Scotch Whiskey— Very old Wil- :
liam Wiliianu), regularly $1.25 bottle
: 88c
Raerborry Syrup— First quality,
bottle ........320
Zinfsndel Caret— Our 6-year-
old 75c quality, per gallon ¦¦ 480
Spring Opening :«
of New «
Furniture- Carpets $
Large invoices have been arriving for 5
past two weeks. An elegant complete
new stock to select from now. "We quote 3*
below a few low prices, all extra good
values: *<g
Carpets. s
Tapestry Brussels, good, durable carpets "¦»
new, neat patterns, per yard 45c &
Tapestry Brussels, 10-wire goods. Der «
yard '. 750 \
Elegant Axminsters, choice new dea ; gna. C J
per yard $ImOO jj
Body Bru3sel3, all leading makes, b-st *<«
wearing carpets made, per yrvr :.¦£>/» 15 X
New Linoleums, Art Squares, Matting,
Rugs, etc. }f
Furniture. \*
Handsome Extension Table, solid golden
oak, extends 6 feet $9-75 %
Golden Oak Hal! Hatracks, with 18x30 X
French bevel mirror $11 25 •*
Solid Golden Oak Bedroom Set, 7 pieces, *«j
with 24x30 French pattern plate mir- st
ror $29.25
Parlor Sets, 5 elegant pieces, noholstered £
in velours or damasks $22.75 X
A complete new line of Office Detiks, -J
Chairs, etc *<«
~" ~ X
Sfylish te-^ $
Footwear, t* >£ :5
Ladies' Tan Chrome Kid Lace '• y\ •*
Shoes, ia the new ,'* Yj\ j|
spring shape shown in C 3J f S^\Y4, . «J
illustration, light flex- IF x J
ible sewed soles, coin fg \%Q S
toes, straight gLs^TF^
tips; the big /"^ J\ X
store's price y^N-^^ *'
per pair / i
$2.50 C^^ •*
Children' 3 Vici Kid Lace or J
_ Button Shoes, neat coin X
V^"^i toes and patent leather •*
|i^k«\ tips, cloth or kid tops; we *5
Ek recommend them as x
fi^ a serv i cea^^ e » long- •*
rSi v"§v^ wearing sho-— 2
ftt\ Sizes SJ to 11. jc
-$1.23 *
Sizes Hi to 2.. -^
$1.38 x
s
Soaps, Perfumes, x
Etc., for Easter x
Toilets. x
4711 Cologne Genuine— imported — bottle 5
~ 35c x
New Carnation Toilet Water -3-ounc.o *J
bottle 25c x
Limbert's Listerine — new size — gtnran- X
teed genuine 2Oc 'J
''New Soap" - Savon la Barones^e — corals '5
yi Vio et. He'iotrope and Peau x
pagne od^rs — box of 3 cakes ....35c «'
New. Chamois Powder Pmf — already <£
ready — for pocket or purse — price \
V H 250 5
Kelt's Rum and Quiniaa Hair Tonic 8- %f
ounce bottle ; 500 x
Seven Sutherland Sifters' Hair-Grower— Jf
large bottle 65c
Seven Sutherland Ssters' Hair-Grower — x
small bo^Je 35c •*
}-lb bar r ure Transparent Glycerina '2
Soap i ~1O? X
Guard Fib Sachet Powder*— all odor- — .*
cnnce .- " f 35j «J
Rose Milk Toilet Soap— box of 3 cake*... «
\ Wo *
Victory Glove-Cleaner — guaranteed to .5
' do the work, box 250 X
THE EMPORIUM.
FORTIFICATIONS
MEASURE PASSED
THE HOUSE
Seven Million Dollars for
Defense During the Com
ing year. -- : '=
Kepresentativcs Indulge in a Politi
cal Argument on Imperialism,
the. Tariff and the
::¦-¦:- Trusts.
;• ¦ *
WASHINGTON*. March 31.— The House
to-day finished "a hard : week'is work by
passing the « fortifications appropriation
•¦bill: Not v a .single amendment was of
fered and the bill passed as it came from
the committee. It carries JT.OS3,tSS. A
three hours' political debate was precipi
tated by a general political speech made
ty Shattuc of Ohio, many members on
both sides being drawn into it. A rtsolu
ticn was adopted to re-elect the present
board of managers of the National I Sol
ciers Home.:; -..:
When the House to-day proceeded to
the cor.*ideration of the fortifications iap
propriation bill, it was agreed that gen
eral debate on the measure Bbonld not ex
c«<i one and a half hours. Htmenway
of Indiana, in charge of the bill, explained
Its provisions. It carries 17.03.455, or $4.
: 656.450 lets- than the; estimate*.* He said
the reductions had be« r. maae because it
had been -cemonstrat. a that the Govern-:
ment. could manufacture its own guns
cheaper than it. could buy them and the
appropriation would be : sufficient to keep
our gun factories at work t-ipht hours a
day for the ensuir.er : year. The Govern
ment, he' said, manufactured li-inch guns
chtcper by tWjDOQ each than they could be
purchased and lv-:r.ch guns JTSOO cheaper.
Shattuc Scores Tillman.
Shattuc of Ohio, under the latitude al
lowed ia general debate, followed with an
hour's speech on! genera! political topics,
the tariff, expansion and election laws.
Shattuc denounced the inconsistency of
Southern siattsmen in demanding that
the natives of <.«ur insular possc^ions be
given all line immunities of Ameirean citi
zenship, whiie they are using all their in
genuity *.o rob the Southern negroes of
the Constitutional rights conferred upon
them. He took as his text an extract
from a recent speech of Senator TiUman
of South Carolina and said:
Tfc'it- distinguished Southern Senator, while
pJeai:r.F for the j.-eo;.;t in the Philippines, who
*re by comparison 50 per cent !•-*« capable of
*e]f-£overnmeni than are any of our people;
»hue claiming for them ali^-gt-d constitutional
nph'-a; while ciaimins that they have no right
to bt gaverced without their consent, if at
the same, time .adnii'.ti-f ani toasting of it.
tco, in the lace o! the Uoverninmi :iselj. that
he sanction* the oppression of our own people.
who under • our constitution u^xt the line
richts exactly as . they have themselves.
¦\\vu!d you fchoot a poor Filipino into eub
misstonr: be; asked. t-" Would yon force them
to income citizens of the United Etat»»?" he
quf-ried. ..-¦¦.. ¦
. No. not if every person in the Philippine
ItOands tiiouM petition to beccnie citizens of
t> - !"r.:t*d ttites tr they were to receive the
&i.rr.« inhuman trcaUKtr.t a:t»-r submitting and
aner l^ccmins citizens c£ the United s-tatts
that iKilllcaa cf our people, who are citizens
r. m. receive in the South at the hands of the
Democratic party. In shooting submission into
them and forcing them to give up their po
litical cititensaip. (Applause on the Repub
lican fide.) -,-.'¦¦: ¦¦¦¦.:
It you maat to learn how the consent -of
xY.f governed i« obtained in a larger field,
ripht here at home, just read the reports of
the contested election cases, which come up
here annually from the Southern States. Why,
¦Jr. they vote men down there who have bern
dead fcr five years. They stuS ballot boxes.
They btiJMoze and they adept any measure and
f> to every extreme to accomplish their pur
l<C air. Speaker, kaowln* all these facts as I
know them. I do not attach any importance
¦whatever to the inconsistent arjruments of
these constitutional expounders, or the "'aym
ratfcy racket" cf the opposition.
The Cost cf Empire.
Richardson, the minority leader, chal
lenged some of tjhattuc's statements rela
tive to the advantage which the latter
claimed accrued to the country- from the
passage of the. Dingley law. Richardson
contrasted the appropriations immediate
ly preceding the Spanish war with those
curing and subsequent to it, contending
that the latter exceeded the former by
$S"0.000,'«.»0 annually. '¦¦¦ ¦' :. ¦
. "That sum," said' he, "represents itho
c^st of the empire over the cost of the
republic." ¦>¦• •¦ '.¦ ,-'¦
" Does not the pentleman Concede that
much of the expense of the -coming year
out of the insurrection: in the Phil
ipj-ines?" aFke<l Hemenway. >•: :
"I do," replied Richardson: "but the in
surrection jbtows out of the empire." :
H*-menwa>' replied- to? Richardson. He
said r.e wa-4 surprised to hear the Demo
cratic leader denouncing excessive ex
!>• nditures. The Democrats had shouted
foi war. he said, -before It was declared;
now they w* re denouncins the expense
th* war entailed. Hemenway challenged
the other side to point out a sinsrleltem
of extmvaeanc© in any of the appropria
tion bill*.
In reply to this challenge Fltzr?rald of
Massachusetts and Jett of Illinois cited
the- pr<ir:."tion and immediate retirement
cf high i fflcexs in the army.
Hexnenu ;*.v offered the record of the sol
¦":; rs'eo r- -;r*»l ih justification. Replying
to Richard- r;'? assertion that the inter
est? of the ¦-. o'.l-prowers had been -disas
trously affected by the Dingley law Hein
erro-ay sa!<l ;•. ¦ one ever had to explain
why everything went up under the Wilson
law.
William Alder. Smith of Michigan pro
duced figures to show that the price of
6h«ep had doubl' : und«r the Dingley law.
Bell of Colorado declared that the ex
travagance of the present administration
was without parall'! in the history of the
country.
Fitzgerald of Massachusetts denounced
the Republican party for not being able
to repress trusts, which, he said, were
enjoying the principal prosperity existing
in the country to-day, and declaring great
dividends on the capital invested.
Ivovrring of kliasacfaosfttsi reverting to
Richardson's statement [concerning the
price of wool. adrr.itt«»d that wool had b<^en
higher abroad **irce the passage of the
EMnsley act. But. he said, th^ reason was
manif'w-t to those who undors-tood the
conditions. Betweer. the election in IV»S
and the paesate of the law enormous
quantities of wool had been imported in
antlcipaticr. of a higher tariff. That stock
was now exhaust*^ and the ¦wtk.l-ktowts
from now on would receive the benefits
of the tariff, which the heavy anticipa
tory importations prevented.
The bill was then passed without
amendment.
Contract A-xarded by Pcstoffice De
partment to Oceanic Stearsship
. Company.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— The. con
tract for carrying mail fmm Fan Fran
ci^rn to Sydney. N. S. \V.. Australia,
touching: at Honolulu, Apia (orsome other
port in the Sarr.'oiirf Islands) and Auck
land. N. 7... will bo awarded by»the Post
office Department to the Oceanic Steam
ship Company of San F"ranclsco, of which
John D. Sprt-ckeis is president.
The company, which now has the con
tract, wae thr- only one which submitted
a bid. The eompVnsation will amount to
ilxjUl lISX*) a round trip, seventeen trips
c:irh v. ax. Ttrf' contract will be for ten
rears from Novcmtx r 1, 1909.
CORN FOR INDIA
Dr. Louis Kiopsch Authorized to
Charter a Relief Ship.
NEW YORK." .March 31.— Negotiations
¦w=Te concluded to-day between Dr. Louis
Klopscb. proprietor of the Christian Hor
ald n{ New York, rind th^ IJritish Go.v-
by which Dr. Klopsoh is author
ized to charter ii relief steam, r for the
pnrpos<? of pcndinK a carco of corn for
the relief of famine stiff"rors in India.
Thr crrgo will consist of COOO tons or more
of well fpason^d corn, so as to withstand
the climatic chanpes it must underpo on
the voyage to Bombay. The ship will sail
c* early «-•{? pop^rble in April.
t'pou the arrivaJ of the relief ship in
Bombay trainloadp of corn will be
promjaiy dispatched to the various mis
sionary stations throughout the stricken
area.
THE EMPORIUM.
TEE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
17
WILL CARRY MAIL
TO PACIFIC PORTSIt is to be -noted that the less work our soldiers
have to do in chasing Aguinaldo in the Philippines
the greater is the death rate among them due to dis
ease. It would pay us to keep Filipinos running just
to give the boys exercise.
Roberts is proceeding so slowly in South Africa
that it looks as if he '.vere pleased with his job and
did not intend to work himself out of it in a hurry.
The bubonic scare is hard on the city, but in the
end it will return to plague the inventors more than
anybody else.
Dewey Day.
The local councils of the Young 1 Men's
Institute have appointed W. Chester
Keogh, T. F. Ryan, D. Barry, D. E. Hay
den, E. B. Thomas, J. P. Chandler and
D. J. Cullen to make arrangements for
the celebration of Dewey day on May L
It is proposed to have a grand family
excursion to and picnic in the Santa Cruz
Mountains for the members • and their
friends.
population which they supply their purchases through
the year are larger than those of Pacific Coast job
bers. The manufacturers give rebate? in proportion
to the amount of goods ordered, and the rebates add
considerably to the profits of the jobber. By reason
of that advantage and of the low rates they really
receive over most of the region of the Great West,
St. Louis jobbers control the market almost to the
coast it«etf. In round numbers it is 2000 miles from
the Mississippi to the Pacific, and upward of 1700
miles of that is controlled by St. Louis, the freight
rites being such as to virtually shut Pacific Coast job
bers out of competition.
Owing to the possession of water transportation
the rates to the coast itself are in favor of the local
jobbers. Over a ftrip of country about 300 miles
wide they carry on competition with the St. Louis
rr.en and give the retailers and the consumers the
benefit of a competitive market in which to buy. If
the local jobb:r.g trade be destroyed by differential's
in favor of St. Louis, it will not be long before -prices
will be raised inftead .of lowered to Pacific Coast con
sumers, and our people will be wholly dependent upon
Eastern dealers. BS! ' " • : ¦ '
There :*. moreover, another consideration hardly
if any less important than; that of cheapening prices
to retailers and consumers! and that, is the protection
of the jobbing trade of the coast. It is estimated that
in San Francisco aidr.e theft is $75,000,000 inverted
in the jobbing trade. amount ef capital employs
labor, pays taxes. Improves property and. advances all
the interests ..of the. State. If by railway differentials
in. favor of St. .Louis 'that great industry be rendered
unprofitable, the injury will: be felt not in San. Fran-,
cisco alone, but throughout the cWst.' All the inter
ests of a community are closely interlinked, and the
sacrifice of or.c will affect all ihe others.
The claim =of the. Pacific Coast jobbers is Just, in it
self and. is supported by every consideration of ex
j>edieT:cy. economy and local patriotism. We have a
natural right to have freight rates adjusted to otr ad
vantages as a seaport with water transportation. It
h right that our peo-ple should have the advantage of
competition between a local jobbing trade and that
of the Eart, and. finally, it is right. that an industry
which help? to sustain the general prosperity should
be itself supported by all who share in that prosperity
WHILE it is yet some months before either of
the national nominating conventions- will
meet, the Presidential campaign has vir
tually begun. There are no longer any doubts
as to will be nominated by the two
great parties, nor . as to what will be the
differences between their platforms. It is to
be the; campaign of 1896 over again, with such
changes as the events of the past four years have
brought about. It cannot be a calamity agitation
any more, for this is a year of prosperity, neither can
the free silver craze be made so formidable as it was
in the former contest, but in the main the issues will
be what they were made by the establishment -of
Bryan's leadership in the Democratic party.
That being so, political experts have begun to
figure out the results. In 1896 McKinley had 271
electoral votes, against 176 for Bryan. Some of the
Republican States, however, were carried by very nar
row margins, and conservative calculators do not
claim that the party is sure of carrying them all again.
According to one of these estimates McKinley is sure
of lowa, Maine. Massachusetts, Minnesota, New
Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont,
Illinois, Indiana. Michigan, Ohio, Oregon and Wis
consin.. That will give him 215' votes/ Bryan., it is
conceded., can count upon 142 votes. There remain
00 electoral votes to be fought for, but of these Mc-
Kinley will have tp obtain but nine in order to have
a majority of. the electoral college, and it would seem
to be easy for him to obtain them, particularly as a
State like California is put down in the doubtful
column.
Calculations as to the result of the Congressional
elections are more interesting, as they are not so
much of a foregone conclusion as the Presidential
walkover. Chairman Babcock of 'the Republican
Congressional Committee is reported to have esti
mated that in the next House of Representatives
the Republicans are sure of 150 and the Democrats of
130 seats. That leaves 77 seats to be fought for, and
in a good many of them, if Republicans be not vigi
lant at every point and make strong nominations, the
Democrats will have a fair chance of winning.-
At the present time the Republicans hold the House
by a comparatively small majority. It is clear, there-
POLITICAL PROSPECTS.
SAILED AWAY
WITH HIS BRIDE
Nuptials of Lieut. Belknap
and Miss Julia Averill
Yesterday.
I? lEUTENANT REGINALD BEL
., KNAP, U. S. N.. and Mis 3 Julia
ji a Averill were married yesterday
morning' at 11 o'clock at Trinity
Church. Bishop Nichols, assisted by Rev.
Dr. Clampett. rector of Trinity, pro
nounced the holy words that made the
young couple one. The groom is the son
of Rear Admiral Belknap. U. S. N.. and
his fair young bride the daughter of Mrs.
Chester Averill of Berkshire County. Mas
sachusetts, and niece of the late Justice
Field of Washington. For many years
iliss Averill has made her home in this
city with her aunt. Mrs. William Ash
burner, at 1014 Pine street.
The marriage of the your.g couple is the
culmination of a charming romance. Lieu
tenant Belknap met his bride in this city,
and although the couple had been engaged
for several months no date was set for the
wedding. Then came orders from Wash
ington ord^rins the lieutenant to Join Ad
miral Remey's staff, ordered to Manila,
and the young couple, deciding that sepa
ration would mean unhappiness. the wed
ding day was set. Invitations for the
marriaee went out even before the friends
of the betrothed pair had heard of their
engagement, and yesterday morning there
was a fashionable assemblage at Trinity
to witness the nuptials. The bride was
attended by her sister. Mis 3 Alice Averill,
who came from her home in Massachu
setts to attend the wedding, and Miss
Elinor Davidson. of Berkeley. Six friends
of the groom, all navy men. officiated as
ushers, and Lieutenant Mcale and ' Lie
utenant McLean acted as groomsmen.
The church was filled with a !ar?e num
ber, of army and navy people, prominent
among whom were Admiral Remey and
staff. Admiral Kempff and staff. Captain
Goodrich of the lowa and Captain Strong
of. the Monadr.uck.
No reception followed the ceremony. In
the afternoon Lieutenant Belknap and his
bride sailed on the Hongkong Maru.
STEPHEN M. WHITE
RECEIVES AN OVATION
Ex-Senatcr Stephen M. "WTiite has
corppletely recovered from his late mala
dy. Th&t he has resumed his old time
place in the hearts of his associates ami
adnnirtrs is t\"idenced by the enthusias
tic leception tenderer! him at the recent
annual banquet of the Los Angeles Cham
ber of Commerce. The Los Angeles Her
ald has this to say of the significant
event: . - .
""Where there was so much that was
eventful It is pleasant to note that an in
cident that grew to the dignity of an ova
tion was the arrival of ex-Senator Steph
en M. White. It was well along after
the formalities had progressed.- while
President Nesvmark was making a grace
ful speech, that signals of exuberance
were manifested toward the doors of the
banquet hall. Mr. Newmark had tp stop
and was looking over his spectacles to
ward the entrance to see what wa.s tne
disturbance, when: cries' of "White*
'White,' arose and these soon developed
intp cneers and fchouts of joy. 'Our Steve'
econ shook himself loose frcm the crowd
that surrounded Mm -as he entered the
ball and made his way to a s<?at araMg
the notables at the head of the tables
as ?or.n R5 aU had recognized him' there
was a pandemonium of greeting wh'cn
lasted several minutes. The ex-SU>natcr
was given a seat by the side of Senator
Bard, th*v two shaking hands mos: cor
dially. Senator White, though iookiiK
thir.ncr than of yore, came in with * a
springy step and when he spoke it was
evident that he had- entirely recovered
from his malady, that he was the -ame
old Steve who has been idolized by South
ern Californians since the old days when
he was District Attorney until he reached
the foremost place of all the Pacrir
Coast public men. There was admiratlo: "
and respect intoned in the cheers tb**
were given to him, but there was a*>
more, the heartfelt Joy of a whole peo
ple at his recovery and the sincere friend
ship of all. Democrats and Republicans."
In speaking of Senator White's re
sponse to the toast, the same paper *iys:
"Then came Senator White. It wa* like
the triumphal entry of a returning con
quercr. and so it was. for he had conquer- ,
ed a serious ailment and was hu noblo
self again. Nothing would do the-assem
bly but to hear from him. and TYastmas
ter Franci3 in glowing words of praise
introduced him, and hi 3 trurnret tones
and pulsating periods moved the audience
as if his tones literally vibrated- their
heartstrings. A report of. hi? speech Is
utterly inade<ruate to give an idea of its
moving power, and Its combined grace
and fore-. The cheers and continued ap
plause with- which it -was received will
always remain a vivid memory, as well
as the address, to those vrhi heard both."
CaL place fntft 53c per atTo-wnser.l's."
Look out for ?1 4th. r.T. Zc barber, gr:
cer; best eye-e-'.asses. specs. 19c to -©c •
¦ • ¦
Special Infonsation supplied dally ta
business bosses aad public men br rls j "
Press CUppirg Bureau (All«a*S) a 51} "Mont-
gomery street. Telephone XXaia 1>42. *
¦ m ¦
"My symrathy." he said. "Is always
with the under dosr."
"Yes." she replied, "but did yon ever
choke an upper aog loo«e?"
Ghost of the Glacier
And Other Tale*, lr-cludin? Maktn? a Re^ohj-
tioii. S-a««<;aehann* Trail. Beidtftv« of the Elfs.
Occe a PlHar of the Wertd. Fenther* of Fash-
ion, ami ethers. A fie!!ght^Jl vo'.ams. teaati-
fnSly ll!a!rtra.te<s. Ready for distribution ab^'-it
May 1. Pend 10 o»nts to T. "W. Le-e. Gen^raJ
Passenger A?ent. Lackawanna Railroad. SJ Ex-
?han«te Place. New York CItT. E^itlcn LtrsitetL
Personally Conducted Excursions
la Improved wi<*e-Test!bx:>i Pu'.lcr.aa tourist
Bieeplait cars via Par.ta Fe route. Experience-!
exrur»ica eondactora accetnpany these excur-
sions to lock after t>e welfare of psaMOSCni>
To Chicrajo and Kansas City every S-^nday.
Wednesday ar.i Friday. To Boston, Montreal
and Toronto erery TVe<i=e»-lay. To St. Louis
e\ery Sunday. To St. Pan! Vrery Sunday ani
Friday. Ticket of2ce. «3 Market street.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PU.MPS:
I/DAP U & Drake Araals-isxatrrs. ep«ra:-
tVItUUn iEB £*i>r; 1 *i-Kp. jaaoirrje *a-
gine cheap. * Styve^aca. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In' Orveraticn Dally. C: Stxrh S!r*«t.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME HOUSES FOR SALE.
l£rl* ft., r^>: ISxD ft, nr-3. Apply to th#
KUMEOLDT LUMBER CO.. Tblrtl >=<!
•Wa-'hlr.gtcn gts.. ¦ Oafclar.a.';. Cal. . ¦
D»EDGI^G PIMPS.
on. Gasolta*. Steara Ho!«t». OetrlJuol Pciap*.
En(t:nes.ftßoU>r9. Her.2yMact.Wks *3 Fremont.
EXPHRIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L.. PETERSON. 5+»A ll!ss!cn. 9 It: eorßS.nr.J-
caticea frcra lavestora ttrt-:^y yorgJ-?3t:a:.
MARSH STEAM PVMPS
Pnrply frwli cr «a!t water tir sluice boxe»;
high or lew Ilfta. Simsr.wla. ii Marktt «V
PU.MPS AND OASOtINE F.NQINES.
Ait kinda or Plunirt er. f G»»B!!a« iZr: c'a*«.
WOODIX * LITTLE. rJ Market St.. 3. T.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES AH tie Gold tr Gravitation. No qalelr-
•llrer. Hacd or po-ww. In cperajloa 1.4 Spear.
i GOL> <EPARATO». : :" •' ; :
Cyclone Gold Sep«-*tor and; Ansalyajaatsr ra.
dally opemtlca. **&. H. Birch & Co.. lg in.
MATTES6VS SLUICE WASHER.
LcEirtoin. rlffis* *ad carpet ecmbtsed aares
placer gold. TAN WIXKJLE. 413 Market St.
COLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHAL: Gold Pari^r Mxcain#. TS Ral-
eoia street, i^irtental Ga* Ejyire Cstapttay. : ¦
. . ENOtNES. •
KERCCLF* GAS E^GDrET WORKS J» SlSn*
many.crtyr» fcrNctae, I<l-1.4S Flrat tt.'. S- T. -¦
. ORRERIES AND .PROVISIONS
Oct2t» ?*c.ke<l. IRVINE BROS.. 574 Hawani.
SCS Fnarth. 13C2 Pclk aad IMl^tocktba. 3. F.
.'¦ • LIQUORS- : '
WHmKFY L cahen-.a son,
'" ¦ '' ' OILS. •¦' ". •' '.. ¦ :-: :: :
LT"BRICATTNO Oil. Cnid» -mi' and OaaotlsA.
ENSIG?.- A McGUFFICK. B| jBwt mCTs.^£ /
PLATES FOR SAVING COLO. ; !
scn»ex)*la * Bturldre. 3' Hardls Blacw.-»c:
Kearpy. betw.ta gutter aad aaaa streets.
F. W.- BELL, Cectrar Platlr.e Works. 453 MI»-
»loa «t.. S. F. "Pfccae Je»sle «!. " : - ¦:. . ¦
ROCKERS. 7
RnnTF^^ Hul*-Ha!a Rocker: Centrlfxiral
i t rVXn, SMd Macalnery. PaRKE
& LaCT-CO.. n Frensont «.:... . . ...
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURN*HAM-STANDEFORp GO..
aad l»t »ta.. Oaklaad.. er Balldtrif. Ex.. 3. y.
PILE^DRIVINO ENGINES.
•Worthlartoa Steam -Painps A ¦ Water M#ter«.
Mondy Hoisting Engla«». fatan> & Boweal
engi>es. Toilers, etc. • . \
BAKER * HAaHLTON. Enirtaea aad EctTerc-
lowest trices' on the coast. Plae & Davts »tsl
¦• '. ¦ EUJ?S^'"'- ¦ ¦ ¦ : ;:':'.-.-i'
FUR COATS AXD ROSES FOR CAPE XOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH. 118 Oraat *t». "~~:
TENTS AND i.OVERS^
N'EVTLU A CO.. rsa cu facturers, lup teat*.
coven. Dudß Calltotal* at. T^ *™^
There is going to be a big prune crop this year,
and if the growers do not get . together for co
operation in marketing the crop they are pretty apt
to be running over one another to see who can sell
quickest before the year is over. .
THE POSTAL BILL AGAIN.
1 >v ISPATCHES from Washington announce that
) another effort will be made to pass the Loud
*—^ bill restricting the privilege of second class
mail rates to legitimate periodicals. The bill has
been amended in committee, and the features ob
jected to in the House have been eliminated, so that
it is believed a majority can now be counted upon in
its favor.
According to reports th€ bill in its new form is
simplicity itself. It provides that mail matter of the
second class shall embrace all newspapers and. other
periodical publications which are issued at stated in
tervals as often as four times a year, but that the
second class rate shall not be permitted to books or
the reprints of books whether they be issued com
plete or in parts, whether they be sold by subscription
or otherwise, whether they purport to be premiums
or supplements to newspapers or other periodicals;
and that news agents shall not be permitted to return
to news agents or publishers at the poncd rate unsold
periodical publications, but shall pay postage on the
same at the rate of one cent for every four ounces.
Even in its amended form the bll.l will pur a stop
to some of the worst abuses which have grown up
under the present law, and result in a considerable
saving to the Postotnce Department- The economy
is the more necessary because upon it depend several
questions of postal reform and improvement which
have been long desired. As -soon as we are rid of the.
annual deficit Congress give attention to the pro
posals for establishing a one-cent rate for letters, the
circulation of books from public libraries at low
rates, the extension and cheapening of the parcels
post system, and other measures of that kind. For
that reason as well as for the economy itself and the
essential justness of the Loud bill, it is to be hop»?d
that in its amended form it will be enacted at this ses?
sion and the country be rid of what has been for too
long a time a scandal upon our administrative
methods. •'
SINCE the crale for making the Nicaragua canal
a fortification instead or a neutral highway for
commerce, the spirit of pseudo patriotism i 3
being appealed to .in behalf of changes in. our- treaty
with Great Britain . respecting warships on the
Great Lakes. The waterway, provided by. the lakes,
whose waters lap the shores of Canada on one side
and those of the United States .on- the other, is the
most, important in theworld-.- It carries the greatest
tonnage by water .to and through the Detroit River
that passes any water front in the world. The treaty
between this country and Great Britain, agreeing to
keep it free of warships, is a standing guarantee of
us neutrality. The lakes cannot be used by either
country. against the other in case of war. The United
States has more to gain by this neutrality than Great
Britain, because we have the large commercial cities
of Duiuth, Marquette. Detroit, Toledo. Geveland
and Buffalo within striking distance from the neutral
ized -writers, with Chicago and Milwaukee, Benton
Harbor and others on the shores of Lake Michigan.
The Canadian cities near the. other shore of those
waters are not important. It is believed that the
movement for changing this wise treaty has two mo
tives. One is the desire of ship-building interests to
take contracts to. build ships for our navy at some of
the lake ports; the other is the idea that we should
have warships in those waters to defend the cities on
our shore line. There may be a third motive in a
desire to remove an objection to fortifying the
Nicaragua canal. As long as the lakes are kept clear
ot warships, under the existing treaty, an object les
son is furnished to which the canal fortifiers can make
no answer.
There is no good argument for changing the treaty.
Only England can ever attack us from the lakes, and
as she can have no navy in those waters, and has
upon their shores no plant to construct one, our com
mercial cities have their best security in existing con
ditions. Of course if we change the treaty, and
thereby introduce a navy upon the lakes, England will
have the same right, and both countries will maintain
a warlike fleet on waters that have been peaceful,
neutral and promotive of prosperity ever since the
war of 1812.
It is a wrong and wasteful policy for both nations,
unbecoming to the civilization which they have in
common, burdensome to their respective taxpayers,
and more likely to provoke war than prevent it.
. The present status of these neutral lakes is a power
ful argument for the neutrality of all international
waterways which serve the great purposes of com
merce. The immense commerce that is done from
Buffalo to Duiuth salutes no war flag, and passes the
guns of no fortress. Its annual value runs into the
hundreds of millions. Its tonnage of iron, copper,
coal, lumber, wheat and corn and manufactured mer
chandise staggers the mind with its immensity. No
war drum announces it. and no sword glints in its
van. No warship frets the waters which float it! The
two great nations which own the shores of its high
way share in the prosperity it brings, and are part
ners in a peaceful victory more impressive than ail
the battles in which men have bled and died, from
Marathon to Modder River. So let it be. Let the
treaty alone.
AUCTION SALES.
• By'T. 'JJciUraa-^- Ms=£ay. A;r.i 1. at 11 o'clock, Kor*e«. at
;lEs.Mark«t; IE5.Mark«t atrect. '...--. -
: ; - ! Wa£fcic*-^Tu«»S*j-. Afri* X. at II o'clock. Hor»»9. at
There is: no law, except the general immigration
regulations, to exemde any of these Japanese. Our
Government does not seem to have been aware of
any danger 01 such an invasion from Japan, and no
safeguard has been put in our treaties with that
country nor in our own statutes. Between us and
the Mikado's empire the door is wide open. In the
population of forty-fire millions I which swarms on
tnose islands, in. an area only equal to that of Cali
fornia, there are enough coolies to wipe out white
labor in California before our public authorities kno'.v
what is the matter. After they are here, their depor
tation becomes a matter of great difficulty. They
come in pursuance of our treaties with Japan. They
can be excluded, not by any local or Congressional
legislation, but only by an agreement made b> treaty
between the two countries. . .
We have to advise that representations be made at
once at Washington, for the purpose of securing ne
gotiations with the Mikado that will give us author
ity to stop this invasion where it is.
Fortunately the ground has been cleared by our
dealing with Chinese exclusion. We began in the be
iief that an ordinance of the San Francisco Super
visors could keep out Chinese. That was properly
set aside by the courts. Then we resorted to an act
of the Legislature, and that went glimmering. Then
we tried it in the new constitution of the State, and
at last discovered that the Cninese were here in pur
suance of the Burlingame treaty, which was the su
preme law of the land, not to be set aside by any local
ordinance, statute or constitution. When our peo
ple remember the long time taken in amending the
Chinese treaty, so that we could secure the present
effective exclusion law, th«y will see the necessity of
immediately beginning the negotiation for an exclu
c on ; treaty w :. h j apan I
We have no doubt that Government will be will
ing to take up the question and to settle it agreeably
to us, and the preliminaries cannot be entered upon
too soon;. : j
A2IUSEHZNTS.
T.t-.;i— -'Mtr.'.'.a BrtM."
Al cuar-^V Acrt Jack." . .
« >— h^ura — Vtud*v;':S*-.-;
. . . CiJi'oralA — P&4ere**cki. to-tsorrow s^ternecs. ¦ :
.-.-. ¦¦' :. :':r:i-.T't Concert l;;ut»-'T»sit."
-.-'•" Cr.-iTss. Zos a-i TL'e-kitrr— Vaudertlto;.'«r«rT »t«r=ooa * =<1
¦¦•v*r-.-r-i- ¦ :
;-.:O:y-;;3. c-*rr.*r <rf Va*::i «jd KJr «rreet»— Specialties.
':'.. L'nicE -*Ccura:c# Courstr? to-£ay.
v-Ir^leilJtv -Ir^leilJt Cctrt:n« Park— Co-zrs'.zg to-£&r.
Os^.:.&pi Kacetra«;it— :P.a-e» tr>-rr.crrc».
class.
We have no law to exclude the Japanese coolie, and
h< has found it out and is piling: on to us by thou
sands. Within the iast fifteen months more than
three thousand of these coolies have landed in this
city. In some parts of the city and State they al
ready outnumber the Chinese. As they drop their
rational dress ar.d wear cur costume they are.r.ctos
easily distinguishable in the throng as the Chinese,
who stubbornly stick to their own garments.
Information from Japan is to the effect that seven
thousand mere have obtained passports to come here,
and the advance guard will begin landing, at the
rate -of from 200 to 300, on each of the steamers
shortly due to arrive. When this horde, already un
der passport, reaches here it will make our Japanese
coo:ie popuiaticn at least 20.000, with the prospect oi
that number being speedily doub'ed. ¦ Their presence
is exceedingly undesirable. All of the objection;
justly mace td>- Chinese; coolies apply to these, and
there are other, objections peculiar to the Aino coolie,
who has ail the faults of the Chinese and a lot of his
Kansas City is small in comparison with Philadel
phia, but it has already raised all the money promise!
for the Democratic national convention, whi!c : Phila
delphia is still discussing ways and means for col
lecting: the amount guaranteed the. Republican con
vention. It is good to be slow and sure at times, but
not all the time, 3nd Philadelphia should wake up:
similar arrangement la often used In England and is there
known as a 'cozy.' -V \v\ ¦¦¦'¦>¦¦ • ¦;"•'•¦:
"This is the usual family manner of preparing and drirJdngr
tea in China, but wh'n visitors come courtesy demand 3 that
we should be a little more ceremonious. Then we have the tea
brewed in individual cups, covered with dainty lids In order to
retain the heat and aroma. As a matter of course tea is always
thus offered to a visitor the moment he enters a hou?e. . . ¦
"The family teapot is simply emptied and replenished every
morning, an^ not scoured inside, as that would fob the vessel
of its delicate aroma. Ir. this way an old teapot acquires a de
gree of fragrance that Is analogous to the seasoning of a pipe
that has t-eenlonff in use. : .
"We would regard with horror the su^srestion that w»
?h^uM aud anything to the contents of our teapots beyond hot
water and tea." paid the Minister with a visible shudder. "lia
aplne putting 1 rum In tea, as I am told is sometimes done here,
and is said to be a common practice in Russia! A cultured
taste revolts from the thought- The Idea of milk and sugar is
almost as bad. ..-
"Just one hint mor? repardinsr tea and I am done." sail
-Minister Wu. "Remember that while there are expensive tea 3
and cheap teas, there are no really bad teas except those that
have been adulterated with deleterious ir.«credients. and th!s
very adulteration is practiced solely to meet the taste, or lack
of taste, of consumers who persist In fo spoiling' their tea by
the addition of such a-iulterants as rum and milk and susrar. It
only they would drink their tea pure, as nature Intended it to
be drunk, they would Instantly detect any attempt at adultertt
tlon and that would be the end of the importation oi Impure
teas.** ;; : "
SUNDAY APRIL i,ic*»
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Actfress W. Ccmrrurvc*i<c«s to W. S. LEAKE, Mtn&ger.
PUBLICATION" OFFICE.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISCB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Mala 1574.
D*l|D * 1|T '«"*<l by Carrier*. 15 Cento Per Weelc
Single Coplen. !i Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Poatasres
DAJX.T CAIX .ir.c:ui:n F Sunday), one rear S9.QO
DAII.T CALL OactrtUns SjnSay), « mouth* S.OO
DAXX.T CALL rtnr!a<lrn« Susiiy), z moatfca 1.50
DA2X,7 CALL-27 £:=«:« Sloath Me
ECXPuaT CALL Crxt Yetr J.&O
WTSSOSt Cal^L Oce T«*r...,. !...]...... 1.00
All poktm&atera are anthorired to reeetT*
¦ ahscrlptlons.
Sti=i>;« corie« mVI t* ronr»rf*<l wteo r*Qae»te4.
OAKiJLfD OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Mar.a^er Fore'ja Aavemsi^e. Wtrayette Bu bing, O.icago.
—
N*EVT TORX CORRSSPONTDEXT:
C C. C/RLTON.._... „ Herald Square
• ¦
XEW TORS REPRKSE^TTATrVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH... 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
ffh«r=*a Hoc**: P. O. Newt Co.; Great Kortiem Hotel:
TYrtsoet now; ABfiltcrtasi Hctel.
NEW TOPJC NEWS STANDS:
Waia^rf-Artori* BotBl; A- BrrziMao. tl Caioa &is*re: ;
Knrray HO Hotel.
:WASrt!NiGTON (D. C.) CFFIZE Wellington HoteJ
MORiON E- CRANE, Ccresponde-.t.
His Excellency Wu TU:g Fang. Minister from China, who
recently made a witty speech at the dinner of the tea experts,
has dictated the following rules— the Chinese rul:es— for brew
ing tea: .;'".-' *•>;&< -:.'.-;
"To get down to the basic principles of tea brewing and tea
drinking as practiced in China you must realize that at home
we do not drink tea on stated occasions or only at meals, as
you do here. With us tea Is the national . beverage. I raipht
almost say, speaking to an American, that tea Is the iccwater
of China. Instead of the silver water cooler, which constitutes
an almost invariable ornament of your dining rooms, you will
find everywhere in China the teapot. Whenever we are thirsty
we have recourse to the teapot instead of the cooler.
•' "Let us first consider the teapot Itself.. It is invariably of
porcelain nnd varies in style, cost and dimensions in accordance
with the taste, wealth and size of the family possessing it. It
is. as. you say, constantly *in commission.' In the. morning a
sufficient quantity of the dry tea leaves Is placed la it and on
this Is poured hot "water.- Let this infusion stand for a few
minutes— say four or five — and you have .. what we. I think
rightly, regard as a drink f.t for the gods. > ¦ 7, •>
"It Is always ready. Whenever the pot need 3 replenishing
all we have to do is to. add a little more tea and a little more
water; There Is no. hard and fast rule as to the proportions of
tea and water or as to the character of the tea itself. It 13 all
a matter of Individual taste. We use black or green tea and
have it either weak or strong, just as our tastes direct.
"We never drink it boiling hot, as 1b done in America and
England, but at 1 moderate degree, of warmth. To maintain
this . desirable temperature it is customary., to cover the teapot
with a sort of bag padded with cotton and lined with silk. A
A JAPANESE INVASION.
Q BOUT fifty years ago an American ship, bound
/ \ for this port, picked up in midocean from a
floating raft a company of strange little
brown men, and brought them to San Francisco.
They had been shipwrecked. Their race and na
tionality were not recognized; their language was
unknown; their home port could not, be identified.
They were curies here. Finally it was discovered that
they were Japanese, and they were sent home. That
little company of starved, shivering, shipwrecked
sailors were the first of their race to land on this. Con
tinent. Since then great changes have occurred in
their own country and the world.
The Japanese have become rovers. They lack in
many admirable qualities which the Chinese of the
same classes have. But they are ingenious, persistent,
truculent, and in living can outskimp the Chinese
coolies if they choose. But they are not orderly, nor
sober. They take to the American vices of drunken
ness and gambling with a rest which makes them lor
midable competitors with the thirstiest ot our topers,
and furnishes the Goddess of Chance with eathu
« ¦¦ ¦ ¦ '.. . ." \ ¦„- -
These Japanese coolies must not be confounded
with the student, merchant and mechanic classes.
Among these are many of admirable skill and excel
lent manners. But there are many reasons why a Chi
r.ese coolie is preferable to a Japanese of the same
fore, that Mr. Babcock's estimates of the coming
elections are the outcome of a sanguine mind.- That
fact is noteworthy because this is a year in which
the one danger which threatens the Republican party
is that of overconfidence. Even if it be beyond a
doubt; that McKinley will be re-elected, the Republi
cans should not. abate one jot of the energy of 1896
in preparing: for this campaign and carrying it to a
conclusion. We ought to have from California a
solidly Republican delegation, and. to that end the
work of party organization should gro briskly for
ward.: The estimates of experts are encouraging, but
we must not trust too much fo them. There were
cast for Bryan in the last election 6.30J.0.25 votes, and
it is going to take work to beat Kirn and his party
even in this year, of prosperity^
CHINESE MINISTER TELLS WOMEN
HOW TO BREW AND DRINK TEA
Catholic Truth Society.
On next Wednesday evening religious
exercises .and lecture for the members
of the Catholic Truth Society will be held
in St. Mary/s Cathedral. Two pamphlets,
entitled, "The Gospel Story of the Pas
sion" and "The Ceremonies of Holy Week
Explained," will be distributed on that
occasion.
Mrs. Ballington Booth Here.
Mrs. Ballington Booth is again visiting
the Pacific Coast. She arrived from Los
Angeles last night, and is here, in the in
terest of her prison work. She will visit
San Quentin- and Folsom, and elaborate
preparations are being made to welcome
the prisoners* "little mother." She will
conduct one public meeting in San Fran
cisco, Tuesday. April 3, in the Calvary
Presbyterian Church, corner of Powell
and Geary streets, at 8 p. m.. and one in
the First Congregational Church in Oak
land on Monday, April 2. She leave 3
Thursday for the south, where her trip
takes in San Jose, Pacific' Grove. Pasa
dena, Los Angeles, Coronado Beach and
Redlands.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. March 31.— R. R. Has
kell and wife of San Francisco are at the
ShoreJiam.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 31.— A, S. Clark of
San Francisco Is at the Netherlands. L.
D. Schenck of Oakland Is at the Empire.
"RUN AWAY, LITTLE BOY. WE ARE TOO BUSY TO LISTEN TO YOUR MUSIC NOW. THREE YEARS AGO
IT WAS DIFFERENT." . . —Life.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. A. E Hall of San Jose U at the
Lick. . '.
L. W. Moultree, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the Lick. : -..;--. ¦¦:.:¦¦
E. B. Baer. a merchant of Cloverdale,
Is at the Grand.
S. H. Davis, an attorney of Sacramento,
is at the Grand.
Professor R. E. Allardlce of Stanford
is at the California.
J. E. Oglesby. a merchant of Atlanta,
Ga_, Is at the Palace,
D. McFarland. an attorney of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
• George B. Graham, an attorney of
Fresno, is at the Grand. -, : -
J. F. Corde, a bcLnker and raining man
of Brodie, is at the Lick.
Dr. F. W. Brophy of Chicago and his
daughter are at the Palace.
W". J. Berry of Bakersfleld. a well
known mining man, is at the Grand.
Moses Blum, the Produce Exchange
ETaln broker, has returned from New
York.
W. H. Nichols of Portland, owner of ex
tensive ranches In the Willamette Valley,
is at the Grand.
Jose Argicello. a wealthy resident of
San Miguel. Salvador, and his family arts
at the Occidental.
C. W. McNeely. a wealthy merchant of
Philadelphia, is at the Palace, with his
wife and daughter.
W. H. Matthews, editor of the Roches
ter Democrat and Chronicle, is in the city.
He leaves for the East on Tuesday.
Dr. Tillie Dltter.hoefer is staying at the
Hotel Savoy and will remain a guest at
that hostelry until April 10, when she
leaves for Europe.
John Ditmas, a prominent merchant oi.
New York, accompanied by his wife and
daughter, arrived yesterday from the
East, and are at the Palace.
Jose Barillas, nephew of the former
President Of Guatemala, and his wife ar
rived from Guatemala oh .the steamer
Sydney yesterday and will remain in the
city for some time.
W. B. Hicks and E. G. Boydeston, who
arrived from South America on the
steamer City of Sydney, are at the Russ.
They have been employed In the famous
Cana mines. Both young men belong to
Butte County. : ; ; .'
E. B. Pixley,. the popular proprietor of.
the Pacific Ocean. House. Santa Cruz, has
been appointed manager of Castle Crag
Tavern. Mr. and Mrs. Pixley. are thor
ough hotel, people and will add grreatly to
attract people there. They have the happy
faculty of making guests feel at home.
The appointment Is first class.
THE WORKINGMAN TO WILLIE.
THE QUESTION OF DIFFERENTIALS
T. LOUIS jobbers and their advocates, in seek-
::.x to obti:r. from :ne Interstate Commerce
*— V Lc:..::::5;:on rreight rates which wilj enab:e
them to crush out the whoiesaie trade of the Pacific
Coast, have endeavored to divide public sentiment
her* by asserting that the result of such rates would
be beneSc-3.: to the retailers and the consumers of the
coast by lowering die prices now paid for Eastern
Chronicle yesterday in an editorial which, after stating
tr.i.: the existing cifierer.tia's in freight rates were
•arranged some years s:r.cc at the request ot local
jobbers, w:th tne obvious intention ot preventing
-
Eastern cea;ers :rom selling direct to our retailers or
-. individuals," went on to add: "The result is that
for. everything which this community buys which has
ten transported by rail from the East we pay a de
cidedly higher price than we need to pay, and that
so-t'.y for the benefit of a small ciass of our own
The argument thus presented by the St Louis job
ber; and their friends is deceptive. In the hearings
or. this question before the Interstate Commerce
Commission ". ::s recent session in St. Louis, the
representatives of the jobbers of that city admitted
ur.der examination that if the lower rates they ask
for Here given them, there would be no correspond
ing reduction in prices to retailers or consumers here.
Under the present rates St. Louis jobbers can and
co pace quantities of goods on the Pacific Coast,
cr. I tneir own testimony was to the enect thai the rea
son they desire lower freights is simply to increase
the profits they make out of our trade. Their fight
is r.'A for us in any respect, but solely for their own
pockets.
It is to be borne.in mind the St. Lotus jobbers have
large advantages to aid them in their efforts to ex
ploit the Pacific Coast trade. As they are near the
nanufactories they do not have to carry such large
6tocks of goods, and yet by reason of the greater
GREAT LAKES NEUTRAL
THE SAX ¦ FRAXCISCO CALL, SUXD AY, APRIL 1, 1000.
18vice president of the State Spiritualists'
Association, has the following to say on |
the subiect:
"I believe this law interferes with the f
free exercise of the religious views of a j
portion of the community, and that the i
present municipal ordinance is a restric- i
lion of that privilege. I think it if wrong !
in its. application, because no other ex
ponents of a religion are subjected to a
municipal license: therefore, we as a com
mittee shall make every effort to declare
the tax unconstitutional. Judge Daniel J.
Muiphv has been engaged by the Spirit- \
ualist Society to defend them in this test j
case."
Judge Murphy expressed the following i
opinion yesterday: "Nearly twenty years I
ago, when this law went into effect, I was
attorney for the Spiritualist Society In a
similar case and won the suit upon the
grounds that in giving these communica
tions purporting to come from disembod
ied spirits these mediums were simply de
monstrating their philosophy, or religion.
If these mediums, who are working under
a State charter, can show that they are
proving only the continuity of life, which
is the basic principle of their religion,
why. then, I think every court In the land
will declare such license tax unconstitu
tional."
A number of mediums have been Inter
viewed/and all but one stoutly declared.
their determination not to pay the tax.
The exception was Mrs. J. J. Whitney,
who expressed a willingness to- pay the
sum demanded by the municipal authori
ties. Among those who are strongly op
posed to the ordinance are Mrs. Jennie
Robinson. 11. F. Small. Mrs. R. S. Lillie,
Mrs. Sarah Seal and Miss Annie F. Ander
son.
Mrs. Robinson said: "I, of course; as a
representative spiritualist, am opposed to
taxation and think it an imposition; how
ever, I am not willing to make a test
case of It. I don't think it necessary. To
do so would be an acknowledgment of our
weakness. I think it high time to weed
out the charlatans and tricksters, but I
am sure that an intelligent discrimination
should be exercised in the difficult task.
The State organization of spiritualists
should be respected, for they only indorse
genuine mediums."
G. J. Fitzgerald, who has charge of the
outside work in the License Office, is re
sponsible for the present excitement
among the nrediums. In looking over the
books he found that there were only
twenty who were paying the tax. After
consulting with Mr. Scott it was decided
to have notices served upon those whose
advertisements appeared in the papers.
He has given them until to-morrow to pay
the tax, and those who fail to do so will,
he says, be prosecuted.
MRS. P.. S. LILLIE.
PASSEMGER TRAIN OF
FAMOUS EQUIPMENT
Nc:th Coast limited*' of the North
era. Pacific Baii"u'ay's New Sched
ule Is a Marvel of Modem
Appointment.
Modem travel is exacting. It expects
the finest In everything and usually gets
it. When t: Northern Pacific Bailway
enter< i the : :<J. some eixteen or seven
teen y^ars ago. as a transcontinental line,
it worked ,-t it uutlon in pas.«er.&er train
tervica by the ::.: reduction ot dlnsng cars.
which were :h* :. ; : o are now carried be
tween Su Paul. y.-.y.R., and Portland. Or..
on ali of its transcontinental trains. For
.-¦\<-riJ jears- tht Northern Pacific has
: enormous wiras in shortening its
load, substituting ¦ h>. a \-y rails for light
• ..•.-. revising ;is grades and;cur%es,
wittenine its embankxnents; ballasting its
irack, ruling ia trtstl«-s, replacing woodtn
. ;-;«-el brtciges,". constructing j heavlei
. more powerful engines ana building
• and aitractive statlone. The resu^r
r modern and up t«, date in ever>
r.->^_-ct. ' .
Bcesic features alor.gvhe line of the
Northern I'acJlic are well known. With
¦ referring in detail to the v ondtrs ot
Vellownone Niitlonai Park. Orst made ac
tho complttlon of the Northern
:. ..»;iv, Un r.o other transconti
neniai IJne^does iheaverage ot unusuai.
...... .s. attractive scenery run su
:.:^\.. i-.-.-.a <>n no other l:ne is it to evenl>
distributed; for :t must i>« borne ;n mind
inai the No:th«rn Pacllic ' mam line was
• •-:•¦: led ihrouKh the only settled iK»r
: • of the Northwest- ~<
A new schedule is to go into effect on
this Iin«1 April ?4 next, and this schedule
• .. tnak< a distinct advance in Nortn
tem railroading. Waiting until the
fullnees ot time haa come, it has had coii-
Ktrccted a transcontinental train, or
: . :• * ten traij.*. to speak more accu
:.¦¦ ... Lhat'.t&ke advantage of a.l modern
improvements both in ideas and construc
tion of railway c.-ir builders. In addition
to ti;e reguJar trains now runnir.g. and
v. r.tr:: .wili b<- continued on practically the
I'ftfceat timt* car<J. a new train, which will
I nown as the "North O>ii«t Limited."
: • put into service on the date mon-
trains will be hauled by ten
¦wh«k<] Sehenectady engines, each engine
k-ighii.g. exclusive of tt-ndtr. .eighty torji.
'cornotive will supply Htoam for
: :.- train and opt-rating the dyna
¦ ncrate electricity • lor lighting
". ;.< cars. Every North Coast LimiteO train
will :..-.'.•• • ight cars — i. c., express. -La*?
gege, second cla^s coach and combination
tir.oker, first class coach, tourist sleeping
¦ r. <:;,-. ing car, Pullman standard sleep
::.? fir nnd an observation car — «?ach of
orhlcb will be lighted by electricity. Th*
•- train will be equipped with wi«K
->*. ptee] platforms, M. B. C. stand
¦; couplers. Westlr.ghouse air brake?.
• ; !;ghcruse air train signals, th«? Gold
: >:*-rn heat, and pap^r wh*-*-ls with steel
Two electric berth lights in eacl:
tion of the Pullman standard sleeper
U • n&ble the passenger who desires to
¦w'b'Jft away an nour with his book to do
¦ nis ta^e and comfort.
- r< a.r cml of each train will be
<i the crowning feature of the oquin
'—an observation car seventy feet in
f-'ih. These cars will be entirely new
3r.i«h<-d in mahogany, with Perßian
¦ :r;mmings throughout. These cars
contain ill of the comforts of the
library car; fo called, all the fjood points
• r /d style observation car and new
.*-a:ur— never Introduced Sn car buildln*
j'nre. At the forward or
this car. along the fide of which runs a
'-orri'ioT forty-two feet in length, will be
found two smoking and card rooms peven
by eight feet, with folding ta.bles and six
NOONDAY MEETINGS
FOR BUSINESS MEN
Commencing to-morrow, the annual
noonday Lenten services for business men.
under the auspices of the Brotherhood of
St. Andrew, will be held at the Chamber
of Commerce. The speakers ana txieir
'subjects are as follows:
Monday, April 2. "Z<»al" ("Not Slothful In
Business'). Kt. Rev. W. H. Moreland. Bishop
of Sacramento.
Tuesday, April 3, "Enthusiasm" ("Fervent
In Hplrit"). itev. K. W. dampen, D. D., rec
tor of Trinity Church, San Francl!=oo.
Wednesday. April 4, "Service" < Serving the
Lord"), Rev. Martin N. Kay. rector of St.
John's Church. Oakland.
Thursday. April 5. "Cheerfulness" ("Rejoic
ing in Hope"). Rev. Herbert Vanish, rector
Church of the Advent. Pun Francis?o.
Friday, April 6, "Patience" < "Patient In
Tribulation"), Rev. E. J. Lion, rector of St.
Stephen's Church, San Francisco.
Saturday. April 7. "Prayerfulness" ("Con
tlnuln:: Instant In Prayer"). Kt. Rev. \V. F.
Nichols. Bishop of California.
The very brief service will commence
promptly at 12:15 o'clock ar.d will last just
thirty minutes.
CHARLES H. STANYAN, A CANDIDATE FOR GRAND MARSHAL
CHARLES H. STANTAN", a member of Stanford Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West, and one of the most popular business men of this
city, is a candidate for the grand marshalship of the big celebration
which is to be held in this city on September 9 next. On the 23d
of this month the Grand Parlor of the organization will convene at Oroville
and it will tht-.n be decided on whom the honor to lead the magnificent
pageant shall fall.
Mr. Stanyan is a member of Stanford Parlor, which is one of the fore
most branches of the splendid organization, and he will go to Oroville as
a member of its delegation. He will go there championed by his parlor and
his numerous friends who are working hard to secure, for him the office
which he seeks. His friends, and they are legion, feel that no one more
worthy could be chosen for. the position of grand marshal.
One of the strongest claims to be advanced by the Stanford Parlor dele
gation Is that a member from their parlor should be appointed to the office
because other parlors having candidates in the field are represented on
other committees. or have been honored h'-retofore. Special attention is called
to the Pacific Parlor, which is advocating Steve Costello for grand marshal.
James D. Phelan, who is a member of that parlor, has been chosen chair
man of the celebration and it is. claimed it would be showing too much
partiality if the grand marshal was chosen from the same ranks. Major
Charles Boxton is also a candidate for the office and National Parlor, of
which he !.-» a member, is advocating his selection. It is remarked that' Na
tional Parlor has been honored in the past and that it should step aside and
allow another parlor to be represented in the celebration. A member of
Stanford Parlor stated that National Parlor was presented with the grand
marshalship in ISiW and that its members ought to feel satisfied to see an
other parlor given the plum.
The struggle for the coveted honor will be a warm one, judging by the
interest taken in <he fight at this early day. It is thought that Mr. Stan
van's chances of securing the appointment are excellent. His great popu
larity and high standing In the organization will materially aid him, and
added to this his parlor is backing him to a man.
Mr. Stanyan is a son of Charles H. Stanyan, the man after whom
Stanyan street takes its name. The candidate's father was one of those
chosen to lay out beautiful Golden Gate Park and his work in behalf of the
people' 3 playground will never be forgotten. The son is no.w 33 years of age
and is a member of the firm of Culm & Stanyan. representatives of large
Eastern manufacturers. He has been a member of the Native Sons of the
Golden West for over ten years and Is past president of Stanford Parlor.
He has been identified with the work of the organization during that period
and has been one of the hardest workers in the fraternal cause.
?;£?•;?£;?;;-*!* +•;??*?!; ¦?;;?•* *-;j* ?*?%??; +*i+?2+ ?i+zi+*i+ ?j^?;+;j -*!*-*?,
AUTOMOBILE OWNERS
MUST OBEY THE LAW
E. J. Murphy's automobile has gr>t him
into trouble. Murphy was riding along
Market street on Friday afternoon,
giving- Ashton Stevens an airing, and as
he turned to go north on Stockton street
Policeman Farley, in charge of the cross
ing, held up hi* white-gloved hand. Mur
?hy plowed up as quickly as possible and
''arley placed him under arrest for fast
driving over a street crossing.
The case was called in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday and Farley testitied that
the automobile v.as eolng at the' rate of
sevpn mik-s an hour.
"Did I nr.t show you," asked Murphy,
"that there was 'only sixty pounds of
steam on and tell you it was impossible
to ko at a faster pait than live miles an
hour?" "Sure, you did.'-' said Farley:
"but phat do I know about your phteam?
I thought you wor foolin' me. It's mr
duty to look after the safety of the
ladies."
Murphy declared that the automobile
v.as running at a speed of three mile? an
hour, but as it was constantly trettins him
into trouble he would forego the pleasure
Easter Gods |B| f||lf|Q Big Reduction
Jus Op°ned |[ i I'll OnO * n s *
A new an J elegant line ¦¦ ¦ ttIBHH V JXTST THE TlflXG FOR
of EAsiTER CARDS freal /n TIIE LITTt^E ONES.
w-nrku of art) at marvelous- if 8-inch Kiefhar.ts. regular
ly lew i ri. •.->-:.-. ;u 5c to £3 tfS rJk 25c special -.'. ir.f
,ie each. Remember your HUMH 8-inch Ocok Sto-»e, rwu!ar
friend? that are away and H H Hit iZe «pec!al at.. .-.13©
send them a Joyous Easter ¦ W E H • Uttl^? fiem Coflei* Miil re?-
Greetlnc. Ej H R H ular Xc, to c! »»..:.. '.lOc
. U *%& U Robtason Crusoe Houae and
EASTER NOVELTIES— . Grounds, special as.. 15«*
Come and see thi? . line [J Ea P &-inch Noah's Axle, sf-eclal
whether you buy or not. 3 gß^ j£S\ tt I /53k ffl at 150
Cute ani novel s<i>les that 3 ¦ fiTl nH I iflJ I New ReversibTe Tops
will surely please b^th fH u l wj" \ ILH j H* ««b: 3 for 25c
pocket and taste. 1 IJBB 1 5 Tops within a Top, «p!n-
J HfQMinSj nlng al! at ° ne time..lOc
Ark toffo ff- the CHTL- 1— - IL| ©Jl \fei» i
DRE.VS NEW BATTLE "¦¦•¦ *** m ™ See ovr new lire of 23c
GAME. — —^ — — Games Just received
Traveling Bags c nd Dress Su.t Cases.
Best Grade Imitation Alligator Cabin Bag. heavy frame, brass catches ani locks,
lined with good heavy linen, whiie tiey last _...
....H inch 53.25, 16 inch 53.50, 13 inch 53.75
Full Stock Russet Leather Cabin Big, w th ename ed .ron frame, brass catches and
locks, with best iinen iimng.... H inch $4.00, 15 inch 54.50, 13 iich 55.00
Full Stock 0 ive Leather Cabin Bag, steel frame, b-ass tnmmngs, feather lined
and extra he vy hand:e ?53ir.ch 56.00, 16 inch $7.01), IS inch SS.OO
O!ive Leather Dress Su:t Case, stee! frame, brass catcnes aid spring locks, ;inen
lined ....22 irci 55.00, 24 i-ci 53.50, 26 inch $6.00
Finest Grade Russet Leather Dress Sui: Case, "Plumper's Stock." steel frame.
linen lined, w th shirt fold ..22 inch $7.25, 24 inch $7.75
This is our leader — A Full Stock De'wey. Brow-i Dres> Su t Case, with brass catches
and sprincr locks,- stee! frame, alt leather iinea arrd we!j made throughout
22 inch 57.50, 24 inch SS.OO
Finest Grade Cxford Ba=f, made of soft brown full stock leather, with sliding brass
locks and catches, al! leather lined and stee' frame,.
.....H inch 56.50, 16 inch $7.25, 13 inch SS.OO
Buy a Swing For Baby.
We have them :n: n all styles, from! 25c to 52.00
DON'T FORGET OUR NEW LINE OP 1500 GO CAKTS AND BABT CARRIAGE 3.
-> : *\
— . ; -< 53)
818-820 Market St., S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS.
NATIVE SON OUT
FOR HIGH OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
Caught Stealing Milk.
Thomas Hurley, 20 years of age, was
arrested early yesterday morning by Spe
cial Officer Delmer on a charge of petty
larceny. Delmer caught him stealing two
cans and a bottle of milk from Keller's
Open Sundays.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, open
dally, including Sundays, from 9 a. m. to
4 p. 'm. Concerts every Thursday evenii g.«
Leading Local Members of the Society Who Declare Their Intention Not to Submit to Unjust Taxation
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.
*=p = 3HE' fiftv-sccond- anniversary cele
fh bration of modern spiritualism has
j^, been ushered in like- a tempest in
¦ a teapot. The spiritualists of this
city are rife with indignation because on
this anniversary of their religion a mu
nicipal tax has been imposed upon the me
diums, whom they claim are demonstra
tors of their occult phenomena.
In l£SO an ordinance was passed requir
ing mediums, clairvoyants and others to
pay a quarterly license of $10. The ordi
nance was inoperative and the matter was
allowed to drop. La3t week, however, no
tices were again served upon the various
mediums to pay the sum, and a meeting
of the Mediums' Protective Union was
called to discuss the effect and injustice
of the tax. The union appealed to the
State Spiritualists' Association for as
sistance, and they in turn will rely upon
the National Spiritualists, with headquar
ters at Washington, D. C, for aid.
Measures have been taken to make a
test case of the mediums' tax, and a com*
mittee was appointed to carry the project
Into effect. This committee is composed
of Mrs. Jennie Robinson. William M. Ri
der and Mr. Stoddard. Mr. Rider, who Is
American Guild Ball.
The invitation ball given on Friday in
Golden G-ate Half by San Francisco Chap
ter of the American Guild was a, social
success. . The attendance was good and
select and nearly all present were In
evening dress! The following named com
mittees had charge of the function: .Com
mittee of arrangerrients^-J. .C. Cullen,
Henry Hufschmidt. Mrs. Man' &¦ Waldo.
Charles Hufschmidt. J. P. Brownlee, O.
H. Hickei; Mrs. F. A. M. Wear, XV.. H.
•Thompson. William Pecourcy, Mrs. Clara
Bowman, Mrs. I. M. Strong: reception
committee— Hon. William L. Pierce. Hon.
Jobn R. Aitken. Maurice L. Asher, Dr.
Jo*« de Sousa tfetiencourt. Ben I. Salo
mon. Dr.-S. F. Lrong.-Sig. Lauter. William
F Oerdts W. C. Head. Mrs. S. M. Smith.
Dr Emma'C. La'ontalne;. floor committee
—Dr. A. T. Derby <noor manager). Wil
liam Deeourcy. George F. -Hufschmidt,
Dr. E. W. Pratt. Walter White. W. A.
Bates, John F*. Kggert. W. 9. Lewis.
Harry Stokes, Dr. J. P. Lefevre, James
K. Wear.
Metal rustic initials or names stamped
la gold leaf free of charge on all leather
eoods purchased at Sanborn, Vail &.Cd.'s,
'-.1 Market street. fe?Bf *
MRS. SARAH SEAL.
Prominent Spiritualists Denounce the Ordinance as Being
Unjust and Decide to Have a Test Case Before
Paying the Sum Demanded.
MEDIUMS ARE UP IN ARMS
AGAINST A MUNICIPAL TAX
dairy at 1110 Fell street. Judge Cabaniss
yesterday reprimanded him ar.d dismissed
the cas-e.
upholstered wicker chairs. These smok
ing rooms will be entirely shut off from
the remainder of the car. In the center cr
the car will be the bathroom, barber shop
and buffet. At the end of the corridor and
at the entrance to the ladies' parlor will
be found a reading room, writing desk
and library of 125 carr-fully selected vol
umes of the most recent literature.
The ladies 1 parlor will he nine feet in
width by twenty-three feet in length. This
parlor or observation rtxraa wili contain
fourteen portable wicker chairs, uphol
stered in plush of a color that will har
monize with the dark greon Wilton car
pet. The plate glass windows will be
large — four feet wide — thus giving the
traveler every opportunity to see at his
leisure the country through which the
train is passing. Electric fans for •venti
lating purposes will keep tho nir of this
car sweet and pure. The rear platform,
surrounded by a handsome bra&£ railing,
will he six and a half feet long, partially
Incioped by the extended sides of the car
anu entirely covered t?y a Jom«-.
Attached to the center of the rear rail
ir.g of this car there will be a large trade
mark of the Northern Pacific. This wih
b* illuminated at night by nine electric
lights, and being thus lighted all night
will be a unique feature of this train as it
j;;,fi-ds across prairies ant', mountains.
The equipment of the train throughout
is modern and first class in every detail.
The tourist sleeping-car, finished in ma
hogany, upholstered in dark green leather.
with aisles carpeted, will prove a source
of surprise and delight to those who may
not care to «-ngaKe in the luxuries of a
first class Pullman sleeper.
The inauguration of this new train serv
ice between Portland. Or., and St. Paul.
Minn . will command the attention of the
traveling public of the Pacific Coast and
be accepted as an event in railroad his
tory. The people of this coast will appre
ciate the spirit of enterprise which
promnud the management nf the North
ern Pacific Railway to add the North
Coast limited, with Its superior appoint
ments, to an excellent existing schedule
of trains. ,; .-. .
of riding in one in the future. The Judge
dismissed the case.
'special sale. " Th 9 Largest Furniture and Carpet House in the West.
Prize packages,
j from $V to J3 a j|T /J&X&^S^' Wj|f i V^'
jj ;^v; o^ve^ de=£ c "^ Big Furniture Exposition Building.
ho oVi;^ r m ° f Block: 16th St., From Mission to Capp.
Railroad Fare
Allowed out -of -
town buyers.
Freight paid with-
in 100 nJles on all
purchases of $25 or
over. Goods safely
packed at our ex-
pense.
Mail orders re-
ceive our prompt
attention.
Open Saturday
Evenings Till 10
O'clock.
IF BtTTLDIUG a new or repairing an old residence, you want at least one of the rooms in hardwood
floor. "We are Pacific Coast agents for the BB inlaid floors, and will, without any charge to you, inspect
your residence and give you an estimate.
Sewing Machines*
An extensive assortment of SEW-
TN<; MACHINES of many desirable
mak< s. We particularly recommend
thi- "No Name"' — one of the best ar.d
• asieat rur.r.insr machines on the
markt-t. in every way most desir-
..!.;•. The "No Name" is fully guax-
::.:•••] for live years, has first-class
mechanism and ball bearing, and in-
. riably gives satisfaction; tor
I;*rht fsnd heavy work equally good;
al! styles. A very well finished and
easy "running sort for 18.00
aWrite*to-day for Free Catalogue of
Sewing Machines.
Economize end Be Prosperous.
Compare our prices with those of any other concern in San Fran-
cisco and you will find them by many degrees the lowest. Call and exam-
ine the qualities of our goods. Let us show you the straightforwardness
with which our business is conducted, and you will buy at our store and
practice true economy and prudence.
CHIFFONIERS.
A trio of desirable CHIFFONIERS; these are in solid golden oak. highly
polished and in a variety of styles; all are equally well made and worth
fully per cent more than what we ask for them: one with fancy A CP|
carved gallery, five large drawers; brass handle trimmings; at <J>*J\J
One with four large drawers, two smaller and hat box. fancy *7 PIH
carved gallery, at J »\J\J
One with five large drawers, fancy carved top, with swinging f> nffo
mirror of beveled plate, 20x12. at y.LM I
Parlor Furniture*
An <!cgar.r display of every fash-
ionable requisite for the modem par-
lor. Jn upbolstered furniture ver>-
epeciaJ values in all pradts and an
: mrous i-arlietF from which to pe-
lt f. I:: burnished pill and Vernis
M&rtln speciaJtiis— exquit-ite novel-
::. s in Screens. Cabinets, Parlor Ta-
Of prime '.mponance— a pale of 3-
,,.' l-AHl>iJl SUITS! The lot
omprises s^ix di2T*rer.t patterns—
with frames of mahogany finish,
arved or Inlaid with marqueterie—
: Ig-hly polished and of very grace-
ful ;-nap»'s; upholstered in either Jas-
per plash, all-silk damask, or em-
ijroid»-nd Roman plush; a chance
secure an attractive Tc (\r\
suit for only £?%J.UU
ROCKER of odd and pretty styl*.
in golden oak. carved and* hig-hly
polif-h«d. twisted spindle supports,
fancy back, with embossed leather
panel,; saddle-shaped Beat; fi C/ffc
::,•. at COU*
ROCKER of popular design, in
•• '.. rnk or mahogany finished.
-¦.•.:>• polished, strongly made, with
ither- s.ajddle-shaped wood seat, or
bier seat as preferred; a com-
_. r a^ [ /^c/v
A very large assortment of PAR-
LOR TABLES, In any wood prefer-
. ;r in Verr.is Martin or burnished
jr.lt. decorated. A table in oak or
ir.ahopar.y finish, s.juare 7^*-
•...;¦. 1-j.r.cy leps. as low as.. <* «-'•'
A great variety of MUSIC CABI-
NET.S. in mahopany. Verr.is Martin
and similar suitable finishes, either
plain or decorated. A very pretty
stj Le ia mahogany, carved. 525
Kverj- obtainable Ptyle and grade
finds representation Jn this very
:a.rp^ r:ssurtrr.ent : whether you want
p.n Emi Ire in mahepany. a xnud-
ern nd elegant -pult In Mroseye ma-
7-I.^ or curly !>irc : h. finely oarve-d. or
a • - ry excellent <=uit in colden oak.
. :.:.d It best and cheapest
' BEDROOM SUITS. 3 larpre pieces.
r. prolden oak, handsomely carved
•: .•: -~r- «•-• r. '..".rpe beveled plate
¦ r in dresser, ppla>h»-r back
washsiand. complete for... 'J")
DRESSER < J very neat and at-
traciHo i5-«;cr. . in excellent polden
oa.k finish, highly poshed, frame
• ¦ -•.¦:.¦ h:.;r.> r.-atly carveil. larpe
beveled plate mirror. 2iXZ2. two
and two frr.ai'.»-r 1 1 c:p\
. .v . r > . J I.DU
COMBIICATIGN WARDROBE in
fir^t -class golden oak; excellent fin-
ish: biphlj ;»>.ished: well made in
-very <U -tail, l.arsre wardrobe f*c-
I :.: dooriwiib French beveled plate
mirror i 43 b>* v :lS): one large drawer.
~r..r>.:\^r compartment; a very
commodious and conven- OQ *7C
lent artlole and cheap at.. ¦*>¦ ••& *->
BOX COUCH, of very desirable
-•¦ > a:!<i size, large wardrobe, well
and finished, tufted seat, cov-
r< I .:; floured «ii-nim. attractive in
eolorinp ar.d d.-^ip-n. A commo-
dious and durable article. *J c(\
cheap at J'*JU
Bradbury's Sentence Postponed.
At the request of the Board of /Works.
Judge Conlan yesterday postponed pa-=a
inp sentence upon "\V. B. Bradbury, the'
millionaire, for obstructing, the sidewalk,
until Saturday next. It la desired to put
Edwin Pearson, the contractor for Brad
bury, on the stand to testify as to whether,
he had been notified to get the necessury.
permit.
The Result of Accident.
To-morrow' (Monday) there will be on
pale 900 pairs ladies' shoes and 600 pairs
fine ties for We a pair. These shoes have
been slightly disfigured in railway colli
sion and are worth from $4 to SSlpcr pair.
"The Standard." 102S Market street, be
tween Sixth and Seventh.
f"l Irr nnil \ I Corner FourtS and
CAFE ROYAL %&&&
Will is lIWIIIU E( . OTercoafs and
.....F0R......
gtramahip SAN PEDRO
(Built In 1399.)
Capacity 1000 ton*. All modem
ebnTenlences fcr comfort. Elec-
tric lighted throughout. .
¦ ' ; - ' Sailing From
BAN FRANCISCO
NOME DIRECT
May 15, 1900
This company will fcav« lt» own
: . eccipl«t», equipment tor. the «af,»
¦ and ezpedJticus landing of pans« - :
- ' - gferi and car3o.cn. arrival at Nome. ¦
: : ¦;••>. ¦ For Fr^lpht and Paasenger ¦
"I ".- .'• Rates Apply tp
CAPE NOME STEAMSHIP CO.
CO. n. DUFFIN A CO.. Cta'l Arects.)
10 Montgomery Sw San Francisco.
Ruined by a Woman.
Harry Sniffer., quartermaster on the
revenue cutter Bear, was sent to the
County Jail by Judge Fritz yesterday for
six months ' for petty larceny. He was
arrested for stealing a compass and other
valuable instruments, which' he pawned.
The officers of the Bear pleaded for le
niency, as Sniffen had proved himself a
capable and efficient officer, and at their
request the. charge was reduced to petty:
larceny. Sniffen said he stole the instru
ments to get money for a woman. •: ;
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American
Steamship.
/illnLnliJJlJi
(CAPACITY JSOOO TONS)
FOR DIE DIRECT.
Sailing from Son Francisco
liWayaiO.
Fpeclal rates fcr frelcht and lsruraac*. .
Throush ?ass«nr«r and freight serrlc* to
Dawncn and ali points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPOBTATIOH COMPANIES.
I Guficura
lI J UOlllOa
1 fl/O MORE.
| iVO LESS, ;
! And this, price every day
l| in the year.
If SEND FOR 100-PAGE : .
W ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE
| Paine's Celery Compound , 75c
| Pisrce's Prescription.. .-75 c
I Plerce's 8i5c0rery.. ,.......; 75c ;
1 PinXham's Compound. . . . . : . .".;75c .
h Baker's Honduras Sarsaparilla, ;75c
\ Hoofs Sarsaparllla — -75c
| Ayer's Sarsaparilla >7;5c .
\ Scott's Emulsion, $1.00 size: . ."75c
\ Carter's Hair Lenewer." -50c
j Carter's Lithla Tab1et5... ...25c
\ Valdler's Violet Ammonia 25c i
f Swamp 800t ... :4Qc ¦;
Syrup of Figs- . . . 35c
Carter's Liver Pills- 15c
THE OWL DRUG CO.
Cut-Rate DrurKista. !
tiaa MARKET BT.
SAN FRANCISCO. '
lOth and Broadway ;
Oakland. ¦
I J '
: for;
NOME BEACH DIRUCT!
BARKENTIXE CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
: -.APRIL IS, ISCO. ..
For freight rates »j>p!y to the
XOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPANT.
.-"'>. Ofnce- 4 California »t. "
T"> /"^ 1
dox Couch*
-*^"**-' *StL *V .' S3** ?* *ci*r ¦> --ttvt- •"' f
* or ' wellw ' e ll constructed.
¦£o>.»- v/ comfortable and good
size box couch — made with patent
wall lift and covered in plain and
Jigured d^nim— others (at $11 75) with
hair top and deep tufting.
I
Upholstery
Department*
A very elegant stock of the new
and fashionable In Lace Curtains
and all other draperie-s. Very effect-
ive weaves and patterns In the
various modish laces.
SPECIAL VALUES IN LACE
CURTAINS— I.VJ PAIRS SWISS
ORGANDIES, ruffled curtains. In
choice, dainty new patterns, well
wvrth $2 25 pair. This sale, 1 E/f>
pair i.£?*y
150 PAIRS DOTTED AND FIG-
URED SWISS RUFFLED CUR-
TAINS with extra full 5-inch ruffle.
seama tape bound: sold elsewhere at
$175 pair. Our price, Gfir*
Pair >W *~
100 PAIRS BOBBINET RUFFLE
CURTAINS, well made, full width
and length: extra good value at
S3 25 pair. Our price, pair. 1 Of)
:
W PAIRS OF FISH NET RUF-
FLED CURTAINS in figured and
ptrlped effects, made of a strong
French net in white or ecru: sold
regular at 52 50. Special 1 *7e
value, pair imj*i
120 PAIRS SCOTCH NET LACE
CURTAINS in white or ecru; full 50
inches .wide and 3^ yards long;
lock-stitched edge; extra good value
at $2 50 pair. This sale, fi AC
, -r _ • -¦ iy
Carpet Department*
A very elegant showing of the new-
est in spring CARPETS, including
the richest effects in Royal Wiltons.
Savonneries. Axmir.sters and all
other popular weaves. In Mattings.
Linoleums, Oilcloths, etc., we're
equally able to serve you. Some very
special items are —
The best lot WOOL INGRAINS
from the most famous mills; sold
regularly at. *0c; special A^l^
for one week at U«>^
These are all new goods, in the
most desirable colorings and pat-
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS, in choice
designs and colorings: very KOr
special at 9J\J\>
VELVET. CARPETS, sold usually
at $1 25; rich colorings and excel-
lent patterns; special at.. fl f\r\
11 c UU
LINOLEUMS! ¦' imported" and do-
mestic, printed, plain and inlaid, in
large assortment.
Imported INLAID LIN- 1 "2 q
OLEUMS; per square yard. ¦'¦^'¦^
Plain and printed LINOLKUM.S.
Per square yard.... 4Qctosoc
SERAMPORe'rUC.S. excellent re-
productions of Oriental effects in
colors and patterns, much heavier
than domestic Smyrna; in.siz.s for
almost any room. 6x9 feet. 7:6x10:6
and 9x12. from, upward 1"j f)C)
MATTINGS^ ' Chinese ' and Japan-
ese, in all the new shades and most
popular weaves, cotton warps, in-
laid, damask effects, etc., at prices
ranging upward from, ~>P\r
yard A\J\*
CHINA MATTINGS, » yards to a
roll, at and upward .A. f\f\
Bedroom Furniture*
LOT 1- WHITE ENAMELED
BEDS, Jn all sizes, 1-inch pillars,
brass vase turning; value 1 crfi
U 50; special at £>,DU
LOT 2 — WHITE ENAMELED
BEDS. In three sizes, brass vases,
1-inch pillars: value Jo; A HPI
special at J >wU
LOT 3 — WHITE ENAMELED
BEDS, in all sizes, brass rails and
vases, extended foot end; -1
valuo J6; special at r.-OU
LOT 4 -WHITE ENAMELED
BEDS, in \ and full size, li;-inch
pillars, fancy scroll designs, value
$10; special at Q ft(\
LOT 5 — WHITE ENAMELED
BEDS. a 4a 4 and full size. l l «-Inch pil-
lars, brass rails, ro?ettes and vases:
value $12: special at I(f> Qf\
"LOT "'" ' V. — ' WHITE ENAMELED
IRON BEDS, with fancy brass scroll
and top rail: value Sl4; spe- 1 fl <7g
cial at AHJS
Also an extensive variety of robin's
cpe: blue. Nile green, dull black, pur-
ple and other colors of enamel; deco-
rated with brass: novel and attract-
Ceatemeri Glove Sale
"I • :¦': ¦ .. -¦ . . :i
~^P Kid o r o v c de
w. m. smith, Agent 200 Post Street;
ADVEBTISEItTENTS.
19CCKPAONIE t E.NEK ALE TEAS BATI,iHT]:QU£
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRK-PARIS. •
Railing every Thurwiay. instead of<"^ff*r»
Saturday, from November 2. 3»>93. at -•-.-.-¦-'
10 a m.. from }'!•.- ii. North River, -foot cf
Morton et.: LA PRETAONE. April 6;.L f AQUI-
TAINE. April. 12; LA GAKCOONE, April 19;
LA TOrriiAINE. Apr!! M. .First ; olas* tn
Havre. JCO and . upw-jtrt;- R . per cent .rcfluotlon
on round trip. Se*«nd rlansto -Havre.; J43; ;
»>r o^nt reaction on round trip. • tiISXEUAI-
AfIENCT f^'K ITNITJvn PTATKB AND CAN-
AIJA. 22 liroaflway (Hudson • buildinß). New
York. J. F. FU'JAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Apentß. 6 Montgomyry ; ay.. 'San Frandsco: ;
the kind best suited for lighting purposes.
A firm of San Francisco capitalists is un
derstood to be backing the prospective en
terprise. Bolinas has long been known to
contain deposits of petroleum, the crude
oil oozing in great quantities from the
cliffs on the sea line, but until the present
time no effort has been made to develop
the product.
Object to the Dam.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN ANSEL.MO, March 31.— The rest
dents of this place whose property is ad
jacent to the San Anselmo Creek are un
derstood to be preparing a protest against
the erection of a dam across the stream,
which will be presented to the Board of
Supervisors at its next meeting. The
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Fish Culturist to\Be Stationed at the
Clackamas Hatchery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 31.— Pensions for
Calif ornians: Orlginal-Malcher Ushofer.
San Francisco, $12; John Riley, San Jose,
*S Additional-Harrison AVestcott, ban
Francisco, JG to $S. Increase-C. Land
eraff. Veterans* Home. Napa. $10 to %\\\
Francis T. Armstrong. San Francisco. st>
to JS- Peter Gaffney, San Francisco. $6 to
$8. Reissue— James Fisher, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10.
Washington: Original— Patrick Math
ews Port Angeles, $6. Increase— Benja
min A. Requa. Everett. $S to $10; Peter
Trana, White Salmon, $6 to $12.
Major Francis L. Payson, paymaster
United States army, and Major Joseph S.
Wllkins. additional paymaster United
States volunteers, are relieved from fur
ther duty at Washington, D. C, and rsew
York City respectively, and will proceed
to San Francisco and report to the com
manding general. Department of Califor
nia before April 15, for further orders.
The Senate has passed the bill appropri
ating $0000 for the construction of a light
and fog signal at Browns Point on Com
mencement Bay, Puget Sound. The bill
had already passed the House and now
goes to the President for his signature.
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day
sent to Congress with his approval the
recommendation* of Fish Commissioner
Bowers for the appointment of a lish
culturist at the station of the commission
at Clackamas. Or., at a salary of $!M> per
annum, on account of the increasing work
of the commission at that point.
Senator Perkins to-day was informed
by Assistant Secretary of, the Treasury
Spauldlng that it was not practicable to
assign permanently a member of the
Board of General Appraisers to San Fran
cisco in accordance with the desire of the
Chamber of Commerce of that city. The
Treasury Department indicated several
days ago that probably this could not be
done, and the decision was given to Sen
ator Perkins after the department had
communicated with the Board of General
Appraisers at its headquarters in New
York.
May Bore in Marin.
Special Dl3patch to The. Call
BOLINAS, March 31.— There are pros
pects that the rich oil beds known to exist
in the neighborhood of this place will be
fore lon % be worked. A party of oil ex
perts has been engaged in analyzing the
product, and report It to bo petroleum of
creek, which is ordinarily full of water at
this time of year, is almost completely
rlripd up below the San Anselmo depot,
and the makers of the r rQ test: state that
the odor from the dehr:* left to rot in the
sun is anything hut savory. The cause of
the drying up ol tho Is said to bo a
dam which has been built higher up tho
creek to irrigate a vegetable garden.
Gets a Fat Salary.
ST. LOUIS. March 31.— Vice; President
and General MarMSer.E. P. Bryan of the
St. Ix>ufs Term^al Association has ten
dered his resignation to accept the posi
tion of genera! marager of tha New York
Rapid Transit Subway Company, tendered
him under a Contract 1 for a term of fly«
years at a : salary of $20.000. a year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Weil-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
There ar« people who have been torturing
themselves for years with trusses. Its is hoped
their attention will be drawn to Dr. Rico's free
DR. S. BALL.
offer. An elderly and retired physician. Dr. S.
Ball cf Marion. Ala., Is one of the hundreds
attracted to this generous announcement, and
as a result h* is now completely cured of a
bad rupture which was very hard to hold. Al-
though 72 years of ape he fcad the courage and
determination to try this new and novel method
and now he lives in peace, contentment and
security. Dr. Ball looks back to the old days
of crude methods and in comparison hails the
wonderful method of Dr. Rice as a marvelous
God-send to the present eecerations. By all
means write at once to Dr. W. S. Rice, 4ig
S. Main et., Adams. N. V.. and he will send
you a free trial of his remarkable home cure
for rupture. There Is no pain, danger, opera-
tion or an hcur's loss of time, and by starting
now you will be Bound and well by early spring.
MIGHTIEST OF
THE AMERICAN
SHIPS OF WAR
Rear Admiral Sampson's
Warm Praise of the
Monitor Kearsarge.
Superimposed Turrets Successfully
Tested and Declared to Be Pow
erful Engines of De
struction.
Sr*claJ Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, March 31.
"It is a mighty engine of war. There
is no ship In the world, except one sim
ilarly equipped, that can withstand the
Impact of those four projectiles simul
taneously fired by one of the superim
posed turrets of the Kearsarge."
These words of commendation of super
imposed turrets were spoken this after
noon by Rear Admiral Sampson. He went
to Hampton Roads especially to witness
the trial of the turrets and stopped In
Washington to-day long enough to speak
to officials of the manifest advantages of
this type of turret and the advisability
of adopting it for future construction.
The double turret was thoroughly tested
and is an assured success, both from
military and structural standpoints. There
are no interference between the plans of
guns or inconvenience from blast or
smoke. The structure, tested with sim
ultaneous discharges of three guns, is
amply strong to withhold the united
shock of the four guns of either turret.
The absence of a suitable electric device
for simultaneous discharge of all the guns
prevented this final test. Both pairs of
fc-inch guns were tested in simultaneous
firing. : "
"There is no other arrangement of guns
on warships in the world that can strike
within the limited area which can be
struck by projectiles from the Kear
sarge's battery. The effect on an enemy's
ship would be crushing."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANOTHER FIRE
IN THE HEART
OF KESWICK
Smoking Ruins Where a
Dozen Buildings Once
Stood.
Loss Falls Heavily on the Owners,
as Insurance Companies Do
Not Care to Place Risks
in the City.
?
REDDING, March 3t— Within one hour
to-day a portion of the business section
of Keswick was laid low by fire, entailing
a loss of about $13,000, with $3500 insurance.
The space occupied yesterday morning; by
twelve business houses and dwellings Is
now a black waste. This is the third flre.
all great ones for a town of that size, that
has visited Keswlck.
Owing to the lack of water for flre fight
ing in the smelter city the insurance com
panies have gradually withdrawn from
there until insurance from flre is nearly
impossible to obtain. The origin of to
day s conflagration is unknown. It start
ed in the rear end of a saloon and lodging
house owned by George Bassett. A woman
was barely rescued from the burning
structure with her life. Nothing of the
contents was saved. Bassett's loss Is
$5000, with $2000 insurance. The flames
leaped across the street and swept out a
saloon ajid a rooming house, both owned
by George Graig, loss $2000, no insurance;
a bathing establishment and three dwell
ings owned by Mrs. Millie Sample, loss
$3000, insurance $600; a building occupied
by an Italian restaurant, loss $1000, insur
ance $450, and a dwelling owned by
Charles Crook of Redding, loss $300. no In
surance. Before the block was consumed
the flames made their way across an alley
and destroyed the Justice's Court build
ing and the South Park Hotel. The con
tents of the last two buildings were saved.
Luckily the last two were separated
from the main business section by a
couple of vacant lots. By heroic work on
the part of the poorly equipped flre fight
ers the flames were prevented from going
farther and destroying the whole town.
dr - pierce ' s
j^^fc ELECTRIC
BELT.
.j ~1L)^ THIS BELT IS WAR-
/y?«. ranted to be the- latest Itn-
¦ ? . proved. mOFt powerful and In
all rerp^fts th « best now manufactured la any
part: of the world. Its equal does not exist. The
Galvanometer shows its electric current to b«
double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
I>cub!e wire. suspensory for men. It will cure
any disease on eorth that It Is possible "to cura
with, electricity, and It cures when others fail.
Buy ho belt till you pee "Dr. Pierces."
"Booklet No. 2." free at office or sent by raall
tcr a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, '
(Opp. Palace Hotal) . SAN FRANCISCO,
i Ftium ntftam lftw York. dXV.
New York
DENTAL
PARLORS.
ALL WORK DONE ; ABSOLUTELY WITH-
OUT PAIN by our patent method, used
by no other dentists In San Fmnciaco.
NOPAINI-XOGAS!
NO COCAINE-NO ELECTRICITY
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
L Scrutton, Orovllle
A P Haas, Seattle
Mrs A P Haas, Seattle
W A Dunn, Cal
H W White. Monterey
Mrs H W White. Cal
A P Brajton, Cal
O Honn. N V
E L Howe. N V
J L Meier. N V
M T Balrd. Cal
Mrs M T Baird, Cal
F Hogan, Spokane
S M White. N V
Mrs S M White, N V
G Rau. Gridley
C H Watson. Boston
Mrs C II Watson. Bost
W H Seaman. Boston j
Miss Seaman. Boston
F H Seymour Mexico
D Jarpln, Wisconsin
Mrs D Jarpin, Wis
J W Cameron, Wls
Mrs C C Morrison. Cal
H W Helss, N V
Mrs McMahon. N V
X F Tread well, Cal
Mrs E F Treadwell.Cal
Mrs C S Palmer. Mich
J T Ogllsby, Ga
Miss Ogllsby, Ga
G D Johns. N V
Mrs G D Johns, N V
G T Price, Louisville
D McFarland. L Ang
J C Drake, Los Ang
J S Chapman, L Ang
F N Johnson. St Louis
Miss Johnson. St Louis
T F Work, Canada
Mrs T F Work, Canad
W C Burns. Pa
Mrs W C Burns, Pa
\V H Merrltt, Chgo
Mrs W H Merritt, Chg
J M Elmer, Cleveland
T W Brophy, Chgo
Miss Brophy, Chro
S M Milliken, N V
Miss Milliken, N T
Miss Webster, N V
W W Chapin. Sacto
M Sagan, Guatemala
F Hodgkins. Stkton
Mrs W X Moffatt, W
Va
Miss V Moftatt. W V*
W M Robinson. Mich
J Dlttmas, N V
Mrs J Dittmas, N V
L Dittmas, N V
Mrs J Moffatt, N V
W B Dowse. Boston
Mrs WB Dowse, Bost
C W McNelly, Phlla
Mrs C W McNeely, Pa
Miss McNeely, Phlla
T B Brown. Cal
S V Trent, S Lake
W G Codman, Boston
C S Pierce. Minn
W E Winship, Cal
D J Harris, Chgo
Dr W 8 Taylor, Cal
Miss M E McDougald,
Palo Alto
J Townsend, Akron
GRAND HOTEL.
B Jones, Cal
8 Smith, Sacto
G H Sharp. Vacavllle
D C Schwelzer. N V
W H Morrison, Suisun
B F Leeds, .Cal
H X Stowe, Cal
E J Smith. Chlco
H Hetzler. N V
G Thelin. New Mcx
R E L Good, Clovis
G B Graham, Fresno
M P Gleeson & w,
Butte
ts r G Lumls, Oregon
O G Snge. Sacto
L F Warner Jr, Van
couver
M W Hunt, Indiana
B D Sigler. Portland
II H McCllntock. Lon-S
don
W G Buxton, Ohio
Mrs M E Perkins. Cal
Mrs M S Hlnckley, Cal
J G Brings Jt w. Cal
C D Stanton, Arbuckle
J F Brown & w. Minn
Mrs S Pinchouer, Cal
Mrs J Johnson. Cal
W J Berry. Cal
B Olshausen, StarVord
E Olshausen, Stanford I
E S Bush. Stanford
J Burns, Sonoma
B H Davis, Racto
R McFarland. Cal
F A Newson, Arizona
W H Nichols, Cal i
W M Hewitt. Stillwatr
H L Smith, Cal
G E McVane, Redwood
Miss A J Bristol. Cal
A W Ocobock. Portld
W H Necklerr & w,
Bay City
S S Brooks & w, Deny
T F Turner & w, Ohio
O H Southard. Mich
C M Haviland. N V
C O D Mitchell, Butte
W D Cannon Jr & vr,
lowa City
W Bradford, Cal
S B Baer, Cloverdale
Mrs L Coulter. IlllirMs
Ml?s Coulter, Illinois
Miss May Holden, 111
F Malcolm, L Gatoa
IS Dunscomb. Chjaro
F W Bennett. Stanford
D W Raymond, Stanfd
Rev T A Ryland. Or
Mrs T A Ryland. Or
X Friskow, Crockett
W P McFaul. Cnl
A J Holcomb. Cal
W E Whiting. Cal
Mrs Gardener, Denver
A W Krick, N C
S M Cockrlll, X City
J T Rlpley, Chgo
W Lawson, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
P Hart, Kansas
G Erlckson, Stockton
D F Johnson, N V
C Wilson, San Jose
S Tracy, Stockton
J Trimble, Los Ang
R L Drake, Vallejo
T H Morrell, Fresno
H H Brown, Modesto
¦D Fitzgerald, Cal
X Miller, fam, Neb
M KlmmelL Nebraska
Mrs 8 Klmmel, Neb
M Beach, Kansas
Mrs M Beach, Kansas
Miss N Watts, Merced
IF Harris, Cal
W B Hunt. Oakdale
Miss M Robertson, Mas
J L Kellett, Ran Jose
3 Brewls, England
3 A Sweeney, Los Ang
lire Sweeney, Los Ang
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DIFPATCH FASST STEAiIERS TO
FOI^TL^ISTID
From ED«-ar-6treet V.'harf at 10 a. m.
rinr £12 First Clcs* Inclunir? Berth
r«rlL S-8 Second Clat» end Mealsu
ETATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
April 3
COLUMBIA eails April &
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Uutte.
Helena, ani all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
C5O Market et.
GOODALL. PEHKINS & CO..
Sui^erlntendenta.
AMERICAN LINE.
RIW TCEK. 6CUTHAWTOH. LONDOH. PARIS.
Ftoppinfr at Cherbourg, westbound.
Kroui New York tvtrjf Wednesday, 10 a. in.
Ft. Paul April 4jSt- Paul April 25
Ft. Louis April lllfit. Louis May 2
New York April ISiXew York May i
RED STAJ? LINE.
New YorK ar>d Antwerp.
From New York *very 'Wedneefla.y, II noon.
Kries'.and April ¦ 4( Kensington April 25
Southward Aj>ri! llj Noortland May 2
Westernland ...April IS. Friesland May 9
EMPIRE LINE.
8. S. Ohio, from San Fra.ncl»co May 15 and
from Seattle May Zi. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subseauem f-aJlirips. June 30, July 31. Aug. 30.
I'lrst and *ee<ind class passage. No etw>ra/?<».
For full Information regarding freight and
pap^pe apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Mnntpomfry at., or any of Ha agents.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ni 1 Kirst and Brannan «tr*»»t!. 1 t) tn
for YOKOHAMA ar.d HONGKONO. calling at
Kr>b« Oliofro), Najraraki and Shanghai, and
cor.nwting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia.. «"tc. No carco received on board on day
«f eallinz. v ¦*,
eS. NIPPON MARU „...
Wednesday. April 25th." lW)ft
PR. AMKRIOA MARU.. Saturday. May 19th. ISOO
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, June 14th, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rated. For
freight fcr.d pasy.ipp apply at company's office
4CI Market «.. corner F!rt=t. - ¦ '
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
JE*±2!k^3srJ&D!!f? Th * s - s - A«stri»«
g%wg&ni% -saas n r« iui 4 u
H'tS'** s^T- "S. 130 °" Jlt 2 " p -
•8?^ r^p^.w^^^f^
Favorite line srnur.dthe wnrld -»ia Hawaii.
Famon.New Zrr»i!and. -.Australia. India. ¦ Suez,"
England, etc.; JCIO lirst' c!a»s. ' . •¦ I
I. 0. SPaCCKELS & an.Ci: CO.. dj;t».. \H Montsorafn
Pier 7. Faot Pacihc t\ F«Hrht om^e.i?? J Markf.r St.
Copper Company Sued.
REDDING, March 31.— Suit has been
brought by P. Stolberg and L. Maurer
against the Mountain Copper Company.
Plaintiffs are owners of land upon which,
is growing 2500 almond and 300 assorted
fruit trees. They claim the trees are ren
dered non-productive and are dying from
the effect of poisonous fumes from the
roisters of the defendant corporation's
smelting plant at Keswlck, three miles
from Sha-sta. They represent that they
have been damaged In the gum of $15,000
and ask the recovery of that sum. They
also as=k for an injunction perpetually re
straining the copper company from op
erating its roasters and furnaces without
the use of appliances to condense the
fumes.
ALLEGATIONS OF
ROBERT LODGE DENIED
Answer Filed to His Suit in Which
He Claimed to Be the Heir of
J. D. Lodge.
Special Dlßpatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. March 31.— The eagerly
awaited answer to the petition of Edwin
Reynolds for letters of administration on
the estate of J. D. Lodge, the well-known
capitalist, was filed in the Superior Court
this afternoon by John P. Overton, the
administrator, through his attorneys, Tom
Geary. A. B. Ware and D. R, Gale. It
will be remembered that Mr. Reynolds
represents In his petition Robert D. Lodge
of England, who claims to be the son and
only legitimate heir of the dead capitalist.
The answer denies in detail the sensa
tional and startling allegations made by
Mr. Reynolds as the mouthpiece for the
heir from England.
Administrator Overton first denies that
Mr. Lodge died possessed of property
valued at the figures stated by Mr. Rey
nolds. The allegation that Mr. Lodge
when he left his English home almost
half a century before his death leaving
a wife and son and daughter behind is
given an emphatic denial. It is denied
that Robert D. Lodge is the next of kin
of the deceased or a son at all. This
statement is backed up by the averment
that Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Prince and David
Lodge are the only legitimate children
and heirs of the deceased. The marriage
of J. D. Lodge and Mary Ann Redman in
1546 in Wakefield is denied.
It Is stated in the ajiswer however,
that J. D. Dodge and Martha Lodge (nee
Noble) were married at Pottsville, in the
State of Pennsylvania, on June 11, 1852,
and that from that time until death did
them part they lived together as husband
and wife. A denial is made of all the
other allegations and Judgment of the
court is asked denying the petition of Ed
win Reynolds, and that the same be dis
missed, and that Mr. Overton's letters of
administration be not revoked and that he
recover his costs.
A demurrer to the petition and motion,
to strike out were also filed this after
noon. The demurrer is made on the
grounds of the uncertainty of the peti
tion and that there are no facts set forth
to justify revocation of Mr. Overton's let
ter of administration. The administrator
has also filed a notice that on April 6, in
the ortlce of Notary Public J. T. Camp
bell, in Santa Rosa. Mr. Reynolds and
Robert D. Lodge will be required to ap
pear and have their depositions taken,
and have with them on that occasion cer
tain documents they claim to have In
their possession.
¦ ?
Sent to Preston.
BUISUN. March 31.— An incorrigible boy
named F. Beuk, who has figured fre
quently as a petty larcenist, was to-day
committed to the Preston Reform School
for a period of five years.
EXPLANATION DEMANDED
OF REV. DR. TENNEY
San Jose Teachers Incensed Over
Statements Credited to Him in
a Newspaper.
Special Dlspetch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, March 31.— Tho city cam
paign has already gone a few degrees
above the normal temperature, and this
is all because of a misunderstanding be
tween the schoolteachers of this city
and the Rev. H, Melville Tenney. The
trouble arose over the meeting of the
Pastors' Union held Monday morning,
which had been called for the purpose of
discussing city politics. The preachers
at that time expressed themselves unan
imously in favor of the citizens' nom
inees, who are headed by Harry J. Ed
wards for Mayor. Dr. Tenney of the
Congregational church and liev. Mr.
Maciaren of the Second Presbyterian
church were the principal speakers. The
former declared that politics dominated
the schools, and that teachers were
obliged to have the indorsement of one
of the political bosses before they could
secure a position, and that many of them
felt keenly this humiliation.
One of the local papers misquoted Mr.
Tenney, so the minister declares, and
caused him to say that "the schools of
the city are a disgrace to a civilized com
munity." This caused the pretty school
ma'ams to rise in wrath and say all kind
of things about the pastor. The faculty
of the Horace Mann School requested
that a meeting of the Teachers' Mutual
Aid Association be called and an expla
nation be demanded of Mr. Tenney. Tho
executive committee of the association
held a meeting last evening to discuss the
matter. A letter was read from Mr. Ten
ney in which he said that some of the
statements attributed to him by a local,
paper had been garbled and twisted. He
stated he was a true friend of the schools
and teachers and wanted a hearing."
This allayed the wrath of the school
ma'ams gome. A committee, consisting of
Superintendent Russell, Louis Bruch and
Miss Enna M. Ringo, was appointed to
look into the matter and find out Just
what was said at the meeting.
This committee will visit the Pastors'
Union meeting next Monday morning and
pet an expression from its members as to
tho speech on that occasion uttered and
the sentiment indorsed by them. They
will also interview others that were pres
ent.
A meeting of the executive committee
will be held Thursday evening to hear the
report of the. investigating committee.
The teachers object to being dragged in
to politics and are not anxious to get any
notoriety during the coming campaign.
DEPOSITORS DECIDE
TO PRESS THEIR SUITS
No Further Hope of a Compromise
With Stockholders of the De
funct Union Bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 31.— There remains
but little chance of a compromise between
the stockholders and depositors of the de
funct Union Savings Bank, and the court
litigation that has been stopped by a sort
of armistice for a couple of weeks will
again proceed with unusual vigor.
The depositors had agreed to accept
$300,000 cash and the bank's assets in lieu
of all claims agaln«t the stockholders, and
the stockholders seemed willing for
awhile, but a change has come about.
This would give depositors about 90 cents
on the dollar. The depositors recently
obtained Judgments against the stock
holders, aggregating $28 60 per share. At
torneys Laib and Tompkins, representing
the stockholders, have notified their
clients that the stay of execution expires
April 8, and it they want to appeal they
must at once prepare to give bonds. In
this notice the attorneys admit all efforts
to compromise have failed.
The depositors have attachments on the
property of all the stockholders and de
clare they have the upper hand in the
fight. So far 15 per cent dividends on de
posits have been paid. They will now
press the Judgments on suits against the
stockholders for their pro rata liability.
OIL MAGNATE TRAVELS
WITH SMALLPOX VICTIM
Porter on the Private Car of Richard
.C. Kerens Found to Have the
Dread Disease.
ST. LOUIS, March 31.— Thomas L. (Gen
try, a negro porter on the private car of
Richard C. Kerens, which was used' by
H. Clay Pierte, the oil magnate, and
party on a trip to Texas, was sent to
quarantine to-day with a well-developed
case of smallpox.
With Pierce on the Texas trip were his
son and John D. Johnson, the attorney.
They reached St. Louis last night, and
until to-day were unaware that for sev
eral days they had been on the same car
with an Incipient case of smallpox.
Strike Ended.
SPOKANE, March 31.— A special to the
Chronicle says the strike in the mines of
the Nelson district, British Columbia, has
ended. The mines in the Nelson and
Ymir districts will pay uniform wages of
$3 25 a day. It is distinctly a concession
on the part of the mine managers. The
strike started ten months ago, and has
caused great loss in the British Colum
bia mining districts.
Delegates Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEDFORD, Or., March 31.— The Jack
son County Republican Convention to-day,
after an exciting: contest, elfctod ten dele
gates to the Congressional convention.
They are for ex-Speaker E. V. Carter for
Congress, . and were elected by one vote
over the ticket in tho Interest ot Con
gressman Toneua.
9 . ¦ "_L.J.WII_ m^jM^ujCMinj.^-^. ¦'-?. :
» To convince you of the wonderful curative power of Electrozone a sample
| bottle will be given ABSOLUTELY FREE. Watch this paper for date: Free Sample
| will be given. Electrozone preparations are standard remedies that should be in
w every home. They are offered for sale only through the legitimate business chan-
[ nels. If your druggist don't keep them he will get them for you. Take no substi-
| tute. Watch date when Free Sample Bottle will be given. Ask your druggist for
w Electrozone. . . \. ;;
> . • " : • - : ; -V:'-:: ; :'/;-,:.: '/;-,:. %
\ . /^^t^^W^^v E ectrozone
| tlßCtrOZOne Cores Rheumatism, ;
I Enriches, Purifies Stomach, Krdnej |
\ the Blood and |sra««^^S^ s i«D^ HJ?/^^ws«pstt-yH J ? /^^ws«pstt-y and Bladder |
I b* up t^ W9lmUgSk, 4iiiSpli », -cm.
i Blood Diseases.
\ OIPIINTON OF THE PRESS.
! ARIZONA REPUBLICAN, the leading daily in Arizona, says: Retaii druggists say Elec-
! tfozone is a good seller, while grateful people daily attest to its wonderful curative power. Elec-
} trozone has proved to be a good remedy for Rheumatism, Stomach, Kidney ailments and Catarrh.
• THE WORLD: Electrozone is what suffering humanity needed for years. Disease dis-
! appears before Electrozone as the dew before the sun.
> THE TIDINGS the leading Catholic paper in Southern California: We have inter-
J viewed many people who have given testimonials of being cured by Electrozone and find them to ;
• THE BALLARD NEWS, Washington: Electrozone advertises itself. Many Ballard
! people feel grateful for the benefit derived from Electrozone. * ;
! J± PHYSICIAN. i
> DR T B. TAYLOR, a former professor of the Philadelphia Medical College, writes: lam
! a Dhvsicia'n and surgeon of ' 36 years' practice and cheerfully recommend Electrozone for Stomach,
» Kidney and Nervous derangements. 1 have used and prescribed it with good results. .
I THE PUBLIC INDORSES.
! CHARLEY COLE, of the well-known firm of Field & Cole, of 349 Spring street, Los An-
' geles: 1 have taken Electrozone with good results for Stomach Trouble and recommend it as a
' MRS. WALLACE, 320 Pike street, Seattle: Electrczone cured me of Rheumatism after 10
! years' suffering. 1 recommend Electrozone to my friends.
! JOHN CAMPBELL, Lancaster, Cal.: Electrozone cured me of Stomach Trouble and Rheu- \
1 matism of 20 years' standing. 1 cannot praise Electrozone enough. 1
! LAURA GLOVER, Victoria, B. C: Electrozone cured me of a severe case of Rheumatism. J
• MRS. HINDS, 413 Darwin avenue, Los Angeles: lam 58 years old and am well known on <
• the coast. *1 gladly 'recommend Electrozone. I suffered for years with Rheumatism and Stomach j
• Trouble. ' I began improving at once after taking Electrozone and am now well. •¦]
1 S # W. CLARK, 601 Main street, Stattle: Your Electrozone is a boon to suffering humanity. 1
1 I was on the verge of' the grave with Blocd Poison and Varicose Ulcers. Electrrzone saved my life. J
1 J B NICHOLAS of San Francisco, formerly head upholsterer of the Baldwin Hotel, now 1
! residing'at Baldwin's ranch, Southern California: Electrozone cured me of Rheumatism. It is a [
1 g °° MRS. A. A. ASKAY, dressmaker, 418 1-2 South Grand avenue, Los Angeles: Electrozone
! cured me of Nervous Prostration and Complicated Female Complaints. I recommend it to all |
I women who suffer with such ailments.
I ELECTROZONE
• Will positively cure Rheumatism, Kidney and Bladder Ailments, Stomach Trouble
• and Catarrh, and all diseases arising from impure biood. One bottle of Eiectrozone ,
I will convince you of its wonderful curative power. Eiectrozone has cured severe;
' cases of years' standing when all else failed. Try it this day if you are not in good <
• health. Don't hesitate. Electrozone is for you. Take no substitute. Insist on!
1 Electrozone.
! j^LT-i DRUGGISTS SELL .
cfto3^eo»ooooo®Q OCQ ® co ® OOOGCQ ® ooooooooa<sgei@Qg>OQeg)aQOOQOOgog>QOCo3ooo<
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRENCHMAN'S
ESTIMATE OF
PANAMA CANAL
Commodore Germinet Says
One More Effort Will
Complete It.
Panama Company Owns All thB Ma
terial Necessary and Can Beadily
Baise Half the Fluids Required
to Finish the Work.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN DIEGO. March 31.— 1n an interview
with Commodore Germinet of the French
cruiser Protet. the Union in the morning
will quote him in regard to the success of
the Pan-American Canal Company as say-
Ing that there remains but one more effort
on tho part of the company to accomplish
this "greatest victory of man over the
forces of nature."
The Protet spent a month at Panama
recently, and as a French otticer the com
modore was careful to note the progress
of events there. In part of the interview
he is quoted as saying: "The most favor
able project will cust 512,000 francs and
can be carried to completion iir eight
years. This project, however, necessitates
the use of three locks. The canal, how
ever, can be built on a level— that Is,
without the use of locks at a cost approx
imately of six hundred million francs and
requiring a much longer time.
"If account is taken of the enormous
difficulties that are necessarily met with
in ¦tartlns works of this character in a
new country, it is safe to estimate that
two-lift hs ol" the entire work has been
accomplished.
"The Panama Company owns at Colon
and at Pu.na.ina all the plant necessary to
be turned over to the new company that
will undertake to finish the work. The
plant consists of dredgers, steam shovels,
locomotives, flatcars, N rails, barges, tow
boat, tools and machinery of all kinds, all
of which is estimated to be worth 150.0U0,-
GuO francs.
"By reason of an agreement between
the general manager of the new company
and the receiver of the old company the
new company lincis Itself in a most aflt
tering condition. It will be in a position
to dispose of first. 3<J.<>"o,ooo francs of its
stock; second, 220,i>0<J,OjO francs of stock
controlU-d by the receiver of the old com
pany and secured by bonds which have a
quotable value on the Bourse of Paris.
This 250,000,000 francs is, approximately,
half the amount absolutely necessary for
THE SAIST FRAISTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
Rjfl PLATFQ pjS»J»^
jyu r femes LiiK^^t^^
Gold Crowns, 85; Full Set Teeth,
$5j Bridgework. $5; Gold Fill-
ings, SI upj Silver Fillih&s, 50c.
723 MARKET ST,
-MAIN 'OFFICE
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS. PORT-
LAND. OR. •
BRAIN FOOD
Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is Di-
gested.
Nearly every one will admit that as a
nation -we eat too much meat and too lit-
tle of vegetables and grains.
For business men, office men and clerks,
and In fact every one engaged In seden-
tary or Indoor occupations, grains, milk
and vegetables are much more healthful.
Only men engaged in severe outdoor
manual labor can: live on a heavy meat
diet and continue in health.
As a general rule, meat once a day is
sufficient for all classes of men, women
and children, and grains, fruit and vege-
tables should constitute the bulk of food
eaten.
But many of the most nutritious foods
are difficult cf digestion and it Is of no
use to advise brain workers to eat largely
of grains and vegetables where the diges-
tion is too weak to assimilate them prop-
erly. \ ' : . ¦'.' '
It Is always best to get the best results
from our food that some simple and
harmless digestive should be taken after
meais to assist the. relaxed digestive or-
gans, and several years' experience have
proven Stuart's Dyspepsia. Tablets to
be a very safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive and a remedy which may. t>e taken
tiaily with the best results. .-
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. can hardly
be called a patent medicine, as they do
not act on the bowels nor any particular
organ, but only on the food eaten. They
supply what weak stomachs lack, pepsin
diastase, and by stimulating the gastric
glands Increase the natural secretion of
hydrochloris acidi . .
People who make a dally practice of
taking one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal are sure to have
1 perfect digestion, which means perfect
health. .'. :; - ¦' '. :-"-¦-'•
There is no danger of forming an in-
jurious habit as the tablets contain ab-
solutely nothing but natural digestives;
cocaine, morphine and similar drugs have
ri'T place Ini the stomach medicine, and
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are certainly
tlie best known Mid most popular of all
tt'irnach rernf^lle?.
.Ask your druggist for a fifty-cent pack-
Bt« of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet?, and
efter a week's use note the improvement
in health, appetite and nervous energy.
ESTATES, LEGACIES AND UN-
CLAIMED MONEY
ENGLAND. SCOTLAND op
IRELAND.
SEARCHES BY EXPKRTS— BEST LTOAL
ADVICE.
If you have a boss, tide claim to an Estate
la the Old Country, or to a fund In Chancery.
or to a Lepacy which you wish to recover,
write (five-cent ftamp) to THE ESTATES
REALIZATION' COMPANY. 7 and S (treat
Winchester Streot. K. C. LONDON. ENG-
LAND. < Establlshod IE9C.)
This advertisement will not appear again.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
> . Ftozmerr leave Broadway
>j^ wharf; Son l-'Yaacisco:
l^)»»^^ For AlaFkan ports — 10 a. in..
KSrSSBk. -April.!. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26; May 1.
! "*^T-»»^*V ''¦¦'*'* '¦ > <-¦::.; a.:;y's Bteamers
[¦'^SXiUXii] For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
; GJ^Siflgal C.» ¦ Tort Town*end, Seattle,
/' "^^VtlQj Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea
w >9ffi and New What com (Waoh.)—
10 a. m.. April 1. 6. 11. 16. 21.
16; May 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
chacpe at Seattle to this oonipaiij-'s steamers
(or Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. I*.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
' For Eur<-ka Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April 4,
I. I*. 19. 21. 29; May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Fan Simeon. Cay-
•uoos. Port Harfcrd <Pan Lul« Obispo), (Javlota,
hanta H.-.rf.ara.- Wntura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Bast San Pedro (I»« Angles), and Newport—*
a. m.. April 1. S. 9. U. 17. SI. 25, 29; May 4, and
*-v«>ry fourth day thereafter.
For Pan I >lef:o, utoppinit only at Port Harford
?Pan Luis OMfjm), Santa Barbara. Port Loo
Ar.jrel-s ani Ke4on<so <lxw Angeles)— ll a. m.,
April 3. 7. 11. 15. 1?. 3. T.; May 1, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For niisfr.ada, Vacdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cn.bo. Ma?.m.!an, Altata. Im. Pat. Santa Rosalia
anJ Ouayrnas (Mexico)— lo a. m., 7th of each
Dimith. - - * .
For further Information obtain company's
foMer. -
The company reserves the rlffht to change
ffamsrs, Falling: dat^s and hours of sailing,
¦rithnut r.iwious notice.
TlChKl OF I' l OK— 4 New Montgomery
etn*>t (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. On. AirU..
. 10 Market St.. San Franc'.Fco.
BAY ABTD BIVEB^ STE A WF.B&.
FOBO. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
: Steamer ;"Mdntic«U©.**
llONi Tues., Wed.. T-hur«.\an<l Sat. at 9:45
a, m.; 2:15. 8:30 P- in. *c*. Thurt. nJKht); Frf-
fiays, 1 p. m. and f:30; Sundays, 10:30 -a. m., g
p. 13, Landing: and ode*. Mission -«tre«t Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IfiOS.
FARE :.....> •¦•.. SOc
ft carriage is a. comfortable thin^ r b^ggl|lg|
yM to ride in but KAST'S shoes P/saYv^
are the best to walk in_ §hoes yi^'m 0
pi that fit the feet gtvles to WjV
Jw please the eye /^rices,weil_ :
our windows tell tfie stony . jw
Send for our illusVraied cala- W
lo£,spnnsand summer.i9oo
738-?4oKAST'S M *««ET <§*§
20GRAPE-NUTS.
Pehhyroyai pills
M »~<S^V __Orf*l«al aad Only Ccaaiaa.
K VKs\ Bin< i.;i« r»::»t. , l.aitto. ask PnrHn
£J\SPi&. far CniCIIESTEIt'S KSGUdII
2?V S^>^ S." 21 h:M TiVtml - Take a* nthrr. B«fa M
I ' ¦ W "*"¦ "-'7 '¦ 7»r arw.i^t at —nj 4 r i a
I!T A "*?>?.*'. J*«rtleulara. Tcattaaalala
VV ff •*l"ncl!ef for La-ilr*.- initum, by re
' y tara UalL lo.inio :-,va ,a.»«. Sn.ur
„ Z~~\ aHDrajjUu. Chl«ae a t«r Caemlral C«l
Ucitoa liU v.;tr. Maal*.. 8, uarß , I'UILC r£
To Lecture in Turk-Street Temple.
Adelbert M. Dewey will lecture at the
Temple, 117 Turk street, to-night, on "The
Crime of the Century-" The public is in
vited. The lecture will begin at S o'clock.
Seats free.
Phi Delta Phi Banquet.
The annual banquet of the Phi Delta
Phi Fraternity was held last night at the
Palace Hotel. Covers were laid for about
thirty. The menu was elaborate and sub
stantial and the evening was a merry
one.
Trunks, valises, dress-suit cases and
traveling rolls. Immense assortment of
.be^t grade at Sanborn, Vail & Co/s, 741
Market street. •
6 QUART BOTTLES 54, 80.
Express charces prepaid. \ ••" ¦¦".
HUhect grade fcr il.-::.-inaI or Famfly cs«.
U> give ycu tne -benefit of th* middl*m*n'9
profit, besides you are guaranteed tb* cer-
tainty or . • -; ¦ : ••¦ ". .
fURE WHISKEY.
Nothtaff on case to Indicate ccntenta. '•,
Money rerun.tet! If m>t satisfactory.
Reference, any business firm ahd cemmerclal
axencles. .. • ._. • . •
f. EPHRAim ««= c:o..
•¦¦•'. DtsUlers* Agents. .: -..
18 MontKomery strert. San rraneJscd, Cal.
C7"Twic« tne price cculd buy ¦ no better.
Twenty-Eight Independent Foresters
Visit the Grand Padisha to
Receive Oriental DegTee.
At the close of the last held meeting of
Court Yerba Buena of the Independent
Order of Foresters the senior woodward
announced that the team from Court Seal
Rock which had tx?en invited to confer
the Oriental degree on a number of can
didates was In waiting. The team—com
posed of S. Phipps. grand padlsha; G.
Pitney, grand vizier; F. Everett, grand
pasha; A. E. Graupner, grand prophet,
and E. N. Cameron, grand herald — upon
invitation took possession of the court
room and, with the assistance of a num
ber of Nubian slaves, in a short time con
verted it into an Oriental palace the
magnificence of which has never before
been excelled In the conferring of this
very ancient and sublime degree, by
which the candidates are transformed
into Princes of the Orient. The robes
worn by the officers named, imported
from the Far East, are very costly and
gems of Oriental art. It is said that they
were used by ancient Arabs in the confer
ring of the mystic rites of this degree,
and the crown worn by the grand padi
sha is said tp have at one time been the
property of AHiletes, who reigned in Egypt
SO B. C. The swords and arms worn by
the members of the team have each a
history, that during the ceremony is ex
plained to the candidates for princely
honors, and then and at no other time
axe the princes permitted to feel the
weight of these implements of war of the
ancients In the palm-decorated rooms,
in which burned soft lights in golden
cen?ers which emitted delicious aromatic
odors from special herbs, were Introduced
twenty-eight strangers who were anxious
to cross the narrow and sandy path that
leads to the locale of the grand padi
sha. for "the path is boset with great
perils and many hardships have to be
overcome before any one can be brought
into the august, presence of the dispenser
of princely commissions." which on that
occasion were on "special sale" on ac
count of the great nunmber applying for
them. The candidates passed tnrough the
ordeal all right and received all the se
crets of the degree, which they were all
bound by an ironclad oath not to make
known to any one who Is not a Prince of
the Orient, under severe penalties. After
each new Prince had received his com
mission with the seal impressiblv afflxed
he was taken to an adjoining hall and
there kept until the last commission had
been given out; then all were made guests
at an ordinary every nlgM collation, at
which there was not the slightest sign of
Oriental luxury. The Princes all looked
in vain for the grand padisha and his
retinue. These had been transformed into
ordinary mortals. There was. In addition
to the collation and clears, a fhort pro
gramme of songs, music and literary ef
forts.
ANOTHER TRIUMPH.
Holbrook Blinn of San Francisco
Achieves Success on the I/on
don Stage.
Mr. Holbrook Blinn of San Francisco
has pained new laurels on the London
stage. His third and greatest success
was recently achieved at the Prince of
"Wales Theater, in ''Don Juan's Last
Wager." a romantic play in four acts
from the fcianish. The critic of the Sun
day Special in an extended .review of the
play comments In this fashion:
"Mr. HHnn makes forward strides In ev
ery part he undertakes, and if he was'un.
forgettable in 'The Cat and the Cherub,'
impressible in "The Only Way,' he has to
my knowledge never done so well as in
the part "of the commander. Hey! how
breezy and Impetuous he ¦was when he
rounded on Don Juan, the finest sword of
Seville: how his. words savored of the
grandezza of old Spain, when he dealt
with the reprobate, and then again bow
firmly as a rock he stood for many mm.
utes an image of stone on a pedestal — he
even succeeded In avoiding ridicule when
in his marble clothing he entered the sup
per room and bade Don Juan follow. It
was all so fine and so vigorous that I am
not at ail sure that Mr. Blinn is not the
man to play Don Juan; at any rate he has
advanced his reputation, and his col
league. Herbert Sleath. in particular, can
study from him the difference between
acting In sixteenth century _ plays and
modern melodramatic style."
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN OF
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
The Board of Survey Still Examin
ing State Property — Division En
campment in August.
Matters in the line, of the National
Guard have been very quiet during the
past week. The board of survey of the
Second Brigade has been at work Inspect
ing th© property of the State in charge of
the several organizations located in thla
city, and in a few weeks will submit its
report.
It is probable that the division encamp
ment that is to be held on the State
grounds near Santa Cruz will not b© held
until August, as it appears that the men
belonging to the several organizations
outside of San Francisco will not be able
to leave their employment for a week
without great Inconvenience until after
the end of July. In the meantime the
camp site will be put in condition for the
three brigades that are to assemble there.
A portion of the blouses delivered by
Mandel, Pursch & Co. have be*>n distrib
uted, but the others, which. It is said,
are not quite up to the standard, have not
been accepted.
Corporal Z. M. Harris has been appoint
ed sergeant, vice King, in Company H of
the Fifth Infantry. Corporal E. H. Hort
men and Corporal G. I. Wildberg. of the
same company, have been promoted ser
geants, vice Bales and Roberts.
The Marion is at Mare Island, where
she is being cleared of the barnacles and
sea weed which accumulated during the
two years she was at anchor in this bay.
The next meeting of the officers of the
First Infantry will be held next Thursday
night, but it is doubtful if any business
will be transacted, as those who were re
cently elected have not yet received their
commissions.*
Captain Goodell of Company C, First
Infantry, who has been ill for some time,
is convalescent.
May Be Major General.
There is still some talk that it is the
intention of Governor Gage to remove
Major General John H. Dickinson from
the position of division commander of thf»
National Guard, and it is now asserted
that when that event takes place Briga
dier-General "Warfield, commanding the
Second Brigade, will be appointed major
general.
ADVEHTISZMENTS.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1000.
DEVELOPMENT OF
THE OIL FIELDS
IS PROGRESSING
San Diego and Tehama Are
Equally Interested in;
-.¦•.. : ;Sands Oleaginous.
Ne-w Industry Has Already Given
Eds« to Plans for Coastructiai
of T-vro Ueir Kcads in '
Kern County.
Tho oil »r«a wi^ns. There is more ex
cuomont m>ar tb* well* tl.an there is in
this city, .where the people wait for a<i
virc-s and are hpt : affecl*d materially by
Th«- nf "Ftrikfs" and derrick?.
Oil in paying quantities and so; handled
;is to pay dividends to the stockholders
and a.i others I* ihe d«*i<3ermtum-'. Tb«
oil n.us of. the »•• • k utfees in many dit
to r.-TH and widely separated localities
Oj c of the first municipal fruits of iho oil
industry i- manifested at J Bakerstleld;
tthere a pn.ijwt to build an electric rail
hij : ronnect itakerFflold an-1 Korn City
is in fair way of consummation. The oil
r>ros i i»t : c:ori; are working all ov>r that sec
tion. . The rush .of strangers enminues
and th* hcitris are cor.s-.ujiUy filled with
::. ¦•••, »vho are looking over the Ikld.
Oil has been struck .n the old Porter
ranch; :,ine rr.iics from Uueaeme. A local
j.ii;-;r says that oil v.;>-? found at a ck-pth
t.f 441 iVt-i, and,'al!hougn"no iarge amount
E&8 been si-en, the driUers think there is
oil In abundance la th* 1 ground. There
was no flow in the well, tne only oil dis
covered being ih ii oa the tools when -they
\%.re drawn' lip trozn the hole where tho
drill had bee:: sunk. The well is on the
Hu&sna gra:.:, which has an area of 22.1D2
.-icxes,. and .-. majority of this property is
now cia.in.--ti. ifased or under option as oil
land. Tin. ea.-ttrn part of the main end
of the pr^:.: i>- known as the Porter ranch,
while Mr. Harloe owns the west end of
::¦ grant. A well is being put down ou
the Ua^brouck place, four miles from
where :«e tirst mentioned well was bored.
Perhaps ihe locality is more definitely de
beribed a.s b^iiig in . township ~- south,
:^:.- 15 west. ... t
A large tale of land at Sunset, in the
K<r:i itiver oil district, has bten made.
Iht boidl&S* wtre by the Jewett-Blotigett
:.:ni uuq tfoe amount parted with was ISJ
. :¦:-, uh;cn takes in the land in whicii
:• relopznent ha* been made. The report
Is that an Kngiish syndicate has taken a
itirce-rourttis interest* and that Jewett &
Blodgm retain one-fourth iniexest and
will remain the active managers. A ltase
has also i»eti made of a large tract to
r- .::: r riiticisoo parlies.
The governing committee of the Los
Angeles U:l Exchange has adopted the
:i.;iowing>
Uy .cr<i«r of th« . ecvemlng . committee, all
! : kts making contracts with £nch oth^r for
'atuie delivery cf stocks or i-^truleum aj-e re-
Quevted to maJte their c»n arrangements as
10 ¦:!¦.» d^poeit <c* ,the . contracts, stock or
-.money. Tee secretary or other, officers of the
»ji' hant« are nvt expected to take any re-
Bj) aslbulty whatever ;a eoaßectlpp with such
tmr.KaciioiiE, and the parties to- such tran
¦FetlOßfl KbOQM :aakt Iheir own arrangements
at tho bank or elsewhere, to h.ave their money
at d t-ecyri.ties held" by. some tlurd tarty other
ttan an officer or the exchange.
What constituted a delivery of stock
w.is considered and it was decided that
writ- n a. broker offered a stock certificate,
properly indorsed, he had completed his
obligation and was not held to see that
the transaction was made on the books of
the company. In other words, the gov
erning committee has decided that the
Stock, certificate is in itself prlma facie
t\ idi-nce of the transaction, providing, of
ccur^j. that the ctrtlcate snail have been
propeny indorwd.
In the McKutrick district a hujre arte-
Bian well of wuter baa been developed.
The water runs over the casing to the
hdgtrti of four feet. Lack of water has
tt< D a serious problem in the section. The
B'ik^rsnt-id California^ says that a plan is
usiaer -wnsideration to cover the entire
McKittrick field ar.d the Sunset and the
territory between, the two with a pipe
f ystem to convey water to the numerous
r:"-s at work.
The contest between Char.slor & Cann>!<l
arid the Petroleum Development Company
over land in the Kern River district baa
Le*n eeuled out of court.
In the Uhittier field the Whittier Crude
Oil Company is erecting its third derrick,
the Central Oil Company is putting up Its
twenty-fourth derrick and the Sunset
Company has three derricks and will soon
put up three more. The latter company
liiis 16,00) acr»« of land, according to the
Los Angeles Time*. ;¦• '•
A pipe line has been completed by the
I'nion Oil Company from Fullerton to
Bixby. a distance of nineteen mOs. For
a time tht-.oil will be shipped from Bixby
l>; rail. Eventually -the pipe line will be
extended t£> San Pedro. adH
Th* Southern -.Pacific Company appears
to bare gi!od luck at Summerland. The
story E« told ¦ that when the .ilow was
struck ln-a ne-tf well the oil rose 270 feet
la a eight and the pump yielded 140 barreja
in the -.first twenty-four hours. The oil is
heavy ai,. free from eand.
Ihirty-t'.x locations for .wells were
made in ire IJrta Carjyon, near Fuller
tc;., for th' Union Oil Company in oti<
day recently. T^n locations were. made
there tn- ; r- -coding week by the fc^u^c
company.. ¦ • .-' :
Oil has been' discovered In a well at.
Moreno; BJven«id« County, at v. depth of
&.V» feet, just after the drill had passed
through a «tratuxn of blue shale.
Tb&Saxi£f:t Railroad. Company has been
Incorporated to bcild a road from Crosford.
on theJine olthv r-outhern Pacific's Mc-
Kittrick branch to .ihe Sunset oil fields.
The incorpotators ire: C. N. Beal, Sol
Blodpett.-L. P. Strt;h ; !r and F. T.Whorff.
The line will be thiTty miles long.
A movement is on foot to have oil sold
on the ¦ Los Axigtl.ts Kxchange for Ban
Francisco . .delivery, sales .to be maoe
through brokers who :arp members of
both the Lob An^ele* and San Francisco
txihanges,.
There is difficulty in getting casings.
Th* Del Mar Corr.par.y, that -was to have
bepun borlrg ' at Del Mar. San Diego
County^ made ready to go-a head and then
found that not -a foot of casing could be
bought in Ixjs Angeles. The company
will have to wait until more casings are
shipped from the' East.!
The. T«-hama County Oil Company has
been incort>orated at Red Bluff by C. It.
Mahew. H. P. Stide, L.. I*. McCoy, F.
Hendricks *-t al!j to prospect for, produce
and refine oil for the market. The com
pany has bonded 10M acres west of P.ed
Bluff and UOOO has been subscribed to de
velop some of the property. Work will
begin very soon..
In the Divorce Court.
Gertrude Bennett has sued Clayton Ben
nett for a divorce, alleging 'desertion as
cause "of'actlon. Theresa Smith has been
granted a divorce from William Smith on
the ground of desertion. Arthur John
Martin has sued Kath.rine Alice Martin
for a divorce, alleging cruelty a» cause of
Action.
DiLiULL'S KELNYIGORAIOR^^rgI
i'i«e taadrsd reward tor any »j£!j*y*'B
c*»ewt cannot cure. Thia secret ¦¦•**-• F^Wi!
rtm»dy *xov all losses in 24 fl ' •
boura. cures .Emissions, liupo- ?»^f W .JN
tency. Vincocrl-. Gonoirfcoeu. f^rf^ ?"TTI
Ule«t. rita. Strlcfor»3. Uasi '-*v^ Sii. -;
Manhood aod all wasting effe>n» ,^S| j\ t
vt »elt"-abu«« or exceasea. Seat — - •- - _
«ea!ed. %2 bottle; 3 bottles, $j; iraaranteed t»
cur* any case. .Address HALL' 3 MEDICAL. 111.
6TITUTE. »so Brci^-»ay. Oakland. Cal. AI«o
lor aala at 10T3H M^Vkef »t. . S. F. All prtvat*
•iscaaas quickly cured. Send for free book.
KEW WESTER* HOTEL,
If EARXT AND WASHIXOTO.V STS.-RE-
"modeled aad renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOc to II to <iay-
** i° 3j W *^f : H to tw moi «^ FYee batiis: h^t
and cold water every room; Jlro grates la «v«rr
'rocxn; elevator runs all nisbt. - f
The Triumphant
Act
. of your
. Life,
Eat •
Qrape=Nut
and remember these cakes are
'rflade of Griape-Nuts. the most
Rourjshing-brcakfast food in exist-.
ence. " Next day have a Grape-
Nuts pudding, recipe on package-
Postum Cereal Pure Food Fac-
tories, Battle Creek. Mich.
An Insolvent Laborer.
J..C. Meftord, a laborer residing In Car
ters, Tuolumne. Cour.ty. filed a petition in
insolvency. yesterday in the United States
I>istrict Court. His liabilities are S33S 26
¦and. he has no assets."' . :
LABOR UNION
BATTLES WITH
LABOR UNION
Bricklayers' Fight Is Begin
ning to Assume Large
Proportions.
International . Organization Accuses
Civil Service Commissioner P. H.
McCarthy of Trickery to Aid
His Political Interests.
A battle is now on in earnest between
the local Bricklayers' Union of San Fran
cisco and the Bricklayers' and Masons'
International Union. At present the local
organization has, the upper hand in the
controversy and the international men are
locked out. The strike against the local
union ordered by the international is be
ginning to make itself felt, however, and
before many weeks pass it is safe to as
sume that hundreds of international men
will have arrived in this city prepared to
battle with the local men for precedence.
Civil Service Commissioner P. H. Mc-
Carthy, who is president of the Building
Trades Council, is blamed for the present
state of affairs by the international men,
and they say that he is dovetailing his
interests In the council with those in poli
tics — is playing both ends against the mid
dle. Nicholas Dugan. who represents the
international organization in this city,
thus expressed himself regarding Mr. Mc-
Carthy, but he says the end is not yet.
Circulars issued by the International
Union from its headquarters at Cohoea,
N. V., on March 20, declaring a strike on
the locaJ union are beginning to arrive in
packages; and the influence they will wleid
will soon be determined. The circular
reads:
The executive board has been obliged to order
a strike against the local Bricklayers' Union
of San Francisco, Cal.. and the Building Trades
Council of that city. This local union, backed
up by the liullding Trades Council, has been
endeavoring to exterminate our union, and like
wise the B. and 41. I. U. Jron the State.
Acting upon the action of the last convention
the executive board decided to send President
Klein to that city to effect If possible a settle
ment of the differences there existing, riving
him full power to act for the best Interests of
the International Union. He has done every
thing compatible with honor and would easily
have succeeded were It not for the action of
the Building Trades Council. They have struck
against our men and caused them to lose their
employment. This Building Trade* Council is
controlled chiefly by one man and has been
used as a political machine to advance the In
terests politically of some of its active spirits.
It has made its boast that it will drive the In
ternational Union out of the State, and we are
going to slve thorn a chance to do it.
We will assist our brothers of No. 1 of Cali
fornia with moral, physical and financial aid.
And we invite all members of the International
Union now traveling on the Pacific slope or the
Northwest Territory to so to that city and as
sist our brothers. There is excellent Induce
ments, as work is and will be very plenty. The
hours of work are eight hours per day and the
pay is ii per day. or £2'j cents per hour. There
Is more brickwork to be done there than can
be handled by the combined forces of our union
and the local. The city is to expend some $25.
000.000 in public improvements alone, notably a
new brick sewer system, and' the general
amount of brickwork in commercial building is
unusually large. Here is a splendid opportunity
for bricklayers who are competent to carry on
work by contract or overseelne, for they can
get all the work they want or they can make
their own terms.
All we ask or desire of them in return Is that
they will stand by our union. No. 1. in all mat
ters, for this is to be a fight to a finish between
the International Union amt the local union and
Its backers, thfe Building Trades Council. The
abuse and contumely they have ca-?t on the In
ternational Unicn is something awful. They
have given President Klein their ultimatum
that all International Union men mu«t pay a
special initiation lee of $100 to be allowed to
Join their union, and then they will see. after
getting their money, that they will not Bet any
work.
Brothers, this Is an awful rtate of affairs.
We want you to resent It. "We want you to
stand up and defend your rights and your or
ganization and teach these people a lesson they
will not soon forKet.
A number of the carpenter contractors are
with us In this fight. They want us to furnish
them with competent bricklayers or contract
ors, and they will give them the brickwork, for
they do not want to give the game to the local
boss bricklayers. Therefore don't miss this op
portunity. Fill that city with bricklayers. We
have opened a headquarters there at 117 Turk
street, and all International Union bricklayers
arriving in the city will please call there and
register, and they will be provided for.
There is. and will be, plenty of work.
The statement in the circular, "this
Building Trades Council is controlled
chiefly by one man," Mr. Dugan says, re
fers to Civil Service Commissioner Mc-
Carthy.
"Mr. McCarthy has so influenced the va
rious local unions." said Mr. Dugan last
evening, "that all, with the exception of
the stonecutters, plasterers and one or
two small organizations, obey his sugges
tions, and on an international man finding
a position on a job all other workmen,
with the exception of those named, imme
diately pack their tools and 'walk out.' In
every city in the Union international men
may deposit their cards and go to work
on them without further ceremony, but
here an initiation fee of $100 is demanded
by the local order. It is unjust and un
reasonable, and although this fight among
tho labor unions may at this time be
looked upon with pleasure by the employ
ers of labor in anticipation that wage
scales will be lowered, such will not be
the case.
¦ "International men will now hurry here
by the hundreds, and when contractors
are apprised that sufficient are here to
guarantee that jobs given into their hands
will be finished, the tight will be over and
the local union will yield."
nil FC Completely er»dle.te<J wtts.
I^l H I" cut c 'J«!n* or tyin*. S3
I ILLVj cure^ no. cay. For Jnform*-
tlon il.!r-=» S. F. RKtrTAX*
ASSAULTED HIS
LANDLADY AND
HER DAUGHTERS
Blake Franklin, a Young
Man, Savagely Attacks
Three Women.
«
Miss Parmentier, One of His Victims,
Unconscious for Over Two
Hours — Their Assailant
Arrested.
Because they refused to allow him to
gel away with a latchkey to their house
Blake Franklin, a well-drc-ssed young
man who was formerly employed a3 a
stenographer at Mare Island, last evening
brutally assaulted Mrs. Parmentier of 3W
Jones street and her two daushters. One
of the girls was so badly Injured that she
was unconscious for over two hours.
Franklin has been rooming with the
Farmentiers for about a month. Recently
he secured a position on a transport that
leaves here to-morrow and so notified
Mrs. Parmentier. Last evening he went
to the house and after packing his gtip
started to leave. Mrs. Parmentier, notic
ing that he had taken the latchkey, asked
him for it. For a reply Franklin struck
her in the face, knocking her down. Her
daughter, Louisa, appeared on the scene
at this Juncture and seeing her mother
lying prostrate on the floor demanded an
explanation of Franklin.
With an oath the furious young man
smote her on the jaw. knocking her out.
As she fell helpless to the floor he re
peatedly kicked her about the neck and
body. The unfortunate woman's sister
rushed to her rescue and was herself
severely beaten by Franklin.
The screams of Mrs. Parmentier at
tracted the attention at Policeman George
Brown, and rushing into the house he
placed Franklin under arrest. At the
City Prison he was charged with an as
sault to do great bodily harm.
As soon as Franklin was taken away
Mrs. Parmentier became alarmed over the
condition of her daughter Louisa and siie
sent for Dr. Coleman. He worked over
the girl for two hours before he suc
ceeded in restoring her to consciousness.
Her body was a mass ot bruises, the re
sult of the beating she received.
Franklin , did not deny that he struck
the three women. "The key belonged to
me." he said, ''and I did not propose that
they should have it. As I started to leave
the house Mrs. Parmentier grabbed me
and demanded that I should give up the
key. She finally became so demonstrative
that I handed her one just for fun. Her
daughters then attacked me and I was
forced to put it all over them. I sup
pose they will keep me in prison for sev
eral days at least, which will prevent me
from going with the transport."
The police intend to place two additional
charges of battery against the prisoner
to-day.
•«j w^t ' ~jl£ V i '^^ p *V » J. ' %*Q G*t i£*l
?r>^ en Wfth l- ame Backs, REGAIN
jfiiS^StM^^^f^'^v I Pain in the Shoulders and F»otv^/?
>^^ ]M 9 Los> of Vigor and Youth- roUTH.
/mMZ To feel u° un ff a & aln >To realize the Jouous sparkle of nerye life as It
}^^^o^^^&^W^M////^^ Infuses the bodu with Its glowing vitality ; to feel the magnetic enthusiasm of
W^«^IKW^ \ uouthful energu; to be happu. llghthearted and full of Jouous Impulses; to
be free from snells of despondency from brain-wandering, from the dull,
stupid feeling ; to have confidence, self-esteem and the admiration of men and
women.' Such Is the wish of the broken-down man-and It mau be gratified.
i^v Nature has provided a means of regaining health and of curing all
W \!S^/^i^C JpJh\£%&± those effects of hard usage In past years. Nature has given me Electricity,
m\\ N^^^^lfei^^^^^^S anci afler twentu uears of stucil3 ! have P erfected an appliance for using Elec-
!|(|v \~~~^^^V\^^^^o , DR - Mclaughlin method.
M \\w^^^^^u2sa= W?&r^o^ Tfie & ran d» invigorating Electric current is given to the weakened nerves
*v Wvvf " J& *&g&&r and organs, and fills them with uouthfui energu. It makes old men young and
\« \\ v :/ yizr uoung men vigorous. It Is the essence of vital power, which awakens the dor-
V \\ "¦"" yr Insnt ener^^ es J Greates physical strength and elevates It to the highest standard.
\ y^^^^^^^^^lt*^ f/'*^.^ "Your Holt has cured me of lamo back."— F. L. MARTIN. Klamath, Cal.
I \jO^C^^ " ll cured my rh eumatism and restored my vitality."— L. H. BABCOCK. Wlnnemucca. Xev.
/ > FRFF RDOTT x want you to call if you can and test It free. If you can't call send for my
A fZZZ&ZZzZZy&Z&k \ . x xti-il-! u\j\ji^. book, which crfv.-s full Information, and Is worth $100 to any weak man. Sent
V /j\ ' free, closely sealed.
&)Ji&^'''''™"s^ My Electric Belt Is worn while you sleep. It Is unlike all othermppll-
r* WrLn • cations. I warrant It, on a bond of $5000, to give a strong current as soon as
i^fhar DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN,' it touches the body, to last one year without any expense for repalrs r -not to
nil? X* T T * v'u ' n°H r -« ! Kea T y ; *-?*''] ? un V ck bmn or blister, and to be stronger In power than any other Electric Belt on
y : s^ i^uG^iir earth. It has a perfect regulator and chamois-cushion electrodes.
Which : .
. . . / Restores • v ':¦
Weak
Meo . j
¦> : .. :M-
•I;;-, Known ... I { ¦
Only
' £? to the :-..| C;
Members
of Our :
... :':: ': ' Staff. • ! ;:
: : Other
PhysiciaQS
: Who ;C ! airr)
to Administer
Sarpe and Who Copy
Our Advertisements
: Are : Frauds.
' We do not use electric belts, in-
jurious dru?s or anything else of
a .dangerous nature.
We have made our reputation
by curing the most -asreravated
and chronic cases c: [lost man-
hood, ¦varicocele, private dis-
eases, etc
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN.
Consultation and advice free -at
office or by mail. "Guide ;to
Marriage," a valuable little bexjk.
sent sealed and free. Home cures
a specialty. • ¦':
We have been established more
than 19 years and have the lar-
gest institution for curinz men.
and the most extensive practice
in America.
OUR BANK DEPOSIT GUARANTEE
Patients may deposit the price of a
cure In any Pan Frai:c:!»co bank, to be
paid only after they are trell. or may
pay in monthly Installments. : Prices
reasonable. No other doctors will make
such an effer.
DR,MEYERS*CO.
Advice aad Consultation Free,
731 Market St., S. F.
HOURS— DaIIy. 9 to C: Evening* T to S:
Sundays, 9 to LL Elevator Entrance.
21
THEY WERE COMMISSIONED
PRINCES OF THE ORIENT
SAN DIEGO, March 31.— The people of
San Diego to-night tendered to the
officers of the French cruiser Protet
and of the United States training
ship Adams, now in the harbor, a
bounteous banquet at the Brewster Hotel,
which was quite international in its char
acter. The French cruiser, which has
been here for a week, has become- quite
Important for the time in the social life
of the city. She has received visitors each
afternoon of the week and hundreds have
taken advantage of . the opportunity of
examining one of the most modern of the
fhips of France. She is a beautiful ves
sel, built on line 3 of naval architecture
which are somtwhat different from those
of the United States and which do not im
press one at first sight. She is not tur
reted and carries her heaviest guns at
the side, amidships, the gun deck being
contracted fore and aft. so that the big
guns can be fired straight ahead or
straight astern.
The cruiser is of the second class, was
built at Bordeaux in I S SS and equipped
at Rochefort In IS9?. She is 331 feet long
carries thirty quick-fire guns, two tor
pedo tubes, four searchlights, two triple
expansion vertical engines, sixteen boilers
and has a speed of 20V& knots.
She Jame here from the south, having
been last at Santa Rosalia, the port on
the gulf fide of the peninsula, from which
the product of the big copper mines owned
by the Rothschild family is shipped. Her
officers are: Captain de Valnean Germl
net, commandant (commodore) of the
naval division of the Eastern Pacific; M.
Miron de TEspinay, captain of the frigate
and second officer; M. Colliard. lieutenant
and adjutant of the division: MM. Hue,
Escudler, Thelot, Labarre and Dove. lieu
tenants cf the vessel; M. Calmet. chief
engineer and engineer of the division; M.
Charet, commissary officer of the vessel
and of the division; M. Gauran, physician
of the vessel and of tho division; MM.
Martin, Guenet and Gerant, assistant en
gineers; MM. Aubon. Bouchard, Mon
guilot, de Monts de Savasse. Pascal.
De Peytes de Montcabrier and Bourgeois,
cadets of the first class.
It was not the original purpose of Cap
tain Germinet to call at this port, but he
heard that the plague had reached San
Francisco and came here to find out. Now
that he is here he proposes to remain as
long as his orders will permit.
Since coming here the French-speaking
people of the city have been planning for
the banquet of this evening to be ten
dered to the officers of the cruiser, and
when on Wednesday the training ship
Adams of the T'nlted States navy dropped
anchor In the harbor and fired a salute to
the commodore on board the French
cruiser it was determined to have the offi
cers of the Adams up to the banquet and
make it a sort of international affair.
The officers of the Adams are: Com
mander, W. Goodwin; lieutenant com
mander, W. F. Halsey; junior lieutenant.
S. V. Graham; navigator lieutenant, J. H.
Hetherir.g-ton; ensigns, !>. M. Overstreet,
T. A. Kearney. O. J. Murfin and D. A_
Mahoney; paymaster, J. C. Sullivan: chap
lain, J. B. Frazier, and surgeon, R. T.
Orvis. All of these officers, as well as
all of the officers of the cruiser, save
those who were on duty at the time and
could not get away, were on shore this
evening. They were met at the Santa Fe
wharf with carriages and were driven to
the hotel, where upward of a hundred of
the officials and citizens of San Diego had
gathered to greet them and participate
with them in the best banquet that the
proprietor of the hotel could set forth.
The banquet hall was decorated with
the red, white and blue of the two na
tions, and their flags were entwined at
either end of the banquet board. The
toasts were national only, nothing local,
as it was feared that something might
creep in which would prove of no Interest
to the guests of the evening. The Presi
dents of the two republics, France and
the United States, were toasted: also the
navies and armies of each, as well as the
officers of both. the visiting vessels, and
"the red. white and blue colors of both
nations, whose friendship should remain
as fervent forever as It Is to-day."
Those addresses which were made In
French were interpreted into English and
vice versa, by Eugene Daney and E. Ber
nard. They were all filled with praise
for the two countries and congratulations
at being able to be present at this even
ing's function. The last toast was not
finished until some time after midnight.
FRENCH CRUISER PROTET NOW AT SAN DIEGO.
NAVAL OFFICERS GUESTS
OF SAN DIEGO CITIZENS
— «
Reception and Banquet Tendered the Men From the
French Cruiser Protet and the United States
Training Ship Adams.
?
Special Dispatch to The CalL
COMMERCIAL MUSEUMS
WILL SHARE SAMPLES
Pacific Institution Votes to Withdraw
Its Request for an Appropriation
From Congress.
The executive committee of the Pacific
Commercial Museum conferred yesterday
with Director Wilson and Mr. Harper of
the Philadelphia Commercial Museum at
the office of Irving M. Scott. The out
come was the adoption of a resolution to
withdraw the request sent to the Cali
fornia Congressional delegation to secure
an appropriation of $50,000 for the Pacific
museum. This was brought about by the
statements of the Philadelphia museum's
representatives that pressing for an ap
propriation for San Francisco would de
stroy the chance that Philadelphia has
for an appropriation. Director Wilson
said that the Philadelphia museum is in
a position to readily duplicate a very
large part of its exhibits, and he pro
posed a system of co-operation, whereby
the Pacific museum would receive all the
information and dunlicate exhibits ob
tained by the Philadelphia museum in re
turn for information and duplicate sam
ples to bP collected hero. A meeting will be
held in the Chamber of Commerce rooms
next Tuesday afternoon to enable the
members of the promotion and finance
committees and all others who are inter
ested to hear Director Wilson and Mr
Harper concerning the benefits of the
Philadelphia museum. To-day, on invita
tion of President Sbarboro, the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association will
visit Astl. In addition to the association
there will be in the party Irving M. Scott,
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Isaac
Upham, Eugene Goodwin, Professor,
Plehn and R. P. Jennings. Next Monday
evening Messrs. Wilson and Harper w'll
attend the banquet of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association.
Secretary McCoy Will Speak.
"The Young Man and His Standard" Is
the subject of a practical talk to be given
by General Secretary McCoy at the Young
Men's Christian Association Hall, Mason
and Ellis streets, this afternoon at 3
o'clock. The service is for men only.
Good music.
PLACER MINING ON A
BIG SCALE IN ALASKA
Company Operating on I^atuya Bay
Will "Wash Out One Thousand
Tons of Sand a Day.
Benard Stahl of New York, who Is now
at the Palace, has come West to superin
tend the outfitting: of the annual expedi
tion of the Latuya Bay Gold Placer Min
ing Company, in which he is a very heavy
stockholder. The company owns claims
on Latuya Bay, Alaska, that cover twelve
square miles of the beach. The sand runs
only about $1 50 to the ton, but the oper
ations of the company are on such a large
scale that the profits are enormous. Three
years ago operations were commenced on
an extensive scale. Last year a steam
scoop-shovel, with all the latest improved
placer mining machinery, wan taken up,
and during the past winter has been put
in place. Mr. Stahl went up with the par
ty last year, the company having char
tered a steamer. He says that it will be.
possible to handle 1030 tons of sand a day
with their present plant at a comparative
ly small expense.
The Latuya Bay Company is a close cor
poration, and nearly all the stockholders
reside here. Mr. Stahl. who Is a big cigar
manufacturer, was formerly president of
the company. He 6ays that Just prior to
the outbreak of the Boer war an English
syndicate had inspected the Alaska prop
erty and were about to purchase it for
several million dollars, but when the war
broke out the deal was indefinitely post
poned. '
Banks Buy Smith Typewriters.
L. & M. Alexander, agents Smith Pre
mier Typewriter, recently received orders
from following- banks: Anglo-CaJifornian,
Arizona National, Alnsworth National,
Colusa County Bank. Cowlitz County
Bank, Dexter. Horton & Co.. First Na
tional, San Diego; First National, Oak
land; National. D. O. Mills; P. Sandoval
& Co.. Nevada Bank. Tuolumne County
Bank, Rldeout Bank. National of Pomona,
Bank of Antioch, Boise City National,
Bank of Eureka, Bank of Amador County,
Bank of San Mateo County, Bank of Wel
eer First National Bank; Snohomish;
First National Bank, Los Angeles; Wells-
Far go. •BAJA CALIFORNIA.!
Damiana Bitters
IS A CHEAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGOR \-
tor and Nervrne.
The n\pst wonderful aphrodisiac- and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs fur both aexea
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the kid-
neys and Bladder.- Sells on its own 'merits
NABER. ALFH A. BBUNE. Arcu»
323 Market St.. S: F.— (,S«nd for CircuUx.)-
CASH OB LIITLE-AT-A-XIME.
SPEHAL SALE THIS WEEK OF
Ir o n Red c- sin^ le » thre --
II UU UCU3 q!lafter and
double sizes, finishsd in white
enamel, with brass trimmings.
FROM .63.50 to 625.00
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
tOI7 ' 1023 MISSIOn STREET.
ABOVE SIXTH. - " - .
rioas SoiUi 11. ' ¦ • S»a rr»a;:«».
"three mornings In" In succession. The
mate reported the matter to Captain Shay.
The latter asked the men if they would
go to work, and receiving an answer in
the negative he ordered them all dis
charged at Santa Cruz. There is now a
scarcity of sailors on the coast, and the
men thought they could run the Coos Bay
to suit themselves. They were badly mis
taken.
The Mail steamer City of Sydney arrived
from Central American ports yesterday
with eleven cabin and seven steerage and
six Chinese passengers. Among tho for
mer was Jose Barillas and wife. Mr.
Barillas is tho nephew of the former Pres
ident of Guatemala.
The City of Sydney took to Panama the
American Isthmian Canal Commission,
composed of J. G. Walker, W. A. Burr.
P. C. Haines. E. R. Johnson, Alfred No
ble, W. N. Morrison, Samuel Pasco, O. H.
Ernst. W. H. Tousland and \V. K. Wet
more. Every man on the isthmus was
ready to aid the commission, and excur
sions from Panama to Colon were the or
der of the day. Tho general impression
in Colombo was that Cncle Sam would
favor the Panama, route in preference to
the Nlcaraguan.
Hind, Rolph & Co. are building a new
four-masted topsail schooner at Grays
Harbor, to be called the Kailua. She will
have a capacity of 900.000 feet of lumber,
and will be for the coast and Island trade.
Captain Hellqueat of the Defender will
command her.
The steamship China, from the Orient,
arrived in port about 5 o'clock last even
lncr and was Immediately ordered Into
quarantine. Tho cause of such action was
death and sickness on board, the circum
stances of which have not yet been deter
mined by the quarantine officials.
According to the report of Captain
Freile, a Chinese died under suppicious
circumstances a few days before the ves
sel reached this port. Another Mongolian
was taken sick shortly afterward. The
report stated that the cause of the death
had not yet been determined and that It Is
not known what the other Chinese is suf
fering from. •
The China was twenty-elpht days out
from Hongkong; seventeen days from
Tokahama, and five days and twenty
hours from Honolulu. At the latter port
she did not dock, but took on mall. The
vessel brought 57 cabin passengers, 129
Japanese and 200 Chinese.
HE USED A HATCHET
ON ROBLES' HEAD
Francisco Kavarras Forcible Way ol
Accepting an Invitation to
Take a Drink.
Frar.k Robles w&nt Into Puga'B saloon
tt Ercadway ar.d Powell street on Friday
r.ipht ard iEvlteJ all present to have a
crlr.k with him. Francisco Navarra, ln-
Etead cf conMally responding, grabbed a
hatchet and struck RoMes on the head
with it. lnC.ictir.jr a deep scalp wound. ¦
Navarra was arrested on a charee of
assault to murder, but when the case
was called In Judge Cabanlss' court yes
terday Robles refuted to swear to a com
plaint and said he did not know who
struck him.
Louis Oarreon. who was In the saloon
at the time, happened to be In court, and
at the suggestion of the Judge he swore
to the complaint and the cage was con
tinued till nrit Wednesday.
Hnlr falling out stopped Immediately.
I-ady Hair Phyeldans, room 430, Parrott
building. UFm *
¦ m •
Tsou-llsl, the Empress Dowager of Chl-
ra. Is a mysterious woman, sometimes
called an Agrlpplna, and styled by others
a Maria Theresa.
ADVERTISEIiIENTS.
Complete External and
||||||||||| Internal Treatment
3 %BP T?"' 1 I CoMUtfriJf ol CUTICCRA SOAP (2SO, to cleanse th»
Si gm»^H S sUn ol cruBtB and scales ttnd 8o(tCfl the thickened cutl-
Sj gHg^^pe^^^ttipgS cj ci CUTICURA OINTHENT (sOc). to Instantly «llay
SIS '^E^£<ilS^^2^'s2 SB Itching, irritation, and Inf [animation, ami soothe and
S!iw^^i*|fp*iS^E hca1 ' Bnd CUTICURA RESOLVENT (EOc.), to cool and
3 y. -, t ¦'^i*-^rti^tS^ & S clc»n»c the blood. A f Ingle set Is oiten bulflclent to cure
fi i ¦'•FJ* thC nlOSt torturln E' <J»«<'C urln ß ski ". scalp, and blood
Z 8 d&2BJ^*2^S^ X huracrs, raihrt, ltchlnjs. «nJ Irrltstlons, with los» ol
2 J Ntt^A^g^SfeS<riCM3 S bair. when the best physician* -ad ell other remedies
' ¦ v 2 loil - Sold throughout the world. F'OTTER DRt'O AND
| : l^£: v '*fjVd-'!^s^^ I CHEM. CO«P.. Sole Prop*.. Boston. "How to Cura
i ?'or- r >'-^S^' T ?'-5f r '^^*o'ai B * by nuzaon >" tee °'
MORNING STAR
IS NO LONGER
A GOSPEL SHIP
Missionary Barkentine to
Sail as a Trader to
Cape Nome.
Pacific twjHl Steamer China Arrives
From Asiatic Ports With. Sick
ness Aboard and Goes
Into Quarantine.
? '
Tha missionary 'barkentin© Morning Star
has changed hands once again. Had the
old state of affairs continued she would
now be fitting out for another cruise in
the Southern Seas with missionaries and
literature tending to spread the gospel of
Christ. Inetead ehe 1b being got ready to
carry gold hunters to Nome, and In the
future will take her place among the mer
chantmen of the Pacific Coast.
The Morning Star has run for many
years between the Islands of the south as
the harbinger of peace. Missionaries
have come and gone on her and on many
an Island her coming has been the occa
sion of the year. She always brought the
latest news from the outside world and
also luxuries that the natives were not
accustomed to. As a general rule the ves
sel would appear on the horizon with all
sail set. The cloud of Bmoke coming from
the hollow mainmast would show that the
auxiliary screw was adding to her speed,
and when the natives saw this all hands
would gather on the beach and a right
royal welcome would be given the gospel
ship.
>.ow, however, she is bound on a dif
ferent mission. The missionaries require
a larger vessel, and In consecruence the
Morning Star was put up for sale. Tho
highest bidder was Captain Sherman of
the Pacific Steam Whaling Company. Ha
lias a number of cl.iims located at Nome,
and wanting a vessel to carry himself and
partners to tho frozen north he pur
chased the Morning Star. The vessel was
already fixed up as a passenger carrier,
so it did not take long to get her ready
for the Nome trade.
In the meantime the Liebcses were look
ing for a vessel to carry the overflow ap
plicants from the Zealandia to Nome.
They made an offer to Captain Sherman
and yesterday he accepted it. The bark
entine has in consequence again changed
hands, but the gold fields will still be her
destination.
Captain Shay takes command of the
Eteamer Orizaba, and the Coos Bay will be
laid up for repairs. During the last trip
of the Coos Bay the deckhands quit the
ship at Santa Cruz and the officers had to
unload and load the ship. The trouble was
over the washing of the decks. The men
were called out at 6:30 a. m. by the mate
and refused to "turn to," as they had had
Trapper* ¦ OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
X»ru£clst*. soo flask, Richards & Co.. 408 Clay.
Flying Under False Colors.
A young man signing himself "Jack
Palmer" Is circulating a printed petition
In this city soliciting- aid on tho- ground
that ho 1b a deafmuto and wishes to study
art. He refers to the Mark Hopkins In-
Btltuto of Art' for confirmation of his
Ptory, Attention Is drawn to the fact
that the officials of the art Institute know
nothing whatsoever about this man, and
that his use of the Institute's name Is al
together unwarranted.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loanH on mortg?KeB or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
Special Offerings
in our
Drapery Department
Reversible Oriental portieres in a great
variety of designs in beautiful and artistic
colorings, 50 inches wide and three yards long,
with fringe on both ends
at #5.50 a pair
Smyrna Rugs
alike on both sides, in a large assortment of
patterns and a great variety of choice color-
ings; size 30x60 inches with both ends fringed,
* or $2.2,5 each
New Underwear
Our Stock of spring and summer underwear for ladies
and children is now complete. Vests are in all styles,
with or with«ut sleeves; combination suits in high or low
neck,equcstrienne tights in ankle or knee length.
We have them in different qualities of cotton, lisle, silk
and lisle, also pure silk; and the values are worthy cf
Just Opened — a New line of -
Men's Underwear
Maggioni #1.50 Kid gloves
A new shipment of the best $1.50 kid glove in the
world arrived this week, in all colors, for Easter.
139 Kearny St.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
RAILROAD FILLING
IN MISSION BAY
Southern Pacific Is Adding Many
Miles of Track to Its Switch
ing Facilities.
Mission Bay will soon be wiped off the
map of San Francisco. For some time
the bay waa used by the city scavengers
as a dumping: place for garbage, and
later the land created by this nlllnsr in
process was leased by the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company to a lumber com
pany.
Huntlngton, however, has now decided
to use a portion of the fllled-ln flat to ex
tend the switching facilities of the rail
road, which has outgrown the accommo
dations on the north side of Mission Chan
nel.
The Southern Pacific Company la filling
in the flat with the object or 'adding eight
miles of e-wltchlnes to its already exten
sive facilities In the section about Fourth
Btreet. A few years ago there- were but
two switch tracks on the east side of
Kentucky street, whereas at present the
whole section Is covered by rails, and yet
tho facilities are Insufficient to accommo
date the lncreasod traffic.
- By the fllline In of the railroad com
pany's portion of th« lot and the exten
sion of Sixteenth street, which Is being
done by the Potrero Land and Improve
ment Company, from Sixth street to Ken
tucky, the waters of the Mission Bay will
be forced out Into the broad ocean.
Trust
Your Oculist
Ana brins n« the order for *:»*¦••- They will'
txs mad» to suit htm an<J fit you- w "h th» new
clip don't silo— tilt— waver-^r pinch.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing FUcae, ila'.n ID.
642 Market St. i»stru«iit»
Printing, engraving, dle-slnklng. stamp-
Ing and embossing done In our stationery
department. Xew presses, fine papers and
everything- first class and at moderate
prices, Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
SECRETARIES WILL
ORGANIZE SHORTLY
An Association of Coast Commercial
"Workers Fostered oy the State
TJniv^rs'-tv.
Within the next week or so an organiza
tion will be formed of all the secretaries
of commercial and industrial bodies of
the Pacific Coast. The movement was
started by H. P. Woods, secretary of the
San Diego Chamber of Commerce, who
in letters to his brother secretaries stated
that an association should be formed so
as to draw them Jn closer touch with each
other. Also for the holding of annual
meetings at which notes could be com
pared and representatives of different
bodies get acquainted.
Mr. Woods suggested that as the Uni
versity of California had interested itself
In the Pacific commercial museum the
management of the State institution
would foster a secretaries' association.
The project has made a successful
start, for favorable replies have been re
ceived from the' secretaries of the Cham
bers of Commerce of San Francisco, Sac
ramento, Santa Barbara, Spokane, Salem,
Portland, Humboldt, Tacoma, San Jose,
Oakland. Riverside and other places.
The university also haa taken up the
matter and Professor C. Plehn has re
quested the following gentlemen to take
charge of the organizing of the associa
tion: E. Scott, San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce; J. K. Freud, Merchants'
Association; E. Goodwin, Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association: G. A. Dennl
son. State Hoard of Trade, and H. L.
Smith of the City Board of Trade.
jority of the lodges to invest the entire in
come in such stock. The Judge in his de
cision-reviewed the nature and character
of the trust and of the original decree de
fining the trust, and decided that the trust
was for the use and benefit of the order
in this city; that the order, as the bene
ficiary, was a unit, or one society, and as
such was the equitable owner in its col
lective capacity, and that a lodge has not
a right to any aliquot part or any separate
and distinct part of the income. The ma
jority of the lodges were entitled, the
court said, by directing the trustees in the
manner prescribed in the original decree,
to alter from time to time the disposition
of the income and to devote th© same to
any purpose of the order they saw fit.
This decision upholds the right of a ma
jority of the lodges to control the manage
ment and execution of the trust and the
Income of the trust property. The Judge
remarked in his opinion that the order
was not organized for profit, but for senti
ment and fraternity, and he did not con
sider that it was for the court to say that
it was not for the interest of the order
that the Income be Invested In the hall
association stock.
ODD FELLOWS
ARE GOVERNED
BY MAJORITY
Judge Seawell Decides the
Sam Brannan Trust
Clause Case.
Holds That the Order May Use the
Income From Mission-Street
Property to Pay Off
a Mortgage.
Judge Seawell has handed down an opin
ion in the case of David Hunter and oth
ers against Philo White et al.. In which
he practically decides that the income
from the property deeded the Odd Fel
lows of San Francisco by Sam Brannan
In 1552 may be used In such manner as the
majority of the lodges of the order In this
city may direct. The action decided yes
terday was brought to determine whether
or not the decree of the old Nineteenth
District Court, adjudging that the income
from the property in question shall be
equally divided among the various lodges,
is final, and whether the action in which
it is sought to turn the* income toward the
payment of the mortgage on the property
of the Odd Fellows' Hall Association can
be maintained. A demurrer to the Hunter
petition was overruled by Judge Seawell
yesterday, and the respondents were given
ten days to answer.
There has been quite a heated contro
versy among the Odd Fellows of this city
relative to the investment of the income
of the Mission street lot in the stock of
the Odd Fellows 1 Hall Association. The
lot. with Its improvements, Is estimated
to be worth $100,000. A convention of dele
gates from the different lodKes has been
held, and it was voted to direct the trus
tees to invest the income of the lot In the
stock of the Odd Fellows' Hall Associa
tion, and twenty of the lodges approved
its action. Ten lodges refused to approve
this action, however, claiming that each
lodpe has a distinct and separate right to
a share of the income, that It should re
ceive its share annually and that the In
come could not be diverted to any other
use or purpose. This matter. In order to
determine the rights of the order and of
the lodges, was taken Into court, and
Judge Seawell yesterday overruled the de
murrer to the petition of the twenty
lodges and sustained the right of a ma-
THE AUXILIARY BARKENTINE MORNING STAR.
SILKS.
...
We will have on sale this week an
elegant Yarietg of NEW FOULARD
SILKS, the Yerg latest designs and
colorings,
The widths of these Foulards are
24 and 27 Inches, and the prices are
85c, Sl— and S/— per
nard. We ask our customers to see
our window displan of these goods.
NOTE.
We will continue this week our
SPECIAL SALE of FINE ALL-
WOOL GOLDEN GATE BLANKETS
at 25 per cent less than present
mill prices,
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
'¦"¦¦¦ ' _ — ¦'¦•'•' l Ir^. O am I
j^Wfi^^jL And the cute conceit
V^^^^s^^^? jw, * which ice picture, oppo-
S^°' namely, that pretty
little suit in blue, with
<''/grigtlPfflS^yS& / \ ShOH nolch - cMar > f° r
/illwf## I \ liMe eha PS, which is the
mMW/^^-/j^ WW^W I \ swell idea; litlle jacket
$mMWmsy WA iV, \ braided ™ Uh br °"d Ut
m/yM'MW iM\ r, mff, f \ binding, trimmed just as
WwJmWm I inr^WW>^\ The little double-breasted
IW ffi liis\i r\ Hl' t '• • -"'WI W^n yest ' w hich is also a cute
twaJsTWiW 1 nS^R PQp / COnceit " lul ihe trousers
W/i WttM I ;^m c *tl Hi l|i^>»/ f rom a yer U Vretty rough
kM-^~^W//^ c «fV«\ MHI 0 fttv »^ blue twill clieviob, and
E»l^» 1 - Y^ Genuine
Wm^^mm I Mexican
%onKr' l Wlm^ Sombrero,
f (4 Xmnfjf/ fv Iwfflll I with Mexican lace trim -
HI W'(in'', /\ I i'l ilfl I ming, gives you about as
s% vJ[ t'i'/ II / v / pretty a combination, for
&fy \f i '! I \\ 1 111 j an faster costume for
Nj: hy\ 'r I 1 ('/ / your little chap as you
U> wl j'- I V j a would care to own; for
M ftl Si 1 I \ I f chaps between the ages of
\K ftll \ ll This little outfit ought
STEINWAY PMOS
USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
,P»eiflo Coiil Eapr«s*nt&tiT«s. ¦
* . *
f nil 1 /¦»¥"} r.o<?atea on Market
f: A - X **' r * Vl 'proxlinny to busi-
"" AND DeS * " ectlon « Otacos
'. -..AliU of amusement and
¦ r*t\ k iTf\ <s'Pob»: HC3 rooms.
iilc A Mil w!th baths »*-
. VlltillH/ tached. The largest
n£A fine-* hcctelj In .
I- IIATni Qihe irorld. Ain«rl-
ff II I Civ Jean'J can ' an<l -^^wP^aa
» • w "*^v;lan. - . • • • ,
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.on the Marblehead and taklnp part in
many engagements. He : was made a lieu
tcnan; commander after the war and in
IS&T. was. promoted to a captaincy. Other
promotions followed until he attained his
present dignified position. During the
war with Spain he was in command of
the Key West squadron. lie spent much
of his time at Key West supervising: the
forwarding of men and supplies to Cuba.
Rear Admiral .KempfC is also a' dis
tinguished olficer and succeeded Rear Ad
miral Watson in command at ' Mare
Island when the "latter was. sent to
Manila.
Among the other passengers on the
REAR ADMIRAL LOUIS KEMPFF
Maru were Captain Strong:. Chaplain
Reynolds and Lieutenants Victor Blue,
Belknap. Shipley and McLean. Lieu
tenant Belknap was accompanied by his
bride of. a. .day. they having been united
In marriage at Trinity Church on Friday.
Lectures by Father Yorke.
Religious exercises- of unusual solemnity
will be held in St. Peter's .Church during
Holy Week. In addition to these exer
cises and a3 an aid to the parishioners. In
preparing for their Easter duty a series
of sermons will be preached by Father
Yorke. Following is the order of ser
mons, with subjects to be considered:
Wednesday. "The Atonement'.';. Thursday.
"The' Real Presence": Friday. "The Pas
sion and Death of Our Lord"; Sunday.
"The Resurrection." HSfll
REAR ADMIRAL GEORGE C. REMEY.
the " Orient yesterday. Rear Admiral
Kempff will assume charge of the China
station.' The departure of two officials
so high in the service of the United States
navy marks a new era in the history of
the" Asiatic station. For the first timo
there will be practically two stations and
two admirals. This means the doubling
of the importance of the station and that
two officers will divide the responsibility.
Rear Admiral Remey will establish his
headquarters at Manila and will be nom
inally in command of all the fleet in
Asiatic waters, although Admiral Kempff
will act In a degree -independent of him
In matters of ordinary importance which
may occur on the China station.
Admiral Remey is a native of lowa and
has attained distinction in the navy. He
graduated from Annapolis in 1559. He was
a lieutenant during the Civil War, serving
Boyd of Stanford University cleared 11
ff-«?t in the pole vault in practice at i Palo
Alto, and A brilliant contest is expected
when the two clever young, athletes meet
three woeks hence in the intercollegiate
rleld day. Jt was evident Fomeuif: the
sprinters and jumpt-rs were not : at their
best yentetday. They were fo anxious to
show to pood advantage that they were
nervous and failed where they -win : suc
ceed, later on. •¦• •; ": .. \ ¦:
The pames yesterday: attracted a larpe
attendance, and the young: athl«?t«js i*tre
loudly aj>r>!auded ln:all thvir clever^ work.
The stands were w^ll filkd witlr fash
ionably attired womea. many of whom.
were stud^-nte at the University. The de
tailed results of the competition follow:
One hvjnflrod yard • dasK-r-Plrst heat won ¦by
Dram, scratch: Ilaker and Stanley, four yatii?"
<j«i(l heat for second. Time, ;10 2-S seconds.
heat— Won' by. Townsend, two yards;
Hf-rreJteV.ff. three yards, second, and Bishop.
i«Tateb. .third. iTiro".: : Iff 3-5 second.". Klnal
heat-^Won by W. P. Dryrn. pcratcri; Townsen<J.
tw*i yar<ls. second; Bishop, Eoratch. third, and
Hak»r, . four yards, fourth.- Time, :10 2-5 sec
onds.^ ¦: ¦ . : : . ;.!;¦.•¦¦¦ .
] Two hundred arvl twenty yard dash— Won by '
! Baker, eighty yards: T<)wn?»nii. six varjs. sec
f ond. anil Caiiosin, scratch. ttu.rd.' Time. :24 1-5
I PeconO*;
I Quarter-mil* 1 — Won by Powers, .35 yards;
I Bradley. 21. yards; >econd, and Drum; scratch. !
j- third. Time, :M 2-3 seconds. Drum's lime.. -51. i
Half-mile— Won by Robertson, 30 yards; Kus- |
t<>r. 30: yards, second, and Service, scratch.;
third. Time. 2;C2 3^5.
Mile run — Wun fry Moser. Gustafson second, '
Palley third, and Bqulrei fourth. Time, i':iZ. i
Mile Walk— Won -by De La?hmutt, 20 yards;
I Wa'.sh. ; scratch. F»cond. . and Allen 20 yards..
'third. Tim*-. 7:23 3-5. ¦ .
12(-yard hurdles— Won by Ben Rakewell,
scratch; . Powell, 10 yards, second. Time, :16
seconds.: • . : '
220-yajtJ hurfli'^-Won \>y Ben Bakewell, Pow
ell second and -Moulder third, Tirne, : 27 2-5.
16rpt/uhd hammer throw — Won by Alfred
j record 136 feet ? inches, held tor. Robert iEdgren;
1'uttln? Id-pound shot— Won by Plaw. DIs
• tance. 28 feet 9 inches.
Hole, vault — Won by ".•Jack" Hoffman. Height,
j 10 feet 10 2-3 inches. . ¦
High ; Jump— Won by "Jack." Huffman.
JJeight. 5 feet 9 3-5 inchf-s: Bakexvell and Pow.
*!1 a. tle ; at 5 feet S 3-5 inches. ¦ ¦
*jp? LFRED PLAW of the University of
' A California smashed all American
imercollf-piate record? for the six
tocn-pound hammer throw at the
m« '.r.zr held yesterday afternoon on
Berkeley oval. He .^-nt the missile 155
' • : 6 inches. The brst previous record
¦ua« UC feet :• inches, made by Robert Ed-
Fren four years apo. The American Inter
• kgiate-record i^ UJ feet Z inches, held
I y T. <:. McCraok<-n. University of Pt-nn
ryivanla. The championship of America
t.' ihe pastime was won last year by John
j. - traji. the master hand at the grome.
witn a throw of n,5 feet ii inches. He
holds the world's record at 167 feet 8
inches. Plaw is an apt pupil of "Tom"
Carrol], the professional; ar.d has not yet
jf ached his highest development.
TCext •'.• Flaw's ixrrformance the most
F'r.satio:.:! was the form displayed by
< '..: -azr. William P. Drum in the quarter
xrr.W run. ii» covered the first half of the
r.ey at the rate of a "quarter" In 43
i • • is. arc then faded away, finishing
fa litird place, all out, in 51 seconds. The
race vas a h..:.dicap. with four men on.
the t:..rty-"V< varrf mark, and Drum
• lone on scr*tcr. This proved iajudiciou*,
fes vtvsa four.d it djrncali to ciuse^upVso
prat agap, and In hli effort* to do so ran
l::ms«?lf t>. a *tai. >tUI.. . 11> iijlotted the
Btaru/btaueu ar. wa« too considerate
toward his ppponci a. \\ e , had;:previou.<iv
won a trial he£t Jn :he --hundred. " and
£lso the SnaJ In :o Z-Z aeoonda. He under
went too great a Etrala'.and fainted after
\r.c rjuarter mile. Hit iriends claim the
captaincy of the t.-am i< too tn-^at a. bur- :
den on him. as he-.:- co. ; faingj timir.S and
canne lor the ou.^-r whletea wh^n he
frhould b« restinp: or r>r<-^<-.'in^ }ii«r.s«»lf for
ootnpetltion. :
The young athlcteswho vi!l fty the b!^e :
end poid colors of the- t'r.lv. rj-itv of PaJi
fornla on Eastern paths i-.\\ acquitted.
ih<ms»"lves credJtaMy. Ben' BakeWEll
canlv accounted for th^ "]2>' and ••^Jr" ;
Jiur<j)«=-«=. running bo;li <!os»- to r»:-<v>rd
litn". Jack Hoffman <Ji-1 Ju.feet '.¦¦2~Z Jrict-j-^s
In the pole-vault. . clearing tV.- Ijar by
nearly a foot. •He also did S Uai 9 2-s
likcfaes In the hijrh jump. . Capta;.-. . Hugh
PAST PRESIDENTS OF
ORDER OF NATIVE SONS
Proposition for a High Degree to Be
Brought Before the Next
Grand Parlor.
At the meeting of the Past Presidents'
Association of the Native Sons of the
Golden West last niffht the committee on
accepting the tender of a ball In Orovllle
during the session of tho Grand Parlor
announced throuph Leonard Stone that
it was suggested that on the night of ar
rival in Oroville, after the reception by
the citizens, the I'ast Presidents have a
meeting and entertainment. The commit
tee was authorized to act without cost to
the association.
A. Uijcau of Alcatraz Parlor suggested
that it was- time that the nsspciationdid
something in the line of creating a higher
degree in the order, and moved the ap
pointment of a commitu-e of ?even to pre
pare'a ritual. .This was carried, and'
Percy V.- Lons, temporary chairman, an
nounced that the permanent chairman
would name that committee.
On motion of James O'Gara of Paoilic
Parlor the chair appointed James L. Oal
laghcr. 5. V. Costello. j. R. Knowlaml.
E. J: Hayden.'C. Mi Hunt and Percy V.
Long- a committee to bring the subject of
Counterfeiter Bradley Held.
Robert Bradley, the desperate counter
feiter captured -last Friday by Secret Ser
vice Agent Hazen and Operator Cronin,
¦was taken before United States Commis
sioner Heaeock yesterday morning for
preliminary examination. He waived ex
amination and was held for trial.
U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow and
United States District Judge de ¦ Haven,
•will hold a session next ". »or]day. morning
as a United States :Circuit Court of Ap
peals for the purpose of hearing ex-parte
motions and such othr >usiness as may
be brought before tfiet.
For His Son's Death.
Daniel "VV. McPherson filed suit yester
day against- the Glen Park Company to
recov£r'sSooo damages for the death of his
son, Albert J[. McPherson', who died De
cember '3, 1599. from injuries received Oc
tober l'by being thrown from a balloon
which came in contact with wires strung
in Glen 'Park. Decedent was employed by
the defendant company as an aeronaut
and the plaintiff claims his death was the
result of defendant's nepligence in fur
nishing him with a defective balloon, not
properly intiatejl or equipped.
Performance at Columbia To-Night.
The management of the Columbia Thea
ter nas decided to give a. regular per
formance this evening and "Willie Collier
in his new farce, "ilr. Smooth," will be
on hand. This will be the first Sunday
performance at, the Columbia Theater an«l
It is being givtn In artwwer to numerous
requests for the same, as many admirers
of the comedian have found It impossible
to attend the performances Riven on other
niprbts.. The second ar.d lasi week of his
engagement beptns Monday night. Col
lier is to be, fallowed by William 11.
"West's bis minstrel juMlee, which prom
ises to be as bis a winner as the present
entertaining attraction.
Bone ebony, old Flemish. Japanese gray.
carbon ajid old Dutch oaks in new shapes
for picture frames. Thousanda of ple-
turea framed and unframed on exhibition
at our store. Visitors always welcome.
Sanborn, Vail & C 0... 741 Market street. •
SECRET DETAIL
OF OFFICERS TO
PROTECT BANKS
Policemen From California
street Station Watcli
: ['\"' ¦; -i for Robbers. ;
Repetition of Hecent Attempts to.Se*
. cure Contents of Treasure :
';. {\ ;i Vaults Is Looked For and"
Guarded Against.
' » :—: — -'
Much alarm has b«n felt in police cir
cles owing: to the recent attempts to break
into the vaults of two banks in this city.
It Ls believed the work was done by
Eastern crooks who came to the coast' for
the purpose of making a baiil. and it is
thought; from the boldness of their opera
tions, that they will continue their efforts
when opportunity presents itself
Last nieht for the first- lime in the hisr
tory of -this city a large secret detail of
offi-c-ers was .dispatched from the Califor
nia-strtvt police station to guard th<vdis"
trict in which the banking institutions- are
located. Six ¦ extra ofllcers have been
chosen for each watch, and the first de
tail weat on. duty at 6 o'clock last nieht.
The second took, up the yicril at midnight-
It is proposed to keep the extra detail
on-duty : f6r some time. The officers -have
a. district .alloted to them, and no other
duty will be expected of them' except to
prevent a possible bank burglary.
MANY HEALTH INSPECTORS
INVADE LATIN QUARTER
Cubic-Air Xa-wr Is Being Violated in
"'Little Italy"— Unwholesome
L Meat Condemned. >;^
The I^atin quarter was invaded yester
day by sixteen health inspectors, twelve
physicians and ten policemen, who report
the district to-, be in a filthy condition.
They found that the cubic-air law was be-
Inp violated in several -houses, families of
eight and ten persons occupying one
room. Health Officer O'Brien says many
of the buildings, in "Little Italy" will be
fumigated and. other houses torn down.
. Veterinary 0 Rourke and Inspector Jor
dan yesterday condemned the carcasses
of a cqw weighing 450 pounds and four
hogs at the Sau?allfo ferry. The cow waa
full of tuberculosis and the hoes were
badly- decayed. They were consigned to
See Hop Wing, a Chinatown butcher, by
B. .L. Golddecker of Torhales, The meat
was saturated" with ket-osene and sent to
the fertilizing works.-
ESTIMATE FOR SCHOOL
EXPENSES IS FILED
The Board of Education yesterday fil^tj;
•with the Supervisors a report of.the es-tl-!.
Tested expenses :neceesary to conduct the
**-;.>o<,l Dejparunent for the year, ending
-Urn? 20. lnul.' According' to . ttoe charter
there will be available the sum. of. \\s£u}ffy,
out of which will be paid the salaries of
teacbers. Directors. Superintendent and
his four deputies and the office force.
tmour.ting to 11.<W7.#. 1 0. The charter gives
the board $22 li- for each, pupil who in tie
fiscal year pr*-ce<3sn«c actuajlv attended
the schools, ax 48,009. \ ¦
-The general expense* of the department
are estimated a.t JI2B.ISQ. The lighting .of
public builiJirgs, t.ht? appointment .-of jant
tors and repairs' cf schools, are under the
control of the-Uoard of Public Works arid
are rated respectively- at. $Wioo." J50.(K)0 arid
M9/M9, and wiJl be p*ud :out of the funds
of thA.t toard-v.-.V-.CvV. ':'- :: . ¦:' . ¦• .-. : •.
The follo'wiaJßr -nesc/'schbol buildijips are
.noo**sar>"- to'.- acoo-mnjodate-the." pupils .of
prowine-, district?:::: i^e"' •Valh?y.';sCo.oW;
Sunryside. 147.:/";; IJrrtrerot,- J35.(«(>D;. Man
m*. jr^.<m: ;^.T;.^J:*;*;7.:v«K: .••',•¦-;...- •
•: Th»'Tcr>i6rt;.< l f. v th<;Hoar(J %>t Public Works
c rrj:ar<3!i)-g ui^t-irj rr pairs follows: ¦.'¦. ::
JVrnal, :*\M ; ; : : : ¦Vx-.-i'lyfivJ,.. IJ'COf. Baena-' VUU,
r:M.'; •"•irneif.. .r^'.lClf-iripnt.-JICiO: Cleveland.
»IJfi; .-«;.>".i^r..\ .¦¦»:':.'«¦•:¦.• «JV>!unlbisu,- J123.-- Crocker.
¦ »«e>3^;;-;T>^i^>n-; 'tlfflr; •. Emerson. Kni;
V.- »•-• • vi.. .-tii" ;. "¦¦ Kairrrrount. ¦ t-CJi; : Pranklin.
S49SC • ¦.'¦.; •r>-;ri<;.m; • Jir^:' <iarfl«ld. J10.?35>; OlrJs*
•.jltph.r :>- ; iJKM^nI-naKf. JJIS-4; Grant. tl»i€7
: HaljrW^tfi:t^7;.':Harniiton. 13<>J: Hsncoek. 1 Pto'
J!a:r. ¦.:!;;(;;. triL.ivth'irr.'-. H2'.C; Ileart-t. fc'6o:
I>urar/-r. .i> -V; -Horar-* Minn. tsa-S.-: Huaiboldt,
f.Yy. :'v.:-:_-.--.j<T!.i; irvinK ficott. J«10; Jacks in
:VB\ las&k I.i. k. lUSS: 1> Conte. f*:'. Lincoln.
tZIW-. L*,nrt^liow. • J1G0:- Lowtn HiRh.ST.ISS
SI»«I6"n.- tTJi'*: Marshall. -tZO: ¦ M-»slon Gram
ir.ar. HWi; MiiwJop Ulrtv . f lV): Moniw, |jo-
Moulder. 12338': Stac V*ll«-. »40; Ocran. House
JJ2t>; r&i>i.V.JMsMs, Jlii".: I?*rk. SlOSOi: P^a
t<^3>". JIS3J; Polytechnic H3gh. TXZI; K^4<linß,
fSfti; Kicr.riOTid. J0O0; Rincon.- JJjOVgheridtfn.
$:&¦.: Sh^nrsun. JTTj; South' Knd. M»0: Syrinfc
Valley. *4«*: Stanrord. ti'*?: «tarr KJn«r. JS^i-
Funcj-Fide, to-; Kußayyal*. $T&; .t^ntro, J1S»;
Washington. V.Z; Wesl End. tW): Webster, new
huildlne: WhUtler. SilSO: AVJnfl#>l<l Scott," 55150:
•r m. total of J1T3.27J » for repair*, i
TWO ADMIRALS LEAVE
FOR ASIATIC WATERS
DEATH CLAIMS THE
WIFE OF B. ETTLINGER
A telegram was received here yesterday
from B. Kttlingtr of the tirm of Eppinser
& Co. announcing the death of Mrs. Ett
linger in New York. Mr. and Mrs. Kttlin
per, with one of their daughters, left San
Francisco three weeks ago to visit friend*
.in Chicago and New York. While in the
latter city Mrs. Ettlinger contracted a se
vere cold, which terminated in la grippe,
causing: her death.
Mr. Ettlinger and daughter -will leav»
Xew York Sunday with the remains for
San Francisco. The receipt of the news
of their bereavement was a shock, to their
wide circle of friends in this city.
Butted His Head in a Cell.
Richard Aldrtdse. a "dope" fiend, ar
rested a few day? ago- on a charge of bur
jrlarv. became desperate yesterday raorn
iher because he could not pet opium and
butted hi? head against the bars of his
cell in the City Prison. lie was discov
ered by Corporal Parrott and sent to the
Receiving Hospital, where his case was?
diagnosed as hysteria. He was taken
back to the prison. ...
KILLED BY A
WAGON WHILE
BOARDING CAR
Driver Rapidly Leaves the
Scene, but Later Is
Captured. ;
Alphonse Zuckerman, Employed in a
Wholesale Xiquor House, Loses
His Life While On His
"Way Borne.
Alphonse Zuckerman, an employe of
Wilmerding-Loewe Company, was struck
and killed by a wagon driven by James
O'Connor of the People's Express Com
pany, on Market street, near First, last
evening. The man's skull is* believed to
have been fractured and he died, In an
ambulance while being conveyed to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital.
According to eye-witnesses Zuckerman
was in the act of boarding a streetcar
when he lost his life. He had left the
store where he is employed in company
with two ¦ companions, intending to ride to
his homei He waited on a corner until a
Hayes-street car approached and then
started to board It.
Abe Eisner and Benjamin Rosenberg,
who .were with Zuckerman. got aboard all
right, but Zuckermah was struck down by
the wagon which came from the opposite
direction.
Immediately after the accident O'Con
nor whipped up his team and drove to the
office of- the express company, at Third
and Market streets. He was. followed
there by Police Officers Beamer and Cal
lahan of the tionthern station and placed
under arrest. At the City Prison he was
charged with manslaughter. ¦ •
O'Connor in his statement to the police
said that Zuckerman was struck by one
of the stanchions of the car while trying
to board it. the force of the blow knock
ing him under the wheels of -the express
wagon. • O'Connor says he endeavored to
pull up his team In the hope of saving
Zuckerman's life. but. was too late.
He became so rattled, he declares,
after learning that the unfortunate
man was fatally injured that he quickly
drove to the office of the express com
pany, as he was anxious to consult with
his employers about the accident.
ELECTRIC CARS IN COLLISION.
Passengers in a "Party" Car Shaken
Up and Frightened.
Nearly two score of people had a narrow
escape from death last night through a col
lision between two electric cars on Devisa
dero street, near O'Farrell. As it' was
the passengers were badly shaken up .and
frightened and at least one of. them suf
fered numerous brulsrs.
' The. collision was flue to the usual mis-
a higher degree of the order before the
next session of the Grand Parlor.
•j- ne secretary was instructed to -notify
the executive 'officers of the displeasure
of the members for absenting themselves
from the meeting.
understanding between motormen. A
••party" car tilled with young people had
turned Into Devisadero street from O'Far
rell when it was struck by a car moving
north on D'evlsadero street. The seats and
side of the "party" car were stove in and
the Devisadero-street car was derailed
and considerably damaged.
The passengers scrambled from th«
wreck and waited patiently while the cars
were placed in temporary order. It be
came necessary to use three cars to pull
the Devisadero-street car back on tho
track, and it was drasged to the car houso
after considerable trouble. The "party"
car was also st:it to the car house.
That only one person was Injured was a
miracle. The. only man hurt in the colli
sion was taken to Loehr"s drug store and
later sent to his home.
<7^P REMINDER of the days of
/I yy plenty (Californians 10-ve to cling
ji U to the traditions of old) and the
Thornton stake, decided at Oak
land yesterday, drew a great concourse
of people. It awakened reveries .of a
period when True Blue, Hock Hocking
and Thad Stevens were ' tatked-about
heroes of the turf, and aged and gray
veterans of a decade ago were present to
see what horseflesh of the present time
could do. From a spectacular standpoint
the race was a disappointment, for Bar
ney Schreiber's sturdy horse Forte won
in a walk. But before the result it was
different. Everything starting in the
event was conceded a chance. Strong tips
permeated the atmosphere on Twinkler,
Weller and Potente. under the force of
which play the bookies lengthened the
price on Forte from 6 to 5 to 9 to 5. The
backers of the favorite were never un
easy, for after Henry, who rode Forte.
had restrained his mount for three miles,
while Twinkler and Ladaea cut out the
pace he let out his wraps. Forte then
took the front position, winning eased up
to a walk in 7:22%. Twinkler responded
Vast Concourse of People Witness the Test of Endurance on ths California Jockey Club's Track
pamely to Shaw's call, leading out Weller ,
a nec-K for second place. Piggott took '
Potcnte so far out of the running that
he was never a factor in the race.
After plodding aloriff three and a half
miles Ladaea was pulled up, being com- :
pletely exhausted.
The winner was paraded in front of the
stand wearing a horseshoe wreath of
flowers, while his owner. Barney Schrel- '
her, received the congratulations o? his !
many friends.
Five out of six favorites won — Mv
Gypsy, Sofala. Headwater. Forte and !
Horton— the books receiving a frightful
drubbing.
Burns & Wnterhouse took th« openiner
mile run with the diminutive filly My
Gypsy. She went to the post a 5 to 2 1
favorite, an<i. overtaking Henry on Pres- |
tome, In the run home, won, riddon out, i
from the Magrane entry by a nrck. Sor- i
row finished a fair third.
Barney Schreiber's crack filly Sofala ¦
made a show of her field in the four and
¦ half furlong scramble. She picked up
123 pounds and. a 7 to 10 choice, won in a. •
big gallop. Impromptu, a son of Cres- i
cendo, from the stable of J. Naglee Burk.
stood a Inns:, hard drive, taking the place
from Comnermere.
Headwater closed favorite over Sly for |
. the six furlon? run. winning by a narrow
1 margin. Ross, on the last named sprint
| er, evidently supposed he had the race
i up his sleeve, when Buchanan, astride the
' favorite, came with a rush, scoring by a
i head. Mountebank, at 30 to 1, came to
life. fin!«hing third.
Flamora was made fa\*orite for the mile
and a furlongr nandlrap. and ran third.
' After racing out in the lead with Gaunt
' let the filly cracked. Malay, well ridden
j by Eddie Ross, then disposed of Don Luis
! quite handily at the wire.
The final mile ami a sixteenth run went
to the favorite. Horton, ridden by Bas
singer. The chestnut -was reported as
"the groods." and downed Uarda with
ease, with Storm Kinp*a close third.
Track Note.
"William B. Godfrey, who for years has
been an employe In the office of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club, passed away at his
residence in this city on Saturday morn
inp. from a. complication of diseases.
¦"billy." as he was affectionately termed
by horsemen, b^th in this State a3 well as
on the other side of the Rookie*, had a.
host of friends, and his early demise la
regretted by all.
Alfred Plaw of the University of California Sends the Sixteen-
Pound Missile Twenty Feet Farther Than It Has Ever
Been Thrown on This Coast.
BREAKS THE AMERICAN COLLEGE
RECORD FOR THE HAMMER THROW
Held Under Restraint for Three Miles by Jockey Milt Henry, He
Then Drew Away and Won in a Common Canter— Twin kler
Was Second and Weller Third.
WILL FIGHT
TO GET HER
LITTLE BOY
There'll Be No Wedding
Bells for Col. Mareeau
and Mrs. Fennell.
Ex-Husband Deceived .3er — Not a
Spark of Affection Left for
. the Man Who Wears
a "Wig.
¦ ?
LOS ANGELES, March 31.-There will
be no reconciliation In the Mareeau fam
ily. Mrs. Fennell and the debonnair col
onel have met and the result of their in
terview does not point toward, a reunion.
It is a case of /ight now— "tight to the
death for the boy," as Mrs. Fennell has
it. That the wedding bells will not ring
oyt does not seem to 'trouble- Theo Jr.'s
mother. There was never much love
mixed up in the mother's version of the
reunion.
It was always the child— "the child
brought us together." Mareeau has no
longer any place in the heart of the
woman who is the mother of his child;
and slie calmly states that she can't love
a man "who has only a fringe of hair and
wears a wig." Till pushed to the wall
Mareeau protested his love for Mrs. Fen
nel and his desire to call her again wife.
This the' mother believed until her. at
tention was drawn to a want advertise
ment in the Herald calling for a hand
some young woman to take charge of a
five-year-old boy and to travel with him
abroad. In the face of such evidence Mrs.
Fennell is forced to believe the bewigged
colonel fair and false, 'and places no lur
ther faiih In all hi* protestations.
Mrs. .Fenneil is at the Van Nuys, and
with her is her son, Allen Fiske. the maid,
Martha Frenzel; and her baby, Theodore
Jr. Mrs. Fennell's boy was returned to
her yesterday morning after breakfast by
the maid from the Hollenbt-ck. where he
had been with Colonel Mareeau in room
134. When the maid met Mrs. Mareeau
at the depot she was not accompanied by
the child. She. asked Mrs. Mareeau to go
to the hotel, informing her mistress that
the colonel was in bed at the Hollenbeek
and expected her to come there and greet
him and the boy.
"Yon may Bay to the colonel that if he
wishes to greet me as his wife 1 am regis
tered at the Van Nuys." Mrs. Mant-au
said to her maid; "and that I expect my
b.oy to come to me as soon as possible
after breakfast."
Mrs. Mareeau has had three Interviews
with the colonel, the last extending from
8 until midnight last night, but never did
he broach tho subject of a reconciliation.
Mrs. Fennell is not ca^t down now that
she knows Colonel Marceau will never
again call her wife. She had looked fa
vorably upon a reunion on account of the
child, but now she proposes to take legal
steps to gain full possession of her boy.
'It I want to remarry," she ssid, "I
don't need to wait for Colonel Mareeau.
There are two men anxiously waiting for
me to make them happy, but I rim not
thinking of marriage now. To lose Colo
nel Mareeau will not break my heart. He
is illiterate, never went to school but a
year and h half ar.d is made out of dark
blue mud."
While Mrs. Fennell is taking the pre
liminary steps to battle for the possession
of her child she is managing to enjoy
herself, and has renewed many old ac
quaintances made in formf-r years. Her
boy la ever by her side and she does not
propose to let him out of her sight.
FOUR-MILE STAKE RACE ONLY A
GALLOP FOR SCHREIBER'S FORTE
•w=sv' EAR ADMIRAL GEORGE C.
. H 7) REMEV, who goes to relieve Rear
JCv Admiral "Watson of the command
<r va of the Asiatic station, and Rear
Admiral Kempff. who will be his second
in command, were passengers on the
steamer Hongkong Maru, which sailed for
! Pages 23 to 32 1
SAX FRAXCISCO, SIJXDAY, APRLL 1, 1900.
I Paps 23 to 32 1IOS-*. SIXTH RACE— One mlla and a sixteenth; selling; four-rear-olds and up; purse. J4CO
Time-l-«. :06H; 6-16; :304: 9-15. 55H; 13:16, 1:21H: mile, ¦ 1:41*1; 1 l-16ni. 1:47y — Good gtart"
Won first three drivinx. Winner. E. F. Smith's eh. c by El Rayo-Fu*illade'» T^it
Horton pounds the best at the price. Storm Xln ff ran eamely. Snips should^ have t£en
closer up. Flamero and Cestake also ran. Scratched— Perseus 107» ilexry Boy lff£
RAUWAT'S EKAOY RyilKv fc " "
u^rtv^ed before U» pubUc for SO tS7,
Pain Remedy. It la»UaUr r«Ueve, *MauJckly
c Uf ? »HCol<U. Sor. Throat*, laa JSi fcSJ
Headache. Tootl»*ci» aad all palu. laSraifW
t« lUlaxla »od »v Bow«i PaSTAU SSSSu^
dviarr OR. JORDAN'S a«t»T
Museum of anatomy
\ C The Larre^t Aaatosical Mimm m the
0 -*ai ji^ Wond. \»cnaf'«ti sr any contracted
1 flS^I 03. JOROAH-MIYATE DISEASES
f Wiraa Co?«ilt»bon tn* and jtrlctly priTia;
I I AT^ IB "SK" peraoMtly rr by \ttlet. A
I W vl ¦ ft^ttma CW«la ntryovaamdcrtalicn..
' 1 H~ ¦A*t«lACiK. MAIUO VXXB. <A
R (I nlmjie book for nraj '
' DB iORDAJf A CO.. KOI Market St. . S. r.
Time— X. ::<*i: H. '-W' K. I:MJ4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, H' iZ
Jones * Co.'a br. g.. by Imp. Watercress-Headflower. As the race was run Ely should have
scored. Ross rrew overconfident. Mountebank at the price was awakened. Clonallla a won
der. Scratched— Strontrol! 107. Esplrando 110. Loul- B. MeWhirter 99.
10-1. THIRD RACE— Sir furlonjs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Re^rcar.ia i<< to have three new railway
lines constructed at a c^st of J16,546.0i)Q.
exclusive q* rollJr.g stock.
Concert in the Park.
The Golden Gate Park band will render
the following programme to-day at the
park, commencing at 2 p. m., ¦weather per
mitting:
"Concert Overture" Kallawnda
Selections from the "Plnelns 01r1"..V. Herbert
Intermezzo from "•Friend Fritz" Masonrnl
"Pans un Reve" Camomile
Solo fcr oboe. Mr. C. Dlcknian.
Fantasia from ¦•L'Afrlcalne", ..Meyerbeer
"XZn Concert Sous BoIp" May»
Trombone eolo, '"The Holy City" Adams
L. KICtX.
Hymn, march and dance from "Alda"....Vertll
rescript ive. "In a Clock Store" Orth
"The ratrol of th« OregronJan" I*. A. Stone
YACHTSMEN PREPARING
FOR SEASON'S OPENING
Trim Pleasure Craft Will Soon Be
Ready to Plow the Raging
S. A. Hackett and Charles L. Taylor Jr.,
the regratta committee ct the Oakland
Canoe Club, have prepared tha sailing
programme for the season. On the 14th
inst.. the members will cruise oyier to
Sausalito to be present at the opening
gayeties of the San Francisco Yacht Club,
and will return next day to Sessions
Basin. April Cl and 22 the fleet ¦will cruise
on Oakland Creek, and on April 2S will
sail to Tiburon to take part in the open
ing of the Corinthian Yacht Club. On
May l there will be a race for the sloop
yachts of the club over the triangular
course on the estuary. May 12 will be the
official opening day of the season. Sev
eral other races and cruises are laid down
on the programme, the season closing Oc
tober 2s.
Work is progressing- rapidly on the ad
ditions to the Corinthian Yacht Club
house at Tiburon, the framework and roof
being already finished. The enlarged
quarters will be ready for use shortly be
fore opening day.
The clubhouse will b« furnished with
electric lights, the power being supplied
by the California Northwestern Railway.
The eloop Nixie has been copper-painted
and has come off the ways at Tiburon,
where she has been reposing: under a can
vas cover since the close of last season.
The sloop Emma takes her place. The
flagship May has been taken of! the ways,
and the sloop Aeolus is now on.
Commodore W. N. McCarthy of the San
Francisco Yacht Club intends to cruise to
Santa Catalina this season and has made
many changes in the trim of his schooner
Ramona. lie has shortened her bowsprit
three feet and has brought the second jib
in six feet. This will make her less likely
to i>ay off in a squall and will make her
more easy to handle. The sloop Twilight,
¦which was chartered a season or two ago
by Arthur Naylor of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, has been chartered for this
season to two young men and will sail
under San F"ranclsco colors. "Ex-Vice
Commodore G. T. S. White takes up his
residence in Saueallto to-day for the sum
mer. He is accompanied by Harold Bur
nett, who was elected a member of the
San Francisco at the la^t meeting of the
directors. Ex-Commodore T. L. Hill's
sloop Cyjrnus. which has been moored
during the winter at Escalle, came out of
the Corte Madera Creek last Sunday and
is at her Sausalito moorings. Harry Dot
and George Kollansbee have chartered C.
Chltter.den's yawl Phyllis.
The members of California Yacht Club
are actively engaged in putting their craft
in order for the coming season. The boat
house and its neighborhood presented a
busy scene last Sunday, ex-Commodore A.
M. Clay, R. L. Eame?, J. Laughland and
several other owners putting a day's work
upon their boats. The sloops Pactolus,
Royal and Secret will all have new suits
of pails from the East. The Royal is be
ing lengthened; the sloop Embla is having
a eTeat deal of Interior ¦work done, and
the yawl Gypsy will receive a new center
board.
The schooner Bonita. built by Matthew
Turner -of Henicla. sailed on Wednesday
for Unalaska, whence she will proceed to
Cape Nome. Her passengers are four
young mfti, of whom George Genereaux is
managing ownor and navigator. He is a
mate and Gregory M. Goodale, another of
the four, has passed the examination for
second mate. She is a fourteen-tonner
and Is said to be the smallest of the craft
bound for Nome.
BIG EVENTS IN THE WORLD OF SPORTS RACING COURSING FISHING ATHLETICS GOLFING YACHTING
FITZSIMOIS
THE BEST MAN
HE HAS FOUGHT
Champion Jeffries' Opinion
P' Lanky Bob's " Fight
ing Qualities.
Ie Would Bather Tackle Ten
rkeys aad a Dozen. Corbetts
Than to Again Meet the
Australian.
CHICAGO. ./March SH— — They are all
efrald cf Fitzslmmons. and. to tell the
truth. I would rather fight ten Eharkeys.
a dozen Corbetts and all the McCoys you
could brisg before me than fight Fitz-
t :::-.::•. ¦:::»• &£a!n."
ThJa •wsls tho assertion made to-day by
Champlon James J. Jerries. The cham
pion arrived In Chicago to-day from Kan
sas City. Jeffries »as asked what he
Thought was the treble with FKrsim
nions and vhy the Curnlshman could not
get on *ny matches that £ould be made to
stick. This is Jefffiey idea of the sltua
"McCoy knbw-s in his heart that he can
not beat KltxslraincMis. Sharkey would as
t=oon be dxoyped ints a bear pit. 1 will
not say about liuhljn; but 1 guess the big
fellow would take a chance, for he has
r.over felt th-e migHt -of that freckled tist
of Bob's. 1 . am satisfied none of them
care a bit about Fiizslmmons' game. They
don't think they canbtat him and have
a fear that he may wind them up in a
hurry, as he can do.
••Kitxsimmons is one- of the greatest
Judges oi distance 1 ever heard of. He
can pet away from a r>u nc h by the nar
rowest margin, always keeping himself In
. ¦ :.jr rar.K*>; and. t*e^t of all. can hit
'tott: almost any position. 1 must take off
rr.y hat to him. lie Is far and away the
beet nan 1 ever Zousht- You may have
h.urd that before from a victorious man,
but I mt-an It la this case and 1 aa not
head over het-bs ir. love with Fit! person-
Ally at that."
FAST HARES AND
FLEET DOGS AT
INGLESIDE PARK
First Round of the Open Stake
Shows Some Excellent
Courses.
Betting Is Brisk During- the Entlro
Day on Account of Close
Odds — Some I>ong
Shots.
Fast hares and good courslr.ff chnrac
terized the sport at Ingleside faxlc
yesterday afternoon. The betting wa=J
brisk at all times, due to the close odi!«
offered. A few lons shots pleased the
"plker^" especially Young Flrenzi. which
won from Vandal . the 3 to 1 favorite.
Olympus, a short-ender, at the sama
odds, won from Old Glory. Delia M and
Nighttime beat Daisy Clair and Law
rence. 2 to 1 favorites. The first round
of the open stakt- was run down and re
sulted aa follows:
Russell. Allen & WUaoß'a Miss Penman tx>a:
J. Kennedy's \\ lne Wett; M. J. Kflly'a Night
Time boat H. A. Be Oman's Lawrence- j.
Mahoney's Nellie O be;,t Farley Bros.' Uiv
t^rious Billy; A. T. Leonard's M&yflowrr beat
E. D. Fallon's Lily of the West; E. M. Kel
logg's Sweet Emma beat J McNeil's Blac-c
Hawk; R. Attridge's MasterDiece beat I>.
Toland's Twilight; Kay Bros.' Hawker beat
H. G. Nichols" May Herschel; F. McCornbs
Walt a Bit beat T. Uutler s Pusle: J. Ken
neJy's Ever Shore beat Cnnnell Bros." Ltnc
Hoy; J. H. Pertgo's Controller beat E. Bau
melster's Warrior; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker
beat J. P. Thriit's Fortcet; A. T. Leonard' a
Master Lawrence beat Joe Perry's Commodore
Nash; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair
beat H. Lyons' Pick L; Russell. Allen & Wil
gon's Palmfiower beat E. M. Kellogz'* lowa
Maid: F. McC.omb's Motto b«at J. Watkins'
Merciful; Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara beat W.
11. Shear's Liberty Bell; J. I. O'Brien's States
man beat J. O'Farrell's Black Marquis: E. M.
Kpllork's lowa I?oy beat Lowe & Thompson's
Bagpipe; It. E. de B. Lopez's Soft Go.jJs beat
T. J. Cronin's Maid of Bail; M. Mlchalek a
Glen Roy beat Joe Thrift's St. Michael; J. L
O'Brien's Pasha Queen beat J. Hayes' Mllli*
H; J H W Muller's Mrxrorito beat T>. Hoop
er's Morse Patrol: A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat
Oonnell Bros.' Sweep: R. E. da B. Lope»'»
Minnie Wa Wa beat J. P: Thriftt's Tired Out;
J. Byrnes' Olympu» Leat M. Micfcalek's OM
Glory: H. A. Pf*.kelman's Flyaway beat P.
Morgan's Lucret'a Borgia: E. M. Kellogg' «
Ben.'s Babe beat H. Lyons' Moloch: J. R.
Smith's Victor r>-at E. M. Kellog^'s lowa G:r'. ;
J. R. Smith's Vic:or Queen beat J. I. O'Brien*
Wandering: Tom; F. C. Mack's Delia M beat
Russell. Allen. & Wilson's Daisy Clair: ¦J.
O'Shea's Young Kirenzt beat T. J. Crooin'»
Vandal; J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat E. D.
McCormack's Valley Forge: D. Toland's Pleas
ant Girl beat W. N. Hoar's Lady Norbcrne;
William Calrr.e's Imperial beat A. C. Brad
bury's Sardonic: James Byrnes' Battleship beat
J Cavaney's West Side; M. B. Kavana^h'3
Hard Lines beat T. J. Cron!n'» Vlxsn.
The slxteen-dos champion staJce will also b*
run to-<lay.
The remaining round 3 of th» open
stake will be run to-day, commencing at
11 a. m. The- champion stake, for which
sixteen dog? are entered, will be run
this afternoon, the first round being held
immediately after luncheon.
MARKSMEN'S TOURNAMENT.
Over Two Hundred Expert Wing
Shots Will Compete.
Nmr YOIUC. March SL— By far the big
peM piC-en shooting tournament in the.
world— the- Urtat American h&r.dicap— will j
be decided r.eact w*ek at the new grounds
« : :!ie Interstate Association near Queer.:?. !
L.'. I. Over. 2M of the best wing shots of
tie country. rt-preser.Ung every Staia in
the l'niei>. will take part in the event,
and <Jurinfir • The wfeelc over .ro.Ou) pigeons
will'te rra;>r*d.
This yoar the Western shooters have not
repproded as liberally as usual, and the
result is the entry list has fallen to 2C»«.
which is still next to the biggest entry list j
on record. Of the prominent entires. T. ;
A. Marshall of Keithsburp. 111., who has
won the event twice, is haiidicajiped at SI !
- • ~ his companions on the back mark j
being Captain "Barker. W. K. Crosby, J. j
A. K. Elliott and Fred Gilbert. Of the I
mhtr professionals. K. D. Kulford. F. S. j
I'armaiee and R, O. Hcikes are placed at I
3G yards; C. W. Budd and J. R. Diedy j
shoot at 2S yar<is. ar.d T. \V. Murphy at -S
vartls.
* There are two women shooters in the
:-:- Ar.r/ip Oakley, cf Nutloy. N. J., who
Is handicapped at 25 yards, and Mrs. John
son of Miiineapolis. who will shoot from
the E5-yard mark. .
BONNIE TONE A SURPRISE.
California Mare Wins at Kong Odds
at little Bock.
LITTLE ROCK. Aric. March 3L— This
was; ih«? la«t day of the Arkansas Jockey !
Ciuii'f meeting. In the third race Damo
cles' caught Racebud at the wire, causing- !
a <£?ad heat. In tho run-oS Damocles
cs.ro? away when ready and won easily.
Bonnie lone, at SO to 1. was piloted to
victjary over th<» favorite. Drambure. in
thejl&ct race. Many of the horses havo
fceeji BhiKXJd to Memphis. Results:
• .FSi-e and a. half rurlo£*ra. *<?l!inir— Alice Ccffia
»oa, J3«Ue ot Erin «cooi Borden ttlrd. Time.
110
Five and »: hV.f furbrrs. Mi!lns-The L'rht
«-ca. ilart'ji. Uuie tfccal; Kir Blaze third.
t-f vf n lurtcr-r*. F*lllr.r— RacebtnJ and Dimo
des ran a de^d-heat. Abusive thini. Time, 1:30.
Inthe runoff 'Dair.oclw- won. Tim*. I:£4.
-¦¦•:• f- . -p— Laureate won. li!th Jinks »*o
ond. Cto-w*>«ra-K.- third." Time. I:CV
fix furtocrs. srllise— Fre« Haal wen, Ir.rjr
n .. r. secend. Dvi& Comedian third. Time.
1-tS'i •
Mi.c tr.i-t rlx^^^rtb — Brui!» I<^n* iron. I>raxn
tnirs eeccad. «*-— iro IT tbtri Time, 1:£ IV».
Crosby Wins From Elliott.
*CT:u- TOKK. March 31.— "«\ B. Crosby
cf OFa-lon; 111. defeated J. A. R. Elliott
of Kansas City !a a lOO^btrd match at In
ters^aie Park, L. 1., to-day by a score of
f7 to S3. The match was for the Review
Medal and JlOO a side. Elliott had the
harder bir<ls in the first part of the match
ajnd had a little the worst of the luck
McFadden and Donnelly Draw
N"EW TORK. March Sl.— Kid McFadden
of San Francisco and Billy Donnelly, a
local pugilist, to-night before the Pelican
Athletic Club. Brooklyn, fought ten
rounds to a draw. The tlfrht was fast and
furious f rcrn ths start, neither man at any
fU^-e kavinc an advantage.
Bennises' Race Meeting
WASHINGTON. March Sl.-The Eastern
racing Ffason oi ISOO •will open at the Ben
nliigs rawoßrse off Monday next, -when
the fifth sprir.g mating cf the Washing
ton Jockey Club will open. The meeting
will continue dally until Saturday. April
Brown Had Two Wives.
Judge Hebbard has granted the prayer
of Emma Brown for an annulment of her
marriage to Frederick A. Brown. Tho
court found that plaintiff's contention that
Brown had another wife, by a former
marriage, living was correct, hence he an
nulled, the. marriage, "
enSlALcomco. i
/)\ Xsitflfiffl^ i EV€RY FORM OF W£AKN€SS \
tyiV^S^yV ( AND CONTRACTED DISEASES OF ,
j Men Only.
*T mnow T"ARICOCELE
j \ffiOßTEbSfl Cured in one week at office, or |
% Ur wee^ 8 °^ home treatment, \
% V/ W) without operation, electric belt or (
ll AWAY v suspensory. We have cured over - 1
% ir 2000 cases without a single fail-;'
% B ure or unpleasant reeult. We in- '
S vite correspondence and the full- J
)|k v est. investigation of our methods ,
997 Market Street Entire Upper Floor, .Corner Slxtt.
A Married Woman's Residence.
The Supreme Court has rendered a de
cision which will certainly be of Interest
to every married woman in the State, ard
especially those who on account of fam^J*
troubles are living apart from their baa
bands. The question was what consti
tutes a married woman's residence" It
was raised in the matter of the estate of
Mrs. Oliver Jane Wickeg. deceased.
Tears ago she lived In San Francisc with
her husband, Alfred M. Wickes On ac
count of an incurable disease' ac was
placed In a hospital in this city, while sh©
moved to Oakland, where she resided for
years. She died in the Fabiola Hospital.
Oakland, and the Superior Court of Ala
meda County refused to probate the will
on the ground that the wom.nn was not
a resident of Alameda Count?. The Su
preme Court sustains this position, hold
ing that the residence and domicile of a
married woman Is the same and changea
W L that of her husbanJ. no matter
where he may be or how loflg the woman
has lived apart from him
1022. FOURTH RACE— Four miles; Thornton stake; three-year-oldg and up; value, 13000.
Time-Mile. l:HU: 2m. SMI: Sm. B-.30V1: 34m. 6:24V4: 4m, 7:22<4. Good start. Won easinr nol
«wond and third drlvins. Winner. B. Schreib*r"s b. g., by Imp. Fortlsslmo-Overtuns
Forte under wraps for three miles. TVeller should have been second. Twlnkler a z»ms
one. Potente taken out of the running too far. Ledaea died away.
Tlme-5-16. :3!>si: iW, :55 v i. Good start. Won easily, Becond and third driving. Winner. B.
Schrelbor's eh. f.. by Balgowan-Apozea. Sofala a crackajack. Impromptu stood a lone
drive. Laura Mario blew up. Scratched — Moonhriuht US, Too Hot 105. •
Riflemen on the Ranges.
There will be largo quantities of pow
der consumed on the several rifle ranges
to-day. The majority of the marksmen
will be at Schuetzen Park, where the
California Schuetzen Verein, Vereln Eln
tracht and other organizations will hold
their regular contests for class medala.
At Shell Mound the Deutsche Krieger
Vereln. Independent Rifles and the Oak
land militia will shoot. The Columbia
Pistol and Rifle. Club meets .to-day at
Harbor View range in contests for class
medals, cash prizes and trophies.
On next Sunday the Red Men's Schuet
zen Company will hold its annual eagle
shoot and picnic at Shell Mound. In the
Ehooting contest prizes will be given to
the marksman bringing down the several
parts of the wooden bird placed on the
top of a tall pole. The rifleman striking
the heart will be Shooting King: for the
year.
The range committee of the National
Schuetzenbund, which is to hold the big
rifle tournament here next year, has
failed to make a selection of a range.
Captain L. Siebe of Shell Mound and
Captain F. Schneman of Schuetzen Park
have made liberal offers and promised to
put the ranges in order for the big event.
In either place many alterations will
have to be made in order to accommo
date the riflemen and spectators.
The Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club
has joined the Bund. F. E. Mason and
D. W. McLaughlln are the delegates. The
Ban Jose Rifle Club has also made appli
cation for membership.
An interesting three-team match is to
be shot at Shell Mound on Saturday, the
»th inst., in which the crack shots of the
Oakland and San Francisco Police De
partments and the Berkeley University
team will compete for a trophy. Each
team is to consist of ten' men, who will
shoot the firearms with which they are
provided, the policemen with repeating
magazine rifles and the university boys
with Cadet Springfield muskets. Each
marksman is to j=hoot ten shots at 200
yards on the Blunt military target. The
members of each team have been ac
tively practicing for the contest for sev
eral weeks.
Marin County has now a rifle shooting
organization of Its own. On Thursday
evening the Marin County Bcnuetxen
"STRAW BOND" KELLY
DENIED A NEW TRIAL
On Motion of the Defendant Sentence
Is Inferred. — Augustus Jacobs
Goes to San Quentin.
Final judgment of the Supreme Court is
all that stands between Thomas A. Kelly,
ex-clerk of Police Court 4 and a term In
the State Prison. Kelly, who was recent
ly convicted of knowingly and unlawfully
accepting a "straw bond" for the release
of one Wilson, a colored petty larcer.y
thief, appeared before Judge Lawlor yes
terday for sentence. Judge Lawlor first
denied the defendant's motion for a new
trial. Although, the court said, some In
competent testimony might have crept
into the record, he was satisfied that such
testimony was not prejudicial to the in
terests of the defendant. Kelly, he said.
glalnly violated the law by accepting the
ond in question on the sidewalk, even it
he believed the same to be good; but as
the whole transaction was so corrupt
there were, no extenuating circumstances
"By the passing of sentence on this de^
fendant," said Judge Lawlor, "the 'straw
bond' Incident in wnlch this defendant was
a party will not be considered closed by the
court,, as there are others involved in the
crime whose guilt I hope will be exposed.
The proper authorities are now investi
gating- the matter, and doubtless they will
take steps to punish the offenders.
Kelly was ordered to stand up to receive
his sentence, but Judge Dibble asked for
a continuance until Tuesday, that he
might call witnesses to prove the- defend
ant's previous good character. The mo
tion was granted and Kelly was returned
to Jail.
Augustus Jacobs, a soldier, recently con
victed of grand larceny, was sent to San
Quentin for five years.
Modern Trojans Dance.
Last Friday night the members of Hec
tor Lodge of the Modern Trojans gave an
at home In Friendship Hall of the Odd
Fellows' building to their friends. The
hall was too small to hold all who accepted
the invitation to be present. There was
an entertaining programme of music,
songs and dances, and then a fish poud.
Painted His Bloodhound.
Captain F. Slevert, 42 Clarendon place,
owns a valuable Siberian bloodhound. Fri
day some one painted the dog In brown
and jrreen colors. The captain and his
wife spent several hours trying to wash
off the paint, with small success and
later the captain brought the dog to War
rant Clerk Peery and wanted a warrant
for the arrest of the painter on the charge
of cruelty to animals, but as he had no
idea as to the identity of the miscreant
the warrant was not issued.
AD VERTISE2IENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy Tba:
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a moit remark'
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men -who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all ¦who write. It
13 a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It !s needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an abaoiuta
success In all cases. A request to th.»
State Medical Institute. »2S Elelrtron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. statin? that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with promptly. Th*
Institute is desirous of Teaching, that
great class cf men 'who. are unable lo
leave home to be treated. ax»il the free
•ample will enable them to see how easy
It la to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. Tha
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man,
vrho writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or pub! v:ty. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
Change at St. Dominic's.
Robert Lloyd relinquishes the baton as
musical director at St. Dominic's Church
on March 31, this date being the expira
tion of his contract with the church.
Wheelmen on the Road.
The Pacific Cycling Club will picnic at
Lagunltas, Marin County, to-day, taking
the S o'clock SausaJlto boat. The club
celebrated Its sixth anniversary on
March 28.
E. E. Stoddard of the Bay City "Wheel
men is in Portland on a business trip.
Al Morrison is in town again with a line
of Orient automobiles.
It is stated that the world's amateur
record of 1:40 for a paced mile Indoors,
made by Tom Morris on the Los Angeles
track March 17, cannot stand because he
was paced by professionals. If It is so the
record ia valueless.
The National Cycling
which now has charge of racing matters
on this coast, has appointed \V. L*. L>oos
its Pacific Coast representative. Loos will
have control of the sport in California,
Nevada, Oregon, Washington and Idaho.
UNIVERSITY OARSMEN
TRAINING FOR A RACE
Have Arranged a Match "With, a Crew
Representing Columbia Rowing
Club of Oakland.
The most interesting prospective event
among the oarsmen is tho approaching
race bet^^en the University of California
barge crew and a four of the Columbia
Rowing Club. The Berkeley men have
unfortunately been prevented from prac
ticing together for some time owing to
the fact that their barge has been under
going repairs at Rogers' shop. Rogers has
been slow in finishing the work on the
boat,. hence the university crew is handi
capped by lack of practice. The Columbia
men, however, kindly offered their boat to
the university on Sunday last. The Co
lumblas have an old college oarsman and
an experienced stroke in Harry Haight.
Charles Goodwin at No. 3 is also an ex
perienced oarsman and a painstaking
coach. J. H. Dieckmann at bow is strong
and willing, and is taking advantage of
the good coaching the crew is getting.
The fact that the university crew, while
its barge is being repaired, has no other
racing barge to row in shows how difficult
It would be in the present state of things
to send a crew to the Eastern States that
would do itself any credit. If this is true
of a four-oared barge crew, it is easy to
see that the difficulty amounts to impossi
bility when it comes to an eight-oared
crew. There are not eight men in the uni
versity who could sit a racing eight-oar,
and if there -were, there is not an eight
oar on the coast. Dr. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler was, therefore, getting on a little
too fast when he promised his friends at
Cornell that be would send a crew thither
from California in l'.*)l. The ma-gniflceiit
air of California must have inflated his
ideas a little, and the Easterners who
heard his enthusiastic talk must have
smiled. The regrettable thing Is that the
failure to appreciate the difficulties of
preparing a crew to row in a racing eight
tends to throw doubt on Dr. Wheeler's
knowledge of rowing matters.
The four of the University of California
are: M. E. Scott, bow ; J. \V. Barnes, No.
2: D. Goodale, No. 3; T. V. Kington,
stroke, and Percy Pembroke, coxswain.
The representatives of the Columbia
Rowing Club are: J. H. Dieckmann, bow;
Charles Bates, No. 2; Charles Goodwin,
No. 3; H. H. Haight, stroke, and Karl
Beatty, coxswain.
A committee of the Triton Boating Club
waited recently upon the Street Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors to ask
permission to move their boathouse from
its present location to the foot of Larkin
street. The matter was referred to the
City and County Attorney, who •will de
cide whether the Supervisors have power
to grant the application of the Tritons
or not.
George Blum and J. Helldron, the latter
of whom has recently returned from Ma
nila, have taken vigorously to gig rowing.
The Dolphins and Tritons recently paid a
visit to the life-saving station at the Pre-
Eldio. John Peat and his wife, who also
handles the oars well, make trips there
frequently. John Peat was one of the
early members of the Neptune Rowing
Club, which occupied a boathouse on
North Beach, but is no longer In exist
ence. Tom Keenan of the Dolphins in
tends to enter the outrigged skiff race in
the next regatta, and George Baker is
keeping In practice with the sculls.
COLONEL ESKRIDGE
REVIEWS HIS COMMAND
Troops at Presidio Turn Out for In
spection—Battery O Goes to
Angel Island.
The troops stationed at the Presidio
were yesterday reviewed by Post Com
mandant Colonel Richard I. Eskrldge,
Twenty-third Infantry, and staff. "Two
troops of the Sixth Cavalry, Light Battery
C, Third Artillery, and the two companies
of convalescents at the post turned out on
the parade ground north of the general
hospital, near the beach. The review was
interesting and was watched by a. large
number of army ladles.
Battery O commanded by Captain C. A.
Bennett and Lieutenant 11. C. Evans, has
been ordered to Angel Island to-morrow
for temporary duty. The battery will
take up its station at the detention camp,
and on the arrival of the transport Sher
idan will act as a guard of the prisoners
who have been sent from Manila.
Sergeant James C. Robertson, Troop B,
Fourth Cavalry: Sergeant Benjamin Craig,
Troop I, Fourth Cavalry, and Private
Patrick Branigan, Troop C. Fourth Cav
alry, will be burled at the Presidio this
afternoon with military honors. Troop G,
Sixth Cavalry, will form the escort, and
Troop F will furnish the pallbeaxers. The
funeral will be held under the auspices or
the Knights of Pythias, to which organ
ization the men belonged.
Club organized with the following offi
cers: President, R. Kinsella: vice presi
dent. Joseph Kappenmann; secretary. Q.
Kohloff; shooting master, Frank Jacobs.
About thirty riflemen have Joined the
new club, which will hold its first shoot
to-day on the Schuetzen Park rantje.
The range committee of the National
Schuetzenbund has modified the rules
regulating the bullseye contests for mem»
bers. Heretofore no re-entry was per
mitted, but at the big rifle tournament
next year the rifleman who fails to se
cure a bullseye on his first ticket will be
permitted to secure tickets until he
brings up the flag. On re-entry tickets
but one bullseye is permitted, and the re
maining chances. If there be any. lapse.
This custom prevails at tae rifle tour»
naments in Switzerland.
CARTOONIST WARREN Depicts the Joys and Woes of the Fishermen in Their Variety Upon
the Season's Opening.
may legally be taken from the public
streams throughout the State. An army
of rod wielders will invado the moss
laden banks of the near-by rivers to-day
and from their aggressive appearance one
would imagine they would make deep in
roads upon the trout supply. The majority
will return to-nlsrht with some fish, a big
appetite, a. coating of tan and the con
sciousness of a day well spent in the
heart of nature. The consensus of opin
ion among experts is that the various
streams will afford better sport than
usual and that followers of the gentle
pastime are In for a great season's sport.
THE fishermen who for the past five
months have had to draw on former
experiences for material with which
to spin yarns regarding their remark
able exploits with flve-ounce rods will com
mence to-day to lay In a new supply. This
ushers In the season during which trout
ANGLERS TO CAST THEIR FLIES
INTO A THOUSAND SHADY POOLS
LORD DURHAM'S
OSBECH SCORES
AN EASY WIN
Finishes Five Lengths in
Front for the Liverpool
Spring Cup.
"Johnny" Reiff Is Second With Lack-
ford, and Sloan on Sly Fox
Fails to Qtt "Into
the Money."
»
LONDON. March £L— The- Liverpool
spring cup. Ron to-day, the third day o£
the Liverpool sprint meeting, was won by
Lord Durham'B Osbech. G. Cottrlll's
Lackford, ridden by J. Reiff, finished sec
ond and Squire Jack was third. Seven
horses ran. Sly Fox. ridden by Sloan,
was unplaced, although he was in the lead
until fairly In the line for home, when
Osbech drew to the front and won easily
by rive lengths. The same distance sepa
rated the second and third horses. The
Liverpool spring- cup Is of 1000 sovereigns
(50 sovereigns in plate or the whole In
specie, at winner's option), a handicap for
three-year-olds and upward, distance the
cup course, one mile and three furlongs.
The race for the Maiden plate, of 200
sovereigns, for three-year-olds and up
ward, one mile and a furlong, was won
by Lord Dunraven's Moanerta. with the
American jockey. J. H. Martin, In the
saddle. Lord Derby's St. Gall was second
and Grey Crow third. Four horses ran.
THE SAN ERANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
COURSING WAS
OF THE CLOSE
ORDER AT UNION
The Short Ends Won Often
Enough to Make Bet
ting Interesting.
•
Contestants In To-Day's Finals Axe
So Evenly Matched That the
Winners Will Be Hard
to Pick.
The programme offered In th« run down
of the open stake at Union Coursing Pa.rk
yesterday wua a very even affair and the
courses In consequence wert> Rood tests
of the running üblllty of the doga. Of the
forty-eight couraes eleven were captured
by the Bhort enders, sumo at good odds
and all of them of tha legitimate order,
not one course being won on v fluke.
[ Curtis & Bon's Narcissus* allowed up In
great form and was heavily played
against Athena, the Aeneld Kennels' en
try as a 6 to 1 favorite. These odds were
reduced somewhat after an undecided, but
Narcissus took the second cuurse in easy
style, unslghtlng Athena. A strong play
has been made in the long odds book on
Narcissus as the probable winner of the
stake in to-day's tinal.
The even . card for to-day makes It a
hard guess to pick the flag getters.
Bona Fide showed plenty of speed yea
terday and looks a winner against Teddy
Hale. Greenhall should win from Silver
Lyon. St. Anthony against Wonder,
Thornhlll and Reannex will no doubt
furnish close and even coursing. Craw
ford Lad and Palo Alto are expected to
make an -interesting run with chances
slightly In favor of Geary's youngster.
Shadow was at false odds against Shoot
over and won out on the short end 1 to 4,
and is looked upon as a coming dog. Nar
cissus looks an easy winner against Be
nicia Boy and Curtis' Cash and McKinley
stand a good show in their -first courses,
though against Gallant and Honor Bright
it will be no walkover for either of them.
Three Cheers on the short end beat out
Rona, and against Royal Anne to-day will
have a hard race.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, first run-down — J. Horn's Bona
Fide beat R. L. Taylor's Rowdy Boy, S—o;S — 0; M.
H. Sheehan's Teddy Hale beat W. Creamer's
Onward. 6—2; Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon
beat J. R. Smith's Magic. S— o: J. Cane's Green
hall beat J. Dickson's Black Bess. &— 1; N. P.
Whltinr's St. Anthony beat Curtis & Son's
Maud B, 6—o; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Won
der beat 11. H. Gray's Terronette. s—l;5 — 1; T. J.
Cronin's Thornhlll beat T. Logan's Miss Griz
zle, 4—o; B. Silver" g Reannex beat Curtis &
Son's Cavalier. 7—3; R. E. d» B. Lopea &
Son's Crawford Lad beat J. Dean's Brilliantine.
5—2; E. Geary's Palo Alto beat P. Doyle's Wild
Monarch. 6— o; Land© & Gerber's Rlenzl beat
J. L. Ross' Just Tip. 13—2; Pasha Kennels'
May Hempstead beat J. Hurley" s O X Capitol.
4—o;4 — 0; Curtis & Son's Commodore beat W. H.
Scheper's The Exile, 9—6; D. Winders' Risky
Attempt beat T. J. Cronln'a Wild Tralee. J— 2;
Krwln & Lyons' May Queen beat A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty. £,—0;, — 0; P. J. Relay's Wa/ship
beat M. Dunlea's Erin. 6—o; E. Casserlys
Lady Blanche beat Curtis & Son's Terronlte.
?—0; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Crawford Braes
beat R. Ia Taylor's Winnlns Lassie. 6—o; K.
IX de B. Lopez & Son's Dairy Maid beat H.
Lynch's Lexington, s—l; R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Green Valley Maid beat E. Geary's
America, 3—2;3 — 2; A. Johnson's L/>wlander beat
Gus Abercromble's Rock Islan<f"Klnjr, 6—l; E.
Geary's Ireland beat F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha,
*— »: G. W. Hetntz's Coquette beat J. L. Ross'
J L R. 3—2; Curtis & Son's Shadow beat J.
O'Dowd's Shootover. 3— l; Maher & Reid's Bad
Boy beat F. A, McComb's Little Sister. 2—l;
J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste beat W. C. Glas
son's Santonin. 6—l; Curtis & Son's Cash beat
J. R. Smith's Petronlus. S— s: Curtis & Son's
XarcUsus beat Aeneld Kennels' Athena. 6—o:6 — 0:
Curtis & Son's McKlnley beat M. Dunlea's
Fenian Boy, S— s; James Dean's Gallant beat
Gus Abercromble'a Rock. Island Boy. 5—4;5 — 4; P.
Brophy's Benlcla Boy beat R. L. Taylor's
Mose, 3—o:3 — 0: T. Loean's Honor Bright beat J.
McCormlck't White LUy, 6—o; R. Strahl's Three
Cheers beat H. H. Gray's Rona, 9—7; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne beat Curtis & Son's
Blackette. E — O; Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat
George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket. *— 2; J. M.
Halton's Corin's Flashlight beat D. K. Carter's
High Jlhks, 6—3; Gus Abercromble's Victor
Klnir beat J. Carroll's Red Hind. 7—l; H.
Lyncli's Lottie M beat J. Hurley's Shylock
Boy, 5—2; D. J. Healey's Grenada beat D. K.
Carter's Joe Farrell. 6—o: Bartels Brothers'
Mac's Melody beat D. J. Healey's Macele X.
6—2;6 — 2; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured beat J. Mc-
Cormlck's Black Daisy. 6—2; Maher & Reid's
Uncle Fuller beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas.
3—o;3 — 0; J. Hurley's Hurricane beat D. J. HeaJey'-»
Maori Land. 4—l:4 — 1: T. J. Cronln's Roae of Tralee
beat F. A. McComb's One Spot. J— l: D. Win
ders' Random Aim beat Aeneld Kennels' Aga
memnon 4—o;4 — 0; Sterl & Knowles' OUta beat W.
C. Glasson's Sleigh Bella. 5—3;5 — 3; J. Carroll's
Auckland beat P. Honran's Manila, 2—o: Sterl
& Knowles" Sleety Mist beat D. E. Wiley's
Hlsn Born Lady. 6—o.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLANT) RACETRACK. Saturday. March 81. 1300.— Weather fine. Track fast
1010. FIRST RACl>— One mile; celling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $300.
Time— H. :2a*; : H. :«>H: %. 1:1«: mile. 1:42^. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
Burns & "SVaterhouse'a b. f.. by Forester-My Cyp. Winner much the best. Prestome did his
best. Mamie O In no condition to race.
1020. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furionys: two-year-olds : purse, JlOO.
NINETEEN HUNDRED.
Cleveland
B/CYCLES :
MOST POPULAR
LV DEMAND ... ; ;.
No. 83, a perfect road wheel,
$40.
No. 94, * twenty-pound racer, ¦ ¦
No. 95* Cleveland Chainless,
$75.
LEAVITT & BILL,
•09 Larkia St.. 8. T.
20 San Pablo are., Oakland,
IO2M. FIFTH RACE — One mile and aa eighth: free handicap; 3-year-olds and up; purse, tsoo
Time—^.. :ll^: %. :36H: *. 1:01: H. 1:«H: mile. l:«» t : lHm. 1-.53 U. Good start. \v"on flrit
thre« drlvins. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's br. k. by Imp. Pirate of Penxance-Mlss Thomas
At the weights, winner was best. Don Luis ran better. Flamora killed off by Gauntlet
Dr. Bernays no speed.
24
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
I(K>9 My Gypsy. 3 96 4
979 Prestome. 3 101 3
S9S Sorrow, 5 11l 1
IW7 Croker. 4 109 6
5*9 Ln< Prietos. S 116 5
1003 r»r. Marks, 5 116 7
9SS Ace. a US ! 11
10)7 Poorlands. 4 112 10
1017 Mamie G. a 114 2
lOCS Fonnatus, 3 9S 8
»5S Be Happy, 5 1U 12
990 Periwig, 6 12l| 9
U X % Btr. Fin.
(1 « In 33 In 1 H
4 n in 1% »l 23
18 IS 2h 3 4 3 4
n""!h S 41 41
71 10 J 8* 51 B6
31 <I 4h 61 6h
U Ul 12 8 H 7n
10 1 8h 61 92 £ i
3h 7h 71 10 1 Si
9 2 9 h 11 11* io
11 1 12 10 12 11
8%- <h 6h 71 12
J
1 Bettlngr.
I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Ranch 2 5-2
Henry 10 19
Bas;ing?r .... 3 4
Fauntleroy ... 6 23
Helnson 15 12
Buchanan .... 5 7
Bozejnan ..... 10 20
J. Daly 20 30
E. Ross 15 10
Uiltlia 15 ' »
Dlxon 15 30
PigKOtt 10 12
Index. Horse. Weight. I St. U H V Str.
(911) Sofala 120 2 ... ... l2^ 12
1001 Impromptu 10$ 3 ... ... 3 1 2 n
991" Combermere 110 7 ...... 5 3 5 5
<997) Laura. ilarle 115 1 ... ... 2 H 4 h
(100$) Screenwell L*ke....Uo 5 4V4 8 1
.... Princess Titanla.... los 9 7 1 6 14
947 Ada Fox 100 g ... ... 6 5 7 8
IWB Montana Chief tain.. los 4 ... ... 9 8 6
1001 Rajp 105 6 ... ... 8 1 9
Fin. | Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
15 Henry 1-2 7-10
2 2 N. Hill 5 11-2
8 1H Pigrrott sts t
*h. Moncan 8 11
6 4 E. Itoss g 12
6 6 Ames 30 40
7 2 Heinson 30 150
8 19 - Logrue 20 SO
9 Golden 30 800
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
STS Headwater. 4 ".107 5
$67 Sly, 6 113 1
SS4 Mountebank. 3 ?« 8
100< Tuthill. 8 104 4
1011 Cormorant. 4 115 7
Xl Sidelong. 4 107 3
(970) Imp. Clonsilla, 5.... 108 1
913 Formero. 4 110 9
766 Mldlove. 4 110 6
U H
S n
¦¦>?.: s ih
I!.* 7 1
... 13
3 h
2 X
61
SI
61
1«
Str.
2 h
12
41
s l
3 1
7
8
9
6 H
Fin.
1 ns
23
31
4 h
5 H
6 1
72
8 1
9
I Jockey. [Op. Cl.
Buchanan .... % 6-2
E. Uoes S 7-j
Basslnger .... IS 30
X. Hill 6 tO
PJgKOtt S 10
Collls 100 100
I. Powell 5-j 9.2
Henry 3 u-2
Morgan 15 25
ndei. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. lm. 2m. 3m. 3Hm. Str. Fin! j Jockey. jop! cT
(957) Forte." 5 11l 4 3 H S3 12 110 115 120 Henry _ i^L 9^
987 Twinkler. S ..112 3 ltt 24 32 26 26 2 Shaw ...' 7 i
(975) Weller. 4 109 5»4 S 475 449 3 5 S3O 3 100 I. Powell. . g-5 *
1004 Poteate. 5 11l «'6 519 5 100 4 150 4SO 43) PlcßOtt 7-*» IB ?
975 Oralbee, 4 106 36 15 6 < 5 5 5 Postel ....¦.'.": s3 ?»
?S7 Ledaea. 4 1M 1 212 In 2 3 Pulled up ... J. Wooda 20 15
[ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.JSt. hi \j \ Str. Fin. | JocWey. [Op! — cT
999 Malay. 4 104 4 83»J4 32 In 11 E. RojT^ i~Ti
1014 Don Luis. 5 S3 3 43-4 J 44 3! J*i Fauntleroy """ 15 to
1005 Flamora. S 96 Jla In In ShSH Buchanan^'." t-6 1
612 Dr. Bernays, 6 100 5 S 6 5 434S Henry 4 13 »
1006 Gauntlet, 4 ......... S3 i 2 4 8 S Il'j 5 5 jßanch ." g g
ndex. now. Age. \\>i!rnt.ist.
994 Horton. 4 10S 3
101! taxda, 5 IK 7
1012 Storm King. «... ...112 4
1003 Mary Ktnsella, 6.. .100 !
lOCS Snips, 5 ...10: S
1010 Flamero. * 103 5
1006 Castake. 5 .........109 9
513 Defiance, 4 SS 1
9!K> Coda, a .............100 $
10C3 Petal. 4 ?« 10
¦ H - H %i Str. Fin.- | Jockey. |Qp. CL
J3 22 2n 4H in I. Powill « "tlj
}3 H 11 la 8 2 Pl«ott 6-2 5
4n 7H 52 51 41 Henry w in
8 1 5 13h2h 6H Mounce g Ji
5 H 3 H 7>i 6 1 6 4 Gaffney > 5 «
9 » 8 1 7 1 7 4 Ames ...* g 1!
Jh <1 6 1 S2 S3 Cannell €0 1M
,S % ,J 4 ,9, 9 9S 910 H. Stuart... M »
10 10 • 10 - - 10 10 J. T. Woods.. 40 30
ndex. now. Age. \\>i!rnt.ist.
994 Horton. 4 10S 3
101! taxda, 5 IK 7
1012 Storm King. «... ...112 4
1003 Mary Ktnsella, 6.. .100 !
lOCS Snips, 5 ...10: S
1010 Flamero. * 103 5
1006 Castake. 5 .........109 9
513 Defiance, 4 SS 1
9!K> Coda, a .............100 $
10C3 Petal. 4 ?« 10
¦ H - H %i Str. Fin.- | Jockey. |Qp. CL
J3 22 2n 4H in I. Powill « "tlj
}3 H 11 la 8 2 Pl«ott 6-2 5
4n 7H 52 51 41 Henry w in
8 1 5 13h2h 6H Mounce g Ji
5 H 3 H 7>i 6 1 6 4 Gaffney > 5 «
9 » 8 1 7 1 7 4 Ames ...* g 1!
Jh <1 6 1 S2 S3 Cannell €0 1M
,S % ,J 4 ,9, 9 9S 910 H. Stuart... M »
10 10 • 10 - - 10 10 J. T. Woods.. 40 30
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
STS Headwater. 4 ".107 5
$67 Sly, 6 113 1
SS4 Mountebank. 3 ?« 8
100< Tuthill. 8 104 4
1011 Cormorant. 4 115 7
Xl Sidelong. 4 107 3
(970) Imp. Clonsilla, 5.... 108 1
913 Formero. 4 110 9
766 Mldlove. 4 110 6
U H
S n
¦¦>?.: s ih
I!.* 7 1
... 13
3 h
2 X
61
SI
61
1«
Str.
2 h
12
41
s l
3 1
7
8
9
6 H
Fin.
1 ns
23
31
4 h
5 H
6 1
72
8 1
9
I Jockey. [Op. Cl.
Buchanan .... % 6-2
E. Uoes S 7-j
Basslnger .... IS 30
X. Hill 6 tO
PJgKOtt S 10
Collls 100 100
I. Powell 5-j 9.2
Henry 3 u-2
Morgan 15 25
ndei. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. lm. 2m. 3m. 3Hm. Str. Fin! j Jockey. jop! cT
(957) Forte." 5 11l 4 3 H S3 12 110 115 120 Henry _ i^L 9^
987 Twinkler. S ..112 3 ltt 24 32 26 26 2 Shaw ...' 7 i
(975) Weller. 4 109 5»4 S 475 449 3 5 S3O 3 100 I. Powell. . g-5 *
1004 Poteate. 5 11l «'6 519 5 100 4 150 4SO 43) PlcßOtt 7-*» IB ?
975 Oralbee, 4 106 36 15 6 < 5 5 5 Postel ....¦.'.": s3 ?»
?S7 Ledaea. 4 1M 1 212 In 2 3 Pulled up ... J. Wooda 20 15
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
I(K>9 My Gypsy. 3 96 4
979 Prestome. 3 101 3
S9S Sorrow, 5 11l 1
IW7 Croker. 4 109 6
5*9 Ln< Prietos. S 116 5
1003 r»r. Marks, 5 116 7
9SS Ace. a US ! 11
10)7 Poorlands. 4 112 10
1017 Mamie G. a 114 2
lOCS Fonnatus, 3 9S 8
»5S Be Happy, 5 1U 12
990 Periwig, 6 12l| 9
U X % Btr. Fin.
(1 « In 33 In 1 H
4 n in 1% »l 23
18 IS 2h 3 4 3 4
n""!h S 41 41
71 10 J 8* 51 B6
31 <I 4h 61 6h
U Ul 12 8 H 7n
10 1 8h 61 92 £ i
3h 7h 71 10 1 Si
9 2 9 h 11 11* io
11 1 12 10 12 11
8%- <h 6h 71 12
J
1 Bettlngr.
I Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Ranch 2 5-2
Henry 10 19
Bas;ing?r .... 3 4
Fauntleroy ... 6 23
Helnson 15 12
Buchanan .... 5 7
Bozejnan ..... 10 20
J. Daly 20 30
E. Ross 15 10
Uiltlia 15 ' »
Dlxon 15 30
PigKOtt 10 12
Index. Horse. Weight. I St. U H V Str.
(911) Sofala 120 2 ... ... l2^ 12
1001 Impromptu 10$ 3 ... ... 3 1 2 n
991" Combermere 110 7 ...... 5 3 5 5
<997) Laura. ilarle 115 1 ... ... 2 H 4 h
(100$) Screenwell L*ke....Uo 5 4V4 8 1
.... Princess Titanla.... los 9 7 1 6 14
947 Ada Fox 100 g ... ... 6 5 7 8
IWB Montana Chief tain.. los 4 ... ... 9 8 6
1001 Rajp 105 6 ... ... 8 1 9
Fin. | Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
15 Henry 1-2 7-10
2 2 N. Hill 5 11-2
8 1H Pigrrott sts t
*h. Moncan 8 11
6 4 E. Itoss g 12
6 6 Ames 30 40
7 2 Heinson 30 150
8 19 - Logrue 20 SO
9 Golden 30 800
[ndex. Horse. Age. Welght.JSt. hi \j \ Str. Fin. | JocWey. [Op! — cT
999 Malay. 4 104 4 83»J4 32 In 11 E. RojT^ i~Ti
1014 Don Luis. 5 S3 3 43-4 J 44 3! J*i Fauntleroy """ 15 to
1005 Flamora. S 96 Jla In In ShSH Buchanan^'." t-6 1
612 Dr. Bernays, 6 100 5 S 6 5 434S Henry 4 13 »
1006 Gauntlet, 4 ......... S3 i 2 4 8 S Il'j 5 5 jßanch ." g gSHIPPING BILL APPROVED.
Chairman Grosvenor Presents the
Measure in the House.
WASHINGTON', March 31.— The House
Committee on Merchant Marine and Fish
eries to-day approved the report on the
shipping bill prepared by Chairman
Grosvenor. who later presented it to the
House. It was decided, however, not to
make It public until Monday, when a
Eynopsi? will r.e piv*-n out. The report
Itself is very voluminous, makincr about
150 papes. and covers the whole subject of
merchant shipping here ar.d abroad. All
of the R«pubiican members of the com
mittee conrurr-'d in the report.
The Democratic members announced
their purpose to make a minority report,
and were given until April to present it.
It will be a general dissent from the bill
and will not be accompanied by any sub
stitute.
Convicted of Murder.
Special I>l»pateh t» The Call
BAKERSFIELD. March 3L— Pedro Bar
racan was convicted to-day of the murder
of John C. Davi? In October, ISST7. A life
sentence was reconmended.
32 v -¦ *•
| Cure Colds ; ; : }
v; bj keeping your bowels open. CASCARETS will do it withoct ji
5» grip or gripe and drive the cold right ont of yon. Jnst a3 soon .5
J as you " feel like taking cold " take a CASCARET— there is .g
NOTHING SO GOOD. g
1 J^^cS^Sb CANDY CATHARTIC^. |
I I
S A sweet bit of candy medicine, purely vegetable, absolutely ji
S» harmless, never grip nor gripe. A sale of over 5,000,000 boxes jj
j£ a year — 10c. 25c, 50c — proves their great merit. Be snre you S
g get CASCARETS, the only original, genuine Candy Cathartic, p
I Best for the Bowels J
Fire in the Mission.
:1 An alarm of fire was turned In from box
El 6 at 12:57 this morninp. "A two-story
frame building on Twenty-second street,
between Georgia and Michigan wastotally
de«troyed. It was valued at S3OO and was
owned by C. Bradford. The cause of the
fire is unknown.
0 EcQnomy prices. 0
0 Groceries and Liquors.^
Creamer}* Butter
£f ; Point R*tp« or «./^.. ««.^» ...->,-£
\ l'tt*!^* br»nds. square 3ocf
0 ' Froca tbe best better diitnct 0
\: " la * h * «*-**•¦ . . : ¦ \
JSchepp's Cocoanut f
\ • s^f^inpack*^. pound Iscj
9¦: U»Ui'Jy*ic- pound? 9
Catsup < par* foods.) 9
i ¦¦'¦ Good m Sciders o V»nrrl#»c t-ri
t : or«.!votber *¦ UOltlcS 2>Ct
f -. trfgtl grade bnz»d. A
i Fancy Cluster Raisins $
-a-. L*.rt«, deiiciinu fruit. _?,,_ J ~~~a
.0 TnlLhwrrdifMn. pOUnd lOC^
tf Fancy French P-unes
* l^j^d&Wio. pound sc^
'Hotel Blend Coffee *
ifcp^S&Si pound x 7 c{
f consumers in ban Frmueisco- U» ; « C
¦• a U£p prx» app jes toto t mailer
, w ¦ ¦'•-'¦' "¦•*' tbv week. {•
Malt Whiskey *
fjiV&SSI bottle 75 c^
1 Kefminr 1100. >
a St. Julien ClaTet a
0 Vineyard. gallon 33 0 C 4
\\ '.' . Four ye»Tß old. Be^uiar *<o. \
rriS Markw-frt. S. F. Sh*.ttaek At. Perkcleyf
>'rtb &Wfc«L;iston,o«Lk OatnJ ATe.Alam<?da >
f UXm iJroadirziy. - Tth & W oil. Oak. f
What Eureka Valley Wants.
.-•-.« ¦¦..-=. ..\ /¦¦. \-7-;ijr.^>.V-'tVi;.';j.h<»'-, Market Street!
v~""> Improvement Club, j
:hf >!'.;--' .' .: - .'• ,n'..-«;f " Improvement
• : •y'ir.r"-; : . •'¦;¦¦•'••'.;.'•;.;:>! -<:.'f.^'h *=¦'.. former at 237
N • '¦¦¦••¦ ' •: - r. • V Tlis Eureka. Valley
j-- ¦¦::'¦ «.i- :-r..v-^ : <il- Market street.
b<-:»' • ¦ V : .-. l r.M F.ift>» nth streets,
c::t ri' -. ¦ . ¦ :z. v ..i son Market street,
from V • •. •¦•.-•r'> a branch Übrary
i- •>-.'.:¦•••- .. :!on of The grade on
Kur*"ka. ,-;¦•-.:¦.- wfn. Kur^ka and Noe i
v .". •• -; -¦•¦'. -•'* ; '-r? ¦/lir-twppr. th<» Fix- I
T^ehth^ I:1 ':'- •' - V'": v '.c"lin*? and the cable 1
Music at Grace Church.
Ty-.e monthly m*Jf=i<~al service takes p!ac«»
thla evening; The programme has been
EpecisJly prepared for the reason. I. F. 1
vfU* Firg- "If with All Your i
-H'-arts* 1 ar.d S. Homer Henley is to ren- I
'. -r "It Is Eno'jrh." b»-th these compo
- i ~:r.p from the oratorio of "E'.i
: •¦ Mendelssohn. A full anthem. "By
j n*s Wave" tGounod). and Kip
-pccnrtonal. "Lest \V> Forger." -will
lie' tfcnr by th* full' choir. A r^cit and
erta; "Tr.e Majesty of the Divine Hmallla
" from Dr. SiaiEfT's cantata. "The
xion." !s the number that will b*
f':--. by Err;!!* .~B.arraiiy.or:. I>'jring
Ibe r fT'r-rtorv:-ai!- "<r.r±r:v-i ".'so'io .. wfll be p'.aved
by it.f- orgar.;?.t. aiiii c'woir-'rr.asier, William
H- -H " ... '¦¦¦¦•¦. :.:::.--:¦:.: .
THE battle In San Francisco between
the jobbers and manufacturers of
the Pacific Coast and the jobbers of
the Middle West, particularly St..
Louis, for the trade territory of the Pa
ciric Coast, will open in the United States
courtroom in the Appraisers' building, at
11 o'clock to-morrow morning. It will be
a notable struggle and one in which the
entire Pacific Coast Is vitally interested.
'Ine Interstate Commerce Commissioners
who will be present are: Martin A. Knapp
of New York, chairman of the commis
sion; Judson C Clements of Georgia.
James D. Yeomans of lowa and Joseph
V.*. Fifer of Illinois. This is the first meet
ing of the Commissioners in this city.
Some testimony concerning the matter at
issue has teen taken in Los Angeles dur
ing the past week, but the main struggle
will take place here.
Attorney E. S. Pillsbury will represent
the Pacific Coast Jobbers and Manufac
turers and may be assisted by \V. F. Her
rin. There being two ways to get freight
to the coast— by rail and by water— the
transcontinental railroads are parties ir.
interest. They wish to have the freights
brought by rail and not by sea. Conse
quently, they are interested in having the
differentials that favor the Pacitic Coast
Jobbers and Manufacturers maintained.
That Ifi the explanation of the probable
appearance of Mr. Herrin.
'Ihe Middle West jobbers will be repre
sented by H. L. Christie, attorney for
the St. Louis Business Men's League:
Cnarles A. Parker, chairman of the St.
Louis Traffic Bureau; J. M. Allen,
traffic manager of the Meyer Brothers'
Drug Company, and Frank N. Johnson,
r- presenting the Simmons Hardware Com
pany, the Business Men's League and the
Commercial Exchange of St. Louis. G. W.
Sterry will appear for the Santa Fe road.
The Pacitic Coast Jobbers and Manufac
turers" Association, in addition to its at
torney, v.-ill have as representatives before
the commission President Wakeiield
Baker, Traffic Manager H. D. Loveland.
A. C. Rulofson. W. R. Wheeler and other
members of the executive committee.
The contentions of the Middle West job
bers, who brought the suit, have been
often told.* Wakefieid Baker said yester
day that the issue is whether the business
of the coast shall be done by the people
who have invested th^lr money here or
by the outsiders, who have no investment
oh the coast. A. C. Rulofson says the Cal
ifornia producer 'Is as much interested as
the jobber. If rates were placed upon tho
m!l«?ag» basis the producer will have to
pay The highest price of any one on the
cuntinent to get his products to the mar
ket. Traffic Manager Loveland <»aid that
not only was what Mr. Rulofson had said
strictly" true, but it was also a fact that
San Francisco would, on the mileage
basis, necessarily have the highest rates
In both directions of any place upon the
continent.
The hearing may last a fortnight, but
will probably close sooner. Much time
will b«* given to the discussion of differen
tials.
Frank N. Johnson of the Simmons Hard
war*? Company of St. Louis, who is lead
ing the St. Louis Jobbers in their fight be
fore the Interstate Commerce Commission,
arrived last night from Lcs Angoles and Is
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO ADVANCE— A. L. X.. City. There
is no advance offered for a dime of IS4I
XO PREMIUM— A- C. W.. City. No pre
mium is offered for half-dimes of ISI3. 1523
or I*3S.
MARYSVILLE— G.* A. 0., Still-water.
Cal. The Marysville woolen mills have
not yet been rebuilt^
UNCLE OR AUNT— Relation. City. The
expression "My aunt by marriage" or
"my uncle by marriage" is correct.
CAPE NOME— J. M. E>.. Bells Valley
Va. The extent and richness of the gold
fields at Cape Nome are uncertain.
BlBLES— Constant Reader. City. For
the information desired about free Bibles
apply at the American Bible House In this
city. . .
CTCLONE-S. L,. Marysvllle. Cal. The
cyclone that did so much damage in St.
l>»tiis. Mo., passed over that city May L..
1526.
NOTARY PUBLIC-G. R.. City. In Cali
fornia a notary public receives his ap
pointment from the Governor of tne
State.
TO REMOVE HAIR-Subscrib«r. City.
It is claimed that the electric needle will
remove hair from the face without detri
ment to the skin-
MRS. HEARST-E. M., Sacramento,
Cal A letter intended for Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst should be addressed to her.
Examiner building. San Francisco.
AULD LANG SYNE-B. 8.. Whita
house. Shasta County. Cal. "Auld Lang
Bvne" means "Time long ago." lang syna
being the Scottish form of long since.
NON-REFILLABLE BOTTLE-A. 8.,
Reno. Nev. For information in regard to
patents on a non-refillable bottle address
a letter of inquiry to the Patent Office.
Washington. D. C^_
MINING LAW— C. M.. Coleridge. No
man has a right on his own account to
ignore a State law If it is in force and
then expect that the United States will
give him a valid title.
gXOW-W. S.. Oakland. Cal. The direc
tories of San Francisco from ISTO to the.
present time fail to show that any one
by the name of Snow was engaged in the
shoe business In that city.
WHERE BORN— C. W. 0.. City. Lord
Roberts was born in Cawnpore, India, in
1532; General Kitchener in Ireland in 1S50;
General French In Roscomrr.on. Ireland.
IS4I, and General Buller In England. I*3S.
FOREIGN FLAG— E. L.. City. There Is
no record of the authorities of New York
or Brooklyn having at any time ordered
a foreign flag floated over and above the
American flag on any public buildings in
either city.
NIAGARA FALLS— T. H.. Sacramento.
Cal. The Niagara River Is .divided by
Goat Island just above the gorge, thereby
creating two falis, tne Canadian or
Horseshoe Fall on the west and the Amer
ican Fall on the east.
A BURNED DOLLAR— Pobrecito. City.
A silver dollar that has been in the fire
and is in the condition described comes
under the class of defaced coin. No Gov
ernment official will accept It at face
value or give a new coin for It.
A COMMISSION MERCHANT— 8.. Ta
k-ar. Cal. If you send goods to a commis
sion merchant to sell he sells them In his
own name and not in yours. If he did not
make proper returns of sales to you and
have proof of that you have your remedy
at law.
CANNOT VOTE— M. F.. Jacksonville.
Cal. If a foreigner comes to California
while a minor he cannot vote when he at
tains his majority without naturalization
unless he came with his parents and dur
ing his minority his parents became citi
zens of the United States.
ON THE STREET— "W. ,8., City. If a
gentleman is walking on the street
with a lady and the lady should
bow to another who Is approach
ing, the gentleman should raise his
hat. though he is not acquainted witn tna
lady his companion has bowed to.
MILITARY CAREER- A. F.. City. For
the "military career cf a commissioned
officer who served durinsj the war of th,?
Revolution" write to the Secretary of
War. Washington, D. C. In the archives
of the War Office i 9 the military record of
every officer who served In that war.
A MEDAI^W. IT. G. C. Cordelia. Cal.
If you enlisted In the State of California
for the war with Spain you are entitled to
receive a medal from the Native 3*->ns'
committee, also a certificate: Communi
cate with Henry Lur.stfdt. srrar.d secre
tary. N. S. G. W.i 414 Mason street, this
city, giving details of your enlistment ar.d
If the record is all right you will be ad
vised where you can obtain the medal and
certificate.
COOK INLET— W. F. 8.. Templeton.
Or. There is coal in large quantities at
Cook Inlet. There is a company called
Coolc Inlet Coal Field Company working
at Homer. There Is another company near
the inlet, but this department has not
been able to ascertain the name of the
same. There is also a company on Princa
William Sound.
UNCLE AND BROTHER-IN-LAW—
A. 8.. Skaggs. Cal. A marries B's sister;
A and B become brothers-in-law and re
main such, notwithstanding the fact that
Mrs. A dies. A man becomes the unci* of
his brother's or sister's child or children,
and so long as a child or children are liv
ing he remains an uncle, despite the fact
that ne may not be oa speaking terms
with his relative^
A PATENT-G. L,. City. If you deslr*
to obtain a patent ar.d you do r.ot care to
trust an attorney you m!?ht communicate
with the Commissioner of Patent 3. Wash
ington, D. C, who will send you a circu
lar in relation to the steps necessary
to obtain a patent. The fees which must
be paid In advance are: On nlini? an orig
inal application. Jl5; on issuing an original
patent, $20.
MINING CLAIMS-^. SL. City. Tho
mining- laws of the United States apply tr>
Aiaska a3 -well as to other portions of th^
United States. A mining claim upon vein
or lode shall not exceed 1500 feet in lergT-h
and not extend more than 2 r <> feet on each
side- of the middle cf the vein at the sur
face. There la no law to prevent parties
from locating other claims on the same
lode outside of *ne first location made on
the lode or vein.
POSTAL CARDS— G. W. W.. Virfrir.ia
City, Nev. Postal cards' were first issued
by the United States postal authorities in
1*72. The first were printed in brown,
with the head of Liberty in an oval: in.
1373 they were printed in bl\ie;.ln l:«& 5 they
were printed with the: head of Jefferson
In dark brown and In red brown: In IS>7
they were printed in black; in ISSI they
appeared with the head of Gram, and in
IS&4 they again appeared witti the hea-1
of Jefferson, this time In ah oval.
PLACER CLAIM3-C. H. X.. San Jose.
Cal. The provisions of the United States
Revised Statutes requiring a certain
amount of work to be performed or im
provements made during each year on.
each mining claim located after May 1'),
I«T2. and until a patent issue therefor ap
ply as well to that class of claims known,
as placer claims as» to the cla^s known aa
lode or vein claims. : The law provide
that "the period within which the worlc
required to be done annually on all u^
patented claims shall commence on th»
Ist day of January succeeding the date
of location of such claim."
THE OBELISK-E.. Alvarado. Cal. The
work of moving: the great Egyptian obe
lisk from Alexandria to New York was
managed by Commodore H. H. Gorring-e.
U. S. N. The officer rccehed Alexandria
October IS, IST9. and at once began work
with 100 Arabs. The machinery for lower-
Ins the monolith was then attached, and
the block was laid In a horizontal po
sition. The - obelisk was then . re
moved to the. wharf and upon the steam
er waltlnar for it by means of cannon balN
rolling- In metal grooves. .The 1 steamer
b»artnj this freight left Alexandria June
12, ISSO, and arrived at Staten Island July
20. The Iron tracks and cannon balls wer^
adjusted after some delay and on tnesa
the monolith -was unloaded September 15.
Next the rise and fall of the tide was
used to float it up the North River and
land it at the foot of Ninety-sixth street,
whence It was moved by steam power on
tracks with rollers.
DIED.
BLUM— In this dtr, March 31. 1900. Moses, be
loved husband of Bertha Blum, and father
of Jacob. Ira, Max. Milton, Sanford. Belle
and Krtna Blum, a native of Germany, aged
. TO years 1 month and 17 day*.
ICTNotlce of runeral hereafter.
California's Delegates.
California Parlor No. 1, Native Sons
of the Golden West, has elected the fol
low-ne named as its delegates to the
Grand Parlor: James P. Dockery. Eugene
Gauthier Jr.. James J. Jamison. Robert
H. Morse, w. W. Shannon and Myron E.
Mi c.;f. with Ben Davis. Leon Dennery.
Kugene Folsom. John F. Linehan. Edward
Lunstedt and H. M. Wroden as alternates.
Off for the South Seas.
Lord Albert E. E. Osborne. an English
man of note, who has been at the Palaco
during the past ten days, will sail to-day
oa the brig Tropic Bird for Tahiti and the
Marquesas on a pleasure tour. He will be
accompanied by D. B. Hall, who came out
from England with him. Lord Osborne
said last nieht that the trip would be for
the benefit of his health and that he had
no other object in view. The gentlemen
expec. to secure a yacht or eloop at Pa
peete end cruise about the South Seas
for an indefinite period.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WHIST— C. TV. 0., City. In whist a
"slam" is winning every trick in a round.
There being thirteen tricks which must
be made In each round or deal it follows
that seven points may be gained, which,
with four honors, would finish the game
in a single deal. This stroke of good luck
is, however, seldom attained.
WILMERDING SCHOOL— H. D. W.,
Ventura, Cal. No rich man by the name
of Wllhelra endowed a school of Industrial
arts in San Francisco. You probably have
reference to the Wilmerdlng School of
Mechanical Arts at the corner of Utah
and Sixteenth streets in San Francisco.
Address Director Schwartz at the school
for a circular of information.
AFGHANISTAN— D. M., Ivsmpoc. Cal.
On January 5. 1542, the British army left
Cabul, Afghanistan, to return to India by
way of the Khyber Pass, reiving on the
promises of Akbar Kahn and his confed
erates of an escort for safe journey. None
such was furnished. The severity of the
season Increased the misery of the retreat.
The fanatical tribes of the district ha
rassed the flank and rear of the army and
slew women and children as well as men.
Out of a host of 16,030. or if men and
¦women are included, an excess of 20,000,
only one man. Dr. Brydon, escaped to coii
vey the dismal tidings to General Sale,
who still held his position at Jelabad.
FRANCHISE LAW-J. W., City. There
•were two acts passed by the British Par
liament which affected the franchise — the
people's act of ISS4 and the redistribution
of seats in ISSS. The former introduced a
service franchise extending to household
ers and lodgers in counties. The suffrage
which in 1567 had been conferred on house
holders and burroughs placed the three
king-doms on a footing of equality as re
gards electoral qualifications. Every man
posseted of a household qualification or
lodger qualification if the qualification be
situated in England or Scotland is enti
tled to be registered as a voter, and when
registered to vote at an election for such
county or burrough in Ireland he would
be entitled to be registered as a voter at
an election for such county or burrough.
THE ROTHSCHILDS— A. O. S., Sugar
Pine. Tuolumne County. Cal. Mayer An
eelm de Rothschild, founder of the great
banking-house of Rothschilds, was born
on" September 19. 1743, in the Jews' alley in
Frankfort-on-the-Main, and was the son
of Anselm Moses Bauer, a small Jewish
merchant. He was brought up to be a
rabbi, but became a money lender at the
sign of the Rothschild (Red Shield), and
subsequently adopted that as his nam« in
stead of that of his father. The chief of
the house of Rothschild, according to the
wish of the founder, resides In Frankfort,
where the head house is located. There
are branches and agencies in different
parts of the world.
Golden Gate Elks.
Cw&*b-aGaT> L r!e. f K!k<! has elected j
'.'- - ¦•' • ;- '¦:. ;•* •\f - r 'f-; . ~- ?¦¦ Ferve for th«»:en
f-':::s .?-: m. • whicr. wT commence next
Fri'U- vt.Y-.rr. the oSWr? win be installed
in' '?r*-' in the Aleaiar: George
A7*Sit33 vvri-h.. .E: R. : Ed Hill. E. L. X.;
.••.:-¦ ':'¦/:-. ::.:r£:harri. E. L. X.. F. J. Alpers,
r. :. X . '.Villiam D. Wa_s-or.. R, S.; N.
:>y:i:<«,;;:F:.:: >y:i:<«,;;:F:.: s.; J. Grarr.^T.: j. w.
;T£rriVr.*-rv trustee; John Dc-rr.. tyler.
FUTILE CONSPIRACY OF
BRAZILIAN MONARCHISTS
Plot Comes to Naught but Punish
ment for the Revolutionary
Leaders.
"WASHINGTON. March 31.— An official
of the State Department Just returned
from Brazil has furnished some interest
ing details in regard to the recent at
tempt of a clique of Brazilian army offi
cers to Incite a revolution and establish
a monarchial government there. The
plan of action, the official says, was to
create a military riot In front of the
President's palace, during which Campos
Balles was to be assassinated, an officer
of the revolutionary band declared ruler
and Brazil proclaimed a monarchy. It
seems, however, that owing to Informa
tion furnished by an army officer fully
cognizant of the brewing conspiracy, the
President was at ail times aware of the
plans and progress of the revolutionists.
Two prominent generals In the Brazilian
army were involved in the plot,. but. ex
cept for their small following, the army
stood firm for the President, and the
project came to naught but punishment
for the offenders.
CHIEF JOSEPH'S APPEAL.
Nez Perces Sachem Wants to Remove
His Tribe to Oregon.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— Chief Joseph
of the Nez Perces Indians, located on the
Colville reservation, Washington, has filed
with the Commissioner of Indian Affairs a
petition to remove his band to Oregon.
Chief Joseph says that he desires to be
located in the Waliowa Valley, at the con
fluence of the Grand Ronde and Snake
rivers, near Seven Devils Mountains. He
says that he had talked with the people
of "that region, who think it might be pos
sible to have his tribe settle there. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to-day
said that if the Waliowa district was not
too thickly settled it might be practicable
to grant Chief Joseph's request, but he
feared that conditions would not permit
this action. •
Will Represent Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. March 31.— Two teams,
composed of Frank and Harry Porter, and
John Craijj and Albert Allen, have been
entered in the tennis tournament to repre
sent Woodland, to be held in Sacramento
durinsr carnival week.
CHICAGO UNIVERSITY
FIVE MILLIONS RICHER
John D. Rockefeller Duplicates I*arge
Contributions Obtained by Its
Officials.
CHICAGO. March 31.— The University of
Chicago is richer to-night by nearly
$5,000,000 than it has ever been before.
John D. Rockefeller has confirmed his gift
of $2,000,000 to the university and President
Harper, Secretary Goodspeed and the
trustees supplemented it with the an
nouncement of gifts in cash and lands re
ceived aggregating in value more than
$2,000,000.
It was a condition of Rockefeller's gift—
the latest of a series aggregating more
than $7,ooo.ooo— that before the university
received the same It duplicate the amount
with gifts secured through the efforts of
its officers and friends.
This duplication (equivalent to securing
for the university at least four millions)
was to have been completed by January 1,
1000: but at that time the university, on
its own behalf, was far short of the $2,000.
000. Rockefeller extended the time for
raising the needed sum three months, or
to April 1.
More than J2.P00.000 in good land, cash
and secured pledges was in the possession
of President Harper and the university
officers to-day, and the exact character of
the prize was wired to Rockefeller. He
instantly replied that his gift of $2,000,000
was now assured. Regarding his plans,
Dr. Harper said:
"Now we will build — build many new
structures Just as soon as work can start.
Every pledge we have received is good,
and our valuations on these pledges and
gifts have been low. Land we have ac
cepted only at its actual oash value."
Talking of some of the contributors to
the $2,000,000 fund. Dr. Goodspeed of the
university said:
"We have been careful not to mention
names because of the requests not to do
so. The trustees know, though, the name
of every giver. I can say that Marshall
Field's contribution was J135.000. and that
Mrs. BlaJne gave J27.000 and Mrs. Foster
$20,000."
The total endowment of the college Is
now 111 .000.000.
Cotton Now a Rear Admiral.
"WASHINGTON. March 31.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions: W. N. Chamberlain of Chicago, to
be Assistant Commissioner of Patents;
Captain C. S. Cotton, to be rear admiral
In the navy.
Passengers Perish in Flames.
VLADIKAVKAS. Caucassus. March 31.
A mail train collided with a freight train
near Alkhan Tchurt to-day. The petro
leum' tanks ignited and the engineers of
both trains, the postal clerks and many of
the passengers perished in the flames.
Prominent Lady Maccabee.
Mtp. Bina West of Huron. Mich., su
preme secretary of the Ladies of the Mac
cabees, an organization composed exclu
sively of women ar.d numbering at this
time more than $0,000 in tho United States.
ig to viElt this State during the latter part
of the current month. The local hives and
those of Osklard have appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a re. .-ption to tho
supreme officer in on>- of thf- larsr* 1 halls
in this city on the nicht of the 24th Inst.
During her stay In this State Mrs. West
will visit as many of the hives of the
order as her time will permit.
COURT NOTES.
The action by which Treasurer Krau?e
of the Tivoll sought to take his daughter
from the custody cf his divorced wife.
Stephanie Krause was dr-rided yesterday
by Judge S~aweM adversely to "the peti
tioner. Judge Seawell said that Mrs.
Krause took exceedingly good care of htr
daughter, and that he saw no reason for
changing her custody.
Death of William B. Godfrey.
ALAMEDA. March 31.— William B. God
frey, a well known horseman connected
with the California Jockey Club, died this
mornir.g of consumption at the homf of
his mother. 1401 St. Charles street. De
ceased was a native of New Jersey; aped
25 years. The funeral will be held to
morrow from the late residence at 2
o'clock.
Death of a Physician.
OAKLAND. March 31.-Dr. James L.
LeffingvelL. who for many years had
practiced medicine in this city, died s'j'l
denlv to-day at his home at 1063 Twenty
fifth avenoe. East Oakland. Dr. Leffing
we!l had been ailing for sorr.-? time, but
he would not allow a physician to be
called, preferring to prescribe for him
self. The ca_=«» has been reported to Cor
oner Mehrmann, who will hold an inquest.
Decea?«r-d wa.s a native of Connecticut.
where he was born Fixty-elcrht years ago.
He was divorced fr<~>m his wife, who now
resides In Santa Barbara.
M. M. ESTEE'S DAUGHTER
PASSES QUIETLY AWAY
Mrs. Mabel Everett Dies at San
Leandro After a Prolonged Ill
ness — Funeral To-X^orrow.
OAKLAND. March 31.— Mrs. Mabel Ev
erett, wife of Leonard Everett, an insur
ance man of San Francisco, and daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Morris M. Estee. died
early this 'morning at the Estudfllo
House in San I^ar.iirn, where she was
taken two months ago for her health.
About fix months ago. while singing to
p. party of friend* at her home in San
Francisco, Mrs. Everett was suddenly
stricken with hemorrlia,™" of the lungs,
and in spite of all medical aid she soon
developed a cas»> of quick consumption,
from ¦vrhioh she <lieil.
Mrs. Everett was borr. in San Francisco
twenty-four years aeo an>i was married
in 1837. A? Miss Mabel Estee she wa?
prominent in socinl circles both in San
Franc!=co nrA In Napa County.
The funeral will be heM in' San Fran
rifrr, on Monday. Rev. "vV. C. Shaw of
East Oakland, will ofn^iatf at the services
and the Interment will be private. Ue
fl'ics her pnrer.t." and husband Mr«. Ev
erett leaves a sister. Mrs. C. J. Deering.
tain cases where there was a keen rivalry
between the roads they had made him
special allowances, though this never
came in the form of what he called re
bates, but as additional mileage allow
ances. He could not remember any of the
roads which had made such allowances,
except the Clover Leaf Line, which had
been brought into the hearing by Presi
dent Naftzger of the Fruit Exchange.
Acting President Clements protested
against leaving this road to stand the
brunt of making- the allowances alone,
when the testimony showed that many
Eastern roads must have made similar
allowances. The name of no other road
was brought out.
The witness stated that his express line
has no term contracts with other roads
than the Santa Fe Pacific and the South
ern Pacific, the initial lines in the ship
ments of citrus fruit?, though he could
not be brought to state just what the
nature of contracts with other roads 1?.
The witness stated that for several
years he had not given his personal at
tention to the affairs of the fruit com
pany. In which he stated tljat he owns 45
per cent of the stock, because he Is giving
his time to the continental fruit express,
in which he said he owns 90 per cent of
the stock. Later he stated that his
knowledge of the actual working of the
express line was limited to the reports
submitted to htm by hi 3 employes, this
unfortunate combination of circumstances
preventing him answering many questions
propounded by the Commissioners and
the attorneys.
Value of the Cars.
The statement was made by him that
the cars cost him about $800 each in 1537.
are worth $S>~io each now and have an
average earning capacity of J^o per year
net. though he -could not tell what the
gross earning power of the care is.
He declared that the money which he
prevlou«lv paid out In rebates now re
mains In the treasury of the express line.
The charge had been repeatedly made
; by witness apralnst the Continental Ex
' press that that company has agents all
' over the country, who can report to the
¦ Earl Fruit Company the movements of
• car.s, and that that company has facili
j ties for learning the details of the bu«l
j ness of other shippers and sending fruit
¦ in ahead of Its competitors, by diversion,
! greatly to the damage of the latter. Mr.
I Earl was questioned regarding the rep
i resentatives of the Continental Fruit Ex
¦ press through the country and h*> stated
; that the express has men at about twenty
! Icing stations In different parts of the
' country, who look after all of the com
j pany's" cars passing those points, icins
or ventilating them and that each of the=e
j makes a daily report to the express com
¦ pany. He denied, however, that the Earl
j Fruit Company had any information re
i garding the movements of cars which
j other shippers did not have.
The railroad companies waived the right
to introduce witnesses as did also the
other car lines and with the reservation
i that all parties to the controversy have
! the right to submit to the commissioners
I depositions within thirty days the ques
! tion was submitted.
It was agreed by all parties that there
will be an argument before the full com
mission in Washington on June 5.
The. commissioners adjourned to meet
! in San Francisco on Monday, whence they
i will go to Portland. Seattle. Denver and
'¦¦ Omaha, returning to Washington about
i May L
Members of the Interstate Commerce Commission Who Come Here to Hear Arguments.
at the Palace. He is accompanied by his
daughter. Mr. Johnson says the Commis
sioners and all interested in the contest
will arrive from the south this evening
and will be ready to reopen the case here
on Monday mornin? <»s scheduled.
Earl Admits Giving Rebates.
LOS ANGELES. March 31.— F. T. Fay
of the Fay Fruit Company this morning
testified before the Interstate Commerce
Commission that in January last he
hauled oranses from Covina, on the
Southern Pacific line, to Azusa, on the
Santa Fe Railrcad. loading a car and ask
ing that it be sent to Chicago via the
Santa Fe. He was refused this privilege,
and E. Chambers, general freight agent
of the Santa Fe. was interviewed several
times, the latter Insisting that it would
be unfair to the Southern Pacific road for
the Santa Fe Company to accept fruit
which had been grown on the line of the
other road. He had telegraphic corre
spondence with President Ripley and Vice
President Morton at the time regarding
the arbitrary methods of the railroads,
and had thus been advised that Chambers
was fully conversant with the policy of
the Santa Fe managers.
The witness testified that he has re
ceived rebates from the three fruit car
lines doing business in California, both
¦when cars were refrigerated and when
they were not, the rebates ranging from
?10 to iM, the latter being for refrigerated
cars to the extreme East.
Samuel Westfall of Wcstfall Bros, said
that his company has had rebates for
several years from the car lines, and for
one short period they received a rebate
frcm K. Hosbury, livestock agent of the
Toledo. St. Louis and Western Ilailroad.
who paid him in drafts on a Toledo bank,
paying him In hand.
Leland Lyon of Ftedlands testified that
his company has received rebates from
fruit car line comsianies for orange ship
ment? and small rtrbates from Eastern
roads, particularly the Clover Leaf line.
He said that he had felt that the Earl
Fruit Company protits rrom the C. F. X.
car lino to such an extent that it is only
a question of timo wh'-n he or other ship
pers are driven from the fruit business.
Secretaries of a number of local fruit
exchanges testified that they have pro
tested againat C. F. X. cars, on the
ground that they did not to put their
affairs in the hands of a competitor, but
the railroads have forced them to use
the cars.
Earl on the Stand.
The afternoon session was taken up
particularly by testimony of E. Earl,
president of the Earl Fruit Company and
the Continental Fruit Exchange, his tes
timony closing the session in this city
and the case at issue.
Earl was Ted to admit that he has paid
rebates to the shippers of citrus fruits,
explaining the payments by saying that
there was litigation and keen rivalry be
tween the car lines and that it was neces
sary for him to make ihe payments to
pet the business. He was put through
rigid questioning by the Commissioners
as to the source from which the money
came which enabled him to pay the re
bates, and he stated that he received a
mileage generally from the Eastern roads
of three-quarters of a cent, and in cer-
During the Last Day's Session at Los Angeles Fruit Packer
Earl Admitted That He Gave Rebates
to Shippers.
PACIFIC COAST JOBBERS TO
FIGHT FOR THEIR RIGHTS
TO TEST CIVIL
SERVICE LAW
IN THE COURTS
flnciimbent Copyists Hold
finite 'Provisions Are Not
Woy:'k, Retroactive. .
Declines to Make
Requisition Immediately and
: '. : ' ;V.-' : : ;-Cp.Uiity Clerk Asks for
>• -z \ 2lore Time.
:^ y v-V' : > ! , \; >.'¦•¦ ".•'¦••¦ V ... >
: T-- r^ :¦? ;rvf-r?- Vi;k>lihood that the ci\-ll
. ; T'-' >- ;':? ;rver>-;:iikelihoo<3 that the civil
'¦ " ¦-: ' -¦¦.rrr-yis'V^ In the new charter will
.1 :;>a^:i.!>>^i-.y.:y.\t-hi? courts in order to dc
v • : : •• '¦'¦':* v:-\T.rr: -::t : . is. retroactive in its!
¦;¦*¦;; : ' . Th>vcej\yists in the County!
' --:-.>: ¦,- z :: ¦ -< r.'.v •- s rfSees will. Jt Is!
'• >"-: ¦¦'•: ". ' •--"=¦>'. tr.;u -.course should the j
; /¦*•-'/"-• ''-'¦:: .'.'/::> : :n>>;on seek to disr-os- ';
s - ' ~ t "• > ' ;¦ -:tior.s and replace !
*'¦¦ ¦'¦-:".¦¦_ •"•••. •,¦-::-:¦ •• v~- . - ; s~.f v! competitors !n
*• .-:-;¦' • -•¦_>.x; ; :;. .-;:-;. r.. ar.d Attorney
1 ' ; ;-; : ;•¦;>' " ••.i;*vlll ; ke. retained to pro- 1
'¦"-/¦ •¦¦;¦:.. ¦ ¦¦:. ; "i-' : ; " v r.^Vr-: ' 'Gpdchaux and i
«' ". •': •. "¦•: ' ¦ ¦':.'*. . :.l ¦-. Y~>:r • -wer.e n.:t!*ied by;
< :;->::v v.: ;r.v: rln-ihaitht- j.eriod of;
•¦ '¦ ¦ -" * »... a thPir copyists had'
t '•• . l.i . v sr.orior.M to
I"¦¦i¦' j .• ' "• . .: t : :- . iv.fi, -.cpns«.juently the j
• :. :; - . ¦-:. '¦•.. .'- :• ¦':' ¦-' ¦¦'••• r- <± •:¦ -:' '.r:. .-?. :.':¦::;
\v:t"MV,- ..-;¦¦::. ..^..•.- : .:-s. fro.m which ap
; '¦::¦'¦.'¦¦;¦. ¦-:.¦"¦'¦"¦. •'¦'¦¦:"¦:¦'¦¦ tF&>\v according to
' ' '.•¦'-¦•';'¦:¦¦-¦• r-';', : -".-'ii "¦¦>»;•¦ .r>- : :.:'-;-;.':;. " r> ¦;¦:• >t» ¦'.
t ¦ ¦ '-n; ,; >.- -.; ¦¦¦"rr . ¦-."• ¦ n lor ¦¦¦'." many copy
•S^.;,;.-> • . ; ; . " ?¦. .- [ --¦ ;i -. tU* ap;'Olnt- i
r.- .-¦"•- .¦¦¦¦.¦;¦..¦.¦!.¦¦-¦•¦•¦.:.¦¦:..:; ¦-• ¦-:•-. ¦-•— w.
T. '¦¦. . - :¦ , . -i • . ; . rr.'mission Re
'" ' '¦> \>: : -.- ;*:.>¦ r<-p'y,
;.• • . -.'' :.tlon to
:r v '- ¦¦¦¦¦ ' ¦ r '¦- ¦• r.at " he is not
:• V:V : ¦¦ ' : "r'. ; :' n - '".¦'¦¦•^: ' . -¦.• ' '. :>Vt : ;on.' and ¦will
: '-.¦/::-¦ :¦;- ,•¦,•;. ' . - . •¦;-'>.iys that the
y'- ::: .~ :.. ¦:¦:::¦:¦'- ¦'¦:?.¦'¦'¦¦'¦':¦.'¦'¦: '•"¦.; ::*r:n:t the B*^l
i : ' : ; ¦¦¦ .'¦,.¦ pij v . ; ; : : .' .'r'clVfks/- He In- j
-..¦¦¦- .:¦:•;>''•:: .__:¦_- <:\;?: 'Mr'. <i force the;
. •• ¦::::¦:-•-.-¦• :', • ' . ¦ Y-.V -^r. J7?iiv. He thinks j
'¦ .:•;-.-... .- - -. •. ":¦>¦. l^-en unduly j
: ?~:\ - - • -'-rrr, • f appoint- j
•-»••'•- • . ".at ;h»- copyists;
>¦ ;.; : : :;.-•:. ¦¦ ; : :.' '¦>•/: : ;-!/iSrve the full
J-'\"' ¦•: \« -' ¦."¦'.: '¦• ¦.¦¦-•: '•.¦¦-¦•.¦.'•"'-¦-¦'•¦••¦.• •¦" - ; ¦
T'-v- ¦¦¦• ~. -. -. ¦¦¦¦ '..<;•¦¦".¦¦ nAiit;s ftar.c may
Y. r . '" - " rrrit •:: ' f h:«= twen
tv-*r^- -¦.• • ¦¦- ¦'-. :,".v -v-uht ¦ passed the
txan'- • • r ¦ i {'i~" eligible list.
i ¦ ¦ ¦;'".i.'. :¦'¦¦--. : -;; :.--'•.-• ¦';«=¦ :.ir.i:<r.s: the,
f.-v| > : -':x '. .¦.¦; ;• . ;;- .• •_.:{-. ;. : -ven.tf Goo
. ¦¦.-. :;x"_- •¦¦..::-¦.:¦:..¦•. -; . -o ¦ ri.; p.-.in: oriy ;
v ¦ - : - : . • - '¦- ¦'¦¦• • -¦"'. -A'-.!/. V.. r.:v,f-vT,
:¦ r:v - •• ' : •-¦•! Ji<s:;.him it j
% . ¦ ' ¦:- : -:. > V: ; 7v-'.;V.'i::-. rry\;.y:-.fvyo nthjer.S !
c*j-.. ¦ ¦ — • -.:>¦...¦.•¦--:¦,.. -: ..'.. .«.. :i.i:.vs:. Eus-^ne
i-\:\ - ¦¦:¦--..'.¦: .•¦¦.•-.<¦•¦¦• •.¦•'¦¦:.«crav.;. The
•¦ • • • iV list .to
¦•;•¦',• •.> : : r\ ¦ *'-¦ .:¦".:.¦-• \ -• v i.i' 'a\ ¦ >'.milar '
-¦ ¦ ¦'¦'¦: ¦"'•':¦'¦/¦. '¦-'¦'¦ ¦¦'-.'¦ ¦¦¦.¦¦;;¦.'>.•¦•¦ W:::»^"".iie. : made t
. ..,..--> ¦?-¦¦,,•. v.rr^'-vap-l
r — • ¦¦.-.-• •¦..: .¦• - - .::¦¦ .-¦• - : - •¦• '¦¦-•.r; ¦¦¦ -forz-flve or
':••'. ¦•:> ''.'¦/. ':£i.:.'.. ¦ .- :¦¦ ¦ -¦" .¦-.'"¦¦•-- ;:rf ; ,;>ro ; b'a.?e (
• _- • - ;.;¦ • ••--:::- h'ar.'!- \
¦. ¦ .." :•• ¦::;¦:• ¦¦:¦¦..¦ -..-;¦¦ ;. -Vv. .:=.•;>":• •rernalns
to ib* firusiiVii:'- "~: ¦'-¦'¦ •¦'¦•'¦• ¦•-::-.::-.:>si..n pfanted j
him th« desired pernktsston and his trou- i
l\"< have been tbna delayed for ?. short!
titre. Dear.'- opposes the employment of j
v omi r. as cabprtet»-<wi the high pround of j
tsorailty for he belies *•? that somf> of the i
r"-ords*to be copied; especially in divorce j
• f« - are not tor the eyes of women, and i
:¦ .' ¦ tends to make a requisition for male !
¦ : -•- only. . : cne of the copyists in his j
.-¦ who "took the examination also I
filled to j>a=»-. while others are s=n far
down "tm the eUefble Bst that they will not i
1 . -• -¦ -• : until after all the sixteen posl
tJortfi are fiiled.
At a me<-tinz of the Ci\-il Service Com
f inr. yesterday the following rule was j
adopted:
That no arr-"a"t who rr.ay hereafter take '
er.y < lamination *ha".l h*> permitted to tak* j
grjv oth<?r until tix rnon'lis s^.a.! j
hay» fl*[wH frum th<" date of the eiiralm- I
T--n !r. which h^ »a* an *rr!i^«"t ar.d with- 1
¦ - rsri to his success or failure in that j
. eusaJßation. This ru>. however, doce r.ot |
uj% Iv to applicanis who t^ijc th? examination :
r' eopytat for the r^»cn that H h»«l not b^-n !
effts.t>!is=fc<?.l wh^n ih- exami nation for that j
(jostli r. . s\* *¦*¦'¦'. . . ¦
MRS. FINK SAYS
SHE PREVENTED
AN AWFUL CRIME
Declares That Her Husband
Threatened to Murder
Christie.
Young Son of the Waning Couple
Takes the Stand and Testifies
in Favor of His
Mother.
t
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Ills Broadway. March 31.
The atmosphere of Judge Hall's court
rm vnc ?irp<l a crivn^nn hup tn.rtav hv
tales of blood that might have been spilled
and wasn't. According- to the testimony
of the fair plaintiff in the divorce trial of
Pink vs. Fink the community has her to
thank for averting a murder. She was
put on the stnr.d to testify in rebuttal,
and declared that on one occasion her
husband had sworn he intended to search
for Ed Christie immediately ar.d kill him
to save the honor of his home.
"I told him if he went I was going.
too." said Mrs. Finlc "Tozether we
crossed the bay and saw Mr. Christie.
Explanations were so simple thai my hus
band was satisfied and we came* home
without the consummation of his deadly
threat. On this occasion he carried a.
knife."
On cross-examination the plaintiff de
r.ied that she had flourished a revolver
on this occasion, remarking with empha
sis that if she ha-J flourished a pistol she
woulii have used It.
Another feature of the case was the
testimony of A. W. Fink Jr.. the 17-year
old son of the couple, who with his sis
ter is ranged on his mother's side of the
sensational legal contest. He denied the
statement made yesterday on the stand by
Fir.k that Mrs. Fir.k had or.cc mot by ap
pointme-r.t a young man at the Orpheum
Theater. He said the mtetinc was en
tirely accidental.
The case was virtually concluded to
day, as J<"':sr« i Hall postponed further pro
ceedings until May 1. In order to permit a
transcript to be taken of the testimony.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, • SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
FAMOUS ARCHAEOLOGIST
OF BERKELEY MUSEUM
PROFESSOR ALFRED EMERSON.
the most celebrated archaeologist of
American birth, •who was sum
moned from Paris by Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst, is in frequent consultation with
her regarding- the excavations which are
to be undertaken in Greece to enrich the
museum of classical art and archaeology
which Mrs. Hearst proposes to establish
in Berkeley.
During the few -weeks which Professor
Emerson will spend In California the clas
sical scholars of the two universities are
making the most of the privilege of dis
cussing things Greek with him. He is also
to deliver a few lectures. On Saturday
evenings, beginning April 6. Dr. Emerson
will deliver a series of lectures at the San
Francisco Academy of Sciences on "Greek
Decorative and Pictorial Sculpture." The
lectures will be Illustrated by lantern
views, which have been bought especially
for this purpose. Dr. Emerson will also
lecture before the students at the univer
sity. He will deliver four lectures on
Greek vases at Hearst Hall and a series
of lectures on Greek sculpture at the Me
chanics' building. These, too. will be il
lustrated by lantern views. Professor Em
erson has things of the most fascinating:
Interest to tell regarding his experiences
in digging for the burled treasures of
Greek art. Few living men have enjoyed
so unique an experience as he.
Dr. Emerson is an archaeologist by de
liberate choice. He began his preparation
for -work at an early ape. spending two
years in Athens while still in his fens
that he might karn modern Greek. As a
result he sp^ak* the lar.srua.ee with a flu
enev equaled by few. If any. other Ameri
can pcholarsl Frof^sor Emerson might
be called a precursor of the American
school of classical studies in Athrn?.
which dates only from l^Sl. He studied
classical philology In Munich under the
famous Latin critic Karl Halm, and Yon
Christ the leading contemporary author
ity on ancient meter. He also studied
archaeology under the late Professor
Brur.n. at that time the formost German
archaeologist. He took hi? Ph. D. at the
University of Munich in ISBL
The professor has taugrht in several of
the leading universities of America. Includ
ing the Johns Hopkins University and
Cornell University. While at Correll he
organized a museum of classical archae
ology, which ranks as the largest and
richest university museum of this kind in
25
the United States. He has excavated a
Greek temple at Croton. Italy. lois<i^K
and boarding f^r months in a. lonely light
house; explore.! the North African »oun
try known to the ancients as the Cyren
aica. bravir.sr the disfavor of an old-style
Turkish pasha, and climbed Mount
Olympus with an rscort of Ottoman sol
diers.
But it Is in his connection with the
American School of Classical Studies at
Athens, as professor of'archaeolosy. and
hi? valuable work in the «-xcava;it>r.s at
Corinth daring the past, two years, that
have wedded Professor Emerson to the
work of exploration in classical !ar.d.-«.
Those excavations were planned ar.d the
money required by the Or*'; 'Government
a"" a guarantee was raiseJ vrh:!e President
Wheeler, of the University of California
was professor of Gre^k and comparative
philology in the American school at Ath
ens. He was. indeed, active in raisins th»
$13,000 necessary to secure tIM exclusive
control of excavations on the site of an
cient Corinth for the American school.
PROFESSOR ALFRED EMERSON.A for Morning p f^r A'Semoon.
•Daily. tSun>Ur exn>r>t*d. 1 8nnd»j only.
6 Saturday rn't ¦ : "
_m Tuesdays aad Fridays « Thursdays aod Soadaya.
! ULIPOSSIA NORTDITESTEKr ET. CO.
* LESSS3S3
iUM FRAMCISCO AVD NORTH PAQHI
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tl»ur»n F«rry. f»«t *f M«iX*t M.
BAN rnAN'CISCO TO BAIf RATASU
i 17KEK DATS— T:» »*«. 11:00 a. m.: tt.O,
»:«). 5:1». •:» p. n». TTntrwiAys— Extra trt»
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Bxtxa- trtpa at I.U
and n:3O p. m. .-..••¦••
SXJNDAT3-4.IXX **>. HH» a. m.j IM. I A
BAK RAV>nj TO BXS rRXSCOOCX
• 'VTBEK DAY3-«:l«l ?:». »:«X U:l9 a. a.; lfc«L
! 1:40. 5:10 p- m- Saturdays— Extra trio* at
I 1:55 and f:3) P. in. -
• BVNDATS-«:U »:?* Hfl» a. m.l ltH\ !:*•. Irtß.
! «:K v. a .-.¦¦
i Between 3*n Fraoclsco aad BchtMtxen P*r»
•ama scb^fai* ** abora.
Le»»* Arrtr»
Eaa Fr»ncl»co. la Effect Saa Fraaciscoh
1 Octob-r 15. 1 m
Week I Bun- 1S». Bun- I W««k
Days 1 days. Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 Jn S:CO ami Novato. 19:49 am) S:t)ini
! S:! 1 ?^! 9:33 ami Petaluma. »:0S E>tn,lO:tS tq
; (:l(Pm t:W pm| Santa Rom. I:tS pa| I:O pot
*~ Fulton.
fAam Windsor. 10:13 ta
H»*l *nbur».
Lytton.
Geyserville. .'.
S:» pm 8:00 am Ciovardala. T:JS ptn «:3 prsj
, 7:30 azn| IBopland and I I
| »:00 arn| Uklah. | T:M pn| «:3 pa
: T:3O am i 19:8 ana .
S:CO am Oaerncvtll*. T:35 pm
: »=» »° I «:tapra
1 7:» am! S :00 am Sonoma f:ls ami i:U> an»
! Ani i
5:1? pm! 5/00 pm Glen Elien. IOT pnrf t:U pn»
i T:3oam] 1:00 «.m| SebutopoL IWM^ am:iO:» aza
1:30 pci! S:W pm[ ( 7:33 pmj «:Cpta
Stages connect *t Santa Reea for Mark West
Eprlr.rs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Pprlrr-: at aeyserrni* for Skarr*-
Springs; at Clorenl*!* for the Oysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprlnra. Hlrfcland Springs.'
Kelseyvlllv. Carlsbad Springs. Poda Bay Lak«- '
port and Bartlctt Sprlnrs; «t Ukiah tor Vlcay
Spring, Baratcira Springs. Bla« Lakts. Lau«l
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lak«, Poraix
Patter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Ueri-y's.
Buckncll's. Sann»drln il-lghts. HullvUle Orr**
Hot Sprlnrs. Mendnclno City. Fort Bran.
: Weetport. Usal. Wlllltta. L&ytomrUKv Cunw
: mine's. Bell's Sprtngß. Harris, Olscn'a. Dyer.
' Bcotla and Eureka. '
[ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*.
1 dueed rates. .
! On Sunday rsund-trto tickets to all "potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
1 QtAt/fti Maaatsc Cta. fajsV AsttL. ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vln S.iusalito Ferry.
Commenclne October L 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILi. VAIXBt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— T:OO. »9:30. 11:00 a. m,: «l:4»; I
•3:40. 5:13. 6:00. 8:30 d. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San R*. I
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays, !
at 8:00 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDATS— "SiOO. »10:00, »11: M a. m.; n:IS,
8;15, •4:«5. C:SO. 9:<» p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAM RAFAEL. TO- B AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY - 5:25. •t:35. 7:45. n.tQ a. m.j !
•U:2O, 2:15, »3MO, •3:15 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneadayt and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00. *10:(». "11:45 a. m,j
•l:< 0. '3:15. 4:45. »6:SO D. m.
Trains marked «•) start from San Qaentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12 :&. 2:35, 3:45. S:JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at T:CO and 10:20 s. m.
ECNDATS— B:OB. 10:05 a. m.: 11:05. J:iS, 3:10,
»:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. Pftturdßys— Totnales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Bunday»— Tomales and way etattona.
TO Ci $1.00 BsrYear
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemi»he» are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohc*
building:, 1170 Market St.. cor. Taylor, rooms
23-23. with the electric needle without pain or
scar.' Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to « p.m.
Tb« greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by maklntr ths akin firm.
It renders the skin soft.
smooth, clear, white and i
youthful. It Is a liquid. *vs£&i^.
Any cream of the con- ,<Si i *«r4S?*k
¦Istency of butter will J>sS&!fi>*lJZ\
stimulate th« growth of J^|p*&^ffl>
hair on the fa'-p. 13rah- \»-AJ* r-*».ttr«sr -*».ttr«5
man Toilet Cream Is ! WSSS ~jf VBg
ruaranteed not to do so. : .Tr*A "JCKHSBP
Pr\ct 50c. Brahman Tooth s*^. <<>*8&J
Powder; rrlce Me. i^^T I ?^^^-^
All druggists^ and at it.^ > <M&f?SO»»* "?
office of A. W. TRAY- "" "^^s^B^sl^Bst*«.J
ERSE. M. D.
COAST JMTIMON inrnt.llUu^).
(Thlnl und TownseiiJ Sta.)
TWO=^!?Sg=TRAIHS
Knickerbocker
Monday
*j|/CUal Train From
f NEV/ YORK.
ST. LOUIS to ISffalo.
( CINCINNATI.
Via B'g Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
NO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOP AT NIAOARA FALLS.
White~City
Special m -
, CINCINNATI.
V WASHINGTON.
CHICAGO tO
I PHILADELPHIA.
v NEW YORK-
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
¦. . - •
/^=^vUIETL,Y and unostentatiously sod- '
]] tty Is Jopglnir along, happy in J
preparations for a brilliant Easter- ¦
i'i]h which is to Lring the season to '
a fitting close.
Miss Florence E. Ives gave a pleasant ,
• :.;• rtair.isent in honor of Mrs. Munn of '
New York, -who is now visiting this city. |
at the San Francisco Golf Club last I
Wednesday. She invited eight ladies to j
meet Mrs. Munn at a luncheon in the I
clubhouse, and lat*r a tournament for :
handsome prizes wa.s held. Those at table '
wrt Miss Florence E. Ives. Mrs. Munn. '.
Mrs. E. A. Belcher. Mrs. H-jgh J. Galla- <
Miss Car-« Crock en. Miss Alice Ha-
Sr. Miss Thexesfc Morgan. Miss Maud '
ullir-s and Mips Eteanor "Wood, and !
they all took part in the tournament, :
which m-as a medal-play handicap contest. ;
over IS boles. The prize for the bptt grosa
score was won by Miss Maud Muilii;*. j
who with Miss Crockett played scratch, j
The firfct handicap prize was wen by Miss
O'Conr.or. and Mrs. Belcher took the sec
ond handicap prize.
A reception wa« ri\-en on Saturday aft
ernoon. March 24. by Mrs. Jesse Edward
Godley ir.ee McMullint at her new home, i
ex 21'ls Pacific avenue. In honor of her j
cousin. MIfs Wilson of Philadelphia, who j
is now visiting her. Those who assisted
in receiving were Mrs. Frank Latham, !
Mrs. Grar;t Belfrklge. Miss Marguerite \
liender. Miss Cherry Bender, Mi.ss Jennie j
Uarwood. Mias Alysse Latham. M:s» '
Maud McOee. Mi«s Edr.a Robineon. Miss ¦
Jda Robir.p<;n. Miss Rickoff of Berkeley
and Miss Margaret Salisbury.
They're Engaged.
T^e^n^rageirrer.t is announced of Miss
Edythe iOtTOMM of San Francisco to Carl
Hsxttm'-'Pierc* of New York.
The .eiigaj^etnont Js ar.r.oune*^ of M!ss
Catherine Warfeld of Fru'.tvale and Mr.
L*tter K. Wells of Sa:i Francisco. The
¦weddir.g has b*-<?n set for April 24.
Th* encag ?nipr,t . of Miss Ros-» Schatz
end Mr. Emil Kohen Is announced.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. I. Finkelsrtln announce
that the marriage of their daujrht^r, Fan
nle.:.to Mr. N. J. Cohen wUl take place
Sunday, April S.
Miss Ivy Schot3er. daughter of Joseph
Sohoder. and Oscar C. Mueller will be
married In Los Argr*l<»s Thursday of this
wetk. The wadding will tp a very quiet
ftie, witnessed by lniinediate relatives
only.
Wedding Bells.
Miss Tlay Lewis wa? married on pun
day. March 2G. to Aibert Tr<[-ib*r at 6*>
Grove street, the home of the bride. Rev.
Dr. Nieto was the officiating minister.
The your.g couple went on a wedding trip
to the southern part of the State and on
their return will take up their residence
at XI Page street.
rjome Gctfjerirjgs
A party was tendered to M!ss Lyda
H^welcke on Saturday evening. March 24.
The «venlr.g was spent In dancir.g -ani
paniefi till the small hours of the morning.
HOME COMFORTS
A3! IMMENSE LIKE OF
FINE CARPETS, FURNITURE, ETC.,
AT
GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
Liberal Credit If desired.
Free Delivery to adjacent towns.
OPEN EVENINGS.
BRILLIANTS',
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Between Powell and Stockton Streets.
Emma Moore, Cassie Moore, Miss L.
Moore, Miss G. Montel, Eda Sewloh. Mol
|He Sewloh, Jessie Sass, Irena Burns,
! Ethel Burns, Maria Madison. Emily Fo
ley, Master Eddie Brennan. Lodie Harra
man. Ramie Fitzpatrick.
j Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Wolpman gave a
! farewell party on Friday evening, March
! 22, at their residence, in honor of Mr. and
j Mrs. F. Jansen and their son Conrad, who
' leave for Europe early In April. Those
| present were: Mrs. F. Jansen, Mr. and
] Mrs. Cllne, Mr. and Mrs. Adam Miller.
I Mr. ar.d Mrs. C. Diele. Mr. and Mrs. C.
Gebhardt, Mr. and Mrs. E. Darby, Mr.
I and Mrs. A. Schafer, Conrad Jansen,
1 Misses Meta and Lena Wolpman.
A birthday party, in honor of her
twelfth anniversary, was tendered to Mi?s
Grace Simmons by her aunt, Mrs. J. Hop
! kins, at her residence, 1329 Howard street.
I Those present were: Misses Grace Sim
mons, May and Lillie Hopkins, Garena
Helbart, Rose. Julia and Harry Siedkin.
Esther, Pauline and Rueben Rosenberg.
Blanche and Gerald Black. Ella. Anita
and Soph'.e Strinks, Jennie Harrison,
' Julia Hopkins, Jud. Frankol, Sophie
! Jacobwicz, Pauline Hodes, Hyman Cohen,
j Ethel and Nellie Jewell. Will and Albert
j Woodfleld, Katie Boyle and Eva Beatty.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Falkenstein celebrated
their fiftieth marriage anniversary on the
3"Hh of March, surrounded by their chil
dren, grandchildren and other relatives.
Sunday evening. March 25, Mr. and Mrs.
Regensburger celebrated the twenty-flfth
anniversary of their weddir.gr at their resi
dence, lZ>si Ellis street. The afternoon
and evening was spent with song and
dance until 11 p. m., when the guests par
took of a sumptuous repast. Mr. and
Mrs. Regensburger were the recipients of
many beautiful presents. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Regensburg
er. Miss Carrie. Edward and Joseph Reg
ensburger. Miss A. Bergler, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Hlrsch, Messrs. Ephraim. Mrs. E.
Ephralm, Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Bernard.
Mr. and Mrs. N. Loebner, E. Loebner,
Mr. and Mrs. N. Ikenberg, I. Ikenberg.
Mrs. A. J. Welner and daughter, Mrs.
Eachman, M. Levy, Miss B. Conn. Misses
T. and S. Steiner. Mrs. W. B. Goodfrlend,
George A. Smith, Miss Fannie Birch,
Daniel J. Barr, Bert S. Mullen, Miss Net
tie Conn. Miss T. Cohn, H. Cohn. L Jonas.
Miss Jonas, I. Michaels. J. Levy, J. S.
Levy, J. S. Gosliner, A. Jacoby, S. Rosen
thai, E. Levy, Mrs. H. Gosliner. J. Gos
liner, Misses L. and B. Llchenstein, N.
Newman. A. Hlrschfeld. Miss M. Walter.
A. Walter. Henry Llehtenstein, Mr. and
Mrs. Ralph Rosenthal. Albert S. Gold
smith. Miss M. yon Fenner, Phil Levy,
Arthur Frank, Miss L. Franks, Miss L.
Wiede. Miss E. Levy, Miss C. Hirsch
feld Miss Lily Wolff. Leon Israel. Miss
K. Jacoby, Miss K. Bersche, B. Meyer,
Miss Reed.
Club Parties.
The Sightseers' Outing Club were the
guests of Mrs. Schafer at hfr residence.
1120H Filbert street, Saturday evening,
March 17. There were recitations by Mrs.
Parollni, A. Cridge. F. Lynch and A. 11.
Sanborn, also musical selections by Miss
Wenzel, Miss Boden and Mrs. Schafer.
The evening ended pleasantly with a ban
quet.
The directorate of the D' Accord Club
had a most enjoyable theater party at
the California on the night of the 2!>th of
March. After witnessing the performance
of "Pudd'nhead Wilson." the party went
to the banquet hall of the California,
where an elaborate supper was served,
after which there were speeches by va
rious members and then songs and danc
ing. Those who participated in this en
joyable affair -were: Miss Hart, Mrs. J.
P. Whitney, Miss J. Boardraan, Miss T.
Crooks, Miss C. Campe, Miss A. Harder,
Miss Grace Buekmahn, Miss E. Becker,
Miss E. Meyer, Miss E. Hammersmith,
Miss T. Ohlandt. Miss E. Neubert, Miss
J Fratinger. Miss E. Westerfeld, Mrs.
P. Harder, Dr. A. J. Sylvester. J. P. Whit
ney. Waiter Harder, P. Westerfeld, Jo
seph Hayes, W. Wegleheur, Al Autr, E.
Groezinper, W. Hofman. A. Hammer
smith. W. Plagemann. Fred Autz, Harry
Gates*, E. Schroubstadter and H. Ekiund.
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club was de
lightfully entertained by the Misses Gam
bltz on Thursday evening at their home,
14CS Oak street. The early part of the
evening was spent In a spirited contest,
the first prizes being won by Oscar Frank
and Miss Hilda Kiefaber. After the
games dancing was enjoyed and an elab
orate supper served. Those present wore:
Miss F. Smith, William G. Lte. Miss Dl
Golder, A. Hinton, Miss S. Logan H.
H. Nlemeyer, Miss B. L. Gambitz. Judge
T. F. Dunn, Miss M. Tiedemann, O.
Frank. Miss L. Beauman, H. W. Morgan,
Miss E. Tiedemann. Dr. J. W. Likens,
Miss M. Getz, Dr. P. M. Burns. Miss G.
Glidden, W. B. Burner. Miss Faith Gam
bitz. M. J. Lindsay, Miss A. Vellguth, O.
Collischonn Mlsb H. Kiefaber, Dr. L. R.
Gambiti. ¦_
In the Future
The Fleur de LJs have postponed their
second dance from April 3 to April 17.
That well-known organization, the
Knights of the Red Branch, will hold
Its annual picnic at Shell Mound Park
on Sunday, May 6. The committee has
made all arrangements for a specially at
tractive outing.
The members of the Aldlne Club will
receive their friends at Union Square
Hall Tuesday evening next.
The regular monthly meeting of the Na
tive Sons of Vermont will be held on Fri
day evening, April 13, at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The following programme has been
prepared for the occasion: Overture,
Delleplane's orchestra: barytone solo.
"Noel" (A. Adam), Robert Lloyd; xylo
phone eolo with orchestral accompani
ment, J. Casad: recitation, scene from
"The Jewess" (Daley). Miss Evelyn Whit
ney; cornet solo, Fantasia Bobolink"
(Bishop). Professor C. H. Schaffner; so
prano solo, "The Holy City" (Adams).
Mrs. Yves Remynton Masteller; coon spe
cialties, by the Johnson family (colored),
late of the Tivoll. Dancing will conclude
the evening's entertainment.
A prize masquerade will be given by
the Society of Old Friends on Saturday
evening. April 14, In B'nal B'rlth Hall, 121
Eddy street.
Personals.
Captain N. Xicolson of the steamer Al
;1, who ha« been visiting his friends In
J. M. Schneider has returned from a
business trip to the East.
Mr. and Mrs. U E. Mosher are visjtlntr
San Francisco.
Mrs. Lv Wheat left San Francisco on
Saturday for a visit to China and Japan.
Mrs. J. B. Simpson has as her guest her
daughter. Mrs. J. M. Skinner of Ventura.
Mrs. \V. J. Hunsaker and daughters
have pone to the mountains for a few
tiRV S.
The Tuesday Evening Cotillon Club gave
the last of a series of live dances at Kra
mer's Hall on Tuesday evening.
Mrs. Albert H. Krutcher has returned
from a visit to her brother, J. C. Page
of Pomona.
Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Bartlett pave a box
party at tho Burbank» on Wednesday
evening in honor of Mr. Bartletfs birth
day anniversary.
The Rev. G. AY. Wadsworth entertained
the directors of Occidental College at din
ner on Thursday evening at his home on
Pasadena avenue.
Miss I>\. A. Sullivan of San Bernardino
Is visiting- friends In this city.
Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Koopfif and daughter
have gone to Mexico for a prolonged visit.
A. H. Fixen has returned from Arizona.
where he has been looking after mining
Interests for several months.
Mrs. J. M. Armstrong is visiting friends
In Riverside.
Mrs. Halnrs. mother of Miss Mary Van
Buren of the Frawley Company, Is In the
city.
Mrs. Ballington Booth, wife of General
Booth of the Salvation Army, arrived In
the city Thursday morning. She expects
to remain for several days.
Robert S. Allen of Pasadena has re
turned from a y^ar'a sojourn in Arizona.
E. R. Monk has pone to Arizona on bus
iness. He expects to be absent about
three weeks.
TV. F. Burbank has as his guest the
Hon. Guy C. Earl of Oakland.
Harry Henderson of West Eighteenth
street has as his guest his father, ex-
Judjre H. C. Henderson of lowa.
Miss Hattle Curran entertained the J.
U. B. Club on Saturday evening at her
home on South Main street.
Miss Mary A. Tong-ler. who has been
visiting friends In San Bernardino. ha 9 re
turned to the city.
Mrs. Anna Kdmlston la the g-uest of
friends in Riverside.
L. J. Small has left for the East, where
he expects to be gone for several weeks.
ADVEBTISEMESTS.
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
?
Special Inducements in Nottingham Curtains,
Purchased Previous to the Advance in Prices.
+ .
250 pairs of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, ecru and white, full size,
and nobby patterns, on sale at 61.25 per pair
350 pairs of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, ecru and white, in real
lace effects, on sa'e at $1.50 per pair
200 pairs of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, ecru and whit?, in hand-
some Renaissance designs, on sale at $1.75 per pair
- - -
250 pairs of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, ecru and white, in great
variety of patterns, on sale at 62.50 per pair
SPECIAL SIZE CURTAINS FOB ODD-SHAPED WINDOWS MADE TO ORDER
IN BATTENBERG OR ARABIAN LACES AT REASONABLE PRICES.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AMD PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SB. Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, San Pranci3co.
UNION SQUARE.
BATLBOAD TBAVEL.
One Week Only!
FOR CURLING-IRONS.
15c, 25c, 35c
ELEGANT 22INCH SWITCHES for $3,50.
Lederer's Qulntonlca . T * E popular hairdresser.
Hair TonJc 35c bottle. V 123 Stockton Street, S. p.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and aiost
iuxurlous train across the continent.
CoxuECTiN-o Tkaix Leaves Sax Fkascis»:
I P.H. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday arrivlnj In Chicago at J 2.li
MAVi^^SSf 1 wlth aU llmlud
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisct. at 5:30
EXPRESS p ' m * witl J Palace aod Tonrist
n All V %?¦* iOT Kan sa« City, SU Louis,
UAILY Chicago and East. ,
Local train* Wtween Stockton, VALLEY
SEE YOU IN San Franclsc* office. 673
'fRISCO SOON Market Street. Phene Main
jw ouwil 1S31; oakiani, XlWßroau.
c y .' ss * cra ™ e°*o.2ole °*o.201 J Street; Sin Jose, 7 West
cvanta Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via j*usalito Ferry.
Week Days » : jo a. m. and 1:49 p. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 »- m. and Xt4S p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all train*.
Fare— San Francisco to summit and Return.
|1 W.
I GUARANTEE
BEAUTY OF
FACE and
f _FORM.
J#S» Old Faces njadc
igSXK young— Amarvel-
SjgLS ous revelation to
N|^ Wonjen — hforoely
pH^ faces n>cdc beau-
X tiful — Bad corrj-
«" plexions njode
"" \-u P« r f e^t-SKin dis-
TgT. eases end blem-
— r--^ r sih 'sbes removed
and cured — SunK-
en cheeks filled out— Thin faces
mad« plump— Ficbby flesh roade
fjrrr.— TrjiO necK and bust devel-
oped iQto perfect beauty, and
every defect that roars beauty re-
n>oved or corrected.
Freckles and Wrinkles
Treated Free This Week.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Its Permanent Removal by the Elec-
' trie Needle Operation.
TRIAI POT Ladlw » o^ l °' town
1 l\lH.l^ r\J 1 sen-ling this ad. with
10 cents in stamps will receive a book of in-
etructl^rui and a box of Lola Mentex Creme and
Face Powder FREE.
Cora* this w»*k to teiy parlors anil see -sr»jat
I can do Tor yen.
mrs. Nettie" Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST.
. 40 Kid 42 (hzij Street, Sas Francises.
EXCLUSIVELY A LADIES'
MISSION LITERARY CLUB
An Organization, the Meetings of
Which Cannot Be Attended
by Men.
The Corona Club, a literary association
of ladies of the Mission district, which is
composed exclusively of ladies, with mem
bership limited to two hundred, at its last
held March meeting, in Mission Masonic
Temple, had a Browning session, at which
there were present as guests the presi
dents and officers of other clubs of ladies.
Mrs. Frank Dalton, the president, pre
sided, and as a preliminary there was
given a musical selection. cornet and piano
duet, by Miss Dalton and Miss Cole: Mrs.
L. R. Tuttle read a paper on Japan and
other countries, after which Miss Elvira
Hobbs entertained with Fflections on the
mandolin. Mrs. F. W. Foster gave a short
hlstbry of the Browning love letters and
references to their poems in their letters,
after which Mrs. H. N. Stevens, the cor
responding secretary, read selections from
the Browning love letters to show the
thread of the love story of the Brownings.
Then followed a sketch from the French
by Miss Corlett and Mrs. McKay, and the
programme closed with a piano recital by
Mrs. Leila France McDermott.
At the close of the meeting the members
of the club and their guests adjourned to
an adjoining hall, where they partook of a
collation.
One of the strict rulps of this very ex
clusively Adamless club, which has al
most reached the constitutional limit of
membership, is that no men can be in
vited or permitted to attend any of the
meetings. The club Is officered by Mrs.
Frank Dalton, president; Mrs. H. C. Bun
ker, first vice president; Mrs. E. I. Robin
son, second vice president; Miss F. V.
Meeker, recording secretary; Mrs. H. N.
Stevens, corresponding secretary; Mrs. E.
G. Dennlston, treasurer; Mrs. F. W. Fos
ter. Mrs. J. K. C. Hobbs, Mrs. TV. C.
Doane. Mrs. L. A. Sobey and Mrs. Ann
Little Barry, directors.
Among those present were: Miss L-yda
Hewelcke, George Odell, Miss Alice
Meagber. Ben Baker, Miss Grace Odeil.
Irving Kohr.ke, Miss Hazel Meyer, Bert
Heweicke.Miss Etne Young, Ed Hewelcke,
Mits Louise Derbannl. James J. Kane,
Miss Octavia Leathe, Charles Dowllng.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. W. O. Htwelcke and Mrs.
M. T. Hewelcke.
The return of Samuel Albert Keyston
from a five months' tour in Europe was
the <jccas:on of a very pleasant reception
at his home. 526 Capy street, on Tuesday
evening. March 2u. After greetings had
been exchanged between the long-absent
or.c and his many friends an excellent
programme was listened to in the taste
lully decorated parlors. In the garden
v/as arranged a radiant vista of Japanese
lantern «. tr.rough which the guests passed
on their way to a beautiful bower ot green
leaves and flowers interlaced with the na
tional colors, where supper wa* served
and where, with an original song, "For
He's a Jolly American," and a number cf
Kpeecnes. greetings were renewed, to
which Mr. Keyston responded briefly.
Patriotic tongs were sung, after which
the guests retired to the lawn and later
to tne parlors, where dancing wad In
dulged in. Among thope present were:
Mr. and Mrs. J. w. Keyston. Mr. and
Mrs. W. D. Keyston, Mrs. F. \V. Foster,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Bosshaxdt, Miss Carrie
Baker, Mr. and Mrs. George Theller, Mrs.
MePhun, Mrs. Davis, Misses Janey G.
Keyston, Antoinette Keyston. May Fos
ter. Lillian I. Moran, Agnes Blair. Janet
G. Morrison, Kthelwynne W. de Wlnton,
Efiif M. de Winton, Grace Savage, Gert
rude Artaur, Gertrude Bclton, Emma May
Conklln, Harriet E. Conklin, Alma Mc-
I'hun. Elsie Davidson, Messrs. J. \Y.
Kt-yston Jr., Elmer Bosshardt. Lewis
smith, Andrew Smith, Allan Moran, Dun
can M:ine, a John B. Blair, James C. Blair,
John Morrison, Harry C. Morris. Albert
Tt-rkelon, F. Gunnlson, Henry S. Bailey,
Herbert Arthur. Percy Peters Charles
Peters. Err.ll Peters, Harry Bosshardt,
G<--orf?!e and Freddy Keyston.
A i»a.rty was tendered to Miss Gertrude
M. Welter by her parents at their resi
dence. I*7o Union street, on Saturday even
ing, the i:4th inst. The first part of the
evening's entertainment was devoted to
the rendition of a musical and literary
programme in which many participated.
A few dances were '.hen indulged in, after
which the guests were invited into the
dining room, where a midnight supper
was served. Among those present we're*
Mr. and Mrs. H. Welcer. Miss Gertrude
M. Welcer. Miss Adele Himmelmann, Miss
Lulu Kar.e. Miss Emily Armstrong, Miss
Mac Merrill. Miss Freda Petter?en, Miss
Mac Stevensen; Miss Mac Ohlsen Miss
Pearl Wright. George Miller, R. Mcßir-
Dey, Alec Pettersen, Clarence Henry, Os
car Ohlsen. Thomas Lind, Charles dte
ven?c-:i, Rudolf Bluhm, Steve Tomey and
Joseph McKewen.
, A social was given by Martin Dlerssen at t
i the residence of his parents on Madison I
j street, in Oakland, on the evening of th«* i
1 2tth inst. The home was decorated !
I throughout with roses, mistletoe and ever- i
; greens. The f-arly part of the evening was '
pas.-cd in recitations by different guests i
: tollowed by a violin solo by T. F. Bliss' |
i piano duet by the Misses Sophia and '
j Bertha Winter of San Francisco; piano'
solos by Miss F. Eelby. Mies McNiece i
John Fiebcrllng. Charles Skinner and A.
SchaJTer; mandolin solo by Mr. King" >
vocal solo by T. A. Mooney, and a cake- :
walk by Miss Hesse and Miss Hennings
"VC. McMenemln and Miss N. Butler. At
11:39 o'clock supper was served.
Among those present were: Miss M.
McNiece. Miss Bertha "Winter, Mlsi M
Holland, Mips 8. Winter, Mis? Peier'
Miss Mulvey, Miss Graham, Miss Renton' I
j Miss Butler. Miss Ingler, Miss K*uth I
| Miss C. Hesse, Miss Darrah. Miss Car- j
I penfer. Miss McNiece, Mis=s Secord. Miss '
r S'olen. Mlfs Carpenter, Miss Kiejre Miss •.
: Harley. Miss Doolir.g. Miss ITes.oe, Miss !
I Hennings, Miss H. Mante, Mlps T. Haines i
j Miss L. Aikens. Miss Baird. Mirs \V»Mer-
Bon. Miss P. Selby, Miss M. Spencer. Miss
IM. Cochrane. Miss Alice Fiege Mr and
1 Mrs. Ray Kieth, Mr. and Mrs. Diersson
! Mr. and Mrs. John Fieberling, Mr. and
: Mrs. P. Fieberling. Mr. and Mrs. Ilen
i nlngs, Miss Barrett, T. A. Mooney, H.
| Kattenhorn. George A. Flick, Mr. Buck
| ingham, H. Renton, Mr. Renton Sr., Mr
I Hamlin, Mr. GarribaJth, Mr. Frest A
i Butler. P. Butler, Mr. Kieth. Mr. Bern- i
I hart. Martin Dierssen, A. Lehre, Mr. Me- !
i Ginnis. F. Hennings, Master H. Hen
| nings, W. McMen^min, Charles Fleber- !
| lir.g, R. Kelley, W. Gray. A. Cordes. C.
1 Skinner. J. Blisp, T. F. Bliss. Mr. Miles,
j Mr. King, Master Walter Flege. C. Matt
Ramirez, A. Lehre, Lester Coghlan, C.
Darrah. Cornelius Sheehan, F. Galla
gher sr., F. Gallagher Jr., Mr. Cochrane,
A. Scha-fTer, B. T. Mcßaln. 11. Hennlngs
and Mr. Cunningham.
A farewell luncheon was tendered Mr
and Mrs. Price Cross of Dallas, Texas by
their brother, Dr. Charles V. Cross on
Sunday last. Present were: Dr. J. Mora
Moss and wife, Dr. J. Wilson Shiels and
wife. Mrs. E. H. Strong, Mr. and Mr*
Noyes of Oakland. Miss Froelich. Miss
Bartlett. Miss Noyes, Captain J. O. Doud
C. A. Kelley and Dr. Cross. Mr. and Mrs.
Cross left for the southern Dart of thi
State Monday evening.
An Icecream party was given to Miss
Be Be Barry, last Wednesday, at her
j grandmother's residence. 1017 Alabama
street, in honor of the third anniversary
of her birthday. The little hostess waa the
recipient of many pretty presents. Among
those present were: Mrs. T. A. Mahoney,
Sirs.' Kd Barry. Mrs. Frank Brennan,
Mrs. J. Hayes, Mrs. T. Riley. Mrs. R. Mo
tel. Mrs. J. FlUpatrick, Miss A. Moore,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HBWI ¦< PACIFIC C«XPAXT.
(TActno «Tsrm.)
TralM IMts «»n.l are da« »• »rrl»» «•
NA> Fit A \«I1»O.
(Main Line. Foot or llarkes Street.)
LSATS — FBOM Px»r.CAET 33, IXd — AKXITB
*7KK>a Bedds, Solsns, Elalra, Vaciri^a,
Ennuey anil baer^aaento. j^^ . . . . . *7»*a^
•7KH>a ShMta Eiprcss—DaTia, WCow^
E»l El-j4 PortUnd •7143*
•7»3©a Martinez. SaaKamon,Vai>}a. N^pa.
CalittfraamtSani»Bo«a.. »«iiar
•SiSOa ThoOTerlandliTlted— Ogslsn, Den-
ier. Oa%th. Cticaf) »3i13»
•«i3«a San Joi«>. Li»eracre, Stockton. ' :: .•
Inna. Sacramento. FlaeerrlUa,
Mirri*llle. Cbico. l:e.tr.tuff *«il»p
UiSOt 'MKton. OakdaJr, hoscrx, Cartera.. •t:lsp
•J:0O» Hiywartis, Mitsacd Way Stations. •!!»<»*
•0:00 a DiTi.o. Woodland. Kd.h:i Laodls;.
MarjtTi!:* OritUls. •7H3F
• 9:0O* Atlantic r.trrsss— Ojdea and East »V»i-C3*.
•9:OUa Mar.in^t, Tracy. Latarop. Stockton.
M^re^ «l and Fresno »iaiia»
• »i»o» Perl Cost*. F refio. Mo.'sn aixl 1^»
.Ir:c»j-« I*43*
• I»:O<U Vallcj'o, Marilnes anl Way Stations ••i 43»
•11:OOa Niks, LlTeracM. Stockton. Sacra-
erato. Mendota, Ilanfor J. ViiaUa,
PcnerrlUe «4)tl3r
•1 S:OAm Hayvu-da. Kiles and Way Statical. It*3r
tl:WOr SAcra^j»nto l:iterSf««i>iers t'i*Of
*3:OOr Hayiririia, N ;>» acd Way Buticns. ¦3i43p
••l;O«r Martiuex. f<*i» n*mon, Va!!e]o.
K»r». Cslistog*. fiauU Ho** •¦!!«*
• l:«o r Bealda, Yaoarillo, Hacrawtnto.
Woo<llan<l. Knl.-hts landing.
Mary3*U>(>. 4>«tII!» ••»:4»4
•4sSOr TtVea. Saa J-xwandStxktoa «7i13»
•SiVOrTh" Orrl Limi^d— Tracy. Fresno.
Baktnflel.l. fcauf-a for B*nt* i:ai>-
bara. L..-» Anzt\*n *l»H3a
adtOOr Surset LJz.ited— El Paso. New Or-
l:.v»»=l Ei*t el«:4aa
*.t:3Or Stockton. Mnfcl. rwno ?I»il3»
•saurrisi<ii>, l;»<";i"r 1 '¦¦ivrjCii- in,
I.- j Xvr-'r*. Iteming, LI I'ajo,
NevOrlrr.iis and Fist *St4.l*
•siSOr Hanta Fa Itnule— A t'ai.tio Express
for Mojatt aa.t t.**t *«t!3p
•Bs«w> r n»»»»r.l*, S;>if..l.s»n Joaa *T»aa«
tC:3or Vsvliejo MSilSr
•6>3ur On'enUl Mail— Og-en, Ch*yence.
Oaaaa, Caic*r> •#»«*
•fi*Sop Orieat»l Mail— Osien, DenT«r.
Omaia, Chlcaco. M:l3f
t7:OOr Tallr J<\ Pert Cost* and Way rota-
tion* t*»33r
•SrOJr Oregon and C»I!? r-ii LU|>r«m.Sad.
r.».ii'<i'.). *I»rjj»!i «, l!v<l.)ln|r,
rwt:«n.i. rn t .i h..,..,.i m,,» r*»t »*iiaa,
COASt DIVIMOt (NtrronCange).
(Footf.f 11->rkct Street.)
THIRD CONCERT
OF PADEREWSKI
The attendance and enthusiasm at the
Pederewski concerts are growing percep
tibly, and the pianist was more cordially
received than ever by a large audience at
the California Theater Friday afternoon.
The programme btgan with a prelude
and fugue (Bach-Liszt), to which the
player brought the dependable qualities of
superior musicianship. One of the most
melodious and unhackneyed sonatas of
Beethoven (Op. 31, No. 2) followed, after
which Mr. Paderewski attacked the gi
gantic Schuman, "Carnival." a composi
tion that tests severely the physical and
mental powers of the performer. It was
given a reading full of originality and in
terest, although I was disappointed In the
climax, the march of the Davidsbuendler,
which was not given the musical breadth
that Saver put into it.
The Chopin fantasia, F minor, op. 43
was brilliantly executed, and in the fa
miliar "Raindrop" preluile Paderewakl ex
hibited a fine ?ense of light and shade,
giving a new interest to the composition.
In the C sharp minor valse he played with
the utmost dexterity and a pianissimo
finer than usual, but In this and the Valse
Brilliante, which he gave for encore, as
well as the mazurka which followed, he
missed the e.iijulsite dance rhythm of Do
Pachmann, whom I regard as the superior
to Paderewski in that quality alone.
The Chopin scherzo, C sharp minor, op.
20, was almost a feature, so charmingly
was it played, the artist's treatment of the
gracious melody toward the close of this
number being most effective. After the
A minor barcarrclle of Rubinstein, Pader
ewski gave his own popular minuet with
f mbelllshmcnt?. and closed the pro
gramme with IJFzt's "Twelfth Hungarian
Rhapsodle" with his accustomed bril
liance. The last Paderewski concert will
take place at the California Theater on
Monday afternoon next at 2:30 o'clock.
PORTER GARNETT.
East&r cards now ready for malting to
Eastern friends. Sanborn, Vail & Co., "41
Market street. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL, 1, 1000.
this city, left Saturday for Seattle to re
sume command of his vessel.
Mrs. Leib of 60S Post street is convales
cing after a serious illness.
Mrs. Albert Friedlander will be at home
the second and fourth Tuesdays of the
month at 215 Stelner street.
Mr. and Mrs. James Mullin have Just re
turned from Chicago, where they have
be«»n visiting- their daughters, Mrs. t .
Wilson Pillsbury and Mrs. J. Burton
Pinkham. They are at present visiting
their son, George A. Mullin, on Broderick
street.
L C. Pistolesl. accompanied by his wife,
has left for Portland. They will also
visit Olympla and Seattle, Wash., before
returning home.
Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Levy (nee
Schoenfeld) have returned from their
wedding trip and will receive at their
home. 145 Hayes street, Sunday, April 1.
from 2 to 5. :»".- S '•
Miss Rose Coblentz and Miss Belle
Brandenstein are at present visiting Mrs.
Al Frankenau at her home- In Sanger,
Fresno County.
Mrs. Charles J. Nougues and her sis
ter. Mrs. Norbert C. Babin, will discon
tinue their day at home until after May 1,
when they will receive their friends at
Rudder Grange, Belvedere, until Novem
ber.
Mrs. L. Kahn of 2<H3 Bryant avenue, has
discontinued the first Monday of the
month and will be home on the fourth
Monday of the month only.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius "\ an Vllet have
taken apartments at ICOS Van Ness
avenue. .Mrs. Van Vliet will be at home
Wednesdays, also on Sunday, the 15th of
April, prior to her departure for Europe.
Mrs. Louis Rothenberg. formerly of
Oakland, will be at home on the first
Wednesday of each month at 2421 Wash
ington street.
Dr. Thomas I. James has returned from
his trip to Canada and New York.
Mrs. C. A. Welsenbach and daughter, of
Chicago, are here on a visit and are stop
ping with Mrs. J. Block, 1279 Eddy
street.
Mrs. J. E. Hopkins. Miss Mabel Hopkins
and Mrs. William Beckman. all of this
city, have spent most of the winter in
Cairo. Egypt. They will soon leave Cairo
on a protracted tour of the Holy Land.
Constantinople and Greece, stoprv? on
their way home at the Paris exposition.
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Thoma have re
turned from New York and are at their
home, 1273 Ellis street..
Dr. Kirkhajn and wife, late of Chicago,
after a few months' EOjourn in the south
ern part of the State, have returned to
the city for a short visit before returning
East. .-
Cantor E. J. Stark and family have re
turned to the Martinet Hotel, southeast
corner of Van Ness avenue and Geary
street. Mr. Stark will leave for the East
Saturday evening, Aoril 14. and will be
pleased to see his friends Sunday. April
8, and Saturday. April 14, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Mr. and Mrs Morton L. Cook on the Ist
cf April will take up their residence in
San RaTael for the summer. When they
return in the fall they will occupy their
own home, now being" built at the north
east corner of Page and Central avenues.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Brooks have re
moved to Hotel Grenada, prior to their
departure for Europe April 5. At home
Monday.
Mrs. M. G. Jonas has moved from the
Hotel Mlramar to 1133 Geary street, and
will be at home the first Monday In the
month.
Mrs. L. Kuhn of Marysvllle is in the
city on a visit to her mother, Mrs. R.
Brown.
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Kahn have gone
to Alameda for the summer.
Mrs. M. Meyer and daughter have dis
continued their day at home.
The following Califorr.ians sailed for
Europe on the Hamburg- American line
stc-amshlp Graf Wa'.dersee from New
York on March 31: Jacob Schlosser, Mrs.
G. A. Ely, Miss Dorothy Ely Mrs. S. C.
Jordan, Lorenz Hellmer, Mrs. Lorenz
Hellmer. Thomas F. Hearn. Mrs. Thomas
F. Hearn, Master Charles H. Hearn, Miss
Marion Hearn. Miss Marion Brodle. John
P. Peters. C. Drewes, Mrs. C. Drewes,
Master Willie Drt-wes, Miss Marie Som
mer. Mrs. Emily Steinegger. Master Lau
rie Steinegger, Miss Henrlette Steinegger.
Mrs. J. D. Langhorne, Master Herbert
Langhorne, Master John Langhorne, Miss
Zeta Langhorne, Mrs. Charles E. Ebor
hard. Mips E. Llmlegaard, Mrs. Emily
Rosenberg. Miss LilHe Rosenberg. Master
Siegfried Rosenberg. Mrs. William Hohn
emann, Master Charles Hohnemann. Miss
Emily Hohnemann. J. Carey. G. E. Linde
mann. Mrs. G. E. Lindemann, Master
Carl Lindemann. Emil Meyer, C. Peter
sen. Peter R. Hansen, Master Clarence
and Master Hans Hansen.
Los Angeles
Mrs. Ralph Hagan entertained at lunch
eon Monday In honor of her aunt, Mrs.
Hulda Miller of Albany, Or., who Is vis
iting her. Those Invited to meet Mrs. Mil
ler were: Mrs. Martin Hagan, Mrs.
George Dixon, Mrs. Robert Holmes, Mrs.
Ellen Lacy. Mrs. George Smith and Miss
Maud Boynton.
Mrs. Howard M. Sale, entertained a
party of friends at her summer home.
"loiesales," Terminal Island, on Tuesday.
Following Is a list of her guests: Mr 3.
"Bundren of Emporla, Kans., Mrs. J. T.
Jones, Mrs. Adolphus Flxen, Mrs. Lamed
of Wilkesbarre, Pa., Mrs. Taylor of Ra
cine, Wis., Mrs. Norman of St. Joseph,
Mo., Mrs. W. W. Never, Mrs. Florence
Scarborough, Mrs. Noyes and Miss Taylor
of Racine. Wis.
The Ebell Club gave a reception on
Wednesday afternoon to Mies Harriet E.
Taylor, national secretary of the Young
Woman's Christian Association. A musi
cal programme in charge of Mrs. Grace
Henderaon-Mathewson, assisted by Miss
Mary O'Connor and Miss Shanahan, was
rendered during the afternoon. The fol-
I lowing ladles assisted in receiving: Mrs.
S L-. W. Blinn, Mrs. C. N. Flint, Mrs. G.
i Aubrey Davisson, Mrs. Sumner P. Hunt,
Mrs. T. T. Knight, Mrs. A. L. L>anskin.
Mrs. S. J. Parsons, Mrs. J. B. Millard and
Miss Frances M. Morris, of the Ebell;
i Mrs. Z. D. Mathus. Mrs. Frank Dewey,
Mrs. W. C. Patterson, Dr. Rose Bullaro.
and Miss Cora L,. Tatham of the associa
tion.
Mrs. George E. Sonarlndyck is visiting
her brother. Hon. O. Z. Hubtxrl of Ontario.
Mr. and Mrs. George J. Cochran enter
tained in honor of the faculty of the Col
i lege of Liberal Arts, University of South
ern California, at their home on South
Figueroa street on Tuesday evening. The
following Is a list of the Invited gueats:
• Dean and Mrs. George Cochran, Profes
j sor and Mrs. A. \V. Tiannister, Professor
t anil Mrs. L. J. Stahles. Professor and Mrs.
] O. P. Phillips, Professor and Mrs. J. H.
¦ Cole, Professor and Mrs. J. 11. Hoose, Pro-
I fessor and Mrs. W. F. Skeel, Professor
I and Mrs. F. A. Bacon, Professor and Mrs.
j J. M. Roberts, Rev. and Mrs. G. F. Bo
vard. Rev. and Mrs. A. M. Hough, Rev.
and Mrs. F. M. Larkin. Mr. and Mrs. Gall
I B. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Wallace.
Rev. and Mrs. E. A. Healy, Professor and
Mrs. F. M. Parker. Mr. and Mrs. E. A.
1 Pomeroy, Miss Judson, Miss Cochran,
Miss Kennedy, Miss Tilde. Miss Cook,
Rev. E. 5. Chase and Stanley McClung.
Mr. and Mr 3. Ferd K. Rule entertained
Informally at dinner Friday evening at
their home on West Washington street.
Following is a list of guests: Mr. and
Mrs. Charles F. Walton, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles F. Sloan. Mr. and Mrs. Frarrk J.
Thomas, lime. Genevra Johnatone-Blshop
and P. C. Gay.
Mr. and Mrs. John Duncan Dunn (nee
Wilshlre) have gone to New York, where
: they will reside In future.
Mrs. J. Crossley Nellson has gona to
England, where she was called by the se
rious Illness of her mother, Mrs. J. H. i
Walker of Liverpool.
Mr. and Mrs. E. R, Pirtle of Huntsville,
Ala., are guests of Mr. Pirtle's father. Dr.
J. M. Pirtle.
Colonel Theodore C. Marceau has re
turned to the city after a nine months'
visit to New York.
J. M. Johnson has gone to New York on
business.
RAIXROAD TBAVEL.
•<»tl.'»A»w«-lc.«.>T>terti:!e..'Jaq.lo«e,Ff!ton,
Coit'derCirek.^aniaCmsaadWay
dtations *3i»»»
t»tl»r Newark, CeoterTllla, Ban Jos«, Uew
Alraade?, Ftlton, Itonlder Creek,
Santa rr.n and l'riodpU Way
Bt»tl'>n« tKMtAa
•l:l.>y«vi. San Joae, Lcs Gatoa 1H204
!>11:4.1r Hnn'eTS* Excursion. Ban Joae and
IVayStarlors S?s9«p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
VtsSlX fJiSaSCO— f»t *( Hirk«t Str*«t(S:i?B>— •¦
•7:13 900 II^OA.M. t1:55 •SiM t*c»
•i:CC KM *Z:ZZr.X.
'rsoCilUSa— r«»t •rjr«»i»iT.— 'fl^XJ 8K» !OMt.S.
lU.-M •!::: t2.:J ;3:C3; 3:C3 tt:C3 'Z.:Zr.».
t«iilWA»>ce»:i View. Smith Man Vnndxo.. »«»>3»«r
•7:4M»* San Jo«« »•¦• l \7.-iy huU.m* (X««
Altaa4«i WeJnn<!ajsc:;ly) •1«1»F
•9:OO» Haji Jo»«. Trc* Vh-.im, H.mta Cnt*.
raeldo tiroT*. I"i» > I'oblea, Saa
l.nis < <!. ;.<i-. i. ftnrf, Lompoc aud '¦ - '
rrlneipnl Tl'ay Statlnns *41ll*r
•IO:H»A San.lo^di,,: Way MUtions •«sAI4
•I l::ii>» San J. •• sn.t TVay Htktioiis *3<3Or
fJi Jsf San Matr<\ Itnlwoori, MttUo Park,
Talo Alto. Kantatnara. Ban Jos*
Tres Fl=o«. Hanta Cm?. Sallaaa.
Monterey ami I'aeir.o Grovs tI4hS«A
ttt:!»»r San Jose aiul Way Stations •7:3»F
tlil.Tr San Jooeami Principal Way S tat too ¦ •5»!43\,
tS:OOp s*n Joso and Principal VT»y Su:Jocs ?9:O«4.
•5:3O» 3au Joso ami Prineifal Waj Sutious *»tS3a
*li:Sl>p S»a Joae an<t Way Stations «*iOO*.
UI-.4.->r San JrsaaitJ Way Sta-.ion* T»3Or
26
SOCIETYCOURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TO-DAY!
16 CHAMPIONS
AND OPEN STAKE.
CHAMPIONS!
Bohe vs. Young America.
Kid McCoy vs. Golden Rule.
Whitehead vs. Tea Rose.
Theron vs. Spiteful.
Mamie Pleasant vs. St. Oran.
Fapita vs. Overture.
Master Claire vs. Flora Mac Donald.
Connemara vs. St. Helen.
TO-DAY!
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
Mission-Street Electric Cars Direct to
the Gates.
RACING! RAC[NG! RACING!
1900-CALIFORNU JOCKEY CLUB-1900
MARCH M to APRIL 7, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 ra. and
«:SO. 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 1 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to taa
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
files and their escorts; no snckln*. Buy your
xerry tickets to Shell Mcubil. All trains »ia
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all tralna via Alameda mole con*
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:4» p. in. and Imnx^diately after the last net.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President. ¦
R. B. MILROT. Stcretarr.
BASEBALL!
GRAXD OPENING OP THE
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE SEASON OF 1300.
...THIS, SUNDAY, AFTERNOON...
At 2:SO O'clock.
SAN FRANCISCO
— vs. —
OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION— 2S CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
THE WORLD'S GREATEST PIAXIST.
EXTIRE CHAXGE OF PROGRAMME.
SEVERAL ORIGINAL. NUMBERS.
R**ervea Seats. *1 50. J2. J3. J».
STEIXWAY PIAXO USED.
Week Commencing SUKDAT, MATTXEB,
A:>ril Ist.
A NEW BILL, AND ALL OK THE BEST.
WILL C NELLIE
MATHEWStHARRIS
In Will M. Creasy" s Farcical Creation. "ADAM
THE SECOND."
Harry COGILL^ARLEAMaj
Presenting- an Oricrinal Musical Comedy. "A
WARM LUNCH."
VASHTI LULU
EARLE and SHEPHERD
The American Oirls Who Made the Season's
Hit In London.
....CARRIE BEHR....
Tfce Beautiful Character Artiste and Descrip-
tive Vocalist.
KENO, WELCH AND MELROSE
Comedy Acrobats.
LONEY A KELL
Dialect Comedian.
W. C. FIELDS
Last Week of the Funniest Juggler.
....A. L. GUILLE....
The Famous Tenor, in New Selections.
CHA RLES S WEET
The Dark-Lantern Humorist, Who Gets Many
Tones From One Voice and One Piano.
MATINFT: TO-DAY (SUXDAT). Arrll Ist.
Parquet. 15 cent«, any seat: balcony.lo cents;
children, 10 cent?, any rail.
A few front orchestra rows reserved. 50 cents;
front rows of balcony, reserved. 25 cents.
tleman. MessnsT^lealy. Kidd, Hastings
and Bunting have arranged a fine pro
gramme. In which the following named
will take part: F. Pinday. tenor; Pro
fessor Keane. sleight-of-hand perform
ances; Miss Millie Flynn, soprano; Pro
fessor Walther, violin solo; Harry "Wood
Brown, barytone. There will also be a
farce and instrumental music.
B'ne B'rith.
To-morrow night there will be an ex
traordinary event in the hall of Columbia
Lodge of the Independent Order of B'ne
B'rith. Six members of that lodge will
each present one of his sons for initia
tion, something that has never before oc
curred in that or ar.y other fraternal
order In this city. It is stated that the
six fathers will be asked to fill the several
stations during the initiation of these can
didates and induct them into the mys
teries of the order. The adoption of
these young- men into the order will
change the relation in each case, for
father and son will become brothers.
The Junior Order.
U. S. Grant Council of the Junior Order
of United American Mechanics was some
what astonished during the recent session
of the State Council to discover that Its
team did not carry away the trophy. The
members had drilled until they were of
the opinion that they were perfect. Dur
ing the competition the guard work was
undoubtedly the best from the manner in
which it was applauded, but, unfortunate
ly, this team was at fault in some points
of the ritualistic work, and Unity Council
of San Jose having excelled, got away
with the trophy. After the competition it
was announced that Dr. Derrick of Custer
Council had offered a trophy, to cost $25.
to be competed for at the next session of
the State Council.
The National Aid.
The quarterly Boclal of Sunflower Lodge
of the National Aid Association, given In
the social hall of the Shiels building on
the 29th of last month, was well attended
and there was an enjoyable programme of
entertainment and dances, the numbers
and dances being Interspersed. Mrs, Dr.
Clark favored with a recitation. Master
Perry Clark sang a juvenile song, M. Bar
rett gave a tenor solo. Professor Johnson
performed a number of cabinet tricks and
Mrs. J. Byrnes gave an exhibition of mind
reading. Organizer Garrett was the di
rector of entertainment. The various
numbers were well received, as they
proved entertaining. This lodge, which is
quite young, is advancing, not rapidly,
but surely. During the evening G. W.
Averill delivered an interesting address.
Co-operative Brotherhood.
The meeting of the Co-operative Broth
erhood of Burley. Wash., on last Tuesday
night was largely attended. Scottish
Hall. In which it was held, was crowded
to Its limit, many persons being unable
to find sitting accommodations. Mr.
Dewey, representative of the United
States Labor Bureau, delivered an inter
esting- address that was listened to with
marked attention. During the evening
there was a great deal of Inquiry con
cerning the order and Its principles.
Garfield Relief Corps.
Garfleld Relief Corps No. 21 has made
arrangements to give a "Flower Social"
on the night of next Saturday In the. so
cial hall of the Alcazar building. The
committee In charge has prepared a good
programme for the evening.
DTSTTOXII7C *"° R BARBERS, BAK-
ijriU OllJuO *" bootblack*, rath-
******** - house*, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinder*. c«ndy-oaker». canner*.
dyers, flour mills, loar.drles, laundrlea. paper-
bangcra. printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen. tar-roofeT», tanners, tailors, etc
BUCUAMA.H BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
Tim Bartlet. Edly street, r.ear Jones— Key.
E. A. Woods.
Harr-llt'cn e<z"zr» Eart'.st. Post street, near
Ste!n»r — Rev. W. C Jenkins.
Emrr.anuel Baptist. Eart'.e-.t street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. Gesrge Gibson.
St. Ifc-natlu*, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
£t Man's Cathedral. Van Ness aver.ue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender-
St Mary's, ccmer California and Dupont
•treets— PaulUt Fathers.
¦ ..
O::v*t Ccnpr^gationeJ. Seventeenth and
No* street*— liev. H. T. Shepard.
XUcbnoaft Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue, asd Clement street— Rev. Philip
Cooinbe.
Third OcrrroE&tlonal. Fifteenth street, b*
m-een Valencia and Mission— Rev. Dr.
Bayley.
First Cor. precs ticnfil, corner Pc?t and ila
•or. streets— Rev. Gecree C Adams.
TrlcJtr corner Bufh and Gotgh streets —
R*>v r. W. Camrett
Elrr.pscr. Memcria!, comer Hayes and Ba
cfcfc,san streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Hcwarfl Ptr»<rt M. E. t>er**+n Eecond and
Tnlrd— Rev. John A. B. Wilscn.
Central M. X . Sllss'.cs street, between Sixth
*nd.£evecth-Rev. S. D. Hatslnplller.
¦
Erwcrth M. E., c-rrer Church and Twenty
¦sflxth etr~-.s«-T'.«v. W. M. Woodward.
Trinity M. E.. corr.»r Market, Sixteenth and
Noe rtrerte— Rev. Th»o. H. Woodward.
.
Grace M. E.. corner T-K-pnty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
First M. E. Pow*!! street, s«r Waehing
tpn—Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Potrero M. E.. Ter.nes.se- street, near Bo
laso— Tier. 6. M. Woodward.
Onrteoarr M. E.. South. Bu«h street, be
tween Gourh acl Octavia— Rer. J. E.
ilocre.
Richmond M. E.. Fourth aye., between
Point l>--bos avecae aad Clement street—
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
Wef>tTr.lnster Prefcyterlan. comer Webster
as 4 I'a«e nreeti— Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
KcSßOrtal Pre*byterlan. Railroad ar.fl Eigh
teenth avenue*. South San Francisco—
Rev. H. N. Bevier.
HcwarS Presbyterian. Oak- and Baker
streets — Rw. J. S. Thomas.
Stewart Memorial; V. P.. Gu»rrero street,
rear Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
_:
First Presbyter! as. corner Van Ness avenue
and Sarrs.rr.esto streets— Rev. Robert Mac
kerxie. D.D.
Frank-Iln Ftre^t Presfcrterian. corner FranV
lln fc.r.3 Vallejo streets— Rev. tiavic! James.
Calvary Presbyterian, corr.er Geary and
Pcwell streets— Rev. Jchn HempbUL
First United Presbyterian, corner Gr'.den
Oste avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
S+rcrA Unitarian, comer of Twentieth anl
Carp streets—
First T'nitartaa. southwest corner Geary
ar»"J FTar.klln iti-eel* — Rev. I>r. Ptebbins. i
T. M. C. A.. Mwn aad Ellis streets-H. i
J. McCoy, secretary.
Err.ar.ue! Evangellc&l. corr.er Twelfth and
Stevenson streets— Rev. F. W. Fischer.
- 1
Flrrt Christian. Twelfth street, near How
art—Her. F. 6. Ford.
First Church of Christ, Scientist. RS
f»Mtt»T- »tr»*t — The nible and Science and
Health. With Key to the Scriptures.
Reorganized Church cf Jesus Christ— l2o
Post street.
First Divine SdMice, 2SW Seventeenth
titrwr— M. E. Cramer, rastor.
Tb^onophlcal Society — Odd Fellows' build
iTif.
Morr.lng:— "Good Cheer Because We Believe
God." Evening— Baptism administered.
with eermon on "Questions About Bap-
V.ezn."
Mcrnlnc — "Th» First Christian ilartyr."
Evening— "Lightening the Ship."
Uornir.K— "The Lord's Supper." Evening-—
"I Thln-t."
Morning— Rev. Father Burkhard will gr*3k
at 10:30 mas*. Kveninz— Rev. Father
Woods will lecture after vespers.
Morning— Rer. Father Philip ORyan wil!
preach at the 11 o'clock rr.ass. Evening-
Rev. J. J. Pren<2erga*t will deliver the dis
courses
Morning— Rev. Father MacCorry will preach
at 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Rev. Father
OtiE will preach.
Morr.lng — "Eccentric Mediocrity." Even-
Ir.g— "War and Civilization."
Morning— Communion service. Evening—
•"One Who Never Chances."
Morning— Holy communion and reception oi
members. Ex-ening — "Dreamt"
Morning— Rev. C. A- Dickinson, D.D.. pas
tor ot Berkeley Temple, Boston, Mass.,
will preach. Ever.lnc— Same.
Morning — Holy communion. Evening — Ser
vices at 4 o'clock; preaching by th« rector.
Morning— Rev. A. C. Hirst or Chicago will
preach. Evening— "Religious Revolu
tions."
Morning— "ln Memory of Jesus." Evening
— "Love, the Supreme Loyalty."
Morning — "Something for Christ." Even-
Ing— "Two M*n and Other Men As Jesus
Sees Them."
Morning— l'reachlng by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Mornlr.g— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing— t-ennon by Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning— Sermon by R*v. A. C. Ba.ne.
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
Mornlr.g— Rev. A. E. Ulrlch will preach.
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— Preaching- by the pastor. Even- .
Ing— "What More Could He Do?"
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- •
Ing— Same.
Morel r.g— Rev. Dr. Urmy will occupy the •
pulpit. Evening— "The Conversion of >
Eaul."
Morning — "The Supreme Benefit." Evening ¦
— "Fruits o* a Christian Life."
Morrilrp— "God Is a Bplrit." Evening— Rev. .
John Carringtcn of Siem will deliver an •
address on "Slam arid Laos."
Momlr.g — "Motives Determine Destiny." •
Evening— "The Young Man in Society."
Morning — "Tlniflws, Tireless Love." Even- •
Ing— "The Way of Triumph."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <
Ing— Sermon by Rev. William Kirk Guth- •
«rle.
Morcinr— "Sacramental Exhortation." Even- <
lr.g — "Faith a Commonplace of Ufe." •
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <
Ing— "Seeking and Finding." .
Morr.lng — Preaching by Rev. Dr. W. P. .
White: topic. "God's Thoughts of Us." .
Evening— Sermon by the pastor; topic, ¦
"Unwise Investments." ,
Mornlnr— E. B. Payne (editor of the Over- •
lax.d Monthly) will preach on "The Gift of •
the Keys." , ,
Morning— "Thinking Within limits." <
Afternoon— H. J. McCoy will talk on "The «
Young Man and His Standard." <
Morning— German preaching. "Our Lord's <
Trial liefore th» Sanhedrim." Evening— .
English fong service, "The Love of God" ; -
holy baptism. ¦>
Momir.g— ' Transformation." Evening— Ad- <
dress by G. W. Muckley, corresponding <
secretary of Board of Church Extension <
Society.
Morning— "Are Sin, Disease aad Death «s
IteaJT" «
__ <j
Morning— Preaching by W. W. Green, ml»- <j
elonary from Honolulu. <
Morning— "My Peace I Give Unto You." 4
i
— 4
Evening— Ml*e Lucetta. Lalng will speak on <s
"An Ancient Mystic"
. 4
floother GREf^T TRIUMPH for tht Musical
Extravaganza.
Which. To-Morrow. Begins
THE SECOND WEEK
*^U jfc Hiafcaae Custom,
MUST I!l2 Tc332 lli Prettl tbm
cod the
SEE HOOT MON GOLF BALLET,
Ths Lilsst Sohjj vi Join, u1 yp
Ths Topical Ccmlc Effnslsas. "AYE
The Berjlifol Musical Gsas Vfill
and the IXJV
rousing ar inno
PATRIOTIC ithAKlir
FINALE. HJ-fillll/*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Popular Prices. •• . .25 and 50 Cents
WEEK OF APRIL 9th.
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL."
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SDNDAY, AP2IL I, WOK.
CHAMPION
OPEN
STAKE
OF
96 NOMINATIONS— 96
COAST CHAMPIONS AND EAST-
ERN DOGS TO CONTEND.
$1000-/RIZEJKONEY!--SIOOO
COXCERT BT VOX DER MEHDEX*B EAXTX
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leare TfcJrfi and Towcsend atr««ta. VL a. m..
12 m. and 1 p. m.: Twer.ty-Cith aad Valeac!*
streets. flr» minutes later. Returning at 4:45
p. re. end after last course. S&n Mateo electric
car» every »lx minutes.
ADMISSION", tie. LADIES FREE.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
1118 Genuine Sanden
Guaranteed on a $5000 bond to be the
original U. S. patented Sanden Belt, and
having a world-wide record as the
grandest reftiedy for RHEUMATISM.
KIDNEY TROUBLE and all PAINS
and all WEAKNESS of man and
woman. lam now selling these fam-
ous Belts
At HALF PRICE!
Call and see them or test them, or
send for prices and the Dr. Sanden
book. "Three Classes of Men," or
"Maiden, Wife and Mother." It will
be sent free. Address
DR. S. S. HALL,
702 MARKET ST., ROOM 3,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Farewell Recital '
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) AFTER-
NOON AT 2:30.
A"MTTRTTM t-'NTR,
3^^^^^^^^? SATURDAY MATINEE TO FOLLOW,
MESSRS. E. D. STAIR & GEORGE H. NICOLAI PRESENT
The Beautiful Comedy Drama oJ Rare Excellence
jg&s^^ OnE °f T "C SEASON'S
j^^W^V CttEAT SUCCESSES,
fetf/^TjiP^lkA rr»*er.tei ry a Great Cist. Includins
%&* Miss Stella Mayhsw
v^V^^^^^r^l^X TH " QCEEN 0F IMPERSONATORS.
The FountaijTcity Quartet
I^P^^^^^^|y A Story as Pure as a Snowflake.
A Play Sweet as an Orange Blossom!
jf^^W^^^^- YOU WILL LIKE IT.
|O l^g^^^^g\ YOU CAN'T HELP IT.
/i\ w "\3\,r /'"^•¦ffi^y* ~*\V * H ¦£— • ¦ at.t. SPECIAL SCENERT OF THE BHA.L II-
Vt^^w j/ -^f-Ji~ ! f ir FVL> spxyr south.
COMING JAS. NEILL AND CO.
Forester Review, to visit San Luis Obispo
at the earliest opportunity with a view to
Issuing a special edition of the Review.
He will leave for that place to-day.
American Companions.
Last Monday night Martha Washington
Council was Instituted In this city by
Grand Chief Companion Mrs, Flora
Jacobs, assisted by Past Grand Chief
Companions Mrs. M. A. Duke, Mrs. Emma
Harrington. Deputies Mrs. Jennie Weisel.
Herman Kohn, Miss Mary Loryea, Miss
Fannie Wolmar. Grand Recording Secre
tary Mrs. Lizzie Atwood and Grand
Treasurer Miss Alice Tlcoulet. the music
being furnished by Mrs. R. Kemp Van
Ee. Thirty-five candidates were admitted.
After the ceremonies Mrs. Jacobs was
presented a basket of beautiful roses,
there were short addresses by a number
of those present and icecream was
served. The new officers are: Mrs. A.
Levy. P. C. C; S. Schweitzer. C. C; Miss
N. Raffel, S. C; Companions F. Dethle
fer, T.; A. Levy, F. S.; M. Brady. R, S.;
Miss Jessie Schweitzer, R G.; Miss Mabel
Maw, L. G.; S. Grosslicht. I. G.; A.
Anthony. O. G.; Miss Florence Licht, O. ;
Grace Brady, Minnie Halle, A. Seis trus
tees.
Bay City Parlor will give a party on
the night of the second Monday of this
month.
Palo Alto Circle, the most vivacious
circle of the order, had a gloribus time
at its party last Thursday night in Union
Square Hall. The programme was one
that did credit to the committee of ar
rangements and each number was ex
ceedingly well received. The participants
were: Bert Keough, Charles Kahn. Miss
Mane Hammersmith, Jack Harris Miss
Pauline Aaron. Miss Nettie Morris, Beno
I. Barnett. who appeared as "Herr Hein
rich Augenbloomergrauscheuchstelners-
Bchoenboch, the German monologist " and
Russel Lowry. The following named had
charge of the programme and the dance
that followed: Leon J. Pinkson, Miss
Sadie Mund. Emil Kahn, Maurice L. Rap
held, Sol Elberg, Charles L. Licht, Benno
I. Barnett, Martin S. Meyer, J. C. Lach
enbach. Miss Isabelle Pinkson Miss Car
rie Harris. Miss Leah Elberg/ Miss Dora
Ehrlich, Miss Kitty Aaron. Miss Gertie
Berliner. Miss Rose Kasper, Miss Belle
Rapheld. Miss Ray Boas, Miss Sadie
Mund; Maurice L. Rapheld, floor man
ager.
The Native Sons.
The Curly Bears of Alcatraz Parlor and
the Rincon Drill Corps of Rlncon Parlor
have Joined forces and have decided to
give a Joint picnic this year. To carry
out the Idea they have secured Sunset
and Glenwood parks for the 6th of May.
Five thousand tickets will be Issued and
these will be good for either park. The
members of these two organizations pro
pose to make this the largest picnic that
ever left San Francisco,
Joseph Goldman of Yosemite Parlor of
Merced, will be a candidate for the office
of grand outside sentinel. Mr. Goldman,
who Is connected with the firm of M.
Goldman & Co. of Merced, one of the old
est merchandise stores of that city, has
been a member of Yosemite Parlor for
many years. On several occasions he has
represented his parlor in the Grand Par
lor and is very popular In San Joaquin
Valley with members of the order, for
which he has been an ardent worker. Ills
friends, who will advocate his claims, say
that he will make an excellent officer.
On the 24th of March there was a dis
trict meeting of Native Sons In Merced,
when Dr. A. T. Hyde of Yosemite Parlor
delivered an address of welcome to the
visiting members. Grand Trustee H. R.
McNoble. delivered an address in which he
gave some very interesting information In
regard to the ritual and advanced many
bright Ideas for the good of the order.
After the business of the evening there
was a musical programme and a banquet.
There were present members of the local
parlor and of Los Banos. Hornltos. Mari
posa, Oakdale and Stockton parlors.
On the night of the 26th of last month
Stockton Parlor added twenty to its mem
bership by initiation, increasing the ac
tive membership to 314. The same night
eleven applications were received. Mis
tel's Tong No. 1 put on a side degree, a
take-off on the Zulu Tribe which gave all
present an evening's amusement that was
worth going miles to enjoy.
California Parlor, the pioneer subordi
nate, on the 27th of March organized its
9th of September celebration committee
by the election of the following named:
W. D. Shea, chairman; Dr. T. Conrad,
vice chairman: Henry F. Pernau. secre
tary and treasurer; Ben Davis, sergeant
at-anr.s, and W. H. Staniels, collector.
The several sub-commfttees were ap
pointed, and from the number of these it
is evident that the parlor means business
and intends to make a grand showing.
The parlor has secured the maple room
of the Palace for its headquarters during
the celebration.
California Camp No. 4 of the Argonauts
will hold its next initiation in Shasta and
Sierra halls of the Native Sons' building
on the night of the 20th of April. The
conferring of this degree is one of the
most impressive of any of the side de
srees.
Native Daughters.
Entertainment committee Xo. 2 of
Golden State Parlor No. 50 on the night
of the 21st introduced the game of "dress
ing the new woman." The first prize was
awarded to Miss M. Tyson, the latest
initiate, and Miss M. Ducker walked away
with the booby prize. Miss Lena Johnson,
a member of this parlor, will leave for her
home In Crescent City in a few days.
At the meeting of Orinda Parlor on the
night of March 22 Mrs. Minnie F. Dob
bins, D. D. G. P., of Sans Soucl Parlor,
and Miss Cunningham of Calaveras Par
lor were present and witnessed the Initia
tion of Miss Rose Kelly. Miss Emma Mc-
Allister, formerly of £<as Lomas Parlor,
had been elected a member of Orinda.
This popular parlor is receiving applica
tions at every meeting, three being pre
sented last Thursday.
Las Lomas Parlor had a successful
night at the Chutes. On the night of th<»
17th this parlor will give an apron and
necktie party In Its parlor in Mission Par
lor Hall.
Miss Harriet Lee of Woodland, one of
the grand trustees, was in this city for a
few days last week-
Grand President Mrs. Slfford reports the
parlors In the northern part of the State
prosperous and in good condition.
Buena Vista Parlor is making arrange
ments for its anniversary ball to be given
In May.
Sans Souci Parlor had a Jolly time after
meeting and initiation last Monday night.
Mrs. Osterman, the president, presided
and called upon a number of persons pres
ent to entertain at what the ladies of the
parlor style their "informal at home."
Mrs. Becky Kemp Van Ec gave a number
of popular aira on the piano. Roy McKay
sang the "Holy City." the Mlsaes Gilmore
favored with a duet. Emma Dubois gave
recitations and Mr. Riter favored with
ballad?.
San Miguel Parlor has adopted a series
of touching resolutions to the memory of
the late Isabel Reed, a prominent mem
ber of that subordinate.
The Druids.
Olympla. the baby grove, was visited
last Monday night by the noble grand
arch, the grand secretary and a number
of prominent members cf the order. Five
candidates were Initiated, the second and
third degrees were conferred on seven
and a number of applications were re
ceived.
Louis Wegner, secretary of Merced
Grove, called on Grand Secretary Graves
last week and reports that subordinate
doing well, having received two applica
tions at the last held meeting. The for
mer secretary. John Noffzelger, Is still on
the sick list, having been so for six
months.
The noble grand arch and the grand
secretary will visit Haywards Grove next
Thursday to witness the Initiation of sev
eral candidates.
Aurora. Golden Star and Magnolia
Groves report a healthy growth. The
second named initiated fourteen candi
dates on the 24th Inst.
El Dorado Circle paid a fraternal visit
to Golden Gate Circle last week, the vis
itors being under the guidance of the
<Arch Druidess, A. Godeau. and the other
officers. There were many present and a
most pleasant evening was spent.
The National Union.
Reports from the various local councils
for March are flattering to those who are
at the head of the order In this city. There
have been a number of additions by way
of Initiations, snd the prospects for a
steady Increase are good.
The next entertainment by the National
Union Social and Literary Club will be
given on the evening of Monday, the 16th
lnst., and It will be another of those high
class affairs that have In the- past won
such an enviable reputation for this club
The same strict rules as to the Issuance
of Invitations will be adhered to. so that
no one will be received who would not be
welcome In the parlor of any lady or gen-
lodges instituted during the term of the
present president.
San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps No.
2 has made arrangements to visit Oak
land, where it will give an exhibition drill
in Chapman's Hall.
Abslt Invidia. Sunset. Fair Oaks. Golden
Rule, Concordia and Golden Links Re-
bekah lodge 3 have arranged for a grand
entertainment to be given on the 19th In
stant in Pythian Hall In aid of the Or
phans' Home.
Mission Rebekah Lodge held an open
meeting last night In its lodge room In
ExcoiPior Hall, at which there was a good
attendance and a pleasing programme of
entertainment was presented. On the
night of the 7th Instant the members of
this lodge will give a masquerade party
in its hall for members of the order only.
The progressive euchre party that was
given by Templar Rebekah Lodge on the
night of the 24th instant was well attend
ed, there bolng enough players to occupy
a dozen tables. Mrs, A. Fancher was
awarded the ladies' first prize and M.
Rose the gentlemen's. The booby prize*
were awarded to Mrs. Lizzie Berry and
L. F. Monroe.
The Elks.
Elk circuses pay. The performance re
cently given by the members of the lodge
In Oakland netted the lodge nearly J2OOO.
San Francisco Lodge at its meeting last
Friday night had the following named,
¦who were elected at the previous meeting,
to Initiate Into the mysteries of Elkdom:
W. H. Snedecker, G. H. Umbsen, H. P.
Umbsen, Colonel D. 12. Miles. Colonel F.
S. Pott. Frederick AI. Hoefler. Dr. J. J.
Klntrwell. Dr. J. C. Stinson. David D.
"W'aass, Ed Lenison and M. J. Siderman.
This lodge has decided to give a theater
party at one of the 1-.. ding theaters some
time In May.
San Jose Lodge at its last held meeting
took In a laige number by initiation, In
cluding the Mayor of the city..
Elks teeth, which are worn as a charm
by members of this order, have recently,
by reason of the great demand for such,
increased 200 per cent In price.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Great Sachem Wilson, who recently re
turned from Southern California, re
ports the order In a flourisnln^ condition
in that part of the reservation. Frank W.
Smith, a prominent attorney of Redding
and past sachem of Mohawk Tribe of
that place, in a recent conversation with
the great chief of records of the Post
street wigwam, reports his tribe as doing
well. J. D. Foss, organizer of Hiawatha
Tribe, reports favorably on the future
of the order In Southern California. With
the assistance of members of Hiawatha
Tribe he Is working to the end that tribes
may be instituted at Corona, Pomona and
Santa Ana.
Under the Instructions of Deputy J. H.
HutafC Tosemite's team is becoming very
proficient In the degree work. At a re
cent meeting there were two adoptions
and peveral applications were read.
Seneca Tribe, which is in the face for
popularity with Yosemite, has been in ex
istence but a little more than a month,
yet it has already taken In twenty pale
faces.
On the night of the 27th the team from
Altahomas Tribe conferred the warrior's
degree on several candidates for Semlnole
Tribe. This tribe is one of the wealthiest
In the reservation and numbers among
Its members many of the influential resi
dents of the French colony. On the 10th of
next June this tribe will picnic at San
Lorenzo Park and preparations are being
made to tender a bariauet to the grand
sultan of the haymaker's degree.
Arrangements are being made for a
competitive rendition of the adoption de
gree by a team from Pawnee Tribe of
Alameda and one from Ah-wah-nee Tribe
of Oakland.
To-morrow night Manhattan Tribe of
San Jose will adopt between thirty and
forty palefaces. This tribe is very enthu
siastic and it has a team that is perfect
ing itself to give the adoption degree. On
the occasion of a recent visit by Great
Chief of Records Bliss to that tribe thir
teen applications were presented.
Last Monday night Pocahonta3 Coun
cil of the Degree of Pocahc-ntas gave a
social In the Shiels building and there
was a very large attendance of ladies and
gentlemen, who enjoyed a good pro
gramme of dances.
Sinco the adjournment of the Great
Council last year Cherokee Tribe of
Berkeley, Coahhuilla of San Bernardino,
Yosemite of this city. Ser.c-ca, also of this
city, Manhattan or San Jose and Hla
v.-atha of Riverside have been instituted,
and. in addition Kawcah Council of this
city ar.d Leola of Los Angeles, both sub
ordinates of the Degree of Pocahontas,
have bot-n instituted.
Great Sachem Wilson reports the order
in excellent condition in the southern part
of the State.
On the 6th Inst. Blazing Arrow Tribe
will be instituted in this city. There are
To names on the charter list. Including
those of Judge Dunne, Judge Fritz and
Grand Secretary Lur.stedt of the Native
Sons.
Thirty applications received by the new
tribe in San Jose show that the people of
that city are Interested in Redmanship.
To-morrow night a team will leave this
city to confer the degrees on these candi
dates.
Yosemite Tribe will at Its next meeting
adopt twelve palefaces. The tribe is mak
ing arrangements to rmertain the lady
relatives an«l friends of members.
Owing to the absence from the city of a
number of those who signed the petition
for a charter the Institution of Iroquois
Council of the Degree of Pocahontas has
been postponed.
Ancient Order Workmen.
All the representatives to the Grand
Lodge who may be in the city to-morrow
night will be entertained by Magnolia
Lodge in the hail of the Past Masters" As
sociation, in the Shiels building.
On Tuesday, the lith of April. Unity
Lodge will celebrate its twenty-third an
niversary by an entertainment and dance
in the iJaurel Hall of the Shiels building.
During the year ending March 30 of the
current year the net gain in the order In
this State has been iyo, a result of ex
tension work.
Last Monday n'ght several candidates
were initiated In the amplified form In
Magnolia I^od^e In ;!ic presence of more
than a hundred members of the order.
Foresters of America.
The seventh annual high Jinks of Court
Justice of the Foresters of America on
the J-ith of last month was largely at
tended and there was an '.'iitertalning and
amusing programme of music, songs, reci
tation? and a little in. the line of sparring
matches. J. Brlnkroann presided as di
rector of entertainment and F. M. Hem
burger E. JJrenn E. Russell, E, Genell,
J. Crowley. F. Wehr, George Welby, P. C.
Collins. P. Hurley, H. Leopold and N.
Huber were the committee on distribution
of pipes, tobacco, sandwiches and refresh
ments.
On the night of the 24th of last March
Court Golden Eajrle had a social evening
in tho assembly hall of the Alcazar build
ing, at which the entire membership and
many friends were present. Then, was
v. programme of dance and musical num
bers alternately. The affair was under the
dir«?c-tion of H«>nry Murry. Etl Schroder
and J. Rohr, the latter being the lloor
manager.
Court Sutro Heights No. 136. F. of A.,
wili hold its next meeting in the Pythian
Castle, where it has secured new c,uar
u-rs. This will be on the Sth Inst., on
wh'ch occasion there will be several Ini
tlatictis and a jollification, after the -York,
In celebration of the change of quarters.
At the meeting of Junior Court Pride
of California last Wednesday night there
was the usual run of routine business and
an appeal to the members to Increase the
membership. Three of the members who
have reached the age to permit them to
enter adult courts were granted with
drawal cards to enable them to do so.
During the evening the junior trustee, on
rehrli of the court, presented to Pact
Sub-Chief Ranger Komlllnsky a beau'.l
fu! trnblematic badge in recognition of
faithful services when in the chair. He
will socn become a senior Forester.
In Junior Court Pride of the Golden
West at Its last held meeting It was an
nounced that the membership roll shows
157 names and that (he bank account haa
$600 on the credit aide. Five candidates
were Initiated. Under good of the ord<?r
Chief Ranger S. B. Levy turned the court
over to M. Gold, chairman of the good
and welfare committee, and there were
addresses by J. O. Day, ML. Samuels and
J. Devine of Junior Court Pride of the
Pacific, Past Chief Ranger George Alex
ander, Trustee C. Stockwitz, Gus Harris
of Court Golden West, and S. S. Cook,
the recording secretary, who Is looked
upon as the silent but hard-working mem
ber of Junior Golden West, astonished all
by making a speech.
The committee that has charge of the
Joint celebration by the Foresters of
America and the Grand ArmyV the Re
public at the time of the session of the
Grand Court In San Luis Oblspo has sent
a special Invitation to Jacob Label -of
.Court Aurora, publisher of the American
when the meeting was addressed by F.
L. Turpin, the president. Louis Kragen.
i>!p. Kegensburger and AJ Stelner.
Abou Ben Adhem Lodge will give an en
tertainment and dance In Covenant Hall
of the Odd Fellows' building, on next
Thursday evening. In celebration of the
thirty-seventh annlversay of the Institu
tion of the lodge.
Grand Patriarch Foster during the pa*t
week has visited the encampments at
VTeaverville. Redding. Etna Mills. Fort
Jones and Bissons. At the last named
place the team of the encampment in
Vreka conferred the degrees. This week
he will visit as follows: To-morrow.
Santa Rosa; Thursday. Redwood City,
and Friday. Santa Clara.
Great preparations are being made In all
parts of the State for the celebration of
the anniversary of the order, which falls
on the 26th inst. Past Grand Master SL
M. Este*- will on that day speak at Wil
lows. Grand Master Bonynge will epeak
at Westminster. Past Grand Representa
tive J. G. Magulre will speak at Fresno.
Past Grand Master Karl C. Breuck will
speak at Snelling and Past Grand Master
W. H. Barnes, the Odd Fellow eloquent,
will sj>eak at Ventura. On that day the
Patriarchs Militant will give a picnic at
Sunset Park-
Last Tuesday night Unity Lodge was
visited by General P. S. Black and W. H.
Barr.es", P. G. SL; each of whom deliv
ered an address of Interest to members.
On the night of the 17th Inst. this lodge
will celebrate its thirty-second anniver
sary and will make a new departure in
this that on that occasion It will admit
only members of the order and on that
night propose to have work In the initia
tory degree.
The Rebekahs.
During the Odd Fellows' Jubilee In this
city the lodges of District No. 55 decided
to establish headquarters in the Pavilion,
and in order to make a creditable showing
determined to call on Mission Rebekah
Lodge to assist. The ladies arranged the
headquarters bo tastefully that the dis
trict was awarded a money prize and the
lodges feeling that. lf it had not been for
Mission Rebekah Lodee they would not
have received the prize money voted the
money received to Mission Lodge, which
In turn placed it where It would do the
most good, and that was in the hands of
the trustees of the Orphans" Home at
Gllroy. On the night of the 24th of March
the members of Mission Lodge, desiring to
show their appreciation of the kindness
shown by th*? lodges of District No. 55.
five in. number, tendered a reception to
three of these. Cosmopolitan, Excelsior
and Abou Ben Adhem, and at a future
time will receive the other two. The rea
son for this Is that the quarters were
not large enough to accommodate all at
once. There was an appropriate address
by the noble grand. Miss Parthlnla Burk
hardt, a programme of dancing and then
a collation, at which Deputy Grand Mas
ter W. W. Watson presided as toastmas
ter, and after delivering a concise, sen
sible address called upon representatives
of the several lodges to make a "few re
marks," which they did. The "Friend
of the Rebekahs" was also called upon
for a few words.
Last night a team from Oriental Re
bekah Lodge visited the lodge at Los
Gatop for the purpose of conferring the
decree upon several candidates.
Oriental Rebekah Lodg-e has elected
Mrs. Sonhie H. Forbes and Miss Abbio
Ewing as its representatives in the Cali
fornia Assembly: Loyal Lodge has elected
Mrs. Tiille B. Towle. and Jubilee Lodge
has elected Mrs. Helene G. Peterson.
Jubilee Lodge at its last held meeting
initiated six candidates, and it Is rapidly
advancing to the one hundred mark.
Mrs. Carpenter, president of the As
sembly, will Institute a new lodge to-mor
row at Copperopolis and one at Sonora on
the 4th instant. One will be instituted at
Dixon about the &th instant; one at Santa
Ana on the 11th. and one at Willetts on
the 13th. That will make sixteen new
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
Eastern Star.
On the la«t Monday In March Olive
Branch " Chapter, of whici Miss Melissa
'¦<*. McCorJcey is the •worthy matron, who
has done much to make this one of the
most . perfect chapters in the order, cele
brated Its f.rst anniversary in Elks' Hall,
and. there were present nearly 3uo per-
Eons, mar.y of 'whom came from across
the bay £to see the cheers and members
of the chapter of which so much In com
mendation has been said," and all of
\the+e expressed themselves as delighted.
Tb*» worthy matron d-jrini? the evening.
after welcorciriff the gruests In. a pleasing
address, net too long, not too fiiort, acied
O»" directress of the entertainment that
had been prepared There were lnstru
jr.©ntal selections by Miss Millie Wo'.ters:
an admlrab!*- recitation by Miss Pearl
Schwartz ; vocei solos by Miss Nicholson,
."...-,> Xtoolla. Mis-s Cooney and Miss Wag
lit-r, a twdtation by Ernest K. Head, past
•patron of Golden Gate Chapter, ancf an
Address by Dr. Byron d<? Witt of Olive
Branch Chapter. Then followed the serv
¦Jr.g. of icecream arid calces and a pro
frrarniae ot dancing that was enjoyed un
til midnight. These were among the
inar.y who were the graesu of the host
chapter: fast Most Worthy Grand Ma
tron Mrs. Mary E. Partridge, Past Grand
Matron Mrs. Maria Ackers Pierce, Past
Grand Patrcn John N. Young, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate J. V»'i;iats. Past Ma
tron Miss eusie M. WKlats of Golden
Gate, Ada M. r>alton, P^s t matron of Oak
l^eaf: Mrs. Evelyn Fay Mayon. matron
of Oak L*«Lf ; Mrs. Frances Eonilield.
mitrcr. d Ivy; Mrs. Emma Carter, ma
tron cf Harmony; Mrs. Alice Frances
Hlckey. matron, ar.d Mrs. Mary G. Fos
ter, ceeretary. of Mission Chapter. The
hall was prettily decorated wnh red,
and a profusion of liMes. Mrs. Ber
tha E. Mackrett has been appointed
treasurer cf thle chanter during the tem
porary' absence of Mrs. Selena Clprico.
Mission Chapter at Its !ast meeting
elected eieht candidates for admission
ir.to the chapter, and when these are Ini
tiated at the next meeting the raember-
F.^lp will reach about "4"'.
The grand patron, G. L. Parting, accom
panied by the .associate erand matron.
Mrs. Lucas, era about fifty members of
the order from this city, representing
Oolden Gate, Ivy. Harmony. Mission and
Olive Branch charters, paid a visit to
fartta Chapter la A'.ameda last week.
•j*h«re were also present visitors from the
charter* In Alameda County except the
ore instituted the week before in Center
ville <not Llvermore. as previously an
nounced*. r>jri-.g the afternoon there
wa* a nchnal of Instruction, under the
direction; of th« associate grand matron.
arid In the evening an inspection of the
work by The grand patron. It was the
ar.r.lvervary cf the chapter, and after the
ceremonirU portion of the visit was at an
end th»>r«» was a programme of entertain
ment ar-I a supper.
Ivy Chapter on last Tuesday evening
tendVre-1 a reception to the ladies ana
genx}f>rr.?n who on the occasion of the
Martha Wft«hlrjrton reception given in
February by this chapter volunteered
their service? to make that function the
prea.t success tiiat It wa*». There was a
dar.ee ar.d then servlr.tr of a dainty colla
tion. Icecream and cake«.
Degree of the Amaranth
Crescent Court at its last held meetin?
Y.z.4 a business Fesslon. which was fol
lowed by an Impromptu programme of en
tertainment. When the announcement
was made that the court had adjourned
aIL entered with spirit into the pleasure
- i the evening-. One of the features was
the (fames and races. One of thete — the
potato race — was won by Mi*s Simpson.
who was awarded a beautiful prize. On
;he niffht of the 35th inst. this court will
have an exceedingly interesting meeting.
The Odd Fellows
The first visit by the general relief com
mittee of this city since Its organization
in February, "was paid to Herman Lodge,
LATEST NEWS OF FRATERNAL SOCIETIES
PHONE MAIN 532.
LAST SIX NIGHTS OF THE SEASON. LAST
NIGHT OF
"EL CAPITAN."
TO-MORROW EVENING.
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
Commencing Saturday Afternoon, University of
California Week.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at To-day's
Matlne*. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium
MATINEE THIS SUNDAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT^AUNT JACK.
TO-MORROW J Curtain
NIGHT. I rises at S pharp.
Massive Production
SO PEOPLE ON THE STAGE.
8-GREAT SCENES-*.
PRICES— IScT2Sc, 35c, 50c.
VjL* MlVill/A COff. MASON
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
THE BLACK~BARTONS,
Klnr and Queen of Comedy.
ALICE RAYMOND,
America's Greatest Lady Cbrnetlst.
TRIXEDA.
Th« Talented and Beautiful.
MLLE. THELMA,
IN POSES rLASTIQUES.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERY SUXT>AY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
AMUSEMENTS.
to-nTght
-H d NEXT WEEK!
Smyth & Rice Present
tComsdian WILLIB
CuL.L<lJb.xi
IN HIS OWN FARCE,
MR.
SMOOTH
April »— WEST 8 810 MINSTREL JUBILEE.
FISCHER'S
X CONCERT HOUSE
1 32- 124 O'FARHELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER Prop.
GEORGE MOOSER _ Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall In America!
THIRD ACT FROM "FAUST"
1 IX ALL-STAR CAST.
COME WHEN. YOU PLEASE.
S. OO— AUGUST HINRICHS* SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
S:rT— FENOR VARGAS.
B:«— SIGNORINA POLLETTINI.
9:12— SIGNORINA BARDUCCL
9:IS— SIGNOR NAPOLEONE.
»:10-SALVTKL
9:3S— SIGNOR BADARACCO.
10:00— SIGNORITA PUERERI.
10:55— Duet. SALVIXI, VAROA&.
11:05 to 11:50— -FAUST."
ma tineJTto-oa y.
IN PREPARATION "LA BOHEME."
IQr admission \C\c-
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
f SPECIAL!
THIS AFTERNOON
Balloon Aspension!
THE KRAMERS: THE GOTLOBS: ROMALO3;
MARION BLAKE; CONLON and RTDETR;
LJL.LIAX HOWE: BOGGS and HAEWARD;
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
CHERRY SISTERS.
>-'- Beats by Telephone— Park 23.
27J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st ; tel. South 228; lowest rates,
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 40.
BTRATTQN'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRICE St RO6ENBAUM pays snot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074. - '
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, -carpets,
piano. 1115 Market St.: telephone Jessie- -781. .
AYRES'. leading business college, 723 Market;
Individual Instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand. typing; life scholarship. %S0; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. ISM.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
VIOLIN, ilther, guitar, banjo mandolin Instruc-
tion; reasonable. W. P. CHAMBERS, 2W
Butter at
ACTIVE elderly man wants situation; cook-
ranch preferred. Box 3365, Call.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, aged 26. would like a
position In a store or factory; »ober youne
man. Address box 3371, Call office..
CLOAK buyer— Gentleman. long experience
East as manufacturer, salesman and buyer
ladles' garments desires position; good adver-
tiser; thorough knowledge of business and
first-class references. A. L.. box 8374, Call.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 12M Market st.
CAIIPET n EATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
s=end to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 283-357 Tehama St.; tel. a 40.
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 140 14th »t.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. JS-40 Sth st,; tel. South 250.
BOOKKEEPING an it Is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR,
. expert accountant. Flood building.
EXPERIENCED cook desires situation In res-
taurant or commercial lunch. Cail or nAAr»T.
GEO. WENSE. 115 Eighth st MOrwa
PAINTBR. paper-hanger and decorator wants
work; Is a first-class, quick, neat, up-to-tlat*
mechanic: best city references; high-ela««
paper and llncrusta hanging- a specialty will
work cheap; city or country. Painter' t*S
Folsom st. *
ENGINEER and machinist, up-to-date /rood
references, will work for moderate wajres If
steady Job. L. D. M.. 1563 Broadway, Oakland.
HOTEL clerk of experience wants positlca; day
or night: city or country; bent of Eastern and
California references. Address box S>3, Cail.
EDVCATIOXAL.
CAPE NOME.
INCORPORATED— Lays and claims on Dexter.
Glacier and other rich creeks; best machines
for working them; limited; shares 20c each.
Address box 3339, Call office. ' ,
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount of
money in Cape Nome property known to be
good. Box 3143. Call.
FLATS ; TO LET—FURMSHED.
BROADWAY. 1832— Modern furnished fiat of I
roo-S*! bath; suri all day; fine marine Tte».
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
$30— FOR sale— A spring wagon and harness In
first-class condition. Inquire L. ISAACS
poultry ranch. Upper Frultvale.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
BELLING out, half cost, 100 sets harness, 100
wagons. 1140 Folxom st, near Eighth.
FOR PALE— Pedigreed Belgians of standard
marking; do*»s, bred ani untred, at all times;
tmke Aukland tlmported) stands at the head
of this rabbitry. He wan selected by T. B.
Mason, the noted Enpllfh Judge. The Puke's
tire was Champion Merry Boy, winner of
many fir_!B un.ler leading Judges. H!n dam
was Champion Tees Side Queen, flirt and spe-
cial at .^tarboro: first and sjx-clal and best in
the ehvw ; a'.fco far best Belgian hare shown
by memb'r of Belgian Hare Club of England'
¦ other noted prire winners are at his back. I
fcuarante* gatisfactlfn or refund money. I
hay« shipped fine st«>ck to Detroit, Mich.;
AVnlla Waila. Wafh. ; ?U L<->u!s, Mo.; S.-atUe.
\^¦a^h.. and to r.umerouF oth<»r j>artß of the
I". S., California In particular anl Canada.
Iteferonc^*, Iv,s Anprel*^ NationaJ Hank. Send
2c wtamp for b<V.klet on f«»<?dlrg and bre<»<iinK.
KEMP'S BELGIAN lIABBITHY. 1211 Hidalgo
f;.. Jx.s Ar.gplcf. Cal.
THE L. & L Rabbltry, 650 West Jefferson St..
L. A. : TeL V.'hite 6312— That well-kn.jwn pedl-
irrced Belgian hare stock, Lf>rd Kitchener,
Dexter. King Britain, Ixird I^ytton, I'rince of
V._.les; also four-months-old buclca and does;
V-0 youngsters of same stock, various ages.
Some fine pfdicreed does, bred to Klondike
Nuffffet, Kir Ftjies and Lord Britain. Also a
lot cf perfect heavyweight does, ready to
broM and brfd to our jirizo winner. Stud
buck f«» $2 SO. Special attention given to or-
ders for chirping- to all points.
EUREKA RABBITRY. " "
Established over one year; 300 head of rtel-
friani- to select from. . bred from Imported
Ffralns: also cheaper grades; etock all healthy;
ratlsf action guaranteed; write for prices. W.
A. GALEU. S2B We«t EJghteenth St., Los An-
_-el*s. Cal.
Send stamp for "Belgian Hare Fancier."
; MERRILL'S RABBITRY.
1220 A Georgia St.. Ltx Angeles. Cal. — Headed
| by PRINCE ALHERT. an nnjrlioh winner;
I fee 110. V.'hen you purchase does In Los An-
areles Instruct your dealer to have them bred
I to PRINCE ALBERT before shipping and ad-
i vl?e us of such Instructions. Fine stock for
| ?ale J
I BELGIAN BARGAINS— KIx breeding does left.
! ped!gre«d and from such strains as Yukon. Sir
Styles, etc.. at J5 each;S at IS; « et til. A
irv Lord Britain does. Prices on application.
Satisfaction gusrenteed. XV. A. COLWELL.
2*13 South Olive St.. Los Angeles. . •
BHOAI)WAY RABBITRY AND POULTRY
MARKET— Fine stock of Imported and domes-
tic haree; does, bred and unbred, from $5 to
tSC; bred to Imported bucks; state price with
remlttancoL M. HANSON, 629 South Broad-
way. Los Anreles. Cal.
FOR SALE — Pedigreed Belgians from the
strains cf Sir Royal, Including- some of his
granddaughter's etock; guaranteed as repre-
pented. N. BONEBRAKE, 814 Temple et.,
Los Anreles. Cal.
FOR SALE — Have some flne youny stock of
popular strains; does 3 to ff months old; write
for prlcen and description. HILLOCK'S RAB-
BITRY. 2537 South Olive St.. Los Angeles.
BEVEN pedigreed does with litters. MRS. G.
6LATOR, IMI North Soto st. Lot Angeles.
MEKTISG SOTICES.
WRTCrLodf.-. %¦ :--s~"F~an<r~Ar~»£— ~_j~~
6pocial rr.ertir.e-; The officers and _4%
oeir.b^rs ai> . •".•,! to atfrid the jC5*
funeral of vi • ro thfr. LEWIS A. f>F
¦ HAYWABD, .-. - i member of Moose River
LodKe No. s .l, V : <; A. M.. West Concord.
Vermont. M'n: •. v April 1. at VM o'clock.
¦ : from Ma*->r: • ". rr,j,le. Funeral . committees
of other lodges t«k« notice. By order of the
Mai-ter. 1 ;> GOLDSMITH. Hec.
' WESTERN Add-: n I. Idge No. 2«5. > ~
I. O O F. ' r,_ rr.fir.b'-r!' -^*^»ifc
are h«reby not. • . v , attend the
funeral of our late brother. JO- *" 1^
SCPH RHOOI 1 . P. <j from Eureka Hall.
Odd FcMoTv-' boUCIns on SUNDAY, April 1.
¦ -HAM, at 12:30 B'clock ; ' m. eharp.
G. A. TIiAUTJCER Nobl* Grand.
.;.' WM. F. USE. Flr.«jiclal Secretary.
ALT A Lodee No. 205. I. O. O.
F.— Double lnitlati o MONDAY
EVENING. April I Victors cor- "^^^
' dlally lniited. ™» w
¦¦_ __^ I'ATTERSON. N. G.
CALIFORNIA Lndce NY, 1. I. _ a sHW& 1 3t
O O F. — Initiation -¦:^NIJA\* J__Xas«*
EVENING. Visitors w<.ici.me. : *S_SSsr
W. TROTTEiI. x. G. ________
PIONEERS — The next ___<tC__»r3nj>-_
r«_ru!ar monthly meet- £^\sfcc£_¥rK
'.nr, of the- Society of _^_P^l^____WiA
Calif ornla. Pioneers wl'.l >l * i T_^^_o____Ka
oVlock *A fun attend- __*mi i--
ance Is requested, as business of «f" lal lm '
portanos- will come before the n_**_£s' 0..
J. L SPBAB.. Be*
$15— SUNNY flat. ? rooms and bath. For par-
ticulars Inquire at 1825 Howard St., near 12th.
»16— SIX room* and bath; lower part. Vt Guy
place, off First St.. Just above Folsom.
IIUOT A.Mi MUIK ItARGAIAS.
BAROAIXS In ladies' and children's shoes;
drummers' namples at manufacturer's cost.
J. KOHLBECKER. 145 Fourth St.
DOG HOSPITALS
BOOKS NI3W AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hnlmes Bonk Co., 704 Mission St.. near Third.
A BAKERY for nale cheap: M years establish-
ed: baking: S barrels a. day; all ctore trade:
on one of the leading streets of the city; pro-
prietor going to Europe. Box JlOB, Call.
HORSESHOEING and general blacksmthln*
shop; best stand this side bay: doing , rood
trade; will sell very cheap. Box 277% Call
offlce. Oakland.
FOR rent— slo per month; coal yard; new bullii-
lng!<: first-class lm-atton: A stalls: larg* lot.
RIVERS BROS.. 227 Montgomery at.
GROCERY and bar. corner Geary and leaven-
worth: rent $10; lease g year and 9 months; no
agents.
11l CYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
FOR sale — Sociable tricycle; in first-class condi-
tion. Kox 3171, Call. -••.
EMPLOYMENT AVA.VTED — MALE.
A COMPETENT German couple desire situa-
tion: understand ranch work thoroughly; ref-
erences. MISS D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A BRIGHT, intelligent and truthful young
athlete of good family and appearance Is de-
sirous of securlne home (stock ranch pre-
ferable) In Idaho, Texas, Arizona, OM or New-
Mexico, In return for services; absolutely no
salary wanted; If suitable to both will make
contract for one year: am alone with small
life Inc>mp and desire to sre' away from civ-
ilization; the essentials are kindness and good
home; would be pleased to make appointment
with parties visiting city with view to above;
will send photo and description upon appli-
cation If there Is sincerity In epistle. Ad-
dress for three weeks, box 3338. Call.
AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER.
Beigrian Hares— Special clearance sale of over
800 pedigreed Belgian hares, consisting of all
the Itading strains.
Lot I—2o hig-h-grade does, bred to Lord
Yukon I> rd Salisbury <»'jn of Lord Britain),
Duke of York Jr.; Bcore S4^s; |20 each.
Lot 2— CO extra choice does, bred to above
bucks, fIL each.
Lot 3—75 very choice, well-colored does,
bred to hiKh-grade bucka. at tlO ea<-h.
I_<>l 4—204 — 20 choice breeding does, !>reu to bucks
scoring not less than it, $7 U each.
Lot s— lu good-colored pedlKretd does, bred
to sgjiife bucks as lot 4. $5 each.
Lot 6— One Lori Britain buck, score 92^;
one Lord Salisbury buck, score f2H; one Lord
Kitchener buck, score &0H; Me Lord Salisbury
buck, score Su; also several Lord Salisbury
ar.d Sir Styles bucko, 4 months old, at prices
away down.
A standard treatise on breeding, feeding,
cookir.K, management and diseases; price 25
cents.
Parties deElrlng stock in small lots or those
stocking rabbitrles will find thle a life oppor-
tunity.
There is money in har««; now Is the time to
bt(?in umi this 1» your chance for good etock
at sacrifice prices. Every animal sold guar-
anteed as represented.
BLUE RIBBON RABBITRY,
Übi West Twenty-seventh et..
Los Angeles, Cal
!tfKETJ*GS SI NO AY.
BWASri VIVEKANANDa. the H'.adoo phOoaO.
•> . ¦• sill lecture torday, A;ni 1, at 1. nJon-
Kuare Hall, d Pwrt st., S p. m.; subject.
"Kl -in.er and H:b l&essace*,': Mr. Andrew
R< id w;';! sir.ir the offertory: every one w«l-
c rrt Tb* Bwainlwlll lecture Tuesday. April
I ' ¦ 1 Thursday. April .".. at Wafhlr.jrton Hall,
to Jvm et.. * p. m.'; subjects, •'Medltatlon.-
"Toe Practice of P.tUirk*n, Breathing and
Meditation."
I7k KEKGaN will deliTW Ws celebrated lee-
r-re ti.'t evening, 8 o'clock, on "The Human
-, ¦ Its Fur.cli.-n5. Disease*, and the Art
,• Beauty" at Crystal ilaJ:. Pyth'.an Caetie,
:' ¦'y.nfv.'-i ft., fiuowed brou-ifleat views
o j Venice '.the Hn<le of the t?ea." Those et-
'tendlni this Lsercrs easy procure free tickets
to tfce X-ray exhibition .; the Sanitarium.
," rncr ' V.irket and Mason sts.. next Tues-
day evenin*. Voluntary collection for the
rre* clinic
ANNOUNCEMENT by request— The world fa-
rnouii ' 'r:«rr.__J s?eer will a;ip*ar in magniflcent
Jeweled rles and give a beautifully illus-
§trat^*. ;-• tare OB "The For-e* of Destruction
er.-d Constructloo !n the Human Body." and
marvelous j.eycJiic demonstrations, at I'ythian
CsFt:e. W* Market st., to-night at 8; seats free.
FIFTY-BE 1 ?* ">ND
AnT.ivorWrj- of rc^em erlrituallsrn will be
celebrated under the aurriices of the Califor-
nia Stale Spiritualists' Association at Golden
< isit - Hal: '25 futter gt.. on this Sunday.
April 1. at 3:30 ar.d 7:30 J>. ttl Adir.iss: >n free.
6UNI>AY lecture Association— Rev. Benjamin
Fay ili:ii w'.H f?;>eaJi on "J>ea.i O-vis": Mr. A.
«• r>k:r.<Lii wfll piay the great organ: Mrs. A.
M. Gariirer will e'.sg; Metropolitan Tempie;
d'v^r? odsd 7; rouble 7:ii; lecture 7:<a.
jiT Dli. RINGS' Spiritual Society. «>9 Market
—XL free; i-%, 10c: Mrs. Beeley. Vigers,
other?; all m-inistert and mediums art to meet
et i v xa. ; 2US M. and ICS minister*. tW.M
J. R, LITTLE. Secretary.
"WHY D"r/t God Kill the Devil?" Is the sub-
ject of Dr. 'Mark's sermon, California Hall,
Eleventh. ¦' ana Clay sts., Oakland, Sunday,
' AM-If 1. at 7.30 p. in.; psychical tests at the
d'j*>e cf the I'rmoa.
Mni-HUMS* rnpttlng Bt Occidental ITaTI. JOG
I>irkln st.. Wednesday evening. April 4, at
7 3', o>]o<-k; ten of the b»ft mediums in the
• city -ailr <K'-«py the I latformr a<!»isslon 10c.
AT Eberhartt'n Hall. 2150 Twenty-second St.. 8
p. m.— <>U;bratlon of anr.lversay modern
'fp!riiualii;m: convincing tests; address by An-
dersop. the __T orator; 10c
THE Th»TP<->rfc:c&J 6oc!ey.— Public lecture to-
r.:gt-t, cor. Sn-emh ar.4 Market ste.. ? o'clock;
".An Ancier.t Mystrc," by Miss Lucetta Lelng;
Ccl4«n' Chain :at 11 a. m.
KATIE. HKT'PSMANVfI mff-paee* to all to-
Rlghf.erid tV*d. eve.; :&e;'t«?fit «'.rcle Friday
-.erw»:,'Ssc it, <»r»nd, bet.' 9th. K - rh, nr. How.
C. V; MXLLER*Bt«eSJ»c« to-richt, » o'clock:
s'"-; hayea Airll S for Partp. 4'w Leavenworth.
MRF. HAiLANI.. fst circle tn-nlght: articles !
r< ad : .''»-; '¦\r-\~9 Tuesday. '¦ Friday. 136 Sixth.
S'RP ..<:. 3IAYO-PTEEB6. trance medium (or-
flsiaer i^'fi ::: ; , Oak st. ; readings, 1-5 p. m.
;.:".-• v ¦:-.-. -h :;.-ter, Teio ciar— circle to-
r.tcht: v ; Tj' s ";i.. 2 p. m.; cons-'-ta-tlona daily:
MRS.' KrAL^PrirUuaJ and. healing medium;
n-ndirifrt- ip.-j treatmeota dally. 215 Jon»s st.
MWn. YOUNG'S anniversary test rifle to-
• eight £3? M'A::;*ter; 10c; come, skeptios.
SIRS. STODDARtrS drdei Tues.. Thurs.. 8 p.
m. ;• 1"<;-;-ail tr-t tnecsxEW. !7« Ninth St.
ill!? TIEKA FRANCIS. Independent «l«t«
writing m>dlcm. US Haight rt.
MRP: -EGOERT ¦. TTKEN, medium — Slttlnn
______>'. Ktcr «t.. Cat 1
AT U7 Larkln— Tesi meeting; Mrs. Wrean.Grtf-
: ;-f.r.. Mi;;..r: *?-¦? ,^i".' ¦
SCBETiKQS — Inlreraal Brotherhood, j
TnBOSOPHICALg ,-iety In America, m Mar-
kn ..«j;— Lecture to-r.lght. "Mtradeg of
: Chrif'V fey ]>¦ :.-r,me A. Anderson: I. B. !
• L. Tuesday t) •: •_• object. "War"; children's i
Ix/tu* Group Rnr-day. H o'clock, room *\ j
EXPERIENCED dressmaker on ladle** street
suits will accept a few more engagements in
families, $1 23 per day: ref. Apply 120 Webster.
COLORED woman wishes work of any kind by
day or we*>k. Address box 3334. Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day;
washing and Ironing. Please call 1331 Pacific
street, down stairs.
FOR sale — Saloon; open day and night; good
corner; good business; reasonable; old age the
cause. 654 Fourth St., cor. Freelon; no agent
or faker.
A WELL-FURNISHED, 3-chalred barber shop
at 1344 Turk st. for sale. Apply to P. BO-
LAND, Public Administrator, 238 Montgom-
ery st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business; 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. denth owner. 22 Cortland aye.
$350— H -INTEREST In labor-saving tool Ju*t
Catented; does work In hi time; patent will
ring JfIOOO. Inventor, box 3360, Call offlce.
f3S0 — A THIRD interest for active partner, lady
or gentleman; will bear Investigation. Call
DR. CLARK, Hotel Brunpwlck, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED frame Joiner as partner; must
have some capital or the necessary tools. Ap-
ply afternoon, 810 Broadway, Oakland.
LORI* ESSEX— lmported fee $16
TEDDY ROOSEVELT— Winner flrst prize
at Los Angeles fee $15
BRITAIN PRINCE— Own son of Lord
Britain fee $10
DANDY STYLES— Own son of Sir Styles,
imported fee $10
KlLDA RE— lmported fee $5
High clapp does, from $10 to $75 (bred); also
grand bucks for pale.
F. E. MASON, 1710 Everett «t., Alnmeda, Cal.
Visitors welcome, except Sundays.
LOS ANGELES advertisements for next Sun-
day's Issue will be received at 226 North
Spring Ft.. Los Angeles, up to 6:30 p. m., Frl-
dny. April 6. C. W. COLLINS, Agent.
FANCY grocery, strictly modern; good loca-
tion: unusual sacrifice. Apply PENNELL,
BUYDAM & CO., wholesale grocers, 4 Cali-
fornia st.
A COMPETENT periwn wishes a position to do
cooking or downstairs work; willing to go In
country. Call 7 Van Ness aye.
SITUATION wanted— Young woman; food cook
and housekeeper; fond of children; city or
country. Box 837?, Call offlce.
I HAVE $1000 to $1500 to Invest for a partnership
In a photo gallery or camera supply business;
references exchanged. Address AMATEUR,
box 3340, Call offlce.
SNAPS— Stock 2U per cent less than market val-
ue-. GREAT BRITAIN BELGIAN HARE
CO., 2M2 South Main ?t., Los Angeles, Cal.
NOTHING but first-class stock; guaranteed
highPFt scores for everything 1 have; write
and be convinced there are no finer. GEO.
W. ROGERS. <".2S EaFt Twelfth St., Los Ang.
BELGIAN HARES- We have flne does bred to
Baron Faslujda; breeding does ?2 to $50; large
stock; write up. RIVAL RABBITRY. 1023
Eaet Twenty-seventh Ft., Los Angeles.
BEADLE Rabbitry, 2140 East First St., Los
AiiKPlep— Standard Belgians; Flemish giants;
stock from Lord Britain, Yukon and Sir
Styles; write for prices.
A FEW flne. large, pedigreed Belgian does from
bef»tetraln!>: choice youngsters from Lord Ban-
bury and Malton Mystery strain. C. S. GOOD-
RICH. 1564 E*trel!a aye., Los Angeles, Cal.
SILVER Cray Rabbitry lt«l Scott et., Los
Angeles— One of the oldest rabbitrles In Los
Angeles; both standard and heavyweight; 800
head to choo(ii» from; all from Imported stock.
BELGIAN hare*— Shipped anywhere; satlsfae.
grntd. E. P. Brown. 271S Lanfranco, L. Ang,
SOME first-class etock at reasonable rates. J.
N. WILLIAMS?. 44C> S. Mott «., Los Angeles.
lIATII CABIXETS — THERMAL.
ROBINSON V> <-oanel folding; see it before
buying. W. 5» BROWN. Coast Act.. 4lfi Kills.
SELLING OUT— Wlil cell my entire etock of 19
fine hares at a bargain, as I am leaving town;
write at once. SWANFELT BROS., 1915
New Jersey st., Los Angeles.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a fpeclalty; privat*;
no fee without success: collections. t»- W.
HOWE, atf y at law. tSt Market, cor. Ptocktu.
dDVK X Ir**: m charge uniey* Fuce«f;sful. W,
¦ W. DAVIDSON. '-"1 Market st.. opp. Mi*on.
PROF.T A." MA6ERT of Egryrt. greatest antrolo-
«ri!>t end palmi't In th* world: satisfaction
puflrart^ed 427 Ooiden Gate aye.
GERMAN girl wishes situatlpn to do general
housework; wages $10 to $25. 1219 Kearny st.
TOUNO woman wants work by the day, wash-
Ing ironing. hou<>efleanlng. Call or address
MRS. GOHDE, 77 Natorca Bt.
YOUNG m.in who understands horses can buy
half Interest In good business for $500. MC-
LAUGHLIN A CO.. 777H Market st.
$250— RESTAURANT and lodging-hou!»e near
the city. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 V» Market.
$700— RESTAURANT; flne location; transient
trade; near carhouses. McLnughlln, 777H Mkt.
HOTEL, central, Alameda County; large lot;
hotel 10 rooms and bar doing line business;
cottage, stable, Ptc. ; house well furnished;
only hotel in town and at R. R. depot; 33
miles from this city; price $5000; easy terms.
H. H. CRANE, 60S California st.
STORE and residence property with large lot In
town; Alameda County; only $2000; see this
bargain. 11. H. CRANE, SCS California st.
A— FAMILY grocery Ftcre for sale; new stock;
flne fixtures; on the best corner in the city;
cash receipts over $2000 per month; offer want-
ed. DECKER, JO2O Market _f.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED CEMAI.B.
A FIRST-CLAPS German cook desires situa-
tion; 3 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A COMPETENT French lady's maid and seam-
stress desires situation, or a.« nursery govern-
ess; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter:
sews ft\> a day: less by the week. il. C. box
3357 Call office.
HARPER & BROS.' subscription editions of
Thackeray, Waverley, Motley's compile
w..rk-. <Je" luxe edition* of Abbey's Illustrated
C.-imedl»i> "f Phakeepeare and Bos well's John-
*<nn. Ix»*lng's Cyclopedia of U. S. Hiftory.
etc, are among the i*i=t selling books of the
year and offer exceullonal opportunities to
exi^rienced salesmen. San Francisco offlce,
205 Kearny st.
THE "ESQUIMAU." the greatest discovery ot
the "AGE"; every man, woman, child n<-eds
It; every manufacturer new!* It fir belts:
make? leather absolutely snow n.n-1 vat-r
proof; wiH n< t harden, crack or discolor
leather; Fend 2.* c for a sample can. Address
¦ HENRY MILLER & *M.. 2"2r. Mission ft.
I*ADY agents— lf you want the Deft money
makers get the HygHa Electric Corsets and
Pkirts; the standard for 20 years. Address
Western Cor«set Co., St. Louis. Mo.
ORPHEI'M Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best h»lp. 4H'4 O'Farrell ?t. : tel. East 42<S.
; CUI/UCH SERVICES.
CALVARY. Prtibyterian Church, currier l'ow-
¦U «.nd Oesry sts.— Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. in. and 7:45 p. in.
Topic evening, "Keeking and Finding;." The
sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be ob-
*>-ryed at the close of the momlnj service.
AU are cordially invited. .
HOVCARD Presbyterian Church. Oak and
Belter st?.— P.ev. J. a. Thomas, pastor. Morn-
ing .: service at 13 o'clock; subject. "Motives
l>lerm!ne I>*t!ny." Sunday school at K:3O.
«""hr!?tian Endeavor meeting at «:45. Even-
lr.g rervic? tt ~X>. riernivn to ycung men.
"The Young Man in Society.'! Wednesday
evening. 7:*!^ Bible study .aiid praise.
CENTENARY M. E: Church. South. Bush
t-treet, between Gough and Octavla— Rev. J.
- "E. Moor*, pactor. Preaching 11 o'clock l>y the
pastor; fpeclsl nuinlc by quartet choir under
the direction of Theudore Tliton, organist.
Evening service 2:13 o'clock; music by chorus
choir, under direction of Mr. Tilton. Punday
*cho»>! . 9 :Zu a.' _o. Epwocth league meeting
C:4."» p. ra. Sea-.s irtxj. A.l" are cordially in-
ritefl. '¦
CKXTCAi, M. E- Church. Mission rt.. between
Sivtu. arl Sev^nth-^Kew Dr..H. I>. UutMn-
pil'.er will pread* at 11 o'clock <<n thr topic.
"Tliis Kor Our Lord." arid at 7:30 on the
topic. '"Two Men At< Christ Bees: Them.
Uood irUfUc. free .6*ats s.i:J welcome^to all.
TRINITY Chorcb, corner Bush and Cough *ts.
—K*Vi -"Frederick W. <"!an:i*tt. D.D.. partor.
H'.ly communion. 8 and 11 a. m. Morning
eervice. 11 o'clock. Evening prayer, * o clovfc.
The rector Vlll pr*>ach.
JTtßfsT.OonrrMStiensJ Church, corner Pott and
: MwmfU.-R«v. George C. A-le-tiif. D.lX.s-as-
: tor. Service* at 11 a. m. Un& V:M p. m. Key.
. C. A. Dlcklasoa. D.D . pastor of B^rkeley
Tenirle. Boston. Maps., *1U preach at both
: service*. Ail are coniieJly ir.vlted.
SEvFNTH Day Adver.tlst Church. 914 Laguna
et.. between McAllister et. nnJ Golden Hatn
eve.— Prea.!:jnc thiF (Sunday) evenlns; - at
7-30 o'clock Xy Lb* pastor. F.'.der J. O. Corliss.
Eubjeii. TBetsnexief's Feast.*' A cordial :n-
vHauoo i* »>it"»-ded to uJI. Seats free.
Tll-^T Ch-urHi ¦ -of .Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 22J Putter st.. i»»i. Kearny ana Grant
[•ve:-rOt>rl«-«» Scl«ac« Bifcle :.--» n at v
It. m.; eutj.vt. "Are Sin. - JMsease sx>u Death
Kesi!" Sttß<l*yiscnool for children at the
tame nour. :We4n*»«Say. erenln* nvtfting at i
o'clock. All. welcome. •
THE Frst Divine Sfience Church— M. E.
Crsaier IMs^our** e.t 11 a. m.: *üb-
ie<? Mv peace I <~.ive Into You. " Services
>ve*r SuuOms .*£ Home GoUece, 33C0 Scven-
t-rjtr. tt., between 'Mission nnd^Valencla.^
CHT,'KCH-_*'Je*Bs CJairt ofLatter Day Sair.ts
_ Sf-rv ?«.* 11- 5 in- -:i- "?'• P- m - at Py' lllan
Ilui) 60S Market Bt- Sunday, April. 1. Kl-ler
. A IV Bohmah will address the evening s» r-
¦rtce-on "J'tinc?- of UonsosiHO' All are
Xtrj ¦¦ ¦¦->: *Ni;V*r> Church cf Jesus Christ. 320
P -•' -; ''- i'rea t..i.i\ Ua~ eeL l>y W. W. Green,
- esJi-aiary froisj Monol-taJ 7:« r >. preaching:
eut-Jeot. '-H'-'i- rm'i. r. of All Things an<i the
-:..¦•:• "i;:. o: :t.fc« Body. There ReiaaSn-
;..,. rn*refor« a liest -for the People of
..:..¦¦' All ar* welcome. Hear, compare, then
•.-¦jij< ! . , :..¦•'¦ - . ¦
AFSOCIAtTON Hsil. Ua»on and ElUs sts—
*lle*tir_E' lot mon only to-day at S o clock;
the first of f.vp practical talks to men only
by H. J. McCf.y.. ; g.-n«r_l ¦ *efT<-tary; •_"»_*«
• ..-.\-v "The Toons Man an 3 His t-tar.dard.
Beats -free; pood .music;, youcg n:en in gen-
*-:ai <-criial2j- lnvit«-i. -
STEADY, sober man of 27, with. 8 years' offlce
experience bookkeeper and cashier, would
like an office position, whereby I can advance
myself; salary. t3T> per month for flrst sis
months: best of references. Address box 2739,
Call office. Oakland.
BELGIAN HARES. „ __ .
After visiting other rabbitrles call and ccc the
largest etock of choice Belgians this side of
See n £oitb EX>INBORO (Imported), sire
CHAMPION EDINBORO. dam PALACij
QUEEN: absolutely the grandest Belgian in
A Pep rl DUKE a OF CLARENCE (Imported), by
Champion Faehoda.
See SIXTEEN TO ONE (Imported), by
Champion Cayenne.
These three make the grandest trio or Bel-
gians owned by one firm in America if not in
th 25 "grand IMPORTED does by CHAMPION
EDINBORO. CHAMPION S**g***s±Jk A ?Sr
J'lON FAPHODA and MALTAN MYSTERY.
200 choice domestic does from all the most
popular strains, bred and with litters, at low
1>r our" twenty years' business reputation In
this city a guarantee of fair dealing and relia-
' our fine stock a Standard by which to Judge
hares; a pleasure to furnish Information to in-
quirers.
Visitors welcome. Open until 8 p. _m.
PAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO..
SAM C. HAMMOND, Manager.
OFFICE AND SALESROOM — Spreckels
Market; telephone Main 5628.
RABBITRY— IUIS Shotwell Bt.; telephone
Mission 47.
MEETIVO NOTICES.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 41, A. O. U. XV., vV t«B>
Red Men's Hall. S2O Post Bt.-MONDAT_*OI2
EVENING. Ai-rll 2, reception to vlelt-tJ»y^
Ing representatives. >SSE»
GEO. P. WETMORE. M. W.
C. T. SPENCER. Recorder^ '
CALEDONIAN CLUB— Thirty-fourth v C 7 Nj,
unnu&l gathering ar.d games at CJ\ Q£l
Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on "^KjlJi*
Wednesday , May 30 (Decoration
day), comprising athletic games, feats of
strength, manly eports and many exciting
events.
EMPLOYMEST WASTED MALE.
PRIVATE SECRETARY,
ADVERTISING MANAGER OR
Confidential clerk; gentleman. 2S. desires posi-
tion as above; exceptionally high references
and ability; a trial respectfully solicited. E.
W.. box 3375. Call offlce.
BUSIXKSS CHAXCES-Oontlnned.
PATENTS.
PATENTS.
PATENTS.
FREE! Valuable Money Making Book on Pat-
ents. Tells all about Patents and how to se-
cure them at low cost. Gives 100 Mechanical
Movements — invaluable to Inventors and Me-
chanlos. Tells how Fortunes have been made
from Simple Inventions that others have
laughed at. The little Pocket Dime Bank
made over $250,000. Gives letters of Wealthy
Manufacturers who want good Inventions In
their line. Send us Rough Drawings of all
your NEW IDEAS or Inventions. No charge
for our opinion as to their being New and
Patentable. Advice FREE. Tells how to
Capitalise and Organize Joint Stock Patent
Right Companies. ' This valuable Inventors'
Guide Book mailed FREE to any address. It
Is overflowing with Invaluable Money Making
Patent Information.
BIG BOOK FREE.
BIG BOOK FREE.
BIG BOOK FHEB.
CrSTEARA & CO., Patent Attorneys.
Opp. Patent Offlce, 806 O St., Washington. D. C.
MORE GOLD IN SIBERIA
than In Klondike and Care Nome put to-
gether, and no competition nor hardships;
have concession from Russian Government,
very liberal and worth millions; know the
country and speak the language perfectly:
would like to meet two gentlemen with some
capital, one with some mining knowledge, to
make up party of three; more money to be
made In one year in mining and side enter-
prises In Blb<M*»i than In 20 years tn America
and under favorable circumstances. H. L.,
box 8377, Call office.
$150 — PARTNER wanted; will pay to each over
JCO per month. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Ms
Market st.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 833 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
MAN and wife wish situations on a ranch or
private family. Address box 3303, Cail ode*.
ALFRED WOLLPERT..773 Mission St., pays
the hlrhest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODT (late with J. T. T«rry & Co.) buy*
fumlturs, carjxsta^ 757 Mission; tel. Red 3U2.
A BALOON; money-maker; a great snap to-
day. COWING & CO., 713 Market st.
FINE cor. grocery and bar; good location.. s2soo
Furnished 18-room lodging house $SOO
20dO-acre stock ranch. Monterey County... ssooo
Corner saloon: open day and night $1200
2 lots In Pacific Grove, Western Addition.. s3oo
Well-paying roadhouse 1 mile from town..sl2uO
Second-hand furniture store in country. ••• $600
Saloon 1 block N. Market; rood business. .sl3oo
2-mlle House and barn; 1 acre of land.... $500
BROCKLEHURST & McOLADDERY. 759 Mkt.
FOR exchange — 4 lots, 25x100; unlncumbered;
worth, $800; will trade for any good business
where a living can be made. Apply to J. E.
ELINKET A CO.. Fifth and Market sta.
LADY canvasser wanted! good wages guaran-
teed. Particulars from J. E. SLINKEY 4k
¦ CO., S. D. cor. Market and Fifth st*.
CAP£ NOME MACHINERY.
THE Eureka 1900 beach gold saver; the onlj>
pan motion. 26 Beale Bt.
A COAL, wood, hay and grain yard; money
maker. COWING * CO.. 719 Market Et.
$4S0 — COFFEE and tea store; big bargain this
day. COWING &. CO., 719 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS baker on bread and cakes wants
a steady popltlon. Box 83S0. Call offloe.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
TRANSFER saloon; cheap If sold this week.
Liquor Dealers' Journal, 539 V& California st.
$ISOO— RESTAURANT and bar: best location; no
night work; cheap rent: long lea?e; dally re-
ceipts 565-$7O; stands investigation. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. D3SV» California bt.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. 639V4 California st., room L
GOOD home for 2 or 3 children; near school.
2178 Perry act.
CHILD will find good home with German
widow. IS2 Hickory aye., near Gough st.
SITUATION by man and wife as co^k and
waiter In country or camp. Address WIKF
MAN, 310 Clay St., Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Position by first-class coachman or
proom; wife first-class cook; recently from
Los Angeles. Address box 3355. Ca.ll offlce.
COMPETENT middle-aged man to work about
private place; gardening; good driver and
general man. Box 3132. Call office
SITUATION wanted to work around a private
place; No. 1 hoiseman; strictly temperate
Address box 2T.8. Call office. lc "»P-raie.
$20— MIDDLE flat, 6 rooms. 711 Castro st.. near
Twentieth.
• $ts— Upper flat. 6 rooms, with porcelain
bath. 541 Castro St.. bet. 15th and 19tH.
Ilgl-Sunny flat of 5 rnoma on Twentieth si^
near Ca«fo. F. NELSON. TOD.Castm st.
321 TENTH — 4 larare rooms; large yard and
basement: rent cheap.
ASSAYER. experienced in cold mining, would
like to go to Alaska. Address box 3343. Call.
TINNER practical in furnace heating and yen
tilatlng. Box 3349. Call office.
EXPERIENCED valet wishes a position with
a gentleman traveling. Box 2315. Call.
MIDDLE- AGED man handy with horses and
tools, wants light work: no milking; wages
$10 ;xr month; best of references. H. W., 405
Francisco St.
BOY 16 years old. living with his parents,
wants to learn light trade or any llg-ht work.
D. R.. 403 Francisco st.
$10— UPPER flats, 50-58 Mrrrls aye.. between
Sth and 6th. near Harrison; Just innovated:
good as new. Apply A. J- RICH Jk CO., lit
Montgomery st. - '
110—4 ROOMS; (rood o»Har and yard"; water tr**;
also 4 rc»»ms $8 &> rrieoleyst., bet. Seventh
and Eighth. Bryant and Harrison.
$10. $12— NICE sunny apper or lower flats. IS3O-
1231 Union St.. wast of Hyde.
$9-SUNNY flat 3 rooms; 1320 JessJs- St.. off Hex*,
man. UMBSEN. agent.
WANTED— SmaII business or as working part-
ner: small capital. XV. T., box 3336. Call.
$50 BONUS to any one obtaining permanent
situation for advertiser; good reference and
not Rtraid of work; security if required. Ad-
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
fS— THREE rooms In rood on3?r; irpper part,
305 First et.. above Folsom.
ADVERTISER, 30 years' experience, is open
to an engagement aB manager or part man-
ager In any business: willing to Invest small
capital and take share tn a sound business or
will Join partner in establishing a business.
M. 11.. box 2174. Call.
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount
of money In Cap« Nome property that Is
known to be good. Box 5143. Call.
2 LARGE rooms, with basement. If desired,
and runny yard: cheap. 11 Harlan places o£
Grant aye., near Sutter st.
3 ROOMS and batn; 4 closets: also storeroom.
928 Shotwell st.
$B— LOWER flat and yard. 7ZBH Harrison M..
TWO sunny modern flats,! rooms and bath
each: rent $20 and $25. 971 Golden Qat» »»«.
WALLER. 719 — S rooms and batn: rent reduoe&t
flne condition. MADISON & BURKE.
TWO beautiful sunny fiats, upper 7 rooms and
bath, rent $30; lower 6 rooms and bath, rent
$27 50; large yard: flne basement: 2411 Pine
st.. near Stelner; open to-day: moat desirable
flats in the Western Addition for the price;
strictly modern and In perfect condition. O,
H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery «t.
SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms, bath, raa, rtatlca-
ary tubs; rent reduced. 331 Tehama st.
MILWAUKEE Rabbitry, Rose aye., nursery.
Mills College P. O.— Standard Belgian hares,
both young and breeding does and bucks;
prices reasonable. T. G. ARMSTRONG, prop.
PEDIGREE-BRED does for sale— Nonpareil,
Norman Prince, Yukon and other celebrated
strains; Duke of Lyons now at stud; fee, $10.
Western Addition Rabbitry, 2107 California,
A LOT of genuine pedigreed Belgian does
cheap; finest strains; Yukon, Red Rover, Lord
Brlttan. Sir Styles; see these before buying.
1322 Adeline Bt.. near Sixteenth, Oakland.
STAR Rabbitry. 1217 Harrison St., Oakland,
Cal.. near Narrow Gauge station — Rochdale
Boy and other bucks on service; breeding doee
and young stock for sale:
HIGH-CLASS pedigreed Belgian hares from $5
up. DR. KEY, 1452 Caroline St., near Enclnal
Station, Alameda.
ROSEMONT RABBITRY. 38 Maple court, oft
Fourteenth ft., above Guerrero— Does $5 to $50;
bucks SS to ISS.
THOROUGHBRED pedigreed Belgian hares at
821H Turk st F. O. PARKER.
$450 — CIGAR store: full stock; flne fixtures. 1251
Mission st., corner Ninth.
$400— FINE corner Baloon; 4 living rooms In
rear; rent cheap. Call at E. MARTIN A
CO., 54 and 56 First st.
J2OO— BARGAIN; restaurant clearing $100 per
month; trial given; going to Cape Nome cause
of eeillng. Inquire at 639 Howard, in laundry.
TO let— Barber shop* 2 chairs; rent cheap.
816H Seventh Et, cor. Harrison.
FOR sale— Dairy and milk depot; cheap If sold
at once. Inquire at 320 Sixth st.
FOR sale— First-class saloon at a bargain. S2
Post st., corner Kearny.
$250— SALOON for sale at a sacrifice. Box 8157.
Call office.
BARBER shop and one room, with furniture;
rent $10. 1101 Howard st.
HOUSE of 16 rooms; rent $27 50; $175. 613 V& Mls-
flon »t.; no agents.
BARBER'S good paying 8-chair shop for sale.
2S:< Seventh Bt.
SHOE shop for sale; old established; leaving
city. 6C6 Eddy st.
WINE business for sale; old established; fam-
ily and retail trade; centrally located; owner
retires from business. Address box 3307, Call.
DAIRY and delicacy store clearing $3 day; bar-
gain; must sell; departure. J., box 3194, Call.
$80 — SHOE shop for Bale. 31C Gough St., near
Hayes.
$Coo — BRANCH bakery and notions; laundry
and papers pay rent; present owner 5 years.
13ox B. 106 Eleventh .=t.
RESTAURANT; snap; finest In the city; at a
bargain; on account of departure. Box 3379,
Call office.
RELIABLE woman ¦wishes a situation: a good
laundress; flne hand to wash fla^-els and
blankets: good cook; or steady place In the
country. Call 603 Taylor st.
COLORED woman wishes a place to do house-
work or plain cooking. Call or address 235
Stevenson st.
THAT CARI-OAD OF BELGIANS
Hus arrived and r»>menir»?r, only a part of
them are for tale; We are here to stay and
muft reserve sorr.<? for breeding* but you can
have your choice first: there is no finer se-
lection anywhere and our Imported buck.
Duke of Edlnboro, first prize winner, and
other bucks not t-qualed in America; call or
write to us. 713 Eat>t Twelfth et.. East Oak-
land; reference, Ontral Bank cf Oakland.
MERRILL'S RABBITRY.
li!"0A Georgia St., Los Angeles. Cal., headed
by PRINCE ALBERT, an English winner;
fee $10. When you purchase does in Lob An-
geles Instruct your dealer to have them bred
to PRINCE ALBERT before shipping and ad-
vise us ot such instructions. Fine stock for
sale.
f Ift— COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath; ounny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
$17 50— MISSION warm belt; S-room cottage;
improvements; flne view; grounds: Mission
cars to Powell aye. Inquire 15 Prospect aye.
$11— SUNNY cottage 4 rooms; large yard. 1109
Filbert St.. near Leavenworth.
A— SIO— UPPER flat; three rooms and bath. 4195
Twenty-sixth St., corner Castro.
A LOWER flat. S rooms and bath, 1120 Geary
st. ; rent moderate to a goud tenant.
BARGAIN—* rooms; corner flat; reasonable
rent; well furnished; large plate glass mir-
rors folding bed. stive; must be sold. Call
for 3 days. 1102 Valencia st.
$3— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; yard; respectable lo-
cation. 1705 Turk st., near Scott.
POSlTlON— Housekeeper; American lady with
20 years' experience in hotels, watering places
and private families; 6 years last place; very
best references. Box 3330. Call office.
TO let— Cottage of B rooms; yard. 2307 Polk
street
BRYANT aye., 2718, near Twenty-fifth— Modern
cottage of 4 rooms and bath: sunny; $12.
HOUSE of 3 rooms; large basement and yard;
rent $7. 1021 York St.. near Twenty-second.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NEW flats now ready: 4 to 10 rooms, $20 ap.
At SPECK Jk CO.'S. 667 Market st.
A BRAND new 4 rooms; porcelain bath, electrlo
lights, gas. grates, nice storeroom; grand ma-
rine view. H2l Green st., near Van Ness aye..
one block from O'Farrell or Sutter st. cars.
Ar-NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest fiat In
city for the price; investigate; 6 large room*
and large glaaed, porch: appreciated if ?.^n.
A SUNNY upper and lower: 3 rooms and bath;
only $9 and $10. 5 and 7 Bonita aye.. off Polk
st. near Vallejo.
A COLORED woman would like to do plain
cooking or housework, day's work or plain
sewing. 18 William St., off Geary.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing, Iron-
Ing or house cleaning; $1 a day and carfare.
Address box B, 300 Hayes ft.
COMPETENT, refined young girl, speaking
English, German, Danish, desires position as
nursery governess or child' b nurse; references.
Box S3C4, Call office.
some things to remember when
purchasing belgian hares.
Fire-t, that the
MEADOW BROOK BELGIAN HARE COM-
PANY of LO.S ANG ELKS
Is the largest establishment of the kind In the
WORLD. , •
It Is net a back-yard affair or In the busl-
ntws temporarily.
It Is not doing a brokerage business, buying
where they can pick up a Job lot, but breed
their own stock, their breeding bucko and
does having b^en ppeclally selected by their
Mr. HarrU In England.
Remember that every Belgian Hare leaving
our establishment Is guaranteed to be as rep-
resented.
Our personal reliability any one can learn
frrra the California Bank or the Los Angeles
National Bank.
Remember tliat we are the sole owners of
the fanu.us LOUD BRITAIN. The finest
hares in and about Los Angeles are from this
r.ia£nif:c«-nt sire.
Remember that we are the owners of
CHAMPION DASH,
CHAMPION GOLDEN RULE.
CHAMPION DUKE OF CHESHIRE,
LORD NASON. pronounced the
highest scoring imported buck In the world;
score, 96.
Amcng our list of bucks, besides the above
and which are known all over Southern Cali-
fornia, 4_re
BANBURY DUKE.
PRINCE PRIORY,
LORD SOMERSET.
BRITAIN PRINCE,
SIR LEAMINGTON,
KLONDIKE NUGGET.
BRITAIN SOVEREIGN.
Remember, If you want etock that will sell,
get some of the strains above mentioned.
Remember that we have flne domestic stock
of best pcd'.gTees which we cell cheaper than
such etock can be sold elsewhere, and when
you deal with us you are dealing with reliable
parties.
— —
Remember that we ship stock safely and
promptly.
Remember to send 5 cents In stamps for our
beautifully illustrated souvenir catalogue.
Gives full information regarding building,
breeding feeding, care. etc.
MEAIwW BROOK UEI>OIA-N HARE COM-
S3l-BS3 Grand 'aye., Los Angeles.
Mention this paper.
FOR sale ch«-ap to responsible party—Grocery
and bar; established 15 years; full value in
stock; pays $100 net per month.
HARPER & KREIOER, 312 Examiner bldg.
COMPANIES organized and financed; guaranty
bonds furnished, securing Investors In stocks
against loss; be up-to-date and get your com-
pany "going." Box 1293, Call office.
WANTED— Salesman and office man to take an
Interest In a staple and old established man-
ufacturing business; capital required, $2000 to
$5000 each. Box . Call office.
FOR sale— Lodging-house, restaurant and bar;
good chance for man and wife or two part-
ners; owner going to Cape Nome. Address
"TOM," Postofflee. Stockton.
BELGIAN IIAKI.S
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook;
willing to asfict or general housework In
small family; wages $2" to $30. Apply Mon-
day, 2415 Clay Et., near Flllmore.
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper,
bill clerk or typewriter; references given. Ad-
dress MISS M. R.. box 3150. Call office.
CASHIER or saleslady— Situation wanted by a
young lady with some experience. Box 3165,
Call office.
A RESPONSIBLE young lady rtenographer and
typewriter wants position; salary no object.
Box 3122. Call office.
MME, SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212>4 Sixth st.
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale, or exchange for city or Oakland
property. 10 acres of land near Manlo Park.
with new S-room house and outbuildings. 170
fruit tr»es and vines, all In bearing; large
oaks and ornamental trees: water piped
thmugh the place; Talue $ T .OOO. For par-
ticulars address C. J. 8.. Menlo Park: no
agents. '.
L. 6. CLARK. F-r.iiia !=i reeke!* bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «f.: eonwltatlnn free: no fpe» In advince.
EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
for lady or gentleman with jliOO to $3000, to
Join advertiser in entirely new enterprise to
be established nn Market ft., paying over 500
per cent; references exchanged; chance of this
kind comes not twice; principals only. B. A.
N.. box 3376, CfUl office.
FOH sale on account of death of one of the
partners— A coal yard and business established
for 30 years; buildings and improvements go
with the business; a long lease. Apply at 1118
Folsom st.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
ruroed DrartJc* at r.OI Cal. Ft., ciunie bid*.
LADY wishes position to sew; We day; cutting
and fitting a specialty. MRS. R. C. ROB-
ERTS. 741 Howard st.
A COMPETENT woman wants to do general
housework; good cook and laundress: wages
$20 to $25. Apply 513 Ninth St.. Oakland.
A LADY wishes a posltton as housekeeper In
family; Is a first-cla.=s housekeeper ; also a
good seamstress. Address box 3303. Call.
EXPERIENCED girl wants general housework;
wagos $20. Call 508 Taylor St.
WHEELWRIGHT an! wa_-nmaker; city or
country. Address Wagonmaner. 757 Folsom.
FRENCH cook wants situation In hotal or pri-
vate family. 173 Mlnr.a st.
ASTIIOLOIJV.
WANTED— By good wheelwright, steady Job,
city or country; strictly sober. Address box
3162, Call office.
JAPANESE, good h'-nest man. desires a situa-
tion at salnon work or dishwasher or house-
work. MORITA. 72" Oary et.
L>r-lE!=— Ac»nt.«: fomethliiK new. 608 Ueary
*t.. Pan Fre r'-^ro.
RELIABLE man wants situation as chef In a
hotel or r»stn.urant: flrst-cla-'s city references.
A'lilr<>«s PETERSON, Ho Larkln St.
ARNOLD A DICKSON'S meeting to-night;
all receive tests; everybody Invited. 148
Sixth St., room 1.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Clr. Mon. 8 p. ra., Thur. 2 p. m., 25c; sit. daily.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 835 McAllister; spiritual
readings dally; test cir. to-night, Thurs. at H.
MRS. J. I. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sltttn*. $i. 1104 Market.
SITI'ATION by a first-class cutter, fitter and
designer on ladles' tailoring: late of New
York. Address box 31Ifi. Call orflce.
CANDYMAKER; flrst-clasa man on all fine
candy, ice cream. Al references, wishes
steady position; city or country. Box J-68.
Call office.
YOUNG man as coachman and gardener: thor-
oughly understands his business. Is strlctiy
honest and has f.rst-class references. T.
KAVANAGH. 507 Hyde st.
DR, XV. T. PARKER, the successful healer,
treats all nervous, chronic, throat and ca-
tarrhal diseases without poisonous drugs; con-
sultation and alagnose free. Office, 1027&
Market st.
HOUSE painter, paperhanger. whltener and
decorator wants wjrk; has complete outfit
tools MERIGAN. 1302 Webster St.; phone
AGENTS WANTED.
MAN. sober. Industrious, bandy with car-
penter tools, good at any kind of woaic.
would like a Job: city or country. Address
box 3306. Call office.
GROCERY clerk— Steady y^ung man, 10 years"
experience, wishes position; .country preferred;
6 years one place; bwt references. Box 3300,
Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as good co.lt
in a family. F. H.. 21S Ellis »t.
ATTENTIONI REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle ,
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whola sloce
WRITE *^"
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall la
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MR3. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get off at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
BELGIAN HARES.
FRENCH,Spanlsh,etc..Prof.De FUippe's Academy
of langnage*,32o Post;estab'd 1871; ablest prufs.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Pbelan building.
EDUCATIONAL.
BPIB.ITUAX.IS3I.
THE SA]tf ERAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
BAX TOAiCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf tfce San Francisco
Call, corner rf Market end Third streets, cpea
trs-tll- U-o'rlofk every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street.
""wr n»r;-pji«i until »:30 p. m.
roo R«vm BCreet; open until S>:3o p. m.
M* McAllister street; op*r. until 9:JO p. m.
f35 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
¦J94l.3k!lsFlca street; open until 10 p. m.
J2CI Market street, corner Sixteenth;' open
ebtil • p. tn.
Si* Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
le!>6 Valencia etreot; cp«»n until 9 p. ra.
.123. Ppik street; open until i p. m.
Ncrthweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky-streets: cpen until » p. m.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. O. Barrett. 30! Montgy.
SPANISH— DaIIy Classen, 4 to 9 p. m. Room 10.
fifth floor, Y. M. O. A. building.
LAW taught; bar admission; study spare time.
Box 33?9. Call office.
The annual meeting of lot owners in Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery for the election of true-
tees and other business will be held at the
office of Gunnlson. Booth & Bartnttt. 32S
Montgomery ,t.. on TUESDAY. April \ 1900,
at 12 o'clock m. CHAS. H. CROWKLL, Sec.
ENGROSSING
Resolution* and diplomas a specialty. J. XV.
Griffith. H^ald's Business College. 24 Post «t.
COACHMAN: understands his business
thoroughly: Is capable of taking charge and
care of gentleman's residence; Al references.
Address C. 8.. 1C22 Jackson et.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestto servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, b«t. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
PROF. PEDERSON, the great Swedish healer.
Is prepared to heal all kinds of diseases by
the Valtlmas method; tells your past and fu-
ture, reads your palm free. Call and see him
at 21^4 Polk st.. near Market.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fl*» years.
421 Post st. : telephone Bush 135.
COLORADO Babbitry. 609 n. Twenty-ninth rt.,
L. A.— Breeders high-scoring, pedigreed Bel-
giaiiF; pp<=fial prices on Yukon and Banbury
buck." 3 to 6 months old; score 91 to 93; also
does, bred and unbred; correspndce. solicited.
WARNER & CO. will arrive on the first of the
w<-»k with a stock of Belgian hares from their
L<'S Angeles rabbitry. Further announcements
cf time and location. KEEP TOUR EYE ON
THEM.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MADAM SYLVESTERTthT^eI?DrXtITBd«TUfIc
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee for la-
dles and children 50o; gentlemen $1; hours
from 9 a. m. to 9 v. m. Parlors at 313 Eddy
st. ; no slyn out.
REYNOLDS' Rabbitry— Breeders of high-class
Belgian hares of finest Imported and domestic
stock; any grade of stock supplied at lowest
prices; write me your wants. J. A. REY-
NOLDS. 213 North Spring st., Los Angeles.
F. C. HERROX, 549 South Broadway, Los An-
gelef=, breeder and broker — Domestic and im-
ported pedigreed stock; will fill orders for
dealers on commission; pedigree sworn to; re-
fer you to 'Fri6co merchants; correspondence
solicited.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkln.
STANDARD and Flemish Giants and Yukons;
Lord Britain. Sir Richard and Red Rover
stock, of all ages: all orders filled promptly.
BOYLE HEIGHTS RABBITRY, 2108 East
Seci.ii-1 st.. Loe Angeles.
CLASSIFIED advertlsem^ntu and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Klllmore st.
A BRANCH office for tha reception of adver-
tisements and sub«'cr!rt!<~r.s ha* been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103« Va-
lencia st.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
satisfaction; readings 5Cc and $1. 126 Q'Farrell.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 9214 Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10cT~card reader;
past, present, future, 23c 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings 25c.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice, names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
WILL exchange very desirable lots In Seattle,
Tacoma or Blalne. Wash., for country home
near. San Francisco. A. D.. box 3113. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— 9-ROOM cottage, with barn; 10 Vlcksburg
St., near Twenty-second and Church. SPECK
& CO.
EXPEIIT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,.
10711* Market st. : examinations free: German
eyewater by mail. 50c. Phone, Mint X 57.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms in center of town, within
half-block of Oakland and San Leandro eleo-
trlc ears; with half-acre of fruit, barn and
chicken yard; $15. DRIVER, ABER & CO.,
San Leandro.
2913 CALIFORNIA— Cottage 6 rooms, bath} large
yard.
$6- NEW tenement; 4 rooms; water freei 17
Roscoe st.. Holly Park. Apply 44 Silver St.,
off Third; last of five left.
SITUATION by young American woman to do
light housework. Inquire 12Vfc Scott place.
ELEGANT sunny fiat. 4 Mums. bain. 645 Wil-
low aye.. near Lajruna ft.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 917 Market st.
POSITION wanted as housekeeper tn rooming
house or small family by a middle-aged Swed-
ish widow with a girl of 10; speaks German
and English; country preferred. 147 Fourth
et., rear.
FLAT of 4 rooms: rent $?. 2S Bruce place. In-
quire 1133 Folsom st.. bet. 7th and ?th.
FLAT, t large sunny rooms and basement, $19.
123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third st.
FURNISHED flats; 3. 6 or » rooms. IS up; 10-13
a. m.. 7 St. Mary's, Pine and Kearny.
HARRISON. 921—4 rooms. W: 7 Madison aye..
oft Harrison, 4 rms. and bath: newly painted.
HOWARD, 1133 — 4 nice sunny rooms; larse cel-
lar; cheap rent.
IF ycu want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN* HOWELL. 10 Montg..mary.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by widow of middle
age in family where an elderly person or in-
valid needs care, or any position of trust; ref-
erence Eiven. Box 3165. Call office.
LIBERTY St., 221. between Church and Dolores
— Flat of 5 large rooms and bath: «a_i. sta-
tionary tubs: rent Fli.
MIDDLE flat 7 rooms; 1413 Howard St.. near
Tenth; cheap rent.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children er lndy*B maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WINCHESTER House, 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to 11 £0 night; Jl 50" to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
MISSION, ISH'-i. near Eleventh— Upper flat; •
large sunny rooms; bath and laundry; 122.
NICE upper flat six rooms: 19 Perry St.. off Jd;
rent $17 50. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1* Mont-
gomery st.
RINGOLD, 29. between Eighth and Nintlv— Flat
of 3 large rooms: rent $3.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
LOOKING FOR BELGIANS?
High-bred, fancy creatures from prize win-
ner* In England and America: heavy-weights
and fancy pedigreed stock. Then correspond
with or viHlt I'ITTOCK'S' BELGIAN. HARE
RABBITRY. Elmhurst. Cal. (Prince Britain
and other choice I>ucks at stud.)
EMPIRE Rabbttry, 715 San Julian St., Los An-
geles, branch office, 814 Fifteenth et.. Oakland
—Open daily. 6p. m. to Bp. m. ; Sunday. Ba. m.
to 12 m. : cirrf ppondence solicited ; I have fine
pedigreed Belgian hares, $5 and up; orders
shipped and promptly attended to.
BELGIAN HARES— Large Importation of r^dl-
greed Bo'.gibn hares; Champion Fa-shoda,
Roachdale, Lord Britain, Trinidad and other
celebrated strains. PACIFIC RABBITRY,
Seventeenth and Castro ets., Oakland. Cal.
Vlsito;? always welcome.
RUBS. 1024. bet. Sixth and Seventh, off Howard
— 6 rooms and bath; downtown; convenient;
JIS. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
SACRAMENTO. 13«1— Flat of 3 rooms; rent
$12 50.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 6. HIGGINS' dental parlors'. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plate? that fit from
14 SO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; fee our flesh-colored platee, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. f>Oc; crowns, (3 GO: all work
painless' and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. XV. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE XV. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, J2: bridges, J4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. llth-No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from J*
per set; extracting EOc; gas given.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 60c; painless extraction. DOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
IDEAL told filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for S years; plates. $3; crowns,
*1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. « Eddy st.
EASTERN Dental Parlor, 119 Third st.: crown-
bridge work; ext. painless; full set teeth $7.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk: painless
ext.. crowns, brldgework: open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
DR. CREELET'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 2S".
DR. BUZARD'S'Pog Hospital. Post, Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 7Sc; city visits $1 50: all
animals trented: dngs boordrd. Tel. W>st 636.
$14— "WORTH $13: f!a: °f 5 rooms and bath. Ml?
Pacific aye.. near Hyde.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty; we at-
tend to everything complete: charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 220 California st.. r. 5-7.
FOR BALE — Fine saloon one block from Mar-
ket St.; well stocked; owner sick; going
south. Address box 3121, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
XV. CASWELL. & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
DRESSMAKERS A?IL» SEAMSTRESSES
THE Ean Francisco Dresscuttlnsr School has
taken larger quarters at 411 Van Ness aye.,
the quarters at 305 being too small for the
class; we have a large clans during the day
and one in the evening; now Is the time for
ladles to come and do their summer sewing;
we teach the art of sewing, from the Infanta
robe to the tailor-made gown, for $1 per week;
we also have a kindergarten class In sewing;
%X per month.
BOARDING FUR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE home for children. 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month; large sunny yard; select
neighborhood; mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. 1304 Post St., bet. Geary and Sutter.
LADY owning her home would like 1 or t
children to board; large sunny yard. 2814
Pine «t.
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 337 Geary st. : dresses
made, $3 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pirating factory- All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor A- Moffat.
FLATS WAXTED.
WANTED— In the Western Addition. 2 new
Aats of 5 and 6 rooms each, by two couples
without children; to be ready to occupy, by
August or September, 1900. Address box 3348,
Call efflce.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-pare catalogue free.
COURSE of lessons in drawing or painting. IS;
fire etching on wood and leather taught at
tha ARTISTS' EXCHANGE, 572 McAllister
»t.. near Van Nesa. OCJVIA KIXOSLAXD.
PROF. FINDLAY will open his Juvenile classes
of fancy ballroom and stage dancing Satur-
day, April 7, 2 p. m. Mission Parlor Hall,
Seventeenth st., above Valencia.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
COMPLETE bedroom and dinlng;-room set In
antique oak: also foKline bed in cherry and
other household furnishings, la Dame st.. oH
Thirtieth, nrar Church.
$100— FURNITURE, 5 rooms and bath; rent 111
Call SlO lowa. Potrero, from 3 to 4 Monday.
NEW furniture of 5-roomf Cat; piano; machine;
by piece or as a whole. Box 31S1. Call offlca.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 60. with No
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ADVANCE Carjjet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
28lencia si.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions ban been opened
at 1223 Polk tt. : open until >p. m. .
HOUSES, LIVE! STOCK, Etc For Sale
49 HORSES for rale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
527 Sixth rt.; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN 4- DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
burgy. DALZIEL, Vet. Dentist «06 G. O. ay.
$40— NICE business mare; will ride or drive;
road buggy. $30. v City Ball aye.
PACIFIC Heights— Lots $100 per foot THE MC-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st
"WANTED— Western Addition. Pacific Heights,
Presidio and Richmond corner lota. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st
MUST be sold : store and flat : SE. cor. Mari-
posa and Florida, near Bryant. See owner.
2 FINE business corners, with improvements:
100x100, SW. cor. Church and Seventeenth, and
75x86, cor. Nineteenth and Hartford. GEO
• W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
16250— 3 SUNNY flats; Broderick st, near Clay;
6 and 6 rooms and bath each; key lot; rents
$50; must be sold; for a few days only. Box
m 3165. Call office.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; curee; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills: outfits for sale: agents wanted; send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post ft.. S. F.. Cal.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st, the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $3.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth Bt, Alameda—
Female specialist; home In confinement
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1113 Market
st.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. snd MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
A LIST OF MONEY BAVERS.
families from factory which are out of our
regular line; such makes as Weber, Hardman,
Conover, Behr, Everett and Klngsbury; prices
from $150 to $2CO less than regular price. Also
8 slightly used pianos from $137 up; easy pay-
ments. See us this week If you want a snap.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 OTarrell st.
ARE you In need of a piano? We have a larg*
assortment /of new and second-hand pianos of
the best makers; sold for cash or very easy
payments; $6 down and $6 per month for an
elegant new upright; some good pianoa for
IS, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO.. Stelnway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts., San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
. and Broadway, Oakland.
$5 MONTHLY! $5 MONTHLY!
Lots ready to build on.' }i block from the elec-
tric cars; street work done; prices $100 and
upward. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$10 A MONTH will buy a lot 23x104, on Twenty-
first St., near Bryant: street bltumlnlzed
OSCAR HEYMAN, It Post St.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS * SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$25,000— Third st. near Howard; good building
and basement: rents JISOO per annum.
$16,000 — Geary St.. near Larkin; store and flats;
never vacant: rents $103: make offer.
$11,500 — Geary St.. near Octavia; large lot: Im-
proved; rent low, $936 per annum; never vacant;
good Investment: make offer.
$25.000— L0t 137x137; Fourth st. near Town-
send; old buildings; rents $100; good for ware-
house.
$SoOO— Modern house: Gough St., near Broad-
way; 8 rooms and large attic and basement, til-
ing-, etc.; view of bay.
$2750 — Nice home; Hartford, near Castro and
20th; 6 rooms and bath; mortgage. $1800, can
remain; get in a home for $350 cash.
$2000— -Corner lot: Montgomery aye. and Taylor
st; this Is a big bargain.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery rt.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine gt,
Opposite the Navada Bank.
$12.000— Rent $100; Callfornla-st. corner, near
Kearny;' an excellent 3-story brick house; 29x
65:9 feet.
$33^0— Rent $30; a splendid piece of buetness
property; store and dwelling: lot 25x75.
$8250— Rents $7i»: 4 splendid flats In Western
Addition; lot SOxSO.
$3000 each— 4 lots, 25x90 each, on Ridley st..
near Valencia; fine view.
$1500 each— 6 lot"!, 23x70 each, on Qulnn st.. In
rear of the above.
PARK LOTS— AN EASY METHOD TO GET
ONE.
On Installments — $15 down and $3 per month;
price $150: park lots 25x120 feet each; well lo-
cated; only 5 blocks from the park and 4 blocks
from the boulevard. «.
Only a few of the Garden Tract lots (at the
terminus of San Bruno aye. car line) left,
which will be sold on payment of $3 down and
$5 r>er month Installment.
IF you have lots in Richmond district north of
the Park, that you wish to sell quickly then
call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California, st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. 8. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not lees than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have W-a'.ly declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English pnperly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis it.. San Francisco, Cal., or
E3Q X St., Sacramento. Cal
FIRST-CLASS operators on custom coats and
pants: also prrssmen on coats. BELASCO
A: HARRIS CO.. 141 Market et.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening elapses; special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution- In the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'B BARBER COLLEGE. 63j
Clay i>t. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
ft. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
-— — years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, s
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; tl to $2 per week
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
cummer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 cer wee]
ELMHURST railroad station; 1 acre of land
suitable for a chicken ranch, with house and
barn, for $S5O; easy terms.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 gutter st.
PARK lots for sale fro:Vtng the Ocean Boule-
vard. JACOB HEYM.^V, 117 Sutter st.
SACRIFICE— New 9-room. 3-story house; lot
26:9x100, wtth chicken-house, etc.; suitable
for fiats; must be sold; make an offer- $2COO
or less. SHADBURNE^JIS Sacramento »t.
THE greatest bargain en carth — New house- 8
rooms; alf modern Improvements; lot 85x137\5-
124 Beulah St.. near Halght-st. entrance to
Golden Gate Park.
$4100— HOUSE of two bay-window flats. 5 and *
rooms and bath; lot KxSS; no agent. 4037
Nineteenth st., near Castro. .
FOR «ale— New house and lot Inquire C 9
Flood aye.; sunny side.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thlrtj,
KNABE pianos; new ecale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
WE HAVE WHAT YOU MAY WANT.
YOU MAY HAVE WHAT WE WANT.
WE WANT MONEY WHICH YOU MAY HAVE.
WE HAVE PIANOS WHICH YOU MAY WANT.
Our pianos are the DECKER & SON, PACK-
ARD, and BOOTHE BROS.; we have many
good second-hand Instruments varying In price
from $75 to $275; call for price lists and terms.
MAUVAIS' Music House, 769 Market st.
ALL kinds of musical instruments sold for cash
or installments at lowest prices at MAU-
VAIS' 769 Market st.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
- ¦-. r.n. _.--¦¦¦ ¦_-_-._!- ,.r.
Office o;*n at 7 a. m
For railroad work Free fare I
100 pick and shovel men j
M t*-a.m*ter« i
20 laborers on concrete work j
I>g-Jlar wages Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary «t
AT C. R. HAN'FHN & CO/B l'> 4 Geary st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook an-1 wife for resort. S100; meat and
pastry cook for springe. |7a; fry cook, restau-
• rant, 150: barkeejjpr who can play violin, for
rprir-gs; barber end do porter work for «uni- i
tit retort; C waiters, $15 to $40; porter, coun- |
*.r> hotel. $10; third- cook, country hotel, $3S; I
10 dlfc-bwfcehers arid kitchen hands $30 $23 i
and J2O I
MISCELLANEOUS
4 black powder men. %2 SO a flay and free
fare: 2 machine men for mine. 13 a day: 6
¦ quartz miners. $2 IA a day: band sawyer and
' «-dgerman for large country sawmill, see
party h<-re; gang ednerman. $40 and board;
Uiil edgei-man. ISO; tlacksratth end thoer
c.iy, $17 CO a wfcek; 10 farmer*. $20, $26 and
$30; gardener and wife. $40
.0 lutr.ber pil«-rs, country sawmill, J3o"and !
found: see boss h»re I
Painter and paper-hanirer f£r summer 're-
sort. HBO a day and found. C. R. HANSEN
& 00 . 104 Geary St.
A— TO-DAY 'Sunday), eausagemaker for coun-
try fhop; 140: Bee bn*s here. C. It HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary et.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
tnent. H. Bernard. See., 104 7th; tel Jessie 14J.
A. A.— 4 CARPENTERS for a ehort Job. Apply
Monday at 7 a. tn., at 22S Mission St., to ar-
range for work at 8 a. m.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; only I
. month* required; firct-c'asc "Instruction. For
particulars address Gordon Barber College, 411
N. MsJn Et., Lot Angele*. Cal. ' .
PLUMBER'S boy helper. <23 Golden Oate aye..
U. HUFSCHMIDT.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in one
day; 15 years' successful practice In 8. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market St.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renownel
ladies' ipeciallst; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in 8. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^ Market st
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st., cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours, 10 a. m. to 1] m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. ra.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $J; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st, bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 6 p. in.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; homo
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, 15; any ailment; consultation free. 941
Post i-t, between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
Ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tine methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5
GIHLB WANTED
To work on shirts: bes^nners taught LEVI
? STRAUSS & CO.. MH Fremont st; elevator.
J\'lt.-T-CI.AS. C *r.i«h*rs end operators on eas-
tern rants. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market «t.
) IKST-CLAFS ;i»:.tsgn!iher wanted. Call ay.
1008 Clay. «t.. ne*r Powell.
GIRL, general housework. 223 Walnut st; bor
_. assist*.
APPRENTICED for tejlortr.g; paid while
:<*rnlnc. BELASCO &. HARRIS CO.. (41
MirkK'it
EXPERIENCED f.risher* <-n ladies' cloaks and
suits. Apply L. HORVITZk 7XI Market it
WANTED tramediately-La^les to do home
work; no canvassing; J9 to Jll weekly; work
rfn\ any distance. Address Standard. 143
V.v*t Twecty-thlrd et.. New Tork.
nii.ST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom fcsxts. 541 Market et.
NIGHT school rerjens April 2; speed clazs $3
per mo. Ayr*p' P.uslr.eE* Ccllegf. 713 Market
CLASSIFIED «<Jvert!«ements and *übscrlptlons
receHed at <"*!! branch office. J2IO Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
- 'tiwir^n's and subscriptions has been cpened
.at 12a Polk et. : epen till S p. m.
A BRANCH offle* for the reception of adrer-
t:B*rr.»:.Ts ar.-i •¦•ul>»<':rir..'-i"r;s hes been opened
«.t 128 Folk ft. : open until 9p. m.
MUSICAL INSTRU.MEXTS.
A LARGE NUMBER OF FINB BARGAINS
IN ETEINWAY,
WEBER,
CHICKERING,
HAI. ES BROS..
BUSH & GERTS.
ELLINGTON,
AND OTHER PIANOS.
The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchased by Us.
It will pay you to call and see them.
UPRIGHTS S5O UPWARD.
SQUARES $23 UPWARD.
ORGANS $20 UPWARD.
BYRON MAUZY,
SOS POST ST.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER &. CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
MEN and women to appoint agents, local and
travfeiln«;: salary to begin 150 month, ex-
penses; rapid advancement: permanent posi-
tions. BUTLER &. ALOER. New Haven, Ct
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 15c
to SOc. Ut Mission st, bet. Ist and 2d at*.
CARPET traveler wanted: state experience,
etc. Box 33M. Call office.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. II per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. It 2 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BALESMAN for hardware In Ban Francisco
and surrounding towns; permanent position
to energetic party; experience not necessary.
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co., 16 Wick block. Cleveland, Ohio.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers and coat pressers.
BELASCO St HARRIS CO.. Ml Market St.
WANTED— First-class woodworker for heavy
work. 128 Spear st.
ON chattel mortgages, estates, rents, real es-
tate, etc. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D. McRAE, 743 Mission st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security,
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchge., 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 369 Parrott build-
ing—Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLET. 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and ycu need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
LOST AXD FOUXD
LOST 10 days ago from Tamalpais Land &
Water Co.'s pasture, near Mill Valley, one
sorrel mare, about 14 hands high, white spot
on forehead, white saddle mark on left side,
white on left hind foot. Return to L L
JANES at Mill Valley: receive liberal reward.
FRIDAY. March 72. about t a. m., prayer-book,
"The Little Manual of the Sacred Heart," on
tha way to Dominican Church, from corner
California and Steiner its. Please return to
2523 California si. and receive reward.
(STRAYED— A Yorkshire terrier; long silver
gray hair; does tricks. Phone Pine 76; liberal
reward.
HOI'S ES WANTED.
BUNNY modern furnished house for one year
or more; must have some yard. Address box
8341, Call office. ¦' '- -
HOUSE 10 to IS rooms; no agents. Address H.
C, Call branch, 10&8 Valencia at.
HIGHLY respectable private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 845 Market
et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch It Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 20 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planoi; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st
AT 12« Kearny st., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elavator. Tel. Davis 9SS.
ON furniture and planoe without removal: quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohue building, 1170 Market st
On real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or planoe; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER <fc CO., 26 Montgomery.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and sliver
bought; send postal. COLEMAN'S, 60« Kear-
ny st.
PROPEKTY WASTED.
CHEAP for cash— Lot or house or flats; West-
ern Addition preferred. Answer box 8310, Call.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
HOUSEBOAT for sale or to leaae; completely
furnished ark or houseboat which will acoom-
modate four or more; sitting room, state
rooms, kitchen and wash room: all hand-
somely fitted ud; two boats. For further in-
formation address box 3344, Call.
TO let — A furnished house; 10 rooms, with mod-
em Improvements; large garden, lawn, etc
Apply on premises, 2143 Larkln at., after 4
p. m., or of owner, S. OTIS, at SIS Montgom-
ery st.
A COMFORTABLE furnished fiat. T rooms,
bath, piano, telephone, connect with 3 car
lines, to rent 4 months. Apply 857 Hayes st.
IN Mill Valley — Wynnehurst; completely fur-
nished house of 8 rooms; choicest location;
bath, stable. 1417 Post rt., or Wynnehurst.'
WANTED— A waiter; $S k week. 813 tfonteaiu
cry aye.
PANTSMAKER wanted. Apply clc*r»stand.
Unlon-st. car station. Presidio.
GRUBSTAKE — 60 miners and laborers for Nome
mid return; iZ per day. board and lodging;
must have rreponslbl? and reliable psxtlos. S9
Murphy bldg.. i2S6 Market. 10 to 12 and I to I.
BOY wanted. Apply at Unlon-equare Market,
rtalls 1 and 2.
BARBER wanted to buy barber shop; modern
furnishings; 2 revolving chair*, etc.; beat lo-
cation in Alameda; will sell very cheap; as a
whole cr in lots to suit; cash or Installment)).
Apply Oakland Auction Co., 465 Twelfth st ,
Oakland, or E. D. JtTDD. 1424 Park St., AJa-
meda.
BARBERS— For sale the best 1-chair shop in
the State ; price S*W- Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st
S NON-UNION paper-hangers; none but good
workmen need apply; beet wages paid. JAMES
CAH ILL & CO.. 408 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
PROTESTANT man and wife In country town;
wages 137 50. Apply MRS. CATTELL. 625
Eighth Et.. Oakland.
MAN wanted to deliver and collect in Baa
Francisco and vicinity; $15 w»ek and expenses.
Address Delivery Dept.. Peoples' Co., Forti-
eth and Market ets.. Phllad-Jphia, Pa.
WANTED — Messenger boy. Apply own hand-
writing; state eige and give references. P.
O. box 2048.
BARBER wanted to buy best located barber
shop In Alameda; modern furniture, two re-
volving chairs, French plate mirrors; fine
business chance; will sell very cheap as a
whole or In !ots to suit, cash or Installments.
Apply to Oakland Auction Co., 4€6 Twelfth
St., Oakland.
WANTED- First-class ladies* tailors at
6CHIMMEL & STOVER'S, 408 Butte7 St.
ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists and elec-
trlcfans; send 10c for new 40-page pamphlet
containing l!et of questions asked by examin-
ing board of engineers. GEO A. 2TIELLER,
Bookseller, Et. Louis, Mo.; mention San
Francisco Cal
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market: 100 rooms;
2"o to $1 u0 per night; $1 £0 to $8 p«r week;
free 'bus and bao;e;Rffe to and from th« ferry.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully dfted hands. 1343 Howard st.
BLANKS eecond-hand clothing store. 79 Ninth;
full value given for ladies', children's cast-off
clothing, trunks, etc. Phone, Howard 11S2.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden St.. Oakland.
WANTED— OId *old for manuf'ir. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen, 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansoma St.
iioi;ke§ to uv.t.
A— PRINTED list; hou«*s to let; e«nd for clr-
\ cular. G. H. UMBSEN f. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HAMPTON place, 15, oft* Folsom St.. b»t 3d tuid
Sd — Hunny hou»ej *S1 j T rooms and bath.
KEARNY and Greenwich st». i cosy houses of 5
roonifl, nicely papered and painted! good
plumblnjr. Particulars of JULIEN' BMITH,
real estate agent, 420 Montgomery Rt
LARGE furnished house, sunny porches, spa-
clous grounds. J. A. 11KMMKL., Bay Station.
Alameda.
OLIVE aye.. 6SO, near Lajruna^ — ! rooms and
bath; rent very cheap. MADISON St BURKE.
BTEVENSON, 194—6 rooms; near Market; rent
cheap. MADISON St BURKE.
SUNNY 4-room house; large yard; low rent to
steady tenant. 1705 Maxon; cable car passes.
12-ROOM fine modern place. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. Ui Market at.
MONEY TO LOAJt.
ANY proposition, any amount; < per cent; first,
*«cond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legaule*. corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice fr«e. G. E.
OLfiEN, room 16, flnt floor, Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at $ per cent; Ist, 2d and, 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business elsa-
where. It. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 8.
G. D. MORPE. photographer, 2606 Pacific aye.,
between Pierce and Scott; phone Steiner $381
MRS. DR. L. BURGER, late matron of Ger-
man Hoeoital, N. V., specialist for bladder,
kidney, skin diseases and cancer, office 106
Fourth st. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. San
Mateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer on
my left leg. I was treated by Mrs. Burger.
106 Fourth «., and certify that I was cured
In a short time. Wm. Oeterhold. San Mateo.
A FINE suit to order $10 73, or pants $3 75; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell cheap-
er than ready-made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., bet. 7th and Sth, prop. One-price Tallor-
orlnc Co.. 632 Kearny, near Sacto.; also 1644
Market st. , under St. Nicholas.
AT LEDERER'S. the fashionable hairdresser's,
you get the very newest hair devices for only
'25c; see the fine street wigs he makes a speci-
alty of. 123 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portlerts; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
EDW. BELLE — Oudry, photographic Parls-
lenne. Entrance 16th. nr. Washington. Oakld.
PAY 12 PER CENT
$12.EC0— Han.Isorr.e new flats on Van Ne«s aye.;
contain 7 rooms each; latest sanitary plumb-
ing; marble steps, etc.; expensively finished; an
excellent investment in a s*f!! district.
JOilo-l'.ranl-new house; 775 Cole st.. bet. Wal-
ler anJ Frederick; fine. new. sunny house, con-
taining i roorr.s, bath, etc.; wineroum and laun-
dry in basement; lot 2,".x1w; street bttumlnizeU.
$31M — A gem of a house, on Ninth aye._ two
blocks south of the park; contains reception
hull, large parlors, dining rfxim ani kitchen uu
first f.uor; 4 bedrooms and bath on sscuni fioor;
line finished bailment; Uiest sanitary piumb-
ir.g; 2 mantels; bay windows front and rear,
commanding a superb vjew o£ park anil bay; tt
yuu are locking for a new, up-to-date house ia
a desirable location, don't fail to see this one.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
DOWNTOW N INVESTMENT.
$27, KMi — Pays 7 p<*r cent net; handsome 4-story
and basement building; 1 block from Alhambra
Theater.
$2400— $250 cash; pretty bay- window on Clement
st.. near Fifth aye; contain* a rooms, bath,
etc.; only small amount cash required down;
the monthly payment will be moderate.
LYON & HOAO, 114 Montgomery st
$7250— MUST be pol.i; fine residence of » rooms
on Cay St.. near Scott, faclr.g Alta Plaza; lot
25xlbu; cost owuer na !>"-»>: make as oSer.
$6600— Rent C 7 M: ' new bay-window fiats,
containing i and S r./. et-. ; latest plumb-
ing; every modern n il«-:ue; lots of sun-
shine; large lot, 2-xll. . 'v,t.)n «t, near Page.
17750— Fine, laraa comer; Baker St.. cor. of
Fulton; lot *-.'\ ¦•;;¦';.. 2 < .-^ 1 flats. S and i rooms
and bcth each.
J7750— Rent $S3; all r»nt»d; splendid Invest-
ment In best re«Mer>ce section of Mission warm
belt; lot 60.\1U; improvement In aprle-ple order.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$3500— Fulton tt.. bet. Brodertch and Baker;
good 5-room cottage, with porcelain bath; high
basement- nice, sunny home; lot 25x10t).
LYON & BOAG. 11l Montgomery st.
MADISON & 81.-RKE. Real Estate Agents.
«2i Market St.. opp. Paiac* Hotel
Established ISC-3.
$17,000— Futon st, bet. Polk and Van Neaa
aye.; lot s<>xl2o to Ash are.
$14,000— Pine St., near Hyde; 8 fiats; rents
$115; lot 34:4x137:8.
$7000 — Modern flats on Fillmore St., near Mc-
Allister; rents $50; a bargain.
$60CO— Folsom st., bet. Third and Fourth; >
stores; rents $42 60; lot 4-'.\; '.
Choice corner for flats— Webster st and Wll-
dey aye.; 27:6x51:3; old improvements; now pac-
ing good interest; $Z: >.¦ ca3h. balance easy terms.
J7700 — McAllister St.. near Steiner; elegant
house, 8 rooms and bath; 28: 8x110.
$Sooo— McAllister st, near Laguna; rents $S7;
lot 27:€x120 to Locust aye.
$JOC0 — Baker St., near Sacramento; S roots*
and bath: In perfect order; 25:8x102:4.
$2500— Pearl, near Market: S rooms aad bath;
25x80.
$2300— Bryant St., near Seventh; S cottages;
renta $20; lot 20zS0.
$3100— Oak Grove aye.. near Harrison it;
rents $2S; lot 23x112.
J42So— Octavla st.. near Haight; an elegant lot
for modern fiats: 37:6x57:«.
J3300 — Greenwich St.. bet. Stockton and Pow-
ell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
$2000— York st.. near Twenty-fifth; 5 rooms and
bath; lot KxlOO.
$130 A —Day St.. near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot £ixll4.
JtSOO — Cortland aye.. near school bouse; 25x
lOv; contains 8 rooms.
MADISON & BURKE.
C 8 Market st. opp. Palace HoteL
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.).
513 CALIFORNIA 'ST.
IMPROVED.
Cor. Market anil Valencia; old Improvements.
23xir«T— city Hall aye.
2j.Pxl2S:9 — Union st.. near Taylor: 3 modern
flats and rear house; rents $.tT: 112.500.
25xlCO — Folsom st.. near K'.shth; store. 2 flats
and rear house; rents t f £; if-oGO.
23x120— Sacramento, near Hycla; house 9 rooms
and bath- rent $3.".; $7000.
25xS0; Fourth st., near Harrlsort; store and
flat: $*i«00; sale urgent.
25x137:*— Grove st., near Central aye.: new 3-
story bay-window fiats: rents $J0: $6;0O.
112:6x37:6x57:6 — Corner Kearny and Greenwich
sts.; 10 two-story houses: rents $<0; $6000
43:1»ix137:6, w!th an L— Vallejo st.. near
Mason: cottage, two fiats and rear hous«-
rents $64; $*YA !
25x122:6— 0app st. near Twenty-third; modern
6- room house; ibZQO.
34:4x137:8— Sacramento it. near Hyde- cot-
tage: $4o(K).
45:*x<K:10 — Corner Bay and Midway; cottage
and flats: rents $20: J4."o<>.
25x100 — Webster St.. near Filbert; 5-roora cot-
tage; %42Z0.
2JxSI:6 — TtVenty-feurth st.. near Dclores; 2-
story house. 6 rooms and bath.
25xSO— Diamond st., near Twenty-fourth; cot-
tage: rent $13; $r.OO.
23x'P— Auburn st., rear Pacific; I-story house;
, rents $2J; $17PO.
20x60 to rear street— Salmon at., near Pacific;
$1500; 2-story house.
UNIMPROVED.
SsxS7:6— Valencia St.. near 17th; $10,000.
30x90 — W. of Mission St.. S. of Army; 3 lots.
25xS3— McAllister st.. n»ar Webster: »S«X).
2."xli X*— McAllister st. near Lyon; $2230.
25xi:57:*-Frederlck St.. near Cole; $Cf)OO.
2;,x137:6— Cole st. near Frederick: $2CCO.
25:2x100— fnion st. near Pierce: $1300.
80x71:10 — SE. corner Po!k an-1 Lombard sts.
JSOxIIo — NW. corner of Fountain and TwentV.
fifth st 3. •
REST PATERS. ~~ ~
10 years' rent at $20.. 52400.
10 years in Installments, with the above
YOUR HOME IS PAID UP.
Go out and see the new 2-story. $-room
house on Ninth aye., between California and
Clement sts: 5-room and bath house on Hoff-
man aye.. Bermaa Tract: 4-room and bath
on Buena Vista, near Twenty-ninth and
Mission sts. You can buy for your rent
money with which you are now enriching the
landlord.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner and Builder.
117 Butter it.
WANTED-— A flrvt-cIaFP furniture »aleem*n for
Bacnunento. Apply to-day, Pundar. from 19
r. m. to 1 p. m., at BS3 Market et., room T,
WANTED— A bright energptte young man for
dr.nifsUc dry rood* department for Sacra-
mento. Aw>ly to-day, Sunday, from 14 a.
m. to 1 p. tn., at E23 Market et., room T.
WANTED-— A roung man for elothine depart-
ment ; one wtth experience. Apply to-day,
Sunday, from 19 su m. to 1 p». ra., at 593 Mar-
ket et.. room T.
YOUNO man Trell acquainted w!Ui business
hous*» <<* puiie'tor for printing Arm; refer-
ence required. Box 8354, Call efßc*.
TOUNO man with USS can make $49 a month,
room and board; no experience required)
money used In buntoere. 63i Market room 14.
FIRBT-CLAS9 ladles' tailors wanted. FRAN-
CBS, Tftc gutter *t
WANTBD—TMIori ROOS BROS., 25-87 Rw
ny at
YOUNO men to ro whaling; no experience re-
quired. L. UTv'T. Battery and Jaokpvn Eta.
BLACKSMITH'S helser wanted on waar<in and
truck work. CiT, Branrtan «t.
WANTED— Boy to work ia coal jmnl. SIS Ninth
street.
FOR «ale— Flrst-etese boardlngr-houset 49
rooms s nir-^ly furnished' well located; doing
payinn business! ln<?»n»e frem *W to fIOOO a
month. FRANK W. ELY. 640 Market st.
S3 ROOMP! newly furnished throughout; good
location: transfer po'nt; ehenp rent; thjs )p a
great bargain if Bold immediately RIVBRS
BROP., Mi Mont^rnmery st.
A— WANTED! good tenants for new houses)
Po and 150 rooms. At SPECK & CO.. 6«7 Mkt
ELI7OANTLY famished house. 9 rooms, bath,
laundrvj nlee yardj permanent rpomersi
profitable investment! 4 Wocks frrym Market;
hew an-! clean. 4"3 i Golden Gate aye.
M. MftcLEOD'P rpeclaltr Is buying, gelling and
exchanging lodging-housest If you have such
business It will pa* »ou t? e«J' at I' o6 Market,
near Tenth. With H. W. H. PATTgRSON.
PAYING 19-mom bouse for eaie at a bargain.
Box 5355, Call officer
H P.OOMSt bath l furniture good I owner leav-
ing city 1 cheap if eo\d before April l! halt the
rroms for housekeeping. 4ZB Sixth st.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents. The Weekly Call,
II p«gp>. In wrapper, for tn«Mltng, $1 p<;r yeaft
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
A LOPoTNO^HOUP^of » TomnsT jTTErIdTsC
near Taylor, Owner 734 Pchrader st.
WASTED— French poodle (male) to go to Cape
Nome; must be full groTrn; state age, color
and price, Box 5350, Call office.
WANTED— OId fast-flying pigeons; no squabs.
For terms and Ehlpping directions apply to
Ban Francisco Trap Shooting Association, 128
Market gt .
WANTED— A No. 1 rockaway by KANFS A
DALY, Fourteenth and Webster srw., Oakland.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cafh. H. L. WHITF,HBAP. 1710 Market st
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
On very ea»y payments; choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H ar.J
I sts., Elghte-nth and Nineteenth fives.; right
on the Park anil the new Nlnetcenth-ave. bou-
levard- most of the lota already «olJ: balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investment*, govnl
building lots: ail ready; lota on official grade:
maradamlzed; water- p!p*s laid: plank side-
walks; 6 per cent Interest only.
SEE THE HOU.-Ea NOW BUILDING— YOUK
OWN TERM 3.
Money advanced for buiiilinu purpcaes: elec-
tric cars pass the property; see thU block at
once; go to our branch office to-(iay. cor. H Bt.
and Ninth aye.; price lisw etc.. there or at our
office BALDWIN A ik'WELU
V) Montsoraery st.
ELEOANT new IVstury cutta&e o£ 7 rouiaj In
Excelsior HunwsieaJ. on Lisbon St.. near
China aye.; pan down, balance monthly pay-
ments same as rent. Particulars BALDWIN
& HOW ELL. -;¦--. --¦•-
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BARGAlN— Stelnway. J125; store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co., 136 Ellis st
DON'T buy; rent a new piano, $3 per month.
6COTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st
W. G. BADGER, 112 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st. '
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins. zitherß. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
$JS— STORE, NW. cor. Post and Baker, with
fixtures; 3 rooms In the rear; concrete cellar.
! NEAV store, with 3 nice, sunny living rooms;
, suitable for grocery; rent $14. 4392 Seventeenth.
FOR rent— Elegant offices In Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis sts.
EIGHTH, 221—3 eunny rooms with ptorej rent
cheap.
PACIFIC. 326 and 328— Two handsome large
stores; very cheap.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jones,
PERSON A I-S.
INFORMATION wanted of young man named
"TUTTLE," who was studying dentistry In
come dentist's office in this city about 1592; ia
now about 27 years old; he is sole heir to an
estate In the Kast Address Curtin's Detective
Ag«ncy.
A GENTLEMAN, middle-aged, medium height
(valuable mines, Alaska, acquired last fall),
desires acquaintance matrimonially inclined;
good-appearing lady, under 40; some ready-
money; must be Protestant Church member.
Address only with full particulars box 5373,
CaU office.
HONORABLE gentleman, large mine owner at
Nome, wants lady partner with come cash to
invest. Box 3361. Call office. '
AN American, 35 years old. some means, wishes
acquaintance t>f lady ot Borne means, city or
country, matrimonially inclined. Box 3337.
Call.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3CKW — Rent $30\) per annum; store and 3 rooms
and. 3 tenements; near Fifth and Shipley sts. ¦
¦ $1500— Rents $163 p»»r annum; to close an ea-
tate: near Jonea a/»d Pacific sts.: cottage of 6
rooms and lot; only $600 cash required.
$350<>— Rents $43S per annum; Vallejo st.. near
Hyde- st. cars; 2 flats and lot.
J42iO — Rents $-420 per annum: Mission warm
belt; 2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms; brick foundation.
etc.; 30x130; nice stable on rear street.
$7000— Rents $672 per annum: Pine st. : 2 fir.a
modern flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each;
25x127:6.
$10.25i>— Rents $S7G per annum: Bush st. Inside
of Van Ness aye.: 2 flats of 7. « and 6 rooms
and bnth each; 27:3Hxi»2':11.
512.5i.iO — Elegant Pacific Heights mansion: 14
rooms, 2 baths, butler's pantry, laundry, <*tc. ;
23:4x137:6; grand unobstructed marine views.
$10, 000— Rents $S7O per ar.num: bargain: 2 ete-
cant new modern flats of 8 and 7 rooms and
bath each; Bush at; 27:8x137:6.
$1600— Rents $240 per annum; Zoe St.; 1 houses
and lot.
$6200 — Very cozy cottage on Devlsadero st. : 5
rooms, bath and basement; 27:6x100; to close
an estate. . ¦
$5500— Very cheap lot; choicest location on Pa-
cific Heights; elegant residences on all sides;
40x127:8ii.
$3500— Rents $360 per annum; Sacramento st. ; 2
flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath each; bay win-
dows, brick foundation, etc.; 21x132. ••
On very easy terms— Lot? at Waller and
Steiner sts. of the German Savings and Loan
Society; lots all ready to build on; terms, one-
quarter cash, balance at 7 per cent; only a few
left.
phoica list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County 25c.
Call and obtain one of otir "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTIES
At Salesroom. 1* Monteomery Street,
MONDAY. April 9. 1900.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
Choice Kearny-street Investment.
299-211 Kearny st. W. lino, near Sutt«-r. : sub-
stantial 4-story brick building; rents $S2S per
month; lot "3x57:5 to rear street.
Choice Investment tn Wholesale District
lc*9 Sansome st, W. line, near Bush; substan-
tial 3-story and basement brick building; rent
$175 per month; lot 23:11x37:6 to rear alley.
Choice Fourth-street Business Property.
224. 224, 223 and 2SO Fourth at.. SW. line., be-
tweeD Howard and Folsom: 3-story frame build.
Ing, consisting of 3 stores and lodging-house;
raita $125 per month; lot 50x75.
Choice Eddy-street Investment
Undivided Half Interest.
617, 819, £21 and 523 Eildy et.. S. line, between
Hyde and Larkln; 4 two-Ktory frame dwellings
of 9 rooms and bath each; proportion of rent
for undivided half lnt**rest $3<J 50 per month.
Referee Pale.
The two following proiiprt'es, by order of
Charles S. Burnell, sole referee. Subject to
confirmation by the court:
765-767-769 Mission st.. SE. line, between Third
and Fourth; substantial 3-story and basement
brick building, consisting of 8 stores and lodg-
lng-houae; rents $246 per month; lot Sln.loo.
No. J.
SW. corner Bush st. and Grant aye. ; substan-
tial 4-story and basement brick building: store
on ground floor and 3 floors above uaed for
lodging purposes; rents $105 per month; lot 22x
23; subject to a claim for taxes for the widen-
ing of Grant aye. (Du»ont st.)
Referea Sale in Partition.
The following property, by order of O. H.
Umbsen. sole referee. Subject to confirmation
by the court:
9EB-655 Mission st. SB. line, between Fifth
and Sixth; two 2-story and basement frame
houses; rents $62 SO per month; lot 42x30.
Executrlce's Sale.
SW. corner Fifth and Folsom, sts. ; 306 to 310
Fifth st. consists of 2 stores and 4 flats of 3
rooms and bath each; 901 to $05 Folsom st. con-
sists of 8 stores, 3 flats and lodging-house;
renta $229 60 per month; lot 73x90.
Executrlce's Bale.
43! and 455 Stevenson et.. SE. line, between
Fifth and Sixth sts.; Improvements consist of
factory, store and dwelling; rents $63 per
month; lot COxSO; subject to confirmation by
the court.
Choice Western Addition Corner.
729-731 Flllmore St., SW. corner Grove; I bay-
window houses of S and 11 rooms and bath each :
brick foundations: stone walks; both streets
accepted; lot 50x112:6.
Choice Richmond Cottage.
113 Thirteenth aye., near Lake st. ; cottage of
4 rooms and bath; high basement and stable;
lot 25x120; this property faces the proposed
new panhandle between the Park and Presidio.
Administrator's Sale.
City Hall aye.. SE. line. 175 feet NE. of City
Hall Square; lot 25x120: subject to confirmation
by the court.
Executrtce'B Sale.
270-272 Lexington aye., W. line, between 19th
and 20th sts, ; 2 bay-window flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each: rents $1"! per month; lot
25xS0; subject to confirmation by the court.
Choice Resider.ce Corner.
2SOI Webster st., NW. comer of Green: sunr.y
desirable residence of 11 rooms and bath, enm-
mandlng a fine, unobstructed marine view;
stone foundations, etc.; lot 137:6x137:8.
Peremptory Sale.
88, line Buena Vista aye.. close to Halght
and Baker sts.; 2 choice re3lder.ee lota; 23x125
each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st
—FOR a eyndicate and bank You'll suit
12 men or strong boys to dig small trenches
so water can run down between vlnee, trees,
etc.; help generally; what you don't know
the general manager will teach you; wages
IV) per month and found; fare $1 ll.Look here
15 men or strung boys to pull rhubarb and hoe
in an orchard (no experience required), fare
80c ti7 W and found
MECHANICAL HELP, ETC
4 blacksmiths (shope, ranches, etc.), 145 and
found. X £0 day; carriage trimmer, $3 day;
hand sawyer, $4 day; tall-etlger hand, $2 75
day; blacksmith's helper for a gold mine,
$60
TO THE MINES.... SPECIAL R. R. RATES
1* laborer* (no experience required), you'll
suit, wag** Hi per month and found; steady
Job: 12 miners, different gold mln*s. f7f> and
$3 day: 15 murker*, come at 0n0e..5%3 and fd
PTABLES. DAIRIES. FARMS. ETC
H farm, crchard. vineyard hinds for different
places $31. $3u. $». $25, $20 and found
18 milker* $30, $25 anil found, good places
2$ choreboy* and men. ...525, $20, $15, 119, fd
M. & R. SPKCIAL LIST
Youn« man to drive Uitkery wagun J2O fd
IS buy* fur tradea. store*, bftkerU*. factories,
¦vu.-i.::» hatpis, payer offices, etc ..,
6 .-s.-.'. ir.iners, G mm to buck c0a1.. 575 and !C>
WOODCHOPr'Ene-TIKMAKKRS
3«4 tnrn for nbov« work, ?!. 13 t,o, $3. $1 TS,
t: TO, $1. 7Jo oont; ISo, »<>, Ud eaoh; tools,
f>xi<l BdvnnoeJ; m^iv.v fnr«p paid and at mines-.
TRAMHTKKH. BTO
87 *T«i<er 4-horse t<>anis, larpe ranch. tSt and
fimnj. j teamsten", P|>ecial ranches, J33 fM
foujid, fan? 1", ; other placet! >>.»>
......IN ANU NKAIt PAN FRANCIRCO t
t fro-horrp tpan-.stcrt ..s*« and fa
:« laborer*, fare 36p ....$27 50 and fd
S3 laborer*, rood J0U>....5l To day, $30 and M
6 laborers, Pan Matoa («,, $2< fd; 5 drlllerF,
$00; 4 milk WRjmn drivers.. |,"!i. $W, $23, $16 f8
S butchers, 4 ««.!(•>•»
...HOTEL AND OTHi:n HRPAnTMENTB..,
87 oooka $:•», 145. |<3, »».-., IM, f33 anf rd
S." waiters and dlrhwasherslSd, tK, t£o, »18, f,d
T laui>drynio.n... ,135, $3^, $W, fd
Several FenocJ and third poorp, porterp, 8
rrvnih cpyks and ?S0 J«l>4 net fttlvertlsed.iuii
Oardeners; com* ccc... ....... .,.525 and found
VI_RRAY_& RBA»Y, 694 and 688 Clar *t
TOUNtI Gk>ro»an« 17 to », pytne exoerleneet r»
work In trw»r>% Addrwe box J347. Chll.
WANTS) — Af»,itc to handle rlld-edse eil
etock. Atiply room 8»T, Parrott building;
WANTED— A good ntl-around helper in raU-
Wtry. t:ian or boj-j «wk lleht and pleasant.
r*lttook i ivieipn Ilare Rabfeltryi Eltnhuret,
CaJ.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE
BOILERS, engines 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH ie WOLPMAN. ISS-IS7 Fremont st
BARS,- back' bars, mlrro'rs showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second
hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
et, above Sixth.
SCHOONER Julia Whalen. bark Lydla, schoon-
er Phelps, schooner Enterprise; Nome boats
and lighters. 61S Third st. .-:V
A— ALMOST new ••Pepper" B flat cornet for
$11 ; cost $80. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR Rale— Al cow, gentle; calf 4 days old.
334 Valley st.
WlNDMlLL— Fine 'windmill In good order. Ap-
ply GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706
Market st.
E<iGS for hatching White-face Black Spanish,
Black Mlnorcas, Buff I^eghorns. 128 Valley Bt.
GRAND family cow; gives 15 quarts a day.
1920 Greenwich Bt., near Buchanan.
$S— SINGER sewins machine. In good order.
700 Eddy pt., next to drug store. . .
PIPE 10,000 ft; 3, 4, 6 In. dlam.; good condition;
In lots to suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main st
FOR sale— 6000 feet of lumber, suitable for
building material. Box 2359, Call.
FOX terrier pups; also Maltese bull terrier
• pups. 217V4 Tehama st.
FOR sale — An electric fan or will exchange for
a good bicycle. Apply 19 Polk st.
A— BUYS, pells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear Bt
MAKE walking eapy by wearing rubber heels;
recommended by physicians; put on while you
waits Mi>. f.ca Mission St., bet. Ist and Sd ets.
HIGH-ARM Pingw pewlng machine) good con-
dltiunt complete i cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
FOR pale— Fine -tkmfele-deGF pafe at a bargain.
H fifth st.
CASH registers, second-hand, nf every deccrip- i
tion bought, eela. exchanged and repaired. 1
1909 MiEslon st, between Ninth and Tenth.
EDIEON concert phonograph, price reducsd to
$100 i concert records. I! 50. BACIGAI.UPI,
SB3 Market St., Pan Franclpco.
AKOTHKR Pmlth premier typewriter! Jto, i
makej fine order! bargain. I 4I 4 ft Vt. ALIfiX-
ANDKR. I<6 Montgomery st
A FINE suit $1<»; drep* pants $2 TS. Misfit
Clothing Parlors, 437 Montgomery st
STYLISH span of hortes; 7 years old: 16 hands;
sound; very handsome bays. 2536 Market St.,
or SO5 Parrott building. •
60 HORSESrT"hours~from Oakland; also 150
stock horses Modce County. J. T. JONES.
&C 5 Fourth aye.. Oakland. _^
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FAMILY cow; fresh. Apply 712 Guerrero at.,
near Nineteenth.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzer"s
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR . SALE.
A— 44-ROOM corner; electric elevator $4900
80 rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton 750
30-room corner; 2 entrances: half cash 2200
16 rooms; new furniture; rent $65 1600
Partner in 23-rocm house 1100
20 rooms on Turk st SW
8-room new flat; elegant 650
18 rooms on 1 floor; near Call office 650
87 rooms; on Howard st; only $300 cash.. 400
30 rooms; fine sunny corner; on one floor. 800
£5 rooms; on Market st. 1 worth $1200.... 800
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; payments 430
65 rooms; on Bush ct. i clears $250 2SOO
30 rooms; on Kearny st; grand bargain.. 20<X)
86 rooms; on Market st; payments ISOO
od 40 and 12a rooms; boardlng-bouee.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 10W Market St., opp. Fifth.
A-KRRDO * CO 22H GEARY ST>
.........Mwney to Ijcan at I-ow Rates
Telephone Black 6052.
P-room flat: newly furnished; central.... ll'K)
10 rooms; nlePly furnished: cheap , 698
19 rooms! new and g<?odi profitable. ...... 10*>0
16 rooms: npw und k«<ml| profltsble. .«..*. 800
33 moinpi modern comer | offices... **....* 870^
'10 roomsj finp onroerj central) 0nty....... 4j]o
1W roebitl modern! with ptevators......n 5559
lijao— 3o RQOMPi transient j best dswntowm $?W
monthly. KHKJtO * CO;
Jiro— (-ROOM eottnpet tSftirii Pt.t ctieap r«lti
leaving city, KRKOO fe CO-.. B2H Ooary at,
12 ROOMS; 3 blocks N. ot Market f450
16 rooms; Geary st. ; &ne and fu11..., lew
£rt rooms on G. O. «ye., ncr, i rent $1W..,. 1658
S3 rooms) wr.! S blioks of Mkt.i rent $100. SO9
6t roomp; 1 block q* Mkt. ; money maker. 8560
M. URiFFIX 719 Market st. nr. Call bldg.
SS ROOMS?i corner;. near Tlv<?li; rent only (65 i
price JIICKV WINSTON « CO.. MSB Market st.
"P U«ioMS: corner i goeti ffirniturej fSO9 burs it
WINBtOK * Ct>.. M 26 Maritet Bt ¦
166 RC»OMP: business cxirnerj plearß $150; price
$569. WIKPTON A CO., 1P26 Blarket st.>
IflCB euTiny cnrtifr: eentrali 14 moms; well
furnished; reasonable offer considered: select
nouFesi 10 to l<w rwms. Jdanr fine bargains
in houses. Money loaned at 2 per cent
BCH^BISHAhIi ft f*O., 917 Market, rms. 1-2.
NICE 15-rwim h^upe, fetlip, near Jones, M3o| 19
roorrs, h'en furniture, Geary st, |SO9. C ; D;
DAVIS, mom 89, &ld Market Pt
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sauc=ag? ma-
thinerv. Mclntffh & Walpman, isr> Fremont
A— s3 f.O DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. JISO Kearny st., nr. Pine.
FORTABLE enelnes. boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathe?: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 neale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange, 409 California.
g H p. PTEAM hoist and boiler In perfect
order; chenp. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
MEW and second-hand plot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1«32 Market Ft.
AUTOMATIC fpwlng machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st
A 10-TON Fairbanks pcale an-1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 21<5 California at.
10 000 FEET new rubber belting, half price.
ROBT. BRAND & CO.. '.27 Third St.. Oakland.
PAFES — New and pecond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof Fafes 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 45 Main Et.
SAFES, new and cepond-hand, ail slses. THIS
WALTa SAFE, 109-111 Market Ft. Pan Fran.
ONR 4-s»ded sticker) 1 planer and matcher! 1
air compressor: B locomotives. 250 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"C, R. ••H-AJf-SEN & eO.IPHO.NE GRANT 185"
: .:...- i .^.V.VIi-OT£L DEPARTMENT
. Pie-w ar>>>» -Tor tuir.mer resort; rnuet be able
.to .-sui't-YVivi* -ii.l' ¦ dining room, kitchen and
: t,tor^;.'rir :r-.- iS-v «**e pirty .here; 3 first-claaa
. • ch«ir '>••.• a 1a 1 c-. $2i>, £ waitresses, commercial
'h •:••'; v:;JvV; : :3 : -wii'ireMes. restrts. $20: 4 cham-
¦ lierma:3*,- .to wait. $20; woman cook. • lnsti-
¦ ¦ tutljJJi-VS'O;.. woman cook. $30 ; and dishwasher,
"'.nsU>;fj^icy; lrunwrsi' s9 WMk.
. -¦£:¦_ ; <;: v.:. .... ..... FA 51 1 LY ORDERS
. : -;< r /-.ik' ttr.d : Ff-crrid g-.rl to p> to Alameda. MO,
¦.Vf^f .party -h>Te Monday; hcnj*e girl. Palo Alto.
¦¦;:;; :---•?• I'trty here at 11' o' cluck: house girl on
;: r-.V: -I.,' iiarfin.-z. 120: cook, no wash. Mar-
..•¦;•. ••.:¦;::': •¦-*; $."^; ¦•house girl ff>r San Rafael, 1 In fam-
v£-;Ey,.;-S2S-';: French r.urtte girl and seamstress.
•¦•¦;v:.,i::-;; v: .,i::-; p:<*jk. foi- .men and family, Fanta Clara,
.V: itSV i choice plaow, city. $30 and $25, and
fjjgigerm. C.R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
.> I :•.-•¦; 1 -SS W' -MAN'S i'IX'B, ROOM to,
!-.: MARKET FT.. PHONE SOUTH T7».
'S:':4Cr : g.v~ls; pe.rjrral houaewurk; $20 to $26.
jj ."2. "2 y,-y.£ French girls: child* nur»e; Hi.
'.V.- •.:2.-(i»-f rian .Kirlx; second work: $20.
iVv-.'^-B^'iYi.j irJrls; muft wait: $30.
-_•- 1 w^i-.tn fur Pescadero; good, plain cook;
• : :\: \ :¦»'&:* ari-d Iron; rvon: alone; fare paid: $10.
:jr-\;,:_'rSJ3Sie.-a«ed women; good home*; kind to
" . rhil4rep;."ae«- lady here; fare p*ld; PetaJu-
[?*-3gi:*:JßfL . :¦¦"•-¦„_ "¦¦-•;
-. :;-.a-w.<jraan; gen-ral housework; family 4;
¦ ;¦-. Triitkpe; fare paid; $20.
-. ->:--2r-wBitresses ; i'^iich; at once.
"'.•¦viVwomar; for ¦"ountrj"; fare paid; $50.
'¦ ''¦-V.'lj.dy «>!lflton»: at oaoe: s«e manager.
¦•.•JriVoihT B' : >? it ' ous: c*tJlc * tJ1 emrljr. ____^_____
YV : VS"TE!>- House glris. Sfcusallto. $16; Alsv-
f -' . ii.".: Lnusvllle. $»: Hanford. $20; New-
¦. J?': Irvlngton. $J0; German chamber-
. ¦;. XX; 2 caattbencaifl*, country. $*0;
c-v k. J2i; eeoond glr!. ill. same plaoe; Ger-
man cook, $*j, no w«j>h: 4 cooks, German
Ftyl*. SCt. 00; kitchen mail. SZS: 2 boardlnx-
i.vise.? cocks. STu, J25. $30; S housa girls. »iO.
'^•rrnar, or .-»c«tTidiaavl&n : 10 hotel waltre»«a,
'.. . city «r,o cuurxtry. mother and daughter,
5 English cr Sootch or North of Ireland
•.:urs«. £S;. invalid nurse, $15, country; woman
with a child. Si£: iroaers. Xt «, week; lausj-
rwss and .Laii.berniald. $*>. J. P. CTIO6ETT
<:O_. r.6 Sutler st.
:. Sfi H. Ct'LLEN of 523 J? utter st hae rornor^d
to -25 Sutter *t., where i>be will be p>a»*J to
see her former frt^n^e ivnd patroas; CtTt-c!»»*
help furnished, male and female; nil imttanat*
:t;efc; cuui.iry orOer* prumutly altendeJ tj anJ
pillt* attentiOß irjurvnteed. Phoae Grant UO.
CIIJTjt: looldas f^r T.rpt-clAm* place* ca." «ecur»
%»-t:i: :n privat* famljlea. hotels, f'.r.. city «jsJ
c .jr try. by eaJMr.a- on or «<).'!tw!!li> MISS
'.-riJ-KN. C£ Sutter rX..; phon* OJrmct VK.
OIML to assist in lltht housework sad help ta
kitrben. »iuj Twucty-focrth »t.
"VV ANTED — Reliilwe miJiTe-fcr-d C4kthelJ«
• warrjLn ?.- attendant to elleriy lf.dy; country.
Apply «e> Firth »t.. after » Vctoc* SUBAay. 6
"WANTED— Youcc ?xp^rier.crd nur» to c»r» for
youac cfclldren: wajros »*>: city r«t+rvno*m re-
QUlr^d. C»ll M«ia; after 10 o'olock, KIT
L> 00 «t
1 i.MT>;j?TANT glri for rrieral hauwwrt
' cooking, (mall ¦wnstlns: w«jre« $15. 483 Fair
:.uk* ft., near Tw^:it,v-»!rth.
I-.vL'Y a^ests wmnted to s-f!l Ollt Dftc» oil !
-took. Aj>r?y rexjo, C*. Parrott bigg.. S. T.
WANTED— FSr»t-c'.a*s t«Jlor»«» for buxhcltng
•JfL^r-.:: -ent. Ajrply at T:«0 Monday morntns:.
S. N. TO):' i CO.. 71S Market >t.
GIP.L or *w.»a to assist !a light hou«»wo-)i
and welt c a lady. 716 Frunki'.n «t, n«ur
1 lea Gate a*^ [
GIRL for r'i;»ral fousework. Call 110 De L-.-r.c I
aye.. K*wn Maaoclc aye. and Ashbur}' »t.
J"."':?T ' :.aSS Cnistersj oa oloaJcs and putt*.
:-l T; .. r tt.
<;IKL to >»ra dretsniaklng: one llvtr.« at home
pr»r-rr»i. 6 Eddy ft. room* BC-*7.
L.<: 1 tt basiaeu txj*ri»-nce; reasonable sal-
ary: eruo!! capital required. Box 81M, Call.
AN eisergetie lady as wcretary; »alery 140.
k66x*tm h-jx 323. CaJl once.
APPRENTICE oa vest*; paid while learning.
•6 Elglr. Park. bet. Hermno and Thirteenth.
". ± \ :"-i;i>— Exixrienced handj; alao appren-
¦ mi oa ladles' and i&fants* wear. 1015 M*x-
•.kft et. •
UOCSEKSBPES — MlddJe-e*«4 Jimtrlou
•.i ..::.*.r.. wLo U for.d of children add not
c.frail a* m-ork; tnodentte w^ages; good bocM
. to the rrgfct i#r*on. Address box 5363, Cult.
FIRST-CXA6S custom «h'.rt operator*; good
pay; steady employment. D. . C HDGE3R,
:344 Market st.
WAIST hands on «hlrt walsta. FRANCES. TK I
Eotter Et_
WA.VTED-Trrasg g'.rl to do ligfct housework
h:.l ttie care of child; must Fleep home, Cail
ilGnday after 8 a. m.. 2i3A Harriet *t
EfJ< 'JiTHAND taugbt la two month*; best aye- ;
lem; terms $3S; time unlimited; posJUwr.s »e-
cured. Sten>>grap;:tc Eichaage. 434 Emma ;
.Spr»rckels bids.
BBORTB1M) scholarship for sale cbeap. Ad-
¦ drera box 2J6S, Call o!fioo-
rJHST-CLASS Cr.ishers en tallor-raade coats; !
cal! eariy Monday. 775 Market st. |
LADY. Intelligent, previous experience not ab- j
•olutfiy iiiu am j. is arasteS by large con- 1
cern df-ullce directly with wcraen. Box BS7J.
Cfcii. i
15RIGHT. Intelligent yrnong lady to travel wltb. I
- doctor's family and engage in pleaaant, prof- j
itable ercployrneiit. Call at €15 Stockton st. !
TAILORESS and tir.iihers. Call t.>-day, from 1
•c 3. anl Mottday ail day et 425 Natoma et
PATTEBST6S I'AITKRNE! PATTERNS!
All late pjttt»-rns cut to order; sewing room
¦ ; • r;ed to aji during March; coma In aiid make !
: ,ur dreac '.uoder a competent dressmaier; re- |
1. rraber, uisr sjiten: was selected above all oth-
. ¦ ¦¦ --¦-.: -..'¦?¦ ". .- ; . at I-iris Hxn>slUon;
n^y t«^mente; simple tind accurate.
McDowell, ioj Post «t
%VANTEI>— An edi:"Ated wctr.ar;; must be cap- j
Able, without lncumbrances. Box 3148, Call. |
. V'ANTKIV- MJ.iile-aged w.jrr.aa to help in 1
•-r.u:i b< ardingr-house: German preferred; $13. |
MKS. BUEH. 43rt eve. and Pt. Lobos road. I
OI*ETtATO3IS ejid Snlshers on gents' cuatozn ;
»hirt£. ROGEHSON, 12» Valer-d* st
A— MURRAY & READY. ..PHONE. MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
J butchers, country shop, etc $35 and found
Third bartender, $2; and found; several black-
smith helpers, $2 day; 4 etablemen
.10 laborers for woods, fare $2 $30 and found
Young man to stripe, varnish and paint
2 miners, machine and tender men for shaft
work, $W, for a gold mine :.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 6 TAILORS Fare Advanced
Coat makers, fare advanced $6 and up
Pants makers, fare advanced $2 and up
Vest makers, fare advanced $2 and up
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
UV: LP \VA VFED— FE MALE.
MILL VLLLEY HOUSES,
TO let— Mill Valley residence, 8 mo. or more;
modern, 12 rooms, stable, bearing orchard. 2
blocks from station. P. GARDNER, Mill
- Valley, ¦ Cal.
A FIRST-CLASS upright Btelnway; several sec-
ond-hand uprights in perfect condition; 7-
octave square, $35; will be sold this week by
J. DEWING CO., Flood building, ajrents for
Hazelton, New Dewing Broe., Chase Bros.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON'S
Storage. 1710 Market at - - ¦
FINE Fischer A Btelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary at.
LOST— A bunch of keys; receive reward. 2401
Bush pt.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY STRSET.
ELLIS STREET.
Fine lot on north side of Ellis vt., near Jones,
38x120, to rear street; splendid lot for lodging
house; old improvements; rent for $63 monthly;
price $20,600.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Lot on the north side of Clay St., near Locust:
34:4x127:8 feet; splendid marina view: price $4300.
A FIFTY- VARA CORNER.
North Beach; on car lliw; marine rievr; only
$S500; a cheap buy.
A COZY HOME.
On Webster st. ; 7 rooms and bath; price $5500.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
Three modern flats In Panhandle district;
rents $79; price $SOOO.
NORTH BEACH CORNER.
Store and fiat of S rooms above; street work
done; rents $60; price $6750.
TWO CHEAP LOTS.
Two good lots on Alvarado St., near Sanchez;
25x114; reduced to $650 each.
TWO MORE LOTS.
California St.. near 2d aye.; 23x100; only $700
each.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Call for our Hat of Mission cottages; all parts
of the Mission; on easy terms.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
ICB Montgomery St., San Francisco.
ANY MAN
Who is paying rent can pay for a home; It
takes no more money monthly than what goes
to the landlord, and In a very few years he
has paid for and owr\s the horn«. which If he
had rented he would never have owned.
Look over the old rent receipts that you
have accumulated and ask yourself what good
are they.
For the rent money that you now throw
away I can give you a new modern home with
every convenience and built to last; take Mis-
elon-st. cars, transfer at Twenty-second and
ride to Hoffman aye. and look at the new
homes which you can own. OSCAR HEY-
MAN, U Poat st.
ONLT H block from Mission st. : elegtuit new
4 room and bath tottage; lot 25x100; street
work done; payments $15 monthly. OSCAR
HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
CURLED or waved hair can be Quickly ob-
tained by using Talcett's Curling Fluid; 22
cents bottle.
INFORMATION wanted regarding where-
abouts of T. J. COOK (formerly Cook &
Wry): was a contractor and builder In this
city IS9O to 1894. Address box SI, Builders"
Association, 313 Bu*h st. ?: .-
DO you oare for the appearanoe of your hair?
If so, remember the btar Hair Remedy never
falls to restore it to natural color, cure dand-
ruff, grow new hair. Bold by leading drug-
gists and balrdreeeers.
LEDERER.' S Qutntonlca hair tonlo la harmless
and very beneficial; 350 bottle; Foamo Sham-
poo is the best; 6c package. 123 Stockton st
LADIES— Your bust enlarged 6 Inches: $100
cash guarantee; proof free. Leonard Medi-
cine Co., Kansas City, Kans.
OLD things must give way to new; entirely
new remedies for the complexion at MME.
FISHER'S, 18 Powell st; treatment free.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, has only
the very newest Btyles; lao; this week only al-
cohol stoves for curling Irons. 15c to 40o; 12-
lnch switches, $3 60. 123 Stockton st
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR permanently removed
by electric needla. 1206 Market st-, room 14.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
HELP WAXTED-MALE
REAL ESTATE- — CITY^-FOR "ALB.
BALDWIN A.HOWEXXJ- '. ¦ . -'. • •'¦ .
10 MONTGOMERT. STREET.
CASTRO VALLEY INVESTMENT.
fl7.M\i— Ten fiats ana cottages: large lot. S
frontages; rents $121; a snap; will trade for var
cant property. .- - ; . •• ;
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE
$6jC«>— Octavia st.. ; near Broadway; 2-story
residence of S rooms and bath; lot 35x137:4;
ronts JJS. . • ' ;
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
Entire block, bounded by Fo'.com st.. Treat
aye.. lath and Uth sta.. being offered in subdi-
vision?; call at office and get diagram; $120*
and upward. ".¦'
A FINE INVESTMENT
J4o.ooo— Thlrd-st. corner; 137:-ixir:6; storw and
fiats: good improvements; rents $2W.
$45. t>*> — Folsom-st. corr.er: manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages: rent* $17 >: lot li* I **?:*.
AN OFFER WANTED
#250— Rltch St.; 0 Hats: rents $iS Ifc lot 22x80.
$50>.'O— Rents $65; Natoma jt.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 fiat* above; lot 25x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$73C»> each — Facing Jefferson Square on Lafunat
st. ; special offering of several choice residences;
get diagram and particulars at office.
$20w— Nice suburban home; I-room cottage.
bath, high basement: large lot li*s:?xl7S; n-ar
Mission road; windmill; n?h t»ond: even* feature
on country home, while being convenient tJ
c«'.y.
VACANT LOTS.
$;00*— Van Nesd aye.; comer; 32:6x109.
$275*) — Twenty-fourth st., near Fi>isom; 37:6 x
100.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY
$3250— Mill Valley cottage. 3 rooms and oath;
partly finished attic: large lot; will trrule for
city property. BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Monti mery »U
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1000.
PHYSICIANS AXD SL'UfiKOXS.
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL— Of flee and residents.,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL SSTATK— CITY — FOB SALE.
RIVERS BROS;.
Real Estate,
227 Montgomery rt.
The Cheapest Lots
In the City and County of San EYancUoo.
The Best Value
¦ Jn the State of California
Vor the Money.
_l I — I L
DIAMOND STREET.
3! 2 2
m A 'I
Sold.
1 P*'
Sold. §
h Sold. g
g • m
g Sold.
i B ° id - 1 ~ t
B 13
I c
> , g
sow. ' £
Sold.
Sold.
2 2* 2 S 2 2 2
i i i il a 5 -J. £
CASTRO STREET.
1 1 1 r
On Castro, Diamond, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-
ninth. Duncan. Valley and
Day streets.
$200 and Upward.
Easy Terms and No Interest.
Take Mission and Twenty-ninth street cars.
Agent on Premises To-day.
RIVERS BROS.,
227 Montgomery st.
No. I.
SITES
29UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
J7 and 29 Fifth at. Tel. South 147.
rUMERaL DIRECTORS IMS EMBALMERS.
. Finest Equipment at MMerate- Rated.
$1300— COTTAGE house. 6 good rooma, bath,
b&aement: brick foundation: newly painted
and decorated: fine corner, GOxllt; near train
and cars ; very easy terms. H. D. IRWIN.
Lortn station, -riy-r- -.:
$2300— MODERN colonial house. T rooma and
bath; convenient to Dwlght way; on flne
street: large lot; a bargain. H. D, IRWIN.
R. R. waiting room, Lorln station; open Sun-
durk
r ftA.^jiiji^, cms— aunny rront room; bath, gas
breakfast, dinner; $16 month: private family!
HYDE. lU9V4— Choice rooms, with board; prt-
vate.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy; changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooma.
LAS PALMAS. JMO Market st.— Suite of 1 or S
rma.; private; bath; Bin. rms,; board optional.
flower garden; only $500 cash, balance to ault
purchaeer.
$4250— Elegant new 8-room house; 45-foot cor-
ner lot: best part of Berkeley; close to Univer-
sity; strictly modern and up-to-date; Just com-
pleted: $2000 ca«h. balance easy terms.
ROOMS AAD BOARD.
HOTEL FAmM^U^TT^^TT^S[arkeT^«r^ETe^
gantly furnished sunny rooma; en suits or sin-
gle; with or without beard; table first class-
reduced ratea.
NEW family hotel; first clase in all aopolnt-
ro»nta; excellent tnble: apecial inducements to
telect people. 807 California at., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
Frultvale office — Half a block above Frultvale
station.
FINE 6-acre tracts; adjacent to Berkeley; lo-
cated on side hill; sunny exposure; especially
adapted to raising Belgian hares and chlck-
ens; fold on easy payments.
$150<> — 5-room cottage; lot 40x127:6; only 15
minutes' walk to University; close to station:
all modern Improvements: flne windmill and
tnnlr t-.>rv.l rhirkon hnnap hnm nnd \ntt • r>r»tf*.
$3500— Modern home of S rooms; street Improved
and near cars. O. G. MAY & CO.
SEE our building lots on Grove st. for $400;
n»ar University aye.; snaps. O. G. MAY &
CO.
THE) HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
$700— Close to Lorin station; lot 50x150: fenced;
well: sewers; city water; 6 rooms; J.". 0 down,
balance $10 per month.
$12CO-SIQO down. $16 monthly; lot 40x110; 7
rooms; city water: good plumbing; houce Is
new and lot completely fenced; half way be-
tween Berryir.an and University stations.
$1250— Lot DOxlSO; 6 rooms; high basement:
sewers; city water; graded Btreet; close to
Lorin etation; $10 cash, balance $17 per month.
$H00 — 7 rooms; good basement; sewers; city
water; sidewalk; street graded; good location;
large lot.
An 8-room house; unobjtructed view; has to
be seen to be appreciated.
Call and get our complete list of property In
Berkeley, Oakland and Frultvale.
MONEY TO LOAN.
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
San Francisco office — Room 2. ground floo:
private.
DEAN— In this city, March 31. 1300. William
Georse, beloved son of William A. and
Rosanna E. Dean, and brother of H«rtry J.
Dean. n. native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
6 months and 5 days.
irir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sundays, at 1:30 o'clock, frc.m his late resi-
dence, 1617 Powell street, between Green and
Union. Interment Cyprfss Lawn Cemetery.
ETTLINGER— In New York, March 30. 1900.
Sarah, beloved wife of Bernhard Ettllnger.
mother of Mrs. Louis Straus. Mrs. Fred
Patek and of Isaac L. and Gertie Ettllnger
and sister of Mrs. H. Sohlller and Leo Hech-
heimer. a native of Germany.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
EVERETT— In San Leandro. March 11 l«0.
Mabel Estee Everett, wife of Leonard E>«-
ett. youngest daughter of Morris M and
Frances D. Estee. and sister cf Mrs. Crvles
J. ¦ Deerlnz. a native of San Francisco aged
24 years and 1 month. (Syracuse and L'tlca.
N. V.. and Washington, D. C, papers please
corv-^
(TT-Funeral services will be held tomorrow
(Monday), at J o'clock, at the Hotel Bella
Vista, corner of Pine and Taylor atreets.
Interment private.
GALVIN-In thla city. March M. 1300. Mary
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERat
XO Fifth at., oppoalt* Lincoln School.
Telephone South (0.
C7"l"he funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
rcslder.ee, 203S California street. Interment
ROSS VALLEY BKAL I-STATE.
ROSS VALLEY villa lots.ECxlOO; $300 to $500; fine
view; Pan Rafael water system: good drain-
age; i minutes' walk from station; sprinkled
roads. I. ROSS, Tamalpais Station.
DEAL ESTATE TO EXCIIAXCE.
PROMPT attention given to exchanging coun-
try and city property. •SCHWEINHARD 4
CO.. 917 Market et.. room 2.
ROOMS FOR nOUSEICgEPIXC]
A FLAT r,t 4 beautiful large rooms, with bath.
completely furnished for housek*< >i4ng; hot
and cild water; ras an.i teleiihone; new
hou*e: tine view; healthy location: in a email,
private family; n.> children wanted; rert rea-
eonable. 4-31 Twentieth St., near Castro.
A— 2 I^AROE sunny front rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; $2 50 per week; $10 per
month; furniture all new. Apply at shoe
ftore. M 2 Mission et., bet. First and Second.
BIRCH aye., tlf.. bet. Laguna and Buchanan-
Two rooms and kitchen, $7; water Included.
BUSH. 616 — 2 suites of rooms for housekeeping-
2 tingle rooms: sunny side; rent reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. £523— Sunny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
DORE. 223. near Ninth and Harriaon— New rear
cottages of 2 big rooms, furnished for house-
keeping.
EDDY. 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms: gas
and bath: light housekeeping allowed: cheap.
ELLIS, 414. near Jonee — Sunny lower flat; two
rooms; range, gaa; }16 per month.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— 3 unfurnished
rooms. $10; also I unfurnished rooms, $7.
FIFTH, S4S— Two roome furnished for house-
keeping: cheap rent.
FOLSOM. 776H — 2 neatly furnlehed connecting
rooms for housekeeping; also 1 elngle room;
reasonable.
GEARY. 475— Front alcove; light housekeeping
If desired; gaa. bath; rent $15.
GLEN PARK are., 5, off 12th, near Mlsalon— S
unfurnished aunny rooma; cloeet and bath.
GOLDEN GATE ay«.. 409— Furnished parlor;
also large alcove; private American family:
a<3ult« :
COUGH] 107— Furnlahed room suitable for
housekeeping.
GUERRERO. 1147— Sunny front room, bedroom
and kitchen; furnished; $12.
HOWARD. 761H— Nicely furnlahed eunny elngle
and double rooma; housekeeping; man aad
wife; reasonable.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— ArriveJ March H— Br
Btmr Duke of Fife, henca Marrfc O: bark Vl
dette, hence March 14; schr lyc-i S^easey. frora
San Bias. . ' „ _ .
. PORT LUDLOW — Sailed ifarca $o— Schr
Okanogan. for Honolulu.
USAL— Sailed Al.vrcii Sl— Stmr Newaboy. for
San Francisco.
Arrived March M-Staff Navarro. none*
March 20. -
ROCKPORT— Arrived March 31— Stmr Scotia.
her.ee March 25. ; - ¦_> _'i_-_
FOP.T BRAGO— Arrive-! March Jl-Schr Bar
bara Herrster. hence March 29; stmr Noyo. .
hence March 30.
EURKKA— Arrived March 31— Stmr Pomona,
her.ee March *>. .»*'»."«.¦« - ?
VENTURA— Arrived Marca 21— Stmr Laella,
'^Sle^Mar^h C-Stmr Laella. for San Fran-
C CARATS HAr."^ R - Sailed March. Jl— Strnr
Lu.>l't_ fir Pan i-'rancisco. .
CRF^FXT <.*ITY-Satle<S March H-Strar
Crescent City >r ?an Francisco.
qrvTTir^'Arrivfd March 20-Stmr AI-Kl.
froraSkagnay- March 31-Bark Vldette. henca
I MpoRTIM poRT 14 RO- cS — Called March 31— Schr Mary C.
1 for «in FrauelacA,
i NHWPOKT tS)— Sailed March Sl— Stmr Se
?ASTORIA---AVitt«d March 31— Stmr Cotum
hiV^hsoca March 20.
Sailed 'Mare* 31-Stmr Geo W Elder, for Baa
! Francis- FOREIGN - pop.^
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March Jl— Jap
stmr America M.iru, hence March 7: Br atmr
I qitv from Tacoma.
" S-.!l ed March 3rt— Br stmr Goodwla. for Ta-
I oltlMSßY— Arrived March 23— Br ship Drum
»,-rton. from Orec^n.
SHANGHAI— In port Feb r— Br bark Baa
janeria. for Puget Sound.
I FLUSHING— Passed March 29— T!r ship Hy
derabad, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed March 27— Ger shlo Peru.
for Port Townsend.
MELBOURNE— Arrived March Jl— Ship In
vincible, henc Feb I.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to March 31— Br
atmr Lady Joicey. from San Diego.
ISLE OF • WIGHT— Pa*3ed March 31— Shlo
Arthur Sewall. hence March 25. for London.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— S.V.Ie.I March 31— Strnr Ow
glc. tot New York: «tmr Etrurta. for New Y^r*.
NTTW YORK— Palled March 31— Stmr Graf
wsilJersee, for Hamburg, v.a Cherbourg an.l
Plymouth: stmr Mesaba, for London; atmr
California, for Marseilles: stmr Spaarrifiara. for
Rotterdam, via Boulogne; stmr Aller. for
Genoa.
BREMEN— SaiIed March 31— Stmr Jtheln. for
New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to March Si-
America Maru. from San Francisco, for H>ng > -
kons: stmr Sikh, from Tucoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived rrl.ir to March Jl—
Stmr Ij»dv Joicey. from San FVancisco
HAMBURG— Arrived March 31— Star Tan!*,
from San Franc!su-o. etc.
ROTTERDAM— PaIIed March 30— Strar Maas
dam. for New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed March Jl— stmr !t
Louis, fifm Southampton. f"r New York
ANTWERP— SaUed March rt— Stmr Western
land, for New Tor*.
ITAVRr— Palled March K— Strar l/Aqnetalna.
for New Tcrk.
Henry Collins, a native of Ballinspittle,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 64 years.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 723*4 Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated fcr the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
CLOUGH— In this city, March 31. IJOO. at the
residence of her son. Charles L. Olough. 2021
Webster street. Mary Keith Tilson. widow of
the late Amos Clough. a native of Thomaston.
Me., used So years 1 month and 11 days.
DANFORTH —In this city. March 30. 1500.
Irene, daughter of F. R, and Llnola H. Dan-
$4500— RESIDENCE near University; street
work all done; will trada for stock ranch of
equal value In Mendoclno or Sonoma County
or will pay a cash difference. W. C. MORAN.
$1500—1300 CASH, balance $20 per month, will
buy a 9-room house; lot 55x12*; 80-foot itreet;
all sewered. W. C. MORAN.
$900_$ioo CASH, balance $12 per month, will buy
a E-room and bath cottage; all sewered, w.
C. MORAN.
$1500—2 DAY-WINDOW 5-room cottage; lot 40x
120; ?100 cash, balance $15 per month. W. C.
MORAN.
$1200— NEW 6-room house- lot 47x135; $50 cash,
balance $15 per month. W. C. MORAN.
$2400— 5400 CASH, balance same as rent; 6 large
rooms; flne view; lot 36x124: 1 block to train;
North Berkeley. W. C. MORAN.
TWO choice prune ranches at Campbell to ex-
change for home In. Berkeley. W. C. MORAN.
SEE some of the new houses I am building: on
Grove at. W. C. MORAN, Lorln Station,
Berkeley.
5-ROOM cottage; good order; close to station
and electric cara: price $650: terms $10
monthly. RUDOLPH & PERKINS, Lortn.
$1600 — Al E-ROOM cottage; all modern; wind-
mill, tank and frame: lot 40x135: close to sta-
tion and electric cars; $150 cash, balance
$16 monthly. RUDOLPH & PERKINS, Lorln.
3-ROOM house: lot 50x100; close to station and
electric cars; price $6io; $100 cash, balance $10
monthly; take Berkeley cars, get off at Lorln
station, ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS,
Lorln.
JUST secured— A lot within 1 block of the Uni-
versity for $700. and will build houp« on easy
terms. O. G. MAT & CO.. Berkeley station.
$3700 — BARGAIN in new modern 7-room house;
plumbing A No. 1; finely located on Durant
aye. O. G. MAY & CO.
MARIN CO.. :« miles from 8. F.— s4o to $S3 per
acre: choice lands In tracts of all slzea; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Bth floor. Mills bldg.. B. F.
FOR BALE CHEAP.
Five acres at Menlo Park; email house and
barn, chicken house, etc.; 15 large oak trees;
running water. HARPER & KREIOER. 312
Examiner building.
FOR rzlc — In Mill Valley, house of 5 rooms
and bath and 4 small rooms In basement:
furnished or unfurnished; lot 60x150; garden
and orchard of SO trees; 5 minutes* walk from
station. Apply 52C Turk st.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye., 8 miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe railroad;
valley land by the acre, $ISO to $200. Call for
map?, etc.. on O. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. ft.
10 MILES north of Capay— Stock range of 2200
acres at only $3 CO per acre; good fruit. For
further particulars addreES J. C. VOLLMER,
Capay. Tolo County. Cal.
ABOUT 3 acres fine soil, half a mile from Col-
ir.L about 2 blocka from electric cars; part
cash if desired; a bargain. 445 Valencia st.
J. W. HORN. M 2 Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate an 1 thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free lift of Sonoma County bargains.
MARION' GRIFFIN. 719 Me.rket. nr. Call bldg.
Land for male In Sonoma, Contra Costa. Olenn
Santa Pruz. Shasta and Tehama Cos.. Cal.
McALLISTFR, 416. 3d flat— Nicely furnished
eunny room; gentlemen only; board optional.
MINNA. 6«7, corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. SB7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnlahed; rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
NINTH, 160— Sunny furnished rooma to let;
with or without board.
O'FARRELL. 20— Eunny furnished rooma and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day. wk., mo.
ORLANDO House. 959 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms; prices to suit; open night.
POST. 217 — Sunny suites and single rooms; day,
week or month; terms reasonable.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rma.
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis at— Rooma,
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night
ROTAL HOUSE. 12S Ellla St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
BAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor «=t.. near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
SEVENTH. 2C:— Nicely furnished front rooms
quiet place; large yard.
SHERMAN Apartment *Hous«. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, SO— 2 sunny front rooms and
bath; suitable for men;. In private family.
STEVENSON, €20, bet. Seventh and Eighth-
Sunny front furnished rooms; single or dou-
ble; light housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotlsserle)— Nicely
jrnlFhed rooms from $12 to $30.
TAYLOR. 149 — Large eunny rooms: transient
and theatrical people solicited; $2 50 week up.
TENTH, 1S3 — Unfurnished gunny rooms and
bath; In good condition: reasonable rent.
THE OAKS, 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THH PIEDMONT, 11!>A Sixth— Sunny furnished
rooms; double and single; easy termß.
TIIIRD. 162— Two small sunny front rooms. $5;
one large back room, $8; all electric lights.
TITRK, 29— Elegant rooms, en eulte or single;
transient, central and reasonable.
VALENCIA. 834 H. near 20th— Front parlor and
kitchen; furnished housekeeping; use of bath:
$12 10.
VAN NESS. 504— Parlor suite, sunny, suitable
for two or more; with board.
$7 A MONTH— Sitting and small bedroom; finely
furnished; sunny. G. D. H., box 3J70, Call.
A BRANCH office for the reception ot adver-
tlsemente and subscriptions has been opened
at IK3 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hae been established at 1096
Valencia »t.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Thirty-One.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
Loan Money.
C 47 Market et.. ej>iK«".t« Kearnr.
jr?o, ooo— Market et- ; 2 frontage*; paya 4 p«r
o-nt net on old improvement.
$rW.oeo— Market fct.; M feet front; paya 4 per
cect net; a krand purchase.
$?o.o*v_<; r aad Investment, few blocks from
Clinni^e; rents fSOO; W feet front; brick lm-
provements.
JSS.OOo— Orand corner; 76 feet front; half block
from Market St.. not far fn-m Sixth; rente $300.
tiß.OOC— liar* Investment; vicinity Powell and
O*-iiry sts.; 4-* tory brick building; stores and
10-.-.Kinjc houa« above; 3C feet front.
$4r>.00u — Corner: rente t**)i modern lmprove-
c:e:;ts; lot (-OxiSl reet.
- »49.t>00— Must sell; near Kearny et.i near
Chronicle: rer.tt tXOOt a year; 85 feet front
$r4,oGo— Sixth Ft.: 7J feet front; rent* $34C0
>•«•*! ¦:>•; good building; 4 stores.
$i:..'.wo— Taj-lur st., near I£4dy.
tift.CK— E£dy et.; large lot; rente $93; all
rented.
. A bargain— N. E. cor. Clay and Lyon «ta.| Eex
105 feet; n:i.k# crier.
$^000 — Six eleKur.t new flata; lot EOxIOO feet;
mil rented for a month; grand bargain.
J76iO — Six eoud f.ats; rents JiCu yearly; down-
town; lot tO leet front.
$6«M.— Three choice flata; Hayea at.; tnortgag*
J4iK*; a snap.
JTAOO— Powell-rt. flats; all rented; Id.
J2KK*— Four flats, within few tlocka of Jflnth
and Market Bts.; rer.ta K5.
$175«.!— Tw0 nice flats; rente $:« SO.
tTi-0 — tilx rooms and lot 4£x72 feet.
A. M. KI'ECK & CO.. C 67 Market »L
WANTHO at 000a — Nice, cleun. vacant fiata
and houeea for gooJ tenants. Atrly at once,
S1»J:»:K ii. CO.. c*:7 Market at.
BARGAIN— Juat completed: 7 rooms; the latest
lmproveracnta. Twenty-fourth and Noe ata.
THE fo'.'owir.g prcptrrtlea are la Berkeley:
11500— Nice bay-window cottage In East Berke-
ley; t-i !.ta!r:u I large ruon:s; burn; fine parpen;
lot 40xl~:C; very neat and complete place; In
fine order: eary terms.
. $2000— New modem 6-roora cottage la fine resi-
dence portion of East Berkeley: street work
done; lot iixlTO; near btatloo; electric cara pass
the property.
HZi'j — New t-story house; 8 large sunny rooms;
very cic*e to university and to Dwujht way sta-
tion; very best portion of Berkeley; large corner
Send for our Hat of Berkeley homu.
LYON ft HOAG. 114 Montgomery Bt.
$3300— COTTAGE. I rooms; lot 60x114; Twenty-
BiXth at., near Eascbez; or with lot 3.x:H;
:::-¦-
SJOO0 — Up-to-date cottage, now building; cor-
ner: ' en Laguna at., north of .^T .orchard; 6
rooms, reception hall, high basement, etc. ;
can be bought en terms if desired. JEROME
ENGLISH. Jl Montgomery st.
$3^o0 — j. FLATS: $ years old; a corner; renta
for S2S: 2:-tb and Vermont.
$1100 — A cheap 6-room cottage en Alabama Bt
J^l.o— A low price; Mission lot; Day. near Noe
$$00 — Cheap lot on 4th aye., near Clement.
ITTI' Vrry low; Andereon-et. lot. near Cort-
land aye. school; level.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montroraery st.
BROADWAY, bet. Jones ana Leavenworth Eta.
—2 flat*; lot pay* 64 per cent. 17SS Hyde eL,
near Umadway.
BOL GETS ft BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BLDO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$'00 to $SoO— Lot» In Suniet; graded and «ew-
ered; $10 monthly.
— —
$!M> to SSOO— Cbolceat Richmond leu on ln-
•trilments.
¦ $:00 to $250— Level lot» near M!»«!on-et. cara;
$5 monthly.
$1000— Cottage and lot E rooms, near M!s:!on-
ct. car; on installments: same aa recc
f9oo— «-rootn cottage and lot In Richmond,
near electric can; easy monthly payments.
Call fcr Maps and Diagrams.
BOL. GETS & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BLDO.
FOR eale— At & sacrifice; $300 for 2 lots on the
north flcie of the Park; worth $050.
JU.OO— A comer suitable for grocery etore; In
the Mission: worth jrr-00.
$4^o— House of 9 rooms and bath; lot JSx
1*7:6; on Pttie st.: worth $6<«io. $:W>o— lvjt on
Sth* eouthwect cr>rnTT of De\ iradero and Sacra-
mfflto *-t» : rs-.7x110 ft., with 5-room ccttage
worth IC-Ofi. «Nll between S a. m. and 12 m..
J. nnOWNSTONE. II Mdr.tcomery st.
C BEMIS. Real Ertate and General Land
Agent, 524 Montgomery et.
Make offer— Northeast corner Tw«jty-»eventh
aad> Douglass its.; roust be sold; toxll4 feet-
tlCOO— North line Carl et., near Btanyaa: tZx
137:6 feet.
COTTAGE cf 5 room* and bath; lot 2;x115. 3»
Diamond »t.. near Twentieth; no agrnta.
MODEL HOME.
£ large tunny rooms, bath, laundry, basement.
large attic, furnace, conservatory ; lot Mxll7
feet to alley; unobstructed view of city and
har: Deautiful flower*, lawns, fruit trees,
chirken-hcuse, etc. ; dM c-ej-h, balance easy
payments. 15 Vlck»burg St.; take Twenty'-
isecond-et. electric car» to T4th and Vicksburg.
$•£00—2 FLATS, strongly built; Washington «t.,
near Larkin; lot !7:€xlS7:B; here ar« fiata
rleht near town; I and 6 rooms and bath
each; must -t»II. Box 31C4, Call of flee.
HOTEL, 24 rooms, bar. kitchen and dining-
room; 434 Fifth et.: rent cheap. Apply MAD-
ISON & buhke.
jaSno— WORTH $4000: Btore. S rooms, bath: flat
above, 6 rooms, bath; rented $22. 1417 Pacific.
HAVE you real estate In the Mtvslon or Hom-
er» Addition that you wish to dispoee of
then call en W. J. GUNN. 530 California et.
FOR nale very cheep, lot 40xl«0; east line of
it'.sMon «t.. bet. Elcntn and Ninth, with !m-
rrovements. O. W. 11. PATTERSON CO..
3 70S Market gt.
COTTAGE— S rooma, bath. ba»«nent, .table: H
Mock from Market rt. Apply £4CI Fol»om «t.
REAL ESTATE WA.VTKD.
WTS want Ban Frandsoo, Oakland. Alameda
»n« Berkeley property in exchange for etock,
fr^t%£d Funeral farm.. SCUWEINUARD &
CO., Sl7 Market «.. room 2.
FOR BALE.
One of the vkt nnt«t rl*ce« of paying bu»l-
r.e*» }irc;>erty In the city of Ban Jose. Cal.,
for the ]-urpr>«e of closing cetate of Francis
Stock, deceased : 7S», feet front on First «t..
between Hu:ita C.urn ar.d 1"! Dorndo sta . with
ar. "L" cf Sfc fret frontage on El Dorado ft.;
all cover*.! with bueini-si buildings paying $4JO
l>*r mcr.th rental.
Apply to fl. F. LEIB, attorney for txacutors,
£an Jcie, Cal.
MAEBIED.
ALLEN— MATHEW— In this city. March 23.
1500, by the Rev. H. A. Meyhew, assisted by
the Rev. G. B. Allen of Larkspur, Harris S.
Allen of Larkspur and Alice M. Mayhew of
San Francisco.
LAAVKEN'CEX-STELTER-In this city, March
81. li»0, by the Rev. Paul Branke. Lawrence
I^awrencen and Emma D. Stelter of San
Lorenzo.
LIMROTH — KORNAHRENS —In this city.
March 25, 1500, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Jo-
eeph Llmroth and Mrs. Wllhelaalne O. Korn-
ahrens of San Francisco.
OLIVER— HULBERT— In thU city. March 25.
1300, at the Church of the Advent, by the
Rev. Mr. Parrish. John West Oliver and
Florence Margaret Hulbert, both of San
Francisco.
SCHOEPPE— SCHNEIDER— In this city. March
31. ISOO, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Edward
William Schoeppe and Annie Elizabeth
Schneider.
TIN NET— BRADY— In this city. January SL
1900, at St. Dominic's Church, by the Ray.
Father Clancy, George W. Tlnney of Auburn
and Mary PI Brady of San Francl3co.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
lIKHKELEY IttiAL ESTATE.
$2050— $000 CASH, balance same as rent, will buy
v 7-room house, windmill and tank, barn for 3
hordes- lot 50x135; all sewered; 8 short blocks
to train. W. C. MORAN.
$2Co0 — SEE this new 6-room cottng«; large lot;
cement sidewalks, tiled sink, porcslaln bath;
near to train; $300 cash, balance $20 per month:
on SO-foot graced, curbed and macadamized
etreet. W. C. MORAN.
$3500— 8-ROOM house: coet $5000; lot 75x135;
street sewered, graded, curbed and macadam-
ized; 1 block to cars; flne neighborhood; fruit
trees, nice barn, lawn, etc. W. C. MORAN.
$600— SEE this S-room cottage and 3 lots; all
eewerod: only $50 cash, balance $10 per month.
W. C. MORAN.
A SPECIAL LIST OF BARGAINS.
WE ARE AUTHORIZED TO SELL.
$ISO,OOU — A fine business property'; owner clos-
ing up eetate preparatory to going to Europe;
no choicer Investment in Oakland.
$55,000 — Fine brick block; no better Improve-
ments or lqcatlon; special reasons for selling.
$40,000 total cost — Wanted buyer for business
lot at a bargain, and to build for a tenant fur-
nishing guaranteed lease,
$35,000— An Oakland mansion, containing two
acres of chotc* grounds; location unexcelled;
cost over J Co, 000; a bank sale; off*r wanted.
$18,000— Magnificent home, cost $27,000; closing
estate; choice central elevated location.
$3000 — A very fln« home, central; East Oak-
land; location and large grounds absolutely
cannot be excelled; fine bargain; every ap-
pointment; modern architecture; examine It;
coet nearly $20,000; your terms; can borrow bal-
ance; will sacrifice furniture.
$6500— Most perfect 8-room home In Lakeside
district: cost JSSOO; French plate glass win-
dows; furnace; cannot here describe beautiful
Interior and exceptional location; must be seen;
urcent location,
A SACRIFICE— Dut bank $4500: submit any
offer: good 2-story 8-room house; lot 100x145;
location near 26th and Telegraph aye.
$4760— A beautiful Linda Vista terrace bar-
gain; new and modern; 8 rooms; furnace; lov
50x125; a perfect home; easy terms; Investigate.
$4500— A new modern 2-story residence of S
rooms; porcelain bath; 2 toilets; cement base-
ment; corner lot: 5 minutes' walk of 14th and
Broadway; ccc at once; a bargain; ea*y terms.
$4500— Cost $£500: going to Paris; a beautiful
1%-story 8-room house; will sacrifice fine fur-
niture; terms no object; near Market-st. station
and City Hall.
$3750 — Near Market-st. station; 2-story; 9
rooms; lot GOxlOO; bank mortgage $2500.
A bargain— Present mortgaga $3000, formerly
$3500; cost over $5500; modern 2-story: S rooms,
bath: mantels; gas fixtures: stable; lot 50x130;
street comnlete: rent $25; Twelfth aye.; choic-
est elevated location; possibly $3<X> or less might
buy equity: offer wanted: a snap.
$2850— Worth $3250; Adeline station: colonial.
6 rooms, 2-story: never occupied: latest plumb-
Ing; large lot; $250 cash, balance as rent.
$SOO0 — New 7-room, porcelain bath, two toilets;
cement basement: $250 cash; 6 minutes' walk
of City Hall: terms to suit.
$2500^-$230 cash; near Senator Perkins'; new
colonial 7-room: rwrcelaln bath; bank sale.
$3250— C0?t $4500; 27th and Telegraph aye.;
modern 2-story, 8 rooms; lot 40x175; mortgage
$2200; must sell; owner going away. •
A SNAP— Due bank $2700; can remain: near
Etation in East Oakland; fine bay-win Jow 2-
story residence of 10 rooms, .bath: two. toilets:
brick foundation; barn; eorne* lot. 50x140; best
offer by Tuesday takes It: must have money.
$2SsO— Cost a S. F. merchant J4(1CO; near Berke-
ley local trains: flne 2-year-old home: brooms;
porcelain bath: lot 50x133; mortgage $1000.
$1850— Insurance $2500; near Telegraph aye.;
modern 2-story house of 7 rooms; bath; flne
barn: cost $750; lot MxlOO; barrtiln.
$1250 — Bay-window 6-room cottage; Brcadwa>
or Market stations: offer wante<s.
$950 — House of 6 rooms; stable; lot 25x132;
must sell: irolng away.
$1150— Cottare of 4 rooms; lot 50 feet: 22d St..
near San Pablo; street work complete.
$250— Lot IMxIM; half block to electric road;
cost owner $SoO: wants money.
$450 per acre— Worth double; opposite station:
corner of 10 acres. In bearing fruit; on main
county road; no better land: best location for
store or home In Alameda County: 20 minutes'
ride oi Oakland.
Do not fall tn call or write us for anything
In Oakland real estate.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Office and salesrooms.
4GO-4C2 Eighth street.
Oakland.
ROOMS TO LET Kuril, nnd Unlnrn.
A^^UNS^vTclTTwTKnir~ii^
tic to $1 per night; $1 25 to (5 per week, and
light housekeeping t open all night.
A>J elegantly furnished front alcove room,
bath adjoining: marine view; suitable for 1 or
i gentlemen. 825 California st., nr. Powell.
A— '"THE ELMER HOUSE." 524 Bush St.. ad-
Jolnlng the Russ Hotel; ?4 rooms: all prices.
BOHEMIA, 239 Poet St., cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and hII conveniences.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. IS64)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 706 (Bt. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CALIFORNIA. ?32— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms. Flngle or en suite, with phone and
bath; rent very reasonable.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, corner Ellis and Mason— Elegant-
ly furnished sunny ro<.>ms: prices reasonable.
EDDT, 20?— Newly furnished large sunny front
rcoms. with German family.
FIFTH. 3Q9 — New house; nice single rooms; gas,
running water; $."> nnd $6 per month; sunny
bay-window rooms. $10.
FOLSOM. M 5. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new rngmt.
FRANKLIN*. 21 (Newport)— Nicely furnished
rooms; Fult«t or pintle; also housekeeping.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms;*ultes or tingle; travelers accom.
OOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Nice furnished rm.
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen, with bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and MloKton Bts.— Sunny rooms, en BUlte or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, "il Mission *t.-Seleot
family rooming house; $1 EO to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7MV4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny roomi; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; II a week.
HAWTHORNE, 12— A large front room; rent
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licences have been Issued as follows:
Frank W. Johnson, 27. Redding, Cal.. and
Dora Knell, 21. city.
Miles T. Baird, 21. Kl3 Pacific avenue, and
Ruth E. Jackpon. 19, 2433 O*Farrell street.
John W. T^'cner. 24, Oridley. Cal.. and Mar-
guerite Neughten. M. 3740 Twenty-Sfth street.
Joseph H. ConEjdon Jr.. 24. 135 Halght street,
and Julia R. Davidson. 22, 136 Haight street.
Antone G. Stroh. 38. ST7 Ellis street, and Mar-
tha E. Harden. 2S. 511 McAllister street.
John Little, 23. 10 Day street, and Frances L.
Hawkins. 20. 3 Merritt street.
Emll G. Nlemler Jr., 3^. 1113 Sutter street, and
Alice Bell, £S, corner Elzhteenth and Noe sts.
Paul Petersen, 4S, city, and Maye Blevtn. 36,
city.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA lIBAL ESTATE.
$750— FINE lot, 47:2x147:2; Buena Vista aye.,
near Chestnut st.
$1750— A choice home; 6 rooms, with all mod-
ern Improvements; good location.
$2200— 6-room, modern cottage; north side of
Santa Clara aye.; lot 45x125.
$2750— Modern 9-room house; Morton-st sta-
tion; large lot.
Elegant 7-room colonial cottage. Grand St.,
to exchange for San Francisco property.
Elegant NW. corner store and flat above; In
the Mission, San Francisco: will exchange for
Alameda home.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda ; houses
to let.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
HALF block | well located, flne business corner;
Improved property; free from lncumbrance;
terms reasonable. Address ANDREW, owner,
Call office. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 103 (50
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after Mon-
day. Aoril 2, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, March 27. 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con.— A dividend ?No. W) of seventy-
five (75c) cents per share on the Issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia St., San Francisco, on April 10, 1900.
Transfer books close April S, 1900, at noon.
A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
O. t>. BALDWIN A SOX.
22 Montgomery it-
I^B.ooo— Rent* 1900 per month; Kearrjr -v
comer; 100 feet front; Tin* brick bullulng.
•36.000— R*nt» $T-0 \<*r month: new building
under b years' lease; Ten.lerloln district.
$Tfl.OoO-Rent» J4SOO j><»r imnum; CO vara on
1...: i :-. •*.; tint) luirrvvttmvniM.
tro.ooo— Obmer on MlwLm •t.; t fronts: r«it«
$175 M p*r month; fin* Imprmementß; 265 leet
cf frontage; Ftroets all acrf-jited.
fliMa-RetiUi K4OO j>er annum; corner on But-
ter. lni=lje of Leaven worth; 4-»U'ry building.
*TA«»-Jt«nts *tf*o r*r annum: corner on
*\>urth et.; 125x80: *wd improvements.
SlJ.o«t-Fel!. near OrtavJa: 2T:exl» t<» rear
•.trett; X flail"; rent* $M i«er month.
,
t40,000— Recta J3W per annum; Pac'.flo aye,
near Van New: S4xl27:S; J Horn and » flat*;
eood lmrmvemrnt*.
K4. 000-1 tent* tM64 per annum: Polk and
r-Jdy: tsxsr.«; ecod. nearly new building; al-
waya rented; lmptwlng neighborhood.
HO.Ooo—ThJrd wt- corner: 48x75; dorm to How-
ard; choic* property.
$55,000— California rt.. north eld*, near Polk;
lart* lot 75:6x147. with L; flne building; pa>i
coy about 6 per cent net; could l>e doubled.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
2 Montgomery ?t.
ANNOUNCEMENT—
Wo rwire to call the attention of Intending
ruiyei-K of ountrr lnm'.F to some bargains In ln-
eoiiie imMueing orchard, vlnt-yard. train and
stock fnriii", many of which are bank foreclos-
ure, tint we nave for sale. Our Mr. Liupn,
having hi 1 4*< rears' knowledge and experience
of die vnlue of lands, an.i being the owner of an
inqome-pnMhicing prchara anil vineyard, can ln-
telilrpiulr .ilreet Intending buyers to the >»?Ft
landi nml iNirpaliin In the State. Coll or write
for what you v.iUH.
BUBURRAN IIOMES FOR RRNT OR PAJ.B.
\Ye Jmve furnished pul.urnan homes at Hel-
mont. !*nTi .Matpo. JMo.itn.uit. St. Helena. Ala-
tueda. Herke'ev. Htc»ilr.n.l I 'ark nnd Mill Val-
ley. Phi'l.w and depi-i'itlon at offl'-e.
O. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
14 Montgomery Ft
Pml.l Push. Mnnngpr Country IXportment;
AT le«i=t H.'OO mid probably ?2P09 yearly Income!
n i'lm*i» nnd value you can t equal; lovely,
ftJod nnd complete boyond description; 43 acres
oam: fen.v.l: lir,n very thrifty bearing trees:
1? niTfp re.'lstam vineyard; 12 neres uraln: S
Horvs wooded paiturc] pplendld K«t buildings;
BliuiuiHJice water; complete with stock, VP-
!ili-l<>s. to.'!*, gruwlnij crop: everything goes
for fs7f.ii; worth every cent of $10,000; Bend
money or come a-runnlng; near Napa.
N. D. BICKELB, the LAND AGENT.
10 Genry «.. nj.p. chronicle building, 6. F»
A GENUINE "fliiap" bargain; must sell this
week; j>ii acre* very richest of highly culti-
vated level loam in crop; not an Inch of
wa«"t»>: frncf.l; 110 bearing: fruit trees; resi-
dence bun, 2 wells, etc.; 1H miles from cttyj
only *;*'••: dnn't procrastinate.
N. D. PICKELS— the LAND AGENT.
19 Geary st., opp. Chronicle building, S. F.
JIOOO— FINE jn-acre ranch; level garden land)
g'lO'l houpe; barn full of hay; fine horse,
buepy: 100 chickens and farming tools, etc. I
fare SO; half mile to station.
$2f.oi> — Fine, highly improved 120-acre farm;
goo.! S-room house and outbuildings; all In
grain; fare B0e; cheap at SSOCO.
"Fumrr.er Horce" Tract; $25 rer acre| In
lot* t.> *ult: easy term*; finest of valler fruit
and vegetable land: £* have bought and 15
built houses and more going up; fare 60c arid
frclßht fl to E. F. ; will all be sold before the
end of th<-- month.
fl&O— Xlc* 10-acre liome. on R. R.: nice land;
some oak treos; payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st.
11 ACRKS close to depot. 88 miles from this
rltyi 3 r.cres tn vineyard: pome orchard:
hoUM nnd ba.ni; a line neighborhood: beau-
tiful »r-»nery: ninnlngr water In front: bank
pr!r>«> tlf.'K); a mar: don't mips It. H. 11.
CRANE. 50R California st^
SPLENDID farm of 117 acres good land, ad-
Jolnlne town of r!fa«anton. Alameda County;
can now be purchased at $47 SO per acre and
Including portion of proving crops. H. 11.
CRANEX EOS California st.
$23'?: $25Ti PER~«cre for Immediate wvle: too
acres (or less); nearly all In crop; AlameJa
Co. : no pu.-h liarftaln ever offered. H. 11.
CHANC, f-08 Cnllfomia St.
JCOO— C ACRES at Puncl, Alameda County; 84
ar.rr* benrlng fruit; fdnoeJ and cress-fenced.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
IS ACRES near Walnut Creek. Contra OostA
County; $$00; oil tillable: $250 ca*h. C. K-
KING. PO2 Urondway, Oakland.
$10CV-200 FEET front North Oakland for $10C0;
where Saiita Fe will come In. C. K. KINO,
BC2 Broadway, Oakland.
8 ACRH? at Pan Lorenzo: vegetable land; very
rich: c:iir fr*o. C K. KINO, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. OU.
STORAGE AXU WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLI'H Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 671 J.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : 'phone Jackson 281
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 635; packing, moving and storage.
PINE. 1300, corner Hyde— 2 front sunny corner
housekeeping rooms; folding bed; gas range;
reasonable.
POST. 962— Sunny Suite, housekeeping, $18, also
Single rooms.
SECOND, 127— Housekeeping rooms; pleasant
and sunny i nicely furnished; terms reasonable.
SOUTH PARK IS4— l or S sunny rooms; nicely
furnished for hotiFeliprplng.
THIRD. I!^— Small suite Funny rooms for light
housekeeping! terms reasonable.
TURK. 127— Room for man and wife; light
housckrg. ; $10; large single front room, $8.
TWELFTH. US— Punny furnished suites, com-
plete for housekeeping.
UNION Pqunre aye., 127R— Nice sunny front
Plngle room; also housekeeping room.
VAN NESS aye., 43— Changed hands: Nleely fur-
nished room for housekeeping: In suites, $12 to
$20 month: also rooms for 2 gentlemen.
VAN NEPS aye., 1021— S or more rooms, en
f-ulte; parlor floor; gas range; complete for
housekeeping.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping- rooms;
newly papered) ?5 per month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisement* and
rubecrlptions has been established at 1038
Vnlenrla st.
MISSION, 1511— Newly furnished front and
back rooms for housekeeping.
MOSS. 13. off Howard, near Seventh— £ or 3
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 739. near Ninth— s sunnr housekeep-
ing rooma ; party to applet in work.
OAK, 31, 1 hlock from Market st. and Van Ness
nve. — Lovely punny front suite; running
water: ras range: grate; also 3 connecting
front rooms, eumplete for housekeeping; very
reasonable.
OAK, 11?— 1 large sunny furnished housekeep-
ing; Iron bed, closet; clean; $8.
BARGAINS IN COUNTRY LASCD DEPAJIT-
MKNT OF HOOKER & LBNT.
14 POST STIUDET.
GENTLEMAN'S HOME.
J275»— 120 acn-s; short distance from Glen
Ellen, ponoroa County; 6-r<>oni. hard finished
house; hot and cold water: all furniture; 2
borse?; 1 wngnn; buggy; farming toolH; 11 acres
orchard nnd olives; 4 springs; Ideal country
h<>ni«>; $120 i) can remain on mortgage; owner In
Europe; ••<>m S'iW.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
$12!V>— Fr.ap: 210 acres of good land In P»notn»
Count}*; about K> acres In vines; some fruit
trfj'?; nenr lallroad.
GRAIN AND FRUIT RANCH.
$.">n)n— -(;;, nt-ivo, near Napa; S acres bearing or-
chard; bouae: barn; ped home
IRKIT, VINES AND GRAIN.
$11,500—135 avr<-r»; 100 acres lirarlnfT orchard
and vinos; (r>«>l Improvements. Including pack-
Ing-house. hl.i<-k*mitii shop, etc.; owner non-
re.-«l.1em: will t»-l\ on easy terms; this year's
.n.|> K.-e* with place, which will be almost suf-
ticii-m t» make rim payment; not fur from
Oakland.
GENTLEMAN'S HOMR
C 230&-10 nrrvs, adjoining goud town In Ala-
meda County: all In bearing lrv.H: good house;
flne wfII of water; enMly worth JdOO.
OWNER GOING TO SOJIB,
$5000— «2 acres: co?t IKiOO: li miles from Glen
BUen; 35 acres bearing orchard and vines; 20
Ht-res hay and train land: bouse! barn; short
distance to n-h
SUOAK PINE TLMBRR.
LAKi: COUNTT RANCH
$3T.00— «40 aorvs rusnr pine Umber.
$15ya_4G0 apn-v : W- ar-rvs grain land; some fruit
trees: houFe; barn; p!i-rt distance from Mlddle-
tewn: offer v.anted.
PAN MATIW HOSIII
$7KCO— Ixiwly horne | 2 v.-res; covered with fruit
and ornamental trveoi t*i»le!>dll 12-room re*>t-
doiiee; stable: hothouse, etc I few blocks from
depot; Witt be cold on easy terms.
HOOKER & LRNT,
OAKLAND ROOMS.
BUNXY rooms, ulr.stle. en suite and housekeep-
ing- *4 ur» Hrr»l Chasta. I!?* Hroartwav.
HOWARD. 650— Front room and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1324— Large sunny bay-window room
with kitchen complete for housekeeping.
JACKSON 301>- Elegant house; 3 furnished
rooms ; one double; with gns; $27 50: gas stove.
JESSIE. 478— Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
light housekeeping: terms reasonable.
JUNIPER 42' i, off Folsom. bet. Tenth and
Eleventh— Furnished room for housekeeping.
LDAVENWORTH, 225— Sunny corner bay-win-
dow; unfurnished: American family: adults.
LOCUST aye., 12. r >, near cor. Van Ness and Mc-
Allister st— Front furnished room, $5 month.
MARKET. 16r>8, opposite Tenth— Large sunny
alcove; housekeeping; furnished; $7.
MINNA. 28— Punny furnished housekeeping and
single moms; TPc and $1 per week.
MINNA, 739— Two bunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. .
MISSION. 911»5— Sunny kitchen and bedroom,
lurnlshed for" housekeeping.
Marcella. beloved daughter of Catherine and
the late Michael Galvln, and beloved sister of
K»;!e, Willie, Maggie and Tommle Galvln.
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 14 days.
GODFREY— In Alameda. March SO. 1D«). Wil-
liam B. Godfrey, dearly beloved husband of
May Godfrey, son of Martha and the late
Henry J. Godfrey, and brother^bf Mrs. Mar-
etta Holland and Hurelte and Henry 8. God-
frey, aged 35 years.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'cl.ick, from his late resi-
dence, 1401 St. Charles street. Alameda; 12:45
narrow-gauze boat. Enclnal station.
HAYWARD— In this city. March 30, 1900, Lewis
A. husband of Margaret 3. Hayward. a na-
tive of Vermont, aged 52 years 6 months and
8 days.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morr<>\v
(Monday), at 2 o'rl.tok. from King Solomon's
Hall. Masonic Temr>'e, corner Post and Mont-
gomery streets, un.ler the auspices of Ix>rtc
Lo<lf-e No. 21«. F. arul A. M. Interment Cy-
pre«s Lawn CemetervXby special funeral car
leaving Third ami Townsend streets at 3:30
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
LANDVOGT— In th!s city. March 31. WOO. Au-
gusta Lamlvort. belove.l wife of John Lan<!-
vo 2t2 t and mothT of Kmma. Charlie. Bertha
and Freddie Lan.lvngt. a native of Cincin-
nati. Ohio, ased 42 years 7 months and 15
flays.
LK<:OK— Tn this city. March 30. 1900, fit his
late residence. 5 Harry place. Robert, beloved
husband of Annie Leirge. and father of Dr.
Robert T. and the late J. William Lcgue. a
native of Missouri, agej id years and 2
months.
mrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atten.l the f;m<=ral this flay
'Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Shlels building.
S2 O'Karrell street, under trie auspices of
GoMen Gate Lod^e No. t, A. O. U. W. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
LEMMON— In this city. Mrs. Elizabeth Lem-
mon. wife of the late Jefferson lemmon.
mother of Wllllriti Valencia. Laurel Frederick
an.l Thnmas Lernmon. daughter of Joseph
Schra lel«r. ami sister of Laurel Banks and
Joseph Schrivleler. a nat'.ve of San Francisco.
afr»<l 38 years 1 month and 8 days.
ETFrlenrl* an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invltPil to attend the funeral from her
late residence. 13 Hr.fr avenue, at 1 o'clock.
Services at St. Boniface's Church. Golden
Gate avenue.
LKNT— In this city, March 31. 19C0. John M.
Lent, a native ot Now York, aged 52 years
11 months and 2 .lays.
McDONALD— In th!s city. March 31. 1300. Mary
V., beloved daughter of Patrick and th» lat»
Annie Rice McDonalJ. a natlv* of San Fran-
cisco.
inTFrlends and acaualntanros are respect-
fully Invited to atteml the runeral to-morrow
(Mr>nrlay>. at 9:30 o'clock, frr-m her late resi-
dence. 2C3 Fulton street, tfienre to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem hi?h mass will
be celebrated for the repr.se> of h?r son! at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MORIARTY— In this city, March 33. 1300. Dan-
iel, beloved son of the late John and firiilset
Moriarty, and brother of the late Mary Mcir-
larty, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years.
CTThe funeral will t.ifc* place to-morrow
(Monday), at ?:30 o'clock, from his lats
residence. 22 Howard court, off Howard street,
between Fourth an.l Fifth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requirm high mass
will be celebrate.! for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PACHECO— In San Rafael. March 23» 1300. John
J. Pacheco. dearly r.e'overl husband of Jull*
Pacheco (nee Tanforan). father of Frances O.
Pacheco. an<t brother of (iu»mecindo. August
and Salvador Pacheco and Mrs. C. C. Valen-
cia, a native of San Rafael. Cal.. aged 33
years.
it^Notlee of funeral hereafter.
PATTEN— In this city, March SI, 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved wlfa of William P. Patten,
and mother of William J.. Harry A.. Mary
E. an.l Herbert J. I'atten. a native of Lon-
don. England, atced S3 years 10 months and 7
days. A member of California Circle No. IC3.
C. O. F. (New York papers pleas* copy.)
(CyKriends anil acauftintancm ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2 Central court, off Octavia street, be-
tween Haight. and Waller, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
PIKE— In Plea«anton. Alameda County. Es-
ther VioTa Pike, wlfa of B. D. Pike, and
sister of Mrs. A. Farsro 1 and Mi-s. E. G.
Gould, a native of Livermore, aged 22 years
11 months and S days.
CTTrienas and ac(i-ia.intance» aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral •ervices
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock.
F.US3ELL— In this city, March SL 1?00. Mon-
Bon Russell, husband of Georgle E. Russell,
and father of Beatrice K. and Tracy O. Rus-
sell, a native of Concord, N. V.. aged 62
years and 7 months.
C7Fr:ends are Invited to attend th« funeral
services to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at
Masonic Temple, corner Post and Montjromery
streets, under the auspices of California
Lodeo No. 1, F. and A. M. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Town^end streets.
SEXTON— In this city. March CO. 1300, Th^tna*
Sexton, beloved brother of Dennis, Patrick.
Honora and David Sexton and th» late Mrs.
Margaret. Murphy, a native of Ashford.
County LlmT'.ck. Ireland, aged 65 years.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tht9 day
(Sunday), at S o'clock, from the residence of
his brother. David Se-xton. ITO Twenty-third
street, thence to St Peter" » Church, where a
reciuiem *h:?h mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of his noul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interir.fnt Holy Cress Cemetery.
EHAUGHNESSY— In this city. March SO. 1900.
Frank H., dearly beloved son of William and
Ida Shaughnessy. a native of San Francisco,
aged IS years 11 months and 1 day.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerp.l to-morrow
(Monday), from his late residence. 312 Fair
Oaks street, thence by electric funeral car
from Thirtieth street and San Jose avenne at
t o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
EHOOP— In this city. March 30, 13C0, Joseph,
relict of the late Catherine Shoop, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 70 years 2 month* and 19
day 3.
C^Frlerds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from Odd Fellows" HalL corner
Market and Seventh streets. wher« sarvlces
will be held under the auspices ot Western
Addition Lodge No. 253. I. O. O. F.. eommenc-
Ing at 1 o'clock Interment Mount OUv*t
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors oi H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street.
WILLIAMSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. March 31. 13<iO. Leon A. "Williamson. &
native of North Carolina, aged 37 years.
WUETHRICH— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. March SI. 1300. Samuel Wuethrlch. a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 51 years.
ZUCKERMAN— In this dry. March SI. 1300.
Alphonse Zuckerman. husband of Era Zuck-
erman. and father of Irene Zuckerman. a na-
tive of Germany.
C7Nctlce of funeral hereafter.
NEW houses to rent; adjacent to the university
grounds; 8 and 9 rooms, with all the latest
Improvements; In the very best part of beau-
tiful Berkeley. MASON & McLENATHEN.
adjoining Postoffice, Berkeley station.
NEARLY new 7-room house, on the sunny side
of street, only 2 blocks from the station and
1 block from electric cars; In thorough order:
sanitary plumbing; to close an estate we will
sell at a bargain. MASON & McLENA-
THEN, adjoining Postoffice. Berkeley station.
WE have got to sell within 1 week 5 acres of
perfectly level land, fronting on 100-foot street
and not 6 minutes from Berkeley station;
street work done: the best bargain we have
had for years.
MASON McLENATHEN.
Adjoining Postofflce. Berkeley.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FIVE acres, near ears and school; all-in fruit;
house; barn; wide avenue: worth $4000; price
$3600. Review office, Elmhurst FRANK
STORER.
$10 CASH. $6 monthly till paid: chicken run; 50
x 256 feet; price, all told, $190; level land:
sandy loam, 3 U> 7 feet deep; no adobe: plenty
of good water; site and climate suoerb; no
cold winds or foes here; build your home or
we will build for you; stop paying rent; near
electric cars and 90-foot wide boulevard: not
far from a fine school: Westall Tract, adjoining
East Oakland; call or send for circulars. 4^>
Seventh st., near cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
$;Gn<V-lX VESTMENT— S26OO.
2 modern flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
first-class condition: Market-st. station: pay
1 rer cent monthly on Investment. J. S.
MYERS. ICC2 Broadway, Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ELEGANT 9-room home, adjacent University.
Just completed: also 50-foot lot. with modern
5-room cottage In South Berkeley; $1500. M.
L. WURTS. Seventeenth and Broadway. Oak.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent 324 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms.
E ASTON. ELDRJDGU & CO.,
_ <M Market Street
PROPERTIES EAST OF LAHKIN AND
NORTH OF FOI^SOM ST.
NORTH OF MARKET STREET.
$T7.Ooo— Make offer; lot r7:«x137r6; on Sutter i«t
n*»r Hyde; prvm-nt rents $161 per month
can b*} .:¦.;! ;.-.i «t rllphi oxpoiise^
W4.ooo— Pine rt.. near M«!«.>n; 2*xM; 8 flnte of 7,
T un<i h rooms and bath; rents $112 tO
X>er month,
|U.COO-nnrti rt.. rear Mancn; Jot 23:2xSf»; 4
fiats of «. 4. : Bn <l G rooms and bath;
r«H« |31 per month.
PAYS IT4 PER CI3NT.
$7,690— Ne«r Ptooklrm ami Putter sts.; S new
fiats of S. b and 6 rooms and bath:
every modern Improvement, porcelain
tubs, til* mantes, etc.; Sot 30xW feet
all rented to permanent tenants.
tf.soo— Make offer; on lywls pf.. near Taylor: S
m.idem flats of 6, 6 ai<d C rooms; rent*
i. :.¦ — On L«ivenworlh rt., ne»r S*cramento
! flatu of 5 aiul S rooms end r-ith; rents
SOUTH OF MARK ITT STREET. ,
115/000-On Mlanlon «t. b*t Fifth and Blxthj
•tore and 14 room*.
*U i 6»-«9j.ir.O feet, from Minna ft back to N»-
•-•¦;. and haif a block from Second.
(3.7:0— 0n Clemer.tlna n near Second; lot I3x
jmpTt SO; 4 fiats of ; and 3 nvHin; renU $42 CJ
• per month. ,
HKX>-Natoma »t.. near TWrd; lot JOxSO; oia
Icipruvcmente; rwit» $30 10 per month.
EASTON. niJ)Rirw3n & CO..
«2S Market .t
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
REAL. KSTATE CITV — FOR :>ALIS.
REAL KSTATE — COUNTRV — For Sale
$12.W-GROCF.RY find 4 rooms, lot 25x100. an for
$1250; worth $2300; a snap. ALDEN CO., HIS
Broadway.
$3500 — NEW; modern: 7 rooms and corner lot:
near ears: will exchange In part. ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$SSO— BEST lodging house In Oakland; call and
examine. ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
A— l-ACRE and half-acre lots, with house,
chicken. houses, etc.. and fruit tree*. ALDEM
CO., 1118 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real estate: also furniture.
pianos, etc. ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
$4500— ONE acre and a half, fronting on Frutt-
vale aye.; all to full benrtng fruit trees; mod-
ern cottage of « rooms, barn. etc. : only $!O<X)
cash, payments same as rental. Apply to J
8. JOHNSON. 878 Broadway. Oakland.
$1200— MODERN 4- room cottage: bargain; easy
terms. 1403 East Twenty-second St.. East
Oakland, or 363 Hayes st. San Francisco.
A— HOTEL La Normandle, 526 Eddy— Bunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; flrst-
class table and service; prices moderate.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay-Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
convenience!: rate* reasonable.
Baclgalupl. Honora Lent. John M.
Calnan. Daniel McDonald. Jlarr V.
dough, Charles L. Moriarty. Daniel
Danforth, Irene Pacheco, John 3.
Dean William G. Patten, Margaret
Ettllnger. Sarah Pike, Esther V.
Everett, Mabel E. Russell, Monsoa
Galvln, Mary M. Sexton. Thomas
Godfrey, William B. Shaughnessy. Frank
Hayward. Lewis A. Shoop. Joseph
Landvogt. Augusta. "Williamson. Leon A.
Legge, Robert Wuethrlch. Samuel
Lemmon, Mrs. E. Zuckerman. Alphonse
BACIGALUPI— In this city, March JO, 1300.
Honora Alma, dearly beloved and only daugh-
ter of Louis and Josle BacUalupl, and sister
of Guldo and Robbie Baclgalupl. a native of
San Francisco, ased 7 months and 17 days.
fpfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 61SA Lombard street. Interment
Xew Italian Cemetery, San Mated County.
Cal.
CALNAN— In this city. March 30. 1300. Daniel,
beloved husband of Hannah Calnan. and
thcr of John and Julia Calnan ar.d Mrs
OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.
HOWARD. K»— Rooms from fl week up to $5,
25c to Jl night: also housekeeping romos.
JESSIE, Cl 4 — Newly furnished room to let;
FURNISHED HOUSES.
5 r00m5.... 5;5|9 r00m5.. ..5100.00 8 r00m5.. ..545
6 r00m5.... 85 5 r00m5.... 22.50 10 r00m5.... 40
7 rooms 4C 6 rooms "3.00 6 rooms — SO
7 r00m5.... 3518 r00m5.... 75.00(10 r00m5.... BO
Great bargains In improved property.
Lots all sizes $250 to $4000.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st
$4SO WILL buy a nice corner lot. 40x117, near
station or will build new modern cottage of
6 rooms. Including this lot. for $2UOO. J. H.
YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park st.
$4EOO— ELEGANT home of 0 rooms on Grand St.;
in a park-like neighborhood; all modern Im-
provements; near station and school; this Is a
great opportunity, as owner Is going to Eu-
rope. Call or address H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park Ft.. Alameda.
SEWING .MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency,l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALci.
AN" introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th-
furnlture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oaklan-i.
HATES. 120—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
elnk and stove; rent $10.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
$1750 FOR A
Cottage. 6 rooms, outbuildings: lot lOCxlOO;
containing fruit, flowers, etc.; private water
supply: 3 blocks from postoffice. schools, cars,
etc. : only $350 cash balance bank mortgage.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
THE SA^T FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
TWO neatly furnished single rooms; with or
without board. 364 Minna Bt.
VAN NESS aye., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and board; furnished and unfurnished; $20 up.
"WANTED— A few day boarders; home cooking:
private family. 724 Eddy st
nOOMS WANTED.
iWu connecting housekeeping rooms for 1
young ladles engaged during the day; rooms
to be swept once a week; neighborhood
Twelfth and Mission sts. Box 3367, Call office.
YOUNG, man wishes furnished room In private
family near downtown; state terms. Box 3361,
Call.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile naive. $1 per
box: warranted to cure all oases of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
plies without fail, no matter of how long
Btanding. 1628 Devisadero St., near Sutter.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mall: at drug-
elsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 115 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-lH; tcl. SS:O.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Ilartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office ar.d principal place of business,
226 Market st. San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 9th day of
March. 1900. an assessment (No. 8) of three
(S) cents per share was levied upon the capi-
tal stock of the corporation, payable Imme-
diately in United States gold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 11th iay of April. 1300,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is made
before, will be sold on the 28th day of April,
1900. to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
or sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
226 Market st.
TO I.HASK,
WANTED to rent— Party wishing to change
city life for a country one will lease a suit-
able property for running as a first-class
summer resort; plenty ot wood, water, shade,
fishing and hunting essential; with mineral
springs preferred; within three hours of San
Francisco. Send full particulars to Merchant,
box 3301, Call office.
KENILWORTH INN, romantically situated In
Mill Valley; 50 minutes" ride from San Fran-
cisco; completely furnished: 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths: electric lights; heaters
throughout: elevator.*, etc.; rent low. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property: 95x
160; on Mission st., near Fifteenth; will build
licht structure. Owner, box 3109. Call. '
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FRUITVALE.
FOREST PARK FOREST PARK
H-ACRE LOTS LOTS.
15 SOLD THIS WEEK.
There are 5 new eottag»a building now. "We
can suit you In any kind of a lot or house.
Prices will be advanced April D. Buy now and
get the benefit of the profit* to be made within
a very short time.
Lota 175 feet deep and any frontage desired;
all streets graded; water piped to every lot;
in Frultvale sanitary district; over 4000 forest
and fruit trees on this tract; a good specula-
tion If you do not want a home; we build to
suit you; title guaranteed: close to car and
transportation lines.
$250— Lot 50x175.
$300-Lot 50x175: 50 trees on this lot
$500— Lot 130x181
$600— Lot 154x183.
$950— Lot £0x150; $S0 down, balance $12 50 per
month: well and pump; fenced; street graded:
A rooms; 7-foot basement, celled; house hard
finished.
$1000— $50 down, balance $13 50 per month: all
conveniences; close to station.
$1050—5 rooms; 3 minutes from station; city
water; sewers; street graded; $50 cash, balance
$14 or $15 per month.
$1150— Chicken ranch? 4 rooms; fenced; well;
lot 137x181: close to cars; 6 cent fare.
$1200— 550 dotvn, $16 50 per month; large lot;
chicken houses, etc.
$1500—9 rooms; barn; corner lot; fruit trees;
splendid for chickens.
Our list of bargains consists of over 200
pieces of real estate. Improved and unimproved.
In and around the bay district. S<^ us at
either office, as below.
MONET TO LOAN.
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
San Francisco office — Room 2, ground floor, 222
Sansome St.: afternoons.
Frultvale office— Half a block above Frult-
vale station.
FOR SALE BT H. A. PLBITNER.
Splendid buy for a home or Investment.
$2150— Reduced from $3000; fine modern cottage
of 6 large moms and bath; on one floor: mantel,
nttlc basement, chicken houses, fruit trees;
corner lot. 75x160; must be sold; an opportunity
worth investigating.
$1500 — Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement;
stable: chicken house; lot 107x260: all fenced.
$1400— Cottage of S rooms and bath: corner
lot. 50x122: only S blocks from Frultvale station.
$900 — Bay-window cottage of S large rooms
and bath; hard finished; high basement, etc.;
only 3 blocks from local train; easy terms If de-
s7oA^-$lOO cash, balance $3 per month, will buy
a cozr cottage of 4 rooms; newly renovated;
barn and chicken houses; large lot: fine place
for raising chickens.
$550— House of 4 rooms and basement; large
chicken house, good well and pump: lot 50x110;
all fenced: JIW cash, balance on your own terms.
10 acres. 3*4 acres In bearing orchard: coUbet;
of 4 rooms and bath. 2 barns, chicken houses,
gnod well, windmill and tank.
For particular* apply to H. A. PLEITNEK.
Frultvale Station, Cah
$450— A BEAUTIFUL S-room cottage, now com-
pleted; lot 35x100: part caflh: on easy Install-
ments. Inquire F. GOODMAN, Abby st,
Allendale Tract. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LOOS— In this city. March 25. 1900. to the- wlf«
of W. L. Loos, a son.
OLSEN— In this city, to the wife of Ed Olsen.
a d.iushter.
PALMER— In this city. March 31. 1300, to th«
wife of Vlfred E. Palmer-, a son.
PRICE— In this city, March 30. 1300, to the
wife of W. E. Price, a son.
PLYMIRE— In this city, March 27. 1900, to the
wife of Dr. E. B. Plymire, a son.
SEITZ— In this city, March 22. 1900. to the wlf»
of Peter A. Seltz. a daughter.
SIIATTUCK— In this city. March 29. 1900. to
the wife of F. B. Phattuck. a daughter.
"WULFF— In this city. March 27. I*oo. to th«
wife of Otto WulfT, a son.
DIED,
30Continued on Page Thirty.
NEW YORK. March 81.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34,877 barrels: exports, 15,838 barrels; Inactive,
byt steady at unchanged prices. Winter pat
ents, 13 K®3 90; winter etraiKhts. $8 45^3 65;
Minnesota patents. $3 70^3 95; winter extras,
12 60-32 90; Minnesota bakers, J2 Sofj3; winter
low grades. $2 2502 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 65.600 bushels; exports,
68.639 bushels. Spot— Market steady; No. 2 red,
Eo?4c f. o. b. afloat: No. I red, 77H0 elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 8034 c t. o. b. afloat.
Options— After a momentary advance, at the
opening due to stronger cables, options yielded
to local unloading and ruled rather weak
throughout tho forenoon, closing dull and easy
at fto net decline. March; 7S*«S>'79fto; May,
73 13-16(574%c, closed 73%0; July. 75 15-16@74\ic,
closed 73% c; September, 74@74 S-16c. closed 74c.
HOPS — Quiet. State, common to choice, 1896
crop, 6c; 183S crop, 7@9c; 1899 prop, 12@13c; Pa
cific Coast. IS9B crop, 4@>Cc; 18S8 crop, 7@9c;
18H9 crop, 123 1 13 c.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
19ftc; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 21ftc; Texas
dry 24 to 30 pounds. 15c.
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 25<g'28c; Texas,
15S18C.
COFFEE— The market closed barely steady,
with prices unchanged to 5 points lower. TotaJ
sales. 13,600 bags. Including: May. $6 45; July,
$6 60; August, $6 60; September, $6 65: October,
$6 65; November. J6 60; December, $6 90<tf6 95.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 3 31-32 c;
centrifugal, 86 test, 4 15-32 c; molasses sugar,
3 25-32 c; refined, dull; standard A. 4.95 c; confec
tioners' A. 4-960; mold A. 6.80 c; cut loaf. 5.55 c:
crushed, 6.55 c; powdered, 6.26 c; granulated,
5.15 c; cubes. e.SOc.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2840 packages; weak.
Western creamer}', 20@24c; factory, ITftQ'Wftc.
EGGS— Receipts. 13,318 packages; firm. West
ern at mark. 12c; Southern at mark, lKjfl2o.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was quiet
and steady at unchanged prices. California
dried fruits were dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4ft"Sso: prime, 55i@6c; choice, 7®7ftc; fancy,
7%@Sfto.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— Bft®7o.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@15o; Moorpark. 15^18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ISiS'22c; unpeeled. 7ft@9c.
CHICAGO, March 31.— The Wheat market to
day concluded a month which has boosted the
price of May Wheat up l%3lftc in a very quiet
manner. In vain did holders point to the higher ;
cables from Liverpool, and, again without ef
fect, to the reports of damages by rain to the
Argentine crop. Those who were selling se
renely colled attention to the liberal receipts,
the fine weather and the crop prospects, which
point to bulging bins at the end of next sum
mer's harvest. So there was not the demand
to-day that characterized yesterday's session,
and there seemed to be plenty for sale, but It
was not a large speculative market. At the
opening there was a short-winded upward
spurt on the bullish considerations, but there
after It waa the other way. Export sales wera
light, . but seaboard clearances in Wheat and
Flour were equal to 622,000 bushels. The cosh
demand waa slack.
The Corn market had some strength early be
cause, of the higher cables from Liverpool and
the usual light country offerings, May selling
at 890 several times, but this was lost. The
weather probably actod along with a desire for
profits in causing liquidation. May closed H'fj
ftc under yesterday.
The Oats market yielded with other grains,
the feature of the trade being the selling of
both July and May by a cash house. May closed
*i.c lower.
There waa nothing llko a repetition of the ac
tivity of the recent days in the Provisions pit
to-day. The market was easier, too. Hcga
were generally weaker. There waa pront-taklng
and some selling on stop-loss orders, and less
of an outside demand than during the period
which carried May Pork for rains of more than
$1. Liverpool was lower for Lard. The feature
of the trade was tho demand for May Ribs
May Pork closed 100 under yesterday; May
1-tf.rd 5c lower, and May Rlbe 7fto lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cloee
Wheat No. t—
March eg^
May 67ft 67% te% 66»i I
July 6SVi 68H 67*; • 6774 I
September 65% 68% 6Sft 68^i
Corn No. 1— !
March 37%;
May 39 S3 BSH Z&\
July 40 40 89ft 33ft
September 40 -40ft 39% 89jj
Oats No. £—
May 24% 24ft Zi% 24%
July 24ft 24Vi 23T4 24
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 12 65 12 70 12 B5 12 60
July ..12 25 13 20 12 20 12 22ft
Lord, per 100 pounds —
May 645 846 6 S7ft 6 87ft
July 6 65 6 55 6 45 6 47ft
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — :
May 660 6 67ft 665 6 57ft I
July 665 6 57ft 6 47ft 6 47ft j
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm: winter patents. $3 5033 05; straights,
J2 $o^-3 35; clears, $2 70?S 06; spring specials,
$3 SO: patents. $3 10S-3 45; straights. $2 6X(t3;
bakers', $2 ! g'2 45: No. 3 spring wheat, 62ti6Cfte:
No. 2 red. 6»S7Oc: No. 2 corn. 3sfj3Sftc; No. 2
oats. 24 I> -f,sa-24*;c; No. 2 white. 27(8'27?ic; No. 3
whiter 24 3 i'g-27ftc: No.. 2 rye. 66c; No. 2 barley.
40£T43e: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 65; prime timothy
seed, $2 3532- 40; mess pork, per barrel, ill 93t? !
12 CO; lard, per 100 pounds. $6 254F6 37ft; short j
ribs sides (loose), J8 60<36 75; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). J6 25^6 60; short clear sides !
(boxed), J6 75fr6 80; whisky, distillers' finished |
goods, per gallon. $1 25; sugars, cut loaf, 6c;
granulated, 5.44 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 86.0C0
Wheat, bushels 41,000 106,000 1
Corn, bushels 256.0<X) 216,000,
Oats, bushels 273.00.) 361.0<>) i
Rye bushels 16.000 2,0)0'
Barley, bushels 6S,O<X> 13,000 |
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter |
market was weak; creamery. 19S22ftc: dairy. J
16<@22c. Cheese firm, 12® 13c. Eggs steady;
fresh, lOftc.
Exchange and . Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 88ft
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87»i
Sterling Cables — 4 BS>4
New York Exchange, sight — 17ft
New York Exchange, telagraphlo — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69H
Mexican Dollars 48ft 4J
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Was quiet all <rrtr the world, at
about the same prices. There was no particular
news from any quarter.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, tVA&VAc; milling.
BSfcc£sl OlVi.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls.
SSftc.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — Mar— lo,ooo ctls,
SSftc; 10,000. 9SSo.
BARLEY— RuIes dull at the familiar prices.
Feed, 75c for No. 1 and 66@72ft0 for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80Q
87ftc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales. . /
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings meet with very little atten
tion.
White. $1 10@l SO; Red. 95c©$l 17ft; Ormy,
$1 07ft©l 15: Black, 97ftc#$l 05.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at $10601 07ft
per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1©1 10; mixed,
fl 06<?l 07% per ctL
RYE— 97ftc3sl per ctl.
BUCKAVIit-AT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60©3 76.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 4O'tf3 (0; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25<@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 60;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2533 60; Buck
wheat Floor, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. 11 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60,
Rolled Oats (barrels), !6£7 25; in sacks. J5 75(3
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$S 60 per 100 lbs. •
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Dry weather operated. In favor of the market
for Bran last week, though It produced no effect
on Hay. Business is light all around.
BRAN— JI2 50®13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Darley, $15®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?2C';f2T; jobbing,
$27 60(?2S; Cocoanut Cake. I2O!S21; Corn Meal.
$23 sC!ff24; Cracked Corn. $24-&24 60; Mixed Feed.
{15 60; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $7<g9 for common to good;
$9 '" for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat
and Oat. $6 60@9; Oat, $6@S; Barley, $597; Al
falfa. $6<S7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2Sg3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices rule for everything. Beans
continue very firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $3£3 23; small White, $3 25<3
3 50; large White. $3 20©3 25; Pinks, $2©2 85;
Reds. $3 60 8 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nom
inal; Lima, $5 23; Pea, $3 40@3 50; Red Kidneys.
$3 50@4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
i Mustard. 4ft©4\c; Flax, $1 90@2 20; Canary,
Sftc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa. 9®loc; Rape, 2ft@3c; Hemp, 4224ftc;
Timothy. 4£4ftc.
DRIED PEAS— Nilee, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ Potatoes are in liberal supply and dull, and
| there is no scarcity in Onion 6.
j Tomatoes are lower under the recent large re-
I celpts. Asparagus and Peas are firm. Rhubarb
is weak. Fancy New Potatoes In boxes brought
2c.
Receipts were 1369 boxes Asparagus, 624 boxes
Rhubarb, 603 eacka Peas and 201 sacks New Po
tatoes.
| POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65§75c; River Reds,
j nominal; Burbanks, 40'365c per sack; Oregon
I Burbanks, 65c1(51; Sweet Potatoes. $2 33ig2 30
j for Merced and $1 25 for Rivers; New Potatoes
| ISIKc.
j ONIONS— (2 50® 2 75 per ctl: Cut Onions, 50cg
$1 RO.
j VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c©$l 23 per box-
Asparagus, $I@l 25 per box for No. 2 and $1 50®
2 for No. 1 and $2 25©2 50 for fancy large; Green
Peas, 73c@$l 75 per sack; String Beans, 6QlOc;
Cabbage, 40<JT5Oc; Tomatoes, $160(32 25; Egg
Plant from Los Angelee S^lOc; Dried Okra
32fto per lb; Garlic, 2ft!g3ftc; Green Peppers
from Los Angeles, 25c; Dried Peppers, 8® 10c;
Carrots, 25©35 c per sack; Los Angeles Summer
Squash, $I@l 50 per box; Cucumbers, 60c® $1 50
per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
' The Poultry market was well cleaned up at
the close. Moderate receipts of Eastern are ex
pected the first of the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, B@loc for Gobblers
and 12513 c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2@2 25-
GoFlings, $2 50(g3: Ducks. $4 5035 50 for old and
$4 50@5 30 for young; Hens. $3 50@5; Young
Roosters, $6Q7; Old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers,
$5 60; Broilers, $495 for large and $3@3 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen for old and
$2ti2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1: Rabbits, $I*3l 25; Gray
Geese, $2; White, 75c; Brant, 75cff Jl CO; Honk
ers, $3 per dozen; English Snipe, $2 60@S; Jack
Snipe, $150.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese.
Another fractional decline in Butter Is noted.
Stocks are free and the market Is very soft.
Cheese is unchanged.
Eggs are steady at the quotations, and there
are less on the floors, though a good many have
been put into cold storage.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, lTftSlSo; seconds.
17c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16ftc; good to choice, 15418 c:
common, 14c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 8c; old. 7ftc;
Young America. Sft@9c; Eastern, 15®16c; West
ern. 13ft©15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12ft®18o for store and 13ft0
15c ser dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The steamer Is In with fresh Mexican Limet.
Provisions.
The market Is. stiff at the advance, and still
higher prices are not unlikely, as stocks are
reported light in the West
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lOftc per -lb for
heavy lOfto for light medium, llftc for light.
12ftc for extra light and 13ftc for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13o: M?ss Beef, $12
per bbl; extra Mess, $12; Family. .114; extra
Prime Pork, $14 60; extra clear, $17 50; Mets,
$16 50; Smoked Beef, 12ftj613c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 79Sc per lb for
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4J?4ftc for
40-50's, 3%54c for 50-60's, 3ftc for 60-7Cs, Jftc
for 70-80' s, 3#3Vic for 80-90*8 and 2%c for 9<h
100's; Apricots, ll@l2ftc for Royals, 12ft®15c
for Moorparks and I2©l3ftc for Blenheims;
Peaches, sft@6c for Staudards, eftSS-Xc for
choice and 7&Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10®
12ftc; Evaporated Apples. 6® 7c; Sun-dried 5@
6ftc per lb; Nectarines, S@9c; Pears. 3ftff4fto
for dark and 7®Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2ff2ftc; White Figs, 203 c; Bleached
Plums, S©9c; unbleached Plums, 7@7ftc for
pitted and lftc for unpitted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, Sftc: choice, 7ftc: standard. 6ftc;
prime. Be: unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, sftc;
8-crown. 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. a b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, BS9o for standards and
9@loc for softshells: Almonds. llft@l2c for
paper shell. 9@loc for soft and 4®sc for hard
shell- Peanuts. s»i>@6%c for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7ft@Sc; Filberts.
I2fi"l2ftc: Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 £035.
HOXtfY— Comb. llft®l2c for bright and 10ft9
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
7%c: light amber extracted, VAQlttc; dark,
"&WA&W** P^ lb.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S@9Oc per box for common. $IQ
1 f»0 for cood to choice «nd $1 7."4r2 for fan^v.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Molln
dos, $S@lo for Sharpless and J15y20 for small
berries.
CITKUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 6002 73
per box: Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Lemons, JIQI 50
for common and $2@2 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5 50@6; California Limes. 509
75c; Bananas, $I@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$4@5 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is a steady outward movement In
Prunes, but otherwise there Is not much going
on.
Business In local securities was fair at un
changed quotations.
The oil stocks were very dull.
The Giant Powder Company has declared a
dividend of 73 cents per share, payable April 10.
The Stockton Gas and Electric Company will
pay a quarterly dividend of 30 cents per share
to-morrow.
The Honokaa Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 25 cents to-morrow.
Local dividends for the month were as fol
lows:
1393. 1900.
Banks $200,000 JSOO.OnO
Gas 96,273 76.3KS
Water 63.041 52.6.M
Railway 5,000 7,600
Powder 45,0<J0 30.0<>0
Sugar 55.000 17J.907
Fish 36,000 37,511
Oil 10.8u0
Telephona 2Q.700 20.700
Mining U2.273 112.800
Miscellaneous IS.OOO 31.533
Total $631,291 $314,870
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. ..
Bld.Ask..
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.ll6ftll7 l i
4s do reg llS'illS 1"*1 "*
4s do CD new..134 V*133
3s do coup HOftlllft
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 ft —
C C Wat 55....K>6 —
Ed L & P 65. .129 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 114 —
Geary-st R 53. — 95
H C & S 5ft5..105 110
Do 6s lu63ilO7ft
L A Ry 5s 105 ft —
L A 1. Co 55.. — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd 55.. 100 —
L A & P R 53.U>2Vi102i t
Market-st 65...125V+ —
Do Ist M os.. — U6\
NCN G R 75.108 —
N R of Cal 65.113 Vi —
N R of Cal 55.116»»U7Vi
N P C R R 69.104 ft —
NPC R R 05.107 —
N C R R 65. ...109 —
Oak G L&Has.lO^ —
Oak Tran 65...im*113
Oak WCo6s.. — 106 ft
Oceanic S Co.. 105ft105%
Om C Ry 65...12S 130
P & Cl Ry 65. .104 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 65.117 —
Sac L & GR5s. SO —
S F & BJV 55. 11s —
S Ry of Cal 63.114 115 ft
S P RRofA 65.112 —
SP C 65(1905).H2 —
Do (1906) ....113% —
Do (1512) .... — —
SATURDAY. March 31-12 m.
Bid.Ask.
Cent L & P... — 4H
Equit G L Co. Si 4
Mutual El Co. 11^ 13
OG L & H... 44 47
Pac Gas Imp.. 52 63
Pac L Co — 45
S F G & E.... 51ft 62
San Francisco.. 4ft t%
Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Insurance —
Firem's Fund.2C3 —
Bank Stocks —
Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 66ft
Bank of Ca1.. 410 —
Cal S D & T.. lolft —
First National — 230
Lon P &. A.. ..132 —
Merchants' Ex 15ft —
Savings Banks —
Ger S & L..1310 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 45 —
S F Eav U.. 513 —
Say & L So. 74 73
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroad*—
California ....120 123
Geary-st 60 —
Market-st Ry. 62? i 63ft
O 3 L & H... — 50
Presidio 15% —
Powder Stock* —
California 150 163
Giant Con Co.. S6"» —
Vigorit 3 3ft
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co.. 9ft 9%
Haw C & S Co 87* i 90
Honokaa S Co. 32U —
Hutch S P Co. 26 1 * 26ft
Do Ist cc ss. — —
S P Br 6s 12Sft —
S V Water 65.114 114 ft
Do 4s 104 —
S V W 4s(3dm)lo2ftlo3
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 103
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 63% 66H
Marin County. — —
Spring Valley. 95ft —
Gas i Electric —
Cent G L Co.. — —
Kllauea S Co.. 21ft —
MaKaweil SCo 4S 1 4 —
Onomea S Co.. 27ft —
Paauhau S Co. 29** —
Miscellaneous—
Al Pack Assn. 113 ft —
Cal Fruit Asn.lolftlP2U
Oceanic S Co.. 93% 95
Pac A F A.... 2 —
Pac C Bor Co.IEO —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water 68 60
23 Giant Powder Con, s 60 ?« 73
35 Giant Powder Con S7 00
75 Giant Powder Con, s 60 S7 Ot
23 Giant Powder Con .- *6 87ft
860 Honokaa S Co ./. 32 23
6 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 ,o
5 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 62ft
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 112 75
50 Paauhau S P Co ~ 29 73
10 Pacific Coast Borax 130 00
$4000 S P Branch Ry 6s 12$ 62ft
63 Spring- Valley Water 96 50
Street—
10 Hana Plantation Co 9 73
$10,000 Spring Valley 6s 114 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Anaconda X
200 Barker Ranch 1 lo
100 Caribou (B 30) —.. 80
100 San Joaquin 1 05
Street— |
600 Yukon * *>
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Morning Session.
300 Alpha Con 04
100 Andes 12
300 Belcher 3J
3GO Caledonia 1 00
50 Caledonia 97
10 Con Cal & Va..l 60
100 Ophir 83
100 Ophir 81
SOO Overman 23
60 Standard 3 1)
100 Union Con 19
6C4 Yellow Jacket.. 15
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Andes 14
200 Belcher "3
800 Belcher J4
100 Caledonia ....1 02ft
150 Con Cal & V.I 62ft
100 Confidence 61
SCO Crown Point... 21
800 Justice OS
600 Kentuck 01
SOO Mexican 25
600 Occidental 14
600 Ophlr 84
200 Overman 21
200 Overman • 22
300 Overman 24
500 Overman 23
ZOO Overman 26
200 Sierra Nevada. 19
700 SMver Hill 13
700 Silver Hill 15
300 Yellow Jacket. 18
500 Yellow Jacket, li
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 31—13 m
Bld.Ask.
AlphA 04 05
Alta C 6 03
Andes 15 13
Belcher 33 34
Best & Belcher 35 36
Bullion 03 04
Caledonia 1 10 1 15
Chollar 18 19
Challenge Con. 24 2S
Confidence- SO 82
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 «5
Con Imperial ..01 02
Con New York 03 —
Crown Point... 21 22
Exchequer — 02 03
Gould & Curry 21 22
Hale & Norc... 25 27
Julia 02 03
Justice 07 OS
Bid. Ask.
Kentnck 01 02
jLady Wash 03 —
'Mexican 25 2S
iOccident&l 12 14
;Ophlr 84 85
i Overman 24 2">
iPotosl IS 10
Ravage IS IS
Scorpion — 03
Seg Belcher M 05
! Sierra Nevada. 53 57
jSllver Hill IS It
[St Louis — 12
Standard 3OS —
Syndicate 10 12
; Union Con 13 19
jtrtah 09 10
Yellow Jacket. 15 1*
NEW YORK. March 31.— The Financier says:
The New York banks made an unexpectedly
good showinsr for the week ending March 31,
surplus reserves having risen $1,018,850, or to
$9,536\150. The gain was entirely In the form
of cash, as both loans and deposits' expanded
for the first time In a number of weeks. The
increase in loans amounted to $3.280,900^ — a very
moderate advance when the activity of the
Etock market is taken into consideration. This
increase, coupled with the addition of $5,943,900
to the banks' receipts of cash, account for the
rise of $7,700,200 in deposits, and as the latter
in turn called for an additional reserve of al
most $2,00O,<») the excess reserve does not show
as heavy an advance as would have been the
cose otherwise. The statement is much more
favorable than had been anticipated, but it is
rather difficult to trace the origin of the heavy
receipts ot cash. It is known that the banks
received something like $1,500,000 from the treas
ury, but the interior receipts were not so heavy.
Onu million In gold came from Cuba during
the week, but this does not figure to the full
extent In the statement. One feature of the
statement that Is worthy of attention is the
gain of $875,900 In national bank net circula
tion, the total Issues of notes standing at pres
ent at $20,136,600. This does not represent the
total applications already made, and it is an
ticipated that Increases will be noted regu
larly hereafter. While this of itself does not
imply lower rates for money the only deduction
possible is that quotations will remain easy
for a considerable period. A factor not to be
Ignored is the advance in foreign exchange rates
over the past week or two. Various explana
tions have been advanced for this, but the fact
remains that easisr money here will make xor
a continuance of a higher exchange level.
The banks ought to continue to gain from the
treasury as an incident to the refunding opera
tions, and even though Europe may continue to
purchase American securities the experiment of
"adding an unknown number of millions to the
current money of the country is apt to lead
to some very curious complications In exchange
markets. Normally the only outlet for too
much money Is export or a wild inflation ot
speculative values here. Neither may occur,
but If too much bank money la Issued either is
possible. .
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 81.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The boat race Interfered with the markets
here to-day, but the tone was firm. Americans
are rising quietly. Atchison preferred and
Wabaeh bonds were most in demand. Paris Is
still buying Tlntos at 58%. The Bank of Eng
land bought £23,000 in gold bars. There was
a big turn over In the money market on ac
count of the end of the quarter, but ample
preparations had been made. The Bank of
England did a small business and half the
amount was renewed. Paris cheques, 25.20.
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific, 100: Union Pacific pre
ferred, 79ft; Northern Pacific preferred, 79ft;
Atchison, 30ft; Grand Trunk. Bft; Anaconda,
10ft. Bar silver, steady, 27ft d per ounce.
Condition of Treasury.
WASHINGTON, March W.-TO-day's state
ment of the treasury balances, exclusive of
the $150,000,000 gold reserve, shows: Available
cash balance, $166,475,948: gold. $98,663,987.
New York Grain and Produce.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March C
Stmr Rival. Johnson, *7 hours from Coos
B *tinr State of California. Gage, 53ft hours
from Portland, via Astoria 4.-.ft hours
Stmr City of Sydney. Plllsbury. 21 days 13
hours from Panama, etc.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gilboy. 85 hours frcaa Ta-
China, Friele, 23 days from Hong
kon. via Yokohama 17 days, via Honolulu 5 days
Bktn Willie R Hume. Holmquist. 13 days
from Tacoma. via Port Hadlock 10 days.
CLEARED.
Saturday.' March XI.
Stmr Bertha, Johansen, Seattle; Alaska. Com
mercial Com; any.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea. San Pedro; uoodall.
Perkins & Co. ~—l''\ ~ ? ,
Stmr North Fork. Eash, Eureka; Chas Net-
Stmr Queen. Jepsen. Victoria, etc; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. " ' _
K!ap stmr Hongkong Maru. Fllnier. Hongkong.
' Whaling st^mr^Karluk, McGregor, whaling;
Roth, Blum & Co.
Bktn Monitor. Forrest, Tacoir.a; J. A. John-
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti: J Pinet
Schr Stanley. Schrralz, codfishtnsr: McCollura
Fishing and Trading Company.
SAILED.
Saturday, March XL
Stmr Aloha. Jorzenson, Eureka.
Ptmr Arcata. Reed. Cocs Bay.
Ptmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoelno.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. — — .
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Albion.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Chemalnus.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Fllmer. Hongkong,
Whaling stmr Karluk. McGreror, whaling.
Ship Geo Skolfield. Swanton. Chtgnil Bay.
P.ark Levl G Burjress. Youngren. Tacoma.
Bris Tanner. Brannan. Puget Sound.
Schr Impossible. Lnw, Point Reyes.
SPOKEN
March 20. lat 34 N. ion 36 30 W— Br ship Port
Patrick, hence Nov 10, for Queenstown.
March 21 lat 46 N. lon 33 W — Ger bark J C
Glade, hence Oct M, for Qtieenstown.
March 23. lat 43 N. lon 23 W— Fr bark Inver
cauld hence Nov 15. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Captain Friele of the stmr China report*
that it is rumored in Honolulu that the stmr
Cleveland has broken her shaft and Is drifting
around between tbe islands.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March St. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March Jl— Schr
Coron. from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived March $I— Btmr Signal,
hence March 25.
Charters.
Th* HiTutrt: Is rechartered for wheat to
Eurerpe.
Treasure Shipment.
The Hongkong Mara tock oat a treasure list
cf »4C660, ocnsistlns; of J~4,STS in Mexican dol
lars. $1726 in gold coin. IM.MO In sliver bullion
and $1000 In nickels and ::::-.<w.
Coinage cf the MtnL
Th« March eo'.r.a^e cf the local Mint was
• s foUowisi Docb:» «a*lo«. M.240.0W; standard
dollars. Ifjyj.rc: heif-dcllare, 132.000; Quarter
doUars. t2i.CS ST. totAl. 12. 796. 678 25.
Bank Clearings.
Le~tl bask clearings last week were $17.
171.45<, SLgair-st t15.044.*54 for the eair.e week
In U99. I'cr the month of March they were
IEI.KS.CJ-C egaintt $79,823,611 for March. 1533.
For the flrst three months cf the year they
were tr^,oiT.2Cs, against 1210,3^,119 laet year.
Imports of Groceries.
Tirpcrts cf groceries at this port during the
flr*t two mnnths of the year were as follows,
ecrr.pared with the same period last year:
gugar. r7.JT3.000 pounds, valued at 11,054.800,
ajra-inft 51.255.700 pounds, at SLSG4,SOO; coffee.
f-.:.56.000 pounds at $€25,500. against 4.374.760
poaads at $<i'S.BDO; rice, E. 16&.440 pounds at
••. against 15.605.000 pounds at $09,600:
t-a.- ZOf.im pounds at $34,670. against 831.000
jounds at $108,800.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial says: "Prunes
were the mo*t Interesting variety in the list,
•r3 there were sales apgre^ating several cars,
though a IC»X>-cas* lot was the largest known
to- have changed hinds at any one time.
Prices were firmer afterward and have not
yet receded to their original position. The
quantity ht-ld here is said to be around eighty
cars, fully one hundred less than at this time
last season. There are only comparatively
*:r.a!l lots in first han^s in California, which
has a tendency to crt-ate a stronger market.
The full effect of it will not be fell until
s-.me one buys out a few small holders, who
are compelled to turn thrlr goods into money
•rbea needed and consequently prices are some
what unsettled.
"Peaches have become firmer through the
»«^k, though no holder h«s yet advanced his
quotations. There is less disposition to get
rid "f holdings, regardless of consequirfices,
and there is more evidence of a belief that
the. market will improve shortly. Cheap stocks
are in drmand, bat difficult to obtain, and
the supply of desirable goods is not large,
h»-nce the basis of the confidence which is
thown by all.
"Apricots wll in a small way from second
hands, but Inasmuch as second hands are ln
differrnt sellers and buyers are unwilling to
pay the price asked business continues small."
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 31—4 p. m.
The following are tfce seasonal rainfalls to
iate, as compared with those of same date
'aft season, and rainfall la last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Laet
Stations— 24 Hours. Se&Kon. Season.
Eureka 0.00 44.07 31.33
Ked Bluff 0.00 IS. BI 15. 35
Sacramento 0.09 15. Cl 13.91
:-an Francisco 0.00 17. (2 15.38
Kresno 0.00 7. 0S 6.76
Independence 0.00 2.7S 1.16
.^an Luis Obispo 0.00 14.78 14.77
Lis Angeles 0.00 5.55 4.79
LMegs O.M 3.16 4.tS
Yuxna 0.00 0.77 1.34,
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C 2; minimum. 49; mean, 65.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Th* ptw»ur« has fallen steadily over the
north»--ftem portion of the country, and con
ditions sre sucft that a storm approaching
from Urn North Pacific will probably cause
rain over -he entire coaet. No rain is reported
to-night »t-ct of the Rocky Mountains, except
at Port Armeies. Dense fog prevails along the
coast from Baa Francisco to Cape Mendoclnj.
Unusually ¦..¦arni weather prevails in the in
terior. In th* great valleys or California the
temperatures sire from 12 to 20 degrees above
the normal.
Forecast maie at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending nv.ar.iebt April 1:
Northern <"aJif>..r'-.'.a— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Sunday. w:th showers In central and north
ern portion: cooler in the interior; dense fog
en the coast; fr»-*h eoutherly winds.
Southern Calif om'.a— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Sunday, pokv'.bly :.^ht showers on the coast
by Sunday night; Ugi t southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sun lay.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
Arleona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco bnd :'.c[n:ir— Cl->udy, unset
tled weather Sunday, probably light showers;
dense fog In the nnn:«; fresh southerly
wlads. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
THE STOCK MARKET
Bun rises 3:58
Sun sets , 6:33
Moon sets »:C8 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld«
and the last or risrht hand r '-:mn gives the
last tide of the day. except v: i there ar« but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth Kiven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lowpr low waters.
Sum, Moon, and Tide.
American Cotton Oil prefd Mft
• American Malting 4ft
100 American Malting prefd 22
250 American Smelting & Ref 42
110 American Smelting & Ref prefd 90
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
2,700 American Steel Hoop 36%
250 American Steel Hoop prefd 80%
28,5.3 American Steel & Wire 68%
660 American Steel & Wire prsfd 90
700 American Tin Plate 38%
••;••- American Tin Plate prefd. 82%
8,800 American Tobacco 106%
American Tobacco prefd 130
1.820 Anaconda Mining Co 51ft
"•"5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72%
2:000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 60%
1,400 Continental Tobacco.... 82%
•• Continental Tobacco prefd 84
23.700 Federal Steel 66%
1,060 Federal Steel prefd 75%
100 General Electrio 129
100 Glucose Sugar 63%
Glucose Sugar prefd 9ift
International Paper 21ft
International Paper prefd 66
Laclede Gas 75
'. National Biscuit ". 35
National Biscuit prefd $9
100 National Lead 24
100 National Lead prefd 104 ft
4.T00 National Steel 45%
National Steel prefd 94
New York Air Brake ISO
North American 15%
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
400 Pacific Mall 87ft
27,660 People's Gas 108 ft
110 Pressed Steel -"ar 62
Pressed Steel Car prefd 82
Pullman Palace Car 184
Standard Rope & Twine 7
91^810 Sugar 107%
Sugar prefd ie«
1.900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 97%
620 United States Leather 13ft
650 United States Leather prefd 73%
360 United States Rubber 31%
United States Rubber prefd 96
296 Western Union 83ft
1,610 Republic Iron & Steel 23ft
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd. 65
~ P C C t St Louis 66
695 Third Avenue 104 ft
4C8.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refund 104 ft
U S 2s reg 100 ft
V S 3s reg 110 ft
U 8 3s coup 110 ft
U S new 4s reg 134
U S new 4s coup.. 134
U S old 4s reg 115%
U S old 4s coup 116^4
O S 5s reg 114 ft
U S 5s coup 114 ft
Dls of Col 3.655.... 119
Atchison gen 45...102* i
Do adj 4s 54%
Canada Sou 2d5....106
Ches & Ohio 4fts.. 9S»i
Do 6s 119 ft
C & X Con 7b 142
Do S F Deb E5..121%
Chicago Term 45.. 96
D & R G lsts 103 ft
Do 4s 99%
E T V.fc O 1Eta..1C2%
Erie Gen 4s 74
F W St D C lsts.. 71
General Elec 6s 116 ft
G H & S A 6s 110
Do 2ds 106 ft
H & T Cent 5s 110
Do Con 6s 110
lowa Central lsts. ll4
X C P & G lsts... 74%
La new con 4s 107
L & N Uni 4s 99%
Southern Pac 45.. 84%
N V Central lsts.. lloft
M X & T 2ds 69%
Do 4s 83%
N V Cent gen Bs.. 124%
North Carolina 6s. 127 ft
Do 4s 106
Northern Pao 35.. 6Sft
Do 4s 105%
N V O & St L 4s..lOSft
N & W Con 4s 99
Do gen 6s 132
Or Nay lsts 110
Do 4s 104 H.
Or Short Line 65.. 123
Do Con 5s 113 ft
Reading Gen 45... SSft
R G W lsts 99ft
St L & I M Con 65.113' i
S L & S F Gen 65. 122%
St Paul Con 170
et p c & p ists..iwft
Do 5s 121 ft
Southern Ry 55.... 112'^
Stand R & T 6e... 73
Term new set 35... 95
Tex & Pac 15t5. ...114
Do 2ds 66
Union Pac 4s 106 ft
Wabash lsts 117 ft
Do 2ds 100%
West Phore is ,114 ft
Wis Cent lsts 93
Va Cenrurles S9ft
Do Deferred 9ft
Colo & Sou 4s 84%
MINING STOCKS
Chollar 13 Ontario 8 25
Crown Point 18 Ophlr 7J
Con Cal &. Va 1 50 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 18 Do prefd 800
HaJe & Norcross... 22 Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 l'J
Iron Silver '.. 65 Union Con IS
Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
Call loans 4'JJ4ft
rime loans 4®3
Stocks—
Atch Tod & S F.. 29%
Do prefd 73ft
Amer Sugar 107%
Do prefd 109
Bell Tel 310
Boeton & Albany. 2ls
Boston & Maine.. l 94
Chi Bur & Q 131%
Dominion Coal 60ft
Do prefd 115
Federal Steel 56ft
Do prefd 75%
Fltchburg prefd... 132
General Elec 129
Do prefd 139
Ed Elec 111 205
Mexican Central... 137 B
N E Gas & Coke.. 20
Old Colony 206
Did Dominion 20%
Rubber 32
Union Pacific 58ft
Union Land 2ft
West End 92ft
Wis Central 20ft
Bonds—
Atchison 4s 100%
N* E Gas & Coke.. 71
Mining Shares —
Adventure 4ft
Allouez Mn« Co 2%
Amal Copper 96%
Atlantic 24Vi
Boston & Mont 322
Butte & Boston SI
Calumet & Hecla..74S
Centennial 24ft
Franklin 16ft
r»sceola 73' i
Parrot El l .-;
Quincy 133
Santa Fe Copper.. 6ft
famarack 194
Utah Mining 35%
Winona 4ft
Wolverines 41ft
iHE CALL CALENDAR
Anrll. 1900.
compound and SffSftc for pure: h,i lf- barrels,
pure. B%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. B®Sftc per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9%c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and- Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Stem,
10c: medium. 9ftc; light, 9c; Cowhides. 9o;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. s£9ftc; Calf, 3U W ioc;
Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and brand*, lie:
Dry Kip and Veal. 16c: Dry Calf, Uc: Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15fr30c each; short Wool. :'."> .;
60c each; medium, 70^90c; long Wool. $181 23
each; Horse Hides, $2 25@2 75 for large and 73c
6sl 75 for small; Colts, 23<@5Gc. Deer Skins —
fcummer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium blclna,
35c; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat Skins—
Prime Ansoras, 75c; large and smooth. We;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, Bffaftc per lb; No.
2. 4g4ftc; refined. 6Vic; grease. 2ft33c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, HQli>c: Northern defective, i:«£
16c; Middle County free, 15617 c; Middle
County defective, 13915 c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12@14c; do free, 7 months'. 12®15e;
do defective. 7 months', 10$12 c; Humboldt and
Mendoelno. 20®23c; Nevada. 16@lSc per lb.
HOPS— «ftSWc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers have advanced their kids fir Hess
to 5%c for. this week's delivery. Receipts are
small and the market Is very firm.
BEEF— «%fc7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— eeac per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®Sc; ewes, 737% c per
lb.
LAMB— Sprinr. 9®loc per lb.
ICRK— Live Hogs, 5T4? for small and medium
and bft@s%o for large; stoctc Hogs and feed
ers, 5%65%c; dressed Hogs, 7Q3*?.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%tJSftc; Wool Bags. 2Sft<ff32ftc;
Fleece Twine. 7Vic.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60: Seattle,
$8 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $5: WaHsend, $3;
Co-operative WaHsend, $8; Cumberland, $12 In
bulk and $13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per
ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in ICO-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crashed and Fine Crushed. B.W; Powdered.
8.80 c; Candy Granulated. 5.20 c: Dry Granulated.
6.10 c: Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A. 4.70 c;
Extra C, 4.60 c; Oolden C. 4.50 c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. SOc more;
fO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoa,
half-barrels, C.sSc; boxes, 6.lCc per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks.... 7,510
Wheat, ctls 51.951
Barley, ctls S.OSO
Oats, ctls 220
Corn, ctls 1.000
Butter, ctls 537
Cheese, ctls 68
Tallow, ctls .... SO
Beans, gks 1.307
Potatoes, sks ... 1.403
Onions, sks 321
Bran, sks 650
FOR SATURDAY, MARCH SI.
Hay, tons » »5
Straw, tons 4
Wool, bags ...... 275
Pelts, bndls 105
Hides. No 841
Wine, gals 91.900
Eggs, COZ 25,920
Sugar, bbls 217
Quicksilver, flsks 2uo
Leather. roUs..'.. 117
Lime, bbls 135
Powder, car 1
OREGON
Flour, qr sks.... 7,094
Oats, ctls 390
Potatoes, sks .. 4,224 i
Onions, sks ..... 91
Feed, sks S.SSS
AUCTION, TUESDAY, APRIL 3.
&* 5^ £?>
At 11 o'clock at Ormonde Stable, 1.">15 Mission
street, between Eleventh and Twelfth, of 1 Car
of Choice Harses. suitable for all purposes: also
1 Top RoaJ liusey. Gentle Mare and Harneiss.
All Horses Guaranteed as Represented.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
N. B.— lf you want the handsomest pony la
California It will be sold at this sale. Gentle
for children.
AUCTION SALE.
Fes .fes fe
AT 16C3 MARKET .STREET.
To-Jionnow.
MONDAY April :. at 11 a. m..
I wll! get] ICO head of First-class Work and
Drlvlns Horses. Sale positive.
THUS. MADIGAN.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL
Associated Banks' Statement.
New York Stock Market.
ifBW YORK, March Sl.— Wall Kre«t was
treated to an agreeable surprise to-day in an !
unexpectedly fa\-orabie barJc «t&t«-mertt. The
moet sexgulne preliminary estimate of the gain
in each by the banks for the week on interior
currency movement and the subtre*«ury opera
tions Hi not exc«*d $2,500,000. The actual re
turn shows a gain of nearly J5. 000,000. The ex
planation of this large Increase in cash is cot
ea«-;:y perceptible. It n.ay be due to the fact
that the ehipmenui ot currency to the interior
by the banks have included a large proportion
cf their new note issues, uhlle the receipts have
b*en ir.a£« up of le«al tender*. The process of
sorting thus involved would wield a larger re
turn to the banks of cash available for reserve
than would b*> Indicated In the bare figures of
excess of receipts over shipments on the In
terior movement. It would be by some such
process that the new bank notes will displace
the legal tenders In actual circulation and thus
make them available for remerve purposes of the
It-'. Another passible txplanation of the ln
cr*a*e la ca*h is that loans have been paid oft
in cash. The loan item shows that the new
<*.«racd en the banks for stock market opera
tions and for April Ist settlements has more
than offset the liquidation of loans for holding
Government bonds designed to use as security
lor note issues. The result Is a lo«ua expansion
Had it not t*en for the nnexp*>ct<s<Jiy larg«
gain In cash, the lncr©a«« in reserve require
ments thus involved would have made an ln
ro&d upon the surplus. It was some fear cf this
showing that caused yesterday's hesitation and
uneasiness in the etock market. The same feel
ir.g wae perceptible to some extent in the early
trading to-day, but it gave way to the renewed
buying demand, especially for the Iron and
Bteel FtooJcs. and after the publication of the
bank staU-ment the strvngth became general
cm 4 The market closed active and strong at sub
etsLT.tial net gains a!! through the list The
bt-trs m f-urar were relieved from their panic
of yesterday by the assertions of officials of tht
company that th* Sugar war was still on. But
professional traders handled new short con
tracts !n Sugar in a jringerly manner. The
etocfc dipped four points at the opening, but
did not ret within more than a point of as low
as that .i-u!n and rose at one time a fraction
above yesterday's high level. Th» stock was
very fe-verlsh and erratic ail day. People's Gas
wai 1 strong on reports of the absorption of the
Ogflen company and failed to yield on denials
of that report. There has befu en active <3e
znasd for securities during the whole week.
which b&s embraced, pretty much the whole of
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 5 10ft 5 9%
Closing 6 10ft 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 20 45 20 95
Closing 20 45 20 90
Flour-
Opening 26 70 27 85
Closing 26 60 27 80
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, March SL— CATTLE— Receipts,
200; market nominally steady. Natives — Good
to prime steers, $4 90@5 75; poor to medium, $4
#4 63; selected feeders, $4#4 75; mixed stockers,
$3 40@3 90; cowe, $3@4 25; heifers, $3 20® 1 75;
canneru, $2ig-3; bulls. $3 60<§»4 50; calves, {3 75®
5 25. Receipts of Texans this week were 3500,
last week. 4000. Texas fed steers, $3 90©5;
Texas bulls, $3 2003 60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19.000; Monday (esti
mated), 30,000; left, 45C0. Mixed and butchers',
$5 15i55 40; good to choice heavy $3 So@s 45;
rough heavy. $5 15igo 25; light. $5 10@5 37ft; bulk
of tales. $5 30®* 37ft.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers $3 85@6 25; fair
to choice mixed, $4 85<@"6 90: Western sheep,
$5 75(36 25; yearlings, $B@6 75; native lambs,
$6 20@7 30; Western lambs, $B@7 15.
Receipts this week— Cattle, 49.000; Hogs, 137,
000; Sheep. 59.300. Receipts laet week— Cattle,
45,000; Hogs, 141,000; Sheep. 57,000.
Imports and Exports at New York.
NEW YORK. March 31.— The imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued at $10,879,127.
The exports of gold and silver from this
port to all countries for this week aggregate
$786,938 in silver bars and coin and $25,782 gold.
The Imports of specie this week were $5979
gold and $9617 silver.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, March ft— The brokers' price
for lead was $4 45 and for copper $17 25.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 31.— Consols. 101%; silver,
27ftd; French rentes, lOlf 20c; wheat cargoes on
passage, buyers indifferent operators; English
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, March Sl.— Wheat, firm; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. l Northern spring: and
No. 2 red Western winter, stocks exhausted.
Futures, steady; May, 5a lOftd; July, 5s 9%d;
September, nominal.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new. 4s
Id: do old, 4s l%d. Futures, strong; May, 4s
lftd; July,. 4« Hd.
London Wool Supply.
LONDON, March 31.— The arrivals for th«
third series of wool auction sales amount to
102,213 bales, including 8700 bales forwarded
direct.',;.:- ¦;:;- .'.;'¦ -;¦:.-:
Portland's Business.
* PORTLAND, March 31.— Exchanges, $229, W0;
balances, $68,846.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLANT>, March 31.— Wheat steady;
Walla Walla, 64c; valley, 63<ff54c Cleared—
Ship Poserdon, for Queenstown, with . 95,512
bushels wheat. The total wheat shipments
from Portland for March were 846,595 bushels,
and 118,500 barrels of flour. Shipments from
Puget Sound ports were 862,982 bushels of
wheat and 158,916 barrels of flour. This is the
largest month's flour shipment on record from
Puget Sound. The total shipments for the
first nine months of the cereal year from j
Portland are 7,256,478 bushels of wheat and j
793,617 barrels of flour,, compared with 9,716,934*
bushels of wheat and 858,249 barrels of flour at
a corresponding date last year. Puget Sound
shipments for the same period have been
2,206,003 bushels of wheat and 655,033 barrels
Steamer Movements.
I the list of railroad stocks. Many stocks. In
which no transaction had been recorded for
months, have been brought forward to a con
spicuous place In the trading and the number
of different stocks traded in haa amounted up
to ISO or 170 on a single day, showing the great
j breadth of the market. The average day's
j business has been close to a million shares, and
j although there has been some congestion of
! business in stocks of the great railroad sys
tems, the activity in the main haa been un
• usually well distributed. The stocks of Indus
trial corporations have not shared In the
j strength of railroads, but have, on the contrary,
reflected pressure to sell until the shorts were
j driven to cover late in the week. Those which
I have shown greatest weakness have been af
¦ fected by special causes, but the tone of the
i Industrials generally showed that they are be
j lleved to be vulnerable to the same causes of
I weakness as those directly affected. The large
1 and general buying of railroad securities can
I only be explained as due to confidence in the
soundness of values at th# present level of
prices. The level of intrinsic values in securi-
I ties naturally varies with the prevailing Inter-
I est rate, active business and opportunities for
i profitable use of money, these tending to bring
. securities to market to realize funds for use In
! the money market. The effects now In evidence
1 of the operation of the new bank currency and
Government bond refunding law give assurance
that Use needs of the very active trade all over
the country for a circulation medium will be
Money reserves of banks are thus guarded
atralnst encroachment and security holders feel
Insured against a rise in interest rates, which
would depreciate the value of returns on their
holdings. Added to this is the assurance that
the present rate of earningß of railroads must
maintain an Increased distribution of profits to
stockholders and additions to the value of
equities of railroad stocks.
While the present large volume of earnings of
railroads is due to the large general traffic
which is transported, the conservative course of
railroad management in accumulating surpluses
and in making liberal outlays frr permanent
improvements out of the present large profits
gives a feeling of confidence to stockholders in
the continuity of the return on their holdings.
The tendency of the railroad managements In
the last few years to make heavy outlays for
permanent works on the roadways is bearing
fruit in the reduced requirements of renewals
of structures and work of like nature still In
progress and promise of still further relief in
the future. Constant Improvements In motive
power and in equipment are also having their
effect in the increase in train load and increase
in the ton mile cost of transportation. The sub
stantial value thus added to railroads, the high
credit attained, making, possible the refunding
or renewal of mortgages at Increased Interest
charges, the extension of. control or influence
; over competing lines and the prosperous busl- j
, ness conditions in the country — these form a I
! solid basis for the improvements in prices of I
• the railroad ptocks and bonds. The demand has I
j cv>me alike from ("peculators for a rise, from I
I investors and from foreign buyers. The foreign j
i demand hap been a prominent feature of the j
' week and has aroused much discussion as to
i whether it represents renewed fixture of for
: el?n capital in American securities. The con
, victlon has grown up that this buying is large- ]
ly speculative with a view to Belling out on a
rise. The upward movement of sterling ex- I
change in favor of London buying of securities, j
which has amounted to 1 cent in the pound i
during the week, disclosed that remittances
were not being made for the foreign buying. I
but holdings were being carried by loans secured '
in New York. Much diversity of statement and I
opinion has been elicited from foretgn broker
age housee as to the actual shipments of securl- I
tlt-s which are being made to London. But they
j seem agreed that they are by no means as large j
j as recent purchases of stocks attributed to Lon- j
| don account. In London there is some dl!>
poMtlon to attribute the demand for and
i Ptrenrth of American securities to the account
j of American operators, who use the London
; market in perference to New York for reason* '
j b*>Bt known to themselves. In the Industrial Met I
I the Immediate causes of weakness have be»n '
I the gloomy forebodings emitted by the presl-
I der.t of the American Sugar Refining Company
! of the prospective reduction In dividends neces
] sitated by destructive trade competition and the
. heavy valuations for taxation placed upon N>w
York public franchisee. Thit ao well Intrenched
and so long successful an industrial combina
tion of the sugar company should officially ad
mit that comoetltion had deprived Its busi
ness of any profit pave a check to the confidence
of holders of stocks in other industrial com- 1
binatlons in the power of such combination to |
prevent or defeat new and destructive com- !
petition. The squeeze of the shorts in sugar
did not dissipate this sentiment. |
The buyirur of railroad bonds ran up to very j
large proportions during, the week. The mar- I
kf-t was very broad, but the largest demand
was for low-priced bonds, whose security Is !
Increased by an added surplus of earnings, or
on which the return is contingent upon in
creased earnings.
United States old **¦ declined *i. the 2's re
funding when Issued and the s's ft and the new
4's U in the bid price. The 3"s advanced ft.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold Stock— Bid.
20.550 Atchison 29%
I 14. 26) Atchison prefd 73% |
1 6.542 Baltimore & Ohio .82
Canadian Pacific 57
100 Canada Southern 54
6.100 Chesapeake & Ohio ? 32% |
6.5.00 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 131* i
200 Chicago Great Western 14% j
900 Chicago Ind 4; Louisville 25% j
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd sSft
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 104
Chicago & Northwestern 164
J.2T5 Chicago Rock Island & Paolflo 113 ft
4,300 C C C & St Louis 65%
1.41 a Colorado Southern 7
247 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45ft
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19
Delaware & Hudson 117
Delaware Lackawanna & Western... lBl
700 Denver & Kio Grande 22%
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74* i I
600 Erie 14ft I
1.470 Erie lit prefd : 42>i
430 Great Northern prefd leo l *
300 Hocking Coal J 19%
COO Hocking Valley 36ft
SOO Illinois Central 116
2,020 lowa Central 1»
1.040 lowa Central prefd 57ft
Kaneaa City Plttsburg & Gulf 19ft
Lake Erie & Western 2$
Lake Erie & Western prefd 87
Lake Shore 200
1.G30 Louisville & Nashville S«%
7.130 Manhattan Elevated 66%
2,644 Metropolitan Street Railway 1644
900 Mexican Central 13%
l.(C0 Minneapolis & St Louis 67%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd S6
4,900 Missouri Pacific SO
550 Mobile & Ohio 4S
!f>o Missouri Kansas & Text* 12
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 35',{
100 ¦ New Jersey Central lIS
2.000 New York Central 137%
3.510 Norfolk &. Western 86%
Norfolk & Western prefd „ 76%
3.500 Northern Pacific 61ft
470 Northern Pacific prefd 77%
4,540 Ontario & Western '. 26
Oregon Railway & Nay 4]
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
13,400 Pennsylvania 13914
1.000 Reading 19%
1,600 Heading Ist prefd 63%
LOOO Reading 2d prefd S3*-4
Rio Grande Western (3ft
Rio Grande Western prefd 90%
1,100 St Louis & San Fran lift
.... St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 72
" 1,700 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 88%
200 St Louis Southwestern 12
2.300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32%
6J063 St Paul 114%
St Paul prefd 172%
....... St Paul & Omaha 10S
14 05J Southern Pacific 41%
4 900 Southern Railway 15ft
I*6oo Southern Railway prefd 60%
200 Texas & Pacific 17%
25 965 Union Pacific 68ft
IC2» Union Pacific prefd 77%
...'.... Wab&eh 7%
2,000 Wabash prefd 22%
2.E50 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
6MS Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 32ft
3.95J Wisconsin Central 20ft
Express 1 Companies —
Adams H«
American 14»
United States 4S
Welli Fargo -. 125
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton 0i1.................. 38*
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat and other grains quiet and unchanged.
Bran firm and Hay weak.
Beans strong and Seeds nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter continues to decline. Cheese and Eggs steady.
Poultry in moderate stock.
Fresh arrivals of Mexican Limes.
Dried Fruit dull and unchanged.
Provisions very firm at the advance.
Hogs advanced again under light receipts.
Shipment of $461,550 to China.
Light trading in local securities.
Bank clearings slightly ahead of those last year.
AUCTION SALES
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc orr.ee. U. 3. N.. Ver
chasts' Exchange, San Francisco, Cai.,
March SI. 13C<>.
The time call on the tewer of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-<ia.r—
1. «., at noon of the VBSOk meridian, cr at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. C. 9. N.. in charge.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hizh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (lllssicn-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. APRIL 1.
31
Weather Report.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS
of flour, compared with 5,862,263 bushels of
wheat and 477,253 barrels of flour for the same
period last season. The total wheat shipments
for the . Northwest (flour included) for the sea
eon to date are 16,115,929 bushels, compared
with 21,588,965 bushels for the same period
last season and '24,409,974 bushels two years
a so.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 31.— WHEAT— Nothing do-
Ing and quotations nominally unchanged. Blue
Stem, 52ftc; Club, 50ftc.
TO ARRIVE.
3i e-.
Time
s
i. :ni«
L W
Ft.
Ft.
w;
Ft.
i
n w
Ft.
1
.) 6:21
H \V
.2'
w
4.9
9 ! «
jiTw
>
s
4
. »:3i
. 1:H
. 2:01
i
nl
5.
5.
5.
7:
•:
?:
:U':-
:V>-
: <v,
4.«!
4.4!
1 5;4?i
! 5i
:«l
v
• •-"
.^ i
1 il-?tl
I *i
4.4
3.1
1
iw.
Steamer.
Dv«.
;
i
Corona
Del Norte
Wellington .-•¦
Warfleld
Grace Dollar...
.Sar
.!Or«
.'Oys
. Oj-j
.'Grs
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
;Apr.-
Upr.
1
1
1
1
1
Walla Walla...
Crescent City..
iApr.
Apr.
Pomona.
Mackinaw
li.nlta
Luaruna
Geo. W. Elder.
.Sar
.'Sea
! Till
•.[Poi
n
at:
•w
:ia
rtl
ilego
ie
ort
nrx>k
md
Apr.
lApr.
Apr.
lApr.
iApr.
X
3
S
i
i
South Portland
Aberdeen
Willamette
Point Arena —
Arcata
Columbia
3 Oy!
.iPoi
.;Sea
.IPol
.|Cw
.jPoi
rtl
ati
In'
M
rtl
r Harbor
xr.d
le
Arena
Day
»n.l
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
%
3
4
E
5
3
r
Santa Rosa. —
.;San
)iei?o ,
Apr.
Coqullle River.
Aloha
(Apr.
'Apr.
5
5
! 1 no
Samoa
;Apr.
s
Xorth Fork
Moana
>oldt
y
and Jnnan
[Apr.
Apr.'
Anr
6
3
T
Apr.
City of Para....
Orizaba
fmatllla
Ktat<» of Cal
aa
r: 1
r.a ,
ort
¦la & Pu«ret So
irni
lApr.
lApr.
'Apr.
'Apr. :
7
1
T
19
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Samoa jHumboldt
Orizaba ....|Newpcrt
North ForkHumbrldt
.JApr.
Apr.
.'Apr.
. 1. Dam
. 1. 9am
. 1. 9am
n'Pier 13
a Pter n
a' Pier t
Queen !Vlc & P*t Sd.
Newburg ..'Gray* Harbor
State of Cal'Portland
.!Apr.
-;Apr.
?Ai>r.
. 1. r>am
. 2, spm
. 3. 1" am
nlPler 9
a Pier S
n Pier 2*
Corona ifan Diego I
lApr.
. 3. 11 am
n! Pier 11
Ruth iPuget Sound..
Australia ..iHonolulu
Pomona ....jHumboldt
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports.
Bonita I Newport
City PueblaA'lc & Pst Sd.
-)Apr.
.(Apr.
.UApr.
.[Apr.
.Apr.
JApr.
. S. 10 am
. 4, 2pm
. 4. 2 pm
. 4. Bam
. 5, 9am
. 6. l'> am
n Pier >
n'Pier 7
n Pier 9
n Pier 20
a Pler 11
a. Pier 3
Santa Rosa* San Diego
China China&Japon
'Apr.
i Apr.
. 7. 11 am
. 7, Ipm
nlPlerll
a|PMS3
Ciiracaa ...'Mexico
Pt Arena.. l Point Arena..
Arcata ! Coos Bay
• JApr.
,LApr,
• Apr.
. 7. 10 am
. 7. 2pm
. 7.11 m
a Pier 9
nPler 1
a Pier 13
Columbia ..'Portland
. 8. 10 am
n!Pier2l
«-noii«ll» Rt Orayx Harbor
t_vwiU'.i:e Itv urays xiuai^j.
City Sydney Panama
r*n^m War VeTvnnrt
. 9, 12 m
. 9. &am
n!PMS3
n ' Pier 11
Cor.a Bay-.-Nerrport
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Samoa jHumboldt
Orizaba ....|Newpcrt
North ForkHumbrldt
.JApr.
Apr.
.'Apr.
. 1. Dam
. 1. 9am
. 1. 9am
n'Pier 13
a Pter n
a' Pier t
Queen !Vlc & P*t Sd.
Newburg ..'Gray* Harbor
State of Cal'Portland
.!Apr.
-;Apr.
?Ai>r.
. 1. r>am
. 2, spm
. 3. 1" am
nlPler 9
a Pier S
n Pier 2*
Corona ifan Diego I
lApr.
. 3. 11 am
n! Pier 11
Ruth iPuget Sound..
Australia ..iHonolulu
Pomona ....jHumboldt
Del Norte.. 'Oregon Ports.
Bonita I Newport
City PueblaA'lc & Pst Sd.
-)Apr.
.(Apr.
.UApr.
.[Apr.
.Apr.
JApr.
. S. 10 am
. 4, 2pm
. 4. 2 pm
. 4. Bam
. 5, 9am
. 6. l'> am
n Pier >
n'Pier 7
n Pier 9
n Pier 20
a Pler 11
a. Pier 3
Santa Rosa* San Diego
China China&Japon
'Apr.
i Apr.
. 7. 11 am
. 7, Ipm
nlPlerll
a|PMS3
Ciiracaa ...'Mexico
Pt Arena.. l Point Arena..
Arcata ! Coos Bay
• JApr.
,LApr,
• Apr.
. 7. 10 am
. 7. 2pm
. 7.11 m
a Pier 9
nPler 1
a Pier 13
Columbia ..'Portland
. 8. 10 am
n!Pier2l
«-noii«ll» Rt Orayx Harbor
t_vwiU'.i:e Itv urays xiuai^j.
City Sydney Panama
r*n^m War VeTvnnrt
. 9, 12 m
. 9. &am
n!PMS3
n ' Pier 11
Cor.a Bay-.-Nerrport
Steamer.
Dv«.
;
i
Corona
Del Norte
Wellington .-•¦
Warfleld
Grace Dollar...
.Sar
.!Or«
.'Oys
. Oj-j
.'Grs
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
;Apr.-
Upr.
1
1
1
1
1
Walla Walla...
Crescent City..
iApr.
Apr.
Pomona.
Mackinaw
li.nlta
Luaruna
Geo. W. Elder.
.Sar
.'Sea
! Till
•.[Poi
n
at:
•w
:ia
rtl
ilego
ie
ort
nrx>k
md
Apr.
lApr.
Apr.
lApr.
iApr.
X
3
S
i
i
South Portland
Aberdeen
Willamette
Point Arena —
Arcata
Columbia
3 Oy!
.iPoi
.;Sea
.IPol
.|Cw
.jPoi
rtl
ati
In'
M
rtl
r Harbor
xr.d
le
Arena
Day
»n.l
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
%
3
4
E
5
3
r
Santa Rosa. —
.;San
)iei?o ,
Apr.
Coqullle River.
Aloha
(Apr.
'Apr.
5
5
! 1 no
Samoa
;Apr.
s
Xorth Fork
Moana
>oldt
y
and Jnnan
[Apr.
Apr.'
Anr
6
3
T
Apr.
City of Para....
Orizaba
fmatllla
Ktat<» of Cal
aa
r: 1
r.a ,
ort
¦la & Pu«ret So
irni
lApr.
lApr.
'Apr.
'Apr. :
7
1
T
19
3i e-.
Time
s
i. :ni«
L W
Ft.
Ft.
w;
Ft.
i
n w
Ft.
1
.) 6:21
H \V
.2'
w
4.9
9 ! «
jiTw
>
s
4
. »:3i
. 1:H
. 2:01
i
nl
5.
5.
5.
7:
•:
?:
:U':-
:V>-
: <v,
4.«!
4.4!
1 5;4?i
! 5i
:«l
v
• •-"
.^ i
1 il-?tl
I *i
4.4
3.1
1
iw.
21
I Mo
I— ~
>jTu.j\Veh
• -r-i — -
i
r.
9
|S First Qaartei
• I"* April «.
i
*
! ¦ *
*
7 i
j /O, Full Moon.
» !
10 11
13 j
, ij
u :
I A^m l*.
»
la
17 13 I"
L<r Last Quarter.
» !
i 33
» I » I
|
29 ;
! SO
w A^rll M.j " THE CREDIT HO USE" }
I Six Stoats High i
j Golden Oak, Combination Book j
I Case. Glass front, adjustable }
j shelves. Broad, firm writing- \
| leaf. Roomy, handy pigeon {
• holes and shelves to keep oor- j
| respondence and papers safely. ¦
j Will be welcome wherever read- ;
| ing and writing are <R|10.75 I
• Many exclusive designs in book j
j cases. Rich, Solid Mahogany; ar- !
! tisticaliy carved Golden Oak; dam- •
; ty Birdseye Maple; French Plate j
¦ and Gilt Combinations for homes :
! of taste and culture; $7.50 to JJBS. ;
j Drapery Department— Sofa Cush- I
; ions in brilliant, flowered silk as j
I true to nature as art can get; rich, !
: figured velour; denim and old tapes- ;
; try reproductions; from $r.Bo up. 5
I CARPET DEPARTMENT j
; Matting Remnants' — Chance for j
[the small bedroom, pantry, „ bath, ;
j hall, closet,— 25 to 40 cent grades ;
;¦: in pieces up to 15 yards: 10c a yard. •
j I Free Delivery, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley }
I M FRIEDMAN £ CO,, \
I 233 to 237 Post St. \
I Open ereniagt , Near Stockton \
ADVZHTISEMEN-TS.
SOROSIS
Is the only shoo teat Europe has ever
accepted fr:rn America — the only shoe
at a moderate price that has been
taken up by women of wealth, culture
and fashion.
But it Isn't a fal It's a new.
progressive idea — at once the most
graceful and the most comfortable
shO3 ever made.
Thirty-fivi styles, widths AAA to
EEE, sizes 2 to 9.
AH at 5Q rft Per
Cn: Price, O<DU Pair.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
50 THIRD STREET
RECORD SHOE BTCEE EELOW MARKET,
SAN FRAT'CISCO.
FREE BOOKLET Or PJ'ItING STYLES
yoii THE ASKING.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas M. and Annie P. Hill (owners) with
A. Olson (contractor), plans by owner— All
work for a one-story and basement frama
building with brick foundation and partly fin
ished attic on S line of Filbert street. S2:S E
of Pierce. E 27:6 by S 120; »13S>.
Rev. Patrick Scanlan (owner) with William
Plant (contractor), architect Thomas J. Welch —
Carpenter work, patent chimneys, hardware,
glazing, tinning and galvanized iron work
(plumbing, painting and plastering excepted>
for a two-story and basement frame butlding
containing two classrooms on a brick founda
tion on W line of Tenth street, 300 S of How
ard. W 2«S by N 100; $1725.
Henry E. Bothtn (owner) with W. A. Sew
¦om and Stephen McNeil (contractors), archi
tect G. W. Percy — Carpenter, mill, stair and
glass work, glazing, tinning, galvanized Iron.
rooting, hardware, skylights, painting and
whitewashing for a three-story brick building
on lot on SW line of Fremont street. 275 SB
cf Howard. SE 4S by SW 80; £645.
of, and th« Fire Department suffered no Injury
through any part of our eiectrtc system that
could possibly- be avoided.
All of the trouble that did occur was largely
Jf not entirely due to th» electric-light wire*
coming down with the telephone and Market
street Railway Company's wires across our
wire, which was dead; and any current that
may have been in our wire was due to causes
entirely beyond our control.
I think it only fair to this company that we
should have the privilege of stating the facts
In this particular case. Your«t very truly
WILLIAM CLAYTON, Secretary.
March 31. 1900.
To Chief Sullivan. San Francisco Fire Depart
ment. San Francisco— Dear Sir: I Inclose you
a copy of a letter which I have sent to Chief
of Police Sullivan this day. It was sent to him
rather than to yourself solely because we had
received a telephone message purporting to
come from the Chief of Police ordering us to
shut down our power house during the fire last
night. Its object is to show:
1. That Immediately upon receiving the order
we shut down our line east of Thirtieth street.
2. That at the time that we received the or
der our line on Bryant street, from Eighth,
between Harrison and Bryant, to Second street,
had been dead for some time.
3. That if any current or any shock was
riven by our wire it was due to Its belnc
crossed with electric light, telephone and the
Market-etreet Railway Company's wires.
I desire to add that any time we receive a
MARKET STREET
COMPANY FILES
NO EXPLANATION
San Mateo Railway Manag
ers Tell the Facts About
Recent Fire.
Firemen Were Injured Through, the
Refusal of the Former Corpora
tion to Cut Its Current
When Ordered.
As yet the Market-street Railway Com
pany has not seen fit to explain Its action
in refusing to cut off the current from
Its trolley lines during the progress of the
fire at Eighth and Bryant streets Friday
evening. Through the action of the Mar
ket-street Company in either negligently
failing or deliberately refusing to cut off
the current several persons narrowly es
caped death, and the lives of all of the
firemen and spectators within the lines
were Imperiled. Two communications
from the San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railway Company were received
by Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday,
which explain the fact that the current
from this company's wires was cut as
soon as possible after the fire started, and
also make plain the fact that the Market-
Street Company made no effort to lessen
the danger to which liremen are con
stantly exposed when 'fighting the names
surrounded by ¦ a network of heavily
charged wires. The communications re
ferred to read:
March 31, 1900.
To Chief of Police Sullivan, City Hall, city-
Dear Sir: Subject, fire at Bryant and Eighth
streets. I desire to make a simple statement
to you In regard to our wires, in connection
with the flre last night. Some messages were
sent to our power house In your name, ami 1
note in this morning's papers the charge that
we failed to obey the order to shut of! our cur
rent. . •
At the moment that the alarm rang in our
electrician, Mr. Vanatta, was on a car on top
of Kighteenth-street hill on his way to the
power house. Instead of going there he boarded
one of our cars at Guerrero street and contin
ued'on down to the (ire. Shortly after he had
readied it one of the buildings fell in. At this
time he was trying to make his way to our
brraker situated on Eighth street, between Har
rison and liryant. iie informs me that our
wires had not In any way interfered with the
Hremen up to the time that he arrived at the
tire, but almost immediately after his arrival,
owing to the falling in of one of the buildings,
amass of wires consisting of electric light wires,
telephone wires, with the Market-street Rail
way Company's and our own, came down In one
confusing -mass into the street. At this time he
was on Ills way to cut our line, and used every
possible dispatch, cutting out our line very
shortly afterward. Immediately upon cutting
it out at Eighth street we blew the fuse at
Bryant and Second streets, and. our wire from
that time on was absolutely dead all al^ng
Bryant street. Subsequent to our line being
cut out we received a telephone message pun
porting to come from Chief of Police Sullivan,
and immediately upon its receipt our whole
downtown section was cut out from the power
house, which Includes everything east of Thirti
eth street and San Jose avenue. There was not
the slightest delay In cutting out the moment
our power house was advised. The shutting
down of the main line was absolutely unneces
sary, as at the time we shut down our line on
Bryant street had been cut for some time. We
have no feed wires at all on Bryant street. Our
service on that street consists of a single trol
ley wire, which Is fed from our Harrison -street
feeders at Eighth street and Stanley place.
We did not start up our main line until our
electrician advised the power house to cut in
again, when we continued to serve our cars on
Harrison street only, our Bryant-street liHe re
maining dead. The Bryant street line was not
cut In until tlje majority of the fire companies
were ordered from;the fire and our linemen, to
gether with those of the Market-street Railway
Company, had made sufficient repairs to Insure
the safety of the public.
We probably rendered a more prompt service
at this fire than is ueual with us, for the reason
that , our ' electrician happened » to be traveling
on the line at the time the alarm was turned in.
We know from the fact of his being" so early, In
the field that our line was promptly taken care
the last Saturday In April, on which occa
sion the vice presidents and advisory
board members will be elected.
The officers chosen yesterday were as
follows: Honorary presidents, Mrs. Pheb«
Hearst and Mrs. Caroline Severance of
Los Angeles; president, Mrs. E. G.
Greene; recording secretary, Mrs. Hester
Harland; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Frederic Burk; treasurer, Mrs Mary L.
O'Neal; directors— Mrs. Brun of Palo Alto,
Miss Sarah D. Hamlin, Mrs. May L.
Cheney, Miss Grace Barnard, Miss A. M.
Stovall. Mrs. M. I* O'Neal. Mrs. Sarah
Smiley and Miss Kate Banning.
The programme of the afternoon was as
follows: "State Work," Mrs. Hester A.
Harland; "San Francisco Child-Study
Club," Mrs. H. Bridge; "Home and School
Clubs," Mary K. Keating; address. Dr.
Edwin D. Starbuck; "Industrial Work
Among Youth in England," . Miss Whit
taker; address, "Industrial Education Be
ginning During Infancy." George Merrill,
School of Mechanical Arts.
ELECTED OFFICERS
AND READ PAPERS
Annual Meeting of the Home and
School Child Study Association
Held Yesterday.
The California Home and School Child-
Study Association held its third annual
meeting in the parlors of the California
Club yesterday. The morning session was
given over to the election of officers,, and
In the afternoon there was an excellent
programme that embraced papers of In
terest to the club members.
Many * noted educators were . present at
the afternoon session. The first quarterly
meetinc of the •association will be held on
4=Room Furniture
i ¦ FOR. $98.
¦-. IiEDHOOII— Rwlrooir. met. 1 pieces, hardwood-
..J rood W'Jte Ki-ring. 1 good Top &l&ttma, 1
iJ'alr VlUowa.
.¦ I'AXiJJill— S piece* Oak or Mahoganr Vp-
.bf.jMerwl .s..t.
": DININO-ROOM — 1 Hardwood Extension
. Tab 1 .-. 6 Ock Chain-.
: KITCHEN— I Tatent Table. 1 No. 7 Store. 2
. Chaim.'
«¦?«¦ No extra cl:arge on <-r*-<i:t.
. • MAKE TOUn OWN TERMS.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO,
.1310-1312 Stockton St., Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Canxras from $1 up. "We have a com-
plete line of films, solio paper, velox pa-
per, plates, printlnif fraxnea, trays and
developers. We also do developing 1 and
prlr.tinp. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
Ket street •
request from your department or that of the
Chief of Police to cut out any section of our
line it will always be done without a moment's
hesitation and will not be started up again un
til snch time as our own officials are satisfied
that the members of your department, a* well
aa the public, are properly and completely »aJe
suarded. Yours very truly.
WILLIAM fLATTON*. S-cretary.
GOOD SALES OF REALTY
THERE have been a number of fair
ly good sales of real estate closed
during the past week, but the only
deal of more than ordinary impor
tance is the purchase of the Pacific
Rolling Mills property by the Risdon Iron
Works for something over half a million
dollars, news of which was first published
in The Call. The transfer of this valua
ble property means a great deal for the
Potrero and San Francisco generally, as
it is proposed to establish a great ship
building plant there as a rival to the Un
ion Iron Works, involving the expenditure
of several million dollars and giving em
ployment to several thousand mechanics
and laborers.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold to
Henry Kahn two valuable pieces of prop
erty on Eddy street for nearly $60,000. The
first piece was that of Mrs. Raphael at
115 Eddy street, adjoining the panorama
building on the southwest corner of Eddy
and Mason streets, lot 25x137:6, for $27,300.
The other piece was the adjoining prop
erty on Eddy street, 30x137:6. owned by
John Pforr, for which $30,0<)0 was paid.
This purchase leads the way to the de
velopment of lower Eddy street, which
has as great if not greater advantages
than Ellis street, where Henry Kahn and
his associate, Leon Kauff man, have erect
ed handsome business structures, one of
which has been sold at an advance on
the investment, and the other, the prop
erty of Thomas Magee Jr. and Henry
Kahn, has been leased on terms that will
repay the outlay on land and building.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
J. C. Johnson residence property on the
southwest corner of Van Ness avenue and
California street to Dr. Albert Abram for
$40,000, subject to confirmation by the Pro
bate Court. JThe lot has a frontage on
the avenue o9 60 feet and extends 134 feet
on California" street. The premises were
sold in UBSS by the heirs of John Campbell
for $34,000 to the late J. C. Johnson, who
expended, it ia eaid, nearly $30,000 in trans
forming the residence Into what he
termed the West Indian style, with tur
rets and ornamentations on the exterior
and corresponding arrangements in the
Interior. Should the Probate Court accept
his offer It is Dr. Abrama' Intention to ex
pend about $SOOO in fitting up the rear por
tion of the building on California street
for offices and a laboratory, with distinct
ar.d separate entrance from the residence
proper.
The estate of Charles Behlow has pur
chased of Mrs. Lizette M. Nelson the
property on the southeast side of Mission
street; between Fifth and Sixth, for about
$4<J.U!W. The lot is 80x160, 402:6 feet south
west of Sixth street, and is covered by
old buildings renting for about $150 a
month.
Anna Howard has sold the property on
the corner of First and Minna streets, lot
45x150, with an L 35x75, to the William Ede
Company for $40,000.
The eale by A. M. Speck & Co. of the
property at the corner of Ninth and Ste
venson streets, from James Scoble to the
Ede estate, recently reported, for $65,000
has been confirmed by Judge Seawell. The
property adjoins that purchased by the
Ede estate on Market street, and a large
lodging-house is to be erected on the site.
A. M. Speck & Co. report the following
sales: Lot, 30x100. corner of Noe and Rid
ley streets, Charles H. Athearn to P. 11.
Anderson, $2500: adjoining lot on Ridley
street, 25xl<W, Mary T. Melandy to P. H.
Anderson, $1650; lot and improvements on
the north line of Ellis street, 220 feet west
of Franklin, lot 55x137:6. M. Lando to C.
Schlmpf, $12,250. The same firm has nego
tiated a lease of the upper floors of the
building at 1132 Market street, P. F. Nolan
to Mrs. M. Quigley, at $30") per month to
be conducted as a lodging-house. The
former rent was $250.
The following sales are reported by the
Burnham & Marsh Company for the past
month: Lot, 30x100. on the northeast cor
ner of Page street and Central avenue,
from Henry Wellbrock to M. L. Cook, for
(5500; residence and lot. 34x120. on the west
line of Guerrero street. 30 feet south of
Twenty-first, from R. E. Dickinson to J.
L. Prior, for $7500; a lot. 25x80, with store
and flat on the northwest corner of Cali
fornia and Lyon streets, from - James
Deely to C. J. Borgfeldt, for $7500; a lot.
25x60, with store and flat on the southeast
corner of Sutter and Fillmore streets.
from T. Enderle to Claus Alpers, for $9750;
the property at 626 Stevenson street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth Ptreets, from Dr.
A. K. Happersberger to Dr. R. L-Wem
ple, for $10,500, and a three-story building
on the west line of Taylor street. 137:6
north of Geary, from Mrs. Mary E. Dan
iels to C. S. Benedict, on private terms.
Lyon & Hoag report the following sales:
Three fiats north side of Waller street, M
feet east of Masonic avenue, lot 2axloo,
$10,000; two-story house on the north line
of Halsht street. 220 feet west of Baker,
lot 25x137:6, $GGOO; cottage on Highland
avenue. Holly Park tract, $1850; two flats
at 720 and 722 Lyon street, C. L. Davis to
Frank Wedde, $4800: two-story house on
the north side of Vallejo street, 250 feet
east of Taylor, lot 22x130:6, $2100; lot and
Improvements at 112 Hyde street, Phebe
A. Hearst to Elizabeth Logan, $6250; the
two flats at 215 and 221 Devlsadero street,
$7500; lots 243 and 245 Holliday map (A),
$500; two lots en the west side of isinth
avenue, 50 feet north of X street, $<oO
each; new two-story house on the north
line of Ninth avenue, between J and X
streets. $3150.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. sold at auction
on Tuesday the following property: Three
frame houses and lot 57:6x137:6 on the
south side of Suttc-r street, 217:6 feet west
of Hyde, $21,500 (subject to approval);
three flats and lot 27:6x57:6 on the north side
of Lewis street, 60 feet south of Jones,
$520); lot on the east side of Valencia
street, 155 feet south of Fifteenth, 30x100,
$5000; two lots on the east side of Clayton
street, 137:6 feet north of Halght, $2000
each; lot on ihe south side of Page street,
131:3 feet west of Cole, 25x155 feet. $2350;
lot on the northwest corner of Bush and
Pierce streets. SUxIOO feet, with old im
provements, $3950; four lots, each 25:10x9j
feet, on the north side of Jackson street,
SO feet west <f Cherry, $1350 each; lot oh
the west side of Fillmore street, 97 feet
south of Bush. 25x100, $2750.
Oscar Heyman reports the sale of a lot
and a house on the east line of Devlsadero
street, 100 feet south of Hayes, to D. Davis
for $7500, and of a four-room and bath cot
tage on the east side of Andover street.
250 feet south of Crescent avenue, to
George S. Walters for $1300.
Six cottages are being constructed by
the Acme Building and Loan Association
at the San Bruno end of the Folsom-street
car line for A. V. Potter, G. Lewin. S.
Goldstein, C. Goldstein, M. Bardofskv and
I. Goldberg. Oscar Heyman is also build-
Ing a five-room and bath cottage oi, the
•corner of View avenue and Twenty-third
street, to cost $1500.
The Shiels estate has decided to put a
three-story brick building on the site of
the former Bush-street Theater building,
between Montgomery and Kearny streets.
There will be stores on the ground floor,
with lofts above. The front of the build
ing will be In buff pressed brick, and there
will be a light well In the Interior. The
foundations will be laid sufficiently strong
to permit of the ad litlon of another story
should It be decided later to transform It
Into an ofnce building of four storle,*.. B.
Patterson Ross Is the architect and the
outlay Is estimated at $25,000.
John M. Speck of the real estate firm of
A. M. Speck & Co. has gone to Southern
California for rest and recreation.
The estate of the late C. F. Crocker has
added to its holdings In San Mateo County
by the purchase of a tract of thirty-two
acres for $50,000.
The Blue Lakes Hotel property, which
Includes 262 acres of land In Lake County,
has been sold by Baron Carl Mayer of
Vienna to Dr. A- K. Happensbergcr for
$10,000.
The twelfth annual report of the Cali
fornia Building and Loan Association of
Alameda shows that the gross earnings of
the year were $15,1(>9 34 and the net profits
v.-ere $9778 96. New mortgage loans were
made to the amount of $34,000, and mort
irptre loans were repaid to the amount of
*32.(00. The heaviest Items In the total of
$14fi.793 99 of assets and liabilities are mort
gage loans $12R.W0 and book value of
shares in force H11R.42S 80.
ARGUMENT ON COLLINS'
WRIT WAS NOT HEARD
Judg^ Ifi-srlor Continues the Case
That the District Attorney May
Hake E*ntra.
[ .Argument on the writ of haJbeas corpus
<m behalf of John F. Collins, the accused
ifteattle biLRk robi>er. was postponed until
by Juope I^awlor yesterday. Ow
¦lng to the failure of the DL=trict Attorney
;to inaJie proper return on behalf of the
:>eopie this course was rendered neces
tiaxy.. AKsistant District Attorney Deu
¦jp.r^y. who represented the people, eon-
Jended thai as the writ ¦was issued against
ili'hn Doe and llichaj-d Roe, and hence
applifed to no special person, it was not
;-n»?ces.«ary that a return be made. Deu
prpy further said that the court had no
authority to issue the writ, as the pris
-.onerar.d bis eruardian were then outside
the limits of Use county and the jurisdic
tion of the court had ceased. Judjre Law
;lor corrected Mr. Deuprey and informed
¦him that when the second writ ¦was is
¦Kue*! the prisoner and the officers were
:«stlU in the corridors of the <"itv Hall
rw?uprey ar.d Attorney George D. "Collins,
¦who represents the prisoner, indulged in
¦a controversy as to the issuance of requi
sition papers by the Governor of Wash-
Jngtrm, but Judgre I-awlor averted open
¦hostilities by ordering an adjournment.
On llr»r:day the charges of kidnaping
'stjyainst the officers who endeavored to
•J.nrry Collins out of the city will also be
.rolled, and in view of the prisoner's pres
ent legal advantage they may be put to
-considerable expense and trouble before
¦ : they tinally clear themselves of all Hlepal
proceedings In relation to Collins and his
hurried journey to Sacramento.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
SAYS BONELLI'S
NOTE HAS BEEN
CHANGED BY HIM
Ada Gr. Cade's Grave Charge
Against the Music
Professor.
In a Cross Complaint She Asks the
Court to Adjudge Th&t Forgery
Has 3 sen Committed to
Her Injury.
E-- S. BonelU. director la the San Fran
cisco jVcademy of M^sic and professor of
tianaocy, nicest defend himself against a
¦rhiur^e that he "willfaily and fraudulently
forged certain specific additions to a note
executed by Ada. <J. Cade which he holds
In addition to a mortguge of all of the
hidy deiencaut's liousthoid. effects to »e
oure the payment to him of $300 loaned
und as yet impaid. Professor Boaelli Hied
tint it. few creeks agro to raoovcr from Ada
LJ. Ouie the .-..:.; of £SX' oa a. promissorj
ame -"executea Jul\- 10, ls&*. and L>ear:ng in
terest ax 4 per cent a. mouth, which was
eecuTe-a by a cUiilltl inorigiLge covt-riug
ail of dciend^iut's eTLocm from her i>aim-
Uigrs to the tali rug. lie ai!e«od that the
enects in Question ¦were located at de
tenduzfa !io:ae, HZ O'Karreil street, and
that she h^d ifiMd to \>±y him principal
tnd iiiiervsa on hex cott at his home. l&J
Powell sir«_-«, vttea the saint- L»ecaxne due,
bui tailed to keep her agreement.
Aa answer ana crusi-tonjjjiaijit tiled by
fAiam O=ji<-- yesuydoj- afternoon contains
aiioiiuz* story. t?h<_- admits waving bor
rovtd £>j from Boaciii, but dexiies that
tfce liose i\-ht--ia ex«.-ute<i by her contained
c. priwriao that it should i«^r the usurious
rate of < per c«m;i a month interest. She
also <ieiiic-s Omi she has failed to maie
Ray pajiiitnt on xh*>. note, bui aileges that
the- i- is paiJ The professor 55 in ail. Coa
ticuizig;. fbe sncoiporaLed in a cross-com
filalr.i !:er cix«xs»; iiia.l Pi-ofessor Bonelll
craiiduiently diacs^l th« aoie. Slie sa\"?:
'•.SI::*:* the recordation of the chattel
mongi^re It ]:as been by the plaintiff and
by bis design traudulently and nia.teriiJlj
altered In that ct-rtxin bLtuxK? which ex-
Isied in ihe printed form have betm filled
in as to now exjirvss sju obligation maw
ri?Uj- dittcrevx frosn that sitmed by the
detfengg.r.t. Beca'uy* of th-e unautliorized
Cllir^s In the note-. is fals=e. fraudulent ajid
•Gorfw^J and void afrajr.yt th«? <3ef#jidant and
th^- property hypothecated."
In conclusion Miss Ciide prays that the
note and mortßatre Ixj adjudged fraudu
lent SnsLniiaents by the court and ordered
caticeled. and that she recover her costs
E^iiinst the plaintiff prcfotisor.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 1, 1900.
Hales.
a^^^^^¦^^l^^^^l^^?^X":^^^":-H•^H^^^¦;^^:^^!-:¦^^^l^^^•K^^:¦^^^:¦¦l^¦l^^^^:-^¦¦l¦¦l^¦^¦l¦¦^¦;¦¦^¦^
I Newest f
F/i^tpr Offprmo's i
I Liv) I vl l/llvilll^O !
•• fXT THE ¦ 2
I Golflen GatE Cloat^ SuitHonse |
f 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. f
I: ¦ . . .
|~ ; X
t ,;•:;;, ;• :;; The coslumes now on exhibition in our x
J spacious WAREROOMS AND WINDOWS £
j; are distinctly different from the ordinary •[
i ready-made goods. Many are EXCLUSIVE ::
I in style and they are retailed at J
f Wholesale Prices. i I
.|. ______^ — — — — — — — — . ___ i * *
? i
1 Elegant Applique TAILOR SUITS, Eton effect, O|C Hf) X
2 with box skirt OIJiUU ±
j; RETAIL PRICE SSO.OO. •
t Fine black and blue, nicely appliqued. very ::
t latest, swell effects, finely tailored ETON 000 CD 4-
I suits..: OZZijU t
j« RETAIL PRICE 333.30, T
i Gray and brown homespun TAILOR SUITS, Eton QQ Cfl ?
$ ; style, with latest box skirt UU: U U ?
*; RETAIL PRICE 912. SO. I*
:: Newest style Eton short-box JACKETS now on exhibition at ::
j WHOLESALE PRICES. \
I I wide. Prices ran R e from --C^T /£*ffl dE M esco 3 1 OO
f^-^iß Ma Opening In Our; Cloak and fg|h^ mEB^
1 X ior Laster costumes, all ex- //jTy^rSsSr-T.^Eli /"^ ,*-^. • , -r>^ -¦•;'.,'- = ¦'. V £ s'jJx/t'ti * ' >sOc ntmr«
I elusive designs and in pop- fe^jli /% Stilt T%&HfkVtXt\Gtlt^
I uhr colorings, including _ -^H7H 7 fd®&> OUIL U^FCII 111AW"1» uWMM£^Kr Free To-Day
I &%r\Z7^% TnchS ' Jr*. MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY of this hudxut'S 20th cen-
§ r: id %-iV66-and-?iV 2 5^d WJtJf week^ c will sh°w some of the finest garments it has J^\] SS^ffi^^
¦ i SILK SQUARES for Fancy JWt'^&ffl^X^ ° ° Ur P leaSUI " c t0 P^Sent tO the public Of San hfjY \\ mation of Hudnut's spe-
| waists, new Parisienne nov- / Jis^'WJfa VV- Francisco. They are taken from the latest Parisian models. " jQE, M ciaities and how to use
H eltyi come with fancy bor- fU*X\iit*~ m^ U/p havp ho on Tr » /-rmciHAt-a hlo pvnpncp in rrot horinrr thic >»* »k them, given away in our
II dors and scroll designs. If /?W M nave Deen tO COnSlaeraDie expense in garnering tnlS A> VA perfumery department
:j [I you do not see these you /Mf i collection and know every garment to be strictly high class / &\\ Easter Linens
Imi Will not SCC trie 13tCSt t&uS. / *£/ lJ ——nprfor t"lx* toii^f^/i £• 1 ty, nro r\flw notf ofHD /"3 of\ /A rvt oHorotalif 1 \x\ \ \
1 Prices range from $2.50 to / § & penecuj, tailored— elegantly patterned— ana moderately k jk>\ \ Table aoths> pure ite
r y $7.00 each / ffl (ft priced — quality considered. Come and bring your friends R /cJsfe*\ linen> damask border ail
II _ _ _, , hh. fj; i}, — YOU're welrnmp tn in^DPrt or hllV /a /kr&^VK\\ around, tasty designs,
I D-ster Dress Goods /g?J >A yuuie weicomeio mbpeci ur uuy. ; jSLjh«SP^\ napkins to match
I french foule suit- A Imported Tailor-Made Suits. mWrA V W
I riodes tonr^reens^and \V§Sj§s3^T\K Like cut Na l > Fine Broadcloth, double- ,Like cut No. 2-Ladies' imported tailor jA^S% 2 yards 10ng. . . ..J1.85 each
bSes wkh bouc" fizzes Xr^^C^j \ > breasted Eton jacket, handsomely ap- ' suits in gray broadcloth, Belaur jac- "^^k^^.-^ffijSSi^ 2/i >Y d , 3 lon * |^ each
W o f br'eht iohah in \\ /V\ \*~-> P lic l ued all over skirt - also appliqued ket, handsomely appliqued, silk-lined t«L M #™M <J\ 3 yards lon X . . . .|3.00 each
I p^iSSt^TZ \\f Xr^ dOUbIC b °. X P*it..i*-Kned throughout tW.hout with best quality taffet. A £g
[I Se^ O?e^?nrfs marked f^ LADIES'" ' TAILOR-MADE " SUIT. * Mlm\W^^^ \ come in o^ knsrths - 2 -
g U $i2oo- the other a be«er \ V / double-breasted Eton- jacket, . trim- MISSES' DOUBLE - BREASTED yarfs at $3-50, and 3
' w aualitv ' $13 50 "> m } n .% m P ur pl« velvet and white satin ETON SUITS — In light and dark r - D ... at 9 5 - 00 ca c»-
; m 2. "DDmnrrnTuc Faster for«iPt«i piping, lined throughout with best gray homespun, jackets satin-lined taster KIDDOnS 20 pieces bleached table.
\\D YFWTui ? £ thf vfw mMrw Mnnn inn quality taffeta, double stitched seams throughout, skirts percaline lined, For confirmation sashes, white taffeta 68 inches wide.
AND \LNtIIANb —so THE NEW FRENCH MODEL KID $67.50 velveteen binding, sizes 4to 18 years ribbon: No. 60 17c yard- No. 100. pure linen, rich destens. 10
i, inches wide, popular color- FITTING, the :_t artistically con- TAFFETA 'WAISTS— We have gath- $10.00 each 25c yard ' patterns to select from. ...
3 • ings, ior tailor costumes. structed Corset in the world. No ered here an elaborate collection of WE CARRY same quality ribbon, in 75c yard
\ These you can have made question about it— kid fitting corsets ladies' fancy silk waists, tucked -to LADIES' CAPES— Made in black or light blue, turquoise, fuchsia, cerise, X napkins, to match
S I np in our tai.onnu depart- fit. They are not affected by perspira- perfection, corded down front and" tan- broadcloth, handsomely ap- lilac, cardinal and other shades. Nar ?3.25 dozen
A B ment at a reasonable cost tion; do not get out of shape. To back exclusive styles. Prices from pliqued with braid, silk-lined through- row ribbons to match. r - \%f^h C™^
A t Hie cloih will cost §0.7.-, show our faith in it we eruarantee to $8.00, $12,00, $15.00, and up t0. ?25.00 out. Prices $12.00 and $15.00 THE NEW FRENCH WEAVE taf- taster WaSIl UOOCIS
a suit; the better grade.... g j Ye a new one for any that does not The handsome Cloak Novelties In our window* w»Usve you an ideaof what Is Inside feta regence, a perfect neck or mil- IMPORTED CORDED
I buit 5^7.00 g,ve entire satisfaction. , ¥^ M^^ M H*> + linery ribbon, comes in all the new EFFECT, white ground.
I r fl c+ o , Trlmm'^c LATEST FRENCH SHAPE, im- LOnQOll ildtS* shades; No. 60 40c yard with mercerized stripes in
; LdSier inmmmgs ported sateen, low bust, sudden hip. w^ e u mm - nw .f . m .ii ,r,,t; nn « from londnn'i f a , hin L. -rt, FANCY RIBBONS, three rows of in- pink, blue, nile green.
ALL-OVER DESIGNS of best quality French steels. 4-hook CQ JR?J*™ nn * ,°- [jl^l^^ml^cd^zrlry^o^m^^t^ sertion, and colored stripes, honiton black and red stripes
flat silk braid and cord ef- clasp, light weight, flexible, gives the ">mb me beauty and elegance and are marked at a very close margin of profit effects . No 40c yard 35c yard
i 1 feet, serviceable and very latest effect for dress, top and bottom two alike. • ¦ r1 M xt i-i NEW HAIR STRIPE ribbons, oom- FRENCH MULLS. 30
I pretty for yokes. 18 inches trimmed with lace and baby ribbon, • x .» * ~7, 2'2 ' CUt> P.adour borders, all stylish combina- inches wide, handsome fou-
j -.vide.' either black or white. colors black, drab, pink and blue. ;v**^ito33N The "Generale," fj^^^ c "Automobile," a tion of colorings; No. 100, 6 inches lard patterns, in biucs. lav-
i $1.50 yard; more elaborate. sizes 18 to 30. Price $1.00 ?^^3fff^j)| Tuscan and white. JSHFSM very chic affair, in new 75c yard endcrs and blacks, choice
! in white 0n1y... ?2.75 yard NEW SHAPES— Kid Fitting Corsets. $iffi®wKsSs? The crown is formed fm&?m£ straw effect soft folds of CORDED STRIPE taffeta ribbons. designs 15c yard
¦ I A DAINTY NOVELTY 4 -hoolc clasp or ;-hook length, best , ° is tormea M§j^A ettect, eott iolds ot j assortment of co lorings. with FIGURED BATISTE. 36
;« comes in black or white, in side steels, fancy stitched bust, nicely W SC V . T^W^ tullc ' Wlth cream ap " white corded stripes, x^ inches wide inches wide, grounds small
p renaissance effect, combin- trimmed, colors black or drab, sizes Venlcc lrice and tln y (* K&os P llf l ue points, low trim 9c yard floral patterns for children's
if ed with silk cord.. 6sc yard 18 to 30. Price 500 '^^^^"^ tucks of whits chlf- \J&W$ > mings of black poppies r ac * ae . I Q^« o wear 12 1 -2 c yard
;| BLACK SILK FRINGES. .1 FREN ch MODEL-Made of beauti- MlU> fon. Snowballs and Ipf and green foliage, and Z**™, LaCe , S ? , FIGURED ORGANDIE .^o
J indies deep, 3Sc to ful imported corset broche. hand- 7/f( maidenhair fern jr\ bow of turquoise velvet. F^hion decrees laces, and laces we have inches wide, sheer white.
H $3.00 per yard tnm .i» »rimm«l t nn md hnttnm run / \\ ' "' aiuc "' ai * , / I r . a • c • in abundance. We are going to speak ground, colored stripes and
I SILVER SPANGLED babv™?bon extm qualiy^teels £hl\\ pooping on brim forming an effective face about some bought just before the re- figures, up-to-date styles..
I TRIMMING, >K inch wide, Jhroughout cSCrs b™ck. w?th blue U ' * Prlcc — ?15 -°° tnmming. Price,. sl6.oo ccn t advance. . ..25c yard
g in plain and cup spangle, flowers also white, with pink, blue , ¦¦ aj 222 ? Zen y ar ds for a special Easter LINEN SUITINGS.. .12
H correct idea for evening or lavender designs A perfect »*^dt /»»/ /M$F/ offering. They were good values to inches wide, white mercer-
a wear 35c yard French Model Corset. Price V&«toS*iJ^L~<^Hea/ /Jmf /%£\ us because bought right, and as they ized, red. blue and green
a FEATHER BOAS — New $3.50 pair = !sfi&> /£¥/ s^t**^^ lP /a*G&^ are mar!<e^ at a yer >' small advance stripes and plaid?, very
U shades of pray, soft, tarce • ' ! t^7^'^/^f/ fj&jf j\ /&&r =^^ ? vcr co;it we know they are exceed- pretty for outing suit-. Per
m and fluffy, gives the proper To make our corset department /0W /$?&/ /^&a^^L4/ (Cs^ (^^^^ ingly good values to you. yard 16 2-3 c
H effect to complete your all the more complete we carry /^W/ /M**! Jcl 180 dozen yards Valenciennes lace, IMPORTED SCOTCH
I costnme — in stock full lines of Crcsco, R. fMvff/ " _ ~^^* * nc^ w '^ e> c Dcr dozen yards. DIMITIES. .10 inches
Iy \ii j-ards long 913.50 & G., J. 8., Thompson's Glove /JBmf &B{fh&hß%. dozen yards fancy patterns. s<-inch wide, sheer fabric, pretty
i Extra fiber. $16.00 and Fitting. Ferris' Kijl Fitting. Dr. "~* "fl^^gjJ^^W^ %J^hJ3^^s^^ wide, loc dozen yards. colors, in pinks, blues, lav-
| $17.00 each. In black Warner's and Chicago Waists. "™ l '^l^^^mmßM—Baat^^^^^ 330 dozen yards, five different patterns. enders and blacks, large as-
1 the prices range from Expert Corset Fitters; separate noc QO7 nqn qa.4 QAQ QA c; QA7 Manlrnt Cfnoot rom tt to y A inches wide, 20c per sortment of patterns
$7.50 to $35.00. Fitting Rooms. WOO, y«5 /, Hdy, HfH, y^^, \M>O, «4/ lYiarKei bireei. dozen yards. 25c yard
! -_ «__
32