KNOXVILLE Tenn., May 6.— TheMocal
chapter of the Daughters of the-Ameri
can Revolution has j had | a large bowlder
of Tennesse marble placed on> the ? spot
where; Admiral David G.- Farragut was
born, near this city. It will be dedicated
"by Admiral ' Dewey on May 15/
Monument to Farragut.
HAVANA., May 6.— General Riveria", for
mer Secretary of Agriculture, says that
statements recently published represent
ing him ' as . heading | a revolutionary
movement in . the province of .Santiago,
are absolutely false, and, in his opinion,
made .with the Intention of . hurting the
cause of ; Cnba. - He • declares ¦ he "could not
stir up a revolution in Santiago province,
even if he desired. to do so, as the people
there ' are much more anxious to ' tend
their crops :and look, after- their ' cattle
than to-flsht. • • , •
Not Inciting Revolution.
;The gang that' did the work is supposed
to consist of seven, men Intent on robbing
the Santa Fe Pacific train, but the plot
was nipped in the bud by the Sheriff.pur
suing them for Wiling cattle, and the mur
der was committed in the flight.' It is be
lieved that members of the same gang
killed George Scarborough. recently in Co
chise' County. Morris admits being an ac
quaintance of members of the gang, but
says he was not interested and can prove
an alibi, though his description, answers
perfectly to one of the men wanted.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. May 6.— Sheriff Ed
Beeler of Apache County passed, through
here to-day en .route- to. his home 1 In St.
Johns, Ariz., having in custody Bill Mor
ris, alias -Cojey Morris, arrested near
Globe, May 2 on a charge of being an ac
cessory to the murder of Gus Gibbons and
Frank. L., Lesseur, In Apache County on
March 27. ,.¦.•'¦- - .- .* . '¦
to a Double Murder.
Believed to Have Been an Accessory
"COLEY" MORRIS CAPTURED.
white- clrl near Hartford. Armed : men
took him from the arresting officers and
carried him to the woods, where he later
was found: hanging to a limb.
— '• — * ¦ -
THABA NCHU, May 5.-Gcneral Rundle,
who has been pursuing the Boers with
the Seventeenth Brigade," two batteries
YEOMANRY IN PURSUIT.
LONDON, May 7.— The Lourenzo 'Mar
ques correspondent of the Times, tele
graphing Sunday, says: "General Botha
has been to the Free Statf'to rouse tho
burghers, but has returned disheartened
and disgusted. From an unimpeachable!
source I learn that ho is openly stating
to friends that the Free Staters are so
completely demoralized that it is hopeless
to expect anything from them."
TO ROUSE THE BXTBGHERS.
Resolutions were adopted tendering
thanks to those Senators and Representa
tives who have introduced resolutions ir.
Congress expressnig j sympathy with the
South African republics, and calling upon
th6 President? in the interests of human
ity and civilization, to invite the great
powers of Europe tojoin in a concerted
demand upon Great Britain to stop the
war.
Montagu "White also spoke. ¦ He said
that he felt sure that Mr, Davis' efforts
In behalf of the Boers will be far-reachinjj
in the future and that the press of the
country is being controlled in the inter
ests of the' British. , He' said that even
religion is being used to malign the cause
of the people of South Africa. ;
Should the British by overwhelming: numbers
succeed in conquering the Boers in the. present
struggle it will avail nothing. Future genera
tions will take up the burden jvheire their
stricken fathers laid it down and the outcome
is certain.
There Is not a grander man living to-day than
Faul Kruger. and Cecil Rhodes is the damndest
scoundrel unhung.
I wish to God 100,000 Americans would arm
themselves and with an American fleet go to
the help of the Boers. If that is not possible,
then we can tell th« world that we do not sym
pathize wltii Great Britain, J>ut we do eympa-
British effort to crush liberty, to kill the two
younr republics and to rob and murder their
handful of brave martyrs is a crime and must
be resented by every- American satrlot. Mc-
Kinley is all rijeht. but there are men about
him -who ought to be got rid of as quickly as
possible. " '
N. W. T., by a Minneapolis detective.
Alabama Negro Lynched.
GENEVA, Ala., . May. -.6.— An unknown
negro was lynched three -miles from here
yesterday for assaulting a twelve-year-old
Colombian; Rebels Said to Have the
Nucleus of a Navy. '.
KINGSTON. ; Jamaica/ May. 6.— News re
ceived from Colombia to-day by the Brit
ish steamer JUrato, Captain Powles, says
the Colombian Government is consider:
ably exercised', over, "-'a report that the
rebels have * purchased 'a, torpedo ' boat
from Germany,, and . expect soon to attack
Cabanilla, Department • of Bolivar, near
the mouth of the Magdalena River: .
- . , • ' . ¦ ¦ ¦' .•¦'¦•
Captured by a Detective.
MINN—AfoLIS. Minn.. May 6.—Geb
hardt Bongaard, the defaulting Treasurer
of Carver County. ; who disappeared' on
February 14. was to-day capturedat Olds,
BXTS" A TORPEDO BOAT.
SALT LAKE. Utah, May 6.— The day at
Scofleld has been comparatively quiet.
Memorial services were held in the Mor
mon meeting house, and also at' the. Odd
Fellows' Hall, both of which were presid
ed over by apostles of the Mormon
church.
In. this city seven victims of' the mine
disaster were burled to-day. In all the
churches collections were taken up for
the sufferers," and further- 1 arrangements
perfected . for raising additional funds.
Several donations from outside points
have been added to the general relief fund
during the day..
Memorial Services Held by. Mormons
and Special Collections Taken
.. . in: Churches.
FUNERALS OF VICTIMS
OF SCOFIELD DISASTER
and-, contingents of the Yeomanry and
mounted infantry,' succeeded In reaching
them with his artillery and forcing them
to .leave their, position. The Yeomanry
are making a long detour in pursuit. The
result is not -known here.
(From the Spear.)
A Native Runner .: Eluding" a " Boer Sentinel
LONDON, May C— The War . Office has published - the ; fol
lowing dispatch from Lord Roberts, dated Vet^ River, Sat
urday,' May 5, 7:15 p.m.: \
"I marched here to-day with Pole-Carew's. division.
Headquarters and Wa veil's brigade of the Seventh : Di
vision are two miles In the rear. Maxwell's- brigade of :. the
same division is the same distance to our 'right. , The enemy
are in considerable strength on the opposite /bank of Uhe river.
Our guns engaged theirs for some three hours without our. being;
able to force a passage of the - river, but before dusk
the mounted Infantry -under General* Hutton turned;, the-ene
my's right and in a very dashing manner pushed' across the
river under heavy sheir and .musketry fire. >
"We are now bivouacking for, the night within three miles
of Vet River. Our casualties, I hope, are not numerous." ;,Ham
llton.was In action yesterday -and '-succeeded ;". in 'preventing a
Junction of two Boer forces by a' well ''"executed movement, by
some of the Household, Cavalry,> the 'Twelfth ; Lancers and
Kitchener's HorseA who" charged a body of the enemy and -in
flicted serious loss. .' :, - ,- . : ¦ ' '
"The : enemv fled, lp-avlne their dead on th« field and their
"-^unded. to be' attended by our. doctors. .
"MacDonald*" -Highland Brigade dislodged the enemy on the
right flank under. cover. of ; tne , naval guns, in which operation
the Black Watch distinguished themselves and were very suc
cessfully ,led. Hamilton ".was advancing this morning. to a "dif
ficult .drift over the Kleinoet \River. . ' .. " :- J -
- ;VHunter- reports; that Barton's brigade was heavily engaged
this morning two miles north -of . Rooidam. .The enemy's % po
sition was | quite four miles ¦ long and stro/igly held.- He • states
that our men marched magnificently < and carried ridge after
ridge in grand '' style. Casualties " In • this v force, • In Hamilton's
and Hunter's. will be reported as soon as possible.*.^. „ •'¦.,;. '•
:' 7 "Captain MUleryvwho ,was taken! prisoner near Thaba; Nchu.
has been sent to Ruridle's Camp by j the [enemy S/with"- a severe
wound ; in his ; abdomen., Brabant reports that one sergeant and
three men^ were captured ¦: on i May! 2. while; on ; patrol; and ".that
"one , of 5 them, who had , been £ brutally 111 * treated \ and ' lef? <¦* for
cipad.by. the, Boers,; was found Hhe following day. -
A'" "Lieutenant ' Llley.,, Victoria Mounted } Kines, ¦: reported -miss-;.
Ing, twas; found at Brandfort -j dangerously/, wounded and has
beea i most: carefully attended" by the* Netherland ambulance."
ROBERTS REPORTS DRIVING
BACK THE BOERS.
FORMER CONGRESSMAN
V . CULBERSON DEAD
Served Several Terms in the ILower
House and Was a Prominent
Constitutional Lawyer.
JEFFERSON*. Tex.. May 7.—Ex-Con
gressman David B. Culberswn, father of
Knited States Senator C. A. Culberson ©£
Texas, died this morning shortly after 13
o'clock. He had been suffering from la
grippe and for the last two of three days
was unconscious at intervals.
Ex-Congressman Culberson served ««v
eral. terms as a Democrat In th© lower
House of the national Legislature, and
was at one time a prominent candidata
for tho Speakership.
He was for a long time chairman of the
Judiciary Committee of th© Hous© &n4
was regarded as one of the best conatitu>
tional lawyers in public life.
m
Hall Collision in France.
PARIS, May 7.— In a railway collision
last evening on the Western Railway, be
tween Sevres and Chavllle. thirty-elghU
persons were Injured, three seriously.
The Brest express, filled mostly with sol
diers and sailors, was derailed. Another
train overtook the express and before tha
driver had time to draw up th© collision
occurred, smashing, the guards* van and
several carriages Into matchwood.
Foundry Strike Ended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AKROX. Ohio. May 6.— J. F. Valentin*
of San Francisco, first vice president ot
the Molders'. International . Union oS
America, succeeded In effecting a tempo
rary settlement of the trouble In tho
foundries of this city and the men who
have begn on a strike several days will
return to work in the morning.
Brought Home for Burial.
. NET/ YORK. May 6.— The army trans-»
port Buford arrived In quarantine to
night from Havana, having on t> "the
body of Mrs. J. H. Wilson, which was
accompanied by General Wilson and the
Misses Wilson. The body will be shipped,
to Wilmington, Del., for burial.
Murder Ends a Fsud.
KNOXVILLE. Tenn., May 6.-At Chll
howle Park this afternoon. In the pres
ence of a large gathering of people. Rufus
F. Beard fired three shots into the heart
of- George Turner. The tragedy ended an
old feud.
Slain by Mexican Bandits.
CORDOVA, Mexico, May 6.— Gordon
Cook, a wealthy planter, was attacked
and killed by Mexican • bandits, one of
whom has been captured, tried and sent
to prison. Cook was formerly a promi
nent resident of Eagle Pass, Texas.
RABBI HERTZ DECLARES THE
TRANSVAAL IS AN OLIGARCHY
. ...; ;¦¦; -I >
NEWv YORK. - May 6.— Dr. Joseph H. Hertz, who was rabbi of the Wlt
watersrand Hebrew Congregational Church of Johannesburg until last
December, when he was expelled from the -Transvaal by President
Kruger, arrived here on the steamer Etruria to-day.
VI went to the Transvaal a strong pro-Boer," said he. "and I spoke
on many a public occasion In favor of the Transvaal Government, but an In
sight Into the Transvaal methods and an acquaintance with the leading offi
cials within the .Transvaal and the Free State, as well as my personal ex
perience while trying to remove the obnoxious religious disabilities under
which the Catholics and the Jews suffer, gradually compelled me to see that
the Transvaal Is not a republic, but rather an oligarchy, , mlsgoverried on
strictly mediaeval* principles.
"At'the" Ultlander meeting at Johannesberg on July tS. 1S3S, I uttered
these words: 'Let President Kruger demand of the Catholic Inhabitant, of
the Jewish inhabitant, of the State, everything -he has a rlsht to demand of
his own burghers. We would give up everything. Willingly, joyfully, would
we sacrifice everything with the exception of our faith, our principles, our
ttruth and our honor, and, we will not sacrifice our fallh and our honor, be
cause the heroes of Holland and the sturdy men who have presided at the
birth of this republic have not taught „ us that by sacriflcing those (hings we
would become worthy members <of the Transvaal republic*
: "For. this sentiment I was called upon to apologize. I was ordered to with
draw It. I refused, and although an American citizen, I was expelled."
Postoffice Department's Report on
Alleged Cheating in the Weigh
ing of Mail.
WASHINGTON, May 6.— In reply to an
Inquiry from .Chairman Loud of the
House Postofflce Committee the Second
Assistant Postmaster General has sent
him a letter relative to a fraud alleged to
have been practiced in connection with
the weighing of the mails in ISM and to
the general subject of the possibility of
such attempted frauds becoming: effective.
The compensation received by railroad
companies for carrying the malls is de
termined by the character of the service
performed, the facilities furnished and
the average daily weight of mail carried.
Special reference Is made to Mr. Freech
tig. who, in 1SD8. claimed to have knowl
edge of frauds In connection with mall
weighing. He was requested to furnish
information that would enable the depart
ment to locate the route and persons in
volved. The Information desired was not
then disclosed by Freechtig.^ Later, on
November 2. 1839. Freechtig submitted an
affidavit and a letter, in which the only
specific allegation that could be used by
the department was that he participated
In an attempt to Illegitimately Increase
the weight of the mails passing. over a
Colorado route. Th© 250 pounds, of mail,
if sent as claimed, when reduced to a
daily average, says the letter, could have
no effect on the compensations. His claim
that the Government was defrauded, in
the sum of ten million dollars a year by
the effect of frauds in weighing Is char
acterized as extravagant and entirely
groundless. In conclusion It Is stated that
Freechtig did not give any Information
to sustain his claim, although he was as
sured that the department was anxious
to obtain evidence of any such fact.
» .
Taylor Summoned to Washington.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 6.— Governor
Taylor left this evening for Washington
In response to a telegraphic request from
the national capital. One of Taylor's at
torneys said the visit probably would ex
tend over the greater part of thl3 week.
FAILED TO "OBTAIN
EVIDENCE OF FRAUD
VET RIVER. May 6.— Yesterday the
nritish. after a long march, encountered
the Boers holding Vet River with, six guns,
two being of long range. An artil'ery
duel ensued.
General Pole-Carew started at daybreak
yesterday on a nineteen mile inarch. He
first came in contact with Boers holding
the river at 1 o f clock p. m. The British
poor, had two batteres In action and later
added two navai nine-pounders and
two five-Inch siege guns.
The Boers fired with great accuracy and
the duel continued unabated "with a terri
ble din, until sunset, and even later there
was a desultory flrir.fr. It is marvelous
that nobody on the British Hide was In
jured.
General Hutton started early to find the
drift on the west. When this was discov-
worla as fit only for savages, yet I s have now
in my poftResFlon three unexploded dum-dums
that I picked up on top of Splon Kop in the
trenches that had been occupied by the British
troops, and I have also two exploded dum-dum
bullets that were given me by a surgeon as he
extracted them from the bodies of two dead
Boers.
Numerous have been the Instances of British
cruelty In the battlefields of South Africa, such
as the abuse of the white flae and the flrlns'
u:»on the Red Cross. And the conduct of the
British troops, especially the Lancers, has no
parallel In modern warfare.
Encland has no right to peddle us around
through Europe as the tall to her kite.
•T!*u'» McKinleyism!" shouted a man in the
audience.
"McKInley*« all right," answered Mr. Davis.
He Is a patriot, one of the common Dsoule,
like Lincoln, and the effort on the part of the
British sympathizers to connect him with the
ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE
THE PRESIDENT OF ECUADOR
— : *:
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900,
by the Herald Publishing Company.
PANAMA, May 6.— The Herald's correspondent In Guayaquil, Ecuador, re
ports that an unsuccessful and cowardly attempt to assassinate Presi
dent Eloy Alfaro of the republic has been made. The would-be as-
Fasrin has been captured. This has been the third attempt to assas
sinate General Alfaro. The first occurred In 18S3, when he was a revolu
tionary leader. He escaped unhurt. The second was in 1S37. after he had;be
corne President of Ecuador. The conspiracy was discovered in Quito. It was
said that ceveral priests were implicated. The ringleaders were arrested and
mI Ge S neral Alfaro was born In Monte Crist!. Ecuador. In 1S43. His parents
¦were wealthy. "When he became of age he was, concerned in revolutionary
schemes which failed. Then he went to Panama. He was a leading figure In
several other revolutions, and in 1878 he was banished from Ecuador. He re
turned in 1S79 and participated In another revolution. He was captured and
sent to prison. Upon being pet free General Alfaro went to Panama., After
having led several other revolutionary, movements he finally triumphed and
entered Quito in September, 1S35. He was elected President, and in 1838. he
assumed a dictatorship over the country- /
at Delagoa Bay after a dangerous jour
ney.
The Volksraad will meet In Pretoria to
day. Probably the sitting will be mem
orable.
The Johannesburg 6heII factory has re-
Fumed work with Austrian, Italian and
Greek workmen.
BRITONS FIGHT THEIR
V/AY OVER VET RIVER
Chamberlain has attempted to dominate and
dictate In their internal affairs. Just as George
III Interfered in the affairs pf the Colonies.
Indeed. England has trodden truth under foot
and trampled honor and irood faith in the dUEt.
And were she to conquer the Boers there is no
doubt in the world that they would be com
pelled to 6uffer as the people of Ireland have
suffered for centuries. British cruelty is pro
verbial.
Durin* the battle of the Tucela. Stiver 2000
lyddite shells fell among- the Boers, and though
at The Hague convention dum-dum bullets were
condemned by representatives, of the civilized
NEW YORK, May 6.— Webster Davis,
former Assistant Secretary of the Inte
rior, spoke at a meeting at the Academy
of Music to-n;^ht. held under the auspices
of the New York committee to aid the
South African republics. He said in part:
The great masses of our people do sympa
thize with the *Boers. They stand for liberty,
for clviMzHiir.n. for Belf-eovernment and for
peace. Every effort should b* put forth by
them to bring this unholy war In South Africa
to a close. We cannot as American freemen
whose ancestors risked their lives for freedom
and Independence withhold our eympathlea from
the farmers of the Transvaal.
Mcthuen are operating- on either side of
the Vaal River in conjunction with Lord
Roberts' army.
From Lourenzo Marques comes various
rumors that Colonel Pluraer has been re
inforced end Is again advancing toward
Mafeking.
Another report eays Mafeklng has been
relieved ayid General Lomxncr, with 3000
Boers, captured at Fourteen Streams.
Women have been placed in the Govern
ment offices In the Transvaal In order to
relieve the burghers for active service.
Two New South Wales Lancers who es
caped from "Waterval prison have arrived
DAVIS ACCUSES BRITONS
OF BARBAROUS WARFARE
According to a dispatch to the Dally
Mail from Cape Town, a special expedi
tion to the westward left Kimberley a few
days ago and will endeavor to relieve
MaJeking. while General Hunter and Lord
-?
LONDON', May 7.— The troops which I
Lord Roberts led out from pieasant ]
quarters around Bloemfontein a j
few days ago have taken a great ;
eprir.g forward, which has brought j
Them almost at a single bound at least ¦
within striking distance of V.'inburs:. if '
rot already within Its grates. The Boers :
were forced to evacuate their positions a; j
Brandfort without making serious effort !
to hold them, and on Saturday evening i
Lord Roberts reported that he himself \
had reached Vet River, a few miles south- j
e-ast of Winburg, on the main road from ;
Bloemfomeln. The passage was stoutly >
contested for eome hours, but toward j
fiusk General Hutton and his mounted in- '
fantry turned the ripht flank of the enemy i
«nd forced their way across the river in !
the face of a heavy fire.
Meanwhile smart fighting had been go
fng on along practically the whole widely
extended British front ranks. General
Hamilton, who It will be remembered
foupht his way north from Thaba Nchu,
thrust himself between two Boer com
mandos that were endeavoring to join
forces. The Household Cavalry. Twelfth
Lancers and Kitchener's Horso had the
polden opportunity for whioh they have l
l^rig waited cf charging a body of Boers
in the oi'on. Such chances have been
few in this company. Those Boers who
UU lived this flrst lesson In the shock of j
nrtion of the British cavalry broke and
fled, leaving a number of dead and
uuuuflcd on the ground. General Hamil
ton v.as able to push on toward a drift
on the Little Vet River, which Is de
prrib< d by Lord Roberts as difficult, and It
is clear that this force was acting: as the
r-xtrerr.p ripht win?: of the British army.
General Macdonald's brigade, which was
nhso a/ting on the right, dislodged the
Boers from a group of kopjes under cover
cf the naval puns.
Of eiual Interest is the news which
come? of General Hunter's operations on
the extreme left He crossed Vaal River
at WirxiFortori on Friday, and pushing 1
ahead found ;he Boers in strength near
Rlndam:
The brunt of the fighting fell on General
Barton's union brigade. The Fusiliers car
ried ridfr* after ridge over a front of four
roflrs and drove the enemy before them.
To the north the Imperial Yeomanry
'"fcaFfd the Boors for some miles, while
at Warrenton yesterday General Paget's
Jirigarje moved to force a passage of the
Vaal.
A Boer account of the capture of Brand
fort saj-s: 'The Federal forces, although
weak in numbers, offered strong resist
ance, but they were forced by the over
whelming force opposed to them to evac
uate the town."
General Hunter's progress, although
slow, is satisfactory. The idea that the
relief of Maf eking Is in sight, however,
appears -to have been premature, as the
Boers in th;:t quarter are still stoutly re-
Eistincr the British advance.
(•red it proved to be strongly held . and
protected by two guns. The British
speedily the Beers, who enfiladed
rho dismounted firing line with a Maxim.
but General Ilutton pushed forward to a
h5gh pompon a "d forced the Boers to
icave the river bed. The encounter was
terribly hot. Later the whole British force
crossed the river, threatening the Boer
right.
The Doers must have received about the
same time r.ews of General Hamilton's
occupation of Winburg. .
About sunset a detachment of twenty
six Australians, who had crept un
seen toward the river bed. found them
telves near a kopje occupied Ly the Boers.
After firing they fixed bayonets and
charged, capturing the kopje. All was
ione on their own initiative.
Thus r.ight fell. Early this morning it
nas discovered that the i^hole Boer force
lad fled.
General Hutton during the night got two
¦:quadrons to blow up the line near Swald
set.
The British discovered at every hundred
yards along rtie railroad concealed small
packets of high explosives. The Boers
tiad destroyed three bridges over spruits
)elween here and Brandfort, but in every
:ase it was possible to make a detour.
The Boers appear to be fighting with
tiuch less spirit. It is reported that they
ire commanded by General Lucas Meyer,
rhe bridge over the Ve^ River Is com
pletely destroyed.
General Hutton captured a Maxim and
took twelve prisoners.
BARTON DRIVES BOERS
FROM HILLY POSITIONS
U'ARREKTON, May €.— Yesterday Gen
eral Barton drove from 2000 to 3000 Boers
from hilly positions at Rooidan, where
they awaited them. They retreated after
hard fighting, leaving a number of dead
on the field. The British casualties were
slight. General Barton is still pursuing.
"Windsorton and Klipdam have been
evacuated.
General Paget's brigade is attacking tho
Boer positions at Warrenton. , The en-
S-njrement yesterday was severe, and last
ed from 9 Jn the morning 1 until 4 In the
evening. More than once the British ln
far.try were obliged to engage. the Boers
at close quarter**, and the Boers only re
tired when their retreat was nearly cut
3ff.
The British losses were five killed and
twenty-flve wounded, mostly Welsh Fu
siiiers. The British took a batch of pris
oners, including the Swedish ambulance,
which they allowed to return. The Boers,
In their hurry left thirteen dead.
Then General Paget made a strong dem
onstration against the Boer position east
of the ridge, thereby preventing Boer re
inforcements going to assist In checking
General Barton's advance.
Household Cavalry, Lancers and Kitchener's
Horse Put Eurghers to Flight in the Open.
Mafeking's Fate Yet in Doubt
After Fiercely Contesting* Progress
of the British Troops the Re
publican Forces Retire.
ROBERTS CONTINUES TO
DRIVE BACK BOERS
FROM KOPJES.
NEW YORK, May 6.-A fire that
started at the river end of the
Mallory Line Steamship pier jit,
the foot of aiaidenlane and the
Kast River early this morning
completely destroyed the pier and Its
valuable contents. The" police place the
loss at $1,000,000. Several barges v.h'.ch
were moored near tlte pier were also de
stroyed and many rescues of their cap
tains and cf the members of the families
on board were made. One life was lost.
The nine-month-old daughter of Captain
Charles Lochs of the barge Sherwood was
drowned.
The Mallory line pier was 200 feet Ions
and 60 feet wide. /The pier was filled with
valuable freight, mostly cotton. On the
north side of the pier were moored a
number of coal and cotton barges, while
on the south side was the steamer San
Marcos and a number of barges.
No sooner had the work of fighting the
flames begun than the firemen turned
their attention to saving the lives of
those on the barges which were lying
within the line of danger. Nearest to the
pier was the barge Stephen B. Elklns.
Her captain. Frank Ford, and his wife,
his three-month-old daughter and a baby
were on board and sleeping. A skid was
quickly run from the pier to the coal
barge, the occupants of the boat were
awakened and were hurried from their
bunks to a place of • safety before the
flames had them.
On board the barge Sherwood were
Charles LQchs, the captain, 38 years. old:
his wife. lienna, 30 years old. and their
daughter, Rosie, 9 months old.
.The Lochs family was awakened by the
flames. Their barge was already on flre
at the time that they were aroused from
sleep. . The father took the nine-month
old baby in his arms, and with his wife
jumped into the water. Timothy Boyle,
formerly in command of the barge New
Brunswick, whose home is at Rondout,
N. Y.. plunged In to save the woman,
who _had become exhausted. Her hus
band, who still held the baby in his arms,
saw that his wife was on the point of
going down. It ( became a question to him
as to which he should save, his wife or
baby. He therefore let the baby go in the
hope that she would be picked up by some
one else and went to the assistance of his
wife. He managed to hold her head above
water, until Boyle reached . v iem. All three
A MILLION-DOLLAR FIRE
AT THE PIER OF THE
MALLORY LINE.
Wharf and Offices of the Company
Destroyed and Much Damage
Done to Shipping.
Occupants of Blazing Barges Jump Into East
River, and One Captain Is Compelled to
Let His Child Drown to Save His Wife.
Trcre then landed by life lines. The half
drowned captain ar.i h!3 wife -were re««
moved to the ~ Hudson-street Hospital.
They recovered.
On the coal barge H. II. Hand, which
lay alongside the other burning bonres.
were the captain. Joseph Plumb, his wifa
and two children. All -were rescued by
the police. Patrolman Jeremiah Cronln
was badly burned v/hi!o taking one o«
the children ashore. All hands on board
the lighter ¦ Arno got ashore safely.
Michael SheMcn,of that boat was com
pelled to jump Into the river, from whicli
lie was rescued.
: Three large vessels were lying: so near
the blazing p!er rhat their safety was en
dangered. They were the steamer San
Marcos and the steamer Neucea, which
were towed out Into midstream, and the
bark St. James, the rigging of which was
burned before she" could be got out of
harm's vay.
The scene on the water was a most ex
citing one. The river was filled with
steamer craft engaged in towing the va
rious vessels and barges .to places of
safety. Four cotton barges, others laden
¦with cornmeal and some loaded with coal
caught flre and were destroyed. Some of
them were also sunk to prevent the fur
ther spread of the flames.
A number of buildings on South street
¦were scorched and several were emptied
of their tenants, who feared that the
buildings would bo burned.
Henry Mallory said regarding the flre:
"I have no idea how the fire started
and I can form no adequate Idea, of tho
loss. The entire pier is destroyed, to
gether with the offices and other buildings
on the bulkhead. My brother, Charles,
sailed for Europe ten days ago and ha
will remain abroad two months, notwith
standing- this catastrophe. I cannot tell
what our immediate plan3 will be or when
we shall begin to build. Our books and
other documents were destroyed and I
cannot say anything about the Insurance
at present. The only positive Informa
tion that I can give at present Is that
fortunately at the time of the fire there
was not the usual amount of freight on
the pier, as the Comal sailed af 3 p. m.
Saturday and cleared up most of tho
overflow. I positively cannot fix th«
origin of the flre, give the amount of
damage or approximate the amount of
the Insurance." ,
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 7, ; ;1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— XO. 168.
HOW THE NEWS COMES FROM MAFEKING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.7- As neat as a. pin and as complete as can
be. Everything for -use-in our
artists' material,' department. Oil, water
color, china and poker etching outfits com
plete. Sanborn,.yail &Co.; 711 Market. ;?
SACRAMENTO. May 6/-R.. L. Flynn,
connected with one of the midway attrac
tions at the carnival, la under arrest
charged with petty embezzlement.. It iii
alleged that he held out a good portion of
S78 that was taken in at the box office yes
terday. . . - - /?""
Charged With Embezzlement.
JAPANESE COOLIES
REPLACING THE CHINESE
NEW YORK. May 7.— Addresslne: the
Central Federated I'nlon. Samuel Gom
per«, president of the American'Federa
tion of La.bor. spoke of the Importation
of Japanese coolie labor. He declared that
Japanese coolies were taking the place of
tue Chinese, who had been excluded.
"No restriction." he said "is placed
upon the Japanese, and as a result they
are coming into tnis country In droves.
It 1* pretty near time something is done
In this matter, as the first thing you
know we will be overrun with cheap Jap
anese labor, which will supplant yours as
th* Chinese attempted to do."
Mr. Gompers will address a meeting of
the striking cigar makers to-day, and
afterward 'he will place himself in a posi
tion in regard to the injunction to bring
about his arrest.
Suspect Arrested.
LOS ANGELES, May 6.— The police
have arrested a man named Manuel Su
pulveda on suspicion of being one of the
footpads who have been so Industriously
holding np people In this city lately. A
man who was held up several weeks agj
on -Main Btrt-et identifies Supulveda as the
man who held him up. There are several
other suspects under arrest.
Killed by a Train.
'SANTA CRUZ. May 6.— This morning
the horribly mutilated remains of a man
trere found in the narrow-gauge tunnel
near this city. He Is *unpoged to have
been run over by a train last evening. The
body waa eo completely «llMn«»mbere<J that
identification Is impossible. In the pock
et of his clothing wer*j found clippings
from & religious Juornat .
SAYS HEPBURN SHOULD
RUN WITH M'KINLEY
LOS ANGELES. May 6.-The Times of
this city.. edited by Major General H. G.
Otis, will editorially present to-morrow
morning the name of Congressman Wil
liam P. Hepburn of Iowa as a running
mate for William McKinley on the Re
publican ticket. General Otis has him
self been mentioned as' a Vice Presidential
possibility. He is a warm personal friend
of President McKinley.
The editorial says:. "Mr. Hepburn Is a
veteran representative in Congres. with
years of experience and a good name: he
Is chairman of the House Committee on
the Nicaragua Canal.
"He was leader in achieving the superb
and far-reaching victory won by the na
tional House, only last week, when the
canal bill was passed
"Mr. Hepburn has had a large and pow
erful hand in the all-important Initiatory
work of pushing the canal bill through
the House of Representatives against all
opposition; he has proved himself a staver
and a statesman.^ Why, then. Is he kot
first-class timber for Vice President?"
DR. EASTON EXPLAINS.
WASHINGTON, May 6.-The Rev. D*-
Chalmers Easton made a statement to his
congregation at the close of his sermon
to-night i. with Preference to the suit fo?
slander instituted against him by Olea
Nethersole. the actress. _ He said- 8 ¦
"When I quoted the words 'lewd act
ress. 1 . In sneaking. of Miss Nethersole in
the role o/Sapho.'.I had reference not to
her personal character, of which I have
no knowledge, but to the character* of
thejole she. is playing. I had not the
slightest, intention of denouncing Miss
Nethcrsole's. personal character, but that
of the persons she impersonated, involv
ing., as_it does, a widespread and pernic
ious, Influence upon society.'-
Fostofflce Robbed.
- BENICIA. I, May « 6.-When Postmaster
James, Clyne opened his office this morn-
Ing he discovered that It had been visited
durlngUhe night by robbers. The front
office safe, which had been left open, was
not disturbed. The : safe In the rear of
the office , had ; been drilled into, but for
some I cause was abandoned, probably^the
robbers "-being, disturbed by the night
watchman. • They rifled the desk In the
front office and.took about $50 and a' re
volver. > No stampa are misslne.
MANILA, May: ".-General P«ntelon
Garcia, the highest' insurgent officer ex
cept Aguinaldo, wa.i captured yesterday
by Lieutenant E. P. Smith of .General
Funston's 'staff in the town of Jaen. three
miles northeast of San Isidro, province of
New . Kcija. . -
• Garcia personally directed the guerrilla
operations, and General Funston, had
spent weeks in trying to capture him, sev
erar companies beating: the whole coun
try at night. Often the Americans caught
messengers bearing Garcla's orders. The
people protected', him and ; burned signal
lishts whenever American soldiers ap
peared. ¦ , - '<¦'.,. ' , ¦>. ¦ '¦•'—¦-•
Recently General Funston surprised him
and his staff while dining at Arayat at
dusk. > The Filipinos Heaped the
windows and escaped, leaving their pa
pers and everything- except the-clothine
they wore. The strain of ¦ being * hunted
iinally 1 exhausted, their : endurance. ' Gen
eral Funston.. who came to r Manila to .bid
farewell '• to General ' Otis, will . return and
endeavor, to - persuade ; Garcia " to - secure
the , surrender of ' his forces, ¦; which . num
ber several thousand.' Most of them live
in the mountains.:" ; . , . ¦ ..
>'Jaen Is -the largest ;ungarrlsoned~ town
In: the. province.;- Spies. reported that Gar
cia' was sick and had been compelled to
hide "there," and .Lieutenant Smith, : with
Lieutenant iDayt and forty '¦> cavalrymen;
surrounded the town. "The spies led them
dlrectlv % to \ tha \ house i where i Garcia!, waa
Staff Lieutenant Captures
Pantelon Garcia Near
San Isidro.
General Funston Hopes to Induce the
Prisoner to Surrender His Army
of Severar Thousand
Men.
NOTED TAGALO
LEADER TAKEN
BY AMERICANS
disguised as a peasant, only a major and
two servants being with him. They also
were ; captured. • . '
Garcia commanded all the Insurgents In
Central Luzon, several generals. Includ
ing PIo del Pilar and Mascardo, being
under him. 4
ftpodal Dl«p«tph to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA. May 7. — Captain
Campbell of the British steamer Tenby,
which arrived to-day from Port Said,
brings an account of wreckage passed at
eea which Is causing gTeat anxiety among
Fhlppingr men.
The captain believes a terrible maritime
disaster has occurred Involving the loss
of a big Atlantic liner.
There were steamer chairs and other
fine furniture not generally carried by
freight steamer*. Night closed In as the
Tenby resumed her voyage.
IHscovery Was Made- at Nightfall
and the Captain Was Unable to
Ascertain the Name of
the Vessel.
The British Steamer Tenby
Passed Quantities of
Wreckage.
FEARS THAT
A BIG LINER HAS
FOUNDERED
LONDON, May 6.— The Colonial Office
has received the following dispatch from
Sir Frederick Mitchell Hodgson. Governor
and commander in chief of Gold Coast
Colony, dated Kumassie, April. 27:
"The situation, I regret to inform you,
ha* charged for the worse. On April 23
a force- was sent to clear the rebel force
to the eastward. Four members of the
constabulary were killed and a large num
ber of the rebels were killed or wounded.
"On April 25 the Ashantis surrounded
the town in groat force, probably 10,000.
and made a determined attack. The Uus
s»ars were obliged to evacuate the canton
ment and to concentrate around thu fort
1 he engagement lasted four hours Twen'
ty of our native allies and two Hussars
wore killed.
••The present occupants of the fort
number ;{T>S. Including? eiRhtcen Europeans
t-ix of whom are missionaries. It Is neces
sary that further reinforcements be sent
to the Gold Coast."
Sir Frederick Hodgson, under date of
April CO. telegraphed:
•'Yesterday a serious attack was made
on the fort by the rebels, but they were
routed on all sides with great loss. Two
members of the constabulary were killed
end ten wounded.
"A contingent of Lagcn constabulary,
under Inspector-General Aplln. has ar
rived after two days' severe lighting The
column was attacked at Asagui, which
was taken with the loss of one killed and
twenty-three I wounded, among them Ap
lln. slightly.
•"On tho following, day the contingent
was attacked two miles from Kumassie
by 8000 rebels. There was great loss in
taking the stockade across the road. Sev
eral Ashantis there had arms of precision
After desperate fighting. the Ashantis fled
Two members of the constabulary were
killed and thirteen wounded, including As
sistant Inspector Read. Have been un
able to send letters or telegrams through."
Under date of May 3 Sir Frederick
Hodgson wired that the rebels were
ramped eastward, and that he made a
demonstration the previous day with two
guns, inflicting great loss. One of the na
tive auxiliaries was killed.
The colonial office announces that In ad
dition to the Lrfgon constab'ularv rein
forcements have been sent to Sir Freder
ick Hodgson from the Sierra Leone
frontier police and from the West African
frontier police. In Northern and Southern
British Governor Reports Continued
Fighting With Considerable Losses
and Appeals for Further
Reinforcements.
Ten Thousand Ashantis At
tack the Gold Coast
Town.
GARRISON OF
KUMASSIE IN
DIRE STRAITS
WEEK'S FORECAST IN >.
SENATE AND HOUSE
Teller Will Press His Boer Sympathy
Resolution to an Early
Vote.
WASHINGTON. May 6.— Routine busi
ness probably will occupy the greater part
of the. Senate's attention during the pres
ent week. The resolution offered by Toller
expressing sympathy for the Boers and a
desire that the Government extend both
to. Great Britain and the South African
republics its friendly offices in bringing
the toresent war to a close will be called
up to-morrow. It is the intention of tho
Colorado Senator to pres3 his resolution
to an early vote. It probably will be re
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Rela
tions, but Teller will insist that it be re
ported in some form at an early date.
Halo, either to-morrow or Tuesday, will
bring forward the naval appropriation
bill and very likely the greater part of the
week will be devoted to its discussion.
With the latitude of debate allowed under
the Senate rules, it is. quite probable that
Senators will disouss the Boer resolution,
the Philippine question and other matters
relirtlng to the foreign affairs of the Gov
ernment, while the naval bill is ijnder
consideration.
The attention of the Housn will bo oc
cupied with various miscellaneous mat
ters, except such time as may be devoted
to the consideration of conference reports
on appropriation bill?, which will be given
the right of way. The desire for an ad
journment early in June make* it abso
lutely necessary to expedite the supply
bills. The most important piece of gen
eral legislation to be acted upon during
the week will bo the amended Senate bill
to amend tho general pension laws. This
Is known as the G. A. It. bill.- . The prin
cipal changes it purposes to make in ex
isting laws are provisions for aggregating
disabilities and equalizing ratings ami to
increase the limit of income of widows
pensionable under the act of 1890 to $50.
This bill will be placed upon Its passage
to-morrow under suspension of the rules.
The bill appropriating $1,000,000 for the ml-
Htia of the several States also may be
called up under suspension of the rules.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
REUNION AT SAN RAFAEL
After Attending/ Mass in St. Ra
phael's Church Delegates Are
Handsomely Entertained.
Special pUxwtchi to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 6.— Two hundred
delegates from Santa Rosa Council, Y. M.
I., St. Vincpnt'B Council No. 9 of Peta
luma and Sonoma Valley Council of So
noma assembled In Hall Rafael 'here, to
day, the occasion being the first annual
reunion of the :Young Men's Institute
councils of. Marin and Sonoma counties. •»
After, solemn high, mass had been cele
brated in St. Raphael's Church by Kev.
father Sullivan, the councils held a
meeting in the Y, M. 1 Hall.. 'while the
ladies who -accompanied the delegates
were entertained by the Ladies' Aid So
ciety. ¦
Tiift meeting resulted in Santa Rosa be
ing chosen for the next reunion. Delegates
Keegan of Santa Rosa extended an invita
tion to all on -behalf of his city. The dele
gates then banqueted In Hall- Rafael.
Emmet -Hayden, president .of, St. Ra
phael's Council,- acted as toastmaster. - |
It is expected that fully 3t)0 delegates
will be present at the Grand Council to be
held here In August. '.'
Cutter Bear Sails. ?¦¦ \ •
SEATTLE, Wash.,' May 6.— The-. United
States revenue cutter Bear^sailed for
Alaska to-day. 1 Among her 'passengers
are Dr. Sheldon Jackson,, Special; Treas
ury'Agent Evans and i Colonel Wright
Collector of Customs for St. Michael; also
four 'Indians who; testified in the Homer
Bird murder case who live near. St. Mi
chael and who will be taken on as pas
sengers at Sitka. The Bear goes north
laden with supplies, which will be given to
the Point Barrow Indians as a reward, for
their services in aiding the Bear expedi
tion during its . efforts to rescue the
whalers.' ; • -' . ¦ • .•¦ '
FRENCH NATIONALISTS
MAKE GREAT GAINS
Result of the Elections a Serious
Blow to Republicans and
Radicals. i-?*'*'-i
PARIS, May. 7.— Although it was fully
recognized that the Nationalists Intended
to make a determined fight In all the
wards of Paris on the occasion of the mu
nicipal elections held yesterday through
out France, it was never seriously con
templated that their efforts would be
i crowned with such success as Is shown
! by the results, which must be recognized
*as dealing- a serious blow to the Repub
licans and Radicals.
The results show fifty definite elections
in Paris. In thirty wards. second ballots
will be necessary. The Nationalists have
gained eight seats, five from the Repub
! licans and three from the Radicals. The
! successful candidates include MM. Gaa
i ton-Mery, Galli, Le Pellleter and Ran
slere.
The Republicans have secured eight
seats, including seven members of the
old council; the Radicals and Radical So
cialists ten and the Conservatists eight.
In wards where second ballots are nec
essary nie Nationalists obtained the most
votes in eleven cases, but the total votes
polled by their competitors waa higher
than the number obtained by them.
and kissed him twice upon the cheek.
The Crown Prince then kissed the Em
peror's hand, after which the ceremony
came to an end with the singing of the
old Holland hymn, "William of Nassau."
Outside in the Lustgarten the First Life
Guard Field Artillery gave a salute of
twenty-one guns and the entire congrega
tion slowly filed out of the chapel to re
assemble in the famous White Hall, there
to be presented to the Cr*own Prince.
Among those tendering congratulations
special prominence attaches to the Presi
dents of the Senate of Luebeck. Bremen
and Hamburg, and also to the representa
tives of the municipality of Berlin, who
presented a magnificently executed ad
dress. ' . . * >
Emperor Francis Joseph has appointed
the Crown Prince to be chief of a Hussar
regiment.
He also presented to the Crown Prince
a tine portrait of himself as a Russian
field marshal. ¦
By virtue of yesterday's ceremony the
Crown Prince has acquired the capacity
to succeed to the throne if, from any
reason, the throne becomes vacant, and
he can now claim a suitable allowance
from the crown funds. He has. also be
come Governor of • Pomerania and Prince
of Oels. a post- carrying large revenues.
The Berlin press to-day publishes an
pnormous quantity of material about me
Crown Prince, biographical and otherwise,
describing him as a "most sympathetic
youth," as "earnest, unaffected, modest."
and as "filled with a strong sense of duty
and sound In body and soul."
At 7 p. m. began the gala dinner to
which United States Embassador White,
with the other Embassadors, had been in
vited. The company included only about
a score of ladies, the Empress and the
Princess. ,
The dinner was a gorgeous affair. The
band played a selection from Sir Arthur
Sullivan's "The I^ost Chord." which was
a special compliment paid to the Duke of
York: :
Emperor William proposed the health
of Emperor Francis Joseph In a One fin
ished speech. He dwelt upon the honor
and joy of the visit of his Imperial guest,
elaborating upon the desire of the Ger
mans to maintain peace, but he refrained
from referring to the Dreibund.
Emperor Francis Joseph, replying, read
from manuscript, his remarks beinsr
understood onlv by those in his immedi
ate vicinity. . However, the general im
pression was that the answer was not
political.
Durinsr the banquet Mr. White sat next
to the British Embassador, Sir Frank
I^ascelles. General comment was occa
sioned by the fact that Cardinal Kopp in
his scarlet robes was present.
Shortly' before 10 p. m. Emperor Francis
Joseph, with- Emperor William, drove
swiftly down through the Brandenburg
gate, tbo populace greeting the imperial
pair with thunderous hurrahs. Anhalt
station was reached promptly at 10 o'clock,
and nfter a cordial leave taking the Aus
tro-Hunparian ruler departed.
The illuminations surpassed anything:
known here for years.
CROWN PRINCE FREDERICK WILLIAM, WHO HAS ATTAINED
HIS MAJORITY-IS YEARS-AND SET UP HIS OWN ESTABLISHMENT
AT POTSDAM. ,
BERLIN'. May 7.— Yesterday being
the third and last day of the fes
tivals in connection with the cele
bration of the coming of age of the
Crown Prince, fittingly capped the
climax. The down-town streets were
crowded, nearly the entire Berlin popula
tion turning out and several scores of
thousands coming from the outside.
At 7 a. m. the two Emnerors. attended
by a gorgeous retinue, were present at a
special imperial mass. From the church
both drove to the Sieges Allet for the un
veiling of the statue to Emperor Slgs
mond. The statue was particularly fine
and the ceremony was beautiful through
out.
Then the Emperors drove back to the
castle, where at 10 a. m. Emperor William
and/the Crown Prince received the con
gratulations of the special mission, in
cluding that of the United States Embas
eador. Andrew I). White, who made a
short speech, tlrst - addressing the Em
peror and presenting congratulations from
President AlcKinley. '? ' -
The Kmperor rejoined in. a pleasant
speech, saying' he"was very much grati
fied and that' the sentiments expressed by
President McKinley were, cordially, recip
rocated by both himself and his son.
Mr. White then turned to the Crown
Prince and made another brief speech to
the same purport.
Soon after occurred the symbolic ser
vices in the castle chapel, whereby .the
majority of the Crown Prince was Me
clared. The scene was most impressive.
Kmperor Francis Joseph and the German
Empress led the way, Emperor William
and the Grand Duke of Baden following.
Next came the youngest imperial child
and then the Crown Prince and the Ital
ian Cro*vn Prince.
Others present Were the chiefs of the
accredited missions, all the Princes, the
Imperial Chancellor, Prince von Hohen
loho, the members of the Bundnsrath.
Knights of the Order of the Black Eagle,
generals, admirals, members of the Cabi
net, officers of the Reichstag, officers -of
the Prussian Diet, regimental delegations,
etc.
After singing by the cathedral choir
and a discourse by the chief court chap
lain came the most impressive part of the
ceremony, the taking of the oath by the
Crown Prince. In front of the pulpit
stood a tall soldier with a drawn sword.
Across the altar was laid the ffatr of the
I,ifo Company of the First Guard Regi
ment. The Crown Prince raised two fln
pprs of his naked right hand and placed
his left upon the flag. Then Lieutenant
General von Plessen pronounced the oath,
which the Crown Prince repeated sentence
bv sentence in a resonant voice. •
The oath was very precise, stringent
and comprehensive, the Prince vowinc to
be faithful throughout life to the Em
peror in all military commands on land or
?ea. The oath having been concluded.
Emperor William shook his son's hand
In 1S50 and the following year began prac
tice In Salem, soon being taken into part
nership with Jairus W. Perry, the- author
of "Perry on Trusts."
After nearly twenty years of an active
practice and recognized leadership at the
Essex bar Mr. Endicott, though a Demo
crat, was appointed by the Republican
Governor. Willam B. Washburn, an As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of
Massachusetts, a very hjgh testimony to
his integrity and worth. This position he
held until 1882, when he resigned and
spent a year or more In Europe.
II© always recognized his rights and
duties as a citizen and took an interest in
politics. In 1S52, the year after he began
the practice of law, he was elected a
member 1 of the Common Council of Sa
lem, quite an honor for so young- a man.
From 1S57 to 1SC4 he held the office of So
licitor of the City of Salem.
In 1SS4 Mr. Endicott was nominated by
his party for Governor of Massachusetts
and made a handsome race, but was de
feated at the polls. In 1S85 he was called
to President Cleveland's Cabinet as" Sec
retary of War. which office he held until
the end of the term. Since 1S6S he was
president of the Peabody Academy of
Sciences in Salem and for many years a
member of the corporation of Harvard
and one of the trustees of the Peabody
fund.
Mr. Endicott was marrJe^ on December
13. 1837. to Ellen, daug-hter of the late
George Peabody, by whom he had two
children, a son and a daughter. The latter
is the wife of Joseph 'Chamberlain. Sec
retary of State for the Colonies of Great
Britain.
THE LATE WILLIAM C. ENDICOTT.
BOSTON. May 6.— William Crownin
shleld Endicott, aged 73 years,
Secretary of War during President
Cleveland's first administration,
died at his residence In this city
this afternoon of pneumonia. Although
Mr. Endlcott's system had been
pomewhat enfeebled by an attack
of the grippe from which he suf
fered last winter, he had been
in apparently good bodily health \ip
to last Wednesday, when he took his cus
tomary drive. Shortly afterward he was
taken ill and pneumonia developed, the
AiFP-a.se reaching its most acute form Sat
urday evening. At that time it was fear
ed the patient could not live through the
night, but he rallied slightly. During
Sunday his respiration gradually grew
weaker and about 6 o'clock he passed
peacefully away.
The funeral will be private and burial
will be in Salem.
Mr. Endicotfs daughter, the wife of
Joseph Chamberlain, the English Secre
tary of State, was notified by cable. Mrs.
Endicott wa? Ellen Peabody. daughter of
George Peabody, the philanthropist.
William Crownir.shleld Endlcott was
born in Salem, Mass.. November 19. 1S25.
He was a direct descendant of the famous
Puritan Governor. John Endicott. who
settled in Salem in 1C2S. His middle name
came from his grandfather on his moth
er's side. Jacob Crowninshield, a promi
nent member of Congress in the early
part of the century. Mr. Endicott after
poir.g through the Salem pchools gradu
ated from Harvard in 1£47 and. then
studied law. He was admitted to the bar
Two Persons Known to
Have Been Killed and
Many Injured.
— — • • ,
Four Separate Cyclones Seen in One
District and the Property
Loss Is Likely to Be
I*arge.
KANSAS GITY, Mo.. May 6.— A half
dozen distinct tornadoes occurred in Cen
tral Kansas this afternoon, following- a
day of exceedingly high temperature.
Two persons are known to have been
killed and three injured. Wires are down
In the affected district?, making it im
poBslble to accurately sum up the damage
done.
A special from Ellenwood, Kan., says:
"At 5:30 this evening a tornado visited
Logan Township. It formed a few miles
south of Ellenwood and passed over the
west portion of the city. At the Cheyenne
bottom, six miles north, it divided in six
different directions and destroyed the res
idences of George and William Helfrich.
George Helfrich and wife were instantly
kllleu; William Helfrich, his wife and
child were badly hurt. The storm next
struck the farm ot Carl Schneider, de
stroying the outbuildings and leaving the
dwelling untouched. Further into the
country a number of others are reported
killed or injured. A large amount of
stocK was killed."
A Larned, Kan., special says: "A tor
nado passed southeast of here at 6 o'clock
this evening and struck near Pawnee
Rock, three miles distant. The wire3 are
down and it is impossible to-night to learn
the extent of the damage done. Four sepa
rate funnel-shaped clouds are reported to
have been seen in the section of Great
Bend."
OMAHA. May 6. — A'Fpeclal from Beaver
City, Neb., gives further details of the
Wllsonville tornado. Many farmhouses
were destroyed. The hailstones were as
large as baseballs and were driven
through roof3. The twister appeared af
ter the bombardment and took a north
easterly course. It was funnel-shaped
and did damage over a large area. Farm
ers west and north of Wiisonville were
the greatest sufferers. Many persons fled
to their cellars. A. Tower's large house
was destroyed. Tower, his. wife'-- .and
daughter were seriously, though not fa
tally, injured. Houses and barns of H.
H. Farrish, H. H. Corbett and H. A.
Bourne were destroyed. Hourne was se
riously injured. A daughter of L. IJ.
McFarland was in a summer house, which
was lifted and carried some distance
without serious injury, , The residence of
Rev. Mr. Lavine was destroyed. His,
wife and children were carried forty fed*?
and not seriously Injured.
Much livestock was killed by the storm'
and *he damage to crops and fruit trees
was great. The amount of damage has
not been estimated.
KANAPOL1S, Kans.. May 6.— At 5
o'clock this afternoon four 4i9tlnct fun
nel-shaped clouds developed within a ra
dius of a few miles of here, and it is be
lieved caused considerable destruction to
farm property, though no definite reports
have been received. All of the outbuild
ings, granaries and windmills on the
Walte farm, three miles north, were blown
down. No casualties are reported. The
day had been one of the hottest ever ex
perienced in this part of the State.
DALLAS, Texas, May 6.— One-third of
the houses in Garza. a town in Denton
County, were destroyed late this afternoon
by a tornado. No one was hurt, the peo
ple seeking refuge in storm houses. Sev
eral houses at Little Elm were demolished
and several persons Injured. Wires to the
north are down.
NEBRASKA AND
KANSAS SWEPT
BY TORNADOES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. May 6.— Another
throng of about 800 Japanese <. coolies
reached here by the Tosa Maru thia aft*
ernoon. It was to have been twice that
many, 800 more having been booked at
Osaka, but owing to the recurrence of
the plague at that port the steamer was
obliged to leave them behind. Following
close on the heels of the Tosa Maru the
steamer Dalny Vostock steamed into the
quarantine station this evening with 850
nfore of the unwelcome immigrants, and
other vessels are en route with more. It
is expected, though, according to news
received by the Tosa Maru, that the emi
gration will shortly be stopped by the
Japanese Government.
"There are now eight emigration com
panies In Japan, which are reaping a
harvest from the emigration to Amer
ica," says the Kobe Chronicle, "and It is
understood that . the Government will
shortly overhaul the proceedings and
general affairs of these companies In a
pretty thorough fashion and crush with
no sparing hand the abuses that now pre
vail in the majority if not all of them."
This action, the paper says, has been
taken none too soon, for by misrepre
sentations the agents are sending thou
sands upon thousands to America and
the companies are making big dividends
as a result of the exodus across the Pa
cific.
Another Japanese paper gives statistics
to show that the Japanese now abroad
from their country »n all parts of the
world do not number more than 72,000 In
all, and coupled with the figures is the
significant statement that "included in
these are 20,000 Japanese militia men, who
have been smuggled into <he Korean pe
ninsula under the guise of coolies."
The Kobe Herald In an article on emi
gration says: "Hitherto Hawaii has been
trie most promising field, but there are
thousands there with nothing more to do
than study the beauties of the landscape.
Attempts to plant colonies in Fiji and
New Caledonia have ended In fiascos. In
the French West Indies and Peru and
lastly, in Brazil, failures were also made
in the attempt to settle." This paper ad
vocates turning the tide of emigration to
South America.
Japanese Government Takes Cogni
zance of the Emigration and
Will Probably Take Steps
to Check It.
Two Steamers Reach Port
Laden With Little
Brown Men.
HUNDREDS OF
COOLIES LAND
AT VICTORIA
THE • SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 7,1900.
WILLIAM C. ENDICOTT
DIES AT BOSTON
Served as Secretary- of- War During
President Cleveland's First
l erm.
OATH TAKEN BY CROWN
PRINCE OF GERMANY
Gorgeous Ceremony Marks the Close of
the Three Days' Birthday Fes-
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT S3. ; .
llEBENBADM
*»-« C0.-<*
222-224 SUTTER STREET
I PHONES — Two extra new X
I ones, making five in all — to sat-
z isfy our increasing telephone
21 business, and customers may cx-
jz pect to be promptly served.
iz Always call up Grant 33.
K Free Phone to the public. ;
I SPECIAL "REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
1 Butter, Terj best square 35c
it 3 squares 91
<> ¦ Guaranteed. Regularly 40c.
g Canned Fruit, highest grade, can 25c
<X f-.no dozen {
I? New Era Extra special. Regularly
Z£ 30c can; S3. 25 dozen. ]i
| Canary Seed 6 lbs 25c > s
7Z Cleaned, rejrularljr 4 lbs 25c. 9
;> Mixed, res. 3 lbs 25c. 4 lbs S5o , Z
if Breakfast Gem or Delight, 4 pkgs 25c i
!;>. Will cook In 5 minutes. Reg. 3 for 25o ",
| Marmalade, Keiller's jar 20c
<s The Imported Scotch. Res. 23c. '.
Talcum Powder, borate d, 3 tins 25c
For adults and Infanta. Her- 10c- !
Listerine, Lambert's, large bot 65c
Small bottle 20o
The only genuine.
Dover Egg Bsa'er IQc
The genuine article. Regular 13c . J
Brooms, our first-class line li
Res 30c 3."e, 4<V\ He. tOc £
Now 25c :;<»t- 3Se 40o 5Oe <
i Iron Soap Dish Holder IQc ;
) Japanned. Regularly 13c. )
Ginger Ala, "Puritas " doz $1.25 i
Made from double distilled water. '
'"¦ pure Jamaica dinner and aromatic .
fruit flavors. Regularly tt.45. Allow •
15c a dozen on all Furltas bottle? . ,
when returned. |
Root Beer, "Puritas" doz $1.25 i
For old and young. Non-intoxicating, i
Gin, Ho'dand bot 75c }
| Genuine imported. Regularly 90c. J'
Cocktails, "Sunset" bot 85c
' Kastern make, ready for use. Man- ',
2 hattan. Martini. Whisky. Vermouth, '?
< Gin. Equal to the highest priced. I
;!' Free delivery within 100 miles. _ \
I
WE SELL ON INSTALLMENTS-
Cheaper Than Some Cash Store*. \
SEEING IS BELIEVING. h
Inspect Our Stock of
Furniture, Carpets, Etc.
Houses Furnished ComDlete from Cellar
to Garret.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN 100 MILE3
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST..
Open Evenings. NEAR POWELU
pSiP^ TOBEBIIJL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-HEXOWNEO
"Magnetic Elaatlc Truss" Dr. Pierce save to
the public the most remarkable remedy " «er
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers har<»
been permanently relieved andTadtcallyCURED
by this great appliance and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss is different from all others. It does th.i
work! •'
You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
ing at the office, or It will be sent on receipt of
a 2-cent stams. It tells all about this Truss.
Artdress.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel).
San Francisco. <
Eastern Office— New York City.
" -'¦;»-;:• -',;;". • --¦'. - ¦• ¦-¦-¦?:" •";* "¦;. -,.'
Eye=GIasses
You'll Take
Both comfort and prlds In. They'll fit yon:
they'll become you. Our clip won't alls. 80c
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory ' oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala IX
o42 Market ot.. i«5truhiht3
WUt* CMOMlCll BUHJXIl.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
J^ FOR THE
Bta CAPE NOME
1*^1 GOLD FIELDS.
Th».y»wnd PautlaJ Steel St^amsht* .
Will &U1 Jfrom baa Fraaclico MAY iua for lA*
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
june »ist» jaiy list and August lota/ Wt«i.
l-i£**r^f2£'» Or - . W ' PAR*" 8 - "* We»t »?£
' im*? "i e£ ¦*'>«•>••. CaL OOODALU PBR-
-*~?. or " ******* **•• Ba» Francisco. Cal.-
WeeflyCi $1:00 w Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR WELL PEOPLE
An Easy Way to Keep Well.
It Is easy to keep well If we would only
observe each day a few simple rules of
health.
The all-Important thing is to keep t~e ,
stomach right and to do this It Is not ,
necessary to diet or to follow a set rule or «
bill of fare. Such pampering simply makes '
a capricious appetite and a feeling that {
certain favorite articles of food must be >
avoided.
Professor Wiechold gives pretty good
advice on this subject. He says: "I am i
65 years old and have never had a serious <
Illness*, and at the same time ray life has -
been'largely an Indoor one, but ; I early
discovered that the way to keep healthy (
was to keep a healthy stomach, not by
eating bran crackers or dieting of any
sort: on the contrary I always eat what
my appetite craves, but for the past eight
years I have made it a daily practice to
take one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia.
Tablets after each meal and I attribute,
my robust health for a man of my age to
the regular daily use of Stuart's Tablets.
"My physician first advised me to use
them because he said they were perfect- ,
ly harmless and were not a secret patent
medicine, but contained only the natural
digestives, peptones and diastase, and I
after using them a few weeks I have
never ceased to thank him for his advice.
"I honestly believe the habit of taking
Stuart's Dyspe'psla Tablets after meals Is
the real health habit, because their use
brings health to the sick and ailing and
preserves health to the well and strong."
Men and women past 50 years of age
need a safe digestive after meals to in-
sure a perfect digestion and to ward off
; disease, and the safest, best-known and
! most wUely used Is Stuart's Dyspepsia
; Tablets.
They are found in every well-regulated
household from Maine to California and
: In Great Britain and Australia are rapidlv
pushing their way into popular favor "
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, full-sized packages, at 50 cents,
and for a weak stomach a 50-cent pack-
age will often do S50 worth of good.
The Greatest of AH Fcmeiles
for lha Removal of Disease.
ELECTROZONE cures Quickly and
permanently the most obstinate c*ses '
of ¦ . . •
Rheumatism.
Kidney and Bladder Ailments,
. »t imach Troub'et.
Female Complaints,
:'¦ Ntrv.unneni,
Catarrh, ani •
All Blood D!s:a*!s.
f* 8en4 for p»mpM«t tt
DnfgiiW, Slbottls.- ELECrS0Z05E MFG.
, C0-, 8»n Trmciic*.Scene of the Shooting of Frank Boell.
Russians have founded In China a Rus
sian paper (The New Country). The fir .t
number came out several days ago. Tho
paper has found in Russia devoted and
numerous support.
At a meeting of San Francisco Chapter
last "Wednesday it was announced that a
new chapiter is being organized in this
city. The new deputy supreme governor,
M. L». Asher, has been at work for sonr?
time laying plans for the extension of th:3
order in this State.
American Guild.
HAMMA, PAPA AND BABY.
party of friends. Mr. Odcll was a mem
ber of Congress for two terms and wield
ed considerable porwor in the Now York
political world until his removal to New
burg, New Jersey, from where hr now
halls. He la here on a pleasure trip. In
his party are J. W\ Walthers and wife.
Mrs. Theodore Hall and Ml.-s Clara
Odell. After a trip to the pleasure ro
sorts of this State the party will return
home.
/The leader in clear, Havana cigars Is un
doubtedly "Alexander : Humboldt. In ; buy
ing them be sure you get banded ones* • :
The butchers are already ; preparing for
their; fete day . .which ; will . be held : May 23
at Oakland race; track;. CJ p. Miller, a
well-known '- butcher of ?. the r Mission; has
purchased the trace horse Gratitude, .and
will .'start- him In? the r principal runnning
race. Chris Hartmann : will ride. for him.
Butchers'- Picnic Races.
The young woman was walking rapidly
along the sidewalk when two [ men came
out of the shadow and one of them, pok
ing a revolver In her face, demanded her
money. She did not stop to argue, but
started to hand over, her purse, 7 which con
tained 50 cents. The;man with the: re
volver took the ¦ purse, and as he did bo
the other man made a grab for her watch.
He missed It and went after the timepiece
again,. while the young woman raised her
voice and screamed lustily.:. : ; \ .,
Her cries brought "two men to her res
cue In a hurry, and as they: came up on
the run the two'' robbers : made their es-
The corner of Ellis and Octavla streets
added its bit to the holdup record' last
night with an assault upon Miss:' Josle
Long, a young woman, who was going to
her home in that, vicinity, at 0 o'clock.
Footpads on Ellis Street.
Miss Josle Long Encounters Two
GOT ONLY FIFTY CENTS.
M J." Kllcallon and J. White. . . . .'. .. 21 21 21
A. Hampton and : W. Magulre. . . . .-.;.. 17 ' 13 19
J; Killlan and A. .Whlteman.. ........ £1 14 21
E. White and W. Johnson.... u 21 19
IT. J Rogers and W. Walsh.. 21 21 21
B. J. Murphy and R. Longabach 13 20 - 17
O; B. Hayward and P. Ryan....;.... 21 13 21
W. II. Sieberst and E. Antron. ....... 20 21 12
R., Murphy'and'J. Condon.... 21 21 IS
A. McVicker and T..I*ach 11 16 21
M. Levy and G. B. Ilayward 21 11 21
S. Wurkheim and C.Lakin...... ...... 19 21 u
G. I>lndau«T and J. Kelly......;...... 21 21 21
V. CVBrlen and M. McNeely.... is a 13
T.McManus and II. Toner.. ...... .".. 21 21 21
J. McDermott and G. Hutchlnson.... 11 15 20
D. J. Sheehan and L.. Waterman 21 21 13
J. R.- Bockman and E. Lynch......... 13 9 »1
z The handball games played at Phil
Ryan's court. 858 Howard street, yester
day were above the average. The close
ness of some of the games made them In
teresting not only to those engaged in the
play, but also to the spectators, who as
a rule pick out their favorites as soon as
tho men enter the court. The following
are the results:
(i. McDonald and C. Talo 2X 21 21
H. Racoullet and I* Carralne u io 16
Handball Games Played.
California Club— John UtschiK. 213; second
champion class— D. B. Faktor, 215. 214; T. J.
Carroll. -212, 1«0; Captain V. A. Kuhls. K)2. 194-
C. Hremer. 206, 202; A. nahwyler, 169. First
class— C. M. Henderson. 211, 20S; J. Bachmann,
1»9, 170; II. . Eckmann. 184, 183. Second class—
C. J. Waldcn. 213, 210; A. Schret. 212, 202; J.
Jones, 207. 202;:K. Woenne. 210. 201; R. Stettin.
201. 194; J. Tammeyer. 204. 192; J. Kullmann
196. 172; A. Juneblut, 179, — : H. Ynmbel. 166,
137; U C. Babln. 155. 130; A. Hampel, 151. Third
rlass— C. II. Saeehorn, 192. 187; J. P.- Waller,
199, 187; F. A. S»chum»f. 1S3, 177; F. C. HaRe
rup. 178, 163; H. Reubold, 124. Fourth class— \V
iVolden. 20S, 156; Dr. N. H. Atkins. 166. 134.
Vorein Kintrachts* competition for king— J.
Zalin 65, C. Ehllnger 63, J. Young: 63, II. Schwei-
Ber-C2. F.« A. • Kuhls 61, <„'. Suchstedt 60, C.
Sehroeder 68, R.. Stettin 5fl, C. Walden 55, C.
Yunibcl 53, C Van HartwlR 49.
Marin County Olub—O.' Walden 3S9. J*. Jones
375, H. Fletcher 337, Frank Jacobs 207. F. Roid
285. K. Watson 172. J. Wataon 160. J. S. Kanecn
202, J. Kohlhofr 162. . . •
In* the Marin County Club Charles Wal
den won with a score of 3S9, and J. Jones
was a close second with 375. The Califor
nia Schuetzen Club's laurels were carried
off once more by F." E. Mason' with 219,216,
while F. P. Schuster came second with
214, 208. This club shot two strings.
E. Rfemenschnelder is king of the
Verein Eintrachts by virtue of his score of
6(5 out' of a possible 75, made in the clubs*
competition for king of the schuctzens.
Following are the scores:
The ranges at Schuetzen Park yesterday
were crowded with marksmen of the \'a
rloua schuetzen clubs. Weather conditions
were nearly perfect and high scores pre
vailed. The California Club, the Vereln
Eintracht and the Marin County Schuet
zen Club held medal shoots. •
GOOD SCORES MADE
AT SCHUETZEN RANGES
are coming In, but granting that all are
not genuine, there are enough of the "real
thing" to cause Indignation that lives of
citizens are being put in jeopardy through
the continuance of the darkness by Mayor
Phelan and his fellow economists on the
Board of Supervisors.
Hunting for Footpads.
Again last night the special squad of
fifty policemen, picked from the Califor
nia street, southern and northern divi
sions, patrolled the 'darkened streets of
the Western Addition dressed In citizens'
clothes and ready to take, dead or alive,
cny footpad that might show himself. The
men wandered all over the terror-stricken
district, going in pairs and prepared for
any emergency.
Frank Boell, living at D03 Greenwich
street, was taken to the Harbor Receiv
ing Hospit.il early yesterday morning
v.lth a bullet wound in his left arm.
While his wound was being dressed Boell
told a thrilling story of an encounter with
a desperate highwayman, who fired two
shots at him, one of them taking effect.
The encounter took place at the corner of
Greenwich and Dupont streets at 3:30
o'clock. Boell said:
Shot in the Dark.
"I had attended a ball at Washington
Hall during the evening," said Boell,
"and after escorting a lady companion to
her home, started for my own residence.
I started through a cul de sac which runs
into Kramer place in order to make a
short cut to the rear of my house. The
cul de sac is six feet lower than Dupont
street and I had just reached the bottom
j of the steps when the footpad Jumped
j from behind several large empty dry
j goods boxes, where he had been In hiding,
and, thrusting a pistol in my face, order
ed me to give up my money. I was par
alyzed with the suddenness of the attack
and mads no resistance and the robber
coolly went through my pockets and ab
stracted $5 50 in coin.
"I collected my thoughts, pulled myself
together, and. throwing my arm out,
knocked the pistol away from my face.
It was then that the footpad fired, the
bullet passing through my arm. The des
perate crook fired again with the evident
purpose of putting an end to my life, but
the buliet went wide of its mark and
struck one of the empty boxes. The rob
bt-r then dashed up the steps and disap
peared up Dupont street."
Boell said that as soon as he felt the
sting of the bullet he staggered down the
alleyway to Kramer place, where his
brother lives. His mother, who had been
awakened by the shots, raised the win
dow of her room and asked what was the
matter. Boell replied:
"Mother. I'm shot. Get brother to help
me."
Boell's brother came out of the house,
and a grocery man who lives near by
blew a police whistle. No officer was In
the vicinity, however, and Boell walked
with his brother to Montgomery avenue,
where a policeman was found, and the
wounded man taken to the Harbor Hospi
tal. He went to his home Immediately
after his wound was dressed. ; V- 4
Footpad Wore No Mask.
Boell describes his assailant as a man
about six feet In height, of heavy build.
He wore no mask and had a heavy mus
tache and a derby hat. As the streets
w^e in inky darkness Boell could give
no further description of the murderous
footpad.
Boell was a corporal with the heavy ar
tillery under Major Rice and Captain
Geary, and saw active service In the Phil
ippines.
The police had a theory that Boell was
shot by a Jealous rival. This Boell posi
tively denied, and said he had had no
difficulty with any man regarding a
woman.
Detectives Dillon and McMahon, who
ar« working on the case, last night found
the woman who was with Boell shortly
before he . was shot. She is known as
Sophie Peterson. She claims to be the
wife of "Jack" Ennia, the prize fighter.
Th«* woman Bays that she accompanied
Boell from a dance at Union Square Hall,
but left him when he was a short dis
tance, from his home. She knew nothing
of the shooting until late yesterday after
noon.
Hade Mysterious Threats.
The detectives have the names of two
men who were In a restaurant at Dupont
street and Montgomery ' avenue . a few
minutes before Boell was shot. One of
them was heard to say, "It's no use try-
Ing to get him to-night, as. he- is with a
woman. I euess we had better postpone
the Job until to-morrow." They -then
left the restaurant and walked along
Montgomery avenue. • "Whether they re
ferred to Boell or not is unknown.
Bortzmeyer May Recover.
•Fred Bortzmeyer, the young | man who
came near losing, his - life from a bullet
fired by a footpad. Is still showing signs
of ultimate recovery, his attending: physi
cian. Dr. Dozler, says. The wounded
man's father Is expected here from the
East to-day, and will be allowed, to see
his son*. • 1
Mrs. Margaret Moore, the intimate
friend of Barry Getz. who was arrested
on suspicion of ' having held up Bortz
meyer.. ifl still. very bitter toward Police
Officer Brown, who was mainly lnstru
m^tai in havlrur Getz Jailed. - Tha woman
Restaurant and Saloon Entered by
Crooks. Who: Secure a Quan
tity of Plunder.
Two burglaries were reported at the
California-street police station last night.
Both were In the commercial section and
fro n\ the clumsy character of the jobs
the police are Inclined to believe that a
band of young crooks have commenced
operations.
Some time after the Identical cafe at
226 Battery street closed last night burg
lars pried open the front doors, broke
into the cash register and took the con
tents.
The Gem saloon at 221 Sacramento street
was also broken Into. In this place the
burglars took about $30 from the cash reg
ister, besides a quantity of cigars and
liquor. They broke open the front doors
with a "Jimmy."
BURGLARS OPERATE IN
COMMERCIAL DISTRICT
Religion in Business.
The lecture delivered last night at
Academy of Sciences building by A. D.
Robinson was on tfte subject, "Religion In
Business." It was well received by a
number of people Interested In the cause
of theosophy. Mr. Robinson urged the
organization of a new Universal Business
Brotherhood In which honesty of purpose
should be Introduced between the employ
er and employed which ' would result In
lasting benefits to the two interested par
ties.
¦ ? •
Prominent Arrival From New Jersey.
B. B. Odell. who for six years was
chairman of the Republican State Central
Committee of New York, is registered at
the Palace with his wife, child and a
L. Guinasso, a baker residing at 716
Grsen street, reported at the Callfdrnia
street j>ollee station Saturday that he had
been held up Friday night at the corner
of Montgomery avenue and Green street
and robbed of $400, the highwayman over
looking a $2000 check that the baker car
ried. Guinasso said ho received tho
money and check from the sale of some
property. Police officers who Investigated
turned in a story of fake and claimed
that tho baker told the footpad story to
explain away tho loss of money brought
about by drinking.
Joe Brlgnolla. a laborer living on Powell
street, near Chestnut, may be the victim
of the same man who wounded Boell
Brignolia says he was robbed of $40 early
yesterday morning by a highwayman. He
says he was walking up the avenue and
at the corner of Green street, the samo
place where Guinasso says he was held
up, was stopped by a tall man who wore
no mask. The robber pointed a pistol at
his head and fold him to hand over his
money "quick." or he would be shot.
Brlgnolla handed over $40 and was told to
go a certain distance before turning
around. The description given by Brlg
nolla tallies with that of tho man who
phot Boell. The police officers sent to In
vestigate returned the regulation report
fake.
Says He Was Robbed at Ingleside.
A man who claimed he had been robbed
of $50 and a gold watch on the Ingleside
road reported the alleged robbery at tho
Seventeenth-street police station vester
day evening on advice of Samuel Curtis
to whom he told the story at the park'
Lieutenant Anderson detailed Sergeant
Shaw and Detectives Fitzgerald and Gra
ham to Investigate the case, and they said
the story was a fake.
More Hold-Ups Reported.
The police officers have been Instructed
to Jail all suspicious characters. At 12:30 a,
m. yesterday Officer Sullivan arrested a
man named James Moore at the corner of
Ellis and Larkin streets. A policeman's
club was found concealed on the man's
person. It was subsequently learned that
he had been twice arrested for burglary.
At 4 o'clock yesterday morning Officer
Knorp found a young man sleeping in a
large dry goods box lying in front of a
store on Gough street, near Golden Gate
avenue. He routed the sleeper, and upon
searching him found an ugly hand-made
sandbag on his person. The youth gave
his name as John McNesby and said he
came from San Jose. He told a fishy
story regarding the. sandbag, saying a
drunken man had thrown it at him and
he had picked it up. He was jailed on a
charge of vagrancy.
Hen Moore -has packed his grip and
left his former home at 706 Kills street.
He savs he is through with his wife for
all time.
The black cloth found near the scene
of the Bortzmeyer robbery is not a hand
kerchief at all, but a piece of farmer's
satin that evidently formed at one time
part of the lining of an overcoat.
Police Officer Brown says Margaret
Moore Is stating a falsehood when she
says he tried to induce her to go out with
him. He declares she makes these state
ments because of anger at Getz's arrest,
and that she theatened to "get even on
him." He acknowledges he told M. H. Getz
he had fetter make hia brother keep
away from the corner of Polk and Uarkln
streets, as he was a vagrant under the
law and liable to arrest.
"I did have a black silk handkerchief
that my husband gave me, as some paper
.stated." she resumed, drying her .tears,
"but my husband took it away with other
things when he quit me for a time, three
months ago, after giving me a beating.
Getz never got any black handkerchief
from me." . „,...,
Captain Seymour says Mrs. Moore did
not tell him she had been Intimate with
Officer Brown.
That Black Handkerchief.
"The very afternoon on which Getz was
arrested," said Mrs. Moore last night.
"Officer Brown met me at the corner of
Larkin and Ellis streets and said to me,
'Why don't you shake that crazy Getz ana
come out with me?' I told him I would
do no such thing.
"I have known Mr. Brown since I was
a little girl.", continued Mrs. Moore. "I
lived with my folks on Battery street
when his father kept a sailors' boarding
house down that way. When my hus
band was in Alaska he met me and asked
me to go out with him. During the last
two months he has asked me many times
to go out with him and has frequently
asked me why I went with Getz. He up
braided me once for telling Getz that he
had tried to make a date with me.
"I never went out with Officer Brown In
my life. I did not tell Captain Seymour 1
had been intimate with him. Brown
knows all the sailors and he put up the
job to have that man Ziegenbein identify
Getz as a robber," and as she eaid this
the woman burst Into sobs.
declares that Brown tried to Induce her
to leave Getz for him before the arrest
was made.
George Lucovich, alias Murphy, a young
man. was arrested last night by Police
Officers Tracey and Riordan and charged
with robbery. On the night of April 25,
it is claimed, he stood up a Chinaman at
Fourth and Minna streets and robbed
him of a purse containing $21 50. Luco
vich has been positively identified by his
victim.
Chinese Identifies George Lucovich
as the Man Who Held
Him Up.
cape. All they got was the purse with the
60 cents.
Miss Long describes the two men as be.
Ing of medium height, young and wearing
bicycle caps, which they had drawn well
down over their faces.
— •
ALLEGED FOOTPAD ARRESTED.
As Colonel Marceau has failed to carry
out the terms of the agreement, as In
terpreted by Mrs. Flske-Marceau-Fennell.
she prays the court to adjudge the agree
ment fradulent and of no effect: that It
was entered into fraudulently and con
trary to public policy and against law
and in violation of the jurisdiction and
authority of the court. She also demands
that during the pendency of the action
Colonel Marceau be restrained from in
any manner asserting any rijrht, claim or
authority under the agreement, or using
it in any action or proceeding in law or
in equity, as evidence or the basis of any
right or relief to be granted thereunder.
In addition to this action for an injunc
tion Mrs. Marceau's attorney will file an
appeal from Judge Troutt's order accept
ing the agreement, and if Colonel Mar
ceau does not abandon It the Supreme
Court will be called upon to determine
the validity of the document. A writ of
habeas corpus, directing Colonel Marceau
to produce the body of Baby Theo In
court, that the little fellow's custody may
be awarded, will also swell the record and
complete the legal tangle. Colonel Mar
ceau expects a quick, crisp fight. A de
fense to a plan of battle such as has been
laid out for his reception will take time,
so even though he wins all others he will
thus be disappointed on at least one point.
Last evening Colonel Marceau strolled
around the city with Baby Theo. He was
apparently calm, and said that he was
determined. In her home, surrounded by
her friends, sat a tittle woman, his for
mer wife, as determined as he, and as
she is a mother, fighting: for her baby,
her determination will only waver when
the highest tribunal In the land has de
creed that she cannot have her child, or
she has found peace in victory with her
baby by her side.
As a further Inducement, she says, to
enter into the agreement. Colonel Mar
ceau represented and . promised that he
would remarry her, and that they should
live together in order to promote and fur
ther the interest and welfare of their
child. -.;.—
Mrs. Marceau-Kennell further avers that
at the time of the execution of tho agree
ment her former husband falsely repre
sented that he was solely induced to make
the agreement on behalf of Baby Theo.
and for his best interest and general wel
fare, and because the parents had since
the decree of divorce lived apart from
each other, and their child did not receive
parental care and devotion and the com
forts of a home.
O-»-<» ? » • » ? <»-fr-»-+-H» ? » ? » ?
alleged agreement concerning the future
care, custody and maintenance of her
child."
Another Man Shot.
Another man was shot yesterday morn
.inp early, almost at the door of his
.home. He says it was pitch dark at th<»
Time, and that he did not see the footpad
DBtQ the pistol wa5 thrust under his nose.
Only for the fact that this citizen struck
.th*» revolver of the man. who. he says,
robbed him. he would probably have been
'killed instead of wounded.
Two highwaymen wearing bicycle caps
fcrgrit the palixntry that should accom
pany the practice of their profession last
right and robbed a young woman on Ellis
street at the point of a pistol. One of
them tried to piab her watch. Policemen
immediately scattered in every direction
In search of the men.
Suspicious characters are being gath
ered in right along, and on at least two of
them bludpeons were found. One of these
Tnen of the nlpht was arrested while
asleep in a box In the 'Western Addition.
On his person was found a murderous
Fandbag. but no revolver. He was per
haps getting ready to sro into the robbery
business with a more silent but still more
fcuro weapon than the revolver.
The police are cry'nR "fake" In response
to many r.f the reports of robberies that
. •
Two Highwaymen Hold Dp
; a Belated Young Wo
man, Poke Pistol Into
Her Face and Ask Her
lor Money and Watch.
DARKTICESS still shrouds the resl-
C*nc* districts of the city during
the lonesome hours of the night,
owing to the false economy of the
h^ads of the municipal gov?rrment, and
The activity of footpads caused by the
rendition of darkness grows each night.
The reign of terror will perhaps not ocase
until artificial illumination is atra'n pro
vided. Terror-stricken citiz« ns are still
jrolni? to their homes with revolvers In
Their hands and hearts in th^ir threats.
Captain of Detectives Seymour said la?t
nigfot that he cxpprtci! some excitable in
dividual would kil! <=->m* > innocent person
before the robberies ciide<3. and that he
Tras in constant fear of su> h a tragedy.
Many fresh rebberies are being reported,
and victims are giving other descriptions
than that of the. short, stocky highway
rnan ¦who appeared for a while to have the
field to himself. This leads to the belief
that other robbers besides the one who
Fhot Bortzmeyor have grasped the op
portunity afforded by the darkened
streets &n& commenced operations.
•Prank Boell Shot in
the Arm by Rob
her Who Stops
Him Close to His
Residence.
IN THE BLACKNESS OF THE NIGHT
FOOTPADS CONTINUE TO WORK
BABY THEO'S PARENTS ARE
GIRDED FOR THE BATTLE
Mrs. Amanda Mar
ceau-Fiske-Pennell
Has Prepared Her
Case for Trial.
FRAUD, false representations and
malice on the part of Theodore C.
Marceau, all contriving to Injure
.r-- and wrong her and in order to gain
an undue advantage with respect to the
care and possession of Baby Theo. is the
charge Mrs. Amanda J. Fiske-AIarceau-
Fennell makes against the doughty col
onel in a complaint to be filed this morn-
ing, when the battle for their tiny son
opens before Judge Troutt. Colonel Mar
ceau. holding Baby Theo tightly by the
hand, walked into the lobby of the Palace
Hotel yesterday morning. He announced
that he was here from Los Angeles to
make the fight of his life for the custody
of his little boy. It will be the fight of his
life, for he will find Mrs. Flske-Marceau-
Fennell ready for the battle. Good gen
erals, she says, plan their campaigns well.
This she has done, and if she loses it will
only tell the story of a repulse, not a de
feat. Defeat, she affirms, will only
strengthen her determination to wage the
fight the harder, but victory is what she
seeks. Victory will place her arms again
arotmd her little Theo; will fill the only
void her life knows and will bring happi
ness out of the chaos of loneliness and
misery. She does not ask that her baby
boy shall be hers alone and live only for
her. She is anxious that her baby's father
should not suffer for want of the little
fellow's love, but she demands that he be
thus considerate with her. As the colcnel
has manifested an evident determination
to wrest his little son entirely out of the
life of his devoted mother, it is certain
that the fight, even though it may be
short at this time, will be bitter and vig
orously prosecuted.
Attorney Louis P. Boardman. counsel
for Mrs. Fiske-Marceau-Fennell, has
about completed his preparations for the
fight, and out of his mind a legal maze
has evolved calculated to ruffle the cour
age of one, even though his name is
lengthened with military .title. Colonel
Marceau will doubtless rely as a basis for
his claim upon "the agreement recently
entered Into between himself and his
former wife. As his counsel have not as
yet announced their plan of action this
assertion partakes of the speculative, but
in any event this agreement will be first
attacked by Mrs. Marceau's lawyer. This
complaint lirst sets forth the date ftf the
marriage of the iitigants. the fact and
date of their divorce and then jumps into
the meat of the subject and questions the
validity of the agreement in question in
view of the fact that it stands as a modi
fication of the decree of divorce. This de
cree left the matter of awarding the cus
tody of the'ehild for the future considera
tion of the court. The court has not prop
erly considered this question, it is con
tended, hence Judge Troutt's order ac
cepting it was improvidentiy and improp
erly made. .
Continuing from these points, the com
plaint, in which Mrs. Fiske-Marceau-Fen
nell prays the court to enjoin the colonel
from in any manner asserting any claim,
right or authority under the agreement,
or using it in any action in law as the
basis of any right to baby Theo's custody,
reads:
"Ou the 23d day of March, 1000. and im
mediately prior to that date. Colonel Mar
ceau willfully and maliciously contrived
to Injure and defraud the plantiff, and
in order to gain an undue advantage over
the plaintiff and to defeat and defraud her
of her just rights concerning the custody,
possession and care of their child, and
also by means of false and fraudulent
misrepresentations and statements made
to her, well knowing each of his state
ments to have been willfully false and
fraudulent, C,olonel Marceau induced ¦ the
plaintiff to make and enter into a certain
The Doughty Colonel
Confronted With a
Number oi Charges
After His Arrival.
THE SAN TR AiNjClSCO CALL, ¦ MOX DAY, MAY 7, .1900.
3
Smiths'
Seven* .
j^aa Specials 81 *^
fiT For Mondaj, Tuesday, and j
B Wedneiday— j
U Coffee 2cc j
K Cream Java blend— & j
q 30c kind — This to tempt ;
y you to try
jft Tea 50c
p. Red Rose English Break- lb
fc fast — Cost you 70c any ,
r other time ¦
gj "Raisins 5 c
h For cooking— Fresno E> ¦
R Muscatels, regular 8c
I- Baking Powder 30c ;
p Crone de Luxe brand — tin
g hence pure — equals Royal i
I TigS 8 lbs for 25c \
H California black Mission 6
I Guaranteed O. K. }
i Sardines 3 tins for 2 5c
K Imported, in Olive Oil
ft Good grade— regular 10c j
I Pineapple 10c \
p . I2}c regular — finest tin
I flavor— grated or sliced ]
I Cape Nome j
H Price* far **J thu week !
g> Best folding rockers, each $1.50 :
g Best fur coats « ch 5-<» ;
B Heavy fur pants p*' 1.50 '
p Packing straps — 5i kind 50 •
n Evaporated onions good food 15-25 \
U Evaporated potatoes p< tI1) *5
fi Everything else you need — Fair treat-
B ment — Pricci below any other* — No j
Q corr.rrJi-ions paid — No runnm
C ASM STORE -
n-n it 40 sut f.
rfW?$5J£\*v I do not beHere there
£&%:'}&¦¦¦*, £K « » case of djspep-
>E^gJ|g£££tf» sia, indication cr
&6f '"' >r?i?l e ny «tomach trouble .
KjT j£'-athat cannot bo re-
W. *^f7^~**ii£fif t*rmaa«?ntlT cured
X T £?7 by vay DYSPEPSIA
J±?*m9 MTJNYON. •
'At all drastdstn,
23^ a T^ a l- Guide
nl iiW" 10 Health and medi-
f v T j p cal advice free. 1503
• Arch street, Philtu
iiifflSflaEflnsa
ft-'ll IHH i« $ r liilif ' ill )'« fj^fi coats in seven other styles at the same j£ rMX
iPfl will Tlilifitji 'ill/ ¦•¦'•« e coulc * not ma^ e them for less than Q^%k
W^M ill (liilf HI) If B^S lon ° a =° te^ ore P rice5 on woolens went |§-"-;||
B^« Ifl 1IM BMl I SI I*'"-' B^ Out-of-ioi*n orders for made-to-order clothes filled
§•¦ ll! Illf'i II I ill/ K'-'^ carefully and promptly. We send you samples and ra-v.^j
i II If J II
IS llllltl Hij^^^ '^^^S-% 718 Market St# and Cor - Powell .and Eddy. mM
ADVEETISEMESTS.; The/charter of Greater New- York is not old, but
already a commission has been appointed to revise
it. The thing appears to be full of provisions which
arc about as objectionable as embalmed beef.
N. :P. Chipman is inclined to believe that because
the' Filipinos won't stop fighting imperialism '; is a
blessing. It would be interesting to know what Chip
man thinks of the American revolutionists.
i A • *.' ¦ '"'-'; \ '. * . -".~V.'-V' ; /
*It- is hardly worth while for Bryan to reiterate he
hasnot dropped silver. He will never drop that nor
any other part of his calamity record, but doubtless
he would like to 'do so if he could.
The Sultan has an advantage in the fact that he
owes ;so many nations that if. he pays one the rest
will have to suffer, so the rest see to it that he doesn't
make'the.payment. _ ' ...
. In dropping the silver agitation Bryan can hardly,
be accused of fickleness, for he certainly talked about
it until he became a bore and people refused to listen
to him.
California seems to have a chance at last to secure
for one of its citizens the honored position of Vice
President of the United States. Events will prob
ably prove that the- chance is one of the many of
which we have so often heard that were not seen
ujitil they had passed.
Battlefields on which the French arc engaged arc
not going to be smokeless, for they have adopted in
Ihcir army a shell which, when exploded, jyill envelop
the enemy's lines in smoke and prevent his gunners
from seeing how to shoot It is a great scheme. By
snt3 by war will be harmless.
Tr:c Atlin miner- who, after failing to find any gold
in the }jo!dfie!ds. brought out a certificate of a mining
c!ai:n and a lot of good-looking ore and went about
sdling shares to capitalists, is unquestionably a man
of resources. Any fool can walk into a mining trap,
br.t it takes something of genius to. induce other peo
ple to help him out and pay for the privilege of get
ting in themselves.
There is a growing belief that as soon as they have
settled .with , the Boers,, Bobs and ; Buller will; have; a
fight to a finish with each other to determine which
is champion. :
¦ The Southern Pacific Company has given another
reason for it to be remembered in anything but loving
memory. A Federal Judge has ordered it to pay dam
ages for mutilating a man in Alameda, and it'intends
to fight to the highest court in the land. ;
The bitterness with which several claimants . are
fighting for the position of Tax Collector of this city
lias created a false impression that some independence
attaches to the person who may win. His Honor, the
Mayor, is still the ringmaster of the municipal circus.
The Emperor. of Austria has appointed Kaiser Wil
liam to the rank of field marshal in the Austrian army,
and that is said to be a higher position than- the
Kaiser holds in the German army. "The* Kaiser -will
nevertheless continue to serve with the Germans and
use the Austrian rank for ornament only.. The Ger
man salary is higher.
Salisbury's suggestion to the Royal Academy that
the war in Stmth Africa, fought with smokeless pow
der by armies separated from one another by about a
mile, with the rank and file hidden behind rocks, .will
afford . painters a good opportunity to improve and
advance their art, was decidedly light and gay, as be
fits an after-dinner talk. Had his Lordship been seri
ous, however, he would probably have noted that
newspaper artists have solved the difficulties, of the
subject, and by making sketches and taking photo
graphs on the field have shown there are as many
artistic situations in war now as there ever were. Man
is always picturesque when, fighting, even when he
fights in khaki. •
As a naval power Turkey stands at the
bottom of the list, notwithstanding the re
spectable number of ships which' consti
tute its navy on paper. All the armored
ships are obsolete and the unarmored ves
sels are in a state of decrepitude from
want of, ordinary care. There are seven
central-battery ships ranging from 1920
tons down to 2050 tons, built between 1861
and 1874; their armor Is ordinary iron, of
which the largesfhas twelve inches, the
others six to nine inches. Two of these,
the Mesodieh of 9120 tons and the Assar-i-
Teopik are now at a shipyard in Italy un
der reconstruction. The four barbette
ironclads of 6400 tons are about thirty-six
years old and have only 5Vs-inch Iron
armor on their 6ldes. It will be readily
understood that even the heaviest armored
vessel is 'easily penetrated by the modern
six-inch rifle at a range of 2000 yards. Of
the alleged fleet of unarmored vessels five
are building at Turkish dockyards and
the remainder, comprising \ seven of va
rious types, are comparatively new ves
sels, but in the hands of the Turkish naval
administration have long since become en
tirely useless. It will be remembered that
during the recent war between Turkey
and Greece the Turkish admiral dared not
A new eleven-Inch gun cast at the
Osaka arsenal was tried with success last
month. Three rounds were fired at a range
of 4900 feet and one round was fired sea
ward, the shell falling at a distance of
39,400 feet, or about 6.13 miles. The am
munition, being of home manufacture,
was rather defective, still the shell pene
trates a sixteen-lnch steel plate at 328 feet
distance. Gunmaking of large calibers !n
Japan' was only begun in November, 1893.
Five British naval officers have been
charged by the editor of a paper at Si
monstown with having assaulted him.
The officers had appeared at his office de
manding an apology for certain alleged
false statements made in the paper. On
his refusal to retract he was • marched
down to the jetty and pushed overboard,
after which he was permitted to go home,
dripping. The civil action instituted de
mands $5000 damages. ,
It has been discovered at Devonport that
the 11,000 gallons of olive oil reported
missing were not stolen, as suspected. An
investigation revealed the fact that the
storage tank leaked and the oil had
seeped through several feet of. concrete
foundation and saturateu the soil.
NEWS OF NAVIES.
The Japanese battleship 'Asaki, Just
completed' in England, is more formidable
than any' of her type yet turned out. The
following comparative data of the Japa
nese Asaki. the British Formidable and
the American Kearsarge show their
points of difference.: .... . .
leave the Dardanelles to meet three small
Grecian war vessels. The Turkish navy
has r.ot been improved since then.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge J. W. Gillett of Eureka Is at tha
Palace. . . .
M. Elsasser of New York la' at th»
Palace.
Jackson Dennis of Sutter Creek is at
the Grand. ,
Charles L. Smith, a Sacramento attor
ney, is at the Lick, - >
Major A. F. Jones and R. P. Hammoa
of Oroville are at the Palace.
State Senator J. W. Gillette of Eureka
Is registered at the Palace with hla wife.
John F. Carrere.' former secretary ot
the State Commission ot Lunacy, la at
the California,
Major M. C. Foote. U. S. A., and wlf«
and Major H. S. Turrill, U. S. A., are
guests at the Occidental."
B. B. O'Dell. chairman of the Republi
can State Central Committee of New
York, Is at the Palace.
C. F. Greenslade. who is connected with
the largest brewery In Dunedin. New
Zealand, is at the Occidental with his
wife.
John *M. Streinir-. a fruit raiser of
Santa Rosa, and J. P.ummelsburjr. a mer
chant of Winters, are among the arrivals
at the Grand. • --- . '¦¦¦
Hiram C. Smith, who is extensively en
gaged in mining enterprises In Mexico, 13
a guest at the Palace. He will be In the
city for two or three weeks. •
PRIMARY BATTERY.
Asahl— Four 12-inch, fourteen 8-inch.
Formidable— Four 12-inch, twelve 6-lnch,
Kearsarge— Four 13-inch, four 8-inch, four
teen 5-lnch.'
SECOXITARY BATTERY. ,
Asahi— Twenty 12-pounders. six 3-pounders,
six ti-i'our.der*. eight Maxims.
Formidable— Sixteen 12-pounders. twelve 3
pounders, eight Maxims.
Kearsarge — Twenty S-pounders. six 1-pound
ers, four Colts, two 12-pounders.
ARMOR BELT. THICK.
Asahi— 9 to 4H Inches.
Formidable— 9 to 3 inches.
Kearearge — 1SH to 9H Inches.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May 6.— Charles Hlneh oC
San Francisco is at the Savoy. E. J.
Wlntcnberg of San Francisco is at the
Gilsey.
The supreme excellence in all things ia
simplicity. •
The Kearsarge and her sister-ship the
Kentucky being of much less displacement
lack, necessarily, the speed of the Asahi
and the Formidable. This defect will be
remedied in the* Maine, Ohio and Wiscon
sin, which will have displacements of
about 12,300 tons and a speed of eighteen
knots. The Georgia, New Jersey and
Pennsylvania, shortly to be begun, will
displace nearly 14,000 tons, with probwble
speed of twenty knots and carry batteries
placing them in the front rank of the
world's battleships.
Lobbying is a trade like another, and men who have
mastered the profession know many a trick of which
the public is unaware. For that reason the efforts of
lobbyists are not to be despised, no matter how hope
less may seem the task in which they are engaged.
The people of San Francisco will have to continue on
guard. Track gambling is an enormously profitable
trade. Unscrupulous men can afford to pay large
prices for gambling privileges, and, moreover, they
can afford to work and wait a long time for success.
The scheme for which underground wires are now
being laid by the astute lobbyist of the gang may not
be sprung upon the public for months to come. It is
a waiting game and a cunning game, and if the people
be unwary or neglectful they m2y yet find themselves
cheated of the profits of the victory they have just
won. ¦
For the purpose of conducting this secret campaign
the track gamblers have engaged the services of a pro
fessional lobbyist, Frank McQuade, and he is now at
work seeking to obtain for his employers the privi
leges they desire. The McQuade method is that of
forming combinations and bringing their influence to
bear upon the Supervisors. He is diligently search
ing, first to find persons who have more or less of a
pull with different members of the board, and then to
find means by which he can induce those persons to
exert their influence on behalf of the racetrack
sharpers.
WHILE the people of San Francisco may well be
pleased with the victory obtained over ' the
racetrack gamblers and with the action of the
Supervisors in refusing to grant a license for track
gambling, it must not be supposed the gamblers have
abandoned the contest. They have merely changed
their tactics. Perceiving that in the face of a resolut:
public opinion they can gain nothing by an open fight,
they have resorted to secrecy and are now trying by
indirection to obtain a license for gambling later on.
TR0CK GAMBLERS fJT- WORK-
As if everything had conspired against the starving
people, the calamity comes upon them at a time when
the Imperial Government charged with the responsi
bility oitheir welfare is involved in a costly war which
not only engages the energies of the Government it
self but so absorbs the minds of the people that the
attention which otherwise would be given to the suf
ferers is directed to" the seat of war. Thus, while more
than $7,500,000 was contributed by private charity for
the relief of the sufferers from the famine of 1897, the
amount raised in that way for present relief has hardly
reached the sum of $500,000. Of course more will be
given, not only among the British people and colo
nists but throughout the civilized world; but, how
ever large may be the sums that chanty and humanity
contribute, they will fall far short of the amount of
relief needed.
In a recent review of the situation' the London
Chronicle gave the following table of the distribution
and the extent of the famine:
- PoDulatlon Number on
Province. . Affected. Relief Works.
Bombay and Slndh 20.000.000 950 000
.Punjab 9.000,000 • 178,000
Central Provinces 12,000,000 1,441,000
, Berar .3,500,000 , 2S6.000
Agmere-Merwara 1,000.000 107,000
Rajputana 12.000.000 337^000
Central India States 8,000,000 £ 83,000
Bombay Native States 6,000,000 333,000
Baroda 2,500,000 63'.000
Northwest Provinces.... 500,000* 3,000
Punjab Native States 500,000 3,000
Total .' 75,000,000 3,784.000
The area of country affected covers upward of 500,
000 square miles, being a much larger area than was
ever before stricken since the country has been under
British control; but the real measure of the severity
of the infliction is not in the extent of territory which
it covers, but in the intensity of the famine, in the
approach to an absolute lack of food. In the heaviest
of previous famines the number of persons engaged in
relief work was about 1,500,000, while how, as the
figures quoted show, relief work has been given to
more than double that number.
HORRORS upon horror's head; accumulate in
India. "Cholera; has been • added to the other
pestilence which, with'the dread bubonic plague,
inflict the famine-stricken people," The calamity has
now become by far the most awful which has befallen
mankind in recent times. In comparison with this
appalling infliction all else that has come by fires,'
floods, earthquakes nnd famines has been slight.
Never has there been since the Dark Ages such an ex
tensive destruction of human life, and never has that
destruction been accomplished by so much of wretch
edness and suffering.
THE flWFUL PLIGHT IN INDIA,
late last winter. Then they are said to
have discovered that Mr. Keene had part
ed with all his holdings between 203 and
209, and had actually gone short of thu
stock at the top figures.
Whether this story had any foundation
or not, there is no question, that the
relations between the syndicate and Mr.
Keene were, severed, and that the attack
on Third Avenue In February last, which
'broke the stock from 106 to &\£. was en
gineered by the Metropolitan syndicate to
punish Mr. Keena for his alleged betrayal
of .the former Metropolitan pool. . Mr. L
Keene's losses in this maneuver are saidV
to have been very heavy. They ar«
usually placed at $2,000,000. After the last
battle Mr. Keene's health gave way.
with the prominent interests he formerly
represented took place last fall during the
famous manipulation of Metropolitan
Street Railway stock from 187% to 269. It
is said that Mr. Keene was placed In com
mand. The plan, it ia said, was for the
members of the pool to hold their stock
until it crossed £75, when they were grad
ually to liquidate. •
Mr. Keene, however, never got the. stock
above 2C9. and while he was given a llm- ;
ited backins by the syndicate,; tha. stock
gradually fell to 147 in December of last
vear. According to the story which is
how told In Wall street. Mr. Whitney and
the other members of the syndicate did
not discover why Mr. Keene had failed
to carry out the plans of the pool untif
Conditions on this coast remain unchanged and
without particular feature. The late rains have greatly
benefited the grain and fruit crops, and the agricul
tural situation remains all that could be desired.
Thus it irill be seen from the foregoing that the
situation is fair throughout the country. AH that is
necessary, apparently, to stimulate trade is a moderate
recession from the exorbitant prices of 1899, which
ihe public now refuse to pay. When this is done and
surplus stocks are use-i up we will doubtless have an
ciher period of marked activity, and not before.
Wall street has languished somewhat of late. Con
tinued heaviness in the industrials and the readiness
of the the steel stocks to sell off on small provocation
have rendered the public wary, and the street is now
abandoned almost wholly to the professionals. Money
continues easy, and there is a steady increase in the
circulation unjlcr the operation of the new currency
bill, and no concern is felt over the recent shipment
of jrold to Europe.
While these figures are unfavorable, the export
movement of the country is making a better showing.
Flour shipments from the Atlantic coast are large, and
those of wheat and flour combined last week amounted
to 4,537,000 bushels, against 3,884,000 for the same
week last year. The exports of produce and merchan
dise from the port of New York during April were
33-4 P«r cent, or over $11,000,000, larger than last year,
tnd, with the gain of $15,000,000 in cotton from other
ports, the month's aggregate for merchandise should
rise above $100,000,000. Imports show a small gain,
but will hardly exceed $70,000,000. The April exports
of breadstufis were also heavy, those of wheat and
corn from Atlantic ports exceeding those of last year.
The April failures also made a good showing, being
the smallest for any April in years. The decrease in
the number of failures was 15 per cent in the South
rnd 22 per cent in the Pacific States, while New York
shows an increase in these commercial disasters.
*' I 'HE recent shading off in quotations for sundry
articles ot commerce is having the effect antici
pated by close observers, for trade in these lines
is picking up again, while it remains dull in those in
which quotations are still stubbornly maintained.
There is a lesson in this which he who runs may read.
As The Call has pointed out ever since the beginning
of the year, prices had got so high that business in
n:any staples had become stagnant, and concessions
were necessary to restore the lost demand. Thus, in
iron and steel, which were the leaders in the decline,
renewed orders are already reported. There has been
a slight reduction of about I cent in wool quotations,
but thus far it has not resulted in any improvement
Cotton remains dull, and new business is small, while
futures are weak. In fact, the wholesale trade of the
entire country is reported quiet, though there is a
very fair retail business, especially in the Northwest
and on the Pacific Coast. The bank clearings of the
country show a net loss in business for the week of
14.5 per cent, and every one of the seven great cities
exhibits a falling off. The failures for the week were
209, against 158 last year.
MORE TONE TO BUSINESS.
Mr. Keene went long of Third Avenue stock at 116. He is supposed to have
settled with the Metropolitan Street Railway syndicate below 60 in February
and March of the present year. His loss is supposed to have been about $2,000.
000.
MR KEENE'S MOST CONSPICUOUS FAH.URE.
MB, KEENTTS ESTIMATED PROFITS FB.0M FAMOUS DEALS.
American Sugar Refining, manipulated from 126%. April, 1S96, to 95, August,
1SD6; profits, $1,500,000
American Sugar Refining, manipulated from 109H, March, 1S37, to 153*£, Sep
tember. 1897; profits, $2,000,000.
American Sugar Refining, manipulated from 107%, March, 1838, to 146%,
August. 1S98; profits; Jl, 000,000.
American Tobacco, manipulated from 117, May, 1S95, to El, August, 1S36;
profits, $3,000,000. *
National Cordage, manipulated from 147. February, 1S33. to 7. August. 1S33;
profits, $4,000,000.
Brooklyn Rapid Transit, manipulated from 137, April, 1S09, to €1, December,
1S99; profits, tl.COO.OOO. . .
J/imES R. KLEENEX
-
MONDAY . ... .7. . . . .". . . .'. ... .'. . -MAY 7. " »90O
JOHN D. SPRECKELa Proprietor.
Addr«s» All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .Market and TWrfl. S. F.
Telethon* Mala lbOS.
cniToaiAL Roo»s....n7 to 221 ttw«»*»m ¦*-
Telephone Main 1874.
DeltTered t»y Carrier*. 15 Cent** Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Poatasrot
CAH.T *"»'-*. U&dudlnr Sunday), one year. ............ .$*.<>*
DAILY CALL, Mnclufilnc EundayX, « months 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). I months 1.60
DAILY CALL— Br £lncU Month 1 «5e
CUNDAT CALL, One \>ar 1-M
WEEKLY CALL One Year »-00
All foioutttcro are nntliorlxed to recelT*
snbserlptlons.
tain pie ocfelec « ill be forward «d when requested.
UAULAAD OFFICE 11X8 Broadtrar
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
f.'trtger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Bwliing, Chicago.
<L*.-nr Diataae* Telephone "Central 261S.">
NEW YORK COKKESPONDEN'T:
C C. CARLTCN....;. Herald Square
KEW TORfc. «itii.ij-£XT*TTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH ¦.. 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NKW» STANDS:
Gfearma* Hoe**: V. O. Newa Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont UouMi Auditorium HotaL
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WalAorf-Astcrl* Hotel; A. Ertnuno, 81 Union Square:
Murray HJU Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
tilt A \m OFVICE*-— 1?7 Montrotn»r». -nr-n*"- <-f Cl«». ot>»2
cntn ••.SO o'eloek. »0O Hayes. op»a until »:3O o'cVwli. «B»
McAiMrtrr. open nntll 8:30 o'clock. «1S Lnrkin, Often until
1:30 o'clock, liil Ulstlon. open until 10 o'clock. E»l
Market, comer (Sixteenth, cpea until , ft o'clock. J09<
\ »>nct«, cpt-n until • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until
V o'clock. NVV. corner 1 weot7-««Cvn<t aod Ktiitucny.
open until 0 o'clock.
FAMES R. KEENE has Just sailed
Mtor Europe on the Cunard liner
m Ivernla, announcing his Intention
£„& to remain abroad from six weeks to
two months. Friends of the great
speculator believe that he will remain a
much longer time.
His health is broken, his nerves are
shattered and it is the general impres
sion in Wall street that he will never
again be the factor he has been for years
in speculation. While It is denied by his
friends that he has permanently retired
from Wall street it !a stated upon good
authority that such is the case.
The strain to which he has been sub
jected during the active and exciting life
he has led 'in the linancial district has
finally overcome him and upon the ad
vice of his physician and the entreaties
of hlB wife and children he has decided
to retire with his ample fortune, which
Is estimated to be anywhere from $2,000,000
to $5,000,000. He is accompanied to Europe
by Dr. Austin Flint.
Mr. Keene marketed all his speculative
shares last week and turned his money
into investments of the soundest charac
ter. He sold over 50.000 shares of stock
and turned the money into bonds and pre
ferred stocks. At the same time he cov
ered all his short contracts. The last
flurry In the steel stocks yesterday was
said to be Mr. Keene's parting shot at the
bulls.
The retirement of Mr. Keene leaves the
bear pools In Wall street without a leader.
Health Failing Since Fall.
Mr. Keene's health has been failins
since last fall, when he Is said to have
had a falling out with a number of
big interests with which he had business
relations for years.
Despite the public Impression to the
contrary, James R. Keene has not Deen
a great operator on his own account;
on the contrary, he has acted as a
broker for the big pools, usually backed
by . tho Standard Oil • Company, the
American Tobacco crowd and the Whlt
ney-Widener-Elkins syndicate, which
controls the Metropolitan Street Rail
way. These gentleman were accustomed
to Intrust their stock market operations
almost exclusively to Mr. Keene, whom
they considered the greatest manipulator
since the days of Jay Gould.
Great raids in sugar, which first made
Mr. Keene's fame, were conducted for
John E. Searles and the supar crowd
who were . formerly conspicuous In Wall
street speculation. In those days Mr.
Searles was a daily visitor at the offices
of the great, operator In the Johnston
bpildinp. Subsequently Mr. Keene devoted
his attention to the tobacco stocks, which
he manipulated over a range of about 75
points. It was. he. who enabled Oliver H.
Payne andMoore & Schley to buy con
trol .of the American. Tobacco Company
around 50,' after' hammering the* stock,
which at that time paid 12 per cent, from
119 down to 60. .
Break With Metropolitan Pool.'
The quarrel 'which is supposed to have
ended Mr. Keene's speculative relations
Great Stock Operator
Is Accpmpanied on
His Trip to Europe
by a Physician*
*
The Ex-Calif ornian Has
Made His Last Glean-
Up and Has Invested
His Sayings in Sound
Securities.
JAMES R. KEEN E, A VICTIM
of Nerve-Racking Wall Street.
GOES ABOARD FOR HIS HEALTH
T ! HE reign of the footpad in this city has become to our citizens a reign of terror, and
it is high time that something be done to kill this new -menace of Phelanism in San
'.Francisco. Since the city, by order of Mayor Phelan through his Board of Supervis
ors, has been thrown into utter darkness after midnight outrages have been alarmingly
frequent. Citizens have been made the prey of desperate criminals operating under cover
of a darkness that would not be tolerated in any other civilized city in the world. Robbery
has been rampant. Murder has been added to the crimes that stalk unchecked through
the darkened streets. The police have been utterly incompetent to prevent these crimes or
to apprehend the .criminals. The midnight marauders sink back into the darkness out of
which they came, and, unpunished., add another bloody, desperate item to the criminal
municipal policy of economy forced upon the people of this pity by their Mayor.
.Protest after protest has been voiced in vain. Every citizen who, by any of innumer
able necessities or exigencies of life, may be compelled to traverse the darkened streets of
the city may be the victim next to be robbed and perhaps murdered by the desperate men
who have been made possible by the Mayor's policy of false economy. Is it not time for
the people of this city to do something more emphatic than to protest? Is it not time for
them to take individually the protection which their officers cannot give them?
When Mayor Phelan decreed that this city should be thrown into absolute darkness
he decided that there should be a reign of terror in San Francisco and that each decent cit
izen possessed the right to arm himself and protect himself from the assassin thieves which
Mayor Phelan licensed to ply their trade under the shadows of night. When the evils of
throwing the city into nightly darkness were pointed out to Mayor Phelan he sneeringly
replied that all decent citizens should be home at midnight, and that he was, as chief
executive of San Francisco, responsible to its people. Is he willing to accept now the
consequences of that responsibility? Is he ready to stand sponsor for the brood of thieves,
thugs, robbers and murderers which he has hatched in the streets of San Francisco? Is
he willing that upon his shoulders shall rest the terrible price which the people of this
city are paying in life and property and in the daily dread of new outrages yet to be per
petrated? If being home at midnight be the standard of decent citizenship, let his Honor
the Mayor prove it, take the public into his confidence and tell where he is after midnight.
Did he need to add to his sneering affectation of responsibility an insult to every
reputable man and woman whose duties or necessities force them out of their ho'mes after
midnight, where the policy of Mayor Phelan makes them prey for every rascal and high
wayman who cares to roam in the darkness? This outrage has become a serious one to
the peopl" of San Francisco. A vicious premium has been placed upon crime. No family
in the city may be sure that out of the darkness of the night death will not come from a
robber's pistol or a thug's bludgeon.
Mayor Phelan has accepted the responsibility for all this. Let the people of San Fran
cisco force him in some tangible way to accept its consequences. He has arrogated the
right to dictate the policy of municipal departments and to remove any official who, in his
judgment, may be irresponsible. Is there nothing in the charter which gives to the people
of this city the right to remove an irresponsible Mayor? Is there no municipal law which
protects citizens of San Francisco from the actions of a man who makes gutter politics
out of his high office, and removes Commissioners because they do their duty or refuse to
truckle to his private interests? Is there no method by which a chief executive of this city,
who attempted first to place the people of San Francisco at the mercy of a blackmailing
corrupt and corrupting police administration and then makes them the prey of midnight
thieves and thugs, may be impeached? It seems high time for the people of San Fran
cisco to discover whether there is or not. ,
THE REIGN OF THE FOOTPAD.
THE SAIT FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 7, 1900.
The indignation is very great, and threats of .violence are already heard in this
city, 1 for. some 1 are of the opinion that if one company is allowed to work the mines
wlthHhls class of degraded beings unmolested 'other companles'would be likely to
do the same.
Great indignation was manifested in this city this noon at the arrival of the
advance guard of a horde of Japanese, who have been employed by Poorman &
Hastings, who are running the Horseshoe Bend hydrauHc mine on "the Yuba
River, just belovy the Delhi, at Columbia Hill. The outfit consisted of eight horses,
drawing two large wagons. In addition to the gang of Japanese, the freight
consisted of Japanese goods, coal, iron, steel, hydraulic water gate, drills, etc.
One of the Japs who could maJseahlmself understood stated that. they were to re
ceive one dollar, per day and board, themselves. On being asked -how many had
been employed by: Poorman & Hastings he said. "Here are nine of us, and if we
like It a big lot more will come." On being asked what he meant by a big lot,
the reporter suggesting twenty or fifty, he instantly replied, "More than that."
So It seems ; Poorman &; Hastings have inaugurated a system of cheap labor,
in Nevada County so far as their, mine, is concerned. We now ."give them tair
warning that they -will • not be permitted to disgrace this mining section by acts
of this kind.vThere are hundreds of white men In this county who are anxious to
work, and the Transcript proposes to make their fight to the end that the heath
ens shall be; driven out of the camp and honest white labor substituted therefor.
at Nevada City.
Nevada City Transcript,' May 1
¦ . ¦ - . ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ , y ¦
Threats of Violence Follow the Arrival of a Number oF Coolies
JAPANESE TO WORK IN THE MINES.
4
I: j §
DATA. ~ s
|
a
4
r
Displacement, tons.. 15,200 15,000
Length, feet 400 400
Breadth, feet 73.17 75
Draught, feet 27.3 16.75
Coal, tons, normal... 7C0 . 700
Horsepower 18,000 15,000
Speed 18.3 ' 18
11.525
38S
72.21
23.5
410
ll.«74
1S.S2
I: j §
DATA. ~ s
|
a
4
r
Displacement, tons.. 15,200 15,000
Length, feet 400 400
Breadth, feet 73.17 75
Draught, feet 27.3 16.75
Coal, tons, normal... 7C0 . 700
Horsepower 18,000 15,000
Speed 18.3 ' 18
11.525
38S
72.21
23.5
410
ll.«74
1S.S2
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— "Vaudeville. **
Columbia— "The Evil Eye."
TJvoll— "The Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opera-houce — "In Gay New York."
Alcazar — "The Great Diamond Robbery-"
California — "A Parisian Romance."
California— Sada. Tuesday afternoon.
Olympla. corner Ma&on and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlnc. .
Klfcner's Concert House — "Fau*t."
Sherman & Clay Hall— Paloxna Srhramm, Wednesday
afternoon.
Kanp Coir.pany Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
AUCTION SALES.
By PulJlvan & Doyle— Monday. May 7, at 11 o'clock. Horses.
at corner of Twelfth and Harrison streets. ¦
By Chas. Levy— Monday, May 7, at 11 o'clock. Furniture,
at :'.:0 M^ion street.
Peanut crisps. New. Townsend's. •
The Grand Canyon of Arizona;
Tht season Is now open. Stage trip has be#n
reduced to 2*4 hours. Comfortable accommoda-
tions at hotel. The round trip rate from San
Francisco to only K3. ' Particulars at Santa J\»
ticket office. OS Market street.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In lire-etched boxes or Jap baskets
639 Market st:. Palace Hotel building. •
An Arkansas woman and her seven
children recently traveled to Minnesota
on one ticket. The children were all
within the prescribed age limit, there be-
Jnt; two sets of twins. .
Cameras. and photographic supplies, also
printing, developing and mounting at
Sanborn & Vail's/ 741 Market street. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public m*»n by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1<M2. •
50c. and St. 00. all drug^sts;
SCOTT & BOWNE. themisu. New v—w.
Scctl^Smufeicib
will dc' this. It strengthens
the lungs and builds up the
entire system. It conquers
the inflammation, cures the
cough, and prevents serious
croublc ¦ . '
are dangerous; they weaken
the constitution, inflame the
lungs, and often lead to
Pneumonia. Cough syrups
are useless. The system must
be given strength and force
to throw off the disease.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Flood's Damage in Colorado.
DENVER. May 6.— According to th«
most conservative estimate. It will take
two weeks to repair the roadbed of tha
Colorado and Southern Railway In Platt
Canyon, damaged by the recent Hood, x En
gineer "Cowan estimates the damage at
$200,000. Until repairs are finfshed train
service will be maintained by way of
Colorado Springs In connection with th«
Colorado Midland road.
¦ The exceptional popularity iof Alexander
Humboldt . cigars » Is '"caused strictly :., by
merit. • Be sure - you .pet * genuine ' ones.
Each Alexander Humboldt is banded now*
BUDWEISER Beer
Has been consumed br th» American public t<»
thp extent nf over half a billion bottlea. Mor«
than any other bnttl«-,d beer In th<» worlrl. Mat!*
exclusively hy the Anheujer-Buscl 1 Brewing
Aas'n. K. O. Lyons Co.. Wholesale Dealers.
San Francisco. Cut.
SHOT DURING A QTJABREL.
Nevada Junk-Dealer Seriously In
jured by an Old Soldier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• RENO. Ncv.. May 6.— R. J. Tibbltts. an
old Grand Army man. this afternoon fired
two shots at a junk dealer named John
Carroll, one of them taking effect In the
left arm just above the elbow, and the
wounded man nearly bled to death before
assistance arrived. Tlbbitts delivered him
aeir to the authorities, claiming self-de
fense. He says Carroll called at his
house, hurled rocks at him and called him
vile names. The trouble grew out of a dis
pute regarding the ownership of the house
where it occurred. Further trouble is an
ticipated, as the wounded man says be
will kill -Tibbitts on sight. The latter Is
considered a bad man. having killed two
men In his time.
• Gambler Convicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. May 6.— For the first time
'n : many years a jury was obtained In
Washington Friday evening that convict
ed a gambler. James Gorman was charged
with dealing faro. Assistant District At
torney A. C. Huston prosecuted, and
Joseph Brlte defended. The Jury was
made up of John Newell. K. Fourness.
Wlliyon- Moore. F. Todhunter, Robert
Hatch and James Lindsay.- Mr. Huston
feels much encouraged with the outcome
of the trial, and proposes to vigorously
prosecute i 'all -the complaints that have
been made against any of the Sacramento
gamblers who took refuge in ,Yolo County
when driven out ¦ of that city. There Is
one more charge '¦ of faro , dealing, which
will come up in Washington Friday even-
Ing of next week. There is also another
charge of. a violation of the anti-pool sell
ing ordinance./ .
Weaver Denies a Rumor.
CHICAGO. May ' 6.— General James . A.
Weaver of Iowa was in Chicago to-day on
his way to Sioux, Falls to attend the Na
tional Populist Convention. Asked about
the statement attributed to him - while at
Indianapolis recently that. : in case of the
election of Bryan, he expected a Cabinet
portfolio,' he said he had never made such
a statement: that the report was absurd,
and that those who knew him best knew
that he. was Incapable of making such a
remark. f.;.''--?'.:"- ¦ ¦"¦ "
-' Applications for Press Seats.
. PHILADELPHIA, May 6.— The press
committee of "the ..National Republican
convention announces " tha* under the
resolution of the National Committee all
applications for press seats from dally
newspapers for men ..who will be actually
engaged - in ; reporting the -—.. — ition must
be In the . hands of .William L». McLean,
chairman. ...-.: Courthouse. ; Independence
square. Philadelphia, by May 15. It will be
impossible to -consider applications re
celved after ! that date. ..... . t ;
KEEPING TO
THE MIDDLE
OF THE ROAD
Gathering of Populists for
the Convention at
Cincinnati.
CJaim to Represent a Majority of
Their Party and Are Not An
nexed to the Democratic
Kite.
"It Is false. The fusion leaders see that
the People's party has repudiated them.
This has driven then to the extremity of
trying to Impugn the motives of those
who are behind our movement. We expect
nothing else but a campaign of slander,
but we propose to meet It as It deserves.
This whole work has been accomplished
and all expenses of the convention paid
with J700. the amount contributed by the
convention league of Cincinnati. The fu-
Asked about the charge of Senator Pet
tlgrew that Senator Hanna was helping
the convention Mr. Parker said: \
"It is well recognized by all people,"
said J. A. Parker, secretary of the Na
tional Committee of the mlddle-of-the
roaders. "whether they be Populists or
not, that the Cincinnati convention repre
sents the real Populist movement. It is
equally well known that the Sioux Falls
convention is simply an adjunct to the
Democratic party. This accounts for the
unanimity which Populists in every sec
tion have repudiated the calKfor the lat
ter convention and indorsed the Cincin
nati movement. We are confident of an
attendance fully as great as -the capacity
of our hall, and It Is claimed that Robln-
Bon's Opera-house will seat 2S00 people.
"The Sioux Falls convention cannot de
liver a vote to Bryan, that would not go
to him as the regula"r Democratic nomi
nee. Any action the Sioux Falls conven
tion may take will only embarrass Bryan
and give his enemies In the Democratic
party a chance to hammer him. He would
bo much stronger as a thorough Demo
cratic candidate than as a fusion candi
date, and if the leaders of the Sioux, Falls
convention were really for Br3'an they
would go about the matter In a way to
accomplish his election. They would
openly join the Democratic party and help
to elect its nominees. But they are not
so much for Bryan as they are for them
selves, and they are working the fusion
racket more with an eye to getting Demo
cratic support for the State and other,
offices they hold and expect to hold than
for any love of Bryan. Why, this idea
was boldly argued in the committee on
resolutions at Raleigh, In the North Caro
lina convention, which caused Harry Skin
ner to attack Senator Butler for his in
sincerity. Mr. Bryan is in more danger
to-day from these friends than he Is from
the middle-of-the-roaders."
CINCINNATI, May 6.-The advance
workers of the National Convention of
the middle-of-the-road Populists, which
will meet here next Wednesday after
noon, arrived to-day. All are opposed to
fusion and almost everything else that
has any connection with other political
parties. They claim they represent a large
majority of the People's, party; that the
convention at Sioux Falls will contain a
minority of delegates, as over two-thirds
of the delegates were Instructed by their
States for the Cincinnati convention,
which will keep in the middle of the road
and not be side-tracked in the Interest or
anybody or any party. They call atten
tion to the fact that their call Is In accord
with the Omaha law-of 1892. excluding all
office-holders, and claim that the Sioux
Falls convention is in charge of Senators
Butler, Allen and Pettigrew and other of
fice-holders, the eame as the Republican
and Democratic conventions.
Nothing's "so nice In a nice home as
nicely, framed pictures, and they need not
be expensively framed either. Bring your
pictures to us and get our prices on fram
ing them for you. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
? WILLIAM HENRY HARRISON. ?
He had been a Jeffersonian Republican,
but was opposed to Jackson and to Free
masonry. Webster was nominated by the
Whigs of tha Massachusetts Legislature.
Judge White of Tennessee, representing
the Southern or State rights wing of the
Whig party, received the nomination of
the Legislature of that State and car
ried twenty-six electoral votes from Ten
nessee and Georgia. Mangum and Tyler,
as nullifiera, received those of South Car
olina. Clay, the real and beloved leader
of his party, received no electoral votes.
. Under such circumstances a Democratic
triumph was inevitable, but no sooner
was Van Buren's election assured than
the opposing forces were drawn together
in a powerful resistance to the policy
which he was believed to represent. His
administration was almost wholly given
up to efforts to adjust the finances of the
country, whose unsettled condition was
largely, though probably not wholly, ow
ing to the fiscal policy pursued by Jack
son. The President and. his administra
tion were unpopular. Responsibility for
the widespread suffering due to the crisis
of 1837 and the less extreme but more last-
Ing one of 1S39 was saddled upon Van Bu
ren. So was the gross corruption found
to- exist throughout the civil service.
That these were legacies from his prede
cessor could not avail him. Every day
the mustering factions of the opposition
grew stronger. One faction of the Whigs
clamored for a new United States bank
which should relieve the financial distress.
But the President was tirm. He had come
Into office without a policy of his own,
but pledged to that of Jackson. The de
struction of the national bank and then
the failure, in 1S37. of the State banks,
including the "pets," with their $9,000,000
of Federal funds, left the Government
without income for running expenses.
Congress was repeatedly forced to issue
treasury notes to tide over the emerg
ency. -¦* .
In an extra session of Congress Presi
dent Van Buren brought forward a plan
designed to separate the fiscal affairs of
the Government from all banking corpor
ations whatsoever. It is called the in
dependent treasury or the sub-treasury
scheme, and provided for the holding of
the public funds in vaults constructed by
the Government In several of the more
Important cities. A similar plan had
been proposed a few years before by a
Virginia member of the House, but had
not been received with favor. Nor was
it now received with unanimity by the par
ty. Democrats In both houses opposed it.
Bills were again and again voted down,
and not until 1840 was a sub-treasury bill
llnally passed which was expected to com
paote the "divorce of bank and state."
Little as either party recognized It, the
great "bank question" was now. at last,
removed from the list of distinctive party
questions. ,
But his firmness had. only made more
enemies for the President. His great ma
jority melted away. Calhoun. who hadl
taken his followers and allied himself
with the Whigs, when such action seemed
most likely "to advance the interests of
his cherished State rights, came back to
the Democrats, declaring the administra
tion too weak to be feared. Other South
erners, however swelled the Whig ranks,
and among them were Alexander H. Ste
phens and Robert Toombs. The Whig
party grew strong in the South as well as
in the North, while the wing of the Dem
ocratic party which followed Van Buren
shrunk to a faction called the locofocos.
Another set of political problems helped
to consolidate the whig party during this
period. Van Buren's colorless inaugural
address announced his comfortable faith
that the agitation against slavery would
never be able seriously to disturb the
tranquillity of the country; and. as almost
the sole point "upon which he did put forth
a policy of his own. the paper declared
the chief magistrate to be forever against
the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia. That memorable battle for the
right of petition In which John Qulncy
Adams won his most unfading laurels was
already bearun. and the President's posi
tion ¦ thus- rnnde known stirred. the aboli
tionists to greater activity. They flooded
Congress with petitions for abolishing
slavery In the District. The exasperated
slaveholders, led by Oalhoun. succeeded
In passing bills which forbade the pre
sentation of these petitions, and not till
1844 were the so-called "gag laws" at last
abolished.
Our unsettled relations with Mexico, also
a legacy from the previous administration,
were like a wizard's Incantation for rais
ing the inevitable ghost which was nevei
again to "down" until It should be burled
from sight beneath festering heaps of
brothers slain. Texas had declared Inde
pendence of Mexico and had been hur
riedly "recognized" by Jackson on ' the
last day of his Incumbency. In 1*07- she
;.skp<l for annexation to the United States.
The slaveholders . had long coveted the
vast -territory , for slave soil, nnd now
urged their claims upon Congress, while
counter petitions poured In from the
North. Even our Northern President with
Southern prtr.cinles feared to embroil his
administration further with tr<e rising tld<»
of anti-slavery sentiment or to Incur the
odium of a war- with Mexico which he
foresaw, and the Issue was staved off.
The Election of 184O
'"The political 'campaign or IS-W.** . a; - s
Henry A. AVlse "was In all respect* th««
most memorabl'J cvrr known to party pn
nals in'tbis country." V. was a onmpalijn
of . a new order. .Hoth parti<M h.vl nov
consolidated anu pori'rttecl their- machin
ery for re,rinte~2nB the party will. Roto
possessed trained and skillful leaders
With some ' vicissitudes -the Whigs had
been gathering: forces throughout Van Bu
ren's term. "As It drew to a close h 1 ? ad
ministration-stood condemned by its cor-
. MEMPHIS. Tenn.. May 6.— At sunset to
day an admiral's salute of seventeen guns
proclaimed the arrival of Admiral and
Mrs. Dewey at the city's gates— her
guests. A minute later, amid the acclaim
of thousands of citizens and visitors, the
distinguished couple stepped from their
special train and were driven to the Pea
body Hotel.
The train arrived from St. Louis at 6:13
P. m. The day's journey was passed
pleasantly and had no significant features
beyond the fact that at every station en
route hundreds of persons crowded the
platforms and Insisted on seeing the hero
of Manila. At Belleville, Cairo and Ful
ton Admiral Dewey shook hands with
many of the enthusiastic people.
Thousands were at the Poplar-street
depot in Memphis when the train arrived.
The streets leading to the depot were
jammed and the roofs of houses held hun
dreds eager to catch a glimpse of the ad
miral and his wife.
A reception committee met the visitors
and they were Immediately escorted to an
open landau drawn by four white horses.
When the admiral entered the carriage
he arose and bowed to the throng. • Im
mediately Company A, Confederate Vete
rans, made its appearance and Admiral
Dewey again arose and uncovered j his
head.
"Gallant-looking fellows, those." he
said to some one near him, and he again
saluted the men In gray. •
Under escort of the veterans and the
reception committee, Admiral and Mrs.
Dewey were driven through a cheering
multitude to the Peabody Hotel. At 8:&)
o'clock to-night a limited reception was
held in the parlors of the hotel, after
which the admiral and his wife retired for
a much-needed rest.
The celebration in honor of the city's
guests will extend through Tuesday, the
party departing for Nashville on Wednes
day morning. Memphis Is crowded with
visitors and nearly every downtown busi
ness house is profusely decorated In the
national colors.
An incident of to-day's trip occurred at
the South Fork (Tenn.) water tank, where
the engine stopped for water. Admiral
Dewey was standing alone In the rear of
his car, when an old gentleman, evidently
a farmer, rode up.
"Is Captain Dewey on this tralnt"
asived the farmer. ¦
The admiral saluted and replied: "Yes;
I am Captain Dewey. What do you
want?"
"Are you the fighting man I've heard so
much about?" asked the stranger.
"Well, yes, I reckon so," replied the ad
miral.
"Well. I knew the train would stop here
for water," said the farmer, "and my
little girls gathered these flowers In the
woods for you. We ain't city people, but
I thought you'd like them, so I drove over
with them to you."
There was a little moisture In the ad
miral's eyes when he grasped the man's
hand warmly and said:
"Go tell your little girls that I say.
'May God bless them.' and thanle*them
for me for the flowers."
Admiral Dewey was questioned to-night
concerning a statement said to have been
made by him at the " University Club
luncheon in St. Louis on Tuesday relative
to the United States being able to whjp
any nation on earth but England, and that
England was this country's friend, and
should be so regarded.
"The best answer to that question." said
the .admiral, "is. the statement in this
morning's paper in St. Louis by President
Lyonburger of the- University Club. In
which you will note he states that I did
not make the statement attributed to me.
It was made by. the president of the club."
Hero of Manila Touched by a Gift
of Wildflowers Sent by the
Children of a
Farmer.
Immense Throng Cheers
the Admiral and His !
Wife.
MEMPHIS GIVES
WARM WELCOME
TO THE DEWEYS
slonlsts bunkoed Sioux Falls out of $3500,
which will make their delegates cost over
$20 a head, I should Judge; but we were
unable to get anything more than $700.
Of course, all of us who have done the
preliminary work have worked without
remuneration, and we have had to dis
pense with music and ell extras and limit
ourselves to bare necessities. But we are
here for business and not to cut a swell,
and propose. to do the best we can. But
it does make us a little angry to have the
fusionlsts parading such a* statement be
fore the public and leading people to be
lieve that we have a barrel of money. I
wrote Senator Pettigrew the facts over
a week ago and asked that he set It right,
but up to this time I have heard nothing
from him. It does seem strange that any
man holding an office, secured at the sac
rifice of his party's purity and independ
ence, should throw out slurs at other peo
§le who do not see things as he does,
enator Pettigrew Is up for re-election in
South Dakota this year, and I do not
think It will help his chances much to
throw mud at true Populists."
TOWNE SUGGESTED
AS MATE FOR BRYAN
CHICAGO, May 6.— The Chronicle to
morrow will say: Bryan and Towne— that
was the way the probable Democratic,
Popullstlc and Lincoln Republican nation
al ticket was framed up as the result of a
conference yesterday between leaders of
the three parties at the Sherman House.
The Presidential nomination was not dis
cussed, as being a foregone conclusion,
but when the conferees had delved Into
the puzzle of the Vice Presidential 'situa
tion Charles A. Towne of Duluth stood on
a pinnacle of importance that dwarfed
other possibilities.
The Populist representatives at the con
ference were Senator Marion Butler of
South Carolina, chairman of the party's
National committee; General James B.
Weaver of Iowa and Congressman George
Shlbley of Virginia. The Republicans
were represented by Senator Pettlgrew of
South Dakota and ex-Senator Fred T. Du
bois of Iowa. The Democratic representa
tives at the conference were Vice Chair
man James J. Johnson of the National
committee and D. J. Campau of Detroit,
National Commltteeman from Michigan.
Colonel Bryan was not present, nor was
Mr. Towne.
"I am not Interested myself In the Vice
Presidential nomination." said Mr. Bryan.
"I have seen the men of the three parties
present in the city to-day, but I am not
saying anything regarding conferences. I
am going home tot a two months* rest on
mv farm." * -
The Populist plan does not contemplate
the nomination of Mr. Towne at the Na
tional convention this week at Sioux Falls.
The programme of the leaders, so far as
the leaders of the Populists can lay out
the work for a convention, contemplates
the nomination of Bryan, without nom
inating any one for second place.
The convention. It was stated, would
be asked to name a committee to attend
the Democratic and Sliver Republican
conventions in Kansas City. This body
will be empowered to ratify the nomina
tion of the two parties, which are expect
ed to agree on a national ticket, but in
case of their failure to put up a satisfac
tory running mate for, Mr. Bryan it will
be authorized to name a Populist candi
date.
The object In giving such extensive pow
ers to a committee, it was Intimated, was
that the party might-hold a club over the
Democratic party to Insure the reafflrma
tlon of the Chicago platform.
Assurances were declared to have been
given that this would be done, in which
case it was eaid nothing stood in. the way
of a satisfactory fusion of all three par
ties, thus avoiding the "Tom Watson mis.
take" of 1S26. , * V,\
Delegates to Sacramento.
MONTEREY. May 6.— W. J. Hill. Re
publican commltteeman for the Sixth
Congressional District, has appointed the
following; delegates to the State conven
tion at Sacramento May 15: C. F. Lacey.
N. 'A. Dorn, E. W. Card, T. J. Field. O.
S Trummer, W. G. Hudson. William Sar
los and Charles R. Melander.
NETV YORK. May 6.— Edwin Wild
man, former Vice Consul at Hong
kong, contributes an article on "A
Reign of Terror in the Philippines"
to Leslie's Weekly, of which the
following is an abstract:
Although General Otis would have us believe
that the war In the Philippines Is over, I learn
from private sources of information of the
highest authority that there exists a veritable
reign of terror In most parts of the archi
pelago and even within gunshot of our army
posts. Either General Otis Is blind to the
eituatlon or Is keeping the real facts from the
American people. Agulnaldo's forces have
scattered Into marauding bands, and. leaguing
themselves with the mountain Tullsanes and
Ladrones. terrorize the country and effectually
the Agulnaldo government and the Inhabitants
are in a state of terror that prevents honest In
dustry or open alliance with American sover
eignty. ' ' .
The American < troops make short work of
these robbers, but our garrisons are so far
apart and so few In numbers that they Invari
ably are obliged to fall ., back to a " seaport
town, where" they can get supplies from Manila,
for the Insurgents have so thoroughly ravaged
the country that it Is impossible to supply even
a small battalion with native products. "
If we ever hope to put an end to this India.
warfare we must send additional forces to tlu
Islands. Our' present "force Is totally Inade
quate to cope with the situation and bring
the war to a close. .The Islands, commercially
or otherwise, will be utterly useless until Ufa
and property are made safe.
check the cultivation of crops and th» sale of
marketable products.
Scattered bands ' of armed insurgents wage
war against all who hesitate to acknowledge
I The few ports that have been obtained have
shipped away the little supply they contained
and the tons* upon *tons of hemp, sugar and
rice that are stored in the interior are beyond
the reach of buyers. The money paid for the
thousands of bales of hemp shipped from gar
risoned ports has found Its way Into the insur
gent coffers and the revolutionary Juntas at
HonRkons and Singapore are making extensive
purchase* of arms, preparatory to a renewed
season of fUbustertng: and general hostilities as
soon as the rainy season Is over. Our army
Is busy protecting its. posts; while the insur
gents carry on their operations In the Interior
and paralyze agriculture and trade. .
Former Vice-Consul Wildman Says
the Insurgents Are Far From
Being Conquered.
ruptlon and by the popular feeling that
the hard times from which the country
had suffered so bitterly rendered •
"change" necessary. Against him wen
now united Democrats and survivors oi
the old Federalism, slaveholders and abo
litionists. Southern States-rights men and
broad constructionist3. nullltlers and na
tlonlsts. protectionists and anti-protec
tionists, bank men and anti-bank men, in
ternal Improvement men and anti-internai
Improvement men. Their motto j was,
"The union of Whigs for the sake of th«
Union."
The Whig Convention.
For the first time the Whigs held a na.
tlonal convention. It met at Harri.«bura
in December. VG9. To his bitter disap
pointment Olay railed to receive the nom
ination which he had fully expected. A
secret intrigue against him gave the nom
ination to General Harrison. The con
vention adopted a complicated and incon
venient rule for the balloting which was
never used again. It required the States
to vote as a unit (see "the unit rule" in a
previous article), but gave opportunity foi
secret balloting by the States and the us*
of committees in such way as to furni.it
every facility for schema and combina
tions. No platform was adopted, nc
principles set forth. Harrison appealed
to the voters as a man of personal Integ
rity and of a successful military cn.reer.
John Tyler of Virginia was. given second
place on the ticket. He was a life-long
pro-slavery Democrat of the* Calhour
school, but was a pronounced opponent ol
Jackson and Van Buren. He was nomi
nated In the belief that he could as Vic«
President do the Whig party little harm,
while the "bargain" which placed his
name upon the ticket Included the •lec
tion of a Senator from Virginia whom th«
Whigs expected to control.
The Democratic Convention.
Van Buren is said to have demanded ¦
renomlnation by way of vindication of his
official actions, and his fragment of a
party meekly did his bidding. The Demo
cratic convention met in Baltimore. Un
like the Whigs the Democrats had no
lack of party principles to uphold. Th«
platform drawn up at Baltimore in 1S-10 li
the first political platform, oroperly sc
called, in our history and ha.s furnished
the model and in. large n-»rt the st:t»tanc«
of the later Democratic platforms for
many y.pars.
The party was by that time fully com
mitted to strict construction of the con
stitution on all practical questions as
they arose and the platform of 1340 set
forth the articles of Democratic faith In
a series of uncompromising resolutions.
They declared the Federal Government to
possess limited powers, derived solely
from the constitution, whose grants ot
powers were to be always strictly con
strued: that the constitution does not con
fer power to carry on a general system
of internal improvements; that justic«
and sound policy forbid the General Gov
ernment to foster one branch of industry
to the detriment of another, or to cherish
the interests of one portion to the injury
»of another portion of the country; de
clared against a national bank and foi
the separation of the Government finance}
from banking institutions; advanced
economy of administration and a tariff foi
revenue only.
Conduct of the Campaign.
For such a campaign as that which fol
lowed genuine "Issues" were unnecessary.
One historian has said: "There has prob
ably never been a Presidential campaign
of more enthusiasm and less thought."
Although the Whigs went into battle with
the cry. "Down with the Tarqulns— away
with the spoilers," and their campaign
Q -?— <^-»- •§>-•- <s> -•- <s» -?_<$._?_ <£ -*-<£__»_^
speakers demanded that removals from
office should no longer be made without
statement of reasons, yet these facts
seemed to represent a mere spasm of vir
tuous feeling which the party was unabU
to live up to; for it. too, was soon found
to be poisoned by the virus of "spoils."
From the first. In view of the great pop
ular uprising such as had never been bo
fore. Van Buren's defeat was a foregona
conclusion. He represented the aristo
cratic element and was supposed to revel
in luxuries— such as "stuffed chairs" and
"gold spoons"— while Harrison as a "plain
farmer" was among and of the common
people and content, as campaign orators
affirmed, with a log cabin and a barrel oJ
cider. But there was really no discussion
In spite of the flood of oratory which de
luged the- land. By a sort of unreasoning
reaction from the depression and gloom of
the three preceding years, the -whole cam
paign was one long riot of rollicking
gayety and merry-making. There were
huge mass-meetings, which wholo fami
lies Journeyed many miles to attend.
There was no lack of eloquent and popu
lar speakers; there was music everv-whera
— bands Innumerable and a perfect flood of
catchy doggerel verse for campaign songs.
Sober, dignified and self-respecting dtl
zents not addicted to strong drink went
up and down the land roaring for "Tlppe
canoe and Tyler, too." and promising
with endless reiteration to "keep the ball
a-rolling" and to "beat little Van, Van,
Van." Never were such procesisons. mads
up of carriages, riders and footmen, the
gayest of banners, miniature steamships,
canoes, log cabins, elder barrels, raccoons
and Innumerable devices for attracting th«
populace. All was jubilant, confident ex
citement, for no one doubted the out
come. But the vote which elected Tlp
pecanoe and Tyler, too. was even morn
overwhelming than was anticipated by
the most sanguine. A'l but seven of the
twenty-six States were carried, and the
Whlga had won their first great victory.
THE WHIG PARTY IN AMERICAN POLITICS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
VI. THE WHIG PARTY.
Influence of Van Buren's Adminis-
tration Upon the Whig Party.
BY JESSE MACY. LL. D.
Jackson's commanding influence forced
his party to accept the man of his choice
as his successor. Van Buren was there
fore the Democratic candidate in the cam
paign of 1836 against the numerous nomi
nees put forth in irregular ways by the
various factions which made up the Whis
party. The Whigs, indeed, could hardly
yet be said to be a party, so diverse and
Incongruous were the elements composing
It. . The real nucleus of that which be
came the Whig party was to be found in
the National Republicans of John Qulncy
Adams' administration, who were. In a
sense, successors to the Federalists. But
by the end of Jackson's term of office all
the many political groups opposed to his
policy and methods gathered, for one rea
son or another, to make up the party of
the opposition, which called itself from
1S34 the Whig party. There was yet no
homogeneity of political principles, no
united party feelingr. no discipline, no ade
quate preparation for a contest with the
compact, well drilled, thoroughly organ
ized forces of the Democrats, who did not
scruple to use all the administrative pa
tronage to advance the party Interest?.
The Whigs held no national convention
in 1S36. but General William H. Harrison
was the candidate favored by the anti-
Masons and by several State conventions.
£ -+-4~ ?-<$¦-?- -fv -?- <J> -?- 'j> -?- <j- -?-$-?- q
REIGN OF TERROR
IN THE PHILIPPINES
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, M A Y> 7, 1900.
5
JOHN* TYLER.
OPEN
. SAN FRANCISCO
V-lilViAtjU
Santa Fe Route
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway System begs to
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Chicago-2550 miles. . v
It is the only railway which owns and controls. its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan.
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and it
hopes to receive a generous proportion of • the public patronage.
May 1st freight will be handled regularly to and from the East
and all points in the San Joaquin Valley arid Southern California.
Freight Depot : Corner S^ear and Harrison Streets.
The date for inaugurating passenger /.train service will be
announced later.
- . - - ¦ -. '; ' ¦ - ....-'¦¦_' , ¦¦ ii ii ¦ i ' - ¦ ¦ '¦-.., ,_' *£?\ t *" m
JOHN J. BYP NE, FDWARD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger /gent, , •i 1 *General Freight Agent,
Lines West of Albuquerque.]/;-/-
W. A. BISSELL, Assistairit Traffic Manager,' Santa Fe Sy sterhi
lation. while the nervous system is rap-
idly built up again and put to work
without confusion, thus bringing all the
important organs into harmony and re-
storing perfect health.
"About nevpn years ago I was all run
down with nervousness and heart trouble
and was so bad that I had to give up
work. I was nervous, sleepless and Irri-
table all the time, and although several
doctors treated me I did not improve any
under their care. Hearing Dr. Miles'
Xervine well spokrn of for such troubles
I commenced using it and grew bettar
froro .the start. When I had used three
bottles I felt that I was cured; but I still
keep a bottle of the Nervine on hand, and
when I am unusually tired or nervous I
take a dose and am all right again. I took
Dr. Miles* Nerve and Liver Pills along
with the Nervine and found them the best
Liver Pills on the market.
"ALBERT CRANE, Newark. Ohio."
Dr. Miles* Nervine Is sold at all drug
stores on a positive guarantee. "Write for
free advice and booklet to
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO.. Elkhart. Ind.
Ds. Miles' Nei?vine»
Nearly every disease is the sign of
poverty, either of the blood or of the
nerves. When the brain cells and nerv-
oos tissues are u?ed up faster than they
are repaired not only the brain and
nerves but every vital orgran of the body
cries out for help. Headaches, neural-
gia, heart disease, nervous dyspepsia
and liver and kidney troubles run ram-
pant in the helpless system, destroying
whatever strength remains until at last
the breakdown comes and then
Dr. Miles' Restorative Nervine is doing
a world of good for such weak, nervous
people, whose brain and body are over-
taxed, but who may yet be saved from a
state of indescribable wretchedness and
restored to lives of happiness and indus-
try. By soothing and strengthening
the secretive glands of the digestive or-
gans it facilitates digestion and assimi-
less, Nefbous, Irritable; all tun
Down* Cured by
Weak Pain in the Chest: Sleep-
Nerves Unstttmg.
AMU SEME-NTS.
*TIV£1LI*
Am I a Wiz? You Bet I Am!
EVERYTHING 18 COMIXG OUR WAT!!
To-Night Begins the 4th Week
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success,
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE.
Tht* ever.ir.r the officers and crew of the
F*rVnch cruiser "Protet" will attend.
special. ff*v-ig-i=a-JO.yiGqTi
Even"-
\
j
As Presented at
A- M. PALMER'S THEATER. N. T.
WITH ALL XETW ECENERT.
PRICES— 15cT£5c, 35c, 50c.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENIKO.
FROSTO sr.a WARDE: DB ARMO and TRO-
JAN; HERBETIT GILBERT CASTLE; MA-
ttEL IX CLAIRE; FAIRBANK BROTH-
ttrs: alice raymond: davenport
eisti:ks;'xew moving pictures.
Amateur Night, Thursday.
Cakewalk Night, Saturday.
Order Beatt by Phone— Park 23.
COKGERT HALL— THT C F.KAPP COMPANY
Corner Gclfien Gate avenue and Market street.
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
EVERY NIGHT. EVERY NIGHT.
ADM2££2ON FREE
FYench c
EPE
TO
RI
AMUSEMENTS.
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
CHAS. H. TALE'S Massive, Marvelous, Me-
chanical. Spectacular Romance,
™e EVIL EYE
— on, the —
MANT __
MERRY OP ISI ! PI
MISHAPS *~T 1> 1 L/... .— - -
and the WONDERFUL OF NOD
WOXDERIXGS
Introducing AL H. WILSON. ROSAIRE and
ELLIOTT: FANNIE BLOODGOOD;
The Famous PHASEY TROUPE.
The Bewildering Electric Ballet, The Human
Windmill. The Disappearing Rooms,
The Catapeltic Drawbridge.
SPECIAL PRICES— Sc. 3ic, 50c. 75c. $L
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
LAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
Great Double Bill. IYison Scene from
"FAUST." I^!>t Act "RIGOLETTO."
l"c— Admission— 10c. Matinee Sunday. '
NO MORE DREAD OF THE
DENTAL CHAIR.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
' SOLUTELY WITHOUT FAIN, by our late
ecientlflc method applied to the gum*. No
sleep-produclng agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and ingredients to extract, fill and apply fAl
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable frsru
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of"
teeth S5, a perfect flt guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fillings. Jl. Silver fill-
Ins*. 50c. All mork done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years* experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREE
FXAMINATION. -
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street, S. F.
HOURS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
£ visit DR- JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
i C% 1: :: mm a. let 6±*7&, s j. cu. A
\ - ; Cjj The Lsr^ett Anatomical Museum in the \
-fl ¦ -— fl— - World. W Mtncufs or any contracted £
V JStSCj <Ji4ca«.e p«-*»«J»«-ly«-«redb]rtheoldevt T
%; /iCixl ipeu&liucHtbcCout EsL^yom. %
i &^$zh Ok JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ fGl&bn <-o»«ult«tion frrc ind itrirtly prints. \
g I XSW^H Twttmem personally or bjr letter. AS
tf fl X Si M ilo*. fit a tVrc in every ca*e undertaken. T
Aril & Write for Eook.PRaOSoraVtri
rl I i *& atnnucE. mailed frbb. (At
A (I I valuable bock foi mrnj \
; ,' Dn. JOCDAP;&*M)..105tMarkpt8t.,8. F. f
Pa 1 a no The c 0 ™*?, vass&tn-
idldvv wa y connecting: these
two Immense struc-
— —^—^— — — tures places under
_ one management 1400
qt*iH rooms. 900 of which
ClllU. have baths attached.
• Tourists and travel-
"""~^~"""~^^~~"" ers from every section
/¦<( J of tne world recognize
1-jfJinfl and appreciate the
*** M11V * comfort" and convenl-
ences offered by these
hotels.
TJ_X-1_ American plan. Eu-
JuLUlv/lO ropean plan.
uMpt^^mV > cHhssvB JlsfeS i^Bp^^*Bst^ui
BSEpfcW K VrlL__\l sH •ftbCS
m BBT^SfT *•** «flfi53fl sB ¦¦» Aw
BOM — Wfl^^T VB rrV 06i^Ibbbbbl^v[b*bb>]
|fl D la fE&S Sti Ess I wno B
fW FAVORBTE
f OR WEAK WOMEN .
Mil. T. HESS.
K0TART tXJAlAO AH0 ATTCBNKY-Af-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels Bias.
Telephone Brown ML
Residence. 821 California su. below Powell.
Ban Francisco. - '
r\ ¦ I"!" . n Oil 1 I Corner . Fourth and
iCftFE ROyJL^«' F^
Will ¦• i»W • llfc— 5c . 'Overcoats, and
VallsescheckeU free.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 'The shooters purpose having a big re
volver tournament, from the best shota at
which the American team is to be select
ed to shoot * in the ¦ international match.
An extra prize of 500 francs has been of
fered by: a French gentleman to the win
ning: team In the big match. ,
NEW. YORK, May 6.— Preliminary prac
tice has begun in earnest for the Franco-
American team revolver match, which Is
to be shot In New York and Paris be
tween June 1 and 20, the results to be
announced by cable.1 Crack shots in St.
Louis, -Chicago, Pittsburg, . Philadelphia,
Baltimore and Boston "are beginning to
send in their scores for approval by the
executive committee of the. United States
Revolver Association of , New York. , The
Americans in this city are practicing at
the Manhattan : Revolver Club.
ican Tournament.
Practice Begun for the Franco-Amer-
BEVOLVEB MATCH.
n 3 v£% n °?l a 0 ; Iverson 83. R- Either SJ.
w^ H h, P^ llX £' £ Schneider 40. Corporal O.
w?« f.i nr A on 33> , Ser «f e *nt C Andrews 41. F.
W lid 84. Corporal P. Schonig 40. D. aeffens 18
Corporal F H. Uwn 10. Lieutenant % Hansen
19,.Dr. Meierdlerks 40. A. Wolf gram 11.
There was a fair attendance at the reg
ular class medal shoot of the Independent
Rifles. This organization shoots the mili
tary musket on the Blunt target? The
scores In tenshot strings were as follow:
»».T ! I" t V. Fr!tz Kalser : second. C. Weggermann;
third. G. Hetzel: fourth, L. LaubscherTfifth,
O. Dammer.
First champion class— C. Weggemann 412
rings; second champion class— G. Hetzel 33«
first class-O Dammer, 333; second class-X
Stlberzahn. 307; third class— L. Laubschcr 191
best first shot-O. Dammer. 24; bSt lSt ihoi-
O. Damxner, J2; most centers— O. Dammer. I.
In the bullseye contest the results were:
There was but little shooting yesterday
at the Shell Mound range. Wind and
light conditions were good, although late
in the day the breeze was rather stiff
from the west. The members of the
Deutscher Krleger Verein held their
monthly contests for class medals and
bullseye competition for cash prizes The
first was twenty shots on the 25-nng tar
get and. the latter was decided by the best
centers as shown by the measuring ma
chine. Annexedare the results-
MARKSMEN SHOOT ON
SHELL MOUND RANGE
22 and 25 rifle medaJs. 50 yards — Dr J F
Twist, 26: Mrs. C. F. Waltham, 31, 33. 34; E. A*
Allen, 44: N. A. Robinson, 7L 'Record scores—
E. A. Allen. 32 • 86.
Pistol, class medals, experts— G. M. Barley 33.
F. O. Young 45. A. B. I»rrell 66. C. M. Dalss
78. Sharpshooters— P. Becker 67, Dr. J. F.
Twist 68, G. Hoadley 75. Marksmen— F. Hasa
mann 59. Mrs. C. F. Waltham 83. Mrs. G. Man
nel 84. G. Mannel 91. E. A. Allen 96. A. R.
Partridge 83. F. W. Page 109.
Twist revolver medal — A. H. Pape, 69, 63. 71;
F. S. Washburn. 80.
Pistol medal, all comer*— F. O. Young, 47, 54*
C. M. Dalss, 50, 62;, G. Hoadley, 61, 68- P
Becker. 64. 69; Dr. Twist, 72, 75. Pistol record
rcore,s— O. Barley, 44, 5S; Mrs. Mannel, 76; N. A
Robinson. 104.
Rifle, class matches, experts— A. H.. Pape> 68.
F. O. Youne 70. A. B. Dorrell 72. Sharpshooters
— C. M. Datss S3, G. Mannel 96, O. Barley 12S,
F, 8. Washburn 151. Marksmen— E. E. Beaman
So. Mrs. C. F. Waltham 91. Dr. J. F. Twist 109.
Dr. H. C. Trask 137. R. W. E<1*ren 145. E. A
Allen ISO. Mrs. Mannel 181. F. W. Page 1S4. N.
A. Robinson 221. A. R. Partridge 221
All comers, re-entry, rifle, medals — A. B. Dor
rell. 46. 63. 71. 77, 81. 71; A. H. Pape, 55. 62. 64,
70; C. M. Daisa 66, 71. 75. 84, 104; F. S. Washburn
82, 90, 90. ICO: O. Mannel, 87. 96. 99, 103. 136; Dr.
Trask. 192: F. O. Youn*. 68. 89. Rifle record
scores— Dr. J. F. Twist. 175; R. TV. Edicren. ISO.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot at Harbor View yesterday was
crowded. It was a bad day for Rood
scores owing to the changing light. A. B.
Dorrell carried off the honors with the
rifle and G. Barley with the plstoL In a
fifty-shot match with the rifle A. B. Dor
rell and F. S .Washburn beat C. M. Dalss
and G. Mannel. Scores. Columbia target,
off-hand shooting: t
tests at Harbor View.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club Con-
BAD LIGHT FOB SHOOTING.
Handicap medal shoot— Lewis 17. Plsanl 12.
Freece 12. Mlchelsson 16, Olsen 18. Rlcke 19 De
benhan IS, Welsfort 14. U. M. C. 22, McDon
ald 16. FlBher 19. Feudner 24, Hoyt 16, Funcke
19. Jevette Jr. 22, Iverson 20, Mitchell 18.
Regular club shoot— Hoyt 21, Fay 6, Hess 13,
Dcbenhan 19, F. Feudner 23, Golcher (special)
23. Fry 16. M. McDonald IS. Newkert 7. Wers
haupt 16, Claussen 10, Iverson 12. Herrlne 7.
Shields 17. Wollam 12. P. J. Clausen St. F. C
Wiesfort 8, Mlchelsson 15, Barber 7. Preece 11
Rlcke 14, Fisher 13. Olsen 13. Jevette Jr. 17
Itjen 12, Helms 11, Plsanl 11. Funcke 13, Trom
bone 22, F. Herring 8. Mlt-heli. 17, U. M. C. IS.
Jansen 9, Wolpcrt 21, Rlngle 12, Lewis 17
Drleschman S. • • -' .
The Union Gun Club held a shoot at
their grounds at Ingleside yesterday. In
addition to the regular club shoot a hand
icap medal event was shot off. . Feudner
won first medal and Mlchelsson won sec
ond "medal in a shoot off with McDonald
Following are the scores:
Matches at Ingleside.
0— Missed.
• — Dead out of bounds.
Union Gun Club Members Shoot Two
BREAK BLUEROCKS.
Third event— 25 birds; entrance $15:
Heidelberg ...".12022211110121212110— W
Q. Anderson 121120210210— W
J. Breuner 2122111121221220211220212—23
J. Rice 2222221212212221122122001—23
W. H. Williamson 1222112221222220222222122—24
C. H. Shaw 222222202222222202220— W
C. A. Halght 2222222220222222222222222—24
M. O. Feudner •22222222222222222102220— W
J. Karney 2121121121120202222222122—23
P. Walnh 12222222222112»2211212222— 21
C: C. Nauman .'. 221201011212220— \V
A. Kooa 02*00— W
E. Ponohoe 000— W
J. Rea 011200— W
P. B. Bekeart ;..K222221222021222222222*2-23
Parker :..020»— W
A. M. Shields .11*12*2122120— W
Extra event — B-blrd sweepstake; $2 50 entrance:
Donohoe 2 112 • 0
Derby 1*12 2 2
Walsh 2 11112
Shields ; 0 1 1 1 1 0
Fano 0 12 0 2 0
Br*uner 2 2 •— W
Rnos 2*0202
Rice 1 1112 2
Parker 10 0 2 0 2
"Parker" 1 0— W
G. Anderson 2 2222121122 2—12
C. A. Haieht 2 3 0— W
C. C. Nauman .2 2212211112 2—12
P. Walsh 2 112 2 0— W
C. Lion 2 2«-W
"Wilson" 1 112221122 0— W
J. Karney 1 1211222121 2—12
J. Breuner 2 22222222 0— W
A. Ross 2 0— W
J. J. McIIale 2 2 2 0— W
Midweek coursing will be resumed on
Wednesday, the supply of hares being
again equal to the demand. The draw
will be held to-night In Pythian Castle.
John H. Rosseter, who has spent six
months in England, has started for home
and is due here on the 15th lnst.
Second round — Thornhlll beat Rude AwaJcen-
Ing. 3-1; Forest King beat Victor King. 12-6:
Whitehead beat Erin. 3-2; Cash beat Lord
Byron, 12-3; Scottish Chief beat Old Glory. 8-1;
Blackette beat Sleety Mist, 3-0: Slim beat Ran
dom Aim, 7-4; Brutus beat Little Sister. 16-13:
Lear King beat Jesatca. 19-15: May Queen beat
Sara. 5-0; Hadlwlst beat Anchor. 7-5.
Third round— Forest King beat Thornhill.
17-11; Whitehead beat Cash, 7-5; Blackette beat
Scottish Chief, 6-0; Brutus beat Slim, 9-6; May
Queen a bye. Lear Klny," withdrawn ; Hadlwlst
a bye.
Fourth round — Whitehead beat Forest Klnjr,
5-0: Blackette beat Brutus, 3-1; May Queen beat
Hadiwlst. 9-7.
Fifth round— Whitehead beat Blackette, (-1;
May Queen a bye.
Deciding course— Whitehead beat May Queen,
12-2.
T. J. Cronin's Thornhill beat J. P. Thrlff«
St. Michael, 5-0: Pasha Kennels' Rude Awaken
ing beat J. L* Rofs' Just Tip. 16-6: J. Sherldan"s
Forest Kins beat It. L. Taylor's Winning I^as
sle. S-3; G. Abercromble'B Victor King- beat R.
E. de B. Lopez's Diablo, 10-4; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Whitehead beat J. Sheridan's Forest
Qui-en, 5-3: M. Dunlea's Erin beat R. L. Tay
lor's Beauty Spot, 3-1; E. & R. Scott's Lord
Byron beat A. Van der White's Master Gordon,
8-3; Curtis & Son's Cash beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Soft Goods, 4-1; J. Ilolden's Scottish
Chief beat Sterl & Knowles' For Glory. 4-3;
Curtis & Son's Old Glory beat Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne, 5-4; Curtis & Son's Blackette beat
Guli Abercrombie's Rock Island King, 3-1; Sterl
& Knowles' Sleety Mist beat J. J. Edmonds'
Whisky Hill. 3-1 -. J. Martinet's Slim a bye.
Narcissus withdrawn: D. Winder's Random
Aim beat J. Hurley's Shylock Boy. 6-0; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Mlnne
Wa Wa. 3-1; F. A. McComb'» Lltffc Sister beat
T. Logan's Miss Grizzle, 5-1; A. Van der
White's Lear Kin? beat J. L. Stilwell's Alex.
5-0; J. L. Ross' Jesslc& beat J. I. O'Brien's
Wandering: Tom, 7-4; Erwin & Lyon's May
Queen beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda. 4-0;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara beat Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured. 10-2: Curtis & Son's Anchor beat
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs. 4-2: A. Ma»
sey's Hadlwlst beat AI Austin's Firm Foe. 3-2.
May Queen, the runner-up for the stake,
had a' narrow escape from being P u t out
In the fourth round by Hadtwist. She had
the speed, but the hare favored her op
ponent, and the score was 7—7 Just before
the kill. May Queen secured this and
won.
Narcissus was withdrawn after his hard
course of Saturday.
Scottish Chief was the surprise of the
day. He first defeated For Glory at odds
of 6 to 1. defeated Old Glory in the next
round and was then retired by Blackette,
a Curtis representative. The detailed re
sults, with Judge John Grace's official
scores, follow:
R. E. de B. I,opez & Son's game grey
hound Whitehead went flying through the
open stake yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. The farther he went the greater
speed he showed. This was especially no
ticeable In the deciding course, officials
in the field saying he ran faster than at
any time for three months. In this course
he met May Queen, the property of Erwin
& Lyons of Texas. The big dog had all
the best of the early part of the course,
which took the brace of greyhounds
across the field. Near the end he fell
heavily, and the spectators thought he
would not come back. The bulldog in his
nature asserted itself and his opponent
scored but two points when he killed, win
ning the course and the stake by twelve
points to two. Whitehead had previously
beaten Forest Queen 5—3, Erin J^-2, Cash
7—5, Forest King 5—0 and Blackette 6—1.
He was a prohibitive favorite in the final,
the prevailing odds being 10 to 1.
Forest King was the unfortunate dog of
the stake, getting long courses with Vic
tor King and Thornhlll before meeting
Whitehead. Whatever chances he may
have had disappeared after these courses.
In his course with Thornhlll he ran on*
minute and forty-eight seconds. Lear*
King showed marked improvement, but
a course with Jessica, in which they ran
two minutes and ten seconds, resulted In
his being withdrawn In the succeeding
round.
R. E. de B. Lopez's Greyhound
Captures the Open
Stake. .
WHITEHEAD RUNS
LIKE THE WIND
AT ONION PARK
Corbett's method of training has differed
considerably from his preparation for
former contests since he went to Lake
wood. Corbett has done comparatively lit
tle road work, taking to horseback ridlne
instead. His principal forms of exercisa
have been wrestling, boxing- bouts with.
Gus Iluhlln, skipping rope, side-stepping,
feinting, short walks and horseback rid
ing. On Saturday the former champion,
boxed twenty-three rounds with Ous
Ruhlin, and finished the bout In a manner
that convinced his trainers ho would
make a hard fight. • .
"A lot of smart fellows." said Corbett,
"think that I am a has-been; but I will
surprise all of them when I put on tha
gloves with Jeffries. I admit that soma
of my fights since I fought Fitzslmmons
at Carson Indicated that I had gone back,
but my showing in those battles was not
my true form. 1 did not train properly for
them. I feel as strong to-day as when I
defeated John L.. Sullivan."
"A great many persons profess to be
lieve tiiat Corbett has seen his best days
as a hgnter. Weil, I don't. I think Jim
has several good tights in him yet. and
will make a nne showing against me; but
1 am conttdent that I will knock him out
before twenty-ftve rounds are- fought Cor
bett is a much bt-tter man than either
Kltzslmmons or Sharkey, and his ability
to side-step, together with his fine gen
eralship, make him a hard man to reach
but I expect to land on him just as ef
fectively as I did on Fltzslmrnons and
Sharkey."
NEW YORK, May 6.— Prize flghtln*
having been declared legal, interest la
now centered In the heavy-weight cham
pionship battle between Jeffries and Cor
bett at Coney Island Friday night. Jef
fries and Corbett have been training for
the last two months, and now announco
that they are in perfect physical condi
tion.
Jeffries, who has been receiving his
preparation at Asbury Park, aaid to-day:
"I nave never felt in better tnm for bat
tle than at present. It would have been a
pity to have postponed the bout indefinite
ly. I was not quite myself when I fought
bharkey, weigmng leas than 200 pounds
and being handicapped by a serious In
jury to my left hand. In spite of these
drawbacks, however. I defeated tho sailor.
To-day I am stronger and in better shapa
generally than I have been since I won tno
championship from Fltz3immons. I now
weigh 212 pounds, and my left hand la ia
periect working order.
Champion Says He Is in
Better Condition Than
Ever Before.
CORBETT AND
JEFFRIES ARE
IN FINE FORM
BRAW SCOTCH LADDIE
STANDS OFF THE TURK
IMPORTED MOSE
A GOOD ONE IN
FIST COMPANY
Taylor's Dog Wins Cham
pion Stake in Good Style
at Ingleside.
R. L. Taylor's Mose won the sixteen
dog champion stake at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday with Captain Cane's
Greenhall as runner-up. Connemara was
well backed in the run down against Syl
vanus at 3 to 1 and was looked upon as a
dangerous candidate for the stake. The
veteran campaigner seemed out of. form
when he was slipped and finally went
down to defeat, the first time in many
stakes, carrying the sympathy as well as
the money of his backers with him.
The stake-winner was in fine form,
beating Healey's good one, Slsquoc, on a
strong hare, then Sylvanus, Mayflower
and Greenhall in short order.
Greenhall, the runner-up, showed in fine
form and was worked hard all day. The
hares were strong enough to make the
hounds extend themselves, and long
courses were plentiful. . The champion
stake produced quite a few short-enders.
Sylvanus beat Connemara, 1 to 3: Green
hall beat Crawford Lad, 1 to 2; McKinley
beat Mayflower, 1 to 3, and Greenhall beat
Hot Haste, 1 to 2.
Palmflower v/on the open stake and
Cane's Miss Penman was runner-up. The
hard running of Saturday had its effect.
Ripple. Mamie Pleasant, Flyaway and
Benicla Boy being withdrawn from the
stake. Rusty Gold went out to Glenroy
in the second tie after a grueling course,
lasting nearly three minutes. She led
Glenroy well to the hare. The stake-win
ner beat Little Fulierton. Remus, Glen
roy, Master Lawrence, St. Anthony and
Miss Penman, and in each event with
plenty to spare.
Following 1 are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Open stake, first tie — \V. Cramer's Jesse
Moore beat Hartcls Brothers' Winning style.
3 — 2: J. .Sutton's Master Lawrence beat Dan
O'Connell's Satan. S— 2; Kay Brothers' Hawker
a bye: H. Lynch' s I^exlnston beat W. Glas
son's Sleigh Bells. 5—0; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty
Oold beat Lowe ft Thompson's Prince Hal. 7—1:
M. Michiliki's Glenroy beat D. J. Healey's
1-ady Chilre. 13 — 5: J. Potter's Remus beat D.
Toland's Twilight Jr., 16—11; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Palmflower beat Lowe Ac Thompson's
LJttlt- Fulierton. 6—1; O. W; Helntz's Rustic
Beauty beat E. M. Keltogg's Iowa Maid, 6—1:
S. Hansen's L. 8. Conley a bye; D. E. Wiley's
HlRh Born Lady » bye; Sterl & Knowles' OHta
beat Lande & Gerber's 2.1ont 1.1a. B^-5; D. J.
Healey's Nicaslo a bye; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Miss Allen beat T. J. McHugh's Maid of
the Mill, 4-?; D. Tolar.d's Pleasant Girl beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Ml.«s Cable. 3—0;
Captain Cane's Miss Penman beat M. J. Kelly's
Evershore, 4—2: James Byrnes' Battleship beat
M. J. Kelly's Night Time. 4—3; Oeorire Nether
cott's Freda C beat James Dean's Brilliamlne.
4—3; P. Horgan's Lucretla Borgia beat M.
Walsh's Mary Jane. 6—2; N. P. Whiting's St.
Anthony beat J. McNeil's Black Hawk, 4—3.
Second tie— Master I^iwrence beat Jesse
Moore. 7 — 4; Hawker beat Lexington. 15 — 11:
Glenroy beat Rusty Gold, 12—14; Palmflower
beat Remus. 12—1; L. S. Conley beat Rustic
Beauty. 4—0; Olita beat High Born Lady. 7—4;
Miss Allen beat Nicaslo, 14—0; Miss Penman
iieat Pleasant Girl, 6—2; Freda C beat Battle
ship, 15 — 6; St. Anthony beat Lucretla Borgia,
4—3.
Third, tie — Master Lawrence beat Hawker, 8-0;
Palmflower beat Glenroy, 12-1; Olita beat L. S.
Conley. 14-2: Mies Penman beat Miss Allen, 8-«;
St. Anthony beat Freda C, 11-4.
Fourth tie — I'almflower beat Master Law
rence, 4-3; Miss Penman beat Olita, 6-2; St.
Anthony a bye.
Fifth tie — Palmflower beat St. Anthony, 7-0;
Miss Penman" a bye. '
Final— Palmflower beat Miss Penman. 6-3.
Champion stake— H. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Crawford Lad beat Harrljran & Wle
caml's Overture. 4-0; Captain Cane's Greenhall
beat Lowe & Thompson's King's Borderer, 15-9;
H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran. 7-2; F. A. McComb's
Hot Haute beat T. J.' Cronin's Vandal, 6-3; J.
R, Smith's Sylvanus beat James Dean's Con
nemara, 9-3; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat D. J.
Healy's Slsquoc, 13-4; J. Button's Mayflower
beat Georfre Whitney's Tberon. 6-' Curtis &
Son's McKinley beat Russell. Allen &. Wilson's
Master Claire, 7-4.
First tie— Greenhall beat Crawford Lad. 16-4;
Hot Haste beat Rocker, 10-6: Mose beat Syl
vanus, 8-1; Mayflower beat McKinley, 7-2.
Second tie— Greenhall beat Hot Haste. 8-2;
Mose beat Mayflower, 5-2.
Final— Mose beat Greenhall, 10-3.
After a rest of *»n minutes Hans Klein,
whose size belied his name, was intro
duced. Hans yawned and looked bored.
He wore a suit of blue underwear, which
set off his curves to advantage. Along
side of iiis husky opponent he looked a
veritable pygmy, yet he blushinsrly stated
he weighed 230 pounds. He was to re
ceive a dollar a minute for each minute he
stayed. He earned in the first bout the
Eum of ?16 35. The Turk saw his receipts
being eaten up and in the second bout
tried hard for a fall and succeeded In se
curing one after tho Swede had earned $5.
A challenge was then shouted from the
platform that the victorious "Lion" would
meet all comers and pay them a "plunk"
for each minute they remained hostile.
A valiant youth named Fitzgerald with
more whisky in him than strength tried
his hand, but did not earn ten cents. He
was set on his head and then smothered
by the lumbering son of the desert.
The performance given in the theater
was excellent. The Dulce Sisters sansr
sweetly, the Japanese troupe did Kreat
stunts. Professor H. C Romaine took a
slide for life on a bicycle without burst
ing his tire, Priscilla Davis sang like a
nightingale, Romalo Brothers did some
marvelous head balancing and Kelton.
Hijrgins and Kelton did a great knock
about turn.
HAL.I ADALI, better known as the
"Terrible Turk" or the "Sultan's
Lion," was scheduled yesterday at
Glen Park to try conclusions with
A. G. Olsen, who goes through life under
the awe-inspiring title of the "Ferocious
Swede," but owing to the illness of the
latter the contest was postponed. As a
large number of people journeyed to Glen
Park to see the Turk and the Swede per
form, the management substituted J. J.
Cameron, a bonny Scot, and Hans Klein,
a tall Swede. Klein wrestles each day
with bales and boxes on the water front.
Adali was expected to throw Cameron
within fifteen minutes and failed to fulfill
the contract. The Scotchman wriersrled
and twisted, dodged and sweated to such
good purpose that the Turk was unable
to throw him. Whereat the populace was
glad and cheered loudly.
Tho "Terrible Turk" put forth his best
efforts, but Cameron's accent was too
much for him. When Hall Adall secured
his famous "jail" hold the braw Scotch
man ejaculated, "Dinna ye ken, mon. ye
canna doon me," and when the Turk
caught hold of the Caledonian's kilts he
howled "Hoot mon!" so lustily that tho
"lion" released his grip.
BIG MONEY FOR
OWNERS ON EACH
OF THE TRACKS
Burns and Waterhouso Head
the List With a Tidy
Sum.
The lonpr race meet, which closed on
Saturday last at Oakland, was one of the
most successful ever given by the Califor
nlt Jockey Club. The attendance from its
Inception was large and the morale of the
Fport above reproach. This was due to
careful attention given to the pport by
Judges Murphy and Hopper and Presiding
Steward Price. On special days upper
swelldom graced the occasion with its
presence, and altogether the game never
frecmed in a more healthy condition than
when the gates were closed Saturday, on
one track -at least.
Bookmaker Barney Sohreiber will de
part for 6t. I^ouls to-day. Barney had a
very successful season, takes his bread
rmilo away with him and says he will be
out here next season.
A major jx>rtion of the smaller stables
will take in :h* big meeting at Denver,
June 5* to 23. Billy Kandall. Frank Mc-
Mahon. Sam Morton. \V. MeArthur and a
hcFt r-.l others wi'il soon head for the Colo
ra<1u metropolis. Advices from Denver
t&y it will l>e the biggest meeting held
there in ytars.
Drlow is £ivt>n a list r>f the owners and
etablc-s Fucces^ful in winning JlooO or more
ein.ee the opening of the season last Sep
tember:
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 11013000—7
Base hits 13301201 0—11
Stockton 012000000—3
Base hits 0 02100000—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harper 5. Home runs—
Katcan. Hughes. Sacrifice hits— Doyle, Babbitt,
Morrow. Harper. Flirt base on errors — Sacra
mento 1. Stockton 4. First base on called balls
— Oft Doyje 3. of! Harper 2. Left on basea —
Sacramento 7, Stockton 4. Struck out— By
Doyle 3, by Harper 5. Hit by pitcher— Stanley,
Stultz. Double play— Stultz to Eagan to Han
lon. Time 0/ frame — 1 hour 65 minutes. Umpire
— Donovan. Scorer — I. C. Nathan.
I [3 3
OWNERS. 3 5 ~
? 5 i
: : _j
Burr.,. A- \Vnterhou»f....! JTT.615 | JS.42S j f3C.O4O
E. O».r»-l*an I 2S.65* 15.650
B. Pchroiber 12.<C7 j 1L7G5 I3.7S2
Dr. If . E. ltowell 15.545 2.S50 j IS. 455
W. P Jennings >.«75 | 4,950 j 14.625
Carruthers & shields. ...| C. 170 j S.900 I 13,O7i
J. K. S-.-h.MT I 4.3.y> ! 5.723 M.lOj
J. O. Brown & Co «.t2i 3.400 S>.41'3
"U\ R. t-u-zal^r* S.3&5 3.47S ; S.fcGO
Cambria Stable 5,1*5 3. CO 3.743
J. Nayii-e Burk 5.W5 2,923 S.510
C K. Durnell 4,!j>0 4.2;5 fc.465
J. Coffey 6,5»HS Zi75 S.27O
W. Shiol.li- 425 6.275 6.700
\\\- n Sink Jr 4.32S 2.S23 6.C5i,«
Ko?r;er A Hackett 4,940 1.175 €.115
L. H. IJcpII 60* 5.3T5 5.P25
Atkln & Uittrldge 4.S10 | fc23 6,635
Cai-sar Young 4.173 j 1.225 5,4<»
J*;:) Cameron & Co 3.790 1.J75 S.S63
K. J. Baldwin 1.850 3.25-0 5.100
P. Hyan.: *2S 4.2O0 6.025
Charles litwts 2.fcO«> i,S25 4.72o
A B. Spr.^ke'.s 4.505 4.505
M. Storn Mi-J 2.41*) 3.S5O
V. L. Stanfleld 2.635 1.175 3.819
TV. D. Kar.dall M95 1.775 8.670
IV Hiidreth 2.345 I.?*) 3.545
John Carroll 3.500 3.500
A. J. i>lf:r.ler 1,985 LM 3.4S5
B. F. fcmith 3,r.7O 400 3.470
J. Poley 2,120 1.323 3,4ia
J. J. Moran 1.660 1.7a0 8,410
G. f-ummer* 2.E2<> 775 3.K5
X. .Morehouse SM> 2.200 3.1H0
E. I^anitran 225 2.5«O 3.175
F. McMahon 4 Co 1.82» 1.275 3,055
\V. F. Shulte 2.1S0 »00 3.0S6
C. Und 1.075 1.950 S.CC3
O. F ltomlgh I.S2S 1.450 2.S75
H. HukIick 1310 1.623 2.925
T. G Kersruson 1.015 1.S00 2.S9&
&rnsh«* Uroth*r» 1.2T5 1.6C0 2.S75
H. L. Jones & Co 2.010 825 2.635
J. P. Gibson & Co 2.6S5 £0 2,735
B»m I'fj-ker LOO 1,223 2,713
Jf. J. Jones 1.355 1.273 2.630
Millar is Blater I.t2'> 1,075 2.5»5
1J. M. Hanlon 2.0«0 425 2.506
D. HoniB 1.255 1.175 2.435
Hur:ir.came Stock F»rm 1.185 1.209 2,395
V. Philltpp 1,315 1.025 2.340
W P. Fine 1S5 2.1C") 2.K5
V. Appleby 1,140 1.125 2.2C3
E. F. I>l-a-2rd5 1.570 225 2.19S
ti+orK~ W. Miller 435 1,725 2.161
A. Simons 1.S50 775 2.125
H. T Grlfftn 1.423 675 2,095
A. Wrirht 655 1,425 2.0S0
I>oss & Co 930 1.125 1.053
True Itrtton Stable 925 1.123 2.050
W. Fisher 1,915 1W 2.015
J5. Kemr.fAy 1.2fX) 775 1.S75
Dallas Stable l^*"' 450 1 R50
Vf, H. Majrrane 1,550 tV) 1.&50
T. E. MrLAUghlln S73 375 1800
J. McCaffrey 1.S40 1.840
W. CkhUI 1.1W C75 1.S35
J. F. F>fX 1.3X1 373 1.755
J. H. Fhields 1.670 25 1.6H5
C. Vf. Chappell 1.225 375 1.C90
J. P. Rothert 6W »75 1 Cij
P. EL Fmlth... 1,580 7a l,63j
E. Hubliell 730 SOO 1.63d
1). K. Fountain 1.0<>3 S50 15^
J. \V. ONell & Co 750 8<W li»3i
M. J. Collins 695 »25 1520
B. L*ndtl*nr A. Co MS 6»» 1.44.".
I>an McCarty £10 875 1.3*5
Marruj Italy f,?,(> 731) x 3S0
A. M. Unnell &25 ST.O 1375
P. F. C«pp* R»0 550 1,379
>. O BlaJcely 34; 1,000 1.345
«». W. Scott 1.33S 1.235
H. P. Tate 1.223 1.32;
K. Lloyd & Co R45 475 1320
Orar.*- & Owen E75 7» i t »75
M. Allaman 870 400 1270
VT. C. Morken 1,000 "25 1,225
W, A. St'rtesbury 50 l.ir.0 ],20i)
J. C. N.-.!.-!i K Co 525 650 1.175
If. M. Schwartz 25 I 1.1B0 1 175
Mr*. M. J. Smith 340 E25 Lies
B. P. Ni^holls 715 «5 £141
Jame* Wilson K2S 3fiO 1 125
J. J. Donovan 1.C15 1M ins
E. r.. MrCnnnell &Co.. 1.100 noo
C. Fpooner 9TA 100 1 O."5
G. \V. nal<3«-ln BTA 600 1050
J. I>. Dunn 1.000 50 L©.V>
O. Appleby 705 325 103}
P. Moor* 925 | 75 l|(M0
There has be*>n no fair held here In
three years, and it is proposed to makt.
this the best one ever held In the county.
There is an appropriation of $2100 availa
ble from the State, and the citizens have
EUbscrlbed the Bum of $1000. The new
board of directors is composed of some of
Napa's best business men, viz.: O. W.
6trohl, J. S. Taylor, E. S. Bell. J. 8. Tay
lor. Arthur Brown. D. S. Kyecr, Charles
VtlU and G. \V. Berry.
NAPA. May C— The Directors of the
Napa Agricultural Association have de
cided to hold a race meet here during the
week beginning July 9 and ending July 14
The Napa track is considered one of the
best in the State, and is being put fn first
class shape. There will also be a pavilion
exhibit held, at which the products of
the county will be exhibited and large pre
miums offered.
hibited in July.
6p*clal Dispatch to The Call.
County Products Will Also B* Ex-
BACE MEET AT NAPA.
The only yacht club which had a sch«d
ded event for yesterday was the San
Francisco, the members of which had
been requested by the commodore to take
out as many non-owners as possible for
a cruise. It was intended to make a
etart upon the arrival at Sausalito of
the 8 o'clock boat from the city, "but it
was decided to await the arrival of the
10 a. m. boat. About 11 o'clock Commo
dore \\. N. McCarthy set sail, followed
by the yawl Phyllis, the sloops Juanita
fcUren. Cygnus, Catherine and Thetis The
yachts cruised out uk far as the Heads
the amateur tars enjoying a delightful
sail in a brisk breeze with a smooth sea
Most cf the yachts then sailed up throuch
the Ftrait* to El Campo. where they
found a strong wind. About fifteen Cor
inthian and California yachts were
anchored In l'aradlse Cove. An lm
.promptu race between George E. Billings'
Bloop Mxie ana the Corinthian sloop Har
poon was watched with much interest.
The return Journey was a long, hard beat
through Kaocoon Straits against a flood
tide, but a fair breeze helped the yachts
along, and all made their moorings in
reasonable time. Next Saturday the San
Francisco. Corinthian and California
yachts will cruise to Vallejo. returrinu
Sunday. °
YACHTSMEN SAIL OUT
TO THE GOLDEN GATE
Second event — 12' birds; f7 SO entrance; 325
added:. . ' -¦; •¦ :j - yj ; ¦ .- .
MJ* O. Feudner .....11 22 32 2 1 322 0— U
J. Ross 2 2 •— W ¦;,--.-
P.; B. Bekeart ..V....1 2 0 •" y i' >.'
C. H. Shaw ....0-W <*V
Shields'.......; 2 2 1 2 1'' — W
J. Rice ...2 3231213321 2—12
W. H. Williamson . ..... .3 3 2 2 0— W -
"Heidelberg" .«— W-. 'V ;;« jj
W.-J.*Golcher . ..;.'.. .;r..2 111 1 1 0— W ('. '.
A. TV Derby:;.; 2 232211112: fr-U
F. Vcrnon... I 2 1120* 1— W ,
J. Breuner......... ......2 2 2022222 J- 9
W. H. Williamson ;....2 11222*230— 8
C. C. Nauman .........1 22222222 2—10
W. J. Golcher.....". ..1 • 0— W
J. J. McIIale 1 0 0— W
W. E. Murdock...".; ...1 112 2 2 2 2 1 2— 10
C. A. Halght .2 22222223 2—10
P. B. Bekeart.... ..2 2222202 2 2—9
Quite a large audience was in attend
ance at the Ingleside shooting grounds
yesterday, the closing day of the State
live bird tournament. The perfect
weather made the day an ideal one for
the sport and in each event the scores
were of the high order.
M. O. Feudner, Walsh. "Heidelberg,"
Nauman, Murdock and Halght divided the
money in the first event with clean scores.
The race was at ten birds, $5. entrance
and 520 added, with nineteen entries.
Twenty-one shooters lined up for the
second event, a twelve-bird race, entrance
$7 50 and $25 added. Rice, Anderson, Nau
man and Karney were high guns with
clean scores. Wilson, after making some
fine kills, went out on his eleventh bird,
a hard flyer. Feudner and Dr. Derby
were entitled to tell hard luck stories,
each losing his last bird. In Dr. Derby's
case the safety snapped forward and he
could not pull the loft barrel.
The event of the day was the twenty
flve-blrd race. Entrance fee In this affair
was $15. Seventeen of the old guard faced
the traps for honors in the contest. Wil
liamson, Halght and Walsh scored high,
each with twenty-four birds to his credit.
Williamson missed his ¦ sixteenth and
Halght failed to score on the tenth bird,
both hard -twisters. Walsh's fifteenth
dropped dead out of bounds. Breuner,
Rice, Karney andBekeart scored twenty
three birds. • -
A sweepstake at six birds, 32 50 entrance,
was shot off after the main event.
The tournament throughout was a com
plete success. Following are the scores
of the different, events: -.
•First event— 10 birds; 33 entrance; |20 added:
J. Rice ..........1 2 2 2 •— W
"Parker" 2 •— W
M. O. Feudner...... .....1 12221332 1—10
P. J. Walsh......... ....2 11112 14 2 1—10
Heidelberg: ...1 2 2 12 112 3 2—10
A. T. Derby... ...r............~l 211210111—9
A.' Ross ......0 211122211—9
"Slade" 2 J 1 0 O— W
C. H. Shaw ..2 122223023—9
O. Anderson ....2 112111128—9
Close Scores Mark the Last
Day of the Contests
at Ingleside.
BIRO SHOOTERS'
TOURNAMENT IS
A BIG SUCCESS
MINOR BASEBALL.
Game.
Han ford Defeated by Fresno In a Hot
FRESNO. "May 6. — The largest crowd of
the season saw Fresno defeat Hanford to
day In one of the best games ever played
here. About 400 people accompanied by
a brass band came up from Hanford on
a Valley road special. Score:
R. H. B.
Fresno 3 6 1
Hanford 2 9 2
COLUSA, May 6.— Colusa defeated Re
liance of Oakland to-day by a score of 14
to 5. :.; ¦";. ,=
" VACAVILLE, May 6.— An exciting
game of baseball was played here to-day
between the Baker & Hamilton* of Sacra
mento and the Vacavilles. The score was
3 to 2 in favor of the men from Sacra
mento.
.ANTIOCH, May 6.— The first game of
baseball for the season was played on the
Antioch diamond to-day and resulted in
a victory for the J. K. Peppers of Antioch
over the Concord nine. The score was
10 to 3.
LOS ANGELES. May 6.-The Los An
geles nine defeated the Pacifies at Fiesta
Park to-day by a score of 8 to 5. There
was a email attendance and the game 'was
not brilliant.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
bath Games. .
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Chicago and Cincinnati Capture Sab-
Clubs— W. L. Tct. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 10 4 .714 St. Louts.... 6 8 .429
Cincinnati ..9 5 .643 Pittsburg ... 6 8 .423
Brooklyn 9 6 .600 Naw York... 5 8 .3S3
Chicago 7 8 .467, Boston 4 9 .303
CHICAGO, May 6.— The local made elx runs
oft Waddell In the first two Innings to-day on
six hits, three errors, a batsman hit and a
passed ball. Phlllppl then came In and held
them down to two singles. Callahan was ef
fective, except in the. fifth, when his wlldnees
and four hits tied the score. A single, a passed
ball and an error gave Chicago the winning
run in the fifth. Attendance, 8100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago *. 7 8 1
Plttsburg; 6 7 5
Batteries— Callahan and Chance; Waddell,
Pnilippl and ZJmmer. Umpire— Swartwood.
ST. LOUIS. May 6. — Cincinnati Jumped onto
Young's curves In the ninth, and. aided by
Qulnn's- error, tallied three runs, winning a
frame that looked like a sure defeat. Attend
ance, S133., Score:
S,Loul. .3 *V>i
Cincinnati 6 13 .' 2
Batteries — Young 'and O'Connor; Phillips,
Scott and Me Bride. Umpire— O'Day.
TWO GAMES FOR
DUDES AND THE
THIRD IS A TIE
Hank's Cup of Sorrow Over
flows With a Stream
of Errors.
Oakland 5, San Francisco 3.
Lively, erratic baseball was the exhibi
tion given by Dudes and Wasps yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Park. Ancient
Rube Levy worked the crowd into a
spasm by losing the ball over the center
field fence, Moskiman caught a wonderful
single- hander and Brockhoff made a bunch
of errors that lost the local team the
game.
Besides all this, there was enough gro
tesque base running and throwing to
startle the occupants of the bleachers out
of their soats. Steffani was unraveled only
for a small chunk, but Iburg was found
frequently, as the Fcore will show.
In the first inning, after Brockhoff and
McCarthy had pone out, Hildebrand
reached the first pack on .a bunt, and
Rube did the ros=t. Over the center-field
fence flew the spheroid, and both runners
jogsred around the bags to the plate, and
the score stood 2—0. In the third inning
Rubo was not so good. Mosklman swat
ted him a 'hard one, which Rube dropped
after a long run. Moskiman going to sec
ond, and to third on Lange's single. Then
a bit of all-over-the-tield base throwing
happened when Lar.ge started to steal
second, with the result that Moskiman
was caught at the third bag. Lange died
soon aftt-r going to spcond, and Steffani
repeated the act at first.
In the fifth Kurg reached first on
Lanpe's error and went to second on
Iburg's hit. scoring on the fake play to
catch Iburjr at second. A bad throw of
Franck's to the plate made the run easy
for Krup.
The Dudes fell out of bed in the fifth,
and Krockhoff was responsible for it all.
Francks made the first sack on a hit to
Brockhcff. and Drcr.nan followed, both
runners hugging? the bags on account of
a fulfome error by Brock. Then Dun
leavy hit to him. Sadly rattled and throw,
ins wildly to first, he allowed Francks
and Drennan to score. Moskiman rolled
the ball out for a hit. bringing- in Dun
leavy. who was at third. The score was
tied— for a minute. The next innlnp Hutch
lnson lost the ball in far center for three
baps, scoring on Dunleavy's hit to Brock
hoff. who threw in lobster style to the
plate. Lange added another run to the
list in the seventh. The score:
SAX FRANCISCO.
• AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. Sb 4 0 10 2 4 4
McCarthy, lb 3 0 0 0 10 1 0
HI!del>rand. r. f 4 110 0 0 0
Levy. 1. f 4 12 0 2 0 1
Schwartz, c 4 0 0 O 3 6 0
Rellly. :b 3 0 0 0 6 5 0
Peeples. ft. s 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Krujr. c. f 3 10 0 10 0
Iburs. p 8 0 110 10
Totals 31 3 5 1 24 20 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmcer. «. e 4 0 10 2 3 1
Hammond, c 4 0 10 110
Hutchlnson. lb 4 1 1 0 IS 0 0
Francks. 2b 4 110 16 0
Drennan. c. t 4 10 0 10 0
Dunleavy. r. f 4 1112 0 0
MoFkiman. I. f 2 0 114 0 0
Lanire. 3b 2 12 0 14 1
Steffanl. p 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 30 5 8 2 27 17 2
RUXS AND HITS BT INNIXGS.
San FrancFico 20001000 0—3
Base-hits 3 0 0 0 10 0 0 1—5
Oakland 0 0 0 0 3 1 1 0 •— 5
Base tits 00103220 »-S
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— StefTanl 2. Home run —
Levy. Three-base hit— Hutchlnson. Sacrifice
hits— Lanizre, Steffanl. First base on errors-
San Francisco 1. Oakland 5. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 1. Oakland 1. Left
on bases— San Francisco 2. Oakland 4. Struck
out— By Iburg 2, by StefTanl L Time of game —
1:25. Umpire — Graves. Official scorer — J. \V.
Stajleton.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 7, San. Francisco 7.
The Dudes and "Wasps played so long
and so poorly yesterday morning at Oak
land that they reached the time limit at
the end of the eighth, when the score was
7 apiece. Everybody was hitting- or do
ins something pyrotechnlcal with the
stick in this Inning.
Both Fitzpatrick and Beviile were found
for several lumps of hits. At the outset
the came was a lively mix-up, Oakland
sending: three men over the plate on as
many hits. There were errors In abund
ance and the crowd was kept guessing
who would be next to fall. When the bata
were packed after two hours of fierce,
unsteady play the crowd filed out of the
grounds in a trance. The score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer. a. s 4 12 0 2 3 1
Hammond, c 4 0 10 3 3 1
Hutchlnson. lb 4 2 3 2 12 0 1
Francks, 2b 3 2 1 1 2 3 0
Dunleavy, r. f 4 1 0 1 0 0 0
Drennan. c t 4 0 0 0 10 0
Lan^e. 3b 4 0 1 .0 1 3 1
Mosklman. I. f 4 13 2 2 0 0
Beviile, p 3 0 0 0 11 0
•Hardie 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 84 7 11 « 24 13 4
•Batted for BeTille In the elffhth Inning.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
nroekhoff. Sb 4 12 112 0
McCarthy, lb 5 0 10 4 10
Hildebrand. r. 1 4 13 1110
Levy. 1 t 4 0 0 0 4 12
Schwartr. c 4O1O7SO
Reilly. 2b 4 1112 12
Peeplef. a. 8 4 2 0 110 1
KniK. c f 4 1 2 •"•• 2 0 0
Fltzpatrick. p 2 10 0 2 0 1
Totals .35 7 10 4 24 .» <
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 3 00010»3— 7
Ba«e bits 3 0 0 0 2 11 4—11
San Francisco 0 2001004—7
Base hit* 0 2 1110 1 4—10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— FHrpatrtck 2. Two
base hits— Hildebrand (2). Schmeer. Lange.
First base on errors— Oakland 4. San Francisco
3. First base on called balls — Oakland 3. San
Francisco 5. Left on base* — Oakland (. San
Francisco 9. Struck out— By Seville 3. by
Fltzpatrick 5. Double plays— Hlldcbrand to
Schwaru; Levy to Schwartz. Time of game—
2:00 Umpire— Graves. Official scorer— H. S.
McFarlln. J^*_ ' : V ; "
SACRAMENTO.
Capital City Men "Win.
SACRAMENTO. May 6.— Stockton was
easy for the locals to-day. Harper was
touched up for eleven hits, two of which
were for home runs. Doyle had the Stock
ton batters at his mercy, being touched
for but three safe hits. The feature of
the same was a fast double play by
Stultz, Eagan and Hanlon. Score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin. I. f 5 1110 0 0
Devereaux, 2b 4 12 0 111
Kaftan, s. ¦ 4 1113 4 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 4 11
Hughes, r. f 6 2 2 0 2*0 0
Shanahan. c. f 4 12 0 2 0 0
Doyle, p 3 0 0 0 13 2
Hanlon. lb 4 0 2 0 12 1 Z
gtultz. 2b 3 1 1 12 5 l
Totals 36 7 11 3 27 .15 7
8TOCKTON.
Totals 28 3 t 1 27 U 3
AB. R. BH. BB. PO. A. E.
McHale. c. f 4 1 l o i « o
Courtney, th 2 o 0 0 0 3 0
Pace, c 4 0 0 0 6 3 0
McCarthy. I. f 3 10 0 2 0 0
Babbitt, a. s 3 0 1 1 2 4 1
Morrow, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Ixjckht-ad. lb.., 4 0 0 0 IS 0 ' ©
Moore. Sb 3 11 0 2 2 2
Harper, p 3 0 0 0 0 7.©
You will want a new trunk, a valise or
suit case when you go away this" summer.
Tou wtll find these, as well as a complete
line of leather "goods,- including . purses;
pocketbooks. Mexican carved and burnt
leather. goods,- at- Sanborn'&': Vairs,-.741
Market street &BBKBSmBBBBa£M
BOXING }
RACING ?
WRESTLING
SPORTS OF THE DAY
BASEBALL- t
COURSING 1 j
SHOOTING !
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 7, 1900.
American League Games.
ap^nJ I u IT> M * y *~~ Detrolt « ?! Indlan-
w MWNEAPOLIS. May e.-MlnneapoJU, 8; Mil-
CITY, May 6-Kansaa City, 3; Chi,
Exciting Moments During the Contest of the Giants.
6
Purely vecetable. ralM and reliable. Caas«
b^kl d rf£ t Urlty. COmpIet " ab « or »" oa ««
For tha cur« of all disorders of tha Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Famaia Ir-
replarttlea Sick Headache. BUloasn«s*. Con-
stipation, Pile* and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 2Sc a box. At Druggists, or
by malL EADWAT & CO.. New TorJs.
Specialists for Men.
731 Market St., S. F.
If you ask for an Alexander Humboldt
cigar, you ,- are sure ~ to be ; suited. ¦ ¦:* Insist
upon each cigar being: banded. They are
sure to be genuine then. •• •Old Soldier's Serious FalL
E. H. Ellis, an inmate of the Soldiers'
Home at Yountvllle, was riding on a
C dummy of a Powell-street car yesterday
\-*norning, and while the car was rounding
the sharp curve at Jackson and Mason
etreets be fell off. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital in the ambulance,
where It was found that be was cut and
bruised on the face and hands and had
sustained a possible fracture of the skull.
lie waa unconscious all da>-«
Louis V. Marks, a pioneer drayman, re
siding at 1016 Golden Gate avenue, died
yesterday afternoon while sitting in a
chair In the drug store at the corner of
McAllister and Lacuna streets. The. de
ceased was 72 years old. He had been
complaining of ill health for some time
Srevious to his sudden calL He left his
ome to go to the drug store for some
medicine when he was taken ill and died.
The Coroner was notified, and Deputies
Smith and Meehan responded to the call.
Upon investigation they reached the con
clusion that there was nothing to justify
the Coroner taking action in the natter.
"Louis V. Marks Dies Suddenly.
The attendance at the park yesterday
was large despite the threatening weather.
Those who drove to the cliff were re
warded, for a better day could not be
found for lovers of driving.
A hack driven by John Carter came
nearly being. demolished in the proximity*
of the band stand. The team became un
manageable and ran away. Mounted Of
ficer Norton appeared on the scene in
time to check the horses before they did
much damage. . .
The results of the swimming races at
the Sutro Baths were as follows: 50 yards
special— F. A. "Walse first, F. Adams sec
ond; 50-yard race. Juvenile— C.Wolcott
first, E. Sonberg second; 100 yards— S. Ar
mat first, G. Waimv right second.
Sunday at the Park.
Struck With a Bottle.
John Toomey, a peddler, was arresed
yesterday by Policeman Hemtnez and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
aesault with a deadly weapon. A. B.
Bowser, a painter living at 112 Eighth
etrect, went to the Boston lodging-house
on Howard street for his laundry, and
met Toomey there. Toomey was pugna
cious, and when Bowser showed tight
Toomey seized a bottle and struck him on
the forehead, inflicting an ugly wound
Bowser was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital.
An adjournment was taken until next
Sunday afternoon at the same place,
when permanent officers will bo chosen.
The members of the organization
follow: Clara Foltz. M. 8. Norton, J. M
Fisher, E. M. Fisher,* Thomas F. Butler
Luella Butler, P. H. Reynolds, Mrs. J E
Cotter, L.. R. Kelley, Mrs. A. E. Elliott'
Mrs, J. A. Bettys, C. M. Landers, Mrs.
Alice G. Mahony, Mrs. Ada Williamson,
W. A. Smith, Annie L. Stone, G. w
Owen, M. E. Lasswell, D. J. Toohey, Mrs
J. J. Whitney, Mrs. Dr. A. F. Temple.
Mrs. Foltz delivered an address of wel
come. She stated that the purpose of
the organization was to establish the
prominence of mind in all human affairs
and to make one capable of realizing his
own mental powers. Other addresses
were made by M. S; Norton, Mrs. Ada
Williamson, Henry Harrison Brown,
Mrs. Dr. Lasswell and Mrs. Addle L.
Ballou. Musical selections were render
ed by Miss E. McCann, Miss A. Nippert
and J. McCann.
The temporary organization of the San
Francisco Mental . Science Temple, a
branch of the national association, which
has Its home office in Seabreeze, Fla,,
was effected yesterday afternoon at 320
Post street. Mrs. Clara Foltz -was elect
ed temporary president and M. S. Nor
ton secretary and treasurer. Twenty-five
members were admitted to the new
temple.
Seeks to Establish Prominence
of Mind in Human Affairs. •
Branch of the National Association
ORGANIZED A TEMPLE
OF MENTAL SCIENCE
OAKLAND, M8y 6.—^C. J. Stevens, a
painter residing at 1310 Thirteenth avenue,
reported to-day to the police that he was
held up by two men and robbed of $4 at
3 o'clock this morning at the corner of
Fourth avenue and East Eleventh street.
Stevens said the men simply demanded
his money and he gave It to them. They
had neither masks nor pistols.
Oakland Has a Footpad.
of the Thirty-First An-
nxxal Picnic
Th#> thirty-first annual reunion and pic
ric of the Irish Kationallsta. under the
auspices of the Knights of the Red
Uranch, waa held yesterday at Shell
Hound Park. There was a fair attend
ance and all had & moet enjoyable time.
Those who felt inclined danced In the pa
%ilion, others took things easy In true
picnic style among the trees and not a
lew found amusement in the races for
prizes provided by the committee. One
of the most Interesting: features of the
occasion was the Jip ajad reel dancing.
These events were held on a ralsjd plat
form north of the pavilion, and the sound
of the violin was the signal for a general
congreeation at that point. In every par
ticular the outin* was a success, and the
credit for the same is due to the work of
Uie following gentlemen:
Committee of arrangements— J. Sheeny, chalr
tr.an; John Ganey, secretary; M. O'Neil, treas
urer; P. J. Ha'.llgan. Matt O'Donnell. Jere
mlaih I>afy. James King. C. L. fc'beahaa. J.
J. OmnifXe. Frank T. ghea. M. Cooney.
IteeepUon committee — Thomas L>eemond,
chairman; P. Boland. R. Corbett, T. Deftnan.
P. Torifr, Hd KHly. T. McGowan, J. Kellemede,
John Murihy, John Walsh.
Floor c-imn'Sttee— P. Donohne. floor director;
P. J. liaillcan. assistant floor director; T. P.
CrowJey. J. J. Sullivan. Peter McGHnchey, Wil
liam J. Hudson. K. J. Daly, D. Donovan, J.
McAnlle, lioger McCarty, M. Brady. A. Whel
ton.
Cotamlttt-e on eamen— William Murphy, chair
man; U. Cauey, J. McGulrlc. M. Gaul, C. J.
Collins.
Baces and Dancing Are the Features
RISH NATIONALISTS
ENJOY THEIR OUTING
OAKLAND. May 6.— There was some
realistic actinp at the lJewey Theater to
right, the result of -which .sent Ed J. Hol
den, one of the stars of the company, to
the Receiving Hospital to have a rapier
¦wound on the right wrist dressed. In the
duel Bcerse in a "Soldier of Fortune," be
tween Landers Stevens and Holden. the
former made a thrust with his weapon
¦which landed nearly home. Holden In
varding caught the point of the blade on
his -wrist. Inflicting a jagged cut. Holden
finished his part and then repaired to the
hospital. The wound was painful but not
serious.
ACTOR STEVENS STABS
A STAR WITH A RAPIER
Yesterday was a Japanese holiday, and
a number of those who are employed at
the mines celebrated the day. They pur
chased a lot of wine, and before evening
they were all Intoxicated. Lakura was
Ja*t seen at 11 o'clock, when he started
across the trestle to go from one camp
to another. Early this morning some of
the miners who were walking in the
ravine came across Lakura' s body lying
beneath the trestle. The head was badly
crushed, and the body ¦was bruised and
lacerated. Lekura was 27 years old. Cor
oner Menrmaau will hold an Inquest.
OAKLAND, May 6. — While crossing a
trestle last night J. Lakura, a Japanese
employed at the Tesla coal mines, lost
his balance and fell head foremost to the
bottom of a ravine tifty feet below. His
head struck on the rocks, and be was
killed instantly.
JAPANESE FALLS FROM
TRESTLE AND IS KILLED
OAKLAND, May 6.— Andrew L. Stone,
who will be married on May 17 to
Miss Wilhelmine Havemeyer of
Chicago, left for the Bast yester
day morning with a party, of friends, con
sisting of Mrs. J. C. Tucker, Miss Have
meyer's aunt; James McKee, Bert Bray
ton, George Greenwood and George
Wheaton. Messrs. Wheaton, McKee and
Brayton will act as ushers at the nnptials,
which are to take place at Riverside, the
Chicago suburb where the Havemeyers
have their home. There was a large num
ber of Mr. Stone's friends present at the
Sixteenth-street station to bid him good
by and congratulate him in advance. The
wedding will be a society affair, the Have
meyers being prominent In Eastern social
circles.
Mr. Stone and" his bride will go abroad
for several months and on their return to
California will make Oakland their home.
• .".•¦• •
There are several important social dates
for the week. To-morrow Mrs. Egbert
Stone will entertain the Monday After
noon Whist Club. There will also be a
meeting of the Hill Club. On Tuesday
SAID GOOD-BY
TO A. L. STONE
Rev. Mr. Smith said that from the con
versations he had had with Elder Gibbs
he believed that the congregation should
accept the resignation. Elder Cralgie
Sharpe moved that course and the mem
bers by rising vote declared their ac
ceptance. V
Mr. Gibbs was not present at the ser
vices nor the meeting which followed.
He had no reason to attend, as his stand
upon the subject had already been made
known to the flock with which he had
been officailly affiliated for so many v«»ars.
As president of the church board he was
chairman of the investigating committee
which made a report upon the minister.
The report was censurable of certain ac
tions of Rev. Mr. Smith and was before
adoption by the church amended, a course
which Elder Gibbs did not indorse. He
contended that as Judges hearing all of
the evidence, the committee was better
qualified to choose the language of its
findings than those who had not listened
or read the testimony. By resigning his
official connection with the church he
voiced his disapproval of that action.
"Dear Brethren:' I hereby tender my
resignation as one of the elders of the
congregation, to take effect immediately.
For fifteen long years I have tried to
serve you faithfully. As a member of the
church I shall still try to be faithful to
the cause of the Master. With love for
all and enmity toward none, I remain, in
Christian love,
"WILLIAM T. GIBBS."
At the close of the morning services
Rev. Guy Smith read the following letter
from Elder Gibbs:
The resignation of "W. T. Gibbs as an
elder of the First Christian Church was
presented to-day to the members in for
mal meeting and accepted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 6.
Dissatisfied With the Action of the
Members in Modifying the Cen
sure Upon Pastor Guy
Smith.
Elder Gibhs Steps Out From
the First Christian
Church.
RESIGNS AFTER
FIFTEEN YEARS
OF CHURCH WORK
Flora Macdonald Shearer Again De
tained in the Insane Ward at
Jteceiving Hospital.
Flora Macdonald Shearer, the poetess.
Is an inmate again of the insane ward at
the Receiving Hospital, and will be ex
amined to-day by the Insanity Commis
sioners. This will be the third time within
four years she has been before the Com
missioners. v'V ' i > ' !
About four years ago she was found
walking In the surf at N'orth Beach, and
was sent to a private asylum at San Ma
teo, where ahc remained for more than
two years, when she was released as
cured. She resumed her duties as teacher
In the Washington Grammar School, but
in March last she tried to burn her house
at North Beach. She then removed to a
flat at 2038 Leavenworth street, with her
two pet cats. She wrecked the place, and
as It was evident that her mind was again
affected she^ was sent to a private asylum
at Livermore. She was discharged after
a few months. She has been living re
cently at 819 Lyon street, and imagined
that some malignant spirit was trying to
destroy her. She is now about 50 years of
Hire and ls the daughter of a Scotch
cler'gvman. She was born on the Isle of
Skye* and received a classical education,
and shortly after coming to this city,
about twenty-five years ago, was ap
pointed a teacher in the public schools,
He- best poems are published In a book
entitled "The Legend of Aulus." She is
a direct descendant of Flora Macdonald,
whose romantic devotion to Prince Char
lie, thf Pretender, will live in history.
MALIGNANT SPIRIT
PURSUES A POETESS
The closest inquiry as to the reasons of
the jury's attitude failed to reveal any
thing until a rumor reached Coroner
Mehrmann's ears that the story had been
started In town that Haar had been given
an overdose of morphine by the physi
cians. None of the jurors would admit
that they believed the story, but they
maintained their insistent demand for an
autopsy. The surgeons declared before
the jurors that but one-eighth of a grain
of the drug had been administered and
this was one-quarter of what la frequent
ly given in such cases.
Finally, after an hour of wrangling,
Coroner Mehrmann dismissed the Jury
and an autopsy was held, revealing a
blood clot on the brain four Inches In
diameter.
The -Jury will be called together again
on Wednesday, when Coroner Mehrmann
expects a verdict will be given.
The jurors are: Alfred Keating. Dr.
Simmons. G. F. Langan. G. Darling. John
Obermuller, P. Zambreskl, E. D. Warren
and Frank Lake.
The surgeons had testified that Haar's
skull had been fractured by the fall from
the buggy, from which he .had been
thrown on his head when the vehicle was
upset. They gave evidence as to his
treatment from 7 o'clock in the evening
until his death seven hours later and ex
pressed surprise that he should have sur
vived his injuries so long a time. Coro
ner Mehrmann had decided that a post
mortem examination other than external
¦was unnecessary and he was loth to hold
an autopsy, unless It were required to
determine the cause of death.
A Coroner's Jury at Haywarda last
night defied Coroner Mehrmann and re
fused to render a verdict in the case of
John Haar, president of the Board of
Town Trustees, until they should be given
the result of an autopsy which the Ju
rors demanded should be held. Despite
the testimony of two physicians. Dr. Dean
and Dr. Reynolds, who attended the in
jured man after he had been throwji from
his buggy, the obdurate jury still refused,
to the amazement of the Coroner, to re
turn a verdict, declaring that they were
not satisfied as to the cause of death.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 6.
Euxnors Which Were Speedily Set at
Rest by the I>iscovery of Fatal
Blood Clot on the
Brain.
Demanded an Autopsy in the
Case of John Haarat
Haywards.
CORONER'S JURY
DEFUSES TO FIND
CAUSE OF DEATH
There are now upward of 400 rural mail
carriers in the United States, and during
the year just closed they carried close to
10,000,000 pieces of mail.
. . . - .^..
One of the delightful affairs of the week
the Ebell Society will give its regular
"Second Tuesday" luncheon. On Thursday
Mrs. W. S. Baxter will be the hostess of
the Thursday Afternoon "Whist Club. On
Friday the Ebell Society will have its
monthly literary meeting. The week will
be a busy one at Berkeley, for nearly
every fraternity will give a luncheon or
keep open house on class day. and there
are to be several banquets. The Golden
Bear Society, a fraternity comprising the
most prominent literary and athletic men
in college, will give a banquet at the Pal
ace Wednesday evening. Among the mem
bers of the society are Professor Charles
Mills Gayler. Professor K. C. Babcock.
Wilsle M. Martin, Ezra Decoto, Richard
W. Tully, James Whipple, Paul Selby,
Robert Belcher, W. G. Parsons, Larry
Green, W. N. Greely. F. H. Hotle, Victor
Henderson, Clinton Miller. Clarence Peck,
Jack Hoffman and Will Drum.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred L. Button were
given a surprise party a few evenings ago
by a large number of their Eastern Star
friends. It was the celebration of Mr. and
Mrs. Button's crystal wedding anniver
sary. Nearly a hundred guests enjoyed
the hospitality of the Button home.
• • •
Miss Margaret Tltzell gave a party In
honor of two Sacramento friends. Miss
Lena Nelson and Miss Ida Fitzgerald.
Music, dancing and a supper made the oc
casion a very pleasant one.
was a card party given "Wednesday by
Mrs. M. W. Kales. Her home on Lake
street welcomed thirty guests. Hearts
was enjoyed and refreshments were
served..
/ « * •
surprises and pains us. We often hear
the expression, 'Another good man gone
wrong. 1 Rather is it more usual the case
of a bad man found out.
"Our prison reports and the morgue tell
many a sad story, but many a case comes
to police notice that the public doe« not
hear of: many a little home is mortgaged
and many a hard-earned dollar is used to
keep a loved one from prison and an
hitherto honored name from disgrace.
"Boards of Aldermen and Supervisors
are bribed and dishonest political combi
nations are arranged to permit certain
forms of gambling to exist. The youth
of our land is corrupted and sin and crime
result under stress of this pernicious and
dishonest practice.
"The diseases of the appetite are most
deadly and terrible in their results.
Opium', morphine and cocaine cause many
an ordinary nature to cbange and to be
come bestial and criminal. The use of
these drugs in various ways blunts the
moral sensibilities. Probably 50 per cent
of the criminals confined in our penal in
stitutions are users of these drugs in some
one or more of their various forms.
"The liquor traffic is the most serious
cause for crime and is the greatest means
of bringing about the misery, poverty
and sin of the world. Drunkenness is
much too common and under its .blight*
ing influence too many of our young men
and women are blasting their lives for
ever. This liquor that men and women
handle all too carelessly blunts the moral
nature; kills beauty and modesty, in
flames the passions and brings moral and
physical death. How many stories I
could tell you of wrecked homes, thefts,
suicides, murders that have resulted be
cause men and women have fancied they
were strong enough to withstand the en
circling tentacles of this giant octopus of
sin."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 6.
/J 5^ APTAIN OF POLICE WALTER J.
if PETERSEN grave some observa-
tions on crime's causes to-day be
fore t?je College of Ethics and Re
ligion which is being conducted at Wendte
Hall under the direction of the Young
People's League of the First Unitarian
Church. Captain Petersen had a large
and attentive audience. His subject was
"Crime and Its Causes," being a corol
lary to a recent address he delivered on
"Crime and Its Consequences." In part
Captain Petersen said:
"Gambling, one of the many causes
which iead to State prison, is becoming
more common and more prevalent. On
every hand are devices to tempt men to
spend their money in a vain effort to get
something for nothing. The nickel-ln-the«
slot machine, the card table, the pool
rooms, the racetrack with all its attend
ant *evils. rapidly become a means to
gratify the gambling passion and pave
the way downward to the penitentiary.
Money gone, then theft, then the chains
and bars of a convict's cell.
"Mr. Garniss of the American Surety
and Trust Company declares that last
year 1500.000 of his company's earnings
were squandered upon racetracks and
Rambling tables. Fifty-seven per cent of
his company's receipts went to pay for
the losses of men who were guaranteed
by this company. These facts are indeed
serious to contemplate. The roll of de
faulters and embezzlers is growing at an
alarming rate and we hardly recover from
the shock of some crime of this kind be
fore another of a similar nature startles,
STARTLING STATEMENT
ON CAUSES OF CRIME
Captain of Police Petersen Points to
the Racetrack and Gaming Table
as Sources of Misery..
Hay wards, Oakland. Alameda County News. Berkeley, Fruitvale
GRAND MAY FESTIVAL
AT THE ALTENHEIM
GASKET HIDDEN
UNDER A PALL
OF SWEET PEAS
Beautiful Flowers Deck the
Bier of Late Thomas
Main
Mein.
With Kites of the Episcopal Church
the Remains of the Cap
italist Are Borne to
Best.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 6.
The funeral of the late Captain Thomas
Mein, who died Friday from the effects of
an illness contracted while he was a pris
oner in South Africa during the Jameson
trouble, was held this afternoon at 2
o'clock from the family home at Lake
and Jackson streets.
The large mansion was crowded with
the friends of the deceased who had
called to pay their last tribute to his
memory. The floral offerings were many
and beautiful. The casket was covered
with a pall of sweet peas, and the bier
was hidden from view by the mass of
rare flowers which were clustered about
the parlors.
The- services were conducted by Rev.
Martin Ray, rector of. s St. John's Episco
pal Church, who spokV feelingly of the
sterling worth and remarkable career of
the deceased.
The music was furnished by a quartet
composed of Benjamin Clark, Alfred Wil
kie, A. C. P. Read and George H. Carle
ton. During the services the quartet sang
"Go to Thy Peaceful Sleep," "Good Night,
I'm Going Home," and "Nearer, My God,
to Thee."
The remains were conveyed to Mountain
View Cemetery, where they were placed
in a receiving vault.
The following acted as pall-bearers;
William Alvord, Thomas Coghill, Henry
Rodgers, L. M. Davis, Joseph H. Mooser,
Henry Bratooker, ex-Governor Blaisdell,
Judge Nlles Searls, E. G. Lukens, Pro
fessor S. B. Christy, Curtis Lindley and
James D. Hague.
MUNICIPALITIES
ARE IN NEED OF
GOOD OFFICIALS
Henry Weinstock Says That
Most City Governments
Are Corrupt.
Tells on Oakland Audience How to
Purify Its Local Machinery and
Become an Exception to
the Rule.
OAKLAND. May 6.— Henry XVeinstock
of Sacramento lectured this evening at
the First Unitarian Church under the
auspices of the Starr-Kir.g fraternity. His
subject was "The Purification of a City's
Morals." The lecture in part vras as fol
lows: *
"Never before in the history of civiliza
tion has a nation, without war or unholy
conquest, amassed such vast wealth and
pained such pro-eminent political world
power In bo brief a time as have the
American peopie. No people have ever
proven themselves better fitted for self
government or better prepared to meet
fend to solve the great problems of state
<rart and the great political If^u^s that
from time to time confront nations. And
yrt, despite all this wisdom and power.
tins hero c spirit and this potency of ac
tion, no nation ever failed more miserably
in the conduct of its municipal affairs
Than has this same American peopie. Go
where you win. pick up the daily paper
we may, our ears and our eyes are met
with talcs of municipal fraud and corrup
tion, of the lncompetency of civic of
ficials, of proei^ extravagance in the city
expenditures; and of reckless wastefulness
of taxpayers' monev.
"The holding of public office is most
reductive to young as well as old. The
desire to be chosen out of a multitude to
do public work, the ambition to stand out
Irom among the miss to receive public
homage, to have favors to grant and
power to wield, are elements of attraction
that few can resist. Henffe it is that as a
rule our American youth, from early boy
hood, look forward to becoming aldermen
and Mayors. Cnngresfmen and Senators,
Governors and Presidents.
"In the home, in the school and in the
church they are taught that character
counts for everything, that truth and hon
esty, virtue and purity, are the foundation
Ftones of i-ucces»; but when they see that
in practical politics all these virtues as a.
rule count for naught, that cunning and
threwdness. that capacity for rapacity,
that the ability to trade and to swap
principles for political advantages are the
qualities that too often mean political suc
(Ff6, their youthful lessons in morality,
their conception of the essentials of suc
cess as taught by the parents, the teacher
end the preacher, are apt to receive a
severe shock. As a rule, he must be a
truckW and a demacopue, a fraud and a
hypocrite, that he must become a subser
vient tool to the political boss and utterly
Fink his manhood. How can euch a (spirit
become generally prevalent without un
dermining the very foundation of charac
ter, of manhood and. ultimately, of the
old country festivals were there to . be
enjoyed to the heart's content. For the
older folks the German societies named,
assisted by the Arion and the Teutonia
singing societies, presented a musical pro
gramme, including vocal and instrumental
numbers. This was in charge of Directors
H. Holzhauer and J. Rlegger.
The address of the day was delivered by
Dr. G. Gutsch, who referred particularly
to the old people at the home who were
enabled to enjoy the gathering. Miss Lena
Frauenholz read with much effect a beau
tiful festival poem written for the occa
sion by Charles Bundschu. Mrs. Laura
Marks gave a dialect recital.
After the exercises the guests were free
to take part in the games, amply pro
vided for old and young or loitered among
the foliage and flowers on the spacious
grounds.
OAKLAND, May 6.— The third an
nual May festival of the Altenheim,
the German Old People's Home,
was held to-day, at the beautiful
grounds on the heights of Frultvale.
Thousands of Germans from San Fran
cisco, Oakland and surrounding towns en
joyed the day, for which much prepara
tion had been made by the various so
cieties having charge of the festivities.
During the afternoon a programme of
music with appropriate literary numbers
was given. The ladies of the Deutscher
Frauen Verein with the Verein' Altenheim
nnd the Deutscher Gesellschaft furnished
abundant entertainment. For the chil
dren there were games and sports galore.
May dances and songs with all the fea
tures which go to make the success of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 7, 1900.
7
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally, 625 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DPEDQIVQ PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline, Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps.
Engines& Boilers. HendyMach.Wks.,40 Fremont.
A'ARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or 'salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st.
OOL » SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Oold' Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 133 1st.
ENGINES.
In Btock, steam, gas. gasoline; full line; mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn., 20 Fremont.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Oold Saving Machine. 22S Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Bngln* Company.
F1BRK OOLD CONCENTRATOR.
Eaves fine «rold:"no plates, mercury or motion.
In operation 11 Spear st.
CONCENTRATO R S.
PATTERSON'S "Acroe"- Concentrator works
black sand daily. 227 Mission «t.
GOLD-SAV1NO MACHINE
In operation dally .at*- Mining Fair. Central
Park. Office 1S7 P.eale st.
SILVER-PLATED MINING * PLATEvS.
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
ing Works. 652 Mission st. r ! ' .
TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co.. manufacturers. 35
Beale st. S. F.. 318 E. 2d st.. Los Angeles.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know " gold and save ' It, to handle
amalgamating plates, etc. Central Park.
TYPFW r lTERS.
The Bllckennderfer Is especially adapted, dur-
able, portable, reliable, prac: $40. 117 Sutter.
= %; MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO 8 K -i
OROCERIES f ND PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard.
SOS Fourtn. 1302 Polk and H41 Stockton, 8. F.
LIQUORS-
WHK1TFV BLATZ BEKR. Bethesda Watsr.
ITlHdnXI CAHEN U SON.418 Sacramento st.
;-.;:£>¦' ;.-• -¦ ¦ . -WHISKY.. ? -V-i ¦ , -'' ¦
HITNTFD DTP Christy & wise commar-
OUNIeK Kit- eial Co.. 327-329 Sansom* St.
v: PORTABLE rfOUSES.;: ; ;
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD i CO.. Washington
and 1st «ts.i Oakland, or Builders' Ex., 8. F.
• OCEAN TRAVEL.
THTALASKiTTxPLORATION COMPANY
Will Dispatch From
BAN FRANCISCO Olrect for
NOME
The Well-Known ALASKA FLYER.
S. S. HUMBOLDT,
Sailing WEDNESDAY --May 39.
ELEGANT S. S. ZEALAND1A
(S0O0 tons burden).
First sailing? (capacity engaged). ...... .May flat
Second sailing- (approx.).... .......Jane 2Stn
S. S. MORNtNG STAR,
Balllne (capacity enraged). May 24th.
Through service for Dawson and all Yukon
River oolnts.
For passage «nd frelrtit rates acnly
THE ALASKA. EXPLORATION CO.,
General otttces, 139 POST STREET.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Koo* (HIcgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailinc.
S3. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. May 19th. 1300
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14th. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Tuesday. July 10th, 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelerM and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
/ W. H. f AVERY, General Agent.
COMPAONIE CENEEALE TBANSATLiKTJQCE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ***^
SalllnK every Thursday instead ot
Saturday, from November 2. 1839. at ii'ft'pWij
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE.- May 10; LA
GASCOGNK. May 17: L'AQUITAINE llay 24;
LA TOURAINE. May 3L First class to Havre.
$60 and upward: 6 per cent reduction on round
trip Second class to Havre. $43: 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. JJ
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUOAZI * CO., Pacinc Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenu*. San Francisco.
OCEATTIC S.S. CO.— HONOr-TrtlT, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
B. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. May 30, 1900. 1P.M.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia... .Wed.. May 16. IP. M.
i. 0. aPntCKELS Si BROS. CO.. Agts.. 14 Montgomen
Pier 7 Foot Pacinc St f»m*>M!*BS *?2 "«•>•? St.
BAILBOAP TBAVEL.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running: and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Francisco:
I P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Uares San Franclscw at 5:30
EXPRESS x P" m - with Palace and Tourist
UAILT Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VA1 I FV
5CC YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 628
T^-«^,- > asSaSa%jisi£-
SLUICE BOXES. «
Klondike champion flulce saves gold: competi-
tion Invited 179S 15th St.. corner Guerrero.
POCKERS.
The lightest, cheapest and proven the best for
placer work. 1911H Mission st.
PA^KS ALASKX. ROCKER.
RocklnR pumps 4he water: nelf-clearlng riffles
motion continuous. 3 Natoma. nr. Fremont.
PLACES IW SAV1NQ GOLn.
Schaezlein & Burrldge, 8 Hardle place, off
Kearny, between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W BELL. Central Plating Works, 852 Mis-
sion at.. 8. ,F. Phone Jessie 301.
ECLIP5E COLO-SAVING MACHINE.
Portable, reversible, ball-bearing; capacity 38
tons dally; .weight 100 lbs. 803 Mission st. .
CALIFORNIA NDRTHWESTERN RYi CO,
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAXC1SCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, (:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at V:5->
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30, 11:CO a. m. : 1:30. 3:30.
6:0O. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:M. 9:30, 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 1:35 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.t 1:40. 1:49.
S:06. (:2S p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Paris
same schedule as above. »
Leave I In Effect. I . Arrlv*
San Francisco. I Apr. 15. 1300.1 Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination.! day. | Day».
T:39am S:C0am Novatn. 10:40 am 3:40 am
1:39 pm t :30 am Petaluraa. 8:05 pm 10:23 am
6:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:30 pm
Fulton.
l:S0 am Windsor. 10:15 ua
Healdaburg.
Geygervllle.
1:30 pm 8:00 am CloverdaU. T:g pm 1:80 pia
T:JO ami j Hopland j I1»:2S am
8:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7^S pm| 6:» pm
7:30 am 10:Z5 ajn
1:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm «:20pni
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:15 am! 8:40 ana
I and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm I Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm; t:S> pnt
7:30 am! S:CO ami 110:43 amjlO:23 in
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:33 pm| t:ZO pn»
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
/or Altruna: at Lvttnn for Lyttnn Springs: at
GryservlHe for Skagm Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Oeysers: at HoDland for Duncan
Sprlnus. Highland Sprlnsrs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and .Bartlett
Springs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Deil Lake. Witter
Eprtnza. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, LJwley's, Bucknell's.
Banhedrln Heights, HullvtUe. Git's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brass, West-
port. Usal. Wllllts, Lavtonvtlle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points)
bevond San Rafael at balf rates.
Ticket offices. 8M Market St.. ChrontcV bldfc
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Cammenctnsr April 23. 19CO.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. *s:3u. »:30. 11:00 a. m,j
12:45. 1:43, 1:15, 4:15. *5:15. 6:15. l:4» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays)
and Sundays, at 9:0O and 11:05 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »8:C0. «S:0o. •10:00. 11:00. U:»
a. m.: 12:43. •1:30. 2:30. •1:45. C:00. «:00. 1^
P- m.
11:00 a. m. does* not run to San Rafael Sua-
days. f
Trains marked (*) rnn to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCT3CCX
WEEK DATS— 5:35. »«:30. T:SO. 8:40. '10:13 a_
m.: 1J:3O. 1:15. 2:15. »3:3O. 4:30. 5:30 p. m. ¦
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *(:45 and 1CU^) p. m
SUNDAYS-«:15. »S:00, •9:50. •U:00a. m.; 1309
ra.: l:0«. 1:15. '3:30. 4:30. # 5:43. 8:45. 7:30. 10:3
p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Qnentla.
FROM MU^L. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO-
WEEK DAYS— 5:53. «:43. 8:00. 8:55. 10:J3 i?
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. J:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
! and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— «:35. 5:C5. 10:0S. 11:10 a. m.: UUi
1:20. 2:30. S:4S. 4:55. «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days- Cazadero and way «t*-«
tlona.
: 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. ra. weekdays (Saturdays cxceptsd>~
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:43 p. m. Sunday*— Point Reyes and way
stations.
— — __
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPA13
SCKNIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 23. 1900. via Sauaalito Ferry. WeeU
days— Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 y.
m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco, S a. m.,
9 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 1:30 p. m.. 2:C|
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Saiu
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st., 'Saa Francisco. Fare.
round trip from San Francisco. 81 40.
f "V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
¦ffl^gaift. O2."> KKABSY J*T. Established
fisrir'^^Sb 1 " IH3f 'orthetr<»atnii»ntoJ Frlvj,t»
BftiK »3r I)lseas«-a, LostHlanhixxt Debility or
IIsBk^<S*» rilspase wearlnfr on txxiyand mind aii d
skin Diseases. The doctorcures when I
iJaggjQ^H others falL Try him. Charger low.
i 'fWsriiWi'i 1'ttit- i 1-r 1 Callorwrltn.
Or. J. *•• «.IUBU.\. Box l*37.S*a Vrancbco.
Weeny Call, $1.00 jer Year
DPEDGINQ PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Nome,
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
pravel; has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma.
ASSAYING.
LTCAItN to pan. amalgamate, etc.. tn 10 days.
120. VAN DER NAILLEN. 9S3 Market St.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OCEAJJ TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
i te»w wharf, San Francisco:
ri^li .. For Alaskan port?" — 11 a. m..
1 VJtr^iJK- Ma y «• u - 18 - 21 - :e - 31 - June
• M»*55??l^ 6 - Change to company steam-
lii BK\ffr=\ er!« at Seattle.
I|^JsW>ra1 For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
ffO^BL^><!g^flj C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^fl^^^fn Tacoma. Fverett. Anacnrtes
"^asMBBjJt and New Whatcom (Wa?h.) —
11 a. m.. May 6, 11, 16. 21. 26.
31, June 5. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's rteamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka Humboldt Bay — 10 aw m.. May
s. 13. 18. 23. 23. Juno 2 and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Banta Cru«, Monterey, Ran Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford fSan Luis Obtspo). Oaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los AntreleiO and Newport— 9
a. m.. Irtay 7, 11, 15. 19. 23. 27.- 31. June 4 and
every f jurth' day thereafter.
For Tan DIeiro, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Banta Barbara. Port Los
Anjreles and Redr>ndn (Lns Ansre!«)— 11 a. m..
May 9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 29. June 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Eneenada. Masrdalena Bay. San Jo»» del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altnta. T*i Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. May 8, and
7th of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the riirht to ehanre
steamers Tallin? dates and hoars of sailing;.
vritYir.,11 r>r*"vious notice.
TICKET O*"«Ti0E-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PF.RKINS & CO.. Gen. Arentg.
, 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
W n. r, an, nn.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND *
From Bnear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
C*PC $12 First Class Including Berth
FMnC $8 Second '"lass and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May J. 13, 23, June i
COLUMBIA sails May 8. 18. 2S. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Aijent,
630 Market st
GOODALL. TERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
ufei. Valencia
\r ~*^-\ fob;
CapeNome
¦ *• i^EAvma
SAN FRANCISCO ....... .MAY 26
SEATTLE ...MAY 31
SECOND TRIP/
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
30 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
WIT T0SK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0ND05. PiKll .
Stopping at Cherbourjc. westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York........May 9 New York..... ...May 30
St. Paul. ....... ..May 16 St. Paul ....June 8
St. Louis.. ..May 23 St. Louis.... ....June 13
RED STAJ* LINE.
New York aijd Antw«r».
tFrom New .York every Wednesday, 1J noon.
Frlesland ...May 9 Kensington May SO
Southwark ......May 16 Noordland ......June 6
Westernland ....May 23 Friesland .......June 13
EMPIRc LINE.
S 8. Ohio calls from Steuart-st. wharf, San
Francisco, for Nome, on May 15, 2:30 p. m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, but limited freight space
Is still available. - Subsequent sailings from
Seattle* June 30, July 11, August SO. For rates
and other information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
: . SO Montgomery »t..or anv of Its aarents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAJ1EB3.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
' Steamer "Montlcwllo."
MON., Tues.', Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 8:15, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p.m. and 8:30; Sundays,' 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
ry FARE ..Wo
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HOL'Tiir.iix r aci rib tonpisr.
(PACiriC HVHTKM.)
Trains !?«»«¦ .«.i.l »rr dn* la »rrl»« mt
•**> fit % •>»« imo.
(Main Une. Foot of Market Street)
hZAru — From Mat 1. 1900. — >iuuva
•7:OO a Bfnlcf*. Suiauu. Elmira. VacatlUo,
Kumv-T au.l Uaerameiitn *7»«3»
•7:00* SbuU Express-Davis. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Kad
Bluff. FortlamL *7t*3r
•7s3«* Maxtii>ez.SauU»raon.Vane]o.Napa.
Calwti>K» ami S»nUl Roas 'SllSr
•S:8O* The O<erUn<i Umitod— Ogden. Den-
?er. Omaha. Chicag.i »S 1 19 1
•Si3u» Sail Jims, IJiermore, .Stockton,
Inne. Haerameutu. H»ci-rti;i»,
MurjMlllw. Chleo, Uml ItlnlT Miiap
•9:10 \ •Miiton. OaktUIr. Chtnesa (for Yo-
aemita). .iuuor*. Cmtten. *lil Sp
•»:OO» Haywanla. Nilraan.t Way Stations. M I:I3a
•0:UOa Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing
MarfSTllle. Orotill*. *7:l3p
•»:OOi Atlantic Kxprem— Ogdeii and Eut *9<43a
•!»:»«i* Loa Angeleo Kipresa — Martinez,
Tracy. l.athrop. atocktoa. Mcreed
and Krernio. ««:4.1r
•lO!«o« Vallcjo. Martinez atxl «», .Stations *O: I5t
¦lltOOi Nilts, Uvarinore. HUwktoo. Hscra-
mriito. Meiulota, llauford, Viiall»,
Porter»ill« M:l1p
¦I-J.-OOm Hajwanla. Nilesand Way Buttons. *3:l.lp
tltUUr Hirrmiiionti. Klfor Sleiiiiom \9-.mnr
•Ji»»r llaynarda. Niltra and Way Statlona. »»i •!» *
•»iO«r Martiiixx. Hun |Uiu»n, Vallnjo,
Hspa, r.ilisti.,*. .S»nta Kosa *9tia*
•liOOf liciiicla. Vaeutllle, Haeramtnto,
WiHxIiaiii). Knights I^udlnz,
Marratillp. Om«lll» *la:4Sa
•4ia<>rNtl«3. Has. loaoaiut. Stockton *?>I3f
•S:»OpTb« Owl Limiteil— Trary. Freano.
nakersosltl. Haiigua fur .-j*nti liar-
bar». l^>s An(fle« *9:43*
•3:«0r Fresno l"as»enger-JIartinr«. L»th-
rop. Mercetl. llcrciiJ.* (Raymond
for Yoaemite), Kk-mio *!3:13p
'liSOr Xtv >rleanr ELipreaa — Itakeraffeld.
HhiiU IUrl.«r>, l.u* Anceles. Dra<
log. Kl l'aso. New Orleans and
East ••1M4
MiStlp Hanta Fn Koule— AtUulio Eiprsss
fi.r Mnjinti *i»l t:..-t *6:13p
•O.oor IlaywaiiK Nilesaml Han Jose *7i4»*
t«::i«r VhII«j<» M3:l3p
•tt:3wr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Cheyenne.
Oinaha. Chlc«gu *S:43a.
•6:30r Oriental AUil -Ogilen. Denver.
Omaha, Chici*!i>. *4:13p
{7:00p Vail, j... Tort I'imU anil Way Sta-
tion*. JB;33r
•«li«3pOr<-K<'»amt California Kifrwa.Mao-
immniki. Murjlitlllo. Uoci.liuK.
I'... tUn.l. flight Son,..! »n.< f.Ant »»»13a,
COAST HI VISION t.Narn.u (-.nine).
(Foot of M.irktt Street.)
J7: 13* SanU Cniz Eicursioii for Santa '
Cmi and lritieip,»l Way Stations J9:O5p
•*:!¦¦»* Newark. «>iit>'r«iii,-..s»i l . ».,«-. I Vlt, m.
UoulderOrcek.SantaOruzand Way
8t.itlons •0>X«r
fStlSr Newark Ceaturvillf. Man .lose, New
Ahnaileu, Ktitun. lEoultlar Creek.
Santa Cruz and l'riuclpal Way
8t»tlot:a f« •»."»•*
•4il.1p Newark, M»n .lone. I^a Gatos •¦!!»•*
al:l»r GIfnvroo.1. Felton. Kanta Cruz «ft:A»A.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Utu SIN ni SCISCO— Fust if Hiriit Slnit (Slij I)—
m;« tK $SK± U:03 * 2:M t3;M
fr»ia OHL»»0— r.ot.f txniwj.— *6:0O 8:00 10:00*. II.
»2:C3 '1:03 12:03 '3:13 M:Q3 "3:03p.m.
COAST DIYISHI.1 (l!ro»iMJ«wgf).
(Thlr.l mul Tow mend St»)
t««l»* Oe«au View. H.mth .S«n Kr»nci«co.. 1«:3Op
f7:Wi»* San Jam m..l Way Stutiona (New
Alaiailin Wt-.lneH.Uxonly) *I>3«7
t?tSO« Sunday Excursion It San Jose,
Sants Cnz. Faciflc Grote and
Principal Way Stations tS:33p
•UiOO* Man June. Trea I'inua. ShuU Criu.
lV.-iiic timia. l'.ui.. Rubles. Hau
l.uis oi.i«|.i>. Surf. Lompoc aud
rilncipnl W»; HUlUn M:l«r
•!O. io» 8an Jose ami Way »tatious. •<!::».•> t
•llt»»* 8an.lose,LosGatostmlWaySUtloiis *3>UOp
V*: l%r San .Matco, Ketlw.nd. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, Han Jose.
Tres I'inos, Kauta. Cruz. SaUuaa.
Monterey ami 1'iciBe Grova t>*sS*4
fSsSwp 8an Jose and Way Dtatfoiis .....••. *7:3ttp
J4:I3p Sati Jose ami Principal Way SUtlons •!>: I3\
t3:00pSan Jou>. Los Gatos sod Principal
WaySutlonii |9:0«4
•3:3Op 8au.lose an.t I'rindi.*! Way Stations f»:X-.»
•«:Mr San Jose au.l Way Stations ?<»:(>««.
6ll:-t.->r Sa» Jwn-»n.l Way SUtlons »7»3u»
A foV Morning P (or A fternnon.
'Dally. t onnday exespted. J 3uml*j only.
6 Saturday only.
aSatardajr and Sunday, e Sunday and Monday.
I/DHPIJ 'Were successful at Nome last
IYIavIUII year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson St., S. F.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
*n * hG Goiet fields
Jm^f^w§^^^^r > ls as necessar y as a P Ic^-
/l^ft P$~fj|ji^P No miner should be without
J[ one. Unaffected by extreme
Winchester Ammunition
Bf|§P&i| Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
BSiieilil name anc * address on a postal card for
m nfiWilP' 160-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
Wtim/^m Winchester Repeating Arras Co.,
J^A/Sl NEW HAVEN, CONN.
%svu i. XwHV/W 4 1 ® Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.THE xSAlST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 7, 1900
8
FURNITURE '. WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY, buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1133 Market st; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays
T the highest price for your. 2d-hand furniture.
Hv. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.'
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— 4 nurseglrls, $20 to $23; French
nurse, $20; German nurse, $25; 6 second girls,
$20. city and country; 7 cooks, German style,
$2j to $30, city and country; governess, $25;
mother and daughter, $30; 10 hotel wait-
resses, $20 to $23, city and summer resorts:
restaurant waitresses, $6 to $7 a week: cham-
bermaids and waitresses, $15 to $20; fancy
ironere, $23 to $30; German laundress. $25.
country; 2 kitchen helpers. $15 and $20; a large
number of houseelrls for city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT 135
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city hotel, $25; 5 waitresses,
different resorts. $20; 13 waitresses, very best
commercial hotels, country: 2 waitresses, city.
$20:^ chambermaids, $18 and $20; 2 chamber-
maids to wait. |20; 2 cooks, summer resort*.
$40; second cook. Institution, $30; 2 fancy Iron-
ers, {30 and found, country; nurse. Institution,
$20 and found; cook, restaurant, J40; cook,
small boarding-house. $25
- FAMILY ORDERS
woman for good American cooking, smali
family, short distance In country, *30, faro
paid; cook and second on ranch, see party
here, Monday, at 10 o'clock; houseglrl, San
Mateo, $20. see party here at 11 o'clock, Mon-
day; cook for 5 people living in hotel. $20 to
?2;>: 2 housegirls to go together, call early,
Monday, a. m. : housegirl for Sacramento Co..
*2f and Ions list of others. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
A REFINED nurse, grown cnlldren.' $25; must
understand music. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
A— 2 GERMAN cooks, $30 each: boarding-house
cook. S30; French cook, {6 per week; cook,
San Jose, $30, 2 In family: housework, San
Mateo. $23; Belvedere. $10; Alameda,> $15;
Yountville, $15, fare paid; and several other
towns; 20 housework girls, city, $25 and $20.
and a number of young girls to assist. $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
1 WAITRESS, city: $20. ~
1 CHAMBERMAID, hotel, country, $25 and
I S GIRLS; general housework; $25.
3 COOKS, city, country, $25 to $30.
3 GIRLS: second work, $20. city; country, $25.
1 NUIISE for child, parties leaving city, fare
paid. *20; woman with a child, chamberwork,
country. Business Woman's Club. 927 Market.
EXPPZRIENCED young woman for cooking and
general housework: 4 In family; $25 per
month: references required. NE. cor. Twenty-
nfth and Fair Oaks sts.
A YOUNG girl for light housework and take
care of baby. 1528 O'Farrell st. between 11
and *.
WANTED— Competent cirl for cooking and
general housekeeping; wages $20. 2930 Sacra-
mento st.
NEAT young girl for upstairs work and sew-
ing. 2520 Vallejo St., near Scott.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
YOUNG girl for light second work. Call be-
tween 9 and 12. 2203 Buchanan st.
AN apprentice on coats; waces paid. H. DA-
VIS. 121 Russ st.
MACHINE operators wanted. H. ANDERSON.
co.= turner, 26 O'Farrell st.
A COMPETENT elrl for downstairs work and
cooking; $20. 1269 McAllUter st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call between
9 and 12, 2425 Flllmore st
WANTED— Girl for very light housework; call
morning. 1922 Howard st. upper flat.
YOUNG woman to wash dishes. Call at 136
Second st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom-
made coats. 410 Kearny St., room 27.
WANTED— A waitress. Restaurant 233 Sixth
street.
WOMAN for general kitchen work in restau-
rant; $4 per week. 413 Pine et.
WAITRESS— Nice, decent cirl. Apoly at 44S
Third st.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $15; refer-
ences required. 624 Oak st.
WOMAN cook for boarding-house. 322 Main
street.
GOOD tailoress wanted. J. DOLD, 653* Valen-
cia st.
WANTED— Ladles' clothes Ironer: no night
work. ; Standard I-aundry. 114 Hayes st.
GIRL about IS to attend office and assist in
laundry. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
GIRL to assist In housework; no small chil-
dren; wages $10. 1527 Geary st.
WOMAN wanted for light housework In small
family. 1307 Green st.
A YOUNG girl to take care of a boy 4 years
old: live at home. 911>4 Larkin st
YOUNG girl for light housework; a good
home. 328 Eddy St.
GIRLS "WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont at; elevator.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on' LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32H Fremont.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 \A 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening clats; illustrated catalogue and map
of city malnld free; halrdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st • - -f
WANTED— Girls to pack pickles In glass. Ap-
ply at PACIFIC VINEGAR AND PICKLE
WORKS. 415 Fulton st.
WANTED— A good laundress; wages $25. with
board and lodging. Address The Russ House,
San Jose, Cal.
WANTED — Girl, German preferred, for general
housework; email family. 1715 Buchanan st.
YOUNG girl to look after 2-year-old baby;
wages $6. 117 ABartlett st.
WANTED-A woman to help at light house-
work. 113 Taylor st.
WANTED — A good Ironer. polisher. Apply Cos-
mopolitan Hotel, room 79.
WANTED— Competent parlor maid and wait-
ress with references. Apply Monday from 9
to ll a. m. at l!>00 Jackson st.
WANTED— Waitress. 209 *Jones at. between
Turk and Eddy.
WANTED— First-class buttonhole maker on
vests; extra good pay. 95S Mission at.
WANTED — Woman about 30; must be compe-
tent and of good appearance. Box 431, Call.
EXPERIENCED talloress on coats: steady
work all year. 922 Seventh ft., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. Bookblndery,
63S Clay st. -
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st Open till 9 p. m. , ¦<¦
A. BRANCH "office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
' lencia st.
HELP . 'WANTED— MALE.
DAIRY foreman, $60 to $75: 3 men and wives,
$35, $40 and $50; 8 milkers. $23. $2S. $30 and $33;
•gardener, $23; stableman for country, $30; man
about place. $25; slaughter-house butcher, $30
and found: harness-maker. J2 50 a day: black-
smith. $60 and board: machine blacksmith, $4,
day: elop brick molder. $-1 day: carriage paint-
er. $3 day: setter for mill. $.'0 and board: ma-
chinists. $3 23 day; miners, muckers: carpenter
for. ranch: 1P0 laborers for mills, woods and
brick yards. $26 and $2 day and $30, fare paid ;
20 woodsmen. $20 to $40, see boss In city; 8
'.bark peelers, $40 and board, and many others.
; J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
BAKER, country shop. $12 week: oyster man
nnd waiter, ¦ $30; restaurant cooks. $10 week
and $40: oyster cook, waiters, porters, kitchen
men and others. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
62S Sacramento st
..'................. WANTED .........
Choreman about private place. In country. $23
per month and found, see party here; stable-
man for ranch, $23- and found.....
6- farmers'. for first-class Vineyard Co.,.$li;
per day and board, office fee reduced to $1:
milker and wife on dairy In Marln Co., $40 and
.found; milker. %2~> and $30 to $35: 10 laborers
¦for large Sawmill Co., J26 to $40 and board
• pantryman, for ..resort, ' near city. ,J20 and
found; lunchman for nice restaurant. In city.
-$35;- waiter for country restaurant. $30, and
others... ;
driver for milk route in city. $20 and found to
Ktart: haying hands, near city. $1, $115 and
$1 25 and found, etc.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
5 BOYS: $3 and $7 per week.' ~~~
1 GARDENER: country: $30 and found
1 PANTRYMAN: city: $25 and board.
1 IRON MOLDER: $100 per month.,'
2 -WAITERS: $40 and board.
1 PORTER: $23 and board.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 917 Market st.
MAN > and wife on . ranch,- south, $10. .MISS
. CULLEN. 325 Sutler »t. -.-. -:-¦¦-; -
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free ¦¦ employ-
ment. H. Bernard. See. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.,
WANTED— Flrst-cla?s coatmaker: steady posl-
5 tlonrcountry. Apply P. GREENBERG, room
29. Flood building. -. .^. ; ,-.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. Apply 106 Second
street.- ,
¦AX FRANCISCO CALL.
PrSINKFS OFFICE of th« Ssn Francisco
Tel!, ccrrier cf Market and Third streets, open
trr.MI I! o'clock every n'.rht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-C27 Montgomery etreet
errner Cay; open until J:30 p. m.
fro Hayes »tr«-t; open until S.30 p. m.
€2S McAllister Street; open until 3:30 p. ra.
('.' Larkin Ftreet; open until 9:33 p. i:t.
JM1 M'.fslon etreet: open until 10 p. ra.
ICC1 _&:ket fetrect. corner Sixteenth: cpei
cm;] t p. n.
J« Eleventh Ftreet: cpen until S p. m.
3CS« Velencia Ftrrct: open ur.tS! 8 p. m.
KI3 Polk Ftreet; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twrnty-txeond and Ken-
tucky rtreety; c.pcn until 9 t>. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
G«"_r»EN GATE Comma ndt-ry No. IS. .JC^
K T.. Golden Gate boUdlnc 623 ntf,
ier st.— Stated ¦¦!¦ IllMj THIS EVEN- l£2j
ING at k o'clock. Annual election of \y
officers. All fraters are courteously
invited J. c. CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Kecorder.
PAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal ./^
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. Jti^
Huslness and M. M. degree.
DCCfDKKTAL I/x".Cf No. '-"2. F. and A. «
M— THIS (UO.VDAT) EVENING, at «#\^
t o'clock, ttaicd nicttins. By order of Jt^\
tte W. M. /V>
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lo6re No. 127, F. an1 A. *
M.— Stated meeting THIS PAY (MO.V- _JV_
]UT). May 7. ISOt at i o'cloi-k p. m. )y?
By order of the W. M. f »
L. SCIU'MAdlKR. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON^sflyJuee No. ZV). F. «
and A. M., Franklin Hall. Fillmore st. _tf%-
bct. Bush an<i f-'utier.— Stated meeting *k_K
and third Uw>? THIS EVENING at r^T *
7;S.\ IIAUIIV ISAKIIH. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Encamnment No. 57. I. O. JV xj
O. F.— Members will assemble in En-
c*_p_ent Hall, TUESDAY. May «, at S\
12 o'clock noon, for the puriv-.se of at-X X
t«>nii1r.g the funeral of B. E. HENDRICK-
BEN. J. T. McGHEE. c. P.
GERaANU Lo<ice No. 116. I. O. ,,_»41j_v.
O. 1".— The funeral committee. n8j_SSSs:
officers and mfn;b"rs ave invite 1 : 2S£~J*5jF
to attend Use funeral <>t cur late w"" 1
brother. II. A. IVEHSER, TUESDAT. May S.
tt 1:30 o'clock, from <M-5 I-Ylluws' Hall, cor-
ner Market and He: emit ets.
A. WAGNER. N. O.
I~aiTL MEMEIER. Prot. Sec.
PJONEE _S: The regular .yaL.
I . : - :s will i ¦¦' held
A • . ¦ _ t --'It'— _ II i ** i tf
r^juefted. J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
ET. ANDREW'S S<xirty-O:>en meet- A Os !
ing on MONDAY EVENING. May 3V, %BVJ '
7. at Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st. j
Members anJ fri-nis invited. **s_*!fc
WILLIAM RALNAVES. President. ,
A. R- PATTERSON. Secretary. ;
IT. ANDREW'S Society— Annual pic- _ <y >. ;
r.!c will be held at Fairfax Park, ju QJ/J ;
rear San Ra_*I on SATURDAY. -iVT_* :
May 12. t**. Hound trio tickets, Vs£?» I
tOc; children. 2i>c: to be had from members. I
W'lLLIAM UALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
1NNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet- I
In* cf stockholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar I
Plantaticn Corr.pany xvill he held at the offlc*
of the company. 127 Market st.. San Fran- '
cIbco, Cat. on Tuesday, the Sth day of May. I
1S-0O. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the purpose j
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensulr.? year and the transaction of such \
ether business ts may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer bocks will dose on Friday,
April £7. li>O0. at ?. p. m.
H. V>'. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
AGI2XTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Good thing, pood sales, good I
profits e.nd good chance for right men. Ad- j
dre— . v 1th fctair.p. *\ \V. BLANCHARD. lie- I
nicia. Cal.
K LIMITED number of women capabl* of inter- !
«Tt:nE capital are requested to calHat rocm
13. seventh floor. Hills buiitJInc.
EXPERIENCED building and loan agent*.
P.rfrr. 1406. Cluus Spreckels building.
AjtTIIOLOtiY.
PnOK. A. MASERY of Egypt. EnJaTesTastroN j
cplft ar.d palrr.in In the world; satisfaction :
guaranteed. 15 Powell ft I
ATTORN _VS AT LAW. ~
A.DVICE free: divorce law a sr>ecia'.ty; private;
no fee without euccess; collections. G. W. !
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. |
ADVICE frw; no charge unless euc.ceas.ful. %\. I
W. DAVIDSON. V27 Market St.. opp. Mason, t
L. P. CLARK. Emma Srreckels bldp.. 927 Mar- i
kft st.: consultation 1r^f. no fees In advance, j
O4TII CAP1KBT — HOT AIR. VAPOR. I
ROBINSON f.". <-|>ari«>l fnHlnjr: door op^ns; firm ;
er.fj gafp. \V. .<. DK'WX, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis, j
BELGIAN HARES.
FlaREMONT BELo7a1k~HaH_ ASSOCIA^
TION.
~> have f»™rM FASBODA PRINCE (imp.), i
*on nt Chawrion Fashoda. fee 115; also |
P.OYAL PXx:hl>ALE. son of Rochdale, fee ;
Sl n . Drpes shipped us by express for service !
vlll receive careful attention.
Higrh-tlass rtoos, l»rp<l and unbred; does with ;
Utters and ><-ur.gsten- of best strains: alii
(...-.i.-s cf animals at reasonable prices.
W. B. THOMAS. «16 Telegraph ave., opp. i
Tcmesca! power house. Oakland.
IMPORTANT TO OWNERS OF BELGIAN i
HARES— On Tuesday and Wednesday, May 8
end S. MRP. A. M. Bl'SH of Lob Angeles, the
only person on the 1'hcISo Coast authorized i
ty the National Aes<vlation at Denver as an !
official ecorer. ¦—.-ill be at our salesrooms In <
Alarr.eda for the ruTQse of scoring haren.
. Ail persons v»ho desire an official ecore upon j
their ar.imala t-hould not fall to avail them- '
reives of this <i(i»ortun1ty. CALIFORNIA j
BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION. Alameda '
Cal. :
CO Dealers— We are prepared to furnish you ;
with all grades of animals. both.imDorted ard ¦
domestic, at i.ri( cs that will be sa,....actory. j
In addit.on to our present large collection
"— *¦ havo SO animats due on the 10th lnst. di- i
rect from England.
Call at onr-c an<i secure the choice ones.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCI \. I
TION. Alamf-da, Cal.; tel. Grand lSCl. )
THE largest and best-equipped rabbltry north t
cf Los Aneeles; imported Belgian hares: !
•wro>£a!e an.1 retail; fashionable strains of
Imported bucks and does always on hand; i
r.urse dots; a full line of rabbltry supplies. ]
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.. i
ffS-Cll Golden Gate ave, S. F.; tel. South i
€_, IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor. j
rHOROrGHBRED Beljrian does, bred to Royal I
Sovereign. JI0 to J20; to Emperor of Norfolk. '
. 12* to 130; to AJax <hlKheft-scoring buck in
America), $30 to S50; youngsters, all strains 6
¦wwks. $2 50: 10 weeks, « 50: 3 months. $5 and
l(>. Kenwood Rabt/.try. L30 14th St.. Oakland.
BOSS Rabbltry. 2S13 Howe st.. Oakl«n<l— Thor- i
oughbreii Belgian hare*, breeding doe*-; voung- i
eters for sale from the following strains; Yu- 1
kon. Lord Rochdale-, Klondike NuRgct and i
P.pd Sovereign; British King at service: vis- !
ltcrs welcome; take Mountain View cars. |
FOR sale— Pedlrt— <1 Belgian hares; from SS !
upward HAHKET-BT. RABBITRY. W £
BENTHAM. Proprietor. 1S32 Market St. I
PEDIGREED Ftock-Twi popular .strains; Lord j
Fashoda Chirf <imp.> and other grand sires at I
stufl. Eureka Rabbi try. 1616A Turk; vis. wel. j
THE rnrinal RabbltryT^Haslett _ Bew. 1221 '
Grand ft.. Alarr.eda.: correspond, solicited.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exclinnice.
LADY'S wheel, almost rew. cheap or exchange
for l.-.<jy's watch. Box 413. Call office.
DOARDI\G VOH. CHILDRKX^
LOVELY FUburban home for l>jy about 4 years
old, a-5 companion; references given- reason-
able; k!r<ierg_rlen near. Box 27C? Call of-
fice. Oakland.
I WANT little girl as companion for mine-
musir; ail vociforts. Address box 2770 Call
office. Oakland.
i'OTTNfi ccupie would like to board a little cirl-
gocA nom»; HO month. 41 Julian ave near I
Fourtfvnth st. I
¦ _ I
BOOKS XEW AXO OLD. i
|g BOOT AXn SUOB : BAIUi A I XS.
BARGAINS, ladies' and childrrn'a'shoesTdrum^"
racrs' tainples nits, cmst. Kuhlbecher. Hi 4th.
Bl'SIXR!>S , CIIAXCES
BRANCH bakery »ni1 candy store; livinr rms •
cheap rent COWING _ CO., 719 Jlarket st.
CIGAR etore on Market rt.; bargain. COWING
4: CO.. 713 Market .t.
DEtaCACY Btore; fine location: cheap rent-
with rooro«. COWING & CO.. 71i» Market bt.
CANDY and Ice crcaru parlor: Market et; a
*nap. COWING _ CO.. 713 Market st.
firA-PARTNER wanted: Usbt Indoor business;
will j*ay over JCO r»r month yearly. _c-
LAirGHLIN —CO.. 777>j Market *t.
|r "0—BARBER fehnp; 4 chairs; well established;
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO...77TH Market
UT5— FALOON: fine location: rent |>ai'l till June
16; Belling departure. BASILE, 3 Eddy et
F^R »«!«" — Paloon In wholwale district. Inqulr*
.1VXCHMA2CX. JJ--r«__-»i _ _i_ _8 Clay at
SPIRITUALISM.
attention"! "Trrrr.i- .7™ r.~.. . . removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Mrst Famous Medium [
and Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism,- all skin diseases, heart ana
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
ave.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B. — Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broad wpy.
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist: 25c. 15R1 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and magnetic
treatments. 1206 Market St.. rooms 15-16.
EDWARD EARLE. 33(T Ellis st-Seance~Sun^
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock. .
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th: clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS.J.J.WH1TNEV. clairvoyant, test, business
medium, l'fe r esd»r: slttlne. SI. 1104 Market.
CLAIItVOYAXTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK. "
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 203 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life: while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will chow you how to overcome your ene-
mies, remove family troubles, restore lost
affections,* unite the separated, recover lost
your entire life while In a perfect trance:
satisfaction stuaratiteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the ereatest Egyptian
secret; shows pictvire future husband or wife;
f<»e 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 1167 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. ZEREDA of g {Seventh ft. original gypsy
life reader: readings 25c; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
LIFE readings with mrds; ladles 23c. gents 50c.
13S2 Market, room 27, opp. Odd Fellows' bldg.
MirG. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st., near Larkln.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
j reader; German spoken. 921',A Mission. op. Mint.
i MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
I sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 2Sc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to Brave; future hus-
band'a picture. ;So; lwdies. a\4 O'Farrell at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less succrsF'ul. Room 310 W Market St. ¦
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW cottage, 4 rooms, R3 Manchester st, off
Folsom. $10. Key at 350 Precita ave.
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath. 2942 Fol-
som st . •
DENTISTS. .;.; •* ¦/ —~
: A— DR. T. S. mGCJINS' dentaT*» parlors! 927
Market et.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract- I
ed without pnin b/ use of electricity, gas or
chloioform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most- artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings-
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully .treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that tit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth '
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years, fillings. 50c: crowns. S3 50: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. j
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth I
without plates our specialty; gold crowns. ;
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager. |
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3: new
methods in bridge work: fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c; gaa girea.
New York Dental Parlors. 963 Mlsslon,cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
\ per E<>t: extracting. 50c; pas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with wrlt-
i ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
i SI. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
; Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; flljlngs. 25c.
I MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12. !
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 'Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET o7 teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOTTNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELET'S C. P. mange cure and worm
Fills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
CIO Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR.'BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
.'DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S Is the plac,e to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut 103 Post st
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
I PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary St.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
I EDUCATIONAL.
! A^gTiXaGHER-TAP.U United" Schools. Par-
rott buildlns: Gallagher. IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr. expert'
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand.
. typing, languages, telegraphy. English
branches. « ivil. electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; .Ufa
scholarship, $50; day. and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGES. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 205 Larkin st. :
the coming school; .thorough:. up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est 1S64. -
VAN DER NA1LLEN SCHOOL, 533 Market-
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. J02 Montgmy.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI.
IOCS Mission; annual concert May 16. 421 Post.
ADCLTS ami children taught English branches;
Individual instruction; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
LOOKKEEPINO-practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.. Flood bldg.
ESP1NA, Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. S37 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
rtc: flay or eve.? $¦> mo. 102-* Mission. Vir. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor nnd Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment ofilce; established over- five ¦ years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Ofllce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42C Powell, nr. Sutler; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
l»e».t help furn.: tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.: :¦
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Best help. 417 Powell st. telephone Clay S6.
KMI'1-OY.IIEXT \VAXTED— KEJIALK.
A COMPETENT German laundress desires 8lt-
uatlon: best city reference; city orcountry.
MISS CI1LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS Danish cook - desires -. sltua-
tlon: best of . references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 22Ti Sutter et.
A YOUNG girl wishes situation doing general
housework: three years In last place; coun-
try preferred. • Please call 729C Clementina st.
WOMAN wants situation • to ¦ do light house-
work or cooking: can milk cow. H. DONO-
VAN. 270 Jessie st.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A— J45O; SALOON, with living rooms; estab.
many years and good paying place; on Sixth
st; low rent. Call R. G. WILKE, i<06 Market.
A—_M; DELICACY and candy store; choicest
lui-atirn en MJastaO St.; n nt }25; living rooms;
daily receipts S- 11 : place must be sold at once;
owner to leave the city. Call It «J. WILKE,
'.«* Market st.
A— J50O-CMOPHOUSE . and restaurant; estab-
lished Cu years: rc-r.t J25; opp. R. R. depot;
a splendid chance and a good paying busi-
ness. Cal! R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st
A— JSjti: CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market
and Stockton ets.; net rent $63; a good-paying
and oid-fstablished business. Particulars R.
G. WILKi:. 80S Market st.
AT— C40M; BEST lucated saloon on Market st;
w'th 7 club and ladies' rooms and fine
t-'ret-nce; place is known over the U. S. and
Kurope and doing a large, profitable business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market nt.
A— $2000— PARTNER wanted in best-located sa-
loon on Market et; place open day and night;
doing a first-class, paying business; owner
wanti a good, honest man for assistance. Par-
ti cularslt ; ti ; \WLKE : _90iS2^f^f^_^
A— JSCC- BAZAAR and notion store, with 3 fine
living rooms; rents *22 50; a good paying busi-
ness; etcck values the price: best location on
principal street R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— J1SC0— BAKERY on leading business street;
Western Addition; rent 163; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 3V4 barrels per day: sick-
neFF cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE. SO*
Market st.
A— $2tX>0— CORNER grocery and bar, with four
living rooms : rent $50; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mirslon st: place doing a good
: paying <-:i«h business; full value in sight.
Call H. O. WILKE. S0« Market St.
AN UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY
Grocery, «alocn and bakery combined; located
in the Western Addition; 5 nice, sunny living
rooms attached; all handsomely fitted up and
furnished: ovrr 52700 worth of stock on hand:
aKo a new and elegantly furnished house of 8
rooms; this is the greatest bargain rfver of-
fered in San Krrtncisco: open to invesrlsation;
absence and sickness of owner forces sale at
once. He* II. A. BROOKS, 32 Gold.en Gate av.
jrooG WILL buy a first-class candy store, ln-
clndlnc everything pertaining to the business;
lv«?ated in the most uroininent part of this
city. Particulars BKOCKLEHUKST &¦ ME-
GLADDERY. 710 Market Rt.
A-$3iO; PARTNER wanted; must bs steady, :
reliable man. satisfied with $18 to $20 a week;
no night or Sunday woik; trial given before
buying. Apply at 9 Geary St.. room 2.
J13**— PARTNER wanted in a downtown coffee
Haloon: good chance for Fteady man; will pay
$7'» mo. to ea. Cal. Investment Co., 632 Market i
FOR sale— <*c-'jntrt hotel and bar; first-class
property; near tills city; doing a splendid
buslne^y; this will bear closest investigation
htuI will warrant the attention of hotel man
meaning business and with some capital. H.
H. CRANE, D'tS California tt.
TO l?as«-— Old established brewery > fitted up
for immediate oi>eiations. .617 Sacramento st ,
BARBER shop for sale; one chair; worth $125,
for $65; parly going to Oregon. 1333 Mission.
A GOOD paying grocery and bar; good loca-
tion; party guing East. 213 Natoma st.
ANY one intending to make Berkeley his
home for the purpose of educating his fam-
ily and at the same time receive an income of
Jifiio per year in an old established and re-
sp^ctable business would do well to address
MAXWELL, P. O. box 3, Lorin. Capital re-
quired for the business about $2500 cash or,
to include the property. $4000 additional, part
of which would be oxchanged for other good
properts-. N. B.— Principals only.
HAT, grain, wood and coal business. $400: rent
$lOVs; daily tales. $20. Candy stores, $300 to
J100U. Delicatessens, 1100 to $1000. Cigar stands
Jl'25 to $4C0. Branch bakeries and groceries,
KWO uu. Marion Griffin, 713 Market, nr. Call.
FOR sale in Oakland; a good-paying 3-story
hotel, furnished. 30 rooms and 2 stores: corner;
established 6 years; good title and location;
Vrk-e JlO.OtO: S3W..0 to $.'>00o cash required. Ad-
dress box 84, Alden Station,' Oakland.
A— $3000: CAFE and restaurant on Market st,
dcing a large and profitable business; r.o bet-
ter location: only tirst-claES trade; 5 years'
lease; a rare chance. Address box 454S. Call.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman to take a third
interest In two rich gravel mines In Oregon;
deeded land; Invesilsatlon invited. Particu-
lars address box 408. Call.
DO you want good paying dairy depot, clear-
ing more than $2 per day? some delivery; on
account or departu:e; no reasonable offer
refused. Address J.. box 1S3L Call office.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper shop: also steel range; doing good
business: f-stablished 14 years. 411'.4 Califor-
nia St.. EUGENE ROBINET.
DRVTG store for tale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug store in a good mining town; cash trade.
Call at 730 OFsrrell st. city. !
CHANCES OTi-l ODPOrtunities to make money
without meney: issued monthly at 25c or
stamp for circulars. 3A. P. O. box 2464. S. F.
$:c.o— A WELL-PAYING business; good loca-
tion; stationery, notions, bakery, candles,
clrar*. etc.; living rooms. Box 460, Call.
A— $100: HOME bakery for sale; a good Ilvlnc
and monry besides; solid trade; near school.
S328 Twenty-second rt., near Valencia.
I HAVE a baker}' store and restaurant for
sale: $1000 to $4000; no agents. T. W. WARD.
422 Fourteenth st, Oakland.
DENTISTS desiring large and growing prac-
tice immediately on shares; investigate: easy
terms. Write D. D. S., Call office, Oakland.
BAKERY store. 1101 Howard st; 4 rooms; large
oven. and tools to let low; location excellent
FOR sale— $300; old-established watch repair-
ing and Jewelry store. Box 414. Call office.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale— Good business;
cheap rent. Apply by May 10, 4 Valencia st.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth st
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; party going to
Cape Nonie. Apply 777H Market st. ,
$300 CASH— Paying business; rent free ; store
and bar. 36S Eleventh et. _ ¦
FINK delicacy store for sale; cheap. 645 Mc-
Allister et.
STATIONERY store: good location; clean, new
stock. Bex 1S20, Call office.
GOOD route on this paper In Western Addition.
At'Ply at this office.
BARBER shop and cigar store for sale cheap,
account departure north. Box 1879, Call.
PLUMBING shop, stock and chop tools; in good
location. Box 4582, Call.
WELL-ESTABLISHED grocery: central loca-
tion; cheao If at once. Box 303. Berkeley.
FOR sale — A fine fruit store; good business;
price $300. 1217^ Scott st.. near Ellis. *
COFFEE and tea routes suuplled from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubecrlptio.is has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla gt. .^^i:
LODUIXG-IIOLSES FOR SALE. \
66-ROOM house; 24 rooms furnished: rent $80;
price $450. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
10 ROOMS; on Jot:es: clears $S5 $400
30 rooms; fine corner; on Mission..... 450
10-roor.i house house; new furniture 200
12-room house: on Post st 400
1«) rooms; rent },V); clears $200 ir,oo
IK rooms on Third st 250
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2000
K-room flat: new; elegant 600
1$ rooms: on one floor; near Call office., f.50
37 rooms; on Howard st; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms: on Market st.; worth $1200 S00
10 rooms: on Mason st.: payments 450
MONET TO I/»AN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A BIG. nrw house, new furniture, full,
cleat-ins J?JO mo.: half cash: easy terms.. $1600
1* rooms; central: -rent $40; clears $oO 550
!> rooms. 2 b!k«.-N. Mkt.; rent J40: O. K.. 3<V)
36 rooms on Mkt: oak furniture; bargain. 1400
13 rooms; cor. on Po«t; good money-maker. 11C0
S rmt ; full; r»nt $2S: «.-lean; time on part 350
13 rooms: nr. Mkt: low rent: good bus.... 6T.n
37 rooms; full; 23 boarders: bon ton lfiTO
?2 rooms: central: rent $<5: money-maker. 700
12 rooms; rent $50: 6 steady boarders COU
Jf!O more! I will lend you part on any house.
MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market, nr. Call big.
R. H. WINSTON "& CO.C.J026 Market
1"> rooms: rent $."i0: near Stockton st $400
21 rooms: comer: nvist sell; offer wanted.
2S rooms; ropt $03: Stockton ft SftO
U rooms: part cash; only 1600
Mary oth«r good bargains.
WE have a choice selection of lodging houses;
1» In 100 rooms; at bargain prices. SCIIWEIN-
1IAUD & CO.. S17 Market tt. rooms 1 and 2.
CARRIAGES AMD AVAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EAGAN &. SON. 2117 Mission st!
NEW & 2d-hand wagon*. bncs1<»». carts _ har-
ness, work & driving horses, if-th & Valencia.
CARPET UEATIAti AND CLKAXIXG.
WHt-'.N' ycu beeorr- disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-b-at-
lng Wcrka. 853-3S7 Tehama st: tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co
342-344 McAllister st. phone south 14«. ¦
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Heating and Heno-
vstlng Co.. 240 I4th ft: tel. Mission 74.
CITY f-team Carpet-beating Works. O H
6TKVKXP. nun-.. 3S-40 Sth St.: tel. South 2 JO.
J. McvjUKEVK California Carpet Cleaning Co
*ZZ Stevenson St.: tel. tlouth 223; lowest rates.
CAHPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c
PTHATTON'S. 3 Eighth st: tel. Jessie >44
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. "
CONKLIfTS Carpet-beating Works, KU Golden
GaU ave; telesnoat Eaat 128.
• - —E_P WAXTED-MALE.
WA^*T_15^e^rultsr~for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between th«
ayes of 21 and 33 years: not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over S feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sona who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become <?itliens: able to '**'J:. wr l " -
and speak Enslish properly. For tg™*?**'
formation apply at the Marine Recrultlnc
Of3ce 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. CaL. cr
S30 K ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Valet: Edward Langer preferrei.
Address WM. I. PiXLET. corner O FarreU
anu Powell st». __]__
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prloe. S62 Mission >t.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 70O rooms. 25c night: readinr rocm: fre»
'bus and baggage to and from the '~~ ~ ¦
L1NDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c tn i5c p»r night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22CO Fillmow st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been ©penevl
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 3 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an- 1 .
»ub»crirtio3» has been established at 1096 Va-
Ifnct* «t
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Snle
40 HORSE3 for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse M_-<et. ;
M7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
KITLLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctloneer*.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1«1
and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; « and t yea.rs
old. DALXIEL. vet. dent.. 605 Golden Gato »».
J. M. CANTY has removed h!» 200 horses to
2170 Market st : Castro-st. cars pass the doer.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. I'MBSEN «t CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 926 Washington st. for sale or rent.
Apply to J. C. WAGNER. Ahlborn House.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717— S rooms each and fcatX
modern, sunny ; cnnvenlentj r^nt reduce _»
HOUSE -.-JSUBURB.A.V.
SANTA CRL'Z MOUNTAINS— Summer home: tO
acres; 12 rooms; completely furnished: bath,
piano, horses, carriages, barn; reasonable to
I renponsible party. Particulars call T. M.
SILVET. 624 Market »t.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— From 1511 Golden Gate ave., en Satur-
- day. May 5, a white and brown femala fox
terrier: a. good reward.
LOST— Carved leather chatelaine bag: contains
2 pair glasses, several addresses; reward, l'ls
Fulton st.
FOUND— Female greyhound. Apply 1033 Va-
lencia st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home' consultation free. Write or call at
lCCSS Market »t. -
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly of 401 Van Ness. return-^I
from Europe with advanced knowledge; treat-
ment $5: 15 years' successful practice In S. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 1007U Market ft.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yra
practice; home in confinement: treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market: ladies' spe-
cialist: treatment at office, S3: consultation
1 free: hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 2^7.
DR. F. FRANK and MRS. ANDERSON. ladW
physicians; reliable specialists; treatment, c.
1019 Lacuna st.
DR. and MRS DA VIES. 122S Market: ladi-s'
physician; chronic diseases treated; Ulo
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
s4cian; English and German spoken; terms
reasonable. 828 Castro st. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' sDeciallst— Treat-
men at office. S3; consultation free. IU3 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
DR. NG TOT KEE. late of Canton. Chlr.a: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and t^as; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento, cor.Kearny: advice fre«.
VI- VI— DR. WISF. & CO.. the ladles' special-
ists, HIS Market ft.; IT> up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private horna-
In confinement for ladies. Sl» Eddy st. ,
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment. 13.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGEN UR— Privata Sons
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ats.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dli-
eases of the human body. W Mason st
MEDICATED n.VTHS.
AN1DIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles; ladies' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness av»..
opp St. Ignatius, room 12. front: no slrns.
Addr»?w for booklet. DR. COVANT. 47 Post
METAPHYSICS.
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mag-
netic healing. Dr. La?sw«H.l4 McAlllster.r.:4.
_1NES AND MINING.
OIL proposition— McKlttrick district; flr»t-
clasa location: £50 to take last subscript 1 .- :i ;
promoters' Interest to form company; bedrock
basis all equal. Box 440. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-ftand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, sh-'Ung, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear ?..
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures: new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can slWl« everything in 24 hours. 5. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: write for catalogue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal us"; 4 fall
quart bottles, exprpssage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
lns on case to Indicate contents: twlco the
price could buy no better; mail orders solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
BUILDING of 10 rooms and bath to b<» removed
at 928 Bush st. Inquire of EDW. K. PEAR-
SON. 1231 Folsom st; tel. Jessie 1333.
ONE extra tine quality, double. 1 outer and. t
Inner. 2 compartments, flre and burglar proof
- bank vault; made in sections for convenience
In.shippirs ami for setting up: will sell at a
bargain for cash. Box 1SS0. Call offlee.
CHEAP— 12-horcei>ower engine and boiler; 2
steam pumps; Buffalo wagon scales; farm
bell; camping wagon. 16^3 Geary «t-
POWERFUL day ami night ft>ld glass. J3; reg-
ular price. $15. UNCLK HARRIS, l.j Grant av.
WE rent full-dress suits for $2 50. Portland
Loan Office. 23 Stockton st. phone Black 1201.
BARBER fixtures and furniture: 2-chair outfit
complete: must be sold at once at a sacrifice.
Inquire room 614, Call bids. •
AUTOMATIC Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine;
good order: complete; cheap. 1313 Mission st..
near Fifteenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
J100: concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
S3? Market st. San Francisco.
6 SPRINKLING wagons. F»conrt-hand, In gcod
condition, for sale. 377 Shutwell st.
$2S— CLEVELAND. In perfect condition, at 1C13
Sanchez -st. near Twenty-ninth.
GOOD navy built, high end surf boat for jEoT
Apply LEE'S boat house Lor.g Wharf.
FIREWOOD ami lumb«r cheap at corner First
and Mission sts. Inquire on brcmlses.
FOR sale— Fox-terriers; pui-s; cheap. 21S<-i Te-
hama St.. ur>stairs.
FOft sale— Al fresh young milk cow. Apply
122 Farallon st. Ocean View.
GOOD wagon for sale; als:> harness. 907 Point
> Lobos ave.
A-J3 50DERBY and~F>Jc.ra hats. « 75. Pcp-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
ONE 3 II. P. 220 volt motor: standard make: al-
niost new; cheap. WHITE. 5H Mission »t
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. J327 Market, bet »th and tOtt*,
*_i-SLOOP yacht; length S3 icet. bean* 14-~3
rooms-; in good condition. Inquire at 415
Twenty-eighth »t.
A FINE suit. J10; dress pants. |2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery it
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dltlan; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 13th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: iron and wood
planers; lathe-; 20-hand. J. Burke. 13S Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model-
choap. Typewriter Exchange. 403^ California. -
NEW and second-band slot machines bought
and gold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market »t.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre a 1^1 burs"
lax proof s_e. _S California *u
H_H____ifi_______________l__________l_M_____
EMPLOYMENT tWAXTED— FEMALE-
NURSERY governess— Refined young lady, best
of references, would give part of each day to
teach children English, German and music.
M. L. P., S25 Grove st. . ¦
COMPETENT girl wishes situation as cook or.
would do housework in small family: Ameri-
can preferred ; references. Call 2620 Sacra-
mento st.
RESPONSIBLE, . "neat, middle-aced i woman,
real good cook would like situation to do
cooking and housework. Call or address 114
Fell st. for three days. - . - '- " -
AN American woman wishes situation . to do
any kind of workr Is first-class laundress and
good housekeeper; will work by day at $1 and
_ca£fare. • 211.",; Minna, downstairs, not in rear.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing and
housfcleanlng by the day. Call 65 Tehama
st.. bet. First and Seeond.__ -
A LADY wishes house cleaning by the day or
washing. 573 Natom,a st.
A* REFINED middle-aged lady, first-class Ger-
man and .French cook, good housekeeper,
wishes a position In a nice small family or
as housekeeper; Kood home; reasonable wages;
,clty or country. Call or address MRS. M..
1411A Folsoin. st.
DRESSMAKER who thoroughly understands
cutting ami fitting desires a few select cus-
tomers; Eton suits a specialty: made in 2
_days; $1^0 day. Box 418, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as governess,
either visiting or resident; all English
branches, music and drawing. Address box
3r 2766, -« Call (office; Oakland.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wants position as
housekeeper for family of adults: desires a
pood home; f-niall wages. MRS 5 . ANNA
MKRRYWEATHKIl, Station K. city.
AMERICAN woman, tii.st-class worker; good
references: day's work or permanent situa-
tion; sleep homo. 620 WashiJiRton st., room 6.
SITUATION wanted in private family: good
home more than waces. Apply 144S Fifteenth
avenue, South San Francisco.
WELL oducated, middle-aged German woman
dt-siies to assist with housework In small.
honest family Address box 1SS3, Call office.
A FIRSTrCIiASS dressmaker wishes engage-
nients by the day. Address Si" Howard st.
WOMAN wishes to work by day washing and
Ironing and hctiyecleaninK. 213 Eighth st.
GOOX) dressmaker wishes to sew in family by
the day. Address 4:!5 Fulton St.. upstairs.
WANTED — Work by the day by a. Scandinavian
girl. Address SS7 Webster st., Oakland;
AN elderly woman wishes a situation a* house-
keeper: cood reference. COS Franklin st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rdbms: 25c to H 50 night: $1 60 to $5
w»ek. convenient and respectable; free bus
and loKrHKr* to and from ferry. . • '
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received n| Ca't branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH oince for the reception ot adver-
tlM-ir.ents and subscription* has been opened
»t 12i3 Pclk ft.: nnen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH ofr.ee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at i09< Va-
lencia *t.
EMl'LOYMEXT WAXTED MALE.
MAN war.ts work; can do carpenter work, re-
pair and polish furniture; has tools; good ref-
erences: city or country. Address H., box
417, Call office.*
ENGINEER, young, practical, used to any kind
of f-URine; also good machinist and pipefitter;
first-class references. Box 1SS1. Call office. |
ANY party wishing the help of a competent
man from here to Paris apply for particulars
at 240 Natoma st.-
EXPEHIENCED engineer and machinist, thor-
oughly understands his business, seeks posi-
tion In city or country; 15 years' experience
on thrashing machine and donkey engine;
knows how to repair. Address L. TRIST, 114
_E!lic st.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced In wholesale busi-
ness, wants employment: 9 years In last place;
Al reference. Address W. K., box 411. Call.
YOUNG assistant smith and helper wishes a
situation in a good shop with a chance to
learn; city or country: first-class references
furnished. P.ox 413. Call office.
YOUNG man of good appearance and habits
would like a position as nurse or attendant:
understands massage: city reference. Ad-
dress box 416. Call office.
WANTED— A position on fruit ranch by a
married man: competent to take entire
charge; wife a. first-class cook and house-
keeper. Address box 413, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paper-hanger, painter, tinter,
etc.-. sober and with good references, wants
work: country only; no trifiers. Box 447, Call.
COLORED man and wife would like position
as first or second cook with parties going
to Nome. Box 1890. Call office.- - -
NURSE and masseur. • German,' experienced in
In traveling with Invalids, -wishes position;
best references. Box lgS6. Call office.
A SOBER, reliable man -wants any kind of em-
ployment; speaks French and English; can
do housework. A. R., -914 Sixteenth at., rear,
Oakland.
MAN and wife desire farm work: man Is
dairyman; wife Is good cook. Apply 707B
Stockton st.
WANTED— By a thoroughly competent man,' a
position as head gardener In a private fam-
ily or park; best reference. Box 1882. Call.
JAPANESE conk wants position In good fam-
ily. Address H. A.. 24S Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has-been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
exchange:.
STORE and flat; right In town: installment:
mortgage $2c00; equity worth $2500 for vacant
lot: cash or arrangement. Box 445. Call office.
5-ROOM cottage; center of San Francisco: In-
stallments; mortgage $1100: equity worth $1500
for a clear building lot. Box 1894. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. •
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071% Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO L_T.
A— NW. COR.. Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch: appreciated if seen;
and fiat NW. cor. Howard and Erie sts. Ap-
ply 1722 Howard St., drugstore.
10 TO 30 days free- A. M. SPECK & CO.
4 r.; new; 1421 Creel. $2017 r. ; 7»3 llalght...$25 00
6 r.: nice: 215 Elm av is|7 r.: 1610 Calif S5 00
5 r.; 913 Buchanan... 1417 r,; 70S Hayes.... 37 50
100 other flats, cottages, houses. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. /
BEST centrally located flats for small famlliea;
nice neighborhood; mu»t be seen. Hanover
place, oft Sacramento st.. above Powell.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, with or without
stable. 1619 O'Farrell st. .
HOWARD. 11S3— Flat 4 nice sunny rooms; large
cellar; cheaD rent. - •
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION, 1613, near Eleventh— 6 large sunny
rooms; bath: yard and laundry; rent $18.
MODERN upper flat of 7 rooms and basement.
1135 Geary st.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
NEW corner flat; 7 rooms and bath; French
range. SW. corner Mason and Green. \
PEARL 27. off Market, near Valencia— $3; rear
upper flat of 3 sunny rooms. .- ; .- ¦ .
SUNNY, modern flat— 6 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 1314 Green st.. near Polk.
SUNNY flat: 6 rooms and bath: all modem im-
¦ provements: large yard. 2812B Howard st.
TURK. 307— House *»f 7 rooms: can be used by 2
families; rent reasonable. S20',j Jessie st.
$6— NEW sunny flat; 3 rooms; yard; range:
water free: 23 Holly St.: 50 feet from Mission
electric care; opp. 33d st.; no children.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms: yard; base-
ment: rent moderate. 1931, 1933, 1937 O'Farrell.
$7— SUNNY upper rear flat; no children. 70B
Laskle st.. oft Mission, near Ninth. *
7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows; all
modern Improvements.- 417l§ Third st.'
$9— SUNNY flat 3 rooms; 1320 Jessie st.. off
Hermann, near Valencia. Apply UMBSEN.
$12— COTTAGK of 5 rooms, rear; ; also 4-room
flat. bath. $1S. , 2524 California st. ;
$25— Flat of 6 large rooms. 627. Thirteenth st.,
near Market. "
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. -Th# Weekly Call.
-16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 par year.
______——»________— _—¦—_____»
7 FLATS TO LET— -FURNISHED.
i A ; MOST desirable sunny '5-room flat, -partly
¦ furnished; garden, basement, 1 etc. :'; all - mod-
' em conveniences. . 741 Castro St., near Twen*
tleth; references required. ¦¦¦- ¦
FLATS WANTED.
GOOD tenant ; wants upper flat of 5 r. :< modern
Imps.: rent reasonable. Address box 443. Call.
FURNITURE FOR. SALE.: -
THREE rooms and kitchen, completely furn.; t
rms. pay; rent now; bargain. 5191&: Stevenson.'
I 4 ROOMS furnished . In oak for $48 60. with No.
i'.^7 range. King Furniture [Co., 1_7-U31 Market.*,
HELP WANTED- MAI.—.
A— 3"RE|p FARE. ...... ... . . . .S. pTrT rTpASS
25 laborers, R. R. work
25 teamsters, R. R. work; we ship Monday....
FOR GOLD AND SILVER MINES......
25 miners, single hand and machine. $73 and
$30: furnace men $32 and $60
32 laborers,- no experience required $60 and fd
£0 muckers $7; and $*>
175 laborers, city and country. $175 and - i2
day; 250 teamsters, city and all parts of Cal..
$1 75 and $2 day and $30 and $35 and found: 10
• laborers, Alameda Co., 25c fare. .$35 and found
20 2 and 4 horse teamsters, free fare, see boss
here ;
FARMS. -DAIRIES. ORCHARDS. STABLES
Buggy washer. $55: 8 stablemen, city and
country. «$50. $40. $35 and $25 and found; 130
farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $25 to $35
and found; milkers, city and country, $30 and
$35: butter makers, choremen, etc.; gardener;
. 25 .haymakers. . $1 23 day
,15 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb and
' wtirk among- vines, hoe, etc., $17 50 and found.
30c fare
farmer and wife. Sonoma Co.. ..$40 and found
sheep herders, chore boys 1
FRUIT PICKERS ....:
10 men or strong boys, to pick cherries and
work In fruit. .".r... 9t . $30 and found 1
WE PAY YOUR FARE TO SAWMILLS j
AND WOODS
25 common laborers/ no experience required.
$26 to $40 and found: also lumber pliers, bark
peelers, $40 and. found; crosscut sawyers, jack-
screwers. band sawyers, screw turners, gang
edgermen, in fact we want help of every de-
scription for sawmills, woods, etc., $80. $73.
$90, $120. $60. $30. $40, $30 and found: 5S4 wood-
Choppers, tlVnakers. tools and food found,
some at mines. $3. $2 50. $2, $1 50. $1 and 75c
cord x
wheelwrights and woodworkers, $2 50 day and
$45 and found
blacksmiths, also helpers, $30 to $60 and found
5 drillers and hammersmen $2 day
machine blacksmith, $3 50 day: carriage trim-
mer; 3 boys to work In machine shop....U day
MISCELLANEOUS .".
Grocery clerk, country store, $40, see boss
here; upholsterer and salesman, country store.
$15 week; young man for butcher shop, $25 and
found: 2 young men, drive, bakery wagons. $20
and found
FOR OTHER POSITIONS TOO NUMEROUS
TO ADVERTISE, come down and read bill
boards. >
Phone Main MURRAY - READY,
6848. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL, LAUNDRY and other help
18 cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants,
etc., $60, $40 and $33 and found
ranch cooks, $15 to $23 and found .'
S waiters for the mines. $30 and found: roust-
about, $25; second and third bakers, alsotielp-
ers; porter, city and country: 10 waiters. $ii
and $30 and found: ironers. country laundries,
$25 to $35 and found.
MURRAY _ READY,
634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
20 railroad laborers for company work. $2 a
day. free fare
20 muckers for mine. $2 BO a day; 10 muckers,
country, $2 a day and fare advanced; 4 fur-
nace men. $2 a day; 10 laborers. $2 a day for
quicksilver mine; 50 laborers, city and coun-
try, $1 75 a day: 5 hammer men, $2 a day;
20 farmers. $20. $23 and $30; 50 woodsmen,
lumber pliers and laborers for sawmills and
woods. $26 to $35 and board; choremen, mllk-
ers and others
Blacksmith, country, $60 and board; 2 boiler-
makers'. $3 60 a day: ranch blacksmith. $*);
ranch wheelwright. $35: machinists, $3 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— SECOND cook. $60; vegetable cook. $40,
country hotel: third cook for an Institution,
country.' $40: fry cook, $60: baker and pastry
cook, ?60; cook and two helpers, country
hotel, $30; cook end wife, mining camp. $30;
cook and dishwasher, country hotel, $40 and
$1.>; dishwasher, springs. $30: dishwashers and
kitchen hands, city and country, $20. $25 and
$3u; 10 waiters, city and country. $40. $30 and
$23; German waiter, country hotel, $.3. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— BARKEEPER. $40 and found; hotel clerk
and tend bar. country hotel. $30; porter,
hotel, $25. C. R; HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A
Wanted— 500 men for railroad work, rockmen,
laborers and teamsters, $2 a day; free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EDUCATED Christian gentleman for work
along: educational lines: best ref. required;
ca!4 3 to 5 only. L. S. HIGLEY. Y. M. C. A.
WANTED— Sober, married man in business
house doing cleaning and all-around work;
German preferred. Box 494. Call office.
WANTED — Coatmaker or good bushelman; man
who understands his trade: steady Job; young
man preterrt-d. J. F. ENGLISH, San Mateo.
WANTED— Steady man with $75: can make $15
per week above expenses: light work: perma-
nent place. 1016 Market St., room 10.
WANTED— Coatmaker to go to country. Call
DETMER WOOLEN CO.. 11 Sansome st.
TO tailors— Wanted, a bushelman. Apply 28
Montgomery st.. rooms 1 and 2.
WANTED— A good driver for butcher cart; $25
a month and found. Apply 3318 Mission st.
WANTED— Cook for small restaurant. 1915 Cen-
tral ave.. between Sacramento and California,
BOOTBLACK wanted at 736 Market st.
SECOND cook wanted. Park Hotel. 26 Turk
street.
STEADY waiter wanted. Apply at 432 Fifth
street.
DISHWASHER— Only competent man need ap-
ply. 44S Third st.
BARBERS for city and country; good wages;
apply Immediately. H. BERNARD. 104 "th.
GOOD man to cook short orders and help ia
kitchen. 1416 Howard st.
TAILOR wanted. Apply at 626 Commercial
street.
DISHWASHER. $5 per week: also extra waiter.
206 McAllister st.
WANTED— A cood cake baker. 111-113 Larkin
street.
GOOD, steady barber wanted. Apply 623 Clay
street. ••¦.-+*;>£
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at 363 Hayes
street.
ERRAND boy wanted at Hayes Valley Printing
and Stationery Co.. 310 Hayes st.
WANTED — A good steward; must have ref-
ences. Box 452. Call office.
WAITER: 1«6 Turk St.; a man that under-
stands cooking and waiting at table.
YOUNG man; drive milk wagon; one route-
$10 and found. 8 to 10. 1913 Hyde st.
BARBER: young man. 763 Mlsison st.
WANTED— A Bellboy at 29 Stockton st.
BARBER wanted: young man with 1 year's
practice. 1006 Mission st.. above Sixth.
BARBERS— Wanted second-hand modern flx-
tures. 1006 Mission st.. above Sixth.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop, first-class cigar and
laundry business: must sell this week: on ac-
- count of sickness. Apply J. A. FOSTER, cor-
ner Sixth and Market sts.
WANTED— Man of good character; deliver and
collect for old established manufacturing
house; $900. a year and expenses guaranteed
Address MANUFACTURER; i third floor. 334
Dearborn St., Chicago.
WANTED— An experienced and sober all-round
cook; must be good baker also; wages $50 per
month and found to begin with. Address Re-
ception. Wadsworth. Nev.
BARBERS— About' $3W) required for unusually
fine opportunity to open a hotel and barber
Hhop in new town In San Joaquln Valler-
building can be had for $20 month; don't miss
this chance. P. STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor: good~~wages for
steady man. 324 Georgia St.. Vallejo. Cal.
TO tailors— Reliable lessons given by experi-
enced cutter; satisfactory references given-
terms reasonable. Box 4589. Call. * lvcn^
COATMAKER . or vestraaker can have nice
shop, room all by themselves, with hot Irons-
cheap. , 1Q4 Kearny at., top floor. •""".
WANTED— A. good all-round tailor on piece
work; steady, job. SWORDS & ROBINSOn"
oebastopo], Cal.'
MAN to ..open oysters and make himself gener-
:!_.-. _7?i_ss a g,. tlw kltchen - a-*-
"™-^_^_n;iTrwja_r_ 1 f&^G
class: -special Inducements this season; only
institution- in the world teaching this trade:
map or city and illustrated catalogue irsatled
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE t_
Clay st.' •-¦¦¦¦¦¦
W .£ > l T £P~^H l , b . orer " " nd mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.» 150 larz«
rooms :,2ac per night; $1 to $2 per week.
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO A HAR-
RIS CO.; 541 Market at.
WANT ED-GooU ironer and polisher. Cosmo-
polltan Hotel, room 79.
BARBER, 1 first-class workman, wants position
in country or Oakland. Box 457». Call office.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; owner leaving
city.- 44 O'Farrell st.
BARBER shop In Krultvale for sale cheap. Ad-
dress O. L.,-Dlmond Postofflce.
BARBERS'.— Byrns Hotel barber shop, with
baths, for. sale. Woodland.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. £62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to Jearn barbertng and halrdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.-
GENTLEMEN'S sulta to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. , N. Y. Tailoring Co.. US K'arny.
SAILORS, ordinary teamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2» Steuart.
BOY 14 to 1«: make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market at., room, So. . .
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: It
—————— years' practice; Examiner bide.'Daughters of St. George.
. Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters
of St. George will' give an orange enter
tainment and dance in its hall on' the
night' of the 15th inst. The committee in
charge : has taken pains to have this a
moBt unique and interesting affair.
Grand Councilor Savage is still on of
ficial visits in the northern part of the
State. On the 1st he addressed a large
meeting at a picnic held aRAnsels.
Supreme Trustee W. F. Gibson has gone
to Indianapolis to take charge of the or
ganization work of the supreme Jurisdlc-
Grand Recorder WalHs has been ap
pointed a member of: the advisory board
of the Pacific Coast Jurisdiction. •
Order Chosen Friends,
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May «— 5 p. m.
Th* following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date aa compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In the last twenty- four
hours: -I _ •
Last This Last
Stations — ' 24 Hours. Season. ' Season.
Eureka 0.00 4*. 23 33.35
Red Bluff 0.00 22.33 20.CS
Sacramento Trace 19.M u.Ol
San Francisco O.flO^ IS. 20 , jg.co
Fresno 000- - 9.50 ;.ij,
Independence 0.02 3.8.> i. 2 o
San Luis Obispo O.(W> 16.S2 i s . 4l
Los Angeles 0.00 7.4S 5.01
San Diego O.lt 5.« 4.9*
Yuma .-•••• 0.00 1.25 j.u
San Franclscr> data: Maximum temperature
60:;mlnImum. 43; mean. 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
... FORECAST. .
.Generally cloudy weather prevails orer tha
' POINT LOBOS. May f— 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, southwest, velocity, 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORT3.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May *-Stmr Alca
zar, hence May 5.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 5— Stmr Sasco. for
Cape Nome: stmr City of Tope-ka. for Skaguay.
Arrived May * — Stmr Hamboldt. from Dyea;
stmr Cottage City, from Dyea.
COOS BAT— Arrived May 4— Schr Maxim,
hence Aarll II. Arrived May •—Schr Gotama.
from Port Harford.
EUREKA— Arrived May. '«— Schr Halcyon,
from San Diego: schr Mary Buhne. from Ka
bului; stmr North Fork, hence May S.
FOREIGN PORT3.
MANILA— Sailed May S— V 3 stmr Me*d<*. for
San Francisco. i
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday May i.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. Bristol Bay.
Stmr Soutb Coast, Olsen. .
Stmr Walla Walla. Hail. Victoria.
Stmr Noyo. Fonen. Fort Bragg.
Nor stmr Thrya. Edvardsen. Astoria.
8tmr W. H. Kruger. Kros. Tillamook, with
schr Enterprise In tow. '
Tug Monarch. Tonneson, Astoria, with barga
Washousal In tow.
Schr Enterprise. Frietsch. .
Schr Abbie. Olsen. Caspar.
Schr Bonlt, Genereaux. Cape Nome.
Schr W. F. Jewett, Johnson. St. Michael and
Unalaska.
SAILED.
Sunday May f.
Nor stmr Thyra. Edvardson. Hongkong. Tta-
Portland and Astoria.
CLEARED.
Sunday May 4.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. 13 hours from Albion. I
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 2S hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. M hours from Eureka.
Etmr Whitesboro. Olsen. 14 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr National City. "Dettmers, It hours from
Fort Bragg.
• Stmr Westport. Ericssen, 37 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr.Ueorg« Loom Is, Bridgett, 31 hours from
Ventura-
Br ship Buphrosyne, Thomson, US days from
Calcutta.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 8 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Oisen, 73 hours from
Banden, vu Trinidad 73 hours.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
$10. '
TtV. C. Lyon to Sljrmund' Strauss, lot on E line
of Seventh, a venue. 110 N of D street, N 100. E
120. S 95. NW 120: $10.
Jacob and LIna Heyman to Fannie L. Soule.
lot on W line of Forty-sixth avenue. 275 N of
J street, N 25 bv W 120: M0.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A. May Whartenby Robinson (nee A. May
T.'hartenby) (wife of C. V. Robinson) to Hart- j
lanri Law. lot on Sline of Turk street. 137:6
W of Larkln, W 137:6 by S 137:6; *3S.00iX '
Mary Oppenhelmer to Adolph Blsslnger. lot
on NW corner of Sutter and Larkln streets,
W 91:8 by N 114; $10.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to Bessie Galloway
(wife ot J. D.). lot on N line of Filbert street.
247:6 E of Devlsadero. E 27:6 by N 193; 110.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Gustave Gabert.
lot on N line of Hayes street. 134 :IM E of
Baker. E 25 by N 100; $10.
James Keegan to Robert McElroy. lot on N
line of Sixteenth street. 92 W of Mission. W
25:5. N 60, E 0:5, N 50. E 25, S 110; 110.
City and County of San Francisco to Mlna
Christian, lot on E line of Harrison street, 182
N of Twenty-first. N 26 by E 100; .
James H. O'Connor. Ellen Farrell. Mary A.
and Charles H. Knownburg. Katherine F. and
Manton T. Hlmes. Julia L. and John E. Behan.
Louisa C and Charles J. Ward to Mlna Chris
tian (wife of John), same; iSOO.
Joseph and Annie E. McDonald to Harmon
and Emily Veeder. lot on N line of Seventeenth
street. 666 W of Castro, W 43:4 by N ISO; $10.
Tomaso Gulnasso to Michael di Joy, Frank
Artet and - Joseph Dierenzo, lot on X line of
Green' street, 40 W of Kearny, W 20 by N 5J:«;
$10.
A. M. Speck to Mary Wolff, lot on N line of
Vallejo Street. 1ST W of Mason. W 22 by N
137:6; also lot on N line of Vallejo street, 185:7?i
W of Mason.' W 23:4<i by N 137:6: $10.
Mary Wolff to Giovanni R. Celle, lot on N
line of Vallejo street, lS5;7*i W of Mason, W
23:4Vi by N 137:6; J10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Maud
A. Girvin. lot on SW corner of Twenty-third
avenue and Lake street. W 240 by S 100: $4000.
Cora XV. and James H. Morton to Christian
R. Salomonson, lot on W line, of Thirty-fourth
avenue 200 N of Point Lobos. N 50 by W 13):
C R Breck. Berkeley |R E Buckner. S Rosa
F Gay. Oakdale |M F Shook. Denver
J.Mulroy. Modesto jR L Bryson. St Louis
R Shnrf, S Jose j.J Lorenti & w. Iowa
J Ledere,- Fresno' ' A R Rnwlson & w, Val
C E Valencia. S Pablo F Wohlfrom. Colusa
F Morrell. Chicago Miss Wohlfrom. Colusa
J .Wagner, N V S Sullivan, Marysvllle
F.Roberts. StKn J C Scott. Antloch
R Madsden.-.Marshfleld'.
NEW: WESTERN HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Williams. Chicago Jean Sullivan. Butte
J Glllespie. Paisley ¦ Miss Bartlett. Butte
Miss Gillespie, Paisley Mrs A Drake. N Y
J Pescano. N Y Helen Drake, N Y
II H Ford &w, Redlans Mrs M E Hobart, N T
W B Verlt, Australia Miss A B Englls. N Y
A Patlson, w &d. Can Mrs M Downer, Mass
J Davenport. Calcutta I<ouise Downer. Mass
C Olivy. w A ds, NSW Mrs L Hunt. Mass
E Rrofiofleld, Sydney Miss A Hunt. Mass
T Spencer & w, Aus Miss A M Hunt. Mass
D LIspwald. Madras Miss M D Hunt. Mays
A N Llbby, Sydney I Mrs O Copeland, Mass
K D Moons. L Ani; I Mrs fc IXjrrance. Mass
W MacMillan, XZ Mrs B Hall, Ky
H Lyon. S Jose Mary Hall. Ky
H B Clarke. USA Mrs L V Mlllford. N J
Miss M Bradbury. N Y R H Mlllford, N J
J Bessinger, Portland S R Millford S J
J A Wallace, N Y Mrs K P Dunn. S Bar
I R Elliott. St Louis R Patterson, Toronoto
K Kraft. Chicago J B Kerr, St Paul
II C Smith, Mexico Mrs L Myers, Aucklnd
J Matthews & w. N Y A M Myers, Auckland
Mrs T Hall. NT AM Rhoads & w. N 7J
Clara Odell, NY J Dean3. N Zealand
B B Odell. N Y Miss Deans, N Zealand
Mrs Odell. N Y M Blshoff & w, London
Mrs. Kelly, NY . H House & w, N Z
J Polk, Des Molnes J Toder & w. England
R H Huron &, L Ang J Raymond, England
K ("flickering & w. Pa T Keating. Pleasanton
! J Chlckcring. Oil City W Chatfleld. N X
J Gillett & w. Eureka F D Wordoffer. N Tt
J.Harbst & w. Arcata F G Jones, N 7m
Mrs F Balr. Arcata W Wood. N 7,
Miss Largey. Butte f E J Watt, N 7m
Montana I^argey, Butte O D Frary, Chicago
i Florence Twohy. Butte I
GRAND HOTEL.
G A.Belayeff, Saclo R Pturry. Rock Port
T Shanahan. Anderson W Nichols Aw. D Flat
•D Thorn. Cal C Bayard, Healdsburg
C Carr, Cal W H Bonsai 1, Cal
J Kullman. Benlcla T McCollum. Salinas .
J Masterson & w, Ala Mrs F Halgh. S Rosa
H J Nelson, Concord A Moorheatl A f. {5 C
H Wetzcl Oakland J B Hygera. Sacto"
T T Titus & w. Oak W D Marllgan. Stkn
T Belknap, Oakland W Allen, w & d. Chlco
C ir Hudson. Berkeley F Dulmaine, G- Valley
C E Hume. Berkeley O Mulnhart. G Valley
C Irving Wright, Ala C It Ordway. Reno
J Thompson, Berkeley P Kelley & w. Boston
P Glass, Berkeley . T M West, Stkn
R McCormlck, Ala C D Swain, Boston
J H Brown. Cal W Maguire, D Flat
S L Jennings. Cal D Flint. Sacto
G Branett, Pinole J L Tyffe & w. Chlo
W-H Cooper.' Berkeley T B Seeley, Juneau
V E Morse. Berkeley J A O'Connor. Va
HA Stearns, NY W Gullbert. Columbus
F M Krauss. St Louis J M Streets, 'Ohio
C Forester & w, L Ang R S Kftylor, Columbus
J W Bailey, Helena H M Blakeslee. Ohio
H H Burns,: Eureka . L R Thomas, ¦ Cal
W Johnstons. Eureka . J 1* Boyson. Plymouth
H L Oak. Eureka J M Strienlng. S Rosa
H L Oak, Cal J Rummelsburg & w,
J S Beach & w. L Ang Winters
Vivian Beach. L Ang E T Frazer, Sacto
II Tucker, Little Rock [J Dougherty & w, Cal
J' Dennis, Sutter CreekjG Simpson, S Jose
A C Stock & w, RenoiO.P Fiske, Woodland
Miss M Shuman. RenolE-McKellip &.s. B P
C H Schrlvley Orovllle'Mrs Slocchlnl. Willows
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tlde«
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in ths order of occurrence aa to time. Th*
second Uma column glTea the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld>*
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign < — > precedes the height.
and then the number gtven Is subtracted frotn
the depth given by the charts. The plane. o£
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
MONDAT. May 7.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—*
Time* and Heights of High, and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Suoerlntendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at fibth places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Pacific slope. Light rain has fallen orer 'West
ern Washington, Northwestern Orejon and
Northern Utah. .
The prwsure has risen slowly In all districts:
it Is highest along the Central California coast
and lowest in Northern Montana.
The temperature has risen decidedly over
Northern Arizona and Southern Utah and re
gained nearly stationary In other districts.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weather in California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 7. 1900:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Monday:
warmer near Sacramento; light northwest
wjnd.
Southern California— Fair Monday; lljJit
northwest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday.
ITtah— Partly cloudy Monday.
Arizona — Fair Monday: warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity: Partly eotuSy
Monday; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
rendered by Judge Hanford of the United
States Court in the Washington district
will attract interest for its obvious rela
tion to the subject of classification of the
public lands. The case was that of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company
against J. A. Soderberg.
The suit was to determine whether
granite is a mineral within the definition
of the word as It is used in the act of
Congress granting lands to the railroad.
Judge Hanford said that CongTess In the
use of the word "mineral" Intended it to
have a Jimited definition and to include
only metalliferous minerals. In the com
mon and ordinary signification the word
Is not a synonym for "metal," but is a
comprehensive term including every de
scription of stone and rock deposit
whether containing , mineral or entirely
non-metallic. Congress having chosen a
word of such broad significance to define
a class of lands reserved for railway
grants, the courts and the Uw Depart
ment have no authority. In construing the
act. to give a narrow or limited definition
to it In order to enhance the value of the
railway grant and to thus diminish the
rights of the public In the lands reserved.
According to statistics the output of the
Rand mines of South Africa has amount
ed to $500,000,000. while it is estimated that
this stupendous reef still contains $3,500.
000,000 between its walls. Ever since 1890
the output of the mines has increased at
the rate of $6,000,000 annually.
The Interest in th« district north of Je
rome. In Arizona, has already subsided.
It has been known for years that there
is gold in that country. It is also true
that specimens taken from the new field
have assayed some thousands of dollars
to the ton, but there is not as much of
the high-grade ore as the boomers antici
pated. A large number of location no
tices was tiled. Another new discovery
of gold has been made near Payson, 100
miles from Prescott.
Considerable activity Is noticed In the
Gazelle mining district. Preparations are
making for more extensive operations in
the development of quartz mines which
will employ many men. Two new min
ing: towns are projected. One will be
known as "Manila" and the other will be
called "Carmen."
A new hydraulic mine Is in operation In
Calaveras County, near the old Table
Mountain schoolhouse, between El Do
rado and Sheep Ranch. The owners are
Messrs. Folsom. Hayden and Walker of
Stockton. They are using 150 Inches of
water with a pressure or about 200 feet.
The Morning Star mine in Plumas Coun
ty will resume operations soon with a new
company. The working force of the
Oneida mine in Amador County has been
Increased by forty men and a new stamp
mill is being built.
New York parties will probably reopen
the Pilgrim mine in Sierra County this
year and build a twenty-stamp mill.
Operations have been resumed at the
Mount Shasta Mine in Shasta County. J.
H. Tibbets and Harry L. Shannon have
secured an option on the Furnaceville
copper property in the same county lor
$25,000. r; - t .*;lfcr,
The Inyo Independent says that good
placer ground has been found a short dis
tance north of the Plute monument. Inyo
Mountains, and about twelve miles east
of Independence.
The Erie group of mines on Gaston
Ridge, in Nevada County, has been sold
to O. A. Turner, who is supposed to rep
resent Kastern parties. A twenty-stamp
mill is projected.
An attempt will be made to develop coal
en a tract of. patented land twenty-five
miles northeast of Redding, Shasta Coun
ty. Frederick H. Dakin is the mover in
the enterprise. . . •
The Inyo Independent Bays that the
Gold Hill mine, near Anvil Springs and
about twenty miles from Ballarat, has
been sold Wr $207,000.
The Lost Horse mine. Plnon mining dis
trict. Riverside County, has been bonded
for $200,000 to N. S. G. Todd of Los An
geles.
The Cincinnati Belle and Gold King
mines in San Diego County have been
sold to D. C. Collier Jr. They are in the
Banner district.
Hiring Development in Various Farts
of the State Is Satisfactory and
Rich Returns Are Confl
' dently Expected.
The outlook for the miners, as a result
of the work performed by their repre
sentatives who visited the national capi
tal in their Interest, Is generally consid
ered satisfactory. Attorney General
Ford, who h^s Just returned from Wash
ington, talked with the Congressional
Committee on Mines and Altnins and a
discussion took place concernlnc the plan
of the California Debris Commission for
the construction of restraining dams. Th©
committeemen expressed themselves fav
orable- to early action. Tlii resolution
that will be brought forward for consid
eration was Introduced by Congressman
de Vries and rjfovides for immediately
going on with the dams, thu total cost of
which is estimated at JSOO.OOO. Air. Burton
of Ohio, chairman of the llivers and Har
bors Committee of Congress, also eaid
that he approved of the resolution. In ad
dition to this the Hermann bill, offered as
a substitute for the old mineral lands bill,
13 about to be acted upon.
With this in view a decision recently
Opinion Will Be of Value
in Classification of *
Public Lands.
TERM "MINERAL"
IS DEFINED BY
FEDERAL COURT
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALI* MO3TOAY, MAT 7, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
9
Sun rtsn S:04
Hun sets < . ..7.iX>
Moor sets 1:11 a. m.
O Time I Time Time Time
» Ft. I— — Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W ,H VT I. W H W
7 ... »:S5 J.» «:0«t 3.9 1»:M I.* 7:14 t.i>
S ... 1:34 2.4 7:13 S.9 13:55 1.7 7:S0 5.1
9 ... 131 l.f 1:17 2.9 1:35 1.9 1:24 5.3
10 ... 2-M 1.4 9:15 4.0 2:13 2.2 S:S5 S.4
11 ... 3:23 0.9 10:05 4.0 2:51 2.S 9:34 5.4
II ... 3:W 0.« 10:SS 4.2t 8:2X 2.7 9:51 5.*
13 ...| 4:35 0.0 11:33 4.4| 4:0« 2.S| 10:131 5.4
Steamer. -."-¦ From.. I Due.
UmatHla. Victoria. <fc Pu$et Sound* May 7
SantA Rosa San Diego jMay 7
Tillamook iTlllamook Bay IMay 7
J*obt. AdamsonlNanalmo (May 7
Washtenaw .....Tacoma .' ]Uay 7
Newport ;.|Panama May »
Ignac MarlscaliManzanlllo May 3
Ooquille River. fOray* Harbor May *
Wartield ....... [Oyster Harbor May S
Coos Bay Newport May •»
Arcata Coos Bay May »
WeNington Oyster Harbor May 3
l.'nlversa ....... Oyster Harbor May 9
Empire Coos Bay May »
Stan- of Cat jPortland May 1>
Del Norte Oregon Ports May I*
Newburc Orays Harbor May J>
Crescent City... Crescent City «... May 1<>
North Fork IHumboIdt May li>
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 1>>
Universe Oyster Harbor May l'>
Corona San Diejro May 11
Pomona. IHumboMt May 11
Tellu» Oyster Harbor May 11
America. Maru.lChlna and Japan IMay )3
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May n
Orizaba [Vancouver May 12
Samoa iHumboldt May 12
Bonlta iNewport IMay 1.1
Fteamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination. I
Salts.
Pier.
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. May "7. 2 ptn Pier 3
Bo'nita Newport May 7. 9 am Pier U
Columbia .. Portland May 8. 11am Pier 14
Aeapulco .. Panama May S. 13 m PMSS
Samoa IHumboldt May ». 10 anUPIer 13
Pomona ....Humboldt May *, 2 pro! Pier 9
S Portland Cape Nome.... May S. 2 pm Pier 24
Curacao Mexico May ». 1<* arnlPief It
Tlllamook . Ttllamook May 8. 6 pmjPler 3
Hanta Kosa San Dlejro May ». ll ampler ll
\loba ICape Nome.... IMay 10. S pmiPter 2
Empire .... Cooa Bay IMay W 12 n>|Plerl3
Coptic Chtna&Japan'May 11. 1 pmiPMSS
Coo» Bay... Newport IMay 11. 9 amIPier H
UmatUU ... Vic & Put Sd.lMay it. 11 am!P1er 11
Ar-ata room Bay (May It. 12 ralPler 13
TTmattlla ...IVic* Pgt Sd.lMay 11. 11 am! Pier 9
Tofjuille Rv Grays Harbor May 11. 2 pm
D»l None.. Oregon Ports. May 12.
Octavla .... Europe May J2
Crescent CyiCrescwnt City. May 12. \.
State of CallPortlanri (May 13. tt amlPtcr Si
North Fork Humboldt IMay 13. SanPW 2
Corona ....*. San Die«o May 13. llamlPier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt May 13. 2pnvPi*r 9
Rainier .... Cap* Nome.... May 15. 2 pm'Plrr 3t
Steamer.
Destination. I
Salts.
Pier.
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. May "7. 2 ptn Pier 3
Bo'nita Newport May 7. 9 am Pier U
Columbia .. Portland May 8. 11am Pier 14
Aeapulco .. Panama May S. 13 m PMSS
Samoa IHumboldt May ». 10 anUPIer 13
Pomona ....Humboldt May *, 2 pro! Pier 9
S Portland Cape Nome.... May S. 2 pm Pier 24
Curacao Mexico May ». 1<* arnlPief It
Tlllamook . Ttllamook May 8. 6 pmjPler 3
Hanta Kosa San Dlejro May ». ll ampler ll
\loba ICape Nome.... IMay 10. S pmiPter 2
Empire .... Cooa Bay IMay W 12 n>|Plerl3
Coptic Chtna&Japan'May 11. 1 pmiPMSS
Coo» Bay... Newport IMay 11. 9 amIPier H
UmatUU ... Vic & Put Sd.lMay it. 11 am!P1er 11
Ar-ata room Bay (May It. 12 ralPler 13
TTmattlla ...IVic* Pgt Sd.lMay 11. 11 am! Pier 9
Tofjuille Rv Grays Harbor May 11. 2 pm
D»l None.. Oregon Ports. May 12.
Octavla .... Europe May J2
Crescent CyiCrescwnt City. May 12. \.
State of CallPortlanri (May 13. tt amlPtcr Si
North Fork Humboldt IMay 13. SanPW 2
Corona ....*. San Die«o May 13. llamlPier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt May 13. 2pnvPi*r 9
Rainier .... Cap* Nome.... May 15. 2 pm'Plrr 3t
Steamer. -."-¦ From.. I Due.
UmatHla. Victoria. <fc Pu$et Sound* May 7
SantA Rosa San Diego jMay 7
Tillamook iTlllamook Bay IMay 7
J*obt. AdamsonlNanalmo (May 7
Washtenaw .....Tacoma .' ]Uay 7
Newport ;.|Panama May »
Ignac MarlscaliManzanlllo May 3
Ooquille River. fOray* Harbor May *
Wartield ....... [Oyster Harbor May S
Coos Bay Newport May •»
Arcata Coos Bay May »
WeNington Oyster Harbor May 3
l.'nlversa ....... Oyster Harbor May 9
Empire Coos Bay May »
Stan- of Cat jPortland May 1>
Del Norte Oregon Ports May I*
Newburc Orays Harbor May J>
Crescent City... Crescent City «... May 1<>
North Fork IHumboIdt May li>
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 1>>
Universe Oyster Harbor May l'>
Corona San Diejro May 11
Pomona. IHumboMt May 11
Tellu» Oyster Harbor May 11
America. Maru.lChlna and Japan IMay )3
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May n
Orizaba [Vancouver May 12
Samoa iHumboldt May 12
Bonlta iNewport IMay 1.1
Fteamer.
From.
Sun rtsn S:04
Hun sets < . ..7.iX>
Moor sets 1:11 a. m.
O Time I Time Time Time
» Ft. I— — Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W ,H VT I. W H W
7 ... »:S5 J.» «:0«t 3.9 1»:M I.* 7:14 t.i>
S ... 1:34 2.4 7:13 S.9 13:55 1.7 7:S0 5.1
9 ... 131 l.f 1:17 2.9 1:35 1.9 1:24 5.3
10 ... 2-M 1.4 9:15 4.0 2:13 2.2 S:S5 S.4
11 ... 3:23 0.9 10:05 4.0 2:51 2.S 9:34 5.4
II ... 3:W 0.« 10:SS 4.2t 8:2X 2.7 9:51 5.*
13 ...| 4:35 0.0 11:33 4.4| 4:0« 2.S| 10:131 5.4
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
SIXTH. 420 — Nicely furnished bay-window
housekeeping' suites running water, bath, $7
to $12 per mo. : single rooms, $4 to $5 per mo.
THREE desirable furnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping purposes; Devlsadero,. nr. Ellis;
, 115. VON RHEIN R. E. CO.. 613 California.
TWO large sunny front rooms, kitchen and bed-
room.- furnished complete for housekeeping:
.furniture all new;.J2 50 per week. Apply at
shoe store, tS2 Mission St., between First and
Second sts.
VAN NESS ave., 200— Nice sunny suite of par-
lors suitable for housekeeping.
WANTED— 3 housekeeping rooms, centrally lo-
cated and first class in every particular. Ad-
dress box 1S87. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received, at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; 'open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. nnd Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Itooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." J24 Hush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; $4 rooms; all prices.
AT 827 Howard — Changed . hands: respectable:
newly renovated: sincle, double and house-
keeping; rooms: t\ ud.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave. — Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
CITY HALL place. 1— Xice. sunny furnished
room in private family; rent reasonable. .
CLEMENTINA. EO— Nicely furnished rooms.
EDDY. 3. corner Market— $1 50 week up; sunny
furnished rooms; Market-st.. view.
EDDY. ICti— Sunny suites; also single rooms;
newly renovated: new furniture; prices reas.
ELIZABETH, 12. near Guerrero-Flat; 6 fur-
nished room?; $15.
FOLSOM. 9SS, cor. 6th— <The Oliver)— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, Eingle or suites; reasonbl.
G E A RV. 14A— Nlcply furnished rooms; sunny;
suite ir tingle; {15 up; central.
GEARY. 4ft5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Missiin sts.— Sunny room!", en sjutte or
Fingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GROVE. 6»2— Three sunr.y unfurnished .rooms;
rent ?9.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, S29— Rooms from $1 week up t> S3:
I5c to 11 night; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1072—4 sunny rooms and bath; J12.
JONES 402 — Nloely furnished sunny rooms;
Centlemen preferred.
JONF.S. 609— Parlor suite or single rooms; new
and nicely furnished: sunny all day; bath;
suitable for Kentleman: "rivate home.
MARKET. 7fij— Nicely furnished rooms by the
day, week or month.
MARTHA place. 6, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— Sunny front hallroom for single man.
j MINNA. 514— Nicely furnished single and double
I rooms; reasonable.
I MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
I window rcom. Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. 561, near Seventh— Large frbnt room,
suitable for two youns men.
MISSION. 1220 — Large sunny alcove room;
' water, grate, gas: also single.
I MONTGOMERY. IS— Nice, sunny front rooms
I for offices: newly furnished and unfurnished.
j for housekeeping; very cheap; quiet house.
OAK. 119 — Large sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; closet; $S; basement room $1.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, and
j offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk!. mo.
POST. 23*— Finest transient rooms In city;
i phone Main 1760: elevator; hot and cold water
I POST. 613 — Sunny rooms; cleanliness.
I POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
I suites or singles: running water; gas; reas.
1 ROSEDALE House. 319 & 311 Ellis st.— Rooms,
j night. 25c to $1; week. SI 25 to }4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis «.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking. room and ladtes'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to SI 50; week, tt
to $8;. month. JS to J20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 22V4— Suite of nicely furnished
rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2$ Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, suites; trans'L
THE OAKS. 119 Third- A good rooming house'
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
! THIRD. M4»4. $6: 2 large, unfurnished rooms;
rear of barber shop; side entrance.
WILLOW ave., 650— Newly furnished rooms;
good home; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllraore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions lias been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
NEW family hotel; first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. S07 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up. •
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 61S Taylor— Renovated;
suites and single rms.: sunny; excellent table.
LAS PALM AS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
VAN NESS ave.. 044 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; furnished and unfurnished; J20.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 416 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 313 Third.
SBWI5G -MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine aup-
• piles. Standard Agency. Mr. f.th: phono Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, cold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20s Fourth st.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
P1ERCE-RODOLPII Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.:
tel. South f.35 : packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
panv. gag** FlUmnre «t.: nhnne Jackson 281.
TO LKASH.
FOR rent— Fine dairy: 100 to 125 cows; In Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further particu-
lars aDPly to FRANK HICKMAN, 412 J St..
Bacramento. ' ' ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JfPO— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage: sunnv side of street: 3 blocks from
rtatlon and tcbool: terms J100 cash. )10 per
month. .- -.-. '.-¦¦ .
JI90O— New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc.. com-
plete; near station and t:hool; $100 cash. 120
per month.
I1€M cash— To close nn estate; worth J3000;
finest corner in Alameda: see this nt once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and hath: {3006:
will exchange for lot: this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. H32 Park Bt.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J20CO— FOR sale, fin» modern house of 6 rooms;
almost new; Twenty-sixth ave.. East Oak-
land; lot 40xllS; ¦ terms' $300 cas-h. $20 per
month. Call or address J. H. - YOUNG, 1243
Park st.. Alameda. . -.
BARGAIN: $2500; easy terms ;,_ modern 5-roorh
cottage: best part of East Oakland. • 1723
Eleventh ave. ¦ . -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. SehenhaasTthe
j furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB 8 AXE.
FOR BALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE ft SONS.
S MONTQOMERT ST.
1 * *5*" «" tb# north aide ©f Fell ut.. facing
Golden Gate Park, 25x100, for S23BO. fc-£W,
A northwest corner. JS:U4xlO0; both etrwU
bltumlnlred: cannot be beat for tun and cholc*
locality; facing the Park Panhandle and on
the Fell-et. boulevard.
Six 85x101 :l%' feet lots; street bttumlnized;
cars at the corner*: Golden Gate Park Pan-
handle one-half a block away.
Corner on Haye« »t.. right near Park Pan-
handle and Feil-st. boulevard; 2SxlO3:m: K«00.
THOSE Tt-ho have lots in the Richmond District
or north of the park who really want to dis-
pose of the same and who will bt guided by
the undersigned can find Immediate purchas-
ers; every lot that has been placed In my
bands for sale since January 1 of this year.
»here the seller followed my advice, has been
sold: In no instance have I sold a lot on th«
installment plan. I am asked the question
often: How is it that you find the buyers 1
PoMibly you may want to use the ready
money or may be tired carrying the burden
of a mortgage: if go, call on the undersigned.
W. J. GUNS'. 530 California st.
IF you have property north of the Park, ot
Homer's Addition and the Mission, that you
want to dispose of, then call on W. J.
_GUNN, 510 California st.
HAVE you real estate In the Mission or Hor-
p»r's Addition that you with to dispose of
then »-*1! on V.'. 3. Gl'.V.N'. 5S0 California st.
J320O— At a sacrifice; on account of bank fore-
closure: lot 25x100; improvements 2-storj'
house. 7 rooms, bath: south glde Seventeenth.
bet. Howard snd Mission. Apply R. Mc-
COLGAN. Jl Montrcmery *t.. room 3.
et.. bet. Ninth' and 'Tenth; price $H00. In-
quire 404 Kllfs St.. room 6.
WILL build for $1200 roar I-flat house; plans
furnished ; drop postal. GEO. M. SALS-
j BI T RV. Builder. 2047 Polk st.
• SNAP for people moderate means; house of J
flats, 4 rooms and bath each; Jones, ft.; rrnt
$&' month; no agents; £.'600. Inquire 30SA 10th.
FOR sale at a big sacrifice— Income business
propel ty; Howard st., between 4th and oth.
Apply lV»w Drue Co.. Alameda.
*1200— A BARGAIN; lot 20xS0; west' of RltchT
on Clara St.. bet. 3d and 4th. Particulars
call 1123 Market ft.
MARKET ft.— Corn»r property. 35x80 feet; un-
imprnvet'. Address ?S Kiehth St., room 42.
12000— rOTTAOE: 5 rooms; barn; fine view;
near Hyde ami ly-mrmrd sts. Rox 44*. Call.
KtSAl! Lsl'AlK — COb.Vl'KY — Kor Sale
A NICE little home; 11 acres: Alameda County;
pome orchard and vineyard: house and barn;
beautiful and romantic surroundings; a flret-
olass neighborhood; running water In front;
10 minutes' walk to depot; must be sold; $150(1
buff It. H. H. CRANE. 508 California «st.
Its ACRES in Central Alameda County, 2%
miles from R. R. dei>ot and fronting on coun-
ty road: a splendid piece or farming and fruit
land: pays » i" «-ent on price asked; will s?ll
less land if desired. II. H. CRANE, iCii
I California st.
A SPLENDID farm of 117 acres adjoining town
limits of Pleasanton, Alameila County; all In
crop: portion *u--«r beet land: price J45 per
acre, for quick sale and Including portion
Browing crop. H. II. CRANE, 0OS California.
iiy.'. |2S!! PER acre for Immediate sale; 190
acres, or less: Central Alameda County, :.V»
miles from R. R. town; fronts on county
road; portion of a magnificent crop of barley
Included: no such bargain ever offered. H.
H. CRANE. aOS California St.
A SPLENDID stock farm of 600 acres near this
city snd convenient to two towns. S. P. R.
It-, also Valley Road: Contra Costa County;
a rhoke piece of grara land: a portion farm-
ing; great abundance of running water and
man)' springs; fine residence; large barns and
outbuildings; about 20 acres in bearing orch-
ard and vineyard:, a complete stock farm
and ideal home; will carry 100 head of cattle;
price J2U per acre to close an estate; must be
sold; see. it and make offer. H. H. CRANE.
ion California st.
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range In size from 10 to
40 acre* ana now sold to induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
seekers will never regret securing one of these
home: no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (In-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; t
railroad trains dally from San Francisco;
water for Irrigation when desired: superior to
Southern California for raisin? all kinds of
cltruB fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the superior soils and all other advan-
tages named.- will be sold at prices far below
those asked In localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; there Is no more
independent life than the small diversified
farmer's: the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as-tlOO per acre; you can leave
Ban Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have 1 or 4
hours at Esoarto. and back to San Francisco
early the same evening: you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
tI7'.O— DESIRABLE country home: ?0 acres
choicest fruit land: 1600 almond and 59 <<e]ert
fruit trees {to I years old: new hard-finished
residence, barn snd other buildings; excellent
well of water: new windmill; good school: de-
sirable neighborhood": by rail 14 hours from
San Francisco. Apply 32 San* Pablo ave..
Oakland.
13750—5 ACRES sandy loam; all in full bearing
assorted fruit; 1H story. 7-room hous* and
basement; windmill, tank, frulthouse; chicken
houses. Incubator, brooder, horse, harness,
I buggy, plow, harrow, cultivator, small tools.
I crop: all go with the place: CO minutes' walk
from postoffloe. GEO. C. YOL'NG. Petaluma.
A SPLENDID bargain— For sale to close an
estate, popular resort in Santa Crui moun-
tains: accommodates 100 people; 25 acres
grapes, SO choice fruit, 45 hay and 200 heavy
saw timber; boating, bathing and flshlnr;
easy terms. WESTERN LAND COMPANY.
C40 Market st.
10 ACRES for sale or exchange, near San Lean-
dro electric road; city or Oakland Improved
property, business or residence, and part cash;
all In fruit; nice 2-story house with substantial
outbuilding, stable, barns. chicken houses, etc.;
half cash. B. FASSLER. San Leandro.
REDWOOD timber lands on Big River, Mendo-
cino. in lots to suit; 640 to 10.000 acres. For
particulars address P. ROTHERMEL, 507
<:alifornla st.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pabto ave.. 2 miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa F« Railroad—
Valley land by the acre. J1I3 to J200. Call for
maps, etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. st.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
MOO ranches on my SALE AND EXCHANGE
llet. N. D. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT-
10 Geary st-
FOR sale— Eleeant villa site In 'Mlllbrne. Box
430. Call office.
REAL BSTATE TO EXCHANGE.
STOCK, fruit and chicken ranches for sale and
exchange in all parts of the State.
SCHWEINHARD & CO., 317 Market St.
rooms 1 nnd 2.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 91*, near Taylor— 8 unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; all conveniences.
CLAY, 1532— Upper part of house; 3 sunny
rooms and bath; rent $11.
CLAY. 2421. near FUlmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water: rear; rent $7. '
EDDY. 207— Nice furnished front room; running
water: light housekeeping; gas; bath; cheap.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— One or two sunny
fror.t rocms and kitchen, furnished for house-
keeping; bath: private family..
FIFTH. £3— 2 furnished. tlO; I for »tt 50; also
single. *5. . * -
GEAHY, S13*i— Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; private family.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
sunny hskpg. rooms; reasonable and desirable.
HOWARD. 952U— Nice housekeeping rooms.
JEfiSIE. O, n«"ar new postofflce— Single or con-
nect'.nt housekeeping.
KEARNY. 104— Front suite (2 unfurnished
rooms), tlO: two front suites (4 rooms). SIS.
MARKET. 1538. near City Hall— 3 unfurnished
connecting sunny rocms; 1 front room; water,
pink, yard; rent J16. .
MISSION. 112i»/4— Sunny furnished housekeeping
. rooms. }2 per week.
OKK. M— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
room: mantel; kitchen; complete for house-
keeping; 111.
O'FARnELL, S17— Floor of 3 nice unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; gas, bath and laundry.
POLK. 1217, near Sutter— Sunny housekeeping
suites. 110 up: single. %2 up. . .
POST <18. near Powell— 2 or 3 sunny, com-
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms; rent
reasonable. . ¦ v- -
POWELL. 1401—2 or 3 nice sunny connected
rms. for housekpg.; sink, gas and bath.
SACRA MKNTO. 1514— Large, sunny front room;
elegantly furnished; modern Improvements;
¦ appreciated If keen; very light housekeeping
allowed. ;
SCOTT 1723— Three unfuriJshed housekeeping
rooms; uae of bath; %i or tlO month. - . .
STEVENSON. 651 — 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; no sign. ; *»..-..¦. •.
SILVER, 165—2 cheap furnished housekeeping
rooms. .
DIVIOBKD NOTICES.
DIVTDEND notice— Dividend -No. 15--(thlrty
cents per share) of the Paa.uhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Thursday, May 10,-1900. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, May 6, iano, at 12 o'clock
m. - W. D. K. GIBSON.
¦ __ ; Secretary pro tem.
DIVIDEND Notice— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY <Con.)— A. dividend. No. 17. of
Seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the 1s-
. sued capital stock of th« company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California St.. San Francisco, on
May 10. 1900. Transfer books close May 3,
lfiOO. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LGUAL AUVEUTISUMKKTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change principal place of busi-
ness—Notice Is hereby given that in pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ko-
¦vrardennan Improvement Co.. a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed In the offlce of said cor-
poration, It Is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, in the county of Santa Cruz.
State of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this Sri day of May. A. D
1900. ROWARDBNNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO., by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California. Probate
In the 'matter of the estate cf KLIZA 11
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication or
time appointed for probate of will (C. C. P
see. 1S03). — Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of May. A. D. 1300. at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at the
new City Hall. In the City and County of San
Franciaco. Plate of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
will of salil ELIZA Mi SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the Issuance to
it of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Dated Msy 1. A. D. 1900.
•\VM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSED acquisition of a telephone sys-
tem by San Francisco — Persons desirous of
offering to install and sell to San Francisco
a complete telephone system are requested to
apply to the clerk of the Board of Super-
, visors for full Information relating to a call
' for proposals. The proposal* to be filed on h
or before August 1. 1900.
NOTICE to contractors— Plans and specifica-
tions for the construction of a restraining
dam 1600 feet Ions. SO feet base, over Dry
Creek, above Orovllle and Chlco road, can be
seen at the office of the Cherokee mines,
Cherokee, Rutte County, from May 7: bids
e!o«e May 15. L. J. HOHL, superintendent.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
'Birth, marriage and death notices 'sent by
mail will not be Inserted. Tlreymust be handed
In at either of the nubllcatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the lame published.
died!
Bartels. Daisy Henrlreckson. Simon
Heaver, George W. Henrlksen. B. K.
Becklns:ham. George HofllnR. Frederick
Bern, Susan Ives, Emma
Brooker, Gustavus H. Marks, I»uls
Candldo, Mary G. McDermott, Nora
Cudner, Cynthia A. McNally, Adeline
Dober. Charlotte Muldowny, Maud
Dodge. Otis Robertson, Arthur P.
Edwards. Frank G. h'hea. John H.
Elliott, Valeria B. ' Kkelly, FVancls J.
Knright. Bridget Taylor,. Frederick W.
Flanagan. Michael Wlyslg, George j
Hanson. Mrs. M. A. Wolters, Martha
BARTELS- In this city. May 5.^1900. Daisy
Bartels, beloved daughter of the late Eliza-
beth Bartels, and sinter of Emma Bartela, and
niece of Mrs. Louise Rlchter and Mrs. Wil-
liam Mueller and Henry Elberllng-, a native
of San Francisco, aged 22 years 1 month and
3 days.
E7" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Elrhth. ,
BECKINGIIAM— In this city. May 4, WOO,
George, beloved husband of Adele Becklng-
ham, and father of George. Joseph. Charles
and Marie Becklneham, a native of London,
England, aged 5S year3 and 10 months. (Vic-
toria and Seattle. p«P*rf» please cony.)
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Ignatius
j Church, where n. solemn requiem mass will
\ be celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
; terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Re-
mains at the parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239
Market street./- b«tween -Eighth, and, Js'inth.
BEAVER— In this city. May 6. 1900, George W.
Beaver, a native of Franklin County, Pa.,
aged 74 years.9 months and 17 days.
tJ" Friends -and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at the First Unita-
rian Church, corner of Geary and Franklin
streets. Interment private.
BERN— In this city. May 6. 1900, Susan Bern,
dearly beloved wife of Alexander Bern, and
sister of Mrs. Ann Dunn and Mrs. Ellen
Mitchell, a native of Montrose, Scotland,
aged 47 years and 6 months.
BROOKER— In this city. May 6. 1900, Gustavus
H., beloved husband of Mary Brooker. and
father of. Annie. Victoria, Gustavus and Ir-
vine Brooker, a native of Sussex County, Eng-
land, aged 39 years 8 months and 8 days.
U Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 046 Mlnslon street. Inter-
ment Cypress I^awn Cemetery, by electric car
from Elshteenth and Guerrero streets.
CANDIDO— In this city. May 6. 1900, Mary G.
Candldo, beloved daughter of Frank and Jen-
nie Candldo, and sister of Petronella and
Frank Candldo, and granddaughter of Bar-
tolo Perez, and niece of Harry, Emma, Mary,
Stephen and Freddie Perez, a native of Pan
Francisco, aged 5 years 4 months and 14 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at Mission Dolores Church, corner
of Sixteenth and Dolores streets. Remains at
the parlors of James Hag-an, 445 Valencia
street.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CIIDNKR— In this city". May 6. 1900, Cynthia
Augusta, beloved wife of Augustus A., and
mother of Addle Cudner. a native of Pough-
keepsie, N. Y.. aged S6 years.
DOBER— Entered Into rest. In this city. May 5,
1900, Charlotte Dober (nee Rose), devoted wife
of Joseph U. \V. Dober, and dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. George C. Patterson and
Charles, Julia and Joseph Dobcr, a native of
Prussia. Germany, aged 72 years 5 months and
I day. (Philadelphia and Iowa papers please
copy.)
IC7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 452 Tehama street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
• soul, commencing- at 3 o'clock. Interment
strictly private.. Please omit flowers.
DODGK— In this city, May 4, 1900. Otis Dodffe,
a native of California, aged 24 years.
ETVFrlentl* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). At 10:43 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. 5429 Mission street, near Twenty-
first Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city. May 6. 1900. at his
residence, 132fi Guerrero . strpet. Frank G.
Edwards, ex-Fire Commissioner nnd president
of Edwards Publishing: Company, beloved
hupband of Ellen Jane Edwards, and father
of F. Ernest Edwards, and brother-in-law of
Miss Kmlly Carter, a native of Oxford, Eng-
land, aged 7S ypars and 10 days.
CtTFuncral services Wednesday, May 9, at
II o'clock.. at Emmanuel Baptist Church, Bart-
. lett street, near Twenty-third. Interment In
i Masonic Cemetery. • .
ELLIOTT— In this city. May 6. 1900, Valeria
Blddle. widow of the late Brevet Major Gen-
eral Washington '-L. .'Elliott,' U. 8. A., and
mother of Katherlne B. and Frances V. ' El-
liott and Mrs. II. G. Fontln*. (Philadelphia
and Los Angeles papers please copy.)
. (ETFuneraland interment private. Please
omit flowers. *./
ENRIGHT-In this city. May 5. 1900. Bridget
Enrlght, beloved' mother , of Mrs. .W. .1. Roo-
ney and John Glenan. a native of Ireland,
ased 8D years. (Detroit and Ann Arbor pa-
pers please copy.)
(CTFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1910 Mission street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, Stelner street, between Bush
nnd Pine, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannaean &' Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
¦ .Telephone South 80. -
•':.; UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
*J7 and -29 Fl«h st. Vrel. : South '».
rCHEBAL ! DIRECTORS ¦ AMD EMBALMERS.
• Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
I: ;K JV\of\\/O^r dfc CO.. ~ •,; I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
123» Market St.. between -,8th; and 9th I
: Telephone South 247. \ I
cretviAtioin.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery A ssociatioa,
S AN : FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA. )'' " • ,
If deceased "was a member of ANT "ORGAN-
IZATION, having a presiding: officer and secre-
tary. J the charge r.f or ': cremation.: a . copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ < service is }30.
The same for members of the • family.
,..'/ ' GEORGE R.. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
AUCTION SALES
1
GRAND. AUCTION SALE OF
SUPERIOR FURNISHINGS AND COSTLT
WORKS OF ART.
OH AS. LEVY <ft CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants. \
Saleroom 1135 Market St. : . I
THIS DAY.
MONDAT....:: ...n, y T. £»
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at private mansion.
1310 MISSION ST.. near Eighth.
We are instructed to sell, on account of de-
parture for Europe, all the Superior furniture.
ricb parlor upholstery. 1 upright piano, eootly
works of art, etc., contained In above- residenc*
For full particulars see Chronlcla and Ex-
aminer.
CHA5. LEVT * CO.. Auctioneer*. _
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
SWITZER'S STOCK YARDS, cor. Twelftt and
Harrison sts..
THIS DAY.
MONDAT. MAT 7th. at U A. M. f
We will sell I carloads of horses from ths Ore-
gon ranch. These horses aro from 1050 to U04
lbs. and from 4 to 7 years old. all of them
gentle. We are (coins to sell and must b« sold
without any limit or reserve, A rare chane*
to cet a sound young; horse for your price.
Horses will arrive after Saturday. May Sth.
Remember, there Is no limit on this stock; they
must be sold.
8ULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers. Offlca
vn sixth «.
MlfCIXLAMIOrS FOR 8ALD
SA FES— New and second hand. THE^HEIU
JktANN SAFE CO.. 417-C2 bacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
Isr prr>or safe; chrap. 42 Main Bt.
FAFES-Xf*- and second hand: all sizes. THE
/WALTZ SAFE, ms-iu Market Bt.. San Fran, i
ONH 4-slded nickpr; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air rrmtirpssnr: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELI.AXEOIS WANTS.
WANTED-Pec^nd-hand bTrycieT~1931 S 1 xt een th
ave., South San Franriseo.
WANTED — Seeortd-nand upright piano for
caM.. H. L. WHITKHEAIi. 1710 Market st.
MO\E V TO I,O AX. '
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 r^r^rnt ~nrst
f^rnd mTt?Kces. estates in probate. Interest
.:: eMatt-s. legacies, corporation leans chattel
nnrjeacr*; confidential: advio-e. free. G. E.
— >L BE».:woBi W.':flrst Hoot. OMPOtUcj* bldg.
ANY amount at « per cent: 1st, td and 3d mortl
P-P'-s. undivided int"ren. r*-al estate in pro-
f-ate; mortgages and legacies bought no de-
lay; set my term* before doing business else-
_ where. R. McCOLGAN. 14 Montgomery, r. J.
I! ?£ m ' Y w « le "*Me private place to obtain
liberal idvtrrn on diamonds, jewelry at low.
e*t rates. Baldwin Jewelry store. S46 Market
yt.; tel Main 1M4. Branch li Third ft.
aiOSI reliable place to txirrc.w on diamonds.
watches, jeuelry. W. J. HKSTHAL 10 Sixth;
frlghfst prirc for old cold, silver, diamonds
ANY amount by private party on furniture «nd
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential
BQNELLI. Cowrvatory Mdg.. 150 Powell *t.
ON real MUte. Ut or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pisn<»e; no removal: any amount;
lowest rate*. HKCKER & CO.. 2« Montgomery.
AT 1S6 Kearny «.. r"om 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removaJ; quick
Fervjo*: nicney direct: lowest interest. Rooms
€•» and C. Ponrhn> building. 1170 Market St.
Waxs made on furniture at I 1 -* per cent- also
Jr.ans to »a!artrd people. HARSHBARGER.
*.-. Kills ft., room 24.
15 '** loaned salaried people without security.
«1UL. nn. 44. Merchants' Kxchnxe. 431 Oal'.r.
TO ralarled people; without security: all busl-
ne*g cor.fldential. Tousley Co., 221 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORKKLL. 6^ Eramlner building.
tlO TO $.v\.vtr.: lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRTDEN. 413 Montgomery.
OX furniture, pianos without removal: no
corr.miEMor.; iTlvate. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property !s mortgaged find you need
mere money see H. MURPHY. €30 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
K h r''y>-»iir:t Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CHOrCE LIST oFsN'APs!
Fmall upright; rosewood S!>5
Ar:or. ; rosewood 100
¦\Veber: rosewood l.*0
Kingshury: mahogany 1M)
Sterling; eben'.zed VQ
Sterling; walnut 225
Sterling; large oak 145
Vntf; walnut ' 550
FMr»-Ft condition; warranted; xery easy pay-
ments; pianos rented fi up: tuning and cart-
age reasonable. EEXJ. i.TRTAZ & PON.
a€-:S-20 OKarrcll it.. Curtax building, Chtek-
erlrg Agency.
AS ».e represent the beat make of pianos In
' T * r y grace. Irom Steinway down to low-
priced rcaices, and as our Installment pay-
rr.erts are easier than those of other dealers,
»e are the people from wbom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $6 cash. )6 per
jjicnth: other pianos $3. 54 and $5 per menth.
EHERMAX. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Keirty and Sutter sts.. Saa Francisco;
car. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
4 BIO BARGAIN'S FOR
« DAYS ONLY.
THE ZE2CO IIAI.'VAIS MUSIC CO.
T6'< Market st.
ABFOUTTELT the oldest and largest house
v.»ft cf Ch'.caso is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
Sts. IS er.d -0 O'Farrell st. ; piancs. organs and
ail other musical instruments of all grades
Thing possible dene to please «nd satisfy the :
rcFtrmer.
EEE our bargaina this week; a fine upright. $150: \
g'tod &s new, original price $500; Stelnwaye.
Hazletons. Hardmans at cut prices: also
*.-me fire IVw'.nc Broa. THE J. DEWING
<'<:•.. F'oc-d bulldinr.
X\<*: $:'A $375. J200 OR $:T5 will secure a good
piano— if you come now. MAUVAIS'. 763
Market tt.
DESCKEH &- SOX or Tarkard. !f you want the
Sest.
I>eckfr & Son or Parknrrt beat al! the rest.
.MACVAIS'.. T6S Market st-
b/SVILL ff'.I fcr storage, upright, $00; Thos. Ball
A ; iano. *:*>: A. B. Chase, Steinway and
ether'. ¦WILSONS STORAGE. 1710 Market.
A~^TEIN*WAY IKS: installments J3. $5, J7. $10;
rents K uj.. HEINE' P. 1S6 Ellir t=t.
EOHMEU A CO.. Byron Mauzy piancs. SOS to
1*2 I'ost *t.
A FEW days rrn!y — New planoe. t2 50 per mo.
FCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes et.
GOOD FUeher; great bargain. FCHMIT&. It
McA'.llMPr st.. next Hibernia Bank.
FINE KiRcher and Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFK'S, 101» Van Ness ave.. nr. Geary «t.
IV. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Frarr<« Psfon and Hallett & Daris piancs.
fcUPERIOR violins, zithers, eld and new. II.
UlTLLER. maker, repairer. J Latham place.
OmCES AAD STORES TO LET.
LARGE store, corner Seventh and Natcma;
ufred 3C yrs. as grocery and saloon: reasonable.
PALMISTRY.
ifME. Neergiard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Pa'.rriftry: reads 1 to 8. »lt Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
LtDEP.ER uses Qulntonlca HaJr Tonic to make
• the hair glossy. 35c bcttle, and Foamo Sham-
' poo to clfanse the scaJp. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton.
tl-UDEREIt. the popular hairdresser; price only
2Sc; no extra charge for fancy halrdresslng:
}-as nut one price for plain or the most elab-
orate cr.lffures. 123 Stockton «t.
AMATEUR photographers— Save 50 per cent by |
havirg your work done at Rembrandt Studio.
f Market .ft., cor. Stockton: kodaks, 3Vix3Si.
only iOc; n« charge for blank negatives; pro-
fmlOTIll advire free.
fO whom it may concern— The partnership
heretofore existing between FRANK BILL
erfl S. N. Pl'TTON has this d*y. May 1. 1900.
been dissolved. FRANK BILL.
S. NT. BOTTOM.
I)R- E. J. WILLIAMS— Removed to SS8 Howard
M.. corner Sixth. Orlando Houee.
HAIR gulckly curled or waved by using Tai-
L cut'* Curling Fluid: Sc bottle: druggists.
VRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 8T.7 Jessie st.
iXjETECTIVE— Honorable: confidential: secrets
inviolate. Address box 490. Call office.
fcUSS BHBUOOK. chiropodist and buninees ad-
vice. fcr,o Market St., second floor, room 37.
¦ELECTRIC lights Jn every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third «., near Market: 100 rooms:
rtc to Si Ut per night; Jl JO to IS per week;
free 'bus and barrage to and from the terry.
Z-ADIES'and icenu 1 ' cart-oft clothing bought and
fc'.-I. SHverman, 9H Folsom: tel. Folsom 11JL
"ti PHOTOS for 12 per dr>n?n at FUWZER'S.
:i4v Market rt.. near Taylor.
AN elegant suit for J10 75 from imported or do-
ir.fstJc remnants * L. LHMOS. U17 Market st..
between Feventh and Eighth."
CAPT-OFF clcUiing. old gold and silver bought;
»»i)d 1 ¦ a««l. COLEMAN'S. U<6 Kcarny St. .
6TAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M.. Ph.n.. 1215 Linden «t.. Oakland.
IF yen wish full value for your caet-off cloth-
ing call on It. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Black 4123.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
rr*t*. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sanatme st.
A WEEK'F new* for S <-er.t»— The Weekly Call.
T" fag». !n Ti-rHrT^r. for mnillpg. ti per y-ar.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
_
TfE loan kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
nutflo 11 Of-ery rt.. rround floor.
PHVSICIA58 A.M> SURGEO>S.
CHRONIC diseases treated: cur's guaranteed;
fteam baths, DR. GORDIN. Sanitarium. 614
Pine Bt. •
XJK. C. C. OTJONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1C3H Market *t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
ER. STYAN'S Rheumatism Cure. II; rret to
X^T every \Ve(*t efday. Tt Geary st. '
PnOPEHTV WANTED]
« WANTEf>-fma!l home of 20-to 80 acres, mor*
j or lew Improved, or homestead rellnqulth-
rr.pnt In *ome of the bay counties, preferring
Santa Clara or Fanta Crur; must be a bar-
Ffttn and not too far from good transportation:
pive rtod description of property, price and
h'.w to flr.d it: no agents. Address KILL-
GOHE. 202 Sixth st... S. F.
WESTERN . Addition Income producing prop-
erty wanted; only bona fide propositions «n-
t<-rt.iiwd: from $2000 to £15.000; no agents.
A'ldrees box 40i. Cat! offlee.
WANTED — At one* Improved Income city prop-
erty. iiv» to tscoo. for cash at SPECK A
, CO.E. CC7 Market et.
[CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1519 Stockton street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
WOLTERS— In this city. May 5. l!>00. Martha,
beloved daughter of J. J. and Nellie Wolters,
a native of Fan Francisco, Cal.. aged 18 days.
CiTFrlends are Invited to attend the funeral
services to-morrow (Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, at
the residence of Charles Easton. 610 Buchanan
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
WISSIG— In this city. May 6. 1900. George Wls-
sig, beloved husband of Julia Wisslg, and be-
loved father of Kate Wisslg. and brother of
Mrs. J. Lippert. a native of Langinhaln.
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 52 years 11 months
and $ days. .
(Tv'Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday*, at 10:30 o'clock, from his iate res-
idence,- 76 Raunch street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In this city. May 5, Frederick W.
Taylor of 'Belvedere, beloved husband of Edna
Taylor, and father of Milton E. Taylor, a na-
tive of Nevada, aged 37 years.
1 (C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:4i o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence. to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
.emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose cf his soul, commencing at 3
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SKELLY— In this city. May 6. 1900, Francis J.,
beloved son of the late John and Margaret
Skelly, and brother of James P., Annie E. and
John W. Skelly, a native of San Francisco.
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
SHEA— In this city, May 4. 1900. John H., be-
loved husband of Agnes W. Shea, father of
Roy and Helen Shea, son of Michael and
Hanorah Shea, and brother of Mrs. D. Dwire
and Mary. Annie, Julia, Thomas and Michael
Shf-a, a native of Colchester. Conn., aged 33
years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are tespect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MULDOWNY-ln this city, May 5. 1900. Maud,
beloved wife of Timothy Muldowny. and sis-
ter of Delia Shea, a native of Virginia City.
Nev., aged 20 years 2 months and 12 days.
ROBERTSON— In this city. May 5. 1900, Arthur
Perry, beloved son of E. J. Robertson, and
brother of Walter L., Ernest E. and Laura I.
Robertson and Mrs. J. B. Woods, a native of
California, aced 20 years 2 months and 24
days.
G7"Frif;nd8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ICI.% Golden Gate avenue. •
McDERMOTT— In this city. May 8. 1900, Nora,
beloved, daughter of Julia and the late Wll-
\ Ham McDermott, and sister of Rena. Lulu
\ and William McDermott and Mrs. S. Fabian,
a native of San Francisco, aged 30' years.
McNALLY- In this city. May 5. 1900. Adeline
McNally. beloved mother of Frank "W. Mc-
Nally of Park Ridge, 111., a native of Massa-
chusetts, aeed 62 years. (Chicago papers
please copy.) ¦
K7"Krlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock. Interment
private.
IVES— In this city. May 5. 1900, Kmma Ives. a
native of Massachusetts, aged 55 years.
MARKS— In this city. May 6, 1900, Lou la. dearly
beloved husband or Nancy Marks, and father
of Llllle, Florence, Benjamin and I. L.. Marks
and Mrs. II. B. Adler, a native of Germany,
aged 72 years.
J. J. JAMISON. Secretary.
MEMBERS of Valley Lodge No. 1 30, A. O. U.
W., will assemble at N. S. Q. W. Hall. 414
Mason street, this day (Monday), at 1:15
o'clock, .to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Bernhanlt Edward Henrlksen. By
order of CAPTAIN JAMES C. SHARP.
HOFLING-In Haywards. May 5. 1900. Fred-
rlrk Hofllne, beloved husband of Kate Hof-
ling, and father of Frank J. Honing, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 75 years 10
months and 16 days.
'fCT'Frlpnda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from' his late resi-
dence, 1344 Fell street, thence to Native Sons'
Hall, 411 Mason 6tre«>t, for services, at 2
o'clock. Interment Odd 'Fellows' Cemetery.
MEMBERS of California Parlor No. 1. N. 8.
G.' W.I are requested to assemble at their
hall. 414 Mason street, this day (Monday), at
1:30 o'clock, to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Bernharflt Edward Henrlksen.
L. LACAZE, President.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Anna's Chapel. Episcopal Old Ladles' Home.
2118 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. . * •
HBNDRECKSON— In Oakland, May 6, 1900.
Simon Hendreckson. beloved husband of Anna
Hendreckson, and brother of John A. Hen-
dreckson. a native of Finland, aged 43 years.
HENRIKSEN— In this city. May 4. 1300. Bern-
hardt Edv.-ard, beloved husband of Ellen F.
X, Henriksen, and son of the late Benjamin
A. and Henrietta Henrlksen. a native of San
Francisco, ¦ aged 49 years and 13 days.
menclng at » o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
• Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat. .
FLANAGAN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 6. 1900. Michael Flanagan, a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years. - ¦ • ¦ •
HANSON— Entered rest. In this city. May 5.
1900. Sirs. Mary A. Hanson, a native of Tori-
shire, England, aged 90 years and 5 days.
Dear mother's days are ended; .
She now lays at rest. , . > >
White and wax-like fingers -fi
- Are clasped upon her breast.
We crushed our sorrowing feelings.
Trying: to think it's best. "
For father has long been waiting
Ills bride In the land of rest.
AMELIA CART.Fell From Wharf and "Was Kill«d.
James McGowan, a sailor recently dis
charged from the hospital ship Missouri,
fell from a coal bunker on Howard-street
a I f i^°- 2 yesterday, striking his head
; °" a barge lyinsr alongside and falling
Into the water. Ills head was Injured anS
hl« ekull possibly fractured. He was
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
wbere ha died last night ¦
YSAYE'S WONDERFUL
PUPIL TO PLAY HERE
.Among the ladles and gentlemen who
have requested the concert are Mrs.
Downey Harvey. Mrs. . "Walter \ E. Dean,
Mrs. Adam Grant, Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, Mrs. Eleanor Martin; Mrs. \V. E.
McKinstry, Mrs. J.: R. K. Nuttall. Mrs.
Mountford Wilson, "Mrs. Robert' Oxnard,
Mrs. William Kohl, Mrs.' Ella M. Sexton,
Mr«. M.' Meyerfeld Jr.. Mrs. Henry ; Wag
goner. James D. Phelan, Philip N. Lllien
thal, .Henry. Heyman, Jgnatz Steinhart
and others. .
At the request of- many prominent San
Franciscans, she will give a . concert ] at
the California. Theater next Tuesday aft
ernoon at 3:15 o'clock, when slie will be
assisted; by Miss Maude Fay, the well
known soprano, and Ada Clement, the
talented accompanist.
Eada Is 14 years of age and began the
study of the violin when She was u years
old. She Is a native of Toledo. Ohio, and
a most remarkable* future Is predicted for
her. IffJlffiJfjJi^
When she played as a soloist with the
Paur Symphony. Orchestra in New York
City her youth, great technical ability
and cmotlor.al qualities fascinated every
hearer and the newspapers gave her most
flattering notices, the Sun adding that
"her performance was received with vo
ciferous approval that would have terri
fied most girls just ln their teens."
5 ADA, America's youngest girl vio
linist, who for four years was the
favorite pupil of Ysaye in Brussels,
Is spending a few days in San
Francisco on her way back to Europe.
Harbor View Picnics.
The Trades Union held its annual picnic
at German Gardens; Harbor View, yes
terday. Dancing in the pavilion and sing
ing by German aocietiea were the features
of the day.
The Knights' and Ladies' Golden Banner
Society had an outing at Harbor View
yesterday, and. like the -Trades Union
kept up festivities until midnight. •
Opposed to Japanese Invasion.
A mass-meeting will be held to-night in
Metropolitan Temple to protest against
the invasion of Japanese. The meeting
will be under the auspices of the labor or
ganizations of i his city. Speeches will be
delivered by Mayor Phelan. Hon. Charles
L. Patton. Civil Service Commissioner. P.
H. McCarthy. Cleveland L,. Dam. Profes
sor K. A. Iloss of Stanford University.
Walter McArthur, Colonel T. V. Eddy and
Hon. J. J. Dwyer, '
PARISIAN Romance," the power
yi_\\ ful romantic play made famous by
if- that peculiar artist. Richard
Mansfield, was presented by
James Neill and his company at the Cali
fornia last night before a large audience.
Mr. Neill makes a daring attempt ln im
personating Baron Chevrlai. a part the
standard of which has been set by the
foremost character actor of this country.
However, there can be no question of the
fact that he handled the part with dis
crimination and a conscientious sense of
the difficulty of his work. While NeiU's
acting is not so Incisive and melodramatic
as Mansfield s. and his make-up not so
repulsive, he presents a nnlshed charac
terization notable for its evenness.
ln the banquet in the fourth act, where
df^ath strikes him, he not only shows ver
satility but gets his proper effects with
?^ t < g^acting his part. In the last act
taitn Chapman developed unexpected
talent In the portrayal, of the pathetic
scene. Benjamin Howard as the good
young man and husband. Henri de Targy
John \V. liurto.n as the doctor, and Grace
Mae Lamkm as the Earo^s Chevrial
were satisfactory, while the make-up and
blase Gearing of Frank McVicars as Tl
randel were especially fine. It is easy to
see that William Brt-wer. Labanerre, has
not been playing with the Xeill company
long, and although described on the pro
gramme as "a man of the world it
would be hard to tell what world he came
from. Enimett Shackelford was "a man
about town" from the same world
iieorge Bioomquest and Robert Morris
appeared in minor roles. Julia Dean as
Kosa Guerin, a premiere danseuse, was
as sparkling as the real champagne usfed
in the banquet scene. .
The stage settings were as attractive
as in ail the Neill productions, this being
particularly true in the fourth act. "A
i'arisian Romance" will undoubtedly do a
big week's business. The regular mati
nees will be given Thursday and Satur
day.
Sue has had a successful run at the
Alcazar, to be followed by a real old
fashioned melodrama, entitled "The
Great Diamond Robbery."
The excellent bill at the Orpheum is
making previous box receipts look like
small money. It would be difficult to se
lect a better vaudeville company.
Paloma Schramm, the child oianiste
and composer, will give two recitals at
the Gherman & Clay Hall on Wednesday
and Saturday afternoons at 3:15. She
will be assisted by her younger sister
and only pupil, Karla, and her pro
grammes will Include many novelties
Seat« may be obtained at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s. < v- ;-
The new programme at Fischer's Con
cert House will include the prison scene
from "Faust" and the fourth act of
"Rig61etto." with Signor Abramhoff and
the -Lambardi Opera Quartette ln the
principal roles. August liinrichs and his
Improved orchestra will play new selec
tions. The best class of people in San
Francisco are seen at Fischer's every
night.
The new bill at the Chutes this week
contains some of the most popular vau
deville stars. Heading the bill are Frosto
and Warde. sketch artists; De Armo and
irojan, comedy aerialists, with Herbert
Gilbert Captle. who are new. The hold
overs are Fairbanks Brothers, club Jug
glers; Mabel Le Claire, operatic soprano:
Alice Raymond, cornet soloist; Davenport
Sisters, song and dance artists, and new
moving pictures.
To-night at the Tivoli Opera-house the
twenty-fifth Dorformance of the comic
opera. "The Wizard of the Nile." will be
given, and the occasion will be a gala
one en account of the presence of the offi
cers, and crew of the French cruiser Pro
tet, who will witness the performance as
the guests of George Hall, the Turkish
Consul. • ¦ i- ¦
At the- Columbia Theater this evening
the much looked for and extensively her
alded spectacular production. "The Evil
this'cit^ 111 b ° SeCn r ° r lhe flrSt t!me ln
PRESENTATIONS AT
THE PLAYHOUSES
Residents of This City Honor the
Success of Their Anns Against
French Invaders.
The Mexican residents of this city held
a celebration Saturday evening in honor
cf the victory achieved by the Mexican
army over the French Invaders on May 5.
1S62. The celebration was under the aus
pices of the Zaragosa Club, which takes
its name from the distinguished leader of
the Mexican army. The evening was de
voted to singing, speechmaking and danc
ing. The following programme was ren
dered:
"National Mexican Hymn," Professor Mn-
Jlra's orchestra; speech in Spanish, Hon. A.
Campbell: trombone duet, A. Dinslaye and A.
Kastup; speech in Knslish. Hon. John Curtis:
operatic selections. "Cardenas de Oro." Senorlta
Ktelvina Zarate. with piann accompaniment by
Senorlta H. Mojlca; operatic selections. "En Ga
Xoche," Professor F. Jimenez; overture, or
chestra; oneratlc eelectlon, "Non e Ver," Sen
orlta A. Mojica; "Zarajrosa Hymn," jrranJ
chorus of male and f«>male voices, under direc
tion of Senorita A. Mojica.
MEXICANS CELEBRATE
A MILITARY VICTORY
In J&01 the Sausallto ferry people ex
pect to have the finest ferry service on
the Pacific Coast. At the present time
the Sausalito and San. Rafael do all the
work, but neither of them is up to the
requirements of the trade In regard to
speed. In the case of. the San Rafael the
accommodations are away behind the
times, while the boilers that were put
into the vessel when* she was built in 1S77
ere etlll doing service. The Sausallto Is
a well-equipped steamer, but she is not
fast enough.
Taking these facts into consideration,
the North Pacific Coest people have de
cided to build a vessel that will-ig>e sec
ond to none in the ferry service *on the
bay of San Francisco. She will be a
double-ender, and her speed will not be
less than seventeen knots. All the latest
improvements in machinery and electric
lighting will form part of her equip
ment. The plans and specifications of
the Union Iron Works for the new boat
will probably be adopted this week and
then the work of construction will begin
at once.
In regard to the San Rafael, she Is to
be fitted with new boilers, the old oil
lamps are to be taken out and electricity
substituted, the cabins are to be remodel
ed and the lower deck put into first-class
order. The new steamer will probably be
called Tamalpals after the old steamer
which did yeoman Work for the North Pa
cific Coast and which is now being torn
to pieces in Oakland Creek.
Elk No. 1 Sails.
The Elk Xo. 1 got away for the gold
fields yesterday, and of all the strange
craft that ever left San Francisco on a
prospecting cruise she is the strangest.
Originally she was a small auxiliary
sloop, but her passenger accommodations
were built up aft until she looks like a
yacht with a top-heavy stern.
The Elk No. 1 took away about six
teen passengers, among whom were three
women. Captain Dunham has charge of
the outfit. Among the passengers were:
Mike Smith, the well-known politician;
Sam Horton, the sporting man; ex-Sena
tor John E. Hamill. Tim Sullivan, Leslie
Bareslin of Napa, G. L. Weilberg, -Cap
tain McFarlane of Napa and J. Gilmore
and wife. . -
. The vessel will touch at Halls Island
Fast Service in Prospect for
the Sausalitoi
A New Steamer to Be Built and the
Old Enn Rafael to Be Placed
In First-Class Con
dition.
before venturing farther north and pros
pects will be made, there. Included in the
party Is an expert assayer and surveyor.
New Stsamer Kyichak.
The Alaska Packers' Association's new
steamer, Kyichak, arrived from Portland
Saturday night and was docked at Fre
mont-street wharf. She was a long time
getting here from the Columbia River,
having to come down under one boiler.
When completed and ready for her trial
trip it was found that one of the boilers
would not sustain the Government pres
sure. As the repairs could be made much
quicker in San Francisco than In Port
land, the vessel was brought down under
one boiler. In the meantime the Alaska
Packers' .Association required a vessel to
do towing between the canneries, and as
the Kyichak could not be got ready In
time the steamer Rival was chartered
and sailed for Bristol Bay yesterday. As
soon as the Kyichak can be got ready she
also will sail for the north and return
with a full cargo of salmon.
Water Front Notes.
The mail steamer Alameda is still held
In quarantine, but her cabin passengers
were released yesterday and landed at
the Oceanic dock. The fumigation of the
vessel is now almost completed, and the
chances are that she will dock to-day.
Charles Nelson's new steamer, Santa
Ana, had her builder's trial trip yesterday
and proved herself to be a fast boat. She
will probably have an ofllcial trip to-day,
after which she will sail for Nome via
Seattle.
Alex Farquhar, one of the crew of the
British ship Sierra Pedrrtsa, was treated
at the Harbor Hospital yesterday for a
lacerated wound of the scalp. As there
appeared to be a possible fracture of the
skull, Dr. Starr held him for observa
tion. Farquhar got Into a squabble over
the, Boer-British war and the Boer sym
pathizer hit the Englishman over 'the
head with a club.
The British ship Euphrosyne arrived
from Calcutta yesterday after a smart
passage of 121 days. She was caught in
a severe storm when a few weeks out
and lost eighteen sails. Otherwise she
is all right.
FRANK" G." EDWARDS, J ex-Fire
Commissioner • and i one of the best
known citlzens'of the State, passed
away v at his residence, 1326 Guerrero
street, yesterday after, a short illness. lie
had been ailing for some time and last
week; was confined to his bed. Owing to
his advanced, age. noV hope was given for
his recovery,* although everything was
done to make his last hours free from
suffering.
Mr. Edwards was connected with a large
number of business enterprises and had a
high reputation for integrity and hon
esty. • He came from Oxford, England,
and settled in this State in the early days.
He organized the Edwards Publishing
Company and" at the time of his death
was its president. As a member of the
Board of Fire Commissioners he became
famous. He was elected president of that
body and for many years worked hard
for the advancement of the local depart
ment. It was due to his efforts that the
department rose to its present state of ef
ficiency. He was highly thought of by
the rank and tile of the organization, be
cause of his devotion to its Interests.
At the time of his demise he was near-
Ing his seventy-ninth birthday. He leaves
a wife and son, Mrs. Jane Ellen Edwards
and F. Earnest Edwards. Funeral ser
vices will be held to-morrow at 11 a. m.
at the Emmanuel-Baptist Church. Bart
lett street,' near Twenty-fourth. The Inter
ment will be at\ Masonic Cemetery.
GEORGE TV.
BEAVER,
vice - presi
dent of the
Pacific Mutual
' IJf* Insurance
Company, died
yesterday at the
family residence,
1^10 Taylor street.
He was a sufferer
from heart dis
ease. He had
" been " In poor
health for th«
past six- months.
A few weeks ago
Me began to de
cline rapidly and
the members of
his. family appre
• ciated that th®
<>rd was not far
off.
The deceased
¦<\ a- born in
Franklin County.
Pennsylvania, In
iro, and came to
San Francisco In
th*» spring of
JKil. He secured
the position of
manager of the
firm of James
Patrick & Co..
and later became
ore "of the part
ners. In the six
ties the firm of
Patrick & Co.
was dissolved,
and Mr. Beaver
retired from mer
cantile life. He
THE LATE GEORGE W. BEAVEB*
MISSION TRACKS
MAY BE REMOVED
TO-DAY BY FORCE
The Railroad Company Has
Failed to Comply With
Supervisors' Order.
Time for Filing Written Agreement
to Abate Nuisance Expired at
Hidnight and Summary Ac
tion Is Promised.
The time limit Riven to the Southern
Pacirtc Railway Company by the Board of
Supervisors to file a written agreement to
take up the tracks in what Is known as
the Mission district expires at 12 o'clock
to-night, and unless the corporation takes
Fnitif* action during the day the Board of
Public Work? will prore<Hj to carry out
th<? orders of ihe city fathers. Just thirty
days ago -the Mayor signed an ordinance
passed by the beard declaring the tracks
operated by the Huntlngton corporation
on Harrison and other streets a public
nuisance. It was requested cf the railroad
to promise In writing that the tracks
would be removed by Auirust 1. 190L In
oefault of that agreement being filed to
day the Board of Public Works was di-
then became In
terested In several large corporations, and at the time of his 6>ath -was
vice president of the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company and director of
the San Francisco Savinjis Union. San Francisco Gas Light Company and
California Cotton Mills. He retired as a director of the Spring Valley Water
Works a fevf months apo on account of his failing health.
He leaves a wife, two sons and three daughters — Fred H., George L.,
Annie. Kate and Ethel Beaver. The funeral will take place to-morrow
morning: from the First Unitarian Church. The interment will be at Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
rected to take summary action in reliev
ing the Mission residents of the track's,
which have been a menace to human life
ever since their construction.
The Kentucky corporation may save
Itself any further trouble in the matter in
one of two ways. The first is to go before
the Board of Supervisors to-day' and ask
for an extension of time specified for the
removal of the tracks. Judging from the
remark let drop by the Mayor at the last
meeting of the Street Committee, when
Attorney Foulds stated that he did not
know what his company would do, it is
thought that this -course will save it con
siderable trouble. Phelan, In catechisinr
Foulds. suggested:
"Well, suppose you come before the full
board and ask that- you be given more
time to take the tracks up."
Foulds declined to say what would be
done, hut it is thriUKht "that the company
will follow out the advice of the Mayor
or else get out a writ of injunction re
straining the Board of Works from de
stroying its property. It is said that the
corporation feels safe in its position and
that it is certain that it will beat the case
in court-
On the other hand. Supervisor Megulre,
who fathered the measdie to remove the
tracks, feels confident that ttie railroad
company will bp fortvd to comply with
the tcrzns of the <*rdir.anr«».
"The ra!lrt.ad company." said Maguire,
"wl!! certainly he obliged to obey the
man'.ntes of the board before leng. This
matter is cf vital interest to 50,000 people
who live in the vicinity of the tracks and
who are in daily peril of their lives. The
company's attorney accuses us of being
unreasonable in not giving more time, but
1 claim that it has been the unreasonable
party in maintaining a nuisance for the
past thirty years or more"
Because he chastised his 13-year-old son
for refusing to obey him James Sharkey,
a hard-working man, was arrested Satur
day on a warrant charging him with in
sanity. After being formally charged at
the City Prison he was removed to the de
tention ward of the Receiving Hospital
and locked up In a padded cell.
Tho attaches of the hospital say that
Sharkey is sane and refer to his arrest
as an outrage. They are anxious to re
lease him, but are not at liberty to do so
until he is examined by the Commission
ers of Lunacy.
The complaint on which Sharkey was
arrested was sworn to by his wife. She
stated under oath that he was mentally
incompetent and not a lit subject to be at
large.
"I" don't know why I have been locked
up," remarked Sharkey. when seen yes
terday. !'I am as sane as any person, and
why a warrant should have been issued
for my arrest for Insanity is beyond my
comprehension. It is true that I did chas
tise my boy, but 1 did it for his own good.
Friday evening I sent him on an errand
and as he did not return until after mid
night I questioned him as to where he had
been. He gave me to understand that it,
was none of my business and I slapped'
him with my open hand once or twice in
the face. The next day, to my surprise, a
police officer visited the place where I
have been employed and, after reading
the warrant charging me with Insanity,
placed me under arrest. I would not have
cared if my wife had had me arrested for
battery — but to think that • she would
swear to a warrant charging me with In
sanity."
Sharkey spoke rationally when telling
his story, but seemed grieved that his
wife should swear that he was crazy.
"I suppose she wants to get rid of me,"
he continued, "notwithstanding- that I
have always made her a good living since
we were married. I am willing: to quit,
and as soon as I am discharged by the
Commissioners of Lunacy I intend to pack
my grip and leave her to herself."
Sharkey will be released this morning
on the recommendation of the doctors of
the Receiving Hospital, as they are con
vinced that he is sane..
He Feels the Disgrace, and Tells of
His Sorrow at Being Arrested
on. a Trumped-TJp
Charge.
James Sharkey Humiliated
by His Wife, Who Says
He Is Crazy.
IMPRISONED IN
A PADDED CELL
AL THOUGH SANE
DEATH CLOSES AN
HONORABLE CAREER
Frank -G." Edwards, President of the
GldtBoard off Fire Gommissioners,
Passes vQuietly Away.
GEORGE W. BEAVER IS |
CALLED TO REST
SADA, GIKL, \'IOLINIST.
A "Ki Yippi Ki Yi."
A reunion of the class of ,'98 of the Uni
versity of California will be held at Hearst
S? 11 '..?? r l5? 1 . e >l'' o . n - Thu ™day evening next
The ."highbinder'-; class will hold its sec
ondannualI ''Kt Yippt K1Y1V on the oc
casion, and all .kinds of excitement la
promised/ .'¦.- :>"
E*v.B. Fay Mills Lectured.
. Rev. B. Fay Mills ' delivered another of
his able lectures last night before a large
congregation In Metropolitan Temple His
fh]?i!£ r t .. w^v' : T he - o PP ortun| tyof I theOr
nw«°.«V-V^ h a le Si ture T Wa!l under the au»
pices-pf the Sunday Lecture Association
of which Hon. Jame« G, Magulre Is nri.i'
Organist O. Eckman -and Llewelvn
Hughes, the well-known violinist. y
Native Sons' Picnic.
The members of Alcatraz and Rlncon
parlors. N.S.-G.W., gave a: very enjoy
able picnic yesterday at Sunset Park. The
happy pleasure-seekers were conveyed to
the^grounds on a special, train, arriving
at the park shortly before noon. After
luncheon under the trees. dancing, games
and foot races were participated in by
the merry throng. The, return to the city
was. made soon after 4 'o'clock, the merry
excursionists reaching home in good time
aftsr a pleasant day'.? outing * soou ume
Feast of St. Joseph Celebrated.
me least of the Patronage of St JoseDh
of^ihP rated 1P " a " Catholic chSSS
H^o^s^s^ti
s Church the membera of St Jo!
ohael-s ll U * 8 Benevolent ¦ Society St it
r P e h c^e 8 a a^y th eom^ U nfon LadieS ' SodaIitI -
March to Freedom.
1 A - n 1 , nt « rest| ns address was delivered
B R? S h ht at Turk -^reet Texnpfe by'
B. Benham on the subject. "The, March
to Freedom." The lecture was under the
auspices off the Socialist Democratic party
of America and attracted a large audi
ence Mr. Benham said that the mlrch to
¦ISP!
The output 'of oil in California * has In
creased from 1,245,123 barrels in 1S95 to
2,292,123 barrels In 1899. The prospect is
that the output for the present year will
be much larger than that of 1SS9. Califor
nia now ranks fourth among the States
in the Union in petroleum production. In
dications of petroleum are found in all the
counties of the State from San Diego to
SIsklyou. Actual production has been
confined to Los Angeles, Fresno, Ventura,
Santa Barbara, Orange, Kern and Santa
Clara counties.
One significant feature of the oil dis
coveries in the State Is that they will
put California on an* equality with other
States in the Union as far as the fuel
question goes. The estimate has been
made that three and one-half barrels of
California petroleum are equal to one ton
"of coal. Kxperiments were made on the
ferry-boat Soiano some years ago to test
the relative cost of coal and petroleum as
fuel. It was found that the cost per mile
of coal for fuel was 52 cents and the cost
per mile for oil was only 45 cents. The
banta * e Railroad Company tried coal
and oil comparatively in locomotives, and
the conclusion was reached that a train
of cars could be run 12.33 miles farther
on P n %, ton ot oil tnan upon one ton of
coal This is illustrative of the claimithat
the State has found an abundance of fuel
within its own borders.
There are now four oil refineries In Lbs
u geles^ h ? unIte d Capacity of which Is
about 1000 barrels per day. The Times
makes this sanguine statement: "The oil
development now under way In California
is really of greater importance to the
btate than was the pold development of
fifty years apo. because, in addition to the
direct wealth that is to be extracted from
the ground, the production of petroleum
?L n.n " B a ? n<?a P a nd convenient
ruel. -vy 111 give an immense impetus to the
manufacturing industry in California, just
at a time when vast markets for our
Srient 0 " 8 arC bCinS opened U P »*» the
th^Vi" Wl11 , be K built a t Bakersfleld for
the storage of the large quantities of oil
that are expected to follow the work of
oil development In Kern County
Several wells will be sunk in the floor
° Th!^ re , L ;? ke , in search °«^Petroleln^ r
? «, ?> fi , rst 2 owln^ weI1 has, according to
~Pll has been discovered oozing out
First "Gusher" Reported to Have
Been Struck in Kern River Dis
trict Is Yielding Large
Returns.
Era of Cheap Fuel That Will
Promote Manufactures
Is at Hand.
OIL OUTPUT OF
STATE DOUBLED
IN FOUR YEARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 7, 190U.
10
LATE FRANK G. EDWARDS.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
ADVERTISEMENTS. __¦_-.-.-.-
0PI1TPLI
% I 1111 U
oUuiun
TENNIS
A Magnificent Line of the above
Goods Just Received.
These flannels are full 30 Inches
wide, and are In Small, Medium and
Large Stripes, Plaids, Plains and
Small and Medium Checks.- The
colors are Blues, Gr&us, Tans, Pinks,
Heliotropes, Cnrano and Black and
We will continue to sell these
.goods at the old price, 35c per
uard, and ask our patrons residing
outside the citg to write for sam-
ples at once while the assortment
is complete.
BLANKETST
We will also have on sale this week 15
Bales of COLORED BLANKETS in Greus,
Browns and Scarlets ,- weights six, seven,
eight, nine and ten pounds, Prices veru low.
. III. 113. 115^ 117, 119. 121 POST STREET. "
ADVSBTTSEaiENTS.
A GOOD SHOE
FOR VACATION.
The itpascn !«¦ c!o»e at hand and you need a
Food etout fan* for your outing:. We have a
cood etout thoe at a medium price.
LADIES' DARK TAX HIGH CUT L.ACE
SHOE. Coin Toe. Leather CO '7ZZ
GENTS' TAN LACE SHOE. LATEST TOE—
a rood stout ehoe for tramp- <TO 7K
ing O*«lO
WHITE GOODS
rJSSs SUMMER WEAR
A Large Assortment of
LADIES* WHITE PIQUE OXFORDS. LXV
Heel* ?::.<>(»
LADIES' WHITE CANVAS OXFORDS. LXV
la di es v "white "kib" "oxford's*." lxv
H*wl« 9 1.50
•We also have Full Line* of KEW SUMMER
FOOTWEAR at POPULAR PRICES.
830-832-834 Market Street,
¦ SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. • .
$5OO WOULD NOT
Sc*£ t— ' 1 "This is to certify that J
?Wk I have used the NEW
\ 3^ § ANTISEPTIC treat-
<t ment of Dr - Cottingham
:5 \V C— > now about six weeks. I
v ea.aw! 1^ a scvere ca se of!
>• 35 iR£> bronchitis and catarrh. I j
confess that I am well
ci-!=E/C«| after use of this new
;jS"^/S ;< treatment. I would not
: -|§K r'^^i tak e $500 for the good it
HC fiSf&i ' ' ias < * onc mc « a nd» in
ll^jfeffll: I kct. would not be with-
% out l^ e treatmen t. I can
cheerfully recommend if ]
. "¦ "-"¦ ' & «i*-~"»J to those who may have
CATARRH. BRONXHITIS, ASTH-
MA and LUNG TROUBLE. It is all
; right JOSEPH HUME.
"Berkeley. Cal." i
N. B. — Mr. Home 1» conridered the rlchent
ttirij in Berkeley. OU.; also head of the flrm or
' a larre Alaska salmon canning: company.
C r» p HT One week'* treatment and 'mMI-
* •*¦ *— 1— .cine will be riven to convlne* you
• '>f the curative power of this new treatment.
Do not delay, but call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGflAM,
j 204 Sutter St., *• Ki£™'
! Czpert on Ear. Xom, Throat. Lunrs and
Chronic Disease*.
Zoan-t-U a., m., 1-3 and M p. ra,
You obtain unquestionably the best
value for the money by buying Alexander
Humboldt clear Havana' cigars. Each
genuine Humboldt is banded. Don't take
any others. •
Everybody uses stationery, either fancy
or commercial.- Many people use both.
Ours is the best pJace t» get either. We
make a specialty of engraving visiting
cards, wedding invitations and announce-
ments in our stationery department. San-
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Tr^pp^r's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralria
Drusrtsta. 60c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Cla^
$3 50 men's vicl kid shoes for $2 50 at the
Beehive Shoe_Company. 717 Market st. •
out sale of.J23.000 worth of fine
shoes. Monarch Shoe Co.;*1384''Market.- •
g OLD BERG
BQWEN
I &GO
rFor Cape Nome — good
wholesome foods in con-
densed form— big variety
here . . r
Refrigerators
Tile refrigerators made outside and
Inside of white tile polished— nickel
trimmed — lined with mineral wool the
best non-conductor known — sanitary —
ornamental — permanent
Received
New maple sugar — new maple syrup
fancy sugar waiers-athena and ramona
banquet graham wafers
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Chret-Zinfandel 35c
Same quality as we always sell
at 50c gallon *
CoCOanUt— Schepp 22^C
reg'ly 30c Ib— desiccated ,;.;.
for pie— pudding— cake— macaroons
Shrimps— buoxx 2 cans 25c
reg'ly 15c can — sufficiently
cooked for salad— a ready lunch > - /
Castile soap-French 25c
re g'ly 30c — large bars
pure white — lathers quickly
Moth ball S-reg'ly ioc. Ib 5C
For carpets— furniture— clothes
Listen ne— Lambert 65c
S a r d i n eS— Ispa— Beziere 1 OC
reg'ly njc can— imported— fancy
OySterS— Our Choice ' 1 5c 25C
Eastern— extra select — natural flavor
i and 2 Ib tins
Brandy-California 3 bottles $2
. reg'ly $1 bottle. $4 gallon gallon 3
Pure— a gentle stimulant "
CheeS.e— Eastern— reg'ly 25c Ib 2OC
Martin's— Herkimer Co N Y *
full cream
Mackerel 12 ib kit $2 so
reg ly $3— Norway
Extra mess— tender white fish
OliveS— Dolly Varden 25C
reg'ty 35c— Seville Packing Co
Large and small olives in same bottle
Cherries in Maraschino 60C
reg'ly 70c large bottle— a pleasing
flavor in cocktails-lemonade^punches
PeaS-Wisconsin '3 cans 3 5C
The quality at this price should
sell lots of them — reg'ly 15c can
Bloaters— GHmsby '•• 35c
reg'ly 40c dozen^-delicately cured
..smoked herring— large.f at fish
Gin— Booth's old torn 90C
reg'ly $1 bottle — there Is nothing better
Wash basi p-reg'iy 30c . 25c
White enamel— 12 Inches rim.to rim
PailS— indurated fibre J 30C
reg'ly 40c— durable
can't possibly leak
GOLDBERG. B0 WEN * CO'S SPECIAL 8AVI«f 0 SALS
gQLPBPg .BOWES k CVS gfECUIi 8AVT5S BALB
Salt bOX— porcelain « 40C
reg'ly 50c — it will keep salt
dean and jdry
Tooth Wash— -FVnaud jqC
reg'ly 35c bottle
French liquid dentifrice
Glycerine lotion-0a*ky 2 0 c
• reg'ly 35c— soothing to skin irritations
Full of good things— our big Hlus.
trated catalogue
4}* Pine i3»Sutt«r x3oo California San Frand *:»
u»7< Oay between Beventfi ani Twelfth Oaklaal
FIRST DIRECT IMPORTATION
—FROM—
PERSIA JIT
Rugs
WILL. BE OX
I*M WEDNESDAY, MB.
— AT—
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts
Opposite City of Paris,
To be sold out at :.J
...AUCTION...
COMMENCING
THURSDAY- --MAY lOtb,
at 11 a. m. and Z p. m.
DAILY.
This large collection sent to ZL B,
Mlhran from Persia direct, having arrived
late ln the season, has been put In my
hands to be sold out without reserve or
limit to the highest bidder. '
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
F-REE I
A Heine Piano free In your own horn* T«
you try It you will have no other. The Heln«
Piano is the only hlgrh-srade standard InifrT,
ment manufactured especially for the »mi»™
coast climate. It U indorsed by and n£d b£
bucIj prominent musicians as Mrs. Carmtchaei
Oarr. Miss A. Weisle. Miss A. Bacon Txadam»
j. Kosewald. Mr. Fr. 2>»ch. Custav* Helnrfc^
and many others as well known. We »1m sell
second-hand piano* at lowest terms and I fc-vea.
Stetnway, from «!(><» to»2%a
Cnlckertngs fro m . ,$7^ ir J":{"-'
£° m £™ Jrom *i2r, to moo
Knabes from $ir»O to HUItf
FUhef S0I1S J r ° m f 50 *«> »7srt
rl*ner from ilT*> tn*iu-
installment, uX. kvl°tfo}^
Rents $2 up.
Piano » anufacturing Co., 136 Ellis St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I G d R^h5 EST0RATIVE - WVIGORA,
To T n^ f^Jig^oSSS^LS* ¦* e "